VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 16.
COLD HAS CARRIED THE DAY
Illinois Swings the Middle Western
States Into the Yellow
Metal Line.
ADOPTION OF EASTERN FINANCIAL POLICY
CONCEDED BY THE LEADERS.
Advanced Silver Men Talk of Bolting After Their
Minority Report Is Read in the Convention
by the Committee on Resolutions.
UNITED PRESS HEADQUARTERS, t
SOUTHERN HOTEL, ST. LOUIS, Mo.,
June 15.— Gold has carried the day. This |
assertion, made through the United Press j
by Senator Henry Cabot Lodge at an early
hour this afternoon, put a new phase on
the financial situation and overturned
several of the plans which bad been
formed by those who had expected a j
different result. Mr. Lodge figured that I
twenty-two out of the forty-five States
now forming the Union had each selected
a member of the committee on resolutions j
favorable to the gold standard, and that
two or three Western States were likely to
follow suit, thus insuring a clear majority.
The Ohio men somewhat reluctantly rec- :
ognized that Mr. Lodge was speaking by ;
the card. George A. Robertson, e.litor of I
the Cleveland (O.) Recorder, who has made J
a specialty of fashioning the views of the
Ohio headers on this matter, saw ex-Secre
tary Foster and asked him if he did not
know that the people all through North
ern Ohio were for silver. He replied:
"The people of Ohio are Republicans and
will stand by sound Republican doctrines.
Free silver is a heresy and they do not
want it."
General C. A. Grosvenor, who is re
garded as almost the mouthpiece of Mc-
Kinley. said: "The platform will be all
right. There will be no occasion for the
East to complain on that score. It will be
discussed a good deal more, but it is really
settled just the same that the declaration
will be for gold."
Even Mark Hanna could not 'dispute the
fact that the gold-standard plank was in
tiie ascendant. It is somewhat singular
that Illinois, which turned the scale in
fovor of McKinley by instructing for him
instead of for Cullom, took a leading part
in shaping the course of the Middle West
ern States to-day by adopting a gold plank,
by the decisive vote of 42 to 6.
The action of the Idaho State delegation
may perhaps be significant of an intent to
bolt. It selected all the usual officers ap
pointed by State delegations, except some
one to wait upon the nominee for President
and Vice-President. Beyond this, and the
exceedingly soft money plank adopted by
the lowa delegation, which voted that
gold, silver and paper be kept on a parity
by the enactment of laws to accomplish it,
there were no very significant financial
features in the meetings of the State dele
gations which have occupied so much of
the day.
In the selection of the National Com
mitteemen for next year many men of
National repute were turned dewu. Wil
liam A. Hahn, so long a potent factor in
Ohio politics, disappears from the list, as
does also the equally well-known General
James S. Clarkson of lowa, and ex-Presi
dent Harrison's friend, J. N. Huston of
Indiana. Chauncey I. Filley of Missouri
sustained another defeat at the hands of
his old opponent, Mr. Kerens, and Colonel
William Lamb, chairman of the Republi
can State Committee of Virginia, was com
pelled to retire from the National Com
mittee in favor of a gentleman holding
different views. The case of Joseph H.
Manley of Maine is still held under ad
visement by his delegation, with an inti
mation that they will probably consider
his recent offense in giving up the Reed
ship as one of tt c head rather than of the
heart and will continue in his committee
membership.
To-day's proceedings seem not only to
have settled the financial plank, but also
the tariff plank of the next National Re
publican platform. A sketch of the pro
posed tariff revision, which it is said was
either drawn up by Major McKinley him
self or was submitted to him tor approval,
proposes an increase of duties all along
the line sufficient for the needs of the
treasury and the reim position of protec
tive duties on wool and sugar.
The first four paragraphs of the plat
form are devoted to a denunciation of the
Democratic policy, to which is ascribed
ihe commercial and industrial depression
that has prevailed during the past three
years and a laudation of the Republican
policy of protection, which had prevailed
for thirty years previously. There is a
strong recommendation for the renewal of
reciprocity agreements. There is also a
recommendation lor the imposition of 10
per cent duty on imports in foreign bot
toms, as foreshadowed in Governor For
afcer's statement published this morning.
The language of the platform is de
scribed as forceful, alliterative and full of
catchy phrases, such as are calculated to
brine down the house. All the talk among
the advanced silver men to-night is of
bolting after their minority free-silver re
port from the committee on resolutions is
voted down, as, of course, it will be.
GOLD MEN GAINING.
Their Strength Increasing Among
Northwestern Dele
gates.
ST. LOUIB, Mo., June 15.— The gold
men are steadily increasing their strength
among the Northwestern delegations,
which were supposed to be favorable to a
bimetallic standard.
Proof of this was shown to-night in a
linancial plank which was drafted by
Governor Merriam of Minnesota and sub
mitted to Mr. Platt of New York as em
bodying the views of the Western McKin
iey men.
This plank is identical with the resolu
tion adopted by the New York delegation
to-day, which declares for the main
tenance of the present gold standard and
The San Francisco Call.
condemns the free coinage af silver ex
cept by international agreement.
It contained an additional provision,
however, that the silver now in circula
tion shall be maintained at a parity with
gold. This is understood to have been in
serted with a view to satisfying the friends
of silver that no attempt will be made, in
the event of Republican success next No
vember, to degrade silver.
Mr. Platt sent for Senator Lodge of
Massachusetts and Messrs. Quigg and
Lauterbach of New York, and other gen
tlemen during the course of the evening,
and consulted with them regarding Gov
ernor Merriam's proposition.
There was a unanimity of expression
among those who were consulted that the
parity clause should be eliminated, and
this being done it was returned to Gover
nor Merriam for his approval.
The above picture is reproduced from a sketch made for "The Call" by J. Kahler on Wednesday evening last on the occasion of the dedication of the big hall. There
were 15,000 persons gathered on the occasion. The view will give an excellent idea of the appearance of the hall when the convention is opened to-day. By consulting the
ground plan printed on the second page of ** The Call" this morning the reader will be able to understand the interior arrangements and how the great space is divided.
The Ohio managers of Mr. McKinley
deny all knowledge of Governor Merriam's
plank, and say that it is but one of many
tentative propositions which have been
advanced and which must be referred to
the committee on resolutions.
They themselves have acquainted Gov
ernor Foraker with their wishes ana he
will be prepared to represent them when
the committee meets. It is an open
secret at Ohio headquarters that
they do not wish the word "gold"
to appear so prominently in the platform
as has been suggested in some quarters.
They will agree to a declaration that the
money of the country shall be as sound as
gold, or some similar expression, but they
are ill-disposed to make the statement
broader.
There is a manifest purpose on the part
of the anti-McKinley men to delay the
nominations as long as possible. It is
whispered about the Southern Hotel
at midnight that some of these
gentlemen entertain the hope that
by prolonging the contest a belter oppor
tunity will be afforded of presenting a
stronger front to the McKinley forces.
One of Mr. Plan's lieutenants
at midnight informed a United ' Press
reporter that they would stubborn
ly oppose the formation of the committee
on resolutions until the committee on cre
dentials had made its report and it had
been acted upon by the convention.
Their contention is that until
the convention has ta*en cognizance
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1896.—
of the contests it would be manifestly im
proper to construct the committee on reso
lutions. Their programme is to devote
the first day's session to the temporary or
ganization and the formation of the creden
tials committee.
The second day they desire the conven
tion shall consider the committee's report,
and when this has been done an adjourn
ment is to be taken in order that the third
day may be devoted to the platform, thus
carrying the nominations over until Fri
day.
The McKinley men say in answer to
this that representing a large majority of
the convention they will cut out the work
to suit themselves without submitting to
the dictation of the minority.
SENATOR ALLISON TALKS.
Confident That His Party Will
Adopt a Cold Standard.
CHICAGO, 111., June 15.— Senator Alli
son passed through the city yesterday on
his way from Washington to Dubuque.
He was averse to discussing the political
situation, and especially his own candi
dacy, as well as the probable nominee of
the St. Louis convention, and dismissed
the latter subject by saying the nominee,
whoever he might be, would unquestion
ably be elected.
He talked freely, however, concerning
the probable financial plank of the plat
form, and expressed the opinion that it
would be a clear-cut declaration for the
maintenance of the present gold standard.
He said it was practically assured that the
Democratic party would come out for the
free coinage of silver at 16 to 1, and noth
ing remained for the Republican party to
do but to take a bold, unequivocal stand
in opposition to it and in favor of the
maintenance of the present standard.
The Republican party, he said, was not
an enemy of silver, but had always stood
for as extended use of it as was consistent
with a maintenance of the parity between
the two metals. Under its rule, he said,
silver had attained to an extensive use,
and the Republican party favored tnis use
so long as it did not seem to be a menace
to the existing standard.
" Free coinage at 16 to 1, however, with-
THE CONVENTION AUDITORIUM IN ST. LOUIS.
out an international agreement," he said,
" simply means silver monometallism,
and the Republican party will never con
sent to be a party to such a crime against
the financial and industrial forces of the
country. The great business interests
of the country, to which it has always
been an unswerving friend, looks confi
dently to it now to take its stand un
equivocally for the maintenance of an
honest dollar, and it would be false to its
glorious record if it failed, in however so
slight a degree, to fully meet these ex
pectations-
"There can be no doubt, either, as to
how the masses of the Republican party
feel on this question. They feel that the
party is facing another great crisis in its
history, and tney are eager to see it and
face it with the same fearlessness with
which it has faced the many momentous
problems of the past. I have no fears my
self, therefore, as to what the St. Louis
convention will do, and 1 believe its action
will meet with the indorsement of the
great business interests of the country in
dependent of party affiliations.
"The convention will probably declare
for a tariff which will afford the Govern
ment sufficient revenue to meet its ex
penses as well as afford adequate protec
tion to American industries. It will, also,
undoubtedly declare for reciprocity, which
was productive of such beneficent results
to the commercial and manufacturing in
terests of the country. On these lines, I
think, the Republican party will march
forward to a glorious victory in the com
ing campaign."
Congressman "Bob" Coußins of lowa,
who attained National fame through his
recent speech on Minister Bayard, passed
through the city yesterday afternoon, on
his way from Washington to St. Louis.
He said lowa was still loyal to Senator
Allison, but admitted with a smile that it
looked very much like McKinley. He
thought there was little doubt that the
convention would declare clearly against
free silver.
Congressman S. M. Stephenson of Mich
igan was here, en route to St. Louis. He
does not fear that a gold platform will
cause the loss of Michigan to the Republi
cans. He is confident that any defections
will be more than made up by Democratic
votes.
TALKED TO MERCHANTS.
Chauncey M. Depew Addressed
Many Business Men.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 15.— Chauncey
M. Depew this afternoon addressed 3500
merchants of St. Louis on the financial
question. Every reference to the main
tenance of the gold standard was received
with hearty applause. To-night Mr. De
pew addressed a meeting held at the
Auditorium under the auspices of the
Grand Army of the Republic for the bene
fit of the Missouri Soldiers' Home. It was
an enthusiastic audience and estimated at
nearly 10,000. His address was mainly in
eulogy of the G. A. R.
HAS SQUARED HIMSELF.
Manley Will Not Be Disciplined by
Maine Delegates.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 15.— The feeling
of resentment against Joseph Manley,
which was intense among the Maine dele
gation when they arrived yesterday, has
perceptibly decreased.
Mr. Manley met the issue with charac-
I teristic frankness. He told his Maine
i friends that he had mace a mistake.
"It was not a crime," he said, "it was a
blunder."
He then explained the spirit in which
his published statement that McKinley
was likely to be nominated was written.
After its publication he saw now easily
it could be misinterpreted, but it waa then
too late to correct the error. The leading
members of the delegation discussed the
matter informally after their conference
with Mr. Manley, and his explanation of
the incident was fully accepted by them.
To-day few if any of the delegation will
admit that Mr. Manlay was influenced by
improper motives, although there are not
wanting those who feel that in some way
Mr. Manley should be "disciplined."
These, however, are in the minorily.
The majority believe that Mr. Manley
has been sufficiently punished, and they
are not disposed to degrade him in the
eyes of his friends by asking his with
drawal from the National Committee, for
which place he was informally agreed
upon a fortnight ago. The indications are
that the incident will be passed over with
out action or further comment.
CREDENTIALS COMMITTEE.
An Impartial Hearing to Be Given
All Contestants.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. June 15.^The plan to
avoid a hearing of contests in the commit
tee on credentials by adopting as a whole
the temporary roll adopted by the Na
tional Committee is not likely to succeed.
A number of the members of the cre
dentials committee said to-uieht that they
were in favor of giving a limited but im
partial hearing to such of those unseated
by the National Committee as desired to
make a presentation of their cases.
Some of the minor Texas and Missis
sippi contests will not be pushed, but the
Mississippi, New York and Delaware
cases will, it is expected, occupy so much
time that it will be impossible lor the com
mittee to make its report before Wednes
day night at the earliest The effort to
bring about a caucus of all contestants
failed of success, the Delaware and New
York people deciding that nothing waa to
be gained by it.
WILL NOT COMPROMISE.
Higgins and Addlck Forces Will
Not Affiliate.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 15.— Reports of a
compromise between the Higgins and Ad
dick forces in Delaware are aenied em
phatically by the Higgins men, who say
they are either entitled to complete rep
resentation or to nothing, and will accept
no half-way measures.
NEW NATIONAL COMMITTEE
Members Who Will Serve for the
Next Four Years.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., June 15.— The new Na
tional Committee, as far as perfected to
night, follows, the selection of the mem
bers having been deferred until to-morrow
or later:
Alabama, William Youngblood; Arkan
sas, Powell Clayton; California, J. D.
Spreckels; Connecticut, Samuei Feseen
den; Delaware, Edward Addicks; Florida,
E. R. Cumby; Illinois, T. N. Jamieson;
Indiana, W. T. Durbin; lowa, A.
B. Cummings; Kansas, Cyrus Le
land Jr.; Kentucky, J. W. Yerkes;
Maine, Joseph Manley ; Maryland, George
L. Wellington; Massachusetts, George H.
Lyman; Michigan, George L. Maltz; Min
nesota, L. H. Hubbard; Missouri, R. C.
Kerins; Nebraska, John M. Thurston:
New Jersey, held for Hobart if
not nominated Vice-president ; New
York, Fred S. Gibbs; North Carolina,
James E. Boyd; Ohio, Charles L. Kurtz;
Oregon, George A. Steele; Pennsylvania,
Matthew S. Quay; Rhode Island, General
C. R. Bray ton ; South Dakota, A. B. Kit-
tridge; Utah, O. J. Saulsbury; Virginia,
Geonre F. Bowden; Washington, P. C.
Sullivan; Wisconsin, Henry C. Payne;
District of Columbia. Perry Carson; Okla
homa, Henry E. Asp.
MAGUIRE COMING HOME.
The Judge Is Highly Pleased With the Posi-
tion of the Railroad Funding
Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 15.— Judge
Maguire left to-night for San Francisco.
Speaking of the funding bill, he said it was
in the best possible position for which the
people of California could have hoped.
"It is tied up in the House, with a very
strong sentiment against it, and in the
Senate it is in a position where a deter
mined filibuster can certainly defeat it
during the short session.
"It was beaten by persistent opposition
upon all possible grounds and by the pow
erful showing made by The Call and
other papers and of the universal senti
ment against it on the Pacific Coast. Our
fight hasbeen from the beginning against
taking any action in Congress on theques
tion, holding that the present law is suf
ficient for foreclosure.
"The Huntington people "have been very
anxious to have us admit that some legis
lation is necessary and upon this admis
sion to go before Congress and try conclu
sions against their powerful and secret
influences. In my opinion the failure of
the funding bill to get consideration in the
first session makes its defeat certain so far
as this Congress is concerned."
SILVER MEN WILL NOT BOLT
Though They Foresee Defeat They
Will Remain in the Conven=
tion to the End.
FREE COINAGE WILL BE INSISTED ON AND
NO COMPROMISE ACCEPTED.
Senator Teller Says McKinley Cannot Carry a
Single Silver State in the West on a Plat
form That Declares for Gold.
UNITED PRESS HEADQUARTERS,
SOUTHERN HOTEL, ST. LOUIS, Mo.,
June 15. — There will be no dramatic exit
from the National Convention nor will
there be held any separate convention by
the free-silver Republicans. The Western
men foresee defeat and will accept it as
philosophically as possible, althoueh not
without vigorous protests, both here and
at home.
No. formal conference of that faction of
the party was held to-day, but Mr. Teller,
wherever he has happened to be, has been
a magnet that attracted every silver man
in St. Louis. The private talks he has had
with those who helieve with him have
convinced him that the silver tlement of
the party is in deadly earnest and will not
accept anything short of a clear-cut and
unequivocal declaration for the free and
unlimited coinage of silver at the ratio of
16 to 1-
"The managers of Major McKinley's
campaign are conducting themselves in a
fashion that, to speak mildly, is foolish,"
said Senator Teller this evening. "Do
they think that the voters of the silver
States are to be misled by any catchpenny
phrase they may insert in the platform?
To believe thus is an insult to the integ
rity of the people of the We?t.
"It matters nothing to us whether the
word 'gold' appears in the platform or
whether the effort is made to slide under
the terms 'existing standard.' Everybody
knows they mean the same thing and our
people would have infinitely more respect
for the Republican party if it came out
plainly for gold instead of foisting upon
them a miseraDle straddle. We have re
spect for those who are opposed to us and
who boldly assume their position. But
with parties, as with men, respect disap
pears and we have nothing but contempt
for those who have not the courage of
their coovictions."
Mr. Teller has called a caucus of the
free silver members of the committee on
resolutions for to-morrow evening. He
recognizes the fact that the silver men are
in a hopeless minority, but they will go
over the ground as carefully as though
they controlled the situation. Knowing
they are to meet defeat, plans for the
future will doubtless be discussed.
When it comes to a meeting of the com
mittee a Diauk ueciarinc for free coinage.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
as interpreted by Mr. Teller, win be sub
mitted by him. This, of course, will be
voted down. A compromise will then be
offered in 'the shape of a proposition to
coin the American product only.
This, too, will meet the fate of the more
advanced proposition. It is not improba
ble that a third proposition promising fu
ture legislation favorable to silver will be
submitted, the silver men not abandoning
hope until every offer has been rejected.
The fight will then be carried into the
convention. Possibly these same proposi
tions may be submitted there; they cer
tainly will be if the chairman of the con
vention will entertain the motion. If the
financial plank becomes a subject for
debate, as it is believed it will, Sena
tor Teller, Senator Dubois, Congressman
Hartman and several other of the silver
leaders will make brief speeches outlining
their position and warning the convention
that any plank, however it may be
worded, other than a free coinage declara
tion will cause the defeat of the ticket in
every silver State in the West.
It is understood that while Mr. Teller's
speech will be earnest to the point of in
tense vehemence, he will not then and
there bolt the convention and leave under
the dramatic circumstances that have
sometimes been pictured.
His speech, however, will represent the
views of every silver delegate to this con
vention, and it is possible, even probable,
that the silver men will refrain from fur
ther participation in the business of the
convention.
The most prominent of the silver leaders
is to-night authority for the statement that
no convention or meeting separate from
the National Convention will be called on
benalf of the disappointed silver Republi
cans. What may be done, however, in the
future, is still undetermined.
The action of the convention in denying
the demands of the silver men will not be
permitted to go without official protest.
A declaration is to be prepared betting
forth the views of the silver men
and warning the country of the sure dis
aster to follow the adoption of the plat
form agreed upon the election of a Presi
dent plegded to either a gold standard or
the present order of things. The rough
draft of this manifesto was the subject of
several conferences to-night.
TRAFFIC IN SEATS.
Scalpers Place Tickets on Sale at
Fancy Prices.
CHICAGO, 111., Jane 15.— A special
from St. Louis, Mo., says: It having been
announced that Sereeant-at-arms Byrnes
would distribute the tickets for the con
vention Monday night his rooms yester
day and to-day were crowded with men
who thought their influence was at least
sufficient to secure an ent-ance to the hall
for themselves and possibly a friend or
two. After about 500 such individuals had
visited Mr. Byrnes he had made a distinct
reputation for "cold-bloodedness."
All the extra tickets have been secured
by the men who are in control of the con
vention and the nomination bids fair to be
made in, the presence of a large gathering
of "'original" McKinley men. There are
11,000 and more seats in the convention
and the McKinley managers discovered
that the local committee was making away
with these in a hurry, so they took tiie
matter out of its haniis. Then it was that
the taking care of the original McKinley
men began.
Sergeant-at-Arms Byrnes figured closely
when he allotted the tickets for the con
vention. He has just enough seats in each
State delegation for the delegates and the
exact number for the alternates in the
sections reserved for tnem. The National
Committee, in deciding the contests, has
given to several contesting delegations
half a vote apiece.
The sergeant-at-arms had a force of
men enter the convention hall to-day to
rearrange the chairs so that the half-vote
men could oe accommodated.
Mr. Byrnes so arranged that the mem
bers of the National Commutes would have
to take the brunt of the importunity of
the ticket-seekers. He made the allot
ment of each State up in a package, and
this was given to the National Committee
men; then they received requests and
made enemies.
There are a good many tickets to the con
vention already being offered for sale
around the city. The scalpers explain to
their applicants that while the ticketa
have not yet been distributed they have
positive assurance that they will be able
to meet all orders. Some of the choicest
seats in the convention hall are being
placed on the market. The Business
Men's League, which built the convention
hall, secured 3000 tickets from the Na
tional committeemen. These have all been
placed on the market at the unilorm price
of $40 apiece. Each of the delegates has ■
been given three tickets and each alternate
two. Some of these have already begun
cutting prices with the Business Men's
League. They are offering admission to
one day of the convention for $20. The
brokers are^ doing a rushing business, al
though the crowds have only begun to
come in earnest.
"We have for sale no regular delegate
seats," said a ticket-broker. "I can give
you alternate coupons for one, two or three
admissions for $20 a day. That is, you
must buy the three sessions. You can have
a seat in the session devoted to alternates
dor $20. If there is only one session on
that day that you want to attend you can
bring the remaining two coupons to us
and we will see what can be done. If we
sell them quick, all right."2
GROUND PLAN OF THE CONVENTION AUDITORIUM.
The accompanying diagram will enable the readers of The Call, when compared with the large picture on the preceding page,
to thoroughly understand the interior arrangements of the Convention Hall. The delegations will be seated in the order follow
ing: Beginning at the northwest and fronting the Speaker's stand, and to the west of it will be Alabama in the front row, and
behind, in the order named, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida,
Georgia, Idaho, lilinois, Indiana, Indian Territory, lowa, Kansas.
Center row, North Carolina first directly in front of the speaker's stand and followed by New York. New Mexico, New Jeisey,
New Hampshire, Nevada, Nebraska, Montana, Missouri, Mississippi, Minnesota, Michigan, Massachusetts, Maryland, Maine,
Louisiana, Kentucky.
Third row, North Dakota in front, a little east of the speaker's stand, followed by Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin,
Wyoming.
The speaker's stand is on the north side of the building, opposite the middle entrance from the City Hall grounds. On the
l>latform seats will be provided for the members of the National Committee, one from each State and Territory, and for dis
tinguished guests.
To the east and west of the speaker's stand, extending the whole length of the main floor of the spectators' galleries are the
seats reserved for the press representatives. In addition to the newspaper correspondents the United Press will have a corps of
stenographers and reporters. On the east and west of the speaker's stand and adjoining the press is the quarters reserved for the
telegraph companies.
GLAD TO
SEE THEM
California Delegates Flatter
ingly Received in
St. Louis.
AWAITED BY A BRASS
BAND.
Crowds Cheer the Westerners as
They March to Their
Hotel.
CAUCUSED AT CALIFORNIA
QUARTERS.
John D. Spreckels Is Chosen to Act
en the Coming National Ccm
mitte.
The Calls Headquakters,|
Southern Hotel, \
.St. Lotus, Mo., June 15. )
The old Mississippi River was simmering
in the pouring rain when the train bearing
the California delegates pulled into the
union depot at half-past 9 this morning.
A large crowd had assembled for the
purpose of seeing the boys from California,
and the Grand Army band of Canton, Ohio,
numbering sixty pieces, was there to re
ceive them, by special request of* Marcus
Aurelius Hanna.
This band is a combination of brass and
reed instruments and is one of the finest
musical organizations in the United States
As the train rolled in the band played
"Annie Laurie" in quick time and the
HENRY CLAY EVANS OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. Evans is one ofVthe Vice-Presidential possibilities. Although
an Illinoisan by birth, in manner, bearing and conversation, he is
quite Southern in appearance. lie is a little above medium height, of
dark complexion, of slender build, and his face is adorned with a mus
tache and a goatee. His carriage is erect and dignified, while he is
affable even to cordiality in manners, and a brilliant and witty con
versationalist. It is said by his friends that if Mr. Evans fails of a
nomination for Vice-President he would be willing to accept the posi
tion of Postmaster-General in President McKinley's Cabinet.
! clarinets squeaked and squawked up and
down the chromatic scale, to tha great
delight of the crowd.
As the delegates disembarked they were
• cheered agaia and again and were bidden
, a right royal welcome to the convention j
city. Then they formed in twos and, shel
tered by umbrellas from the pelting rain,
inarched up Olive street to Broadway and !
down Broadway to the Southern Hotel.
The soul-stirring music of the big band j
i drew a great concourse to the sidewalks on
Broadwa}', and the Caiifornians marching !
, bravely in the mud were cheered at every |
1 step. Flags and streamers fluttered- from
the tall buildings on each side, giving the
street a holiday appearance.
When the parade arrived opposite the
: courthouse, Count Hacquette, who has a
j brother in the liquor business in San Fran
| Cisco, ran into the street, hat in hand, re- I
j garaless of the rain and shouted : "Hurray \
for California."
The cheers were given with a will by the |
crowd.
There was so great a jam in front of the
hotel entrance that it was with difficulty
that the band was able to force Its way
into the building, but when it got inside,
; still continuing to play "How Annie Lau
j rie gave McKinley her promise true,"
there was a burst of cheering.
The grand staircase was cleared by the
j police and the delegation marched into
the California headquarters, where they !
; received the congratulations of friends, i
Among those waiting to welcome them j
were U. S. Grant of San Diego, Congress- |
man Grove L. Johnson and S. C. Hillborn.
After an interval of rest and conversa
: tion with friends, who dropped in by the
score to gaze at the delegates, the doors ;
were closed and the delegation held a j
caucus, which resulted in the follow- |
j ing appointments: National committee" j
man, John D. Spreckels; member of
committee on platform and re^olu- |
tions, A. B. Lemmon of Santa Rosa; !
member of committee on order of- busi
ness, O. A. Hale of San Jose; member of
committee on rules and permanent organi- i
! zation, Frank H. Short of Fresno; mem- j
; ber of committee to represent California j
in notifying the president of his nomina
| tion, Frank Miller of Riverside; vice
| president of the convention for California, ;
[ U. S. Grant of San Diego.
The arrivals are John D. Spreckels,
; George A. Knight, Ulysses S. Grant and
i Lionel A. Sheldon, delegates at large;
I Allen B. Lemmon, Daniel T. Cole, Grove
'. L. Johnson, Jacob H. Neff, Charles M. I
Belshaw, William S. Parker. S. M. Short- !
: ridge, A. W. Montague, William Cluff, O. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTTtfE 16, 1896.
A. Hale, Harvey Lindley, Frank H. Short,
delegates.
The alternates who came are George
Stone, D. E. Knight, Frank D. Ryan, E.
C. Voorhles, A. S. Mangrum, F. P. Flint,
W. H. McKettrick and Frank Miller.
Charles K. McClatchy of the Sacramento
Bee a^id E. H. Hamilton, the writer, came
also. The absent delegates are T. J. Fields
and H. H. Sinclair,
The absent alternates are James A.
Louttit, J. M. Gleaves, E. B. Holt, Jarces
T. Land, William Ash, A. J. Buckles, D.
K. McMullen, John L,. Koster and W. H.
Barnes.
Mr. Louttit *vas represented by Justice
Garoutte of the Supreme Court, Senator
Gleaves by Nathan Cole Jr., and Mr. Laird
by Thomas Flint Jr.
The delegation had a pleasant trip on
the way out, so pleasant indeed that some
of the members did not sleep more than
sixteen hours out of the ninety-nine con
sumed in the journey
To-day the finishing touches were put
6n the street decorations, and St. Louis
smiles in ribbons and flags.
It is difficult to make one's way along
the sidewalks so thick -are masses of
people coming in from the outer edge
oi town, ten or twelve miles away, in tne
streetcars to watch the clubs march and to
hear the Lands play. There are at least a
dozen fakers on every block along the line
of Broadway offering badges for sale.
Nearly all of these are for McKinley.
Everything seems to be McKinley before
the convention meets. There are McKin
ley walking sticks with the head of the
Ohio man done in American tin on the
handle, and McKinley hats and McKinley
buttons and McKinley newspapers for
sale very cheap.
The hotels are crowded to suffocation,
and the requirements of the pure-air law,
if there be any such law in St. Louis, are
being flagrantly disregarded. Four cots
in one small room will give some idea of
the situation in the first-class hotels, but
notwithstanding the discomfort the
charges are as high as though there were
four rooms to each cot.
Out in the cheap lodging-houses which
were glad to get 25 and 50 cents per night
for a room, with samples from Noah's Ark
thrown in, have placed in each room as
many cots as it will hold and are charging
$2 per night for each person.
The overcrowding has played havoc with
the Southern ard the Planter's Hotel.
Before the mob came they were elegantly
furnished.
The warm air circulating through their
spacious lobbies was at least pure and
breathable. If one does not pay too much
attention to the columns and the heroic
size bronze figures of the savage North
men guarding the grand staircase he
might easily believe himself to be in a
crowded cellar in San Francisco's China
town.
The sight is obscured and the eyes irri
tated with dust and tobacco smoke. Black
dust lies half an inch deep on the can
vassed floor with tobacco expectorations,
stumps of cigars and other foul litter.
In the crowded lobbies the air Is so
thick and poisoned that it fe*els like a re
freshing plunge into the Mississippi to
step out upon the sidewalk into the full
influence of this hammam bath climate.
The effect of this unnatural environ
ment is very trying UDon delegates and
others who have been here for several
days. They have stood in the lobbies
until 2 and 3 o'clock in the morn-
ing wagging their jaws and emit
ting therefrom articulate sounds, the
monotony being varied now and then by
a shout of "hoorah for McKinley!" until a
person really begins to grow very weary of
so much McKinley. It's McKinley for
breakfast, for lunch, for dinner, and Mc-
Kinley for supper at 2 o'clock in the morn
ing.
Even then you are not nd of McKinley,
for he goes to bed with you and wakes you
in the morning before you have had your
beauty sleep, to go out and wag your chin
for him. 1 have heard so much of the gen
tleman, with whom I have not the
honor of being acquainted, that I felt
really refreshed this afternoon when I
strolled into the New York headquarters
after the caucus and saw delegates put
ting on Morton button badges. For
a similar reason I was well pleased
to behold the enthusiasm of the
Maine contingent for Thomas B.
Reed, when they put an immense
oil portrait of him on the balcony of the
Southern, and at night blazed the letters
of his name in incandescent lights. Also,
I am pleased when I catch a glimpse of a
badge bearing the strong intellectual pro
file of Mr. Allison.
Senator Lexow ol New York is
heTe. He is the man whose name j
two years ago rang through every State,
in every village and town and along every
county road in the Jnited States as the
peerless exposer of political corruption in
New York City.
Contrary to the natural expectation he
is not a man of tall stature. We are ac
customed to associate great size wiih
great deeds, and this because of the
hereditary instinct from our savage an
cestors, whose great deads were battles
and contests of physical prowess, and the
winners of which contests were neces
sarily large and powerful men.
So when you-stumble over a small man
who has jJchieved greatness in politics,
and especially a conqueror of the strongly
intrenched hosts of corruption, and
against an organization so mighty as Tam
many Hall, you are likely to pass him by
without further notice, except to curse
him, if you are profane, for being the cause
of your stubbing your toe against his
pigmy personality.
Senator Lexow is about the medium
height or rather a little under it. He can
not weigh more than 125 pounds and his
narrow, stooping shoulders and thin neck
make him appear even lighter. The flat,
straight-brimmed hat so much in vogue
among the delegates does not impart any
dignity to his appearance.
His nose is small and straight, neither
aquiline nor retrousse; his ears are small
and symmetrical, his eyes blue and
his closely trimmed beard and mustache
are dark brown. Back of his ears
the silver lining of his forty-four years
of life has made its appearance and
there is no doubt that the terrible strain
and weight of tie responsibility of politi
cal upheavel, of which he was the head
and front, have darkened the brightness
of his prime.
That which struck me most forcibly was
the coolness and steadiness of nerve of the
man.
His eye is as clear as that of a marksman
on the prairies and his voice is low and
even. Such a man, I think, would stand
in front of a foe and return shot for shot
until he dropped in his tracks.
He answered the first question I asked
him as quietly as though he had been fore
warned of it.
"Speaking generally, what would you
suggest," I began, "to remedy corruption
in politics?"
"A higher degree of citizenship," was
the reply, ''a broader and more liberal
education."
This was putting reform many years in
the future. The Senator meant it, how
ever, for he went on: "The rule is true
that in the best educated districts, where
intelligence is highest and the appreciation
of education is greatest, there will be the
least corruption."
The Senator takes issue with Herbert
Spencer on this point, but he spoke from
his American experience. "Also in those
communities," continued the Senator,
"where wealth is more evenly divided a
higher standard of citizenship is observed.
"It has been said that the laws will be
sufficient, but you are not going to reduce
corruption by legal processes or by enact
ing laws. The only effective way in which
it can be done is by raising the civic pride
of the individual, and this by liberalizing
the education of the citizens."
The speaker went on to say that possi- j
bly the result of stringent legislation, |
which might diminish corruption so far as
one's own State was concerned, and the
safeguard which had been thrown around
the machinery of elections, would mitigate
any attempts to debase or debauch the
franchise very materially. S
"It was well understood," continued j
Senator Lexow, "before the day on which
the investigation was initiated, that cor
ruption ruled in more than one depart
ment of the city police system, but so long
as it remained unproved as a fact, people
doubted that there was a system in the
methods of corruption and abuse that ex
isted.
*'lt was not long before the revelations
which were made before the committee j
demonstrated that a perfect system hail
been established, permeating the police
department from the lowest to the highest, I
and the establishment of that as a fact
produced the political revolution that oc
curred a few years ago.
"Whatever else may have been the re
sult of that investigation, it is quite cer
tain that for a number of years a general
system of corruption will not prevail, and
it is very doubtful whether any perfect
system such as that which we found in
New York will ever again be organized."
In reply to questions as to the seeming
reaction which restored the Tammany
power the Senator explained that it was
largely due to the importation into the
campaign of the liquor issue.
Under the plea of personal liberty, the
cosmopolitan city of New York was stirred
to its depths and responded, but not in
any sense to the extent that bad been ex
pected by Tammany Hall or the Demo
cratic organization.
"It was a close fight at best," continued
the Senator, "for although the normal
Democratic majority was between 45,000
Continued on Fifth I'aar.
ALEXANDER C. BOTKIN OF MONTANA.
Mr. Botkin, who is the member of the National Committee from
Montana, is deprived of the use of his lower limbs and is wheeled
about in an invalid chair. His eye is bright, his mind active, and,
judging from appearances, one would judge him to be in robust
health.
PLATT WINS
THE FIGHT
He Is Elected Chairman of
the New York Dele
gation.
WARNER MILLER'S HOT
ATTACK.
McKinley's Fitness for the Ofice
of President Is Dis
cussed.
JOHN KAINES MAKES A WARM
RETORT.
Thurlow Weed Barnes Siys Miller
Came Into the Delegation With
a Knife.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 15.— There was a
wholesale washing of resolution soiled
linen at the meeting of the New ¥ork
delegation this afternoon. It began -with
a passage at arms between Chairman Lau
terbach and Anson G. McCook and was
followed by a sensational attack by
Warner Miller on ex-Senator Platt. Still
more sensational were the utterances of
Thurlow Weed Barnes and John Raines,
who unitedly spoke for Mr. Platt and who
pictured Mr. Miller as sneaking into the
delegation with a knife in his sleeve, and
as being, faithful in nothing and faithless
in everything. After this lively discharge
of personalities the delegation settled
down to business and named their repre
sentatives for the several convention com
mittees. Before adjourning a resolution
was unanimously adopted, favoring the
maintenance of the present gold standard
and opposing free silver except by inter
national agreement.
Cbauncey M. Depew rapped the meet
ing to order with a heavy walking-stick in
lieu of the customary gavel. William A.
Sutherland, the New York member of the
National Committee, won the thanks
of the little coterie of newspaper men
present, by offering a resolution that they
be permitted to remain during the session.
It was unanimously adopted.
The striking incidents which followed
were precipitated by Mr. Lauterbach,
who in a brief speech declared that while
the contestants who were seated by the
National Committee on Saturday last
should be permitted to remain in the hall
and vote, it should not be construed as an
indorsement by the delegation of the Na
tional Committee's action, but, on the
contrary, they should be regarded merely
as temporary delegates.
This brought Ansoh G. McCook to his
feet. Mr. Cook was manifestly opposed to
the patronizing tone in which Mr. Lauter
bach referred to the late contesting dele
gates. He said he had fought this battle
in the primaries and finally before the Na
tional Committee. Mr. Sutherland him
self made the motion that be and Mr.
Brookfield were entitled to their seats. If
the delegates wished to shut him out of
the convention, he would bow to their
will. He did not come here as a suppli
cant for his rights, but as a Republican
who had voted for every President from
Lincoln down to the present time. He
did not come in a factional spirit. Turn
ing to Mr. Lauterbach he passionately ex
claimed that he would accept nothing
from that gentleman but courtesy. He
aiked for nothing but what was right.
When Mr. McCook had finished, Mr.
Depew restored good temper by a humor
ous allusion to the proceeding of this
morning, and in this connection made a
personal explanation. He stated that he
was in bis his room preparing a speech,
which he proposed deliverine; to the
merchants of St. Louis, when Mr. Lauter
bach burst in with the announcement that
he (D^pew) had been selected as chair
man of the meeting. He supposed that
there had been a conference of the dele
gates and that the matter bad been settled
by them. When he arrived at the hall he
explained to Mr. Miller that his time was
limited and requested that the business be
expedited as rapidly as possible. He re
viewed the incidents of the morning meet
ing and asserted that he was interesied in
advancing Governor Morton's claims for
the Presidency. This assertion was greeted
with a loud cheer from the Platt men.
Owing to the differences in the delega
tions, however, 'he said he would not be a
candidate for the "post of chairman.
Then came the personalities. The pre
siding officer recognized Warner Miller,
who explained the circumstances under
which he had asked Mr. Depew to permit
the use of his name as a candidate for t!ie
chairmanship. He went on to say that
the question of personality was not in
volved in this matter. It made no differ
ence whether Depew, Platt or any one else
was selected- There were other consider
ations. Mr. Platt, whose name had been
proposed for the chairmanship, had de
scribed one of tha candidates for the
Presidency (McKinley) as unfit for the
office. He inquired dramatically if the
New York delegates indorsed that state
ment. If they did. they could make that
man their chairman. He would not con
sent that the New York delegation should
put any such stigma on Mr. McKinley
and if it were done, let them go home and
explain how they approved this infamous
characterization. He appealed to the
delegates to say whether they indorsed it.
How are these charges to be answered in
the campaign? he queried, turning on his
heel and, with a wave of his hand, in
cluding all those present. No man, he
asserted, could put him in such a position.
Why is it, he again asked, that Mr. Depew
is to be put down and the man who has
uttered these baseScharges, substituted?
Mr. Thurlow Weed Barnes replied for
Mr. Platt. He inquired sarcastically, who
was entitled to the greater honor, the man
who came out squarely and made his right,
or Mr. Miller who sneaked into the dele
gation with his knife in his sleeve. At
this point the Platt men arose and for a
minute or more applauded the speaker,
Mr. Miller meanwhile sitting calmly and
surveying the scene with a contemptuous
smile on his face. Mr. Barnes closed his
remarks with a declaration that he had no
apologies to make for supporting Mr.
Platt and that he personally did not fear
to meet the issue.
Mr. Depew at this point attempted to
soothe the ruffled feelings of the delegates
by announcing that the business before
the meeting was the election of a chair
man of the delegation. Ceneral Anson G.
McCook thereupon nominated Mr. Warner
Miller, while Mr. Platt was put in nomina
tion by Mr. Quigg. But the exchange of per
sonalities was not so easily closed. State
Senator John Raines had something to say
and he said it with a force and vigor and di
rectness of expression that caused the dele
gates to break into cheers of approval
again and again.
Turning to Mr. Miller and shaking his
finger almost in the latter's face Mr.
Raines characterized the ex-Senator as the
representative of the kickers of New York;
as a man who sought the place of delegate
at large to oppose Governor Morton. He
did not approve of Mr. Miller's course.
Mr. Miller might regard it as an exhibi
tion of courage. In his (Raines 1 ) opinion
it was an exhibition of downright fool
hardiness. Advancing a step toward Mr.
Miller, and addressing his remarks to that
gentleman, he inquired when it was that
Mr. Platt bad said that McKinley was
unfit and incomperent for the office of
President. He challenged the correctness
of the statement and asserted, while the
Platt men cheered him to the echo, that
Mr. Miiler nad misrepresented their
leader. What Mr. Platt did say was that
a gentleman who aspired to the Presidency
should announce bis position on the money
question. In one part of the country he
was quoted as holding certain views, and
in another part of the country he was
quoted as holding opposite views. What
Mr. Platt wanted was a correct definition
of Mr. McKinley's financial principles.
He charged Mr. Miller with being faith
less in everything and faithful in nothing,
and was again loudly cheered, when he
declared in conclusion that whoever might
be nominated, whether it were McKinley
or any other gentleman, he would have
the united support of all the loyal Repub
licans of New York, including, he hoped,
even Warner Miller of Herkimer. Mr.
Raines' remarks so cleared the atmosphere
and so satisfied Mr. Platt's friends that
they were willing at this point to vote on
the question of the delegation chairman
ship.
Mr. Miller apparently had nothing fur
ther to'say, and the clerk began to call the
roll. Mr. Depew was loudly cheered when
he arose and . announced his choice to
be Mr. Platt, and the latter's friends ex
pressed further manifestations of approval
when similar votes were cast by Thomas
J. Bradley, who some weeks ago an
nounced that he would support McKinley
for President, and by Dewitt C. Middleton.
Of the 70 votes cast Mr. Platt received 53
and Mr. Miller 17, and again the Platt men
'(%-"■ Z-r.^: NEW TO-DAY. ...
■■•seioie ■•■•■•■• ■•■••■•■•
5 at 4 Pretty •
s ,-#?«>'¥s June :
lIMW Brides :
V /?7^ii>«r<" ■ 7\ V^-^ i*rP Find their way to Smiths' on Front BO
« -//' / \- ■ fjwW^T^T^ street, where they furnish pretty A
Wm /' ' \^ V**; ./ \ \ homes so cheaply. Their friends W
A iT f^jA <■-•' » V think them extravagant (not being mg
W ' fl roY?? aware of .the baby prices asked), i-f
__ . |l P^ A\\i Complete outfits from cellar to gar- frl
Rj . x ret. Furniture. Carpets, Stoves. ■■
• '^ /,•. » Utensils, etc;, etc., at a saving of 20 eg
A "Money Is such a talker." per cent to 50 per cent. Quality W
Some are mean enough to say that's why a and /.workmanship enter Into the I
13 woman's head la placed •on coins. We are bargain and courteous clerks assist ■■
A^ making it talk in a most effective way in the the shopper at - the • 'cheapest de- |M
V following list. - . pendable store in the city.''
H We've just cut deeply into Genuine Granite and Agate Ware. 9
& All are new goods, bvery piece guaranteed perfect. EQ
Hi PIE PLATES. FRENCH ' • ACME COFFEE POTS. go*.
■ 7or9lnch 10c COFFEE BIOOINS. ' ].t ' 50c I 3-qt 6Sc W
A -W 1-qt .....40c I 2-qt 65c | • 2-ot !!!!/. 65o 4-qt 80c m
W JELLY-CAKE PANS. | I^-qt. ..Bsc 1 3-qt 75c | . : 4 /V ' B
■ 9X% f 12% C i WINDSOR COVERED -kUy^^ P NC - A
2 TEAKETTLES. PRESERVE KETTLE. PRESERVE KETTLE.
9 1-qt sf>c|4-qt 80c 2-qt......25c|4y a -qt...50c '{;?} • : • ' !"> C 1 jHJ ?9° MM
_ 2-qt 65c|7-qt....fl 10 3i^qt ...45c | 8?|-qU..60c «%-0.t...25c | 8-ot 45c Hf
2? SKILLETS. ""' - JFRY PANS. EGO FRY PANS. A
M No. 6. ...25 c | No. 8. ...35 c '7-in......20c ! 9-in......30C Ho. 3... 15c I No. 7. ...25c ZL
Ko. 7....30 C 9....40 C 8-ln 25c 1 10-m ....85c K0."5...' 2J)c| No. 9. ...30 c Q|
H Don't pay more elsewhere. Above are Best Granite and Agate. A
0 "; We also carry Aluminum Ware at "Reduced Excursion Kates.'.'
■ "CRUSHED JAVA." PORK AND BEANS. ■
A '' A • First-rate Roast Coffee for the QAC In Tomato Sance. No. 2 (2- Ib) size. CC ©
~ -.money at a low price, Ib £\J ■ new, tin %J __
■ rpDFAI rnPPFF j CANNED SOUPS. ■
• WClVtirtU WUrrElUi  Cowdrey's Best, Brintanlex & Jo- "ICC A
B By the Fidelity Pare Food Com- -. lienne, 8-tt>.tin,..».-....;.; LO \J
pany. A healthiul substitute for . DIMPADDI P t5l
™ , coffee. Smooth taste; drinks OAC j ri^CrtrrL.C.. Kia
'^a well; 1b...... aiv/ I Eyeless and coreless, 2- Ib tins.... "I AC j%*|
■ FIDELITY SPICES. j PLUJVI PUbbiNQ. ®
Are fall-weight square tins, small OAC 1-Ib tall tins, each...... re B9
Sf 10c and n».. ..;..■ £\) ' 0
O . ■•■ • ■ ■ ■'■■ •■;■..■ ©
And It's "Downhill" Prices on Everything; Else at X
■ SMITHS' CASH STORE, ■
5| 414., 416 418 FRONT STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. ®
B Largest, Cheapest and Promptest Mail Order House on the Coast. E3
% WE HELP PAY THE FREIGHT EVERYWHERE. 0
■» V Order Your Flags, Lanterns and Bunting of Us. m
•■•■•■•■• ■•■• ■•■••■•■•■•■•
gave fresh evidence of their approval by
heartily cheering the announcement.
- With a view to placing the meeting on
record as favoring the gold standard the
following resolution offered by Mr. Quigg
was adopted : *
Resolved, That we favor the maintenance oi*
the present jyold standard and are opposed to
the tree coinage of silver except by Inter
national agreement lor bimetallism with the
leading commercial nations of the worid.
On motion of Mr. Quigg, Frederick S.
Gibbs was elected as the New York mem
ber of the National Committee, Edward
Lauterbach as tne number of the com
mittee on resolutions. William A. Suther
land on credentials, John T. Mottas vice
president in the convention, William L.
Proctor on permanent organization and
John Raines on the committee on rules.
Mr. Quigg moved that the delegation
use its influence to insure the insertion of
a plank in the platform calling for good
roads, which Mr. Depew regarded as an
appropriate suggestion, coming as it did
from the champion bicyclist of the dele
gation. Adjourned sine die.
CULLOM STAYS AT HOME.
He Will Not Attend the Republican
Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., June 15.— Senator Cul
lom arrived in this city to-day from Wash
ington, and departed for his home in
Springfield by the first train. The Sena
tor said:
"I am on my way home, and unless
there is some racket over the money ques
tion at St. Louis I shall not go near the
convention. I have no desire to attend,
and four years ago I saifl that convention
would be my last. I have attended nearly
every one in the last forty years. I find
Major McKinley well and in good spiiits."
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 15.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $lU3 7~>3,79. r >. The with
drawals for to-day were $491,700.
' •_. HEW TO-DAT.
* ■■ "^
EAGLESQN &CD.
A.T—
Factory Prices!
OUTING SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS, ,
FANCY SHIRTS,
WHITE SHIRTS,
SUMMER UNDERWEAR,
OU/CRTCDO
SWEATERS,
HOSIERY ETC. '
748 AND 750 MARKET STREET, i F. .
242 MONTGOMERY STREET, S. F.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO.
.;_ :..--.- SUMMER RESORT. _
1 .^A CAPITOLA.
£MSC£3^ss GEM resort.
KgMfcraSPJ 4 Miles Ka.t of
toiTgHia if Santa Cruz.
iwiMffi l'"~-lr. Hotel at water's ed ge :
i Hm | Tjjftj _jiiiiii)ii furnished and partly
.4 1 1 "j ■ furnish' d cottages : free
" '•'A if At. camp ground: salmon
l_ ! JiJII and trout fishing.
"""" 1 ■ F. REAMER, Supt.,
. Capitola, Cal.GOULD'S FOES UNITE ON RYAN
Los Angeles Democrats Spring a
Candidate for the Convention
Chairmanship.
HE WILL GIVE THE STOCKTON MAN A
HARD FIGHT FOR THE PLACE.
Foote Goes Over to the Chairman of the State Com
mittee, Whereat the Buckleyites Curse Long
and Loud — Factions Skirmishing
for Proxies.
The Call's HEAnorARTERs, )
614 X Stkeet, >
Sacramento, Cal., June 15. )
Judge W. A. Ryan of Los Angeles is the
man of the hour in Sacramento. He is
put forward by his friends as the only
man who can beat Frank Gould for the
chairmanship of the convention. He may
not be able to reach the place, but he has
at least given a bad scare to the adherents
of Gould. When the Los Angeles dele
gates arrived to-day they hoisted a neatly
printed banner on which was emblazoned
the legend:
: Headquarters of the Los Angeles delegation. :
; In room 64. •
Hon. \V. A. Kf an for chairman.
Judge Ryan was himself not disposed to
press his candidacy, but his friends would
not listen to his attempts at declination.
Judge Taney of Los Angeles spoke for the
southern part of the State in urging Jud^e
Ryan's candidacy, saying:
"We of the Southland are for any man
who is impartial. We know that there are
certain contests within the party that have
caused much rancor. Mr. Gould may be a
good man, but having become a partisan
i-i these schisms, we do not consider that
he is properly qualified to act with entire
impartiality. On that account we present
our candidate and trust that he may re
ceive the he deserves. He
deserves the support of every good Demo
crat, no matter to what faction he be
longs."
Thus the argument is passed along, and
the friends of Ryan say tliat if they don't
win they will give Gould the worst scare of
his life.
It was apparently only a little unim
portant conversation that was taking
place in the barroom of the Golden Eagle
Hotel this evening between Frank Gould,
the avowed candidate for chairman of the
State convention, and Andrew J. Clunie,
one of the most enthusiastic and active
supporters of the anti-Junta delegation.
But had this little confab terminated
satisfactorily to Clunie the situation that
now exists would have been changed in
most important particulars and would
have left the convention proceedings to
sail along in the smoothest possible man
ner. Jt was a last effort to bring about
harmony without a precedine condition of
war, but it failed absolutely.
The sudden rise of Judge W. A. Ryan's
star to-day put Gould and his adherents
on their mettle, and they lost no oppor
tunity of cementing and increasing the
strength of their leaders. Conciliation
■was the word, and so tactful were their
efforts that they induced that hard-headed
and bold-hearted fighter from Alameda,
Hon. W. W. Foote. to surrender horse
and dragoons. Foote is now out for
Gould without equivocation and without
reserve.
Taking advantage of this conciliatory
spirit that pervaded the Gould camp,
Andy Clunie looked up Gould, found him
holding up the bar in the Golden Eagle,
called him to one side and then put this
proposition squarely before him
"We will withdraw all our opposition to
your candidacy for chairman of the con
vention if you will agree to submit to us
the names of the gentlemen whom you
propoe to name as members of the com
mittee on credentials."
Gould backed and filled a bit, but being
brought back to a direct answer he de
clined to comply with the request of the
anti-Junta people. From this on until
the question of chairmanship is decided
the lines will be drawn and the battle will
be waged with all the fierceness and
energy at the command of all concerned.
Evening brought the first Teal burst of
life and whoop and the first real tug-of
xvar. Ryan's boom, which started early
in the afternoon, ran a gentle and uncer
tain course until near dinner time, when
the first sensation occurred. W. W. Foote
A Warm Day in Sacramento— Snap Shots at Prominent Delegates by a "Call" Artist.
made it when he declared himself for
Gould, and it became known that English
and Fitzgerald had got in with Foote on
the deal making Alameda solid for Gould.
Thit was a hard punch to the Ryan
boomers and Buckleyites, and signs of
alarm disappeared from the faces of the
Daggett-Gould-McNab hustlers. But still
everybody waited for the evening trains
and the re-en lorcements and the connubv-
ating of the night.
The whoop came at 8:30 o'clock, when
the San Francisco train rolled into the
depot, where the blare of a brass band and
a crowd of hundreds of people welcomed
the big crowd from the city.
The Iroquois clubs from San Francisco,
Benicia and Suisun poured out and
formed in iine with yip-yip-yip and much
hurrah. The Iroquois procession quickly
formed and up X street it went, with the
new Sacramento Iroquois Club and a band
for escort, and with tomahawks, Roman
candies and red-fire to help out the excite
ment.
Then the BucKleyites poured forth from
I train, too, in their strength. They came
150 strong, and they formed by twos be
; bind the Iroquois clubs, headed by Chair
| man Joseph Rothschild, Senator Donovan,
j J. C. Nealon, Henry Ach and other lead
ers. Each Buckley delegate wore a badge
;of ribbons and tin imitations of silver
| dollars, and the delegation marched
| proudly to its headquarters, near Seventh
, and X streets.
The Buckleyites found that the strag
gling Junta delegation had not come with
any outward show of force, and that they
liad no headquarters, and the, Buckley
force hurled itself en masse into the politi
cal gathering that overran the Golden
Eagle and the Capitol Hotel, across the
street, ana gave life to the sidewalks.
They made an impression by their num
bers and presence, and they knew it.
Their show of force itself helped to make
them something to be reckoned with.
The same train brought many members
of other delegations, and so all at once, at
about 9 o'clock, the majority of the dele
i gates and of the leaders were on hand and
■ the real anti-convention hustling broke
into full blast
But the anti-Gould people were at sea
\ and the Gould boomers had regained their
j confidence.
The Alameda flop had not helped the <
Ryan boom, and ii was waiting for the |
later night to f> gain its force. Among the
anti-Gould people were heard curses of
Foote, who was a few uours before their
idol. Attorney W. M. Gibson of Stockton,
who was one of the bitter enemies of :
Gould in the San Joaquin delegation for a
time, threw up his hands. Then he waited
for the Ryan boom to get going again.
"Foote says that he is satisfied that
Gould is not a Daggett man," said Gibson,
witn derision rfc his words.
"Foote was in and out, in and out, with
us, and now he is out," said Recorder '
Glynn, and he said more with suppressed ,
indignation.
- The Buckleyites cursed Foote sorely.
They said they regarded him as an in
grate. They had boomed him for months; !
they recalled how they had won friends j
for him and had boomed him for the
chairmanship. Now he had gone into the
camp of the enemy just at the critical mo- |
ment when a possibility of victory seemed j
in sight.
There was much speculation as to what I
transpired between W. W. Foote and
Frank Gould during the hour's private |
conversation which they had upstairs in the \
Golden Eagle late in the afternoon, but it j
was all speculation. People on both sides
assumed that a deal of some sort was con- !
summated whereby Foote and his friends !
are to be benefited and John Daegett is
not to be helped.
It seemed unlikely that it would any
particular relation to Foote's candidacy
for delegate at large, for he was absolutely
certain of victory there. It was thought
that the result might have a favorable in
fluence on the fight of his friend Lay
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LL^TFESDAY^JTTKE' 16, 189&
HON. FRANK GOULD, THE MAN OF THE DAY.
mance for delegate from the Third Dis
trict.
Others guessed, probably unjustly, that
Foote would have something to say about
the appointment of the State executive
committee, and that possibly the way of
the Senatorial aspirations might have been
slightly smoothed.
There was no hint of anything discred
itable in the slightest degree from any
body except a very few of the Buckleyites,
who spoke hasty words in their wrath.
It was simply assumed that Foote re
ceived assurances in behalf of himself and
his friends which were of course satisfac
tory and, politically considered, in every
way proper. Foote, however, did not
cease his cursing of John Daggett and his
declarations of hostility to him when he
went into Gould's camp.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
Few Democratic Delegates Swear
Allegiance to the Cause.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.— Susan
B. Anthony, Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper and
her daughter Harriet arrived to-day, com
pleting the equal suffrage delegation in so
far as its work before the Democratic Con
vention is concerned. They to-day ap
pointed the committee that will appear be
fore the platform committee, if their peti
tion is allowed, to plead the cause of
woman. They have received no encour
agement whatever from any source, and
while they continue to hope they do not
expect the same treatment from the State
Democracy that was accorded them by the
Republicans.
The women have established head
quarters in parlor 28, third floor of the
Golden Eagle Hotel. In the oflice and
about the hallways of the hotel are neatly
printed placards announcing that fact
and cards are distributed everywhere an
nouncing that "You are respectfully in
vited to call at woman suffrage head
quarters," etc.
Very, very few have so far accepted the
invitation. No delegation has done so as
a body, although two or three counties
have instructed their delegates to vote for
woman suffrage. Some four or five indi
viduals nave called, among them Gavin
McNab and Max Popper, both assuring
the committee that they were heartily in
sympathy with their cause. J. A. Filcher
of Placer County, manager of the State
Board of Trade, went up the elevator with
the intention of doing something of that
kind, but looking in and seeing a room
full of ladies he backed out under some
subterfuge. He was afterward led back
by a newspaper man and made his little
speech.
The threatened organized opposition of
women of the State has not developed any
showing whatever. A number of prom
inent women have, on the contrary, en
listed with the cause. The wife of Warden
Anil called at the equal suffrage head
quarters to-day and declared her active al
legiance. She said she would do all in her
power to assist the cause. Mrs. S. J.
Hanchell and Mrs. Frank Orcutt of this
city also dropped in and assured the com
mittee of their support.
The ladies are keeping close to their
headquarters and are not attempting any
personal canvass of the delegates. The
headquarters wear a forlorn appearance
as compared to the busy scene it pre
sented during the Republican Convention.
The Republicans manifested their appre
ciation of the ladies in a very marked
decree. •
"What we are particularly afraid of,"
said Mrs. Ida Harper, who acts especially
as the press committee, "is that we shall
be ignored— that is, that the platform
shall be silent regarding equal suffrage.
If the Democratic party is opposed to
equal suffrage we wish it to so say in its
platform. Then we shall know who our
friends are and who our enemies. We are
neither Democrats nor Republicans, re
member, in this matter of securing en
franchisement. We have personal bear
ings, to be sure, but they are sunk in the
one purpose before us. Very many promi
nent women of the State who have Demo
cratic predilections will feel it deeply if
the Democratic party does less for us than
did the Republican.
"We have petitions to present here with
the signatures of 40,000 residents of the
State over 21 years of ag \ asking for the
suffrage amendment to the constitution.
The signers are about equally divided as to
sex. The signatures have been collected
within the last three months.
"Alameda is the banner county in this
matter. Now, suppose Alameda County's
delegation here should place itself in oppo
sition to us. as it is intimated it will do, I
maintain that it does not represent the
sentiment of its people.
"The Republican convention was rather
taken by surprise by the strength of our
campaign. There was no organized op
position to us. We came down here with
the outspoken and unqualified support of
The Call. That was a great thing for
us. It practically amounts to the differ
ence between then and now. Had we the
support of some paper that is to the Demo
cratic party what The Call is to the Re
publican party you would not see this in
difference of the delegates to-day. Our
cause was adopted by the Republican con
vention with a rush. Since then six
weeks have intervened, and the opponents
of suffrage in the State— l will not say
what composes the opposition, but inter
ests that believe they will be injured by
the adoption of woman suffrage— have or
ganized and made a hard fight against us.
That explains the situation." •
Susan B. Anthony and Anna H. Shaw
will compose the committee that wil
plead the cause of suffrage before the plat
form committee, provided leave is granted,
which is reasonably certain, as the right
of petition is not yet abrogated. The la
dies will be heard and bowed out. There
will be no reference to the question in the
platform it is believed. In the convention
Gavin McNab will, perhaps, offer a resolu
tion of sympathy or something of the
kind, and it will receive a dozen or more
votes, and with that the matter will be
passed. Speaking of the matter to-night
Miss Anthony said:
"The question of suffrage seems newer
to the Democratic party than to the Re
publican. The Republican party has ap
proached the subject often, passing senti
mental resolutions at least. But the
Democratic party, with professions of be
ing the party of the people, cannot ignore
the rights of woman without being un
true to i's own faith. The adoption of a
plank favoring suffrage would not in any
event commit the individual voter, for he
would vote his personal convictions on
the subject anyhow. The value we at
tach to such declaration is the free discus
sion of the subject that it insures. It
would open the columns of the newspa
pers to it and the orators would talk about
it. That is all that suffrage needs to win
—that people understand it. I am cer
tain we will win this fall anyhow, but I
should think the Democratic party would
be glad of our aid in their contest."
HAMILTON FOR CHAIRMAN.
Placer Delegates Declare for the
Old War-Horse.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.— J. A.
Filcher, editor of the Auburn Herald and
manager of the State Board of Trade, and
the old Democratic war-horse, General
Joe Hamilton, headed the Placer delega
tion, which got in during the forenoon.
Filcher will be the representative of Placer
County on the new State Central Com
mittee.
Old Joe Hamilton ia known to every
Democrat in the State who has not jumped
into party activity within three or four
years. Hamilton was Attorney-General
of the State for two terms and has missed
but one convention in thirty years or
more.
On the way down the delegates dis
cussed the fuss about the chairmanship
and made up their minds that if the dele
gates kept on fighting at Sacramento they
would sprine Joe Hamilton for the chair
manship. The Placer delegation came
unpledged and undetermined about the
chairmanship and with a general prejudice
against Buckley, thougii without any par
ticular understanding or care about the
San Francisco contest.
"The delegates care particularly who is
chairman," said Mr. Fiicher. "They are
not against Gould, but they think that
the fight over the chairmanship is simply
a fight for power and plunder in San
Francisco, and they would probably favor
some good man who is not mixed up in
the fuss. They are against anything that
has Buckley attached to it, on general
principles."
It is on such material which comes roll
ing into town from all over the Siate,
made up of stanch, true and unprejudiced
men undecided about the fisiht, that the
anti-Gould people rely to swell their initial
strength to the necessary majority. It is
because there are so many such delegates
that there is any uncertainty about how
the big fight over the chairmanship, Dag
gett and the San Francisco contest will
break to-morrow. The friends of Gould
still contend that there is no uncertainty
in regard to his success, and it really
seems that they have good grounds for
their hopefulness.
It is said the Shasta delegation has also
prepared a sweeping currency plank which
it will ask the convention to make a part
of the platform. The plank reads as fol
lows:
Resolved, That we are in favor of the United
States Government coining every ounce of sil
ver mined within its borders at the ratio of 16
to 1, without any condition whatsoever.
HOSPITABLE CITIZENS.
Careful Preparations for the Care
of Delegates.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.— John
Markely, secretary of the State Central
Committee and member of the citizens'
committee on arrangements, was busy as
a nailer all day with important labors
which not many delegates thought or
cared much about. Markely has been the
leading authority in the work of prepara
tion for the convention whicu has been
done so well.
State Committee headquarters were
opened in the parlor of the Golden Eagle
in the morning, and during the day
chairmen of delegations filed belated cre
dentials, received badges and asked ques
tions. About forty proxies were filed dur
ing the day and many more will reach the
roll before the convention opens. Espe
cially careful arrangements for seating the
delegates have been made at the Pavilion,
in the vast interior of which the octagonal
muslin tent for the convention has been
put in order, with a seating capacity of
3000. Each delegation will sit next to an
aisle, and the delegations have been lo
cated so as to group them by Congressional
districts.
The people of Sacramento are display
ing hearty hospitality and careful atten
tion to their guests. Committees on halls,
music, accommodations, press, badges
and attaches have done their work care
fully. Accommodations are ready for the
.biggest crowd that may come. When the
convention is over the three conventions
will have cost the city about $3000. With
all the conventions Sacramento has paid
every dollar of party expense.
Chairman Willis, of the press committee,
is entitled to special consideration for the
attentions paid to visiting press represen
tatives.
Temporary clerical officers have b6en
provided without expense and they will
probably become the permenent conven
tion attaches. Most of tiiem have donated
their services. They include a secretary, a
chief clerk and four assistants, a sergeant
at-arms and five assistants, three porters
and four pages.
A big sounding-board has been placed
behind the platform ; the Pavilion is
prettily decorated, and the citizens of
Sacramento have done well thnir part to
make things pleasant for the big unpleas
antness.
The committee of citizens having in
charge arrangements for receiving and
seating the delegates has attended to its
duties in a manner that meets with the
approval of all visitors. William Beck
man is chairman of the general commit
tee. A. C. H ink son vice-chairman, J. O.
Funston secretary and David Lubin treas
urer. The sub-committees are as follows:
On attaches of the convention— John Mars
ley, Add C. Hinkson, William McLaughlln.
Auditing committee— David Lubin, William
Beckman, Add C. Hinkson.
On badges— A. J. Johnston, C. 11. Holmes, W.
P. Matbews.
To consult with Democratic Central Com
mittee—Add C. Hinkson, Dr. Mathews, Fred
Coz.
City decoration committee— J. A. Woodson
(chairman), with power to select members of
the committee.
Hall and decorations— T. H. Wallis, J. C. Ger
man, W. H. Govan.
On hotels and accommodations— E. W. Hale,
David Lubin, Herman Grau. L. M. Landbor
ough, A. C. Herrick.
On music— W. H. Douglas, R. T. Cobn, Bert
Kidder.
On the press— E. B. Willis (chairman), T. J.
McFarlard, C. K. McClatchy, W. J. Hassett,
J. B. Harris, W. B. Thorpe, Charles Schmidt,
J. J. Campbell.
Printing committee— C. T. Jones, E. S. Had
ley, Edwin F. Smith.
Transportation committee — William Mc-
Hello. Harry! Lone time since I saw
you last. Getting thinner and thinner,
eh? Ha! Ha! I'm going the other way
— weigh more and more every day. Roob
Bros, are the only people who can dress
us, no one else seems to have fits for fat
and lean men.
Special inducements this week
in extra large, extra lean and
extra stout men's suits.
See our line ranging from
$7.50 to $20— about half what
the so-called tailors ask.
500 pairs of Trousers — $4, $5
and $6 values, at
53.50.
This week. Regular and extra
sizes. Don't wait too long — you'll
miss it if you do. See display.
Send for samples and prices.
UiOOKSIHRIT.O.
The WorM Wide Wonder Worker
Again Extends the Healing
Hand to Failing Han.
GRATITUDE TO THE 6REAT HUDYAN.
Much Midnight Oil Burned at the Big
Institute by Eminent Physicians
to Benefit Mankind.
A Question not infrequently obtruding
ttselfupon the inquiring mind is this: Is
man degenerating— failing in vital force,
losing energy, lacking in that strong,
robust virile power which made the gigan-
tic gladiators of the arena such enviable
types of physical perfection, and. if so,
why? I give.it up. The solution of sucn,
a knotty problem would require a more
facile pen and subtle mind than I possess*,
so I will content myself with the broa<t
assertion that man is failing physically!.
But I also know that this failing may f>e
halted if the proper steps are taken and
taken in time.
I will try and tell how I first became \n-
troduced to the medical marvel of the B«*e
the great Hudyan.
While walking along Montgomery stveet
about two months ago I was accosted by—
as I supposed at the time— a perfect
stranger in so familiar and effusive a man-
ner as to betoken long "acquaintanceship.
I could see by the merry twinkle of his
full clear eye that he was enjoyingi ng my
embarrassment hugely. Concluding at last
he had had about as much fun at my ex-
pense as was consistent with street eti-
quette, I made bold to say, "Well, sir,
may I ask who you are, pray?"
"Wny ," calling me by name,
"don't you recognize your friemd Jack
?"
I seized his hand and stood paralyzed.
Was it possible tnat this was the same
man whom I had seen one short year
before a complete physical wreck, nervous,
irritable, melancholy, hair and eyelashes
gone, round-shouldered and ambitionlesa
— yet there could be no disputing the fact
that it was the same old Jack. But oh,
bow completely and miraculously reju-
venated. Why he looked like a gladiator
of the olden times, tall, erect, robust and
fearless; a sparkling eye and a firm grip.
The very embodiment' of marely strength
and beauty.
"Jack," I said, feeling somewhat dwarfed
in his lofty presence, "let us go and sit
down somewhere and you can tell me how
you discovered the famed rejuvenating
waters of Ponce de Leon ?"
When we were comfortably seated in an
adjacent cafe, he turned to me and admin-
istering a good rousing slap on my shoul-
ders, which nearly drove me through the
floor, said: "01dman.no mysterious or
Ponce de Leonism about it at all. Just
listen. You remember when I last saw
you, about a year ago, I was on the verge
of suicide. All the comforts of life had
been absorbed by my nervous and wasted
condition, and the end was near. One day
a friend advised me to go the Hudson
Medical Institute and try their celebrated
remedio-treatment— Hudyan. I went and
the wonderful result you see before your
eyes, and oh, my friend," and there were
tears in his eyes as he spoke, '"I bleas the
day I consulted the good 'doctors of the
Hudson Medical Institute and revere the
name of Hudyan.'' After listening to the
graphic account of his miraculous cure Dy
the great Hudyan I have no hesitancy in
recommending any man who may be suf-
fering from any of the many sapping dis-
eases of which men aie the victims, to call
on, or write to the HUDSON MEDICAL
INSTITUTE for testimonials, corner
StocKton and Market streets.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
MAGDEBURG
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, GERMAN {, ON THE 31ST
\J day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished,
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash. $750,000 00
ASSETS. "" ~
Real Estate owned by Company.... $390,511 25
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,058,178 03
Cash Market Value of ail stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,267,636 84
Cash in Company's Office... 6,179 &3
Cash in Banks 839,315 97
Interest due and accrued on ail
Stocks and Loans 18,636 64
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 233,689 23
Due by other Companies for Rein-
surances 779,553 46
Total assets $5,038,678 85
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense. $457,032 06
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less ...... , re-
Insurance 50 per cent 1,606,719 98
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
' nine more than one year ,
reinsurance pro rata 240,065 87
Cash Dividends Remaining Unpaid. - 1,113 50
All Other Demands Against . the
Company 268,219 57
Total liabilities. $2,573,160 98
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $3,599,321 M
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages...-. 49.651 81
Received for interest ana dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 90,033 94
Received for Kents... 26,493 65
Received for Policy and writing fees. 81,169 43
Received for Gain on Exchange 65,770 26
Received for Profit on sale of Real
Estate 26,526 44
Total 1nc0me...... $3,877.967 29
•-•'• EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
I (Including $805,225 41 losses of
previous years) * $2,631,399 12
Dividends to Stockholders.. 300,000 00
Paid or Allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 700,032 66
Paid for v Salaries, fees and other
• charges tor officers, clerks, etc. . 226,881
Paid for State, National and local
taxes...... 37,665 16
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures.:.-............ .... 131,660 45
Total expenditures.. $4,027,528 65
! Fire losses Incurred
during the year... 52,631,399 12
 ROBT. tschmarke, President.
• E. F. MIETHKE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th day •
Of March, 1896. - . . .., < ■
JULIUS MUTII, U. S. Consul at Magdeburg.
fiITTE & FRANK, Managers.
303 California St., S. F.
MmMWSf WILCOX COMPOUND
T| WILCOX COMPOUND
ANSV PILLS
"■* -Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Tak»
BOTODStltute. For sale by all druggists. 12.00. Ben*
4c tor Woman' » Safeguard. WILCOX SPECIFIC
CO., 218 SOUTH EIGHTH ST..PHILADA..PA,
■ COBMOFOIjITAN. •/ ;
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth «., San
Irancisco, Cal.— most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 51) Me .
day, according to room. Meals 26a. . Rooms, s*l
and 750 a day. Free coach to and tram Mm boteL
look for the com: a bearing the name of th» Uot>
mopoiiian Hotel. WM, JTAUJSY. rroprteut
NOTARY . PUBLIC.
riHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
V law and Notary Public, 633 Market st, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. fieiidoac« l&kl
VcllK. v Telephone, "Pin*" 2591.
34
Laughlin, J. W. Hall, J. L. Gillis, Samuel
Kfngsbury, J. W. Wilson, Peter Flaherty.
ENGLISH IS FOR GOULD.
Declares for the Stockton Man
Among: the Delegates.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.— Among
the arrivals this afternoon were W. W.
Foote and "Bill" English. They are al
most equally active and outspoken on the
street and among delegates, but English
draws the line at the line beyond his per
sonal and political friends — that is, to-
day he will not talk to newspaper men.
"Don't you see?" he says, "1 am a
Federal office-holder; I can't talk. The
currency question? Great Scott! that is
the very question I can't touch."
Immediately, however, Mr. English goes
forth among the delegates shaking hands
and saying the things that he believes
will be most effective. He declares to
them to-night that he is for Gould for
chairman, just like Foote.
ANDY CLUNIE OF SOLANO.
Anti-Junta Delegates Aro Skir-
mishing for Proxies.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.—Every
thing now points to a condition of war the
moment the convention proceedings open
to-morrow. Thus far the anti-Junta dele
gates have secured somewhere in the
neighborhood of fifty proxies from interior
delegates, and on that occasion Andy
Clunie will hail from Solano and J. H.
O'Brien from Santa Cruz.
These precautions have been taken so as
to make certain that the representatives
of the so-called Buculey delegation will
have a rieht to the floor. Their first move
will be to ask that the Junta delegation,
which is now on the temporary roll, be
stricken from it, and that neither of the
contesting factions from San Francisco be
given a voice in the convention until their
right to sit therein is determined.
This is a move that is widely and
strongly favored by the interior delegates,
who are disinterested and who claim that
any other course is likely to create a split,
net only in the Democracy of San Fran
cisco but in the entire State, and that, on
the otner hand, if such a course were fol
lowed there would be no cause on either
side for discord or dissatisfaction.
William M. Gibson is a delegate from
Stockton, the home of Gould. Speaking
of this phase of the situation this after
noon, Mr. Gibson said :
"I am decidedly in favor of the contest
ing delegations being excluded from any
participation in the temporary organiza
tion of the convention, in the interest of
decency. lam prepared, if no one else
does, to make a motion to that effect in
the convention. In regard to this matter
of contesting delegates, I hold that a man,
although he be elected chairman of a con
vention, should not act in the interest of
his friends and thereby do injustice to
others.
"Now, Mr. Gould has constantly reiter
ated his opposition to the seating of what
is Known as the anti-Junta delegation, and
if he is elected chairman of the conventi on
he has got to be able to overcome his prej
udice against the Buckley people, and ap
point a committee on credentials that is
just and fair, and one which will decide
the question on its meiits."
Many proxies were filed with Secretary
John Markeley this afternoon, and by to
morrow the indications are the number
will be between 75 and 100. About twenty
five of those filed this afternoon were
given by members of the two San Fran
cisco delegations. Others on file are as
follows:
Monterey County, John Irvine to W. W.
Foote; Solano, James Howard to A. J.
Clunie; Santa Cruz, Frank O'Neil to
James H. O'Brien; Trinity, Fred Beaudry
to I. L. Biake; Fresno, W. W. Hutcn
inson to W. D. Creighton, Henry
Tupper and E. R. Smith to G.
E. Church ; Santa Barbara, James
P. Donahue to C. E. Lapaillate;
Mendocino, J. A. Cooper to L. F. JLong;
Siskiyou, C. H. Nutting to H. B. Gillis;
Los Angeles, Luke Kelly to T. C. Cuddy,
Henry Kearney to G. F. Herr; Modoc, A.
J. Meyers to J. H. Stewart, J. M. Pierce to
J. H. Stewart; Ventura, Brice Grimus to
T. O. Toland; Ma'dera. E. J. Leonard to
Miles Wallace; Stanislaus, J. D. McPike
to L. W. Falketh; Mariposa, Louis Tra
bucco to C. B. Cavagnaro; Sierra, J. Hayes
to F. R. Wehe.
IROQUOIS POW-WOW.
Sacramento Young Braves Admit
ted to the Councils.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jane 15.— As
the train bearing the San Francisco
Iroquois Tribe of the Six Nations rolled
into the depot here to-night, it was greeted
by the warwhoop delivered in great shape
by the ambitious young warriors of Sacra
mento who, burning with eagerness to
enter upon the warpath, made the high
depot ring with the slogan of their tribe.
As soon as the visiting warriors had
gathered together their implements of
warfare the trail toward headquarters,
situated at the Golden Eagle Hotel, was
taken up, and, headed by the tomtoms
and other musical instruments of the
hand, the stalwart braves tramped lustily
toward the campfires of their brethren.
The route of march was brilliantly illu
minated by red fire and roman candles,
and the whoops of the excited warriors,
• who to-morrow light the council tire and
listen to the speeches of the sagamores
preparatory to entering upon the warpath,
drew from the wigwams a dense crowd of
admiring onlookers.
After a brief rest the City braves as
sembled in the council lodge, and the Ho
de-No-San-Nee of the tribes was cele-
brated. Raleigh Barcar, grand sachem
of the State, assumed the headdress
and oaraphernalia of his office and,
supported by Max Popper, grand
medicine man; J. D. RucHock, sagamore;
J. P. McLeroy, chief scout: J. D. Mer
rill, past sachem, and J. C. Gorman, State
organizer, started the council fire and
passed the pipe of peace, Judge W. A.
Henry of the local tribe acting as guardian
of the pipe. After the necessary prelimin-
Aries the aspiring and perspiring young
braves of the Sacramento branch of the
tribe approached the council lodge, and
the vigilant scouts gave notice of their
presence by stating that strangers were
spying around the camp.
When challenged the young braves said
they were members of a great tribe.
"There are but two great tribes," was
sternly retorted; "The ßepublican and the
Democrats. To which do you belong?"
"We are Democrats," was answered and
then arose the cries of all the denizens
of the forests, from the shrill scream of
the panther to the solemn hoot of the owl,
and the ambitious young braves hied
slowly into the council lodge and submit
ted to the torture test for the purpose of
displaying tneir endurance and bravery,
preparatory to starting out to gather scalps.
. At the close of the ceremonies E. G. Ely
was proclaimed sachem; Charles Hughes,
first warrior; A. Mazzini, second warrior;
J. H. Walker, custodian of the annals of
the tribe; George Randal, financial secre
tary; Frank T. Lyman, treasurer; H. M.
La Rue Sr., A. C. Hinkson, P. Kelly, D. J.
Manning and R. O. Cravans, trustees.
After a feast the warriors dispersed to
their wigwams, but for hours after the
forest re-echoed with the war-whoop of
scattered brav.es who had indulged in the
fire-water of the paleface.
DAN OSTROM'S AMBITION.
Would Co to Chicago as Delegate
at Large.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.— Senator
Dan Ostrom of Yuba, who has been men
tioned as a possible delegate at large, is
on the ground and is using ail his indi
vidual influence as well as that of his
friends to secure the honor of being sent
to Chicago. He stated in the course of a
brief conversation that there were only
two things that he desired to go to Chi
cago to see accomplished — one was the
passage of a resolution recommending a
change in the constitution of the United
States that would permit of an income
revenue tax being legally imposed, the
other was the adoption of a free-silver
plank in the Democratic National plat
form.
THE MUSE UNLEASHED.
John Daggett the Hero In a Fugitive
Screed of Doggerel.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.— A fugi
tive screed in doggerel was floating around
among the delegates to-night, tor which
no author could be found. Nobody sus
pected W. W. Foote of writing it, though
he would probably concur in the senti
ment so clumsily and inelegantly ex
pressed :
There's a man whose grave we are bound to
sink through,
Dig it,
He's dug it,
Daggett.
His political grave is in old Siskiyou,
Dig it,
He's dug it,
John Daggett.
It is rather early for the campaign poet,
but Democrats are proverbially forehanded
in such matters.
REIS FAVORS RYAN
Belleves Could Is Not Now In' an
Impartial Frame of Mind.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., June 15. -J. 0.
Reis of Contra Costa, one of the seven
delegates from that county, is in favor of
Ryan for chairman as against Gould and
believes that the other members of the
delegation feel the same as he does on this
question. They believe that Gould is not
in that frame of mind that will permit
him to act without prejudice in the mat
ter of naming the committee on creden
tials, who will presumably have the
settlement of the factional fight in San
Francisco.
BUDD WILL NOT ATTEND.
The Governor Yields to the Com
mand of His Physician.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.—Gover
nor Budd is not expected to attend the
convention, owing to the injury of his
knee at his home in Stockton.
"He is anxious to come to meet the
leading members of the party," said E. L.
Colnon, "but his doctor vetoed the trip.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1896.
FOOTE YIELDS TO GOULD
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June i^.—l have just had a long
interview with Mr. Gould, and he assured me that he is here
in the interest of no individual or clique, and I accepted his
statement absolutely. He will not be dominated by Mr.
Daggett or any of his friends in the appointments of com
mittees or otherwise. He will make all his appointments in
the interest ot the whole party, including members of the
State Central Committee, if he appoints any members of that
body.
My judgment is that the convention will be in favor of
a strong anti-monopoly plank in its platform, such as that
passed by the Fresno convention, with certain additions con
cerning the funding bill, which was not an issue' when the
action of the Fresno convention was taken. I believe the \
convention will declare for the unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1. I don't think the convention will stand
any straddle on the financial issue. If such an attempt is
made and is carried through the convention it will be fatal
to the success of the party.
I don't think the Democrats will take any action on!
the question of woman suffrage ; that is to say, they will
decline to favor it ; and the committee will have nothing to
say on it in the platform that is presented to the convention.
Of course the ladies will be accorded a respectful and
attentive hearing before the committee on platform, if they
desire it, and I presume that will be the case.
I expect the State and National administrations will be
indorsed ; the National possibly in a qualified way, on
account of Mr. Cleveland's attitude on the money question.
I think it was a mistake not to have called the conven
tion two or three days later, so that we could take advantage
of the mistakes which we expect the Republican convention
at St. Louis will make. They are all mixed, up now, and in a
few days more they will not know to which party they
belong. W. W. FOOTE.
He has declared that he would come any
how, but Ido not believe that his doctor
will let him."
Latest advices from Stockton confirm
the report that the Governor will not be
able to leave bis room for several days.
ATTACK ON GOULD.
A Buck'eyite Attempts to Thrash
the State Chairman.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.-Chair
man Gould of the State Central Comrnit
te came near receiving a sound thrashing
at the bands of Mike Tannien, an indig
nant and angry member of the Buckley
delegation, to-night on the corner of
Seventh and X streets diagonally opposite
the Golden Eagle Hotel.
There was a caucus of the Buckley dele
gation to-night at their headquarters in
Smith's Hall on the east side of Seventh
street, between X and L. It was held for
the purpose of taking final and determined
steps to secure rights to the floor of the
convention before temporary organization
waß effected.
The session began at 10 o'clock and after
considerable discussion it was decided to
appoint a committee to wait on Mr. Gould
and request him to have badges of ad
mission to the convention ball distributed
to the members of the Buckley delegation.
James I. Stanton, E. D Young, Charley
Hagcerty and Walter Gallagher were ap
pointed on this committee. They found
Mr. Gould, accompanied by Mr. McNab,
passing along X street, and just as they
were about to pass over to the Golden
Eagle M,r. Gould was informed that this
committee desired to see him on impor
tant business.
They stepped aside out of the hearing
of passer3-by and the demand of theßuck
leyites was then presented to Mr.
Gould. He denied their request and ex
plained that the Juntadelegation had been
placed on the roll and that only the mem
bers of that delegation would be given
badges and seats in the convention pend
ing the action of the committee on cre
dentials, and added that the Buckley peo
ple would not be allowed on the floor.
Eye-witnesses of the Buck.ey delegation
who were within earshot state that Mr.
Gould's manner was so -arbitrary and
offensive that one of their number,
Mike Tannien, could not restrain himself
and seized hold of Mr. Gould with the evi
dent intention of beating him. Before,
however, he could carry out hfs design the
members of the committee interfered and
peace for the time being was restored.
DEADLY WORK OF
A BANK-ROBBER.
Shoots the President and
Dangerously Wounds
Himself.
STOEY OF THE OFFICIAL.
A Stranger Entered His Office
With a Written Demand
for $6000.
UNDER THREATS OF DYNAMITE
The Banker Refused to Comp y and
the Shooting Immediately
Fo lowed.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 15.-About
12:30 o'clock this afternoon a stranger
who gave the name of Charles Clark, and
who was apparently about 30 years of age,
went into the New Amsterdam Bank, at
the corner of Broadway and Thirty-ninth
street. He asked for President George R.
Wyckoff and was admitted to his office.
A short time after he had entered the
office the clerks in the bank we.c startled
by hearing two shots fired in quick suc
cession, followed by cries for help. On en
tering the office both men were found
badly wounded lying on the floor.
An ambulance was summoned and both
men were taken the New York Hospital.
Wyckoff wa found to have been shot in
the side of the abdomen. The wound is
very dangerous, but the doctors say he
may possibly recover.
Clark also was suffering from a bullet
wound in the abdomen. His case is the
more serious of the two and there is little
if any hope for him.
According to the story told by Wyckoff
Clark presented a letter to him when he
entered the office.
It was written on a letterhead of the
Hotel Marlborough. It contained a de
mand for $6000 and threatened Wyckoff
with death unless he furnished the
money. It is also stated that the bearer
had a partner outside who had Wyckoff
"covered." If he made any alarm or re
fusea to give the money a stick of dyna
mite would be thrown into the bank that
would blow up the building.
President Wyckoff, after reading the let
ter, refused Clark the money and ihelatter
then shot him and tried to kill himself.
T c police believe Clark insane.
On the sheet of paper which the man
handed President Wyckoff was written:
"Wewant $6000; five $1000 and twossoo bills.
I will shoot you if you make a false move,
so be careful. My partner is outside and
has you covered. If you make an alarm
within three minutes after I leave here he
will throw a stick of dynamite through the
front entrance. Put the money in the
envelope; don't talk."
The note bore no signature. President
Wykoff, after reading the note, rose from
his chair ana said : "I can't do that at
once. 1 will have to consult the other of
ficials of the bant."
As he said this he walked toward the
door. He had got about twelve or fifteen
feet away from his caller, when Clark drew
a revolver and lired at him.
The ball struck President Wyckoff in
the abdomen. He staggered out through
the rear door of the room into the main
ro' m of the bank and made his way about
half-way to the entrance of the bank,
when he sank exhausted on the floor.
mil Cnucuii Until ltnylight.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., June 16, 1 a. m.-
At this hour many delegates are still in
secret caucus and from the indication the
argument will last until daylight. The
situation nas not changed materially since
midnight and the outlook is substantially
as out'ined in the earlier dispatches.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
STANTON UTTERS A THREAT
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.— We have assurances
from many delegates from the country that we will get fair
and impartial treatment. There are many who are of the
opinion that all local fights should not be brought to this con
vention, but should be settled in the localities in which they
originate. We came up here with the expectation of being
treated fairly, and we have every assurance that we will be
so treated.
We have learned that there will be an attempt made to
exclude this delegation from seats in the convention, and
place the Junta men on the roll, and so allow them to be
judges of their own cases. If such a condition of affairs
should prevail, it will be an act of the grossest injustice. The
gentlemen who came up here to represent the regular De
mocracy, of which delegation I am chairman, are going to
fight this matter and leave the issue entirely in the hands of
the State Convention. We do not expect that they will send
us home without giving us a fair and impartial hearing.
In conversation with delegates to-day I learned that
there is a movement among the country delegates to exclude
both San Francisco factions from the floor of the convention
until their rights to seats are determined, and the determina
tion of the matter will be brought before the convention itself
instead of being left to the decision of the committee on cre
dentials. If such be the course pursued we have no fear of
the result, but if we are to go before a packed committee,
appointed by a man who will not pledge himself to act fairly,
then this fight will not be settled in this convention.
I think the different resolutions adopted by our delega
tion, including the indorsement of free silver coinage, will be
incorporated in the State platform. The country delegates
seem to be almost a unit on the question of free silver. The
convention will also pass a strong anti-funding resolution.
I believe that three of the delegates at large will un
doubtedly be Congressmen James Maguire, Senator Stephen
M. White and W. W. Foote.
The question of woman's suffrage has not to my
knowledge been discussed to any extent among the dele
gates.
The chief question up to now seems to be the fight
between the two San Francisco delegations. There is
considerable talk this evening of there being another
candidate placed in the field for - chairman against Mr.
Gould. I refer to Judge W. A. Ryan. His adherents claim
that they would have at least no votes to start with
from the southern counties. James I. Stanton.
COLNON SCORES THE A.P.A.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June i^.— This State Convention
will adopt a plank declaring in favor of free and unlimited
coinage of silver at a ratio of 16 to i. Not only that, but it
will require of the delegates sent to Chicago that they oer
sonally pledge themselves to advocate such a declaration
by the National Convention. There may be delegates chosen
who have personal and private leanings toward a gold plat
form, and who may question the wisdom of the majority.
The personal pledge would be effective in such cases.
There is considerable feeiing apparent .among the coun
try delegates with regard to the assumption of Daggett to
control the convention. There is, on this account* consider
able opposition to Gould for chairman, because of the belief
that he is over-friendly with Daggett. To-night may develop
a man for chairman who can concentrate the strength of
the opposition to Gould and win the chairmanship. W. A.
Ryan of Los Angeles, who aspires to the honor, I under
stand, is a very good and capable man, but he does not seem
to be sufficiently well known. A man known as well as W.
W. Foote, known also to be against Daggett as much as
he is, might win.
The convention will condemn the American Protective
Association in plain terms. It ought to be condemned.
There is no place in politics in this country for a secret re
ligious organization, or anti-religious, if you please.
E. L Colnon.
SEQUEL TO A DIVORCE
Mrs. Morrissey of Tacoma Seeks
Protection From Her Ex-
Husband.
Their Daughter X dnaped by the
Father ani Subsequ ntly R. kid
naped by the Mother.
TACOMA, Wash., June 15.— Mrs. Edith
Morrissey. who in April last secured a di
vorce from her husband, is a badly fright
ened woman. Her ex-husband, David
Morr;ssey, is a very indignant man, and
the Sh -riff's deputies and office force are
on the lookout for trouble. While Mrs.
Morrissey's divorce suit was pending,
David Morrissey, it is alleged, waylaid
Kathleen, their only daughter, on her way
to school, kidnaped her and took her to
British Columbia.
Mrs. Morrissey immediately went into
court and a writ was issued commanding
Morrissey to produce the child. He, how
ever, was safe in British Columbia, out of
the court's jurisdiction, and nothing more
came of the case until this week, when
Private Detective Duffield, w:o had been
employed by Mrs. Morrissey, returned
from British Columbia with the child.
Perhaps he had kidnaped her, and per
haps he had not; anyway he ad her.
Now Mr. Morrissey has arrived on the
scene with blood in his eye. He is quoted
as saying he will s n* Mrs. Morrissey and
the child to the bottom of the bay before
he will allow t em t leave here alive. All
this has been reported to the Sheriff's
office, and protection is promised to Mrs.
Morrissev and her child. They desire to
start for England, and will do so if trouble
can be avoided. Kathleen is a very pretty
girl, 12 years old. Bhe apparently prefers
to remain with her mother, though, she
says, her father was very kind to her.
Special officers are guarding the house
where mother and daughter are stopping.
Taeomn'a O. A. K. Encampment.
TACOMA, Wash., June
tion for the G. A. R. encampment for the
division of Washington and Alaska which
will convene here to-morrow are all com
plete, and delegates are pouring into
Tacoma from all quarters. Cunimunder
in-chief Judge Buck of Snok;uie and staff
arrived to-night and the military parade
to-morrow evening will be a feature.
Xnpa Indorses foote.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.-The
Napa County delegation met and elected
Henry Hogan of Napa City chairman. A
resolution was passed favoring W. W.
Foote for delegate at large.
Thehighest claim forother mC'--^Mk
ißnO^" tobaccos is " Just as M/
f Blackwell's
BULL DURHAM)
V Smoking Tobacco ~J
€*Jj^p&Z^&^^ You will find one coupon inside jfiMMJ^Sf^UL
each two ounce bag, and two cou- T^Tl
SSK \ki\\v\^ P° ns inside each four ounce jKm
S&M^ r^\ Wi A ba B of Blackwell's Durham. MfM _ v^JlJsk
HIT Jsk ifrlM Bu y a b *g of this ceie- Mm
l~Wv° ZOZA I brated tobacco and read the IW£ \wt
\^^jjn^r~ Wm of valuable presents and how VK J ~*T^*3P(w
FOUND NEAR MULBERRY
Dead Bady of Miss O'Hara ot
San Jos> in a Sand
bank.
It Was in the Las Sag s of Decom.
position and B--ng Devoured
by Buzzards.
HOLLISTER, Cal., June 15.— Jameg
Joice, a farmer near Mulberry, was star
tled tc see his dog carrying a human skull
to his house yesterday. He went with the
dog to a place where buzzards were cir
cling around and there found the corpse
of Miss Edith O'Hara of San Jose, who
was drowned at the Mulberry crossing
last April.
The body lay half buried in a sandbank,
partially devoured by buzzards and coy
otes. One arm was missing entirely.
The body was found about two miles be
low where the accident occurred. Search
had been made by hundreds of people, but
it remained for wild animals to reveal the
sepulcher.
Meld to Anttcrr for Burglary.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 15.— Gus Miller,
who robbed the Olympic saloon about a
week ago, was examined before Justice
Gass to-day and held to answer to a charge
of burglary. Bail was fixed at $2000.
A Death at Xapa.
NAPA, Cal., June 15.— 8. Little died at
his home in Napa yesterday. He was 78
year old and came to California in 1849.
He had resided in Napa County since
1853.
NEW TO-DAY.
1 1 I ™*viw' v v W(
HI 1
Like the unseen snake,
vile impostors and imita-
tors lie in wait for the un-
wary, who are pursuing
their way to the COLUM-
BIAN WOOLENMILLS.
To protect you from
these vipers, we now couple
the firm name, S. N.
WOOD & CO., with the
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN
MILLS. That is our trade
mark ; it is to clothing
what "sterling" is to sil-
verware. It means the
best clothing at wholesale
prices.
All - Wool Cassimeres,
Scotch Tweeds, Cheviots,
Worsteds and P'ancy
Trouserings — all the fash-
ionable cloths. Suits to
order, $10 to $20 ; pants to
order, $3 to $6. Equal to
what costs twice the price
elsewhere. No garment
allowed to leave the house
unless a perfect fit. Re-
turn any article not satis-
factory — that's our guar-
antee that makes you safe.
y fit T " a " AFrEo </v 7" Mflra
Qiuhtv r.il» TAILORS ft.c k8»
M/\/TKT:T £jQy SARrtA
BICYCLES BIILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
FUK THK TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., S F.TWO CRUISERS IN
SANTA CRUZ BAY
Philadelphia and Monad
nock Anchored Before
the City.
READY FOR THE FETE.
Company of Young Ladies Are
Drilling for a Military
Display.
IXERCISE WITH REAL SWORDS
From All Indications the Carnival
Will Surpass Anything Before
Attempted.
SANTA CKI'Z, Cal., June 15.— A grand
chorus of welcome shouts went out from
the hundreds of people on the beach and
wharves and along the cliff drive this
afternoon as the Philadelphia rounded
Lighthouse Point and poked her nose into
the cairn waters of the bay. The bright
sun was dropping down toward its ocean
bed.
The sky was clear and the atmosphere
was of that delightful temperature that
makes a perfect Santa Cruz June day. A
gentle breeze blew in, just enough to tem
per the sun's heat. A strong counter cur
rent was running close in that tossed the
>mall craft and the fishermen's boats about
ill a friendly, jolly way that gave them the
appearance of extending a series of courte
ous bows to the visitors.
The white cruiser slipped quietly and
swiftly aloiu' the outer edge of the bay,
holding her side toward the city and giv
ing the audience a beautiful view of her.
It was a sight not often seen here, though
appreciated, not more from that fact than
from the fact the Philadelphia is a guest
of the city, come to participate in
the magnificent display of the carnival
and to act as tutor to the Fourth Gun Di-
vision, N. G. C, whose members recognize
the grand opportunity thus offered them
to acquire knowiedge of actual ship prac
tice. The city considers it also a great
honor that just at a time when the whole
State is turning toward Santa Cruz the
Pniladelphia and the Monadnock should
be permitted to add realism to the ro
mance of the Venetian water fetes.
There was some disappointment ex
pressed that the Monadnock did not steam
in with the Philadelphia, as was expected.
But that was dispelled just an hour later
when the Monadnock glided in. passing
the bow of the Philadelphia and casting
tier anchor a little farther up the bay and
just a little nearer the shore.
So the interest was doubled by the order
of the coming in of the two ships, for each
presented a distinctively different appear-
ance in its position in the water as well as
its construction. After the Philadelphia
had cast anchor, off Railroad wharf,
she was boarded by Lieutenant A. A.
Morey and Ensign Lindsay of the Fourth
Gun Division, Naval Battalion, N. G. C.
Within half an hour the naval reserve
launch returned and took on board Mayor
Clark, Lieutenant-Governor Jeter and
other citizens representing the carnival
association and the city, who were formally
presented to Admiral Beardsley and his
staff and Captain Cotton and his officers.
Tne visitors were entertained for an
hour or more and shown about the vessel,
rinding much to interest them in the de
tails of manipulation of the machinery
and the guns. While in the cabin Admiral
Beardslee told a story of Sharkey, the
pugilist, who is misnamed tlje "Marine."
Sharkey was not a marine, he said, but a
bluejacket, and though a man of such
strong physique, he came from a very
sickly family. The listeners wondered.
"It's a fact,'' said tlie Admiral, "Sharkey
obtained more leaves of absences to visit
his sick relatives than any ten other men
aboard the Philadelphia. When he had
visited a sick relative for the last time
during a spell of sickness be would re
turn with honors won in the prize ring.
Of course Sharkey had to give up prize
righting or the ship, and he gave up the
ship.
"But Sharkey was not a 'marine.' He
was a bluecoat and one of the soberest and
most attentive to duty. He quieted many
a disturbance among his mates, and was a
worthy fellow aboard ship and a good
fighter.' 1
After watching the coming in of the Mo
nadnock and viewing the Philadelphia the
visitors returned to the city to prepare for
the formal reception ashore on to-morrow
night, and the participation of the blue
coats in the parade and drill on Wednes-
day. Whatever shall be done by the men
from the war ships for the pleasure of the
rarnival visitors will of course be done
where the public will be invited without
charge.
Admiral Beardslee and his staff-captain
(Cotton) of the Philadelphia and his offi
cers and Captain O. Suraner of the Monad
nock and his officers will be tendered a re-
ception by the Carnival Association and
the city to-morrow night at the Sea Beach
Hotel, and at the conclusion of the recep
tion a ball will be tendered them by the
Sea Beach Hotel.
Harbor Commissioner F. S. Chadbourne
and" bis son William were guests of Ad
miral Beardslee, coming down from tnc
City. They will return by train to-mor
row. Admiral Beardslee said they had a
pleasant though uneventful trip down,
and until noon kept in sight of the Mo
nadnock, who was steaming at about
eight knots, when the Philadelphia parted
company, with her mate and pushed her
speed to twelve knots, arriving just one
hour ahead.
The City Trustees are busy to-n?ght
with matters pertaining to the opening
day, and the streets are crowded with peo
ple who come out to witness a very pretty
sight presented by the Creek Power Com
pany, whose lights are now ready for dis
tribution in this city.
The Odd Fellows' building was illu
minated with several hundred incan
de-cent lamps arranged after the design
of the front elevation of the building. It
makes a fine display of electric lighting,
and Manager Fred Swanton was so proud
of the effect that he engaged the services
of the Santa Cruz city band for an open
air concert that gave the people a good
rleal of pleasure.
M. C. Osborn Ims been engaged in the
delicate task of drilling twenty young
ladies to handle the sword like soldierson
dress parade, and has accomplished some
very pretty marches and maneuvers with
hi 3 lair volunteers. He and the young
ladies are now ready for public exhibition,
rhe Young Ladies' Santa Cruz Drill Corps Which Will Appear in the Carnival Under the Direction of
M. C. Osbori:, Drillmaster.
and with the continued practice they will
have for another week their work will be
one of the handsomest and most attractive
events of the carnival. Their uniforms
are blue reefer jackets, short skirts and
leggins trimmed in silver, while their
swords are real ones of the pattern used
by the Knights Templar in their drill
work.
The young ladies are delighted with the
exercise which amply repays them for
their service to the carnival even were
they not so desirous as they are of aiding
the carnival by their pretty exhibitions.
Following are the names of the youne
ladies who will give the sword drill ex
hibition during the carnival.
Lily McFarland, Anna Thomas, Grace
Whitney, Mabel Smith, Ethel Gillen,
Crystale Osborn, Grace Stretter, Frankie
Collins, Georgie Collins, Alma Osterhus,
Viola Hubbel, Gertie Chappell, Mabel
Beesh, Bella Abrarns, Ethel Bartlett,
Anna Casebeer, Mabel Lask, Jessie Wil
liams, Flora Thesig and Annie Beas.
All things are now ready and the incom
ing trains to-day brought enough visitors
to assure the opening of the carnival a
success. The visitors have been coming
gradually until to-day. They are being
easily and comfortably disposed of as to
hotel accommodations.
GLAD TO SEE THEM
Continued from Second Page.
and 50.000, Tammany got only between
15.000 and 20,000.
"We carried the rural districts by largely
increased majorities, but lost in the larger
cities. Notwithstanding the defeat of our
ticket I do not think it should be regarded
in any light except that of a victory."
During the time of the Lexow investi
gation there was hardly a mail that came
in that did not bring the Senator an anony
mous letter threatening him with dyna
mite and all kinds of violent deaths.
"But," added he, with a quiet smile,
"it is the silent man whom you have to
fear — not the man who threatens you be
forehand. The man who goes around
with a brass band swearing that he is
going to annihilate you is the very last
man who is going to do it."
The Senator was not averse to talking
on the financial question. He is for Mor
ton and gold. For gold because that
metal is the recognized currency of the
commercial world.
If it were tin it would be equally good,
ior every nation that has commercial rela
tions with another nation has the same
currency.
"If we could continue to isolate ourselves
from the rest of the world," continued
the speaker, "and give up all our exports,
we could afford to establish any currency
we pleased. The baser metal is bound to
remain while the other goes abroad."
Among those who called at California
headquarters to-day were Rev. Gilbert A.
Ottman. up to a few months ago rector of
St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Sacra
mento. Mr. Ottman left Sacramento to re
side in St. Louis.
His bad taste in the matter of climate
has brought its own punishment, and I
smiled when 1 saw him perspire. Will H.
Gagan and sister of San Francisco are
stopping here on their way East.
They will take a peep at the conven
tion. Mr. Gagan is a well-known drug
gist. He was formerly a reporter on the
San Francisco dailies.
Another big brass band, headed by a
drum-major topped with a white bearskin,
has just marched into the lobby playing
"The Suwanee River" and "Dixie." The
Missourians are yelline with joy.
Then some one among the newcomers
shouts for Tom Reed and the building
shakes with the roar that goes up.
John Paul Cosgrave.
STATE COMMITTEE DOINGS.
Election of Officers of the Different
Delegations.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 15.— A singular
state of affairs exists in the California
delegation. The four contestants who
were seated by the National Committee,
after having been turned down by the
State Committee in Sacramento, have now
practically bolted. It came about in this
way:
Last Saturday, while en route to St.
Louis, the delegation held a meeting and
resolved to ask the convention to undo
the work of the National Committee so
far as to give all parties to the four con
tests a seat and half a vote each. This
afternoon a delegation caucus was held
and Denison, Spear, Kowalsky and Hock
heimer, the four men seated by the
National Committee, protested against the
other four participating in the proceed
ings and moved to strike them off the roll.
This, after a heated debate, was ruled out
of order and then Denison, Hockheimer,
Spear and Kowalsky walked out. They
say they will hold a caucus themselves,
send in their own list of names for all
committees and reopen the question of
National Committeeman, which has been
settled by naming John D. Spreckels.
The Californians are therefore very thor
oughly split.
When National Committeeman de
Young heard of the bolt he rushed over to
the California headquarters and told the
bolters to go back, that they were making
fools of themselves. Three of the four
then returned to the caucus. A. B. Lem
mon was named for member of the com
mittee on resolutions, O. A. Hale for com
mrttee on permanent organization, F. H.
Short on rules, Frank Miller on committee
to notify Presidential nominee, and U. 8.
Grant for honorary vice-president of the
convention.
The delegates who left the caucus will
probably act with the delegates at the
next meeting.
lowa this afternoon elected the follow
ing: Member of the committee on resolu
tions, J. H. Gear; on credentials, W. P.
Hepburn; on rules, H. W. Macomber;
permanent organization, E. 0. Roach ; to
notify nominee for President, Calvin Man
ning; to notify nominee for Vice-Presi
dent, C. M. Judkin; honorary vice-presi
dent. A. B. CuTnmingg. J. W. Blythe was
named for National Committeeman, but
declined, and A. B. Cummings was sub
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1896.
sequently chosen, as was L. Banks Wilson
honorary vice-president, vice Cummings,
resigned.
The financial plank adopted by tbe del
egation after a very warm debate and by
a vote of 15 to 9 opposes the free coinage
of silver pending international agreement; j
favors the use of gold, silver and paper I
kept on a parity and the enactment of
laws to accomplish it; favors the use of
silver as money, either through interna
tional agreement to secure a common
ratio, with free coinage at such ratio by
the agreeing nations, or by concurrent leg
islation of the leading nations to accom
plish the purpose.
William Lamb, the present State chair
man of the Republican party in the old
commonwealth of Virginia, was this after
noon completely overthrown as a result of
his effort to stem the McKinley tide in
that state. He was supposed to have
been for Reed, but all events show ne was
for anybody to beat McKinley, and as
chairman ot the State organization earn
estly sought to accomplish this result.
He failed, however, and when the State
convention met was sent as one of the
delegates at large under cast-iron instruc
tions to vote for McKinley. When Mr.
Lamb sought the honor of a re-election as
the Virginia member of the National
Committee he found the State delegation
practically unanimous for George E. Bow
den, who was chosen.
It was not at all necessary, but ex-Gov- I
ernor Foraker coula not resist the terapta- j
tion at tfie Ohio meeting this afternoon to
introduce a resolution instructing the dele
gates to vote for McKinley. The resolu
tion was received with three cheers and a
tiger and went through with a whirl. The
financial plank was not referred to during
the informal discussion of various topics
by the delegates. There appeared to be a
tacit understanding that that subject was
perfectly safe in the hands of the men who
were to be put upon the committee on
resolutions.
The convention comraitteemen selected
were: Chairman of the delegation, Gover
nor Bushnell; resolutions, ex-Governor
Foraker; credentials, Judge A. C. Thomp
son; permanent organization, General
Charles A. Grosvenor; rules, Congress
man George W. Wilson; to notify tbe
nominee for President, M. A. Hanua.
The selection of a representative to
notify the nominee for Vice-Presi
dent was postponed. As has been pre
dicted Charles T. Curtis of Columbus, one
of tne most ardent of the Foraker follow
ers, was elected member of the National
Committee, to succeed William M. Harm.
The Illinois delegation elected officers
as follows: Nationnl Committeeman, T.
N. Jamieson; member of committee on
resolutions, R. W. Patterson ; on creden
tials, W. A. Rodenberg; on permanent or
ganization, J. O. Humphrey; on rules, J.
T. McKnight; to notify nominee for
President, C. H. Deane; to notify nom
inee for Vice-President, I. L. Elwood;
honorary vice-president, J. W. Fifer;
chairman of delegation, R. J. Oglesby;
vice-chairman, J. W. Fifer.
The delegates then entered upon a hot
discussion of the financial plank.
Speeches were made by H. A. Jones, R.
W. Patterson, Judge Hamlin, Duncan
McDougall, General G. T. Henderson and
J. M. Smyth. A resolution favoring the
gojd standard was finally adopted by a
vole of 42 to 6.
Chicago was favored as . the head
quarters of the National Republican Com
mittee.
It may not be significant, but the Idaho
! delegation, one of the strongholds of free
| silver, in making up its committee assign
; ments to-day neglected to fill the place of
I National Committeeman and members of
the committee to notify the president and
vice-president the three places that would
naturally remain unfilled if it were the in
tention to bolt the convention. The re
maining places were filled as follows:
Chairman, A. B. Campbell; resolutions,
Senator Fred T. Dubois; organization,
Benjamin Koch; credentials, Littleton
Price.
A meeting of colored delegates presided
over by Colonel Perry Carson of Wash
ington, D. C, to-day adopted resolutions
pledging their support to Connecticut's
favorite son, ex-Governor Morgan G.
Bulkeley of Hartford for Vice-President
The New Jersey delegation met at noon
and made the following selections: For
vice-president of the convention, Franklin
Murray; credentials, John Franklin Fort;
permanent organization. John McEwan
Jr.; rules, George Hires; resolutions,
Frank Bergen; secretary, John J. Herbert
Jr. Owing to the candidacy of Garrett A.
Hobartof New Jersey's National Cowmit
teemen for second place on the National
ticket, no action was taken on committee
men.
Minnesota's delegates selected the fol
lowing representatives this morning:
Chairman, Charles A. Pillsbury; vice
president of convention, Charles P. Hen
dnx; National Committeeman, L. If. Hub
bard; committees — Credentials, T. P.
Hunt; resolutions, W. R. Merriam ; rules,
C. J. Gunderson; permanent organization,
L. S. Swinson* notification Presidential
candidate, Monroe Nichols; notification
Vice-Presidential candidate, A. D. David
son. The delegation unanimously adopcea
a resolution declaring for gold.
The Delaware delegation, while yet ex
cluded from the temporary roll of toe con
vention, met this morning and organized
asfollows: Chairman,.). Edward Addicks;
committee on credentials, J. Frank Allen;
on permanent organization, C. R. Layton ;
on resolutions, J. Edward Addicks; on no
tification of President, Dr. H. R. Burton ;
honorary secretary. A. J. Connor; National
Committeeman, J. Edward Addicks.
The Washington delegation named
George H. Emerson chairman of the com
mittee and P. C. Sullivan National Com
mitteeman. The following representatives
on committees were selected: James M.
Gilbert, credentials; Harry A. Fairchild,
permanent organization; Henry L. Wil
son, nominations; Andrew F. Burleigh,
platform; J. C. Carter, rules. It was de
cided to urge the Washington gold plank
upon the convention.
Michigan's delegation this morning
elected the following. Chairman, Russell
A. Alger; vice-president convention, Wil
liam McPherson Jr. ; assistant secretary
convention, Charles E. Miller. Members
of committees— Credentials, 0. L. Spaul
ding; permanent organization, Frank W.
Wait; rules, John L. Starkweather; noti
fication, T. J. O'Brien; National Commit
j teeman, George L. Maltz.
Oklahoma's delegation has chosen as
I representatives: : Chairman, J. 1 Dille.
Members of committees Resolutions,
Henry E. Asp"; rules, Charles Day; cre
dentials, O. A. Mitcher; permanent or
ganization, J. C. Roberts; notification of
candidates, John A. Buckles. The selec- '
tion of the National Committeeman was
postponed until to-morrow, when Henry
E. Asp will probably be chosen.
The Georgia delegation to-day selected
A. E. Buck, chairman ; S. B. Morse, secre
tary, and Thomas M. Dent, member of the
credentials committee.
The Maryland delegation at its organi
zation meeting elected James A. Gary
a member of the committee on resolu
tions, Dr. Strange on rules, William F.
Airey on notification, Sydney E. Mundey
as chairman of the delegation, Robert P.
Graham on credentials, William E. T_gn
man secretary, and Geonre L. Wellington
a member of the National Committee.
The Indiana delegation held a two
hours' session at their headquarters in the
Planters' Hotel and electedR . W. Thomp
son chairman, H. S. New secretary and
made the following selection for conven
tion committees: General Lew Wallace,
resolutions; A. L. Brisk, credentials; Os
car Montgomery; permanent organization ;
Garret Van Duzen, rules; Hiram Brown
lee, to notify President ; Jesse Wekks, to
notify Vice-President.. There was con- |
test over the election of National Commit- j
teeman, which resulted in the selection of I
W. T. Durbin in place of J. N. Huston.
The Oregon delegation made the follow- j
ing selections: Chairman, Charles W. Par- J
rish; committee on resolutions, Charles S. >
Moore; permanent organization, • J. W. |
Meldrum; rules and order of business, C. j
H. Wadd; committee on credentials, Wal- i
lace, McCamant; member National Com- j
mittee, George A. Steel ; vice-president of
the convention, JohnF. Galbraith.
The organization of the Montana delega
! tion was as follows: Chairman, Senator
Lee Mantle; committee on resolutions,
i : Congressman C. H. Hartman; permanent
•. organization, J. W. Streville; credentials,
Alexander Metzel. The delegation, of
i course, is solid for silver.
The Texas delegation selected Marion
Mullins, chairman ; Webster Flanagan, on
the resolution committee; H. B. Kane, on
credentials; W. A. Gore, on permanent |
, organization; J. W. Butler, on notification
i and J. A. Luby, vice-president of the con
■ vention. The delegation did not choose
i its National Committeeman, preferring to
await the action of the convention on con
■ tests. Webster Flanagan will fight for a
. plank in the platform of gold and silver
; pure and simple and . declares his eternal
animosity to the free coinage of silver.
; The Pennsylvania delegation met in
its headquarters this evening. Senator
Quay called the meeting to order and
nominated Governor Hastings for chair
man. He was elected without opposition,
i W. W. Greist and J. _. Dreistbach were
[ elected, secretaries; H. H. Bingham was
> named for the committee on rules, W. H.
I j Andrews for that on credentials, Charles
H. Mullin for permanent organization and
. Smedley Darling for committee on resolu
, tions. M. S. Quay was re-elected National ;
Committeeman unanimously. Thefollow
i ing resolution on finance was adopted and
will be ; ' presented to the committee on
resolutions of the convention :
"We favor the maintenance of the exist
ing gold standard and are' opposed to the
, free coinage of silver except by an inter
national agreement for bimetallism with
. the leading commercial nations of the
. world." ".,;.. \ '"■'-; \:
Resolutions favoring the largest appro
priations for the improvement of rivers
and harbors consistent with the condition
of the treasury, opposed' to convict labor,
restricting immigration, and readjusting
. representation in the National convention
on the basis of votes cast, were ■ referred to j
i the Resolutions committee of the conven
l tion with the approval of the delegation.
General Reeder, Secretary of the Com
monwealth of Pennsylvania, furnished the
only excitement of the meeting. He
• stated that in the conventions at Chicago
and Minneapolis each delegate had been
allotted live extra seats, and while the
seating capacity of the hall here is larger
than any previously used, only two extra
, seats are to be given to delegates. He said
he believed it the right and duty of the
delegation to ask for an inquiry as to what
had been done with all the seats. His
remarks were greeted with applause. He
continued: : .-, \
"I understand that the seating capacity
of the hall is 15,000. Take all of the dele
gates and multiply the number by four
and there are 11,000 seats unaccounted for.
What has become of them?"
"Sold," said a member.
"Yes, sold; and for sale at auction shops
and on the streets of St. Louis," continued
General Reeder. He urged that the Penn
sylvania delegation enter a formal protest.
This was done by unanimous vote, and
Messrs. Elkins, Flood and Reeder were
appointed a committee to present the pro
test.
The delegates from South Dakota got to
gether to-day and elected L. B. French
chairman. A. B. Kittredge was re-elected
to the National Committee. The delega
tion was not agreed on the money plank,
but polled 5 to 3 for gold.
"Mr. Filley is a good Republican and an
energetic worker for his party and the
members of the Missouri delegation did
not like to turn him down, but we
were compelled to put a stop to
the concentration of Republican politics
in this State under the control of one
man," were the words of one of the promi
nent members ot the Missouri delegation,
spoKen shortly after its organization meet
ing had adjourned.
Balloting for member of the National
Committee was somewhat exciting but
resulted in a victory for Mr. Kerens, who
received 19 votes to 12 cast for Mr. Filley
and 3 for Mr. Warner.
The other representatives in the con
THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
The Cafe under the great dome is a delightful We have the exclusive agency in San Francisco
place to lunch in while shopping in the EZMPO-- for the genuine JOUVIN&- OR Kid Gloves— the
RIUM. ' ■ best in the world. j:C
A trained nurse from the Waldeck Sanitarium Mothers find it very convenient to leave their
in charge of the emergency hospital and children's little boys in the barber-shop to have their hair cut
nursery. while they are shopping in other parts of the building.
Concerts this week Wednesday afternoon and Address all mail order communications to the
Saturday night only. \ "Mail Order Department," THE EMPORIUZM.
GRAND MATINEE CONCERT WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON.
2 to 5 O'Clock — See the Program Below.
Bfc£S** ~ — ■ — ■ — r (J ■*
WASH FABRIC SELLING. THE LINEN SELLING.
The weeks go rapidly by. Vacation begins Direct from Ireland and Austria to America,
next Saturday. Are you ready with all your Direct from the manufacturers to the EMPO-
Summer Dresses ? Are the children all fitted RIUM> O nly one profit to pay on your Linens
out for the mountains and seashore ? If not, an at the EMPORIUM at all times— less than one
opportunity awaits you to-day to buy the proper p ro f,t to-day.
kind of Wash Materials at much less than their F At loc each— Linen Huck Towels, 15 1-2 by 29
proper prices. ■ inches — hemmed edges. Worth 1.50 a dozen.
Neve^ld* Stt£^ard a itShr^ k ' fOld Gingham< At ioc each-Pure LineTTowe.s, fringed borders, ,6
At 7 ! ya?d-i^pteceso g f Crinkled Seersucker- by 30 inches. Regular value£i. 5 o a dozen,
beautiful shirred effects— very choice colorings— more At- 12 1-2 C each— Huck Towels, 17 by 35 inches,
than 20 styles. Regular price ioc a yard. fringed borders. A bargain at $1.85 a dozen. '
At 9 1-2 C a yard— Swiss Woven Duckette — a new
woven material, in dots and stripes— large variety of col- At $1.19 a dozen — 100 dozen Huck Towels, 16 by 30
orings— 15c a yard. Special EMPORIUM price inches, all linen. Never before sold in San Francisco at
9 i-2c. less than $1.50 a dozen.
At ioc a yard— pieces of 37-inch Percale — fast " '
colors— brand new designs. An extra value for 12 1-2 C. At $1. 75 a dozen— Huck Towels, \lB 1-2 by 35 inches,
At 12 1-2 C a yard— Golf Suitings— entirely new fabric hemmed borders. Never before sold under $2.25 a dozen,
for outing suits that will do up well and possesses satis- At 23c a yard — 56-inch Bleached Damask in 8 stylish
factory wearing qualities— 15 colors and patterns. Actual patterns— regular 35c grade. Special reductions for this
value 20c a yard. , sale.
At 15c a yard-covert Suiting, an- Program, Wednesday, BOYS' AND MEN'S HATS.
other new wash fabric, much su- J »-»■»«■ Af ,  , c , ■ :,, l-
perior to duck, in plain .or mixed June 17, 2 P. M. At *J.50-Men's Fedoras in black
brown and mixed gray effects, also - : and brown. Sold elsewhere at
narrow stripes in the same colorings, PART I. 52.50.
would be a value at 20c a yard. ... _ , , , CM
At 17c a yard-Russian Canvas 1. March Triomph ale, " Queen of At $2.00-The already famous EM-
Cloth, 30 inches wide, in great de- Shebz"... Gounod PORIUM Derby Hat, in all the
mand for seaside and mountain 2. Overture, "Ken?" Wagner fashionable colors. Can you beat
i frocks. Better grade, 38 inches wide, }■ IV alt $, "Summer Night" it at $3?
'at ">oc and i^c "i yard choice col- , Waldteuffel At 45c^.Each-Bicycle Golf and
At 38c a yard-A very choice col- 4- Lorcley Nesvadba At 45c Each-Bicycle, Golf and
I lection of Silk Mixed Scotch Zephyrs, 5- 'Polka Militaire, "Attention".. Yachting Caps in great variety.
full 30 inches wide, very desirable for — Waldteuffel -—-
Waists. Not sold here before for 6. Harpsounds .Jungmann At 25c Each — Children's Straw Sail!
less than 50c. 7- Fantasie, " I Tagiacct" '..Leoncavallo ors and Rob Roy Caps. A specia-
At 5c a yard— 20 Pieces Unbleached l, -.. sale in this section of the store.
' Canton Flannel, a quality never sold rAKi 11.
for less than 7 I-2C a yard. • R Overture, "The Dragoons of n y «.. .. ao< l a C^A ClnrL
At 12 i-2ca yard— 40 Pieces Extra  * filters" 7he g (Millart Do YOU Need a Good Clock
Heavy Tennis "Flannel, just the thing t Wall "Sound's" From the Here's a $6.50 One f0r52.60.
for Outing Clothing, 10 select color- .. {Main" Parlovo
ings, a quality never sold under 20c a 10 . Harp solo' ' '{Marcii of the • /T\ J^h^ fP\
! yard.: • .- ::. '; "' v :^,:, • ,* Tirates" ...Parish-Jilvars LV Mp-^pSS^^V^/
>< :r : s:-:-'^.-'-'-'^: Mmc - "Breitschuck Marquardt. y^S^^^&^^Z^f//
''' '■■'''' C " " ."'""' ' //. Introduction and chorus "Lo- ! yh&CJtX .. . .{TrtT^ll
C l. //• Introduction and chorus "Lo- j}^vXTjCValala^iO a
<£&$ ■ ; ;-qS' : :•■ ' bengrin".... Wagner \' ' CSj-Z *^2££Wllt^<
,V*»/; ' XjjD '■ • .'■ ■ 12. "Only Me," song of to-day..... : vT|vf/i| 'J^^^^^iiijf' \T
/ C^)JL\ 't^^W 14. Medley, "Up To Date" Bendix ' IV^^^S^)/'' \
IPA<T 3- - a^ HOSIERY SPECIALS. : Siy^|jS.
U- A\ " V These are the lowest prices for '&- . 771 . ''","■ r±L •**.** . \'
U/' \J Jr \ HOSIERY that have ever been made : A^TT? i .Tfrffti \ «\
IT T \f[ ~~ in San Francisco. Make an exami- 4m:rrr : s^~^' ;^^-^^
} I , / 1 /\ nation of the goods and see for your- ■■ ■ • . ',
I / /V. self whether you have ever been able . . MANTEL CLOCK— day— Half
I ,1 ' 111 to buy similar qualities for similar hour gong strike— oak cherry or
I II j I I prices. , black walnut— l 6 inches high, 15
/ // / \\ The Dyes are guaranteed absolutely inches wide— 5 different styles, simi-
/ J4\ / IV fast colors, and they come f-om'the best lar to the above picture— white or
( ' <£s r jt- jj IJ hosiery-makers in the world. gold, 5 1-2 inch dials, black numbers
. v * V) — warranted best grade American
\/ l polished pendulum movement— we
MEN'S SUITS, $12.45. CHILDREN'S HOSE. made a large purchase of these clocks
\V? v , , , CHILDREN'S HOSE. -their real value is $6. 5 0. We are
We have selected all of our $15 „ , ■ .„ trninsr to cell them SPECIAL this
and $16.50 Suits in fine Cheviots, At ioc a pair-Children's Fast B°»g to S fe each bftUiAL m ' S
fancy brown plaids and in clay Black Seamless Hose, all sizes. weeK at $2.00 eacn.
worsteds, black or blue Sack Suits, - — '
single or double breasted, round or At 12c a pair— Boys' Heavy Ribbed —====*==—
square — admirably tailored — Fast Black Hose, all sizes. '^pisLyr-* " "^^""""T^^n.
and offer them for one week at about IfrHnil | : r .. • iiil I^l
) their actual cost At 13c a pair-Children's Tan MM MM'lM] I H
Color Hose, absolutely fast color. |lii£ljj . JJgyyil f|p
L^fw ™~~ At 16c a pair— Children's Fast SL _- T —^^ , i' J """''' r '^* 9 t?i
r / ROYS' ' Black Seamless Hose, the usual 25c J|^^^ ii^ SlL^" i^^
\rj • D\/ I v 1 • j : — y<r
/ f'v-K /■■ ' * At 19c a pair— Boys' Heavy Bicycle * ' || j II
it. oX> <fcl «* Ribbed Black Hose, will not stain, 1 § ___! Lss-eJ 3
V;3 o J 01.03. never sold under 25c. J^^^^,^-^-^^
( Xijj All-wool Cheviot ' ' ' — — ■ klll^^- — -—- — ~r~-. °
OT tln-kn n ee gra p an?s r LADIES' HOSE. This Handsome "7 Upright
\\Y- ages 6to 14 years ." " y •'. , Piano, with stool and cover,
f [ — $3.50 for these At 16c a pair— Ladies' Imported $165.
L U elsewhere. j Black Cotton Hose Hermsdorf dye This is a jano that is regularly
'•• Jj V\ = double toe, spliced heel. You would X Investigate before buy-
t^~** \3 not consider 25c too much tor these. jng elsev ; nere>
BOYS' WASH SIiTS, $1.35 —■. , , : Among the pianos that we carry
BOYS' WASH SUITS, $1.35 . , , are the "SHAW," the popular "NEW
Pretty Wash Suits with large At X 9 C a pair— Ladies Imported ENGLAND" and our own home in-
collars-cut from the former Colored Cotton Hose, opera shades- dustrv ; the "HEINE." :
1 D?i-esofS2andS2 SotoSi «for Sis Cardinal, blue, pink, lavender, etc., The Music Department at the EM-
. prices or and 52.50 to 51.35 ror tnis fancy drop stitch . Good value at 35c PORIUM is on £ of the most com-
' * . . . . plete of our many, departments. In
nA ./r.i ..mVotc « a ;.,„„ addition to Pianos we carry all kinds
; BOYS WAISTbi 2i)C LALH. At 24c a pair— Ladies' Fine Qual- of Musical and Band Instruments,
' Special Monday and Tuesday only ity Imported, Black Cotton Hose, and an immense stock of Sheet Music
—50 dozen Calico or Flannelette with or without white feet, Herms- at popular prices.
Waists— light and dark colors — well dorf dye, double soles, high spliced Piano Department, second floor. Take
ma de. heel. - - The regular 3 for $ 1 .00 grade. first elevator to the right of the rotunda.
THE EMPORIUM, SAN FRANCISCO.
vention are: Chairman of the delegation,
William Warner; committee on resolu
tions, F. G. Neidnnghaus; credentials,
John L. Bittinger; permanent organi
zation and rules, S. W. Jordan; to
notify the President, T. B. Haug awout;
to notify the Vice-President, B. F. Leon
ard. The delegation decided unanimously
to stand for a sound-money plank and to
labor against the insertion of the word
"gold" therein.
Kansas delegation's organization is as
follows: National Committeeman, Cyrus
Leland Jr. ; resolutions, C. A. Swineen ;
credentials, J. E. Lambert; permanent or
canization, Marsh Murdock; rules, T. D.
Fitzpatrick; notification, Nathaniel Barnes.
Kentucky's delegation re-elected John
W. Yerkes National Committeeman; J. H.
Heppy, on credentials; L. T. Neat, on per
manent organization ; J. L. Butler on
rules, and J. P. McCartmay on notifica
tion.
The Florida delegation organized as fol
lows: Chairman, H. S. Cubb; secretary,
M. J. Christopher; National Committee
man, E. R. Gumby; vice-president
of the convention, J. N. Coombs;
secretary of the convention. Mark 8.
White; credentials, S. H. Coleman; reso
lutions, J. W. Archibald; notification, M.
J. Christopher; rules, P. E. McMurray;
permanent organization, W. G. Robinson.
The delegation stood solidly for Morton
and gold.
AN A. P. A. MEETING.
The Speakers Were Opposed to
McKlnley for President.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 15.— A mass-meet
ing of six councils of the A. P. A. was
held to-night in a hall in North St. Louis.
Among the speakers were Congressman
Linton, State President Stevens and
Mayor Webster Davis of Kansas City.
The object of the meeting was to ex
press dissent at the action of the Republi
can National Committee in supporting
Kerens as against Filley in the contests
for seats in the National Convention.
All the speeches were wildly vehement
against the Republican committee. Tne
probability of McKinley's nomination was
touched upon.
Mayor Davis said the general confer
ence of the A. P. A. at Washington had
been faint-hearted. McKinley was an
enemy of the A. P. A. and if his vote
would elect the Ohio man it would not be
cast.
Congressman Linton spoke more guard
edly. A rising vote on a resolution to
condemn the action of the National Re
publican Committee for seating the
Kerens delegates was declared carried,
and the meeting adjourned.
56
CHARLIs M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Free:
Daily »nd Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.1 6
Pailr and Sunday Call, one year, by mai1.... . 6.00
Daily »nd Sunday Cam., six mouths, by mall.. S.OO
Daily and Sunday Cam,, three months by mall 1.50
Daily: and Sunday C'ai.i.. one month, by mail.. .05
Sunday Cam* one year, by mail 1-60
VHO.KIA- Call, one year, by mail 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
10, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for .you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.' "I".'
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,. V ?"
San Francisco, California."
Telephone Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
•Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock.
359 Hayes strew : open until 9 :30 o'clock.
■ 718 JLarkla street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
sntil 9 o'clock.
£518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
113 Mmli Btreet ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE . .
Booms 31 and 32, 84 Park How, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
TT'ESHAvT.TZTT" .: -...JUNK 16, 1896
THE CALL S PEAKS FOR ALL.
Now for the convention.
Things begin to move to-d&y.
They now call him Hanna the Great.
There will be no prolonged agony at Bt
YoU will get all the news from all bides
in The Call.
We might as well be getting McKinley
banners ready for the ratification meet
ings.
Whether it be (iould or not Gould it will
be a very small potato for a party to fight
over.
The Sacramento convention would con
fer a favor on its party if it would name a
favorite.
It is now agreed on all sides that Mark
Hanna is-a man who knows how to attend
to business.
When Republican prosperity comes the
Democrats will get their share of it, so
they needn't kick.
We shall get from St. Louis the harmony
of thought and from Sacramento the
sound of chin music.
Budd may possibly squeeze out an in
dorsement from the convention, but Cleve
land has lost his cinch.
The Buckleyites at Sacramento will stick
to straight liquor, but the Daggett men
will call for mint juleus.
It is hard to tell wLat Daggett thinks he
is doing and still harder to tell what he
thinks he is doins it for.
The only thing in which St. Louis ana
Sacramento will resemble each other wiJl
be the heat of the weather.
The Democrats concede their party is in
a hole, but they seem to think they can
get it out by lighting it out.
Sacramento may call her show a con
vention out of politeness, but she is look
ing forward to a circus time.
Piatt is no quitter. He will quit neither
the fight for Morton nor the right for pro
tection if Morton is defeated.
No matter how few or how many ballots
may be taken at St. Louis the nomination
vill be made by acclamation in the end.
The only thing on which any two Demo
crats can agree at this juncture is some
thing that can be opened with a corkscrew.
There is no longer any talk of a strad
dle at St. Louis, but it is agreed the
money plank shall be "diplomatically e.\
pre.—ed."
The Vice-Presidency is the only thing
left to interest tlie betting men and the fel
lows who like to talk about what they
don't know.
The Russians may be pretty good at
coronation festivals, but we would like to
see them try to hold a convention to
nominate a Czar.
The Federal brigade at the Democratic
convention will be recognized by the
newly minted coin they will flash up when
they cross the bar.
Now is the time for Republicans to lay
aside all ttieir differences and dissensions.
It must be made a campaign of harmony
from the beginning.
It looks as if California Democrats
would have so much lighting during the
convention they will not feel like making
any during the campaign.
The sublime and the ridiculous of
A merican part y politics can be seen in the
contrast between the convention at St.
Louis and that at Sacramefito.
It seems the support of the favorites
was intended not so much as an opposi
tion to McKinley as a compliment to the
other fellows and their friends.
As soon as the Republican convention
has named its candidate for the Presi
dency, Grover Cleveland will cease to be
the biggest man in this country.
Patriotism, protection and prosperity
are already household words and with the
return to power of the Republican party
they will soon be household iact«.
If Senator Teller is wise he will stay in
ihecamp. The only way to restore silver
to the position of a money metal is
through the medium of the Republican
party.
The Democrats at Sacramento might as
well give White a boom for the Presidency.
It won't hurt anything and will have the
advantage of enabling all (actions to make
a showing as white men.
Our reporta of the deliberations at St.
Louis and of the fracas at Sacramento
will be full, fair, impartial, accurate and
thoroughly comprehensive of every feature
of the proceedings of both events.
The special correspondents of The Call
at :-t. Louis and Sacramento are trained
journalists who will report the news fairly
and fully and not try to color it into lurid
literature for the sake of tjcusationalism.
OUR CONVENTION REPORTS
The occurrence of the Republican Na
tional Convention at St. Louis and the
Democratic State Convention at Sacra
mento at the same time affords The Call
an opportunity to show the excellence of
its news service and the impartiality with
which it speaks for all in recording the
events of the day.
The Call has a great advantage over
the other morning papers of this City in
the fact that it is the only one which re
ceives United Press dispatches. Of the
comparative merits of the United Press
and its rival, the Associated Press, it is
hardly necessary to speak. Over and over
again, in affairs so recent as to be within
the memory of all, the superiority of the
reports of the United Press, both as to
accuracy and as to fullness, has been de
monstrated beyond all controversy. A
new instance was given on Sunday, when
the Kcaminer published, with great display,
the report of a deluge in Ohio by which
200 lives were destroyed. The story was
without foundation. The United Press
heard the rumor as early as its rival, but
investigated the matter and found there
was no truth in it, while our contempo
rary was imposed on by the fake.
In i-onisequence of this accuracy which
marks its regular news service the reports
published in The Call can be read with
confidence and reliance. Our reports from
the conventions, howevsr, will not be con
lined to United Press dispatches. We
have a strong oorjls of artists and
special writers at both St. Louis and
Scraniento. The men who compose
our staff at either City are trained
journalists, experienced in political af
fairs, keenly observant of men and
events and accomplished writers, capable
of giving graphic, vivid, lifelike presenta
tions of every phase of the proceedings on
the streets, in committee meetings or iv
the conventions.
We can assure our readers as complete,
accurate and comprehensive reports of the
St. Louis convention as will be given by
any other paper in the world, and a better,
a fairer and a more impartial report than
will be found anywhere else of th<- conven
tion at Sacramento. The pressure of re
porting two events of such importance
and such popular interest occurring at the
same time will have no other effect than
that of rousing the energy of The Call to
accomplish a notable triumph in the work
of legitimate journalism, and we offer
what we have already done in this line as
evidence of what we will continue to do so
long as the conventions last.
The reader? of The Call will not have
to skim through columns of lurid line
writing iv order to see if, possibly, Borne
grain of news may be found in what is
played up as a sensation. Nor will they
have to pore over platitudes signed by
noted names in which the writers practice
the art of saying nothing at great length.
What is read in The Call will be the real
vital news of the day narrated by working
journalists who stand among the foremost
of the profession as news-gatherers aril as
news-writers. Our readers, therefore, will
get all the news and get It as accurately
and as tersely as it can be put together.
Thk Call not only speaks for ail, but
speaks it in a way that all can count on.
REPUBLICANS IN CONVENTION.
At 10 o'clock this morning, San Fran
cisco time, the eleventh Republican Na
tional Convention will be called to order,
and after prayer by Rabbi Seles the busi
ness in hand will be taken up and con
tinued until a candidate for President and
a candidate for Vice-President of the
United States are nominated. There is
great difference of opinion as to
how many days the convention will
be ijn session. Not a few believe that
the majority have such complete control
that one event will follow another in rapid
succession, as per a previously arranged
programme, and that delegates will be at
liberty to go home by to-morrow after
noon. There are others, however, who do
not believe the order of naming candidates
will be reached before Friday or Saturday,
but at this distance there does not appear
to be any reason why adjournment should
not be had some time to-morrow, unless
the committee on credentials is instructed
to go down to the merits of contests,
which it is not likely to do, although if it
does not it is likely to be severely censured
by not a few.
Presumably the gentlemen who shall
serve upon the platform committee are
already in possession of several declara
tions of principles, Dut, as we have already
said, the majority is so thoroughly organ
ized that most likely that submitted
will be accepted without much, if any, de
bate. The only danger that can be fore
seen is that the platform may not em
phasize enough the importance of making
the tariff question paramount. The
whole country is in distress because of the
weakness, or rather of the hostility, of the
present tariff law to our people, and
the people are desperately in earnest
in their demand for relief from the
destructive operation of that act. It cer
tainly is true that the monetary system of
the country needs revamping, but that
can wait until the stones that the Demo
cratic party has rolled in the way of all
business enterprises are rolled away. Cali
fornia regards the restoration of the act of
1890, or a law equally as favorable, as of
the greater importance to her industries,
and it is to be hoped that the convention
will not fail to reflect the sincere wish of
the people in its platform. Nothing would
so enthuse the people as to be assured that
the convention realizes the necessity for
putting our industries upon a safe basis at
the earliest day possible.
GIVE US PROTECTION FIRST
The more the money question is talked
about the mere the people are impressed
with the importance of letting it rest until
the present Joseph's coat kind of a tariff
law is repealed and one enacted that will
start up the country's idle industrial en
terprises and commercial agencies. It
would be like putting the cart before tne
horse to undertake to keep mill and fac
tory idle until a monetary system was
agreed upon. What the great working
class want, and want rieht away, is a mar
ket for their skill and brain. They have
been held in the slavery of idleness too
long already, and they are restless for
work. A weak and uncertain monetary
system can be endured until there is a de
mand for labor in all the avenues of em
ployment. There need be no fear that the
people will not take up the money ques
tion and settle ii, and settle it right, as
soon as they have profitable work, but
what does any kind of a monetary system
signify to the man who is living in en
forced idleness?
There are men and women by the tens
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1596.
of thousands who are praying for work,
and that at the earliest possible time, and,
as the voice of one man, they ask the Re
publican convention now in session at St.
Louis to set all other questions aside for
the moment and devise ways and means
that will insure a demand for their services.
They can have no money until they earn
it, and no kind of money would do them
good if they have no opportunity to earn
it. The present tariff act operates to fur
nish employment for the working people
of other countries at tne expense of our
own people. Only the blind man could
fail to see the importance of a protective
tariff enactment before any other issue is
considered. First give our idle thousands
an opportunity to go to work. Then they
will have the courage and the confidence
to sustain the Republican party upon
all the other economic and monetary
questions. There would be sense in dis
cussing a monetary problem with a man
who i.s earning money, but none whatever
with one who is denied opportunity to
earn money.
AT SACRAMENTO TO-DAY.
The bosses of the Democratic party of 1
California will assemble in Sacramento 10
-day in State Convention, and the proceed
ing will be unusually interesting because
of a lack of issues. Whenever that party
finds nothing to "declare" for, the time is
taken up in faction tights, and there will
be plenty of them on this occasion. The
free-silver men are already charging the
goldbugs with conspiring to disrupt the
party organization, and the Federal office
holders, who are goldites, of course, are
denouncing the silverites with conspiring
to lead the party into the Populist camp.
These two charges are quite enough to fur
nish an immense amount of amusement to
onlookers. It will De the purpose of. some
of the delegates to stir up strife, and since
no provision has been made for water to
quench the raging flames, or oil to pour on
the high-rolling billows of hatred, a Don
nybrook affair is sure to occur.
The Gould faction, which will be in the
majority in the convention, will be arro
gant and dictatorial, but if any one thinks
the Buckley following will take a backseat
until driven there let him go and look in
upon the convention. The party is bank
rupt so far as State issues are concerned,
and having not the remotest hope of car
rying the State, the convention will con
vert itself into a political laundry and de
vote its time to washing faction linen ; but
no matter which faction finally triumphs
there will be no soothing syrups or poul
tices for the bruised defeated. All blisters
will have to be healed according to that I
therapeutic theory that the hair of the
dog is good for the bite. It would be bet
ter every way if there were real live issues
for the convention to accept or reject ; but
there is not one except the money ques
tion, and that is one for the Chicago gath
ering to settle and not the Sacramento
convention. Still, that will be a good
enough red flag to intensify the existing
hatred which the several factions enter
tain for one another.
But in very many respects the proceed
ings of tnis convention will be decidedly
interesting. The fight between the Gould
and Buckley following will be sure to i
cause to be evolved very many things
which it would bs better for the few good
spots.in the party's record to have remain
under cover. An upheaval, however, is
inevitable, and that the public may have
the proceedings down to the smallest de
tail as clear and perfect as gifted pen and
reliable camera can join them The Call
will simply be unrivaled in its reports.
Our staff o[ descriptive writers and artists
.will be right in the center and on the out
skirts of the convention, and if you do not
see it in Thk Cam., why, it did not hap
pen, that's all. No doubt this convention
will go down in the history of the Demo
cratic party for clearness in revealing the
true inwardness of tbe methods and pur
poses of the party as no convention ever
did. .-
NOW FOR THE SLOGAN.
There's liieh jubilation
In store for the Nation-
Then oil up your lungs for the shouting!
It's a question of hours
When we'll rtacli. by the power*!
The ran k-s of Free Trade to be routing !
Good riddance to Grover?
We'll soon be in clover,
A§ sure as our wrongs we rememberi
The thing that we'll do is
Laid out at St. Louis—
We'll do it up brown in November!
Our joys they will double—
Thp land shake off trouble—
The deserts be tables of manna
When the people's convention
Fulfills its intention,
A nd that's what's the maiter with Hanna !
You legions of labor.
Your vote, like a saber,
WIU sever our low-wage connection.
Hooray for salvation
All over the Nation :
The pa.riot slogan's "Protection!"
Chari.ks D. Socth.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
M. Paul Meurice has undertaken the editing
of Victor Hugo's correspondence. Victor Hugo
was an Ideal letter-writer. He was as punctual
as Mr. Gladstone in answering communica
tions addressed to him.
Lord James of Hereford, Chancellor of the
Duchy of Lancaster, has been appointed a
member of the judicial committee of the
Privy Council, and is thus empowered to try
appeals in the House of Lord*.
j The Queen or Denmark is stone deaf, a
throat malady being responsible for the af
fliction. The Princess of Wales inherits the
same trouble. She is already so deaf that she
can hear nothing unless it is shouted into her
ear.
Sir John Milias' illness was probabiy the
cause for the high prices paid for two sketches
in oil by him in London recently. The original
idea of "The Good Knight," fourteen by ten
and a half inches, brought $4500, while tbe
still smaller first plan of the "Huguenot
Lovers" brought $3250.
A delightful official dinner i.s that given by
the mistress of the robes on the Queen's birth
day. All the Ministers' wives are invited, and,
as their husbands cannot be present on accoun
of their giving official dinners to men them
selves, the men for the dinners are selected
from the brightest and most promising of the
younger politicians
It was announced in Leavenworth, Knns.,
that Mme. Caroline yon Weber would sing at
the Sunday morning service of the Fivst Pres
byterian Church, and the church was crowded.
\V nen the service bepan, the pastor, Rev. M r
Page, announced: "I regret that Mme. yon
Weber will not sing at the morning service,
and I think we will have to worship God."
A statue of President Kruger will soon be
erected in Pretoria. It will be forty feet high
and will represent the Boer statesman in the
quaint garb, tall hat included, which he affects
on Sundays and special occasions. The statue,
which will be of bronze, will be mounted on a
pedestal ana column of granite, and at each
corner of the pedestal there will be a figure
representing a Transvaal burgher in an atti
tude of defense.
Prince Bismarck has just lost his favorite
and famous dog Tyras. The animal, which
bore the sobriquet of the "Reichshund," died
simply of old age. He was, however, not the
original Tyras, which was much talked of at
the time of the Berlin Congress, because he
bit, or tried t© bite, Prince Gortschakoff's
calves. After the decease of Tyras I tbe pres
ent Emperor gave Prince Bismarck the animal
which has just died.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Di.(ieorge Yardiey Taylor, who has charge
of a missionary hospital in Peking, China, Is
at ihe Lick. He has just returned from his old
home in Burlington, N. J., having completed a
year's visit to the United States after a resi
dence of eight years in the capital of the
Chinese Empire. He says that the hospital ii
maintained by the Presbyterian Missionary
Society of America, and costs but $2000 a year
including his own salary and that of tne corps.
But that much money goes a long, way in the
interior of China. All the cases treated are
those of Chinese, some 20,000 a year being fur
nished with medicine by the dispensary, by
which the principal part of the work Is done.
There are on the average about a half dozen
patients in the hospital. Peking with its
enormous population lias not more than fifty
American residents, children end all, and they
belong either to the missionary class or to the
diplomatic service. Dr. Taylor says he does
not believe there are over 250 Europeans in
Peking. ______
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
UNION OF SILVER FORCES.
i It Must Be Made at St. J.oas, .not at
•UIOAGO.
To the Kditor of the San Francisco Call- Sir:
Having given in my last letter conclusive rea
sons for holding that it is impossible for the
People's party or the Populists in National
Convention at St. Louis, July 22, to indorse the
candidates of the Democracy to be nominated
at Chicago, though they be well-known silver
men on an unconditional free silver platform,
■ it is now proposed to show how a compact and
solid union of all honest and earnest silver
men may be effected at St. Louis by the joint
action of the Populists and silverites in the
nomination of the same candidates on sepa
rate but not antagonistic platforms— the silver
ites, as far as they go, to be in harmony with
the Populists on the joint issue of the money
question, and not the silver question alone.
In the first place, let us see just what the sil
verites have set forth as the basis for the or
ganization which they have named the Na
tional Silver party, as adopted at the founding
of the party in Washington, D. C, January 22,
189 G. The first declaration is in these words:
"The paramount issue at this time in the
I'm ted States is indisputably the money ques
tion. It is between the gold standard, gold
bonds and bank currency on the one side, and
the bimetallic standard, no bonds and Govern
ment currency on the other." •~"~
Thia declaration is in harmony with the
People's party platform adopted at Omaha,
July 4, 1892. But this new National silver
party further declares: "We hold that the
power to control and regulate a par currency
is inseparable from the power to coin money,
and hence that all currency intended to circu
late us money should be issued and its volume
controlled by the general Government, and
should be legal tender."
The Populist doctrine as to the issue of paper
money requires that such money shall be "Is
sued by the General Government only, and
shall be a full legal tender for all debts, public
and private." As the greater includes the lees,
I joir t candidates acceptable to the Populist
National Convention will necessarily indorse
the new Populist platform, which will not be
less explicit and broadly National than the
Omaha platform.
The other two planks in the platform of the
National Silver party call for the immediate
restoration of silver to free coinage and full
debt-paying power, and demand the payment
of all Coin obligations of the United States in
either gold or silver coin at the option of the
Government, as provided; in existing laws,
and not at the option of the creditor in gold,
allot which harmonizes with the Omaha'plat
form.
All honest and earnest silver men can cer
tainly stand on the platform of the National
Silver party, and he is a sanguine man who an
ticipates the adoption of such a platform by the
National Democracy at Chicago; hence genu
ine slyer men are not going to rush wildly into
their arms, even if they have faith to believe
i that the Democracy can be trusted. Moreover,
men are not familiar with politics in any
age or country, who suppose that Intelligent
and patriotic citizens are going to unite with
a divided and disintegrating party like the
Democracy of to-day which in so many great
States has practically become absorbed by the
People's party.
On the rapid disappearance of the Democracy
and the equally rapid growth of the People's
party it may be well to note a point or two. It
l-.as been aptly said that "the most conspicu
ous fact in the Oregon election is the insignifi
cant vote cast for the Democratic candidates,
ail of whom were for free silver. This ought
to indicate to the Democrats what is likely to
happen in the National election; they will
make a free-silver platform, and then have the
mortification of seeing the bait refused by the
voters, who will go to the Populist candidates."
This certainly gives a pretty strong hint as
to how the silver issue is likely to affect the
Democratic party, and as much so in other
States as in Oregon. Kansas was long a strong
Republican State and it is now almost cer
tainly Populist. Defections from tne Republi
can ranks are bound to increase rapidly in the
present campaign, as international bimetallism
is all that can be ho]>ed for at St. Louis this
week.
But international bimetallism is rather a
moldy chestnut for IS9G, as there arc several
millions of business men, and manufacturers
in particular, who hardly know how to keep
i their doors open without seeing the Sheriff en
j ter while they wait for customers, and these
I men "desire a change," even if it has to come
j with the aid of the "more money" People's
party; and then there are other "millions of
men out of a job. and not likely to find one,
who want something more substantial and sat
isfying after the election in November to take
home to their destitute wives and little ones
than this same old moldy chestnut of bimetal
lism, for which they have been waiting these
twenty years, and they, too, "aesire a change"
right soon, and are likely to vote the People's
party "more-money" ticket and see what will
come of it. None of these men will trust the
distracted, divided and decrepit Democratic
party, now fast disappearing before the Peo
ple's party, and look to a dying party to give
them prosperity instead of starvation.
Independent voters are likely to be numer
ous this year, and since they cannot trust De
mocracy, and Republicans can only offer them
international bimetallism in a close alliance
with, if not the dominance of. the gold men.
they are pretty sure to vote tor a change by
supporting the union ticket of the Populists
and Silverites.
In conclusion, it Is safe to say that only
such partisan free-silver Democrats as would
vote the party ticket with gold men as candi
dates, and the same class of Republican free
silver men, will hesitate to ally themselves
with the union ticket nominated by Populists
and Silverites at St. Louis, and as there can be
no hope whatever of electing the Democratic
candidates, all honest and earnest free-silver
men will vote the union ticket. All this will
be clear after the nominations are made.
Joseph Asbi-ry Johnson.
11 Essex street, San Francisco.
HUDELSON SPEAKS.
I Denies Reported Attempt to Sell Out the
American Protective Association.
Ban Francisco, June 15, 189 G.
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: With
your permission I desire to spaak a few words
to the pnblic through your columns.
For some time the rumors have been going
the rounds that I have been guilty of selling
the American Protective Association to John
D. Spreckels for a money consideration, or en
tered into a bargain whereby said organiza
tion was to be sold and delivered; that I have
made the sale through C. M. Shortridge of the
San Francisco Call. In justice to myself and
the order I have the honor to preside over, as
State president, as well as C. M. Shortridge
and J. D. Spreckels, I feel called upon
to brand the charges and rumors
above referred to as infamous in their
conception and absolutely and unqualifiedly
false. I have never met Mr. V. M. Shortridge
and do not know him even by sight. I have
never met Mr. J. h. Spretksls to exceed three
times, and then other honorable gentlemen
have been present, and lam willing that every
word spoken by that gentleman or myself at
these times of meeting should be published to
the world. 1 have made no political combina
tion with Mr. Spreckels nor he with me, nor
has there ever been v political combination
talked about between us, nor hns any one had
authority from me to make any political com
bination whatever with Mr. Spreckels or any
other person, nor am I in a position as State
pregidentof the American Protective Associ
ation to make any political combination what
ever.
That I was threatened with ruin if. I did not
lend my influence in securing $55,000 from
Mr. Spreckels for certain parties in the City of
San Francisco on what I believed then, and be
lieve now, to be a "gold brick" proposition is
true. That I indignantly spurned such a propo
sition, branded the party who made it as beini?
connected with an attempt at extortion, and
defied them to lay on and do their Worst, is
also true, and the reason that 1 am now being
branded by these conspirators is because I
spurned their proposition and when the time
comes for me to give to the pnblic the facts;
and lay before them the evidence in my pos
session, there will be a rattling of dry bones
and one of the blackest conspiracies that has
ever been entered into will be unearthed and
the conspirators held up before the public for
the execration they so richly deserve.
I most respectfully ask tlie public to with
hold judgment until both sides have had a
hearing, and the reason that I do not give the
evidence and all the facts at the orefent time
is that an investigation within tbe organiza
tion that I have the honor to preside over is
now being carried on. Respectfully,
B. K. Hvdelson.
PERSONAL.
F. A. Wilner, U. S. N., is at the Palace.
Dr. F. Ainsworth of Los Angeles is at the
Grand.
State Senator R. Under of Tulare is a guest
at the Lick.
O. J. Woodward, the Fresno banker, is regis
tered at the Lick with his wife.
F. Newell, a wealthy stock-raiser of Delano,
Cal., is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
F. O'Neill, a well-known business man of
New York, is staying at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Dr. E. A. Bryant, a leading surgeon of Los
Angeles, is visiting the City and staying at the
Grand.
H. Johnston of Sissons, who is largely inter
ested in mines, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Brigadier-General George A. Sternberg, head
of the United States Army Medical Depart
ment, has returned to the Palace with his
wife, after a few days in the country.
Bertrand Beer, a capitalist of New Orleans,
is at the Palace with his wife and child. They
are on a pleasure trip, and from here will go
to Alaska, returning home by way of the
Yellowstone National Park, Glenwood
Springs and Salt Lake.
Mrs. Henry Peterson, wife of the champion
oarsman, returned from a visit to friends in
Oregon yesterday. She was very ill on the run
down the coast and had to be carried from the
steamer to a hack. Her husband has been in
attendance on her ever since and her friends
are now glad to know that she is on the road
to recovery. _ _____^_____ -—
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 15.— Mr. and Mrs.
N. J. Bantun and child lett the St. Cloud to sail
per the steamship Havel for Bremen via
Southampton. Mr. J. Morrison is nere on a
shopping visit. At the Albert— J. E. Powers;
Bartholdi— G. G. Baker; Imperial— Mrs. L. Lo
max, W. McKay; Broadway Central— C. H.
Woorth; Holland— C. M. Maxwell; Amster
dam—Mrs. P. and Miss A. McDonald, A. Mc-
Kiesman. S. Baer and Miss Anna Marquardt
arrived on the Havel.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"Have you heard about young Molard ? He
has just walked off with 30,000 francs of his
employer's money."
"Ha, ha ! the lucky rascal !"
"Besides he has bolted with your umbrella."
"Oh, the internal scamp !"— Le Papillon.
"I am stuck on you," was the remark of the
poster girl to the wall.
'•That is quite flattering," answered the wall,
"from one so well posted as you are."—lndian
epolis Journal.
Photographer— Photograph, sir T
Customer— Yes, sir.
Photographer— lnside or outside, sir?— Puck.
'Mary, I hope you took good care of my ani
mals while I was away."
"Indeed I did; ouly once I forgot to feed the
cat."
"I hope she didn't suffer."
"Oh, no. She ate the canary bird and the
parrot."— Fliegende Blaetter.
Mr. Mimms— Anastasia, I found our son,
Robert, in a poolroom to-day.
Mrs. Mimins— ln a poolroom ! The dear boy !
Taking a bath, was he?— Cleveland Plain
dealer.
He (earnestly)— Am I, the first man you ever
kissed?
She— Of course you are. How stupid men
are ! I never knew one who didn't ask that.—
New York Herald.
Magistrate— Prosecutor accuses you of hav
ing bitten his hand.
Prisoner— That is impossible, sir. I am a
vegetarian.— Tit-Bits.
Mr. Bickers— The talkativeness of women is
universally acknowledged.
Mrs. Bickers— Oh, it is, is it?
Mr. Bickers —It Is. The term "mother
tongue" is idiomatic in most languages.—De
troit Free Press.
The messenger-boy enters panting, and the
man who called him looks up in wild aston
ishment.
"My boy," he says, "you haven't been run
ning V"
"Yes, sir," replies the youth; "it's rainin'
outside !"— Cleveland Plaiudealer.
•'What do you consider the greatest argu
ment against marriage?" asked the maiden oi
the confirmed bachelor.
"Bloomers," replied the bachelor.— Chicago
Post.
Smith— Jones tells me he has been engaged
to fill a vacancy in Coin's banking house.
Withsmith— Yes; a lot of plaster fell off the
ceiling and he's going to repair the hole—De
troit Journal.
She— Oh, do look at Mr. Wright, the poet !
What a rapt expression he has! He must be
thinking of some sublime stanza or sonnet.
He (another poet)— Thinking of himself, I
reckon.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Millson— l understand that your husband dis
tinguished himself at the club dinner last
night.'
Mrs. Stillson— Really? I marvel at that; for,
from all that I can gather, I am' sure he
couldn't distinguish his friends across the
table after the fifth course.— Town Topics.
COLORED GLASS BOTTLES
Judge Morrow Kenden a Decision a*
to the I > 1 1 1 v on Pints and
Quarters.
Judge Morrow of the United States Dis
trict Court handed down an opinion yes
terday affecting every importer of colored
glass botties in the United States. The
suit in question was an appeal made by
W. R. Grace & Co. from a decision of the
General Board of Appraisers in the matter
of duty on 14.400 pint bottles imported by
tbe appellants.
Collector Wise held that the bottles were
subject to a duty of l] 4 cents per pound as
provided for by paragraph 88 of the Wil
son bill. The case was carried to the Gen
eral Board of Appraisers and the Collec
tor sustained on the ground that they
came under the provision 0/ the act regu
lating the duty on bottles not larger than
one pint and not less than one-quarter of
a pint. In other words they were vials
within the meaning and intent of the law.
Grace & Co. held that the bottles were
not vials and were not: known as such.
They should have been dutiable either un
der the section providing for "other col
ored bottles" with an ad valorem duty of
40 per centum or classed as "other colored
glass bottles not named in this act" and
subject to a duty of % of 1 cent per pound.
Judge Morrow reviewed the section
fully, reaching the conclusion that bottles
of the cnaracter named •w^re subject to a
duty of 1% cents per pound.
PETITION THE BOARD.
The Woman's Federation Ask For-
niiilly for a Woman Doctor.
The Woman's Federation . met yester
day afternoon and discussed : the Receiv
ing Hospital and the City Prison. At the
suggestion of the president, Mrs., Bates, it
was resolved to make a request to the pub
lic to send old and wornout clothing to the
matrons of both, institutions.
The following letter to the Board of
Health was unanimously approved and
adopted : \*--> yv
Honorable Board of Health— Gentlemen: In
view of the recent crimes against childhood
occurring in our City, necessitating the exam
ination of children and young girls, the moth
ers of San Francisco have been aroused- to the
great need of : having a. woman physician in
regular attendance at the Receiving Hospital ;•
therefore we, the undersigned, a committee of
the Woman's Federation for Public Good, do
most respectfully request your honorable body
to appoint a woman physician 011 the staff of
the Receiving Hospital. •-":■;
. . Mrs. R. Patterson, ,
Mks. K. K. Bates,
Dr. Trybhinne, «'.••;■*
B. Janes,
WORKS TO DEFEND
FRENCH FORESTS
Pierre Boissaye Is Here
on a Government
Mission.
THE EFFECT OF FIRES.
Has Two Thousand Men Under
Him to Protect Timber
in France.
EXACTING KTJLES ENFORCED.
Will Complete a Trip Around the
World and Observe Forest
Growths.
Pierre Boissaye, general guard of the
forests of France, arrived here yesterday
on a special trip around the world to ex
amine different forest conditions for the
French Government. What his position
signifies may be inferred from the fact
that he has under him between 1500 ana
1800 men and 450 officers, who care for the
timber lands and protect them from depre
dations and forest fires.
He says ih&t there are 350,000 square
miles of forest lands in France and 100,000
square miles of beautiful timber lands in
the French possessions in Africa. The
Government owns one-third of all forest
districts and exercises complete control
over all the remainder. No trees or tim
ber can be cut or destroyed, even by the
private owners, without a permit from tbe
Government, and if the Government does
not see fit to grant the permit that settles
the matter. To cause a forest fire is a
crime punishable by life imprisonment.
Consequently, forest fires are very rare.
M. Boissaye arrived in America in
March, but has spent most of his time in
the Canadian forests. He mentioned with
regret the vast areas of fire-swept timber
he saw along the Canadian Pacific .Rail
road.
One of the purposes of the trip is to learn
how long it talces a forest to revive and
practically to reproduce itself after being
burned.
He purposes to visit the different big
tree groups in this State before starting for
Japan. From the empire of the Mikado
he will go to the French possessions in
China and thence to Ceylor, and finally
pay a short visit to Africa before returning
to bis headquarters in Nice, where he
hopes to arrive about October.
M. Boissaye is a man probably not more
than 30 years of age, and wears a full,
round beard and close-cropped hair. He
is staying at the Grand.
LADY'S TEA GOWN.
This model is much Hked because it admits
of charming combinations and is the ideal
way to use such graceful stuffs as liberty silk
or satin chiffon, silk crepe, etc.
The front of the gown itself hangs loose from
the neck, unconfined by darts. The full front
is also simply straight from the neck, and may
be worn loose or confined by a ribbon. The
bishop sleeve and sailor collar are becoming
and stylish features. A gown of black silk
checked with lines of green had a green chif
fon front, with collar of black mousseline de
soie with appliqued lace braid.
A gown of blue and white challie had a white
lawn front with tiny ruffles of Valenciennes
lace set on crosswise about two inches apart. A
collar of white lawn finished this charmingly
cool and dainty gown.
A green crepon with collar and loose front
of pesu de soie was very handsome. White
chiffon ruffles finished the edges of the collar.
IN THE REDWOODS.
A Trip for People Who Enjoy a Quiet,
Kespectable Outing.
Next Sunday the first passenger train to
enter Bohemian Grove on the Russian
River, three miles below Guerneville, vi ill
be a special chartered by J. E. Locke, on
which occasion that gentleman will take
the ladies and gentlemen of this City and
suburbs who enjoy a quiet, respectable
outing into one of the most attractive re
gions within a day's travel of the metropo
lis. It is the grove of big redwoods se
lected by the Bohemian Oiub for its annual
"high jinks." and from this fact its name
is derived. i
A more charming locality for a day's
outing could not be selected. To this is
added the additional feature of reserving
seats on the train for the round trip, in
the same manner as theater seats are re
served, which avoids the rush ana confu
sion which always attend the departure
of the ordinary excursion train. At the
same time the rate for the trip has been
put away down to $125, with a half-rate
for children under 12 years of age.
Mr. Locke arranges his excursions with
the special object of drawing out into the
country the nicest people in the City, and
his success has been remarkable. He ca
ters to ladies and gentlemen who are not
satisfied with the old-style Sunday picnic
and has introduced his modern high-grade
excursion' for their benefit. Tickets are to
be obtained only at his office and resi
dence, . 333 O'Farrell street, from 1 to 9
p. m. daily. In case the limit of the train
is not reached by Saturday ; night, a lim
ited number of unreserved seat tickets will
be sold by him at the ferry Sunday morn
ing, but under no circumstances can tick
ets be obtained except upon personal ap
plication to Mr. Locke. By pursuing this
course the character of the people attend- !
ing is known and the interests of his pa
trons are protected.
-■■■>
The Palaces of Millionaires.
Millionaires are generally supposed to
be very superstitious; but if the fear of
ill-fortune were to deter any of the tribe
from erecting stately houses in. London,
he would certainly be justified by prece
dent. To take a few cases. The downfall
of Hudson, the rail .vay king, followed on
his beginning to build a house for him
self which should eclipse all others.
Baron Albert Grant never got further
than the foundations of tbe palace which
he intended to have named Kensington
Court. Mr. Sanford had hardly rebuilt
the interior of his house in Carlton House
Terrace when "Argentines" went down
and he was obliged to sell it to Mrs.
Mackay. The completion of Lord Revel
stoke's palace in Charles street coincided
with the Baring crisis, and it has been to
let ever since. Lord Kosebery rebuilt his
house just in time to enable him to occupy
it on the collapse of the Government.
Now the disasters which have fallen on
the Chartered Company coincide with the
completion of the external structure of
Mr. Beit's mansion in Park Lane.— -St.
James Gazette.
One of the painful episodes of the Paris Com
mune, the shooting of Monsiguore Darboy,
Archbishop of Paris, and his ft'llow hostages,
was commemorated on May 24, the twenty
lifth anniversary, by requiem masses in the
Paris churches.
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
"I think," said the statesman who didn't
have any great hopes anyway, "that it would
be a good plan to make these here campaign
buttons of mine with eyes to 'em, so that, ef
the demand is smaller than the supply, I c»m
sell 'em to some overhauls factory or some
thing of the kind."— lndianapolis Jouruat.
•99 75 to Washington, I>. C, and Re
turn.
The official excursion to the fifteenth annual
convention of the Young People's Society Chris
tian Kndeavorat Washington. D. C, July 7, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, June 29, at '2 p. m.
and Han Francisco Tuesday, June HO, at 7 a.m.
The route will be via the Central Pactiic, Union
Pacilic, Chicago and Northwestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
under the personal supervision of G. \v. CaniDbell,
president of tho California Christian Kndeavor
Union, 18 North Second Street. San Jose, and
William U. Alexander, ex-president of the Cali
fornia Christian Kndeavor Union, 21 North Fourth
street, San Jose. For further information and
reservation of berths apply to either of the gentle
men ortoD. W. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
Han Francisco: C. K. Bray. 2 New Montgomery
street. San Francisco: G. i\ Herr, Ml South Spring
street, Los Angeles, or to any ticket ageut of the
Southern Pacific Comnany.
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorailo.
An excellent opportunity for seeini? this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions lo leave San Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic and I'acitlo
Railroad. Fare includes slace trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Titos.
Cook tfe Son, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific Kallroad. H. «'. Hush, assistant general
passenger agent, 6l Chronicle building, S. i\
St. Louis Convention.
Parties taking advantage of the cheap rates to
the Republican Convention can secure tickets re
turning via St. Paul and the Nor hem Pacific
Railroad. T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
Mothers give Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters
to their children to stop colic and looseness of th«
bowels.
Thk charm of beauty is beautiful hair. Secure
it with I'iiikrr'sHaisßauam.
I'ahkkks Ginokb Tonic cures inward pains.
"My friend," said the philanthropist, "you
ought to change your methods. Do you ex
pect to put in your life stopping people and ask
ing them for money?"
"Dere it is agin," said Meandering Mike in
an aggrieved tone. "Dere ain't no use 'er try in'
ter satisfy everybody: If I stops people and
asks 'em fur money you say I oughter be
ashamed, an' ef I stops 'em and takes deir
money widout askin' de p'lice runs me in." —
Washington Star.
NEW TO-DAT.
JL Gives Free
; Beautiful articles richly decorated.
' Also white porcelain and china ware.
: 3 cups and saucers, 3 plates,"
I 1 vegetable dish, 1 salad bowl,
! 1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish, • -^i* "
! Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers, ■
i 3 table tumblers, butter dish,
j . Sugar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
I Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
I A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound. ' ; /^
5O C TEAS, any kind.
; Colima Pure Spices,
; Colima Baking Powder, .
! Great American Importing Tea Go.
, MONEY SAVING STORES!
| 1344 Market st. • 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore si.
I 617 Kearny st. 965 Market st. - v
1419 Polk st. ■ 3006 Sixteenth st.
I 521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
! 333 Hayes st 3259 Mission st*
52 Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
I 1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
j 131 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St.. Alameda.
PHILADELPHIA "SHOTS
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
mi Hk cm nn
SPECIAL FOR $1.90.
A good article is always cheap, but a cheap good
article is better. This week we will sell at a sacri-
fice a first-class KUSSKT KID OXFORD, with
razor toes and tips and brown cloth tops. It is a
. high-grade article sold at, a cheap price. By
buying it you net style, fit and durability. This
Oxford formerly sold for $2 50 and f3, but we
have cut the price to $1 9'J for the coming week.
The ever-popular South- <T>n mm \^ mm >\
em Tie is still a favorite, Jn I Ml J
and we will this wet- offer ■ '-■ '
a bargain that should not _#»*».' *' -^
■be overlooked. First Qua]- €2>»&K»»*^^/
ity Uusset Kid Southern
'lies, with lirown Cloth iKMH^vlf
lops, and Extra Pointed Xa3**r^jtair
Toes and Tips, which are jg >SH
worth $2 50 to %{, will ''" ■^f,, m gn**?fi*i(lr^
sold at a sacrifice for $1 90. "- 1 "■■" '-■ii.,^»»s«tf r jy
. JO" Country orders solicited.
tar Mend for New Illustrated Catalogue
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San FrancUco.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
SPRAINS AND BRUISES.rUKSDAY JUKE 19> 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
RAi.nwiN Thf.atkr.--a Gilded Fool."
California THEATEB.-"The Home Secretary."
Coi.rMßiA 1 BEAT«»-"The Charity Ball."
Mokosco's Gpxiu-Housk— -New York Day By
May. ' MK2m&\
Tivolj OPXBA-Houex.— "Lorraine."'
•'kphei'ji- High-Class Vaudeville
O rover's >icA7A>t.-"The Little Detective,"
Park Thkatkr— Grove street, between l'olk
inrl Van Ness avenue— " Cruiskeen Lawn," Sat-
irday evening, June 20.
The Emporium.— Concert to-morrow night, by
the Emporium Orchestra.
5-vtro Conky Island— Bathing and Perform-
tnces.
i Shoot the Chtjtks— Daily at Haight street, one
Hock east of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion- and Picnic— To Glen Ellen, Wed-
nesday. June 17.
Excursion— Mt. Shasta, Saturday, June 20.
i Kxcirsion- To Bohemia Grove, Sunday,
June 21. |
AUCTION SALES.
By Chas, Levy & Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By A. L. Cresswkll— This day (Tuesday), Fur-
niture, at 1410 Bush street, at 11 o'clock.
By S. Basch— day (Tuesday), Furniture,
at salesroom, 319 Sutler street, at 10:30 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
. The Fourth of July Committee will dismiss
its paid collectors and have volunteers.
The closing exercises of St. Patrick's School
were held in St. Vincent Hall yesterday.
An unprecedentea sale of tickets for the
Corbett-Sharkey fight opened yesterday.
Prizes will be given to the schools making |
the best show in the Fourth of July parade.
Somewhat cloudy Tuesday morning; contin
ued warm weaiher.— Forecast Official McAdie.
George E. White, the cattle kintr,"*was sent
to the County Jail yesterday for contempt of
court.
The Labor Bureau Association will move in
to us new quarters at 915 1 - Market street early
next week.
The Presbytery ratineO yesterday the formal j
call of Rev. S. J. Kennedy to St. John's Presby- J
terian Church.
Judge Seawell yesterday declined to increase
Randolph Simpson's allowance from his
father's estate.
A Japanese Patriotic Club in uniform and
armed with muskets will participate in the
F< urth of July parade.
The International Journeymen Barbers'
Union will be formed to-night" with a charter
membership of 113 names.
The Finance Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors has pledgea itself in favor of a low
tax levy, if not a dollar limit.
Rev. J. B. Knight addressed the Baptist
Preachers' Conference yesterday on "Opening
Scenes of the Judgment Day."
The Woman's Federation resoived yesterday
to petition the Board of Health for a lady doc
tor for the Receiving Hospital.
The Republican Executive Council met last
night to make arrangements for the ratifica
tion meeting on Saturday evening.
The Supreme Court yesterday reversed the
decision of the lower court in the case of Ru
dolph Spreckels against the Nevada Bank.
The ordinance giving the Supervisors the
power of granting permits for boxing contests
was finally passed by the board yesterday.
Tho jury in the case of Leo de Cardena,
charged with forgery, brought in a verdict last
night of not guilty, on account of variances.
William Patterson's paint-shop at b"2o'.,
Union street was visited by burglars last Fri- ,
day night and the place completely cleaned ;
out.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Biardof Supervisors has filed a scathing re- j
port on the sanitary condition of the City
Prison.
R. Porter Ashe was summoned as a witness !
In the Ashley-Beldwin suit yesterday, but was '<
excused because his testimony was not ad- j
missible.
Two of the crew of the schooner Vesta were !
washed off the spanker boom au<i drownod j
while th'- lrniml was on her way from Hueneme j
to Port lilakeiey.
J. J. Corbett easily defeats J. C. Nealon in a I
handbill contest. He als^o plays a tie game
with Albert Hpmpton. the champion amateur
of the Pacific Coast.
Count d'Orzeszko, who has been examining I
some rich gold mines near Port Arthur. China, |
is- in this City on his way home to England j
with information for English syndicates con
cerning the mines.
Pierre Boissaye, general guard of tne forests
of France, is here on a special Government
trip around the world for the purpose of
studying forest growth*.
The btmetallists of this City last evening I
elected delegates to the National Convention !
of th American Silver Organization, to be held j
next month at St. Louis.
Throneh the mistake of the printer Trinity
School of thih City was omitted from the pub- |
li>hi-a list of schools «ccredited this year by
the University of California.
A lively rivalry is on between the candi
dates for the office of major-general of the Na
tional Guard, made vacant by the resignation
of General Dimond. The Governor says there
is no politics in the matier.
Judge Campbell decidca yesterday to hold
Frank McNeil to answer before the Superior I
Court in $5000 bonds, but reserved his de- I
cision upon the charge till to-day.
Jnmes A. Maloney, a commercial traveler, |
was arrested last night on the charge of bat- !
tery upon Alice HenciricKs, a young girl em- \
ployed in a candystore on Kearny street.
Mrs Martha Zeiger calmly describes how she ;
strangled her bibe to death and says her
arromplire, Henry Sutter. who is still missing, j
completed the murder by a blow of his fist-
The barkentine Sharpshooter sailed for Aus
tralia yesterday. As she whs getting under
way Second Mate Roberts fell from the poop to
the main deck and broke his arm. He was sent
ashore.
Frederick Saunders, proprietor of the Sunny
Delaware lndging-house, 1151 Market street,
was arrested yesterday for threatening to kill
Howard Armstrong, a boarder, because he
kissed his wife.
The report of the committee of the Geo
graphical Society of the Pacific, appointed to
inve.-tigate the genuineness of tne Jeannette
relic?, has just been printed. It predicts suc
cess for Dr. Nansen.
Lumber is a drug in the market just now,
and hnlf a dozen vessels are lying in Mission
Bay awaiting a chance to discharge. Freight
rates have been cut in consequence and many
of the EChooners will lie up.
The Polytechnic High School held its gradu
ating exercises last nijfbt in Odd Fellows'
Hall, and the Hamilton Grammar pupils re
ceived their diplomas in the afternoon in the
auditorium of the Girls' High School.
The name of the girl victim of the notorious
Osman Day, who tried to commit suicide Sun
day night, is Liilie O'Neil of Petaluma. She
recovered and left the Receiving Hopital yes
terday vowing that she would kill herself.
Miss Mary Redman, a pretty dressmaker, hag
begun suit against Thoma* Carter, capitalist
and contractor, for $50,000 damages for
breach of promise of marrißfje. He says it is
blackmail, that he will tight the case, that he
sompromised with her once for $5000, and has
? iven her in all $15,000.
The first of the three suits of the Koe heirs
!oc)ii)et title to a large tract of land in the
Mission was on trial yesterday before Judge
?an<lerson. The plaintiffs, after proving a
?rant lrom Pio Pico to the plaintiffs' ancestor,
lose Jesus Noe, proved the relationship of the
ilairoantK, introduced a patent from the
L'nited States confirming the grant and
)ffered to close the case. The attorney aiter
vard changed his mind, and he will continue
.o-day at 10 a. m.
The Boulevard Ordinance.
Ten drivers of heavy wagons were arrested
resterday at different times by Mounted Police
nen H. C Smith, for violating the boulevard
trdinance on Golden Gate avenue. Several
irfc sth we re made after the ordinance went
mo eflVct &s a warning toothers, but recently
ill sorts of vehicles have been driveu along
the avenue and a raid was made upon the
drivers yesterday.
Marye'i Estate in Court.
George T. Marye was yesterday appointed
pecial administrator on the estate of Orrick
Valton Marye, who commuted suicide at the
Jaid win Hotel one day last week.
Cuiininßhiiin'H ProDerti
Alia J. Cunningham has applied for letters
f administration on the estate of her brother,
than! Cunningham. The property is valued
t $21, 307.
LoaM on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
**rns', 16 Grant avenue.
LUMBER A DRUG
IN THE MARKET
Many Schooners in Mission
Bay Awaiting a Chance
to Discharge.
FREIGHT RATE REDUCED
Owners of Vessels Cannot Make
Any Money So They Will
Tie Them Up.
WERE DROWNED IN MID-OCEAN
Two of the Crew of the Schooner
Vesta Washed From the
Spanker Boom.
Lumbermen are getting very much con
cerned over the dullness of trade. All the
yards are full and there is no demand, as
very few wooden buildings are going up.
At the present time there are at least naif
a dozen laden schooners in Mission Bay
and three or four more which were there
last week have unloaded their cargoes
onto scows and tied up in Oakland Creek.
As soon as the others can get rid of their
loads they also will follow suit, as it does
not pay to carry lumber here from coast
ports any more.
A month ago the ruling rate was $3 50
per thousand feet, and at that figure own
ers of sailing vessels could pay expenses
and make a living. When dull times came
ihe rate was cut to $3, but still the vessels
worked on. A few days ago another cut of
25 cents was made, and before the end of
the month the rate may be $2 50 per thou
sand feet. In consequence all the fleet is
being laid up, and by the Fourth of July
Oakland Creek will probably have fifteen or
twenty schooners on its mudflats. Sailors
who left deep-water ships to go "coasting"
are now only too glad to get back on any
outward bound ship that is short of men.
The lumber fleet in Mission Bay has been
tying there nearly a week waiting an op
portunity to discharge their cargoes.
The barkentine Sharpshooter got away
on her Australian journey yesterday.
Everything is now shipshape and her
owners are confident that she will make a
quick passage. Just before sailing time
Second Mate E. Roberts fell from the poop
to the main deck and broke his arm. He
was sent ashore and the arm set. Another
mate was secured and the vessel put to
sea. The men who deserted from the
barkentine when she put back last week
say they had good cause for leaving the
vessel. Accordine to them they never
had a "watch below" from the time the
Sharpshooter left San Francisco until they
got back again, three days later. They
deny having filled tbe boat with sand and
say she was in good condition when they
left her near tne old Seiby Smelting
Works.
The cruiser Philadelphia and monitor
Monadnoct sailed for Santa Cruz yester
day. They will participate in the water
carnival and after that wilt return to San
Francisco for the glorious Fourth.
Another attempt to raise the Blairmore
will be made this morning. After Sun
day's disastrous failure the men took a
rest, and the only work done yesterday
was in the nature of repairing damages.
The big mooring anchor was raised, and
the Whitelaw was moved so as to be in line
with the sunken ship. New hawsers were
bent and the air-ho«e repaired. The Brit
ish ship Ellisland was moved out of the
way, and a new pump was placed in posi
tion. Captain Burns will see that every
thing is in eood working order, and then
the pumps, wreefcer and tugs will make
one more attempt to raise the vessel.
A new schooner for the lumber trade
was launched at Fairhaven yesterday.
She was christened the Albert Meyer, and
will carry 600,000 feet of lumber.
The schooner Vesta from Hueneme for
Port Blakeley 10-t two of her crew over
board. Second Mate Johnson and a sailor
named Jorgensen were knocked off the
spanker-boom daring the night, and were
lost in tbe darkness. The vessel was
hove to, but the men were never seen
again.
TRINITY IS ACCREDITED.
Unintentionally Omitted From the Pub
lished List of Schools Recognized
by the State University.
Through an error of the printer Trinity
School of this City was omitted from the
published list of schools accredited by the
University of California for the present
year.
Secretary Bonte of the university upon
discovering the error sent to Rev. E. B.
Spnlding, rector of Trinity School, a letter
explaining how the omission came to be
made.
Trinity School has long stood so nigh
among the secondary schools of the State
that the unintentional omission would
doubtless surprise many who do not know
that it was due to a mistake. Over a
hundred graduates have left the school,
half of whom have entered universities
here and in the East.
The school was one of the firsc of pri
| vate schools to be accredited and isrankeJ
very high in scholarship by the academic
council of the University of California.
COUPER LOSES HIS SUIT.
Difficnltie* That Arose From the Prod-
uct of an Oregon Farm.
Judges Hawley, Koss and Gilbert of the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
1 banded down a decision yesterday affect
ing the right of a court to appoint a re
ceiver on mortgaged property, even though
such a condition was named in the mort
gage at the time it was executed.
On Marcn 26, 1894, William Thompson
brought suit in the Circuit Court of Ore
gon to foreclose a mortgage on farming
lards given by James Q. Shirley, to secure
payment of two promissory notes of $10,000
each. It was stipulated in this particular
contract that tne court might, on motion
of the mortgagee, appoint a rec- iver to col
lect the rents during the pendency of fore
closure. E. J. Couper was named by the
mortgagee as receiver, and proceeded to
fulfill the duties of his office. When he
made his returns, however, the court held
tnat bis appointment, regardless of the
fact that the mortgaee permitted it, was
against the laws of the State, and conse
quently he was not entitled to receive any
compensation for the services performed.
Couper appealed the case, the Court of
Appeals, as previously stated, upholding
the decision of the lower tribunal. Couper
will now have to look to the mortgagee for
his money.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1896.
Lumber Is a Drug in the Market, and There Ar*; Now at Least Half a Dozen Loaded Schooners in
z Mission Bay Awaiting a Chance to Discharge. Rates Have Been Cut a Dollar a Thousand, and
the Vessels Will Tie Up in Consequence.
[Sketched by a "Call" artitt.]
THE TUNY WAY
TO KNOWLEDGE
Tis Trodden Manfully hy
the Public School
Pupils.
SCHOLASTIC HONORS WON
Lessons a Secondary Considera
tion at the Close of a
Term.
DIPLOMAS IN GREAT DEMAND.
Graduating Exercises of the Polytech
nic High and Hamilton Gram*
mar Schools.
This is the last week of the term in the
public schools of Ban Francisco and very
little attention is being given to lessons by
either teachers or pupils. Tbe teachers
are thinking of the welcome vacation,
which is so near at hand, and boys ana
girls are dreaming and talking of their di
plomas, medals, etc.
Day by day witnesses the closing exer
cises of one or more of the schools.
At Odd Fellows' Hall last night there
was a musical entertainment, given by the
graduating class of the Polytecunic High
School, of which Walter N. Bush is prin-
The exercises began with a musical
overture, at the conclusion of which the
class was formally presented by Miss
Josie O'Rourke to the president of the
Board of Education and the president of
tne Alumni Association.
Responses were made by Dr. 0. A. Clin
ton of the Board of Education and Presi
dent Henry Pernau of the Alumni Asso
ciation.
"The Society Reporters' Christmas," an
amusing farce, was cleverly performed
with the following cast of characters:
William Swallowtail, the reporter, William
L. Curtis; Jacob Scaffold, a house painter,
Hoyt Sherman; Mrs. Susan Swallowtail, his
daughter, Clarice Maison; Little Eva, her
daughter, Lucien White; lnterlineator aud
apolngiste. Evelyn Conn.
Vocal and instrumental music was sup
piied by the Mandolin Club and the Glee
Club. These consist of students of the
school organized as follows:
P. H. S. Mondolln Club (Elbert Cowan, '98,
director)— First violins— Elbert Cowan, '98;
Rudolph Lachman, .Hulda Harris, '97. Sec
ond violin— James Kcyston, '98; Jessie
Kramer, '98. First mandolin— Gus Lachman,
'95; Lizzie Shan ley, Herbert Burns, 96; Ida
Garbarino, '88. Second mandolin— Edward
Lackman, '98; Jose Caceres, '98; Kate Tab
rett, '94. Guitars— May Tabrett, '96, Georgie
Poultney, '96; Mattie Fest, '97; Gertrude
Baldwin, '97 ; Gertie Doegett, '98. Cello— Miss
L. Beckbusen. Flute— George Newbauer, '96.
Piano — Charles L. Turner.
P. H. S. Glee Club— C. L. Turner, director.
Sopranos— Miss M. Schuur, '98; Miss G. Norton,
'98; Miss C. Macklin, '97. Altos— Miss F.
O'Connor, '98; Miss L. Goetzee, '98; Miss F.
Schuchert, '98. Tenors— F. Adams, '95; G. F.
Kelly, '98; D. Monasch, '98; F. H. Hammer,
'98 ; H. Dinau. Bassos— U. E. Morton, '96; W.
L. Curtin, '96; S. M. Crim, '96; H. Morton, '98;
C. D. Lowe, '98.
The happy young graduates will receive
their diplomas from Superintendent Bab
cock to-day at the school. Following is a
list of the students who served as a recep
tion committee:
MissG. Brind, '97; Miss E. Conn, '97; Miss
E. Birth, 97; Mi*s A. Galloway, '97; Edwin
Bachman, '98; Edward Cosgriff, '9s; Arthur
East on, '98; Charles Lowe, '98; Joseph
Schmidt, '9B; Frank Underhill, '98; Miss M.
Pernau, '96; Miss K. Murphy, 96; Miss E.
Schroeder, '97; Miss N. Anthony, '97;
Sidney Phillips, '98; Henry Dubois, '98; Edgar
Leic liter, '98; Herbert Marton, '98; Roger Ly
ons, '98; Louis Clodi, '98.
An overture by the Friday Night Or
chestra began the closing exercises of the
Hamilton Grammar School, held yester
day afternoon in the auditorium of the
Girls' High School. Following is the com
position of the orchestra:
First violin, P. Gordon, B. Pollak; second
violin, J. Lowenthau, A. Taylor; viola, W.
Buah: cornet, A. Levy; flute, G. Newbauer,
piano, E. Urry; drum, A. Clarke.
The remainder of the programme com
prised a salutatory by Frieda Hauser, a
piano solo by Ernestine liasoh, "My Visit
to the University" (composition) by Hen
riette Lacoste, a violin solo by J. B. Single,
accompanied by E. Urry: '"Flowers"
(composition), by Etta Parsons; "Home"
(composition), by Verna Harrison; a val
edictory by Fannie de Boom, interspersed
with class songs and recitations, and con
cluding with a distribution of diplomas
and medals.
Case Dismissed.
J. F. Carter, bartender in the Junction saloon,
appeared before Judge Low yesterday to
answer the charge of battery upon the boy,
Louis Schmidt, a witness in a suit against the
Southern Pacific. The boy gave his evidence
in a straightforward manner but the evidence
against him was overwhelming and the case
was dismissed.
INSULTED A YOUNG GIRL.
James A. Maloney Arrested and
Charged With Battery.
James A. Maloney, a well-dressed man
32 years of age, who says he is a commer
cial traveler, was arrested laat night on
Marset street by Policeman Coleman on
the charge of battery.
The complaining witness against him
was Alice Hendricks, a pretty girl 16 years
of age, employed in a candy-store on
Kearny street. She said she was on her
way home from the store, and on turning
into Market street Maloney accosted her
and asked her to have dinner with him.
She spurned his offer and walked on.
Maloney followed her and bumped ud
against her and again asked her to have
dinner with him.
She felt bo indignant that she hunted
for a policeman and met Coleoian. She
told him what bad occurred and that she
wanted Maloney arrested. Coleman
placed him under arrest and took him to
the prison, accompanied by the girl.
Maloney declined to make any statement.
He said he had been drinking heavily for
the past five days.
RATIFY THE NOMINATION.
Meeting of the Republican Executive
Council Last Night.
The Republican Executive Council met
last night in Judge Bahrs' courtroom to
make arrangements for participating in
the ratification meeting on Saturday even
ing.
There was a large attendance, Judge
Cooney, president, being in the chair.
Several presidents of district clubs were
present and handed in the names of the
marshal for their respective clubs for the
parade. Among :he marshals is Mrs. L.
M. Remington for tbe Woman's State Re
publican Club. All the presidents who
have not reported the name of the mar
shal aro requested to do so at once to
I Grand Marshal James E. Field at the E«n
-j porium on Market street.
SAUSALITO PODLSELLERS
Town Trustees Order the En
forcement of the Anti-Pool
Ordinance.
Two Poolsellers Convicted Yesterday
and They Will Be
Fin d
Two poolsellers, Kittle and Eisner, were
tried before Judge Pryor and a jury in
Sausalito yesterday on the charge of vio
lating ordinance No. 33. A verdict o!
guiltr was brought in and & fine will be
imposed next Friday.
In the meantime two sets of poolroom
furniture, etc, arrived in Sausalito.
At a special meeting of tbe Town Trus
tees held last evening at Sausalito the City
Attorney was instructed to enforce the or
dinance Telating to poolselJing and to
cause the arrest not only of tbe principals
but of all persons found in the poolrooms
for unlawful purposes.
Shortly after this action was taken com
| municat'ions were read from W. H. Harri
l son <fe Co. and from Jackman & Co. asking
for a license to open pool commission
rooms. The communications were placed
on tile.
A M Using Boy.
Chief Crowley received a letter yesterday from
Mrs. Murray. Butte. Mont., asking him to find
her son James, who sudaenly left his home
about Rix months ago and was last heard of in
this City. He is 16 years of age, a plumber by
trade, 5 feet 7 inches tall, with liirht com
plexion, blue eyes, large forehead, light
brown hair and two small scars over his left
eye.
Registration Figure*.
Registration yesterday was 245; registration
to date, 3399. These figure* were furnished
by William M. Hinton, Registrar.
_ NEW TO-DAT.
F~~l3Er 17 SACHET ~~
F nLL powder.
.
£§SbWI///^&&<&0. W$S% " To more wisely popularize
\ America's Leading Corset" the
</■/) ( =tiilißlWj»TiHP# makers will send dainty and
•><&* '"^KNULWUXS ele g ant perfumes FREE of
■•^^rv^^^vl^S^niMr^ char e from the following as
ÜBff * U sortment: Heliotrope, Jockey
/ y/f"fSD.SFTS Clvb ' White Rose, Violet Steph-
j'' 'l^ff^^^ ■- ■ ™ - anotis and Lavender.
A' \ JP?f5fN w. b. corsets i Simply send name and ad-
l 'W^Jt ■ d c e be to a Vny a £ ! dress, with 2-cent stamp to pay
\\ w ~~mf » rietv of figure and ; r»n«tacra
V ,\ can be haa as easi- | V oSl& '
\ A ' IV ly as the awkward, ' .
1 ,JV— 5 .-* uncomfortable:
'^> v^^Si^^jV k*nd. Made with \"« 7 r> /^ADCCTC
■ :^^^&f^< -lla^ps? W. B - CORSETS '
£&ff { JJ- : longwaists. cX ; ; De P artinent "*•"
«BJP ■*■ ■^k iricc - n to * 10 iosrtinßfli a,
rajr I ' ■ - er ' IHIr °
- W^^b/SHBw ; ' ' • Atai^eaiers. -if :i2 • SUTTER ST., ; San : Francisco,
1 ftp (Iff *%i§Wp •> F' your dealer does '
. M;w S O rite k to ce vu P 8 . tbem Or 62 Walker ST., New York.
WARNED NOT TO
MOVE TOO FAST
The Fourth of July Com
mittee Not to Make too
Many Contracts
TILL COIN IS IN VIEW.
A Discussion on the Subject of
Fireworks and One in Re
gard to a Regatta.
LETTER TO THE GRAND ARMY.
Chi dren and Floats in the Parade.
Native Sons to Take Part—Col
lections to Date.
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Fourth of July committee
last evening it was announced that up to
Friday evening $1600 had been collected,
i and it was decided to dispense with paid
collectors in the future and have volunteer
collectors. Messrs. Lent. Umbsen and
Truman will collect from the real estate
men. S. C. Hammond was appointed to
collect lrom the butchers.
The literary committee will reduce psti
mated expenses $80 by having but sixteen
instead of thirty-two musicians.
The parade committee reported that it
had prepared a letter to be sent to each
post of the Grand Army of the Republic,
and the letter, which was in the following
words, was approved :
The Fourth of July celebration committee is
informed that a statement is being circulated
to the effect that it is the intention of the com
mittee to prohibit any float or feature repre
senting the period of the Civil War entering
the parade.
We not only emphatically deny this rumor
and insist it is without the slightest founda
tion in fact, but take pleasure in extending to
all posts of the Grand Army of the Republic
and kindred organizations a special invitation
to enter floats in the Fourth of July parade
commemorative of the deeds of those noble
heroes who offered up their lives for the
preservation of our country, whose birthday
we are about to celebrate.
The same committee announced that
160 men would turn out in the "Con
tinental Army" and that it would require
i $430 for expenses. The amount was al
lowed.
The Veteran Firemen were allowed $50
toward payine the expenses of their band.
The decoration committee reported that
| to illuminate the City by electricity would
cost from $6000 to $15,000, so the idea
had been abandoned. This committee
also reported that it had called a meeting
of merchants for to-night to discuss the
matter of decoration and fireworks.
The matter of having or not having set
pieces of fireworks or merely bombs and
rockets evoked a long discussion, and the
matter went over till Thursday night.
One member thought the raiiroad com
panies should have a voice in saying where
the fireworks should be displayed, as upon
the choice of location the amount of con
tributions would depend.
"Yes," said another member, "it is a
question of profit for the company. Are
we to consult the railroad companies or
the public in this matter?"
The music committee reported that it
was impossible to give an estimate as to
the cost of music until it is known how
many bands' shall be needed. It was
estimated that twelve bands woild cost
about $1260. The Musicians' Union, it
was stated, had agreed that non-union
men should be permitted to play with
union men.
Ohairman King suggested that the com
mittee should be careful not to enter into
contracts before it knew how much money
it could obtain.
The regatta committee stated it would
require about $250.
Mr. Hallidie of the literary committee
announced that the prize poems are
coming in so fast that the members will
be at a loss to make a choice.
The regatta committee presented a re
port as to the class of boats to take part
and that about $800 should be devoted for
prizes.
Mr. Hal lidie thought that the expendi
ture of money for regattas is money
thrown into the water, as such detracts
from the celebration on shore.
Mr. Elder said that if there is any objec
tion to the regatta the committee can cut
it off as one of the features of the day.
Secretary Smith suggested that a com
mittee should be appointed to see whether
tbe amount necessary can be obtained on
the water front.
Chairman King warned all committees
to go slow in the matter of making de
mands for money, "for," said he, "if you
look In any direction $1000 or $800 stares
you in the face with no money in sight'
The regatta committee was instructed to
ascertain if the water front people will pay
for a regatta.
Mr. Lent suggested the appointment of
a fireworks committee of five, and by a 4 to
3 vote, many of the members not voting,
such a committee was declared necessary.
Mr. Lent then offered the following
named as the committee: W. W. Shan
non, Robert Ash, R. B. Moore, Frank
Shea and W. T. Gallway.
Grand Marshal Umbsen suggested the
schools make an effort to gain the banners
offered in prizes for the best floats in the
procession.
The teacher? will meet the grand mar
shal this afternoon to take some action in
regard to the school display.
This evening the Native Sons will meet
the grand marshal to make arrangements
for the parade.
The committee will meet again Thurs
day night to discuss finance.
It has been suggested that the patriotic
picture of the first American flag, pub
lished in The Call last Sunday, be repro
duced on a float in the Fourth of July
parade.
CARDONA NOT GUILTY.
Verdict of a Jury in Judge Belcher's
Court.
The trial of Leo de Cardona, formerly
assistant bookkeeper in the office of the
Superintendent of Streets, charged with
felony, committed in raining the amounts
in demand warrants payable to laborers.
was held before a jury in Judge Belcher's
court yesterday.
The case was given to the jury at 4:30
p. m. and at 8:30 they returned with a
verdict of not guilty on account of vari
ances. On the first ballot the jury stood
7 to 5.
The natives of Venezuela live principally
on fish aud fruits.
NEW TO-L AT- AMUSEMENTS.
I riutOLArtDCR.(iOTTU)D « o»- u»WA.norww«»--
THEY ~T~ NOT
CAN'T I EVEN
UNSEAT _ | A
US. |
ST. LOUIS CYCLONE
Can stop the Public
>'rom patronizing
"Ml Francisco.i Home Company*
More people turned away
Again last nleht
To see the great
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Than any other theater holds.
" A superb perfect performance of
"THE CHARITY BALL"
THE KN'TIRK COMPANY;
MAGNIFICENT SCKN!vRY;
BEAUTIFUL COSTUMKS.
Next Monday, "LORD CHCMLEY,"
And a Curtain-Kaiser.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBit. ii.KNKBTKNK Krkli.vo, Proprietor A Alarms
XjASI? XVEEK
. Of the ■ Triumph of the Season.
Dellinger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera <
LORRAIKE
•'A STORY OF COURT AND CAMP."
. A Perfect Production In Kvery Detail.
NEXT~WEEK—
OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE.
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON!"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
•' •'' '' ■ ♦'
tS^y ALCAZAR
To-night— Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday— "THri LITTLE DKTECTIVE"— AMY
LE¥. FRANK DOAKK and New Company.
Prices— loc, 15c, 35c and 50c. Best seats. ■
Matinees — 10c, 16c, 25c Icecream and Cake at
the "Wednesday Pop."<
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in A merle*.
WAJLTKK MOROaCO, Sole Lessee and Managac
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
W. J. Thompson's Ever Popular
"NEW YORK DAY BY DAY!'
DO NOT FAIL TO SEE
LESLIE MOKOSCO
In the Famous Role of "Rags."
X.viwfjfo Pricjw— 2sc anil Ma.
; Family Circle and Gallerr. 10&
Ciiukl Matinee* Saturday ana Sandnr.
PARK THEATER.
Grove Street, between Polk and Van Ness Avenue.
.WM.E. Johns ............. Lessee and Manager.
OPENING ANNOUNCEMENT. ]
This theater 'after several weeks spent for costly
anil extensive alterations and Improvements in- ;
volving an actual outlay of over 85000, will be
opened on ;. \/-
-■ Saturday Evening, June 20
And Every Evening and Saturday ' Matinee,
with America's ' Representative Irish Comedian,
dan McCarthy,
In his greatest success, the
CRUISKEEN LAWN,
'■;■• ■ . Supported by
MISS LOU RIPLEY
And the Park Theater Dramatic Stock Company.
Popular prices— Reserved Seats 15c and
,25c. Gallery 10c.
Notice— Box office for tb sale of reserved ! seats
will be open to-morrow (Wednesday) at 9 a. m.
Next play. '.'The Rambler From Clare."
THE CHUTES.
OPEN ONLY SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
-■.. AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS until ::
completion of improvements,
: V. Unless Otherwise Specially Stated.
Bow to Be Comfortable
Some Hints From a. Scientific Sourer
.. ;'. About Hot , Weather. . .
Hot weather Invariably causes sickness and
makes even the strongest people feel weak
languid and worn ! out; there is, however, • .
way to keep cool, strong, healthy and well in
even the hottest weather, as thousands of men
and women can testify from practical experi
ence. Every person who values health and
strength will do well to follow their" example
and carefully read the following opinions 03
the subject :
J. F. Clark, M.D., of Reidsville, N. C. says:
"At this season of the year I rind Duffy's pure
malt whisky extremely beneficial as atonic,
stimulant and appetizer. I can recommend it
to the debilitated for its medicinal qualities."
| Mrs. R. G. Schiede, 1231 Parish street, Phila-
i delphia, says: "I have been using Duffy's pure
malt whisky and find that it has not only im-
proved my appetite but greatly increased my
strength."
"Mrs. F. P. Haviland, 7 West One Hundred
and Nineteenth street, New York, says: "I
have used Duffy's pure mait whisky with great
benefit. It has given me strength, good appe-
tite and cured sleeplessness, irom which I suf-
fered."
The above opinions clearly prove that the
best way to keep strong and healthy in hot
weather is by using a pure stimulant' to assist
nature. They also prove b>yohd question that
the purest and safest stimulant to take is Duf-
fy's pure malt whisky, because it never fails to
give new life, tone . and strength to every part
of the body. It is refreshing, strengthening,
health-giving, and there is nothing better for
people who feel weary and languid in summer
weather. In purchasing from your grocer or
druggist, however, be sure you get Duffy's pure
malt and nothing else. Insist on having \rhat
you ask for and accept no inferior imitation.
sV &. f~~^k.
KNnJnNGCO.
120 Sutter St., rooms 21-24, S. F.,
Take Elevator.
ONLY HEADQUARTERS FOR
A Bathing
€p Suits
111 Sweaters
m BICYCLE
*^3>r~-IL?> SUITS,
t -._„ Jrla'v — r^ v For Men, Women
1 4^f^~~ :=r - 1 " "" and Children.
Newest Styles. Most Reasonable Prices.
WE WILL REMOVE TO
105 POST STREET
ON OR ABOUT JULY 6, 1896.
Send for Illustrated Catalogues.
DEALERS.— Write us • for trade
prices. You can do best ■with us.
NEW TO-PAT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
orfiSniT I SECOND AND
BALDWIN LAST WEEK.
The Distinguished Comedian, .
NAT O. GOODW^IN
Presenting Henry Uny Carl etcn's Comedy Success,
".A. drZXiX>SX) POOD"
EXTRA-FRIDAY AFTERNOON. JUNE 19,
| at the earnest request of many resident, and visit-
ing* professionals, Mr. Goodwin haa consented to
glve "professional matinee.
On Which Occasion He Wilt Present
"A GILDED FOOL."
' Sale of seats for the general public commences
To-morrrow, Wednesday.
Next Monday— Jlß. >HN DREW
In "THE SQUIRE OF DAMES."
_ ATtur 1 A 'PLAY ANT)
/l.* T TH E ■ f a COMPANY OF
CALIFORNIA 2&M! ' N X
PRONOUNCED SO BY PRESS AND PUBLICS.
MR KKLCEY. •. "> % TUP
MR. SULLIVAN I Ht
MR. BEACH, lirknif
MR. LONG, HOME
MR. BTOCKWELL. _ m**Jlri. Ui m wmmm
MISS E. SHANNON, SECRETARY
MISSOLIVEB, ! OtUlltlHllli
MRS. VANDENHOFF. ,, VI ,p V ~ k , vlm .
MISS W. SHANNON. j EV J^\\ w\w °
ETC ETC. ETC. ) -Till!* WEfcK.
Evening Prices— lsc. 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c
First Matinee— and sOc.
Next Week "THE GREY MARE."
O'Farrell Street, Between Stocfeton and Powell.
I Week Commencing Monday, June tSth,
Notable Addition!) to a Strong Bill!
MARLO-D SHAM FAMILY.
Marvelous Aerial Artists, Six in Number.
LAUUKNCE AND HARRINGTON
MEERS RKU -. PAPINTA.
•■- THE VITASCOIE.
Ocean Wave. Corbett-Courtney Fight, and Other
. New Subjects. 28— Great Artists— 2B
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
t and Box Seats. 50c. ■ ■ '
AN OUTING
AT BOHEMIA GROVE, in the Russian River
Redwoods, is the popular family event for
next SUNDAY, June 21. Leave via 7:30
A. M. Tiburon ferry. Take basket lunch.
Locke's special train. Reserved seat tickets at
333 O'Farrell st. daily from 1 to 9 p.m. The
I round- fare $1 25; children under 12, 65c
j Unreserved seat tickets at ferry Sunday morn-
ing. - Don't miss it. •
. ' PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
PERSONALLY CONDUCTED
Excursion to Jit. Shasta
And Vicinity in Pullman Buffet Sleepers. \
M r. Win. H. Menton, Excursion Agt.
S. P. Co., In charge.
5ATURDAY. ......................... JUNE 20
Leave from Ferry Landing, foot of Market
street, at BP. M. . ■»
ROUND-TRIP TICKET, CtiT <^™N
INCLUDING BERTH, ypIVJ
Returning, arrive at San Francisco Monday
following at 7:15 P. M.
For further information as to itinerary, meals
en route, etc., apply at
GRAND HOTEL TICKET OFFICE, •
■- ■< 613 Market Street, a F.
SUTRO BATHS.
s Open Daily From 7 A. M. to lIP. M.
GRASD ELECTRICAL STEREOPTICOI
EVERY KVENIN<}.
' SPECIALTIES EVERY AFTERNOON.
Saturday/ June iO, Honorary School
; Children's Day. .
GENE UAL ADMISSION—
Adults. lOc Children, 50.
i GRAND PICNIC
Or the Bunker Hill Assorbit ion and the
i ; " "; ' Sons of Vermont
At ' Glen Ellen. Wednesday, June 17,
Anniversary of the Battle of Bunker Hill.
Boats leave Tiburon Ferry at 9 A. M.. returning
leave Ulen Ellen at 5 P.M. Trains stop at San
Rafael both ways. > •
, j Blum's Band will accompany the excursionists.
: Tickets for round trip $1. Children under 12
years M)c. ■ For sale at the ferry on the morniug of
the picnic. . -
78
TWO "JIMS" IN THE
HANDBALL COURT
Corbett Defeats the Pride
of the Occidental
Club.
J. C. NEALON'S WATERLOO
He Falls an Easy Victim to
the Champion Among
Pugilists.
BEST TWO G&MES IN THREE.
Hampton, the Coast's Bast Man, Was
Also Defeated Two Exciting
Games in Four.
James C. Nealon, the "pet" of the Occi
dental Handball Club, and one of the best
players of that exciting game on this
coast, had a few tail feathers plucked out
of him Sunday by James J. Corbett, the
champion pugilist of the world.
To say that Nealon is crestfallen would
be putting it lightly. He is actually,
though unreasonably, humiliated.
Corbett does not profess to be a hand
ball player, and he indulges in that sport
only for exercise preparatory to his com
ing match with Tom Sharkey.
He usually devotes an hour or so each
morning between sparring with his train
ers and punching the bag to chasing the
small and hard handball. Already he has
met nearly every man in the Olympic Club
who Knows anything of the game, and
when he learned that his old friend, James
Nealon, was a master in that line he
eagerly accepted a den' to meet him.
Nealon rode downtown early on a
Hayes-street car and passing the residence
of P. J. Corbett, Champion Jim's father,
he saw the old gentleman on the side
walk.
'Come along with us!" he shouted.
"Come along, Mr. Corbett. Jim and I are
going to have a game of handball."
Mr. Corbett shook his head and Nealon
turned to his friend and fellow-balltosser,
JacK Bonnet, saying:
"The old gentleman don't want to see
me do Jim up."
"I didn't like very much to hear myself
talk," Champicn Jim said yesterday after
noon, "but Nealou did string me out in
great shape. I was afraid to open my |
mouth, he seemed to know he had things
so much his own way. But i stuck to him
and at the end of the first game, although
he beat me by a score of 16 to 21, I saw I
could get away with him in the best two
out of three.
"Oh! but didn't I begin to string him,
though? I felt I had him going and you
bet 1 made him suffer for the hammering
he gave me at the start.
"Jim Nealon is a very fast and good
player, I'll admit, but I managed to out- j
last him all right. ' v i
"In the second game he only scored
twelve and in the tnird he only scored j
fourteen points to my twenty How
is that for my friend Nealon who wanted
the old man to come and see him wipe the
court up with me?"
Of course, something was wrong with
James Neaion, the Occcidental Club's
crackerjack. The ball was a shade too
soft or a trifle too hard. He has not yet
declared himself which as yet, but in the
challenge he intends soon to issue for a
return match his ideas will be made clear.
Yesterday morning Jim Corbett played
a tie match, two to two, against Albert
Hampton, the amateur champion hand
ball player of the State.
The games took place in the Olympic
Club court, Hampton winning the first
two and losing the two last," said Corbett.
"I had Hampton plumb tired out when
we quit, and 1 actually think I could have
beaten him in the filth game, but 1 felt
I'd tire myself too much and would get no
benefit out of ray boxing bouts.
"1 will confess, on the quiet, that I did j
play a little 'dirty ball' against Hampton
in the last game. He's as lively as a cat,
and I told him be could not expect me to
keep out of his way nil the time." As
Corbett related this he laughed heartily.
illustrating how he doubled himself up at
times so as to force Hampton to run
around him.
"Hampton is a dandy player," the cham
pion continued, "and I want to have
some more games with him. I promise
I'll play good ball. But sure with Nealon
I played nice, clean ball, and I beat him
on my merits."
REDROOM CITY INQUEST
Southern Pacific Carelessness the Cause
of a Ueath.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., June 15.— The
entire day has been consumed in the tak
ing of testimony before the Coroner's jury
in the inquest upon the body of Ludwig
Petersen, who was struck by a southbound
train on Saturday noon. The verdict ex
onerates the engineer and trainmen from
all blame, but finds the Southern Pacific
Company guilty of rnlpable carelessness
through its inefficient rules and regula
tions, which do not provide for proper
safeguards at crossings or warning of the
approach of trains. Petersen leave a crip
plea widow and four children.
REDROOD`S AGED CONTENT
William Jones Is Sent to San Quentin
for Fourteen Tears.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., June 15.—
William. Jones was convicted to-day of as
sault upon Henry Koop with intent to
commit robbery. The crime was com
mitted near Woodside. in this county, in
July, 1894. He waived time and was ai
once sentenced to fourteen years at San
Quentin. He is 65 years old, with a record
of one prior term at San Quentin for grand
larceny from Santa Clara County.
Denounced by an Alaska Judge.
SEATTLE, Waph., June 15.— Hon. A.
K. Delaney, United States District Judge
for Alaska, defended Frank Fuller when
on trial for the murder of Bishop Seghers
nine years ago. Upon being told to-day
that Fuller had, with his liberation some
weeks since, made a confession to the ef
fect that a woman was the cause of the
trouble, he remarked;
"It is a lie made out of whole cloth, and
there was not a word of evidence in the
whole trial to support the statement."
Gold for iakima Indians.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 15.— Eighteen
tribes comprising the Yakima nation nave
called upon Federal Judge Hanford to de
cide what disposition shall be made of
$20,000 awarded the Indians some years
ago by the Government for the Wenatch
apan fishery on the forks of the Pisquouse
and Wenatchapan rivers. The majority
of the tribes want the money- expended in
the construction of an irrigation canal,
but the others object.
EQVAX. SVFFHAGISTS IS STOCKTOS
Ladies Tell Some of Their Experiences
While. Canvassing for Xatnes.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 15.— The Equal
Suffrage Club, presided over by Mrs.
Sarah C. Harry, met at 2 o'clock this
afternoon in regular weekly session.
There was a good attendance present and
the usual enthusiasm over the work and
progress which Is daily being made was
shown. In addition to the members of
the club a number of strangers interested
in the work were noticeable in the gath
ering.
An interesting feature of the meeting
was the recital of their experiences by the
ladies who canvassed the city for signa
tures to a petition framed to ascertain the
public sentiment in reference to the elev
enth amendment which it is proposed to
submit to the voters at the next election.
Many interesting and amusing experi
ences were met with. Nearly all the can
vassers told of men who were perfectly
astonished when told of the eleventh
amendment. They had never heard of it.
The manual was then taken up and the
weekly chapter was gone through with.
The prayer at the beginning of each lesson
is omitted, for the reason that the club is
entirely non-religious. The meetings are
public, contrary to what some imagine,
and all, both ladies and gentlemen, are
invited to be present.
ANOTHER FALSE SCENT
Sheriff Plummer of San Jose
Pays an Important Visit
to Stockton.
Ha Thought Some Letters He Received
Were Frcm Murderer Dun
ham's Brother.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 15. — Special
Deputy Sheriff Plummer has been here for
the past two days looking up a clew that
the officers of the Garden City had as to j
the whereabouts ol Dunham. The Sheriff \
of Santa Clara County recently received
three letters from the vicinity of WTooc
bridge, in this county, telling him that the
writer was sure that one of the men in the !
covered rig that passed through here last j
week, and which was thought at the time
by some of the residents of Woodbridge to I
contain Dunham, was none other than the j
much- wanted Santa Clara murderer. It
was not thought by the officers that the
man was Dunham, but it was suspected
by them that the letters were being writ
ten by some friend of the murderer to
throw the officers off the scent.
Plummer came here several days ago, j
and has since thorouchly investigated the
matter. The writer of the letters was
found to be a very estimable lady who
Jives at Woodbridge and who is highJy j
connected. She was so certain that the 1
man in the rig sbe saw was Dunham that i
she wrote the three letters that stirred up
the Sheriff's office at San Jose.
What made the officers there more
certain that some job was being put up on j
them was the resemblance of the writing !
to that of Dunham's brother, who is now
going to school at San Jose. The letters
were shown to a Mr. Williams, for whom
Dunham's brother once worked, and he
was very positive in his belief that they
were written by the brother of the mur
derer and sent to some friend at Wood
bnge for mailing. This theory has been i
exploded by the special officer's visit to !
t.at place.
In converration this morning Mr. Plum
mer said that the day before Dunham
committed the murders on the McGlincey j
place tht.t he drew $1000 from the bank.
It is thought that he was negotiating to
get more money, as he was endeavoring [
to realize on some mortgages that he held, j
but could not do so in time for the crime j
he committed. Dunham, according to j
Mr. Plummer, is one of the best shots with |
a pistol in tl>e country. Frequently he j
would buy $5 or $0 worth of cartridges with !
which to practice with his revolver. When
be left he had at least two pistols that the
officers know of, and the bullets with
which his relatives were slain show that j
guns of different caliber were used for the
killing.
Mr. Plummer's mission has been fruit
less, except for the fact that he can set the
minds of his fellow-workers in the chase
after Durham at rest about the writer of
the letters from this county.
ON TRIAL IN PORTLAND
Highwayman Lee Oliver Makes an At
tempt to Establish an Alibi.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 15.—Highway
man Lee Oliver occupied the witness
stand in his own defense this afternoon in
the trial of the Klamath stage-robbery
case. He tried his best to establish an
alibi, saying he was miles away from the
scene of the hold-up when it was in
progress. Robert Oliver, the prisoner's
brother, testified that on the night of
December 4, when the stare was robbed,
Lee came to his house and that the latter
had no pistol nor was there one aoout the
premises. James George testified that
Oliver was with him on the 3d of Decem
ber, driving cattle at his lanch. The trial
will be concluded to-morrow.
THE MONTERSE CARNIVAL
A Genuine null-Fight May Be Added to
the Programme.
MONTEREY, Cal., June 15. - The
"Adobe City" has during the past few
days assumed a very gala appearance.
Decorators and painters are hard at work
and also large forces of carpenters. There
is talk of having a regular Mexican bull
fight on one of the celebration days. Thi3
feature will greatly add to the attraction
of the carnival. There has been a change
made regarding the appointing of a Queen
and the ballots are now open. A lively
fight is being made among the many fac
tions of Monterey to elect their Queen.
Thus far Miss Fanny Bostrom is in the
lead and Miss Florence Schaufie second.
STATE EXAMINERS MEET.
Allow Commission Deficiencies and a
Itisputed Advertising Sill.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 15.— The
State Board of Examiners this afternoon
allowed commission deficiencies as fol
lows: Labor Commission, $165175; Rail
road Commission, $1233 80; Southern In
sane Asylum, $12,000. A bill for advertis
ing for plans for the Affiliated Colleges
building, which Governor Budd refused to
approve because the premium was only
$500 and the cost of advertising amounted
to $11,019, was also allowed by {he board.
fire year Esparto.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 15.— Fire in
the Orleans vineyard, near Esparto, at 1
o'clock this morning destroyed two large
barns, a machine-shop, blacksmith-shop
and two or three smaller buildings, to
gether with 125 tons of hay. The loss is
estimated at $3000.
Sold Under foreclosure.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., June 15. — The
Sheriff sold to-day the Lucas ranch, in
Nicasio and San Rafael, of 6300 acres for
$73,000. It was sold under foreclosure by
A. P. Hotaling. Even at present it is
worth twice the money.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., 'TUESDAY, ' <J uiivW in, i»y«.
HE KISSED UNDER
THREATS OF DEATH
Howard Armstrong's Bold
Osculation Before a
Mad Husband.
IT WAS NOT FOR LOVE.
Frederick Saunders Watched
Him Kiss Mrs. Saunders
Twice.
AND THEN GOT A BEVOLVER.
The Insulted Husband Declares It Is
a Plot to Drive Him Out
of His House.
What can be done to a man who kisses
another man's wife in his presence and
against his protests is a question now puz
zling Frederick Saunders, proprietor of
the Sunny Delaware lodging-house, 1151
Market street.
Saunders is an Englishman about 50
years of age. He appeared in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday morning. He was
laboring under suppressed excitement and
asked Warrant Clerk Seaman if he could
get a warrant for the arrest of a man for
kissing his wife. It was suggested that
the only way would be for his wife to
swear to the complaint, but he said she
would never do it. He went away mut
tering threats against the kisser.
Saunders was seen later at the lodging
house. He was talking in an excited
manner to Attorney Schilling, who has
been employed by his wife to bring suit
against him and others to prevent them
from doing away with any of the property
in the lodging-house.
"Who is the man that kissed my wife?"
he queried in answer to a question. "His
name is Howard Armstrong, and he and
his wife have been living in my house
against my protests. He and his wife in
stigated my wife to bring a suit for di
vorco against me in Judge Hunt's court,
which was dismissed about three weeks
ago. .Now they are trying to help my
wife get possession of this place and drive
me out.
"On Friday evening Armstrong deliber
ately kissed my wife at the top of the
stairs in presence of me and my daughter.
It could not have been for love, as he is a
young man and she is over 50, but it was
done as part of the plot to get me out of
the house. lam not a strong man and
would have no chance with him in a per
sonal encounter, so I could do nothing to
resent the insult. 1 told him that if he
ever attempted to kiss her again I would
bore him full of holes, and I will."
Just then Armstrong brushed past, and
Saunder? said, pointing his linger at him,
"There's the man who kissed my wife. If
he ever does it again 1 will fill him full of
lead. Yes I will," he yelled after Arm
strong, who disappeared along the
haliway.
"We leased this house about a year ago,"
continued Saunders, "and I furnished it
at a cost of $4000, but there is a chattel
mortgage on it for $1000. My wife managed
against my will to get the lease in her
name, and ever since, backed by the Arm
strongs, she has been trying to get full
possession of the furniture and other
effects. The divorce was the first step, and
now that that has failed she has got three
different attorneys to do something to at
tain her end.
"Although living in the same house we
might as well be thousands of miles from
each other. Just look at the room she
makes me live in. It hasn't been dusted
or swept out for months, all with the pur
pose of driving me out, but she.can't doit.
This thing has got to be arbitratjd, and I
must have my rights.
"I never before carried a revolver, but
since Armstrong kissed my wife I have
bought one, and if he evsr dares to kiss lier
again I will use it upon him. Here it is,"
and he pulled a revolver out of a drawer
in bis bureau.
"We have five children," he said, "two
sons and three daughters. Our eldest
daughter is married, and she and her hus
band live upon us against my wishes. My
wife has got them all against me, but I am
going to stay right here." *
Adout 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Saunders was arrested upon a warrant
sworn out in Judge Con Jan's court by Arm
strong, charging Dim with threats against
life. He said he was glad the matter would
be taken into court, as the truth would
come out. Before being arrested he was
served with a copy of the complaint in the
suit brought by his wife to prevent him
doing away with any of the property in
the lodging-house. The other defendants
in the suit are A. D. Wunder, agent for the
creditors; G. Miller & Son, McVicker &
Broderick, T. A. Barrs, 8. Soloman, B. V.
Dureen, creditors; Frederick Saunders Jr.,
and E. C. Cordell, attorney for Saunders.
SAN JOSE'S WILL CONTEST
Reading of Depositions and
Letters Written by the
Testator.
The Contestant Denounced as a Slan
derer and a Woman of Bad
Moral Character.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 15.— The hearing
of the Parker will contest was resumed in
Judge Reynolds' court this morning. The
entire day was occupied in reading deposi-
I tions and letters written by George Parker,
the testator, to his sister, Jane Pomeroy.
Throughout all the letters Parker expressed
j a dislike for his son's wife, Emma L.
Park°r, the contestant of the will. He
mentioned her habit of making lying and
slanderous statements, her extravagance
and bad moral character.
The deposition of Jane Pomeroy was
read. The deponent said that she always
tried to keep Edward Parker's dissipated
habits from his father, but the latter found
out for himself. At the time of his pon's
sickness George Parker sent his son $300,
for him to take a trip to the Bermudas, at
i her request. During his, last visit East in
I 1893 George Parker seemed to be vigorous
in mind and body.
A letter written by Emma L. Parker,
j the contestant, to George H. Parker, in
which !>he told of Edward's serious illness
and asked for financial help, was put in
evidence.
Six letters, written by George H. Parker
to Jane Pomeroy, were read and offered
as evidence. They were written in Decem
ber, 1892. and March, April and May, 1893.
In them Park-r speaks in the worst possible
terms of his son's wife, Emma. He com
plains of the lies that Emma Parker
circulating with regard to his and Jane's
treatment of Edward. Parker said he
would have stood by his son's wife if she
had only told the truth about her past
life. Emma Parker had induced a Mr.
Bill of New York to write George Parker a
[ very strong letter calling for financial as
| sistance on account of Edward Parker s
I sickness. He asked Jane Pomeroy to write
i Mr. Bill of New York, the wholesaler who
I supplied Edward Parker with hats and
caps, the true state of the case. George
Parker suggested that something be done
to inform tiie public that he and Jane
Pomeroy were assisting Edward Parker
financially and that the reports Emma
Parker spread to the contrary were lies.
He sent Edward a remittance of $300 In
December, 1892, for his trip to Bermuda, a
check for $1000 in January, 1893, then $300
more the following April, and in addition
paid the expenses of his son's sickness.
JACOB RICH`S ESTATE.
Gut Lion Elected Assignee of the Insol
vent Mailtvay President.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 15.— Gus Lion
was elected assignee of the estate of Jacob
Rich, the insolvent manager of the First
street Railway Company, this morning.
A couple of weeks ago Rich's creditors
petitioned to have him declared insolvent,
and the next day Rich filed a voluntary
petition in insolvency. The hearing of
the creditors' petition came up last Friday
and W. C. Andrews was elected assignee,
with bonds fixed at $2500. This morning
Judge Reynolds decided that the election
of the assignee could not be had under
the creditors' petition but must proceed
under the petition of the insolvent, the
matter having so been decided by the
Federal courts. Thereupon Gus Lion was
elected assignee, he having received the
votes of creditors with claims aggregating
$85,000. while W. C. Andrews was sup
ported by creditors with $45,000 worth of
claims. Lion's bond was placed at $5000.
Rich's liabilities amount to over $300,000,
offset with assets of about the same value.
SAN MATEO'S NEW ROAD
Board of Supervisors Petitioned
for a Franchise for Its
Construction.
The Proposed Line, With Its Con
nections, Will Cover a Large Sec
tion of the County.
REDWOOD CITY, Cat,/, June 15.— A
j petition was presented to the Board of Su
pervisors to-day by James D. Byrnes, F. T.
Newbery, Joseph de Benedetti and R. H.
Hatch for a franchise to construct and
operate for a term of fifty years a single
track railroad, with all the necessary side
tracks, twitches, turnouts and turntables,
the cars to be propelled by animal power,
or by electric, steam or other motors that
science may invent.
The line is to commence at the westerly
limits of the city of San Mateo, at the
junction with the center line of the Half-
Moon Bay road, and there connect, with
th.9 tracks of a railroad to be constructed
and operated under a franchise to
be granted by the Board of Trus
tees of the city of San Mateo; thence
westerly, following the north or
I south side of said Half-Moon Bay
I road, as may be most convenient for
widening the same, and having the privi
lege and right to cross said highway from
I one side to the other thereof, and of de
i fleeting therefrom and passing over the
! center line of such bridges as may be
i found upon said road or highway to the
center line of Main street at Spanish
town; thence following the center line of
said Main street southerly to the center
I line of Correas street.
The petition will take the regular legal
course.
ARE WORKING FOR SILVER
Meeting of the Bimetallic
Unions in Los An
geles.
Pepper Wing of the Movement Failed
to Show Up and Harmony
Prevailed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 15.— Under
a call issued by G. Washington Baker of
Oakland, Cal., members of the American
Bimetallic Union's Executive Committee
and members of the silverites met here
this evening in mass convention for the
purpose of selecting delegates and alter
nates to the National Silver Party Conven
tion at St. Louis on July 22 next.
Colonel John R. Berry opened the meet
ing by announcing that he bad been au
thorized by Mr. Baker to take charge of
these Senatorial mass conventions for
Southern California. Baker had advised
that as three Senatorial districts cornered
in this city, one "mass convention" would
answer for all.
Colonel Berry was elected chairman of
the meeting. The Pepper wing of the
party failed to show up, and as a result
everything passed off with utmost har
mony.
The Thirty-sixth, Thirty-seventh and
Thirty-eighth Senatorial districts were
represented in the meeting and the follow
ing elections made as delegates and alter
nates to St. Louis: Thirty-sixth District
— C. H. Gosh delegate, E. S. Hubbard alter
nate; Thirty-seventh District — John Love
delegate, K. W. Drorugold alternate; Thir
ty-eighth District— Dr. D. W. Hurst dele
gate, Charles L. Eager alternate.
The representation is to be one delegate
for each of the forty Senatorial districts of
the State and live delegates at large.
Hon. Enoch Pepper was seen to-day and,
In view of the Baker call for Senatorial
conventions, was asked by the correspon
dent what would become of the Congres
sional District conventions called by him
self and Aiva Udell. He answered that he
was awaiting instruction from Chairman
Mott of the National Committee on this
very point. Pepper intimated that there
was a large-sized negro in the woodpile
which boded no good to the Silver party in
California, and that after to-day he would
probably have nothing more to do with it.
Everything would depend on Mott's an
swer to some very pointed questions pro
pounded by himself (Pepper). Mr. Pepper
said tnat Messrs. Chilstrom and LMell had
done great work through Central *nd
Northern California.
Jockey Wash King Insane at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., June 15.— Wash King,
a colored jockey who came here from San
Francisco with a string of horses for the
Irvington Park races, is detained in the
City Jail as insane. His mania is be
lieved to be temporary only, and to have
arisen from a recent spell of sickness. He
has a brother in Chicago who has been
wired for instructions as to his disposal.
NEW TO-DAT.
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLUDINU NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WRST,
J. Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Red Men,
Ancient order foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San Mai.eo County: nearest cemetery to
the city; non-seclarian. In no senbk kxclusivk;
PKBFKCT TITI.B OUABANTKKD; location UneX-
celled.
Please call at office. 997 Market st., before select-
Ing burial place elsewhere.
WANTED ASHE
TO ADOPT HER
Lillian Ashley's Desire to
Secure a California
Papa.
SECRETARY BARNES' SAY
What a Hidden Stenographer
Overheard in a Detective's
Office.
A SOFT-HEARTED HAWKSHAW.
Testimony That Is Unfit for Publica
tion Adduced in the Baldw'n
Suit. .
Moßt of the testimony in the Ashley-
Baldwin betrayal suit yesterday was unfit
for publication. Private Secretary Barnes
of Detective J. R. Woods' office was on
the stand nearly all day, and ne went over
much the same details as was brought out
when his employer testified.
Mr. Barnes told of the visit of Miss Ash
ley, her brother and a female friend to the
detective's office in April, 1894. She
called to force Woods to retract a number
of statements embodied in a letter sent to
Miss Ashley while she was stopping at the
Westminster Hotel in Los Angeles in
August, 1893. In that letter Woods
charged the plaintiff in the present suit
with being a blackmailer and a thoroughly
disreputable woman. Among other ar
raignments was one as to a physical dis
ability.
Miss Ashley's reception according to the
testimony of Woods and his assistant
was not what she had hoped. Instead of
securing a disavowal or retraction, the
charges were reiterated with such effect
as to cause the retreat of the brother and
the accompanying female friend. After
their going, a meeting was arranged for the
next day, for the purpose of Woods apolo
gyzing to the other woman for language
used in her presence.
In anticipation of this visit, Barnes was
stationed in an adjoining room to make a
stenographic report of the conversation.
He told on the stand yesterday what he
remembered of that interview. The in
troduction of his testimony was accom
panied with much objection on ;the part
of the plaintiff's attorney, but it was
finally gotten on record that Miss Ashley
nad toid Woods, in the presence of her
female friend, that sbe had been intimate
with Colonel Pope and that she loved him.
She wanted money to go to California on
and intimated that she could just as well
as not make it appear that Pope was the
father of her child.
Woods, on behalf of Colonel Pope, re- j
fused to give her any money, but on the
representation that Miss Ashley was des
titute gave her $50 personally. Woods
told her that she could not fasten the pa
ternity of the child on his client because
of the disparity of dates, but Miss Ashley
replied that she could make the dates
agree if necessary.
Early in the afternoon R. Porter Ashe,
the attorney, was called to testify as to a
letter he received in 1887, signed "Lillian
A. Ashley," which letter asked him to
adopt the writer as his daughter. As he
has lost or destroyed the letter his testi
mony was inadmissible, and he was ex
cused.
The case goes on to-morrow at 11 o'clock,
when the cross-examination of Private
Secretary Barnes will be resumed.
INDIAN VETERAN'S IN PORTLAND
Many of Them Attend the Annual Grand
Encampment.
PORTLAND, Or., June 15.— The annual
grand encampment of Oregon Indian war
veterans met to-day in Grand Army Hall
on First and Taylor Btreets. Numerically
it was the largest grand encampment yet
held here by the veterans.
The session was called to order by Grand
Commander T. A. Wood. Delegations
representing fourteen camps responded.
Besides routine business, which took up
the entire morning session, Colonel A. B.
Ford delivered an address on "The First
HEW TO-DAT.
I Always FIRST ••
I Gail Borden I
I Eagle Brand I
CONDENSED HILK
2 Per 3$ yeirs the leading brand. It Is the •
2 Beit and the most economictl.
S A PERFECT POOD FOR INFANTS
the
Seashore
fYou want the cool
comfort of a
STANDARD Out-
ing Shirt — fabric,
colors and style
appropriate to the
season. All dealers.
NEL'STADTH? BROS., MFRS.
ItsboSi MANHOOD RESTORED--""-
-kM _w CJ EWm — . \ ■'■» 1 »" 1 '"WW •■■■V I WlltUVitalizer.theDreacriD.
Ty^fifJßß 0 tlono1 » famous French physician, will quickly cure youol^all ne£
\l\ v , V JiKif.:.;.."' vl .vona or d 18 ** 88 ' oi the generative organs, such as 1 Lost Manhood
?V «/ V • *9Bk £ lm P cs> fit ?. es9 i? U £ P'< ExnausUnir Brains, Varicose and
\,fl^t \ *&*r lmp , C Vi^n ?? **>£ Klua «sUri- Drnlns, Varlcorele and
NT F V -7 Constl a o 2'» It stops an losses by day or night^Prevents quick-
N-/ 2 >3»-^ ness 0/ discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoßa and
BEFORE AND AFTER »'• tbehorrorsof Itnpotencr. CtPIDEHK cleanses the Uver, Ui«
oervne and Mr 1 en kidneys and the urinary organs ol »U Impurities.
CUPIDEXE strengthens and restores Fma! 1 weak organs. - - . -- • ■■■>-.'
• The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
ProntAtl tta. CUPIDENE is the only knov»n remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimoni-
i als. • A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does Dot effect a permanent cure.
|1.00 a box, six for f5.00, by mail. Send for fkkh: circular and testimonials.
1 Address DA VOL. MEDICINE CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by .
BKOOKS' i*iiAKMAt;Y, 11» I'owsU street.
Provisional Government of Oregon in
1842," which was very interesting. There
is a large attendance at the gathering.
GOOD FOR KERN COUNTY
It Will Get Xearly Thirty Thousand Dol
lars of Hack Railroad 'l arm.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 15.— News
has been received that there is now $29,
-938 98 in the State treasury belonging to
Kern County in the shape of back railroad
taxes of 1887, which were recently paid.
This money will be paid over when the
County Treasurer makes his settlement
with the State in December. In the mean
time warrants will be issued against the
fund, payable when it is turned into the
County treasury. This will relieve the
financial stringency to a considerable ex
tent.
Lux Estate Attorney Fees.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., June 15.— An
order was made in the Superior Court to
day authorizing Esecutor Potter to pay
George H. and E. B. Mastick of Ban Fran
cisco and George C. Ross of this city $12,
-000 on account of services as attorneys for
the estate of Charles Lux, deceased.
SEW TO-DAY.'
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
FLOWER vases!
£, In Imitation Gut Glass — almost as Jr
* jre*^ bright and
'8" fe(**i clear as 4
♦ A*^ § P ie & enu ' ♦
VK *i *^t ' ne ' auJ ♦
♦ r JL-%'x!k, the at - ': ♦
♦ 7 V^wsaiSfcf: terns i u?t *
* : /T~ W "IiW?SL as Pretty. «
♦ /ffo^s^ IF-^S A hand- «
♦ M -^i^V^ A some vase, *
♦ r-iF'Vr?^ 6 inches <j
♦ \}^/^P^t^/r/^ high, until
♦ t^c£j 1/ / Wednes- +
♦ *m^ T\:^.F <7 day night, <$
♦ ■'fiPF=£L^{ ii . iy 2 cents <<
♦ iS^Y^^XJ^ -r' s '<^ -each; 10 >£>
♦ •Y/JW^J *' inches <*
♦ IV) • ? ' high, 25 ♦
> "Zf cents each <f
£> Several other styles also on sale. <£
♦ — • V:. ♦
? Summer Crockery, Summer *
T Glassware, Summer Lamps, \
y at those cool, refreshing,
> wholesale prices. <£
♦ • • #
♦ THAT BIG CHINA STORE- ♦
j? A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's. 2>
♦ WANGENHEIM, STERNHEIM & 00., ♦'
/8k ■ ' ■ ♦
♦ 528 and 530 Market St., *
♦27 and 29 Sutter St., *
♦ BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
i «
RAILROAD^JTR . - J -,_- -^
BIG REDUCTION 1\ RATES BY RAIL
....T0.... -
POnTLAWD, oh..
I^ht^%
WEDNESDAY JUNE 17,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot '
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
0 r f| fl— Including Berth in Pullman Tour.
OUiUU Ist Sleeper.
... . ALSO. ...
First-class tickets, Including berth In fflji A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. «jnXV/ .. -.
SPECIAL NOTICE. •
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pai-
gengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba
sold or baggage checkei to such points. ,
fff Through Tickets for Puget Sound
point* on Hale at Reduced Rate*.
For further information nui>ly at
613 MARKET STHJfiJBT (Grand Hot* / & *
'! Sckel Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD OKAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Sl.\ FRANCISCO OORTB PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:33,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. : Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. if.
BDNDAYB-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. if.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 P. U.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. it;
12:46, 3:40, 5:10 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1 :55 p. x. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:35, 9:35, 11:10 A. H.; 1:40, 3:40,
0:00, 6:25 P. M. ■ , , -r
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park gams
schedule as above. * .
.Leave T offß _, Arrive
San Francisco. J Apr ii 2, San Francisco.
Wekk I Sun- n-.t?.?^!,,- BrN " I Wbek
_Da vs. I days. Destination. DAYB , | p AY 9.
7:30 am 7:30 am Kovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 tm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 PM| 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:80 am - Windsor, 10:10 am
■ ; •  , .- . Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
■ '■. ■ : ■ Pieta. — —
7:30 am - Hopland A 10:10 am
3:30 I'm i 7:30 am :Uklah. 7:30 6:15
7:30 am 10:10 am
7:30 am Qnerneville. 7:30 pm
8:30 pm ■ 6:15 PM
7:30 am 7:30 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm| i and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I [ Glen Ellen.
7:30 am,7:30 AMI RebaatoDol 1 10:40 am 110:10 AM
3:3opm|6:oopm| SebaBtopol - 1 6:05 Pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Hanta Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Hkasrgs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, K^lseyville. Soda Bay and Lake port; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
! Lakes, Laurel Cell Lake, Upper Lane, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Lierley's, Bucknell's, San-
hedrlu Heights, Hullville, Booneville, Green
wood, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Brags, Westport, Usal, WiUets, Cahto, Covelo,
Laytonvlile/Harrls, Scotia And Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoed
rates. • •-:..-«■> ,
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H. C WHITING. R.X.RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic *^||S|§&
Pacific
Trains leave from and arrive (KPKg/rN
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. M.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex car* for
Denver and St. Louis. . •
The Pouular SaNTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, In charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination. v ■ • . •
- The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust; Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. - -
Ticket Office-644 Market Street.
Chronicle Building:. ■
1 NEW TO-PAT.'
<^ SFA^ CO
DOCTOfmVEANI
This illustrious sage of medicine and
surgery, so long a practitioner in this
city, needs no introduction to the
Western people. Well is he known to
them all. Byhis fair, honest and upright
methods as a business man he commands
the confidence of the commercial world,
and by his great skill and learning as a
physician he has called thousands back
from the very
SHADOW OF THE TOMB
' The following is an index to some of the
diseases that come within his specialty:
ABSCESSES HYSTERIA
ALCOHOLISM IMPOTENCY
ASTHMA INFLUENZA
ATROPHY JAUNDICE
BILIOUSNESS LEUCORRHCEA
BRONCHITIS LOST MANHOOD
CANCER MALARIA
CATARACT MASTURBATION
I CATARRH NERVOUSNESS
CONSTIPATION NEURALGIA
CONSUMPTION OBESITY
DIABETES PARALYSIS
DIARRHCEA PILES
DROPSY PLEURISY
DYSPEPSIA RHEUMATISM
ECZEMA RUPTURE
EMISSIONS SCROFULA
EPILEPSY SLEEPLESSNESS
ERYSIPELAS STERILITY
GALLSTONES STRICTURE
GLEET ir'VVv SYPHILLIS
GONORRHCEA TONSILITIS
GOUT . ' TUMORS
GRAVEL ■■'■, ."-■ .'■•-■ ULCERS
HEADACH VARICOCELE
:HYDROCELfc.-\ VERTIGO
There is. no reason on earth why you
should suffer from any of these or similar
ailments. Relief is offered, and health is
yours if you will accept it. Go directly
to the : i v
FOUNTAIN OF LIFE.
Call upon Dr. Sweany or write him your
troubles at once, and he will not only
cheer and comfort you, but will cure you
sound and well and fill your whole future
with sunshine and happiness. He is kind
to the poor, and if you have no money he
will treat you free of charge on Friday
afternoons; that is if you will come to him
in person. The doctor's office hours are from
9 to 12 A. M., 2 to 5 P. M., 7 to 8 P. M.;
Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
F. L. S WEAN I, M. D., San Francisco, Cal.
. L. Oil CHUT, Ifl. U., San Francisco, Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HOITHKKBi l'AdFlt' COJIPAMt.'
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.)
Train* leave anil Mr* <lv« in nrrlve nt
"• HAH I'UAKt'lKl'O.
lea — From Juke 7. 1896. — ' Anniva
•O:OOa Niles, San Joso and Way Stations . . . H:4sa
7:00 ,\ Atlantic Express, Ogden and Hast.. S-4Sp
7:00 a Benicia, Vacavillo, Rumsey. Sacra*
mento, Oroville and Redding via
Davis 8:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Xapa, Calls-
' toga and Santa Rosa 6:15*
•:HOa Niles, .Sail Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysrille and lite.
Bluff 4il«p
*9:3©.v Peters and Milton «7:15p
9:0»a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa *
Barbara and Lou Angeles 4:45 r
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11:13 a
»:OOa VaUejo 6:l»r
1 :<»«)[■ Niles, San Jose and Livermore 8:13 a
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *O:OUp
fl :»Op Port Costa and Way Stations tT:4Bp
4:00r Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo.
N»i>a, Calistoga, El Vcrauo uic
tSautii Kosn 9<lSa
«iVOp Benida, Vacayille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysvill.-.,
OrorlUe and Sacramento 10:13 a
4:30p Wiles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7i1.1p
4:39r Merced, Berenda, Raymond ((or
Yosemlte) and Fresno 11:45 a
Bioop New Orleans Kxprcss, I'rcsno. Bakers.
'leld, Santa llitrbnra, l.os Angeles,
Demit i El l'aso, New Orleans ana
Sast 10:13 a
SiOOp Santa We Route, Atlantic Express
- for Mojave and East 10:13 a
S:OOp Vallejo 11*48 a
6:00 p European Mall, Ogden and l'.ust.... 0:43 a
fl:OOi- Hay wards, NUcsaud Nan Jose 7:13 a
J7-.00 Vallejo t7«43p
7:00p Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, I'uget
Sound and East 10:43 a
SAM A MUZ IHVIsION (MarroiT <iiiug<M.
17 :45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, wanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ]9:03p
■ NfiWiirk,Ceiiterville,N:ni.l<>se,Fe!t(i!i,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
■■ '■• 5tati0n5.'..........; 3i3Op
•2:13p Newark, Ceqterville, San .lose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
: . • Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "11:90 a
|4:15 - Newark. San .loso and l.os Hatcg.... «:;i:3O *
COAST VISION (Third A Towiisoml St».)
*U:4sa San Jose ami V.'ay Stations (New
Almauen Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
37:30 a. Sunday . Excursion for Son Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations ;9:33p
8:13 a Ban Jose, Tren Pinna, Niinta Cruz
' J.'acilic Grove, Paso Rohle«, Sac I
, J.iiiK Ohispo, Guadalupo and Prin-
■ " "•■'. cipal Way Stations 7rOsp
19i47a Palo Alto and Way Stations........ fliSOp
IO:4O.\ San Jose m id Way Stations A:OOr
11:8Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 3:30p
■B:3OrSan Mateo, Menlo Park, Kan .los%
, - : Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cms, •
Salinas,MontereyandPaciilctirove MO: 10 A
1 *3:!I0p San Jose, | Pacific Grove and War
Stations *1;3OP
•l:30r San Jose and Way Stations.. *»:00a
5:30p San Jose aud Principal Way Stations "Sil^a
o:»OpSan Jose and Way Stations 6:113 a
t11:43p San Jose ami Way Stations v7:43p
ISAM IjKAN»KU AMI) 11AYWAKUS LOCAL.
.♦«:OOa"| • ( 7:13 a
8:00 a I (9:43 a
lO.'oot Melrose, Seminary Park, 5?;lSt
a »;»« A Fltchbnrg, s» Lewdro £&
:i:OOp I « d J 4:13p
»:OOp <■ SB * »>43p
O:OOp Ilirwirdi ( 6:1 3p
7:00p ' MSf
£J!Sr i Runs through to Nile*. | molt O c*;
ttlltlSpJ t From Niles. jtHa:OO F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
From SAN FRAHCISCO — of Market Street (Slip 8)— •
•7:15 9.00 11:00*.*. tl:00 *2:00 J3:CB
. •4:00 tS:CQ *6:00 p.m.
. From OAKLAND— Foot of Broadway.— ; B:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *l:00 12:00 *3:00 ti:C3
«3:00r.M. ■' .-_-■- • '
.. A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ,
• Sundays excepted. • t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
+ \ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
S Ratunlays and Sundays for Santa Cruz
<: c: ..,1..,-,H-....l , t~ r ~y ..• ..-<, <-•-,,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). •
From San Francisco, Commencing June 15, 1896
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, »8:00
. »9:16 10:15, 11:45, a. m.: '1:46, 8:20, 4:15.
6:15. *6:00. .. :35 p. *. .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedaei-
oays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. •
For Mill Valley and -San Kafael— *B:oo, *9 00
•10:00, 11:30 a. m.; •♦i- 4 .»:3j, «i :30, *2:16. *4:00
ii^(MJ 6:45, 8:30 *' m. Extra trip to Sauialltoat
Trains marked * run to San Qnentln. **12-30
P. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
. - ; THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way stations— 8:00 a.m.
Saturdays: 5:15 p. m. weekuays^- •?
For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way stations—
8:00 a. m. Sundays; 1:45 p. St. weekdays.WANTED TO BE
A WAIFMASTER
Craigie Gordon's Novel Plan
to Recover Lost Pack
ages,
ASKED GOVERNMENT AID
Postmasters Throughout the Coun
try Were Invited to Become
Assistants.
HE MADE ONE FATAL MISTAKE
Placed Under Arrest Because He Imi
tated Uncle Sam's Postage
Stamps.
After nearly a quarter of a century spent
in perfecting a gigantic scheme, intended
to ameliorate the condition of mankind in
general end the absent-minded in partlcu
CRAIGIE GORDON, ORIGINATOR OF THE "WAIF" SYSTEM.
lar, Craigie Gordon of Los Angeles and f
Pasadena finds himself in trouble with the J
United States Government. Gordon was j
arrested at Pasadena last week on a charge j
of im Hating* United States postage-stamp?,
and his plant, stamps aiid circulars were j
seized by Marshal Botello. The local of- i
h'ce was formally notified of the capture, j
but the true facts in the case did not come I
to licht until yesterday.
Gordon's scheme was one of magnificent
possibilities, in that it proposed to recover
for an insignificant sum everything that
mortals are liable to lose except, possibly,
their reputation. The thine was to be
done by a system of ''waif offices," estab
lished throughout the United States, the
postmaster being made the waifmaster.
In a general circular to the public Gordon, |
who signs himseif "United States Waif
niaster General," sets forth the "manner
of procedure to find all kinds of lost prop
erty, including children, persons, etc."
The circular reais as follows:
1. When a person loses anything he writes
on a United States postal card with paid reply
or in a letter, full particulars of his loss—
when, where, name, address, etc., having a
•JO-oent waif stamp printed, penned, pasted or
pinned thereon, bearing the name of the wnif
office and the waifmaster's running number of
the lost waif, and deliver* or mails the same
to the appointed local waifmr.ster.
'1. When a person finds anything he writes
on a United States postal card or in a letter
The 20-Cent Waif Stamp, as Printed by
Craigie Gordon.
particulars as above and delivers or mails the
Nime to the appointed local waifmaster.
S. When the waifmaster finds the lost and
found descriptions to correspond he informs
the loser /on the United States reply postal
card o* in a letter the particulars sent to him
by the finder.
4. All lost and found descriptions not corre
sponding in local postofflces will be sent seven
days after date to Los Angeles waif office for
Southern California, and to San Francisco waifi f
office for Northern California, also to the gen
eral waif office at Washington, D. C, to un
dergo a second and third search, for an ailai
tional 20-cent waif stamp lor each search.
~>. First, second and third-class Postmasters,
on receipt of this circular, will appoint the
waifmnster subject to confirmation, but fourth,
class Postmasters will, unless otherwise ap
pointed, be ordinarily the waifmasters as well.
fp.AKiIE GOItDON,
United States Waifmaster-Ueneral.
Los Angeles, j r ,
t-an Francisco, S '
All that a person has to do under Gor
don's I'topian idea is to report the 1033 of
a $20 piece to the waif office and it will be
returned by the lucky finder in the belief
a;id hope that if he should ever be placed
in a similar position equal favor will be
shown him. All this can be done for the
comparatively small sum of 20 cents. If,
however, the first attempt should fail the
loser is given an opportunity to make a ,
second and even a third effort to recover
his property at the rate of 20 cents an at
tempt.  .
It was a great scheme financially for
Gordon, even if it was only half a success.
j The waif master-general was to receive 50
per cent of all the coin taken in, the post
master, alias waifmaster, to retain the bal
ance. In the course of time Gordon pro
posed to extend the system throughout
the civilized world. *
Twenty years ago Gordon, with the con
fidence born in the faith of his own idea,
placed his scheme before the Postmaster-
General at Washington. He expected the
Government to errasp the proposition with
the same eagerness with which a drown
ing man catches at a straw. But the de
partment did not see it that way. In fact
I they said a good many unkind things, go
i ing so far as to call him a crank. Gordon
' was much chagrined at his treatment, but
not one whit less determined. Year after
year he returned to the attack, and each
time was given the same answer.
Six months ago Gordon decided to take
the initial step himself. He bought print
ing presses, paper and typo and estab
lished temporary headquarters at Pasa
dena. Waifmasters were appointed in
many of the smaller towns in Southern
California and neighboring States. His
first circular to postmasters reads as fol
lows: US
; CIRCULAR TO WAIFMASTERS
• FROM THE
UNITED STATES WAIF OFFICE.
To N. Sleppy, P. M., China, San Bernardino
County, Cat— Dear Sir: We hereby tender you
the office of waifmaster for your postoffice dis
trict, and in case of your being first, second
or third-class Postmaster prevents your ac
| cepting the office, we ask you to appoint a
suitable person to fill the office, subject al
ways, however, to our approval or dismissal.
In order to commence this new project, in
tended to extend not only throughout our
I'nited States, but to all the nations of the
earth in due time, we inclose you herewith
twelve 20-cent waif stamps for immediate use,
by cancellation, writing thereon the name of
vonr office and running number, commencinjt
with' Nos. 1. 2, 3 and so on.
As the United States Postoflice does not yet
permit the affixing of our waif stamps on
postal cards, you can imitate one by four cross
lines, returning to us the canceled stamp with
your report of business on the first day of
every month.
Before the twelve waif stamps are entirely
used up, send to the address below for a new
supply, together with remittance for the orig
inal twelve at the rate of 10 cents per stamp,
thus leaving you 10 cents for each 20-cent waif
used.
When rewards are offered and not claimed
by the finder, one-half goes to the local waif
master and one-half to the waif-office service.
The same from the sale of articles left in waif
offices when not claimed.
C paigie Gordon, Waifmaster-General.
Los Angeles, San Francisco, Cal. •
In getting out his stamps Gordon made
one fatal mistake. On the margin he
placed the words, "U. S. mail." As soon
as the local postal authorities heard of the
scheme they investigated the stamp, and
were not lone in discovering that the
waifmaster-general had laid kimself liable
to the United States laws.
Without further ado they arrested Gor
don, seizing his plant and all the stamps
on hand. The success or failure of the
"waif" system will now probably never be
known, for if Gordon escapes punishment
it will probably be under the promise to
"go and sin no more."
WHITE IS UNDER ARREST
The Cattle King Locked Up
Yesterday for Contempt
of Court.
Would Not Pay His Wife's Counsel
Fees and Went to the
County Jail.
George E. White, the Round Valley
"cattle king, whose domestic and finan
cial difficulties have made him well known
through the medium of the courts, took
up his abode at the County Jail last even
ing, where he will remain until this morn
ing and perhaps longer if the Supreme
Court refuses to intervene in his behalf.
When White's wife began an action for
divorce some time ago sne obtained a par
tial victory in an allowance of $500 for
counsel fees.
White neglected to pay the sum, though
admonished by the court that its man
date must be obeyed, and stated that he
would go to jail first. Then a warrant was
issued for his arrest on a charge of con
tempt of court, but for some reason the
Deputy Sheriffs who were charged with
taking him into custody failed to find him.
Recently he tooK up his residence with a
spiritualist colony, and hearing of his
change of address the Sheriff's deputy lay
in wait for him and finally served the
warrant.
He was taken to the County Jail and his
attorney hurried to the Supreme Court,
where he sued out a writ of haheas corpus
returnable this morning at 10 o'clock.
If the writ is not granted White will
stay in jail until the $500 awarded Mrs.
White by Judge Hebbard is forthcoming.
Hag Millions in His Mind.
Peter Zimmerman of San Jose, who imagines
he is possessed of millions of dollars, was yes
terday committed to the Kapa Insane Asylum
by Judge Hebbard.
The Lavin Kstate.
John Lavin was yesterday appointed ex
ecutor of the estate of Thomas Lavin, and filed
bonds in the amount of *24,000.
Loan* on watches, jewelry, silverware, at Cncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1896.
THEY ALL WANT
TO SEE THE FIGHT
Members of the Four Hun
dred Get the Pugilistic
Craze.
CORBETT • SHARKEY GO.
Olympic Club Lads Will Attend
the Contest in a
Body.
BETTING ifOW ON THE BESULT.
Pools to Be Sold on the Four-Round
Contest and the Dixon-Flaherty
Fight.
Not until to-night, when pool-selling
will begin, will it be known how the public
regard the two men in the Corbett-Shar
key four-round go.
There has already been some betting, in
cited either by like or dislike, friendship
or something else, but not much. Strong
Sharkey men have not run against enthusi
astic Corbett backers, although one can en
ter almost any public place in the City
and hear adherents of either one or the
other offer to wager large sums of money
on their respective favorites. •
But this kind of betting does not count.
It is done through sentiment and not
judgment. Ihe immutable law of supply
and demand will regulate affairs, the odds
being given where the money is the most
plentiful.
The chief points on whicn the betting
must be done and on which the pools will
be sold are: Whether Corbett will "stop"
Sharkey within four rounds; whether
Sharkey will "stop" Corbett within that
time, or which of the two will get a favor
able decision at the close of the contest,
both being on their feet ready to continue
the bout.
Of these propositions the one whether
or not Corbett will "stop" Sharkey is cal
culated to call for the heaviest betting.
The others are generally conceded, that
Sbarkey will neither get a decision in his
favor, nor will he be able to "stop" the
champion, hence odds of "crazy" magni
tude would have to be given to bring about
a wager.
Sharkey's friends are sanguine on the
point that he can neither be knocked out
nor stopped in four rounds. They look
back to his prowess ashipboard, wnen for
amusement he exposed his jaw to the
punches of his mates. They also con
sider the bulldog fashion he went at Joe
Choynski and came out unharmed after
eight hard rounds. They consider him in
the light of one who may not prove a vic
tor, but who cannot possibly be van
quisned.
There is where the sentimental part of
the business comes in, and it is possible
that many thousands of dollars may be
lost in that line by the sailors, of the sev
eral war vessels in these waters.
The old-timers who will look back will
remember poor Clarence Whistler. He
was a wrestler of as fine physique as was
ever seen in this State. Built like SharKey.
only on a little larger mold, he knew how
to handle himself at least as well as does
the sailor. He was the man who, in this
City, invited John L. Sullivan to go into a
back room, lock the door and throw away
the key so as to Save no interference in
fighting it out their own way. Sullivan
did not accept.
Whistler, like Sharkey, was muscle
bound, and could make a terrific battle at
rough-and-tumble, but was hardly able to
stand for a clever fighter.
In those days Jack Brady, a big man,
champion of this State, who was only half
j^ ' ■ ' . - ■ • . ' '>.!-.,* "■-.-■,' -'...'.'-,: '- ■ -• ■ ■ . 5" ; , • ■ ,«*
* J^ fa^ %§Mi*% S^^O.F L^; At *
"^ We begin at 8 A. M. to-morrow the THIS SALE in the largest exclu-
-^ most important Suit, Jacket, Cape and sive Cloak and Suit House in San *$•
Waist Sale we have ever held. Our of- Francisco means for you high class 4%+
Jgt ferings are without peer or parallel. . tailor-made garments at prices you j?L
jt± Price chances that you can only ex- could not ordinarily get the poorest
pect elsewhere when the Winter kinds for. We're overstocked— the , 3£
goods have come. Read this Adver- season advances—Half price rules 3E
"I* tisement — See the goods. now. ... • 3£
?E Sale CaneS Sale DrP<s«;p« You cannot go on your vacation ¥
060 OdIC Cdpeb. dlc L ' rebSeS. without a Wash Dress or two. 3£
¥ -$2.00 s_i°isa? KSJ. SS.SO^SSSv'KJJS?^^ layout VM »tlo. opportunity. 2E
35 trimmed— Black, Tan or Blue. wide skirts, rustled lined— jackets, with °Sr
33 big sleeves, ripple back and lined through- Cnlo r_iV/-»l>r h«/ici nAn *S?
33 t\t\ Allour«7'iO wan^ASßtnnn out. All sizes on hand now, but at the UUCK Dresses. T
33 $5.00 sill n«il'a V*rr«? d * 1O i <oo Price we offer them lines will noon be _^ , ' •■ • „, ■§►
og T«n«Vnrt t« ?ri™sßS' «H?i n« ir S Ie BlyleS ' -broken. dresses would be a good $1 . 50 D«ck Dresses - Blazer styles, *T
22 Lace and Jet trimmed, Silk lined. s - value at Sl3. «P*«* 7V ' ripple back, full skirts. Choice -j3»
°vp — line of patterns. '£
"4* $f\ 00 AU of the * 10 and '911 Velvet Co (SO All-Wool Cheviot Dresses, latest ' „ ' j 44»
£ iPU.V/v Capes remaining in stock— Jet 4'"«»' u cut— tans or grays— wide skirts Ci 75 Duck Dresses — Reefer styles £
■•g- embroidered, Silk lined— full ripple style. with rustling lining— ripple back, ,<"■•' •* box fronts, ripple backs, full 4&
t ' . I silk facings, big pleevea, etc. The old price skirts. Large variety of patterns. £•
<_*' .-»■'» « ' i N wassls. We have all sizes. • , '■ ■ ■£?►
£ "snlP I«rl«rP>-rc ' $? 00 Fine Duck Dresses, Blazer style, [J
*• i oait uatKCl.s. | >_ -^ All-Wool Blazer Dresses in < I' AtUU with sailor collars, ripple -^
*L C A E A All-Wool Tan Mixed Cloth. Tack- 1 3>y««? v Fancy Tun and Gray Mixed backs, full skirts. 20 patterns to choose C*
* $4. ets-fancy Cheviot and black I Cheviots-Jackets silk faced, big sleeves, from. ' -.- *£.
»i (roods— box front, fancy back, big sleeves, ripple backs, finished with , small white •-::•; • — - .5
TZ?" finished with large and small pearl but- pearl buttons. Extra wide .skirts, rustled <f> <jm Duck Dresses in Reefer styles, "^
?, tons— a good $10 Jacket. . r lined. Suits that were never sold under 3>£.jZo box. fronts, sailor collars, full 2
*Z? ■ $15. . skirts. A large variety of patterns. "Sy 1
f II?iSS^HS $13 -?° *=■?- HOPWSBSMfc-SS ; f
I imjjiigii ment of colorings-ripple back Jacket, O uting effort*. This is the very latest #• !
_^ . . . . . ... — — •—. ; . ■ sold at $18. . , _, '5
I Sale Separate Skirts : |iao6^%sm«Sr9 Sale Waists. |
t <R1 00 Our * 450 Separate. Skirts in fine All- Wool Cloths and Cheviot" effects— Af f%(\r A special lot of $1.00 Shirt '■-■_!
«^. ,47_f.w Black Fancy Mohair, and in strictly Man Tailor-made— Jackets lined, L <-> v *' Waists— Percales, choice $&■
SI fancy Black and White and* Blue and cut in the latest style— the Skirts wide, patterns, matched yokes, perfectly laun- . 3
v* White Checks— wide cut, rustling lining, with rustling lining. Many styles and all dered collar* nnd cuffs. You will find ■«►
j£. velveteen bound. • •., . sizes. • ■ ■ ;. these a temp: in; bargain. : 2
4* _l___L3Sll-_C__7__r ; c«3 _L,I_S_3E3S, lap Kearny St. 4
4f ' • Largest Exclusive Cloak and Suit House on the Coast. *J-
<!£s v.' Country Orders promptly filled Send Money with Order. Every ,' Garment Guaranteed. -;,i.
scienced as compared with Corbett, me
Whistler at the old Wigwam.
Whistler, in the estimation of every
body, was to annihilate him.
The fieht lasted less than a minute.
Brady landed on the strong man's jaw and
knocked him out most completely. No
body was more astonished than Brady
himself. He did not believe when he en
tered the ring that he could knock ont his
man in a week's punching, but he believed
he could eventually "stop" him. .
Such is the case with Corbett and
Sharkey. Corbett is satisfied he will
eventually get a favorable decision, but he
does not quite see where he is going to
knock Sharkey out. One good blow will
do this, and there are four rounds in
which one of the cleverest boxers in the
world has time to find the proper place to
land it.
There will be heavy odds offered against
Corbett finishing his man in the first,
second or third rounds.
In connection with the betting on the
contest there are to be pools sold on the
feather-weight contest between Georee
Dixon and Martin Flaherty in Boston to
nieht.
Dixon is champion of the world in his
class, but according to Jim Corbett, who
has seen Flaherty at work, the latter has
at least an even chance, in this twenty
round go, for a decision.
The sale of seats for the coming
event at the Pavilion opened yesterday
morning. The Olympic Club members
took a block of 200 tickets and reserved 100
seats more. The Bohemian Club reserved
fifty seats, and forty more were taken up
by the Pacific-Union Club. These tickets
do not include private purchases, but have
been secured by the respective clubs as in
stitutions.
The Pavilion has been blocked off into
boxes surrounding the platform where the
contest is to take place, and further away
ara tne benches. The galleries are also
fixed with bench seats. In all there will
be seating capacity for 3900 people down
stairs and 3000 upstairs, with prices rang
ing from $2 to $5.
"I expect 10.000 people will be in the
Pavilion on the night of the contest, 1 ' said
Corbett yesterday.
Extra precautions have been taken to
see that all people properly entitled to
witness the mill get their due. Incident
ally precautions are being taken that the
principals get all that is coming to them.
P. D. Linville, the special policeman,
who used to manage the old California
Athletic Club contests, has been placed in
charge of this one. He will have fifty spe
cial policemen under him. Twelve will be
stationed on and will patrol the roof of the
Pavilion, while the others will care for the
inside and outside of the building.
Yesterday Corbett went through his
usual exercise punching the bag and spar
ring with George Green, and he also had
some handball practice.
Neither he nor Sharkey diets very much.
Each eats pretty much what his fancy
calls for, and while Sharkey refrains from
drinking intoxicants Corbett does not
hesitate to take a glass of beer, ale or
champagne.
Bluffing a Biahop.
Bishop Tborburn, the great Methodist
Episcopalian, on the tiunday evening after
the steamer Caledonia left JBombay on her
last voyage, preached on sin. In showing
that sin was simply the generic term for
many evils, he pointed out that charcoal
and diamond were composed of the same
elements differently combined, and said
that if you were to place a chunk of char
coal on the deck and leave it there till the
ship reached Suez it would be found to
have depreciated 25 per cent, whereas a
diamond similarly treated would be found
as pure, as bright and as valuable as when
first deposited in its position. The pro
mulgation of this theory had the effect of
raising an excited controversy on board,
and Mr. Archer, described as a great
Yankee authority on "books," offered the
Bishop to place a piece of charcoal on the
deck on condition that his opponent sup
plied the diamond, and he would bet Rs.
3000 that when the boat reached Suez tliere
would be more charcoal and less diamond
visible. The Bishop shirked the ordeal.—
Westminster Gazette.
The Cocopah volcanoes, seventy-five
miles southwest of Yuma, Ariz., have
recently been in violent eruption. The
larger ones emitted great volumes of smoke
and some Humes, and the smaller ones
threw out quantities of water, stones and
mud. The roar of the eruptions could be
heard twenty miles or more.
Immersion in salt water is said to make
wood narder and more durable.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
FAST STEAMERS
FOR THE EAST
Will Run in Opposition to
the Southern Pa
cific.
VIA THE HORN ROUTE.
The Washtenaw Is Now Being
Got Ready at the Fulton
Iron Works.
IS FAST AND A BIG CARRIER
Johnson-Locke Company Will Proba
bly Manage the New
Concern.
The Southern Pacific is not going to
j have it all its own way with Eastern
freight. A new rival is in the field and
tlie merchants of San Francisco will have
a chance to patronize it.
When Collis P. Huntinston made his
arrangements with the Panama Railroad
he evidently expected that everything
would be plain sailing and that the oppo
sition was dead. His steamers between
New York and Aspinwall were withdrawn
and sent around the Horn to augment his
I fleet running Detween San Francisco and
I Panama, and the Central American Com
! pany retired from this end of the business.
Soon after the change rates went up and
the only relief importers had was from the
sailing vessels. According to stories told
on the iront yesterday Mr. Huntington
will have another and a determined oppo
sition to fight. Fast steamers have been
chartered, and they will mate the run be
tween New York and San Francisco via
the straits of Magellan. One of the ves
sels is now in this port, and it is said that
Frank S. Johnson of the Johnson- Locke
Company has secured two more in New
York.
The steamer here and one of the vessels
now in the East will load simultaneously,
I and it will be a trial of speed between
I them from port to port. It is expected
that the new line will make almost as
good time as the Panama route, and th
j saving in cost will be very great. All the
i steamers will be good freight-carriers.
and there is enough business in sight to
keep them going for at least twelve
months.
The vessel that has been secured on this
I side of the continent is the Washtenaw.
She is a splendid vessel and very fast.
I She arrived here on the 4th inst. with 4200
j tons of coal from Tacoma for the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, and made the
I round trip in the remarkably smart time
lof seven days. Since her arrival and dis
; charge she has been lying in Oakland
> Creek awaiting a charter.
Her time came yesterday when one of
| the red-stack company's boats went across
I the bay for her. She was taken to the
I Fulton Iron W 7 orks, where she will be
given a thorough overhauling, after which
she will be ready for the fray. When
everything is in readiness she will prob
ably dock at .Lombard-street wharf and
take aboard a cargo of California merchan
dise.
Mr. Johnson, who is said to nave engi
neered the new deal, is expected home
from New York to-night. Until his return
no one in the company will either affirm
or deny the story. It is known to many
prominent men on th* water front that
sucii a scheme is on foot, and they say
that the Washtenaw will be on her way
before July is very old, and that a steamer
from New York may be expected here early
in September.
The old name of "The North American
Navigation Company" may be used, and
the Johnson-LockeCompany will be the
agents.
■ NEW TO-DAY.
~MANT
Are You Weak?
Have you tried medicine and
I failed to find a cure for Nervous
■ Debility, Sexual and Vital Weak-
ness, Early Decay, Drains and
■ Waste of " Vital Force, Failing
I Memory, Palpitation of the
I Heart, Weak Kidneys, Dyspep-
sia, etc. etc.? All of these
M symptoms' are cured by
\\Jj[ Dr Sandcns i&XI
• A Never- «3t?&-, Personal
Failing 5(S^& Weak-
for All of Men.
"Your belt has cured me of nervous debility
in three months. I used parrels of medicine
to get this result, but nothing did me any good
till I got the belt." Wm. Dawson, 1422 Sutter
street, San Francisco, October sth.
"When I got your Belt one month ago I was
so nervous I could not sleep; also had pains in
my back arid limbs. I now sleep well and the
pains are ail gone." E. B. Hore, Alameda, Cal.,
October 4th.
"I would not take $100 for the Belt I got of
you six weeks ago. It has already done me
more good than all the medicines I ever tried."
Captain Henry Beck, schooner Newark. 240
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
"Your Belt has cured me of varicocele and
weakness of twenty-six years' standing." L.
L. Jaccard. San Leandro, Cal., September 17,
1895. k
"The Belt has cured me oi nervous debility
that was so bad I could not walk." Thomas
Ray, American Exchange Hotel San Francis-
co, Semember 19th.
___ As you well know,
jflßBl|E If you are sufferers
iK j and have tried
MWb&bP them, electricity —
Cgjj Wjt which is nerve
t&k Mf force —is the ele-
Hr- in cii i that was
JK3S ilrameJ from the
>%Sr ?nE^>B— system, and to cure
rfs&si%MM!m^ PLACED. Our Dr.
Jfw H PLACED. Our Dr.
&£s&£?, Wk Sanden Electric Belt
■V is a complete medi-
£":• mm cal battery, same as
JBB3B »-/.%> Wf used by 'the fore-
tf^ff *W most physicians
MMKfli tli rough out the
Em BBRptgngaJ world, scientifically
constructed upon
I^r^ jilWnt'^BS^m t!ie principles of
(ialvoni and VoUa,
|B giving the genuine
fipillijftffi^ljlllsS'' soothing currents
which at once per-
meate the entire
&gfi^-* body, and in the
above weaknesses
5 El we send the current
1 ifiß warn* affected, the parts
*&■ I j^^V affected, instantly
Jfi!| fZ»| causing a healthy,
glowing warmth
WS MS& and rejuvenation of
MSB Km** every organ,' so that
m 3 Ssßh decided benefits are
"^P* experienced from
Hot IB the first week's use
VHH 99 ol the Belt. We thus
M u| add a positive
.^l| strength to the sys-
&. Kk .HB^-i torn without weak-
■g »^J^Ti" n '"S ttie stomnch
~ =^* m 4!582l by poisonous drngs,
Ba »' and our Belts and
hygienic advice will cure every case or money
refunded. •.*;■■: ,■•.'■:
. We Warrant our Belts to give the true
currents of electricity, which can be
felt immediately upon charging, or we
forfeit $10,000.
Is warranted to last lor years. We make all
repairs, if needed, free of charge.
! . In short, we faithfully promise to give every
buyer the crowning triumph in medico-elec-
trical science, and have placed the price within
the " means of every sufferer. Every young,
middle-a*ed and old man should SEND FOR
OUR NEW PAMPHLET, fully illustrated, and
containing : hundreds of testimonials from
every State, with NAME AND ADUREsS
IN FULL, so that you can write or see them
and satisfy yourself of the truth of our state-
ments. Is sent StALED, FREt, upon
application. Largest Electric Belt Manufac-
tory in the world. Address or call
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; a a. m. to
8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 12.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR.,
204 South Broadway. | 263 Washington atre«.
EMM
FOR THE
GENERAL ELECTION
A LL ELECTORS DESIRING TO VOTE AT
■"■ the coming election must be registered re-
gardless of any previous registration.
Registration for the General Election to be held
November 8, 1896, commenced at the office of the
Registrar of Voters in the northeast wing of the
New City Hall on WEDNESDAY, May 27, 1898,
and will continue until
nonday, August 3, i 896, inclusive,
when Registration at the Centra!
Office will cease.
On and after July 11, 1886, registration will be
open at the New City Hall on Saturday evenings
from 7 p. m. to 9 P. m.
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
Will commence in the several precincts of the
city on TUESDAY, August 4. 1896, and do c
on SATURDAY, August 8, 1896, when all regis-
tration will cease.
Office hours from 9 a.m. till 10 p. m. :
By order .of the . Board of Election Commis-
sioners.
W. M. HINTON,
-■ . ■■'• - ; " Registrar.
GUN STOREJCLOSING OUT,
$20,000 STOCK .
Offered at Panic Prices* . Until .July Ist,
When l.iii-«- Expires. • •
GEO. W7~SHREVE,
, 739 Market Street.
I Wnea ordering please mention Call, . . , ; i
* NEW TO-PAT.'
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAOQIOM KID GLOVES.
LACES
— — A AX——
IMMENSE REDUCTION!
Z-__wOE3JS
Offered at prices to warrant an
EFFECTUAL -:- CLEARANCE.
DRAPERY NETS AND
FLOUNCINGS
In colored and black, 45 Inches wide.
Former price n0w... .53. 3% yard
, Former price »3.50 now S'J.35 yard
Former price »3.00....n0w....#2.00 yard
; Former price 51. 50.. ..n0w... .91.00 yard
CHIFFON LACES
In fancy colors, 18 inches wide.
Former price VI. OO now 50c yard
POINT DE PARIS LACES
In white, assorted patterns.
41/2 inches wide-
Former price 2 5c now 12Vio yard
3 inches wide —
Conner price 20c now 10c yard
POINT DE CiENES LACES
In butter colored, in a variety of designs.
3 inches wide-
Former price 45c now 25c yard
6 inches wide— y", i.V;
Former price 70c now «40c yard
8 inches wide-
Former price SI. IO now 65c yard
POINT VENICE LACES
With net top, in butter color, assorted designs.
7 inches wide-
Former price 75c now 50c yard
11 inches wide—
J- onner price 00c now 550 yard
13 inches wide-
Former price $1.25 now 75c yard
COLORED COTTON LACES
From 2 to 4% inches wide.
Former price 25c now 10c yard
BLACK LACES
At a Big Reduction in Price.
_E3__S_lT^ : i.-A_!
208 Ladies' Black Cloth
Embroidered Boston
SHOPPING BAGS.
Former prices— S3. 7s, 83, 92. no and S3
iiacn,— now 81.50 Kadi.
See "Chronicle" and "Examiner" for values In
other departments.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN . LEVUfSOH,
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STOKK— 742 and 744 Market
Street. -\' r - 1
GOLDEN RULE
BAZAAR.
Special
Sale
New and
Popular
Books
IT PRICES THAT
SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES.
Pub. nnr
Price Price
A Lady of Quality... by Mrs. Burnett $1.50 $ 1.05
A Summer in Arcady...by J. L. Allen 1.25 I .87
Tom Grogan by F. 11. .Smith 1.50 1.05
Cinderella and other stories \
..: ....by K. 11. Davis 1.00 .69
Robert Atlerbnry by Bralnard .50 .35
The Red Cockade by Stanley Weyman < 1.60 , 1.05
Chronicles of Count Antonio '
by Anthony Hope 1.50 1.05
The Sorrows of Satan by Marie Corelli : 1.50 1.05
The Days of Auld Lung Syne [
-...••• ."........by lan Mac aren 1.25 .87
The Manxman. by Hall Cat ne 1.50 1.05
The Hon. Peter Stirling., by P. L. Ford 1.50 ; 1.05
A Fool of Nature..
...: by Julian Hawthorne 1.26 1.05
Adam John stone's Son |
• by Marlon Crawford 1 1.50 1.05
A Singular Life. j
'.. ..by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps 1.25 .H7
A Few Memories.. by Mary Anderson 2.50 1.75
Joan of Arc by Mark Twain 1 2.50 1.75
4000 , I POPULAR
SHEET ?" : «
TITLES I MUSIC,
S Cents cg?Y.
Send for Catalogue.
DAVIS BROS.,
718 Market Street, San Francisco
T8 THE VERY BK.Si' ONE TO KXAMtNB
A your eyes and at tnem to Spectacles and Era-
glasses with Instruments of bis own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. -t/ suo?
cms has been due to the menu o< my worm
Office Hours— l 2 to .i\ _>
' ''i^fe^il Us FIF DOLLAR
I^S^ELECTiIiC BELTS
-ffSTs^-i'-J-^e^-il T?O R S'^3; $40 BELTS
JSsiT^s^nwPr -P for * 20 - aild * 80 Is<1 "<
< \?a#ii^Bß=a4^ : -*' for $15; also good belts for
' : - ' *TW* r^AvV^/-'^ • *5. -latest patent and all
'■■■• !-.•* <v_Pi* " Improvements. - fl-iS" . Call
"JStfii or write for new pamphlet
V- r- v"* 1 !* ■ •. - No. 2. Address DX.
PIERCK & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San Franciaco.
910
IN DEFENSE OF
A FREE PRESS
Revival of the Old Asso
ciation Formed in
1890.
OLD MEMBERS AROUSED.
Judicial Despotism in Contempt
Cases Not to Be Tole
rated.
WILL ENFORCE THE BARRY LAW
An Effort to B-3 Made to Htve a
Plank Inserted in the Democratic
Platform.
Active preparations are being made to
reorganize the Free Press Defense Associa
tion, which the now historic Barry con
tempt case called into existence some six
years ago. A great many of the members
of that organization have been seen dur
ing the past few days and all are anxious
to reorganize the association to take action
in reference to Judge Catlin's decision of
the contempt case of Editor McClatcney of
the Sacramento Bee.
At the time of the first organization of
the defense association public sentiment
was aroused to a remarkable degree In
favor of freedom of speech and of the
press. An immense mass-meeting was
held on September 19, 1890, which was
attended by thousands, who crowded the
streets in their efforts to gain admittance
to the hall. Many of the most prominent
men of the City were present. Among
the vice-presidents were: Judge James G.
Magnire, Richard I. Whelan, John J. Me-
Darte, M. M y McGlynn, president of the
Federated Trades; W. J. B. Mackay, edi
tor of the Coast Seamen's Journal; Patrick
Eeddy and others. Stewart Menzies pre
sided over the meeting. With the greatest
entnusiasia ihe following resolutions were
passed :
Whebkas, On the 30th day of September,
1 -->:'. .fames I\. Barry was brought beiore the
Superior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, for an alleged
contempt for publishing a criticism of Judge
F. EL Lawler; and said. Barry thereupon de
manded his constitutional right of a trial by
jury, and offered to prove his charges as pub
lished by him, and the Judges presiding re
i tsed such a trial, and announced that Un
truth was not a defense, and thereupon ordered
said Barry to he imprisoned and fined; and
whereas, on the 11th day of September, 1890,
-iLpreme Court confirmed such doctrine
niter keeping the case over eight months by a
decision without citing a single authority:
;i .\v be it
Resolved, By the citizens of San Francisco in
•meeting assembled in defense of liberty:
That the doctrine asserted in this case is in de
fiance of the laws and constitution of Cali
fornia and oi the United States and a direct
:sion of the constitution and a deadly as
sault upon the guaranteed liberties of the
■ • of the United States and without a legal
or moral foundation, and on a par with the
despotism »>f Russia, where men are in like
manner hurried to prison without trial, and
renders the whole people subject to imprison
ment at any hour withoul trial or opportunity
to prove the truth, for criticism of a Judge,
and
Krsolred. That the act of Congress of March
31, 1831, passed for the purpose of preventing
the Judges of the United States from ever de
ny inp a jury trial formatters spoken or wTit
ten of a Judge out of court, and which lor
sixty years has been found sufficient to protect
all the United States courts and which is so
plain as to leave no room for Judges to destroy
liberty under the color of construing law,
should be immediately substituted in place of
section 1209 of the Code of Civil Procedure of
California, and we demand such action by the
next Legislature.
The following Legislature obeyed the
demand of the people thus expressed and
pas-sped tbe following law, which has since
become famous as the Barry contempt
law:
No speech, statement or publication reflect
ing upon or concerning any court, or any of
ficer thereof, shall be treated or punished as a
contempt of such court unless made in the im
mediate presence of such court while in ses
sion, and in such a manner &s to actually in
terfere with its proceedings.
Having accomplished this the old Free
Press Defense Association went out of ex
istence. The recent effort to declare the
Barry law unconstitutional and to assert
an inherent right of a Judge to punish for
contempt has aroused the spirit of the
members of the old association and they
will again take up the fight. Toward the
end of this week a meeting will probably
be held and an effort will be made to have
Congressman Maguire for president of the
association.
An effort will also be made to have a
plank inserted in the Democratic plat
form voicing the sentiment expressed by
the people of this City six years ajzo. In
1890 there were strong planks calling for
the enactment of the contempt law in
both Republican and Democratic plat
forms, and in compliance with the de
mands made in the«e plank? the Barry
law was passed. Whether or not the de
sired plank shall be inserted in this year's
Democratic platform the association will
be reorganized just the same, and the old
fight against irresponsible judicial power
will be prosecuted with old-time vieor.
NEW BARBERS' UNION.
An Organixnhon for the. Elevation ol
the Tia'e Will Be Formed
To-Night.
The International Journeymen Barbers'
Union wili be temporarily organized this
evening.
For some time past there has been much
dissatisfaction witli the present organiza
tions and several active mem rare started
out to organize a new body. These or
ganizers fire: F. Hodges, J. Heegler, I.
IS. Bergholtz, J. L. Isaacs, C. H.
'-pwicer and F. Barrett.
L n<Jer the present order in the unions
i'ne members not oniy have to pay their
dues, but pay forever)' situation they se
cure from the employment secretary, and
■ otn plaints have been made that those
who paid the most cot the best places.
Th" new union will at once -ip«et the old
order of thin«s and the organisers expect
\u absorb two of the present associations.
After forming a temporary organization
a request will be made lor a charter from
the International Union. The new body
wil lie :i beneliciary organization as well
as a trades union. The dues will be 50
cents a month. An allowance of $5 a
wc.k will be made for sick members and
$50 for funeral excuses in case of death.
In addition an employment secretary will
be kept under salary and work wili be se
cured for unemployed barbers upon the
payment of a registration fee ot 25 cents.
There will be no preference shown; the
first applicant will be the first served, if ne
be competent.
No one will be admitted to membership
unless he has served an apprenticeship
of three years, and no college barber
''graduates'' will be admitted to the union
under any circumstances, nor are master
barbers eligible to membership. The lat
ter, however, are favorable to the new
union.
The objects are to elevate the craft, pro
tect its members, lessen the hours of labor
and secure the closing of shopn on week
days, Saturdays excepted, at 8 p. m., and
on Sundays at noon. So far 113 journey
men barbers have signed the charter roll.
SALVATION WORK
The Volunteers of America Endeavor
to Organize on 1 his Coast.
Staff Captain Gardner, the officer in
charge of the Volunteers of America on
the Pacific Coast, was in the City yester
day on business. He finds the nucleus for
a tine post already, and many are signify
ing their intention of joining the move
ment as soon as the work is opened.
The staff captain is well pleased with
the outlook throughout the State, but is
hampered somewnat by lack of officers.
He refutes the statement that the Volun
teers are seeking to recruit tneir ranks
from the English organization. "But any
officers," says Mr. Gardner, "who sever
their connections honorably with the old
movement and seek admittance to the
new w.ll not be turned away, but will be
given a place immediately, as our need is
very great."
A post was successfully opened in Stock
ton on Thursday last and the prospects
are said to be very encouraging. Many
other posts may be established on the
coast as soon as officers are secured.
SCHOOL DAYS ARE OVER
Interesting Closing Exercises of
the Classes of St. Pat
rick's School.
Those Who Received Meda's and Pre
miums—The Graduating Exercises
of St. Vincent's Academy.
The closing exercises of the St. Patrick's
School, held in St. Vincent Hall on Mis
sion street, .near Third, yesterday after
noon, was an event pleasant alike to the
parents and friends of the pupils, to the
pupils themselves and to the Sisters of
Charity, who are their teachers.
The hall, which was tastefully decorated
with garlands of evergreens and festoons
of red, white and blue, and had in the
center a large portrait of Washington rest
ing on American flags, was crowded to its
utmost.
The exercises commenced by the rendi
tion of the hymn "The Priceless Love of
Jesus." which was followed by an opening
address by Joseph O'Leary. A little fel
low, with a merry twinkLe in his eye, re
cited with good effect "The Sword of Bun
ker Hill." Then there was an exhibition
of calisthenics by the fourth-grade class, a
comic recitation, "Uncle Podger Hangs a
Picture," by Joseph Flannagan, a panto
mime to the music of the "Suwanee
River"; a concert recitation, "Liberty
Bell," by the elocution class, after which
the third grade told what they knew about
choosing professions.
Eight little boys debated "Should
Women Vote?" and the verdict was that
they should" not. Seventy large boys of
the lower grades gave a very amus
ing lecitation, and Frederick " Gorman
gave a recitation, a humorous account of
the troubles of Mr. Brown who had his
hair cut. "Put Your Shoulder to the
Wheel," sun« by the fourth grade, was
followed by a rendering by Joseph Far
relly of Patrick Henry's famous speech,
"Give me liberty or give me death Six
teen boys of the military division of the
school, captained by Master Thomas Leach,
showed their excellence in military drill
ing. Then came musical selections, In
dian club swinging, address by Edward
Manning and the award of premiums and
medals, as follows:
Premiums— grade: Joseph Flanna
gan, Joseph O'Leary, Thomas McDermott,
Charles Quint), Joseph Norton, Frederick Cor
coran, Edward Smith, Joseph Zilgun, Thomas
Foley, Philip ' Walcott, John Kane, James
Helibn.
Sixth grade — Michael Moriarity, Edward
Manning, Thomas McKeon, Edward McCarthy,
Louis Cliiss, Charles Hamilton, Philip Devine,
Thomas Leach, Charles Harrison, Frederick
Lyons, William Nolan, John Carolan, Michael
Harran. Joseph Carrigan.
Fifth grade— Daniel Sullivan, Walter Strick
land, Thomas Grodden, John Donnegan, Rich
ard O'Neil, Jeremiah Regan, Joseph Nolan,
John McKeon, Peter Carroll, James Farrelly.
Fifth grade— James Mullen, Albert White
man, William ' Sloan, John Tehaney, John
Dougherty, John Heavy, Timothy Crowe,
George Dooley, Jonn Grimes. William McNa
nice. Louis Burns, Eugene White, Thomas Rug
giero, Edward Rock, Francis Connolly, James
Moriarity, William Regan, Joseph Mooney,
William Estelita.
Fourth grade— Daniel Ryan, Edward Fur
long, William Van Pelt, Robert Pratt, Clarence
Foster, Edward Ryan, Emmet O'Connor,
Walter Coughlan, James Coughlan, Harold
Lyons, James Briggs, Lester Jones, Francis
•Richards, William Cullen, Michael Gleason,
James Conolopue, Felix Murray, Charles Kav
anaugh, James Daley, Patrick O'Malley,
George Quinn, Thomas Fuller, Thomas White
man, George Cooney, Joseph Daley, Ernest
Stark, iimile Gibourelle, Cleveland Hughes,
George Hughes, George Boyle, John Augusto,
Frederick Miller, Charles McGlynn, Thomas
Burns, Daniel Ahem.
Joseph Flannagan of the seventh grade
was awarded a gold medal for excellence,
and Michael Moriarity of the sixth grade
a silver one. For the highest percentage on
the year's work a silver medal was award
ed to Peter Carroll, highest in examina
tion a silver medal to Daniel Sullivan of
the fifth grade. A gold medal was award
ed to Joseph Flannagan and a silver one to
Thomas Grodcien for Christian doctrine,
both donated by ' Rev. Father Power.
Thomas Leach was awarded a silver
medal for excellence in writing. •
The exercises closed with some excellent
advice to the boys by Rev. Father Gray.
Last Friday the closing exercises of the
girls' classes were held, when the follow
ing programme was carried out:
March, "The Popular Swing" (Skoorb), Misses
D. Burns. M. Fitzgerald, M. Laydoti, M. Shea,
E. Canning;, M. Regan, M. Sullivan. M. Logan;
I sacred chorus, "Intermezzo" -(Gillet), Misses
i N. liallinan, A. Sweeney, D. Burns, M. Shea,
M. Sullivan, A. Purviss, M. Laydoi:, E. Can
ning; salutatory, Miss R. Hussey; "Theerosen"
(Behr;, Misses M. Farrell, N. Abern, B. Fooley.
; M. Doyle, M. McCormlck, M. White, A Mar
' shall, N. Sheehy; vocal. solo, "Hearest Thou' 1
! (Mattel), Miss K. Lugagne; exercise with mu
| sic accompaniment; essay, "A Path to Happi
ness,"-Miss M. Pattenaude; address to his
i Grace, Miss N. O'Malley; welcome chorus,
1 I,- Mardi Gras" (Schubert), Misses M. Patte
naude, J. Murta, K. Lugagne. K. Cant well, M.
| Kindergan, M. Augnsto, N. Hullinan, L. Dan
i neker; "Beautiful 1 Gates Ajar," pantomime,
i elocution class; son?, Miss A. Turner; "Les
j Sylphs,"' duo (Wilson), Miss Geort»iam;ana Mi«s
I L. Danneker:. essay. "The Crown of Poetry"
: (Miss G. Dixon), read by Miss M. Callaghan ;
I vocal solo, 'Winter Lullaby" (De Koven), Miss
Mary Augusto; recitation. "Grandma's Min
i net," juveniles; song, "Only a Dream." Misses
M. Coleman, M. Augusto, M. Ryan, M. Patte
! nnude 'G. Dixon ; recitation, "The Mystic,"
i elocution class; "Spatz am Dach" (Wagner),
I Misses N. Halllnan. A. Sweeney, K. Lugagne,
M. Flood, S. Scott, L. Danneker, M. I'arunauue;
essay, "Passing Away," Miss M. O'Malley;
•recitation, "The Heavenly Guest,": Miss G.
Pixon; chorus, "Fairy Bowers" (Glover).
• Then followed the distribution of school
honors, premiums and diplomas, and the
valedictory by : Miss G. Dixon. The grad
uates were Miss N. O'Malley and Miss* N.
Pattenaude.
The school will reopen on the last Mon
day in July.
. « » »
Idle Men Boisterous.
There was a small disturbance yesterday
morning in the employment department of
the State Labor Bureau. A number of unruly
fellows more or less under the influence of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1896.
liquor entered the yard provided for the accom
modation of men waitine for situations. They
became so boisterous that Deputy Dam sent for
the police. By the time the latter arrived nil
was quiet What started tbe fellows in their
disturbance was not apparent unless it was the
liquor they had consumed.
ON LOVE AND DOOM
Pastors Listen to Papers on Widely
Differing Subjects.
Rev. J. B. Knight read a blank-verse
poem before the Baptist Ministers' Confer
ence yesterday, entitfed "An Infidel's Re
flections on the Opening Scenes of the
Judgment Day." The poem depicted a
dialogue between an infidel and a Chris
tian, and finally showed how despair
seized the infidel when he found that the
judgment had really come.
Rev. M. P. Boynton thought the poem
depicted the last day in too dark colors,
but he admired the literary merits of the
poem. Several of the other pastors in dis
cussinc the poem said it was the most re
markable piece of literary work that had
ever been read before the Baptist Preach
ers' conference.
Christian Pastors.
The Christian pastors met yesterday
afternoon in the Y. M. C. A. building, and
appointed Professor Elston of Berkeley
temporary chairman. Officers will be
elected on the last Monday in the month.
Rev. Edwards Davis of Oakland ad
dressed tne meeting on the divine com
mand to love one another. He pointed
out that "Love ye one another" is an ideal
command, difficult of fulfillment as long
as man is mortal, and he gave as bis opin
ion that the way to make the command
easy of fulfillment is for men and women
to strive to become lovable.
In the discussion Rev. H. V. Morgan of
Alanieda said: "I believe when man
reaches the truest state there will be much
of the feminine nature of true lovableness
about him." Dr. Gardener said true
Christian love takes the form of help and
assistance: "If we are actuated by this
principle of love we shall go down into
the slums of the City and help the people
there."
Presbyterian Pastors.
Rev. J. Cummin'g Smith read a paper
before the Presbyterian Ministerial Union
yesterday on Dr. George A. Gordon's book,
''The Christian of To-day." He took ex
ception to a few of the Boston divine's
views, but spoke of him as a tine idealist.
Congregational Clnti.
The Congregational Missionary Club de
voted its time yesterday to listening to
and discussing a paper by Rev. G. T. Mc-
Collum of San Lorenzo on "Some Homo
letic Values of the Visions of Zachariah."
The speaker said all the books of the Bible
were written for some specific purpose in
some special stage of history and to be
understood should be studied in that light.
REVERSED THE DECISION
The Supreme Court Renews the
Injunction in the Paahua
Case.
Nevada Bank Will Not Vote Rudolph
Spreckels' Stock at the Next
Election.
Tbe Supreme Court yesterHay overruled
the action of the Superior Court in the
case oi Rudolph Spreckels against the Ne
vada Bank. The decision does not materi
ally affect the merit* of the i ise, however,
merely preventing the voting of a block of
stock at the coming election of ollicers of
the I'aahua Plantation Company of Ha
waii. The history of the case as submit
ted to the Supreme Court is that the
trouble started with the purchase of $700,
-000 worth of Hawaiian bonds by C. A.
Spreckels from Claus Sprecicels, C. A.
Spreckels pledging collateral securities to
secure payment. Rudolph Spreckels
pledged 5000 shares ot Paahuu Plantation
Company bonds, valued at $1000 per share,
under an agreement with Claus Spreckels
tiiat the stock shouid not be transferred
out of the owner's name on the books of
the company until after the maturity of
the debt.
Claus Spreckels transferred the securi
ties to the Nevada fiank when one-half of
the debt was paid and one-half of the se
curities return cd. it is claimed that the
securities retained are of greater value
than the amount oi the remaining debt.
The bank threatened to return the secur
ities to Hawaii to be transferred from the
owner's name, that the stock nii^ht be
voted at the next election of I'aahua
Company officers, when Rudolph Spreck
els enjoined them from so aoiiiEr. The
Superior Court dissolved the injunction
and the case was appealed to the buprema
Court, which has reversed that decision,
so the injunction is again in force.
FOR THE FOURTH.
The Japanese and School Children to
J'art icipate in the Parade.
The several sub-committees of the
Fourth of July executive committee are
laboring zealously to insure a creditable
celebration of our National independence.
This evening the merchants and busi
ness men will meet the decoration com
mittee :n: n the assembly-room of the Mills
building to consider the feasibility of the
adoption of the plan for a grand electrical
illumination of the public streets.
A novei feature of the parade this year
will be the appearance in line of the iap
anese {Patriotic Club. The members will
wear their national uniform and be armed
with muskets. Two floats will be dis
played by the Ladies of the Grand Army of
the Republic, Gettysburg Circle.
An erroneous impression got abroad
that no floats reminiscent of the late Civil
War would be permitted in the parade.
This idea is entirely without foundation
and the various posts of the Grand Army
of the Republic will be so advised by
Secretary Smith.
At ye.-terday's session of the decoration
committee the secretary was directed to
notify the decorators to be present at the
meeting of the busin- sa men to beheld to
night in the assembly- room and to be pre
pared to submit their respective plans and
estimates of cost. An appropriation of
$2500 will be asked from the executive
committee.
Grand Marshal Umbsen yesterday con
sulted with a number of the teachers con
cerning the display of floats to be made
by the public schools. Historical inci
dents dating from the lauding of Co
lumbus will be designed and submitted by
all schools desiring to compete for the
prizes offered by the committee.
PRESBYTERY MEETS.
Both the French and the Italian Work
Will Be Continued.
At the meeting of tne San Francisco
Presbytery yesteiday afternoon Judj,'e
Thornton offered the formal call to Rev.
S.J.Kennedy to St. John's Presbyterian
Church At the suggestion of Rev. J. C.
Smith the call was accepted. It was
signed by J. S. Thornton, E. W. Newhall
and Rev. F. R. Farrand, moderator of
presbytery. The pastor's salary will be
$1500 per annum, but the young people
will add several hundred dollars a year
more in the shape of rent.
The French and Italian work of the
presbytery was discussed, and it was re
solved to continue both, John Russell
being superintendent of the Italian work
and Rev. Eugene Duprey of the French
work. It was announced that the new
Howard Presbyterian Churcn will be
dedicated on the 2d of August.
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris. 15 Urun. avenue.
ABE IN FAVOR OF
THE DOLLAR LIMIT
Report of the Finance Com
mittee of the Super
visors.
WANT A LOW TAX LEVY
Condition of Trade and the
Wishes of the Public Given
as a Reason.
CITY FATHERS ARE ON RECORD
The Health and Police Committee
i Strongly Condemns the City
Prison Sanitation.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors put itself on record yesterday
at the meeting of the board in favor of a
lower tax levy than that of the year 1895-6,
and while not saying it in so many words
intimated that the public was much better
satisfied under the old dollar limit and
that while the levy mignt not be confined
to the dollar op the hundred it should be
kept close to that figure.
The committee asks oniy that the pub
lic organizations, large and small, lend
them moral support and pledces a levy
that will be satisfactory to the public.
The report of the committee is as follows:
In the matter of the tax levy for the fiscal
year 1896-7 It appears from the present condi
tions ttiat the taxpayers deprecate and dread
the Imposition of an onerous tax rate, believ
ing that it an excessive rate was imposed it
would he a grievous burden and disastrous in
its effects at this juncture, when business and
business prospects are far from alluring.
The decadence in value caused by a decrease
in rentals and the many unoccupied buildings
and portions of buildings in various portions
of our City demand as light burdens in a tax
rate as can be imposed. In addition to the
tax rate street improvements are to be met by
property-owners and all the expenditures
which have to be provided for necessary to the
maintenance of business and the repair and
improvement of premises to keep p«ce with
growing wants in the endeavor to realize some
return on investments.
Your committee cannot shui its eyes to the
signs of the times and the present needs of our
citizens, the most important of which is the
tax rate, and for relief from an excessive rate
they look to the members of this board.
In the imposition of a levy of 1.56% in addi
tion to the State levy of (i^'i cents on each
$100, making a total of $2 "-J5 for the fiscal
year of 1805-96, our citizens were appalled
aid have not yet recovered, but now simply
dread any such tax rate being imposed under
present conditions.
While it is true that the last Legislature
aided greatly to maintain the levy, yet the
Supreme Court in its decisions has substan
tially decided that it is the duty of the Hoard
oi >iir>ervisors to levy a sullic'ient amount to
provide for and pay all liabilities that may
occur and which in'ihe exercise of a wise dis
cretion is simply a matter of impossibility to
provide '.or, yet in order to avoid and hold "the
city harmless from paving pa.>t claims, such is
the dictum ot the court and therefore the law,
because it is the construction placed on the
constitutional provision which inhibits ex
penditures in excess of the revenue.
The dollar-limit pledge of conventions was a
boon to the taxpayers and was such a pledge
as protected all the material interest*: and
Checked to some extent extravagant expendi
tures. All went well and for years this pledge
was recognized and steadily "adhered to, but
by the extravagant expenditures of depart
ments having independent powers and sutisc
(juent decisions of the Supreme Court larger
amounts than were appropriated were paid
out of the treasury and legimate demands
were practically declared illegal, thus causing
an indebtedness which the court decides can
never be paid out of the treasury. In addition
the court decides it to be your duty to provide
sufficient funds to meet all liabilities. The
custom heretofore pursued in making
the levy was for your honorable
board to make reasonable estimates
of what proper expenditures should
be made for the various municipal purposes,
and in making such estimates the dollar-limit
pledge was kept in view, so that the total levy
would not exceed that pledge.
At the close of the fiscal year certain in
debtedness in excess of revenue often oc
curred, but it was never contemplated that
this indebtedness should be repudiated, but
by common consent was paid and the govern
ment went without violating its tax pledge.
It now appears from the position heretofore
assumed by officers of the City and the conse
quent decisions of the Supreme Court that un
un sufficient revenue is provided in any one
year no expenditure of that year in excess of
the revenue can be paid and that the tax levy
must not be increased beyond any reasonable
requirements to meet expenditures that could
not be estimated, or provided for.
Your committee feels that your honorable
board is placed in a false position; in other
words, after using Jour best judgment in
estimating and providing for reasonable ex
penditures the onus and liability is imposed
on the board if for any cause the revenue pro
vided is uot sufficient to meet the expendi
tures, and while such a conclusion is unjust,
yet the Supreme Court holdß this to be the
law, and this board, unless indemnified
against liability, must, against the best judg
ment of the members, impose a tax rate
which as individuals they cannot indorse.
Your Finance Committee feels and so ex
presses its views, believing that all the mem
bers of your honorable board will indorse such
action as will insure a low and yet sufficient
tax rate for the ordinary expenses of the gov
ernment; that if representative bodies of our
fellow-citizens will indorse such a proposition
and will pledge their support in case of ex
penditures by ind'pendent departments in
excess of appropriations, that said bodies will
aid in absolving this board from any liability
in case of such expenditures creating a de
ficiency, that there will be no question that
your board will cheerfully respond In making
appropriations that will impose only such a
levy as will be indorsed by our citizens.
Your committee, in order that the feeling of
trepidation and unrest in the minds of our
citizens may De allayed, will on receiving tne
Auditor's estimates this month proceed at
once to revise and make estimates that the
amount of the tax levy may be determined,
and such rate be levied on the third Monday
in September next as is required by law, so
that the different departments may be advised
of the appropriation to be made for the fiscal
year, and govern themselves accordingly. ,
In individual interviews the Supervisors,
with the exception of the Snpervisor from
the Third, expressed themselves as thor
oughly in favor of a lower rate, and agreed
that the Dig appropriations asked by "some
of the departments must be pruned down.
The Health and Police Committee re
ported to the board that it bad made an in
spection of the City Prison and had found
it in a very bad sairnary condition. It
was spoken of as remarkblethat in a build
ing that had cost the taxpayers so much
money such a state of affairs could exUt.
Numerous improvements were advised.
The ordinance placing the power of giv
ing permits for boxing contests in the
hands of the board instead of those of the
Mayor was finally passed.
The matter of selecting an architect for
the new municipal building was put over
for one week, as was the matter of select
ing a site for the Pesthouse.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Report of the Work Con-
sidered by the Board.
The following is a full detailed sum
mary of the street work now under consid
eration by the Board of Supervisors:
ACCKPTAXCKS.
Market, Sanchez to Noe— Bitumen.
Market, Noe to I'aniro— Bitumen,
seventeenth, Castro to Diamond— B'tumen.
Seventeenth. Diamond u> Douglass— Bitumen.
Seventeenth and Diamond croßslns— Bitumen.
Fillmore and Hermiinn crossing— Basalt.
Market and Sanchez cross! na— Bitumen.
FCIX ACCKPTANCKS.
Folsom, Ninth to Tenth— Baaalt.
Masonic, Waller to Broderick— Basalt.
Masonic and Waller crossing— ukumen.
Folsom and Ninth crossing— Basalt.
Folsom and Eleventh crossing— Basalt.
Foisomand Twelfth crossing— Basalt.
. EXTENSIONS GRANTED. **,?>
77 south. Fifteenth avenue to Nineteenth south-
Grading. 90 days. .
Van Ness, Union to Bay— Favinir, etc.; 60 days.
Thirteenth, Castro to Scott— Pavln?, 60 days.
Alameda, Potreio to York— Grading, 60 days.
Folsom, Sixth to Nineteenth— Repairing, 30
days.
N south, Railroad avenue to Sixth avenue-
Grading, 12 months. . '
Br.tn nan, Ninth to New Channel— Paving, etc,
30 days.
AWARD OF STREET. WORK.
Twenty-fifth, San Bruno to Vermont— Grading
15 cents: J. M. Handl y. _
Twenty-fifth. Vermont to Kansas— Grading 3
cents; Warren & Mailey. ■■•■•■ /
Bay, Jones to Leaven worth— 16*4 cents,
curb 75 cents; City Street Improvement Company.
Central and Pacific avenues, crossings— Bitumen
18 cents: Pacific Paving Company.
Eighteenth and Diamond, crossing— Bitumen 18
cents, four corners each *31; Pacific Paving Com
pany.
Eighteenth and Colllnewood, crossing— Bitumen
18 cents, each corner $31; Pacific Paving Com
pany. ••',..
Fulton, Baker to Bitumen 18 cents, curb
40 cents; Jefferson Martenet.
Seventeenth and Sanchez, crossing— Paving 18
cents; Pacific Paving Company.
Taylor, Green to I nion— Cobbles 9% cents, curb
78 cents: Pacific Paving Company. . i
Twenty- and Lilac .avenue— Bitumen 18 .
cents, curb 60 cents; City Street Improvement
Company. _
Twenty-fifth and Cypress avenue— Bitumen 18
cents, curb 60 cents: City Improvement Com
6>jgh and Clay crossing— Sewer 70 and 85
cents, water inlet $59. manhole $35; John Dolan.
Gough, Sacramento to Clay— Sewer 69 cents,
manhole $30: John Dolan.
Gou.i;h, Washington to Clay— Sewer 65 cents,
manhole $30: John Dolan.
Central avenue and Jackson— Bitumen 19 cents,
10-Inch sewer 60 cents, manholes $27, corners
$73, stone sidewalks 46 cents; City Street Im
provement Company. .„,
Amazon avenue. Mission to Grading 9%
cents, roadway (macadam) 8 cents, sidewalks 3
cents, curbs 16 cents : John Kelso.
I'.razil avenue. Mission to Paris— Grading 20
cents, roadway 5 cents, sidewalks "Viz cents, curbs
14 cents: J. A. Hyla d.
Persia avenue. Mission to Paris— Grading 20
cents, roadway 5 cents, sidewalks 2y 3 cents, curbs
14 cents; J. A. Hughes.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Haight and Cole— Stone sidewalks, cesspools, etc.
Cortland, Mission to Andover— Plank sidewalks.
Church, Market to Fiiteeiuh— Plank sidewalks.
Devisadero, Waller to Thirteenth— Stone side
walks. .
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Bitumen.
Army, Church to Sanchez— Plank sidewalks.
Geary, Polk to Van Ness— Stone sidewalks.
Julian avenue, Fifteenth to Sixteenth—Twelve
inch sewer.
Sanchez, Twenty-ninth to Army— Plank side
walks.
Douglass, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Plank
sidewalks. ,
Twenty-tnird, Castro to Douglass— Plank side
wlks.
Elizabeth, Castro to Douglass— Plank sidewalks.
Hawthorne, Howard to Folsom— Stone sidewalks.
Pine, Dupont to Stockton— Stone sidewalks.
Jessie, 'third to J-ourth— - tone sidewalks.
Minna, First to Second— Stone sidewalks.
• Howard, second to I'hir.l— stone sidewalks.
: First, Mission to Howard— Stone sidewalks.
Bernice and Thirteen. h— Stone sidewalks.
Hali: ln, Clayton to Cole— Eight-inch sewer.
lialgbt, A anbury to Masonic— Ten-inch sewer.
Lombard, Webster to Fillmore— Bitumen.
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING STREET WORK.
| M south, Ninth to Tenth avenue south— Grading,
etc. . ii.:;• ;."-.-.
Central avenue, H»lght to Waller—Fourteen
inch sewer.
ASSESSMENTS BIGNED BY THE MAYOR.
South Broderick and Fourteenth, Intersection— .
Macadam, etc.
Thirteenth, south of Noe— Bitumen.
Scott. Hayes to Grove — Sewer.
Olive avenue, Octavia to Laguna— Sidewalks.
Fifteenth avenue south, M. to L; street south—
Sewer, i
Clay, Maple to Spruee — Sidewalks,
Henry, Castro, 320 feet westerly— Sewer.
Sixteenth, Church to Sanchez— Paving.
Turk, Cough to Laeuna— Pavlnir.
Seventeenth, Kansas to Vermont— Sewer.
M street south, J-.iirhlh to Ninth avenue south-
Grading. |
Bay and Larkin, crossing— Sewer.
Webster, Oak to Page— Paving.
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— Paving.
Folsom, Eighteenth to Seventeenth— Paving.
Fell. Clayton to stanyan, south half— Paving.
Laurel, California to Micramento— Paving.
ASSESSMENTS AWAITING THE MAYOR'S SIGNA
TURE.
fifteenth avenue, M to Railroad avenue— Sewer.
BIDS BKJECTED.
■ Fifteenth, Castro to westerly termination—Grad
ing.
Vailejo, Fillmore to Webster— Paving, etc.
CONTRACTS REPEALED AND WORK STOPPED.
Chestnut, Larkin to Polk— Grading.
Point Lobos, Fourth to Fifth avenue—
water inlets. ..
APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT.
Laurel, Sacramento to Clay — Plank sidewalks;
! Williams, Belser & Co. to be heard June 'ii at 3
iP. M. r,./-,x. - • ■ ■. ,
PROTEST TO BE HEARD. ...
i Cole, Haiglil to — 'tone sidewalks.
i Clayton. Haircut to Waller— Stone sidewalks; to
| be heard June 22 at 3 p. m.
PROPORTIONAL ASSESSMENT.
Van Ness, Union to Bay— Paving, etc.; Superin
j tendent of Streets directed to make.
! SUPERINTENDENT OF STREETS TO MARK CON
TRACT.
Gough and Lily avenue— Ten-inch sewer, at cost
not to exceed $70.
GRADING ESTIMATE.
Railroad avenue, Twenty-fourth to Thirtieth
avenue south— City Engineer to make estimate of
; work. '•,•<.'•
! DIRECTIONS TO SUPERINTENDENT OF. STREETS.
Stelner, Turk to Eddy— To cause property-own
ers to lay sidewalks.
To enforce order 2146— Prescribing general rules
1 and specifications for materials, etc., In street
i work. ■•• J V
SIDEWALK REDUCTION'S.
Thirteenth, Howard to Harrison— Kednced in
width three feet and established at ten feet; re
j erred to Street Committee.
Pore. Harrison to Bryant— Established at ten
: feet. |
LOWEST BIDS.
Hnight, Shrader and Stanyau— Sewer, 80 cents:
! Manhole. $30: J. M. Handley. . \
j Xoe and Fifteenth, ' crossing— Bitumen, 17Va
i cents: Pacific Paving Company and City Street,
Improvement Company. rr :•.;.' .
Point l.obos ana Seven h avenues, northeast cor-
Water inlet K sß7; D. O'Connor.
Point Lobcj and Eleventh avenues, northeast
I corner— Water inlet, $62 50: John Dolan.
Point Loboi and Twelfth- avenues, northeast
corner— Water inlet, $65;. John Dolan. ,
Ninth avenue, Clement to Point Lobos—
59 cents; manhole, $30. City Street Improve
-1 ment Company.
I -Point Lobos and Ninth avenue, northeast corner
! — Wate- 1n1e..»59 90; John Dolan.
Fifth avenue and A, southwest corner— Cesspool,
| $81 50; John Dolan.
Fifth avenue and 1., southwest corner— Cesspool,
I sidewalks, etc.. $50; Warren <fe Mailey. , •
Filth avenue and c, southwest corner— Cesspool,
: sidewalks, etc, bids rejected unopened owing to
[ • erroY.
Union and Bteiner, northwest, northeast and
southwest corners— Sidewalks, $30; Union Paving
and Contracting Company. ..
Union and Pierce, southeast corner— Sidewalks,
$30; Union Paving and Contracting Company.
Utah and Seventeenth— .-ewer, 90 cents; corner,
each, $30; manhole, each, $30. S. L. Lent.
Utah. Seventeenth to Mariposa— Sewer, 59 cents;
manhole, each. $30. City Street Improvement
i Company. '
Broderick, Jefferson to Tonquin— 40:
roadway, 8: si.ewalks. 85; curb, 15. Warren &
Mailey.
Fell, Scott to Devisadero— 14 cents:
I Charles A. Carillon. .
Vailejo, Wet;s:er to ore— Sewer, etc.: bids
| rejected unopened. . ■".
Webster, Fell to Oak— Bitumen, bids : rejected.
. Flllmore and Fell, crossing— Bitumen, 18 cents;
City Street Improvnmem Company.
BIDS TO BK OPENED Jl'N I 22.
Thirteenth avenue south, L to M street south —
Grade, sewer, macadam, plank sidewalks, etc.
Eddy, Van Ness avenue to Franklin— Bitumen.
• Eddy. Devisadero to Broderick— Basalt.
Fifteenth, Guerrero .o Dolores— Bitumen.
Market, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen. .
Market, Valencia to Church— Bitumen.
Market and Church, crossing— Bitumen.
Duncan, Church to Sanchez— Plank sidewalks./
McAllister, north side, 381% feet westerly from
Parker avenue— Sidewalks.
Union, south side, for 82y 3 feet westerly from
| Taylor — Sidewalks.
I'rescott, southerly from Valiejo— sewer, etc
B street. Sixth to Seventh avenue— Grade.
Berry, Sixth to Seventh— Basalt. "v
Flith avenue, Point Lobos to A street— Bitumen.
• Fifth avenue, A to B Bitumen. •
Fifth avenue, B to C street— Bitumen. .
Fifth avenue, C to D street — iJitumen.
Goagh, Filbert to Greenwich— Bitumen. >-w.*,>
Devisadero, east ' side, Jackson to Pacific av
enue—Sidewalks. :' ■•'.'"
Devisadero and Jackson, northeast corner—Side
walks, f
Fifth and Harrison, south corner— Sidewalk.
Twenty-second and Chattanooga, four corners-
Sidewalks. . . .
PROTESTS . REFERRED TO • STREET COMMITTEE.
; Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— l'roperty-owners
ag lust assessment district for grading.
stanyan. Hayes to Fell— Property-owners against
12-luch sewer.
Stanyan and Fell— Paving.
'!■ Fell and Flllmore— Property-owners against
paving. .
. Twenty-second, Dolores to Fair Oaks— Stone
sidewalks.
Union, Scott to Devisadero— Property-owners,
stone sMewalks. • •
. Octavia, Jackson to Pacific— Stone sidewalk.
Scott, Thirteenth to Waller— Property-owners,
paving. : '..' , ■ .
Webster, Sutter to Post— Stone sidewalks. »
Elizabeth, Castro to Diamond"— -owners,
against sidewalks. ■. ; ' , ■ :
Geary, Dear Buchanan — Stone sidewalk.
Lombard ■ and Scott— Property-owners, against
paving. ■;.
Lombard and Devisadero — Property-owners,
acainst paving. / :'■'•' . . -
■ i ombard, Scott to Devisadero— Property-owners,
against paving. . •
Lombard, Devisadero to Broderick—Property
owners, against paving.
PETITIONS : REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
V 1, Twelfth and Thirteenth avenue— Grading. '
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Thirteenth avenue and I, crossing— Grading.
Washington and Cherry, sewer, etc.— James Ho-
Kan requesting that it be examined.
Twenty-second and Chattanooga, crossing— -
: Property-owners, paving and stone sidewalks. •
Church. .Eighteenth to Nineteenth— From Con
gregation Kmanu-El and Eureka Benevolent Asso
ciation to rescind order of. May 4 ordering work.
Market- and Sixteenth— Daniel Kelleher, for re
lease from contract for sewers.
■ Sacramento, Walnut to Laurel— G. M. Perlne,
for permission to nave by private contract.
Chattanooga, Twenty-fonrlh to Jersey— Stone
sidewalks. -
Eighteenth, Dolores to Sanchez — Asking for con
eratlon of raising grade before paving.
Lombard, Van Ness to Oak— Property-owners to
grade. ,
Thirteenth, Howard to Shotwell—Property-own
ers requesting that sewer work be deferred.
Mission,' Pope to Property-owners for
sewer. .
Pine, firoderick to Baker— M. Perine for pay-
InK by private contract.
Col II ml wood, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— City
Street Improvement Company to pave by private
contract.
BrodericK, Lombard to Tonquln— Property -own
ers for three electric li.-hts.
Ivy avenue and Octavla— Flinn <& Treacy for con
tract to construct twelve-Inch sewer.
COMMUNICATION FILED.
Market and Sacramento— Western Union Tele
graph Company will build manhole.
East, .Market to Sacramento— Conduit.
APPEAL REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
SaDchez. Seventeenth to Eighteenth— E. Dusne
from assessment for paving, etc.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Harrison to Bryant, in block 328, that no street
existed, from W. H. Martin and John Ballard.
Ash avenue,' Webster . to Flllmore— Property
owners asking it be closed.
FULL ACCEPTANCES RECOMMENDED . BY SUPER
INTENDENT OF STREETS. '•■;'•..■>'
Grove, Flllmore to Steiner— Kasalt.
Jones, Green to Union— cobbles.
Sixteenth, Church to Sanchez — Bitumen. ,
Van Ness, Green to Union— Bitumen. ,
GRADES RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF HTRKKTS.
Chapultepec. Coso to Virginia— That grades be
established.
BIDS TO BE BEADVKRTIBED.
California. Walnut to Central avenue—Twelve
inch sewer, on recommendation of Superintendent
of Streets. ■ ' ". ,
RESOLUTION ORDERING WORK RECOMMENDED
BY SUPERINTENDENT OF STREETS.
Guerrero, Twenty-seventh 10 Army— Plank side
walks.
EXTENSIONS RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTEND- \
ENT OF STREETS.
Broderick. Lombard to Chestnut— Grading, 90
days.
Brodericn and Chestnut crossing— Macadam,
etc., 60 days. ,
Webster, Francisco to Bay— Macadem, etc., 60
days.
Webster and Bay crossing— Macadam, etc., 60
days.
Broderick, Post to Geary— Paving, etc, 60 days.
Dore, Harrison to Bryant— Paving, etc., 60 days.
P south, Fourteenth to Fifteenth avenue—Grad
ing, etc.. 30 days.
' P south and Fourteenth avenue south—
ing, etc., 30 days.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED BY SUPERIN
TENDENT OF STREETS.
Capito 1 . Sagamore to !-adowa— Grading, etc '■»
Capitol ana sadowa crossing— Grading, etc.
Capitol, sadowa to Grading, etc.
Badowa, Capitol to Plymouth— Gradine, etc.
Sagamore, Plymouth to Capitol— Grading, etc.
Sagamore and Capitol crossing— Grading, etc.
Prospect and Esmeralda crossing— Grading, 12,
10 and 8 inch sewer, etc. •
Prospect, Virginia to Esmeralda— Grading, etc.:
12-lnotl pipe sewer.
Prospect, Virginia to Heyman— Grading, etc.;
10-incu sewer.
Prospect and Heyman, crossing— Grading, 14, Vi
and l'J inch sewers, etc.
Prospect. Eugenia to Heyman— Grading, etc.,
l'-'-inch sewer, etc.
Eugenia and Prospect avenues— Grading, etc.,
12 and 10 incn sewers, etc., granite curbs.
Prospect, Eugenia 10 Lizzie— G radiug, etc., 8-
Inch sewer.
I'rosucc. and Lizzie avenues, crossing — Grad
ing, etc, 8-Inch sewer. . -
Prospect, Lizzie to' Cortland— Grading, etc,
8-1 nch sewer, etc.
Waller, Masonic to De Long— lo-Inch sewer.
Elizabeth, iSoe to Castro, south side — Stone side
walks.
Klizabetb, Noe to Sanchez— Stone sidewalks- -
Twenty-first. Dolores to Church— Stone side
walks. v . '. f ■
Twenty-second. Church to Chattanooga— Plank
sid wa'.KS.
Church, Twenty-first to Twenty-second— Plank
sidewalks.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM CITY ENGINEER.
Referred to Street Committee:
Lyon-street sewer outlet— be built at cost of
$18,500.
San Jose avenue, Ocean avenue to Sunny side-
Description matting avenue 66 feet wide.
First avenue, Lake to Presidio reservation—Re
commending uistiict b- assessed for changes in
grades.
NOTICES OF STREET WOUK.
Lombard, Van Ness \ avenue to Franklin—Bi
tumen.
Lombard and Franklin, crossing— Bitumen.
Lombard, Franklin to Uouifh — Bitumen.
Lombard and Hough — Bitumen.
Lombard, Gough to Broderick— Bitumen.
Lombard and Laguna— Cesspools, stone covers,
etc. '
Lombard and Buchanan— Cesspools, stone cov
ers, etc.
Lombard and Webster— Cesspools, stone covers,
etc.
Twenty-first. Potrero avenue and Hampshire—
Eight-inch sewer.
Octavia, Jackson to Broadway— Stone sikewalks.
Octavla and Broadway— Stone sidewalk, south
east coriv r.
ieary, Buchanan to Webster— Stone sidewalks.
Geary. Laguna to Buchanan— Stone sidewalk.
Buchanan, Geary to Post— Stone sidewalks.
Webster, Sutter to Post— Stone sidewalks.
Union, Scott to Devlsadero— Stone sidewalks.
Eighteenth and Guerrero— Stone corner, south
east.
Sacramento and Baker— Stone corner, south
east.
Grove and Devlsadero— Stone corner, northwest.
. Stanyan. Hayes to Fell— Twelve-inch sewer.
Slanyan and Fell— Twelve Inch sewer, manhole,
granite curbs, stone sidewalks, corners, etc.
Stanyan and Fell, crossing— Bitumen.
Street Committee Report.
Thirteenth. H to I— Proposals for grading laid
over for one wee*.
Elizabeth. Diamond to Douglass — Protest of
property-owners favored on condition that plank
sidewalk 3 feet wide be laid by them.
PETITIONS FAVORED.
Hampshire, Twenty-fifth to Serpentine avenue—
To lay. plunk sidewalk.
Jackson, Davis to Front— Temporary plank side
walk.
Sansome, Broadway to Union— To erect tele
graph-poles.
• Nineteenth, Castro to Sanchez— Property-owners
to retain plank sidewalks.
Van Ness, Union to Gr>en— From Van Ness Im
provement Club for sldewarks.
Jones, Green to Lincoln— Plank sidewalk.
. , PROTESTS FAVORED.
Sixth avenue and A crossing— Property -owners
against sewer.
sixth avenue, Point Lobos to A—Property-own
ers agninst 8-lnch sewer.
Fillmore, Geary to O'Farrell— Sidewalk.
PROTESTS REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Cole ■ and , Waller, crossing— Property -owners
against paving.'
B street, sixth to Seventh avenue— Brown
against grading.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— PrODerty-owners
against assessment district for grading.
PLACED ON FILE.
Rom ft in, Corbett to Douglass— Protest of prop
erty-owners against grading. . %
Petition of San Francisco Association of Im
provement Clubs for abolition of ra. tier test.
Protest of non-partisan committee against ex
tension of Geary-street railway franchise.
Certificate of abandonment by the Metropolitan
Railway Company of portion of streets.
CAMERON AND THUR MAN.
The Former Told How He Would Save
the General.
Representative Brosius of Pennsylvania
has a good deal of veneration for the great
men who have shed luster on his State,
and he treasures the incidents and anec
dotes which illustrate their character.
Here is one which he tells on Simon Cam
eron.
General Cameron and his friend. Judge
Thurman, were enjoying together the twi
light hour, both in a contemplative mood.
After a period of silence Thurman said:
"General, don't you think both of us had
better be thintirg of St. Peter? You are
older than I, and I know you will die
first. Then you will go up to the gates of
heaven and be forcea to wander around
awhile till I come as your attorney. I
will, simply say to St. Pe"ter that you were
a fast friend, a stanch patriot, and gave
the best of your youth to the Democratic
party; that you became 'fishy,' that is.
Republican in faith, when possibly it
would have been well for a good many
more Democrats to have turned with you
But I will tell St. Peter that, though 'you
are a Republican now, you are a stanch
American and he had better let you in
for, if he don't you will raise Ned outside.'
Then, as an honest advocate, I will tell the
court that when you get in you will insist
upon having the appointment of all the of
ficers of Bt. Michael's army, and every one
there will be a Pennsylvan'ian or the son
of a Pennsylvanian.
This, of course, referred to Cameron's
well-known devotion to his friends and
his success in securing appointments for
them. At the close of this conversation
after another silence, Thurman said:
"Well, general, when we have both passed
the gat- s and are snugly settled in one
particular mansion, what will we sing?"
The General replied, as quick as a flash,
"Old Folks at Home.' --Washington Btar.
Under the German law adulterators are
punished with more severity than pick
pockets.
NEW TO-PAY.
JOHN E. MILLAR. THOS. B. SIMPSON.
SIMPSON & Mill \\\ l Searchers
flllfll WJ QC IVllliL lit, ofßeoords
Branch Office, NW. cor. McAllister and Larkin.
535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone 1932. San Francisco
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DUTARD 12 J- W. MCDONALD, Pres
C. R. STUN « W. E. DENNISON, Sec.
T. B. BISHOP 5-g COL. J. H. MENDELL.
J.W. McUONALD | C Corps of Engineers, U.S. A.
W.E. DENNISON 5 (Retired),
Consulting Exbiskkr.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, Cal.. All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
PITH Ml 1 ! MI VIA< Wharves, Jetties and
DlltfllM MnfcN. Seawalls.
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Before purchasing. Property which does not
have a perfect title Is a bad investment. ▲
policy of insurance In the
CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE
AP TRUST COMPACT ••-
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE,
And secures the purchaser against all lost
and damages incident to record defects. .■ ■ '_
The Company has a paid up cash capital of
$•250,000 and a cash reserve fund of $26,000.
Abstracts Made for the Use of Attorneys. *
MONEY LOANED on real estate at cup
rent rates.
This Company has the best abstract plMl
west of the Kocky Mountains.
OFFICE-MILLS BUiLDINQ.
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Timothy Hopkins, - J. S. Severance,
N. T. Smith.
A. C. Bassett President
J. H. Swift Vice-Pre»ident
F. C. Lewi.-* Secretary
PACIFIC P.™ COMPANY
(Incorporated 1887),
GENERAL STREET CONTRACTORS.
Santa Cruz and San Luis Obigpo Bitu-
minous Rock For Sale in Any Quantity.
OFFICE-Rooms 106 and 108 Phelan
Building. Telephone— Main 656.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Wort
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
. FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE--316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111. .
A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING,
: r :>j \;'. • MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE!
."Main 991.
STABLE, STEINKR AND WALLER ST&,
Telephone West 14.
WARREN &MALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. f AWR if'TARS!
Telephone, Main 1202. VVil lliilvl vh\
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna sts.
Telephone. West 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
CALIFORNIA
ONCRETE J<3..
OMPANY. >OT
Artificial Stone Pavements, Foundations,
Cellar Floors, Steps, Garden Walks and Orna-
mental Work. >
14 POST ST. Telephone Main 110.
GUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST., ROOM 9.
JOHN TUTTLE,
COMTTR.AOTOn,
Telephone West 583. 518 HaigHt St
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Paints. Varnishes," Nevada Compound, etc
33 SPEAK ST. Telephone 6320.
DAD BUILDING
ri Ot Pi PAPER. . .
BOLD' BY ALL DEALERS.
FIRE PROOFING 6^ D^o« ft E N T *s c a
.ROMAN.BRICK%f. D A £ T Vi! L
niilTIMIl DlllUn 1355-I3EO MARKET ST.
C. R. EAGER, E. P. GRAY
President. Secretary.
California
Construction
Company,
CONTRACTORS FOR
Street Work, Railroads, Teaming,
Macadam and Concrete Rock.
Granite Curbing. Cement, Gravel, Etc
■ Office— Seventeenth Street. Barns— 53* and
535 Seventeenth Street. I elephone Mission 188
President and Secretary's office— «s9 Market
Street, Room 12. Telephone Main 5780.
PACIFIC REFINING AND ROOFING CO.
153 CROCKER BUILDING.
Coal Tar, Asphalt, Roofing and Paving
Pitch, Roof Faints, Roofing Felt.
Felt, Pitch and Gravel Koofs as put on by us ar«
the standard roofs for business buildings in the
most progressive cities of the Kasiern states The
quality of our work is unexcelled anywhere.-^-
D % R COMPOSITION AND
r ' <I 0* GRAVEL ROOFING.
.--,-. Paraffine Paint Co., 116 Battery street.
PHILIP S. FAY,
Artificial Stonework, Bituminous Paving
Sidewalks. Driveways, Cellars, Etc.
v B i ■S A SOM1 5 ■ STRKKT." ROOM 2.
Yard-S. W. Corner Harrisou and Eighth SireeU.RIVAL FACTIONS
FOR SACRAMENTO
The Junta and Lambs Leave
on the Same
Train.
SCENES AT THE FERRY.
Followers of Daggett and McNab
Confident of Suc
cess.
IRCGUOIS' GRAND WHOOP UP.
Lcs Angeles Delegation Will Spring
the San Pedro and Santa Monica
Fight on the Convention.
Iroquois braves, Buckley lambs and the
followeis of the Daggett-McNab Junta
were massed at the ferry station at the
foot of Market street a few minutes before
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. These
Democratic politicians were bound for
Sacramento to attend the State Conven
tion of the party. Mixed in the throng
were delegates from Mendoeino, Santa
Clara, Santa Barbara, San Mateo and San
Luis Obispo counties.
Iroquois excursion tickets were in great
furor, but the supply wa3 fully equal to
the demand.
Braves had packages of tickets to dis
pose of at $3 35 for the round trip. Word
was given out that the Iroquois would
have a special car. Tickets enough were
sold to justify the make-up ot a special
train. Many of the party workers who
went to the ferry as spectators raised the
necessary coin to buy a ticket and went
away with their fellows rejoicing.
The sight of the "push" and "pull" of
the party in San Francisco interested the
delegates from the country. The latter
stood in groups apart from the line and
studied their brother Democrats, seeking
to detect by exterior signs the difference
between the Lambs and the Junta
In the send-off harmony prevailed. The
Iroquois crowd represented delegates from
i ten faction of the party, and all promised
!o make things hum in Sacramento.
Among the passengers leaving for Sacra
mento at 4 o'clock were A. S. Cooper and
N. C. Derm of Santa Barbara, Senator
Seawell, Alex. Duncan, John Ruddick,
Samuel Rice and Jack \VeJdon of Mendo
»ino; C. Ivins, San Luis Obispo; Senator
Bizgy, Charles Gelden, Jack Man nix, John
Foiey, Dr. Bryan, Senator Fay, James
Nealon, M. J. Donovan, P. M. Wellin,
.'ere Lynch, Con SulJivan and Clitus Bar
hour. Thomas Chandler went along with
John Foley and Jack Mannix to attend to
brewery business in Sacramento.
Jere Lynch, president of the Hale<fc Nor
cross mine, arrived at the depot just in
time to get aboard the boat. He is a dele
gate and will denounce Buckley as he
points to the pyramids of Egypt.
Mr. Rankin of Santa Clara, whose dele
gation is in line /or the free coinage of sil
ver, barely caught the boat. Supplies se
cured in San Jose and deemed absolutely
necessary for a Democratic convention in
Sacramento did not arrive at the ap
pointed time. Just before the doors closed
the goods came, and the Santa Clara dele
gates were happy.
When the delegates of the rival factions
left the City for Sacramento the regular
Democrats, or Buckley men, were as eon-
Mentasever that some one other than
Frank Gould would be brought out for
enairman of the convention. They laid
izreat stress on the fact that the orators of
the regular Democracy — the speakers foT
a delegation pledged to the free coinage of
silver — would be on the floor of the con
vention by proxy of rural delegates, and
thus privileged to speak their sentiments
would make such eloquent appeals that
the convention would do justice to the
ileleeation. It is a sure thing that Orators
Clunie, Rothschild, Nealon, Donovan,
O'Brien and Piatt will meet in the arena
j-uch gifted statesmen as J. V. Coleman,
Jere Lynch, Gavin McNab, John Foley
and Jack Mannix.
Among the Lamb? the greatest indigna
tion was caused by the report that McNab
had issued badges to the Junta delegates
which would admit each holder of a
badge to the privilege of the voting floor.
It is true that the Buckley men have their
credentials as regular Democrats, but
documents of this kind, ever so potent at
the Occidental Club, are sure to be dis
counted by the convention gate-keepers
unless supplemented by a badge.
The Junta delegates were laughing yes
terday at the chagrin of the regulars. The
idea "that the Buckley delegates would be
allowed to participate in the proceedings
of the convention was regarded as ab
surd. As for silver they asserted that ail
the delegates were for free silver. "W T hy,
they have given up the fight," said one of
the Junta. "They are talliing about
Gould's defeat for chairman when there is
no opposing candidate."
Delegates from other counties of the
State are not inclined to take an active
part in the San Francisco quarrel. A. S.
Cooper of Santa Barbara expressed the
opinion that the delegates from his sec
tion of the State did not particularly fancy
Buckley since the boss decamped from
California some years ago.
The Los Angeles delegation is claimed
as supporters of the regulars in San Fran
cisco, as against the Junta. Word comes
from the south that this delegation in
tends to bring the Santa Monica and San
Pedro harbor improvement fight in the
State Convention. The Santa Barbara
and San Luis Obispo delegations fancy
that the fight is purely a local subject,
which should not be introduced in the
convention.
An anti-A. P. A. plank is sure to receive
the strongest indorsement of tne conven
tion, at least so says Mr. Cooper ot Santa
Barbara. He is also against woman suf
frage. "There is only one man for gold in
our delegation, and as I hold his proxy,
we will be solid for silver."
Mr. Rankin of Santa Clara wore as a
campaign button a bright twenty-cent sil
ver coin. The style seemed to catch the
popular fancy.
M'NEIL TO BE HELD
Judge Campbell Will IJecido To- Day
What the Charge Will
Be.
Frank McNeil, painter, charged with
assault to murder, had another inning
before Judge Campbell yesterday.
Mrs. O'Grady, in whose saloon on Mary
and JJatoma streets the assault took
place, and Minnie O'Grady, her daughter,
testified that Frank Rankin, the young
man assaulted, did not have a hatchet, as
testified to by McNeil, while Isabella
O'Grady, a younger daughter, testified
that she saw McNeil strike Rankin the
last blow with a hatchet.
The Judge said he did not believe the
true facts had been brought out, but that
a lot was being kept back. He saw be
tween the lines that love was the motive I
for the attack. They were quarreling
over Minnie O'Grady and Rankin got the
worst oi it.
"I don't think there is much use hold
ing McNeil," continued the Judge, "but
all the same I am going to do it." I had
him up once before for beating and an
noying a respectable woman and the jury
acquitted him. T threw the jury out of
the courtroom and told them I never
wanted to see them again. This man
McNeil is a hard character and I am not
going to take the responsibility of letting
him go. I fix his bail at $5000 and will de
termine the charge to-morrow. 1 '
— * — ♦ ♦ — • •'•
IN MEMORY OF DR. F. V. HOPKINS
Sketch of the Genius and Kindness of
the Physician.
Dr. Frederick V. Hopkins, the well
known physician, died in this City on the
26th of last month, after a brief illness.
He was a son of the late Bishop Hopkins
of the Protestant Episcopal church in the
diocese of Vermont, and he was the
brother of the late Rev. John Henry Hop
kins, D.D., the well-known writer on
theological subjects.
Dr. Hopkins was the youngest member
in Bishop Hopkins' family of thirteen
chiTdren, and in common with them he
inherited the characteristic lifts and tal
ents of that remarkable family. Engag
ing in the study of medicine in early life,
ne devoted his later days to scientific re
search in the lines of his chosen peofes
sion, and especially in microscopical in
vestigations.
"While his skill as a practitioner was
recognized by the medical faculty gener
ally, it is as a specialist in bacteriology
and the application of the microscope in
pathological investigations that he wi.l
Hereafter be best known; and, indeed, sev
eral of his investigations have already
received the recognition of originality
from other scientists. To a les9 diffident
and retiring man some of his discoveries
would have brought in his lifetime a more
substantial return than the tardy honors
that are too often bestowed on genius in
obituary or epitaph.
About eigiit years ago he passed throngh
a serious illness, which came at the age
w.ien financial reverses and the loss of
strengtli together render the uncertain
game of life a continuous struggle. He
seemed after it no longer able to nold his
own against unfavorable circumstances,
ur to undertake some forms of work that
might offer the opportunity of regaining
the former conditions of affairs when the
days were prosperous and things went
smoothly with him and those depending
on him.
Hut neither ill fortune nor the lack of
physical energy at any time interfered
with his charity toward suffering human
ity and the love for his work. In days of
discouragement, as in the time of success,
he gave his services with cheerfulness,
and the deserving sick and needy did not
ask help of him in vain.
Many will remember his attentions and
kindness in the slck room, and none more
than those whose circumstances offered no
return for time and labors given but pray
ers and tearful thanks.
The erateml remembrance of these are
his best obituary; the love for fallen man
exhibited in such deeds, bis best epitaph.
I >r. Hopkins leaves a widow and five chil
dren ; two children grown, a boy of 15 and
one of eight, and a little girl of 13 years.
HIS LITTLE ALLOWANCE.
Randolph Simpson Will Have to
Worry Along on $70
a Month.
Judge Seawell Says That Men Wbo
Cannot Support a Family Should
Wot Marry.
Judee Seawell yesterday decided that if
Randolph Simpson and wife could not get
along on $70 a month, Randolph would
have to get a move on and earn more than
$45 during that period of time. As the
matter now stands, the young man is in
receipt of $35 a month from his mother
and $45 every thirty days as a reward for
labor performed.
At the death of Dr. James Simpson, an
estate was left in trust in the hands of
James AY. Kerr, for Mrs. Ada Sinii>M-!i,
she, out of the proceeds, to support her
son, Randolph Simpson, and to educate
! him. The latter provision has been
j carried out anii in obedience to tne former
! $35 a month was allowed the young man.
! As Randolph's tastes are expensive he has
! found this amount far too email to meet
his requirements. To make matters worse,
■ i-Candolpn, a short time ago, took unto
himself a wife; this too, without the
I knowledge or consent of his mother.
Even with the added responsibility on
i his shoulders the son was refused a raise
j in his allowance by his remaining parent,
I so he brought suit to compel an increase!
Judge Seawell, however, declined to aid
the young benedick. He took into consid
! eration the terms of the trust, which pro-
I vide for an increase in allowance only in
: case of necessity or sickness, and also the
| fact that the wedding was unauthorized
Iby Mrs. Simpson. Then Randolph's dis
| position toward profligacy was a point
i against him, so his Honor said :
I d" While I believe in encouraging young
I people to enter the married state, yet I do
! not think they should do so unless they
| hart the means of earning a respectable
living for their families, so I will sustain
the action of the trustee in the case."
RAILWAY CIRCLES.
The Southern Pacific Southern Exten
sion—Progress on the Valley Road.
Third V ice-President Stubbs of the
Southern Pacific Railway Company de
parted for Los Angeles in iiis private car
yesterday afternoon. Nothing definite
could be learned concerning the object of
his trip at this time, but it is understood
his visit to the south has to do with the
branch extension in that direction. It
may also be pretty accurately inferred that
arrangements are approaching completion
for transferring the bulk of the freight
shipment northward from the east to the
west side of the bay. When the change is
made the company's ferry saving will ag
gregate thousands of dollars weekly.
The daneerously erratic elevator cage in
the Southern Pacific building at the
corner of Market and Montgomery streets,
which came so near being converted into
a deathtrap Saturday, was undergoing re
pairs yesterday. It was noticed that
many of the company's employes and
nearly all outsiders who had business in
the upper-floor offices preferred the heat
and fatigue of the twisting stairways to
the easier but more doubtful means of
ascension. The elevator machinery is to
be thoroughly overhauled and carefully
tested.
The Valley road won another important
right-of-way suit in Merced County last
week and two more of equal importance
are to come up this week. In the latter
cases between three and four suits of
right of way are involved, but an easy
victory or mutually satisfactory com
promise is anticipated. Construction con
tinues to progress at the rate of about a
mile and a half a day. Encouraging re
ports are received from the right-of-way
agents below Fresno.
• ■»—•» — •
Failed to Appear.
Richard Murphy, letter carrier, and Thomas
Barnes, blacksmith, charged with robbing
Fred Mar low of Kruitvale, of $45 at Leaven
worth and Broadway streets, Sunday morning,
appeared before Judge Campbell yesterday
morning. Their attorney said they were
ready to go on but the complaining witness
failed to appear. The Judge issued a bench
warrant for his arrest and the cases were con
tinued till to-day.
• — ♦ ».
Divorced for Cruelty.
Lydia E. Emerson was yesterday granted a
divorce from Luther Emerson by Judge Troutt
because of extreme cruelty. The custody of
the minor children was awarded to the
plaintiff.
THE SAX FKA^CiSCU CALL, TUESDAY, JUJNE 1(5, 1896.
PREDICT SUCCESS
FOR DR. NANSEN.
Report of the Geographical
Society's Commit
tee.
POLAR REGION CURRENT
Examination Into the Genuine
ness of the "Jeannette"
Relics.
VARIOUS EVIDENCE PRESENTED
The "Fram's" Expedition Declared to
Be Warranted and Its Return
Probable.
The printed report of the committee ap
pointed by the Council of tne Geographi
cal Society of the Pacific to investigate
the genuineness of the relics of the ill
fated Jeannette, which sailed from San
Francisco on July 8, 1879, and foundered
in the Arctic Ocean in June of the follow
ing year, has been issued.
In the reDort of the committee, which
consisted of George Davidson and Henry
Lund, many interesting data are given con
cerning Arctic currents.
The investigations just completed were
due to the interest manifested in this City
in regard to the relics, inasmuch as Dr.
Nansen's theory of polar currents was
based principally upon the rinding of the
Jeannette relics in 1884. The further fact
that some of the relics belonged to San
Francisco gives them additional local in
terest.
Doubt has been cast upon the relics
being genuine by Dr. W. H. Dall of the
United States Geological Survey and Dr.
Emil Bessels. The latter declared that he
had evidence "tending to support his
hypothesis that some person or persons
unknown had 'in a spirit of boyish levity'
perpetrated the hoax of placing the
relics on an ice-floe and thereby'produc
ing a sensation in the fleet.' "
Dr. Dall in his conclusions as to the
relics stated that "the proof that the relics
were the result of a hoax is not complete,
and, in the nature of things, unless the j
parties actually concerned shall admit it, j
is never likely to be completed/ 1
General Greely also doubted the genu
ineness of the relics. In the National
Geographic Magazine of March, 1896, he
wrote that "the drift relics found on tne !
west coast of Greenland were relied upon
by Nansen's practical proof that his theory
of a drift voyage was correct." Greely
iurther declares that "Chief Engineer Mel
ville, the man best qualified to speak about
the J«annette, denied at the time their !
genuineness."
General Greely further says that he i
"publicly called Nansen's attention to j
this question, which for the first time |
seems to have created doubts in his mind.
Nansen made efforts to find the relics for
verification, but they had disappeared in
toto."
After mentioning various Arctic drifts, j
the report takes up the evidence concern- ;
ing the Jeannette relics. While the Jean- 1
nette was fixed in the ice in the vicinity of ;
W range 11 Land, stores, clothing instru- j
ments, etc., were placed on an adjoining >
floe. Very little of this was taken along j
when the retreat over the ice was com
menced. Mrs. Emma de Long (vol. 11, I
page 578) says there were 170 pieces left on
the floe after the live or six days spent in
I preparation of the sleds, boats and stores, j
The retreat was commenced over the ice i
June 18, 1881.
In June, 1884, Governor Carl Lytzen ot i
i the Colony of Julianehaab, South Green- J
iarul, wrote to the Danish Consul at New j
York: "I hereby take tne liberty to re- I
cjUPst the Consulate to inform the editors !
ot the New York Herald that on the 18th i
inst. three Greenlanders picked upon an !
ice floe some effects and some partly torn j
papers belonging the American Arctic i
'Jeannette' expedition."
Upon receipt of this information in this j
City various investigations were made, I
the latest being those just completed by •:
Messrs. Davidson and Lund. All avail- i
able evidence was considered, although j
the relics themselves had disappeared. ■
Mr. Lund, in a recent letter, said in re- |
gard to the lost relics: "In June, 1894, I i
met Commodore Otto Irminger of the j
Geographical Society of Copenhagen and I
in our conference he informed me that j
much to the regrdt of the society and all |
parties concerned it was impossible to I
find any of the relics. They had been !
given into the charge of a member whom
they considered a perfectly safe custodian, ]
who had placed them in the garret of his j
dwelling. This person died and when
some time afterward other people moved
into the house they had it cleaned up j
and the rubbish removed by scavengers ■
to the dump hills.
"Among this rubbish were the relics, so
unsuggestive that any one unacquainted !
with iheir history would naturally con- I
sider them of no" value. The Society of j
Copenhagen only missed them some time i
after when our society was seeking to pur- j
chase some of them. It was then too late I
to recover them and Commodore Irminger j
said nothing remained but to express pro
found regret."
The report of the committee concludes i
as follows:
"After carefully weighing these state- \
ments and recalling the mental and pnysi- '
cal cnaracteristics of Dr. Xansen and "the j
brave comrades and men who cheerfully j
accompany him, and tt>e special fitness of I
the Fram to encounter ice dangers, the
committee places upon record its convic
tions — that the present expedition was
fully warranted and that it will return suc
cessful.'' _^^___^^_^_
WHERE IT`S COLD
A Country Where a Lighted Candle I
Finds It Hard to Keep Warm.
Cold is merely a relative term. The |
resident of semi-tropical countries shivers j
when the thermometer falls to 50 degrees, i
while the Laplander and Eskimo think it !
is comfortable at zero.
For real cold, and plenty of it, one must
go to the polar regions. Think of living
where the mercury goes down to 35 de
grees below zero in the house, in spite of !
the stove. Of course, in such a case, fur j
garments are piled on until a man looks !
liKe a great bundle of Bkins.
Dr. Moss, of the polar expedition of j
1875-76, among other odd things, tells"of i
the effect of cold on a wax candle which j
he burned there. The temperature was 35 j
degrees below zero; and the doctor must!
have been considerably discouraged when, j
looking at his candle, he discovered that i
the flame had all it could do to keep ;
warm.
It was so cold that the flame could not •
melt all the wax of the but was !
forced to cut its way down, leaving a sort i
of skeleton of the candle standing.
There was heat enough, however, to melt j
oddly shaped holes in the thin walls of
wax, and the result was a beautiful lace- I
like cylinder of white, with a tongue of
yellow flame burning inside it, and send
ing out into the darkness many streaks of
light.— Popular Science Newa.
Jr__ ii__f_ : __i ____T_i\ --<___. __S__ii!!_'____L /_?__ f_^_T"_pS_P~ )
L__Jf_l M _^.l_#- -l_#_P^ (^/__6 ___§«. in_l_.
)J^_3r II JW^li;^f^^^_iwi% I IP
■ r - -— -~~^'
IE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
■*-*- being one of the wonders of the would, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them. ' _
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism. Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS «1O TO »15 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 'ii Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartiett Springs, Lake County, Cat.
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
I" OCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
■J Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fog, no moiriultims; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
PUKE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATER of the alkochaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians. ™
HOTEL AND COTTAGES, ESPECIALLY DE-
SIGNED FOB, HKAI/ril AND COMFORT.
ALL modern improvements: electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables. - ■
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2MI hours
from San Francisco, via 8. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. ■ J. F. PFKTCIi, Saratoga, Cal.
r ~ f^z~\ The Beaatiful
j^^pi^ hotel
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted Inside and out.. In the
center of Its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, It is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
■% m m% m ■ f\ 4% nor springs,
1 11 I lAIVr 1 1 Mont * rey conn -
-1 HnnlOU dsSSLsS
tire, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda' tab and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the State. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, I*B. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postoffice. . For
illustrated pamphlets and special ' Inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Bkk>- Thkbk Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
fief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TASK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delignt: husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O. -- ■ >. .
WHEN URIAH
VISITING . «JIVI/\n
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
HIS IS THE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in Ukiali, and it is headquarters for
tourists. - •
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
I FIRST - CLASS • ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
■ lightfnl climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; line trout , Hshlng, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley ;,postofnce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week..
VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.
Jos. F. BEHTKAND, Proprietor. •
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m.
HOTEL EASTLAND,
Mill Valley, Marin County,; , *
"MOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RE-
IN sort. ■ MRS. J. J. CULLEN, Prop.
'U I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. flcriATH'S
HUNTING, FISHING, BATHING j AND
camping out witn the boys, and never had
such a good time . before in . my life. ■ Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy. and feel like
going into business again. I tell you ' that Is the
place to go to have a real good time and complete
change. For particulars address A. B.'McMATH,
Hullvllle, Ca). : •:<*■ V' - -
SUMMER BOARD NEAR GILROT.
A PLEASANT HOMELIKE RESORT: ELK-
' gant climate, fishing, hunting and scenery.
Low price. • ■
Terms of W. 1 , TKOMUL¥, Gilroy.
I HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
I LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A BUPF.RB CLIMATE, I
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do i
I you like flue bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
1 Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
i thirty kinds of mineral springs'.' short eat stage
I route into Lake County.
I All this and more can be had at Highland ,
• Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San '.
, Francisco.
From San Francisco It Co3ts only $8 for tha !
round trip, and the hotel rates are »1 50 to $2 50
lit day or $10 to $1B per week. Take the S. F. I
i and N. P. Kailway via PieCa, thence by a short da- !
I light ful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery st.
YilT VACATION!
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible, ;
: where you may mingle with the light- !
! hearted social throng, or bask in the sun- 1
I shine by the surging sea, or stroll under j
I the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
I Now under the proprietorship of MR.
j JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
t unities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
' ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
! loveliness. For further information ad-
! dress J. R. CHACE,
i Proprietor Bea Beach Hotel.
; "Ahsolntelv the finest fishing in the West."— ',
I Forest and Stream.
LAKE TAHOE.
TALLAC HOUSE.
! THK SVMMKR RKSORT OF CALIFORNIA, j
The entirely new hotel open this season. Hotel 1
I and grounds lighted by electric lights. All modern \
I Improvement*. Rate.s $15 to 9~1 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City, j
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1.
I RATES $10 TO $14 PER WEEK. I
I Great reductions in fare to Talkie this reason, j
, The steamer " i'allac " carries its patrons free of 1
charse to and from all points on Lake Tahoe. i
Round trip ticket trom San Franriseo, Oakland, |
; San Jose, Lathrop and Htookton.f 16: Sucraniento. |
913 5O ; Barbara and Los Angeles, -fsi-l 50.
Buy ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving '
23 on trip.
M. LAWRENCE <fe CO., pronrietors.
Send for illustrated circular.
For route and further Information inquire of ;
j Southern Pacific Compan:' 1 ) ticket office. 1
! TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES. I
Under the Old Management
ON AUSTIN CREJKK, IN THK SONOMA !
Redwoods, N: P. C. H. R., via Sausallto ferry. !
'1 r;iin leaves at 1:43. Hotel Cnzadero rates, flO ;
to $14 per week; Elim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8 ;
per week; tents, $3 to $5 per week, bend for cir- |
j cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
Cazadero, Cal.
LAKE TAHOE.
McKINNEY'S. |
Most Sheltered Spot 011 the Lake,
4 ND POPULAR FAMILY RESORT; LARGE
J\ new hotel, just completed; iron and magnesia
springs; large dancing-hall and parlors; hot baths.
Free Boats anil Free Fishing Tackle.
1
No rattlesnakes, no poisou ouk: table excellent; 1
ilniry connected with hotel. Terms, $10 to Ifl'i
per week. Round trip tickets, $I<s.
j MITRPHY BROS., Proprietors.
SODA BAY^ HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITrjATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
is most picturesque. Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
; it throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
I gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatinz and swimming
I are unsurpassed anywhere. A tine bar has jus; j
been opened. »The table is supplied with the very |
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all gnesis carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with tha
dally stage from Pieta and Highland (Springs,
Adams, Seigler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, 95 50; round trip, *10. Spe-
cial rates for families. G. B. WYATT, proprietor,
Soda Bay. Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal.
"CALAVERASJIG TREES.
! The Hotel Situated Right Atnoug the
Sequoia* if* Now Open.
HERE IS FOUND THE FINEST OF FIBH-
Ing. Postoflice and Telephone oilice.
J. L. SPERRY. Manager.
THOMAS COOK <fc SON, 621 Market street.
a F., Agents.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
L.XX COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
i year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 910; special
conveyance daily. For inforn.ation address JOHN
SPAULDING. Setgler Springs, Lake County, CaL
EL BONITO HOTEL
"lyow OPEN TO TOURISTS FOX THE
! X\ season: salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc. : ternu
reasonable. Q. W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., CaL
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
QT7MMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms: large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
1 dres* l. a bux Bft,
Tl/hen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
(Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the CJ%~CjC.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely i
.Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May Kegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Best, .Refreshment and .Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in <>armenls
of Matchless Olory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never T4fts His j
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P.\M. TRAIN FROM !
J- Third and Townsend streets, 3% hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
ffiT Stage connects with train from Third and
Towusend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
Sim CATALISA ISLAM.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAUN'S te egraph pigeon service daily, con- j
necting the island with the wires of the world.
TTNEXCELLED- FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat :
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel .
Metropote now open, Island Villa in July.
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cat.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
L. B. Frattier, Manager.
- Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na- 1
ture's Game Preserve.- Beautiful scenery, purest I
air, colaest water, good shooting: fine trout fish- I
ing near by; regular mail; tabie supplied with the ,
best in the market: vegetables from our own gar-
den; good home cooking and home comforts: ac-
commodation from 20 to 30; season opens June 1.
Distance. and fares— Buy round-trip ticket, *12 ■
(unlimited), at office of a. F. and N. P. Rallroan. I
Rail 10 Uklah, thence by Berry hills popular stage i
line via Potter Valley to sanht-drln. Room and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 , per
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) 91 per day. No
other charges. For further particulars address L.
B. FRaSIKR, Sanhedrin, or LAUD'S GUN-
STORE, 9 Third St.. Haii Francisco.
fi T7" I linn HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma !
V V A I•I ■ V County, only 41/2 hours from :
\ jl II I TIT \ San Francisco; but 9 miles j
II |\ fill 1 1 II staging: new road through
A*.*A VI VI hJ canyon; new stages; sanitary !
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa- j
greeable winds: mosqnlios and other annoying 1
insects unknown. 'lake Tiburon ferry at 7:30 '
a. m. or S:3O p. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.60.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express, j
Kates .$l2 a week ; baths free.
J. F. MULGREW. Pr<|prietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH, REST i
AND PLEASURE: no staging; IA-mile from |
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the ;
United states and the celebrated Lytton Geyser ;
Soda springs. Wonderful curative properties. |
Table first-class. Send for circulars.
MOUNTAIN HOUSE.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Crux Mountains.
- Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt- j
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table I
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve- i
nir. Statte at Madrone .every Monday, Wednes- |
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC POXCELET, Llagas. Cal.
GO TO DUNCAN SPRINGS, I
ITUVq MILES FROM HOPLAND. MKNDOCINO j
I County, for your health and pleasure. The best j
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec- !
trie and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250 j
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot- !
tages to rent. Plenty of amusanients. Free dus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, *10 per week.
. . . O. HO WELL, President.
■ Telephone at Postoffice. ■
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT, j
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address ;
JOSEPH LUTTRINGEK, Seavlew, Sonoma Co., j
or apply K RUSE & CO., 207 Front St., Sau Fran- |
Cisco, for particulars.
INVERNESS. !
TNVEP.NESS, MARIN COUNTY-CAMPING j
JL privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated
on an Inland bay; good beach: salt-water batnlng; ;
water 15 degrees warmer than any other resort |
on the coast: beautiful drives: shooting and fish- '
ing: within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North |
Pacific Coast Railroad, Stages meet trains. Apply !
II to 2 daily, 331 Montgomery street, room 51.
ASTORG JHXERAL WATER. |
rjiHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
1 cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thousnds in four
months In this city: no agents.. A. ASTORG. 108
Fifth St.", sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quarter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water. . ■ .
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
TAKE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
±J resort in State: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; bard-
iinlshed rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. P.. Lake Co., Cal. - .
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER NKW MANAGKMENT.
"DATES $2 TO 92 60 PER DAY, $8 TO $14 PER
It week; all baths free. ■
. W. H. HARRIS. Proprietor, j
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, SISKIYOU COUNTY, CAL., 'a
XJ noted fishing and health resort. ; Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON, BROS., Proprietors.
TUSCAN SPRINGS. ~
** Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for |
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
to. -' For rates and fare apply to •"'
-■• !• XV. J. O'XlilLL, 133 Sixth St.
mouMFn~Tprijig FIRM
WILL BE OPIIX FOR BOARDERS JUNE 1.
Write for particulars \VM. J. ROSS, proprie-
tor, Oakville. Napa Coumy, Cal.
UKIAH STABLES AND STAGE COMPASY,
WH. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TURN-
. outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty, ' state street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage meets all
trains. Daily stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga. Springs and Upper Lake,
ARESTFULOUTINQ
Where pleas and health come
as from a font— You'll find it
AT y£TNA SPRINGS.
Swimming baths, tub baths, hotel, clubhouse,
recreation of all kinds.
Take. 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena. stage leaves thereat 10 a. m., stopping
at Angwlns for lunch, but no long walls as in the
past. Returning the stage leaves the springs at
10 a. m.— no getting up at 5 a. m. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, $7. Rates, $10 to $14 a week.
For further information call at 318 Battery st.,
San Francisco, or address W. L. MITCHELL,
manager, Lidoll P. 0., Napn County, Cal.
TTflTir 1 TITI SPRINGS, P. O.PUTAH,
IIU Mil LAKE COUNTY.
CHANGED HANDS; RENOVATED IM-
\J proved accommodations: table and serv'ce
strictly first class: rates $10, »12: special terms
for families; postotnee and telephone on premises;
round trip 10: tickets at S. P. Co.'s offices: corre-
spondence invited. Address PROF. JULES
HEUGET, Manager.
HAZEL^GLEN.
o*l OOD PLAIN BOA KD IN PRIVATE FAM-
I ily five miles from Cloverdale: rates moderate.
Inquire of MRS. T. MULLER, C'loverdale, or P.
J. HEALY, 203 Powell St. ■
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
T>OSS VALLEY, NEAK SAN RAFAEL; COT-
l'\i tages and tents, with or without board; danc-
ing pavilion: salt water bathing.
MRS. PETER SMITH, Manager.
SUMMER BOARD AT BURLINBAME.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address IRA G. HOITT.
..'.'.*; Holtt's School reopens August 4.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains. Board from $7 to $10 a week.
Campers' return ticket, $2 50. Send for circular
to M. S. COX, Laurel, Cal.
ONG WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
Xj send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal. '
HOTEL DEL MAR— ON THE SEASHORE; 20
minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; tabla unexcelled; surf bathing: sailing, row-
Ing, fishing: buses meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week: adults. $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MA NAG X II
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building. S. F.
HOTEL VICTORIA, SONORA, CAL,, THE
XI gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee. .
MONTE VISTA— THIS DKLIGHTFDL RE-
sort in the Sierra pines is now open to guests;
terms reasonable with free carriage to and from
trains. Send for illustrated circular descriptive of
scenery, climate, table ana the new attractions of
1898, to C. E. KINNEY, proprietor, or C.
HAZARD, manager, Dutch Flat, Cal.
RIVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doeino County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; tinning, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoeino County.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. -good fishing
and hunting. | Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
KYLAND, SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS,
O would like a few boarders; new house, adjoin-
ing church and Po3torHce;.good.vlew. For further
particulars address MRS. H. M. CLOUGH, Sky-
land, Santa Cruz County, Cal.
A~ T" BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; lcrge rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont.
LJROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE:
J* plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde. Nupa.
/-IYPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
\J ble: home comforts. T. H. EP KY. Nan a, Cal.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in th»
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ast free.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
. OF THE-
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
IRON BEDS.
'*!__ 'i^ BRASS BEDS.'
f? mmm " , \ FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Reclining
l _ Lm^ M^ Chairs, Wheel Chair*
T " "ft Commodes, Back Res: j
I I ffnfnif w - >. SCHROCK,
t++±£n — ax —
■ijasi "~ N UU Ul New Montgomery
•# k*-~~ - J St., under liraui
.. ** Hotel, a. K.
NAPA COLLEGE PROPERTY
foh_saijEl. •
THE BUILDINGS. GROUNDS- AND APPA-
ratus of Napa College. lour acres of land,
three large bulldingsand two small library appa-
ratus, furniture, etc., are offered at a bargain.
Building* are suitable for school, sanitarium,
orphanage or hotel. Apply to
S. K. HOLDEN or L. J. NORTON, Napa.
Or I. J. TRUMAN, Columbian Banking Co..
San Francisco.
WAGONS, CARRIAGES HARNESS.""
tl , m i in, ' Fifty per cent saved!
ggj PHar Factory prices— Send
for catalogue.
\ l\/XihJ ■ Carts.. $15 to $35
MASftleiL: Buggies.... .f7s to $125
_»»£ ifsSlrvKjhrTN. < 'arriiu;es..slOl> to $20)
/!<7S3vV '^^^!k \/\ Wagons. . . . *50 to $100
wl^^^^S&J U " raess .sBtos2s
I— SlBp3^^^^^&r~7 We ship everywhere.
Y^s^A/XDC4>\\/ California Wagon ! and
yyv>\V -><_ii^Qia» Carriage Co., 30 Va to
*s^bw = "^ *44Va Fremont st., 8. F
UIUC Vflil *^ re Sweat, Pimples, Copper- $
iiSSIIA"E lUU colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.
WUlccrs in Month, Hair-F&ilingt Write COOK *
ggJKE?<I]2DY CO., 307 Masonic Temple, 3
HK'hicujro, 111., lor proofs of cures. Capl- i
pMtul, @000.000. Worst cases cure d in 15S|
pl^jto 35 day. 100-page boolL free. f-
T A 111 A laxative refreshing foi
I UlffSflK fruft lozenge,
I 111 nil very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
___^_ ;'__ __ hemorrhoids, bile,
1 HI II I L II loss of appetite, gastric an*
IIIBJ I P H intestinal troubles and
■■■ ■•■'*•■■ . headache arising
. from them.
AHII I All E OHILLON,
GnILLON 38 Rue dea Archive* Pan*
QEIILLUEI I*U toy aU DtMt aiau. *
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Silrer a fraction higher.
Wheat futures weaker.
Barley a fraction off.
oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Bran and Middlings advanced.
Hay unchanged.
Potatoes and onions about the urn*.
Butter apes; higher.
Cnolce Eggs iiriu. Cheese weak.
Considerable change in Vegetables.
Cherries continue to advance.
Berries still high.
Plums scarce and dear.
Prune crop not looking as well.
New Dried Apricots BVa c -
Poultry neglected and nominal
Provisions unchanged.
More Limes arrived.
Oranges getiing s m
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. Th* top flgurot
•t station indicare maximum temperature for the
Jays; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
ratn:a!l, of melted snow in inches and hundredtha,
4orin; the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
llßes, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Th«
word '■hizh" means high barometric pressure anc
ts usually acconiDanied by fair weather: "low"
refers :o low pressure, and ts usually preceded
and accompanied by c'ondy weather and rains.
"Lows'' usually first appear on the Washinston
coast. Wh-n the pressare is high in the interioi
and low alone the coas'.and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low* 1 Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, r.iin south 01 1 regcin is improb
able. With a "hl|rh" in she vicinity oi Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposi:e resuli.
WKAIHEK BUREAU BEPOKT.
Usitkd States Dkpartmf.nt op asbicuij-
TfRE. U'KATHKK BUKKAf, SAN FRAXCIBCO, June
15, 1896. 5 P- m.— Weather conditions and general
forfvus: :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
ecru pared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 51.90. last season 46.33; Red 81uff22.«,
las: season 29.71; San Francisco 21.25, last season
25.70; Fresno a 16. last season 14.67; San Luis
Obispo 17.70, las' season '26. Ui; Los Angeles 9.35,
last season 16.11; San Dieso 5.93, last season
12.20: Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
The followinc maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kurwkn 61). Red Bluff 98, San Francisco 79,
Fresno 106, *an Luis Obispo 80, Los Angeles 86,
San I>k_o 72, Yuma 114.
San Francisco data --Maximum temperature 79,
minimum 50. mean 64.
The pressure still continues abnormally high
over th' Pacifif Slope, especially the northern
half. There ha* been a ris- in pressure during: the
past 24 hours of one-tenth of an inch over West
ern 1 rcsor. and Nor he rn California. The pres
sure is about norms! over Arizona.
The tempera' ure i.as remained about stationary
over the entire country west of the Rocky Moun
tains » ih the exception of very small areas on
the cen;r.U coast of California. The changes in
ti m]>era> ure h>-re are due to local causes; then
b»-i nt' a rise of 18 degrees at San Francisco and a
fail of 14 deer es ai San Luis obispo during the
past 2 4 hours Very warm weather prevails in the
vaKev.s of California and in Nevada. Utah and
Arizona. 'I he temperatures in these districts are
from 10 to 23 decrees hicher than the average, for
this time.
The weather has been cloudy in California from
San Luis Obispi> to Red Bluff. It has also been
cloudy with sprinkles of rain in Northern Nevada-
Conditions are favorable for fair weather Tuesday
and continued lii«h temperatures inland.
Korecas: made at San Krancisco for thirty hours
endine; milnietit, Jane 16. 1896:
Northern California— Somewhat cloudy Tuesday
in the central portion ; continued warm weather in
the valley regions and eastward; light northwest
win la, becoming stronger in the afternoon.
Southern 1 aliiornia— Somewhat cloudy Tuesday
morning m-ar the coast; continued warm weather
inland: liyh: westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday and possibly light
showers in extreme northern portion.
Utah — Cloudy Tuesday; continued warm
weather.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday: continued warm
weather.
San Francisco and vicinity— Somewhat cloudy
Tuesday morning: continued warm weather; light
southwesterly winds, changing to northwest in
the afternoon and Increasing in force.
ALEXANDKB G. McAniK,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 15.— A more hopeful
feeling prevailed in stock circles to-day and the
market broadened considerably. There was good
buying for both borne and foreign account, and in
the late trading the shorts, who cad been fighting
the rii-e all day long, fell into line. London buying
cut a figure in the dealings and the orders em
braced a wider range than of late. Total sales
footed ud.; 226,500 shares. The underlying cause
for the increased activity ana th« improvement In
prices .right through the list was the impression
afterward confirmed by Senator Lodge that the
st. Coni* 1 Convention would put a gold plank in
the platform. r
The gain in prices was equal to Vi@ /4 .per cent
and was well distributed, A feature of the trading
was the absorp ion of . high-priced stocks' and the
ens« with which, these stocks moved up on light
offerings, Lackawanna rising to 164. Lake Shore
to 153% and Consolidated (Jus to 368. The strength
of Sugar was .the subject of comment. In view of
the reduction of 1-I6c per pound in re
fined ' and - the ' demoralized condition of
the- market ■for raws «hioal. The stock
opened a: ; 120%@>121% ex dividend ot 3
per c "tit and advance . steadily to 123%, brokers
identified with lower Wall-street interests being
the lar test buyers. . . .
The.report of an extra dividend on the common
was again revived. The Internationals,' Anthra
cite Coalers and the specla ties were all taken on
the way up, and the feeling at the close was more
confident than for a long time. Net changes show
advances of %@% per cent outside of. Rubber
which lost 1% per cent.
Bonds were active and strong. The sales were
81.650.0U0. Government bonds were higher and
advanced %to % per cent, I'he only casual s»le
was $66,000 coupon . fours of ' 1925 at 116%@
117%. -* i--v :v;£2.-.^--;.- -.y^i..-. ..... ;> ; iv. ;i ...
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, stronger and lower; Winter
wheat, low grades, $1 70@2 55; do. fair to fancy
• $2 4i@3 45: do patents, $3 70@3 90: Minnesota
clear, $2 40@2 90; do straights, $2 flf>(o,3 55: do
patents, $3 25@4 30: rye mixture, $2 40@3 10
-superfine, *1 6U@,2 25: fine. $1 50@2 05. Rye
flour dull, easy, at $2 40@2 80. '■■ !
COHNMEAL— Quiet, easy: yellow Western.
$2 0532:10: Brandy wine, $2 15.
RYE— .No. 2 Western, 40S/gC.
BARLEY— DuII, weak: Western, 32®34ct0 ar
rive. '" '. . . ■ . ...Ti,
BARLEY MALT— Quiet: Western, 48@53c.
WHKAT— DuII, firm; f. o. b.. 72% c; ungraded
red, 63@73c ; • No. 1 J>i ortnern, 67c, ■'-■-■-
Options moderately active and Irregnlar. closing
steady at yßc,y B e , decline .on July and %@%c on
others. July and September most active. .No. 2
red June. «33/ c: July. 63% c: August, 63c; Sep
tember. 6314*- 1 : December, 66c.
stocks of grain, store and afloat, June 13:
Wheat. 2.590950; corn. 1,052,500: oats. 2,950.
911: rye. 62,975; barley, 8300; malt 110,605;
peas, 549 bushels. • ,;
CORN— DuII, firm; No. 2, 88% c; elevator, 34% c
afloat. - ■ . ■
Options dull and steady at unchanged prices at
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., TeL Main 1954
. BRANCH OKFICK ■ . '.
623 Market St., Palace- Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. PURDV, Manager. * .
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHiCAGO. MUVAt* IKK «*W YOBK.
14c advance with special feature. June, S3>/ a c:
July, 33% c: August, 345/gc: September, 35.
OATS— -Moderately aciive.
Options dull. June, 22c; July, 32Vsc.
Spot prices: No. 2, 22@22y 8 r : No. 3 white, 24c:
No. 2 Chicago, X3c: No. 3, /114 c: No. 3 white,
23c: mixed Western, 23c@24c; white Western
and white state, 24<$-JBc.
FEED BRAN— 6Oa
JJIDDLINUS— 6Oc.
KYK-Feed. 60@65a
Proviaions.
' BEEF— DuII, fairly active, $8 60@9: extra
mess $6@7. Beef bams nominal, $9 50.
Tierced beef steady: city extra India mess
$11(913: cut meats slow; pickled bellies, 12
pounds, 4<ffl4Vß< > : pickled shoulders, 4VjC; pick
led hams, 9V*(?>9^.
LARD— WeuK; Western steam. $4 40; city,
4 05; July, $4 45. Refined, slow: Continent,
$4 65: South American, $5 10:|compound 4@4 14c
PORK— Steady; moderate demand; Old mess
$8 25@8 50: new mess, $8 75(a>9.
BUTTER— Moderate Demand, unsettled. West
ern dairy, B®liy 2 c: do creamery. llV a @lsc:
Elglns, I6V2C: Imitation creamery, 10©12 c.
CHEESE — Active; State large, 6»/i@7 V 4 c
do small, 6®7i/4C; part skims, 2@4Vac; full
skims. Iiy 2 @12&
Ef)t;s — Quiet, State and Pennsylvania.
12fd)12Vic; Western fresh, ll@12c: do per case,
$1 60® 3.
TAj.l.ow— Nomnal: city. 3y*c: country, 3*4 c
COTTONSEED OlL— Steady; crude, 20<s»20V2C;
yellow priu)e.24%®2sc; do off grades, 2* :l /4(<£2sc.
BESIN-Quiet: strained, common to goou, $1 70
@1 72.
TURPENTINE-Dull: 25^@26c.
POTATOES — Choice, steady, fair demand;
Southern, 75c@$3 35.
RICE— DuII; Domestic, fair to extra, S@s%c.
MOLASSES— Quiet, steady; New Orleans open
Kettle, good to choice, 27@37a
COh FEE— Steady, unchanged to 10 points down:
June, $12; July, 811 45(911 50; Au^uU, $10 90:
September. $10 55; October, $10 20; December,
*10 05: March, $9 60. Spot Rio, dull, steady; No.
7. m/ 4 c.
SUGAR— Baw, dull, nominal; fair refining.
93/tc; centrifugals, 96 test, 3s,ic, Refined, dull.
1-ltic lower: oft A,43/s@4 9-16 c; mold A, 5 3-16 c:
standard A, 4 15-16 c; confectioners' A, 4 13-16 c:
cut loaf. 5 9- 16 c; crushed. 5 6-16 : powdered, 5V4c;
granulated, 4 15-16; cubes, 5 3-16 c.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8%@12c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, it to, 12013 c: do unpeeled,
s%(aße.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal, 5c
RAIsiNS-Two-crown loose Muscatel,
do three-crowu, 4@4%c: do tour-crown, 4%S»&c;
do I. ion layers. 90c<$$l. )
HOPS— Steady: state common to choice, 2%@Bc:
Pacific Coast. siV2@7c
WOOL— Moderately active; domestic fleece, 16@
21c; pulled, 16@33c
Merchandise.
Pin IRON — Moderate demand; American,
*11 70013. ->:...:
COPPER-Flrm: lake. $11 75@12.
LEAD— FIat; domestic. $3.
TlN— Firm: straits. $13 65@13 75.
PLATES— Moderate demand.
bPELTEK-Qutet: domestic. $4 05@410.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ilk, June 15.— The wheat crowd
went home long of wheat on Saturday, hoping
that something favorable to prices would develop
over Sunday. The desired encouragement not
being in evidence this morning, all the wheat so
held came on the market to the disadvantage of
values. Heavy world's shipments were estimated,
the authentic amount, with Russia missing, being
4,322.000 bushels. That country was unofflclally
reported to have shipped 4,000.000 bushels. The
visible supply was a disappointment of the great
est kind to holders, showing as it did a decrease of
but 661.0 0 bushels where 2.U00.000 reduction
was expected. The amount on ocean passage in
creased 1.600.000 bushels.
Liverpool cables were %d lower. Receipts in
the Northwest were heavy at 516 cars, against
645 last Monday and 235 a year a«o. Chicago re
ceived fourteen cars and inspected out 62,000
bushels. Closing Continental cables were generally
lower. The English visible supply increased 400,
-000 bushels. Export clearances were light at 194,
-400 bushels. The market recovered during the
latter portion of th« session mpinly on covering by
heavy short-sellers. July wheat opened from 66Vs
@56c, sold between 5534@555/ s c and s~s/ B e, clos
ing at 56% c, ss 8 c under Haturday. Estimated re
ceiptßfor to-morrow, 35 cars.
CORN— The inclination of corn was the same as
that of wheat, both through sympathy and by
reason of the statistical news. Receipts were
heavy at 4-0 cars and the output small at 71,800
bushels. Liverpool cables were %d lower. The
visible supply showed but a moderate decrease,
46 1,000 bushels, anil the amount on ocean passage
increased 320.000 bushels. The close was steady,
with September hanged from Sa'.nrday. That
option opened at 28% c, advanced to 29c, closing
at 28% c. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 525
cars.
OATS— Trading in oats was but moderate, and
the feeling was weak In sympathy with the lead-
Ing grains. Receipts were 288 cars, and 140,900
bnsnels were taken from store. The visible sup
ply increased ' 115,300 bushels. Export clear
ances amounted to b9,6U0 bushels. July oats
closed Vs under Saturday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 350 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 81c: July, 80c, nomi
nal: September, 82c Receipts 19 cars.
PROVISIONS— A small unimportant and unin
teresting business was transacted In product.
Under big receipts of hogs the market at the yards
was lower, and reflecting the tone at that place
pro.uct opened weak. A fair amount or buying
of a promiscuous sort served to steady the feeling a
little, however, and no serious break occurred.
July pork closed 5c lower, July lard a shade
lower, and July rib* 2%@5c lower.
BUTTER— Quiet. Creameries— Extra. 14% c
Dairy— Extra, Vie. Ladle— Extra, lU@l2c.
EGGS— Easy at 9@9%c.
MONEY— Was 6@t>% on ; call and 6% on
time loans. New York exchange sold at 70c
premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— June. 56% c: July, 56% c; September,
675/« c. .
CORN-June, 27%@27%c; July, 27%@27%c;
September, 28ygC.
OATS— July,' 17% c; September. 17% c.
PORK— July. *7 12%; September, «7 30.
LARD— JuIy, $4 17%; September. *4 30.
hliss— July, $3 85; Septemoer, 94.
'  Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 11.1.. June 15.—Cat
tle strong: demand good. Receipts of hogs were
large. Packers held off, and succeeded in forcing
a decline of sc. Sheep were in good demand for
choice kinds, which were steady. Poorer grades
were easy
CATTLE— Receipts, 16,000. Fancy beeves,
$4 35(ftil 50.
HOUS— Receipts. 32,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $2 95(j53 20: common to choice
mixed. 95r<s3 30: choice assorted. *3 35(0342%;
light, $3 05(g,3 42%; pigs, 92 60453 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 16,000. interior to cnolot,
92^4; lambs, 92 50<g6.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. •
Money on cal has been firm at 2@3%; last loan
at 3%; closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 4y 2 (g,5%. Bar silver, 683,4 c. Mexican dollars,
635/ c. Sterling Exchange is firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87V4(ai4 87% for
60 days anil *4 88V4@4 88Va for demand. Pouted
rates. $4 88Va@4 89%. Commercial bills, $ 4 86%.
Government bonds stronger; .-state bonds firm;
railroad bonds higher. Silver at the board was
quiet. > • ■
cxosrsro stocks.
Am Tel A Cable.. . . 90 v 3 Norfolk A Westrn. 4%
Atchlson 16% Preferred......... lls/ g
Preferred ■'&*/» Northern Pad fid... 4%
Adams Express... .l 47 Preferred 144-8
Alton, Terre Haute "68 Northwestern 104 Va
American Expresslll Preferred .-..148
American 65% N.Y. Central...... 97
Preferred .. 97 N.Y. .Chicago**. L. 13
Bay State Gas 27 Ist preferred 72
Baltimore Ohio.. 19 . Yd preferred.'..... 31
Brunswick Lands.. %N..Y.& N. H....... 174
buffalo, Roch AP. 18% N. Y. A New Eng. 40% I
Canada Pacific... 6*-' N. V., Husq A W... *%
Canada Southern.; 50*4 Preferred. 24.34
Canton Land 50% Ontario „ 12
Central Pacific... 16 Ontario A Western 14y 8
Ches. A Ohio a6V4 Oregon Improvmnt Vs
Chicago Alton 155 | Preferred -
Preferred '. J 70 .', Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. &(&... 80 Oregon Short Line. 8
Chicago AE. 111... 41 Pacific Mill ;. 253^
Preferred..:. ...^99 jPeorla, D. A Evans 1%
ChlcagoGas........ 68% Plttsburß A W. pfd 15
CleveA Piitsbnrg..l«3 (Pullman Pa1ace.. ..167
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. ■.. 1%
Consolidated Gas:. l6B Preferred.  14
C. C. C. A St. Louis 34 Reading..... ..-.•... 15%
Preferred .'..; 82 RioGrande&Westn 15
Colo; Fuel A iron.. 37 Vi; Preferred. ..... 40
Preferred 100 K0ck151and........ 71%
Cotton Oil Cert — 12% RomeWat*Ogden.ll6
Commercial Cable. 150 St. L. AS. W •;-. 6
Del. Hudson 126V4i Preferred......... 11
Del. Lack* Westrn. 164. Ist. Paul '- • ' 78 :
Denver<fcß.G 13% Preferred. ........ 127 i/ a
Preferred......... 49VsiSt. Paul. A Duluth. 22
Distillers 16»4! Preferred ..85
General Electric... 33 VsSt. Paul A Omaha. 44%
Erie 14%j. Preferred 125
Preferred ...27- St. 1?.".M. A M.. 112
Fort Wayne ...... 160. i.sliv^r Certificates. 68»A
Great Northern pfdl 18 ISouthern Pacific. 19'/ 2
Green 8ay.. .......: %|Southern R. X..... J»%
Harlem. 1 .... ....;.. 295 ■ I Preferred ...-29%
Hocking C0a1...... 1- Sugar Refinery . ...122 1/2
Hpeking Va11ey....- 18% Preferred loa»/4
Homestake. 33 Term. Coal A -Iron. 25 Vi
H. A Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central..... 93 ' Texas Pacific * 77/»
lowa Central B%Tol.A.A.<fcN.Michl
•Preferred......... 34%T01. A Ohio Cent... .30
Kansas <fc Texas... 12% Preferred. ■ ' 70
Preferred 26%Tol.St.LouisA K.C. 6
Kingston* Pern... 3 Preferred. 5
Lake Erie A Westn L'nion Pacific ... 8%
Preferred.........' 71» jU. P. Den A Gulf.. 3
LakeSbore 163 U. a Cordage.. 6V4
National Lead 24%', ; Preferred.... .' 10%
Preferred ..89 j Guaranteed 20»a
Long Island.. : ..* 76 U. S. Express . 40
Louisville A Nash. , 61% m. 8. , Leather. BS/«
Louisville NaACh 9 ' Preferred. . "" 62%
Preferred. .... 20 U. S. Rubber. " 18vS
Manhattan C0n501.1043/ Preferred.. .. 79
Memphis A Charts. 16. iUtica AB. River .160
Mexican Central... 9% Wab. S. L, A Pac 73/.
Michigan Central.. 95 ■ , Preferred.... " . 181 A
Minn AS. L :—-"-: — -"-- Wells-Fargo.. .96
"Preferred "..:.— — '-■ Western Union.. 86
Minn * st. L com.' 17% Wisconsin Central. ' IVi
Ist preferred-.... 77 Wheeling AU. E.. 10V«
2d preferred 47 'Preferred.'...; 34
Missouri Pacific. .23% Am Cotton OH nfd ' 5514
Mobile 0hi0..::. 22 W. U. Beef.. ,'.
Nashville A Chatt. ' 68 '-*. Aiini Arbor . . :... . . 9
National Linseed.. 17%: Preferred..;. 25 ;
N. J. Central. 107 V«, Brooklyn Traction. 23V
North American... Erie 2d pfd 21%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL, TUESDAY, .JCJJNJS Its, !»««.
: CLoaiira bonds.
V 8 4s, registered.. 108 V, M X T2d5.... 59
Do 4s. coupon 1101/4 Do 4s 83
U S *s new, regstrdll7y 8 Mutual Union 65... 114
Do 4a, coupon ...11 73/ N J Cent Gen 5«...119 1 4
Do Vis 94 Vi Northern Pac lsta.l
Do 5s 113% DoZds :;....... 115
i o 6s, coupon. . . . 1138/j, Do 3d5. . .. . 72
Cherokee 4s, 1896 Northwest Consols.l 3B Vi
Do 1897 10J ! Do deb 55........10»Vs
Do 1898 10U O R<t lsts. 112Va
Do 1899 100 StL&lronMtGen osl 17^
Pacific -is 0f '95.... StL&SF Gen 68.1123,4
D C 3-658. 109V4 Si Paul Consols. . . . 132
Ala Class A 45..... 107 St PC* Pa 15t5...119
Do Class B 4, 55.. 105 Do Pac Cal lats.llo
LaConsol 99V* Southern RR 55... 93%
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. 86V4
N Carolina con 65.. 124 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 31 14
Do 4s ........102 Union Pac lsts '88.103J*
So Carolina 4 Vis... 106 West Shore 45...... 11)6%.
Term new 3s 84 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 66*4
Va funding debt... «0V 2 R Grande West lsls 76
Do registered Ches A Ohio 55.... 10834
Do deferred 65... o AtchUon 4s.'. 79Vb
Do trust rcpts St. 4V 3 Co ids A.. 42
Canada South 2d5..104V4 OH * S A 65 106
Cen Pac lsts 0f '95. 102 Do 2d 75. ........ .101
Den 4EO Ist ....11l H A Tex Cent 6a. .109
D 045...... 91V* Do con 100
Erie ads .. 66V* Reading 4s 79V4
Kansas Pa Consols 75 Missouri 6s. ...... .100
Ks Pa lsts Den divll I V* -
FOREIGN MARKETS.
•; WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL. 1 , X yJ^'K
LIVERPOOL, Km, June 16.— The spot market
Is lower.at 6s 4d@ss sd. , Cargoes quiet at 26s 3d,
sellers, arrived.
- futures.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: June,
4s 9%d: July, 4s 9%d; August,- *» 9 s /id; Septem-
Der, 4s 9%d; October, 4s 9%a.
SECURITIES,
LONDON, Ejfe.. June.l6.-Consolß, 113 1-16;
silver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes, 10 If 65c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... — $4 881,4
Sterling Exchange, sight .. — 489^i
Sterling Cab1e5....'.....:.... — 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, f. ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars 54% - 65
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTIIKK GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were a shade off. Spot grain
aull and unchanged.. No. 1, 97VaC@$l * ctl;
choice, $1 01V4@l OJJ t ; lower grades, 92i^®95c;
extra choice for milling, $1 05(3)1 15 V ctl.
CALL BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Sksbion— lo o'clock— December—
100 tons, 97c; 1500, 97V4C; 400, 97 %c.
liKufLAR Moknino flKssioN— December— 3oo
tons. 971/ic: 400, 978/sC
afternoon Skssh>n — December — 300 tons.
»7y 8 c; 200, 97V4C.
BARLEY— Quiet and weak. Feed, 70@71i.4c;
choice, 721 2 c; Brewing, 75(^80c.
(All. BOARD BALKS.
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— loo
tons, 69% c; 900, 69c.
Aktkrnoon session — December — 200 tons,
68% c; 400, 68% c; aOO, 68% c.
OATS— Firmly held at the advance, but dull.
Milling, 87%@U0c; fancy Feed, 90@92%c: good
to choice, 8^%@90;; common to fair, 77%@82%c;
Gray, 80@85c: surprise, 95c(g>$l 02% it en.
CORN— Not much going on. Large Yellow, 87%@
90c: Small Round do, 97% c; White, 80@85c it ell.
RYE— 76@76%c it ctl.
BUCKWIiEAi — 85@90C ft ctl.
FLOVB AND MIIiLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 Vi bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 75@3.
CORN.UEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, fl9 60@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 sO;oi'Jl fi ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: Rye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3Vai*t Oatmeal,
3%c; Oat Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 4&4Vic: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina,
4y 3 c; Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4 Vic;
Pearl Barley, 2 c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
6 Vie fl lb. -^_-
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFB.
BRAN-Is higher at SI S 50@16 60 ft ton.
MIDDLINGS— Higher at 917 50fa)18 50 ft ton
for lower trades and 519@20 f» ton for the best.
FEKDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, *16@10 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill. $20 per ton; jobbing, f 21;
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 fl ton.
HAY — Prices showed no change. Receipts were
larger. New Wheat is quotable at $B@lo 50 >*
ton; New Wheat and Oat, $7 50fg>9 50: new
Oat, S7@B fl ton; new Barley, $6 60@7 50 ?
ton; second cutting of Alfalfa, $6(2)6 60.
Old Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat, $8@
1150 ft ton: Oat, $7(§,9: W heat and Oat. $8@1 1 ;
Barley. $7(<DB 50 ft ton: Clover, $6@7 60 p ton;
Compressed Oat, $6 50(a#8; Compressed Wheat, $7
©10 50; $ti@7 per ton.
BTR A W-aO(g,4Uc ft bale.
BEAN!) AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at 9Oc@sl 9 ctl;
Small Whites, $1 25@1 35 ft ctl; Pea, $1 20@
1 30: Large Whites, 90c@$l; Pink, 85@95c; Reds,
25; Blackeye, .$1 75; Red Kidney, nominal: I
Limas, $'.' 50«2 70: Butters, (1 40@l 60 for small
and $1 26@1 50 for large.
SEEDS— Quotations are as follows: Brown
-Mustard ,sl'so(s2 25:Trieste,$2@2 .'.O: Yellow Mus
tard, 51 40@l 60: Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary.
> tt>; Alfalfa, 7%@9% V ib; Ripe, 2U|C * tti;
Hemp, 3%c $ lb. - •
DRIED I'KAS-f 1 25@1 40 V ctl for Niles and
$1 25f$l 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Are steady. New Potatoes, In sks,
86c@$l ; new Early Rose In bxs from the River,
90c@l 25 V ctl: new Burbank Seedlings, $I@l 35;
Oregon Burbanks, 76c@$l: Early Hose, 66@75c:
Petaluma and Tomales, 65@80c it ctl; Humboldt
Burbanks. 75@90c V ctl.
ONlONS— Unchanged at 25@30c 1* sack.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 609 boxes As
paragus, 53 boxes Rhubarb and 123 sacks Peas.
Cucumbers are coming in more freely and are
lower. Green Corn is unusually poor this year,
which explains the low prices. Beans are also
poor and exceedingly dull.
Green Corn 10@17%c $ dozen: Summer
Squash, 7Sc@sl 25 ft box for Bay and 60(<565c
>• box In small rox.-s. Egg Plant, 10@12%c %t
lb: Tomatoes, $I@l 76 * box: Cucumbers, 25
@6Uc |4 dozen: Asparagus, 60c@$l 25 It box for
ordinary and $1 60@2 50 for extra: Rhubarb, 35
®76c « box: Dried Peppers, 6@12%c: Green
Peppers, 15c Ib: Green Peas, 60fa)76c ft sack for
common and 3 ■ ft D> for Garden"; String Beans,
l@3c t« Ib; Horse Beans, 40@50c it sack: Dried
Okra, 12% c; Cabbage, 46@50c ft ctl; Garlic, 2®
3c It Ib.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER— The market hat moved np another
notch and Is quoted firm.
Cbeamrby— Fancy, 16@15J£c; seconds, 14®
14V2C. f, lb.
Dairy— Fancy. 13V2 f^ 1 *c; good to choice, 12V»
13c; lower grades, ll@l2c.
CHEESE — Fancy mild new is quotable at
6V2C Vlb; common to good, 6ftt)6c: Cream Ched
dar. 9c: Young America, 7@Bc $ tb; Western, 10
@llc; Eastern, 12@l'jy a c.
EGGS— Steady at previous prices. Oregon E^gs,
IOV20; Eastern Eggs. 10@12c doz: store Eggs,
lUail2c: ranch Eggs, 13®16c; Duck £ggs, 18<g)l 4c
V doz.
POULTRY AND GAME,
POULTRY— DuII, weak and nominal.
Live Turkeys, ll@l3c for Gobblers, 9@llo for
Hens; Geese, 9 pair, 76c@Sl 25: Ducks, $3@4
for old and $4@5 for young: Hens, $3 50(9
4 50: Roosters, young, $6 @7: do, old. $4(q)
4 25: Fryers. $4 50r<£5: Broilers, $B@4 for large and
*2@2 50 for small; Pigeona, $1 25(g>l 50 V doz
for young and old.
uaME— Nominal.
DKCIDUOUS AND CITBUB FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
690 boxes, selling at 90c@Sl IS %4 box for Black,
and 85c@$l 15 for Royal Anne. Cherries in bulk,
for Black and B@9%c for Royal Anne.
Peaches, 3&@76c %* box. and 65@76c ft basket.
Plams, $1@»1 26 ft crate and 50@U6c It box.
They are scare?.
Cherry Plums, 40@60c $ box.
Red Apples. 40f0)66c ft box and 30@50c $ bas
ket and 75c@$l 25 "0 large box; Green Apples, 35
"i .'itt' "# box in small and 76c@tl in large boxes
and 25@40c %* basket. ... ■
Green Pears, 25050 c%* box and 25@35c V bas
ket. ■ .
Apricots, 40@75c r- box and basket.
Figs from Visalia, S!>@4oc i« tt>.
The first Cantaloupes of the season are in from
11. W. Bla sdell of Yuma, selling at 60c. -
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 160
chests, selling at $B<gilO V chest for Longworths
and $6(S#H for large berries. -
Gooseberries, 1%02y 2 c %l Ibm bulk for ordinary.
Raspberries, $H(ojl2 % chest, Newcastle Raspber
ries, $I @1 25 f» crate. . .•
' Blackberries, «10@ll ft chest and *1 60®l 76 V
crate. .
Currants, $3 60@5 3 chest and some fancy goods
brIDK $• . Mildewed s ock S.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Another steamer is In with
600 cases Mexican Limes. Oranges are in light sup
ply at $2@2 50 %i box for Seedlings. $3 60@4 60 for
Navels, $i!<g>'_' 60 1* box for Malta Bloods and *2rd>
3 $ box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1@
150 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6 60@4; California Limes, $1 «*
box; Bananas, $I@2 It bunch; Pineapples, $3@&
f» dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Sale of 3 car* new Apricots at Armona at 7%c
in the sweat-box, equivalent to B%c ft Ib here. :,~[
The Prune crop is not ■ looking quite as well as it
has been.
DRIED FRUITS—
Carload Lots— Apples, 1 V3@2c Tp !b for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4%c for ■ evaporated;
Peaches, ?@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 7©B%c
for prime 10 choice. 9c for ' fancy and 10@llc $
!b for fancy ' Moorpatk; Figs, black, 1 2% c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c *lb
for evaporated halves, 3%@dc 1^ It) for quarters:
Prunes. 3@3V»c; Plums, 3%cs lb for pitted and
IVb@-c for unfitted; Nectarines, 3%<ssc ib for
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy. ■ ■ . v <
Jobbing Pbickb— Evaporated Apples. 4@4%c
¥ lb: sun-dried, l%@2c: Peaches, 3%@5c and 6c
for fancy: peeled In boxes, 12% eft Ib: Prunes, 3%
tgiic for four sizes, 5c for 4U@so's and 4%c for
50@60's; Apricots, 7@9c for prime to choice,
10(g)ll for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 3%c,
White Fi gS) 3®sc: Pears. 8c «tb for evaporated
halves and 4@7y 2 c for quarters: Plums. B%@4c
for pitted and l@l%c forunpltted: Nectarines,
4@sc ■# Ib for prime to choice. " ■■ ■:'■■_. __j,
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prioes are as
follows, carload lots. f. o. b. San Francisco: tour
crown, loose, 3%c; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown,
2%cittt>; seedless Sultanas, 3%@3% c: seedless
Muscatels, 2Vn®',>3 / ii.c; 3-crown London layers, iOC
* box; clusters, $1 35@1 50; Debe»ac lu ,ters,
*2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, *2 60®2 75; Dried
Grapes, $1 tb.
. Jobbin-8 Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3V4@4c; S
crown, 31/4 C * tt>; 2-crown, 2%@3c Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c it ft; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; ■3-crown
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, $1 50® 1 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, *i 70,
Dried Grapes, . . , _■_
NUTS-Walnuts are quotable at 9®llc * »>
forNa 1 hard and ll@l3c * for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7%c f, ft for Langue
doc and; By,@loc lor paper-shell, jobbing; Pea
nuts, s%Wcfor Eastern and 4%@5%c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9®loc- it ft,: Cocoanuts. 84 60@5 100. _
HONEY-Comb, 10@12c » lb for bright and 80
9c » ID for lower grades; water-white extracted,
6@5%c a,; light amber extracted, 4%@4%c,
dark amber, 4c; dark, 2©3 c
BEESWAX— 25@27%c it Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 8c *
tb for heavy, 7c f. lb for light medium, 9c V It) for
light, 10c for extra liaht and 12c * lt> for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams lleU Ji,^*' 1 '
forula Hums, 9y.c %» lb: Mess Beef, $1 60(q»8;
extra mess do, »8 60ftzi9; family do, * 10: -. ex I r . a
prime Pork, $8 50@9; extra clear, $14 » odi;
mess, $12 V bbl : Smoked Beef, 10c * Ib.
LARD— Kastern. tierces is quoted at sy±c f IB
for compound and 6V*c for pure; palls. Ji/jc;
California tierces, 5c f» Ib for compound i nd 6c for
pure; half-bbls, 6i4c; 10- lb tins, 7c; do 6-lb, 7V 4 c.
COTTOLENK— 6®6V*c in tierces and 6»/<i@7VBC
» S> In 10-Ibtlni.
11l I)KS, TALLOW, WOOI. AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers quot
able at 7@7y 2 c lb; culls and brands. 6@6%c:
medium, 6®t>y 2 c; culls and brands, 5@5%c: light,
6c; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 6@5%c; culls
and brands, 4@4%c; salted Kip, 5c it lb; salted
Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 10%@llc:
culls and brands, B@B%c; dry Kip and Veal, b@9c:
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35c each ; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer.
30c; medium. 16@25c; winter, 7@loc; ' Sheep
skins, shearlings. 10@15c each: short wool, 2063
35c each; meulum, 40@60c each; long wools, 50©
60c each. Culls of all kind* about less.
- TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3%@3%c: No. 2,
3c; refined. 5y 2 @534c; Grease, 2%c it lb. 1
WOOL— Valley Oregon Is quoted at 9@10%c;
do lower grades. B@9V 2 c ft'lb; Nevada, 6@9c;
San Joaquin and Southern Coast, six months, 4<o)6c;
San Jouquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%f36%c; northern tree,
7@9c;do defective, 6@6%c *$ It).
HOPS-l%@3c^ lb.
tiKNKHAL. MKBCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Baes, spot. $4 25; San
Quentin, f 4 20; Wool Bags, 24%@26y 3 c.
COAL— Wellington, ?8 Uton; New Wellington,
$8 $ ton; eouthfield Wellington, *7 50 V ton;
Seattle, $6@5 60; Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $7: Scotcn, $7 60; Brymbo. *7 60;
Cumberland, «11@12 In bulk and f13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgu. $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8; Cannel, $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 60: Coke,
$11(312 in bulk and SIM ?i ton In hks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6 Vic;
Confectioners' A, 6y 8 c: Magnolia A, 46/ 8 c; Extra
C, 41/20: Golden C, 8 c; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes Vie more.
SYRUP— Golden, In bbis, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
* gaL
SAN FRANCISCO BIKAT MABKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, . r >(3.">V'a c ; second ao, 4y 3
48/ic: third do, 3y»@4c H« m.
VEAL— Large. s<^6c: small, 6@7c ¥ lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6Vz@6c: Ewes, 5%c H lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@6y 2 c '0 lb.
PORK-Live Hogs, 2c $ Ib for large and 3V^@
3V4C for small and medium: dressed do, 4i/4@)5 V4<-'-
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 3.s6o: Middlings, sks... 145
Oregon 10.4r.Miay. tons 452
Oregon 2.422 Straw, tons 8
Wheat, ctls 6.9*5 Butter, ctls. 154
Washington.... 1.757 Cheese, ctls 87
Barlej.clls 4,26^ Eggs, doz 5,580
Oats, ctls. 42011ide3.n0 84
Oregon 1,680 fp\ta, bdls 96
Washington.... 185 Wool, bis 936
Corn, ctls lOiWine, gals 38,900
Beans, sks. I,l ß4' Brandy, gals 2,500
Rye, ctls 265 Leather, rolls 56
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,286 Ta110w, ci is 4
Oregon, sks 1,422 Lumber. M t*«t.. 10
Onions, sks 0-<9,Llme, bbls. 331
Bran, sks 893
THE STOCK MARKET
The week opened firm but quiet yesterday, and
on £he morning session prices were somewhat
higher than on Saturday, but they fell back on the
afternoon call. There was no informal session at
noon owing to the death of O. W. Marye, the
broker.
The close was lower and dull.
The Consolidated Golden Gate Sulphnret Mining
and Development Company has declared a divi
dend of 15 cents iht share, payable on the 9th.
This Is the fifth dividend.
The Stiver King assessment will become delin
quent in the oflice to-day.
At the annual meeting of the Bodie Consolidated
Mining Company yesterday an entire new board of
directors and officers was elected without opposi
tion. By a vote of 64,777 shares George C. Hlckox,
Charles E. Paxton. S. L. Ackerman. M. A. Jack
son, E. Durbrow, A. Herman and S. Scheellne
were chosen directors, with George C. Hfckox as
president, Charles K. Paxton as vice-president,
George R. Spinney as secretary, and J. F. Parr as
superintendent. The oflice will be removed to 310
Pine street. A resolution was passed authorizing
the new directors to compromise the legal differ
ences with the Standard Consolidated Mining
Coropauy.
The weekly letters from the Com stock this week
are unimportant, none of them showing any de
velopments of Interest.
In the Ophir mine on the 1000 level west cross
cut 1, 70 feet north of the Con. California and
Virginia boundary, is in 343 feet. The faco is in
porphyry, clay and low-grade quartz. West cross
cut 1 from the north drift on the same level al *
point 480 feet from the Ophlr shaft station Is in
484 feet. The face is In porphyry carryln g clay
seams. In the old Central Tunnel workings of the
Ophir seams of quartz assaying 91 to $2 per ton
are still being cut.
Bbi t nswick Lode — Con. California and Vir
ginia, Best <fc Belcher and Gould <fe Curry—Bruns
wick Lode— The joint shaft 2 has been sunk 13
feet on the Incline; total depth 237 feet: bottom
In hard porphyry. Still repairing in the Gould &
Curry tunnel; also cutting out for a blower.
SaVage— Brunswick loJe— The joint north drift,
200 level of shaft 1 has been advanced 246 feet to
the Savage Company's south boundary. A joint
west line crosscut was started therefrom on June
9.
Occidental— sso level— The east crosscut from
the lower tunnel which is being run to connect
with the Kdwards shaft Is now in 211 feel, having
been extended 255 feet during the week. The face
of the crosscut is in soft porphyry. 660 level— West
crosscut 2, which was started 2~5 feet souib of the
main winze, is In 406 feet, having been extended
37 feet. The face is In hard porphyry. 750 level—
The upraise started from the north drift is up 40
feet, and shows ore on the banging wall all way
up. The north drift is in 71 fee*; extended during
the week, 17 feet; face In falrgrade ore. The .south
drift from west crosscut has been extended 15 feet;
total length, 66 feet; face in fair grade ore.
HOAlili >ALK3.
Following were th« -*** m the San rntnolfM
Bloc* Board ypst onlay :
BKOTTI.AK MORN rNO SKMTOV roWMUVPr-H? 9:111.
200 A1t*. ......20 200 Crwn Pt..67i1800 Savae.3 10
160 8e1cher. ...74 300 Exchqr...0911350 2.05
350 ... 1.30 100 U AC. .1.45 200 Scorpion.. 10
200 1.85 200 ...... ...1.40 100 8 N0v... .98
100 Bullion... 1400 KAN. 2.25 500 .....96 |
200 . .......... 32300 2.201460 Union ...99
1150 Ch011.. 3.00 1050 Mxcn. 1.051400 ...... 1.00
200 2.96 400 0ccd1...1.4U 100 Utah. .....16
200 2.90700 Ophlr. ..1.90 200 V J»ckt..7O
200 CC4V . ..2.70 200 :... 1.85100 .......68
400 :......... 2.65 1200 Potos.. 1.65 100 .'...69
200 C Point. . . 66 960 ......... 1.60
ArTKRN-OON BKBSION'— 3:3O.
300 A1ta...... 20il00Con 1m...03 400P0t0n...1.65
50 81chr.... 741200 ..'..........04 500 .........1.50
300 731400 C P0int... 63 1400 8af.... 2.10
350 B A 8.. 1.251350 MAC. ...1.40 1400 .... 2.05
550 80die.....69 HAN... 2.05 200 Beg 8.... 20
100 8u11i0n.. .311600 ..... 2.10600 ...'.lB
200 Caleda 18600 L Wash.. .OS 60 NY......97
600Ch0ui...2.H5 8&0 Mex... .1.00,100 98
600 ..... 2.90 400 0ccd.... 1.40 100 Sll Hi 11.. .05
300 CCV 2.80350 0ph1r.. .1.80 700 V JaCK«..67
60 Conn.... 1.36 100 0vrmn...36J100 .....66
50... 1.301500 ......... 34l
following were tne sales in the Paciao atooK
•ouni yesterday : -
; KKfU't.AR BFSStOX — 1D:T1. ■ '
600 Aloha 18 600CC&V...2.60 600 P0t05i..1.60
800 Alia 21 100 Conn.l.37Vi WO .........1.70
300 Ande5. ...42 300 C Imp ....Ui!3oo 1.67Va
300 8e1caer...76100 Crwn Pt...63 600 ........ ..1.«5
100 73 100 ...... :..'.. 6 4 350 1.57 Vi
450 B At... 1.26 400 Excnqr...o9!lsO 1.56
400 .......1.22i, 1000 AC. 1.45 800 «Javg.. ..2.00
800 1.30 750 ...... ....1.50:2100 2.06
700 Bullion... 800 • . .... 1.40 350 2.07 V»
100 ....... 37 150 ...;...J.42V»850 2.10
450 . ........... 32:1100 HAN ..2.30 360 2.02 V«
60 ............ 34 100 ....... 2.27 */* '2oo scorpion.. 10
SJOO 8u1wer...35 550 ... 2.20200 8 NT... .1.00
100 Caled 18:100 ...... ".'L I7 Vi 600 ............96
'-'00 dialing... 46 400 Justice.. 100 Union C..99
9&0 Ch011r.. 3.05 400 Kentuck..O7 300 .......... .98
300 2.96 J1exn...1.101400... ...... 1.00
660 ...........3.00:600 ........ 1.05300 Utah. .....16
100 ...;..... 2.90 100 .1.451400 V JaOKK..64
600 2.80 100 1.37V%300 ....... ....63
600 CCV.... a. 65 100 ....... 1.40300 .......... »8
300 ;..„... 2.70 1200 Ophir.. 185 300 .......... .66
300..........2.75J500 . 1.901100 .......... .67
100 ....... 0Trmn....38
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2: 30.
400 Alßba 19 100 CC«5V. . 2.601400 Mxcn... 1.00
600 Alta 20100 2.66100 96
400 Andes 41 500 2.45J400 Mono 07
150 8e1cher... 73 600 Con Im.. OS 200 Occidtl..l.4o
850 8A8.... 1.25 200 C P0int... 63 300 Ophir. K . 1.80
200 1.151400 G «Jt C. 1.40400 Overnfan. 34
100 Bodie 58200 1.42W300 P0t051...1.65
100 59 100 1.37W150 1.62 Vis
200 8u11i0n... 33; 100 1.33J&i100 150
200 32 100 l.»5;2OO 1.471^
400 Bulwer...3l'loo H4iN2.17Vi450 Savg.VS.o2Va
60Caleda.... 18 200 2.«0i400 2.06
200 Challge... 46 300 2.10 500 3.00
250 Cbollr ...2.80 500 2.05i100 2.07V5,
1200 2.85 100 2.02V2400 1.95
100 2.87 V* 500 Justice.. .o9 400 1.90
100 2.92Va 750 Kentck....O6 600 584 M.....18
350 2.90 200 Mex. .. 1.05 160 Union 99
100 2.75|200 1.02%360 Utah 17
160 Conti.l.32Viiaoo 97115U V Jckt....66
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, June 16—4 p. m.
Bid. Asked., Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 18 '.'O.lulla — 16
Alta. 18 22'Justlce — 10
Andes. 40 41 Kemuclc — 08
Belcher 71 73! Lady Wash.... — 05
Best & Belcherl. 10 1.20 Mexican 98 09
Benton Con 20 —Mono 07 08
Bodie 68 60' Nevada Queen. — 05
Bullion 30 32 Occidental. ...1.35 1.40
Bulwer. 30 -Opbir. 1.70 1.75
Caledonia. 18 19 Overman 33 34
Chollar 2.80 2.85 Potosl 1.45 1.50
Con.Cal.<feVa..2.4s 2.6olsavage 1.95 2.00
Challenge Con. — 44|Scorpioi 10 —
Con. Imperial. 03 04 Seg. Belcher. .. 18 20
Confidence 1.25 — (Syndicate. 04 06
Con New York — lOMlver Hi 11.... 04 06
Crown Point. .. 62 63 Sierra Nevada. 93 95
EastSierraNev — (WUnlonCon 96 96
Exchequer.... 08 09 Utah 16 17
Gould icurry.l. 30 1.35 Yellow Jacket. 61 63
Hale<fc.\orcrs.J.l)6 2.10
GOLD MINING .EXCHANGE.
300 Amalle... 2 50 500 Lockwood Con . 86
Champion 300 36
Bid 2000400 37
Asked 25 00 Providence
200 Edna 45 Bid 60 00
200 48 100 Savannah 39
200 „ 50200 40
200Granu 12 500 - 4^
Kennedy 300 43
Bid 1150200 - 44
Asked 12 00100 - 46
Keystone. 300 Sebastopol 49
Bid 65 001400 60
LOCAI- BECUBITIBS.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron Works 90
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water 6 76
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
KONDAY, June 16—3 p. v.
UNITED HTATBS BONDS.
Hhi. Asked. Bid. Asked,
V H 4s coup.. 108 — US 4s reg...109% —
Do new Issue — 1166/s
MISCKLI.ANK.orft BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. — 113 Pacßoll M6s. — —
CalElecL6s — 122 V, Do Ud is 65... — —
CntraCWßs — 97 P*ORy6a.lo6 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 90 100 P&Lhßyßs. — 108
KdsnL*P6s — 122y a Pwl-st R"RBs. — 116 V%
F4CHHR6S.IO4V2 — Reno, Wr-feL — 105
Geary-stßsß.loiy 2 106 Sacto P <fe L. — 102 i,.%
LosAngL6s. — 100 ISF&N PR ss. 100^1013,4
DoGnteedSs — 103 !Bl'RßAriz6s - 963/ 4
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — iSPRRCaI tis. lOtS^fclll
D011yC0n65..1047 / fclos SPRRCftI 6s. — —
NatVinttslst 95 100 ISPBrRCaIBs. 99Vj100
NevCNgß7s. I*s 105 SVWaterßs.. — 119^
NPCRR6s. — 108 SVWateris.. 98% —
N Ry Cal 6s. 103V4 - StktnG&E6s - 100
NBy Cal 6s. — 100 |SunstT<feT6s-100 —
Oak Gas ss. .101 104Va Sutter-st RSs. 107y, —
Uo2dls6s.. - 106 iVisaliaWCtta — 9i
Omnibus bs. ll«i/4 llHVi'
WATKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 — |San Jose — '_.;:
Marln C 0.... BO — |SprngVaUey 98 88 Vi
• 'e as STOCKS.
Capital. 20 27 | Pad Lieht 47 —
Central 95 — San Francsco 94 943£
Oak (» LA 11 62 »3 Stockton..... — 21V»
PacGaslmp. 85 858/ s
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdl7o — {Sun ft 60
COMMKRCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — iLondonP&A.ias^lSO
Aiißlo-Ca1.... 63% — !London&SF. — 27V,
BankofCal..237V a 2«2V2lMerch Ex... 13 —
Cal 8 D&TCo 64 — l.Nevada — .— ;:
FirstNationLl7B 182V4|Sather B Co. - —
Grangers.... — - |
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
OerSALCo.I37S 1415 Sav&Loan.. — 100
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Security. 250 280
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7so 800
SFSavUnion — 490
BTRKBT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 1)0 Oak SLA Hay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 65 'Presidio 7 —
Marltet-5t.... 44 44V» 'sutter-st — —
POWDKR STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — IHVe Giant Con.:.. 36 ' i 26
Eastern D... — 8-Va Ju.lson 1i.... — —
California.... 75 — VUrorlL — 1
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Piers. - 95y,iNat Yin Co.. 75 85
BlkPCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic S.SCo — 3i^l
Cul Cot Mills — — PrcAnxFA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Llghtl2o 121 Pac Roll Mill — —
Gascon Assn. — — Part PainlCo 6% 7y»
Ger Lead Co. 95 — PacTr-uisCo. — 24
HawC<kßCo.. 20 20% Pac T&T Co. 55 70
Hutch S PCo 24 24i/ a Sunset T&T. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 (United C Co. — 25
SALES— MOR.VIN* BKHKIOV
Board—
60 Contra Costa Water 37 00
$1000 Marlcet-st Railway Con 6% Bonds 106 00
90 Pacific Gas Imp 86 00
Street—
20 Water 97 76
SALES— A FTERXOOX SIS* TOT.
Board— ■
60 Giant Powder Con ; 35 00
60 do do 25 75
130 . do do 26 50
20 do do " 25 62V4
50 S F Gaslight 94 25
36 B V Water ....'. 98 00
Street—
160 Contra Costa Water 37 00
$1000 Karket-st Railway Con 6% Bonds 105 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Peterson, Calistoga J Bergln. Mtn View
a B Butler. Chicago J H Doe. Byron
R C Lake, Merced A J Sutherland, Byron
(5 H Foster, San Rafael A N Adams, New York
Mrs E I) Foster. Boston Mri R McQuiddv, Cal
T Ingram, (.trass Valley Mrs B Hovey, Mass
J Flanagan, Big River Mrs Meßich. Boston
T J McCann. California J S Clilleti, Eureka
J L Del mas Morton J E Baxter. Albuquerque
T Manli-y. Oakland A Nellson, Sacramento
D Mlddleton, Oakland Mrs S B Smith, San Jose
E D West, Denver H M Smith, Pasadena
D Hamaker, Colusa W R Travers A w. Cal
F W Dodd, Santa ('mi L En^el, New York
H B Martin, Nan Jose J M Walling Jr, Cal
Mrs Tom King, Los Ang A Burrows, Grass Valley
Miss N King. Los Ang Al> Bulger, Sacto
M Arthur, Stockton R J Lomax, Paso Robles
N Brewster, Xonviifc D tlreely, Marysville
J Hall, Norwich Mrs J T Porter <fc md, Cal
J F Taylor, Phlla J J Weldon, Ukiah
A M Douglass, NY HA Oay. Concord
Miss Freda Oay .Concord L 1. Felghman. Los Ang
Mrs Felghman, Los Ang W J Pollard, Ueorgia
U Runhosdt, tieorgia
LICK HOUSE.
D W .Icnks. Alturas Miss L Fellows, Eureka
Hon R Linden, Tulare F H Lam;, Salinas
L M Foulke, (roii7.elio.Cal E D Goodrich, New York
V Vianeilo, Austria OJ Woodward «few,Frsno
George X Porter, Cal A H Moore <fe w, Yuba Cy
G R Morrell, Sacramento J Vaughan, Fresno
G Mcßrlde Salinas City Richarl Snow, Redding
T C Starr <fe wf , Ogden Peter Fell & w, Modesto
Mrs A McF White, NY C E Lasher &w, Portlnd
E R Lowe <fe w. Woodland H J Lewelliug, St Helena
R Stevenson, Menlo Park J R Payne, New York
Mrs Browne 1. Woodland M Mugee, Woodland
CliasVir.i, Woodland A Gonzalez, Gonzalez
J P Quint, Sonoma G Hirschman.Santaßosa
P T Doyle, Li vermore H J. Peterson, Sonora
T C Oarrle, Sonora
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Miss A Thomas, Portlnd M A Kilduff, Porland, Or
W C Russell, Berltn. Wis r' W Fromberg, Oregon
LStahman, St Paul.Mlnn Mrs Spencer, Portland
J E Booth, Provo. Utah H Bradgon, Portland, Or
S B Madden, Portiand.Or WR McCormlck.Chicago
J Fo«ar*vV, Sacramento F Simmons, Stockton
C H Polley, Downieville James Lee, Portland
F 8 Yrlgg, Lexington,Mo A J Lowther, Anirel Isld
M Romeo, Seattle F OWeil. New York
A Bracker, Fresno M Marks <fe w. New V ork
F Newell, Delano, Cal 11 Johnson, Sissons, < al
1. Kunili', Dixon J R Peters, Los Angeles
F liOmbard, Los Angeles D Foley, Los Angeles
R D Jansen, Santa Hosa Peter Davis, Merced
Miss E Blley, Sacramnto Jas Martin, Porterville
PALACE HOTEL.
W C Joselyn, Ohio Miss F G Joselyn, Ohio
Mrs A D Rodgers, Ohio Miss Rodgers, Ohio
R E Neil, San Rafael Miss Clark, San Jose
Miss M Clark. San Jose C J Shepard, N V
F A W liner, U 8 N P Bales, France
Mrs E M Ross, I. Angls R E Ross, Los Angel«s
E T Gurchy, san Andrs W McCreery.Burlingame
W E Lester, S Monica General Stemberg.U 8 A
V D Black, Sst'inas J N Burk, San Jose
Mrs Burk, San Jose H Carpenter, Cal
11 E 1- emp. Arizona J R Cbinn, England
B Beer & wf. N Orleans L D Cole <fc wf, Portland
Jos Kraus, NY PA Perry, Boston
C N Beal «& wf, NY L Gundelflnger, Fresno
H G Rowland, Wash
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Daniels, Chicago R S Whitney, Alameda
G D Peters. Oroville J A Peterson, Sta Cms
W F Kobinson, Ohio D H Clark. St Paul
R Warnock. Salt Lake S W Van Eyck, N V
Mrs E Hirsch, Salinas Miss E Uirsch, Salinas
Miss L Hirsch, Salinas J Monheimer. Wisconsin
F J O'Neil, New York S W Gaskell <fe w, Oaklnd
a Lonaber, Los Angeles H W Seaman <fc fm, N V
J Linlieimer, NY' J M Anderson, Stanford
Fiji Tattooing;.
It is quite common in Fiji and Samoa
for a man to bear npon his arm or body a
I certificate of his birth which is practically
1 indelible. Tattooing is carried on in these
islands to an absurd extent, and it is the
practice to tattoo on the hand of a mother
I the date of her children's birtns. Some
times, also, an enthusiastic father will tat
too the date of the birth on the child itself,
and no matter how long it lives, the certifi
cate will remain easily decipherable. In
some adjoining islands every child is tat
tooed, almost from bead to foot, upon its
completing ita twelfth year. The result is
very remarkable, especially if the child is
growing rapidly, so that the spaces be
tween the tattoo marks increase in size
year by year.— New York Mercury.
HE SAVED THE SUGAR
A Traveling Alan's Experience in a
Kansas Rural District.
The traveling man who always "Sun
days" in Kansas City when in the vicinity,
because his best girl lives there, was in a
cheerful frame of mind and told all the
stories he knew. One of them is, perhaps,
worthy of record :
"Last Wednesday," said he, "I was in a
little town down in Kansas. I took lunch
at the only restaurant in the town. I or
dered a dish of strawberries and the waiter
brought me a heaping plate of them.
Fine berries they were, too. I was sur
prised at tke liberal quantity served and
said so."
" 'Cheapest thing we've got,' said the
waiter. •
"When I got ready to eat them, Hooked
around for the powdered sugar. The waiter
came to ma and said: 'Want powdered
sugar?' I said I did. and he went'away
and came back with a little powder gun,
such as they fire insect powder out of, from
which he squirted sugar over and into the
berries.
" 'Powdered sugar's mighty high,' said
he, 'an' berries be mighty cheap. We gen
erally sugar the berries ourselves when
they ask for sugar.'
" 'That's a new one on me,' says I.
it •Well, the boss is mighty close,' says
the waiter, 'an' has got to cut corners to
make a livin'. Some hogs used ter come
in here and put two spoonfuls of sugar on
a plate of berries, an' so he thinks up this
scheme.' "
The powdergun nas its advantages when
one powders on the economical Kansan's
device, because it squirts the sugar into
the crevices and puts some sugar on every
berry instead of all the sugar on the top
berries.— Kansas City Times.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Jdne. 1896.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. 8. Coast ani> ojcodktio StrnvitT Tios't
bcllrtix publisitkd bt OFFICIAL v
. AUTHORITY of THt SUiPKRINTKNDItJfT. )
Tuesday, June 16.
Snnrlswi 4.46 Moon rises
Bun sets 7.35; Moon sets 11 24p It
June -1896.
Mote— ln the above exposition of the tides the
#arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence at to time. The second time
column Rive* the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the lust or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and tb£n the number given Is subtracttve
from Dip <l»nfi> "!v<-n hy he rh:irs
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydboobaphic Offtck, U. S. N., "»
Mkkchants' Exchanok. >
San Fbancihco, Jnne 15, 1896. )
The time bail on Telegraph Hill was dronped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtki.kk,.
Lieutenant V. s. N in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, June 15.
Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, 63 hours from Grays
Harbor: pass and lumber, to X X Wood Lum- 1
ber Co. ■■'
Schr Neptune, Estvold, 4 days from Grays
Harbor; 230 M ft lumber, to S E siade Lumber Co.
Schr S Danielson, Vog«l, 3 days from Siuslaw I
River; lumber. 10 S H Frank A Co. Redwood City '
direct.
Schr .Mayflower, Ostlln, 3 days from Siuslaw
River; 125 Mft lumber, to order
Sailed.
MONDAY. June 15.
U S stmr Monadnock, Sumner, Santa Cruz.
■'.US stmr Philadelphia, Cotton, Santa Cruz.
: Stmr WhitesDoro. Johnson.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
' Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Bktn Monitor, TurldfF, Tacoma.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart. Hearns Landing.
Schr Jennie "lhelln. llansen. Eureka.
: Schr Elvenia, Johnson. Eureka.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson.
Charters.
The ship Glory of the Seas loads coal at Depar
ture Bay for this pore
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, June 15—10 r. H. — Weather
hazy; wind calm.
SpoKen.
June 7— Lat 60 N, long 11 W, Br ship Manches
ter, from Antwerp, tor San Francisco.
No date— ln the Bay of Biscay— Br ship GW
Wolff, from Antwerp, for Oregon.
Uuinestic Ports.
POINT REYES-PassPd June 14-Stmr Na
varro, from Eureka, for Ventura.
ASTORlA— Arrived Juue 15— Schr Eva, from
Eureka.
Sailed Jnne 15-Bktn Uncle John, for San Fran
eisc .
TACOMA— Arrived June 15— Br ship Earl of
Dalhousie, from Antofogasta.
IVERSENS LANDING- Arrived June 15— Scbr
Ocean tsprav hence June 7.
BOWENS" LANDING— Arrived June 15-Sehr
Monterey, hence June 12.
NEWPORT— Arrived June 16-Stmr Caspar, fm
Fort Bragg.
EUREKA— Arrived June 14— U S stm Madrona.
June 15— Stmr Arcata, from Portland.
Sailed June 14-Stmr Farallon, lor Yaquina Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrive 1 June 12— Haw
schr Americana, from East London.
■SANTA CRUZ— Arrived Juue 15— U 8 stmr
Philadelphia, hence May 15.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 15-Stmr Rival, for
San Francisco.
Arrived June 16— 8tmr Newsboy, hence May 13.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 16- stmr Alice B anch
ard, for san Francisco.
BAN PEDRO- Arrived June 15-Stmr Lakme,
from Tacoma: stmr National City, from Eureka.
EUREKA— sailed June 15— atmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
Arrived June 16— Stmr Pomona, hence May 14.
BAN DIEGO-Sallcd June 16-2Ch Jennie Stella
tor Uraya Harbor.
— POINT ARENA-Arrived June la-st m V"Aiss
traz, from Whltesboro, *
Eastern Ports.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER-Bailed j un#
14— Ship Francis, Jor San Francisco. "•
. ForeJc". Port*.
MOLLENDO-Arrlved June s— Br ship city -,
Hankow, trom Port Hadloclc.
YOKOHAMA-Arrlved June 14— Br stmr Belg| 0
be ANT\\*ERP-Arrlved June 11— Br ship Ban
nockburn. hence Jan 12-
HAMBURG-Arrlved June 12-Br ship Andrei*
fr HONGKt"NG-Arrlved June 7-Brstmr Doric,
VA e LPARAISO— Arrived June 13— Br ship La
tbom. from Swansea, for San Francisco for water
DOVER— Passed June 13— Br bark Inverneiu,
from London, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed June 13— Br ship Amulree,
♦or Mar .port: Br ship Balkamah. for Hamburg.
OUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 13— tier bark
Edith, for Bristol: Br bark Powys Castle, for aui
""uaYMAS- Arrived June 14— Schr Beulah, fni
Port Blakeley.
Movements of Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jnne 15— stmr Kaisei
Wilbelm 11. from Naples, Genoa and Gibraltar.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out June la-Stmr
B GIBRALTAR— Arrived out June 15-Stmr Ems.
Sailed June 15-Stmr Werra. for New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed June 15— Stmr Aller, for
vpw York
" PRAWIiB POINT— Jan 15— Stmr Schie
dam, from New York, for Amsterdam. '
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared June 15-Stmr
Pennsylvania, for Antwerp.
Importation*.
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del Norte-1612 bdls
snooks. 325 M ft lumber, 8 pkgs mdse, 1 cord stave
bolts. 1 cs liquor.
POINT ARENA— Per Point Arena— li dressed
hogs, 38 bxs butter. . .
Mendoclno— l coop chickens, 11 pkgs mdse. 6018
railroad ties. . „,
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 27 Kega
30 tubs 109 bxs batter, 11 sks 2 bbls 1 keg meat. I
bx hams, 'i pk?s express, 19 pkgs mdse, 2 horses,
12 sks hides, 8 dressed calves, — M ft lumber.
Co»if»i«rn«»»>«i.
Per Del Norte— E X Wood Lumber Co; Westoa
Basket Mfc Co; M King & Co.
Per Point Arena— Wilson & Baecbtel; Mendoclno
Lumber Co: FBHaight; Baker & Hamilton; It
Heck man * Co: Dairymen's Union; Standard Oil
Co; Ross & Hewlett.
Per Crescent City— Sherry, Avilla . & Co; Albany
Brewery: C EC Whitney A Co: Thomas Lou^hraa;
Hilmer. Bredhoil <fe schulz: Dodi<e. Sweeney* Co;
FB Haight; Standard Oil Co: W B Sumn>-r & Co:
Brewing Co: Wells, Fargo & Co: Marshall
& Remruer-i: F Url it Co: Walter* Co; Garland ifc
Vervalln; . Hobbs, Wall A Co; Walter & Co; RD
Hume & Co: Man. Sadler & Co.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
O. R-^c&j rsr.
ASTORIA AM PORTLANDL
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California sails. ."...June 2, 12 and XI
Columbia sails... June 7, 17 and '11
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. X. .
fcOOJUAjUU J*ERKIN« A CO., r,en\. snpti.
F. V. CONNOR, General Agent,
s . • 6HU Market a:r»et.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COSPASY
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
3Plx-»t Class
Second Class SSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINH 4 CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COHPAI!
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Jtfflm,
0 Broadway wharf, Kan Francisco, as *™***^
follows: __
For Mary Island. Lorin*. WrantteL Juneau. K1I«
Msnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at V a. m., Jane i
13, :8. «8. Juiy .(. 1 <. it. M. \
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma* -Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellin?ham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. M.
Jun- 3 :-■ - . 13. i ■>. 23. US. ana every flrtli
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlta
the C. P. R. R.. at Tacoma with N. P. R. It,
at S"oattl9 with Q. N. Ry.. at Port Townsend with)
Alaska steamers. . .- ,« _.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Utndlne (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. *.. June 9, ii. 10.
14 is '>•£ '.iri 3 ' and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon, Cayuco%
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Unvioia. Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East s«u»
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. it. June
4. h. Vi, 16, '10, '24. i!» and every fourth day tnei*.
SanDleßO, stoppln C only at Port Harforl
(San Lnls Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lew
W^Se^'SS'j- del Caba Mar.at.an. L,
PwT AlttW and Ouayn.as (Mexico). »tr. Orizaba.
10 a. M.7.lune % '27, ui.a«sthor each month there-
Xf TleM office. Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
* tre^OODALI» PERKINS & CO., Geni ARenta, m
10 Market SU Sail Francisco.
_ *
OCEANIC S.S. CO f\ DAYS TC
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, ■ 1 s .«ultr«i».
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
S.S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra es.
S. S. ALA.MI DA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
SouJh Africa.
' J. D. SPRECKELS <fe BROS. CO.. Asrts.'
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
COMPAGME GEHERAL TR.imTLAITiqOI
- • French I_Jn^ to Havr*. ' '-V-
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH A,«
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -fe&^c
this line avoid both transit oy English railway i"u4
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Voric to Alexandria, Erypc, via Paris,
tirst-ciass if' 1>0: seconil-cias.i. $ 1 lbf
I.A TOURAINE. Cnpt. Sautelll.. . .May 23, 8 a. it.
LA NORMANDIE.. ......May J3. 8 a. K.
LA GASCOGNE ,'v c IMb 7 am.
LA NOK i.v.N nil*. July -I, 6 a. U.
LA GASCOGNK.:.. July 25. 11a.m.
LA NORMANDITC. ....Aimust 1, 5 A. U.
LA BOURGOONE, Cnpt. Leb^enf. June 6, 7 a. K.
BjT For further particular* apply to
A.FORUEr. AiirenU
No. 380 mo.i no . Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI * CO., Agents, 5 Montgomaqf
>venue. San Francisco.
WHITE LWB.
United States and Royal Mall Steamer?
BETWEKS '
New York, Queenst own & Liverpool,
SAILING KVJKKY WJSKK.
CABIN. $60 AND UPWARD. ACCORD- «-.
\J me to steamer end accommodations *£*Ssg>
selected; second cabin, «35 and *40: Maj-»i c »u4
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. ■ Tickets,
■Ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
trom W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at iba
General office of the Company, 613 Market street
•adMUimad Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER.
-. ,- ■ ■ . General Agent for Pacific Coast.
<g|^n.K HAIBURG-AMERIi; AI LWB
£S»6s«S»sCHj<ip TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
'^SSSielSgE^- Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, i aris & Hamburg:
F. Bismarck June 26 I Normannia. July 9
Columbia... . . .July 'i lA. Victoria. July 16
I. Cab., $93 and upward; 11. cud., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V 2 h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG- PARIS. 6V2 h.
For passage apply to HaMBURO-AMERICAW
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V., or to KAH.N A HKK-
ZOG, Agents. 401 California St.. San Francisco, CaL
ROYAL MAIL STEAHJACRET COMPAQ.
STFAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >»V
S fortnightly for the West Indies and SSfiSi
RouthaSpton. calling en route at- Cerbourgh.
trance™ nd Plymouth to land passengers. ; r
ThroiiKh bills of ladin«. in connection with the
p»riflc Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and trea..
ore to direct ports In England and Germany.
"Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
rherboure. Southampton. First class, $195; third
eIMS $97 60. For further particulars apply to
Class, v PARROTT * CO., Agents, -
306 California st,
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St«
At 5 V. M. Daily.
Sunday at 7 p. M.-.r/^t:;;
tg- Acconunodatious Reserved by Telephone.
BYj&AMJSjtif:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Uarr»tt. • City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cm. Nay. and Impt. C«
. . , ■ . ~ ' ; ~~~ : — — ~~~*
fALLEJO. MARE ISLASD, IIHCIA, POUf
COSTA m (RIM
STR. JIOXTICEI.LO, .*•;'
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. «,
and i P.it: Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:SU r. mi
Sunday— a r. St.
H*. M-only.
I*adtog, Mluien X, Fit «.THOUSANDS SAVED
BY DESPISED CATS
A Farmer's Happy Experi
ence in the Livermore
Valley.
NO POISON FOR GOPHERS
Colonizing Cats Proves a Perfect
Remedy Against Great
Evils.
NOT A PEST IN SIX YEARS.
Experience That Will Prove of Great
Benefit to Farmers and
Ranchers.
Oaklaxd Office San Feancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 15. f
A new system of protecting potato
ranches and orchards from the ravages of
squirrels and gophers has been tried in
the Livermore Valley and has proved a
great success.
Ths secret of the success is very simple
and consists solely of putting to a prac
tical use the common domestic cat.
Although many of the larger class of
farmers have resorted to poison, few know
or realize the value of a few good cats.
Arthur Small, a well-known farmer in
the eastern part of the county, has experi
mented for six years and is a great ad
mirer of the common cat, and for good
cause.
"Much of the hard-earned profits of the
Jarm go year after year in the expenditure
% for poison, in order to keep squirrels, and
pophers from destroying growing crops.
Not unly in the grainhelds is the work of
these depredators to be found, but also in
the garden, the cotato-patch and the
orchard. In some districts the rancher is
quite unequal to their onslaught, this
species of rodent being so numerically
strong and destructive that the farmer is
deterred from letting his crops ripen into
marketable grain, and is driven to the
necessity of cutting it all for hay in order
to save it.
"I will briefly relate my experience with
cats as an aid in place of poison. Several
years ago, when I first began farming in
my present location, after putting in a
small crop for hay. I planted a half-acre or
so in potatoes, and also a garden. When
the potatoes began to blossom and the
garden was in a nice condition the gophers
and squirrels went to work and cleaned
up everything in the garden-paten and
about half the crop of hay also. The fol
lowing year I planted the same patch in
potatoes and other vegetables, determined
to devise some way to save it from the
squirrels.
"Again the garden and crop grew lux
uriantly, and while I was contemplating
the putting out of poison my observation
became centered on the prompt and effect
ive work of a large cat I had on the ranch.
She had a couple of active kittens in the
barn, and whenever 1 was around I saw
her engaged in catching gophers and
squirrels for the family. As many as ten
squirrels were caught daily. Along with
the feeding of her kittens she was fre
quently waylaid by t!ie dogs, and the
squirrel would be taken from her. But
she was not discouraged and at once re
turned and got a fresh carcass, until both
the dogs and kittens thrived on her in
dustry.
"I did all I could to encourage the cat,
and soon put more to work, and for a long
time they have protected me entirely from
gophers and squirrels. Although there is
unoccupied land around my place, I hava
never used an ounce of poison in as. ex
perience of over six years, and 1 believe I
can show more land cleared up of squirrels
than my neighbors, who have poisoned
for years. I have no trouble with the cau
and no particular system, merely keeping
a box to answer for a home for the kittens,
keeping them out of the house anl only
feeding them in winter. With systematic
management; the despised house cat can
be made of inestimable value to farmers
troubled with these pests."
SECRET POLITICAL CLUBS
Berkeley Now Has Three to
Look After Municipal
Government.
Prospects of Lively Times When
Local Offices Are to Bs
Filled.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 15.— A new se
cret political society, similar to the Civic
F deration of West Berkeley, is said to
have been organized in East Berkeley.
The new society is declared 1o be one
formed for the purpose of taking a hand in
Jocal politics, ana as it is the third club of
the kind in the town, some lively wire
pulling may be txpected when t c time
comes for the election of successors to the
present town officers.
The new club claims fifty-seven mem
bers. Nothing is known of its constitu
tion or officers, other than that its objects
are declared to be to promote good gov
trnment.
■ Berkeley's two other secret political
clubs are the "Civic Federation," which
made its appearance daring the recent
campaign for school bonds, and the Good
Government Club, which has proved a
strong influence in past elections and is
believed to be a great power in the town.
The latter is not wholly secret, its mcm
i ers and officers and its constitution being
known.
■ Accidentally Shot. ,
'. BERKELEY, I'al., June 15.— A mem
ber of a parly of hunters from San Fran
cisco was shot in the neck on Addison
street. The hunter* were making for the
hills to the east of Berkeley, when one of
the guns was accidentally discharged. The
wound inflicted was not serious and the
hunters returned at once to San Francisco.
Suffrage at the Convention.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 15."-Mr . Wil
liam Keith of the Berkeley Citizens' Suf
frage League left this morning to attend
the , Democratic State Convention at Sac
ramento in': the interest of the woman
suffrage movement.
Will Entertain Ladles.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 15.— Peralta
Camp No. 123, Woodmen of the World,
i
will give a "ladies' night" entertainment
to-morrow evening in Woodmen's Hall.
INCOME CURTAILED.
Ladies' Relief Society Will Have to Be
Assisted Through the Tear
Financially.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 15.— Mrs. F. S.
Stratton in her report as recording secre
tary of the Ladies' Relief Society shows
that the prosperity of the homes main
tained by that organization are threatened
and the time has come when the hearty
support of every friend is nteded to carry
them through the year. The repor: says:
At the present time what is our condition?
There is no dividend whatever from the Contra
Costa stock, the Slate has dropped $225 of its
monthly appropriation and our serious inroads
upon bank deposits at the time of building
have decreased by half our interest account,
which melts away toward the zero point as we
gradually kill the goose that lays the golden
egKs. Our buildings are large, sanitary, con
venient and substantial, but they have sadly
taxed our resources. We used not only the in
surance money but contributions personally
urged from friends, the legacy left oy Mrs. de
Fremery and the greater part of that left by
Dr. Merritt. So we are to face the situation
with a present monthly income of $600 and a
monthly expense account of $1100.
THE LYON'S DEFENSE.
Business Man's Son Arrested for I)riv-
me an Advertising Wagon.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 15.— Harvey B.
Lyon the young son of J. L. Lyon, one of
the best-known merchants of tnis city, was
arrested to-day by Japtain Wilson on the
charge of driving a wagon advertising his
father's auction sale.
Years ago there was an ordinance passed
by the City Council prohibiting any one
from carrying banners or advertising de
vices about the streets, but there is noth
ing in it regarding devices on wagons,
and they have been allowed unlimited
range in" that method of advertising.
Colonel Lyon will sppear in court to
morrow as chief advocate for the defense
when the boy's case is called in the Police
Court.
WAITING TO SHOUT.
Republicans Prepare to Ratify Who
ever May Be Nominated at St. Louis.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 15.— The Army
and Navy Republican League of Oakland
will hold a grand ratification meeting at
the Tabernacle on the evening of the day
of the announcement of the nominations
by the Republican National Convention at
St. Louis.
Colonel J. P. MjEtroy, president of the
club, will preside and eminent speakers
are expected to be present. All Republi
can clubs are invited to co-operate and
make the meeting a grand success.
The Army and Navy League will assem
ble at their'clubroom, v 859 Clay street, near
Seventh, under Victoria Hotel, at 7 p. m.
on that evening and march in a body to
the Tabernacle.
Will Now Be Tried.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 15.— Judge Frick
to-day overruled the motion to send the
case of the city of Oakland vs. the Pacific
Postal Telegrapn Company for ground
rent and penalty for the violation of the
ordinance which provides for the collec
tion of such rent and penalty for refusal
to pay the same back to the Police Court.
The demurrer of the defense that the
Police Court did not have jurisdiction, but
the action shoula have been instituted in
a Justice's Court, was also overruled. The
case was set for trial on September 25.
Mrs. Baker's Girl.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 15.— The writ of
habeas corpus sued out Saturday by Mrs.
Susie C. Baker of San Francisco to secure
her child, Grace Estelle Baker, who
ran away and came to her father
in this city and was put in the
Chabot Home, was returned to-day, and
without hearing testimony Judge Ogden
ordered the child into the custody of her
mother, it being admitted that the decree
of divorce awarded her the minor chil
dren.
Davie I* Satisfied.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 15.— Mayor J. L.
Davie will not be a candidate for re-elec
tion. He has found that the position is
not worth the worry. He says: "You can
tell the people that I am not a candidate.
I will not give two years more oi my time
to the city for nothing." The salary of
the officers $3000 a year.
Inter-County Road.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 15.— D. C. Brown
and Wilbur Walker, representing the Mer
chants' Exchange, presented a proposition
to the Supervisors to-day for a road to be
built through Shephprds Canyon along
the side of the hill until it meets the Thorn
hill road in Contra Costa County. The
right of way has been granted by W. J.
Dingee and J. H. Medau, although ihe
latter stipulates that he is to have $600 lor
fencing. The matter was Jaid over until
after the first of July.
KAENTS OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, June 15. ]
The Sunday-schools about Twenty-third ave
nue have united to give a grand picnic at Hay
wards Park to-morrow.
Matt Nichols, the San Jose cyclist and win
ner of the five-mile handicap road race, has
lost the medal won by him at the last meet.
The habeas corpus case in which M. J. Mee
han sought to regain possession of his two chil
dren was dismissed in Judge Ellsworth's court
■this morning because petitioner failed to ap
pear.
Thomas Crellin has placed on record a con
tract with H. E. Brown and John McDonald
for the erection of a residence on Alice and Du
rant streets for $10,000. J. I). Matthews is the
architect.
The Army and Navy Republican League of
Oakland will hold a grand ratification mating
at thf; Tabernacle on the evening of the duy of
the announcement of the nominations by the
Republican National Convention at St. Louis.
Killed Himself With a Penknife.
Edward Rudolph, a tailor living at 414
Jackson street, committed suicide yesterday
morning by cutting his left wrist with a small
penknife. After severing the artery. Rudolph
stretched himself across the bed and slowly
bled to de«th. The deceased had been in ill
health for some time, and his rash act is sup
posed to be due to despondency.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1896.
Down the Steep Grade Flew the Heavy Double-Decked Car, and While Passengers Waited and
Wondered the Man Who Should Have Looked Out for Their Lives at the Brake Was Collecting
Nickels on the Upper Deck.
TRUSTING LIFE
TO MERE CHANCE
Wild Midnight Ride on
the Highland Park
Railroad.
FLEW DOWN A GRADE.
The Motorman Was Collecting
Nickels on the Upper
Deck.
NOT A HAND NEAR THE BRAKES
Women Anxiously Watched the
Heavy Car Approach a Dan
gerous Curve.
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,[
908 Broadway, June 15. j
Everything is ready for a fearful accident
at Buelah Park, and if it should occur the
loss of life will be great.
Last night about fifty passengers expe
rienced the wildest ride on an electric-car
that they ever bad in their lives, or will
ever willingly take again. For several
minutes they flew through the air entirely
at the mercy of a steep grade and chance.
The cars have been taking such journeys
quite often, but this particular ride will
not soon be forgotten. Sensible people
will hardly credit that such a practice is
tolerated anywhere.
At 11 o'clock at night car No. 6 loaded
up with passengers at the entrance to Beu
lah Park. This car is a monster affair and
both decks were well patronized. The
majority of them were women, and not a
few had young children with them. After
a start was made the motorman-conductor
left his post and went into the body of tne
car to take up the fare 3.
Just after leaving the park there is a
steep grade with a swerve that ends at the
Commerce-street power-house. The car
gained rapid momentum and everybody
looked fearfully at the track, not knowing
how soon a rock or some obstacle might
be encountered.
After taking up the fares in the body of
the car the motorman, to everybody's sur
prise and horror, rushed to the upper d ck.
The car increased its speed as it flew by
the masts, and not a hand was there to
check it.
"Where is the motorman?" yelled one
woman. But he did not hear; he was on
the top of the car collecting nickels.
After rushing through tne air for orer a
mile at a speed that caused people to hold
their breath a curve was sighted.
EMIL NUSBAUMER.
"Oh, mamma." said a young lady to her
parent, "will he stop this car before it
strikes that curve?"
Ju*t as the wheels struck the curve the
motorman rushed down stairs, through
the car and grabbed the brake, to the in
expressible relief of everybody. It is im
possible to estimate the speed at which the
car was traveling, but it was far greater
than any car ever travels when a motor
man is on duty.
This road is one that needs particular
care. It runs through a lonely part of the
county and tramps are frequently in that
neighborhood. A few months ago the
roadbed was obstructed three times in one
nieht, and it was attributed to tramps.
Should anything of the kirid occur when
the motorman is away from his post the
immense car would be ditched to a cer
tainty and a fearful fatality would follow.
Had there been a few more nickels to
collect last night on the top deck the car
would have struck the curve before its wild
flight was arrested, and it is only a few
days since a car in East Oakland struck a
curve and seriously wounded several peo
ple. And this was on an upgrade.
At the present time there is a largely
attended camp-meeting in progress at
Beulah Park and the cars of the Highland
Park road are frequently loaded to dis
comfort. Some of the cars are tne heaviest
of the kind in the country. They have
two decks and an awning over the upper
deck. When the upper deck is loaded the
leverage is great, but it is always consid
ered safe on account of the great weight of
the motors between the wheels.
For a long time there has only been one
man to run these heavy electric cars. The
patrons have often complained Dut with
no result. An ordinance that was recently
considered by the City Council which
made it imperative on street car compan
ies to have two men on each car, but the
measure was not finally passed.
NEWS FROM ALAMEDA
Fleming's Injunction Suit Is to
Be Determined on
June 25.
Fire in an Unoccupied Dwelling.
School Principals Are Worried
Over Politics.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 15.— Joseph A.
Leonard of the J. A. Leonard Company
has been attached by Gray Bros, in the
sum of $996, ior work done on his new
house on Union street. Mr. Leonard says
the whole trouble has arisen because Gray
Bros, have not performed their part of the
work satisfactorily and he does not pro
pose to pay them until it is done in ac
cordance with the agreement.
The Electric Light Question.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 15.— The origi
nal injunction suit of J. T. Fleming
auainst the Alameda City Trustees will be
heard on Thur.-dav, June 25. The injunc
tion suit of F. N. Delanoy to restrain the
Street Superintendent from pulling up
the poles Delanoy has been setting along
the streets witbout a permit will come up
for argi**tnt on Monday, June 22.
City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 15.— At a meet
ing of the City Trustees this ev rung ac
counts to the amount of $2572 were
passed for payment. The property-holders
adjacent to Versailles avenue protested
against the opening of that avenue to Har
rison avenue. After consideration it was
decided to uphold the protest.
A Suspicious Fire.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 15.— A fire was
discovered under the rear porch of an un
occupied two-story dwelling owned by G.
B. flollenbeck, 1024 Regent street, at 2
o'clock tnis morning. The fire was
quenched by the Webb-street chemical
engine with a less to the owner of about
160.
One Head to 1 all.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 15.— The princi
pals of the various schools held a meeting
this morning to arrange the several mat
ters to be brought before the Education
Board to-morrow evening, when the
services of at least one principal are to be
dispensed with.
Caught Selling Bogus Coin.
George Meyers attempted to sell a counter
felt $10 piece yesterday morning, when Offi
cers -Norman and Cavanaugh took him in
charge and hustled him to the office of Secret
Service Agent Harris. Tlmt gentleman de
cidi-d thut tnere was no law preventing a per
son from selling a counterfeit and ordered
Meyers released. The coin appears to be made
of brass, but is heavily plated. It has a fafrly
good ring and might easily pass for the gen
uine article. Meyers said he got the coin from
a friend, mid as he needed a little ready ensh
he concluded to sell it.
rim-nix Club to Meet.
The Phoenix Club will meet to-night at Scot
tish Hull, 111 Larkln street, to make arrange
ments for participating in the grand ratifica
tion meeting to be held immediately upon the
announcement oi the Presidential nomiua
tions at St. Louis.
ENCOURAGED TO
TELL THE TRUTH
An Ambitious Father's Joke
Proves a Big Boom
erang.
WHIPPED AT FRUITVALE
But It Was All Done in Fun
by Disappointed
Friends.
FAILED TO SEE TRIPLETS
After They Had Gone to the Trouble
of Buying Presents and Making
a Call.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. June 15. j
A man was horsewhipped last evening
on the Redwood road, and a deputy con
stable went to the scene in a hurry, but
found that he was too late.
The victim of the encounter was John
Harwood, and it will be a long time before
he again resorts to practical joking when
telling his neighbors about additions to
his family.
About a week ago a little boy made its
appearance at tne Harwood home, which
is a pretty little place on the Redwood
road. Harwood lelt very proud, natur
ally, and when he went downtown he
told his friends. The conversation was
something like this:
"Well, Harwood, shake I What is it?"
"Boy," said Harwood dejectedly.
"That's nothing," said the friend.
"And two girls," said Harwood more de
jectedly. ■
The story that triplets had arrived in tne
neighborhood was generously circulated.
It was construed as a i appy omen for the
district, and a general surprise party was
immediately arranged for. Harwood's
friends and relatives joined hands, and
bought presents for the happy youngsters
and the happier parents. They went to
the house expecting to have considerable
fun and merry-making.
Yesterday afternoon was the time set
for the picnic, and accordingly all went to
the Harwood home under the guidance of
Mrs. Smith, a sister-in-law.
They saw Mrs. Harwood, but to their
great sorrow and surprise there waß only
one baby, a brignt little boy. Inquiry was
made for the others, and the mother
quietly, and withal somewhat indignantly,
replied that one was all.
Then the chagrined visitors told of what
they had heard and departed. On their
way to the Fruitvale cars they knew they
would meet Harwood returning from his
work. He always rides a bicycle to and
from town and so the disappointed friends
quickly hit upon a plan to return the
practical joke played on them. Some of
the ladies who were little known to Har
wood armed themselves with switches and
sunshades and laid in wait.
As soon as Harwood approached the
ladies rushed upon him and commenced
to belabor him with their weapons. Ha
was not hurt and after a few moments he
detected the joKe. Some farmers who
were passsing went to his assistance but
found that their services were not needed.
However, they reported the matter and
the Fruitvale constable went post-haste to
the scene. There was nothing to see, but a
little of what newspaper men call "dig
ging" brought out the truth.
A Dead- head Cat.
The most unusual trip that a cat ever
r i ade voluntarily was made by a Dunellen
(N. J.) cat yesterday. When the early
morning train on the Central Railroad was
standing at Dunellen a large white cat,
which was chased by a dog, ran under one
of the cars and jumped upon a truck near
the king-bolt, close under the car floor.
The train was soon started and the cat
still remained there. When the train was
ready to start back irora Jersey City at 5
o'clock in the afternoon, Charles Dodwell,
the conductor who brings it back to Dun
ellin, saw the cat still on the trucks and
thought if she was enjoying the ride he
would not ask for her ticket.
She came home in the same seat. When
the train arrived in Dunellen the cat
jumped from her perch and scampered off*
Auction Sales
A. L CRESSWELL, AUCTIONEER.
THIS DAY,
Tuesday June 16, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
141OBush St. , bet. Folk and Van Ness,
I WILL SELL
THE ELEGANT MAHOGANY FURNITURE,
Consisting of Parlor, Oak Chamber and Dinin:;-
room Furniture, firm-class uew Model Kan«e 1.1
perfect order, together with an immense lot of
other goods. No reserve. No limit.
A. L. cHF.sswkll. Auctioneer.
A CALL FOR PRIMARIES.
To Be Held in the Third Con
gressional District
August 15.
It Is Preparatory to the Nomination
of a Candidate on August 22
The Conditions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 15. j
The new Congressional Committee has |
issued a call for Republican primaries, to j
beheld in all the counties of the Third |
Congressional District on August" 15,
trie polls to be opened from 2 to 7:30 p. m.
in counties other than Alameda, where
they will remain open from 2 to 8 p. m., to
provide for the election of delegates to a
Republican Congressional District Con
vention to convene at Vallejo on August
22, at 11 a. m., for the purpose of nomina
ting a candidate for Congress, choDsintj a
Congressional Committee and transacting j
sued other business as properly apper- j
tains to a Congressional District Conven- i
tion.
By the terms of the call the delegates to
the convention are to be chosen in each
county under the direction of the Repub- I
lican County Committee in each county, j
The basis of representation is to be one
delegate for every 200 votes and fraction
of over a half cast for Hon. M. M. Estee ;
for Governor, which apportionment gives
Lake County 3 delegates, Glenn 3, Colusa
4, Contra Costa 9, Bolano 12, Yolo 7 and j
AlameJa 47.
The delegates from Alameda County are
to be chosen directly from the precincts,
by primary elections, established as pro- j
vided, and in tne other counties from dis- |
tricts to be designated or by means of a |
county convention, as may be determined
by each County Committee of tne several
counties other than Alameda.
The test crescribed as to the right of a
person to vote at the primaries is that he is ;
a qualified elector of the precinct where he
offers his vote and for seven days has been |
on the great register, arid shall swear, if |
challenged, that he believes in the princi- |
pies of tne Republican part;', and intends
to vote for ana support its candidates,
National and Congressional, in the jSo
vember election, 189ti, and that he has not
before voted anywhere at said primaries
or at primary elections' held by any other
party.
The number of precincts and polling
places in each county are to be designated
by the several county committees. In
Alameda County the voting precincts for
the primaries are to be established and
designated upon the boundary lines of the
election precincts now existing, as estab
lished by the Board of Supervisors, and
are to be so established that there will be
at least one polling place and voting pre- |
cinct in any given territory for every 200
voters and fraction over 100. ,
Outside of Alameda County the several
county committees are to designate and
announce the precincts, polling-places and
officers of election for the same at least
two weeks before the date set for the
primaries. In Alameda County the
primaries are to be conducted under the
general direction of the Republican j
County Central Committee. Each pre- j
cinct and polling-place is to have two I
judges, one inspector and two tally clerks; j
one judge and one tally clerk, in the inter- j
est of harmony in the party ranks of A!a- ;
meda County, is to be named by the
Cotinty Central Committee and the other
judge and tally clerk by the members of
the Congressional Committee for Alameda
County, and the inspectors are to be ;
named alternately for alternate primary
precincts and polling-places by the same i
parties. The majority of the judges and !
inspector to pass upon all challenges.
The ballots to be used are to be of white
paper 4xß inches. All returns are to be j
sent to the secretary under seal within j
IwLJL WmW• wv M ■
CIUS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS'
Salesrooms— 'l 35 Market Street,
Between Seventh and eighth. P.escular Saiedays,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 701.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday June 16, 1896,
At Id O'clock a. M. at salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth.
\VK WII.I. SKI.I,
Klecrant line of i uruitue: carpets: 1 Uprijtnt
Piano: Bar Counter; Demijohns; Bicycle: 1 Iron
saie. CiIAS. LKVV it CO., Auctioneers.
PAVILIOX AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Sutter St.. Above (irant Aye.
SFZiCIAL £!^.Xj33
AT SALESROOM THIS DAT,
Tuesday....... ■ June 16, 1896,
AT 10:30. If., 1 wii.i. ski. l,
The elegant furnishings of a 14-room residence,
removed to salesroom for convenience of sale,
■ consisting of
Grand Parlor Furniture: Draperies; Mirrors and
Pictures-; magnificent Chamber suns in oak, wal-
nut, birch and mahogany: Sideboards: Extension
'lubies; Chairs: Dishes; Stoves; Carpets, etc.
....ALSO.'...
Stock of 1000 yards seasonable merchant tailor's
Cloth; Tables; swiiiw-i 111? Mirror; Safe; Patterns;
DesK and Tailors' Findings.
.-■■-. ■•.'■■ . S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
two days alter the primaries, or the cre
dentials where conventions are held.
Contests must be verified to the secretary
on or before August 20, and in counties
electing delegates no contesting delega
tion is to be placed upon the temporary
roll, but the matter referred to the Con
gressional Convention.
The call is accompanied by an address
from the committee setting forth the
steps that led up to the primary contest at
the recent tftatr; Convention and their ap
pointment, and the more recent efforts to
harmonize all the conflicting elements in
this county and the relusal of the Repub
lican County Central Committee to recog
nize their efforts last Saturday, when they
appealed to the State Committee.
Lakeview Foreclosure Suit.
A foreclosure suit has been brought by H.
Wadsworth against J. V. McCarthy, Adolph
Sutro and others upon the property in Lake
view still under the lnortgHees. While the
suit is nominally asaiii6t hutro. the orijdiiHl
mortgagee, ana J. P. McCarthy, the original
mortgagor, it is in effect against the remain
ing portion of the property owned by others
who have not paid their proportion of the
mortgage, as the McCarthys and Sutro do
not now own the property involved.
ufifit-
ipoiOT
A smart Broadway New
York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAHIA.NA BITTKKS, Tiltf
great Mexican Kerned/; elves ttealU »u4
bireugiii to the Sexual Orjjua*
y^^ l^ Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L-Jl*)-'.") KKAK.VY ST. Established
■nrH '" '*•»•• for the treatment of Private
HBi Jf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
iß| disease wearingon bodyandmindand
». 'fn* H Skin Diseases. 'I doctorcureswheii
Try him. Charges low.
I»WHBH<'>> euaran I «•••«!. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. «. I ltlJ<>.\. Box l»s7,San Franciaca
1314
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Curtis H. Kimball and H. H. and Lillian .
Wine er to J A. \v ilk ins, lot on b Imp of Turk
street, 109 Bof Van Ness avenue, E 27:6 by S
* liarl- s P- and Mary E. Hams to Ralph P. Meril
lion, lot on X line of Buchanan street, 137:6 N of
Bnsn, -V 25 by E 110; *10.
M. and Catherine Kavanaugh to Mary B. Ebner,
lo- on fc line of Steiuer street, J9B « Of Hayes, N
22:3 by t. 75; $10.
Reb»cca r. Meyers to R. C. Meyers, all interest
!n lot on SE corner of Geary and Devisadero
streets, s 27:6 by X 100: $10.'
same 10 siime, lot ou SW line of Fifth street, 80
PR of Howard, SE 25 by SW 93: .$lO.
Robert C. Meyers to Esther Meyers, lot on SW
line of Fifth street. 80 sE of Howard, SE 25 by
SW 93- also lot on HE corner of Geary and Devis
dero steeds. S 27:6 by E 100: gift.
Leopold S. Bachman, guardian of David S. and
Blanche R. Bachman. to Joseph B.Crockett, all in
terest in lot on s line of Post s reet, K>7:6 W of
Powell. 27:6 by S 137:6; $2315.
Joseph B. and Caroline M. Crockett to San Fran
cisco Has Lleht Company, same: $10.
John M. Weea to Andrew hauler, loi on W line
of second avenue, 200 s of Peeth (California
street South). S 25 b. W 120; $10.
\V. C. and Elizabeth A. Watson (by R. I. i
Whelan. Sheriff to J. S. Reid, lot of sk corner of
H street and Third avenue, X 57:6 by S liO: also i
lot on NX corner of Hugo street und Third uvenue.
E 1H2:6 by N 95; also lot on NW corner of Q !
street and Twenty-sixth averue, N 100 by w 12©;
Augustus R. Totheron to Isabella T. Burto, lot
on NW corner of N street and Eighth avenue, \V
•.'4O. N 4*B, E 120, S 81, E 130, S :W7: aUo 10-. on
NW corner of L street and Twelfth avenue, W
120 N 97, E 120:3. S 91; also lot on NW corner of
1> street and Eleventh avenue, W 120 by X 60;
sunnyside Land Comuany and California Title
Insurance and Trost Company to C. H. and Anna
Buehn, lot 7, block 35, Sunnyside; $10.
John J. and Mary A. Ward to I. N. Rosekrans, !
lot on NE line of Miguel stieet, 2f> SE of Arling- ;
ton, SE 25 by NE 100. block 36. Fairmount; $10. I
W. K. Van Alen to Arie Van Wie, lot 45, Bernal
Homestead; $10. __
Arie Van Wie to Henry Van W ie, same; $10.
Daniel P. Dolan to Cecelia A. Dolan, lot on XW
corner of Nevada and Courtland avenue, N 65,
V 99:9, 566. E100: $10.
Julias and Margar-Hha Weber to Felix McMa
hon, lot on N line of Karallon street, _50 E of Ply
moatb. E 25 by N 125, block N, Railroad Home
stead Association: $10.
AI.AMKI>A COUNTY.
Isaac Hyman to Dora Hyman. lot on 8 line of
Third street, 12ft E of Harrison, E 25 by S 100,
being lot 11, block 15, Oakland: $10.
Edouard Auroux to Oliver L. Jones, lot 13. block
203, Oakland ; $5.
l;<-hecca H. and Albert Waddell to Win field A.
I>awes, lots 21 to 24, bloctc 3, Map of the Allen
dale Tract, warranty desd, Brooklyn Township:
?10.
Augustine and Frances S. Bernal to same, same,
Murray Township: $10.
Hanna Nunan to Mary E. Dearinu. lot begin
ning at <» point 145 S from S line of Ninth str.et,
100 X from East Peralta street. E 30. X 65, W 30,
S 65 to begiuniug, subject to a mortgage to Ger
man Savins and Loan society: $10.
Jolia B. McMullen. Abble and William P. Wehrle
to Oakland Building and Loan Association, lot on
NX line of East Twenty-second street, 127:6 NW
of Twenty-firit avenue. NW 25 by NX 140. being
lo: 40, map of of block 73. Northern
Addition to Brooklyn, Eas". Oakland; $5.
John G. and B. Klumpke to Marion Biggs Jr.,
lots 2 and 3, Map of Piedmont Terrace, Oakland
Township, quitclaim deed: $5.
Benancio Arias to Francisco Figone, lot 17,
block D, Klinkuervllle Tract, Oakland Township:
*10.
Matilda A. Daly, wife of James E. Daly, to
Thontas Hutton and James Low, lots 23 and 24.
block L, Hemphiil Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
J. J. and Essie C. O'Hourke to James Keniiey,
lots 75 and 76, map of the Rose Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Hirsch Bros, with Robert Currie. to erect a two
story buildin* on \V line of Stockton street. 40 N
of Vallejo. $6400: Salsfield <fc Koblberg, archi
tects.
Same with Henry Hufscbmidt, plumbing and
gasfltting on same. $675 r same architects.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix
no Market street, open until 12 o clock everj
eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
torner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opM
antil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 8 o'clock.
116 Math street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. jT~
»—^ R. A. M., will meet THIS (TUES- A
DAY' EVENING, June 16. at 7 :30 o:clock.
Stated meeting and ■M. M. decree. By 'Hr '
order of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec
B£— = PACIFIC LODGE NO. 36, F. AND __
tt^—^ A M., 121 Eddy st., meets THlsA_
(TUESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Tgijf
Second D. GEO. PENLINGTON, Sec /V'
GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. SO, ft
Sf^ F. and A. Called meeting THlS __\_
(TUESDAY) EVENING, June 16, at 7:3O TB__T
o'clock. DI. r^f\
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
■bsp FRANCO-AMERICAN
E>J^ Lod?e No. 207. I. O. <). t\— The 4?gsi£_:
officers and members are requested to '=35g<8*si?'
n.eet at their hall, THURSDAY, "»""*
June 18. at 8 o'clock p. M. Memorial services will
be in memory of the deceased brothers.
TH. SEHaBIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavigne, Secretary.
Bf^S= A. O. H. DIVISION 2— A SPK-Jfej*-^
IF*' clal meeting of this division will be \?\A\y
held on WEDNESDAY EVENING. June ©wjf
17, at 8 o'clock, in Hibernia Hall, for ther^-lijC*
purpose of completing arrangements fori^Br
our "General cmc," to be held in El Cam on
the 120 th anniversary of our Independence and
disenthrallment from the yoke of our unrelenting
foe, England- Tickets .of admission to the picnic
will be distributed at this meeting. The newly
elected State officers will be present and tell all
about our late State Convention and other matters
of National importance. Candidates seeking ad-
mission will please attend. Sojourning brothers
are cordially invited.
BARTLY LEE, President.
John Kenny, Recording Secretary.
jfr~S= THE ANNUAL PICNIC OF-*h~*'
*&-& the Ancient Order of Foresters and 7&l[
Compaions of the Forest of San Francisco, Jt'\
Oakland and San Jose will be held at Agri- fc__J
cultural Park, San Jose, on WEDNESDAY, June
17, 1896. T»ke narrow-gauge ferry, foot of Mar-
ket st., at 8:45 a.m., or broad-gauge train, bird
and Townsend sts.. at 9 a. m. Tickets are g od
either way. Broad-gauge train stops at Twenty-
fifth and Valencia sts., Menlo Park, Redwood City
and Palo Alto. Tickets can be had at the office of
the per. sec, John Falconer, 102 O'Farrell St., or
at the depots on the day of the picnic. •
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
jtßip^Dß^iioL- MA 5f AS _T_INQUIBT— B— -
W*-? moved to 1370 Market su ; poor treated free.
»t^E=" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
•*"' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Coiled ion Co., 415 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
|tgg= COFF_Y'S COLLECTION CO.. 235
\£*£r Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
mVIIJENTJ NOTICES.
irS?~DT vidTsnlTmStic e^di 'esvTso'.
•-* ' 32 (-.5 cents per share) of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market su', on and
after SATURDAY, June 20, 1896. Transfer-
books will close Saturday, June 13, 1896. at 12
o'clock m. K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS IVANTED-FEMALE.
TVTEAT COMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN. WITH
Xi a girl 3 years, desires situation as housekeeper:
city or country, references. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
PANISH YOUNG LADY WISHES SITUA-
tion »s housekeeper: wages $25 to $30 per
month: no objection to a child. Call 1016 Pacific.
WEDISH UIRL WISHES TO DO GENARAL
O housework in a small American family. Please
call at 204 Seventh st. .
(> ERM AN WOMAN WANTS 1 O DO WASH-
X Ing, ironing and housecleaning. Address or
call 2 Precita aye.
RKSSMAKER, GOOD FITTER, WANTS EN
gagements in families: is accustomed to good-
work; $1 per day. Address G.W.,' box 14, Call
Office. 1
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS CARE OF
\j furnished rooms: not afraid of work. Ad-
dress E. A. D., 1231 Market st,
S HOUSEKEEPER FOR SMALL FAMILY;
no washin ir or Ironing. , Address MRS. W. A.
LEWIS, box 60. Call Office:
pEKMAN CHIEF COOK WANTS POSITION
vT in private famil. or first-class boarding-house;
fine references. Address C F., box 33, Call Office.
ANTED, BY A CAPABLE WOMAN, POSl-
tion as a working housekeeper, or would do
general housework in a small family: city or
country: is a good cook and laundress; good refer-
ence. Apply for 3 days at 747 Howard st.
TRONO COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS
0 any kind of washing, ironing or housecleaning
by the day. Call or address 731 Folsom st.
BY SWEDISH GIRL, Pi ACE TO DO HOUSE,
X> work or cooking. Call 790 Stevenson su, near
Ninth. . ■■ .-
POSITION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
X by American I lady with 1 child. Address E.
W., box 105, Call Office.
/COMPETENT REFINED DANISH GIRL
\J desires situation to do second work and sewing
or us lady's nurse: first-class references. Please
call from 10 to 3, 1623 Pine st.
OWE DISH GIRL WANTS A POSITION TO DO
og< neral housework: $20 a month. Address
541 Stevenson st., rc_>r.
ESPECTABLE EASTERN WOMAN TO DO
J V general housework: small family: willing to
wash 01 cure for baby or plain rooking or worn of
any kind by the day. Call 810 Howard, off Fourth.
T>T LIABLE YOUNG WOM A N WISHES A
It situation to do general housework. 1609 Geary.
OING WOMAN WISHES A SITUATI N AT
X anything but washing or cooking; sleep home.
Call 1118 Howard St., top flau
VOUNGLADY WOULD LIKE LIGHT HOUSE-
-1 work or cbamberwork. Address 408 Eleventh.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
XPERIENCED NURSE FROM NEW YORK
would like to get a few places as nurse in con-
finement- terms reasonable. Address Nurse, 108
Sixth street, room 9; if out leave address.
— ikl7~wants~a situation general
housework: good, English cook; city refer-
ences. 10 Wet more place, off Washington, bet.
Powell and Mason.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES POSITION
to do housework; city or country; scotch
Protestant; good references: good worker: $8 to
$10 month. 359 Minna St., nr. Fifth.
EXPERIENCED NURoE WOULD LIKE .TO
.Vj get some more cases in continent' nt or as
child's nurse; best of references; very cheap. Ad-
dress Nurse, 735 Folsom St.: if out leave address.
V A RELIABLE GERMAN WOMAN IN EX-
change for unfurnished room and board, to do
sewing or care of invalid, or any kind of light
work during morning and part of afternoon: ar-
rangement can be made an lady desires. MRS.
E. D., Ashbury St., near Haves, basement. •
FIRST-CLAS~S CHAMBERMAID WANTS
_T situation lv hotel or lodging-house. Please call
at 681 Mission st., room 26.
POOD COOK AND BAKER wants A situ-
VJT a'.ionin hotel or boarding-house: city or coun-
try. Please call or address 545 Mission st.
_ÜBBT-C_ABS FITTER. STYLISH DRAPER
JT and designer, thorough dressmaker; by the
day. Mis-- I.W ICK, 111 Grove st.
V YOUNG GIRL. GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
Call at 1033 Ellis St., corner Gough. '
SITUATION WANTED BY WOMAN LATE-
-0 ly from the East: is a good cook and laun-
dress; understands English and American cook-
ing; or will do housework. Call or address 368
Minna a-, between Fourth and Fifth.
RESSMAKER. ACCUSTOMED TO THE
U finest work, wants work in families; city or
country. Address 704 O'Farrell su
EFINED AND EXPERIENCED NURSE
il desires a situation: capable of taking entire
charge of an infant; city or country. 730 Golden
Gate aye. '
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
ido light housework or mind children. 1123
Sorter st.
/COMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION,
\J housework and cooking. Call at fruitstore,
corner Oak and Scott sts.
T7IRST-CLABS MACHINE OPERATOR ON
x any machine, or will do any kind of work from
Bto 5. Call between 11 and 4. 9 Russ st. .
LDERLY LADY WANTS LIGHT HOUSE-
w> rk. chamber work or mind children. Call
142 Eighth St., near Howard.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO
keep house for a party of gentleman in the
country: no triflers need apply; many years' refer-
ences. Call or address 364 Jessie st.
ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG widow WANTS
A. a position as Housekeeper: city or country.
Call or address 3033 Sixteenth st.
ELDERLY AMERICAN WOMAN" WOULD
Hi like situation in family for light housework;
sewing; small wages 625 Chestnut St., Oakland.
■\rOUNO WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper, city or country. Address MRS.
8., 240 Harriett St., off Harrison. /
THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WILL GO OUT
X by the day or work at home: fit guaranteed;
reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye.
NUMBER OF FIRST-CLASS SWEDISH-
and German girls waiting for situations at
Swedish Employment Office. 315 Sutter st.
pERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION IN
VJT small American family. New Atlantic Hotel,
207 Montgomery are.
m ANTED- BY CAPABLE WOMAN, GEN-
TT eral housework in American family ; country
or city. 331 V» Howard su ;■,'■,.-.
YOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
' 1 stenographer, typewriter and bookkeeper: ref-
erence; salary no object. Address S. A. G., Call
Branch, 713 Larkin st.
VOUXG GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
X general housework. Call at 1909 Stevenson st.,
near Twentieth.
pOMPETENT DRESSMAKER WISHES A
V fe more engagements by the day at $2: will
take work home. 417 Larkin su, room 37.
"VI OTHER AND DAUGHTER ANT TO
lX take charge of re-iidence while owner is away
in the country. Address 1425 Howard st. •
ITUATION wanted BY A YOUNG <;irl
to do general housework and plain cooking.
•216 Fi»h st. j
ESPECTABLE IRISH GIRL WANTS BITU-
XV ation to do upstairs work, sewing and waiting:
can be highly recommended. Address 913 East
Fifteenth St., East Oakland. |
yOUNO LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X traveling companion. Call 706 Ellis st. ring 2-
bells.
Vl' ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
IT companion or nurse to a lady; domesticated
and fond of children. 8., box 1, Call Office.
QITUATION WANTED BY"a RELIABLE
O woman to do housework: is a good cook; will
do washing. 924 Washington si., near Powell.
VOUXii GERMAN WOMAN, WITH A BABY.
X wishes situation, in city or country. Inquire
207 Montgomery aye.
VTEAT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
i-N to do upstairs work and sewing. Call or ad-
dress 2505 Mission .st.
\\' INCHES 1 EH HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MAI-E.
HUNTER _^Co7TchTnEBE XniH^PANESE
employment office, 17 Webb su, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
HINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY &CO.. 640 Clay.
C. CJ. COOK'S SOI/. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
• branches -.short notice. :4Gearr. tel.Grant43.
W. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office, 637 Commercial:. tel. black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
J office: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
/Chinese AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
Vj office; best help. 414 O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
ArOUNG MAN WANTS A PLACE IN ME-
X chanical drawing; experience in tracing. Ad-
dress L. C . box 84, Call office.
VOUSU MAN. GOOD ACCOUNTANT, FOUR
X years' experience, quick and accurate, desires
clerical position: Al references. Address C. P.,
box 134. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN
O couple with 1 girl 3 years old; man good ranch
hand, handy with tools, can milk; wife good cook
and dressmaker. Address G. C, box 1 6, Call Office.
ELIABLE MAN WISHES POSITION AS
xt porter; willing to do anything: speaks English,
German and French: bandy with tools. Address
Reliable, box 102, Call Office.
1 "VTOUNG NAN, 18, STEADY HABIT *, NO
: X vices, wants employment; occupation more
the object than wages. Address C. D. E., box 8,
I Call Office.
ANTED-BY A GOOD HARNESS-MAKER,
a job in a good shop out of town. Address
Harness-maker, box 134, Call Office.
MAX AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
man understands general work on urivate
place, horses, cattle, poultry: wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; . reierences.
Address T. 8.. box 63, Cull Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY JAPANESE
man and wife; first-class cook: wife to wait on
table and do general housework ; first-class refer-
ence. S. X.. box 30, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN EXPERIENCED IN BOOK-
x keeping, shorthand and typewriting aDd good
penman desires a position. Address J. L., box
151, Call Office. -
YOUNG JAPANESE, NEAT AND FAITH-
-1 f ul, desires situation to do general housework.
S. MOBY, 709 Geary st. ,
POSITION WANTED ON RAi^CH BY YOUNG
X married man: thoroughly understands stock;
best references as to character and ability. Ad-
dress 11. P., box 146. CalL
p AKDENER, PRACTICAL, OR MAN ABOUT
\T place, wishes situation; . excellent references.
Address Gardener, 417 Kearny su '
ANTED— POSITION AS SALESMAN OR
TT bookkeeper by man experienced In merchan-
dising: best of references. Address J. P. S., 38V4
Moss st. ■ ■■-...-
IRST-CLASS HELP FURNISHED ON
short notice. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
RCHARDISI WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
\J charge: orchard, vines, stock and ; general
farming: 15 years' California!! experience: Al
references. Address Orchard, 312V4 Fulton st.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the expertlng of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address ;P. C,
box 137, Call Office. '
window-washing and hoom-bweep-
• • Ing; all kinds of "housecleaning; day or con-
tract. Address JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210%
Lark In st.
TEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
of any kind; city or country: good driver;
small wages. R. 8., box 102, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
wife, without children, to take care of ranch or
work on a private place; man understands all
kinds or ranch or private work; wife good cook
both first-class references. Address J. S. RATH-
GEBER, Napa, Cal. - .
PAINTERS WANT WORK BY IHE DAY
■or contract: have their own tools and falls;
first-class work done on the most reasonable terms:
satisfaction guaranteed. Address Painters, box
72, Coll Office. "
AXE WAN IS SITUATION IN PRIVATE
family to take care of horses and garden; also
handy with carpenters' tools; references given.
Address W. R., box 9, this office.
\kj ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN WITH EX-
tt perlence, position as waiter on a steamer. Ad
dress W. 0., box 98, Call office.
I.NCHESTEK HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAU
Market— Electric . lights in . every room: 200
rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free hiisiin I baggage 10 and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
ANTED— A FIRST JCLASS FRENCH^ OR
German cook for private family in country,
$40. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 189(5.
HELP W ANTED— Continued: :
REN<SS SECOND GIRL AND LAUNDRESS,
$20. country; cook, same house, »25: nurses2o;
second girl, $20. MISS CULLKN. 323 Sutler St.
17>RKNCH OR GERMAN COOK, $40; GOOD
place. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
COOK, COUNTRY, $30. SMALL BOARDING-
house; 20 housework girls, city ana country,
$20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist. $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 323 butter a.
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, COUNTRY,
»T $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
"VTEAT. EXPERIENCED WAITRESS, FIRST-
-Li class country hotel, steady year round, $26,
free fare; cooks, housework girls, etc. MURRAY
<& READY, 634 Clay st. ; " .
ANTED-WAITKESS, SHORT DISTANCE,
$20 (see party here at 10 to-day): 3 wait-
resses,, resorts, etc., $20 and $25; cook, small
country hotel, $25; laundress and second girl, $25;
2 Pro estant second girls, $20: cook, German
style, $30; and girls for cooking and housework
in city and country. J. F. CKOSETT CO., 312
Sutter st.
ANTED — A PROTESTANT CHAMBER-
** maid for private family, $20; Protesant wait,
ress and parlormaid, $26: nurse, country, $15:
twenty-five housework «irls for city and country,
$25 and $20. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sut-
ter St. • "
ANTED — GERMAN OR FRENCH COOK,
country. 1 $40: French second girl, country,
$20; German or Swedish cook, $25; German cook,
small hotel, $2*-, waitress, restaurant, $5 a week.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton at.
9 GERMAN COOKS, $25 AND $30: INFANT'S
-- nurse, $26: waitress, $25: 3 nurseglrls, SI 2 to
$15; 8 girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 721
Ellis st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, LIGHT WORK,
small pay. 426 Natoma st.
IRL TO DO PLAIN COOKING IN COUNTRY
VJ home for two months in Santa Cruz. 102
Bartlett st. . . . -
W"6max nurse to KEEP HOUSE: CARE
for sick lady. Call at 515 Eighth su. Oakland.
p IRLFOR HOUSEWORK: WAGES $12. AP-
vJ ply 1 1 9a Bartlett St., near Twenty-second.
MALL GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
references. 338 Twenty-seventh, nr. Church.
ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS COATMAKER;
none other need apply. 907 Market at.
TENOGRAPHER AND TYPEWRITER TO
O furnish machine: must be competent: wages
$30 per month; references. Address R. R., box
43. Call Office.
\\r ANTED— GIRL. FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
" work. 1538 Ellis su
GIRL WANTED ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
work; no washing; 2 in family; wages $8.
1430 Ellis st.
WAITRESS, $20; COUNTRY. HOTEL GA-
" zette. 420 Kearny st. ,
rpAILORESS APPRENTICE WANTED ON
X pants. Apply 469 Jessie St.
OOD TAILORESS ON CUSTOM . COATS.
219V 3 Tehama st. -
WOMAN OVER 25 TO TRAVEL FOR
wholesale house. Only those desiring perma-
nent position need apply. Address Woman, box
32, Call.
GIRL TO HELP IN RESTAURANT. 202
Ninth st.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO MIND CHlL-
dren. 121y Webster.
PROTESTANT WOMAN: LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; 2 in family; plain cooking. ' 764 Howard.
APPRENTICE T > LEARN DRESSMAKING.
2005 Bush st.. after 11a.
pERMAN GIRL FOR DINING-ROOM AND
VJ upstairs work. 1300 Turk St., cor Webster.
VOUKG GIRL TO WAIT AT TABLE. 136
X Second st.
OI T NG GERMAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
X children and light housework. 1924 Howard.
piRLSOF ALL NATIONALITIES. GERMAN
VT Employment Office. 306 Mason st.
PROTEST WIDOW BETWEEN 25 AND
X 30 years of age as housekeeper for man and
2 children; small wages. Address H. X., box 29,
Call Office.
GIRL FROM THE COUNTRY TO LEARN
VI dressmaking: room and board. Address S. 15.,
box 68, Call Office.
OOD GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
good wages. 565 Bryant St., upper fiat.
OOD, TAILORESS * ON CUSTOM COATS.
935 Market, room 11. GBA OMAN A CO.
I ENERGETIC YOUNG WOMAN TO SOLICIT
■J for printing-house; salary. Address W., box
137, Call Office. .
T A DIES TO sell TOILET prepara-
XJ tions: hairdressing, manicuring, beauty cul-
ture taught free: exclusive rights. MRS. M. J.
BUTLER. 131 Post st.
T> ANDERS AND MAKERS. CARSON GLOVE
X> CO., 318 Market st.
IRL WANTED TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1230 Treat aye., bet. Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth sts.
YY ANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
• * school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical: reasonable. 410 Leaven worth st.
KESSCUTTING AND FITTING TAUGHT
thoroughly in three hours or less at MRS. R.
L. JONES' dressmaking school, 505 Fell st. '
GOOD FINISHERS ON CUSTOM PANTS;
VJ also apprentice. 923 V. Folsom st.
IR-ST-CLASS OPERATORS ON SINGER OR
X Wheeler A Wilson machines. 516 Sutter st.
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
APPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS EVERY
-i Tues. in dresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
PENSIONS— J. H. HHEPARD A CO., OLD RE-
X liable attorneys, 1068 Esit 16th St., Oakland.
HAIRDRESsINO, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 10 les»on».sl 60. 1248 Mission.
pOAT-FINISH WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street.
Vf OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
JJL Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
r\RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
25c CD. McDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTBD— BTJBLEIGH DRILL MINEkT"S3
' ' day: chuckman, $2 50 day; carrlagesmith,
$2 50 day; buttermaker (no milking), $30 and
found: 2 cement finishers for Central America, $9
day silver: 2 choremen, $15 and $20 and. found;
10 axmen for bark peeling. $26 and found; wash-
ers and ironers for country laundry, $35 and
found ; farmers, ironers and others. Apply J. F.
CKOSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento sU
ANTED— COLORED OR WHITE COOK
for resort, $35 and increase, fare paid; second
cook, country hotel: waiter,, country, hotel, $25,
and others. Apply J. F. CBOSETT A CO., 628
Sacramemo st.
EAD COOK, REBTAURANT; SECOND
cook, country hotel, $60 and fare advanced ;
short-order cook for lunch counter, country, $40;
oysterman and short-order cook for commercial
lunch, country, $35; 3 waiters for springs, $25: 2
waiters, country hotels, $25. C. R. HANSEN <k
CO., 110 Geary st.
Of, MORE LABORERS FOR TRACK-LAY-
_-il» ing, railroad work. $1 75 a day; free fare.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary st.
'_> QUARTZ MINERS, $2 76 A DAY; 2 SCAN-
-0 dinavian or German miners, $2 75 a-day: miner
to run tunnel, long job, $1 25 a day and board; 20
farmers for having, $20. $25 and $26 and harvest
wages; 10 milkers, $20 and $25: paper-hanger,
$.; 50 a day; carriage and sign painter, woodchop-
pers, sheepherders, choremen and others, at C. R.
HANSEN A CO.'S. 110 Geary SU
pOLORED BARBER FOR SPRINGS; sham-
\J pooer for springs, $25 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN <& CO., 110 Geary st. .
OOK, $45 TO $50; SECOND COOK, $30:
\J baker. $30: dishwasher, $15, see boss here: 5
cooks, $30 to $65; 8 waiters. $30; pantrymen,
$20; porter, $20; washer, country laundry, see
boss here. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITHS: .0 TIE MAKERS. 8c AND
10c each; 20 woodchopper«, $1 day and found;
20 laborers, $1 60 day: 20 teamsters, $1 60 day,
country. M RRAY A READY,. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
i)i\ FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
-yV» hands. $20 and $26; farmer and wife; harvest
hands, from $1 25 to $3 day; 3 milkers, $25: but-
ter-maker and milker, easy place, $26; warden boy.
MURRAY A READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ILL BLACKSMITH. NO SHORING, $30;
off- bearer for brick-yard, $2 50 a day; 3 milk-
ers same ranch, $25: teamster and wife for ranch,
$35; chore boy and milk, country, $12; farm hands
and hay makers, $15, $20 and $26; A. Rich-
mond and wife please call. R. T. WARD A CO.,
608 an 1 610 Clay st. ;
IE Jil EN TO PELL TAN. BARK AND WORK
1 Oln tan-oak; steady job; $26 and board; fare,
$5. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay St.
WANTED-NIG~HT COOK. OYSTER HOUSE,
" $40: second cook, German, $35 and found;
waiter, $30; German to work on a ranch, $12;
French boy to wash dishes, etc, $20 and found -
etc LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton »t.
WANTED— SECOND BUTLER FOX GOOD
»T place, $20. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st. ■ ■ -.
A BORERS FOR RAILROAD WORK. $175
XJ per day. Apply from 9to 10 a.m. to-day to
Hotel Gazette. 420 Kearnv st. .
\\T ANTED-SWAMPERSAND CKSCR W-
»' era for lodging camp (fare $1), $35 and board,
long job, laborers for the woods. $20 and board ;
10 men to peel bar-, no experience required, $_ i
and board; also farmers, milkers, laborers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER <fe CO.
626 Clay BU
TaTtER; RESORT HOTEL, $25, ROOM,
• 'etc.; call early. - MARTIN'S Employmeat
Agency, 749 Market st. . . ..
B~A X FOB COUNTRY SHOP, $30. APPLY
X> 509 Kearny st., room 8. : , -
YOUNG MAN FOR NURSERY WORK. JOB-
bing, gardening; $16 per month. 612 IJaiglit.
TMRST-CLASS CARRIAGE - TRIMMER; A
X! steady job. Apply at 266 Stevenson st. — ,
"In MEN" AND WOMEN AT 319 PINE ST.,
I' ' office 56; good positions; - bet. , 9 and 11 a. m.
RIVER for a DELIVERY wagon
.wanted: steady job and good pay to a trust-
worthy man. Address Driver, box 13, Call Office.
HELP WANTED— Continued. .
A^T^D^XISTDI)L^A^E^IiiXNrAP?LY
'T Central Hotel, 530 Third st.
BARBERS, ATTENTION! FINE SHOP FOR
sale: established 3 years: owner Is going in
business with father. Inquire Call Office.
j ABBER-SHOP FOR SALE INSTALL-
' ' mentB: cheap. Apply 1144 Folsom st. >
OLD MAN TO - COOKTFOE, 2 MEN; GOOD
home; $10 month, 315 Sutter st.
OUNG MAN FOR OFFICE: MUST HAVE
$150. «. E.. box 69, Call Office. '
A 1 LOR AND EXPERIENCED APPRENTICE
X on custom coats. 38 Grove st. ;
OOOK,0 OOK, MINING TOWN. $30. MISS CCLLEN,
323 Sutter st. .
"OUNG MAN TO LEARN BARBER'S
X trade. 427 San Pab o aye., Oakland. „
WAXTED-GOOD BARBER; SINGLE. 604
Valencia st. . -■ .
A NTED— GOOD PIANO PL AY FOR
*••»» Sundays. Inquire Neckhaus Garden, Fruit-
vale. .
OY TO DRIVE MILK WAGON; REFER-
enceg. B. D., box 108, this office. . •:
URRAKD-BOY WANTED AT 834 HOWARD
xii St.. flat a. -■-.■■■
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OK CALIFORNIA
—Nomination of officers to-night, Alcazar bld'g.
ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
»» store and make himself useful in cash ■ busin-
ess; salary $75 per month: must have $150 cash.
See STRAND & BAILEY, 917 Market st , ;•
WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
X> 3d and 4th— Slngleturnished rooms, night 15c to
60u;week $1 to $3 60; reading-room ; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all nighu
fflJQOp; HONEST PARTNER IN ESTAB-
<®O-*O. lished, good-paying business. P., box
136, Call Office. - _____■
CHAIR. 15-CENT BARBKR-SHOP; CLEARS
$30 a week; Immediate sale; owner leaving
city. .Apply this office.
17K BARBER-SHOP AND BATHS IN A
«U>l I O. beautiful summer resort of 4000 inhab-
itants: well worth $300. MACGILLJVRAY A
CO., 1028 Market st. J
FOR SALE-S2S;~GRAVEL DRYWASHER; 6
tons a day. SALSBURY, 2010 Ellis st.
ANTED— IOOO MEN AT DUBLIN LOTUS
barber-shop; newly opened; shaving 6c; hair-
cutting 10c; best In city. 207 Fourth st.
WANTED-PARTNER; PAYING BUSINESS;
cheap rent; clearing $50 monthly to each;
small capital; good Investment. 236 Third st.
jjOY WANTED TO LEARN DRUG BUSI-
x> neBSS. SW. cor. Devisadero and Bush. , . ■;
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE" UNION EMPLOY-.
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
XJ menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 239 O'FarrelL
T> ARBERS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC-
re-arv Barbers' Asso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FCC HI
ARBEB-BHOP, CLEAN, CHEAP; CAUSE,
i-> age and sickness. 1119 a Folsoji street.
\\f ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
"' Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
. married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 6 feet 6 Inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
! accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
j Cat '
YV ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
TT some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A <^0., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
WANTED-A COMPETENT MAN TO TAKE
»» charge of book, stationery and toy depart-
ment. Address, giving experience, references, age
and salary, O. A. liAi.K A CO., San Jose. . ■
ARBER-SHOP~FOR SALE OR RENT; THIS
■I) Is an extra good chance for German single
men. Apply bTOLTZ, 630 Market st.
\\T ANTED — INTELLIGENT GENTLEMEN
" and ladies in every town to work at home;
neat, steady employment; we pay salary: enclose
stamp. Standard Manufacturing Company, 142
West Twenty-third St., New York.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 M arket.opp.WUl A Flock's, S.F.
ANTED — 3 Tib ACCOUNTS COLLECTED
at once; will buy them. Columbia, 128 4th st.
WK ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
' 1 your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts. -
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it. ■
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $_ 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHO HOUSE, 863 Vs MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c. 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $g week.
JUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
O Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price, 6c,
10c, 16c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 160
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 26 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60:
half-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
4 BTHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
/^- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
ANTED- MEN TO LEARN BARBER
• * trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F, Barber School, 1615 Howard.
/KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATIO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
EST IN CITY—SING i E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; JJOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
OOMS 160 TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 60
per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
hat cheek house, 529 sacramento
si.; 200 rooms', best in the city, single rooms
20 and 25c a night, Fl a w»ek: meals 10c
WANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection A gey, 110 Sutter
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
' ' sts.; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c night.
1 1 MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
X\i\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st, near Kearny.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
voek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay si.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c 10 $1 25. 662 Mission.
UREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOX 6c;
X 1 also a bottl tof lager. sc. -t 637 Clay su
rPKY ACME HOUSE. AiAiIKET ST.. BE-
I low SiT>h. for a rnn-n ■ " - - i>i-hr- SI r nwlf.
AGENTS WANTED. -
A GENT WWANTED" FOR GOLD GATE
JX Dye Works, 342 McAllister st.
~\ GENTS _ WAR IN CUBA" IS THE BOOK
xi- to canvass for: 1 agent reports 11 orders first
day; outfits only 50c F. PERSON, Manager Sub-
scription Department, The Whitaker A Ray Co.,
723 Market st. .-..._
FURNITURE WANTED. '
OD-HAND FURNITURE FOR" COUNTRY •
-^ good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
MALONK PAYS 20 PER CENT MOBS '
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth at.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOB FPRNI"
X ture and merchandise Bee BURP, 211 Larkin.
FFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., .1057 Market.
SBASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price. 1
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURK,
.camels, piano. lla.'i Market: tel. Jessie. 761.
WANTED-MISCELL.ANEOUS.
KLX^O^nr^BOclcsTclloTrHTtNTrA^nrj^W*
flrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Slxrh M.: wend pont-L
_^- ' ,____ LOST.
N~~FOURTH "^T^pTaN^OF^HO USE." RE-
ward at 623 Golden Gate aye.
Jj» C RE WARD-STRAY ED FROM 118 GEARY
<ID<-' St., small pug bitch. ■' ■' ■.•■ - .■-'
LOST— TWO WATCH CHAINS. WRAPPED
- in yellow tissue paper. - Finder will be liberally
rewarded at room 1, 350 Bush st. • :
LOST— KED IRISH SETTER BITCH. RE-
turn to 1920 FUlmorest.; reward.
LADY'S PURSE; BRANNANTbET. THIRD
- and Fourth; reward on return. 322 Bitch St., .
flat 3. -
OST— FRIDAY, BRIDGE ■ MEDAL: IN~-
- senption Wm. J. Boradori. Reward at , 32
California st. ._■-'■ ■ - y:
i^ox-tekTuer BITCH, WHITE, tan EARS.
X double spot right side. 1 1326 Page St.: reward.
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA i
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of BRIDGET E. SULLIVAN, No.
201513. The finder will please return to bank. ■ - .'
gQPHP.
FOUND— A GRAY HORSE; ON THE- BEACH.
Owner call at fruitstore, corner of Mason and '
Union StH. :■ ■■
ATTOIINEYS-AT-L,AW. /
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
f*- *lty, private:, no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at- ■
tended to. G. \v. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.
I E. PHILLIPS-U. S. AND STATE COURTS;
XJ. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es- :
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California sU
T J. MURRAY, ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR AT
x . law; advice free. 24 Sixth su, rooms 14. 16.
\\T W. DAVIDSON, : ATTORNEY- A 1- LAW, 420
'» • California st., rooms 14 and 15; advioe free.;
PERSONALS. '
VfOTICE IS HER^BTTjrvXSFT^A^AFTER
XI date, for just cause, I will not be responsible
for any debts contracted by ■ my wife, .ELLA
ETIQUE: June 15, 1896. C. M. ETIQUK. .
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
eases of n»se, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Kearny.
BOXING TAUGHT IN 15 LESSONS. 808
Leavenworth sU ■ v
XV YOUR LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS FOR
XJ 25 cents: heavy toweling for 5 cents: curtain
lace; percales; sheeting: corsets; underwear:
hosiery; trimmings: bed spreads, etc., very cneap
at Pioneer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
rnwo young business me.s, lately
X . from the East, wish to meet two young ladies
between the age of 20 and 25 ; object amusement
and perhaps matrimony. F., box 165, this office.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
S\. cialty: private-, no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 860 Market st
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
piGAR AND~ISTATI6NERY~ STORE; GOOD
\J business; living rooms; established for years.
29z inth st. . ,
VOID EVILS. ■ i. SEE DR. HARDCASTLE
on sex science, etc.. 628 Montgomery, room 1
LADIES, IF YOU HAVEN'T YET TRIED
XJ having your hair dressed by G. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st., do it: you will be pleased witn
both his price (25c) and -work; don't forget the
number; he has imitators.
ATRDRESSING, Me; MANICURE, 26c;
face treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post sU, r. 20
CILOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J manufrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome, upstairs.
THE ECONOMY MILLINERY, 40 SIXTH ST.;
X selling out at cost; store and fixtures for sale.
PARTINGTOVS SCHOOL OF "MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: Instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Partlngton, R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.:
fine edge put on razor for 26 cents.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
»T low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
GEO. W. PHELPS, ATTORN AW, 215
Sansome st., room 4. - -
UITB TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company ,l 117 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market it.
rpRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTa COMMERCIAL
X Transfer. Company, 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
"1 MAA CARDS, $150: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
H'UU tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
AT THE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
-A can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CUII.D'3. 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week ; tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SKTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
pITY OP PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
\J Geary, re reeved from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD. -
"IJIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market St.
L.D GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.MAN. 41 So. cor. Je-isla.
'dressmakers.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPER? 35 CENTS 'UP;
U lawn $1 up. 50514 Natoma St., above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
"'JTII hail ! ' "" Professor f. eugene.
be wise. be wise. ' be WISE.
Knowledge is power. Remain not in darkness,
but seek the light of wisdom and learn what the
fa ure holds for you. All are pleased with his
readings. His powers excite the wonder and ad-
miration of all. He gives advice on all mat era of
interest to humanity. If you are In trouble or are
unsuccessful consult him at once. Read his Sun-
day's advertisement. Hours 10 a. m. ;to Bp. m.
Letters with stamp answered.
PROFESsOR F. EUGENE,
1728 Market st.
ASSISTANCE AND ADVICE ' !
A that makes tne unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE,
The world -renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc ; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brings the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one , of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy st.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
daily and Sundays.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium: guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes'
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and 4. 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton su Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, cord-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
tips on races; names given; 26c up. 6 Fourth.
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES _sc;
gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
/■CLAIRVOYANT— LADIES ONLY; FEE 26c.
" -' 41 Minna st.. basement.
ME. LEGEITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
VI ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
lX past, present, future; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
M. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and (1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
THEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
ist; mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market St.
ME. SYBILLE TcLLB FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell st
RETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
PROFESSOR C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST.,
X near Sixth— Wonderful power; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.:
tells of friends and enemies; letters with stamps
answered; 9 to 8: also Sundays.
SPIRITUALISM.
CIRCLE ,' TO-NIGHT: 10c; SITTINGS
daily. MME. YOUNi-, 605 McAllister st. •
EMOVAL— ADDIE SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER
and psychic physician, 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20; no fee except as a gift.
ON I gYitTka lEH E USSMAN>T'S GRAND
X test meeting. 110 Hayes St.; admission free. .
RS. >HRINER; TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
tests to all, 25c; sittings daily. 311 Van Ness.
ISHOP GARRISON TO-NIGHT AT 1370
Market: seance and phenomena; 25c.
\/[ RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BCSI-
i'l ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136 Oak st.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny, now 920 Post: fee $1; letter $2.
ASTROLOGY.
UTU RE~~B E^ETLE^^HORioSCOPET Mo:
send date and hour of birth and i 10c I for your
planet. W. Monroe, Astrologer, 1129 Howard st.
\f EDICAL ASTROLOGY— PKOrhSsuK 11OW-
-1»X ard's vital remedies remove all chronic
troubles and restores to perfect health. 311 Hyde
St., 10 to 3. •
DR. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets; dally or by mall, $2. 36y_ Geary St. -
FOR SALE-HISCELLANKOUS.
pXmPING~TENT, $6: PIANO. $25: PANEL-
\J top wagon; new tent show outfit, cheap. 3928
Nineteenth st. .. ■ '-."• '.'*■ ■
\TEW SUN CASH REGISTERS FOR SALE;
JLi price $25. Address C, box 4, Call.
SINGER IMPROVED HIGH" ARM; $12 50.
2437 Mission St.. near Twenty-first. ;
pA BIN ET-M AKER'S OUTFIT.BENCH, TOOLS
\J of every kind a fine outfit; cheap; also com-
plete hunting outfit. 1400 Van Ness aye.
RILL; BARNES' 20- INCHES WING SQUARE
base, cheap: or trade. 516 Mission st. *
P OUNTKRS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V bought and sold. 1121 Vb Market, 7th A Bth.
IX-HORSEPOWEB GAS OB GASOLINE
engine for sale cheap.-. Apply or address 215
Bay st. - v, > ■.'■■■ .-■- '-. ' '■■ . : -.---'-.--, v.M .-■■
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
■D write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 810 California.
I OILERS, MACHINERY,
i > waterplpes. '■'■ Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
i UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASH
I) doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE. SIZE
fire and burgisr proof safe. ; 109. 111 Market
l/i IRK AND BURGLAR . SAFE. ■ ; LETTER- „
X 1 press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay. ■
EW RANGES CHEAPER* THAN SECOND-
1> hand. W. 8. RAY Mfg Co.. lit California sU -
STORAGE. !
T HrROONEY^722 MISSION— STORAGbTaT
• reduced rales: basement storage,sl 50 per load
AGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FIRE-
KJ proof building; advances made. ' 211 Larkin. -
URNITURK. PIANOS, -TRUNKS: AD-
' vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4PQSU:
T. OWEST RATES— FURNITURE, * PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. Pierce, 735 Market. .
A B. SMITH : FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
A . low rates; fire-proof building ; Eastern : plan.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
fN^^fi PARTNER ,TO PURCHASE HALF
•)£i*J\). Interest in well-paying saloon near
earnv st.; run place night and day: German
preferred: don't miss it. \ STENBERG CO., 632
Market st. ■ .. .
LOON AND LIQUOR STORE:
; 2%T. 7 * south of and nr - M "ket: receipts $15 to
$20: full value; stock and;nxtures; family trouble.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
(100 ROAD HOUSE, ACROSS THE
:WX\J.M\J\J. bay, near railroad depot : hand-
I somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds: finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round*
this offer never equaled; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the property; satisfy yourself.
STKNBERO dc CO.. 632 Market St. *»""«"'
<ftl fiOfl 1 AURANT. OYSTEK-HOUSE,
«JP-l-vJUV/. handsome private rooms: three en-
trances; old-established trade: chance rarely of-
fered In lifetime, where, with $1600 vested large
income certain. STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market.
ffIJQA BUTTER, MILK A D DELICACY
«JP»/vf. store: thriving location; living-rooms-
new stock; suitable for family. STENBERG CO
632 Market aU - .
O YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly. | HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
mjoTVrirv hotel op 24 rooms, bar,
«JP_wUUU. dining-room, etc., summer resort, 1
hour's ride from San Francisco, clearing $150 per
month: rooms commanding a beautiful marine
view must be seen to be appreciated ; part of pur-
chase price can remain; satisfactory reasons given
for selling. Apply W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
(2>'JJXA PARTNER IN CONTRACTING
'Juu, business, must be willing to work; to
such a party a fine opportunity is offered, clearing
$80 each month. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
rpo SELL A BUSINESS OF any KIND QUICK
X for cash see STRAND A BAILEY, 917 Market.
€J9P»fi SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSE: OLD
iJP-iOU. established: cheap rent; clears $75 per
month. STRAND A BAILEY ,917 Market st.
©QOC COFFEE SALOON; CLEARS $80
•JPO__O. per month. STRAND A BAILEY,
917 Market st.
f'T7Fi BRANCH BAKERY: 4 ROOMS:
«m 1I O. bargain. STRAND « BAILEY, 917
Market St. < ,'■■■■■:
4£^nft BRANCH BAKERY; DOING VERY
tmOKJyJ. good business; dally receipts above
$10; 3 living-rooms- rent $22; rarest chance.
WILKE A WOLF. 631 California st.
4fe ((f\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
tiPUUI/. with Ilvinz rooms; large custom from
good-settled neighborhood; low r nt: full value In
sight. WILKE A WOLF, 631 California st.
<D« pfnn SALOON, KEPT BY PRESENT
(iJpUUI/. owner 9 years, located on Third St., nr.
Market; owner wants to retire; full value $1500;
investigate at once. WILKE A WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. . -.
"ft A A RESTAURANT DOING LARGE
tipOUl/. business: good prices; north of Market
st. WILKE & WOLF. 531 California st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A BUSINESS PLACE
X of any kind, or lodging-bouse, see T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
POT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandlse. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
q»f>AA BAKERY: FINE BRICK OVEN:
»4pL)V/v/. using 2 barrels flour daily: rent cheap;
locality finest; all store trade: fine living-rooms;
if you see this bargain you will purchase. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. . _^
©(inn RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
t\pO\J\J. lor taking in $35 a day; fine locality:
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain: see
this at once: object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ,
<IJ» 1 YVAfi PARTNER IN FINE BUSINESS;
(JpluUU. no Sunday or evening work: the
place is already established and doing well: fullest
investigation; reference; experience not required.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
' V[ W CHANDLER AND PRICE QUARTO
; i.' press to exchange for stereoptlcon, or will sell.
T. LUBELSK, 7 City Hall aye.
ffi» 1 I' A EQUITY" IN" TWO LOTS IN THE
HD XLTi. well-known Fair Oaks Addition to the
city of Stockton, or will trade for small business.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
fflJf'AA FINE STATIONERY AND CONFEC-
■ «JPUvW. tionery business; in good locality: rent
i cheap; with 3 elegant living-rooms; the best bar-
i gain for the money ever offered in this city; see
this to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. •
©99?: BRANCH BAKERY AND DELI-
__.e>. cacy; fine location; cheap rent: 6 liv-
ing-rooms finely furnished and complete; a snap
for the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. "
qjjO-n GREAT SACRIFICE; 11 ROOMS.
«lp_-tJU. nicely furnished; all rented and paying
rent, $30. KENNY A CO.. 765 Market.
<g»or/\. RESTAURANT; EXCELLENT LO
«Jp OO\i. cation: part cash, balance monthly
payments; trial given; good chance for man and
wife. KENNY d: CO.. 765 Market st.
OR SALE— SALOON AT .A SACRIFICE;
■veil furnished; excellent location; good trade;
this is a bargain. 765 Market st.
ciioxnn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
tjpOOKJKJ. exceptionally good location: large
well-selected stock; fine store trade; big bar busi-
ness: large outside route; bargain. M. LESS CO.,
783 Market st.
CjJAA SALOON; THRIVING INTKRIOR
rjPTUI/. town: opposite large railroad depot;
cheap rent; living rooms; receipts $10; daily ex-
penses $1; good stock. M. LESS CO., 783
Market st
<2» JC/1 FIRST-CLASS MILLINERY STORE;
«IpJi-'^'« north of Marxet; vicinity of Baldwin:
large and very fine patronage; Al stock; living-
rooms: offer merits attention. M. LESS & CO.,
783 V. Market st. • .
S9OA SALOON; TERMINUS 3 BIG CABLE
O— « "U. lines; value la sight; fine trade; gen-
uine bargain; other business. M. LESS CO.,
783y 2 Market st.
CjQO;: LUNCH HOUSE AND SALOON;
ts)O-JU. central: doing $20 dally: rent moder-
ate; no night or Sunday work; value in sight; good
reasons for selling. JOHNSTON, 26i<_ Kearny.
H~ f\ WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
•UP ' O\J and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building included: ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF. 921 Market.
ffi»9!x7i RESTAURANT: MUST SELL TO-
tJP__iJl7. day: what will you give. DECKER,
1020 Market st. _■ •
DAKBERSHOP PARTLY FURNISHED; 3
X) rooms; month's rent free. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
C A ROOM HOTEL: RENT $70: BUSINESS
OV location: $1500. DECKER. 1020 Market
djj7X FRUIT AND PRODUCE STORE MUST
<ID I O. be sold" to-day; great sacrifice: receipts
$14 daily. Call at once. Business Exchange, 777
Market St., room 7.
(JUQFLA PARTNER WANTED THIS DAY;
tfiVOUU. take half-interest in well-established
business; tend to outside delivery and collection;
money secured. Address S., box 129. this office.
fOOC BRANCH BAKERY, NOTION AND
iiP-j-jOm candy storedoing good business; sold
on account of leaving city. An ply Call Office.
IGAR, STATIONERY STORE; GOOD BUSl-
ness: living rooms: established years. 29
Ninth st. :
m»QAA WILL BUY GROCERY AND BAR:
O\J\J 4 rooms furnished: rent $15; whole
house; other business to attend to; a snap. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
OAL AND TEAMING— MAN
with some capital; good paying legitimate
business: principals only. Address Coal, box 17
Call Office. ■ •
'OR SALE --OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
and wine cellar in a near-by town. Inquire
WICHMAN,' LUTGENS A CO., 818 Clay St.
RUG-STORE— SIOOO WILL BUY A PAYING
store; invoice $1600. Address Drug, box 59
Call Office.
0J» 1 VK,n WILL BUY A HALF-INT REST
<ifPX~*J\J |i the A 1 wholesale and retail liquor
store. 342 Turk street, corner Hyde: large liquor,
wine, beer and porter house; 3 horses and wagons
running: old-established business; will sell the
whole. Call after 7p. m.
<&OAAA OR HALF INTEREST IN A
•JpOUUV manufacturing business. 328 B«sh St.,
room 4. •
/CHOICE INVESTMENT OF HOTEL PROP-
\J erty -. pays 12 per cent: $3000 or $4000. Apply
1019 Ellis. *
OTEADY MAN W ITfl $225 CAPITAL AS
O partner in paying downtown restaurant-
owner good: cash. Inquire of J. YE", 40 ! ay.
\V ANTED— STUCK OF .«EhCuA >,ab, \T~
" cant lots or building materials, in exchange for
equity In 1 or 2 new 2-story. 6-room cottage
bouses, with barn. 1402 Devisadero si.
WASTED-PARTY WITH $100 TO TAKE
»» an interest In a business payiog $60 per month
to each party. W. P., box 15, Call Office.
B A a^ XK 9 R S Y eco A nd^t. R£ta ' AUKANT fOR SALE
VTICB RESTAURANT ON MARKET ST" ;
r\ your own price; rent paid. Apply this office!
ILL TRADE HALF INTEREST IN BEST
"paying restaurant in city for lod lng-house-
call early: a snap. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR EX
X change real estate or personal property of any
kind call or . send full particulars to WH Mac
OILLIVRAY. A CO., 1028 Market st.T 8. F • wj
v.ill gaurantee to sell In 30 days. •■*••! «»"
ffiji l(lT^ OKNKR SALOON; WORTH $600-
- ®L ' a 2* BtOclc and natures: living-rooms :
must sell to-day on account of death. Apply 531
\_ itl 1 lorn in st.
5R 1 ' COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE: SAME
<g) I t)U. hands 7 years- J. COL:-:, eQ6 Howard'
S IQUOR-STORE NKWLY OPENED WILL
;XJ sell at once. Call 309 Third st.
'T«S" B^iw V U i IJjUINO AND SALOON FOR
X sale. 3352 Mi slon si., XW. cor. Thirtieth.
.^iSO L , UNCH -COUNTER BUSINESS IN A
tlpiJW. place wnere hundreds of men congre.at.
every day; free rent; sold on account .of other
business. .Apply 15 Leidesdorff »L •
$1000 HA^ FINTERE3TIN OLDESTAB-
<IP-*-WV.;iished,s.well stocked, good paying
general 8! ore out of town; double value In sigh.;
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply Call Office.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGH!
for cash ; city or country. M., box 2. Call.
P ROC ERY AND BAR, TRANSFER CORNER
VJ Apply this office; no agents.
SALOON; LONG LEASE ; LOW RENT. APPLY
kJ a. Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st. x r
P ROCERY a"nd BAR FOR SALE. 653
\J Minna su, bet. sixth and Seventh.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned^^
©1 7A ; FINE' CORNER SALOON; FIRST-
«JpI I V. class fixtures: best location: right in
the manufacturing district: cheap r»nt: 4 living-
rooms: a bargain. Hi >. STEWART. 602 .Market.
rr A FINEGKOCERY AND BAR: SITU-
<S>OO\J. on fine corner in Western Addi-
tion: carries nice stock: cood bar trade; -4' living-
rooms; cheap rent; a bargain. GEO. STEWART, '
602 Market st. '■ ■ _
"FOR SALE OR RENT— FIRST-CLASS BLACK-
JC smith and machine-shop in one of the bPSt
towns in the State. Address D. A. FAULKNERf
354 T ■ elfth st., Oakland. .
ROCERY AXDBArTfINECORNER; CASH
VJT business: rent taken out in trade; will sell
cheap. , A poly 439 Grove st. ■ ■■■
PARE CHANCE-CORNER GROCERY AND
Xt bar; 3 living-room and kitchen: yard: renD
$15: coll at once; worth double the money. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
<BjO"nr» FIRST-CLASS SALOON: LEASE;
«Js__UUv'. good trade; owner retiring: chance
of a lifetime. Address JONES, box 66, Call.
HIGH-GRADE GOLD LODE FOR SALE OK
company. V., box 33. this office.
RESTAURANT; FIRST-CLASs TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in.
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission.
OARTNER WITH $100 CAPITAL WANTED
-*- by lady of means. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
SA LOON FOR SALE-^450: WELL STOCKED;
0 good location: good reason for selling; no
agents. Address '/,., box 148, this office.
SALOON FIXTURES: FINE OUTFITS:
great bargain. Apply to L. GOUDSMIT. 818
Geary st., picture-frame store, from 3 to 8 p. m.
$7 x PARTNER WANTED BY LADY IN
<£> ' <->• good proposition. 11 lay lor St.. room 1
GOOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIQRDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
<Sj> 7 X BRANCH" BAKERY AND NOTION
<fl7 10. store. Inquire 1024 Leavenworth su
*"»()( JO "AMPAGNE BUSINESS FOR
(IPUUV/U. sale: well established; complete
manufacturing plant; stock, etc.; principals only.
Apply F. L CASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5,325
Montgomery su
<jk'>^()o BUTCHER BUSINESS; FINEST
<S)-IOY)\J. fitted market in this city, no excep-
tion: good cash and outside trade; horses. wagons:
Investigation invited. 530 Hayes st.
GOOD- PAYING RESTAURANT: BET. TWO
VJ carhouses; living-rooms: rent $17. 3279 Mis-
sion st.
T/U)R SALE— GOOD BUSINESS WITH STOCK
J and fixtures, suitable for .man and wife or 2J
ladles; rooms back of store. 610 Post st.
L"OR SALE — HORSE, HARNESS. BUGGY,
X I bicycle, 1 electric fan- for sale, trade or se«
cnrlt> : a bargain. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE: NICE CLEAN,'
and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific st., basement.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
®> 1 Crtft 50-BOOM^OTElil?EAB~~UNION : *
tip i- O\J\J, iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT* SKIFF, 921 Market.
1 A -ROOM HOUSE ON MISSION; BARGAIN}
±'± must sell. DECKER. 1020 Market st. .
1 C-HOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN}
Iv must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
Ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hallave.
OR BARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES BES *
J STRAND A BAILEY, 917 Market St.
1, OAR DING AND LODGING HOUSE FOrt
XJ sale at £9 Pacific st. ■
OUSE OF 18 WELL-LIG~HTED ROOMS
suitable for lodging-house: S2O. 544 Sixth st.
~\ M. SPECK & CO.. 602 MARKET ST.
J\m 16 rooms: vicinity Nob Hill; fine buy. .ssso
36 rooms; completely turnished: pickup; at.. $600
50 rooms: $125 month guaranteed: none better.
124 rooms; known all over California $4000
HO WELU-FURNfsiIED "ROOMS FOR $600:
*-O low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth st.
FUBNITUKE lOi: SALE.
P N^Av^ilEm«s<i3ir^E : T^r^A~TtAßE '""b_C
gain. Apply at 916 Jackson st.
SPECIAL SALE OF BED-LOUNGES! '
60 bed-lounges (worth $7 50) $4 00
Floor oilcloth 20
English Linoleum 36
Brussels Curpet 45
4-room 011: fit, solid oaK 75 00
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market su
IJEFOrtE SELLING FURNITURE, CARPETS
I) or merchandise see J. C. MUTHER, 601 Cali-
fornia St., cor. Kearny.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
IIIRE SALE .' ——_____
J Prices stand till goods are completely dl*.
posed of.
Oak bed 5eta.......... $19 51
Bsd lounges , a 03
Stoves'. 7 5J
Carpets, peryard _ 55
Linoleum, per yard .... 55
Matting, peryard 11l
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busloeu
a«. SB. corner Seventh and Mission sea. 4.
NOON AN.
/IAA CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
'±\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: foldlng-hedi,
$10: bed- ounges. $7. T. O. MCCARTHY 113 4th.
CARPET CLEANING. .
"jONEii CO. CARPET - CLEANING
0 renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
|^ARPETCLEANING73c.; LAYING, 3& ; RUG
\J samples- free; telephone Jessie 944. STRAT-
TON. 19 Eighth St.
REAT western CARPET-BEATING
works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth ; phone Jessie 253.
ESN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH*
"» poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama ; tel. So. 40. -
KLIN 'B CARPET SEATING WORKS. 33J
\J Golden Gate aye. :- telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
PARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON <t CO.. 23 Tenth; tat.
South 38. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 24U
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 228.
HOUSES.
"I? I R ST%CL ASS~ HOItSE^^AND EX?RES3
X! wagon also hand-truck; cheap. 859 Mission.
ANTED— A TEAM OF HORSES; MUST BE
cheap. 1555 Kearny st. .■
ORSES AND BUGGIES FOR SALJE. 1623
Howard st.
FOR SAL 3O HEAD OF GOOD YOUNO
X; workhorses. 426 Valencia. JAMES D. FOR-
RESTEB. .
1 ,raft HORSES FOB . sale or ex^
I > change for light buggy horses. 38 California.
"LOR SALE — SEVERAL KIND, GENTLE.
X well-bred roadsters, single and double. Call a
331 Golden Gate aye.
"1 'C\ SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wakens, buggies; surreys,
rockaways, carts : must be sold. 1 128 Mission st
A UCTION SALES OF "HORSEsTbUGGIES.
xx wagons, harness, etc.. at Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Leavenworth.every Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. WATkINs", auctioneer.
'AA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\r ness; all kinds: buggy.wagon, carts, surrey
&rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Af\ HOUSES Urn SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
1" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth su; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The M-. <li» Ranch. 630 ''ommercial st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
T\ r A TED-PH AETON~OR~BUGC?Yr WITH
"» harness; state make, condition, price. KEN-
YON, 825 Crove si. .- .. - .
VIOsT COMPLETE CAMPING OUTFIT IN
IU town; double harness and wagon, both nearly
new. 415 Washington st.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
0 samples. H. M. lIEINEMAN. 109 Sansome St.
NEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS'. LAUN-
i." dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
DENTISTS.
LURST-CLASS D^NTISTiTY: FIRST-CLASS'
X' prices: first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING. CM., M.D., 600 Sutter su, corner Powell.
, K. DUCKETT, 170S l'O^'i' ST.. NEAR BuT \
1 ) , cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work. - *
R. !_ T. « RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and ' teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava.
1 tKOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION^ 759 MAR.
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4tn. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teem
!rm $5: fillings frm $1: extracting 50c, withgassl.
dIjJT A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
•Jp I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS, ■
dentlsu 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
I LUDL.UM HILI-. 1443 MARKET ST..
U near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
;eeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
LULL ejii iiitiH, $7; WARRANTED
i 1 five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 sixth it.
S^v ) orN^ T i^i V p TAI> TK1 ir ~
, ,K. UEOKUK \\ . LEEK. THi5 GENTJINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
«n<l patentee of improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from B to 20 O'Farrell st.
OAINLESS EXTRACTION. ■• 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up. lSyearj-
experience. R. L. WALr»H. D-D.a. 81534 Geary.
; Ui.lU.\ U_.\ I'Ai, ASSOCIATION. AlAit-
ket St. : DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ~~
I jH. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDB jf
I 1 Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND Wa~hT
A ranted. DB.J.W. Kit 1123 Market at.nOUSES TO tit.
REAR HOUSE, 4 BUKM- IinOJIS,' LARGE
yard, basement; $9. 321 Tenth st. 1 1
OUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina tX.
MODERN HOUS -9 ROOMS; BaTHTfTSTe
marine view: rent $55. 1920 Broadway, near
octavia; key at 19J6.
VOl'K HOUSES LKT OR PROPERTY SOLD.
X See G. W. H. PATTERSON, 2 Valencia st. .
HOU:->E of 8 Room ■ and" RATH; LARGE
flower-garden; rent reasonable. 2002 Golden
Gate avenue, nea Lyon. **:>
HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS; LARGE YARD AND
stable. 23 Pearl s .. off Market.
RENT . RKDUCI-.D; ELEGANT SUNNY.
1 1 house: 8 rooms and ba^ement. MB McAllister.
HOUSE— A KICK HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by. BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st. ■ •
_I « HYDE — HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
•11 bath. Inquire at 418.
(JJJQA MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS; BASE-
. O\J. ment: lare yard: stab'e. 417 Ridley st.
» HJKNISHK.U UOISKS.
BARGAIN — HOt SE TO LET AND SOME
furniture and chickens for sale. 317 Clemen-
titi . 3;. .
COTTAGES TO LKT. ■
T-KT-NKW MODERN COTTAGE OF 5
A rooms, bath and basement ; 405 Laurel st., nr.
California. WILL 8. FISHER & CO., 14 Post st.
CM iTT AGE OF SHtmMS; STABLE, CH ! < _C_N-
•' house, yard; cheap. Fifteenth and Bryant aye.
1 9 I CIPLOMBA.;-,), NEAR LARK.IN — COT-
x — 1 O tage 6 rooms, bath; modern improve-
nienta; marine view; rent cheap.
nOTi'AGE 2714 ANT; 5 ROOMS, BATH,
\J laundry: beautiful garden: stable. |
ffl*7 F_f_ COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; 1 GOOD.
YD I .01/ order; water free. Apply on premises,
945 Bryant, si., near l-.igh;h,or li Montgomery su,
G. H. UMBSEN a- CO.
pOTTAUK OF 8 i.OjMS; BATii; GARDEN;
V yard. 8824 Mission st.
lit >*> TO LKT-FURNISHED SUNNY FlVE-
jjfl — — room cottage, bath; al-o modern 6-room
fiat. $17. 3748 Army St., near Dolores.
11 BKISXfKD I I.\TS.
L^URNISHED 5-ROOM FLAT I" LET FOB
1 $'-'5 until August _ 1810 Page st.
•> 791 Jajl KSo N - VERY NICE FLAT; 7
-__■ —X rooms: upstairs; references: reasonable.
IpURNISHED FLAT 8 TO 8 RUOMS; GIVE
price and details. F., box 140, Call Olßoe.
SUN N V UPPER FLAT. 6 ROOMS AND BATH,
very nicely furnished; rent reasonable. '•--
Central aye. . near McAllister st.
INELY FURNISHEITfLAT 6 ROOMS AND
bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, ferries. Presidio and
City Hall: rent reasonable; water free. Address
H. C. J.. box 36. Call (Hire. '
FLATS TO LKT.
Ql 1 4-866S ri'l'Kll FI.AI. TALK A
•_ 1 '-'. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye. . '. T-:.-
-,Q90 ELLIS, NR. POLK— ELEGANT SUN NY
C _. O middle flat of 6 rooms and bath; #32 50.
«5« li\ 1130 VALENCIA— I 4 ROOMS: JXEWLY
_7"IV/. papered and painted; 2 floors ; every
room sunny. . AKHTON _ GARDINIiR, 411
Montgomery st.
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
♦ ) tages. from $6 to $20. SPECK _ CO., 602
Market st.
vWILaT; 4 ROOMS AND BATH; 16J^
Chesley st.; $12 per month: water free.
_» SUNNY ROOMS; 1 ARD AND CELLAR; 271
*-* Harriet st.
©in 417 UREEN; FIVE ROOMS ; NEWLY
<jp-l-". cleanea; garden and yard.
1 AQA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— BLACKSMITH
-IvOV/ shop; also flat of 7 rooms. Apply at 1036.
A ROOMS AND BATH; NICE NEW SUNNY
X flat. 4 Laus-a'. st, nr. Fillmore and ilaight.
4(\ 1 1 OAK. COR. LACUNA- LOWER FLAT;
•_U_2 4 clean rooms: $12.
LAT OF 5 ROOMS, BATH; COR. FELL AND
Laguna sis.: sunn- side; rent cheap.
A ROOMS: 2037^ MISSION ST.; KEY IN
tc grocery cor. Seventeenth st.: rent $13.
1 Ql A SACRAM_NTO-NICE FLAT 4 ROOMS
XOX _: and bath.
/< CQQ EIGHTEENTH ST.— 4 AND 5 ROOMS
rtOOiJ and bath; $12 and $13; electric lints.
907 WEBSTER— SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
— «v/ • modern conveniences.
ITPPKR AND LOWER FLATS: 3 AND 4
i rooms: very convenient; rent $7, $8. Inquire
941 Bryant su
_lv ' NEW 6-ROOM FLAT; BATH: MOD-
«JpIO. em: worth looking at- 1228 Union st.
UNNY F'ATS;S AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden: si 3 and $16. 1706 Poat st.
-T7>LATS OF FOUR BOOMS AND. BATH; $12
I and $13; 2408 Sacramento «1., % block frjui
Cooper college. : • ■ - "• ~ "■■■-1-
-1 ]pi FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT: 5
I 1 KJZ rooms and bath : near City Hall. '
IQA" -TEINEB. NEAR >UTT£R— LOWER-
IOv/l flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
lU_T-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
OW R FLAT— TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
■i 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard: sun all day; rent $14; water free. '
L Li-. AN T NEW FLA SEVENTH ST., BE-
£i low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 10 $16.
UNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st.
\_n7O TWENTY-THIRD; 100 .EETFROM.
'_V 7 It/ Castro cars; lovely sunny upper flat of 6
rooms; modern Improvements; rent only $16;
water free. ■
UOIS_K£EFIIiU KOO3IS. i
Bryant Avenue.
971 Q BRYANT AYE.— .ELEGANTLY FUB-
_. I XO nished sunny rooms : $12.
California Street.
9^_»l CALIFORNIA- 3 ELEGANTLY FUR
_.t)Ol nished rooms, bath, for housekeeping.
' Clay Street.
1 OO Z. CLAY— SIO; 2 FRONT ROOMS AND
JUOtJ storeroom; complete for housekeeping;
bath. .
i..ii-i street.
Q9^ ELLIS— NEATLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
»)_.»J keeping; also single rooms: reference.
C «_>9 ELLIS— HOUSEKEEPING; FOUR SUN-
t)O_ ny unfurnished rooms and bath.
7IOKLLIS- 2 OR 4 SUNNY FURNISHED
• IO housekeeping rooms; every convenience.
liiih street.
099 FIFTH HT.-2 FURNISHED ROOMS
••>— — ■ for housekeeping; rent $9.
QQC, FIFTH - FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
O£O Ing 2, $10; 3. $13; also single, $5.
Fulton Street.
1 "I (* FULTON-2 ROOMS: COMPLETE FOR
I 1 U housekeeping; $10.
tirant Avenue. "
5 OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR JIOUSE-
•J keeping: Kearny st., near Suiter; gas or water
free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Guerrero Street.
€>OA GUERRERO - 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
«,)_<_: for housekeeping; single rooms. . •
Howard Street.
-I 149 HOWARD-2 FRONT RUNNY FUR-
X- X_:_< nlshed housekeeping rooms: bath-
range; rent $12 50. ' '
"I fifiU HOWARD — 2 ROOMS, COMPLETE
XUUU for housekeeping, gas, private family-
. rent cheap. • -
Hyde Street. ™
9-1 f\ HYDE-SI FURNISHED HOUSE-
_- 1 U keeping rooms. . ■
Leaveuwortb Street.
LEAVENWORTH- 8 CONNECTING
J UXO sunny, unfurnished room; baih; gas;
yard. '" ' . '
" : ~ McAllister street.
COO MCALLISTER — 3 large UNFUR-
-000 nished housekeeping- also largo
basement rooms. - .
Mary Street.
-1 9fk MARY ST., 'NEAR N ATOM A: 2 ROOMS
- 1 -»' " furnished complete for housekeeping, $10.
3*ii.na .liO..
CMB MINNA — FURNISHED ROOM FOR
«) _U housekeeping: large yard.
.> tt-f. <i cc ,-
191 Q MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
J _. 1 O keeping rooms: gas; bath; no children.
. mill Street.
tin NINTH, Nil. MARKET— FRONT SUITES;
_-U housekeeping: 2 to 4 rms.: gas: stove; single.
Pearl .street.
') PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA-2
: •' or 3 sunny corner rooms, neatly furnished for
housekeeping; wa er and sink. .
1 oik Street.
717 POLK— NICE SUNNY M'ITEOFROOMS;
lit light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
I*owell Street.
Q-l f\ POWELL — 8 SUNNY FURNISHED
Oil/ rooms; complete for housekeeping; $17.
Seventh Street.
1 O(* SEVENTH ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
i OU housekeeping rooms, single and in suite; $7
up. ■ .- .'."■":.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
. South Park.
"I O SOUTH PARK-FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
-1 U nished housekeeping suites; fine location; $7
to $12 per month; alsy single. $1 per week up.
Mockton street. ; .
0~l Ol STOCKTON— 2 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
U-.02 large yard; running water. .
i^Aj l STOCKTON, NX. COR. GEARY ST., NR.
— •V/v/ the Emporium— 2 sunny unfurnished j
housekeeping rooms: $12; references. I
Tenth Mree..
mTENTH-2 OR 3 ELEGANT HOUSE-
keeping; piano; suitab c 2 couples; cheap.
. i.uil !».i cc
OOA THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE- j
«)•) i keeping rooms: water included; rent $6.
/"aolton HOUSE, 220 THIrtD— SINGLE,
V. 1 suites, housekeeping; $5 up; brick building.
TurK Street, .
I 1 TURK - &'. EGANTLY FURNISHED
X LO suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Twelfth Street.
1 O TWELFTH. NEAR MARKET-TWO OR
1 — three unfurnished front rooms, with kitchen,
for housekeeping. ■ ■ ■
Twenty-fourth Street.
QAfli TWENTY- NEAR VALEN
_U4: cia— Two sunny front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, $12.
Vsui _>««• Avenue.
inoVAN NESS AYE.— 2 ROOMS FUR-
■J U— nished for housekeeping; 1 front; tunny;
reasonable. '
v Washington Street.
CA.I WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
«)'>_. niBh°dlionsekeenlngroorns: running water.
ROOMS TO LET.
i>usli htreec.
1 BUSH. NEAR TAYLOR — PARLOR
t'll suite and single rooms: bath: gas.
-1 1 (\rj BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
11UI rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
_utly. Street. . •
EDDY, 118— CLEAN, NEWLY FURNISHED,
sunny rooms; central location: $5 up. ■
Q9Q EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
o— O front room; $7. ' " '
i •_iitlt street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, ?8 BTH
> St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
1-ilis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
lights In every room: reading-room contains all
daily papers; open ail night: rooms, per night, 36c
to $1 50; week. $2 to $8; month, $8 to $MJ: lire
escapes: elevator on office floor; r'ms for families. ■
rpHK RAMON A, 180 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot * cola water.
DOBKDAJLS HOUSE, 831 ELLIS-100 ROOMS
XI at reduced rent; satisfy yourself open all night.
000 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. T.
• )__ CALHOUN, prop.— First-class bousekeep-
)ng, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
Fifth Street.
1 fkQ FIFTH - NICE CLEAN SUNNY FUR-
JLUt/ nisbed rooms; &I 1 conveniences; cheap.
l>ti»ry M run .
OI 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
_«-L I 8 unfurnished rooms. Key at 217. i
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS:
handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
vuiuen Onic Avenue.
ri r* GOLDEN GATE AYE. - PLEASANT
OX D sunny rooms suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
Harrison Street.
4-1 n HARRISON-FURNISHED ROOMS TO
_:XO let for man and wife or single men.
Jackson Street.
-I -I 99 JACKSON — LARGE FRONT FUR-
-1 ______ nished room.
>. ones >■ roe.. -
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
suite; also sunny alcove room: private.
O/17 .MINKS — THIS VAN WJNKLK: NKW
_.U I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished: bath, etc.; 810 to 83U. i
' J-earny. street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEAKNY-PLKA9-
A. ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; -nicltui
id t very respect : terms reasonable. -
ia j KEARNY — LARGE WELL-LIGHTED
XUtt room, suitable forsnirtmakerortailor; $10.
■ ■ -iir Lark in Street." ■/ " ;
Q-l 7 LARKIN — HAS CHANGED. HANDS;
t/il nice sunny rooms, double,, single and
housekeeping; all furnisher, $7 up. , - .
Leavenworth street.
"I r9"l LEAVENWORTH— FLAT OF* FIVE
lt)_l rooms; modern improvements.
liurki>t -.tee..
707 MARKET, OPPOSITE EXAMINER OF-
ioi rice— nice sunny rooms: single or en suite;
transient or by week or month; reasonable.
V OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKKT — PER
' 1 night, 35c to $1; week. $1 50 10 $5: families.
Minna street.
m MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED
rooms, 750, $1 and upwards.
A 1 7 MINNA— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
_rX i rooms: private family: rent reasonable.
{•On MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
DO I furnished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
i • ibMon -.IDOi.
99991 MISSION— NICE LARGE ROOMS;
_-_.-_■.> new bedding; private family; special
care.
Post Street.
9901 POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
<__ ,03 rooms for gentlemen only. The Dornus.
Poll: Street.
1 1 Al POLK, COR. BUTTER-LARGE FRONT
J. l._ 1 sunny bay-window room.
Sacramento Street.
-1 onri SACRAMENTO— 3 ' ROOMS; RENT
XO-.U3 $10: separate entrance.
■-:-'■-" ■ MXlllS .
1 Ql SIXTH ST.-SUNNY FRONT BUITE
XO2 cheap: good for dentist; transient specialty.
sutler -i reei.
rf\(\ SUTTER, COR. POWELL— LARGE SUN-
OUU ny front suite, furnished or unfurnished:
also single. - - ' ■ - '
7A-» MUTTER. COR. TAYLOR (TUB SAN
I UO Reml)— Newly furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single ; references. .
Taylor Street. '-
IHO TAYLOR - LARGE SUNNY ROOMS,
IUJ separate beds ; $2 a week; running water;
gas.
Valencia Street.
m VALENCIA-SUNNY ROOMS. SINGLE
or en suite; housekeeping room*, with run-
ning water. '■■■'.
Van >es» Avenne. • '
7Q/1 AN ' NESS - SUNNY FURNISHED
I <*~t front: all conveniences: $8: no sign.
JJOAK_»INU ANt» KOO3IS. .
THE VICTOBIA, HW. COB. CALIFORNIA
and Hyde— 2 sunny corner suites, first floor;
ail modern Improvements; reference required.
QQQ GEARY— SUNNY SUITE, WITH PRI-
-000 vate bath, suitable for families; also gunny
single rooms: excellent board. '
El n TAYLOR— a SUNNY LARGE ROOMS,
_________________!______ __________
r ( |9 VAN NESS A YE.— HANDSOMELY FUR-
_>v/_j nished parlor floor; board optional.
01 i A VAN NESS AV-— KLKGAN ' ROOM*,
O w v with board; pleasant nome for young men.
790 "UTTER (IMPERIAL HOTEL)— SUNNY
• -.O suites; single rooms; excellent table board.
OT*.L BEKTUNG, 714 J.UfcjH- A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; alluiod-
» r't rorivpnlon' 1
CHIiDKK.V BOAKUKL*. . 
AT 401 TaS~loSe' Tv_T~X' "PLE ASA NT
home for child; refined family; good care:
. terms moderate. ■ . . . • .
UriDOW IN THE COUNTRY WOULD LIKE
'» care of 1 or 2 children, or baby: mother's
care. MRS. C. SHIVERS, Aotlocb, Cal.
£91 PINE ST.— INFANT OR CHILDREN to
"»— 1 board; refined home; sunny yard; beat of
care. •
'■■ STORKS 'IO LKT. ' v :
S"^TORIO S^?tTal?_E FTur^mjEsl-OI^OR
cheap gents furnishing store; cheap rent. 744
Fourth st. " • :
TORE: $15;- 1007% LARKIN, COR. POST;
new; living rooms. KELLY, 102 Eddy.
STORE AND 6 NICE ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
good for branch bakery or shoemaker: rent,
$lf>. 112 San Jose aye. ' " '■ '
, / OFFICJSS TO LKT.
S^^TR^cTcEL^^uTLDTNoT^fliiT MARKET^"
C 5 Elegant sunny Offices, $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at buildlu 1
or G. H. UMBSKN «ft CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING machines.
ki nds bought, sold, exchanged,
__. rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Jb'ounb v.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1896.
HOTEL. TO LEASE. .
6TEL~T(i LEASE FOB A TERM OF
new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms; also around floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, y-j block N. of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly. rurnistnd throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms.. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVKRBERG, 320
Sansome St., room 39. '
') ■ ■ HOTEL TO LET.
TO £ET^TTlE~^vr^ 317-319
Bush si.: this well-known hotel is thorou-.-hly
renovated, considerably improved; compares witn
best 2il-class hotel In town. MAMS' >N A BUIiKK \
MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF™IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time -
and expense: consultation free and confidential. -
MRH, DR. WY-TH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
nAT-VRRII CURED EVERY TIME: THE
\J best remedy. A. S. WHALOCH, Maine House,
618 K'.-aruy st.
R. PE.NA checks it IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief ; successful treatment; diseases
of bom sines a specialty. 7 Grant av.\ . ; '
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
nietn or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female tiouUes, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can hi sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and surf call on a
man : physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny si.
I'L.ESSING TO LA DIES— INSTANT RE-
li' i for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause- by tbe most experienced ladies' physicians
in Sal' Francisco, who restore all cases at once by
an in' proved method, superior to others: ladies
will sue time and money: be assured of honest
treatment by consulting the doctors before calling
elsewhere: patients who have been imposed upon
are si -dally Invited: home In confinement; «d-
-vict»f cc. DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister
St.. m, xi Hibernla Bank.
"I A ."•' FES, CONSULT FREE mks. DR. SCOTT.
X.I 2!t> Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for «■ c I fail to cure; ' diseases of the eyes treated.
T>sVCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CUKES
-I paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and urn-;
troubles; no charge unless cured. 8 Mason si.,
corner Market, room 11. ;
D" Rf.\ GOODWIN, DIBISA-E.S OF WOMEN A
secial.y; un excel ed In restoring Irregularity
orot: -.T conditions; home in confinement: best of
care;, low fees; pills $2. . Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister at.
R • lOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
t*'s removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
P_'.%ARD'» Pl_L*-DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty; also "line Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
Macl*>nough building, Oakland.
R'sT DR. WEGENER takes ladies be-
f; re and during confinement: infants adopted
Into >ood homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
If Irregular or ANY 7 " FEMALE di*-
ea •■:« see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 254V a Fourth st.
]CjT< E PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
-i." all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
term- moderate. Office, 235 Kearuy si., room 9.~
R i VATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
DH. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
UV.E CURE FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASES,
fr-'io i whatever cause: a home in confinement
with ■, every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MHS- DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
TTn HALL. 14 MCALLISTER street, njbak
XJ' m Jones. Lineages of women and children.
A LPEAU'B FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
-TL ladles troubled with Irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; $2 50 ..press C. O. D. don't delay
: until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, cal.
A vVE_KS NEWS FOR 5' CENTS—
! -A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. .
; TYPEWRITERS. ~
■VO!«rT3OT*CATiaRAPHrS2S; J SEND FOR
X sample work. SCOTT & -ANNAN. 333 Monty
TRUSTEES' SALES. .
rpRUSTEES 1 SALE.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by MELVINa J.
DAYTON and DATUS D. DAYTON (her hus-
band), parties of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the SAN
. FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated December 21*t, 1893 ; an 1 recorded
In the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Tulare, State of California. In liber 10 of Trust
Deeds, at pages 393, and ' following, and in pursu-
ance of a resolution passed on the 23d day of
j April, 1896, by the Board of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
' and the holder of the note (No. 12,687), to secure
] payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums,
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said indebt-
edness.
\\*. HENRY C CAMPBELL and THADDETTS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 16th day of June, A. D. 1896. at
i 12 o'clock, noon, of that day. and -at the auction
i salesroom of Easton, Kid ridge <fc Co., No. 638
, Market street, in the City and County of San Fran-
i Cisco, State of California, we will sell at. public
| auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin
j of the United States, all the pieces or parcels of
I land situate in the County of Tulare, State of Cali-
I fornia, described as follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In Township Twenty (20) South, RangeTwenty-
four (24) East, Mount Diablo Rush and Meridian.
Of Section Twenty-three (23). the northeast
quarter of the northeast quarter (NE l _ of NE V*),
and lots numbers one (1) and two (2), containing
one bundle i and forty and eighty-nine one-hun-
dredths (140.89) acres of land:
Excepting therefrom, however, a strip Of land
one hundred (100) feet wide, lying equally on each
side of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company's
track constructed on said land, ' together with the
appurtenances. • '> ■ ■
TERMS OF SALE.— in Gold Coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer;- balance on de-
livery of deed: and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. > -______.
THADDEUS B. KENT, / lnmees#
rrmusTEES' SALE— IN accordance with
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by OTTO BR v N DT,
party of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the San Francisco Savings
Union, party of the third part, dated February Bth,
1893, and recorded in the otlice of the county Re-
corder Of the county of Tv are, Slate of California,
In Liber 10 of Trust Deeds, at page 265, and follow-
ing: and in pursuance of a resolution passed on
the 14th day of May, 1896, by the Board of Direc-
tors of said San Francisco savings Union, a cor-
poration, and tbe bolder of tbe note (No. 12,292),
to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums, due under said note and deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said HKNRY
! C. CAMPBELL and THADDKUS B. KENT,
I Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness. ■ r •
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
• B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 23d day of June, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that 'day, and at the auction sales-
room of Easton, Eldridge & Co., No. 638 Market
street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United states, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate in the county of Kings (formerly part of the
county of Tulare), State of California, described as
follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United Stales: *
In township nineteen (19) south, range twenty-
one (21) east, Mount Diablo base ana meridian. -
Of section thirty (30). the northwest quarter
(NW. 1,4).
Of section thirty-two (32), the northwest quar-
ter (NW. V*). • . ■ ■■-' '- . ; ■■
containing three hundred 'and twenty (320)
acres of land, more or less.
Together with the appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed; and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, „ , _
Til A 1 ) I ) KVS B. KENT. ; r"Bte«3.
~~~" ~ ■-. PROPOSALS.- - . ~™
ROPOSALs" for ■Supplies "for vete-
JL rans' Home Association— Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at its orllce, room 3, 820 Sansome street
.San Francisco, Cal., ui> to 10 o'clock a. m., Satur-
day. June 27, 1896, and opened Immediately there-
atter in the presence of bidders, tor lurnishing and
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies
for the Ye erans' Home, Napa County, California
(railroad station, Yountvllle), for the six months
commencing July 1,1896, and ending DecemDer
81. 1896.
Schedules with Information and Instructions for
snbmiltin bids will be furnished upon application
by the undersigned. Bidders will carefully follow
the condiiloi sof the schedules, and no bid wi 1 be
considered. unless It is in accordance with such
schedules Each bhlder must accompany his bid
with a certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at leist 10 per cent
of the amount of his bill, payable to J. c Currier
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder will enter
Into,* g od and valid contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids, and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified
Address J. J. -COVILLK, Secretary Veterans'
Home A soclntloi. room 13,320 Sansome street.
San Francisco, Cal. ' ...-■-,.. ,
By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. HCQVILi K. secretary.;
P ROPOSALS FOR A lU.\Llt..;ii -.ulL.v-
-_. bead and bituminous yard work— Sealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent •of
Common Schools In open session of the Board of
Education, new Ci y Hull, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1596. at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead aml lor bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmopolitan
• Grammer -School in accordance . with plans and
(specifications (and thecoc liions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55,1 Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. GEORGE BEAN STON, Secretary.
EDUCATIONAL,.
K^TM^KL^nXE^S_?Y^_^CST4^U^FrE-iis^
vocal music: piano; elocution > for parlor,
stage, rostrum,, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes- I
pearean and general dramatlc'elocutlon a specially ; j
vocal classes Monday 8 p. m.; $1 per month.
i>IA~NO AND GUITAR LESSONS .AT PU-
-1 nils' home: " 60c half-hour; . best « references.
Address Piano, box 12. Call office.
CMKKEr.PINO BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant teaching; Vg time and far more practical
than any college: rapid calculations. 659 Market.
* TTEND STIEHL'SCOLLF.GE, 723 MARKET
A. St. The very b"Bt individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons In shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRA MR
day&nl.ht;nocla $5 month. 846 Mission
ECU !'S 10- LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE !
latest and test; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), _V 5. 927 MarKet.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL.
VJT lessons: $3 mo. MARY WEsTH AUS. 39 Fifth.
PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
Xes lues, and Frl. Misses H Li DP V, 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, gul.ar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GRKVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
t) Ninth at. ".
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CABTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d,,r..'.7.
v_P_.NI«H, Jf'KENOH, HERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelstersohaft School Lnnsrtiaoes. 12'J O'Farrell s;-
Y RES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 325 Montgomery st.;. Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
pELASiCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X) private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
CIIOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, M_-
kJ chaulcal engineering, surveying, architecture
assay j estab. 64. VANDER NAILLEN, 72_Mks.
HKAI.DS BUSINESS COLLEGE, ~_4 POST ST.
XI Bookkeeping, business practice, thorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modaca
languages rapidly laucht. Write for catalogue.
(V; llilll bUliUULlti — Aijt.' a til S. t\ i___i,_;il
1\ Post: commercial. --horhand. tnt-lisli • low r<t »<
WEEK'S NEWS . FOR CENTS —
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
Ml Si CAL _^'_ STIIUMI!:N: -S'~
ISHER UPRIGHTrSI2S; • MARSHALL "_
Wendell, $125: bargains a $150 and $175.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market.
SLIGHTLY USED HAKDMAN UPRIGHT;
magnificent tone and case; lady leaving for
New York and wants an offer. Room 10, Flood
building. ■ '. ■ ■■
Al AGMFICENT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT;
i'l lady forced to sell. Room 10, 809 Market st.
■PIANOS' 'HALF PRICE.
X ADMINISTRATOR'S sale .
to CLOSE estatk of chas S. eaton.
MUST SEL . -
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
<J_ «C HALLBT& DAVIS PIANO FOR SALE;
£*VltJ. $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth St.
dj» 1 4»- FINE BABY GRAND PIANO: A
_*■ 1 —■«->. bargain. 614 Butter. ■ '
ELEOANT PIANO; SLIGHTLY USED; FINE
i Jt order; cheap. Sheriff's warehouse, 211 Larkin.
8 OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month ii is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHE KM AN,
CLAY & CO., Stein way representatives.
STEINWAY $175; STECK $150; STERL-
iUKSIOO;Ladd $60. BR VENN'S, 228 Post.
LAN IS— DO YOU WANT ONE? ' FINEST.
JL stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CK H CO., 933 Market st, >
TEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
k5 at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPEiSCER CO.,
933 Market st. -
"DEFORE BUYING SEE MAINE BROS. 1 , BUSH
-L) & Gerts and Knabe ' pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st. :
f\ LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
I landed In New York; just the chance to buy a fine
I instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins, $1 35; mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, - violin outfits, etc. ; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building. .'
_: 1 9'"% FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
>„ 1 — •>. McAllister St., next to Hlbernla Bank.
/^HICKKKING, KNABK. "_TjSCK, VOSE, BTKB-
| \J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
; ;orrent. BENJ..CURTAZ & SON. IB O'Farrell.
YKON MAL7.V, SOS POST ST.— SOHMKH,
Newby * Evans. P-riK_s «nd other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD_TnEW
H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
WERKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
, bicycles.
s^9s~vic™rT"gl)6T^
. irame; for tall man.,- F. W. MERRILL, 417
Montgomery st. ■ .
TTICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, S2S TO $U5. HAM-
-1 > ilton Cyctery, Baker su, near Hayes.
I >ICYCLKB FOR $20, $25, ;s_o, $35, $40, $45,
1) $50, second-hand. 306 Post st. .
T?OR SALE— '96 BAMBLKrTwaRWICK: IM-
-T penal and Clipper. bicycles at great gains.
303 Larkin st, -
BICYCI-ES-$2O, $30, $40, $50: RAMBLER.
Victor,' Stearns. Cleveland." 1610 Market st. "
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary. Mo-
j All later and Powell st. car lines. _-
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0... 510,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0... 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-bouses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
H. C. DECKER, 10^0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
L OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY IN-
F come property: in the famous Santa Clara Val-
ley; fine 4-year-old prune orchard: lovely
new cottage, windmill, etc. C. 8., 3004 Laguna st.
IOQ/t ACRES TIMBER LAND. KKRN CO.;
I -OW water: line for catlle-rnls : ng. N..bx.16.Ca1l
-.EGA- NOTICES.
TyjOTTc^^^U^KßE^Y^nVEN^Y^O^^
i.\ th." Board of Directors of the San Francisco
and an Joaquin Valley Railway Company that a
meeting of the stockholders of said company has
I been called by said board, to be held on TUES-
{ DAY, the 16th day of June, 1896, at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon, at the principal place of business of
said company,- at the building where the said
Board of Directors usually meets, namely, at the
office of said ' company, No. 321 Market street, in
the city and county of San Francisco, in the State
of California; tbat the object of said meeting is to
consider and act upon the proposition that said
company create' a bonded Indebtedness of six mil-
lion dollars ($6,000,000) in gold coin of the United
States, for the ■ purpose of raising money to com-
plete the construction and equipment of the rail-
road of this corporation from the city, and county
of San Francisco to the town of Bakersfield, in the
county of Kern, State of California, and to pur-
chase and pay for any other property w Ithln the
purposes of said company, and to secure the
bonded Indebtedness so proposed to be created by
a mortgage or trust deed upon the railroad and
railroad lines and other property of said company
now owned or hereafter to be acquired by said
company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway Com-
pany.
[Corporate seal.] ALEXANDER MACK lE,
Secretary the San Francisco and San Joaquin
• Valley Railway Company.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN AND FOR
the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California— Department No. 9 (Probate). '■ ■ - - \
In the matter of the estate of DAVID GOOD-
ALE, deceased.' Order to show cause why order
Of sale of real estate should not be made. I
A. C FRKEHE, the administrator of the estate
of DAVID GOODALE, deceased, having filed his
petition herein," duly verified, praying for an
order of : tale of the whole of the real estate of said
decedent, for the pun oses therein set forth.
It is therefore ordered by the said court that t!l
persons interested in the estate of said deceased
appear before the said Superior Court on Monday,
the 18th day of July, 1896, at 10 o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at tne courtroom of Depart
men t No. 9 (Probate) of said Superior Court, at
the new City Hull in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of Callforn'a, to show cause why
an order should not be granted to the said amlnls-
traior to sell so much of the real estate of the said
deceased as shall be necessary. :sjniixemwKjaMgim
And that a copy of this order be published at
least' once a week for 4 successive- weeks in the
Sax KBANCIBCO Call, a newspaper, printed and
published In said City and county.
Dated June 12, A.D. 1-.96.
j. V. COFFEY, Judge of the Superior Court.
J D. SULi.IVAN, Attorney for Petitioner. Chron-
. icle building, San Francisco, Cal. ■_
"PURSUANT TO A DECRK OK FOR EC LO-
X sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896, " notice Is hereby, given that the property
hereunder described will be sold tit public auction
at tne Courthouse (Aiilolani Hale) In Honolulu.
Island of Oahu, H. x., on Wednesday. August 26,
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. p. i . JONEs,
.. , ' Receiver of Lanal Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanal Ranch, lo-
cated on ihe island of Lanai, coinr rising 11,500
acres more or le^s In tee simple, and leases if 48,-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable oi which do not expire until 1916-
-the annuui rentals are about $1800. - -. .•■,•,-.■.
; This esti te is well fitted, for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses for all purposes, all In good re-
pair, with- < (sterns, r wooished and Dregs, . and a
ilo.'k of 24,000 sheep. 550 head of cattle, and 200
horses by actual count.
i be lan is are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of cattle,- As ash*-ep run it Is
the most v luab eonti • Islands. Trie lands now
owned and con'rol by present o.vners virtually
' control the entire is un<l o Lmm. :r. ■ ■
'■ • There are ricb grilses suitable for breeding and
| fattening Of stock, and are entirely free from lau-
tau»; there are no mons-oose or wild dogs on the
j island. \Uh\\ WiUW*il>H V"i~l l 'lM^rft|"rtfi_ l (|i>>HiH'*Mi aim
St. -urn communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week. ' ■■ • ..;."-.-,•
- A map showing all the lands con: rolled by the
estate and a detailed | schedule |of ■ the property to
De sold can be seen and further particulars can be
had at the office of Messrs. Welch <_ Co., 220 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco. .'. <„• .
Terms of sale will be cash in United States gold
coin. -
Honolulu, May 15, 1896.
. P. C. JONES, Receiver.;
' * CITY REAL estate. : _____'_'"
ElegantT^lats.' " ■■'- ! -~"^~ *-^~
' - , half A block
FROM PARK panhandle.
(-Qfinn TWO HANDSOMK MODERN
«JpOv/l/V'. flats of 7 »nd 8. rooms and bath, i
beautifully decorated; only four years old, on Lyon
st. Only $1500 cash required; lot -.fix^l :9 ft. "
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
• 638 Market St. i
iSSiuN RESIDENCE. - - ' -' '■ " '"
NKAR' CASTRO AND 24TH STS.
MODI AND NKAHLY NEW.
<_ -1 hAH TWO-STORY HOU-'E- 8 ROOMS
(J-ii)lfll. and bath, high basement: hand-
somely decorated and In first-class condition.
Only four years old. - ... ... •■. .
easton, eldridoe _ co.,
; '," ■ 638 Market st.
GOuD VKsr.UIi.NT.
Ijr WELL-BUILT FLATS,
AT ABARHAIN. *
01*AZ.(\(\ FOUR FINK FLATS OF 4 AND 5
t|s_:tJUv/. rooms and bath on a corner on La-
guna st.: rents low for $45 per month. Lot 31:3 x
100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDUB; & CO.,
- ' - 638 Market st.
ANDSOME HOME. - ■ ■" ■■
ALMOST NEW.
NEAR THE PARK PANHANDLE.
«9'A MODERN COTTaGE, 6 ROOMS
?J)T"_.«JV/, and bath,' high basement; on the
north side of Hayes si., near i.yon; lot 25x100
feet; mortgage $ 500 In liibernia'Uank .an remain.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO.,
. - - . 638 Market sU
FINK FLAT -. :
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
AT A SACRIFICE.
Gr^nnn a pair of elegant modern
tIpOUUIJ. fiats of 5 and 7 rooms and bath; well
built and in good condition, brick foundation, high
basement, etc.; only four years old; cost $8000;
choice neighborhood and' always rented: lot 25x
137:6 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.,
638 Market st.
tjpOUU ,- ' BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
A PRETTY HOME.
<J_QnflA A NEW MODERN COTTAGE. 6
tJpOUUv/. rooms and baib, and all the latest con-
veniences; well bull.; very sunny; one block from
Castro-st. car line; key lot. 25x105 ft.
EASI'ON, ELDRIDGE & UO.,
H3B Market st. ■
ISSION FLATS. . ' . ■
NEAR SANCHEZ AND 18TH STS.
MUST BE SOLD.
GiQ'fifV TWO FINE FLATS OF 5 ROOMS
iJ)O' \J\J. and bath each: brick foundation,
street bituminized, -always rented, pays $360 per'
annum; f2i;oo payable, $42 70 per month can re-
main: lot 25-100 It, _ , .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
SPECIAL LIST
OF BARGAINS
IN CHOICE LOTS.
$4000— NW. . cor. Church and Army; 88x80;
business corner. .
$36U0— Corner near Laguna and O'Farrell; 25x
62:6. '
$3500— Washington St.. near Devisadero; 30x
127:814; street bl umlnized.
$3400— choice lots on Presidio Heights; 50
x 127:8: reduced from $4000.
$3250— Vallejo, near Lyon; 51:6x137:6; marine
view; very cheap.
$3000— near Oak; 25x96:10; overlooking
the Park Panhandle. 1
\ $2104— Clayton, near Page; 25x106:3; reduced
from $3000. ' ,
$1650— Cor. Sanchez and Cumberland; 114x105.
$1100-Lake, near 2J aye.; 25x102:6; the choic-
est part of Richmond.
$900— 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; 150x100.
$800—1 St., near 12th aye.; 25.\100; easy terms.
$.50— 10 th aye., near California; 25x120: very
cheap. '
$400— 25th aye., Point Lobos; 25x120; graded;
street macadamized.
$300 each— Two lots In Sunnyside; 25x112:6
each; worth $500. ■
EASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
-'. - 638 Market st.
T> IG BARGAIN.
$1965— 0ak st., near Ashbury: 25x100: cement
sidewalk and granite curb laid; $12 bank mort-
gage can remain. TOBIN _ JUcN ALLY, 630
Ma _et st. ',-"■'
_nn7" NEAT, COSY, MODERN COT-
O—-« ' '■•'• tage of 5 rooms and bath ; on Noe St.,
bet. 26th and Clipper; owner means sell; see it to-
day: terms to suit: lot 25x85. TOBIN & Me-
N ALLY. 630 Market st. " ■
C (\ LOTS.
UU $50 CASH. .
$10 MONTHLY.
$750 AND UPWARD*
Go out to-day and see the block fronting on
Ninth and Tenth ayes., II and I sts.: facing
Golden Gate Park all : the streets are graded,
sidewalks laid, gas and water piped to the
property. The cheapest lots south of the
park. Bay one.
BALDWIN* HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
<_»£Ofk BUILDS 4-ROOM (BATH) COTTAGE;
UpOOV will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY,
builder. 2010 Ellis st. ■ ■
INCOME PROPERTY: RENTS *225 PER
1 month; corner lot, 56x275: splendid location
for factory or any inside business: within 5 blocks
of new City Hail; full benefit <>• 25-f out street the
depth of property ; this Is. a sound investment, as
the lot is worth more than the price asked and
will double in value in the next 5 years: price
$20,000; $9000 mortgage can remain; make an
offer: principals only; no agents. Address In-
come, box 17, Call Office. ' .
(_. Q JEJnjjft .1 FINTBH~EITi TWO-STORY
«3pOtJUU. . bay-window house of 7 rooms: bath;
latest improvements; $500 cash. Bryant aye., nr.
Twenty-first st. ; house open. :
_QAA NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; 6 RMS.;
tipOUU. hard finished. Inquire 210 Andover
aye., bet Crescent and East aye.. Holly Park Tract.
ÜBSTANTIAL, MODERN " house built
► * at from $150 to $276 a room: call' and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY ( 1149 Mission st.
UBT COMPLETED; HOUSE OF 14 ROOMS
O and servant's room; 2 baths; finished in natu-
ral woods— oak, bird's-eye maple, mahogany and
curly redwood: gas and Incandescent lighting;
Presidio Heights, cor. Clay and Laurel. Apply to
owner on premises. . ■■-.".'.
SAN RAFAEL: LOT 75x180; WORTH $3000;
will sell for $1600; nicest lot in town; accepted
street. J. R. ROCHE. San Rafael.
CIHEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
VJ rooms; bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller st., nr.stanyan, y 2 block G. Gate Park.
_.. . I T\ HOITAUK 6 ROOMS AND BATH
«_)_.!' » U. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400; lot 40x120; $25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st._
}~7'0R7 SALI-— HOUSE OF 3 FLATS; LOT 25 x
110; rents $55 per mouth. Address C. A., box
102. Call Office ■ . !
VfKW COTTAGE, 923 * HKiv ST., .*i-.a .. -i .31.;
-Li 5 rooms and bath; high-finished basement;
porcelain tub; substantially built; everything
modern and convenient: price $2900; e_»y terms;
equal to rent, If desired; lot 26x100 fee;.; owner
on premises daily. '
ig bargain— an elegant home, $700
I > cash, balance monthly, 2-story, 6 rooms, bath,
high 'basement, fine barn and drive; lot 28x120:
only $3400; fine location. 385 First aye., nr.
Clement su, owner 1402 Devisadero st.
A COB HEY MAN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
removed to 11 Montgomery st.
~~ MONEY TO LOAN. , :
TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN OS
life Insurance policies. 83 i Pine st. .
IF YOU WISH TO SELL YOUR MORTGAGE
call CHAS. H. BANE, Atty-at-law, 927 Market.
LOANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
IST _ 2i> MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E*
ten slowest rates ;no deIay.MURPHY.62B Mrku
A DVANCESONDIAMONDH.JEWELKY, JSTO
J\ Columbia Loan «fc Collateral Office. 9 Gram aye.
OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
■(mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
—X jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market St.; open evenings.. ' . °
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 8D MORTGAGES:
A. estates, undivided interests, real estate in nro-
tome. McCOLGAN. 24 Montcornery, room 3. ■
OANH ON BONDS, diamonds, watches,
jewelry, silverware;' sealskins, silks and instru-
ments: Interest- low: private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. " .' ' V" ' -,
ONEY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call. .
VIONKY loaned ON ■ JKWisLKY ANU
IV I other valuables at the .Security. Loan Offic*.
l]C6Marketst..nr. Mason; private entrance 7 TOxIC
I |IKECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
1* no removal: no delays; no commission.: low
Interest. Km, 68, Donohu^ blrlsr, 1170 Market st.
«[__?• A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
Zg3y WEEKI CALL, to wrapper, for mailing.
PAWNBROKERS.
~A T 12^KEA3iNV^Bf^1iiOoli""9^MON_rY
A. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rate*: pn-
Tatg rooms: elevator: pledges for sal ) cheap. -
MONEY WANTED. .
ANTED— A LOAN OF $325 FOR SHORT
lime;' family jewels security. S. J., box 17
Call orllce. . ■ ■ -'"";'-
-• ANTED— SSOO; GOOD SECURITY. GOOD
" In.eresr. i Address C. P.. box 163, Cull office.
HAYWAKDS ;PKOF_i;TY. ...
(■)l\ ACRES^HOUBE. BARNV^VELL,. WIND-'
_.U mill and tank; chic en-hnus s: 5 acres bear-
in i? fruit and vines: 12 Hcrps.ln hay; plenty of
wood; running stream of water:- 2 miles from'
town- a positive sacrifice^ price $2750 i: WIL-
BERT, Castro st. near B, Hay wards, Cal. . : .
- 30, 16 A.ND 20 ACR TRACTS; IN i THE
0 heart of the valley; rich, level land: in tracts to
suit; price »200 per. acre. Call on or addrtss P.
WILBKRT. Casiro s'.. near B. Hayward". Cal.
PHYSICIANS.
"p^MOVISD^DR. C. C. O'DO^NTJ_L^To"i_65
XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
1 \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
country re a_ estate.
IF ' TOU want a beautiful and ' puo-
X ductlve home, read this— 4B acre* near large
town in Alameda. County, 25 acres 01 which in
bearing fruit and nut trees, balance hay and pas- C
turage; a 1 naid«n soil; house, barn, c: running
water: fine oak and sycamore trees; first-class (
neighborhood: perfect cli-nate: price reduced to
$6000, including a 1 personal properly: don't miss .
seeing this flue home. H. H. CkaNE, 410 Mont- ■
gomery si. - ..- - _. ]
90 A 30-ACRE LOVELY RANCH, ONLY
(FX'W U. few minutes' from town: nice new j
house, bam and complex farm in outfit • see lir.3
aud you will buy. .SPi.CK a CO., 602 Market st. (
Qn~l'PirV a "".Tick 10-acßj- FARM, 1%
fJpl'-O". miles from town, all in cnoice fruit, f
grapes -and berries; all tools, chickens, etc., In-
cluded. See SPECK _ CO., 602 Market st. ■
"I HAVE • SEVERAL SMALL IMPROVED
X homes near tins city for sale at low prices and ]
easy terms; also properties tor exchange. It. 11.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery st. .-. .. .
O-ACRE THICKEN "RANCH NKAR OAK-
— land: 8-room house; offered at oiie-half its 1
Value. DECKER, lO^'O Market at.
L HC if . ORCHARD - 10- ACRK. TRACTS, ,
■T fruit cannery connected with orchard; work ■
for men by the ear: women and children during
frut season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. ha 1,1.. 'Alameda.
x UMKIIA . nL'NTV FRUIT. LAND;
I •"I choicest in the State: selling in tracts, 5 acres <
upward, $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell: IVi hours from
San Francisco: easy terms; title perfect. ' 57
Chronicle building : _ ,
(I_ i •7w\7| FOR sale OR kxchas..*,; Tv
«JpUU\JW. acres planted all varieties fruit; 4-
room bouse, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
ing utensils included. Apply F.B. HOOSON. Hay-
wards. ' '
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $.0 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. - -
OR HOMES IN LOSG4TOB OR ORCHARDS
in tbe vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. U. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble _ Co. ' ■ . ■
St.MJ I'UK Oliß.LlSl' OF -ORCHARD H.U->l_S
lor sale. W OUSTER 4 WH.rj.TOX. San Jos?.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOWE JO TOWN; Til"
Ju proved; easy terms; "also 4, 6 and 1_ acre
pieces on 8 and 10 yean' credit; 3 partly Improved.,
with small house, eta I). H. TWIiNU, tionotu*
City. Inquire 682 Market st. 8. F. ;
L'OK SALE TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER
-T for cash, 10 acres of Tragedy prunes on the
trees; crop -aoout ten tons. Apply RO-ERT
JACKS. 214 Brannan st.
_i^?vftn 36 ACRES. ADJOINING TOWN IN
«Jn OOyJxJ. Sonoma COHnty; 12 acres orchard,
bearing; house, barn, windmill and tank: also sev-
eral fine lots in the town: all level, black loam
land ; sale or exchange for larger tract.
LOT 50X140 IN ' EAST OAKLAND, HOUSE
of 9 rooms and basement, for saieor exchange;
will accept vacant Aits in ban Francisco
<l_ 91 flf\ 20 ACRES OF CHOICE LAND
tSi^tL\t\J. with 17 acres in peaches 4 or 5 years
old; half a mile from station and railroad; very
cheap; $600 cash, balance to suit.
EDWIN K. ALMIP & CO., room 29, second
floor, Mills building, San Francisco. ' ■
1"<or sale— ACRES of land IN PALO
X Alto in lots to suit. H. W. BROWN, 12 Mont-
comery St., rooms 13 and 14. ' ■• ' .■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
FITCH BURG ! ! """'"'""
SAN LEANDRO AND HAYWARDS LOCAL
Southern Pacific Company.
Direct, fast ferry trains. Distance and time shorter
• than to Alameda or Berkeley.
From !?,„_, I From
San Francisco. Oakland Foot ' *"»chburK to
Foot of Market '° O f Bro_dw_v ! San Francisco
Street. of Broad* ■?• 1 nd Oakland. .
f6:OOA *6:36 a 6:30 a
8:00 a 8:36 a . 9:00 a
9:00 a 0:36 a -10:00 a
10:00 a ; 10:36 a 11:00 a
•11:00 a *11:36 a 12:00 a
2:00 p 2:36 P 1 :0» P
3:00 p 3:36 p. 4:00 p
4:00p 4:36 p 5:00 p
6:00 p 5:86 5:30 p
6:80 p 6:05 p 7:00
7:00 p 7:36 p 8:00 P /
8:00 P B:S6p 9:00 p
9:00 p 9:36 P 10:05 p
**11:15 **11:51P | **11:45p
* Runs through to Niles. ** Mondays. Thursdays
and Saturdays, a Forenoon, r Afternoon.
Fitchburg is 45 minutes from San Francisco on
the S. P. main to Ni:es, Llvermore and San
Jose. San Leandro and Havwar.is electric cars
cv ry few minutes to Fruitvale, Oakland, and Ala- '
meda, which cities it is immediately udjaceit to
I and rivals as a cioice locality for homes. All
I the conveniences of a metropolis without the pay-
j ment of city taxes. The first cos: of a lot in a city
will buy a quarter to a half block In Fitchburg. He
I first to get in and grow up with the town. Lots 25
I and 50 by 100 to 200 only $100. to «^OO. Small
cash payment, balance easy terms.. Look at un-
sightly tracts, then come to the promising town of
Fi.chbiire for lots at reasonable prices.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., 8. F.
THAD. 8. FITCH, Fltchburg. . . '.
OR SALE— A SNAP FOR 15 DAYS! SE. COR.,
100x125; nice 4-room house and barn; well
and city water; price $1500; $900 cash; balance
can remain: lot cost $1500. Apply to S. S. AUS-
TIN, 1101 Twenty-third aye., East Oakland.
C?O7Ci» READ! READ READ! $30 PER
«]n_j 1 O\J . month and no cash down fora new
modern 8-room house: bath; lot 35x125. ALUEN-
_ CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland. '
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent' to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 91 60, post-
age free.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
ARGE, NEVV\ lIT^ROOAI E_)
J dwelling (overlooking Lake Merritt) with mod-
ern conveniences for rent. For particulars call at
premises between 3 and 5 p. m., 121 Lake st,, Oak-
land. ■ - .-
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
M~~ARTPOSA— MRB. EMMA H. ADAMS—
Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 566
Eleventh su, near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
1 [FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LET,
-T with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTiSEMENIS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
AL.A.IKDA KEAL ESTATE.
HAVE T^r^OFFTnT^FT^^A^F^V^-TAYS
only 4 lots located in one of Alameda's choicest
localities; street work complete; these lots must
be sold and can be bought for 25 per cent less than
value. For further Information call on or address
A. H. BLOW, JOlO Broadway, Oakland.
d_9qnn $300 CASH AND $25 . per
«IP_JOvU. month; 'new cottage of 5 100 ms and
bath.
93250-$5OO cash and $30 per month; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath. ! '
$400 J— $800 cash and $40 per month: new
bouse of 7 rooms and batb. .
All large lots aud convenient to cars: we have
on hand a number of beautiful' Alameda homes for
sale on very easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEONARD
COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Alameda.
STORY; NEW; 10 ROOMS: ALL MODERN
-J improvements: finely furnished; ' gas and
water; o ly $5500: large lot.
To rent— Four finely furnished houses: also un-
furnished. . JLDD, 1424 ParK st., Alameda.
<_^fM»fi' BEAUTIJTUL NEW MODERN
«IpUv/Uv/. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one block west of | Park st.; it will surely please
you; investigate: terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
AKGAIN-$1350; NEAR. BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: ' house of six room's; $350 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. "WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance o secure a home on
easy terms:4 , 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. K. 1)1 NKK. real estate, architect and
builder. 1502 Seventh it.. Alnmeda.
BERKELEY KEA L ESTATE.
or~salel
■..•.-•■-.-.' ■ ' BERKELEY. :
I $1600— Modern 4-room bay-window cottage: lot
I 40x103; well, tank ana windmill: garden: a bar.
: gain; Stanley and Grave; electric cars; 4 minutes
! to ' Adeline station: part cash. X O. ' OEL_E-
RICH. For particulars address Lori n Postotßcw.
V[O HESITATION A BOUT THIS-IT REALLY
XI - Is . beautiful Berkeley and one of me prettiest
places for sale is tha: 6-room cottxne near station
'and ectric cars, and wi.hin 10 minutes of uni-
versity: a lovely home. JOS. J. MASON, Berke-
ley Station. ■■■-■ V,;- y . . ..\ ■
osEPn J. MASON, RK L estate and
Insurance - agent, Berkeley station,' adjoining
bank..-.  ■ ;■■.-' ■ ; .'.-.. -_".. ;..,:
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALK
I on easy terms. .O. G. MAY A CO.. reul estate
and building. i! 123 t.VniTSN. Kprk"lpv.
BERKELEY- HOUSES. ■■
I~jtob _nSrr^c_roic_Sr^"i/X3AT_oic in
Berkeley: lot 100x270; : fruits , and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry,, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class : tenant long term. See
! CAPTAIN M HRISON. Berkeley.
, .iiAu.aA,;i>; -,iC_..>i__s.
I he following marriage license? were Issued by ■
the County Clerk's office yesterday;
H. W. Coverdale and Emma F. Fare. 36—
F. W. Parker and Jennie K. Peterson. 37—21.
' F. F. Sarcand<-r and Fanny A. Gardener, 24—22.,
' J. Hildenbrand and Johanna C. Siefert, 50—30.*
Gustave Oemballa and Alice E. Gill. 21—19.
S. T. Dodson Jr. and Lizzie B. McLenahan, 28—23.
F. J. Donnelly and Esther D. Qulolan, 23-22.
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
IiOKX.
OSGRAVR— In this city. June 13. 4896, to th»
wife of John B.Cosgrav», adaath .-r. ■' ■ '
iIir.NKK- In this city. June 1890. to the wife
of a. Grnoer, a daughter. :
McCORMACK-ln this city. June 13, 1896, to the
wn>-o J. J. Mccormack. a son. •..
McKENNA —In Monterey, May 81, 96, .to the
wife of J. P. McKenna, a daughter. :_.-;.
PEARfE— In this city, June 11, 1393, to tha wife
of R. G. P,-arc-, lisosi.
.1 'AN! -In iiii-i city. June 8, 1896, to the wife of
J. > . Qaane, a daughter.
iCHMIDT-In thU city. May 29, 1896, to the wife
-or EmU -c ri ■!-. 11 son ' ■- ■
'-, ' - MAUi:iEl>.
BELLOC-HOGAN-In Nvpa. June 15. 1896. at
M. John's Church, by the Rev. M. D. Slattery,
assisted by the Rev. J. Gleeson, Hilaire'Belloc
Esq. of Oxford, England, and Klolie A. Hogan.
KRKI-SS— BOZZO— In this city, li.- the Rev. F. .
Flawith, Charles A. Krelss and Mary T. Bozzo,
bot.: of Portolo. Cal.
STEELE— O'CONNOR— In this city. June 12,
189-5, Divid S. Stele and Nellie' Irene O'Con-
nor, both of San Francisco.
VVICKSTROM— WARD— In this city. June 9,
-1*915, -by the Rev. Father Ramm. Lawrence
Wicks rom and Josephine A. Ward, both of San
Francisco ■ . •
died;
Bruegmann, Franz P. - Koppitz, Marie L.
Carroll, Nettle M. Marye, Orrlck W.
Curtin, Catherine * Maxey, Mrs. Ellen
Duering. Ottie ... Mo'.loy, Hannah
Oiovannini, Daniel • Muilowney, Mary
Goodwin, Lydia W. O'Brien, Nellie
■ Hansen. John A. G. <" Rudolph, Edward
Harrington, Irene M. soher, Rose A. '%■
Hay, John W. Sullivan, Michael L.
Horan. John M. smton. William
Kembeck, Mary J. Voullleme, Hermann J.
. . . . Williams, Jane ...
BRUEQMANN— In Colma. June 15, 1893. Frana'
. P. Bruegmann. beloved and only son of Carl and
Bertha Bruegniann. a native of FrUitvale, Cal.,
aged 6 months and 7 days.
CURTIN— In thiscity. June IS. 189«. Catherine,
relict of the late Thomas J. Curtin. and beloved
mother of Mrs. -Michael Murphy, Mrs. Thomas
steele and Owen, Daniel. John and Joseph T.
Cur: in, a native, of the city or Cork, Ireland,
a_ed 76 years. - : • '
Friends and acquaintance^ are , respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at -.30 o'clock a.m.. from her lat»
residence, northwest corner of Eleventh and
Bryant streets, thence to st. Joseph's Cnurch,
Tenth street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for he repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. M. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train from.
Third and Townseud streets.
CARROLL— In this city, June 14, 1896. Nettle
May Carroll, a native of Han Francisco, aged 9
years.' • ' ■
DALTON— Ipthls City, June 15, 1896. Eugene J.,
beloved son of Eugene and the late Margaret
Dalt in, and brother of John, .lames, Edward and
Ella Dalton, and Mrs- J. Allen and Mrs.' J. Mc-
Kevltt, a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years,
Friends ttnd acquaintance) are re>it>f»c>
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of his futher, 28H1 Jackson street,
thence to St. Dominic's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will hi celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. , ;
PUERING-In this city, June 14, 1896. Ottle.
■ beloved daughter of ueorge and Lizzie Duering,
sister of J\mily Dueriiig, and Kraudd&ngbterof
-Mr. and Mrs. Louis (Him, a native of >au Fran-
cisco, xged 12 years 9 months and 23 days.
JOT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock ?. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parents, 819 Bryant street, between
Sixth and Seventh, and thence to St. Paul's
Lutheran Church, corner Eiidy and fiougb.
streets, where the services will be held at 3'
o'clock p. m. Interment 1. O. O. *'. Cemetery.
GIOVANNINI— In this city. June 14. 1898,
' Daniel Giovannini. beloved husband of Mrs. A.
Giovannini, and I father of Romeo and Daniel
Giovitntiini, a na; ive of Italy, aged 60 years.
JK9*Kriend3 and acquaintances »re rmn*ct-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORItOW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from Uni-
versal Hall. 812 Pacific street, thence to Guada-
lupe 1 hurcli, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his. soul, com-
mencing at I 10:30 o'clock a. •m. Interment.
'J. 0.0. F. Cemetery. .
GOODWIN— At Goodwin Ranch, Sonoma County,
June 15, 1896, Lydia W., beloved wife Of J. P.
Goodwin, and mother of Mrs. Goorgw W. Mritton,
Mrs. E. L. May, Mrs. J. P. S anley and James P.
Goodwin Jr., a native of Providence, R. 1., In
' the bOih year of her age.
HANSEN— In this city, Jun» 14. 1896. John Au-
gust Oeorge Hanson, beloved husband of Jo-
hanna, and father of Henry Hansen. a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged , 64 years , and 11
months.
" __f*Frfe'nds and acquaintance* am resne<!-.-
fully Invited to attend (bo funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at *2 o'clock v. m.. from the par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission - street,
between Fifth and Sixth, interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HARRINGTON— In this city. June 15, 1898,
Irene M., beloved daughter of John and Nettle
Harrington, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
I months and 23 days.
HAY— In this city, June 14, !*<»<!. John William,
beloved son of Edward B. and H.inora Hay, and
brotner of Ida, Walter, Florence, Lenoce and
Charles Hay; a native of New Orleans, La.,' aged
: 28 years, f New Orleans (La.) and St. Johns
(N. B.) papers please cOpy.J
. »_rThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _ from the family
residence, 1607 Jackson, street. Interment;
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HORAN— In the Clcv ana Conntv Hospital, June
' 14, 1896, John M. Horan. a^ed 48 years.
KEMBECK— In this city, June 13, 1896, Mary J.,
• beloved wife of Christopher Kembeck and
mother of George D.. William J. and Tillrnan R.
Herring, and beloved ' sister of ' Mrs. William,
Loane, a native of Massachusetts, aged 41 years.
43~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _ from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. "
KOPPITZ— In Alameda, June 15, 1896, Maria
Louise, beloved wife of George Koppitz, and
mother of Otto, George, Km ill-, Marie and
Elinor Koppitz. and Mrs. W. F. Chioman. a na-
tive of Hesse-Cas3el. Germany, aged 51 years and
' " months.
JO" lnterment strictly private.
MOLLOY— In this city, June 14. 1896, Hannah,
' beloved wife of the late Charles Molloy, and
mother of Charles,' Louts a', George. Walter. Mag-
, gie, John and tbe late May Moi-loy, a native of
Woburn, Mass., aged 53 years and 22 days.
' «_~Th« funeral will take place riiH DAY
' (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her lace resi-
dence, 3125 Sixteenth street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment' Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . .
MULLOWNEY— In this city. June 15. 1896. Mary,
beloved daughter of William and Mary Mallow-
ney, and only sister of Rita E. Mullowuey, a na-
. tive of Chelsea, Mass., aged 39 years 4 months
and 14 days. • ' '' t ,
«3~The funeral will take Dlace TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from the
res aence of her parents, 39Vb Clara street,
thence to St. Patrick's- Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celeuratea. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARYE— In this city. June 13.1898, Orr Ck W.
Marve, a native of Mississippi. . , : '
fifS-Funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 2:30
o'clock p. m., from the chapel of Trinity church,
■-■■ Gough and Bush streets. Interment private. ..
MAXEy-ln this city. June 15.1896. Mrs. Ellen
Maxey, mother of Mrs. M. Humelteaberg, Mrs.
William H. Quln and Mrs. C. a.. Blair.:. ;•
McGOVERN— In this city, June 16, 1896. May E.i
oldest and dearly beloved daughter of James R.
j and Mary C. McGovern, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ag*d 5 years 5 months and 12 days.
O'BRIEN— A solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of Nellie
O'Brien at St. Igna Ins Church. TO-MORROW
' (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock a. m. .
RUDOLPH— In this city. June 15,1893, Edward
1 ■ Rudolph, a na-lve of Germany. aged 55 years.
BUTTON— In this city, June 15, 1896, William,
be ove 1 husban 1 of Martha ton, and father of
Mrs. R. W. Tucker, Walter -niton and L. M.
Button, a native of 'Warwickshire,' England.
,;, [Buffalo and New York papers please copy.]
' —9* Friends and acquaintances ar>? resoM>
fully invited to attend the funeral .services
TO-MORROW ( Wednesday at 11 o'clock a. _
at his late - residence, 2514 Sacramento street.
Interment private. ■ : .
SOHER— In this city. June 15, 1893.. Rose Agnes,
infant daughter of Emile and Adeie.Soher, a na-
t ive of San Francisco, aged 4 days. ■'■',
SULLIVAN—In Oakland, June 14, 1896. Michael
L. Sullivan, son of Michael Sullivan, and brother
"of i*eor_e and Margaret Sullivan, a native of
OaklanJ, Cal,, aged 27 years 4 months and 14
. days. .'-;.■:" \ -'. . : '-■
49~Frlenas and acquaintances arc re^oeo'-
foH.y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock. a. 11.. from the resi-
dence of bis f.ither, 6_o East Fourteenth street,
thence to St. Anthony's Chinch, where a
9 solemn reg iem mass > 111 be celebrated for the
g repose of bis soul, commencing at o'clock a.m.
"" Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. ;
VOULLIEME— In this city, June 14, 1896. Her-
. menu J., beloved husband of Agnes Voiillleme,
"and father of L:>uis, Mcl aim • and the late Agnes
Voullieuie, a native or East PrusJl>s Germany,
aged til) vein an 1 1 month. ■ .-■• .■
*3" Friends an 1 acquaintances are rmpec'.-
fuily invited to attend the funeral TO MOHROW
(Wednesday), at 7:45 o'clock a.m.. from St.
Bou>facd Church, Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavenworth streets. Remains a. par-
lors of H.F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission, street,
near Eighth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city, June 15, 1896, Jane
Williams, daughter of Thomas h. and Jane
Williams, and sister of Mrs. G. K. King-lani and
Mrs Frank BerJan. a native of London. England,
imcAVOY _; GALLAGHER, T
i- UN "HAL OIRHTORH _. EMBALM!
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. i
[ . Telephone 3080. ' •' ',:
JAS". MCMESOHIT. - •- - CHAS. McMRNOMXY.
« JAMES McMKNOMKY & SON,
UNLJEKTAKKKs AND KMBALM.KS,
; 1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. * -.' . T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS, .
FUNERAL ; DIRECTORS,
19 Vaii Ness aye., near Market st., San -t'rancUcij
Telephone so. 150.
1516
FIGHTING FOR A
LEAGUE OF UNO
First of the Notorious Noe
Suits on Before Judge
Sanderson.
SPANISH LAW INVOLVED
A Grant From Governor Pio
Pico Declared to Be Com
munity Property.
THEY CHANGED THELE MINDS
Plaintiff's Attorneys Closed Their
Case, but Concluded to Unclose
It and Try Again.
The trial of the long-pending Noe suit
is on at last. When order was called in
Judee Sanderson's courtroom yesterday
morning it looked as though the San
Francisco bar had turned out to give his
Honor a surprise party. Every available
chair within hearing distance of the bench,
not excluding those in the jury-box, was
occupied by a lawyer. The prospect of
such an array of legal lore must have been
lather embarrassing to Judge Sanderson,
and he announced that the first thing to
be done was to ascertain just who each
attorney represented. In order to facili
tate matters he announced that all parties
interested in any of the three Noe suits, of
which the one on trial is the first and from
a standpoint of value the most important,
would be allowed to make an appearance.
To this Attorney Koscialowski objected
and was allowed the consolation of an ex
ception.
In the suit now on trial there are 250 de
fendants. Of these nearly 200 are repre
sented by Lane & Lane. Judge E. W.
McKinstry appears as the champion of
Mayor Sutro's interests, E. S. Pillsbury
represents Homer Kins; of Wells, Fargo &
Co., Morrison and Foerster appear for the
Crocker estate, Michael Mullaney for
Behrend Joost, R. T. Harding for the Cali
fornia Title Insurance Company, A. P.
Van Duser the Mission Defense Club, and
James If. Taylor, E. J. Pringle, W. S.
Goodfellow, Shadburne & Herrin, A. C.
Freeman and T. V. O'Brien represent in
dividual defendants.
Opposed to this phalanx of talent are P.
L. Koscialowski and A. V. Splivalo. The
numerical inequality of the contest was
apparently felt by the plaintiff's attor
ney, for though having the aggressive
side of the case he was most of the time
acting upon the defensive, the small army
of his opponents being constantly on the
alert for an opening.
The present action is founded upon a
claim which has for years caused occa
sional fear aruone the more timid prop
erty-owners of the Mission.
The claim is based upon a grant made
by Pio Pico, the last Mexican Governor of
California, to Jose Jesus Noe. It was j
given in answer to a petition filed by Jose |
in which he set forth that he needed the |
land for the support of his family. In 1848 j
Noe's wife died, and soon thereafter, but '
before the annexation of the State, Noe j
deeded the land to Charles B. Stroude.
Through him it passed through several
owners to those who are now in posses
sion.
So far the parties to the suit are agreed. |
The entire contention in the case is one of |
law, namely : Did Noe have a right to con- j
vey the entire property, as he attempted '
to do? The proposition of the plaintiffs,
who are the heirs of Guadalupe Xoe. Jose
Jesus Noe's wife, is that the grant was of \
community property.
By the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, '
ratified one year after the annexation of j
California, all land grants which were
good under the Mexican regime were to
be held valid at United States' law. Under
the Spanish law in regard to community !
property, which has been adopted by this '
State, all property acquired by the hus- I
band during marriage, except such as is >
acquired "by gift, bequest or descent, 1 ' is
community property.
The question then is whether or not
such a grant as the one to Don Jose Jesus
Noe is within the exception. In this State
it is universally considered that a grant
would not be community property, but
the plaintiffs in this case claim that by its
nature the grant was intended to be for
the community, and was so specified in i
the petition. This tney will argue will j
bring it within the law.
The first witness put on by the plaintiff
was C. C. Hopkins. Mr. Hopkins had pre
pared a translation of the petition of Jose
Noe and the grant of Pio Pico. He was
asked to swear to the correctness of his
translation. In one instance he ventured
to explain that there might be a shade of
doubt about the meaning of one word.
It hapy>ened that this particular doubt
was in regard to the operative way of the
grant, and instantly the venerable scholar
found himself the target of a volley of
queries. To the best of his ability Mr.
Hopkins tried to explain why the Spanish I
of conveyance might mean either grant or i
donate, and how it was that both these
words meant just the same thing. He
conjugated in Spanish and compared it
with the Latin. Then he made some nice
English distinctions, and still the attor
neys refused to be satisfied. At Americen
NEW TO-DAY
Came Off
I had an obstinate skin disease, called Eczema.
My body, head, and arms were covered with
spots like drops of mortar, which came off in
layers of dry scales. - I suffered for over a year
without relief, consulted several doctors with-
out aid, and had almost riven up hope. I saw
an advertisement about Cuticura Remedies ;
took them, and In eight week* I was as well as
ever, for my skin Is as nice and clear as a baby's.
. GEO. RKABURN, Hanover, Ontario, Canada.
I Speedy Curb Treatment. — Warm baths
with Cdticuba Soap, gentle applications of Cu-
ticura (ointment), the great cikin Cure, exter-
nally, and mild doses of Cuticuba Resolvent,
greatest of humor cures. .
Bold thronrhout the world.; Wee. Ccticdk*. Me :
Soap. 85c; BESOLrrifT. Me. Mid 11. Pottkr Dri-o
«nCiin. Co»p..SoltPn>l»-.Bojtoii. •■-■
a*"" Ji»w to Core Every Skin Dimmc," nulled free.
law grant means just a little more than
donate, and they were anxious to know
just how it is in Spanish. At last Judge
Sanderson's patience became exhausted.
He said the interpretation of that word
was a question of law. He understood it
and would listen to no more argument on
the matter.
Another skirmish occurred when the
next witness was called. Koscialowski
explained that the witness, Mrs. Miguel
j Xoe, could not speak English, and he of
fered to put John Irwin on as interpreter.
Then the defendant's objected vigorously.
They didn't know Irwin, and for a
language that bad such fine distinctions,
as shown by Hopper between "grant" and
"donate," he thought there should be an
interpreter known to be impartial. Judge
Sanderson, who expressed a desire to
facilitate matters, suggested that liwin
be examined. Chadburne consented and
Irwin was sworn. He said he had known
Vincent Noe ever since he was born, and
felt very friendly toward the family. He,
however, denied any interest in the case,
and over an objection by Van Duser he
was allowed to proceed.
" Mrs. Miguel Noe, or Gallerma Viscarra
de Noe as she called herself, testified that
her husband was the son of Jose Jesus and
Guadalupe di Noe. She said he was now
in Mexico. Van Duser asked if he was not
now a fugitive from justice, but the ques
tion was overruled. The witness was then
called upon to identify a record of deaths
in a family Bible which she said had be
longed to her husband. Chadburne de
manded to see the oook, and after consul
tation with Van Duser objected that the
entries referred to as deaths were in reality
entries of births. The interpreter ex
plained that though under the printed
word births they were nevertheless all en
tries of deaths.
Koscialowski stated that the object of
the record was to prove the death of Jose
Jesus Noe, in 18G2. and Guadalup? Noe in
j April 1848. The defendant's attorneys,
Van Duser excepted, offered to concede
this. Van Duser stated he would concede
j nothing. "Let it be entered," ruled his
H onor, "that all consent except Mr. Van
Duser. who is overruled."
The witness then proceeded to explain
j the relationship of the four plaintiffs in
i this case to the deceased Guadalupe Noe,
I through whom they claim Miguel, her
husband, she explained, is the only son.
Catilina Spivoia, Vmcento Noe and Cata
lina Noe are grandchildren. The last
three were each put upon the stand to tes
tify to the same facts. Rev. Father Pren
dergast and Rev. Father Gleason were
j called upon to still further complete the
identification. Certificates of baptism
were introduced to the same end.
Against objections by Judge McKinstry
and G. W. Lane the plaintiff was allowed
to introduce a patent of the United States
confirming the title of Jose Jesus Noe to
i the land in controversy. The objection
j was based on the ground of irrelevancy, as
■ all parties concerned claim under Noe's
title, and hence it is not disputed.
Attorneys Kocialowski and Spivalothen
declared their case closed. Confusion
reigned for a few minutes as each of the
defendants' attorneys struggled to be
heard. They had evidently not expected
such a termination of the plaintiff's case
and they were disconcerted. Attorney
Chadbourne insisted that the plaintiff
should be compelled to prove the actual
title under which they claimed. The deed
of the property made by Noe should, he
declared, have been put in evidence.
Judge Sanderson said he had no knowl
edge of any deed and could not compel
the plaintiff to put on anything of detri
i ment to his case. Van Duser declared there
were material variances between the alle
gations and the proof. Lane said there
had been but one thing proved, and that :
was the patent from the United States I
confirming the grant of Pio Pico to Noe,
which no one denied. Judge McKinstry
was of the opinion that no case had been
made out, and Judge Freeman echoed this
opinion.
Without passing upon the various sug
gestions, for they were hardly more, Judge
Sanderson said the case would go over un
til to-day at 10 a. m Then Koscialowski
explained that there was a string attached
to his closing. If the remainder of his
case was to be considered as a question of
law he was through, if it was a question of
fact he wanted more time. His Honor
said he did not see exactly what the attor
ney meant, but he would suggest that he
get in all his facts and let the law take
care of itself. Koscialowski then said he
would like an hour and a half more. The
case then went over until this morning.
The plaintiff's attorneys expect to disclose
their case in answer to a motion for a non*
suit which they expect. Mr. Kocialowski
says he will then have some surprises. At j
present the attorneys for the defendant
feel that the suit is already won.
CARNIVAL OUTLAY.
The Money Will Mostly Go Into the
Pockets of the Working
People.
In order that the mechanics and trades
! people may derive all the benefit possible
j from the $100,000 which the executive com
| mittee of the Carnival of the Golden Gate
intend to expend a general invitation is to
be extended to them to submit designs of
floats and other paraphernalia requisite in
presenting the various features.
These suggestions were fully considered
at the meeting held at the Mills building
yesterday afternoon. The matter was
brought about by a communication from
W. H. Mills, who suggested that as the
entire occasion was projected for the pur
pose of adding life, elation and pleasure to
the people of the city and to those who
witness or participate in the festivities,
I and as it would also be a costly affair, he
! thought that the work should be confined
entirely to the community in the way of
employing those who should do it.
General Warneld . will appoint a com
mittee to confer with the various labor
organizations, lay out the plan of the car
nival in detail to them, give them an idea
of the class of work that tney will be I
called upon to do , and inform them of i
the approximate amount that will be ex
pended for labor. Mr. Mills and General
Backus will formulate during the coming
week an address to the people of the City, i
giving the outlines of the reasons for the
carnival, which will connect the occasion j
with the best interests of the City, present
and prospective. \
The various features embodied in the '
programme were discussed at length, with •
a view to ascertaining how much money
could be expended directly among the
working people by the committee.
Oscar Boldeman, I. L. Rosenthal and
David Rich were appointed as a commit- ,
tee on entertainment to visit the different |
places of amusement and arrange with I
them for benefits for the carnival fund, j
The. offer of the Columbia Theater, made
some time ago, will be at once taken up
and to Friedlander & Gottlob of that place
of amusement will be given the honor, in
view of ; their being the first to suggest a
benefit, of being the first subscribers to the
fund. They have kindly placed the entire
company, theater and appurtenances at
the disposal of the committee, and have
also promised a programme of rare merit.
» «, «
The longest single telegraph-wire span
in the world is that across the River
Kistna, between Bezorah and Sectana
grun, India. \ Stretched from one moun
tain to another the wire is more than 6000
feet in length.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1896.
WED IN THE HEART
OF THE SUMMER
Nuptials of Miss Claire
Tucker and Philip
Williams.
WAS A QUIET AFFAIR.
The Swellness of the Principals
and Their Popularity Made
It Interesting.
AMID ST. JOSEPH LILIES.
Relatives Only Witnessed the Im
pressive Ceremony— Bridal Trip
to Honolulu.
Only relatives and a limited number of
intimate friends witnessed the ceremony
which united Miss Claire Tucker, daughter
of the late J. C. Tucker, and Philip Wil-
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Williams (formerly Miss Claire Tncker).
Hams, son of Mr. and Mrs. Harry A. Wil
liams.
The wedding was celebrated last evening
at 8 o'clock at the residence of the bride's
mother, 2114 Vallejo street, the Rev. Dr.
Moreland of St. Luke's orh dating.
At an improvised altar, draped in soft
; folds of white India silk and decked with
St. Joseph lilies, the young couple knelt
during the impressive Episcopal service.
The decorations of the home were artistic
and beautiful, pink and white being the
prevailing tones. In the drawing-room,
where the ceremony was performed, nu
merous wreaths of t)ink and white sweet
peas adorned the walls at regular inter
vals, suspended by long streamers of |
dainty bow-knotsof pink and white taffeta i
ribbon.
In the artistic corner cornucopias filled
to overflowing with white and pink
blossoms were suspended from the ceiling,
and in the long drawing-room there was
an artistic arrangement of choice blossoms
in rare and costly vases.
The charming young bride looked ex
tremely lovely in her handsome bridal
gown of cream-white satin. The jupe was
made perfectly plain, en train, and the
high-necked corsage ornamented with a
fall of duchess lace. A wreath of orange
i blossoms confined the long bridal-veil to
the coiffure. The only ornament worn
was a string of pearls, from which de
pended a handsome pearl cross.
The bride was attended by her sister,
Miss Mase Tucker, and Emanuel Heller
! officiated as best man.
The maid of honor wore a dainty gown
of white silK, trimmed with chiffon.
After the ceremony an elaborate supper
was served.
Mr. and Mrs. Williams leave this morn
ing for a bridal trip to Honolulu.
There were theater-parties galore last
evenine. The only wonder was that with
bo many hosts and hostesses there was
anybody left to be entertained as guests.
At the Columbia the following ladies
and gentlemen had theater- parties:
Among those who occupied boxes and
loges were:
G. W. Clarke, A. F. Lawton, W. H. Harrison,
J. M. Wright, F. Hincklej-, W. D. Peixotto, H.
Levy, E. H. Bachman, S. W. Rosenßtock, M. El
lis. J. A. Glover, M. Brooks, M. Adler, J. Roth
child, John D. Siebe and P. N. Lilienthal.
In the audience were :
Lou Harris, Frank Sperling, R. E. Marx, Mrs.
J. Oppenheimer, Mrs. Phillips, D. R. Barr, Mrs.
R. Anthony, H. F. Lawton, R. Trautner,
I. Magnin, F. Marcus, L. Judah, H. Has
keil, W. W. Kaufman, W. F. Clark,
W. L. Hackett, B. M. Goldstein, A. Liv
ingston, H. J. Frank, F. L. Owens,
J. Wollner, J. Witt, T. J. Corwin, JJ. Bibo,
M. Blaskower, M. Getz. H. St. Goar, B. Davis,
B. Goldsmith, A. Bestheim, F. H. Green, W. P.
Lewis, M. Eisner, \V. R. Wheeler, H. P. New
bauer, A. M. Alexander, M. Feintuch, A. Ross,
Ed Schmiedell, J. L. Stewart, W. J. Walters.
A. H. Wilcox, R. A. Bnrnett, T. h. Bucking
ham, D. B. Davidson, E. M. Greenway, W. A.
Jackson, C. H. Jones, J. T. Miner, George W.
Reynolds, Ben Sachs. F. W. Stephenson, W. B.
Wightman, G. E. Williams, Thomas Wilson,
H. E. Highton, T. B. Valentine, G. H. Wendt,
L. 8. Abbott, E. S. Adams, Fisher Ames, Thomas
Anderson, James F. J. Archibald, Porter Ashe,
C Audenried. B. H. Haird, Wakefleld Baker,
O. D. Baldwin, W. Barber, Charles L.
Barrett, F. H. Beaver, Frank S. Bentley,
Henry P. Blanchard, C. A. Bonestell, A. Boyd,
M. Brandenstein. Harrison Brooks, Henry A.
Bowen, Robert Bruce, I. Cahn, Walter C.
CamDbell, John M. Carroll, A. E. Castle, W. B.
Chapman, E. B. Clement, E. J. Coleman, Car
roll Cook, Joseph B. Crockett, J. J. Crooks, M.
S. Currey, F. M. Curtis, W. E. Dargie, Eugene
G. David, William A. Dean, Henry L. Dodge,
Peter J. Donahue, C. M. Dougherty. B. F. Dun
ham, S. E. Dutton, Elmer S. Emmons, E. A.
Fargo. Charles 8. Fay, S. Feuchtwanger, S. VV.
Forman, W. Frank, Joseph Friedlander, Louis
A. Garnett, W. L. Gerstle, M. L. Gerstle, C. A.
Gibson, Adam Grant, Jacob Greenbaum, H. K.
Hall, A. Haraszthy, L. S. Hass, W. R. Heath, E. '
S. Heller. Dr. M. Herzstein, W. S. Hobart, A. j
Holmes, Major Hooper, A. P. Hotaling, George <
H. Howard, R. H. Huntington, Solomon Jacobs, ,
W. B. Jones, Charles Josselyn, Dr. A. J. Kahn, i
S. A. Keith, H. H. Kohler, George H. Kohn, M.
S. Koshland, F. W. Lawrence. J. B- Levison,
Mark Levison, H. M. Levy, W. H. Levy, Charles
A. Low, A. Mncondray, William H. Magee,
Hall McAllister, Latham McMullin, H. M. A.
Miller, W. Moore, Robert F. Morrow, David
Xeustadter, Colonel Kevills, W. Mayo New
hall, F. L. H. Xoble, P. F. Dolan, R. H. Pease,
E. D. Peixotto, James Phelan, Edward Pol
hemus, Willis Polk. Charles W. Reed, C. Reis,
E. A. Rix, Dr. J. Rosenstirn, W. E. Rountree,
A. Schwabnrher, Henry T. Scott, E. Sherwood,
Leon Sloss, H.. J. Smith, C. A. Spreckels, Ignatz
Steinhart, W. G. Thompson, J. S. Tobin, L. E.
Van Winkle, L. S. Vassault, Rev. Jacob Voor
sanger, D. N. Walter. I. N. Walter, H. Wil
liams, F. M. Wilson, Miss Nellie V. Wood.
Among the many who had theater
parties at the California Theater were:
Commodore William McCarthy, H. O'Kane,
J. S. Downing, Raphael Weill. Colonel M. H.
Hccht, Mrs. H. Haber, W. H. Taylor Jr., Mrs.
H. Franklin, Charles W. Schaeffer, Harry
Lazarus, Mrs. W. Mack, J. W. Wilbur, James
Burting, S. H. Adler and party, W. H. Barnes,
F. G. Hughes, J. C. Eggers, S. C. Buckbee, Leon
Sloss, Charles Gross, G. D. Morse, Dr. H. G.
Richards, Dr. C. W. Richards, Mr. and Mrs. C.
H. Taber, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Cusuing, C. M.
Goodman and party, Leopold Michaels. M. D.
Perkins, W. J. Weatberly (Loge B.), E. A. God
frey, J. D. Phelan, Hugo Rothschild, S. J. Levy,
H. L. Miller, W. H. Blum, B. Reiss, S. Reiss, E.
J. Coleman, Mrs. York, S. H. Tacy,
G. Bertou, H. Berl, E. J. Hockßtadter,
Bert Hecht. J. C. Zellerbach, M. Levin,
J. L. ButKley, C. H. Blum, E. Frank, C. Hirach,
S. Berwln and party, Dr. D. Cohn, J. D.
Abrams, J. Coblentz and party, C. L. Canfield,
G. Lewald and party of twenty, J. Neustadter,
Mrs. S. M. Cooper, M. A. Rothschild, Miss
Raphael, M. A. Gunst, J. Schweitzer, General
Warfleld, H. J. Lask, A. Hamburger, S. L. Os
good, C. Lichtenstein, Mrs. Ullman, G. T. East
man, L. Seigel, H. Kimball, L. A. Schwabacher,
Mrs. York, Dr. Newman, S. Lowenthal, Mrs. H.
Kahn, Louis Mande'l, Charles Levy, Mrs.
Ewing and party, Henry Ach, C. L. Asher, H.
Ackerman, Fred Stack, Mrs. Gans, M. Brown
stone, H. Mailing, Ben Stern, H. Shainwald,
Mrs. If. Heller and party, J. C. Ralsteck, T. F.
Ward, J. Creighton, Mrs. Jacobs and party, H.
S. Lemle and party.
MEMORY OF BUNKER HILL
To Be Celebrated With Peculiar
Honor This Year at
Glen Ellen.
Some of the Features of the Day.
How Many Organizations Will
Unite to Pay Tribute.
The celebration of the Bunker Hill Asso
ciation and the Sons of Vermont will be
held at Glen Ellen on Wednesday, June 17.
Literary exercises will be held and the
Hon. R. R. Carpenter will deliver the ora
tion.
Through the persistent efforts of the
Bunker Hill Association, and its presi
dent, VV. G. Badger, for the past thirty
three years, this will witness one of the
widespread celebration* of this great event
by numerous bodies orour people in many
parls of California.
The National Government will do its
share by causing salutes to be tired from
aU our forts in the harbor at noon on the
17th. The City government has caused a
resolution to be passed requesting all citi
zens to raise the flag and causing the same
to be raised on all public buildings and
parks.
The Board of Education has contributed
to the glories of the day by having patri
otic exercises the order of the day at all
public schools and attending themselves
the celebration at Glen Ellen.
The snipping, the car lines and rail
roads have acknowledged the request of
the Bunker Hill Association and will un
furl all flags in their possession.
At Golden Gate Park, on the 17th appro
priate exercises will be held by the Tu
olumne Association. On the bay the
Pioneer Rowine and Yacht Club will hold
a regatta.
At Santa Cruz the Venetian Water Car
nival management has made the aiost
elaborate and costly preparations for the
commemoration of this great battle.
Across the bay, at Shell Mound, the
Veteran Firemen will hold their annual
patriotic demonstration.
At San Jose the Ancient Order of For
esters will meet from all parts of the State
and also the Pacific Coast, to commem
orate the great annual day of their order,
which, out of their love of country, they
adopted should fall on the 17th day of
June, the anniversary of the Battle of
Bunker Hill.
Still further, the great Building Ex
change has seen lit to adjourn, and will
counsel together in the Santa 'Jruz
Mountains, at Sunset Park, on Wednes
day, June 17.
last, but not least, Massachusetts and
Vermont have united, and among the So
noma Hills, at Glen Ellen, will revive the
memories and repeat the stones of the
days of 1775.
Ho, for Mount Shasta.
William H. Menton, the genial excursion
passenger agent of the Southern Pacilic Com
pany, will be in charge of a personally con
ducted excursion to Mount Shasta next Satur
day. For $10 the round trip can be made com
fortably, including berth. The train will
leave the ferry landing, foot of Market street,
at 8 P. m. on the 20th inst., and return the tol
lowing Monday morning at 7 o'clock. The op
portunity is one thnt will be carefully consid
ered at tnis season of holiday vacations. The
rate offered is a big reduction", while the route
to be traveled is peculiarly rich in scenic
wonders.
A Bimetallic League.
Hugo Hornlien, proprietor of the Cafe Royal,
was elected delegate to the St. Louis conven
tion yesterday at a meeting held by the mem
bers of the Twenty-third Senatorial Bimetallic
League Club in Turner Hall, 323 Turk street.
Mr. Hornlien in a short address pledged him
self to labor to the best of his ability to secure
favorable legislation for the principles of the
bimetallists from the close of the convention
till election. The other districts will now
commence to elect delegates and send in 'the
names of the same to the executive secretary.
MARY E. REDMAN
WANTS HIS MONEY
She Sues Capitalist Thomas
Carter for Breach of
Promise.
ASKS $50,000 DAMAGES.
He Says He Paid Her $5000
Once as a Compromise
Sum.
ROMANCE FIFTEEN TEARS LONG
Mr. Carter Says He Has Given the
Young Lady in All Over $15,0*00,
and Will Fight New.
A suit for $50,000 damages for breach of
promise of marriage was begun in the
Superior Court yesterday afternoon against
Thomas Carter, capitalist and carbuilder.
The complainant is Miss Mary E. Red
man, a plump and pretty brunette. She
ought to be a capitalist, too, if Mr. Carter's
story of the amount of money he has
given her in the last twelve years is borne
out by the facts. Miss Kedman's address
is at 502 Mason street and her occupation
is given as a dressmaker.
Accounts differ also as to whether Miss
Redman is pretty. Heroines in breach of
promise cases are, as a rule, handsome,
but Mr. Carter said last evening that she
is a "coarse and common person addicted
to looking on wine too often when it is
red." The landlady at 602 Mason street,
however, said that Miss Redman is a "nice
little girl about 30 years of age, and just
too sweet for anything."
Not desiring to meet reporters, and re
questing her attorney not to give them her
aduress, which request was complied with
with professional strictness, Miss Redman
rushed to her room about 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon, hurriedly packed up a few
things and left word that she was off for
Salinas on a visit to friends. The landlady
professed surprise and ignorance of the
suit for damages, and said she did not
know when Miss Redman would return.
Thomas Carter is a member of the firm
i of Carter Brothers, carbuilders and gen
[ eral railroad contractors, at Newark, Cal.
[ He has resided in this City for years at 6
Turk street. He has been in business in
San Francisco and vicinity for twenty-five
years and is well known here and among
railroad rrfen all over the State. He built
the narrow-gauge railroad loop to Santa
Cruz.
Mr. Carter is about 50 years old and a
single man. He has a long sandy beard
and there are "silver threads among the
gold." If there were more gray hairs in
his beard Mr. Carter would present quite
a patriarchal appearance.
In an interview last evening with a Call
reporter he emphatically denied ever
promising to marry Miss Redman and de
clared flatly that it was simply a black- j
mailing scheme. He said he had once
paid Miss Redman $5000 to shut her pretty
mouth and prevent puohcity of their rela
tions, but.be declared, somewhat in the
language of Patrick Henry, that he had
"millions for defense, but not a cent for
tribute."
"I paid her $5000 once," he said, "and I
have her receipt for the amount in full
settlement of everything. I've got the
money to p«y, but I'll spend $50,000 in de
fending the case rather than give it to
her."
Mr. Carter met Miss Redman about
twelve or fifteen years ago at the well
known waterine place, Byron Springs. She
was spending some time there with her
uncle, J. D. Horan, who keeps the stock
yards at Tenth and Bryant streets. They
spent many hours full of shade and bright
sunshine and seductive moonlight alone
together, and out of those meetings of the
happy summer-time long ago grew the
romance whose closing chapter was filed
yesterday in court.
"We have met often since," said Mr.
Carter. "She has been with me a great
deal, though we never actually lived to
gether. She has visited me in my apart
ments. During recent years she got into
bad company and has been drinking too
much to maintain the proper decorum.
She would come up to my rooms in this
condition and when it was not convenient
for me to meet her, and she became a.n
embarrassment to me. The landlord will
bear me out in this. I have called him to
put her out of my rooms."
"Was she led astray by you in the first
place?"
"Not at all; no, sir. I think I can prove
that if necessary. She was not innocent
when I met her at Byron Springs."
"As to the previous compromise?"
"On account of her conduct I told her,"
Mr. Carter said, "not to come to my room
any more, as I did not want to have any
thing more to do with her. Then she
threatened to bring suit for damages, and
1 compromised with her for $5000, for the
reason I have stated. A man who is now
a Superior Jud.e of this City and County
was one of the lawyers in the settlement.
He knows all about it. She owed me $000
in a real estate deal, for which I held her
note, and between $200 and $300 borrowed
money. I compromised with her for $5000,
less the amount of the note and the bor
rowed money. She received my check for
$4100. This was about two years ago.
"Now, along she comes again with an
other claim," Mr. Carter said , "and at
tempts to bleed me a second time. I tell
you I'll not have it. I won't pay a cent.
I've consulted four lawyers, and 1 do not
think I shall be compelled to. This was
after I received a note from her attorney,
Judge Highton, a few days ago, telling me
that the suit was about to be Drought. I
went up to see Highton and told him the
whole story.
"Since I paid that money, two years
ago," resumed Mr. Carter, "I have had
nothing to do with the young woman. I
have met her on the streets several times
and conversed with her whenever she be
haved properly.
"She has dogged my lootsteps, and
stood across the corner there," he said,
pointing to Turk, Mason and Market
streets, ''in order to catch me and speak to
me. She was right up here on Mason
street, corner of Post. She often said that
she desired to consnlt me about real estate
transactions, and I advised her when I
could. But our relations have not been
more intimate than that for two years."
"How much money have you given Miss
Redman since you have known her?"
"In all 1 should say $15,000 or $16,000,"
WEW TO-DAY— DRY- GOODS. -
LADIES' WAISTS
'■ .A.35T33 : ■
UNDERWEAR
AT CLEARANCE PRICES!
Among the many lines SPECIALLY SELECTED FOR CLEAR-
ANCE TO-DAY will be found the following
BARGAINS THAT MERIT PROMPT ATTENTION!
LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR!
JS-t 23 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN CHEMISES, made of heavy muslin, yoke edged with
lace, will be offered at 25c each.
At SO Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of heavy muslin, yoke of embroidery, will be
offered at 50c each.
A.t 23 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' CORSET COVERS, perfect fit, V-sbape, edged with embroidery,
will be offered at 25c each. -;'; 'V"
At 25 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of heavy muslin, yoke band, finished with
tucks and embroidery, will be offered at 25c each.
At SO Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, yoke of fine tucks, lined back, good muslin, will be of-
fered at 50c each.
LADIES' WAISTS!
At titl.OO.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fine percale, in checks and stripes, detachable collars,
regular price $1 25, will be offered at $1 each.
At SO.
LADIES' PERSIAN WAISTS, detachable collars, yoke back, bishop sleeves, regular
price $2, will be offered at $1 50 each.
At J&2.00.
LADIES' PERSIAN DIMITY WAISTS, detachable collars, perfect fit, bishop sleeves,
reeular price $2 50, will be offered at $2 each.
At 83. 00.
LADIES' FINE DIMITY WAISTS, made in the latest style, detachable collar and
cuffs, regular price $3 75, will be offered at $3 each.
f M/r*^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Maiiot Street corner of iw&, /
ban FRAKTOiaoo.
he replied. "She has invested consider
able in real estate, and she ought to have
j some property yet, though I have not
j known much of her affairs for two years.
She has come to my room in the morning,
too, when I was absent at breakfast, and
taken photographs and some other small
things. When I go down to the restau
rant on the corner I usually leave the door
of my room . unlocked, and I do not eet
back for an hour or more. The Chinaman
told me he had seen her come out of my
room."
The landlady at 502 Mason street said
that Mr. Carter had visited Miss Redman
there recently, and this adds another as
pect to the suit for $50,000.
A "LOST GIRL" STORY.
How Osmond Day Deceived and
Deserted Two Country
Victims.
One Accepted Her Fate Silently, but
the Other Tried tc Commit
Suicide.
Lillie O'Neal is the name of the latest
victim of the notorious Osmond Day. It
was she who tried to commit suicide in a
room at 21 Turk street Sunday night.
When questioned at the Receiving Hos
pital she was tiaif delirious from the
effects of the chloroform she had drunk
and answered that her name was Bebbie
Griegs, which is the name of Day's Santa
Rosa victim. The O'Neal girl is from
Petaluma. This tenderloin character,
Day, prefers the country.
These two girls fell'into Day's hands
several months ago in the same manner
human lambs fall to the tender mercies of
inhuman wolves, and the story is a tale
too often told for many reasons. Accord
ing to the O'Neal girl's account Day and
his two youthful victims met in this City
and their journey downward was all the
speedier from nis near presence. Once
Bebbie Griggs became ill and LUlie
O'Neal's money, earned in shame, went to
buy medicine for her sister in misfortune.
Both girls are exceedingly pretty. They
are the daughters of estimable parents
who will never cease to mourn their chil
dren's destruction.
Day first cast off the Santa Rosa girl
atid finally the Petaluma victim. One ac
cepted her fate in silence, but LillieO'Neil,
who is infatuated with her betrayer, at
tempted to commit suicide by drinking
chloroform Sunday night. She was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, calling upon
the name ot tne wretch in her delirium.
She knowing that her complete shame
would soon be known pleaded with him
to marry her, but he spurned her and said
he was married already.
This made her desperate, and she took a
room at 21 Turk street to kill herself in.
At the Receiving Hospial yesterday
morning she stated that she still loved
him and was fully determined to die. She
detailed the dreary tale of her fall and of
meeting her partner in ruin. About noon
she left the hospital with a woman com
panion vowinc that she would complete
her work of self destruction.
For the benefit of the relatives of the
girls, Day can be found almost any hour
in the vicinity of Turk and Taylor streets.
Day Driven From Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 15.— Mr.
Griggs received several telegrams , from
San Francisco friends assuring him that
his daughter was alive and well and had
made no suicidal attempt. The yonng
lady who courted death upon being aban
doned by the unsavory masher was a
Petaluma girl.
Osmond Day is well and unfavorably
known here, where he posed for some
time as an English Lord. His career was
short, however, lie being recognized by a
gentleman familiar with his record, and
he was at odco warned to leave town on .
pain of arrest.
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special For mis Weeß.
COCOA.
'. Walter Baker's Breakfast Cocoa 9041
Regular price 25c
CHOCOLATE.
Huyler's Mexican Chocolate Pound, 200
Regular price 30c.
LUNCH TONGUE.
Llbby, & I.ibby's Lunch Tongues.. 2oo
Regular price 30c.
PRESERVED GINGER.
Our own importation from Canton, Extra
. Choice In Heavy Syrup, largest size.... 350
Regular price 50c.
MATCHES.
Vulcan Paraffin Parlor Match, the Best
in the Market; one doaen Boxes to the
Package..... 4 Packages, 3 50
Regular price, 10c Package.
SUNBRIGHT.
something new. *
For Cleaning and Polishing Like Sa polio.
• 5 Cakes, 35c
Regular price 10c Cake. .
BUTTER.
DON'T DELAY. Sow is the time to pack
Buttar for the Winter. Come and leave
your Order. Butter Guaranteed. '
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free. • "■"
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within ioo miles.
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
COB. lOtt ANT WASHINGTON STS. ) OAKLAND
1734-1736 SEVE2TTH STBSET 'PLANCHES
$7 5 ™4 ROOMS
%|^ M %fT CONSISTING OP .
3F^XJ B.NITURH
PARLOR,BEDRfIOM 1 DINING-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapesiry Brussels, per yard. .'. 50 Cents
. Oil Cloth, per yard «5 Cents
Matting, per yard : .:.... .10 Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ..525 OU
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirr0r........ B£s Otl
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Fonr-Room CaUlcx?ue« Mailed Free.
(O» Free Packing and DelWery acroM the B»y.*
.■^DCWEYACa^
ft "PATENTS! 3
Xm^22o MARKET &T.S.F^i*/
filfs Man feptalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons wl»«
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimple* and
purliy the blood. : .
Crosslin's Specific litira '
- With this remedy persons can euro UtestMtvai
without the least exposure, change of. diet, or
change in application to business. The medicina
contains nothing that is of the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist for iv frioa *1 a
bottle. . ■--.. V