VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 11.
REED OUT OF THE RACE
McKinley's Nomination on
First Ballot Conceded
by Manley.
BDT MAINE'S FAVORITE SON WILL NEVER ACCEPT
THE SECOND PLACE.
California's Contested Seats Will Be Decided
by the Republican National Committee
To-Day— A "Sound Money"
Platform — Hobart for
Vice-President.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., June 10.— The friends
of Speaker Reed have given up the fight.
When the National Committee tooK a re
cess at 6 o'clock this evening Hon. Joseph
Manley of Maine dictated the following to
the representative of the United Press, and
revised it prior to transmission:
"In my judgment the convention will
nominate Governor McKinley on the first
ballot for tne Presidency. It is useless to
deny that this will be the result.
"The action of the National Committee
in its overwhelming vote on the Alabama
case settles conclusively how the respective
States which the members of the commit
tee represent will vote in the convention.
"Mr. Reed's name will be presented to
the convention and he will be voted for,
and 1 am authorized to say that under no
circumstances can he, or will he, accept
tne nomination for Vice-President if it
should be tendered to him.
"The great majority of the New England
delegates will be loyal to Mr. Reed, but
it is evident that the convention is for
McKinley and will nominate him."
ALL OVER BUT SHOUTING.
'♦ Honorable Mention" the Fate of
Ali but McKinley.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June JO.— The very
bphous businos? of selecting a candidate
for tne highest office within the gift of
seventy millions of people is practically
concluded. What follows will be the
mere official recording of the votes and
the shouting, and the distinguished men
who entered as competitors against the
Ohio man of destiny will be forced to ac
cept the small satisfaction of "honor*
able mention," on the first ballot. All this
is so apparent that no one risks even a
doubt of it. Friends of the minority can
didates are whistling through the grave
yard of impending defeat, and hoping
that "something may happen."
Somethi ng has happened, but not to the
liking of the minority. It has transpired
that the McKinley contested delegates will
be seated in the convention and will assist
in the temporary organization. First
possession will mean a title in fee to these
seats after the credentials committee has
reported and the permanent organization
is effected.
The atmosphere about the various head
quarters that was so strongly impregnated
bas undergone a change. It is not diffi
cult to analyze this transmutation of met
als. Whereas the early arrivals were from
the Western States and Territories, where
every tone is silver, the arrivals to-day
were from the Atlantic seaboard ami the
New England States, where gold is a sa
cred dogma of faith. There was lots of
silver and more of gold in the exchanges
of opinions to-day. Primarily and finally
all are Republicans, and while the dele
gates from these sections wide'.y differ on
finances it is believed from developments
to-day that the earlier threats to bolt com
ing from botn sides were biank cartridges
fired to test the purpose of the opposition.
This easing off in the talk of bohinjr has
smoothed the way to a better understand
ing and the platform-makers' work is
made eaßier. The California, Utah, Ne
vada and other Western deienations have
not entirely abandoned the fight and are
preparing a sil7er resolution to be pre
sented to the committee on platform.
Colonel Isaac Trumbo of Salt Lake has
the resolution in charge and will advocate
its adoption by the committee.
The magnificent Auditorium in which
the Republican National Convention will I
The San Francisco Call.
be held was formally dedicated with en
thusiastic ceremonies to-night. The inte
rior of the building was Drilliantly illu
minated for the occasion and a crowd of
over 10,000 persons were in attendance.
Speeches were made by Mayor Wai bridge,
on behalf of the city of St. Louis, Presi
The Chairman and Some Prominent Members of the Repub
lican National Committee.
dent Samuel M. Kennard of the Business
Men's League and ex-Governor E. O.
Stannard. An elab6rate programme of
vocal and instrumental music was carried
out, at the conclusion of which the entire
audience joined in singing "Columbia."
The occasion thoroughly tested the
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 11, 1896.
acoustic proderties of the Auditorium and j
they were pronounced "perfect. The hall
seats 14,125 persons and the chairs are so
arranged as to give every occupant an un
obstructed view of the chairman's desk.
Many of the politicians who form the
advance guard of the convention were
present at the ceremonies to-night. The
question of hotel accommodations for the
colored delegates reached a crisis this
afternoon ami a speedy solution was de
manded by those committeemen having
the matter in charge. Manager Henry C.
Lewis of the Southern Hotel was appealed
to and after a hasty consultation with a
number of hotel proprietors the following
statement was given out:
"To the National Republican Committee:
In regard to the accommodations for the
colored delegate? to the Republican Con
vention to be furnished by the hotels of St.
Louis and promised by the Business Men's
League of St. Louis while in Washington
last December, I am authorized to say that
the Southern Hotel, the St. Nicholas Hotel,
the Lindell Hotel and the Laclede Hotel
will live up to that promise m spirit and
letter and will make no distinction what
ever, but will grant to all delegates to the
.Republican Convention equal rights and
privileges. Respectfully,
"W. R. Allen,
"President Southern Hotel Company."
The friends of Major McKinley are in
overwhelming control of the National
Committee. This was demonstrated at its
meeting to-day, first in the adoption by a
practically unanimous vote of Powell
Clayton's resolution to hear the contests
in committee of the whole instead of re
ferring them to sub-committees appointed
in accordance with precedent by the Na
tional chairman, and again in the vote on
the numerous contests from Alabama.
With >ut a single exception— and this in a
case where by a different vote the commit
tee would have been compelled to reverse
a decision rendered a half hour before — all
the contestants of McKinley proclivities
were seated.
The first test vote stood 38 to 7 and after
this the friends of Reed, Morton and Alli
son made but a show of fight for the con
testing delegates that favored their respec
tive principals.
When the committee took a recess at 6
o'clock Mr. Manley, in a statement to the
United Press, practically abandoned the
field, so far as concerned Mr. Reed, to the
Ohio candidate. The supporters of the fav
orite sons of New York and lowa, while un
willing to go upon record in terms as em
phatic as those of the man from Maine,
admitted that the showing made in tne
National Committee was unexpected and
practically settled the nomination for the
head of tne ticket.
Intense interest was manifested in the
proceedings of the committee to-day,
which for the first time in its history ad
mitted representatives of the press as
sociations to its deliberations. The cor
ridors outside the clubroom of the
Southern Hotel, as well as the adjoining
parlors, were thronged with delegates and
political visitors from abroad. When the
vote on seating the McKinley delegates-at
large from Alabama was brought out
1 there was considerable enthusiasm and a
rush for the other hotels. W T ithin a few
minutes the news had been spread over
the center of the town.
The first session of the National Com
mittee lasted less than an hour. Chair
man Carter called the members to order
at 12:15 o'clock in the clubroom of the
Southern Hotel. Secretary Manley called
the roll, and Indian Territory alone failed
to respond. Senator Gear was proxy for
James S. Clarkson of lowa, from whom a
telegram was received saying he had been
taken ill at Philadelphia while en route
and might not be able to get here at any
! stage of the proceedings. A committee
having been appointed to prepare resolu
tions of respect to the memory of ex-
National Committeeman W. J. Campbell
of Illinois, who passed away since the last
meeting of the body, the list of contests
was read.
At this stage Colonel R. C. Kerens of
this city submitted a resolution providing
for the presence at the secret meetings of
the committee of representatives of each
of the two press associations. This was
an infringement on the established prece
dent of the body, but Delegate Isaac
Trumbo of Salt Lake supported it in a
few vigorous remarks, and it went through
unanimously.
A motion to take up the question of
Territorial representation was ruled out
by the chair on the ground that the Terri
tories must be reached in proper order, and
it was then decided to take up the con
tests, beginning with Alabama, this after
noon, and a recess was taken until 2 p. m.
When the committee reassembled at 2
o'clock the Alabama contests were taken
up without delay. David D. Shelby pre
sented the case of the regular delegates
at-large, David D. Shelby, C. W. Buckley,
John W. Jones and W. H. Pattiford, repre
senting the Vaughan wing of the party,
while the interests of the contestants, ex-
Governor William A. Smith, J. F. Mc-
Duffie, A. J. Warner (colored) and W. H.
Nivon, were looked after by ex-Chairman
Mosely and the venerable ex-Governor
himself. The entire issue turned upon the
right of the executive committee to make
up a temporary roll for the State Conven
tion and the regular delegates scored a
point by producing a telegram sent by
National Chairman Carter, on the night
before the convention, in response to an
inquiry, in which he said it was the cus
tom of the National Committee to make
up the roll, and that the chairman and
secretaries of State and National commit
tees were only the servants of those elect
ing or appointing them.
Heated speeches were made on both
sides and as soon as the contestants had
withdrawn Powell Clayton moved that
the Buckley delegation be placed on the
temporary roll. Senator Gear oi lowa
proposed as a substitute that the Smith or
Mosely delegation be seated, while W. A.
Sutherland wanted the entire matter re
ferred to a sub-committee of three to re
port on Thursday morning.
A suggestion from Senator Shoup of
Idaho that each delegate be given a half
vote in the interest of harmony was met
by so many cries of "No," and "That's
not the way to eet harmony," that it was
not pressed. Sutherland's substitute was
voted down with a shout and then the roll
was called on the main question. Thirty
four delegates voted to seat the Buckley
itcs and six the other way. By some over
sight the secretary failed to call the State
of Maine, but the majority was so over
whelming that Mr. Manley did not call at
tention to the omission, although he said
afterward that he would have voted for
the contestants. The exact complexion of
the committee, therefore, the representa
tives of North Dakota, New Moxico, Okla
homa and Al&ska being absent, was 38 to 7.
Next in order was the contest in the
fourth Congressional District, where Con
gressman W. F. Aldrich and H. F. Curry
claimed precedence of the regular dele
gates, Thomas G. Dunn and William A.
Stevens. The latter, a bright colored man,
spoke for himself and his colleague, an ex-
Federal soldier and a member of Han
cock's staff, and despite a plausi hie state
ment from Representative Aldrich the
colored man made out so good a case that
the vote ts sustain the regular delegation
was unanimous.
There was applause when it was an
nounced that the Sixth District contest
had been abandoned.
The Fifth District was passed until
Thursday.
In the Seventh District Charles D. Alex
ander and John S. Curtis, the regular
HON. THOfIAS BRACKETT REED OF MAINE, WHO CONCEDES McKINLEY'S NOMINATION AND
DECLINES TO TAKE SECOND PLACE.
delegates, told a story of attempted riot
and threatened bloodshed at the district
convention, while the contestants, Frank
M. Morgan and John I. Guzzell, sought to
put another face on the matter.
When the room had been cleared Com
mitteeman Payne of Milwaukee expressed
the opinion that the time had come to
frown upon such convention methods as
those that had been narrated, and sug
gested that both regulars and contestants
be excluded from ihe regular roll. Com
mitteeman Hahn, however, moved to seat
Alexander and Curtis, and there were but
four voices in the negative.
The Eighth District contest was with
drawn and the names of the regular dele
gales — W. W. Simmons and H. V. Cashin
— placed upon the roll.
In the Ninth District A. D. Wimbs (col
ored) and W. C. Hamlin, a Grand Army
veteran, both adherents of the Moseley
wing, contested the seats of J. W. Hughes
and W. L. Sauuders. State Chairman
Vaughau made the argument for the lat
ter, while Moseley argued that what was
"sauce for the goose was sauce for the
gander," and that the committee could
not decid.e against the contestants in this
case without admitting that, the facts
being the same, it was wrong in the Sev
enth District contests. The committee
agreed with him, and Powell Clayton's
motion to seat the colored man and the
ex-Northern volunteer was carried with a
shout.
At 6:15 the committee took a recess until
Bp. M. Subsequently it was announced
that the Fifth District case would be
settled by arbitration. Of the regulars
and contestants one favors Allison, one
McKinley and two Reed.
When the committee reconvened at 8:15
o'clock the contest on delegates-at-large
from Florida and those in the Third and
Fourth districts of California were made
the special order for Thursday morning.
Georgia was next in order, and Chairman
Carter remarked, soto voce, as he sur
rendered the chair to M. H. de Young,
that at the present rate of progress the
committee would still be in session when
the convention assembled on Tuesday.
Only two seats of the four delegates-at
large from this State proved to be con
tested. R. R. Wright (colored), who at
the outset announced himself the original
McKinley champion of his State, opened
for the two contestants, himself and J. G.
Hetherington, an adherent of Senator
Allison, who were chosen at a second
State Convention, held after the first one
had adjourned.
W. H. Smythe replied in behalf of the
delegates attacked, J. U. Deveaux and H.
A. Rucker, and showed from the sworn
minutes that the two last named were se
DECORATIONS OVER THE CHAIRMAN'S STAND IN THE ST. LOUIS CONVENTION HALL.
lected by acclamation, the opposition mak
ing no protest until after the convention
had adjourned. This and other proof was
sufficient for the committee and by a un
animous vote Deveaux and Ruoker were
seaced. The other delegates-at-large are
A. G. Buck and H. L. Johnson.
In the First District of Georgia R. W.
"White and S. O. Cherry both (colored)
contested the seats of M. J. Boyle and S.
B. Morse (colored), who were chosen at
the regular convention. All four are Mc-
Kinleyites, the two latter having been
given instructions. Both sides were ac
corded a full hearing. I. W. Lyons of the
Tenth District, a colored delegate, aroused
interest by an earnest speech in behalf of
Boyle, who is an Irishman. Boyle and
Morse were seated, with five dissensions.
The Ninth Georgia District contest was
passed until to-morrow, and that in the
Eleventh District was taken up. In this
case the seats of S. M. Scarlett and Wil
liam Jones, both colored and instructed
for McKinley, were claimed by W T . H.
Matthews and D. Outlaw, also colored,
who were instructed for Reed by a conven
tion consisting of seven bolters.
Another exhaustive presentation of affi
davits and personal experiences of persons
present at the district convention was in
order and in the result Jones and Scarlett
were seated without about a half dozen
votes in the negative.
At 10:35 the first of the Kentucky con
tests was called, but several committee
men entered a protest against a midnight
session on the ground that they had been
on the road for from two to four nights
and needed rest, and an adjournment was
therefore taken until 10 a. m.
Each member of the National Commit
tee, as well as the leading delegates on the
ground, was furnished this afternoon with
a suggested monetary plank for the plat
form drawn up by Richard C. Kerens. It
reads as follows:
"We believe that our money should not
be inferior to the money of the most en
lightened nations of tne earth, and are
unalterably opposed to every scheme that
threatens to debase or depreciate our pres
ent monetary standard. We favor the
reasonable use of silver as currency, but
such use should be to the extent only and
under such well-defined regulation that
its parity with gold as currency can be
easily and efficiently maintained. As con
sistent bimetallists, we are opposed to the
independent free coinage of silver at a
ratio of 16 to las a measure fraught with
certain disaster to all commercial inter
ests, destructive to the interest of the
wage-earner and in the absence of inter
national agreement, sure to lead to silver
monometallism."
Mark Hanna is already taking a hand in
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the financial tight and has set on foot a
strong movement for a compromise. This
afternoon he sent for a number of the
Southern delegates who are known to he
friendly to McKinley, and urged them not
to push their demands for a gold plank.
He fears a bis defection in the West, and
the whole power of the Ohio organization
will be used from this time on to prevent
the absolute overriding of the free coinage
Westerners.
The incoming crowds on the late trains
last night and those of the early morning
were so numerous as to take by surprise
the hotel people and the local committee
of arrangements, who, izoing by the re
ports from different parts of the country,
had been led to believe that it would be
late in the week before the visitors would
be very much in evidence.
Before the breakfast hour was over this
morning, however, four pages of freshly
written autographs had been added to the
convention register at the Southern.
About t:ie same number were recorded at
the Planters' and the Lindell. In the ro
tundas were the same ever changing
crowds, the same discussions, whispering
confabs, button-holemg and other incidents
I that are the invariable accompaniments of
a rally of political chieftains.
There were a score or more of old friends
and acquaintances at the Union station to
welcome the "head center" of Major Mc-
Kinley's campaign, Mark A. hanna, when
the Bee Line train from Cleveland pulled
in at 7:30.
With Him were General W. McKinley
i Osborne of Boston, the major's cousin;
1 Myron T. Herrick and Colonel Sylvester
Everett, delegates from Cleveland: W.;M.
Hahn of Mansfield and Oscar R. Meyer of
Portland, Or. Before he had time to
register at the Southern Hotel Mr. Hanna
was the center of a group of other dis
tinguished Republicans, among whom
were SamuelFessenden of Connecticut; M.
J. Dowling, president of the Minnesota
State League ; Henry _C. Payne of Mil
waukee, ex-Governor Fifer and Cantain
Tanner, the latter the eubernatorial nomi
nee in Illinois. There were greetings and
handshakes, and then, after a hurried,
I breakfast, Mr. Hanna betook himself to
j the private room of the McKinley head
quarters, on the parlor floor, and conferred
with Judge Thompson.
Then a messenger was sent in quest oi
J. N. Huston of Indianapolis, who, it is
undei stood, is authorized to speak for
Charles W. Fail banks of the same city,
regarding the presentation of the latter's
; name to the National Committe as a can
' didate for the temporary chairmanship of
I the committee. Mr. Huston, however,
was not to be found for the moment, and
Mr. Hanna turned to the task of greeting2
the crowd that besieged his apartment.
Prominent amonp; the callers were Gen
eral Garrett D. Hobart, delegate at large
from New Jersey, who is regarded as a
Vice-Presidential possibility; 6. H. Man
chester, secretary of tlie New York City Re
publican Committee, and Delegate R. B.
Renfro of Texas.
A signed statement, given to the
United Press last night by National Com
mitteeman M. H. de Young of San Fran
cisco, in which he declared that, while the
California delegates were instructed for
the free coinage of silver, they would not
bolt the convention in the event of the
gold standard element being supreme, was
one of the leading topics of discussion this
morning.
The stand taKen by the Californian was
indorsed by Senator Shoup of Idaho, who
gave it out flat-footed that, while his dele
gation was a free-silver one, pure and sim
ple, and would tight for a white-metal
plank in the platform, it would submit
with good grace to the will of the majority
and accept with the best possible grace
the decision of the convention. It was no
ticeable that the delegates on the ground
from Mississippi and Louisiana, who at
home are supposed to be ardent frec-sil
verites, are talking "sound money and
McKinley."
Delegate, Renfro of the Texas "Lily
Whites" was also loudly proclaiming that
the seated delegates from his State, no
matter who they might be, would be found
voting for the Ohio man and a clean-cut
declaration for sound money.
Among the late arrivals to-night were:
William H. Griffith, National committee
man from Arizona; General J. C. Wilson
of Delaware (the man wno captured Jeff
Davis); Hon. Anthony Higgins of Dela
ware; S.M.Barnes, National committee
man of Olahoma; Abner McKinley of
New York City, brother of Major McKin
ley; Hon. Charles M. Dawes, Evanston,
Illinois.
Following are expressions of opinion on
candidates and platform declarations
gathered about the hotels:
National Committeeman Hahn of Ohio:
"You can set it down as a positive fact
that McKinley will be nominated on the
first ballot, combination or no combina
tion. Nothing can stop it. The people
want McKinley and they are going to
have him."
Ex-Secretary of War Rcdfieid Proctor of
Vermont: "1 do not want to be Vice-
President of the United States. My name
shall never be presented for that office be-
Jore the Republican National Convention.
Republicanism of my State is five to one
for McKinley. He will surely win on the
first ballot."
James Francis Burke, assistant secre
tary of the National Committee : "Quay's
name will be presented and will receive
sixty votes on the first ballot. Further
than that I don't know what his course
will be. The Vice-Presidency will go to
Reed if he will have it. If not, I presume
some Western man who is sound on the
money question will be the nominee. I
do not think there will be any bolt by the
silver wing of the party, and prospects are
bright for an overwhelming victory."
National Committeeman David Martin
of Pennsylvania: "I think the platform
will be an out and out sound-money one.
1 don't think there is any doubt about that.
We don't concede that there will be any
bolts, and I hardly think there will be.
At any rate I do not think we have any
thing to fear. Threatened bolts are not
worrying us inth c least."
National Committeeman G. A. Hobart. of
New Jersey: "I am for McKinley. My
first choice for second place is Thomas B.
Reed, and if he will not accept, then I am
heartily in favor of some young Republi
can for the place. As for myself, lam be
ing mentioned for the place; and while I
am too modest to speak about my own
affairs, still my name will be presented to
the convention. I, as well as the New
Jersey delegation, am for sound money.
We have so declared. There will be no
bolt on the part of the Western States on
account of the money plank, which will be
for sound currency."
DELEGATES GETTING IN.
Scenes in the Lobbies of St. Louis
Hotels.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 10.— The tall and
ratner distinguished form of a coal black
man, his head topped with a shining silk
hat, towers above the straw hats, slouched
sombreros and derbys in the spacious lob
bies of the Southern Hotel. His short
hair and closely cropped side whiskers are
ns white as fcnow, and form a striking con
trast to lii 3 jet black skin. There are more
lhan 200 pounds of him. He is six feet
three inches in heicht, and he attracts
sdded attention because of the showy Al
lison badire which he displays on his vest
in the shape of a miniature reproduction
of the stars and stripes and a photograph
of the head of Senator Allison.
This colored man is Perry Carson of
Washington, D. C, the acknowledged
leader of the colored delegates, about a
score of whom have already arrived.
Although 61 years of age, he is as vigorous*
and active as a man of 40. When one con
verses with him for a while, he easily
understands the reason why Mr. Carson
stands in politics, on this occasion at least,
as the leader of his race. He has a deep,
manly voice, and is urbane and courteous.
His experience in politics dates back for
more than thirty-five years. He is proud
of telling how he attended, as a spectator,
the convention that nominated Abraham
Lincoln. He says, unlike the conventions
of the present day, full of bustle and
activity, it was rather tame and quiet. It
Beerned as though the actors in that
memorable drama were unconscious of the
deep significance of that nomination. Mr.
Carson is proud also of the fact that he
was born in Baltimore, Md., and that his
father's mother was a full blooded Black
hawk Indian of tnat State. He is also vain
of the fact that he never attended school,
but picked up his education by a kind of
inspiration, as he calls it.
Mr. Carson has held many offices of
trust and responsibility, having served as
messenger for the Governor before the
territorial form of government was abol
ished. He afterward held the office of
superintendent of fireplugs for several
years and was the deputy Marshal who
escorted Murderer Guiteau from jail to the
Courthouse in the prison van when an
overzealous United States soldier shot at
tbe prisoner. When the bullet tore
through the van Guiteau completely lost
las wits and turned a somersault in the
vehicle, almost breaking his neck.
Mr. Carson claims the honor of having
organized the Republican party of the
District of Columbia, so far as the colored
voters were concerned.
"I never bolted my party," he said, "and
I have a record that no other representa
tive negro has in this country. When I
was elected a delegate to Minneapolis it
was thought I was going to stand by Har
rison; but before I left Washington I said
I would support Blame if he would be a
candidate, and I did so. I am for Wil
liam B. Allison because he has been a fair
man to my race. He is all right on the
currency question. The colored men here
are for Allison and Reed and Morton and
Quay, and some are for McKinley. You
tee, they are mixed up."
Not many of the delegates rw now here,
only some of those interested in the con
tests before the National Committee hav
ing arrived it _is not expected that the
lobby of the Southern will buzz with poli
tics until next Sunday, when nearly all of
the delegates are expected to be in attend
ance. Enough have arrived, however, to
show that sometniner is going on, and
many picturesque grouus may be observed.
Stiff-rimmed straw hats are in the ma
jority. Here and there a broad-brimmed
black hat covering a head of long hair de
notes a delegate from the wild and wooly
West. There are a few stylish black and
tan derbys, which, however, will be ex
, changed in a day or two for the straw hat
of commerce, costing all the way from 48
cents for plebeian straw up to $25 for the
aristocratic Panama.
The tornado seems to have broken the
spell of hot, sultry weather, which usually
prevails in St. Louis all summer, and the
week thus far has been cool and cloudy,
with a warm shower every morning and
breezes at night. During the day one feels
as though he were in the conservatory in
Golden Gate Park with the heating appa
ratus on in full force. Walking-sticks are
not fashionable here, for each St. Louisan
and the stranger within the gates carries
an umbrella in one hand and a fan in the
other.
The half-dozen gentlemen from Cali
fornia, including Colonel Isaac Trumbo,
who is half a Californian, appear during
the evening resplendent in silk hats, and
give the wondering natives and the tender
feet from the South and East a fitting idea
of the gallantry and grace which distin
guish the gentlemen from the Golden
State.
Mrs. Clara Foltz, formerly of San Fran
cisco and now a leading lady of the New
York bar, Is here as a looker-on. She ex
pects that experience may come handy
when woman suffrage in California and
New York will have become an accom
plished fact. The St. Louis Chronicle
Colonel Swords, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Republican National Committee, at
His Desk.
publishes her portrait to-day under the
heading, "Portia Neither Fairer nor Clev
erer than This Woman."
Mrs. Foltz sees no reason why there
should not spring from the ranks of
women lawyers a Webster, a Lincoln or a
Choate. Tne Chronicle says:
Mrs. Foltz is a political enthusiast. She
is a rabid free silverite and a strong anti-
McKinleyite. She favors General Ben
jamin F. Tracey for President. Though a
Republican, she favors the Mills tariff to
McKinley's, and stumped the State of
California last campaign in its advocacy.
Her brother. Samuel M. Shortridge, she
predicts, will be the next United States
Senator from California and her friend
Colonel Trumbo the next United States
Senator from Utah. Mrs. Foltz is dean
for life of the Portia Law Club of San
Francisco.
Judge Thomas D. Riordan of San Fran
cisco, alternate and successor to W. W.
Montague, is here with Colonel Samuel M.
Shortridge, and is much interested in the
meeting of the National Committee, which
began at noon to-day. After the disposi
tion of the cases from Alabama and
Arkansas the hearing of the contests in
the cases of the regularly elected and in
dorsed delegates from the Third and
Fourth Congressional districts was set for
to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
In dealing with Alabama and Arkansas
the committee has shown a disposition to
exte id to the State conventions the cour
tesy of recognizing as delegates to the Na
tional Convention the gentlemen indorsed
by the State conventions as the regular
delegates. In the case of California this
rule will work well for the friends of Mr.
McKinley, for the regular deiegates are
pledged to vote for McKinley as long as
there is any reasonable prospect of his
nomination.
Everything is McKinley on the first
ballot, hence the politicians and the dele
gates will have little to talk of except the
Vice-Presidency, which seems to be oscil
lating between Reed and Hobart. In case
a nomination is had on one ballot— and it
looks that way now — the convention will
be able to complete its work in two days.
The silver men are hot to-night and are
determined to make a vigorous fight on
the floor of the convention for an out-and
out expression on the money issue. They
want it straight silver or straight gold, and
threaten to bolt if it is gold.
St. Louis is enteprising and is making
money out of her recent misfortune.
Hundreds of wrecked buildings have been
photographed and from these photographs
souvenir books of half-tone engravings
have been made and are being offered for
sale. The tornado was impartially Kind
to the cable and the electric railway sys
tems here. It traversed the route taken
by both systems, and now the cars display
cards reading as follows: "Direct to the
cyclone district." The cars are crowded
with sightseers, who go out on the cable
cara and come back by the electric-cars.
The route is lined with roofless dwellings,
the departing roof taking with it, in al
most every instance, half or the whole of
the top story. Many brick buildings in
the choicest residence part of the city
were destroyed outright, while two of the
prettiest of the city parks are in ruins.
Among the visitors to the ruins to-day
were Eli Denison of Alameda, Joseph
Speer and C. J. Stilwell of San Francisco.
Late to-night a voice louder than all the
rest was raised in the lobby. It was that
of Sconchin Maloney of San Francisco,
whom a kind fate sent to Guatemala, but
THE SAN FJIAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
Guatemala could not hold him and he
came here by way of Panama.
John Paul Cosgbave.
McKINLEY AND HOBART.
It Is Prophesied That They Will Be
Nominated.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 10.— For Presi
dent — William McKinley of Ohio: for
Vice-President— Garrett A. Hobart of
New Jersey; platform— "Sound Money."
The "knowing ones" — and there are
many of them in the Southern Hotel
lobby— predict that this will be the ticket
nominated by the Republican party in the
National Convention. A stanch sup
porter of McKinley, as well as his inti
mate friend and political confidant, said to
The Call correspondent to-night: "Every
one of Major McKinley's supporters is
certain that he will be nominated hands
down, on the first ballot, and those who
have opposed' him reluctantly confess as
much. He will certainly be selected on an
anti-sixteen to one, in other words,
"Sound Money" platform. Therefore the
interesting question is now, who will be
nominated as his running mate? My
guess is that it will be Garrett A. Hobart
of New Jersey, whose nomination would
be quite as acceptable to McKinley's sup
porters."
Ordinarily the opinion of one individual
politician is not weighty at a gathering
where wis6 predictions are as plenty as
blackberrys. The desires of these political
prognosticators often warp their better
judgment and again they resort to willful
misrepresentations to accomplish their
ends. Not so, however, with The Call's
informant. He is a man whose strong
character and sterling worth has made
him a close friend of the great Ohioan. If
the name of this gentleman should be
mentioned, coupled with his prediction
that Hobart of New Jersey would not only
be acceptable to the friends of Major Mc-
Kinley, but that he would be nominated
for Vice - President, the announcement
would be regarded as semi-authoritative,
at least, and thi3 obviously might incite
the displeasure of other ambitious Vice-
Presidential candidates, so the name of
Tue Call's informant is withheld.
It is the inalienable right of every indi
vidual to hazard a guess, and in the enjoy
ment of thut blessed privilege The Call's
correspondent predicts that McKinley and
Hobart will be the ticket nominated next
week. There are many names mentioned
for the Vice-Presidential nomination, viz. :
Thomas B. Reed of Maine, Governor Levi
P. Morton, Warner Miller, General Horace
Porter, ex-Secretary of the Navy Benjamin
F. Tracy, General McAlpin, ail of New
York State; Governor Hastings of Penn
sylvania.
Mr. Manley of Maine stated to The Call
correspondent explicitly and positively to
day that Reed would not accept second
place. The name of M. H. de Young of
California has been mentioned in tiiis con
nection, but he is not ambitious, for he
stated so very plainly to the interviewer.
Iv brief, while Mr. de Young disavowed
his Vice-Presidential ambition, he w&s
willing to emulate the example of the
good old Roman patriot, Cincinnatus.
Mr. de Young said:
"Really, now young man, I have not
given the matter serious consideration.
Everybody knows, that at the Minneapolis
convention in 1892, my friends begged me
to take the Vice-Presidential nomination,
but I persisted in my refusal to accept such
an empty honor."
Thus we see history repeating itself.
Marc Antony said of the great Cseaar:
"You ail did see how on the lupercal, I
thrice did offer him a kingly crown, which
thrice did he refuse. Was this ambition?"
And so Mr. de Young will pass into history
as an unambitious but noble Roman, who
did not desire the Vice-Presiderfcy, but
would accept the empty honor if called by
his party. But here is Mr. de Young's
identical language after relating how he
declined the honor in 1892:
"If the coming convention, in its wis
dom, should offer me the nomination, 1
could not be hasty or positive in my
declination. I leave for Paris in a few
weeks, where my children are being
educated; but in these days of fast land
and sea travel the trip there and back will
not consume much time, and I expect to
be here for the campaign."
The political sharps, having decided
that McKinley will undoubtedly be nomi
nated for the Presidency, with a strong
probability that Mr. Hobart will be his
running mate, speculation turns upon the
platform. The Call correspondent-, to
day talked with Republicans of promi
nence from all sections of the country,
and there seems to be but one opinion.
The platform will declare against the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
The general opinion is that it will be
drawn on the lines of the Indiana plat
form, which declared against 16 to 1 free
coinage, but whose "sound money"
declaration was moderately worded. The
platform, therefore, will be for sound
money, but the resolutions committee, it
is believed, will soften the phrases, en
deavoring not to give offense to the free
silver people.
Senator Proctor of Vermont, who seve
ral months a;?o was counted among Mr.
Reed's New England supporters, but who
has recently joined the McKinley forces
and who may be made permanent chair
man of the convention, said to The Call
correspondent to-night, in reply to
questions :
"Yes, of course; I have heard my name
mentioned as permanent chairman of the
convention. I do not know whether the
reports that Republican leaders want me
to accept in that capacity have any real
foundation or not, but I think not. They
might select a better man than myself for
chairman. However, if they so decide, I
will obey. "For," said be, "I am a soldier."
"What will the platform be, Senator?"
"Briefly it will declare ?or protection and
sound money," ne replied.
Perry S. Heath, who, next to Marcus
Hanna, Congressman Grosvenor or A. C.
Thompson of Ohio, is Major McKinley's
closest political confident, said to-night:
"An interesting and peculiar condition
exists in several of the States respecting
the issues which will be foremost in the
approaching campaign. It does not now
seem at all likely that there will be any
thiog like a bolt'of the silver States on ac
count of the adoption of a sound-money
plank in the platform. It was expected
by many a few weeks ago, that the most
rabid free-silver States would walk out of
the convention, but there is much reason
ing and counciling upon every hand and
the probability is that the fight for silver
will be confined within the lines of the
party without any bolts.
"Prominent Republican leaders from all
of the silver States excepting Nevada have
visited our headquarters during the past
two or three days and expressed the
opinion that the McKinley electoral ticket
would be elected in their States upon a
sound-money platform, while free-silver
Legislatures and Congressmen would be
elected at the same time by Republicans.
They argue that McKinley's well known
and pronounced and popular position
upon the tariff will insure his election in
most if not all of the silver States, even
though he does stand upon the soundest
kind of a sound-money platform, because
the protectionists are willing to take Mc-
Kinley on account of his protection prin
ciples, thus securing the protection object
through the executive branch of the Gov
ernment and silver legislation sentiment
through the legislative branch. When one
looks into this proposition it does not ap
pear as inconsistent as at first blush.
Every candidate has had some quality
which recommended him most promi
nently to the franchise o! the people.
"There is no doubt that the greatest
strength of McKinley lies in the fact that
he more perfectly than any of the aspir
ants represents the protection side of the
Republican decalogue. Republicans are
universally protectionists, and even if the
personification of protection is opposed to
their ideas on a single phase of the money
question, they will accept him and sup
port him and attempt to secure the enact
ment of their desires on the financial
question through other directions. The
Republicans who some time ago argued
in favor of the idea that protection and
free silver should go side by side are now
saying that they are willing to take pro
tection in one hand and seek free silver
with the other. There is no doubt that
even in the silver States the tariff will be
the leading issue, as the country has suf
fered from the deficiency in the Treasury
Department at Washington from a lack of
revenue sufficient to meet the necessary
and pauper labor abroad. Of
course it is expected that the most ardent
free-silver States will make free silver an
issue of great prominence, and in some
States silver will take precedence over the
tariff, but the localities which will make
silver the only issue are few and remote.
"East of the Missouri the tariff and its
bearing upon labor questions will be the
great issue. It looks now as though the
Republicans in t c silver States would be
able to adjust the issues before them in
such a way as to insure success tor the
National ticket without coming in conflict
with the paramount local issues."
Perry Heath is an old-time Washington
correspondent. He was for several years
representative of the Columbus Dispatch,
Indianapolis Journal and other papers.
While acting as the Journal correspond
ent he established and maintained friendly
relations with Senator Benjamin Harrison,
who, when he became President, reposed
great confidence in his newspaper friend
and imparted to him many political and
official secrets. Mr. Heath several years
ago became financially interested In the
Cincinnati Commercial Gazette and was
its business and editorial manager. His
paper was regarded as McKinley's State
organ, and it is understood that Mr.
Heath relinquish his active work on the
paper in order to enter into the political
canvass in Major McKinley's interest. Of
cor-^e Mr. Heath is certain that Mr. Mc-
Kinley will be nominated on the first
ballot.
"Who, in your opinion, will be named
for second place?" he was asked to-day.
Mr. Heath skillfully parried this blunt
interrogatory, but after naming over sev
eral of the most prominent Republicans
who have been mentioned in that connec
tion, said that Mr. Hobart of New Jersey
would make a strong candidate who would
command the confidence of the business
men of the country, as Mr. Hobart is es
sentially a business man. Besides, he lives
in one of the pivotal States.
"Would Mr. Hobart's nomination be
acceptable to the McKinley managers and
supporters?" he was asked.
'Quite so," said Mr. Heath.
"I notice that John M. Thurston of
Nebraska is wearing a McKinley and
Hobart lapel button," suggested The
Call correspondent.
"Yes," said Mr. Heath, "and it is one of
the first issues."
"This, coupled with the fact that Thur
ston is a strong McKinley man, might
naturally be regarded as significant?"
"Yes, perhaps so," answered Mr. Me
Kinley'a friend, with a look more expres
sive than words which he did not utter.
There is no doubt that the free-silver
men fully realize the platform will be for
"sound money." They only hope now
that the declarations will not be emphat
ically expressed in favor of a single gold
standard; but whatever may be the plat
form all good Republicans will abide by it.
This is the sentiment of all with the ex
ception of a few far Western delegates.
One of the National committeemen said
to-night that he talked with most of the
Western delegates now in the city with a
view of ascertaining their attitude in the
West if a "sound-money" plank was
adopted.
"Only one State will walk out," said he,
"and this will be Colorado. Some of
the Idahoans may bolt, but Sena
tor Shoup will support the Republican
ticket."
This expression of a National Cornmit
tceman is given, because it fairly reflects
the sentiment of a vast majority of the
prominent Republican politicians who are
on the ground. There are one or two radi
cal silver men, however, who declare they
will never accept the "sound-money"
platform. Colonel Trumbo of Utah de
clares that the time has come when the
battle between gold and silver must be
"fought to a finish." Thomas D. Riordan
of San Francisco is another one of the
radicals who threatens to bolt if the plat
form is antagonistic to silver.
At a late hour to-night, Mr. Manley of
Maine concedes that his candidate, Reed,
is doomed to defeat, and that the nominee
will be McKinley. He says it is very evi
dent from the vote on the Alabama and
Arkansas contests to-day, that the McKin
ley men are in full control of the National
Committee. There are about fifty cases to
be heard by the committee, involving tbe
seats of 168 delegates, and four or five days
will be occupied in hearing them. It is
probable that the contest cases will not
be finished before Saturday night.
The general impression to-night is that
Fairbanks of Indiana will be made tempora
ry chairman, though the objection is being
urged cgalnst him that his selection would
be construed as interference in the In
diana factional fight. Fairbanks is a
strong McKinley man, being a candidate
for the Senate against W. R. McKeen, a
warm friend of General Harrison. The
friends of Mr. McKeen claim that Fair
banks' election wotild give him an advan
tage over McKeen. Nevertheless, Fair
banks will be selected for the temporary
chairmanship with a strong probability
that Senator Proctor will be made perma
nent chairman.
C. C. Carleton.
GOVERNOR BRADLEY'S VIEWS.
He Denies That He Straddled the
Money Question.
FRANKFORT, Ky., June 10.— For near
ly a week Governor Bradley has been
threatening to give out a statement in re
ply to a recent dispatch sent out from
Washington, to the effect that he was
originally in favor of a compromising
policy on the financial question, but was
induced by Governor McKinley to make
the race for Governor of Kentucky last fail
on a gold standard platform, and further
that Bradley has since negotiated with
McKinley and other Presidential candi
dates. Articles have also been sent from
here stating that Governor Bradley has
letters in his possession, written to him
by various Republican leaders, which
letters he intended to make public
After laboring several days the Gover
nor to-night gave out the following state
ment, which was carefully written and
more carefully revised: "I cannot permi
the Washington dispatch to the Chicago
Record to pass unchallenged. In response
I deny that I ever was the representative
of Mr. Hanna in any way, nor is it true
that my actions were ever controlled or
governed in the slightest degree by what
is politically called in that dispatch the
Platt-Clarkson crowd. There was never j
any combination between those gentle
men and myself or any of my friends. 1
have not attempted to make terms with
McKinley or any of his managers. I have
not offered to trade any votes or any vote
for Vice-president, nor will I be a candi
date for Vice- President, nor would I accept
a Cabinet position.
"I did write to McKinley, and at the
same time I wrote to a number of leading
Republicans throughout the cou ltry con
cerning the Kentucky campaign. The in
sinuation that I wrote favoring a straddle
on the currency question or that McKin
ley advised me not to pursue such a course
or said that the silver agitation was the
result of hard times, just as tbe greenback
craze was the result of the panic of '73, is
totally false. 1 did not write to him that
a majority of the people in Kentucky were
in favor of free coinage or that both parties
were rapidly drifting that way, My ex
pressed opinion was that the Minneapolis
platform was too general and that the
party must make a clear and distinct selec
tion.
"My views are too well known to require
explanation in Kentucky. Weeks before
the convention assembled at Louisville the
Sunday Critic announced my declaration
that I would not uccept the nomination on
a free-siiver platform and I gave tbe
Courier-Journal an interview almost as
explicit. I have time and time again de
clared in favor of the gold standard, with
every dollar made of equal value, and
against the free and unlimited coinage of
silver. My canvass was made on a plat
form embodying these ideas aud I adhere
to that platform now. I believe that
sound currency will be the leading issue
of the coming campaign. The honor of
the Republic and the welfare of the people
demand its correct solution. It is far
above personal success or individual ad
vancement, and in this hour of supreme
trial the Republican convention should
declare unhesitatingly in favor of the
single gold stand, rd.
"There is no tine for quibbling or eva
sion. We may lose some Western States.
This loss will be more than compensated
by the gain in the old slave border States,
but if I thought such declaration would
cause the Republican nominee to be de
feated I would none the less favor it.
"Success at the expense of the National
welfare would be neither creditable nor
profitable. In justice to McKinley I will
add the statement in to-day's Courier
Journal that he wrote me recommending
the adoption of a plank with a strong free
silver tinge is not true, neither did he or
any one of the gentlemen addressed sug
gest anything of the kind."
FAIRBANKS FOR CHAIRMAN.
Secretary Thompson Does Not Think
Me Is Selected.
TERRE HAUTE, Ink, June 10.— The
result of an interview to-day with ex-
Secretary of the Navy Thompson, who is
one of the delegates-at-large to the St.
Louis convention, was the expression of
his surprise at a statement that Mark
Hanna last night said that C. W. Fair
banks, one of the Indiana delegates-at
large, had been selected for temporary
chairman of the St. Louis convention.
He said: "I do not believe that Mr.
McKinley has authorized this selecton to
be made, or any other. I do not believe
he would interfere in the Senatorial con
test iD this State so as to take the part of
one of the contestants— there being sev
eral — against all the others. This prefer
ence for Mr. Fairbanks would place
him precisely in that position, inasmuch
as he is an avowed candidate for Senator.
I repeat, I do not believe McKinley would
be a party to any such bargaining before
or after the convention. It is said that
Mr. Fairbanks has been selected because
he secured instructions oy the Republican
State Convention to the delegates-at-large
to vote for McKinley. This is new to me
as well as surprising, for it attaches the
credit to. one man which belongs to the
Republican party of the State."
Orator* of Eminence.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 10.— Nominating
speeches have not been decided upon ex
cept as follows: Joseph B. Foraker of Ohio
will nominate McKinley and John M.
Thurston will second the nomination;
Allison will be nominated by John N.
Baldwin of Council Bluffs; Reed will be
nominated by Henry Cabot Lodge of
Massachusetts; Chauncey M. Depew wili
nominate Morton ; Governor Hastings
will present Quay's name.
Qorernor McQaw't Views.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 10.— Governor
McGaw, who went East with the delega
tion to the St. Louis convention to-day,
said he expected the National Convention
would indorse an out-and-out gold plank,
as adopted at the Washington State Con
vention last month. He further stated that
the Republicans would sweep the State
this fall.
EXECUTION OF A
FEMALE MONSTER
The Notorious Mrs. Dyer
Hanged in Newgate
Prison.
A SLAYER OF INNOCENTS
Weighted With Bricks She Threw
Scores of Babies Into
the Thames.
APPALLING BECORD OF CRIME.
Twice Attempts Suicide and Is Led to
tbe Scaffold in a Dszsd
Condition.
LONDON, Eng., June 10.— Mrs. Annie
Dyer, the Reading baby-farmer who pre
sumably murdered scores of infants in
trusted to her, was hanced in Newgate
prison at 9 o'clock this morning. Since
she was sentenced to death Mrs. Dyer had
twice attempted to commit suicide. The
woman was completely dazed when
she was led to the scaffold and had to be
supported by the warden who bad her in
charge.
Her crime was one that horrified all
England when discovered. On Monday,
March 30, a parcel was found in the river
near Reading, and when opened the body
of a little girl baby was discovered. Tbe
population of Reading consists largely of
women working in the straw-hat works,
and infanticide is not uncommon.
An address on the parcel led to the ar
rest of Mrs. Dyer; and the police were able
to prove that she borrowed some string
and took out with her a paper parcel on
that day. The string around the parcel
was identical with the string ahe bor
rowed. On Wednesday, April 8, a man
who was dragging the river brought up a
parcel of linen rags. When the parcel
reached the surface of the water a brick
dropped out, and also the head of a child,
which floated upon the surface of the
river. On examination of the parcel it
was found that some tape had been tied
tightly round the neck of the deceased
child.
On Friday, the 10th, a third body was
recovered near the footbridge at the Clap
pers. It proved to be that of a child, and
was wrapped up in a cloth and tied round
with a strinp. There was a large brick in
the parcel. The body was that of a child
of about nine months old. It is sup
posed that the little baby was suffocated
by having something placed in its mouth.
It is impossible to say how long the body
had been in the water.
On the same afternoon another parcel
was brought up from the center of the
footbridge. Iv this were found the bodies
of two infants, accompanied by such other
paraphernalia as warranted a strong sus
picion that the murderer of the children
previously found was also the destroyer of
the lives of these.
The first body found could not have been
in the water many hours, for the river at
the spot where It had been thrown in was
shallow and muddy; indeed, there was
scarcely enough water to cover the parcel
and the top was plainly visible and quite
dry. On the Inside of the wrapper was
found the address, "45 Kensington road,
Reading." Had the parcel been immersed
in the water for a long time the ink would
have become obliterated. This child had
been dead probably ten days, and it is be
lieved that it had been kept in Mrs. Dyer's
house all the while. When inquiries were
made by the police on the day of the dis
covery of the body it was found she had
gone away.
Mrs. Dyer had been indicted for the
murder of Doris, the two-months-old child
of Miss Eveliti Marmon of Cheltenham.
It was the strangled body of her baby
which the police found in the Thames
that gave the clew to the identity of its
murdress. The body had been wrapped
in brown paper and this bore the address
of the Dyer woman.
Only nine days after she surrendered
Doris to Mrs. Dyer, Miss Marmon was
taken by the police to Heading, and
there in the Morgue saw and identified
the body as that of her child, whom she
had given to Mrs. Dyer to b a . adopted
and "brought up in a good home." Mi.ss
Marmon testified that she saw in a Bris
tol paper an advertisement of Mrs. Dyer
for a baby for adoption and that she
answered it.
The second time the woman attempted
suicide she tied a shoestring around her
neck, but was found before she had
strangled herself.
The funeral of the babies attracted
enormous crowds. Henley, famous for
its annual regatta and the palatial home
of William Waldorf Astor, is not far from
the scene of the crimes.
FREE COINAGE OPPOSED
Connecticut Democrats Declare
in Favor of a Single
Standard.
HARTFORD, Coxn., June 10. — The
Democratic State Convention, called to
adopt a platform and elect delegates to
tbe National Convention at Chicago, was
called to order at the Auditorium at 10:45
this morning by Chairman Clinton B.
Davis of the State Central Committee.
Cured
By Hood's Sarsapaiilla. Thousands of
.people truthfully say this. No medicine
J n the world has such record of cures. No
other medicine possesses the curative
power contained in Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Its merit and its cures have given it the
a biding confidence of the people and have
won for it the largest sales in the world.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is tbe best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hnnri'Q Pilk easy to buy « eaBV to take «
nUUII 0 11135 easy to operate. 25c.
Mr. Davis presented the Hon. M. Elbert
Carey of Ridgefield as temporary chair
man of tbe convention.
All resolutions were ordered passed to
the committee on resolutions without de
bate, and the temporary organization was
made permanent. The delegates at large
and district were then elected by the con
vention. Delegates at large are : Miles I.
Preston, Lynde Harrison. Thomas M.
Waller and James Aldis. The resolutions
were read by Colonel N. G. Osborne of
New Haven, and adopted.
The platform declares that the Demo
crats of Connecticut believe that as a
necessary consequence the honest pay
ment ot public debts and the preservation
of the public faith and credit require that
the gold standard of money, as a measure
of value, shall be maintained.
While the most liberal use of silver con
sistent with the enforcement of a gold
standard is favored, unalterable opposi
tion to free silver is declared, free coin
age being a device for the debasement of
the currency and the compulsory purchase
of silver by the Government. President
Cleveland's administration was indorsed.
The delegates favor Russell for Presi
dent.
FREE SILVER DEFEATED.
Senator Gorman Control* the Maryland
Democratic Committee.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 10.— The at
tempt to commit the Democratic party of
Maryland to a free silver declaration wa^
defeated this afternoon by a vote of 87} M '
to 29% in the State convention. Senator
Gorman presided as temporal y and per
manent chairman and, while allowing hi*
opponents some little latitude, easily con
trolled the deiouates.
After disposing ot the money question
delegates to the National Democratic Con
vention and Presidential Electors were
chosen, the slate as prepared by M>
Gorman and Rasm coining out without a
scratch.
Approved by the President.
W ASHINGTON, D. C, June 10. — The
President has approved the act amending
the act providing for the protection of
Alaska salmon fisheries, and also a num
ber of pension bills.
yominntion* Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 10.— The
Senate to-day confirmed the following
nominations: Postmasters — Washington :
C. C. Field, Puyallup; John L. Anable,
Mount Vernon.
KEW TO-PAY.
Graceful walking may
catch the eye — but it takes
speed to catch some of these
bargains at Roos Bros.':
Boys' Sailor Suits, all wool, new effects, tan,
gray and blue, extra good making. ONLY... .750
Odd Knee Pants, all sizes 25c
Fauntleroy Blouses, not too high at 75c. Tills
WEEK 450
Combination Stilt*, all wool (combining with
suit extra pants and cap of the same material)
82. BO
Boys' Long Pants Suits, good ones 94.00 * I
Big lot Boys' Large Brim Straw Hats 150
But You'd Better Hurry!
The malls are speedy— by mail.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MAGDEBURG
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
f\F MAGDEBURG, GERMAN *, ON THE 31ST
\J day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to tbe Insurance
Commissioner of the Slate of California, pursuant
to the provisions or sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank lurnisned
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash..... :. .„. $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... 9390,511 25
Loans on Bond and Mortgage. 1,058,176 03
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,267.636 84
Cash in Company's Office 6,179 53
Cash In Banks. 339,315 97
Interest due and accrued on ail
- Stocks and Loans 13,636 54
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion . 233,669 23
Due by other Companies for Rein-
surances 779,553 46
Total assets $5,088,678 85
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses In process of Adjustment or ___„ __
in Suspense. $457,032 06
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less , re- "'• ■ * Z
Insurance 60 per cent. 1,606,719 88
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year
reinsurance pro rata Z4 ,'??:: ?'
Cash Dividends Remaining Unpaid. 1,113 60 "
All Other Demands Against the „„„.___
Company.... 57
Total liabilities. $2,573,160 98
IXC OMB.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums • .fS,OOTiS-i »a
Beceiv.d for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages •• 48,851 61
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, btocKs, Loans and
from all other sources 90,033 94
Received for Bents. 545,493 65
Received for Policy and writing fees. 31,169 43
Received for Gain on Exchange 55,770 26
Received for Profit on sale of Real
Estate. 26,526 44
Total Income $3,877.967 29
EXPENDITURES.—""
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $805,225 41 losses of
previous yean) $2,631,399 12
Dividends to Stockholders 300,000 00
Paid or Allowed for Commission or
Brokerage.... 700,032 66
Paid for Salaries fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 226,881 26
Paid for State, National and local
taxes...... 37,665 16
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures.. 131,550 45
Total expenditures $4,027,528 65
Fire losses incurred ~~~
during the year... 52,631, 399 12
ROBT. TSCHMABKE, President.
E. F. MIETHKE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn 10 before me, this 7th day i •
of March, 1896. "' • *
JULIUS MUTH, U. S. Consul at Magdeburg.
OITTE & FRANK, Managers.
303 California St., S. F.ONE DAY'S WORK
IN CONGRESS
Was in Session for One
Hundred and Eight
Hours.
ADJOURNS TO • MORROW.
Long Debate Before the Sundry
Civil Appropriation Bill
Passed.
HOUSE AND SENATE AT OUTS.
Democrats Question the Financial
Methods of the Republican
Majority.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 10.— Busi
ness of the first session of the Fifty-fourth
Congress was practically concluded to-day
by the agreement of the two bodies upon
the sundry civil and District of Columb:a
appropriation bills — the only remaining
matters of difference between the two
houses when they met this morning.
To accomplish this the House voted to
concur with the Senate in its amendments
to the sundry civil appropriations bill
of $900,000 for certain public buildings.
This vote — 100 ayes to 88 noes — demon
strated what had been feared would not
be found, a quorum of members still in
the city. The provision in the District
bill cutting off appropriations to religious
and charitable institutions was amended so
as to make the new policy effective after
June 30, 1897. Previous to reaching a con
clusion the House passed many measures
under suspension of the rules.
The concurrent resolution for the final
adjournment of Congress at 4 p. m. to
morrow was received from the Senate and
agreed to.
Although there were less than fifty mem
bers present, several measures were dis
posed of without objection, among them
the following:
A resolution offered by C. W. Stone (R.)
of Pennsylvania, that the Secretary of the
Treasury be required to communicate to
the House at the commencement of the
next session such information as he may
have or may be able to obtain in the
meantime as to the comparative merits
and advantages of pure nickel, nickel al
loy, aluminum combined or alloyed with
metals, and of copper bronze as material
for our minor coins, and, for the purpose of
mailing such information as full and com
plete as. possible, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to hare struck
such experimental minor coins of the
metals mentioned, pure and in combina
tion with other metals, as he may deem
necessary and proper. He is requested to
communicate to the House the results and
conclusions derived from such experi
mental coinage.
Shafroth (R.) of Colorado moved to sus
pend the rules and pass a bill providing
for the punishment of persons who set
fire to timber on the public domain.
On the motion of Mondell (R.) of Wyo
ming, the Senate concurrent resolution
was agreed to, directing the Secretary of
the Interior to resume the work of issuing
patents to the Union Pacific Railroad
Companj, for lands sold by it to bona-fide
purchasers, according to the lists supplied
by the company. This work was suspend
ed a year ago, and about two and a half
millionlacres of land and 15.000 purchasers
are affected.
A resolution reported from the Commit
tee on Printing, by Richardson (I).) of
Tennessee, providing for the printing of
5000 copies of the bankruptcy bill, was
passed.
Grout (R.) of Vermont called up the
conference report on the District of Colum
bia appropriation bill, made yesterday
afternoon, and the House voted to further
insist on its disagreement to the Senate
amendments still in dispute.
Under the suspension of the rules, the
following were passed :
Joint resolution extending the scope of the
good roads investigation being conducted by
the Agricultural Department. Senate joint
resolution extending the benefits conferred by
sections 1426 and 1573, Revised Statutes, re
garding service and re-enlistment to alien
listed in the navy. House bill amending the
law regulating the landing of submarine for
eign telegraph cables, so as to require Congres
sional assent in the future. Heretofore the
permission of the State Department only has
been necessary. House bill setting apart as a
Siate park, under the direction of the Secre
tary of the Interior, about 70,000 acres
of land on Mount Tacoma, Wash. House bill
opening national cemeteries to burial of army
nurses honorably discharged. House bill in
creasing from $2000 to $10,000 the limit of
claims of postmasters for loss by fire, burglary
and other unavoidable causes, which the
Postoffice Department may settle without re
ferring to Congress. House bill to protect the
public forest reserve from depredations. Sen
ate bill appropriating $200,000 to aid and en
courage the trans-Mississippi and International
Exposition to be held at Omaha in 1898.
House joint resolution extending for a year
the time within which settlers on and pur
chasers of lands on ceded Indian reservations
may prove their claims and settle with the
Government. House bill amending the ship
ping laws so as to still further provide for the
comfort and well-being of sailors.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois presented the
conference report on the urgent deficiency
bill, showing the Senate had receded from
its amendment giving a month's salary to
Congressional employes on the roll De
c moer 2. 1895, and since discharged. The
report was adopted.
Walker (R.) of Massachusetts, chairman
of the Committee on Banking and Cur
rency, stated that early in next December
the committee would report a bill dealing
with the whole subject of the Govern
ment's financial policy and the banking
and currency interests of the country.
Cannon reported a total disagreement of
the public building amendments to the
sundry civil appropriation bill and moved
that the House further insist on its dis
agreement.
In a brief statement of the situation
Cannon expressed his belief that the bill
would not fail and that for himself, indi
vidually, he would vote to further insist
upon disagreeing to these amendments.
If the House was not of that opinion and
voted to recede, that would pass the bill
with all these amendments.
W ilson briefly urged the adoption of his
motion to concur with the Senate. The
House in five cases upon this very bill
nad waived the parliamentary principle
contended for by Cannon and it could not
now insist upon its observance. He
charged a discrimination against the West
ern States in the matter of public build
ines for them, the providing of which
upon a State's entry into the Union had
been the invariable policy of the Govern- ,
m Kiu'e (R ) of Kansas supporting Can
non's motion, said it was about time for
the House to let "that Senate" know that
it would no longer be driven and drummed
about at the pleasure of that body.
Owens (D.) of Kentucky said it seemed J
to be the feeling of everybody in the Senate ;
from the pages up that all that was neces- j
B ary for the Senate when it made an [ :
amendment to a bill was to stand firm
and the House at the earliest moment
wo^lld lie down to be stepped on. "Let's
fool 'em once and give 'em to know that
we have a policy of our own and propose
to enforce it." [Applause.]
Wilson's motion to recede and concur in
the Senate amendments was lost on a
division— Bl to 88— but by a vote by tellers
it was reversed— ayes 90, noes 74. The
ayes and noes were then taken — ayes 100,
noes 88. This action passed the bill, and
the announcement was greeted with ap
plause.
Speaker Reed announced the appoint
ment of the following committees to sit
during the recess:
To investigate the charges against the
Leavenworth Soldiers' Home— Grout (R.)
of Vermont, C. W. Stone (R.) of Penn
sylvania. Warner (R.) of Illinois, Sayers
(D.) of Texas and Lay ton (D.) of Ohio.
To investigate and report upon the best
means of putting underground telephone,
telegraph and electric-light wires in the
District of Columbia— Babcock (R.) of
Wisconsin, Odell (R.) of New York and
Richardson (D.) of Tennessee.
Senate amendments were agreed to the
bill to punish the transporters of alcohol
or other liquors under a false name or
brand.
The final agreement of the conferees on
the Distiict of Columbia appropriation
bill was pre-ented and agreed to. As to
the charities provision, it was agreed that
after June 30, 1897, no money should be
paid to any religious society or institution,
or to one under sectarian or religious con
trol.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois toot occasion to
briefly review the legislation of the session.
The Republicans, having power only in
the House, proposed a revenue measure
that would obviate the necessity of bor
rowing money, but in another body ii has
slept the sleep of death.
So the best that could be done was to
provide for the expenditures of the Gov
ernment, taking care in the appropriation
bills to enter upon no new field not de
manding attention. The result had been,
he asserted, that there was no scandals of
legislation and the House would appeal to
the country for its vindication. In the
next Congress, with restored Republican
supremacy in the executive and legisla
tive departments of the Government, the
Republican party would re-enact the Re
publican protective principle into the legis
lation of the country, providing sufficient
revenue for the Government and at the
same time labor for the toiling millions
and those who want to toil. [Great ap
plause.]
Boutelle (R.) of Maine— Mr. Speaker, if
it is in order, I move that when we ad
journ it be to meet at the polls. [Laugh
ter.]
Sayers (D.) of Texas, ex-chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, re
plying to Cannon, charged the majority
with extravagance, despite what had been
said. In the presence of diminishing
revenues and a depleted treasury, Congress
had appropriated $520,000,000 at this session
of Congress, and he prophesied that those
at the next session would swell the total
for the Fifty-fourth Congress to over
$1,100,000,000, besides mortgaging the
future for $100,000,000. To offset";that the
Republican party proposed to increase the
taxes upon tne people. "The tides of
November have not yet come, and if
you (addressing the Republican members)
are honest with your party at St. Louis,
we'll try conclusions with you at the polls
and determine there whether or not the
people approve extravagance in public
expenditures and the policy of increased
taxes." [Applause.]
Dockery (D.) of Missouri followed with a
vigorous arraignment of the Republican
majority for its departure from the policy
of retrenchment and economy announced
by Speaker Reed at the beginning of the
session.
Dingley (R.) of Maine closedjtbe debate,
which extended quite unexpectedly for
nearly two hours, with an earnest defense
of the Republican policy of protection as
evidenced by the history of the country
under its operation, and he prophesied a
return of prosperity under a renewal of
that principle in its legislation. He as
serted, amid Republican applause, that
there would be no return of prosperity nor
increase of confidence until sufficient rey
enue was provided for the expenses of the
Government.
It was decided to print 10,000 copies of
the report of the Committee on Ways and
Means regarding Japanese competition,
and 10.000 copies of the testimony taKen at
the Nicaragua canal hearings by the Com
mittee on Interstate and Foreign Com
merce.
The Senate amendment to the resolution
providing for final adjournment, fixing
the hour for 4 o'clock to-morrow, was
agreed to.
President Cleveland's message vetoing
the bill to lease the iTort Omaha military
reservation to the State of Nebraska for
State military purposes was read and
referred to the Committee on Military Af
fairs.
The House then took a recess until 9:30
o'clock, when it was called to order, a
dozen members on the floor. A recess was
taken until 10:30 o'clock, when the enroll
ment of several bills was reported and
Speaker Reed siirned tnem at' 10:50. The
sundry civil appropriation bill was signed,
when, it being found that the District of
Columbia bill would not be ready to-night,
on motion by Dingley (R.) of Maine, about
twenty members being present, the House
adjourned until 11 o clock to-morrow.
This brought to an epd the legislative day
of Saturday, June 6, which extended over
a period of 108 hours.
•
THE SENATE'S SESSION.
A Bill Curtailing Judicial I'otrrr in
Contetnpt-of- Court Cases.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 10.— In the
Senate to-day Hill (D.) of New York
moved to proceed with the consideration
of the bill as to contempts of court (arising
out of the Debs case). An appeal was
made to him by Mitchell (R.) of Oregon
not to press the motion, but to permit the
consideration of the House joint resolu
tion looting to the reorganization of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company. Hill
listened to Mitchell's appeal, but per
sisted, nevertheless, in his motion. The
contempt-of-court bill was then taken up
and Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas addressed the
Senate upon it, expressing his satisfaction
with the bill.
The amendment offered by Cannon (R.)
of Utah, making a jury trial obligatory
and not discretionary with the judge, was
agreed to, and the bill as amended was
passed. It divides contempts of court
into two classes — direct and indirect.
Contempts committed during the sitting
of the court or of a iudge in chambers are
direct contempts, all others are indirect.
A direct contempt may be punished sum
marily. In the case of indirect contempt
a reasonable opportunity is to be given the
accused to purge himself of such contempt
and to have a trial by jury. A judgment
of conviction for indirect contempt may
be reviewed upon direct appeal or by writ
of error from the Supreme Court, and be
affirmed, reversed or modified.
At 6 o'clock a message was received from
the House announcing agreement on the
sundry civil bill, the. House receding from
its disagreement to the Senate amend
ments for the erection of various public
buildings.
The Senate then at 11 o'clock adjourned
until to-morrow at 11 o'clock..
W'inhts for the Sparkway.
GRAVESEND RACETRACK, N. V.,
June 10. — The weights for the Sparkway
handicap, at one and a sixteenth miies,
which will be run to-morrow, are as fol
lows: Clifford 130, St. Maxim and Bright
Phoebus 113 each, Hastings, Lehman and
Senator Gradv 108 each, Galilee and Dorian
107 each, Belmar 105, Ferrier 104, Peace
maker, Zaragosa and Connoisseur 100 each,
Refugee 96, Owlet, Aurealian, Brandy wine
and Flora Thornton 95 each, Song and
Dance 92, Captain T and Primrose 90.
Murderers in Danger of Lynching.
MANSFIELD, Mo., June 10. — Sheriff
Singleton and deputies of Ava arrived here
last night with the murderers of the Saw
yer family, Ed Perry and William Yost,
transferring them to the Springfield jail
for safe keeping.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
SENATOR WHITE
FOR PRESIDENT
Los Angeles Will Try to
Start Him in the
Big Race.
PREPARING A WELCOME
His Friends Doubt That He
Will Accept the Convention
Chairmanship.
MAT STILL SOME TEMPESTS.
The Delegation Is Against Gould and
Likes Foote— Congressional
Politics.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 10.—Prepa
rations are going forward auspiciously for
the home reception to Senator Stephen M.
White which will take place next Friday
afternoon and evening, provided the distin
guished gentleman arrives on schedule
time.
The general reception committee of
twenty has been holding meetings daily
with the view of making the reception
work complete in every detail. A full
complement of sab-committees has been
appointed, and all are working harmoni
ously. This will be a non-partisan demon
stration, and will be hearty, genuine and
full of earnest zeal.
Great political significance attaches to
Senator White's return at this time. The
reception itself has no political signifi
cance. It is a spontaneous tribute to a
United States Senator who has stood with
the great body of Los Angeles business
men in the great harbor contest.
But this return will be on the eve of the
County Convention of White's party,
wherein all manner of strife and divisions
seem imminent. The Senator, with his
usual pacific hand, is expected to pour the
sweet oil of peace unon these warring fac
tion and to fuse them into one harmoni
ous unity.
He will get Los Angeles County's in
dorsement for chairman of the State con
vention, if he will taKe it. but leading
Democrats of both factions believe he will
oppose such a move. His friend, Patton,
will be chairman of the county conven
tion.
This convention will adopt unanimously
a strong resolution instructing its dele
gates to Sacramento to instruct in turn
the State delegates to the National Con
vention to use all honorable means to se
cure the nomination of Senator White for
the Presidency.
A consensus of opinion among leading
Democrats of the "purist" faction on the
question of the chairmanship of the State
convention is that some neutral man other
than Frank Gould of Stockton should be
selected for that position, which suggests
Senator White, but, as before stated, a
majority of them think he will decline
this honor, sine* he expects to be one of
the delegates-at-large to the National Con
vention.
It is now thought that a resolution will
pass in the County Convention instructing
the delegates to the State Convention to
stand for the admission of both sets of
delegates from San Francisco. "Billy"
Foote has many friends among both fac
tions for delegate at large to the National
Convention.
There will be no resolution in favor of
Foote, but it is believed that the thirty
nine delegates will be solidly for him. A
pronounced silver and San Pedro resolu
tion will go throush with a whoop.
Owing to the harbor fight, which en
gendered so much hostility among certain
elements here, the Congressional contest
promises to be one of the warmest ever
known to Southern California.
An interesting feature of this fight is
that tne Populists have so far made no
nomination for Congressman, which means
that they will indorse an acceptable nomi
nee of the Democrats. George S. Patton,
who is of strong silver tendencies, would
be very acceptable to the Populists. So
too, would H. C. Dillon, attorney of the
Salt Lake Railroad, which will' seek to
reach tidewater at San Pedro.
Not only the Populists, but labor organi
zations throughout this district are favor
able to San tedro. The foregoing indi
cates what Mr. McLachlan will have to
contend with in the coming canvass.
CALIFORNIA WINES WIN THE DAY.
They Will Be Admitted Free of Duty to
Hawaii if Under 18 Per Cent
Alcohol.
HONOLULU, June 3, lß96.— Minister Da
mon's wine bill has passed both houses of
the Legislature. It admits duty free all
California wines under 18 per cent alcohol.
This begins next new year and continues
five years.
P. C. Jones has presented to the Govern
ment a proposition from Rithet <fe Co. of
Victoria, B. C, to place in London $4,000,
-000 of Hawaiian bonds with 4 per cent in
terest, at a discount of 5 per cent and 2 per
cent commission. In consequence the Sen
ate has promptly taken from the table Min
ister Damon's supposedly defunct bill for
refunding the Hawaiian debt at 15 per cent
discount, and has recommended it to the
Executive for the necessary changes. It
now seems clear that the whole Hawaiian
debt will be refunded at much less sacri
fice than Damon had planned for, which
had defeated his bill. The proposed loan
for puulic improvements of $800,000 at 5
per tent interest, bonds to be sold in
Honolulu, will naturally go to London at
4 per cent also. As the ninety regular
days of the session were nearly expired,
President Dole has used his prerogative
and extended the session ten days longer.
P. O. Jones has thus indicated his
sagacity in opposing the sale of bonds at
15 per cent discount, as well as his disin
terestedness in that opposition, it I aving
been claimed that he was biased by an in
clination as a lender of money to keep up
rates of interest in Honolulu.
The wife of General A. S. Hartwell died
this morning.
COAL-MINERS ABOUT TO STRIKE.
They Will Bitterly Oppose the Co-Operative
Plan of Running the
Works.
DENVER, Colo., June 10.—Mass-meet
ings of union coal-miners have been held
in several towns in the lignite field north
of Denver to-day, and resolutions calling
for a general strike of all miners there have
been adopted. The miners in several
places have been on a strike for sorre time,
in an effort to force the operators to live
up to the old agreement relative to wages
and to secure the reinstatement of severul
leaders who left work to attend a miners'
picnic, when positively ordered by their
employers not to do so. By endeavoring
to import colored labor from Kansas and
by adopting a co-operative plan of operat
ing the coal mines the owners hope to out
wit the strikers, and this general striKe
ordered to-day is for the purpose of check
ing such action. The union is now sup
plying the strikers with provisions, and
they declare they will tight against the
importation of colored help.
STUDENTS IN A RIOT.
Harvard Men Clash With Police and
Several on Both Sides Are
Badly Bruised.
BOSTON, Mass., June 10.— A riot took
place in Harvard Square to-night, and as
a result several Harvard students have
severe bruises and several of the Cam
bridge policemen are nursing wounds.
It all happened as a result of the
students exuberance over the victory of
the Harvard baseball club at Princeton.
Three students were locked up, and one
was so badly cut about the head that a
physician was summoned to the police
station.
Twelve stitches were taken in the
wound. He is Arthur T. Pilling, a sopho
more. The other two students are
Goldthwait H. Darr, a junior, and Clay
Briggs, special student.
Patrolmen Corcoran, Murray, McElroy,
and Dy nan were roughly handled, and the
coat of the first-named was stripped from
his back. The others were struck in the
faces with fists and sticks. This all oc
curred after the officers had attempted to
arrest Briggs on the charge of discharging
firearms on the street.
Minister Terrell Sails for Turkey.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 10. — Hon.
Alexander Terrell, Minister to Turkey,
sailed to-day on the steamer St. Paul for
Southampton on his way to Constanti
nople. ____________
OUTAWAY WON IN A WALK
Wonderful Winning Made on a
Long Shot by a St. Louis
Man.
He Played the Horse From Two Hun
dred to One to Less Than Fifty
to One.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 10.— Outaway, in
the third race, opened at 200 to 1, but the
active backing of one man who entered
the ring late cut the price to 40 as the
books closed. The horse won in a canter.
Two other long shots and three favorites
took the other races.
Six furlongs, Golden Corn won, Metaire
second, Aunt Sue third. Time, 1:17.
Five furlongs, Lilly Beatrice won, Kninn
second, Dunmore third. True, l:03, l <£.
Six furlongs, Outaway v. on, Pretender sec
ond, Joe O'Sot third. Time, 1:16%
Six furlongs, George F. Smitu won, David
second. Assignee finished first, but was dis
qualified for dropping weight. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs, Zamar II won. Lord Zeni sec
ond, Jim Boland third. Time, I :o2>£.
Six furlongs, Johnny McHale won, Ellen sec
ond, Damocles third. Time, 1:15.
GRAVEPEND RACETRACK, N. V.,
June 10.— The two stake races to-day were
won by Gotham, 4 to 1, and Intermission,
a hot favorite.
Six furlongs, Ferrier woii, Ameer second,
Marian tnird. Time, 1:17.
Five furlongs, Divide won, Loyal Etta sec
ond, Devil's Dream third. Time, 1:04.
One mile, Gotham won, Hornpipe second, Ed
Kearney third. Time, 1 :41.
Gazelle stakes, one and an eighth miles. In
termission won, Woodvine second, Bessie
Browniiiß third. Time, 1 :58}-£.
Five furloncs, Stackel^er^ won, Mistral II
second, Full Speed third. Time, 1:04.
Mile and a sixteenth. Volley won, Gold Crest
second, Benamela third. Time, 1:51%.
OaKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June
10. — Three favorites and two outsiders won
on a muddy track to-day. The handicap
was declared off:
Five furlongs, Rosinante won, The Plutocrat
second, Lady Keith third. Time, I :os}£.
Six furlongs, Prince Imperial won, Chicot
second, Strathreel third. Time, 1:18.
Four and a half furlongs, Orion won. Lady
Juliet second, Winker third. Time, :53;'.£.
One mile, selling, Helen Mar won. Miss
Emma second, Kingston third. Time, 1:48%.
Seven furlongs, Daisy Bolander won, Old
Center second, Belle of Foruham third. Time,
1:33. ■' ; - '-"''■'"
CHICAGO, 111., June 10.— All the favor
ites were bowled over at Forsyth to-day.
The hurdle race furnished the exciting
finish of the day, Tambio winning from
Hercules, the favorite, by a nose.
Five and a half furlongs, Demirep won,
Rubberneck (by Vagabond) second, Satinet
third. Time, 1:10%.
Four and a half furlongs, Tom Anderson
won, Vanessa second, Terrific third. Time,
:56^.
Five and a half furlongs, Little Thorn won,
Santa Cruz second. Peep o' Day II third. Time,
1:10.
Half a mile, Manhattan won, Jumbo second,
Watch Eye third. Time, :56^.
One mile, John Hickey won, Revenue sec
ond. Springtime third. Time, I :42}£.
Hurdle, one and a quarter miles, Tambio
won, Hercules second, Cunarder third. Time,
2:21& .
Five and a half furlongs. Ferryman II won,
Rubberneck (by Himyar) second, May Ashley
third. Time, I:OS'..
OMAHA, Nebk , June 10.— The second
day of the Western Grand Circuit race
meet drew a crowd of 5000 people this
afternoon. The events were all interest
ing, and Starter McCarthy kept things
lively. Miss VVilliams was the favorite in
the 2:09 pacing unfinished from yester
day's programme, but Uadge won. It
took seven heats to determine the 2:19
trot. Hubbard and Lucy B were even
favorites and had things all their own
way up to the fifth, when Wauseon, who
had been acting badly, got down to work
and came in ahead of the field by a dozen
lengths. He took the next heat, but broke
badly in the seventh, Hubbard capturing
the event.
In tne 2:23 pace Pliancy and McGinty
had it pretty much all their own way, the
latter taking the race in the fifth h»at.
2:09 pace, purse $1000, unfinished from yes
terday, Badge won, Miss Williams second, Af
frite third. Best time, 2 :<>:>'...
2:19 trotting, purse $1000, Dick Hubbard
won, Lucy B second, Wauseon third. Best
time, 2:19.
2:23 pace, purse $1000, McGinty won, Pli
ancy second, Lina V third. Best time, 2:14^.
BASEBALL IN THE EAST
Cleveland Scoops the Phillies for the
Third Time.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 10.— Cleveland
made it three straight from Philadelphia to
day. As has been the case in the other games
of the series, the visitors played the better ball.
Cuppy was very effective. Score: Philadel
pnias—2, 5, O; Clevelands— s, lo, l. Batteries—
Carsey and Grady. Cuppy and Zimmer. Um
pire — Hurst.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 10.— After two post
ponements caused by rain, the champions took
the remaining game from Louisville to-day.
The visitors were clearly outclassed at all
points. Score: Baltlmores— 9, 12, 0; Louis
villes—o,7, 2. BaUerii'*— Hemming and Robin
son, Hill ana Miller. Umpire— Sheridan.
BOSTON, Mass., June 10.— Boston-St. Louis
game postponed, account wet grounds.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 10— To-day's
game was a tedious and uninteresting contest.
Mercer became disheartened in the eighth and
ninth and "went to pieces." Score: Washing
tons—l3, 11, 8; Chioagos— l4, 15, 3. Bat
teries—Mercer and McGuire. Friend and Kitt
redne. Umpires— Keefe and Weidman.
BROOKLYN, N. V.. June 10.— Hawley pitched
a fine game throughout, folding the Brookiyns
down to one run. Score: Brookiyns— 1, 4,"l;
Pittsburgs— 4, 7, 1. Batteries— Kennedy and
Grim, Hawley and Merritt. Umpire— Camp
"NEW YORK, N. V., June 10.— The New Yorks
hit Fisher very hard. Good support, however,
prevented more runs being made. Score: New
Yorks— lo, 13, 2; Cincinnati?— 6, 15, 2. Bat
t.-rics—Clarke and Farrell, Fisher and Vaughn.
Umpire— Emslie.
The Fastest Milton a Bicycle.
DENVER, Colo., June 10.— Hamilton
rode a mile on the racetrack at Overland
Park to-day in 1:50, breaking all previous
bicycle records.
MENDING TEETH
AT SANTA CRUZ.
Dentists Give a Practical
Demonstration of New
Methods.
FILL HOLLOW MOLARS.
Denizens of the Seaside Town
Sacrifice Themselves to
Science.
PROGRESS OF A CENTURY.
Modern Methods Compared to the
Primitive Ways of Years
Agone
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 10.— Dr. Rus
sell H. Cool of Oakland tonight stepped
out of the scientific routine that is of great
importance to the dentists in the State
Convention here and presented an illus
trated lecture which was of interest to the
non-professional members of the audience.
The lecture lacked nothing in interest
to the dentists themselves, though shorn
of the technical language that usually
clothes the essays and papers. Dr. Cool
was assisted by Dr. C. L. Goddard. The
subject of the lecture was, "Popular Dis
semination of Dental Knowledge,'' in
which was shown the duty a dentist owed
to his patrons ana the advantage of pos
sessing sound teeth.
He spoke upon their care as being a
part of the training that children should
receive. Thestereopticon views presented
were amusing and instructive.
The opening of the day's session found
four of the dentists at their chairs with
patients ready to demonstrate some special
feature of practical dentistry.
The visitors present took a great interest
in the clinics. Dr. Alfred Cane of San
Francisco placed a large gold filling in a
central incisor, using his newly invented
"rotative phy^er." This instrument gives
no shock to the tooth and is noiseless.
The filling was solid and sightly.
Dr. A. F. Merriman Jr. of Oakland
placed a similar filling, but much larger.
in the mate to the tooth filled by Dr. Cane,
but instead of using a single plugging in
strument the doctor used at least a half
dozen varieties, including hand, automatic
and engine mallets, to demonstrate the
range of possibilities in gold tilling. This
tilling was likewise very creditable.
Dr. F. C. Pague performed "immediate
root filling" in the nerve canal of a right
upper lateral incisor, using salal and
paraffine by capillary attraction and gutta
percha cones. Dr. J. E. Cummings of San
Francisco commenced a clinic in making a
porcelain jacket crown for an upper in
cisor, and will complete this and other
porcelain work at later sessions.
With the afternoon session there were
presented as applicants for membership:
P. K. Hilliarri, Sitn Jose; C. L. Bliss,
Santa Cruz; C. J. Pearce, Watsonville.
The trustees reported favorably upon the
following applications received yesterday
and the apphcats were elpcted to member
ship: T. W. Drullard, F. E. Sawyer, L.
L. White, vV. P. English, Emma T. Read,
Clyde S. Payne, George W. Rodolph, F. D.
As"h worth, W. 'H. Halsey and M. O.
Wyatt.
The clinics of the morning session were
discussed by the convention and became
so interesting that the discussion en
croached upon the time allowed for the
reading of papers. Dr. Merrinian brought
his patient into the convention that his
fellow dentists might see the result of his
demonstration of the restoration of a filling
in a central incisor by the use of various
mallets.
Drs. Metcalf, KT.owies, Lewis and Mrs.
Dr. Read discussed the clinics and ex
pressed pleasure at the result.
The balance of the afternoon was occu
pied with the reading of papers and mat
ters of routine business. "A Retrospect of
Half a Century" was read by Dr. J. L.
Asay of San joVe and attracted many fav
orable comments from the delegates.
The older men were reminded of the
primitive ways of the early dentists, and
the younger men appreciated the refer
enceto the improvements and and ad
vancement made by the present-day dent
ists, to whom, the paper stated, was due
to a large extent the present success of
dental science.
Dr. De Crow of San Jose, in discussing
the paper, reviewed some of his own expe
riences, similar to those referred to by Dr.
Asay in bis paper, which led Dr. Lewis to
declare in a jocular way that Dr. De Crow
had reached the age of 109 years and still
retained an unjarred memory of some
wonderfully ancient events in dental
science.
A motion by Dr. C. L. Goddard of San
Francisco that hereafter each alternate
convention of the State Dental Associa
tion be held outside of San Francisco was
referred to the committee on resolutions.
This is the first time the convention has
ever been held outside of San Francisco
and the visit to Santa Cruz seems to have
had the effect of creating a desire with
most of the dentists to combine a summer
outing with their annual business.
CRETAN INDEPENDENCE.
The Reformers Propose to Shake Off the
Turkish tokf.
ATHENS, Gbeece, June 10.— It is
learned here that the Cretan Reform Com
mittee have formulated demands which
include the economic independence of the
island of Crete, the island to receive half
of the customs revenue which are now
paid into the Turkish treasury. The com
mittee also demands the nomination of a
Governor of their own choice, under the
guarantee of the powers that that official
shall hold office for five years.
A Spy Assassinated.
CONSTANTINOPLE.Tukkey, June 10.—
An Armenian spy was assassinated in
the vicinity of the Armenian Patriarchate
in this city on Monday evening by a mem
ber of the Armenian revolutionary com
mittee. The assassin ran away and was
pursued by the police patrol, who, after an
exciting chase, shot him dead.
Mnif Gore Loses Her Suit.
LONDON, Eng., June 10.— The suit for
£15,000 damages for breach of promise of
marriage instituted by May Gore, an
actress, against Viscount Sudley. heir of
the Earl of Arran, was brought to an end
to-day, the jury returning a verdict for the
defendant.
Offer Pay for Their Release.
PRETORIA, SourH Africa, June 10.—
The four leaders of the Johannesburg Re
form Committee, Colonel Francis Rhodes,
George Farrar, Lionel Phillips and John
Hays Hammond, have offered the Govern
ment £40,000, to be used lor charitable pur
poses, in exchange for their release.
The Czar's Philanthropy.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, June 10.—
The Czar, in commemoration of his coro
nation, has subscribed the aggregate sum
of £250.000 sterling to various charitable
institutions.
SANTA BARBARA A SUB PORT.
The House Passes a Resolution Gratify-
ing That City' it Ambition.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 10.— The
Senate bill making Santa Barbara, Cal., a
sub port of entry was passed to-day under
suspension of the rules.
SANTA BARABRA, Cal.. June 10.—
There is great rejoicing here over the news
received to-day through a private tele
gram of congratulation from Congressman
McLachlin that Congre e s had passed the
bill making Santa Barbara a sub port of
entry which only awaits the President's
signature to become a law.
SCIENTISTS COMING WEST.
Professor* to Delve Into the Mysteries of
the North Pacific.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 10.— Dr. Bash
ford Dean, adjunct professor of zoology,
Gary N. Calkins, and Nathan R. Harring
ton instructors in the zoological depart
ment, and Bradbury Griffin, who holds a
fellowship in zoolojry, geology and botany,
all of the College of Physicians and Sur
eeons, left this city on Monday for Puget
Sound, where they will make zoological
and botanical researches during the sum
mer. Their headquarters will be at Port
Townsend.
The party will make several days' expe
ditions to the surrounding places prom
ising the most fruitfal results and are pre
pared to "rousrh it" in the most thorough
backwoods style. The assistance of the
United States" Fish Commission at Puget
Sound has been promised to the scien
tists, and the launch of the Albatross has
been placed at their disposal to help them
in their pursuits.
The expedition hopes to make extensive
additions to the teachers' collections of the
university, to add new types of the herba
rium and zoological museum and to collect
unique material for graduate students and
for training in independent marine re
search. The party will return about Sep
tember 1.
THE FRESNO MYSTERY.
Spies Sent to Russiantown to
Search for the Slayer of
the Shahamarians.
Armenians Accused of Starting Fires
Which Destroyed the Homes of
Two Colonists.
FRESNO, Cal., June ID.— The Sheriff's
force, District Attorney Snow and the
local Constabulary are still seeking the
assassin of the Shahamarian family. They
are all looking for the murderer is Rus
siantown.
Although the prediction that the mur
derer would be arrested to-day was not ful
filled, yet some important evidence was
discovered.
The silence of the Russians in regard to
the murder must be broken, and this is
very difficult to do. Spies will be sent
among them to learn what they know.
A Call correspondent, working in con
junction with Deputy Constable Crutcher,
a.-certained to-day the names of some of
the Russians who had made threats
against Benjamin Shahamarian, declaring
that he, who had visited women and little
girls, ought to be shot or hanged.
This is important, as heretofore it has
been impossible to learn who made such
statements. It supplies a clew to work
upon.
As the Armenians are now charging the
Russians with the triple murder, the
Russians are charging the Armenians witli
drowning a little Russian boy in the river
several months ago.
The boy's body was fauna upon the
bank of the stream.
Last night two homes in Russiantown
were burned. The Russians now allege
that the fires were the work of Armenians.
Killed by a T)ischarrjed Employe.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., June 10.—Ad
vices reached here to-day of the killing of
Ed Emirions, superintendent of the Roby
ranch, in Presidio County, by a Mexican
named Rodrigues, who was employed on
the ranch. Rodrigues refused to go after
a band of sheep and when discharged by
Emmons he drew a pistol and killed him.
The murderer escaped into Mexico.
♦ ■
The Mnssachusett* in Commission*
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 10.— The
battle-ship Massachusetts was put into
commission to-day. She will be com
manded by Captain Rogers and will be as
signed to the Atlantic squadron. She wiil
be manned by 370 seamen and sixty ma
rines.
NEW TO-DAY.
/ \\ / \\ \ / \ \ AIM »»•
1 ll \\ / \\ \ / > \ \jH
A TAKE-OFF
In price of Ten Per Cent. Every dollar of the
price of ready-made Clothing has ten cents
taken off it. It's our Alteration Sale, and
we've put our entire stock of Ready-to-wear
Suits at your disposal for 90 cents on the dollar.
Wholesale prices, less ten per cent ! No
reserve ! Think what that means !
Tailoring department not included in this
reduction.
Our urgent request to return anything not
satisfactory is a positive guarantee.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
MARKET s_L| STREET.
Only Branch in S. F., 211 Montgomery St. Avoid firms Imitating our name.
STOCKTON WOMAN
DRIVEN INSANE
Diabolical Contrivance to
Shatter Mrs. Copsey's
Reason.
SERVANTS IN A PLOT.
Fomented Hallucinations That
Would Place Her in an
Asylum.
STRANGE TALES OF WITNESSES
Supposititious Telephone Messages
Telling of Her Husband's
Inconstancy.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 10.-An inter
esting case is on trial before Judge Smith of
Department 2of the Superior Court. Some
time ago Mrs. Copsey, wife of one of the
wealthy men of this county, was adjudged
insane and her estate was placed in charge
of a man named Davis as her gruardian.
She had peculiar hallucinations, at that
time,, and believed she heard messages
through the walls of her home wiich told
her of the improper conduct of her aged
husband with other women. She had, be
fore that, suffered a stroke of paralysis
which affected her brain, and she waa
taken before the courts here and. adjudged
incompetent to manage her own affairs.
Since then she has recovered somewhat
from her stroke of paralysis and she now
believes she is perfectly able to manage
her own affairs. Her guardian is vigor
ously contesting her action to oust him
from his position.
It was shown to-day that every effort
was made by Mrs. Copsey's nurses and
others to foment Mrs. Copsey's hallucina
tions when her mind showed signs of
weakening. A fake telephone waa placed
in her room, and the nurse would pretend
to telephone to a leading grocer in the
city, where Copsey was in the habit of
trading. She would pretend to receive re
plies to the effect that the invalid's hus
band was drunk and that he was consort
ing with Chinese and with negresses. Mrs.
Copsey's counsel to-day endeavored to
show that all these and other acts were in
tended to assist in unbalancing her mind.
It was shown this afternoon that Mrs.
| Copsey had made a will in which she left
| the bulk of her fortune to her guardian,
| who is fighting the present contest on her
! part to be declared competent, and that
she left very little to her husband. It was
1 also brought out by the testimony that
some of the ranchhands on the Copsey
place were made to masquerade as women
\ for the purpose of mystifying the woman
j whose mind was supposed to be failing.
One of these ranchhands, who is known
as Dutch Harry, gave \testimony to this
effect to-day.
Robert North rup, one of the witnesses
for Mrs. Copsey, gave some damaging tes
timony against the nurse who made use of
the supposititious telephone. He after
ward admitted on cross-examination that
he had served a term in San Quentin for
stage-robbery, having pleaded .guilty to
the charge. The case will be continued
I to-morrow.
Coming to San Sraneiseo.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 10.— Mr. and
Mrs. Wm. Crocker's private car, the Sacra
mento, is being stocked with all that is to
be had in the market for a trans-continen
tal trip from New York to San Francisco.
Prince and Princess Poniatowski have re
turned from a trip to Europe, and the.
preparations are made for them. The
party leaves some time to-day, arriving in,
San Francisco Sunday night.
34
TWO DELEGATIONS
FROM NEVADA
v Straight Out " Democrats
Send a Contingent
to Chicago.
FAVOR FREE COINAGE.
Cleveland Indorsed Except as
to His Attitude Toward
Silver.
NO COMPROMISE OF FACTIONS.
The American Protective Association
Denounced in . the Party.
Platform.
RENO, Nev., June 10.— The mass con
vention of the "straight-out" wing of the
Democratic party in Nevada was called to
order by Joseph R. Ryan, chairman of the
State Central Committee. The attend
ance was quite large. Dr. A. Gibson of
Reno was chosen temporary chairman.
Committees on permanent organization,
platform and resolutions were selected,
and a recess taken.
Dr. Gibson sent a communication to the
committee of permanent organization
declining the permanent chairmanship
and S. S. Sears was given that position.
When the convention reassembled re
ports of committees were received and
adopted. The platform indorsed Cleve
land's administration with exception
of his financial policy; commends
his course on the tariff and the
Monroe doctrine; declares for the
free and unlimited coinage of silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1, without waiting for
the co-operation or permission of any
foreign power or potentate; advocates
home rule for Nevada; denounces the
American Protective Association; favors
the calling of a constitutional convention ;
favors the election of United Stateß Sena
tors by direct vote of the people; and in
structs delegates to use all honorable
means to secure a platform favorable to
silver at the established ratio and the
nomination of candidates favorable to free
coinage.
The following delegates to Chicago were
elected: Theodore Winters of Waehoe,
Major J. H. Dennis of Reno, l). L. Wer
theimer of Pioche, Dr. A. Gibson of Reno,
P. C. Webber of Ely, Allen Fisher of
Wells. Alternates— F. Lemmon, S. M.
Henley, A. E. Boucher. J. H. Crum. C. H.
E. Hard in, Harry McDuffie. Presidential
electors— J. R. Ryan, R. M. Clarke and
George Russell. Alternates— J. F. Angell,
W. G. Thompson and Matt Rheim.
Nothing was said in the convention
about any compromise with the Keating
faction. There was a slight sprinkling of
the opposition element, but when it en
deavored to rnaka its presence felt it was
summarily sat down upon by the "straight
outs." With the exception of a slight
squabble over the permanent chairman
ship the gathering was harmonious. The
nomination of a State ticket was passed
and the matter left in the hands of the
State Central Committee.
General R. W. Clake, who was defeated
for delegate to the National Convention
and afterward elected as a Presidential
elector, sent a communication to the State
Central Committee to-night declining to
allow his name to be used on the ticket.
There are two sets of delegates to the
National Convention from Nevada and
there promises to be a hot fight as to which
will be seated.
DEMOCRATS OF TERAMS
Resolutions Indorsing Governor Sudd's
Administration Are Opposed.
RED BLUFF, Cal., June 10.— The
Democratic County Convention to-day
elected as delegates to the State and Con
gressional District conventions John J.
Wells, W. L. Bransford, H. P. Andrews,
M. G. Gill, W. H. Marshall.
The platform declares emphatically for
free silver, regardless of the action of other
nations, and instructs the delegates to
vote only for free silver delegates to the
National Convention. It indorses the ad
ministration of President Cleveland, ex
cept as to his financial policy, with which
it heartily disagrees; condemns any re
ligious test as a qualification for office; de
nounces the funding bill and commends
the efforts of Senator White and Repre
sentative Maguire to prevent its passage;
approves the course of Railroad Commis
sioners La Rue and Stanton ; favors strict
immigration laws; denounces the incon
sistency of the Republicans in resolving
against the funding bill and nominating
Colonel Fred Crocker for Presidential elec
tor, and the election of Grove L. Johnson
as delecate to the National Convention;
presents the name of A. M. McCov for del
egate to the National Convention and in
structs the delegates against giving proxies
to persons outside of the delegation*.
No mention is made of Governor Budd's
administration. Resolutions indorsing it
were suggested, but met with so much op
position that they were not offered in the
convention. One delegate ventured to say
a word agunst the free silver resolution,
but was deliberately and emphatically
squelched.
ALASKA GOLD STRIKE.
Immense I.edge of Quartz in, the Nesque
shinsky District.
SEATTLE, Cal., June 10.— The steam
ship Al-Ki, which arrived in port at 3
o'clock this morning from Juneau, brought
information of the discovery in thcNesque
shinsky Bay district by Captain Cowden
and MrH. \V. F. Turner of bitka of a solid
ledge of quartz 6'oo feet wide and over 3000
feet long. No assay has been made, or if
there has, it nas been kept a secret. T.
Haley, an extensive mine-owner of Alaska,
in discussing the discovery, said that in
comparison with this vein, when it was
fully traced, the great Treadwell ledge
would have the appearance of being but a
mere stringer; that the indications were
that it would supply a 500-stamp mill for
fifty years.
SONOMA'S PREPARATIONS.
Success of the Hear Flag Celebration Is
A a *ured.
SONOMA, Cal., June 10.— Preparations
are fast being pushed forward to properly
celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the
raising of the Bear .Flag on the 13ih inst.
The citizens are preatly interested in mak
ing the affair a success. The business
blocks and many of the private residences
will be handsomely decorated. A large
number of visitors from the adjacent
counties is expected. A splendid literary
programme has been arranged. The exef-
BifM will begin promptly at 11 a. m. After
listening to several patriotic addresses
every one will be ready to feast at the
barbecue, which begins at 1 p. m.
YREKA MURDER CASES.
Members of a Posse Arraigned for the
Killing of an Escaped
Criminal.
YREKA, Cai,., June 10.— John Hughes
and Joel M. Davis, separately charged
with murder for the killing of Frank W.
House at Etna, Siskiyou County, on May
28, 1896, had their preliminary examina
tions before E. W. Howell, Justice of the
Peace of Yreka Township, to-day. Hughes
was held to answer to the charge and
Davis was released.
Hughes and Davis were members of a
Sheriff's posse, organized by L. A. Mox
ley, Deputy Sheriff at Etna, for the pur
pose 01 capturing House, who escaped
from Moxiey while being held on a war
rant based on a complaint charging House
with a criminal attack upon his step
daughter. After his escape House got into
a thicket of brush near Etna. Hughes
came upon House and he jumped and ran.
Hughes called to him to stop, but House
continued running. Hujthes claimed he
fired to one side of him to intimidate him.
About five shots were fired at House.
Hughes, Davis and Johnny Baker admit
firing one shot each, but with no intention
of hitting House. House received two
bullets in the back, both of which passed
through his body. He died the same
evening. House, before his death, ad
mitted that the charge against him was
true.
QUIET ON THE COLUMBIA.
Militia Held Back Pending a Change in
the Situation.
PORTLAND, Ob., June 10.— No further
reports of riots among the Columbia River
fishermen were received up to this after
noon. Upon the assurances that until
"conditions warrant it" the militia will
not act, it is presumed that there is no
immediate prospect of the Oregon National
Guard being ordered to embarK. Gover
nor Lord this evening said to a Call cor
respondent that he would send no troops
to the scene of the fishermen's trouble
until the civil authorities assured him that
they were unable to cope with the situa
tion. He would not under other condi
tions enforce martial law.
VISALIA PLOTTERS' PLANS
Lovren and His Train-Robbers
Intended to Make Use of
Dynamite.
The Saioonist Was to Have Received
$5000 as His Share of the
Loot.
VISALIA, Cal., June 10.— It is not likely
that the trial of Silas Lovren for complicity
in the attempted train hold-up at Tagus
in March will be concluded this week.
General Kittrell for the defense believes
the testimony will not be all in at the end
of another week. The principal witnesses
to-day were E. J. Purcell of Los Angeles
and Obie Britt, the man who revealed the
plot to rob the train. Purcell was in the
Lovren saloon on March 7 and overheard j
a conversation between Ardell, Lovren's I
partner, and a man whom he did not i
know. The men were in the back yard of
the saloon, and he heard Ardell say:
"He'll know his voice."
"Suppose he doesn't open the door when
he's called," remarked the other man.
"Dynamite the thing. Blow her up.
Don't waste any time on it," was Ardell's
answer.
The other person was standing behind
Ardeil so the witness could not see him.
0. J. Meade, a special officer, said he
was informed of the intended hold-up on
the ISth of March, ana had received orders
to proceed on the northbound train, the
one that was to have been held up. He
arrested John Haynes the following morn
ing.
Obie Britt again told of the plans of the
plotters, which he had revealed to the offi- !
cers. Said he:
"One plan was for either McCall, Haynes
or myself to go to Tulare and get on the !
tender and rob the train between that
point and Tagus. Another plan was to I
take up a rail, and another was to burn a
bridge. McCall and myself drove over to |
Goshen on the afternoon of the Sunday |
before the robbery. "We turned south
alone the Southern Pacific and went to the
spot McCall had picked out as the dace to
rob the train. I dropped a marked paper
at the place so that the Sheriff's office |
would know the point where the hold-up !
would occur. We went out in the after
noon because McCail had to meet Ardell
at 12 o'clock. McCall told me that he had
been there that morning for the purpose
of becoming familiar with the country.
McCall said that Frank Davenport, Charles
Ardell and Silas Lovren would help us out
of the country if the officers suspected us.
He believed we would get about $30,000.
Lovren's and Ardell's share would be $10,
-000. McCall's intentions were to take
Haynes' portion and then kill Haynes."
FRESNO WEDDING BELLS
W. D. Foote and Miss Catherine
Hughes Are Joined in
Marriage.
The Groom a Son of the United States
District Attorney at San
Francisco.
FRESNO, Cal., June 10.— One of Fresno's
most brilliant social events was the mar*
ria eof W. D. Foote to Miss Catherine
Hughes at 8:30 o'clock this evening. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. W. H.
Martin of the Christian Church in the
presence of a large number of invited
friends in the large auditorium of the Ad
ventist Church.
The contracting parties are among the
most prominent in society circles. The
bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas E. Hughes, who have resided in
Fresno almost since its foundation. She
has long occupied a high position in the
best society circles.
The groom is a eon of Hon. Henry 8.
Foote, United Btates District Attorney at
San Francisco. Although a resident of
Fresno but for a few months, Mr. Foote is
widely known as a skillful lawyer.
He has associated himself with Judge
W, D. Crichton in the practice of his pro
fession and has gained an enviable repu
tation.
At the wedding the bride was artended
by the Misses Hnffman. Zeile and Moffitt
of San Francisco and Miss Ethel Nourse
of Fresno, while G. R. Luken acted as best
man.
The interior of the ch'irch was beauti
fully decorated. At the conclusion of the
ceremony the wedding party and guests
repaired to the Hughes Hotel, where an
elaborate reception was held.
Hon. Henry S. Foote and H. S. Foote
Jr. were in attendance at the wedding.
Mr. and Mrs. Foote will spend their hon
eymoon in Southern California, leaving
for Los Angeles to-night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
FLOWERS FOR
A NAPA GRAVE.
Native Daughters* Tribute
to Evelyn Packard's
Memory.
MOURN FOR THE DEAD.
The Tomb of the Departed Grand
Marshal to Be Covered With
Blossoms.
A VISIT TO THE ASYLUM.
Delegates Cleverly Entertained at the
Institution— Sonora Gets the
Next Parlor.
NAPA, Cal., June 10.— The Grand
Parlor of Native Daughters reassembled in
Odd Fellows' Hall this morning. Grand
President Bertola was in the chair. After
the preliminary work was disposed
of, it was deckled, on the recom
mendation of the grand president,
that the past prand president, assisted by
members of the Grand Parlor, prepare a
programme for each Thursday afternoon
of the annual session, which shall pertain
to subjects of interest to subordinate par
lors, such as entertainment, how to re
plenish a treasury and how to increase the
membership.
Past Grand President Clara K. Witten
meyer was empowered to procure suitable
floral decorations for the grave of the de
ceased grand marshal, Evelyn Packard of
Eshcol Parlor, Napa, who was elected
grand marshal in 1889, but who, owing to
illness, could not fulfill the duties of her
office at the session in Santa Rosa the fol
lowing year.
The memory of the sunny disposition of
Mns Packard is green in the minds of the
members of the Grand Parlor, and it was
decided that at the close of the session the
Grand Parlor adjourn out of respect to her
memory.
An invitation to attend the celebration
of the fiftieth anniversary of the formal
raising of the American flag at Monterey
on July 7 was received. On the invitation
card were the following words:
Come in your golden tresses,
Come with filial caresses,
Come in your tioest dresses,
Come while time pressei
And gladden your fathers' hearts.
The grand secretary was instructed to
send a letter acknowledging the receipt of
the invitation, and statin? that as many
as possible of the Native Daughters would
attend the celebration.
Sonora was selected as the place for
holding the next Grand Parlor. The fol
lowing standing committees have been
appointed by the grand presadent and are
at work:
Finance committee— Mrs. Evelyn Anderson,
Miss Rose Day, Mrs. J. A. Steinbach.
Appeals and grievances— Miss C. K. Witten
meyer, Miss R. Manzer , Miss Winn, Miss Maud
Anderson.
Laws and supervision— Miss Carrie Roesch,
Miss Minnie Coulter, Mrs. Allison F. Watt,
Mrs. C. Cook, Miss Jennie Barrett.
Transportation— Mrs. Helene Juarez. Miss L.
Carto, Mrs. Belle Conrad.
Tetitions— Miss Lizzie Douglass, Miss Snyder,
Miss McNeill.
Returns— Mrs. Connor, Miss Farnsworth,
Miss Kelly.
State of the order— Miss E. A. Spencer, Miss
Polly Coulter, Miss AhDie McLaughlin, Mrs.
Mury Tillman, Mrs. Kane.
Legislation— Miss Minnie Coulter, Miss Eve
lyn Anderson, Mrs. Laird, Miss E. A. Spencer,
Mrs. L. H. Mills.
Ritual— Mrs. Tina L. Kane, Miss M. B. John
son, Miss Carrie Roesch. Mi*s Woods.
Printing and Supplies— Miss Annie Donald
son, Mrs. J. E. Brown, Miss Irene Hall.
The delegates drove to the State asylum
in carriages this evening to partake of the
hosnitality extended by the officers and
employes of that institution. Tue asylum
chapel was artistically decorated in their
honor.
The gallery and walls and proscenium
were clothed in red and yellow banners
and streamers. These colors also pre
vailed in the stage decorations. The Na
tive Daughters' monogram. "D. P. F. A.",
in red geraniums and yellow marguerites,
hung about the stage. Flags, Chinese
lantersandcut flowers, tastefully arranged,
completed the decorations.
The entertainment opened with a selec
tion from "Bells of Corneville," by the
asylum orchestra. A trio composed of
Mesiames Wylie and E. W. Churchill and
Miss Trowbridge sang Pndbertsky's "Star
of Evening" and Marchetti's "Aye
Maria." Miss Ruddy Gardner recited very
prettily "The Dear Doll." Miss Wylie
satiß "The Exile's Return."
A farce, entitled "The Quiet Family,"
was presented by Wilson Lawton, William
H. Martin, Fred Jordan, James Raney,
Mrs. W. H Martin, Miss Ellen Cailahan,
Mrs. Virgie Freeman and Mis.j Annie
Madison.
The floor was then cleared of benches
and the guests danced until midnight.
The affair was under the direction of Dr.
Driesbach Smith.
WARRING WOMAN AT PORTLAND.
Attack Upon Catholicism Creates Dis
cord in ill* Congress. .
PORTLAND, Or., June 10. — Quite a
breeze was raised in the Oiegon Women's
Congress to-day. Mrs. General Thorpe ad
dressed the convention on "Woman in A.
P. A. Work." Her talk was received in
much the same way as would the hurling
of a bombshell into the hall. The speak
er's sentiments did not accord with the
feelings of some of her hearers, and while
portions of her remarks were approved, a
wholesale denunciation of Catholicism and
Catholics stirred up a row among the lair
listeners. In a portion of her paper Mrs.
ThorDe stated that Archbishop Ireland had
declared war against the public schools.
This statement was resented, and for a
time the president had difficulty in
smoothing matters over.
Rev. Mr. Elliott replied to some of the
statements in his remarks on "Women
Philanthropies."
The attendance at the congress has
steadily increased. .Susan B. Anthony
predicts that one result of this convention
will be the admission of Oregon women to
suffrage by the next election.
EUREKA MUST PAY.
Lawyers' Fees Resulting From the Anti-
Chinese Riots.
EUREKA, Cal., June 10.— In the suit of
S. M. Buck vs. the city of Eureka a jury
to-day allowed the plaintiff $4700 aa attor
ney fees for defendine the city in the Chi
nese litigation. The Chinese cases were
brought against the city to recover dam
ages for property destroyed in the riots in
1885, when the Mongolians were driven
out of the city and eventually from the
county. In the first suit Buck was given
$4250. The Supreme Court reversed the
decision, on the grounds that Buck was
City Attorney at the time. Suit was then
brought for services rendered after the ex
piration of his term.
George A. Knight has a similar suit on
the calendar which he will now push. He
was hired by Buck while City Attorney as
associate counsel.
THE CAP AY VALLEY CRIME
Toung McMillan the Cold- Blooded Mur
derer of A". S. Maxwell.
WOODLAND. Cal., June 10.— District
Attorney Hopkins returned from Capay
this evening, after investigating the mur
der of aged R. L. Maxwell. To-morrow
he will send warrants to the valley for the
arrest of a lad named McMillan, who
claimed to have shot Maxwell accident
ally.
From the facts learned, the District At
torney is of the opinion that young Mc-
Millan went to the old wood-chopper's
cabin to steal a rifle. Maxwell unex
pectedly came to the cabin and discovered
the boy, who then opened fire, blowing
out the old; man's brains. Young Mc-
Millan bears a bad reputation in the com
munity in which he resides, having been
detected in many mischievous acts.
Owing to his extreme youth District At
torney Hopkins will probably send him
to a reform school, instead of a peniten
tiary.
THE MONTEREY AT TACOMA.
Undergoing Extennive Repairs to Boilers
and Condensers.
TACOMA, Wash., June 10.— The moni
ter Monterey will remain in port about
two months, undergoing extensive repairs
to boilers and condensers. The four
boilers will be entirely refitted. They are
of the Ward coil pattern, and require 521
tubes each. It will take nearly three
weeks to place them. Three have been
completed and the t fourth will be com
menced at once.
Lieutenant Lieper has been transferred
to shore duty and left to.day for Philadel
phia to BDend a tnree months ' leave of ab
sence and take an examination for pro
motion.
Santa Rosa Accident.
SANTA ROSA, Cal.. June 10.— A horri
rible accident that occured here this even
ing will probably cost James Kelly his life.
Kelly was driving a mowing machine, to
which was attached a pair of spirited
horses. The team got beyond his control
and dashed madly across a large field.
The unfortunate driver, in attempting to
regain control of the horses, was thrown
from his insecure seat •in front of the
rapidly moving blades of the mowing ma
chine. Both of bis wrists were broken and
he was injured internally by the heels of
the hcrses. His scalp was laid open by the
sharp blades of the machine.
SAN JOSE'S GAY WIDOW
Mrs. Parker's Record as " Mrs.
Brown " While in the
East.
Claimed to Be a Woman of Wealth
and Captured a Rich Young
Husband.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 10.— There was
an increased attendance at the trial of the
Parker will case to-day, and the beginning
of the taking of testimony for the re
spondents increased the interest.
During the argument for a non-suit the
contestant had a foretaste of the exposure
of her reputed career that was in store,
and in the afternoon she did not remain
in the courtroom long after the reading of
the deposit-ion of Jane Pomeroy was begun.
Juuge Reynolds rendered his decision
upon the motion for a non-suit. He said
there was sotae testimony that seemed to
have a tendency to prove some of the
allegations in the petition, and for this
reason the court had no rieht to take the
case from the jury.
The testimony for the respondents was
opened with the reading of the deposition
of Mary Jane Pomeroy of Hartford, Conn.,
known in the evidence as Jane Pomeroy.
During this reading Attorney Coonan,
for the contestant, said he understood
that Jane Pomeroy was in the State, and
it was urged that she should be present
herself and give her testimony.
"Mrs. Pomeroy is now in San Fran
cisco," responded Burchard. "but she is
there at the siue of her dead husband, who
passed away vesterclay."
The deposition was then allowed with
out further question. It faid :
"In 1870 Edward's father set him up in
business in the hat and furnishing line in
Hartford.
"He did not pay his board or lodcing
at our house. We intended to give him a
portion of our property. I first knew of
Edward's intention to marry Emma
Huugh two weeks before the marriage.
Edward came to us and said he wanted
to get married to a rich widow frcm Cali
fornia.
"We told him he had better be careful
and investigate as to her, but he said he
had to marry her right away, as she
wanted to return to California. He seemed
to think from something she said that if
he did not marry her immediately she
would return to California and he would
lose her.
"The woman did not, he said, tell him
how much she was worth, but that she
had real estate and stocks and bonds. He
said she was the widow of George L.
Brown. He died at the Orcideutal Hotel
and was buried at Lone Mountain, beside
the Broderick monument.
"After their marriage we received them
as members of our family in our house
hold. We had heard thro.igh some one
that Edward's wife was not wnat s c pre
tended to be, that she had lived m one
place and another, and I aske.i her one
day for on explanation.
"This was shortly after she came to us.
She said her first husband, Brown, had.
been very kind to her. He hud taken her
on drives, and every morning he threw all
the money she wanted into her lap. She
said he died suddenly one day at the hotel,
hue told about a diamond breastpin that
showed in a picture of her first husband
that sue exhibited.
"Edward's wile soon began to make de
mands for money for dresses, etc. I then
knew that her claim of being wealthy was
fal*e, and I wrote a letter to Edward's
lather in regent to the mat er.
"In the letter to my brother I advised
him to investigate as to whether or not
Kuch a man as G. L. Brown had died in
San Francisco and as to whether or not
his widow had any property on Powell
street, as she claimed. I also sent to my
brother the picture that Emma Parker
ha l said was a pho ograph of her first
husband, Mr. Brown.
The writer said the picture sent on pur
porting to be that of Brown was found to
be that of a man named Tillinghast, who
was at that time alJve and well. He was a
wealthy Enclishman and was well known
in San Francisco' as a clubman.
The opinion was expressed that Edward
had been caught in a trap, and that his
wife had littered falsehoods in all the
statements she had made. She never
owned any property on Powell street.
The man Mitchell had also been seen, and
he said he did not know of any husband
that she had ever had.
"This letter was read to Edward Parker.
There was then loud talk between Edward
and his wife.
Objections were then made to the read
ing of testimony about the conversation
between Edward Parker and his wife, on
the ground that such communications
were privileged, and pending the argu
ment upon this point the case was con
tinued until to-morrow morning at 10
o clock.
Santa Clara to Celebrate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 10.— Santa Clara
citizens have already commenced active
preparations for a Fourth of July celebra
tion. Judge J. C. Black of San Jose has
been selected orator of the day.
hH A \\ \\ \ \ \ \ \ \ SmBKS^ au^Vp S<s^w N * Si^w Nn^
Wonderworks. It is the greatest wonder worker of the century. No pen can tell the tale of
cures ; no voice can sound the praise it deserves ; no heart can feel the gratitude it excites. Why ?
Hudyan makes man again. This great wonder worker cures - prematurenes of the discharge in
twenty days.
Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility, Blues, Melancholy, Constipation, Falling Sensations, Dizziness,
Lack of Energy, Lack of Power, Lack of Capacity, Nervous Twitchings of the Eyes and other
parts. Indeed the entire system is strengthened and invigorated by wonder-worker Hudyan.
Hudyan cures Nervousness, Debility, and stops Emissions. Hudyan develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in back, pains in loins, heavy, dull, blue feelings are cured by the Hudyan remedy
treatment. If you are suffering from bad dreams ; if you always feel blue, tired and disconsolate ;
if you are looking into the depths of despair ; if your eyes are bleared, your appetite gone and your
ambition lost, Hudyan will cure you. You will be enabled to work as you have worked. If you
need the Great Hudyan don't allow false pride and false modesty to keep you away from it.
Hudyan cures bad blood and dries up ulcers. i
LACK OF NERVE FORCE
Is certainly and speedily remedied by the wonder worker,. the great remedy treatment, Hudyan.
If you want to learn more about Hudyan call or write for Hudyan Circular Free.
\ HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets.
BAD BLOOD MEANS
Pimples, Copper-Colored Spots, Sore Mouth, Sore Throat, Falling Hair. Enlarged Lumps,
Skin Eruptions, Partial Loss of Eyebrows, Sore Eyes. When in this condition you have a
bad blood disorder, and you want to look carefully to yourself. If taken in time the poison
can be arrested in 30 days. Call or write for Circulars on Day Blood Cure.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
CHINESE SACK A MISSION
White Teachers Defend Their
Lives With Phio's at
Kiangyin.
A Mob Incited io Att ick by the
Deception o' a Mongolian
Doct r
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 10.— Oriental
advices received today report that a
Chinese quack doctor, frustraud in a
bunko game by an American missionary
at Kiangyin, attempted revenge by an
nouncing that Amr>rican missionaries had
killed children and buried t em in a back
yard of the mission chapel.
A magistrate who was sent for de
mandi-d of the quack that he unearth the
children. The fakir dug furiously in the
back yard and actua Iv found a dead in
fant— oni he had previously buried there
himself.
A big mob of Chinese had collected and
when they saw the dead baby they be
came frantic wit rage and attempted to
pass the chapel door. They were held at
bay by revolvers in the hands of the
American missionaries. The magistrate
asked for quiet and said to the mission
aries
"How Jong have you had that thing
here? You all see that it is a child. What
have you to say for yourselves?"
The missionarie« answered that they
knew nothing about it. The package con
taining the infant was then sent out
through the crowd, which numbered
several hundred. When they saw and
comprehended what it meant — so coifiim
atory proof of all their reports and be
liefs—a yell of rage went up. Every man
was carrying a club, knife or reaping hook,
and all were yelling: "Kill the bar
barians."
The officials could not control the crowd.
The missionaries determined to escape to
a nearby fort. Driving the crowd back
into the front yard at the point of pistols,
they made a dash through a rear gate.
They then made a long circuit, but were
pursued for more than a mile. Finally
they reached the fort, very much ex
hausted, but not otherwise injured.
Fortunately there were no white women
or children in Kiangyin at the time. The
mission property was looted, everything
liein^ carried off and tne buildings dis
mantled.
Betore the Empress of Japan left, Honan
solilirs had been called out and every
effort was bpjng made to quietthe people.
The missionaries, assistants and servants
had been imprisoned. They have put
their case into the hands of the United
States Consul at Chinkiang.
WOULD LEAVE COOKS INLET.
Miners Disgusted With Conditions in
the Aor'fccrn Country.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 10.— Hon. A.
K. Delaney, United Stat s Ju«ige for the
Di>trict of Alaska who arrived in Seattle
this morning on the steamship Al-Ki, says
all sections of that country are overrun
and overdone with fortune-seekers. This
appears to he especially the case through
the Cooks Inlet locality, from which ad
v rse reports as to the condition of affairs
continue to be received In this city. Police
man Grant is in receipt of a letter from F.
J. McGrade, Six- mile Creek, in which the
writer says in part:
"Snow and ice cover everything, and
very little work can be done this summer.
Many miners are disgusted and would
start home now if walking was good."'
Having announced that eggs were sell
ing for 60 cents per dozen, other food ar
ticles being proportionately high, Mc-
Grade concludes: "The steamer General
Canby, in which we came, is a dangerous
vessel, and several times during the pas
sage up we expected to go to the bottom."
The General Canby is an old hulk that
was repaired and fitted out in this city by
the famous Excelsior party of Boston and
Oakland capitalists. \
WOODLAND JAIL TRAGEDY
Convict Steumrt Attempts to Hang Him
self in Bis Cell.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 10.-Charles
Stewart, alias "Boots," who was convicted
of robbing Postmaster Morrin of Rumsey
several months apo, attempted suicide by
strangulation in his cell at the County
Jail this morning. Stewart is languishing
in jail waiting the result of an appeal of
his case to the Supreme Court, and long
confinement has resulted in despondency.
When Jailer la Brie went to Stewart's
cell to-day with xhe prisoner's dinner, he
heard a fall inside. On opening the cell
door he found Stewart lying on the floor
nnconscious, with blood gushing from
both ears. He was soon resuscitaed, and
is now out of danger. He had torn his
blankets into strips, tied the ends to
gether, and in this way made a noose
with which he attempted to hang him
self, but the strips broke under his weight.
DAIRYMEN AT FERNDALE.
Producers of Butter and Cheese
Preparing for the State
Convention.
Scientific Methods to Be Discussed
by Noted Agricultural
Chemists.
FERNDALE, Cal., June 10.— Extensive
preparations are being made by the re
siding dairymen of this county to enter
tain th*ir brother members of the State
Dairy Association, which convenes here
on June 15 and 16 and at Arcata on June
18 and 19. T.e Pacific Coast Steamship
Company has given reduced rates, and "a
goodly number of members throughout
the State will attend, including such noted
agricultural cherai-ts as Professor Jaffa
and Regent Wood worth of the university.
Science is making rapid progress in its
application to dairying. The object o!
this meeting is to further the butter in
dustry, which now ranks as the second in
dustry on this coast. California produces
over 32,000.000 pounds per year, and, ac
cording to late statistics, there are 340,000
cows in the State.and yet butter is imported
from the East. There is no apparent
reason for this. By the improved methods
local dairymen are able to produce as fine
a quality of butter as that sent from any
part of the United States.
Among the subjects suggested for dis
cussion at the convention will be the im
proving of the quality of cheese; the
establishing of a dairy school for men and
women; the necessity for stringent dairy
laws; encouragement for the establishing
of condense i milk factories; the creation
of a sentiment favorable to home dairy
products; the best methods of cultivating
markets and of marketing, includng the
packing of butter for warm climates; the
importance of pood roads in relation to
dairying ; the method of exhibiting at the
Home Products Exposition, which will be
held at the Mechanics' Pavilion, San Fran
cisco, opening on September 1. under the
auspices of the Mechanics' Institute and
the Manufacturers and Producers' Asso
ciation of California.
Lynn Installed Pastor.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 10.— Tne United
Presbytery of San Francisco held a called
meeting in this city last evening. Rev. J.
C. Lynn was installed pastor of the local
church, succeeding Rev. W. W. Logan,
who has accepted a charge in Los Angeiea.CROWLEY HIDING
NEAR SAN MIGUEL
Searchers for Dunham Find
The Trail of Another
Outlaw.
PURSUIT OF TWO MEN.
Efforts Are Now Being Made to
Capture the Alameda
Escape.
SEEN AT SEVERAL POINTS.
Officers Fear That They Have Been
Tracking the Wrong Man
From the First
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., June 10.— A
search in this vicinity for Murderer Dun
ham, the destroyer of the McGlincy fam
ily at Campbells, has resolved itself into a
pursuit of the escaped Outlaw Crowley. It
was Crowley, and not Dunham, who
stopped a woman on a road near San
Miguel yesterday and begged for food, and
later dined at the home of a rancher.
When Sheriff Ballou was apprised of the
presence of a stranger in the hills near
San Miguel he gave the matter consider
able thought in a short space of time, and
concluded that the description of the man
met on the road near San Miguel might fit
some one else other than Dunham. He
took a photograph of Dunham and one of
Philip Crowley and started for San Mi
guel. He at once visited the woman who
had been halted by the stranger and
8- owed to her the two photographs. She
recognized Crowley's photograph as that
of the man who had begged for something
to eat from her. She positively identified
the picture of Crowley.
This puts more excitement into the
chase of Dunham, for Crowley, who is
badly wanted, and who is known to be a
very desperate man, is now sharing the at
tention of the pursuers. It is supposed
that Crowley, after having a brush with
Sheriff Borgwardt and posse near the
Aqua Caliente ranch a short time ago,
came northward toward San Miguel, and
is now probably heading for the Los
Burros mines, better known as "Cruik
shank" mines. Officers Kelshaw and
Sanders of Paso Robles started out to
b for Crowley last night.
Meanwhile the search for Dunham is
progressing. Sheriff Matthews and posse
left Sau Miguel two days ago with fresh
horsese and headed for Hog Canyon, a
few miles northeast of San Miguel. They
will work their way thence over to the
(iarisa Plains and across the Tulare
Plains to the San Joaquin Valley. All
mountain passes are guarded and there is
hardly a rancher in the San Miguel,
Chulame or Hog Canyon country who is
not oi) the lookout for Dunham. If Dun
ham is anywfier-3 in that section he will
prehended, as Matthews and his men
are leaving no stone unturned and are fol
lowing what they consider a good trail.
T::e country in places is very rough until
the plains are reached. There the land is
comparatively level.
One contingency which is alarming the
ra is that they may have been pursu
ing Crowley from the start, instead of
Dunham, and that while on the outlaw's
trail the Campbells butcher may have es
caped over the borders of the State.
THE AUSTRALIA TESTED
She and the Bark Santiago Both
Suffered Severely in a
Storm.
A Veteran Servant Dismissed by the
Oregon Railway and Naviga
tion Company.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia, which got in from Honolulu yester
day, had a very rough experience during
the last night of her run. It began to blow
about 11 p. m. iast Tuesday, and by mid
night it was blowing a gale. The waves
broke continuously over the vessel and
one burst in the forward skylight. Water
poured into the staterooms and the din
ing-room and steerage were flooded. Cap
tain Houdlette and Chief Officer Lawless
were drenched again and again by the
spray, and everybody aboard had an un
comfortable night. The storm was all the
more a surprise, as the entire trip up to
that time had been a most delightful one.
The cabin passengers were:
C. A. Brown, John Bergltrom, E. L. Bray ton,
Mr. Bums, A. Cale-Bt-rnrose, \V. R. Castle Jr.,
\V. 11. Cowan, F. M. Crane, a. M. Damon, wife
and children, P. 11. Duryea and valet. Father
Emmeran, Mrs. 11. Foeke, W. M. Giffard, A.
(Jartenberg, Mrs. A. Homer ana two children,
Mrs. J. J. Homer, Mrs. Hayes. Miss M. Huff
man, C. Webb Howard and valet, O. Isenberg,
wife and five children, I. (J. Jones, wife and
daughter, Ma<iison Jones ana valet, Mrs. Kil
bourne, Mrs. A. L. Lowrey, Miss N. M. Lowrey,
O. K. Lewis. Mr. and Mrs. If egg, I). K. Miner,
MiM J. Miner, ii. T. McCuUough, J. \V. Mason,
P. Neumann Jr., Mrs. Ralston, \V. G. .Smith, E.
L. Swan, C. W. Snryock, O. G. Traphagen, Mis
K. Yi'la, Mrs. J. R. Wilson, Miss Winter, Miss
li. Weight, A. Young, Mrs. Young, Misses
Young (2).
The steamer Kahului, which left here
some months apo, has not been in very
good luck in the Southern seas. She went
ipperton Island for guano, but se
cured only 200 tons. On the way back
one of tho saiiors htole a watch and as
saulted the first officer. He was placed
in irons and turned over to the authorities
at Honolulu. The Kahului will load
t for San Francisco.
Thomas Bailey, the oldest foreman
stevedore, on the waterfront, wasdis
missed by the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company. The reason stated was
retrenchment. For nine years Bailey
served on the HoJliday line and for the
la-: twenty years he was practically in the
employ of Goodall, Perkins & Co.
All kinds of rumors about the steamer
Zealandia have been floating around the
front for weeks. The latest was that she
was to |Z'> io Santa Cruz during the July
festivities. When coal was put into her
bunkers yesterday this idea was strength
ened. Everybody is wrong, however, and
the Zealandia is going to Martinez to
lie up.
The coal put in her was what the Pacific
Mail Company owed the ship. There was
so much coal in her bunkers when she was
turned over to them and just Ijo tons less
when they returned her. They repaid the
coal yesterday, and the steamer will be
towed to her anchorage tomorrow.
The steamer Peru sailed for Japan and
China yeterday. She had an unusually
hsavy cargo, but very few passengers. T.
W. Leydecker, the well-known pigeon
fancier, sent one of his birds out with the
steamer. It is to be released at 7 o'clock
this morning, or when the vessel has been
fourteen hours at sea. Leydecker expects
the bird to make the return trip in a few
hours.
The Hawaiian bark Santiago, which
arrived from Hilo yesterday, was also
caught in Tuesday night's gale. When it
was at its height L. Brehm, a native of
Denmark, aged 34, was washed overboard
and drowned. It was impossible to lower
a boat, owing to the heavy cross sea.
The bark Orion, which is laid up at Sau
salito, was on fire yesterday morning.
The watchman discovered a fire in the
storeroom, and before it was put out dam
age of $250 was done. The cause of the fire
is unknown.
PAINT AND OIL ON FIRE.
A Dangeroui) Blaze Last Night in tbe
Bancroft Building.
At 9 o'clock last evening there was an
ugly fire in tbe Bancroft building on Mar
ket street, and an alarm was sounded from
box 48. It started on the fourth floor in
Smith & Young's paint, oil and glass de
partment, it is supposed from spontaneous
combustion. The discovery was made by
the students in R. Vander Naillen's School
of EiiKineering on the fihh floor.
When the occupants noticed the smoke
arising from the lower floor there was a
stampede to escape and the wife of the
professor fainted during the excitement
and had to be carried from the building.
The damage to Smith & Young's stock
was $1000, fully covered by insurance.
Ellinger's fringe factory on the fifth floor
suffered about $250 damage by the smoke.
Three firemen attached to chemical en
gine No. 1 nearly lost their lives. Gabriel
Woods, William Rice and William Mitch
ell were operating the chemical hose on
the fifth floor. The dense smoke almost
suffocated the three before they were
rescued. Woods was restored after being
removed to the Receiving Hospital. The
other two regained consciousness after
being taken out into the fresh air. The
building was not badly damaged.
DANGER IN THE GLOOM
It Lurks in the Impending Dark
ness Due to Lack of
Funds.
Taxpayers Are Indignant at the High
Tax and No Service — Police
Preparing.
Two dollars and twenty-five cents per
centum for taxes in the City of San Fran
cisco and no money in the treasury to pay
for street lights.
It has been in every mouth for the past
few days. No matter where one goes about
town he hears it, and the more this
anomaly in municipal financiering is dis
cussed the greater is the indignation of
thinking taxpayers and citizens generally.
Two dollars and twenty-five cents taxes
and no money for lights.
It is freely admitted by every man in
town who has given the matter any
thought that somebody in control of City
affairs is to blame, or more liKely several
City officials are responsible for,this alarm
ing condition of affairs.
\Vhen taxes were less than half what
they are this year San Francisco was not
driven into vexatious and dangerous dark
ness, as she is now threatened. To recon
cile the present with past conditions in the
municipal manipulation of San Francisco,
in face of this street-light affair, has puz
zled many a citizen. Indeed, it is only
now that householders are waking to the
fact and the real condition confronting
them.
The order has gone forth from the Board
of Supervisors that the City shall be in
darkness for more than two weeks. There
was no more coin in sight for appropria
tions, not even for current and absolutely
essential and necessary expenses of the
City.
And now taxpayers are wondering how
they may pilot themselves over the dan
gerous sidewalks and crossings after sun
down. Visions of the-festive burglar glory
ing in his new sense of security, the
murderous footpad at every other turn
and corner and crime i am pant under cover
of the blackness of these dark nights have
arisen in many homes.
The police say that it is their experience
that highway robbery and crime have al
ways assumed terrifying proportions in
such dark spells as the one at hand in San
Francisco. Acting upon this knowledge
they are already making preparations for
protecting life and property.
They are shadowing characters known
to them, and may find it expedient to take
off some day watches and concentrate
their efforts by doubling patrols all night,
more particularly in the Western Addi
tion.
People are wondering also how the fire
boxes, indicated by red lamps, can be
found in case of fire* after dark. Tiie fire
men, too, regard the impending gloom
with misgivings, for they will have many
rough experiences in their work.
P. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association, said:
I don't see that anything can be done now to
secure light. Indignation meetings and mass
me'-'tings would be of no use. It would be like
locking the stable door after the horse is
stolen. The only way 1 see for guarding
against a repetition is to secure the new
charter. Not that the charter or anything else
would prevent squandering the contents of the
treasury, but if we can get a new charter we
lire? likely to secure a better class of office
holders. Under the present system it is a
scramble for the spoils of office by every new
batch of officials elected. It is a grab for
everything in sight while the opportunity
lasts. No one will acknowledge being re
sponsible as it is now, but under the new
charier we can fix the responsibility where it
belongs.
Tiiis feature will induce the better Class of
i the community to see that none but first-class
i men, who will take a pride in the City's wel
' fare instead of scrambling for spoils, are
i elected to office. This period of darkness that
1 we have been promised will be a splendid ob
ject-lesson to the people of San Fruncisco. It
will cause them to desire reform in the man
agement of public affairs— just such reform as
is promised under the proposed new charter.
For the present there is nothin? to be done in
this matter, except for those who are obliged
to be out late to carry lanterns.
J. Richard Freud, secretary of the Mer
chants' Association, agreed with the presi
dent of the organization and said:
The darkness that will soon fall upon the
City will make many friemis for the mer
chants. I hope that the people will remember,
when they g<> to the polls to vote on that ques
tion, their experience while groping along
dark streets. If the water and other neces
saries were shut off with the lights for tne
same cause four days before the election, I am
pure that not over a dozen people would vote
against the new charter.
Knocked Down by a Car.
Arthur McAllister, a boy 10 years of age, liv
ing at 131 Greenwich "street, was knocked
down by a Powe.l-street car at Bay and Powell
•streets last night. He was picked up and taken
to the Receiving Hospital. It was found that
he had sustained a lacerated wound of the
scalp, ana as there was a hemorrhage of the ear.
it whs feared he had concussion of the brain.
The wound was dressed and he was sent home.
ISuicde at Urorille.
OROVILLE, (Jal., June 10.— George Ve
vira, a barber, 28 years old, committed sui
cide at noon to-day by shootine himself.
Vevira had just finished shaving Dr. Lu
cas, to whom he confided his intent to
commit suicide, but before tbe doctor
could summon help he placed a pistol in
his mouth and fired, the bullet passing
throut'h his brain and coming out above
his right temple.
Secular Father*' Jteirent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 10.— The secular
fathers of this diocese, which includes all
the charges under Archbishop Riordan,
will hold their annual retreat at Santa
Ciara College. No time has yet been set,
but it will be during the last week of July.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
DAGGETT IS THE
CONVENTION ISSUE
So the Chief Democratic
Battle Is Over Frank
Gould.
MINT FORCES ARE BUSY.
Gould's Brother-in-Law Has Just
Been Given a Fat Mint
Job for Life.
FOOTE'S BOOM IS RISING.
The End of the Week Will See
White, Foote or Another Party
Hero in the Race.
So remarkable is the change that in two
weeks has come over the prospect of the
Democratic State Convention which is
billed at Sacramento for next Tuesday
that John Daggett has become the chief
convention issue instead of the National
financial policy of the party and the wis
dom with which the affairs of this great
Republic have been administered for four
years.
Will John Daggett get there ? Answer
this and you may tell in advance the story
of the convention.
"Will Gould be chairman?" is the same
question. Answer it and tell thereby the
probable future of the San Francisco
Democracy, name the bosses who will run
Democratic State politics for two years,
reveal the money plank in the platform
that is to be reported to the convention
and call a long roll of politicians, telling
which ones will rise and which descend.
The other prominent issue before tbe
convention is the local contest between
the Junta and the Buckleyites, and this is
bound up with and dependent on the joint
issue of Daggett's boss-ship and Gould's
chairmanship.
So it is about the chairmanship that the
hustling, the bitter words and the inter
ested speculation mainly collects. It is
to and away from Gould that delegates
from the Brown Bear mine to the Salton
Sea are being pulled and hauled. The
struggles of the Buckleyites and their
friends have become more direct efforts to
beat Gould than to pledge delegates to
their own cause.
Those whose hands are against John
Daggett are turning their guns on Frank
Gould.
The indications that Gould will be de
feated appeared stronger yesterday.
Gould's prospects look strong, because he
is tbe only candidate in the field so far,
his opponents say, and they say that his
boom won't seem to stick up so high if
Foote or White are put up against him.
It is the almost universal judgment in
the party that either White or Foote will
be given the chairmanship with a whoop
if they will, even at the last moment .con
sent to let their names go before the con
vention.
W. W. Foote's boom, being worked by
his friends without his consent, grew in
volume yesterday, but without revealing
anything furt er'that was definite regard
ing the probability of his consenting to
openly go into the held.
Hisfriends declare that he will be forced
to take it, and there is no doubt of the re
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club. Ninety-sixth day. Wednesday, June 10, t896. Weather fine.
■Track good.
suit in many minds if he goes into the
race. Tremendous pressure is being
brought to bear on him. He still declares
that he is not a candidate, but it is under
stood among his friends that he will likely
succumb to the pressure if he fully make?
up his mind that Gould's chairmanship
means the ascendancy of Dagtett. This
appears to them so plain a proposition
that his answer is given in advance.
The anti-Daggett forces want to unite on
either Foote or White. A majority will
go to either, according to which becomes
easiest to get to the front in the interest of
party harmony. Senator White is ex
pected to arrive in Lob Angeles to-morrow
night. Upon his arrival the possibilities
of his candidacy will be better known. A
press dispatch from Los Angeles, to be
Found in another column, indicates that
there are no definite ideas among the Los
Angeles Democrats as to the possibilities
of his candidacy. The Los Angeles dele
gation of thirty-nine would be solid for
either White or Foote for chairman, be
yond any doubt.
That the strongest possible candidate
will be run against Gould now appears to
be an absolute certainty. The candidate
may not appear until Saturday or Mon
day, but those opposed to Gould say that
any sterling and popular Democrat having
the confidence of the party and in line with
the popular sentiments of the party would
beat Gould in a walk.
McNab and Daggett's workers are de
claring that Gould's election has been
made absolutely sure. But they are
reckoning on getting in the 161 Junta
votes for the temporary organization.
This part of the McNab-Daggett-Gould
programme may possibly be carried out,
but it is extremely improbable. From
outside of the City 141 votes were claimed
to be pledged to Gould. Six more would
give Gould a majority of one with the
solid Junta delegation, and these they ex
pect to easily secure.
But the votes promised to Gould are
those of politicians, largely, and tied to
him by cold patronage forces, weak or
strong. Heartiness, admiration, esteem,
personal friendship and loyalty do not
give soul to the Gould campaign, and his
support lacks the swing and enthusiasm
that would put fire and momentum into a
boom for such men as Foote and White.
This is part of the philosophy of those
who predict Gould's defeat.
Daggett and McNab are working with
exciting but quiet industry. Daggett's
Mint lieutenants were hustling yesterday
early and late, scouring the City for Junta
delegates, searching for every possible
proxy that might be laid hold of, and
otherwise obeying orders.
Ed Lanigan has become the active out
side boss ot the practical work among the
"push." Rainey must needs keep in the
background, and since Lanigan formed
his partnership with Rainey the Mint em
ployes have been told to take orders from
Lanigan, whose doings are in turn super
intended by Dageett and Ilaiuey.
Daggett and McNab are trying to save
Gould from the curse of being Daggett's
candidate and to shield him from exposi
tions of the political intimacy between
them. Yesterday another of the many
evidences of this political combination
was rushed out by Gould's opponents.
It transpired that less than three weeks
ago Daggett gave Gould one of the fattest
patronage plums in the Mint. For a long
time Harry T. Hastings, brother-in-law of
Gould, has* been a watchman at the Mint
at $2 50 a day, being one of the appoint
ments given to Gould some time ago.
On May 25 Hastings was promoted to
the position of registrar of deposits in
the Superintendent:* department at $2000
a year. Hastings will have the job for
life, as the position goes into the classified
service under Cleveland's recent civiPser
vice order. Thomas E. Collins, who was
removed, was a friend of Chief Clerk
Barnett, who was recently discharged, and
he was given Hastings' old job at $2 50 a
day.
With some of the largest delegations in
the State, including Los Angeles, a ma
jority of Alameda, Santa Clara, Solano,
Monterey and others solidly against
Gould, with the Knowledge or beliet that
Gould is expected to do his share for the
Daggett combination by recognizing the
Junta and appointing committees on or
der of business, platform and credentials
and a State executive committee, in Dag
gett's interest, and with the flood of oppo
sition to this capture of the State ma
c:iine, the anti-Gould forces are betting
good money that a high-grade chairman
will rule that convention.
BURGLARS LOOT
A MISSION HOME
In Broad Daylight Two
Thieves Do Effective
Work.
COSTLY JEWELS TAKEN.
Mrs. Herman Nolt's House on
Twenty-First Street Is
Ransacked.
ROBBERS ARE WEIL REPAID.
They Enter Genteelly While Neighbors
Look On, and Take Everything
Portable.
The fin de siecle burglar who enters
residences in thickly settled neighbor
hoods in broad daylight, thoroughly and
systematically loots the houses and suc
cessfully makes off with his well-selected
booty, has again given evidence of his
prowess. The dwelling of Mr. and Mrs.
Herman Nolt, at 3520 Twenty-first street,
is the scene of his latest operations, and in
many respects this depredation is one of
tne most atrocious yet reported.
Mrs. Nolt, who is an artist, started out
ye.-terday afternoon, as is her custom each
Wednesday, on a professional visit. As
she passed the corner of Dolores and
Twenty-first streets she noticed a man
watching intently in the direction of her
residence, but she paid little attention to
his appearance. A few moments later two
men approached the residence and in
quired of two little boys who were playing
near if that was where Mrs. Nolt lived.
One of the lads pointed to the house
and gave the information that she was
not at home. He then ran into his
mother's bouse and informed Miss Gould,
who has a room at Mrs. Nolt's house, but
was calling on her neighbor, of the men's
inquiry. Miss Gould looted out of tbe
window and observed two men gazing at
the house. They were respectably dressed
and she paid little attention 10 them, so
little that she declares herself utterly un
able to describe them, save in most gen
eral terms. That is the only clew to the
marauders.
When Mrs. Nolt returned about 5 o'clock
the first thirie that greeted her eyes was
the writing-desk in the front room in a
state of disorder. As she had been using
it just before soing out she saw at once
that it had been tampered with. An ex
amination showed that it hal been com
pletely ransacked and a number of valu
able articles of jewelry taken. Hurrying
to her own room she found things In the
greatest confusion imaginable. Bureau
drawers had been pulledftut and emptied,
the bed had been overtuified and nook and
cranny gave evidence of having been
searched. From here the most valuable
articles were taken, including jewelry and
articles of clothing.
Miss Gould's room was also given most
thorough inspection. A fine watch and
chain and a magnificent Ceylon ring, set
with a cinnamon sapphire, were among
her losses. She also lost a locket which
was treasured as a parting gift from her
mother, long since dead.
In the dining-room the burglars had
evidently brought their operations to a
sudden end. From this room only three
souvenir spoons were taken, though there
was much valuable plate which nothing
but an interruption could account for the
burglars not taking.
The missing articles most prized by Mrs.
Nolt are a beautiful gold bracelet, set with
turquoise, and a diamond pin belonging to
her husband. The former was a family
heirloom besides being of considerable in
trinsic value. The pin she had given to
her husband just before their marriage.
Besides these she lost a plain gold brace
let, seven cold pins, a complete set of silver
jewelry and the three silver souvenir spoons
mentioned. Two new pairs of trousers, a
vest and a revolver belonging to Mr. Nolt
were taken.
Nothing was destroyed about the house
and neither windows nor doors were in
jured, showing that the thieves must
have entered by means of a latchkey.
They were evidently experts and knew
their grounds.
RACING SEASON CLOSED
A Great Crowd Attends the Last
Day's Sport at Ingle
side Track.
THE TALENT WEEE IN FORM.
Thornhill Defeats Rey Del Bandidos
in the Long-Distance Event—Stub
fcornly Contested Finishes.
The racing season was brought to a close
at Ingleside track yesterday. Over 5000
people were in attendance and a perfect
carnival of sport was witnessed. The
grand stand was filled with ladies and the
betting ring with an eager, expectant
throng of speculators. The betting was of
the fiercest order, the books being assailed
with a hurricane of coin. Jobbery was not
tolerated, contrary to the usual custom of
"getaway day. " The judges were on the
keen alert for anything that bordered on the
unsavory and the result was a grand day
of sport. Three favorites, three second
choices and one outsider winning purses
speaks volumes for the quality of the
racing.
And as the long period of racing draws
to an end a word in favor of the new rac
ing organization, the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club, would not, to use racetrack vernacu
lar, "be out of line." The club has lived
up to every promise made horsemen at the
opening of its meeting. It has given rich
purses without the impoverishine entrance
fee. Its aim has been to furnish good,
clean sport without showing partiality to
none. The officials have heard tha woes
of the humblest as well as the richpst of
the horsemen racing on its track, and all
hafe been treated with equal courtesy.
Launched on tho top wave of success all
wish the new association continued
prosperity.
It was first thought that the day's
pleasure was to be marred by a bad acci
dent in tbe hurdle race, but happily the
unfortunate riders escaped with injuries
that will shelve them for only a short
period. The race in particular was at
one and three-eighths miles with five
hurdles to clear. Silverado, with Owens
up, was a 2 to 1 favorite, but ran unplaced.
Huntsman, vicing with Bellringer at 3 to
1 for second choice honors, won cleverly
at the finish from Hanford, a long-priced
outsider. At the first obstacle North and
Bellringer took bad headers, but their
respective riders, Maynard and T.
Murphy, lucsily escaped with nothing
more serious than broken collar-bones.
The two and a quarter mile handicap
ended in a very pretty contest, but the
record remains unbroken. Rev Del
Bandidos at 3 to 5 had the pul.l in the
ring, but his stable companion, Thorn
hill, the second choice, outcained him in
the stretch and in a drive was first by half
a length in 4:00J-i.
In the mile handicap Olive disappointed
her friends sadly. Starting a4to 5 favor
ite she wound up third, weakly ridden by
Piggott. In a hard drive Coady got the 8
to 1 shot Instigator home a nose before
Articus, who was cut off at least three
times and made a great run from last the
fraction. The time, I:42'^, was a good
performance.
The seven furlong handicap resulted in
an equally good contest. Yankee Doodle
was a heavily played even money favorite,
but after at one stage of the game showing
in front, was obliged to be content with
third place. In a hard drive the 8 to 5
second choice, Reinart, splendidly ridden
by the "barrier champion," Shields,
gained the verdict by a head in 1 :28.
The Cambridge stable came in for an
other dose of bidding-up in the first race
on the card, a one mile and a sixteenth
selling affair, with a field or seven starting.
Red Glen was a prohibitive choice at 2 to
5 and won cleverly at the finish from Jack
Richelieu, alsto 1 shot. When put up to
be sold Tom Boyle, owner of Jack Riche
lieu, bid the winner up to $700 over his
entered selling price of $300.
After a change of jockeys Lady Heloise,
backed from 4 to 1 oft the boards, captured
the half-mile dash for two-year-olds, after
leading most of the way, in 50 seconds flat.
The Plunger, backed down from 20 to 4 to
1, was a good second.
The last event at six furlongs was a bit
of a snap for the El Primero stable's Sum
mer time, a4to 5 favorite. Passing Road
warmer and Peixotto entering the stretch
she passed the stand a hanuy winner over
Heartsease.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
Cairns, the steeplechase rider, is eligible
to ride on tracks not racing under the
rules o fthe Western Turf Congress.
The stewards reinstated W. Carroll,
owner of Paros, who was suspended for
an intent at crookedness in connection
with his ride on the mare Miss Gentry
some days ago.
Owner "Mike" Donovan's fast filly De
cision, by imp. Wagner, dam Fleta, died
at the Bay District track yesterday from a
complication of diseases.
The judges removed Hazlett from the
mount on Wawona in the opening race,
and put Picgott up in his stead. The odds
took a tumble and he finished third.
Just before post time the judges replaced
Espinosa on Lady Heloise with Shields.
Before the shift the filly was a 4 to 1
chance, but when the field started for the
post her odds were nearly rubbed off the
boards, one or two books laying 2 to 1.
THE LABOR UNIONS.
Backsliders Among the Painters Likely
to Cause Trouble— Shinglers
Supported.
From all indications there will be lively
times in the Painters' Union before long.
It seems that there are a number of mem
bers of the organization who are not living
up to union rules, and this has caused
great dissatisfaction on the part of law
abiding members.
This matter was brought up at the meet
ing last evening and it was decided to call
the offenders to time. Not desiring to
take snap judgment, it was decided to call
a special meeting of the union for next
Saturday evening to take action in the
premises.
At a meeting of the Metal-workers'
Union the committee appointed to looir
after the City Hall roof matter made its
report of the meetinp with the Commis
sioners. The delegates to the Building
Trades Council were instructed to support
KEW TO-DAY.
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE Brand
| ..CONDENSED KIIX.
Has No Equal
SOLD EVERYWHERE
fffli ! '"??>
W/i if/ V\ " \ I /
"Pass Yo^r Plate."
PLUG
Prices of all commodities
have been reduced except tobacco*
44 Battle Ax " is up to date*
Low Price; High Grade; Delicious
Flavor* For 10 cents you get
almost twice as much "Battle
Ax" as you do of any other high
grade plug*
the Sbinglers' Union in its efforts to ob
tain recognition and representation in the
council.
Baanb-fl m ■■ MUluimH VERY mark on your
face, every pimple, blotch, blood scar and
bad blood sign is an offense to your
friends and an annoyance to yourself.
You can avoid these awful pimples by
using a sarsaparilla which contains no
iodide of potassium, no mineral or mer-
curial drug. Such a sarsaparilla is the
famous remedy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla.
If you are suffering from chronic consti-
pation or from a bowel disorder, if you are
afflicted with Dyspepsia, you should use
the remedy that will clean the stomach
and bowels and is not offensive. If you
use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla yon will
suffer from no inconvenience, uneasiness
or griping sensations.
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company:
Gentlemen— l may not be able to tell you in
: fine language the great gratitude I feel, but I
can tell it just the same. A short time ago I
was on the flat of my back with pains all over
my body and pains in my stomach. I used
Joy's Vegetable Banaparilla for two weeks and
my bowels became regular, and I could feel
that I was getting on. I continued to use
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla' until I was well
enough to work, and now I am strong again.
Say, God bless Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
It is a great remedy. Signed, ■
CARL BEAUMAN, Stockton, Cal.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparil a is th- great
California remedy, of which so much . has
already been said. More than 10,000 testi-
monials are in the office of Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla.
The
mission
of the Shirt-
"To wear, to fit, to look well," at a
moderate price— fulfilled to the
letter by "STANDARD" SHIRTS.
The "STANDARD" Oat- -<K^
ing and Percale Shirts 'iTJLr^
are the "go" this sea- rvr tti -
son. _ L }£:
lEOBTADTER BROS, yHlylv
MTrs., S. F. ? >^
Rope Center
li Band
■S j Something very new in the
|| j way of watch designing. You
iwill choose it in preference
Jsria|& to the old style milled edge.
ir JD»..sl Very rich effects — cases
B [Bgj a sterling silver or gold filled
J —"TUXEDO"— warranted
H§ I movement. If you corns
I Hii I early you[can get on*. .. .
\" HiijJl The New Office In the
ijflw Waterbury Mills
iWt yE ... , , r J Building
WWJP WatCh CO. San Francisco.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily »cd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $(M 5
Daily and Sunday Calx, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam , six mouths, by mall.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Cn..., three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one mouth, by mail.. .05
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1 - 50
Wkkjcly Call, one year, by mall *•&"
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon goiug to the country on a vacation? II
■o, it Is no trouble for H3 to forward THE CALL to
your address. I>o not let it miss you for you will
tn(M it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
ISO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone iilL1 __ Ma!n-18(JS
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone ■_ l::lL Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner CUy: open until
9 ."« o'clock.
339 Hayes street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark :> street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-\V. corner Sixteenth end Mission street*; open
ant 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open nntil 9 o'clock.
113 JNlnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
BOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE!
Cooms 81 end 82, 84 J'ark Bow, New York City-
DAVID M. JOLT/., Special Agent-
THURSDAY- .7. .'.~.T7~ JUNE 11. ™**
IHC CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The issue is Republicanism.
The platform will be a big thing.
St. Louis begins to feel as if she never
lived before. _____
To stand for protection is the patriotism
of this crisis.
The people demand worK, wagei and
Republican prosperity.
About this time people who prophesy
are expected to bet on it.
There will be no bolt from St. Louis big
enough to close the door to victory.
Carlisle's explanation was long, but it
wa? not broad enough to cover the subject.
California will be solid at the St. Louis
convention, and solid for it* work after
ward.
In its last analysis the St. Louis plat
form will be the record of the Republican
party. |
Vining's transfer nuisance has gone to
the garbage pile and the people feel re
lieved.
The nearest road to municipal economy
is that of straight politics and Republican
victory.
This week and next the St. Louis hotel
man will give the advertising solicitor the
ha! ha!
The greatest of money issues are wages
for the people and revenues for the Gov
ernment.
The result at St. Louis may prove to be
a whale Dig enough to swallow ail the
prophets.
Under Democratic free trade the story
'of every industry in the country has been
a "mill of silence."'
The great West desires free silver, but
riot at the cost of another four years of
Democratic misrule.
Bradley of Kentucky claims to have
something up his sleeve, but it may be
only a cuff of some kind.
Loyal Republicans of East and West will
pool their issues at St. Louis and make a
platform big enough for both.
This campaign will settle the tariff ques
tion, but the solution of tbe money prob
lem may have to be sought later on.
The first object of the voters this year
will be to establish the protective system
firmly for the rest of this generation.
The Sutro administration has maue
light of its pledges of economy, and now
it proposes to leave the streets in dark
ness.
A community of this size that will per
mit its streets to go uniighted for two
weeks is certainly a community in sad
need of illumination.
It would be better for the Supervisors to
put out some of the taxeaters of tbe City
Hall than to put out the light of the
streets for two weeks.
The Senatorial investigation of the bond
deals will add some interesting documents
to the campaign, but t lie administration
will not circulate them.
It is hard on Carlisle to lose his Presi
dential boom, and Btili be kept in the
frying-pan instead of being allowed to re
tire into innocuous desuetude.
The contests over the election of dele
gates to St. Louis from this State were all
heard and decided by the State Conven
tion, and the decision is not likely to be
overruled by the National Committee.
The latest ticket-maker for tbe bewil
dered Democrats suggests the names of
Teller and Schotield, and as the first is a
Republican and the second a soldier the
ticket has the advantage that even if it
were knocked down and run over during
the campaign Democracy could cheerily
chirp "never touched me."
After the recent cyclone the streets of
St. Louis were so filled with a network of
tangled wires that a demand has arisen to
have all street wires in the city put under
ground, and as there is a prospect the de
mand will be carried oufr St. Louis may
yet derive a municipal benefit from what
seemed an unmitigated disaster.
Since our esteemed contemporary the
Inter Ocean has charged that the editor of
the Times-Herald "prostitutes his paper to
the level of the murderous weapons used
by the cutthroat and the assassin" there is
no further proof needed that Chicago with
her usual activity has jumped into the
middle of the campaign at the start and
has found it red hot.
On the basis of the number of names in
the newly published city directory for 1896
lx)s Angeles figures out for herself and the
recently annexed districts a population of
97,382. According to the Tines the gain
over last year is about 5000 peopls. it is
noted moreover that while there bas been
an increase in nearly all professions the
number of real estate dealers has di
minished.
AT ST. LOUIS
||The statement of Joseph Manley con
rerning the outlook at St. Louis virtually
assures the nomination of McKinley, and
according to reports there is a strong prob
ability of the adoption of a platform con
taining a plank pledging the party and
the candidates to the maintenance of the
single gold standard. These reports must
of course be discounted to some extent.
Conventions rarely act m accord with
street rumors. It seems assured that
McKinley wilJ be nominated, but it is by
no means so csrt&in that the platform will
Ueeiare f^r an extreme stand on the money
issue.
The men who lead the Republican party
ami who will formulate its platform at St.
Louis are not doctrinaires. They are sa
gacious statesmen and practical politi
cians, capable of seeing both sides of a
question and abla to deal with it in a
statesmanlike manner. These men are not
likely to draw a platform in accordar.ee
with the demands of doctrinaires or ex
tremists. They will consider the senti
ment of the party as a whule on the sub
ject of finance and will aim to give a true
expression of it in the platform.
This view of the probabilities i? strength
ened by the declarations of the various
Kepublican State conventions. Some have
declared outright for free silver coinage,
and others for the single gold standard.
Most of them, however, took a conservative
course, and while they did not "straddle
the issue," made the platform broad
enough for all Republicans who are not so
excited on one side or the other of this
issue as to be willing to sacrifice every
thing else for it, even to the extent ol
running the rhk of another four years of
Democratic misrule.
Giving to the reports of the day the full
est credence possible to be given to pre
dictions of future events, it seems more
than likely the convention will content
itself with declaring against the imme
diate and independent free coinage of sil
ver by this country at the ratio of 16 to 1.
That would not be a straddle nor a dodge,
but it •would satisfy the conservative sold
men without alienating those bimetalhsts
who would be driven off by a decla ration
for the gold standard absolutely.
The Republican party in this campaign
has no need to dodge. The popular senti
ment in favor of a return to protection
and a restoration to power of a narty that
knows how to govern is sufficient to in
sure Republican victory under almost any
circumstances. Nevertheless there is no
reason why the National Convention
should take extreme on the money
question, ana we do not believe it will.
McKinley's nomination is assured, and in
the feeling of harmony which now prevails
we have every reason to believe the silver
wing of the party will be included and the
platform will be broad enough for all to
stand on.
DARENESS WILL PREVAIL.
The City will have to get along without
street lighting during the last half of the
month. There does not appear to be any
help for it, unless the citiz2ns will go down
in their pocket-books and pay the bill.
The appropriation for lighting the streets
will be exhausted in a few days, and the
money that is set aside for the year com- j
mencing on the first day of July is not
available for tuis month's bills.
Naturally there is great indignation
among the people, but it is just possible
that tliey have been remiss in their duty
at tho polls en election days. It certainly
is true that theie is something radically
wrong somewhere when a great and rich
City like San Francisco has to sit in dark
ness for half a month because there is
no money in the treasury to pay gas and
eiectric-light bills.
There are those who rather rejoice at
the prospect of a half month of darkness,
for they think that a heroic remedy is
needed to cure the indifference which
prevails concerning the conduct of
the public affairs of the people, but
while that may be true, the fact
remains that fifteen nights of dark
ness may mean fifteen nights of
lawlessness such as no community should
think of without trembling. No doubt
way< and means could be provided to tide
the City over until the new fund is avail
able, but what is everybody's business is
nobody's business, as it would seem.
THE GOOD OF A FALSE RUMOR
2S"o doubt the rumor That the President
was about to recognize the belligerency
of the Cuban republic, which was circu
lated in Wall street yesterday, was manu
factured on the Stock Exchange for specu
lative purposes. At all events, the whole
list suffered a decline in prices and the
bears made a good haul of profits. Of
course the rumor traveled fast and grew
as it traveled, and when it reached San
Francisco it stated as positive fact that
the President had actually issued such a
proclamation.
The rumor had no foundation in fact,
but it served to show how deeply inter
ested our people are in the weiiara of the
Cubans. One could hear expressions of
approval of the President's action on
every hand, and the only criticism was
that the matter had been delayeu so Jong.
One could not help observing that the
merits of the cause of the Cubans was not
discussed at all. It was Weyler'a bru
tality and the seeming approval of his
fiendish work by the Madrid Government
that made those who heard the rumor
rejoice that this Government had at last
given the insurgents official notice. It
waa the possibility of an opportunity for
the United States to give Spain a sound
thrashing that pleased the people.
It is no doubt tbe fact that no nation
was ever held in greater contempt than
Spain is by the people of North and South
America, and were the Cubans without an
excuse for rebelling against the mother
country, the metnods employed by "\Vey
ler and other generals of the Spanish
army would create a sympathy for them
which would take most substantial form
were opportunity offered. This Wall-street
rumor might be studied by Spain as a
straw showing which way the current of
puolic sentiment is flowing in this coun
try.
DODGES THE QUESTION.
Secretary Carlisle's reply to the inquiry
of the Senate concerning, the circumstances
connected with the sale of Government
bonds in the years 1894-95-% fails to give
the satisfaction that was hoped for. In
stead of a clear and unvarnished state
ment of ihe facts the Secretary submits
an argument in justification of the several
sales, with an apparent effort to lead
away from the real thing that the Senate
wanted to know about. There is no doubt
at all that the figures Mr. Carlisle sub
mits are correct in every particular, but
the Senate and the country were well in
formed on those points before. What was
wanted, and what Mr. Carlisle fails to give
with clearness, was an analysis of the cir-
comstances which, in his mind, made it
necessary for the Government to sell
bonds in tiie first instance, and why, sec
ondly, the transactions were r.ot more
favorable to the Treasury Department.
■ , la referring to the failure oi Coii^resa to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1806.
I give the treasury the relief that it was
i alleged to be in need of Mr. Carlisle prac
tically adniiis that there were serious ap
prehensions existing of the ability of the
j (iovernment to maintain its credit; but he
! is misleading when he intimates thai, it
was the people that was apprehensive. It
; was the administration and not the pub
;He that was "rattled." This is made
cear in tbe haste of the Secretary to
I close a secret deal with the Belmont
| Morgan-Rothschild .syndicate to take the
j entire issue, $02,000,000, at the absurdly
j low price oi when the same char-
I acter of United States bond was selling in
the investment markets of this country and
■ Europe at $119. Admitting that the trea
j sury was in distress, and that it was nee
i essary to procure gold by the sale of bonds,
; the fact still remains that the administra
t'on was unnecessarily alarmed, and that
had it been equal to the emergency the syn
j dicate could have taken no such advan
j tage. It is not charged by any one that
! Mr. Carlisle or any other officer of the
j Government tried to or did secure personal
I gain by the transaction.
The real meaning of Mr. Carlisle's dodg
' i::g the kind of an explanation that was
j asked for it is that the more he should try
j to justify the deal with the syndicate the
j more he would expose the incapacity of
the Cleveland administration. To give
i the true reason why bonds that were sell
i ing in the open market for $119 should be
! given to a syndicate for a fraction over
i $104 would have been to confess that the
Government had fallen into glaringly in
competent hands. No corner grocer would
show so little business sense, and now
that the administration itself realizes its
utter inability to cope with complex or
! threatening danger, it seeks to avoid ex
posure by subterfuge, as in Carlisle's re
piy to the Senate's inquiries concerning
the several bond issues.
THERE WILL BE NO BOLT.
The advance guard from several States
has reached St. Louis, and as is always the
case there are those who assume the role
uf the party's oracle. There is no man
now at St. Louis nor will there be at any
time before or durine the convention who
is authorized to set the bounds of the
party's going and coming. That is for the
convention to do, and when a man an
nounces that his State will bolt if his
advice is not taken, or when another talks
of a bolt if this is done and that is not
done, the country will understand that
they are not representative Republicans.
The delegates froln every State are in
structed to work for the accomplishment
of certain aims, but no delegation is
authorized to talk of bolting, much less to
bolt. For the most part, however, this
talk about bolting are tales got up by
Democrats to create discord in the local
organizations of the party, and Repub
licans are in no way responsible for
them. This the members of the party
everywhere should understand. There
will be plenty of bard work before
the meeting of the convention and
strong and logical arguments wiJl be made
in the convention by the California and by
every other delegation for or against pro
posed declarations of principles. It is by
this way that the needs, the sentiments
and the wishes of the several States are
made known to the party as a whole, and
wjjen all interests have been presented the
convention will adjust its platform so
that every community shall have all its
wants up to where more would be trespass
upon the rights of others.
To talk of bolting, then, is to talK as the
disloyal taik. But, as we have said, pretty
much all the talk of "bolting the party" is
manufactured by a Democratic junta now
In St. Louis for the express purpose of
sowing seeds of discord. It is a Demo
cratic trick that has grown gray in the
service of that party, and no Republican
should worry about a "bolt," for there will
be none. Meanwhile let the organization
of league clubs go right along with in
creasing enthusiasm, so that the only
"bolt" that the country will witness will
be the bolting of the Democratic party for
a hiding-place.
WHEN SHE SMILES
I.lke dew on the blushing June roses,
And as soft as the dawn of the day,
Is the look that my loved one discloses
When she wishes to have her own way.
If the son? that I sing but expresses
Oue-balf what her sweet smile will do, •
You can guess that a, hat or a dreai is
The obJecVmy love has in view.
When, like d«4 on the blushing June roses
And as soft as the dawn of the day -
Is her look as my loved one proposes
That she simply will have her own way.
—Life.
THE VALLEY ROAD
Santa Clara >ews.
This line, to which Californians look as their
hope of redemption from overcharges lor
freight and transportation, is completed from
Stockton to Merced, a distance of seventy
miles. More rapid progress would have been
made had it not been for trouble in securing
right-of-way. These details have been nearly
all settled, except one case in Madera County
and another in Fresno County, so more rapid
progress is looked for when the cases now on
from Merced County are settled. They are
being tried under condemnation proceedings,
which were opened in court yesterday, June 8.
Negotiations are in progress between the
Valley road and the California Navigation pud
Improvement Company with a view toward
making a traflic arrangement whereby the
Valley road would virtually have a through
line from San Francisco to Merced as soon as
the road between Stockton and Merced is regu
larly opened for business.
The steamship company named now handles
all the construction material of the competing
railroad and has boats lying idle which could
be made available immediately. There will
be ample facilities provided, not only for all
the freight business that maybe offered, but
passengers will also find special inducements
to use this route to Merced and Intermediate
points.
It is expected that when the railroad is com
pleted and operated to Bakersneld additional
boats will be required. These will have to be
built and they will be fast and commodious.
It is expected three boats a day each way
will be required as soon as the Valley and Cor
ral Hollow railroads are in operation. The lat
ter road has not maae a contract yet. but it
may conclude to handle i;s coal in its own
barges.
The Valley road has thousands of well wish
ers in this valley who want to see it completed
as quickly as possible to Mojave. When this is
done there will be a competing line to Eastern
cities, which will do more to break the mono
poly under which California has struggled for
years than all other causes combined.
JUST THE MAN FOR STEWART.
Washington Times.
Some one tells this story of Senator Stewart
of Nevada: The colored butler in the house of
a widely known Representative asked the
daughter of the house, a bright young lady,
what all the talk about silver was. She ex
plained to him as well as ehe could, but evi
dently not to the butler's satisfaction, for he
went away insisting that he was a silver man
and the silver question meant that any one
who wanted it could get sixteen silver dollars
for one gold dollar If the measure ever passed.
Now it happens that this young lady is very
well acquainted with Senator Stewart's daugh
ter, and that young lady happened to call the
day after the butler had sought in vain for in
formation. During the course of the conver
sation the young hostess told her guest oi the
butler's inquiring turn of mind. At this Miss
Stewart broke in impulsively with: "Oh, why
didn't you send him over to see papa? He
wants some one to talk silver with so much."
A GEORGIA PLATFORM.
A Georgia man is going to run for any office
he can get on the i following: platform: "I
never was in the war; never hollered at the
surrender, and never killed anybody that let
me alone, and tno only thing I know about the
.financial question is t&is; Xaeedmoaey, .;..
THE ST. LOUIS PLATFORM.
Views of Leading Republican-
Journals as to the Financial
Plank to Be Adopted.
Faint-Hearted Men to the Hear.
Omaha Bee.
it is simultaneously announced from Wash
ington and St. Louis that the platform upon
which William McKlnley expects to present
himself for the suffrage of the people will be
a compromise, or, in other words, a straddle on
the money question. We do not believe that
any man or set of men has any right to com
mit either William McKlnley or the Republi
can party in advance of the National Conven
tion to a straddle or juggle on the silver ques
tion. Mr. McKinley spoke for himself when
he declared at the Marquette Club banquet at
Chicago that he would stand squarely on the
platform that should be framed at St. Louis.
His own views on the question were clearly ex
pressed by him four year* ago in his speech
made at Lincoln in this State, when, in reply
to the question, «'What about silver?" he in
terrupted his speech to respond:
I'll tell, you, my friend, what I think about
silver, and its what the Republican party thinks
about U. I believe, and the Republican party
thinks, that every dollar, bo it gold, silver or
paper, should be the equal of the other. The
farmer and the laborer more than anybody els'
want mi honest dollar. When the farmer sells a
bushel of wheat he must use a full bushel, and
when he gets his pay he demands a lull dollar
worth 100 cents.
The fanner who wanted a full dollar worth
100 cents in IS'J'J wants the same kind of a
dollar in lS9t>. He will not be satished with
any two-faced expression on this subject.
Neither will the farmer who clamors for 16 to
1 free coinage regardless of the action of other
nations. It is arrant nonsense to expect to
draw votes from the free coinage ranks by
promises of international agreement, either at
the old ratio or at some new ratio.
The free silverite whatever his politics may
have been will atand out for 10 to 1 regardless
of other nations or nothing. On the other
hand, all voters who believe in honesty and
full value money demand an explicit, une
quivocal declaration against free and unlim
ited silver coinage and the menace of a silver
standard. While not a single vote can be
gained by a straddle, hundreds of thousands
of votes will be assured for McKinley and the
Republican ticket by a fearless and uncompro
mising stand for sound money.
It must be borne in mind that a very large
percentage of the independent vote, the vote
that has turned the balance in debatable
States in previous elections, will be gained or
lost ou the money plank. This is especially
true of the German, Scandinavian and Slavic
popuiatiou.who are almost to a man ior sound
money and against free silvercoinage. • • *
Mr. cirosvenor asks: Where will these votes
go to since it is foreordained that both Demo
crats and Populists will indorse the silver de
lusion? Suppose tney take to the woods.
That would mean a loss of hundreds of thou
sands of votes in States where every vote is
needed. This, however, is a cowardly view.
The Republican party boasts that it has never
faltered before a great issue. Why should it do
so in the year 1890 and protract the agony
born of uncertainty as to the future policy of
the American Government, • * •
The assertion that the battle must be foueht
on the protective tariff alone is absurd.
General Pope, when he had his headquarters
in the saddle, once decided fo light a decisive
battle at Warrenton, Va., but Lee and Stone
wall Jackson turned his flant and forced him
to light at Mauassas. In the impending cam
paign McKinley will stand for protection and
the fighting will be forced on the lines of free
coinage whether the Republican generals
choose that battle-ground or not.
If the faint-hearted men who are trying to
dodge the main issue oi the impending cam
paign by subterluge and compromise would
retire to"the rear and let the lighting men oc
cupy the front ranks the battle of 1890 will
register the most signal victory the Republi
can party has ever won.
There Will Ue No Cowardice.
New York Tribune.
It is practically settled that the sound-money
men will have entire control in the Republi
can convention, and the silver men in the
Democratic convention. That certainly is by
some expected to have much to do with the
shaping of the Republican platform. They
reason that in such circumstances the Repub
licans will have nothing to fear in any Eastern
States, and will therefore be inclined to treat
as kindly as possible the opinions of Western
brethren, whose struggle lor protective princi
ples is embarrassed by the popular desire for
free silver coinage. In support of this view it
is urged that sound-money Democrats have al
ready begun to 6how that they will stick to
their party anl fight for it, even if it puts up a
silver man on a silver platform, and that the
Republicans will be obliged to meet such dis
honest ignoring of the question with some
measure of evasion or prudence.
These calculations leave out of sight a ques
tion ot principle and a practical contingency
which may prove extremely important. It is
not possible for the Republicans to pass in
silence the question of silver coinage, and no
obligation can be higher than to state with
honesty the principles by which they will be
governed. The entire history of the party has
been distinguished by manly candor in stating
its beliefs and unflinching fidelity in carrying
out its pledges. Kor forty years its opponents
have labored in vain to entangle the Republi
can party in a tricky statement or a disregard
of promises and the votes in States where
people are free to vote stand as proof that no
charge of that nature has ever had weight
with- public opinion. There will not be this
year a beginning of Republican bad faith or
cowardice-. The party has clearly denned and
.strong convictions on the money question, ana
caunot help stating them.
The Money Flank Must Be an Honest
One.
Chicago Tlmea-Herald.
The money plank adopted by the Republi
cans ot Maine reads :
We are opposed to the free and unlimited coin
age of silver, except by international agreement,
and uulil such agreement can be obtained we be
lieve that tbe present gold, standard should be
maintained.
That is a very good platform. It would be
more terse if it read: "We believe that the
present gold standard should be maintained,
and we are opposed to the free and unlimited
coinage of silver."
Every reference to an international agree
ment is shifty and futile. It deceives nobody,
because every one knows, first, that there is
not the slightest possibility of an international
agreement at any ratio, and, secondly, that if
such an agreement were formally entered into
no Government could be bound to abide by it
a day longer than its own industrial or com
mercial interests would appear to warrant.
The money plank at St. Louis should not be
incumbered with redundant words or irreve
vant allusions. Wnat the people want is an
honest, plain, unequivocal affirmation of the
single principle of the present gold standard
and an absolute negation of the free coinage of
silver at any ratio.
The Maine platform is good, but it would be
better without reduudancy and irrelevancy.
The St. Louis plank must be the best that can
be contrived for the understanding of the plain
ueople. It must be plain, like them. It must
be without subtlety, as they are. It must be
straightforward, asthe people are. It mu.-t be
honest; the people are honest.
No redundancy at bt. Louis 1 No ambiguity 1
No subtlety!
Mr. McKlnley's Attitude.
Washington Post.
As we have heretofore had occasion to re
mark Mr. McKinley's refusal to be "drawn"
on the financial question has our unqualified
approval. He is under no sort of obligation to
express himself at the demand of enemies who
hope to extract from the utterance something
that may be used to his injury ana discredit.
His friends— and they seem to constitute about
three-fourths of the Republican party— are en
tirely satisfied. They have asked no questions
and seem more than willing to take Mr. Mc-
Kinley as he stands. For him to enter upon
an unprofitable controversy under these cir
cumstances would be mere folly.
The best answer to all this affectation of
solicitude is to remind the inquisitors that the
St. Louis platform will declare the. party 's
position as regards the matter of finance, and
that Mclvinley can be saiely trusted, as an
honorable man, to keep faith with the spirit
and the letter of that declaration. If the Re
publican party as a whole is sincerely wedded
to the gold standard, the delegates, gorng
fresh from the people, will make that senti
ment known, ana Mr. McKinley, theit- chosen
representative and standard-bearer, cannot do
less than observe a loyal and sincere com
pliance with their wishes. We shall see what
the St. Louis platform says. We shall see
whether it is so emphatic and so explicit for
the single gold standard as certain gentlemen
now prophesy. But we fully believe that the
National platform will differ little, if any,
from the State platform adopted in Ohio some
weeks ago by a convention controlled by Mc-
Kinley'a friends in his interests. It is fair to
assume that the financial plank in that
structure had Mr. McKinley's entire approval,
if, indeed, it were not the work of his own
hands— and here it is: "
•We contend for honest money— for a currency of
sold, silver and paper with which to measure our
exchanges, that shall be as sound as the Govern
ment and as untarnished as Its honor, and to that
end we favor bimetallism and demand the use of
both gold and silver as standard money, either in
accordance with a ratio to be fixed by an Inter
national agreement- »if that can be obtained) or
under such restrictions and such provisions to -be
determined by legislation as will secure the main
tenance of the parities of values el (be (wo metals,
so that the purchasing and debt-paying power ot
the dollar, whether silver, gold or paper, shall be
at all limes equal.
This is quite as definite and stalwart as the
average Republican platform — quite as much
so, we fancy, as any ihe St. Louis convention is
likeiy to put forth." It, no doubt, expresses Mr.
McKinley's personal attitude and purpose, and
may safely be accepted in that character. We
see State after State instructing for him in the
light of this utterance, and its almost unmis
takable meaning. AVhy, then, need Mr. Mc-
Kinley trouble himself'to elaborate a proposi
tion already clear enough?
PERSONAL.
W. P. McFaul of Ukiah is here.
W. H. Cowan of London is in town.
J. D. Foster of Fresno is at the Russ.
Ex-Judge A. Hewel of Modesto is at the
Lick.
John Hogue and family of Gilroy are at the
Ramona.
Ex-Judge J.W. Davis of Tulare arrived here
yesterday.
Robert Shearer of Gait, Sacramento County,
is in town.
R. U. Willey, an attorney of Monterey, ii on
a visit here.
Ex-Congressman Caminetti of Jackson is reg
istered at the Lick.
E. Taylor, a business man of Calaveras
County, is in town.
E. McVeigh, a business man of Salt Lake City,
is at the Cosmopolitan.
Justice Garoutte of the Supreme Court left
last night for New York.
William Fullerton of Cedar River, lowa, is
among recent arrivals here.
C. A. Brown, manager of a large estate in
Hawaii, is at the Occidental.
Dr. G. C. Porter of Hollister is at the Grand,
accompanied by Mrs. Porter.
W. Forsyth, long engaged in the raisin busi
ness at Fresno, is in the City.
Ex-^.ttorney-General A. L. Hart of Sacra
mento is among recent arrivals.
Charles W. Seymour, a prominent business
man of Tacoma, is at the Ramona.
John S. Noble, a merchant from St. Helena,
and his family, are at the Ramona.
O. Isenberg, a planter of Hawaii, is at the Oc
cidental, accompanied by his family.
P. C. Jones, one of the oldest merchants and
extensive planters of Honolulu, Is in town.
M. F. Crandell has returned from a business
trip 10 Honolulu and is at the Cosmopolitan.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan are T. J. McGrath and wife of Watsonville.
P. L. Coombs, ex-United States Minister to
Japan, has arrived here from his home in
Napa.
W. H. Mead, a Councilman of Portland and
general agent of the Chicago and Northwestern
Railroad, is at the Occidental.
A. B. Lemmon, editor and owner of the Santa
Rosa Republican, is among the arrivals at the
Grand. He is en route to St. Louis.
F. L. Ewer, a leading vineyardist of St.
Helena, and also largely interested in mines,
is taking in the City and is at the Ramona.
Hervey Lindley, H. Z. Osborne, T. E. Newlin,
George Mason and Joseph C. Kays of Los
Angeles, all prominent in Republican politics,
are at the Palace.-
Hon. J. N. Todd, the American Vice-Consul
in Guatemala who arrived here some time
since and has been absent from the City for
some weeks, has returned here.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 10.— At the Hol
land—A. Borell and wife, H. WaMraff ; Hoff
man—P. Dillmos; Albert— W. C. Ilawkes; St.
Denis— Dr. E. S. Chllds; Metropole— J. W.
Knox; St. James— l. F. Nugent; Broadway
Central— W. H. Humphry ; Astor—W. B. Web
ster; Imperial— S. Baeling; Gilsey— H. N. Dia
mond, W. N. Diamond ; Continental— Mrs. W.
Evans. From California— Mrs. Bressler, Grand
Union; F. H. Drayton, Murray Hill; Rev. F.
L. Nash and wife, Astor; F. P. Shultz and
wife, Cosmopolitan.
A CHILD'S PRETTY APRON.
Here is an apron which combines pictur
esqueness with utility, ft is developed charm
ingly in any of the dainty white stuffs, such
as nainsook, dimity, lawn and cambric. An
inexpensive decoration consists of a very nar
row Valenciennes insertion let in at the top of
the hem on sleeves and revers. Another trim
ming which is dainty and not costly is a
narrow frill of Valenciennes lace of the Italian
mesh, set on tbe edges. Narrow edges of em
broidery set on flat recommend themselves on
the score of easy laundering.
Aprons of pretty light colors are a possi
bility, for the colored nainsooks wash admir
ably. It may be had in many colors, pink,
couleur de rose, blue and pale green.
Gingham in checks and stripes makes very
serviceable aprons, and need not of necessity
be In colors which do not please a child's eye.
Stripes of pink and white on blue and white
wash quite as well as the dull grays and
browns. A pretty contrast Is obtained by
using a plain color for the revers. Or mace
the apron of plain pink, with sleeves and
revers of striped pink and white.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"My wife is such a good manager. Before
she goes away for the summer she writes me
out along bulletin so I can know exactly where
everything is in the house."
-Yes?"
"And then sne carries it off with her."—Chi
cago Record.
Strawber— What is your object in constantly
increasing the number of your debts?
Singerly— l want to be sure that when I die I
shall be universally mourned."— New York
Herald.
Maud— Do you love him?
Bella— Love him? I hate him.
Maud— Oh, I see; that's why you are going
to marry him.— New York Commercial Adver
tiser,
Barber— Don't you waut some tonic to make
your hair stay in?
N. Peck— A— ah— l don't believe I do. The
easier it comes out the less it hurts.—lndianap
olis Journal.
Bacon— l see they've put a sounding-board
back of the minister's pulpit. What do you
suppose that's for?
Egbert— Why, it's to throw out the sound.
"Gracious I If you threw out the sound there
wouldn't be anything left in the sermon I"—
Yonkers Statesman.
Trolley Motorman (to conductor)— Say, Bill,
the old gent behind has just fell off.
Conductor— That's all right; he's justpaid his
fare.— Cincinnati Leader.
"That there thin chicken with the draggled
feathers," said the farmer to tho summer
boarder, "Is the one I call the socialist. Know
why?"
Of course the boarder didn't know.
"Well, I'll tell you. I call him that 'cause he
spends so much time chasm' the other chick
ens to get their vittles away from 'em that he
don't find no time to pick none for hisself."—
Indianapolis Journal,
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS
One of the great successes of the present
musical season in London has been made by
the Columbians, a quartet consisting of four
American girls, who sing plantation songs to
the accompaniment of a banjo and guitar
which two of them play. London is so over
run with accomplished musicians from all
parts of the civilized world that the furor
created by these girls with their simple songs
is all the more remarkable. Their names are
Miss Rita Lorton, Miss Belle Brewst«r, Miss
Winnifred Nightingale and Miss Nona Wil
liams, and all come of good American families.
Less than two years ago they went to Europe
to study music, and after the work of the day
used to amuse themselves during the winter
evenings by playing the banjo and guitar and
singing plantation and college songs. "In
this," says the Musical Courier, "they were al
ways encouraged, because all, both musicians
and others, were simply carried away by the
beauty of their ensemble singing and
also by the unusual harmonies— the spon
taneous outcome of their own musical intu
itions. As they made friends in the great me
tropolis their singing began to be heralded, 1
and suddenly to their utter amusement, they
found themselves the center of much admira
tion." The Columbians have toured with
Patti in England and are greatly in demand
both for drawing-room performances in society
and for concerts.
Vogl, the celebrated tenor of the Munich
opera, who is counted among the oldest and
most solid pillars ot Wagnerian art, has just
undergone a great misfortune, not as an artist,
but as an agriculturist. In the environs of
Munich, near the Lake of Starnberg, Vogl pos
sesses a large estate, where he devotes a large
portion of his time superintending every kind
of culture, even pisciculture. A large pond
has been constructed for the fish, and recently
the chief embankment of this artificial lake
was washed away by the rains, and the water
swept away to the lake, carrying away Vogl's
fish and causing enormous damage along its
track. It is stated that the loss to neighboring
estates amounts to 100,000 francs, and it has
been decreed that the unfortunate singer must
reimburse this sum. Vogl would have done
better to stick to his singing, for the exploita
tion of his larynx would never have cost him
60 dear as this.
The Municipal Council of the city oi Ham
burg has proposed to the citizens to grant a
subvention of 20,000 marks in order that the
city may, for a year, maintain a first-class or
chestra. The citizens agreed, on condition
that there should be at least five concerts de
voted exclusively to classical music, at which
the price of admission was to be fixed at a sum
equivalent to 12 cents. Nothing could have
been more just, for as the mass of the people
will contribute to the support of these con
certs it is only right that they should profit by
them; that is true democracy, and now there
is scarcely a person in Hamburg so poor that
he cannot hear the symphonies of Beethoven
interpreted by an orchestra oi the highest or
der.
"The King of Lahore," in a frock coat and a
white tie! To any one -JTho knows the opera
the idea is amusing, but at Kief tbe other day
the work had been announced, and when the
audience had assembled it was found that the
costumer had played the theater false and
}here were consequently none of the custom
ary gorgeous costumes for his majesty or the
rest of the troupe to don. After a hasty con
sultation it was resolved to give the work as an
oratorio, and the papers state that the effect
produced by the music was not less attractive
than it is when "The King of Lahore" is acted
and costumed.
The Parisian public has accorded the warm
est reception to Clarence Eddy, the American
organist, who has been giving some concerts
at the Trocadero. A large number of French
organists, among them Theodore Dubois, the
new director of the Paris Conservatory, were
present at the opening concert and led the
applause. The papers state that Eddy, with
out doubt, can be clashed among the greatest
organists of the day, and this is a great con
fession for the Parisian press to make regard
ing a foreigner.
An admirer of Richard Wagner has offered
to the Municipal Council of Berlin the sum of
5000 marks as the first subscription toward a
monument in honor of the Bayreuth master.
It remains to be seen if the council will fur
nish the rest or invite the citizens to subscribe.
In awaiting the response of the council the
shades of Richard Wagner can only boast of a
commemorative plaque, placed on the house
at Leipsic which replaces the house where he
was born. That is certainly very little.
The tenor Van Dyck has quarreled with
Mme. Cosima Wagner, and unless an unex
pected reconciliation takes place he will sing
no more at Bayreuth. Next year he will begin
his ninth season at the Imperial Opera-house
of Vienna. At the expiration of his tenth
year of service, if he is not re-engaged, he will
be entitled to a pension of (5000 florins ($3000),
paid from the private purse of the Emperor.
A German composer, Auguste Bungert, has
just finished a lyric triology entitled
"Ulysses," the subject of which closely follows
the Odyssey. The first of the three works is
entitled "Penelope," and this will receive its
initial performance next October at the Royal
Opera-house of Dresden. The celebrated bary
tone Scheidemantel has been intrusted with
the role of Ulysses.
Music is to play an important part in the
Geneva exposition, one of the most noteworthy
attractions being a series of symphony con
serts, under the direction of a young and dis
tinguished artist, Gustav Doret. A very
eclectic series of programmes has been ar
ranged, including symphonies by the classical
as well as by the modern masters.
The Royal Opera of Berlin is preparing to
mount an unpublished opera by the English
composer, Henry Waller, entitled "Fra Fran
cesco." It is said that the Emperor William
ha 3 ordered that the first performance shall be
a private one for himself alone. This looks
like following in the footsteps of the late la
mented King Louis of Bavaria.
A new liturgical mass, with organ and
string quartet accompianment by the young
composer, Giuseppe Massa, has been performed
with great success at the church of San Carlo,
Modena. Indeed, the work produced a pro
found impression on the hearers. The
"Kyrie" and the "Agnus Dei" are cited as be
ing especially remarkable.
A great musical combine is announced from
Italy. Ricordi and Sonzogno, the two great
music publishers and impresarios, wno have
been rivals for so long, have pooled their in
terests. Both houseß possess great power in
the musical world, and combined they will
practically own the Italian opera-houses.
Anton Dvorak has not been idle since his re
turn to Europe. It is announced that he has
just finished not only two new quartets for
strings, but also three grand symphonic
poems, of which the titles are : "The Sorcerer
of the South," "The Man of the Waters" and
"The Golden Wheel."
Passing through Milan the other day Saint-
Saens was made the object of regular ovations.
He was recognized in the hall of the orches
tral society, where they happened to be per
forming his "Danse Macabre," and immedi
ately the whole audience cheered him three
times.
A grand Handel festival was to have taken
place at Leipaic this month under the direc
tion of Kretschmer, conductor of the Riedel
scher Verein. As the director has fallen very
sick, however, the festival has been postponed
till next autumn.
Papers from the Argentine Republic speak in
enthusiastic terms cf the success Tamagno is
meeting with at Buenos Aireß. L' Italia al
Plata says he has modified his method and
that bis art is now as good as his voice.
More than a hundred thousand francs have
been subscribed toward the Gounod monu
ment. Reyer is president of the monument
committee, and Massenet and Gerome are vice
presidents.
It is announced that Puccini, the composer
of "Mauon Lescaut," etc., is writing an opera
based on the plot of Sardou's drama, "La
Tosca,"
A new opera in one act, entitled "Stella," by
Franz Kohout, chef, d'orefcestre of. the Prague
Opera-bouse, has just been prodtced with enc
cess in the Bohemian capital.
Ethelbert Humperdinck, the fcrtunate com-
T>oser of "Hansel and Gretel," has finished
?he score of ah opera, entitled "The Royal
Children."
The Italian Philharmonic Society of the city
has decided that the next opera given shall be
Donizetti's "II Poliuto."
A new Italian opera by Angelo Ferreto is
called "An Angel-iLoveJ^Amore^^^
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Popular Pennoyer.
Seattle Argus.
Two P's in one pod-Pennoyer and Portland.
A >'ew Crime.
Los Angeles Times.
Low handle-bars ou a bicycle arc a crime
that should be suppressed by statute.
Information Wanted.
San Francisco Post
We should like to know for what great Dem
ocrat the office of President is hunting.
A Popular Song.
Fresno Watchman.
"Silver threads among the gold" has been
converted into a Western campaign melody.
I'biquitous and Absent.
Santa Clara News.
Dunham is a contradiction of that law which
says a body cannot be in two places at the same
time. ___
They Wouldn't Say Amen.
Anaconda (Mont.) Standard.
The Methodist General Conference regrets
that it cannot say "Amen" to Mr. Cleveland's
Armenian policy.
A Deceased Law.
Salinas Owl.
California has an anti-prize fighting law that
became a dead letter the moment it was signed.
The Statement Accepted.
Fresno Kepublican.
Secretary Carlisle need not bother about that
other letter explaining that his declination to
be a candidate is li rial. It will be taken for
granted.
Cleveland's Financial Policy.
Portervllle Enterprise.
Fresno Democrats indorsed Cleveland, ex
cepting the financial policy. So do we: but
we do not hanker after the play of "Hamlet"
where Hamlet is left out.
What Cleveland Wanted.
Stockton Independent.
Republican leaders said they expected the
present session of Congress to be a "do.
nothing" session, but President Cleveland
wanted it to be a "do less than nothing"
session.
Useless Bloodhounds.
Tulare Register.
By the way, who has seen a successful pur
suit of criminals by means of dogs? At various
times public attention has been centered upon
somebody with a string of pups at the begin
ning of a trail, but somehow the outcome has
always been enshrouded in a haze. A number
of residents of California have left for their
health? from time to time, but we do not recail
that any of them have really been run down
with dogs.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Miss Rose Elizabeth Cieveland has been for
some time living in Summerville, N. C.
Hamilton, at the age of 16. wrote political
essays that were credited by the general public
to Jar.
Gustav Jovariovitch. the Russian "Cattle
King," bas 1,500,000 sheep, which are looked
after by 35,000 shepherd dogs.
In Robert Graham, a clerk in Brooklyn, has
been discovered the person of Sir Robert James
Stuart Graham, tenth Baronet of Esk.
Colonel Howard Vincent, head of the crimi
nal investigation department in Scotland
Yard, boasts that he can tell a man's businem
by the way he uses the door-knocker.
The young King of Servia is very supersti
tious, and is a firm believer in one of the most
hideous Servian legends— namely, the one con
nected with the broncolaqne. This horrible
monster is supposed to be a kind of vampire
which assumes all kinds of shapes— sometimes
beautiful and sometimes horrible ones— and
seizes on you when you are asleep and sucks,
your blood.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend'a."
Epkcial information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping iJureaa (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
Miss Winnie Simpson of Gartiela, Wash.,
makes quite a snug amount of pia money by
shooting squirrels. She handles a gun to bet
ter effect than many of the men in that region,
her average being thirty squirrels a day. She
also distiuguished herself lately by winning
the first prize in an oratorical contest open to
both sexes.
St. Louis Convention.
Parties taking advantage of the cheap rates to
the Kepublican Convention can secure tickets re
turning via St. Paul and the .Northern Pacific
Railroad. T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
Mothers give Dr. Siegeet's Angostura Bitters
to their children to stop colic and looseness of th«
bowels.
Thostc who are worn out, rheumatic and feeble,
should use Parker's Ginger Tonic.
Pabksb'3 Haib Balsam will save your hair.
Christine Nilsson, the Comtesse deCasa Mi
randa, bought Watteau's "Diane au Bain," re
cently Bold at auction in Paris, for J07.000
francs. The picture had been previously
offered to the Louvre Museum for 100,000
francs.
NEW TO-DAY.
f Llllfl2 I!K3F6
China Ware
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Cups, Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7>jO
each.
Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c,
50c.
Table Tumblers, per set, 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set, complete, 60 pieces,
$4 6-5 and $5 25.
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Genuine Carlsbad China, exquisitely decora'
ted, Dinner Set, 100 pieces, $15 00.
The kind and quality others charge $%5.
——AT——
GreatAmericanliDportinaTea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission St. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kcarny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st*
! 521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
£33 Hayes st < 3259 Mission st*
52 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
13 1 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St., Alameda.
f"The Best in the World" .""""•
Is not too much, to say of the Her-
- citlks Gas and Gasolink E.voinks.
We keep up with the latest improve-
ments and are ahead of all competi-
tors. Send for Catalogue and Price List
American Type Founders* Co.
405-407 Sansome Ktreet,
L San Francisco, GalTHURSDAY JUKE 11, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
r^TPTTTv- ATFR ,_ "in Mizzoura."
California THBATEB.-"The Home Secretary,"
Monday evening, June 16.
• oi.rjißiA 3 hf-atkk— "Brother John."
Monosco's OrKRA-HotTBK— "Brother Against
Brother.'
Trvou Opkra-Hottsb.— "Lorraine."
< i.i'HKm- Hicr!--Class Vaudeville.
Metropolitan- Temple.—" Miss Jerry."
The ArMTOKirif— Corner of Jonea and Eddy
streets— " Frou-Frou." Testimonial to Miss Mar-
garet Craven, to-morrow night.
Sctxo *onky 16i^nd— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Haight street, one
tlock east of the Park.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion- and Picnic— To Glen Ellen, Wed-
nesday, June 17.
AUCTION SALES.
By M. J. Mcßride— This day (Thursday),
Horses, at 507 Jessie street, at 11 o'clock.
By S. Basch— his day (Thursday), Furniture,
at salesroom, 319 Sinter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
By 8. Basch— This day (Thursday), Stoves,
Agateware, etc., at 1370 Market st . at 2 o'clock.
By L. Vincent— Friday, June 12, Furniture, at
622 Polk street, at 11 o'clock.
By Easton & Eldridhk— Saturday, June 13,
General Machinery and Commission Business, at
46 Fremont street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF
The People's Savings Ban*. r~. «--s will be tried
on June 18.
The Girls' High School held a nigh jinks
yesterday afternoon.
Mrs. Melinda Woodward has sued Attorney
J. C. Bates for $10,000 damages for slander.
Despite the new Dimond ordinance the
newsboys yesterday trafficked in transfers as
of old.
The Board of Education has decided to allow
no more raffles or lotteries at' school entertain
ments.
Judge Wallace yesterday rendered a decision
that knocks out the poolroom commission
business.
Emmanuel Rass has petitioned for letters of
administration In the estate of Dora Shannon,
worth $3750.
The Weather Bureau forecasts for to-day fair
weather, still warmer, with light to fresh
northerly winds.
The State Development Committee will soon
begin to send out its beautiful topographical
maps of California.
Charles O'Donnell, a poolroom operator of
Leidesdorff street, has disappeared with $1500
of his victims' money.
The Supreme Court restejday decided that
the Blythe Company has outlitigated it6elf,
and has no further standing in court.
Reports of rich placer and quartz mines
near Mojave are attracting lartre numbers of
prospectors to the desert east of that city.
Christian Scheurer, a tailor, living at 147
Fourth street, committed suicide yesterday
morning by shooting himself In the head.
The State Fish Commission will make a large
display of California came and commercial
food tish at the coming Home Industry Exposi
tion.
Gus Mooney, the well-known politician, was
arrested last night for threatening to kill
Thomas Carter, a saloon-keeper on Market
street.
Wesley T. Lewis was yesterday held to an
swer before the Puoerior Court by Judge Con-
Inn in .$20,000 bonds for assault upon Florence
Keady.
Every stockholder of the People's Home
Savings Bank who has not paid the full
amount on his shares will be sued by the board
of directors.
A special meeting of the Painters' Union will
be held Saturday evening for the purpose of
disciplining members who are guilty of break
ing the rules of the union.
The racing season closed at I.ngleside track
yesterday. The winning horses were: Red
Glen, Lady Heloise, Instigator, Ruinart, Hunts
man, ThornhiH and Summer Time.
Judge Hebbard declared Mrs. Dr. Thomas A.
Conntiiy sane yesterday, and intimated that
there was need of investigation of the reason
a was charged with insanity.
About 3000 people were present at the twen
ty-tifth annual outing of the Retail Grocers'
A.-S"fiation in Schuetzen Park yesterday, and
the occasion was thoroughly enjoyed by all.
Peter Ducey, who shot and killed his aunt,
Miss Kate McKeever at 917 Howard street on
May 27, was yesterday neld to answer before
the' Superior Court by Judge Low without
bonds.
The barkentine Samoan, formerly tae bark
Sharpshooter, which started for Australia
■with a cargo of wheat last Tuesday, returned
last night leaking slightly from a broken
drainpipe.
James B. Chase has entered suit against J. C.
Campbell for $16,905 61 and 7 per cent inter
est on same since June 15, 1891, when judg
ment was given Chase against Campbell for
thßt amount.
The Republican Executive Council met last
night and decided to hold a ratification meet
ing in conjunction with the County Committee
on the evening after the nomination by the
St. Louis convention.
Not content with having overdrawn its ap
propriations the Board of Health has sub
mitted a requisition for next year providing for
twenty-eight additional employes and over
$29,000 more for its salary list.
The hackmen's strike against the Pacific
Carriage Company is still on. The men are
confident, nowever, ol a complete victory be
fore this afternoon. They have three under
taking firms aud the riding public with them.
In the cross-examination of Detective Wood
in the Aehiey-Baldwin trial yesterday the de
tective stated that he hau deliberately misled
the plaintiff in order to secure from her evi
dence for Colonel Pope, whom she claimed had
ruined her.
A BUDLITH EXHADIT
A Large Display Will Be Made at the
Home Industry Fair.
One of the finest exhibits of game and
food fish ever seen on this coast will be
exhibited at the coming Home Products
Exposiiion, which is to be held in the fall
at the Mechanics' Pavilion. L. R. Mead
and 5. H. Tacy of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, recently had a
conversation with Deputy Fish Com
missioner BabcocK upon the subject of
making a fine piscatorial display, and Mr.
Babcock at once called the matter to the
attention ot Commissioner Emeric. Yes
terday Mr. Tacy received the following
from Mr. Emeric:
In confirmation o! the conversation had by
you and L. R. Mead this day with Mr. Babcock
in regard to an aquarium exhibit of fresh
water fish at the Home Products Exposition,
permit me to say that the Fish Commissioners
will collect, arrange and maintain in the
nquana belonging to the Mechanics'Jlnßtitute
a display of all the fresh- water food fish of the
State, and erect aud operate a small fish hatch
ery. • * * In tne proposed exhibit the
tx/ard will undertake to show all of the trout,
both native and acclimatized, Including the
Dolly Vardeu and the famous and beautiful
•i trout of Mount Whitney, a trout un
known to any other region of the world Also
salmon, big and little mouthed black bass,
peckerel, yel!ow perch, green sunfish, etc.
An aquarium collection such as we have out
lined, with its hatchery adjunct, should make
an attractive nucleus, around wnich coulo be
grouped an interesting and instructive ex
hibit pertaining to our commercitil fisheries.
The productions of the California fisheries are
valued at upward of $3,000,000 per year, and
it is certainly essential that this industry be
appropriately represented.
Mr. Tacy says that the Mechanics' In
stitute people are well pleased with the
proposition, and it is likely that the
Bquaria will be increased in number and
capacity. In connection therewith there
will be "fish canning and packing and a
number of men engaged in making fish
ing tackle for commercial and sporting
purposes.
ihe New Trademark.
The trademark committee of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association met yester
day and decided that the trademark adopted
by ihe body may be used by any member in
•rood standing. The application of the mem
ber who desires to brand his goods with the
association's seal will first be considered by a
SDecial committee. He must specify what
goods he desires to use the brand v pon, and
Inv violation of the compact will result in
the forfeiture of hia membership. The manu
facturer's name must be placed on the goods m
conjunction with the trademark • Tnese rales
are subject to change by the board of director!.
TABLES TURNED ON
VINING'S VASSALS
Conflict Over a Transfer
Leads to a Small
Riot.
THE PASSENGER BEATEN
An Outrage Culminating in the
Arrest of Conductor and
Motorman.
KEARNY STREET THE SCENE.
Hundreds of People Encourage a Man
Who Refused to Be Ejected From
an Electric Car.
Vining's obnoxious transfer system,
ably seconded by a couple of stalwart em
ployes of the Market-street Railway Com
pany, the latter beine slightly of a pugii-
A Test at Raising the Blairmore Yesterday Morning Proved a Thorough Success. The Port Bulwarks Were Raised Six Feet and if
Necessary the Vessel Could Have Been Put on an Even Reel. The Work Will Be Completed To-Day.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
iatic turn of mind, created quite a riot on
Kearny street yesterday afternoon. The
riot grew out of a conflict between a pas
senger and the gripman and conductor of
the car upon which the former was riding.
A large and angry crowd, angry at the in
dignities the passenger was forced to suf
fer before their eyes, followed the car and
added greatly to the excitement.
Henry Behnke, a man short of stature
but of solid mold, who resides st 601 Do
lores street, rode down Market street
shortly after 2 o'clock on a Castro-street
car. He took a transfer from the conductor
entitling him to a ride south on Third
street. Instead of going south, however,
he took car 1173, bound *north along
Kearny street.
"When the conductor approached he pro
duced his transfer, but was told by the
pugilistic faretaker that it was worthless
on lhat particular line. A second fare
was demanded, but Behnfce refused to pay i
it. Therefore Conductor Robert Henry ]
ordered the car stopped, and attempted to i
eject the non-acquiescing passenger.
iiehnte grasped the iron stanchion, but
was throttled by the conductor while the
motorman beat his hands and forced him
to let go his hold. A number of vicious i
blows were administered by the conductor '
upon tne man's face and body and he was
thrown prostrate on the pavement, and all
of this transpired before the policeman,
who made a tardy appearance, arrived on j
the scene of trouble. "If he had any defi
nite idea of his duty and any willingness
whatever to perform it the conducor and
motorrnan would have been promptly
marched to the station-house and placed
behind the bars.
If the passenger assaulted had resented
the treatment and blows that he received
and killed one of them a hundred people
could have truthfully testified that he was
acting in self-defense and that the killing
was justifiable.
After throwing Behnke to the pavement
the conductor and gripman released their
hold and again started on their journey.
Behnke arose quickly and boarded the
rear end of the car as it passed him.
It was again stopped, and he was again
dragged off by the two employes of the
railway company. He was quickly assisted
to his feet by ihe crowd, which by this
time had gathered to the number of 700 or
800, and again took his place on the rear
side step. The car could not start, as
some one had pulled the trolley-wheel off j
the wire. In the meantime Officer Ingils !
put in an appearance, and, after a short j
conversation with the employes, caught i
the man by the arm and attempted to pull
him from the carstep. Behnke held with
all his strength to the stanchion.
The conductor then came to the police- !
man's assistance and forced Behuke's
hands loose. The trolley was not in place
and before the car could be started the
man again got on amid the cheers of the
crowd, who spared no breath to denounc
ing the policeman. A dozen men, mer
chants and others from the vicinity,
entered a vigorous protest against the
policeman's action, with the result that he
stood entirely inactive. It was then that '
the final and most outrageous part of the !
scene was enacted. The passenger stood i
on the steps clasping the stanchion with
both hands.
The two-hundredth motorman went to
work on liis hands, while the conductor
climoed on his back and grabbing him
around the throat with both hands, throt
tled and tiirew him" again flat on his back
on the asphalt, and right at the feet of the
silent and motionless representative of tfie
law. Having him down, the conductor
proceeded at once to vent his anger in the
way of vicious blows in the face and over
the body of the prostrate and exhausted
man. A strong arm, however, soon seized
him and compelled him to desist. It was
not the policeman's, however, but that of
a bystander, whose sense of justice and
humanity was too strong to permit further
cruelty.
He pulled the conductor off and held on
to him as he attempted to climb back on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
the car, and called to the policeman to ar
rest the conductor and motorman.
This for a short time the officer refused
to do, but finally, noting the angry dem
onstrations of the crowd, concluded that it
was the only thing to do, and the ruffianly
conductor was led away to jail. After
some further delay the trolley wire was
readjusted, and the car, in charge of the
motorman, passed on.
The unfortunate victim of Vining's vil
lains, who still lay gasping from his in
juries in the street, was assisted to his feet
and led away by the gentleman .who had
interposed to save him from the con
ductor's brutality.
Mr. Lacey, an attorney, and Dr.
Lord went with him to the California
street police station to enter a charge
against the conductor, but that had
already been done.
Mr. Charles McCarthy, a plumber, who
resides near Broadway and Jones stree t,
assisted in placing the conductor under
arrest and preferred a charge of assault
and battery aeainst him.
Officer In^els stated, when asked why he
did not arrest the conductor when called
upon, that he did not see the man do any
thing but pull the man off the car; that
he saw no blows struck.
Other persons who witnessed the whole
affair insist, however, that Henry beat the
man with his fists after he had pulled him
from the car and as he lay in the street.
Many also insist that the motorman struck
him with his iron crank.
Mrs. Julia Key of 2220 Webster street
was on the car immediately behind, and
saw the best part of the trouble. She says
that the motorman struck Mr. Behnke with
his crank, and that the conductor beat him
as he lay on the ground. Officer Ingels
also states that it was as much as he could
do to keep the crowd from tramping on
the assaulted man as he lay in the street.
After somewhat recovering* from the
effects of the abuse to which he had been
subjected Behnke swore out a warrant for
the arrest of the motorman, Patrick Ma
honey. Mahoney was arrested late last
evening and detained at the Seventeenth-
street Police station on a charge of bat
tery. Subsequently both the conductor
and his ally, the motorman, were released
on giving bail for their appearance in the
sum of $500 in each case.
BOYS UNAWED BY LAW
They Continue to Traffic in
Transfers on the Public
Streets.
No Attempt Made to Interfere With
the Persistent Tormentors
of Vining.
Neither short-limit transfers nor the im
plied terrors of the new Dimond ordinance
has served to suppress the apparently in
corrigible newsboy.
The new law was in full force yesterday.
It makes it a misdemeanor to sell, give
away or in any way traffic in transfers
outsid 3of street-cars. It was read to the
police force before they went on duty, but
in view of the fact that transfers were
passed out to purchasers of newspapers as
freely as before, and in some cases right
under the nose and eyes of a policeman,
the guardians of the peace had apparently
forgotten all about its existence and the
act which it made a misdemeanor.
Early in the day the juvenile tormentors
of Mr. Vining were exceedingly cautious
in asking for and giving the transfers,
but toward evening they plied the pro
scribed traffic pretty much as of yore.
Inquiry among them elicited the infor
mation that their revenues had not suf
fered, and that'no attempt had been made
to interfere with them either by police
officers or by employes of the Market-street
Company. j
It was also learned that instead of ad
hering to the five-minute limit, transfers
were punched so as to give passengers be
tween ten and fifteen minutes to make
their connections.
« • •
899 75 to Washington, D. C. , and Return.
The official excursion to the fifteenth
annual convention of the Young People's
Society Christian Endeavor at Washing
ton, D. C, July 7, will leave Los Angeles
Monday, June 29, at 2 p. m. and San Fran
cisco Tuesday, June 30. at 7 a. m. The
route will be via the Central Pacific, Union
Pacific, Chicago and Northwestern, and
Baltimore and Ohio ra.lways, and the
excursion will be made under the personal
Rnpervision of G. W. Campbell, president
of the California Christian Endeavor
Union, 18 North Second street, San Jose,
and William G. Alexander, ex-president
of the California Christian Endeavor
Union, 21 North Fourth street, San Jose.
For further information and reservation of
berths apply to either of the gentlemen or
to D. W. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
San Francisco; C. E. Bray. 2 New Mont
gomery street, San Francisco ; G. F. Herr.
223 South Spring street, Los Angeles, or to
any ticket agent of the Southern Pacific
Company.
Fortieth District In Line.
The Loyal Republican Club of the Fortieth
District met last evening at Coakley's Hall.
Great enthusiasm was manifested, a large
number signed the roll. The meeting was a
great success.
The officers elected to take charge of the
coming campaign are: George R. Fletcher,
president; Joseph Laid, first vice-president; J.
Forsythe, second vice-president George
Magoonis. recording secretary; Joseph Pres
ton, financial secretary and Edward Meadies,
sergeant-at-arms. ■
«—« — • — «
Quill toothpicks, as a rule, are Imported
from France. The largest factory in the
world is near Paris, where 20,000,000 are
annually produced.
HOISTING HER UP
INCH BY INCH.
Successful Attempt to Raise
the Blairmore Made
at Daybreak.
IT ALL WORKED WELL.
When Six Feet Had Been Gained
Operations Ceased for
the Day.
PORT BULWARKS OUT OF WATER
Another Attempt to Get the Hull Into
Shallow Water Will Be
Made To-Day.
After months of patient toil the efforts
to raise the sunken British ship Blairmore
are being crowned with success. Yesterday
morning she was six feet nearer the perpen-
dicular than the night before, and this
morning, if the hopes of the men at work
on her are realized, she will be in shallow
•water and on an even keel. The decks
will then be above water and the hatches
will be removed.
Then will begin the gruesome task of
searching tor the dead bodies that were
entombed in the hold of ihe ship. Coffins
will be in readiness and the remains will
be at once sent to the Morgue.
At 3:30 a. m. yesterday everybody on
the wrecker Whitelaw and schooner Cata
lina were hard at work. On the wrecker
the compressed air machine was got ready
and on the schooner steam was got up in
the donkey boiler. The tanks resting on I
the superstructure erected over the hull of
the sunken ship were examined, and then
Captain Burns, who represents Lloyds, j
and Captain Whitelaw of the wrecker
made a personal inspection of everything
to make sure that no hitch would occur.
Precisely at 5 a. m. the work of filling the
tanks began. It was quite a while, how
ever, before the weight of water had any
perceptible effect upon the sunken hull,
and both the captains began to get nerv
ous. Failure meant much to them, as
all their carefully laid plans would have
been for naught and a new start would
have had to be made.
'Tnc first move of the ship was almost
imperceptible, but nevertheless it w;ts
there. At 5:30 A. M. Captain Burns ex
claimed exultantly: "She is coming!"
and sure enough she was. Slowly, inch
by mcii, the tanks of water overcame the
suction of the mud and ooze and by 6 a. m.
the port bulwarks of the ship, including
the port lighthouse and the port anchor
were above water. It was not the inten
tion to get the vessel on an even keel yes
terday, so work was stopped and several
of the tanks were emptied. The others
that are full will prevent the hull from
sinking back into its original position.
Early this morning everything will be in
readiness for the final effort and Captains
Burns and Whitelaw are confident of suc
cess.
Inshore near the Union Iron Works
very heavy moorings have been laid, and
from these to the Whitelaw a long steel
cable has been laid. One end of the cable
will be fixed to the Blairmore and the |
other .will pas through the Whitelaw |
hawsepipe and thence to the winch. A j
tug will stand by in readiness, and when j
the signal is given she will pull on the j
sunken ship. The tanks will then be rilled I
and Then the Blairmore has raised on to
her bilge she will be rushed into shallow
water. Then she will be p"ut on an even
keel without any trouble.
In talking about the matter yesterday
morning, Captain Burns said: "Our ex
periment has turned out to be a success,
and I think we will now have no trouble
in raising the Blairmore. The hull is air
tight, and when the compressed air is
pumped into her I think she will come
up. Had it not been for the fire-hose used
around the hull by the divers, I don't
think we would ever have got the vessel
up. The force of water sent down throueh
the hose had cleared away over 250 tons of
mud and Blush and thus in a great meas
ure released the hull. Everything is now
in perfect working order, and our next
attempt will tell the tale."
The Roof Will Be Artificial Stone.
The City Hall Commissioners, after hearing
M. C. Hinkiu and Martin Hughes of the Metal
Roofers' Association, who contended that the
permanent roof of the hall should be oon-
Btructed of metal, and Jacob Stahle, who was
as sure that a slate roof was the only one tiiat
would give satisfaction, decided yesterday to
leave the matter in the hands of Architect
Shea, who is known to favor an artificial stone
covering. Mr. Shea is now preparing plans
and specifications for an artificial stone roof.
VETERAN FIREMEN MEET.
They Hold a Memorable Sension In
Their Headquarters.
A meeting of the Veteran Volunteer
Firemen's Association was held at its hall
last evening. Several new members were
j elected. A handsomely framed portrait of
the queen of the late Healdsburg fiesta,
Miss Alice Haigh, was received as a pres
ent from herself by the firemen with great
applause, and the queen was unanimously
elected an honorary member of the asso
ciation.
0. H. Keys, one of the members, pre
sented the association with a handsomely
engraved solid silver trumpet. Secretary
Scollay read a budget of invitations from
the surrounding towns to parade with
them on July 4, but on being put to a vote
it was decided to roll the old engine with
the San Francisco parade.
C. SCHEURER SUICIDES.
The Popular Tailor Take* His Life
Vi hile Despondent.
Christian Scheurer, a tailor, committed
suicide yesterday morning shortly after 11
o'clock by shooting himself in the head
with a 38-caliber revolver. The shooting
was done in a room in the rear of his store,
at 147 Fourth street.
Mr. Bcheurer was a Mason and a mem
ber of several German societies and be
longed to the Veterans of the National
Guard.
No cause whatever is assigned for the
act except that he was accustomed to
periodical spells of despondency. He pos
sessed a host of friends, all of whom pro
nounced him to be a congenial compan
ion, a good father and a faithful friend.
He had been a resident of this City for
twenty-five or thirty years and he leaves a
daughter and a son.
SOCIALISTIC LECTURES.
The Socialist Labor Party Arranges for
a Campaign.
Liberty branch of the Socialist Labor
party has projected arrangements for a
series of lectures on social and economic
subjects during the coming months as a
prelude to efforts of the speakers and can
didates of the Socialist party during the
coining campaign. ; :v
An active committee has been at work
for some time past under the direction of
the propaganda committee, and at an ez
ecutive meeting of the latter body Sunday
afternoon at the Temple, 115 Turk street,
it was decided to continue the educational
mass-meetings that have been conducted
under the auspices of Liberty branch for
the past year every Wednesday night for
the luture until the campaign is over. The
main hall of the Temple has been engaged
for the purposj. Sunday's meeting was
held for the purpose of selecting available
speakers and lecturers on sociology.
The committee has invited a number of
able speakers and writers, including repre
sentative churchmen, populists and single
taxers to address socialistic audiences.
Secretary Theodore Lynch was author
ized to communicate with the following
speakers and to report their acceptance to
■ the next meeting of the propaganda com
mittee:
Professor Bernard Moses, State University;
Professor H. H. Powers, Stanford University;
Rabbi Voorsanger, James Andrew, P. Ross Mar
tin, Dr. Jerome Anderson, George Aspden,
Theodore Lynch, Leo Gasser, Arthur H. San
born, Henry iWarnecke, Professor Monteith,
Green Majors, James W. Rose, Viss Jane A.
Roulston, A. H. Appel, ' Arnold W. Liechti,
George Barnaby, Frank J. Murasky, Rev. Mr.
Goodenough and Laurence Gronlund.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
Rolls of Ribbon
I
The Ribbon Counter is a wealth of color and
and artistic weaving. All the new 1896 warp
prints, surface prints, Dresden effects — the highest
conceptions of art in ribbon making.
There are a thousand uses for ribbon, and this
season it is everywhere the vouge. If you're buy- ,
ing a Summer dress, don't forget the added charm
> of a judicious use of ribbon.
We bought this stock late in the season, at a
late-in-the-season price. A few items will show
how we. are selling.it. .
jSI.I I BOTH STOnES:
At I 2' 2 c a Yard. At 20c a Yard.
iy 2 -INCH ALL-SILK WARP PRINT RIB- 354-INCH ALL-SILK SURFACE PRINTS*
BON, that was 25c. The very latest Dres- . that were ->oc. Not many uses for wider
- den effects and Floral colorings. . ribbon.
At 15c a Yard. At 25c a Yard.
2%-INCH ALL-SILK SURFACE PRINTS; 3y a -INCH ALL-SILK WARP PRINTS,
25c a yard regularly, and actually worth that were 60c. Beautiful colors, Dresden
that. effects.
KOHL.BERG, STRAUSS
& FRO MAN,
107-109 POST STREET— and— l22O-1224 MARKET STREET.
HACKMEN GAIN
PARTIAL VICTORY
They Want, However, All
They Demand or
Nothing.
THE STRIKE IS STILL ON
They Believe That Things Will
Be Settled Before This
Afternoon.
HAVE A STRONG COMBINATION
Three Undertaking Firms and the En
tire Riding Public Ride With
Them.
The hackmen's strike is still on. The
Pacific Carriage Company has already
made certain concessions, but not enough
to satisfy the men, who have insisted on
their old schedule of wages. Since Monday
evening at 5 o'clock when O. S. Carvill an
nounced that the wages of the men had
been reduced from $1 50 to $1 25 per day,
the strike has been in full swing, but it
has been a courteous swing withal — a
strike that is remarkable for the passive
resolution on the part of the men and a
determination not to give in until they
accomplished what they believed they
deserved.
Tuesday night H. P. Suhr, representing
the three undertaking establishments, in
terviewed the proprietors of the Pacific
Carriage Company. The exact words that
were passed in that interview are not
known, but within a few minutes after Mr.
Suhr left the company's office the men
were informed by Mr. Carvill that the
original rate of wages would be paid.
That is $1 50 per day. When this was' an
nounced the boys sent up three cheers for
the undertakers and the riding public in
general. They believed at this time that
they had scored a complete victory.
Yesterday the fact leaked out that while
the Pacific Carriage Company manage
ment had agreed to maintain the old wage
rate they did so with the intention of not
employing the three men who had taken
an active lead in the strike. These men
are William Shrewsbury, Charles E.
Edsbere and George H. Allen.
In the meantime several of the men,
believing the strike off, had gone bank to
the company and agreed to drive hacks
during the day and last night. When the
news, however, reached the ears of the
men regarding the condition of debarring
the three leaders, the strike was imme
diately declared on again and all that had
originally struck determined to stand with
the three men and not go back until they
were reinstalled in their former positions.
Yesterday afternoon the three undertak
ing firms— H. F. Suhr & Co., H. C. Porter
<fe Co. and McGinn Bros. — were interviewed
by the strikers, and all signified their in
tention of remaining solid with them.
This is the present situation: The Pa
cific Carriage Comi>any on one siie, the
twenty strikers on the other backed by a
strong petition signed by forty-one names
of prominent citizens heretofore patrons
of the company, and backed also by the
undertaking establishments. The bone of
contention is no longer the reduction of
wages, but the debarment of three men.
The petition reads as follows:
2V> the Pacific Carriage Company: We, the
undersigned, patrons ot the Pacific Carriage
> uinpaiir, do hereby agree to refrain from
patronizing saiil company's coupes and car
riages, also from ringing-iu the i?an Francisco
District Telegraph Company's boxes for the
said company's coupes and carriages, provided
the contemplated reduction In wages takes
place. Knowing it is impossible to secure re
liable drivers for less wages, having had deal
ings with said company for a number ot years
and always received courteous and satisfactory
treatment from said company's drivers we pre
sent this petition to show our appreciation for
said services. Hoping this petition may be
deemed satisfactory, we remain, yours respect
fully.
Hereto are appended forty-one names.
Mr. Carvill said yesterday: "Owing to
the dullness of the times we were forced
to either cut down the wages of the men
or to discharge a few and send out a
smaller number of carriages. Rather than
have some of the men idle we chose the
former plan of cutting down all the men
25 cents per day. The earnings of each
hack now are not sufficient to keep the
hacKS in repair and feed the horses, to say
nothing of paying the men. There *are
four men whom we will not reinstate on
any condition whatever; we have had
enough of them. We wanted to favor the
men and would have after the times picked
up a little gone back to the original sched
ule of wages. This is no striKe. We have
simply discharged a lew men."
Charles E. Edsberg, as spokesman for the
men, said: "Had the firm come to the
men and offered them a square deal, say
ing that business was dull and that "it
would be necessary for the men to take
one day off a weet, or to reduce the num
ber of coupes, there would have been no
strike whatever, and the men would have
gone along with their business, but we
fee! that we have been treated shabbily in
the matter, because two years ago there
was a reduction made of 15 cents a day
on the men's wages, and this has never
been raised, although we wera promised
it would be."
Three men have gone back to the com
pany, but the remainder stand steadfast
with those who have been tabooed by the
company. The hackmen are confident
that they will be given a complete victory
before this afternoon; in fact, they cannot
see how their combination can be beaten.
Xiantlc Parlor Election.
Niantic Parlor Xo. 105, N. S. G. W., elected
officers Tuesday evening for the ensuing term
as follows: Finley Cook, president: W. E.
Carroll. F. F. Siircander and Joseph C. Freese,
rice-presidents; E. C. Hawkins, treasurer; J.
F. Eggert, recording secretary; A. W. Borchers,
financial secretary; J. H. Wallace, marshal; T.
G. Bridger, trustee; G. W. Clark, H. Damkroe
ger and G. W. Driscoll, surgeons. The fore
going results were finally reached after one of
the hottest contests in the history of the par
lor. Thb successful candidates banqueted the
members of the parlor at a downtown rotisserie
at the close of the meeting. There were sev
enty-five brothers present.
The Sondernp Case Postponed.
The Sonderup inquest will go over until to
morrow. Mrs. Marie PonJerup, wife of the de
ceased, appeared before Judge Wallace yester
day and obtnined a writ of prohibition pre
venting further inquiry until the day named.
The case was set for 9 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, and on the failure of Dr. Kuhlman to ap
pear, the Coroner swore out h warrant for his
arrest on a charge ot contempt. The action of
Mrs. Sonderup, however, releases Dr. Kuhlman
from contempt proceedings until to-morrow.
NEW TO-I>AT— AMUSEMENTS.
rRICDLAnDtR.C-OrTU)O«* &■ uihja.lo ruwMUJ—
WHILE I , DOING
WE M'LK.NDIDLT
ARE I WITH
BROTHER JOHN
As Presented by the >
!E Il i*a,x^7-l©y Company.
DON'T FO GET THAT TO-DAY THE
SALE OF SEATS BEGINS FOR
"THE CHARITY BALL,"
THE GREATEST OF THEM ALL,
ON MONDAY NEXT.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
i — " £ [TO-NIGHT I
BaldwiN &
I |WATI\KK SAT.
Instantaneous and Unequivocal success!
The Distinguished comedian,
TST-aLi 1 O. GOOD-WIN 1
And His superb Company
In an Klaborate Production of -■; -■ "■■
"IN 3VEX2SS&OTT:FL~<9k.!"
By Augustus '1 homas, i^sq., Author of "Alabama."
£3* A sterling and Wholesome Play
of intense interest and brilliant comedy.
Next *Veek-"A GILUED FOOL."
AT THE NEXT
CALIFORNIA MONDAY NIGHT,
Star Cast DRAMATIC STOCK CO.,
Under the direction of L. R. stock well,
Presenting the Latest Lyceum Theater Success,
"THE HOME SECRETARY."
■>eats Keady To-day.
Prices— lsc. 25c, 35c. 50c, 75c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS. hßA'iuiTixt; Kkki.ino, Proprietor & .Maniac
EVERY EVENING.
Of Pellinger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera
LiOPIIR.^-IlsrE]
"A STORY OF COURT. AND CAMP."
An Operatic Triumph Equal to "Nanon"
or "31ikado."
STIRIiIXG FINALtS!
Beautiful Numbers! Superb Knsemblea!
GREAT CAST;
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
LOOK OUT FOR —
. "THE TRIP TO THE MOON 1"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOU
The Handsomest Family Theater In Am
WAiTEK MOROaCQ. Sola Lessee and V
THIS EVENING AT KTOH
INITIAL PRODUCTION IN THIS I
Of Frank Harvey's Latest Succes .
BROTHER AGAIXST BRUT.
An Interestlnc Story of To-day,
Full of Action. Humor and Pathos
•Evkjttn<» Pru-ji-«— 2sc ana "5T3.
Family Circle and Uallerr. 10&
Usual MaliiieoH Saturday ami Sum
O'FarreH Street, Between Stockton and PoweiL
Week Commencing Monday, June <th,
A GIJEAT B LL OF NOVELTIES!
Edison's Latest Wonder, The
VITASOOPE !
Marvel of the 19th Century.
HAVES and POST. . I.MA HKKZOQ,
TH MARIMBA PL AYKKS.
: 24 ALL STAR ARTISTS 34
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, lOo; Opera Chain
and Box seats. 50c.
GROVER'S ALCAZAR.
OPENING OF THE AMY LEE SfaASON.
SATURDAY. June 13, MATINEE and NIGHT.
AMY LEE FIANK DOANE
.AND THE NEW COMPANY
In the Great Comedy Drama Success,
"THE LITTLE DETECTIVE!"
Prices, lOc. 15c, 25c, 35c, and sOc.
fIATIXEKS WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY A\»SUXDAT!
PRICES-1O , 15c and 25c
jjt3" Sale of Scats Commences To-day.
fBIEDIANDEireOTTI.OBac 0 .. LESSEES a aunajui
FKIUAY NIGHT JUNE 1 2TH,
Testimonial Tendered to
MISS MARGARET CRAVEN. — —
Grand Production of
"FROU-FROU."
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'*.
to-night-Last chance to see
MISS JERRY."
. Alexander Black's Picture Play.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
MISS DON M. CANS, VOCALIST.
PRICES-25C, sOc and 75c.
Reserved Seats at Sherman* Clay & Co.'s.
BEAUTIFUL SOUVEN tK3 FOR THE LADIES,
SUTRO_BATHS.
Grand Aquatic and Athletic Exhibition !
CANOE RACE!
Tub and Float Racing. Australian TOM THUMB,
the Famous Water Clown, Saturday and Sun-
day Afternoon and veiling. June 13 and 14. :
Grand Electric Display Every Evening.
GENEKAL ..ADMISSION—
Adults, 10c Children, sc.
THE CHUTES!
ONLY OPEN SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
AFTERNOONS AND bVEKINiiS until
■ • completion of Improvements.
Sunday, Balloon Ascension* Afternoon
■ ... and Evening by George Weston.
PACIFIC COAST .
JOCKEY CLUB
(lnglegide Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Town-
Bend streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:13 p. X.
Fare for round trip, including admission 10 graai
stand, 1. - Take Mission -street electric lino direoi
to track. *
A. B. SPRECKELSb W. & LEA
rreiideui. B*cr«tM* .
78
HIGH JINKS AT
THE HIGH SCHOOL
Some Youthful " New "
Women Make Clever
Orations.
BOYS SEVERELY SCORED.
The Girls Give Many Reasons
Against Their Admis
sion.
REEL DANCED BY THE FACULTY
Novel Entertainment Which Brought
Considerable Talent to the
Front.
The graduating class of '96 held high
revel in the Girls' High School yesterday
afternoon. The Board of Education had
forbidden elaborate graduating exercises,
but the girls, metaphorically speaking,
snapped their fingers at the board and
showed unmistakably that it would take
more than a few mere men to put a veto
on their enjoyment.
The entertainment had been named a
high jinks, and if frolic and noise and
originality constitute a jinks the girls
held one yesterday.
The faculty had been bidden to be pres
ent, bat for once the girls were the pre
ceptors and the teachers waited inquir
ingly to learn what was to happen next.
The graduating class of '9ti consists of
between eighty and ninety girl 3, but there
were 150 present, for every one who had
ever attended the class durinjr its three
years' course had been invited, and even
the girls who had moved away into the
interior towns responded to the call.
By 1 o'clock every one was in the build
incc, the doors were locked and the jinks
were given over to the care of four little
mothers, who ably fulfilled the duties
usually discharged" by sires. They were
Janette Newman. Lillian Nathan, Edith
Carpenter and Estella Shirek. By com
mand of these young ladies every one
ussemblei in t ; e chemistry-room, where,
ranged tier upon tier, the* girls prepared
themselves to make all the noise that 150
pairs of strong youn : hands and lungs
aided by whistles and rattles could niase.
The tyrant man had been carefully ex
cluded, the only exception to this rule be
ing in favor of Principal Elisha Brooks,
who had to sit by and hear his sex alluded
to with a flippancy, not to say derision,
which would have been palling if, as the
professor afterward gracefully expressed j
it. he had "been a boy."
The exercises opened with a grand de- !
bate. "Shall Boys Be Admitted to the
Hign School?' and before it was over the
ears of every boy in town must have been
tingling. Mamie Voorsanger and the
members of the faculty present acted as!
arbitrators, and the noise with which this
announcement was greeted would have
put a university football match to shame.
Adrienne Cerf opened the debate, when '
quiet had been restored, by pointing out the !
idvantages which would follow the admis- I
lof uoys. "They think they rule the |
l, but they would soon be taught that {
o not. They could poiish the black
and clean up the tubes in the
try class, and how much better it
be if the girls had something on j
i lavish their superfluous reflne
>lary Mooney took issue with the
:ig orator on all the above points, j
nted out that girls who clamor for
iiasium should turn their muscle to
nt by cleaning their own tubes and
boards. For her part she would scorn j
a boy's help. Besides any one who j
acquainted with the nature of boys \
t be aware that they never I
t anvthinc clean, not excepting |
,'ir own faces. It was not until
c end of her oration that this young lady
aye a peep behind her mask of a "new"
*oman by saying: "Don't let them in, for
the more they see of us the less they will
think of us. Distance always lends en
chantment."
Miss Katherine Gorham made a clever
speeci), pleading that it was the girls'
duty to admit the boys out of a sen.se of
pity. Miss Amy Cookson scorned the idea
of boys being admitted on any grounds !
and said that as for letting tnem in to
scrub blackboards, she believed that God
helped those who help themselves. Miss
Letitia Rountree pleaded for the boys.
"We should feel basbfulness at the
thought that there is a man in our midst,
but lihink that crisis would soon pass.
My opponent said that God helps tnose
who l:elp themselves, but she forgot to
quote 'Bear ye one another's burdens.'
The boys would learn t;iat it is not well
for man to be alone, and this would help
them in after life."
Myrtle Hodson shuddered at the idea of
sharing the school with rough, half-grown
boys, and she prayed that in her day at
least it might never happen. Mamie
Voorsanger said: "What a great disad
vantage, what an awful calamity, the ad
mission of boys would be. We have three
male preceptors already. Could boys do
more tl an they have done? We do not
leel the need of more boys." Miss Voor
saneer asked pathetically if boys should
be allowed to play in their garden and
trample down their flowers, and she con
cluded with: "Shall we, tlje rising Shaws
and Anthonys of San Francisco, allow
boys to trample on our rights?"
Miss Abenheim took a strone stand in
favor of the ruling sex. S?he said admis
sion to the high school would bring out
the boys' chivalry, and she ventured to
predict they would build the girls a gym
nasium. "As tor me 1 give my hand and
my heart to this cause. Girls, will you
join me?" The oratory had all been ac
companied by the most enthusiastic
demonstrations from the house, but the
young orators who spoke extempore and
with remarkable ease and fluency, h;td
not been at all embarrassed by the noise.
Ar. the conclusion of the debate a verdict
was clamored for, and Principal Brooks,
after expressing thankfulness that he was
not a boy, decided that any boy who
dared to enter the school should be
drowned in the fishpond. Mrs. Pray,
speaking for the lady teachers, pro
nounced the debate a tie.
After the oratorical duel the girls under
took a pilgrimage of the school in a pay
proces.-ion, sinking a parody on "March
ing Through Georgia. They visited the
various classrooms, in each of which one
of the following young ladies made a
brief address: Georgie Hawkins, Tilda
Richards, Chnstobel Sobey, EL. el Hants.
Irene Lowe and Helen Louter, who made
ihe address in the studio, wlicre the girls
pelted Professor Goldstein, who was dis
covered there, with flowers.
After the pilgrimage a halt was called
for refreshments, which consisted of ice
cream, cake, lenioimde and candy. The
frirls then declared that a Virginia* reel by
i he faculty was the next item on the pro
gramme, and they all assembled on the
platform of the big hall and applauded
while tbe following teachers good-natur
edly complied with their wishes:
Professor E. Brooks, Miss Nellie Owens, Mrs.
Mary Mayborn, Miss Mary l'rag. Miss Louise
Nmjut Howard, Miss Frances Hodgitiiison,
Miss Katharine Wilson and Miss Mary T.
Bragg.
The reel over, the girls took a solemn
pledge to meet again and have jinks next
year. "Auld Lang Syne" was sung, and
the afternoon ended in dancing.
The following young ladies comprise the
graduating class:
Augusta Abenheim, Marguerite Ames, Car
rie Ayres, Jennie Beach, Helen Bernard, Olive
Blackinar, Evelyn hliely, Miunie Boucher,
Lottie Brand, Helen Bninner. Eva Busch,
Edith Carpenter, Rose Casassa, Virginia Cas
sidy, Adrienne Cerf, Alice Chalmers, Kather
ine Chambers, Ina Coffin, Amy Cookson, Annie
Coulter, Grace Critcher, Lutia Crosette,
Blanche Curry, Jeanette Doyle, Alice Duffy,
May Dwyer, Amanda Ebert, Gertrude Feather
stone, Louise Fifield, Jean Fraser. Agnes Gal
lagher, Alice Gilbert, Estelle Goodman, Cath
erine "jorham. Hilda Green, Lilian Grlgsby,
Maude Haas, Edith Harris, Georgia Hawkins,
belle Heiamenway, Marguerite Hewett. Anna
IliMebrandt, Maude Hodson, Myrtle Hodson,
Katherine Hogan, Eleanor Kempston, Emma
Koch, Leta Kohimoos, Hilda Kosminsky, Nellie
Lamout, Mabel Lcary, Elizabeth Leggett, Mary
Siangan. Alice Marsh, Bis3le Martin, Rose Mc-
Cormick, Janette McDevitt, Dora Mcininger,
May Mooney, Llllie Nathan, Eugenic Xeppert,
Janettc Newman, May Nolan, Edith Olmstead,
Charlotte Parks. Rose Regan, Matilda Richard,
Alice Rooney, Lettie Rountree, Alice Russell,
Florence Sankey, Lillie Schnitzer, Hilda
Schweitzer, Stella Shlrek, Laura Simon,
Christabel Sobey, Florence Sollnian, Edith
Stadtteld, Bessie Staehli, Pearl Stroud, Lillian
Suich, Lizzie Sullivan, Annie Tietgen.Gertmde
Tobin, Elizabeth Vincent, Maruie Voorsanger,
Emily Wiegand, Mabel Williams, Elizabeth
Zihn.
PROFITS OF STREET WORK.
J. W. Smith Suing His Partners for an
Accounting.
A Buit for dissolution of partnership and
an accounting was yesterday brought
against George M. Perine and R. C. Mat
tingly by J. W. Smith. The firm was
formed April 25, 1895, for the purpose of
doing street-contracting work.
Ttiey secured a contract with the City
for work to be done on Mission street, for
which they have already received $50,000,
and have $18,000 worth of work yet on
hand. Smith says that the defendants
were each to furnish one-half the money
needed to fulfill their contract and that
they have overcharged the account no less
than $20,000 for the purpose of defrauding
him. As Mattingly keeps the books and
Periue manages the business, Smith wants
to know where he comes in.
'1 he Superintendent of Streets asses?ed
the Mission-street property-owners $69,
-236 71 for the work done under Perine,
Smith & Mattingly's contract, but Smith
says ttiat the actual cost ot it was less than
$45,000. As he claims to have received bui
$140 from the firm since its inception
Smith asKs that his partners be restrained
from making any further collections until
an accounting can be had.
THE PEOPLE`S BANK CASES
They Will Be Tried Before
Judge Seawell on
June 18.
Fred S. Stratton Suggests That All
the Stockholders of the Concern
Be Sued.
The suit of the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company against the defunct
People's Home Savings Bank was called in
Judge Seawell's court yesterday, but was
laid over until the ISth.
John F. Sheehan, the manager, and sev
eral of the directors of the bank were
present and wanted the trial to go on.
General Sheehan. in particular, seemed
vexed at the delay, and said that he waß
very anxious for an early trial, because it
had been charged that the defense was de
laying matters. "The fact is," said he,
t "that in almost every instunce, including
: the present one, the continuance has been
l granted at the request of plaintiff's attor
i neys.
"It has been charged that the five cases
| against the stocknclders have been delayed
because we do not want the bank's money
collected. On the contrary, everything
has been done Dy us to bring matters to a
speedy termination."
Sbeehan produced a letter from Frei
8. Stratton, the bank's representative,
which stated that in addition to the five
suits against the original subscribers to
stock there are two classes of stockholders
whose defenses are not involved in those
suits. One class is those who by assien
! raent and purchase hare succeeded to
| ownership of certain shares of stock and
i the other is composed of those who, in
| anticipation of the calling in of the unpaid
i subscriptions and in anticipation of the in
solvency of the bank, made assignment to
irresponsible persons, from whom it would
be impossible to collect judgments.
Suils ought, therefore, to be brought
against all the stockholders of every class,
Mr. Stratton suggests. He also says that
test cases might with advantage be made,
provided the stipulation iB made that the
other defendants abide by the decisions in
the test cases^
A CROWDED CALENDAR
Justice Field on the Cases in
the United States Supreme
Court.
He Refuses to Discuss Politics or Na
tional Finances— The Big Irri
gation Cases.
Justice Stephen J. Field of the United j '
States Supreme Court had many callers at
his rooms at the Palace yesterday. The
Justice and his family occupy suit 190 on
the first floor, New Montgomery-street <
side.
Among the callers were Judges Me- :
Renna and Morrow of the United States j
Circuit and District Courts. The veteran j
attorney, John Garber, also called and paid j i
his respects, as did many others.
In an interview the Justice said that the
only business that had called him to Cali
fornia was the improvement of his ailing
knee. He will stay here a few days, so he
said, and then go to Paso Robles. '
As to the decisions in the big irrigation !
cases which were some time since tried, !
Judge Field said he did not know when j '
they would be rendered. They had been j '
argued and submitted, and that was all | '
that could now be stated. '
He said that the calendar of the United '
Btates Supreme Court was very crowded,
and that while the law passed some years (
ago creating various United States courts | '
of appeals had given some relief, it was '
nevertheless a fact that the calendar was
still heavily loaded. 1
Judge .bield refused to discuss the finan- '
cial situation, money as a political factor, '
or politics in any way. He said that j 1
while he had not come to attend court, it 1
was possible, if necessary, that he would
appear on the bench here in an isolated i
case or two. ]
. The distinguished Judge does not look 1
ac all strong. ■ *
Vining'a Man Held for Trial.
Charles E. Singer, conductor on the Mission
electric line, appeared before Judge Low yes
terday afternoon for his preliminary exami
nation upon the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. The complaining witness was
David Keating, a laborer, who accused Singer
of striking him on the head with his bell
punch and cutting his scalp on May 27. The
Judge held Singer to answer beiore the Su
perior Court in $500 bonds.
Guilty of AflHauli.
Charle6 Scopesi, who recently took a shot at
his wife and then tried to kill her by beating
her over the head with a revolver, was yester
day found guilty of assault to murder by Judge
Belcher.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
BANNER CLUB OF
THE THIRTY-NINTH
Over One Thousand Repub*
licans Enrolled in This
District.
CONTINUOUS EXISTENCE
Majority of Six Hundred Votes
Can Be Depended On for
Good Government.
NAMES OF THE OFFICERS.
It Will Be of Material Assistance to
the Party in the Coming
Campaign.
The members of tbe Thirty-ninth
Assembly Republican Club takes addi
tional pride in their organization fiom the
Principal Officers of the Thirty-Ninth Assembly Kepublican Club.
[Drawn from photographs.]
fart that it is the banner Republican dis
trict of the City.
While other Assembly Districts have to
battle for a victory the Thirty-ninth can
elect its Assemblymen with from 600 to 800
of a majority on every occasion. And
besides this handsome percentage to their
credit they also are credited with having
the most popular as also the most influen
tial business men in the City,
Situate in that fashionable district of
San Francisco bounded by Van Ness
avenue on the west, Jones on the East,
Sacramento on the north and Market on
the south, it may be inferred that the
claims of the members of this club are not
over-estimated in the strength and in
fluence as a Republican organization.
The fact that club members have kept
ud a continuous existence in and out of
political season tends to gain for it a
recognized standing from the party man
agers that is never disputed or Bet aside
when representation is asked for within
tbe bounds and limits of party lines.
The Republican County Committee has
had the good fortune of having constantly
had able and conscientious representatives
from this district. Such men as Maurice
L. Asher, Frank D. Worth and A. A.
Louderback need no credentials of re
spectability and good executive judgment
when called upon in consultation with I
their fellow Republican citizens to lay
down lines upon which the success of a
campaign depends. Such are the men
who have b.en entrusted from time to
time with the destinies of the district in
the County Committee for a number of
years.
The present County Committeeman of
this district, A. A. Louderback, has no su
perior in the City in political sagacity
and executive ability in party delibera
tions and general campaign work, and his j
judgment and counsel are at all times so- !
licited when the real issues are at stake.
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District Re
publican Club has kept up a continuous
existence during the past twelve years.
For the preceding two years John J. Sulli
van had been its president and prior to
that time Amos Currier ruled over its de
liberations.
Tne enrolling book shows a membership
of over 1000 energetic and loyal Republi
cans. With a well-filled treasury the club
is in splendid condition to enter the com
ing race for political honors. Its present
officers are all well-known, representative
men in the district. They were elected to
office at the annual election, which was |
held in the month of January. They are:
President, John Gilson; first vice-president,
Charles 11. Jackson; secretary, William J. Iler
rin; treasurer, Thomas Morion, and rinancial
secretary, Dave Reynold*.
Under the constitution of the club, each
precinct is entitled to one vice-president.
These vice-presidents constitute the exec
utive committee. In compliance with this
provision, the following vice-presidents
were elected and hold office:
Charles EL Jackson, Harvey Burdell, Ben
jamin Duncan, William T. Kibbler, David
Forester, John J. Sullivan, Gus Hartman, T. I
H. McCarthy, Maurice L. Asher, H. W. Mathews,
Ueorge B. Mackrett, Oscar Tolle, Benjamin H.
Patrick, Frank D.Worth, Sol Miller, H. W. Hut
ton and C. W. Brown.
The club meets on the first Tuesday of
every month, at Saratoga Hall, on Geary
street, between Hyde and Larkin. But as
soon as the campaign opens weekly meet
ings will be held and Republicanism will
not be asleep in the banner district of San
Francisco.
To Honor the Flag.
In view of the fact that next Sunday will be
the one hundred and nineteenth anniversary
of the adoption by Congress of the stars and
stripes as the National flag it was resolved at
the last meeting of the Sequoia Chapter of the
Daughters of tbe American Revolution to re
quest that in celebration of this important
event in the history of the country that tho
flag be raised on all public buildings of this
City on Saturday. Also that the residents of
this City be requested to display the National
colors.
A NAVAL DRILL.
M«n From the Philadelphia Will Give
an Exhibition at Golden
Gate Park.
Tbe men from the United States cruiser
Philadelphia and two companies of the
Naval Battalion are to give an exhibition
drill in Golden Gate Park next Saturday
that will be worth going miles to see. It
will begin at 3p. M. and will last for over
an hour.
The men from the cruiser will land at
the Clay-street wharf and march to Mar
ket street. Six open cars will be waiting
for them, and by 2:10 p. m. they will be
under way. The band will be in the first
car and the procession is sure to create a
good deal of excitement along the line.
The battalion will be commanded by Lieu
tenant-Commander R. R. Ingersoll, Cap
tain Dickens, United States Marine Corps,
Lieutenants Winter-halter and Holcomb
and Ensigns Coontz and Hayward, while
tne Naval Reserve will be under command
of Lieutenant-Commander L. H. Turner.
The first exercises will consist of bat
talion drill in columns of company, sec
tions and company squares and marching
battalion front; second, street-riot drill
for the battalion ; third, evolutions in bat
talion squares; fourtn, battalion bayonet
exhibition; fifth, physical drill with arms
to music.
This last movement was inaugurated in
the Philadelphia by Lieutenant-Com
mander Ingersoll, and has only been seen
once or twice on the Pacific Coast and
never before in San Francisco. It is par
ticularly graceful and, as the men are
magnificently drilled, it is sure to be the
success of the day. All the men will be
dressed in white and there will be 240 all
told in the cruiser's battalion.
•—• — • — •
STATE DEVELOPMENT.
The General Committee Will Soon Send
Out Its Topographical Maps.
The executive committee of the State
Development Committee held its regular
monthly meeting yesterday, and Chair
man Bunker reviewed the progress during
the last month and outlined the projects
for the immediate future. He stated that
the committee had collected and compiled,
at considerable trouble and expense, lists
comprising 100,000 names of Eastern bank
ers, lawyers, real estate dealers, merch
ants, teachers, farmers and others to
whom to mail topographical maps as soon
as off the pre^s. The Alameda County
committee has already sent in an order
for the first installment of the 100,000
maps wanted by that county, and the
presses are now at work on them, each
map having to undergo five impressions
to bring.out the six colors.
To facilitate folding, wrapping and
mailing, it waa decided to have them
struck off in lots of 10,000, wrappers for
which are ready and now being addressed.
Letters have been re ceived irom several
Eastern newspapers, one — the Clinton
(Wis.) Herald — asking for maps to offer
as premiums for new subscribers, and
another — the Sauk Rapids (Minn.) Sen
tinel — requesting enough maps to inclose
with an entire edition.
The secretary's report showed that funds
are coming in satisfactorily. It was also
reported that local development associa
tions, to co-operate with the general com
mittee, have been permanently organized
in Hayward, Alameda county, and New
castle, Placer county, and preliminary
steps for such organization taken in Selma,
Gridley, Bakersfield, Santa Cruz, Ventura
and other places. The committee has re
ceived a letter from B. B. Collier of Nash
ville, Term., manager of the Nashville Ex
position, in which he says:
As you, no doubt, know, we are going to
nave a centennial celebration here, beginning
the Ist of May, 1897, and running six month.-.
If you will make a display of California prod
ucts, I will look after the same for you without
cost.
The committee will lay the matter be
fore its com mitt eemen in the various
counties, asking them to prepare suitable
exhibits, and suggesting that they be dis
played not only during the centennial, but
left there in competent hands as a perma
nent feature to interest the people of the
South.
The proposition of making a special
feature of the maps of San Francisco was
also discussed. The suggestion of having
a large map of the city on the reverse side
was favorably received. If the demand
will warrant it the committee will print
300,000 maps for San Francisco county.
♦ ♦ — •
THE BLYTHE COMPANY.
The Supreme Court Decides It Has No
Legal -tan ding.
The Supreme Court has decided that tne
Blythe Company has outlitigated , itself
and has no further legal standing. A peti
tion tiled by the Blythe Company for a
writ of mandate to compel Judge Coffey to
settle a bill of ' exceptions on appeal from
an order of distribution in favor of Flor
ence Blythe-Hinckley was yesterday de
nied by the Supreme "Court on the ground
mentioned. , ; ' .
&cied the Stato.
John W. Denning has sued the State of Cali
fornia for $20,500 damages for injuries sus
tained while employed as a night deckhand on
the towboat of the Harbor Commissioners in
the Bay of San Francisco. Denning says he
fell and injured his spine while ascending a
defective ladder on the towboat to place a
signal light in position.
REFUSED TO HEAR
MORE TESTIMONY
Mrs. Dr. Connolly Declared
Sane by Judge Heb
bard.
THE CASE LOOKED QUEER
His Honor Intimates That the
Charge Was Known to
Be False.
HAD HER HUSBAND ARRESTED.
The Woman Declares That the Doctor
Is Trying to Get Her Out of
the Way.
Judge Hebbard of tbe Superior Court
put a peremptory stop to an insanity trial
in his court yesterday with an order and
air that indicated that he was not satisfied
that the charge was brought in good faith.
Mrs. Kate Connolly, the wife of Dr.
Thomas Connolly, a physician residing at
Fourth and Bryant streets, was charged
by her husband with being violently in
sane and dangerous to be at large.
Dr. Connolly was recently arrested on
his wife's complaint on a charge of battery.
The courtroom was crowded with wit-
nesses for both sides, the husband being
the principal one against the wife, the lat
ter being supported by her mother and nu
merous friends.
The strongest accusation Dr. Connolly ap
peared to be able to bring against his wife
was that she used violent language at
times, drank beer occasionally and was
careless about leaving matches and kero
sene about the house. The only other
witness on the husband's side who was ex
amined was C. M. Johnson, who testified
that he had formerly lodged in the home
of the Connollys and that at one time
when the doctor was sick she had paid lit
tle attention to him. He had seen Mrs.
Connolly drink beer, but could not say
that he had ever seen her intoxicated.
Mrs. Connolly's defense opened by the
calling of her mother, Mrs. O'Connell, who
caused much amusement by a heated
tirade against her daughter's husband,
which even the Judge's admonitions were
unable to stop. She described Dr. Con
nolly as a most cruel man, and seemed
much disgusted when Judge Hebbaid
ordered her to leave the witness-stand
without describing the particular cruelties
to which she referred.
Tne defendant was the most collected
and self-possessed of any of those connected
with the case, and answered the questions
propounded to her in a perfectly rational
manner. She stated that she had been
married to Dr. Connolly lor eight years,
and was the mother of seven children,
four being alive, and the oldest 4l£ years.
Her husband beat and bruised her shame
fully, she said, and a short time previous
to the birth of her last child had thrown
her to the floor and kicked her in the ribs.
She had been compelled to flee to her
mother for safety.
Her answers were given in a low, clear
voice, quite different than that usually
used by maniacs.
'•That's enough. I don't want to hear
any more testimony," said Judge Heb
bard, when she had finished her tale of
woe. "This woman is perfectly sane and
it seems strange that she should have
been brought here on such a charge. It
appears to me that there is something here
that needs investigation. Madam, you
may go home."
He turned as though to address the hus
band, but that worthy was already on his
way out of the courtroom and Judge Heb
bard's withering glance fell on his back.
Mrs. Connolly aaid after her trial that
she was being persecuted by her husband
because she had had him arrested on Sat
urday last on a charge of battery for turn
ing the garden-hose on her and otherwise
making her life miserable.
"He popes to get me out of the way,"
she said, "bufc he will not succeed now
that Judge Hebbard has given me my lib
erty and i shall prosecute the case against
him in the Police Court to the last limit."
THIN BLUE POLICE LINE
More Officers Are Needed for
the Unlighted Suburban
Blocks.
Street Lamps Wanted Along the
Line of the Sutro Electric
Railway.
Richmond District and Presidio Heights
are asking for more police protection.
George R. Sanderson, president of the Pre
sidio Heights Improvement Club, stated
yesterday that so thin is the force in his
locality that one officer must circle around
thirty blocks.
"Our two officers|are walkers," said Mr.
Sanderson yesterday, "but when the po
liceman is fifteen blocks away what pro
tection have you?
"We also want a new schoolhouse, as
there are now a large number of children
around the Heights and the nearest
pchools are too far away. Improvement?
Our improvement club has nothing to do
with the federated clubs and does not be
lieve that a federation of clubs will do the
work. Each club can best labor for its
own locality."
Attorney Charles Hubbs of the Rich
mond District Property-owners' Associa-
j tion stated yesterday that the people of
his locality had asked for tbe establish
ment of a police station in the district.
"Some time ago we were told," said he,
I "that if we would provide a suitable
j building a sufficient number of officers
! would be detailed to man the new station
• just as soon as it could be done. It is not
true that we are opposed to an increase of
the force or that the present force is in
efficient. This growing City needs ma
I provements all along the line, and no club
I has been more progressive than the Ricn-
I mond Property-owners' Association. It
has worked alone tor the benefit of the
locality. It brought about the anti-ceme
tery ordinance, which makes it a misde
meanor to sell any more buiial lots within
the City limits.
"Tbe association does not intend to join
the federated clubs, as it can work for the
district best by appealing directly to the
governing boards. Understand, we have
no criticism for the federated clubs; we
simply feel that we can work better as we
are. The Point Lobos Improvement Club
is a part of the federated clubs.
"There is another thing* that should be
attended to, and that is the placing of
electric street lights along Clement street.
West of Twelfth avenue that thorough
fare is dark as a pocket at night. The
motormen of the Sutro road, which rushes
along Clement street, are unable in tbe
darkness to see the would-be passengers
standing by the tracks."
Rev. Mr. Clapham, recently from Los
Gatos, has been appointed to St. James
Episcopal Mission on Clement street, be
tween Fifth and Sixth avenues. He will
preach his first sermon next Sunday.
In The Call of Monday it was intimated
that George F. Fletcher of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club had expressed himself
as being indenendent of the federated
clubs, when It should have been Charles
Hubbs of the other Richmond district
improvement association.
NEW TO-DAY.
One as good
as another*
It is easy to say that
one preparation is as
good as another, and it
is easy to waste money
by buying something
you know nothing
about — and receiving
no benefit* When the
body is weak and you
want to give it strength,
when health is failing,
what wisdom is there
in experimenting with
a substitute, when for
a few cents more you
can buy the original
article? For more than
twenty years Scott's
Emulsion has been the
standard God-liver Oil
emulsion* It contains
more pure Norwegian
Cod-liver Oil than any
other emulsion in the
world, and will stand
the test of time as
being a perfect, insep-
arable emulsion* You
can't afford to take a
substitute for it* j
The delights of cycling are
enhanced by owning a thor-
oughly high-grade wheel. Such
a wheel is the PIERCE. Every
detail perfect. Easy running.
STYLISH AND GRACEFUL.
$100 and $75.
One of our many models will
suit you. Call or write for
catalogue.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOI,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market * Beale st <, 223 J Street,
SAN RAN CISCO. SACRAMENTO. ;
GOODWILL JT AUCTION.
I will gelt to the highest bidder for cash the
Goodwill of the General Machinery and Commis-
sion business formerly conducted by H. V. '
Gregory & Co. (a corporation), Kos. 46 and 48
Fremont street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, on
SATURDAY.
Saturday..... June 13, 1896,
At 12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
EABTO>' ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 MARKET ST.,
In said city, county and State.
TYLER HENSHAW, Trustee.
EASTON ELDRIDGE <tCO., Auctioneers,
638 Market street.
$250,000
Hnßfl&SHfl^nH Bin I intlntl'Sl' 1 ! I l '" 1
I' — coupons inside each 4-ounce
bag. Buy a bag, read the coupon,
and see how to get your share.
"DON'T BORROW TROUBLE." BUY
SAPOLIO
'TIS CHEAPER IN THE END.
NEW TO-DAY. _ ._•
' r n_"'" "^^
737.
This lucky Number Proves to
Be the Mascot of Thou-
sands.
Why It Is So— What Has Been Ac-
complished in Connection
■ 1 With 737-
You may reject all belief in omens.as they
are often "founded upon superstition, but
the simple number of 737 may have much
to do in the shaping of your future happi-
ness ami final destiny. The secret of this
lucky number is not revealed to you in
dreumbooks, nor can you glean it from
the stars. You must look for it in another
direction. You can see thousands of men
and women in every grade and condition
] of life who pin their faith to this number
I and build their hopes upon it. The
| affluent banker, the eminent lawyer, the
pious clergyman, the sturdy mechanic,
I the sun-burnt farmer, the dashing broker,
the hardy miner, all elbow each other in
their eagerness to reach their Mecca.
! 737.
The vast throng who continue to daily
I seek this number do so in quest of happi-
! ness, with which they have not always
; been blessed. Perhaps you. yourself, have
1 not. Possibly you have been foolish in
I your younger days or indiscreet in after
years and now suffer the evil effects of it.
While you may be afflicted with no acute
disease, yet you are conscious of the fact
that something is wrong with you. You feel
that you are nervous and irritable. You
; feel that your thoughts and ideas are dull
and often become confused. You feel that
your sleep is bad, unrefreshing and some-
j times disturbed by weakening dreams.
i You feel that your energy and ambition
are gone. You feel that you are unfit for
i study, business or the proper enjoyment
! of either married or single life. You there-
fore meet with repeated failures and from
the depths of your gloom and mortifica-
tion you cry out that fate is against you,
never thinking that
737
Market street, San Francisco, holds the
key to your health, happiness and future
success. There, at this well-known num-
ber, you will find Dr. F. L. Sweany,
who is acknowledged to be the greatest
living authority on the treatment of
all chronic ailments of the human
system. His specialty embraces not
only every form of nervous, sexual and
private diseases, but he addresses himself
in particular to diseases of the eye, ear,
heod, throat, lung?, heart, stomach, liver,
bladder, kidneys and urinary organs. He
also effects a radical cure in the shortest
possible time of piles, rupture, varicocele,
hydrocele, gleet, gonorrhoea, syphilis and
kindred troubles. Female , complaints,
which make miserable the lives of a large
portion of the American women, receive
careful attention and perfect cures from
Dr. Sweany. If you are discouraged,
down-hearted or pain-tortured by any of
these or similar diseases and desire to get
rid of them and be restored to sound,
healthy manhood and womanhood, then
737
Solves the problem. Go to that number
this day. Don't fool away any more time
and money dosing with patent medicines
and other cheap remedies mat will do you
no permanent good, but put yourself
under the skillful, scientific treatment of
Dr. Sweany, whom you know will cure
you. He has brought about -brilliant
results in apparently hopeless cases, in
proof of which be has thousands of
genuine testimonials for private exhibi-
tion in his office. If you cannot call upon
Dr. Sweany describe to him, fully and
frankly, your troubles by letter*. He will
then understand your condition . thor-
oughly and tell you candidly whether or
not he can treat you successfully at your
own home by correspondence and by
medicines sent. In this manner he con-
tinues to cure cases in all parts of the
country. The doctor's offices are now, as
they have been for many years past and
always will be in the future, located at 737
Market st., opposite the Examiner office,
San Francisco, Cal. His hours for con-
sultation and treatment are from 9 to 12
a. m., 2to 5 and 7to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10
to 12 a. M. only. Having received the
benefit of this great physician's treatment
you will never forget the talismanio
number.
737.
B9 H m
uTu^Vfl||*V)ro Tnroat, Pimples, Copper {3
!')|flA"fE lUU colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.
MlUlcers In Month. Hair-Falling! AVrtto COOK 31
j9|HEM£I)Y CO., 007 Masonic Temple, M
x? Chicago, 111., for proofs of ceres. Capt-|iM
£ j tul, 8500,000. Worst cues cured In ISB
jg to 8& days. 100-page book fttt. XjCALIFORNIA STATE REPUBLICAN DELEGATION TO THE NATIONAL CONVENTION AT ST. LOUIS.
HAPPY SEND-OFF
TO THE DELEGATES
Banquet Sentiments at the
Union League
Club.
GUESTS AND ORATORS.
McKinley and Protection the
Campaign Slogan of
Success.
GREAT LEADERS CHEERED.
California Republicans Will Stand by
the Platform of the Conven
tion.
Republican delegates from California to
the St. Louis National Convention re
ceived a happy send-off by the Union
League last night. The good wishes of
the club were expressed by a banquet
spread in the conservatory of the Palace
Hotel. Tbe tables were arranged in the
form of an elongated horseshoe. At one
end of the room a banner bearing tbe de
vice, ••California-St. Louis, 1896," was ex
hibited. The lettering of tbe motto was
wrought in blended gold and silver. At
ihe other end of the room the National
flag was displayed.
The guests and members of the club took
their places shortly after 7 o'clock. Atthe
head of the table sat General S. W. Backus, i
On one side sat George A. Knight and
on the other Jacob Neff. Near the nead of '
tie table were Judg^ McFarland, Frank J
McLaughlin, Charies M Shortridge, Her- j
vey Lindley, Paris KLourn, P. B. Corn- j
wall. E. C. Voorheis, Tnomas Flint, George |
Stone, M. K. Higgins and Frank D. Ryan. I
General Backus, in calling the guests to <
attention, announced that as the presi- J
dent of the club was a guesi, another
member had been called on to preside, and j <
that one was himself. It was thought i
best, said the general, that some recogni- I t
tion should be given to the delegation !
from California to the National Conven- j
tion. He closed by calling on George A.
Knight, delegate-at-large, to respond.
Mr. Knight said he hardly knew what
to say, being the only delegate-at-large
present. Talking to you as friends in a
quiet way, I can say that we have some
dangers to avoid. The delegates that go
from here must be in touch with the coun
try east of the Missouri River, where most
of the people live. We cannot go there
and say that we won't play unless Califor
nia is recognized. Personally lam an ad
vocate of the free and unlimited coinage i
of American silver. If the convention j
dissents from my position I shall not go I
off and form a party by myself. [Cheers.] i
Mr. Knight said there was no question j
about the nomination of William McKin
ley. He will be nominated. [Cheers.]
Speaking of California and the party in ;
this State Mr. Knight said men of wealth,
of character and clean purposes had given i
their service to the party and if mistakes
had been made they were mistakes of tbe j
head and not of the Heart. The party was
in excellent form and the delegates were
going to St. Louis animated by a desire to
to do the best possible for the advance- j
raent of the Republican party of the
Nation.
Judge Carpenter, responding to a senti
ment that Kentucky would go Republican
this year, said he did expect the Solid
South to be broken this year. He was not
going to St. Louis, as it was too great a j
distance to travel to attend a ratification j
meeting. McKinley would be nominated, !
but a platform must be made.
Judge Carpenter then spoke of the grave !
responsibility that devolved UDon the con- j
vention. I think when you get to St. Louis ]
and look over the situation you will agree :
on the money prescribed by the constitu- I
tion. gold and silver. [Cneers.l
The American Protective Association
was incidentally mentioned by the j
speaker, who recounted the patriotism, j
courage and character of such Americans j
as Lincoln, Chase and Grant, and said j
their example should guide Republicans. .
He spoke of idle factories, prostrated in- I
dustries, and said such a condition of
affairs could not have been brought about
by a Republican administration. Make
protection to American labor the keystone
of the arch, and then prosperity will fol
low.
To the delegates I say good luck and
God-speed. Now let them give us McKin
ley and protection, and we will win.
The chairman, referring to illustrious
Presidents of t.ie Republican party, called
upon Henry C. Dibble to respond.
Mr. Dibble said he had been observing
the attitude of the Democratic party. He
spoke of th^ Democratic party as one of
resistence. The party was in no sense
constructive, yet it did absurdly talk of !
constructing a financial system for this j
country. He reviewed the work of the j
Republican Presidents and remarked that
the convention at St. Louis would name
the next President. The candidate would
be like the little fighting Monitor— a
double-enoer— Bill McKinley and McKin
ley bill.
General Backus called on Frank L.
Coombs of Napa, ex-United States Min
ister to Japan. Mr. Coombs observed that
the Republican party was the party of th
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
whole Nation, and he trusted that tMe
platform-makers of St. Louis would recog- ,
nize that fact. There is one proposition
On which the American people are in i
earnest, and that is the proposition that i
with McKinley on a platiorm of protec
tion Republicans can win this battle. Let |
us therefore devote ourselves to that j
principle of government which gives us j
strength and prosperity.
Chairman Backus said the South was
coming to the fr i nt, and from the south
ern part of the State comes Henry Hervey.
Mr. Lindley said he had the honor of |
being selected chairman of the Republican j
delegation to St. Louis, aid one of the :
conditions of his selection was that lie
should not talk. He paid a tribute to the
talking qualities of George A. Knieht,
Samuel Shortridge, Frank Shorb and Dan
Cole and created some merriment. In \
closing Mr. Lindley said Republicans
conld be assured that they would get in ;
this campaign McKinley and protection i
and victory.
Tirey L. Ford, from Northern Califor- I
nia, said that from the limited observa- j
lion that he had the opportunity of mak
ing while East, there was a possibility
that California would not set just what she j
expects at St. Louis; but with one voice
California will find the Eastern States
shouting for protection. "One thing im
presses itself on my mind. Thorough or
ganization will frequently win against
larger numbers inefficiently organized.
We' must be careful; we must organize |
and be vigilant." He referred to the mas
ter campaign managed by Quay in 1888,
when Harrison was elected. In San Fan
cisco Republicans should not sleep. Or- \
ganization should be perfect. At the head j
of tbe State organization we have the j
magnetic leader, Frank McLaughlin. |
[Cheers.J
The guests cheered for McLaughlin, and
called on him spontaneously to speak.
He responded briefly, promising to work
vigilantly for the success of the party.
Charles M .Shortri'lge was next intro
duced by General Backus. Mr. Short
ridge presented the regrets of John D.
Spreckels, who could not attend. The
speaker paid, his compliments to Judge I
Carpenter as'one of the grandest of Re
publican orators. Referring to his own
Republicanism he said he was born in
lowa, and recently while there saw that
grand old statesman, Allison [Cheers.],
who had served the party so honorably
and nobly for forty yearß. "1 nnnly
thought that if I had the choice 1 would
name Allison for President. Now I am a
Republican in season and out season— in
defeat and success. [Cheers.] I remember
when our great leader, Blame, was de
feated. Mr. Shortridge referred eloquently
to the organizing genius of many great
Republican leaders, and mentioned Matt j
Quay of Pennsylvania as the high priest of
organization.
"I recognize that the decision of the |
American people is for McKinley and I am
a Republican ready to join in the great Mc-
Kinley ratification meeting at St. Louis. I
like to get with Republicans and speak of
victory. I am glad to hear that distin
guished statesmen are recopnized here
this evening. Hereto-night we have the
able and ready old-time Republican, Jacob
Neff."
Mr. Shortriiige paid a line tribute to the
executive ability of Frank McLaughlin,
and made such a rincing and captivating
address throughout thit he was cheered
and toasted as the orator of the Republi
can press of California. The audience
arose and gave him a rousing ovation.
General Backus observed humorously
that the great men of California were
either colonels or orators, and Mr. Short
ridge was not a colonel.
Frank D. Ryan of Sacramento eulogized
the Republican party, tracing the history
of its achievement:;, its services to human
ity and freedom. He touched the tinnn
ciul question by saying that the Republi
can party had demonstrated its capacity
to deal with that problem. The enforce
ment of the principle of protection would
do much to solve the money question.
J. C. Lynch, candidate for Lieutenant-
Governor, spoke next, and promised to do
his share of the work ahead. He was con
fident of Republican success under the
banner of McKiniev and protection.
Jacob Neff of Placer was the next
speaker. The audience drank his health,
and Mr. Neff made a brief speech. His
heart had been touched by the fire of
oratory. He was not insensible to tbe
obligation devolving upon him as a dele
gate to the St. Louis Convention. He
held Cleveland and tue Democratic party
responsible for the idle factories, the un
employed men and tbe stagnation in this
country to-day. He said: "Let us go to
Ht. Louis with this slogan: McKinley,
Protection and Victory !"
Following is a list of the guests and club
members that attended the banquet:
Guests— George Stone, Frank D. Ryan, W. W.
Montague, Henry I. Kowaisky, httn T. Cole,
Charles M. Belshaw, \V. H. McKitiriok, Allen
H. Lcmmou, Frank A. Miller, Frank 11. Short,
E. C. Vonrheis, Hervey Lindley, William Cluff,
A. H. HockheinuT, D. E. Knight, W. K. Pond,
.1 . M. (ilenves, George A. Knight, F. I. Flint nnd
D. K. McMullin.
Members— Will E. Fisher, Paris Kilburn,
Cornelius O'Connor, Tirey L. Ford, K. B. Car
penter, George H. Pippy, Thomas V. O'Brien,
K. C. Hughes. T. B. McFarland, C. S. Lau
meister, Frank A. Vail, Frank McLaufthlin,
J. H. Giesting, George 3. IMcknall, F. p.
Hooper, John Haynes, Chnrlos McDougall,
F. J. Sherwood, William S. Weils, C. H. Lead
better Jr., James A. Waymire, George W. Root,
Thomas Flint Jr.. L. H. Clement, C. H. Phillips,
Frank L. Coomb.*, W. K. Cole, H. Z. O*
borne, W. S. Duval, A. E. Castle,
L. P. Reichling, Henry C. Dibble, R. P.
Thomas, E. C Palmieri, J. C. Currier,
J. Simouson, William L. Cole, Harry N. Gray,
M. cooney, C. F. Basse tt, H. G. Dinkelspiel, j.
W. Davis, A. W. Spear, S. W. Dennis, Reed
Jones, John M. Wright, J. A. Stephens, F. S.
Chadbourne, William Sexton, Willjam M. Ln\v
lor, Irving M. Scoti, John W. Carmany, George
Dunlap, K. C. God/rev, William H. H. Hart, J.
J.Crawford, J. H. O'Brien, John V. .Sheehan,
B X Thornton. J. C. Lynch, M. J. Wrtirht, P.
15. Cornwall, J. H. Jennings, T. E. Newlin,
William Forsyth, John M. Chretien, W. B.
Hamilton, W. A. DinnerioM, M. R. Higgins,
Ju<l C. Brusie, Robert Effey and Charles M.
Shortridge. .
Theater Parties at the Columbia.
It is said that nearly as many theater parties
have already been made up for next Monday
night at the Columbia Theater as attended the
opening night with the Frawley Company.
There Is a grea. deal of interest centered in
w"-*e*flin« the initial performance ot this or
p «n :aiion, as Walter Clarke Beilows is mak
ii. laborate preparations to surpass the first
production which he put on tne stage of the
Lyceum Theater, New York.
U.S. GRANT JR. FOR
VICE-PRESIDENT
George A. Knight Will
Place Him in Nomi
nation
AT SACRAMENTO TO-DAY.
The Orator Is Under No Obliga
tions to M. H. de
Young.
FREE TO VOTE AND SPEAK.
McKinley Club at the Capital City
Preparing to Make a Great
Demonstration.
The start for St. Louis by the delegates
will be made to-day at 10 o'clock a. m.
from the ferry station, loot of Market
street. The special train will go by the
Central Pacific, Denver and Rio Grande
and Burlington line?.
There is to be a great reception to the
delegates at Sacramento to-day. The Mc-
Kinley Club, headed by a band of music,
will be at the depot when the train arrives
and car -platform speeches will be the
order of the hour.
It is expected that George A. Knight
will sDeak.and the impression is strong
that he will speak his mind freely.
Mr. Knight was asked yesterday if he
favored IE. H. de Young for Vice-Presi
dent, and in reply said:
••In my speech to-morrow at Sacramento
I snail declare my choice for Vice-Presi
dent to be U. S. Grant, Jr. of California. I
will speak my sentiments freely on the
question. There is no reason why I should
support De Young. I am under no obli
gations to him politically or financially.
I pay my rent for the rooms I occupy in
his building, and I am not bound up in
the slightest degree to make his fight for
any position whatever."
Hervey Lindley insißts that Colonel Fred
■■-... 9
KEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
CLEARANCE BARGAINS
FOR
THIS DAY'S TRADE
• ■• • ■ - , • . .
. , — ; - .
To-day we select a variety of lines FOR CLEARANCE and
offer them at the following
STARTLING CUTS IN PRICES !
■
BLACK DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT!
t
At 23 Cents.
30 pieces ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT SERGE, 50 inches wide, regular price 50c, will be
offered at 25c a yard.
At &S Cents.
30 pieces FIGURED ALPACA, 37 inches wide, regular price 50c, will be offered at 25c
a yard. < ,
SILK DEPARTMENT!
At 35 Cents.
2000 yards STRIPED AND BROCADED SIL.KS, in evening shades, regular price $1.
will be offered at 35c a yard.
COLORED DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT!
A.t 12! 2 ' Cents.
50 pieces CHECKS, FIGURES AND DIAGONALS, regular price 25c, will be offered
at 12><c a yard. ; - ! ".
At 4O Cents.
100 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH, regular price $1, will be offered
at 40c a yard.
GLOVE DEPARTMENT!
At 73 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' KID GLOVES, four button, all sizes, good value for $1 25, will be
offered at 75c a pair. - .
CORSET DEPARTMENT!
At GO Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' BLACK AND DRAB CORSETS, regular price $1, will be placed
on sale at 60c a pair. -
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT !
At IS Cents.
200 dozen MISSES' RIBBED HOSE, regular price 25c, will be offered at 15c a pair.
GENTS' FURNISHING DEPARTMENT!
At 12! , Cents.
200 dozen WINDSOR SCARFS, regular price 25c, will be offered at 12^c each.
At SO Cents.
100 dozen GRAY MERINO SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, regular price 85c, will be of-
fered at 50c each.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
At Half Price.
5000 IMPORTED CAPES will be offered at $1 15. *1 25, $1 50, $2 00, $2 50. $3 00, $3 50,
$4 00, $5 00, $6 00, $7 50 and $8 50. These goods are offered at half price.
LADIES' WAISTS!
___t 45 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy striped and figured percale, reg-
ular price 90c, will be offered at 45c each.
DRESDEN RIBBONS
At 2O Cents. ;- .
No. 30 ALL-SILK TAFFETA SILK RIBBONS, in Dresden patterns, value 35c, will
be offered at 20c a yard.
At SO Cents.
5-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBONS, value 85c, will be offered at 50c a yard.
' LACE DEPARTMENT !
__t S Cents tx ~_r«tx*<3..
BUTTER AND LINEN SHADE IRISH POINT LACES, regular price 15c, reduced to
5c a yard.
LADIES' SUITS! -
At 83.90. .
200 dozen LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Blazer Jacket and lined Skirt, in black, navy
and tan cheviot, worth $7 50, will be closed out at $3 90 each.
/ M/W-***^ MURPHY BUILDING}, /
(/(/ Market Street, comer of Joins, /
0 A-ror TT^AKroiaco.
Grant and not U. S. Grant Jr. is the pro
posed candidate for Vice-President, and
says that the people in this region of the
State are astray on the proposition. The
Grant boom was initiated by Colonel Otis
of Los Angeles, and the correspondence on
the subject refers to Colonel Fred Grant of
New York.
tor many years George A. Knight has
been reearded as one of Mr. De Young's
greatest admirers and strongest political
supporters. The orator who has roused
many conventions to enthusiasm is known
as one of the most independent and out
spoken of public men in this State.
Frank McGowan of Humboldt County,
an able Republican, who has long served the
State in the Senate, and looked ahead for
Congressional honors, is now ready to be
sent to Congress, provided the voters
in his district are ready, but the am
bition on the part of McGowan uoes not
seem to meet De Young's approval. It
happens that McGowan and Knight have
been life-long friends, and the latter is not
at all pleased with the far-away and lofty
attitude of De Young in this affair.
RATIFY THE NOMINATION
Enthusiastic Meeting of the Re
publican Executive
Council.
They Will Act in Conjunction With
the County Committee and Show
Their Strength.
The Republican Executive Council held
an enthusiastic meeting in Judge Dainger
field's courtroom last night at which the
presidents of the district clubs were in
vited to be present. Fifteen out of the
eighteen responded, besides T. B. Morton,
president of the African- American League,
and Mrs. Addie L. Ballou, president of the
Woman's State Central Republican Club.
In the absence of Judge M. Cooney,
president of the club, H. C. Firebaugh oc
cupied the chair.
The meeting was called to receive a re
port from Judge Cooney, T. B. Morton
and John A. Whiteside, the committee
appointed to confer with the County Com
mittee and State Central Committee as to
holding a ratification meeting after the
nomination of President by the St. Louis
convention.
T. F». Morton reported that the commit
> tee had waited upon the County and State
Central committees, and the president of
the former had sent a communication to
Assistant Secretary S. M. Williams, giving
the result of their action.
Major Whiteside read the communica
tion, which stated that, the County Com
mittee had met yesterday afternoon and
decided to noUl a ratification meeting, but
had not yet made any arrangements. The
council would, however, be notified in
time.
T. B. Morton raised a storm by stating
that all the ratification meetings through
out the State were to be held under the
auspices of the County committees on the
evening after the nomination at St. Louis.
James E. Field, 1. E. .Tarrett, E. J. Mar
tin, George Elder, Mrs. Ballou and others
protested vigorously against the County
Committee taking the power out of the
hands of the Republican Executive
Council, which was a State organization
and not merely a county one. They urged
that the council should hold a ratification
meeting irrespective of the County Com
mittee, which they considered had cast an
undeserved snub upon them. They must
not go on losing ground, but must make
an effort to prove their strength.
George Elder moved that a committee of
three be appointed to arrange for a suit
able hall to hold a ratification meeting
under the auspices of the Executive
Council.
Chairman Firebangh appealed for har
mony and urged in accoraance with true
Republican principles that they unite with
the County Committee.
Finally George Elder withdrew his mo
tion and moved that the communication
be received and placed on file, which was
adopted.
T. B. Morton moved that the council
ratify the nomination on the night follow
ing, and James E. Field moved as an
amendment that the council hold a ratifi
cation meeting in conjunction with the
County Committee.
Oscar Tolle suggested that a committee
of five be appointed to wait upon the
County Committee to make arrangements
for the ratification meeting.
After some discussion L. B. Leavitt
moved as an amendment to the amend
ment that the committee of three be con
tinued and that the council hold a ratifica
tion meeting in conjunction with the
County Committee.
The amendment to the amendment, the
amendment and the motion were carried
unanimously and a motion of George Elder
that the secretary be instructed to notify
each president of the clubs that tfie ratifica
tion meeting was to be held the night after
the nomination and asking them to call the
club together; also that each member wear
a ribbon with "Executive council" on it.
James E. Field was appointed grand
marshal. The appointment of marshals
was left to the clubs and the meeting ad
journed till Monday night in the same
place.
»—» — ♦ — •
An ice marriage took place last winter
in Holland. The couple were married on
the frozen Zuyder Zee, the ceremony being
followed by a dunce on skates.
910
SHARKEY GETS
DOWN TO WORK
Says He Will Make This
the Fight of His Life
Against Corbett.
WILL NOT RUN AWAY.
Members of the Civic Federation
Say They Will Try to
Stop the Mill.
DILLE AND TRUMAN TALK.
Manager Grcom of the Nationals Says
It Is an Exhibition Within
the Pale of the Law.
Tom Sharkey made a dive for the hand
ball before it got out of bounds in the
Acme Athletic Club gymnasium in Oak
land while training yesterday afternoon.
He lunged too hard, missed the ball and
collided with a red-headed youth who sat
on a rail in the front row of spectators.
The youth went over backward with
Sharkey on top and struck his red heaa on
an iron plate screwed on the floor. The
voune man saw red stars. The iron plate
raised a bump on the back of his head not
any bigger than the monse that Sharkey
says he'll try to raise under one of Jim
Corbett's eyes in their approaching four
round battle.
The sailor lad paused a little while dur
ing the training and, while Tim McGrath,
one of the trainers who is assistant to
Needham, wiped tte perspiration from his
face and brawny shoulders and chest,
talked a little abput the right:
"No, 1 haven't outlined my plan of battle
yet," he said. "It is too early. lam just
getting down to work and there is plenty
of time to think about that. But you can
say that Corbett will know I've been before
him; he'll be aware that I am in the rin«:,
all right enough. I'll not run away— don't
you ever think that."-
This is the most that Sharkey has said
about the coming contest to date, except
to his trainers and most intimate friends.
He is a silent fellow and talks very little
as a rule, even to Needham. There is a
vast difference between a trained talker
and a trained fighter. Sharkey is the lat
ter aad not one particle the former. He
smiles once in a whiie, and talks even less.
He seems to be looking on the serious side
of the panorama of the prize-ring most of
the time.
From the way they started in yesterday
it is evident that Needham is going to give
bharkey plenty of training. Needham
said:
"Tom is going to make the fierht of his
life with Corbett. I intend to get him into
fine condition, and the rest remains chiefly
with him then. Sharkey is improving
right along since his first fi^ht with
Choynski. Anybody who saw him then
and will loofc at him now can see the
change for the better. He has improved
a great deal, and I think ie will keep on
improving. He gets around better, and is_
not a bit aiow for orfe of his weight."
Little Tim McGrath, the chief rubdown
artist for Sharkey, said yesterday: "Tom
is such a quiet fellow that you can't tell
very well what he thinks about his chances
with Corbett. He can stand a lot of
punishment though. It is a good oppor
lunity for him to stand up before Corbett,
and lie knows it. He has everything to
gain and nothing to lose. One thing I can
tell you: that is that Tom is not going
to stand up aa stiff as an Indian cigar
stand and be slugged. He's a hitter, he is."
He thinks if he can get in one or two hard
body blows on Corbett that he'll stand a
fine chance of winning out in style."
So much for the talk of the fighters and
trainers.
Sharkey's worsing-day begins early in
the morning. Yesterday was the first dhy
devoted to getting into condition. He will
take a long walk every morning. Yester
day the pedestrian excursion extended to
and around Lake Merritt and to Pied
mont and return. Needham eoes along.
When they get tired of keeping up a
steady walk they start into a trot or a run
to rest themselves.
When Sharkey was 10 years of age he
ran away from his home in Ireland. In
the same year he became helper to a
blacksmith". Stripped for work in the
Acme gymnasium yesterday he looked a
boss blacksmith in strength. His muscu
lar development is so marked that Her
cules might have been proportionately
proud of it. He nas an India ink picture
of a full-rigged ship on his broad chest,
with a few blue stars showing in the fir
nianent of musle around it.- His exercise
consists of punching the bag, handball,
skipping the rope, winding up a wrist
machine and tossing a large, heavy,
leather-covered ball which might be a foot
ball if it was much smaller and ninety
nine times lighter.
Sharkey and Needham punched ten or
twelve rounds on tbe bag. After a short
rest the sailor lad went at it again alone.
He banged it against the woQcien canopy
with such lapidity that.the force of con
tact sounded like tbe explosions oi a Gat
ling gun or the bombardment of the earlj
morning of the glorious Fourth by cannon
crackers touched off in a bunch. The ball
flew back and forth swifter than sight.
Each bound was met by the brawny-fists
of the sailor lad and each blow increased
the rapidity of the bombardment and the
velocity of the flying sphere. Suddenly,
with a terrific blow square in the face, the
rope from which it was pendent snapped
and the big ball went sailing down the
hall. That ended the bag-punching ex
ercise for the day.
There is quite a contrast between Need
ham and SharKey as they play handball.
The trainer is nimble and spry on his
pius and moves more quickly and with
more gracefulness than Sharkey. Though
it appears to '.ake the sailor lad longer to
tret to the ball, somehow he gets to the
swiftest bounds of the ball. Yesterday he
made but few misses, the most disastrous
one being when he went headlong into
the red-headed youth. Sharkey worked
just as hard at handball as he did at slug
ging the sphere.
Tne big sailor boy skips the rope as
lightly as a fairy. He appears to enjoy it
as much as a schoolgirl. Somebody men
tioned something about "Ail right till
broad daylight a-skipping the tra-la-loo,"
and then the sailor lad laughed. He threw
his face as though he sniffed salt water
afar off, and the rope went whirling on.
That big, heavy leather cannon-ball was
thrown to him next, and he tossed it
around line £he man in the circus. He
kept it up in the air apparently as long as
he wished by banging it with his fists each
time it came down within striking dis
tance. Then Sharkey ar.d Needham tossed
it back and forth, standing about thirty
feet apart. One time Sharkey put too
much muscle behind it, ami the ball flew
far out of its previous orbit over Need
ham's head, and tbe crowd scattered.
There was no sparring in the exercise
yesterday. The reason was that one of
Needham's hands is sore. If the hand is
not all right by to-day and there is no
worthy substitute around, there will be no
sparring till the hand has recovered. The
bath and rubdown conclude the exercise.
Sharkey has been put on regular diet.
He eats chops and eggs for breakfast, roast
beef and vegetables for dinner at noon,
Some Varied Scenes Witnessed at the Twenty-Fifth Annual Outing of the Retail Grocers' Association
in Schuetzen Park Yesterday.
and for supper he partakes of steak. He
drinks tea or milk, but no coffee or butter
is allowed him. He can have a little fruit
if h* wants it.
Sharkey has had a long career as a
sailor. He is only 24 years old. He has
been second mate of several sailing craft
and his last position aboard ship was as
bosun aboard the cruiser Philadelphia.
Once when before the mast on the ship
Aristides the ship was out of her couse,
and when the storm blew over all hands
found themselves almost within hailing
distance of the polar bears of the south
pole. They were in 64 degrees south lati
tude In the South Atlantic. During that
experience the saiior lad who is going to
face the world's champion pugilist on the
24th inst. had his feet, ears and hands
nipped by the southern frost before they
got back into tbe gulf stream and a softer
atmosphere.
Corbett is training down to harder work
gradually in the gymnasium of the
Olympic Athletic Ciub. He punches the
bag, twists the wrist machine, plays his
favorite handball with great agiiity, and
spars with "Young Corbett" (George
Green) and Billy Delaney. The champion
emerges from his exercise feeling mori
springy each day. But he refuses to get
down to very hard training.
TRUMAN AND DILLE OBJECT
Say the Contest Will Be Stopped
If It Is Against the
Law.
The Civic Federation will take a hand
in the coming fight between Corbett and
Sharkey. It will not be in the purchase
of tickets to witness the contest, but on
the contrary, to invoke the strong arm of
the law to stop it.
These are the calculations in the minds
of some of the officers as expressed by I.
J. Truman, the president of that body,
and George T. Gaden, the acting secretary.
A call will be issued for a meeting of
the members of the Civic Federation for
some evening this week, at which the
question will be fully discussed as to the
proper course to be pursued to have the
authorities step in and prevent the ex
hibition if it can be done.
Iv an interview with Mr. Truman last
night by a Call representative that gentle
man expressed himself as follows:
''Yes; the Civic Federation will meet
some eveningn g this week and consult upon
the prope r course to take to stop this in
decent slogging— mind I say 'slogeing,'
advisedly, because it will be nothing else.
"Do you mean to tell me that people are
willing to pay $2 50 to witness an exhibi
tion of what they call 'science?' I
do not think so. This exhibition is to be,
pure and simple, brutal slogging for a
money cansideration, and as such we will,
if we can, put a stop to the so-called
scientific exhibition.
"I am more than astonished at Acting
! Mayor Taylor," he said, "in signing the
j permit. I certainly expected better from
! him. He has made a good, conscientious
S Supervisor, and now when the power was
! given him to show his disapproval of this
! extiibition he does not do it.
"Even assuming that it is to be a match
of science," Mr. Truman continued, "do
you think that the youth of this City are
helped by seeing such an exhibition?
Have we not enough real exhibitions in
the blood-letting line every day in the
year without giving our boys new points
as to the best method of blackening a
nighbor's eyes and punching noses?
"The State Legislature has prohibited
this very thing. Well, we will see about
it belore we get through," he continued.
The same sentiments are entertained by
George T. Gaden and Stewart Menzies.
Rev. Dr. Elbert R. Dille, pastor of the
Central Metbodist Church, says he does
not intend to appeal to Governor Budd or
ask that the State militia be called out to
stop the boxers, but he does say that it
appears to nim to be an infraction of the
law and that they will stop it if it is un
lawful. He was seen last evening after the
j weekly prayer meeting in his church was
over. He said:
"It seems to me that tne fight of Corbett
and Sharkey is not only against the ordi
nance but a" violation of the State law, as
it is a brutal contest. My attention was
first called to it to-day. I never have
heard of Sharkey before, but when I see a
newspaper with a picture of Corbett in it I
always tnrow it down. We, but I speak
individually only, for I have not seen Mr.
; Truman, expect to put a stop to this
> fight if it is a violation of law, and whether
it is or whether it is not it ought to be
stopped anyway."
"Many prominent citizens are seen at
sparring contests," said The Call repre
sentative.
"So much the worse; so much the
worse," repeated Rev. Dr. Dille. "It low
ers the moral standard."
Manager Groom of the National Ath
letic Club, before whicn the contest will
take place, said last evening:
"This is not a finish fight and not con
trary to law. It is an exhibition. Corbett
is here now for the last time, or at least
for a number of years, and the people want
to see him. The contest will be entirely
within the pale of the law. It is no prize
fight. The police will see that we keep
within the law.
"Though toe tickets for this event," he
said, "will not be on sale till next Monday,
we already have applications for seats
from bankers, attorneys, leading mer
chants and other prominent people. These
I gentlemen would not support a violation
| of the law.
"If Dr. Dille has never attended one of
| these exhibitions I would like to have him
| come and see what they are like. I would
like to have him and a committee of the
Civic Federation attend, and we will give
them the best box in the house," con
cluded Manager Groom.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
GROCERS ENJOY
A GRAND OUTING
Schuetzen Park a Scene of
Merriment and Fes
tivity.
FAT LADIES MADE A HIT.
H. H. Becker's Score of 64 Heads
the List in Target
Shooting.
MERSHON, THE IRREPRESSIBLE.
Retail Grocers' Association Elated
Over the Large Attendance at
Their Outing.
It was a great day for the Retail Gro
cers' Association yesterday. It was the
occasion of their twenty-fifth annual out
ing at Schuetzen Park, and so gleefully
was the day celebrated that many of tne
members averred with varying degrees of
solemnity that George Washington's
birthday wasn't in it.
The ferry-boats took three loads oj peo
ple over in the morning and two in the
afternoon. And the boats were crowded,
too, with just the jolliest lot of people that
ever gathered together.
Talk about the cosmopolitan character
of San Francisco! The skeptic should just
have cast his eagle eye over that assem
blage at Schuetzen Park about the time of
the arrival of the second boat in the after
noon.
There were large men and small men,
distinguished-looking men and common
appearing ones, men with beards and
others minus these wind protectors,
humorous men and a few crochety ones,
swells, dressed after the mode laid down
for the season by the London tailors, and
others that didn't care anything about
their wearing apparel so long as they had
their fill of fun.
And then, there were the women. " The
list would seem incomplete and prejudiced
without a mention of the ladies. The
haughty belle from Nob Hill reclined on
the cool grass under the same shade trees
as the maiden from "Paradise Alley."
Baby buggies, decked out with gay ribbons,
were present in abundance.
For the day was warm, intensely warm,
and shade trees were in demand, as well
as those different drinKs commonly sup
posed to conduce to man's happiness
when old Sol takes a notion to quit wrest
ling round with the spots on his surface
and devotes the whole of his time to tbe
promulgation of heat waves in the direc
tion of our poor, little earth.
The fat ladies' race was a feature of the
day that might well be called a "picnic"
itself. There were a good many entries,
and at the crack oi the pistol away they
went, amid the howls of the sightseers,
mopping their fevered brows while on the
jump. Mrs. Weiners came in first, mop
ping her brow wirh one hand and trying
to detain a wandering hairpin with the
other. She was closely followed by Mrs.
Reynolds second, and Mrs. Boitano third.
The fat men's race was just as funny.
With hats off, handkerchiefs bound
around their heads, and faces screwd up at
at an angle of 30 degrees to form a groove
to keep the perspiration out of their eyes,
they stood fretfully in position and impa
tiently waited for the starter to fire his re
volver.
Just as he was about to do this there
came a disturbance. J. R. T. Mershon,
the genial drummer whom everybody
seemed to know, arrived on the scene and
promptly insisted that there was no use in
talking, he was going to get into that race.
Of course, being he, they waited for him
to shed his hat, coat and waistcoat and
get on the line. He did this with re
markable alacrity.
As the pistol cracked off they went, big
"Fattie" Roesler in the lead. He kept it,
too, and distinguished himself by going
over the line with a great hop, skip and
jump. He afterward said lie intended to
keep his prize, one case of Sauterne, to
cool himself off with when he ran again.
Messrs. Glynn and Smith were second
and third respectively. Mershon came in
last, vainly clinging to the coattails of the
man ahead of nim. His method of not
getting last evoked uproarious applause.
In the race of boys from 9 to 12 years of
age Kennedy came in first, Haups second,
Aiurphy third, Leffmann fourth, Schu
macher fifth and Carroll sixth. Their
prizes varied all the way from a hammock
to a pair of suspenders.
In the boys' race from 12 to 15 years
Weston won, Parker second, Maher third
and Kelly fourth. Among the prizes re
ceived were such articles as a football,
pocket-knile and harmonica.
One of the prettiest scenes witnessed
during the day was the race of little girls
from 9 to 12 years of age. Their young,
lithe limbs went skipping over the ground
like a rubber ball. Little Miss Talfor won
the first prize, a fancy cake, and the Misses
O'Neil, Smith and McDonald the others.
In tne girls' race only misses from 12 to
15 years oil contested. They came over
the line in the following order: Miss
Moore, Miss Cummins, Miss Madden, Miss
Sullivan and Miss Thode.
Then there was the young ladies' race.
None of them wore bloomers, but the way
they got over the ground was a terror to
dress-reformers. Miss Coad came out first,
Miss Hanna second, Miss Herring thirvl,
Miss Hauser fourth and Miss Bearwald
fifth.
The young men's race was won by Rob
inson. Cummings was second and Bur
gess third.
The retail grocers' olerss also had a con
test of their own. Burke won and the
other i>rize-winners came over the line in
the following order: Sullivan, Lonergan
and Bender.
The porters' race was won by Robinson,
Toomy getting in second and Sullivan
third.'
Believing that it was not fair to let mar
riage bar ladies from racing on the grounds
given by certain bachelor members of the
association— that in chasing their hus
bands with culinary articles tney got more
practice man was allowable, thus becom
ing professionals and leaving the amateur
class — they were permitted to compete.
Mrs. Burns proved the fleetest, Mrs. Erick
sen came in second, and Mrs. Conroy and
Mrs. Bostrom third and fourth respec
tively.
This ended tbe racing. But the great
event of the day yet remained, namely
the tue-of-war. A married men's team
pulled against a single men's team. The
captain of the former was Walter Hewitt,
of the latter, Harry Roesler.
The former team consisted of the cap
tain, Lindauer (anchorman); Moran,
Kennedy, Stohlman. Monaco, McVicker,
Maxwell, Kerr and Thompson. The lat
ter of the captain, Henneberg (anchor
mani; Glynn Luhm, Asher, Hons, Heuer,
Gottschalk, Tuite and Calderwood.
During the preparations for the event
the contestants passed tne time in hold
ing their heads so the perspiration would
not dampen the spot they intended to use
in bracing their feet, and in vigorously
joshing one another.
"Hey, there! what a sorry looking lot
of Benedicts!" veiled one of the single
men's team. "Get on to their willowy
anchorman," was the answer.
Though they struggle'! hard the single
men's team were steedily jerked across
the line amid hearty applause ana good
uatured taunts.
"Which result plainly demonstrates,"
declared the irrepressible Mershon, "that
marriage is a tremendous drawback."
During all the time these games were in
progress the non-sporting element was in
the large dance hall, l.ghtly tripping in
time to the music of Ritzau's band. Danc
ing was kept up nearly till the time the
last train departed.
Shortly after the dancing for the after
noon began a banquet was given to the
press representatives in the dining hall,
which was presided over by President
John C. Nobmann.
The prizes for target shooting for mem
bers, with the scores, were awarded as fol
lows:
H. Tientjen, 62, first prize; William
King, 59, second; Charles Nobmann, 58,
third; Fred Myer, 57, fourth; J. H.
Haarjes. 56, fifth; George Wilkins and
John Schloen, 54 each, sixth; J. Larkey,
52, seventh; J. J. Moran, 51, eighth. A
number of others also received prizes, but
their scores were much smaller.
In the target-shooting for wholesalers
the following is the list of the principal
prize-winners with scores:
C. E. Whitney and J. A. Folger. 56 each,
first prize; Larrot & Co. and Cleveland
Bachdols, 48 each, second prize.
The drummers shot as follows: H. H.
Becker, 64, first prize, the highest score
made during the day; Charles E. Torres,
55, second; J. F. Faul, 54, third; S. T.
Blake, 52, fourth; L. Otzen 51, fifth.
The first prize in the target contest by
the press representatives was won by A.
H. Powers, with a score of 53. The second
and the third were won by James K. Tay
lor and F. L. Perkins, respectively. The
two latter refuse to publish their scores
purely through modesty.
N. F. Fields, the official scorer, who was
for sixteen years connected with the Police
Department of this City, wishes it under
stood that if the ammunition had rot
given out before he got to shoot no one
else would have stood even a drowning
man's chance.
The prizes in bowline were awarded to
the following persons in the order named :
W. Glinderman, J. Heitman, W. Schwarke,
Mr. Prehner, G. Glinderman and G. Han
erken. W. Schwarke also received the
prize for the most nines, and J. Heitman
the prize for the most poodles, a box of
Napa soda, at which he bemoaned his sad
fate in not being a Good Templar.
On the trip home, as the train passed
through the tunnels, several youthful
malefactors made a great smacking with
their lrps and emitted distressful cries of
"Oh, George, don't," and "I'll tell ma,"
whereat the young ladies were found to be
blushing painfully on coming into the
light, "and cast highly indignant glances
at the offenders.
Taken all in all, the outing was a grand
success, übout 3000 people being present,
and the Retail Grocers' Association is
highly elated in consequence.
Dr. Klue Is Promoted.
Dr. Rupert Blue, for several months past in
charge of the City office of the United States
Marine Hospital, has been promoted to the
superintendent^ of the institution. Surgeon
H. S. Mathewson of Connecticut has been as
signed to the city office. He is expected to
reach this CUy from Washington to-morrow.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
AN EXPENSIVE
HEALTH BOARD
Not Satisfied With Spend
ing a Third More Than
Its Predecessors.
DOUBLES THE DEMAND.
Would Add Twenty- Eight New
Names to Its Patronage
and Salary List.
DOES NOT CARE FOR EXPENSE.
An Unexampled Exhibition of Nerve
to Cap the Climax of Its
Prodigality.
In the general loot of the treasury that
distinguishes the present administration
in the City and County the Health De
partment has made itself conspicuous.
Already it has overdrawn its appropriation
for expenses, for jails and prisons and for
quarantine $1116, with three weeks to run
in the fiscal year.
There was appropriated for the expenses
of the Healtti Department proper this year
$29,900. This was almost $9000 more than
was appropriated for the same purpose for
the fiscal year of 1895-96. And yet with
this increase that amount is now overrun
$653 60— all the money gone and three
weeks of the year yet to run.
With tbe same ratio of expenditure
maintained for this month that has ob
tained before, and as a large part of the
monthly expenditure is for salaries, it will
necessarily be so this lund will be short
some $3000.
The appropriation for quarantine is
overdrawn $427 49 and by the application
of the same rule it will be $1000 over the
limit at the end of the month, which is
the end of the fiscal year. The jaiis and
prisons, now overdrawn $36, will be de
ficient to the sum of $150. With the funds
in these three appropriations increased to
begin with by about $9000 over the
amounts allowed in 1893-9 4 the expendi
tures will have still exceeded the sum al
lowed by over $4000.
There is in the smallpox fund, also in
charge of the Health Department, $1839 65
still remaining. This is the only fund
directly chargeable to the Health Depart
ment that is not overdrawn. They have,
however, expended $2560 35 of that fund.
The appropriation was $4400, which was a
considerable increase over that of 1893-94.
The ? alary list for the Health Office for the
year 1893-94 was $20,941 67. The salary list
alone for the same office for 189f>-96 was, or
will be, $29,400. It is as follows, the fig
ures bein« per month:
Health Officer, $250; Secretary Board of
Healtn, $175; Assistant Secretary Board of
Health, $100; Messenger, $75; City Physician,
$150; Bacteriologist, $150; Medical Attend
ant, $100; Police Surgeon, $100; Milk In
spector, $100; Superintendent City Ceme
teries, $75; six Health Inspectors, $600; Chief
Market Inspector, $100; three Assistant Mar
ket Inspectors, at $75, $225; Plumbing In
spector, $125; Assistant Plumbing Inspector,
$100; Janitor, $30. Total for a month, $2450.
This sum repeated for twelve months
amounts to $29,400.
In view of these figures the estimate of
the requirements of the Health Office for
the incoming fiscal year is more than
merely interesting.
All the expenses of the Health Office, in
cluding salaries, for the year 1893-94
amounted to $25,107 97. The salary list
alone according to the demands of the
present hoard foots up $55,200.
The expenses of the office, apart from
salaries, for the years 1893-94 was $4166 30.
I The demands for next year for expenses
other than salaries amount to $77u0,
rnnking a total of $62,900 as against $25,
-107 97 of a year ago, and the $33,000 of this
year, counting the entire expenditure.
This big sum is exclusive too, of the $1800
j which is called for a permanent establish
ment of chemical and bacteriological
laboratories. Following is the requisition
in detail as filed:
Health Officer, $250; secretary, $175 ; first
assistant, $100; miik inspector, $200; baote- |
rioiogist, $150; veterinary surgeon, $150;
chemist and analyst, $150; public vaccinator, |
$100; clerk of vital statistics, $75; messenerer, j
typewriter, $60; assistant chemist, $75:
eight assistant milk and fuod inspectors
for open public food inspection sta
tions, $75 each, $600; three assistant
food and goods inspectors, $75 each, $225; !
chief market inspector, $100; 3 assistant mar- \
ket inspectors, $225; 2 disinterment inspec
tors (at $100), $200; 1 chief plumbing inspec
tor, $125; 1 assistant plumbing inspector,
$100; 6 health inspector;-, $600; 3 additional
sanitary Inspectors, $300; 3 sewer inspectors, ;
$225; 2 bakery inspectors, $150; 2 laundry
and bath inspectors, $150; janitor, $40. Total, j
$55,200.
KXFKVSTS OF HEALTH OFFICE.
Horse hire and transportation ?3,000
Books and printing 1,500
Stationery and stamps 901)
Vaccine and fumigating material .... 1,200
Telephone 360
.-uppiies for veterinary and milk depart
ment 300
Incidentals 440 i
57.700
Total expenses. 6:2,900
For a permanent establishment of chemi
cal and bacteriological laboratories for
gross and minute examination of foods,
etc $1,800
It will be seen that this begins by in
creasing the salary of the milk inspector
$100— making it $200. Then it adds to the
salary list a veterinary surgeon at $150 a
month — formerly serving quite willingly
without pay. It adds a" chemist and
analyst at $150 a month. It add a public
vaccinator at $100 — the duties having been j
heretofore performed by the messenger of
the board. It adds a "clerk of vital statis
tics" at $75— the duties formerly performed
excellently well by the secretary of the
board. It adds a type-writer at $60. It
adds an assistant chemist at $75.
It adds eight assistant food-inspectors
at $75 each or $600 a month. It adds three
assistant "food and goods inspectors" at
$75 each or $225 a month. It adds two
"disinterment inspectors" at $100 each,
$200 a month. It adds an assistant plumb
ing inspector at $100. It adds three ad
ditional sanitary inspectors at $100, or $300
a month. It adds two bakery inspectors
at $75 each or $150. It adds two laundry
and bath inspectors at $75 or $150 a month.
It increases the salary of the janitor from
$30 to $40 a month.
This is what the street Arab would call
a "cuckoo." It adds no less than twenty
eight men to the salary list of the Health
Board, the trouble with which at the pres
ent moment is that it is much too long.
The salaries to be paid to these new em
ployes would foot up $29,340. This pro
posed addition to the present expensive !
tigure is just $8398 33 more than the entire I
salary list of the office for the year 1893-94.
But the Health Officer is not content
with this. He has submitted a requisi
tion for the Receiving Hospital that nearly
doubles the entire expense of that institu
tion last year. The "salary list for the
Receiving hospital last year amounted to
$64::0. The appropriation for the hospital
this year was $10,000. and it will be used \
up. The estimate for next year submitted !
by the .Health Officer, in addition to a
requisition of Police Surgeon Weil for
$1385, is as follows:
BECEIVINa HOSPITAL.
For th« establishment of an ambulance
system, consisting of ihrpe ambulances,
equipments and twelve horses, to be sta
tioned in three relected sections of the
city, together with maintenance of same $3,600
Three snrgeons, $75 a month each 2,700
Six drivers, $60 a month each 2,160
Maintenance of twelve horses .'. 8,750
Total $12,210
Down to the sixteenth century every
physician in Europe wore a ring as a badge
of his profession. •
row to-dat:
WILL YOU BE
STRONG WHEN
YOU ARE OLD ?
As you would protect youi
house against the wearing of
the storm so that it will be pre-
served and suitable to shelter
you when you grow old, so you
ought to guard your physical
body against the ' inroads of
disease, so that it will be healthy
and well preserved when you
are an old man.
When you are young and the
forces of nature active you can
often smother these light pains
and weaknesses that trouble
you, but in doing so you have
to call up your reserve vitality.
That is a nail in your coffin, for
it wastes your reserve force,
which should be saved till you
grow old. It is this reserve
force which keeps up the health
in old men when they are
healthy.
Every man wastes this force
more or less. Sometimes he
wastes all of it, and instead of
finding his weakness when he is
old it comes on him while he is
still a young man.
His life from that time is
miserable devoid of the power
of manhood, ruined nerve
power, and finally lost memory
and mental imbecility he be-
comes a wreck.
This is a pitiable state of
human waste. Thousands of
young men have sown the seeds
for it by excesses and other
causes, but it can all be cured if
good judgment is used in time.
As the power lost is of the
nerves — nerve force— it can be
replaced by Electricity, the life
of the nerves.
"I could dance with joy when
I consider that I have been
saved from the necessity of liv-
ing the rest of my life in that
miserable state," says J. A. J.
Morse, Los Gatos, Cal., after
using Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt one month.
Have you not noticed how
many people speak well of Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt? "I
have heard a great many people
recommend your Belt," says a
recent letter.
It is the modern cure. It is
the only cure for weak men, for
medicine has long ago proven
its worthlessness. Dr. Sanden's
Belt gives new life, drugs sim-
ply benumb the crying nerves.
If you want life get Dr. San-
den's Belt at once. It will not
fail you. The little book,
"Three Classes of Men," is worth
$100 to any weak man. It will
be sent free by mail, sealed
closely, upon application.
030 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 8 a. m. to
8:30 p. x.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES- AT:
LOB ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND. OR.,
204 South Broadway. I 253 Washington street.
IB THE VERY BEST O.\E To EXAMINE
X your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
Classes with Instruments of his own invention.
whose superiority has not; been equaled. My saa*
cess has been due to the merits of my wort,
Ofllce Hours- 12 to if. m. . ■ -..-■■■■ . "
L. RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing March 2ft If 9»
WEEKDAYS. ;
tot Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *8-00
•9:15 10:15, 11:46. A. X.: 1:45, 3:20, 4:18,
6:15. *ri:o(>. j:»5 *. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, WadM»
; days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. «c
SUNDAYS.
Wm Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8 :00, *9:00,
•10:00.11:30 a. M.;»«ia:Bj. "1:30, *2:16, *4:0O,
6:30, 6:46.8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Sausalito at
11:00 a. v. .
Trains marked • run to Saa Quentln. —12 IS*
9. K. does net run to Mill Valley. -
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:46 rv if. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
B*o aTm. Sundays— and way stations.
»«Mi,it Sundays— Point Reyes ana wayatMioWi
RAILROAD TRAVEL. #
BIG REDUCTION E RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
PORTIiAMTD. OR.
FRIDAY JUNE 12,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
ap {% —Including Berth in Pullman. Too*
>S,UU lßtBlee^ r iso
First-class tickets, including berth In <ll»"l fVOO
PulimanStandard Sleeper. *IP±V — .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not sto t to deliver or take on pa*-
leneers at intermediate cations, nor will tickets Im
old or baggage checked 0 such points.
■jgf Through licketa for Facet Sound
tJint* on Sale at Reduced Rate*.
For funher information a 'ply at
613 MARKET STKKET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GKAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTH t: RSI PACIFIC COWrANT.
(PACIFIC BVSTKM.)
Trnl»« Ic»t« anil nre <ln« to l»rrlT« at
san i'it.\xns«:».
leave — FHOM June 7, 1896. — aruiv
•6:OOa Niks, San Jose and Way Stations... S:-*5 a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Og'len and Hast.. *•■•:»»
7:00 a. Benicia, VacavMe, Rumsey, Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Redding Ti»
Davis.. «:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa , •:1»P
■:3«ANiles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville and Rei!
Bluff... .......... 4:1 1»r
•8:30* Peters and Milton •7ilßp
•iOOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.on Angeles 4*43p
9:©o a Martinez and Stookton 1 1: 13 a
9:OOa Vallejo «:I3p
l:OOpNiles, San Jose ami LiTermore B:4Sa
•1:00p Sacramento River Steamers "DrOOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations W:4S*
«:00i" Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano bnd
Santa Rosa •«15*
«Hlop Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Maryanllk*
OroTille and Sacramento 10:45 A
4:80p Kile.i, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7il»r
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11j45a
SiHr New Orleans Kxprens.i'resno.Bakersv
•ielil. Santa Rarbar.i.l.os Angcler.
jDeming, El Paso, New Orleans and
Ea5t...... 10il»A
SiOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East I0:13a
6:00r Vallejo 11:45 a
fl:OOr European Mail, Ogden and Kast.... »:43a
«:00i> liny wards, Nllcsand Sail Jose 7:15 a
|7:OOp Vallejo f7:45p
7:00p Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
ylllc, Redding, Portland, Puget
Hound and Kast I0;4Ba
SANTA <:lUI/ IHVIMO.N (Narrow iiauirej. ~
17:43 a Santa Cruz Kxcitrslon, Hinta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JSj«3p
Sil3a New:irk,l'enterville,Saii.loso,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations BiJMIr
•B>lSr Newark, Conterville, San Jose, New
Aliuaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations # 11:»OA
HilSp Newark. San Jose and Lot natos.... ■I»:«Oa
COAST DIVISION (Third A Toitiishhl St«.)
•6:4»a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) , •»•»•*
(7:3* a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific GrOTe, and
Principal Way Stations (8:33r
•iISA San Jose, Tres Piims, .Santa Crux,
?acilic Orove, Paso Robles, San
Luis ()l>ispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7rO3p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations I :SOp
I«:IOa San Jose and Way Stations S:OOp
1 1:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
*3:3<»r San Mateo, Mcnlo Park, San Job*
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cms,
Salinas,Mnnterey and PaciflcGrore "I*:44>A
•8::iOp San Jose, Pacifio Grove and Way
Stnl.ions 9:47 a
•4:30p San Jose and Way Stations *8:00 a
3:30p San .lose and Principal Way Stations *B:4>«a
O:3Op San Jose and Way Stations 6::Wa
tll:4Si- San .logo nn.l Way Stntinns t7:43p
SAX LfcANUKO A>l> HAYWAUUS AL.~~
t»6:OOA"l ( 7:15 a
8:OOa I tO:4r>A
i2.00a Melrone, Seminary Park, J?;!^
'"HE* Fitchb«nr,SaaLeamdro
3:0«p -m J 4:S.">p
4:00p j ' * 5:13p
£00r . H.rw.rd fc ««**
7:»Op } ' 8:4
g ! O op I Runs through to NUes. loi.iop
ttllilSpj tFromNiles. I ttl2:00»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
from SiS FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:O0a.M. $1:00 *3:00 t3 «
•<:00 15:00 *6 p.m.
,'rom OAILAHD— Foot of Bro.idw»j.— «6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. $12:00 •1:00 *2:00 •3:00 J1:00 '
'5:00 r.n.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only
1 Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
$ Saturdays and Sundays for Finti Cmz.
v•■ -.i. r ,..,!':.,J,.,f trm^ ■••»(■ ■/
SMf RIftCISCO & WORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A. k.; 12-3\
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. it.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
. 6:00, 6:20 P. X. ■
:;;?,- San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:1», 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A it -
-12:46, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpi
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. k. ,
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:..c, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00, 6:25 P. if.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
Leave Tnpffprt Arrive
Ban Francisco. A p," a Ban Franc .
Week I 80s- T, e st?nation Sasr- 1 Week"
Days. | days, "eatlnatlon. DAT^ | Da
7:30 am 7:30 ami Novato, 110:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 I'M Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm:
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsbur?,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am| Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 Pit
~~~ j i Pieta, j
7:30 am ] Hopland <£ 10:10 am
3 :30pm 1 7:30 am I Ultlah. -. 7:30 PM 6:15 pm
7:30 am '■ ' 10:10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 fm
3:30 pm : 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I Glen Ellen.
7:30 am|7:3o 8- ba . toDol 110:40 am! 10:10 a"m
3:3opM|s.oopml BeoaBtopoL | 6:05 pm! 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and LAkeport; at
Hopland for Latceport and Barrett Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sara-
hedriu Heights, Hullville, Booneville. Green
wood, Git's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, WUlets, Cahto, Covelo,
Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoed
rates. :>.-j^.-.-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* b«-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Trains leave from and arrive •J^J vrPV^sMMyJ
at Market-Street Ferry. \s%?2s§!!s&^^l
SANTA FE EXPKbSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis.
The pom.ar S.-nTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON'
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, In charge of experienced agents, running
through to (nation.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies; no dust: Interesting scenery)
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office- 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Kuililtnir.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo for th«
sexual and urinary . organs of both sexes, and *
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and bla l-
oer. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervlna,
Wells on Its own Merits— no long-winded m*U*
monlals necessary. ww*
•oS-ii*^' -» jL ' t 'S * BKUNK, Agents.
883 Market St., S. *'.-C=end lor tjlroulir.JHOW TO SERVE
THREE MASTERS
Detective Wood Goes Tues
day's Testimony One
Better. "
DECEPTION JUSTIFIABLE
Provided It Be by a Detective
Who Is Searching for
Truth.
CEITTENDEN SCORES WITNESS.
Whereupon Judge Slack Cautions Him
to Ba More Careful in His
Language.
The Ashley-Baldwin trial yesterday was
devoted to the cross-examination of De
tective Wood. Much of the time was
taken up with repetitions of Tuesday's
testimony and reading from the tran
script. In regard to Wood's employment
contemporaneously by several parties hos
tile to one another the interesting fact
was brought out that at one time he wa3
representing Colonel Pope, E. J. Baldwin
and Lillian Ashley and making each be
lieve he was doing the best he could for
him or her.
Deception and double-dealing seemed to
constitute the detective's art, to judge
from Wood's experience. He promised
Miss Ashley to prosecute her claim
against Baldwin. Under this pretense he
requested her to swear that she had never
been intimate with Colonel Pope, in order
to establish the innocence of character
necessary to be shown by a plaintiff in an
action for seduction. His intention, how
ever, was to secure Colonel Pope. Then
he wanted in the affidavit a statement
that Baldwin had ruined her. This was
to be used by Colonel Pope as evidence
against Miss Ashley's character in case
she should sue him for damages. The
only one of the three that he remained
absolutely true to was the amorous bicycle
manufacturer.
Attorney Cnttenden continued his cross
examination of Detective Wood yesterday
morning. He resumed his questions
about Wood's employment by Baldwin
and dis compensation for tne services he
should render. Wood brought with him
two assistants, Daniel J. O'Keefe, whom
he pays $3 a day and expenses, and
Emanuel Baines, who receives $1000 a
year. They are not doing active detective
work for Baldwin, but are waiting to give
testimony in the trial.
In regard to the employment of Wood,
the contract he had with Baldwin was
produced. By the terms of this con-tract
Wood was to bring with him to California
two witnesses to testify in the suit. They
were to pre Dare for the trial and secure
evidence and to bring all letters and testi
mony they were in possession of with
them. It was specified that Wood and
his men should 'not be tept away from
Boston more than sixty uays, and that
they were to have a week's notice before
being required to start. In the event of it
being unnecessary to come to San Fran
cisco the contract was to be null and
without force.
Baldwin had employed Wood while he
was still ostensibly acting for Mi.-s Ashley.
He admitted that he acted with the inten
tion of misleading her i;i order to ascer
tain the trutn, as he said. He had advised
her that to secure large damages from
Baldwin in an action for seduction she
must declare that she wa3 "as pure a girl
when she met Baldwin as when she was
born." Accordingly, Wood represented
to her that she must make affidavit that
ehe had never had intimate relations with
Colonel Pope, in whose employ, by the
way, Wood still was.
Thi3 much was in the interest of Pope.
Then he went as Miss Ashley's representa
tive to Baldwin to effect a settlement. He
saw Baldwin at Saratoga, but did not men
tion this to Miss Ashley when he wrote
her to send him written authority to nego
tiate a settlement with Baldwin. He also
inquired of her the lowest sum she would
take, and promised her "to endeavor to
get as much more than the amount named
as possible."
All this witnes-5 admitted he had done
to deceive and mislead the plaintiff. He
didn't remember whether he had sincerely
intended to settle her claim against Bald
win; come to think of it he believed he
had written the letter asking for authority
merely to put her off until he couid make
further investigations about her in his
"search for truth." All the evidence he
got in the Baldwin matter he intended to
make use of in case she attempted to make
trouble for Pope.
Before the noon adjournment Judge
SJack cautioned Attorney Crittenden tbat
he must be more careful in the way he
spoke about Witness Wood. Crittenden
cad asked him if he had not deliberately
written falsehoods in order to entrap Miss
Ashley, and was beginning to indirectly
score the detective quite roundly. This
was the second reproof his Honor adminis
tered to the attorney for the plaintiff, hav
ing censurea him for his tardiness in com
ing into the court nearly half an hour late
in the morning.
The afternoon session was delayed
again by Mr. Crittendeu's failure to "ap
pear at the appointed time. The cross
examination of Wood was resumed. Wood
admitted that when he went to see Bald
win he gave him to understand that he
had come from Miss Ashley with author
ity to settle her claim and told Baldwin
the amount he received.
Although he had no nope of makine a
settlement with Baldwin, he represented
to Miss Ashley that he had good pros
pects of settling.
"Then," said Mr. Crittenden, "you were
guilty of a deliberate attempt to cause her
to make an affidavit that would compro
mise and injure herself, without disclos
ing to her your purpose, and by using
language calculated to deceive her?"
Witness answered that to part of the
question he would answer yes and part of
it no.
"Did you believe you were acting
squarely toward her?" pursued, Mr. Crit
tenden. „
The witness declared he did so believe.
"Is it, then, customary in your business
to pretend to represent a party and, while
so pretending, to get from them damaging
and compromising evidence against that
party?"
The Court, however, ruled that the wit
ness did not need to answer the question.
"The uppermost thought in my mind,"
declared the witness, "was to get an affi
davit from her of what I have always and
do now believe, that Colonel Pope had not
beeD intimate with her. And I wanted
that affidavit in order to give Colonel
Pope an assurance that he would be no
further troubled by Miss Ashley, who had
harassed him, demanded money of him
and threatened to expose him."
In his endeavors to get affidavits and
other documents from Miss Ashley Wood
wrote her tbat he believed her statements
were true. Yesterday he declared he had
had his doubts when he wrote it.
"Then," said Mr. Crittenden, "you
wrote another falsehood to her?"
Judge Black again warned the attorney
in regard to the manner in which he spoke
cf the witness.
"if I am compelled to speak of this
matter again," said his Honor, "I shall
speak in a very different manner."
In his letter to Miss Ashley Wood
had declared his belief that Baldwin
would make a better settlement on the
spur of the moment than if he waited to
consult counsel. Yesterday Wood admit
ted that he had not so believed. He had
employed the strong wording in order to
get her to send him the desired affidavit.
He admitted that he bad studiously con
cealed from Mips Ashley the fa?t that he
had seen Mr. Baldwin. However, he had
received no money from Miss Ashley. If
he had received money he would have re
garded such action on his part as double
dealing and he would not have acted as he
did.
'•Then this whole letter you wrote Miss
Ashley," asked I>ir. Crittenden, "was a
tissue of untruths, written for the purpose
of deception, in order to get an unfair ad
vantage over Miss Ashley?"
Ouce more the court ruled that the wit
ness need not answer.
Detective Wood had no definite arrange
ment as to what compensation he would
receive from Miss Ashley in case she got
$75,000 out of Baldwin. Wood declared he
hardly thought of that— his main purpose
was to look out for Colonel Pope's witness.
However, he had not refused the offer
made by Miss Ashley to pay him liberally.
Mr. Crittenden cross-examined the wit
ness further on the testimony he bad
given in nis direct examination, but failed
to shake it in any essential particulars.
The witness is evidently thoroughly con
versant with all the matters he testified
about, for where he had to repeat accounts
given previously, the testimony on both
occasions was almost identical, even in the
language and expressions used.
Nearly everybody in the courtroom was
getting tired. The clerk was fast asleep,
with his head on the desK and bis Honor
had yawned wearily several times. Ac
cordingly the trial was adjourned until
this morning at 11 o'clock, when some in
teresting testimony is promised by those
who ought to £no»v.
TO PAY PEOPLE'S BANK
Every Stockholder Who Still
Owes on Shares Will
Be Sued.
The Bank's New Attorney so Advises
and the Directors Adopt the
Suggestion.
The Board of Directors of the People's
Home Savings Bank will sue every stock
holder and director who has not paid in
the full amount of his shares, and the suits
will be pushed with vigor.
Such was the course decided upon at a
meeting yesterday, when the attorney for
the board had presented suggestions in re
gard to the many delinquents. There are
about 170 stockholders, and on many of the
shares there is still due the bank $66 66% a
share.
General John F. Sheehan, manager of
the affairs of the bank, asserts that recent
newspaper articles suggesting that the
present management has been responsible
for delays in the trial of test cases ema
nated from the opposition and were not
according to the facts. He mentioned, for
example, the Booth and Barnett case, set
last week, postponed to yesterday morn
ing at tne request of the defendants, and
again postponed yesterday until the 18th,
on the reauest of the defendants.
The attorney, who succeeded Mr. Flour
noy in the prosecution of the five test
cases, in his letter of suggestions on which
the board acted, says:
I desire to call your attention to the fact
that there are at least three classes of cases
which involve questions of fact and law.
The five cases now pending are actions
•wherein the defendants are sued Tjpon their
origiual subscriptions. Of course there will
be individual cases where stockholders will
claim certain equities and defenses growing
out of representations and acts urged to be
prejudicial to them committed by various
boards of directors. As to tnese nothing
need be noticed further.
It is, however, the fact that in addition to
the original subscribers who are now or nere
after to be sued there are two otner additional
classes whose defenses are Dot involved here.
First, those who have by assignment or pur
chase succeeded to the ownership of certain
shares of stock, and as to whom ttie question
of liability for tne unpaid subscription is to be
determined; and secondly, those cases In
which stockholders have, in anticipation of a
calling in of the unpaid subscriptions, and in
anticipation of the insolvency Of the bank,
made assignment to irresponsible persons as
against whom any judgment must remain un
satisfied.
1 would suggest in any event that suits
be brought which will determine the rights of
the board in both of these latter classes.
I desire, however, speaking generally, to call
your attention to the fact that in my opinion
any case, whether test or otherwise, will not
result in enforcing collection from others than
the mere individuals sued.
In the five cases now pending if judgment
■were rendered in all of them it could not, in
my opinion, secure payments from the other
delinquents. This must certainly be so in any
event until the Supreme Court hus passed upon
all of the questions involved. This could not
in all probability be done until the questions
as to the statute ot limitations would be
brought into ihe cases by reason of the delay.
I think that suits ought to be begun again-- 1
all of the stockholders and an earnest effort
made to collect these assets on hehaif of the
creditors of the bank. It might then be ad
visable, after such suits were brought, to se
lect a number as test cases, and thereupon to
stipulate that the judgments rendered in such
cases should be conclusive as to all questions
involved in the others.
This, it would seem to me, ought to be the
course to be pursued, but merely beginning
and carrying on five cases in the expectation,
without any agreement therefor, that other
delinquent stockholders will pay up without
suit is, in the light of experience in past
events, not to be expected.
A- to all the other litigations of the bank
you have been informed from time to time by
me. and no effort is being spared to obtain ad
judication in all matters. Very truly yours,
F. S. Stratton.
HELD FOR MURDER.
Result of the Examination of Peter
Ducey, Who Killed His
Aunt.
TLe preliminary examination of Peter
Ducey, charged with the murder of his
aunt, Miss Kate McKeever, at her house,
917 Howard street, on May 27, was held
before Judge Low yesterday.
Ducey was formerly employed at the
streetcar stables, Fourth and Townsend
streetß, and bad recently been working as
a laborer on the San Joaquin Valley Rail
road. After an absence of three months
he came to the City on May 2G, and on the
following day called upon" his aunt. He
had been drinking heavily, and that even
ing shot and killed her.
After hearing the evidence, which was
the same as given at the Coroner's inquest,
the Judge held Ducey lo answer before the
Superior Court without bonds.
MRS. WOODWARD'S WRATH.
She Has Sued Her Husband's Attorney
for 810,000 Damages.
Mrs. Mehnda Woodward has Bued At
torney J. C. Bates for $10,000 damages for
slander.
Mrs. Woodward is suing her husband,
Frank T. Woodward, for divorce, and the
case has had a number of hearings in
Judge Seawell's court. Bates is her hus
band's attorney. On June 8, during the
course of a controversy in court, the attor
ney made use of the words, "She is an
opium fiend."
The expression was made in reference to
Mrs. Woodward, and she claims that its
use in the hearing of her friends and ac
quaintances there presern has damaged
her $10,000 worth.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1596.
WESLEY T. LEWIS
HELD TO ANSWER
Florence Ready Tells the
Story cf the As
sault.
CORROBORATIVE FACTS.
The Prosecution Welds Together
Every Link of the
Chain.
NO DEFENSE IS OFFERED.
The Girl Unfolds a Startling Story
of Lewis' Boast to Her of His
Other Victims.
The preliminary examination of Wesley
T. Lewis, charged with criminal assault
upon Florence Heady, was concluded be
fore Jud^e Conlan yesterday and the
Judge held him to answer before the Su
perior Court in $20,000 bonds.
The girl told her story in a straightfor
ward manner, and during its recital the
defendant kept his eyes fixed upon the
floor. She told of her becoming acquainted
with Lewis at the Simpson Memorial
Church through both being members of
the Epworth League.
She detailed how Lewis called at the
Lincoln Evening School with the story of
Mrs. Goodall's illness and getting her ex
cused by Mrs. Deal, her teacher. Then she
detailed the incidents of the drive to the
Ocean Beach and the assault upon her.
After the assault he tried to console her
by telling her she was the seventh girl
who had been so treated by him. Two
were, like herself, pupils in the Lincoln
Evening School, and two were members
of the Simpson Memorial Church, one oi
whom he had assaulted in the belfry of
the church.
Attorney Wilson' for the defendant pro
tested against these statements of Lewis'
conversation, and after some argument the
Judge sustained the objection.
The witness went on to describe the
drive back to Ingleside and Lewis' second
attempt to assault her. She jumped from
the buggy and ran screaming toward an
other buggy occupied by George Thomp
son of the Olympic stables and a lady.
Thompson took tier into his buggy and
they drove on to see if they could tind
Lewis. He had fled and left the horse and
buggy standing by the side of the road.
Then Mr. Thompson drove her home.
Tne only question the defendant's attor
ney asked tne witness was: "It was a
pleasant moonlight night, wasn't it?'' and
she replied in the affirmative.
George Thompson testified to the girl
running to him for assistance. He made
a hurried search for Lewis, but failed to
find any trace of him. He took the rig
to the Ingleside stables and left it with in
structions to take an accurate description
of any man who should call for it. It
was about midnight when the girl ran to
him for assistance.
Thomas T. Taylor gave important testi
mony. He said" he was formerly a mem
ber of Simpson Memorial Church and
now lives at Fifteenth avenue and M
street. A few minutes after midnight he
was disturbed by the loud barking of his
dog. He got out of bed and on going out
side found Lewis standing at the gate.
Witness asked him into the house and in
the light he observed that his face was
flushed and he appeared to be very much
excited.
Lewis told witness that he had been
sandbagged and robbed, and he asked if
there was any way he could get back to
the City. Witness offered to drive him
into the City, and accordingly hitched up
his horse and drove him to the corner of
Golden Gate avenue and Market street.
As they parted Lewis told witness that he
worked for Simpson & Co. on Steuart
street, near Market, and asked him to go
to the scene ot the alleged robbery, and if
he found any letters or papers to take
them to Simpson & Co.'s office. The fol
lowing day witness called at the office, but
found that Lewis had not been there
within two years. Lewis was dressed in a
brown sack suit and wore a soft Fedora
hat.
After Dr. Daniel Kruger, 719 Larkin
street, and Policeman J. S. Adams gave
testimony tho prosecution closed the
case.
The defense waived the right to produce
testimony, and the Jud^e held the de
fendant to answer before the Superior
Court, raising his bonds from $10,000 to
$20,0C0.
THE MONEY OF HAWAII.
Minister of Finance Damon Says There
Is Plenty for All Pur
poses,
S. M. Damon, Minister of Finance in
Hawaii, arrived here on yesterday's
steamer. He accompanied Mrs. Damon,
who is going on to Yaie to attend the
graduation of her son. Minister Damon
will return to the islands in a few days.
He says the finances of the new republic
are in excellent condition.
"The loan that has been suggested and
that has passed the preliminary stages, for
$800,000," he eaid, "for public works of
various kinds, hus had $350,000 subscribed
to it already.
"Besides this, we have on hand from
various issues, or from what is known as
the loan fund, $115,000 more, so tnat now
we practically have $465,000 for public
works.
"We shall therefore have all that is
necessery for fifteen months for building
new roads to the coffee plantations, im
proving the harbors, erecting new school
housea and extending the water works.
The drain of $175,000 Jasl year, because of
the insurrection, took that much right out
of our direct receipts, but we paid it all
I without borrowing.
"Attorney-General W. O. Smith is in
China Btudying the cholera and black
plague. We recently appointed a medical
inspector in Yokohama, and General
Smith and Dr. Wood of the Board of
Health will appoint one in Hongkong and
onein Arnoy. This is done in order that
passengers for Hawaii may have medical
inspection. It is the intention of the
Government to protect the islands in every
possible way from disease."
POOLROOMS KNOCKED OUT.
Judge Wallace Sustains the Police
Court Decision.
Judge Wallace yesterday knocked out
the commission poolroom men. He af
firmed tbe decision of the Police Court in
tho case of James Bowlan, a clerk em
ployed by Goldtree & Co., who wa3 con
victed of misdemeanor for violating the
poolroom order.
The defense claimed that the money re
ceived was telegraphed to San Jose to be
placed, but Judge Wallace holds tin., to be
no defense, and although he wrote no
opinion the judgment of the lower court
was affirmed.
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
HAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
being one of the wokdkrs of the wobld, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali- |
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Care for Rheumatism, Liver, 1
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO »15 PER WEEK. !
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. V. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT I
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal. ■
— !
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS. j
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
T OCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
J J Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No foe, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south. ■,--■-
-PUKE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATEK Of the alkochaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia, |
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections, Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians.
JtOTKL AND COTTAGES. KSPECIAL^Y DE-
SIGNED FOR HKALTH AND COMFORT.
ALL modern improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. PFETCH, Saratoga, Cal.
<^'*%aIS The Beautiful
ffi^^^spjra HOTEL
IBiil> mum
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted Inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity. ' . = Vv
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
Mm m Ok m\ I A _K_ HOT SPRINGS,
IfIUAI %? 1 1 Moiit " ey conn -
rAnAloU!!p
health,rest,pleas-
ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the State. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
dally, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postollice. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
JViPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Bees Thebe Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Ctlmalo unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. . Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postotlice.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O.
WHEN IJKJAH
VISITING «JIVI/\II
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
mHISISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in Uklah, and it is headquarters for
tourists. ' '
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and. from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
LAUREL DELL,
PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAUREL DELL
1 Lake; new hotel, new sanitary provisions. . It
Is now one of the most attractive outing places in
Lake County. Rates $8 to $12 per week. Boating
and bathing free. Brine your bathing suits. Ad-
dress H. W.aMBOLD, Bertha P. P.. Lake Co, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
±-J resort In State; 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. P., Lake Co., Cal.
HOTEL EASTLAND,
Mill Valley, Marin County, *
NOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RE-
JN sort. • MRS. J. J. CULLEN, Prop.
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. ricriATH'S
HUNTING, FISHING, BATHING AND
camping out with the boys, and never had
such a good time before In my life. Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
going Into business again. I tell you that is the
place to go to have a real good time and complete
change. ' For particulars address A. B. McM ATii ,
JiullvlUe, Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake,
I-iAKEJ COUNTY, CAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
(lancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
yon like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest Hiagd
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be bad at, Highland
springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of Saa
Francisco.
From San Francisco It Co3t« only $8 for the
ronnfi trip, and the hotel rates are 31 50 to .$3 50
per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. V. Kailway via JPieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery St.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go •where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the" proprietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
"Absolutely the finest fishing In the West"—
Forest and Strrain.
LAKE TAHOE.
TALLAC HOUSE.
THE STJAIMER RESORT OP CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open l his season. Hotel
and grounds lighted by electric lights. All modern
improvements. Kates $15 to $21 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1.
RATES $10 TO $14 PER WEEK.
Great- reductions in fare toiiUlac this season.
The steamer " Tallac " carries its patrons free of
charge to and from all points on Lake Tahoe.
Bound trip ticket from San Francisco, Oakland,
(-'an Jose, Lalhropand Stockton. slB; Sacramento.
$13 50; S-'anta Barbara arid Los Angeles, $3:s 50.
Buy ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving
$3 on trip.
M. LAWRENCE & CO., proprietors.
Send for Illustrated circular,
For route and further Information Inquire o!
Southern Pacific Company's ticket office.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R.. via Sausalito ferry.
Train leaves at 1:4 5. Hotel Cnzadero rates. $1(
to $14 per week; Elira Grove Hotel rates, $6 to 98
per week; tents, $3 to $5 per week, send for cir-
cular. .
C. V. BURN'S, Proprietor,
Cnzadero, Cal.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
Is most picturesque.' soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious coda water which
It throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,001
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatlns and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus:
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams, seigler, Blue Lakes and >ar»toea. Fare
from San Francisco, $5 60; ronnl trip, $10. Spe
cial rates for families. H. B. WYATT. proprietor.
Soda Bay. KHsey vtUe. Lake County, Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bcrtrand's Hotel, riarln Co., Ca!
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE
llghtful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout fishing. bath-
Ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postofflce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week. •. : ■':■ "\
VICTOR W. KRAUSS, Manager.
JO*. F. BE KT RAND. Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor st., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. M.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
if Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure fo
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Diseases of Kidney!
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heii
to. For rates and fare apply to a 32 Sixth St.
W. J. O'NKllili, 133 Sixth St.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
. T,%KK COUNTS'.
■POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round
trip tickets at Southern Pactfl c oilices, $10: specla
conveyance daily. For inforni address JOHN
SPAULPINO, Selgler Springs, Lake County, Cal.
EL BONITO HOTEL
TVTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOR TKB
IN season- salt and fresh water bathing, hunting
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc. : term;
reasonable. G.W.MORGAN,.
. . . Duncans Mills. Sonoma Co., Cal.
URIAH STABLES AND STAGE COMPASI
\\r H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TORN]
' » . outs for commercial men, tourist and fishini
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palac
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage mcc.s al
trains. Daily stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. : '.
SUMMER BOARD NEAR SILROI
A PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT: KLE
gant climate, , fishing, bunting and scenery
i o£TV iii Tr^BOaißLY^Wlroy.
Ttfhen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
(Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the Cj?££.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
! A Place "Where the Invalid Can Surely
Regain. Hestlth— Where the Tourist
May Regale Himself (Jpou
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Kest, Refreshment and Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Animal Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural ■ Retreat, Where the Adjacent
. . Hills Are Clothed in Garments
of 3latchlesg Glory,
Wh*>re the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts His
<■ hast Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Mature Own Fountain.
TAKE 8 :15 A.M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
-L Third and Townsend streets, SV2 hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
tfS" Stage connects with train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
SANTA CATALISA ISLAND.
| Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
UNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat
; hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
: cinq, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
i concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
i Metropoie now open. Island Villa In July.
i For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
'ITi South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cat
i
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
Em B. Frasier, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, purest
air, colaest water, good shooting; line trout fish-
ing near by; regular mail; table supplied with the
I best In the market: vegetables from our own gar-
I den; good home cooking and home comforts: ac-
commodation from 20 to 30; season opens June 1.
' Distance and ' fares — Buy round-trip ticket, $12
(unlimited), at office of S. F. aud N. P. Railroao.
Kail 10 Uklub, thence by Berry bills popular stage
line via Potter Valley to Kanhedrin. lioom and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 per
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) ?1 per day. No
other charges, lor further particulars address L.
B. FBasikr, Saahedrin, or LADD'S GUN-
STORE, 9 Third St.. San Francisco.
I MARK WEST SPRIGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from Santa Rosa.
TSriTHITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
« ' bor; the place where you feel at home. Table
first Class. Croquet, Billiards, Shuflle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool, Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
Ing and limiting. Terms, $10 and %12 per week,
s^ecii! rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, S3 70. Baths free to guests.
KKESK & JUERGENSEN.
IT 1 f! rt fl HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
11/ A 1 ■ I ' V County, only 4V a hours from
\R II I tit\ San Francisco; but. 9 miles
1 1 |\ HI 111 1 1 staging: new road through.
WAX XX VI Vi M canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiiOit and other annoying
Insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. Jr. Ronnd-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Hates $12 a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGBEW, Proprietor.
LYTtON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK. FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging: i/g-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs In the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table flrst-cla33. Send for circulars.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Stace at Madroue every Monday, Wednes-
day aud Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:16 a. m.
' VIC roNCKLET, Llagas. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTTRINOEK. seavlew, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KHU.sF. & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars. '
INVERNESS.
TNVEP.NESS, MARIN COUNTY—
■L privileges to rent, and lots for sale: situated
on an inland bay; good beach: salt-water batnlng;
water 15 degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives; shooting and fish-
Ing; within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North
Pacific Coast Railroad. Stages meet trains. Apply
11 to 2 dally, 331 Montgomery street, room 51.
ASTORG SPRIXG JIMtAL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
X cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thonsinds in four
months In this city; no agents. A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth st., sole proprietor; Glenbrook. Hotel, Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has pi ivilege
of the water. (
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEAKT OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing and fishing: cottages for families; stage meets
morning train; terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LINDSEY, tilenwood,.Cal. . - .
MOUNTAIN SPRING FARM
WILL BE OPEN FOR BOARDERS JUNE 1.
Write for particulars WM. J. KOSS, proprie-
tor. (Mtvfll*. Nnpa County. Crl. :
SPEND YOUR VACATION AT
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine spring water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and
home comforts. Particulars apply MRS. V. «TU-
BENRAUSCH, box 159, Napa, Cal.
SUMMER BOARD AT BUBLIHBAHE.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address.. IRA G. HOITT.
Holtt'B School reopens August 4.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, BISKIYOO COUNTY, CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.'
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
HOME REST FOR THE SUM*MER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dress P. U. box 226.
/ETNA
SPRINGS.
Where lavish nature made a paradise of health
man has added the comforts of civilization, and
all are now at your disposal.
Swimming baths, tub baths, hotel, clubhouse,
recreation of all kinds.
Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena. Stage leaves there 10 a. m., stopping
at Angwins for lunch, but no long waits as in the
past. Returning the stage leaves the springs ac
10 A. M.— no getting up at 5 a. m. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, 357. Rates, $10 to $14 a week.
For further information call at 318 Battery st.,
San Francisco, or address W. L. MITCHELL,
manager. Udell P. P.. Napa County. Cal.
CILAVERASJIG TREES.
The Hotel Situated Right Among the
Sequoias is Now Open.
HERE IS FOUND THE FINEST OF FlSH-
ing. • Postolßce and Telephone office.
J. L. SPERRY, Manager.
THOMAS COOK & SON. 621 Market street.
S. F.. Agents. ■
VILLA LA JOT A,
Howell Mountain, \u\va County.
THAT BEAUTIFUL STONE-BUILT RESl-
dence will be let for the summer, with board,
on very reasonable terras: also two Furnished
Cottages. Postollice, Long-dlstanco Telephone and
Swimming Tank within half a mile.
T. ALGEttNON ELWELL,
Angwln, Napa County. California.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma Comity, Cal.
UNDER >' VV >I A N"A 31 EXT.
PATES $2 TO $2 50 PER DAY, $8 TO $14 PER
Xt week: all baths free.
. W. H. HARRIS. Proprietor.
(JO TO DIM SPRINGS,
rpwo MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNDOCINO
-L County, for your health and pleasure. • The best
medicinal mineral waters In the State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free nut
to 7:80 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, *10 per week.
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postoffice.
/COMPLETELY FURNISHKD COTTAGES OF
\J 6 rooms: also 10 partly furnished, &to 5 rooms
each, at Glen Ellen, Sonoma County. Address
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 Market sr.
S~ KYLAND, SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS,
would like a few boarders; new house, adjoin-
ing church and Postoflice; good view. For further
particulars address MRS. li. M. CLOUUH, Sky-
land. Santa Cruz County, Cal.
MONTE VISTA— DKLIGHTFUL KE-
sort in the Sierra pines is now open to guests;
terms reasonable with free carriage to and from
trains. Send for Illustrated circular descriptive of
scenery, climate, table and the new attractions of
1896, to C. K. KINNEY, proprietor, or C.
HAZARD, manager, Dutch Flat. Cal.
HOTEL VICTORIA, SO.VORA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to ¥16 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee.
HOTEL DEL MAR— THE SEASHORE; 20
XX minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled; surf bathing: sailing, row-
in?, fishing: buses meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week: adults. $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAQKR
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F.
TJIVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OF
XV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; rishtn?, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
f BELMONT, SAN MATEO .COUNTY,
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont.
TJROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE;
13 plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
/-IYPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
\J ble; home comforts. T. H. EP..EY. Napa, Cal.
fiHEAPEST AN» BEST IN AMERICA— THE
Vj WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United '.States or Canada one year for $1 50, post*
age free.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HOTEL EJPiRI,
FIRE-PROOF, ... ' *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with laths .
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with, private baths*
10 minutes from ness and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and th« Hudson Riter»
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L ?I to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. SI up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
hi New York W. JOHNSON QUINN, Mgr. .
WM. NOBLE, Propr. ,
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OK THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL. MIDNIGHT.
§Jw W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPECIALTY-DIS EASES OF MEN.INCLUIV
►-'Ing all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience.
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hoars. 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE BICXUI.TY, M. ».,
26,' a Hearnj Street, San FruncUcu, Cal*
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMAKI OF THE MARKETS
Silver unchanged.
Shipment of $ t)96,522 to China.
Wheat weak. Freights advanced.
Other cereals quiet and unchanged.
Middlings advanced.
Hay and^eans as before.
Potatoes stead v. Onions cheap.
Vegetables declining.
Butter steady. Cheese weak.
Ranch Erfgs slowly advancing.
Poultry plentiful and cheap.
Cherries wanted badly.
Peaches and Apricots steady.
Berries k ep up.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Dried Peaches and Raisins sell fairly.
Provisions, unchanged.
Increased revenue collections.
Loss in Gold Coin circulation.
Larger exports of specie.
EXPORTS OF SPECIK.
Exports of specie from this port for the first five
months of 1896 were 516.167.2: 5, against 810,
-595,256 for the same time m 1595. This year's
exports consisted of $-2,336,440 in silver bullion,
$3,323,400 in Mexican dollars, $9,341,948 iv gold
coin and $1,021,962 in currency and bouds.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal revenue collections in this district In
May were $126,051. For the first five months of
1896 they were $778,825, against $628,845 for the
same time in 1895. This year's collections in
clude $228,717 for beer. $446,831 for spirits and
$83,938 for cigars and tobacco.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of Gold Coin at San Francisco
for the first five mouths of the year was as fol
lows:
Paid for duties $2,261,800
Exported 9,431.900
To:al withdrawn $11,693,700
Coined same time 8,185,500
Ixmtolocal circulation $3,408,200
During the same time last year instead of loss
there was a net gain of $3,390,200.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Peru took out a treasure list of $696,522,
consisting of $H39.867 in Mexican Dollars, $1155
In Gold Coin, $342,000 in Silver Bullion, and $13,
-600 in Peruvian silver soles.
Explanation.
fn» arrow flies with tht wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
lays; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, "f melted st:ow in inches and hundredtbs,
•uring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of e<jnal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, 'ihe
wor>l "hiirh" means hisch larometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
reflen o low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
••Lows" usually flr.-u appear on the Washington
coa*i. When the pressure is liish in the interiol
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south aloris the coast, ruin is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain .south of Oregon is improb
able.' With a "higli" in Ihe vie nity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California' coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER liI'RKAD REPORT.
United States Department of AGBiCTTii-
TfRE. WKATHEB liI'BEAU, SaS FRANCISCO, June
10, 1896. 5 v. M-— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 5190, last season 46.33; Red Biuff 22.43,
last season 29.71; San Francisco 21.25, last season
25.70; Fresno 8.16. last season 14.67; San Luis
Obispo 17.70, last season '26.04; Los Angeles 9.35,
last Benson 16.10; San Diego 5.93, last season
12.-20: Yuma 88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
hr.reka 58, Red Bluff 88, San Francisco 73,
Fresno 9?, San Luis obispo. 92, Los Angeles 84,
San Dieuo 72, Yuma 1 12.
sari Francisco data— Maximum temperature 73,
minimum 53, mean 158
The pressure is highest this evening in the
vicinity of Vancouver island and lowest in
Southern Arizona. The change in pressure In
that distance amounts to more than eight-ten hs
of an inch. These are typical conditions for clear
weather and dry hot northers in California. The
temperatures In the Interior ol tills state to-night
vary irom 88 at Red Bluff to 10K at Yuma. The
maximum at the latter place to-day was 112 de
■rreea 1 onsl leraWy higher temperatures are an
lii-ipited through6ut California, Nevada and Utah
Thnrsiay. The riieh temperatures will continue
Friday, except perhaps along me immediate coast.
1 orecaal made at San 1-rancisco for thirty hours
ending mi Lnlght, Jane 11, 1896:
Nor; hern California— Kair: still warmer Thurs
day; brisk to high northerly winds; a hot
norther.
Sourhern California— Fair; warmer in all but
the extreme east portion Thursday; brisk north
erly winds a hot norther.
Nevada and Utah— Fair; much warmer Thurs
d iy.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; still warmer
Thursday; light to fre^h northerly winds.
\V. 11. llAJtMox, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.., June 10.— Trading at the
Stock Exchange was more active to-day and as of
late the increase of business was at the expense of
values. The opening was rather weak, the. Im
pression prevailing that the silverites will receive
more consideration at St. Louis :han Eastern peo
ple have been led to believe. Washington houses
were free sellers of the list, and late in the day
w ,eu It was rumored th.it President Cleveland in
tended to send a message to Congress sustaining the
Insurgents in t üba, prices broke rapidly. The re
port proved 10 be unfounded. The engagement of
a small amount of go.'d for export to Europe was
used against the market.
The pressure to sell was most pronounced in the
case of the South westerns, grangers. Louisville and
Nashville, the Internationals, Pacific Mall and
Tennessee Coal and lion. The decline In prices
ranged from % to 3*4 per cent, Missouri Pacific
leading. In the late trading a steadier tone pre
vailed, the rumor that the President, nad sent a
message to Congress on Cuban matters havinc
been denied. Prices Immediately recovered i/ 8 @
18/g per cent, sugar showed the greatest strengtn.
The improvement, however, was not general, and
In the final transactions the market was irregular
and in the main weak. Net. changes show losses
of 1 /4@23/ 8 per cent. Lackawanna sold at 160,
against 165 the last reported sale. The total
transßC-ons were 264,300 shaies.!
The railway and miscellaneous bond market was
active ana weak, the sales footing up $1,211,000.
A ichison general fours fell 1% to 76%. do adjust
ment fours 1--4 to 88%, Chicago mil Northern
Pacific fives certificates 1% to 41, Kansas and
Texan seconds 1 to 56. Wisconsin Central-fives
certificates 3 to 31.
In Government bonds $86,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 1163,4, $19,000 do registered at 116%,
$6000 coupon fives at 112% and $10,000 regis
tered do at 112%.
Grain.
FLOOR — Quiet, steady. : Winter ' wheat,
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WhEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1934.
■■ ; : " BRANCH OFFICK
6°3 Market SU, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
J. B. PUKDY, Manager., -. :.< .
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Hank, 8. F.
CHICAGO." - PRIVATE WIRE. WJBW \OKK.
low grades, ?1 70©2 85 : do fair to fancy,
$•> 45@3 65: do patents, $3 70@3 90: Minnesota
clears. 45@H 05: do straits, $2 95®3 55: do
patents, *3 4!>@4 46; low extras, $1 90@2 85; city
mills, $4 05@4 15; do patents. $4 !50(0,4 55: rye
mixture. $2 60@3 20; supeni-ie. *1 9f>@J 20: fine,
$1 70(g1'2 10. Southern flour, quiet: common to
extra, *2 2U@« 80; good to choice. 92 80@3 10.
Rye Hour, quiet, steady, at *2 40@2 80.
COHNMEAL— Quiet: yellow Western, $2 06
@2 10:.Brandywlne, *2 15.
RYE— Easy; Western, 40% c. . ♦
BARLEY— Nominal;- ungraded Western. 39®
41c.
BARLEY MALT— Quiet; Western, 48@53c.
WHEAT— Lower, closing firm; f. o. b., 72% c;
ungraded red, 63<6>73c; Na 1 Nortnern, 67% c.
Options were active and unsettled, closing weak
at "vg^iygc decline on weaker cables, lower West,
foreign selling and local liquidation: July and
September most active. No. 2 red. June, 74i^c:
July, 64c; August, 63% c; September, 63:540;
December, 653/ g c.
CORN — Du.i, firm: No. 2, 33i4@33y 2 c, ele
vator; 34Vi@34%c afloat.
Options were dull and firm at nnchanged prices
with only a local trade. July and SeptemDer most
active; June. 333 c: July, 34y 8 : August, 34% c;
September, 35Vgc; October, 35% c.
OATS— HuII; steady.
Options dull, easier. July, 22% c.
Spot prices: No. '2, 22%?: No. 2 white, 24% c:
No. 2 Chicago, v!3@23Vic; No. 3, 21 %c: No 3
white, 1!2%c: mixed Western. 23@-2ic; white
Western and white Mate, 24%@'.!8c.
FEED BRAN— Unchanged, 50@60c.
MlDDLlNGS— Unchanged, 6O(g>tssc.
RYE— Unchanged; feed. 6oc.
j'roTisio:i!t. j
BEEF-Quiet; steady; family, $8 50@9; extra
mess, $6@7: beef hams, inactive, $14 60: tierced
beef, firm and quiet; city extra India mess, $11®
12; cut meats, strong, quiet; pickled bellies, 12
pounds, 4@-iyBC: do shoulders, 4*,4@4%c; do
hams, 9ij4@93/ic.
LARD— Quiet: lower; Western steam, $4 87%;
city, $4; July, $4 40. Refined, dull: weak: conti
nent, $4 60; South American, $5 10; compound,
4@414c. - '' ■
PORK-Easy; moderate demand; old mess,
$7 26@)!$ 50: new mess, $8 75@9.
BUTTER— Fancy, steady, fair demand; State
dairy, 10@15c; do creamery. 11@16%C: Western
dairy, SaiUV-c; do creamery, Iiy 2 @15y 3 c; do
factory, He; Eiglus, 16y 2 Imitation
creamery, iu®l2c.
CHEESE— -Active; steady: State large, new,
6y 2 @6S/8c; do small, new, 4@7c; part skim, 2®
4%c: full skims new, li/!>@2c.
I. cos.— State and Pennsylvania, 12% c;
Western fresh, ll©12c; do per case, $2@3.
TALLOW- city, 3y c: country, 3y B @3i,4c.
COTTONSKED OlL— Nominal; crude, 2uc; yel
low prime. 24«4@25c: off grades, 24@:5c.
i-KTUuLKL M.— Steady.
RESIN — Steady: strained, common to good,
$1 70@l 72%.
TURPENTINE— QnIet, steady: 25%@26c
POTATOES— Steady, good demand; Southern,
75c@$3 60; old, 76c@'$l.
RlCE— Steady: Domestic, lair to extra,
80594 C.
MOLASSES— steady, quiet; New Orleans open
kettle, good to choice, 27(«37c.
COFFEE— Unchanged to 5 points up; July, $12;
August, $11 05: September, $10 66: October,
$10 30: December, $10 10. spot Rio, dull, steady;
No. 7, 1314 c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady, dull: fair refining,
3 5-16 c; centrifugals, 96 test, 3 13-1 6 c. Kenned,
quiet; standard A, 5 5-16 c; confectioners'
a, 4 15-16 c; cut loaf, 5 11-16 c; crushed,
6 11-16 c; powdered, 53/ c; granulated, 6 l-16c;
cubes, 5 6-16 c
fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, By.>@loc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, %< It), 12@13c; do nnpeelea,
6%(28c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal. sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown, 3Vi®33/ 8 c; do three
crowu, 4(g4y4C: do tour-crown, i\ -aSc: do London
layers, 90c@*$l.
HOPS— Steady"; State common to choice, 2%@
8c: Pacific Coast. 2y 2 @7c.
WOOL— Moderately active: steady: domestic
fleece, 15@21c; pulled, 15@33c: Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderately active; American,
10 75(313.
COPPER-Quiet; lake. $11 40@ll 60,
LEAD— FIat; domestic. $3.
TIN-Dull: straits. *13 25@13 30.
PLATES— Quiet.
SPKLTEK-Quiet; domestic $4 05@410.
CHICAGO MAJIK.KTS.
CHICAGO, 111, June 10.— Preparatory to the
receipt of the Government to-day there was a gen
eral evening up in the wheat market and as the
lon* Interest was greater than the short the
process cost the price considerable a: the start, but
later when the offerings were about exhausted a
rally occurred, There was, however, no stability
ID the tone and no inclination to attempt a bull
movement. It was surmised that the Government
would be more conservative in Its figures on the
crop than have been the state bureaus ana that
theory was without doubt the main weakening in
fluence.
Liverpool cables were weak and %d lower. Re
ceipts in the Northwest were 354 cars against 373
cars last Wednesday ana 161 a year ago. Chicago
had 11 cars and inspected out llu,'c>Bs busueis.
Toward tr.e close the New York stock market
having become weak, wheat declined farther In
sympathy. Closing Paris and Berlin cables were
lower, and Antwerp unchanged. Expon clearances
were fair at 340.1.51 bushels.. July wheat opened
from 581,4 to 5734 c, sold between 58% a "d 57c,
closing ai 673/gc. %@ilc lower than yesterday.
Estimated receipts fur to-murrow, 18 cars.
CORN— Nothing calculated 10 help corn prices
was heard, but, on the contrary, the information
was almost entirely of the kind that is welcome to
bears. Receipts were 161 cars over the estimate,
376 cars arriving. Liverpool cables were lower.
The principal reason for weakness, however, was
the heavy tone of the wheat market. Withdrawals
from store were 174,142 bushels. Export clear
ances amounted to 2-20,654 bushels. Active spec
ulative trading had gone from the July in:o the
September option. September corn opened at
28 %c, sold between 291/s and 28% c, closing at
28?/ B e, a shade under yesterday, .estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow, 500 cars.
OATS— Were quiet aud presented much the
same appearance as corn. Buyers and holders
tin i no encouragement in the outlook and agree in
the opinion that an accident is the only hone they
have. Receipts were 188 cars and -28,617 bushels
were withdrawn from store, hxport clearances
amounted to 256,452 bushels. July oats closed
unchanged from yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 215 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 80@80%c; July,
81c asked; September, 81%@82c. Receipts were
14 cars.
PRO VlSlONS— Averaged -weak. A heavy run
of hogs at the yards worked demoralization in the
market at that place. In the natural order of
things, product opened in an unsettled and weak
condition. Then: were buying orders in pork,
however, the execution of which helped the price
of that commodity, but lard and ribs were per
mitted to sink. Later, the demand showed some
activity, and Driers improved slightly, but
eventually earlier conditions again controlled the
market. July pot closed 5c higher, July lard
6@7y2C lower, July ribs 5c lower.
iiUTTER— The butter market was active, but
lower. Supplies were liberal and the quality very
good. At the d-'lcine in price a steady
feeling developed. Creameries— Extras, 14y 2
firsts, 13%@i4c: seconds. 10@12c; Imitations,
fancy, 12c. Dairies— Extras, 12c; firsts, lie;
secomis, 9c. Ladles— Extras. 10@10%c; firsts,
B%@iic; packing stock, t-c; roll, 6^,7a
r.-Aifi— Quiet and steady, .stocks were large and
the demand slow. Fresh stock, 9@it %c f* dozen.
MONEY — Was quiet at s@li% on call and U(s7%
on timb loans. New \ orK. exchange sold at 70c
premium.
losing Prices.
WHEAT— June. 57i/ 8 s; July, 673/ ac; Septem
ber, 588/ 8 c
COKi\-June. 273/ c; July, 27y«c; Septem
ber, 28y B e.
OAJ»— .ulv. 173/4.C; September, 18@18y 8
May. 203/i@2OV/ c.
tOltK- july. *7 10: September. $7 '47y 2 .
LAKD— July, »4 12%; September, $4 2.%.
hliib— July, *3 721,2. Septemoer, $3 87%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ili., June 10. — Offer
ings of cattle to-day were moderate and pricei
were firm. The demand was good. The supply oi
hogs was enormous. Buyers were slow to take
hold and prices under the circumstances were
weak and 10c lower. The sheep market was
glutted. Prices declined 16(»20c. The demand
was fiir from brisk.
CAI.TLK - Receipts. 13,000. Fancy beeves,
1 4 25 &4 40; choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
Steers. f-iq.X'2o: good to choice steers.-. 1200
10 1600 pounds, $3 80iai3 85: medium steers, 1000
to ]6UO pounds. $3 tiO;<3,3 75: common to talr steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 30®3 85: feeders,
SOU to 1200 pounds. $3 50@:-; 80; common to choice
stocsers. $2 85@3 60: Dulls, cnoice 10 extra. $2 80
<&3 25; cows and heifers, extra, $3 25&3 50; cows,
fair to choice, *2 26(g10 25: cows, common to fair
canners*. *1 25®2 20: calves, common to good $3(8
4 ft); Texas fed steers. $2 9003 85: Texas grass
steers, $2 40®3 10: Texas cows and bulls. $2 H)(Vj
2 95; milkers and springers, per head, $20@35;
common t'> choice stockers, *2 1i5(g.;546: balls,
choice 10 extra, $2 80>«.3 00; bo.li, poor to cnoice.,
$2 00(3,2 75: calves, good to choice. $4 60(&5 10.
HOOM— Receipts. 42,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $3&3 30: common to choice mixed,
*3(OiM 35; choice assorted. 43 40(53 45; light,
83ia«,:-f 45; pigs, $2 60*3 45.
sjiiii-r— iuc»-ij.)is. '24,000. inferior to cnolcek
f21t385; lambs. $2-^3 '20.
CALIFORNIA FKUIT SALES.
BOSTON, Mass., June 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit in the Union Auction
today at the following prices: Cherries—
Bigarreau, $lv4o@ll v 4o@l 66 per box; Black Tartarian
80c@$l 50: Governor Wood $1 20@l 30.
Porter Bros. Company sold at open auction to
day California fruit as follows: Cherries—Rock
ports' $1 15@1 70;Biearreaus, $1 25@1 50; Tar
tarian*, $1 16@1 45: Black .hagles, £l 36; Gov
ernor Woods, 80c@U 30.
CHICAGO. 111., June 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit, in the Union Auction
to-day, realizing prices as follows: Cherries— As
sorted, $145 per box; Black Tartarian, $1 10(g
1 25: Black Bigarreau, $I@l 25; Governor Wood,
$1 15.
Porter Bros. Company sold a: open auction to
day California fruit as follows: Apricots—
SI 30@2 20; Newcastle*. $1 f;0@l 65. Plums— St
Catherines, sl 70@2; ClymanK,sl 65@195: Cher
ry, »1 15@1 25 and in 10 lb boxes, 50&65 c.
Peaches— Alexanders, $1 30@l 55. • Cherries— As
sorted, 91 16@1 50; Bigarreaus,sl 10@l 40; Royal
Anns, 65c@$l 40: Tartarlans, 95c@$l 35; Rock
ports. 81 20; Governor Wood, $1 20; Republi
cans, BUc@sl 15; Centennials, 90c.
. NEW YORK, N. V., June 10.— The EarlFruil
Company sold California fruit in the Union Auc
tion to-day, realizine the following prices: I'lumi
—Clymans, ?1@2*20 per half crate. Aprlcots-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 11, 1896.
Royal 91 30@l 95 per half crate: seedlings. 90c®
Sfl"7o. Peacnes— Alexanders, 95c@$l 55 per box.
Cherries-Black : artarian, 65c@$l 35 per box;
Black Bisarreau, 66c(i$l.
Porter Bros, company sold to-day at open auction
California fruit as follows: Peaches— Alexanders,
*1 CO. I'lums— Clymans. 91 10@l 60. Apricots-
Seedlings, $I@l 40; Royals, 91 10@l 26. Cher
ries—Bigarreaus, 70c@$l 40; nockpor-s, 9125®
1 35; Tanarians, 70c@?l 26; half boxes, as
sorted, 91 20.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1%@2%: last loan at U%
and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile paper,
4y,@5%. Bar silver, 68% c. Mexican dollars,
63VaC. Sterling Exchange is firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at 94 87% for
sixty aays and 94 88% for demand. Posted
rates, $4 88@4 89- Commercial bills, 94 86
@4 8634. Government bonds were easier;
ntate bonds dull; railroad bonds lower. Silver at
the board was steady.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable.. . . 90% Norfolk & Westrn. 4
Atchison 13% Preferred. 93,4
Preferred 19% Northern Pacifle... 4
Adams Express... .l 47 i Preferred. 13%
Alton, Terre Haute M) Northwestern 101
American ExpressllO Preferred 1451/2
American ToDacco. 64 N. Y. Central 943/ i
Preferred 97 N.Y.,Chicago<fcS.L. 11%
BavStateGaa '26% Ist preferred 70
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17»/ 8 2d preferred 28%
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y. <fc N. H. 176
Buffalo, Roch <fe P. 19 N. Y. & New Eng. 40%
Canada Pacific 61% N. V., Susq & W... f
Canada Southern.. 483/ 4 Preferred 22V4
Canton Land 50% Ontario 12
Central Pacific 14% Ontario <fc Western 13%
Ches. & Ohio x 4% Oregon Improvmut 1
Chicago Alton. 155 Preferred
Preferred J7O Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. <fc Q.... 76V4 Oregon Short Line. 5
Chicaso& E. 111... 41 iPacinc Mail 23
Preferred 99 iPeoria, D. <fe Evans 1
ChlcagoGas 66i/ 4 !Pittsburg & W. pfd 15
Clcvott Pittsbarg..ls3 'Pullman 1'a1ace....166
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. %
Consolidated Ga5..153y 2 Preferred 14
C. C. C. &Su Louis 32 Reading 73/ i
Preferred 82 RioGrandeAWestn 15
Colo. Fuel <fc iron.. 2^14 Preferred 40
Preferred lUO Hock Island 6rt%
Cotton Oil Cert 113/Sjßome Wat4.Ogden.ll6
Commercial Cable. 150 ,St. L. <fe S. W 3%
Dei. Hudson 126 Preferred 99 1 *
Del. Lack* Westrn. 160 St. Paul 74%
Denver &R. G 12 | Preferred 128y 3
Preferred 46V* St. Paul <fc Dulnth. 22
Distillers 143/ 4 ; Preferred 85
General Electric... 30% St. Paul & Omaha. 41%
Erie 13V* Preferred 124
Preferred :uy 3 St. P. M. &M 112
Fort Wayne 163 Isilver Certificates. 6884
(in-at Northern pfdllS iSouthern Pacific... 18y 2
Greenßay %Southernß.R 81/4
Harlem." 295 j Preferred 26^4
Hocking Coal l%!Sugar Refinery ....121%
Hocking Valley.... 16y 2 Preferred 103'^
Homestake. 33 Term. Coal & Iron. 2034
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central 90 Texas Pacific 7%
lowa Central 7% ToI.A.A.A N.Mich.
Preferred 30 ITOI. & Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas* Texas... 10% Preferred. 70
Preferred 22 Tol.St.Loins& K.C. 5
KingsionJi Pern... 3 Preferred 6
Lake Erie <fe Westn 171/i'Cnlon Pacific 6%
Preferred 6S U. P. Den <fe Gulf.. 1»4
Lake Shore 149V4'u. S. Cordage 5
National Lead , 23v a Preferred 9%
Preferred 86% Guaranteed 19y a
Long Island U. S. Express 40
Louisville* Nash. 4734 rj. s. Leather 8%
Lonisville NadcCh B»Ai Preferred 52%
Preferred. .... 18 U. S. Rubber 183^
Manhattan C0n501. 103% Preferred 79-
Memphis* Charls. 16 Utica &B. River.. 160
Mt-xicanCentral... 9S^ Wab. ». L. & Pac.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 95 . Preferred 16
MinnctS. L. :\Vells-Fargo 96
Preferred [Western Union 84%
Minn & St. L com. 15 Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 76 iWheeiing &L. E.. 9
2d preferred 45 Preferred 84
Missouri Pacific 20s/ t !Am Cotton Oil pfd. 64yg
Mobile* Ohio IP%|\V. U. Beef 8
Nnshville & Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 8%
Na:ional Linseed.. 16 Preferred 22
N. . I. Central 103 Brooklyn Traction. 23Vi
North American... 4^,4 Krie 2d pfd 23
CLOSINU BONUS.
U S 4s, registered.. 108 |M X T 2ds 56
Uo 4s. coupon.... 109y t | Do 4s 82
U S 4s new, regstrdll6y 2 iMutual Union 65... 114
Do 4s, coupon 116y..JN J Cent Gen 55. ..119
J.o -2s 94% Northern Pac 15ta.116%
Do 5s 112^4 Do2ds 114
1i) ss. coupon 1123^ Do3ds 6»%
Cherokee 4s, 1896. 1U0 jNorthwest Consols.lS7
Do 1897 10j j Do deb 6s 108
Do 1898 10 1 OK & N Ists. H2y 3
Do 1899 100 :StL*lronMtGenss 771/2
Pacific -is of '95 St L& S F Gen 6s. 11 21 4
D C 3-»iss 109 Vl St Paul Consols. . . .189
Ala Class A4s Ki6 St PC* Pa 15t5... 11 8
Do Class r. 4, 55..10tt Do Pac Cal Ists. .llo
La Consol 4s 99 Southern RR 55... 92
Missouri funding. .. Texas Pacific Ists. S5
N Carolina con 65. .123 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 19%
Do 4s 102 XTnion Pac Ists "86.104 V»
So Carolina 4%5... 106 [West Shore 4 s. 106%
Term new 3s 88 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 66
Va fundlni: debt... 68 RGrandeWest lsls 76
Do registered Ches 4 Ohio ss. ...107
Do deferred 65... 5 AtchUon 4s 77%
Do trust rcpis st. 6 Do 'ids A 39Mt
Canada Sou 1 h2d5..104'/4iG H A S A 6s .. ..105
Ceti Pac Ists 0f '95.102% Do 2d 7s 97%
Den * P. G Ist 1 10y- H * Tex Cent 65. .109
Do 4s 91 \ Docon6s 100
Erie 2ds 63%!Readlng 4s 78
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri 6s. 100
Kb Pa lats Den divlllVil
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Esu., June 10.— The spot market
is lower at 6s 5%d. Cargoes weak at 26s 3d, ar
rived.
FCTtTBES.
Tne Produce Exchange cableglves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
ss; July, ss; August, ss; September, 6s; October,
6s.
BECUBITIES.
LONDON, Eng.. June 10.— Consols, 113%; sil
ver, 31 6-16 d; French Rentes. lOlf 66c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 881/4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 489%
Sterling Cables — 4 80
New York Exchange, 5ight....... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Fine silver, "§ ounce — . 68%
Mexican Dollars.... 54% 55
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Sharpshooter takes for Mary
borough 16.438 ctls, valuea at $21,000.
The market is quiet and prices show very little
change. No. 1, 97y 2 c@sl %» ctl; choice, $L Oly*®
1 02%: lower grains, y2Vs®96c; sxtra choice for
milling, $1 05@l 15 $ ctl.
CALL BOABD BALES.
Informal Suwms- 10 o'clock— December— 2oo
tons, 89c; 100, 98% c; 100, 983,4 c.
l; h .,.iLAB MoKNiNfl session— December— 6oo
tons, 9SV 4 c: 100, 983/gc; 200, 98% c; 100, 9834 c;
100, 98<y 8 c
Aftkrxoon Session — December — 2000 tons,
98 14 c: 300, 98S/ S c.
B-VKLEV- Business Is quiet at previous prices.
Feed, 70(<d7iyic ctl; choice, 72y 2 @73%C;
Brewing, 77%(g»85c.
CAIX BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, 703/ 8<:8 <: 100, 70y a c: 30U, 7UfyjC; 100, 70»/ 4 c.
Kxgi'Uß Mobsimi session— Decpm her— loo
tons, 7iy 8 c: 100. 7iy*c; 100, 71% c; 7iO, 7iy 2 c.
ArTKRNoox SEBBION-100 tons, 7iy*c; 400,
71c; 100, 70% c.
OATS— Milling quotable at 86@87yaC V ctl:
fancy Feed, 87%fd192y 3 ; good to choice, B'2%@
87y 2 c; common to fair, 75@80c; Gray, 80@H5c;
Surprise, 92%cku$1 %* ctl.
CORN— Large\ellow, 87y 2 <a9oc; Small Bound
do, 97% c: White, 80@S5c %i ctl.
RVK-75(0i76y4C f, Oil.
BUCKWJIKA 1 — 85@90c ctL
FLODB AND MILI-STUrFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 ii bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 75@3.
(ouxmkaL, ETC. — Feed Corn, »19 60@20;
C racked Corn, $20 60@21 %* ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10- Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
23,4 c: live Flour, 3i,4c; Rice Flour, 7y 2 c; Corn
meal, 2S4@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
3%c: Oat Groats, 4%c: Hominy, 4fe4%c; Buck
wheat Flour, -lc; Cracked Wheat, Sy a c; Farina,
4y 2 c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats, 414 c;
1 earl Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
61/4 C%i I2>.
HAY AND FKKDSTUFFB.
BRAN-515@16 f> ton.
MIDDLINGS— 111 her at $17@18 ft ton for lower
grades and $18 50@19 50 ~? ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $20 per ton; jobbing, $21;
Cottonseed oilen^e, 21 %* ton.
HAT— New Wheat quotable at .sß@lo 60 ft ton;
New Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9 50 V ton; Dew
Oat, $7@B $ ton; new Barley, $6 50@7 50 f,
ton. Old Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat, $8®
11 50 9 ton: Oat, «7@9: Wheat and Oat. $8@11;
Barley, $7®B 50 ?>. ton; Clover, $6@7 50 •$ ton:
Compressed Oat. $6 50@8: Compressed Wheat, $7
©10 50; .-Mock, $6@7 per ton.
STR A W— 2o@4oc * bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Qnotable as follows: Bayos, 90c
$1; Small Whites, $1 25@1 35; Pea, *$1 20®
1 SO: Large Whites, 90er»$l: Pink, 85@95c; Reds,
$1 25; Blackeye, 75; Red Kidney, nominal;
Limas, $2 50@2 70: Butters, $1 40© i 60 for small
and $1 25@1 50 for large. .
SEEDS— Quotations are as follows: Brown
Mustard ,sl 50@2 25;Triestp,$2@2 Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 60: Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary,234c
V m; Alfalfa, 7%@9% » «>; Rape, 2y 2 c*lL;
U imn<flM?J?A*-f 1 25@1 40 ft cU for N lies and
$1 25@1 45 for Green. »->'•
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The market continues In , good
shape for sellers. New 1 otatoes, In sacks, 85c@
$1 15; new Early Rose In boxes from the River,
80c@l 25 $ ctl: new Burbank Seedlings, $I@l 36;
Oregon Hurbauks, 85@95c: Early Rps& i 6o@6oc:
Petaluma and Tom ales. 65@76c V ctl; Humbolat
t ■ Burbanks, 70@86c * ctl. *
ONIONS— Are abundant and unchanged at 20®
30c •$ ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 615 boxes As
paragus, 143 boxes Rhubarb and 312 sacks £eas.^
String Beans, Summer Squash and Garlic are
"summer Squash. $1 @ 1 50 for Bay and _4Oo
@75c $ box in small coxes: Egg Plant, — # tb ,
Tomatoes, $I@l 60 . '«* box: Cucumbers, 6 °°
01 1 dozen?* Asparagus, 50c@$l_l» box for
ordinary and SI '25@2 . for extra: Rhubarb, 40
O*l * box: Dried Peppers, 6@12%c: Green
Peppers. rb: Green Peas, 50(«7oc t* sack for
common and $I@l 25 for Garden: String Beans,
4@6c 9 lb; Horse Be*ans. V , sack: Dr^d
Okra, 12% c; Cabbage, 46@50c *ctl; Garlic, 2@
3c $ lb. -
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Steady at the quotations.
CBEAMEBY-Fancy, 14y a @16c. second*. 13®
Dairy- Fancy, 13@13y a c; good to choice, 12®
12y 3 c; lower grades, ll@llV»c- _ „, „„„
CHEESE— Quo ed as follows: Fancy mild new
@ XG C G^a UU n ch 12 |^s V3C are --WIT advancing.
Eastern Kgts, 10®l'2c » doz: store Kggs, llfaa^c:
rand. Eg«s, I3@isc, wHh sales at 16c; DuckJEggs,
14@15c lidoz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Geese are demoralized. Hens are
weak and dull, owing to tne free receipts irom tne
East. In fact all kinds are weak. ,„,„ ,„,
Live Turkeys, 12@14ofor Gobblers, 10®12c for
Hens: Geese, » pair, 60c@$l: Ducks. $3@4;
for ola and $4@4 50 for young: Hens, 93 ai-@
4 60; Roostws, voting, $6 60@7: do old , ?4@
4 50: Fryers, $5@5 50; Broilers. $8 50© 4 for large
and S2@3 for small; Pigeons, 91 25@1 50 * do*
for young and old.
— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
1355 boxes, selling at 65@80c for White, 75c@$l
* box for Black, and 90c@$l 10 for Royal Anne.
Cherries in bulk, 6%@7y 3 c *lb for White ana 7®
B%c for Black and B@9c for Royal Anne. The
market was very stiff, and dealers had to telegraph
to the country to get stock enough to fill orders,
aDd even then some were disappointed.
P?aches, 50c@$l ■$ box. and 75c * basket.
Plums, 76c@«l %*4 crate. v
Cherry Plums. 40®ii0c V box. .__.„„ _ hoa
Red Apples. 76cg,?l ? box and 40@50c f» bas
ket; Green Apples, 50@750 ¥ box I. small and
91@1 50 in large boxes and 30@50c
Green Pears, 40@60c %l box and 25@35c ?» Das
ket.
Royal Apricots, Boc@sl "$ box.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 298
chests, selling at $B@lo f* chest for Longworths
and $4@6 for large berries.
, Gooseberries, 2@3c * lb In bulk for ordinary,
i wltn meager supplies.
Raspberries, $S@l2 $ chest. Newcastle Raspber
ries, $I@l 25 crate. .„. „1,
Black berried, $6@7 $ chest and 91 25@1 60 ft
crate.
Currants. 94@5 ?, chest and some fancy goods go
even higher. Mildewed stock sells down to $3.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges are quotable
at $1 60@2 25 "# box for Seedlings, $3@4 %* bx for
Navels, $1 75@2 60 for Malta floods and $1 50frf>
2 60 for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, *1@ !
1 50 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, ; California Limes, $1 'H box;
Bananas, $I@2 '$ bunch; Pineapples, $3@6 $
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Peaches and Raisins continue
to sell fairly, but the demand Is not as brisk.
The following prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Cabload Lots— Apples, 2 @2c 1b for quar
tered, for sliced and 4@4%c for evaporated;
Peaches, ?@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 6%@
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc %i
Ib for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2%c for un
pressed; White Flrs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c "& tb
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c "$ 1b for quarters:
Prunes. 3@3Vic; Plums, 3Vbci? tt> for pitied and
l%@2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3y a f(*sc '?, lb for
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy. . ■"
Jobbing Prices— Evaporated Apples, 4@*%c
¥ Ib; sun-dried, l%@2e; Peaches. 3%@5c and be
for fancy: peeled in boxes, 12% C«* lb; Prunes, 3V 2
f)4c for four sizes, 6c for 40(ol50'8 and 4%c for
o@eO'a: Apricots, 6%@9c for prime to choice,
10(aill for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c;
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears, 8c ? lb for evaporated
halves and 4@7%c for quarters: Plums, 3%@4c
for pitted and l@l%c for.unpltted: Nectarines,
4Ktsc ~$ tb for prime to choice.
RA ISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. *an Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3%c; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown,
2y«c ¥> tt>: seedless Sultanas, 3%@33 / i c; seedless
Muscatels, 2 1 /o@'2''4c: 3-crown London layers, 70c
H box: clusters, $1 35@1 50; Deheaa clusters,
*2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, 92 60@2 75: Dried
Grapes, V tb.
Jobbing Pbic«s— Four-crown loose, 3%@4c; 3
crown, 31/4 C Ib: 2-crown, 23,4@3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c * lb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, $1 60@l 75:
Debesa clusters, $ 2 50; Imperial dusters, 92 75;
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc H tb
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c * lb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7V«c "£ tb for Langue
doc and; B%@loc for paper-abell. jobbing; Pea
nuts, sy@7cy @7c for Eastern and 4%@5%c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuis. s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
arid 8c for polished: Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9®loc^! lb: Cocoanuts, *4 60{gj5 ■# 100. - " "
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c V lb for
bright ana B@9c <$ tb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 5<a.5y 3 c "$ Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4\4@4%c; dark amber, 4c; dark, i.'@3c
BEESWAX-25@-7%c » tb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6c V
Ib for heavy, 7c '$ lb for light medium, 9c "^ Ib for
light, 10c for extra lieht and 12c "$ tb for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie 1?. Ib: Cali
fornia Hams, 10c $ tt>: Mess Beef, $7 50&8:
extra mess do, $8 50(ai9; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, $8 50@9: extra clear. $14 9 bbl;
mess, $12 V bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c * lb.
LARD— tierces is quoted at 614 c Ib
for compound and 6%c for pure; pails. 7y c;
California tierces, sVic tor compound 1 nd 6Vic tor
pure: half-bbls, 6Vi@6%c; 10-lb tins, 714 c; do
6- lb, 7*4 *© Ib.
COTTOLKNE— 6@6i,ic in tierces and 6 %@7y c
V lb in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOVF, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers,
7@7%c lb; culls and brands. 6@6%c %». Ib:
medium, C®6V2C; culls and brands. 5@5%c: light,
6c: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5@5%c: culls
and brands, 4® i%c: salted Kip, 6c «* Ib; sailed
Calf, 7@Bc: salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 10y2@llc:
culls and brands, B@ByaC; dry Kip and Veal, B@)9c:
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20®35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer.
30c; medium. 15(£25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 10@15c each: short wool, 2t©
3;. c each: medium. 40;gt50c each; long wools, 50®
60c each. Culls of all kind, about y 3 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3y4(g)3y c: No. 2,
8c: refined. 5%@5%c: Grease, 2y 3 c *$ lb.
WOOL— Valley Oregon is quoted at 9@10%c;
ao lower grades. 8(g,9%c *$ lb; Nevada, 6@9c;
Han Joaquiu and southern Coast, six months, 4(fl)bc;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7(g,Bc: San
Joaquin, year's Hvecr, 4%<a6%c; northern free,
7@9c;do defective. 6@tsy a c |» a>.
liopy-iy a ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Baes, spot, $4 25; June-
July delivery. $4 37%; San Quentin, $4 20; Wool
Bags, 24%@26%C.
COAL— Wellington. $8 $ ton; New Wellington,
$8 %l ton; t-'outhtield Wellington, $7 50 "& ton;
Seattle, $5@5 60; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, $7: Scotcn, $7 50; Brymoo. $7 50;
Cumberland, $11@1'2 in bulk and $13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg«. $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: funnel, $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $i:^ "$ ton in sks.
I SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: C übe, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5% c : Dry Granulated, 5 Vie;
Confectioners' A, 5y 8 Magnolia a, 4%c; Extra
C, 4y 2 c: Golden C, 43/ 8 c; half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 16c; Blackstrap, 10c
*gaL .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as fol lows : _
BKEF— First quality, 5@5y 3 c; second ao, 4 y a @
43Ac: third do, B%#4c $ tb.
VKAL-Large. s(gi6c; small. 6@7c f, Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6V 2 roioc: Ewes, 5%c # ft.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, B®6%C ft It..
PORK-Live Hogs, 3c «i Ib for large and 31,4 c
for small and medium; dressed do, 4@sy±c # Ib.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOCBS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 24.204 Cheese, Ctls 205
Washington.... ».782jEgfS, <KW 6,840
Wheat, ctls 3.Blojllides. no 640
Washington.... 2,2601i'e1t8. udls
Barlej.ctls 3.610|\V001. bis 90
Oats.Waah.ctls... 3.«6» Wine, gals a --',°"
Beans, sks. S^'Lenther. r0115.... 306
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,511 Qui ksilver.flsks .5
Onions, sks 951 'Lime, bbls 120
Bran, sks 6 Tallow, ens 10
Middlings, sks... 8137 Lumber. M feet.. 20
Hay. tons 413 1 Mustard Seed, sic 364
Straw, tons.'!.... 25iFlaxseed,sks.... 43
Butter, ctls. 178 itaisins, boxes... 800
THE STOCK MARKET
A Bad Break in Comstock Mining
Shares- ...;'"'
Yesterday was the liveliest day In mining stocks
for some years, and the market broke all to pieces
The opening was very strong at a general improve
ment over Tuesday's prices, dvi a decline set in
and becamp a rout on the noon Informal session,
at which time Chollar sold down to $2 70, a drop
of $1 05, under sales of 17,865 shares. Hale &
Norcross broke from $2 80 to $1 75, 6600 shares.
Fotos! from $1 85 to $1 30, 8060 shares, and so on.
the whole line going down.
The market was quie:er on the afternoon call,
and very unsettled, some stocks being nrmer and
others weaker.
Several theories are current In regard to the
break. One is that the outlook on the Brunswick
lode is getting poorer and another is that there
are internal dissensions among the Hale & Nor
cross managers and stockholders.
After the boar.l there was a slight reaction and
prices were somewhat better, but trade was dull
and the close was uninteresting.
The Cholinr assessment of 25 cents will be delin
quent In office July 14.
The Ho« mil Oold and Silver Mining Company
of El Dorado County has levied an assessment of
5 cents psr share, delinquent July 13.
The annual meeting 01 the Bodie Consolidated
will be held on Monday next, and Mr. West
heimer, who has already won the control of the
Bulwer Consolidated and Summit mines, expects
to get control of the Bodie Consolidated as well.
It is understood that the present managers of the
Bodie Consolidated are not making much of a
fight.
i'.OAi.i >ALKS.
Followlnor wer« th» »»iJi ia ">• Han Fnwolso*
Btocit Board yesterday:
BE«UUB HOBKIVn OESSIOW rOU«SSOt»9 9:30.
100 Aloha 24 560 CC&V...3.00 "100 0vrmn....47
300 Alt*. 23 200 Conn.... 1.55 100 4B
200 .....25 750 C P0int... 7 6 300 Potosl..l.|o
300 .....26 100...: 751650 ........1.85
300 Ande5.... 46 600 Kxchqr...lU 600 5ava«..1.85
100 46 300 (i &C. ..1.60 300 1.80
1500 Belcher.. 9o 700 1.55360 1.75
100 89 100 H&N ...2.8U 600 Seg B 25
200 8A8... .1.50 600 2.75 400 a Nt ...1.15
200 Bodle .69 200 ... 2.70 60 Uni0n. .1.20
600 Bullion.. .4oJloJ Mxcan. 1.20 200 1.15
100 8u1wer...35 100 1.25 160 Utah 13
200 Ca1ed..."...15 300 0ecdt...1.(J5 700 V Jackt..B2
1350 Ch0U.. 3.75 800 Ophlr. . .2.151350 .......82
300 3.70 150 ..........a.lO
AFTERNOON BKSSION— 30.
300 AlDha 33|100C P0int... 350 P0t051.1.55
100 Alta 25700 G & C. 1.30900 Bavafe..l.sO
300 B *8.. 1.261550 .2.05 100 1.55
60 1.20850 ....... .2.10 850 Hex 8e1... 25
200 Bodie 68 400 Julia.. 12200 8 Nev..1.10
100 8u11i0n. ..32 450 Mex.... 1.15 200 Uni0n.. .1.05
100 8u1wer....35 100 .........1.10 300 1.10
50Ch11nEe...62 600 0ccidt1..1.55 1000 V Jckt..6B
1750 Ch011r..2.95 400 Ophir.... 1.9U 100 70
600 2.90 Overman. 43 100 69
300 3.00 200 44 6 60
300 CC&V...2.701400 42
following; were tne saiei la the PaolHo StoaJc
*oartl yesterday:
BXaULAK SESSION 1—10:3 U.1 — 10:3 U.
200 Alpha 400 Confl ...1.60|200 0ph1r...2.00
400 Alta. 23 500 C Imp ....04 300 1.97%
100 25 250 Crwn Pt...74 300 1.90
100 24 60 0 P0int.. .77 300 1%
400 Andes 46100 76 200 0vrmn....45
300 Beicner...9o 400 69100 46
100 91 600 Excnqr...lO2OO 42
100 88 300 C... 1.55 250 43
100 300 1.67i,i600 PotOsi..l.Bo
300 79:100 1.6/ 8 !l00 1.82%
400 B & 8. .1.50 350 ........ .1.60|700 ...... 1.86
300 1.66400 1.35800 17/
200 .1.45 IK,- 400 .1.90
600 1.20150 HAN... 2.70 160 1.70
100 1.221/2 350 ..........2.75 600 1.60
300 IVi3OO 3.65150 1%
500 1.30 200 2.301200 1.52 V.
200 Bullion... 400 2.40 300 1.60
400 ......40 100 !100 1.42%
100 30900 2.10 100 1.55
700 881800 2.20,200 ...lVa
200 34 100 2.15,400 8»vg....1.7u
1150 Ch011r.3.C5 100 2.07V 2 200 1.77%
1200 .........3.H0 50 2V g 350 1.80
850 3.35100 2.021/, 200 1.85
460 3.40 2.00 800 1.50
150 3.30200 1.95 400 1.55
500 -3.251650 2.06300 ; — .1.40
200 3.20300 Kentck. .08 300 1.45
660 3.1040J Mexn...1.251400 Scorplon..lO
200 3.06,100 1.22V>70U 88AM....22
100 3.02%|300 11-8 800 24
250 2.761100 I.OMIOO » NY.1.17%
500 2.95400 1.10200 ..1.02%
600 2.90 300 0ccid.. ..1. 76 JOO B Hill ....Ob
360 -2.80|600 1.60 100 Unin C..1.05
100 2.97% 100 1.65100 1.00
800 3.00500 ...1.50 400 Utah 17
300 CCV... .2.95400 1.55 600 V Jacket. .KO
100 3.00 30J 0ph1r...2.10 350 ...82
650 2.80700 2.16 500 81
200 2.70150 2V 8 1300 83
60 2.76100 2.2u 100 75
100 2.72% l
. ArTERNOOST OBBSION—
300 Alta 23 500 CCV 2.75400 0ph1r...1.92
200 25 450 2.80100 1.92%
100 Andes... '.42 100 ......2.72y> 400 Ovrmn.. 40
200 43 200 2.85 1650 P0t0M.1.55
400 Blchr 79200 Conn.... 1.40 550 ........ 1.52%
400 78200 C P0int... 70 1150 ....:. 1.5u
400 77 350 G&C....1.351100 1.57%
200 848.1.27 121 2 500 H&N... 2.15 500 8mvag.. .1.55
200 1.30 200 2.10150 1.60
150 1. 26200 Julia 12*00 1.62%
400 Bodie 67 400 Justice. ..18 300 Scorpion..lv
200 8u11i0n.. .34 1800 Kentck..O6 200 S 8&M....25
200 .....' -32 400 07 100 24
100 8u1wer...38 L Wa5h....07j650 S NY....1.05
200Caleda 16200 Mex.... 1.10.1300 1.10
300 15 150 1.07 '-'OO 811 Hi 11.. .05
900 Ch0iir... 3.00 501) ....... 1.12 %'300 Untn.1.07%
100 ..SJS 500 Mono: 07,300 Utah 16
350 2.95 560 0ccd.. ..1.55 100 YJ»clC»t..79
600 2.90 100 1.60:150 77
200 2.85 200 .:;.... ..1V 1700 78
6UO. 2.92% 300 Ophlr... 1.95 150 70
500ChaUng...48 ■ .:■ - '-■ .|
CIiOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June 10—4 p. it.
BicLAsked.' Bid.Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 22 25 Julia 12 15
Alta. 26 28Justice 10 12
Andes...'. 44 46iKeutuck OB 07
Belcher 76 77 Lady Wash.... 04 05
Best * Belcherl.3o 1.36 Mexican 1.15 1.20
Behton Con.:..' 20 —Mono — 07
Bodie 67 — Nevada Queen. — 05
Bullion 35 —Occidental.. 1.60 1.55
Bulwer 35 — Ophir. 1.96 2.00
Caledonia. 14 16Overman 39 41
Chollar 2.95 3.00 Potosl... 1.55 1.60
Con.Cal.<SVa..2.Bs 2.9oSavage. 1.6» 1.65
Challenge Con. 49 51 Scorpion 10 —
Con. Imperial. 03 04JSeg. Belcher... 24 _26
Confidence.... 1.40 1.45: Syndicate 04 05
Con New York - lOihilver Hi 11.... — 02
Crown Point... 67 70 Sierra Nevada.l.lo 1.15
KastSlerraNev — 06 Union C0n..... 1.10 1.15
Exchequer.... 08 10 Utah 16 18
Gould &Curry.l.3s 1.40 Yellow Jacket. 70 72
HaleANorcrs.2.ls 2.20
GOLD MUSING .EXCHANGE.
600 Amalle... 2 551 Providence
Champion (Asked ......... ....80 00
Bid 20 00 100 Savannah _ 39
Asked 25 00200 - 40
360 Edna.. 32-200 41
200.... 600. - 42
200 31100. 43
300Granu IS 300 « 44
Kennedy....... 100 46
Bid 10 00 '.iOOSebastopol...... 48
Keystone....... 500 ~ 49
8id...... 65 oi' 100 :....„ 50
1100 Lockwood Con 86 Thorpe -
400 „ 35 Asked 70
200 34
■LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Ironworks 90
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water 7 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 10-2 p. K.
■ UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
US c0up.. 1083,4 - U8 4s reg...109% —
Do new Issuell6%l 16 Vsl
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. — 113 PacßoUM6s. — —
CalElecL6s — 1 22% Do 2d is 65. . . — —
CniraCWSs — 97 P*OKy6s.los 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 96 P<SCh Ky 6s. — 107
Kdsn L4P6S — 122% Pwl-st KRBs. — 116%
l-"ACHKK6s.IO4% — Reno, Wi,«feL — 106
Geary-stßss. — 105 Sacto P& h. — 102%
LosAngL6s. — 100 SF&NPK 55. 100% —
DoGnleedßs— 103 SPUKArIz6s — 97
3tCble6sl23 — sl'HUCal 6s. lOS%III
])08y(0n55..104 105 SPKKCaI 6s. — —
NatVin6sl»t 95 100 SPBrRCaIBs. — 100
NevCN(!!R7s. I*s 105 SVWater6s..ll9 119%
NPCRR6S.IO3 110 ISV\Vater4s.. 98% —
NRyCal6s. — 105 jStktnG&K6s — 100
NRyCalSa. — 100 |SunsiT*T6slOO —
Oak Gas 55.. 101 104% Suuer-stßss. 107% —
1,0 2d Is 65.. - 106 l Visalla\VC6s — 91
Omnibus tjs.Hß%ll9V4i
WATKB STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 38 iSanJose — —
MarlnCo.... 50 — |S|.rng Valley 98^4 98%
GAS STOCKS.
Capital 20 27 (Pacific Lliht — 47
Central 95 — |San Francsco 94% , 95
Oak GLA H. 5 ?V4 6234 Stockton — 21%
PaoGaslmp. 84% SUV*'
INSUKAJJCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdl6s — |Sun 25 60
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. .
AmerBATC. - — jLondonPAA.l2B%l3o
Anglo-Ca1.... 513/4. — |London<t-IF. — 27%
Bank of — 242%Merch Ex... 13 —
Cal S D&TCo 54 57% Nevada — — ; "
FirstNaiionl.l7B lß2%|Sather B Co. — —
Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
OerS&LCo.l37s 1415 Sav&Loan.. — 100
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Security ...... 250 360
Mutual ... — 40 Union Trust. 7os 800
BFSavUnlon — 490 : | •;
STBEET RAILROAD STOCKS. .
California.... — 110 Oak SL&Uay — 100
Genry-st. — 65 IPresidto.. '...'. 7 —
Market-5t.... 43% 43%Sutter-8t..... — ■ — " ,
POWDER STOCKS. * ' ; .
Atlantic D... — Ihi/ Giant C0n.... 24 24%
Eastern D... — 8 Judson t).... - —-.<
California.... 75 — iVijsorit. , 60c 95c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. — 96 i Vln Co.. — 85
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 24%
Cal Cot Mills — — Pro aux-P A 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoruxCo. 98 100
Edison Lightl2li>4l2l% !Pac Roll Mill - —
Gum on Assn. . — — IParf PaintCo 6% 7%
Lead Co. 85 — iPacTr^nsCo. — 24
HawC&SCo.. 20% 20%l > acT<fcT Co. 55 70
Hutch SPCo 35 25 a Sunset TAT. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 (United C Co. — 25
BALKS— MO K.N IN., BKSatOS. j
Board—
2 German Savings and loan .$1415 00
1 do do ....: 140000
6SV Water.... 89 37%
30 do do 9* 37%
25 do do , v «8 37%
SALES— AFTKBNOOX SESSION.
Board—
35Edison Light & Power Co 121 60
10 do do 121 5H
5 do do 121 60
6 Hutchinson SPCo »5 00
50 Oakland Gas 62 5u
25 do do 62 50
lOSFUasllght 9i 75
IBS V Water 88 87%
Street—
20 Edison Light <fc Power Co 12S 50
100 S F Gaslight 84 75
$1000 S V 4% Bonds 98 75
$1000 SFt.vr Railway Bonds 101 25
UTDROURAFHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N., "k
Merchants' >
San Fbancisco. June 10, 1896. )
The time ball on Telegruph Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtklkr,.
Lieutenant U. S. N. in charge.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. S. Coast and Geodetic Sttrvky Tidb 1 *
Bn-iiKTisr, Published by Official r
ATTHOBITY OF TEH SurjCBrKTBJfDESTT. )
Thursday, June 11.
Sunrises 4.46! Moon rises
Sunsets 7.33|M00n sets PM
June-1896.
.note— In the above exposition O f the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day iv the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the thtrd
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coa«t Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given 1b gubtractiv*
fro"' ihp.lfiHi ■iivon hv h» chfr's
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, June 10.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, 6 days and 16y 2 hrs
from Honolulu ; pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels
& Bros Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqulna
Bay and way ports; pass and mdse, to Meyer <t
Akmann.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 74 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall. Per Kins
&Co.
Haw Bark Santiago. Johnson, 18 days from Hilo;
sugar, to J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
SchrJohnA, Hellquist, 2o hours from Eureka;
420 M ft lumber, to Geo L Sweet.
Schr Western Home, Nellson,3% days from Coos
Bay: 160 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 16 hours from Bow'ens
Landing; 130 eds Dark, to Bender Bros. Up river
direct.
Schr Enterprise, Ingwersen, 8 days from Co
lumbia River: 225 Mft lumber, to Geo E Atkin in.
Schr Lillebohne, Hansen, 7 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Grays Harbor Commercial Co.
Schr W S Phelps. larrell, 30 hours from Mendo
cino; 1 35 M ft lumber, to Mendocino Lumber Co.
Oakland direct.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY, June 10.
Rtmr Pomona, Doran, Kureka; Goodall, Perkins
&Co.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Perkins
* Co.
Stmr Peru, Friele, Hongkong and Yokohama:
P M S S Co.
Bktn C c Funk, Challeston, St Michaels; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, June la
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Stmr Mackinaw, uttlefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr Corona, Hail. San Diego.
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, Herschel Island, via Port
Clarence.
btmr Peru, Friele. Yokohama and Hongkong.
Btmr Arago, Conway, Coos Bay.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Brsbip Gantock Rock, Evans. East London,
Hchr Mary Ktta, Wetzel, Collins Landing.
Schr Vli iDg, Peterson. Coos Bay.
Schr J B Leeds, Johnson, Port Blakeley.
Schr Amethyst, Soiland, Waldport.
Charters.
The ship Commodore loads sugar at Honolulu
for New York.
Theßr ship Verajean is chartered for wheat to
Europe, new crop loading, at 28s— Is 3d less direct.
The Br ship Kilmeny Is chart r red for wheat for
Europe, Aug 1, new crop loading, at 30s, au ad
vance.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. June 10—10 p. it— Weather
hazy . wind SE: velocity. 16 miles.
Spoken.
May SJ— 65 miles S, long 27 W, Br ship City of
Florence. from Antwerp, for Valparaiso and Port
"lay 'il-Lat 11 N, long 33 W, Br bark Silver
how, from Victoria for Liverpool.
May HO-Lat 41 N, long 34 W, Brbarlt Lawhlll,
hence Jan 29, for Lomlon.
June 5-Lat 49 N, long 18 W, Br ship Strath
gryfe, hence Feb 5, for Liverpool.
Feb 29-Lit 27 N. long 123 W, Br bark Bed
fordshire, from Portland. Or., for Queenstown.
May .8, per Haw bark Santiago— Lat 32 N, long
153 w, Nor bark Fortuna, from Honolulu, for San
Francisco.
Memorandum.
Per stmr Farallon— The spar buoy on the bar of
Yaquina Bay is gone.
Domestic Ports,
EUREKA— Bailed June 10— Stmr Pasadena, for
Ran Pedro.
Arriveu June 10— Stmr National City, hence
Jun 8.
GREENWOOD— Arrived June 10— Stmr Whltes
boro, hence Jun 8.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 10-Stmr Caspar,
hence Jun 8; stmr Alcazar, hence Jun 8
Sailed June 10— Scnr Abbie, for San Krancisco.
USAL— Sailed June 10— Siinr Protection, for
Redondo.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 10— Schr Novelty, fm
Unalaska.
TATOOSH— Passed June 10— Stmr Lakme, from
Tacoma for San Pedro.
REDONDO-Sailed June 10— Schr Nokomis, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved June 9-Slmr
Westport.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived June 10-Schr
Archie and Kontle, hence June 6.
SAN PEDKO— Sailed June 10-Schr Comet, for
Puget Sound.
NAVAKRO-Arrived June 10-Stmr Point
Arena, hence June 8.
SAN DIEGO-Sailed Jue 10-Schr Mary E Russ,
for Eureka.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 10—Schrs C H Mer
chant and Daisy Rowe, for San Francisco.
GRAY'S H ARBOR— Arrived June 10— Schr Chas
Haimon, hence Jun 2.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 10-Schr
Vesta, from Hueneme.
Eastern Ports,
PHILADELPHIA- Arrived Jne9-Shlp Hecla,
from A ntwerp, to load for San Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
HONOLULU- Arrived May 28-Jap stmr Tal
war Maru. from Kobe. May 29— Stmr Australia,
hence May 22: bark Albert, hence May 15; bark
Fresno, from Port Gamble. May 30— Haw stmr
K.thiilut. from Clipperton Island. June 2 — Haw
bark R P Rithet. hence May 19; bktn W H Di
mond, hence May 20.
Sailed May 29-Schr Bertie Minor, for Eureka.
June I— Ship John McDonald, for New York.
June 3— Brig Wm G Irwin. for san Francisco: bkn
Jane L Stauford. for Port Townsend.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived June 9-Br bark Glen
gaber. from Oregon.
COLON— Arrived June B— Stmr Advance, from
New York.
BROWHE AD— Passed June 9— Br ship Kilmory,
from Seattle for Queenstown.
Isle OF WIGHT— Passed June 9— Br ship
Lochee, bence Feb 12. for Lomlon.
ST VINCENT C V-SailedMay 28-Brshlp
Falrport, for San Francisco.
CHEMA I NTS - Sailed June 9-3chr Carrier
Dove, for Shanghai.
Muvenient* of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out June 10-Btmr
Veendara.
LlZAKD— Passed June 10-Btmr Phoenicia, from
New York, for Hamburg.
Importations
NEWPORT-Per Eureka-73 bxs oranges, 62
bxs lemons.
San Pedro — 1 cs ammunition.
Ventura— l pkg fittings, 1 bx hdwr, 3 pkgs mdse,
176 bxs oranges, 65 bxs lemons, 550 sks beans.
santu Karbar.i— y 2 bbl brandy, 9 bbls mineral
water, 76 bxs lemons.
Ca.ucos— 7 dressed calves, 6 tubs 61 bxs butter,
9 cs eggs. 2 coops chickens.
Santa Cruz— l bx fish.
GRviota— '2 bdls pelts. 1 bdl wool, 3 bxs buttpr.
Port Harford— 43 bdls hides etc, 1 b»le wool. 70
sks beans. 14 bxs butler, 5 cs es;». 1(5 bxs fish.
>nn Simeon— ll tubs 1 firkin 62 bxs butter, 26
hides. 3 csegsg. 6 cam tallow, 1 bx sardines. 4
dressed calves, 7 bales seaweed.
YAQUINA I.A Y-Per Kara lon-1h46 sksoats.
450 sus feefl, 30 sks spuds, li'o9 s:;s wheat, 103
sks bark, 100 hbls >-12 qr-hbls Hour. "27 bxs butler.
6* cs eggs 5 coops chickens. 125 sks bark, 10G
tons stone, 18 M ft lumber, 2 bxs cardboards. 1 bx
baking powder, '2 bdls hides, 1 sep bowl, 3 crts
marble. 1 cs ciears. H6 sks oysters.
Coos Bay — 69 sks spuds.
Eureka— ll7 pkes bones, 14 tons old iron, 1 bx
drugs, 14 pkss mdse, 2 bxs trait, 50 bbls tallow,
20 pkgi rake, 20 cs eggs, 33 kegs 33 tubs 1 crjck
12 bxs batter,
HONOLULU-Por Anstralln— lo.7s7 bngssugar.
5395 bnchß 926 bxs bananas, 37 bxs fruit. tif>o hags
rice, 31 bdlsgre-n hides. 30 bxs mangoes, 11 bdla
skins, 10 bans coflfoe. 584 bxs pineapples, 6 bxs
betni leaf, 41 tidis tree terns, 145 empty beer tega,
semptv am cy.inders. 107 i,k?s koa "wood, 1 box
mdse, 1 bucket paiai, 4 parcels.
Consignee*.
Per Eureka— Wetmore Broj; Eveleth A Nash ;
Hills Bros: National Brewery: Minaker ft Wel
banKs; Wleland BrewlncCo: Standard Oil Co: i.
Scalena * Co; Entemrise Brewery; Winchester
Rep Arms Co; McDonough * Runyon; Jackson
Napa Soda Works: Baker Hamilton; Pioneer
Wine Co; J Ivancovich & i o; Dalton Bros: A P
Hotaling A Co: Wheaton, Breon & Co: D Hlrsch
ler;G Camilloni & Co: American Union Fish Co;
D E Allison A Co: | Htlmer. Bredhoff A -Schulz; A
Levy & Co: Norton, Teller * Co: Wltzel 4 Baker;
Russ, Sanders A Co; Sinsheimerßros; H F Allen;
BissingerA Co; Brlgham. Hoppe A Co: M Enea
&Co; Kowalsky&Co; OB Smith & Co: Pacific
Coasi Fish Co; UetzßrosACo; Dairymen's Union;
De Bernard! & Co; C X Whitney & Co; Milan! A
Co; Dodge. Sweeney Co: Getz Bros & Co: Califor
nia Wine Association; Marshall, Teggart * Co;
Wittland&Co; Western Meat Co: F Uri & Co;
Chicago Brewery; 11 Klrchman A Co; San Fran
cisco Fish Co: Tillmann ABendel; H Waldeck;
EB. Levy ; W O Price A Co.
Per Farallon— Moore, Ferguson A Co; H Dutard :
CJLeistACo; Wolf A sun; E RStevens A Co;
W C Price A Co; J Everting A Co; H Levy A Co;
Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Smith's Cash Store: W A
Wells; Getz Bros <fcCo: Morgan Oyster Co; J D
McGilvary; San Francisco Chemicttl Works; West
Coast Furniture Co; Xeuburger, Reiss A Co: Chas
Jncobson A Co: Brigham, Hoppe A Co: F H Ham
mer; Russ, Sanders A Co: Wheaton, Breon * Co:
C E Whitney * Co; Wellman, Peck A Cc ; G (i
Wickson: Vermont Marble Co; lolin Reynolds;
Eureka Art Co; Sldcman.Lachman A Co: J Rosen
blatt; NOhlandt: C Eidndge: J Anderson: H L
Juddell; Paulicci ACasassa; WC Barig; G P San
derson.
Per stmr Australia— A L Taylor: Chicago
Brewing Company; Chinda & Flack; Che©
Chong; Chee Chung A Company; Dodge,
Sweeney A Co; DomotoBros; Enterprise Brewing
Co; Eveleth * Nash; Geo Herrmann; Gould A
Jaudin: Garcia A Maggtni: Hyman Bros; John D
Spreckels A Bros Co; J Ivancovich A Co; .1 O
Rued A Co; L cicateita A Co: L Q Sresovich A Co;
M W McChesney A Sons: Man Hop Yuen Kee:
Williams, Dimond * Co; M 8 Urlnbaum A Co; M
D Van Valis; National Brewing Co; Pope Manu
facturing Co; Quoiik Kee; San I raruisco Brew
eries, Limited; T H B Varney; Western Light
and Power Co; Wetmore Bros; Welch A Co.
for Late Shipping Intellii/ence See Fifteenth I'age.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
uSTomiiiiMa
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Kate of California sails. J une 2, 12 and 23
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and 27
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. K.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Henl. Sapts.
V. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 68.00
Second Class 35 OO
i'^: 1 ' Meals and berth Included. ' ''
v/(i lr ;- I [o
Ticket Office — 4 lew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
' General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST steamship company
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /M,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as j£raE3C
follows: .
For Mary Island, Lorfni». Wran^el. Jnnean. Kll-
lisnoo ana Bltka (Alaska), nsyi.ii, June 3,
13. 18. VJB. July 8, IS, 1«, 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Bend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. st
June 3 <, 13. 18, 23. 28, ana every fiftH
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltt»
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. X,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Pore Townsend wiua
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. m., June 2, 6. 10,
14 lx. 32, 20 :•! » and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., June
4. H. la, 18, 20, 24. 28 and every fourth day there.
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Fort Loi
Aneeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. II
a. m.. Jo '■ 2. H. 10 - 14; 1 8, '-"-'• 26, bOaud every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knseuada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, Li
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. M., June 'A, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
aft r.
TicKet office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
UOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. {% days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, fW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [1 by
AUSTRALIA. Ws.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra es.
S. P. AIiAMEDA sails via HONOLULU- and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
* Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts.
- 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TB.UB.ITLmiqOI
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PI KR(SEW),42 NORTH A««i
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by
this line avoid both transit oy English raiiwayaol
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pttrl*
Crsl-ciass $160: s«cond-claas, $110.
LA TOURAINE. Capt. SanteUi.. May 2^ Ba. v.
LA NORMANDIE...... May -'3, 8 a. st
LA GASCOGNE ...Ju c 'JO, 7 am.
LA NORM.vNIIIK....^ July 4. 6 a. M.
LA GABOOONK July 25. 1 1 A, it
I \ NORM \ N'DIK ..-..: , >al Anciist 1. sa. v.
LA BOTTRGOGNE, Capt. Lebieuf. .June 6, 7 a. X,
JS3T For further partlcalars apply to
A. FORGET, A cent.
No. 8 Bo v in" Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO Agents. 6 .Motigouaa»»
avenue. San Krancincfc. -
•fe&njts. fIAMDURCUIERICAS LOB
4J**"O«^S«© TWIN-SCREW EXPREScI
<q* s * ? Tlr*^*^4'"'^" Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Ch»rbour«, raris it naniDunj.
A. Victoria. Jim" I Columbia. July 2
F. Bismarck ...June 26 I Normannla .. — July 9
I Cab., if 9 and upward; 11. Cud., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4>A h.. free of charge,
by special train: CHERBOURG-PARIS. 6U, h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE. 37 Broadway, N. V., or to X A II N & iIER-
ZOG, Agenta. 401 Californiast.. San Franclsco.Cal.
ROYAI MAIL STEM PACKET COMP.WY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIXWALL >}*«-
O fortnightly for the West Indies and fSI
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh.
France, aud Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th*
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
class. *97 60. For further particulars apply to
*" PARROTT <fc CO., Agents,
. . . 306 California aU
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
: At 0 P. M, l)aii.> .
Sunday at 7 P. Ju.
jjaj- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
SiiiAHKlts:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Pet«»r<»,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. C'ai. Nay. and Impt. Co
rALLEJO, HARE ISLAND, 'BEWIA, PO&T
COSTA All 'CROCKETT.
STR. MONTItKLLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o 4. m.
and if.it; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3 M r m
Sunday— a p. it '"* •
•4F. It only. • . • . •••«..
Landing, 2U»siou 1. Plmt 9,DR. CROWLEY IS
SIMPLY "CRUEL"
His Wife Is Granted an
Expurgated Decree
of Divorce.
QUIET, SPEEDY TRIAL.
Everything Was Arranged Be
fore the Judge Called
the Case.
IVERYBODY L£T DOWN EASY.
The Doctor Gives Hous?, Alimony and
Children for Other Conces-'
sions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 10. f
The Crowiey divorce case is ended. Be
hind closed doors this morning the doctor
and his wife told their tales of marital
woe to Judge Frick, and when the doors
opened each was free to make a third at- |
tempt at proving that marriage is not a
chronic failure.
Mrs. Alma A. Crowiey was awarded the
homestead on Alice street till she shall re
marry, in which event the house goes to
the two minor children, of which she is
the custodian. The doctor is also to allow
her $125 per month and to pay her taxes,
insurance, and to keep her home in repair.
Dr. Crowiey profits in so far as his repu
tation is concerned, because the more
serious allegation of the complaint is de
clared to oe not proven and unfounded,
it is, hqwever, of record that he cruelly
hurt his wife's feelings, and on this ground
alone was the divorce granted.
When the case was called W. W. Foote
was allied with R. M. Fitzgerald in the in
terests of Dr. Crowiey. Judging by their
suavity and their evident desire to arrive j
at a speedy and mutually agreeable con- j
elusion, i t might be supposed that they i
were lifelong friends. Certainly there was j
notning to indicate that three days ago
the two men rent the Democracy of Ala- j
meda County in twain in the fiercest an •'.
most personal political fight ever seen in j
this hotbed of political strife.
The case was set for 10 o'clock, but up to
11:30 the plaintiff had not arrived, nor]
were there any witnesses about. This |
gave rise to the surmise that an attempt
was being made to settle without a trial.
After considerable whispered consultations
between counsel there was a conference
with the Judire, in which both sides at
tended, in his chambers. It wa3 reported
then that no testimony would be intro
duced on the charge of adultery, limiting
the case to cruelty.
When the Judge finally took the bench
he asked that all be excluded from the
room but attorneys and a stenographer,
and the court so ordered.
Counsel for the petitioner then intro
duced evidence to substantiate the charge
of cruelty.
Mrs. Crowiey testified to repeated acts of
cruelty of her husband, and was substan
tiatedby Charles Nuratti, a Japanese boy,
and Margaret Borland, both servants in
the family.
Tbe next question which arose was as to
the disposition of the homestead on Alice
street. Mrs. Crowley's counsel wanted the
home to be deeded to her, but the other
side objected, and finally W. R. Davis,
who appeared for Mrs. Crowlev, agreed
that she should U3e it tiil she remary, and
then it would no to the children.
After the evidence regarding cruelty no
attempt was made to substantiate any
other charge, whereupon Dr. Crowiey
offered to disprove the serious charges in
volving Mrs. A. G. Ainsworth, but the
matter was not gone into.
The decree will be worded so as to set forth
that the allegation regarding Mrs. Ains
wortb was unfounded. The disposition
of the case occupied but a few moments of
the court's time, and when the doors
opened another Oakland sensation had
gone into history.
VALUE OF AN EXPOSITION.
Merchants' Exchange in Doubt
Regarding the Advisability
of Indorsement.
Lait Year's Profits Piaced With a
Corporation Instead of With
a Charity.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 10. f
During a meetine of the directors of the
Merchants' Exchange last evening, Fred
Sinclair, a local produce man, charged the
directors of last years' exposition with
misappropriating $1700. He claimed the
original intention i ad been to have tbe
proceeds go to a charitable institution,
and on that showing everybody united
and made it a great success. But wnen
there bad been a profit the management
incorporated and took the money as be
longine to the corporation.
George L. Fish, another member, said
there were some men in the Exposition
Association that he had no use for and at
the same time there were some very good
men in it who were not looking for per
sonal gain. As to the proceeds of the last
exposition being pledged to charities, he
knew nothing of it. He had been invited
to become one of the managers, but had
declined. In all fairness, he said, there
seemed to be a tendency in Oakland to cry
down any enterprise in which they were
not personally interested.
George W. Arper said that the exposition
was going to be a concern which would
help the city and county, instead of promo
ting individuals, and he believed it should
be encouraged. He thought, however,
that the scope of the exposition was too
narrow. He di ■! not believe the display
should be limited to the products of Ala
meda County. Such a course was a nar
row, contracted and unbusiness-like propo
sition. *
John A. Britton, one of the directors of
the Merchants' Exchange, who was absent
from the meeting, in commenting on the
mater to-day, said: "Our company (the
Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company),
indorses the exposition directors in the
heartiest manner possible. We were with
them last year, and we will do all in our
power this year to make the exposition a
success.
Personally I have no sympathy with the
spirit sDown at last night's meeting, and
if it is to prevail I stiall ask President
Witcher to select another director to take
my Dlace. I lavor everything to advance
the city and cannot allow myself to be
placed "in any other position.
John T. Bell, one of the incorporators of
the exposition said: "Last year when the
project of an exposition of the products
and manufactures of this county was in
augurated certain members of the Mer
chants' Exchange board of directors did
all within their limited power to defeat
the enterprise. They failed, fortunately.
The exposition was successful beyond the
anticipation of its board of managers and
this city and county received in conse
quence an advertisement throughout the
East which it would have cost many
thousands of dollars to buy. When it
was thought best to quit with one exhibit
there was talk of giving the net proceeds
to charily, but there was such opposition
that it was abandoned and the original
idea to give annual exhibits was con
tinued."
The matter will be finally decided by the
Merchants' Exchange at a meeting to be
held in two weeks' time.
ENDEAVORERS' WORK.
Floating Society From the United States
Flagship Philadelphia to Attend
the Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10. — For the
first time in the history of Endeavor
work in California a Floating Endeavor
Society from tbe United States Navy will
attend a county convention in this City
on Friday next. The flagship Philadel
phia, now in the bay, has a society
and the midsummer convention of the
Alameda County Christian Endeav
or Union, which meets at the First
Baptist Church Friday afternoon and
evening, will entertain them, and in re
turn be entertained by an account of their
life on shipboard.
Among the speakers and t'eir subjects
are: ''How Can Christian Endeavorers
Best Help the Church ?" Rev. James Small ;
"How Can Pastors Best Help the Chris
tian Endeavor Society?' Ray C. Gilson;
"The 'Mission 1 of the San Jose Conven
tion," Rev. E. S. Chapman, D.D. ; 'En
large the Place of Thy Tent; Spare Not;
Lengthen Thy Cords and Strengthen Thy
Stakes," MissMindora Berry.
DOINGS IN ALAMEDA.
The J. A. Leonard Company
Wants to Find a Lead-
Pipe Thief.
The Board of Health Approves of a
Hospital in the City—Fra
ternal News.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jane 10.— The Joseph
A. Leonard Company and its plumbing
contractor, C. F. Fischer, are mourning
the loss of about half a ton of lead pipe.
The company is just finishing a row of
eight cottages on Clement avenue, near
Willow street, and the plumbing work was
nearly completed. Last night the thieves
made their way into the houses by win
dows and the use of skeleton keys and
stripped them of the piping.
The police are of the opinion that the
pilferers came from Oakland and rowed
across the estuary in a boat.
A Receiving Hogpital.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 10.— Some two
months ago two experienced nurses pro
posed opening a hospital on San Jose
avenue. The project was opposed and
those interested had an ordinance affect
ing the question introduced at the meet
ing of the City Trustees, who referred it to
the Board of Health.
The-e gentlemen approve entirely of the
hospital and have returned the ordinance
to tt.e City Fathers, as it did not meet
their approval.
The leading physicians say that a neces
sity exists for a hospital in this city, both
a3 a receiving hospital and one where
serions cases can be adequately treated.
Horiea Sink on the Track.
ALAMEDA, Oal.. June 10.— Contractor
Jansen, who is engaged in preparing the
new speed track for the Alameda Driving
Association, had an experience to-day
with his team that he is not likely soon to
forgot.
The land in question is barely above sea
level and high tides occasionally cover
half the area to be run on.
His team of six horses were scooping i
away the stuff this morning when one of
them almost disappeared into the mud be
low. It took the rest of the team and
quick work and strong ropes to haul the
horse out.
Horsemen are now wondering how solid
the ground is.
Fraternal News.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 10. — Pawnee
Tribe, 1. O. R. M., has elected the following
officers lor the ensuing term :
Sachem, John Rew; senior sagamore, W. J.
Robinson; junior sagamore, S. J. 8outhnll;
prophet, Ed Dunn; chief of records, F. S. Mor
ton; collector of wampum. W. VV. Goggin;
keeper of wampum, J. R. Richardson.
In Alameda Lodge, Knights of Pythias,
the following officers have been declared
elected:
Chancellor commander, W. J. Hardman;
vice-chancellor, W W.Graham; keeper of rec
ords, A. F. Barber; master of finance, Charles
Peterson; master of exchequer. Frame Hally;
prelate, C. F. Fischer; master-st-worlc, Victor
Enginger; master-at-arms, Max Gundlach;
inner guard, Conrad Weble; outer guard,
Charles Speiser; trustee, George Mcßae.
The officers elected by the Encmal Lodge
of Odd Fellows comprise:
R. N. Gott, noble grand; O. 8. Lin don, vice
grana; J. H. Eichoff, secretary; George Fox,
treasurer; John Ellsworth, Charles W.Damon,
Bert Combs, trustees.
DR. BROWNSON HAS ACCEPTED.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10.— A dispatch was received to-night from Dr. T. G.
Brownson, president of McMinnville College, Oregon, stating that he would accept the
presidency of the Baptist California College at Highland Park, East Oakland. Dr.
Brownson at first declined, and last week Rev. C. M. Hill of Oakland went to Oregon
to confer with him. The result was the telegram received to-night by Rev. C. H
Hobart of the First Baptist Church. The new president is 45 years of age, and studied
at Colgate University, New York, and graduated from the Chicago University. In
1887 he went to Oregon, and hia success there has caused him to be considered one of
the strongest Baptist educators of the West. Dr. Brownson is married, and his wiie,
who is a woman o! fine educational attainments, will take a position on the faculty of
California College.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
CLUED WITH
GOLDEN SPIKES
How the Corral Hollow
Road Will Be Fin
ished To-Day.
IMPORT OF THE EVENT
To Be Followed by the Build
ing of Manufacturing
Plants.
CHEAP FUEL TO TIDE WATER
The Great Drawback to California's
Progress Removed at
Last.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 10. )
Second only in importance, so far as
Alameda County is concerned, to the
Superintendent Littlefield of the Corral Hollow Mines.
completion of the Central Pacific Rail
road in 1869 is the completion of the road
from Stockton to Corral Hollow, which
will be celebrated tomorrow in the can
yon near to the hollow.
The last rail will be laid to-morrow with
two golden spikes. There will be no grand
demonstration, but a simple formality in
the presence of a few members of the com
pany and a number of prominent people
from Stockton, Oakland, San Francisco
and Livermore. It is expected that the
guests of the company will be taken to
the mines behind one of the monster com
pound engines that have been constructed
specially for the new road. The laying of
the last rail will be celebrated with a grand
banquet.
"At the mines the machinery recently
shipped is to be put into position and
made ready for operation, and here the
great coal-bunkers are to be hurried to
completion for the reception of the out
put of the mines. The stet>l bridge across
the San Joaquin was completed a week
ago to-day. It is an immense structure,
the draw being 220 feet in length and
weighing nearly 250 tons. The temporary
trestle that has been in use ever since the
road was started will be taken out at once
so that river navigation can be resumed.
Although the directors are non-com
mittal on the matter it is believed that the
work on the big tunnel through the hills
w.ll be commenced before the year is out,
and that but a short time will elapse be
fore the road is extended to tidewater at
Oakland as well as Stockton.
In addition to the large coal mines, that
are said to contain enough coal to supply
the State for fifty years at the present rate
of consumption, there are also beds of clay
and reefs of limestone of proved excellence
and purity. These are largely used in the
manufacture of cement, and it is claimed
by experts that the materials found in
Corral Hollow will produce a cement that
is equal to the best imported and can be
manufactured for 80 cents a barrel. Promi
nent cement men are now negotiating
with the company for the sole rights to
manufacture cement and lime, and the
erection of large works for that purpose
will proceed shortly. There is also situ
ated upon the company's land a bed of
clay suitable for the manufacture of fire
brick and other refractory articles. A sand
for glass-making purposes is also found
there.
Speaking of the future of Corral Hollow
R. \V. Ellis, proprietor of the Livermore
Hearld, says: "With these tremendous
natural resources we would soon become
the richest State in the Union if we did
our own manufacturing and thus stooped
the tremendous drain of gold necessary to
pay for the manufactured articles we
import. The development of Corral Hol
low will alter this state of aftairs because
the coal can be mined at a price that will
enable the manufacturer to compete and
exist here. The great cry has been cheap
fuel. Old fogies and pessimists have
always declared that California would
never be among the manufacturing States
on account of lack of cheap fuel. This
restriction is now removed and manufact
ures will spring into existence, thousands
of skilled operatives will find employment
here and every artery of trade will share
the benefits of cheap fuel ana increased
population.
"A careful review of all the facts proves
conclusively that no single enterprise ever
inaugurated will have such a deep and
changing effect in the prosperity of the
State as the delivery of cheap coal at tide
water."
Will Be There Too.
LIVERMORE, Cal., June 10.— A dele
gation of prominent citizens of this place
will drive over the hills and be witnesses
of the final goiden-spike act of the Corral
Hollow Railroad to-morrow. They will
mingle their congratulations with the rest
of the people who will be there that the
road is co m pie ted.
Among those who will go are J. J. Mc-
Kown, G. W. Langan, H. H. Pitcher,
George Beck, N. D. Dutcher, F. R. Fassett,
Dr. J. W. Robertson, W. R. Ellis and A.
W. Feidier.
WILL NOT ASSIST.
Political Equality Clnb Refuses to
Aid the Eastern Woman
Suffragists.
OAKLAND, Cal, June 10.— The East
ern delegation of Woman Suffragists, who
have been holding conventions in every
county in the State, will unite in onerous
ing meeting in this city Friday and Satur
day at the Tabernacle under the auspices
of the joint amendment campaign com
j mittee. The Alameda County Political
Equality Society will await another time
to have its meeting.
This evening the latter society published
the following notice in the local papers:
The Alameda County Convention that, wag
to be held on the 12th and 13th inst. Is de
ferred until later in the season. The pro
gramme of exercises made out for that occa
sion will not be used in consequence on the
above dates.
The Eastern disciples of suffrage, how
ever, are numerous enough to get up a
programme themselves and have done so.
They announce the following speakers:
Rev. Anna Shaw, Miss Elizabeth Yates,
Miss Harriet Mills, Miss Hay and Mrs. A.
A. Sargent. There will be meetings at 3
and 8 p. M., to which the public is invited.
Shooting Tournament.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 10.--Tbe Califor
nia Tournament Association will hold its
opening shoot at Alameda Point July 4
and 5. The various shooting clubs have
been written to and the affair is expected
to exceed all previous efforts in the num
ber of prizes and events.
EVENTS OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, June 10. j
There will De a meeting of the Alameda
County Teachers' Benefit Association on Satur
day at 10 A. M. at the Oakland High School
building.
The fourth trial of Michael Collins, charged
with the murder of I'hilip Boogar, his agtd
son-in-law, has been set for August 4. Col
lins Is at present out on bail.
A special call has been issued to the Board of
Education for a meeting Friday night, at
which time teachers will be elected.
Tbe citizens of Fruitvale have invited Com
panies B and D of the First Regiment to par
ticipate in the Fourth of July celebration at
that place. The militiamen will be guests of
the Fire Department.
The Infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Samnel G.
Nix ol 1269 Clay street was found dead in bed
with his mother yesterday afternoon. The
little one was Dut five days old, and it is sup
posed that he was smothered by the bed
clothes.
C. H. Thompson was sentenced to three and
a half years In the penitentiary this morning
by Judge Greene on the charge of forgery. His
victim was a man named James Nelson, who
surrendered $15 to the accused as a conse
quence of Thompson's penwork.
Lyon PostNo.B,G. A. R., will hold its regular
stated meeting July 9, at 8 p. m., in Loring
Hall. Tbe order of suspension was made April
7 and went into effect at midnight, and ex
pires at midnight July 6. The members are
arranging to have a jubilee at that time, and
desire all members to be present.
RETURNED HOME
TO MEET DEATH.
Captain J. N. Knowles Suc
cumbs to a Stroke of
Apoplexy.
ROMANTIC EARLY LIFE
For Many Years Was Com
mander of Famous Boston
Clippers.
ONCE LOST IN THE SOUTH SEAS
H3 Was the Trustee of the Merritt
Trust, and Complications May
Arise.
Oaklattd OrncE San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, June 10. j
Captain Joshua M. Knowles expired
suddenly at his home on Jackson street
this afternoon. Death was totally unex
pected, althougn Captain Knowles was
suffering from a severe cold. A stroke of
apoplexy, which came on about 1 o'clock^
rendered the captain unconscious, and
one hour later he died.
On Saturday last Captain Knowles
started for a trip to Alaska. Hardly had
the voyage commenced when the captain
was seized with a severe cold, which so
alarmed him that he ordered the steamer
Jannie, in which he was a large owner, to
return to port. The Jannie arrived last
night, and Captain Knowles came directly
to his home.
Captain Knowles has lived In Oakland for
many years, where he has been known as
a capitalist. He whs a stockholder and
director in the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, but his business has all been tran
sacted in San Francisco, and personally
he was very little known this side of the
bay in a commercial way.
The deceased was formerly a sea cap
tain ana was well known in shipping cir
cles. The last ship he commanded was
the well-known Glory of the Seas, which
is still afloat, and was the hundredth
vessel built by the Boston firm of Donald
McKay.
While on a voyage the deceased was
wrecked many years ago on an island in
the Soutn Seas. Owing to a defective
chart his ship K-as lost. Leaving a portion
of bis crew on the island he took tbe long
boat and went to Pitcairn Island, where he
buried $7000 worth of treasure. As there
was then very little communication with
tbe island Captain Knowles again set sail
and made Samoa. When he reached Ban
Francisco he had been given up as dead
and a partial administration of his estate
bad taken place.
The captain first came to this coast as a
consignee of several Boston ships and he
afterward became their agent. Still later
he was interested in a whaling company.
He settled in Oakland twenty years ago
and has lived in the old family home of
the Merritts, which he purchased from
tbe est'ite.
Mr. Knowles' wife and six children sur
vive him. They are: Mrs. Harry Gordon,
Mrs. H. H. Adams, and Hattio, Mattie,
Ruth, Alice and Thomas Knowles. Mrs.
Knowies and several of the children were
at tne bedside of the captain when he
died.
Captain Knowles was one of the trustees
of the Merritt estate, and Attorney Fred
Stratton said this afternoon that the suc
cessorship would depend upon the terms
of the trust deed. If the deed specified
that in the event of death of a trustee
some other person shall succeed to the
office then such a person must take the
vacant position. In the absence of such a
provision the Superior Court has tho
power to appoint tha successor. The
trust provided that $5m),000 in property
was to be held for the nephews, and from
this they were to receive their income.
The great defect of tho trust was that no
power was given to the trustees to sell in
the event of the property not proving re
munerative.
Captain Knowles was born in Massa
chusetts and was 66 yearn of age.
DROWNED IN THE CREEK.
Sirs. George McKenney Rescues Two
Children, but Loses the Third.
HAYW'ARDS, Cal., June 10.— Mrs.
George McKenney saved the lives of an
eight-year-old boy and a ten-year-old girl
to-day and had a narrow escape herself.
Another girl 12 years of age was drowned.
The family of Peter Asmussen, a fruit
grower, residing on B street in this place,
consisting of mother, two daughters and a
son, went out to Knox Creek to gather
blackberries to-day. The oldest giri lost
her balance and fell down the embank
ment and into the creek. Seeing her in
the water the other children rushed to her
rescue, but found themselves helpless and
were drowning when Mrs. McKennty saw
them.
She went to work with a will and after
being nearly drawn into the creek herself
managed to get the two younger children
out safely, but the older child bad sunk to
tbe bottom. She secured other assistance
and tne body was soon recovered and
brought to town, where an inquest wili be
held.
The Girls Found.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10.— Florence
Gleisner, the 16-year-old girl who left
home two weeks ago, was found in San
Francisco to-day and brought to this city
and is held on a charge of vagrancy. She
has the reputation of being very wild.
Grace Estella Baker, the 15-year-old girl
reported missing from 702 Mission street,
San Francisco, is at the Qbabot Home
here, having joined her father in this city
and was placed there by him. He will re
sist the mother's efforts to secure the
child.
Leach Cbosen Assignee!
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10. — Abe P.
Leach, a young attorney, was chosen
assignee of Charles B. Shear, the insolvent
hardware merchant, this morning at a
meeting of the creditors. There was no
division on the matter, although the
March-Davis Bicycle Company and the
Dangler Stove Company were barred from
participating owing to their authorization
being improper. Leach's bond was fixed
at $20,000. The liabilities of Shear are
$26,000, and the assets less than $15,000.
The Afro-Americans.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10.— The Afro-
American League instructed the execu
tive committee to make every possible
effort to secure a position on the police
force for Fronzo 'ioung. The Jblub will
elect delegates to the National Conven
tion, which will be held in Los Angeles
August 1, at their meeting on July 7.
China-Japan Troubles.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10.— The
Japanese-Chinese difficulties fought out in
the Sather kitchen Monday were aired in
court to-day, both sides being well repre
sented by counsel. Their statements were
contradictory and the court took the case
under advisement.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction Bales
PAVILIOS AUCTIOS HOUSE,
319-321 Mitter St., above Grant Aye.
AT SALESROOM THIS DAY,
Thursday June 11. 1896,
At 10:30 o'clock a. m., I will sell
The Furnishings of 4 Private Houses and a SO-
room Lcdmns-lioiise, consisting of I'arlor. Bed-
room. Dining-room, Library and KitcieD Furni-
ture In oaK and walnut; S:oves, Ranges, Utensils
and Carpets.
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Suttcr St., Above tiraut Are.
AT 1370 MARKET ST., Bet. 7th and Bth.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY),
June 11, at 2 and 7:30 p. m., continuation sale of
Agateware, Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, Hardware.
Woodenware, Lamps, Hose. Crockery, Ulnssware.
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
FROM M'KINLEY.
The Ohio Statesman Has Been Fur
nished All the Factn of the Third
District l ipht.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10.— Murray
Laidlaw, secretary of the "primary" dele
gation to the Sacramento convention, ad
dressed a note to Major William McKin
ley two weeks ago, inclosing the official
documents in relation to the Third Con
gressional District contest at St. Louis, re
questing that after tine examination he
turn them over to ex-Governor Sheldon,
one of the delegates at large fiom Califor
nia, who would present them to the cre
dential committee at St. Louis. In reply
ne has received the following:
Canto??. Ohio, June 3, 1896.
Murray Laidlaw, P. 0. box 133, Oakland, Cal—
My Dear Sir: lam in receipt of yours of the
28th ult., with lnclosure, relating to the con
troversy in the Third Congressional District of
the State of California. I have looked over the
documents, and, pursuant to your request, will
turn them over to Mr. Boyle, my private secre
tary, who will hand them to Mr. Sheldon at St.
Louis at the first convenient opportunity.
Yours very truly, VV. McKinley.
BOYS AGAINST GIRLS
Co-Eds Will Tell Why Cuba
Should Belong to Uncle
Sam.
Attention of Municipal Authorities
Called to a Brutal Assault on
Chinese.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 10.— One of the
features of the graduation exercises of the
Berkeley High School next Thursday
evening will be a debate between the girls'
and boys' debating societies of the school.
The girls have organized an Ecclesia of
debaters. The boys call their society of
forensics the Forum. In lieu of the usual
reading of theses the graduates decided to
have a debate and the girls' society will
try conclusions with the boys over the
question of the admission of Cuba into the
United States. The young ladies will con
ten d that if Cuba achieves her inde
pendence and is willing to come into the
Union she should be admitted, while the
boys will show why Spain's irrepressible
American dependency would be an unde
sirable addition to the domain of Uncle
Sam.
The debate will open with a "challenge"
by Miss Ella M. Bunnell, president of the
Ecclesia, which will be answered by the
prpsident of the Forum, J. L. Kennedy.
The debaters for the Ecclesia will be
Miss Margaret E. Doherty, Miss Elrna M.
Mansfield and Miss Mary T. Gallagher.
Carlton H. Parker, Erie C. Parks and
George O. Brehm will talk for the Forum.
Each debater will be allowed ten minutes,
five minutes being given to the affirmative
for a closing speech.
P. R. Boone, president of the Board of
Education of Berkeley, will preside. The
judges chosen to decide the contest be
tween the boys and girls are Colonel
Charles R. Green leaf, Rev. George B.
Hatch and Attorney W. H. Waste.
Brutalityfto Chinese.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 10.— The Rev.
George E. Swan, rector of St. Mark's
Church, has called public attention to an
outrage perpetrated upon three Chinese
last Saturday night. It appears that sev
eral roughs" attacked the celestials and
they had a hard struggle for liberty, only
escaping amid a shower of stones. There
was no apparent cause for the disgraceful
assault except malicious mischief.
"The outrage should receive the prompt
attention of our town authorities or, these
failing in their duty, of some of our citi
zens, said the Rev. Mr. Swan.
"The feelings of common humanity
should prompt us to resent this injury to
unoffending men, but if this motive is ob
scured then the preservation of the peace
and safety of our community and its good
name should move us to prompt action.
"If this outrage is to be allowed to
escape punishment others, and perhaps ol
a different character, may soon follow, for
nothing grows more quickly than wrong
and evil. The fact that such a public out
rage can occur unpunished at the seat of
California's culture and learning will not
commend us to the rest of California or to
the country at large."
Marshal Lloyd and his deputies are
working upon the ca*;e, but there is no
clew to the perpetrators of the outrage and
little chance of a capture.
Annual Report of Professor Hilgard.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 10.— The an
nual report for 1896 of the agricultural de
partment of the university has been pub
lished by the State Printer and is ready
for distribution.
It is a large book of nearly 500 pages,
liberally illustrated and containing elab
orate reports of the work done by the
different branches of tbe department, to
gether with many tables.
Much of the volume is devoted to ac
counts of investigation of diseases of fruits,
etc., and of the examination of different
soils.
In a letter of transmlttal to President
Kellogg Professor Hilgard calls attention
to the increased attendance of graduate
students in the lecture and laboratory
courses of his department, and expresses
the opinion that the overcrowding of the
professions of law, medicine and literature
will result in greater inclination on the
part of young men to engage in agricul
ture. "Agriculture requires qaite as much
brain work and intelligence as do the
other professions," says the Professor.
"Contrary to the poiicy defined and pur
sued by many United States and European
stations, 1 hold that it is the first duty of
our stations to minister to the pressing
needs of farmers on questions on which
their own experience and often existing
literature furnish them littie or no infor
mation.
"Scientific investigation of such ques
tions will almost invariably lead to the de
velopment of new facts and •principles,
which is one of the main objects for which
the stations were established,"
Enterprising Student Editors.
BERKELEY, Cal.. June 10.— The edi
tors of Olla Podrida, a paper published by
students of the Berkeley High School,
have gotten up a 44-page edition in honor
of the graduation of the class of '96.
In the special issue, which will appear
to-morrow, are six half-tone illustrations,
besides several other pictures. A portrait
of Principal Waterman is the frontispiece.
The other pictures are of the teachers of
the High School, group pictures of the
seventy-two graduates of '96, of the forty
four members of the debating society and
of the baseball and track teams.
Among the articles in the paper are the
35 ROOMS ELEGANT FIRMTIRE
TO BE SOLD AT PUBLIC AUCTION.
LAURENCE VINCENT,
General Auctloneerand Commission Merchant,
Office, room 610, Spreckels Building, 927 Market st.
TO-MORROW.
Friday...... June 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. x., on the premises.
522 POLK ST., NR. GOLDEN GATE AY.,
....I WILL SKI.T. . . .
The Elegant Furniture contained In 35 rooms:
Purlor Upholster/: Oak. Walnut, Cherry and Ash
Chamber Suits: Bedst»ads, Bureaus, Wardrobe*,
Chiffoniers, Klegant Folding Beds, Tapestry Car-
pets, sprint; and Curled Hair Mattresses, Blankets,
Spreads, Feather Pil'ows. *-h?ets, etc.; Extension
Table, Hum and an immense quantity of useful
Household Furniture too numerous to mention.
Note— The especial attention of furniture deal-
ers. lodging-bouse keepers and the public la
general Is called to this sale.
Terms— Cash.
LAURENCE VINCENT, Auctioneer.
AICTIOHALE !
-At i l^ ./fciv At r& yx*^y
THIS DAY.
Thursday June 11, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at
NEW york: stablhs,
507 Jessie, Bet. Vi union and Market.
WE WILL SELL, WITHOUT RESERVE,
• TWKSTV HEAD OF HOUSES,
'Top and Open Buggies,
Milk Wagons. Harness, Ktc.
M. .1. MiHRIDK. Auctioneer.
president's address, by J. L. Kennedy;
class history, by Ray Simonds; class
prophecy, Miss Thompson and Miss
Ellison; a poem on the class motto,
Miss Grant; "To Ninety-Six," by M. C.
James, teacher of Latin ; "A Trip to St.
Augustine," Roy Dirkerson; "Cahfornia'a
Inland Sea," J. L. Kennedy ; "Old Noble
Gray Ram," G. O. Brehm.
To Install a Pattor.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 10.-The Rev.
F. J. Akers will be formally installed as
pastor of the newly organized South
Berkeley Presbyterian church, on Thurs
day evening, when special services will
be held in South Berkeley Hall.
The new church is a growth from the
First Presbyterian Church of Berkeley,
and the Rev. Mr. Akers acted as pastor
for some months before it was separately
organized.
The installation sermon will be. by the
Rev. J. W. Ellis. D.D., of East Oakland.
The Rev. Dr. Ketchum of Berkeley will
deliver the charge to the pastor, and the
charge to the people will be by the Rev.
James Curry of Temescal.
Dr. Miner Arrested.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 10.— Dr. F. H.
Miner was arrested to-day on a complaint
sworn to by Guy H. Chick, Superintendent
of S'reets, charging him with tearing up
the public streets without a permit.
Dr. Miner was proceeding to make con
nections of his resilience on Dwight way
with a sewer and had not secured permis
sion as requited by a local ordinance.
The arrest is the first made under the
law in question, which the town officers
intend to strictly enforce hereafter.
Location for Bath- Houses.
BERKELEY, Cal., June io.— The cor
poration which purposes building a num
ber of large bath-houses at West Berkeley
has selected a site. They will locate their
buildings on the beach to the rear of
Paine' s organ factory.
Crescent Club Farce.
BERKELE f, C\l., June 10.— The Cres
cent Athletic Club is preparing to give •
farce at a social to be given at some date
near the close of June.
THEY CONFERRED.
Railroad Officials and Councilman on
Street Openings.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10,— Manager
Julius Kruttschnitt, Chief Engineer Cur
tis, Division Superintendent A. D. Wilder
and Attorney G. W. Baker of the Southern
Pacific Company were in conference this
afternoon with Councilmen Dow, Towle
and Brosnahan in regard to the opening of
streets to the shore line across the rail
way's right of way.
It was agreed that the managar would
prepare and submit to the Council in two
weeks a list of the streets that the com
pany would be willing to have opened if
others were not pressed at this time. They
particularly object to the opening of
Seventeenth and Brush streets.
Hungry and Despondent.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10.— Simon
Branler, a young painter who claimed to
be unable to get work or food without beg
ging, deliberately thrust his hand through.
a heavy plate-glass window of a saloon
last night. He was taken to the City
Prison by the proprietor and charged with
malicious mischief. He pleaded guilty to
day, but sentence was postponed, and it is
probable that an effort will be made to as
sist him to get a position.
Sherman for Marshal.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 10.— A large del
egation will go from here to attend the So
noma celebration Saturday. Major E. A.
Sherman will be grand marshal of the pa
rade, having accepted the invitation from
Benjamin Weed, secretary of the citizens'
committee.
— » «
Spain has a novelty in the way of a sub
merged railway. It runs through the surf
off Oreton, near Bilbao, 650 feet out into
the ocean. The mines of Oreton are ex
tremely rich in iron, but there is no har
bor there, and great difficulty has hitherto
been experienced in getting the ore to the
ships. Now that the submerged railway
has been built it is a simple matter.
"IDflfit
Mmm
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling. 1
Is it any wonder that ho
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trad©
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
■ „ I*■ ■
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fl-> g>n (•-SKKAKMST. Established
■Tir^Bln 1 for the treatment of Private
t^^^k^K Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
£J?(j disease wearing on body and mind and
iS ■Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswhen
Jl otbersfail. Try him. Charges low.
Curcaitnnrantrrd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. F. UIBBON, Box 1957, San Francisco!
1314
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
• GRAND HOTEL.
W B Butter, Chicago G Pacheeo & w. Ignaclo
R W Hoffman, N V W M I awler, Marin
G C Porter &w, Omaha MrsGWimberley.El Paso
B J Baldwin, Bristol IBBrown&w.KansasCity
E F Haas, Stockion J W Davie, Tulare
X Flvnn Cal RMcCullongh, Crows Ldg
.1 J .Miller, Stockton A B Lemon, Santa Rosa
E E Moore, B'OCkton A L Hart, Sacramento
J Aslmrst C»l C Francis. Salinas
W ] Palmer, Oakland T Butler. San LuisObispo
W H Tharles. Cal R H Willey, Monterey
J R Denraan, Petaluma D R Minor, Honolulu
A C Gifford. Los Angeles G Porter <£ w. Hollister
J J Frederic-ks, Cal W P McFacal, Ukiah
E X Kane. Fresno Mrs T Flint, San Jose
X J Kane, Bakersfield C F Shaw. Boston
T H Mason. Napa Mrs J B Peabody, Ohio
£ Tavior, Calaveras F L Coombs. Napa
E X Adams, Bosion Miss A C Jackson. Mas*
T A Grozi r& w, Mass Miss Z Gro/.ier. Mass
H H Hughes, N V A G Hughes, NY
1 D Ryan, Sacto G T Dunlap, Cillroy
Miss Dunlap. Gilroy G Dunlap. Gilroy
Mrs N H Smith, Cal I Boy sen, Sacto
X L Wilhoit, Stockion F Kigaud. Pans
M Erauchant, Paris C W Childs, San Jose
H R Cook. Boston G G Holliday, \ allejo
.1 H Sheldon &w. Mass Mrs A B Jaques, Mass
Mrs I F Perkins, Mass C E Day, los Angeles
W M Sims. Sacto G A Hoffman, Sacto
Mrs R Hart, S Maria Mrs W A Hastarn, Cal
\V T Lucas, d Maria J B Thompson, S Lake
M Rosenberg, Holllster
PALACE HOTEL.
W W Adams, Butte L Manning. Butte
M B Thompson, N V Miss Thompson. NY
T springer Chicago S J Fleld.W ashingtn.D C
MrsF.eld,Washingtn,DC Mrs J C Smith, Wash ,D C
H H Hinshaw, urlngm 8 P Maxwell & w.OaKlnd
W Cosgrave, Fresno H M Jones <fe valet, V N
P H Duryea _ valet, NY H Lindley. Los Angeles
H Z Osborne, Los Ang H Griesenback, Texas
W H Cowan, London W H Cramer, Philadel
8 H sondham, N V W McCllntock, Denver
Alice Mcmintock.Denvr J H Lewis, Seattle
A Burtis NY' M D Shramcu, N V
A Weddegan 4 w,Brk!n Miss Wedde^an. Brookln
C T Richards * w.Brkln M Hoffman A w, Quincy
Miss M Mare.Staßarbra W E Lester, St.Louis
Dr W Taylor, Live-more H M Childs, Montana
Mrs C W Leach, Mont R Lowell <& w, N V
Miss Booram; NY J N Burk, San Jose
H Deering <fe w, S Jose Mrs Camache, San Jose
T E Newlin, Los Ang Geo Mason, Los Angeles
J C Keyes, Los Ang Wm Earle & w, N V
Mrs A U Earle, NY T MrsH Earle, ch & md.NY
Miss Ear c. N V W McKittrick & w. N V
H V Haight, M V
BUSS HOUSE.
C A Hay _w, Sacto M J Flannery, San Jose
H M Keys. Healdsburg H Fouble, Napa
Mrs X McAxthur A J F Martin, Woodland
mother, Santa Kosa S Sheppard, Cal
J Lawler, Petaluma s Walthal, Kans
D R P King, Pa Captain Kurth, Pa
Miss P J Castle, Pa W Hodges, Pa
C Bel!. Dry Creek O Indahl, Portland
J A Mathews, sta Rosa C Hosman, Elk Grove
C L Ross * dau. Eureka G Lee, Jamestown
0H st John, Ft Bragg E O Berk &w, Portland
J W Turner, Eureka F Bayone, N V
,1 Gray & w, Heaidsburg Mrs J B Armstrong, Cal
Li' Peterson, Chicago Mrs Hrown<fcßch, Victoria
J Wilson, Victoria Mrs J Hennessy, S Jose
F J Heuneasy, San Jose M L Cohn, Bishop Creek
J Huck, Sis<on A V>' iJarradough & w.Mo
.Mrs M E COfflu, La J F Branden. Centervllle
G R Owens, Cloverdale F Hatch, Sacto
J Mead. Healdsburg O T Hassett, Healdsburg
J Daley, Healdsburg W Nicholls, Dutch Flat
Mrs J E Ilazlett, Denver H Brown, Hollister
P Shearer, Gait H Dilloore, La
A J c< mpton. Sta Rosa J D Foster, Fresno
B C Nichols, Mich
LICK HOUSE.
D E Knight, Marysville MrsT B Chandler.Elmira
W Chandler. Elmira A Hewell, Modesto
Isaac Sterne, Portland Mrs R F Parks, S Maria
Miss B Hemphill.S Mar P Hemphiil. Santa Maria
J A I.outtit _ w, stockn Mrs F H Moss, Palo Alto
Miss Peet. Madrone J W Lawrence. S Cruz
W Wllbn , so:/ora H J Sanford, Fresno
JJ white, S.ockton W Moore, Sacramento
1 Alexander.sacramento L THatrield, Sacramto
G A Arnold. L Angeles E X Taylor &w, Cal
L W ivnight. California J Meagher, California
H Postletwaite, 3 Jose W Sexton, San Jose
S J Evans, Chicago >V Fullerton. Cediir Rap
A Caininetti. Jackson J M Acheson & w, Prtld
Clara N U ilcox, Kutte J Huber &w, Fresno
Tessi Huber. Fresno John Tuohy, Tulare
A W Jones Jr, Monterey
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Chanssend, sausalito R C Laurence, Cal
E Bonnette, Cal A Hackett, Alameda
G Farley, Portland D J Koehane, Alcatras
Wm Proctor, St Louis J F Luret <fe w, B C
C H t-ummerfield, B C P E Jones, Victoria
G Mclnerney _ w, 111 G Falrley, Portland
T H Colt-man, Jerome H Cleveland, Los Ang
J J Collins, Cal Lloyd Fensher, Cal
G Robinson, Mo G Gottlieb, St Louis
J Newell, St Lonls
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Roberts, Sacmto S Humpbery, Alameda
W T Robison, Ohio J Castro, Sag Jose
J McPike. Napa 8 C Lynch, Cucumongo
C F Petersdorff, Cal O B Macdonald, Napa
B P Barker. Livermore C C Smith & w, S Rosa
C H Braynard, Redding C H Hays, Los Angeles
L L Boseutbal. <■ hicago A M Hooper, Texas
.1 B McKenzie, Benicia T P Hansen, N V
G Schulze, Dixon F A Dlxon, San Jose
L B Holladay, Ogden G D Shepard & w, Cal
» ♦ — •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Marguerite D. Hope (nee Harrigan. and as ad
ministratrix of the estate of John T. Hope, Mar
garet I. Hope, Katie H. Clark: and as administra
trix of Rosa H. O'Brien, Annie H. Etchebarne,
Thomas W. Moore, P. B. Lyncli and P. W. Mur
phy, executors of the estate of Delia Hope: J. V.
Lawrence. Santa Cruz Rock Paving Company, J. E.
Hhain, L. Jacobi and F. M. Thai) by J. J. O' i ar
relL H. E. Ctiffey aud Charles a O'Byrne (refer
ees), to Isaac 1..; Hoffman, lot on SE corner of j
O'Farrell and Gough streets, S 60. X 103: iy 2 , S I
30, E 34:4V 2 , N 90, W 137:6; $23,200.
H. ML and Carrie L. Miller to John Bellmer. lot !
on E iine of Buchanan street, 110 N of Green, N 30 I
by E 62:6; $10.
P. J. and Emma L. O'Connor to J. W. Wright,
lot on N line of Vallejo street, 257:6 W of Baker,
W 48 by N 150. quitclaim deed; $1.
Wallace C. Wise to Clara H. Wise, lot On N line
of California street, 81:3 W of Baker, W25 by N
90:2 V*; gift-
Miguel, Vincent and Catalina Noe and Catalina
Splivalo to Robert M. Lindsay, undivided ifa of lot
on sE corner of Twenty-first and Chattanooga
streets, E 125 by S 104; also undivided % of lot
on NX corner of Castro and Elizabeth streets, N
26:6 by E 105; $10.
JameaE., Sarah A. and Amelia S. Damon to
William A. Doud, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street, 37 W.of San Jose avenue, W 35:4'5/s by >' ;
87:6; $10.
lieorge and Delia Ruddock to Gregory Walsh, ;
lot on *E line of 01a San Jose road, 302 :8i4 N X of '
Twenty-ninth street, N 15 deg. 53 mm. E 36:814,
SE 87:10, S 27 deg. 40 mm. W 36, NW 80:11;
$10.
James Gaul to Maria B. Gaul, lot on S line of
Bush street, 176:3 W of Grant avenue, W 22:11
by S 63; gift.
Mary E. Williams to Mary J. Cox, lot on NW I
line of Howard street, 225 NE of Seventh, NE 25 '
by -NW9O; $10.
William A. McGrath to James Reilly. undivided
third inter-st in Outside Lauds blocks 783. 782, |
781, 780, 754 to 757, 687, 686, 685, 684, bounded I
by I and L streets, Twelfth and Sixteenth
avenues; $10.
C. G. Siyle (administrator of the estate of David
S. Terry) to M. C. Alexander, undivided two-thirds
interest in lo: 5, b;ock 10, Market-street Home
stead Association: $270.
John Jehl to Sophie Jehl, lots 94. 95, 96, 99, Ben
Franklin Homestead; gift.
H. 8. and Emilia C. Manning to John H. Grady,
lot on SW line of Fourteenth avenue, 225 SE of Q
street, Sfc 25 by SW 100, ON. and H. 292; $10.
Odd 1 ellows' Cemetery Association to Caroline
F. Morse, lot in center of Morse section; $1.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
Christoph Heuer to William Heyer. lot on N line
of Eleventh street, 100 E of West, E 50 by N 100, |
being 10t5 26 and 27, block 152. Oakland; grant-
George E. Stone to Jesse East, lot on S line of
Fortieth street or Evoy avenue, 476 E of Grove,
E 36:7 by S 100, being portion of Montgomery
Tract No. 1, Oakland Township; $10.
Builder.' Contracts.
W. F. Whlttier with James »L Kclley, altera
tions and additions to building known as the
White Lead Works building, on E line of Fremont
street, between Howard and Folsom; $12,139;
Kdward R. Swain architict.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
Bt_S* SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO jT~
l_f^~ Lodge No. 212, F. and A. M., meets J_
THIS EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for iirstlfjr
decree. By order of the master. /^r\
- - E. C. HARE, secretary.
{f^S= DORIC LODGE NO. 216, F. AND _
»--5 f a. M., 121 Eddy Called meeting _JV
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:3O"sC_*f
o'clock. First degree. All Masons are in-/V>
vited. By order of the W. M.
ADO-.PH KRONBERG, Secretary.
B^ss= CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. _
-t3^ and A.M.. will meet THIS (THURS-__%
DAY) EVENING. June 11, at 7:3o o'clock. "%Jif
First degree. By order of the master. r*w*
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
B_^=- "CLANNANANGAIDHEAL _ & _-.
_£-»' an' Gualiibh a' Cheile," San Fran- 3V. _»tW
Cisco Scottish Thistle Club meets THIS iß*^___?
(THURSDAY) EVKNING, 32 O'Far- V_3*
rellsu, Fraternity Hall, at 8 o'clock. Invitations for
the grand entertainment to be held on the 26th '
inst. will be distributed.
J. D. CO LIE. Royal Chief.
O. W. Patkkbejt, Recorder. |
»_3s» SAN FRANC SCO, JUNE 10. 1896.
_r-^ To the Draymen and Teamsters of San
Francisco— Gentlemen: The Draymen and Team-
sters' Union extend to you an invitation to meet
them next SATURDAY EVENING, June 13, at
their ha 11,121 Eddy st.,at half-past 8 o'clock, for the
purpose of discussing the street pavement for the
best interest or the teaming business of San Fran-
cisco. Also to stand upon our rights in regard to
certain streets, i; 0 not fail to attend, as your
rights are in danger. D. P. BROWN, Pres. .
J. B. Nidebost. Rec. Sec. ~
TtrySr" EIEVENTH ANNUAL PIC- _a^
WJy me and family reunion of the %$&?
Servian Montenegrin L. nn_ B. Society, _*__*H_ft
SUNDAY,. June 14, 1896. at California •agEgH
s<-hu<;tjwn Park, San Rafael. Bo " ts _!ic_t_a
leave Tiburon ferry, foot of Market BU,KjK3«!J
at 9:30 and 11 a. m. and 1:30 and 3:30 ffiMMggj
p. m. Special train will .leave park at tSmMJf
6:30 P. m. Adu t's ticket.round trip, In- "--»»■*'
eluding admission to the park, 50c; children's
ticket _sc. Grand tombola; first prize $30 cash,
and 130 other valuable prizes. COMMITTEE.
7'• ' • DIVIDEND NOTICES.
b?S=~dTv'i dk^lTn oT_c_^-)rvi_ ENrTrJa
j_?_-^a2 (26 cents per share) of the Hutch lnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after SATURDAY, June 20, 1896. ; Transfer- \
books will close Saturday. June 13. 1896. at 1_
o'clock m. . E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. , j
special NOTICES. ;
DRS. HOL.MAS AND LINQUIST— RE-
Ctoiy moved to 1370 Market sU ; poor treated free.
ft^S= BAD TENANTS- EJECTED FOR $4;
t-^ collections made, city lor country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 6580.
it— s= NOTICE — ABANDONED CHILDREN
Bt—^ In the Roman , Catholic Orphan Asylum
since January, 1895— Martha Frost, age 7 years:
Anna Deeney, age 10 years: Rose Deeney, age 6
years; Margaret McCarthy, age 8 years; Mary Hig- 1
gins, age 10 years. Respectfully,
5 SISTERS OF CHARITY.
S__S» COFFiSY'S COLLECTION CO., 235
_?jB / Kearny St.. ejects- bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364. \ ' ■
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
OR BEST SERVANTS AND RELIABLE
1 help, leave your order with J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 312 >utter st. . ■ .
TV UMBER OF FIRST-CLASS SWEDISH AND
i> German girls awaiting situations at the Swed-
ish Employment Office. 315 Sutter st-
TV-EAT YOUNG GIRL: CHAMBER WORK OK
1* waiting: well recommended. J. P. JOHN-
STON & CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
pOMPETENT, RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES
Vj situation, city or country, as nursegirl and
sewing or chamberwork nd sewing; good refer-
ence. Address M. H., 907 Dolores St., city.
WANTED— BY A STEADY, COMPETENT
« ' woman to do housework; is good cook and
laundress, or any kind of work, city or country;
wages moderate. 79 Jessie st., bet. Ist and 2d.
RELIABLE GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
XV to do upstairs work. Call in morning, 347 Dore
St., bet. Ninth and Tenth. Bryant and Brannan.
•\TOUNG LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
X traveling companion. Call or address 44 Sixth,
room 45.
r\ ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
VT day; washing, ironing, bouse or office cleaning.
Address 612 Minna st. ■
IDOW WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
keeper: city or country. Call at 681 Mission
St., room 10, first floor. ■
OMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO
ing and Ironing, or general housework; city or
country ; wage no object. 544 Jessie St.. downstairs.
■pESPECTABLE COLORED WOMAN A 8
X\> maid or general housework or cooking, wishes
situation. 340 Turk st.
/~1 ERMAN GIRL TO DO COOKING AND
VJT general housework, city or country, wages $35.
Call 513% Hyde, rear.
YOUNG LADY WISHES A POSITION TO
X assist in store or office. Address C. H., box
123, Call Office.
I DRESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
I > fitter and draper; sews 50c a day. M. M., box
94, Call Office.
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES WASHING OUT
Xor at home. Call or address 909 Jackson St.,
bet. Mason and Powell.
k li able" woman wishes work BY
XV the day as laundress and housecleaner. 43
Willow aye., cor. Polk. ■ .
XPEBIENCED GERMAN LADY WISHES
X_l any kind of work by the day; $1 per day. 602
Howard st. -. ; > .:'.^
TRONG WOMAN DESIRES WORK AS JAN-
itress in large building; has experience. Room
1, 821 Mission st.
4 MERICAN NURSE WOULD LIKE TO TAKE
J\- care of infant or invalid in city or surrounding
country. Address box 72, 339 Hayes st. j
Tji IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES
X work by the day: terms $1 75. Call or address
919 a Sutter st. "..-; :--.■■
V YOUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE- I
work. Call 523 Potrero aye., between Seven- I
teen h and Eighteenth sis.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES UPSTAIRS WORK
X and care of children. Call 307 a Sixth st.
AT EAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUA-
_LN tion for upstairs work or general housework.
Apply 1022 Larkln st.
BY A YOUNG GIRL TO DO HOUSEWORK;
wages $20. Call 7- 3k Tehama St., bet. Eighth i
and Ninth, Howard and Folsom.
r\ ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
VX housework in small family. 3 Kolsom aye. ,
between Seventh and Eighth sts., off Folsom.
SITUATION WANTED BY A SCOTCH GIRL i
0 as infant nurse with children; the best of ref-
erences given. Call or address 529 Eighth st,.
Oakland.
■\rOUNG LADY" WISHES POSITION AT
X housekeeping; city or country; references.
Address or call 1626 Ban Carlos aye.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES POSI- j
XL tion to do chamberwork and sewing; Is good !
seamstress. Add. 1835 Howard st., near Fifteenth. !
OUJSG GERMAN GIRL. WITH A BABY, I
X wishes situation, In city or country. Inquire 1
207 Montgomery aye.
ITUATION WANTED BY A WOMAN, ONE
who thoroughly understands cooking and gen-
eral housework; country preferred. Apply 230
Eighth st.
NEAT SWISS GIRL WISHES SITUATION,
X y upstairs work and sewing: recommended by
present employer. Apply 1805 California s .
OOD CHAMBERMAID WISHES SITU A-
tion; city or country: speaks Germ?n, French j
and English. Address T. D., box 59, Call Office.
TV" OMAN WITH BOY 7 YEARSOLD WISHES j
' » position to do housework. Call 2207 Pine st. I
V OUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION AS j
X housekeeper or nurse; city preferred. 137 |
Seventh room 1. j
"yOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS GOV- j
X erness, chamberwork or second work; good j
references. S. <;., box 17, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
TT companion or nurse to a lady; domesticated j
and fond of children. 8., box 1, Call Office. |
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE j
X day, washing and housecleanlng. Address 212
Chattanooga st. <
YOUNG COLORED LADY WISHES GEN- j
X tlemen's wasning to do. Address 28 Hunt St., !
Off Third. - i
YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WISHES POSI-
X tion to do general housework. 1623 Eddy st.
ADY DESIRES SEWING AND MENDING ;
by the da\-, or will do any kind of work. Room
8, 472 .Stevenson st, \
ITUATION BY A FIRST-CLASS GERMAN
cook; best of references; wages $25. Inquire
15 Rondel Place, off Sixteenth, bet. Valencia and
Mission. ■
•EXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER WISHES A
Xj few more engagements by the day; terms,
$1 50. Address E. A., box 82, Call Office.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS ANY
kind of housework by the day or week. Call
908 Powell st. .
YOUNG LADY WISHES ENGAGEMENT AS !
X saleslady. Address S. L., box 132, Call. j
YOUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS |
X housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. 203
Powell St., room 5.
pESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WITH A
Xt child 6 years of age wishes a place as cook or
to do general housework. Call at 149 Perry st.,
bet. Third and Fourth. .. !
IRST-CLASS FRENCH CHILDREN'S
dressmaker wants few more engagements by
the day, weetc or month: terras moderate; satis-
[ faction guaranteed. Address H. 11., box 122, Call.
T"\RESSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
XJ day, in families; terms $1 per day. Address
917 Pacific st. ■-■■..■■ , . - ,
INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
O^T_^C^6l_SrwTlTiEßlClp6^_R^^l?D
men for all work can be secured at J. F. CROB-
ETT <fe CO.'S, 628 Sacramento st.
TTUNTifiR _ CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XI employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
VJhelp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY«fcCO., 640 Clay.
P C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
• branches :short notice. 14 Geary, Ci rant 4S.
TAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE, 418
0 Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
W. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office, 637 Commercial: tel. black 1261.
TAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 8148 Sutter: tel rant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41 4 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
YOUNG MAN AND WIFE, NO CHILDREN,
X American, want work; man can do all kinds of
farm and orchard work; good driver: wife good
cook; beit of reference given. Address Winches-
ter House, 44 Third st. room 30. '
STEADY YOUNG MAN, AGE 25, EXPERl-
enced, earnestly desires employment in any
wholesale or retail business: moderate salary;
references. Worker, box 17, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS POSI-
XV tion in baker-shop, j Address E. R., box 73,
1 this office. -
ANE WANTS SITUATION IN PRIVATE
family to take care of horses and garden; also
handy with carpenters' tools; .references given.
Address W. R., box 9, this office. • ,
YOUNG M*VN OF 18 WISHES A POSITION
X in an office as assistant bookkeeper, stenogra-
I pher or bill clerk. Address G. HAMILTON, 25
1 Perry st. -; , •
"EXPERIENCED GERMAN : BARTENDER
X- wants situation in a saloon or grocery store.
Call on J. T., 1309 Stockton st.
ERMAN GARDENER WISHES SITUA-
"jr tion; good references. Address Gardener, 417
Kearny si., S. F.
OY, 20, GOOD HAND WITH HORSES, CAN
l> milk, etc, would do light work in exchange
I for board, room and small wages. W. E., box 56,
i Call Office. :
FIRST-CLASS LAUNDRYMAN, WITH TEN
1 wars' experience at running a St. Clalr shirt-
polishing machine, wishes a position. Call or ad-
dress 1»_1 Myrtle St., Oakland.
OOK WANTS SITUATION FOR THE COUN-
V try: bakes good bread. p'es and cake. Address
1301 Santa Clara aye.. Alameda. '
T7IXPERTBOOKKEEPER, also good RAPID
Xii penmau, wants posi.ion bookkeeping; can fur-
nish good ; reference. ' Address A. 8., 430 Turk st.
i \\J OOD WORKER- JOB WANTED: GOOD ME-
J V T chanic. Address M. GLENN, Morgan Hill, Cal.
'.': ■ ~- -.-.- ■ --- ••..-.-,...—■-,. ■>.!.-■ : . ■ • .. -r.i -.- ,-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
"YrOtTNG~GERS£AN OF 2 5 WOPLD LIKE JOB
A about a store or private place as porter, gar-
dener and" care of horses, etc.; good references.
Address Y. G.. box 16. Call Office.
-V ANTED— BY ~~Y O U G MAN : WITH EX-
» • perience, position as waiter on a steamer. Ad-
dress W. 0. , box 98, Call Office.
"ANTED— A POSITION BY A FIRST-CLASS
TT meat and pastry cook: fifteen years' experi-
ence. Aadress M. 8., box 35, Call.
YOUNG MAN WISHES A SITUATION AS
X coachman: can also ride overjumps, or would
break horses to jump. Address B. X., box 134,
Call Office. . -■ ■ ' ■:-- '-' '
YOUNG MAN 30 YEARS OF AGE WANTS
X work; any kind: good milker: horseman:
handy at anything. Address H. A., box 116, Call.
SITUATION WANTED AS MAX ABOUT
O place, act as nurse or wait on elderly gentle-
man; city or country : references given. Address
M. A. , box 119, Call Office.
YOU.NU MAN EXPERIENCED "IN BOOK-
A keeping, shorthand and typewriting and good
penman desires position. Address B. X., box 94,
Call Office. __________
YODNGMAN WANTS A SITUATION IN A
A private family to take care of horses and gar-
den and make himself generally useful. Call or
address E. MILLER, Frank Ho el, Alameda.
T7ERY GOOD V ENCH WINE-CELLAR
V man for all kinds of work wants situation;
best reference given. Address W. C, box 104,
Call Office. ..
Vj AN AND WIFE: EASTERN PEOPLE:
1"1 man understands ■ general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work: references.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office. ..
WINCHESTER HOUSE,. 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PAINTER AND PAPER-HaNGER WITH
. tools wants piecework; paper hung 9c per roll.,
620 Lark In st.
YOUNG GERMAN WISHES A SITUATION
A as coachman, milker or gardener: good refer-
ences. Address G. W., box 63, this office.
\f AN AND WIFE (SWEDISH) WOULD LIKE
1»X to take care of gentleman's place during the
summer; city or country; can give the best of
city references: no family. Address C. H ALLEN,
317 Fremont st.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the experting of books, opening
and dosing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office.
JAPANESE WISHES WORK IN PRIVATE
family: housework, waiter or plain cook; city
or country ; reference. R. J. MAT&U, 531 Jessie.
TAPANESE WANTS SITUATION AS
O schoolboy. Address I. M., 709 Geary St.
\\7 INCIIESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
If Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms: 2Sc to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus an 1 bageagpioanrt from the ferry.
FEMALE H—Ll* "WANTED.
W AITRESS, STEADY, COUNTRY HOTEL^
TT. $2O: fare paid; good place. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st.
TV EAT WOMAN TO WORK FOR 4 GROWN
J-M persons on ranch: $15: fare paid. MURRAY-
& READY, 634 Clay st. ■
QHORT-ORDER COOK, SMALL RESTAU-
O rant, $6 week; cook for men. $15; waitresses,
$20; and other places. MURRAY & READY,
634 Clay st. - .
WAITRESS. COUNTRY HOTEL, $20:
»T waitress, restaurant. $20, room and board:
girls for housework, city and country, $20 and
$25. C. K. HaNSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
"VOXJJNG LADY TO TEND SODA FOUNTAIN
A and candy-counter at a summer resort; $20,
board and lodging. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. ,
YOUNG LADY TO TEND SODA FOUNTAIN
A in the country, see party here. 9:30 this morn-
ing: $20 and board. C. JR. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
/ TOOK WHO CAN MAKEBUTTER, PRIVATE
\J family, $3U: Scandinavian cook, 2 in family,
for mountains, $26; cook for superintendent of
mines, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
HOOK, $30: SECOND GIRL, $J6; NURSE, $16;
\J second girl, same house, $15; 20 houseworK
girls, city and country. *20 and $25: 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15, MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ler st __^__
/GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN;
VJT short distance; $20. Apply early to MISS
COLLEN, 323 Sntter at.
TSoOK. BOARDING-HOUSE, *30. MISS CUL-
\J LKN, 323 Sinter st. .
AID AND SEAMSTRESS, $25; COOK, $35.
I*l MISS CULLEX, 323 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, ANGELS CAMP, $20. MISS
IT CULLEX, 323 Sutter St.
/GERMAN OR SWEDISH CHAMBERMAID,
lj $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter St.
\fISS ZIRMA JACOBSON— PLEASE CALL AT
I>X 323 Suttei st.
\\r ANTBJU— WAITRESS, COUNTRY hotel,
TT $20, see party here at 9:30 to-day; waitress,
also chambermaid, same house.. s2o each, see par-
ty here at 10 to-day; laundress, private family,s2s:
3 Protestant and Irish second girls, $15 and $20,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutter st.
W ANTED— COOK. COUNTRY, $25; FRENCH
TT second girl, $20: young girl as companion,
must understand Spanish and music, $25 to $30;
German chambermaid, country hotel, $20. LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton si. -
IRL WITH REFERENCES FOR CONFEC-
vjr tionery-store; country; $20 and found. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WAITRESS; COUNTRY; $26. HOTEL GA-
TT ZETTE. 420 Kearny St.
T A DIES TO SELL TOILET PREPARA-
XJ tions: hairdresslng, manicuring, beauty cul-
ture taught free; exclusive rights. MRS. M. J.
BUTLER, 131 Post st.
TV" ANTED— A SWEDISH, MIDDLE-AGED !
'» woman for the country. Apply to 1028 Minna |
St., bet. 7 and 8 f . M. | .
ft erman" GIKL for HOUSEWORK and j
VJT take care of children. Call bet. 10 and 11,
522 Devisadero si.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR LIGHT I
iVI housework; good home, small wages. 764
Howard st.
ll,' ANTED — GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
*« work;- no washing: sleep home or here; wages
$2 51) per week. Call, 9 and 12 a.m., 564 .M issiou st.
V OUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work; assist child. 2215 Bush st.
\\r ANTED— FIRST-CLASS OPERATOR ON !
» » corsets. 516 Sntter st.
p OOD OPERATOR ON PANTS. 625 MER-
vJT chant St., room 15, top floor.
PKSPECTABLE GIRL FOR 'GENERAL
XV housework. Call, 9a. m., 1803 Larkin st.
YOUNG GIRL FOX HOUSKWORK; SMALL
A family; wages, $15. 810 Montgomery st.
OUNG. ATTRACTIVE GIRL IN CANDY
and ice-cream store. Columbia. 128 Fourth st.
fi IRL FOR GENELALHOUSEWORK; SMaLL
VJ family; $12. 1022 Larkin st.
EAT YOUNG HIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
work; wages $10. 701 Post st. •
r\ IRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILDREN AND
\JT help with upstairs work. 1825 Turk st.
YOUNG WOMAN TO COOK AND GENERAL
A housework; references. 402 Golden Gale aye.
YOUNG GIRL TO MIND CHILDREN. CALL
A after 9 o'clock at 1626 Vallejo st.
EFIN ED URSEGIRL FOR BABY; $10.
IX 705 Pierce st.
ANTED — GENERAL SERVANT. 3%
Larkin st, ; references.
ALESLADIEB OF MATURE AGE WANTED;
0 good salary. Call 10 to 12, 204 y a Leaven-
worth st. ■■•*»'■ . .•' . ■
IDDLE - AGED WOMAN TO CARE FOR
children and assist housework. 732 Twenty-
fifth st- . . - . .
ANTED— HAND FOR DRESSMAK-
ing at 1621 Va Mason st. :
ANTED — A YOUNG GIRL TO LEARN
millinery. Apply 527 Hayes st.
GOOD TAILORESS WANTED; ALSO AP-
prentice girl. 219% Tehama st. ■
IRb TO CARE FOR 2 GROWN CHILDREN;
T assist housework. 910 Sutterst. «;/. .
ANTED-2 GOOD WAITRESSES. CALL
MRS. A. STREET. 406 Pacific St. :
ALIJfiS TO iE ARN H AIRDRESSING, M ANl-
curing, beauty culture. ■. 131 Post st., room 20.
AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
Miss DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
T EARN THE DRESSMAKING TRADE THOR-
XJ oughly at MRS. R. L. JONES', 505 Fell sU
REE TREATMENT TO (MAG-
netically) Mondays and Fridays, 10 to 12; con-
sultation free. 1026 Market St., room 1. ..- ,
A PPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS , EVERY
A Tues. in dresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
PENSIONS— J.~H. SHEPARD CO., OLD RE-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th St., Oakland.
H AIRDRESsING. 26c AND 35a: MORNING
and eve classes; 10 lessons,sl 60. 1248 Mission.
pOAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street. . :
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: j $1 CO to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
1 KESSMAKINO, CUTTING AND FITTING
\J. taught; new styles: * perfect I fitting patterns
25c CD. MCDOWELL Academy, 318 Powell st.
SIWLK HJbTjLr ' WANTED.
O?TfARMErT FOK""oRCHARDsi YIN&
—\J yards and . ranches, $20 and $26 : 3 10 hay-
makers; boy fora ranch, $100 a year: choremau.
care of garden and milk a few cows, $20; sailor for
a gentlema 's yacht, $20; charcoal-burner, 10c a
sack; man to herd hogs, $15. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 lay st. '- r ; t . , . : .:
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT COOKS, $25,
$30. $40 and $60; 3 second cooks, 2 porters, 3
waiters, $16, $25, $30; Sdishwashers $20 and $15;
cook for a roadside house, $25: cook for 3 men,
ranch, $15; 2 waiter-boys, $15. MURRAY^' it
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
638 Clay st. - ■■■•.:•.--. * •■;:■:
£: RAILROAD TEAMSTERS, $1 60 A DAY.
O MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay sU
- '. -•. . ■•. - ----- ■---■ - - * -.-...- - ■
HE_P WANTED— Continued.
1 en *=*T fOR SAWMILLS. WOODS, ETC.,
lOU laborers, swampers, crosscut sawyers.log.
gers, fellers, blacksmith, engineer, machinist, car-
loaders, tallymen, etc.; half-fare paid by^ com-
pany; steady job year round : no experience re-
quired for laboring work; call early. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 ana
36 Clay st. ' ' '
5"MIKKB8; SEE BOSS HERE. MUKRAY&
O READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 ana
636 Clay st. .
kt\t\ MEN AND boys CAN OBTAIN work
500 JhTrRAY & HEAD Y'S, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay si. from
$15 to $95 per month and found ; call early.
■p.ASTRY-COUK, COUNT HOTEL, $40 AND
JT ;troner, Troy machine: washer ; ■country
launiry. $30 and found. MURK * V &HE A DY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
p. LABORERS CITY WORK, , $1 60 DAY.
0 HURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH FO* A CAMP. f $35 AND
-D found: blacksmith for a sawmill $30 and
found, MURRAY & HEADY. 634 and 636 Clay.
-|7NGrNEKR:S26~ANb FOUND.FOX A SAW-
■I- mill. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 6rf6Cl_r.
WHEELWRIGHT COUNT JJY SHOP ,S3S AND
TT found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. '__ ■ •
WANTED-5 MINERS, $3 A DAY, STEADY
'» place: experienced man to run self-binder,
$40 a month: also helper, $30; woodchopper, good
timber, $1 25 a cord; man for private ranch, $20
a month; 10 laborers for sawmill and woods, faro
half price, good long job, $21) a month and board :
also farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and dish-
washers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St. -
■\,f AN TO CLEAN HARNESS AND WASH
iVI wagons for a private stable. $50; must have
references. C. R. HANSEX <fc CO., 110 '-eary st.
MILKERS, $20; 3 MILKERS TO GO
north, $20, see boss here; 4 Swiss milKers,
$20, see boss here; milker, city, $25; man to milk
15 cows and make butter, $20. C. R. HANSEN
<fc CO., 110 Geary st.
TTEAD COOEfS6S, SECOND COOK $45, SAME
JL country hotel; baker for sawmill camp, $.5;
washer, $35; ironer. $30. for country laundry;
waiter for springs, *25. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st. : ' -
■1 A LABORERS NEAR CITY. $175 A DAY:
JLV/6 teamsters near city, $26 at a found; 20
farmers, different ranches near city, $20 and $.6
and board: 4 farmers, same ranch, $20; 10 red-
wood tiemakers. C. B. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
\\[ ANTED -WASHER FOR COUNTRY
1 1 laundry and ironer same place: woodchoppers;
2 farmers and wives: 2 miners, $30 and board;
farmers, $20 and $25; cooks, waiters and others.
Apply J. P. cROsETT <fc CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED-2 BREAD BAKERS FOR COUN-
'» try, $30 and $40 and found. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Bacram?nto st.
• > MINERS, MACHINE DRILL, $50 AND
— i board: 3 milkers same ranch, $20 and fare ad-
vanced; _ Canadians or Eastern men for chopping
and teaming, $25: teamster, city, $26; choreman
and mil*, city, $15: 6 sawmill and woodsmen,
$20 and board. K. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610
Cl ay st. '- :?i : '
ANT ED- A BOY OF 15 OR MORE YEARS
• » of ago, of good pnysique, health and habits,
competent for and desirous of steady work, a place
where one can learn a trade who has already had
considerable mechanical experience, especially In
the line of macninists' work; only such as can fill
the bill as above and can guarantee that they can
be permanently relied on need apply; such can
address the undersigned in their own hand only,
statin? kind and amount of mechanical experience
had, etc., and wages required. A. L. S., box 60,
Call Office.
WANTED— YOUNG MAN OX STOCK RANCH
if near this city married preferred: must have
some knowledge of stocK; state lowest wa ees ex-
pecied; steady job for right man. Address Ranch,
box 56, Call Office. ,
"PRACTICAL CUTTER AND TAILOR; NONE
X but experienced and good men need apply;
permanent position to right man. W.N. SVVASEY,
142 Eddy St.; apply after 12, noon.
rpAILOKS— CO AT OPERATORS, COAT PRESS-
-Lers and under-pressers- good salary; steady
work: under a new foreman. Columbian Woolen
Mills, 541 Market st.
pAMP COOK WANTED; WOULD LlKii TO
\J hi c again the young American who worked on
ocean steamers. Call room 35, floor 6, Mills build-
ing. ■
BOY WANTED FOR DRUGSTORE; MUST
have good school education. Address, E. C,
box 92, this office.
WANTED— A FIRST -CLASS DRY - GOODS
ii window-dresser: state age, experience, refer-
ences and salary expected. Address box 60, Call.
POLITE YOUNG MAN TO DRIVE BUTCHER-
JL wagon; must have a knowledge of the butcher
business X., box 121, Call Office.
■WANTED— DISHWASHER AT 1504 KEN-
ii tucky st. Potrero, Reidy's Hotel.
TV-ANTED— BOY ABOUT 15 FOR CANDY-
Ii store; German preferred. 230 Sixth st. . ■ \
WANTED - FIRST-CLASS MODELER IN
II day. GLADDING. McBEAN & CO. .
QTEADY, SOBER MAN to CLEAN SALOON
O and make beds. 858 Howard st,
IIAN FuR GROCERY AND BAR. GEARY
IVL and Leaven worth sts
OTRONG BOY FOR BLACKSMITHING.WITH
O experience on fire. 828 Harrison st.
QTRONG, ACTIVE BOY, NOT AFRAID OF
■O work, to learn baker's trade. 1837 Polk st.
\\T ANTED— GOOD COAT.UAKER TO WORK
ii br the week. 436 Sixth st. ,
AN TO TRAVEL; PROFITABLE BUSl-
ness; advance $50. FRASER, 809b Mission.
T/or.NG MAN FOR DINING-ROOM; «25 MO.:
i- wait at table. 104 Seventh st.
CHOEMAKER WANTED. 202 POWELL ST.
\\f ANTED— YOUNG MAN WITH SOME EX-
TT perience to tend cigar-stand. 3V. Larkin st.
\\T ANTJiD — GERMAN WAITER; «4 PER
'I week. 17 Washington st.
ANTED— STEADY .MAN TO ASSIST IN
ii store and make himself useful in cash busi-
ness: salary $75 per month; must have $150 cash.
See STRAND & CO., 917 Market st., room 2.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES. 40c:
done while you wait. I 638 Market, opi>. Palace
Hotel branch 767 Market.opp.Will & Finck's, S. F.
WANTED— BAD ACCOUNTS COLLECTED
ii at once; will buy them. Columbia, 128 4th st.
LOR SA-E'AT A BARGAIN. OWING TO
J? death In family, the cottage 33 Clinton park.
mo MERCHANT TAILORS— BEST VESTS
X made at reasonable prices. 935 Market, r. 14.
PASHIER WANT-D AT ONCE; SALARY
\J from $75 to $100 per month. U. S. Industrial
Agency, room 165, Crocker building; apply to-day.
XPERIKNCED CLOTH CHOPPER; ONE
\J wiio understands applying proof measures ; not
necessary to' understand measuring 541 Market.
AKTNKR WANTED— OF GOOD ADDRESS,
X with small capital: in nice business. Address
E. C, box 89, this office. '
fflj I -7\ FINE BUSINESS FOR SALE:
<jPJL*Jv/. trade; security; cheap. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. , -■ ■ ■:•
\\ r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
TT some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDhRBUKN & Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
VKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
— 'M and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50u;week$l to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
ESI PLACE in THE city for skcond-
hand shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. ■
LCliO HUUSK, 863 V 2 MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, _sc. to 50c. nlj;ht: $1 to $5 week.
TUST OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
v Pacific st., below Kearny: lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
W ANTED-.L.ABORERS AND MECHANICS
ii to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
INCHESTERHOUSK. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
■ Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60;
lialf-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
\ STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
>'\- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
ANTED- MEN .TO LEARN BARBER
'I trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
CLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
) acts adjusted. RATTO'B, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
BEST IN CITY— SING • E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $i. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house, Commercial and LeUJesdorff sts. ■
HOESIIOP FOR SALE. APPLY 2903 PINE
street. . .
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; HOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents. v : ; ■
OOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 60
J-X per week. Oriental, 225 Drummst.
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
I* ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Suiter
VV HAT CHEER HOUSE, 623 SACRAMENTO
ii St.; 200 ro«ms; best In the city, single rooms
20 and 25c a night, 9 1 a wi»ek : meals 10c. •■,
I 1 IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J I sts.; single furnished rang 75c week, 16c night.
"1 l\(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC. 15c
X\l\J and 20c a night, Including coffee and rolls.
£24 Washington st., near Kearny. ■■■■'-■
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
■i.i" Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character . and • temperate habits; able to , read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted this Important < branch of ■ the naval
service offers special inducements: Riving : op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on , board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting : Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal. ; •♦:•-: :.-..■;. ■•.:;:.. . : - : v" ■•■■■•:-''■:' :i~s
\\f E ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
'I your old shoes and make them as good as Dew
and with our new machines we can do your work
nt one-half the usual price; done while you ' wait
662 Mission St., between First and Second sts. ; :v--.
MKNTO FEED .MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
J-U all grocers keep It. ■ ■■ . -. • : / "■-■■ • ■
HELP : WANTED-Continued.
AKBJSKS^PKOTECTIvirtfNION^MPIioY^
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
L> ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF UAL. EMPLOY-
Ij menu Secy. P. C. Jlamann, 2E9Vfe O'Farrell.
I) AKBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL. SKC-
XJretarr Barbers' A bso., 325 Q rant aye. S. FUCH3.
3-CHATR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; GOOD
location. Apply this office.
OABBEB-SHOP: OLD STAND: FINK LOCA-
I > tion ; no opposition; trial; $135. E., box 19,
Call Office. . ■
I> ARBEB-SHOP, NO BENT. 15c, PAYING
X) well, for $150. STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
vtek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
IYI nearly new, 25c to $1 23. 662 Mission.
REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6o;
also a bott l tof lager. sc. at 637 Clay st.
rpKY ACME HOUSE., }>o7 .MARKET ST., BE-
-1 Itiw S'x'h. for n mmvi • "<■< r> n'-'h': $1 « wpplc.
AGENTS WANTED.
AN YOU SELL "a"" NEW HIGH-UB ■ ADE
specialty to people of intelligence and refine-
ment? If you can I want to see you; call after 10
a. m. or write. FRANK HALL, 300 Post st.
TpNKBGETIC MEN AND v\ OMKN FOB MEDI-
XJ cal company; new remedy; big profits. Ad-
dress J. C. box 55. Call.
MAKE $3 TO $10 A DAY SELLING LEATH-
er suspenders: others do; exclusive territory;
sample 50c. 1332 Sacramento st. »
BIGHT CANVASSER; MAY EARN $5
1 > daily. Inquire or write FROGGMAN CO.,
Central Pharmacy, southwest cor. Grant aye. and
Butter at.; 2 to 5 dally.
PARTNERS WANTED. _
pTART^E^r^OTE^r^USINT£ssT^IOOO*R&
X quired. OWNER. 1176 East Fourteenth St.,
Oakland. _^
\ ROOMS WANTED.
ANTED — 2 HOUSEKE^PIN^^R^JoMS;
respectable part of town; about $12: family
of 2. Address J. X., box 161. this office.
COUNTRY BOARD WANTED.
W~~ANT'ED^CoFNITR Y^^nß^O^GlßXrio
years old. during vacaiion; references re-
qnlred and given. R. A., 1302. West St., Oakland.
wanted— miscellaneous. .
ng^rX v 73BaW~wXi!t^d~7^^T~al^
■a experienced herder for game. Rancher, box
60, Call. ,o
HIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
ELL, YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrg to A. KLEIN. .109 Sixth at.: send po3taL
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LAJDIES^INSTAJ?T~RE-
Iief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the moat experienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, who restore mil cases at once by
an improved method, superior to others: ladies
will save time and money: be assured of honest
treatment by consulting the doctors before calling
elsewhere: patients who have been imposed upon
are specially invited; home In confinement; ad-
vice free. DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister
si., next Hibernia Bank
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
~\ LL CASKS ~OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
A stored in » few hours: safe ' and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home in confinement; regular graduate
physician: 30 rears' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
.and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post, St., near Larkln.
PSYCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CUKES
-1 paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and lung
troubles;, no charge unless cured. 8 Mason St.,
corner Market, room 11. .
D~~RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
specially; unexcelled in restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st.
R. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market st., near Sixth.
7 ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
JU ait* Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
"DECABD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty: also "Pine Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonongh building, Oakland. _^
RS. DR. WEOENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DlS-
ease see MBS. DR. PUETZ. 254y 2 Fourth st.
AT ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
IX all female diseases treated; expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny St., room 9."
T)RIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FU.NCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
URE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKK, 226 Turk St.
DR. HALL, 1.4 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
'Jones- Diseases of women and children.
A LPEAU'B FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
xV ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
ontil too late. OSUOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cat.
DENTISTS.
\J chance to catch on. Departure, box 81, Call.
IBST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
prices; first-class results; painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Sutter st., corner Powell.
I »R. DUCKETT, 1703 POeT ST., NEAR BU-
XJ , cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
R.L. T. CRANK— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm SI : extracting 50c, with gas $1.
| (jUrj A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
<lp I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
1 »R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
U near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whe<i
I plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gaß given.
"I/lULL *t£i OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X I five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TifiETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DB. H.
SET OF TKKTH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
(i. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si.
I \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
1 ' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge ■ work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
TJAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; IS vearj'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D-D.S., 815»4 Geary.
1 \R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-"
XJ work a specialty open evenings 7:30 to 9. \
001/ TON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. SOU MAR-
\J ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARK EIVCOR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
A LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAS-
A ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1123 Market st.
LOST.
L"~O^T^9^H^N3TTr^ETrni ; iF^E^NTH~XND
Xj Eighteenth sts., lady's gold watch and fob.
Return to St. Charles' School, Eighteenth and
Shotwell sts. ; reward. . . . '
BLACK AND WHITE NEW FOUNDLAND
bitch, name "Nellie." 713 Polk St.; reward.
OBT— SKYE TEKRIKR; ON SATURDAY.
J Rnward If returned to 1517 Howard.
ClJ^fV REWARD— GENTLEMAN'S DIAMOND
«Jp 1" ring, on Third st., bet. Mission and Mar-
ket. Return to FRANK JONES, 194 Stevenson.
FOUND.
T^mTNT>^MXK^^N~^ll^L^r^TTrOiW^
X can have same by proving property and paying
expenses. 3355 .Mission. - ..■■■■-
LEGAL NOTICES. ~~~
pul{SU V A^T~^ ; O~A~^EC^EE^F3 ; 6^FXLO^
X sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896, notice is hereby given that the property
hereunder described will be sold at public auction
at the Courthouse (Alllolani Hale) in Honolulu,
island of Oahu, H. 1., on Wednesday. August 26,
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. P. C. JONEs,
.'. Receiver of Lanal Ranch. '
This property is known as the Lauai Ranch, lo-
cated on the island- of Lanai, comprising 11,500
acres more or less In tee simple, and leases of 48,-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable or which do not expire until 1916;
the annual rentals are about $1800. .'
I This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses for all purposes, all in good re-
pair, with cisterns, wooished and. cress, and a
flock of 24,000 sheep, 550 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count. x .\ . -;
The lan is are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head/of cattle. As asheep run It is
the most valuable on the islands. The lands now
owned and controlled, by present owners virtually
control the entire Is and of Lanai. ..
There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs on the
island. .: v -
Steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week. . ,
A map showing all the lands controlled by. the
estate and a detailed schedule* of the property to
do sold can be seen and further particulars can be
had at the office of Messrs. Welch & Co., 220 Cali-
fornia st., San Francisco.
Terms of sale will De cash in United States gold
coin. -v '..■.• ■-. -v-.-s ■■■-:■_■ .--■-.. . ■ : . .... ■•.... ■..
Honolulu, May 15, 1896. - .
' ■'■■■> P. C. JONEs, Receiver.
_ . TYPEWRITERS.
-yOST, $30; CaTigß BE!fD FOR
X sample work. SCOTT & BAN AN, 333 Monty
BUSINESS CHANCES^ j
TO SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND I
quick for cash, see STRAND& CO., 917 Market, j
dJ7XA RESTAURANT: DOORS FROM
tip I O\J. MarKet st. handsomely fitted up and
clears from $75 to $100 a month: gr at bargain;
cheap at $1000; don't miss it. STRAND, & CO..
917 Market st. -■■'/■■ ■
fi(U\ RESTAURANT, WELL FITTED UP;
UTUUI/. clears $176 a month; 2 living-rooms;
great bargain. STRAND & CO., 9 17 Market st.
(jjQp.n DRY - GOODS STORE; OFEER
jjpuQyJ. wanted. STRAND „ CO. 917 Market.
ffIJOOX COFFEE-SALOON; 2 FURNISHED
t_)O__tJ. rooms; clears $75 a month: good place
for man and wife. STRAND &/JO , 917 Market St.
<2>_>AfV SALOON: FINE PLACE ON MAR-
<_SOVJv/. ket St.; full value: pays well; great
bargain; cheap. STRAND <fc CO., 917 Market su
fflJinA ROAD HOUSE NEAR .CITY; 14
tID ivU. rooms: dining-room; fine bar; using 8
barrels beer weekly : plenty of ground : pigs; ducks;
chickens; etc. JOHNSTON, _6V_ Kearny st. , ■ -.
piGAR-STORE: ON PRINCIPAL STREET;
\J one of the best in this city; cheap; rent mod-
erate. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
ffljMnn CORNER BAR, WITH 8 ELEGANT-
O\J\J. ly furnished rooms, all rented ; best lo-
cation; lease; rent $65; sacrifice on account of
sickness. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
IKdnnn corner sample- room in
«IP"±UUU. choicest location: low rent: large
patronage; average daily sales $50; no triflers
need apply. WILKE <fe WOLF, 531 California.
ffljQCfl SAMPLE ROOM, ESTABLISHED
uO\J. years, with first-class patronage: choic-
est location: owner keeping two places; make an
Offer. WILKE <ft WOLF, 631 California st.
d £AA CORNER SALOON IN VERY
tin IUUU, best location, with large patronage;
must be sacrificed, as owner bought hotel.
WILKE <fc WOLF, 631 California. '
<s_Qnn RESTAURANT, DOING LARGE
«_SOUU. bus ness, good prices; V_ Interest or
whole. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California St.
<S±Rf\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR, 1
«JSUUU. block from Market St., near Wells-Fargo
office, doing large trade; death calls owner East;
rare chance. WILKE & WOLF. 531 California.
q_')^n CIGAR STORE ON SUTTER ST.;
«lp_-.«JU. daily sales $10: owner sick with rheu-
matism. WILKE _ WOLF, 531 California st.
ajT-rnn. FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STAND on
tJP«JUU. principal thoroughfare: large stock;
good trade: owner has other business; investigate
at once: rare bargain. HICKOK 4 CO., 873%
Market st. ' ________
<Bi'}fin,O. FIRST-CLASS GROCERY: NO
»4P__UUU. bar; located on one of the busiest
streets; horse and wagon; large cash trade; bar-
gain. HICKOK & CO., 8731/2 Market St.
d_Onn RESTAURANT: WELL LOCATED;
*ip O\J\J. doing good business: seating capacity,
62; owner leaving the city; this will bear investi-
gation. HIC KOK & CO., 873 V Market st.
ffi.Qnrv BAKr.xtY AND CONFECTIONERY
fjffV\J\J. store; large stock; doing good cash busi-
ness; Investigate this. HICKOK _ CO, 873%
Market st. ■
Q»A p.A SACRIFICE; COFFEE AND CHOP
<iP'_Ol/. house; clearing $100 a month; present
owner, 4 years, has other business. HICKOK &
CO.. 8731/2 Market st.
(2* p. / v FIRST-CLASS MILLINERY STORE;
iJptttJ"'. north of Market; vicinity of Baldwin:
large and very fine patronage; Al stock; living-
rooms: offer merits attention. - M. LESS & CO.,
783% Market st.
<l_9nn SALOON; TERMINUS 3 BIG CABLE
t_)__UU. lines; value In sight; fine trade; gen-
uine bargain; other business. M. LESS & CO.,
783% Market st.
<n.irrr PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON
OX I _). north of Market, near Kearny; owner
there 6 years. M. LESS & CO., 783% Market st.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY A BUSINESS PLACE
X of any kind, or lodging-house, see T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
POT LASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandise. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
QOn RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
i®U\J\J. lor taking in $35 a day; line locality;
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain ; see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<n» 1 E.r\r\ BEER BOTTLING WORKS; 3
«JDI«JV/U. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses. $150 month: investigate
this rare chance; the place will stand the fullest
investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
dj-nnnA partner-, ONE OF THE best
*Ir--.V/UU. paying newspapers in lively northern
town ; presses and type all of the latest; all county
printing: object for selling need the services 01 en-
ergetic man. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
XT AYE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY BUSI-
XX ness places. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<n»l/\AA PARTNER IN FINE BUSINESS;
(JpIUUU, no Sunday or evening work: the
place is already established and doing well: fullest
investigation; reference; experience not required.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
m»QAA STORE, CARRYING KITCHEN
tlpOv/V. furnishings, agateware, etc.. also no-
tions, stationery and confectionery: full value In
stock: location and trade good. KENNY <& CO.,
765 Market st. - •
f'XA RESTAURANT ; EXCELLENT LO"
• )Uv. cation: part cash, balance monthly
payments; trial given; good ci ance for man and
wife. KENNY _ CO., 765 Market st. \ :
©1 ft /IAA ROAD HOUSE, ACROSS THE
«J)XVj.V'Uv/. bay, near railroad . depot ; hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds; finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round;
this offer never equaled; means a fortune in a few
year*: owner owns the r rope satisfy yourself.
STENBERG „ CO., 632 Market st.
<B_l i\l\(\ RESI AURANT, OYSTEK-HOUSE,
iJpIOUU. handsome private rooms: three en-
trances: old-established trade: chance rareiy of-
fered in lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large
income certain. STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market.
ffltOnr RESTUARANT AND COFFEE SA-
•_)—"-•*>• loon near City Hall: neat attractive
place doing Al business: large number regular
boarders: bargain. STENBERG COMPANY,
63- Market at.
m.jrr\ restaurant, nexvly fitted,
ripiUU. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel-
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy.
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market St.
mjr*- A CORNER GROCERY. BAR: WEST-
«J)Dt)U. em Addition: well established: rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: good place for
man and wife. STE NBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
TICE— HAVING BUYERS WILLING TO
i.* invest In some legitimate business parties de-
siring to sell apply to HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
OAA PARTNER IN MANUFACTURING
—UU. and new and second-hand furnlture-
stor<>; fine chance for steady man to be connected
with first-class man. iiEALY, 23 Kearny st.
<J_'jnn RESTAURANT AND COFFEE-
«In__.UU. house; clearing $75 per month; trial
given: sickness cause of selling. HEALY. 23
Kearny st.
mjQOjr RELIABLE PARTNER IN SURE
•JpO __<_>• business: references given. HEG-
ARTY, 1004 Market st.
(I_.or A FANCY-GOODS STORE AND GOOD
tjJjOUU. laundry office. HEGaRTY, 1004 Mkt.
COO, SALOON AND R E STAU R AN T
»JpOUU. downtown; receipts $40 to $60 daily.
HEGARTY, 1004 Market st. '
OTk/ l^A. BARGAIN: CORNER GROCERY
«U>ti»JV-'. and bar; Western Addition: big bar
trade ; 4 living-rooms. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market st. ' .
flTjrrrrk WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
O I O\' and notion business; clearing over $100
month;, building Included: ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
d_ A A SALOON; 9 FURNISHED ROOMS;
<fl)-__UU. worth $1200. DECKER, 1020 Markeu
FOR SALE— WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
commission business, clearing from 8150 to
$200 per month; will bear investigation. Apply
STANLEY, 21 % Third St.
pROCER. -STORE, WITH GOOD ASSORTED
vJ stock, doing large family trade; this is a fine
opportunity to get a good-paying business. Par-
ticulars of J. B. Mill AN, 509 Kearuy st.
RARE CHANCE— GROCERY AND
bar; 3 living-room* and kitchen: yard; rent
$15: call at once: worth double the money. • Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
WANTED— TO TRADE HORSE AND BUGGY,
1 '» town lots and bakery outfit for restaurant or
j lodging-house. ; Columbia, 128 Fourth st,
I IT YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR EX-
I JL change real estate or personal property of any
I kind call or send full particulars to W. H. Mac-
I GILLIVRAY & CO., 1028 Market St., S. F. ; we
I will gaurantee to sell in 30 days.
<B.^On DAIRY PRODUCE AND GROCERY,
:«JP«JUU. laundry office and tamale parlor, on
busy street, near Clarke- : must be sold at once; a
qargaln. . 1510 Howard st.
i <3l9^nn BUTCHER BUSINESS: FINEST
I is)JjO\J\J. fitted market in th city, no excep-
! tion; good cash and outside trade; horses, wagons:
investigation invited. 530 Hayes st.
«•£>?;/> SALOON IN GOOD LIVE TOWN IN
<$OO\>. Contra Cos;a County; fine trade: rent
I for dwelling and saloon very cheap. • Particulars
' at saloon, 129 O'Farrell st.
I LOR SALE-SALOON ; AT A SACRIfIi.'E ;
j I w 11 furnished: excellent- location; good trade-
this is a bargain. ; 765 Market st. V
©1 P.A IF SOLI) TO-DAY; GROCERY AND
tjPJ.-'V/. saloon: cheap rent. SE. cor. Vaileio
I and Leavenworth sts. ' ■ " C
9^o COMPLETE STOCK OF POULTRY
_-c»U. ranc.near local train, Oakland: 400
I thoroughbred fowls: low rent. 34 Donoiioe b'ld'g.
T?OR SALE-PORK AND DELICACY SIVRE
■*- with fixtures, $75. ;. 1430 Howard.
AZAAR-Es-PECIALLY SUITED FOR MAN
and wife. .Apply evenings, 1708 Devisadero.
HALF -.INTEREST." IN. RESTAURANT; AC-
count of sickness. 642 Sacramento st.
TTIINE TEAM; ALSO HOUSE: HEAVY
J- express; bakery wagon. 1620 Mission st.
©OHM CASH: PARTNER IN PAYING 25c
<g)_-V>lJ restaurant. Apply Call Office.
I ALOON FOR SALE -$450: WELL STOCKED;
I O good location; good reason for selling: no
agents. Address box 148, this office. ...
T7«OR SALE— AN OLD AND . WELL-ESTAB-
-I llshed -French laundry; mostly all transient
trade; a eood horse and wagon: price $600; no
trlfllag. Address T. T., box 30, Call Office.
ARTINEZ HOTEL —TO ; RENT, UNFUR-
nlshed: terms reasonable; 56 rooms; in good
I order. D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL. :
BUSINESS : CHANCKS— Contlrmea.
<_T7n FINE CORNER SALOON: FIRST-
«_»I IV. class fixtures: best location: risrht In
the manufacturing district cheap rent: 4 livlna-
rooms: a bargain. GEO. STEWART. -Market.
at^-A FINE GROCERY AND bar-, situ-
©OOU. atedonfine corner in Western Addi-
tion : carries nice stock -. good bar trade ; 4 1 1 vi e-
rooms; cheap rent; a bargain. GEO. SltwAKi,
602 Market st. __________
"_'Qf;n CIGAR-STORE, FINELY FITTED
.TbOOU. up; large stock; situated on good cor-
ner at prominent transfer point; owner sick;
must sell ; stock will invoice price asked. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market St. ,
\\'r ANTED-PARTY WITH $2000 to $3000
W to'purchase a one-third or one-half interest m
an enterprise that will pay at. lease $5000 per year.
Only small sum need be paid down, balance can ba
placed in bank as working capital. The Present
owner is a professional man, and cannot aevote to
it the necessary time. To an honest, reliable man
he is willing to give entire charge aud manage-
ment. Positively no risk, as business Is assured.
About 800 acres of land are included in the propo-
sition, only those meaning strict business need
appiv. If you want a good thing, investigate this.
M., box 92, Call OlHce. - , '
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME-! WANT A NO.
\J 1 single man, with a good recorJ, able to do
hard work in the country; must engage for one
year and have $300; salary $50 a month and
board- profits on investment will amount to $1000
a year • xtra: particulars at personal interview.
Address W.. box 121, Call Office.
T7>OR SALE— WELL-KNOWN DYEING AND
-T cleaning establishment: good reasons for sell-
Ing. Por particulars apply at Call Branch Office,
619 Valencia st. .
IP OR SA-E- BRANCH BAKERY, DELI-
X cades and lunchroom; doing good business.
2708 Twenty-fourth st., ur. Potrero aye. : no agents.
<_I£fl A WELL-ESTABLISHED BUSI-
»JPJLOv/. ness, paying a net cash income of $15
weekly, which can be proven to buyers' entire satis-
faction, no agents. Address C. 8., box 84, Call.
ELL-ESTABLISHED BAKERY, BTATION-
ery, variety and news stand. 1010 Buchanan.
ffljOAA CIGAR-STORE WITH LIVING-
<JP_^\'U. rooms; on account of sickness. 1127
Mission st. ____________
GUI CAA FOR SALE— FIRST-CLASS SA^
<H)X_)UU. loon, on best business block in the
city: a good paying and well-established business;
every opportunity to investigate ; only responsible
principals. Address A. Z.. box 96, Call Office.
rriO LET— COUNTRY HOTEL AND BAR; UN-
JL furnished; newly renovated. Address C. H.,
box 122, Call Office.
OB SALE— RESTAURANT; 48 CHAIRS;
cheap. 917 Mission st. ' '
A LOON FIXTURES: FINE OUTFITS;
great bargain. Apply to I. GOUDSMIT. 818
Geary st., picture-frame store, from 3 to 8 p. m.
-.r- PARTNER WANTED BY LADY JN
rjp 10. good pioposition. 11 lay lor St.. room 1
'<_ 1 f\f_ EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
«_sX_)v/. stand; clears $80 per month: sold on
account of sickness Apply clear-store. 205 Larkln.
OOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER,
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63a Market, room 2.
tiUrrr BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION
«JD 10. store. Inquire 1024 Leavenworth st.
SALOON; LONG LEASE; LOW KENT. APPLY
O at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
AKERY. CANDY, STATIONERY AND FUR-
niture. account of death; cheap. Apply at Call.
OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR AT
a bargain. Apply California Brewery, Douglass
and Diamond sts. ■
ASH GROCERY AND BAR; DOING GOOD
business; fine stock and fixtures: no reason-
able offer refused. Apply Call Office.
(Jirnnn CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS for
«Jp«jUUU. sale: well established: complete
manufacturing plant: stock, etc.; principals only.
Apply F. I. OASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5, 325
Montgomery st. ________
/I ROCERY-STORE; 8 BOOMb! HXi UKES;
\X some stock; to let. 2.01 Fifteenth st.
GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT; FINE LO-
cation; nicely fitted up; living rooms; rent
$17; good reason for selling. 3279 Mission st.
\jV rCHEK-SUOP FOR RENT; NO. 1 FlX-
iAtures; low rent. Apply UMBSEN <fc CO., .14
Montgomery st.
OR SALE — HORSE, HARNESS, BUGGY,
X 1 bicycle, 1 electric fan: for sale, trade or- se-
curlt> : a bargain*. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
T7SLOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEAN,
X and in good order; always plenty on band. J. 8.,
322 Pacific sU, basement.
VINE CORNER SALOON; GOOD LOCATION;
-T owner going in other business. Apply
SAMUEL BROTHER, 132 First sU
BEST-PAYING RESTAURANT IN THE
city; cash receipts $45 a day; for sale: security
taken or will trade for some other business; a
snap. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
HOLE BAKERY OUTFIT: MOVABLE
oven: for sale, trade, security. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
T/i OR SALE — WELL-ESTABLISHED MIL-
I? linery and dressmaking business; on account
of 111-health, at a sacrifice. Address M. M., box 30,
Call Office.
E-TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE: FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value la
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or" address 3321 Mission.
T/OK -ALE— SALOON DOING GOOD BUSI-
-T ness: cause for selling sickness. Address T. It.
GOULD, box 8, Petalumu.
OR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS: 2 SINGLE
S- wagons. stand corner Sansome ana Sutter, J.
C. FREDERICKS, owner. . $
I IENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
yj lady of means, $100 capital. 12 Mason St., rm. 2
OARDING-HOUBE; 16 " ROOMS: CHEAP
rent: good opportunity; $500. New Hansa
Hotel, 320 Drumm st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH_
Jt\. >'EEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES IOK SALE.
TO~B? r Y~OR~S_LL A LODGING-HOUSE
quick for cash see STRAND & CO., 917 Market.
CJj-I HZ LODGING OF 16 ROOMS, WITII
(pi I O. housekeeping apartments; well located,
and with good business, HICKOK <fc CO., 873%
Market st.
1 -ROOM HOUSE ON MISSION; BARGAIN;
±1 must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
1 C-ROOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN;
li) must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
0,4 -ROOM CORNER HOUSE, $650; WORTH
£~t $2500; must be sold. DEIKEK, 10_0 Market.
QQ ROOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL: ONLY $1200,
OD worth $2000. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 A ROOMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR-
-11/ nished; $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODQ-
-1 ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<3_ I 'Tjn 60-ROOM HOTEL. NEAR U.N ION
tjpl_)vU. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT — SKfFF, 921 Market.
90 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $600;
-SO low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth st. ' : : -'
AO ROOM:-, BEST-PAYING HOUSE, CHEAP;
trO easy terms. 115 Second st.
T>OARDING-HOUSE: 16 ROOMS; CHEAP
X> rent: good opportunity: $500. New Hansa
Hotel, 320 Drumm st.
MUST SELL; 15 WELL-FURNISHF.n ROOMS
see this and make offer. 641 Sacramento.
FUKJiITUKK FOR SALE.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
IIRE SALE~f ————__—
11 IKE SALE 1 till xoods are completely dtj.
Prices stand Oil good* are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets , „ ■_<* 51
Bed lounges , 8 08
Stoves ._ 7 5Ui
Carpets, peryard _ 55
Linoleum, per yard...... 55
Matting, peryard » 13
' Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busmen
a; SE. corner Seventh and Mission sis. J.
NOON AN. _
Al\l\ CAKPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14;
fVJVJ stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: folding- bed i,
$10; bed- oongpji. $7. T. P. MiVAli'lllY 11..'4i)i.
FURNJTI'KK "WANTED.
QD-HAND i FURNTruIR^r F^R~^OUNT^?7
& good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
MA LONE PAY'S -0 PER EN C MOBS
than elsewhere for furniture to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOB FURNI-
-1 tnre and merchandise see BUMD, 211 Larkln,
iiKFORK SELLING YoUR FURNITURE!
XJ send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest prica.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
• carpets, piano. 11::"' Market: !••:. Jessie 761.
CAKFET CLEANING. ™"
G "Treat western ca rpkt ukatino
vJT works: latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
JONES CO. CAKPr. I - CLEANING AND
•renovating works. Main office 35 and -it Bti_.
/CARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD; LAID 3d
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STR.ATTON, 19 Eighth st,
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDI NO'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
JM ON KLIN 'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 33J
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPET C LEARNING, RENO
\J Ung. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
V.' like new. FERGUSON * CO.. 23 Tenth: tat.
Bouth 36. p. mackintosh 4 C0., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 2411
O . 14th at. ; cleaning 3c a yard. ■ Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND KEN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south '__;_
"- -:■ ; FHYslt I ANS. ~
13 EMO V E^^R?ir^r"6 r DO^7rETL~T7rT2O9
XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 years"
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment:
the wont cases treated satisfactorily by mall.. HOUSES TO LET.
■V-EW HOUSE; *" ROOMsT~SI6V LARGE
___ya___ 35 Dorland st.
] j OU . SK 9 ROOMS. BATH: GARDEN; GOOD
■LJ- order; rent reasonable. 1427 Post, near Gough.
41ttl iY u DE r~ HOtJSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
JJ VJ bath. Inquire at 418.
H°. UHK OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina t,t.
CQll MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
<t " JU ' ment;lareyard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
TTOUSE-A MCE HOUSE AND OTHERS
XX to rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery St.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR SALE: FLAT: 6 ROOMS; FURNISHED;
—. rent reasonable: no dealers. 44 Third st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
"VKARLY NEW <'o 1 PAGE BROOMS; BATH;
-*-' pantry; laundry; large stable. 828 Hampshire.
"I 1 A") HOWARD-2 FRONT SUNNY fur-
■*- - 1 +• nisbed housekeeping rooms; bath; range;
rent $12 50.
5 -ROOM. COTTAGE; RENT $20. 619 MINNA
Street. ____
Q»99 TO LET— FURNISHED sunny FIVE-
'- — — • room cottage, bath; al-o modern 6-room
flat, $17. 3748 Army St., near Dolores.
VICK COTTAGE: GARDEN; BARN: RKA-
— ' sonabie; modern improvements. 3528 Sacja-
mento st.
OTTAGK OF 8 HO (MS; BATH; GARDEN;
yard. 3824 Mission st.
7 X WILLOW AYE— COTTAGE OF S ROOMS;
100 rent $9. Apply 600 Prove st.
. .. C ...... BURNISHED FLATS.
1 4.1 ft OL V— SUNN V F ;7aT~^F~4 TIOOMs]
J-^rlU marine view; rent reasonable.
SUNNY CORNER FLAT BIX BOOMS, FUR-
nished; piano; $30. Call afternoons 800 a
W ebster.
IMN'ELY FURNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
1 bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, ferries. Presidio and
City Hall: rent reasonable: water free. Address
H. C. J. box 36, Call (i Hire.
FLATS TO LET.
COTrAOE OlF~i iToOMS; GOOD
tip i «JV". order: water free. Apply on premises,
945 Bryant su, near bighih, or 14 Montgomery st.,
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.
"1 094 WEBSTER ST.— NICK LOWER FLAT
X O-.1 of 6 rooms and bath: $15. '
TVTEW SUNNY MODERN 4-ROOM FLAT. 4
— ' Tremont aye.. near Waller, Go den Gate Park.
CO 9 CLEAR BU N N Y COTTAGE. 643
<IPX— J. Minna St., between Seventh and Eighth.
Ql O UPPER WINDOW FLAT: 4
«IPIO. rooms. 14y 2 Moss st., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth, near Howard
1 &07 STEINER. NEAR SUITER— LOWER
1O" I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
I?LAT— A NICK ; •' I ,AT AND OTHERS TO
! rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Montr
gomery st.
Qj I 1 FOUR, NICK ROOM. S; 615 THIR- {
0 * 1 . teenth St., bet. Guerrero and Market.
OW.-R FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST., |
■I 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large 1
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water free.
LKGANT NKW FLATS, SEVENTH ST.. BE-
J— low Jiryant. 5 and 6 room 3. bath: $8 to $16.
- SUNNY ROOMS: BATH. 2219 FIFTEENTH
0 St.; rent $14; block from Castro-streetcars.
[DDLS FLAT: 5 BOOHS BATH; REA-
sonabie. 3439 Sixteenth St.. near Chez.
UNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st.
"I UST APPROACHING COMPLETION. '
Five choice modern fiats on corner of Twenty-
fifth and Folsom sis.; all sizes, inquire on prem-
ises.
"V^ICELY FURNISHED FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
i- > and bath: piano: reasonable. 120 McAllister.
1 nf A MINNA, NEAR ELEVENTH; 4 SUN-
- 1" '1 "i iiv rooms: yard; water free; rent $13 50.
if LAT: 4 ROOMS; MODERN. 118 ASH AVE7 j
' off McAllister, above Polk.
L A UT, 4 NICE ROOMS: BATH. 527 GOLDEN
X Gate aye.
~U J . A 1S TO LET: PROPERTY FOR SALE:
X all over town. PATTERSON <fc C.J., 2 Va-
lencia st.
j7V7Q TWENTY- THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
t:V I i) Castro cars: lovely sunny upper flat of 5 I
rooms: modern improvements; rent only $16; I
water free.
1 AO(\ MCALLISTER- MODERN FLAT OF 6
ill)' 1 rooms and bath, $27 50. UMBSEN, 14
Montgomery st.
~\~TvKr.K s NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-\ WF.EKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
HI) US-i-O^PINCI RUO3IS.
Calilornia Street.
9?:Q1 CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
<-(JOl nished rooms, bath, for housekeeping.
.kills s:ee..
£QQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— FURNISHED
\JOO bay-window alcove: gas stove; bath.
Ijfkft ELLIS— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS; NKW-
I \J\J Iy papered and painted; complete for house-
keeping
Fourth -treet.
01 Q FOURTH — NICELY FURNISHED ,
OJLO ho isekeeping rooms, $3 aua $10 a month; I
single or suite. ■ 1
Folsom Street.
Q(\O FOLSOM— LARGE, SUNNY, FURNISH-
OUO ed bedroom, connec ing with kitchen;
.yard: complete: housekeeping.
l>eary St. ccc.
r "I Q GEARY— SUNNY SUITE OF PARLORS;
010 other sunny rooms; light housekeeping.
dough Street.
t)-\ c GOUGH-3 LARGE SUNNY HOUSE-
Zli) keeping rooms: elegantly furnished; $18.
Hermann Street.
Or HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
*-O rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
m' HOWARD — 2 ROOMS FURNISHED !
OLl*j complete for housekeeping or single; rea-
sonable. :
Hyde Street.
91 A HYDE-2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
_lv complete for housekeeping.
Jessie Street.
Q7Q JESSIE — TWO HOUSEKEEPING
DID rooms, newly furnished, $8.
JKearny Street.
5 OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE-
keeping. Kearny St., near Suiter. Gas or
water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
McAllister Street.
GAfi McAllister" corner octavia—
OUU Nicely furnished sunny rooms with or
- without housekeeping. .
3lissio___reet.
091 lON -BUN NY HOUSEKEEPING
O— I iX rooms, •5. '
OR CLEAN, CHEAP ROOMS GO TO 1055
Mission St.; housekeeping and others.
New Montgomery Street. *
-I AT NEW MONTGOMERY ST.— CHANGED
J UO hands: furnished housekeeping and single
rooms: cheap. . -
Natoma Street.
r-OA NATOMA ST.— LARGE NICE SUNNY
I A\) room, with use of kitchen.
QQQ MISS ON— FRONT SUNNY ROOMS: S7
000 up; housekeeping If desired; also single, $5.
* — — .sin tli Street.
OA NINTH, NR. MARKET— FRONT SUITS,
Zu housekeeping, stove, gas, water; single.
Norfolk Street.
pro NORFOLK. BET. ELEVENTH AND
OZ Twelfth, Folsom and Harrison— Sunny cot-
tage of 2 rooms; furnished for housekeeping;
washroom and large yard; $10. Apply upstairs.
Oak Street.
Gt " HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS FOR RE-
rJpO. spectab!e working women; private day
home for children. 48 Oak st.
- Octavia Street.
1 ,4 nn OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— FRESHLY
l'lUO furnished bay-windows and others; $7.
i o:k Street.
nil FOLK-2 OR 3 SUNNY' FURNISHED
Oil rooms; exclusive kitchen: gas stove.
Seventh Street.
100 PKVKNTH-SUNNY FURNISHED
JIOD housekeeping rooms, single or en suite; $7
a month up. ■
■nth S reel.
iQi SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
lZil. cozy housekeeping rooms and others.
~i OA SIX! H- 'i NEATLY FURNISHED
*±L\j rooms; water; complete for housekeeping;
no children; $11.
hotwell Street.
OQI UNFURNISHED LARGE
_.«3 1 bay-window front and back parlors with
small private family. -
~~ lurk ■'•treet.
lICTURK-Ei FURNISHED
KID suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Union Street.
m UNION-VERY LARGE FRONT ROOM
and kitchen; all conveniences; private
bouse; ?10.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Webster Street.
m WEBSTER— OR 3 LARGE BOOMS
furnished for housekeeping; gas; bath.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH-2OR 3 NICELY
furnished rooms for housekeeping: cheap. j
ROOMS TO LET.
Rush .Street.
1 1 07 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
X. 1U I rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
• tidy Ktieet.
JEDDY, NR. LARKIN-SUNNY FRONT
Ul*±room; gas, bath, closets; iiewiy furnished;
*8. .
71 Q EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
I LV room; also single; $5 mouth; gas.
1 . tilth ;treei.
1 Al F.IGHTH-NEATLY FURNISHED BOW-
JL V 3 window front room.
HKRMAS APA~KIMK:>T HOUftE, 28 BTH
O St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
£.iiig Street.
THE RAMONA, ISO ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
X HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot A cold water.
DOSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
ii at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open ail night.
000 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
• J_-_J CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house; 60 elegantly
furnished rooms.
Fifth Street.
1 AH FIFTH - NICE CLEAN SUNNY FUR-
X\JU nished rooms; s.ll conveniences; cheap.
Fulton Street.
1 F;QC FULTON, NKARTHE PARK-NICELY
JLOt/O furnished sunny front rooms, single or en
suite.
Utrarv street.
orvi GEARY' — NICELY FURNISHED BAY-
CUJL window rooms: private; central; new cor-
ner Hat.
0-1 71 GEABY-LABGE SUNNY FURNISHED
_i± I 3 or unfurnished rooms: key at 217.
THE MARTINET HAS changed hands;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms:
$10 j.er month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van
Ness aye.
Grove Street.
1 n GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM;
1 D rent $8.
QOO GRuVE— NEWLY FURNISHED FRiNT
_— — bay-window room for lor a gentlemen;
also single room.
Hermann Street.
O' HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 3
_•«-) rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen: gas and bath. '
Howard Stree;.
-I QAQI HOWARD — ELEGANT LARGE
JL_^' >O'3 room: $7; 1 or 2 gentlemen; new flat.
1 <)'-. i HO\VARD-L\RGK SUNNY BAY-
I~O~i window room: suitable for man and wife
or 2 gents; every convenience: cheap.
Howard Court,
2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS FOR 1 OR 2
— • gentlemen. 5 Howard court, off Howard, near
Fourth.
oonest >.roei.
nr JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
• alcove room ; private. ...r-
-()(\ r 7 •'' Ks "" TH_ V A - V WINKLK: NKVV
—.V 1 management: elegant sunny suites and
Eingie; newly furnished; bath, etc.: SIO to *St).
• -turiiy Mi-ut)..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
J\. ant tunny rooms, en suite and single; — rsidau
in tvery respect : terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
Qf\A LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY ROOM
Olio: neatly furnished; housekeeping if desired:
$7
lHll'T ELEGANTLY' FURNISH-
JL U" ' I ed sunny suites; also single rooms; every
convenience.
Lewis Street.
1 Q LEWIS ST., OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3
JLO rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
;>.aik.. tfu .
■\7OSEMITR HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
1 night, 35c to $1; week. $1 60 to $5: families.
1 1111 a "trees.
OQ~7 MINNA, cor. ElGHTH— newly FUR-
DO I nished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
Post Street.
£»Q-| POST— NICE FURNISHED ROOM; SIN.
UOl gle: gas, water and bath: $5 month. - : .
— ~i '■' Rose Avenue.
41 ROSE AYE., OFF MARKET. NEAR
j2 Haight— U nice sunny rooms: reasonable.
M— ihS-ree..
<»97 SIXTH— 3 SUNNY' FRONT ROOMS;
— «■ — • suitable for doctor or dentist; $26.
utter •<■(•.
rrvo SITTER. COR. TAYLOR (THE SAN
I vO Remi) — Newly furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single; references.
Taylor Street.
"I fVO TAYLOR — SINGLE ROOMS; SINGLE
XU— i and en . suite, cheap; also established doc-
tors' offices.
'?O1 TAYLOR-SUNNY CORNER SUITE;
-""1 suitable for doctor's office or dressmaking.
lurk Street.
C A A NICELY' FURNISHED SUNNY
vj -t front rooms en suite or separate; moderate.
William Street.
m WILLIAM, NEAR POST. BET. TAYLOR
and Jones— Nicely furnished front room,
Independent, $8 per month: private family.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
Q / 1 v^^~^^ :^A^r^EL_^ANT~R^io3lS > ,
O"U with board; pleasant home for youner men.
790 SUTTER (IMPERIAL HOTEL)-SUNNY
I —O suites; single rooms: excellent table board.
OUGH, NR. PINE— NICKLY FURNISHED
large sunny room suitable for two gentlemen
or married couple board optional; private family.
Address Reasonable, box 113, Call Office.
71 9 POST— NEATLY FURNISHED SUNNY
J J. _. rooms: good table board: $20 up.
OTKL BERTLING, 714 iiUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
t-r'i forivenlenrp< ■
CHILDREN IiOARDKD.
T NFA NT OR CH ILDTO BOARdT tiOOJOCARI?;
X reasonable. 625 a atoms st. '
STORES TO LET.
Ll^G^^TOßTTwiTllT^OOan
_jl_j suitable for any retail business; low rent.
Apply St. Nicholas Hotel, 'Jl4 FiMt St.
T/iINE CORNER STORK; GOOD LOCATION
JC for grocery or drugstore; cheap rent- Corner
McAllister and Broderlcic sts.
rPO LKT— I22 GEARY ST., A FINE BASE-
A ment: central.
A LOON— FINE SALOON TO LET CORNER
of Bryant and Gilbert streets; fixtures for sale;
cheap; rent $20.
ALF OF STORE; 7 KEARNY ST.; NOW
occupied by P. sentmeri: will be vacant July
4. Apply J. A. SCHMIDT, 42!) Ellis St.
_1 a FOURTH— STORE WITH ROOM
_:1-V> in rear; suitable for any retail business; low
rent. Apply to G. H. UMBrsKN A CO.. 14Montg'y.
OFFICES TO LET. ™~
IJTa BIT^E^KNY^ST^rTPitON^ROOan
tip 11/. ASHTON it GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st. :
O CLUBS— TWO UPPER FLOORS BUILD-
Int: 128 O'Farre:l street, near Alcazar Theater;
rent $30. ASHTON A GARDINFR, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
QPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and Janitor service free. Apply at building
on;. H. I .MIiSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOTEL, TO L ASK. .
TTOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
XX new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms; also around floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, y% block N. of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVKRBERG, 320
Sunsome st., room 39.
HOTEL TO LET. . -
TO LET— THE W. TELL HOUSE, 317-319
Bush st.: this well-known hotel is thoroughly
renovated, considerably Improved: compares wltn
best 2d-class hotel in town. MADISdN&BURKE
—_—___ - _
TO LEASE.
BA^R^^l^^r^XE^sTc^oiir^Eß^^F
years, 1100 acres near Mies, Alameda County,
Cal.; tine grazing and part for farming. Inquire
of 8. BALZ. Centervllle. Alamedu Connty.
ATTORNEYS- AT-L AW.
DvTc^^B^E^DlvTißT^E^Cw^r^'^'lEcT^
_— . alty; private; so charge unless successful; all
Jaw suits, claims, collections, will deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, b5O Market.
LE. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
J. B. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California st.
J. MURRAY, ATT* V AND COUNSELOR AT
. law; advice free. 24 Sixth at., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNKY-AT-LAW, 420 '
• California st. rooms 14 end 16; Advice ire* 1 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
~~™^. PERSONALS.
MAMIE R., COME HO^ISpALirWILirBIS
»•»?!..■ ■,-..■• JOE.
HS. BUTTERFIKLII-SEND ADDREaSTO
. P. O. box 814, San Jose.
"JOHN F. DUNN, IF IN THIS CITY. COM-
v municate with Oakland friends.
■V-OIICE-I WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE
XT for debts contracted by my wife on and after
date, hhe baring left, my home (bed and board).
JOHN A. DUaRTE, Pinole, Cal., June 10. 1896.
I2ABY BOY 4 MONTHS OLD FOR ADOP-
» ' tion by well-to-do family who can furnish good
home to child. Address W. R., box 8). this office.
PHYSICIAN WILL OIVR SERVICES AND
-i. medicines in exchange for anything saleable or
useful: country products accepted. ii. D., box
t>o. Cull. /
A DVlCfci FREE; DIVOKCK LAWS A SPE-
-TV cialty; private; no chance unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collection* wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 850 Market si
KAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. FOR SALE;
J *j also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
EGGS, 10c A DOZKX; -BUTTER, 20c P_R
roll; condensed milk, 5c per can; sardines, 5c
per can ; jelly, 10c a can cornstarch, 5c per pack-
age; picnic bams, 6c per pound: Kastern dams, 8c
per pound; 20 pounds suitar, $1: flour, 85c a sack;
25 pounds of prunes. Dears, apricots or apples, $1.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth St., between the two
markets.
pARISIA>f"MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
-1- course taught in six weeKs; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden (iate aye.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
'mnnufrs' cost. Factory, 20 f-ansome, upstairs.
JTIHE Et ONOMY MILLINERY, 40 SIXTH ST.;
x selling out at cost; store and fixtures for sale.
A LICE-TOM SAYS iFifTcJIRL GOT HER
-CV hair dressed at G. LEDKHER'S, 111 Stockton
st.. and it was "out of sight": you'd better go
there: It's only 25c, too; the store is nearest Geary
?__ ROSE.
AIR DRESSED, 2ftc: SHAMPOO, 25c: MAN-
icure, 25c. BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 20,elevatr.
a 1 1 n g to n • SCHOOL OF magazine
I- and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: Instructors, J. H. K. Partington. Gertrude
Purtiugton, R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
RAZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
W ATGH AND r JEWELRY REPAIRING;
" low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
CONSUMPTION TREATED BY A NEW
) method. DR. AMERICAN, 36 Va Geary St.;
hours 12 to 2:30. a
GJ_O. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW, 215
Sansome st., room 4.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company,! 117 Market st.,bet 7th and Blh.
1 IBfc.UA 1., AIiVASSVtUi US DIAMONDS Jxs. vV-
-»-* «*lr>', etc. : lowest ratp^. 94 s Market at.
SPECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed ; self -measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
BUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
-L Transfer company, 43 Sutter st.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
1 I t\t\ CARDS, $150: SHOW CARDS, ISc;
X '\t\f u-1. Black 141., HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
A THE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
■^ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHII.D'a. 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ShTROZYNsKI, LEADING LADIES' H.MR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices. !
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132 !
Geary, renr-tved from Larkin St. to 119 Stock- !
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JaUSSAUD.
IJIG OUTDOOR STi\KEOpTICON SHOW EVE- j
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIKS'
clothing bought. (.'OLMAN. 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
lIJ^S" A WEEK 7 S~NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THIS
—^—^ WEEKI'/ CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
uress3lak_:rs.
dresses 82 up; wrappers 35cknts up;
iJ lawn $1 up. 5 5 / 4 Natoma st.. above sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
a"
50 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE 13 POW_R."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. KUGKNJh; AND VAN DS VERB, !
1728 MARKET ST.
Their reading* astonish the most skeptical. - All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, Investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce: settle lovers' i
quarrels and-cause speedy and happy marriages.
hey locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property. Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil Influences in half tha
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums In the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
May. Hours 10 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays i to 6P. — .
Letters containing stamps answer" .
PROFa EUGENE & VAN DE VERB,
1728 Market at.
~T~SSISTANCE AND ADVICE ■
-"- V that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy ana successful.
PROFE.SSOK M. L. CARNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me- I
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court- j
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affeci ions, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brines the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Kddy st.
Letters with stump answered. Hours— 9 to 9
daily and Sundays.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, Is a born medium: guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes I
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon 1
the public, for 50c and $1; call and be convinced of i
her wonderful gift. Rooms Sand 4, 917 Market st.
MME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City: greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 St'jcktou st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
VI ME. MOREAU, BKST MEDIUM; REVEALS ]
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MMX. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
ant, card- reader, born with a douole veil and
second sight; ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
VI RS. WILSON-PAST, PRESENT, FUTURE;
■IVI laalea 50c, gents $1: no sign. 1722 Market st.
MX. ARNDT, BUS 1' FORTUNE TKL_KR I.V
the world; 60c and $1, shows you the picture ot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
P~ ROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
wonderful power; advice on all affairs: busi-
ness confidential; letters $2; 9to 8; also Sunday.
pYPSY LIFE-READER^ ladies 25c;
VJ~ gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
ME. LKGE'ITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
tips on races; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth.
■LITHEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
-Hi Ist; mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME. SY'BILLK TKLLS FROM CRADLiS TO
the grave: fee lib cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
IV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
f_ss=* CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
ZSZGT THE WEEKLY ('ALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 60.
postage free.
SI'IKITUALISM. ~~
RS^FULTON-^SLATE-WRITING SEANCE
to-night; sittings dally. 31 Fell at.
RS. BEELKY. TEST CIRCLE, THURSDAY,
2m. and BP. M. 1133 Mission st. ; 25 cts.
RS. SHRINER, TEST CIRCLE, TO-NIGHT,
IOc: sittings dally. 311 Van Ness aye.
rnKST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 10c; YOUNG,
J. 605 McAllister St.; articles read.
OEMOVAL— SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER
-LV and psychic "physician, 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20; no fee except as a gift.
Mi;-^ KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BOSI-
l'l ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136Oak'st.
ME. DR. TUOMAB, CLAIRVOYANT 26
yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
Its; J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
nee medium : sittings $1. IS Stockton at.
astrology. / ~~
rTmead" aneß^bsTa £I]"qFestions^y
planets: daily or by mall, $2. 36^ Geary st.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
Tghtli Tnstallment^^lSBEssment
J notice.— s-an Francisco and San Joaquln
Valley Railway Com v. Location of principal
place of business, city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of the
board of directors, held on the 9th day of June, I
1596, an assefsment of ten dollars ($10) per share
was levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
tion, payable in medially to the Bank of California,
treasurer of said corporation, at the office of said
treasurer, NW. corner of ijansomeand California
streets, in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California.
Any a ock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the eleventh (11th) day of July, '
1896. will be delinquent and ad vertls"d for sale at '
public auction, and, unless payment is made be-
fore., will be sold on the thirtieth ' (30. h) ■ day of
July, 1896, to pay the delinquent assessment,
together with costs of advertising and expenses Of
sate. By order or the board of directors.
- < ; ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
321 Market st., city and county of San Francisco,
State of California,
EDUCATIONAL.
ANJO^VN ; TJ pTTno" in^tructionsT
prices reasonable; pupil of George Dobson,
New York; home 2 to 8 p. M. H. L. MILLER,
907 Howard st.
IJiXPEItIENOKD TEACHER WISHES FEW
Xli more aault pupils of neglected elucntion; pu-
pils coached: strictly private. Call or address F.
G., 619 Geary St. -■ ■■ - - ■
ME'IVILLE- SNYDER, STUDIO 514
Sutterst.: vocal music, piano, elocution: dra
malic elocution: skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte,
etc. Vocal classes Monday, 8 p. m. ; $1 per month.
OOKKKKPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculation*. 659 Market.
\ TTEND STIEHL'S COLLEGE,' 723 MARKET
A. St. The very best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
ECU T'S 10-LETTKR SHORTHAND IS THE
latest and best; 100 words per minute cuar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (lncld. typewriting). s2s. 927 Market.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MA RY WEsi'IUUS. 39 Fifth.
RIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
es Tues. and Fri. Misses HUDDY J3a Hyde st.
TJROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GRKVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st.
OOKKPNG, WRITNO, ABITHMTC. GRAM R
day* night: noclasses: ss month. 845 Mission
FAXI.sU, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bld.,r.s7.
_PaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE?
Aleistenchaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s:
\KES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COLT
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
IjELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
J3 Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
en stage. It. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. bloc!;. 7th and Mkt.
OCHOOL ELECTRICA— , CIVIL, MINING, MK-
>J chuuical engineering, surveying, architectural,
assay; .stab. 64. VAN DKB NAILLEN. 723 Mk;.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST. !
Bookkeeping, . business practice, shorthand, '
typing, electrical entineer.'nK, telegraphy, modem
icßguageajapldly taught, W rite tor catalogue.
101 l i ™'jiOOL:llK-\ Ll.' -J> s. <:. 1T..' . . •ii. : I
Pr>»t •iTim~!»"*i I »' ■-■ ' ->'.!■■' m i'■ «!■>• n.yn '»
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
"SYo- GRA N D UPRIGHtPsLIGHTLY
<P±_W. used: sold on $5 installments. 221
Leavenworth st^
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to to elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY «fe CO., Stein way representatives.
LEGaNT PIANO: SLIGHTLY USED; FINE
Sli order: cheaD. sheriff's Warehouse, 211 Larkin.
TTPRIGHT PI AN EXCELLENT TONE;
U fine case; imperative sale this week: an offer
is wanted. Room 12, Flood building.
A BEAUTIFUL STKINWAY' UPRIGHT:
must be sold; a sacrifice sale. Room 10,809
.Market st.
A STEINWAY $175; STECK $150: STEKL-
-I\. ins $100; Lad d $60. BRIBNN'W, 228 Post.
IJIAN'iS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
1 stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SP£N-
CKIt CO., 933 y. arket st.
1 -:inwTy baby GRAND, NEARLY new,
O at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPtjSCKR CO.,
933 Market st.
/""! REAT OPPORTUNITY; 5~ FINE UP^
GBBAT OPPORTUNITY; 5 FINK UP-
VJ rights, 9125 and $160 each: call early if you
want a bargain. VAIS, 769 Market st. ■
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
X) & Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Pos: st.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York : just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lhy; violins, $1 35; mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antobarps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos.
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. . J. HARRY sSCOTT, 929
Market St.. Spreckels building.
Sj lOR FINE CIiiCKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
«J> 1 _.-i..) . McAllister st., next to Hibernia Bank.
A KRIVKD— oh' CELEBRATED HIGH-
J*v crude T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDEBS, 82 Ninth st.
CHICKKUING, KNABK STECkTvOSE, BTER-
\J ling pianos; see our new plsno Jorf 187: pianos
;or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & bON. 16 O'Farrell.
yuon mau/y. :u;s POST ■ ST.— SOHAIEB,
Newby &■ Evans, Brlcras nnd other pianos.
QUPERIOK VIOLINS ZITHERS. OLU&NEW
0 H. MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham Dlace.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
I.; WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address In the j
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post- :
p^efree- '. * I
BORBKS.
I^oTr^A^E^STYLrsiT^OAD HORSE AND
' top buggy; new flrst-cla-ts delivery wagon with
Incandescent, lights: IOU-gallon galvanized iron
boiler. Inquire 221 Polk st.
1,-OR SALK — SEVERAL KIND, GENTLE,
-I well-bred roadsters, single and double. Call a
331 Golden Gate aye.
"I -f\ SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
XOXJ ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys, 1
rockaways, carts ; must be sold. 1128 Mission st !
UCTION SALES OF HOUSES. BUGGIES. I
wagons, harness, etc., at Derby stables, 645 !
Geary, cor. Leavenworth. Tuesday 11 o'clock. ]
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer. |
CfJA SKT NEW AND mIcuNU-HAND HAR- j
c)Ul» ness; all kinds: bugey.wasron, carts, surrey '
&rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia. j
Af\ iiORBK.3 FuK SALK; ALMJ WAGONS,
rl\J bugeies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hows
Market. 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. |
Oft.SKS PASTURED: SEND FOil cTrC
Inr. Th» llvrip Ranch. 6 HO <'nmn-»rclal St.
WACiONS AND CARRIAGES.
\YTANTED — A." TEAM (MUSTANG)
»» horses; must be cheap. 1555 Kearny st.
TVTEW FARM WAGON FOR SALE CHEAP.
— Inquire at 1340 Kirkham st.. Oakland.
TANDING-TOPEOCTOR's PHAETON; GOOD
Oas new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market.
QLIGHTLY SOILED DKIVNG LOVES;
O samples. H. M. HKINEM A-N, 109 Sansome st.
TVJKW AND SKCOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
-4-' dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. ■ 828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
TRRIGaTORs, 4 AN D B^UORSR~BIeCOX&- j
X hand gnsoine engines. first-ciass and cheap. I
Address G. E., box 100. Call Office. j
AX HKDBOOM SET, COST $150, FOR $SO. j
524 Valencia st. . i
SELL PORTABLE FORGE, ANVIL, j
tools, pulleys, shatln?, etc. 14 ; Devlsadero.
XCELSIOR WINDMILL.PUMP AND LARGE
JCi tank cheap. Inquire 621 Sixth st.
0 TENTS AND CAMPING CHAIRS FOR
■— ■ sale. Inquire 521 Sixth st.
I ICYCLE BARGAINS— 'Sb'MODKLS: STRICT-
- 1» ly high grade; tandems, la lies' and gents'
wheels; don't fall to call and inspect before buy-
ing. F. R. GRANNIS A CO., 609 Market st.
T EGilORNsi. WHITE, BROWN AND BUFF,
Jusl each: fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Alameda.
T\TEW&2ND-HAND'"9S" BICYCLKS, $25 TO
IN $65. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
OUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 112 iy 2 Market.bet. 7th & Bth. I
SIX-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
O engine for sale cheap. Apply -or address 215
Bay st. -:,■■•■ ■
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
IJOILERS,ENGINES,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
JJ waterplpes. Mclntosh <fe Wolpman, 137 Beale.
i^CILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHKd
1 ) doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission. ..
NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB !
fire and burglar proof safe. 1 09, 111 Market ■»;.
LMRJK AND BURGLAR SAFK, LETTER- ]
-I press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay. !
TVTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND- j
1\ hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
________
proposals.
; FOR~A/"CONCRETE BULK^
X head and bituminous yard work— sealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools In open session of the Board of
Education, • new Cl.y Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmopolitan
Grammer school in accordance with plans and
specification* (and thecon ltions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bid.« as the public good may re-
quire. GEORGE BEAiNSTON, Secretary.
"PROPOSALS " FOR SUPPLIES FOR VETE-
rans'. Home Association— Notice Is ' hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at Its office, room i 3. 3'JO Sansome street,
«an Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.. Satur-
day, June 27, 1896, and opened immediately there-
after in the presence of bidders, Jor turnishlng and I
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies
for the Ye erans 1 Home, Nnpa County, California
(railroad station, Yountville), for the six months
commencing July 1, 1896, and ending Decemoer
81. 1896. - ■ - i • ,
. Schedules with Information and instructions for
submittln - bids will be furnished upon application
by the undersigned. • Bidders will carefully follow
the conditions of the schedules, and no bid wi.l be
considered unless It is in accordance with such
schedules ' Each bidder must accompany his bid
with a certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per cent
of the amount of his bid, payable to J. c. Currier,
Treasurer, conditioned that | the bidder will enter
Into a g od aud valid contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids, and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified. .
Address J. "J. SCOVILLE, Secretary . Veterans'
Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome street,
San Francisco, Cal. - - ...
By order of the Board of Directors. •
. ' J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
AL HOBIOEK. : > LOUIS A. BOUC. .
I A. SOUC A CO.
J.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED. [
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 18TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time aud
money by calling on us at once.
<C?OQ Ann ONE OF THE BEST BUSINESS
«Jl . \J\J\ > . corners In the Mission ; lot 65x100;
2-story building containing 8 stores and 4 rooms;
3 flats, 5 rooms atid bath each; 2 bay-window cot-
tages. 5 rooms and bath; all in Al order; renting
for $2880 per an num.
<EM») ft A COR. GUERRERO AND 20TH—
Jjjl-.U'iU. Lot 76:6x105: elegant bay-win-
dow house; 8 rooms, bath: salon parlors: large
grounds and stable. Look at this and make
AN OFFER, AS IT MUST GO
(j»rAft 25x80: VALENCIA ST.: A SNAP;
»l)t)c)Uv/. bay-window house 8 rooms: bath; in
good order; should be turned into business prop-
erty, which could be done at small cost.
<2! |.\(ll| 3° *: HER!-: IS A CHANCE TO
<Jp"i«JU''. secure an elegant home in the warm
belt of the Mission on easy terms; S2(>')o cash, bal-
ance can remain; window house of 8 rooms,
bath, laundry; all in Al order; street bitumlnized;
worth $6000.
£.;r;r/w\ 25x90; MISSION ST., NR. 20TH;
tjT?c)c)UU. house of 8 rooms and bath; could at
snia 1 cost be converted Into Al business property;
the lot Is worth more money.
(i>O'fW\ 26x126; CHATTANOOGA ST.,
_i)UU. near 2nd: cozy cottage, 6 rooms;
bath: perfect order; fine garden.
Cl* Of I A/) SAN CARLOS AYE.. NEAR 19TH;
tjp€>\J\Jyf, 2-story House, 5 rooms; bath; street
work all done and accepted.
»J_Of*KA -_'S.\Bo: LEXINGTON AYE., NEAR
•J I—-U'Jv.1 — -U'Jv. 19th; 2 flats* 4 ard 5 rooms: bath;
rent $ 28: street work all done and accepted.
I OOK A I THOSE LOTS ON ABM V ST., NR.
Ji Folsoru we offer for $550;' 26x185; street
sewered and graded.
Our list comprises some of the be»t property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home-
steads; also good business corners in any part of
the Mission : call and get a lUt and prices
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
L. A. SOI C & CO., 465 and 467 Valencia St.,
near Sixteenth.
"TUTCHBURO— FITCHBURG-
r ITCHBURG— FITCHBURG—
IS MIDWAY BETWEEN OAKLAND
AND SAN LEANDRO,
On the only county road connecting those popn
lous cities.
It fronts on the famous highway leading from
Fruitvale to Haywards and extends to Oakland
harbor and possesses all the natural advantages
requisite for a thriving business community.
It is systematically laid out into blocks and lots,
bounded by wide streets newly graded and grav-
eled.
Twenty-six direct fast ferry trains da'ly (San
Leandro and Haywards local) to and from San
Francisco and Oakland stop at the commodious
station just completed by the Southern Pacific
R. R. Co. Sidetracks, warehouses and other con-
veniences for the accommodation of freight ship-
pers.
San I eandro and Haywards electric car service
every few minutes to Oakland.
Theater trains run on both lines.
Distance and time the same as to Alameda or
Berkeley. .. • : :::^
BE FIRST TO SECURE LOTS AT LOW PRICES
AND GROW UP WITH THE TOWN.
Prices as low as scattering lots can be bought for
in isolated tracts in some far off hay Held.
LOTS 25 AND 50x100 TO 200
ONLY $100 TO $200.
Ten percent cash, balance easy terms.
Full particulars of
THAD. S. FITCH, Fltchburg.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
,'7i: 25x120; 24TH AYE., NEAR CALI-
-ifyO tO. forma st. ; street work all done.
$175—115x100: corner; lot 4, block 157. Abbey
Homestead Association, Sin Mateo County.
$175-115x100; corner; lot 1, block 159. Abbey
Homes Association.
$■-'00— 5: NE. cor. Lob os and Capital sts.
Ruilroad Homestead Association.
$1660-63:4x114: north side 26th St., bet.
Cli arch and Sanchez.
CHAS. C. FISHER, 607 California st.
TVKW COTTAGE, 923 V OR li ST., NEAR 2 1ST.;
— 6 rooms and bath; high-finished basement;
porcelain tub; . substantially built: everything
modern and convenient: "price $2900; e»s>- terms;
equal to rent, If desired; lot 25x100 feet; owner
on premises daily.
Vf CAft'KK BROTHERS, ~
IVI REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS is justly considered the
choicest residence locality of the city, having a
grand marine view, best society, latest s.treet work
and newest residences. We offer the following:
(fl-O" AH LAUREL ST., NEAR CLAY ; 27:81/4
«5>00UU.x112:6. .
&3000. LAURIiL ST., NEAR CLAY; 25 *
tfrOUUU. 137:6.
The foregoing are both fine key lots.
GjJEAri CLAY ST., NEAR WALNUT;
<J)4:OUU. 34:41^x127:814. ■
<_>/l f\f\(\ CLAY ST., NiiAR WALNUT; 80:10
&4UUU. x127:8i/*.
(T.OAAA JACKSON ST., NEAR MAPLE,
JJIOUUU. 29:6x128:8V4.
CfcQinn BAKKR SI., NEAR JACKSON;
tjDOIUU. 27:81,4x110.
<B! 4 ?MAfI G^KKEN ST., NEAR SCOTT; 25x
<p ")(\(\r\ CALIFORNIA ST., NEABMAPLE;
<j> vAAA California st., near maple;
«Jt)ZUUU. 27:6x132:7Vg.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS)
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS. : :
Xi for homes or investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains.
Q3J7X TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
«IP • «-* boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ A 880. .. • ■
'<a«*->nn $400, $450, $500 TO $1100 —
»]p«Jv/U. Choicest lots in Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; read y to
build on; terms to suit puichasers. SOL GETZ _
BRO. . - - ■ ■ '
©lAATO $250— BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
«D L\J\J Mlsslon-st. and electric-car lines: only
$10 down, $6 monthly. SOL GETZ A 880.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
IG BARGAIN— AN ELEGANT HOME, $700
cash, balance monthly, 2-story, 6 rooms, bath,
high basement, line barn and drive; lot 28x120:
only $3400; fine locution. 365 First aye., nr.
Clement St., owner 1402 Devlsadero st.
HEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
\J rooms', bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller St.. nr. Stanyan, i/a block G. Gate Pant.
<_>QKAA JUST FINISHED: ELKGANT 2-
ir[)ijO\J\J. story bay-window house of 7 rooms;
latest improvements; cash $500. Bryant avo.,
nearTwenty-flrst st. .
Oj Qdfi NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; 6 RMS.;
tJpOUU. hard finished. Inquire 210 Andover
aye., bet. Crescent and East aye., Holly Park Tract.
<B»Ol'nA COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
tj)_..H'U. on lot 60 v 122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; *26 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. -
fIU^AAA NEW BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE;
«JP_,UUU. lot 26x100; part cash; bargain. F.,
box 39, Call Office. . ■  ,
WHY PAY RKNT? ;
» • hen you can buy cheap on easy terms'one of
the finest houses of 8 and 10 rooms in the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole st, near Waller; all
modern Improvements; street to be bituminized;
large lots, 2&k1'.5. Owner on premises.
-\fl UST BE SOLD IN THE NEXT 10 DAY'S.
IV I $10,000— See. this beautiful business corner;
SW. cor. Folsom and 21st sts; 95x90: offer wanted.
$2750— 2 lots 25x1(0 each; N. side of Page si.,
87 feet from Shrader; bet. Shradcr and Stanyan
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st. .
AROAIN; SACRIFICE; NO REASONABLE
offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc.: would exchange.
BHADBURNE. 415 Montgomery st.
UIiSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to $276 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
T A COB HEY MAN, REAL ESTATE, lAs
v removed to 11 Montgomery st.
i-'HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age tree.
PROPERTY to ; EXCHANGE.
HaTTbTrgaTns^w h^t^d^"you~wXnt "t
O\J\J 20 bouses and lots from $1250 t0... 510,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0.:........ SO.OOO
100 busluess places, all kinds, from 860 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $^00 to. 3,000
H. C. DECKKR, 10*0 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
OB SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY LOT,
20 acres of choice fruit land in Santa Clara
County. Apply 6*6 Natoma st. . ■ .
T?OR EXCHANGE-FOR PROPERTY IN OAK-
£ land or vicinity: 320 acres, level land, In artes-
ian belt, Tulare i County; ' near located - line of
Valley road to Bakersfleld. .; Address A. TUSIN,
Call Office, Oakland. . - ■ . - .;
1 OQA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
X_iOU water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6,Cali
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS _ THIS
weekly CALL, In wraevjer, lor mailing.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
C&OXnPER ACRE: 15 ACRES OF THE
«ff) *JO\J Unest full-bearing orange grove in the
State: on main line of railroad at Penryn: all
under high slate of cultivation and under Irriga-
tion canal. This property will pay for itself in 2
years. No such property has ever been offered be-
fore for less tl.&u $1000 per acre. Examine this
at once.
ALSO— 30 ACRES CHOICE LAND IN SAME
location; mostly in beariug fruits and under
high state of cultivation; at $175 per acre; cheap
at $300.
GUI ?\ f\()C\ 11( ACRES: A FINK STOCK
tl?lu.\" l v;. ranch In Napa County; all fenced;
30 acres vineyard; nood hous«*; large barns: plenty
of water; all the implements; some tocx; 200
acres under cultivation, 600 more can be if wanted;
will sell or exchange; must be handled at once, as
owner has other business to attend to. Snbm:t
only first-class properties. Will entertain Los
Angeles property.
■ EDWIN K. ALSIP &CO..
Room 29, second floor, Mills building.
Cj f\f\ AN ISLAND OF 15 ACRES IN THIS
?J)«JUU. Russian River; house and burn: all
first-class bottom land. I An elegant summer villa
with 15 acres in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
CHARLES COLTOX, 906 Market St.
mo LEASE. IMMEDIATELY— FRUIT RANCH
1 of 33 acres, 26 acres in fruit; 214 miles from
Auburn, Placer County; comfortable house; terms
Vis cash, balance when crop is picked. Address
MRS. A. FRIED. 309 Powell street.
L OR SALK— PLEASANT HOME, 5 ROOMS:
1 4 lots, 200x120 (half acre) ; fine place for poul-
ry or flowers. WILLIAM LAMBEKT, Mlllbrae.
\ LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND;
-'V choicest in the State; selling in tracts. 5 acres
upward, $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: lVa hours from
San Francisco: easy terms;, title perfect. 57
Chronicle building '
C|('f|A|l FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE; 10
tjpULfVMJ. acres planted all varieties fruit; 4-
room bouse, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
ing utensils included. Apply F. B. HOOSON, Hay-
wards.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. •
OR HOMES IN LOS G \TOS OR ORCHARDS
X in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble «£; Co.
KMJFOiiOUR LIST OK ORCHARD HOMES
lor sale. WOOSTKB A WHITTON. San Jose.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and Vi acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with email house, etc. D. H. TWl.su. bottom*
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 31 £0, post-
age free. - • ■ ■■ ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOME; $3250. CASH SI2SO; 5 ROOMS,
\J porcelain bath; choice flowers; greenhouse:
cement walks: near churches and schools;
centrally located: will net purchaser 7 per cent;
owner will remain as tenant or vacate; principals
only. Address E. CRAG, Call Office, Oakland. -
Q9nfin HOUSE -8 RuOMS: LOT 30x115:
rJP—Jv'UVJ. near station: must be sacrificed on
account departure. Apply A. J. TAIT, 1566
Seventh St., Center station, Oakland.
<S»97CM READ! READ READ! $30 PER
«Ir_j ( O\J . month and no cash down for new
modern 8-room house: bath; lot 35x126. ALDEN
A CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOIC SALE.
2?C?X PITRN7T uI?rE~TTito7)M^ hTsCHELU
<IpOi>. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh at.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
T~A R(4 E ,"~SE VV\ 16^ROOM FURNISHED
XJ dwelling (overlooking Lake Merrltt) with mod-
ern conveniences for rent. For particulars call at
premises between 3 and 6 p. m., 121 Lake St., Oak-
land.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
TT AND-SOM KLY FUKNISHE D HOUSE AN
XI grounds; first-class neighborhood; 2 blocks
trotn depot: 10 rooms and bath: to rent or lease.
961 Madison St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
I^OURtITeNTH AND CASTRO— TO LEt!
- with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st. .--.•,-.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA3IEDA real ESTATE.
MARCUSE <fc REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
aud builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$-200— £25 cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 6 rooms and bath.
$2450— 525 cash, $22 60 monthly: 63x117; cot-
tape of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
83000— No cash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 6 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
- Open Sundays and holidays.
STORY; NEW; 10 ROOMS: ALL MODERN
improvements: finely furnished; gas and
water: oily $6500; lar-'e lot. :-. -
To rent— Four finely furnished houses: also un-
furnished. JODD, 1424 Par- st., Alameda.
FFKR WANTED FOR NEW 6-ROOM COT-
ta;e: all modern improvements and street
work. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park si.
beautiful new MODERN
'IT v) UI'U. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one Block west of Park st.: it will surely please
yon; Investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth su Oakland.
BAHGAIN-SI3SO;NI<;AR BROADWAY; LOT
45x160: house of six rooms; $360 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OMKS BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy term's: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. H. DKNKE. real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh st., Alameda.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
. BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
Joseph j. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
v insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
/ 1 OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
VJT on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
berkeley. houses.
F"^sr^^enT^h^k^e^t^^£6^atiosJ in
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.;. all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
lilOK RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE; 6 ROOMS
X I and bath; piano; $25 2014 Virginia st., near
Shattnck aye.. Berry man station. ■
, MONEY TO LOAN.
OANS"""ON FußNrfußE^ PIANOS ANO
diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st.
IBT*2D MORTGAGES; I.N'TEKKSI'.i IN X*
tatcs;lowest rates:no deIay.MURPHY,623 Mrkt.
A DVANCKSON DIAMONDS,JEWKLKY\ ifiTO
x\ Colombia Loan «t Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
1 Jmort gases, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHEsT
A jewelry, also ou furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st.: open evenings.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or Si) ..MORTGAGES;
xx estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; interest low; private entrance: private
room 3; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
ONKY LUAN&D ON JKW-LRY AN"!}
other valuables at the 6ecnrity Loan Office,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
I \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
U no removal: no delays; .no commissions: low
interest. * Km. 68. Donohue bldg, 1170 Market su
JOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies. 33 ■ Pine st,
PAWNBROKERS. ~~~
T 128 KEARNY ST.; KOO_i" 9— MONBY
loaned,' watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: p;i*
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal 1 cheap. •
STORAGE.
'^ROOSKYC^ISnSsioS^STOaAQBI^T
.redLced rates; basement storage, sl 50 per load
STORAGE— IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Lnrkin.
T?URNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
J vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR,2O4Post.
LOWES RATES-FURNITURE, PIANOS,
JLi household goods, etc | J. M. I*erce, 785 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: flre-nroof building: Kastern plan.
BICYCLES.
DARK CYCLERY— NE~w" WHEELS TO LET;
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho-
AUister and Powell st, car line* „-
SEWING MACHINES.
VO. 3 SINGER HARNESS SEWING-MA-
->-' chine cheap. 1916 Mission, be . 16th and lrtth.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGE-T
XV rented, repaired : lowest ratea. 'Mb Fourth st.
LATESX BUlPl«lN<i INTELHOKNCE.
Movement* of Trim- \.*l<»i'.io <6»i n«n.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 10-Stmr Arano,
from Hamburg; stmr Teutonic, irom Liverpool;
Havel, from Bremen.
Sailed June 10— Stmr St Paul for Southampton;
stmr Sou:hwark, for Antwerp; ituir Germanic, for
Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrived out June 10-Stmr
Spree; stmr e>t Louis.
sai c June 10— Stmr Trave, for New York.
MOVlLLK— Arrived out June 10— Stmr Ethi-
opia. -
GLASGOW— Arrived out June 10-Stmr State
of Nebraska.
SIAKUIAUE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's ottice yesterday :
William" Welch and Louisa Matthews, 21—20.
H. T. Cllne and Mary E. McCarthy, 25-22.
H. Newsham and Frances A. Kelly, 29—21. •
John Sullivan and Winnie J. Qulnn, 40-39.
A. Demons?et and Deiphlne L. Peytavin, 47—38.
John C. MolHson and Mary Henkel, 21—19.
Joseph Capelle and Margaret london, 28—
LuKe Hamilton and Bra a. Mu'iro. 44—22.
S. E. Wilcox and Elizabeth J. Bascom, 41—41.
E. R Tabor ana Lina V. Heck, 22-18.
J. B. Greenlaw and Annie C. McArihur, 26—23.
J. s. Williams and Emma F. Perkins. 26—28.
J. F. Engellund and Marie F. Thomas. 32—21.
H. N. Mai y and Nellie T. Smith, 32—26.
. DIVOKCci PilOU__-«l^<i;>.
Suits fllei:
Ida J. Seldte against Hu?o Seldte. .. ,. ■ -
' Mary E. Donahue against John Donahue. -
James Cullen against Alice Cullen.
JSSRTILS — 31ARRIAGES — DEATHS.
[Birth, marring? and death notices sent by mill
•will not be Inserted. They must be banded In as
either of the publication offices and be indorse 1
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to have the same published.]
BORN.
CALLAN-In this city, June 10, 1896, to the wife
of John Callan, a daughter.
HOFFMAN— In Oakland, Jane 8, 1896, to the
wife of Harry H. Hoffman, a daughter.
JANUARY— 10, 1896, to the wife of P. T.
January, a daughter.
M ORISON- Jnne 9, 1896, to the wife of Robert
M orison, a son.
TERRIER— In this city, June 8, 1895, to the wife
of Frank Terrier, a daughter.
MAKUIEI).
HAMMOND— In this city, Jane 10,
1896, by the Rev. W. H. Moreland, Stanley Ad-
derley and Florence Hammond.
ERICKBON— FAURE— In this city. May 1896,
Alfred E. EricksoD and Alma F. J. Faure.
KROTOSZYNER-HARTMAN— In Merced, June
2, 1896, at the borne of tbs bride's parents. Dr.
Martin Krotoszynerof Ban Francisco and Jenny
Hartman of Merced.
. iH.xiU.
Austin (infant) McShea, William
Bremer, Christian Phillips, James
Chanaron, HUario Peterson, Lizzie
Gilllgan, alary Podd, Jesse
Gaul, James Reed, Agnes
Hasse, Carl H. W. Richter, Henriette
Holt, Sarah P. Schnitzer, Albert
Charles B. ScheurT, Christian
Knoivles, Josiah N. Terrier (infant)
Kinnears, Hugh Wedeklnd, Henrietta
AUSTIN— this city, June 10, 1896, infant
daughter of Harry M. and Helen M. Austin.
BREMER-In Alameda, June 8, 1896, Christian
beloved husband of Magdalena Bremer, and
father of Agnes D. and C. H. Kremer, a native of
Holstein, Germany, aged 71 years 11 months
and 17 days.
AST Friends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday). June 11. at 10 a. m.. from hit late
residence, 823 Central avenue, Alameda.
Please omit flowers. Interment private, Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
CHANARON— in this city, June 9, 1898. Hllario,
beloved husband of Amelie Chanaron, a native
of France, aged 57 years.
jßj-yFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., at his late
residence, 509 Castro street, thence to Mission
Dolores Ciiurcn for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GILLIGAN— In Oakland June 8, 1896. Mary, be-
loved wife of James Gllligan, aud mother of Ed-
ward F., James, Thomas, Nellie, Jennie and
Annie Gilhzan and Mrs. Vincent Chloupeck and
Mrs. Ernest Brown, a native of County sligo, Ire-
land, aged 74 years.
£s~Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 167 Seventh street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn reg item mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a.m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
GAUL— In this city. June 9, 1593. James, beloved
husband of Mara Gaul, a native of County Kil-
kenny. Ireland, aged 65 years.
&3"Friendj ana acquaintance* are n»sne'st-
fnlly Invited to attend ti-.e funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock a. m.. from his
late residence, 517 Bush street, thence to Church
of Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrate 1 for the repose of
h's soul, commencing iv 10:30 o'clock a. h.
Please omit flowers. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
lIA--SE— ln this city, June 10. 1896. Carl H. W.,
beloved son of Charles and Susanna Hasse, a na-
tive of San 1- rancisco, aged 7 months and 3 days.
HOLT— In Alameda, June 9, 1896, Sarah P..
widow of the late William F. Holt and mother of
Mrs. E. B. Wright, Mrs. M. Rblnd. Mrs. M. Gale,
Mrs. E. Gibb, a native of Plymouth, N H., aged
81 years, 10 months, 9 days.
HART— In this city. June 10. 1896, Charles B.
Hart, a native of Lancaster, Ohio, aged 68 years,
4 months.
KINNEARS-In this city. June 10. 1896, Hugh
Kinnears, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
KNOWLES— In Oakland, June 10, 1896. Josiah
N. Knowles. a native of Eastham, Mass., aged
66 years, 15 days.
43TNotlce of funeral hereafter. -
McS-HEA— In this city, June 10, 1896, William
McShea. dearly beloved husband of Katie Mo-
Shea, father of Willie, Johnnie. Dave and
Thomas McShea and Mm. Kate Magnusel, and
brother of James and Andy McShea and Mrs.
Annie Parks, a native of Ballashanan. Donegal,
Ireland, aged 57 years 3 months and 13 days.
fl£ff*Friend» and acquaintance* ar<- resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 21 Stanford street, off Brannan, be-
tween Second and Third, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services, interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ■
PODD— In this city, June 10, 1896. Jesse Podd, a
native of England, aged 70 years and 11 days.
PETERSON— In this city, June 10, 1896, Lizzie,
beloved wife of Louis Peterson, and mother of
Geor«le»nd KmmaPetersou: daughterof Charles
and Mary Haner. ami sister of Mrs. Josephine
Tourtelotte, W.lliam, Frank and Joseph Haner,
a native of lowa, aged 28 years, 3 months and
15 days.
PHILLIPS— In this city, June 8, 1896, James,
beloved husband of Alice Phillips and father of
James and Annie Phillips, a native of Phila-
delphia, Pa., aged 58 years.
RICHTER-In this city, June 10. 1896,!Henr!ette,
youngest ami beloved daughter of William H.
and Dorothea Richter. and sister of Mrs. M. yon
Ploenzes, Adolph Richter and the late Henry
Ulchter, a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years
11 months and « days.
JB3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
I (Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her parents, 2508 Tw<?mj-tourtn street, corner
San Bruno avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
REED— In this city. June 10, 1896. Agnes Reed,
a native of Scotland, aged 76 years.
X9"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
- (Thursday), at 2 o'clock r. m., from the chapel
of the Lice Old Ladles' Horn-?, . University
Mound. Interment Masonic Cemetery. -j ■
bCHEUKER— sn this city, June 10, 1896, Chris-
tian, beloved husband of the late Louise Scheurer
and father of Tlllie and Christie scheurer, a na-
tive of Bavaria, Germany, aged 42 years, a mem-
ber of the San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, Ge-
sellschaft Teutonla and Fusiieer Mutual Benev-
olent Society. '
jja-Frlendsandseqnain'ances are respectfully
invited to attend ih* funeral SATURDAY, at 2
o'clock p. m., from Masonic Temrle, where the
funeral services will be held, under the auspices
Of Mount Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and A. M.
Remains at the undertaking parlors of Theodor
Liierks, 957 Mission street, between Fifth. aud
Sixth. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SCHNITZEH— In this city, June 10, 1893, Albert
schnitzer. beloved and onl.- soij of Frank and
Augusta Schnltzer, and brother of Paula and
Louisa Schnitzer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years 9 months and 23 days.
fggr Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully Invited to attend tlie funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from the residence
of bis parents, 2 1 Douglass street, near Seven-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TERRIER— In this city, June 8, 1896. Infant
ght»r of Lillie and Frank Tenter.
WEDKKIND— In this city. June 10, 1896. Hen-
rietta, beloved wife of 1 enry J. Wedekind and
mother of Elsie Wedeklnd and sister of Mrs.
Kllzabeth l.ampke and daughter-in-law o # Mrs.
D Wedekind, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 29 years 8 months and 25 days.
tor Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral FRIDAY,
June 12. 189 8. at 2 o'clock p. if., from 16 Ai-
varado street, between Valencia and Guerrero,
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
(d.l Fellows' Cemetery. '
-
" IViCAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIEF.CTORS & EMBALM
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
Jas. McMenomky. Ciias. JlcMenomkt.
JAMES McMENOME\' & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBAL3IERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
1516
WELCHED AND
FLED THE TOWN
Pool-Seller o'Donnell Winds
Up the Season With
a Coup.
MANY VICTIMS MOURN.
He Is Reported to Have Fleeced
His Patrons to the Tune
of $1500.
BIG ODDS CAUGHT GUDGEONS.
Not a Sign Left by Which to Tract
the Predatory Enemy of
Society.
Whenever fool men join issue with
downtown pool-sellers it requires no mind
reader or prophet to foretell the result.
The fool-man parts with his gold and the
pool-man takes it and departs. Some
times the operation is one long-drawn out,
but occasionally the parting and depart
ing is short and sharp and the fool-man
gets quicker "play for his money" than
even the average poolroom fiend desires.
Another instance of the latter character
has given Pauper alley habitues a bad turn.
Charles o'Donnell, who ran the pool
rooms at 27 and 29 Leidesdorff street under
the firm name of o'Donnell & Co. until 1
o'clock Tuesday afternoon, has, to use a
bull, "turned up missing." But no fears
of suicide or foul play aie entertained by
his friends and his more nubierous vic
tims, for with him also disappeared about
$1500 intrusted to him by his misguided
patrons who labored under the hallucina
tion that they might be able to beat the
"lead-pipe cinch"> combination under
which poolrooms are operated.
o'Donnell opened for business about
seven months ago, and as a bait for
'"suckers" gave a shade better odds than
his rivals. By this means he cultivated a
good business eventually, thoueh the
more cautious held off, as they were sus
picious of the liberal inducements offered
at this establishment.
It has been O'Donnell's custom, as it
has been that of the other poolrooms, to
open his doors at 8:30 a. m., remain open
until 1 p. m., then close until sp. m., and
Ai\\t up shop for the day at 6 p. m. or a lit
tle after. This was done to give color to
the fiction that the money bet by the
"fiends" was taken out to the racetrack
and there placed between the hours of 1
and 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
In accordance wich this programme
o'Donnell opened up on Tuesday morning
and the first step in the contemplated
slaughter of the innocents was manifest in
the odds offered, being even more liberal
than usual. As a consequence the busi
ness showed an increase over other days.
At 1 o'clock o'Donnell closed his place and
since then has not been seen by any of bis
former associates or patrons, despite the
fact that many of the latter have shown a
remarkable solicitude over his wherea
bouts and have made a persistent search
for him.
Five o'clock, punctual as time always is,
came around, and so did holders of tickets
of the o'Donnell brand. They hung about,
a little testy at first over the delay in open
ing the doors.
Then they became uneasy, and when
6 o'clock tolled alarm and anger were gen
eral among the impatient crowd. Gradu
ally t:ey dispersed, many still hopeful
that O'Donnell's absence was caused by
unavoidable circumstances, but most of
the o'Donnell ticket-holders were willing
to sell out at liberal discounts.
Yesterday morning quite a number of
the more sanguine were on guard at
O'Donnell's usual opening hour, but their
waiting resolved itself into a weary vigil,
yet o'Donnell came not.
Among those who got caught was a
rival pool-selier, who had taken his over
flow business to o'Donnell. He took the
situation philosophically, and was offering
$357 worth of O'Donnell's tickets for $30,
but found no taker.
Opinions vary as to the inspiration of
O Donnells sudden desire for seclusion
and obscurity. Some say that he was
forced to welch on Monday, and seeing
ruin before him, planned "and executed
the coup of Tuesday. Others say that the
scheme of robbery was nothing less than
a cold-blooded premeditated plan to fleece
the wary and unwary who are gullible
enough to play the races through the pool
rooms and that he cleverly chose the close
of the season for a grand clean-up.
GOLDEN GATE CARNIVAL
The Question of Finance Receives Con
sideration-Looking Forward to
the Fun.
The finance committee of the carnival
of the Golden Gate will be increased dur
ing the coming week by the addition of
some forty or fifty active workers, who
will proceed at once to canvase the City.
A special committee, consisting of Chair
man Soule, Secretary Doolan and J. H.
Mangels, will shortly visit the principal
;orporations and business houses with a
new of ascertaining now much each one
is willing to contribute toward the carni
eal fund. General Warfield and his corps
Df workers will proceed to district the City.
The City Guard band of San Diego is the
first musical organization to make appli
:ation for a position in the carnival
parades. During the recent tour of the
Hotel Men's Association the band went
through the southern part of the State
tnd also took part in the Cabriilo celebra
tion in San Diego and ail the fiestas in
;hat section.
A. J. Fritz has b«en named as the rep
resentative of the Federated Improvement
2!ubs in carnival matters. J. K. Howell
NEW TODAY.
Purifies and Beautifies
by restoring to healthy
activity the Clogged, Ir-
ritated, Inflamed, Slug-
gish? Overworked Pores.
Hold throughout the vorid. Pottbk Dkdo akd I
Cezu. Conr.,Bol« IVnpi, Booton, V. 8. A.
■j- " Uow to Purify u)d I3e»uUf j the Skin," mailed free.
has been named as the representative of
Golden Gate Lodge of the Benevolent Or
der of Elks. These gentlemen will De ap
pointed on various committees.
Chief Consul Kerrigan of the League of
American Wheelmen is endeavoring to ar
range a bicycle meet for the benefit of the
carnival funds. The latter part of July or
tne first week in August is suggested as
the proper date. He has had a conference
with R. M. "Welch, chairman of the racing
Doard; Sanford Plum mer, official referee,
and Walter D. Sheldon, a prominent
cyclist, and they have given their hearty
approval to the project.
CARRIER PIGEONS.
A Home Contest From Ashland, Or., to
California.
At 5 o'clock yesterday morning eight
carrier pigeons were set free at Ashland,
Or. Six of them were due at Alameda
and two at Vallejo at 3 p. m. yesterday.
They did not arrive at their destina
tions, and it is presumed that they have
been detained by high winds. The dis
tance between the points mentioned is 318
miles to Alameda and 293 miles to
Vallejo.
There will be a race on the 19th inst. for
medals given py the Santa Cruz Water
Carnival committee for members of the
Pacific Coast Pigeon Society. The pieeons
will leave Santa Cruz on the date men
tioned at 1:30 p.m., and should, barring
accidents, make their destinations m two
hours. _^____^____
SANITATION OF SCHOOLS
A Spirited Debate Over the Sys
tems in Three New
Buildings.
No More Raffles or Lotteries Will Be
Allowed at School Enter*
tainments.
The sanitary systems of three schools—
the Bernal Heights, Harrison and Colum
bia — were the occasion of a spirited de
bate at the meeting oi the Board of Edu
cation last evening.
The plans and specifications for the
buildings called for the Morgan system,
but after the contracts had been drawn up
the agents of the Peck-Williamson system
offered to put in the closets for about $1000
less than tne Morgan system. An effort
was made to have the previous action of
the board rescinded, but the resolution to
that effect w as defeated.
The board adopted the following recom
mendations of the City Board of Ex
aminers:
That A. E. Kellogg be recommended to the
State Board for Hiph School grade of life
diploma, Miss Rose McGeough and Miss Frala
for grammar grade or life diploma, ami Miss
Marie Ruef and Miss Anna T. Croughwill
and Miss Josephine L. Miller for grammar
grade of State educational diploma; that Miss
Paulina Dworzazak, Miss firace Mitchell, Miss
Mona Brown, Miss Laura Brown and Thomas
N. Badger be granted grammar grade certifi
cates; that the grammar grade certifi
cate of Miss Helen B. Fairweather
and Miss Rose McGeough be renewed;
that primary-grade certificates for the follow
ing be renewed: Mrs. Mary L. Belding, Miss J.
A. Bigley, Miss Addie G. Cherry, Miss Ellen
Donovan, Miss Nellie E. Ewing, Miss M. E.
Flynn, Miss A. E. Franks, Miss J. E. Gerichten,
Miss Margaret O'Brien, Miss A. E. Ryan, Miss
A. E. Owen, Mrs. B. M. Peake, Miss L. T. Ryan,
Miss Maccord, Miss S. D. Burk; that Frank D.
Stringham be granted a grammar-grade certi
ficate, and that the graduates of the Normal
;-chool clags of 1891 be granted grammar
grade certificates.
Director Murdock presented a resolution
that was submit ted to the committee of
the whole, suspending for one year the
giving of all medals in the public schools.
This was done at the instance of teachers
and principals, who believe that the pres
ent system of awards is more injurious
than beneficial to the scholars.
The board ordered the Cooper Primary
School closed for the remainder of the
term in order to give the contractor, who
is making repairs, a clance to begin work.
The Harrison Primary School will be
closed on Wednesday next for the same
reason.
The following recommendation of the
Committee on Rules was adopted and or
dered incorporated in the rules of the
board :
That when permission is given by either the 1
board or the Committee on Rules for the hold- j
ing of any fair or other entertainment by any j
school it shall be with the express reservation |
that no raffle, lottery or like game of chance
Shall be held thereat or in connection there
with.
A resolution was adopted fixing the sal
ary of substitute teachers of night schools
at $20 a month, with $1 50 extra for each
night while actually engaged.
Under a suspension of the rules Mrs. M.
Seley was appointed to the third vacancy
in the evening substitute class.
Miss K. M. Ball was elected a special,
teacher of drawing.
BANCROFT MUST ANSWER
Will Be Brought Up in the
Justices' Court for Exam
ination.
Judgments Against the Co-Operative
Printing Company Taken
Out.
Attorney George W. Monteith took the
preliminary steps in a proceeding in the
Justices' Court yesterday that will prob
ably cause H. H. Bancroft of the publish
ing corffpany of that name to create his
tory quite different from the "History of
the Uncrowned Kings."
Some time ago a number of printers,
who had tired of laboring for wages in the
shops of the town, started the Co-operative
Printing Company, all agreeing to lend
their best efforts to its success and share
in the profits of the venture.
All went well for a while, and the con
cern seemed to prosper, but somehow the
workers at the type-cases got very little
money out of it, and the list of bills re
ceivable daily grew longer. Finally the
printers concluded that they were playing
a losing game, and, after a receiver* had
been appointed, began suit for various
amounts, which they considered they were
entitled to. Eventually judgments
amounting to $4)0 were obtained.
H. H. Bancroft owed the co-operative
company $240, while the latter concern
was indebted to the concern of which
Bancroft is the head in a large sum for
materials furnished.
After the co-operative concern closed up
Bancroft is alleged by the printers to have
paid the amount due their company into
bis own concern, as an offset for their debt
to the Bancroft Company. This, they
claim, was illegal, as their claims for labor
take legal precedence over all other debts.
Attorney Monteith took out the judg
ments obtained yesterday, and within a
day or two will apply to the Justice Court
for an order of examination, and bring
Bancroft into court and show the nature
of the transaction.
The Robert* Kstate.
The will of Stephen N. Roberts has been
filed for probate and William Irwiu and Robert
McKay appointed administrators. The estate
is worth about $25,000, most of which is left
to relatives In New Hampshire.
Divorced for Neglect.
Marguerite LeUtner was yesterday granted
a divorce from John Leistner by Judge Heb
bard. Willful neglect was the ground.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1896.
LIEUT. COFFIN
HAS BEEN CAUGHT
His Engagement to Mrs.
Wood Was Announced
Yesterday.
A BUSY DAY FOR HYMEN
McKerson-Palmer and Cogswell-
Sammi Nuptials Last
Evening.
NOON WEDDING AT ST. LUKE'S.
Only Relatives Witness the Marriage
of Miss Alice Bonner and
Authur Pawson.
Army circles and society at large are
deeply interested in the engagement of
Lieutenant Coffin, the most popular man
of the Fifth Artillery, and Mrs. Minnie
Wood, widow of the late Captain Wood.
The engagement was announced yester-
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Sammi (Formerly Miss E. May Cogswell).
day, ana the lieutenant was kept busy all
day answering the many congratulations
which were fairly showered upon him.
Mrs. Wood is at present at the home of
her father, the Rev. Mr. Mansfield, at his
place near San Jose.
The bride to be is a petite brunette,
beautiful and accomplished, and deeply
admired by a large circle of society, as
well as army friends. Sne is musically in
clined. She sings beautifully and plays
equally well. She is also given to outdoor
sports, and excels especially in riding,
driving and rowing.
A more popular man than Lieutenant
Coffin it would indeed be difficult to find.
A brave soldier and jolly companion, no
function is considered complete without
him. The lieutenant has alway.s led the
army cotillons and has several times offi
ciated in the same capacity for the Friday
Night Cotillon Club. As an usher and
best man he has been especially in de
mand at swell weddings, and has officiated
in either capacity more than fifty times.
Lieutenant Coffin leaves to - morrow
morning for Canby, where he will be sta
tioned for the next two years. He will,
however, return to this City the latter part of
July, when his wedding to Mrs. Wood will be
celebrated at the home of her father, near San
Jose.
The wedding of Miss Helen Marvin Nicker
son, niece of Mrs. A. H. Lee, and Willard John
Parker, superintendent of the Occidental Rail
road at Guatemala, was solemnized last even
ing at the residence of the bride's aunt, 1415
Geary street. It was a pink and white wed
ding. Fragrant pink and white blossoms were
used with artistic effect in the adornment of
drawing-room, sitting-room and corridor. An
Itch of the same pretty blossoms spanned the
bay-window of the drawing-room, and here
the happy young couple stood while the Rev.
A. J. Wells performed the marriage ceremony.
The bride wan attended by Miss Helen Hurd,
a little miss of five summers, who officiated as
maid of honor, and T. L. Ely acted as Dest man.
The bride, a handsome brunette, was attired
in an elegant gown of cream-white crepe,
trimmed with chiffon and orange blossoms,
A feature of the wedding was the entire ab
sence of the regular customs observable at
bridal ceremonies.
At the conclusion of the ceremony which
made the happy young couple man and wife,
the fair young bride offered all present a tiny
goblet of sherry with which to pledge her
health. The sherry was poured irom a cut
glass decanter that has done similar Rervice
for the past 200 years.
Mr. and Mrs. Parker leave this morning for
a southern bridal tour, and expect to sail on
the 27th inst. for their future homo in Central
America.
Among those present at the wedding were:
Wr. and Mrs. John Hurd, Mr. and Mrs. W. L.
Van Bergen, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Loring, Mr.
and Mrs. C. Dititey, Mr. and Mrs. Chester Wil
liams, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Hooper, Mr. and
tin, W. P. Shaw, Mr. and Mrs. ft. J. Hovey,
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Doane, Mr. and Mrs. Pedro
Bruni, Mr. and Mrs. J. U. Castlen, Mr. and
Mrs. a. W. Robinson, Dr. and Mrs. B. W.
Uaines, Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Johnson, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Springer, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Reed,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Engels, Colonel and Mrs.
F. J. fcean, Miss E. Macdonald, Miss V. Har
mon, Miss A. Kaufman, Miss G. Harrison,
>dolph Meyers. General Barillas, O. R. Jones,
lon r. 3OHM, Judge M. C. Blake, T. L. Ely, J.
( Muehe, C. H. Miles, H. P. Taylor. W. J.
(.'Utnnane, W. G. Mugan, W. E. Bridge, Dr.
Kowal, G. L. Beels, J. P. Bean. J. C. Terry, Dr.
J. A. Black, G. Bell, L. Bell, W. J. Phelps, X.
11. Brown, Mr. Bowl, W. J. Gunn, Dr. R. 11.
(lement, F. J. Hillerbrandt, F. Kaufman, C.
1 . Smurr, A. K. Coney, A. D. Shepnrd.
A pretty and interesting little home wed
rting was that of Miss E. May Cogswell, daugh
ter of Dr. Cogswell, and J. H. Sammi, solem
nized last evening at 9 o'clock at the resi
[■euce of the bride's father, 3110 Clay street,
Key. Dr. Williams officiating.-
Che home was elaborately decorated for the
r-ccasion, each room boasting a distinct color
&nd design.
: In the drawing-room, where th« ceremony
i"-'as performed, pink was the prevailing tone.
J'he adjoining reception-room was beautiful in
;;00l lints of green and the supper-room glowed
rtith bright crimson blossoms.
The bride, a tail, handsome girl, with soft
brown eyes, delicate skin and distingue ap
pearance, was attired in a modiih gown of
white organdie over white silk. Two narrow
ruffles finished off the full plain sfcirt.
The corsage %vas made with a yoke of Maltese
iace and finished off at the neck ■with a satin
■tuck. Lilies of the valley were fastened at
■he neck and confined the veil to the coiffure.
Miss Cogswell was attended by Miss Eva
iVorth, who appeared as maid of honor, and
4 iss Adeline Wilkin*, who acted a" bridesmaid.
Edward Sullivan was best man i-nd Thomas
rvine groomsman.
Mr. Sammi, who If connected w*th the Dem
ning-Palmer Milling Company, H'.d Is one of
he best-known local anglers and 'log-fanciers,
will take his bride on a visit to >'3wYork for
he honeymoon. On their return Ir. and Mra.
Sammi will occupy their new home on Oak
street.
Miss Florence Hammond and Stanley Adder
ley were married yesterday at noon at St.
Luke's Church on Van Ness avenue, Rector
Moreiand officiating. Roses— pink, red and
delicate white— adorned the altar and wreathed
the chancel rail, and made a pleasing and
bright decoratioii The church was comfort
ably filled by the many friends of the young
couple.
The bride, who is a handsome demi-blonde,
talented and accomplisned, is the daughter of
the late Baron Hammond. ,
Mr. Adderley, the happy man, is a native ot
Nassau, the capitaljof the Bahama Islands,
where he has large land interests.
He first came to San Francisco on a visit to
his aunt, Mrs. Peat, and became so enamored
of this City that he not only decided to take
up his residence here, but also induced his
people to settle here. „
Miss Emily Hammond and Miss Frances
Hammond, sisters of the bride, officiated as
bridesmaids. P. H. Peat, the well-known
yachtsman, was best man.
John Peat, Harold Adderley and Fred and
Harry Hammond were the ushers.
The bride was attired in a pretty simple
Jtown of white organdie over white silk. A
belt of satin ribbon clasped the slender waist
and fell in two long ends to the hem of the
jupe. A veil and orange blossoms completed
the pretty costume. The bridesmaids were at
tired alike in dotted mull gowns over pink
silk. They wore becoming white mull hats
raised coquettishly at the side with bunches of
pink roses. Those present at tne wedding in
cluded: Mrs. Flint, Miss Martin. Mrs. Ziel,
Mr. and Mrs. Moore (British Vice-Consul), Mr.
and Mrs. Gustav Ziel, Mrs. Baum, Mrs. and tne
Misses Strauch, Mrs and the Misses Wilson,
Miss Reynolds, R. Hellman, Mr. Pace, Mrs.
Roussy, Mrs. and the Misses McAlpin, Mr. and
Mrs. Everett, Mr. and Mrs. L. Osborn, E. Os
born, Mrs. Austin, Mr. and Mrs. George Ehr
horn, Mrs. Ehrhorn and the Misses Ehrhorn,
W. McGanley, J. McGanlev, Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Ganley, Mrs." Ham, Mrs. Middleton, Mrs. and
Miss Hittell, Miss Vere, Miss Bleidorn, Mr. and
Mrs. Blackenburg, Mr.^and Mrs. Colin Ross,
Mrs. Bustamente and the Misses Escobar, Mr.
and Mrs. George Hellmann, Gaston Roussy.
The wedding of Miss Alice Bonner, daughter
of the late Charles Bonner.and Arthur Pawson,
secretary of the United States Powder Com
pany, was quietly celebrated last evening at 9
o'clock, at the residence of the bride's sister,
Mrs. E. M. Lindsay, 1114 Post 6treet. Rev. Mr.
Miel ot the Episcopal church of Sausalito, an
old friend of the groom, performed the cere
mony, in the presence only of the relatives of
the contracting parties.
The bride wore an elegant gown of white
satin, elaborately trimmed with tulle and
lace.
She was attended by Miss Stella Locnn, who
officiated as maid of honor, and Miss Geraldine
Bonner and Miss Martha Wagner, who acted
as bridesmaids.
The maid of honor wore a modiste gown of
pink mull over white silk and the bridesmaids
were attired alike in white mull over pfnlc
silk.
Mr. and Mrs. Pawson will go south on their
bridal tour and on their return will make their
home in this City.
There were two notable events at the Cliff
House restaurant last night. General For
sytne. U. S. A., gave a pleHsant dinnerparty
and Police Commissioner Moses Gunst cele
brated his tin wedding in the same pleasant
way.
THE SAMOAN CAME BACK
One Drainpipe Carries Away
and the New Deckhouses
Sprunk Aleak.
Prospect of Cargo Sprouting in the
Hold and Mildew in the Skip
per's Bunk.
The American barkentinc Samoan does
not appear to carry a protective cherub
sitting up aloft in the role of a marine
mascot, or at least the the small chap does
some deep sleeping on watch.
Last year the vessel, sailing under the
British colors, a bark rig and the name of
Sharpshooter, swung into a bit of a pale
on the Mexican coast that blew her flag,
rig and name clean out of her.
She was repaired, and last Tuesday she
returned to sea bound for Maryborough
with a cargo of wheat. Last night she
came back to port aleak.
When about twenty-five miles off the
Farralon Islands, durine a high sea and
heavy northwest gale, the pantry drain
pipe burst. It is not a large tube, but
when the barkentine rolled to that side
con siderable water went into the hull.
Added to this, the new deckhouse began
to leak when the water went aboard.
Captain Kustel tried to plug up the
drain-pipe and calk the deck, but could
not keep the water out.
It trickled into his cargo and dripped
into his bunk, and the prospect of reach
ing his destination with the wheat indus
trously sprouting in the told and the mil
dew crowing in his blankets was not allur
ing to the mariner. So he "wore-ship"
and returned to port, getting to anchorage
off Powell-street wharf last night about 6
o'clock.
Captain Kustel thinks that the leaking
places can be repaired in a couple of days,
when the vessel will proceed on her voyage.
A Royal House-
F. L. Turpin, one of our most popular
hotel men, having conducted tlie Capitol
House for the past eighteen years, is now
having very extensive improvements made
on the Royal House, 126 Ellis street, a
five-story modern brick building, a few
doors below the Y. M. C. A. building.
An electric elevator has just been com
pleted which runs from the office on second
floor, thus supplying a long-felt want.
The elevator is of tne very latest design,
tlie cage being made of grillwork, with
beveled mirrors on each side. It appears
to be one of the handsomest elevators.
A fact which will please the many
friends and acquaintances of Mr. Turpin,
whose accommodations were always taxed
to their lull capacity, is a six-story addi
tion to the Royal House.
The new building, which is now in the
course of construction, will cover a lot
40x60 feet, adjoining and connecting at
each floor with the Royal. All the rooms
will contain the latest improvements.
The entire buildine being lighted with
electricity and fitted with electric call
beils.etc, the Royal will be one of the best
appointed of modern rooming-houses. ♦
NUGGETS AND
VEINS OF GOLD
Thousands of Square Miles
Said to Be Teeming
With Them.
IN THE MOJAVE DESERT
Steady Influx of Prospectors
Into the New and Rich
Diggings. ,
LACK OF WATER A DRAWBACK.
Mountains Said to Be Literally
Streaked With the Auriferous
Quartz.
Gold in nuegets and gold in veins in
such profusion and obtainable over so
large an area as has never before been
known in all the rich and remarkable finds
of California and Australia is the sub
stance of reports from that section of Kern
County which lies a little north of due
east from Mojave, and about forty miles
distant from that city.
In this desert and hilly region placer
and quartz diggings are now being worked,
said George F. Weeks of the Bakersheld
Californian in «n interview in this City,
that for richness and extent exceeds any
thing previously recorded in the mining
history of the world.
Tne development of this region is said to
have only begun, yet it is known that the
auriferous deposits extend for at least
twenty-five miles, east and west, while its
latitudinal boundaries have not yet been
defined.
At the present time there is said to be a
steady influx of prospectors, including in
many cases entire families. Mojave's ho
tel accommodations are entirely inade
quate, notwithstanding that from three to
four stages leave there daily, full of pil
grims for the latest gold-hunter's Mecca.
From fifty to one hundred people depart
daily from there, and this human current
has been maintained for some time.
It has long been known that this region
i* a promising field for the prospector and
for mining operations on a large scale,
but the lack of water has heretofore been
an effective deterrent. This obstacle to
comfortable living as well as to profitable
mining has now been to a great extent
overcome. It is true that the nearest
point from the mineral belt at which
water is obtainable is twelve miles, but as
its use for placer mining is unnecessary in
view of the fact that "dry washing" is
very successfully carried on in this region,
it has been found practicable to haul the
necessary supply on carts in barrels.
Delivered at the mines water costs $2 a
barrel. Teams can haul half a dozen bar
rels at a time and can make two trips a
day. Eventually, however, it is expected
to utilize the water from the more distant
mountains, and it is proposed to bore
welis. For the latter purpose a well-bor
ing plant is now on the ground, capable of
drilling to a depth of 1700 feet. There is
the fullest confidence that water will be
struck long before that distance is reached.
Both at Mojave and in the mining sec
tion women and children as well as men
sleep out of doors without discomfort, be
ing forced to this course by inadequate
hotel accommodations and the lack of
tents in the camps.
One miner who had been to the diggings
but a short time was seen in Bakersfield
last week by Mr. Weeks with a buckskin
purse four inches long filled with cold
dust and nuggets, one of the latter being
worth $80.
The mining camp is in a section of
rather low hills, and the valleys between
are where the placer mines are being
worked. The valley tracts are apparently
the washings from the neighboring hills,
and the hills are said to be literally seamed
with the precious yellow metal. In some
cases veins can be traced from a hilltop to
where the valley and hill seem to join.
Here the vein disappears only to reappear
on the farther edge of the valley, where it
can be easily followed up the slope of the
next hill.
In these valleys the gravel and soil is so
devoid of moisture that it makes dry
washing not only practicable but exceed
ingly efficacious and profitable. The pro
cess consists of running the gold-bearing
gravel and soil over an apron lined with
quicksilver, the latter retaining the free
gold in amalgamation.
Rich quartz veins are said to be in sight
everywhere, though at the present time,
owing to tne lack of water, but three or
four mills of small capacity are in opera
tion.
In some portions of the camp the claim
monuments are so thick that from a dis
tance they appear like stakes in a vineyard.
In this connection the Bakersfield Cali
fornian in its next issue will publish the
following in its editorial columns:
Kern County is at present the scene of the
commencement of a mineral development,
which there is the best reason for believing
will result ere long in giving this region as
wide a fame as any mining locality in the
country and the building up of mining camps
of large proportions. Already mines are pro
ducing good results in the Aqua Caliente,
Randsburg, Goler and other "new" districts,
while in the older ones, such as Hnvilah, Keys
ville, Greenhorn, Kernviile, etc., development
of the most promising character is under way.
Every day almost notes the discovery of new
and rich mineral deposits of the most promis
ing charucter.
The amount of mineral-bearing territory in
this county is immense, covering as it does the
entire eastern half and extending overseverai
thousands of square miles.
The deposits thot have so far been worked
have been proved to be permanent and >f large
size, and the number is constantly being
adaed to.
But little attention has been paid outside
the county to these rich mines. The owntrs
have not sought newspaper notoriety, and as a
consequence mines ana mining camps that,
had they been exploited through the columns
of the press, would have caused an excitement
second to none, are scarcely known outside a
very limited circle.
That California, in common with the other
mineral-producing States of the West, is on the
eve of a big mining boom, cannot be doubted.
Every indicatiou points to that fact. It will
not be a wildcat boom, either, but one founded
upon the most solid basis— that of permanent
and well-paying mines.
The Williams Cases Consolidated.
Judge Morrow decided yesterday that the
four indictments against Dick Williams, the
customs Inspector, should be consolidated.
An order to that effect was accordingly made.
The court held that as the charges were prac
tically the same the Government would be
saved a great expeuso by the consolidation.
Williams' attorney contended that such action
would be an injustice to his client, for the rea
son that the jury might take into considera
tion the old adage of smoke and fire. Judge
Morrow thought differently, however, and the
opinion as recorded was rendered.
Chosen Friends' Picnic.
The Order of Chosen Friends will give a pic
nic on Saturday, June 27, at San Jose. The pro
ceeds of this picnic will b« devoted to mem
bers of the order who were injured iv the late
disaster at St. Louis. The order has 2800 mem
bers In St. Louis, and as many became home
less and houseless, while a good many are in
jured, it is expected that over 1000 people will
attend the picnic.
1 '^:-^jUL^£^^^J^^ JnSW TO-DAT— GOODS.
TO BACKTUP
SUCH SELLING THERE
MUST BE MERIT IN
THE GOODS.
We advertised in the Sunday papers of this week special sales of DRESS
GOODS, SHEETS AND CASES, HOSIERY and last week of the MAYER
STOCK. We expected big trading, but we scarcely could hope for the whole
city patronage. The more the merrier— welcome all. But if only a few
could come mornings we could serve you much better. Don't miss a line
in this ad if you are studying saving.
SPECIALTO=DAY
We will place on sale to-day 50 pieces of 45c FANCY CHEVIOT SUITINGS, Ar\
guaranteed all wool and full 36 inches wide I UP
NOTE.— That each customer may have a share we place a limit of not more luU
tnan 10 yards to each. Positively none sold to the trade. Special price. .
Yard
TWILL STJITING-Fancy mixtures, gnar- I FANCY SUITING— A special line; we sold 1 CO
anteed all pure wool, full 36 inches wide, Ore | it all season for 25c. Our price for the 10
good as 50c usually gets even here. £O I people . .. Yard
Special Yard ' """"" "
EMBROIDERY TO=DAY.
SWISS AND CAMBRIC EMBROID- SWISS AND CAMBRIC EMBROID-
. ERY EDGE, 3to 4 Incnes wide, ERY EDGE, 4to 10 Inches wide,
value 12% c. Very special— value 25c. Very special to-day—
7lc Yard. \2lc Yard.
BIG THINGS IN DOMESTICS TO-DAY.
APRON GINGHAMS. COTTON CHALLIE. WHITE LAWN.
Regular 614 c, light and Regular 10c, with a dimity
Regular 614 c a yard, 27- da/k floral designs. Come cord and satin s>rlpe, a
inch, "Vive la Gingham," early for this. swell combine and very
special—
4c Yard. 4^c Yard. 7^c Yard.
•mmmimmm^^mm^^^^^^tmt^^mma * a " nM>lal> * BBl>ln>laa^ B m^mmmma^m^^tmm^mmmmm—mm^
CLOAKS.
THREE MORE DAYS FOR THE MAYER STOCK.
59 LADIES' BOUCLF. JACKETS, black 29 LADIES' MATTLESA JACKETS—
and navy, 24 inches long, big lined throughout with black silk,
sleeves, velvet collar, ripple bade, K.OO some trimmed with fur. Mayer's
sizes 32 to 42, elegant value* at *S>O price from $12 BO to $22 50. Our 50
$10 50. Our price to close Each price to close ;..tJ)O— ■
57 LADIES' BALTIC SEA FUR
CAPES, collar of back Thibet and 21 LADIES' CAPES, 34 Inches long,
edged down front, 1. 0-inch sweep, light and dark colors. Mayer's price
22 inches long: Mayer's price from <Jj» "I 0.00 $8 to $12 50. Our price at commence- C&0.33
$22 50 to $32 50. Our price to close «]p -LZ. ment of sale $3 50.' Price now toO— • —
«1050 and Each close is Each
• " : - : •
g INCORPORATED.
937* 939, 94*. 943* 945 Market Street.
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES ON
TAN SHOES
AT THE
MONARCH.
KXTKA SPECIAI, OFFERING
THIS WEEK.
Radios* Tan Kid Cloth Top Oxford Ties.
Needle Toe, V->haped Tip, Hand-Turned
Soles, in all sizes and widths, at 81.45.
BEST VALUES IN THE: CITY
In Misses' Tan Shoes.
Ill*';- 5
Misses' Tan Button, Spring Heel, Narrow
Square Toe, V-Shaped Tip. Straight
Foxed, very stylish and good wearers.
Sizes 11 to 2 »1,15
Ladies' Russet Oxford, Pointed Toe,
V-Shaped Tip, Turned Soles,
Sizes 2% to ?.. 950
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite* Odd Fellows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
PRUNES!
Extra Fine French Prunes, 6 lbs for. . . 25c
Regular price 10c per lb. ,
BEST BUTTER, squares .30c
Best Butter, rolls 25c
HIRE'S ROOT BEER, per bottle 10c
French Castile Soap, per bar. . . 20c
Regular price 40c.
HIGH-GRADE TEAS, per lb ........ 45c
Regular price 60c.
ROBINSON &. KNOX,
1928 and 1930 Market St.
900-006 Valencia St., Corner 20th.
Jggpgjsry wiLcox compound
TV WiliCOX COMPOUND
ANSY9PSLLS
»«^,i«n Saf * and SURE. Always ratable. Take
BOStlDstltute, .{•orsalebyalldruegistJi. $2.00. Send
4c. for Woman-* Safeguard. W'll.CCtX SPECIFIC
CO., 218 SOUTH EIGHTH ST.. Pn^LADA.. PA.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION
SORE THROAT
BA7A AD \
DnL A Al\
TOP Oil
notch- Ben-Hnr
ERS 1
ERSI Bicycles
$85^
$10 DOWN AND
$2 PER WEEK.
Absolutely high grade. Made In all
height of frames for
LADIES OR GENTS.
A FEW '95'S
I/EFT AT
$60 00-
SAME CONDITIONS AS ABOVE.
OOSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite U. a Mint, 100 and 10'J Fifth -' St., - S*a
Francisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la
me city. Board and room. $1, $1 25 and $1 50 par
day according to room. Meals 25a Booms, •> Ja
and 750 a day. -Free coach to ana from the hot«U
.Look for toe coaoh beari nz the name of tha Co*.
1 mopoUtau Hotel. WIL b\\U.K Y. rroprieloc.
WED.DINQ
Invitations Announcements. Cards, t ?o Encravp.l
and directions for correct form, modern wpdrtinJi
■MBBaSSSSgg6£B6
wa>n ordering mention ! iTi.l
NOTARY PUBLIC. ~~