VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 56.
APPLY THE LASH
TO THE SULTAN.
Senators Protest Against
the Cruel Massacres
of Christians.
CULLOM IS APPALLED.
Crimes Unparalleled for Ages
Committed in the Turk
ish Empire.
FRYE'S MOST FIERY SPEECH.
If Necessary the United States Should
Send. Warships to Protect
Americans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.—
concurrent resolution reported last
Wednesday from the Committeee on
Foreign Relations on tho subject of the
Armenian outrages was taken up in the
Senate to-day and was passed after a highly
interesting discussion.
Cullom (R.) of Illinois, a member of
that committee, addressed the Senate. He
faid that he was amazed, astonished and
appalled at the brief accounts which he
had had of the awful carnival of havoc,
destruction and bloodshed which had pre
vailed for a time in a country with which
the United States maintained amicable
relations. The concurrent and accumu
lated testimony of hundreds and thousands
of intelligent people, Christian and Jew,
Catholic and Protestant, European and
American, made it absolutely certain that
a massacre of innocents, unparalleled for
ages, had been perpetrated in the Armenian
provinces of Turkey ; fire and sword had
swept away over many square miles of
territory the last vestige of Armenian
human life.
Over 200 villages the demon of dam
nation and fanaticism had spread ruin,
desolation and death. The English Gov
ernment had a direct obligation resting on
it to protect the Armenians, and yet noth
ing had been done by it nor by any of the
other powers looking to the enforcement of
their treaty obligations beyond mere dip
lomatic correspondence between them and
the Sultan. It had therefore seemed to the
Committee on Foreign Relations that it
could J3o nothing Jess than appeal to the
powers' to" carry out their pledges as it did
in the concurrent resolution. As to the
right of the United States to protect its
citizens everywhere, no odds were asked
from any nation on earth.
Cullom quoted from a speech of Daniel
Webster these words: "There is some
thing among men more capable of shaking
despotic power than the lightning, the
whirlwind, the earthquakes, and that is
the excited and aroused indignation of the
whole civilized world. "And he added that
he knew of nothing which had happened
in the world for centnries that more called
for interference than these slaughters of
Armenian Christians.
Blanchard (D.) of Louisiana thought
that the resolution did not go far enough,
and intimated that the Committee on
Foreign Relations had been slow in its re
port. The committee was defended by
Frye (R.) of Maine, wbo made a very fiery
speech against the Sultan and against the
European Governmenst, which had not in
terfered to protect the Armenians. He said
if he had his way the American Congress
would -nemonalize Russia to take posses
sion of the Armenian provinces and would
inform her that the United States would
stand behind her in doing so. And he de
clared that if it were necessary to protect
American citizens and their property in
Turkey he would order United States ships
of war, in spite of ports and in spite of
agreements as to the closing of the Dar
danelles, to place themselves before Con
stantinople and to give that protection to
which American citizens are entitled.
The concurrent resolution was passed
without a division and now goes to the
House. It expresses the earnest hope that
European concert may speedily be given
its just effect in such decisive measures as
shall stay the hand of fanaticism ana law
less violence and shall secure the rights of
the unoffending Christians of the Turkish
empire.
ENGLAND ALMOST ISOLATED.
It Is Said That Italy Is -Vote Her Only
Ally.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 24.— dis
patch to the Sun from London says that
the report of an alliance between Russia
and Turkey has caused a great political
sensation. A few years ago such an al
liance would have promptly resulted in
a declaration of war, but now it is be
lieved tbat the only action that will
be taken by England will be a vigorous
protest.
England's only ally now will be Italy.
France is believed to be committed to the
new Eastern alliance, and Germany will
not be friendly to Great Britain. It is be
lieved that the next step will probably be
a demand by the three allies, Russia, Tur
key and France, for England to evacuate
Egypt, and then a serious European crisis
will arise.
THE BRITISH CABINET MEETS.
Information Received Erom the Elying
Squadron's Commander.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 24.— A meeting of
the Cabinet was held at the Foreign Office
at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Lord Salisbury
presiding. Previous to the Cabinet meet
in-; a conference was held between Right
Hon. George J. Goschen, First Lord of the
Admiralty, the. Naval Board and Rear-
Admiral Alfred T. Dale, commander of the
flying squadron. /z-z-A/Ty/
--
ONLY AS INDIVIDUALS.
How Red Cross Workers Can Distribute
Aid to Armenians.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.—Secre
tary Olney has received from Mr. Terrell,
United States Minister at Constantinople,
a cablegram saying that while the Porte
refuses permission to the Red Cross So- .
The San Francisco Call.
ciety as such to distribute relief to Ar
menia he will permit any persons whom
Mr. Terrell names and approves to dis
tribute relief, provided that the Turkish
authorities be kept informed as to what
they are doing. This concession of the
Turkish Government materially simplifies
the Armenian situation with regard to the
efforts of Clara Barton in the discretionary
power given Minister Terrell. The Minis
ter will undoubteuly designate Miss Bar
ton and the members of her party now on
their way to Southampton.
HEAVY SNOW AND FLOODS.
An Unusually Severe Winter in Asia
nor.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tubkey, Jan. 24.—
The representative of the United Press
learns that the moratorium recently grant
ed by the Government will not be renewed
and that all obligations will have to be
met at the expiration of the time for which
the moratorium was granted. The Levant
Herald says the winter in Asia Minor is
unusually severe. Heavy snowfalls and
floods have blockaded the roads and travel
is often impossible.
Four of the Consuls at Aleppo made the
journey to Aintab, and were a full week in
traversing the distance. Ordinarily it
takes only three days to make the journey.
Their muleteer was frozen to death. The
Consuls expected to reach Marash Sunday.
TAyTAMOUXT TO A TREATY.
An Understanding Reached Between
Russia and Turkey.
LONDON, Em*:, Jan. 24.— dispatch to
the Central News from Constantinople
says that in an interview to-day Halil
Rafaat Pasha, the Grand Vizier, declared
that the rumor of an offensive and defen
sive treaty between Russia and Turkey
was absolutely unfounded. Such a treaty
had neither been concluded nor meditated.
In well-informed circles this statement
is believed to be probably a mere diplo
matic quibble. The arrangement between
the two powers may. not be embodied in a
treaty, but it is coming to be generally be
lieved that an understanding exists be
tween them that is tantamount to a treaty.
THEY WILL FIGHT A DUEL.
M. Henri Rochefort and M. Edouard Dru
mont to Meet on the Field of
Honor.
LONDON. Eng.. Jan. 24.-The Chronicle
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Paris saying that a duel is impending be
tween M. Henri Rochefort, the widely
known editor of the Intransigeant, and M.
Edouard Drumont, also a well-known
literary man. V ;. ii"
The trouble arose from a violent news
paper squabble between M. Rochefort and
Mme. Severine, a writer for the French
press, M. Drumont having constituted
himself the champion of the latter. ;...•>•
Both M. Rochefort and M. Drumont
have fought duels before.
i CRUELTY OE BESIEGERS.
Shoans Cut off the Hands of Hires
■ -*■•'-''■ •' Captives. ■ t [ .
ROME, Italy, Jan. 24.— Advices, from
Massowah state that the situation at
MaKalie is; unchanged. The Shoans in
vesting the Italian fortress have redoubled
their vigilance, to prevent the Italians
sending out any. news. The Shoans cut
off the hands of three men they captured,
and also captured and shot a messenger
who was endeavoring to get into the
Italian fortress to carry news to Major
Galliano, the commandant, of his promo
tion to colonel.
Condolence to the Queen.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 24.— Foreign
Office has issued the following :
"The President of the United States of
America, having, received through. Sir
Julian Pauncefote, the British Embassador
at Washington, the mournful tidings of
the death of his Royal Highness, Prince
Henry of Battenburg, immediately made
expression through the Hon. Thomas F.
Bayard, United States Embassador to the
Court of St. James, of his sincere condo
lence to the Queen."
Rioting at Eort au Prince.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Jan. 24. — The
steamer Hordel has arrived here from
Gonaives, Hayti. She is specially char
tered to bring to this port a party of Hay
tiens. The captain* reports "continued
serious rioting in the streets of Port au
Prince for the past few days. Gonaives is
quiet as yet. The. Government is exer
cising a strict censorship over news.
SHOT A FARMER'S SON
Brutal Murder and Robbery Com
mitted by an Outlaw in
Oklahoma.
Rattlesnake Bill Believed to Be the
Culprit and a Posse Is in
Pursuit. '
WICHITA, Kans., Jan. 24.— A brutal
murder occurred at Isabella, Oklahoma,
last night, the victim being Howard Rob
erts, the 14-year-old son of J. C. Roberts.
The murder was committed by a masked
bandit, who rode up to Roberts' door late
at night and called upon him toopeu.it.
Roberts refused to comply and the robber
began to fire through the door. Finally
the robber kicked the door in, and cover
ing Roberts with his revolvers, demanded
his money, but the boy failed to find it.
Exasperated at the delay, the robber de
liberately shot him in the mouth. The
boy's tongue was almost torn away by
the bullet, which passed through his neck.
"Get me the money you got for your
cattle to-day or I'll serve you the same
way," said the bandit. Roberts hastily
complied, giving up $280 and his gold
watch. The murderer then jumped upon
his horse and firing several random shots
toward Roberts galloped away.
A posse of several hundred farmers fol
lowed the bandit's trail, all day and his
capture seems certain. The boy lingered
in creat agony through the nieht and died
at 1 o'clock this morning. The desperado
is thought to be Bill Thompson, alias
Rattlesnake Bill, an old cowboy, who has
committed several murders in the Terri
tory. Rattlesnake Bill was pursued into
Mexico by the officers two years ago. '.'
Reported in Bad Repute.
YORK, Pa., Jan. 24.— York Build
ing and Loan Association' is reported to be
in bad repute. It is said sllß,ooo: has been
paid in and probably not a cent of this will
be saved to the ones who paid it.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 25, 1896.
John Bull — "Well, I'll be blowed!"
COUNSEL FOR
THE ACCUSED
That Is Recommended for
the .Americans Impris
oned at Pretoria.
■•■ '-.■>.;...,:.. ■-,-.■■
CALIFORNIANS ACTIVE.
Secretary Olney Not Permitted
to Relax Efforts to Secure
Protection.
TELEGRAMS ARE YET RECEIVED
4/ ■
Nearly All the Members of the Reform
Committee Will Be Released
on Bail. ." .
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— The
resolutions adopted by the Gold Mining
Exchange at San Francisco concerning
John Hays Hammond . and other Ameri
cans arrested by the Boer Government
were received by wire this morning by
each member of the California delegation.
Senators White and Perkins prepared, a
letter to Secretary Olney, transmitting the
resolutions, and it was signed by Repre
sentatives Johnson, 7 Loud, Maguire,
Bowery, McLachlan, Hil born, Barham
and the two Senators. The letter was as
follows:
"The members of the above, association
are permanent citizens of California and
men of standing. We have informed all
our friends and all who have correspond
ence with us that the State Department is
exerting itself to the utmost in behalf of
the accused Americans in the Transvaal.
There is one matter suggested by this dis
patch which possibly may be worthy of
further consideration, ' vi--. : The employ
ment of proper counsel to guard the inter
est of the accused. It ; may. be that the
fact that Hammond and others are de
tained renders it difficult for them to per
sonally act in their own defense. >
"We desire to further suggest for your
determination that possibly our people
would be better satisfied if counsel were
employed at our direct instigation. It is
asserted with some force that the great
interest taken in this matter by our Gov
ernment would .be more obvious and ac
centuated if we pursue that course, than
it would should we rely upon the friendly
offices of others, however ' potential these
miehtbe.". - ,"■,.';,;-/,
Senator Perkins said to-night:
"It is well known here that Secretary
Olney. has taken a very great interest in
the case of the imprisoned Americans, and
is making every effort in the power of the
State Department to assist them. Our
Consul and consular agent in South Africa
have been telegraphed "to e*xerclse every
means at their disposal to secure fair treat
ment for the accused."
Telegrams urging action in their behalf
still continue to pour in upon Perkins.
Hamilton Smith has telegraphed seven
times from Monte Carlo. All or nearly all
of these have been placed before Secretary
Oiney, and be is kept advised of all the
news that may come into possession of the
California delegation.
LONDON, Ej*g., Jan. 24. — The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Pretoria saying that all the members of
the reform committee who were arrested
at Johannesburg would be admitted to
bail on Friday, with the exception of Louis
Phillips, president of the Chamber of
Mines; Colonel Francis W. Rhodes, brother
of Cecil 7 Rhodes. ex-Prime ' Minister of
Cape Colony; Percy Farrar, proprietor of
the South African paper, 2 Country Life,
and John Hays Hammond, the American
mining engineer. . The dispatch adds that
the inquiry in the case of those arrested
will probably take place on Wednesday
next, after which most of the accused will
be liberated.
PRETORIA, South Afbica, Jan. 24.—
General Jubert, commander-in-chief of the
forces of the South African Republic, in a
speech at Heilbron, in which he thanked
the burghers, said that ';[ the raid of Dr.
Jameson and his followers was not the
work of honorable British residents, but
was a cunning; and insidious attempt to
overthrow law and order? \ % - . , , ; .
Dispatches from^pba^nfiaburg j repre
sent matters as qtiict ther*, but a feeling
of unrest prevails throughout the populace
and the unemployed are becoming danger
ous. They are leaving . the "city |in small
parties, but their destination or object can
not be ascertained. r ,
(P-z-iAP- » .... ■•....•....
THOMAS MEIN ARRESTED.
Held as One of the Chief Conspirators in
Jameson's Raid.
POTSDAM, ; N. . V., Jan. 24.— A dis
patch received here announces the arrest
and imprisonment .of ■■■ Thomas Mem, - a
native of Louisville, St. Lawrence County,
as one of the chief conspirators in Dr.
Jameson's raid- No ! details have been
received by his brothers, except that bail
in his case has been refused. Mr. Mem's
brothers will try to secure his release
through the Department of State.
Thomas Mem is about 50 years old. He
is well known. as a mining engineer. He
went to California and engaged in gold
mining about thirty years ago. He man
aged some of the largest gold mining prop
erties there, and later took charge of sev
eral large mines in Venezuela. From
Venezuela he went to Alaska, and thence
to South Africa. Mr. Mem had control of
6000 men in South Africa.
ESCAPED FROM THE MOB
Two Murderers Had a Close Call
in a Suburb of St.
Louis.
The Constable Surrendered, But the
Prisoners Whipped Up the Horse
■". in Time to Escape. 7 '
St. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 25, 1 o'clock a. m.—
An almost successful attempt was made
last night; to lynch Sam Foster, colored, <
and Peter Smith, ; white, who murdered
B. E. Atwater of Chicago, Thursday night,
at Webster Grove, ; a suburb. After the
inquest yesterday, the situation ; became so
threatening that it was decided to bring
the prisoners to this city for safety. They
were handcuffed together and started for
the city' in a wagonette, driven by Con
stable Fielson. • Ppzy p,..- .
When within six miles of the city limits
at 7:30 o'clock p. m. the conveyance was
stopped suddenly by a mob of sixty armed
men who demanded the prisoners. Con
stable Fielson surrendered, but the prison
ers began whipping the horse and started
off on the run. A volley was fired after
them and one shot struck the negro in the
right hip. They were not pursued and
the horse fell, it being impossible tor them
to escape. They were finally overtaken
by Fielson and brought to the Four Courts,
this city, at 12:30 a; m. Foster fired the
shots that killed Atwater and admits his
guilt. Smith decoyed the dead man r to
his death.
VIOLATED BANKING : LAWS.
Books of a• ' Defunct Nebraska, Concern
yzyP Fraudulently Kept. A/:
BEATRICE, Nebe., Jan. 24.— State Bank
Examiner McGrew' has filed' his report on
the Bank of Blue Springs. He says 7 that
the bank is absolutely insolvent and has
been conducted in an unsafe and unsatis
factory manner;' that its books have been
falsely and fraudulently kept, f and that
false "statements have been made to the
State Banking Board 7 and published in
violation of thf. law." . v;.'\ 7 V " *
' ■'" He recommends the immediate appoint
ment: of- 1 a temporary receiver, and also
calls the attention of the County Attorney
to the flagrant violation Jof | law by 'J.* C.
Williams, president of the bank.
NOTED MEN TALK
IRRIGATION LAW
General Harrison Argues in
'Support of the Wright
40-7y7'::i;p6Act ' :.y: ..■-;-;;":
JUST CLEAR, COLD FACT.
Says California Had a : Right to
/a Take Charge of the , Water
• Supply.
ESTABLISHED BY DECISIONS.
Ex-Chief Justice Rhodes Also Upholds
the Constitutionality of the
• ""..' : .. Law.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— The
fact that ex-President Harrison was to ap
pear as an advocate before the Supreme
Court, of the United , States in the Cali
fornia irrigation cases was largely respon
sible for the throng which gathered about
the chamber "to-day. It was announced
before the court was opened that the time
for argument had been a second time ex
tended and that eight hours would be de
voted to the consideration of the cases.
This extension, it was expected, would per
mit. B. Percy Wright, who has charge of
the litigation in California, to take part in
the argument ' to-day and give Monday's
session to Joseph H. Choate and ex-Judge
J.F. Dillon in which to close the argu
ment for the two sides respectively.
Ex-Chief Justice Rhodes of California
resumed his argument in support of the
irrigation law and the validity of the pro
ceedings of the several district boards of
trustees thereunder. He reviewed the
history of public improvements in various
parts of the country to illustrate the con
tention that it, was not in Itself peculiar,
although applied to irrigation, and that
this analogous legislation had been, like
the Wright law, sustained by the courts.
Rhodes ' spoke almost :. an hour and was
followed by ex-President Harrison, who
advocated the constitutionality of the law.
He began his argument by saying:
"Notwithstanding all that has been said
about these cases, as to their nature, they
are in fact nothing but tax cases, present
ing the question whether or not the State
has power 7by its executive act to take a
portion of the citizens' property for -the
use, of the public. If there is anything
clearly established by the decisions of this
court it is that .the taxing power of the
State is a full one, the only limitations of
which are to be found in the constitution
of ►; the 7 State ;or of the United States. If
the power to levy the tax is challenged the
court -look for the limiting clause in
the State or Federal constitution. I If this
is not found to be something that contra
venes the j power, |as j used, then it must
pass the court unchallenged." ; ,
. As to the subject of the law General Har
rison said that in his opinion there was no
matter of a clearer use and purpose than
that of irrigation, and it was fully compe
tent by legislation to take charge of the
water supply for the purpose of using it
under ' regulations for the \ improvement
and development of ■:' the arid lands within
its - limits. If that legislation was so con
structed as to lie within the" limitations of
the State's authority and power, then,
said the speaker, it must pass the court.
"This court," he said, an opinion of
Justice Field so often quoted, 'is not a
harbor of refuge for ships laden with pas
sengers dissatisfied as to the expediency or
desirability of State legislation.' "
General Harrison proceeded to discuss
the first and second sections of the law to
demonstrate his assertion that the legisla
tion was wholly within the limitations
placed upon the authority and power of
the State, and the Supreme Court of the
State had so construed the statute several
times, which construction, he said, be
came a part of the statute for all the pur
poses of the Supreme Court of the United
States. 7//:
General Harrison occupied the attention
of the court for a few minutes less than an
hour, speaking without interruption. His
argument was purely a legal one and, be
cause of that fact, to some extent a disap
pointment to his listeners.
George H. Maxwell followed, speaking
for the aggrieved property-owners, who
invoked the protection of the fourteenth
amendment against the operation of the
Wright law, and he was followed by C. C.
Wright, the author of the act, in support
of the law. Maxwell and Wright did not
require all the remaining time of the ses
sion in which to make their arguments,
and Mr. Choate began the concluding ad
dress in opposition to the law at 3:45
o'clocic, speaking fifteen minutes before
the court adjourned until Monday.
The proposition on which Choate should
base his argument, he said, was that irri
gation for a district which did not need it
was not public use nor necessity, and that
a law which provided an irrigation system
for a district not needing it and assessing
the contiguous property to pay for its con
struction was an unconstitutional law.
DWYER MUST PAY DAMAGES.
David Gideon, the Racing Man, Obtains a
Verdict for Fifteen Thousand
Dollars.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 24.— The suit
brought by Day"'* Gideon, the racing man,
against * hilip J. Dwy.-r, president of the
Brook yn Jockey Caio, for $50,000 for slan
der, was tried before a Sheriff's • jury to
day. 77 'p7.
The defendant was not allowed to tes
tify as to whether he had used the words
attributed to him when he is supposed to
have said to Mr. Gideon: "You are no
sportsman. You were ruled off the track
at Nashville for fraudulent practices there
and had to leave the town."
The jury was out ten minutes and re
turned with a verdict for the plaintiff, Mr.
Gideon, for $15,000. An appeal will be
taken to the Court of Appeals.
ACCUSED OE JtEISG A SPY.
Arrest of a Correspondent in Caracas
. ■■' \p/ ,. While ' Taking I'hotographs. /it' " ?
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 24.— The Her
ald's correspondent in Caracas, Venezuela,
cables as follows: : ,'777 7
"I was arrested on Wednesday in La
Guayra while having some photographs
taken in the street. The pictures were
such as would depict scenes in the public
thoroughfares, but the camera apparently
excited the suspicion of the authorities.
"One of the prominent citizens of the
town followed me to the court where I was
taken... He knew me and tried to explain
that I was engaged in entirely lawful and
harmless work, but the Judge would not
permit him to . remain. j I was privately
examined by the Judge of the district;
He refused to believe that I was an Ameri
can, and stated that be had been informed
that British spies were already in the
country in large numbers,' and that one of
their chief purposes was to obtain photo
graphs of all works of defense.
"He added that to use scything but the
most rigid caution and scrutiny at such a
time as the present would argue that he
was lax 'in his sworn duty.' I was then
dispatched on a late train to Macuto, !
where President Crespo and his Cabinet
are staying. 7 "7.
"As soon as the chief officers of the Gov
ernment heard of my arrest and arrival in.
Macuto immediate orders were issued fo
my release, which was followed by the re
ception of an elaborate apology from the
Government. The police later stopped me j
when 1 attempted to get some photographs j
of bathing scenes on the beach at Macuto." I
DROWNED IN A STREAM.
The Fate of a Family in a Covered
Wagon.
' FORT WORTH. Tex., Jan. 24.— News
was received here this morning of the
drowning of an entire family in Prairie
Dog Fork of Red River, in Randall
County, on Wednesday. Joseph Wicker,
wife and two children attempted to ford
the stream in a covered wagon, but the
waters, swollen by recent rains, swept the
wagon down. The father attempted to
swim ashore with one child on his back,
but he sank to the bottom with his human
burden.
The mother and the other child re
mained in the wagon until it was over
turned, and both were drowned. Another
family, in a second wagon, turned back in
time to save themselves. They could give
no assistance to the Wickers.
THROUGH AN OPEN DRAW
Fearful Plunge of a Fire
Engine Into the Cuyahoga
River.
Two Members of the Crew Were
Injured and the Horses
Drowned.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 24.— A fire
engine with a crew of live men responding
to a call plunged through an open draw
of the Seneca-street bridge at 2:25 o'clock
this morning.
' Al Rose, driver, and ' Charles Cooledge,
one of the crew, were badly injured, but
the other three members of . the crew
miraculously, escaped by jumping.
: At j 2:20 o'clock this morning an alarm
of fire was turned in from Barrett's lum
ber yard, and Company No. 2 responded.
The route selected was by way of Seneca
street hill, at the bottom of which a draw
bridge spans the .Cuyahoga River. The
fireboat John Farley had started for the
Barrett yards. and in response to her sig-,
rial the draw was opened.
v The speed of the engine coming down
the steep hill was too great to be checked
in time to avert ; the plunge: The fireboat
saw the approaching /engine and stopped,
otherwise there would have been a collision
between the boat and engine oil the sur
face-, of " the river. The - engine with its
team arid the two men on the driver's seat
shot over the end of the bridge and down
forty-five feet to the water. The horses
were drowned. ; 7
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SURPRISED AND
TOOK A GARRISON
Cuban Insurgents Defeated
the Spanish Forces at
Sabanilla.
THREE WOMEN KILLED.
An Invasion of Many Towns in
the Province of Pinar
del Rio.
GEN. MACEO SOUTH OF HAVANA.
The Cruiser Reina Maria Christine
Has Bombarded Camps Near
the Coast.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. Details of the
attack by the insurgents upon Sabanilla,
between Matanzas and La Union, on
Wednesday last, have been received. Tb«
rebels burned the station and two or three
houses and looted several stores. The
garrison was surprised and defeated after
a hot fight, losing many killed and
wounded. Unfortunately three women
were killed by stray bullets.
Thirty-eight refugees have arrived here
on the schooner Maria Carmen from
Guane, on the south coast. They report
that the insurgents under the command of
Maceo, Miro, Gil, Tamayo and Zayas have
invaded many towns in the province of
Pinar del Rio, taking horses, arms and
supplies. Bands under Oliva and Laso
are operating on the north coast. Antonio
Maceo and his force are south of Havana.
The cruiser Reina Maria Christine has
bombarded rebel camps near the coast.
Three employes of the Western Railroad
arrived here to-day. Trains on that road
having stopped running they were com
pelled to walk all the way from the pro
vince of Pinar del Rio. They say that
stations, bridges, cars and other railway
property have been destroyed in the vicin
ity of San Cristobal. The tobacco crop has
not been injured directly, but the rebels
destroyed the means by which it could Do
operated. - :/T44 '-.■ 4-r.y
Maximo Gomez, the insurgent' com
mander-in-chief, is still betwesn Gnnnez
and Batabano, southeast of Havana.
Three columns of troops under Colonels
Linares, Aldecoa and Galvis," sighted
Gomez's camp on Wednesday and made
an attempt to draw the rebels into a fight.
Gomez,' however, declined battle and with
drew leisurely, but still quickly enough to
prevent the troops from catching him had
they been inclined to make the attempt.
Colonel Sanchez reports that the force
under his command has had a fight that
lasted six hours with a rebel band under
Aulet, near Cienftiegos. He states that
the rebel loss was twelve killed and fifteen
wounded. j The Spaniards lost eleven
horses. •
The general-in-ch-'ef to-day transferred
the press censorship from the political
office to military headquarters, giving as a
reason for doing so the quality of work
weighing upon the political office. Staff
Major Suarez lnclan is the new censor, he
succeeding Secretary Casanas, who has
treated the newspaper correspondents
with great courtesy. ■■' "7yp' J
An order was issued to-day prohibiting
coasting vessels to enter or leave the har
bor between sunset and sunrise.
The new military hospital that will ac
commodate 1000 patients, was opened here
yesterday.
- .: . ♦
VESSELS WILL BE ARMED.
Captains Who Resent Being Overhauled
*!/ the Spanish.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Jan. 24.—Cap
tain W. W. Keer, the counsel of the Hart
line of steamers, declared to-day that tho
steamers of that line will be fully armed
with guns, which will be used against the
Spanish if necessary. He said the acquittal
at Charleston yesterday of Captain Hughes
of the steamer. Laurada, of the charge of
carrying arms and men to Cuba will be
followed with similar verdicts here next
month in the case of the steamers Leon
and Horsa, because, as was shown in the
Laurada case, the vessels of the line have
done nothing wrong, and that the
"trumped up evidence" can justly have,
no weight with the jury.
INCREASING THE DUTIES.
Spain Raising Money to Meet the War
Expenses.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 24.— 1n order to
meet in part the expenses of the war in
Cuba, the Government has decided to in
crease the customs duties on goods im
ported into the island. The largest in
crease will be made in the duties on goods
imported from countries other than Spain
and the Spanish colonies. ';•;:.'";
OP EOS ED THE RESOLUTION.
j Some South ' Carolina Statesmen Not in
Sympathy With Cubans.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Jan. 24.-To-day in
the House of Representatives a stir was
created by opposition to the resolution ex
pressing sympathy for the Cuban patriots
and calling on Congress to recognize them
as belligerents. The few opponents of the
resolution took the ground that it was
none of their business to call on the Na
tional Government to recognize the Cubans
as belligerents. The resolution was adopt
ed by a rising vote, ninety-eight members
voting in favor of it. Two voted against
it, some eight or ten not voting. -: , •
To Open West River.
PEKING, China, Jan. 24.— The Chinese
Government has agreed to comply with the
demand of l Great Britain that the West
River be opened to commerce, but makes
the condition that China be allowed to re
tain the territory ceded under the Bermah-
Chinese convention of 1894. The. matter
has been referred to Lord Salisbury, the
British Prime Minister.
Cholera in Russia.
: ST. PETERSBURG, Rr-psiA, Jan. 24.—
The official cholera statistics for the week
ending January 18 show that there were
twenty-four new cases and ten. deaths. .',.2
GREAT SWEEP
OF WIND STORMS
Considerable Damage Done
in Northern and East
ern Sections.
FURY OF THE GALES.
Snowdrifts and Continuous Rain
fall Seriously Interfere
With Traffic.
FEARFUL TIME ON A TRAIN.
Portions of Car Roofs Blown Away
and Passengers Faint
From Fright.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 24.— high
windstorm, accompanied by rain, began
here about midnight last night and con
tinued all day. The heaviest downpour of
rain, accompanied by a 40-mile easterly
wind, occurred about 7 o'clock this morn
ing. Aside from blowing down a few
trees in the annexed district and ripping
up some dilapidated fences the storm did
little damage except to telegraph and tele
phone-wires. The storm was general
throughout Eastern and Southern New
Yon*. State and along the Jersey coast, but
no serious damage has been reported.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 24.— Reports
,state that a blizzard is raging in Southern
lowa, Eastern Kansas and throughout
Missouri. It extends as far south as Little
Rock, Ark. In Arkansas there has been
heavy rain, and railroad traffic has been
endangered. The storm has been most
severe in Missouri. In some places the
snowfall was over 10 inches in the past
twenty-four hours, high wind piling it
into drifts that have delayed railroad
traffic. In Southern lowa the temperature
has fallen 25 degrees since yesterday.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H. " Jan. 24.— The
worst easterly storm of the season assailed
this city to-night. The streets are filled
with water and slush and are almost im
passable. There is a heavy storm at sea.
It is impossible to learn whether any
marine disasters have occurred, as a tele
phone line between this city and Jerry's
Point life-saving station is down.
WINSTED, Com., Jan. 24.— The wind
blew a hurricane throughout Northwest
ern Connecticut and the southeastern part
of New York State to-day. At Copake,
N. V., the wind traveled at the rate of
sixty miles an hour. Upon the arrival
here this afternoon of train 2 on the Phila
delphia and Read Railroad, from Camp
bell Hall, N. V., the crew and passengers
told a thrilling story of their ride between
Copake and Norfolk, Conn.
The wind blew with such force while
the train was rounding a curve at Copake
that the coach wheels on one side left the
rails and the roof was partially raised
from the rear passenger coach. Passen
gers fainted and some left the train before
they reached the points to which they
were destined. Freight trains are stalled.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Jan. 24.— The
northeast storm that commenced this
afternoon nas gradually increased and to
night is blowing with great severity. No
disasters are yet reported.
TORONTO, Ontario, Jan. From
about midnight last night to about 10
o'clock this morning this city was com
pletely isolated from the outside world so
far as telegraphic and telephonic service is
concerned.
A storm of sleet and rain set in Wednes
day night and continued without abate
ment until last night, when it changed to
snow. The telephone service in the city is
in only partial operation, and the electric
railway system is badly demoralized. All
trains are late.
The storm kept up all the afternoon with
unabated fury, but began to moderate
about 7 o'clock this evening. Telegraphic
communication is jtiil badly crippled, and
in this city miles of street are practically
impassable, being strewn with a debris of
wires, poles and trees. Many pedestrians
had narrow escapes from falling wires and
several horses were killed by contact with
live wires. So far no loss of life is re
ported. The storm was the worst experi
enced in this part of the country for years.
BILLS TO BE REPORTED.
One Will Cause a Storm in Certain Land
Offices.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— bill
which has been fiercely fought in past
Congresses and which it is thought will
provoke a storm of criticism from the lo
calities affected, was ordered to be favor
ably reported by the House Committee on
Public Lands to-day. It equalizes the fees
paid to land officers in the Pacific Coast
and Rocky Mountain States with those of
similar officials East. At present the land
officials in the extreme Western States re
ceive fees that are 50 per cent greater than
those allowed other land offices.
Another important bill upon which the
committee agreed was one permitting
mining, prospecting and locating in the
forest reservations near Cripple Creek,
Colo.
Another bill which will be favorably re
ported amends the revised statutes sn that
the fees for taking testimony in contested
land cases shall be reduced" from 15 to 10
cents per 100 words.
T WENTY-FI VE KNOTS AN HOUR.
The New Torpedo-Boat Ericsson Will
Make Very Fast Time.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24,-Secre
tary Herbert to-day decided that he would
direct the preliminary acceptance of the
torpedo-boat Ericsson, subject to another
does trial, the sum of $16,000 to be deduct
ed, however, from the contract price for
failure to complete the vessel within the
required time.
The Ericsson is now at New London,
Conn., and the trial will take place there!
It is not unlikely that owing to the unfor
tunate accidents which caused the delay
in completion Congress will authorize the
remission of the $16,000. The department
is now satisfied that the machinery of the
little vessel is now in perfect order, and
that she can make twenty-five knots an
hour, which is half a knot more than re
quired by contract. The Ericsson was
built by the lowa Iron Works, Dubuque,
lowa.
SALE OF STONY LANDS.
Secretary Smith Forwards the. Draft .of
a Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.—
Secretary of * the Interior reporting on
measures referred to him by Congress has
forwarded to the Public Lands Committee
a draft of a bill with the recommendation
that it pass, providing for the sale of lands
of the United States -chiefly ' valued for
building stone, limestone, granite, marble,
slate, etc. This measure is an improve
ment on the one introduced in the two
houses for the same purpose. .*.
The Secretary is opposed to the passage
of the bill to reimburse settlers and pur
chasers of public lands within the limits
of Congressional grants in cases of forfeit
ure of odd-numbered sections.
— - . »
TO COIN STANDARD DOLLARS.
Directions Given to Mints at New Orleans
■'A'P/'A and Philadelphia.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.—Secre
tary Carlisle has directed Mint Director
Preston to prepare to coin standard silver
dollars at the Philadelphia and New Or
leans mints. The amount of coinage to be
executed has not yet been determined, but
probably not more than 7,000,000 standard
silver dollars will be coined. The seignior
age on this will also be declared and coined,
and this will make all told more than $10,
--000,000. Mr. Preston says that by Tuesday
all the gold bullion at the Philadelphia
mint will have been coined, and he does
not think that any gold bullion will be
transferred from sub-treasuries or mints
elsewhere to Philadelphia at present.
MILD CENSURE FOR BAYARD.
Resolution Adopted by the House Sub-
Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— A mild
resolution of censure will be adopted by
the House Sub-committee on Foreign
Affairs as an expression of their disap
proval of the sentiments uttered by Em
bassador Bayard in tbe speeches delivered
by him in England some weeks ago. It is
not doubted that the full committee will
adopt the conclusions of the com
mittee.
The Naval Militia.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— The
naval militia movement is growing
steadily according to information received
at the Navy Department. The depart
ment has been advised that the Louisiana
naval battalion has been organized with
sixteen commissioned officers, twenty-one
non-commissioned officers and 155 seamen,
and that, despite their disbandment by
order of Governor Altgeld, the Chicago
battalion has attained an unofficial organi
zation of 300 men. .-7i-
SYMPATHY FOR CUBANS
Expressed by Miss Anthony at
the Women's Suffrage
Congress.
Finances of the Association Shown by
the Treasurer's Report to Be in
Good Condition.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— At to
day's session ol the Women's Suffrage
Congress letters of greeting were read from
Carsie Clyde Holly, a member of the Colo
rado Legislature, and others.
Miss Anthony was presented with a
gavel trimmed with Colorado silver. Miss
Anthony read a letter from Senator Wil-
liam Call of Florida introducing A. H.
Andreada, the American Cuban. Mr. Call
explained in his letter that Senor Andre
ada desired to be recognized by the asso
ciation, and hoped that at some time dur
ing the congress a resolution of sympathy
would be passed. The letter was referred
to the committee on resolutions.
"We have a sort of fellow feeling with
the Cubans," said Miss Anthony. "We
women know what it is to be deprived of
self-government, and know what it is to
be taxed when we don't have a hand in
the assessments. Women are often taxed
higher than men, anyhow. We can sym
pathize with them, and I would like to see
them have a right to say how they will
govern themselves."
This was greeted with applause.
The finances of the association were
shown by the treasurer's report to be in
excellent condition.
George W. Catt of New York, husband
of the general oreanizer or the association,
read a paper on the reason of the woman's
rights victory in Utah. He said if every
State bad as large a proportion of organ
ized suffragists as . Utah, the National
American Woman Suffrage Association
would have an enrollment of 270,000.
The evening exercises consisted princi
pally of short addresses from the presi
dents of the various State organizations.
' Mrs. L. C. Hughes, wife of the Governor
of Arizona, reviewed the former conditions
of her home in Arizona and told of her
efforts there to advance civilization, and
the good results therefrom.
Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson of Cali
fornia said that her State hoped to be
fourth in line where women could vote,
and stated that at one time women were
held at a premium in California- because
of their scarcity, and men were known to
throw up their hats and hurrah at the
sight of women's clothing on a washline
in a farmyard.
Mrs. Anna Diggs, who spoke by proxy
for Colorado, a State now entitled to
woman's suffrage, said that while the
State had secured its purposes she was
lending her efforts to help the other
States."
STORMED FORT KARNIVAL.
The Fire King's Forces Routed With
Heavy Loss.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 24.— Nearly 30,
--000 people turned out this evening to see
the storming of Fort Karnival.. Borealis
Rex was strongly intrenched within and
supported by 1200 members of the Carnival
clubs of St. Paul in uniform.
The attacking forces were led by the Fire
King, ex-Mayor Eustis of Minneapolis.
They- were composed largely of the cadets
of the State University. As per arrange
ment the Fire King's forces were routed
with heavy loss. The battle of the fire
and ice kings was followed by the most
brilliant display of fireworks ever seen in
St. Paul. 7'Apzy
In sporting events this afternaon J. C.
Andress of Stillwater carried off the hon
or*-, making a jump on skates of 19 feet 5
inches, over 4 feet better than the best
world's record made previous to the car
nival. •
ALL PUT OUT ON THE ROAD.
A Most Cruel Ejectment at Burlington,
- ■ ' . Ind. ■■■ - p-y/y
LOGANSPORT, Ind., Jan. 24.— A sensa
tional case of ejectment is reported from
Burlington. Andrew Isaacs owed two
months' rent, and failing to pay it, his
landlord proceeded by law to have him and
his family ejected. : His wife was sick at
the time, and she, with ; their five little
half-starved and half-clothed children,
were set out on the road, along with the
few pieces of household furniture the fam
ily possessed. -
Before nieht, under an order of the Jus
tice of the Peace, all the family belonging
were sold at auction to ; satisfy hungry
creditors. : Even the family Bible, contain
ing the record of the family births and
deaths, was not spared.
Cowen Succeeds Meyer.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. John K.
Cowen was to-day elected president of the
Baltimore and Ohio road, succeeding
Charles P. Meyer. .:• /
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.
FAVORITISM IN
APPROPRIATIONS.
Allen Declared There Was
a Ring in Public Build
ing Questions.
CLAIMS OF UNFAIRNESS.
Trans - Mississippi States Had
Not Received Merited
Consideration.
PROTECTION FOR ARMENIANS.
The Passage of the Concurrent Reso
lution Appealing to the
Powers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— f the
Senate to-day a bill authorizing a change
in the plans of the public building at
Bloomington, 111., which was being urged
by Cullom (R.) of Illinois, gave rise to a
brief but lively discussion, in which Allen
(Pop.) of Nebraska suggested that there
was a little Senatorial "ring" on the ques
tion of public buildings. The State of
Illinois had $5,000,000 appropriated for a
public building in Chicago.
'•Only $4,000,000," Cullom put in.
"Well, it will be $8,000,000 before we get
through with it," said Allen.
"The Senator has no right to make that
statement," said Cullom, tartly.
Allen went on to complain that the East
ern and Middle States had been favored in
the matter of public buildings, while the
trans-Mississippi States, except in one or
two instances, had been unable to get even
small appropriations for the purpose.
Gallinger (R.) of New Hampshire took
exception to Allen's remarks and sug
gested that the Senator from Nebraska
was very apt to indulge in extravagant
assertions.
"I desire to return thanks to the Sena
tor from New Hampshire," said AHen, in
severe tones, "for his kindly statement
that I am in the habit of being a little: bit
extravagant in my language- I had no
idea that the Senator from New Hamp
shire was any considerable portion of the
East, nor do I have an opinion of that
kind at this time." ;V 7 '•< ? 7 ,'■
After . some discussion Allen withdrew
his objection to Cullom's bill and it was
passed. 7a 7±-<T-. '.-./'„,... - ..
Mills (D.) of Texas was about to call up
his bill introduced yesterday to repeal the
refunding and resumption acts, but as he
saw that Hansbrough (R.) of North Da
kota desired to address the Senate he said i
that he would not do so till the next meet
ing of the Senate.
Caffrey (D.) of Louisiana had the Presi
dent's communication as to the non-pay
ment of sugar bounties transferred from
the Finance Committee to the Judiciary
Committee and made a statement explan
atory ot the questions in dispute.
. The concurrent resolution reported last
Wednesday from the - Committee on
Foreign Relations on the subject of out
rages on the Armenians was laid before
the Senate and Cullom. (R.) of Illinois, a
member of that committee, addressed the
Senate. 7p A ; 74 /7p
Frye (R.) of Maine made a fierce and
patriotic speech in which he lauded the
English Government for its protection of
British subjects in every part .of the globe.
The concurrent resolution was then
passed. Vft~
Jones (D.) of Arkansas then gave notice
that he would on Thursday next asK the
Senate to remain in session until a vote
was had on the free silver substitute to the
House bond bill. , :":.:- .'O -7-1? 7
Thurston (R.) of Nebraska gave notice
that on Tuesday he would address the Sen
ate on the Monroe doctrine resolutions.
Baker (R.) of Kansas offered an amend
ment to the free coinage substitute limit
ing its operations to the American product
alone and addressed the Senate in advocacy
of it. He was a bimetallist and believed
the silver of the United States alone
should be opened to our mints. He
declared.it to be his opinion that
the Republican party unaided and
alone would settle the question of tariff
and finance. The recent elections demon
strated that the people desired as speedily
as possible to place the control of the Gov
ernment in the hands of the Republican
party. That party would, he believed, es
tablish and maintain the equality ann par
ity between gold and silver at the ratio of
16 to 1 to the entire satisfaction of the peo
ple. The greatest benefit to be derived
from the' coinage of the American product
would be to give employment to a few
thousand idle laborers, the investment of
more capital, and a slow, gradual and
healthful expansion of the primary or re
demption money. The , inflation of the
currency caused by "the coinage of the
American product would, he thought, be
beneficial, not injurious.
The Senate bill providing for the dis
posal of abandoned ; portions of the Fort
Assiniboine military reservation in Mon
tana was passed, after which the Senate
held a short executive session, and at 4:15
adjourned till Monday. '
FIRST PENSION SESSION.
Thirteen Bills Receive Favorable Con-
sideration in the House.
- WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— There
was a fair attendance of members when,
at 8 p. ' m., the House met for the first
pension session of the Fifty-fourth Con
gress. Among the thirteen bills which re
ceived favorable consideration was the
Senate bill granting a pension of $75 per
month to the widow of the late Brigadier-
General and Representative William Cogs
well of Massachusetts, and the House bill
increasing to $72 a month ' the pension of
the widow of the lata Colonel William
Dulaney. : • ' ■ 7 ' ■' ■' •"■ AT ./
At 10:30 p. m. the House adjourned till
Monday. • 7" : ■'■": " : ' -. »'"•■ ""-■''
CLUNG ON TO THE CAB.
Commotion Caused by a tinman in Pur
, . suit of Husband and Son. .
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24.— The spectacle
of a cab being driven at a furious pace and
dragging behind it a woman whose cries
for ; help could be heard for a block created
great excitement at 8:30 o'clock last even
ing at Rush and Indiana streets. The
driver was urging his horsp forward by
whip and voice, and the i woman, as she
desperately clung 1 to- the rear axle, im
plored . the ; bystanders, "For God's • sake,
stop that horse!" '■
i! ; The cab was . stopped- and the party
taken to the police station. 7 The stories
told at the police station revealed the fact !
that the woman was Mrs. Peter Welcome,
who had been employed as a chorus singer
at several of the downtown theaters, and
that the desperate attempt which she
made to stop the cab was due to the fact
that the vehicle contained her husband,
from whom site separated four months
ago, and her four-year-old boy, Claud,
whom she charged the man with trying to
abduct.
ARCHITECT ATWOOD'S WIDOW.
Church Records Back Up the Claim of a
Comic Opera Artist.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 24.— The arri
val in White Plains yesterday of Detective
Mason oi Chicago revealed the thread of
an interesting story. Mr. Mason came
east to hunt up evidence in behalf of the
heirs of the late, Charles Bowler Atwood,
whose wife ; is about to claim her dower
rights in the estate. .
The architect died intestate in Chicago
two months ago. When his relatives there
applied for letters of administration of the
estate, estimated at $500,000, a protest was
entered on behalf of bis widow, of whose
existence the other heirs claim to be igno
rant. Mrs. Atwood is known in public life
as Marion Singer. She is a comic opera
artist. ; She is now in Chicago. In her affi
davit she says that she is the widow of
Charles B. Atwood. She deposes j that she
was married to him in this city by Rev.
Dr. Houghton, in the "Little Church
Around the Corner." V 7
The other Atwood heirs assert that they
do not believe her story, but the records
of the Church of the Transfiguration in
East Twenty-ninth street substantiate her
claim. Rev. Dr. Houghton looked up the
entry to-day and found it under date of
August 18,-1881. Charles B. Atwood de
signed the peristyle and art palace at the
World's Fair, and in the j strain of this
work were laid the seeds of the nervous
malady that caused his death.
Harris. Hypnotic Sleep.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. 24.— M.
Harris, a Chicago man, 22 years of age, is
interesting the doctors on account of the
hypnotic experiments being performed on
him. He was aroused <ast night from a
twenty-four hours' bopnotic sleep. In a
few days a seven days' sleep will be given,
and if that be successful he will again be
put to sleep and buried seven feet deep for
a week. iA\'/:l
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Mission of Tirey L. Ford to the
National Capital in . Behalf 7
• of the Miners. -_-.. ■.■•-..-.
Representative Bowers Urges the Com
pletion of the Jetty at San
Diego Harbor.
WASHINGTON, D.'C., Jan. 24.— Tirey L.
Ford, representing the California Miners'
Association, arrived in Washington to
day. Mr. Ford said to The Call corre
spondent to-night that he had not as yet
mapped out any plan of campaign, but
would await the action of the California
delegation.
"I am here as a representative of the
miners of the Pacific Coast, and I will do
all in my power to advance their inter
ests," he said. ' "I will wait on Commis
sioner Lanioreaux and Judge Best of the
General Land Office, and have every reason
to believe that we will be successful in our
efforts." ■• .'. : y:ph'.z.
He stated that California is practically
united in favor of the bills and hopes to
find a united delegation here. If they
will not work together he promises to
make his stay here short.' He will^at once
begin the work of interviewing the mem
bers of the delegation to ascertain how
they stand on the question. .
Representative Bowers appeared before
the House Rivers and Harbors Committee
to-day in support of his bill making an ap
propriation for the completion of the jetty
at the mouth of San Diego harbor. He had
maps and photographs, and showed con
clusively by reports of contracts already
completed the extravagance of small ap
propriations in such work. With an ap
propriation of $100,000 rock was put in
place at a cost of $1 02 a ton, while with an
appropriation of only $50,000 it cost $2 10 a
ton. the slated cost of the jetty was
$400,000; $100,000 had been appropriated
and expended and 3300 feet of jetty built,
leaving about 3800 feet yet to be con
structed. He was certain that if the $200,
--000 estimated by the engineers was allowed
it would be sufficient to complete the pro
ject. But if work must dribble along for
six years more the cost would be increased
from $50,000 to $75,000.
Senator Perkins to-day introduced a bill
to reorganize the Alaska customs service.
By the present law vessels going into
Alaska waters are obliged to call at . ports
of entry, though an extra journey of 500
miles or more may be necessary. This is
in man}- cases not only a great hardship,
but entails expense, and some times spe
cial permits are applied for to enable ves
sels to avoid -these often useless calls at
points where a customs officer is stationed.
The bill introduced by Perkins . gives
authority to the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue permits whereby a vessel may clear
for any Alaskan port without first going
to a port of entry. : "~Ay.
Authority will" be given customs officers
to so clear vessels under certain conditions.
Although the Secretary of the Treasury
has authorized vessels to so proceed, he
has done so reluctantly, as the law had to
be stretched to do so. The present bill
will give him the needful authority to
consider cases where observance with the
law would be a hardship.
Some time ago Senator. Perkins wrote
Supervising Architect Aiken, asking how
much should be appropriated by Congress,
in order to furnish him assistance, that
the San Francisco Postoffice. plans might
be completed and building commenced.
This letter was written as the result of an
interview Perkins had with the architect,
at which Aiken said, lack of assistance
was the cause of delay.
Perkins proposed , that he would intro
duce a bill in Senate and urge it through
Congress to appropriate money to furnish
him assistance in preparine plans and
erecting building, as was done in the case
of Chicago's building. Perkins prepared
his bill, and has been waiting for Super
vising Architect Aiken to inform him how
much money he would need for an assist
ant. Mr. Aiken has not as yet replied.
The President to-day received a delega
tion of marine engineers at the White
House. J. J. Searey of San Francisco will
lead a committee to appear before the Sen
ate Commerce Committee to-morrow. j It
is understood that President Cleveland
favors their bij| (introduce! by Squire) re
quiring that engineers shall be American
citizens. -'.'.''
Favorable to Dtipont.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— The
Senate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions discussed the case of Dupont from
Delaware, . this morning,; but reached •no
conclusion. The discussion indicated that
a report favoring the admission of Dupont
and filling the vacancy in Delaware's rep
resentation in the United States Senate
will be ordered. .• ,
Will Christen the Helena.
WASHINGTON,! D. C., Jan. 24.— Miss
Agnes Belle Seele, daughter of the Mayor
of Helena, Mont., has: been ; selected to
christen the new, gunboat Helena, which
will be launched at the works of the New
port News Ship-building and . Drydock
Company on Thursday, January 30..
Rinulcer ' Against Downing,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. Argu
ments were concluded to-day in Elections
Committee No. 1, in the contested case of ;
Rinaker against Downing -from the Six
teenth Illinois District. -- ■:
FREE COINAGE
AND HIGH TARIFF.
Policy of the Senators Sent
From the State of
Utah.
FIRST FOR PROTECTION.
Cannon , and Brown Believe in
Opening the Mines of the
# West
AND ENCOURAGE INDUSTRIES.
i
Only One Way in Which Sheep-Raising
Can Be Prevented From Being
Killed.
OMAHA, Neb?.., Jan. Frank J. Can
non and Arthur Brown, the first United
States Senators from the new State, of
Utah, passed through this city this after
noon, en route to Washington. The train
stopped but five, minutes here, but this
was sufficient time for Mr. Cannon to
speak enthusiastically but briefly on the
subjects of National importance and par
ticularly those of direct interest to Utah.
Mr. Cannon 3aict : T;A '77 /•
"We are heartily in favor of the free and
unlimited coinage of silver at the ratio of
16 to 1. The reason for our belief in silver
is that it is for the good not only of Utah
and the entire West, but for the people of
this country. The unlimited coinage ;of
the white metal would open the mines of
the West, give money to the people and do
more direct benefit than any other one
thing except protection."
• "Then you are a protectionist?"
"Yes, sir, and a high one. Mr. Brown
and myself are firm believers in a high
protective tariff, for wo believe that only
by a tariff is the people greatly benefited.
We are in favor of as high a tariff on wool
as there can be made, for by so doing we
will save from utter ruin an industry that
is rapidly dying out— that of sheep- raising.
"Ths high tariff on wool would not only
aid the sheep-grower of Utah, but of every
State in the Union. We will vote the way
the people of Utah work, and that is for
free silver for him who delves into the
mountain side with his pick and for high
tariff on wool for him who herds the sheep
on the lonely prairie."
DEMOCRATS OE MISSOURI.
They Are in Favor of Morrison for the
Presidency.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 24.— There
j are Democrats here to-day from almost
i every corner of Missouri, en route to Ex-
I celsior Springs, where the Democratic
I State Committee meets to-morrow. The
I talk to-day was chiefly of State politics,
! but whenever the question /of whom Mis
i souri will favor for President was men
j tioned, William R. Morrison, otherwise
i "Horizontal Bill" Morrison, of Illinois
, seemed to be the favorite. '
"It is this way," a Democratic leader
l from interior Missouri said, and he voiced
! the sentiment of nearly all, "Missouri
I naturally wants a Western man for Presir
j dent. j Hill, Olney and the rest of the East
ern men are not available. Mr. Cleveland
j says he does not want a third term and
j Morrison is all right anyway. He has not
i declared himself strongly on the money
j question, but is friendly to silver. In
; short, he is such a man as the Missouri
i Democrats can unite on if they agree on a
j compromise between the extreme elements.
• Then he is our neighbor, which would
j naturally make us friendly to him."
The Kentucky Deadlock.
FRANKFORT, Ky„ Jan. 24.— 1n to-day's
ballot Senator Hunter got 67, Blackburn
58. scattering 9. No choice. The dead
lock will probably continue till February 6.
Money Elected Senator.
JACKSON, Miss., Jan. 24.— The Legisla
ture to-day on joint ballot elected H. D.
Money for United States Senator.
HAMMOND, THE HEALER.
Great Rush of the Afflicted to the Illinois
Farmer.
BELVIDERE. 111., Jan. 24.— Crowds of
people are going and coming constantly to
R. A. Simpson's house on Ogden avenue,
where Wilbur Hammond, the healer,
makes his headquarters while in this city.
People with all kinds of diseases and ail
ments appeal to him for treatment, and
and many come from the surrounding
country to avail themselves of his curative
powers. Yesterday at least a dozen per
sons from Rockford and elsewhere called
at the Simpson home to consult Hammond
in one way or another.
If the interest keeps up a sanitarium
will. have to be established here in order
to accommodate the throngs that ere long
will make Belvidere their Mecca, if the
healer does not collapse under the strain.
| Wednesday Hammond went to Sycamore,
and although his coming had been kept
as secret as possible outside of a select
circle, the house where he conducted his
healing operations was so crowded when
he arrived that he could scarcely get in.
Crowds followed him to the depot, and
even into the car, • when ho left. It ■ was
his last visit to Sycamore. ( He makes his
final visit to Rockford afternoon, and
his friends anticipate another crush there.
The latter part of this month or the
first of next Hammond will move from his
farm into Belvidere and establish a heal
ing establishment here, to which he will
devote his entire time. | He is now receiv
ing forty or fifty letters each day, and the
list is steadily growing. He gets letters
from all over the country, and even from
Canada, some containing pieces of cloth
and locks of , hair for him to bless or
touch. It is surprising to read, some of
the letters, as the requests that' are made
of the healer and the, offers he receives in
many cases are remarkable.
CHANGES IN THE SYSTEM.
Dismemberment of the Santa Fe. May
Follow Reorganization.
.' CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24.— morning
paper publishes the following: Complete
dismemberment of the great Santa Fe
Railway system is likely to be the result
of the reorganization of the main r lines
from Chicago to Albuquerque, N. M. Less
than a year ago the Colorado Midland was
dropped and placed in charge of a receiver,
designated' by the bondholders of the Mid
land. A ) month ago it was decided to give
up the Atlantic and .-; Pacific to its first
mortgage bondholders, and C. W. Smith
was appointed' receiver.
It is now learned that it is the intention
of the new ; Santa Fe management^ to also
relinquish control of the St. Louis and San
Francisco road. The American bondhold
ers, it is understood, was in favor of retain
ing these properties and reorganizing them
as originally contemplated by * the joint
reorganization committee. 7 But Messrs.
Fleming and ' Luden, who represent the
English and Dutch bondholders, who hold
a three-fourths interest in the property,
are said to be determined to get rid of the
auxiliary lines. They have conceived the
idea that these lines are a burden on the
main lines recently reorganized, and think
better results can be achieved by making
traffic arrangements with these roads.
While these auxiliary lines have not been
money-making, yet, as feeders to the main
system, they have helped materially to
swell the revenues of the Atchison Com-
pany. '
The dropping of the St. Louis and San
Francisco appears the more strange as the
Atchison Company owns a majority of its
bonds and stock. The English and Dutch
bondholders, it is said, believe their bonds
and stock will become more valuable if the
road is operated independently than by
amalgamating it with the main lines.
WALL OLD RAPIDLY GOING.
The Philadelphia Mint May Have to Be
Closed Soon.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 24. —No
gold has been received, at the mint here
for some time, but the demand for gold
coin has kept up and the' presses have
been kept busy all the fall and winter
turning out half-eagles, eagles and double
eagles. The result has been that the sup
ply of gold on hand has steadily dimin
ished, until there is so little left that it
will be exhausted in less tban two weeks.
By the end of next week, unless mere gold
arrives, it will be necessary to stop all the
gold coinage, and those employes engaged
in it must be laid off.
There has been no silver coined recently,
and there is no order for any now, but it is
hoped that an order will be issued in case
no more gold is received soon, so that as
many presses may be kept going as long as
possible. One reason given for the failure
to send more gold to the mint is that the
supply of gold bars in the treasury has
been depleted by export. . ,y • ■
Apply for a Receiver.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. Applica
tion for a receiver was made to-day for the
Central Stamping" Company before Judge
Truax by James iJ. Plaff and others, rep
resenting $900,000 worth of the stock of the
company. It is claimed that since January
1. 1895, the directors of the company have
been carrying on the business in violation
of the laws of this State, and that the as
sets have diminished from $1,000,000 in
1892 to about one half.
EXPLOSION OF CHEMICALS
It Wrecked the Offices on the
Second Floor and Caused
a Panic.
During, the Scramble Down the Fire.
Escapes Three Persons Were
Injured. .
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24. An explosion
of chemicals in the laboratory of the Swan
son Rhuematic Cure Company, on the
second floor of the old Stock Exchange
building, Dearborn and Monroe streets,
this morning wrecked the contents of the
offices on that floor, frightened into panic,
hysterics or insensibility the occupants of
the building, injured three persons and
caused a property loss of $10,000. •
The injured are: Mabel Finerty, Swan
son Company employe, jumped from sec
ond-story window, breaking an arm and
three ribs; Henry J. Bard well, president
of Swanson Company, badly burned about
head and hands; J. S. Robinson, hands
burned.
The explosion was followed by an im
mense volume of smoke enveloping all the
offices and the stairways and elevator
shafts. Nauseous gases also ascended
through the shaft and filled the building.
The breaking of glass in scores of window*
startled the occupants on all the floors,
and men and women rushed out of the
offices only to find themselves half suf
focated and blinded by the smoke and gas.
Escape by the stairways and elevators was
impossible, and there was a wild rush for
the fire-escapes. The crowds on the
streets saw terror-stricken men and girls
hanging from the open windows and fire
escapes screaming for help, which quickly
came from the firemen and brave volun
teers. All were taken to the sidewalk by
ladders. ' 777 A/7;:..
Mr. Bardwell . and Miss Finerty were
preparing the medicine when the explo
sion occurred, hurling them against a par
tition. Mr. Bardwell started to carry the
girl from the room, when she revived and
broke from his grasp. In her terror she
flung herself through the open window,
the glass having been blown out. Bard
well was helped down a ladder. The
escape of other tenants and visitors was
attended by many thrilling, incidents. A
steady stream of men and women climbed
down the fire-escape in safety before the
firemen got to work.
T. W. Hoover, at the risk of bis life, pre
vented Miss Mary Mcßnde from flinging
herself to death into the street by crawl
ing along the narrow window-coping from
the fire-escape at the sixth floor and hold
ing her until rescued. 7
Store and Residence Burned.
HOWARD. Kas., Jan. 24.— J. O. Burch
field's store and Mark Mcßee's residence
were totally destroyed by fire this ; morn
ing. Loss, $70,000; insurance, $30,000.
FOR FALSE IMPRISONMENT.
Gehr Axrarded Heavy Damages From the
■ Mexican Central Railroad.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24.— the Circuit
Court to-day Herbert B.Gehr was awarded
$40,000 damages against the Mexican Cen
tral Railroad Company for false imprison
ment. In 1890 the officers of the railroad
company in the City of . Mexico were
robbed of $8000. Gehr, who was assistant
paymaster, was thrown into prison with
five other employes. The United States
Government was appealed to, and Secre
tary Blame sent a demand to the Mexican
Government for the release or immediate
trial of Gehr. x
The next day Gehr was liberated, after
an imprisonment of nine weeks, there be
ing no evidence against him. The case
has attracted a great deal of attention
Judge Mexia having been brought from
the City of Mexico to expound the Mexi
can law on the subject.
TO REPEAL ITS CHARTER.
A Bill Relating to the Southern Pacific
in Kentucky's Legislature.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 24—Senator
William Goebel of Covington introduced a
bill in the Legislature yesterday repealing
the charter ot the Southern Pacific. Com
pany. Goebel is the Democratic leader in
the Senate, and while he thinks the rail
road will make a strong effort to defeat the
bill, he is confident it will pass.
Senator Goebel says O. P. Huntington
got the law passed for this charter twelve
years ago, and that the road has never
been built and operated in this State, but
in California. The people of that State
have recently risen up in arms against the
methods of the road and held ■ mass-meet
ings at which memorials were adopted
asking the Kentucky Legislature to wipe
out the charter of the road. It was in re
sponse to a {request from California that
he introduced the bill and will posh it for
passage..;- •.:.:.';.,.: ;..;
- -j Mayor: Sutro's address has been circu
lated in the Capitol for several days, and
has educated the legislators in this matter.
GETTING READY
FOR BUSINESS.
First Formal Session of the
Venezuelan Boundary
Commission.
•
MUCH MATTER ON HAND
The State Department Requested
to Furnish Information on
the Dispute.
SECRECY TO BE MAINTAINED.
Various Reasons for Not Desiring to
Mal^e Public Only Portions of
the Evidence.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— The
Venezuelan Commission, all its members
and its secratary attending,- held practi
cally it first formal business session in its
temporary quarters to-day and made mat
ters of record the work accomplished by
its mem acting independently the last
two weeks.
A great mass of material had already ac
cumulated and the commission had no
doubt now that evidence sufficient to sup
port decisions would be forthcoming. The
principal formal action to-day was a direc
tion issued to the secretary to request the
Department of State to furnish the com
mission all the information bearing on the
question now in its archives.
Justice Brewer was compelled to leave
the session at noon, after nearly two hours'
attendance, in order to sit on the Supreme
Court bench when ex- President Harrison
argued the case in which be is counsel.
Justice Brewer told a reporter of The United
Press after to-day's meeting that the com
mission was making excellent progress,
and that while the great interest taken by
the public in its proceedings were fully
recognized and appreciated, it would be
extremely injudicious to attempt to make
public bits of evidence in a haphazard way
which might be exceedingly misleading
and injurious to the work in hand.
The commission appointed Clifford C.
Whitmore of Fremont, Ohio, assistant sec
retary, to have charge of the routine office
work, and then adjourned until next Fri
day, unless called together earlier by the
President. \- /y
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— Tbe
treasury gold reserve stands at $49,085,261.
Tbe reported withdrawals of gold to-day
were $189,000.
THE DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION.
How is your appetite?
/-■ "''."-■ Poor, doctor.
Do you sleep soundly ?
No, doctor.
How long have you had those pimples
on your face?
<sj -, v . Two months, doctor.
Have you been taking iodide of potash?
Yes, doctor.
Yon must stop that. •-'..
I Two Yes, doctor.
lave you been taking iodide of potash?
Yes, doctor.
r ou must stop that.
Yes, doctor,
Have you lost flesh of late ?
Yes, doctor. ,
Do you eat fats and greasy foods?
'7-7pA Yes, doctor.
. Is your vision blurred at times?
Yes, doctor.
Do you feel tired and exhausted after
eating? v
';:-.-■ 'A.-yp. //: Yes,, doctor.
Your constitution Is depleted." You
need healthful exercise. You are all run
down and should be careful not to take
cold now, as it would be doubly dangerous.
I will write you a prescription. Be careful
to take nothing that contains iodide of
potassium. You need a remedy to stimu-
late and regulate. Your bowels must be
kept in order. Here is your prescription.
You will feel better one week after taking
this medicine.
Yes, it is pleasant to the taste, and it is
not only a good blood purifier but a fine
bowel regulator":
'. :
: For Mrs. :
: R. :
: JOY'S VEGETABLE :
: SARSAPARILLA : ;
'. One bottle — :
: M. Sig, 2 teaspoonfuls 3 times a day. :
: When bowel is regular take :
: - one teasnoonful. :
FIRE NOTICE!
OUR MILL WAS SERIOUSLY DAMAGED BY
FIRE on the morula-; of the 24th inst., but we
are still prepared to fill all oruers promptly.'
DEL MONTE MILLING COMP'Y,
IQ7 California Street, S. F.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
S^«?f^?* TST * -Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Pilvata
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
*! n Di tfP*s , \ e . d °ctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnrncnaranterd. CiUl orwrlte!
l>r. J. JF. fatEBO-r, Box l»B7.Saiut'^Sg:
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
K ****** £££ WASHINGTON STS.-RB.
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD 4 00.
European plan. Rooms 50c to tl 50 per dav Si
to 98 per weelc, *8 to $30 per month: trem baths;
hot and cold water every room: ara crates in aims*
room; elevator run. ail m-jus •*•>•"»■ "»«*LINER ST. PAUL
IS ASHORE.
She Is Reported to Be on the
Beach Near Long
Branch.
IS SIGHTED BY A PILOT
The Imperiled Steamship Is One
of the Finest in Atlantic
Waters.
HOPE FOR THE PASSENGERS.
It Is Believed That the Weather
Will Not Cause Extraordi
nary Danger.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25, 6 a. m.— No.
2 Life-saving Station reports to the Marine
observer at Sandy Hook that the Ameri
can Line steamship St. Paul, which was
expected to arrive from Southampton to
day, is ashore near the Brighton Hotel
at Long Branch.
A pilot-boat has just arrived at Sandy
Hook with confirmation of the report that
the St. Paul is ashore.
The St. Paul is one of the most magnifi
cent steamships afloat. She is Known to
have a large list of passengers on her in
coming voyage.
At this hour it is impossible to give in
formation in regard to the probable safety
of the passengers, but the chances are in
favor of their rescue.
The weather last night was not exactly
favorable, but it has not been so rough a3
it was for the past week.
DR. HOWARD IN TROUBLE
He Is Accused of Questioning
the Integrity of the
Scripture.
The Strife Originated in Differences as
to the Location of a House
of Worship.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 24.— Charges
of heresy are to be filed shortly with the
Los Angeles Presbytery against Rev. Burt
Estes Howard, pastor of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church, the most fashion
able congregation in the city. The charges
of heresy will assert that Rev. Mr. Howard
has denied the atonement, has questioned
the integrity of the Scriptures, has de
fended the doctrine of evolution, has
advocated TJnitarianism and has defended
Pantheism, which is in substance a de
fense of the proposition that ail nature is
God.
When the intelligence became noised
about to-day that these charges would be
filed a decided sensation was created.
Rev. Mr. Howard was seen by a repre
sentative of The Call, but beyond stating
that he understood the charges would be
filed he declined to talk.
Burt Estes Howard was formerly pastor
of the First Presbyterian Church here.
The congregation sold its valuable down
town lot for $60,000 and was about to erect
a church in the fashionable quarter of the
city. Upon the question of the location of
the new church there was a split. A mi
nority withdrew and organized the Central
Presbyterian Church. They tried to get
a portion of the $60,000 by legal proceed
ings, but lost.
Charges of insubordination and failure
to recognize the authority of the Los An
geles Presbytery were filed against How
ard, and he was found guilty by the pres
bytery. He appealed to the State synod,
and the decision of the presbytery was re
versed. He was restored to his ministerial
functions. Now this is said to be another
move of some of the Central Presbyterian
brethren to retire Rev. Mr. Howard from
his charge. The pastor's friends assert
that they will stand by him to the last.
A. SANTA BARBARA. OPINION.
Judge Mesick's Funding Bill Views, Sub-
tnitted Years Ago.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 24.— A
Call correspondent to-day had an inter-
View with Judge Mesick, one of the oldest
and ablest jurists of this Coast, who lives
alone far up in a lonely mountain canyon,
near Montecito. In the course of the con
versation, the Judge referred to the memo
rial protesting against the funding bill, re
cently drafted by John T. Doyle.
"Curiously enough," he said, "I could
tell you of a document, prepared twenty
years ago, which follows precisely the
same line of argument. Years ago, I was
on great terms of intimacy with one of
of the heads of the Central Pacific Rail
road Company. Upon one occasion, an
ticipating the very crisis which has now
been reached in the affairs of the company,
he asked me to nive him an opinion as to
the individual liability of stockholders for
the Government debt. 1 carefully prepared
and gave him the opinion he had re
quested, and well," here the Judgesmiled
dryly, "it was because of that very opinion
that brothers Mesick were never called
upon to assist in any railroad litigation."
WOODLAND GUARDS ROBBED.
Burglars Steal the Silver Trophy Won in
a Shooting Match.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— mem
bers of Company F, N. G. C, are in a state
of excitement. Early this morning burg-
Jars entered the administration room of
the armory and carried away the beautiful
tilver cup won by the militiamen at Marys
ville three years ago m a contest against
Company C of that city. The trophy was
offered by the Marysville Appeal, and was
beautifully and elaborately engraved. Its
cost -rag $175.
It is the belief of the authorities that the
men who recently committed a number of
thefts in this city are the ones implicated
in this morning's robbery. Captain Prindle
offers a reward of $25 for evidence that will
lead to the capture of the burglars, of
whom thus far there is no clew.
NAPA STUDENTS ANGERED.'
Vreat Dissatisfaction Over the Ordered
\ Closing oj the College.
<NAPA,.CaI., Jan. Students at Napa
Culeee are excited over the action taken
in San Francisco on Thursday by the
boird of trustees of the University of ' the
Pontic, which includes Napa College and
San Jose College, as the result of which
they were notified at chapel this morning
that the Napa institution must close its
doors at the end of the college year and
that the property would be sold. The
senior class held several indignation meet
ings to-day.
Napa will suffer a great loss when the
college closes, as it brought families and
students here, and has been the means' of
circulating some $30,000 annually. The
school was opened here in 1860, and has
grown to be a la"ire institution of learning.
The value of the college buildings and
grounds is about $60,000. These will be
sold as soon as possible.
Little worn has been done at the college
to-day. The students are indignant to
learn that Napa College is thrown up to
help the San Jose school. Groups of stu
dents could be seen all day on the campus
discussing the matter, and the feeling here
is very high against those who supported
th c change.
SANTA BARBARA GRIEVES.
Frank Ellis, the Noted Numismatist- Has
Heroine Insane.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 24.—
Frank Ellis, for a year past employed as
baggageman at the Chapala-street depot,
became violently insane last night and
has been sent to the San Bernardino asy
lum.
Ellis is known all over the country as
an ardent and discriminating numismatist
and stamp collector, and he had large and
valuable collections in both these lines.
He was an expert telegrapher, a man of
marked intelligence and of a sunny un
selfish disposition. During the greater
part of the year he has been doing double
duty, acting as baggageman by day and
watchman at the freight depot by night.
This strain upon his endurance, coupled
with his studious habits, it is believed to
account for his mental breakdown. During
a lucid moment to-day he stated that he
had a similar attack eleven years ago.
STANFORD'S NEW COURSE
Great Interest Being Taken in
the University's Musical
Classes.
Students Organize a Choral Society
and Purchase a Valuable
Library.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
24. — The result of the effort to arouse a
musical interest in the university by giv
ing instruction in music and allowing
credit toward graduation therefor has
been seen in the organization of a choral
society among students and faculty, which
has already a large membership and ex
pects ultimately to have at least 100 names
on its rolls. The society has by voluntary
loans purchased a five musical library, ap
praised at $4SOO, for $200. This will prob
ably be given to the regular university
li brary.
The musical instruction courses given
are not from a department of the uni
versity. They are wholly outside the
university, ana a small fee is charged for
entrance to any of the classes; but by ar
rangement with the proper authorities
Mr. Pasmore, the instructor, nas been
allowed to announce tbat credit will be
granted toward graduation in the case of
students who take work under him.
The senior class held its regular election
to-day, with the following result: Presi
dent, R. L. Wilbur; vice-president, W. G.
Nagel; second vice-president, Aionn
Scale; secietary, George Toombs; treas
urer. J. A. Colli ver; sergeant-at-arms, W.
E. Campbell; baseball manager, R. 'F.
Roy; football manager, J. T. McGrew;
track manager, J. P. Bernard;- class
historian, Miss Clarke.
A movement is on foot to collect an aid
fund for the Armenians. The scheme is
backed by some members of the faculty
and by several well-known students. It
looks as though a considerable fund might
be raised, and the committee is certainly
going to work with a will.
The young gentlemen boarders of
Encina dormitory met last evening and
decided to give a reception to the coeds of
Roble. The banquet and reception will
be given next Friday evening. Last
semester a similar reception was given
and it proved a very pleasant affair.
Several members of the faculty were
present, and their after-dinner speeches
were features of the evening's entertain
ment.
MONTE CRISTO AVALANCHE.
Fifteen Business Houses Demolished by
a Great Snoxcstide.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 24.— The snow
in the Monte Cristo mining district, this
State, is deeper and has lasted longer this
winter than during any previous late year.
On Monday fifteen business houses on
lower Dumas street, in the town of Monte
Cristo, were demolished by a great snow
slide from the mountains, and a railroad
car, heavily loaded with concentrates, was
struck and thrown from the track.
A ST. HELENA HEIRESS
Mrs. Clara Jessen's Claim to a
Share of a Kansas City
Estate.
She Was One of the Beneficiaries of the
Unfortunate Christopher
Hahn.
ST. HELENA, Cal., Jan. -The story
of a St. Helena woman being heir to an
estate worth several million dollars in
Missouri has just been revived by a San
Francisco attorney being engaged to look
after the interests of several California
heirs in a lawsuit pending in Kansas City.
The story as published is altogether wrong,
so C. H. Jessen informs a Call representa
tive. P--4::
The woman in question is Mrs. Clara
Jessen, wife of C. H. Jessen. She was
born in Kansas City, where her father,
Christopher Hahn, owned 320 acres of.
land in what is now a '. fashionable and
densely populated suburb of that city. In
1858 Mr. Hahn left his nome to visit his
parents in Germany, and on the voyage
the steamship Hustri, on which he took
passage, went down with all on board.
Hahn's estate went into the Probate
Court, and while lingering there the Civil
War broke out, and two sons of the dead
man— one a lad of but 14 years— enlisted
in the army and served with distinction
until the Rebellion, was put down. ••"
Returning to their home and being in
need of funds, they by a sacrifice obtained
a decree of the court to sell the estate of
their deceased father. Mrs. Jessen was
not of lawful age nor legally represented
in this transfer of real estate, to which she
was joint heir with her brothers, and
although she signed the necessary docu
ments it is now admitted that she never
lawfully parted with her interests. It has
also been found that the deeds of the land
made by order of the Probate Court did
not cover all the estate of. Christopher
Hahn, so all the heirs are interested in the
suits now instituted. •• ' ,- '. ■ 4
The actual " value of the property in
volved has hardly been estimated, but it is
well into the millions, as all of the original
320 acres of. farm land is now within the
corporate limits of Kansas City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.
TRAGIC DEATH AT
CAMP ALEMAN.
Ramon Barruza Shoots His
Sister Through a Sad
Mistake.
FIRES IN THE DARKNESS
Mistakes the Girl for a Man
With Whom He Had
Been Quarreling.
THEY MEET UPON A STAIRWAY
He Had Gone to His Room to Secure
a Revolver and Was Return
ing With the Weapon.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 24. — The
schooner Anita, which arrived here yes
terday morning from San Domingo, 600
miles south of this city, brings information
of a tragedy that occurred a few days ago
at Camp Aleman, six miles south of Cal
malli, midway between the ocean and
gulf and opposite Cedros Island.
Ramon Barruza keeps a store and sa
loon at Camp Aleman and was giving a
party to a few friends one evening. Dur
ing the festivities an altercation arose be
tween some of the men, who had become
flushed with mescal, and one of the Mexi
cans pulled a gun on Barruza, who was
unarmed at tne time. He darted upstairs
after a revolver and was about to return
with it when he heard somebody coming
up after him. He thought it was an
enemy and fired point blank in the dark
ness at the indistinct form. The body fell
backward on the stairs and rolled to the
bottom into the light, the blood pouring
from a gaping wound in the forehead.
The body was that of Louisa Lopez, the
12-year-old sister-in-law of Barruza, and
she had been instantly killed.
The terrible tragedy at once put a stop
to the fight that was raging in an adjoin
ing room, and the combatants turned
their attention to comforting the relatives
of the girl, who were crazed by the awful
occurrence. Barruza, who has always had
a good reputation in the camp, was nearly
insane with grief, and his family feared
that he would kill himself before morning.
The following day he went to Calmalli and
gave himself up to the officers, and wan
brought to Ensenada on the Anita.
CEDROS ISLANfX MINE SALE.
English Capitalists Purchase a Group of
Rich Properties.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 24.— The Cedros
Island gold mines, comprising a group of
very rich properties, were sold to-day in
Los Angeles to a syndicate of Englishmen
who have been investigating mines in this
country and Lower California for some
months. The Cedros Island group had
been bonded to Howard & Robbins of this
city for $15,000, but the price paid by the
Englishmen is unknown.
Over $250,000 has been extracted from
the mines, but the ores proved to be so
refractory that operations were suspended
while experiments were made in various
chemical and electrical processes for treat
ing the ore with profit. It is said that the
Englishmen have found the secret and for
this reason bought the mines, which have
at least a million in sight. The whole
island is composed of gold veins of more or
less value. The company worked the ore
at National City, where 5000 tons of tailings
are now waiting the new treatment. They
are estimated to carry $12 per ton gold,
after having yielded from $10 to $15 by
ordinary amalgamation. The mines are
held by concession from the Mexican Gov
ernment.
A PORTLAND'S PLIGHT
Lawyer Beebe's Wife Declares He
Is Under a Hypnotist's
Control.
She Causes the Arrest of M. E. Tobin on
a Charge of Kidnaping Her
Husband.
PORTLAND, Ob., Jan. 24.— M.E. Tobin,
a man comparatively unknown here, was
arrested to-day for the alleged kidnaping
of W. Scott Beebe, formerly a prosperous
lawyer of the local bar. The arrest was
effected at the instance of Mrs. Jola Beebe,
wife of the latter.
Mrs. Beebe believes that Tobin is nndnly
influencing her husband hypnotically or
by the employment of drugs, the nature of
which is unknown to her. Mrs. Beebe
says she has every reason to believe that
Tobin is trying, if he has not already suc
ceeded in so doing, to gain complete con
trol over her husband's mind, to induce
Beebe to transfer to him certain valuable
real estate. Mrs. Beebe has been advised
to have her husband examined for in
sanity.
. Tobin is addicted to morphine, and it is
believed it is through the influence of this
drug that Tobin induced: the lawyer to
leave his wife and family several days ago
and since then remain in hiding.
SANTA BARBARA'S GUESTS.
Officers of the Philadelphia Feted by the
Country Club. P
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 24.—
Country Club held open house this after
noon in honor of the officers of the flagship
Philadelphia. The baud of the cruiser was
present and played upon the lawn. The
clubhouse and piazzas were crowded with
the * members and their . visitors and a
collation was served from the dining-room.
Tne day was singularly tine and altogether
the reception was a success. The guests
were received by Dr. Hall, tbe club's presi
dent, Captain Lord, Barrett Fithian and
Felton. . .
To-morrow the members of the various
clubs will be received on board the cruiser
from 2 until 5 o'clock. ,
OFFICER WILSON ARRESTED.
Accused of Preventing a Witness From
Testifying' in Court.
> SACRAMENTO, Cal.,' Jan. 24.— J. A.
Wilson, one of tbe oldest i members of the
Sacramento police force, was arrested this
morning on a charge of having attempted
to prevent a witness from testifying before
the Superior "•: Court. The ' complaint is
sworn to by A Grace Weston, who claims
that Wilson ordered her out of town be
cause she intended to appear as a witness
against- a creature named Bosquet, who
was convicted in the Superior Court of
driving his wife into a degrading life. '
Wilson claims that when he ordered the
Weston woman to leave town he did not
know that she was required as a witness in
the Bosquet trial. The case has created
intense interest in this city, as Wilson has
many friends.  _
SACRAMENTO CONVICTION.
Member of a Commission Firm Found
Guilty of Having Quail Exposed in
His Market.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 24.— L.
Heilbron, a member of one of the leading
commission firms of this city, was con
victed in the Police Court this afternoon of
violating the game law by having quail
exposed in his market after the 15th day
of January. Heilbron claimed that the
birds were not exposed for sale, having
been laid on the meatslabs for his own
individual use, and that be fully intended
to convey them to his residence at the end
of business hours.
The case created the greatest interest
throughout the sporting circles of the
State and local members of the fraternity
are jubilant over the knowledge that a con
viction for infringement of the game law
has been obtained in this city.
Marysville Citizens Defrauded.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Jan. 24.— L. C.
Bennett, a recent arrival, who was fruit
buyer for Peycke Bros, of Omaha, has
disappeared, after defrauding local orange
growers. He made payments of sight
drafts, which were returned to the banks
unhonored. Bennett left on "Wednesday
by a river steamer. He rode in the en
gine-room to Sacramento. In all he de
frauded to the amount of $300.
SANTA ROSA'S SENSATION.
The Mayor, City Councilmen and
Contractor Perkins Cited
for Contempt.
Charged With Accepting Incomplete
Water Works to Anticipate
a Decision.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 24.— An order
restraining the Mayor and City Council
from accepting the new water works or
any part thereof was received at the
County Clerk's office to-day. The order
also cites the Mayor, Paul B. Perkins, con
tractor, and tho six members of the City
Council to appear before Judge Dainger
field on February 1 and there show cause
why they should not be punished for con
tempt of court for unlawfully attempting,
on January 2, 1896, to accept on the one
part and deliver on the other part the in
complete water works, during the pen
dency of the action involving the validity
of the proceedings under which the works
are being constructed.
The affidavit of Plaintiff Mock is of
great length, reviewing the entire litiga
tion. It quotes the resolution of the City
Council accepting the new works, ana
alleges that the works were not complete;
that there has been no reservoir construct
ed, and that the Council accepted the in
complete works in order to anticipate an
adverse decision in the case. Upon this
showing Judge Uaingerlield issued the re
straining order, as well as the order citing
defendants to show cause for impeding,
embarrassing and obstructing the court in
the administration of justice.
SAN MATEO GRAND JURY
Its Annual Report Recommends
That County Prisoners Be
Made to Work.
Supervisors Urged to Grant No More
Licenses for So-Called Sparring
Matches at Colma.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 24. -The
San Mateo County Grand Jury has just
made its annual report and been relieved
from further duty. The financial affairs
of the various county officers were found
to be in satisfactory condition. Several
recommendations were made in reference
to road work, jail improvements and the
care of prisoners. The jury reported that
the jail was most unfortunately and incon
veniently located, aud recommended the
building of a better jail in a more conve
nient locality whenever the finances of
the county should permit. The need of a
better courthouse was also mentioned, but
the jury did not consider it advisable to
recommend a tax levy for courthouse im
provement at the present time.
The tramp nuisance was mentioned. It
was urged that tramps crowded the jails
of counties where they were not required
to labor. This is noticeable in San Mateo
County, and Sheriff McEvoy's "hotel" is
always well patronized by this class of
floating population. The county allows 50
cents per day for feeding prisoners, and
the bill amounts to about $2500 per annum.
The Grand Jury believes it is a mistake
for the prisoners to be "eating their heads
off" in ialeness, and recommends that they
be put at work quarrying and breaking
rock for use on the highways, which rock
can be hauled and spread by free labor.
Supervisor McEvoy's scheme to put pris
oners at work digging a tidal canal thirty
feet wide, from deep water at Steinberger
slough to a point at the edge of the Red
wood town limits was also referred to.
About $2000 per annum is paid to indi
gents living outside of the Poor Farm. In
several cases the individuals receiving
such aid were found to be unworthy and
the Grand Jury recommends that their
allowance be discontinued.
The superintendent and receiver of the
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Railway was summoned before the rand
Jury. "It was promised that early this
month the road between the rails and for
two feet on each side would be rocked in
accordance. with the terms of the grant of
right of way. If this work is not done im
mediately the Grand Jury recommends
proceedings should be commenced to can
cel the franchise.
The Colma slogging exhibitions came in
for a share of attention. The Grand Jury
recommends that the Supervisors grant
no more licenses for so-called sparring
matches.
Will Not Accept a Parole.
JEFFERSON VILLE, Ind., Jan. 24.— For
the first time in the history of State
prisons of the country a lifetime convict
charged with murder has refused a parole
from: the Governor. The prisoner 'is
James Johnson, who was sent from
Caseyville in 1893 for killing Leslie Bell.
He claims that he is innocent of, murder
and killed the man in self-defense, and for
this reason he ', will accept nothing less
than an unconditional pardon, which
would entirely clear his character.
Shooting Live Birds.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 24.— A* two
days' live pigeon-shooting tournament
opened at Eddihgton, the home of the
Philadelphia Gun Club, to-day. 7 The birds
were an unusually poor lot. Charles; Mc-
Alester," Fred Hoey a nd Junius H. Davies
did the best work of the day. Hoey killed
25 straight in the 25- bird match, while Mc-
Alester and Davies each grassed 24 out of 25.
SANTA CRUZ IS
THEIR CHOICE
Turners' Annual Fest May
Be Held in the City
by the Sea.
MEETING OF MEMBERS.
Verein Representatives to Gather
on Sunday and Select
the c Location.
ONE DELEGATE A WOMAN.
//z'-y-j'P.^
Vorwaerts of San Francisco the
First to Thus Honor the
Fair Sex.
'■ SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 24.— The Pa
cific turn district convention of the North
American Turner Bund will meet here on
Sunday. One of the principal features of
the convention, whose business sessions
are secret, will be the selection of a place
for the annual Pacific Coast turn fest in
August. Santa Cruz is quite likely to be
named, as San Francisco Turn Vereins
and others that have great strength of
members and wealthy members favor this
city, hoping thus to encourage the verein
here.
The following Turn Vereins will be rep
resented here to-morrow by delegates:
Sacramento, Oakland, Stockton, San Jose,
Napa; Eintracht, Vorwaerts and Mission
of San Francisco; Santa Cruz and Marys
ville.
Following is a list of the delegates, so
far as received, who will represent San
Francisco: The San Francisco Turn Ver
ein will send F. Attinger, R. Basth, A.
Brehm, A. Fuerth, L. Frank, L. Maskus,
R. Mueller, H. Maret, H. Planz, W.
Placeman, L. Schneider, J. Simmen, G.
E. Frost and J. Willen brink. The Mission
Turn Verein of San Francisco will be rep
resented by John Plato, Alb. Binse and
George Rutz. Turn Verein Vorwaerts
will send Mrs. P. Schweier, Messrs. Max
Lehmann, A. Berk3tatt, L. Thoenjes and
W. 11. Ritter. yi'/y/
The Vorwaerts is the only turn verein
that has ever sent a woman to a conven
tion, and for the first time in the history
of the turners has a woman had the right
to a seat and a vote in any session.
The delegates will arrive to-morrow
night, and the convention will open at 9
o'clock Sunday morning.
AFFECTED THE JUDGE.
Manly Speech of a Prisoner Secures the
Court's Leniency.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 24.— Fred
Brown, alias Tommy Atkins, who shot
Blanche Edwards on Christmas eve at
Watsonville, pleaded guilty of assault with
intent to murder, and was sentenced by
Judge Logan of the Superior Court to four
years in San Quentin. Brown had been in
jail here until Wednesday, awaiting pre
liminary hearing, the delay being neces
sary on account of the condition of the
woman, who was believed to be beyond
recovery. She has so far recovered, how
ever, as to have been able within the past
week to get into another quarrel.
Brown made a short speech when ar
raigned to-day, giving the details of the
quarrel with the woman, and making such
a manly and frank statement that the
court was inclined to leniency.
WALLA WALLA'S FREAK.
A Prison Inmate Who Insists
Upon Driving Nails , With
His Head.
. ■
Labors Under the Delusion That it
Is Working Loose From His ,
Shoulders.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Jan. 24.—
Word was received early this morning
from the penitentiary that Ira Reynolds, a
three-year convict from New ■ What
com, bad attempted suicide by driving a
nail into the top of his skull to.a depth of
two inches. After considerable difficulty
the prison physician extracted the nail.
When questioned about the insane deed
Heynolds said his head was growing loose
arid, unbalanced on his shoulders, and he
drove the nail in to fasten it on more se
curely.
Reynolds served a prior sentence of two
years at the penitentiary, and was dis
charged in 1894. His last sentence was for
a crime committed in Whatcom County.
While in jail in Whatcom he drove a
nail into his head, which was extracted
several weeks after. Still later two shingle
nails were extracted from his skull. Be
cause of this he was sent to the asylum at
Steilacoom. After a few months he was
pronounced sane and sent to the peniten
tiary to serve out his time.
Reynolds is 21 years of age and appears
bright and intelligent. His real name is
John Lewis.. His father resfdes in Cheha
• lis. As soon as he is able to undergo the
journey he will be sent to the asylum at
Medical Lake. ,
.FORBES AT SEATTLE.
Opinion of the Financier on the New
Issue of Bonds.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 24.— Allen B.
Forbes, who is visiting Seattle, represent
ing N. W. Harris & Co., bond buyers of
Chicago and New York, when asked to-day
as to the effect upon the country of the
Government popular loan, said:_
"It is tightening the money market. In
financial centers capital is centered upon
the Government loan, to the exclusion. of
other investments. People will not buy
until 1 the last minute. ), They expect that
something might happen between now
and February 25 which would be to their
advantage by waiting, and they desire to
observe the question in all its phases before
investing, but in my opinion all the bonds
will be taken in this country."
RELEASED AT SONORA.
■ . . ........
Wesley Mcßeynolds Discharged From the
Custody of the Sheriff. A'/pA- 7
SONORA, Cal., Jan. 24.— Wesley Mc
Reynolds, who was held by Justice Cooper
upon the confession of his sister, Ada Mc-
Reynolds; for the murder of George Mor
ris, Wells, Fargo (t Co.'s agent at Chinese
Camp, was to-day discharged on motion of
District Attorney Otis. '■[ ■.•'".'•
Leaving for Alaska Gold Fields.
'- SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 24.— The exodus
to the placer fields of Alaska is near at
hand, and two vessels, the steamer J. R.
Roberts and the schooner Wenomab, are
completing arrangements, and will sail in
a few days for the gold fields of the far
north. Is is estimated that fully 1000 resi
dents of Seattle alone will try their luck
in Alaska during the coming season.
SURPRISED BY SUTTON.
Spectators at the Billiard Tournament
Sato Good Playing.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24.— Sutton, the
Canadian, whose play in the billiard
tournament had been amateurish, sur
prised everybody this afternoon by beat
ing McLaughlin, who has taken rank with
Gallagher, in the closest and most exciting
contest of the series. Sutton explains his
previous poor playing on the ground that
he was not accustomed to American tables.
He found his stroke to-day, however, and
his draw shots, both long and short, com
bined with his admirable position play,
brought I out freouent applause. Score:
Sutton 400, highest run 86, average 13 23-39.
, McLaughlin 391, highest run 80, average
S run 13 27-28. — :/y ■■
Maggioli was badly beaten in the even
ing game with Hatley, the score being 400
to 245. The play was the slowest and. ex
cepting a few brilliant flashes from Hat
ley's cue, there was nothing to relieve the
monotony of bad breaks and ciphers for
the spectators.
Purchased by Adolph Spreckels.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Jan. 24.— Lew Weir,
bay stallion, by . Longfellow-Latonia, and
Eolo, by Eolius-War Song, have been pur
chased of Edward Corrigan and James
F. Caldwell, respectively, by Adolph
Spreckels, son of the sugar king, at prices
not given. The stallions, together with a
number of brood mares bought by Mr.
Spreckels from different breeders, left here
last night for San Francisco.
AFTER COLONEL CROETON.
A Rumor That His Resignation Would
Be Acceptable.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— morning
paper says: Guardhouse and sentry lines
at Fort Sheridan have been too weak to
restrain certain rumors which for more
than a weak have been going around in
army circles. Last night they outwitted
the watchfulness of the pickets and be
came common talk around the various
military centers of the city.
Reduced to lowest terms the stories are
that Colonel R. E. A. Crofton of the Fif
teenth j Infantry, and commandant of the
army post at Fort Sheridan, has been in
formed by the War Department that his
resignation from the army would be ac
cepted whenever tendered.
The arrival of Colonel C. G. Lee at the
Wellington yesterday morning gave rise to
.a report that he had been ordered to re
port to General Merritt for orders to take
command, vice Colonel Crofton.
Colonel Lee said last night that the re
port was a mere fabrication and that it
would be unbecoming of him as an officer
to make any comment concerning the
trouble at Fort Sheridan. Colonel Lee is
deputy quartermaster-general of the
United States, stationed at San Francisco.
He says that he is passing through the
city returning from a department errand.
Colonel Crofton appeared greatly sur
prised when informed of the report.
"I have no statement to make," was his
first remark, but in answer to further
questions he said that he had received no
communication of any kind from the War
Department, nor had he had any reason
to expect any such an intimation from the
authorities. He added: ■ ■-,
"There has been a good deal of trouble
here in the past, but it is such as might
have happened to any man. First there
was that Maney-Hedberg case, which in
no way concerned me, and then later Mr.
Pague got drunk and shot at me for no
reason whatever. He had just as much
cause to shoot you."
STARTEO IN MANY PLACES.
Lively Blaze at an Asylum for the
V'/r-'-t '.; Criminal Insane. .
NEWBURGH, N. V., Jan. 24.-Fire
started in the kitchen of the Matteawan
State Hospital for the Criminal Insane in
three or four places this afternoon and it
took the combined efforts of the Mattea
wan j and Fighkill Landing fire depart
ments two hours to subdue the flames. It
is Impossible to estimate the amount of
damage to-night. There much excite
ment among the 540 inmates when the
alarm was given, but quiet was soon re
stored. No persons had to leave the build
ing and nobody was injured. It is be
lieved the fire was started by an inmate
named C. S. Mitchell. He has a mania for
incendiarism and matches were found on
his person.
Execution of a Thug.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 24.— Henry C. Fos
ter, a negro, 23 years of age, known as
"Black Bear," was hanped to-day for the
murder of George W. Wells. Foster was
a professional thug. He had started out
from an opium den on the night preceeding
the murder and had committed six high
way robberies when, at 4 o'clocK in the
morning, he met and sandbag. cd Henry
Werkmeister. His victim called for help.
Wells appeared and was shot by Foster.
Funny Idea of Distance.
IOWA FALLS, la., Jan. 24.— A family
living in Wright County has been expect
ing relatives from the old country to pay
them a visit. The old-country people
seem to have a meager idea of the distance
intervening between Massachusetts and
lowa. Their relatives here have just re
ceived this notice: "Please meet us at
Boston with a team, as our funds have
been exhausted."
Edmund Law Rogers Dead.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. .24.— Edmund
Law Rogers died at his home in this city
to-day, aged 80 years. Mr. Rogers was a
lineal descendant of Martha Custis Wash
ington. He was graduated from Harvard
in the class of '32.
PASSING OP THE QUAKER.
That Famous Society How Dying: for
Want of Votaries.
We take it that the Quaker idea of culti
vating "the stillness and the quietness,"
which has so great an effect upon their
children's education, is identical in effect
with that practice of , "retreat," for which
thousands of minds in our fussy genera
tion have so deep, and we may'add so in
effectual, a longing. Even their peculiari
ties of dress and language have long since
ceased to excite ridicule, and are hardly
more distinctive than those of. earnest
Socialists, or of the newest successful Pro
testant denomination.
Perfect toleration, which has benefited
so many creeds, has almost killed the
Quakers, and in the. hour of triumph of
their most prominent ideas, their society
is dying, or nearly dying, of want of
votaries. They have leavened the com
munity, and they are being absorbed
into it. One would have thought that
thousands of families would have
joined their communion as a kind
of intellectual "retreat," safe from
the pressure of a battling world, but it
is not so, and if they have not for a
few years actually decreased, they are
never without tne apprehension that, in
this country at least, they may disappear,
swallowed up , in the multitude of those
who agree/with; and yet do not belong to,
their communion. The Spectator.
. Epernay, France, is a i vast subterranean
"city of champagne." For miles and miles
there are streets hewn out of :' solid chalk,
flanked piles of champagne of, all
brands and qualities. There is no light in
this labyrinth of streets, crossings and
turnings except what the sputtering can
dles afford. : v-iSigiS|
The Russian Government realized $75 -
000 by. selling waste shot and shell fired
into Sebastopol.
THE BARK LORTON
REACHES PORTLAND
Safe Return of a Vessel
Supposed to Have Gone
Down.
BATTLE WITH A GALE.
Narrowly Escaped Being- Dashed
on the Rocky Shore of
Vancouver.
LIFEBOATS WERE PROVISIONED.
Luck Stayed With the Craft and
Brought It Out of a Perilous
Position,
PORTLAND, Ok., Jan. 24. — Captain
Archer of the British bark Lorton, just in
port from Mazatlan, and supposed to have,
been lost, is congratulating himself j that
the bones of. his ship are not now resting
on the rocks of Vancouver Island. . The
Lorton's escape was a narrow one, so close
in fact that at one time the boats were pro
visioned and got ready to leave the ship. .
Mazatlan was left on November 30, and
after a tedious voyage, during which for
sixteen days the vessel was becalmed, Til
lamook Head was sighted on January 3.
The same night, a heavy gale came on and
the ship was headed out to sea, standing
off and on until Sunday morning at 9:30
o'clock, when land was sighted on the port
bow. It being a lee shore the. ship wore
and stood off to the westward until 128
deg. west longitude was reached. Here
the Lorton was again got around, and for
four days held on with the wind south
southeast to east-southeast.
On the 9th entirely unexpected land ap
peared ahead, and hardly four miles dist
tant. The ship was wore round on the port
tack, heading west-southwest, the wind
holding from the south. For hours the
Lorton dragged along, barely holding her
offing until the north head of the Gulf of
Kootka was reached. Here Captain
Archer managed to get the sun's altitude
and was astonished to find himself in 49
42 north latitude, having drifted 200 miles,
or at the rate of fifty miles a day during
tbe four days elapsed.
When the Lorton passed the headland,
a strong current caught her and carried
the bark up the gulf. It wan then the
boats were provisioned, as there seemed
no possible chance of saving the vessel.
Through some strange freak of the cur
rent, however, the bark made the entire
circuit of the gulf, keeping always equi
distant from the shore, and emerging at
the south head, picked up a shift of wind
from the northward and stood away to the
south, the pilot coming aboard on the 12th
and anchor being dropped off Astoria on
tbe 13th.
A PORT TOWNSEND CANARD.
j Denial of a Sensational Story Concerning
Judge Scott's Wife.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 24.—
' The dispatches recently sent out from this
> city to the effect that Mrs. J. N. Scott, wife
| of Judge Scott and sister-in-law of ex-Presi
j dent Harrison, had been arrested for as
-1 saulting her servant girl are wholly un-
I truthful and without foundation. " The
, serving woman was subject to fits of insan
j ity and attacked her mistress with an ax.
Mrs. Scott succeeded in defending herself
! and escaped from her assailant after a se-
I vere struggle, the shock of which has seri
ously prostrated her.
NEW TO-DAY.
Come With
Your
Children
To our store to-day and see the
New Goods we have for all ages
and sizes of boys. To-day we
are going to have another -'Chil-
dren's day," such as proved so
popular in the Fall. We have
brought out our best goods, and
put the prices away down. For
instance :
Children's Neat and Natty <I>l jr/-\
Suits— extra value sJI.OW
Handsome Reefers, Che- <CQ OO
- viotsand Casslmeres... *P^j.\j\J
Reefer Suits, Cheviots,
blues and browns, ele- CIO C^O
Combination Suits, extra <CC OO
pair pants and cap....... s"»«J»v/vy
Cape Overcoats, cheviots
and Casslmeres, $2.50 GJQ OC
and xPjC.m-c.<lJ
And lots more equally good and
cheap. You. can see just what
they are in our well-lighted
store— everything as plain as
day. . Big bargains for your boys
to-day. Don't miss such a
chance.
H. ROMAN & CO.,
Cor. Market and Fifth Sts.
We give better attention to Mail Orders
than any other city store doe"* or can.
MOXEYTO Mr 1 I liberal advances upon
i!l-J.lJljI IV liVHil approved Heal Estate
and improvements, for repayment in a DEFINITE
SXfMBBK of monthly Installments, to suit bor-
rower. Applv to the CALIFORNIA GUARANTEE
[ IN VESTMENT CO., 320 Montgomery St., S. 9.
■luWm.ih Mil 111 I I ill 111 ll II I I 11111l III! 11111 TTVI
34
EPITOME OF
SAN JOSE NEWS
Shooting of a Chinaman
Who Was Raiding a
Henroost.
LITTLE TOTS ABUSED.
The Humane Society to Take
the Children of a Dissolute
Couple.
CAPITALIST PIERCY'S CASE.
New Trial Wanted by the Man Con
victed of Having Wronged
Miss Pyle.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 24.— Hock Toon,
a Chinese poultry thief, was shot in the
leg at an early hour this morning while
trying to gain an entrance to C. B. Tarle
ton's chicken-house at the corner of Four
teenth street and Berryessa road.
Mr. Tarleton has been missing chickens !
of late, and a few days ago he connected a i
wire on the chicken-house door with a !
burglar alarm in his room. About 4 o'clock j
this morning he was awakened by the ;
alarm, and, with his son, rushed out into j
the yard. A Chinaman was seen fleeinc !
over the back fence, and Mr. Tarleton fired
at him with a shotgun, but missed. His !
son then fired with a 22-caliber rifle, :
hitting the Mongol in the left leg and
bringing him to the ground. The thief
was taken to the County Jail and treated !
by the county physician. The bullet had ■
passed through the bone of the leg, and j
the wound is painful, but not dangerous.
Hock Toon this afternoon pleaded guilty j
to a charge of petty larceny, before Justice j
Dwyer, and was sentenced to 180 days in !
the County Jail.
FOR RECREATION GROUNDS.
Normal School Trustees Order an Im- i
provement Pleasing to Students.
SAN JOSE, Cal,, Jan. 24.— The Board of
State Normal School Trustees at its meet
ing this morning granted the petitions of
the students for recreation grounds. A
plat of about three acres on the north side
of the grounds was set apart for the young
ladies, where they can have lawn-tennis
and basket-ball courts, and on the south
side about the same space was allotted to
the young men for baseball grounds.
It was decided to substitute shade trees
in place of blue grass in some parts of the
grounds, as the appropriations were not
sufficient to meet the expense of caring for
a lawn. The board adjourned until the
annual meeting in June.
GIRL AND MONE It GONE.
Miss Rod's Elopement Robbed Her Father
of His Home, 7/. 7 7.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. Mary L.
Rod, the 17-year-old daughter of Frederic
Rod, eloped with F. H. Coy, a man of 35,
a few days ago. An interesting story in
connection with the affair came out to
day.
It appears that Rod had deeded his resi
dence to his daughter on condition that
she would keep house for him. The girl
secured employment at a hotel as a wait
ress about three weeks ago. Coy was a
guest of the house, and as he was a man of
pleasing address, soon won the affections
of the new waitress. He induced her to
deed the family residence to him last Tues
day, and the same day Coy mortgaged the
place for $200. The "couple then left for
parts unknown. An effort will be made to
bring Coy back and have the transfer and
mortgage set aside. \p ■ /7_ : X "■'-
NEGLECT THEIR CHILDREN.
Offspring of a Dissolute Couple to Be
Taken I'roxn Them.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. Frank R.
Shatter, president of the Humane Society,
to-day applied for letters of guardianship
of Samuel and George Henderson, aged 10
and B years respectively, children of Mrs.
Annie Berryman by a former husband,
and James Berryman, aged 5 years, a child
of her present "husband, Thomas Berry
man.
The petitioner recites that Thomas Ber
ryman and his wife are unfit to care for
the children because of their dissolute
habits and their frequent intoxication.
They are also said to almost wholly neg
lect the children as to providing the com
mon necessaries of life.
NATIVE SONS IN POLITICS.
San Jose's Society to Be Extended to
Include the Entire County.
SAN. JOSE, Cal., Jan. 24.— At a meet
ing of the Native Sons' Political Club last
evening statistics -were presented showing
that there are about 3000 natives in' the
county. It is proposed to change the name
of the club to the "Native Sons' Civic Club
of Santa -Clara County," thus extending
its scope and membership throughout -the
county.
It is expected the membership of the
organization will grow rapidly, and the
club will cut quite a figure in county poli
tics. The order is in no way connected
with the fraternal order of Native Sons.
IT WILL BE BUILT. :*-~
The Projected Railroad to Saratoga to
Become a Reality.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 24.— 1t is pretty
generally understood that the projected
railway between this city and Saratoga
will be built and that during the coming
week L. M. Hale will apply to the Board
of Supervisors for a franchise. While
some of the $50,000 bonus for tbe road still
remains to be subscribed it is thought that
property-owners in the vicinity of First
and San Antonio streets, the" proposed
terminus of the road, will subscribe lib
erally to the fund.
PIERCY NOT SATISFIED.
Wants a New Trial of the Breach of
Promise Suit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 24.-A notice of I
intention to move for a new trial of the j
suit for $50,000 damages for breach of !
promise, instituted by Miss Jessie Pvle
against Edward M. Pierey, the capitalist, j
and which resulted in a verdict for $12,000 j
for plaintiff, has been filed by Piercy's at- j
torneys. . The grounds on which tbe new
trial is asked are irregularities during the
trial and others customary in such cases.
The Rose Fair Pavilion.
SAN JOSE, Cai... Jan. . 24.— The execu
tive committee of the Carnival of Roses
has concluded that the bids submitted for
the erection of the carnival pavilion are
too high and will erect the building itself.
J. H. Henry, W. C. Andrews and C. M.
Wooster have been appointed a committee
to supervise the building of the pavilion,
which will cost in the neighborhood of
$10,000. /'" .7-;
YOU CAN ALMOST TASTE THEM.
Vivid and "Poetical Characterizations of
Some Old Sherries.
The man who is not a connoisseur of old
wines may not understand the fine points
of a particular vintage, or realize the im
portance of an accurate history of each
bottle. But there is a former dealer who
has the art of criticism down to a nicety
which might almost amuse the man to
whom burgundies are so nearly alike that
the difference is not worth bothering
about. Indeed, some clubmen whose
judgment of wines is respected by their
fellows find in this old chap's character
ization of his wines an enthusiasm and a
depth of feeling which go Quite beyond
them. Although retired from business
he retains some liquid treasures which he
is willing to part with to those who ap
preciate them. The purchaser is pretty
sure to be a jud-re himself. One would
hardly spend $60 or $70 for a dozen bottles
of sherry who was not keenly alive to the
delights which lie hidden behind the cork.
The old merchant's descriptions of his
sherries form an interesting climax. He
begins with a new wine, relatively. It is
of the vintage of 1845, and really youthful
in comparison with some of the gems of
his cellar. This is of pale color. It is "an
extremely delicate-flavored and silky wine
of choice and exquisite aroma," bottled in
1856 and rebottled in 1868. A mere trifle
of $50 a case will secure possession of this.
An amontillado of 184-1 is "firm, silky and
sprincy," demijohned in 1850, bottled in
1855 and rebottled in 1870; another of 1830
is evidently the owner's pride. He de
scribes it as "a firm, round-bodied, silky
wine of esquisite softness and the most
choice and delicate flavor; fragrant aroma,
balmy to the oalate." And all this for $70
a case.
For $55 a case one may secure an oloroso
of 1844. It is of "generous flavor, rich
perfume, refreshing aftertaste, combined
with great firmness nnd softness." An
other oloroso, four years older and a little
more expensive, has a "clean, delicate
flavor, is light, but firm-bodied, with an
exquisite perfume." It was demijohned
in 1854, bottled in 1860 anil rebottled in
1875. Another lot of the same year has
"its choice characteristics in harmonious
equilibrium." Next comes a firm, silky
ami grainy" oloroso of 1830 at $80 a case,
and one of 1830 at $85, about which the en
thusiast rhapsodizes as follows: "A most
delicate, subdued, pungent flavor, full of
vinosity, exquisite softness and firmness;
fragrant perfume, generous, without po
tency; demijohned in 1836, bottled 1344,
rebottled 1874."
But an oloroso which' has passed three;
score and ten years in age, having been j
pressed from the grape in 1824, calls forth j
the final crash in the crescendo. It is "of i
pale color, a perfectly matured, choice j
wine. The heat of its spirits is dissipated, '
mellowed down to a sott fullness, with a |
subdued pungent flavor; firm and silKy, i
yet fresh and springy. Bottled 1835, re- j
bottled 1369." Could anything go beyond
that? Yet $95 will buy an entire case of j
this liquid poetry. •-'-.; <
A YOUNG DESPERADO'S NERVE.
>*o Lack of Affability Toward tho Gen-
tlemen Who Had Come to Hang Him.
J. K. Chambers, Union Depot ticket
agent, when in a reminiscent mood can
tell many interesting stories of the
West in early days. He was in the service
of the Government at Sydney when that
town was the toughest place in Nebraska,
if not in the "West, and whence per
sons bound for the Black Hills started. A
few days ago Mr. Chambers was sitting in
the Milwaukee city office and the conver
sation turned to early days in the trans-
Missouri country and bravery.
"The man of iron nerve I saw in Sydney
in '77," said Mr. Chambers, "was a beard
less man, scarcely more than a boy, and I
should judge had not reached his majority.
He was a tough man even in Sydney, and
his reputation was sustained, for he always
carried a revolver, and he would shoot "at
the drop of the hat. His name was Doug
Reed.
"It was said around town that he would
never die a natural death. Tnat turned
out true, as he was lynched by a mob one
evening, and that is where he displayed
his nerve.
"The lynchers took the keys and un
locked the doors and went into the cell
where Reed was. He was smoking a cigar
when the men came iD, and when he saw
them he looked up as cool as you please.
*- 'Good-evening* gentlemen; I suppose
you are going to take me out and hang
me,' be said, as ncnchalently as though
he was asking them to take a drink. He
was told that he was correct in his suppo
sition. r..'y;yyy: 4
"He got up as unconcernedly as you
j please, and, putting on his coat, he re
marked that he was all ready, if the rest
were. He walked through the jail and out
I into the moonlight, still smoking.his cigar,
and even making little rings of smoke.
| He simply glanced up at the moon, and,
turning to one of the -men, asked him
; where te was going to be swung off, say
ing that it was of no use walking a man a
' mile or so out into the country.
"He was marched up the street to a tele
graph pole that stood in the very heart of
• the town. By this time half the towns
| people were around. A rope had been
; brought along, and it was slipped over his
; head and he was bound. .
" 'I can't climb that pole and fall off. I
ought to have a ladaer so I can get up,' he
i said, and accordingly a ladder was
I brought and placed against the pole. He
! was asked if he had anything to say, and"
; remarked that he hadn't, and if he had he
wouldn't. When the ladder was placed
against the pole one of the men started up
I to tie one end of the rope about the pole.
1 " 'Yon -needn't do that,' he said, for if
j you will unwind these cords -about my
j wrist's I'll do it.' •
I "The cords were unwound and he
! Climbed .up the pole as far as the ladder
| reached and fastened the rope around the
j pole. ' When- ho had done this he looked
j around over the crowd, standing very
| quietly then, arid called out:
" 'Good-by, boys.'
"With that he jumped off the ladder,
and in a few minutes his lifeless body was
: swinging there. His nerve never forsook
; him once. He acted through it all just as
i though he was used to it. He was the
1 nerviest man I ever met."— World
; Herald. y-/*/-y yy-.y
HO DQOTOR'S BILLS.
In Sweden tho Men of the Profession
Trust to One's Honor.
Sweden has doctors, but no doctor's
bills. If you have occasion to call a physi
cian you will find him not only skillful,
but a highly educated and most honorable
gentleman. You will abo have another
proof of the honesty of the Swedes and
their friendly confidence in each other.
Swedish doctors send no bills to their
patients..
When you shall pay your physician is
left entirely to your own choice. The rich
pay him liberally whether they have need
of his services or not, if he has been once
retained by them. The poor pay him a
small sum, and • the very poor pay him
nothing. " Yet he visits the poor as faith
fully as he does the rich.
On the last day of the year you put into
an envelope, addressed to your physician,
a sum of money which "yon think not
only sufficient to compensate him,
but in • accordance with your position
in life, and, inclosing your card with
the money, send the envelope by a ser
vant to your doctor. The servant returns
with the card of the doctor in a sealed en
velope directed to you. This ■ shows that
be has received your money, and no
word about the matter ever passes be
tween you.
Should you send him nothing he will
come and prescribe for you all the next
year, and as long as you live, and he is too
dignified to ever say a word about it.—
Pittsburg Dispatch.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, IW
LOS ANGELES
FUNDS STOLEN.
County Officials Are Scored
in a Grand Jury -
Report.
CASE OF CLERK WARD.
Proceedings to Recover Public
Moneys He Withholds Is
Recommended.
RETRENCHMENT THE ORDER.
Whittier's Reform School for Boys and
Girls Declared to Be on the Pa
, ternalistic Order.
LOS ANGELES, Cai,., Jan. 24.— The re
port of the Grand Jury, filed in Depart
ment 1 of the Superior Court, was ordered
spread upon the minutes by Judge Smith
this morning. The document bristles with
statistics ''and gives evidence of much
painstaking labor. Attention is drawn to
the loose methods obtaining in certain of
the county departments, and stress is laid
upon the absolute necessity for retrench
ment in expenditures, while no specific
means for arriving at su- a desirable end
is advocated.
, As to the County School Superintendent
the report says that tho present system of
accounting is good, and the discrepancies
between this and the Auditor's office,
chiefly due to the payment of a forged
warrant in 1882, have been ordered -closed.
In 1892 and 1893 thirty schools were not
visited.
"The law compels the Supervisors to
deduct $10 for each school not visited," it
declares, "but no such refund was made,
the overpay to the County Superintendent
being $300. The Superintendent, as secre
tary of the Board of Education, receives
$5 per day. This makes two payments, or
$15 for one day's work. The law should be
amended so as to confine him to his salary.
The annual cost of the board was $2269 30.
"The State has four normal schools,
which are graduating about 200 teachers
annually, for a population showing an al
most imperceptible increase, and one in
stead of two yearly examinations would
serve every useful end. Considering the
enormous taxes retrenchment in every de
partment of public service is imperative,
nor should the department of education bo
made an exception when retrenchment
will not impair its efficiency.
"The Whittier State school has 460 boys
and girls, and the management is calcu
lated to attain its object and even more.
This implies credit to the management,
but it carries with it a growing evil to the
public; it is making for paternalism. The
cost of each scholar is not less than $320 a
yeor, and it will be better that children
below a certain age and those who have
committed trivial offenses be refused ad
mission." a/T~ T'7A7~
An examination of the office was made
from July 1, 1894, to July 1, 1895. It was
found by the jurors that Mr. Ward appro
priated to his own use the following county
funds: On February 29, 1892, fee funds,
$1732 86; April 10, 1893, by warrant on City
Treasury, $20; received and not credited,
$14; January, 1891, to January, 1895, in
solvency fees, $676 25; July, 1894, to Jan
uary, 1>95, errors, $12 10; January 7, 1895.
trust funds, $2513; trust funds marked
paid but no vouchers shown, $1776 05.
F. E. Lowry, Deputy Couity Clerk under
T. H. Ward, appropriated to his own use
moneys of the county as follows : October,
1894, the sum of $559 85; November, 1895,
the sum of $310 10; November, 1894, the
sum of $485 85. • ...-'A- 7,
"The system of bookkeeping was loose,"
says the report, "and trust funds, not
being paid into the county treasury,
opened a channel for dishonesty. We are
informed that the amounts taken by Mr.
Lowry and Mr. Ward have been paid into
the treasury by Mr. Ward.
"He was careless in the oversight of his
office, and he claims he was misled as to
its condition and his liability. We recom
mend that legal proceedings be at once
instituted against Mr. Ward and his bonds
men for the recovery of the moneys be
longing to the county and now retained
by Mr. Ward. We believe that all ac
counts of public business should be a pub
lic record, as they ara under the present
management." "/A/y -}'-/
The examination of the Public Admin
istrator's office extended from January 1,
1893, to October 28, 1895. \ The amount of
fees paid into the' treasury for the thirty
four months was $3000; salary for same
period $8500, a cost to the county of $5500
more for the time indicated than the fees
collected. The jury believes the expenses
of this office • are" largely in excess of the
benefits derived, and the work could be
better done by the Superior Court.
The report gives the particulars of the
contract made by the Attorney-General
and State Controller with R. F. House, for
the collection > of taxes due on property
sold to the State since 1870. Under this
contract House got fees amounting to over
$16,000, and the 'jury suggests that the
Board of Supervisors test the constitution
ality of the act of 1893, which legalized the
payment of this money. ' .
COUP D'ETAT OF NAPOLEON 111.
Recollections of a General Who Helped
A'AP/to Betray France. -.
Some interesting passages from General
Fleury's reminiscences' are published in
advance to-day. They refer to ' the' coup
d'etat of ■ December, 1851, the general be.
ing, as republicans would call him, an
accomplice of Louis Napoleon in that
event. .
The distinguished soldier says that he,
Persigny and others knew full well what
was Intended on the night of December 1,
1851. Fleury was first equerry to the
Prince, and had orders to get horses sad
dled and to keep an escort in waiting for
any emergency. When the lights in the
Elysee Palace were put out ail the officers
had to go to their rooms and to remain in
uniform there until called upon. Toward
ii o'clock in " the morning * Fleury was
sent for by the Prince,' whom, he
found booted and spurred, but in
his dressing gown, and sipping coffee
with complete ... calmness. After a few
words as to what was about to take
place, the Emperor directed his equerry to
see that Canrober brigade i took up its
place on ; the ground between the Made
leine and .-the; Elysee, that Cotte should
occupy Place de la Concorde, and that
the neavy cavalry from Vincennes, with,
the cuirassiers of the city garrison, should
form up in the Champs Elysees. Persigny
was sent to the Chamber to communicate
with Colonel Espinasse, who had already
entered the Palais Bourbon, and other
j officers were instructed to see that the
occupation by troops of the Tuileries
Gardens, the ' Quay d'Orsay and the In
( valides was properly effected. '
| Suddenly Fleury . recollected that in 1848
j the troops, not having been paid or fed
| during the outbreak of the revolution,
I joined . the insurgents, who led' them to
I taverns and gave them focd and drink.
He accordingly turned back and asked the
Prince-President if the soldiers were to be
allowed extra money in addition to their
meager campaigning rations, so that they
might be able to buy wine and food in the
event of any barricade work' being neces
sary. '-A capital idea," said Louis Na
poleon, and he at once sent for his private
secretary and asked him how much money
he had on hand. "Two thousand pounds
in gold pieces," was the reply. This sum
was given out to the generals and colonels.
''The money," remarks Fleury, "was lent
by M. de Grimaldi to the President a few
days previously, and as will be seen it is
far from the immense sums which, accord
ing to the- enemies of the empire, were
drawn from the Bank of France for the ex
penses of the coup d'etat." ; "•*,*;
--"I declare this upon my conscience,"
writes the general. At 8 o'clock in the
morning the President's uncle, King Je
rome, joined the persons at the Elysee,
and made a great impression owing to his
striking resemblance to his brother.
Prince Jerome Napoleon refused to follow
his father, declining, as Fleury remarks,
to recognize an event by which he was
destined to profit so largely, and showing
that spirit of opposition to "which the tem
porary effacement of the Bouapartist party
is due. .■"*.-- i : - -. ■--•-
Toward 10 o'clock the Prince and his
uncle rode out, and were loudly acclaimed
in the Champs Elysees by the troops from
Vincennes. People also joined in the en
thusiastic demonstration, and a few hours
afterward the recalcitrant Deputies. Ber
ryer, De Broglie. Odilon, Barrot, and their
followers, who bad gone to the Mayor's
Hall of the Tenth Arrondissemeat, were
sent to Mont Valerien, Mazas and Vin
cennes. Colonel Feray said to Berryer and
others who had been plying him with'ques
tions, "You must make up your minds at
once, gentlemen; the whole army is en
gaged in this event, and will go to the end,
cost what it may." Fleury also states
that he personally dissuaded the President
from riding along the main boulevards,
where . the republicans bad a strong and
determined crowd with them. The narra
tor started on this journey with General
Tartas and a strong escort, and the soldiers
replied to the shourt of "Vive la Repub
lique" by "Vive Napoleon," which Fleury
himself "cried out first. While galloping
by the Porte St. Denis a shot was fired
from the window, and Fleury was grazed
in the back of the head by the bullet,
which was prevented from doing damage
by , the leather of his shako. He was in
the brilliant uniform of a lieutenant
colonel of Hussars at the time.
No serious events, however, occurred
until December 3, when Deputy Baudin
was shot in the Faubourg St. Antoine, but
tho extracts dealing with General Fleury'a
souvenirs did not reach this period, so that
his books must be awaited before further
side lights can be thrown on the coup
d'etat. The extracts are, however, suffi
cient to show that Fleury, who suggested
the judicious distribution of money to the
army, played no unimportant part by the
side of St. Arnaud, Morny, Maupas and
Louis Napoleon himself throughout the
remarkable drama, which he recounts in a
plain, straightforward and unvarnished
manner. — London Telegraph.
THE BEEOHER TRIAL.
It Cost Parties to the Suit Not Less
Than 8350,000.
Plymouth Church, some time prior to
the trial, took action resolving to support
Mr.. Beecher, and raising $100,000 for the
expenses of his defense. They also author
ized a committee of thirty-five young men
to place themselves at the command of the
lawyers to do the routine work of process
servers and detective's. These were organ
ized into a detective bureau, and through
it the character and antecedents of every
man on the jury list and of every | person
who was liable to figure in any capacity in
the trial were thoroughly investigated.
Everything in print bearing upon the trial
was made a subject of special investigation
and every rumor run down. '.'
Moreover, each member of the commit
tee was the head of a private committee of
ten or more assistants, who labored with
equal zeal in making inquiries that would
benefit the preacher and confuse his ene
mies. One result of these inquiries was
that Moulton's character suffered so se
verely that he took a much less conspicu
ous part in the trial than he had proposeu
for himself; another was one of the most
thoroughly prepared cases for tho de
fense that was ever tried in a court.
When the trial opened Mr. Beech
er's lawyers had exact informa
tion of the character and antecedents
of every attache of the court from Judge
Neilson to the doorkeepers, and of every
juror, not only upon the regular panel but
also upon the special panel of 750. This
information was written upon slips of
paper, 1 inch by 5 in dimensions, and
saved many peremptory challenges. In
spite of this, both sides exhausted their
challenges. After the jury had been se
lected those familiar with the inside of
the case offered odas that there would be
disagreement in the proportion of 8-4, 9-3
or 10-2 in favor of acquittal.
The accuracy of these estimates may be
guessed from the final ballot, which stood
9 to 3 in Mr. Beecher's favor.
The trial lasted six months and the jury
was out one week. The oratory of the sum
ming up was probably the greatest in the
history of American law trials. General
Tracy's address to the 'jury lasted five
days, and the public believed it was an im
promptu effort. As a matter of fact it repre
sented six months of intense application!
and midnight oil. It was replete with
poetry, :., historical similes, literary
quotations and flowery rhetoric. It
was rewritten wholly or in part
at least five times. A distinguished
man of letters edited it carefully, and
when delivered it represented perhaps the
most finished piece of oratorical workman
ship that the American bar has known.
The best commentary on this masterly ef
fort is that after it j had : appeared in the
newspapers, along with the other speeches,
it was printed in book form, and over 100,
--000 copies were sold. p ..
The cost of this famous trial figured up
$70,000 for Tilton, ; which • Moufton de
frayed. Mr. Beecher first and .last paid
out the princely sum of $280,000, and the
famous controversy ended almost where it
began so far as popular esteem of the liti
gants is concerned.— New York Mail and
Express.
An Octogenarian's Record.
John Speer entered his eightieth year
yesterday, and celebrated the event by
making a world's record for a printer of
that age, setting 10,000 ems in eight hours.
Mr. Speer is the pioneer editor of Kan
sas, but Quautrell burned v his office in the
Lawrence massacre and killed two of his
sons, since which time he has been in com
paratively poor circumstances.
A few months ago he concluded to pub
lish the life of that .picturesque -Kansas
statesman, Senator "Jim". Lane. He is
now at the work, and has "60 pages out of
400 stereotyped. As an instance' of his re
markable memory he is compiling the life
of Lane as be sets the type. . He averages
8000 ems a day,' Those who bave read the
proofs say the history is T very correct, and
the literary style quite interesting. . yy-PSz
... Mr. Speer will have no, assistance in the
work, and he insists on setting all the type
(composing as he goes along),' and making
up the forms for the.book himself. He
has two cases of type at the residence of
his son, and he stands up before them
eight hours every day., -Mr.' Speer was in
the' first batch of immigrant's that came
irom New England to Lawrence to oppose
slavery .in Kansas, and - was conspicuous
both personally and with his pen in the
light for a free Suite.— Wichita (Kans.)
correspondence of the Chicago Tribune.
Alexandre Dumas bequeathed ' to . the
Louvre a fine portrait ' of . himself, painted
in 1876 by Meissonier. //Tp - ; "
■• • ■: . . .-■■
THE REBEL PRIVATEERS
Exploits of the Confederate Ves
sels During the War
Recalled.
THE HATTEEAS AND ALABAMA.
Admiral Wilkes' Vexation at Not Re
ceiving Force Enough to Capture
Southern Cruisers.
. The second volume of the "Official Rec
ords of the Union and Confederate Navies
of the War of the Rebellion" has appeared
from the Navy Department. It contains a
history of the operations of the cruisers
from January 1, 1563, to March 31, 18Gi. As
In the first volume, .Bays the Baltimore
Sun, the book is divided into a collection of
reports, orders and letters of Union officers
and such papers, official and personal, of
the Confederate commanders as could be
obtainec' by the editors. -While there is a
division of the Union from the Confeder
ate documents the papers cover about the
same period of time in each volume, an
arrangement adopted in order to preserve
continuity in the narrative, especially in
the Confederate matter. 7/77,
The present volume from the corre
spondence introduced shows very clearly
the inefficiency of the West Indian squad
ron, then commanded by Admiral Charles
Wilkes, to whom fell the gigantic task of
frustrating the blockade-runners and pur
suing such elusive Confederate vessels as
the Alabama, the Chesapeake and the
Florida. Wilkes' letters to the Secretary,
and he wrote many of them, furnish a de
tailed account of his uncessful pur
suit of "the rebel . Semmes," and
"the Southern pirate." Wilkes nat
urally encountered much difficulty
with diplomatic questions, as did,
in fact, Semmes, and the correspondence
of both officers is an interesting summary
of the effort to convince the Governors of
foreign ports that there was no violation
of the neutrality laws. Secretary Gideon
Welles followed these controversies with
great closeness, and a good part of Wilkes'
contributions to the Navy Department is
divided between a report of his movements
and an explanation of his conduct in for
eign ports. Secretory Welles took occasion
to warn Wilkes not to trespass upon what
were really British' waters. This note of
warning was sounded in response to the
protest of the British Minister, and Wilkes
very promptly denied a violation of or dis
regard for neutral obligations. In a letter
to the Secretary he says: 7'}," \
It does seem to me very remarkable that
when the British man-of-war are receiving
every attention and ki rlness in the ports of
the Union they should show such a want of
common courtesy as to endeavor to find fault
with or carp at what benefits and small things,
Indeed, that our vessels derive from the little
intercourse they have had with any of the in
habitants of these islands. They have always
sought us, rather than we them, for- the pur
pose of profit. ;. ■•--..: y
Much of the volume is devoted to an
account of the pursuit of the Alabama,
including some interesting papers on the
engagement between the United States
steamer Hatteras, tinder command of
Lieutenant-Commander Blake, and the
Confederate ship Alabama, under Semmes.
According to the report of Blake, the dis
aster which overtook his vessel might have
been much more serious. He relates this
last fight on his ship with a directness
I that loses none of the dramatic force
i which such accounts usually possess. He
I says he maintained an active fire with
I the double hope of disabling the Alabama
and of attracting the attention of tbe
Union fleet off Galveston, which was only
twenty-eight miles away. At this time the
Hatteras was on fire in two places and
beyond human power, a hopeless wreck
| upon the waters. He realized there was
I no hope and that the ship was sinking.
j There was time for all the survivors to get
j from the Hatteras to the Alabama. He
i adds, as the one consolation left him:
j "Ten minutes after leaving the Hatteras
■ she went down, bow first, with her pennant
at her masthead, with all her muskets and
| stores of every character, the enemy not
; being able, owing to her rapid sinking, to
j obtain a single weapon."
Wilkes continued to seek re-enforcements
and a strengthening of the West India
squadron. Some of these ineffectual ap
peals were not couched in weak or indi
rect languase. In one of the numerous
I letters he wrote to Secretary Welles on
! this subject he said :
| "It seems to me somewhat remarkable
| that you should, under the circumstances,
expect captures to be made, and I think
on reflection you must do us the justice
to believe we have done our duty, although
we have not filled our pockets. Nor should
it surprise you or any one that a few
vessels should have escaped our vigilance
when you ar« aware how many have run
the blockade with a large number of
efficient vessels guarding the entrances to
Mobile and Charleston harbors. * * *
It is needless for me to add that I have
nothing further to say upon the subject.
You were fully and timely advised of the
condition of the, squadron and the motive
I have for desiring au increase of force.
You have not thought proper to send it to
me, and, although my views have not
been carried out, I shall not fail to" use the
force I have to the bes*; advantage."
One of the great difficulties encountered
by Union commanders, -according to
Wilkes, was the alleged friendliness of
British officials for Confederate ships, and
his suspicions led to contracted corre
spondence with local officers. In a letter
on this subject to the St. Thomas authori
ties he states: "A contraband trade is
carried on at this place under the eyes
ana with the approval and sanction of the
authorities.'' ." • ■■ •
One of the interesting incidents of the
war was the discovery by the commandant
of the Mare Island (California) Navv-vard,
Thomas O. Selfridge, of a plot- to destroy
that station. He was on the point of send
ing the Saginaw, the sole means of protec
tion, down the coast, when he found that
an organization had been formed to de
stroy the yard. The Navy Department
was in constant receipt of similar infor
mation and suggestions from private citi
zens. •' '
There was a diversion to the troubles at
home afforded by an engagement which
the Wyoming, under command of Com
mander McDougaU, had with some Japan
ese vessels of Shimonseki.. An American
steamer, the Pembroke, had been attacked
in Japanese waters by a force of ships sent
out by a native Prince who had a preju
dice against foreigne/s and who was wag
ing war on his own account. The engage
ment was a fierce and relentless one and
the Wyoming exploded the boilers of a
Japanese steamer and sank one of the
other '. vessels. 7" The American ship was
compelled to withdraw on account of the
pilot's ignorance of those waters.' Mc-
DougaU, In a letter to Welle--, said : "The
punishment inflicted and in store for this
Japanese Prince will,' I trust, teach him a
lesson that will not soon be forgotten." •
;: A full account is given by the official re
ports of the chase of the Chesapeake and
the capture .of that vassel in Halifax.
There is also i published B a .voluminous
correspondence interchanged between the
American officers, the Confederate officers
and the British local authorities regarding
the disposition of the ship and the in
carceration of the prisoners.
-.«r T ,*? w /* r i had : R° lle on during 1863 and
\\ ilkes had done his utmost with the West
Indian squadron to conquer the vessels
p e &l n ,7 °" Onion "commerce. The efforts
of Wilkes were subjected to much criti
cism by the public and Welles took oc
casion in an official report to the President
to review the conduct of Wilkes as an
officer on v account of | the non-capture of
the Confederate privateers by the deten
tion of the Vanderbilt in the West Indies.
Wilkes promptly replied in a very candid
letter, in the course of which he said :
"Justice to myself and family demand
that I should not keep silent under the im
putation so undeservedly cast upon me. . I
shall therefore repel the charge in a few
words, though I regret that it is impossi
ble for me, in a letter like this, to enter
into details and show why the Diratical
rovers were not captured in the West In
dies. But my correspondence, with my
urgent entreaties, often repeated, to the
department to send me the necessary force
in fast and effective .vessels contain my
full justification. The failure to capture
these vessels in the West Indies Is to be
attributed solely to the want of that force.
The blame therefore does not rest with
me, but elsewhere."
One feature of the Confederate portion of
the book are the extracts from the journal
of Commander Semmes. who was in charge
of the Alabama. Among the entries in
Semmes' diary is one of June 30, 1863, where
he says : . .\ * ■.- eVV-, -* ■■'■.
j It is two years to-day since we ran the black
ade of the Mississippi in the Sumter. Two
years of almost constant excitement and anx
iety, the usual excitement of battling with the
sea and the weather, and avoiding dangerous
shoals and coasts, added to the excitement of
the chase, the capture, the .escape from the en
emy and the battle. And then there has been
the government of my oflicers and crew, not
always a pleasant task, for I have had some
senseless and unruly spirits to deal -.7ith ; and
last, though not least, the bother and vexation
of being hurried out of port when I have gone
into one by timid and unscrupulous officials,
to say nothing of offensive espionage. . All
these things have produced a constant tension
of the nervous system, and the wear and tear
of body in these two years would, no doubt, be
quite obvious to my friends at home could they
see me on tbis 30 th day of June, 1863. Sic
transit vita hominis, usque ad finem.
Semmes had much to contend with in the
way of cyclones, narrow escapes, foreign
diplomats, an unruly crew, and sometimes
discouraging news from home. Of the latter
feature he says, under date of September 16 :
Greatly discouraged by the news from home.
Vicksburg and Port Hudson fallen. Rose
crans' army inarching southward, and Lee hav
ing recrossed the Potomac. Our poor people
seem to be terribly pressed by the Northern
hordes of goths"and vandals, but we shall fight
it out to the end, and the end will be what an
all-wise Providence shall decree. - - : '- ■
The volume is illustrated with pictures
of the yacht America and the vessels which
are prominently mentioned in the text.
The matter is rendered more accessible by
a copious index. --. . /:
EETEEAT. OP A HOKSE.
Gunpowder and Bullets Not In theXik-
ing of General Kellogg's Roan.
"Let me tell about one of the trials of a
good soldier with a bad horse during the
war," said a veteran a few days ago upon
hearing a tale of a different nature. The
late General John A. Kellogg, who fought
his way from a lieutenant of a company to
commander of a brigade, bought a mag
nificent roan a few days before General
Grant began the closing campaign. It was
a high-spirited creature, tali, powerful and
speedy; Kellogg was greatly pleased with
his now possession. His staff had to do
a good deal of fast riding for a week before
the closing scenes of the great contest be
gan. The general seemed to want every
one in the Fifth Corps to see his handsome
roan, so he rode from camp to camp mak
ing social calls, his staff, made up largely
of new riders, bobbing and jolting after
him. There was not a man of Kellogg's
military family but regretted the birth of
that roan. He was jolting their young
lives away. < :^
The day of reckoning came at the battle
of Gravelly Bun, or, as some call it. White
Oak Road, March 31, 1865. ' Kellosg
massed his brigade in a piece of wood's.
About 10 o'clock it became necessary to
move quickly to a better position and get
into line of battle for immediate business,
for a division of the other folks wag coming
that way, practicing on their famous
"Yell" song. Just as the brigade was in
line, and almost before it had got its beat
ing heart well under foot, the enemy
poured a vast sheet of lead at us. "Stand
fast, • men; hold your ground!" com
manded Kellogg from his prancing
roan. Then ■ came another volley.
That, with the roar • and battle of
the Union guns, was too much for
the roan. He bounded into the air and
seemed to turn around, facing the rear,
before he struck the ground. In spite of
Kellogg's weight on the bits and his
frantic whoas, the roan "limbered" to the
rear at greater speed than he had ever
traveled, while churning the staff into a
sideache. Away they dashed, horr,e and
rider, and at a most critical time. It was
a hot light, and no time for the general to
limber to the rear. Just as the chief of
staff directed an orderly to go to the gen
eral's rescue, and gave him a safe horse, I
saw Kellogg slide down the tail of the fly
ing roan and start on a dead run for the
line of battle. The hot comments General
Kellogg made on his roan that and the
next day would make a thick book, wholly
unfit for family and church use.
It was due to the equine population to
say that it was a very uncommon .thing
for a horse-to try to get away from a battle.
A thousand men longingly looked 'or a
chance to "limber" to the rear and "cool
coffee" during a fieht where one horse
even tried to escape bullets. The man
reasoned and the horse didn't. Most
horses in battle, unless wounded, were as
unconcerned, apparently, a3 if they had
been pulling plows or reapers, The man
in battle who was unconcerned -as ' one
holding a plow or driving a reaper was a
fool. Men .who say they were as happy
and contented in a battle-as while at home
on the farm or eating a Christmas dinner
lie. Such a thing is impossible unless the
man is a fool, and fools don't enlist.—Chi
cago Times-Herald. -. '
NEW TO-DAY.
Just
Plain
Tobacco
Of the very highest grade. Its
fragrance and flavor are native
born. No drugs— no artificial
flavoring. 7
That's what you'll find in the
MANTELL. The ONLY un-
: drugged Havana Cigar sold at
a popular price— loc, 2 for 25c,
3 for 25c.
msswasmsmm
Robert
MANTELL
Cigar. .
wonderful jfflipreffijp ous twitching
UPC Hi fill Ot ____L___-_H______l __ j If\nna tV-
rt ciuaiui ßiicfio KAZSH IvS&M txid restores
charge in 20 Pains in tho
I -•"...■:- -> - Pr
onlckly. Over 2,000 private endorsements.
The new discovery was made by the special-
ists of the old famous Hudson Medical Insti-
tute. It is the strongest vitalizer made. It la
very powerful, but harmless.
Learn the grand truth of health, make your-
self a man again by using the Californian
remedv. You can only get it from the Hudson
Medical Institute. Write for free circulars.
Send for testimonials and circulars free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
(HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton St., San Francisco, Cal.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
'
LIVER— When your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
disconcerted. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
•'All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives'— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The hook, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts..
■IVp/: ■ SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading; Specialist.
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
CCESSFTJLLY TRKATS ALL CHRONIC
disease* of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary orsans, rupture piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the Elands!
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sioeplessness. mental worry
bashfulness, failing memory and all the distress-
ing Ills resulting from nervous debility positively
anl permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease Svnh.
ills, thoroughly and forever cured. *--*v*-
WRITE your troubles if living away from ths
City and advice will be given you free of charze
Address F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St (opposite Examiner Oflice),
■ ■ San Francisco, CaL
ADVERTISEMENT
San CaL
ADVERTISEMENT
" FOR SALE OF
Blip County Bonis.
•ftTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
ax proposals will be received by the undersigned
VP*" V*- ° ,c -°-' -"-• of the 7,h (lav of February,
lb9b, for the purchase of thirty-two (SSI Kings
county Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (1) to thirty-two (SI!), both inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand (41000) dollars
?Sfii* ** ** payable on 'be Mrs: day of January,
mob, or at any time before that date, at tho
pleasure of said county, In gold coin of the United
States, with Interest thereon a. the rate of four (-4)
per cent per annum, payable semi-annually, on the
first day of January and on the first day of July of
each year. Bonds and Interest payable at the office
of the County Treasurer of said Kings County.
bald bonds having been Issued In conformity with
Order* and Resolutions of the Board of Super-
visors of Kings County dated December 8, 1895
and January (5, LsOtJ. and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of and in
accordance with an act ot the Legislature of ths
State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and TownshiD Govern,
ment," approved March 21. 1893.
I upon said bonrd by tbe provisions of and la
lance with an act Ol the I^trlalat tire of the
of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
rm system of County and Township Govern-
" approved March _ 1. 1808.
t "-. said bonds Will be toJd for less than faca
value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by sa'd
Board of Supervisors, and the right is hereby ex.
pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
Mark envelope. -Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds."
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
KlugsCounty. W. H. SLAVIN,
'■■•--■•■--' County Treasurer.
with Instruments of his own invention whS™
superiority has no* been equaled. Mv s-ccei , iS?
been due to the merits of my work. *- cc *»« ***
Office Mours^ia to i v. xi.
RIGGS HOUSET
"W-«»i3i xl .srto--a, 3D. o. /
-**-*"-*• . -■ U. DaWITT. Treara
American plan, * 3 per da > aid
, upward. ' w pgr Ba * "fDR. BROWN AN
IPSO-ECCENTRIC.
An Eastern Divine's Opinion
of the Afflicted
Pastor.
AT PLYMOUTH CHURCH.
The Committee Believes That
Dr. Brown Is Mentally
Unbalanced.
INVESTIGATION TO PROCEED.
There Will Be Daily Sessions of the
Committee of Inquiry Next
Week.
Those who have been feeling the judicial
pulse of the committee of investigation in
the Brown vs. Davidson and Davidson vs.
Brown case believe that that honorable
body is, almost to a man, of the opinion
that Dr. Brown's mental vacaries account
for his strange actions, and if he be inno
cent of the extreme charges against him,
that these aberrations are the cause of
some of the acts which his most ardent
admirers pronounce "undeniably foolish."
"Do you believe that Dr. Brown's mind
is unbalanced?"
One of the most conservative and con
scientious members of the committee
sighed, shook his head and finally re
sponded with the rising inflection, "Well,
perhaps not exactly." The conservative
member looked worried. Indeed no one
on the committee seems to feel any joy
in his position. All seem to feel that
whatever may be the result of the investi
gation an unpleasant duty intervenes be
tween to-day and the time when that re
sult will be announced.
Dr. Williams, who has known the min
ister who is now on the rack of public in
spection for twenty years, has said on
divers occasions when the irascible pastor
brought himself into public notice by
some heated words, "No one knows what
Brown will do." Dr. Williams has a cler
ical friend and former schoolmate in one
of the Atlantic States, and an acquaintance
of Dr. Brown, who is of the same opinion.
In a recent letter to the pastor of Plymouth
Church he says, "Whatever may be the
opinion to Brown's criminality, the be
lief I have always entertained of him is
that he is a fool.
"He is not well balanced. You can never
hazard a prediction as to what he will do,
where be will break out, which way turn
or turn up. His relations with the women
in the case prove his utter foolishness.
The man's lack of mental balance is piti
able.
"He is— pardon the vulgarism — badly
stuck on himself. I never knew another
man so much so. Coining a word to tit
his case, T should pronounce him a colos
sal ipso-eccentric."
"That's the trouble," said Dr. Williams,
in seeming soliloquy as he folded the let
ter.
The reverend gentleman who is under
fire was reported better yesterday, and it
is expected that he will be able to undergo
the ordeal of making a statement to his
jury of ecclesiastical peers on Monday
evening. The meetings of the committee
will be held each evening except Wednes
day, commencing Monday next, and all
will be held at Plymouth Church. The
exception on Wednesday evening will be
because that is the time for the weekly
prayer meetings. All sessions will be
secret.
Rumors to the effect that Miss Overman
will confess that she was a party to the
plot to blackmail Dr. Brown, but weakened
and withdrew from the conspiracy before
its dramatic climax, are current, but have
not been verified.
A NEW CLUB DEPARTURE
The University Club Is to Have
Coats -of -Arms in Its •
Windows.
Harvard and the Naval Academy's
Crests in Stained
Glass.
A style of decoration which is a new
departure as far as this Cisv is concerned
is about to be inaugurated at the Univer
sity Club. This is to adorn the building
with stained-glass windows, bearing the
arms of the different colleges and univer
sities in this country.
The clubhouse on Sutter street, near
Jones, has lately been enlarged and reno
vated. Among the improvements is a
large dining-room, the windows of which
afford a good field for setting in
stained-glass windows. The first two
crests inserted are to be those of the
Naval Academy and Harvard. Each is
being made a present to the ciub by mem
bers who are graduates of the above insti
tutions.
The two gentlemen who are making the
present wished the crest to be a surprise
to their fellow-clubmen, and on that ac
count nothing has been even whispered
about the windows till now, though both
are almost completed.
Bruce Porter has designed and executed
the windows. The Harvard crest has been
carried out on its original lines, but that
of the in aval Academy has been modified
to suit the artistic requirements of a
stained-glass window. There is nothing
more difficult than to represent an Ameri
can flag of limited dimensions in stained
glass, but in the modified design for the
Naval Academy, which will adorn the
University Club, the stars are suggested
against an azure background, in the flow
ing design which surrounds the arms. The
centerpiece is an anchor, and carelessly
enshrouding it in its folds are the red and
white stripes of the flag, undulating
slightly, so as to suggest running water.
It expected that the new windows will
be put in next Saturday and until then no
one will be permitted to see them, except
the artist and the donors, as the Harvard
man and the Naval Academy man do not
care to let their good deeds be seen of men
till they are in a good position to let the
'r K M c s *-* ne through their transparency.
1 ill Saturday, that is for a whole week, it
v t ,"-: re "° re be considered good form" in
the club to entirely ignore the fact that
any new windows are to be put up at all.
It is expected that when Harvard and
the Naval Academy are so prettily - repre
sented in the University Club the men of
other colleges, not to be outdone, will come
forward and donate the arms of their own
alma mater. ..C"'
THE EX-GEAND JXJEY.
Delightful Kaiiquct at the '. San Fran
. Cisco A'erein "Cast Night.
Twelve members of the ex-Grand Jury,
arrayed in evening dress, responded last
evening to a subpena of this fashion :
.7 /A. '7 SUBPEXA.
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
TO r :
Yon are commanded to appear as an ex
grand juror of the City and County of Sun
Francisco, State oi California, at the rooms of
San Francisco Verein, northeast corner Post
and Leavenworth streets, on Friday, the 24th
dhy of January, A. D. 1890. at 7 o'clock P. it",
sharp, as a witness and participant in the in
vestigation oi a dinner. Respectfully,
Committee.
The members attending were: J. J.
! Groom (secretary), Charles M. Yates,
Charles G. Clinch, Reuben Tucker. Wil
liam H. Phelps, Charles Sonntag. George
H. Sanders. John A. Hammersmith, Mar
ion Leventritt, Carlos; G. Young, L. C.
Marsh and N. A. Judd.
The ex-foreman, Oliver Eldridge, sent the
following letter:
San Francisco. Jan. 24, 1896.
My Pear .Mr. Uifnt-iU I regret exceed
ingly that owing to my doctor's advice I am
unable to obey the "subpena" and be present
with you and* the other members of the late
Grand" Jury this evening. lain sure you will
have a very jolly time and do full justice to the.
occasion, and I trust you may all see many
happy returns. With kind remembrances to
yourself and all the other members, to whom I
may ask you will present my kind regards, I
am yours, very truly, Oliver Eldp.idge.
The presiding genius of the banquet was
Charles Sonntag. All the attendants made
appropriate speeches responding to im
promptu toasts on vast and varied sub
jects. Merriment was the main order 6f
exercises at a late hour. The table decor
ations were beautiful, while the service
was excellent. A resolution to hold an
other banquet a year hence was unani
mously adopted.
A LIVE ELECTION FIGHT
Many Men Want to Be Trustees
of the Mechanics'
Institute.
Five Enter the Lists in Opposition to
the Seven Favoring the Pres
ent Regime.
The first moves are being made in what
is expected to be one of the liveliest elec
tion contests ever known in the Mechanics'
Institute. Seven trustees are to be elected
on February 25. There are twelve candi
dates in the field and the nominations are
closed.
What might be called the regular ticket
was nominated by a commitiee of the
older members, mostly ex-directors and
others who have long been identified with
tbe management of the institution and
are in sympathy with the present regime.
Invitations were sent out to about 150 of
these, and sixty responded. They met at
the Palace Hotel last month, shortly after
the time for posting nominations arrived.
A. S. Hallidie refused to allow his name
to be brought forward. Georee Gumming
also refused to run again as trustee, but
| his son, J. M. dimming, was made one of
the nominees. The others chosen as the
friends of the management were Henry
Boot. Joseph Leggett, G. Howard Thomp
son, Oscar Lewis, George H. Wailis and J.
E. Purdy.
There are five men who will contest the
fight with the seven of the management.
In the opposition are L. E. Phillips and
P. J. Heaiey. They both want changes,
but they are not pulling together, as i
Heaiey supports the financial methods of j
the present board of trustees, while Phil- ;
lips declares that money has been wasted
and says that an investigation would show- j
that there has been a "divvy" somewhere. I
even more marked than that recently dis- I
covered in the affairs of the Harbor Com- !
mission. George R. Presson, a clerk with j
Main & Winchester, •E. P. Heald of j
Heald's Business College and E. J. Vogel,
an architect, are also candidates.
DISTRICT GRAND LODGE.
Representatives to the Thirty-Third
Annual Session of the Order of
B'nai B'rith.
The following is a list of the representa
tives to the thirty-third annual session of
District Grand Lodge No. 4. I. 0. B. 8., to
be held in B'nai B'rith Hall on Eddy
street to-morrow :
Ophir No. 21— A. L. Badt, I. N. Chovnski,
Gabriel Cohn, M. Kalmuk, M. Kullman, Louis
Levy, Marcus Levy, Abraham Lewis, Julius
Platshek, William Saalburg.
Pacific No. 48— Louis Ehrlich. Jacob Gans,
William Gelst, Abe Kaplan, Julius Newman,
Henry Schwartz.
Etham No. 37— Albert Elkus, Jacob Gins
berg, Max Hirsch, Jacob Levlson, Marks Levy,
Aaron Nathan.
Montefiore No. 51— Solomon Blum, Bert
Kahn, H. Kaufman, Jessie E. Marks, Manheim
Marks, M. J. Netter, S. A. Sanders, S. 11.
Schocken.
Modin No. 42 — Isidor Brown, Sam Fly
shaker, Isaac Lacher, Marcus Mayer, Joseph
Shaen, Isidore Simon, Philip Stern.
Garizim No. 43— Isidor Haas, Morris Rosen
berg, Joseph Welssbein.
Nevada No. 52— R. T. Brodek, J. D. Conn,
Matt Levy.
Miriam No. 56— Isaac J. Cohn, Simon Hoch
stadter, Moses Shwab.
Oregon No. 65— M. Ball, D. M. Buckner,
Charles Friendly, M. Goodman.
Hope No. 126— Ike Brown, Harris Marks,
Moritz Menassis, M. P. Stein.
Columbia No. 127.— Salomon Adler, Edmund
Bare. Ignatz Eppertshausen, Emln Glnzburger,
Herman Lesser, Henry Newman, Simon New
man, Philip Taussig, Adolpb Wolf.
Orange No. 224— Sam Levi, Isaac Norton,
Moses Norton.
Yo-semite No. 231— M. Goldman, S. Silver.
Paradise No. 2117— Rudolph Ancker, Louis
Caro.
Golden Gate No. 129—1. J. Aschhcim, A.
I Auerbach, S. Baruch, L. Bernstein, J. Davis, S.
| Isaacs, William Lewis, A. Lipman.
j California No. 163— David Cohen, Lojui6
; Cohen, Abraham Colman, J. L. Franklin, Louis
j Friedlander, Max Goldberg, Julius Israelsky,
! Morris Kochman, S. XV. Lipman, Robert Mann.
Ariel No. 248— Alexander J. Hart, Louis Lin
oberg. H. Rich.E. Wittowsky.
! Oakland No. 252— J. M. Cohen, Abraham
Jonas, Jacob Kirshner, Max Marcuse, George
Mosbacker, George Samuels.
Carson No. 266— Benjamin Harris, Adolph
Livingston.
Unity No. 273—1. Cohnreich, . H. Enkle, A.
Kronberg, K.W.Levy, Sol J. Levy. A. Lewis,
L. Lipmun, M. J. Lyons, S. Myrson, J. Roths
child, M. Roth. V. Warshauer, S. Zekind
Silver State No. 296— M. Karsky.
North Pacific No. Lehman Blum, Jacob
M. Gettert. Isador Gerwurtz, David Lipman.
Marks Rybte.
Cremieux No. 325— A. Glassman, Sam S.
Green, Herman Guistadt. Sandor Hoffman,
Theodore Tobias, Edward I. Wolfe.
Semi-Tropic No. 341— Simon Cahen. Ben W.
Edelman, M. Morris.
Seattle No. 342—1. Korn, E Morgenstern.
Occidental No. 345— Harry .Block, Louis
Cohen, isador Simon, Sholern Silverstone,
Lucius L. Solomons, Frank Sperling, Edmund
Tausky, Jacob Voorsanger.
Lascar No. 370— Simon Levi.
- Tacoma No. 406— Solomon Jacoby.
Portland No. 416— Henry Blackman, Dr. J.
Bloch, Sol. Biumauer. I. N. Fleischner.
Baron de Hirsch No. 420— Noah W. Bender,
William Galleck. '
B. F. Peixotto No. Moritz Jacob, Louis
Hyams.
Abraham Geiger No. 423— Leopold Stein.
Washoe No. 450— Herman Ash, Solomon
Levy.
A number of the delegates have already
arrived from the interior, and it is ex
pected that about 140 of the 150 will be in
attendance. ■ '
The lodge will be called to order at 10
o'clock on Sunday morning.
On Tuesday the election for grand of
ficers will be held at 2 o'clock in the after
noon. Edward I. Wolfe, of Cremieux
Lodge and first vice-president, will prob
ably succeed President Jones, who will be
come past grand president. '-.*.
The Czar's private income is about $480,
--000,000 per annum.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 896.
HIS WIVES MADE WIDOWS
A Bigamist Escaped From the
Alameda Jail to Drown
at Sea.
TRIED TO SAVE THE MATE.
The Boat Swamped and Edward
Duffey and His Companions
Lost Their Lives.
The identity and history of one of the
men who were drowned from the schooner
Golden Shore has been ascertained. ' Mrs.
Harry Brown, who keeps a lodging-house
on Broadway, is satisfied that" James
Conway, who lost his life while attempt
ing too save Mate Johnson, is no other
than Edward Duffey, for whom the police
of San Francisco and Oakland have been
looking for over six months. 7/-
Duffey was at one time a sailor and then
got a position as driver in the Fire Depart
ment. His spare time was always spent
on the water front and there he courted
Mrs. Brown's daughter and married her.
Their courtship was pleasant enough, but
there was not much wedded bliss. Duffey
finally conducted himself so that his wife
saw less and less of him and at last he de
serted her.
While the young fireman was away
from home he was making love to a Miss
Carrara, who worked in a cracker fac
tory on Broadway but lived on Tele
graph Hill. After a short courtship he
took her to Oakland and was again mar
ried. He had thus two wives on his hands,
and Mrs. Brown, the mother-in-law, found
it out. She Charged him with bigamy, but
when the police came to look for him he
was gone. Captain Dunleavy of the Har
bor Police finally learned that he was
slipping out of the country on the schooner
Czar. Sergeant Banner was notified, and
as the vessel was being towed to sea he
boarded her and placed Duffey under
arrest. '/•;■ A '-'f'P y
The prisoner made no defense and he
was turned over to the Oakland police and
was held to answer on his preliminary
examination. He did not remain long in
the prison, as he and three other men
awaiting trial broke jail and got away.
Not one of them was ever recaptured and
Duffey is the first one whose fate is posi
tively known. From Oakland he went to
Puget Sound and crossed the border into
British Columbia. There, it is known, he
got work on an English tug, but left her
and went to Port Blakeley, where he
shipped on the Golden Shore for a voyage
to Australia. The police were on his trail,
but he got away on the schooner before
they arrived.
During the first part of the voyage very
heavy weather was encountered and Mate
Johnson had to teach the "green hands."
Conway, or Duffey, and another sailor
named Duffey were the only A.B.s aboard
and on them fell the bulk of the work.
When Johnson went overboard they at
tempted to lower a boat, which was
swamped, and they were drowned. Mrs.
Brown had an interview with Captain
Henderson of the Golden Shore yesterday
and from tne description given and some
of the trinkets in his kit she is perfectly
satisfied that the drowned man was her
son-in-law.
HIS NAME NOT HIS NAME
A. J. Smith to Be Arrested for
Indorsing "A. J. Smith"
on a Draft.
Trouble Caused Through Getting a
Letter Addressed to a Man of
the Same Name.
A. J. Smith is being hunted for by
several Deputy United Slates Marshals.
They want him on a charge of forgery
that was sworn to yesterday before the
United States District Attorney by Thomas
P. Burns, cashier of the United States Sub
treasury on Commercial street. 7. •• r .
Smith's alleged crime is a peculiar one. !
He received through the mails in May,
1895, a draft from the United States Treas- ]
ury Department for $18 75. The draft was
made payable to A. J. Smith, and Mr. A.
J. Smith cashed it. But the A. J. Smith
who got the $18 75 was not the A. J.
Smith for whom the draft was intended,
and when he indorsed "A. J. Smith" on
the draft he did not sign his own name
but that of the other A.J.Smith. This
United States District Attorney Foote de
clares is forgery.
The fact became known through the
efforts of the real owner of the draft to get
his money. This Mr. Smith had the
saloon privileges at the Midwinter Fair.
When the exposition closed he had on
hand a number of unused revenue stamps.
He sent them on to Washington and
waited to be reimbursed.
A draft for $18 75 was sent him. This
was given by mistake to A. J. Smith, who
is in the employ of the United States Rev
enue Department. The original Smith,
getting tired of waiting for his money,
wrote to Washington to learn when it
would be sent. He received an answer to
the effect that the money had been sent
I him long before in the shape of a draft on
j the sub-treasury in this City.
Then the postal authorities were ap
i pealed to. They made an exhaustive
! search and reported that the letter was not
in their bands. At this Smith went to the
sub-treasury to inquire about his money
and was informed that it had been
paid *.o him.
When he protested that he had not re
ceived it, Cashier Burns ohowed him the
| books where he was charged with the
j money. The indorsed draft had been sent
on to Washington and when Smith still
claimed that he had not received the
money, Mr. Burns wrote to Washington
for the original draft with Smith's signa
ture. ' When it arrived, it was at once evi
dent that the signature was that of tho A.
J. Smith employed as a customs official.
"I sent for Smith when the papers ar
rived," Mr. Burns said, "and he acknowl
edged getting the money. This was sev
eral days ago. He said the letter had been
given him, and that he had tried to find
what the Government was sending him
the $18 75 for. He explained that as he
had not received any satisfactory reply, he
cashed the , draft. He admitted thai the
money was not his, and agreed to return
it, but asked for time.
"I told him 1 wanted the money at once
to give to its proper owner. He said he
| didnt have it, but that he would be able
to give it to me on the 24th of this month
But he did not turn up, so I went to the
United States District Attorney, whom I
had previously Informed of the case, and
signed a complaint drawn in accordance
with the facts."
Smith was arrested last njght and
lodged in jail.
Mrs. Coffey Gets Thirty Days.
Mrs. Julia M. Coffey, wife of Attorney J.J
Coffey, was j convicted in Judge Campbell's
court yesterday of disturbing the peace and
sentenced to thirty days in the County Jail'
A few days ago Mrs. Coffey visited the County
Clerk's oflice and began to berate Mrs. Brad
lord, a stepdaughter: of Coffey's. She was
promptly arrested on a charge of disturbing
the peace, the trial. ending as stated above.
She created a scene when sentence was
passed, declaring all sorts of vengeance againsi
Judge Campbell, assuring him that she would
make his re-election impossible. She was ably
seconded by her daughter, Josie, who compli
cated matters by falling into a fit of hysteria.
She was only calmed when forcibly ejected
from the courtroom. V: c
MEN OF THE OLDEN DAYS
Pioneer* , Celebrate the Forty-Eighth
Anniversary of the Discovery
.•- • of Gold. A '7// ,
The Pioneers last night celebrated the
forty-eighth anniversary of the discovery
of gold in California. There was a large
attendance at Pioneer Hall and an excel
lent programme was rendered.
President H. N. Tilden occupied the
chair and delivered a brief address. He
said:
We have met to commemorate the forty
eighth anniversary of the greatest event in
the history of the State— the day on which
James W. Marshall discovered gold at Coloma,
on Sutter's property at the south fork of the
American River.
It was an event that electrified the civilized
world and caused a flood of emigration to this
coast; that transformed it from Its sleepy,
pastoral condition to one of intense activity
and development. It revolutionized the finan
cial condition of the whole country and di
rected all eyes to this Western coast, as if to
witness the wonderful transformation there
taking place.
The exact date of this important discovery
was a matter of controversy for many years,
some claiming that it occurred on the 18th or
19th of January, others on the present date,
January 24. This contention was practically
settled by historical evidence given by John S.
Hittell in his lecture before this society, Jan
uary 24, 1893, in which he showed conclu
sively that January 24, 1848, was the day on
which Marshall made the rind.
Official action was then taken by the Society
of California Pioneers and a resolution adopt
ed to the effect that thereafter the 24th of Jan
uary should be celebrated by us as one of the
chief anniversaries of the State.
Eastern associations of California Pioneers
took similar action, and they now observe the
day by social reunions.
This is our third celebration of this impor
tant event, and I trust it will be one of enjoy
ment to all present, and that Pioneers, their
descendants and friends will annually assem
ble to commemorate the event that made it pos
sible for California to take her place in the
front rank of the sisterhood of States.
A musical and literary programme, in
terspersed by dancing, then followed.
HELP LOIS WAISBROKER
The Gleaners, a Club of Work
ing Girls, Come to Her
Rescue.
Dr. Morse's Series of Lectures at
Ceres Hall for the Benefit
of the Club.
"Lois Waisbroker sending indecent liter
ature through the mails. The idea! No
nobler woman ever lived. None ever had
a higher purpose," indignantly said Miss
0. K. Smalley, speaking of Miss Wais
broker's recent arrest on that grouud.'
Miss Smalley is a bright young woman
who is an officer of the Gleaners' Club, a
society of working girls who have a pretty
clubroom known as Ceres Hall at the
home of Dr. Cora A. Morse, 621 O'Farrell
street. The club has about thirty-five
j members, who hold meetings for profit
j and pleasure at their clubroom every Mon
day evening. .•._''■
They prepare essays, recitations and
music for these meetings and the heavier
! programmes are occasionally leavened by
a jinks. The club aims to be progressive
and it deems a study of the causes and
remedies of the social evil in the line of
progression. Therefore it approves of Lois
Waisbroker'a heroic treatment of the
I moral disorder and has given liberally of
; the contents of its treasury toward her de
fense and relief. -AA-Ay'y/
"Our treasury is small, but we give as
generously as we can to aid good causes,
and that which Lois Waisbroker espouses
is certainly a noble one. Indecent litera
ture indeed!. She handles the sex ques
tion in vigorous English, and advocates
an equal standard of morality for the
sexes. What is indecent about that, I
should like to know." ;,. ■
Dr. Morse, who is the guiding spirit of
the club, will inaugurate a series of lec
tures on Monday evening for the benfit of
the club. There will be ten lectures, given
at intervals of two weeks. The first will
be "Correspondence of Brain and Body,"
and the succeeding topics in their order
follow:
"Correspondence of Brain and Body,"
"Nutrition vs. Love," "The Seven Creative
Principles," "In a Nutshell, or How to
Care for the Body," "A Talk on Phre
nology," "A Talk on Physiognomy," "The
Fountain of Life, or the Power of Sex,"
"Man Wonderful in House Beautiful" and
"Life's Unending Genesis." v
The members of the club contemplate
giving a series of entertainments for the
purpose of securing money for the pur
chase of a piano. The lectures will be
given with a view to completing the fur
nishing of the room.
A BOOMERANG AFFIDAVIT.
Huellmandel's Wild Statements
May Lead Him Into
Trouble.
j
His Allegations Will Be Investigated
and a Charge of Perjury
May Follow.
Bernard Huellmandel was divorced from
his wife, Caroline Huellmandel, over a year
ago and since then has been supposed to
be paying $15 a month alimony. He has
not done so, however, and he appeared in
court yesterday on an order to show cause
why he should not be punished for con
tempt. ,-;•■;. ::;..-.
He appeared in court with an affidavit,
in which he stated that he paid the
plaintiff herein the sum ,of $2000, due her
upon a note and mortgage which she held
upon the property described in her com
plaint. He also swore that his wife was
in the employ of a family by the name of
O'Brien, and that she was earning $30 a
month. He stated further that he has
been unable to follow his trade of a tailor
by reason of impaired eyesight; that he
is 72 years old and cannot perform other
work, and that he has been compelled to
seek the assistance of his children for his
support; that his property has been at
tached for unpaid alimony, and that it is
impossible for him to pay in compliance
with the court's orders. ' 4
The court questioned the witness rather
closely upon his statements in the affi
davits, and immediately discrepancies
began to appear in them all. It was shown
that his wife had not worked at O'Brien's,
but bad merely been allowed to stay there
out of charity ' with her sister, who does
work at O'Brien's. It was also shown that
the $2000 which he mentions as having
paid to his wife as if it had been paid as
alimony was in fact paid to her long be
fore the divorce proceedings; and, again,
that some property whicn he swore he had
repeatedly offered to transfer to her is still
in his name, and that he had never even
mentioned it to his wife.
The case is to be investigated further,
and should the affidavit be proved false
Huellmandel will be examined on a charge
of perjury. ■ v _ T : T/---.' : .
As speaking-tubes are found not to work
on the ■■- English warships, owing to the
rattling of the machinery, the Admiralty
has determined to try, telephones.
THE GRAND JURY GETS IN
A T" i. A •'"■• LA A T?
An Expert Appointed to Ex
amine the County Clerk's
Office.
INDICTMENT OF PETEE F.LANE.
Testimony of Two Girls That Were
Long Kept Out of Sight of
the Police.
The session of the Grand Jury yesterday
afternoon was prolonged until 6 o'clock.
Several extended conferences were held
with Assistant District Attorney Hosmer,
and the information was given out that
the Grand Jury is getting ready for im
portant business.
On the testimony of two little girls-
Lizzie Desmond and Emma Marchand —
Peter F. Lane was indicted for an attempt
to commit a grievous assault on the Des
mond girl. The indictment was presented
in Judge Slack's court by seventeen of the
jurors. On motion of District Attorney
Barnes the bail of Lane was fixed at
$10,000.
, According to the statement of Sergeant
Rourke the girls who were examined as
witnesses yesterday were kept out of sight
at the time Lane and his associates were
rested, and were not found until a few
days ago. It is supposed that influences
friendly to Lane induced some one to
conceal the whereabouts of the girls.
Among the witnesses called yesterday
were Oliver Eldridge and J. J. Groom,
foreman and secretary respectively of the
Grand Jury which adjourned sine die De
cember 24 last. They were called to ren
der whatever assistance they could in an
investigation of the affairs of the County
Clerk's ottice, which is about to be insti
tuted. The jury particularly desired the
expert's report on this office, but the fact
was disclosed that the late Grand Jury did
not pursue the investigation of the County
Clerk's office beyond an examination of the
amounts secured for inheritance tax.
All the expert reoorts made to the last
Grand Jury were presented to the present
one by Mr. Eldridge.
The Grand Jury committee on County
Clerk and Justice's clerk consists of C. S.
Laumeister, J. J. O'Farrell and Alpheus
Bull Jr. For some days they have been
making inquiry regarding notary certifi
cates. The investigation proper was begun
by the entire jury yesterday afternoon.
The first witness called was L. G. Carpen
ter of the Evening Post, who has been
diligently pursuing the subject since last
July, lie was inside for a long time, and
told from the beginning the story of the
discrepancies in the return of money re
ceived on account of notary certificates
from month. to' month. He answered all
inquiries propounded to him and was im
pressed with the belief that the Grand
Jury comprehended the case.
When Mr. Carpenter was excused, H. F.
Morris of the County Clerk's office, who
was recently suspended, pending the in
vestigation, was called to the door by Mr.
Laumeister. A short parley ensued. It
was understood that Morris was willing to
testify if the Grand Jury so desired. The
hour being late he was not called in.
Among the spectators in the anteroom
was Harry Piper, chief deputy of the
County Clerk.
The jury deliberated for a half hour, and
appointed T. E. Atkinson to make an ex
pert examination of the County Clerk's
office.' 7 */:■'■
Enrico Cano, after patiently waiting for
three months, managed to get a hearing
before the Grand Jury yesterday. He sus
pects that a number of jewelers have con
spired to ruin him in business, and fancies
that rich men influence leading lawyers to
have nothing to do with his case. He
fancies also that the Bulletin was induced
to publish his own picture to embellish a
graphic history of Jake Rudolph's career
as a lamb, j 7- : '-- 7*
Judge A. B. Tread well was on duty
again with twelve Italian witnesses. Ho
wants only eleven people indicted for as
saulting his client, Martini, and claimed
that tho jury, pleading pressure of busi
ness, declined to hear bis case, yet heard
Cano, who wanted 200 men indicted.
HORSELESS OAEEIAGE EAOE.
The Course Will Be From Jersey City
to Philadelphia.
Hardly six months have elapsed since
the first horseless carriage of any practical
value was run through the streets of New
York. Yet to-day there are a score of com
panies in this country manufacturing
these vehicles, and before another six
months have gone fully fifty concerns will
be placing the products of their factories
on the market. Many shops which in the
past have been devoted to the construction
of machinery and for other purposes have
gone into the new field.
Several different methods of obtaining
motive power arc in vogue. Some manu
facturers make use of the electric storage
battery, others of petroleum and gas en
gines. All have proved " successful,- and
practical and economical horseless vehicles
are a reality. Already a paper, the Horse
less Age, has been started to promote the
newborn industry.
New York in the past has been the scene
of many international contests. In 1895
we had a yacht race and two sets of inter
national athletic games. This year we are
to have a novel ana exceedingly interest
ing international competition— a long
distance motor vehicle race. The prepara
tions fur this contest are already afoot.
The movement had its inception among
the manufacturers and prospective manu
facturers of horseless carriages, and that it
will be carried to a successful end there
can be no doubt.
It is proposed to bave the race either in
the latter part of May or early in June,
when the roads to be run over will be at
their best. The course is to be laid be
tween Jersey City and Philadelphia, with
the starling point in the . former place.
The distance between : the two cities is
about ninety miles. It is possible that this
course will not be deemed of sufficient
length, and that the start and finish will
be at this end, with the turning point in
Philadelphia. Those interested in the con
test calculate that the distance between
the cities will be covered in about four
hours' time.
/In order to invite entries large cash
prizes will.be offered. The first prize wili
probably be $5000. while the second and
third places will also carry good fat purses.
This offer, in addition to the eclat which
will be obtained by the winner, will, it is
expected, attract many entries.
There are about sixty companies now
making motor vehicles in France, a few
others in England and some in Germany.
A number of these nave already signified
their willingness to send carriages across
the ocean to compete. - It is estimated
that fully 100 vehicles ,of various makes
will be entered, and that of these at least
fifty will actually start. All of the Ameri
can manufacturers will be presented,
since they are managing. the race.
The vehicle that first passes over the
course will not necessarily be declared tho
winner. Its condition lat the end of the
run and the actual cost of 7 the.' work done
will be considered in the award.' Econ
omy, durability and speed will all enter
into the competition.— New York Evening
Sun. $$f<si£§3l§^'7 7, T^^m.
A Fad for Collecting Jugs.
An American woman of artistic tastes,
who has traveled abroad * a good deal,
while looking about for something to col
lect that was neither spoons, teacups nor
posters, hit upon the idea of gathering lit
tle ju-»s ana mugs. Her friends soon
learned of her new fad and aided her in
adding !to i her: collection. Wherever she
went she would pick up a [tiny jug or per
haps two or three, until now "she has over
200. None of them is over three inches
long and they are in all colors and repre
sent many places and potteries — tiny am
phone from Southern Italy, Etruscan jars
from Tuscany, miniature ollas from Spain
and Mexico, squat pitchers from Holland,
wee quaint schooners from Germany,
mugs .from England and little brown jugs
from everywhere. All these are strung
upon a Micronesiancord and the odd orna
ment is festooned on her wall against a
background that shows up the varied col
ors to advantage and makes the bits of
earthenware and china distinctly deco
rative. — Harper's Bazar.
MIDWINTER LECTURERS
To Begin at the metropolitan Temple
Before the Sa:a Francisco Educa
tional Union.
The following Midwinter lectures will
be given at the Metropolitan Temple be
fore the San Francisco Educational Union:
' January 27— '"Temporal Power of the Pone,"
Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast.
January 26— "Church and the Republic,"
Judge 3. F. Sullivan.
January Open session by the members of
the circles.
January 30— Trip Through the Holy Land"
(stereopticon views), Rev. P. J. Cummins. •
January 31— "Missions of California," Bryan
Clinch. ,
February "Infallibility of the Pope," «cv-
P. C. Yorke.
February 4— "Some Barbarisms of the Nine
teenth Century," Hon. F. J. Murasky.
February 7— Open session by the members
of tne circles.
February 6'— "Church and Civilization,"
Rev. P. O'Ryan.
February 7 — "Reunion of Christendom,"
Rev. C. A. Ramm.
February 10 — "Religious Communities,"
Rev. H. 11. Wyman.
February 11— "English Catholic Literature,"
Rev. James McDonald. ■ . %•; :
February 12— Open session by the members
of the circles.
February "Church and Architecture,"
Frank Shea. SSSMSR
February 14— -Church and Scripture," Arch
bishop P. \V. Riordan.
ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY.
Jacob Abrahams Placed in
Prison for the Chicken
Mutilation.
Secretary Holbrook Points Out
the Board of Health's
Negligence.
Every one connected with the mutilated
chickens that were found in Clay-street
market on Thursday strenuously denies
j being responsible for their condition. The
Society tor the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals says, however, that the chickens
were there in a mangled condition, and as
no one has attempted to deny this, Officer
Hooper yesterday arrested Jacob Abra
hams, the teamster for Jacobson &
Morris, of 417 Front street, the consignees
of the chickens.
Charles Jacobson, it appears, came down
himself from Oregon with the palace-car
of chickens, and he was so proud of his
charge that he had the car photographed.
He affirmed yesterday that though the
train was delayed by a washout, the chick
ens were in good condition when they
arrived at Fourth and Townsend streets
on Wednesday evening.
The society regretted the necessity of
arresting Jacob Abrahams as he has al
ways seemed a humane man and has even
reported cases of cruelty, but as he
was responsible for the packing done on
Wednesday night and did not attempt to
deny the shocking condition of " the
chickens he was booked at the City Prison
on the charge of cruelty to chickens. A.
Fodera, who had bought a portion of the
consignment, knew nothing of the state
i of the birds till they were delivered at his
stall, where the society found them.
Fodera Blame* Commission Men.
A. Fodera, proprietor of the San Fran
cisco market at 524 Clay street, declares
that Secretary Holbrook was wrong in say
ing that the poulterer had told an em
ploye to throw injured chickens in a hole
for certain purchasers.
"I did , not say any such thing," he
stated yesterday. "It was the driver of
the truck on which the chickens were de
livered to me, and he has nothing to do
with the market.
''We did not offer for sale any of the
chickens that were not in good condition.
The chickens that we accepted were all
right. Those that were in a poor condi
tion were rejected.
"It is customary for the dealers in the
market when receiving chickens to return
to the commission-nouses all poor and
sick ones, which are afterward sold to
peddlers. Injured chickens were brought
to us, but we sent them back. Dead ones
were thrown by the driver into the refuse
barrel at our market."
Baker County, one of the most fertile
counties in Georgia, has no railroad, tele
graph or . telephone lines in its borders,
and it has no newspaper.
NEW TO-DAT.
...
•gS Wit -frWJ-li£§o---fflßrl WEP Tta/ksj_\\\\\
W&Mtw36r^_m__t
fUmVSgßfiamx M- *<CT-***fßH| bS^^^^^jbl
You Know It's Good *** V
You like to know that a thing* is good before you make op you i
mmd to try it, you know that Dr. Sanders Electric Belt is cW be-
cause you know friends it has cured. That is what counts-cures
What do you care for bluster? Every quack can tell you How mud.
better he is than the old physician who has proven his worth by
years of faithful service, but you know better than to believe it. The
cures prove the merit. Dr. Sanden's Belt has them. J- * J. *Ji
All California Praises It. -m <* <** ae < oe
.Bc^r^^fiJ^SSfeSS^ K^^i-^^f-^-ing.aTdgot^
and I have used It off and on for other trope's me." B GALIfoWAV nS*? "h " ™*
It has done wonders for me, and I can recom- „ . ** A1 ' I < OWAY . Densmore, Cal.
mend it highly," writes M. F. ROGERS. Vet- Kq /[5 v, °V s to " sin g your Belt my back was so
erans, Home, Yountville, Napa Co., California. ,** that I ■ could not stand erect. Now it is
"I was greatly troubled with indigestion so «££&•??.! iJ- have J n ,° trouble with it. My
bad that ft pre/ented my sleep at nigh" I Save l ™ Cal" * Cured - ~ ' »- CUTTING, Peta"
used your Belt just thirty days and I can eat ™ •
food I did not think I would ever be able to touch I was partially impotent for two years and
again. My sleep is sound and lam refreshed in R en «ally broken down. Your Belt has cured
the morning," says C. F.ANDERSON, with , me -. ~ W. H. JUKES, 1 752 Atlantic street, Oak-
. Ballard & Hall, Fifth and Brannan streets, San •** nd ' Cal - "
Francisco. _"I have suffered from lumba r o and sciatica
"Your Belt has cured me of a most aggravated ,0 . thirty years. 1 have tried many remedies
case of sciatic rheumatism, from which I have wlt ' 10l avail, and have been laid up different
been laid up every fall for years. I have been tlmes with my trouble. After all else 'ailed I
perfectly cured by your Belt."— H. KRUGER. got your Belt two months ago, and it has cured
3381 Central avenue, Alameda Cal. . me," writes HUGH ERASER, Ex Royal Deputy
"I bought your Belt in October for lost man- a? 0 "'!] 1 clan , S of California . 20( -3 Encinal Ave.,
hood, and it has cured me after I had spent hun- A1 ** meda > *- aI - I-
dredsof dollars in medicines.' C. H. KEYES, '.'• suffered for many years from displacement
, 49 N. Thirteenth street, San Jose, Cal. of the uterus, and was perfectly helpless and
. "Your Belt has cured me of pains in mv back ? uffered excruciating pains. I was induced to
and frequent urinating."— B CARFV J, >" our Electric Belt. In a week's time I was
East San Jose, Cal. *-: " ~ c < 1 ' able to be up, and have gradually, improved
"I suffered from seminal weakness for years, mi^^k^^'m^y^!^'. J ' A '
Its the remedy for you. Its the only Electric Belt that has a re<r ia-
t- }?? t° rol ri c P° f wer * It is warranted for one year. &J-J. J.
Get the book Three Classes of Men," or better, call and see it and test it free and talk to-
regular physician who will advise you as to what it will do for you. ° -
** ** Sanden Electric Co. & &
l 3 i M " ket St -« OPP- P*l«ice Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
I Office Hours: Bto 6, Evenings 7to 8:30, Sundays 10 to «.
BRODERICK MAY REFUSE
His Signature Wanted on the
River Improvement As
sessment.
CAN FIND NO LAW FOR IT.
The Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors Approves the
Demand.
The California River Improvement As
sociation will probably be disappointed in
its hopes of receiving financial aid from
the City and County of San Francisco to
assist in sending its delegates to Washing
ton to urge the passage by Congress of the
! bills for river improvement now before
the National legislators.
The association, which represents nine
teen of the richest counties in the State,
including San Francisco, at its fifth bien
nial sassion, held in this City recently,
assessed each of the various counties from
$100 to $300, according to population and
benefits to be derived. San Francisco
County was the only one which was asked
to nay the maximum assessment.
The committee appointed to urge upon
the Supervisors the necessity of approving
, the assessment promptly and forwarding
j the same to Colonel 11. Weinstock ot Sac
; ramento, the assistant secretary of the as
' sociation, called on the Finance Commit
tee of the board yesterday and argued the
matter at length.
Senator G. H. Rose, chairman of the as
sociation, and Senator J. M. Cleaves, the
secretary, told, the committee that the
j presence of the delegation in Washington
was absolutely necessary, as without the
strong arguments which would be brought
to bear on Congress the bills were likely to
fail to pass and the State be done an almost
irreparable injury. They called attention
to tne fact that the necessary funds to de
fray the expenses of the delegation must
be in hand at an early date and to the
action of the previous Board of Super
visors in ordering the assessment paid for
the delegation from the association that
went to Washington some years ago.
The Finance Committee" decided that
the assessment is just and proper and
voted unanimously in favor of paying it.
Thus far the committee from the asso
ciation has fared well, but when it comes
to an interview with Auditor Broderick to
ascertain whether he will sign the warrant
for the assessment it will strike a snag and
unless the members can bring some law or
convincing argument to bear to make the
watchman of the treasury see that he is
justified in signing, the association will
get no money from San Francisco.
"It may be that the assessment is all
right and that the Supervisors have a legal
right to order it paid," said Mr. Broderick
yesterday, "but in the lisht of the facts as
I now see them Ido not think that I would
be justified m signing the warrant. I
signed it the last time it was presented to
me, to be sure, but the matter was rushed
through in a hurry; I had no time to look
the matter up thoroughly and I have been
sorry ever since that I dirt not stand the
warrant up when it was handed to me for
my signature.
"As far as I can see there is no law for
this appropriation. If it id paid it must
come out of the urgent necessity fund and
I do not believe the law will permit the
j urgent necessity fund to be used for this
purpose.
'•I shall certainly look into the matter
very carefully and unless these gentlemen
can bring some good evidence that their
assessment is perfectly legal and just the
warrant will go unsigned."
The Prudent English Sailor.
Ihe thrift of the English bluejacket has
been in every way helped by wise legisla
tion in the matter of naval savings banks,
in the frequency of his payments and in
the facilities given him when abroad for
remitting to his friends and dependents at
home. To these he is almost uniformly
generous. I give some figures which show
both his thrift and his generosity, or care
lor his family.
A certain battle-ship in the year 1893,
with a complement of less than 500 blue
jackets, marines and stokers, sent home
by means of regular monthly allotments
to relatives, dependents and friends more
than £4700. At odd times, as they had it
to spare, they remitted a further sum of
over £900. This was generous thrift, ex
ercised toward others. If further in
quiries had been made it would be shown
that many of the remitters and more of
those who were not remitting were hoard
ing in the savings banks. In 1892-93 17,934
men in the navy had savings bank ac
counts open, and the total amount thus
hoarded was £229,173, an average of more
than £12 per head of depositors, or per
haps nearly £4 per head of the men serv
ing. The sum actually put away this year
was over £173,000.— North American
Review. . ■-'- T7-
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE;
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
rally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier. .JO.
"Daily and Sunday Calx, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 0.00
"Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. - .00
Dally and Sunday Cai;, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Bnsday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
•Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES
830 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
S :S0 o'clock.
589 Hayes street; open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
717 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tmil 9 o'clock.
£6 lb Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
ill* -Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
looms 31 and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, 6pecial Agent. .
SATURDAY JANUARY 25, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The wheat pit is no longer in a hole.
Oh, yes Republican victories always
bring prosperity.
The new Senator from Alabama is named
Money, and of course he talks.
Things are finding their level— England
comes down and wheat goes up.
There will be a bounty on exported grain
this year and the foreigner will pay it.
Krueger will give the Americans a fair
trial— the old man has brains in his head.
Now that King Wheat has arisen he will
command gold to come our way, and it
will obey him. .'/T- A/4 A
After the advance m wheat will come
the advance in fruit, and every rural in
dustry will prosper.
The competing railroad did not bring
the good times, but it will enable the
farmers to profit by them.
If the reported alliance between Russia
and Turkey be true then the Czar holds
the joker and the game is his.
The House has got so well along with its
work the session can be made short with
out leaving any business undone.
Now that Kentucky proposes to repeal
the Southern Pacific charter, Huntington
will have to order out his flying squadron.
All that is needed now to prepare the
way for prosperity is a protective duty to
head off the importation of foreign goods.
Some Californians favor Government
ownership of railroads and some object,
but all are united against the funding bill.
Ahlwardt has resumed his agitation
against the Jews and as a consequence the
egg market in New York will have another
boom.
The Gorman Waterloo in Maryland has
given history a chance to repeat itself. It
is a Wellington that triumphs and goes to
the Senate.
Salisbury still shows an unwillingness to
arbitrate with us, but if Venezuela wishes
any concessions just now she can get them
without trouble. ""v
Republicans, Populists and silver men
all will hold their National conventions in
St. Louis, but Democracy will go off alone
to die in Chicago.
The Indian has given another evidence
of ability to acquire arts of civilization.
Chief Tall, treasurer of the Osage tribe, is
Bhort in his accounts.
As if they did not have fights enough in
their own party, the Democratic silver
men have now begun to monkey with the
animals in the Populist menagerie.
It is announced that the Davis resolu
tions on the Monroe doctrine do not suit
Cleveland, but perhaps they were not in
tended to suit him. Davis is not a cuckoo.
It is pleasing to learn that the House
has at last succeeded in adopting a set of
rules, but all the same it seems to have
been getting along very well without any.
As it will be a year before Foraker takes
his seat in the Senate, Sherman will have
time to issue a revised edition of his book
before he has to introduce his colleague
with the proper eulogium.
The latest move in European diplomacy
shows why Russia would not co-operate
with the Western powers in settling the
Turkish question. She knew she had a
lone hand and was determined to play it
alone.
The convention of the National Associa
tion of Manufacturers has requested the
Senate to pass at once the emergency rev
enue bill, but of course the Senate is too
busy listening to itself to near what other
folks say.
The British insisted that Krueger should
send Jameson to England to be tried, and
now that Krueger has consented and
Jameson is on his way home England dis
covers she has no law by which: to try
him. Is that a square deal or a shuffle ?
The Populist National Convention will
make an innovation in the basis of repre
sentation at such gatherings. The various
States will be allowed delegates in propor
tion to the Populist vote cast at the last
election. The result will be a smaller con
vention than that of the other parties, but
perhaps it will make as much noise.
Among the publications of the new year
intended to call the attention of capitalists
and home-seeKers to the State none is
more deserving of commendation than
"California, Her Industries, Attractions
and Builders," compiled and edited by J.
C. Hoag and W. E. Gray. It is a hand
somely illustrated work and should re
ceive a wide circulation in all parts of the
country.
The dispatches from Washington state
that on Thursday Daniels made a great
speech in the Senate on the Monroe doc
trine and that immediately afterward
when a motion was made to fix a day to
take a vote on the bond bill objection was
raised that there were not enough mem
bers present to decide the matter. ■ It ap
pears, therefore, the big speeches are be
ing made to empty benches and that the
Senate does not take interest enough in it
self to attend to its own talk.
BUSINESS AND POLITICS.
The National Convention of American
Manufacturers at Chicago adopted a series
of resolutions to which Congress ought to
give prompt attention. All of -, them con
cern the business welfare of the country
and some of them are of pressing urgency.
Moreover they relate to matters which
can be dealt "with at this session, and,
therefore, are more deserving the consider
ation of Congressmen than issues like
that of silver coinage, which cannot be
setted as Congress is at present consti
tuted.
The resolutions ask that the Interstate
Commerce Commission be directed to pre-
para freight classifications which shall be
uniform throughout the Union, that there
be established by the Government a
Department of Manufactures with a Secre
tary of Cabinet rank at the head, that
States be prevented from imposing inequit
able conditions upon corporations created
by other States, that the Senate pass
promptly the revenue bill provided by the
House for the relief of the treasury, and
finally that in reforming the tariff Con
gress shall grant to the sugar industry fair
legislation and liberal encouragement.
There can be no question of the import
ance of the measures proposed. It is parti
cularly urgent that the emergency revenue
bill should be passed without further de
lay. The bill is certainly not all that is
wanted in the way of reform, but it will be
a great improvement on the existing tariff.
It would not only provide abundant reve
nues for the Government and put an end
to that borrowing of money which has so
largely increased the bonded debt of the
Nation, but would afford also something of
protection to home industries and by
checking to some extent the imports of
foreign goods would turn the balance of
trade in our favor and put an end to the
export of gold.
In these resolutions we see politics as it
appears to the business men of tbe coun
try. They fairly reflect the general senti
ment of the people. There is an increas
ing conviction that a return to a thor
oughly comprehensive system of protec
tion is more important to the country just
now than even the remonetization of sil
ver itself. At any rate there is a chance
to do something in the way of tariff re
form at once if the Senate would only re
solve to act on the emergency bill, while it
must be clear even to the most ardent ad
vocates of silver that the discussion of free
coinage is only a waste of time and en
ergy.
• The request for the establishment of a
Department of Manufactures, with an offi
cial head having a seat in the Cabinet,
raises a new issue, but is not unreasonable.
The manufacturing industry has now be
come one of the greatest in the Nation,
and is certainly entitled to a voice 'in the
Government. The need of such an official
is seen in the present danger to our indus
tries caused by Oriental competition. Had
we at this time a Secretary of Manufac
tures he could at once through our Consuls
investigate the. nature and extent of the
competition and inform Congress what
legislation is needed to guard against the
evil. Lacking such an official the manu
facturers must look out for themselves and
ask Congress for help as best they can.
This has been done in the present instance
by the Chicago convention, and it remains
to be seen what attention will be given to
the requests.
NATIONAL HIGHWAYS.
The League of American Wheelmen can
not find a wiser or more patriotic thing to
do than to throw all its influence into the
fight for the bill now before Congress in
reference to highways. The bill provides
for a commission charged with the follow
iug duties: It shall be the .duty of this
commission to inquire generally how the
Government may further promote the im
provement of highways, and among other
things to consider the expediency of and
best methods of providing for: (1) The
scientific location of highways upon the
public domain*; (2) the employment of the
Geological Survey in the discovery of road
materials; (3) the free testing of' all road
material offered; (4) construction of model
roads and instruction in road-making at
agricultural colleges and experimental
stations; (5) the same at the Military
Academy, and when practicable at all
institutions having a military instructor. 1 '
Evidently the leading idea of the bill is
the military necessity of good roads. That
is excellent, but a far greater value which
they would represent would be purely
commercial. It is an extraordinary fact
that although our civil war disclosed the
great need of good roads no heed was
given the terrible lesson learned from the
use of bad roads. The suffering, delay and
expense which they entailed must have
been enormous.
It is undeniable that the bad roads of
this country have been an important factor
in the development of railroad monopolies
and the retardation of inventions making
wagon roads available for traffic purposes.
Recently traction engines have been
brought out which give great promise of
remarkable advances in that direction, but
it is evident that in the absence of good
roads they will be ; useless. Even with
horses for the drawing power a good wagon
road is almost as valuable as a regulator
of rail transportation charges as a river or
canal. Had the Sacramento and San Joa
quin valleys, for instance, been provided
with excellent roads there would be very
much less cause for complaint on the score
of railroad extortion than there is at
present.
If there were the least element of ex
periment in the proposition of good roads
it might be expected to encounter intelli
gent opposition, but there is not. Every
one of the , old countries of Europe has
demonstrated tne value of good roads and
makes enormous annual expenditures in
their construction and maintenance. This
Nation is behind all others in the world in
this regard except the most backward and
unenlightened countries of the Orient.
A DESPERATE EEFORT.
All the evils of railroad power and
tyranny are crystallized in the funding
proposition pending before Congress. The
overwhelming importance of the situation
is so well understood by Mr. Huntington
that it is not surprising to see him focusing
all the resources at his command in the
struggle. If he succeed in securing the
passage of this bill he will close his
wonderful career with an achievement
more daring in its conception than any
other financial proposition that ever rose
between the Government and any of its
citizens. Compared with it the marvelous
skill with which he secured an appropria
tion for the building of his railroad and
the incredible deftness with which he
pocketed its earnings instead of employing
them in the payment of his debt \ will ap
pear mean and insignificant.
The passage of a funding bill would be
so gross a wrong perpetrated by the
Government upon itself with wide-open
eyes and a full knowledge of how it has
been swindled in the past that it will
stand in history as the most remarkable
thing that a citizen of the United States
ever accomplished. It will not concern
Mr. Huntington to ' reflect that j coming
generations, while marveling at the power
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.
which he exercised, will not regard his
achievement as being any the less ; in
famous. The wonder then will be that a
man with ability and power of so remark
able an order had not made himself the
idol of the country by employing his
splendid talents for the country's good.
The defeat of the funding bill would be
the downfall of the invincible power which
this company has exercised for so many
years. It would result in a breaking of
the bonds which shackle the prosperity of
California, and would open these broad
and fertile acres to the enjoyment of mil
lions of our people. In the defeat of this
bill we have everything to gain and noth
ing to lose— not even a risk to run. Mr.
Huntington's interests are equally as
great, and one ' side or the other must go
down in this tremendous struggle for ex
istence.
California is not making as hard a fight
as it might. The local governing boards
throughout the State are not putting
forth their strongest effort. The Chamber
of Commerce of San Francisco, composed
of leading citizens, upon whose activity in
the premises so much depends, has set an
example to every similar organization in
the State. The work being done by the
Committee of Fifty of San Francisco
should be sufficient to inspire every other
community in California.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
To-morrow's issue of The Call will con
tain a number of special features of inter
est. Among them is an exhaustive article
on "The Amateur Photographers of San
Francisco," profusely illustrated with
some of the best specimens of work turned
out by these artistic enthusiasts.
The story of the old "Monadnock," from
the time she came around the Horn to a
description of the work that has been done
on her at Mare Island during the last
twenty years, will be told, and an inter
esting history it is.
"The Song of the Sword" is a strong,
stirring poem 4 by J. L. Simpson.
Miss Russell gives another of her read
able chapters on horse guidance.
W. C. Morrow contributes an extraor
dinary account of a San Franciscan who
lost four years of his life.
The page devoted to the most recent de
velopments of the sciences and arts has
proved to be one of the best features of the
Sunday issue. The children's page, the
atrical news and gossip, the literary depart
ment, articles devoted to fashions for men
and women, are some additional special
attractions, and besides these will be ex
haustive reviews of the great questions of
the day at home and abroad. The Sunday
Call is particularly well adapted to send
to friends at a distance.
PERSONAL.
G. Peleier of Paris is at the California.
Dr. J. Manson of San Jose is In the City.
J. E. Crowan of St. Louis is at the Baldwin.
G. H. McCausland of London is at the Occi
dental.
8. B. Herman, a merchant of Portland, is m
the City. jA}A
H. L. Lloyd, a mining man of Mexico, is in
the City.
E. C. Creller, a mine-owner of Grass Valley,
is in town.
A. Newhouse, a business man of Fresno, is at
the Baldwin.
Dr. Victor S. Vick of San Jose is registered
at the Palace.
Charles E. Ely, a business man of St. Louis,
is on a visit here.
Ex-Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas was among
yesterday's arrivals.
R. Rowlands, who owns mines near Placer
ville, is at the Grand.
L. H. Albrecht, a business man of Nogales,
reached here yesterday.
Dr. T. Edward Clark of Soquei is in the City,
accompanied by his wife.
D. E. Heller, a mining and, business man of
Butte, Mont., is in the City. :?.-;:
Ernesto Theodore, a business man'of Quezal
tenango, is at the California. ,
Fred Cox, the wealthy banker and cattle
owner of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
C. S. Masteu, a railroad man of Phoenix,
Ariz., is among recent arrivals at the Grand.
The Rev. Father Marshall of Sacramento and
Rev. Father Guereri of Sonora arrived here
yesterday.
N. Wines, a stage line owner and United
States mail contractor of Santa Barbara, is at
the Grand.
H. B. McCann, the well-known stationer of
Auburn, is In the City for a lew days, on a
business trip. ,' ■
James Townsend, a wealthy business man of
Fort Benton, Mont., was among the arrivals at
the Palace last night. ■..•'- • •
Martin Winch, a wealthy resident of Port
laud, nephew of S. G. Reed, the millionaire
who died recently at Pasadena, is at the Lick.
R. R. Sherman, one of the old residents of
Helena, Mont., and who Is interested in min
ing and also extensively in horse and cattle
raising, is at the Baldwin.
J. T. Flynn of Portland, who has been for
some time in Los Angeles, says the oil industry
there is advancing apace. There is a feeling
there, he adds, that San Francisco, ought to
use this oil for heating and motive purposes.
The output there is now much greater than
formerly.
Professor Lolsette of Chicago, whose speci
alty is the cultivation of the memory and will,
and who arrived here a few days ago on the
Coptic from the Occident, is quite ill at the
Palace. He caught cold on the voyage and now
he has a complication of ills, but hopes to be
well soon. 0T ,.". * ."- P'f -, »
W. H.Bancroft of Salt Lake, formerly gen
eral manager of the Rio Grande Western Rail
road, and now general manager of the Union
Pacific, is at the Palace. He is accompanied
by W. S. Anderson and Miss Kasen of Salt Lake,
and Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Weston of Hornelsdale,
Pa. They came in a special car.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Jan. 24.— Among to-day's
arrivals were : S. Sassman and wife, Misses Suss
man, Mrs. L. Warmser, Windsor; J. F. Wilson,
St. James; J. M. Chase, Grand Union; A. L.
Moore, Westminster; H. Curtag and wife, Nor
mandy; J. W. Edwards and wife, Brunswick;
J. P. Kelly,' Holland; G. Martin and wife,
Metropole; R. H. Putnam, Sinclair.
TOO MUCH INVENTION.
The age of invention has conferred many
blessings on mankind. No one will dispute
ihat ; yet when we contemplate some of the
lengths to whicn the inventive faculties are
leading us, we are driven to the thought ex
pressed by a thrifty resident of the riot dis
trict in 1877, who, after he had filled his house
with merchandise from the destroyed rail
road cars, saw the flames reach his own dwell
ing and its store of illicit wealth, and ex
claimed, "Be jabers, this thing has been car
ried too far!"
That thought is made especially pertinent
by the reports of two new Inventions. First, as
the least impossible and intolerable of the two
is that statement of the discovery of certain
rays of light which are claimed to have
the power to bring the' interior of the human
system in view." This may have its
uses for surgeons and • other - disagree
able pry era into our anatomy; but for
general use . we must protest that we
do not want our departments of the interior
brought into the sunlight of publicity.
Beauty is well known to be no more than skin
deep; and the most prepossessing specimen of
the human race would be a loathsome object.
How much more terrifying is the idea of hav
ing lungs, liver and other essential : parts of
the human, which are made to be used, but
not seen, exposed to view!
This, however, is a tolerable matter beside
the dreadful exposures threatened by the al
leged invention which will transfer thought
without the trouble of, using speech for that
purpose. This is a threat to the peace of man
kind. The experience of • humanity testifies
that" the check -upon undue' exposure
of actual thought by the Imperfect
medium of speech is all too slight. II the
arrangement of electric currents asserted has
been devised by the inventors so 1 that our
thoughts will project themselves on surround
ing objects, whether we will or no, complica
tions of life will be inextricable. Suppose two
men were to meet each other, provided
with the apparatus which will reveal
exactly what each thinks of the other.
Our ,~ streets will become a universal
Donnybrook Fair, and the reign of order will
be ended. Besides that, the infliction of having
the ordinary vacuity of thought not only ex
posed, but recorded, would be a calamity to
mankind. Too many people, even with the re
straints of speech, are suffering from indecent
mental exposure; but if all thought is to be
made plain life will not be worth living. ••
A commission de lunatico inquirendo should
at once be appointed to decide whether this
inventor is not a wild-eyed crank. If he has
not the excuse of innocuous insanity, he and
his invention should be gently but firmly put
out of existence. As to the other, if it exists,
It may be tolerated for limited uses, with the
distinct understanding that life is not to be
converted by it into a universal chamber of
horrors.— Dispatch.
SONG OF THE SHOPPERS.
We are shoppers and you'll find us
Everywhere about the town,
A S? we always leave behind us
Clerks with smile and clerks with frown;
Bundles In our arms we carry,
Though we sometimes have them sent,
W hile about the stores we tarry
1 111 our money is all spent.
longest way to us Is quickest,
If it leads by bargain stores;
And you'll find us in the thickest
Of the crowd before the doors
Where they sell at slaughter prices,
Advertise big mark down sales
At tremendous sacrifices.
Of some big concern that fails.
We make business for all mortals, :
And, if we should cease to shop.
Factories would close their portals,
And the wheels of trade would slop;
But we keep the money flowing.
Buying eoods from every clime,
Thus we keep the world a-going,
Buying, buying aU the time.
\\ c go shopping, we go shopping;
We shop on from morn till night,
IS ever stopping, never stopping, ,
Till the shops are closed up tight;
Sometimes trying, sometimes trying
To buy at a sacrifice.
Oft-times buying, oft-times buying
Everything, at every price.
Ladles' World.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mme. Melba's companion and secretary was
married in New York last week .to a young
Englishman. The singer's gift was a wedding
breakfast and a check for $1000.
Jules Simon, the distinguished French states
man, is in better health at 82 than for some
years past. He enjoys his old age, and it is
said that he is becoming a better orator every
day. . . "777. -
The Ameer of Afghanistan has been devoting
considerable study to the subject of electricity,
and has determined to personally superintend
the introduction of the electric lighting system
into Cabul. ',""'.*■•'
Justice Wright, the English jurist, is rather
eccentric in some of his ways. On his estate
in Hampshire there is struck up an extraordi
nary notice board: "Trespassers will not be
prosecuted." : yy-7
Hon. William M. Evarts is now nearly 78,
and he is in practical retirement on account of
trouble with his eyes. His general health is
good, and he attributes this to his lifelong
habit of getting up late and never taking any
exercise.
M. Eckholm, after ordering in Paris the bal
loon with which, in company with M. Andree,
he intends making an ascent fromNorskoarna,
has left Norway. His newly married wife was
anxious to ascend with him, but this would
have necessitated too large a car.
The King of the Belgians Is seldom seen in
the theaters of Brussels, caring little for
theatrical performances. He objects, too, to
sitting in the royal box at the various houses
of amusement. The Queen, on tho contrary, is
passionately fond of the theater, and rarely
misses a first night.
The Norwegian Consul at New Orleans makes
it a weekly custom to invite the captains of
whatever Norwegian vessels may be in port to
share a box with him at one of the theaters on
Sunday evening^; He frequently has a dozen
seafaring guests with him on these occasions,
and is naturally very popular with Norwegian
shipmasters. '
Queen Victoria has called the barony of
Beaumont out of abeyance in favor ol the little
year-and-a-half-old elder daughter of the last
lord, who was killed while shooting in Septem
ber. The barony dates from 1309, but had
been in abeyance from King Henry Vll's time
to 1840. The birth of a posthumous daughter
threw it once more into abeyance last year.
There ore now four Lady Beaumonts— the baby
peeress and the widows of the last three peers.
The youngest daughter of a revolutionary
soldier, so far as known, was discovered at
Lebanon, Conn., recently, and added to the
membership of the Willimantic Chapter of the
Daughters of the Revolution. She is Mrs. Au
gustus Avery, and is 56 years old. Her father
was 74 years old at the time of her birth. He
was doubtless one of the youngest soldiers in
the war.' There are only eight other daughters
of revolutionary soldiers belonging to the
order.'-,
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Friend— must be awful to have the news
papers keep saying such things about you.
Political candidate— Yes, but supposing they
didn't say anything at ail!— Soinerville Jour
nal. IpApyPp,
Comedian— can always tell when I've got
off a really good joke before an audience.
Manager— How?
Comedian— lt is always received with such
deathly silence.— Roxbury Gazette.
"Oh, Baroness, haye you heard it yet?"
"Is it a secret, your Excellency?"
"Yes."
"Then I have heard it already.— Fliegende
Blatter. /'■■;z4-< J?f':VV V\<?; ?,« '**
"Whefe are you going?" said the banana
peel to the passer-by.
"Oh, just taking a little trip!" replied the
passer-by as he sat down on the sidewalk.—
New York Tribune. 'Ty/py.pryPr
The Phrenologist— Your bump of self-esteem
is enormously developed. - .. .
The Patient— Do you blame It? The other
day my wife sent me downtown with a piece
of goods to match, and she says I did it better
than she could have done it Herself.—
"So we are not going to have war, Mrs. Trun
mer?"
"No; the prompt action of our Woman's Club
stopped it; we telegraphed the President that
he was a mean old thing."— Chicago Record.
"He seems to feel hurt about something." '
"He is." '-..-.-
"What's the matter?"
"He's the only man in his ward who hasn't
been asked his opinion about the Monroe doc
trine."—Chicago Post.
"Any amusement in this town to-night?"
asked the stranger. ■' . V t', ".-'--V 7-,>:47
"1 reckon there's going to be a lecture," re
plied the grocery man. "I've been 6ellin' eggs
all day."— Atlanta Constitution.
First young lawyer— l don't see how you hap
pened to lose your case. The law was plainly
on your side. y* - AypAAp '.'..,
Second young lawyer— I know It was,
and that was what I depended on. But I for
got all about the jury.— Somerville Journal.
Husband— Don't you know that every time a
woman gets angry she adds a wrinkle to her
face? ' " -*'* '.-'■ ":' /.'■■ T/y/y,
Wile— Yes;' It's a wise provision of nature to
let the world know the kind of ; husband she's
got.— Photos and Sketches.
"I see you are advertising - ; State Senator
Spuggs, who thinks he has been cured by your
medicine, as a man of National reputation,"
said the: captious man. "How can you afford
to lie so?" * • ' : '
"Well," said the patent-medicine maker, "he
will be of National reputation by the. time we
get through advertising him."— lndianapolis
Journal. ''/'''■''■"■'.".':." //'/
Dealer in antiques— Here are two very rare
revolvers. A7'/A.LA47AT./77 ', .: V
Customer— What is their history? ...zpT.
:■ "They were carried by Columbus.'.' .
"What! Revolvers weren't invented in Co
lumbus' time."
"I know. That's what makes them so rare."
—Philadelphia Record.
EDITOR HAWLEY IN TOWN
The Well-Known Newspaper Man
Here on a Business
Trip.
MADE HONEY IN COLORADO.
He Tells of Odd Journalistic Conditions
in a Number of the Prairie
States.
N. TV. Hawley, . formerly owner of the
Denver Times, and till recently owner
with Mr. Kohlsaat in the Chicago Times-
Herald, is at the Palace. He is accom
panied by Mr*. Hawley.
He has been visiting Denver, Cripple
Creek and Los Angeles, and will leave
again in a day or two for Los Angeles.
He is on the coast in a business way, but
says the enterprise on which he has been
figuring has not -developed sufficiently to
make an announcement regarding it.
Mr. Hawley made a good deal of money
out of the Denver Times. It is supposed
that he made considerable in Chicago.
11. W. Hawley, Formerly Owner of the Denver Times, and Latterly Interested in
the Chicago Times-Herald.
But he says he was well enough satisfied
to sell his stock to Mr. Kohlsaat and thus
let him have full control over the Times
and Herald as consolidated. The enter
prise seems to be doing well, he says, but
the new Chicago Democratic morning
paper, the Chronicle, is having signal suc
cess. "It is a little short on advertising,
but Mr. Seymour was telling me the other
day," said Mr. Haw ley j "that he was sure
he would get a large amount the coming
Bpring.
"As for the newspapers in the towns and
cities of the Middle West, those occupying
the evening field now have as a rule a
larger circulation, more influence and are
more profitable than the morning papers.
It is so in Minnesota, lowa and Missouri,
with scarcely an exception. I am informed
it is true of many other States.
"The reason is that most of the evening
papers nave been published for 10 cents a
week. They got big circulations, and a
couple of years ago when* times got hard
people who had been taking the morning
papers at a greater expense discontinued
them and took the evening paper, with per
haps a Sunday paper, and the cost of both
was less than the morning paper. This is
tbe case in St. Paul and Minneapolis. The
Minneapolis Journal, an evening paper,
has increased its circulation over all of the
other Minnesota papers. In Kansas City
the Star is another illustration of an even
ing paper going to the front.
"Of course the situation is different in
San Francisco, and this is a field
that I have looked upon with some inter
est. Preston Harrison alluded to it not
long ago."
Mr. Hawley is scarcely 40 years old. He
is tall, with dark hair and eyes, and is a
pleasing talker. He will be in Los An
geles for some little time.
He says times are improving in the East.
It was very cold when he left Chicaco. In
Cripple Creek lately a large amount of
Eastern capital has been invested, though,
he says, the Colorado people own most of
the big mines.
LADIES' YOKES.
A dainty device to brighten up a dark or an
old gown is shown here. It is a yoke which
may be made of lace, embroidery, batiste or
linen, and edged with lace in one of the many
ways shown here. •'-,,„-, *
A yoke of ecru lace with a collar of rose vel
vet had strips of fur velvet over the shoulders.
the ends of which were long enough to tuck
under the belt,* also of rose velvet. .
A yoke of green velvet was edged with lace.
The collar was of chene , ribbon, . of which a
belt was also made.
A charming, yoke for evening wear was of
yellowish : lace. A ruche of crushed- roses
formed * the collar, and . a bow of the same was
set over the shoulders. Ruffles of white chiffon
were added all around the edges of yoke.
A yoke of embroidered linen may be trimmed
with a ruffle of ribbon live inches" wide, in the
style Introduced by Paquin. The ribbon is put
on easy across the front and back, the corners
turned in square and then gathered over the
shoulders, Striped, plain or chene ribbons are
used. ■ ■■■■■.■ - : : ' -■.'• ''«";".■--'
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
It Was Wednesday— A. S., City. The Ist
of April, 1863, fell on a Wednesday.
Seamen Not Exempt— J. W., City. The law
of this State does not exempt seamen from the
payment of poll-tax.
A. P. A.— L. J., City. The initials. A. P.
A., stand for American Protective Association
and not for American Protestant Association.
Ex-Soldiers— H. W. There is no law on
the statute-books of California that exempts
old soldiers from payment of polltax to the
State. •--.'•:•■; >i -y- ! -y-/
Tennyson— J. A., City. Alfred Tennyson
was born in Somersby, Lincolnshire, August 6,
1809. He died at Aldworth House, near Has
selmere, Surrey, October 6, 1892.
On a Pirate Ship— C. S., City. The question
asked as to the nationality of aJaoy born on a
pirate ship was asked, by another correspon
dent and answered in The Call, January 10.
A Pilot— R. W., Stockton, Cal. To become
a pilot in this State the applicant must be 21
years of age. One between the age of 18 and
21 though qualified in all other respects can
not obtain a license.
Fortifications — A. F. A., Oakiana, Cal.
Information about the fortifications in and
about the harbor of San Francisco is within
the knowledge of the officers at army head
quarters in this City, but they will not im
part it. '
Why Painted White— a. S.. City. A naval
officer says that the reason that the vessels of
the United States navy are painted white is
that it is a color that cannot be distinguished
so readily at a distance as black, and therefore
in case of war an enemy could not locate
the vessels as easily as if "painted the darker
color. ; " . ..-v. -
Problems and Puzzles— J. G. S. and C. W. A,.
City. It is a rule of this department not to
answer problems in algebra or of puzzles of
any kind, and for that reason the answers
asked for are not given.
Cross Eyes— A. C. R. t City. Strabismus, or
what is commonly called cross-eye, arises from
various causes, and it is claimed that the de
fect may be remedied by operation. It is also
snid that the use of certain spectacles will
remedy the defect. A person so affected should
consult a specialist or an optician.
Wheat— A. S.,City. The amount of wheat
raised in California in 1895 is eiven as 26,
--218,000 bushels, and the value of export of
wheat Is given as 5*>9,981,394. From a com
parative table prepared by the Department of
Agriculture -for 1894 California stood the
fourth State in the Union as a producer of
wheat. ' s--yp-->/--.
Eating-Hovse— R. H. S., City. The proprie
tor of an eating-house, like an inn-keeper,
must receive all persons who visit his place for
the purpose of being accommodated; but' he
would have the right to reject any one who
was drunk, disorderly, or a person known to
be of bad character or one who was offensive.
Art Gallery— A. S., City. There is in
.this City the art gallery- in the Hopkins Insti
tute of Art, that is open every day except Sun
days. There are a number of 6tudios in which
are exhibited the works of artists, and in au
dition there are artrooms owned by dealers in
art goods where many pictures are on exhibi
tion. This department cannot, however, ad
vertise such places. • '
Ducks— C. D., City. Ornithologists deter
mine the difference in ■. birds by measurement,
not by weight. According to their measure
ments the length of the mallard duck is from
20 to 25 inches, wings 10}£ to 12 inches and
bill from 2 to 2 4-10 inches, while the canvas
back is in length 20 to 23J4 inches, wings 8%
to 9 l 4 ' inches and bill 2 1-10 to 2 /_ inches,
which makes the mallard the larger.
Pigeons— J. S., City. The authorities never
"employed a man to walk on the roof of the
City Hall to shoot pigeons because they made
so much dirt." Possibly at some time some
one has gone on the root ami slaughtered
pigeons at a time when they were very thick
on the roof and were a nuisance, but he did so
on his own account and nob as an employe of
the City specially appointed for that purpose.
Orlinski— Vf. A. 8., City. It was on the Oth
of December, 1857, that Alexander Orlinski, a
notorious burglar, escaped from the City
Prtson in this City after having struck Jerry B
Moore, the prison-keeper, on the head with a
wooden bar. He had been arrested on the ith
of that month on several charges of burglary
He was not rearrested until the 18th of the
month.
Board of Health— J. J. E., City. The mem
bers of the Board of Health of this City are
appointed by the Governor for a period of five
years. It has been held that the power that
appoints has the power to remove, but it is not
the rule for a Governor to appoint a man to an
office and then remove him as a whim might
move him. If any member of the Board of
Health is guilty of any wrong-doing or neglect
of duty the Governor could undoubtedly re
move him. ■•■--•--•
Accepted Streets— J., City. The City will
not accept a street that has been laid with
bitumen and that has not granite curbstones
The present Board of Supervisors could not
declare illegal a street accepted by a previous
board and Superintendent of Streets; but if it
discovered that within a reasonable time
the street that had been accepted. was not ud
to the specifications, the contractor could be
requested to do the work anew, with the un
derstanding that if he did not he would never
again be allowed to bid for or perform any
street work. ' ■ ."•
To Join the AiuiY-Reader, Stockton, Cal. A
man; wishing to j enlist in , the United . States
army, if in the infantry or artillery, must be
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height, weight
from 128 to 190 pounds; for the cavalry he
*. If you want a sure relief for -ains in the back, side, chest, or
limbs, use. an ■ .. -' ' ' w
Allcock's morons .
II %^-%j %^§S. o Plaster
Bear in MiND-Not one of the host of counterfeits and unit*,
tions is as good as the genuine. «**»•*
must be not less than 5 feet 4 inches nor more
than 5 feet 10 inches .in height, and
weight not to exceed 165 pounds. Enlistment
is for three years in every branch of the
service Original 1 enlistments are by citizens
of the United States or foreigners who have
declared their . intention to become such. The
qualifications are that they- must be able to
speak, read and write the English language.
Upon examination by the physician the mo
bility of the chest must be from two to two and
a half inches, according to the size of the indi
vidual and height and weight.
The First Shot— 8., City. According to
Brevet Major-General Doubleday the first shot
of the War of the Rebellion was the one fired
from Fort Moultrie upon the transport Star of
the West, when on the morning ot the 9th of
January, 1861, she was approaching Fort Sum
ter with re-enforcements and provisions. The
first fire on Sumter was April 12.
Sister-in-law— E. J. G., City. The law of
England says a. man may neither marry his
sister nor his deceased wife's sister, for both
are related to' him in the second degree, nor
his sister's daughter, nor his deceased wife's:
sister's daughter, for botn are related to him in
the third degree, Lord Houghton on the stn
of May, 1879, moved to a second reading a bill
to legalize marriage with a deceased wife's
sister, in which the Prince of Wales in present
ing a petition from Norfolk signified his ap
proval. The Bishop of London and Lord Cran
brook opposp.d the second reading of the bill,
and Lord Houghton's motion was lost by a vote
of 101 to 81. The Prince of Wales, the Duke of
Edinburgh and the Bishop of Ripon voted for
the motion and fourteen Bishops voted against
It." :-•" -■•'-•'
Expenses of the Park— S., City. The re
port of the Park Commissioners for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1895, shows that receipts
from all sources were $229,051 14, and the
disbursements $228,643 24, of which $114,
--259 65 was on construction account, $108.
--683 59 was on maintenance account, and
$5700 salaries of superintendent and secre
tary. The following is the monthly salary-roll
as it appears in the Blue Book of California:
Superintendent, $350 a month: secretary,
$125; foreman of construction. $125 ; foreman
of grounds, at the rate of $4 a day; second
foreman of grounds, $3 50 a day; foreman of
nursery, $3 a day; foreman of conservatory,
$3 a day; four foremen of grounds, $3 a day
each; two foremen of grounds, $2 50 a day
each; carpenter, $3 40 a day; carpenter, $3 a
day; painter and blacksmith, each $3 a day;
six policemen, $80 a month each; eight police
men, $75 a month each; engineer, $100 a
month; curator of museum, $100 a month;
taxidermist, $60 a month; guard, $60 a
month; la borers, about 200 at $2 a day. Total
number of employes, 225. No record is kept
of the nationalities of the employes. P., -. :
Barry's Star With Supplement.
"Old Pard" Bassett on the judicial arm and
railroad methods. Sham reformers flagellated.
Bigoted Brown's baseness. "Origin and Re
sults cf Landlordism in England," by Hon,
Joseph Leggeit. Other live articles. *
Stout people have a greater chance of
long life than thin ones.
(-fecial Information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Pre**
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Miss Old un (playfully)— l'm older than you
think I am.
Miss Caustique— doubt it.— London Tit-Bits.
j At this season a good blood medicine is needed
to give—strength and a feeling of health and vigor
to the whole system. To do this nothing equals
Hood's Sarsaparilla. Try it.
"Brown's Bronchial Troches" . are tin
equaled for clearing the voice. Public speaker}
and singers the world over use them.
The most efficacious stimulant to excite the
appetite are Br. Siegert's Angostura Bitters. Be
ware of counterfeits.
Keep looking young and save your hair, its color
and beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Pa brer's ginger Tonic the best cough cure.
To reduce your weight, use Vrettos' Belt.
NEW TO-DAY.
reaTestate
FOR SALE BY
Tlios. Magee & Sons;
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
CUM TRUST BIILDIXG, COMER MARKET.
PAYING BUSINESS INVESTMENTS.
Washington St., nr. Battery; double front: 40x
120, with substantial brick building, renting lor
8240; $35,000.
Rents $'ii6B; price $28,000; Clay st., nr. San-
some; large lot and building.
Sacramento st.; rents $100; $10,000: between
Kearny and Dupont; rented to Chinese firm who
have been there nearly 20 years: lot 25x137:6,
and good 2-«»tory and basement; brick.
$27,500— Bents Bl7s; Taylor St., bet. Post and
Sutter; boarding-house; 42 rooms: large"lot.
Sutter >-t., >*. side, bet. Mason and Taylor: 22 -6x
80 to rear alley, and fine 3-storv dwelling; 18
rooms: in good order; rents $100; underlease:
$17,000. " ■ -■ -
Geary-st. corner; 28 feet front; rents $123; nr.
Taylor st. '
lor.rth-st. corner renting for $225 : $35,000.
Bents $486 60; corner Geary and Barkin: 120x
120; 2 comers covered with stores and dwellings
Make offer; Eliis-st. corner; rents $274 50 ; $30
000: 90x125; covered with « 2-story dwellings and
9 flats: both streets In good order; must be sold to
close an estate. .....
Polk-st. corner; 30 feet front: good store and
business corner; new building; rents $160: 2 ten-
ants: $28,600.
WESTERN ADDITION — 85000 TO
810,000.
Octavia St., west side, bet. Broadway and Va-
llejo; 25x112:6 and 2-story 8 rooms In very good
order; flne view of bay; street bituminized: only
$6000: easy terms. .
$6000— Very fine house and lot 25x100, McAl-
lister, near Baker; very easy terms; only $1500
cash. .
Clay St.. bet. Scott and Devisadero: flats well
built and cost $4 00; rents $57 60; and lot 25x125-
-$6500; fine neighborhood.
Octavia st. and Hickory ave. corner and 2-story
and basement house in good order: bet. Oak and
Fell: $5125.
Clay st., X. side, bet. Fillmore and Steiner; 25x
102 and good 2-story of 7 rooms and modern con-
veniences: $5000.
Sacramento st., bet. Broderick and Baker: 27:6
x127:8 and very fine 2-story: well finished In nat-
ural wood: finely papered and frescoed; 8 rooms
and modern conveniences; only $7175; street in
order: cable-cars pass.
Ashbury st., near Waller: In the best block; tine
new flats, which cost $4500, and lot 27:4x106;
street in order; $6800; $1500 cash, balance at liy.
percent.
Post st., bet. Polk and Van Ness; 37:6x120 to
l^?. r reet ana very 600d 2-story residence:
$10,000.
LOTS- 81200 TO 83500.
Fifteenth st., N. side, 1 block from Market;
25x115; $1600. *
Very cheap; $2250; Oak st., facing the park:
near Ashbury st. ; 25x100. '
™,\ e . ry cheap: Tot 37:6x96:3; on Lagnna, near
W aller: 1 block from Market St.; only $3750.
$3000— Steiner St.. W. side, bet. " Pacific and
Broadway; 27:6x110: street work done; flne view
Broadway, near Fillmore St.; 25x127:8, $3125.
or any size: good view.
Elchteenth st., bet. Sanchez and Noe; 25x114-
-$l2OO. ' "" JLli *.
ffi ffc ___, If *%/■
m%\ special X
Lsn . Saturday, Jan. 25th. To-day only.
J « Ladies' Kangaroo Button
iff Shoes, strong but neat, all
Ll the go, 2-V to 7, worth $2™;
\w, to introduce 'em $1.35.
//I Watch for Smith's Weekly Specials
IH In to-morrow's Call.
* " Smiths' Cash Store,
*•*-« 41 4, 416, 418 FRONT ST, S. F.SATURDAY JANUARY i-'5, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
California Thkatkr— "Tn Old Kentucky."
Columbia Thkatkr— "The Euslgn.*'
Morosco's 01-era-llouse— A Man Without a
Country."
Trvoi i OrERA-IIousE.— "Ixlon;or, The Man of
the \V heel."
OKrHKVX.-"- High-Class Vaudeville.
t'sovF.R'9 A lcazar.-" Wolves of New York."
ikotthf. Chi-tks.— Daily at Haight street
Ci i- I lock east of the l'ark.
"Bay District Track.— Races.
AUCTION sales.
Barrett & Shkuwood— This day (Saturday),
Diamonds. Watches, Jewelry, etc., at 9 and 11
t'earv street, a: 11 A. m. sod 7:30 P. M.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Jacob Abrahams was arrested yesterday for
cruelty to chickens.
Henry Carson Is suing bis son, Henry Car
bou Jr., for maintenance.
Wheat rose yesterday to $1 17% per hundred
pounds, and is still going up.
The result of one night's cutting and shoot
ing In the tenderloin district.
Local Items, bright and brief, can be round on
this pace 01 the Call every morning.
The Gleaners, a club of working girls, has
come to the rescue of Lois Waisbroker.
The Del Monte Flour Mills suffered $10,000
loss by fire yesterday morning. Insured.
The committee of inquiry in Dr. Brown's
case will commence daily sessions next week.
The Election Commissioners will hold a
meeting on Monday next in the Mayor's oflice.
Jury-briber Hurley is examined by Drs. Fitz
gibbon and McMurdo in San Quentin as to his
canity.
A movement is on foot to organize a Cali
fornia company to aid the Italian troops in
Afrit-
"Unsettled weather and probable rain" are
prophesied for to-day by Local Forecast Official
A. McAdie.
Leon Samuels has been elected assignee of
the creditors of Howard Black, with bonds
fixed at $1500.
Eugene Fardini was sentenced to ten years'
imprisonment by Judge Wallace yesterday for
felonious asault".
Ihe will of Joseph Bryan, leaving an estate
worth $19,502 to various relatives, was filed
for probate yesterday.
More of the poisoned horses at the stables of
the Arctic Oil Works are dying, and the cul
prits are still at large.
Richard Goggins, teamster, (37 years of age,
dropped dead in the yard of the Pacific Lum
ber Company yesterday.
The King Solomon Mining Company, with a
capital stock of $3,000,000, has incorporated.
There is £'250 subscribed.
The case of Mrs. Eliza Monaghan against
Sergeant Hugh Monaghan for divorce was be
fore Judge Hunt yesterday.
The crockery firm of I. Altsehul & Co. that
assigned for $18,000 will pay 25 cents on the
dollar and resume business.
The winners at the Bay District yesterday
were: Lucky Dog, Hermanita, Logan, The
Judge, Summer Time and Elsie.
Real Gibbs, saw-filer, died suddenly at
his home, U37 Mission street, yesterday
morning. He was aged 07 years.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Chiidren will arrest young Sueirolo, the boy
who terrorizes his family, to-day.
Justice Groezinger gave judgment for the
defendant yesterday in the case of Miss M. A.
Deering against Dr. W. A. Hardin?.
The statements of Bernard Huckmantel made
yesterday in an affidavit in an alimony case
may lead to his prosecution for perjury."
Judge Hunt rendered decision in favor of the
defendai.t yesterday in the suit of Ida E. Tar
box against Ben C. Tarbox for maintenance.
Thomas S. Harrison will address the District
Lodge of Good Templars this evening on the
merits of the National Amendment Club plan.
The Nee Vailev Defense Association has col
lected over $400 for the purpose of contesting
the suit brought against them by the Noe
heirs.
Mrs. Stanford has been attracted by Meyer
Strauss' nlc'tire of Father Serra on his way to
found San Carlos Mission, and may pur
chase it.
G. Parodi is suing Joseph Newman for
$1500, the price of 140,000 corks, which the
plaintiff claims were improperly appropriated
by Newman.
The contest of the will of Domingo Ghira
delli was in argument before Judge Coffey yes
terday afternoon. There i* still more elo
quence to come to-day.
State Superintendent of Public Instruction
Samuel T. Black lectured in the auditorium of
the Girls' High School last evening upon the
the needs of our public schools.
The St. Andrews Society celebrated the one
hundred and thirty-seventh birthday of
Robert Burns by ■ dance, literary and musical
entertainment at Scottish Hall last night.
Mrs. CeliaGilligan complained yesterday to
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children that her husband had wounded her
in slashing her dress to pieces on her person.
Mayor Sutro thinks the action of the Legis
lature of Kentucky in moving to revoke the
charter of the Southern Pacific will practically
lead to the defeat of the funding bill at Wash
ington.
Seven trustees of the Mechanics' Institute
are to be elected on February 25. The present
management has named a ticket. Five other
men are also in nomination. A lively fight is
promised.
At a meeting of socialists last night at Mozart
Hall the subject of Government ownership of
railroads was discussed and a resolution favor
ing a boycott of the Southern Pacific Company
was adopted.
Delmas & Snortridge have filed their appear
ance as defendants' counsel in the suit of the
Croeker-Woolworth Bank to recover the
amount of the check raised by A. H. Dean
from the Nevada Bank.
The Council of Trades last night adopted
vigorous .resolutions against the funding bill,
and made & suggestion as requested to the
United States Labor Commissioner to consider
the effect of a general eight-hour law for the
country.
The story of the Norton decree by which the
heirs were forever barred from bringing
suits to dispossess property-owners on the San
Miguel Rancho, published exclusively in The
Call, was read with delight by the residents of
Noe Valley.
John Lynch's will was filed yesterday. He
leaves $15,000, his entire estate, to his sister,
Mary A. Dore, provided she shall support her
two brothers, Michael and Thomas Lynch. If
the brothers attempt a contest she need not
support them.
Auditor Broderick may refuse to sign the
warrant for the assessment levied by the Cali
fornia River Improvement Association on this
City and County on the ground that there is
no .aw to justify such an appropriation by the
Board of Supervisors.
A verdict for the defendant was rendered in
the case of Charles E. Phillips against the
Market-street Railway Company yesterday.
Phillips sued $25,000 damages" for an injury
received on April 30, 1894, on Hayes and Lar
kin streets, in a bumper accident.
Rose P. Lewis is suing the "Chutes" people
for 10,000 for injuries which she claims to
have received in one of the defendant's boats.
She was thrown upon her back when the boat
struck the water, and hurt her spine. She says
her health is permanently impaired.
It was positively stated yesterday by a man
intimate with affairs of the North Pacific Coast
Railway that "Jim" Hill of the Great Northern
line was interested in the combination with
the Douahue road, the object being to build a
competing transcontinental road to San Fran
cisco Kay. " X J-;: ;
The poolroom ordinance, prohibiting the
Bale of pools outside the confines of racetracks,
which was sent back to the joint Judiciary and
Health and Police committees by the Board of
Supervisors on Monday last, was not acted on
at the meeting yesterday, but was laid over
for one week.
A hill of equity has been filed in the United
States District Court against heirs of John Bens
ley by John Lloyd, assignee of Bensley, praying,
that the defendants be restrained for continu
ing suits clouding titles of the Bensley lands.
It is bused on the final decree of the District
Court in December, 1893.
H. \V. Hawley, formerly owner of the Denver
Times and until lately of a considerable
interest in the Chicago Times-Herald, is at the
Palace. He is here on a business trip, after
visiting Denver and Cripple Creek, and is ac
companied by Mrs. Hay.ley. He says the even
ing papers in the East have, during the last
couple of years, outstripped the morning
dailies IE circulation.
, ■*■•'/• Smith, a customs officer, cashed a draft
lor $18 ,5, drawn in another A. .1. Smith's
name by the Treasury Department. He in
dorsed the draft "a. j. Smith," making his or
dinary signature, but United States District
Utorney Foote says he aid not sign his own
>ut the other A. J. Smith's name, and a war
lant has been issued for the arrest of the cus
tims officer on a charge of forgery.;
CARNIVAL OF
CARMINE HUE
Cutting and Shooting Scrapes
in the Tenderloin Dis-
REEL TERRY AND KNIFE.
C. P. Newcombe Punctures Brandy
Barrels With His Little
Pistol.
ONLY ONE CHINAMAN KILLED.
The Riotous Wave From Market Street
to Brenham Place and Its Sad
Results. 7
The midnight hour had barely , struck
yesterday when a perfect carnival of shoot
ing and cutting was inaugurated.
It began at Market street, and the
Joseph Hcrbicu, the Barkeeper Who Was Shot by J. C. Newcombe.
sanguine wave, buoyed by whisky, gin,
ill-advised patriotism and general cranki
ness, swept northward through the ten
derloin districts into Chinatown, where
the only killing took place.
As a resume of the epidemic there is one
corpse at the Morgue, two seriously
wounded men in the Receiving Hospital,
another hidden away in the Mongolian
quarters and two walking the streets
ready to renew hostilities at the "drop of
the hat."
The preliminary of this aggregation of
gory encounters was between Keel B.
Terry, the fiery young attorney, and
E. A. Phillips, a former secretary of the
Pilot Commissioners. The seriousness of
this conflict lies mainly in the fact that
Terry violated all the ethics of a real old
time street light by drawing a knife and
jabbing his antagonist's skuil some few
times, winding up his thirst for vengeance
by poking at Mr. Phillips' left eye.
in explanation of bis course of pro
cedure yesterday Mr. Terry said that he
aid not propose to let any man "lick" him.
"I thought I could not get away with
him with my fists." Mr. Terry said, "so I
used the knife."
The cause of the trouble is veiled in the
reminiscences of an interchange of
financial accommodation between Phillips
and Terry. Each claimed the other to be
his debtor.
Bo to-day are penitent that they al
lowed their dispute to have the far-reach
ing consequences it has attained. Terry,
And the Tramp Saw That the Brandy
Went Not to Waste. //A..
however, who wielded the knife, feels that
Phillips has cause for anger, and his in
quiry yesterday was:
"Do you think he wants to go a-gun
ning?"
While he professes sorrow at what oc
curred, it is evident that Terry is anxious
to know whether he should "heel him
self for further warfare.
Mr. Terry is the nephew of the late
David Terry, who killed Senator Broderick
during pioneer days and who subsequently
was killed by United States Deputy Mar
shal David eagle. He is regarded by those
who know him as a good-natured bohe
mian, whose merry laugh turns suddenly
to a hiss when he imagines himself the
butt of an insult.
As the latter affair was nearing its end
and the wounded were being treated either
at the Receiving Hospital or at their
home, the warm blood wave shifted away
a few blocks to the northwest corner of
Post street and Grant avenue.
It was in the basement saloon of Albert
Arnaud, a Frenchman who claims that in
the past twenty-two years he has been in
business he has never had to blow a police
whistle. ■-..'■
Whether he means by this statement
that he has heretofore been able to take
care of obstreperous customers without for
eign aid is not easy to understand, as this
affair has worked him up to a high pitch of
excitement. • ;-."'_-
Mr. Arnaud was not in his establish
ment when the trouble began and his bar
keeper, who was shot in the groin, and the
stranger, who had his leg penetrated Dy a
bullet for attempting to stop the impend
ing trouble, are both lying very quietly at
the French Hospital, where they are pro
hibited from speaking; .
In his excitement Mr. Arnaud ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.
plains that Joseph Herbieu, the barkeeper,
was attending to his regular duties, when a
man, who was subsequently learned to be
C. P. Newcombe, dropped in and was
served with a drink. In the saloon at the
time were a number of customers, among
whom was Officer Mcßay.
The latter and Newcombe engaged in an
argument as to the respective merits of
tbe English and United States navies, Mr.
Mcßay exalting the British forces to the
evident dislike of Newcombe.
The lie was passed; Newcombe received
a punch in the face, and recovering, he
pulled out a pistol and fired almost point
blank at the officer. The latter, who is a
stout man and whos- face looks stouter
still on account of . bushy red whiskers,
suffered no further harm than the singe
ing of his facial adornment. But the bullet
sped on and punctured one of the fortv
gallon casks of brandy lined up on the
east end of the saloon. '
This was more than the barkeeper could
stand. He jumped out from behind the
counter with a bungstarter in his hand.
Whether or not it was his intention to
plug up the hole made by Newcombe's
bullet or to inflict punishment on the
shooter is not easy to ascertain.
Newcombe evidently was in doubt and
he turned bis weapon on the bar
keeper, shooting him in the groin. In an
other moment Albert Callin, one of the
other visitors in the place, started for
Newcombe, who, being excited, shot him
in the leg.
There were no other aggressive people
in the place by that time and Newcombe
had two more full cartridges in his revol
ver. These he used in perforating another
cask or two. allowing Mr. Arnaud's good
grape juice to flow freely.
The shooting naturally attracted a vast
concourse of the habitues of the tender
loin. Women, men and tramps soon put
in an appearance, and while the former
reveled in all the sanguinary details
of the shooting the genus hobo allowed
but little of the leaking brandy to go to
waste.
A minor incident in the bloody carnival
of the day was the purring match on
Brenham place, where John Yockei kicked
Jim Schwartz, alias "Can-can Murphy,"
in the shins. Murphy is one of the "gin
fiends who frequent Chinatown buying
the fiery liquid when he cannot raise
enough money to buy opium. Murphy
objected to being kicked, and he stabbed
Y'ockel in the groin.
Not far from the last mentioned cutting
scrape Len Wong and Hong Yu, two
Chinese highbinders, disagreed ns to the
proprietorship of one of the Mongolian
chattels. Len Wong shot Hong Yu in
the leg and Hong Y"u killed Len Wong.
As far as is known, the carnival of blood
ceased in Chinatown. S
M'GLADE TO BE RESTORED
The Election Commissioners Will
Hold a Meeting on Monday
Next.
Preparations for the Coming Primaries.
Hinton's Salary Will Be
Paid.
Mayor Sutro made an ineffectual effort
yesterday to call the Election Commission,
which, by a recent decision of the Supreme
Court, consists of the Mayor, Auditor,
Tax Collector, City and County Attorney
and City Surveyor, together yesterday, but
a quorum could not be obtained and the
gathering was put over until Monday
morning at 10 o'clock, when a meeting
will be held in the Mayor's office to take
the preliminary steps for the coming elec
tions.
Under the new primary law the names
of officers for the primary elections should
be elected this month, but the Commis
sioners are confident that the Supreme
Court will declare that law unconstitu
tional. The matter will be discussed at
the meeting of the Commissioners, to
gether with the amendments to- the old
law, passed by the last Legislature, chang
ing the period of registration. Formerly
the Commissioners were required to begin
the work of registration ninety days be
fore election, but now it must commence
160 days before the election.
Registrar Hinton's salary demands,
amounting to $1800, which have been re
fused for the last six months owing to the
litigation just ended, will probably be
passed at the next meeting and the Aud
itor will sign them.
It is quite likely that Chief Deputy Mc-
Giade, who resigned when the election law
was enacted, will be restored to his posi
tion. .',-...
It is said that Charles Gildea. the re
cently elected president of the Iroquois
Club, has been looking for the position of
chief deputy under Hinton, but that Gov
ernor Budd, who is McGlade's firm friend,
will insist that he be restored to his office.
PARDINI SENTENCED.
He Will Go. to the State Prison for
a Term of Ten
Years. ■
Eugene Pardini was sentenced to ten
years' imprisonment by Judge Wallace
yesterday for a felonious assault, upon a
little girl named Minnie Eagan.
L. A. "Pistoled,' attorney for Pardini,
spent most of the morning .in arguing a
motion for a ntw trial, but this was de
nied by Judge Wallace, and sentence was
passed at once. The full limit for the
crime of which Pardini stands convicted
is fourteen * years, and . Pardini expected
that sentence.. He | showed unqualified
pleasure when he was given ten years, and
he laughed and shook hands with what
friends were near him. apparently much
satisfied with the turn things had taken.
Phillip Ratz will come before Judge
Wallace next Friday to be sentenced for a
similar crime, .^pdn
\ . Kitty Nelson Arrested.
Kitty Nelson, the partner of the woman
known as Ethel Brandon, who is accused of ex
tracting $100 in gold coin from the pocket of
E. F. Duncan of Napa, was arrested yesterday
on a charge of grand larceny. Mr. Duncan has
been on the lookout for Miss Nelson since the
day of the robbery, and yesterday came face to
face with' her near the scene of : the alleged
crime. Not seeing an : officer he started in not
pursuit of the young woman, but not until she
had led .him a merry chase through the numer
ous corridors of the Baldwin Hotel did he
finally effect her capture. , Mr. Duncan is in
dignant -because' the police have not taken
greater interest in the case, and threatens to
make it warm for somebody. .-,'
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
The Italian ' Warship Cristoforo
Colombo Expected Next
Month.
'■: ' "
A KING'S NEPHEW ABOARD.
Sealing Schooners That Left Early
Have All Done Fairly Well
j So Far. Gil
The Italian warship Christoforo Colom
bo, which has been making a tour of the
world with the nephew of King Humbert
on board, is expected in San Francisco
about February 1. The Italian colony is
already making preparations to entertain
the officers and men and a gay time is
expected.
A dispatch to l'ltalia of this City from
Victoria, B. C, states that the cruiser ar
rived there yesterday morning from Hono
lulu, having on board as an active officer
the Duke of Abruzzi, a nephew of King
Humbert. The vessel is to leave for Es
quimau to-day, where a reception will be
tendered the Duke and officers of the
cruiser on Sunday afternoon by Lieutenant-
Governor Dewdney, Admiral Stephenson
of the British North Pacific squadron and
the citizens of Victoria and Vancouver.
The officers of the Colombo are : Captain
Bertolino, Executive Officer Presbitero,
Lieutenants Gogin, Rombo, Kesio, Frigero
and the Duke of Abruzzi. Her full com
plement is 280 men, including officers.
The Colombo will remain in Esquimalt
until the 28th inst., when she will leave
for San Francisco, where she will proba
bly remain one month.
The sealing schooners that have been
operating along the coast seem to have
done well. Captain White of the Ep
pinger came down from Drakes Bay yes
terday, and reports a catch of 327 seals.
The Alton bad 100 skins and the Kate and
Anna 55. According to Captain White the
prospects seemed good, and the three ves
sels expected to make big catches. The
Kate i and Anna only remained long
enough in port to take on board her three
hunters, who were lost in a fog and finally
reached Drakes Bay.
According to Captain White the three
men had a very hard time of it. They lost
the Kate and Anna on the sth inst., and
the next day were picked up by a coasting
schooner. After getting some provisions
they started out again to find their vessel,
and, failing, were picked up by the steamer
Point Arena. When off Bowens Landing
they decided to tempt their fate again
and* make for Drakes Bay, where they ex
pected to find the Kate and Anna. After
being out in the open boat a day and a
night in the bitter cold of the first part of
the week, they were picked up by the Ash
ing steamer U. S. Grant and taken to their
destination. rt :'//[ -vf*
When found by the Grant they were ex
hausted and almost frozen. There was
plenty of provisions, but the cold took all
life out of the men. At Drakes Bay there
The Duke of Abruzzi, Nephew of King Humbert of Italy, Who Will Arrive Here in
a Few Days on the Italian Cruiser, Christoforo Colombo.
[From a photograph.]
was no sign of the Kate and Anna and the
men had to wait a week before she put in
an appearance. They were taken care of
by the farmers in the vicinity, and after
their week of hardships grew fat on eggs,
butter and milk. pz?4.
The steam schooner Point Arena will
make a special trip to Point Arena to-day,
returning Sunday. During the storms
that have prevailed the steamer has been
unable to land at Point Arena and in con
sequence all the supplies are stored in San
Francisco while the produce remains at
the other end. This state of affairs was
presented to C. D. Ford, the managing
'owner of the vessel, and he at once agreed
to help out. The Point Arena will leave
again on her schedule time, so no one will
suffer except the vessel's owners, as the
extra trio will be a dead loss. The com
mission merchants and the wholesale men
are very much pleased over the way Cap
tain Ford met their advance and it is safe
to say the vessel's revenue will , not suffer
in the long run by the extra trip.
Charley Fair, the young millionaire, has
finally decided to accept the gasoline
yacht Lucero. George A. Knight, the
attorney, acting for him, has thoroughly
tested the craft and is quite satisfied that
she is seaworthy and meets all the specifica
tions called for. Mr. and Mrs. Fair will
be back in San Francisco in a few months,
and it is then expected that they and a
party of friends will make a pleasure trip
to Monterey and Santa Cruz.
The pilot boat Lady Mine had a narrow
escape on the bar last Wednesday. She
was swept by a heavy roller and all the
provisions were either ruined or washed
overboard. In .consequence the boat. had
to put in , for a fresh supply and went out
again this morning. Captain "Pete Ott
had a narrow escape of going overboard,
but he succeeded in catching arope, which
prevented him from taking a plunge. The
hardy old' salt laughed at his adventure
and remarked that many a time he had
been in a worse predicament.
Every inoh of dockage space on the
water front is taken up, and captains who
brought their ships in during the past few
days are clamoring for berths. The
Roanoke has a large quantity of railroad
iron on board for alley road, and wants
to discharge it as quickly as possible, but
until some other large ship moves out she
will have to remain in the stream. The
first one to sail will be the Kenilworth,' and
the Roanoke will.probably take her place
at Harrison street. For the first time since
the sea wall was built there is a ship dis
charging a general cargo at the grain sheds,
and a coast-wise schooner is unloading at
Washington-street wharf. Chief Warfinger
Root is almost worried to death over the
existing state of affairs, but can do nothing
to remedy matters. Ships now in the
stream will simply have to wait their turn.
Bateman Brothers drove the first nail in
the work called for j by their contract in
the new ferry depot. They erected about
sixty feet of fencing and then stopped
work. At the next meeting of the board
the contractors will present a bill for the
work, which will be refused payment, and
the whole matter will then be carried to
the Supreme Court.
The steamer San Bias arrived from Cen
tral American ports yesterday, but brought
very little news of" interest. Her cabin
passengers were: Mr. and Mrs. Fred F.
Murphy from New York and Samuel Bat
ten, A. Rawlinson, John Lundblad, J. B.
Bowles, Ernest Fordase, G. H. McCaus
land, H. T. Lloyd and A. Manugas, from
Panama and way ports.
It was on the San Bias that Major
Charles Radford went to Central America,
but the officers of the steamer were not
sure whether he had been shot or not for
the murder of Charles Simmons, the Ger
man merchant from whom he purchased
some land. "
The steamer Homer, which was spoken
in a disabled condition by the Areata, ar
rived in port yesterday morning. Her
port engine broke down, but she managed
to get along all right on the starboard ma
chinery. As soon as ber cargo is dis
charged she will go on the drydock for re
pairs. AT .- ■ '77777:
The recruits on the Monterey were given
a rowing drill yesterday, and the manner
in which they handled the oars caused
great merriment among the boatmen. Be
fore they had been out an hour, however,
the "raw hands" were doing fairly well,
and nearly all of them will make good
sailors. - * , „
Will Feast the Sailors.
The Italian Chamber of Commerce, of
which Cavalier Calegaris is president, de
cided some Weeks ago to tender a banquet
to the Duke degli Abruzzi and the other
officers of the Christoforo Colombo. There
were other members of the colony who
believed that it would not be just to leave
the sailors out in the general rejoicing, so
last night an informal meeting was held
at 519 Davis street to arrange for regaling
the sailors also. Among those interested
in the scheme are Signori Dellare and
Valvo.
HACKED HER DRESS.
Novel Way of Compelling a Wife to
Keimiin in the House.
Mrs. Celia Gilligan of 1114 Treat avenue
told a startling story to General McComb
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children yesterday.
According to Mrs. Gilligan's statement,
she has been living apart from her hus
band, John T. Gilligan, for the last few
months, on account of his inability to
support her. During this time she has
lived at her mother's home on Treat
avenue, and has supported her two small
children by working in an electric
laundry.
Thursday evening, Mrs. Gilligan states,
her husband came home, and after obtain
ing some money from her. ordered her not
to go out with her mother, as she was
about to do. On flier refusal "to comply
with this demand, he accused her of in
tending to meet some one else, and becom
ing very violent drew out a knife and
slashed and hacked her dress to strips on
her person.
Mrs. Gilligan, who is a neat, pleasant-
spoken young woman, showed General
McComb a ga3h in her wrist, which she
said had been inflicted by her husband in
the process of hacking her dress. She also
stated that she bore other wounds inflicted
while the waist of ber dress was being
slashed. After ruining the attire she wore
the husband turned his attention to a dress
hanging in the wardrobe and cut that
also.
John T. Gilligan has threatened to taKe
the children, aged respectively rive and
three years, from his wife, and *it was on
this account that she stated her woes to
General McComb. She was informed that
she could to-day take out a warrant for
battery, or could bus her husband for a
divorce. • The woman left, promising to
come back to-day.
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.
Engineer McCrea , Stops His Engine
Within a Few Feet of the
, ; 7 Body.
Charles Hackmeier, a brother-in-law of
Mrs. Hackmeier, who conducts a hotel on
Eddy street, made a desperate attempt to
commit suicide last Wednesday, and but
for the promptness and skill of Engineer
McCrea of the Southern Pacific Company
would have succeeded.
On the day mentioned Hackmeier went
out Harrison street, and when midway be
tween . sixteenth and Seventeenth de
liberately threw himself across, the rails.
In a few moments the San Jose train came
rushing- along, and then it was that the
would-be suicide discovered that he was on
the wiong track. It took him but a mo
ment to correct .this, however, and when
Engineer McCrea, -'.who had seen the whole
proceedings, succeeded in -bringing his
train to a standstill, the pilot was within
an arm's length • of the intended self-mur
derer.: '"A. 'p- ; . - ' / ;.'
Officer Fontanna was called, but it was
not until after a hard struggle that he suc
ceeded in placing Hackmeier under arrest.
He was carried to the Receiving Hospital,
when shortly after he developed symptoms
of insanity. Since; then he has been con
fined in a padded cell.
Lecture* on Early. Christianity.
Rev. J. Cumming Smith is delivering a series
of lectures on "The Early Christian Heroes", at
Trinity Presbyterian , Church;' Twenty-third
and Capp streets. The second lecture will be
given to-morrow evening at 7:30 o'clock.- The
subject is "John Hubs."
•; _-_"_"_'_'_•__ NEW TO-DAT.
j^ m m m^m m " Pure and Sure."
Baking Powder.
Manufactured originally by Cleveland Brothers, Albany, N. Y.,
now by the Cleveland Baking Powder Company, New York.
has been used by American housewives for twenty-five
years, and those who have used it longest praise it most
Receipt book free, Send stamp and address. Cleveland Baking Powder Co, , New York. **
VOLUNTEERS FOR AFRICA.
Italians Who Wish to Form a
California Company for
Abyssinia.
FULL OF AEDOK TO FIGHT.
G. Firpo of Los Angeles Inaugurates
the Movement An Appeal to
the Papers.
A movement is on foot among a band of
ardent young Italians in this State to or
ganize a volunteer corps and start for the
Dark Continent to strike a blow in Italy's
cause against the hosts of dusky Abyssin
ians who are at present investing Ma
kalle.7"7;^
In Italy itself the war fever has risen to
a high pitch and echoes of the patriotic
sentiments are wafted across the ocean
and the continent by means of newspapers
and magazines and by the recitals of tray-
eler-j who have recently come from the ro
mantic peninsula.
Signor A. Devoto, who has just returned
from a long tour in Italy, says that on all
hands he was surprised by the ardor
displayed by young men, who are anxious
to volunteer for active service. On the
railroads he met trains full of soldiers
singing and hurrahing for joy that they
were being sent to the front, and the sol
diers in garrisons at the large cities were
growing restless to go to the war.
"In my native town, near Genoa," he
said, "a telegram was received stating that
eight men were needed to complete a con
tingent. The commanding officer asked
the men who wanted to see active service
to step forward, and every soldier in the
garrison presented himself as a volunteer.
The men who had the strongest constitu
tions combined with the best good service
record were permitted to form the eight
needed to complete the contingent. In
some of the large garrisons where there
are thousands of soldiers the men have
volunteered for active service without a
single exception."
Recitals of this warlike ardor at present
pervading Italy have inspired a band
of young Italians in the southern part of
the State with the desire to shed their
blood in the desert sands of Africa if need
be and leave their bones to bleach in the
stifling Abyssinian heat before Makalle.
Thirst is one of the worst enemies the
troops have to fight, and it has grown to
be a proverb in Italy when a place is un
bearably hot and suffocating to exclaim,
"This is like Massowah."
The movement for organizing a Cali
fornia volunteer contingent has started in
Los Angeles, but Italians from all over the
State have been invited to enroll them
selves.
G. Firpo is the head of the new move
ment, and the scope of the scheme, for
which he is now working in Los Angeles,
is explained in a letter which has been
published in the various Italian papers in
this State. After commenting on the
stirring news which daily arrives from
Africa, he continues:
It would be fine also for us, far away from
the mother country, to lend her our aid.
The Italian colony in California, which is so
large and so full of ardor when patriotism is
called for, could form a regiment of volunteers
and go to Africa to lend aid to our soldiers and
hold aloft the honor of our tri-colorea flag. I
hope tnat the San Francisco colony will Took
with favor upon the proposition and will de
cide to act.
A number of Italians in Los Angeles have
considered the idea and would willingly unite
themselves with others of their race to go to
the theater of war, fight our foes and return
victorious.
I beg you to give space in your esteemed
paper to this proposition and to pardon the
liberty of having demanded it. With much
esteem, G. Fiaro.
No action has yet been taken by mem
bers of the local Italian colony to join the
volunteers, but it is understood that
Firpo and his friends are pushing their
scheme at Los Angeles.
EPWORTH LEAGUE.
Quarterly Meeting of the Alliance Rep
resenting San Francisco and
Alameda Counties.
The eleventh quarterly meeting of the
worth League Alliance, which takes
in all the young people's societies of the
Methodist churches of this City and Ala
meda County, was held on Thursday night
at the little Fifteenth-avenue Church in
South San Francisco.
The first part of ' the programme was
held in the open air, John M. Martin lead
ing a band of leaguers out into the street
at 7:15 o'clock. A large crowd gathered
and a lively meeting was held. On the re
turn to the church the visitors were wel
comed by the pastor. Rev. E. M. Hill.
James L. Case responded in place of his
father, Rev. W. W. Case, and he dwelt
upon the fact that the elaborate organiza
NEW TO-DAY.
$sr™Tos2s*
ELECTRIC
BELTS.
Others ask from $20 to $78. Don't be hum-
bugged into paying exorbitant prices for Electric
Belts. Call and see us before purchasing.
Mail Orders Solicited. '>/;
Expressage Prepaid.
We are headquarters for
TRUSSES.
Prices $1.75 to $5.00.
We Guarantee a Perfect Pit.
OUR PHYSICIAN
Treats with success Catarrh, Rheumatism, Private
Diseases,": Kidney and liver Troubles, Nervous
Debility, etc. _- '
WRITE TO us
Patients out of tho pity treated as skillfully as
those in the city by writin? forour question blanks.
No charge for advice or diagnosis.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
053 Marls.ol Street,
, South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth. 7
tion of the leagues would avail nothing if
the members individually were not alive
with zeal in Christian work. Mrs. Susie
Hert Mark sang -'If I Were a Voice."
The following leagues gave reports of the
work during the past year in the way of
prayer meetings and street meetings held,
jails and hospitals visited, good literature
distributed, and food, clothing and money
given to the Door: California street, Cen
tral, Epworth, Fifteenth avenue, First
Church, Grace, Howard, Potrero, Simpson,
Trinity, First Swedish and Chester street,
Oakland.
Rev. W. S. Urmy of Potrero Methodist
Church gave an address on the subject:
"How to Win Young Men for the
League." ;A;/7A7'/
Before engaging in the closing consecra
tion service, Dr. Beatty of Chester street
stated that he wished the audience to raise
the amount still owing on a beautiful
or^an which the league of the Fifteenth
avenue Church has recently purchased for
the churc:i services. In less than five
minutes that was done.
The following officers were elected to
serve this year: A. C. Stevens, president:
C. B. Perkins, first vice-president; Mrs.
Ida Benson, second vice-president; Miss
Agnes Nickerson, third vice-president;
Miss Mary E. Speakman, secretary; A.
Wistrand, treasurer; H. F. Perry, choris
ter; Miss Anna Hammond, organist; H.
E. Snook, chairman of the street commit
tee; and L. M. Emerson, chairman of the
jail committee.
All animals whose habitat is the Arctic
region turn white in winter.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
<%* THEATRE IW*.1 W*.
JOYOUS RETURN
iiib IN I TO " NIQHT
saw OLD I Matinee Sat'day
LAST
night KENTUCKY I
The Pickaninny I The Glorious
RRASS RAND | HORSE RACE
SEATS NOW ON SALE
For Second and Last Week
"IN OLD KEHTUJKY!''
**r ALCAZAR
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.^—
i Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c.
The Great Comedy Drama,
THE WOLVES
OF NEW YORK!
The Great Poolroom Scene !
The Great Music Hall Scene!
The Great Oil Yard Scene!
The Prison Scene I
The Great "Winter Scene !
Nlsrht Prices— lOc. 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c.
Monday— "A CANTING SCOUNDREL."
rniCDLAnOI;R.<rOTTLOD « c=>- it»M am rum M- • ■
MEN, EVERYBODY
WOMEN, WILL
CHILDREN, COME
— To-Day or To-Morrow to See
** *r aa: jes ob nxr sig- io* "
BY THK
FRAWLEY COMPANYI
Next Monday — "MEN AND "WOMEN !
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Sins. JißNßinMi kki.i vo I'ropriutor <£ Man*
EVERY EVENING .
THIRD EDITION THIRD EDITION
Of the Beautiful Spectacle,
"IXION !" "IXION
• Or, THE MAN OF THE WHEEL.
NEW SONGS! NEW DANCES!
NEW SPECIALTIES !
NEW LOCALISMS!
IN PREPARATION
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE I"
A New American Opera iu Three Acta.
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production In San Francisco of James Has-
Kins' Great Melodrama,
"A MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY!"
' A Story of Louisiana During
the Civil War.
■Evening Prickj— 2so and STo.
Family Circle and Galierr. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Potts!!.
Ladies' and Children's Matinee To-day.
Parquet, any seat, "be; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, any part, 10c. •
OVERWHELMING SUCCESS OF .
OUR BRILLIANT NEW COMPANY !
RACHEL WALKER,
Tho Creole Nightingale— Musical Sensation
SISTERS DE the City.
SISTERS DE VAN,
SISTERS DE WITT, Etc.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
TRIP THE TOOLLEY
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BUIDAY AFTERSOON AT 4 O'CLOCK
MISS MILLIE VIOLA,
Empress of the Air,
"WILL MAKE A BALLOON ASCENSION
AND PARACHUTE DROP.
ADMISSION IO CENTS
Children (including Merry-Go-Round Ride), 10a
RACING! RACINGI RACINGI
-■ --aSffe
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING ■
Beginning- Thursday, January 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACKS EACH DAY.
• Races start at 2:00 P. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street can pass the gate.
R. B. MILROY. THOS, H. WILLIAMS JR.,
Secretary. \ President
78
FATHER YORKE
ON H. W. BOWMAN.
The Chancellor's Caustic
Denunciation of the
A. P. A. Man.
"UNSPEAKABLE WRETCH"
Declares There Is "No Argument
for Him or His but the
Lash."
SPIRITED REPLY TO WENDTE.
Father Yorke Discusses at Length the
Charges of Intolerance Against
His Church.
In reply to the last letter of H. W. Bow
man the llev. Father Yorke writes as fol
lows:
January 24.
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: " It is
with the greatest reluctance that I refer to a
letter which appears in your columns this
morning. That letter is signed H. W. Bow
man. Bowman is a minister of the gospel and
spokesman for the American Protective Asso
ciation.
Concerning him I stated some time ago that
while I was prepared to answer argument with
argument I was not prepared to descend to ob
scenity. The American people are not yet
ready to believe that our institutions must be
defended with tilth.
Hence I have paid no attention to the docu
ments which have appeared over the signature
of H. W. Bowman." The few arguments hid
den away in them have been already used by
others, and in answering others I shall have
an opportunity to notice all that is worth no
ticing. But no one can expect me to descend
to the level of Bowman. My duty does not
compel me to go down into the sewers.
I would have continued to ignore him, but
his letter this morning is so foul that lam
driven to protest. I had hoped that even the
A. P. A. realized the unspeakable infamy of
its slanders on the sisters of the Catholic
church. I had hoped that this City would
never again be disgraced by such a manifesta- I
tion of indecency. But the representatives of j
bigotry learn nothing and are impervious to !
shame- •. *v -
Let Americans look on the following sen- j
tence and learn what manner of men are they
who attack us: "Chastity in a bishop, priest or j
nun means the license of lust under the guise j
of celibate abstinence."
I cannot trust myself to write about the au
thor of such a charge. Let it stand in its shame '
the condemnation of A. P. -ism written by the j
representative of the A. P. A.
My duty is clear. There is only one course
for me to pursue. I cannot even appear to be
engaged in a controversy with such au uu- !
spea table wretch. I have been willing to ex- !
plain the doctrines of my church and to de- :
lend her teachings, but if this controversy is
to be made the means of slandering the best,
the purest, the noblest women ou God's earth,
then I stop it here and now.
The name of H. W. Bowman shall never j
strain, under any provocation, pass ny pen.
For him and for his there is no argument but [
the lash. Yours, truly, P. C. Yobke.
CHURCH AND STATE.
Rev. Chancellor Yorka Continues
His Reply to Rev. Dr. Wendte.
The Rev. Father Yorke contributes the
following in answer to Dr. Charles W.
Wendte:
January 24, 1896.
To the Editor of the CaU— Dear Sip. : In my
last letter 1 drew the attention of your readers
to the persecution of the Catholic church i.i
Germany during the "seventies." That perse
cution was commenced by Bismarck at a time
when the German Catholics had given every
evidence of their loyaltytotheState. In it he was
aided and abetted by tne polysyllabic professors
whom Dr. Wendte calls to the stand to witness
against us. The distinguished defender of
American ideas then, witn his usual inconsist
ency, proceeds arm in arm with the persecu
tors <rt the nineteenth century to denounce
those who sanctioned persecution in the thir
teenth.
RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION.
The story of man's inhumanity to man is a
long story and a sad one. No chapter thereof
is longer or sadder than that which tells of
Fersecution carried on in the name of religion.
I for one would gladly leave that chapter
closed, for I do not think it helpful to the
higher life to dwell overmuch on the barbarity
of our ancestors. Still, the story of persecution
is one of these things which will not down. If
not openly spoken of it is hinted at and mut
tered and whispered. Hence it is better to
face the truth at once fairly and squarely. We
Catholics have nothing to hide eitner in our
doctrines or in our history. Especially in this
question of persecution we need not iear a
comparison with other denominations. lam
glad, therefore, that Dr. Wendte's argumenta
tive drag-net has brought up this matter. We
might as well examine it now as at any other
time.
WHAT BELLARMINE SAID. - - : ,
As far as 1 can make out Dr. Wendte's object
In introducing the charge of persecution is to
prove that the Catholic church is necessarily
Intolerant, and that if we had tne power to
day we would re-establish the inquisition. He
sums up our alleged doctrine in a quotation
which he ascribes to Bellarmine: "Heretics
when strong are to be commended to God;
when weak, delivered to the executioner." I
then designated that alleged quotation as a
"monstrous sentiment," and I repeat now
that it in no way expresses the practice of
Catholics or Catholic nations even in the most
Intolerant times.
In the first place let me remark that there is
no doctrine of the Catholic religion which in
culcates the duty of persecution for conscience
sake. Evidently Dr. Wendte has searched high
and low for such doctrines and all tne pas
sages he has been able to produce are :
, (1) A sentiment attributed to Bellarmine. .
(2) An answer from Aquinas that heretics
may be handed over to the civil power.
(3) A sentence from Plus IX that the so
called lioerty of conscience should not be pro
claimed by law.
PR. WENDTE'S TACTICS.
Now, if Dr. Wendte were fair and anxious to
do justice to Catholics, he would have first
consulted our theologians who deal with these
points before accusing us of a narrowness un
worthy of our citizenship. He snrelv cannot
be ignorant that we profess to be loyal to the
constitution and to American ideas. He surely
is not unaware that we declare that we are op
posed heart and soul to persecution. If he
knows anything about us he knows that we
t.rirte . ourselves on being the pioneers of re
ligious freedom on this continent. Therefore
1 say that if Dr. Wendte simply sought the
truth about us he would not have condemned
os on such slender testimony. We have a
right to claim belief for our words until our
words are proved to be worthless.
> We have a right to that credence which one
man unhesitatingly gives to another until the
lie is made evident. But Dr. Wendte refuses
to believe our words. He goes to an encycli
cal, a Catholic commentary on which ho has
never read. He goes to Bellarmine, a volume
of whose writings he has never seen. He goes
to the thirteenth century and to a paragraph
out of Thomas Aquinas In order to show that
cither we do not know the doctrines of our
church or that we are lying about them. Now
I indignantly deny that we are ignorant of
Catholic belief. I assert that I. know my re
ligion as well as Dr. Wendte knows his, and I
assert, moreover, that there is not a dogma of
that religion which inculcates the doctrine of
persecution for conscience sake.
Let me ask the fair-minded Americans who
have been following this controversy who is
the more likely to know what is the Catholic
teaching— Dr. Wendte or I? In many cases I
have shown that he is entirely unacquainted
with Catholic writers, and that he relies alto
gether on the publications of men whose hos
tility to the church was undisguised. Cer
tainly if I wish tor information about the
character of ray neighbor I do not go. to his
enemy. Dr. Wendte, however, confines him
self entirely to our enemies, and from them he
has learned all he knows about us. Hence I
claim that bis views must necessarily be dis
torted and tbat his descriptions of our tenets
must always err from the truth.
THE TESTIMONY OF HISTORY.
Indeed. Mr. Editor, if Dr. Wendte had re
membered thehistories he read at school he
might well have hesitated before charging us"
with intolerance. He might have remembered
that the first asylum for religious liberty on this
continent was founded by Catholics. He might
have backward cast his eye and have seen the
Quaker harried in New England and the Puri
tan hunted In Virginia turning their gaze to
that home of peace which Baltimore had built
on the bauks of the Potomac. In that colony
Catholics were supreme. The lord proprietor
had been given- an absolute grant ci the
province' to manage it as his private estate. He
possessed all legislative and executive powers,
was free from taxation and was bound by no
stipulation or understanding to enforce tolera
tion. Yet this Catholic and the; Jesuits who
were with him not only did not persecute Prot
estants, but offered a home to men of all creeds
who would consent to live in harmony and
agree to differ.
Men who are unacquainted with the tenor of
Lord Baltimore's grant insinuate that policy
alone urged him to concede toleration. If he
had confined his good will to Catholics and
Episcopalians this theory might not hick veri
similitude. But what prevented Baltimore
from persecuting the Puritans or the Quakers?
The English Government showed them no
mercy, why should he? Indeed the more we
study the circumstances of the times tha more
we are convinced that it was solely to his own
liberality and to the liberality of the Catholics
who accompanied him that we owe the glori
ous example which Catholic Mary be
queathed to posterity.
This is still more certain when we remember
that Baltimore, of his own volition, insisted on
the voluntary system in supporting churches.
He might easily have endowed the church
with large tracts of land or taxed the people
for its support. These methods were familirr
to the other colonies; but Baltimore would
have none of them. When asking for priests
to accompany his expedition he frankly in
formed the general of the Jesuits that he
would offer no subvention. The Jesuits ac
cepted these terms, and can claim that tney
inaugurated on this continent the American
system ot voluntary support of the church.
PROTESTANT TESTIMONY.
Says Lecky- in his "Rationalism in Europe,"
vol. ii: "Hopital and Lord Baltimore, the
Catholic founder of Maryland, were the two
first legislators who uniformly upheld religious
liberty when in power; and Maryland con
tinued the solitary refuge for the oppressed of
every Christian sect till the Puritans succeeded
in subverting the Catholic rule, when they
basely enacted the whole penal code against
those who had so nobly and so generously
received them."
Does Dr. Wendte forget the glorious testi
mony borne by the American historian, George
Bancroft, to Lord Baltimore and his little
colony of Maryland? Has he ever read that
"Calvert deserves to be ranked among the most
wise and benevolent lawgivers of all ages ; that
he was the first to place the establishment of
popular institutions with the enjoyment of
liberty of conscience; that tiie asylum of the
Papists was the spot where, in a remote corner
of the world, on the banks of rivers which, as
yet, had hardly been explored, the mild for
bearance of a proprietary adopted religious
freedom as the basis of the state; that there
the early star of religious liberty appeared as
the harbinger of day; that there the Roman
Catholics, who were persecuted by the laws of
England, were sure to find a peaceful asylum
in the quiet harbors of the Chesaspeake; and
that there, too, Protestants were sheltered
from Protestant intolerance."
TOLERATION IN IRELAND.
If Dr. Wendte knew the history of Ireland
he might have been more careful in imputing
intolerance to the Catholic church in America,
which traces its main stream back to the
Catholic church in Ireland. Whatever may be
said about the Catholics of England or France
or Spain, the Catholics of Irish descent can :
hold up their hands to heaven and call the
world to . witness that they are free from
blood. During 200 years the Catholics were
three times in the ascendency. Each period
01 power had been preceded by a period of
relentless persecution on the part of Protes
tants. Did they retaliate? Let Protestants
answer Dr. Wendte. .
Leland, a Protestant historian, writes of the
reign of Mary when in London the victims of
Cranmer had turned upon him and were met- ;
ing unto him the same measure he had
measured unto them, "Such was the spirit of
toleration that many English families, friends
to the reformation, took refuge in Ireland and
there enjoyed their opinions without molesta- j
tion."
It is a matter of history that the Catholic ,
merchants of Dublin rented and furnished :
seventy-four houses to shelter the fugitives
from Bristol alone and not only housed them,
but provided for ail their wants. Alter Mary's
death these fugitives were returned to Eng
land at the expense of their Catholic hosts.
Lecky, who i* a Protestant, says In his "Eng
land in the Eighteenth Century": "Among
the Catholics, at least, religious intolerance
has never been a prevailng vice. In spite of ]
the fearful calamities of the Reformat it is a
memorable fact that not a single Protestant
suffered for his religion in Ireland during all
the period of the Marian persecutions in Eng
land."
Cooke Taylor, another Protestant historian,
says in the "History of the Civil War in Ire
land":
"It is but justice to this maligned body (the
Irish Catholics) to add that on the three occa
sions of their obtaining the upperhand they
never injured a single person in life or limb
for professing a religion aifferent from their
own." ?_:"•-%-
If Dr. Wendte had kept track of contempo
rary history in Ireland as closely as he has
kept track of contemporary history in Ger
many he might have heard of the testimony of
Earl Spencer, who a few years ago was Lord
Lieutenant.
I have had some experience in Ireland. I
have been there for over eight years, and I
don't know of any specific instance where
there has been religious intolerance on the
part of the Roman Catholic against the Protes
tant fellow-countrymen. But religious intol
erance has been shown, and where? It has
been shown in Ulster, where more than half
the population belong to the Protestant faith.
I believe the Protestants have Deen the chief
cause of keeping up the animosity.
CATHOLIC TOLERANCE.
If Dr. Wendte had considered the history of
toleration better he might not have been so
quick to accuse us of illiberality. He might
have read that in 1549 Sigismund II proclaimed
in Catholic Poland that the sword should not
settle religious differences and thr.t the toler
ance then decreed wes confirmed by the pacta
conventa of 1572. He might have noted tin;t
there is nota Catholic country in Europe which
had not granted religious toleration years be
fore the tirst Protestant country practiced it.
And thinking of all these things he might
have been suspicious of the authorities which
led him to believe that persecution is part of
our creed, and he might have been more
charitable in interpreting the detached para
graphs which are brought to make us intoler
ant in spite of ourselves.
;/. -7 y THOMAS AQUINAS
Now, Mr. Editor, let me explain as briefly as
possible the doctrinal attitude of the church j
toward religious liberty. In the first place I
will remark that Catholics believe that Christ
iounded a society to teach the truth which he
revealed. This truth Is something definite,
and no Catholic is at liberty to accept part of
it and reject the rest. Those who do so are
called heretics, from a Greek word meaning to
pick and choose.
Of course when a Catholic begins to exercise
this process on the dogmas of the faith he ren
ders himself liable to excommunication. He
is a member of a society with certain rules and
regulations, and as long as he does not wish to
observe these rules and regulations the so
ciety has a right to expel him. This right is
used by every Protestant church in the United
Slates, and cannot -be denied to the Catholic
church alone.
Hence we see that the proper punishment
prescribed for heresy by Catholic teaching is
expulsion or excommunication.
Now in the middle ages the civil law took
cognizance of the eases of those who had been
expelled trom the church for heresy. Ido not
defend this provision of the civil law. I have
never yet seen a Catholic author who did. It
was introduced first by the Roman Emperors
and was carried out in spite of the protests of
the church. At the end oi the fourth century
the Spaniard Prescellean, who had been ex
communicated for teaching heretical doctrine
and practicing acts of licentiousness, appealed
to »be Emperor. He met with the unexpected
answer of a sentence of death. Against this
sentence St. Ambrose of Milan and St. Martin
of Tours lifted up their voices and to them be
longs the glory of having ended the persecu
tion.
For centuries we hear no more of such pun
ishments. The church was at peace, occupied
in the splendid work of christianizing and
civilizing the wild Teutonic tribes, of mitigat
ing the savagery of invading hordes, of provid
ing teaching for the young and practicing in
solitary wastes the hardlaoofsof pioneers of
industry. The first modern law decreeing
death as a penalty for heresy was promulgated
by the Emperor Frederick 11, who, strange to
say, is a particular friend of Mr. John S. Hit
tell, and is pined by Dr. Wendte because he
was opposed by the wicked Popes. In 1220
this monarch declared that he would use the
sword received by him from God against the
enemies of the faith, and he ordered that all
heretics in Lombardy should be burned or de
prived of their tongues. In 1231, publishing
his constitution for the kingdom of Sicily, the
same Frederick placed . heresy "among other
public crimes, and ranked it as more grievous
than high treason."
Those who imagine that these laws were
inspired by the church will do well to remem
ber that this Frederick II through all his reign
was in a chronic state of excommunication.
Perhaps there was no emperor during the
: middle ages less amenable to Papal authority
than this same Frederick. ' *' '.• - -■ . •
Now, let us bear in mind that it was after
this law that St. Thomas wrote. He was him
self a subject of Sicily,' and naturally the
question arose what was to be done with
heretics. -■:■ » •
.The church alone had the power to excom
municate them, and many thought that the
church should not use this power now that
tnt law seized on them at once and put them,
to death. II Dr. Wendte had not confined him
self to the two paragraphs he paraded belore
the public, but had read the introduction to
these paragraphs in the light of history, he
would have understood what St. Thomas
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.
I taught. That teaching was his private opin
[ ion and is in no sense a dogma of the' church.
! It comes to this that although the civil • power
will put heretics to death on excommunica
tion the church must not refrain from excom
municating them for that reason. He
does not say . that the 'Church com
mands heretics to be put to death; he
does not say that the church should
put them to death, but he believes that their
extirpation by the civil power should not be a
reason why the church should refrain from
excommunicating them. PApy
Another point which Dr. Wendte does not
touch upon but which history might teach
him is that heresy during tbe middle ages was
always associated with rebellion or licentious
ness. Ido not think that he would care to be
identified with some of the peculiar fanatics
who flourished in those days. Let us now turn
back a few pages and see what St. Thomas
thinks of those whose heresy was not a
new revolt against the constituted authori
ties, but an inheritance from their parents.
In the tenth question Aquinas discusses the
cases of Jews and infidels who were then in a
small miuoritv in Christendom. lie lays
down the teaching that the children of Jews
and of other non-Christians should not be
baptized against the will of their parents be
cause such action is opposed to natural jus
tice.
lie teaches that Jews and other non-Chris
tians should not be forced to embrace the
faith, and he asserts without any ambiguity
that these sectaries should have full liberty to
worship Hud as their fathers before them.
Surely this teaching does not look like the al
leged quotation from Bellarmine, "When
heretics are strong they are to be commended
to God, when weak to the executioner."
Surely, it is not fair to draw from this the
conclusion that St. Thomas was a bloodthirsty
inquisitor, going around seeking whom he
might devour. He lived in an age when social
conditions and civil laws were far different
from what they are now. He spoke for those
times not for ours, and let us remember that
in this matter the church always stood for
mercy. The states which were most under her
influence were precisely the states where per
secution was the least felt. . «-\ - . :--: •■
, THE PRESENT DOCTRINE. .'..;..:
But Dr. Wendte produces Gregory XVI and
Tins IX to prove that religious liberty is
forbidden by the church. Now let me say
right here that Dr. Wendte has not taken the
trouble to find out what these Popes meant by
religious liberty. He might have become a
little suspicious when he saw this liberty
characterized as "so called." There is liberty
and liberty. There is a religious liberty con
demned by the United States and precisely the
same religious liDerty is condemned by the
Pope. Every constitution which grants free
dom of worship limits that freedom. There
are certain acts which are always excepted
from the protection of the law. Doctrines
which eventuate in licentiousness or which
injure the peace and dignity of the state are
not tolerated. Within the past few years all
the preachers in America sanctioned religious
persecution in the case of the Mormons be
cause of polygamy. v.'i-"" 1
.When, therefore, the Tope condemns the so
called liberty of conscience he condemns it in
the seuse that every man has a right to set
forth the plea of conscience in defense of all
his acts. No Slate in the wide world would
accept such a plea. Are we to blame the Pope
for plainly saying so?
"■ROTESTANT PERSECUTION.
In conclusion let me remind Dr. Wendte that
neither, he nor any Protestant should speak
too loudly of religious liberty. Says Hallam,
the eminent historian:
Persecution is the deadly original sin of the
Reformed churches, which cools every honest
man's zeal for theircause in proportion as his read
ing becomes more extensive.— (t'onstlt. Hist., vol.
i, chap, ;i.) ;■-.",/ /■:;.■/.
Hallam's ideas are indorsed by Lecky, who,
after speaking of the persecution of heretics
by Catholics, writes: ;•""..{•
But what shall we say of a church that was but a
thing of yesterday, a church that bad as yet no
service to show. 110 claims upon the gratitude of
mankind, a church that was by profession the
creature of private judgment, and was
In reality generated by the intrigues of a
corrupt court, which, nevertheless, suppressed
by force worship that multitudes; deemed neces
sary to their salvation, and by all her organs and
with all her energies persecuted those who clung
to the reiigion of their fathers? What shall
we say of a religion which comprised at
most but a fourth part of the Christian
world and which the first explosion .of pri
vate Judgment had shivered into countless sects,
which was, nevertheless, so pervaded by the spirit
of dogmatism that each of these sects asserted its
distinctive doctrines with the same confidence and
persecuted with the same unhesitating virulence
[defending herself against innovation and aggres
sion, Mr. Leckyj, as the church which was vener
able with the homage of more than twelve cen
turies?
What shall we say of men who, in the name of
religious liberty deluged their land with blood,
. trampled upon the very first principles of patriot
: ism, calling in strangers to their assistance [just
m the self-styled "international order" of the A.
P. A. are calling in British Orangemen to help
them "protect" American institutions], and openly
rejoicing In the disasters of their country, and who,
,when they at las: obtained their object. Imme
, diately established a religious tyranny as absolute
us that which they had subverted? ** • *
Nothing can b- more erroneous than to represent
I fProtes.antJ persecution of Catholics} as mere lv
a weapon which was employed in a moment of
; conflict, or as an outburst of natural Indigna
| tion, or as the unreasoning observance of
an old tradition.- Persecution among the
early Protestants was a distinct and definite doc
trine, digested Into elaborate treatises and enforced
against the most inoffensive as against the most
formidable sects, It was the doctnneof the palmiest
days of Protestantism. It was taught by those
who are justly esteemed the greatest of its leaders''
(Lecky; nationalism In >' urope, vol. ii. pp. 57-61).
And now to close. Let me call Dr. Wendte's
attention to the fact that the persecution of
Catholics by Protestants lasted longer and was
far mora- bloody than the persecution of
Protestants by Catholics. Dr. Wendte's school
, makes much of Bloody Mary, forgetting that
she persecuted only for four years, while
I Elisabeth persecuted for forty. They speak
! much of the revocation of the edict of "Nantes;
; they say nothing of the broken treaty oi Lim
, erica.
They denounce the Inquisition, but they
; never let it be known that the Court of Hign
j Commission Is responsible for far more death
sentences. They have one set of weights and
j measures for Catholics, another for them
! selves. In this letter I do not ask for any
I favors, but simply that we be Judged
i by the same rule as others. When it comes
\ down to facts in the past we have nothing to
fear from a comparison, and if we are ques
tioned as to to-day let our deeds speak for us.
Yours, truly, P. C. Yoeke.
REV. E. B. PAYNE'S VIEWS.
He Avoids All Semblance of Either
Prejudice or Pas
sion.
In the course of the sermon preached by
Rev. Edward B. Payne of the Berkeley
Unitarian church on the Yorke-Ross con
troversy he said:
Tbe controversy to which I direct attention
has been in progress for nearly two months.
It is far from my purpose to enter into the
contention itself. I shall content myself with
an attempt to draw therefrom certain general
lessons. *
The first of theso lessons emphasizes the
utter uselessness of such disputations as re
gards the conversion of the disputants them
selves. The probability is that there has not
been in this case and will not be a single con
vert from the ranks of one party to the ranks
of the other party.: Neither will there be any
radical modification of the mental attitudes
previously assumed. -
In the present case we may remind ourselves
that the early disputants were so sure of their
assumed positions that they were willing to
risk money upon them, reminding one of
Byron's lines: ' •*. ,
For most men (till by losing rendered sager),
Will back their own opinions by a wager.
Those who followed risk, perhaps, only their
reputations as thinkers on the correctness of
their positions, but they entered the forum
with declared tenets and a manifest determin
ation to aefend them to the utmost. In the
end neither side will acknowledge itself de
feated, and probably both sides will enjoy the
consciousness of victory.
It may he added, however, that in the light
of these probable results there is a certain use
fulness of controversy. It has an appreciable
party value. It strengthens the contestants.
It does not convert them, it does not modify
radically their attitudes, but it confirms each
side in its own position. It points our their
unsuspected ' weaknesses for correction and
teaches them expertness and agility in attack
and defense. Undoubtedly the present con
testant all regard themselves as now the
most redoubtable warriors, better prepared for
future Onslaughts In the endless war of ideas.
The second lesson: concerns the entire lack
ot mutual confidence between the parties to
this dispute. There is evidently a determined
and uncompromising distrust between Catho
lic and Protestant. It is a distrust which
easily passes into contempt. An interesting
feature of the present case is the fact that
most of the controversialists have, come .into
the arena with protestations of regard for their
antagonists, but alter a few thrusts given and
received this is forgotten and there appears a
tendency to epithet, insinuation and sugges
tion, or direct accusation of evasion, subter
fuge, intellectual : dishonesty, or even,
perhaps, of misrepresentation and falsification.
The newspaper columns have had little daubs
of mud all over them. The arguments have
been liberally ■-■■ sandwiched with invective.
There has been very spiteful talk. It would
seem that these men do not preserve the con
sciousness of brotherhood in the great uni
versal church, but rather feel themselves to be
deadly foes meeting on the battlements. .All
this Is due, dbuDtless, to the Influence of some
centuries of eclesiastical and religious story.
For many, generations *" that story has been
marked by uncompromising prejudice and
bitter enmity between the two great church
Eirties. The Catholic reconnoitering from his
illtop, the Protestant surveying the field from i
' jmaaxam.'.
| his eminence, has each seen in the opposing |
camp; only an army gathered by Satan and
] emanating from the'gates of hell to prevail if
possible against the true church of Christ.
! They could not see in each other any sincerity,
any loyalty to the truth, but only the signs of
a diabolical determination to destroy the holy
institution established by the sacrifice' and
martyrdom of the Nazarene.
They have not listened to the "Pence on
earth, good will to men," but to the spirit of
rage and the promptings of passion. So since
the days of Luther it has been war— to the
death or to victory.
There is nothing more fierce than ecclesiasti
cal hatred and religious passion, and the ex
istence of these between great churches makes
distrust and contempt easy and natural when
individuals of the opposing hosts meet in the
ways. To be- sure, these recent antagonists
have been ready to admit that in the ranks of
their opponents there are many individual
instances of integrity, benevolence and saint
liness, but they regard these as being in spite
of the general tendency and dominant spirit
of each church, and the"v are readily disposed
to seize on the first opportunity to trace dis
honesty, and falsity in the methods of a par
ticular opponent. Hence the epithet, the
insinuation, the accusation and all the mud.
Trickery and villainy are what they expect,
and they readily suppose themselves to have
discovered the evidence of it.
This opens the way for a third instructive
■ lesson, viz.: That the reader, invited to occupy
now this standpoint and now that is impressed
by the alleged hopeless unreliability of the
authorities cited in the argument, or at least
of the manner in whicn these citations are
handled by the disputants. I believe not a
single writer in the list has escaped charges of
unfairness and misrepresentation. The mass
of evidence presented on either side is over
whelming and the reader is ready to be con
vinced by the last letter he peruses, until he
finds next day what a mighty counterstroke is
given to break the force of the authorities
brought into the arena. It is uniformly al
leged by cither side with regard to the cita
tions produced by the other side that they are
either:
1. Utterly partisan and grossly unfair.
2. That tney are conscienceless forgeries.
3. That the disputants have garbled and
manipulated them for a purpose.
4. That erroneous inferences have been
drawn from them.
5. That these errors and inaccuracies prove
the disputants to be liars, or
6. Very incompetent scholars.
So from day to day these charges are hurled
back and forth, as if these gentlemen had
adopted a desperate ecclesiastisal modification
of the game of shuttlecock and battledore.
Of one thing I have become very strongly
convinced, viz., that the Roman Catholic com
munion has had before It a very severe and
impracticable ideal, whicn it has striven vainly
to realize. It has undertaken to maintain an
absolute uniformity of teaching, of spirit, of
method and of aim through all the multiply
ing centuries and amid the shifting course of
human purpose, thought and deed. This it
has deemed to be its duty and its destiny in
view of its alleged vieefegency and repre
sentative commission as mouthpiece and
! referee for the will of the Almighty. But the
task as already defined has been prodigious
aud to my thinking impossible.
| And in my judgment the fact is— though I
, have no doubt that Father Yorke could easily
i produce a three-column article, bristling with
j authorities, to undo this humble opinion— the
fact is that the Roman Catholic church has
i succumbed to the necessity of a constant ac
i commodation and readaptation of its policy to |
; the changes wrought by history in human so- j
: ciety.
Of course it would be impossible for any !
i church, however powerful, to do exactly the '
! same thing all the time, and in every land and i
l among all sorts and conditions of men.
i I dwell on this point because it may explain !
■ how the Catholic apologist may claim, for ex- j
ample, that the Roman church here in the
i United States is not out of harmony with !
' American institutions. ■ •. Ay:
Hut now we come to ask, Is the Roman Cath- '
' olic church in politics? Our neighbors ol the j
I A. P. A. affirm that it is. And they mean, if I
understand them aright, that the church is I
planning and plotting tc secure all official
positions for its adherents and through them
, and the popular vote to control at lEst the leg
j islation of the land and the administration of
! governmental affairs— all this In the interests
: of ultimate papal supremacy. I do not know
how far known and accredited facts justify the
charge. But what 1 do know is that signs
j frequently appear in the horizon to show that i
: all the churches, Protestant as well as Cath- [
olic, are to a greater or less extent in politics.
I I mark the fact that nearly every representa
; tive assembly of the various and several de
i nominations is quite in the habit of drafting
i its manifesto, petition or plea concerning
i some important public matter and dispatch
, ing the same to executive authorities and
legislative bodies, municipal, State or Na
tional, to influence their action.
So each great church has really the same
[ identical consciousness that is attributed to
■ the Papal church and believes that the whole-
J earth, with all Its peoples and their temporal
rulers, must be dominated eventually by the i
glorious doctrine which it cherishes and the !
j principles forwhich it stands as God's chosen
; and favored witness and defender.
I believe that we need something in the na
i ture of an enlarged Monroe doctrine, which
shall proclaim to all the religious zealots tha-t
the heaven which is recognized only through
! their mystic vision shall not rule the world.
; Let us have home rule, make our own laws and
! determine our own destinies. Let all vise.
i minded men, all loyal patriots, stand as against
all ecclesiastical pretension and presumption,
Catholic or Protestant, and demand that the
j confusing distracting questions of religion be \
| held back from tangling the steps and harass
, ing the progress of men as they try to reach :
! solutions of the near practical problems of '
: life.
Another great question and a sixth great les-
I son concerns the attitude of religious bodies
toward education. There is only one clear,
. safe course for this vast interest, and that Is
the absolute and entire secularization of all
; public education.
JESSIE-STREET OUTRAGE
Three Men Suspected of Being
Involved in It Under
Peculiar Circumstances * Connecting
John McCrink With the Revolt-
ing Cruelty to a Horse.
John McCrink, Frank Figineer and
Frank Hallisy, the former an ex-convict
and the two latter vagrants with unen
viable reputations, were arrested last
evening and detained at the Southern
police station under suspicion of being
implicated in the cruel butchery of ahorse
belonging to Expressman Thomas Har
kins of 48 Jessie street' last Monday
morning.
It will be remembered that on the morn
ing on which tbe fiendish crime was com
mitted Harkins found tnat some one had
mutilated one of his animals in a fearful
manner.
The unfortunate beast's eyes had been
gouged out with a piece of iron pipe, its
flanks and hips had been cruelly cut and
bruised, while even its tough hoofs had
been broken and battered | out of shape.
Not content with their work, the wretches
bad tied a rope around the animal's body
and another around its neck, and then
suspended it a few inches above the floor.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals was informed and the society's
special officer, George Delmar, in a few
hours succeeded in obtaining enough in
formation to justify him in arresting the
three men who are now prisoners.
The information at the special's com
mand • particularly pointed to McCrink,
who yesterday was discovered in the yard
in the rear of 153 Minna street, where he
had been stopping.
He endeavored to pass ; ; through the
house to the street, presumably to make
his escape, but Officer Moriarity", who bad
been stationed so as to command a view of
the premises, headed him off. Moriarity
was then joined by Officer Vidian and Mc-
Crink was arrested, v A charge of vagrancy
was placed against him and will be allowed
to stand until the officers have obtained
more evidence.
When questioned by the officers Mc-
Crink denied having had any connection
whatever with the crime. He was asked
what he was doing in tho neighborhood of
Harkins' barn on the morning the animal
was killed. He answered that he had
called 'at Harkins' house for the purpose
of procuring a hammer, which 1 was given
him, but on being informed that a ham
mer covered with blood had been found in
the barn he said that he did not get the
hammer," as it had been missed before he
called at the house. Tbe other two pris
oners were arrested by Officers Ryan and
Tuite, at the suggestion of Special Delmar.
Embonpoint does not mean absolute
fatness; its significance extends only ito .a
moderate and agreeable fullness of figure.
RESCUED A FAIR CLIENT.
Attorney Frank Shea Is Con
sidered a Hero by His
Friends.
DR. HARDING'S BOARD BILL.
How a Physician Attempted to En
force Payment From One of
His Ledgers.
Attorney Frank Shea is considered by
his friends as a heroic champion of the
fair and Dr. W. A. Harding of 500 Sutter
street has decided never again to let rooms
or furnish board for lonely females who
j desire the hospitality of bis home. . .
In fact, Dr. Harding looks upon the
keeping of lodgers of the gentler sex as a
dismal failure, and the events which led
him to this conclusion were told in Justice
Groezinger's court yesterday.
As shown by the evidence, Miss M. A.
Deering contracted with the medico to
occupy apartments in the house to carry
on her business as a dressmaker, at a
monthly rental of $35, offering at the same
time to grace the family table at $20 per
month.
Both parties were apparently satisfied
for some time, and until the dressmaker's
trade fell off and she failed •to promptly
liquidate her indebtedness to the doctor
when it fell due on the first of the month.
The lessee of tbe rooms remonstrated
and demanded his dues, but Miss Deering
could not pay and would not move, and
her landlord was in a quandary.
Finally he hit upon an original plan.
Instead of instituting a suit for unlawful
detainer and having her put out he quietly
locked Miss Deering in her room and
announced that he would not allow her to
depart until the $55 due was forthcoming.
She was not made to go hungry, ber meals
being sent to her regularly, but no callers
were permitted to see her.
Not having the time to watch Miss
Deering himself the doctor hired a man
named Burns to do the work for him and
I the guard was stationed at the door during
! the day to prevent communication with the
; outside world. ••"■..'-" yy
This went on for several days until Miss
Deering managed to get word to Attorney
Shea, a friend, asking him to rescue her
from her captivity.
The attorney did not stand on ceremony
when he called at the house and demanded
admission. V.- ': T~:'-7"'A
Burns demurred, but was seized by the
attorney and tossed to one side, while the
lawyer dasbed upstairs and before he
could be prevented had bundled Miss
Deering out of the house.
The suit was begun against the doctor
for the return oi the "wearing apparel
which Miss Deering had left in the house
and for damages for the forcible detention.
The Sheriff got the clothing and turned it
over to the fair plaintiff, but when it came
to a question of damages she was not so
fortunate. Justice Groezinger decided
that Dr. Harding was perfectly justified
in keeping the clothes, as Miss Deering
was in arrears lor board and lodging, and
gave judgment for the defendant.
Denies That Ho Kissed Her.
Mrs. Anita Eggert says that she is not suing
Charles Shrakkart for breach of promise, and
denies that the defendant ever kissed her, em
braced ncr or took any undue liberties what
ever. According to the statement of her uncle,
Augustus Kallner, she was never alone with
him, and his opportunities for lovemaking
were extremely limited.
Another Drydock Suit.
- James J. Cousins brought suit In the United
States District Court yesterday { against the
California Drydock Company to recover dam
ages, placed at $50,000, for alleged infringe
ment of his patent for using water in balanc
ing a floating drydock.
The Garbage Contracts.
Judge Seaweil has dissolved the temporary
injunction issued at the instance of Henry M.
Gove ami designed to prevent the City from
awarding any contracts for the disposing of
garbage. Gove claims to be assignee of the
lowest bidder.
■Will Go Over the Mayor's Veto.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors decided yesterday to
recommend that the ordinance locating a new
police station on Washington street, near Polk,
be passed by the board, notwithstanding the
Mayor's veto. y: 7 y/44-z
People's Home Bank.
A meeting of tho directors of the People's
Home Savings Bank was held yesterday, and
the resignation of Director R. S. Fry accepted.
To fill the vacency in the board Eugene M.
Freeman, a well-known pilot, was chosen.
. BATTLE OP THE HOESES.
Cavalry Chargers Lined in Formal
Array Against a Free Herd. :-"--.
Just at sundown, and while we were at
supper, a drove of wild horses numbering
eighty-eight suddenly emerged from
Thatcher's Pass and deployed on the level
ground of the valley. They emerged from
the pass in single file, led by a spotted
: stallion whose mane reached almost to his
I knees, and whose tail touched the ground
! when he was at rest. Of the remainder of
| the herd about thirty were fine animals.
i Three or four were recognized as cavalry
horses which had been abandoned on the
march, and twice that number had collar
marks to prove that they had stampeded
from some immigrant train.
When clear of the pass they formed in
line and advanced upon us to within a
quarter of a mile. We had seventy-five
horses at tbe lariat-pins, ana for half an
hour we had all we could do to prevent a
stampede. Every animal seemed enraged
at the sitht of the free herd, and the cap
tain Kentucky stallion acted as if pos
sessed by a fiend. • .
• At last we drove the free herd down the
valley, but our horses continued very rest
less all night. At dawn the wild horses
again appeared a mile below us, and, on
the instant, every animal in camp stam
peded. They broke through the free herd
jin a solid wedge. Then the two herds
j turned facing each other at a distance of
I about three-quarters of a mile.
Then ,we witnessed something which
j only a cavalryman will credit. Our horses
| 101 l into double line and dressed to the
j right as perfectly as if a trooper had occu
! pied each saddle, and, while we looked,
! the lines suddenly moved " forward on a
charge; When they swept past us the
! alignment was : absolutely perfect, with
j the captain's horse on the right, and lead
ing by about twenty feet.
" The line of wild horses bent and wavered,
but did not break until struck. It was like
striking, a drumhead with a sledge-ham
mer. I believe that fully *" forty horses
went down under the shock, but all except
four were speedily on their feet again.'
From this on it was a melee, the
whole ' drove circling round, and each
horse biting and kicking and dis
playing such ferocity as to aston
ish us. The mob fought past us
down the valley and back, and right in
front of the camp the climax came.: The >
battle had been raging half an boar, when ,
the spotted stallion hobbled out of it on
three legs and bleeding from half a dozen
wounds, and that seemed to take the pluck
out of his followers. 5 Some ran up the val
ley and some down, but of the eighty-eight
only fifty-seven got away. .
\V hen the hottest . of it " was over we
dashed in and secured a horse here and
there, and in this manner we finally got
hold of the last one, which was the cap
tain's. Of the seventy-five only > five had
escaped scot free. Every one. of toe others
had "been bitten and kicked, and twelve of
them were so crippled as to be worthless.
There were seven dead and thirty-six
crippled horses on that battlefield when
hostilities ceased, and of the fifty-seven
wild horses which made their escape many
were iimping badly.— A Cavalry Officer, in
Detroit Free Press.
• OOffCEMINQ AMBEKGEIS.
An Old Whaleman Gives Some Facts
- About It.
The origin of the -valuable substance
known as ambergris, without which my
lady's perfumery would be sadly lacking
nowadays, bas been the subject of much
controversy, and many accounts have been
written concerning it that so far are wide
of the mark. A story tbat has been ex
tensively copied recently regarding the
discovery of a vast quantity of tbe stuff in
the interior of a dead whale ascribed the
accumulation iof the ambergris to the fact
that the whale was suffering from appen
dicitis, caused by swallowing a devil-fish,
whose parrot-like bill the whale had found
it impossible to digest. ■//-.- Pr:7 % /p.-.
Tins story has inspired an old whaleman
to write the following to the New York
Recorder regarding his knowledge of the
subject: Ambergris is a secretion found
only in a diseased sperm whale. It will
only float on the surface of the water for a
very short time, when it will go into solu
tion and sink. It is only secured when
the whale is being cleared* of its blubber,
or the fatty coating from which we pro
cure the oil. When this fatty coating is
removed the ambergris will roll out upon
the surface of the water or from the whale
when stranded and dead upon some
shore. -V; '•'•" ■"* ■>" 4 : / P.
j In appearance it is a dark gray, sticky
substance, and very vile smelling in its
crude state, but when j dry it is almost
colorless. It is very rarely found, and is
used in the manufacturing of the best
perfumes and perfumed soaps. Not as a
perfume in itself, for, as stated above, it
is almost odorless, but it has the power of
retaining and increasing the odor of the
essential oils that are used in the manu
facturing of perfumes, and the skill of man
■ as never, discovered a substitute for it.
It is also used by the idol worshipers of
China, India and Africa as incense to their
gods, chiefly on account of its great value.
There are several grades of this ingredi
ent. The light gray is the most valuable,
bringing at the present time $40 per ounce,
and others of darker grades from $5 to $15
per ounce.
The cause of ambergris accumulating in
a whale is constipation, or indigestion.of
the squid upon which the sperm whale
lives. The squid, as we whalemen call
them, are more commonly known as the
devil-fish. . They are armed with a sharp
pointed beak like that of a parrot, which
no doubt irritates the intestines and
causes a disease like constipation, The
whale dies in great agony. Of course we
cannot tell the exact cause, a3 during the
250 years that America has been engaged
in the whale fishery, no surgical operation
has been performed on a whale.
RELIGIOUS THOUGHT AND PROGRESS
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Throughout the Land.
Fallowing is a summary of the principal
set mons recently delivered in the United
States and Canada by the leading clergy
men, priests, prelates, religious teachers
and professors of tbe Christian faith. In
every instance the full text has been care
fully read and abbreviated :
ATONEMENT.
The essence of the atonement is a fathomless
plan worthy of a loving God, whereby he is
able to forgive his penitent creatures and do
no injustice.— F. W. Luce, Methodist/
Davenport, la. . ' ; :. '
FUTURE PUNISHMENT.
It matters not whether there is an extraneous
torment in the future life or not. The suffer
ing of the unrepentant soul for sin will be in
finite and terrible.— Rev. E. H. Dornrlasher,
Lutheran, Springfield, Ohio.
PERSECUTED CATHOLICS.
The history of the Catholic church from the
beginning of the Christian era down to the
present time shows that she has been perse
cuted the same as the Savior was.— Rev. E. J.
Melley, Catholic, ScrantoD, Pa.
SELFISHNESS.
Selfishness is the worm that eats the divine
life out of the heart of man. Selfishness is the
giant that battles with Christ for the souls of
men.— Rev. C. S. Sargent, Congregationalism
St. Louis, Mo.
HEAVEN.
The Scriptures teach us that heaven is a con
dition rather- than a locality. Heaven is
brought to us before we go to heaven. Apart
from this there can be no heaven.— Rev. R. A.
Sawyer, Springfield, Mass.
'- 1 -.• LABOR STRIKES.
Ido not believe in strikes. It is not the way
to settle difficulties between employer and em
ploye. A strike does harm to both parties, and
then it gives a chance to lawless people to do
evil.— Rev. J. W. Sullivan, Baptist, Philadel
phia, Pa.
HAPPINESS.
The true secret of happiness is giving what
costs us something — what we sacrifice some
thing for. It makes no difference as to the
value of the gift-— lt is giving with love in the
heart which makes the true recompense.— Rev.
Joseph Reunie, Presbyterian, Covington, Ky.
. THE FIRST MAN.
The first man of whom science has any
knowledge was a dull-witted, earthy-minded
creature, intent upon something to eat or kill,
blind to beauty in flowers or sublimity In
landscape, with small power of sentiment or
faith.— Rev. George A. Thayer, Unitarian, Cin
cinnati, Ohio.
INTELLIGENCE.
The glory of God is Intelligence, but not the
kind of intelligence that comes merely of
scholastic training. A man may bo worldly
wise and yet a fool for saying there is no God.
Intelligence is priesthood and not anything of
the earth earthy.— Teasdale, Mormon,
Salt Lake City, Utah. .
CAPITAL AND LABOR. .
With passion on the one side and capital on
the other, with a Nation in danger of being cut
in twain by these battles between the upper
and lower classes, the only way to settle these
quarrels is by the intervention of law and jus
tice.—Rev. Lyman Abbott, Brooklyn, If. Y.
THEOLOGIANS.
. You have not made a man a lawyer when
you have furnished him with license and code.
You cannot make a physician out of a box of
pills and a case of instruments. Neither can
you make ministers of Christ with ecclesiasti
cal * ritual " and vestments.— Mr. Vance
Nashville, Term. .
. . POWER OF THE CHURCH.
The saloons exist to-day by permission of the
Christian church, and every other evil lives
because Christian people tolerate it. The
church of to-day, would she but use her power,
would mold public sentiment, would outline
State and National legislation and control the
business in the marts of trade.— Rev. J. F.
Hartman, Lutheran, Altoona, Pa. p7- yyA
IS SIN ATTRACTIVE.
It is a mistake to sny that sin is repulsive
and unattractive. The truth is there are thou
sands of naughty things that the unregenerate
thinks are nice. Sin. is often attractive and
enticing, else fewer people would . be sinners.
Too often men are in sinful ways because they
like the ways of sin.—R ev. C. B. Mitchell
Kansas City. w'AfP/'y v " c ">
NAPOLEON AND LINCOLN. •
> For some purpose or other the magazines
have given us a great deal of Napoleon. They
have now started us on Abraham Lincoln
That is more cheerful. They would not do
that unless the people were found- to be more
with mercy and justice than with force— heavy
artillery.— Rev. W. Reed, Independent, Denver
Colo. . .- -• i
UNITY.
The peoples of the earth are coming closer
and closer together. The standards of citizen
ship and character are universally rising. Wo
are coming to a common tongue, or else to a
common understanding of all tongues The
elements of religion are coming to be recog
nized as universal, and the old - religious
hatreds are dying out.-Rev. S. B. Stewart, Uni
tarian, Lynn, Mass. _*
CIRCUMSPECTION.
'• To walk circumspect is to walk with head ud
and eyes open, v Legs and head and eyes an
heart all at work examining the : past, search o
ing the present and scanning the future No '
looking back only, but looking up and l dow*
aud . back and forward-looking all around-
That is what circumspection isf-Rev 5-
Rogers, Baptist, Springfield, 111. : . " : y.,
MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT. '
The chief end of the existence of a city cor-
Doration is to afford protection to person and
to property. In other. words,' the chief end of a
city is to maintain . righteousness and to put
down wickedness. Some people think the city
belongs to councils and the countryman thinks
it belongs to the policeman with his brass but
tons.-Rev. P. H- Mowry, Presbyterian, Ches
ter, Pa. GKOVER CLEVELAND.
He has been dragged from Ms place i as &
statesman down to the level of the political
leeches that surround him. By one breath of
his mouth be threw millions of the people's
money in the maelstrom of financial ruin; in
another breath he piteonsly invokes his Con
gress to avert the crash he has called down
upon our heads.-Rev. H.E. Cotton, Hagers
town, Md.
THE PRESS.
The press of to-day is exercising a tremen.
dous power. It arraigns political panics,
straightens out corporations, unearths crime
and discusse-- strategic points in statesman
ship. It even collars irate theological dis
putants; It opens a larger mission for the
church by disseminating Sunday thoughts
through the week. It, is lifting up # the wfiole
nation. It is itself a liberal education -Rev.
IV. 11. G. Temple, Congregationalism Seattle,
Wash.
i/i\A- ■• CANT. • '
The talk that comes from mouths of people
who look wise but are not is nothing. A man
may be a communicant, may be regular in
prayer, and be a very bad man. I hate this
cant that passes itself in the name of piety;
the disposition to do things on Sunday and
never think of them again until the next bun
day.—Rev. John Leal, Episcopalian, Rochester,
N.Y.
LUCK AND PLUCK.
There is no such thing as luck. Luck is
pluck. Luck is a* foolish doctrine of fate ; it is
the silliness of superstition ; it is the cynicism
of fools, incompetents and failures. You never
hear a real sensible man talking about luck;
he knows the philosophy of success too well;
he knows the meaning of patience and pains
taking care, of energy and economy.— Rev. J.
G. Rust, Baptist, Nashville, Conn.
EDUCATION.
No country is saved by a multitude of books
or schoolhouses. A man is in danger of being
roasted alive who at this time of day will care
to utter a heresy, but It needs to be uttered.
Knowledge is power, indeed; and so is dyna
mite, but you need to be careful as to the hands
to wnich you intrust it. And education needs
to be sanctified by religion to make it safe.—
Rev*. P. S. Henson, Baptist, Chicago, 111.
TURKEY.
If ever there was a putrefying carcass in the
shape of a nation, it is the so-called Turkish
Government, over which I hope, at this mo
ment, hover the eagles of God's avenging
judgments: not that I mean to be merciless* to
the individual man, black-hearted and brutal
as he may be, but the instinct of humanity
does seem to call for the wiping out of the
very name of Turkey from the register of na
tions.—Rev. N. C. Fetter, Baptist, Doyles
town, Pa.
SOCIAL PURITY.
In all the past society has demanded purity
on the part of woman". A woman's crown is
her purity. If she loses this crown ft is almost
an impossibility to reinstate her in society.
But society has been so constituted that a man
could be vicious in conduct and depraved in
life, ana yet find an entrance to good society.
It is high time that society should demand the
same purity of a man as is demanded of a
woman.— Rev. F. A. Scofield, Methodist, New
Haven, Conn. •=->.-
IMPERFECTION.
No person's faith or love or reverence is per
fect. The trembling fears and hopes and anx
ieties of life have not trembled to their final
poise and rest. No man's work is done. A
sense of imperfection still lingers in all noble,
earnest souls. There Is imperfection in our
judgments, a want of charity; there is a lack
of self-control, a want of patience, a lack of
steadiness of purpose which destroys our iden
tity; a want of deliberation. We act first and
tnen think. We do things too rapidly.— Rev.
E. L. Rexford, Universalist, Columbus, Ohio.
■ 77; BUDDHISM.
Buddhism had no personal god. Buddha
himself, as tho representation of perfect in
telligence, came to be worshiped by Buddhists.
If Buddhism recognized God at all it was an
impersonal god. No religion can continue for
very long without a personal god. Buddhism
has almost entirely disappeared, being swal
lowed up by the older BrahminismJind other
forms of Hindooism. Buddhism recognized
human misery, but not human sin. Buddhism
made no attempt at the redemption of society.
In all these respects Christianity supplies what
Buddhism lacked. No system of morality ever
can be greatly effective which does not rest
upon divine sanction.— Rev. H. P. Sprecher,
Presbyterian, Cleveland, Ohio.
' FAITH AND DOUBT.
. Faith is the natural attitude toward truth
and our fellow-men. Doubt is begotten of ex
perience. Trusting God is not stranger than
trusting our dearest friend. Faith is the
root. It is not believing a set of propositions
about God that makes the Christian, but it is
believing in God himself. Faith in God is
trusting bim, just as you would trust a surgeon
with your life, only in a higher degree. When
one believes in the things in the Bible, when
one trusts his life and eternity in God's hands,
then is faith true. The object of faith is not a
doctrine or creed, but believing.— Rev. Dr. Mo
clintock, Presbyterian, Burlingame, lowa.
THE PREACHER INCAPACITATED.
The preacher is incapacitated for the practi
cal work of the world by reason of the mental
attitude which his position requires. He has
accepted as his supreme guide an authority
which, however reliable It may be, is not the
commonly accepted one among men. His
mental processes are peculiar. His message
has been given to him to declare without any
discretionary powers. By the exacting con
ditions of his vocation he is ai leu a ted from the
life of the world. He represents the other
world. He is esteemed for his goodness and
pitied for his lack of common, every-day sense.
He could not be a Constable here, but he may
be a candidate for Mayor of Paradise.— Rev. J.
E. Roberts, Unitarian, Kansas City, Mo.
A ..-"■-"■ SPEECH.
The mystery of speech is very great To set a
thought afloat on a breath is greater than
launching a ship on the sea. To coin a feeling
and give it wings to fly on a word framed by
the lips is as if you mined and minted gold
and breathed into the image a spark of your
. own soul's life by a single act of will. It is the
wonder of God's creating man out of the dust
of the ground when you utter, not the cry of a
beast, but a thought thatbreathes, a word that
. burns. Speech is the mystery of life, the deeper
mystery of the life of the soul. Speech is a
creation greater than that of man himself.—
Rev. R. A. Sawyer, Springfield, Mass.
THE PACE THAT KILLS.
Fast "Work and Fast Eating Slake Three
. Score Years and Ten a Jtipo Old
Age These Hays.
From the Cincinnati Enquirer.
The American people live too fast, eat too
fast and drink too fast. This has brought upon
many of us a train of nervous and stomach
disorders that are very difficult to manage.
Investigation and chemical analysis to dis
cover such compounds as will help those suf
fering from such ills has resulted in the dis
covery of Br. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale
People, which has taken very high rank as a
specific remedy.
- H. P. Owens, a traveling man, 30 years of
age, who is well known in this community and
generally liked because he is a bright, ener
getic young fellow, resides with his mother at
335 Central avenue, Cincinnati, Ohio. He has
been the victim of dyspepsia, which took the
form of continuous constipation, and
strangely enough, his mother suffered from
the same trouble. Mr. Owens testified to the
merits of Pink Pills In a most enthusiastic
way, and said to the Enquirer reporter:
"I am glad to say anything I can for Dr
Williams' Pink Pills because they did me great
good and other people ought to know of their
virtues as a medicine in stomach troubles It
was some time ago when I felt a heavy feelin-r
in my stomach and I grew very constipated I
did not consult a doctor, but having heard of
the Pink Pills I bought a box of them. •In two
or three days the heavy feeling In my stomach
disappeared and my.bowels were regular I
did not have to use more than a box of them
before I was well. Since that time I have only
occasionally been troubled with constipation
and I never get worried because I know just
what to do. Mother was also troubled with
indigestion and the Pink Pills did the same for
her they did for me— cured her; didn't they,
mother?" . -**
When appealed to Mrs. Owens answered:
"That. is right. I found that it was a great
medicine, so easy to take and so quick and
lasting in its results." ' .*.
Mr. Owens continued: "I believe that these
pills are also good for nervousness. When I
.had my stomach trouble I was also quite
nervous, and that disappeared with the dys
pepsia. The Pink Pills are all that Is claimed
for them. ou can make any use of this testi
monial that you see lit."
H. P. Owens has occupied several positions
of trust in this city. He was (or «* time an em
ploye of the Commercial-Gazette. He will co
on the road. in a few days for a prominent
business house here. Mrs. Owens is quite as
enthusiastic as her son about the Pink Pills
and her host of lady friends can verify her
good opinion of this wonderful remedy if they
feel disposed to do so at any time. Where the
testimony is so general and unantmousas to
the excellencies of Pink Pills as the Enquire?
has found it to be there is certainly good re*
son to believe all the good I, g^s aid-about
the safe and simple remedy aooui
Ur. Williams' Pink Pills «* Pale People con
tain all the elements necessary to give new
life and richness to the blood and restore shaft
tered nerves. They may be had of a Tdr ? RK iste
or direct by mail from the Dr. Williams' *fed£
cine Company, Schenectady, N V *? 50c Mr
box, or six bottles for $2 50. * PWTHE FUNDING
BILL IS DOOMED
Mayor Sutro Jubilant at
the Prospect of the
Result.
KENTUCKY IS TO AID US.
Rising in Defense of Her Good
Name She Strikes a
Telling Blow.
HUNTINGTON IS ON THE RUN.
Must Carry His Sack to Frankfort,
but It Will Not Be So
Effective There.
Mayor Sutro was yesterday as blithe
and light-footed as a boy on the eve of a
holiday. In his Montgomery-street office
be swung in his revolving-chair, clapped
his hand upon his leg and laughed at the
cracking of small jokes.
A telegram irom Kentucky had affected
the Mayor to this humor. It told of the
movement in the Legislature of that State
looking to the amendment of the charter
of the Southern Pacific corporation of
Kentucky.
He had prepared and was about to send
away a telegram addressed to several of
the leaders of the movement and Kentucky
State officials. The telegram reads as fol
lows:
California thanks Kentucky. Encouraging
news in morning papers. The name oi your
State has been disgraced in connection with
crimes and villainies of the Southern Pacific of
Kentucky. Wipe out the blot by promptly re
pealing charter obtained by misrepresentation
and under false pretenses. "Justice demands it.
"The fight is in such hands there that
we need give ourselves no further worry j
about it," said the Mayor. "If the Ken- ,
tucky Legislature takes away tbe com- '
pany's charter it will leave tbe whole
rotten corporation hanging in the air. I
don't know just what the effect would be —
the full extent of it, I mean— l am not
lawyer enough for that, but its stock and
securities would, of course, be badly
shaken. I don't know how tbey could re
incorporate. At any rate, I consider this
the severest blow that bas been struck in
this battle. I believe the funding bill is
dead— that this kiils it. I was greatly
atarmed for a time, but I think the battle
is won. Of course, we must keep up the
fight with the increased vigor that this
advantage enables us to do, but the enemy
is on the run. I shouldn't wonder if
Huntington was already at Frankfort.
He will" have to transfer his sack from
Washington. But he will find it different
in Kentucky. The oeopie there are not to
be bought in that way. The whole State
is aroused over this matter, and not only
in the State Legislature but at Washing
ton wiil the people of Kentucky be heard.
"The Senators and Congressmen from j
Kentucky are among the most influential !
men in Washington. They can come very
near to swaying the vote of the entire i
Southern delegation oh a thing of this
kind. -wwffi
"When they realize how they have been
made the scapegoats of tbis band of out
laws they will never rest until they have
freed their State from the stain that has
been cast upon it. Why, just think of it!
Kentucky is the proudest State in the
Union. She has furnished the country
more Presidents and statesmen of Na
tional repute than any Other of the Union,
except Virginia. Her people are high
minded and full of dignity. They are
proud of the history of their State — jealous
of it. Now this is the State that the
Southern Pacific schemers entered, as one
might say, by stealth.
"They asked and secured by fraud and
false pretense the protection of its name to
cover' their plans. And under that brave
cloak they went forth to plunder and rob
the people of California, and in a great
measure that of all the West. Year by
year they have laid us tinder an ever
increasing tribute, until the whole people
here have become a race of slaves. This
in the name of the people of Kentucky!
Think of it! And year by year this proud
name of Kentucky has fallen in the es
teem of the people of the West just in
proportion as their burdens have grown
heavy and their shackles irksome by the
safe asylum it offers to the conscienceless
corporation that is responsible for them.
The word is in every man's mouth as an
expression of contempt. The Southern
Pacific of Kentucky, people say — the
Southern Pacific of Kentucky.
• "It has come to mean a place of refuge
for robbers and blackmailers; a State that
grants ready license to freebooters, from
whose "-belter they may sally forth and
levy tribute upon the surrounding prov
inces. This is a dis. race, and what a shame
it is that unwillingly this proud people
have been brought into contempt through
out all the West by an act which they did
no doubt in good faitn. They have not
been aware of this, I am sure. For no
sooner have they been apprised of it
than they have risen up as a unit to cor
rect it. lam myself almost astonished,
and certainly no less pleased than sur
prised at the effect of our message to ;
them. Already the movement to annul {
the Southern Pacific charter is before the
State Legislature, backed by the sentiment I
of the people of the entire State and being
pushed by some of her strongest men.
"Ho, we need give ourselves no more
trouble about Kentucky. She will keep
Mr. Huntington busy trying to explain
for some time. But the explanations of
pirates long engaged at their trade do not
explain. The Southern Pacific people
went into Kentucky with a capital of one
million all paid, and under that condition
readily secured their charter. That, how
ever, gave them the right to increase the
capital stock, and right speedily they took
advantage of that provision. Jor the orig
inal million it lias now been increased to
over $170,000,000.
"How have we aroused this sentiment in
Kentucky? Simply by making the people
acquainted with the facts. We have been
sending literature there in quantities.
The little pamphlet entitled 'The People
of Kentucky Disgraced, '..which the Call
has published, was sent to every newspa
per in Kentucky, besides ail its officers
and other prominent men Very many of
the newspaper! published it entire. The
effect, it seems, was electrical. It is not
safe to tell a citizen of Kentucky be is dis
graced. They will not suffer disgrace.
hey are going to redeem the proud name
from disgrace.
"I repeat, this is the hardest blow that
has been struck the funding bill. It will
have greater effect at Washington tban all
tie rest that we have done. The members
> <'ra Kentucky will certainly worK to de
itat the bill, and will carry with them
juany of L th *? other Southern members. I
believe the bill is doomed."
MONAGHAN DIVORCE.
Domestic Infelicities Aired Yesterday
Before Judge Hunt.
The divorce suit of Eliza Monaehan
against Hugh Monaghan was before Judge
Hunt yesterday for trial; hut the case was
•lot completed. The complainant charged
-hat her husband had used bad language
to her and had struck her and choked her.
He is a sergeant of police and is earning
$125 a month. Mrs. Monaghan wants a
suitable portion of this as alimony.
Mrs. Monaghan 's testimony was in pur
suance of the allegations made in the
complaint, except, however, that she ad
mitted that her husband had never. struck
her. The defendant was then called and
he told bow he bad called her a liar once,
but it was in a moment of passion and be
was sorry for having done so. He said,
furthermore, that one time when be came
into the house and complained of the
number of flies infesting the place his wife
picked up a dish of stew from the table
and threw it at him. He said, too, that
his wife _has property worth $6090 and is
not in need of alimony. The case will go
en Monday.
TARBOX TROUBLES.
The Affairs of the "family Are "Lnid
Aside by Judge Hunt in Hopes
of "Peace.
Judge Hunt played the part of a peace
maker yesterday between the various
members of the Tarbox family. Mrs. Ida
E. Tarbox, wife of Ben C. Tarbox, wanted
her husband to support her, and as he
did not do so she sued for maintenance.
The Tarboxes bave been living apart for
some time. They used to live in a flat at
909 Oak street, and at 911 Oak, the flat
above theirs, lived the father and mother
of Mrs. T ;rbox. The husband says the
parents were always interfering In his
domestic relations, and finally one day
when he had a little quarrel with his wife
they came in and fanned the flames to
such an extent that be left the home and
refused to come bacc. 'USUI
Soon after he sent a note to his wife say
ing that he bad provided a home for her
and for himself away from her parents,
and asking that she come to it, but she
refused. She said she had lost all affec
tion for him and did not want .to live with
him.
This letter was submitted in evidence.
Judge Hunt decided not to award the wife
any "allowance, as the husband was will
ing and anxious to take her back, and he
thought a reconciliation possible.
OVER BENSLEY TITLES
A Petition for Final Relief From
Adverse Litigation Is
Filed. -
Decree of the United States Dis
trict Court Alleged to Have
Been Violated.
A bill of equity, which concerns a large
number of people in the Potrero, has been
filed in the District Court of the United
States by John Lloyd, as assignee of James
Linforth, John Bensley and 1,. B. Bench
ley, against Julia Ball et al. The de
fendants are the Bensley heirs and also
William T. Baggett, J. J. Ratter, Clinton
I C. Tripp and A. Everett Ball, who are ac
| cused in the bill with having conspired to
j thwart Assignee Lloyd in the discbarge of
his duties as assignee, and for the purpose
of preventing him from selling any of the
estate, and for the purpose of clouding the
title thereto, and of compelling him to
sacrifice the property at less than its real
value, or to pay for the removal of an al
leged cloud on the title.
Several pages of the bill in equity are
devoted to a history of the celebrated
Bensley lana case, how John Bensley
owned the property involved in 1877 and
conspired with his wife, Marian L. J. M.
Bensley, and other persons to conceal his
property from his assignees in bankruptcy
and of defrauding his creditors and those
of the firm in which he was a partner; and
how Bensley conveyed the land to the fic
titious De Tarentes, that were assumed
names of his wife, but which are even now
a nightmare upon many land titles in this
City and in San Diego. Coming down to
December 7, 1893, the bill sets forth that a
decree was then rendered in the United
States District Court, which was a final
and valid decree, binding and estopping
all persons claiming under John Bensley
from either asserting or. pretending to
maintain any right, title or interest in or
to any of the property mentioned. "And
thenceforth forever," the bill continues,
"the said defendants herein claiming to be
the sole heirs at law of the said John
Bensley, deceased, were and are estopped
from asserting, maintaining, setting up or
pretending to have any estate, right, title
or interest in or to said real property or in
or to any part thereof." v ■
It is then claimed that, notwithstanding
this binding decree, the defendants con
spired and confederated together and com
menced divers actions against Assignee
Lloyd, without any order or permission of
the United States District Court so to do,
and in these actions falsely pretended to
be sole heirs of John Bensley, and conse
quently lawful owners of -the real estate in
question, and that the assignee had no
right or title to the land. The defendants
furthermore prayed that their alleged title
be quieted as against the assignee. Simi
lar actions were also brought in the Su
perior courts of San Francisco and San
Diego.
Although commenced in November,
1895, no further proceedings have been
taken in either of these actions; noser
vice of process has been made upon Mr.
Lloyd, who avers that , the complaints
were filed solely for the purpose of cloud
ing the title and preventing him from sell
ing the property, but not with the bona
fide intention of prosecuting the actions to
judgment.
Ths bill prays that a writ of injunction
be issued perpetually enjoining the de
fendants, their agents or attorneys from
prosecuting the : actions already begun,
from commencing any other action against
the assignee in reference to the Bensley
lands, and from pretending or asserting
any right, title or interest in or to the land.
A provisional injunction is also sought to
be effective at once. .
In this final proceeding Mr. Lloyd and
his attorneys, Pierson & Mitchell, believe
there can be no room for doubt that vexa
tious suits against the Bensley lands will
soon become a memory. That would mean
the absolute clearing of the title to vast
tracts in San Diego County, large tracts in
San Diego city, and nearly all the Potrero
of San Francisco; and, not only a clearing
of title, but a complete guarantee against
future blackmail suits against the owners
of these lands.
THE. ROAD PAID FAIRLY.
Satisfactory Year for the Union-Street
Railway Corporation.
The annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com
pany was held yesterday at the company's
Offices, 1111 Union street. &£&£(
While the year was not a prosperous one
for the company, still the financial state-,
ment was regarded as a favorable showing.
The company, succeeded in not only keep
ing out of debt • but in paying a dividend,
and the result was so satisfactory that the
stockholders passed a vote of thanks to the
board of directors. .
The whole board,. with George Newhall
as president, was re-elected for the ensuing
year. •■',
31 J spall Annual Meeting.
At the annual meeting of^the Mizpah. held
Monday afternoon the ; following officers' were
chosen for the new year: Mrs. Harry Clarke,
president; Mrs. \V. O. Farnsworth, vice-presi
dent; Mrs. T. J. Schuyler, recording secretary;
Mis* M, L. Elliott, corresponding. secretary;
Mrs. B. Day, treasurer.- The report of the sec
retary showed that during the last" year : com
mittees had made 74 visits to the needy, 26
families had been assisted and: 195 garments
made for different charitable institutions. The
Mizpah is a charitable club of the Western Ad
dition and is doing a vent deal of good and is
in a flourishing condition.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.
NEWS OF THE TRANSVAAL.
The Johannesburg Newspapers
Upon the Rhodes-Hammond
Faction.
A CONFLICT AT A CONCERT.
Suggestions of Difficulty Between
Capital and Labor in the Afri.
can Gold Fields.
Johannesburg papers under date of De
cember 7, 1895, have been received in this
City, and throw considerable light upon
the situation which involves John Hays
Hammond and other prominent Cali
fornians. i •/-■.'' 7/:P/~\
The Standard and Diggers' News (weekly |
edition, authorized Government Gazette j
for Witwatersrand) has a long article
termed "The Political Situation," which j
is characterized by the following head
lines: "Out at the Simmer and Jack"—
"Great Gathering of Miners"— "A Smok
ing-Concert Speech"— "R. £. Brown of ;i
[From the Standard and Diggers' News, Johannesburg, Transvaal, South Africa.]
America"— "The New Political Factor"—
"An Unrehearsed Sensation"— -"Words to
the Workingman"— '"Ware King Capital"
— "The American Attitude."
According to this report, it appears that
the excitement at this meeting was due to
one R. E. Brown, an American, who made
an incendiary speech, to which John Hays
Hammond took vigorous exception. To
quote from the report verbatim :
At the termination of the speech, which had
sprung a surprise upon all, considering the
circumstances and the sentiments of the men
sponsoring the function, Mr. John H. Ham
mond excitedly approached Mr. Brown, and a
heated altercation ensued. Mr. Hammond
reproached Mr. Brown for "going against
them," citing instances in which he alleged he
had performed acts of friendship for Brown.
'"Look here, Jack Hammond," Brown re
torted, "I've beat you in America, and I'll beat
you here. You can't play the same game ot
bluff on me as you attempt to play on other
people. I know you. I won't compromise."
The altercation continued, both gentlemen
getting intensely excited.
The circumstances leading up to this
clear-cut difference is thus reported:
On Saturday evening over 1000 miners
gathered in the new recreation building of
the Simmer & Jack Gold Mining Company.
There was to be a smoking concert. The
raisons d'etre of the function were the official
opening of the new recreation-room and the
presentation to the departing manager, Mr.
Victor R. Clement, and to Mrs. Clement, of an
illuminated address and gifts of jewelry sub
scribed by the employes, likewise to welcome
the new manager of the company, Mr. Richard
E. Parker.
The unofficial event of the evening, not on
the programme, was the debut upon the po
litical platform of R. E. Brown, lately assistant
manager of the Primrose Gold Mining Com
pany, and at present consulting engineer to
the Research Developing Syndicate. R. I*.
Brown, who came in a little late, was upon his
entrance accorded a tumultuous reception by
the assembled miners.
Colonel Rhodes of the Consolidated Gold
Fields presided on a raised dais. He was sup
ported on the platform by Messrs. V. R.
Clement, who now becomes assistant consult
ing engineer of the Consolidated Gold Fields,
John If. Hammond, consulting engineer to the
Consolidated Gold Fields, and others.
The report then gives an account of the
presentation ceremonies and continues
with the following:
"UTOPIA (LIMITED)."
API Ell THE KIMBERLEY STYLE.
After more music and harmony Mr. John 11.
Hammond rose, and, paying a further tribute
to the Simmer and Jack personnel, said he
wished to impress upon them the desirability
of a Kennilworth on the property.
The idea was suggested by the Right
Hon. Cecil John Rhodes. (Cheer? and counter
cheers and cries oi "No!"). He greatly and
earnestly recommended the Kennilworth pro
ject. Mr. Cecil John Rhodes had said that if
the Simmer and Jaclr. Company did not care to
defray the expenses he would do so trom his
private pocket. [Applause.] Ho hoped that
the men would not ho so short-sighted as to
misinterpret the policy. Mr. Rhodes had sug
gested tne formulation of a plan on the Keu
nilworth-Klmberley principle with the indorse
ment of the employes: the building of
good . streets, the- erection of a good
hospital, : the furnishing of good-body
supply and the establishment of good
schools [applause], and generally a place
wherein the South African could live. Colonel
Rhodes was heart and soul with them in this
matter.
The speech of R. E. Brown to which
Hammond' took, exception was a tirade
against the Boer Government. J Tbe
speaker has a' claim against the republic
for £1,000,000, which makes him somewhat
not in accord with the; judicial depart
ment of the country, lie said :
I candidly avow that I do not love this coun
try's Government. :' [Laughter.] If the Gov
ernment had behaved itself as ft' should have
done 1 at this moment would have been sail
ing away to the United States of America. I
am constantly :at Pretoria fighting for that
£1,000,000. Think of It,' twenty thousand
million swills of beer! [Loud laughter.]
The other evening a noted speaker enumer
ated the grievances of this population against
the powers at Pretoria. He pointed out wrongs
unredressed, the iniquity of taxation without
representation— a condition of things"opposed
to the political economical laws of all nations.
He said you were toiling here without schools
for your children,' no protection for yourselves
and that you were leeched and fleeced by the
most iniquitous and inept Government that
was ever suffered to exist. : '
I quite agree to all that, lor this Government
has not followed the true lines of Republican
ism. It has diverted from that and has consti
tuted itself at select, monarchy. , Gentlemen,
there ere a thousand men hero to-night repre
senting the bone and sinew of this country's
governing industry. -When - you make a move
we shall all make a move— Americans, Britons,
Irishmen, .Dutchmen, " Frenchmen, Germans,
Cornishmen, even Scotchmen. Wnen we make
this move we must not do so at the behest of
those who suggest it. We must be careful not
to be made the tools of the clique of capital
ists and the combination of monopolists. You
dare not hope that the overthrow of the Gov
ernment with the help of these will better
your condition. The men who possess millions
"will make more, millions by any subjugating
of the v, orkingmen of the Rand to their whims
and desires. .
The papers commenting editorially
upon this incident considered it a strong
thrust at the Rhodes faction, for which
the Johannesburg journals possess little
admiration. They ridicule Rhodes' pro
fession of friendship for the miner, and he
is accused of becoming more avaricious
since he became firmly established on the
Rand. Getting up on a Rhodesian plat
form. Brown threw a bombshell at his
former friends, who had calculated upon
his being with them. The editors call for
a man who wiil mediate between Johannes
burs and Pretoria, who will do justice to
the Rand, who will cure the Boer of his
prejudices, encourage capital to the extent
that is safe, and produce that newer repub
lic for which the circumstances call."
TO-DAY'S MASS MEETING.
Friends of the Arrested CallforVilans
Will Gather at the Chamber of
Commerce This Afternoon.
In response to the resolutions passed at
the meeting of the Gold Mining Exchange
on Thursday and forwarded to the Califor
nia delegation in Congress, the following
telegram was received yesterday:
Washington, D. C, Jan. 24, 1896.
Walter Turnbull, President Gold Mining Ex
change. Fan Francisco : The entire California
delegation has signed your communication
and prssented it to Olney, supplementing It
with our recommendation. :._
GEOnGE C. Perkins.
The meeting of the friends and sympa
thizers with the imprisoned Californians.
called by the Gold Mining Exchange, will
be held this afternoon at 2 o'clock in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce.
A3 soon as full information is obtained
steps will be taken to do all that can be
done to assist the miners arrested by Presi
dent Krueger. zip/PATe
THRASHED HIS FATHER.
A Depraved Boy of 15 Who
Terrorizes His Whole
Family.
An Effort Will Be Made to Put
Young Jueirolo in a Reform
School.
Mrs. Jueirolo of 518 a Union street has a
son 15 years old who is the terror not only
of the neighborhood but of his own little
home. He was in the habit of beating his
father, who died recently, and it is only
because his mother is an unusually big,
powerful woman that she is able to stand
off her erring offspring.
Young Jueirolo will be arrested to-day
on the charge of vagrancy, and strenuous
efforts will be made by the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children to have
him committed to tbe Reform School at
lone.
"The boy makes himself a terror," said
General McComb yesterday. "It is for
just such youths as he is that the reform
schools were built. He is only a boy in
years, but he has all the shortcomings of
a vicious man. He is big and strong
enough to bully every one in the house
except his mother. She relies on her size
to protect herself, which it seems his
father was not able to do. The boy is a
drunkard and a gambler, and he has sev
eral times been arrested for being drunk
and disorderly on the street."
The mother of this precocious youth has
a little bakery, and attends industriously
to business. One of ' her chief reasons for
desiring to see her eldest son committed
to a reform school is the terror he inspires
in the younger children, as well as the
pernicious example he sets them. He
goes and comes as he likes, drinks gam
bles and otherwise improperly deports
himself, according to his mother's state
ment, making her home the headquarters
of his orgies.
"The last Legislature," said General Mc-
Comb, "made it almost impossible to get
such a boy into the reform school. ■•■ We
can arrest him on the charge of vagrancy
and we hope tbe District Attorney will
bring the charge before the Superior Court;
we'll take our chances with the Judge if
he does that. There is room for fifty more
boys in the lone School and if any one
ought to be there he should, for without
the mature- judgment of an adult he is
committing all the excesses of a depraved
man. Besides it is dangerous to leave a
boy with such criminal tendencies at
large to bully and torment bis family." ;
• — •— • __
Bishop Goodsell'g Address.
To-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock Bishop D. :
A. GoodselL will deliver the address on the:
forty-third anniversary of the Young Men's'
Christian Association at their auditorium.
Mason and Ellis streets. The service will :be
one of special interest. There will be orches
tral music and the Knickerbocker Quartet will
sing. J. J. Valentine, president of the asso
ciation, will preside. The meeting is open
free to the public, ladies and gentlemen. -
Sebastopol.Was Not Impregnable.
For It was taken by assault, but a physique built
tip, a constitution fortified by Hosteller's Stomach
Bitters, may bid defiance to the assaults of mala
rious disease even in localities where [it \ Is most
prevalent ana malignant. . Emigrants to the ague
breeding sections of the West should bear this In
mind, and start with a supply. The • Bitters
promptly subdues dyspepsia, rheumatic t and ' kid
ney complaints, nervousness, constipation and bil
iousness; ,
WANTED— A LEGAL MARS
To Solve Knotty Questions in
National Guard Reorgan
ization.
CONFLICTING GENEEAL ORDERS.
The Matter of the Armory Changes
and Election of Field Officers Be
getting a Bitter Contest.
The issuance from brigade headquarters
of the special orders detaching Major
Dorri to preside at the election for lieuten
ant-colonel and three majors of the First
Infantry Rigiment.N. G. C, to be held
on Friday, the 31st inst., looks as if a
lawyer was required to solve some of the
knotty legal questions likely to arise in
the anticipated merry war.
On account of the delay in the issuance
of the order after it had been called for by
the officers entitled to elect, many rumors
became rife as to its cause, one of which
was that the order would not be issued
until after tbe armory question had been
settled, and another to enaole companies
having vacancies to bold elections to fill
the same.
One of the curiosities of this order reads
that the election is called "in pursuance
of orders from general headquarters," and
does not specify whether it is to fill any
original vacancy or one caused by resigna
tion or expiration of term. .
In this connection the question is
brought forward and agitating the electors
as to whether the iielu oflicers assigned to
duty with the ! battalions under general
orders 17 are still on duty, such battalions
having been organized into a regiment
under general orders 18, and as they
have not been relieved will they be en
titled to vote at this election?
In all orders issued since then. there is
no mention made as to their having been
relieved, which can only be done in the
manner prescribed by the regulations or
customs oi the service.
Paragraph 329 of the regulations pre
scribes: "All officers will continue on
duty with their commands until their suc
cessors have been appointed and qualified.
* * * All officers of the National Guard
will hold their offices and continue to per
form their duties until properly relieved";
and they therefore 'must still be on duty
from the fact that the brigade order simply
states that the election is called in "pur
suance of orders from general headquar
ters." The order reierred to is probably
the letter of Adjutant-General Barrett of
January 10, wherein the brigade com
mander is directed to immediately order
an election for lieutenant-colonel and
majors."
General orders No. 18, dated December
9, state: "Permanent assignments of the
lieutenant-colonels and majors to duty
with their respective regiments will be an
nounced in future orders," and the next
order (No. 19) reeds: . "All field officers
not assigned to duty in general orders No.
17 are hereby placed on waiting orders."
As the status of the.-c field officers is the
same as on December li), when they were
permitted to. vote at the election for
colonel, and in face of the fact that such
was called to the attention of the Gov
ernor, their right to vote was recognized
by virtue of the. issuance of the commis
sion to Colonel Macdonald. It is now
claimed that they have the same right to
note at this election, their standing being
the same as officers' would be whose terms
are expiring, voting at elections for their
successors.
In the meantime every effort is being
made by the steering or campaign com
mittee of the combine, consisting of Cap
tains Cunningham, O'Neill and Boxton, to
have the three companies of the old Third
to agree to move to the Page-street arm- I
ory, thus relieving Colonel Macdonald
from the unpleasant necessity of endeavor- I
ing to enforce his regimental orders No. 3, !
it being shrewdly calculated that the other
three companies remaining at Market
street would then be compelled to move to
the same plac-'on account ot the increased
expense, thus enabling the two companies
of the old Second to move from Page street
to the Nationals' armory on Ellis street.
It is said that one of the inducements
held out to the three companies of the old j
Third to move to Page street is that they ,
would be permitted to name the lieuten- |
ant-colonel and one of the majors, und \
that their nominees would be supported
by the combine which elected the colonel,
but this proposition has thus far been un
successful, these companies having agreed i
with Companies B, D and L to remain at
the Market-street armors* at all hazards
unless the entire regiment is concentrated
at one place, as contemplated by the regu
lations. The Market -street "companies
recognize that they are unable to elect any
of the field officers without the support of
some of the old Second officers,* but they
claim that they will make nominations
nevertheless, and will ask for no pledges
from their candidates.
In all of these consultations and efforts
at compromise the old First companies
appear to be ignored, the attack being
made upon the companies commanded by
Captains Connolly, Fitzpatrick and War
ren.
Among those announced as candidates
for field officers are Major Cook, Captains
Margo and Delaney and Lieutenant
Robinson, but these appear to have no
chance with the combine as they are un
able to bring any strength to it in the way
of inducing any of the companies to move,
that being one of the considerations re
quired by the combine for their support.
Colonel O'Connor, Lieutenant - Colonel
Smith or Major Drady the combine would
be willing to elect provided they can help
them out of the armory dilemma. It is
reported, that unless tho committee can
report a satisfactory settlement of the
matter Captain Tilden will be elected
lieutenant-colonel and Captains Cunning
ham, O'Neill and Boxton as majors, the
combine having at least nineteen votes,
while their opponents cannot muster to
exceed seventeen. If this should be done
it would give the old Second and the
Nationals twenty-three votes in the board
of officers, a majority of five. :
It is also stated that the three com
panies ordered to move have addressed the
Board of Location in conformity with
paragraph 2GB of the regulations, which
reads: "No company will be allowed to
locate its armory outside of the building
selected ; by the regimental commander
unless good cause is shown for such
action, nor without permission from the
Board of Location and Organization,"
protesting against being ordered to move
unless the entire regiment is required to
locate in one armory, setting forth cogent
reasons why they should be permitted to
remain in the Market-street armory and
asking for : favorable action upon their
petition: >/:"
This matter of the armory, coupled
with the election for field officers and the
several bargains sought to made, appears
to have degenerated into a bitter contest \
with but one tendency, which is to injure :
the Guard, and will probably cause the use '
of heroic measures at general headquarters i
to bring the several factions to time. The i
Governor and adjutant-: eneral being at
present in J tho City and having been in.
consultation with: the other members of
the Board of Location* it looks as if imme
diate action will be taken.
- Instead of there being any abatement of
the ill feeling, it was presumed
would die out after the election for colonel,
over a month ago, it sterna to be accentu
ated and increased, and; constant fuel is
added to the fire by the efforts to so shape
matters as to leave the Nationals In the
Ellis-street armory and also to obtain the
removal thereto of two additional com
panies. '-.•"•'■--" '"'-■' . //A
• The friends of the old First, recognizing
that it has been swallowed bodily by the
Second, are out in arms against the Na
tionals who deserted their comrades of the
caucus and made certain the election of
Colonel Macdonald, it . being known that
the causes which impelled them thereto
were not friendliness for -Macdonald. but
rather to secure their own interests. t»
When the Nationals rind that they can
obtain no assistance from the new colonel,
who will undoubtedly be ordered to con
centrate the different portions of the regi
ment, now located in three armories, and
that Companies C and G will have to re
move from their present armory and bo
placed upon the same footing as the other
companies of the reeiment, their boasted
superiority will fall to the ground.
This course has been strengthened by
the report of the committee appointed by
the adjutant-general to investigate the
affairs of the Nationals, which it is claimed
from the testimony submitted has re
ported that these two . companies are
merely tenants of an association that owns
the armory, and that the State allowances
used by them were for the payment of
rents, and not in payment for the prop
erty, and that consequently they stand on
the same basis as the occupants of any of
the other armories, and can claim no con
sideration as the owners of the armory oc
cupied by them. fp*7? -
INSTITUTE REQUIEM.
Ignatlan Council, Y. M. 1., Will Attend
Memorial Services in. the Paulists*
Church Washington's Birthday.
In accordance with its annual custom
Ignatian Council No. 35 of the Young
Men's Institute will have a solemn anni
versary mass of requiem celebrated on the
morning of "Washington's birthday for the
repose of the souls of all the deceased
members of the "Young Men's Institute.
The ceremonies will take place at the
church of the Paulist Fathers— old St.
Mary's, on California street and be very
impressive. An appropriate sermon will
be preached and select mimic sung.
The attendance is expected of all the
relatives and friends of the deceased mem
bers. A general invitation to be in attend
ance has been issued to all the local Cath
olic societies and to Catholic young men
of the City in particular.
CONVICT HURLEY'S PLEA.
The Notorious Jury-Briber Is
Anxious to Obtain a Pardon
From the Governor.
Doctors Fitz^ibbon and McMurdo Make
a Special Visit to San
Quentin.
The climate of San Quentin evidently
does not agree with the refined taste of J.
H. Hurley, the jury-briber, who, not satis
fied with hanging the jury that disagreed
in the first trial of "Samuel o' Posen,"
alias Curtis, for the. murder of Policeman
Grant, afterwards busied himself with
"fixing" the jury impaneled to try Dick
McDonald, and for which he is now serv
ing his sentence at the expense of the
State. Hurley, it will be remembered,
after his trial and during it before Judge
"Wallace in Department 6of the Superior
Court, feigned all manner of insane dodges
— from butting his head against the prison
walls to dissolving soap in his mouth, by
which he was enabled to get up a liberal
supply of froth, thereby giving the im
pression of a terrible malady or dangerous
madness. /yy;. ..
All this well-concocted simulation was,
however, too transparent to the keen eye
of the experienced Judge Wallace, who
took no stock in the clumsy attempts of
the jury-briber to play the insane act for
the purpose of deceiving*the public.
Not satisfied with these attempts Hur
ley is still engaged in the insane drama,
and the last act of himself and his friends
was to have two physic. ans from this City
visit him in San Quentin and make a
thorough examination of his physical and
mental condition for the purpose of in
fluencing the Governor to grant him a
pardon.
Dr. G. J. Fitzgibbons. a member of the
Board of Health, and Dr. J. R. McMurdo
went on a special visit to San Quejitin
yesterday to make a careful diagnosis of
the convict's state of mind and digestion,
and to report their v findings, all of which,
if favorable for his release, will be elabo
rately spread out on paper in the shape of
a recommendation to the executive for an
absolute pardon.
One of Hurley's pet schemes while in
prison is to pretend to eat glass and try his
digestion on fine gravel, none of which,
in the opinion of the prison physician. Dr.
Lnwlor, would, if confined to Hurley's
plan, be in the least injurious to longevity,
• '— . • — ♦ — • : ■
MOKE LETTER-CARRIERS.
Proposed New. System to Require an In
crease in the Force. -
The postal authorities here had not re
ceived official notification of the proposed
house-to-house collection of mail which ia
announced from Washington by telegraph
as about to be inaugurated in this City.
They say, however, that if the system is
put into operation it will necessitate a very
considerable increase . in the number of
carriers, as the force now employed have
all the work they can attend to.
Resisted an Officer.
Terrence McCabevas yesterday sentenced to
one year's imprisonment and to pay a fine of
$1000 by Judge Wallace for resisting an officer.
Mci'abe owns »i saloon and one evening two of
his bibulous customers engaged in a row. A
■policeman came in to stop the proceedings and
AleCabe hit him on the head with a glass.
4/ NEW TO-DAT.
''Mill 1 1 1 1 1 I! 1 IiriILUULIMJI'IJtUICUVtTIIIIIIK
ITHAT m
1 TOBACCO!
I COUCH I • [
9 fmoko and chew, hawk and spill!
Smoke and chew, hawk and spit! I
s Throat's always irritated, consumption I
! easily started. Then comes pale, i
bloodless countenance, glittering, rest- 1
less eye and ever nervous movement 1
2 Of hands and feet. NO-TO-BAC is a f
I . specific for tobacco throat even if you :
= don't want a cure. Take a NO-TO-BAC ■
| tablet now and then. What a relief in I
!NO-TO-BAC\^kl
§ Builds up the nervous sys-w«7,a3p i
I tern, makes new, rich blood, Xsgjgr 1
I —lust the thing for the wealc, nervous §
1 man to use now and then. Get our |
I book; read the marvelous record of |
§ recovery. You run no risk, for you 3
i can buy under your own s
I DRUGGIST'S GUARANTEE. 1
I Every druggist 13 authorized to sell 1
g Ho-To-Bac under absolute guarantee I
ftp cure every, form of tobacco using. 3
1 • Our written guarantee, free sample of I
3 No-To-Bacand booklet called "Don't I
5 Tobacco Spit and Smoko Your Life i
I Away,' mailed for the asking. Ad- 1
I dress THE STERLING REMED>OO 3
6 • : ■ Chicago Montreal Can New FOR 04 i
Bannrtmrniri 11 11 11 1 1 "TiwimjiHiii-riMffliiiTi in tern us
CASCARETS S"?*^'^".,^
$10 REWARD
«^/*^«"%.^"fc#««%/^^^/.^^^^«^,
for any case of Catarrh or Rheuma-
tism we fail to cure. -Treatment by
our own physician ' including medi-
cine— ss per month. Treatment by
mail also. FERRY DRUG CO.. 8 Market St.
NEW TO-DAT.
ETils
DAMAGED
■-" * ■■■■■'
BY WATER
During the recent heavy
storm will be offered at
NOMINAL PRICES with a
view of immediate clear-
ance. They consist in part
of the following :
About 185 Pairs
FfflE WHITE BLAMETS,
130 Pieces
CANTON FLAffIEL,
250 Dozen
TURKISH TOWELS,
AND SOME ODDMENTS.
A FEW ACCOMPASMG STROM
SPECIALS!
At Sli Cents a Yard.
2 bales HEAVY BROWN MUSLIN, 39
inches wide, the B%c grade, slightly
wet.
At $1.25 a Pair.
2 cases 11-4 HEAVY WHITE BLANK-
ETS, full size, value for $1 85.
At 5 Cents a Yard.
BEST GRADE STAPLE GINGHAMS—
not many left now.
At 45 Cents a Yard.
GOOD GRADE BLEACHED IRISH
LINEN TABLE DAMASK, value for
60c. //-//
At 20 Cents a Yard.
SMALL LOT GOOD-GRADE TURKEY-
RED TABLE DAMASK, slightly wet.
At $1.15 a Dozen.
One lot GOOD-SIZE DINNER NAPKINS,
bleached Irish linen, fast selvages.
Some are slightly wet.
SPECIAL— Some lots REMNANTS TA-
BLE DAMASKS, etc., to be closed out.
/*fb/B?A\/ wXrWFWf WWW I
(Jflg Murphy Building, /
Met and Jones Streets.
.-■■■
; . .
California Gold
Flows eastward in a steady
stream. It is not right.
Don't you know that there
are home-made goods as
good as, and better than,
three-fourths of the articles
you send East for? For in-
stance, take the
the Standard
. JJL '• Shirts. They will
rtnTii'i 7^-fai easily bear com-
TRADE .
<«, . -^ pnrison with any
II.!). Eastern made
mark; . , .
rj=ji r=n shirts.
»V v scnsta*terßros,S.F.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. Mcdonald,
809 to 813 Folsom Street, and 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to Beale.
I have on hand a large quantity of 8. F. Ga*.
light Co.'s and Paclfiic Gas Improvement Co.'a
Coke, which I am selling at a very low rate. This
Coke is suitable tor Urates, Furnace.?, Laundry and
Family use.
I am also a direct Importer of the best English
and Belgian brands of .Patent Coke, which I am,
offering at reduced rates to Foundries, Breweries,
Mining companies and the trade lu lots from 1
ton to 1000 tons.
Country orders solicited. City orders delivered
with promptness.
Will guarantee satisfaction, as I know what
will suit from an experience of 25 years in tha
business.
Office 813 Folsom Street.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the
. sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
tells on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary.
MABKB, ALFS & BRUNK, Agents.
333 Market St., 8. (Send for Circular.)
■■gnr WILCOX POUND
TTANSYwxP/LLS
-«.,,ho.i Safo **•-*- SURE. Always reliable. Taka
no substitute. For sale all drnzgisrs. 82.00, Send
J?A { °rl i0 .'£2, nsilare t }uar(i - WILCOX HPECIFIC
co., :a» bOUTH eighth st..philada.,j?a.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHAKLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
law and Notary Public, 688 Market st., oppo-
i site Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Fell a;. Tele-
phone 670. Residence telephone. "Pine 2501."
HEALTH RESORTS.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM
(Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
Is under strictly regular management; a quiet,
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure,
massage, electrical treatments, Swedish move-
ments, dieting, baths, physical training, ' and all
that Is included In modern rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water,
even temperature and restful scenery may be
obtained.
Terms: Room, with board and regular treat-
ment, $12 to $20 per week.
Send for circular: St. Helena Sanitarium, St.
Helena, Napa County, Cal.
'■; Trains leave San Francisco, foot of Market st.,
at 7 a. xt. and 4 p. m., via Vallejo Junction, reach
ing St. Helena at 10:45 a. m. and 7:09 v. it.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What Sportsmen, Athletes and
Oarsmen Are Doing.
The wet weather has greatly interfered
with all kinds of outdoor sports. The
wheelmen cannot enjoy a ride in the coun
try and the sportsmen have given up all
hope of meeting with any good duck
shooting experiences during the remain
ing days of the open season.
Coursing is •in full blast, however, and
some good racing should be witnessed at
Newark and Ocean View to-morrow.
Gaelic football teams will meet to-mor
row in the recreation grounds of Golden
Gate Park, and an intercollegiate game
will be decided to-day at Central Park.
The oarsmen are looking forward to a
very lively season of aquatic sport.
The Olympic Club is figuring upon the
holding of a grand amateur boxing tour
nament in April.
THE WHEELMEN.
Walter C. Sanger Is Considered the
Champion Facer of To-Day.
If there is any possible hope of the roads
being ridable the wheelmen will flock to
the park to-morrow. They will not at
tempt to venture out into the country for
several weeks, but with one or two days'
sun-drying the park roads, and particu
larly the bicycle paths, will be in better
condition than ever, as a good wetting
always improves them. It is a noticeable
thing that the park riders all take to the
paths especially provided for them, as it
makes a far better riding surface than the
main roads. The Commissioners intended
once to require the cyclists to use the
paths set aside for them and not go upon
the main drive at ail, but such an ordi
nance would be entirely unnecessary now
as the wheelmen have taken to the bicycle
paths from choice, and it would take
stringent legislation to keep them off them
now.
Charles S. Wells, behind the great quad
team of Smith, Swanborough, Washburne
and Terrill, covered four miles the other
day at San Diego, the following being the
time taken for each mile: 2:10—2:03—
2:05—2:02. The "boy wonder" is riding
now as never before, surely.
Two young wheelmen, Raul and Felix
Butte of this City, have invented a con
trivance for holding a wheel in position
while cleaning, lubricating or repairing it,
which is so simple and ingenious that
they have applied for a patent on it. It
consists of two clamps fastened nivotally
on an inflexible rod: one is fastened within
an incision, the other to the top of the rod.
The device can be adjusted on any chair
or bench, and the bicycle then fastened to
it, inverted. It is so small that it can be
carried in a tool-bag on long trips, when
cleaning and lubricating become a neces
sity.
R. M. Welch, representative of the
National Racing Board, has issued his
bulletin No. 1, of the season of 1896, dated
January 23, 1896, as follows:
Sanctions granted— January 18, 25, February
1, 8, 15, 29, Orange County wheelmen, Santa
Ana; February 22, Redlands Council No. 7,
Junior Order United American Mechanics,
Redlands; February 22, Southern Pacific Com:
pany, Santa Monica; Steams Bicycle Team,
-sanction to make private record trials at Santa
"Monica extended to March 15, 1890.
Suspended from sanction privileges — For
failure to award prizes at value stipulated,
Pilot Wheelmen, Santa Cruz; Napa Cycling
Club, Napa.
Transferred to class B. under clause I, class A
rule— H. B. Freeman, Haywards; by vote of
racing board, under clause C, section 7, article
IV of by-laws, Floyd A. MeFarland and Hardy
Downing, San Jose. -pTA-A
PACIFIC COAST RECORDS APPROVED.
One-third mile standing start unpaced, W.
W-. Hamilton, Coronado, December 2'), 1895,
■41.
One-third mile standing start paced, W. W.
Hamilton, Coronado, December 27, 1895,
:33 3-5. ..A.-p .-:.".
Half mile flying start paced, tandem. Canby
Hewitt and W. A. Taylor, Coronado, December
27, 1895, -50 1-5.
Two-thirds mile flying start paced, tandem,
Canbv Hewitt and W. A. Taylor, Coronado, De
cember 27, 1895, 1 "-
Two-thirds mile flying start paced, W. W.
Hamilton, Coronado, December 28, 1895,
1 -08 3-5.
Three-quarter mile flying start paced, C. 8.
Wells, Coronado, December 28, 1805, 1:18 3-5.
Three-quarter mile flying start paced, tan
dem, Canby Hewitt and XX. A. Taylor, Coro
nado, December 30, 1395, 1:21 1-5. '
One mile flying start paced, tandem, canbv
Hewitt and W. A. Taylor, Coronauo, January
1, 1896, 1:47 3-5. R.M.Welch. '
Representative National Racing Board.
Class B riders will race for $100 prizes
this season, unless otherwise provided by
the racing boards in special events, and
under the system proposed will realize far
more than when they were competing for
$150 diamonds, worth in reality about 30
per cent of that amount. The system of
gold medals, redeemable at 90 per cent of
their value, is well thought of by the racing
men. /.'■':
Fred J. Titus, who was a team mate of
Cabanne and Sanger last year, has signed
with the Syracuse people. This will be a
surprise to those who knew of his close re
lations with his old concern, but it is
authoritatively stated that the Spaldings
will not put a team on the path in 1830.
Titus is now under suspension, but the
consensus of opinion of the Eastern cycling
press is to the effect that he, Cabanne and
Murphy, will be reinstated by the National
Assembly.
To Bor not to B? Shall class Bbc con
tinued for another year? The question
was widely agitated at the Chicago show.
and the general sentiment had a tendency
to lean toward the good of amateurism,
which can only be properly preserved by a
united effort to sway the National Assem
bly in favor of class B. George D. Gideon,
chairman of the National Racing Board,
realizes that a B class must exist. So does
Robert M. Welch, the representative of
the board in California. This gentleman
has given a great deal of study to the most
intricate points which encompass this
question, and after a careful investigation
is ready to declare himself for a class to be
known as the "class B riders," which in
many respects will resemble tne class of
makers' amateurs which has been nurtured
by the L. A. W. for the past two years.
Of several changes to be made in class
B, one will meet with general approval.
It is appreciated that race-meet promoters
did much to discourage the B riders last
year by supplying prizes far below their
recognized value. It has been suggested
that the L. A. W. furnish prizes in the
form of gold medals with attached certifi
cates controlled and recorded by the rac
ing board. These are redeemable, and
when a rider wins a $100 prize he will Know
that he can eet it, less 10 per cent, which
the league will deduct to guarantee the
organization for its trouble. Class B must
live, if its purer brother would survive *
and class A is absolutely necessary. '
John S. Johnson, Patrick O'Connor and
A. E. Weinig, three well-known profes
sionals, under the management oi Tom
Eck, will race in Europe this year. Eck
has already made a contract for the riders
and they will begin training in America
early in February. The men will return
to America later in the year to compete in
the professional events here. In face of
the fact that many of the "pro" riders are
looking forward to conquest in France it
would be suicidal for L. A. W. interests to
drop the B class. One of the fastest rid
ers on the path said recently: "I want to
ride in class B, if there is to be such a
class, for it has some, semblance to ama
teurism." This but echoes sentiments
of all the class B riders of to-day. They
do not want to become professionals. ;
, Walter B. Fawcett is the young gentle
man who has been recently honored by
election to the captaincy of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen. The position is an: im
portant one in such a large club, and I
have every confidence in Mr. Fawcett's
ability to discharge his duties with credit.
He is well known .in; the .cycle trade on
this coast, being manager 'for"the' March
people, and has made many friends among
the wheelmen here. The runs of the O.
C. W.s should be popular and well at
tended under his direction. • .
- The committee on the Baker & Hamil
ton trophy, appointed by President "White
of the associated clubs, will meet to-mor
row afternoon to decide about the contest
ing for and disposal of the cup. The com
mittee's recommendations will then be
presented to the association next Saturday
night for consideration. It is understood
that the following will be offered: To be
a special twenty-five-mile race, run on the
second Sunday in July, known as the
Baker & Hamilton trophy race. Prize to
be won three times by the same club be
fore becoming its prouerty. It is to be a
scratch team race, held on the San Lean
dro triangle; teams to consist of five men
from each club, who will start in five
groups, one from each club in each group.
The club that finishes five men having
lowest net time will be declared the win
ner for the year. - . . . ■-- ';.;■. /]/' .
The meeting of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs, at which this will be de
cided, will be held next Saturday evening,
WALTER C. SANGER, TIIE UNPACED MILE KING.
February 1, at the rooms of the Imperial
Cycling Club, Gil Van Ness avenue.
The San Jose Road Club has a ten-mile
road race scheduled for to-morrow, but
whether the roads will be sufficiently dry,
if indeed it does not rain, is a question.
The cluo is going to keep its men in con
stant training from now on, and they will
show up in splendid form for the twenty
five-mile road race and the relay.
The Imperial Cycling Club has one of its
popular dances on the cards for next Fri
day night, which is sure to be well at
tended. The Imperials are particularly
successful at this form of entertainment,
and they are all as good dancers as they
are riders. The party is to be held at
Union-square Hall.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will go
through the coming season under the
direction of the following committees:
Cycling— W. B. Fawcett, J. F. McGlynn,
Walter B. Fawcett, the New Captain of
th© Olympic Club Wheelmen.
C. N. Ravlin, James Mullen, J. Hahn and
L. C. Hunter; auditing— F. W. Fuller, H.
V.Scott, C. J. Leighton ; recruiting— H.
D. Hadenfeldt, H. G. Edwards, H. Cos
griff; house— George Kroetz; entertain
ment—F. W. Fawcett, J. Crump, J. Cun
ningham, A. C. Thornton, W. H. Haley.
It looks rather odd to read in the racing
board's bulletin, published to-day, that
the Southern Pacific Company has been
granted a sanction to run a race meet at
Santa Monica on February 22. The racers
say the company conducts its meets better
than any club could and the prizes are
always up to value. I suppose the various
railroad officials serve at the race meets.
Imagine some general freight agent as a
timer and a traffic manager as a judge.
The company is making considerable
money off tbe Santa Monica track propo
sition, and the hope has always been en
tertained that it could be induced to build
one somewhere in this vicinity.
There has been a great deal of discussion
lately about a new home-trainer, said to
have been invented by two Oakland young
men. One of the machines is set up in the
Acme Club's rooms and the Bay City
Wheelmen have another. The latter club
was not satisfied with the running of
theirs, however, and so one of the mem
bers is building. another which will be
ball-bearing and only two rollers. ' The
idea, however, is by no means new.. John
S. Prince, the long-distance champion,
had something like it, with.a dial attach
ment, and exhibited it at the Orpheum in
this City arfd ■ at the • Auditorium in San
Jose. It is now in the latter city, stowed
away, I am told, in the rooms of the San
Jose Road Club.
Going over an old cycling scrap-book
the other evening, however,* 1 found a clip
ping front Tub Call of Sunday/February
* * . **
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896,
21, 1892, covering identically the same
thing which is now being offered by the
Oaklanders as something new. The article
reads: ' v . ';-;-* ; "7 A--.A--- -y ■' : : •/■pA-'.yz'-
One of the novelties exhibited at the recent
Stanley show of cycles in London was a train
ing machine devised by a Swiss inventor. The
wheels of the machine .rest upon rollers, two
for the rear wheel and one for the front. There
is an adjustment by which the rollers can be
arranged so as to represent loose or muddy
roads or hills. A dial placed before the rider
shows tho distance traveled and the speed.
This invention of four years ago is much
more complete than the one which is
creating so much talk just now. The fault
with the one the Bay. City Wheelmen have
is that it makes too much noise when rid
den upon— -noise equal to about ten large
printing presses running together at one
time. It jars the houses on the block
where the clubhouse is situated, and sev
eral residents have complained. So the
club has stopped the men from training on
it until the new one being made by Arthur
Davies can be completed, which will be
ball-bearing and improved generally. It
will have no dial, though, nor any adjust
ment to give the impression or bad roads
or hills.
The San Jose Road Club will hold a
dance in its clubrooms next Monday even
ing. .
Joseph B. Carey, captain of the Garden
City Cyclers, had his wheel stolen last
Thursday evening in San Jose and is anx
ious to get word of its whereabouts. He
says if he does not he will have to lead the
rest of the club runs on foot. It is de
scribed as being the only model A 1895
Steams in California, is finished in yellow
enamel, with "Model A" plainly stamped
on the head. It lias adjustable handle
bars, New York tires, rat-trap pedals with
toe clips. Serial number not known.
Walter C. Sanger is one of the greatest
riders the world has ever produced, and
has thousands of admirers who say that
to-day lie is the peer of any man, not even
excepting Zimmerman or Johnson. He is
of herculean build, being over six feet tall,
and weighing 210 pounds. He comes from
Milwaukee, where his father is a man of
wealth and position. In 1893 he captured
the English championship, after having
won everything in sight over here. He
won the mile English championship hand
ily at Chicago during the fair, and in the
international events there was mentioned
by the English as their champion. The
Sunday night before that wonderful week
of racing this was mentioned to him.
"No/ he said, decidedly, "I will not ride
for England. I am an American, first,
last and always, and shall never ride under
any colors except those of the stars and
stripes." The next day he fell, thrown by
the carelessness of a novice, and when
they picked him up, nearly done to death,
his chances for the week and probably the
year gone in an instant, he whispered to
his trainer: "I had rather lose my chance
as an American than win for the English."
Upon his return from England, says the
Nickell Magazine, he was met at the rail
road station in Milwaukee by an immense
crowd that blocked traffic until the train
came in. The Mayor of the city received
him, and made a speech in which he said
that Milwaukee was proud of her son. A
procession was then formed and he was
driven through the city, the streets of
which were lined with people. Seldom
has it been granted to an athlete to have
i his home-coming celebrated in a manner
j that would approach ;so nearly the splen
dors of a Roman triumph.
The season of '95 saw Sanger doing very
little work. Until September at Springf
ield he had done virtually.nothing. There
he started in three events, competing
against Johnson, Tyler and every pro
fessional of note in the country, and won
them all, finishing in two of them 100 feet
ahead of the bunch. Ever since then the
knowing ones have said there was no one
living could beat Sanger. He holds the
world's record for an unpaced mile at
2:00 1-5, considered remarkable, as riding
for unpaced records is the hardest work
imaginable and seldom can a man make
good time under such conditions.
Sanger lived, in California early in his
life, and I may suggest that perhaps that
has had a great deal to do with his re
markable speed. The filling of his young
lungs with California ozone gave him
stamina and wind power that will never
fail, even when put to the. severest test.
He lived with his parents in the
vicinity of San Leandro, and has a
brother who is now living at Napa. But
he was born and reared in Milwaukee, and
we can .only claim to have had a small
share in aiding him to success.. Recently
he married a very beautiful and wealthy
young lady of his native city, but will not
give up riding just at present, as he real
izes he has only just reached his best.
The visiting committee of the League of
American Wheelmen called upon the Cali
fornia and Alpha cycling clubs and the
Olympic , Cyclers during the past week.
The future dates of the committee are:
Olympic Club Wheelmen, Tuesday, Janu
ary 28; Liberty Cycling Club, Tuesday,
February- 4; Alameda - Cyclers, Friday,
February. 7; Imperial. Cycling Club, Mon
day, 1 February 17. .The committee is meet
ing with great success, and - is very much
flattered at the , interest created and the
attention it has received at the various
places already called upon.
The race-meeting at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion in Marcn, as mentioned in The Call
Thursday, is sure to take place, and the
riders should commence training at once.
The prizes. are Deing purchased, and will
soon be upon exhibition. Entry blanks
are . being printed and f will be forwarded
to the various clubs next week. The rac
ing board, California, Bay City and Olym
pic clubs, having looked into the manace
ment of the affair, and being satisfied with
their investigations, have agreed to sup
port the venture and help make it a suc
cess.
- H.B. Gleezen, the well-known trainer,
has devised, a plan whereby the speed of
races may be increased and the use of pac
ing machines done away. with. He sug
gests that a prize be given to the man fin
ishing first in every lap except the last,
which shall decide the race. Then, if the
time is below a certain limit, say 2:20, a
prize of $25 be given to the first man fin
ishing, If the time 'be below 2:15 let the
prize be valued atsso; 2:10 would draw out
a $75 prize and 2:05 entitle the winner to
one of . $100. By this system Mr.
Gleezen claims ; "the time made in
competition will be as , fast as
is now done with pacemakers, as the
men will do pacing for each other.
The increase in the value of the prize in a
corresponding ratio with the increase in
speed will act as an inducement to the
men to fight for the race from start to fin
ish, while the prizes for intermediate dis
tances will act as a further incentive for
them to ride their best. Of course, fast
tracks will be a help to this system, and
slow ones will work against it, but as a
whole it seems to be a clever and original
thought. ; >; ; A/.y/. Spalding.
Wheels In Petaluma.
The following communication from M.
W. Edwards of Petaluma has been re
ceived:
In October, 1895, there were 130 members
belonging to the Petaluma Wheelmen, whose
crest is the three wings around a circle in
closing the initial "P."
There are now 250 riders, fifty of whom sport
the bloomers, and sixty of the number belong
to the L. A. Vf. --. ■■■•-■-' z-4
Malcolm Byce, the little son of Mr. Byce,
agent for the "Erie" wheel, is between five and
six years of age and is our youngest rider, his
father having had a wheel made especially for
him.
Just now the bycicle is "not in it," so far as
the rain and mud are concerned, but we ex
pect grea* exploits irom the '90 wheel. ,
Newton Ackerman, our champion cyclist,
whose reported intention to race under the
colors of the San Francisco Road Club occa
sioned great regret here, has returned heie
with the explanation that he is only anon*
resident honorary member to the Road Club,
as he desires to enter in the great 100-mile
relay race.
Mr. Byce, the agent of the "Erie," now keeps
"air on tap," so that inflation of the rubber
tires is a very easy matter.
The already fine bicycle track is being further
improved by being raised three feet on the
banks and we hope to have many good races
in the coming season.
TWO WHEELS.
She sings by her wheel at the low cottage door.
Which the long evening shadows are stretching
be :...,:,.- ... -'.i: ■-.- ■•:,- V:..-;;. .. — ■ '. y,: -..
With a music as sweet as the music which seems
Breathed softly and faintly in the ear of our dreams.
;•/"-■ -JOUS Q. WIIITTKB.
If the good Quaker poet could only come back,
And cast his mild eye over progress' hot track,
From the maldeds;that were to the maidens that be,
lib, weeping Jerusalem, what would he see?
The maiden who sat by her wheel at the door,
Isn't running that kind of a wheel any more;
She spinneth not flax by the cottage door peat: .
She straddles the wheel and goes forth on the street.
The girl with the wheel In the good Quaker's day,
Calm, quiet and modest, was spinning away
Where the cool waters flowed and the light zephyrs
fair ' ----.-.■
.Blew the truant locks loose that had strayed from
her hair.
And her manner was tranquil, her skin lily white,
And her sown it was clean and her speech was
polite.
In short, this fair maiden, the wheel who possessed,
Was a pattern of modesty, coolness and rest.
The girl with the wheel at the present goes out
Without any weak hesitation or doubt,
And in dirt and in dust, perspiration and heat,
She pushes her way 'mong the teams on the street.
She has large baggy trousers, no bothersome skirt'
A manly cravat, and a coat and a shirt.
And her face becomes red as she onward doth plow.
And the hot 1 erspiration stands forth on her brow.
Oh. shades of our grandmothers, look o'er the tide
Think of your spinning, the cottage beside.
Then look at these bloomers, this shirt and cravat,
shades of our ancestors, '-Where are we at?"
THE GUN.
The Wind-Up of a Good Season.
English Snipe Near Concord.
The sportsmen who read The Call last
Saturday and remained at home did not
regret having missed one Sunday during
the hunting season from their favorite
duckshooting grounds. y'.yTp
The heavy rains drove all the birds that
had been "camped" on the bay for several
weeks during the dry weather to the south,
where they will remain during the few
weeks that are left for hunters to enjoy a
favorite pastime. '-4-lAApii
The canvasback and bluebill will afford
some sport to those who will try their luck
to-morrow near Sausalito and Hunters
Point. Possibly the best location for a
good shoot, now is off the old bridge lead
ing into South San Francisco. Last
Wednesday evening the boys who were
stationed on the bridge about dusk had
grand sport bagging bluebills and butter
balls that were ilyine in from the bay to
the marsh. One of the hunters bagged
nineteen bluebills in less than thirty
minutes. Occasionally birds are dropped
on the bridge, but in most instances they
fall on either side of the structure and are
picked up by the hunters' assistants, who
are in boats under the shelter of the
bridge.
If a strong wind should be blowing to
morrow some good shooting may be had
from the old Alameda bridge. It is doubt
ful if the sport on the marshes will be
worth going after, as latest advices from
the Sonoma and Alameda marshes is not
by any means encouraging. English snipe
are said to be very plentiful in the vicinity
of Concord, Centra Costa County. After
one of the big rain storms of last year two
prominent sportsmen of. this City bagged
119 snipe in one day's shooting in the
lowland between Martinez and Concord.
Judge Carroll, W. S. Valencia, George
Racine and Dr. Heldreth enjoyed a few
days of excellent duck shooting near De
lano last week. Their combined string
numbered 319 birds, which included mal
lard, teal, sprig and spoonbill. The Judge
states that the sportsmen of Delano treated
them most hospitably, and he guarantees
any lover of the gun, who is desirous of a
good duck shoot before the season expires,
a first-class outing by . visiting Delano,
which he contends is at present a paradise
for sportsmen.
The Alameda Sportsman's Club has re
newed its lease of several acres of marsh
lands, situated in Sonoma County in the
vicinity of McGills. The club has about
given up the idea of meeting with any
good success during the remaining days of
the season.
.Al Cumming states that during the late
storm he bagged 110 mallard ducks in the
tules near Byron. He caught the birds on
their return from the grainrields, and
states, that during his hunting trips to
Byron he has never had such grand shoot
ing. *
Richard Brooks and a friend killed 125
gray ducks on Sunday, the 12th inst., near
Antioch. There is a peculiar grass grow
ing on the margin of the ponds about An
tioch which is much sought after by this
variety of duck.
The sportsmen who visited Hamlet sta
tion, Tom ales Bay, last Sunday, met with
good success in sea-brant shooting. They
returned to this City with twenty-five
birds.
The Pall Mall Gazette of recent date has
the- following to say regarding the game
birds of England, Wales and Scotland:
Throughout England and Wales generally
the sport on the moors was altogether quite
enjoyable this year, but bags, owing to scarcity
ot birds, due to the severity of the preceding
winter and , the unfavorable weather subse
quently, were not up to the usual standard.
The sport in Scotland, particularly in the
Highlands— the home par excellence of the red
grouse and the black game— bas been . but
meager on the whole this year. The rainfalls
in the far north were much heavier than in
England at the opening of the season, which
marred the sport, and- the birds themselves
ere scarcer than they have been for years.
This was due, of course, to the unprecedented
storms of last January and February, when so
many birds perished in the snow blizzards and
intense frosts. Consequently, not a few sports
men spared their moors— praiseworthy pro
ceeding under the circumstances.
None of the Scotch moors show such big fig
ures us those given above for England,' the
bulk of the shooting in the north country he
ing done In the old-fashioned way, over dogs,
but • few of the larger • Scottish moors are
adapted for ■'driving." Taking Scotland as a
whole, the average daily bag during the sea
son, even reckoning the results from driving
along with those over the dogs,, would not
have amounted '* to. much - more than
thirty brace or so, whereas, : reckoning the
over-dog shooting alone, the ' average , would
barely reach fifteen brace or so. Black j game
have been nowhere in Scotland this- year,
while very few ptarmigan or capercailzie have
been killed. : . '
The black game are decreasing yearly from
their haunts in the heathlands, perhaps owing
to modern encroachments on these grounds, as
they are more accessible to civilization than
the more distant and wilder moorlands of the
red grouse. Sportsmen will certainly regret
the decadence of the handsome black cock, for
a really handsomer bird and no nobler game
exists within these Islands.
More discreet and intelligent shooting on the
part of many men with guns (who, unfortun
ately, do not know a black cock or a gray hen
from the more common grouse) and an exten
sion of the close time, till two or three weeks
later might do something to preserve birds
from a too hasty extinction.
THE ANGLER.
A Comparison Between the Mldwln-
ter and Midsummer Anglers.
The class of anglers who are seldom
seen on the streams after the opening day of
the trout-fishing season in April are now
anticipating some grand sport angling for
steelheads in the tide waters of coast
streams.
The so-called midwinter fishermen take
very little interest in whipping a moun
tain stream for small trout when the creeks
are clear and low. They contend that the
sport of angling is in hooking and playing
large fish, such as the steelhead when it is
on a journey to spawning grounds. After
April 1 the parent fishes of the small trout
that afford* so much pleasure to anglers
who use a fly only, have departed for the
sea and * are not seen again until the fol
lowing winter. ' v - -"
The winter angler finds no pleasure in
catching small fish, and as a matter of
course he looks upon the summer angler
as a strange kind of being who does not
know what real sport is when he sees it.
The man who wades the streams in the
angling season proper takes- much pleas
ure in the exercise he derives from an out
ing in the country at a time of the year
when the trees are in bloom and the
fragrance of divers kinds of wild flowers
permeate the atmosphere. He is a lover
of nature and is perfectly contented if he
succeeds in catching a nice mess of trout.
The winter angler has only one object in
view and that is the capture of a larye fish.
Mature has no charms for him. He will
sit on a damp clay bank for hours at a
time waiting and watching heron-like for
that signal which means great joy and
pleasure for him. Perhaps, after hours of
waiting, he hooks and has ten minutes'
sport with a steelhead, which, as a table
fish, is not much fancied by epicures.
Occasionally the winter anglers meet
with good success, but in the nearby coast
streams the exception is generally the
rule. If the weather remains fine steel
head fishing at Point Reyes, Embarcadero.
San I Gregorio and Purissima should be
tolerably fair from now until March.
The German carp is creating no end of
annoyance in the streams of the north.
T. G. Tarrell of Portland, Or., writes that
the carp are not only a nuisance to anglers
but that they have destroyed the favorite
food of the duck. A gentleman recently
informed him that he knew of a State that
was at one time badly infested with carp,
and that by the introduction of wall-eyed
pike and pickerel the German food fish
disappeared in the space of four years after
the introduction of the Dike family. It
would be hard to estimate the number of
pike that would be required to rid the
waters of this State of Mr. Carp. They
are more numerous in the Sacramento and
San Joaquin rivers than mosquitos are in
the tules in the summer season.
The Country Club expects to have some
grand sport next summer catching land
locked salmon, which are thriving in the
lanes of the club.
THE OARSMEN.
Winners of the Ariel Boat Club Re-
gatta— News From Stockton.
The rowing regatta held by the Ariel
Boat Club over the Long Bridge course,
last Sunday, practically ushered in the
rowing season.
The course was one -fourth of a mile
with a turn, and the first race on the
programme was a single-scull race be
tween J. O. Wilson and H. Pless, in which
the former was the victor. Time, 5 min
utes.
J. Hardy defeated J. McAuliff, after an
exciting race in the singles, in the fast time
of 4% minutes. «,
Bob Ellis, in an outrigger skiff, defeated
G. O. McGinniss and N. J. Prendergast in
a pair-oared shell. Time, s}i minutes.
The star event of the day was the four
oared barge race between two selected
crews as follows:
Crew No. I— H. A. Pless, bow and cap
tain; J. R. BocKman, forwardwaist; J.
McAuliff, afterwaist; N. J. Prendergast
stroke, and P. Enright, coxswain.
Crew No. 2— A. Wilson, bow and cap
tain; Robert Ellis, forwardwaist; J. No
lan, afterwaist; J. Larkey, stroke, and A.
Carroll, coxswain.
The race was won by the former crew
after an exciting finish. Time, 3J4 minutes.
It is the intention of the I. riel Club to
hold monthly regattas and to organize a
ladies' annex.
William Humphreys, president of the
P. A. A. of the A. A. U. of America, is
the recipient of a letter from John E.
Budd, president of the Stockton Athletic
Association, in which he states that the
Stockton club intends to construct for the
coming year the same kind of a racing
boat as is used by the University and
Olympic clubs.
He suggests that in the arranging of a
regatta by the association this season that
one day be set aside for Stockton, and
preferably the Fourth of July.
Mr. Budd favors the idea of the associa
tion arranging a programme of regattas
to take in the holidays during the year,
including Admission Day, in order that
all the clubs may conform thereto.
He further states that the Stockton Ath
letic Association is heartily in accord with
everything that the P. A. A. has done in
regard to purifying the various clubs of
professionalism.
Last year, it will be remembered, was
the first time since the advent of boat
rowing on this coast that the Fourth of
July celebration committee refused to
include a regatta.
The Stocktomans have some clever oars
men enrolled in their club, notable among
whom are Frank Butler and R. Giovanni,
who will try to wrest the championship
from F. Duplissea and William McCaus
land this year.
On February 4, the Alameda Boat*
ing and Swimming Club will hold a
high jinks and installation of officers. The
club has a strong crew already organized,
as follows: A. Weber, Fred Avers, W.
Stiemitz and Al Bullion. Samuel J. Pem
broke, the champion outrigger skiff rower
of the coast, will row this season under the
NEW TO-DAY.
V 1896 *
COLUMBIA.
\ AND >
HARTFORD 1
■t 11 Oil B 1 UIIU V
(BICYCLES. \
\ Columbia Models; 40, 41, 42, 44, V
J $100. If
V Columbia, Model 43, Tandems, \
.*" «£ 1 5 0. c
V Hartford Bicycles ; $80, $60, $50 \
Ay flag" Responsible Agents wanted In i
l unoccupied territory- V
V -7v-%%. V
* POPE MANUFACTURING CO., x
j X 344 Post St., S. F., Cal;; \
club's colors in the single scull and out
rigger skiff.
The Dolphin Boating and .7 Swimming
Club will give a picnic in May. Its new
house is now entirely completed and was
open for inspection last Sunday. It is un
doubtedly the best equipped boatbouse on
the coast.
Ferris Hartman and Thomas Leary, the
comedians, are becoming enthusiastic
oarsmen and go out often from the
Dolphin Club. 7, :,r
The Pioneers have organized two crews,
a senior and junior.
The senior is composed of Fred Orr, bow
and captain; Coney Ochs, forwardwaist;
George Collopy, afterwaist; John Clifford,
stroke; and George Fitzsimmons, cox
swain.
Junior crew— J. St. John, bow and cap
tain; D. Collopy, forwardwaist; W.
Espy, afterwaist; Dan Fitzsimmons,
stroke; and George Fitzsimmons, cox
swain. Pr A// :.>.,-. :
Several ladies have applied for member
ship in the ladies' annex, and soon "an
other ladies' crew will be seen on the bay.
The Olympic Club will soon give orders
for the building of its boats. -It is the
intention of the club to have boats of the
latest Eastern models.
James Lawless and W. Scanlon are
anxious to meet any juvenile oarsmen in
double-scull Whitehalls for a trophy.
George , Bates, a crack boxer of the San
Francisco Athletic Club, has been en
rolled in the South End Club.
The San Francisco Athletic Club has as
pirations to have a boating annex. The
boys will be given every assistance by the
South Ends. The San Franciscos have
excellent material to pick from, its mem
bers being largely composed of men who
have rowed in many of the regattas.
Daniel G. Coleman, the secretary of the
club, is an excellent oarsman, and a race
between him and James Powers of the
Pioneers would prove interesting.
There is talk of a race between the fol
lowing crews of the South Ends: Crew 1—
George Bates, stroke ; Dave Cambell, after
waist; Ea Smith, forwardwaist; Tom
Barry, bow.
Crew Jim Fickett, stroke; Ed Pallas,
afterwaist; Charles Cutter, forwardwaist;
Dan Connoly, bow.
FOOTBALL.
Two Local Teams to Meet at Cen-
tral Park This Afternoon.
At Central Park this afternoon at 2
o'clock the Crocker and the Comos elevens
will play a match game of football. It
promises to be a sharp contest, as the two
local teams are considered a stand off.
Following are the players as they will face
each other:
Crocker. Position. Comos.
Sheehan L. end R Choynski
Koster L. tackle R Thompson
Londgroff L. guard R Wilson
C. Scott Center Lowe
lburc R. guard L Fisher
Crockbon R. tackle L Tillman
Kuhl R. end L Thompson
F. Scott Quarter ..Lamont
Evans L. half R Varney
Westover R. half L Bohr
Straeker Full Heller
Mills f -i Long
Hannah ) Billings
Morse 1 Substitutes {• Rice
Hugg I I Clough
I. J Collings
The Emmet and San Francisco Gaelic
football teams will meet to-morrow after
noon on the recreation grounds, Golden
Gate Park. Both of these teams have had
considerable practice for the past few
weeks and to-morrow's game should prove
quite interesting.
The game will be called at 3 o'clock
sharp and the following is the make-up of
the teams:
Emmets. San Franciscos.
Lynch Goal A hern
Ryan Halfback..... . . S. Welsh
Kelly Halfback Hannlgan
O'Dowd Quarter-back M ell ott«
Sugrue Quarter-back McCarthy
Palmer...... Captain .....Mclnerny
Daly Center Hughes
Ryan Center Daly
Leonard Center. Haniey
Creede. Right wing O'Keefe
Powers Right wing White
O'Dowd Left wing .McCarthy
Sugrue Left wing..... Farrell
Mescoll... Forward .Lynch
Lynch Forward... Welsh
Referee— R. C. O'Connor.
ATHLETIC.
What the Pacific Association Is
Doing— Handball and Boxing.
The committee on investigation ap
pointed by the Pacific Amateur Athletic
Association will meet again on Monday
evening to hear what the athletes who
have been accused of transgressing the
laws of the Amateur Athletic Union will
say in reply to several questions which
will be put to them.
As previously stated in The Call the
amateurs of the clubs composing the Pa
cific Athletic Association have paid very
little attention to amateur rules recently,
and the association thought that it was
about time to start in weeding out the bad
from the good.
One of "the commitee on investigation
said yesterday that the athletes who have
been notified to appear beforo the board
will certainly be expelled from the ama
teur ranks if they fail to be present at the
next meeting.
The handball players were delighted
when they read in yesterday's Call that a
new handball court may be one of the pro
posed additions to the new building. The
directors have concluded to give the hand
ball enthusiasts their valuable considera
tion, as the growth of the sport has been
NEW TO-DAT.
IN
THE
CLOUDS
Of dust in the race on the city
pavement the country highway
— wherever you see the orange
rim of a bicycle— the "yellow
fellow"— it's a STEARNS— the
world's best built, lightest,
strongest, handsomest wheel.
STEARNS
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street.
MUM- HOPKIXS & CO., City Agents.
For '96 embody all the lat-
est improvements in cycle
construction. Examine the
wheels and get a catalogue.
THE MARCH-DAYITcYCLE CO.,
J. Q. FRENCH, Coast Manager.
BOSH & MALLETT CO., City Agents!
WALTER B. FAWCETT, Manager.
328-330 POST ST. Telephone 784.
I . SAX "FKANCISCO. . '
NEW TO-DAT.
CLERGYMEN
TESTIFY!
EMINENT DIVINES GIVE POSI-
TIVE PROOF
That Mnnvon's Improved Homeopathic Rem-
edies Cure Rheumatism, Catarrh and
the Host Obstinate Biseases.
Why Pay Big Fees to Doctors When Ton
Can Cure Yourself With a 25-Cent
Bottle of Munyon's Improved Homeo-
pathic Kemedies ?
Rev. F. Ripley, 1820 Columbus avenue,
Bay Citv, Mich., says: "I always recom-
mend Munyon's Remedies with a feeling
of thankfulness for the wonderful cure
they made in my case. I was severely
afflicted with rheumatism for many years
and could get no relief. I was often in
very great pain and could not attend to
my" pastoral duties. Munyon's Rheuma-
tism Cure was "advised, and, though I bad
no faith in it, I tried the little -pellets, To
my great surprise, in a week's time I was
greatly relieved, and at the end of a month
I was completely cured. Munyon's Reme-
dies are a blessing to humanity, and I in-
tend to keep a case of them in the house
for use in mv family."
Rev. T. R. Waggener, pastor of the First
Baptist Church. Athens, Tenn., says: "I
was laid up with an obstinate cold in tbe
bronchial tubes for four weeks, coughing
at night and so hoarse during the day . I
could scarcely speak. I could not preach
over twenty minutes without my voice
civing awav completely. I purchased a
bottle of Munyon's Cough Cure one Satur-
day afternoon and by Sunday was enabled
to teach in Sunday-school, preach twice a
day, and when my day's work was done
my voice was as strong as it ever was. I
consider Munyon's Remedies most won-
derful for the promptness with which they
cure." (BHPSffiv
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidnev disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the
symptoms of nervous exhaustion, such as
depressed spirits, failure of memory, rest-
less and sleepless nights, pains in the
head and dizziness. It stimulates and
strengthens the nerves, and is a wonderful
tonic. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c. v y
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures ail forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c. ". : 'TA, '7-
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects head-
ache, biliousness, jaundice, constipation
and all liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a
boon to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
guaranteed to relieve asthma in three min-
utes and cure in five davs. Price, 50c each.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts. 44/77.
Munvon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price $1.
Munyon's Remedies at all "druggists, \
mostly 25c a vial.
Your druggist will present you free with
a copy of the "Guide to Health," a valu-
able little medical publication that should
be in every home.
Personal letters to Prof. Munvon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
J More
J||vP More
j^H» Widely
/ VN\n
' ==£^^^ S r-^ Copied
THAN ANY OTHER MAKE IN
THE WORLD.
Makers are good judges; theyal.
ways copy the best. But why not
buy the original from headquar-
Men's, three heights, $85.
; Ladies', $75 and $85.
Catalogue free. Agents wanted.
IN-DIA^A bicycle co.
d. 8. OONWELL, Manager,
18 and 20 flcAUister St., S. P.
PBj] BARNES
F BARNES
IS-18 Drumm St. / /^lftSf^k^^l\\
retail store: 1 [Hire3*TraTK*?*f^l\ 1
1640 Market St VMSW^ImB Si 1
6»a Francisco, CaL 1 \W?BBmM l«!iMWi/ §
1896 RAMBLERS
y. HAVE ARRIVED.
1895 Models Will be Sold for
SSS.OO.
COME WHILE THEY -LAST.'
1896 Ramblers... $ mM
1895 Ramblers. ........31 85.00
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,/
1325 Market st., s. F.
427 S. Spring Btt , Los Angeles, jsurprising in the past year. Superintend
ent Kennedy lias written to a famous
maker of handballs in Ireland for several
dozen balls, a few samples of which he
had seen a few days ago that caught his
eye and fancy. Kennedy is an excellent
Erognosticp.ior and his" prediction that
andball will eventually become the most
popular of indoor sports among club mem
bers is not by any means disputed by the
officers of the club who are now catering
tc the members who delight in the old
Irish pastime.
The club proposes giving entertainments
such as the one that was so successfully
managed at the Columbia Tneater a lew
evenings ago every three or four months.
The members who toot part in the enter
tainment propose to practice right along
and rehearsals will be held quite frequently
in a department of the club which has
been set apart for theatrical purposes.
Although the show of last Monday even
ing was a paramount success in every par
ticular Director Short says that it will not
compare at all with the entertainment
that will be held . in May or June next.
New jokes, new songs and new talent will
be introduced that will be catchy to the
eye and ear of the most fastidious crank
on theatricals.
Apart from vaudeville entertainments
the club will hold a monster amateur box
ing tournament in the Mechanics' Pavil
ion in April. Due notice will be given to
all of the amateur clubs of this coast ot
the proposed grand fistic entertainment,
and as exceedingly beautiful prizes will be
offered for competition, the directors are
in hopes of having entries from all parts
of the State. The classes will consist of
bantam, feather, light, middle and heavy
weights.
The Police Gazette Sporting Annual for
1596 is now out, and as a complete book of
reference it ranks superior to any of the
annuals published this season. It con
tains excellent illustrations of famous ath
letes, oarsmen, wheelmen, pugilists, etc
with the records and best performances of
the champions. A new departure of par
ticular interest to pugilists is the published
individual record of every prominent
lighter now before the public.
HOUNDS AND HARES.
A Great Coursing Meeting Will Be
Held at Newark To-Morrow. *
To-morrow a grand coursing meeting
"will be held at Newark Park, which place
is recognized by all of the prominent
leashmen of the State as the finest indoor
coursing demesne in the State. The
manager of the grounds; T. Cronin, who is
known to every lover of the sport in the
West, said yesterday that the hares which
he received from Merced some weeks ago
are in the very best condition possible and
that some great runs will be witnessed to
morrow.
"1 have seen many grueling races on the
plains of Merced during my experience as
a promoter of coursing," said Cronin,
"but the grandest course of all I witnessed
with some friends a few days ago in New
ark Park.
"I wanted to test the running qualities
of the hares, and after one or two courses I
concluded that the stock on hand could
not be better. 1 had two of my best dogs
ready to give the first of the short-tail
6printers of the plains a run for his life
the moment he put his face outside of the
breeding paddock, and it would have
pleased you to see the little rascal drop
his ears on his shoulders the moment he
fastened his peepers on the greyhounds.
Off he shot like a bullet for the escape at
the northeast end or" the racing field, and
when about eighty yards from the hounds
the slips parted and a\v«y went the long
tails in hot pursuit.
"Half way down the field the dogs over
hauled their game and forced the hare
from its line, but in the turn the dogs were
thrown out badly and puss got over many
yards of ground before it was again com
pelled to swerve from a course which had
brought it to within fifty yards of the es
cape. Down the field hare and hounds
came at & dashing gait and I was never so
much surprised in my life to see the hare
actually gaining on the dogs. Puss was
almost at the escape leading into the
breeding field, when it stumbled and fell.
One of the dogs made a desperate attempt
to kill, but the grand little animal escaped
by a quick wrench which gave it another
chance for its life. It carried the dogs
once again the entire length of the field,
where several turns were scored by the
brindle and black, and finally a kill re
sulted. It was the grandest bit of cours
ing I have ever seen, and you can safely
say that the large crowd of sport-lovers
who will witness the meeting of to-morrow
will return home thoroughly satisfied with
having enjoyed a gala day's sport."
The dogs entered for Kerrigan and Cas
serley's coursing meet are: '1.7
D. Twe?die's Dublin Stout vs. W.J. Shield's
Coal Yard, J. Donnolly's Defender vs. Villa
kennel's Maud <;, M. Kelly*"! Fly vs. J. Dun
bar's Evening Star, P. Ryan's Kitty Pease vs.
D. Burfeind's Trix, P. Ryan's Magpie vs. Villa
kennel's Tempest, J.O'Shea's.Tultamore vs. D.
Mulcahy's Fox Hall, J. J. Larkey's Spinawav
vs. J. Mcßridt's Flashlight, O. Jennings' Red
Rose vs. I). Tweed. White Rustic, H. Hull's
Butcher Boy vs. W. L. Trade's Lucky Dog, W.
L. Trade's Mission Boy vs. J. O'Shea's Firenzi,
J. McDonald's Mayo Boy vs. J. Bradshaw's
Tomboy, C. Evans' Dashaway vs. W. J. Shield-.'
Bowery Boy.
The following is the draw for this meet
ing; there are forty of the crack dogs of
the State entered:
West Side kennel's Belle of Campbell vs.
James Dean's Ivy, Oak Grove kennel's Granu
ale vs. A. Merrill's Snow Bird, F. McCabe's Ful
lerton vs. M. Travnor's Vailev Maid, M. Cor
hett's Red Wagon vs. West "Side kennell's
Cleaverness, J. C. Talbot's Lady Blarncr vs. A.
Merrill's Faster and Faster. J. H. Perrigo's Santa
Bella vs. W. Creamer's Regent, Alameda ken
nel's Alameda vs. M.Culligan's Lady Gladness,
Oak Grove kennel's Eclipse vs. J. if. Perrigo's
Longfellow, J. Moffat's Molly Bawn vs.
P. Maime's Lady O X, J. T. Smart's
Seminole vs. M. Traynor's May Tea Boy,
Alameda kennel's Sail Joaquin vs. Laurel
wood kennel's Eldridge; P. Gorman's King
ston vs. D. Dillon's Lady Fitzgerald; 1). Dun
lea's Sweeper vs. T. Tracy's London ; H. M. M.
Spring's Bill Nye vs. J. F. Grace's Roll Along;
P. J. Kelley's Fleetfoot vs. T. McDonald's Lis
sak; J. Wren's Rapid vs. T. J. Cronan's Reli
ance; W. Roger's Sly Boy vs. T. Tracy's Glad
stone; T. J. Cronan's Rosie B. vs.. J. T. Smart's
Joe Bowers; J. G. Thompson's King Cob vs. T.
Sullivan's Kilkenny Girl; T. Sullivan's Little
Tom vs. West Side kennel's Lady Campbell.
John Grace will judge and J. F. Grace will
handle the slins. The prizes '> are: First
•?40; second, (125; third, $15: fourth and fifth,
* 10 each.
HANDBALL.
First-Class Players Who Will Meet
In the San Francisco Court.
The following handball games will take
place at P. Ryan's San Francisco bail
court on Sunday: .
I. O'Brien and P. Ryan against J. Rodgers
and M. M. McNeil; P. Kelly and J. Slattery
against P. Hutchinson and James Nelson; J.
bite and M. wards against R. Murphy and
U. Re-ran; .1. Sweeney and M. Callahan aijainst
F. Donohue and C. Carroll; J.Condon and M.
Dillon against J. Lawless and G. Hutchinson.
Why tho Chinese Were Defeated.
The examinations for officers in the Chi
nese army still, as from time immemorial,
consisted in firing from a bow on horse
back and in lifting heavy weights, while
the greater number of their soldiers were
still armed with bows and arrows, and
with huge spears resembling pitchforks.
Their main trust, even in the recent war,
was in the heavy "gingall." firing a ball
of about half a pound weight from a brass
piece held 0:1 the shoulders of two men.
That this should be possible while their
arsenals at Kiagnan, Nanking or Tientsin
were capable of taming out 4.7-seccnd
quick-firing guns, Maxims, improved Lee-
Mitfprd, and other rifles in use in modern
arm:es shows clearly that no attempt has
oeen made to grasp the meaning of mod
ern warfare.— Vice-Admiral Hon. Sir Ed
mund R. Fremantle, in the Forum.
About five years are required before
leeches attain a state of maturity. While
■very young they are quit- unfit" for medi
cal purposes, 'i bey are caught in various
ways, by the hand or by persons wading
■ii the shallow waters during the spring of
.he year, when they adhere to the naKed
legs; but in summer, as they have retired
to deep water, a raft of twigs and bushes is
constructed by which a few are entangled.
MAT JUMPS
THREE POINTS,
Another Lively Day on
'Change and a Boom
Is Expected.
PRICES MAY REACH $1.5.0.
About 425,000 Tons in the State,
and Australia Will Need
Half of That.
THE PROFIT TO CALIFORNIA.
Net Gain of $1,500,000 From the Rise
Already— The Effect on Busi
ness in General.
Wheat is still rapidly going up. It was
worth less than a cent a pound in the mar
ket about a month ago. Yesterday it was
quoted at $1 IT ' per 100 pounds, and it
would not be a surprise to anybody if the
price should immediately jump to $1 50.
An indication of the condition of the mar
ket is shown by the closing quotations on
May wheat during the week:
Friday SI IT 1 '
Thursday 1 14'g
"Wednesday 1 14'
Tuesday 1 11
Monday 1 09%
The slock of wheat in California to-day
is about 425,000 tons. The earnings of the
State since Monday, therefore, by the ad
vancement of the market prices, are
$637,500. During the month the gain has
been nearly $1,500,000.
If the prediction of a rise to $1 50 is real
ized, which is possible if not probable, the
rise in value from a month ago will bring
to the State a net profit of §4,225,000.
Of the wheat now in the State Australia
may need 200,000 tons, and even more. It
is commonly rumored on 'Change that
McNear has already bought up one-third
at least of this, and the present rise keeps
him on the broad grin.
The stock, if Australia takes 200,000 or
250.000 tons, will bo hardly enough to run
the State through to the next crop, which
comes forward next July, and that circum
stance gives the impetus to the boom.
Ah official bulletin of the shippers re
carding wheat is as follows: " !
While the comparative failure of Australia to
secure much if any surplus of wheat above her
own requirements was a severe blow to that
country it has been a perfect godsend to the
I'aeific Coast, which, with a large sunply to
carry along, had merely the prospect of an or
dinary market in Europe, relieved somewhat
at the time the Australian inquiry developed,
by promised drought, which has since been
entirely dissipated by ample and extended
rains. To digress a moment, the outlook for
the present is quite reassuring so far as this
State is concerned for a large wheat area, and
a proportionate yield should the weather re
main favorable. 7<*.v 137T7;T
There has, of course, been much idle talk
about the farmers' poverty preventing liberal
seeding, but this will not stand ior an instant
against such logic as is afforded by an excep
tional price for wheat, and the necessity of the
banks standing by the farmer if the reward for
a long spell of disaster is to be secured.
It is said, in fact, that the banks have already
been induced to aid the farmer to put himself
in line for such fortune as the next season may
have in store for those who own wneat, a policy
which certainly seems only rational under the
circumstances, as recent papers from Australia
estimated tnat 200,000 tons of wheat would
be required there, and that this coast would be
expected to furnish it.
Naturally the largest possible credit and
authority was given this view of the situation,
and since then radicalism has been the rule,
prices having advanced in panicky fashion,
while spot material has undergone only a
slignt change for the tetter, although should
the ideas that have controlled the speculative
department be accepted by holders, spot prices
would no doubt respond readily although no
such terms would be warranted by the English
market. './{/-"A-
For Australian shipment $1 22] 2 ' is the out
side price, for the English market $1 11^ is a
full rate, allowing for a decline on freights
and a rise in England. 4 *' m .. >'I . \ . * ._."*— -
The question is, therefore, as to how much
more the Australian movement will influence
prices before shipments to Europe will be in
terfered with. r.7/- : ---i.:AV. 77*777
Another item that may not be overlooked
with safety is the scarcity of the grade of wheat
required by Australia. 'Will that country ex
tend her favor to such qualities as are em
ployed without question in making up on
European cargo ?
Taking for granted that this will be bo, that
the amount required will be 150,000 tons, and:
the present rate of export to England is unin
terrupted, then unquestionably there will be
no excuse for stock-taking June 1, for there
will be no stock. This is a specimen of the
reasoning which is now applied to the situa
tion, and it fully explains the feverish state
of the market and general uncertainty.
Since the Australian demand became a
factor, 24,227 tons have been dispatched to
that market and 7622 tons have gone to South
Africa. Of course, there is no saying just what
the demand from Australia will amount to,
but the fact is anparen - ; that misrepresenta
tion is not required to establish a legitimate
belief that wheat is good property, and that
prices are likely to remain for some time at a
level that will mean millions of dollars gain to
this coast.
From last report 558,271 centals of wheat
have been shipped, making 7,294,470 for the
reason to date, against 4,930,061 for the same
time last season.
The decrease in the visible supply for the
weekended January 20 was 947,000 bushels,
while clearances of wheat and flour from At
lantic ports had decreased 127,424 bushels
and 23,957 barrels respectively. ," Indian ship
ments to the United Kingdom for the same
period had expanded 10,000 quarters, while
they had fallen off' looo to the Continent.
Wheat and flour on passage to. the United
Kingdom and the Continent having meantime
advanced 40.000 quarters in the first case and
declined 150,000 in the second. Imports of
flour and wheat into the United Kingdom for
the week ended on the 20th were 97,000 bar
rels and 52,000 quarters less respectively than
for the preceding week, while farmers' de
liveries for the week closed on the 18th were
318,000 quarters at 25s \ lOd, against 235,000
at 25s 4d for tho preceding week. , ; '-//■
Australia wants' only -the. best grade of
wheat, and is willing to pay any price for
it, the dealers say. '■". England takes" what
is called the "No. 1 wheat" when it buys
from California. A better grade of wheat,
the "extra choice," is kept here, because
England will not pay ; what the dealers de
mand, but there is no wheat too good for
the Australians. ' 7
Australia also wants a very fine grade of
oats just now, demanding the best In the
world, and the island would buy immense
amounts if California had the oats to offer.
The rise in wheat; based on a strong
market demand that must be sustained,
means immediate prosperity' for the ; grow
ers, even though the growers get no direct
share of the • merchants' profit on the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.
wheat holdings. Confidence is estab
lished, and the farmer can get good credit.
The country merchant is carrying : the
farmer, and the country merchant is car
ried by theVity merchant. The latter gets
better accommodations at the banks while
the conditions are as favorable as tbey are
now, and in this way benefits of the wheat
rise extend all over "the State.
M. HUGHES STABBED.
An UuknowwD Man Makes a Deadly
Assault on the ex-Poli
tician.
Martin Hughes, formerly deputy under
J. J. McDade, was the victim of a peculiar
assault last Saturday morning and as a
result is confined to his bed.
About 2 o'clock in the morning Mr.
Hughes, who lives at 265 Octavia street,
was walking down Oak street, and when
near the corner a man stepped suddenly
from behind a tree and brushed heavily
against him. Mr. Hughes had his over
coat on his right arm, but as quickly as
possible transferred it to the other mem
ber and then reached for his gun. The
fellow * seeing the action ran down the
street, soon disappearing in the darkness.
Mr. Hughes thought nothing more of
the adventure until he arrived home and
began to prepare for bed. To his amaze
ment and consternation his clothes were
covered with blood, and a closer examina
tion disclosed a cut in the abdomen an
inch and a half long.
The wounded man thinks the fellow
mistook hjm for some one else and after
the first thrust discovered his error. The
assault has not been reported to the
police. :/a>
TO PROVE A CONSPIRACY.
Captain Healy's Attorney Cross-
Examining Witnesses on
That Line.
It Is Said to Have Been Formed Among
the Young Officers in the
Bering Sea.
The inquiry into the charges preferred
against Captain Michael Healy of the
revenue cutter Bear by some of the officers
of the Bering Sea patrol fleet was resumed
in the rooms of the Lighthouse Board, in
the Appraiser's building, yesterday. All
the proceedings are taken down in long
hand, and in consequence everything
moves along very slowly. Only three wit
nesses were examined yesterday, and they
simply retold the stories that have been
circulated about the accused. The testi
mony so far has been very circumstantial,
but some of the witnesses have shown so
much personal animosity to the accused
in telling their story that their evidence
has really done him more good than
harm. 7pi\
Barclay Henley, who appears for Cap
tain Healy, has confined himself in cross
examining the witnesses to attempting to
show that there was a conspiracy formed
while the fleet was north to "down" the
commander of the Bear. It is said to
have been led by Lieutenant Daniels of the
Bear and Assistant Engineer Dorey of the
Grant, and was joined by other young offi
cers of the fleet. Daniels was recalled
yesterday and questioned on this point.
H e indignantly denied that any such com
bination ever was formed, and said the
only reason why a complaint was for
warded to Washington was Captain
Healy's continued unofficerlike conduct.
- The first witness of the day was Lieuten
ant Ross of the cutter Richard Rush. His
testimony was mainly connected with the
time when the fleet was at Unalaska.
During the stay of the Bear, according to
Ross, Captain Healy got hilarious and
walked off the end of the wharf. lie was
rescued with some difficulty. Henley
tried to get the witness to admit that it
was an accident that precipitated the cap
tain into the bay, but Ross stuck to his
story. I-'.
Captain Hooper, late of the cutter Cor
win, but now detailed for special duty on
this coast, was the next witness. He told
of the scene on the British warship Pheas
ant, when Lieutenant Daniels was ordered
to leave the cabin and return to the Bear.
Captain Tozier of the cutter Grant also
gave his version of the same story and
under cross-examination they admitted
that there might have been extenuating
circumstances in the situation. The fact
of the matter seems to be that all who
were present on that occasion were in a
more or less good humor.
After Daniels had been cross-examined
the court adjourned until Monday. The
prosecution expects to get its case in about
the middle of next week, and then Cap
tain Healy will call his witnesses. There
will be a delegation from the crew of the
Bear, whose testimony will flatly contra
dict that of the officers, it is said. Then
there will: be captains of sealers and
whalers who have known the captain of
the Bear for years, who have met him in all
kinds of Arctic weather; representatives
of ;;the Pacific Steam Whaling Company,
Alaska Commercial Company. North
American Commercial Company, Lynde &
Hough Company, all of whom will testify
as to what they know of Captain Healv
during the past ten years. At the present
rate "of progress the trial is therefore liable
to last a month. .■-.■•£ Pzp : '■_■„-.
"A NIGHT Wl' BURNS."
The St. Andrew's Society Celebrates
the Poet's Birthday.
. St. Andrew's Society celebrated the one
hundred and thirty-seventh anniversary
of the birth of Robert Burns in the happy
fashion that characterizes all the social
undertakings of the organization.
Scottish Hall on Larkin street was
crowded with bonnie Scots— lads and
lasses, old and young — early in the even
ing to enjoy the literary and musical en
tertainment that went to make up the first
part of the programme. Rev. Dr. H. C.
Hinton, professor in the University at San
Anselmo, was the orator of the, evening.
His address, however, held the place on a
long and varied programme.
Andrew Wilkie, president of the
society, presided. A duet, "Bonnie Doon,"
was sung by the Misses Ethel and Jennie'
Graham of  Los Angeles. Mr. Walter
Campbell sang "Scots Wha Hae" in a man
ner that made every Scot present his last
ing friend and admirer. For encores he
sang "There's Na Land Like Scotland,"
"Thursday," etc. Miss Lula Hickok gave
a select recitation and provoked an encore.
Miss Ethel Graham - sang "Coming Thro'
the Rye." "Flow Gently, Sweet Afton,"
was sung by Thomas W. Breen, and then
Professor F. D. Findlay of Portland, Ore
gon, «in costume, danced the "Sailors' "
and "Liverpool" hornpipes. Secretary
Robert Park sung "Bonnie' Wee Thing"
and W. C. Cook "A Man's a Man for a'
That." Miss Eva Fenners sane "Bonnie
Sweet Bessie" and for an encore "Robin
Adair." ..-*..
"Willie Brew'd a Peck o' Maut" was
sung as a trio by Messrs. Robert Duncan,
Robert. Park and George St. J. Bremner.
Rev. Dr. Hinton was then introduced, and
delivered a very entertaining address on
Burns and his country and times.
The floor was then cleared, and to the
music of Gregg's orchestra the -guests
danced the hours away until after mid
night.
A strange story comes from the Gold
Coast of a race of white men, with light
hair and blue eyes, dwelling in, caves to
the northeast of the Goranza country,
through which the Ashantee expedition is
to march. '
LEVINGSTON'S STANDING
Attorney Pierson Argues That j
an Executor Cannot Con- j
test a Will.
D. M. DELMAS' CONTENTION.
Judge Slack Has Taken the Knotty
Problem Under Advisement.
. The Teachers' Fund.
The argument on the demurrer to the !
petition of Dr. Marc Levingston to enter a
contest of the Fair will of September 21
was resumed in Judge Slack's court yes
terday afternoon by Attorney Pierson of
Pierson & Mitchell, who represent the four
trustees appointed by that will. •
He took up the authorities cited last
week by Mr. Delmas of Delinas & Short
ridge, who represent Dr. Levingston, and
declared that not one of . them was appli
cable to the single point at issue, which
was: Is Dr. Marc Levingston, the peti
tioner, a person qualified 1 under the Cali
fornia statute to contest a will? In other
words, was the petitioner an interested
person— that is, one interested in the will?
Mr. Pierson argued that this question
could only be answered in the negative,
because the statute pointed out who were
the interested persons, legatees and devi
sees. An executor was not an interested
person, and could not enter the contest of
• a will. Particularly was this true of an
executor of an unprobated will. To
hold to the contrary would open
wide the doors for those who sought
only to tie up an estate in a long
contest of litigation. The proper pro
cedure was, he held, to let the will just
filed go to probate, and then, should that
be admitted, the second will could be en
tered for probate, and if that were admit
ted it would mean the revocation of the
piobate of the first will. *■ 7'
Mr. Delmas declared that this would be
a most unfair procedure. Because the pe
titioners, of the first will, with unseemly
haste, had been at the clerk's office early
in the morning after the death with their
will and their petition to have it probated,
they did not thereby acquire any vested
riirhts nor precedence over a will "of later
date. The counsel had spoken of the.pos
sibility of the will proposed by Dr. Lev
ingston being a forgery; it was by no
means admitted that the will entered by
the four trustees was authentic and genu
ine. These were questions for the court to
decide, and they should be decided at one
and the same time, with neither prefer
ence nor precedence to either. Suppose
both wills had been filed simultaneously?
It-could not then be argued that the docu
ment of earlier date should be probated
before the second and supposedly last will
was considered. And should the fact that
the proponents of the first will had suc
ceeded in filing their petition a little earlier
in this case act as a bar or deterrent against
the second and last will aud rob its propo
nents of their equity in the case or post
one the hearing of their contest? Mr.
elmas thought the court would not so
decide.
The whole argument of Mr. Delmas may
be summed up in this proposition: Being
named a3 executor in the will of Septem
ber 24, 1894, Dr. Levingston had the un
doubted right to present that will, alleging
ii to be the last will of.the decedent. This
is conceded on all hands. And since that
will revoked all former wills, the right to
maintain that it was the last will, which
is conceded by all to Dr. Levingston, neces
sarily involves the right to maintain that
the will of the 21st of September (which is
prior in date) has been revoked and is not
the last will. The right to maintain the
will of the 24th as the last will is, there
fore, a right to oppose the. claim that the
will of the 21st is the last will.
As to the amended petition in the matter
of the schoolteachers' trust fund. Mr. Del
mas was granted five days in which to file
: an amendment.
Then the question on the demurrer to
the petition of Dr. Marc. Levingston was
submitted to the court.
DEFENDING THEIR HOMES
The Noe Valley People Will
Fight the Suits Brought ;
Against Them.
How "The Call's" Exclusive Informa-
Rtion Published Last Wednesday
Was Received.
The Noe Valley Defense Association was
jubilant at its regular Friday evening
meeting at the corner of Twenty-third and
Douglass streets last night. ''/■ -7*
The principal business done was the re
port of the executive committee, W. B.
Curtis, James P. Twohey, C. Stadler, S. J.
Theisen, M. F. Taylor, E. J. Banning, who
had been sent out to solicit funds for the
purpose of defending their property in the
suit brought against them by the repre
sentatives of the Noe estate.
The assessment to this fund had been
fixed at $1 50 per lot, which gave the con
tributor a membership in the club and his
property an ample defense in the coming
suit. The committee reported that it had
received donations from 310 lots of the 500
required, making a total of $465 to the
fund. The only difficulty they had met
with -was that everybody within the
bounds of San Miguel rancho had read of
the existence of Judge Norton's decree
made in 1860, barring any further suits by
the Noes, and published exclusively in
The Call of January 22.
"They all take the San Francisco Call,"
said a committeeman, "and have read
last Wednesday's account of the suit lost
by the Noe heirs thirty-five years ago and
the clincher that the Judge put upon his
decision. Many of them are satisfied from
the good news that they are safe and need
not pay any attention to Attorney Kos
cialowski's summons. We explain to them
that while we consider the result of the
former case decidedly in our favor, still we
are not going to rest all our hopes on the
old decree, but go ahead and make our de
fense until this case is thrown out of
court."
In the main the committee found no
great difficulty in its canvass of the terri
tory, and stated that in all ' probability
much more than the amount needed would
be raised. . Out of the $750 to be raised
from the 500 lots, $500 would be used as a
fee to Attorneys - Lane and Lane, who
would take the case through the Superior
and. Supreme courts, if : necessary. The
remainder of the fund would be used for
trial expenses. ..: '/ .
.-. There are . about 6500 defendants, of
which six have been frightened into sell
ing their claims to the plaintiffs for small
sums, ranging from, slo to $30, being 2%
per cent of one-half of the assessed valua
tion, as the present Noe heirs only claim
a half of the old rancho. -
President W." B. Curtis questioned The
Call representative present regarding the
Norton decree in the Boric vs. Noe case,
and stated that , the publication of the
news, was, glad tidings to the several
thousand people whose little homes were
menaced.
"It is a good piece of > work," be said,
"and The. Call has the thanks of the en
tire community interested in this case."
To the members of the association Mr.
Curtis said: "While we hail the good news
MANAGER CHICAGO JOURNAL
lllf-lllnULll UiliurluU JUUEIifHL.
Col. F. C. Pierce Was Made a Well Man by
Paine's Celery Compound.
*"*""" ■"•■—>•»— — — . ~~'~ aan " M ' . . ,
At the door of every newspaper office i
might be posted the general order— Rush! j
The busiest concerns in the busiest '
streets are sluggards compared with these I
newsgathering hives where human fingers
and brains are matched to keep up with
machinery. U-7- ;.K: ■/:
The brunt of this fatiguing mental
strain, unavoidable in getting out one of
the big city dailies, for example, the Chi- i
cago Evening Journal, falls on its busi-
ness manager— in the case of this oldest
daily. in Illinois, Colonel Frederick C.
Pierce.
Colonel Pierce is one of the busiest men
in Chicago, a city of early and late work-
ers. Brain workers in every profession
will thank Colonel Pierce for the following
statement recently made by him :
"For several years I have been troubled
with sick headache, caused by constipa-
tion; otherwise I have always been in per-
fect health, and never sick but for two
that all suits against us are forever barred,
we must not sit down believing that boric
thirty-five years ago won our case for us
and that we need pay no attention to any
summons now. .
"This case, is in the courts now and we
must fight it out of the courts. We must
not risk our property upon a decree of
long ago simply to save $1 50 apiece.
That's not business. There is no doubt
that The Call's. information puts our case
in a more favorable light, but we must go
right on as we ara doing and fight till the
courts throw the case overboard as they
will surely do.
"The San Francisco Call has been loyal
to our cause through all this question,
and its good news we heartily appreciate."
•In conclusion, by. a rising" vote, it was
ordered that the thanks ot the association
be extended to all the City* newspapers in
return for the kind notices tney had
given the Noe Valley people.
ALTSCHUL TO RESUME.
The Crockery . Firm Will Settle* at'
VTweiity-Five Cents on the
**0 v.- *;" Dollar. ..
The crockery business of L. Altschui &
Co. of 422 Sansome street, that went into
the hands. of , a receiver a few days ago
with liabilities at $18,000, will be resumed
by the firm, the intimate friends of Leo
pold Altschui having offered to advance
enough money for a temporary cash settle
ment of 25 cents on the dollar.
Such is the arrangement that has been
agreed to by the creditors after an investi
gation of the stock made by their special
committee' appointed last Tuesday for
that purpose. It was estimated that the
goods in the store would, at a forced sale,
bring $4000,; ' : ,*V •
It will not be necessary for Altschui
to raise one-fourth of the $18,000, as part of
the total amount is owed in personal debts
that he will not be pressed for. About
$3000 will be sufficient to meet the present
obligation. .■■•'".■' '-%.'...*.-
As soon as all the creditors shall have
indorsed the agreement the old firm will
displace the assignee now in charge.
Nearly all of the local creditors have
already signed, and several of the Eastern
creditors, through their agents here, have
consented to. the terms. . ■:!
Polydore Virgil ascribes the invention of
Churcn bells, to Pope Sabinian, St. Greg
ory's successor; but by mistake, for St.
Jerome, contemporary with Paulinus,
makes mention of one. In effect, Pope
Sabinian did not invent bells, but he was
the first to appoint the canonical hours to
be distinguished by them. ';. •* -
NEW TO-DAY.
We hold over
7000 letters
from Eminent Doctors
PROVING
THE IDEAL TONIC
Body
To Fortify and
 '//..AP. Brain
Mailed Free.
I Descriptive "Book with Testimony and :
1 Portraits |
i OF. NOTED CELEBRITIES. \
Beneficial and Agreeable.. ->- . . ;P-
Every Test Proves Reputation,
Aroid i Sobstltiitloni."-. Auk for ' Tin Bariaai.*
•- At Druggists and Fancy Grocers.
; MARIANI & CO., ; .
Pi.li : 41 Bd. H»u?sn,ann. 52 W. 15th St., Torlc.
A*****: 23» Oxtoiii Street.
j weeks in my life. This sick headache has
I been very annoying. I have taken a num-
I ber of different medicines which have been
I used and recommended by others, but not
uutil I took Paine's celery . compound did
I find any relief. T7/T .
"This season I took one bottle and was
not troubled with headache for at least six
months. Since that time I have kept the
medicine in the office and used it occa-
| sionally, and have not been troubled with
headache since.
"I have recommended it to a number of
my friends, who have been benefited as I
have. For a person who is disposed to
constipation.it is unquestionably one of
the best medicines that there is on the
market to-day. Very respectfullv,
"F. C. PIERCE,
"Business Manager Chicago Evening Jour-
nal."
A black cloud is no surer indication of
an approaching storm \f,han persistent
headaches are of dangerous debility.
There is no one specific that can perma-
t RAILROAD TRAVEL:
smfrimisco&mrthlpl
CIFIC RAILWAY co.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40. 9:20, 11:00 a.m.: 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra' trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUXDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:50,
5:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— B:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. **.•
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 P. M. and 6:35 p. it. *
SUNDAYS- 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. ->' ■_:,.-■■
Leave Tnpffer-t *-* Arrive
San Francisco. Oct? 28. San Francisco.
Week sin- i, es 1 t fnf,', on Sun- I ™'
Days, j days, destination. DAY3 j d ays . I
7:40 am i 8:00 am j Novato, 1 10:40 ax I 8:50 am
3:80 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, ! 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 mi 6:15 pm
_____ .
Fulton,
7:40 am j .. " Windsor, 10:30 am
Hcaldsbnrg,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm;8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 6:15 pm
— j, leta> ~ —
I. . Pieta, <fc
'Hopland <fc \
8:00 am "Ukiah. I 7:30 pm| 6:15 PM
7:40 AMI ~~- y, j '- r - 10:30 am
j 8:00 am Guerneviile. I 7:30 pm
3:30 pm| ' I j j 6:15 PM
7:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 5:00 PM! and I 6:05 6:15
. i Glen Ellen. |
7:40 am 1 8:00 sebastonoL.l lo - AM 10:30 am
3.30 pm j 5 :00 pm! * 3e - J< * stopoU | 6:05 . 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Bafael ior Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at TJkiah for Vichy Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto. Willetts, Calpella, Pomo, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San P.ufael at half rates.
Tirk-*- , Offlc< s, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, P.. X. AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic •^ten
Trains leave from and arrive tV^^^^^^^x
at Market-Street Ferry. C^^^^^^Tam
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago \
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis.
CHICAGO LIMITED, '
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
, Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
under Harveys management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at '" a. m. and 3:30 p. m. dally.
The best railway I from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars. ■ •■.■-•--.■
.i Ticket Office— o44 market Street,
; Chronicle Building. !
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
-.. - ''— , (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Vcl'.ev and San Rafael— 7:3o, 9:15, 11:00
a.m.: 1:45, 3:45, 6:15, 6:30 p.m.
San Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 a. M.; 1:45, 6:16 p. m.
Extra trips for San Bafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays a* 11:30 p. M.
' : --' .- SUNDAYS. •'■- ■ ■ -
For Mill Valley, Bau Rafael and San Quentin—
8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. M. ; 1:30, 4:30, *6:15
p.m. '"Joes not run to Sau Quentin.
■ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a.m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
1 :45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes ana way stations.
nently cure headaches unless it goes to the
seat of the trouble. That great nerve and
brain restorer, Paine's celery compound,
does get rid of them and leaves no chance
for their return, because the deep-seated
cause— the weakened nervous system— at
last is supplied with the food it has so
sadly felt the need of. . 7 v :-*' ;
The best physicians in every city in this
\ country prescribe Paine'3 celery com-
j pound where a rapid building up of the
I system is imperative. As an invigorator
i in cases of nervous exhaustion, sleepless-
| ness and a poor state of the blood it is the
| mainstay of the ablest practitioners
j throughout the United States.
A mere glance at the faces of weak, nerv-
**
ous, run-down persons after they have be-
gun to use this greatest of all remedies
shows how rapid is the nourishing effect
of Paine's celery compound.
There are thousands upon thousands
i well to-day because they used Paine's cel-
! ery compound.
RAILROAD TRAVEL .
SOVTHKRS fACIFIC CO*JH»A**rr. '
(rACIFIO SYSTEM.)
Train* leave- and are <lu« to urrlre at
SAN IK.4X<I*»!O.
LEAVE — From NovEMBgR 20, 1805. — ARPjyi
C:3oa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations.. 10:1
7:00 a Atlantic l"ipref3, Ogden and Last.. . 8:43r
7:00a Benicia, Vacafille. Rnmsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7:13*
7:30a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:1
8::tOA Nilcs, Sau Jose, Stocltton, lone,
Sacramento, Marj'&ville. Red Blull
and Sundays excepted 0i0T111e.... 4 : 1 tp
•9:30.v Peters and Milton - •7:13p
9:OOa San Leandro, Hay wards & Way St'ns 11:13a
9:OOaLos Angeles Express, Raymond, ;*; :-
(for Yosemitc), Santa llarbara '
and Los Angeles 4:45p
9:00a Martinez and Stockton 10:43*
10:OO a San Leandro, Kiywtrda and Niles... l:-13r
12:00m San Leandro, Haywards* Way Sfcs 2:45p
l:OOp Nilcs, San Jose and Livermore 8:43a
*I:00p Sacramento Liver Steamers •!»:O0i»
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations '«:'*•***
8:00p San Leandro, Haywardsft Way St'ns 3:4
4:00p San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'ns 6:43r
4:00p Martinez, San Ramon, 'Vallejo,. '-*
Napa, Calistoga, El Verauo and
Santa Rosa 8:13a
4:08* Benicia, Esparto. Woodland,
■* Knights Linding, Msrysville, -- . .
Orovillo and Sacramento 10:43a
4:3oi> *:"ile3, San Jos**, Livermoro . and
Stockton 7:13»
8:00p San Leandrc, Haywards & Way St'ns 8:43p
B:3oi' New Orleans Exprcos.Fresiio.Bakers-
field, Santa Barbara, Angeles,
Deming, El Paso, Now Orleans and
East 19:43a
3:30p Santa Po Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo aud East 10:43 a
6:30p European Mail, Ogden and East.... 0:43a
0:»or Haviviirds, Kil-.su'.id Kan Jose 7:43a
17:00 p Vallejo 17:4Sr
7:00 Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
- villo. Redding, Portland, Pnget
Sound and East 10:43a.
7:00p San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'ns 10:50p
OtOUp SaaLeandro, Hay wards!: Way Stns ) 12:00 a
*10:03p "Sunset Limited." Fresno. Los
..--.y. Angeles, El Paso, New Orleaiis
and East |I*»43*p
ttlltlgT San Leandro. Haywards & Way St'ns 7:134
SANTA V.M'Z DIVISION (Harrow Ban-re).
(t:i:>A Newark, Ceutervillc.'iaii .lose, Felton, *
Boulder Creok, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SiSOi
•2:13p Newark, terville. San Jose, New
Almadcn, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way >
Stations *1 1:20 a
4:15i» Newark, Sau Jose and Los Catos.... 9:50a
il 1:151- Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
:- Way Stations t7:«op
- COAST DIVISIOX (Third .1 Townxenil Six.)
6:40a San Jose an.l Way (Stations ("New
Almadcu Wednesdays only) 1:45*
Sll 5 A Sari .lose. Tres Pinos, Nun Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Rubier, s.ki
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Statious : 7:05*
10:40a Sail Joso and Way Stations 3:00p
11:43a Palo Alto and Way Statious 3:39l
*2:*lOi' San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
Grove *IO:40a
*3::top San Joso and Principal Wsy Stations 9:47a
*4:30p San Jose ami Way Stations *«:OG*
3:3»r San .Tose and Way Stations •9:lh*
C:3op San Jose aud Way Stations 0:33 \
♦11:45p San and Way Statinnw 17:4.-»>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SA'.i FRIKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:1» . . 9:00 11:00a.m. "Jl:20 **2:0O 13:01
•4:00 *B:00 *0:00r.M.
rron OAKIAHD— Foot of Broidwsj.— . *6:00 B*oo
10:00a.m. JI2:CO *1:00 5S:00 «3:00 J4:00
•*is:oor.M. . ■ ■■■■■' ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
tl Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTuesdaya and Saturdays ' Sundays and Thursday***,
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
-OF THE -"■ :.
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL. MIDNIGHT.
i^M/C Vfi!! »°"° Throat, nrnples, Coji^et^^
3IHAVE I UU Colored Spots, Aches, Old jfor«.B|
in Mouth, Halr-Falllng! V, rlto COOftSS
HSESIEDY CO., CO7 Masonic Templecd
111., lor proofs of cures. Capl-^
«JJal, 5500.000. Worst ca&eaeiirco*. in 16M
Mho 35 days. 100-pagc boob free. Jj
■ - ■ ■ ■ : :■ ..rr I". • '•.-/• •,:'
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Times are rapidly getting better.
Wheat continues to rise.
Hogs advanced again.
Higher prices expected for Mutton. • ; r
Reef very firm. ' *
Barley futures advanced.
Oats and Corn quiet, but steady.
Hay inactive. Bran weak.
Beans very dull. -
Flour very strong.
Potatoes quiet. Onions easier.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs still lower.
All Fresh Fruits dull. '." ■■', ". ■':.
Slight imorovement In Fried Fruit trad*.
Provisions unchanged.
Hawaiian Rice weaker.
Turkeys advanced again.
Game in better condition.
Twenty-three failures last week.
"WEATHER REPORT BUREAU.
I'mtko Status Dkiwutment of Annictii/
tike. Wi.iTin.-i RiUKM*, San Francisco, Jan
uary 24. 1896, 5 r. vi.— Weather conditions aud
general cast
Ihe following ."the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of the same date last season:
Eureka . last season 28.73; Red HI 11 ft 10.35,
last season 22.27; San Francisco 9.51, last season
19.66: Fresno 3.14, last season 9.62; San Luis
Obispo 9.94, last season 20.44: Los Angeles 4.19,
last season 11.19: San Diego 2.30, last season 9.51;
Yuma .32, last season 2.92.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperaturo 54,
minimum 44, mean 49.
An area of low pressure has appeared off the
coast of Oregon and Washington, and at this hour
it is raining at Eureka. Roseburg and Fort Canby.
The pressure has fallen more than four-tenths of
an Inch during the past twelve hours along the
Washington coast, and there is every indication of j
a southeast storm. An ana of high pressure is I
central tonight over Eastern Montana and North
Dakota. The temperature has remained stationary
over the entire Pacific section except at Eureka,
where i: has risen 8 degrees within the past twelve
hours. Tho river at Sacramento is 25.4 feet, a rise
of half a foot in the pas; twenty-four hours. It is
Bow very near its crest, and, if no rain falls, will
probably negln to fall Saturday afternoon. The
tributaries are already falling.
storm southeast signals are displayed from San
Francisco north along the California coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco tor thirty hours
ending midnight January '-'.">. 1896:
Northern California— Rain Saturday; high south-
easterly winds.
Southern California -- Cloudy and threatening
weather: southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather and rain In the north
western portion Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday .
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weather
and probably rain Saturday: high southeast winds.
A. McAdie, Local Forecast Official, j
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., .lan. 24.— stock market
displayed more life and animation to-day and the
temper of speculation was decidedly more bullish
than of late. The improvement was the result of
the easier condition of the local money market, the
fact that no gold was taken for shipment to
Europe to-morrow and the more pacific political
outlook. Quotations from London for American
securities came higher and buying orders were re
ceived from that center, all of which contribute
to the rise here. There were free purchases to
cover short contracts and also a liberal sprinkling
of baying orders for the long account.
In the early trading efforts were made to break
tobacco and other specialties, hut while the former
yielded a point it subsequently advanced twice as
much. The rise in the remainder of the list was
equal to yi@3 per cent, and although the dealings
were not large in the aggregate they were better
distributed than of late. The favorable statement
of the St. Paul for the third week of January
helped all the granger stocks, and the anthracite
coalers were strengthened by the efforts making
by the presidents to secure better rates for coal.
Baltimore and Ohio rose 3: Delaware and Hud
son, 2; Jersey Central, 1"" ; Reading, %; Manhat
tan, 1%: Lake Shore. iy 8 : St. Paul and North
west, H4 each: Burlington and Qnincy, 1%:
Louisville and Nashville, 1%; Western Union and
Chicago Gas, 1% percent. The special feature of
' the Industrial group was Sugar, which on pur
chases presumably for inside account advanced
from 103 to 105 1 4, closing at the top notch. Total
sales were 152.000 shares.
Bonds were higher. Sales were $1,236,000.
Reading firsts preferred rose . . 8 to Vi; do sec
onds. "-•! to 17: do thirds, *"4 to 1414: do general
fours certificates, 1t077: CO unstamped, 214 to
89: Kansas Pacific consol sixes. 1 to 71: Bock
Island debenture fives, 1 to 94; Union Pacilicsink
ing fund, 11.4 to 92%.
In Government bonds 91000 registered fours of
1907 brought 108, and $9000 do coupons
109%@110.
('rain.
FLOUR — Firm: moderate demand. Winter
Wheat, low grades. $2 30@2 70; do fair to fancy.
$2 SO*3 45: do patents, $3 45®3 80; Minnesota
clear. $2 50@3 15; do Straits. $3@3 40; do patents,
$3 20te4 20: low extras. $2 ;-o(g,'-' 80; City Mills.
*4®4 10: do patents. ."14®4 25. Rye mixture, $3 40
@3 80; superfine. $2®2 20. southern flour— Quiet,
steady; common to fair extras, 92 30*2.2 90; good
to choice do, **3®3 20. Bye flour— Quiet, steady,
$2 40@2 85. Buckwheat flour, $1 25.
BUCKWHEAT— 39c elevator; 40c delivered.
CORNMEAL— Quiet: yellow Western, 25® j
2 30: Brand y wine. 92 25.
RYE— Nominal.
BARLKY— Nominal: No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, 39@40c.
BARLEY MALT— Nominal.
WHEAT— Fairly active, stroneer. No. 2 red, store
and elevator, 74c: afloat, 751,4; ungraded red,
69®69%c; No. 1 northern. 74c.
Options opened weak and declined %c on foreign
selling and realizing and advanced %®l%c, and
closed strong at l@iy 8 over yesterday", with a fair
trade: May and July most active. No. 2 red, Jan
uary, and' February, 7*.'"4 c; March, 73c; May,
71c; June and July, 70y 2 c. • -.-.*.'
CORN— DuII, firm: No. 2, 36c elevator: 37c afloat.
Options were dull and linn at l 'a*4C advance
following the West. May only traded in. January,
February and May, 36c; July, 37", fee
OATS— Quiet, steady. Options, dull, firmer. 1
January and February, 24% c; May, 25V4C (los- j
ing prices: No. 2. 24%@24%c: No. 2 white. 25c; I
No. 2 Chicago. 26"Vs®'25 Vic: No. 3, 23Vc: No. 3
white. 24- i v: mixta Western. 24V«@26y,c; white I
State, 25tt'28c
FEED BRAN— 6O@62%c.
Provisions.
BEEF-Quiet, steady, $10®12. Beef hams, inac
tive, $15 50. Tierced beef, . quiet, steady: city
extra* India mers. $15®17; cut meats, quiet;
pickled bellies, sVß@3Vic; do shoulders, 434 c
@sc;do hams, Sl&igbc.
LARD— Quiet: western steam, $6: city. $5 50;
January. .*.*> 95; refined, quiet; Continent. $6 25:
Month America, "*6 60: compound, $4 76®5.
PORK— yuiei, steady. . - ...- ..---..
BUTTER— Fane- , re -mery. firm; fair demand:
Fta-e dairy, 16@19c: do creamery, 15@19c:
Western, creamery. 15@20V",c;do June.l4@lßV2C:
do factory. 9@16y 2 c: Elglns, 20"^ 2 imitation
creamery. rolls. 9®l4c.
EGGS — Firm, moderate demand; Slate and
Pennsylvania, 17y2@18y.c: Southern, 16@17c;
icehouse, 14@14"y^c; Western fresh, 16Vi@l7v c;
limed, 14c. '"
TALLOW— Steady ; City.*3%c; eountrv,r4@4l/i.c.
COTTONSEED OIL-Quiet; Crude. 24>Ae: yel
low, prime. s@29c : do off grades. 27V 2 ®2Bc.
ROSIN— DuII; Strained, common to good, 91 60
©1 65. 6
TURPENTINE— Quiet, easy; 31<*D31* -.a
POTATOES— Quiet, steady; Sweets, ?2r<-i4 75.
RlCE— Steady. .-. Domestic . lair to extra, 3®
6-'< 4 - ; Japan, 3s/ @4c.- **
MOLASSES— Unchanged.
COFFEE— Easy,- 35 to 26 points down; Feb
ruary, $13: March, $12 80; May, 912 45; July
$12 05: September,- $11 f.o@ll 55; October,
911 40: occcmbcr, $11 35. Spot Rio, dull, steady •
No. f.13%C ' • ...
SUGAR— Raw, quiet, steady fair refining 3sr-
centntugals, 96 deg. test, 3" 8 c Refined, quiet,
l-16c tower: No. 6 and ' 7. 4 5- 16 c; No. 9
4 3-1604 Vfee; No. 11. 4c: No. 12, 3 3-16 c: No. 13.
B%i . oft A, 4y 2 ®43/ 8 c; mold A, 5 3-16,-; standard
A, 4 6-16 c; confectioners' A, 4 13-16 c:' cut loaf
and crushed, 6 9-16 c: powdered and cubes, 5 3-16 -
Granulated, 4 15-16.-.
'.* . . Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA* FRUlTS— Apricots, bags, 9S/ 4
12c. • ""
PEACHES— PeeIed, 1«»95. 15c; do nnpeeled,
1895, 534-481/^: do nnpeeled, 1894, 4yof*fl7c.
PRUNES— tour sizes, nominal, 51/40"""
RAISINS —-Loose Muscatel 3 crown, 3Vi®3yjC*
do do 4-crown. 4@sc. /*■*»*» -/a*-.
. ALMONDS— Payer-shell, ll@12c; do soft-shell.
6®9i c.
WALNUTS-Standard, 6"^@7c; ao soft-shell,
3 raloc. , ,
HOPS— DuII, unchanged. •
WOOL— Firm, fair demand, unchanged.
• - -Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet, unchanged. ' '/• '
COPPER— Quiet; Lake. ?9 75@9 87y».
LEAD— domestic, «3 02 1 "-..I3t3 05.
'UN- Quiet; Straits, $13 06®13 10; plates
moderate demand.
SPELTER— NominaI: domestic. $4.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. . 24. — Liverpool cables
were %d higher this morning, the market for
wheat at Ibis place opening steady to firm, re
sponsive thereto. But business was not large or of
a kind that tends to help prices, so that after a
short period of «teapines3 values declined, which
was considered as a natural reaction . from the
recent strength. An estimate . that stocks m Min
neapolis and Duluth would probably increase not
mote than 500.000 bushels this week was though!
to be an indication that the visible supply would
show a good decrease and was therefore a strength
ening feature in the market. Receipts at Chicago
were 88 cars and the Northwest had 356. Local
inspections from store amounted to 14,630 bush
els. -Export clearances at the seaboard, partly for
two days, were 398,746 bushels.
A notable , incident of to-day's trading was the
selling of May and July at tne same price, the ele
vator interests offering the latter, freely. Closing
Continental cables] were irregular. The early de
cline in prices was succeeded by a rally which car
ried them to about yesterday's final figures. Dur
ing the last half hour -there was a 'short" scare
and a bulge in prices. A war rumor regarding the
reported Turkey-Russian alliance and the taking
of forty loads of wheat at the : seaboard for export
purposes furnished the basis for the advance.. May
wheat opened at 6"% c. sold between 621,4 c aud
f*Vic, closing at a @64Vic, 13/ ®iy 2 c higher
J than yesterday*. Estimated receipts lor to-morrow
61' cars.
CORN*— Declined early through sympathy with
wheat, and from lack of news calculated to assist
prices. The complaint of restricted business was
applicable in this as in the wheat market. Re
ceipts were 448 cars. There were no withdrawals
from store.. Liverpool cables were quiet and un
changed. A recovery in sympathy with wheat
took place subsequently, and the close was firm at
th<> outside. "Mai- corn opened a: 2014 c, sold be
tween 29i / i@2y3'jc ami 29 ie, closing at the lat
ter. 14c higher ' than yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 445 ease.
OATS— Pursued the direction of theothergrain
markets, deriving their tone and feeling from
them. Trade presented no feature of interest.
Receipts were 147 cars. There were no oats taken
from store. M ay oats closed ".,;!<" l ie higher than
yesterday. Estimated receipts fur to-morrow, 205
cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 93@94c; May, 97®
97%4c Receipts were 29 cars.
PROVISION'S— HoIders of provisions availed
selves oi a favorable opportunity to unload
this morning, and prices owing to tbe pressure of
offerings wore unable to make much headway, al
though the undertone- was strong. Hogs were
higher this morning, that influence tending to firm
product- At the close firmness rated. Slay pork
(■lose. l 2%0 higher. May lard a shade higher, and
May ribs "i%g-0c higher.
Closing: Prices.
WHEAT— January, 60" 4 o: May, B @64Vic:
July, 04" a'ae-li-ic. *
CORN— January, 273/ 8 c; May, 29"'4 c; July,
30*Vifa30%i
OATS— January. 18"4 - May. 20 : "ic.
POKE— Jauuary, $10 40: May. $10 65.
LARD— January-, *5 6"y 9 : May, $5 95: July,
$0 07 y a .
ELTBS- January, $5 10: May, *5 35; July,
$5 45.
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6®7 per
cent on time loans. New York exchange sold at
60c premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 1n.., Jan. 24.— The
receipts of cattle to-day were light but they were
Sufficient for the demand. Prices were steady.
The demand for hogs was good and with a light
supply prices were firm and 5c higher. Trade In
sheep was dull and prices were scarcely more than
steady.
CATTLE — Receipts. 6500. Fancy beeves,*
$4 70@4 80; choice to crime 1303 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 25@4 60; common to medium steers,
950 to 1250 pounds, $3 20(0.3 80; feeders, 900 to
1150 pounds, $3 40@3 85: stockers, 600 to 900
pounds, $2 60@3 60; cows and heifers, extra,
$3 50(^4; bulls, choice to extra. $3@3 65; hulls,
poor to good, $2(0*2 75; cows, fair to choice, *f2 50
@3 40; veal calves, goo.', to choice, sj>s@6 25;
calves, common to good. $3 25@4 75; Texas fed
steers, $3(34 10. Texas bulls and cows. $2 SO®
3 15. --.:■' : py-.i'zA
HOGS— Receipts. 17,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $4(0:4 20; common to choice,
mixed, $3 95@>4 20; choice assorted, $4 15®
4 20; light, $3 95@4 17 Viz: nigs. *3 *>o@4 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000. Inferior to choice,
$2 25(g,3 65; lambs, $3 25@4 65.
DIN'S REVIEW OP TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 24.— R. G. Dun & Co.
report in heir weekly review of trade: Failures
for fifteen days of January have shown liabilities
amounting to $12, 617, against $7,501,209 in
seventeen days of last year and $13,658,990 In
eighteen days of 1894. The failures for the week
have been 373 in the United States, against 363
last year, and 61 in Canada, against 57 last year.
The week has been marked by improvement, ap
parent rather than real. Prices of some products
have risen, but only because supplies are believed
to be smaller than was expected. Prices of pig
iron and billets have risen, but broken iron and
ore have been made dearer not because of any
better demand for finished products.
Money has been easy, but only because more has
men borrowed from Europe at a time when the
actual balance of trade takes money hence to Eu
rope. The • Senate still Injures all business by
doing nothing and the treasury cannot expect to
gain in gold its yet. but losses are less than was
expected. It is generally assumed that the loan
will be placed without difficulty. Business at the
mills does not revive. Payments through clear
ing-houses for the week are 6.5 per cent larger
than last year, but 29.3 per cent less than in 1891,
being less satisfactory than for a long time.
A deluge of foreign reports favorable to wheat
speculation found ready answer in an advance of
over 5c here in spite of Western receipts 60 per
cent larger than last year. Atlantic exports for the
week were also much larger than last year for the
first time in several months, but for the crop year
to date all exports have been about 11.600.000
bushels smaller than last year. The market has
the idea that foreign demands hereafter must be
I much greater because of deficient supplies else
| where, but no one expects that the increase will -be
! at all commensurate with the enormous increase
1 In Western receipts.
Corn advanced because wheat advanced, receipts
land exports continuing as before. Cotton "rose an
eighth, although Mr. Ellison estimated the yield at
seven million baits, and receipts to date support
that estimate, but there are many ho reason that
the surplus will be dangerously small at the end of
the year, even if the yield is seven million bales.
Textile industries do not gain. With materials
practically unchanged, they halt because the de
mand for future delivery is so narrow.
Cotton manufacturers have for months been
storing up goods, but prices have gradually de
clined ever since October, until now the average is
4 per cent lower than at that point. Woollen
I go. ..is also tend lower with small demand, and are
! practically at the prices of a year ago, though wool
I is higher; nor is there anything new in the boot
i and shoe industry, for though hides are about 3V*,
I per cent lower than a fortnight ago leather does
I not change and boots and shoes are but slightly-
I lower.
The iron and steel business finds encouragement
| in the advance of Bessemer pig to 13 at Pittsburg
and grey forge to $11 25, but these are results Of
the advance ordered by combinations in | coke and
ore. Anthracite is not dearer at the fc.ast and
Southern pig is pressed for sale. Finished products
are not stronger, while pigiron has advanced 1.9
per cent since January 11. Prices of finished pro
ducts average 1.7 per cent lower thau at that time.
The 'oma' d is plainly too small for the supply,
and the works in operation are killing the profits
for each other by underbidding. In such a case
lower prices for pig, ore and coke would seem in
evitable: but last year the raw materials hoisted
everything rise, and some expect the operation to
he repeated. While thirteen furnaces in the Pitts
burg region have stopped since January 1 the de
mand for products of iron has not on the whole in
creased, partly because the bar, nail and rail asso
ciations have all refused to lower prices. Minor
metals are all weak. -
BANK CL.EAIUNGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 24.— Bank clearings
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
January 23, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Brad street's:
Percentage
Citiks. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York 9*4. JO* 9.4
Boston 046,916 0.9
Chicago 8.1,318,510 2.3
Philadelphia 68,690,982 8.0
St. Louis 24.375,107 6.1
Pittsburg..., 16,342,8UU 16.4
Cincinnati - 11.5i8,t00 ...... 10.8
Baltimore... 14,613.358 14.9
Bar Franci5c0.. ........ 11,148,732 18.7 ....:.
Kansas City 11.503,976 15.9
New Orleans 11,054,739 2.6
Louisville 6,352,618 6.6
Detroit 6.356,396 8.7 ..
Minneapolis 7.550,8.**8 47.7
Cleveland 6,636,930 12.1
Providence A.. 6,190,400 7.4 ......
MilwauKee 4,692.328 ...... 1.0
Indianapolis 4,256,745 5.4 .
Buffalo 4,314,554 11.9 ..." '.
St. Paul 4,r:96,69L 34.3 .
Omaha 4,581,223 10.3
•Denver.. •'.911,101 ...........
Los Angeles .-.'.. 1, 266,319 26.0 .. ..
Portland. Or 1,094,170 1.8
Tacoma 484,024 97
Seattle ;... 603,027 ...... 12.5
Spokane 543,130 59.2
Totals TJ..B $979,937,447 6.6
Outside of New York
City .'.......... 445.983.138 33 '■
IK) ON OP CAKAOA.
Montreal $10,142,69'" 1.9
Toronto 6,647,251 13.5
Halifax 1,182.608 22.1
Winnipeg 926,536 23.1
Hamilton 768,367 39.6 ......
Totals '.. $19,667,452 6.5
NEW YORK ©TOOK*.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and "Railroad
. Shares.
, Money on call was easy at 3@4%: last loan at 4%
and closing offered at 4"". , Prime mercantile
paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 67c. Mexican dol
lars, 623 c Sterling exchange inactive, with
actual la v. ness in bankers' bills at $4 87*"«(<")4 88
for sixty d*ys ana *4 89*5*4 89 - 4 for demand.
; Posted rates, 54 U6y 2 (dii 89Vi. ' Commercial bills,
$4 86"!4<a4 87*4. Government bonds have been
cieady. state bonds higher: railroad bonds firm.
Silver at the board was neglected.
rxoanra stocks.
Am Tel A Cable.... 93 i Norfolk.* Weir.;. ISA
Atchison 14% Preferred 7' 4
Preferred... 22i,-2 North American... 4y„
Adams "Express.. .l 46. Northern Pucitlc. y 3y„
Alton, Ttrre Haute. 54 I Preferred... A'iyx
A mencan Express. 110 j Norm western. ..... 99
American Tooacco. 76--*8 Preierred.. ......14434
1 Preferred 100 N. Y. Central...... 06-y
Bay State Ga5...... 19 N. Y. Chicago AS. L 13i£
Baltimore & Ohio.. 41 "Vi] Ist preferred 75
Brunswick Lands.. J* 2d preferred 26
i Buffalo. Roch &V. 10y N. Y. AN. H.. ....180
Canada l'aclrtc 61 ,N. Y.ANew Eng. 45
Canada Southern.. 49 IK. V.Snta* W.« 91/,
Canton Land ...60% Preferred......... 26 "
Central Pacific.... 14.-y 0ntari0. ...... ...... 10y,
Ches. A Ohio ...... Ontario A Western. 334
Chicago Alton 108 Oregon Improvmt. 2t,P
Prererrea ...... .170 ! Preferred....... .-—
Chicago, B. A Q. ... 75.%. Oregon Navigation. 12
Chicago <Jfc E. 111... 41*" 4 Oregon Short Line. 5
Preferred....;.... 95 j Pacific Ma 11........ 26
Chicago was 65**4 Peoria. D.A Evans." 3
Cleve A Pittsburg. 158 Pittsburg* W pfd. 18'
Consolidation Coal. MO Pullman Pa1ace.. .153
Consolidated Gas.. 146 Quicksilver .;... lye,
C. C. C. A St. Louis. 353/J Preferred. My.
, Prefer™ ht\.- Reaumg... ......... lOU,
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 27 IRloOrande AWestn 13 "
Preferred 100 Preferred......... 42
Cotton oil Cert.... lb ' Rock lalana ...... 68y„
commercial Cable. 153 Rome Wat AOgdenll6
Del. Hudson 127 : St. L. A,S. W. .... " 5
Del.Lack<£Westernl»*o 1 Preferred.. .' 11
Denver<Sß.G 12> 2 5t.Pau1...... ....'.. 6934
Preferred. * l | Preferred ...;;.:1363/t
Distillers .... ... i 5 7/ g St. Paul* Duluth. 22™
General Electric... 2CW* Preferred &5
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, I SCO.
Erie 15s /n 6t. Paul & Omaha. 3614
Preferred.... .... H-i*./. ; Preferred.......... 121 .
Fort Wayne ...... 160 ; St. P. M. <fe M.....-1097",
Great Northern pra.llo "Silver, Gem neat.... 67 l
Green Bay.. ■"/, southern Pacific. !»■%
Harlem ...280 Somiiernß.lt ■ fly 8
•Hocking C0a1...;.. 1 j Preferred....;...; — 27%
Hocking Valley... 18 feuuar Refinery. ...losy 8
Homestake.. 28 Preferred 98
--11. Js, Texas Cent-. IVi Term. Coal & Iron. 2734
Illinois Central.... 95^1 Preferred.. ....... 100
lowa Central. 8 "iTexas Pacific...... 15/.
Preferred 29i^:'i A. A.<t N.Micn.
Kansas <fc Texas.... 11 01. & Ohio Cen... * 30
Preferred. 25 I Preferred 65
Kingston & Peru... '3 I'loi.St. Louis 8
Lake Erie «£ Westn 2m/.,! Preferred 14 .
Preferred 7 1:1,4 Union Pacific :'*,'.
Luxe Shore 144 i „v. P.. Den. & Uult 3
National I. cad 24 " | i; .S. Cordage 514
Preferred.... B'-! 14! Preferred 10*/
Long Island 81' Guaranteed 20%
Louisville & Nash. 451.;, U. S. Express 38
Louisville Na& Ch. 9"' « U. S. Leather 93/ s
Preferred 18 | Preferred U:-si- 8
Manhattan Consol. 1031,4' V. S. Rubber. ...... 27 '
Mempnis* Charts. 16 Preferred... .; .. 86
Mexican Central... 9 Utlca<fcß. River.. 150
Michigan Central.. 94 ! Wall. S. L. & Pac.. 6Vi
Minn its. x. — — I Preferred IS 1 /*
Preferred. .— YVells-Fargo 95
Minn. it St. L com. 1 9 Western Union.... 835/ 8
Ist preferred.....* 74 Wis Central....*... 8- ,
2d preferred 4 -!*/ 2 Wheeling <fe L. E„ 1114
Missouri Pacific.... 25 • Preferred 35 3 /i
Mobile & 0hi0..... 223^'Am Cotton Oil pfd. 63 '
Nashville Chatt.... 65 iW U Beef.. ■ 7i' 2
National Linseed.. 18i J, L I Traction- IH7A
N. J. Central 100' ■-.. Ann Arbor 9
t Ton no bond*.
US 4s. ree ....108 ;.MKT2ds... , 68Va
Do, 4s coupon... 108%! Do, 4s. . ' 82*"4
t: s4s new reg 113 Mutual Union' 6s..' 115
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..114 N J Cent Gen 65...113Va
Po. 2s 96 Northern Pac lsts. 114 '
Po, 6s 11l Do, 2ds loin
Do. 5s c0up0n.. ..11 i/ Do, 30s. 65 11
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 Nortnwest'consolil 40 -Z
Do. 1897 .100 Do, deb Bs 106&
P0.1898 .100 OR&N lsts... 107 V?
Do. 1899... . .100 ISiLJclronMtGen'tia 79
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... st L & S F Gen 6s. 102
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 i St Paul Consols ...133
Ala Class A 4 109 St. P. C. &Pa lsts. 113
Do. Class 84, 6s. 107 '■ Do. Pac Cal ists..loß
LaConsol4s 97 Vi Southern R. R. 6s. 90
Missouri funding -Texas Pacific firsts 85
IN* Carolina con 65.120 Texas Pac seconds. 19 "A
■Do, *s 102 Union Pac Ist of 96.101 '
So Carolina 4*/ 5...10>-ya West Shore 4s. 105
Term new as 80 'Mobile & Ohio 45.. 651/*,
Va funding debt... 60 It GrandcWest lsts 75 i
Do, reg Ches .tO 5s 106%
Do, deferred 65... 6 */ ! Atchison 4s 733/
Do. trust rcpts st 6 ; Do, ids* A.. 231/4
Canada Sout£ 2ds.. 104%'0 H AS A 65...... 105
Cen jpac lsts of '95 100 1 Do. 2d 7s. " 100
Den AUG Ist 112 !H<fcTex Cent 63.. 108
Do. <* 87% ho. con lis 104
Erie 70 V.: Heading 76"/ 2
Kansas Pa Consols 70y 2 Missouri Us 100
Ks Pa lata Den Uivlo6 I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
"WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Esq., Jan. 24.— The spot market
is higher at 6s Bd@ss 8"/»d. Cargoes are firm at
28s 3d arrived aud 27s 10' /2 d December shipment.
ITII'KKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 5s 7d: Eebruarv. 5s 7y±d; March, 5s 7s,id-
April, 7%d; May, 5s 7%d. '
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 24. -Consols, 107*54; sil
ver, 305 8 d; French Rentes,——.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight...:..; .... — -4 89
sterling Cables..; — %®Vs
New York Exchange, sight ..::... * — - Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver. "pounce...... .*....-.".... — 67 '
Mexican Dollars : ....; 53"/ a ■ 64
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 23
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week ending yesterday as compared with 18
for the previous week and 21 for the corresponding
week Of 1895. The failures for the past weeK are
divided among the trades as follows: ,1 fruit
packer, 1 dry goods, 1 wholesale jewelry, 2 grocers,
1 contractor, 1 wholesale crockery, 1 decorator, 1
cfeamery, l manufacturer perfume, 1 garbage, 1
confectioner and florist, 1 drugs and stationery, 1
florist, 1 fruit and land company. 1 hotel, 1 general
store. 1 hardware, 1 saloon, 1 carpenter,- 1 jeweler,
1 fruit-grower, 1 fruits and vegetables.
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAIN'S.
WHEAT— are joyful days for grain farm
ers, and In fact, everybody else. 'Wheat continues
to rise under a demand that snows no signs of de
creasing, and .which is' hard to satisfy. Alt signs
point to returning prosperity for California. The
farmer can now make a profit off his land; instead
of running behind. If .Wheat goes up, every other
line of produce and merchandise, both in-country
and city , is benefited and limes are good. Anne
season is dawning upon us and. we will probably
have good times again from now on, unless some
thing now unforeseen happens. -
The market yesterday was buoyant again, with
higher prices all over the world". .Business was
brisk and everybody in the Wheat trade (except
the shorts) felt happy. No. 1, $1' 10®1 11 1,4 •£ ctl:
choice, $1 12Vi@l 15; lower grades," ?I@l 07y2*
extra choice lor milling, .$1 20@1 25.
CALL BOARD SALES. .". '-'i'ZPT
Informal Skssiox —10 o'clock — May— loo
tons, J I 14%; 300,. 91 14' 2 ; 700, $1 14 1/4: 200,
SI 14i/ 8 : 200, $1 14S . December-100, $1 15*"*,.
Rhgular' lliißMNd Session— December— loo
tons, $1 1734; 300. $1 17*- . May— 4oo. 91 16*4;
400. «1 16%: 300, $1 16s ; 200, SI 16" /8 ; 200,
$1 15"**: 2100, SI 18. . ,
Aftkbnoo.v Skssios— May— 2soo tons. SI 17;
100. $1 17i«: 1000,91 167/ 8 ; 1200, $1 16**4,; 300,
i $1 PB14; 100. $1 1«: 100, SI 16Vs: 300, $1 163/.;
700, $1 16%; 600, SI 16"/ 2 . December - 9uo,
SI 18: 400, *1 17" ; 200,9 1 18"/ ; 100, $1 1734:
300, $1 17%; 200. 91 17%. -spot, storaze paid
-100. 91 13%. Seller '96, storage paid— 3oo. $1 15.
BARLEY— Is firm, with an advance in futures.
When Wheat goes up everything else is firm. Feed,
67y 2 @7oc; choice, 71Vic; Brewing, 75@82" > '»c;
Chevalier, $1 10@1 20 for No. 1 and 76c(gj'f'l %4 ctl
lor oft' grade. ... ',-*.. , . -
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales. ■'/*'■'. 7.
Reoi.lar Morning Session— May— loo tons,
72c; 100, 717/ B e.
A*t -a noon -session— May — 1000 tons, 72c:
200, 72*/ 8 c; 100, 711/^; 100, 7'*</ 4 c. ' '- -
OATS— Are steady but quiet, . as the demand
seems to be satisfied for the present. Milling, 77'/
@85c: fancy Feed, 85®90c: good to choice. 77"-/ 3
®85c; common to fair, 65@75c '■*', ctl; ('ray, 80te
85c: Red, for seed, $I@l 10; Black, for seed, $1 10
(al 30: do forfeed.-75(gj85c; Surprise, 95c@$l 05.
CORN— and unchanged. Large Yellow,
90c %■ ctl; small Round do, 90c; White, 82y 2 '3>Bsc
ty ctl. , - ' ,:-"' "--"■' ' '..■■■-.:
RV E-75@80c ty ctl. , ■ . •
WHEAT— Nominal at 85c@$l '$ ctl, ac
cording to quality. -."■■';■".
FLOUR AND i MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Is very firm, in ' sympathy with wheat.
Net cash prices are as follows: Family extras,
93 65@3 75: Bakers' extras, 93 55@3 65; super
fine, $2 50*2 60 fl bbl.
, CORN MEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $20: Cracked
lorn. 620 50 ty ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
294-; Rye Flour, 3Vic: Rice Flour. 2 c; Corn
meal, 234@3c; extra cream do, 3y>c: "oat meal,
334 c: Oat Groats. 4y c: Hominy, 4@4 Vic; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3Vfec: Farina.
4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats. 4yjc;
Pearl Barley, 2 c; Split Peas, 4-'<ic; Green do,
4 c*i*,lb. _ "
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
- BRAN— Receipts are liberal -and the market is
easy at $12 ' al3 V- ton, 'ebbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
?*.'U 50 ty ion for the best.
I'EED.-.'I *L"I-'FS— Boiled Barley, f16^17 il ton:
OlUake Meal at the mill, $21 3* ton; jobbing,
$22 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, 921. ,
HAY— lnactive ana unchanged. Wheat. $8©
12 50: Oat. 8(a.l0 50; Wheat and Oat, 87 BOA
11 50 fl 1011; Barley, ■ $7@9 50: Alfalfa, 96@9;
Clover. $6®B; Compressed, $7 50©11; Stock, $6®
7 50 "ft ton.
STRAW- 85060c V bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
. BEANS— Are very dull. Bayos are quotable
at Sl@l 15 "£ ctl : Small Whites, fl 25@1 60 ty
ctl: Pea, $1 50®1 65; Large Whites, $1 15(g)! 25;
Pink, 90c@$l 12%: Reds, $1 35@1 40: Blackeye,
$1 75@1 85; Red Kidney, $1 75@1 90; Limas,
$2 50®2 76: Butters, $1 60@1 70 %4 ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at Jfl 95
@2 05 ty ctl: Trieste, f 3@2 20 ty ctl ; Yellow Mus
tard. 91 40@1 60: flax, 91 70(<j»l 75; Canary, 314
@3y 2 c (l lb; Alfalfa 6%®7c ty lb; Rape, 1%
(a,'Xi- ty 11' ; Hemp, icty lb. . '
DRIED PEAS-Nomlnal at $1 25@1 50 "$ ctl for
Niles.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— No further change. Salinas Bur
banks, 60@9(>c %* ctl: P.iver Burbanks, 26®40c ty
sack: Oregon Burbanks. 50@75c: Oregon Garnet
Cblles,.6s@7oc; River Reds, 45(a)55c ty ctl.
ONIONS— Are weak under anticipated large re
ceipts, at 90c®$l 10 31 ctl; Cut Onions, 60@75c;
Oregon. $11 5®1 35.
"VEGETABLES — Hothouse Cucumbers." very
large and fine, sold at $2 50 If, dozen; hothouse
Asparagus, 10@17*-/ 2 lb: Rhubarb, 10c; Mush
rooms.-3 alloc, outside figure for choice Buttons;
Dried Peppers, 6@loc "i". lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes
are doing better at $I@l 25 %l box: Green Peas. 3 '
@6c "pi lb; String Beans. — -: .Dried ukra, I2V2C;
Cabbage, 40@50c ty ctl; Garlic, 4®sc $ lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15@20 ty ton.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The floors. continue almost bare and
the market shows no fluctuation. '
__ Creamery— Fancy, •' 27@28c: seconds, 25@26c
V* 111. ...-"<■' .. :, r -
Dairy— Fancy, 24@26c; i good .to choice, 22®
23c ; lower grades, 18®21c. ... .
CHEESE— Fancy mild new is quotable at Hi/"®
12c; common to good, 8"/j@10c: Cream Cheddar,
ll®12c; Young America. Ilgll2c; Western, 11®
12.-; Eastern, 12(g*I3c si lb. • ■,*
- EGGS— Yesterday's market was mixed, some
dealers, In order not to get caught with a large sup
ply on hand, sold their - best ■ stock at . our inside
quotations, but the majority of the street sold at
the prices quoted. Eastern are practically cleaned
up. ..Store Eggs, 16@17c; ranch Eggs, 17@20c»
dozen. - • - .-..--. ......-.,.;;..
. . ... . ---.-»..-.
/' POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— further advance In Turkeys is
noted. No other change.
Live Turkeys, 12@14c for Gobblers and 13@1
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,' ls®l7c fl tt>: Geese, "j",
palr,sl2s@l 75: Ducks, $5 60@6 60; Hens,
6; Boosters, young, 94 50ftL5 60: do, old, 84@4 60:
Fryers, $4 60®5; .Broilers, $4 50 for large and
93** M ■for small; Pigeons, $1 50@2 fA dozen for
young and $I@l 25 for old.
GAM Most of yesterday's receipts were in good
condition. Hare, ,s](*"*) 1 25 4* d 07.: -Rabbits, $1 25®
1 60. for Cottontails and 75c(d,'S*l for small : Gray
Geese, !f'2 60; While Geese. 75c@?l; Brant. $1 25
@1 50: Honkers. ?:*fa 3 50; English Snipe, s2@2 60;
Jack Snipe, $l@l aSTfi dozen. g
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples, Ssc@sl "# box for
good to choice, 60@75c for common to fair and
"*1 25@1 50 for fancy: Siskiyou Apples, "'sc@*l 50.
CITRUS FRUITS— market continues dull.
Oranges, $1 25®1 50 "pi box for Seedlings and "51 50
©"BO"**", box for Navels; Japanese Mandarins
are about gone; Lemons, $1(<|»1 50 ' for common
and $2<g»2 60 for good to choice: California Limes,
7&c@sl f* box: Mexican Limes, Ss®6: Bauanas,
$I@2 fl bunch; Pineapples, $2 50@5 f l , dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, lI.US.XS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The trade report a slight im
provement in business in a small way. The follow
ing prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2 V @:*cfl lh for quar
tered, 3@3y 2 c f* lb for sliced and 4V*c fl tt. for
evaporated; Peaches,. 3y @4c fi lb and 6y 3 @6c
for fancy; peeled In boxes. 12c: Apricots, 7y @
B%c for prime to choice, 9y 2 c for fancy and 10(g)
lie # lb for fancy Moorpark: Figs', black. 2@2%c,
for nnpressed; White Figs. 3y @4c in sacks; Pears,
7c If* lb for evaporated halves, 4@6y 2 c fl lb for
quarters; ''runes. 334 c: Plums, 4c fl lb for pit
ted and iy @2y,cfor unpitted; Nectarines, s@6c
%4 lb for prime to choice and 6%c for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Apples, 4(gl4y Peaches. 3@
4r and 5c for faucv; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y c ;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c "# lb for 40@50's
and 6c for 60@60's; Apricots, 6@9y 2 c for prime to
choice and lu@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs,
black, 134 @2y.c; White Figs, 3®6c; Pears. 6y c
for evaporated halves and 3@5%c for quarters;
Plums. 31 2 c tor pitted and l(g)iy 2 c lor unpitted;
Nectarines. 4@sc f! lb for prime to choice. .-.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c f-. box; four-crown, loose,
3 3 ,ic fl lb; three-crown, loose, 2%c; two-crown,
2c: seedless Sultanas, 334®4c; seedless Muscatels,
2* . 2 :, 4 c: three-crown London layers, 70c: clus
ters. $1 3,">@l 50; Dehesa clusters, $2 10<a,2 25;
Imperial clusters, ?2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2y 2 c
%i lb. ..-■-- • ■■!*xgpafiat!sp*3fa'
Jobbino Trices — Four-crown loose. 3c; ■3
crown. 2%@2%c: 2 crown, l- -- 4®2c; Seedless Sul
tanns, 334(a)4c;Seedles.sMuscaiels, 2y a c; 3-crown
London layers. 850®"*!: clusters, $1 40@1 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried ('rapes, 2y c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@Bc fl lb; Walnuts. 7®Bc
fllb.for No. 1 hard and 9®9y 2 for softshell, Job
bing lots; Almonds, 6®7y 2 c lor Languedoc and
2 @loc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, s@6c
for Eastern and 3y 2 @4y c for California; Hickory
Nuts, 6®6c; Pecans, 6c tor rough anil 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c: Brazil Nuts, @8c fl lb;
Cocoanuts. $4 60(<i5 fl 100.
HONEY— is quotable at 10®12c f>. lb for
bright and B(6*9c *** *lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, etas'/fee, - "?' lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4%@4'"4c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2®3c.
*"*" BEESWAX-24@27c r lb.'
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Quiet at previous prices.
Bacon. 6c for heavy, 7c for light medium, 9c for
light; 10c for extra light and . 12c for sugar-cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. lie; California Hams,
9y 2 @loc; Mess Beef, $7 %4 bbl : extra mess do, $8:
family do. $9(d>9 50: extra prime Pork, $8 *"**. bbl;
extra clear. £14 f* bbl; mess. $13 %l bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9V *alocfl lb. -■ ■■ :
LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is quotable at 6c ft
lb for compounu and 7y c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 5 1 :,,-, for compound - and 6c for pure;
half-bbls, 4 c: 10-tb.tins, 7c; do 51b, 7<a.7V4C "j*. lb.
I COTTOLENE— 7I/4C in tierces and 8c fl lb in 10
--lb tins. . ,->■• -//•:: jy z
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c
1* lb: culls and brands, 6c ~? lb; .medium, 6c: culls
and -brands. sc : light. culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, o@sy 2 c; culls and brands, 4@4y 3 c;' salted
KiD. 5c f". lb; salted Calf, 8c "j") lb; salted Veal.
61 ; dry llides,To@llc; culls and brands, 7® 7y 2 c;
dry Kip and Veal, culls, l\\r 2 'a,7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc:
Deerskins, good summer. 25®30c: medium.' 15(g".
25c; winter, 10@15c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
20c each; short wool, 20@36c each: medium, 40
@60c each: long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about less. •
• TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 334@4c; No. 2, 3®
31/40: refined, 5-'" c; Grease, 2" 2 c f" lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 10® 1 lc fl lb; San Joaquin and Southern, 3®
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c ; defective do, 4@6c fl lb.
■ HOPS— Quoted at 4 fa. {I tt). .;,* ■V;-*i;
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
• BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 10®4 15: Wool Bags, 24<£26c. ..;.
COAL— Wellington is quotable at 58 iS ton:
New Wellington, $8 "fl ton: South field Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle, $5®5 60: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$6: Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch. $7 50: Brvmho,
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and $15 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13: . Welsh An
thracite Egg, : Cannel;.?B; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 60 fl ton In sacks. -
RlCE— Hawaiian is lower. Chinese mixed. $3 26
("£,3 35: No. 1, $3 55(a,3 75 <\1; extra No. 1, $3 90
@4 10; Hawaiian, S3 60®3 62y>: Japan, $3 65®
■i 12%: Rangoon, $3 10$ ctl. ." v
' SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
has advanced its prices. and now quotes as fol
lows, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered'
and Fine Crushed, all 53,4 c; Dry Granulated, 5y 8 c:
Confectioners' A, 6c; Magnolia A, 2 c; Extra
C, 43/ c: Golden C, 4V4c; .half -barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.'
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
* gal. _ . . ;. ; *- . • *.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
An advance in Mutton is expected shortly, as
sheep »re scarce. ' Beef Is firm." Hogs have again
gone up. 'Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: , A - v
BEEF— First qualitv,' 6 V 2 (a6c; second quality,
4y 2 @sc; third do. Xy 2 ®4c '*» lb.
- VEAL— Large, s@oc; small, 6®7c fl lb. •
MUTTON"— Wethers. 6@6%c: Ewes. 6c "p lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, -^-: yearlings, 7c "P lb.
. PORK — Live Hogs. 334c -for large and 3%c for
small: dressed do, 4%<<i's%c fi lb. ' -:y »■'- :
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
/4.-A..A-: . FOB 24 .norms. , : . AA/7
Flonr.qr. sks 25, 138 Wine, gals. 62.150
Wheat, ctls .".' 2.97o ßrandy, ga15....... 650
Barley, ctls  1,020 Butter, ct15........ 75
Beans, 5k5......... 320 Cheese.' ctls........ 182
Potatoes, ska. 1,602 Eggs. doz.. .... 6,390
Oregon. 334 Tallow, ctls .... 30
Onions, 5k5........ '.. ■• 8, Leather, r0115...... 129
Br«n, Bks 6.42B Quicksilver, flasks 60
Middlings, 5k5..... 1,244 Raisins, bxs. I.OuO
Hay. tons. 40 Paper, reams...... 380
Straw, tons 10 Chicory, bb15...... 91
Hides, 117 Wool. bis... 2
Pelts, bdls..- 89 v • -
. » . ■
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
There is no material * change in Butter, but Eggs
are cheapening rapidly, as usual at this time or the
year. '■"],' "•' •
Turkeys are dearer. Otherwise there Is no change
in Poultry or Game. An advance in Mutton is- ex
pected shortly. Fish keep"! j rather higher than
usual, owing to the unsettlid weather.
I Fruits and Vegetables show no change worthy of
note.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list : y ;---;'
rOAL— PER TON*. ApT/
Cannel —(a) 10 00 Pleasant 9 50@10 00
Wellington. (i-iooo Southfleld
New Wei- j Wellington —®9 50
Huston.... — ®1000 Scotch •'■— 950
Seattle 7 00® 7 50. Coos Buy... 7 00® —
Castle Gate. 9 oo®lo 00 [Ps/./APpp.
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC." , . A'pApT i
Butter, fancy, ty • '(Cheesp, Eastern.. . 15®20
square 65®60 Cheese, Swiss 20®30
do, ty roll 55(jd — Common Eggs ...20® —
do. choice 50® — Ranch Eggs, fidz.2s® —
Ordinary a 0... 4.*"® — : Honey, comb, "Sib. 12® 15
/ do, Pickled 40®45| do, extracted.... B@l2
Cheese, Ca1........ —®15 ,■•*!.*'
MEATS— PER POUND.*":'-'.
Bacon 10®17 Pork, fre5h........ 12@15
Beef, choice 12®15 Pork, salt .....12@15
do, good B®lo Pork Ch0p5....... 12®15
Corned Beef 8® — Round steak B®lo
Ham, Cal ...13®15 Sirloin Steak... V-SWai —
do. Eastern..... ls®— . Porterhouse, d 0... 1 . @20
Bard... 12@15 Smoked Beef — (gjls
Mutton 8®l("i Pork Sausages — — ®20
Lamb..........;. B(a' 1 2 3 j Vea1. ....%... ;.:... 1 0® 1 5
Spring Lamb. .... .20® — |
I'MII.TItY AND game/ .■/-•':.
Hens.each 50® 66 Ducks, each. . . 60® 775
Young Roost- Geese, each 1 50® 175
ers, each..;.. 50® 65 Pigeons, ty pr.. 60® 75
Old Roosters, - -Rabbits, ty pr.. 35® 40
each......;... s(l® 60- Hare, each..... 16(a) :20
Fryers, each... 35® 40 Wild Geese, ea 25® 40
Broilers, each.. 25® 85 EngSnlpe.*"jidz —®3 00
Turkeys, ty lb.. 18® 20|Common d0....l 50@1 75
VEGETABLES." V . ','''.
Asparagus, ty tt>.'.ls@2s|Mushrooms, ty 1b..10@20
Artichokes,'iSdoz..so(a.B5 i Mr'fat Squash, "# lb 5® -
Beets, ty d0z.......12(§15:0ni0n5, $ 1b......". 2® 3
Beans.white tyYb.Vifafi- 5 Parsnips, ty ...15®20
Colored, ty 1b... 2 y>@ 5 Potatoes, ty 1b.::.. 2(0»'3
Lima, ty 1b....... 4 6 do. Sweet, ty lb.. 4®; 5
Cabbage, each..... s@lo ßhubarb, ty 1b... .15® —
Cauliflowers, each. 5® 8 Radishes.W.dzbchs.l2@ls
Celery, fi bunch... 5® Sage, ty lb .*;.;. v.. .25® 35
Cress, ty bunchs.2o®2s String Beans, ty It.. — ® —
Garlic, ty 1b . . . ... . . «® B Thyme, ty tb . . : .*. . .20*0)30
Green Peas, ty lb.. Turnips, ty d0z....15(0j20
Lentils, ty lb 6® B Tomatoes, ty Va.... 10@12
Lettuce, ty d0z. ...15®20,
FISH— PER POUND. "'"
Barracuda . ..... . . . © — iShad . . '.. .^..'.....15® —
Carp.; ;.............ir;@l2'.Sea Bass. .........15(0.20
Codfish ........12®— Smelts .....15®20
1 10under5.. ........ I6ft»- 501e5.....;... ...... 10®12
Halibut i erg) -Skates, each. ..;.:: 10@15
Herring *.........: Sturgeon .:;;...... (3)15
K1ngfi5h.........-..;i0®12.T0mc0a......:.....16@2()
Mackere1 .......... _ ( -clams, ty gal . . ;.:. ®1 5
do, Horse —® _ Do, hardshell, ty
Perch... ........ ...;12®15' 100.. ............. 50® -
1 0mnan0..; . . .... . . — *a — crabs, each 12@15
Rockiish ......... Js®2o Do. (shell, ty dz-25®35
Salmon, smoked. ..2o® Mussels, ty qrt.....10®15
Salmon, fresh... . . . 15®20 Oysters, Cal,**** 100.50® —
Shrimps .'.;..-....-. , B®loiDo, Eastern, ty dz.25@35,
' ■: ' . ."""Burrs AND NUTS. .
Almonds,?* lb 12®15 Limes, "jf* doz .10@15
Apples, "0 1b....... 66*) 6 Oranges, fl ...«5'«50
Bananas, f* doz...l2@ls!Pears,"fl lb 4© 6
Cocoanuts, each... 10C<tl2 Persimmons, *»» lb. s'a) 6
Cranberries, f". qt..lord*l2 Raisins, <*?> lb 5(515
Granes. 11 lb 6(S)10 Walnuts, "& tt).....15@ —
Lemons, fl doz 15@20i
THE STOCK MAEKET.
The northend stocks developed sudden strength
on the afternoon call, and Con. Cai. & Va. sold up
to $2 65.' Ophir to $1 60 and Sierra Nevada to 54c.
Hale & Norcross was also higher at $1 35.
NOTES.
The New Orleans Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent Feb
ruary 29. ; pp. 7
Bur, web— During the past week ten tons of ore
were extracted from the Bulwer tunnel and 200
level, estimated at about .S2O per tou. There Is no
change to note in the ore stoves; they continue to
yield about the same quantity and quality of ore.
Started a drift south from upraise above main drift
100 level about 150 feet south, of No. 6, and ex
tended it 12 feet; face is in vein matter.
The Smuggler-Union Mining. Company of Colo
rado paid a dividend of 50c per share on the 2d.
The Gold and Globe Company of Cripple Creek,
Colo., paid a dividend of 2c per share on the 4th.
The Gold Coin mines of Cripple Crees, Colo., will
pay a dividend of 1% per cent on the 30th. This
is the second dividend, the first one of the same
amount being paid In December, 1895. There are
1,000,000 shares in the mine of the par value of $1
each, so the two dividends amount to $$0,000.
BOARD - SALES.
Following were the sales in the San , Francisco
Stocit Board yesterday:
RKODUR MORVIN-B SESSION- COW M-EXCrXd 9 : 30.
200 Alpha .21-400 CC'&V... 2.45 1200 P0t051. ..65
200 Andes.. ..22(200 G& C. 53 1200 Savage. .36
300 Belcher.. .29 100 64 100 S Nev. ....46
200 30'1(>0 HAN ....1.30 300 44
300 B &8... .881100 Mexican.. 63'loo 45
400 ............ 300 Mono 06100!. 43
200 ....:. .....89 60 Occidtl..:. 9l 300 Uni0n. ...38
700 Chollar ....62 350 0phir.. .1.451300 V Jackt..46
, « . iHFßxnn** session— 2:3o.
100 Aloha 211200 Conn.... 1.05400 Savage... .37
150 Alta 08100 AC. 56200 .... ......36
600 Andes 25 500 ............ 55100 S Nev 49
100 ............24(400 HAN... 1.351100 51
100 8e1cner....30 700 Mexican .69 100 ..: 52
100 B A 8... .94 400 ......68J300 -....64
500 Ch011ar. ...63i200 Mono 05 400 : 53
800 CC*V... 2.65 500 0ccidt1... .94 300 Union C...44
460 2.60 lQOOOphir.. l.oo 100 V Jackt...47
200 2.65 . - I
Following were the sales in the' Pacific Stock
Board yesterday : * ;p Xp i lp;p ~'yy ■'/ "".
t . Ki.oi:r,\n session— ll:ll.
400 Alnha..... 500 C N V.....06 300 0vrmn. ...18
300 Alta .09,300 C P0int. ...22 400 Potosl 55
200 Andes 21200 ...... 21300 54
300 8e1cher....29,500 Excnqr ...07 400 53
700 BAB 8S ! 500 A C 53 2400 Savage. .35
200 8u11i0n....! 8 400 HAN 1.27" 2 300 36
300 :. .171500 Julia .02 500 Scorpion..
300 8u1wer.. ..19400 Justice.. ..o3 800 S B& M...09
100 .'.16 600 Keutuck..o7 100 SNev 46
500 Caleda 09 300 Mexican..63 800 45
400 Cha11ge. ..351300 62 1000 S Hi 11.... 02
300Ch0iiar. ...63J300 200 Union C...40
500 62 lOOOccid 600 39
700...... 611600 92:900 38
100CCAV2.47y s 800 90 300 Utah. .....07
300 2.45600 400 V Jacket.,46
100 ConH.l.o7i/ ! 900 0phir.. .1.45 800 46
1600 Con 1m..02| '• |
* 'AFTERNOON SESSION — 2:3").
300 Alpha 22 100 Confi 1.07y :500 0phir.. .1.60
300 Alta 09 1500 C 1mp...02 600 ....' 1.55
450 Andes... 22 400 C NY 06500 ..........1,60
100 24 600 0 P0int... .23 800 0vrmn. ...20
700 300 Exchqr.. ..08,200 Potosl 55
400 8e1cner.. .29:800 0 A C..;... 551300 .. . 56
500 BA B 92J250 HAN 1.32y 1900 Savage. .37
800 94600 Julia 300 36
300 .......... 93-200 Justice.... o3 500 Scorpion..o2
300 80die... -40 200 Kentck....07,800 S B<fe M...10
600 8u11i0n. ...17 500 Mexican.. S Nev. ...47
300 8u1wer. ...16 200 67 400 50
400 Challnge.. 364oo 68900 63
100 ....: 37 300 Mono 06:600 Sll Hi 11... .03
200 Ch011ar....62 400 0ccidt1... .9011 600 Union ...42
100 .„; 63300 91800 43
325 CCfeV. 2.55300 92100 Utah 07
250 ....:..2.57V0200 93 1400 YJacket4B
675... '2.60] . . .|i '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 24-4 p. k.
£id.Aihrd.\ Mid. Asked.
Alpha C0n..... :• 21 ' 22 Jackson 40 —
A1ia...... 07 09: Julia. .*..... — 02
Andes 23 25 Justice. 03 04
8e1cher........ '29 30, tfentncK. ...... 07 08
Best A Belcher. 93 94 Lady Wash — 01
BentonCon — 40 Mexican 67 68
Bodie ....40 41 Mt. Diablo....- Id 20
Bullion „.... 17 19M0n0......:... 05 06
Bulwer _ 16 19 Nevada Queen. — 05
Caledonia 08 • 10 Occidental 90 92
Challenge Con. 36 37 Ophir 1.65 1.60
Ch011ar......... 62 63 Overman 18 20
Con. Cal. A Va. 2.56 2.601P0t05i.*....;.... 55 67
Cum. Imperial. 01 03 Savage 36 37
Confidence 1.05 1.10 Seg. Belcher... 08 10
Con.New —'. 06' Sierra Nevada, 54 56
■ Crown Point... 23 24 5c0rpi0n. ...... 03.'- —
EastSierraNev — 04 Silver Hill — 02
Exchequer..... 06-' vO7 Silver King.... •20 —
Eureka Con.. ..**■ 25 .- — Syndicate 02 —
Gould A Curry. -64. : 65. Union Con 43 44
HaleANorcrs.l.3o 1.36 Utah. ..*..*...... 07 08
lows. ....; 02 — I Yellow Jacket. 48 49
STOCK AND ■ BOND EXCHANGE.
7; :;P. FRIDAY, Jan. 24-2 p. it.
." UNITED STATUS-BONDS.- '.'.".?'.'^r";
7 '.r.r'r ii -*':* Et<i. Asked. . .- Bid. Asked.
V Sis c0up. .1071 — C S4s reg...lo7Va —
MISC'KI.I.AN'KOCS BOND-U
Cal-stCble6s. — 110 ! Do. 2d Iss 6s. —''—/:
CalElecL6s.lo6 — |P&ORy6s. — 108
CntraCWSs. — 100 PACh Rv 63.10214105%
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.RR6s. — 116 Vi
EdsnLAP 106 — Reno. WL&L — 105
F&CHRR6S.IOS 107 RfverW Co6s — 100
Gearv-stßss.ll>2y 2 105 SactoP A L..100 102-*"4
LosAneLtts. — 101 ISF&NPRRSs 99**il00
Do.Guted.Os. — 101 Vis bPRRAriz — ' 95
Mkt-stCble6sl22 — Caltis.. 110 —
DoßyConss..loß 108% SPRRCaIbs.. — 97%
NevCNgßßs. — 100 BPBrRCaISs. 9o 97Va
N PCRR6s.IO3y — l SVWater6s..l2os/J, -
•N Rv Cal6s.looy — 6VWatcr4s.~ 99*/4 99%
NRy Cal 6s. — 103 StktnOAEtfi — 103
Oak Gas 65. .102 105% SunstTAT6s.loo —
Do. 2d iss 102 106y |Sutter-stßss.loß3 / illoi/i
Omnibus 65.. — 120 VisaliaWC6s — 9*l
PacltollM6s.. — . - I  •, ;
WATER STOCKS,
Contra Costa 41% 46 2 : San Jose 75% 96
Marin C 0 ..... 49 — iSpringValley 96% 97
GAS STOCKS...,' ..
Capital....... — 39 Pacific Light. 46 —
Central 95 ' . ' — ' SanFrancsco 71% 72%
Oak G Lift H. 51 61%' Stockton. •.."..' — 21%
Pac Gas Imp. 79 79 3 /t\' : p r, ';}'. i ■
IN'SCRAS cf. stocks. ,
FlremansFd.ls7 : 170 |Sun 56% —
AP./pyy i-'iMMKKrIAI, BANK STOCK*.
AmerBATC. — ' — ILondonPAA.l2B —
Anglo-Cal ... 68% — |LondonASF. — SO
Bank of Ca1.. 230 232 iMerch Ex.... 12 —
CaISDATCo.. 58 62y 2 ' Nevada.;.... . — . —
FlrstNatlonl.l77 — I bather B Co- — —
Grangers — — li,
'. " ;■ SAVINGS BANK STOCK !. P.-'
GerSALCo.I4IO — PavALoan.. — 102%
HumbSAL.IOOO — Security 240 270
Mutual 35 4iy~ Union Trust. — 820
SI savUnion-180 490 j
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105%" — Oak.SLAHay — 100
Geary-st 60 70 Presiaio 5 —
Market-5t.... 44 44%Sutter-5t...... .— : —
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 15% Judson. — —
California.... — 98 Vigont. — 1
Giant.'. — 19 ' 'P/pyy
«I«CEtI,AXI:i-.rs STOCKS. '
Alaska Pkrs. 97 100 OceanicSSCo 17% 22%
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCo;Mllls.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
Mrs-Pock. — — PacIANCo. — 30
Edison Light. 96 97 Pac Roll Mill 22 —
GasConAssn. — — PnrfPalntCc. 6 '7%
lead 10. 86 — iPaclransCo. — 25
HawCASCo.. BVg 83, PacT A'*' Co 61 70
HutchSPCo.. 13y 8 133/ 8 SunsetTAT.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC — — lUnitedCCo.. — 25
MerExAssnlOO 110 I ...
> MORN IV. I SESSION.
Board— Sßooo S P & N P Rallwav Bonds. 100.
Street— 3s Market-st Railway. 44%; 65 do, 4514;
20 Oakland Gas. 51; $5000 S V R% Bonds, 1203 /4 .
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— s S V Water, 97.
Street— lo Bank of California, 230; 120 Oakland
Gas, 51.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
* I"' GRAND HOTEL.
J L Phelps, Stockton (» W Harney, Marysville
F Walker, New York R Robertson, Paraiso Spgs
A Schnabel, Newcastle W C Heavner, Sacto
P F Gosbey, San Jose M Buckley, Oakland
S B Hermann, Oregon *.W 1 1 Greer, West Va
W W Hartley, Merced ■' J N Bresse, Kings City
F Cox. Sacramento . . J P Davenport, Los Ang
J Lt'illis. Sacramento - R S Raw, Placerville
Miss R Hart, San .lose Miss H J Hart, San .lose
Mrs Ho'.zbergcr, Salinas Miss Holzberger, Salinas
C s M.isten. Arizona N Wines,. Santa Barbaia
L Albrecht, Arizona Mrs A Waters. Cal
O Werner. Santa Rosa Mrs Parker. San Jose
W II M Barnes.Portland O H Simmons. Redding
H M Tenney, San Jose R P Dandrldge, Cal
A W Bates. Santa Cruz Miss M L Peterson, Cal
Miss E Peterson. Cal D W Edwaids, Los Aug
H McCann, Auburn- L J Maddo.x, Modesto
(l Hibberd, Placerville H F Suickey. Chico
L Rosenberg, Ukiah 3 E Ruddock, Ckiah
V M Mason, Ukiah ' G P Bennett, Arizona
W X Brown, Holllster F.H Krebs. Sacramento
P A Buell, Stockton . L H Frankenheimer, Cal
■'••■■• T A ':■::.: RUSS HOUSE.
Miss M Galloy, San Jose E Wrights, Wrights
J Rhea, Kansas W H Adams, NY
ET Gray, Healdsburg Miss S Steele. Santaßosa
R R Sherman, Helena Mrs E Sanders &c, Delta
Mrs J Goodard, HeldsbrgA *-i White, Suisun
T J Grady, Angels Camp C C Wilcutt, San Diego
C P Blodgett, San Diego W Wilkinson, Orangvle
<J P Wallace, Napa H C Brown A w, Windsor
VV F Cleveland, Chico ; W J Massey, Toronto
W Laymon A \v. Sn Jose F M Mengus, Medford
H.M Keyes, Healdsburg 11 McKlwin, Boston
J Nachenbeck, Carson Cy C O Clarke, Siskiyou
T J Hardin, Santa Rosa J E Martin, Portland
W H Bradley, Los C W Benham, Park Rapd
(' Daniel, V F s White, Oakland -• «
E A Bunce, Alamo .", ' J T Brannan, Walnut Ck \
Dr J Mannion, Taraaies . G Martin, Jersey City
F Wiikins, Chicago -. . Sadie Garson, Salida
E Brannan Aw, Salida * J C Lumis, Red Bluff -
J E Bailey, Alta A Budalin A w, Sacto
A J Walker, Portland . H E Coleman, Loo mis
J WEblen, Raymond J McDonald. Portland
A Anderson, Alameda * ' L Hertoff, Salinas
A V Topscott, Red Bluff
LICK HOUSE. zp/'p.}
D M Tomblln, Oakland J S Parks, Oakiana
C B Younger Jr. Stanford C A Rice, Santa Cruz
f /„ H Heath, Santa Cruz Mrs A G Dunbar, Colo
Miss Dunbar, Colo S T Black, Sacto
Miss L, Rotchilds, Eng C Steenbenrii, Brentwood
V JBaldwin.HoodbridgeG V Henderson. Belmnt
A B Sauburne, Oakland R H Lucas, San Rafael
A J Hull A w, Napa H French, San Jose
FCoen, Santa Cms ■ J H Frederick, sta Rosa
XV E Smith, Menlo Park R c Min<r. Stockton
R E Wilhoit, Stockton J T Brittain, Colusa
J L Kennon, Colusa J Valentine, san Jose
M J Walsh. Sissou M Frank, Fresno
A/A-Ty, • PALACE HOTEL.
A D Long, Chicago .'.OA Cole, Watertown
Mrs i: Cole, Watertown J R Chace, Santa Cruz
R C Hail, Belvidere Mrs R C Hall, Belvidere
H Holdgalive, Cincinnati 1) W Coons, St Louis
W II Bancroft, Salt Lake W S Anderson, Salt Lake
C Hen Stanford J E Stubbs, Reno -
Mrs W II Bancroft, S L Miss Nasou, Salt Lake
J I) Weston A wf, SaltL Mrs A B Paine, N V
L Feurer, Portland Mrs H D Underwood, M 7
W F Barrett, Chicago Dr V G Vecki, San Jose
3 M Angniano, Stanford C U Gillett. Chicago
CR Gilbert, Butte
BALDWIN HOTEL.
George Brown, B C J Giles, Chico
J Rowan, Marysville T D Frawley, H V
G D Peters, Crouille C Kornal, Oakland
R Dlxey, Monterey H D Scroggy, Seattle
N H Roberts, Los Ang J Q Walkan, Chicago
V Bell, Chicaso J Ryan, Virginia City
S Armstrong, Riverside H Sanaby, Arizona
J II Webster, VacaviUe B R Sackett, Winters
J E Sackett, Winters W 11 Yregasy, Winters
E W Hale A wf, Sacto Hon Jll Scott, Chicago
M s Moore, Denver F R Woods, Denver
Capt L C Eagles, Eng John H Burns, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B L Fisher, Alameda T L James, Alcatraz
OH Fanning, Alcatraz - CW Kites, Grass Valley
Mr Hasan. Grass Valley J H Avers, Rio Vista
W E Shaw, Ala , eda Wm linker, Portland
A Bodelsou, Chicago . Henry B Arnold, Boston
JT Holcomb, Wheeling A Jonnson, Sacramento
M Rogers, Los Angeles Geo Bay Fort Jones
Vf F Short Fort Klamath
' — ♦— ♦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure Irom San Francisco.
BTKAMKR. | JJKSTIXATIOX j
KA I 1.-i.
! pier.
Arcata .. |L"oos Bay >Jan 25.12 mi I'ier 13
Wnlla Walla! Vie 4 Pgt Snd ; JRn 25. 9am 'Pier 9
Willamt Val ; Mexico 25,10am Pier 11
Pomona ! Humboldt ßay Jan 26. 2rM . P:er9
C0r0na...... Dteeo....". ! Jan 26.llam Pier 11
Ar&Ko Coos JtJav ! Jan26.lOAW ■ l'ler 13
Eureka j NewDOK I Jan2B.' 9am Pier 11
A Bliuichar.i i Portland I Jan 2B. 9am ; fieri:*
Coptic China&Japan Jan 28. 3pm PMSS
San Bias.... j Panama Jan2S,l2 m PMSS
Columbia... Portlana Jan29.lOAM Pier 24
SantaKosa.. fan Uieio Jan3o.llAM ! Pier 11
■ UmattUa Vic <R Ps;t Snd Jan 30, 9AM|Pier9
S! Paui I KewDOrt Feb 1. Dam Pier 11
Etateot Cai ; Portland Feb 3.10am! Pier24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STKAMBR j F.BOM ~ I DtJK
Alice Blanenard ' Portland .".Jan 25
South Coast Portland ! ..Jan 25
National City... ! Humboldt..... '...'.. ..Jan 25
Pomona. Humboldt Bay.. Jan 25
Washtenaw.... Panama I ..Jan 26
Columbia. I Portland ' Jan 26
Eureka. 'Newport I. .Jan 26
Umatilla Victoria & Pueet Sound ...Tan 26
North Fori: ; j Humboldt Bay...'. ! .Jan 27
Peter Jebsen..... j Nanaimo j Jan 27
Costa Rica j Departure Bay .Jan 27
Santaßosa. j ban Diego lan 28
San Juan........ j Panama Jan 29
Rio de Janeiro.. China and Japan lan 29
San Benito ; Facoma '. Jan 29 !
StPaui I Newport. ...;...... :..... ..Jan 30 I
State of Portland . Jan 31
Cityof Puebla.. i Victoria & Puget Sound ..Jan 31 I
Point L0ma. ... . j Grays Harbor '..Jan 31
Araeo Coos Bay Jan 31
Corona. '.... San Dieeo. .; ! ..Feb 1
Del Norte Grays Harbor...: Feb 1
Crescent City... Crescent City- Feb 2 j
' ■ I
' SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
A
Co
s
LnrKC. Small. iLarge.i.Small .
6.HSa lO.iiipj 2.30p! o.ooa
7.34a 10.56p; 3.18P1 1.05p
Rises Seits
7.19 5.25
7.19 5.26
! 3.35a
i 4.20a
HYDKOGBAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hvdrooraphic Omen., U. S. N. **)
• Merchants* Exchandr. >-
San Francisco, January 24. 189 R. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. xt., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtelkr,
Lieutenant I*. S. >.*.. in charge.
aIIIP'PINO INTJiLLIGxONCI!:. I
Arrived.
FRIDAY, January 24.
Stmr Homer, Drisko, 84 hours from Coos Bay:
pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr San Bias, McLean, 25 days from Panama
and way ports: pass and mdse," to Pacific Mail
Steamship Co. .
Stmr Corona, Hall, 61 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
<fe Co. *'.- .-■--,
--* Stmr Protection, Ellefsen, 5 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to S E Slade Lumber Co.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 43 hours from Hueneme;
stmr Arago. Reed. 53 hours from Coos Bay; pass
and mdse. to Oregon Coal and Nay Co.
produce, to Erlanger & Gallnger.'
Br ship Buteshire. Swinton. 118 days from
Swansea; 2967 tons coal, to J D Spreckels A Bros
Co. * -
Ship Occidental, Weaver, 14 days from Seattle;
2300 tons coai, to Central Coal Co.
Bktn Gardiner City, Masters, 12 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 60 bxs butter, to J H Nuwbauer«fc Co.
Cleared. '
FRIDAY. January 24.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria and Port
Townsend : Goodall. Perkins & Co.
• Br ship Clan Mackenzie, . Iddes, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Br ship Lawhill, Coss. Hull; Girvin & Eyre.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, January 24,
Stmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria, j
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Willamette, Cushman, Nanaimo.
Stmr St Paul, Duggan, .San Pedro.
Stmr Empire, Anderson, Astoria.
Br ship Barfillan, Seator, Queenstown.
Ship Elwell, Ryder, Nanaimo.
' ■• Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— January 24—10 pic— Weather
cloudy: wind SE; velocity 20 miles.
Charters.
The Br ship Glenclova loads lumber on the
Sound for Sydney, 355, option of Melbourne, Ade
laide or Port Pirte. 46-i.
The brig Lurline loads mdse for Kahulul; bktn
S N Castle, mdse for Honolulu; ship Roanoake.
sugar at Honolulu for New York, $5 75; ship John
McDonald, sugar at Honolulu for Philadelphia or
New. York. $5 75: Br ship Donna Franeisca. wheat
at Tacoma for Europe, 31 s 3d prior to arrival.
Spoken.
Dec 25— I.at 56 S. long 74 W, Br ship Glenericht,
hence Oct 8, for Liverpool.
Memorandum.
Per Homer— On Jan 21 at 12:30 am off Rogue
River the port shaft broke. Proceeded from there
to San Francisco with starboard shaft. -
Per Point Arena— Was unable to load at way
ports or finish at Mendocino, the weather being too
stormy.
Domestic Ports.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 24— Schr Reporter, from
San Pedro.
FORT. BRAGG— Arrived Jan 24-Stmr Novo,
hence Jan 23; stmr Rival, hence Jan 23. «: '
Sailed Jan Stmr Westport. *
PORT ANGEL port Jan 24-Sehr Sailor
Boy, from Seattle, for San Francisco; schr Comet
from Port Gamble, for San Pedro: schr Maweena'
from Seattle, for Newport. • '
NEWPORT— Arrived Jan 24— Schr F S Redfield j
from Port Blakelev.
SEATTLE— Jan 19— Bark J D Peters
hence Jan B. '
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 24— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco. *
Sailed Jan 24— Bktn Chehalls, for San Francisco •
schr Corona, for Redondo. '
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Excelsior '■
hence Jan 22. '
POINT ARENA— Sailed Jan 24-Stmr Whites-'
boro. for San Francisco.
REDONDO— SaiIed Jan 24— Stmr Navar'o
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Jan 21— Schr Vesta frm ;
Port Blakelev; brig Tanner,- from Eureka; 'stmr i
Navarro, from Eureka. "
PORT LOS ANGELES-Salled Jan 24-Stmr i
Progreso, lor Seattle.
ALBlON— Arrived Jan 22-Stmr Scotia, hence
Jan 21: schr Bessie X, hence Jan 14: Jan 24— 'chr
Archie and Fontie, hence Jan 14; stmr Albion
hence Jan 23. ■■•■-.• •***,
Sailed Jan 24-Stmr Scotia, for Santa Barhara
CLALLAM BAY-Sailed Jan 24-Br ship Nine
veh, tor Sydney. - "'** *'" -
COOS BAY-salled Jan 24-Schr Emma Utter
for San Francisco. uner,
EUREKA-Arrived Jan 24-Stmr South Coast,
from Portland; schr Mary Buhne, hence Jan 21.
, Sailed Jan 24-Stmrs Pomona and National City
for ban Francisco: stmr Tlllamopk. for san Fran
cisco; schr Mabel Gray, for San Diego ; schr HC
Wright, for Honolulu.
Eastern Torts.
he7 Q ce W Oct°B - ArriVed JaD 22 ~ Shl P 'A G Ropes,
Foreign Porta."
forPo I rtland RP - Sailod Jan 2 ? Br 8h " *«-*■■
HAMBURG--Sailed Jan 23-Br ship Cambusk
enneth, for San Francisco.
PANAMA-Salled Jan23-Haw stmr Zelandia,
for San Francisco. ..■*•-. .
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived Jan 23-Br ship Ore-'
alia, from Portland. .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 22— Br stmr Victo
ria, from Victoria. " .
■ SClLLY'— Passed Jan 23— Br ship Pentbesllea,
hence Sept 6, for Queenstown; Br ship Eudora.
hence Sept 24, for London, -y. ■; - /A
-importations.
, MENDOCINO— Point Arena— loo Mft lumber 1
sk nuts, 2 cs mdse. 3 bdls bides.
COOS BAY— PeiVlomer— 460 tons coal, 7 tubs 7
bxs butter. 334 sks potatoes, 197 bxs apples 1 bx
beeswax. 7 cs eggs, 11 pkgs mdse, 3 bdls hides. 1
pkg clubs, 1 bx shoes. 1000 cs salmon. 6 mces
tools, 1 crate pipe, Ibx candy. ' fs -
« SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— llo pkgs mdse 970
bxs oranges, 7 bxs i grape fruit. 135 oxs raisins. 7
bxs tomatoes, 1 cs cheese, 16 cs canned goods 80
bxs lemons, 12 bxs limes, 24 pkgs hardware 2 cs
cards, 7 bxs pineapples.
K^ ew, J. or -~ 57 bxs oranges, 170 sks peanuts, 3
i bdls pelts.*. :• y:-~p .-■ , - -.-'-.:-,
Bedondo— 3o pkgs mdse, 15 bxs oranges, 28 bxs
le Los n Angeles via Redondo— los sks peanuts. 130
sks 60 bxs raisins, 9 pkgs mdse. 1 bx oranges.
Los Angeles— lo pkgs mdse, 12 sks peas, 2 bxs
vegetables 1 bx tomatoes. .
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— B pkgs mdse,
320 sks piaster, 3 cs pinenuts, 1/ drums Cheese, 68
M a rba ra-ISO pkgs muse, 10 bxs hotter, 10
cs olive oil. 7 sks peppers, 49 bxs lemons, 22 sks
crawfish. 12 bxs oranges.
PortHarford-13 bxs fish. 82% cseggs. 14 sks
dried fruit, 34 green hides. 1 bdl skins. 2 bdls
salt hides, 37 bdls hides and pelts, 2 crts stoves. 2
bxs apples. 2cs dried iruit, 3 coops cluck-:. .. 80%
hvH apples. 42 dressed calves.
PiNAAIA-PerSanßlas-295 bags sliver ore. 3
nkts shark fins, 32 bdls hides. 2 pcs machinery, 13
Sags dried shrimps. 7 bdls deerskin. sks birk.
2098 sks coffee, 409 bxs limes. 1 bx stays, 14 pkgs
tr HUENEME-Per" Cleone-136 sks corn, 4143
sks baric v. 357 sks wheat.
COOS BAY— Per Arago— 3 bxs pears, 3cs cheese,
100 bxs apples. 1 l>bl porter, 50 sks potatoes, ' 800
tons coal. .
Consignees.
Per Cleone-Erlanger A Galtneer.
Per Point Arena— Mendocino Lumber Co: \\ m
Green; W li Sumner SCO; A Ilromada.
Per Homcr-J I) Spreckels A Bros o:Cr*.\ .
son; Wilson A Baechtel; C X Whitney ACo WH
(treen; HUmer, Bredhoff A Schnls: W F Mitchell.
Bissinger A Co: Coshill A Boon : Garcia ft Maggini :
Hills Bros; Standard Oil Co: smith's (Mb Store,
w C Price A Co; Buckingham. Hecht «« o.yn i
Garrett A Co; Miller, Sloss A Scott: ?,? S?L"„„
Frledlander; M P Betels: Ci Bern A Co; Rlsdou
Iron Works: A Hromadu. ;,___: th
Per San Bias— Baruch A Co; Goldtree Bros. J <>
Meyerink; J Ivancovich A Co; FKutherACo: O
Roma A Co: Bloom Bros; Schwartz Bros: Thann
hauser A Co: L F Lastreto; Nevada Bank: order.
Urruela, Urloste A Co; J F Wright; E L G Steele
A Co; Garcia ft Maggini; L G Sresovich A Co: « m
Loaiza & Co: F N Huntington. ' '*,'„• '
Per Corona— Seed and Plant Co; Hills Bros;
Norton, Teller A Co: C E Whitnev A Co: A. Gain
Fruit Co : Boss, Sanders ft Co ; II Kirchmann A Co:
Wheaton, Breon A Co; Brighain. Hoppe ft Co; J II
Cain A Co; Ross * Hewlett: Witzel A Baker; Im
mel A Co; H Dotard; San Francisco Brewery: Al
bert Bros; Campodonico A Malcolm : GR Starr A
Co; D E Allison ft Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Dr C
F Gambler: Dairymen's Union; De Bernnrdl A Co:
II Waldeck; Gray ABarbieri: .1 Ivancovich & Co;
Miller. Sloss ft Scott; inner. Bredboff A Schulz;
DBiagiftCo; Dalton Bros; Payot, Upham A Co;
E Levy A Co: Gould A Jaudln: Levi Spiegel A Co;
Waternouse A Lester: Brunswick. Balk A C Co;
Henry Epstein; Le Count Bros: Amer Press Assn:
Getz Bros A Co: Baas Bros; Jonas Erlanger A Co:
J I) French: Deere Imp Co: H O Greenhood: AT
Weil A Co: L <*ildmaoher A Co: Chaix ft Bernard:
HA I.azen A Co: Wetmore Bros; I. Scatena A Co:
E Bullnie; WS Meyer; Pacific Coast Ammonia
and Chemical Works: A Schilling A Co; Boson
Rubber Shoe Co: Wood, Curtis A Co; Cabrera,
Roma A Co; McDonough ft Runyon ; RWylie; E
JComptoir; Smith A Young: J Boy. and Bros; E
LSn.-ll; Goodall, Perkins A Co; Electrical Eng Co;
M Rice: Holbrook. Merrill ft Stetson: Cal Product
Co; J Thomas; American Union Fish Co; Phila
delphia Brewery*". A Paladini: Milanl A Co; Pacific
Coast Fish Co; ii Camilloni A Co: PGusmanl: W
8 Brunswick; WC Price A Co: Western Meat Co:
it Kirchmann A Co: Reiley, Wolters A Co; Chas
Jacobson A Co: C Carpy A Co; XV S Brunswick: D
MBoltman; Stone A Co: J Hoffman; Labor
Exchange: Getz Bros A Co: Enterprise Brewery;
F B Haight: Kowalsky A Co; H N Tilden & Co; E
P Ramborco.
Per Arago— Wells, Fargo A Co: Standard Oil Co;
Thomas Loughran: McDonough A Runyon: Pacific
Transfer Co; Garcia A Maggini ; De Bernardi A Co;
Bertt A Co. "--->';-"* -.<"•••
Por . Late Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page.
ggS^ OFFICE FURNITURE
» OFFICE FIXTURES.
AND FIXTURES.
fcSSS C- F. WEBER &co
:*(W to 30fi Post St,, cor. atockt>i
OCEAW STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COJIPAM
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. and
PUGET SOUND.
3rPi.x*»t Class ..&8.00
Second Class $3 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS" & CO.,
General Agents'.
O. K.- cfi3 IST-
IS! OEIA jffI«ANE
ASTORIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations vail at 19 Monti*
gouiery. street.
Columbia sails January 29
btate of California sails February 3
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COBPAII
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Afifk.
Broadway wljar?, ban Francisco, as •g*-*^S*y
follows: v- -/V/ . •
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel. Juneaa. KU-
iisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at V a.h., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
. For Victoria and Vancouver (B. Cl. Port Town-
Bend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. it.
Jan. 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver ■ with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. ii., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18, 22, 26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan.
4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter: * * *. ••-.,
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, - Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, -11
a. it., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 29, 80, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guayrnas (Mexico), str. Willam-
' ette Valley, 10 X. M.. 25th of each month. .
Ticket oflice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treet.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., GenT Agents.
. yMAP- ■:: 10 Market it.. San Francisco. \
OCE.WIC STEAMSHIP COMPASY.
-^ «"3*""S"r""bw - Coolgardie gold fields
>^Sl*r"tO (Freemantle). Austr.i-
JLW^P Hrt k .fsPV, «• I,a: * 220 - flrat rt-w*.
( «W o r^(lU^ n| I, mi $110 steerage. Lowess
ratC3 t0 • Ca l >etown »
S Australian steamer,
(Freemantle). Austra-
lia: $220 first class,
i $110 steerage. Lovvess
rates to Capetown,
bouth Africa.
Australian steamer,
MAKI i '■ '-A, saiii vl»
Honolulu and Auck-
land, Thursday, Feb,
Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Sa>nr-
day, t-ebruary 15, at 10
A. M.
Spkciat, Part ins.— Reduced special rates for
parties Feb. 6 and 15, 1896. '
Ticket office- 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street,
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS., General Agents.
COMPAGiTIEGMERALETRASSATLASTIQCE
French "Line to Havre. '
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW),42 NORTH A-ggs
' River, foot of Morion st. Travelers by ASf^f^f
this line avoid both transit by English railway au.l
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
' January 11 „
LA OASCOGNE, Capt. 8aude10n................
..........".."......' ....January 18
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. P0ir0t.......
January 25,
LABOURGOGNE; Capt. Leboeuf ,
...*. ......' February 1.. '
JOSf* For further particulars apply to
- „ „ a. forget, Ag«*nt,
T v vrrr* a Wlln * Green . New York".
J. F. iUGA./Si a CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. •
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACRET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL jxa.
fortnlghtly for tiie West Indies and ASiiS!
Southampton, calling en route at C-'rbourgn.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. • -
Through bills of lading, In connection with. th*
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight aid treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from san Francisco to Pi vmouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. . First clan, $195: thirl
•Haas, $97 60. For further particulars ply to
PARROTT A CO., Agents.
' 306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Le ;r 5 £.'-;; s?,*„*-v^'^r^
a3" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAjUJEK-:
T. C. Walker. J. D. refer.
*-SaSS.a.
HIIEJO AM JURE ISLAND-
STK. BIONTICE-L-LO,
Daily, except Sunday— a il ii.
Sunday— B p.m. "■"
:l«ndln- r /Mi. n 1. Ttat »m .Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
SHARPS AND UNNATURALS
Rival Bands at the Tabernacle
Entrance Persist in
Playing.
ONE ORDERED BY MISTAKE.
As Both Were Originally One the Feel
ing of Hostility Is Hard to
Suppress.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
908 Broadway, Jan. 21. '\
The final crowing of the roosters and the
cackling of the hens in the Tabernacle
last night was entirely swallowed up in
the volume of music that was created at
the doors by the two rival halves of the
original Fifth Infantry band. For a
quarter of an hour the two bands played
different airs only a few feet apart, and
not until after a conference with the di
rectors was peace and harmony restored.
For a long time there has been dissatis
faction between the two bands, which
were originally one. Stories differ as to
how the trouble started; but about a
month ago the seceding faction, which is
styled the Oakland Professional band,
threatened legal proceedings against the
Fifth Infantry band if some music which
was joint property was not restored to the
Place from which it had been taken. This
widened the breach, and when the Poultry
Show was opened both bands applied tor
the privilege of supplying the evening
music. In order to prevent any friction
Superintendent Sharpe made an "arrange
ment by which the two bands should play
on alternate nights.
This arrangement was satisfactory, and
had the show closed Wednesday night, as
was anticipated, there would have been no
complication. But the show decided to
keep open another night, and by some
misunderstanding both bands were* told to
report for duty last night.
The Fifth Infantry band arrived first,
and taking up their stand at the entrance,
under the leadership of Director Mc ßain,
they commenced playing the Boulanger
march. A few minutes later the Oakland
Professional band, under the direction of
Mr. Richardson, made its appearance, and
without paying any attention to their
rivals they took up a position on the other
side of the entrance and opened up with
one of the liveliest of Sousa's productions.
For a quarter of an hour the two bands
played, and each manipulator of a brass
instrument exhaled martial music as if his
life depended on the volume of sound
emitted. *
When the exhibition officers arrived they
called the two directors into their office
and a consultation was held. While the
negotiations wore pending the music
struck up again and the two leaders rushed
to the Tabernacle entrance to see who had
broken the temporary truce.
Directly across the"street from the show
entrance is the entrance of the Oakland
Theater. A band also plays outside the
bouse prior to the curtain-raising, and
when Directors Mcßam and Richardson
arrived at the entrance they found that
neither or their band"* bad been discourte
ous, but that the music came from the
band controlled by the man across the
street.
Eventually it was agreed that one band
should play the hrst hour of the evening
and th« diner band" the second hour. It
was found out that both bands had been
ordered by mistake and a 3 there is a pros
pect of much music being required at the
Tabernacle during the coming eix-day
bicycle race the superintendent did not
experience much trouble in adjusting the
difficulty. The incident, however, has not
produced any harmony between the two
bands.
OPPOSED TO REFUNDING.
Alameda County Federation of Trades
Goes on Record.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— The follow
ing resolutions were passed at last night's
meeting of tbe Alameda County Federa
tion of Trades, with a preamble reciting
tbe condition of affairs and showing the
attitude of the railroad company toward
the men who took part in the strike of
1894:
Resolved. the Alameda County Federated
Trades, representing the working people of
this county, are unanimously opposed to the
funding bill or any kind of a compromise
whereby the payment of this debt is extended;
and we call upon all labor organizations, In
the name of the blacklisted railroad men and
their suffering wives and families, to pass
similar resolutions and urge upon the Con
gressmen from their district to vote and work
iig»instthe passage of any funding bill; and
be it further
Retolrtd, That a copy of these resolutions be
forwarded to our Representatives in Congress
and to all central labor bodies in the United
Mates.
Trial of Mayrisch.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 24.— Mayrisch .
Jr., who was indicted on account of charges
growing out of shortages in the office of
the Tax Collector, was on trial to-day.
The defense will be that the mistakes were
clerical ones made without any criminal
intent, and that when they were discov- i
ered the defendant offered to make the
shortage good. W. W. Foote is counsel
for the defense, and was permitted to make
his opening statement after the District
Attorney had concluded. There was no
objection made to evidence, and the de
fense will ask for an acquittal as soon as
the prosecution rests.
Burglars and Thieves.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— Burglars
battered in the rear door of a grocery-store
at 777 San Pablo avenue and robbed the
cash drawer of all there was in it.
A safe-cracker broke into the office of the
National Ice Company on Eleventh street
last night. A hole was bored into the safe i
near the lock, but, like the other two re
cent cases, the cracksman appears to have
been frightened away before attempting to
blow the door open.
Married in Haste.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— Mrs. Rickets
of Fruitvale was surprised to-day when
bar daughter claimed to bo wedded to Earl
Seymour Halsey of Berkeley. Mr--.
Rickets went to the County Clerk's office
and found that the story was not true. A
couple of hours later- Mr. Halsey, aged
21, and Miss Leila Belle Rickets, accom
panied by their mammas, entered the
clerk's office and obtained a license. Deputy
County Assessor Rev. Van de Mark per
formed the wedding ceremony..
"Lottery Test Case Decided.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24. —Judge
Greene rendered his decision to-day in the
Chinese lottery test case. He has upheld
the decision of Police Judge Wood and has
found the conviction to be warranted.
1 here are scores of other cases depending
upon this one, and they will be at once
brought to trial. The Chief of Police also
intends to renew the raids now he finds
that his action will be sustained, by the
courts. .
The Puy Car Behind.
«,°*i KL A ND . Cal., Jan. 24.-The South
ern 1 acme paycar that was due to-day did
,K„."ir nv^,' and the report has gone out
ai? JVM. 1 - not be here again till the mid
ale " *ebruary. The company never pays
till one month -"-" the money is earned.
ana when it was around on December 24,
i! ™ - ****** November salaries. No
reason is assigned for the delay, and the
employes have no alternative but to wait.
Doctors as Experts.
OAKLAND . l -' Jan. 24.-The trial of
the case of Colonel A. Wettstein against the
bouthern Pacific Company is developing
into a series of arguments between doctors
and attorneys. Drs. Woolsev, Hamlin,
uutin and Kuckein are giving testimony
as witnesses for Wettstein, and Attorney
Moore wants Drs. Shiels, Selfridge, Rabe
and Lane to answer the plaintiff on behalf
of tho railroad company. The case will be
continued next Tuesday.
Bassett May Keaicn.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— 1f Council
man Bassett should be sent to Congress to
light the refunding bill there will be a va
cancy in the Council. The Mayor will
have to till it and he will, if necessary, ap
point a man who will resign when Bassett
returns.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
. Brief, Chapters.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call, (
.'-••■: p.; ': 908 Broadway, Jan. 24. \
Ex-Judge J. H. Lucas of this city is about to
remove to Mariposa City, where he will engage
in the practice of his profession.
The Grand Jury has been called together to
indict H. Menzenmeyer, who shot J. Perkins at
Lorin on Christinas day. Perkins' condition
is critical.
Deputy County Clerk Charles Arnold super
intended the destruction by fire at the foot of
Castro street this morning of 20,000 ballots
and numerous other material used at the last
county election. pp. A. ■; -_-.; -yy
The Coroner's jury in the case of Henry Hook
was unable to determine how the man hap
pened to be drowned. The funeral took place
from the residence on Jackson street this after
noon, the funeral being private.
This afternoon County Clerk Jordan revoked
the appointments of all deputies appointed by
him for registration purposes. new deal will
be made .throughout the whole county when
the work on the new register begins.
The driver of the wagon which carries the
United States mail, owned by Fred Morrison,
was arrested this afternoon by Mrs. Sanford,
secretary of the Humane Society, on account
of the unserviceable condition of the horse.
The Progressive Brotherhood of Painters and
Decorators of California NY». 2 will hold an
open meeting at Becker's Hall, Washington
street, next Monday evening. There win be
an entertainment after the meeting and all
painters and friends are welcome.'
The trial of Officer Eci Lamping will come up
before the Board of Police Commissioners to
morrow at 10 o'clock. The prosecution has
subpenaed about fifteen witnesses, and Lamp
ing has secured the services of Attorney XX. It.
Davis and has summoned as many morel
A new industry will soon be established in
Alameda, where the big Clark pottery will be
enlarged and will go into the manufacture of
brick. A contract has been let to Walker
& Walker for .*t'lK>H to build an addition to the
factory, including two kilns for tiring the
brick.
Word has been received nere of the sudden
death of Mrs. D&llie Harger of Chicago last
Tuesday. She was a former resident of Oak
land and has many friends here. She was the
wife of Jay P. Harger and a daughter of Charles
E.Young of this city. She was a native of
Vallejo.
At the recent ©onltry show held in this city
a chicken with three legs was exhibited as a
freak. A few day* ago F. M. Farwell of this
city had a chick hatch out at his home, which
can go the exhibited freak one better. The
little bird has lour distinct legs, and is ap
parently as healthy as the other chicks
hatched out at the same time.
HIS CREMATORY ON HAND
Schaffer Erected a Building but
His Plant Was Re
jected.
Captain Hackett Awarded a Contract
That Is to Cover the Next
Ten Years.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Jan. 24. {
Louis Schaffer, ex-Chief of Police, has
lost his prospect of getting the garbage
contract. On the strength of certain ex
pected support, tie says, Schaffer built an
extensive scientific garbage crematory
near the Peralta marsh, and last night the
Council awarded the bid to collect and de
stroy the city's garbage to Captain John
Hackett for ten years. .
"Before erecting that crematory," said
Mr. Schaffer to-day, "I talked with many
members of the Council, and they all en
couraged me to go ahead. I heard of Cap
tain Hackett's plan and wentto San Fran
cisco to make inquiries, and was informed
that the Government authorities would
forbid any dumping of garbage i:>
side the heads. The Health Office
sent in an estimate to the Council
that $15,000 would be required to
build a crematory, $1000 for a site and $500
per month for expenses. I offered to build
the crematory free '. of charge to the city,
; and to destroy all" garbage for $350 per
month. After building the crematory, the
contract is awarded to others.
"Captain Hackett cannot possibly fulfill
his contract. He intends to load the gar
bage on a barge and tow it out to sea. His
contract says it has to bo taken away every
day except Sundays. There has not been
a day this year when a barge could be
towed outside the heads. The contractor
evidently thinks that. he will be permitted
to dump into the bay, but the Dredging
Inspector informed me that such a method
would not be tolerated."
City Attorney Peirsol advised the Coun
cil that tne contract to Hackett for ten
years is not legal, out Peirsol, as a mem
ber of the Hoard of Works, has been au
thorized to award the contract for ten
years, so he is at present a little uncertain
as to his future action.
Captain Hackett has agreed that he will
not charge any more for collections than
is being charged at present.
A special meeting of the Board of Works
has been called for to-morrow morning to
consider the matter.
THE SAN LEANDRO ROW.
| No Agreement Reached Last Night at the
Meeting of Authorities. -*";'.'
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., Jan. 24.— The
meeting of the Town Trustees and the offi
cials of the Haywards electric road was
productive of no agreement . to-night.
When the trouble of Wednesday was over
there was a disposition on the pan of all
concerned to compromise the difficulty by
making a circuit of a couple of blocks.
To-night the Trustees. stated that they
had decided to grant no new privilege to
the company, as they believed that the
railroad people only had a right to lay one
track on Haywards avenue, and they pro
posed to see that this privilege was not ex
ceeded. As there was no possibility of
amicably adjusting the- matter, the meet
ing adjourned. -
"We shall now have to apply to the
courts for an injunction against the town,
restraining it from interfering with what
we consider our rights," said a railroad
man to-night. ''This will bring the matter
to a head. We consider that we have a
franchise to lay double ; tracks, but
we are . willing to do • anything that
will ' enable us to improve our ser
vice. : Of course, we shall, now be
guided by the courts. 'We shall not at
tempt to do a single thing till we have a
decision. - ■- y ■--■-.. .
"We shall make the actions of the Town
Marshal the basis of a petition for an in
junction. We thought the Trustees would
have been willing to arrive at some kind
of an agreement, but we now see that
nothing is to be done in that way. We
shall make no : midnight descent on the
streets and provoke Another row, but shall
at once take steps to -ascertain just what
our rights are."
There is a feeling of uncertainty , in the
town that the railroad will; make another
attempt to lay the hated double track, and
several men are constantly on .-watch to
give notice of any such movo. If the fire
bell should be rung or a pistol ; shot be
heard all San Leandro would be around
the plaza in five minutes.
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1696.
RELIANCE CLUB BENEFIT
Maedonough Theater Thronged
by the Leaders of Society
at Oakland.
MAUD MORRELL'S FAREWELL.
The Young Actress and the Old Charity
Company to Say Good-By to
. the Amateur Stage,
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 24. )
At the Reliance Club's benefit perform
ance of "7-20-8" at the Maedonough The
ater to-night every seat was occupied,
every box" was full and as many as dared
to brave the danger of arrest from a some
what indulgent lire warden, stood against
the walls with the stiffness of statuary,
trying to create the impression that they
were not legal obstructions. The new city
ordinance prevents the placing of chairs in
the aisles. :y/'A' *'"**
It was a great house, a fashionable
house. Warde and James, who are cred
ited with being able to draw larger and
more fashionable houses at the Maedon
ough Theater than any other stars, hav3
never been honored with such an outpour
ing of society as greeted the Charity com
pany to-night. It was an enthusiastic
house. Oakland's first-nighters are prov
erbially frigid, but were not so on this oc
casion. The spirit of gratitude burst
through the prevalent iciness of Athenian
etiquette and hundreds of pairs of dainty
hands clapped, and did so in such a man*
The Artistic Poster Page of the Reliance Club Souvenir, Given to Patrons at the Benefit Performance
in the Maedonough Theater, Oakland, Last Night. *
ner as to give the impression that they
enjoyed it. .
The Reliance Club has given many
benefit entertainments for the swelling of
various beneficent funds, and society
cheerfully embraced the opportunity to
respond when the club was to be the bene
ficiary.
A glimpse of that vast gathering from
the stage was all that is needed to remove
any doubt that may exist as to whether
Oakland has a society- of her own, inde
pendent of the bis,' City across the bay.
The lakeside set was there, the East Oak
land contingent was present, the Filbert
street delegation and the Piedmont clique
were all generously represented, and the
elegant toilets were as diversified as the
degrees of the claims to beauty of their
owners. The aristocracy of the boxes, the
dignified' galaxy in the dress circle, the
genial occupants of the balcony and the
somewhat awed deities under the roof, all
taken/together, presented an interesting
study. .
The play "7-20-8" is a comedy drama.
Courtney Corliss and Signor PalmiroTam
borinl see a painting of a youns lady and
her doc In a picture gallery. They both
fall in love with the picture and hunt for
the original. She is found by Corliss and he
energetically makes love to her. 'She hears
that a signor is also in love with her, and
dallies with Corliss. At last the' signor
arrives, and to the .great; disgust of Flos,
who [isj the •' original of the picture num
bered"7-20-8," the signor blandly inquires
how much she will take for her dog, there
by showing that the hound and not the
lady was the object of his search.
Miss Maud Morrell takes the part of
Flos, and as she joins the Frawley Com
pany next Monday this is her last appear
ance as an amateur. The various mem
bers of the company had so thoroughly re
hearsed that their lines were perfect and
their action such as would bo creditable to
professionals. > . •'',..
The.Charity company has been in har
ness so long that many of its members
have fully attained the rank of prolession
als. The whole play was very [carefully
! rendered, and, whether taken as a whole
j or whether viewed from the individual:
' parts of each member of the company, it
! was an unqualified success. ' ■
Saturday evening is to be turned into a
j good-by to Miss Morrell, who will then say
! adieu to the amateur stage, preparatory to
I her joining the Frawley company. Miss
| Morrell was ono of the original members
of the Charity company in "Held by the
Enemy," and those for whom she has
worked as an amateur in numerous ben
efits showed their appreciation of- her ef-
I forts.
Her friends and those whom she has
labored for in the past are going to take
charge of Saturday night in her interest.
The members of the Reliance Club and her
old companions in the original charily
company will make her farewell to the
amateur stage a royal one.
While Saturday, night is a farewell to
Miss Morrell as an amateur, it rs also a
general farewell to the charity company.
The members will retire to private life for
some time, ana if they ever return to the
public view of Oakland there will be
changes in its personnel. Louis Cooper of
the Columbia Dramatic School, who has
coached the amateurs, is very proud of
his work and its' results.
VI could take this company as it stands
to-day, and go on the road and make a hit
with it. It is a wonderfully strong little
company, and their performance is'excel
lent," said Mr. Cooper.
The souvenir programme contains 80
pages and is profusely illustrated with
views of the Reliance building and photo
graphs of members of the club who have
gained distinction. It also contains a
photogravure of the charity company and
a short history .of football. Altogether
the souvenir is one of the handsomest
that has been given out in any theater.
The front and back arc very unique
posters in the Aubrey Bcardsley style. The
front poster represents Palnuro Tainbo
rini gazing at "7-20-S," and beneath is
the hound that took the fancy of the
Signor. The setting is very artistic. It is
the work of H. P. Merritt.
The poster on the back represents bur
lesque comedy and tragedy and is very
finely drawn.
The complete cast in* the comedy is as
follows :
Courtney Corliss, a. gentleman of leisure with a
theory concerning boomerangs. . J. C. Wilson Jr.
Mr. 1 auncelot Barglsi, a retired party, who.be
comes the victim of the inevitable
...........Alex J. Kosborotich
Paul Hollyhock, his son-in-law. .Harry \V. Thomas
Signor PHimiro Tamborini, iate inaitre de bal
lei co vent Garden — Frank Ma* h!ea
A postman on bid round *...."W. 11. Qui mm Jr.
Professor U&alelgh, inventor anil founder of a "
refuge <'..?. Hickman
Mia. Hyputhia Bargiss, a lady possessed of an
ancrstor.. *. Mrs. J. Cal Kwlng
Dora Holiyl-.o.'k, her daugnter, with a Erier- ■
ance .'.*.. Daisy Belle Miarpp
Flos, the mnOb-SOOght "7-20-8"..... .Maud IMorr.-il
Jessie, with yearnings beyond her station.
■ — •■• .**■■■ I" d a Elsemere
A DARING ARREST.
Officer Ely Single-Handed Captures
Two Armed Men Suspected of
Beiuji; Burglars.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 24.— T0-night
Police Officer Ely made a daring capture,
which the department considers .im
portant. For some time Oakland's busi
ness community has been terrorized by
safe-crackers, and the patrol force, was in
structed to look out for suspicious
characters. '•'•■...
Late in the evening Ely observed three
men acting suspiciously on New Broad
way. Advancing on them »he drew his
pistol and ordered them to hold tip their
hands. One of the fellows broke and ran,
but Ely held the remaining two in check
uiuil a pedestrian named Parker came up
and searched the men. r 
Each man had on his person two loaded
guns, silk masks, cramps with screws for
forcing knobs off safe doors, monkey
wrenches and, ;in fact, - complete safe
crackers', outfit. . .'p^i^^&yßßßSßtti
A; the station they gave the names of
William " Fountain and Clarence Miner.
They are about 20 years of age I each, and
are unknown to the police. They sac
knowledge that they were in a "bad box."
j | Officer Ely is being complimented on his
'smart and courageous capture.
MOTHER OF SEVENTEEN.
. ■■....■■ .-.-■ -r^-v- ..
Mrs. Allen Breaks Down Men
tally After Bringing Up
a Big Family.
WAS A WIFE AT THIRTEEN.
In Early Years She Was a Prominent
Figure in Social Circles in-. .
Nevada.
Oakland Office San Francisco Callj
;■/.//'■.-.  903 Broadway, Jan. 24. ,
The commitment of Mrs. Louisa W.
Allen to the Napa Asylum for the Insane
has- brought to light a remarkable career.
Mrs. Allen was born in Washington, D. C,
in 1825. She was married in 1838 to Mr.
Allen, who was then about 20 years of age.
The two have lived together nearly fifty
eight years.
The illness of Mrs. Allen has nearly
prostrated the aged husband, who is an
employe of the Southern Pacific Company
and has been for many years. He and
Mrs. Allen have been residing with a son,
W. S. Allen, at 912 Filbert street, for more
than a year past. . -
Mrs. Allen; is the mother of seventeen
children. The youngest of these is a son,
who is now 34 years *of age and the head
of a family. The children were all born
in a period of about twenty-five years and
were remarkably strong and healthy.
Most of them have lived to grow up, but
several have died since childhood.
• Mr. and Mrs. Allen came west in the
early days of the State and were settled in
Nevada for some time. Mr. Allen was an
engineer and made a great deal of money.
The family was considered well-to-do and
was prominent socially. Mr. Allen was
among the very first engineers to run on
the Central Pacific road over the mount
ains and lias never severed' his connection
with the company. A number of his sons
have; been brought up working for- the
company from their boyhood days. They
all are considered good citizens and are
highly. respected. T/.y/Z ■; •
Among the .seventeen" children there
were four pairs of twins. After the chil
dren were born the family came to Cali
fornia and have resided here ever since.
W. S.Allen, next to the youngest son,
said to-day:
"I have desired for sometime past to
have mother placed where she could not
injure herself, or any one else, but have
been deterred by dislike for publicity. She
was likely at any time to attack any mem
ber of the family and had ' to be watched
all the time. She has been found with a
knife hidden on her person, and whenever
she could get a stick or cane she would
attempt to use it on any one within reach."
GOOD MEN AT DINNER.
Brotherhood of Andrew .and
Philip Will Have Their
Annual Banquet. .
■• "- '
Narrow Escape of a Liveryman Who
Was Driving a Fractious
• Team.
' ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 24.— The annual
dinner of the Brotherhood of Andrew and
Philip.Twenty-ninth; Chapter, will take
place in the parlors of the Congregational
church next Tuesday evening. - Rev. W.
\V. Scudder Jr. will deliver an address of
welcome 1 and informal greetings will fol
low. The * theme of the evening will .bo
"The Divine Life of Men."- There will be
ten speakers, limited to eight minutes
each, H and their subjects will be as follows:
"Pre-eminence and Supremacy of the Di
vine Life," Rev. William Rader; "The Di
vine Life. Under Fire.V Hon. J. M. Haven;
"The D.vine Lf e Smothered," Rev. J. K.
McLean; "The Divine Life at Work in
Personal Development," H. C: French,
M.D.; "The Divine Life at Work in Busi
ness Life," D. Gilbert Dexter; "The Di
vine Life at Work in Social Regeneration, "
Rev. G. B. Hatch; "The Divine Life at
Work in National Life," Rev. J. K. Harri
son; "The Divine Life at Work Minister
ing to Man." Rev. E.S.Williams; "The
Divine Life at Work Saving Men," Rev. L.
D.''Rathbone; "Whence Gained, How Se
cured and Maintained," Rev. E. S. Chan
man.
A Narrow Escape.
ALAMEDA Cal., Jan. 24.— D. W. Mar
tin, liveryman and ex-Supervisor, had a
close call from death this 'morning. He
was driving a pair of colts to a light cart
on Central avenue, near. Sherman street.
A narrow-gauge train was coming toward
Park street, and thinking to avoid the
chance of an accident he . attempted to
rein his team into Sherman street. But
the spirited young animais had also seen
the train and it frightened them so that
they began to rear and plunge. Then they
began to back and succeeded in getting
the vehicle .upon the track. Just then
Mr. Martin's attention was attracted by a
roar in the opposite direction and looking
up he saw a train approaching that way.
Redoubling his efforts hefinally succeeded
in throwing the outer horse, and the other
falling over it, swung the vehicle around
so that it cleared the train as it rushed
past by about a foot. The escape was very
narrow and pretty well unnerved Mr.
Martin. — -/py- : : p-.:P:
*A*p A Preacher's , Marriage.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 24.— Rev. Henry
Victor Morgan of the First Christian
Church will be married to-morrow at 3
o'clock to Miss Christine Rhodes. The
ceremony will take place at the residence
of the bride's brother, , Harry Rhodes,
Encinal avenue, between Fountain and
Court streets. The bridegroom will occupy
his pulpit in the morning, but not in the
evening. Rev. W. A. Gardener of San
Francisco will perform the ceremony.
Rev. and Mrs. Morgan will for the pres
ent reside at 878 Cedar street with the
family of F. W. Thompson, where Mr.
Morgun has made his home ever since his
pastorate in Alameda.
V*;- Anna' Shaw to Come.
" ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. J24 — The Politi
cal Equality Club will hold its regular bi
monthly meeting in Grand Army Hall
next Monday evening. A paper will be
read by Emma Seckle Marshall, entitled
"Snapshots at the Suffrage' Question."
The "club announces that it has secured
the services of Rev. Anna Shaw for the
evening of March 18, 1896. The title of
her lecture will be "The New Man."
FRED RAWSON'S MUMMY
Berkeley's Deputy Marshal Buys
r ~ the Old-Time San Diego
Giant.
Professor Hudson's Lecture on Walt
Whivman— State "Viticultural
Commission Apparatus.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24.— Deputy
Marshal Fred Rawson has purchased the |
gigantic mummy, 8 feet 4 inches in height,
found at San Diego last year, and he pro- i
poses to travel with it through California j
as soon as it reaches Berkeley. The I
mummy is now in Washington, where the j
previous owners have been for some time !
trying to sell it to the Smithsonian Insti- I
tution. The only thing that stood in the I
way.of a sale was the price, and upon this j
the owners and the institution could not !
agree. Rawson,: who is a .professional
taxidermist and a lover of curios, watched
the progress of the deal, and when he found
"that there was difficulty stepped in and
purchased the skeleton of the freak. Raw
son has a small fortune invested in curi
osities and rare specimens from various
sections of the globe, and he proposes to
put the best of these into a wagon with the
bones of the giant and traverse California
in real "dime-museum-ou-wheels" style.
He expects that the mummy will reach
California in May.
' "Lecture on Walt Whitman.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24.— Professor
William H. Hudson of the English depart
ment of Stanford University lectured at
Stiles Hall this 'evening on "Walt Whit
man." . This was the first of a series of
six lectures to. be given within the next
three months under the auspices of the
Unitarian society of Berkeley. Professor
Hudson was well received, the audience
being large, and made up largely of univer
sity professors and students.
The professor is Spencerian in his phil
osophy, and accordingly Whitman was
criticized along the lines of Spencerian be
liefs. The lecturer criticized the pantheis
tic tendency in W'hitmau, and showed the
superiority of Sp-nceriau philosophy of
the unknowable to the vague platitudes of '
universal brotherhood and the world spirit
of Whitman. He .vas also criticized from
the artistic point of view, and illustrated
by reference" to Wordsworth and Brown
ing.
Viticultural Commission Apparatus.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24.— Professor
E. W. Hilgard of the chair of agriculture
at the university and his staff are busily
engaged in arranging and properly cata
loguing the valuable books and apparatus
of the recently abolished Viticultural Com
mission. The department has found
among the property many rare scientific
works and expensive instruments which
th*y were sorely in need of.
Before Governor Budd had revealed to
him the condition of the commission Pro
fessor Setchell of the botanical department
ordered from the East a $300 work on
fungi. He has . now countermanded the
oruer, as the work he was in need of has
been found among the books received from
the commission.
University "Dogs Boycotted.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24.— The free
dom and sway of some of the University
of California professors' dogs was threat
ened to-day.
• Poundmaster Louderbach with a retinue
of canine chasers took : by storm the small
band of curs which inhabit the university
corridors during the greater part of the
day. The specimens of the i enus evidently
knew what was coming, for; there was a
scattering in all directions of sheep dogs,
skye terriers, bull terriers and woolly curs.
They were too quick.for the Poundmas
ter and by their swiftness escaped nn taken.
The dogs about the buildings have long |
been a subject of disgust to the students,
but they .have' been powerless to do any
thing in the way of ridding them, as most
of them were the property of professors.
Official signs prohibiting dogs from enter
ing the buildings have been posted for the
past year, but to no. apparent purpose, so
now the noundman has been* given the
privilege of ridding the campus of all un
tagged dogs regardless of ownership.
Sophomore Class Election. -
: BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 24.— The sopho
mores held tneir semi-annual class elec
tion this afternoon.. Following were the
officers chosen for the ensuing term:
President, Arthur L. Dorn; first vice-pres
ident, - Percy 'M: Newhali; , second vice
president, Miss L. G. Booard ; secretary, A.
C. Olney; treasurer, R. F. Hill; executive
committee^— Graham, Reeve, Miss Pheian,
Thayer and Leggett. ;
' President Dorn says that he proposes to
go to work at ouce on plans to breaK up
the "freshies' bourdon," which will be held
in. May. "They will never reach the
campus with their procession and = red
lights,!' said he, "as we ; propose to give
them the game medicine that they got in
the last rush with us.".
Baseball Next "Wednesday. .
BERKELEY, Cal., Jam 24.-The Uni
versity of California freshnien-sophomora
baseball ' game will take , place next
Wednesday afternoon on the Varsity
diamona. Blasingame will captain the
sophomores and Spence the freshmen.
This will be the first U. C. baseball con
test of the season. Harry B. Qninan, '97,
was to-day elected assistant manager of the
Varsity team. ■ : '
TO IMPROVE THE HARBOR
The Oakland Board of ) Trade
Adopts Resolutions About
Dredging.,
Dredging That Will Enable Deep-Sea
Vessels to Reach the New
Port of Entry.
Oakland Office San Fka>*cisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 24. j
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted by the board of directors
of the Oakland Board of Trade at a special
meeting held to-day: *Vr -'7:7:
Whereas, The Government of the United
States has expended large sums of money on
the improvement of the Oakland harbor, and
is at present deepening the channel to twenty
feet at low water between the wharves of this
j city and the deep water of the bay of San
Francisco by dredging of the Ihardpan, which
in many places is equal to the hardness of
.sandstone and cannot be removed by the tidal
currents or any process but by dredging; and
whereas, we have been informed by reliable
authority that to complete the dredging be
tween our wharves and the deep water of the
•bay will cost about $250,000; and whereas,
the deepening of this channel will allow ves
sels loaded to come to our wharves without
first unloading a part of their cargoes in San
Francisco; and whereas, the one article of
coal alone costs every householder and con
sumer at least 50 * cents pet ton extra,
in consequence of not having deep
water as aforesaid in sad channel; and
whereas, a Custom-house has been opened
in this city by the Government where impor
tations from foreign countries are receiving
attention at the hands of our Collector; and
whereas, the Government engineers have
recommended in their last report to the Sec
retary of War that this channel aforesaid be
deepened and extended westerly to the bay of
San Francisco ; .."••-.:-• *
Resolved, That the board indorses and ap
j proves of the recommendation of Colonel Men
t dell of the Government engineers to continue
this year the deepening of the channel from
our wharves to the bay of San Francisco.
Resolved, That we respectfully call the atten
tion of the city government to the above facts,
and request our repiesentatives in Congress to
vigorously urge "an appropriation to be made
for the purpose of deepening said channel dur
ing the present year. . -•.*:.-M*-r-,- : —
GEffEKAL GBANT WAS CLUBBED.
But Made No Complaint Against the
Bluocoat Who Did It.
Once upon a time General Grant was
beaten. He was beaten in less than half a
minute, and he made no attempt to fight
back. As a result of this beating there is
to-day in New York a trembling police
man, and here is the story of the affair:
Jacob Riis tells it. When it happened
he was a reporter at police headquarters
for the Associated Press.
"The Masonic Temple was on fire," says
Mr. Riis. "The temple is on the corner
of Twenty-third street and Sixth avenue,
and the fire happened mOre than ten years
ago. The fire - lines were formed, snow
was falling and the police were out of ter
n' per. Along from the Fifth Avenue Hotel
I there came a small man, with his hands in
| his pockets and a big cigar sticking out of
j the corner of his mouth. He did not no
■ tice the fire lines or anything, but walked
j straight ahead with his head down.
jHe ran into the arms of a big
j policeman, who had tired himself
I pushing people back. 'Blank, blank,
blank 1* said the policeman. 'do you take
I me for a wooden Indian?' Without wait-
I ing for an answer the policeman seized
the small man by the collar and, with ; a
few more blanks, brought his club with a
loud whack across the small man's back
below the waist. The small man said not*
a word, barely looked up and resumed bis
walk, with his hands still in his pockets.
I said to the policeman, whom I knew:
'Great heavens, man! do you know what
you've dene? Do you know who that was
you clubbed?' 'Naw,' said the policeman.
'I don't.' 'Well,' I said, 'it's General
Grant,' and his face fell almost a foot."
The man who clubbed old General Grant
is still on the force, and Mr. Riis knows
him. At present General Grant's son is a
Police Commissioner with the power of
blighting policemen's lives. The police
man who clubbed the Commissioner's
father is now wondering and trembling as
he wonders whether by any chance his
name or number was handed down in the
Grant family. He need not wonder, for it
was not, and Mr. Riis does not propose to
tell who the policeman was. Besides, savg
Mr. Riis. General Grant set a good ex
ample when he took his brief clubbing like
a little man and walked on without a
murmur. He knew that he had run into a
sentry on duty and was pleased to escape
so easily. General Grant's, son would
probably not take as calm a view as Mr.
Riis does of General Grant's clubbing, but
it is not likely that he would be very
vengeful. He is a mild man, not anxious
for gore or trouble.— New York World. •
Several of the Ishperaing (Mich.) miners
who recently emigrated to South Africa
write that they are earning big wages, and
that the country isn't half as rough as they
expected. '
NEW. TO-DAY.
Gladness Comes
With a better understanding of the
" » transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills which vanish before proper ef-
forts—gentle efforts— pleasant efforts—
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. ' That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which-, promotes internal
cleanliness, without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep-
utable druggists. , . r
If in the enjoyment of : good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa-
tives or other remedies are not needed.
If afflicted with any actual disease, one .
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, aud with
'-. the well- informed everywhere, Syrup of j
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
1314
LUCKY DOG WAS BID UP
Winning a Selling Race Proves
Expensive for the Sprint
er's Stable.
LOGAN WON A HANDICAP.
Jobbery Was Suspected in the Fifth
Race and a Change of Jockeys
Was Made.
The stable of Burns & Waterhouse cap
tured the cheap five and a half furlong
dash that opened the day's racing at the
Bay District track yesterday, but it proved
an expensive win. Lucky Dog was pitted
against a cheap lot of "crabs," and start
ing a hot 4 to 5 favorite he won walking
from Conde, with Catch 'Em in third
place. The giant son of imp. Darebin was I
entered to be sold for $500. Frank Taylor, !
the owner of Conde, who finished second,
bid him up to $1500, the stable retaining
him. An aboveboard part of the trans
action was that Mr. Taylor did the bid
ding himself and did not send a potato
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Courteenth Day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Cold. Track
* Heavy. Bay District Track, San Francisco, Friday, January 1896.
and up; conditions; allowances; purse
. J3OO.
Index.
Horse, age, weight, j St.
Btr.
P-pt(lng.
Op. Cl.
448 Lucky Dog, 5 120 5
onde. 6 120 1
555 (HUh'Kni, 6 107 3
600 Coleman, 4 1!:: 2
540 \\". L. aiunsou. ii.109 11
546 I'odit;a,6 117| 6
Vtrdette. 4 10lj H
ISIS llyman.a. 117 7
560 Uncertainty, a.... I*o l 10
895 Playfnl. 4.. 105 4
Hal Kisher. a 120 9
1 ii
- '.3
4 i
3 2
91
61
5 1
12
3 3
44
Y£
5 li
9y 2
10 3
11
81
62
1 2
3 2
44
2 4
63
64
it
10
11
w
1 2 Doggett I
23 Bnaw
3li i K.Jones
4 4 T. Walker !
B 1 C Sloan j
6 10 ,\V. Flrrin
7 1 Bozeman j
8 2 liinrichs
9 2 Coady
10 4 Weaver ,
1 1 8 I-. Lloyd !
I 4-5
'7
7
12
12
\t
15
6
i2O
10
10
4-5
10
12
15
15
25
30
- 6
40
8
25
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. h., by imp. Darebin-Lou Lanler At
£IS minutes. Time. 1 :09 :< 4 .
sp i 1 iNi) BACE— Seven furlongs; t
. course: purse $400.
; conditions; allowances: inside
! Horse, age, weight.
St.
Vfc
str.
i Fin. I
Jockeys.
Betting.
op. ci.
5M Hennanita, i..:. .115 4 33 2 3 13
671 Zarai;oza, G 1-0 7 5*4 4 4 3 3
507 Regan. 4 120 S x 5h 4 5
49-J Vernon.4 120 :<■ 13 lh 21
4t54 Imp.Endymlon,B.lo3 1 t> l•> 64 til
818 Tom Clarice, 4 133 5 71 7 7
472 Fin Slaughter, a .117 2 SI :< 1 5 2
' ■,! 123 ti ■!=, pulled up
13 14 H. M;irnn !
•-' 2 ' 2 1 L. Lloyd ;
3% 3V 3 C. Sloan
4 3 4 3 iDo.gett
5 3 5 6 Coady ;...
6 4 620 E. Slaughter ...
7 7 Anderson
'. Hinrichs j
I 3
10
8
6
2
4
20
10
4-5
40
20
15
3
8
60
20
Good start. Won easily. Winner, J. G. Follansbees blk. m., Dy Fresno-sister to Jim Douglas.
y THJKD BACK— One mile and a furlong; handicap: purse $500.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
ndex. Horse, age, weight. I fit Bid. *A 1 2 \*A Str. | Fin. j Jockeys. ! o BeU
MS Logan, a 110 1 2h 2h 22 SS :2 3 11 Dosgett . 1^
616 Little Cripple, 5.. 102 842 M 2 S3 H6 SlO 2li ( oa.H- ..' "1 8-5
865 Fred Gardner, 6.. 96 4 liuili : l^ iu 11 -^ 320 Cochran^ 5
659 Roma, 4 92 2 KU 4 4 4 ' 'A 4 (Jarner. ,6
Str. Pin.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
ting.
Cl.
1
5-2.
7
5
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Alex Shields' t>. h.. by Voltigeur-Pen. Time, 1:57.
588. MwSllSv^Jwm.****™ 1 ' furlcngß: BellinK: four-year-olds and upward; conditions;
Index. Horse, age, weight.
Si '
V4
i
Str. I
i'in. , Jockeys.
1 3 Doggett
2 3 J. Chora
3h Bozeman
4 6 Cochran
5 6 ißallard
6 3 Burns
7 2 McClain
8 3 H.Martin
9 3 C.Russell
10 10 Hhaw
1120 Hlnrichs
12 Peoples
IS !c Sloan ;
I Betting.
' Op. Cl.
264 TheJudpe, 5 120
r>:.s Chartreuse 1, .107
1235 (Duke Elevens, 6.. 112
668 • lleStonewall.4.lol
489 omrade, 6 117 ;
652 Imp. Empire,a...ll7
538 Mlddleion.6 117
•340 I Martinez 5 120
£05 My Sweetheart, 4.lll
617 Kathleen, a 115
(509) Gold Dust, 6 110
501 Hetal, a 110
628 Joe Hill, a 117
3 1 3
2 4 4
1 21
7 52
4 3h
9 7^B
t> 101
8 82
10 91-3
5 Ki"
13 ■ IS
11 11 1
12 12%
1 1
3h
a i
5 5
7 41/3
9
8
10
6
11
! 12
13
~TT-\
3V a I
2 li
4 a
54
7
8
9
10
6
11
12
18
2
6
8
4
8
7
15
8
10
4
IB
100 ,
10
4
6
4
7
12
25
30
15
8
20
30
25
G ood start. Won easily. Winner, Z. A braham's b. h., by Imp. Loyalist-British Queen. At post 17
QUt£B* 1 1111''. I'. 1 I *>.
ll<>n' il • RACE ~ Flve and a half furlongs; selling: three-year-old fillies; allowances; purse
Index. Horse, age, weight, s;.
ndex. Horse, age, weight. j St. 14 xi, j S 4 j Str.
(568)iSummerTime,3..102J 7 4 1 3h I2 iA
(506)|LaMascota, 3....103 4 32 44 I\i
645 Easel, 3 99 6 lh 11 32
474 Tennessee-Maid, 3. loo 1 22 2V. 45
518 VlrgieA, 3 100 5 54 54 54
619 City Girl. 3 97 S 6V« 7 7
570 |Mlnniell,3 107 2 7 6 5 6 2
1
Ifip.
:ng.
Cl.
1 2 I Earner I
2 6 Coady
SI McClain
4 4 K. Jones
510 Cochran
6 3 Keidy
7 J. Ciforn
1
e-l
6-5
10
3
10
10
20
6
4-5
6-2
30
10
25
100
12
smrnu < t« S ' ? i"m^ N l O 10 hallClily ' Winner ' El rrimero stable's b. i., by Fitzjames-Springlike. At coil
'90. Uo^TailoVance7f^e nSS(lnSldeCOUr3e): BelUDg; < -year-old S and upward; condl-
! Horse, age, welsht.
St -
Vt
Vz
tt ;
Btr.
Fin. JocKevs. I o^ ett
1 li/ W. Flynii 7~
2 3 Shmv 6
3V2 i Combs 20
420 jßozeman ....... 3
6 3 i". -laughter 10iJ
6% 11. Martin 6
7 1 McClain 12
8 1 Doggett 3
9 Wiikins SO
Betting.
Op. CL
ting.
CL
5
8
30
16-5
100
4
8
75
682 EUle,3 100 8 11W 1 \V*
465 ( iilulo.-ue, 4 120 5 3 1 2 3
671 Alexis, 5 126 4 71 K4
552 Skalkaho, 3 102 7 9 7h
579 Green Kiver, 4....120 8 41 42
667 Valiente, 3 108 B 6b 6V 2
496 LonsD'Or, 5 123 1 2 h 3 h
575 FlFi.4 120 9 8h 9
1213 Manhattan, 5 1281 2 5 2 5h
i
1 4
24
33
4 1
6 3
IP
I*
15
2 3
8 5
43
6V a
6*5
7 1
81
9
Good «aru Won easily. Winner, C. J. Quiuu'sch. f., by Fello.veharm- Elsie S. At post 14
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the California Jockey Club, Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
Clstar.ee are given. ucotwi
Abbreviations— F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE— About six furlongs; maidens; three-year-olds.
Index.
K.-st
Lbs record.
Dist. Lbs Tk.
Annie B 102 .
1282 Collier 304
679 Miss Lucy 102
471 Harry O 104
674 Globe '104
674 Attiams 108 .. . .
674 Little Jimmie.. 1 109 '.'. '.'.'..
466 Japan 104
674 Joe Terry 107 . i
.... J. liih'y (irovrr ("levr-land-by Kelpie
Idaho stablo Suniiain-Liidy Collior
.... 11. Floyd I Kt-d Iron-Mollie Wutkins
.... F. O'Konrke limp. Trade Winrl-Dolly S
.... li. Scbreiber imp. Keene-Plnkey
.... \\ . 1). Randall limp. Invcriifss-Amnity
.... E. Corrigan Lonjcfellow-F.ena B
M.T.Donovan Linden-i-11 .-»■♦■ ::~s
ißurusAWaterlioiisf, Flambeau-Imp. Teardrop
....
....
KECOND RACE- Five and r. half
; selling.
Name.
I Best :
: Lbs record . : Dist.
Lbs Tk.
666 i MaiorCook 102;l:07%4 5i 2 f
583 Sea Spray 97 1:14^ 6f
577 '..-orKe Miller... 103|l:13V* 6'
(583)iToano 11011:063a 5V a f ',
573 Malnitay 10811:13% 6f
(611) Hymn 11.7 1:13 *6 f
• i7 i'ertiapa 97 I:O7V* si/a»
302 [Monitor 97 1:15 »6*
105 V... F.M.Taylor ; Bulwark-sister to Violet
iIOO F... I>. siebenthaler Imp. Mariner-Maranette
lib h ... \\ . It, S:ann.'ld Ix)ftin-Kmma
111 F... Wm. Bloombaugh.. Lonefellow-Salara
lYi E - ? ik T ton st »ble imp. Marln-r-QueenEmma
1111.t... L. Lloy.l Himyar- nalt
110 F... Neil & Coney , Koscusko-May Viley
91 F... .California stable — ; Imp. hir Modred-Visalia
THIRD KAC'K-Onemile; Norfolk stakes.
1
Name.
i i Best I
Lbs i record. Dist.
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
(681) Ros-bud 112 1:411, lm
444 Peter 11 110 l:4H 4 1 m
(SKtJ. l!<Tmanlta 105 1 : 381/4 7 f
580 FlasbliKht 117 1:41 1 m
2H7 1 avory 104 1:15 6f
5H5 Imp.MarKuby. 110 1: 445. 1 m "
««1 Midas Up 1:41% 1 m
105 F... U\imsA\Vaterhous(! Ty ran t-Kose maty
1"K Ka. Klmwood s ock fnu Imp. Brut 113- Bonnie Jean
lln H.. J. O. iollansbee... Fresno-Sis, to Jim Douglass
HH ha. Hope Clen stk frm. Siirirmm-I.aura Winston
104 F... A. V. Miller John A-Lowena R
108 11.. (J. B. Morris <fe Co.. i Hampton-Ornament
93F...1D. Williams I Kmoress Xorfoik-Winona
FOX. RTH RACE— Short course; steeplechase handicap: Lorillard Stakes.
Name.
Best I
Lbs record . > Dist.
Lbs Tk.
(476) | St. Brandon ....
457 Bellrlnger
•543 My Luck
Lordlike
675 JOC
(571) Three Forks....
541 Janus.
675 Curmel
671 Col. Weightmn.
(537) M.-stor
536 Moderoclo
12'J4 Mero..
680 Lonnleß
435 Little -Mid
160 3:24 •li m 1391F...
150 -2:45 V2 lV 2 m 150 F...
143,3:17 li/am 135 H..
146 3:24*" *lV2m 122 v...
l^j^ec B | mF -
-138 1:57 *l m 184 F...
HKNii2?36 'Mb 127 H..
1»6 3:23 •l^Jna 128 F...
130 .\ o rec ' 1
130 3:21% »lVsm,i32 V.'.'.
|128 | 1 |
J. Brenock Imp. St. Ulalse-ciutnn
S. C. Hildrelh Troubador-Boscobelie
B.C Hildreth I>ick Whittiiißtn-Luck Now
S. a Hildreth IVassel- Ladylike UCKTSOW
Klkton stable I Apache-Irene
F. Farrar Spokane-Trifle
B. fcchrelber Duke Norfolk-Elaine
F. M. Taylor Duke Norfolk-Carmen
I A. O. Blakely Warfellow-Lessie P
:O. Farrar Falsetto- Woodlark
|O. B. Morris & Co.. 'lmp. Sir Modred-Preclosa
J. Field Wildidle-Precious
P. F. Maley Imp. Lonrion-Luella
I Del Monte stable... .Imp. Midlothlan-Probabllty
♦Old Index
FIFTH RACE— feeven and a half furlongs; handicap.
(587)
1374
(676)
(494):
I Kest j
Name. Lbs record.
L0gan......: — 113 1:40
GUead 110 1:481/4
Strathmeatb.... 108 1:44 j
Gratify..... 82|1i37^
Name.
D!»t. :
1 m
1 1-16
lm
7 T
Ua
119
118
107
114
Tk.
F...
K...
H..
F...
iA. Shields
; Hvcamore stable
\a. B. Morris it Co..
/Wesichester stable.
Voltiguer-Pert
St. Saviour-Mistake
Strathmor<f-F!owerofMeath
Tfl RACE— Five and a half
Kame.
1.,,
I Dlst.
I
,Tlc.j Owner.
.... P.Archibald..... ..
F... D. C01eman .......
.... William Di.xon
F... M. Ke11y.... . "|
1'... .T. T. Ambrose... '. ' '
Fa C. 11. Jnirkee.
H.\ B. S,-hr;eber...;;;;'
F... iOdc-11 5tab1e.........
l\. H.Jones ...........
.... K.Kaufman........ '
K..,J.. McD0na1d....;... j
4
Pedigree.
Joe Hooker-Clara L
Versailles-cousin Kate
Imp. ■ Blackbird 11-Cnarity
•Sid-Dottle Dimple • .
Bend Or-Idalsreen
St. Saviour-Miss Mitford
Zorilla-Fraulein
l'iTf>Krine-Lady Foster
I'owhattan-Hattie Harris
Cyclone-Mannle .-. .
i Ironclad-Onknown
Lbs'
i
' "555"
"(584)
(12141
(459)
r>»4
656
472
**'645
Chevalier.
H »rry Lewis. . . .
Chiuook
Hueneme
Barcaldine
.Beatrice
Zoolein...
l'.anio..
I Cor Buckngham
1 Rapid ...;
105 1
97 1:13*4
107
100 1:08 ;
97 1:14V 3 ,
95 1:10 Vi
103 l:l«V 4
97 1:07%
97 l:08V2
US .Ti
I 97 1:0214
I
♦6f
! !
5'2 f
*6f
51.2 f
6f
5y 3 f
; . ..
ii'""
"90
*99
95
94
102^
96'
95
,£>oledad
peddler, or song-vender, or some of that
ilk, to do his bidding. On several occa
sions at the Bay District track horses have
been "boosted" by unknown persons, hire
lings of the real instigator, who kept him
self in the background, a beggarly speci
men of some of the latter-day sportsmen.
On Thursday Hueneme was bid up in a
selling event and after his owner had pro
tected him as far as his purse would per
mit he was obliged to let his horse go.
The bidder - up was one Howard, out
side man for bookmaker Leo Mayer. Mr.
Mayer disclaimed any connection with the
affair. Mr. Howard is not a man of
wealth, but the "association" went good
for him. If these are the conditions under
which a poor man must race his bread
winner, the sooner he goes into some
other business the better off he will be.
Bookmakers complained yesterday that
the play was light. "Why should it be oth
erwise? "'Dogs" that it was supposed the
curtain had been rung down on months
ago again appeared on the surface. The
mile and a furlong handicap was the only
event on the card that had any class about
it. Big bettors cannot be expected to "un
load" on the sort of "critters" that started
yesterday..
One penciler remarked, "they only back
one horse at this track." And the horses
that carried. the bulk of the coin in the
first five races passed the wire in front.
Elsie was the only outsider to win.
Harvey's new percentage game has
proven such a magnetic attraction that it
would not be surprising to see one running
in many of the downtown joints, out of
sight of the watchful eye of the police.
Only four started in the mile and a fur
long handicap. Logan was an even money
favorite, with Little Cripple second choice.
Fred Gardner and Roma were the other
starters. Fred Gardner led to the stretch,
where the favorite took the lead and won
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 3596.
by a length. Little Cripple. took the place
from Gardner by a neck. Cody rode a
poor race on Little Cripple. Instead of
making his move when Doggett on the
favorite did, on the turn before reaching
the stretch, he waited until well straight
ened away for home, losing his chance for
the long end of the purse.
Hermanita was backed down from threes
to 4 to 5, and won the second event at seven
furlongs over the inside course as she
pleased, with Zaragoza in second place.
Nicodemus broke down, being scarcely able
to hobble off the track.
The Judge opened a 2 to 1 choice for the
fourth race at rive and a half furlongs, and
receded to fours. He led all the way and
won easily by three lengths. Chartreuse 1
took the place from Duke Stevens.
A job was suspected in the fifth event, a
five and a half furlong spin. Summer
time and La Mascota both opened at 6 to 5.
The latter went back to 2% and 3 to 1, and
two or three prominent bookmakers made
complaint to the judges, evidently think
ing the fast mare a "corpse." Coady was
then substituted for H. Martin. Easel
led to the stretch, where Summer Time,
who had been played down to 4 to 5,
assumed the lead and beat La Mascota out
easily by two lengths.
The next race was another cheap seven
fuxlong run over the inside course. Elsie,
a 5 to 1 chance, led most all of the distance
and won cleverly from Catalogue. Fi Fi
and Skalkaho, the favorites, brought up in
the ruck.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph and Caroline H. Wilson to Lucy B. Hol
man. lot on SK corner of Filbert street Van
>esj avenue, 8 137:6 by E 107:llVs: tb.
, same to same, lot on E line of Van Ness avenne,
137:68 of Filbert street, E 37:8, 72:61/8.8
:lli/ 2 : $b.
Olof Matt son to Augusta Mattson, lot on NW
» of La;;uiia street. 107:6 Sof California, S3O
by \V 110; gift.
D. L. and Fannie P. Farnsworth toChanning H.
Cook, lot on \V line of Baker street, 102:8 V* -V of
Washington, N 25 by XV 106:3: $10.
John M. Murphy to Marie Murphy, lot on N line
of Geary street. 89:9 XV of Wood, W 61 by N 81:3:
City and County of San Francisco to Patrick and
Margaret Kurisht, lot on SE line of Bowie avenue,
182:6 I**K of Eleventh street, NE 22:6, SE 70, SW
22:6, NW 70; if . '
Pacific Savings and Homestead Association to
Albert Gall, lot on 8 line of Temple (Twenty- fifth)
re ™ 1 &* ) E of Douglas, E 80 by S 114, "lot 10,
block r, Pacific Savings and Homestead Associa
tion; I** .
Albert Gall to J. B. Lewis, same; $10.
Nettle M. Levy to Arthur H. Crane, lot on E
corner of Seventh and Natoma streets, NE 75 by
SK 25; $10. ...
M. B. and Sarah Levy to same, same. Quitclaim
deed: $10.
J. A. and Mary L. Shaw to Charles L. Üboff, lot
on iv. line of Kansas street, 200 S of Yolo, S 60 by
XV 100: $10,
Charles L. and Caroline Übhoft* to F. M. Freund,
Jot on XV line ot Kansas street, 200 S of Yolo, S 50
by W 100; $10. . . .
Horace C. Mercer to Thomas Buchanan, lot on S
line of Lakes 82:6 E of Third avenue, E 50
by & 100, suuject to mortgage; $10. .
Thomas and Mary Buchanan to Horace C. Mer
cer, lot on E line of Third avenue, 150 S of Lake
street, 8 25 by E 120: $10.
John XV. and Annie L. Wright . to Cynthia Leon
ard, lot on E line of Twentieth avenue, 132:5 N of
It street, N 150, SE 120:2, S 150, NW 120:2- $10.
Amelia A. Connor to Melchior Vogel, 10. on XV
"00 o* Head street, 175 S of Garfield, s 50 by \V
100, block 44, City Land Association; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Paul
Breon, lot i, plat 1. Germania Section; $1.
A LAM KIM COUNTY.
:N \-^-. and Grace v " Fay to Albert Port Jr., lot on
the -N "A corner of the county road (Oakland to San
Leandro) and Central avenue, W 266.03, N 281.23,
E 35*1.03, S 294.30 to beginning, containing 2
acres, being lots 1 to 15, Central Tract (subject to
mortgage for $2000), Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles M. and Ida T. Dougherty to M. J. Lay
mance, lot on E corner of new county road irom
Oakland to San Leandro and Adeline street, NE
341 by SE 159, block D. oak Tree Farm Tract,
subject to deed of trust to San Francisco Savings
Union for $6000, Brooklyn Township; $10.
M. J. and Mary 1.. Laymance to Mary A. Sur
ryhne (wife of Isaac), same, Brooklyn Township;
$10. .
People's Home Savings Bank to Johanna A.
Ruppert, lot on SW corner of Twenty-eighth and
Myrtle streets, W 123:6 by S 35, block 624, Oak
land; $11).
James A. and Celia M. Johnson to J. E. Prewett,
lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue, 100 SE of
Twenty-first street, 8 60 byE 100, block 128, Clin
ton, East Oakland; .$lO.
Martin Walsh to Bernard .""perry, lot on S line of
East Fifteenth street, 15 Eof east boundary line Of
the town of San Antonio, thence E 75 by S 160,
portion of Cannon Tract, East Oakland $1.
Georg XV. Zlttle to Lottie Zlttle, lots 51 to 55,
resubdivision of MacKinnon aud Gohrman Tract,
Brooklyn Township; also lots 14 and 15, Pied
mont Villa Tract, Oakland Township; gift.
William J. Laymance to Edmund J. Shattuck,
lot on NE line of Walnut street, 216 SE of Bay
View avenue. NE 25, E 150. NW 25. W 160 to
oeginning. being the east half of lot 19, block 11,
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
11. B. and Laura A. Pinnev to Florence O. Boon
lot on E line of Prospect street, 100 S of Chicago
avenue, 8 50 by E 115, lots 14 and 15, block II
revised map of Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Harry L. and Jessie Coleman to Julia M.Cole
man, all interest in the estate of John W. Coleman ;
$5. - J' .pypy.
J. B. McChesney (executor of the estate of Ella
J. Moe) to L. S. Burchard, lot on NW corner Of
Harrison and Durrant streets, N 60 by W 150. Oak-'
land: $8000. '
Trinidad Villa (by J. A. Webster, Tax Collector)
to A. Mecartney, lot 40, block 550, Scott property.
Oakland: $8. F ."
A una A. Miller to A. rover, lot on N corner of
Eighteenth avenue and East Twentieth street, NE
140 by N W 150. block 55, San Antonio, East Oak
land; $10.
Laura E., wife of S. B. Abbott, to James Morse,
lots 23 and 24, block I, Broadway Terrace,* Oak
land Township (subject to mortgage of $70) ; $10.
James and Angeline Morse -to James O'Boyie
same, Oakland Township: $10. '
John R. Glascock (executor estate of XV. IT.
Glascock) and Mary A. Blow to Charles and Emma
C. Rleseuweber, lot 40, Glascock & Blow Temtscal
Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
J. M. and L. B. Martinez to Jose Guiilermo, lot
on B line of Sixth street. 150 X of University
avenue, E 120, N 65 to the center of Strawberry
'reek, thence W to the E line of Sixth street s
to beginning, portion of block 85, Sisterna Tract
Berkeley; $10.
Joseph McKeown to Town of Berkeley, lot on S
line of.Dwlght way, 640 W of McGee street or
avenue, 8 250, E 60. N 250, XX' 60 to beginning, to
be used for public street, Berkeley; $1850.
Mary H. Mathews to same, lot on NE corner of
Calais street and Smith's subdivision, portion
Mathews Tract, thence W 60, N to N line of lands
of first party, thence E 60, 8 to beginning, to be
used for public street, Brooklyn; $10.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to California Guar
antee Investment. Company, lots 6 and 7. block 1 •
lots 1 to 4. 6, 14, 17, 27. block 2; lots 11, 12. 21*
22 and 23, block 3, Dowling Tract, Brooklyn; $10.'
James and Christina B. Park to Lorenzo D. L't
man, lots 36 and 37, block E, Elmhurst Tract
Brooklyn Township; $10. '
S. M. and Harriett H. Haslett to George H. Ty
son, lot on SW corner of Clinton avenue and Wal
nut street, W 44 by a 120, block D. Bellevue Tract,
Alameda; also lot on SE corner of Clinton avenue
and Walnut street, E 49:6 by 8 120, block C, Belle
vue Tract. Alameda: also lot on SE corner of
Clinton avenue and Cedar street. E 43 by S 120
block B, telle vue Tract, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Montgomery Block Heal Estate Associates with
John Smith, alterations and additions on building
in Montgomery block, on SK corner of Montgomery
and Washington streets; $1483.
Peter r-'lach with K. V. Steinman, to erect a two
story building on S Hue of Pine street, 143 Eof
Lyon; $4600.
Kings and Cardinals mourn in purple or
violet, which is supposed to express the
combination of sorrow and hope. The cus
tom of mourning for the dead in shrieks
and bowlines is a great antiquity, and pre
vails almost universally among the follow
ers of Mohammed.
SAN FRANCISCO «•CALL. , •
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opea
antll 9 o'clock.
8618 Mission street/open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
. CHURCH NOTICES.
3SS"*" FIR-rT^l^^SfPr-rE^B^^ cotrch.
u*-^ cor. Van Ness ave. and Sacramento St.—
Rev. Bobert Mackenzie, D.L., pastor; Rev. Edwin
H. Jenks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 A. M. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. M.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. M. Young People's So-
ciety of Christ Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. Prayer-
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock. All
are welcome to these services.
jK3p» . - SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
"i*-^ Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens pastor. Residence, 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
The pastor wiil preach at both service' Subject-
at < . 11 „ AM - : " Au Authority's View of the Christian
Life. At 7:30 p. m., installation of new Enworth
League officers. Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m.. C.
is. Perkins superintendent. Epworth League serv-
ice at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially invited to
all the services of this church. Seats free. Ushers
in attendance. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even-
lng at 7:45 o'clock.
'JKPV ' lON-SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
'»*■*-■' Church (open communion), Bush street,
near Larkin— Rev. William N. Meserve. pastor,
i sua] services Sunday, the 26th inst. The pastor
will preach In the morning; subject, "Straight and
Crooked Paths." Rev. Isaac Belknap, associate,
y;' 1 ' .preach in the evening. * Sunday-school , at
I -In " clock - Juniors at 5 and Y. P. S. C. E. at
b:"W. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even ng. Dally
meeting In the church for prayer at 2 o'clock, open
.1? Y. " ous " to house visitation in the Interest of
the church and Sunday-school by Rev. Mr. and
Mrs. Isaac Belknap. . r uu
. NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
Bt^jSr* WILDEYENCAAIParE^^NO?2^."L2
ZT/,-i77 0 ' V > mee 's TO-NIGHT In on- 7
ental Hall, Alcazar building. Installation of/\
officers and important business. Patriarchs cor-
dially invited. F WILSON, C P. '
A. J. Dhkij.ig, Scribe. ; yz,. *
• G£rgp THE MEMBERS AND CONTRTBU-
*..n„.J; 0 "i 80 * tne Alliance Fraiicalse are respect-
luiiy invited to attend the annual meeting held in
.y~ " 0 "L square Hall, Post n., MONDAY, January
2. , at Bp. m.
%TT7i^ NOTICE TO THE SHAREHOLDERS
™7 of the Independent Red Men's Hall Asso-
ciation— \ou are hereby notified that the annual
general meeting of the shareholders of the Inde-
pendent Bed Men's Hall Association will take
floa °. -, TUESDAY EVENING, January 28.
1806, at 8 o'clock, in the Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush
« e l- c- C. B. RODE. President.
-p. N. SAMMASy. Secretary.
pEgg"-" THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
l J^ of the stockhalders of the B'nai B'rith Hall
Association win be held at the office of the associa-
tion, 121 Eddy st., San Francisco. Cal., on the 12th
aay of iebruary, 1896. at 8 o'clock P. M., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
tne ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting. .
JACOB LEVISON. Secretary.
BKS""" . TH! ' REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
"f*-^ of the stockholders of the National Ice
Q°?* P »? v "• '" be held at the office of the company,
. wir,v, a^* street, San Francisco, Cat., on
WEDNESDAY, February 5, 1698, at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come before
the meeting. j. T . DONAHUE. Secretary.
iOPr„9, lI , EAPE -* ;T AND BEST IN AMERICA—
iTk J, *- WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free. -.-'T-:.
• SPECIAL NOTICES.
Hp***"-*? MISS MANICURING AND
"■"-o^ chiropodist. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, r. 12.
ja^S"*" MISS HESTERN GIVES GENUINE
-^ massage treatment. Room 9, 122 Post st.
p^T^- CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
">*- pr Chiropodic Institute, room 11, 906 Market,
*^^=* -MRS. WALLACE7IO9 POWELL~St7,
»*^ room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
nt^S""- MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
""•^ 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
j|^S»_BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4?
Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy st., room 6, Tel. 5580.
i^S-* CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
«fr-» y fully treated. DR. LLOYD. Lurline Baths.
BfcgE"-" WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
»"-*»' scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO.. 242 Sutter.
jK^ 3 ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP; PAPER-
y-J^ ed S3 50 uo. 317% Third. George Hartman.
(Kgr? A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
"J"-^ WEEKI-Y CALL, in wrapper, tor mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMAUB.
COLORED GIRL, COMPETENT. HONEST,
best of city references, wants a situation at
cooking and general liousework. For particulars
call or address MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter.
YY" IDOW, WITH 2 CHILDREN, WISHES
-.»» work by the day. or morning work in private
family or lodging-houses. Address W. A., box 33,
Call Office.
\Y ORTHY AMERICAN WOMAN, WITH 2
»' children, capable of doing all kinds of work,
good cook and seamstress, wishes podtion: city or
country; good home, small wages; references ex-
changed. MRS. MILLER. 27 Oak St.
SITUATION WANTED BY AN EXPERl-
enced middle-aged lady as working house-
keeper or nurse to an invalid lady, or to do general
housework In American family. Call or postal-
card, 834 Folsom st.
1 [EDUCATED GERMAN NURSERY GOV-
X erness, with experience and best of references,
desires position in an American familv with chil-
dren over 3 years of age. Address E. N.. box 137,
Call Office.
■RBLIAB LE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
J-l no general housework or cooking or take care
of infant, or any other kind of work; thoroughly
reliable; wages no object; city or country. Please
call or address 867 Mission st.
OITUATION ~ WANTED TO~P<7 GENERAL
O housework by reliable German woman: city or
country: wages $8 to $10. Call or address 113
Twenty-sixth st., near Mission.
Cl ERMAN, ENGLISH-SPEAKING GIRL OF
1 good manners wishes position in respectable
family; if possible, at Livermore. Address T. 8.,
box 18, this office.
AM ERD AX WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
as housekeeper or chambermaid: no objection
to country. CaU or address 48 Ridley st., near
Valencia.
Y GOOD GERMAN COOK, UNDERSTANDS
American cooking, to do cooking and down-
stairs work; city or country. Address G. G., box
72, Call.
"VURSE; WILL TAKE FULL CHARGE OF
Al infant or upstairs work; best city reference.
CaU or address 500 Sutter st.
\\7 ANTED— HOME IN REFINED FAMILY
xl by an English lady, in exchange for services
part of day. Address L. C, box 72. Call Office.
LADY WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-
keeper or some position of trust. Address M.,
box 32, Call Office.
YY^IDOW WITH BOY 3 YEARS OLD WISHES
» » situation 10 do housework; small wages; coun-
try preferred. Call or address 902 Kearny, r00m 95.
WOMA N WANTS PLACE TO HELP IN
" kitchen of restaurant or hotel or boarding-
house; thoroughly understands her business. Call
Or address 744 Howard. <
STRONG WOMAN WANTS WASHING,
O housecleaning; $1 a day and car fare. Ad-
dress 2iy 3 Garden st. or call, open door and ring
the bell. . °
YY'OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY;
'» washing or housecleaning; $1 a day and car
fare. Address 920 Howard st., In rear...
EAT. STRONG GERMAN GIRL WANTS
j-> situation as upstairs girl or in laundry. N. Y..
Call Office, box 108.
li COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRLS WANT SlT-
£u uatio s, one as cook, the other as upstairs work
and sewing: first-class city references. Call or ad-
dress 705 Stockton st., nr. California, too floor.
V E A T GERMAN SECOND GIRL AND SEAM-
-»-> stress wants a situation; is very fond of small
children. Please call at 613 Turk st.
\'o;xo LADY wishes SITUATION IN
J- hotel as cook; city or country. Call 160 Fourth
St., room 29.
O WEDLsII GIRL WISHES WORK WASHING
O and Ironing or housecleaning: Apply 442 Minna.
DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE, 4 DRAW-
ers and attachments, $16. Apply 426 Post st.
SITUATIONS WANTED BY, SWEDISH AND
0 Danish girls; good cooks; good references; and
a Swedish girl for housework, $16. 11^ Antonio
st., off Jones, near Ellis.
yOUNG widow' WISHES position as
A housekeeper. CaU 1020 Market st., room 12,
opposite Fiftn.
YY^ANTED-GENEKAL HOUSEWORK BY A
' 1 good strong woman; good cook and laundress;
best of references. CaU -at 843 Franklin, Oakland.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
XX neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market St.,
room 21.
y OUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO AS?
-1- sist in general housework. CaU or address 125
Turk st.
YY* OMAN* WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE DAY
1 1 washing, house, lea ins or will clean windows.
829 Hayes st., basement, near Fillmore.
YY' OMAN WITH 3-YEAR-OLD CHILD WISH-
-11 es situation as working housekeeper or cook-
ing; no objection to country. MRS. M. E. PIERCE,
California College, East Oakland, Cal.
COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
general housework: best of city references.
Appl. 326 Twenty-eighth st.
WANTED— POSITION AS NURSE AND
general attendant to an invalid. Address M.,
box 23, this office. ■ ■ .AAAiZp
SWEDISH GIRL" WISHES A SITUATION;
O general housework; good cook; city or coun-
try. Address M., box 11, Call Office, Oakland.
yOUNG WOMAN would LIKE POSITION
A as housekeeper in lodging-house or assist in
; hotel; best of references. Address S. E., box 68,
this office. *, ; ■■ :
YY A NTED— BY "A YOUNG AMERICAN
lx woman position cooking and downstairs work
or general housework in small family; competent
in ail branches of housework: would like to sleep
at home. Address for one week M. E. 8., 710 Ellis
St.; 110 postals. '•>'•
USINE>S WOMAN, WELL ACQUAINTED,
wishes a position as housekeeper in a lodging-
hous m or chamberwork: home more object than
wages. Address MRS. P., box 37, Call Office.
SWISS GIRL DESIRES SITUATION to do
upstairs or general housework in private fam-
Uy. Apply Helvetia Hotel. 431 Finest.
Y'OUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO AS-
A sist In light housework or to take care of child.
Address 508 Po t st.
YY ANTED— SITUATION AS COVER BY
1 1. German girl ; French, Gf-rman and music: good
references. Call or address W., Young Womens' -
Christian Association, 1221 O'Farrell st.
V OUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES" A PLACE
A to do second work or general I housework in a
small family. Address 1042 Army st. -
VOUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO GEN-
A end housework. CaU or address 3211 Geary St.,
near 1 oyce. v
Y * JUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
A tlon to do chamberwork and sewing. Address
room 55. Ahlborn House., Grant ; ave. and Bush st.
"DEFINED WIDOW WISHES A POSITION
AX as housekeeper. 832 Mission St., room 6.
AT* OUNG woman wishes situation TO
A do light housework. 9 Page st. ::■ ;.?•'*
CULTURED LADY~ WITH EASTERN CER-
titiciite wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology, music. v* J. E.,' care of
Sherman, Clay & Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
DRESSMAKER — - FIRST-CLASS CUTTER
and fitter desires engagements at $1 25 a day;
satisfaction guaranteed. Address B. H. A., box 28,
Call Office.. .. '.K:. .?,..-.
1 EXPERIENCED YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES ,
-igood place as housekeeper. 105 Stockton, rm.22. I
"yOUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
A housekeeper; also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable. Apply 708 EUis.r. 2.
SITUATIONS : WANTED-Contlnuetl.
ERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE IN GER-
VJ an family to do upstairs work and wait on
ab e. 468 Jessie st. - - » : -
WINCHESTER 44 THIRD ST., NR
V Market; 200 rooms ; 25c to si 50 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry. : ■■
T^^TC^TIONS WAN TEL. -MALE.
T> C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUI*PIIe^^OOKsTaLL
J- » branches :short notice. "1 4 Gearv. -.tel.Grant 46.
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
vldcs best help. 314b Sutter st.; tel. Craut 30.
D" UNTER <fc CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
JJ- ese employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 414"/ 2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
IY|AN, WIFE AND SON WISH TO RUN
xxx .ranch on any terms suitable 10 proprietor, or
rent house and workday's work. Address M. A.-
box 142. Call Office. ■
V K WANTED AS CLERK, SALE-MAN.
xx driver or porter: long general experience in
city and State; reference if required. Address
E. G. H., box 86, Call Office.
"DOY OF 16 TEARS WANTS SITUATION IN
A* grocery-store to learn the business; lives with
his parents: speaks German. Address F. E. 8..
box 23, Call Office. .
yOUNG GERMAN OF GOOD HABITS
-"-wishes position where he can learn the trade:
security, responsibdlty. Box 108, Call Office.
T"|ANE WISHES SITUATION; THOROUGH"-
--x-' ly. understands horses, garden and general
work: good milker, and willing to do any kind of
work: references. J. N., 416 Broadway.
L) Y A STEADY GOOD SECOND COOK; WILL-
xx ing to work as vegetable man or dishwasher:
wages no object. Address Cook, 409 Pacific st.
PRACTICAL MINER DESIRES POSITION AS
-i- manager or foreman of quartz mine; under-
stands all underground work, also mine surveying
and assaying. Address J., box 53, Call Office. .--
W ANTED-EMPLOYMENT BY A RELIABLE
xx man; speaks French and English. Address
Steady, O. P., box 61, Call Office.
VOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION IN THE
A country; orchard work preferred: wages no ob-
ject: a good home tne thing. Address W., box 15.
Call Office.
WAITED— POSITION AS WATCHMAN OR
'"" In wholesale house by a steady and sober
man (German) ; willing to do work by watchman.
Please address L. M., box 24. Call Office.
THIRST - CLASS FRENCH GARDENER
a wishes situation on a private place. Address
A. 8., 603 Folsom. . - IV- . '-
IDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS EMPLOY-
xxx ment at nursing, store work or other light
work; city reference. P.. box 167, Call Office.
0 ITU ATION WANTS d"~BY MAN TO CARE
kJ for horses and garden in private family: best
references. MIKE JORDAN, 128 O'Farrell st.
OITUATION", CITY OR COUNTRY, TAKE
l-> care of private place; good home more of an
object than high wages. Address J. L., box 78.
this office.
yOUNG,* HONEST MAN (SCANDINAVIAN)
A wishes situation as day or night watchman:
wining to furnish a few hundred dollars' security
if required ; city or Oakland preferred. Address J.,
box 05, this office.
W A .*^ D B 2 JAPANESE; FIRST-CLASS
11 chamber-workers, general cooks and skillful
at washing clothes, or first-class dishwashers; citv
oriountry. Apply 1012 Valencia st. .. ■ r
AN.. ACTIVE AND INTELLIGENT MAN
xx* seeks a position as bookkeeper and corres-
pondent; city references and security if required.
Address A. A., box 31, Call Office. .
yOUNG MAN, INTELLIGENT. SPEAKSGER-
x man. wishes position as bartender; best of
references. Address B. 1., box 63, CaU office.
VOUNG MAN OP 20 WISHES SITUATION
.7*,. 0 !- any kind ; driving wagon preferred. Apply
525 Natoma st.
yOUNG STRONG SCOTCHMAN LATELY
x from Scotland; best of character; wants manual
labor of any kind. Address A. 8., box 67, Call.
BY FIRST-CLASS ' WASHER AND SHIRT
ironer. Address W. 1., box 57. Call Office.
COMPOSITOR. COMPETENT IN BOOK AND
v^ job work, wants position; English and Ger-
man. Please call or address 11. F.. 15 Langton st.
~ FEMALE HELP WANTED.
"Yir A NT^^afißSElWcooS^is^iOTCONnD
11 girl,; Irish Catholic girl to cook, $20;
French and English waitress. $15; waitress, res-
taurant, $15. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
CtOOK. $35; SECOND GIRL, $25; NURSE, $20;
\J chambermaid, $15; German cook, Oakland.
$25: 12 housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$*.•"■: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 105 Stockton st.
9 COMPETENT COLORED GIRLS OR
j-i mother and daughter; $30: -Berkeley; good
place. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
Gl ERMAN OR FRENCH HOUSEWORK GIRL;
r 3 in family: no wash; $20. MISS CULLEN,
105 Stockton st.
ANTED — LAUNDRESS, COUNTRY HO-
lel, $20: Scotch. English or North of Ireland
nurse. 2 children. $25: cook, boarding-house. $40; .
German or French second girl, $20: 3 German
cooks. $25 and $30: restaurant waitress, $16, and
a Teat many girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSEI T * CO., 312 Sutter St.
3 DOWNSTAIRS GIRLS, $25: 6 GERMAN *
housework girls, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
Arm-waitress^ small restaurant;
$15. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 10 Geary st.
yOUNG GIRL TO ATTEND DELICACY
-I store, $20; German preferred. Apply MURRAY
& READY, 634 Clay st. ,
LAUNDRESS, PLAIN WORK, COUNTRY
XX hotel, $25. HOTEL G AZETTE, 420 Kearny.
p ERMAN GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
VJwork; wages $15. Apply 113 Vicksburgst., bet.
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, Church and
Sanchez.
m OMAN* TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK
»' iu country, near Belmont; wages $20. Apply
at 821 Larkin st., Saturday. 10 o'clock. References.
WANTED — YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
xl general housework; wages $12. 1124 Green-
wich st., near Hyde.
ESPECTABLE. MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN as
working housekeeper, where there are chil-
dren; wages $10; good home for right party. Ad- ■
dress R. P., box 24, Call Office.
WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK: WAGES $3 '
per week. 229 san Jose ave.
yiiVSGGIHLTO TAKE CARE OF BABY.
■I 738 Ellis st.
GIRD TO ASSIST HOUSEWOORK; CARE OF
children. 1314a Dolores st. . 1
yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
A housework; German preferred. 932 y_ Valencia.
GIIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; $10. 1518
I Eddy st. - : <
yOUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHIL- ''
A dren. 1308a Leavenworth, near Clay. ...
G1 ERMAN WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK.
r 1530 Kentucky st.
IpiRST-CLASS GERMAN NURSE CAPABLE '
x. of taking charge of an infant and who under-
stands sewing; reterences required. Address T. A., '
box 85, Call Office.
Y\" ANTED- GIRLS TO LEARN DRESSMAK-
XI in« and millinery in first-class establishment; •
good position guaranteed. 121 Post St., room 27,
over O'Connor A Moffatt's. . - .
Wanted — dressma kers to LEARN i
»» how to cut regular tailor system: only reliable
system ; no models, charts or squares used. COHN,
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter St.. city.
ll' ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
»» term commences this mo. Room 51. 121 Post.
THE N. Y. CLOAK SUIT HOUSE LEADS
low prices: on sale, 590 dresses. 1210 Market.
VjTSS DAISY HAA"KE IS STARTING A MIL-
■I'-l- linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga St.,
bet. Twenty. first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market;
£00 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 £0 to $6 per '
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
HAIRDRE SSI NG. 26c AND 36c; MORNING
_ and ev'g classes; 10 lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS-
cutt'.ng school. 1231 Market St., net. Bth and 9th.
DRESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR I
''Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week : i^e bus to and from the ferry.
DRESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
MALE HELP .: WAITED. .
2 CON CRETE-FINISH ERS. $3 60 TO $4. A
day; young French bedmaker: chorpman on
ranch; teamster and wife for ranch. $30; cook,
$30. R. T. WARD A CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
AV ANTED— 2 CEMENT FINISHERS; PAPER-
»» . hanger; 2 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord; 2 tiers: 2
carpenters and 1 machine blacksmith for Central
America,' $6 a day, . silver; r- jobbing ■ gardener,
$1 "25 a day and found; 2 miners, $2 50 to $2 75.
Apply to|J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento.
ANTED-COOK AND WIFE FOR COUN-
'» try hotel, $50; restaurant cook, $10 a week;
second cook, waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT * CO.', 628 Sacramento st.
CONCRETE-FINISHER, $3 DAY; 2 FARM-
ers, near city: cook for ranch; 2 cooks; 2 wait-
ers; barber to take a country shop: * etc.: 'Irish
milker. $20. MURRAY * READ* , 634 and 636 !
Clay st. , ;, - :.- ;y
.YV ANTED — COMPETENT " BUTLER, COOK
"'.for restaurant," $10 a week; window-cleaner
experienced, $1 50 a day; etc. LEON ANDRE
315 Stockton st.
ANTED— HAND LAUNDRYMAN; GOOD !
all-round man capable of using little star shirt-
pollsher: wages to start, $20 and found; a Chris-
tian home. Apply box 107. Campbell P. O.
yOUTH LIVING AT : HOME TO LEARN
A Dusheling: one that can press: preferred; $3
per week to start; chance to improve. - Address Y.
L., box 16, Call. - -*.'■■ •-,... ,-
FIRST-CLASS SOLICITORS ON
public work; : easy . proposition. Address F.
W., box 163. Call. y... y ■  _ . *
WAITER WANTED AT THE MANHATTAN
■ i» House, 825 Battery st. 7
-■ ■ ■ . . . . ■ ■■■-■■ .'.-■■■ ■■■■ .- ■■
HELP WANTED-Contlnued.
a^ber^for^atu^dayT^ootbla^
steady. 871 Market.
B - ARBERR" WANTED EVERY SATURDAY
and. Sunday. 105 Fourih st.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
816 Battery st.
ARBER FOR SATURDAY' AFTERNOON;
call from 9to 11 a. m. 112a First st.
BARBER FOR SATUR'daY7~I63OMISSION
Street.
"IFXPERIENCED DISHWASHER; MAN OR
All boy ; call early. 32"39y , s Mission st.
"OOOTBLACK, WITH TOOLS. 30 EAST ST.
UTLER: GOOD WAGES. MISS CULLEN,
105 Stockton st.
GOOD LUNCH-WAITER. 629 DAVIS ST., 10
A. M.
rx ERMAN COOK. 1530 KENTUCKY STREET.
VOR RALE-2-CUAIR BARBER-SHOP; GOOD
x locality for steady man; price $100; present
owner going East. 524 Battery st.
PARTNER PORK AND SAUSAGE STORE;
clears $75 monthly; small capital. 335 Fourth.
.TffEr WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, 'BET.
-L' Third and Fourth— furnished rooms per
day 15c up: per week $1 up: open all night.
W a NTE D— A N INTELLIGENT, industri-
»' ous and sober salesman, who Is well acquainted
with the retail liquor and grocery trade in this
city; must be able to drive horse and delivery
wagon: only active, lively man need apply. Ad-
dress K. & Co., box 90, this office.
SEAMEN FOR NEW YORK. "EUROPE AND
Sydney at 10 Steuart st., upstairs, -y-yp
lf|(l MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 6c; CLEAN
■AUxj towel to each and bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14"/ 3 'Montgomery ave.
e\AA MEN TO GET A FINE STYLISH, DU-
xjxjxj rable calf shoe to order, $2 60. 959 Howard.
SALOON-KEEPER TO SOLICIT TRADE FOR
a new outside brewery: liberal terms ax right
party. Apply bet. 1 and 2F. m., HERMAN, 637
Clay st.
RESS-GOODS SALESMAN; ONLY ONE OF
experience and ability need apply. Address
D. S„ box 37, Call.
GLOVE AND HOSIERY SALESMAN WITH
a thorough knowledge of his business. Ad-
dress Glove, box 83, Call.
GOOD PICTURE-CANVASSERS WANTED:
good commissions. 765 Market, rm. 10, 9 to 3.
MAN WITH $25 TO JOIN ME: GOOD PROP-
osiiion. A., box 131, this office. '
WANTED— MEN .WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
1.1 their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; no charge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sutter, r. 4.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED;l8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
BARBERS-GOOD-PAYING 2-CHAIR SHOP;
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— SALESMEN of ability' AND
'» experience to sell our line of school furniture
aud supplies; references required. THE WHIT-
AKER & RAY CO., 723 Market St., second floor.
BARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE - AND
female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue maUed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
BARBERS— EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant ave. S. FUCHS.
ANTED-GOOD HUSTLERS TO CANVASS
' 1 city and country. CaU or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. O. box 2293.
ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238"/ O'Farrell st.
ROSE DALE HOUSE; 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
VTEW GRANT", 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
- 1 ' rooms from $1 to $4 week; large reading-room.
J' OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
try 13 y 8 Grant ave.; coffee a specialty.
EST PLA' :E IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 720V 2 , opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
V 1 W AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
-I' 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
' 1 St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
WANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
11 to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, stiU runs Denver House, 217 .Third St.; 151)
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 I'll RD ST., NEAR
'" Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading,
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
I MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
-H'c" ana 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CTT f-SINGLEROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; »1, $1 25, $1 60 par week.
I'aciiic House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
\ *, " A N rED-SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY'; $1
' » week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week:
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
V V A NTED-MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
steam beer, sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
VI EN'S 3 -SOLING 60c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
xxx while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
LIN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH ANITho"s-/ARD-
slngle furnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
JJ ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
IJ ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
A also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
A_C\t} MEN'S SECOND-HAN SHOES.SOME
■AXJXJ nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission st.
TRY acme house, 957 MARKET ST., be-
A low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
TEST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR-
*J ing shoes: call and see: half-soled In 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission s:.. bet. First and Second.
AGENT WANTED.
S*~OMETHI"NG NEW TOE AGENTS: LADIES
kJ or gentlemen can make from $3 to $10 a day.
Apply 2 to 6 p. it., 1165 Howard st.
ALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
wants good agents to work its accident and
sick Insurance; .liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secretary, Murphy building.
FURNITURE wanted ~
a-oTTrice^TpXTdT^iTfu^niture! Ja-
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A 6th.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co., 813 Market st.; call or send postal.
PARTNERS WANTED^
WANTED— PARTNER WITH $200 TO RUN
'» ousiness half time; can Inspect accounts. Ad-
dress c. c, box 16. Call Office. ' _^
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED 7— CO^ORTAIH^E~^OO^7aND
' » late breakfast: inside of seven blocks of Mont-
gomery st. : send particulars and price. C. M. C.
box 77, Call.
W ANTED-BY RESPECTABLE, QUIET COL-
'» ored man and wife. 1 or 2 unfurnished rooms,
or would rent small cottage or flat if cheap. W. B .
box 157, Call Office. *
TTNFCRNISHED SUITE OF HOISEKEEP-
xJ ing rooms in Western Addition with private
family I'young couple. M. I-'., box 72. Call.
_ HOUSES ."WANTED. ; ~
WANTE D^-BY "FEBRUARY 1; "X " SMALL
»' cottage of 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms; bath-
north of Market, east of Polk; rent $10 to $12; not
a basement flat. Address \V . P., box 64. Call Office.
Wanted— miscellaneous.
ly A NTED— A SAFE OF MODERN MAKE •
'» fireproof, burglar-proof box; Inside doors: out-
side measurements, about 50x33x30. Address
box 29, San Mateo, Cal. "uress
VI T A NTED — A GOOD-TONED UPRIGHT
» » piano in exchange for large diamond ring. An-
dress A. K., box 77, Call Oflice. ..*':.-.
TS ASOLINE ENGINE, 3 OR 4 HORSE POWER"
VT or small gasoline launch in running order Adl
dress J. FULTON, box 34, Napa.
WANTED-YOUR WATCH. IF" IT NEEDS
JI r F epalr - UR: best worli at hal » the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st„ third floor
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW"
O elrv 10 A. KLEIN; 109 sixth St.; send postaL
- ' _' LOST.
T ADY'S GPLDWATTJhTinItTa^
-U outside: inscription "From Carl Xmas 1894"
on inside. Return 2420 Howard st.; reward
L f^nWT*K-5 KEYS; MARKED C. D.
1 oo < y* m lj,! - Y Return. to AHLBARH ACo
136 Fourth st., and receive reward. *
LOST — BLACK-AND-TAN TERRIER- HAS
Al long rough ears. Finder suitably rewarded
upon return to 315*/ 3 Sixth st. rewarded
LOST - GENTLEMAN'S LACK POCR'-fc^T"
ll hook containing ticket to Chicag£ drafts et,"
Kinder rewarded by same to Grand Hotel'
LOST - BROWN BITCH ~ PIT p. "'rp.-?
slightly white. 2115y Jones st.^ 'reward: Ab F
T.°. T-W A TE SPANIEL; REDDISH
At brown curly hair: reward. 1909 Buchanan st.
L°noT tHi COM FORT AND PLEASURE BY
GKOKI.-v t ix4? ,y ,lu '' 8 made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5, 204 lurk St., near Jones.
"VI ONEY. BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
xxx papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging > ompanv. 635 McAllister st. ■
T^TyT/Ti/:-- ..FOUND. ~~
rT ,^ „ N^~ BLACK AND \VHITiTin>OTTEIC
x call 772Vfr Harrison St., city: licence Alameda.
pLAIN GOLD RING. APPLY 210 BUSH ST.
STORAGE ; .
STORAGE OFFURNITURE. PIANOS, HOUSE-
hoId goods, etc. .1. M. PIERCE, 735 Markets:.
"WILSON BROTHERS. 1710' MARKET-
*'r Storage: low rates: telephone South 762. -•
UIT DUSOANO LOAN ASSO(II,i 1 lON.
CIONTI N I-; N ALBI * I L D [Ml AND L( ) A N A S
■* sociatlon— Home office, 222 j Sansome st., S. F,
General savings A loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
OUvei Eldridge V.Fr.; W Corbln, Sec.<tGen.Maa
PERSONALS. „__^-
pq^RGE^WHYIIIDN'T YOU meet me as»
VT agreed? ad mv photo taken, bust cabinets, at
CRAMER'S, 402 Kearny st., northeast corner of
Pine, only $1 50 per dozen, too. NELLIE.
SEARCHING. LOCATING, SHADOW ING,
0 tracing and collecting. Apply GRAHAM *
Agency, 632 Markets!., room 8. _
OOUKQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER}
JJ Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant ave. and Sutter st.
YTIOLETS 5 CENTS A BUNCH; FLOWERS
V cheapest in the city. 311e Sutter st.
IMPORTED HAVANA, KEY WEST AND '
1 high-grade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar.
'627 Devisadero St.. near Sutter. • m
EGYPTIAN HENNA: $1; HAIR DYE: PER-
jTx fectlv harmless: easily- applied; all druggists.
LANG LEY A MICHAELS CO., agents, S. F.
\IY WIFE, LOUISA MOELLE.:. HAVING
xxx left my bed and board, 1 will not be responsi-
ble for auy debts or bills contracted by her here-
after. • HE RY MOELLER.
TIEN ANTS EJECTED; SUITS SUPERIOR.J US-
-1 tices' Courts :collections. A.H00G5.328 Mont'g.
THE WOMEN'S" DISPENSARY. LATE OF
New York, has located; all the new appliances
ana methods for curing diseases; Inflammation,
ulceration and prolapsus successfully trea:ed: in-
fallible remedies for irregularities: testimonials In
office; consultation free. Office, 35 Murphy bldg.
EAFNESS— THE AURAPHONE RESTORER
lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
mailed tree. F. F. FINLAY, 10 California st„ S. F.
TF THE LADY WHO PAID $1 50 YESTERDAY
i- for a switch will go to G. LEDERER'S, 111
Stockton st., this week she will find the same for
$1; $1 switches, 75c; hairdressing, 25c.
<)> fi A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
•JP-L floor. 203 Leavenworth st. |
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts: terms reasonable: collections, etc G.
Vf. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 860 Market, cor. Stockton.
ONE MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks... $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets... $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
.Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
1017. 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
OECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 10--3 Mission st., above sixth.
MRS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OP
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figures.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists. Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions;
eend for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
FOR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A
J STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market. .
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st. "T**faHiffir
I*<LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
-1 Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferrv.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Grant ave..
where the best of coal can be had at lowest prices.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
1 Ann BUSINESS CARDS, $160; TELE-
AKJXJyJ phone "Black 141." HlLL.724* fe Market.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome st.. upstair*.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS - AND LADLE*
V I clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
DRESSMAKERS.
BRADLEY/ 313 GBARY-7 ELEGAN^STYT^
ish suits made, $5 up. Dresses made over.
SUITS $3; SKIRTS 75C; SILK WAISTS, LAT-
est style L 50; fit guaranteed. 559 Stevenson.
DRESSES CUT AND ["TED, $3; DRESBES,
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ELOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSAKTE.
X cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE HuFF
SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. K.
STUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER- .
sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Pheian building.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39Flfth.
JOS E PH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
0 Ninth st.
"MRS. MELVILLE-SNYDER HAS REMOVED
I'l to 620 Sutter st. ; teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution; ladies and
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and ■
other Plays ; appearances arranged.
GI X TLB MAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA-
tIon will give private lessons in English
branches, bookkeeping, mathematics and sciences; .
California credentials and references. Address E.,
box 87, Call Office. . .
THE LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE:
individual instruction; four months' course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
EMELIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE "a
■J limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster St., cor. of Washington, y _■.-.. /
SPA N" 1 1 1 AND FRENCH ACADEM.; CAS-'
tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month; alsopaintingacademy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; translation's, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room 37.
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION Look El'-"
1 ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
PANISH.ERENCH.ETC. PROF.DkFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages: 320 Post; estab. 1871.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 229? SACRAMENTO
St.— Board. English, French, pi.i no. dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious-parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY
class or private. MRS. EH P.MAN", 1234 Bush st.
LA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged pupils rehearsed
on stage. B. 5 and 12, 1.0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
chanical engineering, surveying, architecture.
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723Mkt.
Y lOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
1 taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary reasonable
PaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE"
•wMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
VT SCHOOL; 11 EALD'S BUS. COLLEGE -24
Xx Post: commercial, shorthand. English ; low ra'-es
\7-IOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1046i/ Valencia.
(X HEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-"
U ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts. '
Q AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1235
l? Market: send for cat.: day and evening session.
CLAIRVOYANTS. "
*% 'ISS M I . V I A ; CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
xxa of future husband or wife. 766*/ a Howard st.
CL AI R V AN C Y EXTRAORDINARY'—
Hundreds visit mystic PROFESSOR ZAUZIC,
occult, scientist, palmist, clairvoyant, 313 Mason-
hours 9 to 8; sittings 50c -^satisfaction guaranteed.
BEST CLAIRv6y"aNT"ON~EARTH; LADIES
and gents; 25c: 206 Fourth st.
TYONT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. LEON,
XJ palmist clairvoyant; tells the truth and nothing
but the truth. 533 Post. 9to 8 daily ; also Sunday.
ADAM PORTER, CARD-READER; TELLS
xxx . the past, present and future; ladles 60c, gents
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $1 50. 126
Turk st., near Jones.
MME. RAVENA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
U the cradle to the grave, Parlor 6. 865% Market.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affp.lrs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible; fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr. Larkin.
UGU-iTA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER:
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling:
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the-,
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms; -
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
M'~ ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past.present and future; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
-L'l great clairvojant and card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned 10 '
her old rooms in san Frarcisco; ladies and gents
60c. 917 Market St.. parlors 3 and 4.
spiritualism.
npESTCTRCLE TO-NIGHT, mme.:yoi
1 605 McAllister st. Sittings dally. ■
ETURNED, MRS. J C. JIEY'ER. TRANCE Ej
business medium; dr. Mon., Fr. 2511''. Sutter.
GYPSY ME DIUM— M I'l 1 INGS, 60c; SUNDAY'S
Included; handsome charms free 946 Mission.
R. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and 1 ranee medium. 697 Ellis st.
Its! J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
tr*nce medium : sittings $1. 21 Stockton st. '
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW. ~
A DYKE rREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suit*, Superior, Justice and '
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections. etc
G.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.cor.StocktOß
ni J. MURRY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR"""! 7 !"
1 .law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms ll 15
WW. DAVIDSON. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW4*ia'
TT « California St.. rms. 14-16: advice free. '^^
PHYSICIAN-.. ~~"~
T"J^7i7?LU£iS7p^
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus h1dg,661 M«k^
OEMOVkD-DR. C. CO'DONNEJiL TO 1208
I IX Market st. ; diseases of women a specialty.BUSINESS CHANCE^. |
QftOO CIGAR -STORE; NEAR MARKET;
«ipUUV". receipts avereee $15: full value In
nock, fixtures; leaving city. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st.
-R "*vOO FARTNER WANTED WHOLESALE
tpjOxjxj . , in( i retail produce and commission
ousiness in busiest country town 111 California:
»iTers grand opportnnlrv for some active man.
sTENBERG A CO., 632 Market sL
■<-)«•?*; BRANCH BAKERY. DELICATESEN
'- —U. store: Western Addition: living-rooms;
sew stock; suitable for man and wife. BTEN-
BERG A CO., 632 Market St.
QIOOO BAKERY, NORTH OF MARKET,
'. iv'UU. baking 2'.. barrels daily; 2 horses,
wagons; weekly receipts $150; 5 living-rooms;
iheap rent; lease: noopposition; bargain. STEN-
BERQ A CO., 632 Market st. ' '
QQXA LIQUOR STORE; FULL VALUE
•JPOUU. stock. BTENBEBG A CO.. 632 Market.
<2 99 X PABTNEB" BESTAUBANT; TEND
—— U. cash counter: owner thorough business
man; partner preferred to hired help. STEN-
BERG. CO., 632 Market st.
Q97C SALOON, KEARNY ST.: NICELY
%i — I O. fltted up: this place is very inviting
and suitable for 2 persons; expenses light ; bargain.
STENBEBO CO., 632 Market st.
O BUY, SKI.;, i EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
of any kind see STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
_»Orre GROCERY AND BAR, WITH *'
-©^ I O. rooms: full value; rent $22. STRAND,
45 Th:: st.
C'Qlin SALOON. WITH 5 ROOMS; BAR-
QOUU. gain to-day. STRAND, 45 Third st.
Q.A 7 1\ RESTAURANT: OPP. CARHOUSE:
o*l <O. pays well. STRAND, 15 Third st.
_9CA PARTNER IN A RESTAURANT:
•aOOO. clear $75 month each. STRAND, 45
Third st.
BAKERY'. COFFEE PARLOR; VERY' BEST
location; finest fltted-up place in city: has very
large counterand outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places; must sell one at sac-
rlflce. STENBERG 4CO . 632 Market st.
V I"*. GROCERY' STORE-GOOD BUSINESS;
'- * - xJ , good location; good stock: great bar-
galn. H. STANLEY, 9 Geary 5... room 2.
Q9OO LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME BANDS
t£+uXJXj. 3 years: clearing $20 week; suitable
for man and wife or two ladies. STANLEY*. 9
Geary, room 2. -
S^JAA PARTNER WANTED: INDOOR
-^ xX'XJ. business: run bv present owner 14
years; suited to plain steady man satisfied with
*7o to $100 a month; trial given. STANLEY', 9
Peary, room 2.
WHEN YOU ARE DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
' I ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. JOHN REIDY A CO., 131/2 Sixth St..
VOR SALE— HOUSE, tIOO, WITH REJ?
J. taurant and bar; 4 furnished rooms: doing a
busine-*s of $-15 daily among factories: no better
location: ground rent $20, with lease: owner going
to F'urope. REIDY A CO., 13*v_ Sixth st.
i"UNE SALOON DOING GOOD BUSINESS IN
A connection with lodging-house of 10 elegantly
furnished rooms; splendid location; must be sold;
owner going East. REIDY & CO., 13" <- Sixth it.
"V-OTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-1 promptly for cash. HEALY ft CO.. 88 Kearny.
vi', 'li) BAKEK X ACROSS THE BAYTbAIS
Vi • OX.' . ing 6 barrels per day; 2 double wagons:
4 horses; besi class of custom; rent $20; proprietor
is owner of property, and Is retiring from business;
$350 cash, balance to be paid out of protits of busi-
ness; clearing $175 month. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
frO 7C COR SALOON: NEAR TERMINUS
'- ' ' iU. of railroad: handsomely fitted up: doing
good business; call 10-day. EALY, 23 Kearny st.
09f»AA RESTAURANT NEAR FACTORIES
«£).— UUU. do ng a business of >?5 ) per day; 4
rooms: building included in sale: so such bargain
ever offered for sale: best of reason for selling
Apply W. F. HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny st.
QOXA PARTNER IN SIGN BUSINESS
tp'OOX.i. and white-enamel letter agency; $17 to
20 a week: trial. JOHNSTON, 26' ;> Kearny.
C_OOX A SNAP, 1 OBNER rHIRD
»*JiU^-U. saloon. near Mcrket: big stock: good
fixtures at 5950. JOHNSTON, 261,2 Kearny.
RESTAURANT; A BIG BARGAIN;
-■"JiUUU. one block north of Market: receipts
$35 to $40. JOHNSTON, 26"/, Kearny st.
FINE CIGAR-STORE "ON KEARNY, NEAR
Market st. JOHNSTON, 26*,^ Kearny st.
OAj T RAKE CHANCE. PRODUCE AND
»« C UU. dairy business; old established; good
trade: prohts $125 a month; can be improved.
JOHNSTON. 26% Kearny st.
Qjaa" COFFEE AND OY'STER HOUSE; Vl-
v"*'"'- cinity Sixth and Market; low rent.
BARRETT _ SKIFF. 865* Markets:.
QOXA OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE; CEN-
t&tJOXJ. trai; low rent: clears $100 montn; great
bargain. BARRETT <fc SKIFF, 8651-, Market st.
Q.-l^O * is °* "ZZZ
tpx'/xj. Saloon on Marvel st-; great barcain.
DECKER. 1206 Market st.
VIDII iS ACTIVE. INTELLIGENT BUSI-
* '.xix 1, ness man with $500 cash wanted in
manufacturing and wholesale agencv business;
$100 per month guaranteed. M., box &s,Cai. Office.
Si; JAA FOR OLD- SHED LUNCH-
tUs'Axjyj. counter.oys.') r and c):Op house ; opposite
new City Hall; a mint for 2 rood men or man and
wife or will take good partner to look after place,
as owner nas other business. Address Bonanza,
box 72, Call Office.
*\\r ANTED— PARTNER; PRESENT OWNER
'» first-class salesman: established; Incoming
partner to deliver and collect; no good will; must
hare $300; references given and required; man
with buciry and horse preferred. Address P. D.,
box 72, Call Office.
ttOKA FOR SALE -MILK ROUTE OF 7
«*D<*«UU. cans; borse and wagon. Inquire Call
Office. -
BAKERY'. WITH 5 LIVING-ROOMS AND
furniture: fine trade; good oven; nicely fitted
up: $900. 3023 Sacramento st.
"U*OR SALE-BUTCHER-SHOP; GOOD BUSI-
-C ness and location ; bargain to right party. In-
quire Call Office.
Ctl 9£. ROOMING-HOUSE FOR SALE. 48
«~iDi-£U. Seventh St., upstairs; restaurant ex-
changed. •
LD - ESTABLISHED CIGAR-STAND FOR
sale; cheap. Apply at stand, 777 Market st.
PARTNER WANTED IN GENERAL COM-
mission bnsinfss, handling different lines of
goods: present proprietor constantly traveling and
needs a partner to take charge indoors; capital re-
quired about $5000, to go entirely into the business.
Address Commission Merchant, box 47, this office.
"UJ" ANTED— PRINTING OUTFIT, COUNTRY'
" newspaper and job office; will exchange first-
class real estate tor same. C. S. YOUNG, 602
Market St.
\l* A N'fE ASE R~FOR FIRST-CLASS
. 11 -hoeshop with good tra-le: cheap rent; must
sell at once: good reasons for selling. T. A.
POTTS, 413 Seventh St., Oakland.
(J> ■*; AO CASH WILL BUY HARDWARE-
tu'UUU store, stock ana fixtures at less than half
price; principals call immediately. 546 Mission.
II ANTED— LODGING-HOUSE; $2CO~CASH.
11 balance in installments. Address B. 11., 869
M Ission st. *-p'^ .- .
ALOON CHEAP— GOOD REASONS. IS"N
quire 500 Ellis st.
YUANTED— PARTNER IN COALYARD. IN.
»* ouire northeast cor. Mission and Fourteenth st.
Q99' RESTAURANT— GOOD LOCATION";
O-— —U. cheap rent; a bargain. Apply Call Office.
_ MINT— HALF INTEREST 5" - WELL-ES-
-"V. tabllshed lunch counter for sale cheap. Ad-
dress T., box 52, this office.
ART NEllTw I PH"slsb, IN PAYING OFFICE
business; no experience necessary. A. J., box
20, Call Office. .
AKERY, HORSES, WAGON: GOOD BUSl-
ness chance cheap. Bakery, Call Office, Oak-
land. •>■-'■-
HE TRANSFER SALOON FOR SALE: REA-
sonable. Apply 795 Mission.
YV' IDOW OF MEANS DESIRES GENTLEMAN
' 1 partner In good paying business. : 202"i_ Turk.
Ci ROCERY AN*rT"SALdON FOR SALE: NEW
TJ stock; good reason for selling. Apply 223 15th.
LD-ESTABLIHIIED BUSINESS; . DELICA^
eies, tamale and supper parlor for sale: reason-
able; account of poor health. 513 Jones st.
< I TTi BUTCHER-SHOP; FIXTURES FOR"
-I UU. sale; cheap rent. GEO. C. YOUNG,
Petaluma.
Q M A LL VARIETY-STORE FORSALE; REA-
xu sonable. 3110 Sixteenth st., above Valencia. .'
I""OR SALE i HEAP; SALOON IN .*, 1 LOOA*
tion; owning party going out of business. Ad-
d rcss P. '... box 19, Call office.
$] ",( I CORN CIGAR-STORE; FINE FIX-
' Ox 1 . tures and stock: no night or Sunday
work. Apply HERMAN, 228 Pacific.
RESTAURANT, M ARKET ST., CHEAP: GOOD
business; bargain. BARCLAY A LYNCH, 935
Market et.|
i'x ENERAL MERCHANDISE STOR*"** FOR
XJ sale, $2000; or, half interest; full investiga-
tion; next to P. O. box 1, Brentwood, Cal.; re-
Labii- single man preferred.
BAKERY, NOTION AND CANDY STORE FOR
sale cheap. 909 Bryant.
|>BAN*CH BAKERY, COFFEE OR LUNCH
At place ; good location : cheap ren ; on account of
leaving city, must be sold for your own offering.
Apply CaU - 'face. s
Q7^o BUTCHER BUSINESS SELLING
•4* I tJXJ. 4 beeves, 25 eep. 6 hops, 500 pounds
***» a week ; rent $14 : 4 living-rooms. Inquire at
__ Tehama sL, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
POAL AND FEED BUSINESS IN OAKLAND;
.V charing from $5 to $8 per day. J. H. EDSON,
t!i2J__>hlo ave, ..■eland. .'
V?-!' ! * ali '--my half-intf:rest IN *rES-
-23vivrS-*- cheap; other business cause. Apply
p^p>>x,n st.
F tion 7 T "^-ASS LOON FOR SALE; LOC A.
■ ■'-'■'■■- lease. Add. C. 11.. box 119, CaU. .
'-. I-I-A.,1'1, LAD Y WANTS A PARTNER
=~gj?g-g'»"g.j Inquire at all Office.
-D^ara *v w, IBING FROM I BUSINESS ;
rani; mow ',?.',"■ ' - v ear " : «« rooms: bar; rcBtal *'
-— - — '.iliTili'lyjocated. Apply 607 Pine st. V .
■1 jilUdlslri?. l ''!**- 858 f^ALE, TELEGRAPH
'-lieap" snd S.? ve 18 blocks; can be bought
»^^/o^Xm o r^T are very good - "
BsB; E n em. D »otioh 8 , cheap; RENT
— ■- l_____lnqulre this office.
A WEEKLY cfT V T~*< it,r 5 CENTS - THE
v " * -- in wrapper, for mailing.
LOPGTNG-HO USES FOK SALE.
<<4ffo ROOMING HOUSE -88 BOOM 8;
?P 1 "^;' rent $50; clears monthly $100: must
be sold: sick ness. STENBERG CO.", 632 Market.
-I CASH- , , -
77 'V. Br *'* Payments ; 24-room house. DECKER,
1206 Market.
"■rjOTF-L-60 ROOMS, FINE BAR, 50 'board-
ax ers; payments to suit. DECKER, 1206
Market.
S'l'lP*. 10-ROOM HOUSE; GOOD LOCA'I ION :
, , *-'• '8 rooms; best corner In city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st. . 850
20 rooms ; sunny corner ; must 5e11 .7.77.7.7. 700
10-room house; very central 150
__ L L DECKER, 1206 Market St.. cor Taylor.
&fiO 000 TO I7OAN~ON - FuRNITURE
!"i- U _V-" U^ DECKER, 1206 Market st.
©1900 40-BOOM HOUSE, NEAR THE
VPA+*\J\J. Baldwin. DECKER. 1208 Market.
£*A ROOMS; FINE CORNER; WORTH $5000 ;
$2000 will buy it. Bee DECKER, 1206 Market.
*$(?AA 14 BOOMS, ALL FRONT; FINE
tpxyivrxj. furniture: north of Market; partcash;
sacrifice. JOHNSTON, 26"-, -j. Kearny st.
$700 * 4 ROOMS: CLEARS OVER '9100
' I xjxj, per month: trial given. 115 Second st.
FIKMI'DU; FOR SALE.
WE WILL MOVE FEBRUARY' 1
1 1 Previous to movluc to 747 Market st. we offer
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (laid) ' 750
English Linoleum (laid) • — 35c
SHIREK A SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st. 1
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND . BED-
• ding; new folding-beds, and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
I) EDUCTIONS ON LABGE OTOCK, NEW AND
t second-hand: 400 carpet* good as new. oil-
cloth, 26c: parlor suits, $19 up: linoleum, 46c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles, 25c:
ranges, $6; cash -or installments; goods shipped
free. T. _. NELSON*. 126 Fourth St.
CARFKi" CL. ANTNO.
abpbts~"clean f D "a N I > R E NOV A T I •: D
like new. FERGUSON .v. CO., 23 Tenth; tel.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH &CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th St.: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CI l -i STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
tIng, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AN UK N-
. ovating works. 45:'. Stevenson; tel. south 228.
ATATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND R~ENO-
1> vating Works HAMITON4BAILLY: lavin;
end altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 2-14.
HEN - YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»f poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PloneerCax-
pet Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama: tel. So-40.
1 -ONKLIN'B CARPET BEATING WORKa. SSS
\J Cold'»n Gate ave.: telephone east 126.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETC.
! ' KIGHT~PIANO CHEAPToR
I cash, on account of departure. 823 Larkin st.
Q- ( - UPRIGHT PIANO; ALSO SQUARE IN
tpxQyJ, good order. Storage-house, 211 Larkin st.
"L"' OR CASH; WILL SELL 1 LARGE UPRIGHT
i piano; price $90. Room 21, Fiood building.
VINE CHICKERING; BEAUTIFUL CASE;
A will be sacrificed at once by party leaving the
city; cash or installments. Room 10, Flood bldg.
1 ""LEGANT I NWAYOFFE DBYPATBY
X requiring cash at once; a line instrument.
Room 21, 809 Market St.
ECOND-HAND ""DECKER A SON PIANO;
great bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Com-
pany, 769 Market st.
PIANO GIVEN AWAY; ABSOLUTELY NO
charge. Particulars at BRUENN'S, 228 Tost.
AINES BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush A ("ens' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 524 Post st.
CONOVEB " PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
OJjTI A BARGAIN: FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
"4PiiU., condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ A CO.,
16 McAllister st.
*V I. UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN, FOLDING
_ bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PIANOS^" ~~~ ' —
Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson ; easy terms. 735 Market st.
C! BERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
llng pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
for rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 o'i-arre'l.
REATBABGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
Piano House, 216 Post st.
M. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
»' rill, room 1, first floor: take elevator; pianos
end organs sold for cash or installments.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRA CT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of It" please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN*. CLAY di CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter fits. .
(^] "7 ■""■» CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
_P A 10. upright: perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEINWAY.FISCHER ANO
other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER A
CHASE. 28 and SO O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS _LOW PRICES. KOHLER A
X CHASE. • . .
BY RON - MAUZY", 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,'
Newby A Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
H. MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham nlace.
QTEINWAY, $215: WEBER, $265; SOMER,
C $237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 aud $55.
HEINE. 410 Pest st.
ARRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
X\ grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. ; -~~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sale
In San Francisco. X. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market St.. Spreckels building.
HOKSES. ~~
HANDSOME FAMILY^ CARRIAGE AND
tine large, gentle horse, with harness, for sale
together or separately. 822 Broadwav. Oakland.
L"OR SA..E CHEAP— YOI'NO HORSES AND
i express-wagon. 107 Twenty-ninth st.
OFFER WANTED FOR GOOD PEDDLING OR
delivery horse. 1330 Sanchez st.
I "OR SALE— HORSE. BUTCHER'S CART,
i business buggy, business cart. 1620 Mission St.
I A A HEAD OF WELL-BROKEN WORK AND
lUU driving horses: just from the country;
draught horses weighing from 1600 pounds up;
fast trotters; pacers. G. LINDAUER, 862 Howard.
1""OR SALE OB EXCHANGE— FINE ROAD-
X ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
604 Sutter st. , -. : , > -
1 r A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
J-UU ness: all kinds; wagons, hussies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
ORSES PASTURED: $2 A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hyde
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
DH. V.'L.ViT'HAL, VETERINARY SUR-
geon for S. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hall ave.: telephone south 401.
A A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON* -I
TU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St. ; auction sales every We"nes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. V-
"1 a a SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALIj
1"" kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth .and Valencia sts.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
FORSALE— THE BEST BICYCLE BUSINESS
in city within 60 miles of San Francisco;
best 01 reasons for selling; will require about
$4000 capital. Address Bicycle Business, box 31,
Call Oflice. _
0 • ) elegant HIGH-ABM wheeler-
typ^Zi. WILSON No. 9 sewing-machine; oak
finish; equal new; cause, departure. 801 Union.
1 SQ^' OVERLY BICYCLE; GOOD CONDI- '
iOUU tion; $35. WAIBEL'S, 16th and Mission,
A A A SEVENTEENTH— TWO NICELY FUR-
JtU nished rooms for housekeeping: yard; hath.
9 FRESH DURHAM COWS: GOOD MILKERS;
£1 gentle ; for family. 1312 Folsom si.
HOOD TOP BABY CARRIAGE: PERFECT
order; $9. 83 Lily ave. ■
L*OR SALE— MINE ON THE MOTHER LODE
-T in El Dorado County favorably located and close
to railway; title, U. S. Patent: considerable devel-
spment: large vein; owner lacks capital: will sell
part, or w oie; open for inspection. For particu- ■■
lars address A. E. HAMILTON, P. O. box 66,
Placerville, Cal.
TTILLI ARD AND POOL TABLE; A BARGAIN
Fifteenth ave. and San Bruno road. H,
SCHUUR. ■■•■'■•■■
BELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
FOR SALE— VERY CHEAP, FIVE SECOND-
hand French, ranees and 100 cook stoves; all
sizes. Call at once, SHUSTER BROS., 506 Sutter.
CAA SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
UUU and prices from 25c per yard up. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.*'
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
G- OLDEN GATE GAS ENGINE. APPLY TO
r Browning & Bremer. gun store, 820 Kearny st.
BABY' CARRIAGES AND RATTAN ~FURNI-
ture: call and get our prices; coses nothing.'
S-nsct Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell St., near
Stockton. j
1 \ 11 ITS. MIRRORS.CASH REG ISTERS,
XJ sealer, c*:.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
I' 1i : E AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
i press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay
MON A - SLOT MACHINES FOR
sale orglvenaway. KA UN A CO.. 220 Cal. st.
ONE SMALL "MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st,
"MB RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND""
li hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
Cj 0 1" NT ERS, • SHELVING, SHOWCASES
; bought and sold ; 1121 V« Market bet. 7th and Sta
: SEWING MACHINES. '
''BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED;
rented. reDaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 25, 1896.
houses to let.
ouse^oFTroo^uTand^thT^taSle
for horse ana wagon; large cellar; . 159 Erie
St., between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, near Fol-
som; rent $18. MADISON <fc BURKE, 620 Market.
991 LAUREL AVE., BETWEEN TURK AND
xuaiJl. Eddy, off Van Ness • ave.— House ; 4 rooms
and hath; rent reduced. ; .... . »
TONES ST., BET. JACKSON AND PACIFIC—
'J Neat 2-story bay-window house; 8 rooms and
bath : rent low to a eood tenant. -'fa^SSSasiSSj*
Bush, bet. Mason and Taylor— Fine 3-story bay-
window house; 9 rooms and bath; rent low to "a
good tenant.
Apply to C. S. CAPP A CO., House Brokers and
Real Estate Agents, 413 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS, RATH.-1921 EDDY' ST;
also flat, 4 rooms, 48 Parker ave.. off Point Lo-
bus ave., and Jpalntshop 22x75 Broderick st., near
Geary. Inquire of a. MEYER, 2303 Geary st.
CORNER RAY-WINDOW HOUSE: Al.L*\;on-
ern ; 7 rooms, hath, etc. ; frescoed. Key at 326
Nineteenth St., cor. Lexington ave, . .
/J -ROOM COTTAGE, A 6-ROOM HOUSE, A
"a 7-room house ; rent very cheap. 1822 Filbert.
HOUSE OF 7 NICE SUNNY ROOMS: BATH;
yard; basement. 1611. Leavenworth st.
1 F-O/f CALIFORNIA — HOUSE 11 SUNNY-
-1 __j_" rms. bath ; newly painted, decorated ; yard
m GEARY— OF 11 ROOMS AND
_ bath: rent reasonable; key at2l7V a . >
©9Q P.O WATER FREE: MODERN
tip u- iO.OXJ . bouse; 6 rooms, alcove, bath, serv-
ant's room, laundry; planked basement. 1605
Jackson si.; key at corner house.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia st.; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
AVED-DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN A HAM
MOND Id Montgomery st. -
FUKNISHED HOUSES.
K/17 RAKER ST. — HANDSOME, SUNNY
OxJ K nicely furnished house; will rent. whole or
part or board with tenant.
"VTICE SUNNY' FLAT, FURNISHED; SIX
Am rooms; bath; cheap. 2514"/2 Sutter st.
ELEGANT FLAT (CENTRAL AND VERY
finest In the city) of 6 very large, sunny rooms,
bath, pantry, closets, etc.; suitable for residence
or business, or living apartmentsand business com-
bined: facing south, overlooking Union Park: car-
pets and part of furniture for sale: $250 to $400:
will transfer long lease to purchaser. N. D.
SICKELS, 318 Post st.
991 '-J WEBSTER-SUNNY FLAT; LINEN;
~"tO china: piano: bath: $45.'
FUBMSHEO flats.
OTOAGE^oF~irXARGE~ROOMsTr^AR^
Vj grounds: rent $12. Apply at 28 Collingwoodst.,
or in grocery.
pOTTAGE 4 ROOMS: CABLE PASSES; SPE-
\J cial reduction to steadv tenant. 1705 Mason.
VTEWLY FUBNISHED FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND
-■-> oath; rent $25. 2310 Pine st. * -
COTTAGES TO LET.
AS iTITcOTT AGE" b^'FirAT^NEA iT^Ar7
ket and Valencia. S. C, box 9, Call Office.
SUNNY BAY' - WINDOW COTTAGE OF 5
rooms: large yard and- basement. Fifteenth
and Dolores sts. ; •-_
FLATS TO LET.
79i51«cATLPSTl^ i 1 8 ',
iZiU laundry and hath; rent $30. J. H. Mo-
GINNBY, 728 McAllister st. - ■
CHEAPEST FLAT IN THE CITY; 5 ROOMS
and bath; rent $16. Apply 1915y a McAllister
St., bet. Lyon and Lott.
*» ROOMS AT 26 NATOMA: RENT $7. APPLY
O BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
Ql Pi BUCHANAN— BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5
Axj sunny rooms: bath: rent $16 (reduced).
ANDSOME NEW FLAT OF 7 ROOMS. 734
Fourteenth, between Market and Sanchez.
1 «IQ9 LOWER FLAT; 5 ROOMS;
ATtOjmd cheap.
TTPPER FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS AND RATH ;
IJ rent cheap. Corner Thirteenth and Folsom.
ROOM UPPER FJ AT; NEW; FRONTING
Park panhandle. 1620 Fell St., near Lott.
¥19 7 ROOMS; BATH; RANGE; HOT
0 Au.. water; water free. Jersey and Sanchez.
UN .*%Y CORNER FLAT, 7 ROOMS; BATH;
basement. 333 Haiglit. corner Webster.
91 _1 FELL— FLAT OF 5 LARGE SUNNY
• "112 rooms and bath.
UNNY CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND
bath; 3 bay-windows; key at 1553 Howard st.
719 OCTAVIA— LOVELY LOWER PLAT. 7
I 1— rooms; bath; modern improvements; brick
basement.
1 faA ( J POINT LOBOS AVE.— NEW, UP-TO-
ll'lU date 7-room flat; sunny; $20.
1 1 Af' UNION— 6 ROOMS, BATH, $2160;
XI UU 805 Union, 3 rooms $10, 4 rooms $11.
IP IRST FLOOR— ROOMS; LARGE YARD:
unfinished basement; $16: clean and in toon
repair: quiet, attractive, private street. * DEMP-
STER. 36 Glen Park ave., off Twelfth st. ■
FIVE LARGE ROOMS, FRONT AND REAR
yards, sunny: $25. 22 Twelfth st., between
Mission and Howard.
LAT 4 PLEASANT ROOMS; REAR; RENT
reasonable. 416 Hyde at. :.'•_
FLAT 5 " ROOMS AND BATH; RENT $18.
2319 Pine st. ....
->1 A 4 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH AND tlASi*.
tjpx-A. ment. 26 Lloyd St., off Scott, nr. Waller.
SUNN UPPER FLAT 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
827 Hayes st.
17-LAT 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS; BATH;
' hot and cold water. 331 */ 3 Eddy st.
m PERRY ST., BET.THIRD AND FOURTH.
Bay-window flat; 5 sunny rooms: bath.
G*Q9 p. A ELEGANT *«•• FLAT of 6
tJpoZi.UU. rooms, bath. 2112 Devisadero st,,
near Sacramento.
"VICE FLAT 3 ROOMS. 352 MCALLISTER
-■-> street. .
OWER PART OF HOUSE; 908% POST ST.;
rent cheap.
LEGANT FLAT. 6 ROOMS; BATH AND
large cellar. 713 Grove st.
(n>9*7~p SUNNY BAY-WINDOW flat.
tj^Zu I .OXJ. 1804 Washington St., near Polk; 6
rooms and bathroom.
Ij*LEGANT SUNNY' FLATS, 3 ROOMS. 202
X Grove st., corner Van Ness.
UNNY UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS: BATH;
latest Improvements; cor, oak and Scott sts.
-_ io FLAT; 4 ROOMS; HALL AND YARD.
Axu. 444 Clementina st., near Sixth.
"VIEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LIGHT
Xl rooms; $18: bath, gas, tubs. 911 Folsom, near
Fifth. ■
UNN* V UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
basement, 396 Waller st., cor. Fillmore.
6 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH, $20; ALSO
cottage, 6 rooms, $15. Key at 1706 Hyde st.
•Kit ODERN NEW SUNNY FLAT; LOW BENT
JUL rooms: bath and gardt-n; lop of hill. 923 Fell.
SUNN V FLAT 3 ROOMS; GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, hath: $13 and $18. 1706 Post st.
AVE CAR FARE-BEST FLATS IN ' THE
city; 5 and 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion; nice neighborhood: keys NE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. Apply 320 Sansome st., room 4.
"A ' ERY FINE FLAT; 7 BOOHS; LARGE
V yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
91 Al FAIR OAKS— NEW SUNNY LOWER
Ziitt2 flat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
"ffljlQ 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS. STOVES.
-i-O. water, dumb waiter; all modern; at 956
Union st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage in Oakland. To let
by KOENIG «fc KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
E~ LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Rryant, 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
AVED-DOLLA 'DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st. ,
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THK
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOISKKKKI'LNii ROOMS.
//'/ Brannan Street.
*709 BRANNAN - NICE SUNNY FU R-
K Ui. nished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
.„ Broadway.
AflO BROADWAY - — NICELY FURNISHED
■±UO housekpg rooms; also single; well cleaned.
'Eddy Street.
9*l n EDDY-SMALL - FURNISHED SUNNY
juil.O room, $5 a month.
407 EDDY— SUNNY ROOM; 2 CLOSETS;
AJ I hot and cold water: light housekeeping al-
lowed; also front parlor: reasonable.
Ellis street.*.
7Q;: ELLIS— PLEASANT, DESIRALESUITE;
I OO also large alcove room; private lamily.
./.'•• *■■.*-■■ -Fillmore Street. ~~~~
Ql A FILLMORE, OFF HAIGHT— 3 SUNNY
OiU housekeeping rooms; modern improve
ments; rent $10.
Folsom Street.
7Q K FOLSOM-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
100 room ; light housekeeping-; $8 per month.
011:1 .street. '
A A O FOURTH-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
trio complete for housekeeping.
• Geary St- eet.
ml GEARY, OPP. PARK— SIS ; ALCOVE
iU a A suite and adjoining rooms, with porcelain
sink; bath: 3 closets; partly furnished. * .
IQI 7. GEARY _ PARLOR. BEDROOM,
101l dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds ; all necessaries ; $24.
C'oliieu Oate Avenue.
QQQ GOLDEN GATE AVE.— 4'' SUNNY'.' FUR-
OOO nished housekeeping rooms and bath. . t
Grant Avenue.,-': - /
T 7 GRANT AVE. -CHANGED HANDS;
i'l newly furnished rooms, single or en suite;
transient. y
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMf? — Continued.
7~~ Hayes Street.
mQI HAYES 2- OR .3 FURNISHED
i i iO2 housekeeping rooms: use of kitchen and
hot and cold water. - -.-■■■■.
... Howard Street.
7ftl 1 HOWARD — NICELY" FURNISHED
4 OX 3 suite with kitchen; man and wife pre-
ferred. -■.-.*■ ■ . -■
1 1 .19 HOWARD-2 furnished: HOUSE
Ax/xiJ keeping rooms; water, range, bath; rent
$10. .'■''. . ".-;.,•
Hyde Street.
AA HYDE-5 FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS,
OUU suitable for housekeeping; will let single.
McAllister Street. "
OAA MCALLISTER ST.-3 SUNNY UNFUR-
Oil nished rms: housekeeping; water; gas; $12.
lil Ql MCALLISTER— I LARGE FURNISHED
J-1/3 room for housekeeping: cheap.
/Z ypy '■ Minna Street.
79 MINNA ST.- NEWLY . PAPERED UN-
-4 -. furnished housekeeping rooms cheap.
*'•■-. .'""v.*.- Mission Street.
QQQ MISSION— I LARGE FRONT ROOM, $8;
000 also suite, $12; single room, $1. :
O'Parrell Street. '■
■TOPI O'FARRELL-TWO SUNNY UNFUR-
u-U' - nished rooms in basement, with stove.
Sixth Street. ~T~
Al 1 SIXTH-2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS FOR
OxJ Ax housekeeping: $10 or $12.
x wenty-Second. Street.
<*J> 1 pr 6 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
«JpiU. bath; water free. 626 22d, cor. Capp.
Van Ness Avenue.
71 A VAN NESS — 3 COMPLETELY FU R-
I A\J nished housekeeping rooms, $25 ; also single.
Washington Street. '
CA9 WASHINGTON — SUNNY* UNFUR-
OxJ& nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
pHEAFESTAND BEST EN AMERICA— THE
xj WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in trs
United states or Canada one year for . "pi 50, post-
age free.
ROOMS TO LEX.
■ 'Bush Street. .
QQA BUSH-SUNNY' FURNISHED ROOMS;
tJOxJ suites and single: also light housekeeping.
9 1 1 ii BUSH — ELEGANTLY , FURNISHED
jL.I IXJ roomsr en suite and single; also house-
keeping. ■
?-'•■•/:'/ California Street.
QQ7 CALIFORNIA— BRIGHT ROOMS-
-001 carpets; bath; private family.
9CQI CALIFORNIA ST.— 3 ELEGANTLY
juiOOx. furnished rooms and bath; cheap.
Eddy Street.
f>Q9 EDDY— FINE SUNNY' ALCOVE AND
DO- other rooms; best conveniences: reasonable.
Eighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market;, furnished and unfurnished. ■
Ellis Street.
AOO ELLIS— I DOUBLE AND TWO SINGLE
A£o rooms; sunny; reasonable.
COO ELLIS-DESIRABLE unfub-
-O~.Q nished parlor floor, suitable for doctor or
dentist, or light housekeeping.
Fillmore Street. .
9AQ FILLMORE, NEAR HAIGHT-NICELY
juaXJO furnished room and bath, for gentleman
or lady, with private family. ■
Fifth Street. ~~~
99 FIPTH-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
— — rooms; front rooms $1 50 a week up.
-Folsom Street.
ft 9o FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH-SUNNY FUR-
OjutxJ nished rooms, $1 per week. , »-..-•
Geary Street.
Cl Q GEARY-NICE, SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
UiO able for doctor's offices: single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished: housekeeping; also store!
Howard. Street.
70 J. HOWARD - FINELY FURNISHED
' U"± front rooms, eu suite or single; also house-
keeping. •
711 HOWARD— FURNISHED OR UN '(', ; -
4ii nished rooms; single or en suite; also
housekeeping; cheap.
QQXI HOWARD - NICELY' \ FURNISHED
tlOO'i single and double sunny rms: reasonable.
1 1 42 ,XOWAJB;u —BOARD AND ROOM, $17. "
191 71 HOWARD-LARGE ROOM: SUIT-
i-^i 4 2 able for 1 or 2 men; gas; bath: private.
1 -y9l c HOWARD— LARGE, NICELY FUR-
xOuuA nished sunny room ; rent reasonable.
\ Jessie Street.
AOZ. JESSIE. NEAR MINT - PRIVATE
TttJtj family; 2 neat single rooms: rent $5 and $6
Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE; NEW
*xXJ 4 management; elegant snuny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to $30.
Kearny street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY—
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
In every respect: terms reasonable. ~:\ -y_
Larkin Street. .
49Q LARKIN - NICELY FURNISHED
71 j-i "7 rooms, single and en suite.
QA Q LARKIN-HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
O J.O suite of -parlors; private family; running
water: gas.
101 Q PARKIN, COR. SUTTER — NEWLY
iUi€7 furnished suites: single; housekeeping.
Market Street.
7f»r MARKET ST.-FURNISHED SUNNY
4 xJO suites, offices, single rooms, $6 to $10 per
month; transient.
777 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
4 4 4 suites and single; housekpg; also offices.
ylisEM 1 1 HO BSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
i Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night, 35c to $1 ; week, $1 60 to $5; families.
Mason Street.
9 MASON, . NEAR MARKET-2 VERY ELE-
gantly furnished parlors; very cheap.
McAllister Street.
A A 9 MCALLISTER, FLAT I— BACK PARLOR
Ax —. and single rooms suitable for genUemen.
. Minna street.
OF. A MINNA-LARGE LIGHT ROOM, $1 PER
OOA week. **- >■-.
- Mission Street.
lA' MISSION —"HOUSEKEEPING AND
i XJOO other rooms: newly furnished; cheap.
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
X furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
RAND SOUTHERN — SE. COR. 7TH AND
Mission.reopened ; thoroughly renovated ;sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished jingle or en suite;
stationary washstands aud running water In
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
Nineteenth Street.
91 R NINETEENTH, NR. HOWARD-FUR-
wll) nished parlor, bedroom and kitchen; $16.
Oak Street.
ml OAK-LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
2 reasonable.
O'Farrell Street.
1 99 O' FARRELL — NICELY FURN. ROOM
I — I— . for gentleman ;all conveniences $8.
A Lit - O'F-ARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
AjU,X) double room : hot and cold water; $10.
p. a a o'l-"ARRELL — nicely furnished
oil sunny front room: rent reasonable.
Polk Street.
£JA*j POLK-BAY-WINDOW ROOM; SUN ALL
Post Street.-
-/J9PJPOST-A DESIRABLE SINGLE FUR-
rxAxj nished room for gentleman.
P. A 9 lOSi'. CORNER MASON-TWO SUNNY'
OxJxut front rooms, with gas.
I owell Street.
91 CPOW E LL — SUNNY FURNISHED
jUAO rooms; $8 and $10. ■ . ■
* Stockton Street.
'"A*' STOCKTON — * NICELY FURNISHED
OxJO rooms ; single or en suite; hot and cold water.
Sutter Street.
EOA SUTTER, BET. POWELL AND MASON—
OjUXJ Furnished room for 1 or 2 gentlemen or gent
and wife, gas, bath ; central. .**■.. ;■
• Taylor Street. :
£-.99 TAY'LOR-NEWLY FURNIBHED SUN
<)^._ ny rooms; thoroughly respectable.:
third Street. .'
WINCHESTER. HOUSE— 44 THIRD," NEAR
Market; most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night ; XI 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in everv room : reading r'm : free bus.
OFFICES TO LET. "
I~^L~FO A~NTL : rHrRI?IS~U^^
Ht able for professional man; occupied ten years |
by dentist. > 850 Market, cor, j Stockton, first "floor.
91 7 GEARY— PARLOR FLOOR; SUITABLE
XJA I for business; key at 217-_. .
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS
building, 925 ' Market : -' rents « low; . no ! extra
charge for gas, janitor services or heating. i Apply '
at building or G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Moms. at.
BOARD ING/ AND ROOMS. ,
HOME COMFORTS; DOUBLE OR SINGLE,
with board; choice. 1431 Market st.
QOQ GEARY— NICELY FURNISH KB SUNNY
00<j suites; table board; suitable for families. :.*.*..
"I QC HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
■ A OO with or without board.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
suites, with first-class board, suitable for 2 or
4 gentlemen; ■ all modern conveniences. Apply
615 Taylor st. ■ •'--• -■■■■■■■> ■
f?OQ BUSH, COR. STOCKTON— THE GRENO-
UUU ble— Newly and elaborately furnished rms.;
■"ingle or en suite: board optional ; terms reasonable.
IF YOU "WANT "A PLEASANT HOME CALL
i at Van Ness ave., cor. Bush St.; the Winder-
mere; references required. ■ ■'■■ --•• ■ --
OOCi EDDY— NORMANDIE; SUNNY
Ox-iU sing.e rooms table board; tei ms reasonable.
HOTEL BEETLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
era conveniences. : ■ .
CHILDREN BOARDED. \
ADY SHORT SiBTaSce"~ FROM~ CITY
would like 1 or 2 children to board: good home;
references given. Address CLARA M. SHELLY,
Redwood City, Cal. .
V7"OU CAN FIND REFINED HOMF* IN AMER-
i ican family for child;, terms moderate. _* 402
San Jose ave.
OOD HOME FOR CHILDREN: TERMS
reasonable: best of reference. ' 1132 Shotwell.
"ujdle"-aged LADY WOULD like TWO
children to care for and send to school; rea-
sonable. Address 102 Hannah St., Oakland.
TIT ANTED— I OR MORE CHILDREN TO
'i' board: good home. 1507 Twenty-fourth st.
stokes TO LET.
F"~IN^ECORNE^^
A cheap reut. Apply to J. F. PLUMBE, 1402
Y'alencia St., cor. of 25th. :
ORNER STORE AND 3 ROOMS, CELLAR
and stable: suitable for any business; old es-
tablished stand and good belling neighborhood;
NW. cor. Pacific and Hyde; rent low* to a good
tenant. Apply to C. 8. CAPP A CO., House Brok-
ers, 413 Montgomery st.
O LET— A LARGE BARN FOR LIVERY OR
manufacturing business. Jessie, near seventh.
ARKET-ST. STORE; LOCATION THE
best; vacant from F'eb. 1; rent reasonable.
Apply to P. C. MOLLOY. 138 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN. ■ . . '
ORTGAGES^ PROBATE LOANS;" "WAFU
rants. SALOMON «fc CO., 328Montgmry,r.214.
ON FURNITURE OR PIANO BY* PRIVATE
party; low interest; strictly private. 215 Powell.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market St.. er. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT FROM US ONYOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate oflice rm. 68, Donohoe build'g. 1170 Market st.
"IST&2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
itates;lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY, 62B Mrkt.
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WITH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal- !
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest: perfect secrecy; . private entrance; '
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avenue I
MONEY TOLOAN ON MORTGAGES OR COL-
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON, 303 __gtg_*_j
MONEY LOANED, 8 _, PER CENT ON MORT-
gages. A. F. JOHNS A CO., 632 Market st.
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
X mortgages, furniture or pianos • without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount; low est rates. BECKER; 240 Montgomery.
LOANS-FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
city or country; furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
D VANCES ON DIAMONDS, ETC
Columbia Loan _ Collateral Office, 9 Grant ave.
A NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
- 1 *- estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate. _______". 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
PAWXBKOaEKS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates : pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
medical. ~~ ;;;■:
L" ADIES-CHIcriESTKR's' ENGLISH PEN-
xx ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, '-Relief for Ladles," in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa.
TJN FORTUNATE SUFFERERS FROM PILES,
1-j In any form, can be put in the way of sure re-
covery by sending their address "to J. W.
MITCHELL, 457 Minna St., City.
LADIES. CONSULT FREE --MRS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist in the
city; $600 paid for a case 1 fall to cure ; diseases
of the eye treated especially.
VI ME. DE GIERS~MAGIC WONDER, THE
l»i only true method In the world for restoring ir-
regularities in 8 hours; $5; perfectly harmless.
Cull or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market^ ji6 and 67; physician's consultation free.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRTJT
ments ; or- worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
aU cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RE
lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause) bv the most experienced ladies' physicians
In San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladies will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
cially Invited: home in confinement: treatment
warranted: advice free; Pink Pills, $3. DR. and
MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
DR, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, -NEAR
"Jones. Diseases of women and children.
ALL FEMALE -IRREGULARITIES RE
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
time; travelers helped at once; home In con-
finement; French pills- guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
MRS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a specialty. 230 Clara St., nr. Fifth.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity ln one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients: best skill;
medical attendance: low fees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market. :■-.-■.
LADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE - REGULA
X ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
A RE GUI "FOR - ALL - Dis-
eases, from whatever cause; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
A HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
JA MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda
MRS. DR. WEGENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement: Irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; $2 60 express CO. D.-. . don't delay
unto too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal. "
"I F IRRF'GULAR OR ANY F'EMALE DISEASE
i see Mrs. Dr. Pnetz and be content. 254V a 4th.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.'- -4
THE SAN^FBANCISCCT AND^ANJOAQUIN
Valley Railway Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. City and County of San
Francisco, State of California.
Notice— There are delinquent upon the following-
described stock on account of assessment No. 4, |
levied on the 10th day of December, 1895. the
several amounts set opposite the names of the
respective shareholders, as follows:
No. No. .
Cer. Sh'ra. Amt.
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer, *
James D. Pheian, Lovell
White, O.D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, 1 -. F. W.
Van . Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees..... ....'.... 465 I $10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer, - ' ■ <■■::.'■■-■
James D. Pheian, ' Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
■ Cross, Thomas Brown, F. XX. .
Van Slcklen, Christian de
Guigne.trustees..:..:. ...... 445 2 20
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. l'helan. Lovell
White, O.D.Baldwin, James
Cross, Tho i. as Brown. F. W.
Van Slcklen, Christian de
trustees.... . ........ 608 1 10
A. B. Soreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James" D. Pheian.* Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. -■ F. W. t
Van Slcklen, Christian de
-Guigne.trustees..'. 586 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer, .
James D. Pheian, .Lovell
White, O D. Baldwin, • James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. '
Van Slcklen, , Christian de
Guigne.trustees.... .....;. 508 1 10
And in accordance with law and order of the
Board of Directors made on the 10th day of Decem-
ber, 1895, so many shares of each parcel of such
stock as may be necessary will -. be sold at public
auction at tho office of said company. No, 821
Market St., In the City and County of San Fran -
ci-co, State of California, on the 26th day of Jan-
uary, 1596. at the hour of eleven (11) o'clock a. m.
of said- day to -pay' said delinquent "assessment
thereon, . together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. V .*-*;
ALEXANDER' MACKIE, Secretary. •
Office,* No. 821 Market st., San Francisco.
'y POST M NT. - '.'"".* •
"■-. By order of the Board of Directors of said cor-
poration made and entered upon.-.. the records
thereof upon the 21st day of January, 1896, the
date of the delinquency of : said assessment was
postponed until the 21st day of Jauuary, 1896. and
the dato of sale of such delinquent stock was post-
poned until the 10th day of February, 1896, at
eleven (11) o'clock a. m. of said day. :.
ypy, ':■ ... ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary. .
--•■ '. CYCLES. "~
Ta^Tdsor /BICYCLES: "*■ STRICTLY HIGH
■ »» grade; no stamping - all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT * CO., 324 Post St., S. F. v ..-■-
-ARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET; ;
best accommodations. Terminus ' Geary, Mo-
Allister and PoweU st. car lines. •
ClT*g_ REAL ESTATE.
HOME FOR $200: BALANCE *-*2300, $25 PER
month; 5 rooms, etc.: 2 lots. 122 West Park
St., Holly Park, block from Mission cars.
CC. BEMIS. -."- '. -
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,*- : .;
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
•FOR SALE.
$7200 rent a year — Brick building; business
property on Market st.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and *'7th ave; as a
whole or in subdivisions.
811,000— Cor. Pacific ave. and Baker st. ; 56x
137:6 feet. ,
$2600— E. side of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet. •'■■>
$450— san Carlos VUla lot: 100x150 feet. 7 .7
$6700— f.0."-127:6 feet on Jackson st,, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 mod. bouses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes bouses;
make offer. . ; . • *
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— Let on Duncan st., bet. Noo and Castro: 25
xll4feet. .-. .
'■ $Ksoo— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
frrfOO— Choice bulldiug lots north of park.
QtftOnO HOUSE; - -ToOM.S; CORNER, 41x
♦4PUUVL'. 88; Western addition; easy terms
Address Reverses, box 49, Call. /
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE for san
A i rancisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28*/2 Zoe st., city.
FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, bay-win"
dow, manteis.etc, built fors32oo; 5-room cottage
and bath. $1500. JAS McCONAHAY,II49 Mission -
-j*-"! O"*; IP SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT IS
A- 4.0 worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash; title insurance; see owner at once.
9 Powell St., room 3.
(IT--I WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
«4J?I $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap. ■■■ y
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$326— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly; macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. •
ACRIFICE-75x100, WITH GOOD * HOUSE
of 9 rooms; beautiful view; with use of stable
and water works and large adjoining grounds;
price $4500, part cash; or would exchange.
GEORGE D. SHADBURNE. 416 Montgomery St.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
tate and business of every description. A. J.
ROPE A CO.. real estate, 626 Mrkt. downstairs.
COLNTHt REAL ESTATE.
4 TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City,
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying alone: the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
stocaton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquiu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels. Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The' property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of mall game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land. Including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rights, $70
peracre. Terms: The purchase price payable la
six annual payments, without Interest," title per-
feet and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market Street,
san Francisco. CaL
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative,
-• ■■■■ -:■- ■ Oakdale, CaL
MARIN COUNTY'-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75Deracre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms tor sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND) REAL ESTATE.
CASH VALUE $3500;, PRICE FOR 10 DAYS
$2500; fine corner lot; 101x103; convenient
to businesscenter; cottage; s rooms; bath: street
work, stone walks complete; mortgage S2OOO can
remain. ,
$1500 less than actual cost; lot 50x95; house of
8 rooms, bath, with barn; street work, stone side-
walks complete; 4 blocks to local station; price
$2000; mortgage at bank $1600.
$1000 discount If sold at once; fine corner lot;
100x120; neat cottage; street sewered; side-
walked; nice surroundings, and only 3 blocks from
local station: price $2700; $800 cash.
$1600— Neat cottage; in excellent location; lot
26:6x135; street work, cement sidewalks com-
plete: terms $75 cash, balance $20 per month. *
J. S. MYEP.S, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
QOfin HERE'S A CHANCE FOR A home-
tj) OXJXJ. a 7-room cottage close to station and
short walk to business center; this is a snap. W.
K. BABNAND A SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
COR R LOT FRONTING ON A STREET
macadamized, sewered and sidewalked, $20 a
foot: good neighborhood. XV. E. BARNAND _
SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
HE I i A SNAP, OWNER MUST SELL;
modern 5-room cottage: large stable; lot
60x100; central location; Eighteenth st. near
Brush; pays income of $300 per vear: price only
$3000: cost $4000: this must be taken quick.
W. E. BARNARD A SON, 458 Ninth St.. Oakland.
< Ci p %nnn BUYS A 2-STORY HOUSE ON SUN-
t&UxJXJxj ny side of street; 8 large rooms; 3
mantels; lot 32x101: close to cars, churches and
schools and short walk to business centers. W. E.
BABNARD <fc SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
Gl OOD INVESTMENT— LOT 100x133:6; MAG-
-1 nolla St.; macadamized and sewered; $12 bO
per foot If taken Immediately. MARSHALL, 1118
Broadway.
K~ETIRING MERCHANT WISHES TO TRADE
his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Haywards or San Leandro. For full particulars
address box 4, Call Office, Oakland. -.
©IHA LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION-
<jp-l-v/'J. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
5» Of J MONTHLY FOR ft- ROOM COTTAGES;
t*P^v' plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate statn.
-*>"l {"".fl LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
tjPAOxJ. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast; good Improvements.
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
I «">A , l ??'i7 AND BEST IN AMERICA-TH_
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50. post-
age free. ' -----
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
©9900 $50 CASH, $22 50 MONTHLY: 5
x\P-^-u rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100: new
cottage.
$3000—550 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100, 6
rooms and bath ; handsome new cottage.
*3250-$2OO cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MABCCSE A REMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
S^OX - - LOT 40 *'8 , »: 2y 2 BLOCKS FROM sta-
tiP OZj Hon; cottage of 4 rooms and lot; $1600.
J. H. YOUNO, 1243 Park st., Alameda.
ffi»"| Of) DOWN — ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
•UP a XJxJ modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. • For
Immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda. . - .-
EEKEELEx* REAL ESTATE.
argain's. ■:..•'.'■ *7- ■-.' " "■ 'A /:"/""
$3260 for a new modern house of 9 rooms and
bath ; 40x130 : : 1 block from station ; improved
street; easy terms. .
$3600— Fine place among the oaks; 7 rooms and
bath; 50x144:6; 1 block of the U. C. grounds; Im-
proved street easy terms.
A fine 10t, 49x135: .on improved street; half a
block of Head'! Seminary: only $900. *
O. G. MAY A CO., 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
: SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KEAL ESTATE.
ANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS
19,000 acres in ' subdivisions for fruit planting
Apply toe. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
I*-' East Santa Clara st., San Jose, CaL
TO EXCHANGE.
Foit saleobT exc angeTTT f£v ET/rrsltN
Mission, for., rooming-house or business; also
house and lot in Oakland. Apply ill Liber y st.
FINANCIAL. ~~"
LOANS ON. IST AND 2D MORTGAGEfTASfD
life insurance policies: low- rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. -330 Montgomery st.
ANY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED. ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate; call and state your, proposition or write; open
evenings. J. NOONAN, 1021 Mission su
DENTISTS.^
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 0 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. - 50c: CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.5.,.815*?. Geary.
! »R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE^
xf work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T. CRANZ-EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ave,
C ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $»: fillings #1; extracting 60c. with gas $1.
©"T A SET FOR TEETH: 'WARRANTED AS
tip I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS*
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. U'DLIM 111 La.. 1443 MARKET ST.""
near Eleventh: no charge tor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per act: extracting 50c: gas given.
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
l^ketst. DR. CHARLES XV. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MA COR. GOLDEN
Gate ave.—Open evenings: Sundays til! noon.
ALA. WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. PP.. J. V*.*. KEY. 1122 Market st.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Movements of Tran«- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW "V ORK—Arrived Jan 24—stmr Olympia,
from Mediterranean ports: stmr Italia, from Ham
burs; stmr Cartbagenian, from Glascow.
GIBRALTAR—Arrived out Jan 24—Stmr Werra.
BREMERHAVEN-Arrlved out Jan 23-Stmr
Bonn.
HAMBURG—Arrived out Jan 23-Stmr Phoeni
cia - '- - - ■'-._»>..---•• ■.
MAKUIAOK LICENSES
—: ■ •
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County ClerK's office yesterday:
Nathan Gliksohn and Katie Levin, 31—28.
Frank W. Brennan and Mary A. Mahony, 25—19.
Joseph H. Rosenberg and Martha Jacobs, 26—20.
A. C. Cailleaud and Amelie 1.. Z. Saux, 26—20.
"Martin Behrman and Christina Knoche, 34—24.
Charles Gumbel and Martha Hoehna, 25—23.
DIVORCE PKOCEEOING-".
Complaints filed:
Mary Andrews against William 11. Andrews.
Thomas Livingston against Vlvia Livingston.
Divorces granted:
Mary E. Madden from Henry A. Madden, for
extreme cruelty; by Judge Seaweil. Plaintiff al-
lowed to resume her maiden name of Marv E. Wil-
liams and is awarded all community property, she
waiving all alimony.
Charles H. Mullin from Maggie Mullln, for de-
sertion ;by Judge Dalngerfield. Custodv of minor
children temporarily awarded to plaintiff. ....- -
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. The* must bo handed in at
either of the publication 'offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BORN. ' ~1/>
MENDELSON—In Santa Rosa, Cal., January 22,
1896, to the wife of H. Meadelson, a son.*
O'NElLL—January 22, 1896, to the wife of E. W.
O'Neill, a son.
SCHNABEL—In this city. January 20, 1896, to
the wife of E. H. Schnabel, a sou.
______
diedT
Bailey. Mrs. Kate M. Leitholt, Otto
Boyd, A" Lincoln, Eva F.
Collins, Cornelius Lyons, Ignatius '
Farley, Alice Mora-.h, Albert
Gallant, David I. Moses, Lazarus
Hartman, Herman O'Brien. Timothv M.
Hook. Henry Prevost. Edouard .-*••
. Hooper, Elizabeth Purves. Allan
Hootman, William Simpson, Mrs. Maria
Kennedy, Mary Splndler, Mary
BAILEY'—In this city, Jannary 23, 1896, Mrs.
Kate M. Bailey, wife of the late Captain George
W. Bailey, V. S. R,-M., a native of Camden, Me.,
aged 48 years and 2 months.
K3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock a. xt., from tbe resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. S. B. Kirk, 2406 Mission
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BOYD— In this city, Januaay 24, 1896. Alf, be-
loved and only child of A. and Line Boyd, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 5 months.
COLLINS—In this city, January 24, 1896, Corne-
lius, beloved son of John and Mary Collins, a na-
tive of San Francisco, agea 1 year 6 months and
10 days.
Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fuUy invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at TO o'clock a. m., from the residence
of the parents, 35*""/ 2 Clementina street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FARLEY—In this city. January 23,1896. AUce
. Farley, beloved mother of Mrs. Annie Knobloch.
and grandmother of Mrs. Fred Herrguth and
William J. Karr. '
atiTThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. M.. from her late
residence, 334 Silver avenue, thence to All Hal-
lows Church, South San Francisco, for services.
GALLANT—In Oakland, January 24, 1896, David
Ignatius, dearly beloved son of Peter and Eliza-
beth Gallant, loving brother of Mary and Mattio
Gallant, Mrs. J. Hahn. Sisters Agnes of Mary
and Mary Immaculate of the Holy Names, a na-
tive of Marquette,- Mich., aged 23 . years and 9
aay
.•"""""•Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerai MONDAY,
January 27. at 9 o'clock a, it., from the residence
of bis parents, 124 Louise street. Watts Tract,
) thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m.
Interment St. Mary's . Cemetery. Friends from
San Francisco take Berkeley train and get off at
B station.
HARTMAN—At Fort Wayne. Ind., January 23,
1896,' Herman, husband of the late Anna Hart-
man, and father of J. H. Hartman of Fort
Wayne, Mrs. W. C. Peters, Mrs. Charles Wall
and Mrs. Charles Kuhnof San Francisco, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 73 years.
HOOPER—In this city, January 23, 1896, Eliza-
beth, dearly beloved mother of Rebecca. Sarah,
Jennie and Henry Hooper, and widow of the late
Henry Otis Hooper, a native of Donegal, Ireland,
aged 64 years.
j*WThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from Calvary
Presbyterian Church, corner Powell and Geary
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOOK—In Oakland, January 15, 1896, Henry
Hook, a native of Missouri, aged 48 years 2
months and 15 days.
HOOTMAN—In this city. January 21, 1596, Wil-
liam Hootman, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
66 years. '
KENNEDY—In this city, January 21. 1896. Mary
Kennedy, a native of Ireland, aged 44 years.
LEITHOLT—In the City and County Hospital,
January 24, 1896, Otto Leitholt, aged 29 years.
LINCOLN— Oils city, January 23.1896. Eva
dearly beloved wife of Fred A. Lincoln, daughter
of Joseph and Genore O'Brien, and sister of Cora
and Joseph O'Brien, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 24 years 6 'months and 16 days. [Avon
(Mass.) papers please copy.]
USTFriends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the
family residence. 822 Twenty-fifth street, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will take place, Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LYONS—In this city, January 22, 1896, Ignatius,
son of, James J. and Bridget Lyons, a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 months.
MORATH—Ln this city, January 23, 1896, Albert
Morath. a native of Germany, aged 40 years.. .-
K~*rFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter <$* Co.. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MOSES—In this city, January 24. 1896, Lazarus
Moses, a native of Germany, aged 73 years.
O'BRIEN—In this city, January 22. 1896, Timothy
M., beloved husband of Lizzie O'Brien, father 'of
Thomas O'Brien, and brother of Mrs. Hannah
Murphy and Michael Donovan, a native of Bos-
ton, Mass., aged 45 years. [Portland papers
please copy. I .  *
49TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock m., from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PREVOST—In this city, January 24,1896. Edouard
• Prevost. a native of France, aged 65 years.
PURVES—AIIan Purves, a native of England, aged
66 years. ' .
l"E"r-Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of N. Gray A Co., 641 Sacramento street.
SIMPSON—In San Ramon, January 23. 1893,
Mrs. Marls Simpson, widow of Robert Simpson,
and mother of M. L., Alice C. and th e late James
Simpson, a native of England, aged 80 years and
17 days.
_**r-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. _ from her late
residence, San Ramon. Interment San Lorenzo
.Cemetery.;.:
SPINDLER—In this city. January 24,1896, Mary,
. beloved wife of Fred C. Splndler, mother of Ella
• and Newby *- nindler, daughter -of Joseph and
Ellen Wessels, and . sister of Joseph Weasels,
j a.natlve of Salem, Or.. aged 26 years 9 months
and 12 days. [Ventura papers please copy.)
UtijrFrieiids and acquaintances are respect-
S fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, corner Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets.. Interment Holy" Cross Cemetery.
"" '"' UNITED UNDERTAKEBS' """"
• EMEALMING PARLORS.
- Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
" Telephone 5167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
___________________*■■»____■■__———__-
"" WIcAVOY & CALL AC HER,
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALUHRi',
80 Fifth.St., Opp. Lincoln School.
7 . Telephone 8080. •
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY, :
IK SAN MATEO COUNTY;. NON-SECTARIANj
laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; beau-
tiful, permanent and easy of access; ■ see it > beforo
"Muring a burial place elsewhere.
City Office, » City Hall Aver-no*
1516
POISONED HORSES
ARE STILL DYING
The Brutish Culprits Have
Not Yet Been Found
by the Officers.
THE MOTIVE UNKNOWN.
Three More Animals Are Liable
to Drop off Within the Next
Few Hours.
9
SUFFERING UNTOLD TORTURES.
The Dumb Creatures Flounder and
Writhe on a Bed of Straw in
Terrible Agony.
The inhuman brutes who poisoned th
horses of the Arctic Oil Company are still
at large and the oil company people are in
the dark regarding the identity of the
fiends.
Captain J. N. Knowles, manager of the
company, was interviewed at his office, 30
California street, yesterday, and expressed
himself in strong terms when referring to
the manner of punishment that should be
dealt out to the men who have inflicted
such torture on the dumb animals.
"The agony of the horses," said be,
"cannot be described. It was simply awful
to see them straggling and writhing on
the thick carpet of bay that had been laid
on the stable floor for them. As soon as
the symptoms of poisoning began to ap
pear the poor beasts showed by the ex
pression of their eyes and the contortions
of their mouths tbat they were suffering
tbe greatest pain.
"The stableman did everything possible
to ease them, but nothing seemed to have
the desired effect. They snorted and
kicked around in their stalls and became
frenzied. It was then that a space was
cleared in the center of the stable and
great quantities of hay spread out for them
to lie on.
"Just what kind of poison it was I do
not know, nor do the doctors. We will
have to wait for the analysis. It will take
a week to get an analysis, but in the mean
time we are doing all in our power to save
the other poisoned animals.
"The only remedy that seemed to have
anything like a calming effect was. sweet
oil, and it has been administered in large
quantities to every horse that appeared to
bo affected. There are two more animals
that are likely to die before night, and
perhaps three. This will make thirteen in
all. and it may not even end there.
'There is a large trough inside the
-■table from which the horses are watered,
and the first lot that drank there are the
ones that have died. They showed signs
of illness a very short time" after drinking
and the stablemen, suspecting that the
poison was in the' water, cleaned out the
trough. The horses that drank next were
not so pick, but still they showed some evi
dence of having consumed poison.
"No, we have not yet found any signs of
the party or parties who had a hand in the
business, and nothing has occurred at the
works that would lead us to be! ieve
that any one would do such a brutal thing
for the purpose of revenge. We are work
ing on the case with the hope of finding
some clew to the culprits, but nothing so
far points to anybody we can call to mind.
It is very strange to me, and I cannot
understand it at all. So far as the guard
ing of the stable is concerned, it has every
protection, and in the last few days we
have increased our vigilance.
"Secretary Griffith's horses happened to
be in the bunch that took the water after
the trough had been cleaned out, and it
is probable that they will get well, as they
were but slightly affected."
"What will be your loss from a financial
standpoint was asked of Captain
Knowles.
"Something in the neighborhood of
$2600, but I would not have had this thing
happen for $10,000. Such horribly brutal
methods of revenge, if that was the basis
of the crime, should be immediately sup
pressed with strong measures, and I can
think of nothing that is too bad for the
men at the bottom of it.
"All of our horses were heavy, valuable
animals, weighing from 1200" to 1400
pounds. While they will be easy to re
place it is distressing to see them suffer
and die off because some brutes wanted to
gratify an appetite for revenge."
All day yesterday the stables of the
Arctic Oil Company were carefully
guarded and no one allowed to enter
any part of the works. Those of the sick
horses that required attention were under
the care of the veterinary surgeons, and
remedies were being applied with the
same regularity and care as though the
horses were human beings. The company
is sparine no expense to give the tortured
creatures relief, and if the other horses die
it will not be from lack of attention.
Dr. Archibald and Dr. Robbins are still
associated in the cases with Dr. Masoero.
Seven or eight of the cases are pretty well
in hand, and it is thought possible to
bring them through all ri-rht.
In the meantime it will go pretty hard
with the men who were instrumental in
the wholesale poisoning if by any hook or
crook they are discovered.
FIRE IN A FLOURMILL.
An Explosion of Fire Dust Causes a
810,000 Loss.
A fire took place at the Del Monte Flour
ing-mills, at Second and lirannan streets,
yesterday morning, that for a time threat
ened the total destruction of the building
and stock. The department, however,
succeeded in checking it. The blaze was
caused by an explosion of the flour dust.
The loss, chiefly caused by water, is esti
mated at $10,000. Ex-Fire Commissioner
NEW TO-DAT.
(uticura
WORKS
Wonders
In curing torturing, disfiguring, hu-
miliating humours of the Skin,
Scalp, and Blood when all else fails.
i - '
Bold through-rat the world. British Depot! F. Ntw-
_s_t _ Sons, 1, King Edward-st., London. Pottib
*D_SS ins Cue*. Cose., bole Props., Boston, U. 8. A.
T. J. Parsons is president of the milling
company. The loss is covered '- by insur
ance.
TEMPLARS APPROVE.
Thomas S. Harrison's National Amend-
ment Flan Indorsed by Grand
Chief Templar Webb.
Thomas S. Harrison, the originator of
the National Amendment Club plan, will
address the District Lodge of Good Tem
plars at Hamilton Hall this evening. He
will present his plan for the indorsement
of the Independent Order of Good Tem
plars of California. He will speak by the
invitation of Rev. J. W. Webb, the grand
chief templar of the State, who writes as
follows:
With much pleasure I have read your plan
for crystallizing the undoubtedly immense tem
perance sentiment of the whole country in a
general demand lor the passing by Congress of
a constitutional amendment abolishing in
1900 the liquor traffic, that cause of misery,
sorrow, shame, lawlessness, burdensome taxa
tion and individual and National degeneracy,
both physical and moral. It Is certainly
another move in the right direction.
Your National amendment plan for securing
millions of signatures to the petition to Con
gress strikes me as feasible, inexpensive and
provocative of agitation which is education.
As a straight Prohibition party worker and
voter I can see no objection. As a Good Tem
plar and brother-in-law of the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union I can bid you god
speed. Men and women in these and other
temperance organizations, without abandon
ing their societies or parties, and without
leaving their particular ran"".s and* distinctive
lines of work, can work for signatures to the
petition and for the creation of right and
potent sentiment. The work is certainly in
accord with a democratic form of government,
since it makes the linal appeal to and is depen
dent on the vote of the people.
SOCIALISTS SAY BOYCOTT.
The Subject of Government Own
ership Discussed by Sev
eral Speakers.
Resolutions Adopted Favoring a Gen
eral Embargo on All Southern
Pacific Roads.
Government ownership of "railroads was
the subject discussed at last night's meet
ing of the local branch of the American
Socialists at Mozart Hall. Morrison I.
Swift called the meeting to order and after
a few introductory remarks presented the
following series of resolutions, which were
adopted without a dissenting vote :
Resolved, That the morn newspapers of
the City, which have so vigorously contended
to defeat the machinations of the Southern
Pacific be requested to publish their editorials
opposing the funding bill and favoring Govern
ment ownership of the Central and Union
Pacifies as pamphlets, and that they be asked
to circulate them widely through the Kast.
Resolved, That it is the sense of this meeting
that the people of California should combine
to refuse to patronize the Southern Pacific
Railroad either by the purchase of goods
brought over the lines or by mail upon it,
whenever it is possible to do so.'
Resolved, That an anti-immigration society
should be formed to protect settlers from
coming to California from the Kasi to fall a prey
to the rapacity and robbery of the Southern
I'aciiic as thousands have already done. We
believe that in common honesty the fraud
which is perpetrated upon those who are in
duced to bring their savings to this State for
investment should be exposed and brought to
an end, and that as long as the Southern
Pacific reigns Overs this partof the coast settle
ment here should be assiduously discouraged.
Rev. E. B. Payne of Berkeley was to have
read a paper favoring Government owner
ship of railroads, but was unable to be
present, and, therefore, deputized his
daughter to take his place. Referring to
the funding bill the writer said : *
This bill considered on a moral basis is
wrong. The directors or' the Central Pacific
have promised that if the lime for the pay
ment of their debt is extended they will meet
their future obligations when they come due.
We must suppose that they say this in good
faith and know the earning capaeitv of their
road. Ii that is so, why have ihey* not paid
their debtsduring the past twenty-five years?
They certainly know what the property can
earn, for they have laid up enormous fortunes
from its earnings, and we have no assurance
that they will be any more honest in the future
than in the past. This is one of the reasons
why I am opposed to the funding bill.
*-T am not only in favor of the foreclosure of
the mortgage, but in favor of the Government
ownership and operation of the road.
It is claimed by those opposed to the Gov
ernment operation of railroads that it would
prove a losing proposition. Well, let us try it,
and if it really does prove a failure, there is
still time to sell the roads to private indi
viduals. Even if the Government should lose
the entire amount of the* debt by reason of
this experiment it should still, in my opinion,
be tried, as it would prove a thorough test of
the question of Government ownership of
railroads.
A. A. Dennison then spoke on the sub
ject of "The Coming Great Railway
Trust." He said:
One of the arguments against Government
ownership of railroads is that they would be
used for political purposes. Can any one re
member any time since the last spike was
driven that the railroad has not been in poli
tics? I need not repeat the details of the pol
lution of our municipal, State and National
governments by the railroads. They have
maintained a regiment of hirelings wherever
ana whenever it was . necessary to secure some
privilege or retain one already obtained.
The great railroads of the country virtually
control the price of every article produced in
the United States. They decide upon the rates
of transportation, and in this way actually fix
the value of productions. They have spent
millions to keep the cost of water transporta
tion up, so that their charges would not be re
duced, and it is their influence that has pre
vented the construction of the Nicaragua canal.
Should the Government demonstrate its abil
ity to operate a portion of the railroads in the
country there is nothing to prevent its opeiat
ing all of them through a properly organized
department of transportation.
Government ownership would mean a saving
in the one item alone of legal expenses of the
sum of $12,000,000 annually. This sum is
largely expended in tbe payment 01 attorneys
who are no more than lobbyists.
John R. Robinson, in speaking of the
second, resolution, adopted during the
early part of the meeting, said:
Are you aware that you cannot get out of
California or into it without patronizing that
outrageous, monopoly the Southern Pacific
Company? There are only three routes out of
the State by land. One of these is via Ogden,
over the Central Pacific Railroad, and over
which route each passenger contributes $35 to
the octopus. Another route is via Portland,
and on this the tax exacted by the railroad . is
$20. The third, is via Mojave, and ou this
route the passenger is made to give up hut
$11 to the monopolists. These ire facts
that should be kept. in mind by every one
traveling out of or into the State of Caliiornia.
They should patronize the last-named route,
and travel over the Santa Fe road whenever it
is possible to do so.
He then related the history of the
Southern Pacific Company and its orig
inal four chief owners, alleging that as
early as 180"9 they had divided among
themselves the enormous sum of $206,000,
--000 as net profits. AT/:/:
Several other five-minute speeches were
made, and then the meeting adjourned.
POSERS FOR MILKMEN.
Board of Health Issuing Blanks for In-
tending Dairymen to Fill Out.
The Board of Health is preparing blank
forms for the use of those who desire to go
into the milk business.
The questions they will be . expected to
answer are as follows:
Name? Name of . partners in firm? Name
of owners of business ? Officers of corporation ?
Business? Residence? Source of supply? Num
ber of cows in possession of applicant?
Average quantity of milk produced?
Average quantity of milk purchased?
Average quantity of milk disposed of by ap
plicant? Average number of gallons sold per
day? How disposed of? Average number of
gallons sold Der day retail? Average number
of gallons sold per day wholesale? Special
brand or business name under which milk is
sold or disposed ot? Mark on can? Number
of wagons employed in delivery? Time wagons
leave depot for delivery? Name of delivery
wagons.
There are said to be quite 103,000 fami
lies in London living in single rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 125, 1896.
A MODERN FRA ANGELICO
Meyer Strauss' Picture of Father
Serra Attracts Mrs. Stan
ford.
A FOE OF IMPRESSIONISTS.
Strauss Calls Artists of That School
Faddists, Smearers and Degrad
ers of Art.
Meyer Strauss is the Fra Angelico of San
Francisco. . ; . T-z-P- :;.
Like the artist priest of storied Italy,
this descendant of a sturdy German, race
prays always before he commences a pic
ture. A small chair in his studio is his
altar, and every morning he kneels before
it as he prays: "Sanctify this room.
Sanctify my work. -May thy spirit breathe
in every stroke of pencil or brush."
Mr. Strauss is at home in landscape.
The strength and beauty of nature awe
and inspire him. One of his finest paint
ings is one he calls "Solitude," which won
a premium at the "World's Exposition in
New Orleans. He wrought into the com
position of the picture the weird, uncanny
attractiveness of the gray, silent swamps
FATHER JIMPEKO SERRA ON HIS WAY TO . FOUND THE MISSION SAN CARLOS.
of Louisiana. He paints them in their
gloom and utter loneliness, which the
moonbeams filtering through the branches
of draped trees accentuate.
A recent work of his 13 at the El Car
melo Hotel, at Pacific Grove, and is said
to have attracted the favorable attention
of Mrs. Stanford, who may purchase
the painting. The picture has for its
background a forest, issuing from which
are Father Junipero Serra and his escort
of Spanish soldiery on their way to the
establishment of the old mission of San
Carlos, near Monterey. The costumes of
the time, 1770, are in picturesque contrast
to the stately arborescent setting. The
rapt look on the face of the aged saint,
one of the earliest and most faithful of the
pioneer priests*, has been considered super
natural. Small wonder that Mrs. Stan
ford, who caused to be erected at Mon
terey a monument to Father Serra's
memory, should fancy the picture both
for its motive and execution. -:7."
As might tie expected from a man who
makes his devotions before mixing his
colors, Mr. Strauss is conscientious in his
work. He believes that conscience should
direct every sweep of the brush. He is
bold in plan* but painstaking in detail. He
is an ardent realist, but claims he is not
an extremist. Color glows and burns. on
his canvas, but it is the result of nicety of
touch as well as daring of scheme.
His autumn scenes are bursts of color,
and yet true to nature.
Mr. Strauss has lectured on art at the
Ashland Chautauqua for several seasons,
and has now in course of preparation a
lecture on "Christ as Inspiration of Art,"
to be delivered at that assembly next sum
mer. : '7' ; 4Z. ■ .. :". ■ '
In a lecture on "Art and Fads".he deals
some body blows at; the impressionists.
"The smearers of the present day degrade
art," he said. "They are faddists, not
artists. Their school will not stand, be
cause it is founded on sand. * Impres
sionism is hot art. It is a fad. The mission
of art is to interpret, not to imitate, art.
Impressionism is hot tolerated in any pro
fession but art. Should a vocalist attempt
it he would be hissed. .If a' pianist struck
the keyboard with the .back of -his hand,
the. work of a musical impressionist, his
action would meet with vigorous protest.
"Between impressionism and realism
there is all the difference between a sketch
and a .finished picture."
REVENGE OF THE COOK
Beaten by the Mate, He Deliber-
a tely Set the Arcturus
on Fire.
The Ship Was Nitrate-Laden and
Burned Like Tinder — News
Came by the Arago.
There were lively times in the South
American nitrate ports when the barken
tine Arago was there. The American
ships Iceberg and "W. W. Crapo were
burned at Junin and the German ■ ship
Arcturus also went up in smoke. i All three
vessels were loaded with niter, and when
the fire took hold it was impossible to sub
due it. The Arcturus was deliberately set
on fire by the cook out of revenge, and he
was sent to Germany in irons to be tried
for his crime.
"From the time the fire broke out on
the German .vessel until the masts fell
overboard was not more than twenty mm
utes," said Captain Lewis yesterday. "It
broke out about 2 p. m. on November 10
last, and as the "Arcturus was lying along
side the Arago we lost no time in getting
out of the way. The vessel burned like
tinder and big pieces of her deck and spars
came sailing through the air and set fire to
half a dozen ships in the immediate vicin
ity. The Arago's deck is charred in half a
dozen places by the burning masses that
came aboard, and our spanker was com
pletely ruined. -P/'X
■'At- one time it looked as though there
was going to be a general conflagration,
and the captain of the British man-of-war
that was in port sent a boat's crew with a
torpedo to blow the burning vessel up.
The Germans, however,* refused the. offer
point blank, and the Arcturus burned un
til nothing but her hull was left. The fire
spread so rapidly that not a man on board,
saved anything. The captain secured his
watch and chronometer, but to escape the
flames he had to jump overboard, and, of
course, lost them. ; , ;
"An investigation waa - held .'and ; the',
cabin-boy testified that the cook had gone
down into the lower hold on November 10
and fired the ship. The cook was arrested
and admitted his guilt. He gave as an ex
cuse that the mate had beaten him with
out cause and that he did the deed out of
revenge. The ' Arcturus, or rather what
was left. of her, was afterward sold for
11,000 Chilean dollars. The silver dollar
down there, however, is only worth about
35 cents."
The second mate of the Arago was H.
McKenzie, who j was mate of the shin Ice
berg when that vessel was burned at Ju
nin. His story of the disaster does not
differ from that brought up by the Omega
and was published in The Call a few days
ago. Captain Lewis and Mate Rang re
port that in latitude 1 deg. 34 sec. south,
longitude 104 deg. 12 sec. west, a reef was
sighted which is not down on the charts.
It is said to have been 150 feet long and 50
feet wide, and the j waves were breaking
over it with tremendous force. The bark
entine was quite close to the reef, so the
officers say they could not be mistaken.
Among Captain Lewis' curios are a num
ber of .chips, nitrate laden, that blew
aboard the Arago and set her on lire in
several places.
While the details of the loss of the Ger
man Arcturus were coming to San Fran
cisco the American Arcturus went ashore
at Santa Rosalia and became a total loss.
While attempting to rech shore the car
penter was lost, but there were no deaths
on the German vessel.
The Thistle Club's Smoker.
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club held
its regular semi-monthly meeting at Fraternity
Hail, 32 O'Farrell street, last evening. - Royal
Chief John D. Coulie officiated. It was de
cided that Shell Mound Fark, Berkeley, be
secured for the annua' gathering and games
July 4. ■ The following clansmen constitute
the games committee for 1800: Chairman,
John D. Coulie; secretary, George W. Paterson ;
John Ross, J. Gillies, Alexander Sharp, . "A".
Dick, H. Steele. P. Keith and Alexander
Young. After the meeting the club held lis
monthly smoker. A programme was rendered
by James Aiken, Elijah McKenzie, James
Eraser, George R. Watson, Alexander Craig,
Harry Walker, James Gillies. Sydney Miller.
George W. I'aierson, William Dawson, Alfred
Miller, A. Currie and T. Stevenson.
LABOR COMES INTO LINE
The Trades Council Adopts Reso
lutions on the Funding
Bill.
Suggestions. 'to the United States Labor
Commissioner on a General Eight-
Hour Law.
The San Francisco Council of Trades
Unions met 'last night at Trades' Hall,
1159 Mission street, and, after some dis
cussion on the musicians' trouble at the
People's Palace, it was determined that if
some settlement shall not have been made
by Monday the special committee of the
council will then take hold of the boycott.
Reports from various unions were re
ceived through delegates. The cigar
makers' work was not. so dull as it was
three months ago, though many members
of the union were still out of employment.
The Sailors' Union reported that the ship}
ping' trade was improving and there was
an increase of 400 members in the union
over four months ago.
From Washington reports had been re
ceived that some favorable legislation
would be effected in favor of sailors at this
session of Congress.
The stage employes announced that busi
ness ' was falling off. The y ironmolders
stated that although their work had been
a little slow yet there was an increase in
membership. -; "'/Vz P-p'/y '•: 7
- The Horseshoer**' delegate made the sur
prising statement ' that in the last few
weeks quite a large body of -Eastern horse
sliders had come to California. ' The union
had experienced trouble with one shop,
but expected that the ! difficulty .would -be
settled to-night. ,"• • • • ; j
The committee on laws and legislation
presented the following- preamble- and
resolution on the funding bill, which were
adopted unanimously: ' -^ •-**
Whereas, There is now pending in the pres
ent session of Congress a bill providing for the
extension of the time of payment of the debts
of the Central and Union Pacilic railways for
a term of fifty or more years; and) whereas, the
passage of said bill would practically mean the
financial enslavement of the people of the
Pacific Coast lor two generations to come; and
whereas, commercial usage and the dignity of
our Government demand that every effort , be
made to secure the payment of the debt when
due. Therefore be ii
Resolved, That we, the San Francisco Labor
Council, in * the name and on behalf of •' the
wageworkers of this City, most earnestly peti
tion our representatives in Congress to use
every honorable means in opposition to said
proposed funding bill.
Resolved, That the present crisis affords. a
splendid opportunity to I practically test the
Wisdom ana feasibility of governmental owner
ship and operation of the great transcontinen
tal Lines; and we, therefore, petition our repre
sentatives in Congress to foster and encourage
any plan that will lead to the Government
ownership of these Central and Union Pacific
roads, and operating them in the interests of
the entire people of this nation.
The following partial nominations j for
officers for the ensuing year were made:
M. McGlynn, president; r T.F. Burns, vice
president; E. P. Burman, recording secretary;
J. K. Phillips, financial secretary; ( E. Rosen
berg, treasurer; J. Nugent, T. Finnerty, ser
geants-at-arms; William Rusk, *M. Whitfield,
C. Schupper, trustees; T. F. - Burns, ■ -M. Mc-
Glynn, K. P. Burman, F. H. Schurts, W. Mac
arthur, Thomas Moore, E. - Holmes; executive
committee. -,**"" ■ ' TTAz.TA'-'
The executive committee repotted "it
has considered : a communication from
United States Labor Commissioner
Wright, asking the council to suggest a
topic of special interest to labor organiza
tions for his office to take up with a view
of mating a thorough investigation of the
subject. The reduction of the hours of
labor to eight in all branches of industry
in the United States and its effect upo
labor was suggested by the.; committees
and adopted by the council.
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN, IMPORTING TEA CO.'S
X Teas, Coffees and Spices ,
Best and Cheapest. ' ; Try Them.
■ Pretty presents given away free. •
.62 Market St., S. F. Headquarters. "
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
SECRET OF THE COMBINE.
| James J. Hill of the Great North
ern Said to Be Inter
ested
IN THE DONAHUE ROAD FIGHT.
The Parrotts Join the Magnate, So It
Is Stated, to Build a Com
.7 peting Line.
It was stated yesterday by a gentleman
intimately associated with the manage
| ment of the North Pacific Coast Railway
! that the present plan of consolidation with
th-* San Francisco and North Pacific road
has been inspired by motives so ' far not
dreamed, of by the public. The same mo
tives, however, are full of interest to the
people of San Francisco in particular and
of all California. For the statement was
definite and positive that the whole
project of consolidation was involved in
the building of a competing transconti
nental railway to the bay of San Fran
cisco.
The proposition set forth is said to be
the outcome of a well-defined plan by a
syndicate of capitalists to build a compet-
ing line to San Francisco. The route
chosen has for its terminus either Sausa
lito or Tiburon, although Sausalito is the
favored site, and the narrow-gauge road
from that place the more popular line at
present. But the projectors of this vast
enterprise first of all wished to effect, a
combination of the two railways on the
north side of San Francisco Bay before
goirig further with the work of building
the competing road to its Californian
depot. y/pAPi'
In this direction two plans were left open
j for adoption. One was to secure control of
\ the Donahue-road stock for shareholders
of the narrow-gauge line, and by that
| means obtain absolute mastery of the
situation. This would in effect make the
I two roads as one, and in course of time
: they could he united in the one general
( system, as various branches of the Southern
j Pacific system are now managed and
operated from the one general office. The
other plan was to get from the directors of
the Donahue line, if the former should
fail, a contract whereby the two roads
could be operated permanently on a
friendly, mutual understanding that
would effectually abolish competition.
The prime mover behind the scenes is
j authoritatively stated to be Jim Hill,
: president of the Great Northern Railway.
' It is said of him that, he has been secretly
buying, or getting possession of rights of
way through counties lying along th;
north coast of California, his object being
to secure a clear way for a railroad before
making public announcement of his
project of connecting his Great Northern
system with San Francisco.
The Parroti estate is also said to be asso
ciated with Hill in this enterprise. It is
known that the Parrotts are largely inter
ested in the North Pacific Coast Railway,
and for that reason have a strong desire to
see the road on a better paying foundation
than it rests upon at present. They would
like to see the combination with the Dona
hue line an accomplished fact, and more
especially I feel pleased over the absorption
of the road in the Great Northern Trans
continental Railway to San Francisco Bay.
Christian de Guigne, • who is associated
with financial transactions of the Parrott
estate, holds or. controls a large .block of
stock in the narrow-gauge railway, and
this stock, it is said, really belongs to the
Parrott estate.
From, the, same source it was learned
that the Parrotts own a large tract in Men
docino and Sonoma counties, and one of
the most significant facts in connection
with the railroad deal now going on is that
aright of • way for a railway has been sur
veyed-"and ; secured through ' the Parrott
lands— it is said for Mr. Hill, the railroad
magnate of the Northwest. , /.
. From . time .to time of | late* announce
ments have been made that corps of sur
veyors were in different parts of Northern
California running preliminary lines for a
railroad from' the Beckwith Pass over
toward Eureka, in Humboldt County, and
thence southward to the northern termini
of the North Pacific Coast and the San
Francisco and North Pacific lines. Taken
in connection with this information the
right of way transaction .through the Par
rott lands and this , secret activity for a
combination the statement that Hill, the
Parrottb and other capitalists were inter
ested in the deal seems reasonable enough.
: With control of the rich and promising
country traversed by these lines and the un
opened territory northward and westward
Hill would have good prospects for suc
cessful operation of an overland line from
the beginning. The combination would
give him control of a vast territory in Cali
fornia that with a - competing railroad
would leap into renewed prosperity and
develop various important feeders for the
trunk line. '
TWO BOY BURGLARS.
The Mansfield House Entered and Jew
elry to the Value of 8100
Stolon.
; James " Galw and Jim : Kellock, two
youths 18 and 20 years old respectively,
were booked at the Central station last
night on a- charge of burglary, preferred
b/ the proprietor of the Mansfield House.
Galwich, up to two weeks ago, was ele
vator-boy at the Mansfield House, but : was
discharged for some trivial 7 neglect of
duty. On January 21 the room of William
George, . a racetrack follower, was entered
and jewelry to the value of $100 * stolen.
Detective Seymour ami Officers Phillips
and Whittaker were detailed on the case,
and yesterday succeeded in locating Gal
wich "at 9 Harlan place.
On his -person were found the sleeve
buttons and pin and a pawn-ticket show
ing that he had disposed of the -diamond
studs for $5. Kellock rooms with Galwich,
and admitted that he had pawned the dia
monds,; The latter has already served la'
- . ■ - -■■■- .
term of sir months for petty larceny.
When Galwich left the Mansfield House
he carried with him a bunch of Keys, and,
it is presumed, used them in effecting an
entrance into the house. . ,
ATTEMPTED ARSON.
The Besidence of Mrs. Raphael Comes
■ ■•■■'■--■ I: ■- -.-.. -i .... .-. _ r
Very Near Going Up in
Flames.
Mrs. George Raphael/ 1434 Post street,
reported to the police last night that some
one had attempted to set fire to her resi
dence during the early part of last Wednes
day morning. --tv ' i ; '-V ''-* " "•
About 10 o'clock at night Mrs. Raphael,
who had retired early, was aroused by the
odor of smoke, which seemed to fill the
entire house. Calling the servant she
made a hasty examination of tbe building,
and in the basement she found a sack of
straw and other inflammable material
smouldering, which, as soon as the air was
admitted, burst into flames. From the
street an entrance into the basement is
effected by way of a very narrow alley.
The attempted arson was not reported
to the police and would probably have
been soon forgotten, but for the peculiar
action of a stranger last night. The ser
vant had occasion to go to the corner
grocery and on her return noticed a well
dressed 3 oung fellow following her. She
quicnened her steps and in a few moments
gained the inside of the house, leaving the
man standing on the pavement below.
Half an hour later she was called on to
post a letter, but before going out made
sure that the way was clear. Hardly had
she dropped the letter in the box, how
ever, before the stranger again appeared.
The woman ran rapidly back to the house
closely followed by the man, but she man
aged to reach the door and close it before
the fellow could get any nearer than the
first landing. Mrs. Raphael immediately
notified the police, and a special officer
was detailed to watch the house last night.
PUBLIC SCHOOL NEEDS
Suggestions to Teachers and
Parents by the State
Superintendent.
He Argues for Professional Training
and a Less Difficult High
School Course.
The second of the course of popular
lectures recently instituted by the ' Board
of Education was delivered by State Sup
erintendent Samuel T. Black at the Girls-
High School last evening. Previous to
the address of the evening the eighth and
ninth grades of the Hamilton Grammar
School, under the direction of Miss Ella
Morton and Miss Strauss, sang the "Star
spangled Banner" and "The Farmer Boy"
and H. C. Henderson of the Board of Edu
cation made a brief address to the parents
on the importance of scientific education.
Superintendent Black prefaced his re
marks by congratulating the people of San
Francisco for the measures taken by the
Board of Education in furnishing the
teachers, parents and pupils with this
series of entertainments.
"If there is one mission,'' he said,
"which the State Superintendent has
which is higher than another, it is to go
out among, the people and the teachers
and bring these two classes nearer together ;
to make each see the educational question
from the other's standpoint.
"In the face of the small salaries paid it
is not surprising that many bright young
men use teaching only as a stepping stone
to some other calling. In spite of this,
prominent educators have declared the
rural schools of California the best of the
kind in the country. The teaching force
of this Stale is in a constant state of
chance. - /y? ! 4A7- '/A.Ai
"This is a. condition which those who
are working along educational lines must \
| face. We do not wonder at the clamor for j
something more than academic training
for those who are to teach our children in
the future. Should the State require a I
professional trainer before a teacher takes j
his place in the classroom the harm would j
not be so great when the novice attempts
to fill. the place caused by resignation or
retirement. If the 'normal schools of the
State would require a hUh school prepara
tion the elementary schools would be all
the better for it. If those teachers who
have been denied a professional training
would take up a course of professional
reading they would find it immensely ben
eficial. Every teacher in our schools
ought to be thoroughly conversant with
current school literature. ,'■ "77
--'•I firmly believe in closely graded
schools,' but I do object to the assigning of
a teacher to the same class each year. It j
narrows her ideas and limits her horizon. '
By assigning at least two grades to a !
teacher, that is, giving two teachers each j
half of two different grades, the results
would be very beneficial to the teacher and !
to the pupils. The study required at the I
hands of high-school students, if they
knew how to study, is generally enough,
but when we add to this the worry usually
indulged in by high-school students it be
comes a load grievous to be borne. There
are two remedies: To increase the course
to four years or to reduce the curriculum
to the minimum required by the university.
"Learning without the power to do
leaves us impotent and may even render
us ridiculous. Work is the index to a
man's character. The true educator aims
to make men good and reasonable rather
than smart. If our schools teach the prin
ciples of morality, truth and patriotism
they are not godless schools."
On the motion of Richard D. Faulkner,
principal of the Franklin Grammar School,
a vote of thanks was tendered to the State
Superintendent for his address, and he
was asked to leave a copy with the princi
pals for "discussion. The entertainment
closed witn the rendition of "America"
by the children.
• — —
A MISSION BURGLARY.
W. A. Shade's Residence Is ' .Entered
by Three Daring Bob
bers.
Thomas Cochran, an ex-convict; Albert
Masters and Charles Drysdale were ar
rested by Detectives Gibson and Clark last
night and booked at the Central station on
a charge of burglary.
Thursday morning the residence of W.
A. Shade, 1251 Mission street, was entered,
jewelry and clothing to the value of $150
being stolen. Ah' entrance was effected by
forcing the back window.
Detective Gibson was placed in charge of
the case, and with the assistance of Clark,
was not very long in finding the trail of
the thieves. He arrested them last night
in a Kearny- street saloon. The jewelry
and clothing were found in possession of
the men. Had the officers been a day
later, the thieves would probably have es
caped entirely, aa they intended to leave
this morning for Cripple Creek.
An Indiana syndicate has purchased
100,000 acres of land in Georgia, for pur
poses of colonization.
NEW TO-DAY.
Take Comfort.
Wear Goodyear Welt Shoes;
better than hand-sewed, and
cost less. "Foot Comfort,"
our booklet, will tell you all
about them: Write for —
free.
COODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO.i BOSTON
POPULISTS TO MOVE SOON
The Party Leaders Expect to Go
Into Action in About Two
. Weeks.
WAITING FOR MR. WARDALL.
A. B. Kinne Talks of New Plans and
a Reform Campaign for the
Local Party. ■■.*/
The local Populists have not yet made
their first campaign peep, but there will
be an awakening as soon as E. M. War
dall, chairman of the State Central Com
mittee, returns from the East.
He is now in St. Louis, whither he went
to attend the meeting of the National Cen
tral Committee, and will return in about
two weeks. He is conferring with silver
men, and during his stay will attend the
National Farmers' Alliance conference.
When he returns he will be primed with
information and ready to guide the party
in this State to its position in the line.
A. B. Kinne, the San Francisco member
of the executive committee of the State
Central Committee and chairman of the
County Committee during the last cam
paign, said yesterday that a meeting of the
executive committee would undoubtedly
be held as soon as Mr. Wardall returns.
Campaign measures will at once follow.
The local party is as dormant as the
State organization, but it, too, will spring
into life when Mr. Wardall returns ana
sets things going. Mr. Kinne is one of the
most active and influential members of the
local party, but his ideas of its prospects
are yet a trifle vague. In a conversation
yesterday he intimated that the Populists
were not discouraged; that the last cam
paign had taught some lessons, and that
there would likely be an effort to narrow
the theoretical features of the local plat
form this year and to get into the party
the dissatisfied elements of other parties
that generally go into a non-partisan
movement.
"We are very hopeful for National unity
with other elements, especially the silver
movement and possibly the Prohibition
ists," said Mr. Kinne. "As to the local
party, no definite plans are formed, but
some of us • favor concentrating our
form, without, however, abandoning
any cardinal principles, ana making a
campaign for municipal reform, in which
we would be joined by the reform ele
ments which might go with a non-parti
san movement. Our platform will, of
course, demand municipal ownership of
public utilities, and a special issue may be
made of the municipal ownership of the
water supply. I think that three out of
every four people in the City are in favor
of that. ■ ry,
"How may the platform be condensed?
Well, rather by concise expression than by
leaving out anything important. Now our
last platform contained the 'thirteen de
mands of labor' in their entirety.while they
were practically covered elsewhere in the
platform. They would probably bo left
out. We made a special appeal to the
laboring class in the last campaign. We
made a thorough test of the advisability
of embodying in our platform the de
mands of labor, and of putting on the
ticket distinctively labor men. We found
that the labor candidates were not sup
ported any better than the other candi
dates. They didn't get the entire labor
vote for some reason. In my opinion it is
best to aahere to principle and not reach
out for any class, or make any class fights.
"The charter will be an' important issue
in the campaign, and its success will make
it more necessary than ever for the better
elements to' unite. The majority of the
Populists will support the new charter,
but there are a good many 'middle-of-the
road' Populists who want all they demand
or nothing and who object to some of its
features. But the plans and prospects of
the local Populist campaign will not ap
pear for three or four weeks yet at least."
Mustachios Must Go.
There is a panic in Kiel and Wilhelms
shafen—the centers of the German navy—
because a decree has gone forth requiring
all officers and men to go about clean
shaven or else to wear full beards. This
i means that the mustache must go, and the
mustache is an important feature in the
facial adornment of the Germans whether
in the imperial service or out of it. It is
even extremly difficult to get even a coach
man, a butler or any man servant that
is clean shaven or will allow himself to
{ become so, or indeed one who is willing
ito wear a full beard. The fashion of
the day in the German empire requires
I that the mustache be fierce and long.
It is said that the Kaiser is behind this
new order, and that he thinks the navy
, would appear smarter.if there was more
uniformity in the looks of the officers
NEW TO-DAY.
' ■ - -1.1 ta.M^^a, , ,^^
When
Paderewski
Gomes
HE WILL PLAY THE
STEINWAY
PIANO
USUI, CLiY J CO.,
'Cor. Kearny and Sutter Sts.,
Pacific Coast Representatives.
AT AUCTION !
Closing-Out
SALE
Of DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEW.
ELRV, CLOCKS and SILVER.
WARE to the highest bidder.
NO Reserve.
BARRETT & SHERWOOD, *
9 and 1 1 Geary Street.
SALE COMMENCES TO-DAY, and con.
tiuues dally at 11 o'clock and
7:30 evening.
S-7<_»_=l._3 TO 3=_E_>_-ri?.