VOLUME LXXIX.-XO. 167.
TELLER TO LEAD
THE DELEGATION,
Colorado Republicans Meet
in Convention at
Pueblo.
FIGHT OF THE FACTIONS
Wolcott Withdraws From the
Contest lor a Seat at
St. Louis.
WRANGLE OVER THE POLICY.
Resolutions Strongly Favor the Free
Coinage of Silver and Protec
tion to Industries.
PUEBLO, Colo., May 14.— The Republi
can State Convention was called to order
this afternoon by Chairman Howbert. Dr.
John Grass of Trinidad was seiected
temporary chairman, and after a creden
tials committee was appointed a recess
was taken. The defeated minority of the
Arapahoe County Convention appeared be
fore this committee to appeal for repre
sentation in certain districts. Arguments
were made on both sides. It was openly
stated that should the convention decide
to unseat any of the delegates by favoring
the minority appeal the entire Arapahoe
delegation will withdraw from the conven
tion.
A telegram from Senator Wolcott was
read announcing his desire to withdraw
from the contest for a seat in the National
Convention at St. Louis as delegate from
Colorado in the interest of harmony and
ttie cause of bimetalism. The friends of
Wolcott are now confining their efforts to
preventing a vote of censure. It is not be
lieved that this will be done; neither will
the delegates be instructed to bolt.
The report of the Committee on Creden
tials was submitted at 9:30 o'clock. It de
cided against the appeal of the McMurray
faction of Denver for representation. No
further fight was waged and the conven
tion was ready for work.
The delegates were not inclined to allow
business to proceed until resolutions de
fining the policy of the Colorado Republi
cans were adopted and a long wrangle en
sued.
Speeches in plenty were heard and they
kept the delegates in a measure pacified
until nearly midnight when the committee
on resolutions reported. There was a hot
tight in committee on account of the ex
pected clash between the Wolcott and
Teller factions.
It was finally decided to let Benator
Henry M. Telier head the Colorado dele
gation. This was reported to the conven
tion and his nomination was made unan
imous.
Instructions to cast the Colorado vote
according to hi 3 views were also passed.
The resolutions were strongly in favor
of free coinage of silver at 16 to 1 and pro
tection to American industries. Free
trade and the gold standard were roundly
scored .
At 1:45 a. m. the convention adjourned
sine die, after electing Senator Teller, J. \V.
Rockafellow, James Downing and Frank
Goudy delegates at large to the St. Louis
convention.
The convention of Republican delegates
in the Second Congressional District
to-day selected Charles Brickenstein of
Conejos and C. J. Hart of Pueblo as dele
gates to the St. Louis convention upon a
platform which instructed them to abide
by Senßtor Teller's judgment in ail mat
ters. A resolution instructing the dele
gates not to bolt failed to pass.
Mate Chairman Irving Howbert has re
signed. Who his successor will be is as
yet problematical.
NO RUSIAN WITHOUT SILVER.
All the Xorth Carolina Populiits Will
\ot Join the Jiepublicana.
RALEIGH, N. C, May 14.— The Repub
lican State Convention did not meet until
nearly 1 o'clock this afternoon. A com
mittee on credentials was appointed and
the convention adjourned in thirty min
utes. It did not reassemble until 8
o'clock this evening, so numerous were
the contested seats. It is believed that the
convention will not adjourn until late to
morrow night.
It is asserted that Senator Pritchard
will head the delegates-at-large to the
National Convention. The greatest inter
est is manifested in the nomination of a
candidate for Governor. Five names — Oli
ver H. Dockery, Daniel L. Russell, James
E. Boyd, James W. Moody and V. S.
Lusk — will be placed before the conven
tion. Lusk is to be permanent chairman
of the convention.
The offices of Lieutenant-Governor,
Treasurer and Secretary of State are to be
left open to be filled by the Populists when
they hold their State convention, or if this
convention decline? to fill them, the Dolt
ing Populists, who are now affiliating with
Republ ; cans, will do so. There was a
meeting of these bolters with the Repub
lican conference committee to-day and
they relinquished their demand that they
should be allowed to name the candidate
for Governor. Spier WhitaKer was chair
man of their committee and he withdrew
as ooon as this backdown occurred. He
says the Populists in the eastern part of
the State, save those in Vance County,
follow him fully end indorse his course.
It is quite clear that the mass of the Pop
ulists are backing Senator Buckler in the
declaration that there shall be no fusion
or Go-operation with the Republicans un
less the latter pledge themselves to vote
for only free silver men.
There was no regular session of the con
vention to-night. Two hours were devoted
to Bpeech-making, and any mention of Mc-
Kinley was loudly applauded.
WEST FIEGINET REPUBLICANS.
They Hectare for a Hound Money Policy
and McKinley.
CLARKSBURG, W. Va., May 14.— The
following delegates to Bt. Louis were to
day elected by the Republican State Con
The San Francisco Call.
vention: Hon. O. W. Hard man of Tyler,
Hon. F. M. Reynolds of Mineral County,
Major J. E. Dana of Charleston and Hon.
A. B. White of Parkersburg. They were
instructed for McKinley.
The convention was one of the largest
and most harmonious ever held in the
State. Thomas &. Davis was named as
temporary chairman. The usual commit
tees were appointed, and at 12 o'ciccK the
convention adjourned until 2 o'clock.
When the convention reconvened the
committee on permanent organization
reported State Senator Morrey of Riche
County, chairman, and Phillip H. Waters
(colored) of Kanawha. secretary.
The report of the committee on resolu
tions was read. It denounces the unneces
sary issue of Government bonds in time
of peace; demands a sound money policy
which shall maintain an equality of the
purchasing power of every dollar of Ameri
can money ; indorses protection to Ameri
can industries as taught and maintained
for thirty years by the Republican party
and instructs for McKinley us follows:
■'We declare that our choice for Presi
dent of the United States is that pure
patriot, that gallant soldier, the foremost
champion of protection, that thorough
bred American, our friend and neighbor,
William McKinley of the United States of
America. And the delegates chosen by
this convention are hereby directed to vote
fur Major McKinley in the Republican
National Convention and to use all other
honorable efforts to secure his nomina
tion."
DELEGATE MAGEE TALKS.
Defenda the Sound Money Policy of Major
McKinl'-y.
PITTSBURG. Pa., May 15.-C. L. Ma
gee, who is a delegate to the Republican
National Convention from the Pittsourg
district, returned to-day from New York,
where he has been several days looking
over the political situation. Asked about
the talk being indulged in at the metropo
lis concerning McKinley's attitude ou the
currency question, Mr. Magee said:
"The anxiety displayed by Messrs. Quay
and Platt as to Major McKinley'g position
on the money question is rather amusing,
considering that whatever record Major
McKinley has made on that question was
made in Congress prev'jus to 1892; yet in
that same year— lß92— McKinley's money
record was so good that Mr. Quay cast his
vote for him for President in the Repub
lican National Convention.
"McKinley's record on the money ques
tion is as sound as Sherman's, and nobody
questions Sherman's. Another point.
Benjamin Harrison has ati ideal sound
money record. Yet this did not prevent
Mr. Quay. Mr. Platt and the other con
spirators of their school from attempting
to defeat the nomination of Harrison in
1892, just as they are now seeking to de
feat the nomination of McKiniey.
"Their efforts were not effective then
and will not be this year. There is not the
slightest danger that McKinley as Presi
dent will be different from McKinley as
Congressman or McKinley as Governor of
Ohio, in both of which positions he has
been the soundest kind of a sound money
man. To question McKinley's soundness
on money is as absurd as to question his
soundness on the tariff."
PROHIBITION ISTS FAVOR SILVER.
Planki in the Platform of the WUconsin
Convention.
EAU CLAIRE, Wis., May 14.— The
Prohibitionist State Convention, after
a long fight over the silver plank, adopted
8 platform with four planks as follows:
Straight prohibition, declaring suffrace
should depend on intelligence rather than
sex, against appropriations of public
money for sectarian purposes and de
manding that silver be restored to its posi
tion prior to 1873.
The following State ticket was nom
inated by acclamation: Governor, Major
J. H. Berkey of Monroe; Lieutenant-Gov
ernor. Rev. R. Leaton of Kacine; Secre
tary of State, E. U. Knowlton of Manston;
Treasurer, Lorenzo Crandall of Hudson;
Attorney-General, A. E. Didon of Asb
land; Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion, Professor W. L. Morrison of Neills
ville; Insurance Commissioner. B. E.
Broadwell of Sparta; Railroad Commis
sioner, Dr. A. Christianson of Washburne.
The vote on the silver plank was a tie
and Chairman Seventhal carried it by vot
int in the affirmative.
The Congressional District Convention
nominated as follows: First District,
E. W. White of Evansville; Second, Jesse
Meyers of Verona, Dane County; Seventh,
John Mosley of Tomah; Eighth, John
Evans of Waupaca; Tenth, P. A. Oscar of
Washburne.
SEATS FOR CORRESPONDENTS
Distribution of Space for the SU Louit
Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 14.-The press
committee of the Business Men's League
held a conference to-day with Sergeant-at-
Arms T. E. Byrnes with reference to the
distribution of press tickets for the Re
publican National Convention. It was ar
ranged that the committee should take
charge of all applications for seats includ
ing those already received by the sergeant
at-arras. All applications will be tubu
lated and the most equitable distribution
possible of the 418 seats will be made by
the committee and by them submitted to
Mr. Byrnes for his approval. All papers
not having applied to either the sergeant
at-arms or Chairman D. M. Houser of the
press committee must make application
immediately to the latter. In order to
facilitate the location of the seats and the
distribution of tickets it was decided to
receive no application for scuts after
June 1.
CATSPAW FOR NO PARTY.
Preaident Traynor Atatea the Stand of the
A. P. A.
W ASHINGTO.N D. C.,|May 14.-It is as
serted to-night that since the convention
here of the A. P. A. the Ohio delegates tel
egraphed to Mr. Ha nna a dispatch, the na
ture of which was to prevent Mr. Grosve
nor from making any further utterances
detrimental to Judge Stevens, and that the
reply to the telegram was of a character
thoroughly satisfactory to the friends of
McKinley in the association.
The address of President Traynor, which
was made public to-night, says that the
A. P. A. has passed the probationary
milestone of its existence, and to-day is a
recognized factor in American politics,
whose favor is openly courted by political
leaders, organizers and aspirants for pub
lic office who a year ago ignored, treated
with contempt and denounced it.
The address does not savor of much re
gard for eleventh hour converts and much
stress is jnven to similar points question
ing tue honesty of parties iv efforts to con .
trol the A. P. A. vote and organization,
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORXING, MAY 15, 1596.
Uncle Sam: "Just wait till I hitch this horse on there."
together with warnings th&t the order
should in no event be made the catspaw
of any party.
The address says:
"Any aspirant for Presidential
in any section by any party who desires
the united suffrages of our order must
freely indorse its principles and over his
own signature promise to maintain and up
hold them to the best of his ability."
FOR GOLD AND SUFFRAGE.
Two Planka in tho Delaware Prohibi
tionlatt' Platform.
DOVER. Dela., May 14.— Delaware Pro
hibitionists held their State Convention
here to-day and named delegates to the
National Convention of the party at Pitts
burg, on May 27. They adopted a plat
form in which they say, "We advocate the
entire elimination of the tariff question
from partisan politics and its reference to
a non-partisan commission. With all the
progressive nations, we believe that gold
should be the standard of value for our
monetary system, but we also believe that
silver and National notes should be used
as mediums of exchange and recognized as
equal to the value of gold in payment of
all obligations, National as well as private
debts included."
The platform also makes the usual dec
laration of prohibition principles and t>e
lieves in equal right of suffrage.
(Iroarenor la Confident.
WASHINGTON, May 14.-Representa
tive Grosvenor, McKinley's campaign
manager in Washington, says that Mc-
Kinley will be nominated on the first bal
lot by a majority of at least 200, despite
all that Platt of New York can do. Platt
is actuated by spite, says Grosvenor, and
by holding the New York delegation to its
pledge for Morton is practically disfran
chising the delegates, as Morton has no
chance of nomination.
Scene of the Sixty-Mile Course Along Which the Oregon Established a World's Record for Battle-Shi r s.
GOMEZ CONCENTRATING
THE REBEL TROOPS,
With Twenty Thousand Men the
Leader Will March On
Havana.
HOT FIGHTING IS EXPECTED.
Correspondents Gather Evidence to
Show That Spaniards Violate
Rules of Warfare.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 14.— 1t is said
that Maximo Gomez, commander-in-chief
of the insurgent?, has ordered a concen
tration of the rebel forces. On Saturday
last ne encamped with Jose Maceo, Rabi,
Carillo Serafino Sanchez and other leaders
on the Campania ranch, near San Juan de
la Yueras. The combined forces are said
to have then numbered about 10,000 men.
It is believed that they have started to
march into the province of Havana, and
that they have been joined by other
forces on the way, the whole body now
numbering over 20,000 men. It is ex
pected that they will reach the vicinity of
Havana about the end of the month, when
hot fighting is likely to take place.
It is announced on authority that the
two Americans captured in Pinardel Rio
as alleged fugitives from the filibuster
? Competitor will not be tried by court
j martiaL General Weyler ordered an in-
I vestigation into their case prior to receiv
ing any representations from Consul-Gen
eral Williams.
Captain-General Weyler has issued in
struction? in reference to his recent edict*
calling upon all peasants to seek refuge in
the towns. General Weyler is reported as
saying that the concentration of peasants
in the towns is not obligatory, but merely
for the benofit of the inhabitants them
selves. He also says that he is willing to
employ in the army all who shall surren
der voluntarily. He will be an energetic
cnomy, he says, but generous to those who
have rt'pcntwi.
PROHIBITED BY TREATY.
But Spaniard! Uae Braaa and Copper
Tipped ßßullet.t t.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 14— It is said
that J. C. Creelman and Frederick W.
Lawrence, who have been representing
New York newspapers in Cuba, have in
their possession brass and copper tipped
bullets which, it is alleged, the Spaniards
have been using in Cuba against the
Cubans. The use of such missiles is said
to be prohibited by the Geneva treaty,
and Creelman, it is declared, will take
these samples to Washington, where they
will be laid before the United States Gov
ernment.
CORRESPONDENTS RETURN.
Arrival of Creelman, Lawrence and
Kiddle, Who Were Expelled.
QUARANTINE, Staten Island, May
14. — The Ward iine steamer Seguranca,
Captain Hoffman, arrived this morning
from Mexico and Havana, bringing riftv
three cabin passengers. Eighteen passen
gers were unable to produce certificates of
acclimatization.
Among them were Messrs. Creelman,
Lawrence and Biddle, Cuban war corre
spondents for New York City papers, who
were ordered to leave Havana by General
Weyler. The correspondents were most
anxious to proceed with the steamer to the
city, but the Health Officer was unable to
allow them to go. They were sent to the
Hotel Hoffman in the lower bay. They
will be released at 4 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon.
MUST MAKE AN EXAMPLE.
Otherwiae Weyler Would Pardon the
Competitor Filibusters.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 14.-A special
cable to the Herald from Havana says:
The Marquis de Palmerol, Secretary-Gen
eral of the Government of the island, gave
this authorized statement in the palace
yesterday:
"Captain-General Weyler has no preju
dice whatever against American citizens
as such, and if it wtre not absolutely neces
sary to put a stop to filibustering expedi
tions he would take real pleasure iv par
doning the condemned prisoners from the
Competitor, foreigners as well as Span
iards; but aa it is necessary to make an
example of them he must perform his
duty."
To Denounce the Treatui'a.
LONDON, Exc, May 14.— A dispatch to
the Central News from Madrid says that
the question of denouncing the treaties be
tween Spain and the United States will
shortly be introduced in the Cortes.
AFRAID OF ASSASSINATION.
So the Sultan Caves the Arreat and
Torture of Armenians.
BERLIN, Germany, May 14.— The Vos
sische Zeitung publishes a dispatch from
Constantinople which says that owing to
the Sultan's fear that he will be assas
sinated as was the Shah of Persia, 200
Armenians have been arrested in the city
during the last few days. It is creditably
stated that the prisoners have been cruelly
tortured.
The Convicted Heformera.
LONDON, Esq., May 14.— 1t is reported
from Pretoria, on good authority, that the
Johannesburg reform committee prison
ers, who are now held in custody in Pre
toria pending the decision of the authori
ties as to punishment, will, with the ex
ception of the leaders, be fined and re
leased next week. Tne leaders, it is said,
will be sentenced to five years' imprison
ment.
OVERPOWER THE CASHIER,
Silent Robbers Make a Big
Haul at an Illinois Town
Bank.
Not a Word Spoken by the Two Men
Who Secure Eleven Thousand
Dollars.
DECATUR, 111., May 14.— The Buffalo
Bank at Buffalo, twenty miles w-?st of
here, was robbed of $11,000 in cash at
noon to-day by two strangers, of whom
the cashier has been able to furnish only
an imperfect clew. At that hour Cashier
Huffbarger was alone in the bank and
there was no one in the immediate vicinity
on the streets. The two men entered
briskly as if on business, and one stepped
up to the cashier's window while the other
walked toward the end of the counter.
The cashier arose to wait on the sup
posed customer and partially leaned over
the counter. He was seized by the throat
without a word and in an instant the other
robber had got behind the counter and
grabbed him from behind.
The cashier was then bound hand and
foot and a gag thrust in his mouth. The
money on the counter was shoved into a
gripsack and the vault was entered and
ail the currency taken from it.
The cashier had been rolled under the
counter and was discovered there half an
hour later by a customer of the bank. No
one had seen the thieves enter or leave
the bank and it is not known positively
how they got out of the town, but the sup
position is that they drove to Decatur.
There was not a word spoken during the
entire transaction. The bank is a private
institution.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FAST TRIAL TRIP
OF THE OREGON,
Makes an Average of 16 .78
Knots, the World's
Record.
QUEEN OF BATTLESHIPS.
Wonderful Time Recorded Dur
ing Some Portions of the
Sixty-Mile Course.
17.08 IS THE HIGHEST NOTCH.
Builders of the Great War Vessel
Are Assured a Magnificent
Bonus.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., May 14 —
After months of patient toil, after weeks
spent in preparations, after trial trips on
the bay and speed trips in the Santa Bar
bara Channel the Oregon repaid her build
ers by doing all they asked of her. She
made an average speed of 16.78 knots, the
world's record, and the people of Santa
Barbara are climbing over each other in
their efforts to congratulate Irving M.
Scott.
The weather was perfect The swell
raised by Monday's storm was laid by last
night's norther and there was scarcely a
ripple on the channel. At 6:15 a. m. the
bie battle-ship got under way and headed
for Point Goleta. The Unaditfa was already
in position and the manner in which she
acted showed that the swell was nol
heavy. Captain C. Miner Goodall was sat
isfied with the condition of affairs and
so informed Mr. Scott. The or
ders were theu given and the
battle-ship swung around and headed
for a point off Carpinteria, where a small
stakeboat had been anchored in line with
the starting point. Once headed lor the
Unadilla the engines were gradually
opened up and passing the Santa Barbaifc
wharf the Oregon was going like a deer
hound and taking tons of water o/er her
bow at every jump. More and more way
she gathered and passing the scratch line,
she was beating Vo\& knots. Between the
U nadilla and the Gedney there was a ten
mile course and in covering that the big
battle-ship increased instead of diminished
her speed. At times tue patent log
showed a spe-xl better than 17 knots and
the firemen to whom the news was com
municated were spurred on to fresh ex
ertions.
Passing the Gedney, half a dozen people
took the time, and on sped the Oregon
toward the Albatross, the next stakeboat.
Irving M. Scott was restless and paced the
deck. Admiral Beardslee was anxious
and seemed to take as much interest in
the test as the builder. He is proud of the
Oregon %nd wants to see her at the top of
her class. General Graham, Dr. Chismore
and Messrs. Small and Tucker were inter
ested spectators, and when they heard that
the battle-ship was logging seventeen
knots they were exultant, but Scott
checked them by saying, "That is only
the first leg. Wait, the pinch comes later
on." It was thus he referred to the fact
that during a sixty-mile run it is an utter
impossibility to keep a uniform pressure
on the boilers when the engines are "wide
open." He knew and the navy officers
knew and Captain C. Miner Goodall
knew that at times the speed of the Oregon
would drop below sixteen knots, but
nevertheless all hoped for the best.
Cantain Goodall seemed to be the only
disinterested party on the ship. He at
tended strictly to his duties and barring
an occasional look at the "telltale" that
gave him an idea he attended strictly
to watching the course. He steered the
battle-ship closer to the kelp than ever he
steered any of the cruisers and so escaped
some of the remaining swell. On sped the
Oregon and only ten miles of the first part
of the course remained to be covered. Ihe
speed to a landsman did not seem to have
diminished in the slightest, but the en
signs who were keeping time became a
little serious and there was a general air of
expectancy. Down in the fireroom the
firemen worked like beavers. They were
stripped to the waist and water poured
down their backs and chests, making small
rivulets along the grime that settled on
them from the coaldust.
With one big burst of speed the Oregon
passed the McArthur on the western range
near Point Concepcion. While the long
turn was being made at full speed the run
was worked out, and when 17.08 knots an
hour was announced the scene on the deck
of the battle-ship was almost indescribable.
Admiral Beardslee, Captain Cotton and
all the other officers and the guests con
gratulated Mr. Scott. When Chief En
gineer Forsythe conveyed the news into
the fireroom the men did not even turn
their heads, but they took an extra rmll
on their belts and went on shoveling coal
From Gaviota Point to Point Conception
the swell had been heavy, but when the
Oregon was headed for the McArthar the
second time it was at once seen that both
wind and swell had increased. The battle
ship rushed through it, however, and in
consequence sea after Bea broke over her
bows. The turrets in which the big guns
are placed were under water twice, but the
good ship never swerved from her course
an inch, and although the throttles were
wide open the firemen nevertheless man
aged to keep steam from escaping from
the safety-valves. It was a hard baltle to
Gaviota Point, and had it not been for
that ten-mile stretch, the Oregon would
surely have beaten seventeen knots. From
that point to where the Unadilla was sta
tioned the work was easy, but when the
result was figured out it was found that
the b:ittle-shii> had only averaged 16.49
knots.
W T hen the final result of an average of
16.78 knots was announced, however, and
the trial was over, the ihemen lost their
self-control and a cheer went up that was
plainly heard on the upper deck above the
rush of the ship and the roar of the ma
chinery. Almost before Irving M. Scott
and Admiral Beardslee were aware of the2
fact thrte brooms (whiskbrooms were the
only ones that could be found) were fast
ened in a triangle at the truck of the hunt
ing mast, while on the bow was tastened a
live rooster, and on each of the turrets 'vas
painted '17.08" in big black letters. The
following is an official account of the trip
furnished by one of the officers. Tne time
given is chronometer, and four hours
slower than local:
"Clear weattier, moderate swell and light
westerly breeze. Passed Montecito range
3:43:10: Santa Baruara light, 3:57:15;
Geiiney, 4:14:53; Pelican Point, 4:18:44;
Point Conception, 6:04:01; average speed,
17. 0S per hour.
••Returning, Point Concepcion, (5:19:35;
Pelican Point, 8:08:39; Gedney, 8:12:40;
average speed, 10.485 p r hour; avenge of
both runs, 16.787 knots per hour; maxi
mum run for six miles, 17.34 knots an
hour.
"We met with a heavy swell off Point
Concepcion; wind al?o increased and
hauled to northwest; shipped several seas;
engines and boilers performed very satis
factorily. Boilers made all ateam engines
could iih-e. We made the turn at Point
Concej>cion and ran the return course
without slowing."
The time made by the Oregon is a record
at which tbe builders of the world can
shoot. On her trial the Indiana made
15.01 knots, which was not a great deal
over the Government requirements. The
Massachusetts made 16.15 knots and
earned a good premium for her builders.
Now coni«s the Oregon, however, with her
l'i'j knots and over and earns a premium
of $175,000 for her builde.^. Out of this
hum each fireman gets $o for each quarter
of a knot over the speed, and the engineers
in proportion. As there was 160 men in
the engineers' department the amount
paid to them as a bonus will not be inoos
6iderable.
Au idea as to what the men in the en
gine-room had to stand can be gathered
from the fact that the heat from the fur
naces melted tue pilch in the decks and
water bad to be constantly poured on
them to keep things cool. She carried 160
pounds of steam throughout and the
revolutions were lrom 128 to 130 a minute,
or less than the Government allowance.
After the trial Admiral Beardslee de
termined to test ti.e steering apparatus of
the ship. It was then that the only seri
ous incident of t: c flay occurred, and it
came very near to being a disaster. The
bie battle-ship and the Pacitic Mail Com
pany's steamer City of Sydney were
within a hundred yards of each other and
had not the mail ship promptly
answered her helm there would have
been a collision. It happened this way:
The City of Sydney was on her way
to San Francisco from Panama and on en
tering Santa Barbara Channel her captain
saw the Oregon in the distance with all
her flags flying and the brooms at her
masthead. He at once dressed ship and
steered a course that would take him near
the battleship. To understand what fol
lows it must be remembered that the Ore
gon has two sets of steering gears. One is
worked by steam and is on the upperdeck.
Should all the upper works be shot away,
however, during a fight then the hand
gear which is in the hull of the vessel
could be used and the Oregon could still
fight on. It was the latter gear that was
being used and the orders to the helmsman
had to be carried by word of mouth. Be
fore the order could reach the steering
room the battle-ship was almost on the
mail steamer and it was only by sending
her full speed astern and the prompt ac
tion of tbe captain of the City of Sydney
in sheoringoffthatan accident was averted.
Everything on the Oregon was given a
thorough test and then she was headed for
Santa Barbara. She lay here half an hour
and then sailed for San Francisco. On
the run up she will be tested in all kinds
of ways, such as stopping and going
k9tern when at full speed, seeing how
quickly she will answer her helm and
other things.
Captain W. H. Patterson, the well
known Columbia River pilot, was one of
the guests on the Oregon. It was he who
took the Baltimore, Charleston and Mon
terey up the river to Portland, and in
recognition of that fact the citizens pre
sented him with a magnificent chronome
ter watch, wnich he now wears. The
people of Oregon are to present the battle
ship with a $20,000 silver dinner service,
and Captain Patterson made the trip in
the cruiser in order to learn her ways so
as to be able to handle her should she be
sent up the Columbia to receive Oregon's
magnificent gift.
FIGHTING THE INDICTMENT.
Charles Becker and James Cregan, the
Bank Swindlers, Will Resist
Requisition.
NEWARK, N. J., May 14.-Charles
Becker and James Cregan, the noted check
raisers and bank swindlers who were ar
rested in Newark on an indictment against
them in San Francisco, will make every
effort to secure their release before the
California officers who have already
started for New Jersey reach Newark.
Becker's wife, who lives in Brooklyn, vis
ited him to-day and promised him that
she would attempt to raise money among
their friends to defend and possibly se
cure the release of Becker and Cregan. To
Police Captain Daily she said she knew
nothing of the crime for which her hus
band is under arrest and declared that he
was not in the West last December, when
it is said he and three others swindled the
Nevada BanK of San Francisco out of $20,
-000. Sheriff Lehlback to-day issued a writ
of attachment on application of Austin
Van Gieson, the local representative of
the American Bankers' Association,
against the jewelry, money and clothing
taken from Becker and Cregan when they
were arrested and found in the latter's
room in the Park House.
•
HILL NOT BE VISMISSED.
Jt Is Said That Captain bealy 1$ to lie
Suspended.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 14.-A Times
sppcial from Washington says: Secretary
Carlisle has before him the case of Captain
ti. J. Healy of the revenue marine service,
recently tried for alleged offenses of a se
rious nature. It is not known what dispo
sition will be made of the case, but it ap
pears to be settled that Healy will not be
dismissed from the service. It is believed
among the department ollicials that ho
will be suspended, perhaps past the date
of his retirement, if Congress shall author
ire the general law for the retirement of
revenue marine officers for age and ser
vice.
Healy's case has excited a good deal of
interest, not only on account of the prom
inence of the accused officer, but because
of the general foraplainis against him
from officers who served under bis com
mand in the Pacitic. The charges were
originally published some months ago in
these dispatches, and allege intemperance,
fciuce his trial Captain Healy has been on
waiting orders.
♦
Two Ftrebugs Confrtn.
BOSTON, Mass., May 14. — William
Daley, aged 20 years, and William T.
Reed, aged 18 years, of Chicago, two
dangerous firebutrs, were arrested by State
Fire Mar hal Whitcomb to-day. They
have confessed to setting about sixty rires>
that destroyed property valued at $2,0b0,00Cl
RETIREMENT OF
AGED BISHOPS,
An Impressive Scene at the
General Conference of
Methodists.
NON - EFFECTIVE WORK.
One of the Aged Leaders Asks
Pathetically to Be Relieved
From Duty.
EKASINC THS COLOR LINE.
One of the New Bishops to Be
Elected Will Be of African
Descent.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 14.— The Gen
eral Conference of the Methodist church
met at 8 o'clock this morning, Bishop
Mallalieu in the chair. The reports oi the
committee on the episcopacy were pre
sented by Rev. Dr. Buckley. Report No. 1
recommenaed the retirement of Senior
Bishop Thomas W. Bowman and Bishop
Randolph S. Foster on account of non
effectiveness.
A most impressive scene followed the
reading of the report. Bishop Foster
arose, and amid almost breathless silence
said lie wished to relieve the conference
from any delicacy in acting as their judg
ment dictated. He asked permission to
retire. Bishop Bowman also asked to be
retired, "as I have just learned," he said,
"I am non-effective.
Rev. George H. Bridgeman offered a
substitute which provided that Bishop
Bowman and Bishop Foster be not re
tired, and that the board of Bishops be
asked to give them light work. Dr. Bridge
man said the report of the committee was
kind.
Dr. Sawyer said he hoped the substitute
would be adopted.
Rev. Cbaffee said that unless the confer
ence wants to be confronted with proposi
tions of this kind to the limit of the terms
of Bishops it must pass something along
this line. It was no place for sentiment.
The discussion of the report was the fea
ture of the conference. All who partici
pated in it spoke earnestly. During the
debate Bishop Mallalieu had much diffi
culty in keeping the delegates from ap
plauding. He said that the matter under
discussion wa3 delicate, and he hoped the
conference would refrain from applauding,
at least until this particular matter was
disposed of. The substitute was tabled,
and the report adopted retiring Bishops
Bowman and Foster.
Dr. Buceley read report 2 of the com
mittee on episcopacy. It said that in the
selection of Bishops there should be no
discrimination on account of race and
that the time has now come to elect a
Bishop of African descent.
Rev. Dr. Brooks of Washington, a col
ored delegate, said: "The desire for a col
ored Bishop comes from all the colored
people of the church. What we want is a
black Bishop, not because he is black, but
a black Bishop, nevertheless."
Rev, Dr. E. W. 6. Hammond of Lexing
ton, one of the leading colored divines in
the church, said: "I favor the selection of
a Bishop of African descent because his
work is needed among the blacks of the
country."
Rev. Dr. Wilson of Baltimore offered the
following as a substitute for the report:
"Tnat iv the selection of Bishops the dele
gates should be untramnieled and, there
fore, the race or nationality of a Bishop is
not a proper subject for legislation."
The previous question was ordered and
the substitute tabled. The committee re
port was then passed.
Dr. Buckley read report 3 on episcopacy,
which declared that there saould be three
more Bishops selected.
Rev. John D. Walsh of Kentucky moved
to amend the report by adding another
Bishop, providing one of those selected is
a colored man.
Dr. Little moved as a substitute that the
number of Bishops to be elected be two.
Dr. Bristol of Chicago moved to amend
by declaring that there should be no more
Bishops elected. He said the Bishops had
little work to do.
"It is to the ambition of men who would
be Bishops," he said, "that this report is
to be credited. They have already figured
out when these noble men are to die and
are now figuring on low they can get their
places. I hore this conference will smother
this ambition that we may have more
money for necessary purposes."
The previous question was ordered. Dr.
Buckley was given the floor and eaid:
"Most of the Bishotis are old and are liable
to die or become incompetent at any time.
Therefore I hope you will add at least two
Bishops to the board."
The report was amended by making the
number of bi-shope to be elected two in
stead of three. Tbe report was then
adopted. The two new Bishops will be
be el-cted at 0:40 o'clock to-morrow.
Politics are rampant to-night among the
conference delegates. The election of Bish
op* to-ruorrow will be a field day. Trades
of all kinds are being proposed. As one
brother slated in the Uy men's meeting:
"A sharp, shrewd minister can give point
ers in political methods that any politi
cian would do well to heed." And so it
was to-day, and so it has been for a week.
VALUABLE DIAMONDS STOLEN.
Robbers Loot a Safe in a New York Store
and Secure Twenty Thousand Dollars'
Worth of Plunder.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 14.-Eugene
Akers. who keeps a confectioner's store at
173 Sixth avenue, reported to Captain
O'Brien en Tuesday that some time during
Monday night he was robbed of diamonds
valued at nearly $20,000. They were taken
from a safe in his store, the combination
of which was out of order. Besides the
diamonds there was taken $350 ir. money
and a check for $78 50. A young man
named John R. Ridel!, a former employe
of Akers, has been arrested on suspicion,
but none of the stolen gems were found in
hie possession, and none of the property
so far has been recovered.
FIRLDLIN'S PUNFITURE.
Taken by the Salvation Army, to Whom
It Brlongmd.
CHICAGO, 111., May 14.— A morning
paper says: The furniture of Colonel Ed
ward Fielding's house at 882 bt. Louis ,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
avenue was taken out rather hastily yes
terday afternoon at 5 o'clock by emissaries
of the Salvation Army. Ex-Brigadier
Fielding of the army was out of the city
at the time this occurred. His wife and
four children, three of them infants, were
left on bare floors until the arrival of new
household goods, which Colonel Fielding
had ordered previously.
The furniture taken was the property of
the Salvation Army, in which Colonel
Fielding resigned his commission as briga
dier six weeks ago to join the volunteers.
Colonel Fielding, it is said, had requested,
even importuned, his successor. Brigadier
Brewer, to remove the property of the
army, but the family was by no means
sure when the vans would come to take it
away.
GREAT MUSICAL FESTIVAL
Competition Will Be Had for the Rubin
stein Prize at Carnegie
Hall.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 14.— For the
firbt time in America it is proposed to hold
a musical festival in Carnegie Music Hall,
Wednesday, May 20, at which a competi
tion will be had for the Rubinstein prize
of $1000 for the best pianist, and the same
for the best composer. Two competitions
have taken place for this prize, one in St.
Petersburg in 1890, and one in Berlin in
1895. Tne proposed American festival
will be under the supervision of the Rus
sian Consul-General, Mr. Otarovsky. and
under the immediate direction of Platon
Brounoff, graduate of the St. Petersburg
conservatory under Rubinstein. Among
the artists who will take part in the lesti
val are: Emma Juch, soprano; Miss
Natalie Tanoth, court pianist to the
Queen of England and Emperor of Ger
many; Signor Victor Clodio, tenor; and
Emil Fischer, basso. Mr. Brounoff will
conduct an orchestra of seventy - five
musicians. At the festival the composi
tions of Rubinstein will be played, the
only exception being a symphony over
ture by Mr. Brounoff, written for the oc
casion.
JACKSON FOUND GUILTY.
Must Pay the Death Penalty
for the Murder of Pearl
Bryan.
Without a Quiver the Young Student
Receives the Verdict of the
Jury.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 14.— "Guilty
of murder and penalty death" are- the ter
rible words ringing in Scott Jackson's ears
as he paces the floor of his dark and lonely
cell to-night.
It took the jurors just two hours and
eleven minutes to reach a conclusion. It
was 12:04 o'clock as they filed into the
crowded courtroom at Newport, Ky., Fore
man Shea bearing the fatal slip upon
which was written Scott Jackson's doom.
A deathlike silence prevailed as Clerk
Reuscher received the verdict and read, in
'measured, solemn tones: "We, the jury,
find the defendant, Scott Jackson, guilty
of the murder of Pearl Bryan and lix the
punishment at death." ].'/■: :
Despite the stringent instructions of the
Judge to the contrary, there was a mur
mur of approval in the room and a few
even applauded by clapping their hands.
The prisoner sat motionless, his eyes fixed
on a table before him.
There was not the slightest visible trace
of emotion in any feature as he walked
from the courtroom back to his cell with a
firm and even step. Neither Mtb. Bryan
nor Mrs. Jackson was in the courtroom.
When the court reconvened for the af
ternoon session Attorney Crawford moved
an arrest of judgment on the ground that
the indictment did not state whether Jack
eon was guilty as principal or accessory.
This the court overruled. . r : / '■".;'.'
Colonel Crawford then moved that a
new trial be granted the prisoner. The
motion Bets up eight grounds of error in
the proceeding. Judge Helm fixed Satur
day, May 23, to hear arguments on the
motion. If a new trial is not granted the
case will go to the Court of Appeals.
The prisoner's mother is completely
prostrated over the verdict, while the mur
dered girl's family express gratification
over the result. Jackson shows signs of
weakening to-night and says the verdict is
a great disappointment to him.
m
HE SAYS PRAYERS ARE USELESS.
Colonel Ingersoll Also Thinks There Is No
Necessity for the Word Cod in the
Constitution.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 14.— Colonel
Robert G. Ingersoll consented to talk last
night concerning the assertion made by
Dr. Quayle in the Methodist Conference at
Cleveland that it was idiotic to pray for
him.
••I think Dr. Quay was right," said he,
"when he said that to pray for the conver
sion of Robert Ingersoll was idiotic. He
seems to take tbe same view of prayer that
I do; and to be consistent he ought to stop
praying. He ought to tell all hia Method
ist brethren to stop advising and bothering
God, and that over every Methodist pulpit
hlmiuM be painted in large letters: 'To
Pray for the Redemption of Anybody Is
Idiotic' Dr. Quayle seems to have the
true spirit of his church."
"What do you think of the Methodists'
plan for putting God in the constitution?"
"I t liinK that if tbe fanatics get God in
the constitution there will be no room ici't
for man. Our fathers in 1787 retired all
the Gods from politics and established a
secular government, in which the power to
govern does not come from God but from
the consent of the governed. Let us
keep the aristocracy of the air from gov
erning the land in which we live."
»■ -
A CONNCIENTIOUS PETERAN.
Would JVot Receive a Pension After Hi*
Ailment CeaseH.
WESTCHEBTER, Pa.. May 14.— Samuel
Fetter, a miller in . Cheater Valley, has led
the pension authorities at Washington to
suspect that something is wrong with him
mentally because of his refusing to accept
a pension. During the war he was a brave
soldier and contracted a disease that left
effects which seemed likely to shorten his
days. He accordingly made application
for a pension »md it was grunted to him.
This was years ago.
Lately be has become much relieved of
his ailment, and believing that he is com
pletely restored to health notified the au
thorities to discontinue bis pension. No
attention was paid to his request and this
week another pay voucher came to him.
According to his previous determination
he returned this with a full statement of
his not being entitled to receive pay. A
member of the bureau visited him expect
ing to rind a lunatic, but instead he fouud
a clear-minded and conscientious veteran,
and he returned to Washington with the
promise to have Mr. Fetter's pay stopped.
This has been done.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 14.— The
treasury gold reserve to-day was $114,192 -
833; withdrawals (425,200.
TO RESTRICT
IMMIGRATION,
Arguments in the Senate
on the Illiteracy
Test.
IS OPPOSED BY GIBSON.
Attributes the Instigation of the
Bill to the American Pro
tective Association.
NELSON DEFENDS THE MEASURE
Denies That Hstility to the Catholic
Church Had Anything to Do
With It
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 14.-The
Senate bill to restrict immigration by the
application of the illiteracy test was to-day
the occasion of the delivery of two
speeches, one acainst and one for the bill.
Gibson of Maryland spoke in opposition
and Nelson of Minnesota in advocacy.
Gibson attributed the instigation of the
bill to the American Protective Asso
ciation, which he characterized as a secret,
oa:h-bouud, red-lettered, left-banded,
dark-lanterned organization. The real
purpose of the bill was, he asserted, hos
tility to the Catholic church.
Nelson defended tbe bill on account of
the necessity of restricting immigration,
and denied that the A. P. A. or hostility
to the Catholic church had anything to do
with it. No action was taken on the bill,
it having been taken up for the sole pur
pose of having these two speeches deliv
ered.
The increase of bounties on sugar re
cently proposed in the German Reichstag
was noticed in the Senate to-day by
Caffery of Louisiana in some remarks on
a bill providing for an increase of United
States duties in that and similar cases.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Finance. Caffery argued tuat its passage
was necessary in order to prevent the de
struction of the sugar industry in the
United States.
The discussion of the question of Du
pont's title to a seat in the Senate from
Delaware came up again to-day. When
it was suspended two or three weeks ago
it was with the understanding by unani
mous consent tn&t it was to be taken up
again after the passage of the river and
harbor bill, and that the final vote was to
lie taken at 6 o'clock of the second day.
When Gorman of Maryland referred to
day to that unanimous consent of agree
ment Mitchell of Oregon, iv charge of the
resolution, admitted the correctness of
the statement, but added suggestively that
what the particular vote would be on
would be determined then. Platt of Con
necticut made an argument in favor of
Dupunt's ri^lit.
When Piatt suspended his speech until
to-morrow the V ice-President announced
the appointment of Senators Gray (D.) of
Delaware and Scawell (R.) of New Jersey
as members of the board of visitors to
West Point Military Academy, and of Sena
tors Blackburn (D.) of Kentucky and Hale
(R.) of Maine to Annapolis.
Senate bill for monuments to the revo
lutionary generals, Francis Nash and Wil
liam Davidson of North Carolina — $3000 for
each — was passed.
The pension bills on the calendar were
then taken up and passed very expedi
tiously to the number of sirty in half an
hour. Among them were the following:
House bill granting a pension of $50 a
month to the widow of Brigadier-General
John Hcmgh; Senate bill granting a pen
eion of $75 a month to the widow of Rear-
Admiral \Valter W. Queen, and of $25 a
month to the daughter of Maior-General
Philip Kearney.
Af ler a short executive session the Sen
at 5:55 adjourned until to-morrow.
«
SENNTON OF THE HOUSE.
Fifty-Three rrivate I'ension Bills Re
ported for t'listnur.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 14.-Under
the special order adopted last week the
House spent to-day's session in committee
of the whole considering private pension
bill?. Fifty-ihre" were acted upon favor
ably and reported to the House for pas
sage, among the beneficiaries being the
widows of Colonel Orlando 11. P>>e, Gen
eral John Newton, Brigadier-General
Charies.D. Jameson and Brigadier-General
and ex-Senaior George E. Spencer and
Robert Walls, the famous colored pilot
and ex-Congressman.
The contested election cases of Henry P.
Cheatham (R.) against Fred A. VVoodard
(D.) from the Second District of North
Carolina was disposed of by the adoption
of a resolution reported from the Elec
tions Committee No. 2 declaring Woodard
entitled to the seat.
The river and harbor bill was returned
to the House from the Senate, tbe amend
ments made by ;hat body disagreed to and
a conference ordered. Later Hepburn (R.)
of lowa entered a 'motion to reconsider
that and the matter went over until to
morrow.
At 5:45 the House adjourned.
> ♦
MA Y ADJOURN IN JUNE.
Congress Hill Jfot Tinker With Tariff
Thim Session..
WASHINGTON, D. C, May U.-The
Republicans of the Senate will hold a
caucus to-morrow at 11 o'clock for ihe pur
pose of considering tbe question of ad
journmem. The call was circulated by
Chandler and was generally signed by
those who are opposed to the repeal of the
free-alcohol clause of the tariff bill, which
Sherman and several other Republicans
are desirous to have repealed. It is said
the caucus will endeavor to rench a con
clusion on the subject of adjournment and
the bills shall be considered before that
time arrives. The general impression
prevails that final adjournment can be
h:id in the first week of June without
trouble or inconvenience.
It is the intention to engage in some
plain talk at this conference and then en
deavor to show the advocates of the re
peal of the free-alcohol clause how impos
sible it is to take up this amendment to
the tariff act without coupling it with
other amendments along Republican
lines. It is claimed that the silver Repub
licans will not do anything to precipitate a
financial discussion, and that if Sherman
and those who are with him in this mat
ter Trill agree to let the repeal go by the
board there will be no stumbling-block to
an adjournment as soon as the river and
harbor biil becomes a law.
— _— ________
HUNTINGTOS IS ANNIOUN.
let Trying to Have the Funding Bill
Fasted This Session.
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 14.-The
Call correspondent learned to-night that
Mr. Huntington and his corps of lobbyists,
fearful that the funding bill will not be
taken up in the Heuse at this session, 'are
•striving to have it called up in the Senate
so that if it passe*, that body it will have to
be considered in the House. Senator
Davis of Minnesota is one of those who is
actively at work trying to get the Senate
steering committee to call the bill up. .
•
Sale of Reservations.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 14.— The
Interior Department ha 3 accepted the sur
vey made by the appraisers of the aban
doned military reservation, embracing an
island in the Missouri River lying east of
Kansas City. It was found to contain 131
acres and was appraised at $130,144. In
structions have been sent to the Land
Office officials at Booneville, Mo., for con
ducting the sale, which is set for August
11 next. The Council Grove, 0. T., aban
doned military reservation will be sold on
the same date! It embraces 5760 acres and
is appraised at $20,230, to be sold uuder
the act of July 5, 1884.
* «.
To Sell the It, arrt Land*.
WASHINGTON, D. 0.. May 14.— The
Secretary of the Interior has instructed
the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to continue to sell the desert lands
within the limits of railroad grants at
$1 25 per acre. A decision of the United
States Sunrerae Conrt cast some doubt on
the authority of the Secretary to fix that
valuation and the Commissioner of the
General Land Office requested directions.
■ •
lieeriup's Valuable Gifts.
CHICAGO, 111 , May 14.-Real estate
and securities valued at $215,000 have been
Ere sen ted to the Northwestern University
y William Deerin of Evanston, the well
known manufacturer. This bequest raises
the total of Mr. Deering's gifts to the uni
versity to $500,000.
IN FAVOR OF ARBITRATION
President Cleveland So Expresses
Himself to the Conference
Committee.
But Says It Can Only Be Accomplished
Through an International
Treaty.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 14.— At the
recent National conference on interna
tional arbitration a committee was ap
pointed to present to the President a me
morial embodying the preamble and reso
lutions adopted by the conference. The
members of the committee were: Hon.
George F. Edmunds of Vermont, Hon. J.
L. M. Curry, District of Columbia; J. B.
Angel!, president of the University of
Michigan; Judge Hitchcock of Bt. Louis
and Gardiner G. Hubbard of the District
of Columbia.
The committee discharged its duty to
day, being received by President Cleve
land in his private office. The interview
was altogether pleasant and satisfactory.
The President told the members of the
comini'tee that he was thoroughly and
strungly committed to the doctrine of
-irbitration for the settlement of inter
national disputes, and had so expressed
himself in his communications to Con
gress prior to the Venezuelan troubles.
He said he bad read the resolutions now
presented to him when they were adopted
by the convention aud highly approved
their moderation and wisdom. He had
noted with pleasure and surprise the high
character of the representatives from more
than forty States who had assem bled here
of their own accord to give voice to their
convijiions on the subject. He promised
to be ready officially to utilize all proper
occasions for tbe accomplishment of the
purpose of the conference, whicb, he
added, "will have to be done through an
international treaty."
COLLAPSE OF A DERRICK
Twelve Men Badly Injured
While Working in the
Drainage Canal.
An Immense Wooden Structure Sud
deniy Blown Down by a
Storm.
CHICAGO, 111., May 14.— A windstorm
of unusual severity this afternoon caused
the collapse of a ponderous derrick, used
in laying stone walla on the drainage
canal near Sag Bridge. Twelve men were
hurt, one perhaps fatally.
The inj nred : W. A. Connors, laborer, in
ternally injured; Timothy Crowe, laborer,
leg and arm cut; Edmund Fitzmorris,
stone mason, arm broken and shoulder
bruised, taken to Mount Forest Hospital;
Charles Jones, laborer, face bruised ;
Charles Jordan, carpenter, hip dis
located ; H. J. Knetscb, engineer, legs
cut and chest bruised ; E. M. Lentz, laborer,
deep gash in head, side injured; John
Murphy, stone mason, rib broken; Wil
liam Norton, inspector, face cut, nw
lose right eye; Frank Rago, foreman, arm
broken, legs cut and face bruised; Frank
Reszch, laborer, face cut ; Pat Roach,
stone mason, ribs broken, hurt internally,
may dii.
Superintendent Maddens force of fifty
men was engaged in laying the stone wall
on the canal, when Assistant Superintend
ent of Derricks, A. Ward, saw a slight
movement of the truck wheels which
supported the movable structure. He
shouted to his men at the top of his voice,
but tbe whistling wind drowned his cries
and only a few heard the summons.
The next moment the mammoth frame
work of wood and iron crashed to the bot
tom of the canal, the fragments collecting
in a solid mass. The arms of the derrick
were 120 feet long and 60 feet high, and
the men were disposed of alons the wall to
a height of thirty feet. Yet, when men
and derrick crashed to the ground only
twelve were injured, and only one is
thought to be fatally hurt.
Launch of a Steel Steamer.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 14.— The
Donato Guerra, a steel steamer lighthouse
tender that is being built for the Mexican
Government by the Neafu & Levy Ship
and Engine Building Company, was buc
cessfully launched at 2:38 o'clock this
afternoon. The christeni ng was performed
by Miss Minnie B. Picart of Philadelphia.
The Mexican Minister to the United States,
Matias Romero, and Mrs. Romero and
other Mexican officials were present. The
Donato Guerra, which is named in honor
of a prominent general of the Mexican
»rmv, is 142 feet in length and 25 feet
beam. The vessel wIU be handsomely
finished.
APPROPRIATIONS
FOR CALIFORNIA,
|
Important Items in the Bill j
Passed by the
Senate.
FUNDS FOR IMPROVING.
First Comes the Deep Sea Harbor
at Santa Monica or San
Pedro.
THE WORK ON THE RIVERS.
Ample Sums Allowed for Benefiting
Navigation in Streams of
tbe State.
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 14.-The
river and harbor bill, as it passed the Sen
ate yesterday, contains the following ap
propriations for California: For a deep
water harbor at Port Los Angeles in Santa
Monica Bay or at San Pedro, the location
of the harbor to be determined by an offi
cer of the navy to be detailed by the Sec
retary of the Navy and an officer of the
Coast and Geodetic Survey to be detailed
by the superintendent of the survey and
three experienced civil engineers skilled
in riparian work, to be appointed by the
President, who shall constitute a board,
and who shall personally examine the har
bor, the decision of a majority of which
shall be final as to the location of the har
bor. It shall be the duty of the board to
make plans, specifications and estimates
for the improvements.
Whenever the board shall have settled
the location and made a report to the Sec
retary of War of the same with the plans,
specifications and estimates, then the Sec
retary of War may make contracts for the
completion of the improvement of the
harbor so selected by the board, according
to the project reported by them, at a cost
not exceeding in the aggregate $2,000,000,
and $50,000 is appropriated, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to be used
for the expenses of the board and payment
of the civil engineers for their services, the
amount to be determined by the Secretary
of War.
For improving Wilmington (San Pedro
inner harbor) $50,000, with a provision that
tbe Secretary of War may make contracts
for completing the entire work at a cost not
to exceed in the aggregate $302,000.
Continuing tne improvement of Oakland
harbor $75,000, and authorizing the Secre
tary of War to contract for the completion
of the work at a cost not to exceed $066,000
(exclusive of the $75,000 herein appropri
ated).
For the improvement of San Diego har
bor, $50,000; San Luis Obispo harbor,
$40,000.
For improving the Sacramento and
Feather rivers and tributaries, the Secre
tary of War is authorized to appoint a
board of three army engineers for the pur
p6se of making surveys and examinations
of the rivers and submit the most feasible
plan for the improvement of the rivers
and maintenance of navigation thereon,
and to have charge of the work by them
recommended as appropriations are made
therefor. The board may, under direction
of the Secretary of War, expend any bal
ance now remaining to the credit of tbe
rivers in the improvement of the same,
after deducting the expense of the surveys
and examinations.
For the construction of restraining bar
riers for the protection of the Sacramento
and Feather rivers $250,000, such restrain
ing barriers to bo constructed nnaer the
direction of the Secretary o! War in ac
cordance with the recommendations of the
California Debris Commission pursuant to
the provisions of and for the purpose set
fortn in section 25 of tbe act of tbe Con
gress of the United States entitled "An act
to create tbe California Debris Commission
and regulate hydraulic mining in the State
of California," approved March 1, 1893.
For improving the San Joaquin River
and completing cuts at Twenty-one mile
Slough $20,000. or so much thereof as may
be necessary, and completing cut at Head
Reach $37,750, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, and the balance of $24,000
heretofore appropriated may be used in
dredging Stockton and Mormon channels
to the bead of navigation in the city of
Btockton.
For improving Napa River and continu
ing improvement $4000.
SAYS KRUGER WAS MISLED.
Secretary Chamberlain Makes an Explana
tion of His Position in Trans
vaal Affairs.
LONDON, Eno., May 14.— Mr. Chamber
lain, Secretary of State for the Colonies,
has sent a dispatch to Sir Hercules Robin
son, Governor of Cape Colony and British
High Commissioner in South Africa, with
reference to the message recently received
by Governor Robinson from Dr. Leyda,
Secretary of State of the Transvaal,
In which the letter noted the par
tiality shown by Great Britain
toward the directors of the British
South Africa Company and also with ref
erence to President Kruger's expressed
wish that he had been personally present
in the House of Commons to refute the
statements of Mr. Chamberlain during the
debate on the colonial estimates.
In his dispatch Mr. Chamberlain says he
is of the opinion that President Kruger
has been misled by reading a summarized
report of the debate.
He deprecates the formation of prema
ture judgments based on such reports.
He denies that Great Britain cbampious
the directors and announces that an in
quiry will be made into the affairs of the
company, until which time the Govern
ment cannot decide anything concerning
the company's future.
Mr. Chamberlain adds that the Govern
ment does not see how the exercise of
clemency in the case of the con- !
victed members of the reform com- j
mittee is or ought to be depen- j
dent upon the language of unspecified j
persons who are supposed to defend che
raid into the Transvaal. He expresses bis
confidence tiat President Kruater will not
take any such language into account, and
cone Indes by expressing his sympathy for
Mme. Kruger in her illness.
Given ': a Colonelcy. _
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 14.— The
Senate to-day confirmed the promotion of
Lieutenant-Colonel W. J. Lysler, Twenty
first Infantry, to be colonel.
HEW TO-DAT. J
(Jwo
for
One/
Gven better than that
J*riday, and maybe
Saturday, if the
. quantities hold out,
■
•Sonic 600 Short "Urouser Suits
in blues and pretty 7j weeds,
right clever goods, gotten up in
excellent style, for lads between
$ and years, double-breasted
style.
including an extra pair of
Urausers, made from those fine
£nylish Corduroys in tan shade*
Sf you prefer a Sfceefer Suit
for your little man, there's a
right smart assortment of J em
in pretty 3slue Uwill Cheviots,
also some real pretty colorings
in uweeds.
Cither style of Suit,
Sncludiny a pair of
Corduroy dffnee Slants
""at""
i "HINTS FROM A 810 STORE," •
: Our new Book for Shopping by Mail, it :
: ready. Do you want a copy i Send vm :
: your name and we'll send it to you. :
Raphael's
(Sncorp orated),
TJhe Frisco S&eys,
9, If, J3, 15 Steamy Street.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
WELL KNOWN. BY HIS LONG REBI-
y 1 denceand successful practice on the
Fdcifiq Coast, guarantees a prompt and
perfect cure of every case he undertakes.
Thousands of genuine testimonials on .file
in his private office. Poor treated free on
Friday afternoons.
XKRVOUS I>KBIXITY. weakness of sex-
ual organs, los manhood, night emissions, ex-
hausting drains which unfit one for study . busi-
ness or marriage, treated with unfailing suc-
cess. ii.i cured and be a man.
PRIVATE, Urinary and kidney ailments,
sexual diseases of every sort, blood, skin and
constitutional diseases, rupture, piles, varico-
celeand hydrocele quickly cured without pain
or detention from business.
WRITE > t once if living out of the city.
Thousands cured at home. Book on Special
Diseases sen t i ir e.
Office hours— a. M. to 12 m. : 2 to 5 and 7 to
Bp. m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 k. only.
F. L. WE ANY, M.0.,
737 Market Street, 8. FFt. t Cat.
DDBIC USCO FOR BARBERS, BAK-
nnllilHrN '"• bootblacks, bath-
MllUVllbVhouafs, billiard - tabl.- ,,
brewers, bookbinders, cmndy.makers, cannery.
dyers, flour .mils, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, SUM*
Ben, tar-rooters, tanners, tailors, etc.
_ " _ BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brash Manufacturers, 609Ss>er»mento36.CLEOPHUS WINS
THE MATCH RACE.
Superior Jockeyship of Sims
Causes the Defeat of
Suisun.
NEITHER THE FAVORITE
One of the Prettiest Events of the
Season at the Churchill
Downs Meeting.
CLOSED WITH A GREAT SPURT.
At the Last Moment Victory Is
Snatched From the Jaws
of Defeat.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 14.— For the
third time during the meeting at Churchill
Downs, Willie Sims, by superior jockey
ship, has s-nntched a victory from the jaws
of defeat, winning to-day's match race
between Clenphus and Suisun.
There was no favorite in the match, as
each horse has its backers, and the crowd
was evenly divided. With hardly any de
lay at the post, they got off to a very even
start. Suisun, as is her style, jumped to
the front and led by a length and a half to j
within 100 yards of the wire, bounding j
along with a greyhoundlike action, and
the big chestnut thundering along behind ;
her. At this point Bunn began to whip,
and had he kept it up the finish would
have been Suisun by a length. But he j
paused for a moment, and Sims, who had |
never cea?ed plying the whip, passed Sui- ;
sun's flank, then her 6addiegirth and
throatlatch, and won the race by a scant
head.
So many people are still of the opinion
that Suisun is a better filly than Cleophus
that Secretary Price of the Louisville
Jockey Club stated to-night that he will
endeavor to bring about another match ;
between the pair before the meeting closes.
Four furlones, Ethel l.cc won, Turtle Dove
second, Lady Rover third. Time. :49'.i.
One and an eighth miles, Judith won, Rey
del Mar second. Rasper third. Time, 1:53)£
Match r«ce, for $3^50, five furlongs, *. leo
phus won, Suisun second. Time, 1 :01.
Six furlongs. Rondo won, Zanone second,
Moylan third. Time, 1:14.
Louisville handicap, one and a sixteenth
miles', Loki won, The Commoner second, Ben
Holiidav third. Time, 1:47^.
Five furlongs, Lady Loornm won, Mazeppa
second. Red third. Time, 1 :<>3.
MORRIS PARK RACETRACK, N. V.,
May 14. — Notwithstanding the fact that
the programme presented here to-day was
not 3 brilliant one the attendance was !
quite large. The principal event on the
card was the race for the rJouquet stakes j
for two-year-olds at rive furlongs. Lithos, j
who^e odds were 5 to 1, and Prompt, the
favorite, alternated in the lead to win a
few lengths of the finish. Albanian, who i
had been gradually improving disposition, j
then got up an.l snatched the victory from
Lithos just as they crossed the line by the
narrowest possible margin. Prompt, who
had been forced to give way to his stable
companion. L,ithos, in thebattle through
the final sixteenth, was third live lengths
away.
F.vc and a haH furiongs, Runaway won,
Lady Greenwav second, Cast'.eton third. Time,
1 :07.
One mile, Paladin won, Belmer second, Ray
8 third. Time, L:42.
The Bouquet stakes, five furlongs. Albaninn
won, Lithos second. Prompt third. Time, 1:01.
One mile, Bonaparte won, Abuse second,
Gold Crest ihird. Time, 1 :44.
Four and a half furlones. Petrel won. Suspi
cion second. The Manxman third. Time, :">5.
One mile and a furlong. Deerslayer won,
Unuy II second. Time. 2:01. Two starters.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 14.— The track was
sloppy to-day and scratches were numer
ous. Three favorites came in first.
Six furlongs, Damocles won, Ashland second,
Bravo third. Time, 1:19.
Four and a half lurlongs, Albion won. Bill
Dawdy second, Kassala third. Time, 1:00.
One mile and .seventy yards, Crevasse won,
Leader Ban second, Whisper third. Time, 1 :52.
Six furlongs, S.r Play won, David second, Ar
gentina third. Time, 1:18.
Six iurlongs, Terrier won. Battledore second,
Towerest third. Time, 1:19.
Five and a half furlongs, Amelia May won,
Swiitv second, Panjandrum third. Time,
1:12 U.
CHICAGO, 111., May 14.— Dr. Rice of
Brooklyn handicap fame ran a bad iast in
the owners' handicap at five and a half
furlong* at Sheffield to-day. Hi Henry,
the favorite, won the race easily. The
track was very slow from the rooming
showers. The condition of the track, how
ever, did not affect the talent, as its choice
in the first five events landed the purses,
the last race eoing to a 10 to 1 outsider.
Six furlongs. Bismarck won, Mari." Woodland
•ecor.d, Laverne third. Time. 1 :17^.
Half a mile. Marie C won, Siegfried second,
Personne third. Time. :51%.
Biz furlongs. Mamie C woiT. Lucinda second,
Major Dripps third. Time, l:l7jg.
Owners' handicap, five and a naif furlongs,
Hi Henry won. Merry Monarch second, Sim
mons third. Time, l:08££.
Eight and a half furlones. Suilro^s won. Jack
the Jew second, John Hickey third. Time,
1 -32.
Six furlongs, Designer won, Extra second.
Miniver third. Time, 1:16?^.
ON THE BALL KINLD.
Burkr's Errors Bare . the Brooklyn*
frnm a .Shut Out.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 14.— Irwin's
and Burkes errors in the ninth inning
saved the Brooklyns from a shut-out.
Dwyer pitched phenomenal ball with men
on bases. The Reds took kindly to Ken
nedy's curves and batted him at will.
Miller's and Hoyt's batting were the
features. Attendance, 1500.. Score:
Cincinnatis..... 14001 3 0 •— l3 17 3
Brooklyn.-) 00000 000 2— 10 3
Batteries— Dwyer and I'eitz; Kennedy and Bar*
rell. Umpire— Hurst.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, May 14.— New
Yorks started in like winners to-day and
knocked Young out of the box. During
the first four innings Cleveland could do
nothing with Dad Clark's delivery. In
the fith the Cleveland batters commenced
to get their eyes on the ball, and in the
last innines of" the game batted out a vic
tory. Score:
Clevelands 0000^6 301—10 17 3
New Yorks 04010 10 10—7 13 3
Battencß-VpunK. Wallace and Zimmer; Clark
and Wilson. Umpire— Lynch.
CHICAGO, 111., May 14.— The Colts
and Orioles played a ten-inning earne to a
lie to-day after a pretty exwibition on
both siies. The game was called on ac
count of darkness and will be played off
to-morrow. Score:
tblcngos 2000200010—5 lif 5
Baltimore!! 000 0 2 10 v 0 0-6 ltt 2
Batteries— Parker aud Kiuredge; l'ond and
Clarke. Umpire— Kcfe. Attendance, 120 >.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 14. -Louisville
outplayed Philadelphia at every point to
day. Taylor was knocked out of the box
in the eiglith inning. This was Louisville's
first errorless game this season. Attend
ance, 10,000. Score:
Louisville* OOO1O352»-11 13 0
I'ljilartelphias 00 0 0 -• 000 3— 5 9 3
Batteries— Hill and D xter: Inks. Taylor and
Until y and Clements. Umpire— We. dmac.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 14— The Browns
pulled out a victory in the last inning by
pood stick work. Attendance, 1000. Score:
»U Louts 100700100—9 13 1
Washlnetons 0 0 1115 0 0 0-8 9 2
Balieriea— Hart and McFarland; Uerman and
McAuley. Umpire, Emslie.
PITTSBURGH Pa., May 14.-Pittsbnrg
took on its heaviest batting streak of the
season to-day and won from Boston
easily. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Pittsburgs 3212f>0 70•— 20 27 4
Bostons 000110011—4 11 6
Baueries— Hastings, Killen and Merritt: Dolan,
Sullivan and Berger. Umpire— Snendan.
Harvard' a Loving Cup.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 14.—Har
vard has received the silver loving cup
presented by the United States Military
Academy Football Association, and it is
now on exhibition here. The cup is
about eight inches biirh, measures about
the same in circumference, and is valued
at $300. On the panels are scenes relating
to iaat fall'e football games between the
cadets and crimson team.
West Point offered Harvard $2do as guar
antee for a game, in lieu of gate receipts.
The Harvard team, upon hearing that no
admission charge was allowed and that
the cadets would have to secure the money
by subscription, refused to take any
guarantee. Hence the presentation of the
cup.
Xeiemarket Spring Meeting.
LONDON, Eng.. May 14.— At the New
market spring meeting the two-year-old
selling plate of 103 sovereigns, five fur
longs, was won by Chanteuse filly, Golden
Hawk was second and Pecovna third. E.
Wishard s Portia Dura started, but was
not placed.
The Bedford two-year-old plate of 800
sovereigns, five furlongs, was won by Fair
lie's Eacer. J. B. Deigh'a Flying Colors
was second and Sir R. W. Griffith's Merle
third.
The flying handicap plate of 300 sover
eigns for three-year olds and upward, five
furlongs, was won by Lord Rosebery's Full
Armor, P. Lorillard f s Diakka was second
and Prince Soltykoffs Speed third.
Scores of the Crack Shots.
MEMPHIS, Turn, May 14.— 1n the
fourth day's shooting of the Memphis
Gun Club's tournament Rolla A. Heikes
of Dayton, Ohio, the champion of the
world," broke 103 out of 105. J. A. R.
Elliott of Kansas City was followed closely
by O. R. Dickey of Boston, Captain B. A.
Bartlett of New l'ork, R. L. Trimble of
Cincinnati, and B. Leroy Woodward of
Campobello. The entries in the eleven
events to-day average near sixty. The
weather was perfect and the scores satis
factory.
-Hue to a Lack of Capital.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 14.— The Cdd
Feiiows' Temple Company made an as
signment last night. The assets are
$550,000 and liabilities $200,000. The cause
given is lack ot capital and a failure to sell
the stock and bonds of the company. The
Temple was formally opened two years
ago and is one of the finest edifices in the
city.
WASBINGTON REPUBLICANS
Elect Xationnl Itelegate* and Instruct
for McKtnley—The Platform.
EVERETT, Wash., May 14.— Andrew F.
Burleit'h, King County; P. C. Sullivan,
Pierce County; Henry L. Wilson, Spokane
County; Albert Goldman, Walla Waila;
Harry A. Fairchild, Whatcom; James M.
Gilbert, Yakima; L. W. Garner, Cowlitz;
George H. Emerson, Chehalis
The eight gentlemen whose names ap
! pear above were chosen to-day by the Re-
I publican State Convention of Washington
; as this commonwealth's delegation to the
National Republican Convention at St.
': Louis. They were instructed for McKin
i ley, and will ride into the big convention
j upon a sound-money platform, which,
; however, was adopted only after much
j spirited opposition, which was especially
strong among Eastern Washington dele
gates. Out of a total vote of 402 the cold
standard plank of the platform was adopted
by a majority of 130. The fight for "gold"
money was led by Gove nor McGraw.
The convention was called to order at 10
a. m. by Scott Swett of Vancouver, chair
man of the Republican Central Committee.
The hall was appropriately decorated
with American flaps and on the walls
hung pictures of Washineton, Lincoln,
Grant and Garneld, these being well in
! terspersed with McKinley lithographs.
j Governor McGraw appeared in evidence
both in picture and in person. Delegates
filed in to the time of suitable music and
it was nearly 11 o'clock before the late
members found their places. All the
remaining available space of the hall, hav
ing a seating capacity of about S<jO, was
quickly appropriated by spectators.
A permanent organization with Hon.
John S. McMillan of San Juan was ef
fected in the afternoon and the following
platform was adopted:
Rewired, That we renew our allegiance to
the principles of the Republican party and
pledge ourselves to the support of its 'candi
dates and platform as same shall be deter
mined by our National Convention at St.
Louis. '
Boohed, That we demand a restoration of
the Republican policy of protection to Ameri
can industry and American labor and the
doctrine of reciprocity— the laßt great work of
the immortal Blame.
Rifolvcd, That we favor the maintenance of
the present gold standard and are opposed to
the free and unlimited coinage of silver at 10
to 1. We are, however, favorable to an inttT
nat;onal agreement looking to the general Übe
of both metals as money at a fixed ratio and
commend the efforts in that behall of tiie last
Republican administration.
R> solved. That it is the sentiment of this con
vention that Congress should enact strict laws
to prevent the immigration of paupers, crimi
nals and otber undesirable classes from foreign
countries into the United Btates.
Resolved, That we have always given protec
tion to our ship-builders in late year?. We
have neglected to protect our ship-owners, and
we believe the time has come to return to tne
policy of Washington and Hamilton, which by
i discriminating duties In favor of American
bottoms secured 90 per cent of our carrying
trade to American ships, and which, if now
restored, would aeaiu revive our snipping and
cause American freights to be paid to Ameri
cans.
Retolred, That a plank shall be incorporated
in our National platform demanding constitu
tional amendments providing for the election
of United States Senators by popular vote of
the people.
Resolved, That we oppose any union of
church and state, and we recognize loyalty, in
telligence and honesty as the main require
ments of good citizenship, and we denounce
any attempt to create a religious qualification
for office as un-American, unjust and uncon
stitutional.
Resolved, Tnat the Republicans of Washing
ton, while recognizing the eminent worth and
fitness ol eacn distinguished statesman of their
party whose names have been mentioned as
as ii i rants for the Presidential nomination at
St. Louis, hereby declare that the emphatic
I sentiment of Washington is in favor of the
nomination of that wise and able statesman,
that pure and unsullied patriot, that true aud
loyal American, that peerless champion of pro
tection. William McKiniey ol Ohio, and the
delegates from this State are hen by directed
and instructed to work and vote for the suc
cess of said Wiiliam McKinley bo long as there
is a reasonable prospect of his nomination.
A stubborn h'eht was made by the silver
men and some McKinley followers to have
the financial plank of the so-called Ohio
platform inserted in this State's platform,
but the movement was defeated under the
leadership of Burleigh and Governor Mc-
Graw, who declared tiiat McKinlpy might
be nominated at St. Louis, but that it
would never be upon the Ohio financial
piank.
The alternates selected are W. P. Ken
nedy, Adams; Henry Crisp, Clarke;
Thomas If. May, Columbia; M. P. Moloy.
Douglas; F. P. Spec*, Franklin: E. L.
Brown, Kitsap; Frank M. Winship, Lin
coln, and R. H. McLean, Whitman.
The convention adjourned Bine die at 8
P. M.
Uownfall of a Politician.
O'NEILL, Nebr., May 14.— John Car
berry, a resident of this (Holt) county for
twenty years and a man of some wealth
and a leader in local politics, was arrested
at Stuart yesterday and brought to this
place, charged with being a member of the
notorious cattle-rustling gang who have
for years infested this part of Nebraska.
He waived examination and was bound
over. Other arrests will follow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
PROHIBITIONIST
CONVENTION,
Completes Its Work After
a Busy Day and
Adjourns.
A PERFECT LOVE-FEAST
Hardly a Ripple Disturbed the
Smooth Sailing of the
Session.
NOMINATIONS AND SPEECHES.
Senator J. E. McComas of Pomona Is
Selected for Lieutenant'
Governor.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 14.— Chairman
Dunn called the convention to order at
8:45 o'clock this morning. The session
was opened by singing "All Hail the Power
of Jesus' Name," the delegates being led by
Rev. M. J. Hall of Los Angeles. Rev.
Clarence T. Wilson of that city led in
prayer, and then the regular business of
the convention was begun.
The first order of business was the elec
tion of twenty-six delegates to the Na
tional Convention at Pittsburg. There
were four delegates at laree to be elected,
eight for the votes cast for General Bid
well at the last Presidential election, and
fourteen for the seven Congressional dis
tricts.
Judge Thompson of San Francisco
moved the election of four delepates at
large before the remaining twenty-two
delegates.
Dr. Bowers placed in nomination Dr. J.
A. B. Wilson. Hall of Los Angele- named
Chairman Glass of the State Central Com
mittee. Kellogg of Placer nominated
General John Bidwell and Henry French.
Winning of Contra Costa nominated
Chauncey H. Dunn of Sacramento, and
Ewing of Placer named Mrs. Chauncey H.
Dunn.
It was stated that General John Bidwell
could not attend the convention, and his
name was withdrawn.
Mrs. Dunn's name was also withdrawn,
with the understanding that she be selected
as one of the other delegates. The remain
ing four candidates, Rev. J. A. B. Wilson,
J. M. Glass, Henry French and Chauncey
H. Dunn, were elected by acclamation.
The selection of the remaining twenty
two was left to a committee of seven, one
from each Congressional District. This
committee was composed of Rev. B. P.
Taylor of the First District; George D.
Kellogg, Second District; Dr. R. McCar
gar, Third District; Judge Thompson of
San Francisco, Fourth District; F. H.
Lawson, Fifth District; J. E. McComas,
Sixth District; B. H. Hoaf, Seventh
District.
The committee on press and telegrams
reported the sending of two telegrams, one
to the Prohibition State Convention at
Eau Claire, W is., which read: ''Greeting
to Wisconsin Prohibition's friends. Are
undivided. On to Pittsburg," and one to
the Prohibition State Convention at Dcs
Moines, lowa, reading: "Greetings, solidly
and harmoniously. On to Pittsburg anti
final victory.'.'
The committee on the appointment of
delegates to the National Convention re
ported the selection of the following dele
gates:
First District — L. J. Norton and Volnev
Taylor.
Second District — Mrs. M. V. Dunn and
Robert F. Burns.
Third District— E. L. Brigge and Miss
M. A. Thompson.
Fourth District — Robert Thompson and
Mrs. H. H. Luce.
Fifth District— C. A. Tupper and J. B.
Kinney.
Sixth District— O. S. Westover and A. F.
M. Strong.
Seventh District— Dr. Isaac Jewell and
Mrs. A. C. Jewell.
General delegates— F. C. Coy, A. J.
I Steiner, J. EL McComas, M. B. llarris, M.
| J. Hall, T. L. Hierlihy, Rev. H. C Culton
and C. B. Williams.
The report was adopted without a dis
senting vote, and the incoming State
Central Committee was empowered to ac
cept the declinations of any of those
I named by the committee and appoint
j oti.ers in their places.
At this juncture Miss Susan B. Anthony
came into the hall and was invited to the
platform by Chairman Dunn. As she
! stepped forward and was introduced by the
| chairman the entire audience stood to greet
her. Before commencing her address the
plank that the committee proposed to re-
I port later on woman's suffrage was read.
Miss Anthony told of her experience in
j 1852. when she tried to speak in a temper
! ance society in New York. She said that
1 she was not allowed to say what she de
| sired at that time, and so she determined
I then and there to secure equal rights with
i men to say what she pleased.
The speaker told of her labors. Bhe
formed a woman's organization, and when
its representatives went before the
| State organization they were refused ad
| mission to its deliberations hs delegates.
Then the women circulated a petition to
the New York Legislature, securing
26,000 signatures, but it was treated with
contempt. Now, she said, time had
altered all these things.
She said that the plank of the Populist
platform was stronger than that proposed
by the Prohibition convention committee
on platform, in that it declared that the
Populists would work heart and soul for
the passage of the proposed amendment
to tne constitution of this State admitting
woman to equal suffrage with man.
At the conclusion of Mi«s Anthony's
addre«s Miss Martha Thompson secured
the fioor and toid Miss Anthony that the
Prohibitionists did not need to pledge
themselves to work for the passage of the
eleventh amendment, as they had been
working for that very thing for years.
This statement brought prolonged cheers
from the audience.
The regular order of business was then
taken up and the work of selecting nine
Presidential Electors began. General
John Bidwell of Chico and Dr. Stephen
Bowers of Los Aneeles were elected dele
gates at large. Their names were received
with applause and they were elected by
The work of securing the other seven
Electors was not so easy a task. The fol
lowing were placed in nomination: Dr. P.
McCitrgar of Alameda. M. J. Hall of Log
Angeles, K. H. Luce of San Francisco,
William Shaefer of Contra Costa, William
O. Ciark of Drytown, Elam Biggs of
Colusa, Rev. B. F. Taylor of Napa, F. E.
Coylter of Sacramento, R. J. Knapp of
Halfnioon Bay, Rev. J. W. Webb of
Fresno, L. E. Elliott of Stockton, R. H.
Young of San Diego and Judge Thompson
of San Francisco.
A committee ol' thiee, consisting of G
D. Kellogg, J. E. McComas and Mr.
Haiglit, were appointed to select seven
electors from the number named. It re
ported tnat Rev B. F. Taylor of Napa,
Elam Biggs of Grass Valley, Dr. P. Me-
Cargar of Oakland, H. H." Luce of San
Francisco, Robert Thompson of San Fran
cisco, M. J. Hall of Los Angeles and R. 11.
Young of San Diego were elected. The
report of the committee was adopted and
the delegates named selected as electors.
While this committee was out of the
hall Miss Anthony was again asked to ad
dress the convention and the visitors
present, and spoke for fifteen minutes.
The next matter taken up was the selec
tion of members of the new County Com
mittee and they were selected in accord
ance with a resolution introduced by Rev.
M. Hall of Los Angeles, giving each county
one committeenian-at-large and one for
each 400 votes cast for Henry French. The
following were elected to form the new com
mittee:
Amador— Jasper Johnson.
Alameda— T. L. Hierlihy, T. H. Montgom
ery, Joseph Humphrey, S. P. Mead.
Butte— John Wills.
Contra Costa— William Gilfries.
Colusa— Terry Booker.
Del Norte— John Pendleton.
Fresno— Kev. J. W. Webb.
Kings— W. It. McWUitley.
Lake— J. Lundquist.
Lassen— E. H. Doyle.
Los Angeles— Dr. Stephen Bowers, J. M.
Glass, Key. Clarence Carlson, Rev. Emma
Bonder, J. Bowden, Hon. J. K. McComas. Rev.
M. J. Hall.
Humboldt— Mr^. W:!liam Campbell.
Kern— R. J. Pnillips.
Mendocmo— J. T. Stewart.
Merc*d— H. L. Cuns.
Moaoc— C. A. I'euse.
Monposa and Mann— Not represented.
Mono— W Larsen.
Monterey— J. Keinhart.
Napa— Rev. B. F. Taylor.
Nevada— William J. Newton.
Orange— J. C. Thomas.
Placer— George V. Kellogg.
Plunias and Riverside— Not represented.
Sacramento — C. H. Dunn.
San Benito— J. H. McCrosky.
San Bernardino— N»t represented.
San Dieeo— R. EL Young, F. McD. Green and
W. H. Summers.
San Francisco— C. B. Williams, Samuel Pears
and Mrs. Rose M. 1 reach.
San Joaquin— Mrs. S. C. Harry.
San Mateo— R. I. Knopp.
S.tn Luis Obispo— A. Culver.
Santa Barbara— < . M. U.dney.
Santa Clara— William Kelly, C. A. Tupper
F. R. shatter and T. H. Lawson.
Simla Cruz— Mrs. William Pringlo.
Shasta— Samuel Hilton.
Sierra— C. F. Withrow.
Siskiyou— F. W. Hooper.
Solano— Mrs. Jennie M. Cnamberlaln.
Sonoma— W. H. McGoon.
Stanislaus— tiarriM 'ii Turner.
Sutler— W. W. Wilber.
Tehamaand Trinity— Not represented.
Madera— H. A. IKnsley.
Tulare— Dr. William Whittington.
Tuolumne — ft. H. Barron.
Ventura— J. C. Hrewster.
Yolo— M. D. Hurst.
Yuba— Not represented.
After the selectiort of the members of
♦he new State Central Committee the rules
I were suspended and the committee on i
platform v>\ts read by J. Jewett of Santa
Ana, secretary of the committee. The
prohibition plank was loudly cheered, but
when that relating to the restriction of I
public appropriations for sectarian schools j
was read there «as so much applause that '
the secretary had to cease reading his re
port.
"You will give yourselves away," said
Dr. Jewell, as the delegates began cheering
a second time.
The report was finally received, but '■
action on it was deferred until the after
noon session.
The chairman announced that the new
State Central Conimiuee would meet at 1
o'clock for organization.
It waa decided to take up the question of
raising finances for the coming campaign
at 2 o'clock, when Chairman Glass of the
finance committee was allowed half an
hour to discuss the matter with the dele
gates.
At 1 o'clock t c new State Central Com
mittee was called to order by Vice-Chair
man Kellogg of the old committee. The
i first business of the day was tue eleciion
j of a chairman of the State Committee.
| Rev. Clarence B. Wilson of Los Angeles
: was placed in nomination by Dr. Stephen
Bowers of Los Angeles and Chairman Glass
of the old committee was named by Rev <
M. J. Hill of Los Anireies.
There was a close contest over the selec
j tion of a chairman, and finally Glass made
a proposition to the committee.
He agreea to :?erve as chairman until
December 1 for the sum of $750, this
j amount to cover his ext>enses to the Na-
I tional Convention. He also said that if he
I took the place he wanted C. A. Tupper to
|be re-elected as secretary. Glass' proposi
; tion was accepted and he was re-elected
| chairman. When the question of select
| ing a secretary came ur> Tupper was placed
I in nomination by Humrhrev of Alameda.
"I had a candi ate," said Bowers of Los
Angeles, "but there is no use in presenting
| his name, as I seeyouhitve a cut and dried
programme. "
| "Tuere is no programme," said acting
j Chairman Kellogg.
"I have no slate," said Chauncey H.
, Dunn, and at once every member* was
protesting that there was no prearranged
programme. Matters were setting warm,
when Hill of Los Angeles moved to ad
journ until after the afternoon session of
the convention, and his suggestion was
I quickly accepted. Just before adjourning
I G«orge I). Kellogg of Placer was elected
j vice-chairman.
When Chairman Dunn called the con-
I vention to order, shortly after 1 :30 o'clock,
i he announced that tne first business in
! onler was the selection of a candidate for
\ the office of Lieutenant-Governor.
Dr. Bowers at once claimed the floor and
| presented the name of Senator J. E. Mc-
Comas of Pomona. There were half a
dozen delegates on tbo ; r feet at once to
| second the nomination, and as there were
: no other nominations McComas was elected
j by acclamation.
Before beginning the work of making
; nominations for Congress Miss I. C. tie
! Verlins, Mrs. Knowles, Mis 1 - Whitler and
; William P. Miller were invited to seats on
the platform.
The delegates were next divided into
; Congressional districts, and they made the
. following nominations, which were quickly
1 ratified: First District, Key. B. F. Taylor
1 of Napa; Second District, F. E. Coulter of
! Sacramento; Third iM'Mtrict, William
: Schaefer; Fourth Di-trict. Rev. Joseph
: Rowell of San Francisco; Fifth District,
; T. H. Lawson of Santa Clara; Sixth Dis
trict, H. Ciav Needham of Los Angeles;
j Seventh District, Rev. J. W. Webb of
Fresno.
After working for an hour raising funds
I for the coming campaign, nominations lor
j the office of United States Senator were
declared in order. Chairman Glass of the
Central Commitee in a neat speech placed
the name of Chauncey H. Dunn before the
convention. It was received witn ap
plause, and when M. J. Hall put the ques
tion every delega:e arose and Dunn was
elected amid rousing cheers. Mr. Dunn
accepted the nomination in a brief speech.
After appointing a finance committee,
Miss de Verling, national organizer of the
W. C. T. V., addressed the convention for
a short time.
A telegram was received from Eau Claire,
Wis.. where another State Convention was
being held, congratulating the California
Prohibitionists on their efforts.
Rev. J. W. Webb of Fresno next intro
duced the following resolution:
Rewired. That our delepates to the National
Convention are hereby Instructed to work
most earnestly against any possibility of the
omission of h woman-suffrage plank in our
National platform.
The resolution was promptly adopted,
and on this point alone were the delegates
instructed.
The report of the committee on plat
form was brought up and caused more
trouble than anything else that came up
during the convention. It was suggested
that the platform in its entirety be adopted
without discussion. This raised a storm
from the Southern California delegates.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson vigorously opposed
the motion, and it was lost. The platform
was then read section by section. The
first, relating to the liquor traih'c, was ac
cepted of course, and that relating to
woman suffrage did not meet with a dis
senting voice; but there was trouble in the
air immediately after this, for the south
ern delegation was determined that the
platform should ena right there.
If. J. Hall of Los Angeles moved to con
fine the planks in the Prohibition State
Convention platform to those touching
upon the questions of prohibition and
woman suffiaee, and tack theother pJanks
on as resolutions, with the vote by which
they were passed appended to each.
Everybody know there was trouble
brewing w'.en they heard this motion. So
many wanted to spealc upon it that the
time limit had to te drawn, and only five
minutes was allowed each speaker.
Clarence A. Wilson of Los Angeles was
the first to claim the floor, and attempted
to show that an effort had been made to
railroad the platform tnrough. .
He spoke in favor of the Hall motion
and was followed by Rev. John A. B. Wil
son of Los Angeles, who said that while
those who favored the platfoim as pre
sented by the committee called themselves
broad-gauLe men, and took pride in it,
they shouli be classed with anything but
broad-gauge people. He was very bitter
against those who wanted to treat on the
various important issues of the day, and
insisted that instead of being wise states
manship, it was demagogy to try to
touch upon the issues outside of the
principle of prohibition and that of
woman suffrage. He told those who
favored the broad-eauge platform that
they had got into the wrong party and
that they should be in Sacramento instead
of on the floor of the Prohibition Conven
tion in Stockton.
Vice-Cha rman Kellogg of the State Cen
tral Committee was the next to catch th^
eye of the chairman. ''We s^ee now," said
he, "that it is really a test whether we
shall adopt a broad-gauge or a narrow
gauge platform. I have riaden on a nar
row-gauge railroad and I have ridden on a
broad-gauge railroad car and have passed
the time pleasantly on both, but I never
knew a narrow-gauge railway to reach
across the continent. That is what we
want our platform to do. We want it to
meet the wants of the people clear across
this country."
T. H. Lawson of Alameda then made a
telling speech in favor of the platform as
presented by the committee, after which
Hall of Los Angeles, who made the mo
tion to cut it short and leave only the pro
hibition and woman suffrage planks in,
secured the floor and fouprht for his mo
tion. As with tne Rev. Wilson he repre
sented the southern element that did not
want the broad-gauee platform and he
worked hard against it.
Chairman Glass of the State Central
Committee made one of the best argu
ments of the day in favor of the commit
tee's renort, and said that the platform
presented by them was the ablest that the
party had ever formulated. He said that
be hoped it would be adopted without any
chances, and that if this was done it
would help in getting a better platform at
the Pittsburg convention.
"We are a political party," said he,
"and not a milk-and-water prayer
meeting."
Dr. Rowell of Auburn and Rev. E. B.
Winning of Contra Costa spoke in the
same line, ttie latter taking pains to roast
the railroads and other monopolies durine
his address. Thompson of San Francisco
and Humphrey of Alameda both favored
Hall's motionand poured a little hot shot
into the camp of the enemy.
Finally Chairman Dunn of the conven
tion resigned the chair and made the last
ana most telling speech of the day a?ainst
the adoption of the motion and in favor of
tne platform as presented by the com
mittee.
"The silver plank will not drive any
voters out of the party," said he. "Weare
standing for prohibition, but if ottier
issues are right we are for them. I have
acceMed the nomination as United States
Senator at your hands, but if you don't
want to make any effort to elect me all
you have to tio is to vote for the pending
motion and cut off the party from the
issues of the day. The voters will say we
are afraid to face the issues that are vital
to the people or this land, and ttiey will
not vote for any man or any party that is
afraid to face the music."
It was very evident that the majority of
the dele-rates were with him, for they gave
him rousinc cheers at the conclusion of his
remarks.
The question was then put to the con
vention on the adoption of Hall's motion
to cut the platform short. It was lost by
a vote of 45 to 34, and then those who
fought the platform gave up and moved,
for its adontion as a whole.
Uev. J. A. B. Wilson of Los Angeles and
the members of the Fresno delegation
a«ked to have their names recorded as
against the platform as finally adopted,
which was done. Some of the southern
aelegation had been instructed to vote
against ar.vtb.ing but the prohibition and
woman suttrage plnnk«.
McCartrar of Alame<ia got his resolution
on the Yountville Home before the house
and it was finally adopted. Thompson of
San Francisco bitterly opposed the resolu
tion and said thai it was nothing but an
effort of some old Oakland soldiers to get
back at the management for having them
turned out of the home.
Mr.-. Taynton of Berkeley introduced
the following resolution, which was car
ried:
We view with humiliation and disgust the
fact that the State of California is active y en
gaged through the Agricultural Department of
the state TniversUy in fostering the business
of drunkard-making aud we protest against
tin' prostitution of the educntional institution
to the interests of the wine-growers.
This closed the convention and then the
State Central Committee gathered to finish
its labors.
Protection and Bimetallism.
SHERMAN, Wyo.. May 14.— The Wyo
ming Republican Convention met here
to-day to elect six delegates to represent
the State at St. Louis. After organizing
the convention adjourned until to-morrow.
The sentiment is overwhelmingly for Mc-
Kinley and the Wyoming delegation will
be instructed for him. The platform will
declare for protection and bimetallism.
There Wfin JV© Trouble.
BATON ROUGE, La., Mny 14.—Gover
nor Foster and R. H. Snyder were to-day
declared elected Governor and Lieutenant-
Governor respectively by the two houses
of the Legislature in joint session. There
was no trouble.
PROTEST OF THE T ROOPS.
TalueoJ Service* Rendered in Fighting
thr lUatnb-lr*.
LONDON, Kyo., May 14.— The meetin g
of the troops recently held at Buluwayo to
censure Earl Grey, administrator of t!;e
British South African Company, for re
fusing to promise that the company would
compensate the troopers for the time they
were employed in the defense of the town
acainst the rebellious Matabeles has had
the effect of opening the company's eyes
to the value of the services rendered by the
troopers. A dispatch from Buluwayo to
the Central News says it has been offi
cially announced that the company will
fully compensate the troops. This has
has had the effect of removing the dis
quiet among the people of the town, aris
ing from the threat of the troopers to no
longer support the company against the
Matabeles.
CHINA HELS RESEONSISLE.
England Disturbed Orer the Concession
at Chefoo.
LONDON, Exo., May 14.— 1n response to
a request for information in regard to the
recent cession by China to the Russian
Steam Navigation Company of a portion
of the foreshore at Chefoo. which was
claimed by an English company, George
N. Curzon. Under Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, stated in t?>e House of Commons
this afternoon that her Majesty's Minister
at Peking had sent a cable dispatch to the
Government at London saying that a con
cession had been granted by Cliina to a
Russian firm at Chefoo, by which British
vested rights were infringed. Mr. Curzon
adtied that the Minister's dispatch also
said that he ha<i informed the Chinese
Government that it would be held answer
abie for all injury to British interests re
sulting from granting the concession.
Cecil Jthnd's Must Leave.
BERLIN, Germany, May 14.— The
Neuste Nachrichten's London correspon
dent says that President Kruger Las
cabled to Mr. Chamberlain saying
thai the sentences of the members
of the reform committee will be neither
canceled nor commuted until Cecil Rhodes
leaves Africa.
NEXT TO-DAY.
u/hijper
>OOOOOOOOOOQOOO<
xxxx
Jiboutf
A YA V nQ *™ e & JCearny* Street Store
y d A y commences one of its biggest sales
X X X X """the biggest since we've been
X X A St ln business.
Some 1500 of the prettiest of Spring Suits
-""Our $15, 00 Spring Suits,
Our $15, 00 Snglish Jtfomespuns.
Our $15, 00 Uweeds in pretty Spring colorings.
Our $15. 00 S&lac* Clay Worsted Cutaway Suits
— 32 right, Clever 7Jailor>*97/ade SarmentSj
up to date in every particular,
Our <%ig
Corner Window
Ss full of 'em, St won't take long to find
1500 buyers for these 1500 Suits at
When people get their hands on the fabrics
they' ll soon recognize the values — done by us
only as a flyer for a few days.
Open Sveninqa,
Snap/iaets
(Sncorporated) ,
Uhe Frisco ffioj/s
Sj If* J3 and 15 JCearny Street,
34
ROUND VALLEY
MEN TESTIFY.
Claim That Littlefield Died
at the Hands of a
Mob.
HIS CAPTORS INNOCENT.
The Rope Which Strangled the
Vaquero Not Owned by
the Defendants.
IMPEACHING WITNESS CLARK.
Declare the Lone Ridger's Reputation
for Honesty and Veracity
Is Bad.
WEAVERYILLE, Cal., May 14.—Yes
terday, the twenty-third day of the famous
Littlefield lynching trial, was marked by
excellent progress. The defense . has
been putting its witnesses through with
great rapidity. It opened proceedings
in the morning with Henry Lance on the
stand. He was a member of the first Coro
ner's jury that investigated the vaquero's
death, and he testified to the character of
the ground in the vicinity of the lynching
and to finding tracks which indicated the
presence of eight or ten men. He said
that George Kindred, one of the prosecu
tion's chief witnesses, had told him on
coming to the trial, that their testimony
would be identical. Kindred, on the stand,
?wore to seeing only one track.
J. W. Van Horn, a kindly old soldier,
who is father of the defendant, Bayles Van
Horn, told how his son and Crow came to
tde house at 9 o'clock on the evening of
September 27th. Bayles wanted to go on
to Weavervil le and notify tbe authorities
of the lynching, but he dissuaded his eon,
and he himself rode through the night to
the residence of Justice Atkeson and
asked him to come at once and investigate.
There was no rope similar to that with
which Littletield was hanged around the
Van Horn place. He had accompanied
the party when the shot test was made,
and the reports ot shots fired at the forks
of the trail where Littlefield met his tragic
death could not be heard at the Red
Mountain House.
This test is considered very important
by the defense, as Walter Clark, for the
prosecution, said he heard three shots in
the neighborhood of the forks of the trail,
himself being camped at the Red Mountain
House, and mainly uptn the testimony of
Clark the case was brought.
Mrs. John M. Vinton, the pretty seven
teen-year-old bride of John M. Vinton,
took the stand and testified to having ar
rived at the Haydon place on the after
noon of September 27 at 3:30 o'clock. She
t-aw a party of seven men, among whom
were the constables, a short distance from
the Haydon place. This is considered
important by the defense in fixing the time
at which the defendants left the Haydon
residence. >lrs. Thomas Haydon, a pleas
ant-faced lady, corroborated Mrs. Vinton.
John Wathen, the 13-year-old son of
"Wylackie John," told of Crow's coming
to the camp in which he and Littlefield
were in the early part of last summer, and
making them a present of bear meat.
Crow took dinner with them and was on
friendly terms with Littlefieid.
Jo Brittan was present on Sunday, Sep
tember 29, of last year, at a meeting be
tween Crow and John Brown, in which
Crow stated that the mob fired about
twenty shots at Littlefield. This contra
dicts Brown, who had previously stated
that Crow said that 100 shots were fired.
Thomas Haydon, to whose house Vinton
went after being Bnot, was recalled and
swore that neither Crow nor Van Horn
had any rope of the kind with which Lit- '
tlerield was hanged.
Gordon Van Horn, a brother of one of
the defendants, testified to the examina
tion of the weapons on the return of the
constables. They were found clean, both
at the muzzle and breach, and there was
rust in the bore of Crow's rifle. Neither
had been discharged on the night that
Littleheld met his death. Crow's rifle was
a 44.82 caliber Winchester; Van Horn's re
volver a 45 Colt's, and the revolver taken
from Littlefield a3B Colt's. Neither of the
defendants had any rope similar to that
with which Littlefield was hanged. His
brother, Bayles \ J an Horn, returned to
him the same number of cartridges he had
given him when he started out to see Vin
ton tbe day before.
John Carmer, George O. Grist, J. W.
Grist, P. K. O'Farrell, farmers and stock
raisers of Covelo, testified to the bad repu
tation for truth, honesty and integrity of
Walter S. Clark, the chief witness for the
prosecution.
When the Littlefield case was resumed j
to-day at 1 o'clock, after an adjournment j
for the paying of proper respect to the de- j
ceased Juror Benton, Joe Gregory, who
had been brought to the county on a
bench warrant, was placed op. the stand.
Gregory has figured in Round Valley his
tory quite prominently for the last four or
five years, and he has his friends as well
as his enemies. He was arrested at the
same time as Defendants Crow and Van
Horn, and was held for trial by the Justice
of Weaverville Township. Gregory was
discharged by the court on the ground that
there was not sufficient evidence to war
rant holding him for trial for the murder
of Jack Littlefield.
His appearance on the stand drew a
crowded courtroom, as it was thought per
haps the prosecution might have some
thing sensational in the way of a surprise.
However, nothing of a startling nature !
was disclosed. The old story of time, dis- j
tances anil trails wa3 gone over again and
again without much effect. The trend of
the prosecution questions seemed to be to
ward showing that Gregory was one of the
mob. If this was their object they got but
little assistance from Gregory, who was on
the stand for something over two hours, j
but nothing of any importance was devel- !
oued under the most searching questions. I
Gregory testified that he carried a
08-caiiber Winchester rifle and a 41-caliber
Remington pistol on the day that Little
ik-ld was killed.
John Haydon, a brother of Thomas
Haydon, whose place has become his- j
torical, next took the stand, and testified I
to a conversation with Crow at Covelo in j
Aleck Perry's saloon, some time in 18M,
at which time Crow said that Littlefield, '•
Palmer and Gregory had robbed and
burned his camp, aud that he would do
them up if they aid not stop their rob- i
bing. On cross-examination his memory
proved very treacherous, he not being able
to give the date of his marripge.
THE PRATHER RANCH TRAGEDY.
liodies of the Ticthns Jirought to Trek a
by f/»c Coroner.
YREKA, &£., May 14.— This afternoon
between 4 and 5 o'clock the Coroner and
other olhcials returned from Butte Creek
Valley, bringing the remains of Mrs.
Harry Schwatka ami her daughter, Irene,
who were so cruelly murdered by a China
man at the Prather ranch yesterday.
From those who were there it has been
learned that the tragedy was not without
a witness, as first reported, and that life
was not surrendered till a terrible struggle
had been rmide by the helpless woman
ami child, lie first attacked Mrs. Schwatka
with a *tick of wood, succeeding in cutlin<
her badly on the wrist, but she got atvay
from him and witn her children foueht
her way to a bedroom and locKed hers»lf
in, but even then she was not safe, for
with an ax the Chinaman battered down
the door and again attacked them, this
time with a rifle.
He shot Mrs. Schwatka through the
breast. Killing her instantly, lie then
turned his attention to the Jrirl, who had
hid Herself under the bed. He threw back
the bedclothes and mattresses and with a
stick of wood literally beat the child to
death. The little four-year-old boy, Fred
die was in the room at the time and must
have been overlooked by the murderer in
his mad fury, as he was not harmed. Mrs.
Schwatka had a revolver and had fired
one shot at the Chinaman, but without
effect. After the murder of mother and
daughter, to complete his fiendish work
he tied Mrs. Schwatka's hair to the bedpost
and left her.
He then went to his room, and, empty
ing some strychnine into a cup of water,
swalio^ed it, after which he retired as rf
for sleep.
A short time afterward two men, travel
ing through the country, stopped at the
house, and, noticing something wrong,
went on to the nearest neighbor and gave
the alarm. When they returned to the
house Mr. Schwatka had eot home from a
distant field and had gained entrance to
the house. The sight that met the hus
band and father's eye must have been
enough to have frozen his blood.
No motive for tue crime, so far as known,
has yet been discovered.
LIKELY FIGHT AT FRESNO.
Deacon Meux Calls Pastor Mere
dith a Liar and a Set-To
Follows.
The Honors Slightly in Favor of His
Reverence When Spectators
Step Hostilities.
FRESNO, Cal., May 14. — Southern
chivalry was aptly exemplified this after
noon, when Rev. 11. C. Meredith, pastor
of the South Methodist Church, engaged
in an exciting fistic encounter with Dr. T.
R. Meux, deacon of the church. The
fracas occurred in the office of Dr. Meux,
and was the talk of the town this evening.
Dr. Meux called the pastor a liar and the
Rev. Mr. Meredith jumped for him. The
doctor jumped also, and they went for it.
The deacon caught the pastor by the
throat with his left hand and ran him up
against the wall. While choking the Rev.
Mr. Meredith with his left hand Dr.
Meux began fistic work with his right. He
struck the pastor a round blow over the
mouth, cutting into the flesh. He was
about to strike a second blow when
Deacon J. D. MusicK, who was present,
caught his arm and restrained it from
doing further damage.
Meantime, Rev. Mr. Meredith was not
idle. He used hi 3 right on the doctor's
face with dire effect. He struck the
deacon over the right eye and the ring on
his finger cut a severe gash. He also gave
the doctor a hard blow just nbove the right
temple.
By this time Dr. Cooper came in from
his adjoining office and with the assist
ance of his apprentice-boy and Deacon
Muslck succeeded in separating the com
batants. Dr. Meux's wounds blpd consid
erably, while Rev. Mr. Meredith patched
his up shortly alter the affray with stick
ing plaster.
The trouble between the two gentlemen
grew out of church affairs. The congre
gation is engaged in raising money to
build a new house of worship and the
pastor charged Deacon Meux with not
acting as he should do in the matter. He
alleged that the doctor, who is secretary
of the executive board, had falsified the
records in regard to the appointment of a
certain committee for taking steps for
raising money. Dr. Meux thereupon
called the pastor a liar and the light re
sulted. Both are now very regretful over
the affair, although they etill entertain
strong opinions of each other.
AN EX-MAYOR'S TROUBLE.
Mrs. Lee's Charges Against Eugene jr.
Gregory of Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., May 14.— The
| preliminary examination of ex-Mayor
Eugene J. Gregory, who was arrested at
the instance of Mrs. Bruce B. Lee upon
j three charges of obtaining money under
false pretenses, was commenced in Justice
Henry's court this afternoon.
The complainant was put upon the stand
and testified that she became acquainted
with Mr. Gregory during the session of the
I State Fair in 1892, and some months later
she had written to him in relation to
! money matters. She wrote him because
j he belonged •to an old and well-known
j commercial family and because he was the
i Mayor of Sacramento. She desired to in
j vest in Sacramento; her old home.
In answer to her letter Gregory wrote
| her a letter which pointed out to her the
! advantage of investments in Sacramento,
i and offering to assist her in placing her
I money in a safe place.
Mr. Gregory afterward called on her at
| her home in Red Bluff and paid her
i marked attentions, and an extended cor
resnondence followed. Eventually she re
ceived a letter in which Mr. Gregory, after
j writing about some pieces of music, told
her his limn was willing to take $5000 or
more of her money. He told her that her
letters would be seen by no one but him
self. All she had to do was to write him
two words, "Gene, come," and he wonld
soon be with her. He toid her she was his
only personal correspondent. The writer
told her he thought much of her because
of her candor and confidence and said he
would never abuse either.
Several letters were introduced in evi-'
dence and the case was continued until to
morrow.
♦
Former Resident of Xapa in Trouble.
NAPA, Cal., May 14.— Ed Longan, con
fined in a New Orleans jail on the charge
of counterfeiting, writes to friends here
for a certificate of character and declares
I he is a victim of misunderstanding or
! fraud. He says he is wholly innocent. He
I is well known here, and bore an excellent
reputation. He was a railway brakemnn
on a local train here. County Cierk Col
lins and DisUict Attorney T. A. I>ell have
written to the Judge of the court that he
bears a good name here.
m
Extending the Salvationist Field.
TACOMA. Wash., May 14.— Commander
j Booth-Tucker held a council with Major
' Giflord of the northwest division Salvation
| Army for the purpose of considering the
sending of a Salvation Army contingent
to Alaska. The commander was enthusi
astic on the subject. Another branch is
I to be organized in the Hawaiian Islands.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1596.
SUFFRAGISTS
IN SANTA CRUZ.
The Women Have Posses
sion of the Pretty
City.
PLACES SAVED FOR MEN.
Good Papers Read by Many of
the Well-Known Ladies
in Attendance.
REASONS FOR WOMAN'S VOTING.
The Church in Which the Conven
tion Is Held Is Most Elab
orately Decorated.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 14.-The
Methodist Episcopal church was beauti
fuliv and artistically decorated for the
suffrage convention by the committee in
charge with yellow, the suffrage color.
Miss Jennie Mansfield, Mrs. Lulu Green,
Miss Caroline Hollingsworth, Mrs. F. E.
Carney and Mrs. J. T. Evarts did the
work. The beautiful hand-painted banner
with motto on the left was the v ork of
Miss Jennie Mansfield. Two American
flags occupied the opposite space on the
right.
Miss Elizabeth N. Yates was introduced,
and made some very interesting remarks.
She said she knew how anxious all were to
have the eleventh amendment pass, and it
needed a long pull, a strong pull and a pull
all together. We have set to a familiar air
new words, and want you all to sing "The
New America."
After the music and prayer she con
tinued speaking of the "Mass of Women
of Our Grandmothers' Time" who would
rather make tatting than learn the alpha
bet. But to-day we would blush to be
found as ignorant as our mothers and
grandmothers. A handful of women were
being brought to realize the necessity of
woman's ballot, and I hope the number
will increase. She compared the women
of the oast and present to the chicken,
who, after bursting the shell, said "How
is it possible I ever lived in that place?"
The woman in the future would wonder
"How is it possible I ever lived in that
environment?" She spoke of the new
woman speeding along on the bicycle,
and gave the old rhyme of Peter, the
pumpkin-eater, and the modern Miss I
Pumpkin who would not be content to sit
and sing to everlasting bliss, but would
burst the shell as the chicken and work j
with ceaseless activity.
We don't see any enemies in the field, I
but expect the woods are full of them. A I
bird flying along was shot by a man. j
Some one said, '"What made you waste i
your arrow? The fall would have killed '
it." We expect the scarecrow prejudice is
going to fall, but it will only be by the ar- '
row we have shot into its heart.
There was then a song, and Miss Evarts
made an address. She said: "Friends, in
behalf of the W. P. E. A., I welcome you '
to our City of the Holy Cross by the sea. i
Yon have come to our loved California to j
help us to liberty. Our society fs small in '
numbers, but stiong in spirit. We have !
distributed 3000 or 4000 leaflets, circulated '
petitions and finished study of 'Flak's i
Civil Government.' We want to represent j
ourselves in voting— we are tired of voting I
by proxy.
"I spoke to two of my employes, who
looked like intelligent men, and asked if
they were going to vote for the amend- i
nient. 'Amendment? What's that?' eays :
one. I explained, and he said, 'Not much,
I ain't going to vote for that. You women j
want us to do just as you want us to, but j
we won't.' No. 2 said, 'If women had !
the ballot they would close up all the
saloons. I know one who would vote for |
it. That's my wife, but I am going to have j
what I want to drinK."
Miss Yates said : "It's been my pleasure j
to listen to words of welcome in many
places, but none more welcome than here.' i
Mrs. Truax said: "I believe it a duty to j
our homes, our husbands and our children '
to vote." Mrs. Green read Miss Jennie j
Morgan's paper, she being unable to be
present. She said there wasn't enough
material in the atmosphere or in the earth !
to produce a female tramp.
Miss Yates said there were being i
coined many thousand pennies, but she
hoped and prayed they would not get here ;
until after election. Fhe knew it was not i
her begging but the generosity of the !
audience which would make the collection i
all she hoped it would be. The ssats in !
tne eveniug. she said, were to be divided, |
the center reserved for voters till 8:15
o'clock and the rest for ladies, giving th j
men a nice seat in the convention because !
a good deal is expected of them this fall.
Miss Ida Harper of the Clipping Bureau
in San Francisco told Miss Yates that of I
1300 clippings from various papers only j
twenty-live were against suffrage.
Mrs. Lulu Green told the old tea party
story, and asked if the women of to-day |
were not in the same position as those
men. She claimed they were. She be
lieved in a government of the people for j
the people and by the people.
"I've heard a good deal about the fore
fathers but nothing about the foremothers"
she said. She claimed the ballot not alone
on the justice of representation for taxa- !
tion. No one questions woman's right to !
acquire property, and ehe should have the ;
privilege of a vote in the expenditure of
the tax collected on it. She has the privi- I
lege of being punished by the laws she !
had no hand in making. There is so much I
objection to women going to the polls; ;
it isn't her sphere. What is woman's I
sphere? Men contended in all ages it was
to see to her household work and nothing
eise. Mrs. Green contended woman's
sphere is to do whatever her conscience
tells her to do, and do it well. Woman is
man's equal socially and sometimes more
than his equal mentally.
W. P. Netherton, City Attorney, spoke
on the subject: "Does tbe State Need
Woman's Ballot?" He made a short ad
dress very much in favor of the eleventh
amendment and suffrage generally. He
paid a graceful tribute to women and his
mother in particular, saying he owed all
he was to-day in tbe world to her. If he
found the men were incapable of handling
the reins ol government he would give
the women a chance by placing the ballot
in their hands. They stand knocking at
the door of state. Let them In. Some
thing is wrong with the men's manage
ment. Let's try the women.
MEETING IN SALINAS.
Rev. Anna Shaw Gains Many Votes for
. Suffrage by Her Eloquence.
SALINAS, Cal.,. May 14.— At yester
day's session of the woman suffragists Mon
terey County League, was formed and the
following officers elected: President, Mrs.
Mary L. Cutter, San Rafael; vice-presi
dent, Mrs. H. L. Bradford; secretary, Mrs.
A. F. Bullene; treasurer, Mrs. J. K. Alex
ander; corresponding secretary, Mrs. H.
M. Johnston.
G. A. Daucherty read a t>aper on "Do
Tax-paying Women Need the Ballot?" by
B. V. Sargent. Rev. Anna Shaw presided
over the question box. Last evening Rev.
Anna Shaw spoke to an audience of 1200
at the pavilion, which she held spellbound
one hour by a most logical and eloquent
address on woman's suffrage. Great en
thusiasm has been manifested and many
votes gained as the result of the two days'
meetings.
THE DALLES ROBBERT.
Thrte Arrests Made— A. Button. Leads to
One of Them. ,
THE DALLES, On., May 14.— Frank
Miller, John Templeton and Bert Bobbins
are the three men arrested at The Dalles
for robbing the Pestoffice there at 10:30
o'clock Saturday night. The mail pouches
taken were found. One contained a large
number ol checks — one for $8000, drawn by
the County Treasurer in favor of the State
Treasurer. Ocly about $750 was taken in
cash. Miller and Templeton were strang
ers in The Dalles, but Robbins is a resi
dent of the city.
An interesting feature of the case was
the arrest of Robbins. Postmaster Cros
sen, in company witn Sheriff Driver, re
visited the place at 8 o'clock the next
morning and found a button from a coat.
In the meantime the authorities had been
led to suspect a man named Bert Robbins
of the crime, and their next step was to
examine Robbins' coat. Going to where
he and his wife lived, at Mrs. Brittain's,
they induced her to go into their room
and carelessly remark that she had found
a button, asking if it belonged to him.
He at once unsuspectingly claimed it, and
on that evidence the officers arrested him
on a charge of burglar}'.
STANFORD'S STAR CO-ED
Miss Stella McCray Hangs An
other Championship to
Her Belt
Defeats All Comers in the Tennis
Tournament— Trackmen Working
for Their Eastern Trip.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
14. — The young women of the university
who are interested in tennis have just con
cluded a most exciting tournament, and
Stella McCray, '97, is the new champion as
a result of the meet. Miss McCray is cap
tain of the basket-ball team which de
feated Berkeley some weeks ago. She is a
good deal of an athlete, rides a horse like
a professional equestrienne, is eqnally
good on the bike and goes in for all ath
letics that a woman can enter.
At the last tournament she came out
second best, being defeated only by Miss
Anna Martin, who had held the champion
ship for three successive seasons. In that
match Miss McCray won the first two
games of the series, but failed to win the
necessary three out of five.
Stanford has several fine players among
the "co-eds." Miss Anna Martin, who has
held the championship for two years, is
also champion of Nevada. Then there are
the Misses Simmons, Lieb, Markham,
Hose and YYabster. Miss Marknam,
daughter of ex-Governor Markharn, is a
line tennis player, and has proven her
ability in all the tournaments since she
entered the university.
The next interesting tennis event will
take place during commencement week,
when a mixed doubles tournament will be
given.
The track men are tackling all sorts of
enterprises to make sufficient funds for
their Eastern trip. A vaudeville pertorm
ance is now being arranged, to be pre
sented May 19. It is intended to make it
the star theatrical event of the season, and
efforts are being made to get all students
to attend. The men are confident that
they will go East, and that the financial
part will not be wanting when the time
conies.
htudeuts are planning now for the final
week of the semester. Most ol the final
examinations will be (riven next week, and
instruction is to end May 22. Th« gradua
tion exercises and ceremonies will extend
throuen tne week following. On the even
ing of May 21 the Choral Society of the
university is to give its first grand con
cert. Tbe society numbers over a hundred
voices now, and has been under I'rofessor
Pasmore's supervision for the pa3t four
months. As a result a fine programme is
anticipated, and this musical treat will
receive a bijr patronage.
The new University Register is to appear
nex. Monday. There will be no very great
change. The evolution course will here
after constitute a subject in a department
to be called the bionomics department.
This department will include the subjects
of biology, zoology, histology and evolu
tion. Professor Powon will giro a course
on banking and on the evolution of social
institutions. A course on immigration
will bo given by Professor M. R. Smith,
and Professors Price and McFarland will
be added to tbe corps in the zoological
department.
STRASDED AT SEATTLE.
Story of .tin si., i Indians Who Claim to
Hnre Bern Bunkoed.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 14. — Fannie
Ensley, an Alaska Indian woman, is
stranded in this city, and an afternoon
paper prints a queer story of an alleged
confidence game by which the woman was
induced to come here and was bunkoed
out of $300 by an Alaska lawyer named J.
T. Hamilton. L. G. Tamaree, a full
blooded AlasKan native and interpreter, is
stranded here also, and the story he tells
is that the Ensley womnn went to Yukon
three years ago with Bob Ensley. an Eng
lishman, who came back loaded" with nug
gets. Ensley deserted the woman on re
turning U) civilization and came to Seattle.
The Alaska lawyer figured in the case from
this on and is "said to have induced the
woman to put up $10<) as a fee and $200
more for expenses, when the trio boarded
the Al-Ki and came to hunt Enaley, the
woman being led to believe she could forci
bly curry him back to Alaska.
By the help of the police and detectives
hnsley was found yesterday, but was at
tending to business" Hamilton tried ap
parently to get away, but to-day was got
into a room and searched by Tamaree,
who only recovered a watch and ring.
These the Indian will pawn to get money
enough to take himself and the woman
back to Alaska. An effort was made to
have the lawyer arrested to-day, but he
appeared and promised the City "Attorney
to furnish transportation for the parties to
get back to the north.
■* j
Will Accept Pugrt Sound. Drydock. I
SEATTLE. Wash., May 14.-A private
dispatch received here to-day from Wash
ington City says: "Senator Squire of
Washington saw the Secretary of the Nary
this morning and ascertained that the de
partment has practically decided to accept
the Puget Sound drydock. The dock was
recently examined at the time the Mon
terey was docked, and it is evident that
their report has reached Wushington City
and been acted upon."
EVENTS OF A DAY
AT LOS ANGELES,
Big Purchase of Property
by the Southern
Pacific.
FOUR ACRES IN THE CITY
Chinese Woman Shot to Death by
Her Countrymen at Santa
Ana.
AN ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE.
Mrs. Marion White of Oakland Tries
to Die in a Most Sansational
Manner.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 14.— One of
the most important purchases ol real
property made £ere for years was con
summated to-day when Fred W. Wood, J.
M. Elliott and Joseph Beaudry, trustees
for the estate of P. Beaudry, deceased,
transferred to J. A. Muir, division super
intendent of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company, the remaining portion ot
tbe Beaudry Water Works tract in this
city, consisting of about four acres of land.
The purchase price, including several lots
heretofore purchased by the company
from this estate, is $40,000.
There are eighty-nine lots in the transfer
of to-day, and they form nearly a perfect
trianele with San Fernando and Alameda
streets as sides and College street as a base
line. It is touched by upner Main street,
while the line of North Main street is just
to the east of it.
The company has been trying to make
terms for this land for years. It now has
a frontage on Alameda street of more than
1000 feet frontage, extending from the
arjei of the triangle to Naud's warehouse.
The railroad people decline to say for
what purpose this body of land will be
used in future, and even refuse to confirm
the statement as to the sale; but it is easy
to understand that it means a combined
passenger and freight depot in Los An
geles. This, it is known, has been the
plan of the company for several yeare. It
is debatable whether or not this very ac
cessible and eligible site is meant to be a
cite for the union depot this city has long
agitated and hoped for.
ENIPERSALISTS ADJOURN.
Much Work on the Closing Day— Officers
Elected.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 14.— The
closing day of the Universalist State Con
vention witnessed a prodigious amount of
work by delegates and officers of the
assembly. The matter of Rev. S. Good
enough's failure to secure $20,000 to match
a similar sum under bequest of Father
Throop of Pasadena to endow a chair of
theology at Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity was discussed.
President Conger read a letter from Mr.
Gocxlenouph of Oakland giving his version
of the failure to raise the fund by popular
subscription, and proposing to relinquish
his claim for $200 back salary while en
gaged in that work. The convention
passed the following resolution :
Etto'.ved, That the generous offer of Rev. S.
Goodenongh to waive his claim of $200, in
consideration of the condition of the treasury,
is appreciated, and we record our conviction
thai Mr. Goo<lonough has labored faithfully
and conscientiously.
Renohcd. That the trustees be Instructed to
use all possible diligence in restoring the per
manent fund.
The committee on nomination, of which
Major George F. Robinson was chairman,
then made its report. Balloting followed
for the election of officers, resulting as fol
lows: Rev. E. L. Conger of Pasadenn,
president; Rev. G. H. Deere
of Riverside, vice-president; Rev.
A. M. Spa-ding, secretary. Trustee
for vacancy Dy resignation of Mr.
Kimball, George F. Robinson of Pomona •
trustee for full term, T. C. Todd of Los
Angeles; preacher of annual sermon, Rev.
C. A. Garst of Riverside; committee of
fellowship, ordination ant discipline —
Rev. W. M. Jones of Pasadena, S. Good
ennazh of Oakland and Mrs. G. H. Deere
of Riverside.
The Young People's Christian Union
elected the following officers for the ensu
ing year: President, Edword Robinson,
Pomona; secretary. Miss Lucy Chamber
lain, Pasadena; treasurer, Miss Helen
Tresster, Riverside.
AN ATROCIOUS CRIME.
A Chinese Woman foully Murdered by
Her Countrymen.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 14.— From
all accounts a rno3t atrocious murder was
committed at Santa Ana in the early
hours this morning. A Chinese gambling
den and lodging-house has existed for a
longtime on South Main street.
At 2 a. m. piercing screams and pistol
shots were heard issuing from this place,
and officers soon after called to the
boss gambler inside to ascertain the
cause of the yells. The cunning gam
bler answered that they were from the
home of Spanish people near by. After
further inveptigation Officer Graham de
manded admittance to the Chinese quar
ters.
The Chinaman still insisted that he
knew nothing of any screams or shots,
NEW TO-DAT.
"At Sloane's."
WILTON
VELVET
CARPET,
Choicest designs, $1 10 per yard.
SEWED, LAID and LINED.
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS,
Best made. 75 cents p*r yard,
Sewed, Laid and Lined.
BIGELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS,
Finest quality,
Immense Line of Patterns.
$1 12},j per yard, sewed, laid and lined.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, FMiITRE, UPHOLSTERY,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
when the officer broke in the door. This
was the signal for a general scamper of
several Chinamen through tne rear door,
so that the officer secured but one Mon
golian, and ne of course knew nothing of
any noise.
On a bed in an inner room Officers
Graham and Brock found a Chinese
woman, bound with ropes and with blood
issuing from a bullet hole in the abdomen
and one In the calf of the right leg. Soon
after the officers entered the room the
woman expired.
In an adjoining room there were eight
or ten Chinamen, and none of them knew
anything about the matter. It is the sup
position of the officers that the woman was
tirst tied to the bed and then shot
The Coroner is holding an inquest on
the body of the woman tnis evening.
To-night she was found in her room in
a pool of blood and unconscious. Four
deep gashes were found in her arm above
the elbow. She was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital and has not recovered con
sciousness.
NEW TO-DAT.
Stylish==All Wool- 9
I Perfectly Tailored. I
I More than 5000 pairs from
I the great Assignee Sale of
1 the wholesale stock of J. I.
I Hart & Co., Broadway, N. Y.
1 Not a pair in the whole col-
§ , lection that did not cost
I more than $2.50 to make.
Worth $4, $5, $6, $7.50.
On Sale This Week. I
I f ¥
1 1 I Money back if you want it.
ML. Ml. %
Summerfield I
I Outfitters for men, < /$? £ j£\
1 924 to 930 Market Street. I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC (OIPA\T.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
TrMIM leave nml me <lno to arrive at
SAN I UAN< IS< O.
leavb — From May 3, 1896. — abriv
•0:00 a Nilcs, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic: Kspress, Ogileu and Hast.. Bi4»r
7<ooa Uenicia, Vacaville. Rum^ey, Sacra-
mento, and Redding Tin Davis.... 6x43p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga anil Santa ltos.i 6:l.Tp
■:30a Nilcs, Han Jose, Stockton, lone,
. Sacramento, Marj'STille. Red Bluff
and Sundays ciceptcdOioville.... 4:1.1?
•8:30 a Peters anil Milton *7:15p
«:«Oa ix>3 Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I. on Angeles 4:45
9:OO a Martinez and Scocfcton 10:15 a
9:OO\ Vallejo O:13p
l:OOpNi!e», San Jose and LiTermore 8:45 a
•I:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers »0:00p
(I:30p Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45p
• 4:OOi> Martinez, Han llamon, Vallejo.
Knpa, Caliatoga, 121 Verano and
Kiinl ,;i ltosa •:IO A
4:Mr Bcnicia, VacaviJle, Woodland,
Knighta li Hiding. Mai?svi!le,
♦ >rovillo and Sacramento lvt4B_
4j39i- Nile>, San Jose, Lirermore and
Ktockton 7:15r
4i3op Merced, Bcrcada, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:15 a
SiMf Now Orleans l'jXpress.Kresuo.Bakers-
ilel.l. Santa B_rbaia,J<OS Angeles,
. ' ', Detain^.', El l'aso, Nan- Oilcans and
East 1«:1Ba
s:©op Saula In ltoute, Atlantis Express
for Myjavo aud East 10:13 a
3z«op Vallejo 11:15 a
6:00p l'.aropLTm Mail, Ogilen and East.... 9:1.1 a.
O:OOr Ilaywards, Kilcs San Jose .. 7:15 a
J7:oop Vallejo 17:45p
7:00r Oregon ];x|>rnss, Sacramento, Marys-
v!i!e, Redding, Portland, Tugct
bound ami Hast 16:43 a
MAMA tlttlZ tU VISION (Xarrow Uange;.
{7:43 a Santa Oka Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal V.'ay Stations !S:*3p
■:15a New.irk,Centervrilo,.Sim.losc,FcUoii,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ; Bi9«p
•X:l9r Ncwav!r. Centarville, Ran Jose, New
AlmaUci), Fclton, ltoukler Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «11:3A A
4:15r Newark. San .Toso and liOs (ialoa 9:39 a
COAST DIVISION (Third X Towusrml Sta.)
*0:43 a Han Joso ami Way Stations (New '
Almadcn Wednesdays only) *l:15p
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose, "
i\~ ' SAnta Cruz. ■ Pacific Grove, and ■
Principal Way Stations t«:3sp
■:13a San Jose, Tics I'iuos, (Santa Cruz,
PacJIM Oiore, Paso ltoblcs, San
IjuU Obispo, Guadalupe ami Prin-
cipal Way .Stations 7:03p
!9:47a Palo Alto and V.'ay Stations fi:43p
• 1O:4Oa Han Jnsenud Way Stations... 3:OUp
1 1: 4* A Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
.*2:3Oj> San Jose, Gilrv>y. Tres Finos. Santa '
Cruz, Salinas,MonU:rey and Pacilic
Crove # 19:40 a
•.1::!«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations U:47a
•■a::jOi- San Jose Way Stations *8:00 a
s:3oi> Joso ami Way Stations »8:18 a
«::»»!• Ban Jose ami Wnyßtations 0 : ::5 A
tl 1:451* Baa Joan and Way Stations ->7:45p
SAX i.r:A.IJM(O AM) HAYWAKIK
i*o:OQ\ "1 : ' 7 r.jji.
8:O«a I tfljlsl
,O.»Oa Melr^«,B«min»r y p»rk, i'l'lst
'"loop Fltdibnrs^MiLewdr* »f:{^
13 •■* J H
is d>^ ' m
mS < Runs througli to Nfles. iajm!!
r>ll:lspj «giom»Uca. I ftagloOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrcmSlH mxCISCO— Foot of Market Str«et (Slip 3)-
Si tSiSS SSE: • Xso ° * 3:0 °: * 3::o
Prom OlEllHß— Foot or BreidwjT. — «600 800
10:00 a.m. SUM M:00 t2:00 *3:CO tiicO
O:U3r.M.
• Q..^^; for Morning. -p or Afternoon.
■ Sundajs execpted. t Saturdays only.
*»«« - «~ I Sundays only. -
It Monday. Thursday at.d Saturday nlchtaonly.
KORTR PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD'
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
*Rom Baa Francisco. i oinm. n ing March 29, 1898.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San P.afael — 7:CO, •8-00
•9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. m.: '1:15. 3::0, 4:15,
0:16. «o:0i>. ■. -3S p.m.
Extra trips ior Ban Rafael on Mondays, W»dnes»
oays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
Tot MIU Valley and A Rafael-»8i00, »9:00,
For Mill VftllPy and Sfcn Rafael-»8:00, »9:00,
•10:00, 11 :3J a. ;*••!•_ Sj vi :30, •2:15, *4:00,
6:«0. 0:45. 8:30 p. m. Ex.m trip to Bauialltoal
11 :'M a. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentln. •♦12:80
F. m. does not run to Mill Valley. .
THKOUOH TEAIN3. '.
1 _*5» p. >«. weekdays— and way station*
»MO A * >*• Sundays— end way stations.
■ ;0y a. it. Sundays— Point Kejes anu wav station*
Determined to I>ie.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 14.— Mrs.
Marion White made a sensational attempt
! at suicide this evenin? and is now in the
Receiving Hospital. Her death is looked
for at any moment.
Little is known of her past history, ex
cept that her brother, Oscar White, lives
at Fourteenth and Linden streets. Oak
land. Mrs. White was in business at
Riverside for a time but sold out and came
to Los Angeles, taking rooms at a board
ing-house, 309 South Hill street. Bhe had
no visible means of support, but always
paid her bills promptly.
Last Sunday afternoon she was seen to
act strangely. A watch was kert on her,
but late in the evening she was discovered
in the act of taking laudanum. Doctors
were caiied, and she recovered. Tuesday
she was caught in the act of stealing a roll
of bil s in the dining-room, and was taken
to the police station, but the complaint
was withdrawn.
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
SMFRAMSCOWTHPA.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS^7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. X • 12:3 a.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thnrsdays-Kitra t?!p
at 11 -.30 p.m. Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:50
and 11 :30 p. vc.
BUNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
San Rafael to San Francisco.
"WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 A it .
6U ™ob\^7s 7 r : .^. 9: •- Ua ° *■ »■' UW > B: **
0:0O, 0:25 p. m.
Between Han Francisco end Scnuetzen Park sama
schedule as above. ■»"»
San rtangisco. Incited . San Arrive
San Francisco. 1",, £ San Francisco.
:SIS 9 a g ucu. «■>: | W« ** '
7:30 a y 7:30 am Novato, 1 10:40 am I 8-40x5*
3:30 9:30 am I'etaluma, 6:06 pm'ioio am
-.10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Hosa. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
m „« Fulton, ~"
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
- ' Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am CloverdiUe. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Weta » ! '■ '
7:30 am Hopland & 1010 am
3:30 pm, 7JO am VKiah. 7:80 pm 6:15
7:30 am ~ 10-10 as*
_ 7:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 pm " iUAJ<
3 30 I 6:15 pm
I : in AM I : i!2 AM Son m » 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 0:15 m
i Glen Ellen.
110^^110:10 am
stasis connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wni
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skat;gs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Spring, , Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and LalcepSrt" a:
hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs- at
Ukiah for Vichy Spring?, Saraicg.i Spring*, Blut
yin? 1 *f U H rcl T? e ". I ' ale< '' Upper Xe ' Pot «
)in f- I nn^ a *a. Llcrley's, Bncknell's, sanho i-
dn£ \ , B » . 8> £ raye Iy Valley, Booneville. Green-
wood, Orr's , Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
fltfon^n S i 1? 0 "', Vsal - WIllet ». Cahto, Covelo,
Laytonviile. Harris. Scotia and Eureka,
ratfa yl ° Monday rOi 'ni-trlp tickets at reduced
r^d'a^ffiaS^MST 1 t0 iUI pr<nu b *
. Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic I^||iii&
sr del ni/
RAILROAD \ A";V%'^\>c|£ i ;
Trains leave from and arrive i^^rP^f^i'^"-
M Market-Street Ferry. '^^^^S^^tea
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
via Kansas City without change. Annex car» lof
Denver and St. Louis. , 
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Bolld Veitlbule Train Daily, with Dlnlng-can,
■Oder Harvey management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. M. dally.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dlalag*
**"* Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
_________________ Chronicle BulUliOf •_
■ 4&WNYSI
IS THE VERY BKSi' ONE TO EXAMINE
-L your eyes and nt them to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own Invention,
whosesuperlorUy has not been equaled. My _-»
i cess has been due to the merits of my work.
i Office Hours— l 3 to 4i-.it -ENDEAVORERS
AT SAN JOSE,
Over Two Thousand Dele
gates and Visitors in
the City.
BANNERS OF "WELCOME"
Carnival Arches Redecorated
With Flowers and Colors
in ProiusiGn.
OPENING OF THE CONVENTION.
Interest nt? Preliminary Programme.
Business Sessions Will Com
mence To-Day.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 14.— Christian En
deavorers havo been arriving all day, and
to-night the streets are crowded with
young people wearing the Endeavor purple
and gold. All the trains arriving to-day
have brought all numbers of delegates. At
3:25 o'clock the major portion of the dele
gates and visitors arrived on a special train
of twenty cars. They were met at Niies
by a reception committee. This evening
it is estimated there are 2000 visitors and
delegates in the city.
The headquarters of the committee of
'96, in the Y. M. C. A. building, have been
crowded with visitors all day, and the sub
committees have been busy attending to
the wants of the arrivals.
The different delegations are quartered
at the various hotels, and are distinguished
readily by their different badges.
Banners of "Welcome" have been
stretched across the principal streets, and
a number of business houses display the
colors of the visitors. The great Horal
arches of the carnival have been redeco
rated by the Endeavorers, and, with the
street decorations loft by the carnival, the
town presents a bright and happy appear
ance.
The Junior Endeavorers this afternoon
held a reception in the First M. E. Church
from 2 to 5 o'clock.
The carnival pavilion, where the exer
cises of the convention will be held, has
been decorated with the Endeavor colors.
The stage is a mass of evergreens, with
the words "California For Christ" across
the back of the stage, and the monogram
"C. E." formed with electric lights. The
sounding board over the stage has been
decorated and transformed into a mam
moth sunflower. Over 4000 chairs have
been placed on the floor of the pavilion,
and these with the gallery will give a seat
ing capacity of nearly 7000.
The convention was formally opened
this evening at the First M. E. Church.
The meeting opened with praise service,
after which William G. Alexander, presi
dent of the Santa Clara County Christian
Endeavor Union, delivered an address of
welcome, as follows:
Fellow-Endf-avorers: We have been looking
forward to your coining with the keenest an
ticipations of pleasure. It is for this meeting
we have been planning for the past months,
and if you are as glad to be here to-night as we
are to have you there never was a happier
gathering.
As president of the Santa Clara County Union
I bid you welcome to our Garden City, famed
not only for fruit and flowers but also for its
faithful Endeavorerß. We salute you as sworn
soldiers of the Great Captain of our salvation—
as comrades in the grand army of the Re
deemer.
We welcome you because you accept the
Bible as the word of God — as the unbroken
sword of the spirit, victorious in every battle.
We welcome you because you are pledged work
ers; because you stand for something. You
represent a fellowship broader than denomina
tional lines. We have the came purpose, and
our heart* and wills should be united and
our efforts combined on every field against a
common foe.
We welcome you because you stand for
good citizenship, pure politics and honest
government; because of enthusiastic sym
pathy and support to the great enterprises of
the church; because we believe this conven
tion will be a great power for good. Let us trust
and pray that this meeting shall lift us up to
higher heights and bring us closer to our blessed
Redeemer than ever before — a very mount
of transfiguration, where we may see our
Savior and hear the voice of our heavenly
Father saying, "This is my beloved Son; hear
ye him"; that we shall go from here filled with
greater knowledge, love and power; with our
purposes in life broadened, our enthusiasm
awakened and our strength increased; that
our lights may so shine that men may see our '
good works and glorify our Father in heaven.
To this welcome State Secretary Leonard
Merrill of Los Angeles spoke fervently in
response as follows:
No words from me are needed to express our
thanks for the cordiality of your greeting and
sincerity of your welcome. As to you, dear Kn
deavorers of San Jose and Santa Clara County,
in all the preparations and money expended,
as we have seen, we believe it is not only for
us but also for our Lord and Muter, King
Jesus, "whose we are and whom we serve,"
to whom we look as our guide and eternal
leader.
Henry Ledyard, president of the Junior
Endeavorers, welcomed the Juniors, and
wi»s responded to by Edwin Baxter of Los
Angles. The rest of the exercises were
as follows:
Consecration address— "Stewardship,"
R. S. Cantine, D.D.
Vocal solo, Willis E. Bacheiler, Oakland.
Consecration service — "Having Boldness
to Enter Into the Holiest by the Blood of
Jesus." Conducted by the State president,
Giles Kellogg.
Testimony service.
Vocal solo. Willis E. Bacheller, Oakland.
Organization and business.
Christian fellowship interchange, "Blest
Be the Tie That Binds."
Music.
Rest prayer circles. Six simultaneous
appointments.
To-morrow morning tne business ses
sions of the convention will commence.
CHAHGEJt WITH IXBAXITV.
jjarne*^ Cannon Jtnnnnd* a lirace of Re-
volven at the PloKea Stntion.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May i4.-Jamea Can
ncn, who has been confined at the City
Prison for a couple of days, has been
charged with Insanity. Last Tuesday
evening Cannon walked into the police
station and asked fora coupie of revolvers,
saying he had arrived from The DaJles, Or.,
bavinc walked the entire distance in
twenty-four hours. He also stated be was
a train-robher and had been associated
with the Youngers and th? James boy?.
He w&s at once iocked up, and to-day
Captain Gould swore to aa insanity charee.
Cannon is about 45 years of age and has
the appearance of a laborer.
■«
COUNCIL SHAT CONTENTEN.
Irregularities Charged in the Fifth and
Sixth Precinct*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 14.— P. Fay, a
candidate for Councilman from the Second
Ward at the last city election, to-day filed
a suit in the Superior Court contesting the
right of Homer Prindle to a seat in the
Council from the Second Ward. Prindle
was declared elected over Fay by thirteen
votes. It is alleged that the election board
of the Fifth and Sixth precincts were
guilty of malconduct, negligence and care
lessness and returned sixteen votes for
l'rindle that should have been counted for
contestant. .
CHICO ASSASSINS.
Frank Heckart Shot at Twice While Rid-
ing Home At Atght.
CHICO, Cal., May 14. — Last evening
Frank B. Heckartrode over from his home
in Clear Creek to Pentz. He was return
ing about 10 o'clock in the evening when
his horse suddenly sprang to one side and
a bullet whizzed close to his head. The
horse sprang forward and the rider leaned
over a^ low as possible, but a second bullet
was tired which seemed to almost touch
his back. The would-be assassins were
two in number and were standing close to
the road. The flash of a pistol enabled
Heckart to see a man holding a pistol in
both hands and another man standing
alongside of him, but their hats were pulled
down so low over their faces that he was
not able to recognize them.
CHICO NEW CHERCH.
Episcopalians Stfet, Organize and Elect
Officers.
CHICO, Cal.. May 14.— A large number
of the " leading and wealthy citizens of
Chico organized an Episcopal church con
gregation last evening. Rev. A. George of
Yreta has given two highly interesting
sermons herp. It was decided to name
the church the St. John Chapel. The first
services will be held in Chico Sunday,
June", IS9G. The following officers were
elected: Church warden, G. H. Taylor;
secretary, L. G. Faulkner; treasurer,
Charles Faulkner. A ladies' guild was
also organized, with the following officers:
President, Mrs. I. Stansbury; vice-presi
dent, Mrs. Helen M. Tilden; treasurer.
Mrs. Charles Faulkner; secietarv, Mrs.
C. B. Swain.
PREVIOUS CHARACTER.
Mr. Highton Trying to Find Out What
Kind of a Woman Sirs. Ashley
Was.
For the first time since the trial betran
the character of Miss Lillian Ashley before
she met E. J. Baldwin has been inquired
into. Mr. Highton in his cross-examina
tion yesterday asked her some very perti
nent questions regarding her experiences
before she met Baldwin.
The questions were not let go without
much opposition from counsel for plaintiff,
and as the cross-examination progressed
lawbooks piled higher and higher on the
icbles before the court.
Judge Slack repeated nis desire that
some court other than his own should try
the case, or that a jury be impaneled,
but counsel were unwilling to transfer the
suit, and the plaintiff is still without
means enough to put up the fees, so the
action must continue where it is.
AFTER BALDWIN'S SCALP.
A Stranger Visits the Marshal and
Threatens Him With Violence.
United States Marshal Barry Baldwin
listened to a man call him all sorts of
unpleasant names yesterday mornir.g,
and he neither resented it nor had the
fellow put out of the office. The reason of
Barry's quiet submission was that he had
loaned his gun to a friend, and he also en
tertained" the feeling that the fellow doing
the talking had a bomb up his sleeve.
Shortly after the Marshal's office opened
a big fellow with rusty knuckles and a
soiled shirt walked in and demanded to
see Mr. Baldwin.
He gave the glassy eye to Mr. Ferris
when that gentleman offered him the glad
hand.
"It's Baldwin I want," he shouted.
"Where is Baldwin?"
Barry was within arm's reach, but Fer
ris, not knowing just how his superior was
fixed, replied that the Marshal was out;
in fact, he would not be in for a couple of
days.
Then the stranger turned himself loose.
He said all manner of unpleasant things
about Sacramento — soldiers and strikers
and other matters before tne public two
years ago. He threatened the Marshal
with all sorts of vengeance, and then tell
ing Mr. Ferris that he would call again
backed out of the room and disappeared
aown the long corridor.
"Well, I'm— ," said Marshal Baldwin,
as he drew a long breath, the first since
the fellow entered the room.
The man is not known around the Fed
eral building. He is supposed to be a
crank with a grievance resulting from the
railroad strike of 1894.
REPUBLICAN COUNCILS.
The County Committee's Brief Monthly
Sleeting.
The regular monthly meeting of the Re
publican County Committee in Shiels
building last evening was a brief one, only
a little routine business being transacted.
Chairman C. W. Manwaring, Secretary
Jackson, and twelve other county com
mitteemen were present
The only business of importance was
the announcement by Chairman Manwar
ing of several appointments to standing
committees to nil vacancies caused by
resignations or otherwise. For the vacan
cies on the executive committee caused by
the late resignations of Messrs. Prender
cast and Watson and the death of J. E.
Donovan. Grove P. Ayers. John Brown
ing and Charles C. Clear were named.
The committee on club organization was
filled by the appointment of P. J.Walsh
and G. Bacigalupi in the places of Messrs.
Prendergast and Watson, resigned. The
other member of the committee is John
Jackson. Grove P. Ayers took the place
on the finance committee formerly tilled
by C. C. Morris. J
The present is rather a period of rest
with the party organization, but it will
not be long before activity will be revived
in anticipation of the municipal campaign.
HALF-RATE TICKETS.
Visitors to Conventions Will Get Them
I'nder Certain Conditions.
The Transcontinental Traffic Association
met again yesterday in the Palace Hotel
and heard a report from the committee
appointed Wednesday on half-fares for
conventions.
If was recommended by the committee
that practically a half-way fare be adopted,
but it should be governed by certain con
ditions, which tue association should
determine.
The day was spent in endeavoring to
solve this difficult problem, after it had be
come apparent 10 the association that re
strictive measures ehould be adopted to
prevent the misuse of convention tickets.
The main bugaboo before the associa
tion was the s-calper, who would reap a
narvest upon these half-price tickets. To
make such a thing almost impossible a
plan was nearly completed by which
agents «t points of destination would
issue certificates to identified holders of
half-tickets. With cards of identification
the travelers would be permitted to retu'n
on their reduced rales. Under this pro
vision, too, scalpers would have a hard
task to deceive ticket agents and con
ductors.
Tue matter wIII be further discussed to
day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
EXTENDING THE SERVICE,
New Life Saving Station Just
Completed at Cape Disap
pointment.
Yaquina Bay Station Fitted Up ana
Now Manned by a Full
Crew.
The buildings for the housing of a life
saving crew, with all necessary appliances,
at Cape Disappointment, Bakers Bay,
were formally turned over to the Govern
ment by the contractors last week, and on
Monday the new crew took charge.
The bill authorizing a station at Cape
Disappointment was passed by Congress
nearly twelve months ago, but the delays
incident to Government work prevented
the contractors, Nichols & Crouthers,
Taconia, from beginning operations until
a few weeka ago.
The station consists of a main one and
a half story frame structure, sufficiently
commodious to accommodate not only the
keeper and crew, but such belated travelers
as may chance their way. The construc
tion of the dwelling throughout is designed
to make a tight and warm struct ure. avoid
ing inclosed air spaces, relying upon an
increased thickness of non-conducting
material to accomplish this result. The
:APE DISAPPOINTMENT'S PROPOSKP NEW LIFF-SAVING STATION.
floors are double with felt between under
and upper floor.
Just in the rearof the main building is a
small one"-story frame structure with attic.
This will be used as a workshop and storm
clothes room. In front of the commodious
quarters of the keeper and crow is the
carthouse, used for the storing of life-sav
ing apparatus. To the rU'ht of this cart
house is a well-equipped launching ways,
rendering it possible to launch a boat in
any kind of weather. All the buildings
described are built on a wharf which ex
tends some distance into the bay.
The station at Cape Disappointment
costs complete $12,000, the apparatus and
interior furnishings eating up $4500 of this
sum.
The station at Yaquina Bay has recently
been refitted and is now manned by a full
crew.
CONTRACTORS AT OUTS,
Will Schmidt and John Stutt of
Berkeley Indulge in a
Brawl.
Schmidt Is Arrested op a Charge of
Threatening to Attempt to Com
mit Murder.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 14.— Hostilities
were renewed yesterday between Will
Schmidt and John StuU, two street con
tractors, and before they got through it is
said that giant-powder cartridges were
about to be used as weapons. Last week
they indulged in an embrDglio over the
right to use a certain piece of land on
Wheeler street for carting purposes'.
Schmidt swore out a complaint for the ar
rest of Stutt and the latter to retaliate
had Schmidt arrested. This morning
Schmidt was brought into custody on a
charge of threatening to attempt to com
mit murder because of the alleged intro
duction of the giant powder cartridges
upon the scene of hostilities.
He is accused of having placed the pow
der under a heavy pile of stones and touch
ing off the fuse with the purpose of
causing the destruction of Stutt and his
gang of men.
Each contractor tells a different story.
The case of Schmidt came up before Judge
Lord this morning. He was present, with I
Attorney Nusbaumer as counselor, and j
Stutt was represented by District Attor
ney Snook. After the reading of the com
plaint, which charged Hchmidt with at
tempt to commit murder, judge Lord
decided to refer the matter to the District
Attorney to determine if it is according to
law to issue a warrant under such cir
cumstances.
This afternoon Schmidt swore out a
warrant for the arrest of A. H. Broad, an
employe of Stutt, on the charge of mali
cious mi&cbief, consisting of tearing up a
portion of sidewalk, which act Schmidt
claimed was detrimental to his interests.
"Preps" Run the Gantlet.
BERKELEY, Cal.. May 14.— The few
remaining university students in Berke
ley indulged in a mild sort of hazing to
day, taking for their subjects the embryo
treshmen who had come from various sec
tions of the country to take their entrance
"exes." All manner of sport was made of
the young High School lads, and the !
trick-ioving collegians did not stop at any- ;
thing save bodily injury to make it inter- i
edtinir for the "greenies," as they were
calied. All day long they were haggled I
and menai-e'l. especially by the members
of the sophomore class to bo.
The first thing this morning a crowd of
the "preps" were met ut the west entrance
to the grounds and pledged not to cheat
in the "exes" ; they were then taken to
the gymnasium ana had a fake registra
tion worked off on them. Several of the
innocent young students were invited to
the various "irat" houses for lunch by
men who had no authority to do s-o, and
in consequence, when they showed up for
the noonday meal they were given the cold
shoulder.
As a further means of "jollying up the
freshies," the sophs made them to run the
gantlet of a dozen or more men, who
slapped them bare-handed on their heads
and made them to stand on tables and re
late their histories. This last ordeal was
not enforced until the youths bad tirst
taken off their coats and hats and bowed
many times to their howling audiences.
Signs of every description were put up in
conspicuous places about the buildings
and campus, with the purpose of misdi
recting the credulous and unsuspecting
youths. Such posters as these were tound
tacked up on all sides: "Apply to the
Kecorder for Meal Tickets." "Recorder's
Oflice in Basement of South Hall," "Ap
ply to the Armorer for Your Military Suit
and Gun." "Library for Girls Only," "All
Applicants for Admission to the Univer
sity Mubt First Secure Privileges of the
Building? from Jiiuuiie the Janitor,"
"Please Remove Hats in the Hallways,"
"Lunch Served in Stiles Hall at 12 m."
Ail the gibes and joshes of tae year
were used in making iun of the freshies.
The same old custom of causing extreme
embarrassment lor those taking the "exes"
was given a new lease of life. No vio
lence was practiced, but merely a
lot of harmless fun was created.
Some of those who were being nagged
showed fight, but they were outnumbered,
and in consequence decided that it was
not best to push their side of the case, but
to take thir medicine.
An other Special Election.
BERKELEY, Cai~, May 14.— The third
special election in Berkeley this year will
be held next Saturday. The same measure
which has been vot'd on at the two pre
vious elections, tbat of calling for. school
bonds, will be apain brought before the
citizens for consideration. Tae third elec
tion has been called at the instance of the
Board of Education, and the amount to
voted for has been set at $22,500, to be
raised by direct taxation.
The board has issued a notice stating
the several uses to which the money will
be put if raised, as follows :
First— To build an eight- room grammar
school building on Dwightway school lot.
Second — To make a suitable addition to
the Lorin schoolhonse and lot.
Third— To purchase a school lot and to
build a three-room primary school build
inn thereon, west of Sliattuck avenue and
south of University avenue.
tourth — To furnish and equip such
schools.
The polling-pl.nces on Saturday will be
at the Kellogg school building. The polls
will be open at 8 o'clock a. m. and clo?e at
sundown. The jndgep of election v.'ill be
.1. Donahue and H. T. Greenough. W. H.
Waste will serve as inspector.
The general sentiment seems to be that
the issue will carry this time.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES.
Most of the Production- Are Nearing the
Knd of Th. ir >. a«ons.
"The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown," with Eddie Foy and his company
will run the week out at the Baldwin
Theater. The last performance will be
given on Sunday night. Next Monday
night Ada Rehan, accompanied by
Augustin Daly's company, will make her
appearance.
The cake-walk continues to be the sub
ject of most interest at the performance of
Primrose & West's Minstrels this week.
The attendance at the California is as
goo<l as when the company first opened
their engagement. Next "week comes
Hoyt's "A Trip to Chinatown."
"Faust" is nearing the end of its season
at the Columbia Theater. The bill for
next week will consist of Amy Lee and
Frank Doane in a new comedy by E. J.
Sivart entitled "Miss Harum Scarum."
"The Crossroads of Life," is proving a
good attraction at the Grand, indeed the
play is on« in which the patrons of that
theater revel, for it contains Btrong melo
dramatic situations which are well acted.
Each revival of "Fra Diavolo" at the
Tivoli proves that the bright little opera
has a number of perennial qualities which
continue to endear it to the musical pub
lic. The present revival is no exception
to the rule, and added to the pleasant
quality of the music the performance is
thoroughly satisfactory.
John W. Ransone continues to orate
and do the political star act to the enter
ta nment and delight of Orpheura audi
ences. Wood and Shepard have also estab
lished themselves as favorites at the
Orpbeum this week.
FUNERAL OF J. A. JOHNSON.
The Deceased Statesman Buried
With High Masonic
Honors.
Services Conductt-d by Worshipful
Master William G.enn Copeland
and Done Lodge.
The funeral of the late J. A. Johnson,
ex-Lieutenant-Governor, was conducted
with Masonic honors from King Solomon
Hal), Masonic Temple, yesterday atter
noon.
The deceased was formerly, a member of
Mountain Shade Lodge No. IGof Downie
ville, and the funeral services were con
ducted by Doric Lodge No. 216. ; William
Glenn Coneland, worshipful master, offi
ciated, and the Masonic choir rendered
appropriate selections.
The pall-bearers were: Doric Lodge-
Judge R. Ferral, Judge Walter H. Levy,
ex-Senator M. Cronan; Old Friends— J. C.
McCeney, Dr. T. T. Lord, ex-Sheriff P. J.
While, Judge A. Craig; friends of the
family— J. Daggett, Judge S. Mooney, R.
Taylor, J. Miles Jacobs.
. The deceased served two terms in Con
gress and was held in high esteem as a
citizen and a servant of his country.
» — m ■
A Seu> fifty. Mile Jieeord.
LONDON", Ekg., May 14.— At Wood
green to-day Chase, the bicyclist, rode
hfty miles in 1:45:33 3-5, the fastest time
for the distance.
AMATEURS SING ERNANL
Good Performance of Verdi's
Work by the Ziiiani
Society.
A Barytone Who Covers Himself
With Glory— AU the Prin:i
pals Applauded
Friends ana admirers of the Ziiiani
Musical Society almost filled the Bush
street Theater last night and their enthu
siasm brimmed over in tbe shape of ap
plause, encores, and such quantities of
flowers that at the end of the second act
the tenor, exhausted with lifting them
over the footlights, and seeing no room to'
stow away any more, began throwing them
on one another, like a load of hay, till re
called to the fitness of things hy the clap
ping and laughter of the audience.
The opera was Verdi's "Ernani," no light
task for amateurs to execute, but the so
ciety covered itself with glory by the per
formance. In the first piace, every one of
the soloists had a voice, not a microscopic
voice, but a good resonant organ, that
could be heard in the remotest parts of the
theater as cleariy as before the footlights.
Another commendable trait in the per
formers was that they all pronounced well
and sang pleasingly. As for the acting,
the singers threw themselves into it with
ardor which was not dampened by the
fact that, with the exception of the tenor
and the barytone, the principals were new
to stage work. The bass was so happily
oblivious to everything but his role th:it
at the end of one act he sang on heroic
ally, right under the descending curtain.
Another moment and he would have been
crushed before the agonized eyes of the
spectators if the tenor, with great pres
ence of mind, had not warned him of his
danger and snatched him from his im
pending doom.
All the principals were good, but the
barytone. Alfred A. Borlini, was a posi
tive revelation. As every one Unows.Verdi
has been kinder to the barytone than most
other composers, and in" "Ernani" Don
Carlos has a part which makes him more
of the hero than is the tenor. Aifrfcd Bor
lini both sang and acted the dramatic
lines of Don Carlos in a manner w..ich
showed him to be unusually gifted in the
direction of the grand opf>ra stage. His
voice is warm, resonant and dramatic,
and he uses it admirably. In the last
scene witn Elvira, in Don Silva's castle,
hi* singing is particularly passionate, and
his scene in the catacombs brought down
the house and had to be repeated.
Dr. D. A. Hodgehead, the Ernani, has
never done so well in local opera -\s he did
last night. His actinir has gained iv
breadth and ease and he produces his
voice with fuller effect. The weakest spot
in his performance was his duet with El
vira, in the third act; the sarr.e duet was
also the most vulnerable spot in the lady's
performance, for Ernani grew hoarse and
Elvira wandered otf the key. This was
only one mishap, however. As a whole
the role of Ernani was well acted and sung
last night.
Mrs. Elizabeth Mowry as Elvira showed
herself to be the possessor of a powerful
dramatic soprano voice, stronger in the
upuer than in the lower registers, out an
uncommonly line voice for all that, and,
barring the little Blip above mentioned,
| she used it effectively and well.
P. Lafrancni was a good Don Silva. It
1 was his first appearance on any stage, and
he was evidently slightly nervous. His
. voice showed good training, however, and
he sang the popular "Infelice" excellently.
The chorus shone more, perhaps, in the
performance of "Crown Diamond"?," eiven
some months ago, though it did very good
work last night. Professor F. Ziiiani con
■ ducted well and the whole singing went
off as siuo'Hhly as if professionals had been
, the pertornu rs.
The following ladies and gentlemen
• composed the chorus: Mrs. E. Bolla,
Miss A. Cavalli, Miss B. Coppage, Miss M.
(line. Miss A. If. Frey, Miso N. Hurd,
Miss Elma Lavezzari, Miss Linda Lavez
zari, Miss Marie Lavezzari, Mies D. Lea,
Miss Ethel Lyndhurst, Miss M. Mitchell,
Mra. D. Moore, Miss K. Dalton, Miss v!
Kappin, Miss O. Sollman, Mr?. T. Taylor,
| Miss C. Vincent. Mrs. A. Wilson, Miss
, May \V right; Messrs. P. Baurngartener,
i W. F. Harnett, E. Bottini. R. Kauffinan,
B. Boranda, C. Rieveley, Z. Boreiko, A.
May, C. Collumba, B. G. Ros«nburg, H. H.
Davis, Mr. Bchleanneer, H. Eh wards, The
onore SoMman. E. L. Filmer, M. Troniboni,
Phil Gibeau. Charles Wilson, A. Graham,
I Carlo Ziiiani.
Fatal lall Over the Bitnisters.
James Ryan, at one time the advance agent
of the Fassing Show Company and a well
known theatrical man, tell over the banisters
at the Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis street, this
morning at 1 o'docK and crushed his skull.
He was inebriated at the time and was on
the way to his room, having just come in from
the street.
As soon as possible he was removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where his death is mo
mentarily expected.
An Aged Woman Pardoned.
LANSING, Mich., May 14.— Upon the
unanimous recommendation of the Par
don Board, Governor Rich yesterday par
doned Sarah Haviland, the only woman
convict in Jackson prison, where she. has
! been confined since 1866 on a life sentence
for poisoning her three little children.
She will at once go to her daughter in
Canada. She is 69 years old.
very mark on your
face, every pimple, blotch, blood scar and
bad blood sign is an offense to your,
friends and an annoyance to yourself.
You can avoid these awful pimples by
using a sarsaparilla which contains no
iodide of potassium, no mineral or mer-
curial drug. Such a sarsapnrilla is the
famous remedy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla.
. If you are suffering irom chronic consti-
pation or from a bowel disorder, if youare
afflicted with Dyspepsia, you should use
the remedy that will clean the stomacn
and bowels and is not offensive. If you
use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla you will
suffer from no inconvenience, uneasiness
or griping sensation?. . -V ;
Testimonial.
The Edwin W. Joy Company :
Gentlemen— l mny not be able to tell you in
fine language the great gratitude I feel, but I
; can tell it just the same. A short time ago I
I was on the flat of my back with pains all over
my body and pains* in my stomach. I used
Joy's Vegetable SarsaDarilla for two weeks and
my bowels became regular, and I. could feel
that I was getting on. I continued : to use
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla until I was well
enough. to wort, and now 1 am strong again.
Say, God bless Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
It is a great remedy. • Signed, ' : ' -
CARL BEAUMAN, Stockton, Cal.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is the great
California remedy, of which so much has
already been said". ''More tnan 10.U00 testi-
monials are in tne office of Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. ..;. , ....  . I
. • • ■ • . . . SEW TO-DAY. V-VpT-- v'
P Twentieth* C^^^^S^
r £e,\turv| lM0!^ 2
£ Opens for Inspection 3
E Saturday, flay 23, 1896. 3
>o Afternoon 2 to 5 o'clock. 3
£ Evening 7:30 toll o'clock. °<
So Concerts Afternoon and Evening by The Emporium Or- ©<
L;, chestra under the Direction of Mr. John Marquardt. cJ
E Opens for Business
S Monday, May 25, 1896, 3
>o 8 A.M. <=(
CjLOJLOJUULO-iJLOJLOJLOJUUIJIJ
DO YOU PAY
HIGH-RENT PRICES
FOR YOUR SHOES?
If you do and want to save money on your shoe I
bills for yourself, wife and children try our Shoes. I
We carry all kinds Of Ladies', Gents' arid Children's
Fine Footwear. We make a specialty of Children's
.School Shoes, Ladles' Shoes for ordinary ever}' day '
wear, ana all kinds of Men's Working shoes, as
well as the finest grades.
%
The above cut is an elegant French Kid Hand-
Turned Shoe for $3. Soft as a glove; fits like a
glove. In lace or button, cloth or kid tops, needle
toe and V-shaped patent-leather tips, all widths
and sizes- Sold for at other stores. :V. '"
ONLY $3.00 HERE.
J|^j|M 51.50
We have font received a large invoice of Ladies'
Tan Kid Oxford Ties with tan cloth tops, pointed
toes and tips, hand-turned soles, which we oiler for
$1 50. They are neat, stylish and good wearers.
' "~"~ ~~~
1346 and 1348 Market street.
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
ALL DISEASE IS CAUSED
BY MICROBES.
RADAMS MICROBE KILLER
TS THE ONLY REMEDY YET DIS-
-*- covered that purifies the blood by
killing: the microbes in the human
body -without injury to the system,
hence it cures ALL DISEASES. This
has been proven in the District Court
of Travis County, Texas; Supreme
Court of .New York City, and Correc-
tional Tribunal of Paris, France.
Pamphlets. Microscopical Examina-
tions and all information at main
office • -V.V-
RAMS MICROBE KILLER COSPASY,
1340 Market .St., San Francisco.
I^B BICYCLES \ \
PHOTO MOOT A^D CARD MFG. CO.
Dealers in Cardboard.
MANUFACTURERS OF ■
PHOTO MOUNTS. \.
CARDS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS,
EMBOSSING..
RAGGED EDG'iNQ, ETC..........
ARTISTIC 50UVEN1R5...........
PROGRArtHES, nENUS ■;.
LABELS, SHOW CARDS, ETC..
m COR. OF CLAY Ai\P "SAME STS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD U«E I>A3IIANA BITTKKS. TUB
great Mexicua Kemedjr; give* iiy*lui *<ul
fitrength to tb«.b«xaal organ*
X 3
MARKET ST.SJ^Smgf
Iss^ds&S^& ?JAi!unnnDCQifiDcn" cup!DEKEii
I-dl^^ mMf^IiUUU titOiUiitlJ-j; hl^ reatVe fi ct * b! «
tort /^— < *-J sssr * .-— fc. _V ■•"■ "Biivtri* s«e»»j7 ■ *#l|ft B lJv'ital!zer,tQepre6crip-
■ iVy &r m%2 •«»?■ (S» tlon 01 a *? mous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ne£ '
9 V\\ rW V> "\1 vous or diseases of the generative orcatig such as Lost Manhood, '
II T sJmJ \l* rddtJJ Insomnia, I ';unsln the B;tck, Seminal Kiuission* N"»rvnri Dobiiltir
B X- J ■ V -;■: / Coastic^ion. ItstopsaniossMhr day or night Prevents quick.
ness of dtscharg|, which if notchockprt leads to SpennatorrhCßa and
■ before **o after |» St^a^g^^SS^SffSSS^™"^^ 1 - 1 * '
m . CCPIDENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. -:7i;i-
The reason fuifTprer- are not cured by Doctors is becuuse rfnrty per cent are troubled with
PromtatitU. CUPIDEXE is the only known remedy to enre without au operation. SnootpistimonC
al*. A written pnaran fop given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cur* .
|l.<X>a hoi. s!x for $5,00, by mall. Send for fbke circular and testimonials, —»••»
DATOL MKOTOINE CO. ( 1170 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. For sale by
••'■'- - -• - •,'.. .••••-■■■• BKOOKS' PUXKMAUV, 119 Powell street
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
life wmm (OMmv
OF MILWAUKEE. IN THE STATE OF Wis-
consin, on the 31s*. day of December, a. D.
1895, and for the year ending on that day, made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant toth 1 : requirements of section
613 of the Political Code of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of real estate owned by
thecompany $1,400,863 15
Amount of ins secured by bond
and moriK"'-'- real estate 69,041,112 24
t';i- loans - o ]>olioy-holder»on this
company's policies assigned as
collateral 1,948,050 00
Premium notes and loans in any
form ta'<en in payment of pre-
miums on policies now in force... 418,301 84
Cash market value of all stocks and
bones owned by the company . . . 115.636,201 08
Amount of cash on band in com-
posy's office 97.169 OS
Amount of cash deposited in banks 4,508,915 77
Interest due and accrued 1.36-.318 06
■ Rents due and accrued 8,987 71
I ISet amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection and of deferred
premiums :... 1,481.470 74
Total assets $32,902,389 64
liabilities;
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured < ■•I<v.vni«?nt3, due and un-
paid 55,216 74
Cluim* tor death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted, but not ■ " i :. *
due : 282,359,87
i Claims resisted by the puny. . . 43,844 99
: Net present vtlue of all the out-
• standing policies, romp ac-
j cording to the combined experi-
ence liibics of mortality, wiiu i
per cent interest 65.804,572 0D
Amoam of all unpaid dividends to
polloy-ho!dcrs 94,740 97
! AH other demandsagalnst the com-
I pany  108,094 01
Total liabilities $66,388,828 38
INCOME. ""
Cash received for premiums on
new policies during the year. $1,579,149 92
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 11,990,630 79
: Cash received for sale of annuities. 6. -PI 97
: Cash received lor interest 3,837,791 sl>
Cash received for rents .*. 109,042 23
Cash . received from all other . ■
sources 27.269 41
Total income $ 17,650,775 82
EXPENDITURES.
Paid for losses and matured en-
dowments $3,512,740 40
Paid to annuitants 2.554 26
I Paid for surrendered policies 872.671 38
| Paid for dividends to policy-holders 1,296.894 65
i Commissions paid to agents 1,543,571 62
Salaries and other compensation of ' -, ; .;r-
-i officers and employes except,
: acents and medical examiners... 306,198 26
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 899 91
Medical examiner^ fees ana sal-
aries 119,691 15
I Cash paid for taxes 194,323 73
j Cash paid torrents 25 000 00
; All other cash payments.. 782,119 16
Total expenditures during the — ■
year g8,656,66J 42
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT.
; Premium notes and other
; premium obligations at
beginning of the year. . .$467,540 42
| Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
I ceived during the year. . 89,664 60
$557,205 03
Deductions during the year as follows:
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in payment
of losses and claims. $22,756 17
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in purchase
of surrendered policies. 10,436 31
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in payment
of dividends to policy-
holders 66,639 64
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions voided by lapse of
policies 13,780 90
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions redeemed •■ by
maker in cash 26.290 IS
... Total reduction of
premium note account.. • $188,903 18
11. L. PALMER, President.
J. W. SKINNER, secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to beiore me this Ist day
of February, 1896. -
C. A. PKIDE, Notary Public.
"T A US ft n A !»»"▼* refreshing rot
I fti res si ri frult l°"°sp.
IPi Bit fill -. very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
• _ - • hemorrhoids, bile, •
-I M IT I C Bl loss of appetite, gastric, an«
iINHI 1 IT. la intestinal troubles and
I II U I 4a II headache arising
from them.
Anil I AM E. ORILLOX,
6 n I LLO PI 33 Rue dp» Archive!, Part*
WPilfcihiUHg. Bold by al' Droituu.
t-'^^^BSKSSt** 9 *?'- SF "'-" *• is a non-roisoncu»
4.<"jgßSo f9 * s *^~M remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JxSsSrcVllE.t?%l£B Gleet, Spermatorrha'a,
MS^W^ id i to s. lays. Whites, unnatural did-
ißßV Go»r»c:Wd g charges, or any intlamu:»-
it/a»ji no * to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
7*^j;PrcTenu coo-.igion. tlon of mucous niem-
fcSmTHEEvANSCKEMiCJi.Ca. bran> ' ? - Noa-astringent.
VS3XCINCIKNATI.O.C23J Sod by DrnjfeUl*,
U. 3 a 383™ or 9ent in P lain wrapper,
"QlTUFfci £ r ex P j Prepaid, fo»
0 H fl.-00. or 3 buttles, $2.7*.
■ Circular sent or. *•- nest.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- \T-
law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1620
I'ell st. Telephone.- "Pine" 259 L
56
CHARLES M. StiORTRIDOE,
/ Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally anil Sunday Cam., one we<-k, by carrier. $0.15
Pally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . .. 6.00
Daily and Sunday Cam, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
%KkXLY Call, one year,' by mall 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you point; to the country on a vacation ? If i
to, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to j
pour address. Do not let it miss you for you will i
miss it. Orders given to the currier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention
HO EX.TJJA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street,
felepbone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntU
1:80 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 1 i.rkiD street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
corner Sixteenth and Jlission streets; open
IBtSl 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
US Mnib street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
DOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Cooks SI and 82, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Aeent
yitlDAY MAY 15, Ib9d
IHli CALL SP£AKS FOR ALL.
The commencement season is with us.
Every harmony of the time is Repub
lican music.
To the college orator life is one grand
declamation.
■•
There is nothing compromising about j
Populism this year.
Tne apDropriation bill is big, but none
too big for the country.
Thy testa! Idea has blossomed in a way
that promises an early fruitage.
The festival idea is a good thing to keep
in milid until we get the thing itself in
hand.
No one can object to the establishment
of a park in the Mission. It is a home |
mission.
The Democrats seem to saw wood only
to get sticks of convenient size to throw at
one another.
The competing road will not only bring
the monopoly to terms, but close the term
of the monopoly.
Up to date no one in the country seems ;
to care whether the Chicago convention :
ever meets or not.
In a little while the political cuckoo will !
have gone to join the dodo as part and i
parcel of the dreadful past.
The transfer nuisance is one of the kind
the public will never net used to. The ir- j
ritation will be always there.
California fares well in the appropri
atioa bill, and the people will take notice •
it was passed by Republican votes.
Tillman's lectures in Kansas were so suc
cessful he is accused of tossing up a hay
stack of greenbacks with his pitchfork.
It will be agreed on. all sides that the
Grant monument should have b-"en raised
by something better than convict labor.
- •
Dupont's claim to a seat in the Senate is j
nothing like the powder he makes, for '
every time it is brought up it hangs lire.
The only hope of the Democrats to make
combinations in this campaign is to com
bine with themselves, and even that seems
forlorn.
People are content to have their eyes on
the St. Louis convention, but they would
like to have tLcir hands on that at
Chicago.
The comfort of the American home de
pends on the maintenance of American
wages, and the way to tecure the one is to
protect the other.
The graduates will soon be filling the
country with new ideas on the ideal re
public and the way 10 teach your
moiher how to suck eg_-s.
It begins to Icok as if the Cleveland j
letter declaring himself not a candidate !
for re-election must Lave been used for
gun- wadding and t-hot away in a swamp.
!t is noted that Governor Morton of
New York did not veto a single bill passed !
by the recent Legislators, and now some
people are praising the Legislature and
some are condemning the Governor.
Arthur Corbin recently presented the
New York people with 150 buffaloes for
their park, and thus it comes about that
New York City is now the only place in
America where buffalo cau be found in
large numbers.
According to the reports collected by the
Orange Judd Farmer the present condition
of the wheat crop is more favorable to a
big output than in any month of May
since 1891, when the harvest was regarded
as phenomenal.
There never was a time when all sec
tions of the country were co eager for in
ternal improvements as now, and that is
another'reason why the party which has
been always in favor of such improvements
should be restored to power.
In saying we cannot have a summer
fiesta in this City because we have
"nothing but wind and dust to accentuate
the season," the Oakiand Tribune clearly
overlooks the fact that we could have the
Oakland people, and there is nothing
windy about them.
The Democratic tariff has been about as
beneficial to the English cutlery-makers of
Sheffield as to the wool-spinners of Brad
ford. By reducing the duties all the way
from 25 to 50 per cent the British have
been able to increase their exports of
cutlery to this country from $407,000 in
1594 to $739,000 in 1895, and the difference
is just so much lost to American working
ruen.
Tbe attempt of the Southern Pacific
Company to head off the business of the
Valley road by offering low rates to big
shippers on three years' contracts is evi
dently not finding much favor among the
people of that section. The Fresno Repub
lican says:
"Tbe disposition of shippers generally
will not be to invidiously discriminate
against the enterprise which is Bringing
them relief from monopoly exaction."
CANADA'S ADVANTAGE.
Apropos of the movement in Congress
to withdraw from the Canadian railroads
penetrating the United States the privi
lege of taking American goods in bond and
shipping them whithersoever they please.
a correspondent of the New York Sun bas
published some startling facts and conclu
sions. From the report of the Secretary
of tue Treasury to Congress he quotes that
for the three years— lßo3, 1894 and 18'J5—
no less than 1,316,852 cars, containing 24,
-0ti3,329 tons of merchandise, were diverted
from American to Canadian railways
under the bonding regulations.
These goods, it should be remembered,
are transported over Canadian territory
from one part of the United States to an
other by railroads which are heavily sub
sidized, which are unhampered by any
such law as our interstate commerce act,
ami which for other reasons are able to
haul at much lower rates than American
lines can afford to charge. That is why
they control so large a part of the traftic
that otherwise would fall to American
roads.
The Sun's correspondent makes this
showing:
If the loss in earnings to American railways
was only 12}_ cents per 100 pounds, the total
loss for three years was $60,158,322. Railway
traffic earnings for the past three years have
been less than for the years 1890, '91 and '92.
If the average loss for 1896, '97, '98 and '99 is
no greater (if the bonding regulations remain
in force) than the average of the past three
years, the total loss for this decade will be
more than $-00,000,000.
The total gro&& freight traffic earnings of all
the railways k: Canada for the fiscal year 1893
was $32,935,029. For ten years at the same
rate it would Hmount to ,*320,545,203. Of this
total $200,000,000. or 61 per cent, would be
from American traftic, which legitimately be
longs to our own railways just as much as our
cuasting trade belongs to American vessels.
For the fitcai year 1893 there wero 173,370
miles of railways in operation in this country,
costing $11,443,888,892. The bondholders re-
ceived a little ie>s on the average than 4 per
cent as interest on their capital, and the share
holders less than 2 i>er cent, and vet we per
mitted Canadian railways heavily subsidized
by Canada and Great Britain to rob American
railways of their legitimate traffic.
By a like careful use of figures and logic
the correspondent shows that the total
passenger trallic earning? of the Canadian
roads for the fiscal year 1593 were $15,037,300 ;
that if these roads were denied the bond
ing privilege they would lose the freight,
and that in consequence they could not
afford to cbarpe the present low passenger
rates that brine: them so great a volume of
businerS. He estimates that their loss on
passenger receipts would be not less that
$5,000,000 a year. That is to say, deduct
ing from their total gross earnings of $52,
-042,386, $-'0,000,000 :or freight ami $5,000,U00
lor passengers, they would have left only
$27,0.3,966 as total gross earn n«s for 15,-
GQO miles of railway, or $1800 a mile. The
average bouded indebtedness of all the
Canadian railways is $21,000 a mile, which,
at 5 per cent, demands $1100 a mile for in
terest upon bonds, leaving $700 a mile for
operating expenses, rentals, renewals, in
terest on current loans, etc. Their actual
operating expenses in I*fl3 was $23(51 a
mile. Twenty-one out of twenty-seven
Oanadion roads did not earn operating ex
penses, because they had no American
traiiio. It can be easil\' inferred not only
to what extent American roads would be
benefited by tiio withdrawal of the bond
ing privilege, but also the difficulty that
Canadian roads would find In existing.
DEMOCRATIC ECONOMY.
Whether they have been so instructed or
i not, it matters little^ but Government
office-holders are having a good desl to
I say these days about the economical man
agement of the affairs of the Nation by
the Cleveland administration, as compared
■with President Harrison's management of
t!:era.
Let us see what President Harrison did
in the way of reducing tne public debt.
The fieures of the Treasury Department
show that during his administration debt
reductions were as follows:
I*9o $l'->5.000.000
3591 135.W0.000
188- 40,000,000
1b93 10,000,000
Total .310.000.000
Up to date the Cleveland administration
h,i3 not reduced the public debt a farthing,
but it has borrowed money on the credit
of the Nation, tke principal and interest of
which are as follows:
1894 (February) $50,000,000
Interest 10 ypars at 5 per cent 25,000,000
ISO 4 (November) 50,0<K),000
Interest 9y a years at 5 per cent. 23,750,000
IHBS 62,315,400
Interest 20 years at 4 per cent 74.778,480
IXO6 100.000,000
I merest 29 years at 4 per cent 116,000,000
T0ta1...., $501,843,980
But this is not all the Cleveland admin
istration has done for the country. Tue
income from the Wilson-Gorman tariff
act has failed in nearly every month to
meet the current expenditures of the Gov
ernment, and not only so, but the conduct
of the Treasury Department has disturbed
the commercial relations of the people
more than any other administration in the
history of the country.
INDUSTRY WAITS.
To use a commercial expression, the
people of the United States are living
from "hand to mouth." They are wait-
Ing for the end of Clevelandism before
launching out into new channels of trade
and industry. Capital is always timid
when threatened, and it is bold when it
feels sure of fair treatment. The cry of
"haru times" and of the "stringency of
loanable money" is the legitimate fruit
age of a want of confidence in the integ
rity and ability of the administration at
Washington to meet and provide for the
demands that commerce is obliged to
make upon the Government.
But public sentiment is now so strongly
set against the financial and economic
policy of the present administration that
ita overthrow is only a matter of waiting
for the coming of March next In view
of this fact, and the certainty of the Gov
ernment again putting itself in touch with
the business interests of the people, there
is enough of an encouraging character in
the immediate future of the channels of
trade and traffic to warrant capital in
seeking employment in business opera
tions without waiting for the formal in
duction of the St. Louis nominee into the
office of President.
The election of a President next Novem
ber who will be thoroughly in sympathy
with the best interests of the country is so
much of a foregone conclusion that the
people are justified in going forward in
the work of rebuilding the industries and
the commerce of the country. Condi
tions are still clouded, but the outlook is
full of encouragement The days of dis
tress are numbered, and they will end
with the retirement of Democratic rule.
ANOTHER BOND ISSUE.
There is foundation for the Wall-street
rumor that there will be another Govern
ment oon a issue before or soon after the
autumn season opens. The treasury gold
reserve grows less from day to day, and
the July dieburseuients will reduce it far
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
below the limit, if it is not so reduced long
before. Custom-house receipts and inter
nal revenue collections are likely to con
tinue to fall very raueh short of the current
expense and interest requirements of the
Government, and as there is no other way,
under Democratic financiering, of provid
ing for the deficit than to sell bonds, it
does not now appear how another bona
sale can be avoided. But one more issue
of bonds, unless it be a very large one,
will not carry the treasury over until Mr.
Carlisle is relieved by a Republican suc
cessor, and the taxpayers might just as
well accent the inevitable. Tbe bigger the
public dent the greater are the blessings
that are showered upon the people, Grover
Cleveland thinks.
But as a business proposition, there is no
more sense in permitting Wall street and
its Kuropean allies to deplete the treasury
of cold than there wouli be in giving
them ;he right to veto National legislation.
If Secretary Carlisle would reserve to the
Government the right, which is his duty,
of paying demands upon the treasury in
the kind of money he happens to have the
most of on hand— gold or silver — Wall
street would be careful to make inquiry as
to what kind of dollars it was likely to be
paid in before entering into conspiracies
with London gold-brokers to force bond
issues by carting off the treasury's gold
holdings. All issues of Government money
are good money, and they should be so
considered by the Secretary of the Treas
ury, but by some strange and unaccount
able process of reasoning, he arrived at the
conclusion that the Government's issues
of silver dollars are not good enough for
gentlemen like Belmont, Morgan and
Rothschild, and so he shovels gold into
their bottomless pockets.
STEEL WAGON ROADS.
The ucute interest now being taken in
roads in this State might receive an added
stimulus from the su< gestion of Martin
Dodge, State Road Commissioner of Ohio,
and also by Governor Grijgs of New Jer
sey, that steel rails for use by ordinary
watrons offer a brilliant solution for a
difficult problem within limited but very
Important lines. The idea is a railroad in
its most primitive form. It contemplates
the use of two steel rails of the thickness
of boiler-plate, each formed in the shape
of a gutter of a convenient width, say five
inches, with appropriate sides and shoul
ders, making it easy for wagon-wheels to
enter and follow the troughs. These
metal troughs are to rest upon a suitable
foundation, and tbe spaces between them
is to be filled with macadam for the horses'
feet.
It is surprising to be informed that such
a road costs $2000 a mile, while a macad
amized road costs $7000 a mile. These are
Eastern estimates. Whether or not they
will agree with conditions here is a matter
for-enginecrs to determine. This estimate
for a steel road does not contemplate a
double track, which in the absence of
numerous turnouts, or a good earth road
on either side, would seem to be necessary.
Even a double track would cost hardly
more than $4000 a mile.
Considerations beyond the original cost,
however, are equally important. Mani
festly a steel road would last much longer
than any other, and it is evident that a
horse can draw on such a road twenty
times as much as on an ordinary earth
road, and tive times as much as on a
macadamized road. It is in these items
that the great economy of the idea is to be
soaght. So great a saving in traction
power reduces the number of horses
which patrons of the road would require,
und that alone in a thickly settled com
munity would pay for the construction of
the road.
Such a road would require constant at
tention, and in many parta of California
would likely be impracticable, even on
level ground. This is because of the long,
dry summers and tbe moving of sand un
der the wind. This would tend to keep
the putters filled, and there would be no
rains to move the earth. On moderate
grades the plan would be clearly feasible.
In short, the peculiar conditions obtaining
in California give the suggestion an as-
I>ect which it does not wear in tbe Eastern
States, but that is no reason why the
matter should not be thoroughly studied.
Amone other possibilities which it sug
gests is the granting of charters to private
companies for the construction and main
tenance of steel roads in rural districts.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOREES.
The ninth annual convention of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Union, which
has assembled in San Jose, will not occupy
so large a part of the attention of the gen
eral public as is Riven to great political
convention?, but nevertheless it will be a
most notable gathering, and to a large
portion of the better element of the com
munity will be one of the important events
of the year.
Assemblies of this kind are the most
effectual answers to all assertions that the
power of the Christian church is waning.
The young men and women who will meet
at San Jose will represent a great part of
the intelligence, the virtue_and the earnest
ness of the youth of California. They and
those whom they stand for are among the
most widely influential factorsof our social
organism. Their actions and even their
opinions will have a marked effect upon
the whole tone of California life, and no
cause to which they devote themselves can
be considered as weak or waning even by
the most pessimistic students of modern
society.
It would be well if all clashes of people
would take more interest than is generally
done in conventions of this kind. The
work of the Christian Endeavor Union is
among the befet now going on in the world.
Their campaign of education is not the in
culcation of a barren dogma, but the
establishment of a practical beneficence in
the community from which all can derive
good. California has reason to be justly
grateful to the churches and whatever
other influences have inclined so many of
ber most gifted men and women to a task
of this kind, and will regard the conven
tion at San Jose with more than ordinary
pride. ______________
CURRENT HUMOR.
' Little Miss Sluffet
She sat on a tuffet
.And finished her biscuits and tea;
Then picked np a spider
That sat down beside her
And counted his an-tenn-aj. -
—Cleveland Post.
"Why did you break off your engagement
with Miss Bertha?"
"Because her parrot was always saying,
♦Stop that, George.' "
"But what difference did that make? Your
engagement was not a secret."
"Hut my name is not George."— York
Herald.
"Nothing succeeds like success."
"That's so; a widow can almost always catch
a second husband.*'— Truth.
"I hear you are going to marry a widow with
$50,000." .
"You have got things mixed. lam going to
marry $50,000 with a widow attacked to it."—
New York .Evening World.
Doorkeeper at ; Hades (speaking into tube)—
What ho! A party of bicyclists approach'
Voice(f rom within}— Tell them to take off their
sweaters and then chow them into tna scorch*
i ing-room.— Post-Dispatch.
■mm ii i iiiimi ftn r*ii«iinilfci m jnniPiWM^Bi^^B^BJ^^M^Ml^M^^W
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
There is a remarkable man at the Occidental
Hotel. He is Joseph R. Walker, the million
aire banker and mine and real property owner
ot Salt Lake. Probably between the two oceans
there is not a more striking illustration of the
prosperous self-made man. "In 1852 I
-nd my three little brothers persuaded
our mother, then living in St. Louis, to
come out West," said Mr. Walker yesterday.
"Our father and sisters had recently died and
my. mother was left alone and she didn't know
what to do. We boys persuaded her to start
to the mountains— just talked her into it — and
so one day vre all started out from St. Louis in
a little wagon drawn by two yoke of oxen. It
was a frightful trip to attempt in those days,
but we boys, who didn't know anything about
danger, and our mother, who was ready to
accept any situation that we were willing to
accept, pursued our way and took our chances.
We were six months in getting through. Our
oxen gave out at many places along the
road aud it was all we could do to
get them along at all. The long
distance from Ureen River to Salt Lake we
made entirely alone; there wasn't even an
other wagon to bear us company. We camped
at every green soot where the oxen could get
grass, and iinally. after great hazard in a coun
try overrun by Indians, we reached the Mor
mon settlement at Salt Lake. Times have gone
prosperously with me since then and for many
years I have been in possession of a very
large fortune, but at no lime since I acquired
it have I seen the happiness that I saw when
jogging along in that little old wagon over the
plains and mountains, when I dreamed dreams
of the money I would make and the positions
I would hold." Mr. Walker owns the Big Alice
mine at Bu tie. Mont., and half a dozen other pay
properties. He says the new Mercur district,
fifty miles from Salt Lake, is developing some
enormous mines. The Golde:i Gate mine tht-re,
he declares, has $10,000,000 worth of ore in
sight. He predicts the district will become
another Cooigardie.
J. D. Hanbury, one of the wild boomers of
San Diego and Lower California in 1887-88,
when the heaviest part of the population there
was eußnged in the town lot business, has
made a big strike again at Tokio. The amount
which he is said to have raked in is $150,000,
but it may not be so much when all the details
are known. When Hanbury was operating in
the south he had a partner named Garvey.
They became the agents ai. a finally the virtual
successors of the Mexican International Com-
I any, which organization claimed to own 18,
-000,000 acres in the peninsula of Lower Cali
fornia. They caught many a good tenderfoot,
for they so booniad the j'eninsula that land
around L'nsenada, over 100 miles below San
Diego, was sold at from .*lO to $150 an acre.
A lot of dizzy towns were launched, notably
San Carlos, Sau Quintin. l'unta Benda and
others. Broad avenues were cut through the
sagebrush, and gifted promoters sang their
alluring songs day and evening to_ woo the
good red gold from the crowd <f people who
flocked that way. An overland stage, with re
lays of fine horses, was put on. Everything
hummed. In the midst of this the bubble
broke, and people woke up with scarcely
enough to buy a breakfast.
Mr. Hanbury, who had some time previously
founded a watch factory at Otay, Cal.,
was floored as tlatly as any of h.s con
stituency. He pulled himself together, how
ever, after some months and transported the
watch factory to Japan. He took twenty work
men along nnd they proceeded to make watches
for the little brown men of the Mikado's
realm.
The factory was a success. Hanbury made
money out of it and finally he unloaded it to
the Government. The result is that Japan is
not only making watches, but has gone a step
further and iv now making the machiuery
with which to make more watches. It is pre
dicted that these samp watches will be ere
long coming to the Pacific Coast, here to be for
sale and compete with American watches.
Hanbury, who made the coiniortable stake,
has tone to Paris, on some new scheme, ii is
said, and he is expected to be bark ere long.
Garvey. his whilom partner In the days oi the
boom, disappeared somewhere in the East a
few years ago.
PERSONAL.
J. A. Cooper, an attorney of Ukiah, is at the
Grand.
Frank H. Short, an attorney of Fresno, is at
the Grand.
B. Suzakl /, a wealthy business man of Japan,
is in the City.
Controller E. P. Colgan of Sacramento
is at the Lick.
J. B. Kirkland of Portland was among yes
terday's arrivals.
Henry P. Starbuck, a wealthy resident of
Santa Barbara, is lure.
State Senator K. K. Kelly of Willows, Colusa
County, is at the Rubs.
K. Newell, a mine-owner of Tucson, Arir.,
arrived here yesterday.
E. D. Edgerton, a leading mine-owner ol
Helena, is at the Palace.
Press R. Davis, a newspaper man of Santa
Rosa, is registered at the Russ.
W. G. Sampson of Johannesburg, South
Africa, is among recent arrivals.
Thomas B. Wilcox, a wealthy resident of
Portland, is here, accompanied by Mrs. Wilcox.
J. C. Cooper of Auburn, chairman of the
Board ol Supervisors of Placer County, is at the
Russ.
George W. Billings, C. A. Billings and Miss
Billings of Cleveland, Ohio, are at the Occi
dental.
D. H. Arnold, the banker, and ex-Pheriff of
Colusa, arrived here yesterday and is at the
Occidental.
E. A. Aggeler of FerndUle. Wash., delegate
to the Grand Council Y. M. 1., is at the Cosmo
politan.
William Q. Murphy, attorney and counselor
at law and court commissioner for Yuba
County, is in town.
J. A. Hardin, the wealthy cattle and horse
grower of Xevada, Oregon and Idaho, whose
home is at Sunta Rosa, is on a visit here.
Robert M. Clarke of Carson, ex-AUorney-
General of Nevada, is here, accompanied by
Mrs. Clarke and Mrs. M. D. Foley of Reno.
Charles W. o'Neil, one of the early pioneers
of Wallace, in the^ Cceur d'Alene district,
Idaho, and tne owner of valuable mining
property there, is among the guests of the
Lick.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 14.— At the Plaza-
Mr, and Mrs. Bach; Marlborough— A. L. jbe
gine; Vendome— Mr. and Mrs. W. Andrews;
Grand Unioh—H. Adams, E. Boyes, J. Bryes;
Morton— J. H. Creely; Continental —J. M.
Brozell.
LOVE VS. WEALTH.
Cupid, bring thy tiny scales:* • '
Here's a human heart . ,
lain would Us.i among the sales
In thy busy mart.
Place it, with Its weight of pride,
Or If young or old, ;..'..
Place upon the other side-
Heap of glittering gold. ' - '
80! Thou dost not weigh the heart!
Surely thlsisj.-»t!
In thine love-enchanted art,
Lightest are the best ! ,
Cupid, truly thou art sage ■
All our thoughts above;
In the march of youth or age—
wbai can weigh 'gainst Love?
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
MEN WHO PULL TOGETHER
Oakland Tribune.
Southern CalUoruia, as usual, was a unit in
the late Republican Convention at Sacra
mento. Some of the delegates from other parts
of the State were disposed to kick against what
•eemed to them au undue influence. This lead
was perfectly legitimate. The chairman of the
convention, the Lieutenant-Governor and other
good things the delegates from Soutuern Cali
fornia wanted were conceded at once. If a
Governor had been on the list of nominations
he would have been selected from tDat part of
the State. Save for a little sectional feeling
noted as an undercurrent, such results are
altogether comme-ndable. It illustrates the
valuu oi unity— of a puil all together.
These Southern California folks first agree
upon what they want and then th»y go for it
with the perfect assurance of success, whether
It Is a business proposition or a political office.
They are ruling the State. They decide what
measures shall be supported and what ones
are to be defeated. They nsree first on a dis
tinct policy or pan of movement. In the end
tnat is the plan that carries. There is nothitg
to do for Northern California but to fall into
line a;-d work for the Drogramme which has
been marked out.
Now since Southern California has shown in
all its business methods superior management,
and since it is the most prosperous part of the
Mate, where is there any ground of complaint?
There is litre, however, more than a hint ior
people in Northern California. The south
PUlls together both in politics and in business,
me north pulls apart, and loses both influ
ence and buMue>s where it ought to gain both.
That is the whole story. It is not a ground of
complaint, butone for the revision of methods.
Cntil that is brought about Southern Califor
nia will have the best qualifications for leader-
THE PACIFIC STATES
Clallam County (Wash.) Courier.
The San Francisco Call is cer;ainly right in
one proposition and that is that the Pacific
Coast should have a Cabinet position in the
next administration. The electoral votes of
the Pacific States when combined are equal to
those of some States in the Mississippi Valley
which are always accorded Cabinet places in
every administration. It is only necessary to
compare the history of the Pacific States with
that of auy of the Middle Slates like Ohio,
Indiana and Illinois to see how completely
ollti r s BlCn haS bee ° left OUt of > * ationa " l
tJJ I^ re S son for ignoring of the claims of
tne Pacific Const Stales has of course been that
the people have not demanded anvthing.be
lug so completely absorbed in other lines of
activity, m this course a serious mistake has
been made.
P^fi future development of commerce on the
Pac he Ocean will make it necessary for the
welfare of the Pacific States in a com
mercial way to be influential factors in
the administration of our National Gov
ernment. The Pacific States cannot exi>ect
to have their interests looked after properly
in the trad* with Asia, Australia, the islands
ana bouth America if the National Adminis
tration is run exclusively by Eastern men who
are ignorant of our wants and entirely occu
pied with other interests.
The Pacific Slates want a respectable Ameri
can navy on this coast, and they will want
many other things from the National Govern
ment which they will never get unless they
nave an increased influence in the administra
tion. The first object mu^t be a place in the
i-apintt, an<l the Pacilic States must make a
light for that purpo.-e.
California naturally has a preponderance of
influence by reason of her superior size, but
she mil* t treat the State oi Washington
lairly, because her claims to recognition will
Pacin S "st°" beiDg re P reseutatlve of all th e
A KINDLY ACT.
I^os Angeles Labor World.
The San Francisco Call of last Monday con
tained h three-column review of the growth of
trades unions in Los Angeles. A metropolitan
paper that will devote tins amount of space to
organized labor in a sister city demonstrates
its friendliness to the interests of labor. Ac
companying the sketch were the pro tographs
of officers of the Council of Labor, President P
MeNamara. Secretaries H. E. Martens and E R*
Holman, President Edward Booth of the
«••»■ Ai " S( >ciation and President J. H. Mc
«illiams of the Labor Congress. The Call
under the present management has at all
times been friendly to organized labor, a
position duly appreciated both in San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles. That was a kindly act
on its part when it agreed to dispense with the
types<Uting-mHChines for two years upon a
concession en the part of the "s&n Francisco
Typographical Union of a reduction in the
scale. This last act in opening its columns for
a review of the growth of the different trades
unions in Los Angeles is Mill another evidence
of The Call's friendship for organized labor
DELEGATES AT LARGE.
Yieka Journal.
While Northern California did not succeed
in getting a delegate nt large to the National
Republican Convention, we are satisfied that
no two men could have been chosen who
could better represent the State than George
A. Kniixht and John r». Sprcckels. The former
is one of the most brilliant speakers in Califor
nia and is certain to be heard from in the con
vention. John D. SprecKels has made a good,
clean fight in politics in San Francisco, and
the entire State is glad to see that the better
class of residents in San Francisco are taking
some interest in oiitics and not leaving it
entirely to the old bosses, with whom the bet
ter class of men had no chance.
THE CONVENTION DID RIGHT.
Kern County Kcho.
Not a few good Republicans are disposed to
criticize the Sacraineuto convention for adopt
ing a free coinage resolution in view of what
the National Convention is practically sure to
say on that subject But our State did exactly
rigbt. California RepublicAus favor free coin
age; if Indiana or Ohio Republicans take a
different view of the situation let each give
full expression toils views, and then out of the
whole voice the National gathering can gather
the correct consensus of opinion and give ex
pression to the wishes of the majority. If
county and State conventions were i»um on
all mat Uts oi party policy tne National meet
ing would be in total darkness.
A PRETTY SHIRT WAIST.
An excellent and dainty model for a lady's
shirt waist, and one of the most used, is shown
here. The design includes both standing and
turn-over collars, as may be preferred.
Any cotton fabric of heavy or medium weight
is suitable for this useful waist.
The collar and cuffi may be made detach-
able or sewn to the waist. The former plan is
the belter, as one may have two sets for one
waist and so get double the amount of wear,
as cuffs and collars soil fl n-t.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Countess of Dunraven sings in the vil
lage choir.
The Vanderbilts, Astors and Mackays have
all had divorces in their families.
King Alfonso of Spain will be 10 years old
this month. He can hardly expect many happy
returns from Cuba.
Mqcola Morra, one of Italy's worst brigands,
has surrendered to the police. He wore relics
of the saints at his neck and knives at his
belt.
Countess Hartenau, the morganatic widow
of the late Prir.ce Alexander of Bftttenberg, ia
about to marry au Austrian officer of high
rank.
Thomas Moran, a New York policeman, died
and left an estate of $75,000, which Is now
being contested for by an army of relatives
and strangers.
Sir William Priestly, grand nephew of Dr.
Joseph Priestly, the discovererof oxygen, is the
, Unionist candidate for Parliament from the
universities of Edinburgh and St. Andrew.
Harner Barnato hns become the hero of a
play. Under the name of Bailey Prothero he
is the central figure In "The Rogue's Comedy,"
by Henry Arthur Jones. As the title indicates
the picture drawn of the renowned money
maker is not a flattering one.
Colonel Wauchope, commanding the Second
Black Waich, tells a good story about Ijis mid
shipman days in the navy. He said they once
lanacd at Cherbourg to play cricket and so
mystified the Frenchmen that they almost
interfered to stop the game. They thought the
putting up of the stumps and balls was a new
mode of surveying directed against the defense
of the military port.
MINISTER EDWIN DUN.
All Nonsense, He Says, About
Japan Invading Us With
Labor.
People Interested in B cycles Have
Flooded Mr. Dun With Inquiries
by Myriads.
Edwin Dun of Ohio, United States Min
ister to Japan, who has arrived I.ere after
three years' absence »s the representative
of this Government in the land of the
Mikado, has a fund of curious informa
tion regarding that country. He lived
there many years before he was appointed
Minister, though at one time he was Sec
retary of the Embassy and at another
acting Charge d'Affaires.
The Minister has grown bigger, or rather
stouter, during the last three years.
"The supposition that Japan had grown
arrogant after her victories is entirely
Tuned States Minister Dun of Japan, Who Says the Cheap Labor Talk Is AH a
Scare.
[Sketched from life by a "Call 1 ' artist.]
wrong," said Mr. Dun. "On the contrary,
the war has had a tendency to sober the
Japanese. They see their responsibilities
more than ever before, and are trying to
do all they can for their country. This in
very noticeable all over the empire.
"And about Japanese manufactured
goods and Japanese labor coming in
here, there has been an unnecessary ex
citement about that. It is all talk.
There is nothing in it at all.
"I get letters constantly, and^romall
over, inquiring about it. I can only give
one answer to all. I get letters particu
larly inquiring about bicycles.
"Well, there is no such thing as a Jap
anese bicycle. True, they do niake a
fragile thing for boys which the little fel
lows manage to ride on, but they are in no
sense a bicycle such as you have here.
"The bicycles that the people use there
are all made either in the United States or
in Europe, and so they will continue to
be. No one need have any fear of that.
"In her own line Japan is going ahead,
and rapidly, too. I refer now to silk goods,
and she is making great efforts, too, in
cotton goods and cotton yarns. In the
latter lines they may affect European in
terests, but won't affect ours.
"I read a letter not long ago, printed in
this country, from a man who had been at
Kobe, and he drew a most doleful picture
of the awfui results from competition from
Japan in both goods and labor in the
United States.
"The Japanese are not going to interfere
with us. We will go along serene and
prosperous in our own way. There is no
cause for agitation."
.Mr. Dun will be here several days. He
is to spend a vacation of two and a half
months, nnd will put in most of that time
in Ohio, Washington and New York.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Polltai Exemption— R. P. F., Folsom, dial.
The fact that a man is near-sighted or a crip
ple, or both, does not exempt him from the
operation of the polltax law. As to roadtax a
collector out of pjty might pass him by.
GabriellkGreeley— Subscriber, Sacramento,
Cal. At the time that Gabrielle Greeley, daugh
ter of the late Uorace Greeley, became a con
vert to another religion, the fact was an- j
nounced in all the newspapers of the day.
Half Dollar of '53— P. L.. City. There is no
premium on a half dollar of 1853, unless it is
one of that date without arrow-heads at the
date or rays about the eagle. Such are ex
ceedingly scarce aiid command from $20 to
$30 premium.
Addresses— a. E. S., City. The address of
Helena Modjeska is Los Angeles; Mary Ander
son Xavarro, London, Eng.; Mark Twain,
Hartford, Conn.: Gladstone, London, Eng. •
Tomaso, care of Dramatic Mirror, New York
City: Bret Harte, care of A. V. Watt, Paternos
ter Square, London, Eng., and Joaquia Miller,
Oakland, Cal.
Foreign Tides— C. F. R., Langlois, Curry
County, Or. The following gives the rise from
extreme low water to extreme high water at
the places named: At Aden. Gulf of \den
south entrance to the Red Sea, 8.4 feet; at
Suez, north entrance to the Red Sea, 9.8 feet;
et Mu.-cat, entrance to Persian Gulf, 11 3 feef
atmoujhor Euphrates River, cud of Persian
Gulf, 7.3 feet.
Faust— A. Sg., City. There are quite a num
ber of works published in the English lan
guage that tell the story of Dr. Faust. There
are the works of Goethe, translated by Anna
Swanak; "Faustus," a tragedy, translated by
John Anster; "Faust," a dramatic poem,
translated by A. Hay ward; "Faust," bvßavard
Taylor, and a number of other books that" can
be soen in the libraries of this City. Some are
to be foun-1 in the Free Public Library.
Mobile Regent-B. H. D.. Silver City. Idaho
Your question, "What was the name of the
captain of the Mobile Regent, in service at the
close of the Mexican war?" was submitted to
the Navy Department at Washington, D. C
and the follow n.g reply was received- "In
reply to your tetter of inquiry you are in
formed that it does not apj ear from the rec
ords of the War Office that there was a vessel
pythe name of Mobile Regent la the navy dur
ing the Mexican war."
To Polish Horns-F. W. X., City. The fol
lowing is given as a method for polishing
£i°. ras: .K Scrub u the horn Perfectly smooth with
glass, then rub with fine sandpaper or Dutch
rushes; repeat the rubbing with a bit of felt
(lipped vi very finely powdered charcoal with
water, and lastly with rotten stone or putty
powder, and finish with a piece of soft wash
leather damped with a little sweet oil ; or, still
better, rub i: with subuitrate of bismuth by
the palm of the hand.
The PREsiDENCY-Several Readers, City. The
question, "Two natives of the United States,
man and wife, go to Europe on a pleasure tour
and a child is boru to them, a son, while there
—is this boy eligible for tne office of President
of the United States? A says 'no' and B says
<y CS « "—is oue that has been asked from time
without date, but an answer to it cannot be
given until the hiphest court in the land de
tines what is meant by the following words in
the constitution of the United States: "So per
son, except a notural-born citizen, * * * shall
be eligible to the office of President." There
has nor been any judicial definition of the
words "natural-born citizen," Riid whether it
means to apply to one born on the soil is as yet
a matter of doubt. This department, however,
is clad to know that A and B have been able to
settle this great constitutional question to tha
individual satisfaction of each.
Passport Regulation— j. 8., City. The
United States issues passports only to citizens
upon application and proof of citizenship.
The applicant must set forth iv an affidavit
whether he is a native born or naturalized
citizen, occupation and place of permanent
legal residence, and declare that he is going
ab--Oiid for temporary sojourn and intends to
return to the United States for the purpose of
residing and performing the duties of citizen
ship i herein, a personal description of the ap
plicant and the oath of allegiance. If the ap
plicant is a married man and wants to take
along his wife, children and servants it is neces
sary only to state the names of the parties and
relationship to the applicant. A passport is
for two years and the fee is $1, which must
accompa'uy ' ne application. To persona wish
ing pnssports for themselves blank forms o!
application will be furnished by the Depart
ment of State, the applicant setting forth at
the time of the request under what form citi
zenship is claimed, whether by birth or
naturalization or annexation of territory.
Communications should be addressed to the
Department of State, Washington, D. C, pass
port division. Professional titles are not in
serted in passports. The affidavit must be
supported by that of a citizen acquainted with
the facts of citizenship.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's,*
•—• — * — «
. Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
■■.•■■" -•■::■ — — • — ♦• — • _..,.jp,- ;..-..
Genuine eyeglasses, 15c to 4oc. 81V<4th, nr.
barber. Sundays, 738 Market (Rust shoestore).*
Special information dally to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the PresJ
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
• ♦ — «
Queen Victoria has a marked preference for
gray horses, and throughout her holiday on
the Riviera a magnificent pair of this color
have been in almost daily use. •'■■■ •'•;>«
Huseaxd's Calcined Magnesia. Four flrat
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. ; •
•—• — ♦ — •
First Moth— How's things?
Second Moth— Great. Warm meal three
times a day. Chinchilla overcoat, you know.
—Detroit Kews. . • '
. ===== ,
Take the Noithcin Tacitic to All Points
Last.
If you are goinft East call at 638 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our ligares. Finest service
in the .Northwest- All trains veitibnled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist earn
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through steepen
once a week:. T. K. Stateler, agent.
• — « — •
"Mrs. "VVinsloWs Soot bint; Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother"!
lor their children while Teething wlta perfect sac
cess.. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates th» Bowel* and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. l-"or sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Bo sure and aslc
lor Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25a a bottle.
Coroxa do.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,' soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel cW
Coronado, «60: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 >.ew Montgomery st». San Francisco.
fr a
She— Are you sure I am the first woman you
ever loved? • '^ '•"£/■
He— l swear It.
She— Then you may go. After you have ob
tained some experience, come to me again.—
Detroit Free Press. ' •
WEV TO-DAT.
Cool chairs for hot weather
— 4-75-
Comfort, rest, recreation
and fun, vacation time.
You paid $8 for them last
year and they weren't a bit
better; now $4.75.
Lone enough for the tallest man; rests from
head to foot.
Bra kets each side: for arm-rests, books, nanera
or •■ refreshments." ' "
Tough: made of bamboo and rattan-springy. '"
' - ' ■ -' ■ •" } '
Good for the verandah —
porch — sitting-room (with
cushions) ; welcome any place
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
. FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cote & Co.)
117-123 Geary street.■FRIDAY MA Y 18, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Pai.p-riv Tjtkatkb.— -The Strange Adventures
of Miss Brown."
California Thiath- Prim rose and West's
Minstrels.
Columbia Theater— "Faust."
Mobosoo's Opeba-Houbk— -The Cross Roads of
Life.
3jvoi.i OpiRA-HoniK.— "Fra Diavolo."
Orpheuk- High-Class Vaudeville.
Sitro Conky Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
•»e Central PABK.-Bicycle Races, Saturday,
ay \*x
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Halght street, one
block east of the Park.
Bat District TRACK-Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS. .
Ho! For thk Santa Crcz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary Excursion and Family Picnic
of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Paric.
Excursion to Russian RivER-Sunday, May
El Cakpo— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday. •
AUCTION SALES. v
Bt F. T. Kebxkk— This day (Friday), Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearny street, at 2 p. M.
By Chas. Levy & Co.— This day (Friday).
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o clock.
By Frank W. Butterfield — This day
(Friday), Furniture, at 325 Duncan street, at
2 o'clock.
By L. H. Bubd— This day (Friday), Furniture,
at 810% Lark in street, at 11 o'clock.
By a. L. I'Rrasn • kli/— This day (Friday), Fur-
niture, at 4*22 Guerrero street, a: '2 o'clock.
By 8. KAfcH-This day (Friday), Agateware,
at 731 Market street.
By M. J. Simmons auction Co.— This day
(Friday), Furniture, at 415 Schrader street, at
11 o clock.
By J. (". MrTHF.R— This day (Friday), Furni-
ture, at 1014 Hyde street, at 11 o'clock.
By Geo. F. Lamsox— Saturday, May 16, Hir-
nlnire, at 613 Geary street, 11 o'clock.
By William J. Dinoek— Saturday, May 16,
Beal Estate, near Dwlebt Way and Telegraph
avenue. Berkeley, at 3 o'clock. * '•".."':
Sy Easton A Eldridoe. — Tuesday, May 19,
Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By O'Farbell A- Co.— Monday. May 25, Real
Estate, at, 11 Montgomery st., at 7:30 p. m.
By SiiAiNWAl.n, Buckbek * Co.— Wednesday,
May 27, Heal Kttate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
gomery street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
lienerally fair weather Friday is foretold for
to-day by the Weather Bureau.
The city of Oakland is raising funds to erect
a monument to Lincoln in Linroln Park.
Marshals and aids were appointed last night
for tne butchers' day parade next Wednesday
morning.
The Street Committee of the Supervisors and
t:.'- Merchants' Association discussed street-
Bprinkling yesterday.
The Zillani Musical Society gave a success- I
fui performance at the Bush-street Theater I
last nisht oi "Ernani."
The State Board of Trade held a largely at
tended reception at the opening of the new
headquarters yesterday.
The greater portion of the testimony in the
y-Baldwin case yesterday was in regard
to Miss Ashley's character.
P. L. Weuver has warned Edward Reddy
that he will refuse to give up the superin
tendency of the Almshouse.
Secret Service Agent Nick Harris returned
from Snokane yesterday, where he captured
two notorious counterfeiters.
Otto Gurner, a driver for the Redwood City
Brewery, was striously injured at Colma yes
terday by his team ruuuii.g away.
A disastrous fire occurred on Folsom street
la-u nieht, between Eighth and Ninth streets,
entailing a lo6s of about $15,000.
A delicate operation, the first of its kind, has
been successfully performed on Robert Rock
wita to cure him of partial paralysis.
The steamer Point Arena, which was wrecked
up the coast recently, has been repaired, re
lit ted, and hag taken her place on duty again.
Louis Goodman's pawnshop, 629 Washing
ton street, was entered by burglars early last
Friday morning and £1000 worth of goods
were stolen.
The California Sabbath Association held
its annual convention yesterday in the
lecture-room of the Young Men's Christian
Association building.
At a meeting oi the Fire Commissioners yes
terday an estimate of the amount required for
the running of the department for the next
fiscal year was submitted.
Edward Horan if suing the City for $10,000
damages for injuries sustained by his little
daughter. She was bitten by a monkey which
had escaped from the Pound.
Detectives Seymour and Whittaker left last
night for Newark, N. J., with the necessary
papers for the extradition oi Becker and Cree
gan, the Nevada Bank forgers.
Mrs. Emma Dorn, 1454 Minna street, swore
to a complaint yecterday chareing John Nel
son. •John Doe" Thompson and Fred Albrecht
with cou^piracy to defraud her.
The Presidio and Ferries Railway Company
have prepared new baseball grounds on Baker
and Francisco streets, where the first game of
baseball will be played Sunday, May 31.
The funeral of the late Joseph A. Johnson,
ex-Lieutenant - 'iovernor, was held at the
Mnsonie Temple yesterday afternoon. Worship.
ful Master Copeland conducted the services.
Frank Ross, alias John Hall, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday on the charge of
breaking Into the residence of August Schmidt
1719 Buchanan street, on the night of May 2. '
The Bay District track reopened again yester
day with a good attendance. The winning
horses wore Silver State, Dunboy, Red Glen
Rev del Bandidos, Long Lady and Marble Rock.
Julius Kahn declined toamend his complaint
against the Election Commissioners, and so
Judge Seawell entered judgment for the de
fendants in the four-year term suit yesterday.
There will be a grand testimonial oeneflt
tei tiered to Mrs. James W. Bishop by her
frien !- ibis evening at the Mission Turn
Vcreln Hall, Eighteenth street, near Valencia.
The Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors decided yesterday to advertise tor bids
for a new telephone franchise, in accordance
with the wishes oi the People's Mutual Tele
phone ('(impanj*,
In the suit of Alonzo Haskins against James
C. Jordan to roc tire damages for slander a jury
in Judge Sanderson's court has awarded the
plaintiff $3000. Haskins proved that Jordan
called him a thief.
John H. Curley, the tailor, has filed a peti
tion in insolvency. He owes, according to his
statement, $11.446 36 on various account*
His assets he values at ¥4250, $3600 of which
is the value of his stock.
Clarence J. Hale, 309 Taylor street, who has
been suffering from nervous prostration and
loss of memory, caused by overwork, left his
home Wednesday morning^ and the police are
endeavoring to find him.
A semi-centennial anniversary celebration
of the raising of the first American flag in Cal
ifornia will be held in Monterey July 4 5 6
and 7. It will be a State affair, "and a grand
naval review will be held.
The Homeopaths elected Dr. H. M. Bishop of
Los Angeles president of the State Society for
the ensuing year, and concluded the second
day of their annual convention with a sump
tuous banquet at the Palace Hotel.
More than fifty councils of the Young Men's
Institute will be represented at the conven
tion at Haywards next week. The order has
increased in membership in the Pacific juris
diction and its finances are flourishing.
The Grand Lodge of the I. O. O. F. of Califor
nia pawed an exciting session in electing offi
cers yesterday, and the State Assembly of
Renekfths warmly discussed the proposal of
removing the Orphans' Home from Thermalito
to Gilroy.
Hajot Blakney, superintendent of the life
saving service on this coast, has recommended
the Coqnille lifeboat crew to the department
at Wasnington for honoraDle mention on ac
count of their excellent work in rescuing ves
sels that have gone ashore in their locality.
THROWN FROM HIS SEAT.
Otto Garner Seriously Injured by a
J'.umiway at Colma.
A serious accident happened yesterday
to Otto Gurner, driver of a wagon for the
Redwood City Brewery at Colma. As he
was driving d own the incline the brakes
broke and the wagon bounded forward,
striking the horses. The animals bolted
and Gurner clung desperately to the lines
till he was pitched headlong from his
seat.
Mounted Police Corporal Shanahan took
Gurner to St. Luke's Hospital, where it
was found that nib right leg was broken
and both of his jaws were dislocated. He
seemed also to be suffering from internal
injuries.
HEWS OF THE
WATER FRONT,
Splendid Work of the Co
quille Life-Saving
Crew.
FOUR VESSELS RESCUED.
The Stanch Steamer Point Arena
Repaired and Again on
Duty.
ROWING CLUBS HARD AT WORK
Luck of the Sealers on the Japanese
Coast— New Surf Boats for the
Stations.
The Coquille life-saving station at Ban
don on the coast of Oregon should have
an added title — that of "Ship-saving sta
tion." During the last twelve or fourteen
months that crew have not only been in
active service rescuing human lives, but
they have saved four vessels that went
aground on the river bar.
On September 23 of last year the tug
Katie O'Neal went ashore bard and fa?t.
Cap'ain Alexander Scott of the station
manned the surfboat Bebbie MoLellanand
put out to the imperiled vessel. She was
fast settling in the sand, but the life-sav
ing people took charge of the work of get
ting her afloat and carried strong lines
ashore. It was an almost hopeless labor,
but they were finally successful, and the
tug was dragged into deep water. She
was valued at $15,000 and bad a cargo
worth $1000.
January 22, 1896, the schooner Lila and
Ma ttie, valued at $12,000 and carrying a
$1500 cargo, went ashore on the Coquille
River bar. Captain Scott again took
charge of the work of rescuing her, and
with bis crew labored almost night and
day till February 9 before he pull d ber
out of the sand. So deeply was she im
bedded that her owners gave her up, but
the life-saving crew kept at the work.
Their lines often parted, and twice the ves
sel drifted ashore again after having been
pulled off into deep water. However, on
the eighteenth day of their constant la
bors the schooner was towed into 6afe
moorings.
May 4. 1896, the steamer Moro went on
the bar while entering the river and stuck
hard and fast. Her owners despaired of
saving her, but the life-saving crew under
took the job of floating her, and eventually
succeeded. Her value was $16,000, with a
cargo worth $800.
On August 28, 1895, the life-saving crew
went to the wreck of the big steamer
Bawnmore, lying on the beach eighteen
miles south of the station. They of course
could not save the huge nulk stuck hard
on the rocks, but they remained in the lo
cality for several weeks saving property
from* the stranded vessel and guarding it
on the beach.
Major Blakney of the life-saving service
in this City has called the attention of his
superiors Ed Washington to the excellent
work of the Coquille lifeboat crew. Being
in the Government employ, they tet no
salvage, or, in fact, any reward for their
labors except the gratitude of those they
serve so faithfully and well. It is to be
hoped that this "banner crew" will re
ceive the official recognition they merit.
The stanch little steamer Point Arena,
which recently drifted on the rocka at the
port of the same name, has been repaired
and rerittea and is again on her run. Con
sidering that she rolled into the heavy
breakers with a towline around her pro
peller, was rescued and dragged lor sev
eral hundred miles at sea lying on her
beam ends, was docked and repaired and
made ready for duty within a compara
tively short time, she may be said to have
as many lives as a cat.
The boat clubs are hard at work prac
ticing for the coming races to come off
the 20th of this month. Besides the City
rowing clubs Alameda and Stockton will
enter crews. The Olympic Atnletic Club
and the League of the Cross will send
boats to El Campo to compete for trophies.
George W. Kneass of 718 Third street
has just completed two beautiful surf
boats, one for Yaquina Bay and the other
for the Golden Gate station. They aiv
self-bailing, self-righting and fitted with
all modern improvements.
From reports it is learned what the seal
ing fleet in Japanese waters are doing in
their hunt for the costly pelts. The St.
Lawrence has taken 24 skinß, Enterprise
29, Aritetia 352, Williard Ainsworth 287,
Vera 97, Mary Taylor 24, Director 232,
Katherine 10, Pioneer 130, Silver Fleece
125, Carlotta G. Cox 50, Golden Fleece 65,
Triumph 100, Viva 300, Ida Etta 150.
THE PRINCES OF FORGERS
Papers for Becker's and Geegan's
Extradition Signed by
the Governor.
Detectives Seymour and Whittaker
Left Last Night With the
Warrants.
No time has been lost in getting the
necessary papers ready for the extradition
of Charles Becker and James Creegan, the
two forgers arrested in Newark, N. J.,
Wednesday morning for the $22,000 for
gery on the Nevada Bank last December.
Detectivt Ross Whittaker left for Sacra
mento yesterday morning with the papers
and procured the signature of Governor
Bndd to the warrants for the extradition
of the two forgers. Detec-live Seymour
left by last evening's train for Newark and
will be joined at Sacramento by Whit
taker, who will accompany him East.
Captain Lees said yesterday that he had
nothing new to communicate in regard to
the arrest of the two men. Their exami
nation will be held at Newark next
Wednesday, and by that time Seymour
and Whittaker will be on hand with the
extradition papers. If Becker and Cree
gan should fieht their extradition the de
tectives were armed with sufficient evi
dence to have them remanded.
What the evidence is the captain de
clined to say on the ground that he had
no desire to expose his hand to the other
side. At the proper time the facts would
be made known.
Some further particulars about Becker's
career will be found interesting. He was
heard from in July, 1894, in connection
with Richard Lennox, Joe English and
Bob Beaumann, three expert forgers and
check raisers. They began operations in
1892 at Minneapolis and worked in Duluth
and St. Joseph. They became alarmed
and wwit to Europe and remained there
until the fall of 1893 when they returned
and went to Providence, R. 1., where they
raised two checks of |14 and $18 to $1400
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
The Wrecked Steamer Point Arena, Repaired, Refiitted and Again on Duty.
\Skttehed by a "Call" artul.]
and $1800 and passed them on the Indus
trial Trust Company and the Merchants'
National Bank.
Their custom was to remain in a place
just long enough to raise and pass two or
three checks, and being successful in Prov
idence they went to Boston, thence to
Buffalo, Cincinnati, New Orleans, Phila
delphia and Milwaukee, when they were
driven out of tlie town. Thi-y ried to
Albany, N. V., where Rocker and English
left Lennox and Beaumann and went
toward Boston. Lennox was ami-tod at
Newark, N. J., on July 20, 1894, but Beau
mann got away. Lennox was finally
turned over to the Milwaukee authorities
on a charge of forgery, and a dozen other
cities wanted him at the time.
This gang erased the safety water lines
on the checks by the use of chemicals and
drew in new ones with steel pens and
blocsed in perforated figures by beveling
out spaces for them and fastening the new
figures with a cement made of the white of
eggs.
THE MARINE DRAMA.
Sufferings of the Crew of tho Republic
Ke-enacte«l at Sutro I ■ -. ti . - .
The story of suffering and dreadful ex
periences which the crew of the burned
ship Republic underwent, and which was
told in The Call of April 25 last, will be
gone over and graphically depicted at
Sutro Baths next Saturday afternoon and
evening for the benefit of the saved sea
men.
The Republic, and also the Hollinwood,
which saved the men, will be represented
afloat in the large tank of the baths, fully
rigged and manned, just as they were at
the time the Republic was deserted. The
whole of the experiences of the fearful ten
days and nights after the fire was discov
ered and before the Hollinwood was sight
ed will be fully represented, and the re
ceipts of the day and evening will be en
tirely for the poor men who barely es
caped with their lives. The scene will
begin when the fire was first discovered ;
thin spiral columns of smoke will be seen
creeping from the fore hatch; the crew
will man the pumps and fight the flames.
which will, nevertheless, gain steadily
upon them in spite of all.
The fore and main hatches will be blown
off, and everybody on L-« >:tr<i force 1 to go
aft. The Hollinwood will be sighted and sig
naled to stand by ; the explosions become
more and more frequent, until finally the
foremast goes by the board; the tire con
tinues to gain headway, the captain of the
Republic decides to ahandon his ship and
signals the Hollinwood to that effect; tho
lifeboats are manned and the work of
rescue completed.
The men are grateful to Mayor Sutro
for his offer of a benefit for theni, and are
entering heartily into the spirit of tie
affair.
The evening performance will appear to
particular advantage; for the great build
ing will be darkened, and the light of the
burning vessel will cast a glare over the
water and add greatly to the realism.
Miss Elliott, Leading Lady of the Frawley Company.
The members of the Frawley Company,
which opens at the Columbia Theater
on June 1, have arrived in this City.
Considerable interest centers in the new
leading lady, Maxime Elliott, the Oakland
girl, who has been paying important, roles
in Augustin Daly's company.
Miss Elliott left the Daly troupe to
become leading lady in the Frawley Com
pany. In the East she was considered one
of the professional beauties of the stage.
GRANT PEDESTAL
AS RE-CREATED.
The Statue Will Rest on
Granite Carved by-
Free Men.
CONVICT WORK NO MORE
Patriotic Sentiment Awakened by
" The Call " Proves All
Powerful.
UNION VETERANS IN LINE.
Demand for a Full Public Accounting
of All Contributions to the
M nument Fund.
The managers of the Grant monument
have decided that the Golden Gate Park
statue of the leader of the Union
armies shall rest on a pedestal of granite
carved by free men.
Trie authentic intelligence published ex
clusively in The Call of Wednesday to
the effect that tne pedestal of the monu
ment nad been quarried and dressed by
the convicts of Folsom State prison
created widespread comment and evoked
many expressions oi regret that the man
agers of the n.onument fund liad not em
ployed the labor of free and honest work
ingmen in the enterprise. The more the
subject was discussed the stronger be
came the conviction that tne piison-carved
material should be ejected and other
granite substituted.
Accordingly on Wednesday evening it
was decided to cast the prison stone aside
and put in other material. In pursuance
of this decision orders were given at the
park yesterday morning to remove th/ ob
jectionable granite base from the site, and
to abandon work at Folsom on the stone
coping designed to surround the monu-
I The FraTleys have been largely recruited
from the Daly Company, for, in addition
to Maxime Elliott, their ranks include
■ Frank Worthing and Tyrone Powers.
With the Frawleys are also: F. C. Thorn p-
I son, Phosa McAllister, George W. Leslie,
Thomas Phillips, Hope Ross, Walter
Clarke Bellows, Maclyn Arbuckle, Wilson
Enos, H. S. Duffield, Lansing Rowan,
Charles Wyngate, George Bosworth, Mar
garet Craven and Blanche L. Bates.
ment plat. This course on the part of the
Monument Association will be com
mended. In a desire to exercise the great
est economy with the funds remaining at
their disposal, they sought cheap material ;
but when they reflected that sentiment,
and especially patriotic sentiment, has a
great influence on the American mind,
they readily respected the noble sentiments
here involved.
It is a mistake to suppose that Eugene
"Wiegand at department headquarters of
the G. A. R. reflects the ideas of many
Union veterans when he says "the affair
is really of little moment."
One comrade gives expression to this
opinion :
"Comrade Wiegand draws a salary of
IOHN hall, alias ross.
$7"> or $100 a month for serving the Grand
Army at department headquarters. No
doubt this work could be performed by
some convict from Folsom prison for $20 a
month, but in the Grand Army there is a
patriotic sentiment in favor of giving em
ployment to worthy comrades at a fair
compensation, and within the scope of
that sentiment Comrade Wiegand holds
the job. If he should be supplanted, even
by a convkted comrade, there would be
danger of another rebellion in this
country."
W. .). Ruddiek, a well-known and active
Grand Army man, said yesterday :
"It is due to tlie memory of General
(irant th;it the monument in Golden Gate
Park should represent the work of free
men. I think Colonel Fred Grant ex
pressed the idea when he said to a New
Y'>rk committee of workers that his father
was a Union man. This is a sentiment. I
admit, but it is a noble and patriotic senti
ment, and one which the people of San
Francisco rer-pect. The workmanship of
tbe convicts may be equal in all respects
to that which tne labor of free men would
>:ive. The monument built by prison
labor might be beautiful, graceful and im
posing, but the knowledge that it was
prison work would be associated with the
enterprise. In Caliornia and other States
the laws provide that convict labor shall
not be employed on public buildings.
Here is a sentiment of respect for the dig
nity and worth of free workingmen en
acted into law.
"The intelligent, law-abiding working
man is sought to be protected from unfair
competition, as a matter of right end jus
tice, but apart from "that tnere is a senti
ment that his labor should not be de
craded by having convicts his competitors
in the field of industry. Sentiment plays
a great part in the affairs of human life,
and in this country sentiments connected
with the memory of Grant. Lincoln and
other great heroes are sacred.
"In the completion of this monument,
it is not fitting that any individual, any
society or any newspaper should be adver
tised. The work should be completed by
public-spirited citizens and snould repre
sent San Francisco's tribute to the momory
of Grant."
General R. H. Warfield is decidedly of
the opinion that the monument should
not represent the labor of criminals. He
believes that all of the work should be
done by free men.
Colone! J. C. Currier said: "If I were go
ing to have a gift made to express senti
ments of esteem and kindness for a friend,
of course I would not go to a Chinaman
for the workmanship. Taking a senti
mer.tal view of the subject, I say a mis
take was made in employing convict labor
on the Grant monument."
J. J. Scoville, another Union veteran,
thus expresses his opinion: "Tbe monu
ment to our greatest soldier should be
made by free labor."
General W. H. Pratt remarked that the
sentiment for the employment of free ia
bor on the monument was worthy of all
respect.
In Grand Army circles and outside the
feeling is almost universal that tne work
manship uf convicts should not be repre
sented in the monument.
George A. Knight said: "I respect the
sentiment that tho monument should rep
resent the work of free men and I say
that the sentiment s: ould be enforced."
The 9Ugge-tion now that a newspaper
should chip in to get some cheap glory
out of the mistake of the monument com
mittee is not acceptable to the public. It
is suggested that the managers of the
monument can safely rely on the public
spirit and patriotism of San Francisco to
carry out the enterprise in a proper and
becoming manner.
That was the original spirit of the plan.
Whiie the present managers ape not
blamed tor the failure to collect the vast
sums subscribed they will not encounter
aDy difficulty in obtaining the means ne
cessary to finish the work.
Sooner or later public sentiment will de
mand that the surviving members of the
old executive committee of ttie Grant
Monument Association should furnish for
publication a list, so far as can be ascer
tained, of all subscribers to the monument
fund, of the amount subscribed, and of
tho amount actually collected, together
with an account of all disbursements.
For some time after the death of A. J.
Bryant it was not Known definitely that
there was any money in the fund, but
among his papers was found a bankbook
whicn evidenced the deposit of some
?12,000inthe An 10-California Bank. It
is true that Governor Stanford's subscrip
tion of $5000 and other large amounts by
Fair, Flood and Louis Sloss of the Alaska
Commercial Company, which were made
on the representation that a great monu
ment would be erected, have not been paid.
Since it has been decided to simply place
a statue in the park the surviving sub
scribers have only been requested to pay a
small proportion of the amounts which
they originally subscribed.
It is held to be due to the subscribers
who have paid that their names should
be known. The publication of the state
ment might disclose the fact that some
subscribers have paid whose names have
not been entered on the roll of paid sub
scriptions. Since so many members of
the executive committtee have passed
away, and so many of the books and ac
counts have been "mislaid or lost, an ac
curate statement might be very difficult to
obtain, but the most explicit account that
can be made should be now rendered.
FIGHT WITH A BURGLAR
Frank Ross, Alias HaH, Draws
a Knife Upon Policeman
John Hill.
Ross, While in the City Prison,
Helped Murderer Fredericks in
His Attempt to Escape.
One of the burglars who broke into the
residence of August Schmidt, 1719 Bu
chanan street, on the night of May 2,
chloroformed Mr. Schmidt, who was
asleep in bed, and got away with a lot of
valuable jewelry and other articles, is now
behin^ the bars charged with burglary.
He is Frank Ross, alias John Hall, a
desperate character.
Entrance was effected to the Schmidt
j residence by forcing the kitchen door.
1 Mr. Schmidt was the only member of the
j family in the house at the time and he
j had retired to bed. The others had gone
to a party, and Eugene Schmidt, on re
turning shortly after. 10 o'clock, was sur
prised to find the gas blazing in all the
rooms. The tips had been removed from
the gas jets and the gas flames were dan
gerously near the woodwork, the evident
intention of the burglars being to set the
place on fire. He succeeded with difficulty
in rousing his father, who was so dazed
for a long time afterward that it was sup
posed he must have been chloroformed.
Every room in the house had been ran
sacked and all the jewelry belonging to
the women of the household and other
articles had been stolen, including a purse
containing a considerable sum of money,
and a silk handkeroief having in one
corner a picture of Eueene Schmidt.
The police were notified and Detective
Harper and Policeman Jobn Hill were de
tailed on the case. They found that some
of the stolen property had been sold to a
dealer on Folsom street, from whom they
obtained a description that satisfied them
one of the men was Ross. Hill
tracited Ross to a house on Howard street
Wednesday night, and ai rested him after
a desperate struggle. Ross drey: a knife
and attempted to stab the officer, who
closed with him and disarmed him. Hill
had. to tap him on the head with his club
before he could get the handcuffs on him.
When Ross was searched at the City
Prison a portion of the property stolen
from the Schmidt residence was found in
his pocket, including Eugene Schmidfs
silk handkerchief with his picture in the
corner.
Ross is 25 years of age and a native of
Mexico. On October 19, 1894, he was sen
tenced to six months for petty larceny.
He was made a "trusty" in the City Prison.
It was while Ross was on duty that Wil
liam Fredericks, the murderer of Bank
Cashier Herrick, attempted to escape from
the City Prison, and with an iron bar made
a murderous assault upon Corporal Par
rotte, who had just passed his cell when
Fredericks slipped behind him and at
tacked him. Parrotte was knocked down
and Fredericks grabbed what he thought
was the key to the entrance door and ran
along the corridor. Sergeant Shields fired
a shot at him which had the effect of
making him throw up his hands.
A careful investigation was made as to
how Fredericks got out of bis cell, and the
police were forced to the conclusion that
Koss, who had charge of the keys of the
ceils, had unlocked thedoor of Fredericks'
cell and let him into the blanket-room ad
joining, where he lay In wait for Parrqtte.
It was afterward learned that Fredericks
had induced Ross to help him to escape,
and while Fredericks attended to Parrotte
Ross was to slip up behind Sergeant Shields
and knock him down as Fredericks made
his ruah for the door. Ross "funked" at
the last moment. Ross was immediately
transferred to the House of Correction.
Broker SlcKee Falls.
L. H. F. McKee, a Pine-street stockbroker,
failed yesterday afternoon. McKee was at one
time a clerk in the employ of his stepfather,
William Edwards, but went Into business for
himself opposite the Stock Exciiange on Pine
street. The amount involved In his failure
could not be ascertained, but it is thought that
it does not amount to much, as the nature of
his dealings ws« on a limited scale.
NEW TO-I*AT-AMUBEMENTB.
SUTRO BATHS. .•
OrB_^Vl\n> BEKTEFIT
tendered to the .
lIEAIj SAILjORS
• • ■ ■" —OF THE
BURNED SHIP "REPUBLIC."
. Realistic Representation .
Of Life on the Ocean.
'Saturday Afternoonand Evening, May 16
GENERAL ADMISSION:
AJPUL.TS 10c. CHILDREN sc.
SHOOT THE CHUTES.
Saturday & Sunday. Afternoons & Evenings.
TO-MORROW, SATURDAY, .
Free Japanese Kites for Children.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
Sensational Ascension and Parachute
Drop. New. Balloon, Chutes. •*
ADMISSION, 10c ...... .CHILDREN, So,
Women's
111 Health
is the cause of- untold suffering and sor-
row. Bad health steals away youth and
beauty and darkens many a life. It
makes many a woman feel • sad, weary
and despondent. But women might
easily overcome all their distressing ail-
ments if they would only assist nature
Dy using that great health-giving stimu-
lant
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
which builds up the system and imparts
new life. There is nothing equal to it
for quickening the circulation, enriching
the blood and replacing languor and
weakness with brightness and vigor.
Thousands of women testify to the won-
derful benefit they have derived from
taking it. : ;„: : : ;^
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMANWSTHEATERS
I& at the TJUST 3 NIGHTS
Baldwin *.*«?£»
I M SATURDAY.
EDDIE THE STRANGE
irrw ADVENTURES
rUY I OF MISS BROWN
Last Time Sunday Night.
NEXT I ADA RKIIAN
| AUGUS'II.V DALY COMPANY.
SEATS for the Entire Three "Weeks
NOW SELLING.
Ist Week— "Countess Guckl," "Two Escutch-
eons" and "School For .Scandal."
2<l Week — "JUdsummer Wight's Dream" and
" Last Word."
3d Week-" Twelfth Night," "The Hunchback,"
"The Honeymoon and "Taming of The Shrew."
I California | LAST
tAtIFOBNIA TIMES.
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
- — BIG MINSTRELS
TO-NIGHT AGAIN
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK!
CASH AND VALUABLE PRIZES.
All Local Talent Can Participate Free of Entry.
Monday, May 18-HOYT'S
"A TRIP TO CHINATOWN!"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. tBNKBTisK Krelino, Proprietor <& Manager
LAST NIGHTS OF
THE BRILLIANT REVIVAL
Of Auber's Tuneful Romantic Opera,
"FRA DIAVOLO:"
EVERY NUMBER A GEM.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
NEXT "WEEK—
First Time in Operatic Form,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN!"
A Great Scenic Production.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
nOLAnDI;R.(xOrrLOO « Ana » ■ • • .
Every Evening, Including Sunday t
' Matinee Saturday.
MORRISON'S Famous scenic and Dramatic Pro-
duction of
PAUST !
Wonderful Scenic Effects.
The Marvelous "Brocken" ."Scene..
Genuine Flashes of Lightning!
Magic Rain of Fire !
Reserved Seat* 25c, sOc, 75c.
Next attraction— AMY LEE and FRANK DOANE
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In Amerloa.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sola Leasoe and Manage;
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Second Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER 1
In the Great Melodrama,
"THE CROSS ROADS OF LIFE"
Ftksino PKICK.-1— 250 and S*s.
Family Circle and Gall err. 10a.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
MAGNIFICENT NEW ATTRATIONSt
A Marvelous Bill Troughoutl
WOOD AND SHEPAUD,
FIELDS AND LKWIS.
JOHN W. RANSONE
And 14 Celebrated Artists.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, lOo; Open cn*lrt
•nd Box seats. bOc •
CENTRAL PARK, MAY 16.
Afternoon and Evening.
NATIONAL CIRCUIT,
L. A. W. RACE MEET.
GIVEN BY THE
S. F. CYCLE RACING ASSOCIATION.
AH the best Riders entered for the Races.
LARGEST PRIZES EVER OFFERED.
Races commence at 3 o'clock in the after-
noon and 8 o'clock sharp in evening.
General admission, including seat. 250
Grand stand SOe
Balcony 750
Box seats.... ; *1.00
Seats on Sale at Park, 1189 Market street.
These races will be continued every Saturday
Afternoon and Evening during the Reason. ■
UKIAH EX-
CURSION, NEXT SUNDAY. May 17th. Leave
via 7:30 a. m. Tiburon Ferry. Tickets for
roundf trip at ferry only £2. Children .«1. No
extra charge for reserved seats if secured at 333
O'Farrell st. from 1 to 9 p. m. before Saturday
night. Choice of stopping at Pieta 6 hours, Hop-
land 5*4 hours or Ukiah 4 hours. Grand Family
Outiug. Don't miss it. J. E. LOCKE, Manager.
RACINGI RACINGI RACINGI
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, May 14th»
BAY DISTRICT TRACK. ; 1/
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shine.
FIVE OK MORE. RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2 :00 P. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the at«
R. B. MILKOY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,.
Secretary. President.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
Now Open Every Sunday During the Season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling. Boating, Fishing and
other amusements. . Refreshments at city prices.
Fare, round trip, 25c; children 16c: including ad-
mission to the grounds. "-;;?/
THE STEAMER UK lAH
Will leave Tiburon Ferry 10:30 a. v., 1B:1O r. *
'1 and 4 p.m. Returning leave El Campo 11 US
a. if 1, 3 and (mi.
78
ODD TREATMENTS
AND NOVEL CURES,
The Homeopaths Discuss
Gynecology and Pedi
atrics.
ELECT NEW OFFICERS.
Presidency of the State Society
Gees to a Los Angeles
Physician.
SEVEN ADMITTED AS MEMBERS
An Elaborate Banquet at the Palace
Hotel Concludes a Profit
able Day.
More doctors, more discussion?, the elec
tion of officers and new members, interest
greater even than on the previous day, and
a sumptuous banquet to conclude with,
Dr. George H. Martin of San Francisco, the New Vice-president of the California
State Homeopathic .Medical Society, a Member of Its Board of Examiners,
end One of the Active Participants in the Medical Discussions Before the
Present State Convention.
were the characteristic features of the ]
second day of the twentieth annual meet
ing of the California State Homeopathic
Medical Society, being held in the Maple
Hall of the Palace Hotel.
The first thing of the morning session
wa? ihe election of officers and boards for
the ensuing year. Contrary to expecta
tions, but in accordance with the under
standing that the next annual meeting
will be held somewhere in Southern Cali
fornia, probably in Los Angeles, Dr. George
11. Martin of San Francisco, who had been
generally spoken of as the next president,
withdrew his name in favor of Dr. Herbert
If. Bishop of Los Angeles, who was elected
to tLe chief office in the society.
Dr. George H. Martin was accorded the
second piace of honor, being elected first
vice-president Dr. Ida V. Stan bach, a
new member of the society and a promi
nent practitioner at Santa Barbara, was
made second vice-president. Dr. Eleanor
F. Martin of San Francisco was re-elected
to the position of secretary. The treasurer,
who is an appointee of the' incoming presi
dent, will in all probability be Dr. C. L.
Tisdale of Alameda, the incumbent.
All the individuals, constituting the
several boards were re-elected except Dr.
Guy E. Manning of San Francisco, wiio,
being promoted to the board of examiners
Dr. H. R. Arndt of San Diego,
Who delivered the JTahnanann oration at Native
Sons' Jlall Wedixesday night, who responded to the
toatt on llahncmann at the homeopaths' banquet
at the J'alace lloUl last night, and who it chair
man of the bureau of mental and nervous disease*
that uill be discussed by the doctor* to^lay.
to fill the vacancy that had been caussd by j
the death of Dr. J. E. Lilenthal, was suc
ceeded as an alternate by Dr. J. Hasten- I
dick of Han Francisco, the other alternate,
Dr. George H. Palmer of San Francisco,
being re-elected.
On the board of censors are: Dr. William
Boericke of Kan FrancißCo, Dr. Jamet \V.
Ward of San Francisco, Ot. J. M. Selfridge of
Oakland, Dr. C. W. Bronson of Alamcda and
Dr. E. W. Bradley of Oakland.
The board of direc:ors la composed of Dr J.
If. Selfridge of Oakland, Dr. William Boericke
t>i San Francisco, Dr. C. L. Tisdale of Alameda,
I)r. A. C. Petcraon of San Fraucisco ana Dr.
i-Mney Worlh of San Francisco.
The members of the board of examiners
are: Dr. C. L. Tisdale of Alameda, l>r. Sidney
Worth of Snn Francisco, Dr. George U.
Martin of Pan Frmiciseo, Dr. A. ('. Peterson of
Ban Francisco, Dr. George 11. Jenzs of San
Francisco, Dr. E. R. Bryant of fan Francisco
end Dr. Guy H. Palmer of -an Francisco.
Papers under the general head of gyne
cology were then taken up. Dr. James W.
"Ward of San Francisco, as chairman of the
bureau, made the introductory remarks
nnd was in charge of the fympesium. Dr.
George H. Martin of San Francisco opened
the subject with an interesting paper on
the "Relation of Mental Disorders to Pel
vie Disease." Dr. Florence N. Ward of
' San Francisco followed with some clever
'ideas on the "Modifications in the Tech
' niqiM oi Vaginal Hy.steractomy." Both
papers called forth a great deal of earnest
discussion.
Dr. Pliny R. Watts of Sacramento took
up another phase of the subject in a paper
entitled "How Far Do Errors of Early
Training Become Productive of Gynecolog
ical Disease?" And the last paper before
luncheon was by Dr. Leonard Pratt of San
.lose, who offered suggestions on "l're
natal Treatment."
Tbe following new members were
I elected, making the membership of the so
ciety liy, as opposed to ninety-eight when
tbe convention opened: Dr. H.B. Gates
of San Jose, Dr. E. C. Manning of Los An
geles, Dr. A. E. Small and Dr. C. K. Small
of Oakland and Dr. Amelia Levinson, Dr.
Charles K. Jones and Dr. Frank" Bateman
of San Francisco.
At 2p. m. the reading of papers was re
sumed, the seesion being continued until
after 6:80 in order to make it possible to
! complete the programme to-day, when the
j convention will conclude its discussions,
decide upon the place of the next annual
meeting and adjoarn.
Continuing under the general subject of
gynecology the "Displacement of the
V terns" formed a subtopic, treated in a
very interesting manner by live physi
cians.
Dr. Susan J. Fenton of Oakland took up
the "Etiology, Pathology, Diagnosis and
Significance of Uterine Displacement."
Dr. Alice M. Wosa of San Francisco dis
cussed "The Medical, Hycienic and Pro
phylactic Treatment." Dr. James W.
Ward of San Francisco spoke of "The
Mechanical and Snrgical Management of
Displacement." Dr. J. M. SHfridge of
Oakland presented somo "Gynecological
Experiences," and Dr. Byron E. Miller of
Portland, Or., offered a peculiar cxperi
! ence entitled "I in perforate Vagina — a
GAM From Practice."
Among the many that participated in
•he reruual discussion that foiiowed was
Dr. E. & Bailey, professor of medical dis-
eases of women in the Hahnemann College
at Chicago.
The Bureau of Pediotrics, next on the
programme, embraced the following sub
jects: "How the Newborn Should Be Fed,"
a paper by Dr. S. S. Salisbury of Los An
geles; "The Care of the Child Immedi
ately After Birth," a paper by Dr. Maria
B. Averill of San Diego; "Flnutulent Colic
of the Infant," a paper by Dr. William G.
Cole of Guernevilfe, and "The Result That
Intelligent Treatment vViil Have on the
Future Child," a puper by Dr. James J.
Martin of Woodland.
Dr. Cole's idea on the treatment of in
fantile colic caused a very emphatic ex
ception to be taken by Dr. Stanbach of
Santa Barbara and Dr. Caroline Guild of
San Francisco. In his paper he had said,
discussing obstinate cases not soon respon
sive to normal remedies: "The mother
exclaims: ' Oh, my blessed little darling!'
and the father asks if we can do no better,
in a tone of voice that moans if we cannot
we had better ftep out and let some one
else try. In such a strait what shall we
do? I'll tell you what I do. I capitulate
to the enemy. I give from five to thirty
drops of tr. opii camrh. in hot water and
go home, while the baby goes to sleep, and
the father says: ' Why" couldn't you have
given that last medicine first? 1 "
Dr. Stanbach declared th3t the use of
opium in the treatment of infants is con
ducive to mental weakness and to subse
quent craving for the drug, and, quoting
from an old German professor, he said:
"When you give opium or morphia to
quell pain in a sick child remember that
yon are at the end of your string."
Dr. Guild said she had never known a
case of infantile colic that could not be
cured without recourse to opium or ccal
tar extracts to alleviate pain.
In the evening the doctors apparently
forgot for two hours and a half the stricter
teachings of their profession and partici
pated in an elaborate banquet of ten
courses with two kinds of wine.
The Maple Hall of the Palace Hotel was
ablaze with light. Attracted about a long
table arranged in the form of a horseshoe
eat sixty-five physicians, a third of them
women, ali attired in evening dress. The
table itself was spread with ferns and fur
nished with silver candelebra surmounted
by pink shades.
Dr. IJ. L. Tisdale of Alameda acted as
toastmaster, t\nd during the flow of song
and other things the following toasta were
responded to:
"Hahnemann," Dr. H. R. Arndt of San
IMego; '-The State Society." I)t. George H
Martin of Ban Francisco; "The College," Dr
6. 11. Palmer of Sau Francisco; "Our Northern
Brethren," Dr. Byron Miller of Portlnnd, Or •
"Our Southern Brethren," Dr. H. M. Bishop of
I.os Angeles; "Our Friends Beyond the Rock
ies," Dr. F. EL Bailey of Chicago; "The Ladies,"
Dr. William Simpson of San Jose; "The Rela
ton of Homeopathy to Sureery," Dr. James W.
»\ard of San Francisco; "Woman in Medi
cine," Dr. Susan J. Fenton of Oakland ; "The
Journal," Dr. Sydney Worth of San Francisco
''Homeopathy in State Institutions," Dr. A S
Dolan of tan Bernardino.
CONSPIRACY CHARGED.
Win. Emma Dorn, Kx-Saloon-Keeper
Wanta Three Meu Arrested.
Mrs. Emma Dorn, 1454 Minna street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Low's court
yesterday charging John Sehon, "John
Doe" Thompson and Fred Albrecht with
conspiracy. Albrecht was arrested some
months ago in connection with the same
matter on the charge of attempting to pass
a fictitius check, but was acquitted in the
Superior Court-
On December 18, Mrs. Dorn alleges that
the defendants conspired to defraud her
out of $200 and a half interest in her sa
loon, 42 Spear street, by attemptine to
pass upon her a worthless check for $600
on the Pacific Coast Savings Society paya
ble to Nelson or bearer and signed" "John
F. Johnson." Bhe says she had" possession
ol the check for a few days, but found that
it was worthless.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
ALAMEDA IN
THE VANGUARD,
That Model City Addressed
on Modern Municipal
Ownership.
FACING THE PROBLEM.
Shall the Lighting Plant be
Turned Over to a Private
Corporation ?
ARGUMENT FOE SELF-SUPPORT
The Executive Committee of the League
Presents an Overwhelming
Plea.
The following communication is bpH
explanatory:
-Ai.ameda, Cal., Mny 0,1896.
To the Citizens </ Alanwia: The Municipal
Ownership League of Alanieda, through its
executive committee, desire to place before
you a statement of the situation as regards the
maintenance ot municipal ownership of our
electric li^ht plant. In so doing it is needless
to say that ttu'y have only tbe best interests of
the city at heart. Tney are not biased by self
interest. They have no private ends to serve.
But they feel thut the -time is at hand when
if citizens cannot be found who are willing to
ptrtorm some labor iv the interest of a broad
minded and progressive civic policy, and to
unite in opposition to certain suiieineh for the
promotion of personal ends, Almneda will lose
the reputation which she has justly earned, of
being one of the best-coverned, the most pro
gressive ftnd the most advanced cities in the
State.
The committee freely concede that many ,
citizen* differ from them on this question—
citizens who are as conscientious and as free !
from motives of self-Interest as are the mem-i
bers themselves. It is to such citizens, and to I
others who are unfamiliar with the question,
that this appeitl is made, and not to those who,
from eel tish metires. adverse to the interests
of the public at large, are actively engaged la
placing before the people statements which
are a distortion of the truth, and busiug there
on fallacious arguments.
When the league was organized the commit
tee found themselves confronted by the asser
tion, reiterated with strenuous emphasis, that
the electric plant owned by tho my had OOSI
■tne city very many thousands of dollars more
than had ever been received in benetits from
the same. While we felt, in common with all
our fellow -citizens, that the purchase of the
Jenney plant eight years ago was an ill-ad
vised one, and that the board which inaclt- the
purchase was deceived by false representa
tions, yet we were not at all sure that ti.. . .■■
was as bad as was being made out by the ad
vocates of private corporate ownership. To j
satisfy ourselves and the public on tins point
we employed, at the expense of the leugue, one '
of Alamcda's best-known citizens and expert '
bookkeepers to make a thorough examinnuon i
of the city records and report to the committee
exactly what the plant had cost to date, so'
that this aggregate could be placed s:de by;
Bide with a statement of the benetits received, i
The result of this examination is sufficiently
favorable to nullify the assertion that munici- I
Dal ownership hud up to that time proven a;
losing experiment.
Th:s report has already been given to the
public through the s&n Francisco Daily Call
of April 15. On another pageof this "leaflet
we publish it nearly in full, eliminating only
some dry details of figures which have already
been published. There will also bo found iv
this issue a digest of the same report, prepared i
by the secretary of tho league, and published
in the San Francisco Kxaminer of April 10.
From this it will be. seen that instead oi this
| city being a loser by reason of its ownership of '
Rnelf-ctriclightplant.it is a gainer by somo I
thousands of dollars. This view is based on i
the supposition that the OnkJand Gas Light
Company would not have charged ik< more '
| than it has (harped the city of Oakland during
t*e same time for the same service. That this j
i supposition is a liberal one cannot be denied. !
I It is almost certain that Alameda, being a '
| smaller city, and requiring less service than
* has been required by Oakland, would have
j been taxed a higher rate than Oakland has had
to pay; because it is a well established priu-
I ciple of economics that the larger the plant
i and the patronage the lower will be the rate
at which the service can profitably be supplied.
The question which the taxpayers of Ala
: meda are called upon tp meet at the present
i time is: Shall the city maintain the owner
' ship of its plant, or shall it turn it over to a j
i private corporation, to whom shall be given
! the monopoly of luhting its streets aud its
1 public and private buildiugs ?
In considering this question neither the fact
! that the city was mulcted by the purchase of !
i the Jenney plant nor the fnct that tor years
i this comparatively worthless plant was
j operated under poor management cuts any
i figure. The only bearing these facts have on
I the situation is to form a basis of judgment as |
■ to what can be done in the future with an uj>- !
j to-date plant properly handled.
The present Board of City Trustees are not !
! responsible for the mistakes of their predeces- i
j sors. They have to take the situation as they '
: find it. The question confronting them is: I
| Shall we yield to the importunities of mi
i terested parties and take steps looking to the !
; turning over of the plant to a private corpora- j
tion or shall \~c improve it so as to make it an
economical property, the benefits of which !
shall inure to the citizens at large rather than
j to a few private individuals ?
j The public must understand that there Is no
I half-way ground. Alnmeda is not large enough '
-. for two plants. Kven if it were, just so sure as '
• the city gives to a private corporation the right
to supply consumers with incandescent lights
; just so sure is the liist step taken which will
lead to the rolinquishraent of the entire city
; ownership, through corrupt public officials
Believing this to ba true, we are called upon
I to decide between municipal ownership ou I
one side and that of a private corporation on :
the other. We unhesitatingly declare in favor
Of the former. By the judicious enlargement
i of the plant which the city now has it can be
i made to pay to the taxpayers big returns for
the money invested; that nnder private cor
porate ownership it would pay such returns to
the stockholders is confidently expected by
those who are endeavoring, "in the interests
of the suffering taxpayers," to gain coutrol of
valuable property oi the. city.
If it is worth securing by a private corpora
| tion it is worth retaining by the city. The
city can make more out of it than can a pri
vate corporation. There are many expenses of
an illegitimate nature which a private corpor- !
ation is compelled to meet that a municipality i
is not confronted with. For the preservation j
of the purity of our city government we should
retain city ownership oi the plant. There is '
no greater source of'corrnption in municipal
; governments than that which results from thtf i
! necessity of investing a leeislutlve board with
power to decide between the interests of the
public and those of a private corporation.
In addition to the benefit to bi; derived by
j the citizens as taxpayers, should also be con-
I sidered the still greater benefits which will be
I gained by the Same persons as individual rate- ;
j payers. With the lighting plant in corporate
control no such rates as are now given to the i
! city can be expected. The rates given to con
j sumers of incandescent lighting are about
■ half the price of pas as now charged. With ;
; the enlargement of the plant, and the in- '
I creased demtnd that will accrue as soon as the i
I city is able to supply all who wi»h it, will come
an all-night service, and perhaps a still fur
ther reduction in rates. So that the summing !
up of the whole situation will be, that with '
proper management of an up-to-date plant the
city will be able to run its arc-light system
free of cost to the taxpayers, and at the same
time give a better service of incandescents at
less than hali the price charged to consumers
for the gas they are now using.
Whnt we have said herein is based on the '
supposition that the citieens of Alameda have
the legal, right to manufacture electricity and
sell it to themselves. It is contended by the
opponents of municipal ownership that they
have not that right— that while cities of the
) sixth class are in terms given that privilege
those of a higher class, to which Alameda be
long*, are denied it. If that be the case prog- '
ress in population and wealth is to be punished I
by contracting municipal rights and liberties '
—an anomaly which, if in existence, should i
not be permitted to conttnne. Whatever may
be the law on this point, there can be no doubt
a» to the moral right of the city to protect and
advance the interests of its citizens. If it
Bhould be decided by the courts that under the
Ihw a lameda must bo at the mercy of a privtt*
corporation for the supplying of a great utility
such as electric lighting, it would then b"e
hoore our citizens to bestir themselves with
vigor to obtain from the next Leginlature such
right of self-government which has, through
inadvertence or by chicanery, been withheld
from them.
A won! as to the objection which probably is
uppermost in the miuds of the greater number
of those who oppose the en;art?<Mnent of the
plant— that of expense and necessary increase
of taxes. Up to the time of the improvement
of the old Jenney plant, less than two years
ago, the arc-light system cost the city an aver
nge of about $1100" per month. At the present
time it costs the city about $750 per month.
When the proposed enlargement has been
effected and the incandescent system has gone
into general use, we have reason to believe
that the expense of the arc light on the tax
payers will be entirely wiped out.
If the Trustees are permitted by the courts to
get their proposed improvements into imme
diate operation, a portion of this benefit will
accrue during the present fiscal year, and by
the close of the next fiscal year the whole en
largement will have beeu paid for by this
monthly saving. From that time the saving
to the city will enable a reduction in taxation
to be made of from 10 to 15 cents annually.
Ihus it will be seen that there is money in the
treasury to pay for the proposed enlargement,
and that no further additional tax levy will
De required therefor.
In this appeal we have touched very lightly
upon the moral advantag"* which municipal
ownership possesses over that of a private
corporation. On the linancial point of view
alone the showing is overwhelmingly in our
*y or j In the P uSt Alameda has come out
ahead, although handicapped by a back-num
ber plant, purchased at an exorbitant price
and run with poor management. With a raod
n a nd an economical plant, properly han
dled, the result in the next eight years will be
not only $5000 to the credit side of the ledger,
but many times that amount. Every dollar of
extra taxes paid w ill be returned to the tax
payer within a year or two in the increased
value of his property.
That values of real estate have ruled more
tirmly m Alameda than in most citie3 in the
estate is due to the fact that our city is vigor
ous, enterprising and progressive. Every vis
itor is confronted with evidence of this fact.
>o real estate apent shows a piece of property
to a stranger without descanting on tnese evi
dences. There is not a worse setback that the
city could give itself than by taking the retro
gressive step of returning to private corporate
owm- rship of its eleetrie-lijjhting system. Tne
tendency throughout the United States is rap
idly the other way.
The number of 'cities that own their plants
s rap-.dly increasing. The reason for this is
that it pays. Statistics show that out ot 200
cities which own their plants the average re
duction in cost on the same sen-ice supplied
by private corporations hns been over 50 per
cent. Aiatneda cannot afford to be classed as
a back-number city.
While the committee desire to avoid all per
sonal allusions yet they deem it due to the
public that attention \>». called to the fact that
theauent and recognized manipulator of the
corporation which seems at present to be the
most active in its endeavors to secure the prof-
Its Oi lighting the city is the same man who
eight years ago persuaded the City Trustees to
purchase the old Jenney plant. He is the man
who secured control of a franchise for electric
lighting in the city of Oakland, which fran
chise was afterwards sold to a corporation
now operating in that city. Whether the priv
ileges sought from Alameda are with a view
to sell out to the same purchaser we have no
means of knowing. He in the same man who
now heads the scheme to force upon our city
an electric lighting plant uuder the ownenbfp
of a private corporation in defiance of public
sentiment and in contempt oi the authority of
our City Trustees.
In closing the committee desire to say a
word in reward to the present Board of t'ity
Trustees. While not excusing the mistakes of
former boards in the management of the elec
tric light plant, they do feel that credit is dv«»
to the present board. No action of importance
can be taken by a municipal iegmlative board
that will not lurnish food for criticism. Espe
cially will this be so when hirge moneyed in
terests are arrayed against the attitude of the
municipal hodv. But much as has been said
against our City Trustees for their action in
proceeding to enlarge the City's electric light
plant, the present howl is nothing as com
pared to the indignation that would have
been manifested had they proven pliant to the
wishes of those who are so willing to take the
City's so-called "unprofitable plant" and run
it themselves.
We believe that we voice the sentiment of
the great majority of the taxpayers of Alameda
when we say that tne city must maintain its
ownership, must place the plant on au econom
ical busis, must run the arc-light system with
out cost to the taxpayer and must fix the rate
on incandescent* at the lowest possible fieure
which will allow that to be done. We believe
that five years from now the present time will
be looked back upon as an era critical in the
history of the city— an era which fortunately
found in office a Board of Trustees who had
good business judgment, sincerity of purpose,
and who proved that they possessed the cour
age of their convictions.
Frank H. ItcCormiek (president), E. S. Clark,
M.D. (viee-pr- id.'tit); George K. Plummer, J.
J. Tobin, Green Majors, K. A. yon Schmidt,
Herman Krusi, executive committee.
Attest: Brainard C Brown, secretary.
WEAVER DECLARES WAR,
Will Refuse to Yield Up His
Position at the Alms
house.
He Warns Reddy, the New Appointee,
That He Must Resort to the
Courts.
Superintendent Weaver of the Alms
house should go out of office to-day if he
obeyed the dictum of the Board of Health,
but, as he has announced on several oc
casions, he has no intention of vacating
his otlice without a legal fight.
Mr. Weaver believes— as do several hun
dred prominent citizens and many or
ganizations that have indorsed him in
cluding the Supervisors and Grand Jury —
that bis removal by the board was entirely
illegal and not in accordance with the law
that declares that the incumbent of the
position cannot be removed except lor
cause.
He looks upon the action of the board as
a purely political move and in this idea he
is upheld by his many friends, who have
advised him to hold his place until ousted
by the courts or declared the legal Su
perintendent.
The spirit of fairness which actuates Mr.
j Weaver in his attempt to hold his position
; is shown by the rollowing letter that he
tent yesterday to Edward Keddy, the man
chosen by tne board to succeed the in
cumbent:
Ban Fkancisco, May 14, 1896.
■Sir: I beg to inform you that Ido not recog
nize the validity of the recent action of the
Board of Health of this City and County in
uiideriHKing to remove me from and to ap
| point you to the position of Superintendent of
the Ahnshouse in said City and County, and I
propose to contest said action, and refuse to
surrenderor vacate my position as Superin-
I tendent, unless I shall be compelled to do so
! through the judgment of a court or other
! lecal KOMM.
1 take pleasure in assnrlng you that my
i determination is not based on the slightest
hostility to yourself, but bolely on the belief,
lortitied t.y advice of counsel, tnat I have not
I been legally removed and that you have not
bv*n legally appointed.
l will cheerfully facilitate you, in every law
ful way and by waiving useless technicalities
to obtain speedy decision as to the right to the
position, and in the public interests una with
r lorcnec to the efficiency of the Almshouse
Itself, and the preservation of good order and
discipline therein, suggest that we can
1 amicably arrange, through our respective
attorneys, for the prompt determination of the
I legal questions involved. Kesi-ectfully yours,
P. L. Weaver.
i Mr. Weaver will simply wait until Mr.
! Reddy demands the control of the Alms
( house, refuse to vacate and then resist all
efforts to oust him through the medium of
tue courts.
PROGRESSIVE SPIRITUALISTS
, GlTe an Enjoyable Social Hop at Golden
Gate Hall.
The Society of Progressive Spiritualists
held their monthly meeting last night at
Golden Gate Hall. A large number were
in attendance and the following excellent
programme was rendered:
Piano duet, the Misses Packscher; song and
; dance, little Miss Ro<enblura; recitation, Oiif
-1 IV ™ ilcUcnnan; vocal solo.Mr Barus; quartet,
Mrs. Hlckic. Mrs. Coleman, Mr. Dinan and Mr.
I Knorp; recitation. \ 4 . Hlckok; tenor solo,
UenryDinau; fancy dance, Miss Qulnlan.
At the conclusion of the programme
dancing was enjoyed until a late hour.
• — ♦ ♦
Sir Francis Scott, commandant of the
A«nantee expedition, has taken luncheon
with Queen. Victoria since his return to
hnglana, and is now one of the lions of
j the moment in London.
OAKLAND IS TO
HONOR LINCOLN,
The City Will Raise a
Monument in Lincoln
Park.
MAYOR DAVIE'S IDEAS.
Opinion Divided Between Local
Work and an Eastern
Design.
PAET OF THE FUNDS BAISED.
Douglas Tilden Has Made a Model
Which Some of the Subscribers
Indorse.
The city of Oakland intends to erect a
heroic Btetue of President Lincoln in Lin
coln Park.
For some time money has been accumn-
Dongla9 Tilden's Design for the Lincoln Monument In Lincoln Park, Oakland.
lating by subscription for thefnnd. Mayor
Davie is very much interested in the
scheme, and a number of other prominent
Oaklanders are also pushing it along.
Enough money has now come in to raise
a statue, but not so handsome a one as the
more enthusiastic admirers of Lincoln
would like to see erected, and the proba
bility is that the monument will not be
definitely ordered till the fnnd has reached
the sum of $5000.
Tho original intention was to collect
enough money to order a stereotyped Lin
coln of some Eastern firm, but a number
of admirers of the ex-President represent
that he has already suffered badly at the
hands of the stereotyped monnment
maker in San Francisco, and they do net
I want to see atrocities, in the name of art,
I perpetrated upon them by the City of
Oaks. These admirers of Lincoln as he
was, and not as he is represented on Fifth
street, are making strenuous efforts to
have the plan for a stereotyped importa
tion set aside in lavor of some local sculp
tor's work.
No definite arrangement has yet been
entered into with the young California
sculptor, Douglas Tilden, but a design he
has made meets with favor from a num
| ber of the subscribers who want the city of
Oakland to erect an original work of art
while she is about it and not import a
stereotyped statue.
Tilden's design has a good deal of orig
inality of conception, and it is peculiarly
adapted to a park or other place where it
would be in the open air. Lincoln is rep
resented resting on a bench at thtf top of a
wide flight of stairs, riis attitude is ex
j pressive of rest after labor. He leans
i against the back of the bench, his head
; bent slightly forward and his hands
folded.
On the bench beside the fieure of the
great abolitionist lie a number of open
letters and at his feet lie several news
papers, as if they htd fallen Irom his
hands before he fell into reposeful rev
erie.
The monument, as at present designed,
would cost $5000. The statue of Lincoln,
which is of bronze in the model, is in
tended to be 7 feet in height and the steps
and bench are intended to be of propor
tionately heroic dimensions. The stair
way is of granite and the bench of marble,
a unique idea, it is stated, for people ac
quainted with the most celebrated statues
and monuments here and in Europe, state
that they have no recollection of having
seen a design representing a bronze figure
seated on a marble bench.
Behind the staircase, a rock towers to a
considerable height on the right hand, the
idea being to drape this with ivy. The
rear of the staircase at the left is blank,
but if a suitable oak tree can be found, the
monument will be built near it, about
ten feet from the trunk, so that the
branches can overhang the figure seated
on the bench.
The money subscribed belongs to the city
of Oakland and it is expected that before
long there will be enough collected to
accept designs and set to work on the mon
ument for Lincoln Park.
BASEBALL TO BE REVIVED
The Presidio and Ferries Rail
road Company's New
Grounds.
Opsning Day Set for the 31st of May
by Four Teams Now Or
ganized.
The National game of baseball is to be
revived in San Francisco. Four teams
have been organized and expectations are
that some more will be ready for piaying
within a few weeks.
No suitable ulace had been found in the
City large enough to encourage the forma
tion of leagues until the present, when the
Presidio and Ferries Railroad Oropany
secured two blocks of land from the heirs
of the Fair estate for this purpose.
The location of the new baseball prounds
is on Haker street, between Francisco and
North Point. The ground is one block in
width from Baker street to Broderick and
two blocks de.'p from Francisco street to
North Point, Bay sireet being inclooed in
the ground.
In addition to the many feet of sand
dumped upon the marsh, the superin
tendent. Frank Teilhet, is having four
inches of yellow clay spread upon the sur
face. Over this atrain will be spread three
inches of loam. The whole will then be
sown with Kentucky bluegrass.
A handsome grand stand, capable of
seating 1500 persons, is being erected on
the grounds with its back toward Baker
street, where the entrance gate will be lo
cated.
The benches will be made of white pine,
with comfortable backs and ample room
for the patrons to stretch their limbs, a
great immovement on the old-fashioned
narrow seats with a single rail at the back
and hardly foot-room iv front. The entire
opening in front will be enclosed with wire
netting.
Underneath the grand stand will be
located tLe clubrooms and a place where
refreshments can be had.
The diamond will be set within fifty feet
of the center of the stand, which will bring
the field as close to the spectators as it is
possible to do.
The opening day will in all probability
be hxed for Sunday, May 31.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN
Big Bace Meet at Central Park To-
Morrow — Some Sunday
Band.
Everything is practically in readiness
for the big National circuit bicycle meet to
bo held on the Central Park track to-mor
row afternoon and evening. Thirty pow
erful electric lights have been placed about
the grounds, and were tried for the first
time last night. They illuminated the
park as thoroughly as could be desired.
All yesterday afternoon and far into tbe
evening the riders were training upon the
track, and the different clubs and racing
men are all taking a great deal of interest
in the meet, which should insure its suc
cess. The afternoon events will be a
mile scratch, professional, a mile handi-
cap, amateur, and the preliminary heatg |
of the mile iiandicap, professional. The :
final heat of this race will be run in the j
evening, together with a mile scratch, i
amateur, and a half-mile scratch, profes
sional.
Members of the League of American ''
Wheelmen will be admitted to the park at
■ reduction of 23 cents upon any priced
ticket they may purehase_upon showing
their membership cards. This concession
was granted upon the request of Chief
Consul Kerrigan.
It will be noted, probably with some sur
prise by those familiar with recent cycle
events, that Harry F. Terrili is entered in
all the professional races at Central
Park tomorrow, although he has
been suspenued by the racing board.
Terrili sent in his entry and it was put
through the usual course, being given to
the haudicapper, but It. Al. Welch, mem
ber of the racing board, to whom the ques
tion was put by The Call reuresentative,
stated that under no circumstances would
Terrili be allowed on the track or even in
side the grounds anywhere except in the
grand stand. "He" has been suspended
and it is useless for him to think that such
suspension will be raised as the fault was far
too aggravated. He will only waste time and
annoy meet promoters by sending in his |
entry as he cannot be allowed to ride, and !
any trick on which he was permitted to do
10 would be refused further sanctions, and i
any man riding against him would be sus- I
pended. How long Terrill will remain
under the ban of the racing board I can
not say; certainly until he pays the fine of
$20 imposed upon him and apologizes to '
Referee Plummer, whom he insulted at
Bsnta Rosa; it may be for years and it
may be forever," said Mr. Welch, smiling i
at the aptness of the quotation he had un
consciously used.
The National circuit date at Santa :
Monica on Saturday, May 23, having been i
abandoned, it nas been "suggested to hold
the circuit followers here and give an- ,
other meet at the Central Park track on '
that day. Tina will probably be done, as j
the racing board is willing 'to ciant the
sanction, so that this City will be favored
vim two circuit meets. Last year it had
none, and this will make up for it.
Next Sunday will be a day of club runs
for the cycling organizations hereabouts. ,
The Acmes and Olympic wheelmen wili i
have a joint run, the Garden City cyclers
and Olympic cyclers another, the Outings
go to Redwood City, the Kay City wheel
men to Petaluma. Liberty Cycling" Club to
San Jose and return, San Francisco Road
Club to Redwood City, Camera Clubcvcliats
to the park, with the other clubs vet* to be
heard from. Full particulars as "to start
ing time, etc., -will be given in The Call
to-morrow.
The Olympic cyclers' minstrel snow and
dance at Native Suns' Hall last evening
was a great success, and was thoroughly
enjoyed by all who attended. The enter
tainment given was excellent, and the
members who took part acquitted them
selves admirably.
John H Witts, captain of the Crescent
Bicycle Club of Fall River, Mass who
rode from that point to this City last year
started on his return trip awheel yester
day. He was escorted part way by mem
bers of the San Francisco Roa"d Club to
which he belongs. Witts hopes to make
the trip in sufficiently fast time to lower
all existing transcontinental records.
BULES FOR INSPECTORS.
How the Board of Health Will Handle
Cattle Affected With Tuberculogla.
The Board of Health held a special
meeting yesterday and adopted regula
tions for the guidance of its inspectors in
searching for tuberculosis among the cat- '
tie of this City and County.
On a. herd coming under the suspicion
of the department the inspector will be in !
structed to make the United States tuber- :
rules! tCSt aDd Ca " ° Ut the f °llowing '
and request said owner or person in^harl^n
have preseut uurlng tho euttretime^£n£
oHx^--^L^^i
■Silii
isilitlp
souaU douKt th« 8 a ConiiMifln Wvendare*.
amictea with tabMcuionia you will submit to
"i£J thereupon MqiMM nu-h. veterinary I
Mir^m, if B ereU .^ On "I 1 "1 8' »«ch veterinary
•"MOD, it any l ° ere **>• to certify in writing i
rectH « r£b> ' 1 and . ttK> correctness or incor
rectness of your conclusions.
unn.M y i ou v h * n be R »t«sfl<Hl beyond any rea
• . 1 lbt lhat "">" «nirnal la »•«* herd is !
atl.teird «,tn tuberculosis you shall request
■Vi.t o*"." vm J*-rson i" <-harjre thereof Imrae- !
.flu?' '° 111 tlll> Bame i filing which you '
shall Immediately kllLuch animal. , ' j
o. immediately .*' tor making the proper au- '
topaj on B V ch , defttl you will report
ESjftyiYv jtp Jw JSf =^^^^*^"'"
HUDYAN w nEX YOU begin to
TT have bed dreams,
UIinVAM when you begin to feel
n\J U I r\IV tired and weary in the
morning, when you can't
HUDYAN look your fellow square in
n\j v i fti^i t |, e face when you feel
.-..__,__. timid, irritated and ex-
HUDYAN cited, then is the time that
you must have a iriend to
Miinv A M help you. Hudyanisyour
UUY A IM friend. Hudyan is "man's
best friend. Hudyan stops
HIinVAM bad dreams, night losses,
»»*«'*-'« r\i* cures failing manhood, re-
___._.. „ __ news, remakes man. If
HUDYAN yo« don't sleep well, if
your appetite is poor, if
UlinV AM you ar c suffering from the
nUUYAIM effects of youthful follies,
you should take lludyan.
HIinVAN You need something to
nkjlj i ftiN brace yon up- Take the
UMnu ... best you can get. You
HUDYAN can pet Hudyaii only by
applying to the doctors of
UlinuAM ie Hudson Medical In-
MUUYAN stimte.
*•*•• •* * * * * * *
• HUDTAX *
Circulars and Testimonials
• FREE. *
*************
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
TAINTED BLOOD.
TlHTrft filftilft Impure blood, doe to
Hl.iir.V Dk\rW serious private- disorders,
TAISfED BLOOD carries myriads of sore-
Ttl\Tl.'H ItiAAU Producing germs. Then
lAiillbll BLWio come sore throat, pimples,
TIiYTFI) Hi ODD copper-colored spots, ul-
fi.lmrii.-K ni In cers in mouth, old sores
TAINTED BLOOD ami falling hair. You can
TAMED BLOOD b^^tlug^foV '«
TAIJTED BLOOD SSSotiL" 10 ' old pbysl "'
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kill* Sts.
KIDNEYS Many men ]eftd rapia
!/rnMrvo lives and subject them-
KIDNEYb selves to such baneful
practices that their kid.
1/ InM C V C ncyg are almost used up.
MUINCIO These are a few of the
effects of wasted kidneys:
KIDNEYS Great Weakness— Thirst
iMumtio —Excessive Quantity of
f/inMrvo Water Passed — Emacia-
KIDNEYS tion — Specific Gravity
High— Bilious Attacks—
K"inNP"VQ Neuralgic Fains
MUINCIO —Sudden Sweats— Failure
of Vision — Catarrh — Loss
KIDNEYS of Se* lllll Power-Mouth.
IXIUIIUI ° Dry -Tongue Coated —
i/inMcvo Gums Sore and Bleed Eas-
KIDNEYS Appetite Variable—
Flatulence — Cons tipatioa
I^inMCVC or Diarrhoea— Skin Dry
fMUINC I O and Yellowish — Boils —
Carbuncle — Eczema 1 1 and
KIDNEYS Etchings— Swellingof Low-
riiuncio er Extremities — Loss ot
i/mMr\Ao Flesh. If you want to
KIDNEYS learn all about your kid-
neys write for the book,
KIDNEYS y 3°"" ' " *"*•
HLDSOS MEDICAL ISSTITCTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
LIVER When yonr liver is affected
j ~ ■— * ■ you may feel blue, melancholy.
I r rr. irritable and easily discon-
LIVbK certed. You. will notice many
symptoms that you really have.
I I\/C"D and many that you really do not
, 1-1 VCn have. You need a good liver
regulator, and this you should
LIVER tnke at once - You * can ? e it
. 1 - 1 * from us. Write for book on
i iirrn Uver doubles, "All About the-
| LIVER Liver," seat free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE I
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
&*} nn WSB
Mm
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Basset Shoes are now the style, and we lead for .
! nobby style* of Russets at bedrock prices. No
I odds and er.ds, bat everything new and well made.
1 We are still Handicapped by that fence on the cor-
i ncr, and we have resolved to sell lower than ever.
; We are offering si eclal bargains this week. I.a»
! dies' Fine Itusset KM Lace i>hoes, with either kid
■ or brown cloth tops, and Ladles' Russet Kid Bat-
I ton. They have very pointed toes and tips. Lat-
> est style of ToKlo lajt, which we will sell for
52.00
, « pair. We defy competition. No store In this
! city Is offering Kusset shoes like these under $2 60
or $ 3. The Russet kid is soft and pliable and the
cloth is the best grade. -
£?■ Country orders solicited.
gjT Send for Xsw Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
Wright's Mai Vegetal Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons wha
have used them for over forty years to enr©
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDIXES.% CONSTIPA-
, TION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and -
; purify the blood.
Crossman's SDeciflc Mixture
Uli this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
: change In application to business. The medlclna
contains nothing that la of the least Injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist for iv tries *1 •SUNDAY PAPERS
ARE CONDEMNED,
Are Said to Be Not Needed
and Declared Inimical
to Religion.
GOOD PEOPLE OBJECT.
The California Sabbath Associa
tion Expresses Its Con
victions.
APPEAL FOR SUNDAY LAWS.
Winerooms on Ferry Steamers, Saloons,
Etc., Would Be Closed by This
L-cislation.
The California Sabbath Association held
its annual convention yesterday at the
ftaditi - . eY. 11. C. A. building.
The first 9 n, beginning at 10 o'clock
in the morning, wa3 opened by devotional
exercises, following which were the re
ports of oißcers and the appoiniing'of com
mittees.
The executive committee of the past
annual report, outlined the ac
tion taKen by it since the last couvention,
its work being a work that would have
been done by the association had it been
in session, consisting largely in prepara
1. id for future action to be taken in behalf
of Sunday observance, particularly with
reference to the enactment of a new Sab
bath law. It also had prepared memorials
lor the councils of the three cities of Ala
meda County asking the passage of an or
dinance to close t!;e upen Sunday saloons
and cigar and tobacco stands, and further
to prohibit the sale and delivery of buuday
newspa
The second session, commencing at 1:30
r. m. , was opened by the offering of a
prayer by Rev. Dr. Calhoun. Tue follow
ing officers and committees were elected
for the ensuing'year:
President, Key. Dr. S. H. Willey; field gecre
tary, Rev. Dr. M. C Krigg*; corresponding sec
retary, Key. N. K. Johnston; recording secre
tnry and treasurer. Mr?. Nellie B. Eyster.
Executive committee— Key. i>r. \V. \v. Case,
R< v. ]>r. A. Calhoun, W. M. Cubery, Key. Dr.
E. K. Dille, Mrs. Nellie B. Xyster, Key. J. M.
i reach, Key. Dr. W. a. Ketcbnm, Rev. Robert
AVhitaker, Rev. J. Cumming Smith, Key. John
• !, I'eacon t. C. Williams and Rev. M.
P. Boynton.
The following resolutions were framed
and adopted :
I he sabbath, as instituted by God, observed
and expounded by Jesus Christ and realized in
hun>an experience, is moral In its character
and most beneficent in its influences, not in
stituted lor any particular people or ages, but
for the human family in all ages. Its observ
ance as required by Go:*, is of perpetual obliga
tion; by its right observance the moral char
acter of our citizens will be improved, every
Interest of the State promoted and the duties
and privileges of the Christian religion will be
made possible to all our citizens, Therefore,
Resolved, That we urge upon all friends of
the Sabbatn the duty of pressing themselves
from all participation in the many public and
private ways of Sabbath desecration now so i
evidently prevalent in the Suite of California,
and that we earnestly request all professors of
the Christian religion to strive In every pror>er
wav, but especially by themselves remember
in* the Sabbath day to keep it holy, to induce
all the people of our State to honor the Sabbath
by rightly observing the moral requirements
■which forever stand as divine saleguards of
every human interest.
That we invite the co-operation of all good
citizens in securing a Sabbath law in the State
of California which shall restrain all our citi
zens from unnecessary work and all demoral
izing practices on the Sabbath and secure to
all the benefits of Sabbath rest and the oppor
tunity to worship God.
That we petition Congress to enact a law for
bidding the carrying and handling of the
United States mail on the Sabbath and ail un
necessary labor by employes of the Govern
ment and railroads and other corporations.
That saloons where intoxicating liquors are
sold on the Sabbath are among the greatest
foes of the Sabbath; therefore, we ask fora
Suite law closing them on the Sabbath.
Among the many forms of Sabbath desecra
tion that enrse the people none can find less
excuse than the liquor saloon, the ferry-bo* ts
on the bay of San Francisco, these saloons are
evil and only evil every day of the week and
should be suppressed by law, but they are all
the more iniquitous and dangerous when they
are kept open on the Sabbath day in violation |
of the positive command the divine law gives, i
therefore
Kito'tcd, That as. friends of the Sabbath as
well as of temperance we bear testimony
against this inexcusable iniquity, and hereby
earnestly beseech the officers of the company
that have charge or control of these saloons to
abolish them.
Sunday newspapers are a modern invention
by which publishers hope to mate money.
They are not needed. They are demoralizer's.
They are enemies to the best interests of re
ligion and the church of Christ, besides they
require much secular work on the sacred day
of rest, and these are produced for. the reading
public in direct violation of the Divine Law.
At 3 o'clock a public meeting was held,
prayer being offered by Rev. Dr. J. M.
French. Rev. Robert Whitaker delivered
an address on "The Duty of the State to
Secure a Weekly Resi-'day for All La
borers."
He said that one of the happiest signs of
the time? was the fact that this movement
had so many advocates. He believed that
if people are to make a day of rest for the
working man it could be done only on the
ground of general good rather than on
specific religious reasons.
"It would be a great advantage to every
church," said he, "if there was legisla
tion making it unlawful to labor on thPt
day, congregations and attendance would
be largely increased."
The Rev. Dr. W. W. Case followed with
an address on "Responsibilities of the
Pulpit and of the Church in Regard to the
Sabbath." He said the responsibility of
the whole matter lay with the clergymeu
oi the evangelical churches. That there |
was too much apathy among clergymen on j
this subject. He believed the matter I
should be worked up in the prayer meet
ings.
"Every minister." said he, "should be
above suspicion on this subject in bis own
practice. He should teach it persi3ently
by word and example— not once a year,
but all the time."
A short discussion followed, in which
several of the members took part, and all
expressed strong views on the subject
against any deviation whatsoever from
the divine rule concerning the Sabbath
day.
Rev. Dr. H. A. Ketc! was delegated
to convey to the Endcavorers at San Jose
their hearty co-operation and views on the
conducting of concerts on the Sabbath
day. _^___________
DISCUSSED SPRINKLING.
Merchant! Association Presented Plans j
' to the. Street Committee Yesterday.
A delegation from the Merchants' Asso
ciation, consisting of lingo D. Keil of
Goldberg, Bowen & Co., Henry Michaels
of Langley & Michaels Company, F. W.
Dohrmann of Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.,
A. Fusenot of G. Verdier & Co., Marshall
Hale of Hale Bros., J. Silverman. and Mor
ris Fredericks of Will & Finck Company,
met the Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday to discuss plans and
specifications for sweeping and sprinkling
the Dusiness streets of the city. ■ • ;
Mr. Dohrmann spoke at length on the
good that would accrue to the municipality
if the business streets and main thorough
fares, boulevards and avenues were
sprinkled regularly, and also argued that
it was the duty of* the municipality to un
dertake the work and provide for the ex
pense by taxing tho property-owners ben
efited.
John T. Dare, who said that he repre
sented 1800 property-owners who were op
posed to the scheme of the Merchants' As
sociation, spoke in opposition to the plan
of sprinkling only the main streets. He
said tliat it was only right and just that if
any streets were sprinkled all in neel of
it should be piven the same treatment.
lie brought figures to show that in many
Eastern cities the i.;erchants defray the
expense of sprinkling the streets in the
vicinity of their business houses.
The Merchants' Association also sub
mitted an interesting batch of figures and
data for the consideration of the commit
tee and the matter was taken under ad
visement for a week.
ORIENTAL PUBLISHING.
Chinese Printers l>o All the Work From
the Mikndo'g I;<>:>lu< to Korneo.
W. H. Purceil of the great publishing
house of Kelly & "Walsh at Yokohama,
Hongkong, Shanghai and Singapore, the
largest in the Orient, is at the Occidental.
The firm employs English foremen and
Chinese printers. The house has been
founded since 18G0.
It publishes all tbe voluminous books
used in the Chinese Government service,
with many others of different kinds in
China, Japan and Calcutta. The house
also publishes literary works of all kinds,
among them being some of the same hooks
that are issued by the fc?cribners. The
house in its ramifications and varied pat
ronage may be said to extend from Japan
to Borneo.
"Our greatest work, and one compara
tively recently issued," said Mr. Purcell
yesterday, "was Giles' Chinese-English
Dictionary. It cost a large amount of
money to get it out.
"We handle a great many works of
PROMINENT NORWEGIANS WHO HAVE BEEN ACTIVE IN PROMOTING THE CELEBRATION OF NORSE INDEPENDENCE.
European publishers in addition to our
extensive printing business. We have
published several papers and among them
was a comic wex-kly not long ago, but it
did not succeed. It appears that there is
not yet enough patronage to support that
kind of a publication in the Orient."
Mr. Purcell is en route to London and
other European capitals on business in
connection with his house.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Estimate of the Amount Required for
the Jiext Fiscal Year. '
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and accepted the resignation of
Henry J. McConville of engine 33 and
John O'Brien of engine 14. "John McNa
mara and John F. McGrath were appointed
to engine 33 and John Bolan to engine H.
The following estimate of the amount of
money required for the running of the
department for the fiscal year 1690-97 was
submitted:
Salaries, £400,500; pensions, $15,000; relief
to injured firemen, $1000: leaves of absence,
$12,000; running expense. $80,000; material,
$30,000; five new engines at $-1000 each. $20,-
OO0; one new water-tower, !f5OO0; two new
hose-wagons, $950; new hose, $10,000; new
house for engine 10, $0000; new house for
truck 3, $15,000; new house and lot for pro
posed Engine Company 34. $0000; new house
and lot for proposed Engine Company 35,
$7000; alterations and repairs to houses, $15,
-000; horses, $5000; hydrants (new), castings
and setting, $60,000. Total, $038,450.
This is a reduction of $31,550 as compared
with the amount for the present fiscal year.
♦ — ♦ *
Life insurance experts contend that a
w oman who is in good health at the age of
45 is likely to outlive a man of the same
age, because she is, nsa rule, more temper
ate in habits and is less liable to accidents.
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
THE DAY THEY
WERE MADE FREE.
Anniversary Celebration of
Norway's Indepen
dence.
EIGHTY-TWO YEARS AGO.
The Proposed Two Days' Fes
tivities of " Den Norske
Forening."
TO BE IN SARATOGA HALL.
A Farce-Comedy, a Ball ani Banquet,
With Appropriate Speeches,
Will Be Given.
"What the Fourth of July is to the
American people May 17 is to all Nor
wecians. They, the hardy sons of the
north, have the same hatred of oppression
and that love for liberty which are the
distinguishing traits of the people of the
United States, and they never fail to cele
brate the anniversary of the day upon
which they proclaimed their independ-
The Norwegians of this City and State,
some 8000 miles away from their beloved
country, who are banded under the banner
of Den NorsUe Forening, a society essen
tially Norwegian, propose not to be out
done by any other national celebration
this year, and they will begin the festivi
ties at 8 o'clock to-morrow night and con
tinue them until Sunday.
The etory of Norway's battle for liberty
will be told over and over again in prose
and poesy, and the little sons and daugh
ters of the Norwegians on this coast will
listen to the tale as recited to them in the
adopted h ome of their fathers.
It dates back as far as the ninth century
when many of the most prominent men
of Norway, tired of Danish supremacy,
left their homes and founded a colony in
Iceland. To these men is due the most
complete part of the history of Northern
Europe. In 1814, after having for centu
ries been under rule of a Danish King,
Norway decided to cast aside the yoke.
Denmark was at war with England and
Sweden. Sweden had just lost Finnland
and at the conference at Kiel tbe European
powers agreed that Norway should be
freed from Danish control and pass under
the protection of Sweden.
This was only a change of masters, one
as objectionable as the other, and the Nor
wegians on May 17, 1814, took a decisive
stand, repudiating the action of the con
ference ana declaring their independence.
Sweden, exhausted by the war she had
juit been in. was not In a position to force
matters and Norway gained bcr point.
Crown Prince Karl Johan Bernadotte
of Sweden, who recognized Norway's
rijrht as a separate and distinct country
with the «arne rights as Sweden, was
chosen ruler of both countries, but Nor
way, through her own congress, formu
lated her own law?.
Out of the spirit of freedom and
liberty came such men as Ole Bull, to
whom 8 monument is now being erected
vi Minneapolis; lijulmnr Hjorth Boyesen,
who died last year, who wrote many
valuable books, including the history of
the discovery ot America by Norwegians
in the year "1000; United States Senator
Knute "Nelsen from Minnesota and late
Governor ol that State; Rasmus B. Ander
sen, late United States Minister to Den
mark, who translated all the works of
Bjorntjerne Bjorr.son.
Norway is the most democratic country
in the world. In fact it is positively
socialistic. The Government own? or con
trols all the railways, mails, telegraph,
telephone systems, water works, gas
works, electric works and steamships, all
of which are run for the benefit of the
people.
It is to congratulate themselves for all
these good things acquired within the
past eiirhty-two years that the Norwegians
will celebrate here at Saratoga Hall to
morrow nisht.
The fete will begin with a farce enti
tled "Til Saeters," under the direction of
Mr. Haifdau Grotschier. The amateurs to
take part are the Misses Jennie Paulsen
and Fanny Oxholiu. and Messrs. G. A.
Skocsiad, Olaf Thomsen, Claus Isaacksen,
Huifdan Grotschier, Ivar Jansen, Paul
Jacobsen and Thomas Thiis.
Dancing will be in order after the play
until the midnight hour, the dawn o*f
May 17, the anniversary of Norway's inde
pendence, when to the patriotic song of
"Sonner af Norge" by all present, a pro
cession will bo formed and a march tatteu
to the banquet hall. Speeches^ will be
made and toasts drank to Norway, the
home of their birth, and to the United
States, their home by adoption.
C. J. HALE MISSING.
iTlie Police Are Endeavoring to Trace
Ills Whereabouts!
Clarence J. Hale, clerk in the wholesale
hardware house of Dunham, Carrigan &
Hisvden Company, is missing, and the
police are endeavoring to find him. He
has been suffering from nervous prostra
tion and loss of memory, caused by over
work, and it is feared that some injury has
befallen him. He left his home, 3U9 "Tay
lor street, Wednesday morning, and old
not return.
Hale is 42 years of age, but he looks
more like 50. He is 5 feet 7 or 8 inches
tall, trray eyes, black and gray hair, full
beard and mustache, and is slightly lame.
Every elTort to trace his whereabouts has
to far failed.
A Balky Oocnment.
The transcript on appeal from the decision
in the Oakland water-iront ca?e has been filed
in the Supreme Court. It Is a most volumin
ous document— so bulky indeed as to make it
absolutely impossible for the Supreme Court
Justice* to read it through. There ar-> tiouo
folios, or 003.000 words— enough matter to till
half a dozen newspapers if printed by the
column. There are three volumes, two of
which are printed, and the third is a portfolio
of exhibits. It Is one oi the largest documents
ever filed in the Supreme Court of this State.
One morning recently, while out for a
walk, Professor Alfred Free of New Lon
don, Conn., found a pure white robin. He
was astonished to see such a rare bird in
that locality.
MASONS WERE
NOT ROBBED,
The Tale of the Cemetery
Association Pecu
lations.
ONE HUMOROUS STORY.
Members Wonder How They Lost
Half a Million Without
Knowing It.
GRAND OFFICERS EXPLAIN.
Pilferings of a Bibulous Superin
tendent Were Grossly
Distorted,
There was a great deal of quiet amuse
ment among the Masons of the City yes
terday over a lurid account of fraud and
duplicity, laid at the door of the Masonic
Cemetery Association, printed in s morn
ing paper.
According to that, sensational narrative
the cemetery association uns lent itself
during the last five or six years to a well
guarded scheme of peculation. Thou
sands upon thousands of dollars nave dis
appeared from the funds of the associa
tion, If the writer of the article referred to
is to be credited, and the members of the
order have slumbered while all this was
going on.
In one instance a man named G»y, so it
is set forth with suggestive embellishment,
pot away with $40,000. He was superin
tendent. His tenure of office extended
over a period of fifteen years. According
to Attorney Countryman, who is quoted
by the morning papers a% its informant,
Gay managed to take nearly $50,000 under
the eyes of the trustees and without
making use of six signatures to every
warrant drawn on the treasury.
"it is natural we should laugh at such
an absurd story," remarked a prominent
Mason yesterday. "It is the outcome of
an inquiry made by Oriental Lodge in
connection with its request that its contri
bution to the cemetery fund be reduced
from $70 a year to a smaller amount.
When it was "found tnat the association
had $50,000 on hand they wondered and
wanted to Know 'how so 1 and 'wherefor'."
Grand Master Pierson and Grand Secre
tary Johnson smiled broadly when their
attention was called to the story and
pointed out the absurdity of the supposi
tion that the order through the cemetery
association, composed of some of the old
est and most honorable Ma«ons in the
State, could be robbed of several hundred
thousand dollars.
Said Grand Secretary Johnson: "It ii
too ridiculous to be discussed seriously.
The trustees of the cemetery association
. NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
BARGAIN-DAf SPECIALS
OF EXTRAORDINARY MERIT!
In conformity with our rule of offering EXTRA INDUCEMENTS to our
Bargain-Day patrons we select a variety of the MOST SEASONABLE AND
POPULAR LINES and place them ON SPECIAL SALE TO-DAY at figures
that in many cases are
ONLY Ye TO V a YAM!
LADIES' KID GLOVES
-<&.t 25 Cents.
200 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in tan an.l brown shades, sizes 6%, 7 and 7%,
extra good value for 75c, will be offered at 25c a pair.
-A-t 23 Conts.
150 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, in mode and slate shades, all sizes, extra good
value for 75c, will be offered at 25c a pair.
J±.t 61.00.
500 pairs 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES, in tan, red, brown and English red
shades, extra good value for $1 50, will be offered at $1 a pair.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS!
j£Ut 75 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Satin (lined), value %1 25, will be offered at 75c each.
JZ-* $1.00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Surah Silk, with ruffles, value ?1 60, will be offered at |1
each.
J&Jt 61.50.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gros-Grain Silk, with one and two ruffles, value |2, will
be offered at $1 50 each.
CORSETS! CORSETS !
j&jt 65 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' BLACK CORSETS, extra Jons waist, high bust, two side steels,
perfect fit guaranteed, regular price $1, will be offered at 65c each.
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS!
COLORED SPANGLED TRIMMINGS, in the newest patterns, latest shading?, all
widths, from 10c a yard and upward.
JET AND COLORED YOKES, both Beaa and Spangled, with and without epau-
lettes, latent designs, and at very low prices.
BLACK OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS AND COLLARETTES, from 18 inches to 54
inches, best quality. 18-inch. $3 to 58 50 each ; 36 inch to 54 inch, $8 50 to $18 50 each.
DRESSING SACQUES AND LADIES' CHEMISES!
-A.t 73 Conts.
LADIES' DRESSING SACQUES, made of Eiderdown flannel, in red, blue, pink and
cray, perfect fit, regular price $1 50,. will be offered at 75c each.
-A.* SO Conts.
SADIES' CHEMISES, made of fine material, finished with deep ruffle, edged with
colored embroidery, regular price $1, will be offered at 50c each.
MEN'S' FURNISHINGS!
.A-t 1O Co?.i +< 3. : ■'-.:■"• '
100 dozen MEN'S, LADIES' AND BOYS' ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS, in new
designs of fancy figures and in light and dark colors, extra good value for 25c, will
De offered at 10c each.
-A.* 12 Cents.
162 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, with double spliced
heels and toes, in sanitary gray and vicuna colors, regular price $2 a dozen, will be
offered at 12}£c a pair.
-A.t 25 Conts.
75 dozen MEN'S CHEVIOT AND MADRAS OVERSHIRTS, in a choice variety of
colors, extra well finished, regular price 50c, will be sold at 25c each.
REMNANTS ! REMNANTS !
In connection with the above the week's vast accumulation of Remnants and
Short Lengths of DRESS GOODS AND SILKS will be cleared out
AT GREAT REDUCTIONS TO-DAY.
/m/Mr^^ MURPHY BTTILDIDrQi /
(/(/ Mli Street corner of Jones, /
O-AJNT BTLAKTCnsoo.
are too well known as Masons and men to
permit of such a suspicion as that insinu
ated. A superintendent they employed
some years ago got to drinkinir and used a
few hundred dollars that belonged to the
association, but there is a great difference
between a trivial peculation of that kind
and a discrepancy of $40,000."
Secretary Hobe of the cemetery associa
tion said he would treat the whole matter
with Btlentcontempt, but he warmed up to
the subject finally and said that if the
charges made were not so palpably unjust j
they would be comical. "Why, "he said
with warmth, "the men composiifg the !
association are past masters of some of the j
leading lodges of California, and they are
men of means. The idea of a steal — but,
pshaw, it is too nonsensical. I shall treat
the whole thing with silent contempt."
H. L. Davis, president of the associa
tion, showed the improbability of the
story by referring to the constitutional
provision that no moneys can be drawn j
from the treasury unless* the warrant con- j
tamed six signatures.
Mr. Countryman, who was quoted as
authority by the morning paper, called
attention to a legislative enactment pro
viding that the association could not have
more than $5000 in the fund created for
the care of the graves, and that the surplus
might be paid to the relief board. He
wanted to know how that surplus had
been disposed of. He had nothing to offer
in confirmation of the charge that the
alleged peculations amounted to several
thousand dollars.
The other Masons questioned on the
subject who did not laugh at the story of
half a million in fraudulent appropria
tions dismissed the subject with a laugh.
NEW SEALING RULES.
Regulations Governing Vessels Em
ployed in Sea Otter ll anting Daring
the Preseut Season.
Collector Wise is in receipt of the follow
ing rules governing sea otter hunting dur
ing the year 1896:
Treasury Department, )
Office of the secretary ( >
Washington, I>. C, April '29, 1890. )
ARTICLE I.
Every vessel employed ia sea otter hunting,
or In transporting sea otter parties, shall have
in addition toThe papers now required by law
a special clearance and license.
article ir.
No vessels propelled by steam shall be em
ployed in sea otter hunting within territorial
waters, tnat is, within three miles of the shore,
or for the purpose of transporting sea otter
hunting parties within saia territorial waters.
Only galling vessels aud boats propelled by
oars or paddles shall be so employed.
ARTICLE 111.
The master of any vessel having onboard
skin* of sea otter, mink, marten, cable, fur
seal or other fur-bearin? anirafll, shall, before
unlading the same, report to the Collector of
Customs at the first port of arriv.il of his vessel I
ia the United States, and shall lie a manifest !
in detail of such skins with said Collector.
ARTICLE IV.
Masters of vessels failing to comply with |
the^e regulations will be considered to have j
violated the provisions of section Z956 of the |
Revised Statutes, hereinafter annexed, and i
will be liable to the penalty described therein.
"Sectipn 1950. Xo p-rson shall kill any
otter, mink, marten, sable or fur seal or other
lur-bearing animal within the limits of Alaska j
I Territory or in the waters thereof; and every
' person guilty thereof shall for each offense be
. fined not IeBB than $200 nor more than $1000
or imprisoned not more than six months, or
' both; and all vessels, their tackle, apparel,
I furniture and eararo, found engaged in vioia
! tion of this section Bhall be forfeited; but the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have power to
; authorize the killing of any such mink, mar
ten, sable or other fur-bearing animal, except
; fur peals, under sucn regulation as he may
j prescribe; and it shall be the duty of the Sec
retary to prevent the killing of any fur seal
: and to provide for the execution of tho provi
; sions of this section until it Is otherwise pro-
I videdbylaw; nor shall he grant any special
j privileges under this section."
ARTICLE V.
It will be the duty of the officers of the
United States who may be in localities where
sea otter are taken, or who may have knowl
eago of any such offense having been com
mitted, to take all proper measures to enforce
the penalties of the law.
ARTICLE VI.
Vessels which have cleared In good faith for
I sea otter hunting prior to the issuanoe of these
regulations shall not be seized for a breach
thereof made in good faith, without knowledge
I of said regulations. Masters of *aid vessels
I shall, however, be warned by the United States
officers charged with the enforcement of these
regulations, and shall be given ft copy thereof.
article vn.
The foregoing regulations are intended to
I apply only to the season of 189<i.
J. O. Carlisle, Secretary.
iSotepif
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist haa
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
910
BOARD OF TRADE
HOUSE-WARMING.
The New Quarters Are
Thrown Open With
Great Eclat.
INFORMAL PROGRAMME.
Address by the Secretary of
the Department of Agri
culture.
PEOPLE WHO WERE THERE.
Members Do Not Allow Thsir Throng
of Visitors to Go Away Hungry
or Thirsty.
If ''California on Wheel?" were to be
amplified ana niagnilied und multiplied a
few hundred times, it would iuirely ap
proach the beauty and completeness of
the grand display thrown open to the
piihiic yesterday at the new headquarters
of the Mate Board of Trade at 16 Post
:-tre<'t.
It w:is "opening day," and the board
bad evidently planned to render its house
warming a sueof?s.
The opening exercises began with a
bnei address of welcome from Manager
Filcher.
'Wo have no set programme," he said,
"and to my mind it seems hardly neces
sary that there should be one. All around
us we have object lessons far more elo
quent than any Bpoken words could be."
President Chipruan next gave a succinct
history of i tie ritate Board of Trade since
its organization in August, 1887.
"The board," he said, "was and still is
a voluntary association. In l!v»9 it was
incorporated nn dei the laws of the State
of California, but has never been operated
or maintained by the State. Yet we have
not made Mich a very bad showing. Our
two moving exhibits known as 'California
on Wheels 1 cballengad unstinted admira
tion in the Eastern States, over 1.000,000
pei sons registering on the visitors' books
during the last trip."
Colonel John P. Irish, the next speaker,
made a few remarks on the linos suggested
by President Chipman, after which he
said:
"It is fortunate that on this occasion we
have with us an old friend of mine and a
ir.ost distinguished guest. We have here
a man who has changed the climate and
improved the soil of his native State of
Nebraska by a magnificent system of arti
ficial forests, and to whom the Natiou is
indebted for the annual celebration of
Arbor day. I refer to the Hon. J. Stirling
Morton, Secretary of the United States
l>epartmeut of Agriculture."
A burst of cordial applause greeted Mr.
Morton as he rose in answer to Colonel
Irish'? rattier flowery introduction. When
quiet had been restored he said:
Amid the speaking trophies of your State's
tropic luxuriance which surround v.< on every
hand we would, perhaps, do well to consider
for a moment a cold, hard fact. I reftr to the
matter of value. What is the value of what
wft see about us?
We know in the first place that fine fruit is
usually in great demand. This is a great point
in favor of California, for the value of a prod
uct is in-proportion to the demand. If the de
mand be urgent the value is high: if the de
mand d-clines value is decreased and if the
demand ceases value dies.
Now in order to secure a flourishing foreign
and Eastern market for Californian fruits it
must be borne iv mind that in the United
Stales there are 1,500,000 people engaged ;n
growing fruit for exportation. Hence l'orCali-
Jornian fruit to succeed in foreign markets
only the best should be sent.
lii London there :s always a demand for*np
table fruits. The better grades of Californian
fruits are far superior to the English hothouse
product and can always command a ready and
remunerative sale, la 1895 fruit fromCaii
foruia met with .brilliant success in the Eng
lish and Continental markets.
To my minct the reputation of Californian
fruits should bfi kept up to a high standard.
Kor the London markets let only the finer
6pecimer.s be chosen, and these carefully
wrapped in thin paper to prevent possible
transmission of decay. If this plan be fol
lowed carefully an-1 conscientiously the Cali
fornian fruit-grower need have no fear that
his products ■will lfick a ready market.
The liberal installment of sound busi
ness sense which, by the way, was borne
out by volumes of statistics, brought the
programme to a close. The speakers,
members of the board and a few specially
invited guests adjourned to a sky-parlor ih
the rear of the rooms, whence shortly pro
ceeded sounds of popping corks, chinking
glasses and rattling plates.
The less favored guests betook them
selves to the sideboard, where they found
a most substantial welcome, or wandered
about tue rooms gazing at the various
objects of interest.
Some of the displays were unique as well
as effective. That of the Board of Trade,
which is to form part of the permanent
exhibit, is a reduced model of the Ferris
wheel, about twenty-five feet in diameter,
the swinging cars being of cut glass and
filed with dried fruits, cereals and other
products. The wheel rest 3 npon a hand
some platform of native woods arranged
in a most intricate and graceful mosaic
pattern and surrounded by feathery palm
trees.
Another very striking feature of the dis
play is a towering obeli.*, thirty-five feet
iv height, composed of bottles containing
native olive oil. The bottles are sustained
by an airy framework of gilded iron, and
the obefisk looks like a monument com
posed of suspended drops of molten gold.
A complete collection of native woods
along the western wall of the main office
attracted much attention. Samples of the
various woods are given side by side in the
rough, and after having been polished the
contrast in muny instances is striking.
Near by is an eagle, measuring ten feet
from tip to tip, composed altogether of
raisins strung on invisible wires.
It is difficult to single out the county ex
hibits deserving of special mention. Each
has some feature of particular interest.
For example, the displays of minerals
from Placer, Nevada and Calaveras coun
ties are fully equaled in merit and inter
est by the lavish wealth of oranges, lem
ons, grapes and olives from Ixjs Angeles,
Fresno and Santa Cruz. Los Angeles also
contributes specimens of native coal and
mineral oil. Silk, raw. manufactured and
on cocoons id exhibited by the counties of
Los Angeles, Glenn and half a dozen
others, while Mendocino contributes some
samples of lambs' wool fully as soft and
line as any silk. A feature of Yolo's dis
play is a large glass jar of enormous
onions, while Santa Cruz contributes a
profusion of luscious though fiery chiles
of that sort known in Spain as "pobrots,"
a variety indigenous to Catalonia, but
which has been found to flourish in South
ern California.
Alameda has a graceful pyramid of
fruits, wines and flowers, white Tehama
sports the State coat-of-arms in a mosaic
of vari-colored grains, flanked at either
side by a star composed of prunes. Solano
contributes some particularly tine cherries
and chestnuts, Contra Costa some jars of
giant asparagus, Napa a flower-wreathed
pyramid of wine, Sacramento the State
seal in dried fruits, Santa Clara a pyramid
of fruits aud olive oil; but the list is too
long, and justice has not been dona to
even one of the exhibits.
Among the jjuests and friends present
were the following:
Mrs. J. H. Kalim, Mrs. H. C. HUdreth, Miss
Sarah K. Ralim of Towando, Perm. : B. D. Gray.
Ban l-oandro: Mr. and Mrs. M. Woodhara, Temes
cul; Mrs. C. .M. Johnson, Mrs. I*. EL Surey, 1-orin;
K. 1' Grant, Ventura County: K. W. Gray, N. E.
lloid, K. K. Patterson. Kirk wood; Frank Howe.
J,akeport: Mrs. B. Sanford and G. D. Fiske,
woodland: John Crump and Fred Coring.
l.akoport; B. N. Rowley, W. 11. Murray,
James 1". Taylor, O. K. Trow bridge, Oakland:
George C. Ilirkox, Alameda: Mrs. F. Mathew s and
Miss Grace Malhens, .-«edaUa, Mo.: M. B. Ivory.
lira. F. A. Waslc-v. Oakland : 11. Bailey, Liver
more: M. M. M. Fatrtdge, Nap»; Mrs. I- Hirsch,
11. Hiisch. I,»o lllrsili, Mr. and Mrs. D. lieln-
BOth, Woodford, CM.; 11. Kemseu and Miss Emily
C. Keinseu. Oakland: Lena McKnight. Salem,
Or.; A. B. Pike. Oakland; L. H. Wells, M Hall,
Oakland; F. Smith, Dundee, Scotland: W. H. Pur
sell, Hongkong; 11. B. Hard, W. S. Pink ham, Mil
waukee: Dr. s. H. Kihhvl.'s Portland; Mrs. F.
Busby, Concoru; .1. K. Nelson; A. W. Francisco,
Los Angeles; Mary Lamb»rt, Oakland: Mrs.
.Mar? Case, Oakland: Key. W. W. Case, Nellie
Blessing Xyster, H. a. Ketchem, Berkeley;
K. S. Field, Los Angeles: J. T. Ferguson, Charles
F. Crotbers. San Jose: Mrs. George. T. .Shaw, Mrs.
P. F. fJnsbev. Colonel A. Andrews, K. H. Dean, K.
\V. Martin. Placer County: J. K. Smith, West
Point; I) F. Majors, Contra Costa County: W. B.
.Shunt, A. P. Stanion, Santa Cruz: Mrs. J. 1). En
right, Santa Cruz: O. B. Darling, Berkeley: B. D.
Barnes. Santa Rosa; J. K. Crawford, Louisville,
Ky.:W.C. lftff.-llliit,'.T. Santa Rosa; Mrs. J. B.
Yount, Mission San Jose: Mr. and Mrs. F.
11. Buck. J. W. stilt, Vacuville; August Helblne,
K. J. Wicksou, Berkeley: Edwin F. Smith, .--acra
mento: J. J. Crawford. 11. Goodman, a. 11. Op
penhelmer, Emma Gregory, 8. K. Gregory, M. J.
Keller, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Piatt, O. H.
Thomas, Visalia; Dr. an.i Mrs. F. L. Platt, C. H.
lluddb, c. C. Nelson, Merced: Miss Alma Alden,
Oakland; Mrs. J. K. Powell, Alameda: Mrs. S.
L. Foster, William McKay. Oakland; J. W.
Pollfka. Michigan Bluffs; B. A. Becker, Mr.
and Mrs. C. 11. Dwinelle, Sonoma County:
Mrs. E. C. Point. W. F. (ilbson, Lakeport: Mrs. K.
Shields. Kountree: c. S. .lone.. Corning: William
il orris, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. J. C. McDowell,
Plttsburg, Pa.; Mr. and Mrs. F. Brown, .1. B. M:il
lory, Berkeley; X, Blakeley, Evansville, Ky.: K.
H. < owles. -Nevada; W. K. Hale, San Qiientln:
Frank McGowan. Kureka: Frank Smith, O. P.
Berry, Wheatlaud: Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Young,
Rev. H. I. DletX, Mrs. J. O. Newhall,
Ida L. Halstead, Mrs. m. R. .Johnson. E. C.
Howe, Honolulu; Mrs. Colot el A. Andrews,
Hubert Jones. Newcastle; ales. L. Klatz,
F. K. Krauth, Alameda: L. T. Lyons, New York;
Barbara Knelt, Ella M. Sexton, B. Kumsey. Fran
cis F. Victor, A. J. Dehay, Cloverda'.e; A. H.
Wallace, Battle Creek; Alex Lindsay. J. M. Ch::xe,
.1. C. Uwens, Chicago; F. Turcloth, Chicago; Mark
1. McDonald, Santa Boaa; J. K. Goldsmith, A. M
Crawford, Battle Creek:. A. M. Hungerford. U. L.
Scovilie, Hartford; James G. Hughes,
Bartford: Hester A. Dickinson, Alameda; S. T.
Dlcktwon, Alnmeda,- Mrs. H. A. Raudlett, Oak
land: .. V. Stetson, Oakland: D. H. Wallace,
li. Qrumm, John Keenan, Herman Wallace. E. P.
Wallace, Battle Creek: Louisa D. Baumbt'.uor, Mer
ci-d. Mrs. .1. M. McDonald, Stephen M. Griffin,
New York; Miss C. K. Campbell, J. A. Scaiilon.
P. S. Turner, rlumas County; >. M. McCarthy,
New York:- John M. Curtis. Morris Edlin,
Fannie Waiss, New Orleans; Mr*. B. W. Nye, W.
<■. Wise, W. H. iTpham, . Miss 11. K.
Mayhew, Miss Grace Richmond. Charles A.
Reynolds, George Sellers, lire ill wood; Miss
S. M. Wize, W. a. Riimmel, Salem, Or.;
Miss Nellie Stephens, Mrs. Ruby Laldlaw, Mrs.
M. Davis, Indiana: Arthur Bloch, Pajaro; Mrs. P.
H. Bradbury, F. W. Neil, C. K. Wheeler, Michi
gan; J. B. McFarland, A. M. Lennan, P. Hamil
ton. C. Sessions. M. T. Jones, Sacramento; Henry
fisher, M. F. Healy. 11. E. Morris. San Jose; W.
Wixon, Ban Jose; lion. J. B. Ryder, Paris: J. A.
Snook, Tomalea; R. A. Barker, Berkeley. Peter A.
Breen, J. A. Brook. Geo. L. Jones, Daniel O'Connell,
H. Krebs Jr., Thomas K. Knox, Robert Hatcht. J.
S. — 111 1 — ri.i r; . Mm. .1. 8. Newhall, Ada I* Halscead.
C. C. Pennell, Miss Minnie Logan Buckley. Mrs.
M. B. Foster, J. D. Peters, J. M. Humphrey, Wil
liam M. Thompson, M. Donoghue. Mrs. A. 11. Ter
rill. S. K. Smith, Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, C. A.
Latou, M. Friedla ider, F. C. Radcllfte, C. U. Dwi
nelle, Dr. F. L. Piatt, Alfred La Motte, o. N. Platt,
Rev. F. Bonn. Miss B. Rumsey, Oscar Koherson,
C. A. Benedict, A. B. Ford, F. K. Krauth. Mrs. F.
F. Victor. K. P. S. Boyd, N. K. Boyd, G. L. Wake
man. J'.. C. Balrd, Fred Loring, John Crump. B. N.
Rowley. ££j-.cC
COUNTERFEITERS CAUGHT
Secret Service Agent Nick Harris
Does Some Rapid Work
at Spokane.
Craig and Johnson, Old-Timers, Given
Ten Years Each — How the Crooks
W re Trailed snei Captured.
Secret Service Agent Harris returned
yesterday from Spokane, where he was
called three weeks ago to assist in loca
ting and capturing if possible a dangerous
gang of counterfeiters that for months
past had been flooding that section with
spurious coin.
In less ihan fifteen days Mr. Harris ac
complished very good results — he located
the gang, effected their capture and saw
each of them given ten years in the State
prison.
When the special agent arrived in Spo
kane he had a long conference with the
local authorities at whose request he had
come, and in a short time he was thor
oughly familiar with the task before him.
He knew the places victimized and to
what extent, and he was also familiar with
the record of every known criminal within
a dozen miles of Spokane.
At the end of two days Agent Harris
settled on George Craig and Fred Johnson
as the counterfeiters and a close watch was
kept on their every movement. On the
third day Harris and some of his men
trailed Craig to a little cabin some dis
tance from Spokane. When night came
the place was surrounded and a formal de
mand to surrender made.
Craig and Johnson made a dash for lib
erty only to run plump into the arms of
awaiting officers. On the person of Craig
was found $18 in half and dollar counter
feits, while Johnson's pockets contained
some of the material used, in manufactur
ing the spurious coin.
The cabin was searched and a complete
counterfeiting outfit unearthed.
Craig and Johnson were indicted by the
Grand Jury on the day following their
arrest and in a few days tried, convicted
and sentenced to ten years' hard labor.
When the verdict of guilty was announced
the two men created a scene in court by
cursing the officers and swearing venge
ance. •
The convicted counterfeiters are tough
customers. Craig has served three terms
in prison already and had only been out
three months when caught. Johnson has
nearly as bad a record. Five • months
before his arrest and conviction he com
pleted a live-year sentence for burglary.
Secret Service Agent Harris received
many congratulations yesterday for his
successful work. It is conceded by those
who keep track of such things to be one of
the cleverest captures recorded in years.
♦ — • »
REAL ESTATE AUCTION.
A Successful Sale Held by O'Kar
rell & Co.
There was a good attendance and spir
ited bidding at the second auction sale of
real estate held this season by O'Farrell &
Co. The prices realized were very good,
considering the condition of the market.
H. E. Coffey arted as auctioneer, and ac
quitted himself with credit, as he did at
the former sale of the firm.
The southwest corner of Sacramento and
Larkin streets, lot 68:8x100, wito improve
ments, was purchased for $12,000 by A.
Gannz. A lot 25x116:3 on the east side of
Devisadpro street, BJ:b feet south of Wal
ler, was sold to L. Boydstone for $1800. A
lot 25x122:6 on the west side of Shotwell
street, 110 feet north of Twenty-third was
bought by S. Tarns for $I!>.tO. "
The premises 510 and 512 Valencia street,
consisting of a lot .'{oxßo, with improve
ments renting for $50 per month, were
purchased for $<>000 by P. J. McGovern. A
three-story house of eleven rooms and
bath, lot 25x76, at 310 Tehama street, was
sold to P. Drummond for $3700, subject to
confirmation by court. The lot 100x130
and improvements at the southeast corner
of Twenty-fourth street and Bryant ave
nue were sold to Louis Kahn for $10,500,
subiect also t© confirmation by court.
A two-story hon?e at 927 Eighteenth
street, with lot 25x99:8, was sold to C.
Proppe for $2925. A lot 25x114 on the
north side of Elizabeth street, 175 feet west
of Douglass, was purchased by J. J. Lynch
for $700. The premises 1335 Natoma street,
consisting of lot 25x75 and improvements,
brought $1875, J. D. O'Brien being the pur
chaser. The latter sale is subject to con
firmation by court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
FIFTY COUNCILS
OF CATHOLICS,
They Will Be Represented
by Delegates at
Haywards
IN Y. M. I. CONVENTION.
The Order Gains in Members
Though Eight Branches
Dissolved.
FINANCES ARE MUCH IMPROVED
Full Delegation From the New Pacific
Jurisdiction of California and
Nevada.
More than fifty councils will be repre
sented in the Grand Council of the Young
Men's Institute, which convenes at Hay
wards next week. Of these branches of
the Catholic benevolent society four were
instituted during the year, one each in
San Mateo, Santa Rosa, Ocean View and
Walla Walla.
For the first time in the history of the
institute there will be no delegates from
the Northwest. This innovation is due to
the fact that the Supreme Council, re
cently held in Denver, made a new juris
diction on the Pacific Coast, to be known
as the Northwestern jurisdiction, and to
include Washington, Oregon, Montana
and liritisb Columbia. The convention at
Haywards will therefore be composed of
delegates from California and Nevada,
comprising the Pacific Coast jurisdiction,
as follows:
Eureka Council, Eureka, Cal.— Archie Can
epa, L. E. Mahon; alternates, Alex Aggeler,
M. McMullen.
Santa Rosa Council— John Brophy, John
P:oovcr; alternates, William Noonan, Thomas
Carroll.
Carson Council, Carson City — J. Diegnan,
Rev. P. J. Clyne; alternates, Ed T. Walsh, Dan
O'Brien.
Columbia, San Francisco— W. J. Ahem, D. F.
j Shea; alternates, Dr. T. H. Morris, W. R. Nich
olson.
Sacramento Council — Charles Farren, H. J.
Carragher; alternates, P. A. Fitzgerald. M.
I Cronan.
Santa Crnz Council— Matthew Marciel, T. J.
Egan; alternates, J. J. Doran, J. T. Stanton.
Golden Gate Council, San Francisco— F. J.
- Driscoll, T. P. O'Brien; alternates, William U.
'■ Grownpy, James F. O'Brien.
United Council, Castroville — John Jordan,
John Whalen; alternates, M. Heflernan, Y.
Borondo.
Manoßue Council, Virginia City— George D.
Pyne, William A. Burns; alternates, Mr. Sten
son, Mr. Farrell.
St. Catherine Council, Martinet— D. Cor
ripan, J. U. Fitzgerald; alternates, L. Butler,
J. Kelly.
Capitol Council, Sacramen to— James Long
shore Jr., C. T. Hughes; alternate*, A.J.Wil
son, T. M. Deveny.
Cooper Council, Ocean View — J. H. Maloney,
F. A. Suilivan; alternates, P.J.Kennedy, Dr.
j H. Van<lre.
Phil Sheridan Council, San Francisco— J. H.
I Pinkhatn, Thomas J. Doyle; alternates, Wil
liam Griffin, Thomas Wadsworth.
Ferndale Council — E. A. Aggeler, John
i Early; alternates, William Flowers Jr., Wil
j liam Harrahan.
Valleio CounciK-Frank H. Lee, E. V. Wil
liams; alternates, A. J. Cooney, Charles E.
Hager.
Bouchard Council, Merced — M. J. McGlynn,
D. F. Griffiu; alternates, J. D. Ystrein, E. J.
Huzzie.
Queen of the Valley Council, Fresno — Henry
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring Meeting, Bay District Track. Thirteenth day. Thurs
day. May 14. i 896. Weather line. Track fast.
llgl FIRST H ACE— Five and • half furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; conditions; parse
index.
Horse, age, weight.
Ist.
V 4
] 2
%
Betting .
Op. OL
Mr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1105 'Silver State, 6. ...110 6
824 Chinook. 4 107 4
1090 Fleet, 6 112 2
108H My Sweetheart.4. lo7 8
1098 Bordeaux. 6 112 9
1067 i Rocket, 6 112 7
1090 IHal Fisber. a 116 3
1098 Minn (iarvin, 4.. ..107 10
1153 Podiga, 6 112 1
1087 Bert, 5 \\% 12
1107 Gondola, 6 110 6
1058 Landlord, 6 115 11
2 1
31
1 1
10 y2y 2
5 2
71
4 6
61
iS*
91
11
2 h
32
1 2
8
61
6 2
4 3
7
9
11
10
12 .
§2*
1 1
1*
4 2
8
9
10
11
12
11
2 Vt
3iy,
th Va
8
9 "
10
11
12
PlgKOtt. 4-5
Russell 10
C. Weber 6
Wilson 20
Ames. ilO
T. Williams 10
MoKenna :20
Sbei.ard 110
Carroll 20
Castro 25
Giorn 10
Henneasy 10
1-2
26
8
30
30
15
30
•26
16
60
20
30
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner. William* Thompson 1 , b. m., by Imp. Cheviot-Bessie
Shannon. Time, 1:0934.
1182 SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; allowances; purse 9400.
Index. I Horse., weight. bt. 14 "'- 2 *4 Str.
1162 Dnnboy 106 6 Iy. 22
1093 |Dolore 101 1 31 11,
1162 Howardß 108] 8 6 1 41/,
1168 Bohemian Lass... 103 7 ai 3 1
1093 Lena 101 9 6 5 2
1101 Valdoa 97 4 4h 6 1
1138 Lost Olrl 103| 2 7 8 2
1130 Quantrell 104 6 8 7 1
The Plunger 103| 3 9 9
Fin. Jockeys. oßeto Bet
1 Vi ICoady 1
2 2 Snider 5
3Vi Hennessy 6 •
4 3 Plggott 6
5% Frawley 15
6 2 Johnson 40
7 h Martin 8
8 4 Peoples 40
9 . Beaocbamp 20
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
tting.
Cl.
6-5
3
5
10
20
60
10
80
60
(Starting-gate used.
MS,
Won driving. Winner, Lone stable's eh. g., by imp. Loyalist-Spray. Time.
1183 THIRD KACIt - JS *'« n tnrlongs; selling; thr««.year-o«Js and op; penalties: purse $850.
Index.
]D<tex. Horse, age, weight. St. ' <
1180 Red Glenn. 6 110 S 4 h
(1140) Model, 4 105 1 21
IJkis Meadow Lark, 4.. 109 6 6
(1171)|Belle Boyd, 3 102 2 62
1125 : Howard. 9 11l 4 3b
170 i Sweet Briar. 3.... 94 6 lh
y* % Sir. Fin. Jockey*.
Si 5* 2% 14 toady
ft ?? \7* 2a Snider
\\, II 31 33 Shields
3% 3h 4 2 41 Pigeon
*Mt 4% 5o 515 EspiDOs*
61 6 6 8 .M duty re .
Jockey*.
Hemng.
f>p. cl.
7-5
6
10
8-5
10
60
9-10
11-2
15
6-3
10
160
Tt™ S T.vS X ' gllte ° Bed> WW ° D eaa " y - Wlnner - Cambridge stable's b. g., by Glen Elm-Red Girl.
1184. FOURTH RACK -° De andaquarter miles; three-ye*r-olds and up: handicap; parse »400.
Index.
Borne, age, weight.
St. Std.
Vi V* % Str. Fin.
ii ii iv 1 2 1 2
61 3y, 416%2h
2% 2?| 2h 2^ it
3V«4h 6131*4%
«% «, « 4h jf
6 61 31 6 6
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. cl.
1147 Rey del Bndids.3.loo 2 11
1158 (i B Morris. 4 106 4 6 2
1163 Scimitar, 3 90 3 31
1166 8t Lee, 3 10« 1 I 31
1166 Pon Caesar, 4 104 5 |41
1137 Whl of Fortune,4Mß 6 6
H1K0tU.....
Cody
Johnson.....
Shields
Bergen
Martin..
3
6
2
6-2
8
4
9-2
3
2
i 4
10
6
Tlm'e.TATv!^ US<^ WOD eM " y ' WlDner * LODe SUbie '" Ch> °- by imp - True Br '"">-Emma Collier.
1185. FIFTK KACE ~ OM mile: 8ellln « : threeywr-oids and upward; conditions; purse $300.
Jndez.
1102 Long Lady, 8 96! 7
1163 Il.Tiiiaiiila, 4 107 5
1171 Alvrro, 3 95 ! 4
1161 Seaside. 5 100| 3
ll'.f, |Little Cripple, 6. .1131 2
1126 iClaraJohnstn, 3.. 99 1
1132 iMonita, 6 11l 6
HorM, age. weight.
Bt.
V* V, »4 Btr. Fin.
7 61 35 2 1 i~h~
12 13 11 l i/ 2 II
Si* 717 1 J 1 i? 00
gy sa ?* ;» .•!.;
Kin.
PlßgOtt 2
Martin........... 2
Johnson 10
Snider.. ...» 8
C.Weber 3
Butler ;: 20.
Coady.... j 8
Jockaya,
Betting.
Op. Cl.
13-5
6-5
13
20
4
200
15
Starting-^ate used. Won driving. Winner, J. C. Humphrey's h ♦ L.. M .-^. D =: r;
Time. I :42^i. 'Pulled up bleeding. p Pys °- '• b J Ma J° r Ban-Decoy Duck.
HB6.pu S r^4C0 RACE - FlVean<l * h *" fnrloD " : -Ling; four-yelr-oid. and upward; conditions;
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
Jockey.
Betting.
op. El
Str.
Fin.
1094 Marble Rock, 6.. .112 2
1161 Mi. Air. 4 109 4
944 America, 4 107 6
1064 (iracie S, 6 110 6
1177 IWarrago, 6 no 7
1098 I Myron, 4 109 1
10K4 Bravura. 4 107 8
1068 Allahabad, 4 109 8
1098 >wifuure, 6 liai 9
1098 |Yreka, 4 109 10
21
4 2
6b
«h*
3h
5h
9 1
a*
10
21
3h
4 1
12
9
51
8
71
61
10
2i*
3h
4
V*
6
6
8
9
10
Ins
3 h
3 3
4 1
6 1
63
. 75
8 2
94
10
C. Weber 6-2
Martin f.
Plggott 6-2
M. Bercen iip
Coburn 10
Ames. 8
Snider. so
Fell 15
Glover so
Hennessy 10
11-6
9-2
8-5
15
15
20
50
40
80
I*o
x parting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Hennepln .table*, br. g., by Imp> Eri^Roiket . Tlmel
Avila, James Gallagher; alternates, James L.
Doyle, Dan E. Collins.
San Diego Council— W. J. Sullivan, Ed M.
Doyle; alternates, Arthur Shaw, J. H. Good
hody.
San Luis Obispo Council— P. J. McHenry, L.
F. Dorßey; alternates, Thomas Rowan, F.
Celesa.
Gabllan Council, Salinas— J. H. Riley, J. J.
O'Brien; alternates, J.P.Dougherty, Thomas
Conley.
Birmingham Council, San Francisco— Rev. P.
C. Yorke. Charles McCarthy; delegates, John
Hyland, A. V. Mulligan.
Vinyes Council, Benicia— William Boyle, P.
Carolan; alternates, Thomas K. McDermott, L.
Wade,
Alameda Council, Llvermore— M. G. Calla
ghant John W. Twohey ; alternates, James Gal
lagher, W. J. Doolan.
Stockton Council— John T. Doyle, John H.
Smith; alternates, A. C. Onllahan, John Har
king.
Sonoma Valley Council, Sonoma— Rev. Mar
tin J. White, Erhart Pteigar; alternates, Ed
ward J. Ferguson, J. Kearny.
Oakland Council— D. J. Hallahan, J. S. Gil
more; alternates, R. H. Hammond, John J.
Kennedy.
American Council, Oakland— D. McCarthy,
Fredßealy; alternates, George Donnelly, John
Connolly.
Washington Council, San Francisco — John J.
Green, John J. McLaughlin; alternates, John
J. Duddy, William M. Gillespie.
San Francisco Council— James E. Brltt, Wil
liam J. Ilarrold; alternates, George M.Kelly,
Fred Dunne.
Mission Council, San Francisco— Rev. E.
O'Neill, R. Shepston; alternates, M. J. Conner
ton, J. E. Richards.
Potrero Council, San Francisco — John Reidy,
J. F. McDonald; alternates, James Kingston,
James A. Btrain.
Loyola Council, South San Francisco— John
Regan, James H. Honre; alternates, Chris
Cummins, Jeremiah Regan.
San Jose Council— Richard McCarthy, W. J.
Powers; alternates, W. Taggeler, A. M. Mc-
Cabe.
St. Raphael Council, San Rafael— James F.
Manney, Charles McNeil; alternates, Edward
Conway, Emmett Hayden.
St. Patrick Council, Madera— J. M. Griffin,
Robert Butler.
Fraternity Council, Ea.«t Oakland —J. T.
Carey, W. V. Harrington; alternates, V. Gilar
dln. M. A. Mclnnis.
Menlo Council, Menlo Park— P. Princevalle,
J. Heaney; alternates, H. C. Hall, John T.
Doyle.
Napa Council— Rev. M. D. Slattery; alter
nate, P. Farrell.
St. Vincent Council, Petaluma—E. Couni>»an,
J. F. Burns; alternates, J. T. Reed, J. E. Cava
naeh.
Golden State Council, Haywards— Hon. F. B.
Hoosoh, F. S. Terry; alternates, J. B. Rose, Jo
seph I'ltlS.
St. Matthew Council, San Mateo — W. H.
Brown, Jolin R. Walker; alternates, John Mc-
Grath, John Daly.
San Carlos Council, Monterey— Rev. R. M.
Mestres, W. B. Haywards; alternates, J. T.
Devine, Dr. J. P. Hints.
St. Mary Council, Gilroy — T. H. Miller,
Thomas Maloney; alternates, J. H. Bruen,
George Milias.
Los Angeles Council— l. 3. Dockweiler, James
P. Montgomery.
Luzitania Council, Centerville— John F. Caf
faney, M. J. Souza; alternates, C. J. Augusto,
F. A. Caideria.
Ignntien Council, San Francisco — Frank Mc-
Glvnn, Hugh McGuinis; alternates, John H.
Sheehan, A. B. Smith.
Pioneer Council. San Franoiseo— E. I. Shee
han, 8. R.O'Keefe; alternates, E. R. Myrick,
M. O'.Shaughnessy.
Watsouviile Council— T. J. Horjan, Edward
Thompson; alternates, J. F. Aston, P. H.
Sheehy.
Eden Council, San Leandro — John C. Geary,
W. L. Gill.
Leo Council, Port Costa— James Ahem, John
H. Tobin; alternates, Michael Uorgan, Michael
Lucey.
Borromean Council, San Francisco— Rev. P.
E. Mulligan, R. J. Dowdall; alternates, N. J.
lloey, John Riley.
In the Pacific jurisdiction eight small
councils in remote country districts were
dropped by the grand directors because
they ceased to be self-sustaining. They
had an average of twenty members each,
so the dissolution represents a loss in
membership of about HHX
Despite this, however, according to
Grand Secretary Stanley, the jurisdiction
will show a net increase'in membership of
l, r )0 since the general Grand Council held
at Vallejo lsst September.
The financial statement of the institute
in this jurisdiction will show a train of a
few thousand dollars, which is quite evenly
distributed among the councils.
________
ATTACKED BY A MONKEY.
Damages From the City Wanted for
Peculiar Injuries 1 .
Edward Horan is suing the City for $10,
-000 damages for some peculiar injuries
which befell his little daughter.
He lives just opposite the public Pound.
On April 29 last, he says, there were
several monkeys confined in the Pound
after havine been caught in the street, and
one of these escaped. Pearl Horan, the 4
year-old daughter of the plaintiff, was
playing on the porch and the monkey
attacked her. She was badly bitten and
torn before help could reach her.
RACING AT BUY DISTRICT
Three Favorites Finished in
Front the Opening Day
of the Meeting.
KEY DEL BANDIDOS A SURPRISE
Dunboy Is a Promising Youngster.
Marble Rock First in a Very
Exciting Finish.
The gallopers are playing their final en
gagement at the old Bay District track.
With the close of the present two weeks'
season of sport the course over which so
many historic equine contests have been
decided will live in memory only, for the
home of the California Jockey Club will
soon be leveled by craders and cut up into
building blocks.
There wa3 apparently no diminution in
attendance, the regulars all being at their
posts. The sport was very good. In one
or two instances horses din not run strictly
according to "dope," but then it is rapidly
approaching the "get-away" period, and
many little things will have to be over-
LookecL
Favorites started in the day well by cap
turing the first three events decided, whiie
in the remaining three a fourth and two
second choices in the betting showed to
better advantage.
Good riders are rapidly becoming scarce.
In the saddle yesterday Piggott and Coady
were the bright particular stars, the former
piloting three and the latter two of the
winning horses.
About the most class was gathered to
gether in the mile and a quarter handicap
with a iield of six starters. It was a very
rapid betting affair and the result was
most unsatisfactory to the talent. Scimi
tar, carrying fW pounds, was a prime 11 to 5
choice, with G. B. Morris at 4 and St. Lee
at about the same figure carrying the bulk
of the other coin bet.
Lumbering along at a very slow rate,
the field allowed Key del Bandidos to go
out and make his own pace, with the fa
vorite up in the second position. In the
stretch all sail was spread, but the big
chestnut leader held his company safe,
winning easily by a couple of leimtln in
2:lli£. Coady, who was hard at work on
G. B. Morris", snatched the place iroin
Scimitar in the last few jumps.
There was quite a gathering of the cheap
set in the opening olio at live and a half
furlongs. Silver State looked to outclass
her field very much and was rightly made
a warm favorite, going to the post a 1 to 2
chance. Fleet, with Charley Weber up,
led to the drawgate, when the first choice
passed him, followed by the 25 to 1 shot,
Chinook. With little to spare, the favor
ite won from the outsider by a length.
The Lone stable's promising youngster
Dunboy was a pronounced 6 to 5 choice for
the two-year-old four-furiong run, and
shooting to the front the lirst sixteenth
won cleverly, three parts of a length be
fore Dolore,"the second choice.
The seven-furlong run that followed
proved a cakewalk for the Cambridge sta
ble's Red Glena, heavily played by the
wise contingent. Opening at 7 to 5 the odds
against the gelding were speedily played
down to 9to 10. Belle Boya at 2% com
manded quite a following, but made a
miserable showing. After being cut off
"THE CALL'S" RACIING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In races whore the horses have no record *t the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Aobreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong: *, abont.
i'IKST KACE— Six furlongs; selling; non-winners since October 1, 1896.
lodcx. I
: Best
odez. I Name. LbSj record. Pl.n. Lbs
1177 IRodegap '113'
1076 IJO |115
10*7 Rotation 113 1:10 6V4 f 94
1104 ,Sven«ali ; 113 1 :14^ *6 f 107
1149 |G. Washington. 115 no n>c
740 Addle M ;ill:l:01Si 5f 97
11H1 My Sweetheart- 111
10' to (larcia 115
1100 Lou.se 113
94J Mimford 116
1181 ]M)B9 Gurrin... 11l 1:09 61^ f 86
lOM7 Ivernon 1131:09 5^ f 91
1181 IChinook 11l
1099 iKapido llSlnorec.l
SHCON'D RACE— HaIf mile: maiden; two-yei
Name.
Lbs
94
"97
Tk.
IJ. M. Buckley H. O'Fallon-Mattle Walker
H. C. Caaidy Joo Mooier-L'na
F... W. Earp Surinam-Mistletoe
F... Elkton stable Vorano-Kxperiment
.... IG. Howson Jof i ■ o >ker-l»old Cup
F... P. Williams Eollan-by Paisey Huffy
G. Mathews Major Ban- Libbertiflibbet
H.Elliott Wildldlt-NWhthawk
William Belcher... Three Cheers- Kolle of Lake
T. Rutherford Glen Kirn-Miss Hayden
F... S. F. Capps Fellowcharm-s. Hampton
F... E. Hinkleman Powhattnn-Vernou
William Dixon Imp Blackbird 1 1-Charlty
E. Kaufman ;Cyclone-Nyunza
Owner.
Pedigree.
"86
91
x-olds.
Index.
N«me.
I Bes:
Lbs record. Dlst.
Lbs
Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1174 (Widow Jones... 1106
1174 ißoseof Magenta | 98
1182 Quantr^'ll 106
ll«a Valdos 106
1174 Sharon Lass.... 98
1174 Viking 103
1150 lorseno 106
1174 I Tortoise. Iti9
1068 senator Morgan Ht6
1145 Jerilderio 103
1168 iDestra 101
luertrude 103
1168 Rebekah 108
1151 >LnU hesterlleld 106'
1174 Santa Paula... 103
D. J. .Tobln |Bt. Andrew-Hattie Ball
J. Carlin Imp.Marinrr-RosnlSellaftlly
Nevada stable F.I Rio Hey-Addie O'Neil
.... Los Angeles stable Imp. Calvados-Sabrlna
C L. McDonald ITyrant-ip. Dalanslilre I>ass
G. Wright Herald-Eiliena
.... J. H. Shields. Onondaca- Nettie Beatrice
E. I'owe Brown Fox-Turquoise
A. Maddox Apache-Madam Wh»atley
— W. Karp i Ratlibone-Miss Melbourne
Pueblo stable. JFlambeau-Sallle O
W. Miller ] Prince Hooker-LiUyCoombs
— L. M. Appleby Imp. Merriwn-rlalndrop
— J. C. HomphMj. ... Imp. Chesterfield- lalluda
C. I. Thacker Santa Fe-Dottie Dimple
THIRD RACE— 9Ix furlongs:
'lllng; non-winners since October 1, 1895.
I Best
Lbs ; record.
P.v. [LbsiTk.
Index.
Name.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1149 Carroll Cook IllS'norec.
1105 'Wan.Nun Argyl 1191
445 ]Zobalr. 1118
894 Lonnie B 113
1099 Amo 113 1:02V4
1186 jGracleS 118 1:08
873 Tamalpais |115jl:16
1179 iVerdette 116 no rec.
1178 JeromeS. 118 1:29 V*
1046 iCatalogue. lisj
K. G. Griffin F.d Corrlßari-Idalene Cotton
La Siesta ntk farm. Argyle-lmp. Janet N
J. C. Humi>hrey....j!M. Saviour-Nighthawk
F. F. Malev ! Imp. London- Luella
6f 101 ¥.. Murphy & Hutler.. j Cyclone- Wanza
5^ f JS 4 £•• Musto * Ruv7 ~ Prince Norfolk-Gllroy Bell*
6f 104|F.. Mrs. Anderson Joe Hooker-ma
.... J. J. Murphy Vici-Lucv Long
7 f 103JF. .P. Weber Joe Dani'els->weetbrlar
1.-.- CW.Tyron Uano-Joeie C
FOURTH RACK— Seven furlongs: selling; Inside course.
Index.
Kns*.
; Best
Lbs Record Dlst.
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
•Pedigree.
1186
1134
1177
(1169)
1177
1151
1169
1 Hit;
Monlta... 108 1 :41 i/i t
Navy Bine 104! 1:14% 6f
Ida Saner 1:19 6f
Pern 106 l:l6Vfe 6f
Elmer F 106 I:lsV* 61'
Charles A 106 1:453/. 1 m
M Us Rath 102 1:42% 1 m
Adlos 101 no rec.j
inS? • M -^ chwart * St. Saviour-Nlghthawk
ISo H* a ?°U7i •- Bine Win -Bay Betty
?2515- a* iV n **" Joe Hooker-Addle O'KeU
In? I.'" A ; M j )n " « Gano-Carmelita
\ni F-.l^loodmoro stable.. | Portland-Fantasia
94 v" a* TT re vlSti John A-Early Rose
94.F..1A. H.Martin Sobrante-Ruth
....|....:U Murray Imp. pi r . Pen»ance-Jess
Fl
H RACK— Five furlongs; selling:
Best
record.
Index.
Name.
.Lbs
Dlst.
Lbs
Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1160
1140
1046
321
936
1087
1143
1067
876
16
1076
771
1100
1179
Keno
Gladwyn
Monarch
Mollie Bawn....
Mollie R
l)e Uroat
Hen. Mahoney..
Lucky D
LeliaS
81s Lottery filly
Smpathetic's L
i-alin- Calvart...
Myrtle 11
Crarkajac*
Magpie
Mutineer.
111H:O8
100 i do rec.
11l 1:0114
103 1:04
106 ' 1:08^
111 no rec.
991 :57^|
108!
1091 :03 V*
10O! no rec.
101
106
94 :56
lll!l:09*4
1081 .T
111
6*l
.......
Sf
5 f
6%f
ji'viY"
6f
01
or.
,08
.02
95
132
F... P. Weber
Mrs. Wolfskin
F... G. Grindeil
H.. J. Woods.
F...1J. Robbins '.'
— |W. Ritter
H..JZ. Abrahams
.... K. J. Appleby
Fa. E.G. Griffin
M. Kerr
— Austin »t Co
... Mrs. Goddard
P... C. W. Chappell...
F... J. Kogers
... J. M. Buckley...
.... J. We 115....... '.
Jumbo-Sooner
Imp. Plenty- Kdelwelss
Irouclad-by Bayswater
Slnfax-Berna Shannon
imp. Mariner-C'antenac
OrovorCleveland by Kelpie
I- ellowcharni-Ulencola
Prince Norfoln-Klny Lamb
lronwood-Jennie Mack
Im. Tr»de Wind-Sr. Lottery
t air Play-Sympathetic
Jim Gore-Mollie Pitcher
Torso- Lady Leinster
Winters-Ida O'Neil
Falsetto-Vivandla
Imp. Cheviot-imp. Mntin
4Vit"
s** l
104
108
I
SIXTH RACK— Six furlongs selling.
j Index. Name.
1171 Perseus '...;
(1178) Doubtful
1039 Marionette
1160 A........'.
'1179 The Sheriff
(1102) Rebellion
1146 TJnaQue Amo. ..
1074 Decision..
1140 Tennissee Maid.
1171 T0nin0.....:.....
1165 ! Senator Bland..
1153 1 Imp. Endynilon
1164 Btg Chief........
111« George C ..
1149 Rajah... ;..-...
1143 La France
1098 Cheivo
I Best .
Lbs record. Dist.
102 1:36 71
107j1:1534!6f ,
95 1:14%. !«$f
95 1:01%
102 uorec ;...
102; 1:43% 'l m '
100 1:03 16 f
105 1:34 7f
; 95 l:06»i 5 f
102 1:091/4, 514.1
110 l:l6Va 6*
97 :«Mg«ttf
102 l:o9i*jsVif
97 1:10 sVif
107 norec .7......
105 no rec ........
97
Lbs|Tk.
97 H..
96 F. .
101 ' P. .
94 F. .
ioi h!!
103 1 Fa.
92 P. .
109 11..
><6!F. .
106 F. .
100 F. .
94 F. .
89 F. .
Cambridge stable
............
InKleside stable
B. Ward
18. (J. Griffin.......!
Oakland stable.....
Ferris i I art man . , . .
M. T. Donovan.
Hope Glen stock fm
Alma Dale stable..
W. D. Randall....
F. L. Harris
Nliigra stable
J. Garrltjr
,C., C. E. Ulawson....
W. L. Sullivan....
O. 1. Thacker '.
Owner.
Imp. King GalloD-Nanka
■Uoubt-Natchitoches
Imp. Manner-Maranetta
In. 1 rue Briton-Big Bertha
Jocitson-i ela S
Peel-Imp MutJnv
Torso-Little Flush
Imp. Wagner-Fleta
Ip. San sirucon-Ttnnessee
J. H. Fenton-Liz7le B
Ip. Inverness- Wood Violet
*•>""> rpilsp-SnpleQlia
Apache Flora
Bramble-Lady Lou
Hindoo-Fair Lady
Ben Ali-Fcdalma
Sid-sacraniento Belle
Pedigree.
SEVENTH RACE
Five furlongs; sell!
IK-
Index.
Name.
Best I
Lbs Record Dlst.
LbsjTk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
(1146) Heartsease
1164 Monnt Roy
1180 [Walter J
;Lottte D
1170 jWm PlnKerton.
1173 Morveu
1144 la Musrota. . .
1100 Road warmer.
1173 Crawford
1140 Easel
1169 Perhaps
99 1:09 5Va f
111 i:om st
105 1:151* 6f
1:5 1:08 514 f
108 1:02 V. 5f
111 I:lsV* 6f
100 1:01 5f
96 1:011,4 5f
111 1:10 61^1
97 1:17 6f
96 1:15% 6f
1?a F i{-~ • Hu «»P»»«*y-- Imp Kyrle Ualv-E.Ttract
oo v ' li>^r 9^* Co - ••«•. Faustus-Mt. City Belle
lTn I" £" Mor)er mott — . Imp. True Briton-Lilly S
ldq F s*f?H?«- ••:•—•• Little Alp-Kitty Dean
iv 2»• ™b Ulldr «?th ...... Shannon-Fannie Lewis
inS »*-* 7?,"'* Clarke.... Imp. Cheviot-Lurltne
inn I' ' i:.*i:. Fol!an s^««-... Imp. San Slmeon-ilaria F
los p." T" S? 11 ••••••••— • Frank Rhoaevßelle
qq ti w^!l m ■**«•—•" Apache-Emma LongOeld
i?? i » " • V^ 00 * I S, w . n "table. . . Ben All-Kara
li^lii.. Alma Dale stable.. Kosclusko-May Villey
and falling back to last position the favor
ite passed Meadow Lark and Model in the
stretch and romped in the easiest of win
ners. Model experienced no trouble in
taking the place from Meadow Lark.
The finish to the fifth race over a mile
was a very close one. When the odds
against the seven starters were posted it
soon developed that Hermanita was just
the right number, and from twos the
price was pounded down to 6to 5. Inju
diciously ridden through the stretch by
Martin, the good thing was beaten out the
last few yards by the 13 to 5 second choice
Long Lady, who was away none too well,
and ran a splendid race. The distance
was covered in 1:42?£.
Ten selling platers started in tne final
five and a hulf furlong scramble, and the
finish was about the closest and most ex
citing of the day. A big plunge was made
on the Uennepin stable's Marble Rock
when the odds were chalked up, and it
proved such a hot end stall tip" that the
pencilers gradually rubbed to 7to 5. At
the close a strong play on America
brought her odds down to 8 to 5, while
the price against Marble Rock went back
to 11 to 5. In a finely drawn finish the
latter got the decision over Mt. Air by a
nose, with America but a head away.
THREE-DOLLAR 'PHONES,
The New Company Has Modified
Its Demands for a Fran
chise.
Switches Will Be Three Cents and the
City Wi'l Get Forty Free
Machines.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors decided yesterday to recom
mend that the franchise asked by the
People's Mutual Telephone Company
should be advertised for sale to the
highest bidder, certain alterations in the
original ordinance having been made at
the suggestion of the members.
General Robert A. Friedrichs appeared
before the committee as a representative
of the company and stated that inasmuch
as some of the provisions of the ordinance
as originally proposed by his company
had not been acceptable, he was ready to
make all reasonable concessions and had
full power to act. He stated that the com
pany was perfectly willing to have $3 fixed
as the maximum charge per month in
stead of $5, and that the City would be al
lowed 40 free telephones instead of 20, as
originally proposed. \
In regard to switches, he stated that
while the company would like to be pnr
mitted to charge 5 cents for each switch, it
would agree to 3 cents if the committee so
desired.
After the general had retired the com
mittee discussed the proposition of adver
tising the franchise for sale and the mini
mum amount to be charged for it. Super
visor Spreckels was in favor of placing the
amount at |10,000, while the other mem
bers thought that $1000 would be sufficient.
Mr. Sprekels lowered his estimate to
$5000, but his colleagues were obdurate
and the minimum oi $1000 was decided on,
Mr. Spreckels dissenting. It was decided
to give the company two years in which
to get its plant in running order, and with
the changes agreed to by the company's
representative, it was agreed to recom
mend the passage of the ordinance.
A hen belonging to Joseph Bishop, on
Licking River, neai Pleasant Valley. Ky.,
discovered a large bird's nest in the top of
an apple tree, and flew up in the tree and
deposited an egg in the nest.
NEW to-pat: ' '
ft
/ /
\j^*<?
?^ Ayf \\\*i S
" Cupid and Psyche.**
MANHOOD!
The Most Precious Ele-
ment of Our Physical
Being. You do Not
Know How to Appre-
ciate It Until You Have
Lost It. How It Can be
Regained.
There are three stages of
lost manhood: First, the ab-
s ence of manly power. Sec-
! ond, loss of ambition, energy,
business and social ability.
Third, loss of memory, dull-
ness of vision, dullness of
intellect, and in the end but
one result — nervous debility.
Lack of manhood is the
lack of the one thing that
makes life worth living. The
possessor of a vigorous man-
hood does not appreciate its
I worth. When he loses it by
excesses or indiscretions he
then begins, to realize what
a grand element it is; how
1 much his happiness — yes,
his very existence — depends
I upon it.
When a man is broken
; down in his vital powers as
j a rule he is not the only one
i who suffers. Others, family,
friends; those who enjoy his
company and protection, no-
tice the depression in his
, spirits, the lack of ambition,
■ dogged disposition, nagging,
irritable temperament. It
makes all who come in con-
i tact with him unhappy.
Let the reader understand
that all this misery comes
| from the loss of nerve foree —
I that element which is the
well spring of all joy, of all
mental and physical pleas-
ure. It is the loss of this
nerve force that leaves the
mind and body weak, and
causes the sufferer to feel
| that the best of his life has
been spent.
To replace the force and
strength of the nerves we
must use Electricity — not
drugs — as Electricity forms
the basis of all animal life;
It is the nerve force, the life
of the nerves, and the life of
all nervous and vital organs
increases when Electricity is
applied in mild, soothing
currents, as it is from 'Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
It is hard to convince some
people of the value of this
great Electric Belt, for every
sufferer knows too well the
great amount of fraud and
deception which is practiced
by makers of a cheap grade
of belts, and how these char-
latans impose them on the
public with the announce-
ment that they are "as good"
as Dr. Sauden's.
"I have read about other eleotrlc belts," says
a correspondent, "which claim to be as good as
yours, but they dont show as many cures as
yours does." •
"I have tried many different remedies and
•everal other makes of electric belts, but re-
ceived no benefit until I used yours. It has
caused a permanent cure," says James H.
' Burden, 417 Clementina st., Stockton, Cal.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
will positively cure all weak-
ness arising from early
habits or later excesses. If
you are weak you owe it to
yourself, to your family and
friends and those who will
look to 3'ou for a heritage of
health, to cure yourself now.
Get Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt to-day.
Book, with price list and
full information, free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San FranolsQO,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours: 8 a. it M
8:30 p. m. : Sunday*, 10 to 1.
OFFICKB AT:
LOS ANOEtEa, CAL., I PORTLAND, 08..
804 ttouth Broadway. | 253 Washington si rest.YOUTH WINS IN
THE ODD FELLOWS
Karl C. Brueck Is Elected
Grand Warden of
California.
NEW BLOOD IN OLD VEINS
What a Past Grand Master
Has to Say of the
Election.
MOVING TEE ORPHAN HOME.
Rebekahs Are Divided on tae Re
spective Merits of Gilroy and
Thermalito.
The election of grand officers for the en-
A. M. Drew, Who Will Fall Heir to t"ic Office of Grand Master of the I. O. O. F.
of California at the l'orty-1-i.th Annual Session of the (irand Lodge.
suing year took place yesterday at an ex- j
citing session of tne Qrand Council of Cali- !
lornian Odd Fellows. On the first ballot \
the vote stood as follows:
Karl C. Brueck, Stockton, 307; W. A.
Bonyngc, Los Angeles, 102; John E. Raker, ;
Alturas, 62; T. E. Whitney, Oakland, 50; J. L. I
Robinette, Sacramento, 43; S. F. Smith, San j
Diego, 25; N. O. Herzog, Yreka, 6.
Brueck's popularity may be judged from i
the fact that, though he was the youngest !
of the contestants and has been a member :
of the order only nine years — much less !
than the others, some of whom are veter- !
ans — his large vote was polled on the first |
ballot. At the forty-third annual session \
of the Grand body he was second on the
list after the polling of the votes. As was
mentioned in The Call yesterday, this j
would place him foremost iv the line for j
tnis year.
The otner candidates were elected by ac
clamation. J. W. Warboysand A. M. Drew,
in accordance with the rule established by
precedent, being elected to fill the offices
of grand and deputy grand master respect
ively.
The offices of grand secretary ana tTeas- j
urer are commonly tilled by the same men
year after year, except in case of death or
resignation. Therefore George F. Shaw
will fill the former and Moses Greenbaum
t^e latter position for the next year.
For the offices of grand trustee there
■were four candidates, three of whom were
to be elected. The general custom has
been to retain the members of the old
board as long as they wish to hold office.
The old board, C. O. Burton, C. W. Moul
throp and John Glasson, were candidates
in this instance, \riib the addition of John
Fish of Oakland.
The old board was retained, but Fish re
ceived a handsome complimentary vote of
126.
S. B. Smith of Sacramento was reap
pointed trustee of ti;e Odd Fellows' Home
at Thermalito.
The whole afternoon session was taken
up with the consideration of resolutions,
committee work and amendments to the
constitution. Several amendments in re
gard to the conduct of the Odd Fellows'
Home were laid over until to-morrow.
The most important amendment in this
respect is one contemplatinc: a $5000 per- I
rnanent membership. If such be adopted
any one can place an indigent member in
the home and in case he dies replace him
with anothei without extra cost.
In the evening the drill team of district
WHAT FAST GRAND MASTER BARNES THINKS
OF THE YOUNGER MEMBERS
The personnel of the officers and members of the pres
ent session of the Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows of California augurs well for
the future. Many young men are appearing to take
the places of the Argonauts who are passing away. The
brilliant record of the last two Past Grand Masters, J. H. Simp
son and P. F. Gosbey, have never been excelled in the history of
even this wonderfully prosperous jurisdiction. Both of them are
young men, and upon their elevation to this responsible position
their course has been watched with great interest; and the re
sults achieved have been most satisfactory to the order at large,
and they have merited and received the commendations of the
old, as well as the young. In the present contest for Grand
Warden it was noted that the candidates were, without exception,
young men, and the magnificent vote received by Karl C. Brueck,
which, breaking the rule in this regard — that he was selected
from among seven able competitors on the first ballot — is an ad
ditional evidenc • that the order has confidence in its young and
energetic members. WILLIAM H. BARNES,
Past Grand Master.
103. San Francisco, exemplified the initia
tory degree by conferring it upon a class
of candidates. After adjournment the
members and delegates repaired to the
Columbia Theater, where the benefit for
the Orphans' Home was bein-r played.
Ti e whole of today's work will be de
voted to a further consideration of resolu
tions and committee reDorts. It is now
thought that the labors of the grand body
cannot be completed before Saturday
morning or afternoon. The remaining
officers will then be appointed.
REBEKAHS ARE DIVIDED.
The Situation of the Orphans' Home
Will Ba Decided Upon
To-Day.
The morning session of the Rebekahs
i was also given over entirely to the election
. of candidates, and so closely contested was
I the election that they did not adjonrn till
j 1 :30 p. m.
As was expected, Mrs. Marian Green
wood of Stockton was elected to fill the
grand presidential chair, she having been
graud vice-president for the last year.
The contest over the vice-president lasted
fully an hour and a half and resulted in
the election of Mrs. Minerva Karsner of
Oroville. Her majority over Mrs. Savage
was only three.
For the next year Mrs. Mary E. Donoho
of Vacaville will be grand secretary. Mrs.
Donoho has been grand secretary during
the five years the Order of Rebekahs has
been in existence, and the members were
so well satisfied with the able manner in
! which her duties had been performed tnat
she was again called upon to fill that posi
tion, though the number of aspirants was
not few.
The office of treasurer was also sought
by many, but was finally secured by Mrs.
Anna M. Liese of Oakland.
After the election some resolutions in
regard to sick-benefit lodges were made.
They were referred to appropriate commit
te s.
Nearly all the afternoon was consumed
in an exhibition by tiie installation team
of District Grand Deputy Antoinette
Shaw of Amity No. 161. The installation
ceremony was conducted with a series of
fancy drills. The team numbered ten per
sons, and was led through the evolutions
by Grand Marshal Hattie Duly.
"This was just splendid," said a lady
member. "Mrs. Donoho has said some
awfully sweet things about the policy of
The Call during this session, and has
showered encomiums on it as the only
paper the mothers of this State cave a
tender feeling ior. Now, Mrs. Shaw has
spent a great deal of time in getting this
team in proper condition to give a good
exhibition, and The Call must repay us
by giving her credit for it."
The last half hour of the session was
given up to a discussion of tne proposition
of moving the Orphans' Home from Ther
nialiio to Giiroy. Gilroy has offered some
excellent inducements to take the home
there, and the debate on the subject was
full of snap and vigor.
The champions of Gilroy were Past
i Grand Master Simpson and "Miss Sophia
j Hutton of No. 00, San Francisco. They
' thought it would cause le-ss rasping be
tween the young and the old people to re
move the home from the influence of the
Odd Fellows' Home for Indigents. also
situated at Thermalito. and that, as Gilroy
is in the heart of a more thickly settled
district, more forms of relaxation and
amuseme::t for the youngsters could be
had.
The proposition was laid over till to-day.
In the evening a benefit was given under
the auspices of the Rebekans for the Or
phans' Home at the Columbia Theater.
The whole proceeds of the evening de
rived from the sale of tickets for Morri
son's "Faust" will go toward the main
tenance of the home.
Oscar Boully. who lives on an island in
the Missouri River, in Minnesota, had a
perilous time the other day. T c island
wai> covered with water, and he and his
family had to seek refuee in the trees,
against which the flpatlng ice bumped
alarmingly. The family spent the night
in the trees and wa9 rescued in the
morning.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1596.
McNAB HUSTLES
FOR HARMONY,
Allays and Concedes to Stop
the Rebellion Against
Him.
IT'S HARD TO BE A BOSS.
Daggett Has Twenty Unused
Jobs in His Political Bank
After All.
WORTH FIVE TOLLARS A DAY.
The Jauta Executive Committee Orders
Nominations lor Delegates to
Sacrameuto.
Gavin McXab has been very busy in
an effort to produce a harmony in the
Junta executive committee not too incon
sistent with the preservation of his man
agement of things.
He has been partly successful in allaying
and holding in abeyance the hostility to
his bossintr the machine. The executive
committee met Wednesday night and ad
journed without war.
There was no war because McNab had
made some surrenders and some prom
ises that he would not try to name most
of the delegates himself, and also because
the question of how far committeemen
shall have the naming of election officers
in their districts did not come up.
A majority of tne members will insist on
their nomiriations for elective officers be
ing recognized and a majority of the
members of the committee have agreed to
support one another's nominations.
Against this committeemen sovereignty
McNab by himself or through Chairman
Sullivan may buck in vain.
The main signiticance of this agreement
b provided in the Thirty-ninth, where
McNab wants to down Dr. \V. J. Gavistan,
the member of the executive committee
from that district, in the interest of J. A.
Fenton and the Daggett-Rainey combina
tion.
McNab wants a. Fenton delegation to the
State Convention, and so would amend
Gavigan's recommendations for delegates
and election officers. But Ed Lanigan,
who is very strong in the committee, will
undoubtedly stand by his friend Gavigan
and against McNab, as will a number of
others who will stand in on a general pro
gramme of self-protection against Boss
McNab.
MoN'ab's plan of having the many dele
gates at lurge vote with the districts
where they happen to reside for State
Central Comruitteemen is also being
strongly opposed by members weo are not
ready to carry out McN'ab's con
tracts with Daggett or to satisfy his
own ambition of securing large control in
the ttate Central Commute**, which he
may use as a whip in his efforts to Doss
the local machine.
Wednesday night the committee decided
that the district clubs should meet and
nominate delegates on Saturday evening.
This is the evening on which the Buckley
district clubs do a similar work.
McN'ab's plan of sending one-third of
the delegates at large was approved. The
ayjportionment declared gave six delegates
to each district and provided for fifty- three
at large.
It was resolved that the rule prohibiting
Federal. State or municipal employes
from being convention delegates should be
enforced in the interest of good looks.
The good looks of the -lelegation is the
chief issue on which McNab is bestowing
his political sagacity.
Election officers will not be appointed
until the night befcre the primary so that
the kicks will not last long.
The local Democratic politicians are
much at sea regarding the effect on local
politics ot the new civii serviceorder placing
the • mployes of the Mint and the rest of
the Federal employes heregenaraliy in the
classified li?t.
It will entirely withdraw a number of
active workers from the local political
field before long and will leave a number
taking an interest in polities but In a
much less active and influential aud more
independent way.
All of the mint employes will now be
secure in their positions for life or during
good behavior and capacity, there being
no laborers in the institution. A major
ity of the employes are politician*. They
have been politicians for their bread and
butter. If they want to stay where they
are they have nothing to gain in politics,
and the civil service regulations forbid
pernicious partisan activity.
Some feel already as though they had
received a long-needed bath, and with a
sigh of relief are preparing to withdraw to
the sunny seclusion, prosy career and
satisfying security of a Government job
that only te King of Terrors may work
them out of.
Some will undoubtedly stay in politics
for the reason that some Alabama people
get into watermelon patedes. They like
it and can't help it. But they will be no
man's political servants, and will lack the
partisan incentive that goes with many
Government jobs — an incentive that re
pembles a sharp stick. Then there must
I* some fear of the civil service law be
fore their eyes.
Daggett ia now shorn of much political
power through all this sudden loss of
patronage. There are many opinions
about what effect it will have on his
efforts and ambitions to gain State politi
cal power and to dominate the State Con
vention in the interest of gold.
But people who think this civil-service
order is going to take the Superintendent
of the Mint out cf pol itics are very much
mistaken. Daggett will remain a power
in local politics.
He nasa patronage-job bank left to draw
on. He will keep on buying committee
men with jobs.
Recently he received an order to coin
150.000 standard silver dollars in addition
to the current output during the next few.
months. This will require the hiring of
about twenty extra men, and this extra
help will not come under the civil service
regulations. He has left twenty jobs at $5
a day, which will last for ten months or a
year, and he will have absolute control of
these jobs.
Twenty jobs of that sort m ay amount to
a big political influence. None of these
appointments have been made.
There is general uncertainty as to when
the President's order goes into effect.
Many hold that it is in effect now and
removals and appointments are now
blocked by it. But yesterday a prominent
Federal employe, who was interested in
knowing, received telegraphic advice from
inside sources at Washington thai the
order would not to into effect for several
weeks. The Mint employes must be classi
fied and sworn in and a Mint board of
Civil Service Examiners appointed. All
future appointments will be made from
the list of those who successfully pass
the semi-annual examinations in the
order of both the percentage attained and
the priority of application.
There is much uncertainty, too, as to
what the politicians who are to become
civil service Government employes maybe
free to do in the field of practical politics
if they feel inclined to work therein.
The question of vow active such Govern
ment employes may be in partisan politics
is a hazy one with all that is said about it
in laws, rules and official opinions. The
answer seems to be that a Government em
ploye in the classified service may hustle
about pretty much as any politician may
do as long as the official power over him
is not inclined to repress his political ac
tivity and so long as he does not commit
such gross violations of the civil service
law and regulations that the Civil Service
Commissioners make take disease in hand
on complaint. Tne law intended to take
the Government service out of partisan
politics accomplished that end mainly by
taking it out of the pale of patronage influ
ence. It represses the political activity of
Government employes more by removing
the need and motive for such activity than
by effectively forbidding it.
"The last annual report of the Civil Serv
ice Commission contains the exposition
up to date of what civil service people may
do in politics. One is little wiser after
reading it than before.
The civil service law contains a good
deal protecting employes from political
assessments, coercion, and so on, but little
iv regulation of their own conduct. The
art provides that rules shall be made pro
viding:
Sixth— That no person in said service has
any right to use his oilicial authority or influ
ence to coerce the political action of any per
son or body.
General rule 1 of the revised civil ser
vice rules reads as follows:
Any officer in the executive civil service
who shall use his official authority or influence
for the purpose of interfering with an election
or controlling the result thereof, or who shall
dismiss or cause to be dismissed or use in
fluence of any kind to cause the dismissal of
any person from any plac- in the said service,
because such person has refused to be coerced
in his political action, or;ha3 refused to con
tribute money for }>oii:ical purposes, or has
refused to render po'.iiwal irerviue; and any
officer, cleric or other employe in the execu
tive civil service wue shall willfuily violate
any of these rules or any of the provisions of
sections 11. 12, 13 apt! 14 of the act entitled
"An act to regulate and improve the civil ser
vice of the United Stares," approved January
Hi, 1883, shall be dismissed from office.
This reads strongly, but that it becomes
hazy in practice is inferred from the expo
sitions of the law and the rule given by the
Commissioners in their report. The main
oody of the report contains the following:
The commission has many questions put to
it by outsiders, by Government employes and
by beads of departments as i<. what course
should be followed as regards active participa
tion in po. itics by people iv the classiiled
service. The rules against offensive partisan
ship are usually strictly construed against the
opponents of the pariy in power, and leniently
against their adherents. Government officials
belonging to the opposite party are dismissed
for attending prim'uriis, w rimis lettexi of con
gratulation to successful candidates, and tne
like, while adherents of the party in power do
this thinewith Impunity.
As a matter of tact, no rule about what is
deemed rropt-r partisanship in the classified
service has ever been authoritatively con-
Mrued, and the commission has no power
whatever to construe such a rule. The cudi
misslun feels strongly that whatever rule is
adoj.tfd should a;i'iy equally to adherents of
all parties, and that it wouid be *ufe to adopt
as such a rule the requirement that the arihtr
enti! of ihe party in power shall never do what
would cause friction in the office and subvert
discipline if done by opponents of the party in
power. A man in tne classified service Has an
entire right to vote as he iileases and
to express privately his opinions on
all political subjects; but he should not take
an active part in political management or iv
political campaigns, for precisely the same
reasons that v judge, an army officer, a regular
soldier or a policeman is debarred from taking
such active part. Ie is no hardship to require
a man to do this. It leaves him free to vote,
think and ipeak privately as he chooses,
but it prevents him while in the ser
vice of the whole public, from turning
his official position to the benefit of one
(■f the parties into which that whole r>ub-
Uc is divided; and la :;o other way can this be
prevented.
Along further In "notason the rules" is
found the following:
Partisan Activity— The commission has no
authority to take any action relative to the po
litical conduct of an officeholder unless it is
charged that he has violated the civil service
act of January 1<», I^B3, section 2. rar; VJ, sub.
6, in the use of "his official authority or inllu
ence to coerce the poli ical actiou of any per
son or body," or the civil service ru'cs, general
rule 1, by the use of 'l.is official anttiority or
influence for ttu purpose o; interfering with
f.n election or controlling the results thereof,"
or iv influencing a •Jis>mi.-sal for n reioaal to be.
coerced in political action, to contribute money
for political purpose*, or for a refusr.l to render
political s< rvice. The conduct of an office
holder not falling within the prohibitions is a
matter wholly for the consideration of the up
poinline power, in -which this commission
cannot interfere. The utility of these provis
ions of the law and rules quoted rests in some
degree as precepts, as only gross forms of these
violations can be easily proved.
Political Action— l pou inquiry whether an
employe in the meil service may act as dele
gate or on the committees ;or any party or
parties in city, county or Btata elections or
act in any capacity as judge, cleric or
challenger, or, In fact, "in any position in con
nection with an election, the commission de
cided that it was not its province to direct in
matters of this sort, but that it has always dis
NEW TO-DAY.
W. J. DINGEE,
Real 1. -title Agent and Auctioneer,
4i;>-;.;; Eighth Street, Oakland,
In conjunction with
«^
lAT AUCTION
TO-MORROW,
SATURDAY MAY 1896
At 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises,
Sear Dwight Way and Telegraph Avenue,
— a:nd fronting —
College, Benvenne and lllllr~u<.« Ave-
nues, Parker and Derby Street*,
6O 6O
SELECTED RESIDENCE LOTS
IN THE WELL-KNOWN
HILLEGASS TRACT.
The choicest location for family residences In this
city of grand views,
BERKELEY.
Surrounded by residences of the flrst-class busi-
ness men of San Francisco, the professors of the
State University and tin- best citizens of Berkeley;
but 1 block from I) wight Way, 1 block from Tele-
graph avenue and 4 blocks from Dwtghl \V«y
steam station : commands the flnt-Rt view obtain-
able of Hie Golden »iate, Mario County hills, the
bay and the City of Ban Francisco. '1 he streets
are In perfect condition, sewered, macadamized,
curbed, graded and wat r-plped; ■ all the street
work Is complete. Cement stone walks around the
entire property. ■ Public and private schools or>at
by, the State University but three minutes' walk.
Terms exceedingly liberal— Only out-
fourth cash; balance in 1, it and 3 years.
HOW TO REACH THE PROPERTY.
From San Francisco take the Berkeley train,
get off at Dwlght Way, walk up satnt. 10 UlUesass
avenue.
From Oakland take Telegraph-avenue electric
car. get off at Parker street, walk east one minute;
or Grove-street elect • car, gel off at Dana or
Dwight streets, walk east two minutes.
For catalosues, terms, etc., inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGIi & CO.,
Real F.state Agent* and Auctioneer*.
- 638 .Market street. San Francisco.
Or TOM. J. DINOKi;, Keal Estate Auctioneer.
460 and 46J Ki?hth street, Oakland. •
A. H. BIIKKD <& CO.. 460 Ninth at., Oakland.
BEKIiY A BANUH. lidO Mutter St., ban Franclscq
IRON BEDS,
!>» '■■! Mm BRASS BEDS,
<~~~ f FOLDING BEDS'
f . Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, iteollnln;
... .. • • Chairs, Wheel Chair*,
T T tT Commodes, Back Ke3:j
J! I^ flllff Tff W * A SCHROC^
fy-H v i i „ —2i —
**^^^-. HI ~iiai . >rw Montgomery
W +*"1 I J - St., under Oiraud
*^ ttotei, S. *\ .' ■
couraged Government employes from taking
any active part in party or political matters.
Such are the limitations to partisan ac
tivity which the politicians in the Mint,
Revenue Office and other departments will
feel if they want to keep on hustling in
local politics. But no boss, superintend
ent or* Collector can now give political or
ders which must be obeyed.
FRIENDS OF THE COPPER.
It Has a Sort of Status in One
or Two Large Retail
Stores.
Purchases of One-Cent Pieces at the
Sub-Treasury Have Fallen
Off of Late.
George A. Blank, the Oakland candy
man, has won his fight against the Soutti
ern Pacific Company, and that powerful
corporation will have to receive 1-cent
pieces as a legal tender for fares on its
boats and lines in future. If the precedent
thus established is followed to any great ex
tent the company may be obliged to handle
bushels of copper daily.
However, judging from present indica
tions, it would not appear that the copper
cent is destined to figure to any notable
degree in the linancial marts of the City
and State. The tact that a few lanre retail
houses make use of the Eastern importa
tion has stirred up quite a flutter in the
breast of the old Californian, to whom
nickels are an abomination. But he may
as well stop fluttering, since the signs of
the times seem to indicate that the mass
NEW TO-DAY.
ill
As far as the eye can reach no limit or bound to the
resources of the old=iine butchers exists, hence no jaded or
inferior stock is foisted by them upon an unsuspecting public.
It is sold, too, at prices that defy competition when quality is
considered. Patronizing* the butchers who have helped build
up this Western country to the proud position it occupies
means protection to yourself. It means not only the protection
of vast business resources, but the maintenance of healthy
competition. The woman makes no wild guess who supports
home industry in opposition to the invasion of foreign monopoly
J. H. MESOMV, Stalls 7. Sand 9. California Market. 18. SOLOMV Grand Central Market, Market Street,
BARK ■ STROIiSE, Day City Market, USB to 1146 ' near Sixth.
Market Street. KATZ & SOSS. Stalls 81 to 100, California Market.
LEOS IK STOSE & CO.. 236 Sixth Street. JOHX lIUDF.N, 124 Sinth Street. 525 Seventh street.
H.IMOJD & MO., Justice Market, 83 and 55 Fourth SCURADE& BROS., City Ball Market, 1342-1344 Market
Str.ct. : Street.
ill A . A '. . 638 MARKET STREET 111 A A A fV~^^
At Auction By order of the At Auction
SAN FRANCISCO GASLIGHT COMPANY.
ZJL | m UL I « UL I *f+*-
. Fronting First, Fremont, Beale, Howard and Moma Streets.
I j ~ " '
NATOMA STKKET.
100 ; : 25 25 25 10l> r ~" 2 7 137:6 137 71 a
. « 6 . 15 S —: _ ! _ ; ?L
-— -r- : — g • B• ■ . 16 2
§ 5 18 17 il6 M • ■ • g — : fl
r — i & » — ? L_ , . . is - s -
n_ : . : _ : 2 g 4 ' 100 v g '
. §;. 3 ' . ■ 12 . . § C : L i "
5 ». . I* « »■ .8 s 1 3 8 , x ;- " «b
£i— v —78 •- IT —g ?_ I___ 89 10 13 • g>
- o 1 10 c H C _ . w l C*
*|_ 100 125 25 25 100 *' |g ~\ 15 25 25 " |
HOWARD STREET.
— : ; - r— ; 25 25 >2525j 25 ! 32T6 " : — — ~ ' ' ■' . : —
5 6 5 ' *■ 3 2 U §! \.^,+ ■ 2
» " ■ » . g \ -* — z
Li s I %
1 * . .. •. . ■ **
Business and Meohanlcal Industries surround this property.
This property is located in the present growing business portion of our city, and certainly has the brightest
outlook for Investors of any section. .
Business men, capitalists, investors and speculators should examine this property, for It certainly presents
an elegant opportunity for one and all to obtain a large percentum on the capital they may Invest.
TERMS— One-fourth cash, balance in 1, 2 and 3 years. Interest 7 per cent per annum.
N. B.— California Title Insurance and Trust Company will Issue a policy of Insurance to each purchaser for
the amount of the purchase price for the sum of $25 for each 25-foot lot. :
PROBATE Sj9LIIjE3.
Easterly line of South Park, 143 feet southwest of Second Street. Two houses, Nos. 61 and 70, about 6
rooms each, with cottage In rear of No. 70. House and lot No. 61 Is 22 by about 130 feet. House and lot No*. 7O
Is 18 by about 12Ofeet, with cottage In rear. The property will be sold as an entirety or In the two subdivisions.
Handsome park In front of the property. TERMS— CASH. Subject to approval of Superior Court.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
ng 638 ■JVE.A.aFt.IEE-ET' STREET.
of Pacific Coast business will at least keep
above the nickel limit.
"We are not called upon for many cop •
per cent pieces." said Thomas P.Burns,
cashier of the United States Sub-Treasury,
yesterday. "In fact the decline in their \
use as a medium of exchange is " very
marked. We are now receiving them at a
rate of from $500 to $700 worth per month,
while we give out only $100 worth or there
abouts.
"The cents which we receive, however, do
not as a rule come from the City. Country
postmasters find their cash boxes clogged
with copper and send it to us in order to
get rid of it. A few large retail stores are
using copper in considerable quantities, i
and the Emporium in the Parrott build
ing will also use it.
"One can easily perceive that the de
mand is comparatively insignificant when
it is borne in mind that in January of this
year we received $1000 worth of new cent
pieces from the Philadelphia mint. Thus
far the amount has remained intact."
At J. J. O'Brien's Cashier Cummins had
little to say about cop] c ia3 a medium of j
exchange.
"We occasionally receive copper cents
over the counter," he remarked, "and we
never refuse them; but the sums which
come in are so trifling tuat we set them
aside for the purchase of postage stamps.
We never give cents or stamps in change."
At the Maze, however, the copper is a
recognized business factor.
"We have used them for years," re
marked Ralph E. Marx, secretary and
manager of the concern "and our business
has not suffered thereby. It is amusing,
however, to see people come in here with
cents which they have saved, asking us to !
'change them for money.' We always do,
for we need the little coppers in our busi
ness. We charge the last cent on every
bill, and give the last cent in change, i
which is a thing we could not do unless |
we employed copper money. There are j
so many little things which are worth less i
than five cents, that our plan works ad- i
mirably.
"Supposing, for example, a lady wants
one or two common hatpins. They may
be worth 10 cents a dozen and with a
nickel she must have six. Now if they are
quoted at a cent apiece she may get ex
actly what she wants, neither mort'nor less,
and pay only the exact price. Then there
is a saviner to be considered. If we sell
for 98 cents an article quoted elsewhere at
a dollar, the saving is 2 per cent: if we sell
a 50 cent article for 43 cents the saving is 4
per cent, while if we sell a 10 cent article
for 9 cents the saving is 10 per cent. It
looks reasonable, don't it?
"Most of the cent pieces we use come to
us from our customers, who have received
them from us in change. Still, we some
times run short, and then we have to buy
coppers from the sub-troasury. Perhaps
$20 a week would about cover our pur
chases in that ! ine. Meanwhile the cent
is ;ui established factor in our business,
and will, in ail probability, remain so."
At Hale liros.' establishment the same
ut,ai<e obtains. Many of their staple arti
cles are quoted at 6, 9 or 13 cents, or other
sums wliich render the use of the copper
imperative in order to make exact change.
The daily average business in cent pieces
amounts to $5 or more. The Hales have
bout;l. t as much as $100 worth of coppers
from the sub-treasury in one month.
\n Adopted Child's Death.
A pathetic story develops in the death of
Charles Butler, the ten-month-old adopted
child of J. F. Butler, 33 South Park, which waa
reported to the Coroner yesterday morning.
The infant was procured from St. Joseph's Asy
lum when only a few days old by Mr. and Mrs.
Butler. The child grew rapidly and was as
healthy a specimen of diminutive humanityaa
one could desire to see. Yesterday Mr. Butler
intended taking out regular papers giving him
the sole guardianship of the child and in
structed his wife to have their joint charge
run ly for identification. The little fellow was
dressed In his best clothes and placed in the
baby-csrrlage preparatory to his appearance
before the proper authorities. Mrs. Butler left
her charge for a moment, when the little fellow
sought iv reich some object beyond his grasp.
He lost his balance and tumbling to the hard
pavement below suffered a fractuie of the
skull, resulting iv his death later in the day.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
I I MMAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat continues dull.
Feed Hurley In demand and higher.
Corn steady. Oats and Rye dulL
Hay and Beans unchanged.
Potatoes unchanged.
New Onions weaker.
Vegetables about the same.
Batter steady. Kggs unchanged.
Poultry weak and quiet.
Cannera baying Cherries.
Berries and Currants lower.
Citrus Fruits as before.
Dried Fruits neglected.
Hides very firm.
Provisions unchanged.
itaiber more doing in Wool.
Kxplanatlon.
The arrow ftlea with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for tbe
days: :lio-e underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and handredtfaa,
dunn? thp past twelve hours. Isoburs, or solid
lin-s. conin ct points of efjual :»ir pressure; i«'>
tberm-;. or dotted lines, eg lal ten perature. '.lie
won: "liieii" means hinh I arometric prcssore :.iid
Is usually accomnanled by tair weather: "low"
r* f ". r > ;o i<iw pressure, and is nxaally preceded
ami accompanied by clcudy weathtr'and raini.
"Lows"' usually first a;>i.ei,r on the Wttshington
cca-*:. When tbe pressure is high In tbe mtprioi
I wa.u.ig the cous..ui:d the isuhars exten,d
north and south along the coast, rain la pro
but when ;h<- "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south ot I 'regon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
th<- ; ress ire falling to the ( a tfornia coast, warmer
weather may be expected .11 summer an<! ■
Weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WKATBEB Bill Al REPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ti'ke, Wkathsb Bcbkau, San Francisco,
May 14.1896, 5 P. It— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date lan season:
Eureka 50.41, las: season 41.91: Bed Blufl 21 (38,
last season 26.25: San Francisco 20.84, last season
25.41; Fresno 8.16,. last season 14.67: San Luis
Obispo 17.64, .sal season -5.93; Los Angeles
9.35, last Reason 16.04; Ban Dieco 5.92, last
season 12.16; YumalgS, la3t season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-;lay from stations in California during
the past twenty -fonr hours: Kurekas4. Bod Bluff
72, -an Francisco 70, Fresno 76, San i.ms Übibpo
80, Li s Angeles *4. -an Diego 70, Yuma 94.
San Francisco Maximum temperature 70.
minimum 54. mean 62.
The urea of high pressure central this morning
over Northern California, ■ reson and Washington
lias lost much of its energy and is to-night con
fined to a narrow strip alont; the northern coast,
be: ween Eureka and Fort <"iinby. There has neen |
a general and rapid fall In pressure ov-r the coun
try wesi of the Rocky .Mountuin-i during the past
twelve hours. Over Washington the fall amounts
to two-tenths of an Inch. The pressure still con
tinues low in the upper Missouri Valley, the press
ure at Bismarck to-night being 29.74 niches.
The temperature has fallen slightly over tie
Pacific States. At l.<>- Angeles there ha* been a
fall of 10 degrees in the i_iist twenty-four hours.
In Ar.zona maximum tempera. ures of nearly
90 degree* are reported.
There has been a marked increase in the cioudi
ness.. especially ov-?r the northern half of the
Pacific slope, daring the past twenty-Jour hours.
Rain has fallen a) a majority of the stations in
Washington and Idaho: and it is now raining at
Tatoosh Island. \\ a. la Walla and Baker City.
Hich winds are reported at Eureka.
The conditions are '.ess favorable for fair weather
in Northern California daring me next twenty-four
hours than they have been.
Fore made at s-an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. .May 15. .896:
Northern California Generally fair I riday, but
with increasing cloudiness and possibly light rain
in extreme northwestern portion; high north
westerly winds along the coast.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fre3h north
westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy weather and probably rain in
extreme northern portion.
Utah— Cloudy weather Friday.
Arizona— fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair Fri
day, but with increasing c;oudiness: fresh north
west winds. ALEXANDKK (i. McADIK,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW lOEK MARKETS.
Financial.
NF.W YORK, N. V., May 14.— Dullness was
the predominant feature at the Stock Exchange
to-day, but the market while quiet was decidedly
firm throughout. London was mainly responsible
for the hluher range of price*, l >reien houses hav
ing purchased between ten and twelve thousand
Shares of various stocks and fair amounts of rail
way bonds. The reduction in the posted rates for
60 days' exchange induced local j operators to
buy. while the commutation of the sentences of
th" Transvaal conspirators seemed 10 exert ■ ..(■'>!
eil . : on foreign traders. A belief that a sound
money candidate will be uotninaied at St. Louis
gained ground, and also had is influence. The
successful taking of the New York City loan ana
the recent purchases of railway securities by Eu
ropean bankers ou;ht to have an Important infiu
euce on the gold export movement. The Improve
ment In the general run of active stocks was
equal to 14(0,1 per cent, and was well dls;ribnted. ■
A lew of 'lue specialties scored exceptional ..inns,
Buffalo, Rochester and Pittßburg rising 434 to
eoi/i, and Bay State Gas2Vito *o*4- Spe'cula
ti >n ciosert linn. Total sales were 103,550 ■bares.
Bonds were more active and higher. The total
sales were $1,111,000. Atcbisoa adjustment
fours nse 11/2 to -id' ■> Nortuern Pacific terminal
sixes, ll4tOl08%: Northern Pacific first sixes.
ajfctollo^: Krie first consolidated sevens,'^ to
: .• 1 ...
in Government bonds $76,000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 117' li "'4.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII., easy:- Winter wheat, low grades,
92 50@3 CO; do fair to fancy, .*;• 85(S :■! 85: do pat
« 1 is. $3 90@4 20: Minnesota clears. $2 50C<£3 15: do
straights, >:-i o(j@3 10; 00 patents, S-n ibhyl 35;
low extra. 9- i*O(gtSOO; city mills, $1 10 a 4 do
patems, -t 1 3004 50: rye mixture, *2 5U@3 M):
6ui>erljue, *f"2 lu<a,- 35: line, $2 i)i,(a.'£ 30. .->outi
••rn flour; quiet, easy: Common 10 fair extra, $2 40
@3 O'J; good to choice. ?.; 00<a,ct M. Kye (lour,
ii! . l, steady; $2 4U(.V~ 83. Buckwheat flour, $1 20.
. ill v IvWH r. AT— 40SJ2C.
CORN MEAL — Quiet, easy; yellow Western
05fe2 10: Isramlywin<", $2 15.
Nominal; No. 2 Western. 41)te44y 2 >;.
BARLEY— Quiet; ungraded Western, »9@4lc,
BARI I.V -Nominal; Western. 4bfis3c.
WHEA'I— 1 till: firm: f. o. b. 77c to arrive;
ungraded red, 65i'£b0c; No. 1 Northern, 7i-c.
Options dull, unsettled: closing steady at un
changed prices to i/^c decline with only local sea p
liii.' trade. July most active. No. Si red, Ma}", 63% c:
June. 65 3 4 c: July, 69»4c: t.ugus., 69y c; cep
tciin.ei. bus,^c;. J>e<enttier, 7 1: r , . " !
CORN— I'uil, firm. No. 2, 35iAc elevator:
36i^c afloat.
options dull and steady at Vs^ decline following
the. West, July moil active; May. asi' 2 c: July,
36V»<': September, 87J^c
j HATS— Active, steaqy. '
Options dull, firm: May, 24% c; June and July,
245/4 C.
bpot prices: No. 2, 25c; No. 2 white. 26c: No.
2 CJilcagO.2Bc: No. 3, 2 Ac: No. 6 white, 25-.-; mixed
Western, 20026::; white do. and white State. 26®
28c. •
FEED BRA N- -57' Ma 62 Vac
Jl ILIiJLI €s@7Ue. ~
■RYE— Fted, easier, 65c.
Provisions.
"BEEF— Quiet, family, $9 M)@ll; extra mess,
$7 <& 8: beef hams, - dull, $14 5O (ih lo
tlerced beef, Inactive; city extra India mess, $14@
15T,0: cut meats quiet, unchanged: pickled bellies,
I'. 1 pounds. 4 %C; do shoulders, 4 'Ac; do hams
&(£!>' -C
LA nil— QuleUflrmer; Western. if 4 90; city, $4 20;
May. $4 90; Refined, quie:; continent, $5 25:
sen ii American.* «J 60: compound, 414 c.
!'<». X— Quiet, weak; old miss, .fh 75(^9 25; new
mesH, $9 ..>.
IUUTTK It— Quiet: fancr., fairly ac:ive; state
dalrv, B(£lsi/3c-; do creamery, 11©>16c: Western
dairy. 7(ctllc: no creamery, ll(g)15c: do held.
9@l'lc; do factory, 7(^10c; Klgln.-i, 15i/jtl@6<;:
imitation creamery, e%@l2c ■. ' .• . ■ , .
CHKE-K — new. easy; State- lafce. old,
Fi@9%c; do new, 1 4(.>" -•■: do smell,*- old. -4%
(al<!<: pan skims, Old, 3(i(,4%c: do, new, 2@sc;
full skims, '.fa'- ! •><:■ >'-'.'■
EUiia — blt-ady; Slate ami Pennsylvania, 10'/a@
lie: Southern, nonifcr . Western fresh, 9@lOi/2o:
do, per case, 91 25®-.! 10.
TALLOW- Dull, easy; city. 3 3-10@3%e: conn
try, BVB^«V4C
>rii>Nst\ED OlL— Quiet, steady: crude. 21
rTj l •..<: yellow, prime, 526@26V4c; do off grades,
26@2BJAC.
RO*lN— Quiet, steady;, strained, common- to
good, 91 85(gjl 91).
POTATOES— Weak.
TURPENTINE- Dull, weak. 2654@27.
KlCK— Steady. Domestic. fair to extra, s Ac;
Japan, 3@4i/ic
MOLASSES— Finn; New Orleans open Kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c
COFFKK— Dill, unchanged to 10 points down. I
May. $13 05: June. $12 75: August. 911 9b; Sep
tember. $11 40; March. $1060. Spot Kio, firm,
quiet; No. 7. i 4y B <<si4V4e.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, tirm; fnir reflnlne, 35/ 8 e:
centrifugals. 96 test, 41/4 C: reflnea. linn, quiet:
oil A. 4 U-16@5c: mold A. 6%c; standard
A, ss.»c; confectioners' A, sVic; cut loaf. 6c:
crushed, 6c; powdered and granulated, 6*'gC;
cubes, t>'', b r. ■ .
Fruit anil Produce.
(AI IFOFNIA FRUITS—
ALMONDS— NominaI.
WALNUTS— Nominal.
APKICOT>— Bags. Si/><aiOc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, i tb, 10@12c; do un
])f€len. C(47c.
Pit ONES— Four sizes. sc. '
RAISINS— Two-crown loose muscatel. 23,i(53c;
three-crown do, 3^i(a>4c: four-crown do, (g(sc;
do London layers, 'M)cla $1.
WOOL— Quiet: domestic fleece, 16@21c; pulled,
16&33 c: Texas, 7@l'_'c.-
HOI'S— easy; State common to choice,
2^@Sc: Pacific Coast, a^@7c.
Merchant! i»e.
IMG IRON-Quiet: American, *10 75@13 60.
COPPER-Steady: lake, 511.
LEAD— Firmer: domestic. 43 05.
TIN-Steady: straits. *13 40@13 60; plates,
moderate demand. ■
SPELTER-Quiet; domestic. $4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, li.t-, May 14.— Business In wheat
was of a very Indifferent sort to-day, the dullness
being in fact oppressive. The weather was the
principal item of consideration In fixing the price,
the rains in the Southwest having a distinctly
bearish effect on the minds of the traders. The
predictions for 30 hours were for lower tempera
ture generally and in portions of the West light
frosts were expected. This was conceded to mean
aeatli to the bugs thai nave been attacking the
grain. The Cincinnati Price Current in in sum
mary reported crop conditions for the past week
not fully maintained, but stated that favorable
weather would prevent serious injury. Receipts at
Chicago were 2 cars and 6000 bushels were taken
from store. 1 lie Northwest had 283 cars, against
2HB last Thursday and 152 a year ago. Liverpool
cables were quiet and easy. Berlin and Paris had
a holiday. Damage reports from Indian.', und
Michigan caused a firmer feeling later in the ses
sion and prices recovered all the ground lost early.
Export clearances were 54,184 bushels. July
Wheat opened from 63Vi(s»63s.ic, sold between i
6334<g63%c and 63y B e, closing at 633/ B e, a shade j
under yesterday. Estimated receipts lor to-mor
row 7 cars.
CORN— The session in corn was passed much In
the usual ma i.er. There was the customary
amount of local trading and scalpers were inclined
to do some little business the tone of wheat acting
In the capacity of a guide to the course pursued. .
News was of little importance or significance. Liv
erpool cables were quiet. Receipts were 114 cars, i
and 135,4 1 7 husht-1-i were withdrawn from store.
Kxport clearances amounted to 198,814 bushels.
July corn opened at 29% c, sod at 30c, losing at
i!9%c, unchanged from yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 170 cars.
Oil B— .Exhibited an inclination to follow in the |
wake of wheat and coin. Less o: independence
than recently prevailed was no^ed, and the trade
was nolicably smaller. Receip.s were 119 cars,
and 24.4.900 bushels were withdrawn from store.
July oats close! unchanged from yesterday. Es
timated receipts lor to-morrow 144 curs.
FLAX— Was dull and nominally steady. Cash,
B6V2C; May, 84c nominal; July, 85c, nominal;
September, b7c bid. Receipts were 10 cars.
PROVISIONS— Some little encouragement to
product was derived from a slight advance in hog
prices this morning, but the feeling was no: such :
as to help along a bull movement. At the same 1
time the extremely low prices prevailed and were |
an obstacle to any decided break. Juiv none I
closed 15c higher than ye-itordav, July iard :>(q, i '
7i*>c higher, and July ribs 5c higher.
BUTTER— butter market was fairly active
ana firm to-day. Orl'erines were not large, and 1
orders were with some difficulty filled. ;
Creameries— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14%c: sec
' onds. 1 l<g>l 3c: imi. unions, fancy, 10@llc Dairies—
Extras, lac; firsts, 10 (<t. lie: seconds. 9c.
Laules— Extras, 9(a,10c; firsts, B@B%c; packing
stock. 7c : ■.•
EGGS— Were quiet and easy. Supplies were
larger than the demand. Siocks in many in
stance* showed the ert'ecis of nea:. Fresh stock, 8
@'.>c per dozen.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and *><<t7X on time i
loans. New York exchange sola at $1 premium. !
Closing Price*.
WHEAT — -May. tJ2%c; July. 033/ 8 c; eep
tember, 64@64VsC.
CORN — May. 29c; July, 29T' 8 c; Septem
ber, 31@31Vs-
(JAi>~ May, 193/gc; July. 19-Vsc; Septem
ber, 19vgc.
PORK— July. $7 HO: September, ?7 95.
LARD— JuIy, $4 70; September, R4 85.
1;1B^^— July, $4 15; September, $4 27%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARD.-, 111., May 14.-Only !
a light supply of cattle was on sale to-day. The de
mand was good at firm prices. Offerings of ho^s
were moderate. There was a go<*i demand. Prices |
averaged 10A1SC higher. The run of sheep was
moderute and prices ruled firm.
CATTLE — Receipts. 9000. Fancy beeves,
$4 40*4 50: choice to ; rune. 1300 10 1700 pound i
steers, $4 20(at 35: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. $3 90(&4 15: medium steers. 1000
to 1400 pounds. $3 70&4 00; common to tair steers.
950 10 1400 pounds. S3 5 fa.3 70: choice leeders.
900 to 1150 pounds. $3 'o,a. i 00; common to choice i
ivocicers. £2 85f4>3 65: bulls and stags, chuice 10
extra. $2 85'<£3 26: bulls, pour to choice, $2 15@
2 bO; cows and heifers, extra.s3 76@4 00; cows, tair
to cnolce. $2 40(<d3 70: cows, common to fair,
•?1 50*2 35: calves, good 10 choice. $4 35
(<l4 75; calves, common to good, $::cj.i 00; Texas
grass steers, $2 70(n-3 30: 1 fxa.l ted steers. $3 46
(e.i 15: Texas cows and bulls. $2 40@3 40; milkers
una springers, per bead, S'.'U-n 111.
HOGS— Receipts. 21,000. Heavy packers, $3 20
03 40: common 10 choice mixed, $3 20(0.3 45;
choice assorted. $3 46&3 55; light, $3 25@3 60;
Pica, $2 7.iv,.< 40.
fcilEl-.P— Receipts. 11,000. Inferior to choice,
?-t 3 90: ianiDs, $3(g.5.
KKW lu,.K MOCKS,
Bonds, Exctiange-, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Sioner on call easy at 2y 2 @3',-: last loan at 2%%; :
and closing offered at 21/2 '.'• r! '-"•• mercantile paper,
b(§ib l/ 2.l /2.- Bar silver, 67y 8 c Mexican dollars. ;
53% c. bterling exchange steady, i with actual !
business In DanKers' bills at $4 «7 / 2 @4 87»4 for
60 cays and #4 88V2®4 88% for demand. Pomea
rat«-«. *4 88(*4 89. ; Commercial bills, SI 86%
@4 87%- Government bonds steady; Slate bonds
dull: railroad bonds higher, silver at the board '
was firm.
•-•.,..;;■. CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel * Cable.... 88 I Norfolk A \Ve«-..' y*
Atchlson_ , 15 : Preferred. _ 8s/ 8
■ Preferred 2;-p 4 Northern I'aclfla.. i/ .
Adams express... 149 ; Preferred 12 '
AKon.Terreliaute. 55 .Norm western. ..... l0 * 3 ,i
American Express.ll3 I Preferred .I*B
American Tobacco. 66*4 K. Y. Central 9?3/a9 ?3/a
Preferred 98 ;>. . Y. Chlcago<fcil, 13 |
Bay btateGas 30 8 4 si preferred..... "8
Baltimore A Ohio.. li 3 /s id preferred. 32
BrunswicK Lands.. %'>•• Y.& N. 11.... M ..173
Buffalo. Roch <fcP. 24i/ 4 ]N. Y.&New Eng. 46
Canada Pacific... 60 ■N. Y. W... BY,
Canada Southern,. •>9%! Preferred _ 2334 i
Canton Land _ 607 Ontario. I3y» j
Leniral ±»aclflo 1 lV 2 j Ontario <fe Western. 141^
elite, 0h1a...... 16 7, g Oregon lmprovmt. 1
Chicago Alton 15* j Preferreo.. —
Preierrea 170 Oregon NaTigatlon. 16
Chicago, a.*. «..- 7'J.y B :OreconKhort Lin*. 7%
Chicago <S E. 111... 41 iraciric Mau. ....... 2GV4
Preferred. !'9v a i fr-eona. U.X. Evan*, 2y 2
Cbicagouas •Jbi /8 t I'ittsburg W pfd. 15
Clevt- &. Putaburg.lU- .Pullman Paiau«...ls7
Consolidation Coai. -0 quicksilver... „ 1
Consolidated Gas.. iri7i/ 2 Preferred m 15
C. C. C. St. Louuk 3:>»/j. Reading 11%
Preferred 83 LloGrandeiWesM 18
Colo, fuel A Iron.. 291/4] Preferred. 43
Preferred io Rock Island 70y ■
Cotton Oil Cert.... I. i ) '.omeWa: AOgdenll ;v 2
Commercial Cattle. l.«) jfct. L. AS. Vy ....... 4%
Lei. Hudson 12 3%| Preferred. lou, !
Lei.LackdtWe»;ernl 9 * i-t.Paui 7;-.Z
l>*nver<Eß-U 13 I Preferred..., 12H
Preferred 48%' et. Paul & Dulatb. 23
I ietillers „ ]»i/4 ! Preferred 8&
General Electric... 3 s»/ 4 i^u Paul Omaha. i'. "n !
trie."..-...' „• 14V 2 I Preferred 124% i
Preferred :s7i/ 2! 6t. P. M. A M......11 '
tort Wayne 160 silver Certificates.. 67 A i
Great Northern Did. 11 5 bouihern i'acllla... 1951
Green % t-oumera ti. it... — 95/ a I
llaricm 290 1 Preferreo.. ....:.. RO
Hocking Coal ' 2V2ibUKar Refinery.... 1 2 13£
Hocking Valley... '6 . Preferred.. 1031/4 ;
: luiiit-vuku 31 Term. Coal St Iron. 27
H. A Texas Cent-. 5* Vi Prefermfl.'. .' 100 ■■
Illinois Central.... '•.'■<• - 2 Texas Pacific.. . 814 '
lowa Central 81/, 1 A.'A.<t N.&tico.— —
Preferred 34 loL <t OhloCen.... 37
Kansas <£ Texas. lli/i'. Preferred... .. 73
Preferred 2.V; , iol. St. Louis ASJX DVh i
Kingston 4 Pern... 3 i Preferred 6
iin-Kr>' <b Wests 17% Union Pacific. ..... 8
Preferred. .. ... ... ' 69^. ; I P.. Den. A Uolb 35.
U*o' Shore 14-. ,li .S. Cordage....... 5
National 1^ead...... 25Vj Preferred «. 9%
Prelerred :. % Uunr&nteod _ 19 '
Long Island 80 D. b. Express...... '42
Louisville A Nash. ..1 ,V. b. Leather.. 9
Louisville Na&Ch. 9% ferri-d. _ e5
Preferred......... lii ' L". 8. RuDber....... 2-tVs '
Manhattan Con sou s ' Preferred. .. 71-3?
liempnisdi Cnarla, 16 t'tlcaA B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... jo i Wau. &L. A Pao.. |v
Michigan Central.. 95 i Pn-fcrred. 17i»k
AJii.i. .v >. L — Wells-Fareo. 97
Preferred. — • [Western Union.. Ss l i!
JUlnnut St. Loom. IH Wit Central. ...... 1
Ist preferred 78 Wheeling «L. 8.. ' 9Si
Sd preferred....'..' 49 ' • Preferred. so'
Missouri lacitic... 2 ".' 4 An. Cotton Oil pta. 6.";
Mobile* Ohio 1!»% w 0 Beef.. I*l
' Nashville Chatt.... 68 {Ann Arbor 91- 1
: National Liuseed.. - 17 ! Preferred...' 25
I N. J.Ceuiral. ...... 105 (Brooklyn Traction.
North American... 6%Erie 2d pfd 21%
: ' tLOeiXG BONDS.
V 4s. re« .'.'...". lO9V«|M X T 2d51...;.. 58V 4
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..110% Do. 4«. '.' 86vl
C P 4sneTrrejj.;.. 11 1/ ' Mutual Union 65... 114 •
' Do, 4s coupon... 117* 'N J Cent Gen bs 119
- De. 25............. Northrrti Pac Ists!ll63i
t«......-......H3' j Do. 2d5.:.i~....ns
l)o, ts c0uc0n....*13 1 .bo. Hat .......; 75
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. MAT 15, 1896.
Cherokee 4s, 189ti. 10b ■ Northwest ConsoU. 1 ♦':
To, 1887- 100 ! 10.ueb6«.. 110
D 0.189- 100 iOR&N lsts 109
Uo. 1889........:. 100 BiLAlronMtOenSs 79
I'edtlc of 'V 5.... • Ist L&bF C.«n 6s. 112%
D. C. 8-6 5s 109 Vi f-t Paul Consols ...132
Ala Class A 4. 106 M. p. c. APalsti. 130
Do. Class 84, ss. 10>> j Da Pac Cal •«*,. 1 0 '
LaConsol«s. 98% Southern K. R. Os. 98%
Jllfsourl funding.. — Texas Pacific firsts 91
US Carolina as.. 124 | Texas Pac seconds. 22%
Do, 4a .....101 • Union Pao lstof 9B. 2
Fo Carolina 4%5...106 West Shore 4a 106»/s
Tttinnewas 84 Mobile A Ohio 4a. U6V3
V» funding deDc... 6'J |; Grande West lsu 75%
fo. reit .— Cbes A O 6«. ....... 107^
deterred 65. .. 5 Atchlson «■ 79^
Da trust rcDts st 7 1 Do. £ds a... 42V*
South 2as.. 106 oH<t S A 6a...... 105
l"*n Pac lstsor'9s H!2 i Da 2d 7s. . ... 103
Den 4 R Ist 110 HA Tex Cent 108%
r-B '*'-'- 91' 2 Scones I<J2
r.rle*os 65 1/4 1 Reading 4s 79%
ivnnßas Pa Consols 73 Mta*oun «M  10U '
ai. i-a lti» Dtndlvlll |
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IX LIVKRPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Eno., May 14.— spot market
Is quiet at 5s 4d@ss fid. Cargoes steady at 27s 9d.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May
M 3%d; June. 5s 3%<1: July, 6s 3y a d; August, 6s
3V 3 d; .-eptember, 5s 3»i.d.
SKCURITIKS.
LONDON, Kno.. May Consols, 112; silver. !
31 l-10d; French Rentes, 102f 62V,c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 8814
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89^:
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 07% i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — .10 j
Fine Silver. %* ounce — 67T»
Mexican Dollars 64% 65 I
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTU£B GRAINS.
WHEAT— Continues very dull. No. 1, $1 064
@1 07%; choice, $1 ot*s4@i 10: lower grades, $1
(3.1 05; extra choice for milling, $1 15(0,1 20.
■ '. 1.1. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
IlEonuß Muhnin-s Skssion— December— loo
tons, $1 u.")«g.
akikhniiun session — December— 2oo tons.
$1 051/3: 300, $1 05S/ 8 .
BAKLEY— Feed is advancing under a brisk de
mand, said to be tor account of the May shorts,
some 4000 tons being needed altogether. Feed,
72%©75 c; choice, 16Vi@77%c; Brewing, 80@85&
CALL BOARD -MI'S.
Informal Sfssk.n — 10 o'clock— No sales.
lUouwk liOIBIHa Session — December— loo
tons, 76y c.
Ai-TiiiiMiiiN Nksmion— No sales.
OATS— Milling are quotable at 76@82y«c ctl;
fancy Feed, 82%(587%0; good to choice. 75^60c;
common to fair, 67 1 -.fa72i a : Gray, 72%@80c; Sur
prise. 90c©«i f- cil.
CORN— Business is confined to the local jobbing
demand as a rule. Large Yellow, 88»i@92%c;
Small Round do, 87i/>c©sl; White, 85(gi9t)c %4 ctl.
RYE— 76Vi@7fcSic ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— 86#90c *p ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
' FLOIIR— Net rash prices are: Family extras,
83 Tf-inM 85 bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 5 5@3 65;
superfine, $2 75 @3. ' t-';."
CORN MEAL, ETC.-Feed« Corn, «20@20 60;
Cracked Corn. $21 %i ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10- B sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2 : ' 4 c; Rye Flour, 31,4 c: Rice Flour. 7%c: Corn
meal, 2^i(g,3c; extra cream do. 31 .»<■; Oatmeal,
3»ic: Oat Groats, 4%c; Uominy, 4(<p4i^c: Buck- i
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 31 -c* Farina,
4 ' ... ■; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled OIIU, 4%c;
Pearl Barley, 4%c: Bpllt Peas, 4^c; Green do, ;
6i/*c «i tt,.
MAY AND FKED.STUFFS.
BRAN— SI 460 a, 16 p* ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6^I7 lf» ton for lower grades i
and 17 50($18 60 f". ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 fl ton; jobbing, $21; 1
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 %* ton.
HAY — Nothing new. Wheat, $B@ll 50: Oat. $7
(£9: Wheat and Oat,sß!ftll; Barley, *7(^9; Alfalfa, I
S7@9; Clover, $6(^7 60; Compressed Oat, $6 SOW
; 8; Compressed W heat, $7(0,10 60; Stock, $C(&7 '?
tou.
STRAW-30&50C ■? bale,
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Dull at unchanged once*. Bayos, 90c@
$1 f> ctl; Small Whites, $1 25@1 40; Pea, $1 25©
1 46 V ctl: Large Whites. *I@l 15 t^ ctl: linK,
! 8T.@97%c; Reds, $1 25; ElacKeye. *1 40<a,l 66;
j Red Kidney, «1 50(«l 65; Llmas, $2 60@2 75;
Batters, $1 40,a,l 60 for small and $1 25@1 50 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 50
@2 25 f, ctl: Trieste, f2®2 50 «! ctl: Yel
low Mnstard, #1 40@l 60; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Ca
nary, state «• ft,; Alfalfa. 7%<&9%c P lb; Rape,
2%c ».; Hemp, Hi. 2 i* lb.
DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 & cU for Niles and
, $1 -.■>■ ii 45 for Green.
' POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
j POTATOES— No change In prices. New Pota-
I toes are quotable at 75c@$l "$ ctl; River Bur- j
j banks, 45^.60c 3 eti; Oregon Barbanks, 65@ !
I 80c "§ ctl; Oregon Garnet Chiles. 70(a,85c ~H cti; I
Early Rose, bsta>>sc: Pctalsma and Tomales, 65
, (g,7oc V ctl; Humboldt Burbanks, 60@75c "*»• ctl. -
i ONlONS— Quoted at $1 50@l 75. New Onions
are lower at *.5 .1.-0. ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 497 boxes As
paragus, 339 boxes Rhubarb and 71. > sacks Peas.
Green Corn from Los Angeles brought 50c ~$
dozen. The dinners bought Peas at 60c V sack.
Summer; Squash, $1 25&1 50 i* box: Egg Plant,
l.Sc P ft.: Los Aneeies Toruanoes, $1 26(a.l 50 ft bx;
Mexican Tomatoes. 75c&$l: Cucumbers, sl"c
(a*l V dozen: Asparagus, $1@.2 '? box for ordi
nary and $2 25(&2 60 for extra: Rhubarb, 60c«gii?l ;
Dried Peppers, 7«9c: «Jreen Peppers. 15c %< lb:
Gr«-en Peas, flOc££] 25 9 *k for common and 2%c
'f^lb for Garden: String Beans, 8(0.11c V IJj for Los
■■ Angeles and 12% c for Winters; Horse 1 lea us, 35
i.r :t().- V sack: Dried Okra. 12% c; new Cabbnge.
40c V ctl ; Garlic 4%&5 c p lb.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND KGGS.
BUTTER— RuIes steady, with sales at full figures. j
Crkameby — tancy, 14c; seconds, 13'0.13%c '
IT.. ~ V 2 .
Dairy— Fancy, 13".: good to choice, 12@12iAc: i
lower grades, ll@ll%c.
j CHEESE— VaIues show no variation. Fancy
i mild new is quotable at 7@7%c 1* lt>: common to
good, 6%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@l 1c V Ib: Young i
America, B@9c {* Ib: Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
12fe13%c.
EGGS— demand and supply about balance '
and tlif market Is steady. Oregon Eggs, lie %* ;
! dozen; Eastern Eggs, llfol]%c; store Eggs, l'nn,
12. ■: ranch Eggs, 12e»13y»c: Duck Eggs, 14<g,i5c
,' V dozen. • •:■ •: .
' POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— There was no change of any conse
quence. Dressed Turkeys brought 14" le;. fk |
If.; Live Turkeys, 16@16c ¥ lb for Gob- ,
blers, 14@15c %« lb tor Hem: Geese, fi pair. $lw)
125; Goslings, SI 25@1 76; Ducks, $4(a;5 for old i
and f4<a,tt 60 for young: Hens, $3 50f$4 50;
I Roosters, young, $6 50(a,7 50: do, old, $4(^4 50;
I Fryers, $5 50(ccH; Broilers. f4(a<sfor large and $'.'@
I 3 for small; Pigeons, gj &0 for young and $1 50
for old.
GAME— Hare, 50@75c: Rabbits, $1 26 for Cot
tontails and $l(g.l 'zb i* aoz for small.
I I.ECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were !
j 2075 boxes, selling at 25(gi75c for White and Red
and 75c@$l 73 r box for Black. Fancy stock •
brings good rices, but it is very scarce, the great ,
bulk being split, small and poor. The cauners .
I bought small white at 3@4c t'. lb.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 639
chests, selling at $&@7 1* chest for Longw.orths
and *3 50@0 lor large berries.
Gooseberries. 30@30c > drawer and 2%@3c 1R Ib
1 in sh ks for small and 35' a 10c p drawer and 3inr<u
■4clb In bulk for large. " *
Raspberries, 65cfg.$l 25 1* drawer; Newcastle 1
Ri spberrtoe brought $1 75@2 p crate.
Blackberries from Southern California, f 2 26 9
: crate. '
Currants. 60@90c ■$ box.
CITRUS FRUITS-Oranges, $1 2502 for Seed- '
! lines. $'..' 60(o.l for Navels, $1 75©2 75 for Malta
! Bloods and $1 50(<£2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets; •
; Lemons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 '
! for good to choice; Mexican Llme.i,-ss@s 50; Ha- !
: nanas, f 1(3)2 V bunch; Pineapples, $3(&6 V dozen.
i DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
j Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c Vlb for avar-
I terea. Bo for sliced and 4@4>4c for evanorated : :
Peaches, 2^4@4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots, li' rai
I 8c for prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10@llc %t
: It. lor fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 21/2 C for on- |
pressed; White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c %* ■
'■ .lb for evaporated halves, 3%@6c %* Ib for quarters: i
Prunes, 3@3i.4-: Plums, 3V4iC » lb for pitted and
l%@2cfor unpllted: Nectarines, 3i/j(jisc ~<p lb for, 1
i prime to choice and 5%c tor inner.
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples, •»<.: »' |
Vfl.-. sun-aried, l%(S;2c: PeacheH. 'Men it- mm sia.tlc
fir fancy; peeled •in boxes, lltol'Ji 3 c; Prunes, 4c !
1 for four. sizes, 5@5%c for 40®50's nnd 4»4f.i"3c
I for 6O@6O's; Aprcota 6%!^9c lor prime to choice
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c:
Wii.tf Figs, 3@sc: Pears, 8c ft Ib for, evapor
ated halves nnd 4<S.7 J for" quarters; Plums,
3%@4c for pitted and l^ll Viic for unpitted; Nec
tar, lies. 4@&c %> Ib for prime to choice."
RAISIN'S AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
t follows, carload • lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
! crown, loose, S^c V &>; 3-crown. loose, 2%c: 2
crown. 2c; sceuiess Sultanas, 3'.'2^3"ic: needless
Muscatels, 2%@2S,ic: three-crown Ixindon layers
70c IS 1 box: clusters. «1 36(51 60: Dehesa clusters, •
: $2 lU(£2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried |
i Grapes. - — V Ib.
1 Jobbing Pjiicks— Four-crown loose, '3%c; B
cro-.vn, 2«4«i3c: 2-crown. 2 V4@2%& Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c V lb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters,- $1 50@l 75: :
Dehesa clusters,' $2 60: Imperial dusters, $2 75- i
Dried Grapes, .;. ' .-■ •
NUTS— Walnuts are quota*. .■ at 9@llc f> tb
for No. 1 hard and llrq>l3c V* Ib for paper-shell, job- !
bing lots;- Almonds, 6®7%c f> ft. for Languedoc '
and 8i;«*10c for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 5 A !
@7c for Ecsiem and 4%@5%c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished; Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Knts.' 9®loc ■$
ll>: Coeoanuts, «4 60 5 V 100.
HONE\— Comb is quotable at 10@12c f* Ib for
bright and Hf<i9c y ]b lor lower grades; water
white extracted. &fer>y«<' Ift lb: light amber ex
tracted, 4V 4 @4»ic: dark amber. 4c; dark, 2®30. "
iiJtr.a\VAX— $ tt.. '
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Inactive and unchanged.
Bacon is quotable at 6c Ib for heavy. 7c ii
»or light medium, 9c "ft Ib for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c f. tb for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Ham . liy c; California Ilam^. 10c 1* Ib:
Mess Beef. $7 60f<i.«; extra mess do, $8 50fti9; fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Pork. $8 50@9: extra
clear, *l 4 'p bbl: mess, *12 V- bbl; Smoked Beef,
IOC fA Ih.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at OVio Q Ib
for compound and 63/.c lor pure; palls, 7%c: Call
fornia tierces, 5i/ 4 c lor compound- and bV*c for
nure:_halt-bbls, 6Vi@B%c; 10- tb tins, 7J/4<5; do 6-lb,
7S/4C fi ib. •
CO'ITOLENK— 0340 in tierces and 7%c * tt> In
10-lb tins. ■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Firm, with prospects of a
change in prices shortly. Heavy salted steers,
6%<g»7c f ib; culls and brands, 6%@6c tt.;
medium. 5i/ 2 @6c ■$ tb: culls "and brands, 4%
(a.'.c: light, sc; culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, 5c
'T- Ib; culls and. brand*, 4c: salted Kit). 4c ?! lb:
salted Calf. 6@7c: salted Veal. 6c: dry Hides, 9
folOc; culls and brands. 7%e: dry Kip and Veal,
7<a.Hc; ciiiis. 6@6c; dry Calf, 1 DC; culls. 10c; Goat-
Bk4ns, 20(a!35c each; Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
summer,2&^3oc; medium. ls@26c; winter, 9@10o:
bheepskins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool,
'-'o(<j,3sc each: medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
66c each. Culls of all kinds about V™c less. " '
1 ALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3i4@»%c; .No. 2, 3c:
rehned, 6%@53ic; Grease, 2%c «i tt..
WOOL— a local circular sav.s: "The business of
the past week has been larger locally at prices
within range of quotation?, but nevertheless gen
eral trade In Wool and woolens is dull throughout
the united States. The latest reliable advice from
lieston reports extreme dullness, which has been
so prolonged that even holders of cheap Wool are
getting tired holding and submit to lower figures
in order to do business and so as to make lighter
stocks. Wo quote our local maricet weaker by J@
■C I m than It was for similar Wool in 1895/'
We quote Spring Nevada, oa.9c f, lb: San Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4®6c "j> Ib;
San Joaqnin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4 y«@S%c: northern free, 7
@9c; do, defective, 5@6%c %i lli.
HOPS— We quote nominally 2@4c yi lb.
• GENERAL BIKKCIIANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, spot. $4 10®
4 15; June-July delivery, $4 3(i@4 25; San Qucn
tin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y 2 @26i/ 2 c
COAL— Wellington, $8 ** ton: New Wellington,
$8 13 ton: Soutnfleld Wellington, $7 60 1 ton;
Seattle, S3rais 60; Bryant. $5; Coos Bar, $4 50;
Wallsend. *6 50; Scotch, $7 50: r.rymbo, $7 60:
Cumberland. $13 50 in bulk and $15 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite. Egg, $11; Cannel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
¥7 60; Coke. *10 DO in bulk and *12 50 * ton in
sacks. •«',..
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c: Dry Granulated, 5%c;
Confectioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia A. OV4C: Extra
C. 6%c; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP— In bbis, 16c; Black Strap. 10c
* gal. .:- :.±:^*
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6®sVic: second do, 4V»@
4-'<4C; third do, 3i/^lc %>, tb.
VEAL— Large, s<s6c; small. 63707 tb.
MUTTON— 6@6V c; Ewes. 4%®5c
¥ C>. -.<'•-•< ;■ -.-).,, .-.- ■ i, » j -
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@6%0 %<».••
PORK — Live Hogs, 3@3>-ic "r* Kb for large and
£ s /»<33%c for small and medium: dressod do, 4%
UHlc 8 it.
KECEIPTS ok prouuck.
FOR 24 HnrKl
flonr. nr. sku 12.74 31 Butter, ctls 368
Wheat, ctls 4,285 Cheese, ctls. 2J6
Barley, ctls 6,455 Err*, doz 18,780
Corn.ctls ::9() liltle*. no 287
Oats, Or, ct15...... 730|l'elt», t>dl«.._ 3,604
Rye, ctls. l,8:-:o Wool bis 446
Beans, ska. 30. Leather. rolls.. ..— 66
Potatoes, fits- 2.2loiWine, sals 67.500
Onions, ska 767 Quicksilver, flaslu 112
Brno, nCs. 1,31". Lumber. M feet... 25
M'.i.llinK», sky Lime, bbln 275
Hay, ton*. _ 493 Chicory, bbls 40
Straw, tons 10
. ♦ «
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Andrew B. Mcfreery to Flo.se M. Martin, lot on
1- line of Lyon street, 125 N of McAllister. X 100
by 1. 100; $6500.
llolene Strybing and Adolph Uochstein (nlmin-
Istrators of estate of C. H. .strybine) to Jlarßarei
L. Hawthorne, lot on N line of Sacramento street,
37:6 W of Lyon, \V 25 by N 102:«i 4 : *1815.
Same to same, lot on N line of Sacramento
street, 62:6 W of Lyon, W 25 by .N 102:8%;
91660. ...
Same to same, lot on N line of Sacramento
street, 87:6 W of Lyon. W 25 by N 102 4:
$1347.
Same to C. R. Hawthorne, lot on W line of Lyon
street, 102:81,4 N of Sacramento, N 25 by \V
112:6: 91727.
c. 1). and Llbby A. Sal Held to Alfrrd Olson, lot
on N line of Walter street, 137:6 E of Htanyan, X
27:6 by N «5: $10.
Charlotte Bullock (by T. E. Bullock, Commis
si- -in to Prudence R. and L. Association, lot on E
line ol Dp Long avenue, 150 B Of Waller, S 25 by X
80: #2245.
Prudence B. and L. Association to Frank Van
a-; a. same; $2215.
Frank J. and Frances Horn to Klorlau Knottner,
lot on SK corner of » app and Adair streets, S 25
by 1 75. $10.
Miguel, Vincent and C.vallna Noe and (.a talma
Spllvalo to Patrick J. Man«an, lo: on 8 line of
Liberty street, 165 vv of tanchez, W 60 by 8 114:
$10.
Patrick J. Manuan to Hermann H. Lange and
Henry A. Westpbal, .same; $10.
Walter lion- (administrator of the estate of
Mary J. Stafford) to J. I. IIo<lK«lon, lot on W line
of Mission street, 146 ST of Twenty-third, N 54 by
\V 125: «7250.
•Jacques and Josephine Vedot to Albert Wehrli,
lot on 1; line of Stockton street, 90:2 X of Pacific,
> 18:7 by E 68; *6000.
■ Howard Presbyterian Society to Jeremiah and
John J. Mahony, lot on SK line of Mission street,
160 s\v of Third. BW 77:2%, SE 100. M: 22:23/.,
sk 15. N E 40. RW 15, SK 15, KW 100: $100. '
Prentlta se.by et al. to William W. Flaglor, lot
on NW line of Clementina strev:, 276 KB of
Fourth, M-: 25 by NW HO; $1.
Peter and Mary Gallagher to Arthur J. Ahem,
lot on BK line of Freelon street, 275 XX of Fourth,
Ni; 20 by Sh 80; $10.
Walter J. Burke to Herman Murphy, lot on NW
line of Shipley street, 250 SW of Fifth, SW 25 by
S\V75;«5.
Bailie R. Clark to William Fahey, lot on W line
of Second avenue, 225 N of Clement stre -t, N 25
by W 120; $10. . . ,
Charles it.. William S. and George W. Franklin
a id Addle W. Brouur'dKe to Mary M. Frank In,
lot 64, block 196, bounded by fifteenth. Sixteenth
and Point Lobos avenues and 1 lenient street: $1.
Sol and Dora net/, to Rebecca B. Godfrey, lot on
E line of Twentieth avenue. 300 S of • Point Lobos
avenue, s2sby E 120; $10. ■ . -
i". J. and Margaret A. Martfa to William H.
Irvine, lot on W line Eighteenth avenue, 175 N of
X ureet, N 50 by W 120; $10.
Jacob aud Lina IK-ymati to Oliver A. Marker,
lot on W line of Thirteenth avenue, 60 Sof X
street. s2sby W 120: 10.
Hannah Dotgan to Daniel Flynn, lots 41 and 42,
Mock 5, City Land Association: gift.
F. E. and Ella R. Luty to Elizabeth Bowman, lot
1. block 123. University Homestead Association;
$20.
Catherine Curran to Jerome Mill)', lot on SW
line of Fifteenth avenue south, 60 NW of N street
NW 75 by SW 100, block 306, Case Tract; $10.
August and Allude Waldenmeier to same, same;
$10. ' I.' -;
Elizabeth Bowman to Solomon Belasco, lot 00
SW corner of College ana Mansell streets. W 120
by s 100, block 123, University Homestead; $10.
Edward .1. Vocal to Henry F. Strlecel.loton SW
lino of Twelfth avenue south. 150 of X street
NW 75 by s\V 100, block 247, South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
ALAHKDA COUNTY.
George N. Strong to Franz Kller, lot on S line of
Third street. 100 E of Center. E 25 by S 108. bfine
lot sin subdivision of block 450, Oakland: $10. "
A. and Oolite Mecanaejr to Frank Klier, lot 5
block 451), Oakland; $.0.
W. J ' Din e « nnd W. 0." Ilenshaw to George
J>irks..n, lot on W line of West street, 26 X of
Ihlrty-elghth. S 26, W 116.72, N 30.39. E 116 64
to beginning, being 10-. 1, block F, Major Given
Tract, Oakland lownship: $5.
i 1 "'", 11 Hresette to i. UL . y Jotindrow, lots 12 and
IS, block A, and lots 12 to 15. block J, Broadwny
terrace, Oakland Township; $10.
Mountain View cemetery Association to Ida C.
Bane, i ot 34> plat :u, Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland Township; $16 1. '
Marilia V - Htune to Henry Hulls, lot on E line
of 1 bird street, -100 s 01 Addlson. S 141 by E 123,
being lots 20, 21 and 22, block 108, tract I!, Berke-
BerlceU° - '%°) 0 Town Improvement A s-ociatlon,
Henry E. and Carrie S. Alden to Allen D.' Wil
son, lots -5, 6. 34 to 20, block C. Prospect Hill
1 ract, Brooklyn Township: also, lot on X line of
Champion street, 74.20 s of Chicago avenue, « 40,
[■. 124.67, M 40, W. 124.80 to begmninc, block c,
Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10..
Andrew J. and Mary J. Bwen to Thomas M.
Robinson, lots 10 and 11, block C, revised map,
same; f 10.
,-^ A. ai.d C. I). Christensen et als. to Annie S.
Uiristensen. all Interest. in lot on XE corner of
nigh and Madison- streets, N 124:4 by E 286:1,
lots 1 toO, block 71; if 10. . - • -■: " : ■■ .
i- 11.. M. Ii ' c - - and Julia Downing to Serena
Downing, lot on W line or Hellenor Horton street,
-? of Aor Thirty-second. s 26 by W 100, black
Inlands of Peralta Homestead Association; $10.
K. H. and I). 0. Kvvayne to W. W. Potter, lots 23
ami 24, block G> Bella Vista Park, East Oakland;
William G. Williams to the McCarthy Company
(a corporation), lots 11, 12, 38 to 41. 48 and 49,
block >. amended map, Chrlstla la Tract, quit
claim deed. Oakland Towns ip; *10. •
Mary Taylor to I. H. Taylor, lot on N line of Sec
ond street 100 xv of '. v * 50 by N 100, being lot
10. block 10, Live.rinore. Murray Township; glfu
There are five families of whales. First
the Baloenidse,'or toothless whales, divisi
ble into smooth whales and furrowed
whales; then the Catodontidce, the toothed
whales, such as the sperm or J. cachalot;
then the Delphinidaj.; or dolphin*; then
the Rhynchoceti; or Ziphicid whales; and
then the Zenglodonts. ;
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks Lower Under Decreased
Ifmliiin.
The mining, stock market was off yesterday.
The opening was steady at about the previous
day's values, but a decline set In 011 the noon in
formal session and continued on afternoon call,
as will" be seen by the list of sales.. Business was
heavy on the noon informal session, but ahowed a
marked falling off on the regular calls. Con. Cal.
* Vs.' sold down to $3, Cbollar to $2 50, Yellow
Jacket to 65c, Belcher to 85c. Best & Belcher to
*1 60, Io:osi to $1 30, Ophir to $2 20, Sierra
Nevsida to $1 30 and so on.
I The close was dull and weak.
On the Bond Exchange Hutchinson Plantation
advanced from 82634 to $28% and Hawaiian
Commercial from $1914 to $21.
'}' he PaclHc Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
paid Its eleventh quarterly dividend of 5 cents per
share on the sth. . '- , -j,
i It Is reported that Harry Gorham, superintend- I
ent of the ..hollar and Potosl mines, will soon take j
command of the operations in the companies' j
holdings upon the Brunswick lode.
In the Bodie Consolidated mine prospecting I
work continues on the .'OO and 300 levels. Small j
ledges of quarts arc being cm, but the rock is of I
too low grade to pay for extracting.
In the Mono mine the east crosscut on the 400
level .was extended 10 feet during the past week.
The face is In son porphyry.
A small amount of good ore is being taken from
the Buiwer Consolidated mine.
The late A K. P. Harmon was a director in the
Bank of California and in the .Security Savings |
Bank. The vacancies caused by his death were
filled on the 12th, William Babcock being chosen
as 0 director of the Bank of California and E. J.
McCntcheon as a director In the Security Savings
The weekly letter from the Savage reports that
on the 850 level they have stoped up to list, third
floor In the ore encountered In the east crosscut;
also, that this ore is of good quality anil is 9 fee}
wide. In east crosscut 4 that they have stoped up
to th«? third floor, and that the ore Is increasing in
width and Is of good quality. Superintendent
Keating also sta es that sixty carloads of ore,
ussn;. by car sample $66 37 per ton, were ex
tracted durinir the past week.
in the Crown Point mine the raise from the
south drift on the 700 level is np iifty-flve feet.
The top is in quarlz (width not 'stated), assaying
8 to 912 per ton, nearly all gold.
The Segregated Belcher mine yielded thirteen
carloads of ore, assaying $18 10 per ton, during
the I', st week.
■ The joint west crosscut which the Con. Imperial,
Confidence and Challenge Consolidated companies
are running from the surface tunnel Is being re
paired. •
The yield of the Belcher mine during the past
week amounted to thirty-one carloads of ore. assay-
Ing $22 58 per ton.
liOAKD >AiKS.
Followlaz were tho sate, la tne Una Fran^soa
Bloc* Board yesterday:
KKurr.AK MOUNT BRSSIOX rON MKVCfVO 9:30.
200 Alpha. -..31300 CC&V...3.30 450 0nh1r.. .2.50
TOO 30 100 3.35 800 Overmn-.3'J
800 Alia 201200 C 1mp.. .041700 29
HOO Andes 54 20i) Confl . .IX) 300 P0t051...1.65
260 55 1300 Cnvn PU96J450 1.60
750 Belcner. 1.05200 Kxchqr....l7 1550 Savage 1.20
360 1.1075 Cii & C..1.75H00 1.16
600.B& 8..1.90 50 1.801400 beg 8e1....30
t>6o 1.85720 H& N_..2.05i200 . . 29
LOU Jtodie 90650 2. 'JO 500 28
100 100 Julia 20 100 s Rev. .1.60
600 Bullion.. .S7|looo Kentck..lU Sil Hill. 07
100 .'..... 38 ! i 00 Mexcanl 251600 St Louis. 60
1100 450 1.20 209 Union.. 1.30
200 .'. 39,200 Mono 20' 50 1.3. »
100 Buiwer.. .44 000 N G.6C..27 300 Utah.... 27
200 Culwla 20 200 0ccid....2.35 200 V Jackt..Bs
400 ChH11ng...75 2.31»|-!00 .. .. 88
700 CbOllr. 2.^o 50 2.20L00 86
150 XH.-.
AI'TIIXOOX SJWSION — 2: 30.
600 Alpha 28 550 CC6.V...3.00J100 Occd 2.05
200 Alta. 19,400 3.05U00 0ph1r....2.30
650 Ande5. ...45 250 Conn... .1.45 2.35
:<''O 5n 50 1.60 5000vrmn....24
60<J Belcher... B6 1 60 1.25 1000 P0t051.1.40
100 851500 Con 1m..04 160 1.35
-50 B &8..1.65 100 C .81 1250 .Savage 1.00
100 l.bi 700 «0 300 1.05
■-•00 Bodle 95 160 82200 Scorpion.. o9
200 .. 1.00100 fcxenqr... 15800 8e1... 22
1550 8u11i0n. .35 600 G & C... 1.60 300 21
1200 ...SO 200 1..>5 100 23
100 8uiwer.... 421000 H<tA..l.aC76o M N«V..1.88
300 Ca1eda.. ..19200 Julia. 20j4(M Union.. LOS
!«00 IT 200 Justice ....14 100 1.10
250 Cha11ge... 60.100 K»-ntuck..lO riO > Utah S3
1000C*hoUar2.AUil(K) Mexicn.l.o;. 150, V Jackt..7s
100 2.&5 850 1.0U300 ....73
50 2.60-00 Mono 2(J 60 74
200 2.60 600 0ccd11...2.00i350 72
following were am uu» .a m* pacltlo 4toac
fcpard yt-sterUa; :
BXQPLAR fESSIOX— IO:3O.
100 Alpha 32 150 CCA V.: 3.301200 0ph1r....2.50
300 31 8-jO 3.40800 3.45
400 27 800 3.154&0 2.40
200 2.4 400 Conn... 1.70 700 2.20
400 Alta 20100 Con 0.200 2.25
200 Andes 64 500 CN V 06 ; iOO 0vrmn....30
200 50 SCO Crwn Pt...67 .'OO 25
200 61 150 300 23
100 48 100 ..99 100 P01031..1.75
200 Belcher. 1.0."»H>0 ....„ 1.00250 ....... 1.72 %
50 1.00 160 95 ! 200 1.6 a
20«» 96| 50 A C..1.80100 1.60
200 300 1.9U160 1.45
100 „ 931300 1.95150 1.40
100 85 450 1.75 100 1.18
200 87 500 1.70600 Savage..l.2o
600 8*8.... 2.05 500 1.6.'> -00 1.22V
-100 2.15600 1.60 ! 500 1.25 I
200 2.10 400 HAN .. .2.00400 — 1.10
100 1.96)1050 ...2.20350 1.15
200 1.90 100 2.15 400 1.00
250 1.85 200 .......2.17%300 1.05
100 Bodle 81 .'OO 2.05 100 58AM....32
400 90 10C 2.02%! 1000 33
300 8u11i0n.. .35 150 '..l.Oii 100 HtV .1.60
300 ...36 100 Julia. 32200 1.45
000 371300 20400 1.30
100 38 400 Justice. ...lS 100 Sll Hi 11 ....08
200 -..32100 Kentuck..( 9 500 06
200 8u1wer....4>- Mexcanl.ls 400 Union C 1.30
200 47 250 1.00 200 1.25
1400 Ca!eda...;b 50 1.20200 1.15
200 ChaUn ...7s 600 1 250 .. 1.10
600 Chollar. 3.oo 200 1.07 150 Utah 26
200 2.91! 200 1.12% 200 .. 24
100 2.75 100 0cc1d....2.'J0 650 YJacKet..B6
200 2.70 400 2.30 150 .35
100 2.61 700 2.25 100 ... . „ 82
600 2.50200 2.35400 72
100 2.55 450 1 17 100 73
200 CC&V...3.45 60 0ph1r... 2.55 1100 70
250 3.50:200 2.60200 71
A*Tl RNOON WKBSION"— 2:.iD.
400 Alpha 2*3. r CC&V...3.00 200 0ccd .2.02%
200 Alta. 20200 3.05 300 0ph1r2.27%
200 Amies... .50200 Conn".... 1.45 200 ..... 2.2t>
300 Blcur 90il00 ..1.40 200 Uvrmn.... 25
200 KS'ISO 1.42y,!100 26
7«0 HA 8...1.60 JOO C 1mp....04 Potosi.. 1.60
100 1.60.500 C P0int... 83 400 ... . .1.45
300 Bodle 98100 82 150 ... .1.40
200 Kullion... 30 200 G C...1.65 1300 Savage I.oa
200 36 160 1.60 200 1 U.U.
100 ....33 200 1.57 V, 100 «corpton..OS
100 Buiwer.... 4K 100 11 iS ... I>3 100 58& M....22
200 45 150 .1.761150 23
200 42 100 ..... 1.721,2 500 a >cv..1.30
200 Caled*. In 450 Julia 300 S Hill.. .04
50 18,200 Kentuck.,lo2oo Uni0n.. .1.10
500 ChllnE«6 < J%IOU Mxcau. l.lo,2oo Utah.. ....21
:00 Ch0nar..2.50 200 1.05 300 V J«c»«. .75
250 2.5. 1,-2 300 1.02% 00 74
200 2.6)700 1.00200 .. 70
100 .........2.65*200 Mono 20200... ..71
100 CC<*V...3.25 600 0ccdt1...2.00
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 14-4 p. v.
Efi.JfliHt.\ Bld.Atk'A.
alpha C0n..... 27 29 Jtck50n........ 40 -
Alia ;.... 18 20 Julia 19 20
Andes „'; 49 60 Justice.. 16 17
Belcher. 85 86 KentucK. ..... 10 11
lirst A Balohar. 1. .'..") 1.60 Lady Wasn 04 05
£odie 95 1.00 Mexican „ 1.00 1.05
BentonCon 25 — Mono „ 19 —
Bullion _ 35 37 Nevada — 05
Bnlwer _ 14 46 Occidental 2.05 2.10
Caledonia ..... 17 19Ophir 2.20 2.25
Chollar. 2.56 2.60 overman ..... 23 25
Con. Cal. A Va. 3.00 3. 10ir0t051.... ...... 1.36 1.40
Challenge Con. 59 61 *av»ge.. ....... 1.00 1.05
Coo. lmDenai. 04 05 Seg. Belcher... 21 22
Confidence..... 1.40 scorpion ... — 09
ton. -New ore 05 — i Silver Hill 06 08
Crown Point... BO B. sierra Nevada. 1.25 1.30
EaatHierra — Union con 1.05 1.10
Exchequer.. ... 14 16 Utah 21 23
UoulU Curry. 1.55 1.60 Yellow JaoKM. 70 73
Hai«dcJNorcr4.l.Bo 1.86 ■
GOLD MINING .EXCHANGE. •
600 Amalle 2 06500 Lockwood Con.. 36
600....... 2 101000 37
Champion ..A. . 800 .:. 38
Bid .. ............ .'.:.18 00 — Providence
100 Grant 16 Bid. 60 00
100 :;... 17IAsked... .80 00
100 18 200 Savannah....... 41
200..... 191200 J. 42
100 20500....... 43
Kennedy..:.... 300 „- 44
8id......... 9 00 UOi) Sebastopol...... 60
Asked..;;. .....11 00300 .....'.. «i
- -Keystone... 400 62
Bid 65 001 .. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. May 14 - p. m.
r>-n - • 'i'*t.« »•>■>■
r > £irt. Atked. ■ »;.: Bid. As/te4.
0 B«8Conp..l08% — 0 H4s rat... 10(-Vsl0»
Do. new is. /4 - '.
. ' m»(.'..iM.\N icom hon'bi. '
Cal-«tCbless. — 113 . !I>o. 2<l In As. — -•
CalElecLßs. - 122% |P A O Ry 105 130 '
CntraCW6s. 96% 98 PACh Itv ft*. - 107
Dpnt-st 77 95 Pwl-st.KKas. - . 116%
EdsnL<&P6s. — 122% Reno. WLJkL — 105
11110s. 104%107%lRlverW CoOi ' — 100 ■
Uearv-atKss. 101 — |!r«ctoP*L.. - 102%
LosAn«L,6s. - ' 103 (sFdtNPBR6«IO2 -
Do,Qnted.6s. - 103 bPRRAxI»6s 96% — . .
Ukt-stCble6sia3 - Kl'KUCal6s., 108V»lll
I)oKvConss.. 105 106 SP»lKCalas_ ; - ■ —
NevCNgß7s. 96 105 ei'BrßCalfa. 98r,' 8 — .
N P CUR - 108 bVWaterts.. 118v 8 119V 8
: KRyCaiaa. 102 105 6VWat«r4s~. — 99%
NRyCalss. — 100 . StklnUAEdi — 101
Oak Uas 55.. 100 104 % SunstT&Tß* 100 T — T
Da 2d las ss. 10 J% - . hulter-atKis. 107% —
Omnibus 65.. 119 V* - VlsalUWC** ,— . »J :
»ui-Kii|l.Mt)i. — -
'■ AT r. ktocic*.'
Contra Costa 39% 40%|Pan Jo**..:.. 7.1 100
MarlnCo.... 60 '■- iHprtnjValtey 99% »9s/ 8
v ' .-' : '. * ../.•■ t>TtlCKs." : .
Capital. — 36 :PacinoL.lgb:. 46% 4>-
Central...... 95 — ban rrancsco ■■ 93 93%
OakULi&O. 61 53 btockton. . ... — *lv»l v »
i : 4 -- -'-!•■ •-. m »i:a*.s v ■'. naoiu
riremaiuFd.l7o% — -15un."...".;...^. 4J —
COKMKRCIAI. BANK BTOCIC*.
Amerß&TO. — - |LondonP&A.l2BV4l'' ! 9
Anglo-Cal... 51 59 Loudon<fcSff. — 27%
Baukof CaL.239 24 < 2Vfe'Merch Ex_.. Vi -— .
CalßD<fcTCa. 5<«4 _ : Nevada . — —
>'irs:NatlouLl7B 182J/2ifc<ather nco- — —
Grangers.... — — 1
■ AVIJTOS BANE STrVJKI.
Berf*LCo..l4ls ' — 'Pav&Loaa.. — 100
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Security....- — 260
Mutual 37% — I I Union Trust. 725 bOO
bFbavUnloa — 485 |
. STREKT ILROAD RTOCKI
California,... — 110 Oalc.SLAHay — 100
Ueary-st 55 75 1-restdio...... 734 10
Market-st..- 45y 2 43 Sutter-st -' — '.
. ■"« < -f r STOCK*.
Atlantic D... 16% 17«4Jndson „ — —
Eastern D... — ' 90 iCilam. 2334 24%
California.... 80 115 IVigont. 75c 95c
ii 1 ■"■Mr !<>■ . — . ■- ■.
Alaska Piers. 86 . — OceanlcSSOO — 27Vs
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 _
CalCotMUls.. — — Fac Borax 9i 100
CalDrvDoclC — — Pacl<&NCo. — 80
KdlsonLlchG. 117^11 8% Pac Roll .Mill — ■ —
Ga«ConAsso. — — |ParfPalntCa 6% TV,
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTransOa. — 84
HawC&SCo- 21 21WP««T4TO9 55 70
HntchßPCo.. 28% -83 8 BunsetTiT.. 41 — .
JndaonMtgC. — ■ — jUulithiCO*. — 2&
aterKxAssalOO 110 i
SACKS— MOIINI.VU SKSSrOV.
Board—
150 Hawaiian Commercial... 20 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co. 27 25
160 do do 27 50
M do do 27 62%
10 Pacific Gas Imp 86 00
»1000 - Pof A Bonds 87 00
600 Vigorit Powder 80 . -
Street—
200 Uutchlnson SPCo... «7 00
?5000 S P of A Bonds 97 00
BAI.KS— AFTERNOON RXaSTO.V. ' ' ,*
' Board—
65 Contra Costa Water 40 00
50 Giant Powder Con 24 37%
120 do do . ; 24 00
5 ■ do do 24 25
15 Hawaiian Commercial 20 26
lib do . do 21 00
25 do do 20 87%
45 Hutchinson Co. 2S 25
56 do do 28 50
1 25 SF Gaslight.. »3 12%
600 Vigorlt Powder. 80
Street— ' '
60 Cal Safe Deposit. 63 50
SSV Water 99 37%
•—• — • — •
As to Women Barbers.
"I don't see why women shouldn't make
good barbers," said she.
"My dear," he replied, "you have been
misled by the humorists. A barber must
be able to do more than talk. Then there
are other drawbacks — "
"Were you ever shaved by a woman?"
she interrupted.
"Partially," he answered.
"Partially! What do you mean by
that," she demanded.
"Well, she had about half completed the
job when a woman in a new gown stopped
in front of the shop and I had to do the
rest myself." — Chicago Post.
« o »
Slavery was abolished in Brazil in 1889
when there was freed 800,000 males and
700,000 females, the owners being compen
sated at the rate of £80 to £100 for each
slave.
» — ■»
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May. 1896.
So. Mo-JTu. W^ Tlu J*. ft' Moon ' Phases.)
1 2 ~~
fs*\laal Quarter.
1 May 4.
3 4 6*789 1
#& Xew Moon.
10 11 12 13 14 118 16 ]*§/ May 12.
17 18 Il9i 20 21 22 23 ! First Quarter
j ; Vi/ May 19.
24 26 26 27 28 29 ! 30 !
31 . 1 'Aft Pull Moon.
31 ! I ! I I & May 26.|j
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Datea of Departure From Sun Francisco.
CII&AH&A |»V.Ml^Aini."-.| BAJIA |fllbK.
«'. Ptau.... ; Ntwoon Mayl6. 9am : Pier 11
Empire Oregon ports.. May 16, Pier 13
P0m0na..... | iluinbouiiUav MaylT. 2rM Pier 9
Corona san Diego Mayl7. Ham Pier 11
Colombia... Panama MaylH.l2 m 1* MSS
Columbia... PortlanH MayIB,IUAM Pier 24
Arcata Oregon ports. . May 10. 9am Pier 24
Cityl'uebla.. Vie <fc Pgi s>nn MaylO. 9am i Pier 9
Eureka .... iNewoort May 19, 9am Pierll
*r»eo ; loo« Bar MjiV-.ni.loam Pier 11
Weeott Ket Kiver May2o. »am PlPr 13
China. China <ft Japn. MayJO. 3pm PMS S
ABlancliar: Oregon ports.. Mav2l.lUam cut 13
B«ntaKoa».. ban l>lnco May2l.llAM Pier li
Del Son* .. Orairß ilaroor. May 22. 1
etato o/ u> Portland UUurSS>lttAll Pier'i4
• I
ASTEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
(I
3TKAIIBH | I' Il'IM | DDE
Empire .Portland j.. May 15
kVashtenaw Tacoma I May 16
Corona mh iiir;i/i. I May 16
Cityof I'aeDla.. Victoria Jt I'uget Sound ..May 15
Columbia Portland May 15
L'lty of Sydney Panama _ May 15
Australia. ' Honolulu . May 16
Pomona, Humboidi Bar May 16
A real a Portland May 16
Mackinaw Thcoma May 17
1 nickee TillamooK.: May 17
VVepotL i Eel Kiver May 17
lontt .... Newport , ... May 17
Araeo Coos 1iar...... ..May 18
SMI Mateo Comox May is
PaniaKota.. Ml uieio. May 19
Beißlc ( hum and Japan May 19
North Koric Hum bold t Bay May 19
Alice Blancnani Portland May 19
I'leon.' ( 'reset' nt City May 19
Walla Wa11a.... . Victoria di I'nitet .-011:11 ..May 20
BtataotCal < Portland , May 20
Del None Grays Haroor May ?0
L'reacent City. .. Crescent Oily. May 21
Farallon ! YaaulDa Bay „ ..May 21
Paul ' Newport. • ..May 21
Mm Bias ' Panama May 22
SUN, MOON ABD TIDE.
C. (S. Coast axd gkoi>ktio Sfhtst Tina")
Brt.iFTis PrßusHKn nr Official >
AUTHORITY OF THI SUPKRINTICXDISNT. )
Friday May 15.
Sunrises 4.58|M00n rises. .".^.V"
Sunsets 7.15jM00n sets 10.25pm
By —
>il^l Feet jli^l, Feet 1 1^1 F«et|ll^ Few
X;L, \V | |II W | IL W . |H W
5 7.281-0.8 3.16! 3.31 6.48 2.7 j I
H W I Feet L W|Feet H W FeetlL WJFeet
6! 0.85 6.7 8.1 lj —I.o| 4.06 3.7! 7.46; 3.1
7 I.la 5.2 9.00—0.8 4.64 4.1! 9.00 3.1
81 2.19 4.6 9..VJ —0.5 5.3*! 4.3 10.114 2.8
91 5.44| 4.4 10.47 -0.1 6.17 4.7 i 11.44 2.4
!0 6.i!2 4.111.51 03| tf-56 4.9!
I L W Feet I H W I Feet : L, W Feet iH W Feet.
11l 0.571 1.7 1 6.661 4 0 12.46 08 ! 7.34! 6.0
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In tbe left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column Rives the second tide of the day, tho third
time column the third tide, and the last or rishr.
hand column civen the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights Riven are additions to -the
sound' ags on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number gtven is subtractive
from the depth given hy the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bba.vch HydrooraphicOpfich, U. 3. N. •»
San FRAXCisca May 14. 189 ft. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Hill wm dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. • .. at noon of th- 1 120 th
meridian, or exactly 'at ii r. v.. Greenwich time.
A. F. FKCHTBLKa,
Lleiitennni V. S, N.. in <:har?9.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. May 14.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 14 hours from Moss Land
inland way ports: produce, lo Goodall, Perkins A
Co.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen, '.!7 hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
Barx Oregon, Parker. 8 days from .Nanalmo:
2*278 tons coal, to John Kosenfeld's Sons.
Bark S C Allen. Thompson, 15 days from Hono
lulu; pass and sugar, to Welch A Co.
BktnSG Wilder, McNeil!, 19 days from Hono
lulu; pass and mdse, to Williams, Dlmoud A Co.
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard, 19 days from Hono
lulu, 10,693 bags sugar, to .1 D Spreckels A Bros
Co; SOU bass sugar, to M S Grinbatim & Co;
UOH bates stisMr, to Williams, Dimond A Co.
Schr Lily. Bottger. 96liours from Umpqua Kiver;
lum Der, to Gardiner Mill Co.
Schr Arthur I, Kroff, 30 hours from Iver<=ens
Landing; wood, ana bark, to N Jversen.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 9 hours from
Flsks Mill; 90 cords wood and bark, to Higglns*
Collins.
Cleare.l.
THURSDAY, May 14.
Stmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro; Goodall. Per
kins A Co.
Br stmr Proßresslat, Plnkham, Nanaimo: R
Dunsmuir A Sons.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. May 14.
Btmr Coos Bay, Jansen. Guaymaa.
Stmr Umatilla, Hunter. Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
si mr Noyo. Levinson. Fort Brace.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mentioclno.
Stmr Farailon. Kobertn, Y»<iuina Bay.
Scbr Five Brotliers. Rasmnssen. Pnelps Landing.
Schr Mary Et:a, Weizel. Itililers l'oinu
Schr Mayflower, Olseu, SlusUw River.
Cliartero.
The Haw ship Roderick Dhn loads mdse for
Hilo; brig Galilee, mdse for Tahiti and Marquesas.
I • If i !i:ill l< ■
PUNT LOBOS. May 14-10 r>. M. — Waathar
hazy , wind N\V; v«luc>Ly :ia.wt
..... ■ ■ - - • ■.:.■-'
: Spoken. - .'
May 6— West of Western Islands, | ship Susque
hnnna, hence Jan IV! for Avonmouth, • ■ «i« rf -
No date— Lai 1 s, long 30 W. (Jer bark J C Glade
hence Jan 5, for Queenstown.
Domestic Ports. '
REDONDO-Salled May 3 3-Stmr Newsboy.
TATOOSH— Passed May 13— Ship CFoargent,
fro.i Honolulu, for Port Townsend.,
SAN Arrived May 13— Stmr Alcazar,
from Greenwood. ■ • . . ,
TA CO-MA— Arrived May 14- a chr Fanny Adele,
hence May 2; ship hashing Wave, hence May •_.
CASPAR— Arrived May 14— Stmr Caspar, h nee
May 12. " ' - -
WEST PORT— Arrived May 14— Stmr Protection
from Needle Rock, »
FORT Arrived May 14— Schr Etta B,
hence 1 1.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 14— Stmr Newsboy,
from Hedondo.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 14— Stmr Willamette,
from Seattle; tier ship Cfesarea, from Hamburg.
Sailed May 13— 'Si nir Empire, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— In port May 14— Br ship
Senator, from Port Blakeley, for Valparaiso.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed May 14-Stmr Navarro,
for Sun i rnnclsco.
HUENEME— Passed May 14— Stmr City, of
Sydney, from Panama, for San Francisco.
"EUREKA— Arrived May 14— amir Pomona, hno
May 18; stmr North Fork, hence May 12.
. SEATTLE— SaiIed May 14— Ship Spartan, for
San Francisco.
Arrived May 14— Schr Wm P.enton, from New
port. •
BO WENS LANDING-Sailed May 14— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
Kastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Cleared May 13— Ship Shenan
doaii, for San Francisco.
Foreifin Port".
SHANGHAI— Arrived May 12— Ship Eclipse,
from Moo', vile.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 13— Br ship Or
pheus, hence Dec 27.
aloveineiit* of Train- Vtlant'.n -<r"»»T»r«.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 14— Stmr Califor
nia, from Hamburg.
Sailed .May 14— stmr Edam, for Amsterdam:
stmr Normannia, for Hamburg.
BREMEN— Arrived out May 14— Stmr Spree;
stmr Ancuen.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived out May 14-Stmr Co
lumbia.
GENOA— Arrived out May 14— Stmr Ems.
Bailed May 14— Stmr Fulda, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out May 13— Stmr
H.I ■ >iam.
Sailed May 14— Strar Veendam, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed May 11— Stmr Mar:. alia, for
N.-v York.
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed May 12-Stmx Hekla,
for New York.
Importations.
MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l bx butter, Ics
MB.
Monterey— 9 pkgs mrt.so, 5 cs cheese, 4 bxs but
ter. 2 cs hums. 2 bxs plants.
Santa Cruz— 4o en Cne ise, 500 bbls lime.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— S kegs
74 bxs butter. 11 dressed calves, — M ft lumber, 1
cs seeds.
tonniimces.
Her Glp3y— Herman Joost : Norton, Teller & Co:
C Carpv & Co: Standard Oil Co: Jonas Enanger *
(Y.; WF Mitchell; Brigham, Hoppe * Co; Hills
Bros: Western Meat Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co;
M T Freltas & Co; Dodge, Sweeney «fc Co: • 11 Cow
ell: Dairymen's Union; Arctic Oil Works.
Per Crescent City— Hllmer, Bredhort* .ft Schulz;
J Hoffman; C E Whitney A Co; Hobbs, Wall <* Co:
Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Cox Seed and Plant Co; X
Url&Co.
, OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
-i_,-,_r-,_r-^_j-«_r- t _j-i_j-i_i-i_i-i_r-i_-_|-»_|— .r ■ — ■ ■ — 1 _ iji'^ . _ \_ri-i~Kf
ASTORIA iITORTLANII
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
fctate of California Balls. '...May 23 and June 3
Columbia sails May 18 and 28
i roru Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. X.
bOODALL, PERKINS A CO., oenl. Snpt*
•".,-; I*. F. CONNOR, Genera! Agent,
: . 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAXI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C. and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &0.00
Second Claaa .. 65 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — lew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PEKKINS*A CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPATT
STKAMER3 WILL SAIL PROM JUS.
C* liroadwny wharf, Han Francisco, as 45?t£?f
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorln«. WrangreU Juneau. Kil-
llsnoo ana Bltka (Alaska), at V a. m., May 14,
28, .lun- 3, 13, 18, Kg,
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Wbatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 A. M.
May 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. jfl. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting as Vancouver • wltn
the C. P. K. R., at Tauoma with N. P. R. R-
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Fort Townsead win
Alaska steamers.
For Kureica. Arrata and Fields Landing (Hiiro*
boltli Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., May 1. 5. 9,
13. IT. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuooa,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Ilueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) sna Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
3, 7. 11. la, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. ■ r^ -•
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Lois Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M.. Mar 1. 5. 9, 13. 17, 21, 25. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For bnsenada. Pan Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan* L«
Faz. Altata and Ouaymai (Mexico), sir. Orizaba,
10 a. M.. May 5 : str. Coos Bay, 10 a. m., May 18.
Ticket, office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Km
UOUDALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
, 10 Market st. San Francisco*
(MPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLAJTIQUE
French Line to Havre. ■
riOMPANY'SPIER (NE\V},42 NORTH A*fk
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■atSSK
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ami
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-claas, $116. .
LA BBKI \iiM-;. < ;.pt. Rupe May 16.4 a.m.
1 A TOURAINK. Capt. SantellL. . .May 23, 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE May 23, 8 A. m.
LA GASCOGNE Ju.e 20, 7 A. m.
LA *NUK: i.uVillr. July 4. 6 a. m.
LA GAhOOGNK July 25. 11 a. m.
LA NOKMAXDIR August 1, 5 a. M.
LA ROIIRGOONE, Capt. Leb .euf June 6, 1 a. m.
■ JUST For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3 Bo a jug Green, New Yorfc
J. P. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
WHITE STAR ML
United States and Royal Hall Steamers
BKTWEIS' :
I New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING EVKRY WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UP WARD, ACCORD- /ma
ins to steamer and ftocoiumcdntions sfoNHB
selected; second cabin, $35 and «40: Ma]e*tic :.n,l
; Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from -.England, Ire-
' land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway «nd Denmark:
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at th*
General Office of the Company, 318 Market street
, under Grand Hotel. U. W. FLETCHER.
. - . „. General Agent for Pacific CoaaU
OCEANIC S.S. UO. .f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, Aafc HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, f 1 " a ..,.
AUSTRALIA. AUSTRALIA.
S. S/AUSTRALIA forHONOLULTJ only, Satur
day, May 23. at 10 a. m. »P e ? lal fl e , s ; T
S S. "M«'NOWAI sails via HONOLULU anc
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday. May 2&
•'llinet^COOLGAßDlEAustanJ CAPETOWN
B. Afr. J. D SPRECKKL* *fK&m^lt.
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
I ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALI, &fß9±
fortnightly for the West Indies and <SalkJi
Boatbampton. calling en route at Cerbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. !
Through bills of lading, In connection with th*
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and trea*
m* to direct ports In England and Germany. -
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195 : thin
1H — 991 W. Fw further particulars apply to
P.4.RKOTT A CO., Agents. •
:__ 306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At aF.; M, L»»iiv. ' ' • ■
Steamer from Ka«h Knd Suiulavs
«- Accommodations Reserved by Telephonk
STKAMKKS:
T. C. Walker, j, x> Peter ,
Mary i-Hrnttt. C'hy of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. t a,. y av . nr . d lral n. Co
FALLEJO. MARE isL^iD. 'BENCH, PORT
COSTA ■■.MD.CUUCKETT.-
STK. SIOJITICKLtO
ai»r4*VT Saturday and Sunday- 10:30 a. *
and 4 p. *. :. baturdny, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 p. Hi
•*». M.only. bunaa >-^ !'•*•
; landing, Misaiou 1, Pior 4.JUDGE FRICK'S
TWO CAMPAIGNS:
His Marriage Will Take
Place Next Thursday
Morning.
A CALAVERAS BRIDE.
After the Wedding Tour Poli
tics Will Occupy the Judge's
Attention.
IS OPPOSED TO REFUNDING.
Willing 1o Do Anything to Restore
Harmony in the Republican
Party.
Oakland Office Saw Francipco Call,)
90S Broadway, May 14. \
Judge A. L. Frick is looked upon as one
of the most doughty young men in Ala
meda County. He undertook to win a
wife and a seat in Congress in the same
year. He has succeeded in his first cam
paign and his managers express great con
fidence in his prospects of going to Wash
ington.
The announcement of Judge Frick's ap
proaching marriage was somewhat of a
surprise to his many friends, who thought
that the Jaw and politics engaged all his
time. Next Thursday the Judge is to wed
Miss Tillie M. Bader, a charming young
lady who has resided in Oakland about a
year. Miss Bader is an active member of
the Native Daughters and is a trustee of
Piedmont Parlor. She is very popular
both in and out of the organization and
has hosts of friends in this city and in
Calaveras County, whence the family
moved to Oakland about a year ago.
A very quiet ceremony will unite her to
the Judge. It will be* conducted at the
residence of the bride's mother, 614 Thir
teenth street, and only immediate frienas
will be present. After the marriage Judge
and Mrs. Frick will go on a wedding tour
and will visit San Andreas, Calaveras
County, the former bom of the bride.
On their return they will temporarily
take up their residence at (Jl4 Thirteenth
street.
Immediately the wedding tour is over
Judge Frict will give all his attention to
his right for Congress.
"I sincerely hope that there will be but
one primary for the election of delegates
to the convention that will nominate a
Congressman from this district," said the
Judge to-day.
"There should be but one decent, honest
primary, no matter who calls it, and I
wish to see the feeling created by the re
cent proceedings at Sacramento die out
and see harmony in the Republican party.
'•I am heartily opposed to anything in
the nature of a refunding bill. *1 believe
that the railroad should te treated by the
Government just as any other creditor I
should be treated. It should be compelled
to pay its debts, and therefore I am unal
terably opposed to refunding. I believe
the Government should foreclose on the
delinquent roads without delay.
"A great deal has been said about my
making a combination with a candidate
for Superior Judge by which my frieuds I
were to deliver their votes to him, and his
friends would support me for Congress, j
Such a story is absolutely without foun- '
dation. It is true that in order to prevent !
any complication that might arise I have
announced that I am not anxious to suc
ceed myself on the bench, but I am anx
ious to go to Congress. However, I want
to see an open primary, and I shall do ray
best to win and I belieVe I shall succeed.
I think a clean, dignified primary, where
all can have an equal c:;ance, grill do more
than anything else to heal the differences
that grew out of the unseating and seating
of delegates at Sacramento." .
Proh;hitlon Lecture.
OAKLAND. Cau, May 14.- John G.
\\ oo'ley, the v.'i. -known Ohio prohibi
tionist, will lecture at Hamilton Hall to
morrow evening. Rev. Dr. R. 1". Coyle
•will preside.
Mr.Wooliey has recently been offered $35,-
lION. JOHN G. WOOLLY.
000 per year salary to re-enter legal prac
tice, bat having had during his earlier and
political life the same sad experience
irbic . Joh:i B. (.-rough encountered he has
declined auch princely offers and prefers,
like Wendell Phillips, to be an agitator.
He has three sons, who are now students
in the University of Chicago.
I'roof She I* Single.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 14.— Mis? Lucie
Schroeder applied to the County Clerk
this afternoon tor a certificate that she is
a single woman, fche desires to go to Ger
many to marry, and she informed the
Clerk that she must produce proof that j
she is not married or else tne German law I
will forbid her to marry in that country, j
No certificate appearing in her name she
was i'iven the document that she desired.
Tenting I'euders.
OAKLAND, Cm.., May 14.— A new car !
fender was tested on the Grove-street line ;
this morning. A dummy weighing 100
pounds was dressed up to represent a man
and placed on the track for the first test.
The heavy car whizzed by at a good rate,
-struck the dummy and had it in the scoop
before the onlookers had time to tee what
had Lap-relied.. T.>e figure was placed in
many different positions, but always when
the car struck it the same result followed.
It was stated that over 1500 of the ma
: chines are in use and never yet has a
human being been seriously injured by
j any car titled with the device.
j The Supervisors from across the bay
i who were present were apparently well
pleased with the test, whiie the Oakland
i ers beiievo such a contrivance will reduce
'■ car accidents to a minimum.
W. C. T. U. Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 14.— The eleventh
annual convention of the W. C. T. U. of
] Aianieda County opened this morning.
Papers' were read by Mrs. E. G. Greene of
Santa Cruz, Mrs. li. Sturtevant Peet and
Mh-s Sarah Severance.
The following committees were ap
-1 pointed:
Credentials— Mrs. Olive Gifford (chair
man), Mrs. Cutting, Mrs. Dunning of
; A'.arncda.
Resolutions— Mrs. Hamilton (chair
! man), Mrs. Mathews, Mrs. Teeple, Mr.-.
j Jamison, Mrs. Dr. Van Kirk.
I Courtciies — Mrs. Kiiuball and Mrs.
: Snow.
Too 111 to Be I'resent.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 14. -The oil por
trait ot Key. Father Akeny was hung in
St. John's Enisropal Church to-day. The
rector. Rev. F. J. Mynard, conducted the
services, ana Father Akerly was too feeble
to attend. The congregation stood while
the portrait was being placed in position,
but were greatly disappointed at not hear
ing the aged pastor speak, and doubly
grieved at the cause of his absence.
Will Stay Away Five Years.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 14.-Frank L.
Sullivan and "W. H. Smith, two printers,
who had been found guilty of battery, had
sentence suspended In tne Police Court
this morning on signing an agreement
that they would keep out of California for
live years. The document was sworn to
before a notary aud accepted by Judge
Wood.
Yacht Asuociation.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 14.— The various
yachting clubs about tne bay have formed
an organization for the purpose of holding
several regattas. It is known as the Pa
ciiic Interciub Association. The officers
for t lit- tirst year are: Charles (i. "Yale of
Oakland, president; C. L. Ti-dr.le of Ala
meda.vice-president; EL R. l'lloramedieu.
secretary, and D. \V. Piatt, treasurer.
Outraui'a Home to tio.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 14.— Peter Thom
son has sued ro foreclose the mortgage to
the home of E. P. Outram and wife on
Franklin street. The amount of the debt
is ?20_'J. The suit is the tcquel to the de
dication aud disappearance of Outram
several montna ago. He was secretary of
the Mountain View Cemetery Association.
Grand Jury's Work.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 14.— The Grand
Jury is inquiring into the death of May
and the alleged attempt at bribery of
a witness by a railroad detective. An in
vestigation is also being made of the
charge that Charles Mooney, the tramp
Who was kihed, was thrown off the cars
by a trainman.
Suffrage Rally.
OAKLAND, Cai... May 14.— The women
s;.ftragists oi the Seventh Ward will have
their tirst grand raily on Saturday, May
16, in Washington Hall, East Oakland,
under the auspices of the Woman's Poli
tical F.quality Club. Miss Severance will
address the meeting.
Mrs. Coleuiau's Funeral.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 14.— The remains
pf Mrs. William T. Coieman were interred j
temporarily in the Tubbs vault at Moun- !
tain View this afternoon. They will be
conveyed to St. Louis soon and interred
beside those of her late hnshand.
THEY MET ANYHOW.
Third Congressional Commltteemen
Think They Arc Still in It.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 14. — The old
Third Congressional District committee
held a meeting this afternoon. It did !
not consider the defeat of their delegates
at Sacramento as final. There were only
five of the twelve present, but three were
represented by proxy. Senator Earl was
! not represented, as he considered the com
mittee as being out of existence since the
: appointment of a new one by the Third
District Convention at Sacramento. After
a little discussion the following resolution
was offered and passed unanimously:
Vheekas, The authority of this committee
J nas bsen questioned by persons who claim that
! the Republican Third Congressional District
j committee is legally composed of the chair
men of the Republican County Committees in
■aid districts; and, whereas, any clash or un
certainty of authority would be prejudicial to
the Interests of the Republican party; there
fore
Jitfolvai, That this committee confer and
delegate to the chairmen of the geveral county
committee! in said district, as i» committee,
all authority to call and conduct and certify to
the election of delegates to a Congressional
conveiition in and for this district, for thepur
pese of nominating a member of Congress and
the transaction of any legal business, and this
| committee recommends a^d instructs that the
County Committee of cachcountv be given
i charge of the primary therein. "
Tho new Congressional committee will
j meet Tuesday evening.
• — ♦ ■»
Au Old Prlnting-Hou^o Felled.
The Raveley Printing Company has
failed for $»>231 06. It assets are set forth
as ?5500. Most of the debts are due paper
houses, tyr>e- foundries and ink com
panies.
The Raveley Company is one of the old
est printing-houses in the City. It tried
; hard to be allowed to run along for the
benefit of it* creditors, but the offer was
refused, so it has become insolvent.
To Investigate the Company.
A committee of five as foKoivs was appointed
by the chairman of the Traffic Association yes
terday to inves.isete into and report upon the
r.fftiirs of tlie North American navigation
Company: John T. l>oyle, John L. liow»rd, 15.
F. Dunham, r". W. Vanbicklcnand K. H. Uecht.
The heat of the sun penetrates this coun
try to a depth of a sixty feet.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15. IH9G.
CATS DRUGGED
WITH CHARCOAL.
A Peanut Vender's Pet De
moralizes Many of
Her Sisters.
INHALED THE FUMES.
Soon Discovered That the Effect
Was Agreeable and In
creased the Dose.
PITCHED BATTLE FOR PLACE.
One Knockout and Several Accidents
Put An End To the Feline
Revelry.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,) j
90S Broadway, May 14. \ \
At Fourteenth and Washington streets a ■
very unusual exhibition of animal deprav- :
itv interested a large group of curious per- j
sons to-day. For many months a peanut- i
Antone's Peanut-Stand, Where Cats Learned to Inholc Charcoal Fames Intil
They Were Intoxicated.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
vender has quietly sold ''two for a nickel,
all fresh and hot." He is a quiet kind of
man, and does not indulge m much con
versation witn those who patronize him.
His boon companion is a cat, and it was
the painful result of this cat's bad habits
that drew the crowd to-day. On the tele
graph-post alongside Antone'.- peanut
stand is a little shelf on which rests the
ladder with which the lineman commences
his ascent. This little sheif was chosen
many months ago by Antone's cat as a
favorite place for her afternoon doze.
After a time the peanut man noticed
that his cat spent most of her time on the
shelf, and one day she fell off on to tne
sidewalk and her owner thought she was
dead. lie watched her and soon di:-* ov
ered that she was intoxicated. As a mat
ter of fact the cat was a hasheesh fiend.
Immediately under the shelf is the
chimney of the peanut-roaster and from
it escapes the fumes from the charcoal,
with which the nuts are cooked. The cat
soon discovered that the fumes produced
an agreeable feelinsr of stupefactioa and it
rapidly learned the habit of smoking itself
into unconsciousness. After learning of
the joys of charcoal furne-inhaliiig the
cat evidently communicated its discovery
to other cats and they, too, showed a keen
appreciation of the habit.
Then a war commenced for place. The
shelf can only accommodate a cat and a
half, and as half a dozen pussies were all
striving to be the cat and indifferent as tv
who had the half place, there was a pitched
battle and some lively scratching. An
tone's pet rapidly succumbed and her
owner settled the difficulty by shifting his
roaster to the other side of his stand.
NO RENTING OF PEWS,
Dr. Ketchum of Berkeley Says
That No Seats Will Be
Sold in His Church.
University Entrance Examinations
Commenced at Berkeley and at
Other Towns of the^State.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 14.— The wile
spread report that a system of pew rent
ing is to be soon put into effect at the new
P'irst Presbyterian Church of Berkeley has
caused somewhat of a sensation on the
part of its members and visitors. Though
the affirmation appears to be groundless, j
according to the statement of the pastor,
Rev. Dr. Ketchum, who was interviewed !
to-day, yet the rumor had its menacing !
effect on him, as it came to his cars from j
' various meruueraof the congregation. He \
' appeared much put ont over the report
i when called upon, and in order to clear up '
the matter in the eyes of the community
he prepared a statement for publication.
Dr. Ketchum believes that the house of
God should be open to all who wifh to
worship therein and that there should be j
| no anchoring of choice seats. Ab trie ex-
Ipensesof the church have to be met in
1 some way or other, sittings are sold to the
j members at a uniform rate, but these sit
! ting are open to tt:e use of people other .'
than those who pay for them should they
chance to enter the building tirst.
Rev. Dr. Hatch of the First Congrega
tional Church a short time ago openly de
nounced from th*> pulpit the system of
! pew-rentine and his remarks were the
i topics of many fireside taiKs on the part of
his Hock.
Though Dr. Ketchum has said nothing
as yet Jrom the pulpit regarding tne rent
i ing system lie has taken the opportunity I
jof giving expression to the situation
I throuffh the colums cf The Call. Follow
! is what he has to say:
[ •*! regret exceedingly that the impres
[ sion that we have pewß to rent seems to
prevail to some extent among . onr
members.
"We have for years provided for current
expenses by the envelope plan, making
I the offering at each service a part of our
worship.accordlng to the instructions of our
General AssemDly, sad all pews art free.
Upon entering our new church our trus
] tees decided to continue^ the service system
i someVhnt modified. We have an indebt
; edness of 18600, upon which interest must
Ibe paid until the debt is canceled. We
i propose to place at least 100 additional
: copies of the 'New Laudeo Domini' hymn
books in the pews. In order to meet this
I increase of our current expense and also,
for the purpose of locating the people in
pews of their choice. bo that families can
! sit together and individual members may
I secure a regular sitting, the trustees placed
I the price of fittings at ?2 lor the year, no
; matter in what part of the house. So that,
i for example, a pew of five sittings will be
$10 for the year, which can be paid quar
terly or semi-annnally.
"There have been reserved, however, over
a hundred free Bitting*, as desirable as any
■ in the church, so that if any are unable to
1 pay the extra assessment they shall- be
made just as welcome. it is expected
: that all who can will respond to this plan,
which has seemed to be the best. ' The
i acoustic qualities of the church are most
. excellent— not be better— and as the
j pews are arranged in the arc of a circle, all
converging toward the pulpit, the prefer
ence in location is reduced to the mini
mum."
Kiuriuie Examinations.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 14.— The first
entrance examinations to the State Uni
versity began this morning at 8:30 in the
following places: Berkeley, Los Angeles,
Aroata, San Luis Obiipo, Nordboff, Phoe
nix, Ariz., Salt Lake City, Utah., Portland
Or., and Peekskill, N. Y. In August the
"exes" will be held* in Berkeley only.
About a hundred took the examinations in
Berkeley this morning.
In tola and in {'ixvious years students
have been permitted to take part of their
examinations i:i May and part in August.
After IS9»J applicants will be permitted to
take but one examination instead of two
as under the present rule. The Xlsy
"exes" will be discontinued, but those iii
August will be continued at Ue:**e!ey as
heretofore. In addition, It seems proba
ble that the university will continue to
conduct examinations" each year in any
city or in any school where the number
of candidates and the distance from
other places of examination nr.y justify i\
ONE UNLUCKY DELEGATE.
He Came From Temescal and
Say/ the Endeavorers Start
for San Jose.
A Large Delegation and au Orchestra
Board the Train at
Broadway.
Oaki-axp Office Say Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, May H. ]
A large delegation of Christian Endeav
orers went to San Jose this afternoon —
all but one.
The 1 o'clock train from San Francisco
presented a pay appearance as it arrived
at the foot of Broadway. It was a very
long train and some of the cars were deco-
TcracscaJ's Delegate Too Late.
rated with bunting, while they all con
tained scores of daintily dressed delegates,
ill supplied with flowers, ana as gay and
bright as the sunshine that seems to have
set in to make the convention a success.
The splendid orchestra of the First Con
sresational Church will delight the dele
sates with music. They will give two
concerts in the park, one on Sunday after
noon and another in the evening.
The members of the orchestra who went
are: Alex Stewart, William Wallace, W.
F. Leimert, ML F. Kellog?, Mabel Crab
tree. Hattie Bnggias, Oert Hibberd, F. W.
Roelii, C. L. Hooper, J. barrack, George
Borrington, Jennie Doane, Robert Gar
dener Jr., Joseph Stalder, W. McDonald
It." 11. Hopkins, Eugene Colby, John Ray',
Mrs. Stewart. R. E. Yarnaley, Frank
Howard, Mrs. J. Ray, Alex Bernick. Mrs.
V. Van Buskirb, Henry M. Fine, O. Le
Noir, George Cashing, E I Newell, N. 11.
Bra.m, Ed R. Leach. Howard Baxter,
Claude Dukes, Abe P. Leach, Clarence
CrowelJ, V.. H. Johnson, Ernest Webb,
Wheeler Wood, Ernest Warner, Ed
E igley, C. L. Beretta, Arthur B. Murray,
Howard Jordan, J. E. White cad, A. Y.
Snow, B. F. Boyden, >*eu Seymour, Ed
Long, C. D. Clark, Mrs. J. D. Lfuggins.
Probably 150 people boarded the train
from Oakland. Berkeley and Alaiueda and
all got off safely with one exception. A
delegate from Temescal eot off a Telegraph
avenue car just a moment too late and his
misfortue coat him the difference between
the excursion rate and an ordinary fare.
— — — • — ♦ — — ■
In Norway the rivers near the glaciers
ire quite white.
A CHILD'S DEATH
BY FLAMING OIL
Little Ethel Becanne Suc
cumbs to the Tortures
of the Explosion.
PLAYED WITH MATCHES.
Pitiful Sufferings of the V uthful
Victim of Wednesday's
Accident.
THE SUSPICIOUS ARSON CASE
Woman's Suffrage Convention Will
Extend Over Two Days in
Alameda City.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 14.— The little
13-year-old daughter of J. Becaane, who
was burned so terribly by the explosion of
a tank containing crude petroleum
Wednesday last, died yesterday in great
agony. The Coroner's jury returned a
verdict that death W3S caused by burns
produced by the accidental explosion of a
petroleum tank. The funeral services take
place to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock at
St. Joseph's Church, and the interment
will be at St. Mary's cemetery.
The details of the accident are exceed
ingly painful.
Tne father was at work in the nursery
adjoining his house, at 2135 Central ave
nue. Shortly before supper he observed
his little girl playing among the plants
near the hothouse. Suddenly he was
starded by a territic concussion, followed
by the screams of the little girl. In a mo
ment the child ran out from the smoke
caused by the explosion. The father
rushed to'her, and with the aid of neigh
bor* who were attracted by her cries suc
ceeded in extinguishing the child's burn
ing clothing.
It was too late, however; his little
daughter lay on the ground fearfully
burned and scorched. Though almost in
cinerated, she bravely submitted to the
doctors' treatment, fcjhe was able to talk a
little, and told them she differed little
pain excepting at her ankles and fingers,
she told those watching over her that she
had been playing with matches, and said,
with a pitiful little attempt at humor, that
she felt "dandy."
Her system could not withstand the
severe nervous shocK, and she sank grad
ually toward midnight, dying early in the
mornine.
Dr;. Kej-es arM Lubbcck were in attend
ance, but from the first they entertained
httle hope of the child's recovery. There
was scarcely a square ini/ii of her body
that had not been lacerated by the tlames.
The child stated that she had caused the
explosion by lighting the end of a bamboo
pole and then thrusting it into the tank of
petroleum.
Rne was beloved greatly by her little
playmates and was a pupil in the fixth
grade of the Porter School. In two weeKl
!>he would have boen 13 year* old.
The tank was part ot an apparatus used
in beating the greenhouses. It had proven
bnsacceeafol and its use had been discon
tinued. The force of the explosion was so
yreat that the top of the tank was biown
off and the tauk and all cawied over a high
fence, stauding some thirty feet distant.
There was about thirty-live gallons of oil
in the tank.
Mr. Becanne, while extinguishing the
flames on his daughter, was severely
burned on his left arm, and it is quite pos
sible that he will lose some of his ringers.
The Floral Feto.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 14.— Forty ladies
met tins afternoon in the Council chamber
to further discuss and arrange the details
in eonneciiun with the floral fete.
The various committee appointed are:
Executive— Mesdames K. Frame Clark. O.
R. Roasitter, W. H. Pollurd, J. Fox; re
freshment — Miss Spencer, Mrs. Weeks,
Mrs. liuvey, Mrs. Robinson; printing —
Mrs. Batter, Mrs. Ratbgeb; music— Mrs.
Smith, Mrs. Dennis; treasurer, Mrs. A. O.
Gott; mana^Lrt— (.Thursday evening) Mrs.
Baurnyie, (Friday evening) Miss Elliot;
decorating, Mrs. Ward; carpenter work —
Mrs. O'Neiil, Mrs. Winter; lanterns, Mrs.
H. T. Laily.
It was decided to build a special plat
form for UOO chairs for Friday night's per
formance. The ladies intend soliciting
the labor and nails for the construction of
the platform and tiers of sejits behind the
fame.
Reserved scats will cost 50 cents and re
served chairs To cents. The Presidio Band
has been angaged lor the two days.
The concert 'op. Thursday evening is to
include the national air 3ot the world, and
Mr. I'airwe.atner will sing a "Jlymn to
California, " a composition of his own.
Arruory Hall Fire.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May H.— Nothing of
importance has transpired to-day over the
attempted arson case in Armory Hall.
Most oi those who contrived tue practical
juke have publicly stated the part they
took in the affair, but this does not in any
way clear up the lire under the stage nor
tiie gas all being turned on as staled by
Armorer Conrad Klare. One thine is cer
tain— tliere was a blaze aud the ashes o!
the fire couid not have existed there for
months as is contended. Some say the
whole thing Is "a case of pares; rot|" but
as tbe poike have the matter in hand more
will certainly be heard of it.
Woman Suffrage Convention.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 14.— The idea of
holding a convention here on the woman
suffrage movement has taken such hold
that the project ot holding only one day's
meeting has been enlarged to two, and
the mectinc-place has also been changed.
The meetings will be held on Thursday,
May 21, and Friday, May Three
sessions, viz., Thursday and Friday after
noon and Friday evening, will be held in
the Unitarian Church, Grand street.
Thursday evening's session will be held in
(Jermania Hall, Lincoln avenue. The
sessions will commence at 3p. m. and 8
p. M. respectively.
LIKELY TO TAIL.
The City Council Blake s Personal In
spection of Eighth-Street
Bridge.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 14.— The mem
bers of the Council went to the Eighth
street bridge this afternoon and carefully
examined it. Planks, stringers and piles
were found in a badly decayed condition,
allbougn here and ihe.'e some woodwork
was found that was quite substantial.
Street Superintendent Miller had a
boat handy, and after the Councilmen
had finished inspecting the superstruc
ture oi the bridge, they embarked in this
to examine the piling. The tide was a lit
tle high, but Mr. Miller said they would
see enough to convince tbem that that
portion of the bridge was in the same con
dition as the other. A couple pf the piles
were almost completely eaten up.
In takine up the planking of the bridge
it was demonstrated that it, too, is in a
very dangerous condition. In some places
the planks are scarcely over an inch thick.
Owing to the condition of the stringers,
too, it is impossible to make a nail sticK in
them.
A. L. (TOWELL, AUCTIONEER.
THIS DAY,
Friday May 15, 1896,
....I WILL SELL
AT 432 GUEBKEKO ST., BET.. 16TIX
AND 17TH,
At 2 o'clock sharp on the premises,
A LOT OF BEAUTIFUL PARLOR, DINING-
ROOM AXD CHAMBER FURNITURE;
FIXE STOVE, with Waterbaik.
A. L. CRESSWELL.
• No Reserve. No Limit.
*3" Remember the hour, 2 o'clock.
CBAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms— 1135 Market Street.
Between Stventhand Eighth. Regular Sale Days
■Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 761.
THIS DAY.
Friday May 15, 1890
At 10 o'rlncsc a. m.. at salesroom.
1133 HARKKT ST.. l>«.t. ?th anil Bf.i,
WE WILL ELL...
Elegant Line of >urnlture, carrets: 1 "Upright
Piano, Stock. Fixtures of saloon. Counters, Shelv-
ing, Tables, Chair*, Demijohns, etc.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneer*
I J. anus AUCTION CO., ISC,
WILL SELL THIS DAY,
FRIDAY, May 15, 1896, at 11 a. m., on the prem-
ises, 415 Slirader st., bet. Page and OaK, all the
elegant Parlor, Chamber acd Clnlne-rooui Furni-
ture, Can>e:s, Rugs, urtaias. Portieres, Pic-
tures, Ornaments. Bedding. Crockery and Glass-
ware, Bookcases, Chiffoniers, Cooking Range.
Granlteware, Table Cutlery, and in fact alt the
necessary furnishings contained In the above pret-
tily furnished residence.
• 11. s. KOZMI.VSKY, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Suitor St., Above Grant Are.
AGATEWAItK. AGATEWAKE,
I will sell at public auction, on the premises, 731
Market st., j;>yc() worth of Agate and Imperial
Ware, consisting of Saucepans, MOckpots, Tea-
kettles, Co: Toe «nd Tea Pots, Frying- Pans, etc., too
numerous to mention. I call the attention of ho-
tel-keepers, rt;siaurant-ke grocers and deal-
ers ar.d the public in genoral.
Note — The above stock is the finest ever offered
at auction. Terms cash. S. BA^CU, Auctioneer.
L. H. BIRD, AUCTIONEER,
Office and "Warehouse, 211 Lnrkin St.
AUCTION SALE THIS DAY,
AT 11 A. M.,
THE FINE FURXITURE OF FLAT,
81OH UA-XIIiITM ST.,
. . ..CONSISTING 0F....
Parlor Set in silk plush. Folding Beds, Elegant
<>.ik 8« ti. Hair Mattresses, Brussels Carpets, Solid
Oak Dining-room .Set, .New Mace* Kance, etc.
L. H. lil'Ul'. Auctioneer. j
A STATUE IN EVER Y PARK
A Beginning Has Already Been
Made With Lincoln
Park.
An Effort Will Ba Made to Have a
Park Named After Wash-
ingtos.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, May 14. f
The beautifying of the Oakland parks
has long been a matter of consideration
with many citizens and officials, but be
yond the planting of a few trees nothing
has been done. A new and happily con
ceived plan is now being carried out that
will add greatly to their artistic appear
ance, and which is singularly appropriate.
All of the parks of this city are named
after men great in the history of the
Nation. Thenamesof Lincoln, Lafayette,
Franklin, Jefferson have been given to the
pretty parks that help to relieve the center
of the city, and it is cuggested that in each
park be placed a monument of the man
whose name it bears.
The plan originated with Mayor Davie,
and he has been working on it quietly for
sometime so that it would be in an intel
ligent shape when he made it public.
"Our parks are altogether too devoid of
statuary," said Mayor Davie to-night, "and
it seems to me that the idea is a very good
cne to adorn each park so that the orna
ment will have some historical value. I
have started with the Lincoln Park and
already there is a model for the proposed
statue of Abranam Lincoln in San Fran
cisco.
"I thought it would be the most appro
priate to commence with Lincoln and
when we know how much it will cost and
what it will look like we shall announce
our project, and 1 have assurance* that the
public at large and especially those who
live in the neighborhood of the various
parks will contribute fur its erection.
"Already several Eastern firms have
expressed their desire to supply the neces
sary statues, but Inm of the opinion that
we can do all that kind of work right at
home, and I think it is but right to keep
all the trade at home that we possibly can.
This idea will possess a value other than
as a decoration. It will help to impress
principles of patriotism in the children,
as nearly all of the parks adjoin one of
the public schools. This idea should
recommend the project to everybody, and
I believe it will.
"At present we have no Washington
Park, but I shall try and get one some
wherd. The value of a block laid out as a
r-arlt in the busiest and most growing sec
tions of the city does not seem to be so
fully appreciated as it deserves to be.
However, I believe that we shall soon see
a change in that regard, and I have great
confidence in the success of the plan to
place a statue in the parks that we now
liave."
REGENTS' APPOINTMENTS.
Fifty New M. D.'s Created at
the Annual Board
Meeting.
Sutro's Offer of a Site Laid Over
Until Next Tuesday for Final
Action.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 14.— The Board
of Regents of the State University held its
annual meeting in Berkeley yesterday. A
quantity of routine business was disposed
of, after which the question as to accept
ing the offer of Mayor Sutro's site for the
Affiliated Colleges buildings came up for
discussion. It was the general sentiment
of the board to accept the offer, but formal
and final action in the matter was deferred
until next Tuesday on account of the
absence of Regents Wallace and Slack
two members of the committee in charge
of the affair. A resolution of respect and
gratitude was tendered to ex-Regent Bart
!ett for his excellent service to the uni
versity and to the State during his
regency.
The question of appointment of profes
sors and instructors for the next year came
up for discussion. The following appoint
ments were made, without increase of sal
aries:
For three yesrs—M. E. Jaffa, 8.5., to be as
sistant professor of agriculture; E. P. Lewis,
Pli.l>., to be assistant professur of physics;
W.illiarn J. Raymond, B.S\, to L>e assistant pro
fessor of physics; L. 1). Syle, A.M., to be as
sistant professor of English literature.
For oue year— lnsiruetor, T. F. Sanford, re
appointed; instructor. W. M. Hart, reappoint
ed; instructor, W. L. Jepson, reappointed, to
epend hali a year at Harvard; instructor, J. C.
Merriam, reappointed; instructor! E. B. Mc-
AUCTION SALE !
SPECIAL SALE FOR LADIES I
PRESENTATION SALE!
JAPANESE AID ORIENTAL GOODS.
419 Kcarny Street.
THIS DAY.
FrW »y 3 ltty 15 1898
At 2 p.m.
AT AUCTION,
A Mammoth Stock of Japanese, Chines© and
Oriental c;oo !s. consigned by an old merchant of
Chinatown, to be sol I regardless of cost.
At the close of each sale two or more Elegant
Presents will be give to the Ladles attending the
sale, free of any charge.
Chairs reserved for ladies.
' X T. KKELAR, Auctioneer.
J. ('. HDTDER. AUCTIOJEER,
WILL SELL THIS DAY.
Friday May 13, 1390,
Commencing at 11 a. m. sharp, at
1034 Hyde street, near California,
A FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT,
Including 50 Viennaand Oak Dining Chairs; 16
Fine Tanles; 100 yards of English Linoleum; Fine
Coffee Urn which cost $76; ail kinds of Kitchen
I tenstls. Crockery, Fine Silverware and Linen,
and, in fact, everything that is required in a fine
restaurant.
This place will first be offered as a whole, and if
a satisfactory bid is no: obtained it will be sold In
lots to suit purchasers, and all must be sold with-
out limit or reserve. J. C. MUTHER, Auctioneer.
ELEGAWJTRMTTRE.
THIS AFTtRXOOX AT 2 O'CLOCK,
FINE PARLOR, CHAMBER, DIXKJG-ROOJI
FURNITURE, ELEGANT FOLDING-BED,
CARPETS AND KITCHEN UTEXSILS.
325 DUNCAN. NEAR DOLORES.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
; _] 19 Montgomery street.
GEO. F. 'UMi AUCTIONEER.
Ofllce— 4 Knarnv Street.
_ . - TO-MORROW.
Saturday; M ay 16, 1896,
At 11 o clock a. m.. on th premises.
> O. 613 IS Alt V STREET.
I WILL SKLL THE . ..
SUPERIOR FURNITURE OP RESIDENCE,
COMPRISING....
1 Grand Square Weber Piano; odd pieces Parlor
Furniture; best Brussels Carpets; Lace Curtain*-
Pictures; 1 very elegant Mirror Folding-bed: I
California Mirror ing-bed; Walnut Chamber
Suits: Oak Hat Rack; 1 elegant Oak Mirror-top
Chiffonier; 1 line oak Extension Table; Oak
Dining Chairs; tins China and Cur Glassware;
Table Cattery; 1 superior Lounge: 1 Kefr cerator;
Agate-ware; Cools .Stove; Laundry Articles, etc,
Teems— Cash.
GEO. F. LAMSOX. Auctioneer.
Oilvary, reappointed; instructor, J. H. Gray
Jr.; assistant, Arthur Incell; assistant J.
Burtt Davy; assistant, F.Richards; assistant,
H. B. Torrey; fellow in pedagogy, Francis
Dunn; fellow in mineralogy, M. S. T. Smith;
student assistant, A. L. Jordan ; student assist
ant, G. F. Bciuhardt. K. r. Babcock, Ph.D.,
appointed instructor In history and political
science at a salary of $1000 B.'ytar; \V. J. V.
fsterhaut, A.M., instructor in "botany at a
salary of $1200 a year.
The board voted to confer the degrse of
M.D. upon the following fifty graduates of
the medical department according to the
recommendation of the medical college
faculty: 6
Clifford Emmet Allen, Helen Ora«tella An
derson, Cecil Miller Armstead. Lou Domici
Uacigaiupi, Ilenry Martin Bock, Sanford Blum,
Mary Elizabeth Botsford, George Anthony
Broufchtou. William Parker Burnham, Howard
MeDouirall Cameron, William d'Arcy Chase,
Leonard Ifayes foe, Thomas Joseph Francis
Cox, Grace Feder, Attilio Henry Gianini, Jo
seph Thomas Harrington, Ichita Katsuki,
James Frederick Kearney, Vi'ilford Harvey
Kellogg, Arthur Stanley Lee, Thomai
Davis Maher, Clarence Lftfayette Maloon
Charles Louis Morgan, Howard Morrow, James
Daniel Murphy, Krayton. Muscott, Alfred Mc-
Laughlin, Alfred Newman, Mary Louisa Noble,
Robert Harris Orr, John Henry O'Brien, Jamea
Thomas O'Brien, William Henry O'Malley,
George Louis Painter, Wallace Ernest Park
msa, Victor Eugene Pntnnm, Joseph Rochex
Marshall Bragg Ryder, Florence Scott, John
Thom.".s Stafford, Arthur Alonzo Stern, Mary
Jane Stewart, Mack Voorhees Stone, William
Miller Stover, Eleanor May Stowe, Lewis San
born Thorpe, Henry Constin Trask, Alberto
Trevino, Ncwtou Booth Waller.
The new committees for the board for
the coming year were appointed as follows :
Finance— Regents Haliidie, Miller and Hell
man.
Internal administration — Regents Marye
Black and Black.
I an— Regents Wallace, Rodgers and Foote.
Grounds and buildings— Regents Martin, J.
E. Budd and Reinstein.
Library and museum — Regents Crocker,
Black and Reinstein.
Lick Observatory— Regents Phelps, Crocker
and Slack.
Congressional land grant— Regents Hough
ton. Rodgers and Denicke.
United states experimental station— Regents
Phelps, Martin and Chase.
A lively discussion was precipitated be
tween Governor Budd and Regents
Rodgers and Haliidie when the recom
mendation for medalist was referred to the
board. The Governor seemed unwilling
to give Hirst, the recommended student,
the medal until he had been assured that
it would be accepted. He said that the
gold medal, as a reward for the highest
scholarship in the class, had been refused
before on several occaslcns, and that he
would do all in his power to prevent the
conferring of a degree on any student who
refused to accept it in the future.
Repents Rodgers and Haliidie did not
agree with him. They thought that the
student was a free moral agent so far as
the prize was concerned, and that the
question of accepting or rejecting it should
be wholly optional. After a few minutes
of cross-firing the matter was referred to
the law commitie*. Hirst wes awarded
the medal and all was serene. He ac
cepted it when offered later in the day.
The board decided to malce the renting
of lockers in the gymnasium hereafter
optional, and not compulsory for fresh
men and sophomores as heretofore.
A charge of $1 will be asked for the ren
tal of lockers, the money to be used in the
purchase of new lockers and in the repair
ing of the gymnasium.
Following were the members of the
board who responded to the roilcall:
Governor Budd, S. T. Black, C. M. Chase, Er
ne*t A. Denicke, President Kellogg, John K.
Budd, A. S. Haliidie, J. West Martin, Georgo
T. Mayre, T. G. Phelps, J. B. Relnßteiu and
Arthur Rodgers.
INHARMONIOUS CHARITIES.
The Humane Societies Fail to Agree and
I'art Company,
OAKLAND, Cal., May 14.— The long
j drawn out unpleasantness between th«
Humane Society and the Society for tho
Prevention of Cruelty to Children reached
a conclusion to-night. Dr. Carpenter of
• the Humane Society called a special meet
j ing of his society and outlined their
! grievance against Mrs. Prescott, secretary
jof the Children's Society. He stated that
her society had entered into some sort of
agreement with R. W. Theoboids, ex-sec
! retary of ihe Humane Society, to under
j mine that society. Dr. Carpenter charac
terized Mrs. Prescott's behavior as un
grateful, and the following resolution was
passed unanimously:
Resolved, That the Humane Society of Ala
ineda county hereby discontinue the courtesy
extended to the Children's Society and from
this date we refuse to errant the Children's
Society the privilege of having desk room in
our office.
The meeting was a heated one and many
unpleasant things were said. The trouble
has been brewing for mouths and has been
a fruitful source of minor scandals. The
action taken to-night will destroy any
united action by the two bodies.
The dirtiest and most unhealthy city in
the world is Amoy, China.
al>rjG!ibbon's Dispensary,
R2r»HEAE.\T»T. Established
1.1 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease weariug 011 bodyandmindand
Skin Diseases doctor cures whan
others fail. Try him. Charges loxr.
CnreicaaranUfd. C&liorwrita.
*>r. jr. ULOBOX, Bex ii»s7. San fraactoca
1314
TOBACCO AND
SPIRITUALITY.
Methodist Pastors and Lay
men Discuss Their
Relation.
MAY MEMBERS SMOKE ?
The Cleveland (Ohio) Conference
May Ask All Churchmen
to Abstain.
DIFFERENCES OF OPINIONS.
Rev. Drs. Case and Stephens Join
Issue on the Subject — Other
Vigorous Views.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 9— Bishop Ninde
presided at this morning's session of the Gen
eral Conference of the Methodist Epifcopal
church. Key. Mr. Low t hers of Kansas intro
duced a resolution asking that all Methodists
be asked to abstain from using tobacco, and
that no Sunday-school teachers or Epworth
League presidents or other officers be elected
who used tobacco. Referred to the committee
on temperance.
This is one small paragraph of a tele
graphic item published In The Call a few
days ago. It is innocent in appearance,
and would be passed by the general
reader, perhaps, without a second thought.
But the clergy and laity of the Method
ist Episcopal church of this city take a
different view of the case. To some of
them it is entirely satisfactory, to others it
is the Rubicon between individual right
and ecclesiastical legislation, and they are
woefully unrestful lest the church cross
the stream and infringe on its neighbor's
domain.
That small paragraph has elicited a hy
gienic discussion from the Rev. Dr. Case,
a philosophic dissertation on the rights
of the individual man from Key. Dr.
Stephens, a flight of oratory from Edgar
Briggs Esq. of the Assessor's office, an
emphatic affirmation from C. B. Perkins
of Simpson Memorial Church, and various
widely diverging opinions from other
notables of the Methodist Episcopal
Church in San Francisco.
Dr. W. W. Ca»e of the Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church took "after
godliness, cleanliness," for his text,
leaned back in his chair and delivered
himself of his thoughts on the subject
with perfect freedom.
"I think it is rignt," he said. "Sunday-
Bcnooi superintendents and presidents of
Epworth leagues should be obliged to re
frain from using tobacco for many reasons.
' 'First, on the general principle that any
practice or habit which does more harm
than pood ought to be condemned and
abandoned. This is axiomatic and time
would be lost arguing it.
"Secondly, it is a filthy habit and is en
tirely unnecessary.
'In the third place, it is an unmitigated
evil and very injurious to the health.
"Fourthly, it is a stepping-stone to
grosser forms of intemperance, such as
the use of morphine and intoxicating
liquors.
"A fifth reason is that it destroys the
equilibrium of the mind, vjtiutes the
judgment and debauches the moral powers.
'"Lastly, it has a deleterious influence
upon posterity."
"Would you endeavor to prohibit its
use by church members?" was a^-ked.
"Would I endeavor to prohibit its use
by church members?" The reverend gen
tleman slowly repeated the question, took
a less constrained position in his chair
and drew his hand lightly across his fore
head, thereby bmoothin'g the wrinkled
front of war.
"No; 1 would not endeavor to prohibit
its use by members. I would do so with
intoxicants on the ground that not only
the user suffers, but his family and
society in general. This is true only in a
limited extent ot the use of tobacco.
"I would not even put myself on record
as desiring to puta tobacco sieve in the
mouths of church ollicials, but I am
strongly in favor of their not using it.
This is entirely a matter of personal
liberty, and I think no legislation would
be tolerated, but the conference has not
exceeded its authority in being strongly
advisory."
The opinion of Dr. John Stephens of
Simpson Memorial Church was directly
opposed. He said:
"This would be a very radical step, as
many of the pastors themselves use
tobacco. It is now considered illegal for
pastors to use tobacco, the last question
asked candidates for ministerial honors
bing 'Will you wholly abstain from the
use of tobacco?'
"Now, many of the preachers, especially
the older ones, who came in before tin's
clause was added to the list of questions,
use tobacco; and I think it would be
wholly Inconsistent to require Sunday
school superintendents and league presi
dents to refrain from using tobacco, when
tnese men who occupy the pulpitb are per
mitted to co unmolested.
"As far as the matter is merely advisory,
I approve of it, but I think it is very easy
to endeavor to put too many string* upon
church members. One of the undesirable
tendencies of modern church affairs is to
pat too many restrictions upon members.
"I think the church should not endeavor
to legislate upon this subject— it will work
itsell out in time.
"Why, if a man were to be eschewed on
account of a proclivity for using tobacco
some of the greatest giants of the pulpit
would be under the ban. Spurgeon was
addicted to the weed, and his spirituality
has never been questionei."
One of the most prominent members of
the Methodist laity in the City, C. B. Per
kins, marches under Dr. Case's banner.
"I am thoroughly in sympathy with the
movement," he said. "I have never used
tobacco in any form in my life, and would
ns soon think of flying as using tooacco
before the ciiltlren of my Sunday-school
"As lor the laity, I do not believe the
church shouid have any jurisdiction. It is
a matter that should be left to their con
sciences and inclinations ol right and
wrong."
Edgar Briggs of the Assessor's office,
and a steward of Simpson Memorial
Church, once wrote an article on the pro
duction of tobacco, which may be seen in
the report of the State Board of Agricul
ture for 1895.
He said: "That is a question as to the
polity of the Methodist Church itself, and
not of morals. The tendency of the church
here lately is becoming too narrow. Ex
cessive use of tobacco is injurious and
sliould be avoided, but the church should
have no jurisdiction over the subject. As
for advising, that is its dnty. and in this
case I think its advice proper and timely."
Rev. Dr. \V. R. Goodwin, pastor of the
California-street Methodist Church, came
to the window, as the hour was late, and
put himself emphatically on record as in
dorsing the action of the conference as
lone as it is advisory; is in favor of pro
hibiting the use of the weed by superin
tendents of Sunday-schools and presidents
of leagues, but thinks the laity should do
as they please in the matter.
William Abbott, president of the board
of trustees of Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, said in substance exactly what C.
B. Perkins did. His manner was decided
and liis statements emphatic.
Key. Dr. W. o. Bovard of Trinity Meth
odist Episcopal Church, wss inclined to
look upon the matter as Dr. Stephens had.
"I look upon the matter with favor as
long as it is advisory," he said; "but I
don't think the sentiment in the church at
this time is strong enough to pass any such
resolution. It will douDtless die in com
mittee."
"Hut," he added, "the use of cigarettes
by boys before a certain ace stiould be ab
solutely prohibited by law."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Or Stephens. Petaluma A F Hitchcock, Sulsnn
X P Grant, fsordhoft* W H Simons, St I ouis
II J Darling, Nev H A Bell. Sacramento
WTSampson.SouthAfrlc E auipbell.U 8 SPhtla
.1 W Tu!l> eh. oakdale Miss Tullocti. Oak-dale
Cy Mulkc.v, Cal CT Jobe, Ked Bluff
R B ix>pez. Pleasinton M Dan, Cal
W II Wright, Sacto J H Roberts, Saoto
X H Long. Cal F A Chapman, Denver
C B Morrison. Arbuckie W \V Mi<ldlecroff,Vlsalla
II M Holllster, Auburn A M Powell, Sta Maria
W II Bray, Nev J A Cooper, Ukiah
F L Elsofer, N V H I. Yost, Fresno
X A Waekersecof, Colo FL M smith, Denver
Mrs J s NobL J.unsniuir 1* II Cnftuiau, led Bluff
C F Burns, Cazadero B T McCnllouch.Croslxlg
Mrs BSanford, Woodland Wm Wallace A wf, Cal
KKMankowsKt.<-\vf.Was Miss Nettle Rurham.Hon
1, U Prather, Oakland W S Robinson, Grass V
W W Turney, Sun Jose \V F Mo»e;y, N V
A N Ilollen, Chicago B Lustwlg. Napa
G Lustig, Tulnre Mrs s F!~ulye, Cleveland
C B Garcia, Los Angeles A T Collins, Cal
Mrs Ed Pinney.Councilß MlssL KPluney.Councilß
L M Lasell, Mcrtluez P T Harding <t wf, CaJ
W Bruce, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
B Tibby <fc son, Butte Cy E F Sweeney, Seattle
F II Short, Fresno J W Still, Vacavllle
C Gregory, Mexico R L Conn. N V
A G Ryan, Portland T G Wllcox & w, Portld
R M Clarice 4 w, Nev Horseshoe Jake. Denver
F L Elsofler, NY R H Flint, San Juan
C H Hill, Belolt Mrs X I) Edgerton.Beloit
Mrs Dr W M Huston, 111 Mrs M E Davidson, Til
\V B Cole <fe w, Sta Crur M L Requa Aw, Oakland
Mrs S J Oakland H F Hale <fe w, Battle Ck
\V C Seyton, Santa Cruz A G Humes. Chico
J -N" Burk, Sau Jose E S Bogerl, USX
Mrs Bogert, N,Y •
BALDWIN HOTEL.
.1 H Becker, NY Dr J S Punker, N V
O C bchulze, Dlxon Capt P Stokkeby, P Costa
J A Davis, Oakland T Winchell. San Lucas
L Gray. S Jose G J O'Brien, Cal
M Bernstein, 5* Jose D Fitzhenry. Pasadena
.1 Maud, Highwine H G Conovan, Stockton
G Bradtord, wards \V B .McDonald. Napa
X \V Hall, Sacto F D Cobb, Stockton
v L Baraett iw, Detroit ■ H Hill. Contra Costa,
H I" Morris, Sacto C Bullard, St Louis
J W Merrill, St Paul F A Mulligan, Florida
H Barnes, New Jersey F Miller, VallejO
LICK HOUSE.
H J Darling, Reno Wm G Murphy, Marysvl
J W Blair, Sacramento Geo A Kankin, Cal
R Matin, Cal A Owen, Cal
W R Spauldlng.Truckee D L Newman, Hanford
3 B Kirkland. Portland F B Westcoit, St Louis
Q Francis, Sacramento J M McPlke, Napa
X F Gregory, Bakrsrield M Goldman, Merced
C L Ttsdale, Alarm-da J Jones <fe w, cal
F W Ellis <& w, Cal J M Fulweiler, Auburn
Mrs \V Graves San L Ob Mrs A M Graves, sn LOb
D W Jenks, Alturas J A Bartlett, Cal
J E Smith, l.'kiab C Owen & w, Chicago
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
F E Peters, Los Angeles C Fierson <fe w. Bakersfld
T S Knowles, Ontario C W Benbur, Kern
J Kuhnle. Paso Robles H Byrne, J'.ocklyn
T W Simpson, Denver C iirowiKtw.Ki.is.its Fry
II Morton, Portland G Taylor. Vancouver
F A Burke, >onora J Southwonh, Cal
T J Hendeisou, .. V D \V Corcoran, Vallcjo
J Corcoran. Vallejo C Benson, Concord
\V E Hill, Los Angeles H Hall. Menlo lark
E C Chlop elc, Portland S Howe «£ w. Seattle
W B Hellard, On ah* E AAggler, Ferudale
J S Markham, Oregon
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Keller, Sonoma G H Robinson. Ft Apache
A A Gibson, Abbott Mine L Leclerc, Havwards
T Steger, Ml >berman L V Wisserbuch, Angl lid
T J Hit-key, fhelton W J Root, Chicago
C C Nelson, Mont T Ward, >-unol
J D Schneider, Vallejo C B Sutton, UB N
• »—•» — •
The English long-bow was the height of
the archer, and made of yew, hazel, ash or
hawthorn. The cross-bow whs a more
clumsy weapon, but equally destructive, if
u«ed with skill.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali~
"10 Market street, open until 12 o clock everj
niKlu In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opm
antil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 (Unto street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
B_sp YERBA BUENA LODGE OF
*^^ Perfection No. I— Regular meeting **£'
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, May 15, at 8 M
o'clock. D. 13. AA
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary. «££<?
■t-^=» "FOR AULD LANG SYNE"- v «_? »-
f*~& Thirty-thira grand annual excur- a, JjtOrJ
sion, picnic and games of St. Andrew's
Society at El Campo SATURDAY, May **d3*lf
16. 1896. Round-trip tickets: Adults, 60c: chil-
dren. 25c. Beats leave Tlburon ferry at 9 a. m.
and 1:30 P. m. ANDREW WILKIE, Presidenu
William C. Cook, Secretary.
IPS' MF.MORIA L SERVICES WILL BK
***& held by Oro Fino Parlor No. 9. N. D. G. W..
in Sierra Hall. Native Sons' building, on FRIDAY
EVENING, May 15. Members aud friends are
requested to attend.
RUBY MANZER. President.
M. J. Smith, Recording Secretary.
|t~f 35th ASSEMBLY DISTRICT REPUB-
•sJS" Mean Club will meet at headquarters, 1339
Valencia st., FIiIOAY EVENING, May 15. Mem-
bers requested to attend regular meetings third
Friday. V. F. NORTHRUP, President.
R. H. STAFFORD, Secretary.
C. L. HEDEMARK.Treasurer.
Wt^S= NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET.
, 8»-^ ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1896, at the hour of 11 a. H.. at the office of the
company. Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPRECKELS, President.
W. S. Lkake, Secretary.
San Francisco. Cal., May 15, 1896.
ip3p ~ NOTICE TO THE public-the new
B^^ 7 Reformed Christian Church will be organ-
ized on THURSDAY and FRIDAY nights at
Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin St., opposite City Hall,
to solicit high'r and equal wages lor working men
and women all through the Christian world; also,
ladies' reform costume will be exhibited. Admis-
sion will he charged to defray expenses. Please
come find give us a start. Discourse for the even-
ing will be '-Secrets of the Comstock Lode, or We
Lost All Our Money In Stocks."
ffr~S=> PICNIC COMMITTEES OF ALL SOCIE-
tb^S' ties are requested to call on J. C. HOWE.
Commercial Printer, 636 Clay st., for lowest rates
on quarter cards, posters and all kinds of picnic
priming.
|$^jS= ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
•*»*' annual .neeting of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine st., room 28, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 18th clay of May.
1896. at the hour of 1 o'clock p.m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, aud the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer nooks will close on Friday. May 15, 1896,
at 3 o'c ock p. M. GEO. R. SPINNEY, Sec.
Office— 3lo Pine sU. room 28. San Francisco, Cal.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
J^^"tTpITwRITINO^ LTv^WmrKTcORITFr-
Er-J^ spondence and copying; abstracts copied:
prices moderate. 873 Market st., room 2.
rS* BENTS COLLECTED^ ENTIRE
***** charge of property taken. BROOKS, 214
Pine st.
»^jß= BAD, TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
I*"-*"' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgr at.. 'room 6. Tel. 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
Js_S=" DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO."
*-»; 31 (twenty-live cents per share) of the
HI I CHIN SON SUGAR PLANTATION CO. wil-
be payable at the office of the company. 327 Mar.
ketsu, on and after Wednesday, May 20, 1896,
Transfer books will close Thursday May 14 1896
ft 3 o'c:ock P. M. I-:. H. SHELDON. Sea
SITUATIONS W'ANTED-FEMA_E.
pOOD AMERICAN COOKS, $25 TO $35: GEN~.
VJ eral housework girls. $15 to $25: up-stairs ana
waiting, $15 to $20, and other first-class heln recis-
tered at MISS HICKEV'B. 1033 Post st.
TH< (ROUGHLY CAPABLE LADY DESIRES
A position as working housekeeper to a gentleman
with a family, or would care for a| sick or in-
valid lady best of reference. Apply 629 Bryant
St.. between Fourth and Fifth. ' ..-.•■-■"
S~ ITUATION WAN 1 ED AS SEAMSTRESS OR
O waiting: ten years in last place. Call 115 Sixth
St., grocery.
ESP. CTABLK YOUNG GIRL WISHES
X\i position to do general housework. Call at 228
Tenth st.
EXPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES A SITUA~-
tion to do general housework; plain cook and
good housekeeper; reference. Call at 364 Jessie.
AMERICAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
sr\. do chain beru ork. waiting or second work-
city or Oakland; $15. 1623 . eaven worth st. '
YOUNG FRENCH GIRL WISHES POSITION
Xto do upstairs work an I ting at table- cltv
references. Address E. C, 1014 Pacific st.
9 RESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRLS WISH
<— situations in private families to do housework
and upstairs. Call at 129 Third st., 8. OU9twork
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
Ty ANTED— BY THE END OF MAY. SITUA-
'» tion as governess during the summer vaca-
tion; experienced teacher: references given. Ad-
dress A. D., Palo Alto, and oblige yours truly,
EDITH ACWORTH.
D^ RESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENT BY
the day, or will take work heme; uses Mc-
Dowell system; terms reasonable. Apply 663
FolHom su
L^XPKRI KNCED DAY AND NIGHT NURSE
XJ wants position: good references. Address R.
L., box 13, this office.
QALESLADY EXPERIENCED IN GLOVES:
0 can repair: hasher own glove-machines; wishes
position in glove department. Address E. 8., box
84, Call Office. -
pOLORKD WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK
VJ washing, ironing or taking in washing. Call or
address 28 Hunt St., off Third. ■
G~ OOD COOK WISHES SITUATION IN A
Vj lnnchhouse or restaurant. Call 640 Minna.
LADY WISHES SITUATION TO DO HOUSE-
work or family sewing. Apply 1 Fifth St.,
room 28. second floor.
COUPE I I •: 1 YOUNO WOMAN WISHES A
situation to do housework; good cook and
laundress; understands American and German
cooking: city or country; good reference. A. C,
box 43, Call ofiice.
1..V COMPETENT WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
• ' housework: city or country. Call or address
905y 2 Powell st.
VOUXG WOMAN FROM THE EAST WISHES
I place in city or country to do any kind of work;
with a child: finest references. 2-1 Minna st.,
near Third. : : ..:.•,.
VOUXG LADY WISHES UPSTAIRS WORK
X or the care of children; no objection to the
country; speaks French: good sewer. 35 Hardy
St., off Sixteenth, near Church
\~O UNG LADY WISHES CHAMBERWORK
X in hotel; references, if required. A. M., 1626
San Carlos aye.
OEFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES POSI-
Xt tion for upstairs work in private family. Ad-
dress or call 1620 Stockton st.
A r OUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper for bachelor or widower. Call or
address 1020 Market st. or 15 Eddy, room 30,
second floor.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY REFINED
X widow, lately from the East, for old couple.
Call or address 225 Geary st.
11l ELL-RECOMMENDED COOK DESIRES
'» situation; country preferred; no cards. 1823
Pine st.
N AMERICAN LADY WISHES POSITION
as nurse for invalid; no objection to traveling.
Call or address MISS BENTON. •MS Eddy st.
BUSINESS WOMAN CAN COMMAND A
trade, would like a position as housekeeper in
lodging-house; used to managing large ones, or
would do chamber work. Address A. B. C, box
151 this office.
W IDSw~OF 34, WITH 6 YEARS' EXPERI-
" ence, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel or rooming-house: is also first-class pastry
cook; can give best of references. Address B. 8.,
box 1, Call Office.
BOOKKEEPER — EXPERIENCED YOUNG
I > lady boo keeper desires position; good refer-
ences. Address BOOKKEEPER, box 2, Call Of-
fice, Oakland.
pOMPETENT YOUNG LADY, WITH EXPE-
VJ rience, wants position as stenographer. Ad-
dress Reliable, 42 Hartford st.
I ADY OF 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN
Xj lodging-house ouslnt-ss would like position to
manag • a house. Address M. 0., 611 Ellis at.
\ T K.vr RELIABLE young woman WANTS
-TN 1 lace to do second work Iv private family or
lodging-house; city or country. 28 Seventh" St..
room 25.
SITUATION WANTED IVY A YOUNG
0 woman to care for children; can sew: or as
companion to a lady: competent for second work;
best of refereuc Scotch, 515 Eighth St., Oak-
land, Cal.
IDDLE-AGED FRENCH GIRL WANTS
work in French or German family for children
Or housework. 621 Commercial st.
T> EXPECTABLE WORKING lady would
XV like position as housekeeper; widower's fam-
ily, with small children; is good German cook; can
give good references. Address X. z.. box 42. Call.
IRL 15 YEAR* WANTS A SITUATION IN
family of two to do housework: rtfeiencea
exchanged. Call or address 520 Third st.
RESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WITH
a child 6 years old would like to have a place
as cook or general housework; city or country.
Call at 149 Perry St., bet. Third aud Fourth.
SITUATION WANTED BY 1 COMPETENT
0 Protestant girl in private family; is good cook;
can give references. 207 Leavenworth st.
y OUNG LADY RECENTLY FROM EUfIOPE,
X wishes situation to teach children: thorough
French, German, English and music: or lady's
companion; used to traveling; best of references.
Address box 507, Santa Cruz.
\\r INCHES . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c 10 if 1 50 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
p A R rTaG E^PaTnTE^CfI R^T^7IABS^MAN\
VJ wants a good steady job; city or country. Ad-
dress W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay su
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ office; best help. 41 4 V2 O'Farrell; tel. K. 42a
pHINE-SE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V- help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
PC. COOK'S V>C. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
• branches -.short notice. !4<;earv. teLGrant 43.
J~ W. .TIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. mint office. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOY
O office: best help. 314 L" Slitter: tel. Grant 30.
HUNTKR «fc CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
pOACHMAN : FIRST-CLASS: SINGLE: THOR-
KJ oughly understands the care of fine horses,
carriages, and is a good, careful driver; is strictly
temperate, industrious and obliging: has long ex-
perience in the cure of gentleman's place: has best
of New "i ork and Chicago references. Address E.
STACK, 321 Ellis st.
V OUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION WHERE
1 there may be chance for advancement. Ad-
dress Advancement, 270 Fourth st., Oakland.
pOACHMAN, ENGLISH, AGED 28, SINGLE,
VJ would like situation in private family; town or
country: first-class references. Address English.
box 99, Call.
HOTEL OR ranch manager-man and
wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public In-
stitution or other property in Southern California;
large experience in handling help. Manager
P. _ box 2217. San Francisco.
WANTED-SITUATIO.N BY AN ELDERLY
'« experienced German gardener: handy with
tools; sober: or take care of a gentleman's place,
or any position of trust. Address 0. M., box 71
this office.
OUNO MAN WANTS WORK IN PRIVATE
X family: make himself generally useful about
place; understands care of horses; careful driver:
best reference. ROBT. ANNKTT, 869 Market st!
RESPi-.< fABLE POSITION WANTED BY A
young man in town or country. Address D. F.
box 137. Call Office. ' '
yOUXO MARRIED MAN. WRITING AND
X speaking German, French, Spanish and English
fluently, aesires a position; best city references.
Address E. X., box 31, this office.
y/OUNG MAN WISHKS A SITUATION WITH
X private family; knows how to milk cows and
take care of horses. Address 529 Sacramento st.
/ i OOD STEADY _OY WISHES TO LEARN
\J a trade; machinist preferred. Address J. M ,
2115 Pacific aye., Alameda.
LMRST-CLASS PAINTER AND DECORATOR;
1 German; strictly sober: 3 years' hotel refer-
ences; wants long or steady job In hoi el, institution
or with private party; will work cheap; city or
country. Address GERMAN, box 135, Call Office.
YOUNG SWEDISH MAN, SOBER AND IN-
X duslrlous, wishes situation in a private family
where he can make himself generally useful; un-
derstands care of horses; also garden work; city or
country. Address W. NELSON, 39 Eddy st.
p ARDENER WISHES PLACE WITH PRI-
VX vate family; city or country: middle-aged:
single: steady and thoroughly reliable. Address
J. P., box 16, Call Office. ■
THIRST-CLASS machine-hand (SHAPER,
I trimmer, etc.) and cabinet-maker wants situa-
tion: city or country. Address C. 11., box 64, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY MAN AND WIFE
O as bead and second cook, or cook and waitress;
best of reference as to sobriety and ability: coun-
try hotel preferred. Address M. A., box 127, Call.
YOUNG MAN: SPEAKS GERMAN AND
1 English; graduate of as. F. business college;
well recommended: wishes place In grocery or
chance In wholesale-house to work up. Address
H. 15., box 31, Call Office.
HARDWARE, MECHANICS' TOOLS, ETC.;
XX young man desires position in city or country
store at once; salary no object; not atraid Of work.
CAMPBELL, 1336 Bush St., S. F.
TEMPERATE YOUNG MAN (GBR-
O man) wishes a situation around private place;
take care of horses, etc. ; not afraid of work. Ad-
dress Twenty-first st. and Treat aye. (grocery).
ENGINEER DESIRES SITUATION; CITY OR
country; first-class reference: wages reason-
able. Address H., box 81, this office.
ANTED— BY A GERMAN OF 35 SOME
kind of employment: will work cheap. Ad-
dress J. T., box 151, this office. •-» - v :
ARDENER, FIRST-CLASS, SOBBR, MAR-
r ried man. wants position In first-class place:
was employed tv five different royal gardens in
Europe; held his first position in California for BV2
years and his last for 4 years; is good bookkeeper,
and made his examination in a royal institute.
O. A., box 76. Call Office.
YOUNG SCANDINAVIAN, SOBER AND
X honest, wishes situation: city or country; first-
class driver; milk and, do gardening work; will
produce best of references as to ability. Address
G. C, box 26, Call.
OOKKEEPER WITH 20 YEARS' EXPERI-
-i» ence desires office situation; good references :
will accept moderate salary. Address B. 8., box
101, Call office.
LDERLY.MAN WANTS SITUATION TO
look after things, etc. Address I. L., 40 Ne-
vada block. .
pOMPETENT POSTOFFICE CLERK: SALES-
KJ man: experienced telegraph operator; line-
man: position anywhere; security. SIG.. box
13, Call Office, CaklunO. ' x
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
ERMAN, EXPERIENCED ROC ER V
vj clerk wishes situation, city or country, or
general merchandise. Address F. K.,box 31, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUsK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Mark»t— Electric lights in every room; 200
room . 3: 25c to 1&0 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"M"AN AND WIFE, NJiW ENGLAND PEOPLE,
x * x private place; man understands care hories,
rattle and grounds, general work; wife excellent
cook- and housekeeper: reference. Address M. W..
box 154, Call Office.
IVT A NTED^PosITION IN DRY GOODS OR
" gents' furnishing store; am a hustler and have
had 5 years' experience. Address G. L. \V., box
102, Call Office.
"WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
J^^FINED NURSEGIRL,SIO. MISS CULLEN,
1\ tn Sutterst.
RE Fl NED~SECOND GIRL. «15. MISS CUL^
LEV, 823 Sutter st.
/"CHAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS, $15;
KJ German governess. $20; cook, sleep home, $20.
Miss CULI.EN, 323 Sutler st;
rjERMAN OR SWEDISH COOK, $30. MISS
VJ CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. -,
FRENCH SEAMSTRESS, «20; SECOND
* .f' r '» *- 6; nurse, *20: working housekeeper,
$-0: 15 housework girls, city and country, $20
ami $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CUi,I,EN, 323 Sutter su
TTOUSEWORKGIRL: COUNTRY: *25; 3 IN
XX family; see party here. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutterst.
VI IDDLE-AOED WOMAN; WORKING
l'l housekeeper; $10; easy place. MISS CUL-
LEN, 839 Sntter
Rl I NED WOMAN AS WORKING HOUSE-
Xt keeper: country; $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ■
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, WITH A
'» child. $10: cook for 2 men, see party here.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
COLORED COOK. $25 TO $30. MISS CULLEN,
323 Slitter st.
WANTED— WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL,
** $20; 4 chambe-maids. assist waiting. $15 and
$20: 2 cooks boarding-bouse and restaurant, $25
and $H5: German or French second girl, $20; girl
for cooking and housework, country, $30: also
Santa Barbara, $25; cook.no wash, $30: pantry
Kirl, $20, and girls for cooking and housework in
city and country. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312 Sut-
t« r sU
_____
WAITRESS AND CHAMBERMAID FOR
" the springs, $20; lroner for city laundry, $28
up: Protestant girl, housework, city, $20; German
girl, housework, city. $20; cook. Mill Valley, $15;
German girl, housework, country, $15; girls for
housework, city or country, $20 and $15: German
second girl, country, $20. C. R. lIANSEN ft CO.,
HP Geary st.
V 1 AT GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN BEC-
— I ondglrl: reference: small American family;
$20. MURRAY ft READY. 634 Clay St.
° S NG WOMAN TO C«>OK FOR SECTION
X mm, $18: ranch cook. ?25: cook, few bonrd-
ers. $15; waitresses, «20, $18 and $15. MURRAY
ft READY, 034 Clay st.
\\r ANTED— COMPETENT GIRL, TO COOK,
*» wash and iron, no housework, on a gentle-
man's farm, short distance in country; very nice
place: $25 per month: fare paid. Please apply to
W. D. EWKR _ CO., 626 lay.
' I HI. FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 2 1N
' I family, $15: young girl to assist, $8; also girls
for general housework. $10 to $15. MISS
HICKEY. 1033 Post st.
A I UST HAVE SALESLADIES AT ONCE FOR
I*l muslin underwear; good position for right
varies: call at once. U. 8. Industrial Agency,
room 167, Crocker building.
OMPETENT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work: must be good cook; wages $20. Apply
with city references at 1512 California st.
WANTED — YOUNO GIRL, GENERAL
*» housework: no washing: $6 to $8 per month;
2in family. Call bet. 9 and 12, 1430 Ellis St.
WANTKD— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
'» work with references. Apply 1118 Fell st. ■
FIRST-CLASS COOK AND GENERAL HOUSE-
X 1 work; wages $25. 1310 Geary st.
HOME IS OFFERED TO AN HONEST GIRL
as a compensation for simple housekeeping for
2. For particulars write T. M. DREYER, Alviso.
yOUNG NURSKGIRL; WAGES $7. CALL
X 1631 Sherman St., Alameda, Bay-sU station.
\\r ANTKD-GIRi, FOR DRESSMAKING A 7
'' 2408 California st.
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK 2 DAYS IN
KJ the week. H. R., box 4, Call Office.
V° u NS GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
X housework. 1924 Howard .st,
\\T ANTED— FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON
' ' pants. 307 Clemen: ina st., near Fourth.
GERMAN GIRL; GENERAL HOUSEWORK
VJ" and plain cooking. 2276 Fifteenth st., nr. Noe.
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; ATTEND
» bakery. 1209 Point Lobos aye.
A GENTS WANTED FOR -FEMINA," A WO
-£V man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly-
cllnlc Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia si. For women
and children free consultations from 2 to 4.
I ADY WITH SOME CAPITAL OR SECUR-
I-i uy to manage office business. 131 Post, r. 20.
I v itonhol&mXkers ON COATS. Its
I ' Battery st.
WAIST FINISHER AND skirt >iaker.
»» Apply at dressmaker's I jB2 Van Ness aye.
\\r ANTED-LADIES TOCONsULT "medium
'' and planet-reader; 25c 946 Mission st.
"IOIRST-ULASS SKIRTMAKEKS. BOWUAY,
I 504 Sntter st.
A I OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Jl. Winchester House, 44 Third at., near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to"s6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A> I MA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
AIRDRESnING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101e»sons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
APPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
■M. ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
•Jfi. en. MrDOWELL Acadomv. ?1 X Powell St.
MALE HELP WANTED.
\l' ANTE^D^BlXc^S^rrTl"^^ATrFrSH^
»» on shares, country; German or Swiss milker
to act as foreman on a dairy near city, $30 and
found: also farmers; man to milk 18 cows and
make butter, $20: cooks, waiters and dishwashers.
W. D. EWER ft CO., 626 Clay st.
ArOUNG SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN; AS-
X sistant porter for first-class hotel; $15 and
found. C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 110 Geary .st.
HEAD WAITER ""FOR SPRINGS; WAITER,
country hotel. $26: waiter, hotel, arm work.
$31); I'rrnch or Italian cook, country restaurant,
$60. C. R. HA NSK Nft CO., 110 Geary St.
OECOND BAKER, COUNTRY SHOP, $25 AND
kJ found; ranch b'arksmlth. $30; teamster and
wife, $30. B.T. WARD ft CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
i» WOODCHOPPERS.fi 60 AND $1 76 CORD;
• i tools and food found: 275 cords to cut. MUR-
RAY A READY. 634 Clay St.
O MILKERS, SEE BOSS HERB; 3- DISH-
•* washers. $20; 3 cooks. $25 to $U6: 2 waiters:
cook and wife. MURRAY ft READY, 634 Clay.
9/1 TIEMAKERS. 8c AND 10c EACH; 3
-" farmers. »20; 2 choremen. $15: old man to
do chores. $10. MURRAY ft READY. 634 Clay.
WANTED— COOK FOR RESTAURANT IN
'» the country, $10 a week and room: cook
small restaurant, $8 a week: pantryman. $25 to
$ Oj etc LEON ANDRE. 315 stocKton st.
COLORED COOK; $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
KJ Sutterst.
HA R E SS-MAKER; FAIR WAGES; MUBT
have $100: good security, with Interest. Ap-
ply J. p. JOHjNSI ON & CO, 872 Broadway, Oak-
land.
GENERAL TAILOR AND COAT-MAKERS
\J for the country. Apply to employer, Sunday.
May 17, at 10 o'clock a. m., at J. BAUMGARTEN
& CO.'S. 7 Montgomery st.
W ANTED— ESTIMATES ON WKLI/-BOR-
»' ing. Address BURWICK A 8P1NK, 504 sut-
ter sU
i! ' I ( HER. YOUNG MAN TO DRIVE WAGON."
XJ 1208 Scott su, near Eddy. .
\»rANTED-GOOD COATMAKER FOR BE N-
' ' 1:1 a. call at 14 Sansome St., room 37. to-day.
SOLICITOR FOR DYEING AND CLEANING
>■ works; with experience. 1841 Flllmore st.
9 BARBERS FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
■^ 13 1 7 Stockton st.
}? x t' 1 .kTenced restaurant waiter
-wanted. 207 Second st.
A Y ANTED— YOUNG MAN FOR GREEN-
' » house work; wages 15 per month. Call 612
Haight si.
pOATMAKER FOR PIECEWORK: SEAT-
V,. room free; none but first-class men need apply.
W. W. - W A s B V ,142 Eddy st. PP *'
OLACKBMITH WANTED AT 1148 MISSION
JJSU W. Y. M URASKY. .
])ELIABLE MAN TO TAKE ORDERS: PER-
-iv manent position to right man: references re-
quired orjleposit. PIDGE, 9 Geary st.
IRST-CLASS WAITER WANTED. IB
X Stockton st. Call 10 A. M
P RESS-R WANTED ON CUSTOM COATs"
219^ Tehama st.
$2f>o I LEGAXT TWO-CHAIR barber".
«ip*diy\7. shop: across bay; Improved revolving
chairs: ail other furniture oak: cheap rent- 3
baths; 5 living rooms: can show to purchaser well-
p^'!, n i?V p '! £ -' ant shop; fullest investigation. T.
..LBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
S~ TEADY, RELIABLE MAN TO ATTEND
O cash counter and assist In restaurant: good
P°?i t ' o [ 1 '" suitable man: small capital required.
HTb-NKERG CO., 632 Market st.
V OU.NG MAN AS PARTNER; travel AND
X appoint agents. RAND, 460 Minna St., after 4.
WANTED- TO BUY a GOOD-PAYING BAR-
-32. thi'roffle'e Clt> " ° r C °" ntry Addrf ss W. R.. box
W° J^iS 15 "" IAND TO LET : CHEAP RENT
XJ and good location^ 28a Ellis St., barber-shop.
WANTf-.D-EXPERIENCED MAN. OR MAN
F Mv? ta^? , Charge Of riH3Cn ' Address
H. MORION, box 61, Call Office.
HELP WAN TED-Contlnned.
"ROYS FROM 16 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE
■yj wanted. Apply at 200 Sntter st. ■- ' - -
A P.y KK TISTNO AGENTS W ANTED.
-^- \\ rite A NINO, 329 Ellis St.
WANTED— IRONERS AT PARISIAN LAUN-
" dry, SW. Dolores and Twenty-ninth sts.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
v Stevenson st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
IyASTEU-PARTSEU IN GOOD-PAYING
" 15c barber-shop. 131 O'Farrel st. Gm
T>ARBKR-.siioP FOR SALE; IN FIRST-
-»-» class location: running 3 chairs steady. For
particulars Inquire at 127b Oak St., after 6 o'clock.
POOD SHOEMAKER CAN FIND A SPLEN^
VX did business opening by applying to J. WEST-
lake. Reno, Nev. Apply by letter at once.
~L> ARBER-SHOP WORTH $300 FOR * 160;
■*-> going out of business. STOLZ, 630 Market at.
A FRESH EGGS, COFFEE, ETC, 10c: 3 EGGS,
chops, steak or ham, 10c. 635 Clay st.
PEOPLE WISHING TO MAKE MONEY EAS-
X iiy apply to 1516 Stockton st.
S\ T ,f' , MER PORTLAND. 900 TONNAGE, FOR
hr i 2°k 3 Inlet . : Alaska gold fields, sails about
tne leth of May; fine accommodations: fare $55;
i? 1! i : . Ml ° wunds baggage free. Apply
i RKD HOLMES, 50fa Battcp- st.
IV^V WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
*'« and 4th-Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c:week,$l to $? 50: ling- room strictest at-
tentlon to mornlngcallB;clean:qulet: openall night
\\T INCHESTE HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room ; free bus aud baggage to and from the feiry.
pENTLKMAN' WELL ACQUAINTED IN
v-« city can find profitable employment by ad-
dressiug G., box 95, this office.
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _OT-
» tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
OOMS 150 TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drnmm si.
\%TANTED-AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
' » cry st., clerks and laborers to call if they do
not rrceive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
\V ANTED -MEN TO LKARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
PLp LE R AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
O URQUIN 8 CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER:
-»-' Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
iral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
P ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
KJ half-soleing 25c np. 969 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
\Y ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ <^6., DepU L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize oner
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
BEST IN CITY— SING 1 E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, XI 50 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and LekJesdoriT sts.
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
*T ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
DARBERs-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
XJ mary Barbers' A ago., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHH.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
i* tnent. secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Bec'y, P. C. Hamann, 238 1/ 2 O'Farrell.
1 INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
' > ats. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
TUST OPEN; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
.O Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price. sc,
10c, 15c pr night iclean beds.sunny roonis.no ounks
WANTED- LABII X KH^A.\D~MELHANICB
» » to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms : 25c per nigh-.; $1 to $3 per week.
hat CHEER HOUSE. 62« SACRAMENTO
»' St.; 200 rooms; best In the city single rooms
80 and 26c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
MEN'S %-SOLINU COc; LADIE.v 40c; DON 15
i.*X while you wait. b3B Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 I(A MEN To TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
J "yj and 20c a night. Including co3ee and roll*
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
\Y ARE SHOE DOCTOR*; WE REPAIR*"
'» your old shoes and make them as goo<l as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; dune while you wait.
662 Mission su, between First and Second sts.
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep It.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c 10 $1 25. 662 Mission.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863 V 2 MARKET ST.—
Kooms 20c. 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $5 week.
L'KEE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOit "6c;
r also a bottl eof lager, 5«~, at 637 Clay st.
f PKY ACME HOUSE. {*o7 MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: '-'5c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED- SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: 31
» » v-»ek: rooms for two, 25e a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dni v papers. 36 Clay sU
AGENTS WASTED.
xVeRIENCE NOT NECESSARY; YOU
acquire rapidly alter beginning work. 131
Montgomery 5... room 1.
iy ANTED— LADY OR GENTLEMEN SOLIC-
'» itors for the Perfection wire washboard: city
or country: 3to .V afternoons. 23 Davis, rm. 29.
lIXMTIKE WANTED.
QECOND-H AND FURNITURE WANTED TO
0 fill country orders: I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
AMALO.NE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth at
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
T>KKORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
XJ send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
0 BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
O. tun;, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tei. Jessie 76L
pALL O.S J. C. MUTHER. 521 KEARNY, IF
V.' you want highest cash price for your furniture^
rar[>etn. pianos, or merchandise of any kind. '
~~~ HOUSES WANTED.
\\r ANTED TO R^^T^BYTu^rTl^C^jn^O^T^
'» able modern 10-room dwelling, north or west
side of street; Western Addition; for small family.
Address Terms. Postoflice box 2651.
KOO3IS WANTED.
\\r ANTED— LARGE UNFURNISHED ROOM.
»' lighted from the north or east, wit grate or
place for stove; must be above the first floor
Address W. A. 8., box 61, this otlice, stating
terms, which must be moderate.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~
\IfANTED-FOR CASH, CHEAP LOTS IN
»» city and Oakland; particulars: principal! only.
G. R..box 80. Call OtiiCH. _____"
WANTED-MISCELLASEOirs.
l\r A N TE D- EBTIMATEB OITw E^i?-BORING.
»» Address BURWICK ft SPINK, 504 Sutter st.
SA WANTED— MUST BE IN GOOD CON-
dition. Address, with price, etc., J. N., box 84
this oilice.
\\- ANTED— TWO TRAINED MONKEYS FOR
'» hire. 29 Market st.
\l ' ANTED— NATIONAL CASH REGISTER;
• » must be a total-adder and in good condition.
Addr«-ss W. N. r box 66, this office.
WANTED — SECOND - HAND NATIONAL
»» cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 106, this office.
HIUHK ST PRICE PA.D FOR CAST-OFF
clothing and jewelry. A., box 1, Call.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixih st. ; fend postal.
HOUSES. ' ~
IpOR SALE— A TEAM OF YOUNG MULES,
X harness anil wagon; good roadsters. Apply 1913
Magnolia si.. Oakland.
40 HORSES FOX SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
TV bugzies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horsu
Market, 327 sixth su; auction sales every Wevtnes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 0l > SKTS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
10 kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sis.
H° EH PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
I fSO bKTS NEW A - Nl; SECOND-HAND HART
a tj\j ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses aui
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
T)R. 5 H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SCR-
■*-' Keon for 8. F. Police Department, Office aud
hospital. 121 City Hal! aY( ... telephone south 401.
WAGONS AN D CARRIAGES.
L"OR SALE-NICE .llfCilY AND &ABN1C88;
-i handmade; very stylish; cheap on account of
removal, inquire at 427 Hayes st
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GIX>VES-
samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansonie st.
MKW AND SKCON D-H AND BAKERS', LA UN"
„„. ° ry - m ' lk an(l grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 tine buggies. 828 Harrison st. ■ ■
CARPET CLEANING.
rj. R E A T E A S^IIN^EA^rc^ItP_T^TLEAN-
*J ing Works. Tel. So. 676: 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
TONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
V renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
rjARI'ETSCLKANED, »C A YARD; LAID 3c.
KJ Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN. YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
d- iC, r WOr vV end toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
C°do^n' S CARPKT SKATING WORKS. 333
Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
C 'un\ K K^ CA ,«PETCLEANING.RENOVA-
KJ Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
( ; " KAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
GGSrim'^IT^ machinery. 3c yard.
a OhOßOl<..otnce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
nARPKTS CLEANED AND- RENOVATED
toulh MH 6W n' £ XK «»»O» * CO.. 23 Tenth;
fcouth aa. I). MACKINTOSH ft CO.. successors.
,1 K. MITCH ELL CA RPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
.14th au; cleaning »c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J l i? i .V KliN ' ! ? t; ARPET BEATING ANDRES-
O . ovalln_ work*. 463 Btevensoa: tel. south 228.
BUSINESS CHANCES. --- - -
IF YOU WANT TO SKLL OR BUY A BUS I-
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
HAVE PURCHASERS FOR ALL KINDS OF
business places. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©OXfk PARTNER FOR MEAT-MARKET:
*£)— OVJ. a rare chance for a good man, able to
keep plain accounts and deliver meats: German
preferred. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TATE AND COUNTY RIGHT FOX PATENT
sewing-machine attachment: thousands enn be
sold; Investigate this rare chance and see patent if
you want a money making business: for country
or city; investigate at once this rare chance. T.
LUBELSKJ, 7 City Hall aye.
<Btn f^fl GROCERY AND BAR: FINE
J-J-e»vJ. stock; elegant fixtures; doing good
business; in fine locality; will stand the fullest
Investigation, and the place Is actually worth twice
amount asked; see this elegant business at once;
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
(JJ» 1 (in RESTAURANT: 6 TABLES; NICE
t&LyryJ. range; living rooms; cheap rent; paid
to June 1. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall avenue.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
Cj%n FINE COFFEE AND LUNCH
t£)+u\J\J. place; all in running order; the rent
only $10 a month; taking in $8 to $20 per day;
you will never get a chance like this again. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye,
10 SELL YOUR BUSINESS FOR CASH RIGHT
1 away see or send to STANLEY, 21 y 2 Third.
CM I^\ BRANCH bakery andgeneral
*£) • • «-'• store; same hands 7 years; taking $8
dally; low rent: bargain. STANLEY, 21 V* Third.
pARPENTER-SHOP: ESTABLISHED TEN
\J years: machines, etc.; great bargain. STAN-
LEY, 21^ Third St.
©"I XII PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT
dniuu. cash business: good wages made; trial
given before buying; no previous experience re-
quired. STANLEY, 21 Vfr Third st. ■
RESTAURANT AT YOUR OWN PRICE;
must be sold; same hands 2 years; good trade;
finely fitted; good location. STANLEY, 21V2 3d.
QOXfJ RESTAURANT: GOODPLACE: LOW
<S^i)U. rent; bargain. STANLEY. 21 Vj Third.
({•(•A/I GROCERY; GOOD STORE; FINE
fSpKJ\J\>. location: well fitted; great bargain;
good stock. STANLEY, 21Va Third sU -■■:
"JsJOft RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCALITY:
tjr)-±\J\J. receipts $15 gay; low rent. 21% Third.
CQAfj BAKERY, LARGE CASH TRADE;
ijt.DyJyJ. bargain. STANLEY, 21 Third St.
<J&in^n DRY GOODS, NOTIONS AND VA-
«II)X\/OV. riety store: No. 1 location; with 4
furnished rooms: clears over $100 per month:
owner retiring from business: hence this bargain;
value in sight for $1500. See GUS STRAND, 45
Third st.
QO^n BRANCH BAKERY: 4" ROOMS:
*IP^*J\J. offer wanted to-day. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st. ■<•-:-..*,:■
<£ I 00ft BUTCHER- SHOP; 2 HORSES:
lyjyjyJ. wagon: clears $100 per month. GUS
STRAND, 45 Third St.
Qf'.XA FIRST-CLASS DININJ PARLOR:
t£?Ucll/. 25c meals: fine location; free rent;
clears over expenses $76 per month. GUS
STRAND, 45 Third st. £
<£'-MWt RESTAURANT, NORTH, NR. MAR-
«iD«JUV7. ket, doing good business; value in
sight: full investigation to party meaning busi-
ness; don't miss iv STENBERO CO., 632 Market.
C!'J7^ CORNER SALOON. CITY FRONT;
<IP«J i *Jm old-established, popular place; hot and
cold lunch dally; receipts average $15; proof fur-
nished: big bargain. STENBERG Co.. 632
Market st.
GROCERY, BAR: YOUR OWN PRICE; MAKE
offer. STENBERG. 632 Market st.
<2? 1 r.(\ FISH AND OYSTER MARKET; 4
1 '•'"• living-rooms connected; rent $17 50;
weekly profits $.'(); owner 12 years; retiring from
business. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
(St ({(\7\C\~i> KlNG AND CLEANING BUSI-
<ir)UV/V/V/. ness, building included; low ground
rent: all implements, tools, machinery and ap-
pliances necessary for first-class business: owners
worked it, successfully las' seven years; always
made money; thorough investigation and satis-
: factory trial given; owners remain until posted.
STENBERG Co.. 632 Market B t.
')-)"\ BRANCH BAKERY AND DELICA-
«~«>— «>• cies store; 2 living-rooms, bath, fur-
;sultable for family. STEN 8ERG.632 Market
ffl?7 A WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
«Jp • • \J and notion business- positively clearing
over $100 per month; building included; ground
rent small: creat bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF.
921 Market St.
Q 1 ( I A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE:
<T l<'V/« best business street. BARRETT &
SKIFF, 921 Market st.
<st*->^n PARTNER WAN .ED IN LEGITI-
»4j »)O\J. mate manufacturing business; manu-
facturing standard goods in general use every
where and in great demand; trade increasing:
money to be Invested to enlarge plant; carries full
stock; is absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
In; will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEW A V, 602 Market su
CtlfiA PARTNER WANTED: NIC: CASH
i-U\J. business: can be increased with help of
good man: fine horse and buggy; will suit any one
wanting an active paying business: clears $63 to
' $75 ioeach; chance in a lifetime; don't miss it.
GEO. STEWART, 602 Market st , Crocker build-
Ing, downstairs.
■■\rOTICK — TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
J-y promptly for cash. HEALY dtCO.. 23 Kearny.
(BjOTvA RESTAURANT AND COFFEE PAR-
O-t' *-'' lor north of Market; clearing $80 per
month; bargain; trial. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
V OTICE-PA WISHING IOSELLRE
XI taurants, cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 26y Kearny st. : '.
(I* Ift flft FINE LOON, WITH CIGAR-
<£> 1 \f\J\J. store, in country town ; rent $45: pay-
Ing business. 26 Vi Kenrny st.
oor t\ BUTCHER-SHOP, OLI) estab-
OOV/. lislied; 2 horses, wagons: low rent: a
great bargain. JOHNSTON. 26y a Kearny st.
Q9.-.A COALYARD, HORSES, WAGONS,
O — Oyj . building, stock, etc.: 5 years ground
lease; rent 86; a bargain. 26y a Kearny st.
VI PAYING SALOON: GOOD STOCK AND
fixtures; central location: low rent; rooms;
make offer. JOHNSTON. 26VJ| Kearny st.
<B>7AA FOR SALE THIS WEEK; HOTELOF
<IP • "v/. 22 rooms: saloon and large dance hall;
can be made the finest roadhouse in the country.
Address A. 8.. box 150. Call Office.
QOOnn RESTAURANT WITH NEW
fjp£.»}\f\f . on long ground lease; best location
on city front; money-making place: cash or part
in real estate. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California.
p O RGROCERY AND BAR: A SNAPFOR
\-> the price; location: stock worth the l ■ice
asked. LYNCH & SEERY, 935 Market st. ■.-?
\\T ANTED— DA\ S' NOTICE TO SELL YOUR
'• business; to buy a business come at once.
LYNCH & SERRY.93S Market st.
Q^l^ft FINE SALOON; DOING GOOD BUSI.
O-JtOV/. ness: fine fixtures; large stock; bll
liards and pool; best location. KEIDY, 13% Sixth.
Cjl O(\fi BEST CORNER BAR IN WHOLE-
*irX<D\r\J. sale district: money-making place;
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE A WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st.
FOR SALE— IN GOOD CON-
tract; big pay; small capital required. Apply
at once HICKOK * CO.. 8731 Market st.
<a;*>9^ GOOD PAYING CORNER SALOON:
*Ir±*£iO. a bargain. HEGARTY. 1004 Market.
© I GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT AND
«Jp ' lU. bakery; good location. HEGARTY,
1004 Market st.
QT^ft CORNER GROCERY AND BA~
»IP I UU. with living-rooms, on Polk st.; low
rent; good place: kept by owner for years.
W 1 1.1CK & WOLF. 531 California st.
A LL PARTIES WISHING TO SELL OR BUY
-i"V places of business try CITY BUSINESS
AGENCY, 860V3 Market st.
© 9 ft RESTAURANT; COST $4SO A FEW
■rjp— I O. days ago; must sell at once on account
of sickness. 206 Ellis st. .
SJ'>7."^ CIGAR-STAND: PROMINENT COR-
<p~ I O. neron Market st.; cash register: clears
$75 per mon h. EVKNSON & CO.. 917 Market,
fiOR SALE— AN OLD-ESTABLISHED WEEK-
J ly paper. For particulars address M. C, care
Busuell Company, 516 Commercial st.
RUG-STORE; 1 600 : OPENING FOR REOU-
lar physician. Address M. W. 8.. box 30, Call.
GMIAA HNER GROCERY AND BAR';
«SPi;UW. living-rooms: hr^e. wagon: 3 years'
lease; rent $42 50: Western Addition: doing good
l ' l . ls '!",\ ss io v:ilue in siKht; call at once, WILKE *
WOIiF, 531 California st.
p HEAT BARGAIN : MUST BE SOLD ASOWn"-
VX er is going north; branch bakery, notions, can-
dy, milk, butter, eggs, etc.; fine place for Icecream
or coffee-parlor: sunny living-rooms. Apply 110
Six: h St., upstairs. -
WANTED-PaRTNER GOOD PAYING SA-
»» loon; small capital; must be sober. Address
C, box 82, Call Office.
S?lfii")0 '^AyKSMITHINO AND HoRSE-
VP-*-yj*jyj. shoeing business; clearing $125 a
month; corner lot: shop, tools, stock: bargain-
going hast. Owner, box 5. Call Office, Oakland.
l^oß SALE-FINE BILLIARD BUSINESS-
a 7 tables: also cigar-stand: location central. For
further d particulars apply to ■ CHARLES P.
KKRNS. Berkeley.
TfOR SALE — TELESCOPE HOTEL SAN
X Jose, broad-gauge depot. E. E.SIMPSON, prop.
QjftKfJ CORNER grocery and BAR:
qpyjvyj. large store; cash trade; must sell at
once; a big bargain. 1116 Folsom st.
<a»C>AA CORNER BAR ON KEARNY AND
<DCJVU. California: established for years; good
paying place: no (riders need apply. " WILKE <6
WOLF, 531 California st.
DELICACIES STORE: WELL STOCKED:
good location. Apply 836 Valencia st., Rutz's
bakery.
A LHAMBRA MINERAL SPRINGS TO
xV rent, cheap— lo9 acres of land; 17 rooms, un-
furnished; baths; beautiful location; 6 miles from
Marti D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
Ci;\)nft good PAYING restaurant
«ijP_V/l/. near Montgomery and Market sts.: rent
$•-'0: musi sell at once: family trouble; greatest
bargain. WILKE & WOLF. 631 California st.
V uR SALE-ONE OF THE BEST DRUO-
X I stores in town; half or whole. Address Drugs,
box 4, this office. ■
I?OR SALE-A TAILOR-STORE. IN A FINE
X location: very cheap: must leave at once on ac-
count of sickness. Call at 1001 Mission st. 1
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnnetl.
ESTAURANT; NR. BALDWIN HOTEL: KB-
celptss4oaday; $1400. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
HOKSTORE, FINE COUNTRY TOWN: ES-
tabllshed 15 years; large profits; wilt sell for
65 per cent on cost. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
CJTTnn CANDY-STORE ON MARKET ST.;
tjP^iUU. clears $100 per mouth. DECKER,
1020 Market st. •
©1 1 l\f\ COFFEE AND OYSTEK HOUSE;
IUU. nr Baldwin. DECKER. Market.
POFFEK AND CHOP HOUSE .FOR SALE;
\J fine location; see It. DECKER, 1020 Market.
OLD — GOLD — GOLD — GOLD — GOLD— CAN
beat Alaska or the Gold Exchange;. California
gold mines for sale cheap; quartz gold mines, with
mill; running and paying big profits, at low prices
and easy terms; some splendid newly discovered
ledges showing good-paying outcrops, and are sure
to develop into rich paying mines, from $2000 to
$8000: 1 splendid claim, free-milling quartz lode,
only $1100: other rare bargains. CHARLES F.
BLACKBURN. E. M., International Hotel, S. F.
■pESTAUi^vNT AND OYSTER-HOUSE FOR
It sale cheap; account of sickness. 107 Sixth st.
VEWLY FITTED UP LIQUOK-STOBE. 732
-L* Devisadero st., cor. Fulton. . ,
OR SALE— A BARGAIN: TIN AND PLUMB^
J ing shop. Address E. M., box 81, Call Office.
LBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,"
NE. cor. Everett st., for sale. .
CARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
business; 17 years same block. Apply this office.
OR RENT. UNFURNISHED— "GRAN-
ite House," Folsom, Cal., a --story frame hotel,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: In wood repair and fine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business: extra inducements
offered. Address LOUIS _LUMPP, Folsom, Cal.
T~O HORSESHOE RS—T BEST HORSE-
shoeing business in San Francisco for sale. Ap-
ply to F. BRUSK, 1061 Golden Gate aye.
TO LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County. Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DICKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
<Bil KA GROCERY AND BAR; 2 LIVING-
*ipXO\J. rooms. Apply Call Office, \--y-.;
A LOON — OPPOSITE NEW CITY HALL;
good location. Address P. S.. 435 Thirteetnhst.
XT' O R SALE— CORNER SALOON: DOING GOOD
Xj business. 500 Sixth St., corner Bryant.
T ADY OF MEANS WANTS GENTLEMAN
J .J partner with $50; country proposition- Room 2,
l'JMa.sou st.
1 .. TC H ER-SHOP TO LET. WITH OR WITH-
!•> out fixtures: cheap. 1806 Howard st. ..,:'..■
IT'INE BRANCH BAKERY, WITH GROCERY
. and soda-water stand: in good location. In-
quire in Call Office. . "; •
li^Olt S.UK-UUIID PAYING GROCERY AND
X I bar, wood and coal, hay and graln.:boardlng-
stable, teaming, all combined; 6 years' lease; 8
years established. Call northeast corner Fifteenth
and Guerrero sts. ■-,-:»
RIOTING PLANT; RARE OPPORTUNITY
for a beginner with cash capital; complete out-
fit: must sell at once. Address Printer, box 73,
Call Office.
(JjOcrv FOR A FRUIT AXE VEGETABLE
<JpZ,»JU store; a good horse and wagon included;
good location; must be sold by the 20th of May;
rent $18. Apply 2325 Mission St., near Twentieth.
(2jQ / 7^ COAL AND WOOD YARD uuliSU
O*' I '-'• good business; mast b- sold at once;
engine and boiler is worth the money; trial given.
Call 810 Sixth at.
pHANCE FOR WOODWORKER |TO ENTER
vJ business; small capital. G. H., box 75. Call.
GOOD COFFEE-MILL, NO. 18, SHOWCASE,
scales and groceries for sale cheap. 112 San
Jose aye.
L OR SALE— THK MUSICAL SHOOTING GAL-
-1 lery located 1187 Market st. (Central Park),
consisting of musical and automatic targets, air-
guns, rifles, etc. ; all complete; will be sold at a
bargain.
HJjO^n BAKERY MUST BE SOLD ACCOUNT
*£)Z.O\J. of sickness; store, 6 rooms, cellar, yard;
rent $15; portable oven; all store trade. Apply
Mission Bakery. 1906 Mission st.
Cil f\(\ FKUITSTORE: BEST LOCATION IN
tIPAUU the city for the right man. Apply 16
City Hall square.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
©l^A GROCERY' AND BAH; 3 ROOMS;
<£> LOVJ. well stocked; |bargain. SW. cor. Fif-
teenth and Noe.
ST. HELENA (NAPA CO.) STORE TO LET,
25x75, including fixtures; best location; rent
low. Apply to OEO. W. FEE, St. Helena.
I,'OR 3 ALE— S4SOO: 2-STORY BUILUING.;CON-
i taining saloon, barber-shop and lodging-house of
10 furnished rooms; brings a rent of $90 per
mouth: opposite C. P. railroad depot. Apply to
owner, C. WALLSTAB. Wadsworth, Nev.
ITIOR SAL&— OLDEST ESTABLISHED
X dry goods, clothing and millinery business in
Alameda. N. STRAUSS <fc CO. Park St.. Alameda,
"L^OR GROCERY AND BAR, $300;
J cheap. 721 Polk st.
ESTAURANT AND BAKERY IN CENTRAL
-IV location: nicely fitted up; in university town:
must be sold this week on account of departure:
cash or will exchange for anything of use on a
ranch. Address box 63, Berkeley. - ■ ■
GOOD ROUTE ON MORNING PAPER: ABOUT
700 names. Address E., box 1, Call Office.
Oakland.
FOB SALE-CHEAP; THE BEST ADAPTED
I butcher shop in the city; other business cause
Of selling: no agents. Geary and Hyde st.
"Vf UST BE SOLD AT ONCE— VERY CHEAP
-LA dairy produce delicacies business; best loca-
tion: fine trade. Inquire 1404 Polk st.
GROCERY AND BAR; LONG-ESTABLISH-
r ed; doing good business; death cause of sale.
Apply this office. - .-. ...
FOR SALE— 2 GOOD EVENING ROUTES.
J Call at 623 Sacramento st., 11 to 12 a. m.
GOOD PAYING UYCLERY ; GOOD WHEELS :
best location. W. CRaNE, 324 Post st.
©lOC CIGAR-STAND: OWNER GOING
tjpX/JtJ. East. .110 Stockton st. -
A LOON FOR SALE OR TRADE: CITY
O front; on account of sickness; fine business.
Room 88, Chronicle building.
RE AT BARGAIN; ONE OF BEST RES-
yj taurants in city; daily from $16 to $20. Apply
Call Office.
CM PLhfk ESTABLISHED OUTSIDE BUSI-
-«ID-LUvl/. ness, clearing $125 per month; in-
vesttgate. C, E., box 76, Call Office.
liRUITSTORE FOR SALE CHEAP. 1105
Howard st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX . SALE.
TF YOU^A^T^"B^rv :^R~S^lX^A~loDa"
X ing-house quick, see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye. *
Q«9nnn 4 * rooms elegantly FUR-
isp<li\i\J\J. nished; location Al; paying well-
don't fail to Investigate this chance of a lifetime to
get an elegant rooming-house. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye.
o*7llo 20-ROOSI LODGING-HOUSE, PAY-
t\jyj. Ing about $100 per month; will stand
fullest investigation: investigate this rare snap-
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ROOMS; FINE FLAT; NEW $700
15 rooms; fine corner 350
10-room house, worth $1000; price 400
40 rooms; tine for transient - 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., only .....J 600
16 rooms on Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market st 2501J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
£C-ROOM HOUSE; CENTRAL; ROOMS ALL
\>O rented; worth s2soo; price $1600. DECKER.
1020 Market st. '
Of»-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST., WORTH
— U $2000; price $1000; bargain. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
ELL-KEPT HOUSE 9 ROOMS; NICELY
»' furnished; good location near Market; price
$300. STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market.
OjQnrk ROOMING-HOUSE OF 15 ROOMS;
<JPCJUI/. good location; nicely furnished; great
bargain. STANLEY, 21 Third" st. .
©O^A LODGING-HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS:
«25iiUv. all sunny and in good condition; cen-
tral; near Market st.; low rent; selling through
Immediate departure. JOHNSTON, 26 Kearny.
ODG ING-HOUSE 37 ROOMS FOR SALE
XJ cricap: income $240 per month: no agents. Call
or address 1532 Polk st. - '
OR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE,
22 Sacramento st., containing 40 rooms: well
lighted; gas: water: improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished aud In order for immediate pos-
session; this hotel is especially adapted for a
boarding-house- convenient to railroad depot, foot
of Market St.; established 3 years: reasons for
for selling, owner retiring from business. Apply to
owner on premises.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
lowest prices on household goods, or FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new er good
as new ; cash or time; open evenings.
£ Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 59
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves ." •• — 1 5«
Carpets, peryard _ 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard. .... ; 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
ai SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN. :/ ;.-;
G. KRASKY. FURNITURE AND Bi-,D-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders. 20c per step: furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
/inn CARPET &; CHAMBER BETS, $147
'±\JyJ stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds.
$10; bed-onnges. 97. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
a ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW ... .. $75"
rt liedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, 1aid..... "*4sc an
English Linoleum, laid * 40oua
Window shades In 6 colors "'250 un
SHIREK _ SHIREK. 747 "Market "su." opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores. -,
PIiYSICIANS.
WE^OVED^RrcrcTtVDONNELL T0~1203
XV Market su: diseases of woman a specialty, -r .
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st.; bis 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment-
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.HOUSES TO LET.
O(\f'-810 ,LEAVi N \\ . >R*fHT~NKAR SIT- I
( Y'U ter-10 and 11 rooms and bath; sun all
day.
T LET-HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH- I
__ h";. tine basement; rent $25. Apply 553 Grove bu. i
bet. Fra .kiln and Gough. '
"M OUSE 7 ROOMS; MOD IMPROVE-
XX menu. 1216 Treat aye., opp. Garfleid square. ,
•Dare CHANCE — MODERN HOUSE OF 7
-11 rooms and bath: newly ualnted and papered:
everything flrst-class; tin* location; 1909 i-ddv,
n r > Devisadero; rent $30. Apply P. C. M.OLLOY, !
lib Montgomery st.
<i 1 U HOUSE 5 sunny rooms AND
<, XU . bath. 624 Locust aye., oft I-acuna st. .
pONVENI_NT HOUSE 5 ROOMS. 24 MOSS
>^ at., off Howard, near Seventh.
TOOK AT 8-ROOM HOUSE COR. PINE AND
-»J Scott, 52»; 9-room house, L 0 Frank! iu, near
Market. $38; reduced $12 each.
Q'JM HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
V""- 1723 Clay 3 u. near Van Ness aye.
WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE \VK
»' treat people richt. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOXD 111 Montgomery «:.
FIKXISHED HOUSES. |
9J90 HO\>ARD— « OR 5 SUNNY BAY-.
■— 1— V window hon^ekeeplng rooms; 827.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SC ') "v ( ' AC '6*lroOMS~a Xl) ' bX'Fhl
2 r.' J> yard; stable: 627 Guerrero st., bet. Eleht-
?i A h and Nineteenth. Apply D. B. BOWLEY,
-135 Howard st., near Eighteenth. .
*5:14- NEaT COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
%£ X _:. bath. li? 31 Union, near L«. ■..;,:■.
€?7 C*)TTAGE OF 3 BOOMS; "« 6b D OR-
• .*J\J. der: water free. Apply premises 915
Bryant st., near Eighth, or room "79, tiJb Mont-
gomery.
71 9 NINETEENTH, NEAR CHURCH -COT-
' ■*-— tage, 5 rooms and bath: stable.
QVNNY CU'l'TAOKfi: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
basement; yard. (or. Dolores and ISth.
2£ FURNISHED FLATS.
pOMI'LETELY FURnTsHED^ 8 ROOM?;
vJ bath: sun on three sides: marine view: piano
and machine, if desired; $35. 2705 Laguna s:.
Cl - N N V HANDSOMELY FURNISHED FlOO "
of 4 room^ bath, etc.; suitable for family or
physician; reasonable. 913 Polk, near Geary.
"] rV>Q GEARY — SMALL SUNNY FLAT :
I » '— — nicely furnished for lion*»keep!nc: g25.
flats xo LET.
1 1 -jo howalrd^t^^kß: s^u3?nyXroom
XX.QQ flat; large yard; cheap rent.
si "I J FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 4b9
mX 1 . Sanchez st., corner Eighteenth.
I 1 1 ft FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
' XX O rooms and bath; .$2B.
1 T PPER FLAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT
«- *10 to a small family. 811 Harriet St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh. near Bryant.
U r PPF.R FLAT: ~5 SUNNY ROOMS. 508
Stevenson su, near Sixth; rent $18.
O ROOMS: WATER FREE. 565 MISSION ST.;
0 rent» 16.
SUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS: BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post st.
01 n upper Flat 5 rooms: bath.
■ \&XO. I6SSVs Pine st.. above Van Ness aye.
QIX 133 ASH ATX., OFF VAN KSB, NEAR
*^}XU. McAllister; flat 5 rooms and bath.
1 903 GO UGH-ELEGANT UPPER FLAT; 7
L-*\JQ rooms and bath.
397 CLEMENTINA— I ROOMS; $14: GOOD
O+~ I order.
780^ Harrison— s rooms and bath; $20; good
oroer.
355 Fourth— Upper flat; 5 rooms and bath; 518;
good order.
rO LET— LOVELY FRENCH FLAT 6 ROOMS:
x a beautiful view. 13 Pleasant at- off Taylor.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND
bath; latest improvements; large b&semenu
6 Adalr, off Howard, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
TTPPEK FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT $15.
*-> 436V>» Clementina at., near Sixth.
4] O CONVENIENT 5-ROOM FLAT: SUN-
«4?XO. uy. cor. Nineteenth and Hartford sts.,
near Castro.
VICE MIDDLE FLAT: 8 ROOMS; BATH: ?3fX
■■-^ Third st. near Harrison; key at 417^% Third.
"ICA7 JSTEINER. NEAR LOWiCR
__ • flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms: bath.
ROOM FLAT; EVERY CONVENIENCE.
282 Natomast., nr. Fourth.
LAT, 6 ROOMS. $14: ALSO SUNNY COT-
tage, 4 rooms, $11. 629 Second su
"I O\VfcKTITAT~ui ; 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
-Li Bide of street-, rent $9 a month. 416 Ringold
6U. bet. Eighth and Ninth. Harrison and Folsom.
79('l MCALLISTER — FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
• »«vJa modern Improvements: rent reduced.
A V ANTED — GOOD TKNANTS FOR NEW
•» flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK A CO.,
€02 Market st.
\\*E KENT MANY Flal - BECAUSE WK \
" treat people right. BALDWIN <t HAM- i
MOND, 10 Montgomery sU
LKGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
Xj low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; ¥8 to $16.
* »VE_K : S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TILE
--V WF.EKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Eddy Street.
Q-J 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
57 1 I hcnsekeeplng rooms; splendid location;
private family.
Ellis Street.
rA* ELLIS— FURNISHED FRONT ROOM,
OKJ~± light housekeeping; also room with stove.
F.DO ELLIfS— FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
OO £• rooms, with bath. ■
?• on ELLIS. CORNER OF LARKIN— sunny
\JOV furnished front room: light housekeeping.
.Fourth, Street.
99' FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS. SUIT-
— .— able for light housework; also single.
1- ifth Street.
QO SUNNY BEDROOM AND KITCHEN*;
«DO« running water; do children; private family.
314 Fifth st. '
.jMQI FIFTH ST.— FURNISHED ROOM FoR
"— Oii housekeeping, on first floor.
drove Street.
1 t^tl rWGROVE, NEARLYON— 3 SUNNY CON-
i vJI O nectins rooms; gas, bath: $8. •
' tieary Street.
91 7 GEARY— 3 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
-II 2 rooms. Key 217. -' ■■:■■■■
Q9Q PAKLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
<Ir~O. sewing-room, bath, kitchen: ali neces-
saries. 1917 Geary St. ,:.-...
Hayes Street.
1 <ll 0 1 HAVES— TWO BOOMS; USE OF
X*TXiy2 kitchen: hot and cold water; single
room, 5. : ■ " : ,~-
ileriiiiiiin Street.
9= HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA- 1 OR 2
— O rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kite;. en; gas and bath.
Howard street.
ICil HOWARD, COR. THIRD-FURNISHED
4 \J'i rooms, en suite or single: also housekeep-
ing, cheap.
1 HA£3 HOWARD— PLEASANT FURNISHED
■IuUO housekeeping room*.
1 n(\^ HOWARD— 2 OR « ROOMS, FUR-
X^.\Jk> nished complete for housekeeping; cli ■»;>.
Lurk in Street.
• ROd LARKIN— LARGE SUNNY NICELY
Wl furnished front room; light housekeeping.
Leavenvrorth street.
» I £.1 LEA VENWORTH — 2 COMPLETELY
0102 furnished housekeeping rooms; no chil-
dren; 1 to i p. M.
.•• limn street.
'7fT MINNA - 8 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS.
0 i O complete for housekeeping.
iii»» mi street.
1 C\ l )± MISSION-bUNNY B A Y-W IN DOW
J"Z.-±room; light housekeeping; no children;
other rooms.
1 H'Vi MISSION - LARGE FRONT SUITE
X\JOO and others; cheapest rooms in the city.
1 _(1 7 MISSION— FURNISHED FRONT AND
111 1 back parlor, complete for light iioiigekp^.
"I cm MISSION, cor. NINTH - 2 tOZ V
i tJOI, housi'iteeplng rooms; 910.
Mods Street.
"I Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD. NEAR SEVENTH—
JO" furnished looms for housekeeping.
>at(inm Strrer.
7f 1 N ATOM A, COR. NINTH— SUNNY
1 *i 1 front furnished rooms tor light housekeep-
" Ing; no single.
'.Ninth Street.
9fJ NINTH, NR. MARKET— FRONT BOUSE.
*-'■' keeping; single; sulteit: stove; gad: 810 up.
Oak .Street.
C»^ SUNNY ROOMS FOR RKSPECTABLE
'.?O, working women; private; day home for
culldren. 4b Oak su
Octavia Street.
1 Af\O OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY: SUNNY
3 -l-UO furnished bay-window room with kitchen.
ran nil Street.
4> >' O'FARRELL - NICELY FURNISHED
_*"O rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
I'olk Street.
01 OPO L X — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
'"' sonny parlor hay-window alcove, with
J-«*eu for hou»ekeepiiis complete: new carpeti
*"■• latu.urv; KHSblvvu; batU; also Unted single.
HOISEKEEPIXG ROOMS — Continued.
Second Street.
m SECOND-LARGE, NEWLY PAPERED
A 1«J housekeeping room, furnished or unfur-
nished.
Seventh street.
1 A 9 SEVENTH— SUNNY FRONT SUITES;
-I ~~ "lso single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Seventeenth Street.
OQ7 A SEVENTEENTH, NEAR NOE-4 FUR-
Oulinl»ii«l rooms for housekeeping; bath;
large basement: rent reasonable-
Mxth Si reel.
m SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
coxy housekeeping and other rooms.
CHEAPEST IN Tilt CITY;
cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
r-outli V.i K.
"I 7 SOUTH PARK - 3 UNFURNISHED
X I housekeeping rooms, $10; 2 to 4 furnished,
; $7 to $14.
>"*,: Steven* on Street.
I £97 STEVENSON— A NICE SUNNY
U.- I room: elderly lady preferred : cheap.
• STEVENSON ST., BET.*SEVENTH~ANb
v.»"i— Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
I baih; central. .
Stockton Street.
711 STOCKTON— NICE FURNISHED
I XX rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
I month.
1 TOO STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
X 1 \JO nlsbed complete torhkpg.: cheap rent.
'lay lor Street.
1 no TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
JUG and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
Third Street;.
"I THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
XttO rooms, complete; first floor: bath; gas.
Turk Street.
-I t)(\ TURK— 3 ROOMS AND BATH; FUR-
X— V nished for housekeeping.
Valencia Street.
1 /y< Ql VALENCIA-SUNNY SUITE. $15;
XUaOa also single rooms cheap. •; ■
Van >e«* Avenue.
q% VAN NESS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
ij~y nbhed housekeeping rooms; corner house.
.-I i..i;t..ii Street.
,rr (\C) WASHINGTON- SUNNY UNFURNISH-
«JV'». til housekeeping rooms; running water.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOP. 5 CENTS — THI»
J\. WEEKLY CALL, In wraDDor. for mailing.
IJOO3IS TO LET.
Clara Street.
©Q PvH FLAT OF 3 ROOMS; KEY AT
OO.«JU. 213% Clara st.
i.iiUr Street.
K1 A EDDY — NEAT SINGLE ROOM, $5;
«JXI/ large sunny parlor: reasonable.
ton EDDY- DOUBLE SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
OD\J with grate; $7.
LiShth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 2« BTH
0 su. near Market: furnished and uniuruisued.
Ellis street.
THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
-I HART, manager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
I cated ; newly furnished; elevator; hot A cold water.
OSEDALE HOUSE. 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
it at reduced rent satisfy yourself: open all ni^hu
ie 11 Street.
Ql A* FELL ST.-QUIET ROOM FOR QUIET
I OI U gentleman in quiet house; breakfast if de-
sired.
Ui:arv ■••reei.
91 Q GEARY— SINGLE FURNISHED ROOM;
ZIP rent $6 50.
On I GEAKY. COR. HYDE — 2 ELEGANT
OUX sunny bay-window rooms, furnished or un-
furnished; mantel, closets; handsome new corner
j fiat.
I THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, *10
per ma up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness ■>▼«,
Grant Avenue.
101 1 GRANT AYE.-FURNISHED ROOMS;
XV/X a day, week or mouth; transient. : <.:■.■ ■■. .
Hayes street.
m HAYES— TWOTTCE RUNNY ROOMS,
including kitchen: very reasonable.
Hermann Street.
9= HERMANN ST., NEAR VALENCIA— I
— Kf or two rooms: nicely furnished: with or
without kitchen; pas and bath. ■• -
•jone* sireet.
nrj JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
I sunny room; private: $11.
907 JONES — TflJt AN WINKLK: NEW
— . " I manesement; elegant tunny suites and
tingle: newly furnished; batn. etc: *10 to *:«).
nrn j vreo..
A BLINQTON HOOSE, 127 KEAR.VT-PI
J\. ant sunny rooms, en tulle and tingle: first clasi
in t very respect; terms reasonable.
. ."Market -tree:.
T'OSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
X night. 35c to $1 : week, $1 60 to 5: families.
1 Vfl O MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
X *.\JO sunny rooms; $6 upward.
Mason Street.
990 MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUN.
i-_«J ny window rooms: reasonable.
SilßSion 'ireei.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION, NEAR
X Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 50 a day.
OOS M NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
O— O ny rooms, with or without board.
UROPB HOUSE, 11«» MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
]'1 J MISSION— 3 OR 4, SUNNY ROOMS
iwll furnished or unfurnished, or will sell fur-
niture cheap. . ■ .
Oak Street.
M OAK-DOUBLE ROOM, SUITABLE FOR
X^t 2 persons.
74(1 OAK— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUN-
lT.>'iiy alcove room for gentleman; -private
family.
O'l'arrell Street.
9 'ROOM FOR *15, FIRST FLOOR. ELE-
*D~O vator, gas and electric light, $10 rednction,
by inquiring at room 2, fame floor. 20 O'Farrell st.
"FARRELL, BET. GOUGH AND LAGUNA—
\J Newly furnished front and back parlors with
or without beard; c«w flat; references. Address O.
F., box 18, Call. '
1 ovvell Street.
99": POWELL, COR. GEAR Y-2 LARGE SUN-
— *-O ny, single, front furnished rooms.
l'(\f\A POWELL— IN TOWN; LARGE
UUU front room; suitable for 2 men.
Fost street.
907 CLEAN, SUNNY ROOMS: DOU-
miU I hie and single; reasonable; see them.
XAQ post - nice SUNNY." FUBNISHKD
O\JO rooms;, rent by week #2 upward.
•;- ''-'•'• Seventh Street.
I Of* SEVENTH— NICELY FURNISHED BIN-
JLOU gle rooms: $3 aud s4 month.
bixthßtreet.
1I Q SIXTH (SARATOGA)-NEWLY FUR.
XXQ nished single rooms, $1 SO to 3tS a week.
-fiiii-on Street.
JOX STEVENSON. NR. FIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
~X*-O large rootnB:yard; basement: first floor.
stock street.
101/1 STOCKTON-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
X PIT single; en suite; also doctor's o!H : cheap.
~:J: : ~ \ hutter street.
«f|rt SUTTER — FUNNY FRONT SUITE-
u\J\J other rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
79f« SUTTER-3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I— \j private; gentlemen only: reference if re-
quired.
111U SITTER - LARGE BUNNY ROOSIST
XXXO gentlemen preferred.
Taylor Street. ~~
1 AQTAYLOR-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
XV/U ny front room: rent cheap.
I /I Q TAYLOR— NEWLY. FURNISHED SUN-
Alt/ ny front rooms, with hot water; bath.
Tenth' Street. "~
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET - LARGE
tunny tront rooms: housekcepinx or board.
Turk street.
I 90 TURK— FURNISHED FRONT
J. — O room ; first floor.
Van >e«« Avenue. -
"7Q 1 VAN NESS-FRONT HALL ROOM; GAS;
I *)l bath; SC: noalgn.
CHILDREN UOAR.I>EI>.
V\rlDOW WANTS *% CH I L DREN TO BOARD;
.»» Jurnlshed room for parent. 1018 Jackson,
near Mason. . : - ■ • ' .- "
I ADY WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A CHILD TO
Jj board. 14 Oak st.
r ADY WISHED 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
J J kindest care given. 322 Seventh st.
r.91 PINE—INFANT OR CHILDREN TO
O— »x board; beet of cure; refined borne,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, MAl r 15, 1896.
BOARDING AND KOO3IS.
IJOARD ANlT^doisrsTF^RTvATirTrMlTY
.1. in Alameda: nice home surrounded by a beau-
tiful garden : French cooking. Address J. B. S.,
Alameda Postofllce.
CIO POST-ROOM AND BOARD FOR 4
.\. youug mtn or m » a ana wife; good board
with room, 820 a mouth.
1 HOK - K-UNFUKNISHED SUN-
XOVKD ny a room; . furnished 1 single room-
good board: private: German family; references.
"VICELY FUKNI&HKD ROOMS: UNSUR-
Xi passed for neatness and comfort: 50c 76c and
*lperdav;s2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; »8 to
130 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG. Pr.
BKsr TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; «4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeler's llott-L
ACKMEIEK'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST •
new management: GKORGE GKCENIG, pro^
prietor: boar.l and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
GENTLEMEN DESIRING HoME COMFORTS
'J •with fine board call at 924 Geary st.
OUNNY FRONT PARLOR FOR 2. WITH
O board. $45: sunny back parlor, with board
$40. 616 Taylor st. . ,, , v , 7j-
"l ARGE SUNNY NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
tJ In Western Addition; suitable for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen or man and wife; board optional - terms
reasonable: private family. Address Bush street
box 55, Call Office. *
4 A LOTT. 2 BLOCKS FROM BAKER— SUN-
n\J I ny rooms with board; private family.
HOTKL BKKTU.NU. 714 bUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required- nil mod-
« v: ronvenlencvs.
STORES TO LET.
Q» 1 1 PvTRYTAiKGT^roI?E7^2TFtrrK^
•.. I". St.. bet. Howard and Folsom. ASUTOX
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery su
i < ARBER-SUOP JUST VACANT AND 3
Xi rooms: rent cheap. 315 Point Lobos aye.
"POR RENT— IN MAYFIELD. SANTA CLAR\
X C0..Ca1.,a brick store 30x60, Including counters
and shelving. Inquire C. DICKER,
OTORE AND THREE ? ROOMS." SUITABLE
O for French baker>-: rent $15. 326 Ninth si.
--— --__-___—____
OFFICES TO LET.
Uf ANTED— I OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD-
good home. 10431 a Valencia st.
STORE AND 8 ROUMS; RENT CHEAP. 528
Seventh st.
QOO MARKET, OPP. MASON-LOFTS OF
i'«Jtj various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on promises.
(CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
V OQics $10 and upward, including Janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and pas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
S" PKKCKELS BUILDING, »27 MARKET-
-0 Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at bulldlas
f.r 1.. H. UMBSRN .v 111., 14 Montgomery st.
STABLES TO LET. ~
T)EAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE: 2414 CAJA-
J-» fornia at. : rent cheap. Apply room 26. Chronl-
cle building. ' ' -
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~^
Qjinn marsh ALL UPRKIHT: SHERWOOD
QXUU. upright, sl6o. BHUENN'S, 228 Post.
tIQR FINE WHEELOCK UPRIGHT.
OX^tJ. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St., next Hi-
bernia Bank.
Sp 1 n d ib UPRIGHT PIANO: must BE
O sold. Btorage-house. 211 Larkin sU
Cj9flfl NEW HKSI-i UPRIGHT ON
i±,£.\J\J, $5 Installments. 221 Lt-avenworth su
MAGNIFICENT STECK PIANO; GKAND
tone; private party; obliged to sacrifice. -Room
21, Flood building.
ARE OPPORTUNITY-UPRIGHT GRAND
Hardman; like new: wonderful tone; elegaat
case; 1 erfect condition: offered by pr.vat» party at
your own price for immediate sale. Room" 10,
Flood building.
SOHMEK. STECK. STEINWAY, STATHAM
O second-hand upright scbeap. 10t> McAllister.
A nnual" may clearance sale of
-.""V pianos and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. MAI VAls', 769 Market st.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., STETNWAY rep-
resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs In the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed ks represented. Kearny and Sutler.
KFOUE BUYING SEE HAINEBROS.', BUSH
& Girts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <fc CO.. 824 Post st.
A SHAW, $575: STEINWA Y,"rjiSTsQUA RE,
-A. S-.-5; rented 82 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
ffljO- PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ.
<3»*J- 16 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
ALL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; investigate these prices ana be con-
vinced: the new seven-bar autoharp $0; the rive-
bur autoharp $4; a seventeen 1 inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25: the orire-winner guitar
$3 25: solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 '0;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187; one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCO 11. &29 Market su, bpreck-
«l's build lot;. • •
RRIVKD— LOT OP CELEBRATED HlGH-
grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and leroui
moderate. H. LUEDER^. «a Ninth st.
CON OVER PIANO; AS oT)OD AS" NKW;
great sacrifice. The F. W. fcri.NC.fcUt coil-
PA NY. »3a Post st.
t^HICKEKING.KNABF^ STECK. VOSK, BTER-
/ ling pianos: see our n-w piano for $187; piano*
ior rent. IIENJ. CUKTAZ <£ SON. 16 O'Farr«U.
YKON- MAUZY, 308 POST ST.- ->OH M Kit
Newby I l-vkos, Krlgrs »nd other pianos.
c UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. Ml 1.1.K11, m»k»r. repairer. •-' Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL.
TJO^Kirp^.WRrTN^ABITHMTcV'oRTSrR
i-> noclatses:ssmonih. 845 Mission
MHH. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
Sutler: teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Bhakeaperean
c. asses: sklrt-danclnfr, minuet, gavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 r. m. ; SI per month.
13 OOKKEEPING BYTARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
JJ ant teaching; \$ time and far more practical
than any college: rapid calculations. 659 Market.
BOOKKKKPING -SCHOOL -PE N MAN SHII P
XJ arithmetic, taught in 6 weeks. 6t-tockton,rm. 2,
E FOREST— STAGE. ELOCUTION, VOlCE-
bulldlng. 14 McAllister, r. 44: 10:30 to 4:30.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 ma MARY WK-THAUS. 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTIHAN
and Parisian. 3 lessarta w.; $3 in. Mate bld.,r.S7.
(^PaNI»H.FKENCH,UERMAN«MODKKATeT
OMeisierschafl fcchoifl I>angnaee«. 122 O'Farrell s:
"\rOICE-BUILDINO, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
\ ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st. *
PROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
YBKS'.TH LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship SO: low rates per week and month.
Is Xi Asia's LYCEUM SCHOOL Of ACT INO-
Xi Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mku
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIV II* MINING, MB-
O chanical engineering, surveying, archltectars,
assay; estab. H VAN DEB NAILLEN, 723Mk'_
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, - business practice, ehonhanl,
typing, electrical engineer: nf, telegraphy, modern
language* rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
jylUH'l SCHOUL;IiKALI.' Sbln.
J.l Post : commercial, nhurthand: Kncllsh: low r»'es
"I IoLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO: HKA-
V fonnh;,-. PROF. FKJaIfCIM. 1046V4 Valencia
BIEIiICAL.
GRADUATED M IDW IFE'tTkbTLa'diES IN
vJ confinement: very good care; in or out
'Address 416 Sixth St.. a F. '
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INBTHU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day-
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPEIt, 318 Kearny st.
A LL CASES OF IRREG TLA RITIES RK-
J\. stored in » few hours: e*f«-- and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home In confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will gave time
and expense: consultation free and confidential
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post St., near Larkin.
BLESSING TO LAD IKS tSUFFKRINU
irom irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of .treatment:
cerer fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
i fleets: never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately;' prices to suit
tbe times; home in confinement. DR. & airs.
UAVIKa. 14 McAllister si., next Hlberaia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
1 A DIES, CONSULT FREE HUB. DX. SCOTT
ii 216 Powell sU; only qualified speeiailsl; $300
for case I fail to cure: diseases of Hie eyes trca t«d.
DStm. GOODWIN MAKES A BPKCIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores ail cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no cliuree; separate
home for patients: best skill; medical attend.
nc«: low «*••; regulator, $i. 1370 Market st.
SURK I IKK Foil ALL FKMALK DIfSKAKEST
from whatever, cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guamhteetl L>v
MRS. 1 . i : ... \l . it, 226 1 urk st.
TFIRKEQULAUOK any female disf. \ke"
1 don't tall to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ. 254 Vi 4th.'
H. IIALL. 14 MCALLIS'I EH STREET, NKAU
2 Jones. Diseases of women :.nrl children,
» HOME. A FJtIKNO AND MOTHER'S CAR&
A MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 141 « Eighth bU.Alamcda!
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
-V ladies troubled wl' irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure: $2 60 wjepresi C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD i>ltOS.. Oakland. CaL
JJU VCLES. ~"
ARK CYCLEhY— NEW WHEEL!* TO iJiT?
best accommodailons. Terminus Geary, Mo-
AllUter mil Powell .->t. car Hoes. ...
! SEWJLXG „ MACHINES, . ,
A LL KINDS BOCGHT, SOLD.'eXCHaNOEO"-
J.V. rented, rtyaired; lowest nttea. 205 Fourth sb
PERSONALS.
TOILET— LOUGH EAD HALL, COR. OF SAC-
ranu-uto aiid Polk sts.; newly furnished and
decorated; suitable for lectures, dancing or lodge*.
ffIHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT i
1 40, 46 sixth st : children's school bats sc: dyed,
pressed 25c ; oats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c. !
ISFIT PARLOR:), 316 SD ST., SELLS AND i
buys fashionable ladies' clothing; refitting free, i
ADVICE FREE; DIVOKCJ6 LAWS A SPE-
JtV dally; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills. de»ds. etc., at-
lended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 860 Market st
IBEKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW.
lry, etc. : lowest rates. Market st-
SPECI A L— SOL. SHIPPER ACO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building. 927 Market, rm. 817.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over- |
coats made from $9 up: tr 'users $2 up; workman- I
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-meAsutement 1
cards sent free; coon try trade toliclted.
TJ7OR ADOPTION— Hr:ALTHY"P.OY BaBY; 2
T years of age: »2000 cash goes with the boy. Ad-
dress H., box 285. C.ail Office.
OJJIS MILLKK, THE ACLORDIAN-MAKER,
removed to 706 Mission St., near Third.
BUNKS. MOVED, 2S CENT& COMMERCIAL
Transfer company, 43 Sutler at.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us.
HE NUMBER OF THAT BIG HAIRDRESS- j
X ing establishment on Stockton street that :
dresses hair in any style for 25 cents is 111, and 1
the name is O. LEDERER. Don't make a mistake. !
"PIANO LESSONS AT PUPILS' HOME, 50c I
X and SI; best reference. P. L., b<ix 18, Call.
REWARD— MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
soclatlon offer a reward of 820 for Information '
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one '
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work is being done.
1 (Kin CARD-. SI 60: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
1 \ »UU teL Black 141. HILL. 23 Geary st., r. 39.
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash : cures scalp diseases; take no other.
' NOLTE PAYS CASH FOB. OLD GOLD.
. 222 O'F»rrell sU
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
tine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKKMS YOU !
-.'V can buy furniture, c*rpets, blankets, etc. ; so ]
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at at. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN KVKRY ROOM I
Winchester House, 41 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms, 'Jsc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to ?8 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTKOZYNsKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed io 24 Geary. Popular prices.
IJARTINGTON SCHOOL uf MAGAZINE
. and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: Instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton.K.L. Partlngton. Particulars 124 Pin* st
R. 1 UCKKTT. 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given: crown and bridge work.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, rcn.c-ed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; -r6t-clas<. I jundry. MRS. JaUssaUD.
C* 1 a KOOM: i:AKl*fc.T_ CLEANED ON TUB
0 1 floor. 206 Leaven worth sU " •-■ -
OUTDOOR STKREOPTICONSHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth stu. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of imsl-
Bess. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market at,
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a, cor. Jessie.
fMMAKfi, CAPK3 ASK sCJTS RETAILED AT
* J nfr» com. Factor- '-'*) s »ntom« »:.. unstalrt.
DltESsilAKEllS. ~~
DRESSES S3 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CERTS UP:
lawn $1 nil. .M»5»4 Natoma St.. ;il>ovo sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
.>_ —^-^ ---,-,-. . . -_-__22Z 1"a
50 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
•'KNOWLEDGE 13 POWuIR."
Therefore consult the creat clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN I)K VERE,
. 1728 MARKET ST.
Their reading astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation. Investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influence* in half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in tho
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here 10
stay. 'Hours 10 a. it. to Bp. m. Sundays 2 to 6p. m.
Letters containing stamps answer**.*.
PROFS. EUGENE A VAN DE VERE.
1728 Market su
ADVICE and _ "
assistance to all.
When yon wis'i to consult a true disciple of
clairvoyancy see and- prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CAKNEiLE If the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clalrvov-
ancy. You will find him a wonderful being. He
has made thousands of families happy and sue- j
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallible mid
correct advice on all business matters, aids you
In love, brlogs about nappy marriage and success
In life. He reveals to you jus: what yon want to
know. Others may have failed you: Professor
Carnelle never dues, but has always given the
most complete satisfaction. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.
Hours, 9 to 9 (Sally and Sunday. Parlors, 220
Eddy st.
ME. PORTER, CARD- HEADER; TE_,L9
past, present, future: ladles 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant. sitting SI 60. 126 Turk st.
VI ME. AKNDT. BEST FORTUNE TELLER IS
IJt the world: 50c and si, shows you the ulctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY^
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
GYPSY LIl-K-READEK; LADIES, 26c7
gents, 50c j readings dally except Sun. 6 7th.
ifME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
X»X past, present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT. PAST AND FU-
ture. 25c. 311 Tfthama, upstairs, near Fourth.
A] ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ- |
I*l eraii'J clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age: mining, lawsuits
marriage ; ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
\IMi-j. LENEMAR — FORTUNES: TOLD BY
i'l planets: predicted in '74 passengers ■ of over-
due steamer on Island. 11 Taylor st.. cor. Market.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLSFKOM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell ft.
I3ETURNED, WOP.LD-RENOWNED MME.
XI SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
Tj ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC KEVKAL-
I'I erby egg* and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on ail affairs; noth-
ing exceptfd; names given; good advica; euro
help: restores lost love br sympathy; mistake !m-
-possible: fee $1 : letter »2. t'-'B I'osißt.. nr. 1-arkin.
--_--___--—_—__ __
SPIRITUALISM.
4 DDIE SWAIN LECTURE, "PSYCHIC SeT
JY ence of 1 ho New Testament," Sunday evening;
Berkeley, Tui-sday eve: sitting 1055 Market.
J<> i 1 8 SLATER: CIRCLE TO-NJGHT; SlT-
tings dally 10 to 2. 865 Vi Market st.
ENEFIT TEST circle TO-NIGHT. jimk.
Young and Shrlner, 311 Van Ness aye.
RS. BTEKRS AND MRS. HOSKINS: TO-
nlght; test circle; convention fund. 136 Oak.
aTiARisiN. DEVELOPING MGHT: I'HE"-
-• nomena!; convincing; welcome. 6 Hayes; 25c.
its: J. J. WHTfNEY. CLAIRVOYANT"
triince medium: sittings $1. 21 Stockton su
LOST. ~
Vf AY 11,3 BOATS MARKED Z IN A CIRCLE-
-1»X reward for thalr return to the Mexican gun-
boat Zaraeoga, Union Iron Works.
Tost— a PASSBOOK with 1 he hii;k..niT
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of ELLA W. CARTNF.V: No. 184,830.
Thw finder will please return to bank. . "
———————
WENTISTB.
DR. I* T. tit AN^-EXTKACriON PAINLESS^
crown work, brldsre work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary su. cor. Grant aye.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-"
ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial tee'h
Jrm fs: fillings i nn «1 : extracting 60c, with gas $1.
C»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
0 I good as can be made: filllns: *1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
K.'LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST '
near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new
teeth from $8 per set; extracting &0c; gas given. '
ONES!' WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICED*
DR. HABDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm 1.
yVLL .-El OV TEETH, 7; WARRANTED
J five years- D P.. V. CA V a LSKY. 2451 * Hi st.
QET OF TJiETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DKTTI
O(i. YI)i:.NU, IS4I Poik *.
1 »lt. UKUHOK W. LEEK. THK GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 0 to i.O O'Farrell st.
AINLUM4 EXTRACTION. 60c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up- 13 vearV
experience. R. L. WALaH. D-D.s.. b!5»4 Geary.
I vK. H. H. SHAW, 224~K BARN t — BRiLuE-*
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ 10 WON DENTAL A SSOC I A T 1 o . HOd M A X-"
>V 7 ket su DIl. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J.J. LEEK, MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gat« aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK "REASON ABLE AND~Wa7rT
ranted. DR. J W. XXV. 1123 Market st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FORHAKDWAKK. PLUMBERS'
X materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oilH.furniture
fuel, stationery, printing, etc Sealed proposals
will be received .by the Superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, lv open session of the Board of Edu- I
cation, on Wednesday. May 27, I>s96, tt 8:30
o'clock p. m., for furnishing tne School • Depart- '
merit of the City and County of nan Francisco
during the fiscal year 1b96-97 with hardware
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils, 1
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc., and for doing the
printing required during the same time. In accord-
ance with specification* at the office of the board
of Education, new City 11*1.. — .
GEORGE BE ANSTON, (secretary.
' CITY REAL ESTATE. : \
FOP. SALE— LOTS HAVING A FRONTAGE
of 383 feet 01 the southeasterly side of Mission
St., from Preclta aye. to Serpentine aye.. and j also
having a frontage of 183 feet on Precita aye. Also
lot on sou h line of Washington St., 25 feet 10
Inches", east of Dupont, 26x40 feet with 2-story
brick building thereon, renting for $83 per mouth:
good tenant. . ;
Bids will be received for the entire property or
for any portion of the same up to June 1. 1896. by
WALTER HoGE at 18 Post St., San Francisco,
care of JOHN H. GRADY..
Mission st. accepted and sidewalk in front of the
property laid witn bitumen and granite curb.
ftQ.ir. MAKE OFFER; iooxTao. BLOCK
1 — 10. 174, University Extension Homestead
Association. CHAS. C. rISHER, 507 Caiifornia.
aqcut COST $5607~33x1377\v. SIDE MADI-
«3J) O—t), son hi., 40 feet S. Sllverave.. lot 4, bio
69. silver Heights. C. C. FISHER, 507 California.
Ojf'X/l LOT 2, BLOCK. 25, NOE GARDEN
•JOOU. Homestead Union; K. side Ocean Honsa
road, near 25th St.; S. 98:10. E. 14'J to -High s' .
N. 90, W. 101. C. C FJSHF.R. 51)7 California st.
HARRISON ~T., NEAR TWENTY-THIRDJ
rents for 20; pood house. 8 rooms, basement:
convenient for 1 or 2 families: driveway outside:
stable in rear; lot 26x110: $2500. Hair^on.
-OK SALE— IOII CAPP si , NEARTWENTY-
-F n'fth; sunny, 5-room. bay-window, modern cot-
tage; lot through to rear st. ; bargain; easy terms.
C«l J- (\ RAKE CHANCE FOR A HOME:
»35-L ~I»/V/. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, 50x50, Holly Park; small payments, same as
rent. CADBNASSO & CO., 512 Montgomery st.
OR SALE— S22SO: NEW, MODERN 5-ro
j cottace: HlKhland aye.. Holly I'ark, 200 ft-ot
east of Mission St.: terms easy. Owner on- prem-
ises every afternoon.
i) HOUSES AND LARGE STABLE for
— sale, with leas -. 281 Ash aye., near Frnnklin.
■TOR A HOME OR INVESTMENT.
The finest and most complete pair of flats for the
money; just uclnjr finished: marble steps and all
the latest improvements: put up by days' labor:
north side of Fell st.. near Scott. Call on premises
or office of owner and builder, DAN EINSTEIN,
6:-iO Market St.
I MORE LOTS SOLD
ON 11TH AND 12TH AVENUES.
A FEW LEFT.
There are now only 16 lots left on 11th an 1 12th
ayes., California and Lake st.-*. They will soon
an be gone. If you want a lot In Richmond see
these. Street work all done— graded, sewered and
macadamized.
PRICE »700.
TERMS. »50CA«H
*10 MONTHLY.
Take the Sutter or California st. cars to 11th
are. Go to-day.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
$>|7.-.A COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS IN KAsT
<|DAI«Jv.f. Berkeley: near station: south front-
ace; street graded, sewered and macadamized; [
Cower garden: terms easy.
$400— Lot 40x120; $10 down: $7 50 monthly.
$175— Lot 25x135; $5 down; $3 monthly.
CHAS. a. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery St.
W. COR. FOLSOM AND 21ST ST.s.; 95xG0
0 it-; will subdivide: cheap for cash; also s\V.
2Uth and Treat ay. ; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1206 Market.
SALK. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
I lot 27:6x85: 7 rooms: bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes: stone walks. On Waller st. near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park.
ATA SACRIFICE— MODERN RESIDENCE ,
and 36-foot lot, cos: $14,S0O; small cash pay- I
ment: rest monthly. Apply 2710 Devisadero.
w-Q^fi NEAT COTTAGE AN 17 LOT; 5
tZ*OO\J. rooms: hard-finished. 210 Andover
aye,, bet. Crescent su and Last aye., Holly Park
Tract.
AfODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
i'l bath, basement and attic, built for f2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans- J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
"TOR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,
1 ■■iv; completei. "l p. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
I^buß CHOICE UNIMPROVED FRUIT AND
chicken ranches, 8. 9. 10 and 10 acres each: on
your own terms; send for our list of improved
property for sale and ex.-iiamre. shaND A lUB-
LET. Novato Mann County, San Francisco office,
room 3, 2d floor, Mills Building.
Ij*Oß EXCHANGE-240 ACRES OF CHOICE
X land, unlncnmbered, adjoining the celebrated
Hearst orchard in Palermo, for clear Income city
property. Address RANCH, box 93. Call.
\\T ANTED— I6O ACRKS OF GO VK RN MENT
" land. Address J. N., pox 8, Call office.
A GREAT BARGAIN— I6O ACRES CORN AN
fruit land; timber and a never-failing stream:
40 mites out: only 58 per acre, cash. Address
RANCH, box 93, Call office.
I A ACRES FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE NEAR
X\J san l.eandro el trie road: city or Oakland
Improved property, business or residence and part
cash; all In fruit; nice 2-story house with substan-
tial outbuilding, titabie, barns, chicken-bouses,
etc.: half cash: value $18,000. B. FASSLER,
San Leandro.
LKGANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
and ranch at Los Gntos lor sale; furnishings
Insured for SSUOO: property of IL H. DA Vis.
COLTON, 906 Market st.
1 Uf\ ACKES CLO^E TO LIVERMORE; *50
XUV/ per acre. C, box «9, this office.
BA RGAIN FOR 1 "WEEK— OF THE
best 60 acre vineyard in >ania Clara Valley;
near Los Gatos. Address V., box 5. Call Office.
pONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J «end for list- D. J. WEST, Martinez. CaL
\|APIN COUNTY- ACRES «6 MILES
lA from San Francisco.
Rancho de Nova to.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no irritation; both rail and water
transportation; f4O to £75 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 chronicle building. .
CjQ AN ACRE: 320 ACRES. HOUSE.
tipu feuces, fertile soil, living water, plenty of
wood: crops never fall: good for stock, craln,
fruit, poultry, etc.; terms easy; 110 snow: no
chills. M. A. GKIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot-
touwood, Shasta County, Cal.
SKNDFOKOUR LIST Oi? ORCHARD HO VIKS
for sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. San Jose.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN- IM-
■i proved; easy terms; also 4. 6 end 12 acre
pieces on H and 10 years' credit: 3 partly Improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market su. S. F.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS - THIJ |
*- >\ EEIvLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
I'JUOPEKTY TO EXCHANGE.
Of. HOUSES LOTS. FROM 81250 TO-fIOOOO
— V'so ranches, all sizes, from *100 to 30,000
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda. 1000 to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000 '
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from $200 to 3,000
4 flats, lot 50x114. 5,000
1 good lot in city.... 150
2 lots. Ocean View. 50x125 600
4 stores; 28 room*; rent flt'o 35.000
I (-KLL AND EXCHANGE . .
All kinds of property. .
Hx C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth
9 LOTS AND FINE~HOUSE FOR SALE ON
— very easy terms, or exchange for small ranch
or business, a. ABEL. 236, Mlnott St., B. B.
|^m| ACKES TIMBER LAND, KERN C.1.;
1 —CJW w»ter; tine for cattle-raising. N..bx.lg,Call
MO>EY TO LOAN.
Q 1 f)f\ f\rn\ TO loan on LIFE INSUR-
-0 IUU.UUU ance policies. JUbEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine. j .
LOANH ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st.
IST * 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN fci.S-
tates-.lowest rates deIay .MUKPHY,62a Mrkt.
I>lG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PKJt CENT;
X) the same rate on a 2d mortgage or life Insur-
ance, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Call Office.
DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY. ETC
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 Urant :iv->.
rpo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM B^o
X to $5000 on good security. l'.O.box 444, Oakland
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTuA'JK-l;
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro.
bare. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
VIO.MSY LOANED o.V JEWELRY AND*
i»J other valuables at the Pecnruy Loan Office
IKJUMarketsU.nr. MaHOn: private eutranca 7 Turk.
Olfil.AUh.% LOANS ON COLLATERALS:
low rules, sylvain saioman A C0.,H28 Montgy
1 iIKECTON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
I" no removal: no delays:- no commissions: low
Imprest. Km. 68, Dnnohux bite 1170 Market st,
FAWNBKOKERS.
A^r 128 KEARNY ST.. " : r6o!m~9^MO> TBY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: i»ri-
Tate rooms: elevator: pledges ior sal a cheap.
ATTORN AW.
-^ ally; private; do charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, win*, deeds, etc., ii;-
tended 10. G. W. iIOWE, att'y-itt-Uw. 850 Market.
T K. PHILLIPS— U. 8. AND STATE COURTS;
1-i. It. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; Charges moderate, offices 508 California at.
J. NOLEN, AITORNEY-AT-LAW. • 719
• Market st. ; an vice free. ... '-'■': ■'.
m J. MURRAY, ATTY AND COUNSELOR AT
X. law: advice tree.. 24 Sixth s'... rooms 14, 15.
\\T W. DA ATTORNEY- A l-LAW742O
»' . Cullloriiia wt.. rooms 14 and lf»: tulvice free.
TO * A 9: : ----- i :
Fl l'.N ItFrkT^ PI A 'NOS,~" ~TRV r SK*T~~A d"
' vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YLOtt,2o4 Post.
T A RUE AIRY STOKAGK-ROOM ; FIItE-
XJ pi oof building; cheap. 320 Sutter st. .
fp H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X • red t rod rales; basement, storage, sl 50 perloa4
TORAGE— OHEAPEbTINTHECITY; I 'I HE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
OWES I RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
household goods, etc. . J. M. T'erce, 735 Market.
B. FURNITURE. CO.. 13' i ELLls[
• low rates: fire-proof building: r.astern p'.a::.
PPLY FOR RATES B OR STORING FU 1 N
tun-, etCSUIRKK i SHIHEK, 747 MurkeU
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RE At ESTATE.
1 rpo EXCHANGE — GOOD - RENTING OAK-
* land property for ranches and wild land: also
fruit, poultry aud slock ranches for city property:
write mefor what you wan:. J. H. EDSON, Real
, Estate Exchange. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
1/ IX X COTTAOK TO KXCHAXIiE COR LOTS.
X F. C. WA'J SON. 463 Ninth st., Oakland.
.^^^Oft 3-ACRK FRUIT AND POULTRY
It T,i,tt' ranch close to Oakland: part cash.
i.. HILL. Donohoe building.
«5« *-?^()(\ CHIC .KEX RANCH: THIS IS A
W\J\J. bargain: improvements cost $4000:
the beat improved chicken ranch in Contra Costa
County: only 2 hours' drive from Oakland. For
particular-* apply to owner. V. P. MITCH ELS,
painter. Fourteenth and Webster sts. Oakland.
! SKI U^O~EASY fit RMS: NEW 6- ROOM
ni XOU\J. house; block and half from cars: cor-
ner lot: an ideal home; see it st once. WM. P.
To DP, 100*.' Broadway, Oakland.
.Q4.£,fl FOR BEAUTIFUL LOTS IN MEAD
TUK'. Park, which fares Ban Pablo aye.. Mar-
ket and Twenty-tilth si., in the center Of Oakland:
terms, one-fourth cash. A. H. lir^ed « Co.. 460
Ninth St., Oakland, or DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 187
Moutgomery st.. San Francisco.
ATTENTION BUILDEKS— PARTIES D_il
-rl. siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at one*: special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans and
B P L^.lo°l D o a ß afay J ite * ° f ctMirse - A - v
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
inenis equal to rent: close to Kniitrale sta-
tloh: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done: sen-era,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate ißrevMuanc
Company. KDWARD DICK, agent. Fruitvalu sta-
tton.
OAKLAND FURXITCRJE FOB SALE.
QQ*; FURMTUKE 4HO OMS. H. SOiIKLU
QOt). HAAS'. 408 Eleventh m. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA KKAL ESTATE.
TFoTt SALE OR "\VILL EXCIiANG'E^F'oR
J. large or small lot in Alameda, a new colonial
cottage of 6 rooms; street work and sidewalk.
J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st. - -
AJARCUSE <fc KEMMEL, CONTRACTORS
i'J and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$22011— 5-_'s <ash, $20 monthly; 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms an.l baih.
$'2450-$25 cash, !fJ-_' 6o monthly: 53x117; cot-
tnc>' of 5 rooms and bath.
$--'&00-- No cash, $'J5 monthly; 35x100; sunny
corner house; 7 room* and bath.
S3OOO-Nocash: 825 monthly; 37:6x100; >'\V.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3'J6O— 6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
Cl9nnn 4 -" Olj: « cottage, $50 cash
<al-\»UU. $20 per month.
$2SOO-5-room cottage, $300 . cash, *f 25 month.
1 '2 71 T>0— 5-room cottage, 8250 cash, $25 month.
$80i)0— e-room house, 5200 cash, $25 month.
*4000— 7-room house, $600 cash, *2B mouth.
All modern houses, on improved streetß and
: convenient to trains. Have alsoa few magnificent
• homes at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD Company, 1864" Park St.,
[ Alameda.
' ©1 7^A MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
.714 O\J. and bath; 100 cash, $i! 0 per month.
No. 736.
$3600— NE. cor.: new; 6 rooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc.: $260 cash. $30 a month. No. 735.
S. 100-aiOO cash, $25 a month; fine 6- room cot-
i tae"; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new bouse; 8 rooms; must be
sold: $500 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
82800— £ nap; $150 cash, 925 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
?35OO— New modern 2-story: 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash. *30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L A CO.. 1432 Park St., Alameda. I
VKW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
! xi rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
! west from Park st.; lot 86x140: rooms on lower
i floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa: lor enam-
: eled in old ivory, mantel white and cold; burl pan-
: els in doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
; brick mantel In dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
-1 trie appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
, sure it you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
t-,. M. GRAY. 463 Ninth St., Oakland. .
1 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS'— THiS
- v WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
ALAMKDA HOUSES TO LEt!
T"^n^N^rN^\v^uT?A7iTrTitorTM^^^
modern improvements: lawn: flowers: rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth it., bet. Mi. slick and
Knclnal station. Alameda.
KEKKEL.EY REAL ESTATE.
.LTAPUNTA TRACT, THE GEM Of'tHE
bay region. 806 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 U-et, irom $80 to
1 $200: small deposit; easy installments: Send for
bfMtlfal map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. lIAiGHf, 220 San gome at., San Francisco, Cal.
G" OOD HOMES FOR RI*NT OR FOR SALE
y-f on easy terms, O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Centtrst.. Berk-ley. '
~~~ BERKELEY HOUSES"
TinntNTsiiED" HoTsTTTroTLE'r for 3 !
-T months: 9 rooms aud bath; beautiful view.
JOS. J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
LOR RENT, IN B~EItKELEY— a MODERN
-T house of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; large
yard, stable and chicken-house; cheap to responsi-
ble and permanent tenant: 3 blocks from station;
convenient to University. Address Berk, box 10,
Call Office.
roR RENT— AN KLEUANT RESIDENCE OP
X I 12 rooms, liwlght way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flower*, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
Dwight-way station.
FOR SALE-3IISCE_.IjANEOUS.
OR SALE— COMPLETE SET OFBCTCHER-
shop fixtures: cheap. Northwest corner Twen-
ty-ninth and Dolores.
INOER, 2-DRAWER. $10; HIGH-ARMED
Singer^ $25. 1&59 Market; day and evening.
TJICY CLES ; 2 XEWTnIT 1 SECOND-HAND
JL) ; -wheel at a bargain. - 113 Battery st.
(DAMPING WAGON, DOUBLE HARNESS,
J etc.: most complete outfit: just the thing for
Yosemite trip. 415 Washington St.
rpUOROV'GUBREI) BLACK MINORCA EGOS.
xsl per 15; al«o Belgian hares. Address 2029
ban Antonio aye., Alameda, CaL
ITo!* SALE— CABINET- ji-.xKUR'S BENCH
£ and tools; tine outfit. 1400 Van Ness aye.
FOR SALE-UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
register; price £25. J. L., box 64. Call Office.
1/>OR SALE-SUN CASH REGISTER; USED
X: 10 days; price f2S. S. C, box 65, Call Office.
I"" OR SALK— FINE STANDARD TYP&
-I writer, with desk: also roll oak top an£ one fiat
top desk, in fine condition. 7 City Hall aye.
1 «'!: SALE AT A P.ARtrATN-$3600-COST
J. 1 .f <J0 0. An economical steam and water-power
mining plant complete for Moisting, pumping and
drilling. H. E. W.. 1201 Laguna «v
FRESH JERSEY COW— MILKS 7 GA LT-ONS
rich milk a day : gentle for family. 1312 Folsom.
|?UUR'<CLAMI BKCOND-HAND WASHING-
J ton hand press: alsoeighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100. this uilioe.
QECOND-HAXD (UK OR OASOIJNE KNi
O cities: various sizes; guaranteed perfect order ;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. . .
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS; ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., SlO California.
pLOSING OUT OF STOVES, TINWARE, ETC.;
\J small or large quantity. 1075 Howard st.
IGH GRADE '96 BICYCLES; »30 TO 860.
Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes si.
lURK-PROOF t»AFE \\'ITH BURGLAR
chest: cheap. D. N. HAW LEY, 318 Markeu
OILERS.ENGINEis.2D-H AND MACHINERY;
waierpipes. Mclmosh d; Wolpraan. 137 Be&te.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATI'AS FURNl-
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
tit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mlasloq
UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH
1 ' doors, mantels, etc.. for snip, 116 d Mission.
ONE SMALL! MEDIUM AND LA ROE SIZB
fire and bnrjc:.-.r proof safe. 109. 11l Market *■„
yillij AND BURGLAR >-afk, LETT E IV
1 press, platform scales and desk:chnap. 10' i Clay.
VI. v\ RANGES CHEAPER THAN BECOXi>
x> hand. W. B. RAY Mf/ Co.. la California s:.
Cl OUN IB KM, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
<. ■ bought and mid 1121^ Market beu 7than<Hfca
LATEjj.I tJUij'i'lXt IMLLUUbXIL.
Foreign Port*. '
M'NUENE-*— Passe.l May 14— Ship D H Wal-
]en. from Hull, for San Francisco. -.-•;. •
3J.AKKIAOE LiCENSES,
The following marriage licemei were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Robert M. Healy ana Lydla K. Palmer. 81—20.
B. W. Prlndle and Emma W. Kelinke, 23—30.
■ ,„"•, L- an dor Nalllen and Paulina E. Schlueter,
26—23. . . ■
M. L. Asevedo and Julia S. Brun, 29—
U. J. C Gardemeyer and Franc A. Tatter,
45— Hit. . -.. ■ r ' -
J. J. Donohue »nd Maggie Gorman. 23—23.
Charles F. Bchulu and Mary Arnold, 46—31.
mVOKCfc I'KUCKEDINCH. ~~
Complaint filed-. ——
Caroline M. Houston against John O. Houston.
Jennie Kincati against John J. Kin aid.
Es:elle Benjamin asains: Isaac Benjamin.
John T. Edner against Elizabeth Edner.
Susan H. Roberts against William C. Roberts.
Jean V. Rereyson against Alice J. Reveysoa. .
Divorce grant "j: ' "«
Frank G. Hall from Mary N. Hall, for desertion ;
by Judge Hunt.-
— MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
will not be inserted. They must be handed lv at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have tbe same publlshe.l.J "■:.-.'; =
BO UN.
J'EDROSSI— In this city, Mar 13. 1838, to the
wife of A. B. Pedrosji, a daughter.
H AUKIEU.
BARNEY-FANNIM;-in this city. May 13,
1898. by the Hey. a. M. Russell. Charles A Bar-
ney and Emma Fanning, bo:b of San Rafael.
Cal. ;
LARSEN— DRYF.R— In this city. May 9. 1895.
by fie Rev. J. H. Schroder, Lars C. Larsen and
Augusta Dryer.
PHILIPS- MATISON— In this city. May 14.
1596. by the liev. J. H. Schroeder. Harry Phil-
lips and Charlotte M. Matison.
PREBEK— CAVASSO— In this city. May 12,1896,
by Judge Kerrigan. Theodore Pivb -k' and Mrs.
Heloise Cavas-so, both of San Francisco.
PP.INDLK-BEHNKE-In this city, May 13,
185»8. by the Rev. Dr. W. W. case. Benjamin W.
Prlndle of san Francisco and Eiulna M. Rehnke
of Dlxon. Cal.
A>l_l>,
Brosnan, William. . HocSlnir. Florence E.
. Burnett. Peter H. Krnipt'or, Georee
Chase, James A. Larson. Clara C.
Collins, Clara A. Met; rath. Mrs.Marsaret
Corrldan. Mary Me Portland.Thomas L.
Davis. Eva - Ma on .lames
Fowler, May H. ,- Mulligan. William
Franklin, Amelia A. Made, Georce W.
Gaven. John 0 Brien, Alfred B.
Grantz Jr., Adolph Paul-ten. Charles W. *
Hack, Susana H. l'ras;, Saran
Herilhy, Maurice Rothwell, Antonia F.
Taylor, Mary
BROSNAN-In this city, May 12, 1896, William
Brosnan. late of Virginia City, beloved father of
Julia Brosnan, and husband of the late Mary
Brosnau, a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged
SS years. [Virginia City (Nov.) papers please
cojiy. '
** r e nd s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday 1, at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the undertaking
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street, thence
10 *'• Paul's Chord), corner of Twenty-ninth,
ana Church streets where services will be cele-
brated far' the repose of his soul. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURNETT— An anniversary requiem hi?b mass
will be celebrated TO-MORROW (t-aturdav), at
9 o'clock a. m.. at St. Bridget* Church, Van Ness
avenue and Broidway, for the repose 01 the soul
of ex- (Governor Peter H. Burnett. Friends are
respectfully invited to attend. .
CHASE— In this city. May 13, 1896, James Allen
Chase, a native of Massachusetts, used 80 years.
•"S-The funeral will take place THIS "DAY
(Friday}, at 9 :45 o'clock a. it, from his late resi-
dence, 2010 Gough street. Interment private at
Mountain View Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city. May 8. 1839, Clnra A., be-
loved wife of Charles J. CoKin*. mother of C. J.
Collins Jr., Mrs. Frank F. L'pton and Mrs. Harry
Conlon, and btlovcd grandmother cf Mrs. Leon.
Roylauce, a native of London. England.
COItRIDAX— In this city. May 13, 1896, Mary,
beloved wife of Maurice Corrtdan, end sister of
John Sheenan, a native 01 County Limerick,
Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS KAY
(Friday), at f:'r.O o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 1206 Mission stree:, thence to Si.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing a. 9 o'clock a. v. interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city, Msy 14, 1896. Eva, beloved
daughter of Isldor and list hex Liavls, i>ud sister
of LouU, Healey, Alfred and Aaron Davis and"
Mrs. S. Jacobs, Mrs. K. Lew and Florence David,
a native of San Francisco, aged '20 years.
FOWLK.R— In Ciairmount, Alameda County, May
14, 189«, May 11., b«loved wife of Captain John
P. Fowler, and mother of Douglas P. and 1 rank;
la. Fowler, a native of Liver) Nova Scotia,
aged 81 years 10 months and 11 days-
FRANKLIN— In this city. May 14. 1896, Amelia
A. Franklin, beloved wife of Abe Franklin, and
beloved mother of Samuel and Eraanuel Frink-
lin, and sister of Mrs. L. Wolf of Stockton, aged
62 years
GAVEN— In this city, May 14, 1896, John Gaven,
a native of New York, asced 46 years.
GKANTZ— In Santa Cruz. May 14, 1895. Adolph
Grantz Jr., aged 21 years 2 months and 22 days.
£S"Frien<is and acquaintances are r^snsc!.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock P. m., from the par-
lors of Henry Evers. 865 Washington street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HACK— In this city. May 14, 1596, SusAtiu Rosin*
Hack, beloved mother of Julius Hack of Oak-
land, Henry L. Hack of Sncramento, John V.
Hack of San Francisco, grandmother of Freder-
ick Hack of Fresno. Jos.'Dii Hack of Helena,
Mont., John and'Ardine HacK and Mrs. Lottie
Greene, sister of Ulri< h Bayer of Wetzlar. Ger-
many, a native of Germany, aged 81 years 1
' month and 12 days.
43~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. v., ■ from- ncr la:e
residence. 1700 Sacramento street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
HERLIHY— In this city, M»y 14. 1896. Maurice,
beloved husband of .Mar re. Herlihy, and
father of David M., May C. and the late Nellie
and Daniel Herllhy, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aaed 74 years.
«3"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Saturday), ai 8:30 clock a. m.. from his late
residence, I^3l-3 Folsom street, thence to St.
joiepli's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
• will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HOCKING— In this city, May 13, 1593. at 170S
Howard street, Florence Fmineiine, beloved
wife of T. C. Hocking of Modesto, daughter of
Rob*rt Gilber:, and »i»ter of Nellie. Henry,
Ernest and Francis Gilbert of ban Francisco,
aged 85 years.
«ryTho remains will be taken to Modesto
SUNDAY MORNING for interment.
KNUPFER— In this city. May 13, 1806. Qeorn
I Knupfrr. beloved son of K:iM ; Knupfer, and
brother of Annie Knupfer Mrs. l/i lisa Khl*>n-
feldt aud Mm. Lizzie Marshall, a native of San
Francisco, Ca!., aged '.'1 years 9 months and '22
days.
£3~Frienaj and acquaintance* ar» n>sDsc>
fuliv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), 'at '2 o'clock p.m.. from his late resi-
dence. 506 Franklin street. Interment I O. O. F.
Cemttery.
LAR*ON-In this city. May 14, 18.96. Clara C,
beloved wife of Charles J. Larson, aiid mother of
John Anderson, anutlvoui \ arnilani, Sweden,
aged 60 years 10 months and 21 days.
McGRATH — In this city. May 14. 1896. at Our
Ladies' Home, 33 Rincon place. Mrs. Margaret
Mcliratli. a native of County ICildar?, Ireland,
aged 74 years.
McPORTLAND— In this cltv. May 14. 1896.
Thomas 1., only and beloved son of John and
Ratio Me Portland, aud brotner of May Me Port-
. land, a native of San Francisco, agt- d 3 days.
MALONE— In this city, May 13. 1896. James
Malone, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
43"Friend8 and acquaintances nre re.nnpct-
fully Invited to Attend the funeral Tills j)AY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy 4 Gallash«sr, UO Fifth slree ,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:45 a. m.
train.
MULLIGAN-In this city. May 14, 189$, William
Mulligan, bek«ved brother of Peter Mulligan,
a native of Cpuuty Lorixford, Ireland, aged 6J
year*.
ajpTbe funeral will take placo THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of the Pacifio Undertakers. 777 Mission
. street, between Third and Fourth. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NAGLE— In this city. May 13, 1S«»6. Georse V.
Naifle. beloved brother of Mrs. Thomas Archer
und Harry M, Nanie. and son of the late George
D. Naele. a native of St. Louis. Mo., .ii^ei 49
years 11 months and 4 days. [at. Louis papers
please copy.]
43i"Friends ar» respectfully invited to attend
tho funeral services THIS- DAY (Friday), at
2 o'clock p. si., at Pioneer Hall, Intvrment pri-
vate at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, May IS. 1V96. Alfred 8..
beloved son of Simon and Hannah O'Brien, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 mouths and 0
day*.
<7*Fr|ends an 1 acquaintance* are re.msci-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p. it., from the resi-
dence of (he Barents. Alabama street and- Rut-
ledge avenue. Imerment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
PAULSRN— In this city. May 13, 1896, Charles
V,"., beloved son of .William and Mane Paulsen,
and brother of Fmllle Pauisen and the late
Louise, Otto and Lucy l'aal#<an. a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 months and I'd days.
/>"#" Friends and acquaint are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 'i o'clock p. m,, from the resi-
dent of his parents, 633 Minna street, between
Pevtnth and Eighth: Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
PRAG— In this city. May 14, 1896. Sarah, beloved
daugnterof the late Martin and Rebecca Prag,
and sister of Gussie. Bella, Uattie, Nellie and
Carrie Prag.
jfjr Friends and acquaintances Are re?Dec:-
fiilly Invited to attend the fun-ra! THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. 11.. from her late resi-
dence. SlB Filbert »treut. Interment Hill* of
Kternity Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Towusend streets at 3:30 o'clock p. m.
ROTHWBLL— In this city. May 12, 1896. Anto:ii.>
Florencla, beloved wife of J. • Periy Rothwell,
onlydßn^hterpf Mr. and Mrs. Julius Bandmann.
' and sister of -Charles J. Baudmaun, a native of
. San Francisco.
Friends are respectfully Invited to atten.l
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday) r.t
10:30 o'clock a. m.. at her late residence. 614
Lombard street. Interment i)rivate. •
TAYLOR— In Llvennore, Alameda County, May
IS, 1896, Mary, beloved wife of Judge J. II
Taylor, and mother of E. L.. J. R. and George V
Taylor, a native of Ohio, aged 69 years 5 mouths
Bid 17 .lavs '
I UNITED rXDKKTAKKnS'
EMBALMING - PARLORS.
Every tUing Requisite for Flrst-cla** FuneraU
f ■ . '- at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. - 27 and 29 Fifth st.
MCAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DiaECTORS 4 EMBAI.MkE>i,
tOMitth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
1516
LAID BARE THE
LIVING BRAIN,
A Delicate Operation Per
formed on Robert
Rockwitz.
CURED HIS PARALYSIS.
Pressure Under the Skull Suc
cessfully Removed After
Two Years.
CAN LIVE LIKE A MAN.
After Months of Suffering a Gambler's
Chance Leads to Life and
Strength.
It is not often that a hair's breadth of a
mnn's brain is laid bare and he lives to
tell of it after. It i? not often that the
keen edge of a surgeon's knife cuts into a
The Skull Was Opened and a Small Sac of Fluid Was Found Indenting the
Brain.
man's thought? and he sits up in bed and
relates the story of it, but such an experi
ence has happened to Robert Rockwitz
and he is able and willing to say how it
feels to have half the side of his head
opened to the outer air.
It was probably the most remarkable
operation of its kind ever performed in this
City. It was more than a trephine — it was
a chiseling out of a three-incn, horseshoe
shaped piece of bone, and seven doctors
looked on while it was done and pro
nounced it wonderful.
Two years ego Rockwitz was employed
as shipping clerk in H. Levy & Co.'s whole
sale grocery-house on Market street. He
was well anil strong then, but he was sud
denly stricken with paralysis and within
twenty-four hours was helpless. This was
on the 3d of January, 1594.
About a week before the stroke Rock
witz was struck on tbe back of the neck
with a billiard It hurt him for a mo
ment but the pain passed off. Three days
before he was wrestlirg in friendly rivalry
with a friend and he felt something snap
in his heaa, a short, biting pain, but that
too passed away. Then one morning he
woke up delirious and it was seen that the
left side of his body was dead.
Thousands of dollars and months of pa
tient treatment failed to do any more
than temporarily allay the disease that
had seized bold of him, and finally it was
decided to operate upon him.
It is well known to surgeons that pres
sure on the brain, from whatever cause,
will bring paralysis, and if the paralysis
appears on the left side of the body it is
certain that the right side of the brain is
indented. Therefore it was decided to
open the patient's skull and remove the
cause of the paralytic stroke.
Four weeks ago Kockwitz was assisted
on to the operating-table in his bedroom.
Every piece of furniture, every curtain
and hanging decoration, every picture,
every rug and every shred of carpet was
removed and the floors and walls were
scrubbed with nauseous antiseptics until
the room smelled like a hospital and was
pronounced surgically clean.
Dr. Charles Brigham, who performed the
operation, had decided there was a "clot"
upon the brain. It might be blood, it
mipht be anything, but it was pressure of
some sort. From the fact that the left
arm had just become paralyzed he was of
the opinion that the pressure was to the
right side near the top and just forward of
the highest part of tbe back of the head.
To make sure he decided to open a large
NEW TO-DAY.
WILD~^
With Eczema
I wm a sufferer for eight veare from Eczema, but
now am entirely cured. The palms of my hands
were covered and badly inflamed; little white
blisters appeared, then would peel off, leaving
a red, smooth surface, which would burn like
fire and itch. On the inside of the upper part of
my limbs, Treat red blotches would appear, and
as soon as I became warm, the bnrnlns; and itch-
ing would begin. Right after night I would lie
•wake and scratch, and almost ro wild. I got a
box of Cuticcka, and a bottle of Clticura Re-
b'ilvent, and after a few applications I noticed
tbe redness and inflammation disappear ; before I
had u»ed one box there was not a tiijn of Eczema
left. I can truthfully auoert that $2.00 worth of
Ccticura Kbmedieb cured mo.
JOHN D. rORTE, Pittsbnrg, Pa.
fIriEDT Cent Tbbatmmt. — Wsrm b«th» with Co-
nCßß* Soaf. gentle «,.p!icttioin of Cltic.ba (oint-
ment). «nd mild data of CLiicn«A K»aoLvißT,gir»t*et
of humor cure*.
Sold throoibou* the world. Price, CnnccßA, Sflc.:
BOAr Vie.: Resolvkbt, «oc. »nd 11. Pmu Drco
a»d CIIH Cov-y-. SoU Propi., Boetim.
gg-» How to fcrmtoently Cure Eczema," muled free.
section of the brain, and so, when the pa
tient was fully under the influence of an
anesthetic, he made ready with his chisel
and his mallet, his knives and his needles,
and commenced to chip at the skull around
a lonsr curved line that stretched from the
ear almost to the crown.
It was a most dangerous and delicate
under takine. For an hour the surgeon
clipped and clipped, while the assisting
doctors bent forward with interest in the
outcome of the work. Then, when the
chisel's point had penetrated to the inner
membranes the semicircle of bone was
bent back on that portion still attached,
and the pulsating flesh was disclosed just
! where a sac of fluid had lodged and passed
into it.
Ii was an hour more before the injury
was corrected, the film of bone bent back
and the shaven scalp sewed to its placef
The arteries laid bare had been closed with
catgut ligatures, and every precaution hod
: been taken to prevent a recurrence of the
! trouble.
But the success of the operation was not
known for some time. For three days the
patient lay, weak and half unconscious,
forgetful of what had happened and care
ie^s of what was passing; but at the end of
that time he raised himself and put his
left hand— the hand he had not moved for
two years — to the side of his head, where
the wound pained him.
Now he can move arm and leg, where
before he was powerless. He walks with
but a slight iimp, and the pains which
shoot thronch his arm are hailed with joy,
for he can feel and move, and he is coming
from the valley of the shadow of death.
Yesterda} 7 he was out for a ride. He
went nearly to the park and retired early
last evening, for such an outing is tire
some for a man wlio has just found him
self. It was a gambler's chance, he said
an even thing between a living death and
death itself, with a chance of an existence
worth having in the distance, and, as he
says, he feels like a man — one whose limbs
are quick with life, and not hanging limp
at his side. _
WILL FIGHT THE UNION,
Brewers' Association Declares
War Against Organized
Labor.
Strong Resolutions Passed Pledging
the Organization to Support
Non-Union Men.
There is a fight on between the Manu
facturers' and Employers' Association of
California and the Brewery Workmen's
Union. Incidentally the trades unions
are involved in the struggle, and unless a
compromise ia effected, there will be lively
times before many days.
The Manufacturers' and Employers' As
sociation was organized five years ago for
the sole purpose of combating any organi
zation wnich pretended so assert that all
laborers must belong to some recognized
union. A merry war followed between
the association and the Federated Trades,
in which the former claimed a victory.
For two years there has been a cessation
of hostilities. The recent activity, how
ever, in trade circles has Btirred "up tbe
association, and yesterday they held a
meeting at which the following resolutions
were passed:
Wukreas, By reason of the fact that there is
now no brewer upon the board of directors of
this body to represent the brewers among our
membership, it becomes necessary to take
cognizance directly of difficulties between the
said brewers and trades unions; jind whereas,
it appears that a demand has been made tiy a
trades union, known as the Brewery Work
men's Union, upon the brewers of this City
belonging to this organization that their
breweries shall be unionized— which is to say,
that they shall discharge, forthwith, such oi
their employes as refuse to join the
union in question nnd that in future they
shall employ none but members ot the said
union in «ood standing upon its books; and
whereus, it further appears that in the event
of the refusal of the brewers to unionize their
breweries uy the process above mentioned, it
is threatened that the union In question and
the other trades unions in the City and else
where affiliated with it will declare and en
force a boycott upon one or more of the brew
eries bel nging to tiie members of this associa
tion; now, therefore, be it
Betolvei, That the Board of Manufacturers
and Employers of California by its directors In
regular session herewith declares the demand
of the trades union above recited to be insid
ious and dangerous in the extreme to Individ
ual liberty and to good government; that the
demand for unionization and tiie threatening
of the boycott is especially and deplorably in
jurious to our scarcely reviving Industries and
an absolute estoppel and debarment from the
investment of additional capital in new en
terprises or the extension of those now alr.-ady
established; that it is disastrous in its effects
upon the earning power of every workingmun
in the City because ol the lessening and un
certainty of employment consequent upon the
holding back or abandonment of industrial
projects, and that it is direct and immediate
in the harm done to the unemployed who
might obtain employment if the starting of
new industries we're not discouraged; and be
it further
Resolved, That the Board of Manufacturers
and Employers of California calls upon the
brewers in this organization to resist the de
mands of the union above recited and per
emptorily to refuse to comply therewith, and
to maintain the position heretofore held by
them, which Is to give the workmen full
liberty to belong or not to belong to what they
please; and this organization extends to them
us support and assistance in this controversy
And be it further
Kesolvid, That the brewers who are members
of tiii* body are herewith instructed that in
the event of a boycott being placed upon the
breweries of any of their number they hhnll
each and all of them discharge forthwith from
their employ any and all workmen belonging
to or affiliated with any organization engaged
in prosecuting the said boycott, whether the
same be a trades union, or nut.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1896.
SUPPORTED BY
AFFIDAVITS.
"The Call's" Story About
That Twenty-Dollar
Gold Piece.
A VERY STRONG DENIAL.
The Salcon-Keeper Declares to
Lees That He Has No Back
Rooms.
A VISIT OF DISCOVERY.
Sworn Statements of Notary Justin
Gates and Dr. Peel as to Her
bert's Story.
The story of Harry Herbert's watch and
the $20 gold piece which he says he left
with Saloon-keeper Hesse as a means of
quickening the interest of certain detec
tives in its recovery caused an interesting
and exciting day at the police headquar
ters yesterday.
Captain Lees, who pledges his faith in
Detectives Bee md Harper, did a lot of in
terviewing and developed conflicting
statements enough to meet every possible
direction of the wind.
Detective Bee Is away on a vacation, but
Detective Harper submitted that he did not
know Saloon-keeper Hesse, never was in
his saloon and certainly never received
any money from him for looking out for
Herbert's watch, or for any other purpose.
Harry Herbert denied the essential
points of his story of the day before with
regard to the $20 piece ; declared he never
pave Hesse any money at all, but that
Hesse had told him that he knew Bee and
Harper and Lees personally and would
speak to them about his (Herbert's) case.
Then Hesse took his turn, and declaied
point blank that he did not even know
Bee or Harper, had never seen Harper in
his life previous to that morning and that
neither of them had ever been in his sa
loon. As for back rooms, there was not a
back room to his r-aloon.
All of this was very interesting, not to
say confusing, to the several parties to tde
controversy. While Hesse was repudi
ating acquaintance with the detectives,
Herbert, as he afterward confessed, stood
in amazement, and then Herbert himself,
while repudiating the $20 story of the
night before, furnished his share of enter
tainment to the newspaper men present.
Captain Lees sent Sergeant Colby to
Hesse's saloon to look into the question
of the back room. Hesse was not in at the
time, and his barkeeper was busy explain
ing to the sergeant that there was no back
room, when a Call reporter opened a door
in the rear of the saloon and revealed a
back room.
Now it should be stated just here as dis
tinctly as may be in the midst of all this
confusion that there is no evidence what
ever of any wrongdoing on the part of
Detectives Tee or Harper or any other of
Captain Lees' force, except the unsup
ported statement of Saloon-keeper Hesse,
as given yesterday. The Call is far from
being disposed to give that statement any
more weight than belongs to it, as coming
from a man who confessed to offering the
detectives money, himself believing the
offer to be in the nature of a bribe. Nor,
be it kept in mind, does he even say that
he offered the $20 referred to to any de
tective. What he does say is that he took
the $20 from Herbert with the purpose uf
eiving it to Bee and Harper— and adds
that he has not since seen either of them.
Mr. Hesse's statements and counter
statement? are fo sweeping that they em
barrass him. He says much, and is will
ing to swear that he said nothing. This
does more than brinjr upon him suspicion,
lie says that Herbert gave him $20, and
denies that he said it. He says that he
was accustomed to invite detectives into
the back room of his saloon, and not only
denies that he said it but declares that he
has no back room. Now, that was the
step too far; t>>at is "the lie with circum
stance." He has a back room.
Captain Lees was greatly wrought up
over the matter yesterday, as he had a
right to be. He did not believe that his
oflicers were guilty of wrongdoing. "If I
did," he said yesterday, "if Hesse's state
ments were corroborated in any way, the
officers referred to would be under suspen
sion at this moment. But 1 have known
these men a long time. They have been
serving with mo for twenty years; they
bear an uninterrupted record for probity;
they do not drink; they do not frequent
saloons; I never heard of either of them
going into a saloon.
"That reputation cannot be overturned
by the off-hand allegations of a voluble
saloon-keeper, who perhaps wants to make
it appear that he knows something and who,
called upon to reiterate his statement to
me, denies it. This matter may be brought
before the Police Commission, and these
men will be required to make good their
statements or explain why they thus
lightly attack men of good standing.
Harper and Bee have reputations to lose."
Seen shortly after his interview with
Captain Lees, Harry Herbert said to a
Call reporter: "I denied the statements I
made to you about having given Hesse
$20 because, as I told you last night, I
don't want to get him into trouble. I
have business relations with him all the
time and Ido not wish to disturb them.
They tell me that I have simply been
'flimmed' out of the $20. Well, perhaps.
1 can't help it."
But Captain Lees was somewhat dis
posed to doubt the truth of TnE Call's re
port of the several interviews published
yesterday. That is to say, he was rather
disposed to give credence to the denials
of Saloon-keeper Hesse and of Harry Her
bert. Now, here are some affidavits in
line with The Call's report. Notary Jus
tin Gates was present when Harry Herbert
talked over the affair with the reporter,
wiien he (Herbert) explained why he
wanted his original statement emascu
lated, leaving out the name of Hesse in or
der not to get him (Hesse) into trouble.
Following is an affidavit of the notary:
San Francisco, May 14, 1896.
I, Justin Gates, a Notary Public, swore Harry
Herbert to an affidavit on the night of May 13,
1896. The affidavit was signed by Mr. Herbert
and myself with my official seal, and which
was published in the Call of this date is
correct. In addition to the statements made
in the said affidavit of Mr. Herbert, the latter
spoke very frankly and openly regarding the
fact that he had paid Saloon-keeper Hesse $20
to be turned over to Detectives Bee and Harper
to spur them on iv their efforts to recover the
watch which he claims was stolen from his
room on Hyde street last Sunday night. The
affidavit was sipned and sealed in my pres
ence and that of three witnesses, immediately
outside of the Hyde-street house in which Mr.
Harry Herbert lived.
(Signed) Jrsns Gates.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th
day of May, 189 G.
N. E. W. Smtth,
Notary Puplic in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
Here is an affidavit of Dr. M. C. Peel, a
friend of Harry Herbert, to whom he told
liis story.
San Francisco, May 4, 1896.
I, M. C. Peel, make au affidavit 'to the iacts
here appended: On the 13th of May, 1896.
Harry Herbert told me that his watch and
some money had been 6tolen from his room on
Hyde street during the night of last Sunday.
He likewise said that he had reported the mat>
ter to the police, and had told of the affair to
a friend of his named Hesse, a Larkin-street
saloon-keeper. Hesse, he said, claimed to be
well acquainted with Detectives Harper and
Bee, with whom he had had business trans
actions, and who, if they were paid for
their trouble, would work hard and no doubt
soon recover his watcn. When Harry Her
bert told me this, and said he had given Hesse
$20 for the two detectives, 1 believed he was
being wrongfully assessed, because from my
knowledge of Harper and Bee they would not
entertain such a transaction, and I ro in
formed Eugene Hahn, a Call reporter, of what
I had heard and of my belief. With the re
porter I called at Herbert's place of business,
and to both of us he reiterated the story he
had previously told me. that be had paid Hesse
$20 to be turned over to Detectives Harper and
Bee. M. C. Peel.
Sworn to before me this 14thdavof May,
1896. Justin Gates,
Notary public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
Following is the statement of 6. D-
Harper, detective officer, made to Captain
I. W. Lees, May 14, 1896:
At 9 a. m. I went to the office of Captain
Lees and asked him If he had 6een the article
published in The Call reflecting on Detective
Bee and myself. He said that he had, and
asked me if there wa9 any truth in the article.
I told the captain that there was not one word
of truth in the article, and that 1 did not know
either Herbert or Hesse to my knowledge.
Captain Lees directed me to go to Madison A
Burke'Mjffice for Mr. Herbert and bring him
to the offlee at once. 1 brought Herbert to the
office, and he made a statement to Captain
l^ees, which is herewith attached. After he
made the statement Captain Lees called in i his
stenographer aud ordered him to take Her
bert's statement in full, which was done in
the detective departments, room 6.
Captain Lees then instructed me to co and
get Mr. Hesse and bring him to the cflice. I
went to his saloon and he was not there, and I
learned from the barkt-ei>er that he lived at 0
Urove street. I went there and rang the bell,
and in response Mrs. Hesse came to the door.
1 asked for Mr. Hesse, anil was told to step in.
Mr. Hesse came in, and I asked him if he was
Mr. Hesse, he Raid yes, and I asked him if he
knew me, or if 1 was ever In his saloon. He
said he did not know me and did not recollect
me as ever being in his saloon. I then told
him I was Detective Harper.and asked him if he
had read the p.rticle in Tub Call this morning.
He stated he had and stated that he had never
made any such statements to those men and
wanted to come to this office at once to con
tradict it. I told him ihat Captain Lees re
quested me to come ami get him and bring
him to his office, and he also made a statement
which ir herewith attached.
I desire to state further tnat I never was in
Mr. Hesse's saloon, alone or in company with
Mr. Bee, at any time, and I never had any con
versation of whatever description with the
parties mentioned in the article above referred
to, until 1 whs ordered by Captain Lees to
bring Herbert and Hesse to him this morning.
G. D. Harper,
Detective Police Officer.
FIRE ON FOLSOM STREET
A Hay Barn, Three Dwellings
and Two Stores Are
Destroyed.
The Origin of the Fire Is Not Known,
but Incendiarism Is Sus
pected.
A disastrous tire entailing a loss of over
$10,000 occurred on Folsom street last
night, between Eighth and Ninth, and at
one time it looked as if the entire block
would be burned to the grouud.
About 7:30 o'clock smoke was noticed is
suing from the roof of the hay barn of
Abraham Brothers, 1234 Folsom street.
An alarm was turned in from box 78, cor
ner of Ninth and Folsom, and when the
firemen arrived the flames bad burst out
and it was seen that the barn was
doomed.
A brisk northerly wind was blowing and
carried the flames to 1232 Folsom, a store
and dwelling occupied by William Peck
man. About this time th«re was a loud
explosion in the haybarn, a tank of oil be
ing exploded, and instantly the three
story frame building, 1236 Folsom, owned
by Dr. Botsford and occupied by several
families, caught fire.
Chief Sullivan at once ordered a second
alarm to be rung in, as it was feared that
owing to the inflammable nature of the
buildings in the block the whole would be
consumed. Meantime the two-story frame
building, 1230 Folsom street, owned by
James Durkin and occupied by his son,
had caught lire.
Soon after the extra engines arrived the
further spread of the flames was stopped,
but all the buildings mentioned were
gutted.
Abranams Bros.' lose amounted to about
$1500, and Mrs. A. Boland, who owns the
building, was damaged to the extent of
$2500, $1500 of which is covered by in
surance.
Tbe second building to catch fire was
owned by Mrs. S. H. Peckham and was
valued at $5000. The stock in the station
ery-store was estimated to be worth
$1000 and is a total loss. The building
and stock were insured jointly for $2600.
The total loss to the other damaged build
ings will amount to about $1000, all of
which is covered by insurance.
The origin of the fire is not known, but
there is a strong suspicion that it was the
work of an incendiary. Fire Marshal
Towe will make a thorough investigation.
James Gorman and Timothy Welch,
laborers, refused to move on when re
quested to do so by the police and were
arrested and taken to the City Prison.
Charges of interfering with an officer in
the discharge of his duty and obstructing
a street at a tire were made against them.
P. Gorman, a teamster, living at 1225
Howard street, did not move on quick
enough and a policeman struck him on
the forehead with bis club, inflicting a
wound which was dressed at the Receiving
Hospital.
PARROTT BLOCK BOYCOTT.
The Building Trade* to Fight tb« Occu
pants of the Big liuilding.
At a meeting of the Building Trades
Council last evening after a long and
heated debate a resolution was passed to
place a boycott on the Parrott block and
the occupants thereof.
It was reported at last night's meeting
that the managers of tbe Parrott estate
have violated their agreement with the
afliliated unions and have given Bruschke
another contract, or at least had arranged
matters so that he obtained the work of
finishing the large basement or parts of
it, when it was argued that he should be
allowed only to finish the contracts he
bad on hand at the time of the strike.
It was proposed to again call out all
union men from tbe building on another
strike, but the proposition did not carry,
because the number of union men now
employed there would not seriously affect
the work.
A resolution was passed commending
the Granite Stone-cutters' Union in its
stand and fight against the work on the
Grant monument being performed by con
victs; also denouncing the use of conyict
dressed stone on all public buildings.
The following resolution upon the fund*
ing bill was passed:
Whereas, The Southern Pacific Railroad,
through its hired agents and soulless schemers,
Is trying to debauch Congress and escape the
payment of its just debts to this Government
in a sum something like several hundred thou
sand dollars; therefore, be it resolved, that we,
the Building Trades Council ol San Francisco,
in meeting assembled, denounce the action of
the monopoly and request the Representatives
of this coast in Congress to do all in their
power to defeat the notorious funding bllL
Booked»for Burglary.
Thomas Reynolds, 17 years of age, was ar
rested last night and taKen to the Seventeenth
street station, where he was booked for burg-
L ary n He is accus ed by J. Harrold, blacksmith,
ban Bruno road and Army street, of breaking
into his hotiFe on March 16 and stealing some
articles of jewelry and clothing.
Used Canceled Stamps*
D. W. de Blamford was arrested last evening
by Deputy United States Marshal Gallagher at
the instance of the postal authorities and de
tained at the County Jail oa a charge of using
canceled postage stamps.
BURGLARS AND
THE THREE BALLS.
Daring Thieves in a Wash
ington-Street Pawn
shop.
SECURED A RICH BOOTY
A Variety of Goods Worth a
Thousand Dollars Carred
Away.
DONE BY AN EXPERT GANG.
Detectives Are Unable to Find a
Trace of Either the Plunder or
the Robbers.
Two burglars, evidently experts in their
calling, torced an entrance into Louis
Goodman's pawnshop, 629 "Washington
street, at an early hour last Friday morn
ing and after thoroughly looting the es
tablishment made good their escape, car
rying with tbem goods valued at about a
thousand dollars.
The thieves gained an entrance into the
shop through a glass-paneled door in the
rear, but contrary to their custom did not
break the pane but forced the lock, using
a jimmy to accomplish their purpose.
Once inside their work was easy, as
hanging from the walls and ceiling of the
store were blankets and clothing, which
made it impossible for one to see any dis
tance into the place from the Washington
street entrance.
It is evident that the robbery was a care
fully planned one, and although but two
men gained an entrance it is presumed
that the robbers had confederates stationed
on the outside. Tneir duty was to watch |
the movements of the police and inform i
the thieves inside, who were sacking the ]
plunder, when the coast was clear and \
when to withdraw from the Duilding with- !
out danger of being detected.
A carefnl survey of the premises sur
rounding the pawnshop disclosed the fact
that the goods were carried through a nar- l
row alley leading from a court in the rear '
of the Morgue into Merchant street, and
from there to Montgomery street, where
fa all probability a buggy was in waiting i
to carry the stolen goods to a place of
safety.
A large iron veranda runs along the rear
of the building in which the firm's shop
is located, and this fact has led the police
to advance another theory aa to how the
robbery was done.
In the center of the building on the
Washington-street side is an entrance lead
ing to the second floor, which remains
open night and day. Leading from the
top of the stairs, a narrow hallway runs
to the porch- in the rear, and with tbe use
of a short ladder or a rope it would not i
be a difficult feat to drop down into the i
court below.
Thi» would place a ten-foot fence be- i
tween the thieves and the building, a
trifling obstacle for them.
Robbers are as a rule quite particular as i
to the class of goods they will steal, but '
in this case it was different Pistols,
knives, razors, overcoats, shirts and cheap
alarm-clocks were taken by the greedy
lawbreakers. Nine revolvers of the finest
pattern were stolen, and a valuable maga
zine-rifle also disappeared. A complete
set of hair-clippers, a number of razors,
scissors by the gross and shaving-brushes
in quantities sufficient to stock the estab
lishment of every tonsorial artist in the
City.
Watches and other pieces of jewelry are
also missing, and but one conclusion can
be reached— that the burglars added them
to the bulk of their plunder. White over
shirts, pantaloons, atcond-hand overcoats,
on which hours of labor had been spent in
order to make them good as new, billiard
balls of ivory, a pair of chemist's scales
and opera glasses, accompanied by several
hair and clothes brushes, were bundled
together and carried to parts unknown.
Even suspenders fell into the clutch of
the enterprising visitors, and meerschaum
pipes, with which their original owners
had spent hours of pleasure and which
were highly prized by the owner of the
pawnshop, aie no longer on display.
To complete the steal and also to prob
ably leave behind them- the opinion that!
they were indeed in want of money the
thieves carted away with them numerous
old combs, alarm clocks, canvas valises
and even cracked mirrors.
Detectives have been working on the
case since the morning of the robbery, but
so far they have been unable to find a
trace of even the most worthless piece of
the plunder, let alone the more valuable
goods, which the raw'nshop-owner is anx
ious to recover. The robbery looks like
the work of an organized gang of burglars,
and in that event it will be many weeks
before the criminals are safely lodged be
hind prison barß.
BUTCHERS' GALA DAY.
Marshals and Aids Appointed for the
Parade Next Wednesday Morning;.
The committee on marshals and aids in
connection with the third annual celebra
tion of Butchers' day by the Butchers'
Board of Trade met last night.
It was decided that there should be four
divisions io the parade. Ia the first divi
sion F. C. Winters will be marshal, George
Johnson and W r . H. Moffat aids; second
division — Fred Becker, marshal ; Frank
Hayes. F. Louslalot, FranK Fenner and
Charles Miller, aids; third division — 3.
Meyer, marshal; A. C. Kelly and F.
Meyer, aids; fourth division— M. J. Liv
ingston, marshal; Charles Ilobinson and
L. Claybure, aids.
The following were added to the staff of
the chief aid: Amand Decourtieux Jr.,
H. C. Flageollet. Edward Taaffe. John 8.
Ott, E. P. Clay burg, John Deschler and G.
de Lucca.
Delegations from San Jose, Stockton
and Oakland will meet the local butchers
at Alcazar Hall Wednesday morning. The
start will be made at 9 o'clock, marching
to Powell street, to Market, to Kearny, to
California, thence to the. ferries. Extra
boats and trains will be ;in readiness to
carry the crowds.
When Baby was sick, wo gave her Castorla.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castorla.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria,
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. ■
THE TANDEM SALE
OF MUSLIN UNDERWEAR AND EMBROIDERIES STILL CONTINUES
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW ONLY.
SPECIAL!
THREE NEW SPECIALS FROM DRESS GOODS.
DRESS I I BLACK I I GAUFFRE
GOODS. SILK. SILK.
Fancy Dress Goods, 40 Our entire line of 75c Black 30 inches wide, fancy pat-
Jnches wide, seasonable Figured India Silk. 21 terns in maize, lilac, cerise
stuff. Special to-day, Inches wide. Special price and cardinal; value $1.
to-day, Very special,
I I 5c V"J- I I 5 9 c Yard . I 50c Yard .
| THREE NEW SPECIALS FROM FURNISHINGS.
BOYS' I GENTS' I LADIES' "
HOSE. TIES. GOWNS.
Very heavy, narrow rib, Tpck Ties, swell knots up- Soft finished cambric, col-
fast color, seamless, sizes to-date colors, 50c kind ore(1 embroidery . trim-
6to 10. Special, Very special, meil, ru me on collar, cutfs
and down front, special,
; 15C Pair - 25C Each. $1.50 Fach .
I NOTION SPECIALS. DOMESTIC CHANCES.
Sponges. Soap Sheeting. Gingham.
i G ?t^ a JSS!rt g< £?i,? u * 1 ; >. , SneS « Unbleached, 7-4 full, Manufacturers' rem-
|c: goon value at Made of sprint; wire; good quality, value • nants, I'JiAc erade
-Oe. Special, value 10c. Bpectat, 16c Special, Special price,
1 0c Each. 5c Each. 12^c Each 61c Yard.
SOME GREAT CLOAK OFFERINGS.
60 «S.™S.° 011 CLOTH CAPES, military style, lined ulth fancy silk, 5 rows silk © Q. 50
Btitchln? arouud cape: exceptional value ai?a. On sale for two days at....... .7 «Jj)O__
26 LA DIRS 1 JACKETS, in tan mixtures, buttons on .siDi:, with two large pearl buttons, In- <T> O 50
laid velvet collar, 34 s u k i lnedi size 3 3 ._> to 40; gooJ M $10 Very spe s cl^ .....!. $O —
50 LADIKS' SUITS, In fancy mixtures, jacke.s silk-lined, skirt lined with rustle percaline
ri^2?o4n. t viuiJj«n nd n llSfB . ya?d^ Wlde in blazer or double-breasted effects! C&7.50
sizes 61 to -10; value $10. On sale to-day and Saturday ■. ' «Jn I __
HALE BROS., 937-945 MARKET ST.
TO-DAY'S
SPECIALS!
Friday, May 15.
WASH DRESS GOODS
AT CUT PRICES. .
PRINTED DIMITIES.
AH of this season's styles. ■
Width 28 inches,
Price was 15c. v
Now at 10c per Yard.
• . Both Stores.
BUTTER COLOR POINT
DE VENISE LACES,
4 and 5 inches wide, . "
Fine qualities.
Have been selling; at 50c and 60c.
Now at 25c per Yard.
Both Stores. I
Same 8 and 0 inches wide, .
That were 75c and 85c,
Now at 35c per Yard. '
Both Stores.
Kohlbero- |||
; IVUIUUCI £, | p()ST ST
! Strauss &i—
_, t ■ 1220-122*
Frohman
UOO I™ COHSU KPTIVES I
oB§ 8 c W0 £« In "'" »se of
nurL w "-° "
MI Uk | k Cod Liver Oil and
Phosphates.
It Is worthy of all confidence. It
cures Consumption, Coughs. Colds,
Asthma, Pneumonia, Influenza,
Bronchitis, Debility, Wasting Dis-
eases and Scrofulous Humors.
Be sure, as you value your health, and get the
genuine, as base imitations, said to be good as
Wll DflD'C COD LIVER OIL
if ILDUfI O & PHOSPHATES
Are attempted to be substituted by unprincipled
dealers. They are not, but lack the peculiar vir-
tues of this preparation. If your Druggist does not
keep it, send direct to A. B. WII,BOR, Chemist,
Boston, Mass., the only Manufacturer of this
| preparation.
$75 ™ 4 ROOMS I
M' ~ CONSISTING OF
PARLOR,BEDROOM I dining-rooivi;kitchen j
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard . : 50 Cents ;
Oil Cloth, per yard *5 Cents
Matting, per yard .............. :....'....1.10 Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces ......' *25 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror 825 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell j
OPEN EVENINGS ',
Four-Room CaUlogues Mailed Free. , ' ■-■ .
07 Free Packing and Deliver across the Bar.
COSMOPOIiITAIXr,
Opposite U. s. Mint, 100 and 10J Fifth St., saa
: i ranciaco, Cal.— The moat select family hotel la
the city. Board an j room, $1. $1 96 and $1 50 Per
day, according id room. Meal.-* Ha Ucaiaj, . oi)<j
and 750 a day. if'reo coach to and from the hotal. ,
.Look lor the coacn, bean :,■ the name of the I Co*-
mopolliaa Hotel. * WM. i'AiiLi, f roprietot. . i
rgggiy
AN EVENING
AUCTION SALE
OF-
100 BUILDING LOTS!
•;V. ADJACENT TO THE
MISSION-STREET ELECTRIC ROAD,
WH.Ii BE HELD ■
MONDAY EVENING, MAY 25, 1896,
' At 7:30 o'clock,
At the Salesroom of
O' FAR ELL & CO.,
11 MONTGOMERY STREET,
Under Lick House.
This property is the choicest portion of the E*
celsior Homestead, that beautiful and rapidly
growing sectton of the.city. It is only 25 min-
utes' ride from the City Hall, and all the lots are
positively level and ready to build on.
YOU MIKE THE PRICE !
The terms are the most liberal ever offered, 910
on the tail of the hammer, balance $10 per montht
7 per cent interest per annum on deferred pay-
ments. £M' ,
YOU MAKE THE PRICE!
The title is perfect and will be guaranteed by th«
California Title Insurance Company at the cost oi
$10 per lot.
DO NOT FORGET THE DATE!
MONDAY EVENING. MAY 25, 1896,
At 7:30 o'clock.
Bend or call for Catalogue.
. O*VABBKEX & CO., Auctioneers,
- ' " ' 11 Montgomery Street.
THESICCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILLROOM
Ok- THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET 81
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
§Iw PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
OI'ECIALTY—DIS BASES OF MEN, INCLUD. <•
all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dig.
eases of private nature. OverCOyears' experience
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. «TermJ
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8-:JC
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. r Consultation freeaiid -
sacredly confldentlaL Call or address Q
P. KOSCOE McSCMT, M.D *
i 26<* Kearnj Street, Man rranci»cw, Cal