VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 183.
FOUND DEATH AT THE FEAST
Fatal Panic Among Russian Peas=
ants Who Assembled on the
Hodynsky Plain.
MOUJIKS MADE MAD BY FEAR CRUSHED THE
WEAKER IN THE STAMPEDE.
Hundreds Perished in the Only Calamity That Has
Attended the Brilliant Festivities Connected
With the Coronation of the Czar.
MOSCOW, Russia, May 30.— A terrible '
accident, resulting in the loss of a large
number of lives, occurred here to-day. •
The popular fete of • the coronation cere
monies was held to-day on the Hodynsky
Plain, opposite the Petrofsky Palace, and
it is estimated that fully 500,000 persons
attended. For days past the city has been
full of peasants from many parts of the
country, all awaiting the free feast that
was given to-day. Many peasants had
walked long distances in order to be pres
ent, while others, more fortunate, had ar
rived in the city in vehicles of every de
scription.
Expectation had reached the highest
point, for it was known that to-day's fetes
would excel anything of the kind ever
given in connection with the coronation
of the Czar. Long before daylight the
crowds began pouring in the direction of
the plain, while at an early hour all sorts
of merry-making was indulged in. The
scene was one to be -long remembered.
Great booths had been constructed on the
plain and from them were distributed free
food, free beer and also mugs as souvenirs
of the occasion.
This free. feast, which has always been
the popular feature of coronations, has
hitherto been the occasion of a great deal
of crowding and good-natured fighting for
places on the part of the hundreds ! of
thousands of guests in the city, but no
such gathering was ever witnessed on the
Hodynsky Plain, which has always been i
the scene of popular entertainments end
ing coronation*, us that which assembled
to-day. Everything progressed smoothly
until the distribution of the food and gifts
began.
Then the people in the rear began to
crowd forward, but the police and soldiers !
checked them, and' for a short time there j
was comparative order. Soon, however, !
the crowd in the rear again became impa- j
tient and surged forward despite every
effort to hold them back. Barriers had
been erected in the vicinity of the booths
to prevent excessive crowding, and under
ordinary circumstances these would have
been sufficient for the purpose. The peo
ple in front were swept against the bar
riers, where the enormous weight of the
surging mass in the rear was thrown di
rectly against them.
Mad with pain and fright the people
who -were crushed against the barriers
struggled to get away, but their attempts
were fruitless. Their shrieks were heard,
and this had the effect of further inciting
those in the rear to get forward. Sud
denly the barriers gave way, and with a
rush the immense throng swept forward.
Hundreds of men,, women and children
were thrown down, and to stumble or fall
meant death or serious injury, but no
power could check the crowd, many of
■whom were in a condition of panic The
authorities were helpless, and for a time
the scene baffled description. '
Many persons were killed by being
crushed against the barriers before, they
gave way, and a great number met their
Kate Field, the Talented Writer, Who Died at Honolulu on the 19th Inst.
The San Francisco Call.
death by being trampled npon. The cries
and shrieks of the injured could be heard
above -the tumult of the crowd, and the
effect was heartrending. . '• .V ."
Additional troops were called upon to
assist in quieting and dispersing the peo
ple. This they finally succeeded in doing,
when every effort was made to succor the
injured. Cossacks were placed at the en
trances of the 500 booths on the plain, and
into these, structures were carried the
bodies of the dead. ;
At the time of sending this 'dispatch
(4:50 p. M.) it is impossible to say how
many persons were killed, but the repre
sentative of the United Press, who was an
eye-witness of the whole affair, saw heaps
of bodies in the booths.
While the crush was most intense and
the curses, shrieks and howls of pain were
at their height, an unknown woman was
delivered of a child on the field. No at
tention was paid to them by the maddened
crowd and the mother and the infant were
trampled to death. -wj
Every facility was given for the identi
fication of the dead, but in most cases it
was impossible to recognize them, so
badly were they crushed and disfigured.
A large number of tlie dead were carried
away in ambulances and on tire trucks,
but many bodies are still in the booths.
It is highly probable that many of the
victims who came from a distance will
never be identified. These bodies will be
: interred by the Government. In fact, it
is believed that most of those who were
killed were moujiks from the provinces.
All the victims belonged to the peasant
class. The number of injured is very
large and it is thought many of them will
die. In some case? men had their arms,
legs and ribs broken, and sev»T.".l had t^cir
skulls fractured b> the heavy wooden
shoes of the peasants. The authorities
and members of the Russian Red Cross
Society are taking the best of care of the
injured.
disaster has cast a gloom over the
festivities, these being the first fatalities
that have occurred during the coronation
ceremonies.
The Czar and Czarina, when informed
! of the extent of the disaster, expressed
profound sorrow, and the Czar gave orders
that everything should be done to alle
viate the sufferings of the injured.
The calamity was, not due to any lack
of precaution on the part of the authori
ties, but arose entirely from the eagerness
of the people to enjoy the hospitality of
the Czar.
The fete was held in the presence of the
Czar and a distinguished company of
quests. His Majesty, after visiting the
| booths, the theater in which free perform
ances were given and the saloons, ap
peared at' 3:30 o'clock in a large pavilion
that bad been especially erected and
elaborately decorated for the occasion.
As he appeared the choirs present sang
the National anthem to the accompaai
Continued on Secvnd Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 31, 1896-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Scene at the Presidio yesterday during Irving M. Scott's address to the multitude that had assembled to attend
the Memorial Day exercises in honor of the dead heroes of the Nation. The platform from which Mr.
Scott spoke was built in full view of the Bay, and thousands listened as he spoke of the mournful yet
proud observance of the day set aside to honor those who fell in the defense of their country.
VICTIMS PLACED
IT FINAL REST
Hurried Burial of Many
Who Met Death in
the Tornado.
SERVICES MADE SHORT.
Undertakers Unable to Keep Up
With the Demand for Suita
ble Interments.
IESTITTJTION IN EAST 8T LOUIS
Hundreds Who Escaped the Fury of
the Elements in Danger of
Starvation,
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 30.— One hundred
and twenty-eight victims of Wednesday's
horror were laid to rest to-day in the ceme
teries of this city and East St. Louis. The
total of interments would have been larger
but for the fact that the facilities of the
undertaking establishments were inade
quate to the sudden and pressing require
ments of the situation. Quite a number
of these establishments were in one or an
other of the numerous paths made by the
tornado, and hearses, carriages and coffins
by the score were reduced to kindling.
Hence the demands upon those of the
mortuarians whose plants were in order
were doubled, and as a result there was
more or less confusion and painful an
noyance.
No pretense was made of observing a
time schedule, and in many cases the be
reaved relatives and mourners sat from
early morning until late in the day await
ing the coming of the funeral equipages.
Hearses did treble and quadruple duty,
the hearses being driven at breakneck
speed and returning to the devastated dis
tricts as rapidly as their loads had been
deposited at the door of Hie vault or by
the side of a grave. In several instances a
single hearse bore three caskets, one con
taining the remains of an adult and the
others those of little ones.
At tne graves the religious rites were
abbreviated and addresses of eulogy or
condolence were dispensed with. The in
terments in this city were divided between
Caivary. Bellelontaine. Saints Peter and
Paul, Picket and Hebrew cemeteries, the
two first named receiving the greatest num
MEMORIAL DAY CEREMONIES IN SAN FRANCISCO.
bers. Between 8 and 9 o'clock and 3:30
p. M. two processions passed over Grace
avenue, the thoroughfare leading to the
graveyard of Saints Peter and Paul-
Denominational lines were closed Up,
and there were times when the solemn
words of the committal service of Cath
olics and Episcopalians, Presbyterians and
Methodists, Baptists and Connregational
ists, German Lutherans, Unitarians and
Universalisis were being repeated in dif
ferent cemeteries at the same moment.
Each funeral had its concourse of mourn
ers, and many pathetic and heartrending
scenes were enacted as the mortal remains
of loved ones that but a comparatively
few hours asro cave promise of long and
useful lives were lowered to rest.
A quarter of a million people visited the
scenes of the disaster about aristocratic
Lafayette Park during the morning and
afternoon. At least a fifth of these were
strangers from points in Missouri and Illi
nois, who had taken advantage of the Na
tional holiday and the reduced railroad
rates to see for themselves the havoc that
the tornado had wrought.
The crowds were quiet, orderly and
sympathetic, and not a single case of pil
laging or disorderly conduct called lor
action on the part of the police authori
ties. Furniture-movers and'general team-
sters reaped a harvest in removing house
hold effects from the dismantled residences
in this section, $10, $15 and in some cases
as high as $20 a load being demanded and
paid without demnr. In those poorer
parts of the city where the force of the
disaster had also been felt the willing
ho arts and bands of the more fortunate
went out and were extended to their
stricken neighbors, and men, women and
children, sometimes at risk of limb and
life, aided in removing the humble con
tents of tottering houses and tenements to
a place o! safety.
The interments will be resumed to
morrow, and by nightfall it is expected
that all of the identified dead will have
been laid to rest. The unrecognized bodies
will be held until Tuesday, when such dis
position will be made of those not claimed
as the Coroner may direct.
Three of the principal real estate deal
ers in this city to-night stated to the
United Press that they figured that the
actual real estate loss in St. Louis would
not exceed $10,000,000. The damage to
household property, bric-a-brac, paint
ings, statuary, etc., will, however, swell
this amount nearly $12,000,000 more. The
loss in shade trees and ornamental shrub
bery is beyond computation. Lafayette
Park, for two decades the pride of the
aristocratic "French residents," is but a
memory. Not a tree is left standing in all
its brond domain, and it is surrounded by
a quadrojigle of demolished houses,
many of which can only be located by
the numbers on the adjoining houses that
escaped.
The following additions to roll of death
in this city were made to-day: Additional
dead in 8t Louis— William F. Anderson,
38 years, found in ruins at 606 South
Seventh street; AdolDh Goodman. Wil
Continued on Second Page.
KITE FIELD'S
SUDDEN DEATH
Succumbed to Pneumonia
While Visiting the Ha
waiian Islands.
MADE A NOTED RECORD.
As a Writer and Lecturer the
Talented Woman Attracted
Much Attention.
VERSED IN MANY SCIENCES.
Few Newspaper Workers Were Her
Equal in the Wide Field
of Journalism.
CHICAGO, 111., May 30.— Kate Field is
dead. The sad news was received this
evening in a cablegram reading as follows:
YOKOHAMA— Kohlsaat, Times- Herald, Chi
cago: Kate Field died May 19, Honolulu,
pneumonia. Thcrston.
The sender of the cablegram was the ex-
Minister from Hawaii to the United
States.
Miss Field was born in Ft. Louis in 1854.
Her father, Joseph M. Field, and her
mother, who was Eiiza Lapsley Riddle of
Philadelphia, were able to give her raro
educational advantages and through them
she inherited brilliancy and versatility,
her mother being a charming actress.
Kate was educated in Boston, Italy and
England and traveled all over the world.
She was essentially cosmopolitan.
After her classical education she gave
special attention to musical studies, be
coming a pupil of Garcia and William
Shakespeare, the English tenor. Bbc
made several lone visits to Europe, and
during her stay abroad became corre
SDondent of the New York Tribune, Phila
delphia Press and Chicago Tribune, be
sides doing work for periodicals.
In 1574 she appeared as an actress in
Booth's Theater, New York, where her
dramatic talent asserted itself. Since
leaving the stage she hns devoted
her talents and energies to lecturing and
journalism, in which she achieved the
greatest success. Among her published
works are: "Planchette's Diary," "Ade
laide Ristori," "Mad on Purpose" (a
comedy), "Pen Photographs of Charles
Dickens' Readings," "Haphazard," "Ten
Days in Spain," "History of Bell's Tele
phone."
She founded the National Review sev
eral years ago. and in 1890 began the pub
lication of her famous Kate Field's Wash-
I ington in the National capital. She
! remained the editor, publisher and sole
: owner of the ui.ique weekly publication,
the only one in the world which bore a
woman's name.
An attack of the grip in the winter of
iy<}-95 left her unfitted for her editorial
\ work, and on this account she was com-
I pelled to suspend publication of her paper
and travel for her health, doing occasional
lecturing and light journalistic work.
Last fall Miss Field was sent to the
Hawaiian Islands by the Times-Herald as
special correspondent, and was bo engaged
when removed by death.
During her visit in San Francisco, while
en route to the islands, Miss Field was
given her last public reception at the
Press Club. She was entertained by the
ladies engaged in active newspaper work
in the City, and the reception goes into
the history of the club as one of the notaDle
events held in its rooms.
SUNK AT A LAUNCHING.
One Man Drowned by the Capsizing of a
Pilot Boat After Leaving the
Ways.
NORFOLK, Va., May 30.— An accident
at the double launching at the Newport
News shipyard to-day caused the loss of
one life and the sinking of one of the steam
ers being launched.
In going down the ways the pilot boat
Smith was first. The blocks came from
under one side of her. turning her over on
her side. She went out into the water
about 200 feet and filling rapidly sank.
There were about thirty men aboard and
everybody but one man was saved by the
use of the boats. The Plant Line steamer
Margaret was successfully launched later
on.
CHARGED WITH GRAND LARCENY.
Arrest of John L White, Former President
and Treasurer of the White Loco
motive Works.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 30.— John L.
White, former president and treasurer of
the White Locomotive Works.wbose main
office is at BufFalo, N. V., was arrested last
nif-'ht charged with grand larceny and
lorgery to the extent of $80,000. To-day
he was arraigned and remanded until
Monday, when ne will be given a formal
examination. The arrest was caused by
the present president, Mr. McKenzie. and
involves transactions while Wliite was
president. The delay granted to-day was
at the instance of the prosecuting witness
PLEASURE BOATS UPSET.
Accidents JFolloteed 6y the Droteninff of
Several Persons.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 31.— The police
of Enst One Hundred ana Twelfth- street
station have just .earned at 1 o'clock that
a yacht with several people in it was up
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
set in the Kills late last night and that
several people in it were drowned. An
investigation is being made.
A steam launch which was filled with a
family party that had been out on a few
days'* pleasure cruise ran into one of the
buttresses of the Second-avenue bridge,
over the Harlem River, late last night and
was upset. Five of the party were rescued,
but two, Manol Wolfert and Kate Murray,
are missing.
Portugal's Good Office*.
LISBON, Pobtcgal, May 30.— The news
papers nere state that Portugal has offered
her good offices to Great Britain and Bra
zil to bring about a settlement of the dis
pute regarding the ownership of the island
of Trinidad.
A NEW TO-DAY.
EVERY KIND
OF
HUMOR
FROM
PIMPLES
TO
SCROFULA
Speedily cured by Cuticura Resolvent,
greatest of humor cures, assisted externally
by warm baths -with COTicintA Soap, and
gentle applications of Cuticura (ointment),
the great skin cure, when all else fails.
Sold throughout the. world. Price, CrTtrr«A, 50c.;
Soak Me; Kbsolveht. Soc. »nd »1. I'oTritK Dbuo
■ and Chim. Corp., Sole Prop*., Boston, 11. 8- A. ,
nr~" How to Cure Kvery Humor," mailed fr*e.
aeo§
I COPPER RIVETED
AND
am bottom
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEE*
•OR SALE EVERYWHERE^2
SILVER MEN
BLUE GRASS STATE
Gain Victories During the
Democratic Primaries
in Kentucky.
FIGHTS FOR DELEGATES
Some Lively Times in Several
Conventions in D.fferent
Counties.
CARLISLE IS NOT
Resolutions Approving the Work of
the Administration Are Promptly
Turned Down.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 30.-Frefi sil
ver carried the State of Kentucky to-day
in the Democratic county primaries by a
good majority. The conventions were
called to select delegates to the Demo
cratic district conventions, which meet at
Lexington June 3. Wherever free silver
was indorsed resolutions were adopted de
claring United States Senator Joseph
Blackburn to be the choice for Democratic
nominee for re-election as United States
Senator.
Many counties refuse to indorse Carlisle
for the Presidency and turned down reso
lutions approving the work of the Demo
cratic National administracion. In Louis
ville, the center of the sound-money dis
trict, a most bitter contest was waged.
Eight district conventions were held in
the city. That of the Sixth and Seventh
wards was almost a riot.
In these two wards live the rich business
men, manufacturers and bankers. The
free-silver men were under the leadership
of Captain Jim Williams, who distin
guished himself as one of Jack China's
assistants at Frankfort last winter.
Williams attempted to start the conven
tion going before the arrival of District
Chairman Little Buchanan and was
thrown from the stage by Harry McDon
ald, a burly architect. Mr. Buchanan
had to take the chair by force. A gang of
rowdies from the river made their pres
ence felt, but were awed by the large num
ber of well-dressed men on the other side.
The silver men then went out and held a
convention of their own. The regular
conventions of Louisville and Jefferson
County declared for the gold standard.
The silver men held separate conventions
in five city districts and will make a con
test at Lexington.
Wherever sound money won over the
State the free silver leaders held separate
conventions, their policy being to secure
grounds for a contest befoße the State con
vention.
The county of Jefferson, outside of Louis
ville, was captured for sound money by
the arrival of a special train from this city
bearing all citizens of that section who do
business in this city. Out of sixty-nine
counties heard from forty-nine counties
with a vote of 363 declare for the 16 to 1
idea, and thirteen counties, with a vote of
196, put themselves on record for "sound
money." Six counties witn a total of
seventy votes have contested delegations,
and one county, Campbell, with twenty
one votes, is instructed. There are 910
votes in the convention.
Ten out of the eleven congressional dis
. tricts have gone for free silver. The Fifth
District (Louisville and Jefferson County)
is the only district sending a sound-money
delegation, and many of these are likely to
be thrown oat, owing to the free-silver
contests.
VICTIMS PLACED
AT FINAL REST
{Continued from Flrtt Pagt~\
liam Klenk, Mrs. Mary McCarthy ;
Thomas Pomeley, 317 Chouteau avenue;
Theodore Reis, 2140 Chouteau avenue;
Ben Sylvester, 1418 Ohio; Gus Sterner,
1800 South Broadway; Charles Tamter,
Bethseda Home; Fred G. Wells, 1728
South Ninth; Fred Wells, 7 years, 1728
Soutti Ninth t Samuel Zimmerman, 56
years, 321 Russell; Messing Thomas, diver
for Donk Bros.
Additional missing in St. Louis: John
Rose, 19 years, 2401 Soutn Eleventh street;
Joe McLaughlin, 26 years, 4338 Fairfax;
Moliie Thurns, 35 years, Graviers and Jef
ferson ; G. Meyer, 60 years-, Hamburg, 111. ;
Sidney Foster, 28 years, formerly of 3359
South Seventh; Joe Heenan, 37 years,
Sixth, near Popular; Charles W.Hitledge,
10 years, 623 Chestnut.
Additional unknown dead: Three un
known men from the Dolphin found at
the foot of Washington avenue.
Ed App of Chicago arrived in the city
to-day and proceeded immediately to the
ruins at Seventh and Rutger in search of
his parents. He was informed that they
had been buried there during the storm.
The street departm-jnt has a large force of
men at this point cleaning the rubbish in
order to make traffic possible. About
twenty-five men are working on the ruins
of the demolished tenement houses. It is
certain that there we more bodies under
the ruins.
Rutland Arbuckle, an employe of the
Vandalia carshops, is dying to-night at his
home on West Morgan street. He had an
awful experience Wednesday night. He
was in the Vandalia carshops, East St.
Louis, when the baildine was struck, and
a heavy beam falling in killed two men
and struck Arbuckle. Four ribs and a leg
were broKen. In that condition, amid the
fury of the storm, he crawled to the east
appoach of the Eads bridge. Across this
structure he crawled in a manner miracu
lous, and managed to reach a drugstore at
Pendleton and Olive streets, five miles from
the starting point. There he fainted and
was placed on a stretcher and carried
home.
Reports of loss of life at the City Hos
pital were greatly exaggerated. ' It is pos
sible that four or five bodies are yet in the
ruins of that institution. A corps of fire
men is making a systematic search of the
ruins. Superintendent Dr. Otto Sutter,
who ought to know, does not believe that
more than five will be taken from the de
molished building. How the patients es
caped is a miracle. Although a liberal es
timate places the number of missing at
fifty, Dr. Sutter thinks most of them ran
away and are still alive. It is a hard mat
ter to get a correct list of the missing.
Records w«re destroyed and new histories
will have to be made for every patient.
There is still a probability that tome of
the 300 employes of the St. Louis Refriger
ator and Wooden-Gutter Company, lUOO
South Second street, are in the ruins of
that firm's immense plant. The loss of
the company will be at least $175,000.
Four schoolgirls are reported buried be
neath the ruins of Soulard Market. They
are said to nave been passing the market
when it blew over. No search of the ruins
is being made.
Up to 9 o'clock to-night the relief com
mittees report that $151,000 has been sub
scribed toward a fund for alleviating the
distress of the tornado victims in St. Louis.
The condition of affairs in East St. Louis
is growing alarming. The residents of
that territory located near the river and
known locally as the "island" are facing
starvation. There is little to eat and no
money with vhich to purchase it. There
is only one store in that section that was
not totally destroyed by the storm. Here
bread and cheese are the only things
on sale. Bread is 10 and 15 cents a ioaf.
The storm claimed four more victims to
day in East St. Louis. They were William
Welsh, Charles Collis, Christiana Wind
house and Henry Vitz. All of them died
at St. Mary's Hospital, where they were
taken Thursday monfing.
Mrs. Anna Hennessy, William Goodwin
and a man named Angel are hourly ex
pected to die at the same institution. No
more bodies were taken from the "island"
during the past twenty-four hours, and
the work of searching for the supposed
dead in the ruins has been practically sus
pended on account of the much more
urgent need of relieving the suffering of
the injured, feeding the hungry and af
fording shelter to the homeless. Each of
the three local undertaking establishments
buried about ten bodies to-day. Hearse
horses were not unhitched. The roads
leading to St. Peter's, St. Henry's, Cal
vary, Mount Cancel and the city cemete
ries grew dusty with the passage of fu
neral corteges this afternoon.
A large number of militia tonts expected
from Springfield will arrive shortly. This
will go a lonj? way toward furnishing
shelter for the homeless. They will be
pitched on convenient vacant lots and
will bring the sufferers together in a form
that will render their relief more easily
effected.
The members of the executive or relief
committee and the Woman's Relief Corps
are working like beavers. People on the
"island" are sleeping, the majority of
them, in the open street. The militia and
police together furnish little protection
against vandals, and they are guarding
their residences by night and searching
for their belongings by day. Out of the
many families rendered homeless some
200 have found shelter in freightcars.
These are the latest summaries corrected
to midnight: Known dead in St. Louis
187, unknown dead in St. Louis 11, fatally
injured in St. Louis 20, missing in St.
Louis 60; kno*n dead in East St. Louis
145, unknown dead in East St. Louis 5, fa
tally injured in East St. Louis 3. Total fa
talities 427.
Injured in St. Louis (estimated) 800; in
jured in East St. Louis (estimated) 350.
CICLONE AND CLOUDBURST.
Twenty-Five Live* J.ott in a Fresh Mis-
souri Disaster.
SENECA, Mo., May 30.— At least twen
ty-five lives lost is the estimate of the fa
talities resulting from a cyclone ana cloud
burst which struck this place at 7 o'clock
last night. The same number of buildings
were wrtcked and a dozen swept from
their foundations by the deluge.
Among the dead whose bodies have not
yet been recovered are the following: J.
T. Williams and live members of his fam
ily, Anderson family of five, Mrs. Harry
Robinson and child. Carl Schmidt and
family of four. Harry White and wife,
Mrs Dehler and three children, four known
persons who were visiting here, H. An
dreas and family of four.
All the Btores are flooded and the iron
bridge across Lost Creek was carried away
by flood and wind.
The storm also visited Neosho, where V.
S. Wood was killed, the only victim.
Every stream in the surrounding country
is out of its banks and several bridges on
the St. Louis and San Francisco road were
swept away in the torrents. All the
streams in Southwestern Missouri had
been filled to their capacity, and this sud
den surplus will ruin thousands of acres of
grain. Many farmhouses are reported
blown over and water covers a vast area of
land. \
BRIGHTON, Coio., May 30.— A severe
windstorm followed by hail and rain and
amounting almost to a hurricane, de
scended upon the country north of this
city, shortly after 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Three inches of hail descended in almost
as many minutes. Crops in the vicinity
were almost entirely destroyed. Several
section men were injured north of town.
Chimneys were blown off farmhouses and
panes of glass were broken. Cattle on the
plains about this city suffered awfully.
The bail which fell was as large as hen's
eggs and the noise during the storm deaf
ening.
CHEYENNE, W to.; May 30.— A sudden
stor i came up this afternoon and a per
fect deluge of water fell. This was followed
by hail and thunder and lightning. The
railroad between this town and Orange
Junction has been washed away.
PRESBYTERIANS ADJOURN.
They Denounce the Unspeakable Turk and
the Use of Public Money for Sec
tarian Purposes.
SARATOGA, NY., May 30.— The Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyterian church,
which has been in session here for three
weeks concluded its labors this afternoon
and adjourned sine die.
The New York Presbytery case was con
sidered and a report by the judicial com
mittee, confirnring its deliverance of 1895
on the subject and recommending the ap
pointing ol a committee of five to prepare
a constitutional rule regulating the power
ol general assemblies and presbyteries, to
superintend the education and care of can
didates for the ministry, to be reported to
the next General Assembly, was adopted.
A third resolution praying for the speedy
extinction of the Turkish empire was
adopted, as was one against the appro
priation of public moneys for sectarian
purposes.
The subject of bigamous marriages and
the foreign missionary churches was
raised to-day on a resolution offered in
answer to an overture from the Utah Pres
bytery forbidding the recognition of dual
marriages in India and China.
After routine business the assembly ad
journed sine die.
Disasters C*u*e a Failure.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 30.— The United
Elevator Company of this city was placed
in the hands of a receiver to-day. Tne
company controls ten elevators along the
river front here, on both shores, and is
capitalized at $ •2,000,000. For over a year
the concern has been losing money.
Wednesday night's disaster effectually
sent the concern to .the wall. Six ele
vators were partially or totally destroyed,
with a total loss of $300,000.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
OVER A STRAIGHT
BUT LONG COURSE
Ninety-Six Wheelmen Enter
Denver's Annual Road
Race.
DEAN IS THE WINNER.
His Maiden Contest, and the
Riders Are Surprised by
the Performance.
HACHENBERGER'S FAST TIME.
Easily Defeats Hughes, Who Recently
Won Some World's Records
in Colorado.
DENVER, Colo., May 30.— The annual
road race on the twenty-five-mile straignt
away Brighton road was won by John P.
Dean, Denver Wheel Club, in 1:09:43,
starting with a handicap of six minutes.
The time prize was won by O. B. Hachen
berger, Arapahoe Wheel Club, scratch man,
in 1:06:53. He finished twenty-sixth. M.
M. Kreutz won second time in 1:08:08,
and E. Tyler Smith third in 1:08:09.
Dean, the winner, rode to-day his first
race, though he has been pacing A. B.
Hughes on the quad for some time. He is
20 years of age and a well-built athlete.
Hachenberger is the phenomenal rider of
last year's Labor day road race over the
same course, who won both time and place
and made a world's record of 1:04:47.
Owing to rains last night and this morn
ing the track was slow, and especially so
for the first seven miles. The weather
was cloudy and cool.
Great interest was taken in this road
race, and the training had been thor
ough. All of the ninety-six men to start
finished the course, nine making the dis
tance under 1 :10 and fifty under 1 :15. Al
though Huchenberger was generally ex
pected to win the time prize, the winning
man was not easily pirked out in advance.
Especial interest was taken in the rivalry
existing between A. B. Hughes, who re
cently won some world's records on the
Denver Wheel Club's track, and Hachen
berger. Hughes had a handicap of one
minute, but ended forty-eighth in 1:09:35.
It is asserted that Hachenberger did not
try to ride fast after he had beaten his ri
val, A. B. Hughes, but paced and managed
some of his club associates along the
route.
Stephen McGinnity, a deaf mute, having
a handicap of eight minutes, led the pro
cession past Brighton by a full haif mile,
and was riding like a demon, but a fall
threw him. back to fou rth place. His time
was 1:12:26 The first ten men to cross
the tape were J. P. Dean, P. M. Ritchey,
Ben Wright, Stephen McGinnity, E. R.
Pynchon, G. 8. Dobbins, J. H. Spence,
Guy Cady, E. J. Merriman and H. Roller.
There were no serious accidents, and the
best of order was observed both at the
start and at the finish. The excursion
trains carried to the scene 2500 spectators.
REN FOR RICH STAKES.
Decoration Itay Handicap* the Attraction
on the Racetrack*.
CHICAGO, 111., May 30.— The $1500
mile and a quarter Decoration Day handi
cap, the principal event at Lakeside to
day, was won rather easily by Sunny.
Meddler in the first race was the only
favorite to win. Attendance 8000.
Six furlongs, Meddler won, Freddie L. T.
second, Lucinda third. Time, 1 :li») 2 .
Four and a half furlongs, Easter Eve won,
Vennessa Becond, Ethel Farrell third. Time.
:58>i.
Six furlongs, Ramona won, Dominico second,
Datco third. Time, 1 :19^.
Decoration Day handicap, one and a quarter
miles, Sunny won, Kedskiu secoud, Elusive
third. Time, 2:15&.
One mile, Ashlana won, Excuse second, Terra
Archer third. Time, 1:51^.
Six furlongs', Weola won, Panout second,
Irene Woods third. Time, 1:19.
MORRIS PARK RACETRACK, N. V.,
May 30. — The excellent programme pre
sented here to-day was the means of at
tracting one of the largest crowds in the
history of this track— a conservative esti
mate places the number at 20,000 persons.
Among the big events on the programme
were the races for the Eclipse and Tobog
gan stakes. The former was won by Don
de Oro. The Toboggan stakes were cap
tured by Hastings, who went to the post
an odds-on favorite. .
Seven furlongs. Sir Dixon won, The Swain sec
ond, Buckrene third. Time, I:2BVi.
One mile, Shakespeare II won. Benamele sec
ond, Formal third. Time, 1:42^4,
Eclipse stakes, six furlongs, Don de Oro won.
Dr. Sheppard second, Chittinger third. Time.
1:1S&
Toboggan Btakes, six furlongs, Hastings won
Hanwellsecond, Sherlock third. Time, 1 :12S/i.
Five furlongs, Mcliride won, Robert Bonner
second, Courtship II third. Time, 1:01.
One mile and a quarter, Clifford won.Keenan
second. Time, 2.-11V4-
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, May
30. — Twenty thousand people took ad
vantage of a delightful holiday and the
great card offered. The Memorial handi
cap was the feature. Old Ida Pickwick won
it by a nose from Ben Holladay. Loki,
the favorite, was eight lengths behind.
Three favorites, one eecond choice and
three outsiders got the money.
Five furlong*. Burlesque won, George Rose
second, Belle Bramble third. Time, 1:01^.
Six and a half furlongs, Blanche Kenney
won, Mesh second, Hoffman third. Time. \Tfi,
Four furlongs, Madrilene won, Minnie
Murphy second, Charm third. Time, :50.
Memorial handicap, one and a quarter miles,
Ida Pickwick won. Ben Holladay second. Loki
third. Time. 2:08.
One mile and twenty yards, Islin won, Jake
Zimmerman second, Judge Denny third.
Time, 1:42 V*.
Six and a half furlongs, Fred Barr won,
Robinson second, Doorga third. Time, l:O3 :t^.
Six and a half furlongs. Letcher won. Law*
anda second, Hulbert third. Time, I :2\)\.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 30^-The storm of
Wednesday has not interfered with racing
at Fair Grounds, and 5000 people were
present to-day. The Memorial handicap,
worth $2000, was won by Assignee, who
ran away from the held.
Bix furlongs, San Pancras won, Jovial second,
Hush third. Time, 1:15.
Five furlongs, Ceioso won, Typhoon second.
Satyr third. Time, 1:02.
Six furlong, Neutral won, Conntantine sec
ond, Amelia May third. Time, I:ls}£.
Memorial handicap, nine furlongs, Assignee
won, Ramiro second, Lyda third. Time, l:s3'i
Five furlongs, Tartarian won, Dora H. Wood
second, George F. Smith third. Time, 1 :01J a .
One mile.Blng Binger won, Braw Scot bec
ond, Whisper third. Time, 1:41^.
ON LINCOLN`S NEW TRACK.
Xhe Xebraska Record Lowered by a Fifth
Of a Second.
LINCOLN, Nkbb., May 30.— Lincoln's
new bicycle track, which promises to be
come famous for State meets, was opened
to-day. CracK riders from Nebraska,
Kansas and other States were present and
the short distance events were character
ized by very fast going. In the fourth
event a collision occurred between G. A.
Maxwell of Win field. Kans., and the pac
ing tandem ridden by local men. After
a protracted wrangle, the race was de
clared no contest, and. by way of substitu
tion, Maxwell ran against the State record
paced by atendeni and made the half mile
in 1:00 1-5. winning an extra prize of $50
and lowering Nebraska's record by one
fifth of a second. In the second event A.
E. Yule, a local scorcher, fell and was
badly injured. Summaries:
One mile, novice— Rezin Ben net, Lincoln,
won; J.E.Craig, Blue Springs, second ; Fred
Joers. Lincoln, third. Time, 2:40.
Half a mile, open, professional — G. A. Max
w«ll, Winfield, fcans.,won; J. A. Bailey Jr.,
Lincoln, second; O. W. Mcßride, Lincoln,
third. Time, 1 :05 1-5.
Quarter of a miie, amateur, open — H. C.
Gadke, Omaha won ; C. C. McDowell, Fairbnrv,
second; Gus Gocke, Waco, third. Time, :33 3-5.
One mile, open— H. E. Fredericks, Omaha,
won; O. W. Mcßride, second; J. A. Bailey Jr.,
third. Time, 2:30. Race declared off on ac
count of collision.
Half a mile, boys' race, Rezin G. Bennet won,
Fred E.Anderson of Lincoln second, Fred Walk
of Lincoln third. Time, 1:20.
One mile, amateur, open, H. C. Gadke won,
Charles Thompson of West Point second, Gus
Gocke third. Time. 2 :50.
Half a mile, lap race, G. A. Maxwell won, H.
E. Krederickson secoud, J. A. Bailey third.
Time, 1:11%.
Two-mile handicap, Gus Gocke (20 yards)
wen, Charles Thompson (40 yards) second, J.
V. Craig (40 yards) third. Time, 5 :23.
Exhibition half-mile against State record, G.
A. Maxwell, paced by tandem, flying start.
Time, 1 :00 l-5\
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Winners in the Twelve Games Flayed on
Eastern Diamonds.
BOSTON, Mass., May 30.— The game of
this morning passed off quietly and with
out special incident after the trouble yes
terday. It was a Sullivan victory and he
pitched great ball, especially with men on
bases. Attendance 6000. Score:
Bostons. 32000001 «-6 « 6
ClevL-lands 00010 00 0 I—2 6 3
Batteries— Sullivan and Bergen; Young and Zim
mer. Umpire— Keefe.
Cleveland outbatted and outplayed Bos
ton this afternoon. Wallace gave three
bases on balls in succession in the first,
but afterward settled down and pitcned
good ball. Cleveland drove Stivettsont of
the box in the third, Nichols replacing
him. Score:
Bostons 40 1 10 0010—7 13 3
Clevelands 02416 10 0 o—l4 17 3
Batteries— Stlvetts and Bergen; Wallace ana
O'Connor. Umpire— Keefe.
BROOKLYN, N. V., May 30. — The
Brooklyns were fortunate in making their
hits at times when they were mostly
needed in this morning's game. Score:
Brooklyns 2101 0O 0 0 *— 4 7 4
Chicaeos 0010 00 0 10-2 6 1
Batteries— Ken ni'4y and Burrill: Terry and Don
ahue. Umpire — llurst.
Victory came easier to the Brooklyns in
the afternoon game. McFarland failed to
hold down the home team until after the
fourth inning. During the first four in
nings the Brooklyns made eleven hits and
earned five runs." La Chance's catch of a
foul fly was tiie feature. Score.
Brooklyns 4 3 110 0 0 0 o—9 11 2
Chlcagos 00100 00 0 0-1 4 4
Batteries— Daub and Burnll; McFarland and
Kittredge. Umpire — Hurst.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 30.— Pitisburg
took on an awful ban ing streak this
morning and won from Washington. Mc-
James was batted out of the box in t c
fifth inning, and German, who succeeded
him, fared little better. Attendance 4500.
Score:
Pittsburss 11125700*— 17 18 6
Washington* 0200 11324—13 18 5
Batteries— Klllen and Sugden: McJames, Ger
man and McGulre. Umpire— Emslie.
Washington won the game from Pitts
burg this afternoon by hitting Hawley at
the right time. A poor decision by Emslie
in the second inning knocked the visitors
out of two runs. Score:
Washinirtons. 0300 00 3 11—8 12 1
Pittsburgs 000010000—1 8 8
Batteries— Morcer and MuOJuire, Hawley and
Sugdeo. Cmpire— Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 30.—Phila
delphia easily defeated St. Louis this
morning. The local players batted hard.
Wnile McGill was effective, Donahue and
Kissinger were ineffective. Attendance
8000. Score :
Phlladelphlao 33343300*— 19 18 2
8U LouU 000203010— 6 8 4
Batteries— McOill and Boyle; Donahue, Kis
singer and Murphy. Umpires— Henderson and
Carupbeil.
Philadelphia downed St. Louis again
this alternoon^\nd the victory is the sev
enth successive one for the home club.
As was the case this morning, the local
team won by.free hitting. Score:
Philadelphias 16 oOooooo— 7 11 0
SU Leu!* 000001000—1 0 8
Batteries— Taylor and Clements, Hart and Mc-
Farlaud. Umpires— Uendorson and Campbell.
BALTIMORE, Md., May 30.— There was
a large element of luck in the morning
game, to which the champions largely owe
their victory. Attendance 2845. Score:
Baltimore* ..2 3010 00 0 *— 6 18 4
Cincinnati 13000 1000—6 10 a
Batteries— MoMahon and Robinson; Fisher,
flwyer and Vaughn. Umpire— Weldman.
The afternoon game easily went to the
home team, Fisher being hammered for
eighteen hits with a total of twenty-four
bases. Score:
Baltimore* 10 00 3 3 110-9 18 A
Cincinnatis. 1001 00 0 1 3— 6 12 4
Batteries— lloffer and Robinson; Fisher and
Vaughn. Umpires— Lynch and Weidmau.
NEW YORK. N. V.. May 30.— The New
Yorks defeated the Louisvilles this morn
ing before 6000 spectators. The visitors
could not hit Meekin, who received tine
support. Score:
New Yorks 2203 20 3 2 •— U 14 2
Louisvllles 000011011—4 8 4
Kiiiterips— Meelcln and Wilson: McDermott,
Smith and Miller. Umpire— Sheridan.
The afternoon came was one of the best
played and most exciting that has been
seen here in years. Frazier had the New
Yorks completely at his mercy, and won
golden spurs by his display of nerve in the
last inn In >r. "\Vith the bases filled and two
men out, Tiernan, who had already made
three hits, came to the plate. Frazier got
a couple of strikes on him, and finally
made him pop a fly for the shortstop,
which ended the game in Louisville s
favor. Attendance 16,000. Score:
New Yorks 200000010-S 4 2
JLouitvlUes 102200000- 5 10 3
Batteries— Clarke and Wilson ; Frazier ana War
ner. Umpire — Sheridan.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 30.—Mana
ger Sbettsline of the Philadelphia Club to
day gave Pitcher Inks ten days' notice of
release.
FAMOUS ATHLETES ATTEND
Carnival of Sport* Arranged by the Sew
Jersey Club,
BERGEN, N. J., May 30.— Thousands of
men and women thronged the grounds of
the New Jersey Athletic Club to-day to
witness the "carnival of sports' ' arranged
by that organization. The three famous
athletes— Conneff, the one-mile champion ;
Kilpatrick, holder of the half-mile record,
and the invincible weight-thrower,
Mitchell — were on hand to try and outdo
their previous performances. Neither man
came anywhere near bis previous mark,
however, and Conner! not only did not
equal his own record in the one-mile run,
but was defeated by a comparatively new
sprinter who crossed the line seven sec
onds ahead of the champion.
880-yard novice, won by W. J. Holt, George
town. Time, 2 :11 4-5.
880-yard run, C. J. Kilpatrick won In
1:56 3-5.
75-yard dash, won by Joseph Conner, X. X.
A.. :7 4-5
Putting shot, won by E. Sheldon, Yale, 41
feet 11)^ inches.
Pole vault, won by C. F. Hamilton, Hamilton
A. C, Brooklyn, with a height of 10 feet to his
credit.
Sixteen-pound hammer, James 8. Mitchell,
the champion, went against his own record of
140 feet 11 Inches, but only got the hammer
as ft»r as 134 feet 9% inches.
880-yard run, won by H. D. Bannister, N.
J. A. c. Time, 2:01.
ON NANBAJIAN FIELD
Annual Championship* of the Intercol
legiate .tM*nciatton.
MANHATTAN FIELD, N. V., May 30.—
The final struggle for championship hon
ors at the twenty-first annual champion
ships of the Intercollegiate Athletic Asso
ciation began this afternoon on Manhattan
Field, in the presence of an immense
throng.
440-yard run, won by T. S. Burke, Boston.
Time. :5O 2-5.
Throwing 16-pound hammer, C.Chadwick of
Yale won; 132 feet 615 inches.
One-mile run, J. O. Jarvis, University of
Pennsylvania, won. Time, 4:28 4-5.
120-yard^iurdle, Perkins of Yale won. Time,
lo 1-5.
High iump, won by I. D. Windsor, University
Pennsylvania; 6 feet 1 inch.
100-yard dash, won by Wefers of George
town. Time, 9 4-5 seconds. Breaks intercol
legiate record and equals the world's record,
of which Wefers is already one of the holders.
One-mile walk, won by F. C. Thrall of Yale.
Time, 6:54 2-5.
Broad jump, won by L. P. Sheldon, Yale, 22
feet % inch.
Hali-mile run, won by E. E. Holdster, Har
vard. Time, 1:45 4-5. Breaks intercollegiate
record.
220-yard hurdle, won by Bremer, Harvard.
Time, 25 seconds.
220-yard dash, won by Wefers, Georgetown.
Time :21 1-5. Wefers' time beats all world's
records, professional and amateur. Four
wutches agreed.
Pole vault, won by F. W. Allis, Yale, 11 feet
1» inches.
Points— Yale 43J£, University of Pennsylva
nia 22!,', Harvard 14, Georgetown 10, Colum
rna -'2, Boston 5. Yale wins championship,
Lmversity of Pennsylvania second, Harvard
third.
LOS ANGELES RACES.
Finals Decided at the Xaticnal Circuit
Meet of Wheelmen.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 30.— Tie
finals at the National Circuit Wheelmen's
meet at Athletic Park this afternoon,
under the auspices of the Citrus Wheel
men, resulted as follows:
One mile novice, won by R. D. Mnssey, Guy
Rogers second, \V. J. Hution third. Time,
2:35.
Half mile, open, professional, won by C.
Canton. W. a. Terrell second. Time, 1:25 1-5.
One mile, open, amateur, won by Fritz Lacy,
Stimson second, Ulbricnt third. Time, 2:28.
Two-mile handicap, won by Stimson, Ul
bricht second. Bell third. Time, 4:48 2-5.
One mile, open, professional, won by Mo-
Farland, Whitman second. Time, 2:32 4-5.
Twenty-five mile team race, Riverside u on
with Shoemaker, Cox ana Scott. Time,
1 :07 ;27,
MARRED BY RAIN
Many of the Cleveland Wheel Club Races
Ihclared Off.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 30.— The bi
cycle races under the auspices of the Cleve
land Wheel Club were interrupted by rain,
many of the events being declared off.
Summaries of finished events:
One mile, novice, F. Leland won. Time,
2:33 1-5.
Half a mile, open, A. I. Brown won. Time,
1:08 4-5.
One mile, F. Leland (90) won. Time. 2:17 2-5.
One mile handicap, 11:40 class, R. B. Suther
land won. Time, U :J7 'A-b.
The Chicago Road Rase.
CHICAGO, 111., May 30. —The tenth an
nual Chicago road race was run this morn
ing over the new course from the town of
Wheeling to Garfieid Park, a distance of
twenty-five miles. It was the most hotly
contested race in the history of Chicago
road races and was won by O. P. Nelson of
the Monitor Club, a nine-minute man, by
a wheel. C. Levin of the Pizen Club, also
a nine-minute man, was second, only a
wheel's length separating him from J. W.
Bell of the Irving Park Club, an eignt
ruinute man, who was third. The win
ner's time was 1:12:54. Five hundred and
six men started in the race. The winner
of the time prize was F. B. Murphy, a five
minute man, North Shore Club, who rode
the course in 1:09:22.
Good Rowing Races.
KWW V^RK, N. V., May 30.— The thir
tieth NUtgal r»gatta on the Harlem River
to-day funu- . . >;ne of the best rowing
races that have bceii seen in this vicinity
for many a day. In addition to local con
tests of a stirring nature, the senior eight
oared crew of the University of Pennsyl
vania raised a whirlwind of excitement by
defeating the First Bohemians, who have
vanquished nil comers for two years.
The University of Pennsylvania also car
ried off the honors in the junior eight,
in which they had two entries. The day
was perfect. A revenue cutter was present
to keep the course clear under the new law.
Collapse of a Grana Stand.
MEADVILLE, Pa., May 30. — During
the progress of a game of ball between
Grove City and Allenhany City College
clubs at College Park to-day, the grand
stand collapsed and a iarjje number of per
sons fell a distance of fifteen fesU A trav
eling man named Hull had his skull frac
tured and was otherwise seriously bruised.
He was taken to the hospital. A boy
named Day had an arm broken and sev
eral others received minor injuries.
An Eleven-Mile Road Race.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 30. — The
eleven-mile road race of the North-side
Cycling Club was won to-day by E. M.
Kelly of the Cream City wheelmen, who
started from the seven-minute mark. The
first time prize was won by Morgan
O'Brien, who started from the scratch and
covered the eleven miles in 30:37.
Xo Match for "The Kid."
BROOKLYN, N. V., May 30.-Kid Mc-
Coy of Indianapolis and Dick Moore of St.
Paul fougtit a ten-round bout at the
Empire Theater to-night. Moore fought
gamely, but was no match for McCoy, who
punished him severely. McCoy eot the
decision.
Won by the liutte*.
BUTTE, Mom., May 30.— A football
game between Butte and All Nebraska
was Dlayed here this afternoon and re
sulted in favor of Butte by a score of
22 to 0.
MET DEATH AT THE FEAST
Continued from Flrtt Page.
ment of the massed military bands. The
effect was grand and soul-stirring.
Later in the day 700 heads of villages
were given a banquet at the Petroffstcy
palace. The air was beautiful throughout
the day. The great Hodynsky plain, on
which Napoleon massed his troops before
marching into the city of Moscow is
ilanked on the sides by the exhibition
buildings and the Moscow race course, and
extends indefinitely into the country.
Unon it besides the multitude who en
joyed the hospitality of the Czar i:i eating,
drinking and indulging in all sorts of
games and witnessing various perform
ances, was encamped a vast army of sol
diers, consisting of eighty-three battalions
of infantry, thirty squadrons of cavalry,
seven sotniasof Cossacks and fourteen bat
teries of artillery, which the Emperor will
review on June 7, the last day of the fes
tivities.
The part of the plain devoted to the
festivities was directly in front of the pal
ace. This wide, grass-covered space was
inclosed with Venetian masts hung with
bunting, flags and shields bearing the arms
of the various cities and provinces of Rus
sia, and within were booths, tables, open
air theaters, merry-go-rounds, circuses
and swings almost innumerable.
Surrounding these were hundreds of
wooden booths filled witn food, such aa
bread, cake, sausages, meat pies and
caviar.
In each booth was an immense cask of
malt liquor or mead, the food and drink
being free to all who chose to come and
partake of it.
Throughout the night there was a con
stant stream of persons making their way
to the plain, in order to be among the first
when the food and presents should be
ready for distribution, and so dense a mass
of humanity as had gathered there, even
in the earlier hours of the morning, was
never witnessed in Russia.
CAUSE OF THE DISASTER.
Wild Scramble* Followed the Throwing
of Gifts Into the Crowd.
MOSCOW, Russia, May 30.— The dis
aster has greatly moved the entire city
and many groups gather in the streets and
in the doorways of the houses discussing
the sad affair and listening to the stories
related by eye witnesses.
Some persons declare that the blame for
the accident belongs to the police, who
failed to arrive on the ground sufficiently
early to obtain control of the assembled
crowds.
Comparatively few police officers were
on the Hodynsky plain at 6 o'clock this
morning, at about which time the disaster
occurred. There were then 200,000 persons
present.
About 1000 attendants prepared to dis
pense the gifts to the populace, but find
ing themselves unable to distribute the
refreshments and souvenirs fast enough
by handing them to the applicants they
threw the memorial cups and packets of
food into the crowds, and this brought on
the scramble that resulted so fatally.
A hollo-v in the ground at the point
where the greatest crash occurred formed
a veritable death-trap for hundreds of
those, who had started out in the early
morning anticipating a day's enjoyment.
Among the bodies a few have been found
without clothing, indicating they were of
the poorest class. In one heap of the dead
were found the bodies of two young ladies
attired in fine clothes and wearing dia
monds and turquoise rings.
Several remarkable escapes are recorded.
In one instance a father and mother were
killed, while their four-year-old son. whom
they had taken with them to the plain,
was rescued none the worse physically for
his experience.
It was announced this evening that the
Czar will defray the expenses of the
funerals of all the victims of the accident.
"BRICK" POMEROT DEAD.
Was Well Known A* a Xewspaper Man
in Several States.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 30.-Marcus
Mills Pomeroy, better known as "Brick"
Pomeroy, died at hi 3 home la Brooklyn at
10:30 this morning. His end was very
peaceful. Only the immediate friends of
the family were present at the deathbed.
Pomeroy was born in Elmira, N. V., De
cember 25, 1833. He early turned his at
tention to journalism, founding a paper in
Corning, N. V., when he was 21 years of
age. After several years spent in Wiscon
sin, where he published the La Crosse
Democrat, he returned to New York and
began the publication of "Brick Pome
roy's Democrat." He subsesequently
merged this paper into Pomeroy's Ad
vanced Thought, which he continued io
edit to the time of his death.
YEW TO-SAT.
YES THE
1 " J PRICE
IT'S $3,00
RED
And a dark red, that's the shade in Summer Tans
that has the call. The price T Well, ours is a dol-
lar or two lower than the others are asking. That's
the reason we're selling more than we usually do.
THE / <£_
DEFENDER j)^.OO
(THE NEW TOE.) *-*
One of the new shapes Just out this season Is a
star seller. Everybody wants it. The upper stock
used In this shoe 1* the finest Russia calf (dark-red
shade). We have them In all sizes and widths, and
the price of them is within your easy r>.OO
grasp <jpo
SULLIVAN'S
MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street,
Just Below Market.
® "■■  _ ._ ■ -■ ••■■-■ ■■-.- -.--■ -- gg
: Our PRICES s
HI Mean money-saving to our patrons. They signify that and more. H3
£ This store was never so helpful as it is Just now, and it is helpful A
IQ| because of mutual helpfulness. Your dependence upon this supply hb
n point increases our output, permits us to take larger blocks of de- £?
~* • pendable goods and lessens the price to you, and so the helpfulness wj
w grows— business increasing now in the dull season with no wail of HI
H despair from us. One satisfaction of buying here is that when you 0)
Q get grocery bargains they are not bargain groceries— of this you jgß
■ have a comfortable certainty. We quote for- cash at lower-than- im
• ever prices. "St
■ Flour Oysters \ 2r ,
©Fine family, Ben ton, 50-lb sack. . Full weight. 2-lb. tins, Baltimore. 05%
w 800 This week 0n1y..... a for So ™
• Hams Lunch Tongue ft-
S Cottolene Sardines 1
31b., 25c; 5 lb., 40c; 101b..»7Q0 Imported, French, this week only, Jj^
■ Cornmeal Brooms •
g* Yellow, fresh, good. 10 1bi...500 UUIIia ■ .^T
W ■£•?***» Regrular house, good size, well lef
■*■ wUliee made, this week only, each.. iOo pa
' Strictly the finest green genuine r>:^..F^li-k^
9 w Costarica, 1b..... ;laio Bicycles Q
■I CheeSe Juvenile ..;..... $8, $10. 914 » •
©V.T • »' , Juvenile high grade.. $25 and $35 W&
A Cut or whole, best California Men's Hiuh-grade '96 v ....550
cream..... 100 4 Ladies' High-grade ' 96.. .......... $50 A
BB D o |,5 Hnl D«.«^,^4^ M The '90 $50 wheels are specially ZZ.
Urn DaKinjT POWQer made for us and are equal to $100 E3
■ Inl6-o*. tins.- Far West, 20c; wheels Guaranteed. *^'
• UostaTrs °"' " " " Se ° dewing Machine •
BB '-'Fl3lF 131 ' 1113 "■ a well-known high grade made for
™" We make Ladles' Dresses skill- us. The manufacturer gets $80 for 4fe
A :_:■•■-,. fully aud cheaply enough to get ' it, Identically the same, under hit HP
2* quick orders for more with ex- name. Our price .sao H
pressions of gratification. Instruction free. Guaranteed. IS
g OUR JUNE S3\/£IM."JE][JE3' CAMPERS |
Price List C3^5153E31 Who Like Quick, *?
© ' Is Now aDeiMtrtrnJat) client ~r- '■•
EJ Ready.- €nSTB^%T3"C 11 Lowest Frlces, 89
riTT Prices will *^^ ■*• and Freight Pre- "™
2 S|l '414-418 Front St., S. F. "^£" •
■ ■ • ' OUR PRICE LIST ■? | Consult L». S-^
® WE PAY YOUR FREIGHT FOR YOU—IOO MILES. ••.
• ■•■•■•■• ■•■• ■•■••■•■•■•■«
NEW TO-DAY _
mam & co.'S
LARGE STOCK
OP
Summer
Underwear
In Balbriggan, Egyptian Thread, India
Lisle, French Balbriggan Lightweight,
Merino, Cashmere, Natural Wool,
Sanitary Wool, Silk and Wool, etc.,
AT LOWER PRICES
THAN EVER OFFERED.
NEGLIGEE AND orn\«
SHIRTS
In French Crape, English Cashmere, Onyx
C!otb, SilK and Linen, Silk and Wool,
Scotch Flannel. Club Cloth, French
Flannel, English Cheviot, Fine
Botney Cloth, All-Silk, etc.,
from $1.00 upwards.
All AT FACTORY PRICE. _,
FANCY SHIRTS
IN ALLTHE LATEST DESIGNS
AT FACTORY PRICES.
White Shirts,
Neck Dress, Etc.
EAGLESON & CO.,
748A5D750 MARKET STREET, S.F.
242 MONTGOMERY STREET, S. F.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 BRILL BOOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL J
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST. *'
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
COAL! COAL! |
Wellington $10 no
South Held.... .T 9 50
Genuine Coos Bay 6 50— Half ton. 350
Seattle 800— Half ton. 400
Bryant.... 7 00— Half ton. 403
Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
622 Howard Street. Near First.
TO EXCHANGE.
Al2-ROOM OAKLAND RESIDENCE: LOT
140x25U: highly Improved; no lncnmbrances;
will exchange for property in Southern California
or at Spokane. Address Owner, 330 Pine St., room
58, San Francisco, Cal. '-. ' ■■ ■
niIIIMJPO FOR BARBERS, BAK.
KKIISHrS"" bootblacks, bath-
E* IB UM■■ •■ bouses, billiard - table*
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper*
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sublet*
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. GOi) S>aoJi.vnentoSUDIPLOMATS WATCH
THE CRETAN WAR
Sensational Swiftness of the
Action of the World's
Powers.
SIGNAL OF CONVULSION
4a Outbreak That Seemed to
Undermine the Government
of the Turks.
WHAT WILL GREECE NOW DO?
It Is a Question Whether the Usual
Concerted Pressure Will Keep
Her Hands Off.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Time*.]
LONDON. Ehg., May 30.— Although
there has been something like civil war
in Crete for months back and the garrison
of some thousand Turkish regular troops
has actually been besieged inside the fort
ress of Yam os by 5000 or 6000 armed Cre
tans since March, Europe has allowed it
self to be thrown quite off its balance by a
mere street riot in Canea, the capital of
the island. It is true, of course, that dis
order in Canea menaces the lives of foreign
Consuls and merchants, who were not af
fected by the previous inland troubles, but
that scarcely accounts for the sensational
swiftness with which the powers raced
their available ironclads into Cretan waters
at Thursday's news.
It is apparent that every Foreign Office
jumped to the conclusion that the blood
shed in Canea had peculiar significance of
its own, quite apart from the chronic tur
bulence of the island.
The suspicion that the ground has been
mined everywhere under the fabric of the
Turkish empire and that an explosion
which will bring it crashing into ruins is
close at hand has grown so universal that
this Cretan outbreak seemed to every one
to be the signal for the long-expected con
vulsion.
Calmer views prevail at this moment,
but it is very likely that within a week or
two Crete will again be the object of gen
eral disquiet. The Turkish Government
is acting with a promptness so unusual as
to excite queer suspicions. It has heavy
re-enforcements already under way, and
apparently intends to crush out resistance
at any price. This can only have the ef
fect of heating Greek fury to the fever
point.
Even as it is, the King of Greece is har
rying back to Athens from his vacation at
Corfu, anil though backed by the unani
mous representations of foreign ministers
there, he finds himself barely able to re
sist the popular clamor for action. This
task will be perhaps too great for his
strength when the Turks be^in the work
of '-restoring order" in their characteristic
way.
Heretofore in these constantly recurring
Cretan emergencies Europe has been able
to use concerted pressure to make the
Greeks keep their hands off. The excite
ment of the present situation consists in
the universal doubt whether that Euro
pean concert still exists. It was to every
body's interest seven years ago to prevent
the Cretans and the Greeks from tearing
the bandages off "the sick man."
This may not be true to-day. Oddly
enough there are widely different notions
or perhaps pretenses as to who enjoys the
upper hand just now in Greek counsels.
The German, French and Russian papers
all say that it was England who incited
the Cretans to mischief and who is ar
ranging with Greece for an interested in
tervention.
On the other hand, as the English un
derstood the situation : it is_ Russia and
France who have Greece in tow and who
can count implicitly on her following their
lead. The truth appears to be that Greece
has been in grievous financial straits so
long and has been forced to fawn on all
sides for merciful treatment at the hands
of her creditors, that every power is more
or less entitled to feel that it has claims on
Greek gratitude and loyalty. If Ultimately
it becomes a question of the longest purse,
England will easily outbid France, but it
may turn out to be rather a question of
force majeure, and there the issue is not
co clear.
The assertion in the Nineteenth Century
by a former secretary of JLord Loch's that
Jameson's raid had for its immediate pur
pose the seizure at Pretoria of documents
known to exist proving underhand deal-
Ings between Germany and the Transvaal
bnnss to the front a new phase of the
many-sided South African tangle. It has
been whispered about for four weeks that
Chamberlain has a lot of these proofs up
his sleeve, reaay to be produced at the
proper moment.
Hitherto these stories seem to have been
born of the despairing hope that presently
Chamberlain would begin scoring some
successes in his duel with Krueger, but I
am to!d now that there really is evidence
of an anti-British arrangement between
Berlin and Pretoria which when it comes
out will place the Boer Government in a
rery awkward position. If this be mo one
can understand England's meeting Krue
ger's demand for Rhodes' punishment by
the point that first Krueger must make
an example of Ur. Leyds, who was in
Germany negotiating the Transvaal's
treason to her suzerainty before Rhodes
r v r thought of making a move. Although
there ia a temporary lull in the South
African business the entanglement is get
ting worse rather than better.
The decision of the Meiine Cabinet tc
adopt as its own almost the identical In
come-tax measure on which M. Bourgeois
was driven out of office illustrates the
T.arn'yzing confusion which has overtaken
the French politicians. It can hardly be
compared with the familiar British device
oi' stealing the Liberals' clothes while they
are in bathing, since in the French Cham
ber these hard and fast party lines do not
exist, and Meiine's bid is for tUe parlia
mentary support of the forty or fifty
former followers of Bourgeois rather than
for popular suffrages. The proposed tax
on rentes is clearly unconstitutional. sir\ce
investors have been over and over again
assured by Jaw that they must always be
exempt from taxation, but the republic
has no power for forcing the Chamber to
respect the constitution or the laws.
Ever since the Belgians remodeled their
constitution in the direction of enlarged
suffrage it has been obvious that Holland
:ould not continue very long on the old
■estrictive basis. Although the two coun
tries dislike each other and have as little
intercourse as possible, they inevitably in
luence one another in political matters.
Recognizing this the Dutch Ministry h as
levied a rather cunning measure, which
it calls an "Electoral Reform Bill," and
'or which it has obtained a solid majority
n Parliament. Most of the genuine Lib
;rals are against it, because, under the
guise of a large reform, it really concedes
suffrage to only about 100,000 more citizens
and gives the Conservatives a chance to
treat the suffrage as a thing now settled
for a generation. On the other hand the
Bxtreme Tories resent even this concession
to popular demands. In the House while
the Junker party and the Clericals fight
the trouble from one point of view, the
Radicals and Socialists resist it from
another, and the majority for it is made
up of moderate men of both pnrties.
Although Prince Henry ot Prussia has
waived his resentment against his impe
rial brother to the extent of representing
the German empire at the Moscow festivi
ties, he is said to be resolute in fiis deter
mination not to return to official and court
life at Berlin. He has bought a fine iural
chateau in Lorraine, almost on the French
border, and intends to reside there all the
year round as a country gentlemen. There
is a report in fashionable circles here that
he has taken, or intends to take, a London
house also, and that he will make the Eng
lish metropolis his town resort during the
season, but this would be a rather more
overt act of hostility to the Kaiser than
the gentle Prince Henry seems capable of.
It is known, however, that one of the
principal grounds of quarrel between the
brothers was Henry's disgust at the stupid
anti-English demonstrations which the
crowd of favorites who now have Wil,
Ham's ear continually urge upon him.
It. is treated as an established fact that
the ex-Empress Eugenic has gone over
into the Orleanist camp. Of course she
always regarded the late "Plon Pion" with
open and bitter animosity, and it was
hardly to be expected that she would cher
ish a warm personal affection for his son ;
but alter all she did recognize Prince Vic
tor as her own son's heir, and made him
an allowance of $15,000 per year, which
she still continues to pay. Under these
circumstances her abandonment of the
Bonapartist cause naturally creates feel
ing. Her ow j explanation is that she de
sires to spend her old age peacefully in
France, and that the republic will not
allow her to do this if she is closely identi
fied with the ambitions of the Napoleonic
pretender. This does not explain why she
has suddenly become an open patroness of
the Orleanist pretender instead. Old Im
perialists, like Emile Ollivier and Paul
Cassagnac, permit themselves publicly to
remark that her genius for intrigue and
egotistic treachery was the ruin of the
Second Empire, and that the Napoleonic
idea has never had a rnors persistent and
mischievous enemy than this Spanish ad
venturess, whom it picked out of shady
obscurity and hoisted on to the first throne
of Europe.
London's census, taken last March, turns
out to involve a certain amount of disap
pointment. It seems that the ratio of in
crease during the decade of 1881-91 has not
been quite maintained in the subsequent
five years.
The discrepancy between estimate and
reality for the latter period is 14,500. The
truth is, however, that London is now
overflowing at a greater rate than ever into
the outer ring of suburbs, which are not
yet counted as part of the metropolis for
county council purposes. If the whole ur
ban district under the control of the
Metropolitan administration were consid
ered the population would be now about
6.300,000.
A quaint peculiarity of English journa
lism was exhibited the other day when
Professor Max Muller delivered a really
important lecture on "The; Coincidences
Between the Scriptural and Secular Lore
of; Asia" before the Royal Society here, and
no London paper printed more than the
baldest summary of it.
An incident of general interest came at
the close, when the present Lord Chan
cellor, Lord Halsbury, a little pork-faced
creature who ia said to be an able lawyer,
but who looks like Dv Maurrier's Sir
Gorgius Midas, and whose use of his judi
cial and ecclesiastical patronage would
give Platt points in political jobbery, rose
to move a vote of thanks to the lecturer,
and incidentally to defend Christianity
from attacks which he supposed Dr. Muller
had made on it. He revealed such a comic
ignorance ol the whole subject that Dr.
Muller easily made hash of him in reply,
and scored point after point, amid yells of
delight from the audionce. The London
dailies contained only a blind allusion to
the fact that something of this sort oc
curred, but all the good provincial papers
like the Manchester Guardi.tn, the Brad
ford Or»«erver and twenty others had long,
almost verbatim, telegraph reports of the
whole thing.
Swinburne's new Arthurian poem,
"Balen,"'is not treated here as heighten
ing his reputation. There is much praise
for the craftsmanship with which he sur
mounted the obstacle of rhymes in fours,
but this is felt after all to be mental gym
nastics rather than poetry.
Private letters from Paris reveal great
interest in Zola's fortune at the adjourned
election in the academy. The date of the
next balloting is not specified, but the in
terim will be filled with zealous work by
both parties. At Thursday's inconclusive
nreeting, where eight ballots were taken,
Zola once reached fourteen votes, which
was within three of the needful number.
In a full gathering he will need twenty,
and the question how he is to get them
occupies the Parisian mind to the exclu
sion of the income tax, the Russian alli
ance and everything else. The clerical
and aristocratic elements in the academy
will fight against Zola's admission tooth
and nail, but his "Rome," following on
his "Lourdes," while accounting for their
opposition, make him the champion of
religious liberalism in a way which may
incite all other elements finally to unite
on him.
A lot of important Shakespearean relics
will be sold at auction here next week.
They were in the possession of the Hart
family, who were lineal descendants of
Shakespeare's sister, Joan, till the close of
the last century, wiien' the last Hart died.
As the relics were inventoried previously
in successive wills and have been kept
together ever since their authenticity \a
practically beyond doubt. Up to 1820 they
were exhibited in the birthplace house at
Stratford. Then the owner of the house
raised the rent, and their purchaser, a
Mrs. Hornby, moved across the street,
where for years she kept a rival show to
that which tourists are now familiar with.
There Longfellow, in his youth, and many
of his distinguished contemporaries wrote
in her visitors' books, three of which will
be sold along with numerous articles
which the poet himself owned.
Harold Frederic.
tfotnen Adopt Xew Itu- l.mca.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 30. — Tne
Grand Council of the General Federation
of Women's Clubs this morning adopted
the new code of by-law 3as a whole. The
board of directors deferred the selection
of the next meeting-place until a called
meeting in the fall. Boston. Denyer and
Omaha are after the honor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
STILL TWISTING
THE LION'S TAIL.
German Overtures to Russia
and Their Palpable
Object.
BRITISH HUMILIATION.
The Czar's Growing Influence Is
Contrasted With John Bull's
Waning Power.
BERLIN'S GARRISON PARADES.
Hundreds of Thousands of People
Witness the Event— Great Disor
der and Many Arrests.
BERLIN, Germany, May 30.— The desire
of the Government to cement friendly re
lations between Germany and Russia is
shown by the tone of the officially in
spired press in th*jr articles descriptive of
and commenting upon the ceremonies of
the coronation of tbe Czar at Moscow.
Since the succession of Nicholas II to the
Russian throne every step the Kaiser has
taken toward the establishment of concord
between Germany .and Russia has met a
responsive movement on t lie part of the
Russian court and Government; still the
Emperor will not be satisfied that com
plete harmony exists until a visit upon
the part of the Czar and Czarina to Berlin
shall confirm publicly that thoroughly
good relations between the two Emperors
have been restored.
Up to the present time the Berlin court
has received no positive notification of the
intention of the Czar and Czarina to pay a
visit to Berlin, but the Kaiser holds the
Czar's promise that such a visit shall
occur in the course of the year. It is un
derstood that the first journey that the
imperial couple will take outside of Russia
after the coronation fetes will be to Copen
hagen, and the next trip will be to Darm
stadt.the former home of the Czarina. After
leaving Darmstadt the understanding is
ti.at the Czar and Czarina will come to
Berlin and remain four days.
The feature of the semi-oflijial com
ments in the German articles referred to
is their tendency to dilate upon the growth
of the influence of Russia in Jiarope and
the East, as compared with the decrease of
England's influence in the same regions.
The Cologne Gazette devotes a long
leader to the declaration that Russia
within a few years has ousted England
from her virtual protectorate over Turkey,
and, in the domination of foreign policy,
has taken the lead in China over England
and is menacing from an unassailable
point of vantage the Anglo-Indian empire.
The Kreuz Zeitung says that the time is
drawing near when the Franco-Russian
coalition will bring the long-prepared pol
icy against England to a climax, and that
Germany must stand aloof, watching her
own interests. Germans, the paper says,
may not desire to see England driven from
the positions she has long heid in Asia
and Africa, yet England crippled implies
that the chief opponent of German colo
nial expansion is weakened.
A similar current of Anglophobia is seen
in the newspaper protests which are being
made against the official reception of 170
English naval architects who are coming
to Berlin on June 10, and will be feted at
Kroll's Theater by order of the Kaiser. A
large majority of the press attack the
reception of these visitors as being some
thing like an outrng*> upon National honor
and the German taxpayer.
The Neuste Nachrichten deplores the
probability that the Emperor may even
invite the English architects to the New
Palace, and advices Germans to hold them
selves aloof from the fete at Kroll's
Theater. Continuing in this strain, the
paper assails the Home Department for the
misuse of public funds in entertaining
such guests, and expresses hope that the
Reichstag will have something to say on
the subject.
The International Miners' Congress,
which has been in se««ion at Aachen dur
ing the weik. was chiefly notable for the
domination of socialistic ideas over mere
trades unionist views. The English dele
gates, headed by Ben Pickard, the labor
leader and member of the British House
of Commons for Yorkshire, Thomas Burt,
memoer of Parliament for Morpetn, and
other exponents of trades unionism, were
borne down by the French and Belgian
socialist votes on questions of approving
the nationalization of mines, State guar
antees, miners' sick and superannuated
funds, a fixed minimum of wages, etc.
The German delegates refrained from vot
ing on the question of nationalization of
mines, on the ground that a bureaucratic
empire could not be intrusted with the
control of mines. The congress voted to
hold their next session in London in 1898,
and decided to invite Russian and Ameri
can delegates to attend.
The spring parade of the Berlin garrison
took place on the Terapelbof field this
forenoon. The weather was showery, but
the streets were lined with hundreds of
thousands of people, extending from the
castle to the Tempelhof field. The Em
peror returned to the castle at noon at the
head of the color company and was
cheered throughout the route from the
field. Unusual precautions were taken to
keep the populace at a distance, police
men beinar stationed a few yards apart, and
hundreds of mounted police and guards at
various points were assigned to the duty of
driving the crowds back.
This procedure had the effect to keep
the crowds in a constant uproar, and led
to innumerable fights and arrests.
Mrs. Uhl, wife of the United States Em-
J>as?ador to Germany, was received by tbe
Empress at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
The Vorwaem, leading organ of the So
cialistr, atiserts that the Emperor proposes
to grve a lecture in the auditorium of the
Chemical Exhibition Building in the
course of the coming visit of the English
naval architects.
A congress of spiritualists was held this
week ir. theAlsterhof in this city. Dele
gates were present from Munich, Vienna,
Prague, Copenhagen, Dresden and other
places. The congress founded a general
union of German occulis'.s. Herr Leopold
Engel, editor of Das Wort, was elected
corresponding secretary. Herr Engel.who
is the author of Der Wahrheitsucher, and
a very prominent spiritualist, will visit
the United States in tbe autumn. Rev. J.
J. Kilburn, late of the American chapel in
St. Petersburg, will sail shortly for the
United States for the purpose of delivering
a series of lectures upon his system of
mnemonics.
Lahan Frank of Steinway Hall, New
York, has conducted with great success
tbe concerts of a bras 3 orchrstra which
have been given at the Industrial Exhibi
tion.
THE WARFARE IN CUBA.
Engagements K'ttccen the Spanish and
Insurgents.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 30.— Several en
gagements have been reported to-day be
tween Government troops and rebels, but
they were unimportant.
The official reports have made no men
tion of Maceo since the laat night at Con
colacion, when it was claimed that he was
defeated.
It is reported that Gomez, who was lately
encamped on the Palo Prioto ranch,
near Sancti fc'piritus, was ordered to stop
his westward march until the arrival of
re-enforcements from the east. It is said
that he has already made a junction with
an important leader, and will soon resume
his march.
The rumors that Captain-General Weyler
has resigned are only gossip.
MINISTER TAYLOR`S VISIT
In London He Hill Be Presented to the
Prince of Wales.
LONDON, Enq., May 30.— Hon. Hannis
Taylor, United States Minister to Bpain,
who is in London for the purpose of see
ing his family, who9ail for New York next
week, will be presented in the diplomatic
levee to the Prince of Wales next Mon
day. The presentaiion of Mr. Taylor will
be maile by United States Embassador
Bayard.
Mr. Taylor was questioned to-day regard
ing the relations between Spain and the
United States, but he absolutely declined
to discuss the subject. He will stay lill
June (j. when he will go to Southampton
to see his family sail ior New York. He
wiil then go to Oxford where he will make
manuscript researches in connection with
his work on the Eugiish constitution. He
will return to Spain in two weeks.
Sentences Suspended.
LONDON, Eng., May 30.— The Colonial
office has received a telegram from the
British diplomatic agent at Pretoria say
ing that all the Johannesburg Reform
Committee prisoners except the four who
were originally condemned to deith,
Hammond, Farrar, Phillips and Rhodes,
have been released. The sentences of
banishment imposed upon the men re
leased has bren suspended, upon their
undertaking never again to interfere in
the affairs of the South African Republic.
AT THE TOMB OF GRANT.
Immense Throngs Pay Tribute
to the Memory of the
Deceased Hero.
Many Prominent Persons Present.
Profusion of Flowers— Senator
Manderson's Oration.
NEW YORK, N.Y., May 30.— There was
an immense throng at the tomb of General
Grant to-day to participate in the memo
rial day services held under the auspices
of U. S. Grant Po>t No. 327, G. A. R.
The event of the day was an oration by
ex-Senator Charles F. Manderson of Ne
braska, The United States steamship
Newark was in the river below and fired a
salute of twenty-one guns in honor of the
occasion.
The Grant tomb was handsomely
decorated by various posts of the Grand
Army, and a considerable number of
people assembled to pay their respects to
the memory of the deceased hero. Many
prominent persons were present.
THE DAY AT WASHINGTON
Impressive Ceremonies at the Arlington
and Soldiers' Borne Cemeteries.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 30.—Memo
rial day was observed here with the usual
ceremonies attending the decoration of
the graves of those who fell in the civil
war. Arlington National Cemetery was
the main attraction.
The graves of General Sheridan, Ad
miral Porter, General Walter Q. Gresham
and General Gibbon were profusely cov
ered with floral tributes. A salute by a
battery of the Fourth Artillery, U. S. A.,
music by the Marine Band and singing by
the Mozart Club preceded the delivery of
the oration of the day by Congressman
Marriott Brosius of Pennsylvania.
At tne Soldiers' Home Cemetery special
services were held at the grave of General
John A. Logan.
Memorial exercises and decoration of
graves also took place at Chicago, Phila
delphia, Cincinnati and many other cities
of the Union.
THE DAY AT SAN JOSE.
Ten Thousand People ' March to Oakhill
Ctmvtrry.
BAF JOSE, UAL.,' May 30.— The observ
ance of memorial day here was generally
participated in by the public, the exercises
consisting of a parade of the G. A. R. post,
Relief Corps, National Guard and school
children, an impressive ceremony at Oak
hill Cemetery and the formal decoration
of the graves.
About 10,000 people participated in the
parade, the special feature of the proces
won being a large number of school-chil
dren, nearly all of whom carried flowers,
which they strewed upon the graves.
Formal exercises were held at the Audi
torium to-niuht, the entertainment consist
ing of patriotic mnio and an address by
Rev. N. A. HaskelJ. /
. ♦
Solemn tterrice* at Xapa.
NAPA, Cal., May 30.— Decoration day
closed the business houses here, and the
people honored the soldier" dead. Kit
Carson Post, under the command of S. E.
Holden, and the local militia company
under Captain Easterby, with a larpe com
pany of school children and citizens, went
to Tulocay Cemetery at 2 o'clock. T: ere
the Grand Army ritualistic service was
held, and T. B. Hutohinson delivered an
oration. Thirty-four veterans are buried
thete, and on their graves the bands of
comrades laid flowers.
-o .
Fatal fight Ortir '■ Cattle.
WICHITA. Kans., May 30.— Sterling
Elder was shot and killed at Chickasha,
Indian Territory, to-day by John Ellis in
a fight over cattle. While the men were
quarreling Mrs. Isaacs, a sister of Ellis,
whipped out a revolver and commenced
liring at Elder. Elder ran home, aijd
just as he reached tbe doorway his wife
wrenched the revolver from Mrs. Isaacs,
who had followed. A general fight en
sued, and Ellis shot Elder thr&e times in
the back, killing him instantly. Ellis has
been arrested.
• •
Reformed Presbyterians.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. M>>.y 30.— The
morning session of the Reformed Pres
byterian synod was devoted to the re
ports of presbyteries, committees on tem
perance and psalmody. An encouraging
report was read from the board of incor
porators of Geneva College. Resolutions
were adopted voting aid to carry out the
plans of the faculty. The term for
which Rev. Dr. Trumbuli was elected a
member of the board has expired, and his
successor will be chosen.
VICTORIANS HAD
INVITED DEATH
City Officials Knew the
Point Eilice Bridge's
Condition.
WERE OFTEN WARNED.
The Blood of Scores of Victims
Upon the Heads of Men
in Authority.
WEAKNESS OF THE STRUCTURE
Swayed Dangerously When Horses
Trotted Across — Testimony at
the Inquest.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 30.— The inquest
into the Point Eilice bridge disaster was
continued to-day. So far no expert testi
mony has been called. A. G. Smith,
DeDuty Attorney-General, suggested that
as the Government was anxious to have
a most searching inquiry, it would
be better to at first get the evidence of
Titnesses of the accident so that the posi
tion of the car at the time of the disaster
might be ascertained as well as what part
of the span gave way first. Some very im
portant evidence on this point was brought
out during the course cf the inquiry.
Lome Gates, the motorman, was the
first witness called. His car had just
passed off the bridge when be first Knew
of the accident. He did not notice any
unusual vibration as he crossed the bridge.
His ca*r was a car-length off the bridge
when the overhead wires broke.
There was a notice in the cars warning
people not to stand on the platforms. He
never tried to keep people off the plat
form when there was a crowd, and had
never been given instructions to Keep
people off the platform.
Captain William Grant lives near the
bridge. He had taken special notice of
the condition of the structure. His wharf
was right alongside, and he was on and
under the bridge very often. About two
years ago he noticed that an abutment of
the bndjre, where it crossed his place, was
giving way from heavy rains, and the mud
sills and trestle work were going. He re
ported this at the City Hall and asked
James Baker, then an alderman, to invest
igate. The city got jackscrews and se
cured the bridge again.
There had been »o much vibration when
horses were trotted across the bridge that
Grant could not walk, but had to stand till
they passed. The city sent police there for
about a week a'ter he first made the com
plaint and several people were fined for
driving fast across tne bridge. The affair
quieted down again and the bridge was
later replanked.
Grant had told the officials that unless
something was done to prevent teams from
going fast over the bridge it would go
down.
He was standing on his wharf at the ■
time of the accident. He heard a crash
and saw that a span hart given way from i
the pier on the Esquimalt end. The J
movement stopped for a few seconds and
then began again.
The whole of that end gave way, and
the end near the city followed. The car ;
was apparently near the center of the span i
when the crash came. It did not go
through the bottom of the bridge.
Other witnesses of the disaster testified
that the structure had broken squarely in
twain, near the Esquimalt end, as the car
was about in the center. It is plain from
these stories that the structure was unsafe
and should have been condemned.
PORT ORCHARD INSPECTION
Commodore Matthews Hays a Good Word
for the nrydock.
BEATTLE, Wash., May 30.— Commodore
E. O. Matthews, U. S. N.. chief of the
Government bureau of public docks and
wharves, who arrived in Seattle on Wed
nesday from the Mare Island Navy-yard to
make an inspection of the Port Orchard
dry dork and naval station, concluded his
labors to-day. He finds that the dock,
notwithstanding adverse criticisms, is in
the main acceptable to the Government,
aud that the few defects pointed out by
the naval board of inspection at the time
of the official test in April are of a trivial
nature. The commodore leaves for Wash
ington City to-morrow.
Called to a Hmntm Rosa Pulpit.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 30.— Rev.
L. D. Rathbone, for nearly nine years pas
tor of the Congregational church of this
city, has handed in his resignation. He
lias iiccepted a call to the Congregational
church at Santa Rosa.
HEW TO-DAT.
"At Sloane's."
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS,
Absolutely Best made.
Immense Selection.
65 cents per yard,
Sewed, Laid and Lined.
BIGELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS,
Highest class manufactured,
• $1.123< per Yard,
Sewed, Laid and Lined.
AXMINSTERS,
1 $1 per Yard and upward.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, FIRMTRE, UPHOLSTERY,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TO-DAT
It stands you in hand to be with us again on- Monday. We are
all alike we have an eye to opportunity. None of us are too
wealthy to let an opportunity escape us. If you pay $8.50 for one
of those stylish suits of ours, and your neighbor buys a suit else-
where and pays $15 for it, no matter how wealthy he is, he feels
sore. . . '";^Vv'' "''!' : : '^^
Always keep your weather eye open for opportunities. The Big
Store presents them ; it does not flatter itself because it carries the
biggest and handsomest line of Men's Tailor-Made Suits that
that alone is going to bring you to the big store. It places before
you such opportunities that would mean to you a loss if you bought
your goods elsewhere.
A high character of goods is the only kind'that the big Kearny~>
street store carries. But there are opportunities, such as we pre-
sent now, that are not off m presented to us. We seize them. We
give you the "benefit of th< in, and such a glorious benefit as you will
; get from these high-class Spring Suits at .50 is one of those op-
portunities that do not present themselves every day.
*^Wf • < I'll •' 1 i |'|j| .1 M I'll '• I I'r MlllltlfM
A ' 'if -rl) HI 1 111 lilt lII i! i -If I 111 llflfl
i 4i ?'i f inLiil llfilflllliil
A Sightly
Smart Looking
Made from those very swell
English Homespuns in those
plaids is indeed a pleasure to
own.
Some right clever things in
Tweeds, all new colorings,
you know ; some right clever
ideas in Scotches ; tailor: d in
an ; exquisite manner; ; such
: suits as your tailor wouldn't
think of making under $J±o.
Monday again at the phe-
nomenallii low price of
$8.50.
; Don't you want our new book, "Hints :
'.From a Big Store" f IV s a valuable :
'. aid to those that shop by mail. Your.'.
' address} pleaie, and we'll send it to you. :
'. It's an up-to-date affuir. '.
: RAPHAEL* B, Inc. :
There's Tone
and Character
To those real sir ell and dress-
up Clay Worsted Suits j)f
ours in black; decidedly
r §<*rmervbB, in cutaways
a n<l in single-breasted sacks,
and in those single-breasted
squ are cut sacks ; they're real
sir el I garments, real dressy
garments; not a tailor in the
land would dream of m aking
you a, suit like one of these
under $Jj.O. Now you can
form an idea of what we are
doing for you at
$8.50,
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated).
The San Francisco Boys,
9, 11, 18, 15 Keanuj St.
34
HEMMED IN ON
MT. HAMILTON
Murderer Dunham's Trail
Found by a Party of
Searchers.
ESCAPE IS IMPOSSIBLE.
The Fugitive Breaks Into a
Woodchopper's Cabin to
Steal Supplies.
WEARS POINTED-TOED SHOES
His Footprints Easily Followed
Through the Brush— A Scent for
the Bloodhounds.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 30.— District
Attorney Herington reports to-night that
he was unquestionably on the trail of
James Dunham, the sextuple murderer of
Campbells, to-day.
Had be and his companions who formed
one party of searchers on Mount Hamil
ton had horses, they could have over
taken the fugitive.
Herington, with Juan Edson and Plum
mer, went up the mountain on foot. Near
a cabin which had been broken into dur
ing the night ttiey discovered the prints of
a pointed-toe shoe. They followed this
trail down the main road for several miles
to where it turned off to the cabin that
had been robbed, and on beyond it for
some distance.
They saw the woodc hopper who owned
the cabin, and he told them that the door
of his dwelling had been pushed open by
some one during the night. He called
ont to know who was there and the person
went away.
He rose and went to his work at 3
o'clock. When he returned he found the
cabin had been broken into, but nothing
was taken.
Herington is certain he was on the trail
of the fugitive, and that it can be taken
to-morrow and successfully followed.
Sheriff Lyndon says he will place the
hounds on the track in the morning, and
there is little doubt but that the fugitive
will be overhaulea.
SEARCHING IN THE NBUSH
Hundred* of Armed Men Are Camping
on Mount Hamilton.
SMITHS CREEK, Cal., May 30.—
Smiths Creek Hotel to-night presents an
appearance of life that it has not known
for years. Besides an unusual rush of
visitors armed men have been arriving all
day long. Most of the Sheriff's posses,
with the exception of those under the di
rection of Sheriff Lyndon, have come in,
but report no success in their search for
Dunham. The country between here and
Mount Hamilton, for two or three miles
each way, has been thoroughly guarded,
and to-night the officers are no nearer the
fugitive than they were Thursday evening,
when Dunham was seen at Oscar Parker's
cabin. His borse has been found, but his
whereabouts remains a mystery.
There are at least fifty well armed
and determined men here, ready to take
the trail as soon as Sheriff Ballou's blood
bounds have secured a scent. So far the
hounds have proved a disappointment,
but this is due to the fact that Dunham's
feet are encased in sacks, which are con
tinually being made wet by fording
streams.
During the day armed men have been
continually coming ana going. The hills
have been thoroughly searched, and if
Dunham is not lying dead in Indian
Gulch he is undoubtedly making his way
southeast through the San Isabel. The
hotel here to-night is crowded, and while
the weary officers are sleeping visitors are
making merry with songs and other en
tertainment.
Sheriff Lyndon's posse arose about 4
o'clock this morning, and by 5 o'clock,
after a light breakfast, was scouring the
gulches in every direction. The country
hereabouts is rough, and it is impossible
to see a few feet away through the under
brush. Indian Gulch is about two and a
half miles long. It starts at the summit
of Mount Hamilton and follows almost a
straight line to Smiths Creek. Branching
from it are many gulches, rugged and
almost impassable.
This moining Lyndon divided his posse
into two squads. The first consisted of
London, Ballou, Parker and Jim Edwards.
Tney had the hounds with them, and
went to Deep Gulch. They followed the
gulch to its head, but found no trace of
the murderer. They returned about 1
o'clock.
The second posse was in charge of Con-
Biable Daley, who rode the buckskin mare
which Dunham had abandoned. His com
panions were Harry McClintock, Al Hanks
and J. E. Atmore. They went to Indian
Gulch, where Danham's horse was found
yesterday, hut were unable to find any
traces of the man. They followed up the
gulch and near the head a large number
of buzzards were seen circling in the air.
This is considered a sure sign that there is
carrion in the gulch and it is thought that
the pistol shot heard shortly after the
finding of Dunham's horse yesterday may,
after all, have sounded ihe hour of Dun
ham's suicide. A careful search failed 10
reveal his body. The search will be re
•urned in the morning.
A great many hold to the belief that
Dunham killed himself. When the posse
was up there yesterday no buzzards were
observed.
Just betore the departure of Lyndon's
party this morning Deserve Irwin Frost,
Seth Churchill and Sam Bane left for
Mount Hamilton and went over the ridge
in the vicinity of Wendell's ranch. Here
they met Juan Edson, District Attorney
Herington, George Sweigert and 11. F.
Plumni r, who left Smiths Creek last
night at 11 o'clock for the summit by the
trail. At Wandell's the fresh prints of a
boot with pointed toe were discovered,
similar to those seen about Parker's cabin.
Edson returned this afternoon and said
the tracks were fresh and puzzied dim, as
few men in this country wear pointed
shoes.
Now, that the funeral of the victims at
Campbells ia over, the young men of that
vicinity are coming up in numbers and
Noted California Marksmen, as They Were Seen by a "Call" Artist at the Stockton Meet.
joining in the search for the murderer.
Joe Smith, Thomas Lovelady, Herbert
Jaynes and John Houghton, all of Camp
bells, arrived to-day, and say they will
stay until the murderer is found. They
join the Sheriff's posse. They will be
joined by George Whitney, James Ken
nedy and Howard Buffington, and Joe .
Herring of Los Gatos has also enlisted, j
These Campbells boys have been staying
at the McGlincv place since the murder.
J. E. Allen, Ed Sykes and G. Pruett, all
well mounted and armed, went through j
here about 8:30 this morning. They
searched all day in the vicinity of Kin
caid's ranch. They went up the ridge to
the summit of Mount Hamilton, down
into the San Isabel and over to Five
Springs. They report having not seen or
heard anything of the fugitive.
Van Drankin of Black Mountain, about
six miles north of here, called at Smiths
Creek. He says the ranchers in that dis
trict are on the lookout and that the ave
nues of escape are closed. J. R. Kincaid '
and William Harney, as soon as they
heard that a man had been eeen in that ;
district, went out and searched the coun
try until 10 o'clock and were unable to
find a trace of the man.
William Fay, Samuel O'Toole, William
Staten and Crit Gruell started from
Madrone as soon as they heard of the mur
der. This afternoon they went over into
the San Felipe Valley to resume their j
search. They left Madrone three days |
ago, and have been in the Pacbeco Pass .
and to the hot springs and in the San
Isabel and San Antone valleys. They
came through the Morrow ranch. They
report that thirty vaqueros were rounding
up cattle, but they haa seen nothing of
Dunham. Most of the vaqueros are armed, ,
and if Dunham should be seen in the
locality they would be prepared for him.
A report reached here this afternoon
that Dunbam had been seen at the Little
ranch, southeast of here, and had a lunch !
about 2 o'clock. Edwards, Hanks, and
McClintock left for that place. Lyndon,
Ballou and Parker went back of Kincaid's
ranch, and will work out through the San
Isabel.
Everett Snell has been out for two days
and returned to-night. He has been down
about Divide Springs, San Isabel and
through the Morrow ranch. The Morrow
ranch, by the way, includes about 35,000
acres. Deputy Sheriff Reynolds and
Bryon Cottle returned to-night. They
have been down about the Summit mine,
Red Creek and San Antone Valley guard
ing the passes there. Constable Coschina
was left on guard at the Summit mine. It
is possible that Dunham is making his
way along the San Isabel and will come
I out near Soda Springs. It is a rough
j country, but there are plenty of cabins
where he could get supplies". If he gets
supplies he could retire further into the
mountains, and if well and able to travel
it would be difficult to overtake him.
One party that has taken the trail over
Mt. Hamilton will go down into the San
Joaquin and come out about Tracy. The
< members of the party are familiar with
that part of the country and will make a
thorough search.
W. H. Haun and Charles Davidson came
up from San Jose to-night and will join
in the chase. The searching party is now
well organized and the pursuit will be con
tinued with a system and method and
thoroughness that will leave the chances
of the fugitive for escape almost nil — pro
vided he has not already gotten out of the
j country.
SECRETED TWO BICYCLES.
I Dunham Had Carefully Arranged for a
Burrind Flight.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 30.— The scent in
the search for James Dunham in the ra
vines of Mount Hamilton grew decidedly
cool to-day. The Sheriff's office here has
an air of depression and all-round unhap
piness. Telegrams have piled thick upon
Patchcn, the Pet Mare Owned by the Late James Wells. One of the Victims of
Muideier Dunham. The Fugitive t scaped to the Mountains on I'atchcn
After the Sexti.p c Tragedy at Campbells, and the Animal Was Found
Crazing in indian Gulch Tuirty-Six Hours Later.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
one another from every point of the com
pass reporting hat Dunham had been
seen, sometimes on foot, again on horses
of various colors and again on bikes.
Every traveler of an unfrequented road
has become a suspect, and in the mind of
the anxious denizens of the community
through which he passes wears the lik -
ness of the desperate fugitive. Instead of
stopping these suspects, however, the
people allow them to pass on, and then
hasten to the telegraph office and notify
the Sheriff's office, tifty miles away, "that
Dunham passed through this place two
hours ago." Under Sheriff Benson looks
a shade unbappier than before, warns
by wire the authorities in the path of the
suspect and places the telegram on file.
The reports irom the mountain have
furnished nothing sncoura.ing to-day,
whatever. The number of the searchers
has increased, for volunteers have been
going forward from all points every hour,
and it is literal truth to say mat the woods
are full of them. They are searching pa
tiently and energetically and with consid
erable method, but they have found noth
ing.
The excitement in this city has consid
erably abated under the long postpone
ment of the climax, but the interest is as
quick as yesterday, and it would only re
quire a word of hope of the capture to fill
the streets with people.
The streets have been full of people, to
be sure, but it was a Memorial day crowd,
and the bands of music constantly pass
ing, served to divert their thoughts from
the one thing that has occupied them these
several days.
It is accepted as reasonably certain that
the fugitive has passed the guard lines and
is in the open somewhere beyond the area
under especial surveillance about Smiths
Creek. Still, until something definite is
learned in proof of that, the Sheriff will
keep his forces centered there.
Since the abandonment of his borse by
the murderer men on bicycles have taken
on a new interest in the eyes of the resi
dents along country roads around. The
mvatery of Dunham's bicycle also assumes
importance. Dunham was an expert
rider. He had two bicycles and neither of
them can be found. Up to the very day
of trie murder the bicycle formed a large
figure in the routine of Dunham's daily
life. He was going or coming somewhere
upon it or tinkering with it in tne barn.
Two weeks before the murder he took a
wheel to M. H. Osgood's cycle establish
ment on First street to have the pneu
matic tire replaced with a new one. The
tire was sent to the factory and Dunham
has since then been riding another wheel
supposed to have been borrowed from a
friend. On Tuesday morning he came to
the cyclery and asked Mr. Osgood about
the tire and learned that it had not ar
rived. He said, "Very well," and made
no other comment.
Jimmy Wells was in the cyclery at the
time, and Dunham helped him to put a
pediil on a tandem belonging to Wells.
After they had gone Mr. Osgood noticed
that Dunham's wheel bad also disap
peared, and was much surprised, as there
was no tire on the rear wheel. He asked
his clerk, and the latter said he had
noticed Dunbam taking the wheel away.
He had come to the cyclery on another
wheel. L. C. Ross, a neighbor, either on
the day of the murder or the day before,
assisted Dunbam to repair his wheel.
The reports of 111 1 is having two wheels
probably come of his havingiborrowed an
other. At any rate, neither of those
wheels can be found. They were unques
tionably taken to some place which he
thought would be convenient in his plan
of escape, providing, perhaps, against con
tingencies by placing one at one point
and the second at some other in a different
direction, and therfe hid them.
On the morning of Tuesday, the day of
the murder, Dunham went to the San Jose
Bank and drew all the money he had
there, something over $1000. This fact is
known and has been known by Sheriff
Lyndon since the morning after the crime.
These circumstances taken together prove
the premeditation of the crime, while they
also show the resources at the command of
the fugitive in making good his escape.
It is this circumstance, too, that makes
the riving wheelman over each remote road
so much an object of interest.
A wheel on Mount Hamilton is not of
much use, perhaps, but if there is a wheel
hMden in some safe place on the levels of
the other side the murderer might ride at
his ease tbe-e moonlight nights down the
San Joaquin Valley.
Dunham's wheel is a low-handled racing
Ontario. The tire arrived at Ospood's
Tuesday night and is still there. The tan
dem belonging to Jimmy Wells is also
standing in the rack there — the same upon
which he and his nnirderer were at work
on the day of he slaughter.
There is a story relating to all these
parties and this wheel. A few weeks ago
Jimmy Wells fell from the wheel and was
quite badly hurt. He was carried to his
home and laid upon a couch in the sitting
room, and with everybody else made busy
in the house by the accident they asked
Dunham to build a tire in the grate. He
did so and young Wells remarked that
that was the first work that Dunham had
done in the house or on the ranch for any
body in man^ weeks.
The mystery of the wheels stands along
side of that other mystery — as to where
Dunham spent Monday night. He was at
school on Monday, but be wasn't at home
Monday night. It was not the tirst time
he had remained away from home over
night since the birth o» his baby. He had
for some time back fallen intoa habit of
remaining away from home at night.
This circumstance tits to a story that has
been whispered about ponce circles to-day.
It is to the effect that Dunnam has been
paying marked attention for some time to
a young woman of East San Jose.
The gossips have been l.usy with the
names of these t-wo people fora long time.
The father of the young woman has a bi^
ranch on the other side of the mountain,
and it is mooted as an explanation for
Dunham'? ride in that direction that he
might have hoped to gain shelter there.
That the murderer really hid in mind the
going to Texas across the Mexican border,
us 1 c declared to his wife that he had, the
police have no doubt. These circumstances
all fit together as forming an additional
motive for the frightful crime.
Late to-night comes tho report of the
only discovery of the day that indicates
the whereabouts of the fugitive. It comes
from Smiths Creek. James Drum ana
Jake Wandell arrived at the iotel straight
from the vicinity of Wandell's ranch, two
miles east of Mount Hamilton. They
found a woodchopper's cabin that had
been broken into. Tnerewas no food in the
place and nothing was taken. The wood
chopper left his cabin at 3 o'clock in the
morning, locking the door. When he re
turned in the evening he found tue dour
broken open.
Bheriff Lyndon, who has just returned,
says there is no aoubt that it was Dun
hem, and attention will be diverted to
that quarter to-morrow. The mountain
is being thoroughly scoured, but from the
posses reporting fr»m every direction to
night there is no one that can say an en
couraging word looking to the success of
the efforts of all.
In this city the air has been filled to
night with rumors of all sorts and condi
tions. It was reported with circumstan
tial detail how Dunham had been cap
tured on a train near Tracy ; but investi
gation discovered it was not' true.
Another man telegraphed to Under
Sheriff Benson that a man answering the
description of Dunham hud passed through
Wrights at 11:40 o'clock, headed for So
quel. Under Sheriff Benson telegraphed
for full particulars, and this was the reply
he got:
Man was on foot with another fellow. He
told me Dunham was caught near Mount
Hamilton and tried to pick me for news. He
had evidently changed clothing with nis part
ner, ax the clothes he now wears are light and
too small for him and the other fellow's too
lurife. He wears a good pair of poli.ied shoes.
His face was very dirty,' but his clothes were
very good, and his description answers ex
actly. Hud no guns In sight.
The officers aown by Wrights had no
sooner been notified to Jook out for a man
witli clothes that did not fit than word
came from Constable Keller at Concord,
Contra Costa County, in a wholly different
direction, that Dunham had eaten dinner
at his house and passed on. He said there
was no doubt thai it was Dunham, as the
man's face was badly scratched and the
first joint of the little finger on his left
hand was stiff.
Charles Dunham, the murderer's
brother, was asked about the stiff linger,
if James Dunham was marked that way,
and he said he did not know. Tins man
at Concord had a sorrel horse. Under
Sheriff lienson said it wus possible that if
Dunham h,ad got out that way and pro
cured a horse he could hr.ye reached Con
cord by this time. He says that if he got
arounu the mountain he might have
passed througn Calavoras Valley, near
Sunol station, and on through tue canyon
that would lead him to Martinez, within
six miles of Concord.
He does not believe, however, that the
fugitive is traveling in the vicini y of the
towns by daylight.
While there is not so much evidence of
excitement on the streets as there was
yesterday, the same deep feeling is mani
fested, and there is little doubt that the
announcement of the capture of Dunham
will bring lively times to the mountains.
The old residents of Campbells say they
are ready to take action immediately, and
have so signified to the Sheriff.
DUNHAM'S EVIL TEMPER.
Gave Way to Malicious Rage Whenever
He Ufa* Crossed. '•
SAN JTJSE. Cal., ; May , 30.— Murderer
Dunham ; told L. C. Ross about two weeks
before the killing; of the McGlincy family
that be was "setting down to cases," as he
had only about $800 left. <
At about the same time, Ross was told
by the men on the ranch that McGHncy
had notilied them that they must pay no
attention to any orders issued by Dun
ham, as he did not have any authority
whatever there. Ross says that the Mc-
Glincyswere rapidly closing down on him.
Dunbam, he says, was a very secretive
Continued on Sixth Page.
COMPETE AT THE
STOCKTON BUTTS
California Marksmen Try
for Championship
Trophies.
FINE SCORES ARE MADE.
Six Men Shoot a Tie for the
Gold Dust Diamond
Medal.
AN EXCITING TEAM MATCH.
Los Angeles and Stockton Break Even
in the Contest for the Over
land Prize.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 30.— The State
bluerock tournament attracted several
thousand people to the Stockton Associa
tion grounds to-day, and they were
tr ated to unusually exciting contests.
During the shoots in the torenoon the
chief interest centered in the contest for
the gold-dust diamond medal. The best
squad that shot in this match was com
posed of Charles Haas, Frank and Charles
Merrill, < harles Gall, Len Hauxhurst and
H. L Dustin. All but Dustin are Stockton
men. Haas made a clean score of 20, ty
ing Martinez Chick of San Diego and T. A.
Barney of the Lincoln Gun Club. The ties
for first place will be shot off in the morn
ing. Flickinger of the Lincoln Club won
second place in this contest; J. W Shiell
of the San Joaquin Valley Gun Club, third
place; Fanning of the Olympics, fourth;
Van Valkenberg of the Los Angeles Gun
Club, fifth; Trombone of the Keliance,
sixth, with "Gilt Edge" seventh, and
Burkbardt, Armitage, Judd and Atherton
next, in tbe order named.
There were so many entries that it was
late in the afternoon before the team s hoo
for tne Overland trophy was commenced.
The chief interest of the day was centered
in this shoot, and the space back of the
scorers' stand and back of tbe ropes that
separated the crowd from the contestants
was black with people, while that in front
of the by; blackboard on which the results
of each team's work were posted was
crowded with spectators, all eager to see
how their favorite club came out in the
contest.
The Capital City Gun Club was the firßt
to face the traps, but it could do no better
than 84 out of a possible 130.
Then the Olympic Gun Club took up the
fieht for the trophy. Fanning, Webb and
Naumann started out bravely, but Fan
ning missed bis eighth bird in the next
two as well as the thirteenth. Webb
missed his fourteenth and Naumann tbe
eleventh bluerock. The club's total was
100, much better than the work at last
year's tournament at the Oakland Trot
tin c Park.
The gun club annex of the Stockton
Athletic Association next faced the traps
and came away with a total of 102* Len
Hauxhurst and Frank Merrill made clean
scores of twenty birds each and were
louJly cheered by the crowd. This team
was tied by the crack shots from Los An
geles amid the greatest of excitement. The
tie will be shot off to-morrow, and as the
Los Ange'es Gun Club has such shots as
Mason, Chick, Parker, Van Valkenberg,
Ralphs and Leighton in its team the men
from the City of Angels are offering to bet
5 to 1 to-night that the Southern Califor
;aans will win out on the snoot-off. This
was by far the most exciting event of the
day.
Following is tbe complete score for the
Overland trophy shoot:
Capital City Gun Club— Stevens 15, Newbert
19. Yoerk 17, Upson 11, Nicolaus 12, Ruhstaller
10; total, 84.
Olympic Gun Clvb — Fanning 16, Feudner
17, Webb 19. Kaumann 19, Golcher 14, Haight
14; total, 100.
Stockton Athletic Association — Hauxhurst
20. Winders 16, Gall 12, Haas 17, F. Merrill2O,
ScnaeferlT: total, 102.
Garden Oitv Cyclers Gun Clvb — Carroll 14,
F. Coykendall 17, Deltnas 12, Anderson 18, R.
Coykendall 15, Heiuelberger 18; total. 94.
Stockton Gun Club— C. Merrill 17, Balkvell
10, KUis 13, Payne 13, Jessen 17, Loniers 15;
total, 91.
Reliance Gun Club— Cadman 16, Gross 14,
Tubbs 15, Trombone 18, Kellogg 13, Baker 12;
total, 88.
Amioch Gun Club— Durst 18, Ross 19, Dur
hum 13. Proctor 16, Remfree 17, Taylor 11.
Total, 94.
San Joaquin Valley Club— Fox 18, Armitage
14, McVeagh 14, C. W. Wood 13, J. C. Rice 17,
J. W. Shiell 20. Total, 96.
Lincoln Gun Club No. I— Robertson 17,
Daniois 14, Karney 16, Flickinger 18, Barney
18, Bruns 13. Total, 96.
Lincoln Gun Club No. 2— Murdock 18. Potter
13, Weiigall 17, Cate 16, Eugene Forster 16,
Franzen 16. Total, 96.
Empire Gun Club— Young 10, King 11, Bll
linger 17, Andrews 15, Winning 17, Quinton
18. Total, 83.
Los Aneeies Gun Club— Mason 19, Chick 19,
Parker 17, Ralphs 14, Van Valkeuberg 15,
Leighton 18. T..tal, 102.
Araador City Gun Club— Esola 17, Whltfield
18, Proctor 15, Vorhies 15, Solarl 17, Jarvia 10.
Total, 92.
Excitement ran hlzh during this shoot,
and the three men who made plean scores
YOU
NEVER
KNOW
The whole-soul blissful happiness of
life until after you have suffered and
have been cured of nervousnes.
DR. McKENZIE'S
New
Nerve
Treatment
Will make a nerveless man, a pale, deli-
cate woman, or a fretful, fitful creature —
sound, yes, as sound as a dollar.
JOY'S
BALDWIN
PHARMACY
Is the place to eot Mr. McKenzie'a
nerve treatment. Call or write.
Joy's, Hood's or Ayers
Sarsanarilla 65c
Paine s Compound 60c
Munyon's 15c
PERFUMES
FROM
EVERY
MAKER.
JOY'S BALDWIN PHARMACY
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL),
Powell and Market Sts.
Mall Orders Promptly Attneded To,
—Hauxhurst and Merrill of the Stockton
Athletic Aosociation and Shiell of the ban
Joaquin Valley Gun Clnb— were loudly
cheered. There will be thousands out to
morrow to witness the shoot-off between
the Stockton Athletic Association's team
and that from the Los Angeles Gun Club.
The fourth event was at fifteen singles,
seven money and three merchand se
prizes. This was won by Shiell of Visalia,
with Fanning of the Olympics second.
Trombone of the Reliance third, Liddle of
tbe Olympics fourth, Franzen fifth, Ralphs
and Winning tied for sixth place, Billin
ger seventh, Tansell eighth, Anderson and
Sharp tievt for ninth place, Yoerfc tenth.
The ties will be de idea" in the morning.
In the first event of the day, at ten
bird?, the following tied with clean scores:
F. Foundner and C. Haig! t of the Oiym
pics, Frank Merrill, C. J. Ha-s and tfrank
D. Nicol of the Stockton Athletic Associa
tion, R. Coykendall of the Garden City
Cyclers, E. Suramerfield, G. H. Anderson.
J." Carroll and S. Mie -son.
The shoot for tne E. T. Allen trophy at
twenty birds lasted until dark, ami the
result'was undetermined when it closed
for the night. Besides the trophy there
were eight money and three merchandise
prizes in this event.
The Stot kton Athletic Association gave
a boxing ex: ibition to-nitchtforthe benefit
of the shooters. Rufe Turner and Max
well, lightweights, fought t-igbt rounds,
and Butler and Lewis. 120-pound boxers
from San Francisco, punched each other
for eight rounds.
Woodland Incndinrit."*.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 30.— One of the
iargest packing-houses on the Hood Bros,
vineyard, two miles south of this city, was
destroyed by tire last night. The confla
gration is supposed to have been started
by incendiaries, a* the bouse contained
nothing but empty sweat-boxes, raisin
trays and other macbin. ry, and no cqm
bu>lihle matter had been in the building
since the last crop was harvested. The
loss is estimated at $6000, and is partially
covered by insurance. The machinery de
stayed was to have been used in the con
struction of a new cannery this summer.
NEW TO-DAY.
ipr THE OWL
« DRUG C0.,-
# THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
Jjll^ DRUGGISTS.
Roger & Giliet's Fine Per-
fumes and Toilet Waters.
Just Received a full line di-
rect from Paris.
FNEST EXTRACTS.
Tiolette de Panne • • • 75c bottle
Peau d'E^pagne • • ■ • 85c bottle
Yera Yioletta .... $1.00 buttle
White Iris ...... 1.00 battle
Heliotrope Blanc • • • 1.00 bottle
Oeillet Blanc .... 1.0!) bottle
Marechal Kiel .... 1.25 bottle
EXQUISITE TOILET WATERS.
Violet do Panne ... 75c bottle
Peau d'Espagne • • «;> • . 85c bottle
White '-.V- • ...'• -. • 85c bottle
Heliotrope Blanc '.',.■• v • 85C; bottle
Marechal Mcl • ... 85c bottle
Oeillet Blanc .... $1.00 bottle
PERFUMED FACE POWDERS.
Violet de Panne .... 50c box
Anthea Heliotrope • ... 75c box
Peau d'Espagne • • • • $1.00 box
Iris Blanc ~ • - * - • 1.00 box
Harechal \iel .... 1.25 box
REFRESHING TOILET SOAPS.
Violet de Panne • - - -50c cake
Peau d'Espagne • • • - • 75c cake
Heliotrope Blanc • - • - 75c cake
Oeillet Blanc - • - - -75c cake
Marechal Kiel •• - • $1.00 cake
The Owl Drug
CO.,
SAN FRANCISCO,
LOS ANGELES,
OAKLAND.
FREE DELIVERY TO OAKLAND, ALA-
MEDA OR BERKELEY.
DHILADELPI SHOE Ca
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
*£' •■•■''■■■4l
DON'T THAT FEN CE HURT
Your trade?— la a question we are asked every
day. and our answer is: Perhaps it does, but 3-011
see we are offering such bargains, and giving such
inducement* to our customers that they are more
than pleased to walk around the obstruction, and
in consequence our business is more than holding
Its own. We recognize the fact that we must sell
cheap if we wish to do business an.l we are selling
Shoe* and Oxfords cheaper than they were ever
offered before in this city. This week we are sell-
in? Ladles' kusset O jrds. with Pointed Toes and
lips and Hand-turned soles, for»l.oo. We have
them in C, D and X widths. -
We have a solid wearing rf>n /*"""V^- I^.
line or Misses' Donxola Hi 7 I CDdD
Kid Button Shoes, with • ***"* "»V"^>-^
Patent leather : Tips and l^*~»
Sprint; Heels, which we I < /
will sell lor 91.00 per I "V I
pair. -They fit well, wear ' I -*) I
well, and are well worth J> •*( < . 1
much more . than we are a
asking for them. We V~^ »
carry them D and X wide. VjJ*-^ '■ J
. Iff Country orders solicited.
*B* Send for New illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE. CO.,
10 Third Street, Sao Francisco,
KEW TO-PAT.
A
NOVEL
•DBA
Most parents are getting their
little folks ready for vacation
and we're going to hold a very
novel sale for Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday. We'll suffer a
little loss through this sale, but
you know the big store never
stands at trifles when it desires
to demonstrate its strength and
power as bargain . givers. We
have earned that name and we're
going to keep it.
Some 1600 clever Suits for
short trouser lads, those between
the ages of 5 and 15, as shown
in picture above) right clever
goods; swell colorings; blues,
Scotches, Homespuns, Bannock-
burn Tweeds, and those right
swell Twill Cheviots; all clev-
erly made ; the suits alone worth
all the way up to $4'
The above includes one of our
very clever Sweaters, sailor col-
\ lar, in garnet, white and navy, a
real Woolen Worsted Sweater.
The Suit, including a Sweater,
on any of these three days, Mon-
day, Tuesday and Wednesday,
at
$2^85.
Some of our smartest of Reefer
Suits there's a big assortment;
there are suits in this line rang-
ing in value up to $4; pretty
braid on collar ; deep sailor col-
lar; braid on cuffs; there's
Scotches in bright colorings ;
there's . those Homespuns in
plaids, in stripes ; awfully swell
goods; then there's those real
clever Tweeds in pretty color-
ings, and those pretty blue Rough
Twill Cheviots. *
The Reefer Suit mentioned
above includes a very clever
Worsted Sweater, made with
sailor collar, in garnet, white
and navy.
The Reefer Suit, including a
Sweater, Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday, and not after these
three days, at
$2.85,
€)®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
Of course you'll
be on hand early .
Monday.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
The San Francisco Boys,
9, 11, IS and IS
KEdRNY STREET.MEMORIAL DAY
ON THE COAST.
Graves of Departed Heroes
Are Decorated With
Flowers.
TRIBUTES TO THE DEAD.
Two Hundred Santa Rosa Girls
Garbed to Represent "Old
Glory."
AT THE SANTA MONICA HOME.
Fifteen Hundred Aged Veterans in
Solemn Procession — Services at
Many Cemeteries.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 30.— The
graves of two-score veterans were covered
with flowers to-day by those who revere
the memory of their country's dead. Ap
propriate exercises were held in the
Atheneum, in the presence of 2000 people,
while hundreds of those unable to obtain
seats or even standing-room waited out
side to join in the procession.
Company E, National Guards of Cali
fornia, under the command of Major L.
W. Juiiliard and Captain C. E. Haven, led
the long procession, followed by a drum
corps. Then came Ellsworth Post, Grand
Army of the Republic, and the Ladies'
Circle.
The next feature was something pleas
ing and novel. Two hundred little girls,
dressed in red, white and blue, were so
placed as to form a gigantic American
flag, which, viewed from an eminence,
seemed to nutter and wave like Old Glory
in the breeze.
The children were splendidly drilled,
marching and countermarching with a
degree of accuracy which created an effect
of great beauty.
After the "Living Flag" came a juvenile
drum corps, followed by hundreds of
school children carrying Sags and ban
ners. Citizens in carriages made up '.he
balance of the parade, which was nearly a
mile long. At Rural Cemetery the beauti
ful ritual of the Grand Army of the Re
public was read at the grave of Comrade
J. H. Gadds, lately called from a busy and
useful life in this city to his last earthly
home.
Ex-Mayor E. F. Woodward was the
president of the day, and the Hon. H. C.
Dibble of San Francisco delivered the ora
tion.
SANTA MONICA`S TRIBUTE.
CititettM Join With telerans in Honoring
the Nation's Dead. .
BANT A MONICA, Cal., May 30.—Deco
ration aay was observed here by the entire,
population, hundreds paying their tribute
to the Nation's dead. Citizens and griz
zled veterana assembled at the Grand
Army Hall, and from there marched to
the cemetery. There the commander of
Fort Fisher Post, H. A. Russell, delivered
an address. A prayer by Chaplain H. C.
Came followed. \Y. W. White rendered
an original poem, and then the graves
were decorated by Officer of the Day R. R.
Harris, assisted by twenty-two little girls.
Taps were sounded, and the throng joined
in singing "America."
The evening programme at the opera
house included a song by Mrs. C. M.
Kearse, the reading of Abraham Lincoln's
Gettysburg address by Miss Grace Elliott,
a memorial address by Hon. George Hol
ton, a song by Mrs. C. M. Kearse; "Cover
Them Over With Beautitul Flowers," by
Comrade J. M. Ferris, assisted by the
Misses Vernice Miller, Carrie Kiliott and
Peari Barker, and the singing of "Amer
ica" by the audience.
At "the Pacific Coast branch of the Sol
diers' Home the day was fittingly ob
served. Besides the 1500 members fully as
many more were present from Los Angeles
and other places in Southern California.
The morning procession was formed in the
f ollowing'crder :
Home Band.
Orator of the day and invited guests.
Non-commissioned staff.
Firing party.
John A. Martin Post No. 153, G. A. R.
Uncle Sam Post No. 177, G. A. R.
W. R. C. and Ladies of the G. A. R.
Children with flowers for decoration.
Members of the Home.
Members of the Home from the hospital in
carriages.
Citizens on foot.
Citizens ln carriages.
The procession wended its way to the
cemetery, where the graves were decorated
by a band of school children. Major G.
W. Arbuckie of San Francisco delivered an
eloquent address in Assembly Hall in the
afternoon.
PATRIOTIC ANGELENON
Cemeteries Thronged .by People Sear
ing Floral Emblemt. '^fgßti
LOS ANGELES, Caw, May 30.—Memo
rial day was generally observed by all
classes of citizens. The wholesale and re
tail stores, with few exceptions, were
closed before noon. The public buildings
were deserted, all day. The weather was
perfect this morning. The cars were
bright with flowers in the hands of chil
dren and their parents and friends on
their way to the cemeteries. All burial
grounds were filled early with people
engaged in decorating the graves of
soldiers.
Frank Bartlett Post went to Boyle
Heights to decorate the graves of their
comrades in Evergreen Cemetery. Com
pany A; Seventh Regiment, was present,
white the American Star Drum Corps wel
comed the band of school children.
Stanton Post, Stan ton Relief Corps and
Daughters cf Veterans went to Rosedale
Cemetery, where the ritual of the Grand
Army was given. Short addresses were
made Dv Commander Baiter and A. C.
Shafer." * •' ' " ' _ .
John A. Logan Post Woman's Relief
Corps went to the city cemetery. Chap
lain Morrison prayed, the adjutant read
orders. Miss Joy's class from the Seven
teenth-street' School sang "The Star
spangled Banner" and veterans sang
"Sleeping in Their Graves for You."
At Simpson Taoernacle the programme
opened vwi'h an organ voluntary. The
American Star Drum Corps played a beau
tiful medley with fife and drum. Alter a
prayer A. D. Coombs, A. E. Granger, J. E.
Fossav and C. 8. Cornell sang. "Blest Be
the" Ground." F. W. Stein delivered an
1 address, followed £by the reading of ex
1 President Lincoln's address at Gettysburg.
F. A. Weeth sang "The Rollcall," George
A. Hough spoke and a quartet sang "Strew
Blossoms on Their Graves."
REDWOOD HONORS HER DEAD
Senator Hart liurke Deliver* an Slo
rjurnt Memorial Adtlres*.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 30.—Deco
ration day was observed here with appro
priate ceremonies. The exercises were held
in the new Alhambra Theaver, which had j
been tastefully decorated.
Commander J. H. Mansfield of George j
S. Evans Post No. 72, Grand Army of the
Republic, opened the meeting with an ad
dress. Prayer was offered by Rev. L. D.
Rathbone, followed by a song by the Red
wood male quartet and a reading by Miss
Mary Stewart. Senator Bart Burke of
Santa Crux, orator of the day, delivered
one of the most eloquent addresses that
the people of this county have ever hadtiie
pleasure of listening to. William McDon
ald sang "The Last Mus.er." "The Blue
and Gray" was recited in concert by Miss
Hartley's class from the public schools.
The singing of "America" by the relief
corps and the audience concluded the
service sin the Alhambra.
A procession was formed and marched
to tue cemetery in the following order:
Redwood City Fire Department
Redwood Cadets.
Public School ( hlldren.
Grand Army Veterans.
Woman's Relief Corps.
Citizens of Carriages.
At the cemetery prayer was offered by
Rev. O. M. Hester, and Major Norns of
Palo Alto delivered the address, "The Un
known Dead." The graves of departed
comrades were decorated.
The members of the G. A. R. Post and
the Woman's Relief Corps, with their in
vited guests, returned to the Odd Fellows'
Hall, where refreshments were served.
After singing the old war songs, inteimin
gled with reminiscent speeches by the vet
erans, the meeting was adjourned.
WOODLAND GRAVES DECORATED
Soldiers and Civilian* Participate in
Patriotic Ceremonieß.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 30.— Decoration
day was fittingly observed in this city.
Memorial services were held under the
auspices of W. H. Seward Post No. 65, G.
A. R., and W. H. Seward Corps No. 20,
W. R. C, sojourning comrades and Sous of
Veterans.
The procession formed on Second street
and the march to the City Cemetery was
begun at 10 o'clock. In tue parade were:
Company F, N. G. C, schoolchildren, W.
H. Seward Corps No. 20, W. H. Seward
Po.-t No. 65 and citizens in carriages.
At the cemetery the usual services were
conducted by the Grand Army post, after
which a memorial address was delivered
by Rev. Frank E. Hinckley of the First
Congregational Church. The ceremony of
decorationg the graves of the dead Boldiers
concluded the exercists.
HONORED AT PETALEMA
School Children Decorate the Graves of
Veterans.
PETALUMA, Cal., May 30.— A1l banks
and public offices here were closed to-day.
Memorial exercises were held in the
scnools yesterday anu this morning the
school children joined in the procession to
the cemetery, where ceremonies of an ap
propriate character were t>eld over tue
grave* of departed soldiers, concluding
with an address by the Rev. G. W. Hays.
The theater was elaborately decorated
by the ladies and the exercises for the day
were concluded there with music suitable
to the occasion and an address by Hon.
Henry C. Dibble of San Francisco.
Observed at Tucson.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 30.— Memorial
day was generally observed here, business
houses being closed. At 4:30 o'clock a
parade formed at the opera-house, with
Negley Post, ex- Confederate soldiers,
militia, city officials, secret societies and a
great number of citizens in private convey
ances in line. The procession wended its
way to the cemetery and decorated the
graves of the country s dead. A. J. Samp
son, grand commander of the G. A. R. of
Arizona delivered an address on the plaza
this evening.
Yeterant Parade at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 30.— 8y a gen
eral suspension of business and with
jiarades and the customary religions ex
ercises, orations and Me
morial day was observed in this city.
About 500 gray«haired veterans, a remnant
of those who fought that the Nation might
live, led a long line of civic organizations
participating in the memorial parade.
NOTRE DAME GRADUATES
Seven Young Ladies Awarded
Diplomas at Redwood City's
Academy.
Entertaining Commencement Exer
cises in a Prettily Decorated
Auditorium.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 30.-
Graduation exercises were held at the
Academy of Notre Dame in this city
yesterday, and more visitors than could
find comfortable seating-room crowded
the auditorium of the school. There were
many pretty floral decorations arranged
with pleasing effect by the sisters in cnarge
of the school, assisted by their pupils.
The exercises evidenced patient training
on the part of :he teachers.
The programme opened with an en
trance march by Misses Wolf, Hedge and
Dowling. This was followed by the
chorus, "Floral Greeting," by the junior
pupils.
The operetta "Genevieve," in three
parts, was rendered by these seven young
ladies, who constituted the graduating
class: Misses; Eva Solen. M. Lynch, M.
O'Brien, M. Dolan, K. Murphy, M. Mc-
Carthy, Pauline Hanson.
Another interesting number on the pro
gramme was the original allegory, "Youth
and Her Visitants," rendered in recita
tion and sone by a numb er of young ladies
clad in pretty costumes, w o represented
Youth and her attendant virtues:
Pleasure, Sorrow, Experience, Patience,
Truth, Faith. Peace. Wisdom, Hop?,
Prayer and Labor. Miss Dolly Kerise
supplied the accompanying music. Miss
Murphy, the cia«s medalist, recited an
original poem entitled "Semper Fideles,"
the class motto. Owine to the absence of
Rev. D. O'Sulliv/in, the parish priest, Rev.
Father 0 Rio dan of Menlo Park pre
sented the diplomas to th c graduates.
SELMA GRADUATES.
JPoMrioen Student* of thf Union High
School Krctivfi Aurarda.
SELMA, Cal., May 30.— The graduatiug
exercises of the Selma High School were
held in the opera-house last evening. The
house was crowded to the doors. The
decorations were artistic, the class motto,
'Rowing, Not Drifting," being displayed
over the sta^e, surrounded by a wreath of
ivy, while flowers and greens were dis
played in profusion.
A class of fourteen graduated and re
ceived their diplomas from W. F. Chan
dler of the High School Board. They
were: Bessie M. Anderson, Maude E.
Burnett. Elsie Cutter, Anne Barrett, Fran
cis E. Barieau, Jesse Durham. M. Etta
Gilbert, Lulu Gilbert, Nina L. Huffman,
Bes-ie B. Huntsman. Clara I. Miller, Ada
Parlier. Edith Rosenthal, Willard W.
TerrilJ.
The programme rendered was especially
interesting; the musical numbers were
meritorious and the class work showed
marked ability. The cla.-is prophecy was
was pronounced by college people one of
the best in all its feaiurt s ever jriven.
Selma Union High School is a flourish
ing institution. Over eighty pupils were
enrolled during the past year. The teach
ers, Professor F. R. Canch, principal, and
Professor A. B. Abshire and Miss Flor
ence Stull, assistants, are highly com
mended for their work and its results in
the school.
TMJiJ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
LOST THE TRAIL
NEAR ROCKY BAR.
Two Women Attempt to
Cross the Mountains
on Snowshoes.
STRAY FROM THE PATH.
One Succumbs to the Bitter Cold
and Dies in Her Com
panion's Arms.
FOUND BY A MAIL-CAREIEE.
He Comes Upon the Half-Froz n n Sur
vivor, Weeping Over the Body
of Her Friend.
ROCKY BAR, Idaho, May 30.— Mrs.
Morrow of Boise City and a friend. Miss
Hoffman, started several days ago to
travel on snowshoes over the mountains
from Atlanta to this place. The foolhardy
venture, which few men care to attempt,
resulted in the death of Miss Hoffman
near the summit of the mountains, and
Mrs. Morrow's life is despaired of. Tnese
two frail women, actuated by a spirit of
adventure, underwent an experience such
as few of their sex could survive, and that
one of them still lives is a matter of won
derment for the hardy mountaineers.
Soon after starting from Atlanta, which
is eighteen miles from Rocky Bar, they
lost the trail and nieht overtook them.
It was bitterly cold and they could find no
shelter. They dug a hole in the snow be
side a large tree, and crouched there to
await the death that they believed would
soon come. During the nirht Miss Hoff
man succumbed to the cold and exhaus
tion.
A mail-carrier who passed the next day
found Mrs. Morrow in a very exhausted
condition, holding the stfffened corpse of
her friend in her arms. Ttiey were found
one and a half miles from the regular trail
through the mountains. The scene was as
startling as it was pitiable.
The angwish of the survivor, mourning
over the body of one of her sex in that
out-of-the-way place, and alone in the
night, moved the mail-carrier to tears.
Aid was summoned and Mrs. Morrow and
the body of Miss Hoffman were carried to
a settler's cabin. Mrs. Morrow is now ly
ing in a critical condition at this place.
TROUBLE IN A SAN LUIS BANK.
Stockholders Petition in Court for a De-
cree Removing Three of the
Directors.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 30.— A
complaint was filed in the Superior Court
yesterday by I. G. Wickersham of Peta
luma against James L. Crittenden, 8. W.
Wilson, Tnomas T. Crittenden and the
Bank of San Luis Obispo, asking for a de
cree removing James L. and Thomas T.
Crittenden and S. W. Wilson from the
office of directors of the bank, to close up
the business of the bank by liquidation
and, for that purpose, to appoint a receiver
to take charge of the assets of the bank,
convert them into money, discharge all
liabilities and distribute the balance to the
stockholders.
The complaint alleges that the bank is
a corporation with a capital stock of $100,
000 divided into 1000 shares of |100 each;
that the plaintiff is the ownerof 334 shares
and James L. Crittenden owns a small
majority of the stock, and has since Oc
tober 14, 1890; that the defendants, S. W.
Wilson and T. T. Crittenden, have each
ten shares transferred to them by James
L. Crittenden to enable them to act as di
rectors, but James L. Crittenderr is the
actual owner; that at one time the bank
was doing a large and profitable business.
It had assets of about |600,000 in bills re
ceivable, bark premises valued at $17,000,
other real estate valued at $28,000. cash
$31,000, and overdrafts of $100,000. It had
a paid-up capital of $100,000, and a surplus
of f'JW.OOO, and deposits on open account
of $210,000, and it was the leading bank in
San Luis Obispo.
It is also charged that Crittenden, hav
ing control of the board of directors, draws
;t salary of $250 per month, pays a cashier
$175. and his brother as bookkeeper $150
for wholly unnecessary services, and that
the business of the bank has been grad
ually destroyed by the mismanagement of
James Crittenden, and that no recupera
tion is possible. Bills receivable hHVe run
down from $600,000 to $43 000; time de
posits from $250,000 to $^0,000; and in open
account from $310,000 to $18,000.
UIT mineral drugs
and go to using a pure herb remedy. If
you use this Herb remedy you will have
no pimples on your face, no blemishes, no
boils— notbinß to show that your blood is
being purified, except a better feeling, a
clearer eye, a better stomach. If you are
constipated be sure you use
TESTIMONIAL,.
The E. W. Joy Company— Gentlemen: For a
lonf? time I was troubled with liver complaint
and all manner of weaknesses traceable to an
unhealthy liver. I tried many so-called liver
and kidney cures without effect. My attention
was called by a friend to Joy's Vegetable
Sar'stiparillß as not only being a splendid liver
and kidney remedy, but embodying as well a
blood purifier that would at the same time be
a tonic for the whole system. I Immediately
commenced taking it. I»m not now ready to
say whether it was the blood purifier or the
liver remedy that was in it that effected the
change. At any rate your Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla effected a complete cure. It is a magnifi-
cent liver and kidney regulator.
HENR\ LICK,
708 Montgomery street, City.
NEW TO-DAY.
2000 Turkish A Complete Concerts by China Ladies* Emergency
The Emporium
Lippincott's Slippers, Change in Orchestra. Decorated Sterling Silver Hospital.
Copyright 55c. The Window Leadership of To Order Blouse Sets, \ n c harge of a
Mr.
Novels at 25c, Displays. John Marquardt. In the 40c* trained nurse from
Embroidered Tuesday,
Usually sold at with gold- Worth going Thursday and China Regular 50c. the Waldeck
finished, large Miles to see. Saturday Nights Jewelry
50c. Silk Tassels. Watch them. This Week. Department • Department. Sanitarium.
A sale in the EMPORIUM is a fair exchange of our goods for your money. If you ever think that this is not so and are dissatisfied
with your purchase we will return your money for our goods if the same are brought back in reasonable time and in the same condition as
received.
200,000 VISITORS IN ONE WEEK.
Few stores in the world can' boast of such an enormous attendance in so short a time. One week old and already a source
of helpfulness and a real necessity to the people of California. Little hitches here and there, of course, in this first week's busi-
ness, but easily remedied. Remember the volume of business was immense and our methods new to the California salespeople
and clerks that we employ.
Help from the East, experienced in our modern facilities for doing business, might have made things runs a little smoother,
but our policy is to EMPLOY HOME LABOR and to use home products whenever possible, and in this way do our mite
toward increasing the prosperity of the City and the State.
This week service will be better in every way. Next week it will be better still, and in a month's time no store in the
world will excel us in the rapidity and accuracy in which we will be able to transact business.
Porcelain
Clocks,
$1.95.
5 inches high, 5^
inches wide, a
dozen shapes,
$1.95 to 52. 20,
hand painted.
Complete
Prescription
Department
in the Drug-
store.
Prescriptions
25c,
Unless some un-
usually expensive
drug.
Optical Goods.
A stock complete
in every way and
prices low.
Coming Styles.
A beautiful book
with colored
plates, showing in
advance of their
season the styles
that are to be,
15c Each.
Models by the
European dictators
of fashion— Felix,
Drecoll, Izam-
bard, Hirsch &
Cie, Jules Bister,
Emilia Bossi,
Vogels, Manning
and many others.
On sale in the
Book Department.
Czar Bicycles,
$100 high grade,
$90.
Bicycle Depart-
ment and great
Riding Academy
on fifth floor,
Jessie-street side.
Fresh Caramels
And Buttercups,
25c Pound.
The Emporium
Derby Hat,
$2.00.
Black, brown or
nutria — made es-
pecially for us by
a famous hatter
and worth $3.
Upright Piano,
$165.
With cover and
stool — a perfect
instrument.
Full line of Mu-
sical Instruments
in this depart-
ment.
Fancy Matting.
300 rolls on sale
to-morrow at
10c Yard.
Best DreSS Styles exclusive at the
r*w»^i.r, \i 1 Emporium, presenting
bOOdS Value the appearance of
You've Ever g°°ds sold at double
Unntin the P ric . e elsewhere
iMluWn. an d qualities to back
up their looks. Only two items given to
show what we are doing in this — one
of the grandest departments in this won-
derful store — two items selected from
hundreds.
At 29c the yard — 38-inch Bamock Suit-
ing, positively all wool, neat patterns,
exceedingly stylish, should be 50c.
At 48c the yard — 52-inch Tweed Suit-
ings, especially adapted for street wear
and traveling costumes, cannot be dupli-
cated under 51.25.
Millinery Although our sales
lYrv~~.~i~.~~4. were phenomenal last
uepartment. wee k we have stm
many hats for you to choose from and
others are coming. June brings beauti-
ful flowers — come and see ours.
At 33c the bunch— ROSES in red,
peach, pink and yellow, every bunch
contains two large roses and two buds
with foliage.
At 48c the bunch — Better quality
ROSES in pink, yellow and peach with
foliage — would look well on any. hat.
At 58c the bunch— Silk Moss Roses in
red, yellow, pink and resada, worth 75c
at the lowest
Great Special Sale Men's, Boys 9 and Children s Clothing,
Monday, June I. . ,
<^s $135,000 Worth of fine clothing in our opening stock— far advanced— and fZ~r f k
\^j to immediately reduce this great . stock we make extraordinary reduc- . ll^ A
.SC tions from prices that were already low. -. A\ \ L
MM Men's Outing Suits, $3.95. h^lX''
j it [I ) For Monday only we will offer 500 Cheviot Sack Suits, cut in the latest styles, vlQ^i^J \ \
& lf\&J in five different color effects. The suits are well made, good trimmings, and are tN "Wygj \
=^T 7/1 llAl f>r\& on| y offered to introduce you to our great clothing department— MONDAY only— (0 ,*l \
1 \^\ r\<V' and but 500 of these suits. 7*% I I
I A uits Men's Work Pants, 75 Cents. rStJJI
/ 1 i£^ O5 These are the . famous iron-clad pants, guaranteed not to rip, in light or dark . td-5* 3
IV *y**^ stripe. Why wear overalls' when the EMPORIUM offers you a good looking
j \ r s' pair of pants at such an absurdly low price ? , 'i-^r-Vi l^^^r^^M
■ Children's Wash Suits, 65 Cents. 1^
• ■ --■ _• Blouse effects, wide sailor collars, colors navy blue stripes, ages 3to 7 years.
y^r-^N ' The material alone could not be purchased for this money. /^^^K
g Blouse effects, wide sailor Waists, navy Cents. ages 3to 7 years. (JIW
The material alone could not be purchased for this money. /^^^K
Children's "Star" Waists, 65 Cents. (Oy
;i; i : I \ %)r'' • These are the regular $i and $125 "Star" Waists, all white or fancy dark and t*#. 1 1 if
'• ! ttkf light percales, perfectly laundered. X ««^K ill
I • 1 ViWJJ Men's Fine Suits, $13.50. %\L W\-
,., L j| liil |1 CSS All-wool, clay worsted, black or gray, fine cheviot mixtures, double and single £ t?2 '/ A
"irF^fcTuHl g '' breasted sacks, perfectly tailored, lined with good Farmer satin, the kind usually 00 y J \^»
HlMiwItHA sold at $18; your pick of 460 suits at $13 50. . Tr? ' s&
Crockery J hr «- . g reat . specials \
n . ' x for this week s sell- 1
Department. ing— We want you to !
become acquainted with the largest and j
best appointed Crockery Department in j
the West. We want you to become ac-
quainted with our low prices, and we have
even cut into them on these three items j
to induce a special visit of inspection and j
purchase. .
Toilet Sets. , fig?s^>
English make, full (fy^^k
decoration design, as JL/>t?T|^A^
in cut, in pink, blue rMS^i^Th^\
or brown. A^l ~&fei&/^ ,jjJ I
6-pieceset - $1.90 y^-^S^sjJ---^
10-piece set - - 2.65 -r^y
12-piece set, with
jar -" ' • '4-90
American Toi- /«^7Nv
let Sets. / \i&s£*\gr lA
Filled-in colors, full f -W%\
gold lined, unusually sj \&* Is. I
io-pieceset - $5.85 Vsspfv\. ' MVM V
12-piece set, with $yy'
Dinner Sets.
Finest quality Eng-
lish semi -porcelain, /^ < *"~~\
pure white, looks like r/ <mm \\
real china. . ('(^*~ty )
S3, pieces com- V ™t_/ Ll_
plete for six . r /*£.■"***. \ j
people - - $4.85 / /A. - 14.I 4 . \
104 pieces com- 1 '• — -. .^_..y ,
plete for 12 ■ .
people -. , - 8.30 \
alwemtjeth-
*_^ hi ™ ™ '^."™j_ i SL R v El jj n%3 fejf ( y% '• ' '
%^^^^^^J%mmEi STREET, _
%kh Franc 1 sco. (mm
We furnish /^*^*^—^.^ J^^?-> 'We are the EXCLUSIVE
Cakes, Ices, L *^^^& AGENCY for the genuine JOU- FINE— -I - ... ...,,.,
Icecreams, IN & IE Kid Gloves— are - — IRISH POINT— Best French
Etc., e^X^^^^^^ ::::^ good grades of stylish gloves LACE CURTAINS, Mixed Candy
For Weddings and %£g*i*Z^'^ —at prices ranging from --$2.50 PAIR. The kind '
Parties - \£s>< 75c up. 35c Pound.
! Muslin T 0 - da y's rare offerings j
Underwear ' wear and Infants' Wear
Underwear wea r and Infants' Wear
Department, means money saving to
the women of Calif or-
nia. It means that you j
*?£%£?§}> no longer need be wor-
Jffy X\k ried with the work of
///I V\ making these articles
Us \ at home, for these
/ \ ready -to - wear - gar-
I A ments are made just as
/ j 1 well as expert seam-
I 1 * stresses can do the
I - Jr work, and the ma-
%^=sss*eg£37 r ' terials alone would cost
i^r^rrrgrr^ you the prices we are
S : 3??SsSSesSK> asking. For example:
At .48c— Ladies' White Skirts, plain or
hemstitched and tucked, regular price
elsewhere 60c.
At 48c— Ladies' White Muslin Skirts,
embroidered and ruffled, regular price 75c.
At 59c — Several styles of Ladies'
j Gowns, cut in Empire fashion, extra
J value.
.At 24c — Ladies' Embroidered Muslin
Drawers, ruffled, plain tucks or hem-
stitched.
At 29c — Several styles of Ladies' Draw-
ers, embroidered and ruffled, worth 60c a
pair. . i
Special Drives Th l pric f ha^
1 j c •* j withered with
In the bUlt and the advance of
Cloak Department. Jif Sif "' aTe
finds them at the lowest point reliable mer-
chandise has yet reached in San Fran-
cisco. If we could have only begun busi- :
ness two months earlier the advantage
would have been ours instead of yours.
This week we will sell a well-made Blazer
Dress, jacket lined with silk, for $9.50;
a beautiful Kersey Jacket for $5, and other
prices in the same proportion. For ex-
ample:
All-wool cloth, double capes,velvet collar,
top cape finished with five rows of Mohair
braid, colors black or blue, only $1.50.
Heavy silk capes, fancy collars, trimmed
with jet and ribbons, lined throughout with j
fine silk, full circle cut, only $6.50.
Fine velvet capes, elaborately embroid-
ered with jet, lined with silk, full circle
cut, also marked $6.50.
Extra Special.
Children's Reefers, all-wool material,
brass buttons, ages 4 to 10 years, in blues
and tans, made in pretty and attractive
styles ; $1 each.
Women's and Our styles are the
ij , r;__ very latest from the
Irien S line leading manufactur-
ShoeS. ers in America. A
perfect assortment
of black or tan shoes for summer wear,
and, owing to the advance of the season,
at prices which will save you from 50c to
$1.00 per pair.
Silks at Tli e manager of our Silk
Your Own De P artment 7 a m . an of
1 uui uwii many years expenence^ —
Figures, declares that the low
" markings on the Silks in
his hundred feet of shelving are unprece-
dented in the history of this city. Every
yard is marked at a "late-in-the-season''
price. No other silk offerings in 'Frisco
worthy of the name of bargains. A
fresh, bright stock that has not yet been
picked over. As examples of values:
Colored Silks.
At 48c — Scotch Plaids, newest designs,
extra value.
At 75c— Fancy Scotch Plaid Surah,
choice patterns, cannot be duplicated at
$1.00.
At 89c — Taffeta Plaid, very choice and
beautiful designs and colors, regular
price of this silk is $1.25.
At 45c — Jacquard Weave, Fancy Taf-
feta, regular value from 75c to $1.00.
Wash Fabrics.
At 12 1-2 C — 29-inch wide Glasgow
Dimities, beautiful effects, good value for
15c a yard.
At 7c — Toile de Lame, beautiful flow-
ered effects, worth 10c a yard.
At lie — Crinkled Crepon, 28 inches
wide, worth 12 1-2 C a yard.
At 9 1-2C — Striped Duck, also solid
colors and small figures, cannot be dupli-
cated at 12 1-2 C a yard.
Men's
Russets.
. Some very pretty x
shapes to be worn f*^^*
with light colored \
trousers. You will r /sUL^?*
need these for the \\^pWjS,
vacation outing — LX^.
dark and light 11 *^^
shades, razor-toe _„, ,7i^
russets as
you . have been
charged elsewhere
$5 for - - $3.50 ,
Extra fine Russet
Bals, in all the lead-
ing styles of toes
and shades, the fa- '/KS&^^
mous Burt & Pack- ( \^>^3«.
ard make at - $5 V^Tr^te
Ladies'
Oxford Ties, hand- \\/^""'wjS
turn, cloth top, V>\_ <Vgk
Louis XV heel, $3.50 v»P<r**Ss^tk
Ladies' Russet \ V
Kid Oxford Ties, /iQ*w ' '
needle toe, also same (v^^a
style in cloth top V/V^P^
Ladies' Southern > >y* l ! n *V t
Tie, cloth top, razor /*v >w3^s
toe, patent tip ■'
Ladies' Patent V^s^^^'
Leather Oxford, irvOL_ «V
cloth top, Louis XV H**V">n3&
heel, needle toe : |)^ ~^v |
• • • • $4.50 '
5
Oak Kitchen
Clocks,
$1.95.
Best lever move-
ment — one-day
time— warranted.
3000 Cloth-
bound Books.
Good stories for
boys and girls —
published at 75c—
special price
35c.
"Tom Grogan/*
F. Hopkinson
Smith's new book
— just out at
$1.50 — our price
90c.
5000 Regular
25c Paper-
covered Novels,
On sale at
10c Each.
The Emporium
Bicycle,
A first-class 575
wheel — made for
us only —
$55.
Repairing and
Glass-Engraving
Shops.
Come and see the
workmen at their
labors — it's an in-
teresting exhibit.
Woodbury's
Facial Soap.
50c size,
20c per Cake,
Or 50c a box of 3
cakes.
Children's
Hyperion Bows.
Perfect beauties —
25c and 45c.
In the Haberdash-
ery Department.
Men's $1.50
Underwear.
In silver gray,
blue, brown, etc.
90c Suit.
Ladies' and
Children's
Shoes
Polished FREE of
charge by expert
girls in the Shoe
Department.
Men's $1.00
Working Shirts
Look well and
wear-well kind —
only
65c Each.
When you see the
Three Flags
Up on the
Emporium
It means a Concert
will take place
that night
Men's 75c
And $1.00
Neckwear.
Two Ties for the
value of one.
Special at
45c.6
WHAT WILL HE
DO WITH IT?
Superintendent Ashworth's
Surprising Esti
mate.
A MILLION AND A HALY.
Scathing Criticism of the Super
visors' Expert, G. W.
Elder.
HALF THAT SUM SUFFICIENT.
The Rest May Be Needed for Politi
cal Purposes— The Taxpayers'
Redress.
What will* he do with it? "He" refers
to Superintendent Thomas Ashworth and
"it" to the appropriation desired by him
to carry on the business of the San Fran-
THOMAS ASHWORTU.
Cisco Street Department during the ensu
ing fiscal year. The royal sum desired by
him is $1,558,180 10, which is only $1,000,
000 more than was deemed to be sufficient
by the Board of Supervisors for the needs \
of the current year. There has been no
material increase during the past year in
the mileage of the public streets of San
Francisco, the rate of wages or the cost of
material, and the citizens, in consequence,
assuming him to be an honest though mis
guided old gentleman, are inquiring of j
one another: "What is the matter with |
Superintendent Ashworth?" It is impos- \
sible to answer with any degree of accu
racy, although it has been suggested that
his ambition has run away with his judg- ;
ment, and that now, in the sere and yellow '
leaf, he has degenerated into a pliant tool
of unscrupulous and grasping politicians.
Whether or not this be true The Call does
not attempt to nay, but such at all events is
the firm conviction of many of his former
friends and political supporters. Follow
ing is Superintendent Ashworth's official
estimate, in detail, of the expenses of run
ning his department during the coming
fiscal year:
Salary of So perinlendent of Streets . . 94.000 00
baUries-of deputies. H8.500 00
Street Department fund—
Repairs on county roads 10.000
Sweeping of streets. 50,000
Cleaning and repairing of sewers and
material 75,000 00
Kepavitie and' repairing accepted
streets other Uian streets now
paved with cobbles. '.250,000 00
Improvement of streets 111 front of
city property 50,000 00
raving the accepted blocks and
crossings on Van Ness avenue
that are now macadamized........ 46.630 10
Improvements and maintenance of
parks ami squares 60,000 00
Repwing of Uolden Gate avenue be- -■•--.
l ween Market and .Steiner streets 45,000 00
Repaying fc'olsoin MM from Sixth
easterly; also between Ninth and
Tenth streets and the crossings
of Ninth and Twelfth streets 45,000 00
l'.epavijig streets now paved with
cobbles 400,000 00
Piling and planking streets on the
waterfront for tliai portion for
wtilcli the city is liable 150,000 00
Repaying Market street.: 160,00000
Engineering and surveys 10,000 00
Improvements in front of public
parks and squares —
Alamo Square 12,00000
liuena Vista Park 5.00000
FranfcllnPark , 000 00
t. olden Cat* Park 000 00
Garfleid Square 3.600 00
Holly Park. ....; 10,00000
Hamilton Square 1 650 OO
Jefferson Square 10,600 00
iJtfayHtte Square 10.500 00
Washington Square I*2oo 00
South Park ' 800 00
$1,658,180 10
While it might be difficult to explain
satisfactorily what use the Superintendent
of Streets would be likely to make of this
comparatively colossal sum, in the event
it should by any mischance.be allowed
him by the Supervisors, it is compara
tively easy to show that it is not required
ana would not be expended in tne im
provement and maintenance of the public
streets.
"Why," exclaimed George W. Elder,
who is the expert ol the Street Committee
of the Board of Supervisors, "I should
like nothing better than to take a contract
to do that identical work for which Sut>er
intendent Ash worth imagines he needs
$1,558,180 10 for $750,000, and I would
give bonds to do a satisfactory job.
A great deal of the work done
upon our public streets during the
Ashworth administration, as I happen to
know, is literally rotten. He is personally
honest, I suppose, but has been led away
by his official advisers aud subordinates,
until now he seems to have wheels in .his
head. The truth is that he does not wish
that million and a halt for legitimate
street uses, but to enable him to create a
dummy payroll, upon which he can •« carry
a host of political parasites, who will turn
out when required and electioneer for him.
"I've carefully investigated the Superin
tendent s estimate, and am prepared to
prove the truth of my statements. : Let us
look at it and you will see. For - the item
of repaying and repairing accepted streets,
other than those already paved with cob
bles, the estimate of the Superintendent
is $250,000, and any number of reputable
contractors tell me that they will willingly
agree to do it for $50,000, tne . difference to
the tax-payers being only $200,000.
"For i repaying • street* : now paved with"
cobbles the estimate is $400,000. There
are : 182 blocks of { cobble pavements, and
this sum, to re pave them with bitumen or
basalt blocks, is altogether too high, for
the reason that about hill of these cobble
blocks are laid upon hillsides having ex
cessively steep grades and where cobbles
only can be used to advantage. If let to
the lowest bidder in a public competition
the rate ought not to exceed $2500 a block,
which, estimating a hundred Mocks,
would make the total $250,000, a reduction
of $150,000 in the Superintendents figures.
"For piling and planking streets along
the watiT front for that portion for which
the City is liable the official estimate is for
$150,000. You can see indicated on this
map of the water tront all such repairs as
will be absolutely necessary there during
the next fiscal year. The space extends
from Folsom to Brannan, along the water
front, and comprises 2250 front feet, all
that T.ill actually be in need of an entire
reconstruction during the coming tiscal
year. Estimated l>y the front foot this will
hot exceed $20 a foot, including piling, cap
ping and planking. The job coula be done
lor $45,000, yet the Superintendent esti
mates $150,000.
"For the improvementof streets in front
of City property his estimate is $50,000.
This is for the improvement of streets and
sidewalks in front of school lots, lire lots
and public squares, but in another item
the Superintendent calls for $94,050 for im
provements in front of public parks ami
squares. The sum of the two items is
$144,050. In most cases the sidewalks and
streets in front of all such property for
which the City is liable have already been
improved and the bills paid. The exorbi
tant sum in the estimate is, consequently,
entirely uncalled for to meet the expenses
of the coming year. Do you notice, too,
how misleading are the estimates of Super
intendent Ashworth, and how in these
last items he has played both ends against
the middle?
"For the repaying of Market street with
bituminous rock his estimate is $150,000.
The oliicial maps on file in the office of the
City and County Surveyor shqw the total
number of square feet in Market street,
from East to the jnnction of Market and
Valencia, to De 875,520. The City is liable
for only 468,050 feet, the railroad 'company
being responsible for the remainder.
Adding the crossings and intersecting
streets, which approximate I^o,ooo feet,
we get,a total of 648,050 square feet. If the
old material now in the street and worth
8 cents were retained by the contractor
the cost of repaying Market street oould
be reduced to $78,000, which is a little
more than half the sum required by Ash
worth.
"I thin* tne $46,630 10 estimated for the
paving of accepted blocks and crossings
now macadamized on Van Ness avenue
extravagant, yet tne half dozen blocks in
cluded should be placed as soon as pos
sible upon a concrete foundation.
"For cleaning and repairing sewers the
Superintendent asks for $70,000, when the
work could easily be done by contract for
$40,000.
"Tbe estimate of $130,000 for sweeping
the streets is al?o excessive, and far more
than has ever been allowed for this pur
pose. It can be materially decreased by
public competition, as bids are soon to be
invited for the cleaning of accepted street*.
'Perhaps the most manifestly absurd
item in ihe estimate is that calline for the
repaying of Golden Gate avenue, from
Market street to Steiner. Now, the ave
nue does not need repaying for anything
like its entire length. There are but two
bad blocks in it— Gough street to La
guna—and an expenditure of $0000 would
put the avenue in excellent condition all
the way from Market street to Pteiner.
"In conclusion 1 may say that if the
Street Department was run upon business
principles $750,000 would suffice to meet all
legitimate expenses for the ensuing year.
I should Jike to take the contract at that
sura myself, lor I am confident I could do
a good job and make money on it. The
demands of Superintendent Ashworth are
unreasonably excessive as I have clearly
demonstrated and they never will be ap
proved by the Board of Supervisors. It is
truly lamentable the way our streets are
slighted, and the only redress I can see
for the taxpayers of Ban Francisco is to
give tnem into the management of a Board
of Public Works."
The champion fat man of the world is
M. Canonberg, who is of Swigs nationality,
and weighs over 560 pounds. His health is
excellent, and bis appetite takes in enough
food for five persons,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
TO-DAT DRY GOODS.
lASALE OF IMPORTANCE!
H IMPORTANT
'4 Jacket and Cape Sale.
V We will not wait until July Ito
Q commence our marking down. We're
jT doing it now, right now, when you
O want a new carmen t for the season
X and can get several months' use out
V of it.
Q $4.00 Black Serge Jackets ........ $2.50
JL $5.00 Tan Cloth Jackets $3.50
V $6.50 Cheviot Jackets $4.50
/S $7.50 Silk-lined Tan Jackets $5.00
V $10.00 Silk-lined Tan Jackets....
p $12.50 Silk-lined Tan Jackets....
JL The above Jackets are all the new
0 spring and summer shapes, the very
JL latest styles in short, medium and
V Ion?.. lengths. Some silk lined, some
A silk faced, others self-laced. The ma-
jf terials are of the best, the colors in
. P some are black, navy bine and tans,
1 otners as stated.
X $2.00 Capes reduced to 95c ;
P $3.00 Capes reduced to $1.50 '
JL $5.00 Capes reduced to $2.50
V $10.00 Capes reduced to $5.00 ;
A $15.00 Capes reduced to $9.50 i
•T $18.00 Capes reduced to $12.50 '
0 $22.50 Capes reduced to $15.00 !
I $30.00 Capes reduced to $20.00 j
V $40.00 Capes reduced to $30.00 '
A $50.00 Capes reduced to $35.00
jT The above offerings consist of al-
P most our entire purchase of this sea-
I son's latest creations in Foreign and
V Domestic Cloths, Silks. Laces and
/k Velvets. Not one of them, no matter >
Vr at what price it is quoted, but is ':
(*) strictly this season's goods.
6 Girls' Jackets at... 9.5 c
X Girls' Jackets at $1.25
V*. Girls' Jackets at $1.93
V At these three prices we are offer-
(S ing every Reefer Jacket In our stock
JL that sold up to $5. They are divided
P into three lots and include Fancy,
JL Mottled and Mixed Cheviots, some
V of them neatly trimmed with braids, ;
(S etc.
Q Girls' Capes at ....95c I
(•) •) A line that sold at $1.50 each, made j
®p of Tan and Red Cloths, scalloped i
»:£ bottom and collar, edged with Per-
gji sian Trimming, Ribbon, Bow and
(iyi, Streamers at neck. All sizes.
<f>S) In the Downstairs Salesroom we
( ;>'jy are selling last season's Jackets of
'*■$ , every kind, style, shape ana color at
£(§ less than 25 cents on the dollar. Some |
<X;i) splendid things among them.
POPPER OUT ALL NIGHT
Democrats Showing How an
Ideal Election Board Can
Manage a Count.
Heroic Work at Junta Headquarters
to Help Max's Plan for Getting
Good Election Officers.
The Junta headquarters in the Flood
building afforded last evening a marvel
du* exhibition of self-sacrifice sincerely
made in the interest of good government
by real Democratic politicians.
Men worked throngh the afternoon and
evening and then through the night that
it may be shown to the Election Commia
sioners by Max Popper to-morrow morn-
UCUKUt, Kl.Ul-.K. -
ing how quickly, correctly and decently a
board of election officers can count the
average number of ballots voted in a pre
cinct if the officers be competent and in
telligent men selected with somewhat care
ful judgment.
Max Popper appeared before the board
at its last meeting with a plea that the
Commissioners sbouid this year appoint
election officers only after investigation of
their character and competency, that mis
takes and crimes might be avoided and
the work done more quickly. The Com
missioners aid not take to the idea with
C The most IMPORTANT to you and to us that has ever taken 3
G place in our house. We were never in a better position to offer 3
C bargains than we are at the present time. Having a staff of buyers in D
Cj New York, headed by a member of our corporation, and taking 3
C advantage of the hitherto unheard-of "dull times" prevalent in every 3
Vq channel— where CASH BUYERS are looked upon as "angels of dcliv- 3
C erance"— we have bought goods that we can and are selling lower than 5
C the majority of merchants pay for them. OUR GOODS AND OUR 3
C PRICES are our attractions. If you want "RIGHT GOODS ATI)
U PROPER PRICES" come to us. 5
Important Silk Sale.
The recent great slaughtering of Silks in
the New York auction-rooms has set the
future price of these goods. They can now
be bought at almost GO ceDts on the dollar
of the prices a few weets azo. Our prices
nere are reduced the same way. "Another
evidence of what it means to be continu-
ally represented at headquarters.
50c Two-toned Novelty Silks in ser-
pentine patterns 35c
50c Dresden Zephyr Silks 39c
75c Pompadours and Dresdens 50c i
75c Evening Silks, white satin grounds
with colored stripe ..50c !
$1.00 Dresden Brocades 75c j
(isc Black Surah, all silk 45c
$1.00 Black Crystal Bengaline 65c
$1.00 B,lackßhadamea....... 75c
$1.00 Black Figured Gros Grains 75c
$1.15 Black Figured Gros Grains. 85c
85c Plain Blacfc Gro3 Grains .....C9c
DRESSTOODS.
Prices in full keeping with the Silks, <
The styles are all this season's latest.
Colors.
2") C Fancy Suitings 12^c
30c Silk and Wool Fabrics ...15c
25c Fancy Glace Mohairs ...15s
40c French All- Wool Serges 25c
50c Silk and Wool Plaids 30a
50c All-Wool Scotch Cheviots 35c
50c Fancy English Mohairs 35c
75c Redfern Suitings, 54-inch .50c
75c Parisian Suitings 50c
$1.00 High-Grade Novelties 59c
Blacks. . .
400 AH- Wool Serges 25c
50c Jacquard Mohairs , 3oc
75c French Crcpons.. 50c
75c Novelty Figures 75c
$1.50 Sizarii Suitings .$l.OO ;
SIIEEfMSIC.
Over 5000 Copies Vocal and Instrumental
Music at 5c a copy. All popular copy-
righted music at half price.
OUR FASHION CATALOGUE showing complete lines of Spring and Summer Goods of every kind and description will I
be sent FREE OF CHARGE to any interior address upon request. Send your name on a postal card.
>Oo<H>o<>O<HK>O<>OOO<X>O<>-O<>oO<><>o<HX>O<><X>O<^^
especial kindness. Popper promised to be
at tbe next meeting with a plan of doing
this and with the results of a practical ex
periment with a board of election officers.
The plan is ready. Mr. Popper starts
with the list of citizens eligible to appoint
ment by reason of being on the assess
ment roll, which the law requires to be
made out but which never cuts much of a
figure. This roil contains about 17,300
voters. Popper's pian is to have sent to
ail these citizens a circular and a blank re
questing application for appointment on
the election boards to which they are eli
gible. He thinks that the number of true
and intelligent men who will respond will
surprise, partly because three in each pre
cinct earn $40 and nine more earn $10.
Each man is to state what Presidential
candidate be voted for last, and this is to
determine his party politics. Popper ar
gues that this list of applications will be a
better thine to go by than the nomina
tions of county committees and sent in at
a late time. He would have enforced tne
law making it a misdemeanor for a citizen
to refuse to serve if appointed. This plan
will be elucidated by Mr. Popper at the
meeting to-morrow xnornine.
For the experiment to show what the
right sort of an election board would do,
200 blank ballots, general and municipal,
left over from the last election, were
taken to tbe Flood building with the reg
ular tally iists, etc. Then Popper and
some of his friends started in. The ballots
were stamped during the afternoon, every
office and every amendment on the bal
lots being stamped with a vote.
Few ballots in a real election are given
more than partial attention by voters.
The voting was done with non-partisan
indiscrimination and usual mistakes were
purposely made.
At sp. M. Max Popper, Harry Zeman
sky. Thomas Conboy, H. L. Bienrield and
M. McElroy were ready for the counting
job. The counting was done exactly as in
an election booth and was done steadily
with no effort at speed.
It was estimated that the ballots as
stamped were equal to 225 average bal
lots. The general ticket was finished
about midnight, and the municipal ticket,
the heaviest job, vas tackled. The count
ing went right on through the small hours
of tbe night, and the experimental elec
tion board, which it was hoped would
enroll other patriotic volunteers before
the end, will finish some time to-night.
"We want to make it a sample of what
can be done by men of intelligence who
don'f. get drunk and who don't stop to
dispute about nothing," said Mr. Popper.
Popper admonished the election officers
to keep up steam in nothing stronger tnan
coffee and bromo-seltzer. It is expected
mat the volunteers will display such
efficiency that they will receive appoint
ments this fall, and that the Political Code
will be enforced in their cases.
FELL DEAD AT FAIRFAX.
George H. Wet/man Succumbed to Heart
Disease at a Picnic of Southern
Pacific Employes.
SAN KAFAEL, Cal., May 30.— George
H. Wellman died very suddenly at Fair
fax this afternoon. The employes of the
Southern Pacific were having a merry
picnic, and one of the jolliest was
Wellman.
He had been for many years engaged in
the auditor's office of the freight depart
ment of the Southern Pacific, and was well
known and very popular. Talking with
some friends about noon he suddenly put
up his hand to steady himself and fell
back deau. Coroner Eden held an inquest
this evening, at which Dr. Wickman, hav
ing made an autopsy, testified that he
died of heart disease. The body will be
taken to San Francisco to-morrow.
Young men or old should not fall to read Thomas
biater'i advertisement on page 26.
Important Domestic Sale.
The reign of low prices is contagious.
Tnere is not a department in onr whole
establishment that isn't affected. These
are the goods where the saving counts — the
sort of things you want every day.
15c Irish Dimities 5c
20c Persian and Dresden Dimities 12'^c
25c Persian and Dresaen Lace Lawns isc
2f>c Fancy Rainbow Dimities 15c
35e Mantilla Lace Lawns 20c
12 12' c1 2 'c Fancy Pique Duckings 10c
12Vic Scotch Plaid Gingnams 7'< c
15c Embroidered Stripe Zephyrs 100
15c La Belle Crepons 10c
bV 4 'c American Shirtings 3%c
BJ/3C Indigo Blue Calicos 5c
9c Extra White Cambric 5c
B'^c Fancy Checked Nainsooks 4c
l. r >c White Victoria Lawns 9o
20c White Dotted Swisses 10% c
10c Bleached and Brown Canton
Flannel 6%Jc
Gsc Bleached Table Damask 48c
$1.50 Bleached Napkins to match $1.18
25c Special Huck Towels 21c
lie Cream Linen Toweling S^c
35c White Turkish Towels 22}^r.
$3.50 German Lunch Sets $2.40
10c Grass Linens . 7 V£c
20c Best Cotton Moreens 16% c
l(;p;c Fancy Back Silesias H^e
Rustling Linings 6%c
10c Yard-wide Cotton Canva5.. ...... 717 1 <:
60c Silk Stripe Tennis Flannel 39c
Uoc All- Wool Eider Downs 42c
12^c Striped Outing Flannel G^c
15c"PIain Colored Twilled Flannel... lie
25c Fancy Art Denims 16% c
12}<[c Drapery Cretonnes 73^c
$1.25 Drapery Chenille 75c
$2.00 White "Blankets $1.45
n.25 Sateen Comforters 96c
$1.00 Fancy Feather Pillows 55c
75c White Bed Spreads 48c
Special Sale of Ready-Made Sheets and
Pillow Cases, plain and hemstitched.
HEMMED IN ON
MOUNT HAMILTON.
Continued from Fourth Pagt.
man — took no one into his confidence in
any way.
Ross, who knew Dunham well, believes
he has made his way out of the mountains
and got away by bicycle. He believes
also that Dunham's purpose in the mur
der was to kill everybody who had any
claim to the farm anil leave his child the
heir, thus, while satisfying his vengeance,
providing for his son. *
Some curious stories are being told illus
trative of Dunham's character. His
mother is said to have stood in fear of him,
although she had something of a temper
herself. AVhen he importuned her for
money she generally gave up before his
temper got the best of him.
On one occasion she braved him, how
ever, and he went out deliberately into the
yard and began wringing the necks of her
chickens. The mother left to each of the
sons five acre 9of land and $100. James got
his share before her death. She left her
daughter $7000.
Arrangements were made with a certain
undertaker for the funeral, but James
wanted to give it to another. The broth
ers quarreled bitterly over the matter and
James is said to have shaken his nst un
der Charles' nose, saying that the under
taker he preferred should conduct the
funeral if he had to kill him (Charles).
The undertaker was procured and did the
work, but James did not attend the fu
neral.
PURACIT OF A STRANGER.
A yeictnan Rancher Entertain* a Man
tfho Resetnble* Dunham.
OaKLAND.CaI., May 30.— Sheriff White
is still on the alert for Dunham, the San
Jose murderer, should he bead this way.
Deputy Sheriff Bam Heller left yesterday
for the Livermore section and will co
operate with Constable Fitzgerald of that
place, who is also a deputy sheriff, in
scooting the Livermore hills for Dunham.
Sheriff White received a telephone mes
sage this evening from Deputy Sam Heller
at Livermore regarding the movements of
a man supposed to be the murderer. He
reports that a stranger stayed with a
rancher at Fabins last night and left this
morning headed toward Newman in the
San Joaquin Valley. He was riding a bay
horse. •
The rancher did not know who his guest
was, but an hour after the stranger had de
parted he picked up a puper containing a
likeness of Dunham. It fitted tbe appear
ance of ttie stranger, and the rancher
gave the alarm at once, but up to dark
nothing further had been seen of him.
Deputy Heller ana posse will go to
Tracy to-night and take the early morn
ing train for Newman in an effort to head
the traveler off before he crosses the river
and gets into Sontag and Evans' old re
sorts, as it would then be next to im
possible to find him.
DRISCO LIVED AT WOODLAND
One* Wounded a Rival in a Fight Over
a Woman.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 30.— Robert
Brisco, who was one of the victims of Mur
derer Dunham, at Campbells last Tuesday
night, was at one time a resident of this
city.
About a year ago he got into an alterca
tion with J. S. Lear over a woman and
shot him. He was arrested, but remained
in jail only one night, as Lear refused to
prosecute him. Hia stepsister, Mrs. Cot
Important Millinery Sale.
Besides the beautiful MAXINE EL-
LIOTT HAT, which we are showing in
every possible color and combinationof
materials, we are offering some special
bargains in Millinery Goods that cannot
fail to cause a ripple of excitement among
the ladies.
25c Rose Sprays for 10c
20c Silk or Velvet Blown Roses 5c
25c Blown Silk Rose Buds ...... 10c
20c Violet Bouquets with Foliage .... 5c
20c Colored Silk Violets, dozen 10c
15c Daisy Sprays 9c
j 10c Black and Colored Quills. 5c
50c Jet Sprays and Piquets 20c
75c Jet Crowns ...... ................ 25c
25c Dresden Ribbons, 4-inch 10c
50c Plaid Sirk Ribbons....... 250
50c Sailor Hats 25c
75c Sailor Hats 50c
$1.25 Sailor Hats .;.. 75c
$5.00 Trimmed Hats .$3.50
$7-50 Trimmed Hats $5.00
$12.00 Trimmed Hats .......$7.50
SUIT DEPARTMENT.
I Tailor-Made Suits ..:..... $5.00 !
Black and Blue Cloths, New Blazer
Jackets, full flowing skirts.
Tailor-Made Suits $7.50
Licht and Medium Shades of Mixed !
Checked Cheviots, New Style Box Jackets, ;
liaring skirts.
Tailor-Made Suits $12.50
Black and Navf Serges. Summer Boucles
and Scotch Cheviots, Blazer and London
Box Coats, full flaring skirts.
House Wrappers i....^ 75c
Light and Medium Color Sateens, fitted
linings.
House Wrappers ........ :,.'.'. $1.00
Crinkled Seersuckers, Bishop sleeves,
Watteau backs, fitted waist linings.
50c ShirtWaists 35c
1 7jc Shirt Waists 50c
! $1.00 Shirt Waists .: 75c
$1.50 ShirtWaists .$l.OO
' $2.00 Shirt Waists . (. . . . : : $1.25
All our Shirt Waists are this season's
I latest styles — pointed yoke backs, Bishop
sleeves, new shape, laundried collars and
i cuffs.
ter, is still a resident of this city, and the
family are highly respected citizens.
6an Mateo Officer* Join the Chase.
REDWOOD CI'O, Cal., May 30.—
Sheriff McEvoy and "Under Sheriff Mans
field have just left in a carriage for San
Jose to aid in the chase for Dunham.
They are well supplied with firearms and
ammunition. They are to meet the Sher
iffs from Alameda, Monterey, Contra
Costa and other counties at San Jose, and
after a consultation relieve the Santa Clara
County officers, who are said to be worn
out. ' ______________
BIG DEAL AT LOS ANGELES
An English Syndicate Purchases
the Spilman Suburban
Water Works.
Two Millions Will Be Put Into Circula
tion Before the Project Is
Completed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 30.— A trans
action of the greatest importance to this
city has just been consummated. It is the
purchase by an English syndicate of the
Spilman Suburban Water Company.
About ninety days ago W. A. Nygh of
London, Eng., agent for a number of Eng
lish capitalists, visited Los Angeles and
looked over this property. He was so
pleased with it that, on his report, the
people he represented at once wired $10.
000 to W. T. Spilman as first payment
through the First National Bank of this
city.
Mr. Nygh left London yesterday and is
now on the ocean. He will come at once
to this city and make arrangements for
the final transfer. It is understood that I
the price paid was $225,000 cash, with the ||
reservation on Mr. Spilman's part o |
$150,000 worth of stock. On Air. Nygh's
arrival the money will be paid and the
work of developing the property will be
immediately commenced.
Some idea of the amount of money that
j will be put in circulation by the carrying
out of this project can be had from the
fact that over $2,000,000 will have to be ex
pended before it is completed. The tunnel
commences at the northwest corner of the
city's boundary, and piercing the foothills
of the Sierra Madre comes out on their
northern side, some 11,000 feet distant,
near tbe town of Tropico.
At that point it is 52 feet below the bed
of the Los Angeles River, and into its
channels will run all the underflow of that
stream. The tunnel will carry between
tiOOO and 10,000 miner's inches of water.
The proposition is one which will bs of
great benefit to the country between the
foothills and the ocean, because it will be
the means of bringing it all under irriga
tion, and the consequent reclamation of a
great deal of hitherto waste land.
CHICO RUNAWAY ACCIDENT.
Mr: Henahaw and a Lady Friend Xar
rorcly ICteapn Heath.
CHICO, May 30.*— While out for a
drive this afternoon, Mrs. Henshaw, wife
of Colonel Park Henshaw, and Miss Mag
gie Graham of . San Francisco, met with a
narrow escape from death. They were
driving throifgh one of the principal
streets, when they were dashed into by a
runaway horse, attached to an express
wagon. '• ;
s' Both ladies were' thrown ': out,* and they
were only " saved from ' death by being
Important Items, g
Little things, with less than the O
usual little prices. " 'Tis the little A
things that count." Just figure up *T
the saving you can make by purchas- V
ing these little things of us and (j
you'll be surprised. q
Hatpins, per dozen 5c (j
Whalebone Casings, per piece.. 9c #X
Hairpins, per paper lc jT
Shell Hairpins, per dozen Sc V
Corduroy Binding, 2-inch, piece.. 15c (j
Velveteen Binding, 4 yards, A
piece 15c jf
Spool Cotton, per dozen 24c O
Safety Pins, per paper lc (S
Side Elastics, per pair : . . . 5c X
Needles, per paper lc jT
25c Tinted Papeterie, per box. . . 15c O
20c Rubber-tipped Pencils, dozen 5c Q
120 Sheets Note Paper for 10c X
250 Envelopes in a box for 2.3 c V
Soc Tan Silk Mitts 15c O
40c Biack Silk Mitts 25c Q
40c Black Si!k Gloves 25c X
$1 Suede Kid Gloves 50c j
$1 25 Pearl Gloves, 4 button 75c Jk
La Cigale Gloves 95c V
Swan-down Face Powder 5c O
La Blache Face Powder 25c Q
Pozzoni's Complexion Powder.. 25c Jk
Herbert Compiexion Powder 2f)c jT
4711 White Rose Soap, cake 12^'c O
Colgate's Toilet Soaps, cake 9c Q
Kirk's Bath Soaps, cake 4c Jk
La Cigale Soap, per box 25c jT
Vaseline Cold Cream, per box.. 8c O
Almond Cold Cr^am, per box. .. 19c Q
Cucumber Cold Cream, per box. 2"ic X
Malvina Cream, per box 29c jT
Anita Cream, per box .We O
La Belle Perfumes, ounce 15c Q
Lautier's Perfumes, ounce 40c vv
Pinaud's Perfumes, ounce 45c jf
Crown Co.'s Perfumes, ounce. . . 55c O
Roger & Gallet's Perfumes, Q
ounce 59c /X
3)C Ferris' Good Sense Waists. . 19c V
50c Black and Drab Corsets 29c O
75c Black and Drab Corsets 48c Q
$1.50 C. B. French Corsets 85c X
35c Fast Black Cotton Hose 25c V
40c Ribbed Hose, Misses' sizes.. 25c O
20c Ribbed Hose, Infants' sizes. 9c Q
25c Woolen Vests, Infants' ><
sizes 15c jT
25c Merino Vests, Misses' sizes. . 15c V
25c Ribbed Vests, Misses' sizes.. 19c Q
35c Swiss Vests, Ladies' sizes. .. 25c ®®
$1.00 Jersey Ribbed Vests and
Pants 50c ®S
$1.50 Colored Sateen Blouses,
Boys 75c ®%
50c Patent Leather Belts 35c §jfj
50c White Kid Belts 25c <If
50c Gilt Belts 20c f|
76c Gilt Belts, miniature buckles 35c ®J>
$1.00 Sterling Mounted Purses. . 50c (s>|\
ooootHllSlllJiJtlJlX
caught in the top of their tragjry, which
was torn from the box and pearing. The
horse they were driving dashed over a high
embaukment into the creek near by. Both
ladies escaped with a few slight injuries.
HEW TO-DAY.
The delights of cycling are
enhanced by owning a thor-
oughly high-grade wheel. Such
a wheel is the PIERCE. Every
detail perfect. Easy running.
STYLISH m GRACEFUL
$ioo: and $75.
One of our many models will
suit you. Call or write for
catalogue.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & BTEIBOI,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market & Beale Sts., 223 J Street,
SAX FK AN CISCO. . SACRAMENTO.
WAGONS. CARRIAGES AID HARDENS.
_^_a_Bte>_ Fifty per cent saved) '
VH mix ' : Factory prices —
\ \ \ /Ik /I *or catalogue.
\ vJ*J Carts... *15to$3S
\**KX$ScL Buggies $75 to $125
—SB** _£j___Rr>s. Carriages..sloo to S'-'OO
/^E ■^V^\ Wagons.... sso to sloo
h&BsSa2&ffi3<SW>\ Harness ?Sto*2s.
[jtV^^^^/^M^ZI We ship everywbere.
V^wSv/C/XtxX A\7 California Wagon and
X3Jb»^ V£CY>;\^ Carriage Co., 36% t«
"" ". i^<i_i_B 441/3 Fremont St., S. F
ALL LATHE WORK / FOR TWO YEARS.
_A.L.BANCROFT&eoT324- POST ST.S.K
1 ' ' '. IRON BEDS,'
p.. *1> m* BRASS BEDS,
? / ~~~ /■ FOUJING BEDS*
Wire and Hair Mat-
• tresses, Reel i nine-
.__ Chairs, Wheel Chain,
T Tttf j'. v - •. , Commodes, Back: Bests
I I I fftfflflf W. A. SCHROCK, ,
j__+aN 21
"l in'_ I_Z *i_W New Montgomery
w . 4— I" - ,_| St., under tiraaa
™^ Hotel, S. ±\
COSMOFOIjITAN.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and ■ 102 Fifth St., 3»a
Iranclaco, CaL— lhe most select family hotel la
the city. Board ana room. $1, 91 25 and 91 50 pat
day, according to roam. M«alu 250. - Booms. &0a .
and 760 a day. . Free coach to and from tha hoc»t
look for the coacii bearing the name of the Co* *
mopoiaaa Hotel . WE i'AUhV, i>roprl«l4»
H JUfjffiirr^f JTT TCP *
I . When ordering pleaau mention Call,t&bt (fall
SUNDAY MAY 31, 189J
AMUSEMENTS.
r*i.rwTx Thutxs.- "Twelfth Night" to-mor-
row night
Columbia Thkatkr—"Miss' Hinim gcarum."
Morosco'B Opkba-Hocbk— -Mctamora."
5 xvoi.l OPKRA-Hort»K— "Uncle Tom a Cabin
Obphsttk—High-Class Vaudeville.
PrTKo Con icy Island—Bathing and Perform-
ance*.
Shoot the Chutes—Dally at Hatgbt street, one
Hock east of the Park-
Blair Pahk (Oakland).—Balloon Ascension
and Parachute .Leap.
Gojldkjt Gate Park—Golden Gate Park Band.
lUrroNorap Thkatkb (Oaki.»ntv> — "The
strange Adventures of Miss Brown," to-morrow
night.
x * i me Coast Jockey Cldb.—Races to-morrow.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion to the Santa Cruz Mountains—
TLursosy, June 4.
AUCTION ! AUbS-
By Geo. F. Law son—Monday, June I,Groceries,
at 1115 i-o!som street, at 11 o'clock.
By L. H. Burd— Monday, June 1, Furniture, at
823 O'FarreU street, at 11 o'clock.
By Easton & ELDniDGE—Tuesday, June 2,
Heal Estate, at 638 Market St., at 12 o'clock noon. j
By G. H. Uvbsen A Co.—Monday, June 8,
Beal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
at ]£ o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Oscar Dobbertin, the sculptor, has discov
ered a new way for tinting plaster of paris.
A fair Sunday ; warmer, but with light fog
in the afternoon and fresh winds, is fore
casted.
The Interstate Coursing Club held its second
inclosed meeting yesterday at the lugieslde
Coursing Park.
The South Side Club tendered a benefit enter
tainment and social to William Daley last
ni«ht at B'n&i B'rith Hall.
Mayor iSutro said yesterday that a public
mi.ss-raeeting should be called for the reiiel of
the St. Loub storm-sufferers.
The thirtieth annual gathering and games
of the Caledonian Club in Shell Mound Park
yesterday were a great success.
The South End Rowing Regatta came off at
El Campo yesterday. Tlieday was perfect, and
th,> oarwork of the boat crews excellent.
News has been received here that the Count
aud countess Festetics are cruising on the
yacht Tolna in tbe islands of New Britain.
Two ladies were severely injured Friday
ni^ht in a collision between a California and a
Gutter streetcar at the corner of Polk street.
Many of the members of the First Congrega
tional Chnrch have declared their intention
of reopening the building and calling another
pastor.
Teredocs have so badly eaten the submerged
woodwork at the Lurliue baths that it has be
come necessary to replace all wood with
brown.
The ten companies of the League of the
Cross Cadet* of this City attended requiem
mass at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday
morning.
Patriotic services in honor of Garfield Po*t,
G. A. R., were held last nieht at Geary-streot
Temple, Kabbi Levy delivering the address of
the evening.
The two days' cricket match between the
Alamtda and Golden Gate grounds was com
menced yesterday. The present outlook is in
favor of Alaineda.
Oscar Kunpth, the well-known artist, who
went to Los Angeles a year ago, has returned
and opened a studio in this City. Ue says art
is not appreciated in Los Angeles.
The jury trying the striking lathers accused
of murdering C. A. Mars insisted irnit tne hc
cust-d snould be let off with light sentences
and that they shall not be punished for felony.
Four of the seven favorites gathered in
jurses at Inpleside yesterday. The winning
noses were: Destra, Daylight, Candor, Colonel
Wcightman, All Over, All Smoke and Cher
treuse.
J. Gowing of London has arrived here from
the new Thames gold district, Northern New
Zealand. He thinks it is richer than Cool
gsirdie, but says many swindling promoters
are there.
C. P. Harris, a stockbroker at 318 Pine street,
was arrested yesterday for embezzlement on
complaint of G. H. Perry. The trouble grew
out of a stock tra.nsa.cuon and Harris' suspeu-
Fion of business. .
Superintendent Fillmore of the Santa Cruz
division of the Southern Pacific Company goes
out ot office to-day and will be succeeded by
J. L. Frazier of the coast division, the two
divisions being consolidated.
Munro Johnson (colored), the owner of Clara
Johnson and Wag, two race horses, was ar
rested yesterday morning at the old Bay Dis
trict track on the chargi of breaking into a
saloon for the purpose of securing a bulldog,
which was held on a lien for room rent
FILL MORE'S REIGN ENDS
Division Superintendent Frazier
Takes His Place To-
Day.
Railway Employes Pel Anxious.
Banquet to tbe Retiring
Official.
With the pawing of the present month
the Southern Pacific Company loses one of
its oldest and most trusted employes and
tiie management of the company inaugu
rates one of the most sweeping and im
portant changes that have taken place on
this coast in several years past.
Several months ago Luther Fillniore,
who for fifteen years has been superin
tendent of the Santa Cruz narrow-gauge
division of the company, notified his em
ployers that nis failing health would no
longer permit him to fulfill certain duties
impobed upon him by changes wrought uy
General Manager Kruttschnitt, and that
his resignation would be placed in their
hands, to take effect on June 1.
Following out iis policy of retrench
ment, which has already consolidated out
many old and tried employes of the com
pany, it was determined not to appoint a
successor to Mr. Fillmore, but to plaoe his
duties on the shoulders of some other em
ploye and thus save a lat salary as well as
the stipend of a number of assistants, who
could easily be dispensed with when the
superintendent gave up his office.
The coa.it division, which has been
under Superintendent J. L. Frazier's con
trol for a couple of years past, did not ap
pear to have taxed his energies to any
preat extent and it was decided to con
solidate tbe entire narrow-gauge system
that has been under superintendent Fiil
more's control with the coast division.
The o.d Santa Cruz division comprises the
Oaklar.d and A.'ameda locals and the lint
to San Jose and Santa Cruz on the east
of the bay.
The new consolidated division will give
Superintendent Fraziei a large number of
employes under him, and much anxiety is
felt among those who are affe<:ted by the
change as to whether he will pursue any
further course of retrenchment.
It is a foregone "inclusion that the cler
ical force of Mr. Fillmore's office is to be
reduce i to a laree extent, and it is thought
but natural that some of tho^e who served
under the retiring superintendent will
have to give way to me friends of Mr.
Frazier. How many will go and their
names are .-till matters of conjecture.
The appreciation of those who have
served under Mr. Fillmore will be shown
to-morrow night when a grand banquet
and reception will be tendered him at the
Hotel CrelJin, Oakland, by the railroad
employes-
League of th« Cross Rally.
A grand rally of the League of the Cross will
be held in Mission Parlor Hall, Seventeenth
street, near Valencia, to-day at 2 P. M. The
address will be delivered by the hon. U. J.
Stafford. An e6say contest on "What Orunken
■ osts" will also take place. Company X
will attend in full uniform. An invitation to
attend is extended to the public
Piles! Piles! Mac's infallible Pile Care.
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding, itching
and protruding piles. Prire 50c. A. Mcßoyle
«b.Co., druggists, 5U4 Washington street. *
CORINTHIANS'
IDEAL REGATTA.
A Perfect Day for Racing,
So Very Fast Time
Was Made.
SPEEDWELL A SURPRISE
She Won in Her Own Class Under
Working Canvas and Tow
ing a Skiff.
THE HARPOON LED THE FLEET.
Only One Accident Marred the
Pleasures of a Splendid
Day's Sport.
The members of the Corinthian Yacht
Club turned out in force yesterday at the
annual regatta. The showing was not as
good as expected, however, as only sixteen
out of the thirty-four yachts entered went
over the starting line. The day was a.
perfect one for sailing and some of the
boats made records that will be hard to
beat. The Speedwell, Elia and Clara had
a ding-dong race from start to finish. Tbe
former was in anything but trim and had
only her working sails set. Besides this
she towed a skiff behind during the entire
run. Tbe Elia finished first and the Clara
second, but much to the surprise of every
body the Speedwell won on time allow
ance. Had she been in racing trim she
would have easily passed the winning
stake boat first.
Only one accident marred the day's
sport. A small sloop with five men in it
was run down by the tug Redmond, and
two of the men were knocked overboard.
The sloop was under the lee of
the schooner America and Captain
Shaw did not see it until too
late. The tug struck the boat a glancing
blow, but did little damage. H. Macdon
ald nnd J. Soule, the two men who were
• knocked out of the boat, were picked up
by Jack Barr and Morris Bean and landed
at Poweli-street wharf. Captain Butt got
j the revenue cutter Hartley under way,
; but before sue reached the scene the boat
! men had picked the men up and were on
; their way back to the landing with them.
The course was an imaginary line drawn
i from the foot of Taylor street to a stake-
J boat anchored 1000 teet off shore. At this
; point the time was taken. Thence to and
i around the Presidio shoal-buoy", leaving
! the same on the port hand ; thence to and
' around Blossom Rock buoy, leaving same
; on port hand ; thence due north two and
; three-eighths (2-%) miles to and around a
stakeboat, anchored at the intersection of
| continued imaginary lines drawn from
! Sausalito Point through Point Blunt, and
i from the westerly point of Goat Island
through Goat Island suoal-buov, leaving
same on port hand; thence to and around
I Presidio shoal - buoy, keeping Aicatraz
! Island on starboard hand, leaving buoy on
• port hand; thence to starting line, finish
ing between stakeboat and seawall.
The yachts passed the winning post in
the following order: Arcturus, Nereid,
Guinevere, Harpoon, 'Emma, Truant,
! Elia, Clara, jEolus, Speedwell, Mignon.
| The others did not finish.
The time occupied in covering the course
was as follows:
Tbe Speedwell won in the first class, the
Harpoon in the second, the Truant in the
third and the Arcturus in the yawl class.
Each winning yacht receives a prize flan
for the year 1896. Everything passed off
without a hitch, and W. A. Bar age, C. W.
Platt and H. E. Pennell, the regatta com
mittee, deserve great credit for the man
ner in which everytning was carried out.
The Redmond was the judges' boat, and
tl.e Liberty took a party of Corinthians
around the course.
THE COMING CARNIVAL.
Appointment of Several New Important
Committees— A Pair of
Queens.
The following additional committees in
relation to the coming Golden Gate carni
| val have been apj>ointed:
On finance— K. B. Soule (chairman), A. A.
Watkins, J. D. Spreckels, C. F. Crocker, H. H.
Taylor, James A. Donohue Jr., J. M. Liichfield,
I. W. Hellman Jr., James D. Phelan, Jeremiah
Mahoney, William L. Gerstle, W. F. Herrin, J.
B. Stetson, F. S. Douty, J. de la Montague, J.
H. Mangels.
On illumination and decoration of Golden
Gate Park— W. n. Mills (chairman), Joseph
Austin, Irving M. Scott, John Rosenfeld,
Colonel Will E. Fisher, Henry C. Johnson, R. J.
Davis, Lawrence Devany, T. H. B. Varney
Isaac Upham, W. J. Ruddick, William K. Bam
meruayes, S. L. Kaphtaly.
On military parade— Colonel James F. Bmith
fchairms,D), General John H. Dickinson,
Colonel William McDonald, Colonel A. E.
Castle, Colonel W.I). Snnborn, Colonel J. E.
D'.olittle, Colonel Frank Sumner, Colonel W.
■ P. Sullivan, Colonel Herman Schaffner, Colonel
I J. G. Geistfng, Major D. S. Dorn.
On water carnival— J. D. Spreckels (chair
man), Cornelius O'Connor, C S. Wiclanrl I
fiutte. Philip Caduc, Captain H. M. woodall,
I A. B. Spreckels, Olmrleß H. Crocker, George T.
! McGlnness, J. L. Gabriel, J. W. Pew, Colonel F.
jS Chadbaurne and presidents of all yachting
and rowing clubs of fcau Francisco Bay.
Two queens will be vcted for— one to
j represent California and the other San
Francisco.
A Teamster Kills Himself.. >lIH
A teamster named Jacob Abrams, whose
residence was at 716^ Ivy avenue, committed
suicide by the gas route yesterday. Unlike the
other suicides, despondency was not the cause
which prompted the unhappy teamster tn end
j bis existence. He left a letter, in which he
stated that his uselessness to himself and
| friends had become unhearable and he had
! determined to die. When discovered Abrams 1
body wus reclining on a lounge in one of the
back rooms of his home.
Little Fires.
The address to young men only at the As
sociation Hall, Mason and Ellis streets, this
afternoon at 3 o'clock will be delivered by Rev.
W. A. Gardiner, and his subject will be "Little
Hres." Mr. Gardiner is an earnent. able
speaker and is sure to interest his hearers. All
young men are welcome.
The man-faced crabs which swnrm in
the inland seas of Japan are quoer crea
tures. The body in only about an Inch in
length, but is crowned with a head which
has a face which closely resembles that of
a Chinese cooiy.
Among many savage tribes it is consid
ered the height of fashion to pierce the
lobe of the ear and load it with ornaments.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
The Yachts After Rounding the Presidio Shoal Buoy on the Run for Home. The Harpoon Leads the
Fleet and Is Followed by the Emma and Elia. The Speedwell Towing Her Skiff Is Shown
in the Act of Rounding the Stakeboat.
ALLAMEDA WANTS
NO CAR GATES
Town Trustee Hammond's
Strong Views on the
Matter.
THE LEGAL ASPECT OF IT
Citizens Indignant at the Latest
Movement of the Rail
road.
MERCHANTS ARE PROTESTING.
Ssrions Injury to the Town Predicted
by Residents and Business
Men.
: laraeda is much axercised over the pro
posed placing of gates on the local trains
in that suburb, and decided action is being
urced on the Town Trustees by indi^pant
citizens, who claim that the company has
no right to use the objectionable barriers.
William Hammond, one of the Town
Trustees, has no use for gates on trains
and he is confident that his colleagues on
the board are of the same mm J as he.
"Will any official action be taken to pre
vent the proposed course of the railroad?"
he was asked.
"Most decidedly action will be taken,
and that promptly, too, as soon as we are
certain tbat the company contemplates |
auch a move," he replied, and then con
tinued:
"A motion will be made tbat the City |
Attorney loofc into the matter and ascer- I
tain if the company has the right to keep :
people from riding free on their trains in
Alarueda. If they have the right wo can,
of course, do nothing legally to prevent :
their carrying out the plan, but I think in j
that case there will be some joint miblic j
action taken by the people to protest
against the measure.
"If. however, the company should be I
found to be acting in violation of the I
rights of the people no effort will be!
spared to make them conform strictly to j
the law. I believe that when the fran- ]
chise was granted it was agreed tnar for
so many years — I don't remember exactly
how many — they were to carry the people
Of Alameda'from one place to another free I
of charge.
"1 sincerely hone that they will not at
tempt to charge our residents fare. For
them to do so would be to show base in
gratitude, for the citizens of Alaraeda,
right straight through, from the Trustees
to the humblest private resident, have
been very favorably and generously in
clined toward the big corporations.
"During the great strike of two ysars
aeo, for instance, we stood by the railroad
and gave them every possible assistance,
moral and physical. We even went so far
as to appoint a special policeman, who was
paid by the city, to protect the railroad
property.
"I would, indeed, be very, very sorry to
see gates put on the trains here. Th re is
no doubt in my mind but tbat it woiua be
a senous detriment to the merchants of
Park street and others in this part oi Ala
meda."
B. L. Fisher of Combs <fe Fisher, batchers
and grocers, was inclined to view the
situation as one likely to stimulate Ala
medans to greater energy and enterprise
so as to retain their trade as against Oak
land.
"The way I look at it is this," explained
Mr. Fisher. " These people in Oakland ;ire
offering inducements to our re^Ments to
go over there. They are even going to ths
extent of offenni: to pay their carfare, nnd
if they put gates on our train* it may wake
up our people and show them the neces
sity of doing something to guard against
the evil effect of such action.
"The use of gates would certainly be in
jurious to us, it we did not do something
to induce people to come to this part of
town to do their shopping. We should
either provide, free buses for them or ar
range to pay their carlare."
One of the members of the real estate
firm of H. P. Morea.l <fe Co. did not se-m
to think it leawible that the Southern Pa
cific would dare to adopt a measure which
was certain to be detrimental jo the inter
ests of Alameda.
'•This news struck so suddenly," he
said, "we hardly know what to say about
it or just bow it will affect things. Of
course it will be detrimental, and particu
larly to this end of Alameda, but to what
extent it is difficult to say. If gates are
vut on the cars and a fare charged for riii
ing from one point in Alameda to another
it will have a direct tendency to kill the
retail trade that is now growing up on
Park street and this section. It will cer
tainly drive the bulk of the Alaraeda west
end trade to Oakland if the people have to
pay carfare."
A. W. Mitchell, proprietor of the Park
etreet Cash store, dealer In groceries, saw
the partial depopulation of Alameda as the
re-ultof tiie proposed innovation.
"I think it will drive people away from
the town of Alameda," he said in tones of
mingled protest and sorrow. "People
come to a town in a large measure owing
to the attractions and accommodations
they hope to enjoy, and if these hopps are
disappointed they are pretty sure to move
back to the place they left or somewhere
else.
"As soon as people have to pay fares on
the trains it will certainly divert trade.
People will then prefer to go to Oakland.
"I have quite made up my mind that if
the railroad company puts on the gates,
and it affects business as I believe it will, I
shall take my business somewhere else.
Th re are no strings on me, and 1 am sure
others think the same way that I do."
BERKELEY TRAINS TOO.
The> Railroad Ccmpany Would
Not Slight That Town
Either.
BERKELEY, Cal., May SO.— Tbe report
has ai-ain been widely circulated, and ap
parently on good foundation, that gates
similar to those on tbe Oakland trains will
soon be put on the Berkeley locals, and
with the announcement again come ex-
pressions of dissatisfaction and indigna
tion on the part of the citizens.
They claim that the placing of gates will
make but little difference in the amount
of free riding, as under the present condi
tion it is permitted only between North
Berkeley and Dwight way.
Some believe that the report relating to
the putting on of nates is merely a further
carrying oat of the plan to start the rumor
repeatedly in order to get the people into
a frame of mind to eventually accept the
measure without protest. At least six
times in the last year the same report has
been spread abroad.
But others believe that owing to the
several comparatively recent serions acci
dents in Berkeley and the consequent
losses to the railroad company the barriers
to tbe cars will really soon be put on.
FOR ST. LOUIS SUFFERERS
Mayor Sutro Heartily in Favor
of a Local Mass-
Meeting.
He Says San Francisco Should Take
the Initiative as a Good
Samaritan.
Mayor Sutro sairt yesterday, when inter
viewed by a Call reporter as to whether
ne had contemplated starting in motion
any municipal recognition and National
aid for the storm-sufferers of St. Louis:
"It is just what Ban Francisco should do.
Her hospitality and generosity are famous
over all the country, and she should take
the initiative in >^uch a Good Samaritan
step. I myself am not Mayor at present;
I am taking a vacation. Mr. Taylor is
Mayor. Still, were lat present actively in
office I should certainly issue a call to the
citizens of San Francisco for a mass-meet
ing immediately to be held, and I would
appoint a committee for taking subscrip
tions for the aid of those poor people who
have had their homes ruined.
"This is a terrible thing, something that
occurs only once or twice in a century;
and when one city is the victim every
otuer city in the land should go gladly to
its assistance.
"San Francisco should take the initia
tive of the cities on this coast. Yes, it is
an excellent idea and should be pnt into
operation right away."
Taylor Rogers said: "I would suggest
that the Supervisors at their next meeting,
on Monday, adopt resolutions to the effect
that a mass-meet inp be called which shall
take into consideration the propriety of
relief for the stricken city. That would
give the movement a status and force
which individual citizenship would not
confer.
"San Francisco should be the leading
California city in this, particularly on ac
count of her past reputation lor gen
erosity. No city has the deserved reputa
tion for generous giving more than San
Francisco.
"Another reason why we should give,
and freely give, is that we are a long way
off from the Eu.st, and as Brother Cleve
land has observed, we are semi-civilized.
Tins now will be an opportunity to show
those ultra-civiiized people beyond the
Rocky Mountains that we can indeed ap
preciate their suffering and ere not slow
to come forward among the first to re
lieve. It is the old, old story, 'Cast your
bread upon the waters, etc.'
"If the Board of Supervisors should pass
such a resolution, there would be no dif
ficulty whatever in getting up a mass
meeting. It should be strictly non-relig
ious and non-partisan in every sense of
the word. Undoubtedly the Chamber of
Commerce and the merchants would take
hold of the undertaking. It is something
that should be done and th.it imme
diately."
A Home Thrust.
A mild argument had been in progress
over the iniporfmice which woman has as
sumed as a worker in competition with
! men.
"Thur ain't no use in talkin'," he as
| sened aggressively. "Thur's a hull lot o'
I thines thet a man kin do thet & woman
i can't."
"I'd like ter know some of 'em?" she
I responded with a contemptuous sniff.
'•\Y;il, fur instance, she can't sharpen a
lead pencil.''
'•I 'sposethet'sso." she answered slowly.
"I 'stK>se thct's so. I'li hey ter give in ter
ye thur. But I notice that ef she can't
sharpen a lead pencil she kin take an' ax
an' go out ter the wood pile an' split kind
lin' right reg'lar. An' thur won't be no
body tryin' ter raise the least dispute ez
ter Her ability ter do it, uuther."' — Detroit
Fre«> Pr«sa.
J. Q. HENRY
AT THE TEMPLE
A. P. A. Speaker Champions
the Abolition of the
Sweater System.
TALKED OF PATRIOTISM.
Audience Applauded When He
Said That Cuba Should
Be Free.
THREE LITTLE A. P. A. GIRLS.
The Sp akcr Received an Ovation at
Metropolitan Temple After a
Year's Absence.
J. Q. A. Henry, D.D., a champion of the
American Protective Association, deliv
ered an address at Metropolitan Temple
last evening to a large and very enthusi
astic audience. He has been absent from
the City over a year. His reception at the
temple last evening amounted to an ova
tion. As be walked down the center aisle
the audience arose, cheered him, waved
han»ikerc!r>fs and swung hats. On the
stage he found a bank of flowers at his
feet, and over bis head, amidst a canopy
of red. white and blue streamers, hung
these words in letters of red and gold:
"Our Hero Has Returned." It was easy
to bee that he was not insensible to the
greeting, ana in opening his address later
he said as much. "The Star Spangled
Banner," "Yankee Doodle" and "Amer
ica, 11 played on the big organ as preludes,
ad aroused the audience.
Prayer was off. red by Rev. Dr. Hobart;
and among the preliminary exercises were
a song by "Baby" Burns, a duet by "two
little A. P. A.s," both of which were en
cored, music by a brass band and some re
marks by Mr. Kurteison.
The subject of R^v. Mr. Henry's ad
dress was "The New Emancipation Procla
mation." He said: "It is not easy even
at this day to understand the real meaning
of our civil war. Twenty-five years ago to
look upon the old flag would awaken the
profouudest emotions. But now, possibly,
our memories are losing their grasp on
why that great sacrifice was made. It is
not so easy to-day to awaken emotions
over the flag, and it seems to me
sometimes that we are forgetting
ti.e heroes who died in that great
struggle, and the principle for which they
shed their life's blood. But we must not
forget. There are some, ihough, who are
jealous of the privilege given by this day
of perpetuating their memories. We
should honor our heroic dead, so that we
may be true Paul Reveres, true sons of
George Washington, John Brown and
Abraham Lincoln. God pity this country
when it ceases to be influential by the
spirit that animated these illustrious
heroes. They are as heroic in our history
as Leonidas, as Thermopylae or any inci
dent of the history of the ancient Greeks.
We can understand those words of Arnold
Winkelreid: "Make way for liberty." he
cried, "Make way for liberty — and died."
We can understand what Cuba is fighting
for and why, and, fellow-citizens, I tell
you Cuba must be free. [Prolonged cheers.]
"Side by side with all these politi
cal exigencies stood a great moral
question. There is no such a
spectacle in this world as that presented
by our boys in blue righting for a great
moral question, the freedom of a race with
which they had no ties of consanguinity.
What a lesson and example in compassion
for humanity !
"But we must remember that disloyalty
was not all killed at Gettysburg," he sail.
"The dogma of State's rights still raises
its head. It was no Irish make-believe
when the Grand Army of the Republic let
the President know what they thought of
that dogma.
•'But we must remember that the victo
ries of peace are t-re&ter than those of war.
Real prosperity comes to a people when
thoir best efforts are turned to industry,
art, commerce and philanthropy. We
should not forget that loyalty in time of
peace is rarer than in time of war. I be
lieve the peril of our country to-day is
greater than fn 1861." he said. "The
American peonle have been hypnotized
and drugged. 'The danger is subtle, sur
reptitious, insidious and Jesuitical, and it
has for a long time been eating in among
the people. Yet if the danger threatens
too strong I believe our people will rise up
with the spirit of '76 and '61 and stamp it
into tne earth. If we are willing
to permit the destruction of the noble
principles of our Government, then are we
indeed unworthy of our heroic dead.
'Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty*
yet. William Lloyd Garrison and Wen
dell Phillips were as heroic as Sherman and
Sheridan." He referred to A. P. A.
leaders of to-day as animated by the same
spirit.
"Our older heroes will impart the old
spirit to the young men of to-vlay, and we
shall be able'to save the heritage bought by
the blood of our forefathers."
"We need a new emancipation proclama
tion, to-day," he said, "as much as we
needed it in 1861. The country is still full
of slaves, though not of the same kind
they are Just as much slaves aa the negro
was.
"We need a new proclamation to free
1,600,000 drunkards from the despotism of
drink, for it is said that no drunkard shall
enter the kingdom of heaven. The streets
of San Francisco are fnil of men who are
in the gra»p of strong drink. Equally as
many men and women are victims of lust.
We need that these should be freed from
their passions also.
"We :ilso need a new proclamation to
free the 2,000.000 people who are com
pelled to toil seven day? in the week. We
should also plead for the abolition of the
sweater system and 16 cents a day wages
in our large cities."
The speaker also pleaded for the free
dom of the inmates of the 1405 monaster
ies, nunneries and convents in this coun
try, saying they were not permitted free
dom of mind.
"I plead for 9,000,000 people," he went
on, "who may be delivered from priestly
rule. They have no conscience. They
have no conscience because the priest has
none; he has no conscience because the
Bishop ha* no conscience, and so on up to
the Pope. I pray for ihese people in order
that they may become cood, true Ameri
can citizens. Let us put up the gates at
Heilgate and tbe Golden Gate and say to
the people who would come, 'If you love
liberty, welcome; but if you love tyranny,
stay where you are.'
"We need a new emancipation procla
mation in order to free 10,000,000 illiter
ates, and to free our cities from misrule.
And we are going to do that.
"We need a new emancipation procla
mation to free our churches from un
christianlike creed and practices. The
weakness of Protestantism that we have
got out of Romanism itself—these are
things that drive people from our uoors.
We need a new emancipation inspired by
the Holy Ghost in order that we may wor
ship him as we have never worshiped
Him before.
"We need a new emancipation that will
give to the aJ,000,000 women of this coun
try the power to go to the polls and vote.
[Cheers.] They will vote for temperance,
chastity, purity, morality and for God.
Then shall God's sun shine upon a land
that shail be pure aud free."
Rev. Mr. Henry will remain in the City
about a week. This afternoon at 3 o'clock
he will speak at the same place on "Twenty
Reasons Why I Hate Political Roman
ism," and in the evening he will deliver an
address at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Colonel A. T. Bliss of Saginaw, Mich.,
owns about 130,000,000 feet of fine oak tim
ber in Arkansas, about eighty miles from
H> t Springs, and it is his" intention to
organize a company and manufacture the
timber. He will go down and look the
property over in a few days and will be
accompanied by General Alaer.
One of the greatest hunting feats of the
season was that of George E. Farnham of
Canaan, Me., who a few days ago, entirely
alone, and while standing in the wagon
holding his frantic horse with one hand.
shot two very handsome deer.
NEW TO-DAY.
2nd
Drive.
, - '• • ■
Our drive sale last week was a great success. |
Here Is another which we believe will prove even
a greater success, for we have drives that ARE
drives— prices that mean loss to us every sale. We
don't mind the loss— we do it deliberately; our
object Is to advertise our shoes and our store.
For This Week Only:
$1 50 Ladies' Tan Southern Ties, doth top,
for this week only 95c
$1 50 Chi. 'sand Misses' Kid Foxed But-
ton, cloth top, patent tip, extension sole,
spring heel, sizes 8 to l'/a. for this week
only 75c
$1 26 child's sires of above, 5 to 7%, for :-
this week only .' 65c
$2 60 Ladies' Fine Doupola Kid Button,
patent tip. pointed or narrow, square toe,
for this week only 81.40
$2 00 Boys' Veal Calf Lace or Button Shoes,
all sizes, for this treek 0n1y..: 51. 15
f2 50 blru'i Calf Genuine Goodyear Welt,
lace or Congress 51. 85
We pay charges to country on "Drives."
Headquarters for Buckingham A Hecnt's fine
■hoes, Send for catalogue; mailed free.
Kast's
738 740 Market Street.
All YOU
ALL NEED
IS TO COMPARE OUR PRICES ON
BABY CARRIAGES,
Hood top, reed body, upholstered, steel
springs and wheels.. 64.75
Hood top, reed body, good upholstering:,
steel springs and wheels ....... $8. 35
Hood top, reed body, upholstered in tapes-
try, plush roll, steel springs and
whee15....... 88.85
Hood ■ top, reed body, fancy shape, up-
holstered in tapestry, plush roll, steel
springs and wheels 610.00
CARRIAGE ROBES
LESS THAN COST.
tOr SEND FOR OUR CATALOGUE.
RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND BY
SKILLED MECHANICS.
. A SPECIALTY.
B*B-820 MARKET ST
IF YOU ACHE
OR GET HURT
TRY MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
Harmless, Clean, Easy to Use, Always Quickly Relieves
ALL PAIN!
NEW . TO-DAY. . ■
KNnJhNGCO.
120 Sutter St.. rooms 31-24, 8. F.,
Take Klevalor.
ONLY HEADQUARTERS FOB
A Bathing
%m Suits
For Men,
I\Ul Women and
/if §TO Children.
itSXSk SWEATERS,
iSa JL • GOLF HOSE
■""^fa-" RACING SUITS !
UNDERWEAR MIT TO ORDER.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue*.
DEALERS.-Wrlte us for trade
prices. You can do best with us.
FACTORIES: 410 and 412 Polk Street, S. F.
At Auction!
G.H.UMBSEN&CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
House Brokers, Bent Collectors and Auctioneers,
OFFICE AND SALESROOM:
14 Montgomery St., Near Market
IMPORTANT
REAL ESTATE AUCTION
Miscellaneous Properties
AS PER CATALOGUE. AT SALESROOM, ,
MONDAY,
MONDAY, - - - - June 8,1896,
AT 13 O'CLOCK- M.
.-■""• ♦
Natotna-St. . Houses.
Nos. 92*2, 922y 3 n.nd 924 Natoma street, between
Tenth and Eleventh— '-'-story frame houses,
brooms and bath eac'n. in good condition; rerus
$60 per month; lot aOx7s: concrete stone side-
walk and coping; iron fencing; street bituniinized;
title insured California Title Insurance and Trust
Company.
Dolores-St. Lot.
Vacant lot 25x125, east side of Dolores street;
160 feet north of Twenty-fifth: ready for building;
half block: froom elecmc-cars; tine view.
Noe-r>t. Residence.
No. 59 Noe street, betwee^ Fourteenth and Rid-
ley — Two-story residence, 8 rooms and bath: bay-
windows: brick foundation; lovely sunny home;
size 30x162. '
eighteenth-. St. Building Lots.
Two level lots, sou. h line of Eighteenth street,
125 feet west of Clover alley, one block west of
Douglass r.-mly to build on; street work
done; 25x121 feet eacn: electric-cars pass. ■ ■•.
Choice Residence Lot.
South line of Fulton street, 137:6 feet west of
Scott: 87:6x137:6 feet:- mortgage of $2200 can re-
main if desired: street accepted by the city; this is
a very fashionable neighborhood, being the drive
to the park and only half a block from Alamo
square. . -; "
' The five following pieces by order of
Referee. Estate of Daniel Mullin, de-
ceased. x
liolden Gate Aye.— Down Town.
Nos. 315-317 Golden Gate avenue, between Hyde
and Larktn streets — Two houses of 9 rooms, etc.,
each: rents $70: Sot 34:4^x137:6 feet.
NW. Cor. Fulton, and Webster Sts.
Two-story and basement house of 9 rooms, etc.:
basement could be easily converted into a store at
little expense; rents ¥45; both streets accepted;
lot J7:6xbO feet.
Investment on Stevenson St.
457-459 Stevenson st., between Fifth and Sixth-
Double house of 6 rooms each, eta; rents $31; lot
26:6x70.
Oak-St. Lot.
South line of Oak St., 278:6 feet west of De
vlsaderof 25x137
Ocean View Lot.
West line of Bright st., 150 feet south of Ran*
dolph; 25x100; near electric cars.
Administrator's Sale.
1. 410-41 Page. st. and Lily aye.— Two flats of
7 and 6 rooms and bath each, etc.; lot 54 20, as
per diagram. ■ •"
2. Cottage, 415 Lily aye.; 20x60: will not be
offered at the auction sale, but can be bought at a
reasonable price at private sale.
Corner Lot.
Southeast corner of Turk and Lyon its.; 50z
137:6; Turk it. Is 100 feet wide.
FRENCH HOSPITAL PROPERTY
By order of Board of Directors,
S. E. Bryant St., Bet. 5 h and 6th.
As an Entirety.
Improvements consist of 3-story brick bonding
and several smaller buildings: lot 275x275 feet;
IUO-vara lot; will cut up into: '2s large building
lots, with 50- root streets: 4 corners ' in the: heart
of manufacturing district.
For further particular* Inquire at office
Q. li. UMBSEN & CO.,
, Auctioneers,
14 T^tO3SrTC3-0ME31?,"2' ST.
78
IN MEMORY OF UNION DEFENDERS.
Presidio National Cemetery the Scene of
Beautiful and Impressive Memorial
Tributes.
IRVING M. SCOTT ORATOR
OF THE DAY.
Fine Column of Fifth Artillery,
U. S. A., and First Infan
try, N. G. C.
GEOBGE H. THOMAS POST IN THE
LINE OF MARCH.
Flowers for the Dead and Help for the
Living, Sentiments Expressed
by Commander Vining.
The National Cemetery at the Presidio
yesterday was the scene of most beautiful
and impressive memorial ceremonies.
This cemetery, famed for the charm of its
location, seemed yesterday more beautiful
than ever as the Hags waved in the foliasze
and the children tenderly placed flowers
on the graves. A vast concourse of people
assembled to hear the music of the Fifth
Artillerj' band, the voices of the Knicker
bocker quartet and the eloquent words of
the orator, Irving M. Scott. The view was
especially enchanting as the veil of fog
lifted from the Marin County hills and re
vealed the fair landscape in all its grandeur.
The temperature of the day was most
agreeable. There was breeze sufficient to
sweep away the smoke from Captain
Thorp's light battery of the Fifth Artillery
as the saluting guns were fired, and yet
the invigorating atmosphere was not cool
enough to cause discomfort.
There was very little delay in the execu
tion of the programme. Some of the troops
of the First Infantry Regiment of the Na
tional Guard were a little tardy in turning
out, consequently the column did not
move from the field near the terminal sta
tion of the Union-street cable-line until
twenty minutes after the time appointed.
The troops of the United States army
and National Guard made a highly credit
able appearance. The regulars under
command of Major John A. Darling con-
Bisted of four foot batteries and one light
battery of the Fifth Artillery. Battery X
was commanded by Captain Henry J.
Reilly, Battery A by Lieutenant John W. i
Joyes, Battery H "Captain Elbridge K.
Hills, battery L Captain John McClellan
and Light Battery D Captain Frank !
Thorp.
The National Guard troops consisted of
the First Infantry Regiment, commanded ;
by Colonel William Macdonald. The j
twelve companies of tue regiment were
formed in three battalions. The first I
battalion was commanded by Major i
Charles Boxton, the second by "Major H. i
T. Sime and the third by Major C. b\ Til- j
den.
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, Depart- |
ment of California and Nevada, G. A. R., j
GREAT RAMBLER BICLORAMA CLEARANCE SALE !
1895 RAMBLERS g, c - dv . cc f d _ $59.00 0600 6 0 IDEALS i* $57.00.
HYGIENIC LUXURY.
LARGE LOCKERS FOR RENT.
Porter in Waiting.
f~r — —
TWO FLOORS, EACH 120x60 FEET.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES,
3^Ea,r3s:et, Tenth, and Stevenson Streets, San Francisoo.
Park Agency, "THE WHEELERY," Corner Page and Stanyan Streets.
A. J.Vining commander, turned out in
fine form, and the comrades were in line
on time. Some of the disabled veterans
rode in carriages, but 90 per cent of those
attending marched.
The veterans were followed by Garrison
101, Regular Army and Navy Union ; Sons
of the American Revolution, Valentine
Holt Society, Sons and Daughters of the
American Revolution, children of the
public schools and guests in carriages.
The division c imposed of the foregoing
troops and societies was commanded by
General William M. Graham, post com
mander at the Presidio; Lieutenant Wil
liam W. Galbraith, post adjutant, was on
duty with the general.
The column, headed by the Fifth United
States Artillery Dand. Frederick Frank
leader, moved from the parade field, near
the terminal station of the carline, and
halted on the parade ground proper of the
Presidio. There the Fifth Artillery and
First Infantry, N. G. C, formed in column i
of masse, and halted, while Grand Army
veterans and others passed by en route to
the National cemetery. Tl\e veterans of
Thomas Post stepped to the inspiring
music of "Marching Through Georgia.
The regular troops were marched to their
quarters and dismissed, while the National
Guardsmen returned to the large parade
field for evolution.
Facing the granite monument erected I
by George H. Thomas Post in the south- I
easterly section of the cemetery a platform !
capable of accommodating the band and |
100 guests had been constructed. The seats
for the assemblage were placed on the in
cline facing the speaker's platform, and on
either side of the monument. The forest
growth beyond the cemetery boundary
formed the background of the assemblage.
The people who listened to the music and
oratory nad a magnificent view of the bay
and the mountains of the Coast ranpe. A
large floral piece representing a Grand
Army badge, and another piece, anchor
snaped, were placed against the railine in
front of the stand. Between the two
emblems was the post's portrait of General
George H. Thomas.
Throughout the cemetery were scattered
men, women and children in groups with
flowers in bouquets, wreaths and garlands
ready to piace on the craves at the firing
of the guns. While the people were as
sembling and taking positions on the
grassy spaces not marked as graves the
band discoursed delightful music. When
all was ready the post nag was waved three
times as a signal to Captain Thorp, and
the firing began. Simultaneously the
graves were stiewn with flowers.
At the conclusion of the artillery galute,
A. J. Vining, commander of Thomad Post,
spoke as follows:
Comrades and friends: The duty of to-day Is
of peculiar and impressive significance. We
meet to honor our dead and to deepen our rev
erence for their worth; to strengthen among
ourselves the bond of fraternity whicn
binds us together as comrades, by recalling the
memories of past experiences common to us
all; to encoumge a larger and more generous
charity for those of our comrades who are sick
or in distress, and for the needy and destitute
wards of the Grand Army; to renew our pledge
of loyalty to our nag and country, and to em
phasize in the mit.ds and hearts of all who
unite with us to-day the privilege and duty of
patriotism.
It is expected that throughout our services
each one will manifest the most courteous and
reverent decorum. Let our soldierly deport
ment be such that we may worthily honor
"the graves we decorate," "the memories we
cherish," "the flag we salute," and the Grand
WE WISH TO ATTRACT THE
ATTESTIOS OF THE PUBLIC.
WE WANT THEIR TRADE.
In Order to Get It We Offer Them
Something Attractive.
The above Bicycles Are all new
and fitted with the best tire
made — the popular G & J tire.
The prices are lower than
agents' prices and are strictly
CASH.
The new bicycles are all guar-
anteed for 1 year.
In addition to the new bicycles
we also offer the following bar-
gains in
SECOND-HIND BICYCLES.
1803 Ramblers $25.00
1894 Ramblers $35.00
1 895 Ramblers $45.00
1895 other makes $35.00
ANNOUNCEMENT!
These bicycles have established reputa-
tions and are made by makers of world-
wide renown. They are standard goods.
The makers are not going out of business
and are making and selling these goods all
over the country to-day at regular prices.
With us it is a special sale to please the
public. We are trying to kill two birds
with one stone. While we are clearing up
a large season's business, we are at the
same time trying to please the public by
offering them the oest goods that can be
made, at a price which will allow them to
buy, without giving up any other pleas-
ures which they may have been contem-
plating.
We are specially prepared to please la-
dies and gentlemen and the reputation
which we have earned in the past eight
years of bicycle business is a guarantee
that you will be well taken care of and
that you will get a wheel that will give
satisfaction.
Remember! These Cycles are
offered by the largest Bicyclery
in existence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896..
Army of the Republic to wnich we belong. In
the name of George H. Thomas Post, I bid you
welcome.
Commander Vining then introduced the
department chaplain, Rev. J. A. Cruzan,
who offered prayer.
The Knickerbocker Qnartet, cons sting
of D. M. Lawrence, 1). B. Crane, R. P.
Evans and L. A. Larseri, sane "Cover Them
Over With Beautiful Flowers."
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn delivered
Some Features of the Grand Parade as Seen by a "Call" Artist as the Procession
Marched Ip Market .street. The Sailors of the Men-of'War in the Harbor and
of the >'aval Battalion Were Particularly Admirod.
Lincoln's famous Gettysburg address and [
concluded with a quotation from William i
Winters' "Pledge to the Dead."
The Knickerbocker Quartet then sang !
"Rest, Comrades, Ke3t,"
Commander A. J. Vining, who hadprac- ,
ticed by introducing singers, the reader 1
and the chaplain, now loit equal to the ,
emergency of introducing the orator, and
made a little speech, which was compli
mented for rare felicity. He presented
Irving M. Scott as the worthy and typical
American who had "done more than any ;
other man west of the Rocky Mountains
to build our new navy." He was proud
to be able to introduce the builder of the
great battleship Oregon of the United
States navy. The sentiment was very
heartily applauded and several ladies felt :
like throwing a bouquet at Scott while he
was alive.
Mr. Scott spoke thus:
Commanders and Comrades of George 11.
Thomas Pott, La'lies and Mauds: The Nation '
this day turns out as a unit In sentiment to
decorate with flowers bfdi-weo" with tears of
affection the last resting place of the loyal and
Confederate dead. To these honored dead and
10 those who fought shoulder to shoulder with
CORNEB MAKKET, TENTH AND STEVENSON STREETS.
14,000 SQUARE FEKT OF FLOOR SPACE. LADIES" SEPARATE INSTRUCTION ROOM.
them In the great struggle for the preservation
of the Union and for the rights of man, the
Nation feels that it owes an immeasurable debt
of gratitude. To officer and private alike that
debt is dve — due not less to the hand than to
the bend. Indeed, heart, head and hand con
spired to maintain the Union in its integrity.
Illustrative of the preat worth of the salva
tors of the Union I propose to speaK— without
detracting from the claims of any— of him
whose name is borne by your post.
Georn Henry Thomas was born July 31.
LBl6, in Southampton County, Virginia. His
ancestry waa We lefi on the father's side and
French-Huguenot on the mother's. He re
ceived an academic education in his native
county. He entered \V. st Point Academy
June 1. 1836. whence he graduated twelfth in
- of forty-rive July 90, 1840. Those know
ing him best describe him as "reticent, intro
spective, dignified and serious, a solid man,
never hasty In judgment or expression, but al
ways just and considerate ol others." He
served two years as second lieutenant in the
Indian war in Florida and was brevettea first
lieutenant for gallantry in capturing seventy
Seminole braves.
He wrvad in the Mexican War, fought in de
fense of Fort Brown, in the battle of Monterey
and in that of Buena Vista, was distinguished
in all of which and brevelted captain and
major for gal Untry in the last-named battles
in 1845 and 1846. From 1851 to 1854 he was
| instructor of cavalry and artillery at West
| l'oiut and ordered to California with his regi
| ment in 1853. From 1855 to 1860 he served
in TexM. In a skirmish fIHGO) he was wounded
i by ati Indian arrow in theciiinand breast — the
j only wound he ever received in the numerous
I engagements he so valiantly fought, and in
Which he never lost a single battle,
lie was held iv high estuem wherever known.
Virginia, bis native State, presented him a
splendid sword in token of its appreciation of
! his services in the Mexican War. Now comes
one of the severest trials of his eventful life.
Dense clouds of the coming Civil Warrollod
up from the South, day by day becoming
blacker.
Of his regiment Albert Sydney Johnson,
! Colonel Robert E. Lee, Lieutenant-Colonel X.
; J. HurJco, Senior Major Ruby Smith, Fitzhugh
I Lee, Hood and others resigned their commis
sions to enter the cause of the South, leaving
i him, as it were, alone with his regiment,
j shorn of its equipments through the treachery
WE WAIT YOU TO VISIT U&
Our Biclorama is Elegant
If you do not wish to purchase a bicycle
call and visit the "Biclorama." It is well
worth your time and we shall be pleased
to show you through the different depart-
ments. This is the finest bicycle store in
the country, aDd it is our object to please
all lovers of the sport. We have bicycles
for every one. If a lady or gentleman
wishes to learn to ride, here is the finest
academy imaginable, I? he or she, after
learning, wishes to rent, we carry a full
stock of New 1596 Ramblers to rent, as
well as the finest tandems made. Riders
who own their machines can store them in
the Biclorama, and can hire lockers, which
gives them the privileges of the elegantly
tiled hot and cold shower ana tub baths.
Our ladies' maid looKs after the wants of
the lady patrons, while the porter tries to
please the gentlemen who care to use the
elegant parlors, lockers and baths.
The repair department is most com-
plete, having the latest machinery, run by
electric power, including lathes, emery
and Duffing wheels, grindstones, forge,
brazing furnace and other necessary tools.
The Pickling Vat, Enameling room and
Baking oven have been in constant use
since the opening of the '"Biclorama,"
which proves how thoroughly this eleeant
shop is appreciated. Our repair depart-
ment is patronized to exceed our best ex-
pectations, and we solicit city and coun-
try repairing of every description.
It is our aim to cater to the trade of all
possible riders. We trflnt to sell the la-
dies, the mecbanic, the clerk, the profes-
sional man and in fact all wbo wish to
ride, our second-hand wheels at $25, $36
and $45 are extremely attractive, and we
are sure to please you if you wish to buy.
New Bicycles, of acknowledged reputation
and good quality, for $55, $57. $59 and $100,
are sure to please every one, even the
most fastidious.
Ladies should not miss this opportunity,
as we are now making a popular low priced
sale of high priced goods to attract the
public to our elegant Bicyclery, and we
solicit your patronage.
of TwiKgs. His clear intellect foresaw that to
remain at his post the South, including his
own State, would despise him ami the North I
distrust him. But his honor, which he held
dearer than life, and his conscience admon- |
Ished him that his oath of allegiance to the
Union was registered in heaven. Come weal,
come woe, no earthly power could swerve him
from the path designated by honor and con
science.
The flash of the first gun fired on Sumter j
lighted up as the noonday sun that path. He j
followed it with unerring fidelity, until the ,
Goddess of Liberty assumed her re'gn over the
whole Union.
Major Thoma*. promoted to the grade of
colonel May 3, iB6l, lost no time in reorganiz
' ing Ms regiment, and on May 14 reported j
ready for duty. Ordered South, he com- j
manded a brigade in the Shenandoah Valley, i
at Falling Waters, Martinsburg and Bunker j
Hill July 2, 3 and 15. In opposition to the dis- i
! trust entertained of him by the Secretary of ;
■\Y:ir he was, through the recommendation of !
General W.T. Sherman, promoted in August by j
I President Lincoln to be brigadier-general.
December 31 he moved against the enemy,
threatening the Hank of General Bragfc's
army In 18(52. January 19 and 20, he de- j
feated 'he enemy at the battle of Mills Springs. (
I He had but 7000 men while his adversary had |
I 12.000. This was the first Federal victory of j
1 importance. . . _,
The battle of Mills Springs proved Thomas |
i a soldier and an accomplished general. Gen
> eral Buell, recognizing the consummate gen
1 eralshipdisplaved. thanked him for achieving
i the brilliant vujtory. But, strange to say, the
! Secretary of War, though greatly praising the
j glorious achievements of the United States'
forces, failed to even mention the name of
' Thomas. ■ , ... ,
This victory, due to the superior skill of Gen
' eral Thomas, was far-reaching in Its results. It
i secured Kentucky to the Union. General
i Thomas was engaged in the movement on
I Nashville, February and March; in the Ten-
I nessce and Mississippi campaign. March and
' April; in the march on Pittsburg Landing; in
I the advance upon the siege of Corinth, irom
: April 9 to May 30, when he commanded the
i right wing of the Army of Tennessee; in com
mand at Corinth, Jane 5 to 22, pnd in opera-
I tiom in Alabama, Tennessee and Kentucky.
During the siege of Corinth, April 25, 18b2,
, Thomas received his promotion hb mnj'>r-gen
i eral of volunteers in recognition of his exce!
len t services at Mills Springs. On the advance
iuto Kentucky he was second In command oi
the Vrni- of Ohio; commnnaed the right wing
at the battle of Ferryvillc, October 8, and sub
sequent pursuit of the enemy. .
General Thomas commanded the center divi
sion of the Fourteenth Army Corps, under
Rosecrans, and withstood the furious assaults
of the enemy in the battle of stones River.
! The first day (December 31) of this great battle
I seemed decidedly against the Union army.
! General Rosecrans was greatly alarmed. Cou
; teniplatliip etreat he awoke General Thomas
at meht a.id asked:
"Will you protect the rear on retreat?"
Starting out of his slumber Thomas ex
claimed:
"This army can't retreat!" and at once fell
asleep a^ain.
That answer determined Rosecrans (his own
words) "to light or die." This battle raged
between the armies— each 50,000 stronp at
fl rsl _ n ntil the night of January 3, 1863,
when General Bragg rapidly retired to the
south witn the remnant of his defeated army,
leaving 10,000 of his dead on the field. The
Union loss was 8500. Thomas was the hero
of the occasion.
"General Thomas," says Van Home, "gained
greater distinction in other battles, but never
did he meet a crisis with more promptness and
skill."
1863, January 9. General Thomas was as
signed to command the Fourteenth Corps of
the Army of the Cumberland. The order was,
•'Forward to Cbaitanoogn." Passing unno
ticed the occurrences of the march, suffice it to
say that tne Union and Confederate armies—
nearly 100,000 each— were brought face to
face in battle array at Chickaruauga. Septem
t ber 19, 1883. Owing to General Rosecrans'
- misconception of General Bragg's plans the
I forces of the Union were placed at a di.-u.J-
I vantage.
: General Thomas commanded the right and
i center. The attack of the enemy was with
i tremendous force and consummate skill. Dur
ing the 19th, the flanks of the Union forces
were severely pressed and driven back a mile
, and upward, but the center stood firm, and
! returned blow for blow during the entire day.
; On the2olh the assaults of the enemy seemed
redoubled in strength and fury.
Tito right and left of the Union forces broke
and fell to the rear. General Rosecrans tele
graphed to Washington: "My army has been
whipped and routed" He abandoned the field,
and sent word to Thomas to use his discretion
in withdrawing the army. Thomas laconically
replied:
"It will ruin the army to withdraw it now;
I this position must be held till night."
Hold it he did. He, with 25,000 men, with
J " " V - M Es^ y^tf' ''/''''-■"•
71 the $ hlt ,, JwMo^'*<> 0
GFb^ / PI Y^
SECOND-HAND BICYCLES.
1893 Ramblers - - - $25.00
1894 Ramblers - - - $35.00
1895 Ramblers - - - $45.00
1895 other makes — $35.00
ENTRANCE ON TENTH STREET. NEW '96 RAMBLER
BICYCLES AND TANDEMS RENTED.
■ ' ■ - . ' '. ■ " ■' '
lhkz^Z-4 \j*&^ I 1■ i KEPAIR SHOP
l^b^^^ V^l KJEPAIR SHOP
■Enamelling oVm -
FULLY EQUIPPED, ALL KINDS OF EXPEKT BEPAIBINO
DONE. ENAMELING A SPECIALTY. -
I m ii PSA! When yon have a
113 till IHI pni' 1 in the back, a
ULIU L .if if listless feel in g,
M rill ll specks : before , the
19 81 Lb a eyes, prematureness
I I h. B■ . ft. ■ ■ you may be sure that
_-,-—---—■■■ you are in need of
II I II lßf "> something to give
LJ L 111 lfll you new life and new
II i™ 111 I MM vim and new energy.
ill II if You can get that
I I •■■■■"■■■ something, and it is
_ just fortunate for
Or II | IH I you that you can,
ill 111 L. Inf because you can re*
XI" 111 i 111 new yourself, you
ill II I ll can rin back the
lILII !■ ■ ■ powers that were,
you can be a manly
! f* I" RIB" VI I man if you use the
lie 111 1 111 l Hudsonian remedio.
K > 111 r lfll treatment, the great
miiLi! ■ xx
RENEW 5
nruriAi :Kr -
hi L 141 Llf If This wonderful re-
111 111 I MM ni ?aio-remedy sus-
ilS_ II ;§ tains and makes
■■■■■■■ ■■ anew the fires of life.
' ■— _ -"—■- n > lakes blood, brain,
II ri!rlfll muscle and nerve.
HI lllf Hudyan cures Nerv-
X l" 111 l" If If ons Ability. Neu-
111 II I If rasthenia and Nerv-
■l■■■ 1 I" ■■ ova Exhaustion.
Hudyan will be your
n rim If bestiriend. You can
HI Inf ecte et .H. Hu dyan only oy
X r lll»r lllf callir >c or writing to
nil |H I hd the old doctors of the
; llL.llL.ffs Hudson Medical In-
; ■ stitute. No one else
' : nnirill has Hud an . no one
■ 818 nliliif e^ so can give you
X P'lll 8" 111 l Hud an Certainly
111 In I if you want Proofs.
| !ILa I Li II Tne 3e you can have.
' Call or write for
i
• HUDYAN PROOFS. :
; iv, .....;
! BUDSOJ MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
| Stockton, Mnrket and EHij Sts.
I BLOOD TAINTS SBOflf
, Pimples. — .
Copper-colored spots. — .
[ — — Sore mouth. .
Sore throat. . .
Falling hair.
' Enlarged lumps.
- Glandular lumps. .
Skin eruptions. .
! — Partial loss of eyebrow. — —
i Sore eyes.
I When in this condition don't go to hot
'. ! springs— go to the old doctors of Hudson.
| You can sometimes arrest the poison in
i thirty days. y *
', i
• BLOOD
: cures :
: free. :
! • ?.... .....I
CALL OR WRITE
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.stood for five hours the incessant assaults of
60,000 veteran warriors. The world's war
reiord presents no spectacle more sublimely
grand tiian that of General Thomas and
his command hurling back in crimson spjav
the terrific surges of the enemy's mighty
forces. Well may Thomas be called -'The Rock '
ot Chiekamauga."
At night be retired his command in good
order to Chattanooga, the prize fought for,
capturing on his way 500 of the enemy.
General Grant taking command of the Grand
Army, General Thomas was appointed August I
19, l-'n;*, to the command of the Army of the I
Cumberland, as center division of "Shields'
army. This position was held by his command
at the storming of Missionary Ridge and
throughout the Atlanta campaign oi 18(>3dur- j
ing almost daily engagements from May to
September, resulting in the capture of Atlanta
September 1. 1864.
September 'Zl Thomas was placed in chiei
command In Tennessee with large discretion
ary powers. General Sherman, at the begin
ning of his famous march from Atlanta to the
sea, drew heavily from the forces of General
Jhomas. Indeed, his army thus reduced did
not at first exceed 25,000 effective men, while
the army under General Hood was not less
than 00.000. The Union army, however, was
from time to time increased, >o that Thomas in
his march to Nashville, by skillful generalship,
was enabled to resist successfully Hood at
Duck River and Spring Hill, and to inflict a
severe defe«u upon him November 30, in the
battle of Franklin.
ISti4, December 15-IH, General Thomas de
itated Hood in a great battle at Nashville,
utterlr destroyed Hood's army as an army and
pursued its straggling remnants beyond the
Tennessee River.
This victory was the death blow of the Con
federacy at the West. The rank of major-gen
eral In the regular army was now bestowed on
Jhocias. Congress at its next meeting ten
dered him a. vote of thanks. Time iorbids a
lur'her enumeration of bis highly important
services to his country. Bofltoe n*ty hay that
he died at his post doing duty" in San Fran
cisco, March 28, 1870. Well may it bo asked,
when shHll we see his like again? (ienera.l W.
T. Sherman says of him: 'Never wavered In
battle; who was firm and full of faith in his
cause; who never sought advancement of rank
or honor at the expense of any one; who was
the very impersonation of honesty, integrity
and honor, and who stands as the beau ideal
of the soldii-r and gentleman."
"Let it be added," said Henry Coppee, his
biographer, "that he was modest and retiring;
that he sought nothing for himself by politic
and pedantic means; that he never lost a
battle, but won several splendid victories; that
he did not receive the full merit of advance
ment and praise due to his merits during his
life, and that, feeling this, he declared that i
time and history would do him justice."
General James A. Garfield says: "On the
whole, 1 cannot doubt that the most fitting
parallel to General Thomas is found in our
greatest American [Washington]. He re
sembled Washington in the gravity and dig
nity of his character; in the solidity of his
judgment: in the careful accuracy of all his !
transactions; in his incorruptible Integrity, ;
and in his extreme but unaffected modesty."
All things fairly investigated and weighed !
in the scales of justice, the result clearly i
shows that no one did more than General '
Thomas to preserve the life of the Nation, i
Decorations annually reared mountains high :
upon his tomb would be none too much. Yet |
methinks those lips that bade victory ever i
obedient to their call to perch upon his j
standard wherever it was borne would forbid
a single flower more to be placed on his grave
than on that of the loyal private.
His soul was too grand, too noble, too pure, '
to just too permit the least partiality. Let us
bow in deference to that sentiment, and deter- ;
mine so far as possible that for which we
ought to be grateful not only to him but to all
who participated in winning the great victory ',
of freedom. That victory enfranchised millions
of bondsmen, making good the Declaration of ;
Independence, that "all men are created :
equal; it Eet at rest forever the unconstitu- ■
tional "doctrine of States' rights"; it made us
one established the integrity of the I
Union on the North and South from British i
America to Mexico and the Gulf, and on the '
East and West from ocean to ocean; it demon- [
strated to mankind that "the government of !
the people by the people and for the people" !
is the most wholesome and stable form of |
government; it demonstrated to the South the j
great value of the manufacturing industry; it
showed to the world our strength, our re
sources and our capabilities; it eliminated i
jealousies from the minds of the people in dif
ferent portions of the country; it stimulated
enterprise, made the people more self reliant '
and showed them that, to a large extent, they
themselves are the arbiters of destiny and i
placed the United states foremost in the rank !
of nations.
: The strength and power, the. extent and
volume, the truth and sincerity of that great :
verdict is beginning to be understood, but the ;
full scope and sweep of its effects have not yet
been determined. The recognition of nations
is faintly outlined in the prevailing sentiment,
advancing steadily and firmly toward the gov- !
ernment of man by men, and with that policy !
called - peace, best' maintained through the
power of national strength.
Trie evolutions which transformed the origi
nal confederacy and the union of States into
a great National Government, with power to
maintain Itself from every assault within and '
without, was the greatest result of the War of
the Rebellion.
You determined more fully than the world
had ever seen that all governments of the peo- |
ple rest upon an organized disciplined force.;
Form may change, but force continues con- i
stant. Your labors made it possible, through |
your organization, to add this principle to ex- j
isting law. You were the advance guard which j
cleared up dangers and led the Nation up to !
the bright clear light of day.
The "Norse Saga" has a myth that those who i
die in battle fight on, fight ever in the realms
of the upper sky. This Nation holds as a truth I
that those who died in battle that the Repub- j
lie might live live on, live ever, in the hearts ;
and memories of their fellow-countrymen.
. After Mr. Scott's address the Knicker- j
bocker Quartet gained new laurels by !
singing "Soldier's Farewell."
The announcement was made to mem- ]
bers of Thomas Post that exercises would >
take place at the Emporium at 8 o'clock in !
the evening, and that General W. H. L. i
Barnes, the grand old comrade, would I
attend.
The audience was asked to join in sing
ing "America," which request received a
hearty response, and then the people pres- '
ent were dismissed with a blessing in
voked by Chaplain Cruzan. . -
The monument in the National Ceme
tery to the memory of the Fifth Artillery
soldiers who perished near Sacramento in j
the strike campaign, was profusely deco- !
rated by flowers in wreaths and bouquets. (
Not a grave in the cemetery was neglected, j
Captain John A. Miller's Company F of :
the First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, [
pitched tents on the Presidio, near the j
eastern boundary of the reservation, just ;
north of the car track, and will remain in
camp until 4 o'clock this afternoon. Cap- !
tain Miller spoke highly of General Gra- |
ham's kindness in extending permission !
to use the reservation. ...
A large number of veterans belonging to
Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R., were gen- j
erously entertained yesterday afternoon |
by their comrade, Colonel Schlaudecker, at j
his place of business, corner Clay and j
Leidetsdorff . streets. The exercises were i
interesting and the refreshments ample, j
Quite a number of comrades from the |
various Grand Army posts assembled at
the Emporium last evening, but General
Barnes did not speak.
« '•■ ■
MEMORIAL DAY PARADE
Thousands Saw the Procession
of the Veterans on Their
March.
>-s usual the grand parade was, the fea
ture of the Memorial day ceremonies and
thousands, on thousands of citizens with
their families turned out to witness, the
procession, thronging the sidewalks and
windows where an unobstructed view of j
the marching veterans could be obtained. :
From 9:30 o'clock, when the first partici- j
pating organization took its place as dcs- |
ignated by the grand marshal, until 11 j
o'clock when the last division turned into
Golden Gate avenue, Market street re
sounded with martial music, and the
trump, tramp of the veterans as they
plodded over the cobbles resounded from
the buildings and mingled with ; the clat
ter of the hoofs of the aids' horses' as they
galloped to and fro carrying orders and i
hurrying the divisions it they lagged for
an instant. Flags and bright uniforms
made the street a blaze of color. ; The pa
rade was on the whole one of the best ever
Been on Decoration day in San Francisco
and was admirably managed throughout*
The older of march was as follows:
ORDER OF PARADE.
Mounte.l Police.
P. Crowley, Chief of Police.
Rifle Battalion ot Police.
Theodore Y. Brown, Grand Marshal.'
Major Charles J. Evans, Chief Aid.
Aids— B. Hayes, Dr. Clarence L. Heller, T. V.
Brown Jr., David Buck, Robert
Brown, J. A. McGee, Frank
llandley.
FIRST DIVISION.
First Infantry Band, l\ S. A.
Battalion First Infantry, U. S. A., Captain
J. J. O'Conrsell, Commanding.
Light Battery F, Fifth Artillery, V. S. A., Cap
tain C. Morris, Commander.
V. s. S. Philadelphia Band.
Battalion Sailors and Marines, U.S. SS. Phila
delphia and Mouadnock.
Lieutenant-Commander R. It. Ingersoll, Com
manding.
Naval Battalion, N. G. C, Lieutenant-
Commander L. H. Turner, Com
mnnding.
Signal Corps, Second Brigade, N. G. C, Captain
G. C. Boardman Jr., Com
manding.
First Troop Cavalry, Second Brigade, N. G. C,
First Lieutenant C. A. Jenks,
Commanding.
BECOXD DIVISION.
J. H. Rtley, Marshal.
Aids— Frank Whaley, M. J. Collins, 8. W. Car
penter, A. B. Donnelly.
Veteran Firemen's Band.
Veterans Mexican War, S. J. Loop, President.
Grand Army of the Republic.
T. C. Masteller, Department Commander, and
Staff.
Lincoln Post Xo.l, H.W. Mortimer.Commander. !
Uarneld Post No. 34, R. R. Kiilgore, Com
mander.
Colonel Cass Post No. 4G, John O'Neill,
Commander.
General G. G. Meade Post No. 4S, John F. Gog
gin, Commander.
Liberty Post No. 133, W. J. i'ark, Commander.
THIRD DIVISION.
James Kieruan, Marshal.
Aids: Abraham Loan, S. M. Carr, Thomas Wil
son, Edward Waish.
Veteran Firemen's Band.
Union Veteran Legion No. 139, J H. Harding,
Colonel.
Fair Oaks Camp No. 15. Sons of Veterans, C. S.
Howard, Captain.
CanDy Garrison No. 114, Regular Army and
Navy Union.
First Regiment, League of the Cross Cadets,
W. C. Mahoney, Colonel.
In Carriages:
Chaplain. Orator.
Poet. Reader.
Board of Supervisors.
Board of Education.
Board of Health.
Officers of the Deutscher Krleger Verein.
Disabled Veterans.
CitizeDS in Vehicles.
Floral Wagons.
Surgeon and Ambulance from German Hospital
When the bugle sounded "Forward" at
10:15 o'clock, a squadron of police on we'.l
grooraed horses led the way, showing
more aptitude for horseback riding than j
patrolmen do a 9 a general thing. Follow- j
ing came Chief of Police Crowley on a j
handsomely caparisoned horse, and sitting
as upright ami firm in the saddle as of |
yore*, when his horsemanship was the ■
envy of his subordinates in the depart- i
ment. Behind him came the. police rifle |
battalion, marching with the precision of
soldiers and presenting a fine appearance.
Then came Theodore V. Brown, grand i
marshal, in the full panoply of his oflice, '
with bis chief aid, Major Charles J. Evans,
and the following aids: Dr. C. L. Heller,
B. Hayes, T. V. Brown Jr., David Buck,
Robert Brown, J. A. McGee, Frank Hand- j
ley. ■
The first division, led by the First In- I
fantry band, U. S. A., attracted & vast
amount of attention and no little applause
from the sightseers, particularly when the j
sailors of the Philadelphia and Monadnock
marched by.
The band was followed by a battalion of
the First Infantry, U. 8. A., under the
command of Captain J. J. O'Connell, and
Light Battery F of the Fifth Artillery, U. i
S. A., under Captain C. Morris. The reg- j
ulars marched with the swinging pre- I
cision so noticeabie in American soldiers. ;
The band of the cruiser Philadelphia pre- j
ceded the sailors and marines, who were
commanded by Lieutenant-Commander
B. R. Ineersoll.
Scarcely less imposing and workman- ■
liKe were the ranks of the Naval Battalion,
N. G. C, that followed, under Lieutenant- j
Commander L. H. Turner. The militia •
boys seemed determined not to be outdone
bj their comrades in the regular service
and carried themselves with the ease born j
of a determination to shine.
The Signal Service Corps of the Second j
Brigade that followed, under Captain G. I
C. Board man Jr., presented a very hand
some appearance.
The member* of First Cavalry Troop,
Second Brigade/N. G. C. under First Lieu
tenant C. A. Jenks, with their brilliant
uniforms, brought the division to a close
as they clattered proudly by with nodding
plumes and clanking sabers.
The second division was that of the gray
heads and attracted more attention than'
all of the rest of the parade combined.
Year by year the ranks of the veterans be
come thinner and each succeeding Decora
tion day some familiar faces are missing
and their comrades honor their graves, yet
the surviving members plod manfully to
the cemeteries, even though a cane is
necessary to aid faltering footsteps and
dimmed eyes scarcely see the tattered and
fadeu banners that wave defiantly over
their heads as they march. The sound of j
the soul-stirnng music sends the blood
more quickly through their veins, the ail
ments of age and hardships are forgotten
and they live again in the days when the
roar of the cannon and the rattle of mus
ketry came daily, perhaps hourly, to their
ears. J. H. Kiley acted as mar-hal of the
division, with Frank Whaley, M. J. Collins,
S. AY. Carpenter and A. B. Donnelly as
aids.
The Veteran Firemen's band led the
grizzled members of the Mexican Veterans,
who were marshaled by President S. J.
Loop.
Then came Department Commander T.
C. MastHler of the Grand Army of the Re
public, with his staff, followed by Lincoln
Post No. 1, H. W. Mortimer commander; !
Gurfield Post No. 34, R. R. Kilgore com
mander; Colonel Cass Post Nc. 4G, John
O'Neill commander; General G. G. Afeade
Post No. 48, John F. Goggin commander;
Liberty Post No. 133, W. J. Park com
mander.
The third division was marshaled by j
James Kiernan, with Abraham Loan, 8. <
M. Carr, Thomas Wilson and Edward I
Walsh as aids.
Following the music came the Union
Veteran Legion No. 139, tinder Lieutenant-
Colonel Curry of the United States gun
boat tfennirgton, gray, but upright and I
soldierly still; Fair Oaks Camp No. 15, >
Bons of Veterans, under Captain C. S. j
Howard, youthful, but with eyes that told :
of their readiness to follow in their sires' j
footsteps should occasion demand; Canby j
Garrison No. 514, Regular Army and Navy j
Union, and First Regiment, League of the !
Cross Cadets, commanded by Colonel W. '
C. Mahoney. A long line of carriages j
brought up the rear of the procession, in
which were the chaplain, orator, poet,
reader, members of the Board of Supervis
ors, members of the Board of Education,
the Board of Health, veterans whose
ailments were too great to permit them to I
march in the organizations to which they '
belonged; officers of the Deutscher Rrie- !
per Verein: citizens in carriages, including '
Admiral Beardslee and his staff, consist- !
ing of Dr. Hawke, Flag Lieutenant Storey
and Flag Secretary willard. Others in
earrisiEes were President, of the Day H. W.
Mortimer. L. Alver French, Mr*. Lillian j
Piunkett Ferguson, Rev. P. H. Macomber, i
Rev. E. R. Duie.
The line of march was out Market street
to Golden Gate avenue and along that
thoroughfare to Van Ness avenue, where !
the procession maneuvered, the military j
organizations presenting arms as the vet
erans marched by and went their way to
the cemeteries.
AT THE CITY CEMETERIES
Solemnly Impressive [Services
Over the Graves of the
Dead.
The memorial services at the several
City cemeteries were peculiarly solemn
and impressive. In all there was a wealth
of flowers, whose gay and brilliant colors
were in strong contrast to the sepulchral
white gravestones marking the last earthly
resting place of the dead. Long before
the arrival of the Grand Army of the lie
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 31 AY 31, 189 G.
public posts the homes of the dead were
thronged with ladies, gentlemen and chil
dren, nearly every one of whom bore some
individual floral. tribute to: lay upon the
grave of a departed soldier, sailor or friend.
Everywhere were stacks of flowers of vari
ous ' hues 'and ■ varieties, ' and it was
remarked by H. T. Hobbert, a grizzled
veteran of Lincoln Post No. 1, that during
his fifteen years' experience as chairman
of the decoration committee he had never
before seen such a profusion. Tney came
in wagon-loads from the public schools
and the churches," and were picturesque
witnesses to the sacredness- in which the
community holds the day. „ .
The formal : exercises "were at O id Fel
lows' Cemetery, under the auspices of
Lincoln, Garfield, Cass, Meade and Liberty
posts of the G. A. R. At the Masonic
Cemetery the decoration of the graves
was especially seen to by Garfield Post No.
34, at Laurel Hill by Meade Post No. 48, at
Calvary Cemetery by Cass Post .No. 46, at
Golden Gats Cemetery by Liberty Post
No. 133; but at the Odd Fellows' Cemetery
the services were of a general character
and emblematic of fraternity, charity and
loyalty. Buried here in the Grand Army
plat alone lie the bodies of 12S soldiers and
sailors, who shed their best blood in the
defense of their country. Thousands of
Grand Army men died in 1895, and each
year tne number of the survivors grows
smaller, but, the observance of Memorial
day will be continued by a grateful people
long alter the last , war-worn and weary
veteran has been mustered out.
It was midday waen the Grand Army
column yesterday arrived at the cemetery.
Amid the booming of minute-guns the old
soldiers, with arms reversed and- colors
draped, marched slowly through the taste
fully decorated gateway and at the plat
where they are buried gathered reverently
around the graves of their fallen comrades
and halted. After "Nearer, My God, to
Thee," played by the Veteran Firemen's
band, an earnest prayer was offered. by the
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille.
"Twenty-five years ago to-day," said
Commander Henry W. Mortimer of Lin
coln Post and chairman of the day, "this
marble shaft, the monument to Califor
nia's patriotic dead of the War of 'the Re
bellion, was dedicated by the Grand Army
of the Republic upon an occasion similar
to this, and to-day we are again assembled
to perpetuate the memory and offer our
tribute of flowers to a Nation's heroes.
"As with bowed heads and reverential
mien we gaze upon these grassy mounds
wherein repose all that is left to remind
us of those heroes, all over the land, in
cities, villages and hamlets, columns of
veterans may be seen wending their way
to these silent cities of the dead where re
pose so many of the heroes of that magnifi
cent army called . into existence by our
beloved commander-in-chief, Abraham
Lincoln, who, his own life's work accom
plished,' sleeps wi'.h those other heroes
who, like himself, laid down their lives on
the altar of their country's welfare, who
died that the Nation might live.
"Each advancing year makes this anni
versary more deeply impressive, because
the greatness of the object for which these
men fought and died becomes more appa
rent. In our war we compressed into four
terribly full years more sublime deeds
than fill centuries of the history of all Eu
rope. \V> know that history does not
show anything to compare with the record
made by the American volunteers from
1861 to 1865.
. "We are here to-day on this hallowed
spot, where so many of those who make
a Nation's history are peacefully reposing,
our hearts filled with gratitude to these
patriots who gave up their lives that the
Nation might live, to deck their graves
*• with beautiful flowers, symbolic of purity.
The deeds of our fallen comrades are en
\ shrined in our hearts forever and their
names are recorded upon fame's immortal
\ tablet. The day will soon come when our
i country's defenders, who loved the dear
i emblem of true liberty, will pass away.
: Promise them to stand by the Nation and
i to keep it forever the land of the free.
Can you forget how we toiled and con-
I tended to uphold untarnished the red,
white and blue? Will you protect every
star from dishonor? Remember that we
saved this great Union for you."
Lillian P.iunkett Ferguson read an orig
inal poem, of the quality of which the fol
' lowing stanzas are fair samples: *
So blue the sky, so sweet the air
With breath of coming Jane,
The morning smiling everywhere '
A welcome to the noon; '
Ho peaceful is the scene, so fair,
That it would almost seem
The dread Alarms of battle were
The memory of a dream.
Our soldiers sleep; above, no sound -
Disturbs their calm repose.
They sleep; in silence deep, profound,
Unheeding friends or foes.
! No trumpet call, do hurried beat
Of drum can mar their rest;
They may not feel the blossoms sweet
That to ttieir graves are pressed.
They sleep. And y*t we love them so
That we would fain believe
They waken long enough to know
The reason why we grieve:
That with unseen but seeing eyes
They look into our own
. Through all the tangled wreaths of bloom
With all their mounds are strewn.
Our dear and martyred dead ! For them
No faltering numan tongue : ■'":;■"■
Can chant a (Utlcg requiem: -
The song will ne'er be sung,
Nor yet how sweet, nor yet how grand,
Nor reverent Its notes-
Nay, though It echoed through the land
From sixty million throats.
Forgiveness, friendship, love and peace;
• ()li, nation of our pride,
We pray the blessings ne'er may cease
For which oar heroes died. ■
In grateful homage bend we here
Above their hallowed sod .
Forgetting all save this: One dag,
One country and one Hod !
. "My Country 'Tis of Thee" was sung by.
the audience, and the oration of the day
was then delivered by th* Rev. J. H. Ma
comber, United States Army. An idea of
its general drift is given in the annexed
citations:
Comrades of the Grand Army, ladies and
1 gentlemen, and fellow citizens, we are assem
' bled here on this, our Nation's holy day, not to
advance the interests of partisanship, nor for
; self agrandizement, but lor a holy purpose.
| Forgetting for the day party, creed and sect,
i we mingle and commingle as is being done in
i like gatherings all over the Nation that we
i may bear some humble part, that we may share
i In the honor of paying a proper tribute to the
I memory and patriotism of our loyal dead. On
i Memorial day the people of this Nation gather
at the shrine ot their treasured dead to show
I that they are not unmindful of the faithful
| services rendered and the costly sacrifices
I made by the thousands who went down to the
i grave to the music of the battle march and
cannon's roar. ••ts2Gß*»*4&iSa&*aitt9f&£lK& l K$
Who, on the altar of heaven-born patriotism,
laid as a free-will offering for their country's
good, home, friends, service, all. In the pres
ence of great events, great heroism, men all
! most instluctivly seek to embody their grati-
I tude in some lasting memorial. Our grand
| American Republic was threatened with dis
ruption and ruin, but by the devotion and
death of her loyal citizen soldiery she escaped
I that calamity, ana Memorial day is the monu
ment reared by a grateful Nation and estab
lished as a medium through which the great
event shall be kept in mind. And we learn
j that this is not without classic precedent— not
! in exact form, but similar in purpose.
j The history of our memorial day in its in
cipiency is most beautiful and touching. •■ In
1864 graves of our Union dead were scattered
throughout all the Southern States and no one
did them honor, In the spring of that year
! the lately emancipated colored men, with a
j lofty recognition of the vicarious sacrifice of
the Union dead for their emancipation, with a
love (that shone more brightly because of
their poverty and humiliation, with a tender
sympathy almost sublime, gathered from field
and wood the wild flowers in their fragrance
and beauty and under the cover of night they
stole softly to the . last resting . place of our
fallen heroes and with teardrops glistening on
their sable faces with tender hands laid
thereon their floral ottering*, thus expressing
the gratitude they* could not express in words.
•-. More imposing and stately,' but. nevermore
lovingly and devoutly and with more pious
veneration, will the services of Memorial day
be performed. ,' Where no loving kindred could
ana where no other-hands would at that time,
unbidden, unknown, moved by no other mo
tive than purest patriotism and truest grati
tude, i eoul : deep, ■ those - simple-hearted men
then and there all unconsciously inaugurated
a memorial that shall never die, but shall
grow more and • more sacred as . the years roll
on and our Nation continues to exist. ■ •
This Nation can never forget the saviors of
our Union who, with • the battle-field for their
bier and their own blood for their winding
sheet, were buried in graves made sacred be
cause of the deposit— the conquering heroes in
the fratricidal war. When . their labors, their
courage, their endurance, their sacrifices are
remembered the immense cost at which their
work was done is apparent. Comrades, fellow
eitijtens, all, let us be faithful to impress upon
the minds of all, and especially the children
and youth of our land, the importance of the
day, "and as the years roll on of keeping up
this ceremony ; let us see to it, my friends, that
this sarred, this holy day, does not degenerate
into a mere holiday and picnic occasion.
No grnnder pilgrimage can beenteied upon
than this, laden with gratitude and devotion,
sweeping the whole Nation into its ranks,
bringing with them their floral offering, lift
ing us nil for the day Ht least, out of our sel
fishness into a purer, noMer. kindlier realm of
feeling and thought. To the old soldier who par
ticipated in all that experience of the four
dreadful though glorious yi-urs. it seems as il it
were but yesterday. We almost hear the roar
of cannon, the bursting shell, the rattle of
musketry, the hiss, the whirr and thnd of the
miunie ball, the manly cheer on the one side
and the yell on the other, and these in fre
quent repetition until the final victory came
and we returned in peace and quiet'to our
homes.
But, alas, how many of our brave comrades
we left behind. I say to us who were there,
when we recount these experiences, it seems
but yesterday; but when we see before us men
in middle life who are rallying their forces
into. their grand organizations to perpetuate
the principles for which we fought when we
are gone, the Sons of Veterans, the Army and
Navy Union and kindred societies, and find
them relating to tneir sons the story of grand
pa's valor and patriotism in the War of the Re
bellion, we are reminded that time is passing;
aiid when we recall some of the glorious prin
ciples that wen established and perpetuattd,
when peace came. Perhaps it may, after nil,
be said that these thoughts would come with
better grace from another thim an old solrtiet,
but who, after nil, has a better right to speak
on this subject than an old soldier? 1 thank
God that I was able to give to my country three
years of efficient service in the war. and al
though wounded in the head at Cold Hnrbor
and shot through the body at Petersburg, and
was a "boarder nt Hotel de Libby for three
months, I am stlli alive by the grace of God.
Thank God we enn sa-y in the language of the
Immortal Webster, in his speech concerning I
the Union, '-When my eyes shall be turned to
behold for the last time the sun in heaven may
1 not see it shining on the broken and dishon
ored fragments of a one** glorious Union; on
States dissevered, discordant, belligerent, and
on a land rent with civil feuds or drenched it
may be in fraternal blood. Let this last feeble
and lingering glance rather behold the gor
geous ensign of our Republic, now known and
honored throughout the earth, siill full high
advanced, its arms and tropniesjstre&ming in
their original luster, not a stripe erased or pol
luted nor a single star obscured, bearing for
Us motto no such miserable interrogatory as
What is all this worth? nor those other words
of delusion and folly, Liberty first and Union
afterward, but everywhere spread all over In
characters of living light, blazing in all its
ample folds as they float over sea and over
land and in every wind under the heavens
that other sentiment dear to every American
heart, Liberty and Union now aud forever, one
and inseparable."
There came next a dirge by the band,
the strewing of the graves with flowers by
comrades, a parting salute of three volleys
tired over the graves by a -squad of twenty
men of Lincoln Post, under the command
of J. H. Wilson, the officer of the day ; a
benediction pronounced by the Rev. Dr.
Dille, and, finally, "taps," J sounded by
the bugler and signifying that the lights
are out".
The shaft of the monument^ in front of
which was the tiring squad, stood upon
rising ground and was twined with ever
greens. The flag beside it floated at half
mast. The speakers' stand at the foot of
the slope was wrapped in the folda of the
National colors, and between it and the
monument, at the head of the slope, were
the white rows of headstones, flanked with
flags and decorated with flowers.
GARFIELD POST GREETED
Patriotic Services at the Geary-
Street Temple Last
Night.
Special memorial services were held nt
the G.-iry-street Temple la?t night in
honor of Garfield Post, G. A. R.
Rabbi M. 8. Levy delivered a patriotic
address, in which he paid a high tribute to
the dead heroes of the civil war and to the
survivors of both sides who now in perfect
fellowship unite in observing Decoration
day. jt
The altar was beautifully decorated with
silken American (lags. Upon an easel and
deeply indented in a frame of mourning
was a large picture of Garfield, and on
either hand were smaller pictures of equal
ly martyred Lincoln and of Grant, the
greatest tignre of the rebellion.
A great throng was already in the tem
ple when the veterans entered two by two
as the big ornan-pij>es in a mighty wel
come rolled out ''Marchine Through
Georgia." The music was a notable feat
ure of the evening. Beginning with "To
the Memory of Our Departed" the choir
'•ang four pieces, concluding with
"America," in which the whole congrega
tion united in a rebounding chorus. The
other pieces were "O Lord, What Is
Man." and "Rest, Spirit, Rest." As the
veterans marched out the organ pealed
forth a medley of National airs.
The choir was made up pf the following
persons: iMr. Sandy, bass; If. Jones,
tenor; Miss Ro.<-e Adier end Mrs. Huner,
sopranos, and Mrs. Burpes and Miss Juli
ette Levi, alt a. Mr. T.retherick of the
Unitarian church was the organist.
During his address Rabbi Levy said:
Few of these historical war days are free from
the double bitterness that the fruit of the vic
tory, dearly bought by the blood of the people,
accrues only to the titled few. How different
is the message winged by our Decoration day.
No potentate has ordered its institution. The
people of their own free will and choice conse
crated it to its noble uses. Legislation giving
it the character of a legal holiday milled only
what the people had done before.
What is the thought which Is alive in the
flowers we plant on the graves of the departed
heroes? That we live in peace for the death
they fought. ;,.• . .
Heroism is not yet extinct. -.. Among all
classes find under all climes are to be found
those willing to rink life and limb when duty
calls. The brave of Gettysburg and Appomat
tox died that we might live. The war they
waged was not to be compared to European
wars, a torerunner of a still greater -struggle
and havoc and hatred, but our war was a gate
way to eternal peace. There is no triumph in
the memories of Decoration day. The flowers
and flags that we have placed on the graves of
our departed proclaim to the world that the
people of America are not ungrateful. Deco
ration day is a new consecration to the duties
of our constitutional life. It proclaims a les
ion of patriotism that no other Nation has the
privilege to understand or to apply.
TEN COMPANIES AT MASS
League of the Cross, Six Hun
dred Strong, Visits the
Cathedral.
The League of the Cross Cadets turned
out 600 strong yeeterday for requiem mass
at St. Mary's Cathedral.
Shortly before 8:30 o'clock the youths in
fall uniform and wearing their" sabers at
their sides entered t lie church two by two
and took seats along the main aisles. The
whole central part of the cathedral soon
presented an unbroken body of youthful
soldiery assembled for religious service.
Hundreds of other worshipers occupied
every other available seat, and the galleries
were filled with people.
Father Mulligan of St. Mary's Cathedral
celebrated the mass and Father Ryan of
8t Bridget's officiated as deacon of the
mass, while Father McDonald of St. Peter's
acted as sub-deacon. Father Joseph Byrne
of St. Mary's was master of ceremonies.
It had been the intention to have Father
Philip O'Kynn, director of the League of
the Cross Cadets, preach to the reciment
upon the observance of Memorial day, but
as soon as mass was over, shortly after 9:30
o'clock, the cadets had to leave in order to
be in time to participate in ihe general pa
rade of the forenoon.
When the Memorial day parade was
over the cadets disbanded and scattered to
their several homes for luncheon. At 1
o'clock companies A and I took the elec
tric cars for Holy Cross Cemetery in San
Mateo County. They were accompanied
by Father O'Kyan and by T. H. Failon, a
member of the executive committee.
Two full companies were represented, A
under the command of Captain Dradyand
I under the command of Captain Hag
gerty.
Arrived at the cemetery, the cadets
visited the graves of Hugh Meghan, once a
member of Company A, and C. Sheffield,
to whose memory Company I paid special
tributes. Each grave was rilled with floral
tributes and over each a prayer was said
by Fattier O'Ryan, after which the follow
ing rifle squad from Company A tired a
volley to their only departed comrades:
Sergeant Giesting, Corporals M. Leonard,
benjamin McKinley, Steele, Privates
Whitney, Maguite, \V. Smith and J. Bros
man.
Last night Company A left this City on
the 11:30 boat for Sausalito, and from Mill
Valley the cadets tramped to the top of
Mount Tamalpais to see a Sunday morn
ing sunrise from the mountain summit.
Companies A and 1 purpose to go camp
ing together immediately after the Fourth
of July. They will visit" Aqua Caliente, in
Sonoma County. In anticipation of their
friendly intercourse dunnsr the summer
encampment Company I recently gave a
reception to Company A that the members
might become acquainted with each other.
Company A intends soon to return the
favor by "entertaining Company I.
SALUTE THE FLAG.
Bands of Hope March With Fife and
Drum.
Nearly 200 boys and girls of the Bands of
Hope had a splendid time yesterday after
noon dedicating a new flag.
The children assembled at 1 o'clock in
Mozart Hall. Under the charge of Mrs.
B. W. Kerrigan, their leader, they marched
to the headquarters of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union on McAllis
ter street, near the New City Hall.
They were preceded by a drum and rife
band, and on arriving at the bouse they
found a number of members of the organ
ization waiting on the steps to receive
them.
Joseph Knowland of Alameda had do
nated to the W. C. T. U. a handsome new
flag, as well as a flagstaff and a bulletin
board. As soon as the children drew up
opposite the headquarters the flag was
raised and the little ones gave it the salute,
after which they joined in singing "Amer
ica."
These patriotic exercises having been
gone through the children were pho-«
tographed and went into the house,
where they were feasted on ice
cream, cake and lemonade, under
the care of Mrs. Spencer, Mrs. Carver
and a number of other ladies, who ad
ministered to their wants.
Literary exercises followed the icecream,
and the children, who had been especially
trained by Mrs. Kerrigan, took quite a
prominent part in the proceedings.
Mr. Knowland made a speech to the
children, who, by the way, almost tilled
the house, and they responded by winging
a temperance song for Mr. Knowland. Dr.
Mary B. Mallory gave the youngsters a
talk on ''Why we celebrate this day."
Mrs. Nellie B. Eyster talked on "The Star
spangled Banner."
Little Mabel McCoy sang 1: A Thousand
Years," Arthur Bird gave "Drake's Ad
dress to the Flag," L. B. Mallory sang
"Trie Battle Hymn of the Republic," and
Miss H. Lorrimer and Miss Ruby Irving
ais.i recited, while the little children took
part in a dialogue. Altogether the Bands
of Hope spent a very pleasant Memorial
afternoon.
LINCOLN POST BANQUET.
Grand Army Men Enjoy a Feast
and Toasts In the After
noon.
After the Grand Army had performed
its mournful duties yesterday Lincoln Post
returned to the City and partook of a col
lation prepared by Comrade Colonel
Schlaudecker ot the Bank, on Clay street.
Colonel C. Mason Kinne presided at the
table, flanked by Department Commander
Masteller, Post Commander Mortimer and
man)' other members of the post.
Speeches were made by Colonel Kinne,
Captain Mortimer, General Masteller,
Colonels Koltinson and Lyon, N. J. Brady
and many others, and tlie occasion \v;is
one long to be pleasantly remembered by
the members of Lincoln Post.
A delicious menu was prepared in
American fashion, all the dishes being
American and the wines Californian.
At Holy Cross Cemetery.
California Garrison 101, Regular Army
and Navy Union, sent a detail under com
mand oi Past Commander J. F. Fitzgerald
to Holy Cross Cemetery to decorate the
graves of their comrades buried theie.
After decorating the graves the League of
the Cross Cadets fired three volleys over
the dead. TrumDeter Molitor of the gar
rison sounded taps.
BY PATRIOTIC PUPILS.
Memorial Day Observed Friday in All
the Public Schools.
It was a gala day on Friday with the
thousand teachers and the forty thousand
pupils of the public schools of San Fran
cisco. The afternoon was devoted to the
celebration of Memorial clay, which falls
this year upon Saturday, a school holiday.
In a circular addressed a week or so ago
to principals Superintendent of Schools
Bahcock said: "To my mind there is no
day that should come nearer to the patri
ot ie heart of tne Nation than should
Memorial day, and 1 hope you and your
teachers will make it an occasion to im
press upon the pupils the important les
sons that the day suggests."
Conformab'y to this timely advice, the
flags upon a.'l of the schooihouses—prim
ary, grammar and high — were displayed
.11 half mast.
The classrooms were banked deeply with
flowers and evergreens, contributed by the
patriotic children, for use to-aay in deco
rating the graves of the gallant soldiers.
In all of tlie schools there were appro
priate songs, lecitations, etc. A company
ol boys— a hundred strong— from the Lin
coln Grammar School, will participate in
the parade to be held to-day at the Pre
sidio. Principal Elisha Brooks of the
Girls' High School belongs to the Georce
11. Thomas Post of the Grand Army of
the Republic and his students burned with
the sacred fires of patriotism. W. \V.
Stone, also a Grand Army of the Republic
man, is principal of the South San Fran
cisco Primary School. Following is the
programme of songs, recitations, essays
and addresses:
Sons, "Cover them over with flowers,"
school; "Bugle Call of Gettysburg." E. Essen;
"Metnory'H Bands of Earth," Domiie To<ld;
"Many Flags of Many Lands," K. Kitchen ;
"Mount Vefnon Bells," fcthool; • Free<iom'M
Flags." Eugene Peguillan ; "-Sherman's March
to the Bea," school: "Abraham Lincoln,"
George Kasmussen; "Uepar'ed Braves." Agnes
Hennessey; "yoldiurs' Reprive," Josie Rahl
man ; "The Blue ana the <_;rny,'' Lucy Hanson:
"Hnttle Hymn of the Republic, '"' school;
"Bivouac of the Dead." M. Roche; "The Un
known," Sophie Htncken; "Flowers for the
Soldier*," May Molema; "Memorial Day,"
Herman Ranlmau; "Stars und Stripes," Ku
gene Bruer; "America," school.
Following is the programme of exercises
rendered at the John Swett Grammar
School, of which Albert Lyser is principal :
Song, "Star-Spangled Banner'"; "Origin of
Memorial Dny," Dora Savage; "Decoration
Day," Herman Kronenberg: "Our Dead," Wil
liam Norton; song, "Mount Vernon Bells";
"Blessed Are They That Mourn," .Sadie Men
delsohen; "The Blue and the Gray," Amy
Garoutte; some impromptu verses, Hat
tie Moulton; "You Have Put No Flow
era on My Father* Grave," Lydi.-i
Valencia; "God's Acre," Gus Lenore;
"Our Country," Roy clHrke; song, "The Ked,
White and Hlue"; "The Spirit of '70." Ger
trude Mordecai; '-How sleep the Brave'" Bell
Murphy; "Seedtime and Harvest," Gertrude
Nutaoo; song, "The Old Kentucky Home":
"Individual I'unty the Hope of the State."
Joseph Golden; "The Deatii of Lincoln," Celia
Morris; "Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Ad
dress," Herbert Fowler; "Soldier. Rest!" Telia
Celler; song, "Good-night"; song, "America."
At the Edison School, of which Miss
Chalmers is principal, all the classes par
ticipated in patriotic observances. There
were recitations, songs and dialogues.
Miss Chalmers stated that the ceremony
of saluting the flag is observed in ail the
classes nearly every day and that the
young patriots are exceedingly zi-">»j in
this matter.
■~_';\_-_- : NEW. TO-PAT.T * f.:/ "
HUMPHREYS'
HOMEOPATHIC SPECIFICS HAVE
BEEN STANDARD FOR
50; YEARS»
FEVER, Congestion, Inflammation,
Heat, Pain and Restlessness are cured by
No. 1.
If Chilled or Cold, Lame or Sore, always
take No. 1.
DYSPEPSIA; Indigestion; Weak
Stomach are cured by No. 10. It gives
that feeling of buoyancy unknown to the
dyspeptic.
RHEUMATISM is put to flight by the
use of No. 15; Soreness, Stiffness aad Lum-
bago are known no more.
A GOOD COMPLEXION rivals a beauti-
ful face or figure. No. 14 gives a peachy
smoothness cures all skin diseases.
■."77" for COLDS.
"77" Breaks up a Hard Cold.
Manual of Diseases mailed free.
Sold by druggists or sent prepaid upon receipt cf
rrice, '25 cents to $1. Humphreys'. Medicine Com-
pany, ill William street, New York.
IT'S A MATTER
OF saving money '
rpHAT DRAWS SUCH CROWDS TO OUR
1 stow». We undersell all other shoe houses on
the coast, because we own this big building and
have no enormous rent to pay. You share in the
saving.
Here's a Shoe we're offering lor $2.15. You
cannot duplicate It elsewhere for less that $3.
f^lf Of) 4 r
Fine Paris Kid Boot, very stylish, ' up-to-date
needle toe with V-shaped patent leather tip, In
cloth or kid top, all sizes and widths.
HIGH CLASS TPAN
1 \ I »tj
:JlJ|^"--$1;B0'
The $2 Kind Southern Tan 'lies, with cloth tops
to mutch, hand-turued soles, V -shape tip, pointed
toes, all sizes and widths.
SEE THESE BARGAINS.
134£ and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
(t "PATE NTS! i)
Do You Want
MANHOOD?
«i^ //M * J^^i^^i^,
—Nervous Debility. This is the enemy which in time destroys
even the muscular power and all power of mankind.
"Would you protect yourself against any possibility of thi9
calamity ? Ignorance of the symptoms is no excuse for permit-
ting the weakness to grow on you. If you would study this sub-
ject for your own good send for the little book, "Three Classes of
Men," which will be mailed free, closely sealed. It is plain and
honest, and its contents are instructive.
Manhood Quickly Restored.
Westminster, Orange County, Cal., May 18, 1596.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: The Belt which I bought from you sojne time ago has cured me.
My disease was seminal weakness of five yeaTs' standing. I had emissions on an average of five
times a week, and many times three in one night. I used, all kinds of drugs and patent medi-
cines, and was, when I began your treatment, in a very weak condition, both from my trouble
and the many different drugs I had taken. As soon as I applied your Belt I found relief from
my losses, in three weeks a general improved condition, and lam now entirely cured. I can-
not say too much in praise of your Belt. Yours truly, J. M. lIUBBARD.
Think of the happiness, the
deep, heart-whole content that
settles upon your mind when
you say to yourself, "I am
strong and manly ; I have pre-
served the gift of manhood that
nature gave me." Yes, you
who can say that, and say it
honestly, think of how much
you owe to nature, the giver of
manhood. Yet not many can say it. There are too many pit-
falls, too many temptations in the path of young men, and too
many of them fall.
It is to correct the error of youthful folly, and ;to point out
the happy recovery of 5 manly vigor by. his wonderful Electric
Belt, that Dr. Sanden has given to the world his famous book,
"Three Classes of Men." He will : send a pocket edition, free,
sealed, to any sufferer, or to any man who does not feel himself •
man. Get it. . Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt cures weak men.
Call or address
S-A.3XTI33Z:3Nr ELECTRIC C 0. ,.
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to I.
— — OB 1 33 I IOHSS '■; AT— —
XOS ANGELES. CAL. I PORTLAND, OR. '
i.04 bouth Broadway. | 253 Washington stre^
'. :' -V. .. ' SEW TO-DAY. :-': \ .'' ■ ■ ~
THE HAT
SENSATION
XX X Of the
XX X YEAR!
THE BIG KEARNY-
STREET STORE, IN
ITS BIG HAT DE-
PARTMENT ON
MONDAY,
Will place on sale some
600 dozen of those very
swell Fedora Hats,
SAME GRADE,
SAME STYLES,
SAME SHADES
that other stores are get-
ting $1.50 for.
Silver Gray, Otter,
Cuban Libre,
Brown and Black.
For Monday, and not after, at
75c.
WTs
For Men and Boys.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
Hatters to All Mankind,
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNKY-AT-
; \J law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. .Residence IIiUJ
! Fell at. Telephone^ "Pine" 2591. j
A STRONG MAN who is vig-
orous in muscular power is
the envy of his fellow-man. He
is looked upon as one of nature's
noblemen. And yet how many
men there are who would gladly
sacrifice that muscular strength
for the recovery of a still more
precious element that has been
lost. Men are not always what
they eeem. Almost daily we come
in conversation with men who
seem strong, vigorous, but who
have begun to fail in the force of
manhood, and who would, in a
few years, on account of this
treacherous, secret waste, fail vic-
tims to that most hateful disease
: -^Sa^&— -^
910
HIELAND PIPERS
BLAWED WI' BIRR
Thirtieth Annual Celebra
tion of the Caledon
ian Club.
MOST SUCCESSFUL DAY.
Ten Thousand People Gathered
in Shell Mound Park Yes
terday.
A WORLD'S RECORD BROKEN.
All the Events, Forty-Six in Number,
Keenly Contested and a Fine
Day's Sport Enjoyed.
"The skirl of the oipes" in Shell Mound
Park yesterday made it known to all and
sundry that the Caledonian Club was cele
brating its annual gathering.
It was the thirtieth annual gathering
and games of the club, and the exuecta
tion of the officers that it would prove one
of the most successful events in the his
tory of the club was more than realized.
As early as 9 o'clock in the morning,
when the first event on the programme
was started, there was a fair-sized crowd
of Deople on the grand stand, and it was
gradually augmented until by 2 o'clock in
the afternoon there were, on a conserva
tive average, nearly 10,000 people on the
grounds.
Everything had been done by the offi
cers of the club and the reception commit
tee to make the event one of the most en
joyable in its history and their efforts in
that direction showed that they had not
labored in vain.
Among the guests of the club were:
Colonel C. L. Taylor, acting Mayor;
Andrew Wiikie, president St. Andrew's
(■focieiy ; James McN«b and Robert South
erland, ex-presidents Lt. Andrew's Society ;
Hugh Fraser. chief of the Thistle Club;
ex-Chiei Fraser, of Clan Fraser; Colin M.
Boyd, John F- Kennedy, Captain \V. J.
Douglass, Daniel A. McDonald; W. Brod
enqfc, City Auditor; T. Morton, John
Forsyth. Judge Campbell, J. C. Lawsen,
Phil Ryan, oi the San Francisco Handball
Court; Neil Mclsaac, P. T. Donnelly, Sen
ator Hawes, Captain Hawes and Alexan
der Martin. Amona those irom Sacra
mento were Cnief Carlan of the Caledonian
Club, ex-Chiefs Thomas dcott and Joun
Morrison, Secretary Kerr, ex-Chieftains
McC <tt atid McLellan, and about titty
members; and from Stockton ex-Chiefs
John McLaren and Dan A. McDougall,
and many others.
One of the most pleasing features of the
gathering was the large number of
children in Highland costume from Sacra
mento, Stockton and other cities, about
seventy altogether, who took part in the
dancing.
There were forty-six events on the pro
gramme, and most of them were keenly
contested. Tom Carroll, the well-known
athlete who takes a pride in smashing
records, made another world's record by
putting the light stone 51 ieet 10 inches,
which was 10 inches in excess of the
previous record. Nothing unusjial oc
curred in the other events.
There was a disappointment in the inter
school relay race. It was expected that all
of the high schools in the immediate vicin
ity of the City would compete, but the
only ones who entered were Berkeley High
[School and the lower High School of this
City, and only two competitors appeareu
from ttech. Berkeley won.
One of the most enjoyable features of
the games was the dancing in Highland
costume by the eiris and boys. About
seventy competed, and when they ap
peared on the pl.ntform and gracefully
tripped the light fantastic it was a sight
long to be remembered.
Tbe Jug-of-war between eight of the
married men of the club and an equal
number of the single men was looked for
ward to with the greatest interest. The
married men were not in it, and they had
to speedily succumb to the superior
strength of the single men, much to the
disappointment of tne married ladies, who
watched the briet struggle for supremacy
with the keenest interest.
Much of the success of the games was
due to the officers of the clvb — D. R. Mc-
Neil, chief; John Reid, first chieftain;
George Davidson, second cnief tain; James
H. Duncan, third chiettain; William
Mitchell, fourth chieftain — and to the
committee on games, Angus McLeod,
John McLaren, Jerome McCarnac, P. Mc-
Intyre. James W. Harri:-, James Gorie,
W. R. Eaton, Charles A. McPhee, George
McDonald and Thomas D. Carroll.
The reception committee was unceasing
in its efforts to make the guests of the club
feel at home and everything was done to
accord them a hearty welcome.
The committee consisted ot First Chieftain
John ReiiJ, chairman ; D. A. Macdonald,
Colin M. Boyd, J. F. Kenneuy, W. C. Cur
nett, C. Chisholm, Robert Sutherland,
John M. Duncan, James McNab, Colonel
Thomas McGregor, Captain J. H. Bruce,
Colonel C. L. Taylor, Captain D. McKcch
ine, James Miller, W. Urquhart, W. NiooL
T. W. Bethel, General J. J. Wall, John
Mallon, C. Na9b, James Aitken, Neil Car
michael, Dr. J. A. J. Macdonald, John
Smith and D. K. Campbell.
The committee on judges consisted of
Daniel A. McDonald (chairman), John
Donaldson, John A. McLeod, Neil Mc-
Lean, George W. Elder, J. T. McDonald,
Sydney Miller, Georse Dingwall, Andrew
Wiikie Jr., Walter Reed, James A. Mc-
Kay, John t\ McDonald, M. P. Forbes, D.
H. Finnic and D. J. McFarlane.
Dancine was kept up in the two pavilions
from 9 o'clock in the morning till 7 o'clock
in the evening without intermission to the
ruusic of Greff and Fairgrieve's bauds. J.
E. MacCormac was floor manager in the
large pavilion and A. D. McCormack in
the mound pavilion.
Following was the result of the different
events:
Heavy quoits, open to all comers— First prize
$t>;: second. $4; third, $2. Judges— D. H. Fin
nic, M. i\ Forbes, George Dingwali. First, B.
Jarilecn : second, Alex. Sharp; third, D. Finaie.
Kace for sous ot members of Caledonian Club
of San Francisco (under 12 years)— First prize,
*3; second, S?2; thirJ, $1. Judges— Andrew
Wiikie, Sydney Miller, Walter Reed. First,
Ray Elder; second, Dan Smith; third, Gus
Elder.
Handicap race for sons of members of Cale
donian Club olSan irancisco (12 to 18 years)—
First prize. $4; second, fS; third, $2. Same
judceh as No. 2. First, Robert Duncan ; second,
W. Ihividson; third, K. Gorie.
Vaulting witn pole, for sons of members of
Caledonian Club oi San Francisco (under 18
years)— First prize, $5; second, $3; third, $2
Judges— D. h. Fiiiine, M. p. Forbes, George
Dingwall. First, William Davidson; second,
Adam Ross; third, Koberi Ross.
Putting heavy stone— First prize, $7; second
$5; third, $3. Judges— Neil McLean, James
h. McDonald, J. A. McLeod. First, T. Carroll
second, D. Reed; third. J. J. Cameron
Putting light stone— First prize, $7; second
$5; third. $3. Judges same as preceding
, First, T. Carroll; second, J. A. Cameron; third
J. J. Cameron.
ill row ing heavy hammer— First prize, $7
s-econd, $5; third, $3. Judges- -D. J MeFar
iane, J. F. McDonald. George W. Elder First
J. J. Cameron ;-aeuoiid, T. Carroll; third d'
Reid. - ' '
Throwing light hammer— First prize, $7;
second, $5; third $3. Judges same as pre
ceding. First, J. J. Cameron; second, S
Carroll; third, S. Smith.
Bcbt-dretsud nun (in plain Highland cos
tume)— First prize, $5; second, $3; third, $2.
First, John Morrison; second, D.Reid; third,
Ed Ross.
Best-dressed boys (in full Highland costume)
—First prize", $4; second, $3; third. $2. First,
A. McCaw; second, T. Scott; third, Dan Smith.
Grand Highland reel (men in Highland cos
tume)— First prize, $7; second, $5; third, $3.
First, J. S. Mclntosh; second, P. B. Findley;
third, A. Bealon. .
Boys' handicap race (under 15 years)— First
prize, $3; second 1 , $2; third, $2. Judges,
D. H. Finnic, George Ding wall, A. Wiikie.
First, John Kenny; second, Joe O'Leary; third,
Otto Berth.
Young ladies' race (15 years and over)— First
firize, stamped ladies' belt, purse and chate
nine bap, value $5, donated by S. McGregor;
second, case of perfumery; third, box of hand
kerchiefs. First, Grace Levins; second, Miss
Neale; third, Miss Lillie Joiee.
Race for men (twice around the track)— Ftrrt
Frize, $6; second, $4; third, $2. Judges— M. P.
orbes, Sydney Miller. Neil McLean. First, C.
Grant; second, G. Wilsor.; third, C. 8. Thomp
son.
Race for apprentices belonging to the ships
in port— First prize, $5; second, $3; third, $2.
Judges same as preceding. First. Charles
Trethwan; second, F. Riccomi; third, E. Nau
man.
Running hop, stepand jump — First prize, $6;
second, $4; ihird, $2. Judges— Walter Reed,
D. J. McFarlane, George W. Elder. First. J.
Murphy; second, C. Grant; third, W. Curley.
Amateur handicap race (opeu to nil amateur
clubs and under the auspices of the Amateur
Athletic Associftt ion)— First prize, gold medal;
second, gold and silver medal; twice around
the truck, or 350 yards. First, Ralph B. Lloy;
second, George James.
Running high leap— First prize, $6; second,
$4; third. $2. Judges — James A. McKay,
Walter Reed, George Dingwall. First, C. Grant;
second, T. Carroll; third, Charles Reid.
Hurdle race (twice around the tr-_ick)— First
prize, $6; second, $4; third, $2. Judges same
as preceding. First, C. Grant; second, F. Wil
son; third, W. Gillis.
Running jump — First prize, $6; second, $4;
tliinl, $2. Judges: M. P. Forbes, D. H. Finnic
and D. J. McFarlane. First, C. Grant; second,
J. Murphy; third. J. Sexsmith.
Standing high leap— First prize, $5; second,
$3; ihir.i, $2. Judges same as preceding.
Urst, C. Grant; second, J. Sexsmiih; third, J.
Murphy.
Race "for members of the Caledonian Club of
San Francisco (five times around truck,'— First
prize, "Wall" champion diamond medal, -■■alue
ir'JOO, and $7, to be won three times in succes
sion by the same competitor. (This is the
second elegant medal presented by General J.
G. Wall): second, $7; third, $5. Medal to re
main in possession of the club until finally
«<m. First, (;. A. Thompson; second, John
Toseaeh; third, M. Giili>.
Tossing the caber— First prise. $8; second,
$5; third $3; judges, James T. McDonald. John
A. McLeod, James A. McKay. First, T. Carroll ;
second. J. .(. Cameron ; third, D. Reid.
Throwing heavy hammer, lor members and
of sister societies, whose record is not over 90
feet— First prize. $5; second, $3; third, $2;
ju-lge.-, Neil McLean, D. .). McFarlatid, Syduey
MUI-r. First. J. A. Cameron; second, L. Smith;
third! Dan McLeod.
Throwing light hammer, for members and of
sister societies, whose record is not over 110
feet— First prize, $5; second, *3; third, $2;
judges, same as preceding. First, J. A. Cam
eron ; second. Dan McDonald; Uiird, D. Reid.
Putting heavy stone, for members and of sin
ter societies whose record is noi over 32 feet-
First prize, $5; second, $3; third, $2. Judges:
James T. McDonald, D. H. Finnic. J. A. Me-
Leod. First, J. J. Cameron; second, J. A. Cam
eron ; third, D. Reid.
Putting light stone, for members and of sister
societies whose record is not over 40 feet— First
prize, $5; second, $3; third, $2. Judges same
as preceding. First, J. A. Cameron; second,
J. J. Cameron; third, Dan McDonald.
Amateur handicap race— First prize, sold
medal; second, gold and 6ilver medal. Five
times around the track, one-naif mile. First,
George Klarmann; second, F. Smith.
Race for members ouly (fiv«. times around
the track— First prize, Jacoby gold medal; sec-
I ond, $5: third. $3. Judges: Neil McLean,
».eor<;e W. Elder, J. F. McDonald. First, G. L.
Thompson; second, J. Tosach, W. Gillis.
Tug-of-war, eight men on a side (married and
single men), turf pull— First prize, case of
wine; second, box of cigars. One pull. Cap
tain of married men, James W. Harris; capiain
of single men, William Mitchell— First, single
men; second, married men.
Bagpipe playing. (March "Strathspey Reel.")
£aca class of music to be played through
twice only. Firs; prize, $10; "second, i? 5:
third, $3— First, D mall Weir; second, Neil
! Limisay; third, Ed Ross.
Sword dunce (lads and lassies in costume).
First prize, $4; second, $3; third, $2; prize to
each remaining competitor — First, A. Ross;
second, A. Mclntyre; third, Tom Scott.
Highland fling'(lads and lassies in costume,
12 years and over)— First prize, $4; second,
$3; third, i? 2. First. A. Ross; second, A. Mc
lutyre; third, Jessie Carlow.
Interschool relay race, under the aaitptces of
the Amateur Athletic Association, for members
of the high schools, one mile, five competitors,
each of the competitors to run twice around
the track. The winning team will be presented
with a handsome banner. First, Berkeley
High School.
Vaulting with pole, handicap for amateurs—
j First prize, gold medal; second prize, gold and
j silver medal: First, Edgar Specker; second,
Ray Simonds.
Long Race for men (ten times around the
| track)— First prize. iflO; second, $7; third, .$5.
Judges, James A. McKay, Walter Reed and An
drew Wiikie: First, F. Wilson; second, F.
Cooley: third, G. A.Thompson.
Sword dance (men in costume) — First prize,
$6; second, $4; third, $2. Fir«t, McCltilan;
second, J. is. Mclntosh ; third, J. Beaton.
Reel o'Tr.Uoch (men in costume) — First prize,
$6; second, $4; third, $2. First, J. 8. Mc
lntosh; second, A. Beaton; third, P. D.
Findlay.
Highland fling (men In costume)— First prize,
$t>; second. 54; tnird $2. First, J. 8. Mclntire;
fcecoud, A. Beaton; third, Ed Ross.
Throwing 54}-pound weight— First prize, $6;
second, $4; third, $3. Judges— James T. Mc-
Donald. J. A. WcLeod, D. J. McFarlane. First,
T. Carroll; second, J. J. Cameron; third, J. A.
Cameron.
TWO DAYS' CRICKET MATCH
The Alameda and Golden Gate
Grounds Met at Alameda
Yesterday.
The long-looked-for two days' cricket
match between the Alameda and Golden
Gate grounds was commenced at Alameda
yesterday. The result so far is slightly in
favor of Alameda.
Captain Hague of the Alamedas won the
toss and elected jto bat, and he and Price
faced the bowling of the Bohemian star
trundlers, Robertson and Cookson. The
latter got Hogue with a beauty at : 17.
Then came G. Theobald, who was run out
for a "duck." Two wickets for 19. Mutch
ran up 22 in his wonted happy-go-lucky
style, and he being disposed of, Hood and
Meyers ran up the total to 125, the former,
with a somewhat lucky half century, mak
ing the stand 'of the day. Then "came a
fall, two ciphers and a single being regis
tered in quick succession, so that the total
attained was only 143 runs.
Robertson and Pollock made the first
stand for Golden . Gate. Robertson had
put up a careful fifteen, when he was
splendidly caught by Savior Mutch at
short mid-on, "Mutch subsequently dis
posing of Pollock also. Bowhili was
bowled by Peel for a single. West and
Martin made a good combination. The
latter was nicely caught while endeavor
ing to make his twelfth run and the former
is still in with Cookson. As the score* ■
show Alameda is 92 runs ahead on the
first innings, their opponents having lost
six wickets. The match will be concluded
to-day. ! The scores : ,
. . AI.AHKIJA*— FIBBT INNJJCS.
R. B. Hoglli. b. C001ci0a.. ;i.""..";..;;. ..'.../.... 14
F. 8. Price b. Rober son "" j,,
a. Theobald run out .....:... '•" _
G. A. Hutch !.b.w. b. Robertnon "" •>•>
E. Hood c. Bowhill n. C00k50n...... :.. .' 50
U. Wiseman b. Kobertsoo .««.». j
W. Meyers b. Robertson..;  ...' """"•• oa
G. B. Wise b. l'ollocic ** Z
H. C. Cassldy b. Bobertson..... '. ;*" n
J. J. B. Peel b. Uoo-rtsoo .'.' n
T. J. Tltdemann not 0ut..........; ',''"
Extras. . '.'.'.'.'.'. la
T0ta1............ ....... H£
■ BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Maidens. Huns. Wickets. No Balls.
Robertson.. 11l 6 40 6 (T
Cookson... lO'-J .. 3 so * O
P0110ck.... 94 1 31 1 1 •
We5t.... ....18 0 . 22 0 o •
Townsley.. 12 0 9 0 0
' goi.ij SATKK. .
W. Robertson a Mutch R. Caaidr .. . m
G. Pollock c. Mutch b. Pee 1.:.;...;..... "*"* {j
W. K. West iio out ..;........... . ,?
Dr. Tiiomas Bowtilll b. Pee L....... '-" ,
K. B. Martin c. Wise b. Lasidy.., ' 11
C. Townsley c. Hood b. Casidy.;.... "'""" .t
O. J. Thomas b. Pee 1...... ....!'.".".!.""" i
H. H. Cook 50 Q not out. .'...".. .' •••••••• *
W. Reeve* did not ba _......- .......... 4.
K. A. Smith did not bat............ . * «
J. B. Brooks did not bat..... „' X
.Leg bye............:........ .."..1..., l
'Total for six wicket 5...!.......' - 66
. - HOWLING ANALYSIS. .
„ ... ..BhIU. Maidens. Wickets. Rons.
. Casidy .'....;. 90 ,;-_:; 6-. 3 . on
J Pee L..............8* 4 3 26
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
FAVORING PUBLIC
IMPROVEMENTS
Leading Property-Owners
Wish to Bond the City
for Such Purposes.
SUGGESTIONS ON PAVING
A Feasible Plan Offered for the
Repaying of Market Street in
an Acceptable Manner.
BITUMEN LARGELY WANTED.
Foundations Should Be Laid With
Care— Bfue Trap Rock lor
Macadam iziDg.
The request made by the Superinten
dent of Streets for the amount desired by
him for the next fiscal year with which to
maintain his office has led to a vast
amount of talk iv. the City, resuscitating
tbe question of bonding the City and re
viving many of the topics which led to the
desire for a new charter on the part of a
large number of tbe taxpayers of ban
Francisco, who are favorable to the
project of improving the streets and public
parks. For potent reasons many look for
ward to the time when a board of public
works will be created under a new charter
and tbe City bonded iv such a manner
that the payments will not be either bur
densome or cumbersome to the property
owners.
A representative of The Call endeav
ored to obtain the consensus of opinion
regarding the repaying of accepted streets,
and strange to say those of the contractors
of the City who might appear to view the
subject from a selfish standpoint corre
spond with tuose of a majority of tbe tax
payers that were seen. Public opinion
was found to favor the improvement ol all
accepted streets where improvements are
needed, particularly on Market street,
where the basalt blocks are considered to
be extremely obnoxious as they now exist
there.
Tnere is, however, no definite idea as to
what is moat desirable for a pavement for
that thoroughfare. A lan:e numoer favor
the bituminous rock, while others fear
that it is not sufficiently strong to stand
the wear and tear of the heavy traffic to
which tje street is subjected. For that
reason the t eory is advanced that a com
bination of small basalt blocks, asphalt i
and bitumen, laid with care, wouid meet
all of the requirements anu prove durable
and inexpensive. Agaiu, it is contended
that bituminous rocli should not be laid
where there are streetcar tracks, while it
is generally conceded that such a pave
meut is the most elastic and if pro|>erly
laid where there is not tor. much heavy
trucking it will meet every requirement
that is demanded of it.
It is easily kept clean, does not accum
ulate much dust and dirt, a£factor very
much uesired here, owing to the hi«h
winds, and which, again, requires very
little sprinkling if the street-sweeping is
properly done. Too much sprinkling, it
is sai i, renders the streets where bitumen
is used extremely slippery, and it is,
furthermore, disastrous in iiot weather.
To sum up the entire matter, the opinion
is general among taxpayers and property
holders that the streets and boulevards
should be improved and such methods
adopted and paving done as will meet
with the necessities and demands of the
individual streets themselves and the
localities in which they «re situated.
An antipathy seems to be prevalent
against the use ol red rock in either
macadam or bitumen. One prominent
taxpayer, when seen on this subject,
*aiu: "When a committee of the Board of
Supervisors visited Oakland and Alameda
for the* purpose of determining wnat is
most desirable for San Francisco as re
cards the rock which shall form the foun
dation of the future pavements of Sin
Francisco they found in those two cities
the hardest and most even streets that
could be found in the State. The reason
tiiat was given for this condition of affairs
was that blue rock was used exclusively in
accordance with their ordinances."
Article I. All macadamizing shall be done
only with hard rock of igneous character
known as hard blue trap rock, or hard gray
trap rook, or basalt rock, end shall be such
rock only as shall come within the require
ments of either first-class rock or second-clash
rock, the requirements of which classes aru a.s
follows, to-wit:
First-class rock shall b« rock of igneous
character and lormation, trap or basalt of ir
regular cleavage, and such as shall not lose
by erosion an«l fracture, upon testing same in
the "rattler" belon(?in? to the city of Oak
land for purposes of it-sting rock, revolving at
the rule 'of not less than tweuty-eight revolu
tions per minute for three hours, more than
15 per cent of its original weight.
Second-class rock shall be trap or basalt
rock, such as shall not lose by erosion and
fracture upon testing the same in the said
"rattler," revolving at the rate of not less
than twenty-eight revolutions per minute for
three hours, more than 25 per cent of its orig
inal weight. '
"The committee then concluded to adopt
the rattler test and purchased a testing
machine, which is the invention of Pro
fessor Le Conte of the University of Cali
fornia, making the requirement for this
City only equal to that of the second-class
rock that is used across the bay. This
rock can be loaded in San Francisco at a
cost of about 90 cents a yard, which is
about half the cost of lhat used in the
cities that 1 named, and only about one
quarter oi a cent more than red rock
which 13 soft, and alter laying on the
streets fora short timecreates'a dust that
is almost intolerable where macadam is
used, to say nothing of the mud that it
creates during the winter season. This
nock does not even come in a pure stite as
the quarries in which it is found are inter
stratad with clay, all of wnich becomes
mixed together in the blasting and makes
a very undesirable combination, while the
blue-rocK quarries yield a rook that is hard
ana weighs ten pounds heavier to the
square foot than granite.
"At the time of the opening of the Mid
winter Fair it was feared tbat that event
would be delayed owing to the heavy mul
in the roadways tbat had been macadam
ized with red rock. The committee in'
charge finally for the purpose of facilitat
ing matters ordered them covered with
six inches of blu,- rock, with the result
tbat nowhere in the world can a better
driveway be found to-day than that which
was around the grand court of the Mid
winter Fair.
"San Francisco is especially fortunate in
having this formation of rock at its very
doors. Tuis can better be appreciated
when it is a kuown lact among engineers
that the Btattf Legislature of Massachu
setts appropriated a large sum of money
to be used in securing any trap rock for
mation that could be found in the State of
Massachusetts, so that it could be shipped
to different parts of the State and used as
a dressing over softer rock, which is the
only material they have as yet been able
to find for roads and street work, and
which is very unsatisfactory.
"The streets of San Francisco should be
improved, but care should be taken that
whatsoever may be decided upon, the
foundation shonld be properly laid."
FJynn «fe Treacy, the cotitructors, be
| lieve that tiiese improvements should be
made at once, as the cheapest and best
work in this line is being done in San
>rancisco at present. "Instance," said
Mr. FJynn, "the block that we recently
laid on Page street where the citizen
soldiery will drill. No such work is done
in Eastern cities for less than 60 cents a
square foot. We received but 22 cents.
\\ ork done as carefully as that was is
bound to last."
J.fl. Swift of the Pacific Paring Com
pany is of the opinion that streets ought
to be put in good shape and no patchwork
done. "There never will be another time,"
said he, "in the history of San Francisco
when work will be done as cheaply as it is
being done now, and the property-owners
ought to take advantage 01 it. In Eastern
cities the prices run from 45 to 65 cents a
square foot, here from 18 to 20 cents. The
California pavements are superior in every
respect and cost a great deal less for their
maintenance."
A Jaree number of members of the Cycle
Board of Trade, Merchants' Association
and Chamber of Commerce were seen. .AH
of them were unanimously in favor of
public improvements, most of them being
favorable tcward bituminous rock for pave
ments.
A LARGE CONTRACT.
The Union Paving and Contracting
Company are laying the bitumen pave
ment on Van Ness aveuue, from Union to
S/y streets, equivalent to seventeen
blocks. This is the largest single public
contract for bitumen pavement ever let in
San Francisco. Their bitumen plant is
the largest in operation in this City. Their
atone quarries are at Santa Rosa and An
nadel, Sonoma County, and their bitumen
mines in San Luis Obispo and Santa Cruz
counties.
PLENTY OF BLUE ROCK
That Paving Material Is No
Longer the Product of a
Monopoly.
Warren & Ma ley's Extensive Plant
Can Furnsh It in Large
Quantities.
"The talk about there being a monopoly
on blue rock that will stand the rattler
test for paving purposes is all nonsense."
This reply was given to a Call representa
tive by C. A. Warren of the firm of
Warren <fe Malley when asked to
give the views .of his firm on the
question of street and other city improve
ments. After taking The Call man
through the firm's quarry he said: "Blue
rock is the basis of the concrete which
forms the base of all bituminous rock
pavements as well as macadam.
"Now, I know of no better illustration of
the fact that it makes the best macadam
ized loads than out in San Mateo County,
just beyond the Six-mile House. The
county purchased 450 yards of blue rock
from our quarry to patch up the red rock
macadamized road. Where red rock has
been used tiere are several inches of mud
after a rain while with blue rock the mud is
scarcely perceptible.
"All accepted streets ou_'ht to be ren
dered comfortable and sightly and such
roadways made that the cost will not seri
ously discommode th-5 property-owners.
It is not reasonable to suppose that work
ing people can stand a tax equal to the
property-owners ol Market street.
"A united effort on the part of the people
to make San Francisco ahead of its sister
cities at the present time would meet with
excellent results, as nowhere in the world
is paving done as cheaply as in San Fran
cisco at present. Bond the city for the
necessary cost. It will pay in "the long
run. WorK done by fit* and starts is ex
tremely costly. . . , .
"1 am a firm believer in the efficacy of
blue rock. Alameaa has the cleanest
and best streets in California, all of
which are macadamized with blue rock.
There are several firms now engaged in
quarrying it. The great trouble is that
the State is interfering with the industry,
forcing a great many large and expensive
plants to compete with the prisoners at
Folsom.
"Warren A Malley have a fortune in
vested in San Mateo County, nine miles
from San Francisco, in a quarry, where
the system of handling the rock is most
complete, and they can land it in San
Francisco at the lowest possible price.
The price of labor, of course, is a great
factor. The plant in its entirety is larger
than that of any firm of contractors in the
United States. Everything that they use
is manufactured in California.
"We make all of our wagons, boxcars,
etc.; have our own blacksmith-shops, and
continuously employ from 300 to 500 men,
frequently requiring 150 to 200 teams, be
sides working fourteen portable engines.
"Our plant for quarrying blue rock is lo
cated in the San Bruno Mountains, to
which we built a narrow-gauge railroad
one and three-quarters miles in length.
At the approach to the wharf, which we
built at a large cost expressly for the
handling of our blue rock, we were obliged
to trestle about 700 feet. Four barges of
600 tons capacity each are required to carry
the rock to San Francisco.
"Two hundred and forty flatcars holding
six tons each are used in carrying the rock
from the quarry to the city. The cars are
loaded on the barges and dumped but
once. It will thus be seen that the cost of
handling has been reduced to a minimum.
With our present capacity we can deliver
6t-0 yards of crushed rock a day and 35.000
tons per month lor seawall purposes. The
supply is almost inexhaustible.
t 'Our machinery at the quarry is perfect
It} every detail, the rock being carried to
t\e bunkers, which have a 600-ton ca
ifacity, thence to the crusher, where it
i|>mes out for paving purposes. The
<2:u3her supplies an elevator belt on which
roe rock is carried upward sixty-two feet
fo a revolving screen, which throws off
overy particle of dust and dirt and then
iJumpsintoa flatcar. The cars go down
the railroad by gravity, but are returned
partway by horses and ■ the remainder of
Che distance by a cable. . . '
"It will require 350,000 tons of this rock
to build up the seawall ol the Fair estate.*
We have the contract for doing that
work, grading and tilling from Van Ness
. venue to Baker street on the one side and
Crom Lombard street to Lewis on the other.
r : "The cost of this improvement will be
About $1,000,000. We aido furnished the
tuck for the Alameda mole. Next week we
will begin to till up the Bay District race
'rack. This will cost about $450,000. In
all ot this, blue rock from our. quarry will
be used. This rock loses but lo>f per cent
iq the rattler test, which is very small.
We are satisfied that the supply will be
adequate to meet all of the , requirements
of every San Francisco County contractor."
• ♦ — ♦
PROPERTY OWNERS CO-OPERATE
Many New Members Added to the Mis
sion Defense Union.
There was no regular meeting ,of the
Mission Defense Union last night owing
to the fact that yesterday. waß a holiday.
The officers of the club, remained \at the
hall, corner of Twentieth and Guerrero
streets, to attend to those who have re
ceived a summons in the Noe suit. The
attorney of the union : is answering , the
complaints against the individual defend
ants who i belong to the - club,' to prevent
the suits from going Iby default. ; Quite a
number joined the club last night, and
during . the past weeK about : thirty , new
members have been added. •
The property-owners in the district af
fected by the present litigation are stand
ing together well, there "being already
nearly 700 members. •
On Saturday , next. June 6, a regular
meeting will be > held, ■at which = Joseph
Leggett will give an address, at the invita
tion of the club, on the subject of the
single tax. . :
« » •
Thomas slater has ; a message ior every man 011
pa«e2S. Don't (ail to read it. SSSffiSV- •
THE OLD BLOCKS
CAN BE USED
Thousands of Dollars Can
Be Saved for the Tax
payers of the City.
REPAVE MARKET STREET
So Says J. W. McDonald, the
President of the City Street
Improvement Company.
4
ALSO, SILUBIANISM IS DEAD.
San Francisco Is Approaching the
Dawn ot a New
Era.
One of the firms who are largely inter
ested in public improvements and are par
ticularly and directly concerned with the
subject of street pavements and the pioject
of beautifying the City with well-made
and well-kept streets and boulevards is
the City Street Improvement Company,
whose offices are on the nfth floor of the
Mills building.
Their bituminous rock mines, which
rank probably among the largest on the
eo.-iht, are in Santa Cruz County. They
occupy an area of about 500 acres, from
whicn there is an oatput of about 5000 tons
per month. They are also owners of ex
tensive bituminous-rock mines in Kings
County.
J. W. McDonald, president of the City
Street Improvement Company, when seen
by a representative of Thk Call said:
"The City of San Francisco is certainly
approaching the dawn of a new era in her
progress, if the immense amount of bouie
vard work now being done and being pro
jected can be taken as a sign. There are
several reasons for all these improvements
which are projected, the chief of which
can be found in the fact that silurianism
is dead. Nothing in the last decade has
accomplished so much for the City of San
Francisco as the work of the numerous
improvement clubs and societies for the
dissemination of facts of interest about
our coast and City. The movement started j
with the inception of the Midwinter Fair !
and has been steadily moving onward.
"One of the associations which have i
already accomplished much for me City is
the Merchants' Association, which lias '
roused public sentiment to such a pitch !
that the citizens generally have awakened
to the fact that street improvements are
necessary to uphold property valuations
and to give the City a metropolitan aj>
pearance. It is generally conceded that
pavements must be constructed upon sani
tary principles and according to the best '
rules of modern street-building. It has been
lound that no street answers all the re
quirements exacted by the wear of traffic
and the elements so successfully as our
celebrated bituminous rock pavements.
There are pavements m the East known
as asphalt pavements which are manufac
tured and have done much to improve and
beuutiiy municipalities there, but nowhere
in the world is there such an opportunity
lor cheap pavements of bituminous rock
of the v^ry best quality, as it is found in
greater quantities in this vicinity than
eltewhere, in places of easy access, and it
can be transported very cheaply,
"This movement for improved highways
means a great deal to San Francisco. We
have the making of the most beautiful
city in the world. It can be done economi
cally by doinj; at once, owing to the cheap
ness of labor and material at the present
day. We have a commanding location
and handsome buildings; all that is needed
is siglitly, well-paved streets and boule
vards. Tne money, I believe, can be raised
without increasing taxation to any mate
rial extent.
"Bituminous rock can be laid cheaperand
give better and more service and satisfac- I
tion to the taxpayers and proparty-ownera I
than any other pavement known. The !
cost of keeping it in repair being merely
nominal, our company is willing and does
guarantee all of its pavement.-* irom live
to ten years at a cost not to exceed one
quiirter of a cent per toot.
"I believe that Market street ought to be
repaved from the ferry to Lurkin street,
but, strange to say, 1 am not in favor of a
bituminous rock pavement for that street,
owing to the enormous traffic which will j
be always increasing, the strain of which '
bituminous rock cannot endure. In my j
opinion that street can be paved at a very i
reasonable figure with small basalt biocks '
not to exceed three inches wide, eight
inches long and six inches deep, made uni
lorm and laid on a concrete foundation;
the interstices filled with a preparation of
bitumen and asphalt poured in ot, which
will make it impervious to moisture and
utmost as noiseless as a bituminous pave
ment and quite as smooth. The material
now on the street can be largely used in
the construction of such a pavement,
thereby saving thousands of dollars to
the taxpayers.
"A pavement laid in such a manner we
would be willing to put up a bond to keep
in repair for tcp years for a very small
sum of money, in "fact, a very small per
centage in addition to the original cost.
"If this pavement is laid on Market
street in the manner J have suggested, the
blocks cut of even size, particular care
taken as to the depth and evenness of the
concrete base or foundation, which must
be covered with about an inch of sand so
as to insure the whole being even, then
will the property-owners of that thorough
fare enjoy a pavement that wiil meet their
every requirement and which will not re
quire repairing at short intervals. It will
stand tbe test of the elements and the
heavy traffic, and in the long run will
prove itself to be the cheapest as well as
the best.
"There is one important factor of which I
would like to speak. Bituminized streets
-hould be swept clean, so as to avoid the
dust, and they should be sprinkled as
liuhtly as possible if at all. Thorough
sweeping will remove all possibilities of
dufet, and if any sprinkling is done it
s'.oiiLi be at a time when the
travel is light and never in the heat of the
day, for water added to a bituminous-rock
pavement not only makes it slippery for
horses, but it has a tendency to soften" and
melt it, particularly in warm weather.
There is nothing more disastrous to a
bit uminized pavement than a pool of water
where the sun will shine on it on a very
warm day.
"1 am particularly in favor of using every
mean? possible — that is to say within the
bounds of reason — to beautify our City.
Tne public parks and places of recrea
tion for those in the poorer walks
of life should not be slighted.
A vast amount of attention is being given
to them, but if th-i improvements were
made now so t hat the future expense would
be light I think that a grand work will
have Deen consummated."
Stabbed In the Back.
At an early hoar yesterday morning there
was a drunken row in a saloon on Battery and
Pacific streets wLich resulted in the arrest of
D. Romeo, tha owner of the saloon. Romeo
was cut and beaten about the head and taca
and John Dener, a sailor who was drunk in the
place, was stabbed in the bade, but not seri
ously. No one would tell the cause of the
troubla.
SEW",TO«DAT. . " '----^v-jvr^-L-ij-L-! r.r xj
THIS CELEBRATED PHYSICIAN, whose offices are located
at 737 Market street, is thoroughly devoted to his profession
* and 'is ever ready to help the unfortunate. He is a graduate
of the leading colleges of America and a self-made man in
the school of experience. Always on the alert to discover new
remedies and new methods for treating diseases, he has accom-
plished that which few physicians ever attain. His study and
experience have not been confined to one branch of the healing
art, but cover tho whole field of medicine and disease.
WONDERFUL SUCCESS
.-- . .
Has crowned his efforts in the treatment of all chronic and
I special diseases of men and women.
Carefully read the following, as it contains golden words of
1 advice from the world's greatest specialist :
FGloryof Man is His Strength
Strong and Vigorous Generative and
Sexual Organs Make Healthy,
Light-Hearted, Vivacious,
Bright-Eyed Social
As Well As Business Men and Women.
Those Organs s^Jm^iVoM^^ v^^
'— i which human flesh is heir to.
Dnrtnr 'SwPAIIU ?■,", by v , e , ai ?, of experience and unceasing, toil in the
BJ»O<UiOr OWedliy fields of Medical Science discovered new method" and
„-„__ _, TT . . .v *•■ new remedies for th« treatment of such diseases, which
NEVER FAIL to produce the most gratifying results. ' WUIC »
Young, Middle-Aged and Old Men,
j If yon are victims of youthful Indiscretions and unnatural losses; if you are on th« road in
| idiocy, insanity and the grave: if gloom and melancholy, hallucinations,^morbid fear anS
I unnatural lust pervade your mind; if you are despondent and downhearted ; if you have loit
all energy and ambition; if you have an aversion to society; if your memory if failinz and vm!
i are unfit for business or study,.come at once, before it is too late, to DOCTOR SWFjnv
' and he will quickly, safely nnd permanently cure you. The strictest secrecy observed in cases
i of this character, so cast aside all feelings of shame to consult the DOCTOR. Get well and I*
Wrecked Manhood and Wrecked Womanhood.
There are thousands and tens of thousands unhappy homes in onr land to-day wh«ri +>
cause can be directly trace'! to the loss or partial loss o! sexual power in either the m*nS
wife. Many of those so afflicted believe their condition to be a process of nature wh*rl?h?« m
I be endured when in fact it is a disease and CAN BE CURED. But it is a lamentable faot Iw
I the majority of those who are in this deplorable condition, through false pride and lh ™
modesty, neglect and allow the disease to run on until the result is total impotencv a b1l«h?-3
home, and in many cases, desertion or separation. To such unfortunates I will siraulv say thtJ
i h K,Tw a /7 atl 2 e 1 , t for 2"* diseases which has never in one instance failed tore tii.LSS*
debilitated and diseased organs to their natural conditions and to their full power an ,V\®il '
Private Diseases, Gleet, Stricture, and that most loathsome disease Blood Poison r u»
curse of humanity, thoroughly and forever cured. M»a*e. mooa foison, tha
•
ALL CHRONIC DISEASES.
Pvo All cases of acute or chronic inflammation, far or nean sightednnu; i)im ni ».i
tye. vision scrofulous eye, closing of the eye duct, squinting. crosEwSP wIM hSZ*
* syphilitic sore eyes, granulated lids, tumor, cancer of the lids, eta nilr*.
Cam Deafness from catarrh, singing or roaring noises, thickened drum inflammation «#
C 3 ft external ear, purulent discha>ging from ear, etc «*-um, mnammation of
LjAn#l Neuralgia, sick, nervous or congestive headache, dull, full feeling lon ef
neaQi memory, dminess. softening of the brain, tumors and eczema of the scalp?
Thm a ♦ Catarrhal and syphilitic sore throat, acute and chronic pharyngitis, enlarred
I nrOali tonsils and palate, hoarseness, loss of voice, thick phlegm in throat, caning
hawking. ■
I lin CrC Consumption in the first and second stages, hemorrhages and chronic bron.
UUIIgOi chitis, dry and loose coughs, pains in chest, difficulty la breathing hep*u«*.
*■-* : tlons, asthma, etc. • vif.***-
Heart lva J ar , diseases, weak and fatty heart, dropsy and rheumatism of heart
■ I VrOi !• languid circulation, etc. N
Si tn m$l r» h Catarrh, ulceratlon and acid dyspepsia, indigestion, pain and f ullnen
w lUII lauii! after eating, heartburn, waterbrash and difficulty in swallowing.
Kii*ln#»VC Inflammation, of the kidneys, Bright's disease, diabetes, congestion of
IMUllvyai the kidneys, uraemia, gravel, stone, all scientifically and successfully
-"-'.'" m ■ treated. ;:;-:: *
RlfftHriOkl* . »tion,cystitus,cysterrhea, catarrh of the bladder. The distress-
■* ICHIUCIi . ing diseases invariably yield to my system of treatment. • -
I IVOr ' AU J d J? e 2^ es of tbe liver, spleen, bowels (constipation, chronic diarrhoea), kidney
»■ "vli and bladder, all nervous and reflex disorders, rheumatism and all skin diseases
<«« . v eczema, salt rheum, ringworm, hip-joint disease, old sores, fever sores, stiff
joints, hare Up, spinal irritation, nervous prostration, rupture, piles, fistula, rectal ulcers,
which produce pain in small of back. uicers,
I? lint 1 1 11 ,* 55 ., fistula, varicocele, hydrocele and all swelling and tendernesi
l\UpiurCi quickly cured without pain or detention from business. -.
H*»s* **f* Rro I** r%v**4 BVI AviiAo lf yon have, a dizziness of th«
Heart, Brain and Nerves. head, pnlpitation of the hear*
. feeling fullness of the head, a tired, discontented feeling. fear' of 'Imperiling danee^o^dol'th*
a dread of being alone or the reverse, you are suffering from a serious disease of the nVr™>.
brain and heart. You have no time to lose. Call at once and consult the old Doctor. " crve *»
WnmAn Jf , you are suffering from any of the diseases peculiar to your sex. such aa
■ w vlllvlli laiiint? or displacement of the womb, leucorrhea, suppressed or painful
• - :-': -' ? menstruation, inflammation- or ulceration, bloating, headaches, *r,in«i
weakness or any disease of the genito-urinary organs, call or write to him. He will bnilS n»
.Et'y^^ aDd briUg bBCk t0 yy ° U th " heaUh ' 'trength^S
You Can Be Cured at Home.
If the Kick who live at a distance and are unable to call will write a full description of thai*
case it will be given his careful consideration and advice will be given them free of coat,
F. L. SWEANY.M. D.,
737 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Offlce Hours-9 to 1* A. 31. and 3 to 5 and 7 to BP. M. • Sundayo-10 to 1 a A. M onlyRACES LARGELY ATTENDED
Four Favorites at Ingleside Won
and the Big Crowd Beat
the Bookies.
ALL OVER TOOK THE HANDICAP
Colonel Weightman Captured the Rich
UUman Stake— Trappean a ioo to
i Shot Made a Great Run.
Some rare good sport was afforded the
5000 people vrho attended the races at
Ingleside track yesterday. Seven well
filled events were decided, and all were
hotly contested. The fair sex were most
liberally represented in the grand stand,
and in the betting ring, where the eterner I
sex held full sway, standing room was at
a premium. The bookmakers all received
a heavy play, and the lon^ lines back of
the stands after many of the races were
testamentary to the fact that the talent
was fairly successful in picking the win
ning horses.
Horses that were liberally backed in the
ring fully justified the support accorded
them, as of seven favorites sent into
Starter Harvey's hands, four were returned
winners. Trappean, at one time a 100 to 1
shot in the betting, made a sensational
run in the second race, being beaten but a
scant head in a hard drive by the favorite.
Daylight. Joe Piggott piloted three of the
winners to the wire.
There were but four starters in the rich
UUman handicap hurdle event over two
miles, with obstacles to clear, with a
guaranteed value to the winner of $1500.
This fact was undoubtedly due to the very
poor apportionment of weights and the
absence from the State of many of the
original entries. The race did not come
off just as carded by the members of the
Brotherhood of Steeplechasers, as the ;
judges nipped the little bud just as it was
about to Dloom. Colonel Weightman,
carrying 138 pounds, was a prime favorite,
closing in the betting at even money.
Bellringer, wiih 1(35 pounds up, at twos,
was next in demand, with a good play on
Silverado at a couple of points higher, j
The Lark was not much fancied, and fell |
at the jump near the far turn.
Just as the horses were issuing from the j
paddock, the judges received intimation
that Clancy on Colonel Weightman was !
foing to allow Bellringer to win, and
iartinns was substituted in his stead on
the back of the favorite. Strange enough,
with a less competent rider in the saddle, j
the even money chalked against the
first choice was rubbed to 4to 5. Bell- j
ringer made most of the running up to
the bend for tne wire the Becond time,
where the favorite began closing on him, j
and gradually assuming the lead won j
easily at the finish. Silverado made a j
came struggle for the place, finishing
lapped on Bellringer as tne wire was
passed.
Eight two-year-olds started in the
opening four-furlong sprint. The Ben Ali
filly Grandezia went to the post a warm
8 to 5 choice, but made a poor showing,
being unplaced at the end. The 2\i to 1 j
second choice Santa Paula was away in
the lead, and showed in front to the pad- :
dock, when Destra drew ahead and won j
handily by a length in 50 seconds fiat.
The winner was 10 to 1 in the betting.
Through Piggott' s pood riding ttie Bto 5
favorite Daj'iignt finally won the second
< vent at a mile by a very narrow margin.
< iett;ng away none too well, the first caoice
threaded hi.s way through tne bunch, and
hooking up the last furlong with the 100 to
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Eighty-seventh day. Saturday, May 31, i 896. Weather fine.
Track Good.
1 shot Trappean, who had shown promi
nently in the front rank throughout the
running, finally beat the outsider out a
head on the wire. Leonville, a2oto 1 out
sider, was a good third.
Frank Phillips' mare Candor, third
choice in the betting, finished ahead of the
first choices in the third event, a five and
a half-furlong scramble. Miss Gentry and
Daisy A both opened at 2 to 1 in the ring,
but the bulk of coin went in on the former
mare and she closed at 7 to 5, with threes
offered against Daisy A. The latter passed
tbe first choice soon after the barrier was
raised and making all of the running led
until within fifty yards of tne wire, where
Candor coming on from fourth position
drew away and headed the Little Alp mare
out a length at the wire.
The enigmatical performer, All Over,
gave the crowd a hard shock over the
result of the seven-furlong handicap. The
bulk of the money went into the books on
Cabrillo, cutting his odds from 8 to 5 down
to evens. Olive and Nebuchadnezzar were
well supported at fairly good prices.
After a slight delay" at the post caused
by the antics of All Over and Duke Stevens,
the field was sent away in tine order.
Nebuchadnezzar with the favorite at his
side made ah of the running, and the issue
looked to be between them until within
a furlong from the wire. At this point
All Over came fast on the outside, and
| under hard urging forged to the front and
won by half a length from the first choice
in 1:28%, an excellent run. Nebuchad
nezzar tired the last part, but finished a
good third. The winning horse was 7to 1
in the betting.
Tbe sixth race over a mile resulted in
another wia for the good mare All Smoke.
She closed a slight favorite in the betting
over Don Caesar, the prevailing odds
around post time being 3 to 1. Circe,
Warrago and May Day alternated in the
lead to the stretch, where All Smoke took
command and in a drive passed the wire a
nose before the second choice in 1:43J4.
Articus took show honors in a drive from
Little Cripple. .
Chartreuse 11, the grand little chestnut,
daughter of imp. Cheviot, defeated a band
of fast sprinters, among which were
Toano, Peixotto and Bellicoso, in the final
race of the day, a live and a half furlong
spin, with ridiculous* ease. Opening at 8
to 5, the mare was backed down to 11 to 10,
while the odds on nearly all of the others
receded a point or so in the bet tine. The
favorite rounded the bend for home last of
her field, but ran around them and won
easily in l:08H by tnree lengths. In a
drive Toano headed out Peixotto for the
place, after the latter had mado most of
I the running and shown himself to be an
exceptionally fast sprinter.
The betting was so good at Ingleside
that several of the bookmakers ran out of
tickets. Some bookmakers say they have
not handled so many bets this season.
RACING IN A NOBLE CAUSE
Wednesday Next Will Be Known as
"St. Louis Day" at Ingleside.
There will be racing at Ingleside track
on Wednesday next for a worthy cause.
At a meeting held yesterday of the di
rectors of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club it
was decided to donate the entire receipts
taKen in on that date to the sufferers l>y
the death-dealing tornado in St. Lous.
All badge- nolde.-3 will be expected to
purchase a ticket at the gate. Owners of
winning horses will give half of the purses
won, tne jockey club will donate the re
ceipts of all the privileges, as well as the
money taken in at the gate, and the track
employes will give a day's salary to swell
the big fund.
Formerly Wednesday has been known
a? "ladies' day," but for this special oc
casion it will be "St. Louis day.
The fair sex nave been the recipients of
much courtesy and many favors in the
rom the new racing "association, and
the management hope to see as crowded a
grandstand on this special occasion as
when the gate was free, in aid of the home
less and wounded of the distressed Eastern
city.
A grand programme of running events
will be arranged.
For the Chilrirfm.
k special ward et- tie Children's Hospital,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, MAY 31, 189(5.
known as the "Little Jim Ward," haa been
completed ana will be opened on Friday next.
To celebrate the occasion a reception will be
held at the hospital between the hours of 2
and SP. m. and from 8 till 10 p. m. Many ap
plications for admission have already been re
ceived and considered, and the patients will
be taken in immediately after the public has
had this opportunity of inspecting the institu
tion winch has been provided by its generos
ity. The Pacific Heights School children have
furnished ami endowed a bed in the new ward
and many others have been provided by indil
viduals, by schools and by societies. The
Children's HosDital has always been favored
but the expenses arc; enormous, as no child ia
ever refused admission.
DON'T WANT BITUMEN.
The Draymen's Union Will Insist on
Getting a Suitable Pavement
for Market Street.
At a meeting of the Draymen and
Teamsters' Union held last night at B'nai
B'rith Hall the question of paving Market
street was fully discussed by the members,
and without a dissenting voice all were
opposed to the use of bitumen.
President T. B. Brown and Secretary
J. B. Niderost stated that an invitation
had been sent to Supervisor A. B.
Spreckels and ihe managers of the Wil
liams Block Pavement Company to be
present and discuss what to them would
be the best and most enduring pavement
for that street.
But as they had not put in an appear
ance nothing definite was done other than
to discourage and oppose the use of
bitumen.
PATRIOTIC TABLEAUX.
An ImmoiisK Crowd Pans Through the
Turnstiles at Sutro's ISathg.
Between 12,000 and 15,000 people
passed through the turnstiles at.Sutro
Baths yesterday afternoon. Tne pro
gramme was a very interesting one, con
sisting of tableaux commemorative of en
gagements in the American wars. Tbe
tableaux were as follows: "Surrender of
Vera Cruz," "Battle of Big Tree," "Sur
render of Lee," "Crowning the Victors,"
"Heroes of War" and "Angels of Peace."
The musical programme the follow
ing:
March, 'The Conqueror" (Missud); overture,
"Schone Galatea" (Sur-pe); gavotte, "Sim
plicity" (Volker) ; operatic solection. "Lucia"
(PonUetti); solo, trombone (Faure); medley,
•'The Liitest," arranged by Cassassa on popular
6onKsofthe day; solo for cornet Yßelutedt);
scene and aria "I Masnartieri" (Verdi); waltz,
"Impassionm Dretms" (Rosas); galop,
"Ihroujjh the Purl" (lirooke).
There was aiso fancy and high diving
and fancy swimming by the Baa Francisco
Swimming Olub.
•—• — * — •
Austria is the country most lenient to
murderers. In the ten "years ending in
1579 there were 810 criminals found guilty
of murder, of whom only twenty-three
were put to death.
NEW TO-DAY.
Don't Be
Fat
And Sick
This Summer!
Tou Can Get Thinner and More Comely
and Cure Tour Chronic Diseases if
To u Use Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills,
Salt and Bands— Only Obesity Reme-
dies Admitted at the World's Fair.
rpHE PORTRAIT ABOVE IS THAT OF MRS.
■•- Louise Montgomery Say re, Raneau. street, San
Francisco, who writes: 'I m long a sufferer
from obesity and weakness peculiar to women and
common to fleshy women. A frleud recommended
Dr. Edison's Obesity fills and Salt. I took them,
with the result [but in seven weeks I was reduced
from 161 to 124, my old weight, and cured radi-
cally and permanently of the trouble mentioned."
Mm. Honoria Jameson Trent., Mount Veruon
avenue, writes: "Four weeks' use of Dr. Edison's
Obesity Pills and Salt cured me of dyspepsia and
liver trouble, and relieved me of v; 9 ]>ounis of bur-
densome flesh, greatly to the Improvement of my
torn."
Writing from Oakland,- Rev. Reth Blsbee says:
"Seven weeks' use of Dr. Edison's Obes:ty Band
reduced my abdominal measurement six inches."
Dr. Edison's Obesity and Supporting
Band.
NO "SAP.SAPARILLAS," "NERVINES,"
"TONICS" OR OTHER SPRING OR SUMMER
MEDIUMS NKCEBSARY WHKN THESE
REMEDIES ARE USED. They cure chronic
diseases of tne heart, liver, kidneys and stomach
ami TAKE THE PLACE OF ALL FEMALE
REMEDIES AND REGULATORS.
Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills, Salt and Bands
quickly and Rarely give you good form and health.
No Rigid Dieting. No Purgirrg. No Inconveni-
ence. No Danger. No. Loss of Time. Perfectly
Harmless. Obesity Fruit Salt, $1 a bottle; Obesity
Pills, $1 50 a boil Obesity Bands, $2 50 and up.
Measure as In'llc»te<! by figures on cut. .. • •*.-.,■'<
'•How to. Cure Obesity" sent free to any address
on application. : Good rending for fat folks. Loring
A: Co.'s CHICAGO MEDICAL DEPARTMENT
will advise you' about you obesity or* any other
disease without charge.
GENERAL AGENTS:
OWL DRUG CO.,
i San Francisco and Los Angeles,
Lorine A Co., Proprietors, Dept. 39, No. 115 State
... . street, Chicago.
MENACES
Qalckly.Thoronchly
Jr tfit Forever Cared. .
f ' rfV^irN. Four out of five who
m *i?YvJ fc -\ !\L suffer nervousness,
® Quickly, Thoroughly,
Forerer Cared.
Four out of five who
suffer nervousness,
mental worry, attacks j
of "the blues," arc but }
\ i^^fj^^wVi Jl paying the penalty of i
. VY a H4^W early excesses. Vic-
tims, reclaim your
manhood, regain your .
vigor. Don't despair. Send for book with
explanation and proof?. Mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sore
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflamma-
tions. 60c per bottle, bold by i>ruggisl«
" " ' " . ; : ; — ' —— -^M
TIE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
AJ - being one of the woxdeks of the would, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Call-,
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS »1O TO 915 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. nil way.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County. Ual.
PACIFIC (MGIIESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
KESOKT IN CALIFORNIA.
lOCATKD IN A CANYON OF THK SANTA
.1 -4 Cruz Mountains, convenient to «an Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about IUUU feet above
sea level. No fo*. no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms, ,
with a. frontage of 450 feet south. .';"
Large .Double Room*, 'with Private !
Bathrooms. . ■ . ,
PURE SPRING -or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATER of the alkocbaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, tout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and' recom-
mended by all loading physicians.
HOTKL. COTTAGEB, NEW NATATORIUM.
. ALL modern improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone anil telegraph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to 515 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco, via 8. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. PFETCH, Saratoga, Cal.
/—/ — hjT~\ ™ Beautiful
iriiili HOTEL
ISiINENDOSIE
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted Inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, ■ service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and I
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
V?^ The Hotel
Metropole
Jili<r4l|:J[sJ3i| Corner 13th
S*^Sj^g^{ Jefferson Sts
>a gißgßgill||^ Oakland, Cal
IS ONLY MINUTES FROM SAN FRAN-
cisco. A superb climate. No winds or fogs.
Unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments.
Oakland has the best roads In the State for
wheeling.
Families desiring to leave the city without Id-
convenience to business should
Write for special summer rstra and illustrated
pamphlet. RICHARD U. BRIARS, Proprietor.
nn n a I g\ 0% hot sprincs.
pARA j v 1 1 c - rh-
: health, rest, pleas-
ore, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
I'nralno stands unsurpassed in tin? t~tate. Plenty
j enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a k.
i daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket. *8. Seven
j miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. For
. illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager. *
I MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain 'Spa!
' Have Yon Been Ther~k Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean. Held and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postottice
j Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
I swings and hammocks. New improvements every
1 year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER. SWIM-
MING TANK. An ideal "summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight: husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
GO TO DIMS SPRINGS,
rpWO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNDOCINO
J- County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 2so
feet above the valley; fine view. ■ Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free bus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms. 910 per week.
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofflce.- •■ ■ .-.;- - '
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
• HKK COUNTY.
• POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 10; special
conveyance dally. For inforn nt lon address JOHN I
hPAUJLUINO, Seigier Springs, Lake Count/, Cat. .
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, OAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like line bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stasra
route Into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From san Francisco It costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are «1 60 to 82 50
per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the S. *".
and N. P. Hallway via Pleta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CKAIG, Manager.
San Francisco omce. 316 Montgomery at.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
: SANTA CRU?, Cal.,
Now under the ' proprietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all. these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress . . J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach. Hotel.
"Absolutely the finest fishing in the West."—
Forest and Stream. ■•," ■ '• .
LAKE TAHOE.
TALLAC" HOUSE.
THE SUMMER RKSORT OF CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open' this season. Hotel
and grounds lighted by electric lights. All modern
Improvements. Kates $15 to $21 per week. -
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1.
RATES $10 TO $14 PER WEEK.
Great reductions in fare to'tnllno this season
Tin- steamer '• Tallac " carries its patrons free of
charge to and from all points on Lake Tahoe.
Hound trip ticket trom San Francisco, Oakland.
Pan Jose, Lathropand Stockton, sl6: Sacramento.
$13 5(»: Santa Barbara and Los Aneeles, $38 50.
Buy.- ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving
%'i on trip.
M. LAWRENCE & CO., promietors.
Send for illustrated circular.
For route and further information Inquire of
Southern Pacific Company's ticket office.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
• Under tU© Old Management - .
ON.' AUSTIN CP.EEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. 1". C. 11. R., via Sausallto ferry.
Train leave-* at l:4i. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to $14 per week; Klim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week : tents, $3 to $5. per week, bend for cir-
cular.
O. F. BURNS, Proprietor, •
, .. Cazadero, Oal.
CA3IP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Rert rand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
1 HIRST - CLASS . ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
' lichtfnl climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and.lawn tennis: line trout fishing, bath-
ins and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postofllce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTOK W. KB A ÜBS, Manager.
JO* I. BEKTRAXD, Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays. 2 to 4 p. it
WHEN lIKJAH
VISITING UIVIAII
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. 11. FOKSK & SON'S, PUOFKIKTORS.
THISISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
-1 • hotel in Uklab, and it is headquarter* for
tourists.
stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
SUMMER BOARD NEAR GILROY.
A PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT: ELE-
gant climate, fishing, hunting «nd scenery.
Low price.
Terms of W. T. TEOMBtY, Gllroy.
MOUNTAIN SPRING FARM
WILL BE OP«£N* FOR BOARDERS JUNE J.
IT Write for particulars WM. J. KOSS, proprie-
tor, Oakvllle, Napa County, Cal.
SPEND YOUR VACATION AT
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine spring water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and
h6me comforts. Particulars apply MRS. V. BTU-
BKNRAUSCH, box 159, Napa, Cal.
SUMMER BOARD AT BUUMME.
Redington Place "A A\ild Rest Cure."
Address... ............ .....IRA G. HOITT.
.. - Hoi tt's School reopens August 4. . ■ :■■ -
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWIOK. MSKIVOU COUNTY. . CAL, A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS.. Proprietors. '..
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hunting and fishing where game of all kinds is
plentiful, take the a F. and N. P. R. R. to Ukiah,
Berry hill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to UuUviUe. P. O. address, llullvUle, Lake Co. CaL
21/ hen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
J Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the Cj{jCjC.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS!
A Place "Where the. Invalid Can Surely
.Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May Kegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
JSr.st , Refreshment ana Kelaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat. ' Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in Garments
' ; >;.< - of Matchless Glory, • ■ '
Where the Ogre Malaria Never T-Ifta His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain. .
TAKE 8:16 A. M. OK 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
X Third and Townsend streets, 3% hours from
San Francisco. Fare, 87 15 for round trip.
it's" Stau'fj connects with train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
SANTA CATALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
T7NEXCELI.ED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excursions, tally-bo staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Aletropoie now open. Island Villa In July.
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to •
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
'iTZ South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
JOHANNISBERG
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron Springs, lAkes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly 1200 feet. Beat
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every ..Wednesday and Saturday from Napa.
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your encasements befflre-
hand. For particulars address WALTER METZ,
Napa City, Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from Santa Rosa.
ITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
» ' bor; the place where you feel at home. Table
first ciass. Croquet. Billiards, Shuffle-board,
swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
ing and Hunting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
Special rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, %'i 75. Baths free to quests.
. FRESE & JUERGENSEN.
f|T7 I fl fl HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V ¥ h I'l ' V bounty, only 4V> hours from
\ j\ II ItiT \ San I''rancl3co; but 9 miles
II |\ rl I J II II statin?: new road through
***** xv * ** ** canyon; nowataees: sanitary
robin: : natural temperature of water 130° Fahr
of wonderful curative properties ; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquito* and other annoying
"Insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:80
■a. v. or S:3O p. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH, REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; Vjj-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars.
■
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
is most Dlcturesque. Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000.0
trillions. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A tine bar has jus:
been opened. I The table Is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pleta and Highland Springs,
Adams, Seller, Blue Lakes and Saratoga.. Fare
from San Francisco. $5 50; round trip, 910. Spe-
cial rates for families. 0. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay, Keisey ville, Lake County, Cat .
MOUNTAIN HOWE.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountain*. -\ ?
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. -Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed, Send for souve-
nir. Stage at Mad rone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCELET, Llasras. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 ililes from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT "FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTriUNGEK. Seavlew, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE & CO,, 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
INVERNESS.
TNVERNESS, MARIN COUNTY— CAMPING
■L privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated
on an Inland bay; good beach: salt-water battling;
water 15 degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives; shooting and fish-
Ing: within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North
Pacific Coast Railroad. Stages meet trains. Apply
11 to 2 daily, 331 Montgomery street, room 61.
ASTON SPRIXG JISERAL WATER.
rpHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
1 cures most any disease of if ng standing: cured
hundreds; recommended, by thous nds in four
months in this city: no agents. : A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water.
GLENBROOK*
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RE-
1 sorts in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
fishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformation address ■O.W. U. TRKIiWAY,
' Proprietor, Olenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
URIAH STABLES AND STAGE COBPASY,
\\f H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR, GOOD TURK-
" • outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage nice a all
trains. Daily stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. ■ ■ '
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
resort in Stale: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
910 per week and upward: table unexcelled: hard-
onlshed rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal. ■
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
. -.;,. Broadgauge Depot, • .•
JS.A.:r>ar nAPAELi.
: Summer Resort for Families.
Bates «6 to $10. » v A. BERG, Manager,
Easier Now
On account of the new stage arrangements to set
to and from
/ETNA SPRINGS.
Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena; stage leaves there at 10 a. m., stopping at
AnKwlns for lunch, but no long waits as In the
past. Returning, the stage leaves the Springs at
10 a. m. — no getting ud at 6a. m. Unlimited round-
trip tickets, $7. Rates, $10 to $14 a week. For
further information tall at 318 Battery st., San
Francisco, or address W. .L. MITCHELL, manager,
Lidell P. 0., Napa County, Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
L. B. Frasier, Manager,
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, purest
air, colaeat water, good shooting; fine trout fish-
Ing near by; regular mall; table supplied with the
best in the market; vegetables from onr own gar-
den; good home cooking and home comforts: ac-
commodation from 20 to 30; season opens June 1.
Distance and fares— round-trip ticket, $12
(unlimited), at office of S. F. and N. P. Railroad.
Rail to Uklah, thence by Berry hills popular stage
line via Potter Valley to Sanhedrin. Room and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 per
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) $1 per day. No
other charges. For further particulars address L.
B. FRaSIER, Sanhedrin, or LADD'B GUN-
STORE, 9 Third St.. San Francisco. . "
THE JORDAS HOUSE, SAX RAFAEL, CAL
First-Class family Boarding- House.
MRS. J. V.'. JORDAN, Proprietress.
Beautiful "View. Sixth Street,
Fine Grounds. . . Head of B.
HOTEL GLENWOOD,
SANTA CLARA, CAL. .
A PLACE TO SPEND YOUR VACATION IN.
A Quiet, restful and homelike. Good rooms and
board. Terms reasonable. For rates address
MRS. L. MASON. Santa Clara.
EL BONITO HOTEL
NOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOX TEH
season; salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating: redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. G. W. MORGAN,
' Duncans Mills, Sonoma Ca.CaL
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
1 Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets
morning train: terms tH up. Address JOSEPH
LINDSEY, «.-.len\vood, Cal. . •
WHITE OAK FARM,
VTEAR CLOVERDALE— SPECIAL ATTEN-
JL> tion given to table; terms 97 per week. For
particulars address W. H. HI ATT, Cloverdale, Oal
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
ACTIVE LOCATION: PLEASANT
A rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particulars
and terms address box 85, Sebastopol, Sonoma Co.
OAUSALITO— A BARGAIN; DOUBLE HOUSE
O of 6 rooms: bath each. THOMAS PENLINO-
TON, 405 Montgomery St., room 6.
W ANTED — PARTY OF 4 FOR SUMMER
»» outing; ' finest of trout-fishing and deer-hunt-
ing: country wild enough for most exacting: no
objection to 2 ladies. Address box 148, Medford,
Oregon. • '
\ T AUREL DELL HOTEL. ON LAUREL DELL
■Li Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers: boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms .
$8 to $12 per week; route s. T. and N. P. Railway;
hrougti fare $&: round trip ♦& M). Address H.
W AMBOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lure County ,CaL
TTOTEL DXL MAR-ON Tl •: SEASHORE; 20
[I minutes' ride from Sunti. Crux; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled; surf bathing; sailing, row-
Ing;, fishing: buses meet all trains; children, $2*
to $5 per week; adults. $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MaXAUF.K
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F. .
HOTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
genuine pleasure than La Honda, 17 miles from
Redwood City, remarkable forclimate, fishing and
hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
fo.- the round trip via H. P. K. R. and Knight's
stage line, «4. MRS. I. J. .SEARS, La Honda, Cal.
Riverside RANCH— ON the ranks op
jX Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW'
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. ■ good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
T~~BKLMONt, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
■i\. board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes t'roa
station; 1 hour city. MRS. HANSKN.BeImont
CHILDREN BOABDRD AND WELL-CARED
V for during summer vacation on Pfelster ranch,
25 miles from city: plenty of milk and fruit;
rates reasonable. Address X., box 64. this office.
ONUWOODS, .IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Col.
ROOKsTdE~FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE;
1> plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit: good
accommodations. Address Brookside, Napa.
OARD ON A RANCH 2000 FEiST ELEVA-
tion; good rooms and first-class board; term*
f 6 per week. Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County.
?YYPRESS~LaWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
\J ble: home comforts. T. H. EP Ji!Y. Napa. Cal...
UFO JR., -r\.
Chinese Tea and Herb L»*= 3
Sanitorinm, BMy &? . «
No. 727 Washington St, \j£ 3
Ban Francisco, Cal. A "3- S
Cor. Brennam Pla:o, abort v* ■ A
»*• plaza,
Office Hours: 9to 13, <— *"^ m fju^\
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun-
day, 9 A. M. to 18 M.
Li Po Tal Jr., son of the famous LI p J .
Tal, Has taken His father's business, 1
and Is, after eleven year a" study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
II vl These tiny Capsules are supenoii
IJ\l to Balsam of Copaiba,
I^l CubebsorlnjectionsandfiWDfH
IgJ CURE IN 48 t HOURS\^
WrJ the 6ame diseases v/ithoirtl
inconvenience.
~HI^ Sold by all druggists. j
- ....■■. . ■.■.... - ... - .
-♦VffßßlStftAi-* tf Big Git a non -poisonous
<^4990' p !rT^Qtofl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
r CCKEs^W Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
<B&ajr ia 1 to s d»j». xg Whites, unnatural dia-
«%rS/ Ooannteed V charges, or any inflamma-
■••■not to atrietnre. ™* tion. irritation or ulcera-
g~3rrtTeau contagion. tion of mucous mem-
f»c y HEEYANS ChemioiCo. braves. Non-astringent.
IM^CINCINNATI.O M I Sold by DruKsrlstc
Xesctw B.li Vor sent in plain wrapper, ••
aV^^ l^Srim by express, prepaid, fur
<SnraisfSß 11.00, or 3 bottles, ?3.7\ ,
m Circular seat or. .•:: uMrt.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam»-
710 Market street, open until 12 o clock' ever]
eight in the year. .' . " .
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock. ;
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, Op«a
intil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
i^^~FTRsT >^H^R^H^JF^HRISTrsCIEN-
tS^£ r tist— Services at 11 a. m. m Beethoven Hail,
336 Post St., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, International Series. Subject: "Krror's
Destruction, and the Kingdom of God Established
as Foretold by Jc-sus." "Science and Health"
study Thursday. at 7:45 p. m., in Gol*en West
Hail*. 320 Post street. All are welcome. .
jT^S= FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
Ib-JS' ncr Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
tnebblns, D.D., minister: William G. Eliot Jr.,
associate, at the church Mondays from 30 to 12.
Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. Services at 11 a.m.
and 7:81) p. m. Communion service immediately
after the morning service. Bible-class at 9:45
a. M., led by Rev. Samuel Slocombe. All are
cordially :uvi'ted. ______^_
ttT3S= SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
B^S' ncr of Twentieth and Capii sts.— A. J.
Wells, pastor. riots thoushout June. Sermon
ny the pastor at 11 a. m on '-Life's Larger Mean-
in s." Lecture at 7:45 p.m. on liberal leaders —
"Phillips Brooks " Pastor's class at 7P. M. Sun-
day-school at 0:45 a.m. All seats ;ree. Pastor
resides at 20 Liberty st. ■_
J[3= REV. CHARLES O. BROWN. D.D., WILL
* ; -^ preach In Golden Gate Upper Hall, 626 Sut-
ter St., at 11 a. m, ana 7:45 p. M. Sunday-school
at Ip. m. Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. Ail
are cordially invited.
j^^ FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH. EDDY ST..
15Z& near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. May 81, 1896. At 11 a. m.,
forty-seventh anniversary exercises of tne sun-
day-school: splendid programme, fine decorations.
And at 7:30 p. m., preaching by the pastor— topic:
"The Cornerstone." suminy-school at 12:30 p.m.
Y. P. B. of C. E. at 6:30 p. m. Prayer-meeting on
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock. Chratlan cul-
ture class on Friday at Bp. m. All these services
are open to the public. Strangers are welcome.
tt_^S- i UIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
st^^ Fifteenth st.. near Mission— Rev. William
Rader; pastor. Services at 11 a. m. Subject, '-The
Plan in the Mount." Services at 7:45 P. M. Sub-
ject, "The saloon." Music by chorus choir under
direction of William C. Stadtfeld. All are cor-
dially invited.
«£-§= FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
!»»*' Twelfth St., near Howard: preaching at 11
a. M. by W. K. B^rry and at, 7:45 p. M. by F. W.
Jacobs; Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m.: seats free;
public cordially invited.
Br^» SPECIAL SERVICES WILL BE HELD
sSS' today (Trinity Sunday) at the Church of
the Holy >pint. 2127 Jackson St.. near Buchanan.
Rev. O. C Miller, paster, wl 1 preach in the morn-
ing at 11 o'clock on "The Trinity." The evening
service will be lessons for th? chillrcn illustrated
by the flowers. Sunday- jcliool at 9:45 a. M.
B3» THEOSOPHICA L SOCIETY' — COUNT-
Ep-^ ess Constance Wachtmeister, pupil of Baron
dv Patet and friend of Cbarrot and Uansen. the
great hypnotists, will lecture to-night at 8 o'clock
In Native Sons' Hull. 414 Mason st. Subject,
"Hypnotism «nd Its Dangers." .'. dmission free.
rp3s» THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY — FREE
BB : -»' public leciuie every Sunday evening at 320
Post st.. 7:45 o'clock. . Tonight, "The Destiny of
Man." by Mr. A. J. Johnson .
SUNDAY MKETINGS.
JTTJp THE 80C^I^T^"^oTnRRoT?I?E^TvE
Bt^JS^ Spiritualists will meet in Golden Gate Hall,
on Sutter St., between Mason and Taylor, on Sun-
day. May 31, at 6 o'clock p. m.; speaker. J. Clegg
Wright; subject: "Knowledge: the Eternal Pur-
pose in lutelitc.ua! Development" (this will be
the last meeting of the society until after the sum-
mer vacation); music by the Misses Lillian and
Kmiiv ' oleman: admission free. See funeral no-
tice of Brother William H. Baxter, 1419 Myrtle
St., Oakland, 2 o'clock p. M.
tCT~2^ LIBERALS AND TRUTHSEEKERS—
u?js' Dr. York, the noted orator, will deliver the
last lecture of the course at Scottish Hall. 105 J_r-
kin street, this evening, a: 8 sharp, on the naked
truth about "Superstition and Romanism." The
clergy are especially invited. Admission free.
Don't miss it.
Bp_S= DR. ROBBINS LECTURES TO-NIGHT
l»>^ on "The Convention, and Why the Great
Majority of Spiritualists Will Not Organize"; the
sick healed; mediums develODed; written ques-
tions answered; Washington Hall, 35% Eddy St.,
8 p.m.: magnetized paper; circle tickets and admis-
sion free.
&V_= DR. RIN-ES' SPIRITUAL MEETING,
<*~*' 909 Market St.. 11 a. m.. 2 and Bp. M. Cir-
cle and platform tests. Mmes. Meyers, Dunham,
Fip, Farrington, K. A. Stilts, Dr. Muehlenbrlch.
Office, 17a sixth st. All members will take notice
to attend a meeting Sunday, June 7, at 2 p. m
V(Z_f* OAKLAND PSYCHICA-. SOCIETY—
Or-& Fraternal Hall, Washington St., at 3 and 8
p. M. Mrae. Montague will lecture and answer
questions in the evening and give readings in the
afternoon. Mr. Joseph Adams will lecture in the
afternoon.
C^_S> AT 997 MARKET, -'FIRST PROGREB-
15— * sive Spiritual. Church," 11 a. m. test devel-
oping circle: 2 p. M. spirit messages, Mrs. Dun-
ham, Warren, Ewer; 8 p.m. Mr. Smith, Mrs. War-
ren, McKee and others.
jP^= OOODCITIZriN'.-HIP MKKil.\\i,.,u.,-
ft— ' ropolitan Temple, Sunday, May 31, at 3
p.m. Address by Rev. J. Q. A. Henry. Subject;
■-Twenty Reasons Why I Hate Political Roman-
Ism."., Admission 10c. .
l»^s=» ADDIE SWAIN'S LECTURE, AilKKl-
<-—? can Hall, Berkeley, Wednesday evening.
Office 1055 Market su
Hr-g-- C. V. MILLER, ETnEREALIZING, MA-
&—>" terializlng seance to-night: 8 p. m. 635
Post st.
jjpS» A TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, lOC.
Efc— * Mme. Young, 605 McAllister St.; lar^e or-
chestra.
SPSS' EARLK, INDEPENDENT S. LA T
Ur—s wrier. 330 Ellis: publlcseance neit Sunday
NOTICE OF MEETING*.
f^3»» KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. m
**^ 260, F. and A. M.-The officers and_JV
members are Hereby notified to attend the'^S'Jf
funeral of uroiher WILLIAM CALXAN.'V'
late a member of Virginia Lodge No. 3. Virginia,
Nev, on SUNDAY, May 31, at 1 P. m., from the
Masonic Temple. Funeral committee of other
lodges take notice. By order of the Master.
HARRY' EH R. Secretary.
B^ss= FIDELITY LODGE NO. **____
l^-*' 'J'-"-'. 1. O. 0. F.— MONDAY' jWS^HBI
EVENING, June 1. election of uffl-WMW
cers. W. S. MATTHEWS. N. G. -*»iS!^^
I. H. Vandyboourt, secretary.
KS> OFFICERS ASH MEMBERS vjN^xa^,
.SPSS' of Franco Ix>dge No. 207. I. O. _*!___%,
,O. F., ire requested to meet In their -SSSSJKS?
ha lon SUNDAY, May 31, 1896, at "WiW. 1
10:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of the late
brother, L. JUZIX. By order of
T. SEHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavingce. Secretary.
B^5K-« POHONACHKE TRIBE NO. —^w
&<£' 10 Improved O. R. M Members'*« t^N_
are 'notified to attend the next council
MONDAY. June 1. Elecion or officers will be held
W. NUTTALL, Sachem.
■ M. I 'AMI'I'.P.LI., C. Of R.
tt_f REUNION AND PICNIC OFfc>«»,
I*— 7 Ancient Order of Hibernians, B. of V; ¥
E., to be given b,- Division No. 1 of Berk-- ' "a,!!
ley. Aiameda County, at Laurel Glen ParkefVvfi*
SUNDAY, June 14, 1896, Adults' tickets 'i^Sl
60c, children's 25c. Boat leaves San Francisc >at
8 and 10 o clock a. m. change at Emeryville.
Leave University avenue at 9:30 and 11 o'clock*
ITS" REBEL CORK BENEVOLENT ASSO-
«>— '• elation.— The fourth annual picnic of this
society will take place at Shell Mound Park on
SUNDAY, August 1896. Bids for music will
be received by P. Donovan. 202 Fifth su, until
June 11. J. W. M A HON E Y, Secretary.
kp^s= notice of STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
&-»" ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
' M the ,r, ra lflc £?. ast Joek ''y Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June
1896, at the hour of 11 a. m.. at. the office of the
company. Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County 'of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting. -
.„-■■'■'- '• A. B. SPRECKELS. President
W. 8. Leaks. Secretary. -
San Francisco. Cal.. May 15. 1896.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
jjEip COFFjkY'S .COLLECTION C0T"~235
Ur-*' Kearny s'.. ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364. ...
XS 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4-
■»^*' collections made, , city or country. Pacific
j-'ollPCtlon Co.. 41. i Mon"--.- pt.. room 6. Te'. 6580.
HIT U ATI ON IS W'ANTEJJ-FEMAJLE.
BEST HELP "SECURED AT MRS. LAM^
BERT'S. 306 Mason st.
I EXPERIENCED SEAMSTRESS . -WISHES
situaiipn: city references- Call or address
2j)osVfc Mission st. - -• • -
"I LID'S NURSE-COMPETENT REFINED
J Danish girl desires situation to wail on lady or
e -* or ,. invalid; Brit-class references. Address
1607 California st. » .
GERMAN GIRL DESIRES situation AS
' ..nib -inlaid; good- seamstress: city refer-
ences. Call at 126 Fourth St.. room 8. '
VI E N ( i-SWISS PROTESTANT AS LADIES'
J. maid or nurse- no objections to light bouse-
work: best reference*. 125 j Oough, near Market.
pOLORED GIRLAVANTO PLACE FOR GEN-
\J eral housework. Call 1130 Pacific. lower flat.
\\r ANTED-.BY A SCOTCH I'KUIKm .a .M A
l-221O V^rr"lllv *""*'• Wel - - B^" 11 '
T.-IRST-CLA SS COOK DESIRES A POSITION^
£ country preferred: is good cook and iaundres*'-
would not object. to downstairs, work. Call for 2
days 508 Tay or St.. near Geary.
S" ITUATIOH WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
p woman to do_chaml)erwork or light house-
keeplng; , wages f!5 to S2O. M. W., box 42, Call
WOMAN DESIRES WORK BY THE DAY
" washing, ; ironing or housecleanlng. 267
Minna St., near Fourth. . ': -
VhAT, KELIABL.r WOMAN WANTS \ FUR-
i' nlsbed house or rooms to take care of In ex-
«ii"'«»«i for living rooms. T.. box 118. Call office.
! SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
<S*REiPECTABLE YOUNG SWISS gTrLS, 21
— and 23, good cooks, want situations In private
families; good references? wages not under $25.
Please call or address Monday and Tuesday, E. 1).,
4134 Nineteenth sU, near Castro. .
CToMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
V/'to de general housework; good plain cook and
laundress; city or short distance in country;
wages $10. Call 1000 Washington sU
MI 1> D AG ED WO KAN WOULD LIKE
i>l housework in small family. 733b Clementina.
\\T ANTED— SITUATION BY" COMPETENT
tt woman: good cook and laundress; willing to
do general housework. 33 Russ si. .
VI OTHER AND DAUGHTER WANT PLACE
IU» in ho el out of the city. Address MRS. C,
864 y a Miss'on gt. ■
/COMPETENT WOMAN, IS NICE .ENGLISH
V_.' and American cook, will work in neat family;
city ■ r country; wages $12 to $15. 749 Howard.
ERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION;
chamberwork or light housework. J., box 46,
Call Office.
T7\iRST-CLASS SICK-NURSE (ENGLISH) DE-
X sires a few more engagements in medical and
surgical cases: also a good masseuse for ladies or
gentlemen having rheumatism, etc, Address R.
RUSS, 7 Van Ness aye.
EX I'ERIENCED NURSERY GOVERN
XJ deires position; would like to take ful charge
of children and make herself useful. Address A.,
box 36, Call Office. !
TXRESSMAKJf R, • FIRST-CLASS CUTTER
XJ and fitter wishes engagements at $1 a day and
carfare. Address D. M., box 63, call offi>e.
STRONG, INDUSTRIOUS. HONEST WOMAN
wants situation in hotel or boarding-house or
in the count ;y. is willing to work. Address A. D.,
box 37, Call Office.
p ERMAN HOUSEKEEPER, THOROUGHLY
V.T competent, speaks German and English,
wishes position. Call or address 207 Seventh st.
ADY'. WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
keeper or charge of rooming-house;' also situa-
tion for daughter, aged 15, as nursegirl or light
housework in family of man and wife. Call for 2
day .* 1031 Market at., room 10, top floor.
TARESSMAKER, FIRST CLASS, WISHES EN-
XJ gagement by the day or take work at home;
terms $1 25 a day; suits made from $3 up. Call
865 a Minna St., near Sixth.
IDDLE-AG D AMERICAN WOMAN
wants a position; light housework, goo I home
and small wages. Call or address A. P.. 737 How-
ard St., room 22, San Francisco House.
AD-.l) GERMAN LADY DESIRES PO-
sltion In widower's family or by an aged couple;
same is saving and understands housekeeping,
sewing and cooking thoroughly. Address E. _'
box %i. Call Office.
OUNG LADY, A STANFORD STUDENT,
X would like position as governess for the sum-
mer; best of references. For particulars address
A. L. BR iWN. 413 Eddy St. ;
C COMPETENT, RELIABLE WOMAN WITH
V / c lid 8 months old wants situation on a ranch
to do cooking and housework. Address L. C, box
34, Call Office. .
yOL'.NO WOMAN WISHES TO DO CHAM-
X.berwork in rooming-house, houswork or care
of child 3or 4 hours daily. Address J. M., box 73,
this office.
"yOUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION
X to do homework by the day, week or month.
713' Clementina St., neitr Eighth, in rear.
QCANDIN AVIAN WOMAN WANTS* POSI-
Cj tlon to do any kind of light work. Address S.
B. A., box 58, Call Office.
ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
" companion or nurse to a lady; domesticated
and fond of children. Address E. 8., box 73, Call.
"YOUNG Gi-.RMAN GIRL WISHES SITU A-
X tion to do cooKing and geieral housework in
private family. Inquire New Atlantic Hotel,
207 Montgomery aye.
YOU.VG COLORED WOMAN WANTS TO DO
X gentlemen's mending. Add. Y. C.box 109, CalL
IRST-CLASB SEAMSTRESS WOULD LIKE
I sewing by day with dressmaker. Call at 428
Natoma bu
I JEFI NED WIDOW, GOOD COOK. WISHES A
XX position as housekeeper, or would take charge
of a rooming-house. Cull or address Housekeeper.
421 Eddy st., lower flat.
ELDERLY' AMERICAN WOMAN WISHES
X-J housework and cooKing for small family; no i
objection to country. Call 230 Eleventh <t
/GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE; BEST
VJT help secured. MRS. LAMBERT, 30<J Mason.
WOMAN WISHES WORK TO DO SMALL
TT washing and housecleanlng by the day.
1328 V» Natoma aU
IT UATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
0 woman to care ior elderly lady or gentleman,
or as housekeeper or child's nurse; none but re-
fined parties need apply: best of references given: j
city or con nt Address Prescott House, corner j
Kearny and Pacific sts.
W ANTED— PLACE A«S COOK OR LAUN-
• t dress by middle-aged woman: is good seam-
stress; not afraid to work; references. Address
T. H.. care Coffin's drugstore, corner Sixteenth
and Valencia sts.
PANI H LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
housekeeper or to take charge of Invalid or
lodging-house. Call or address 150 Fourth St.,
room 12. r _ ,
VOUXG WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
X with a child wishes a housekeeper's position or
some light work to do. Please call 917 Market su,
room 18.
pERMAN LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
' X working nousekeeper or do housework In
sma'l family: references given. Please call 259
Stevenson sU. beu Third and Fourth.
"LURST -CLASS NUR-.E WOULD GIVE HER
X: services as maid or nurse for fare and expenses
to the East or Europe. Address A. C, box 46. Call.
■\FOUNG lady WISHES place IN PRI-
X vate family: respectable Jewish family pre-
ferred. Call 448 Natoma bu, near sixth.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
' * day; washing, ironing and cleaning. 358
Eleventh su
ROTESTANT LADY, WITH A CHILD OF 10
years, wants position as working housekeeper
for widower or bachelor: ago<>d home the object.
Address P. L., box 102. Call office.
AD"V WANTS A SITUATION AS HOUSE
J keeper; city preferred. Address or apply 120' 2
Geary st., room 15.
W INCHES . Eli HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»' Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
AroUNG LADY RECENTLY FROM THE
X East d.esires plain sewing and mending by the
day. Room 8. 472 Stevenson fit-
situations wantkd-malje7
H^unt'er"* co?chTn fTsiTani>Ta^paTne^e
XX employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
Japanese INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
("HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ office: beat help. 414"/ 2 O'Farrell; teL E. 426.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V/'help; tel. Main 1997. BItADLE 640 Clay.
L» lio.OuuK'a >• >i.. >L"PI-LiEs COOKS; ALL
X . branches -.short notice. 14 Uearv. teLUrant 48.
J W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
'• merit office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
JAJfXSjiaK AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 3148 Setter: teL Grant 30.
YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION AS JAN-
X Hot, porter or coachman: city or country;
thoroughly competent and willing; oest of city
references. Address D. A., box 66, Call Office.
EELIABLE FIRST-CLASS MAN WANTS A
' sUuatlon around a private place; Is good driver
and fair gardener and is handy with tools. Ad-
dress H. 8., box 53, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN DESfRES SITUATION AS
.1. bookkeeper, etc. ; expert stenographer. K. D..
box 16*. this office.
Fact pain tinter
whltener, polisher, etc., will work cheap for
private parties, institution or hotel: day or con-
tract; city or country. Call or address Painter,
308 Twenty-fourth st., Oakland.
WANTED — GOOD~~s7dE. LINE, STAPLES
'» preferred; I cover entire coast : state commis-
sion and some particulars. A. B. \\, box 34. Call.
GEM LEMAN OF 13 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
wishes position as steward or manager In good
Lotel; city or country; the right man for the right
place. Address Manager, box 34. Call Office.
VOUNO MAN, AGIiD 20, WISHES WORK
-I of any kind. Address .1. M.. box 164. Call.
1 a..i.,.,i..iia.\d PAI.MKR WITH TOOLS
\J would like to obtain position in a private boose
or an institution. Address H., box 50. this office.
OECONDCOOK OR BROILER WANTS A SIT-
O nation In hotel or reataurant; steady man of
long experience. ■ Address C, box 63. this, office.
OTKADY YOUNG MAN, WHO IS A GOOD
KJ driver a d understands horses, wishes work of
any kind; city or country; wages low. Address B.
L., box 67. Call. **. - v
TUST THE MAN YOU WANT; SOBER
0 trustworthy and willing; satisfaction guaran-
teed; as. teamster, porter or janitor; have carpen-
ter tools and can use them: give me a trial- refer-
ence furnished. Address K. W., box 76. Call.
VI AN AND WIFK ARE DKSIHOUS OF O_
ux v1 "'" a situation on a ranch or mining camp-
wife is a good cook: , husband is able to do an
thing and is a good teamster; no children. Ad-
dress L. A., box 15, this office.. .
SITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
kJ American cook. Cal or address 1015 Market.
pAIIDKNKR-A FIRST-CLASS GAKDKNER
VT wishes a steady situation: understands all
branches of gardening and has cood references.
Address Gardener, box 39. Call Office.
SiITUAIION WANTED BY COMPETENT
0 cutter: able to take charge of. first-class tailor-
ing department: t best city reference*. L., box 18,
1 ,'■'.■- K-' 1 i ' l ■ iIOUsE PAINTER, WITH
tools, wants work by the day or piecework-
city or country; will work cheap. Address Painter.
v:3 Pleasant st.
VOU.NG MAY DESIRES A POSITION IN A
Cl^Erb^>B^j(C 1^Erb^>8^j(^ IW^^ eren^^ A<»l-ess
GARDENER WISHES SITUATION- CAN
mlk and take car? of horses; 'references. Ad-
dress GARDENER, box 42. this office. - -- - • *
SCOTCHMAN, SHORT AND HOMELY BUT
O strong,' sober and honest, would like work- un-
derstands care of horses; good recommendations
Address MUNCASTEB, 68 Sacramento st. * . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUTSDAY, MA\ 81, IStfG.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
QITUATIONS WANTED BY GERMAN- COU-
O pie without children; wife as cook, housekeep-
er or chambermaid: man to take care of horses,
cattle and garden, or as porter; references. Call
or address E., 319 Ellis st, ■*'
AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry: . wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; references.
Address T. 8.. box 63, Call Office.
TEADY YOUNG MARRIED MAN WISHES
O position as porter or driver. Address S. E.,
box 28, this office. <
JAPANESE YOUNG BOY WANTS TO DO
«i housework or wait on table. Address T. H.,
1605 Buchanan st.
QTENOOR v PER, EXPERIENCED IN LEGAL
v and commercial work, desires position ; per-
manent or temporary; references. Address S. P.,
box 89. Call 1 nice. '
1/IRST-CLASS FRENCHMAN WANTS BITUA-
' tion as bedmaker; has good reference. Call or
address 621 Pacific at. --■
AKER FOREMAN WISHES TO TAKE
XJ charge of shop, city or country. Address Baker,
box 141, Call Office. ■
XV ANTI-D. BY STRONG YOUNG MAN—
'» sition In a wholesale house or with a shipping
or commission firm; not afraid of hard work. Ad-
dress S. M., box 161. Call Office.
C COACHMAN— SITUATION WANTED: UN-
yj demands thoroughly the care of horses, cows,
garden, etc.; also careful driver: city or country;
reference. Address C. D., box 99, Call.
"yOUNG MARRIED MAN. COMPOSITOR,
X speaking and writing English and German,
with small amount of money, wants position; is
not afraid to change his trade. Address Composi-
tor. Oakland Call Office. '
"EXPERIENCED WINEMAKER AND CEL-
Xj larman (German), for the past 10 years fore-
man in large California wineries, with first-class
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address box 1, Call Office, Los Angeles. _^
11* I C i ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $8 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ■
; FEMALE HELP WANTED.
W ANTED— COMPETENT NURSE FOR TWO
" children 10 go to New York and return, $25,
see lady here, references and experience accessary;
also a nurse to care for Infant to travei to Euiope
and return, wages $20. Apply this morning to
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutler St. '■
COOK, SMALL MOUNTAIN RESORT, FARE
paid, $25; chambermaid for lodging-house,
: $15: testant cook. San Mateo, see party here
1 10 o'clock Monday, $25; 2 German cooks, city.
] $25; 2 girls, general housework, city, $20; girl for
i Contra Costa County, $20; girls for Cloverdale,
Alameda, Berkeley, San Mateo County, Murphys
and other country and city places. $30 and $16;
colored cook, to sleep home, $5 a week. C. R.
HANSEN CO.. 110 Geary st.
NNIE PLOUGH, AGNES FROLGER OR
Annie Bergstrom please call or send address
to C. R. HANSEN «fc CO., 110 Geary st.
V OUNG PANTRY' GIRL; CITY HOTEL; $15.
X c. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
TEAT YOUNG WOMAN; HOUSEWORK:
X> nice country place, $20; waitresses and cham-
bermaid*. $15: second girls, $20; cooks, house-
work and other places. MURRAY & READY,
634 Clay st.
\" I A I YOUNG WOMAN COuK; FAMILY OF
i-"l 6, $25: also second girl, same place, $20. J.
P. JOHNSTON & CO., 87 i Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD, WILLING GIRL FoR GENERAL
housework. 108 Hickory aye.
PUPILS TO LEARN MILLINERY; THOR-
X oughly qualified for taking positions next sea-
son: classes day and evening: elegant goods to
work with. 1104 Market su, room 32. second floor.
OMPETKNT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
yj work: small family; good plain cook. 219
Broderick su
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
VJ general housework. 1633 Turk st.
"OOD BUTTONHOLE-MAKERS AND FIN-
Ishers on custom coats. 108 Battery st. .
1 117" ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
i» school; course thorough, practical; satisfac-
1 tion guaranteed: reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
GOOD FINISHER ON PANTS. CHARLES
COOPER, 622 Clay st., room 1.
WANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
'» school: class now forming for full season;
course iboroiuh, practical: satisfaction guaran-
teed; reasonable. ■ 410 Leavenworth sU
LA HIES FOR SPECIAL WORK, EACH
XJ town: not necessary to canvass; enclose stamp
for sealed particulars. C. C. Co 131 Post st.
WANTED — GOOD WOMAN COOK FOR"
'■ small restaurant: $5 a week to commence
with. 12121^ Polk st.
V\ ANTED— APPRENTICE FOR DHESSMAK-
•' ing. 1007 Larkin st., rooms 8 and 9. |
A GENTS WANTED FOR "FEMINA," A WO-
XV man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly-
cllnic Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia su For women
and children free consultations from 3 to 4.
■V"OUNG GERMAN GIKL TO DO GENERAL
X housework: must be good plain cook; American
family. Call from 11 until 2, 812b Larkin st.
"\rOUNG girl to MIND baby; GOOD
X home: wages $6 month. 1012 Jackson st.,
between Mason and Taj lor, lower flat.
WANTED— A FEW BRIGHT LADIES TO
tt handle a rapid-selling article of large profits.
Call at 204^ Leavenworth sU at 9:30 a. m.
WANTED — A BRIGHT WOMAN WHO
TT knows bow to sell; young |rlr:s need not ap.
ply. Address M. M., box 39. Call Office.
GIRL TO \\ -»RK IN RESTAURANT; $10-
VT sleep home; no Sunday work. 624 Sixth sU
WETNURSE. APPLY DR. CH. Q. LEVISON,
TT 606 Slitter St., from 1 to 3 p. at
ADIES TO LEARN HAIRDRESSINO,
manicuring and beauty-culture. 131 Post. r. 20.
pOAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 641 MARKET
V-> street.
"apprentices-special LESSONS EVERY
■CX Tues. In dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage 10 and from ferry.
HAIRDRESsINO, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101easona,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell sU
MALE HELP WANTED.
TfTLASoRERi^ii 60~DAY, ciTY^WORKTe
X\J laborers. $20, for a large company: 3 sand
teamsters, $26, city. MURRAY <fc READY 634
and 636 Clay st. *
tin MEN TO DO LABORING WORK AROUND
£-" sawmills and wqods; no experience required.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay su
OA TIEMAKERS, 8c AND 10c EACH; 6
**\) woodchoppers. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. ... .
BLACKSMITH FOR VINEYARD AND OR-
XJ chard; $26 and board; charcoal burner. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay au •
G V -WASHER AND HARKBSsI
it cleaner, $30 and found; foreman stableman
$32 60. MURRAY & RKADY, 634 and 636 (lay!
ft MILKERS, $25; 3 BUTTER-MAKERS
O MURRAY «fe READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. '
OA FARMERS, ORCHAND AND VINEYARD
£>\J hands, $20 to »26. 2 boys for ranches, $20
and $15 per month and found : small boy, 16 years
old, $20 and found, see boss here, for ranch, can
go to i:lght school. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. '
0 4-HORSE TEAMSTERS FOR VIVEYARD
and orchard; $26.- MURRAY <fc READY, 634
and 606 Clay st.
1 i\ laborers to dig ditches for a
XV large company's ranch; steady job at $20 per
month and sound. MURRAY <fc READY, 634 and
636 Clay.
OA HAYMAKERS.S2O AND $25 PER MONTH
*-"' and found: 2 men to run hay derricks; man
to herd hogs. MURRAY <fe READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
9^o MEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. CITY
*< uu or country, from $16 to $90 per month and
found. MURRAY & RKADY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay su
COOK Fi>R MINING HOTEL, $40; 4 COOKS,
V/ -T35 to $60; 6 waiters, $25 to $30; » dishwash-
ers. $10 to $20; kitchen-hand. $20: 2 waiter-boys
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
PASTRY COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $40 AND
J found; baker, country shop, $6 week; cook
and wife, $35. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay 8U .. ... • .
LA UND It AND WIFE TO TAKE
XJ charge of hotel laundry, country; baker and
pastry cook, country hotel, $60; second cook,
country hotel. $50 to $60; pastry cook and baker,
hotel, $40; 4 waiters, $25 aud' $20; vegelabl •
man, hotel, $16. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary si. : ...
WANTED— PLAIN . CARPENTER; THOR-
oijl'li workman; ' one with a knowledge of
Other trades preferred : $20 per month; steady job.
Apply 11: aud. 12,331 . Montgomery su, room
61. J. HAMILTON.
OY WANTr D AT • GOVE'S DRUGSTORE,
XJ corner Californlaand Fillmore. Apply Monday.
Etude nth, attention! pleasant and
0 profitable employment for several young men
and young women during summer vacation in
every city un tin- const : a . few hours' work each
day umong your friends will bring you a gi.od in-
come. • Address J. O. H., box 102, Call Office.
\\ ANTED— RELIABLE BOY AGED 16 TO
»' learn grocery buSiness; good home. Address
1019 Pacific .•••■■'
pARTNER WANTED IN GOOD- PAYING
1 business: small capital required; *15 to $20 per
week. Address G. or call 826 Twenty-first si.,
Oakland. ". t•> ■ • > . .
USILEKB— FINE PROPOSITION IN CITY
and all ouislde towns. Room 29,109 California.
BA US' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary. CONRAD TROEL.L, 657 Clay.
W AN TED— MciN AND WOMEN TO WORK
» » at home; 1 pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented -method; anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home In
spare lime day or evenii»;r: send, for particulars
and begin work at once. , Address H. A. GRIPP
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. '
HELP WANTED— Continued.
I) ARBERS, ATTENTION— 3-CHAIR OUTFIT,
■ ' complete, for sale at a sacrifice; must be sold
on account of removaL Apply to STOLTZ, 630
Market sU
Ur ANTED— AT ROOM • 317, 328 MONTOOM-
" cry st,, clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits : Superior and Justice Courts.
ANTED— GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS
»» salesman: one with knowledge of clothing.
Apply 523 Market St., room 7, from 9 to 12. ,
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
XJ retarv Barbers' Aaao.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
]J ARBERa' ASSOCIATION OF CAL, EMPLOY-
XJ menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 239 O' FarrelL |
VI AN WHO UNDERSTANDS BAND-RESAW-
3' A ing, scroll-sawing and shaper work. Apply
718 Minna st. ■
IRONERS WANTED. PARISIAN LAUNDRY,
X ity-nln;h and Dolores.
YOUNG MAN FOR OFFICK WORK; MUST
X have small capital. R. E., box 136. Call Office.
ANTED— YOUNG EXPERIENCED BUT-
cher; references. 1803 Haightst !
tv A RBEKS — BEST- PAYING 3-CHAIR Toe
X) shop, laundry office and cigar-stand for sale.
Apply or address ASA BERDROW. San Jose.
HOP FOR SALE; ESTABLISHED 3 YEARS;
situated among factories and lodging-houses;
can be had for $100: 3 living-rooms in rear; owner
going Into business with his father. Apply Call
Office.
EN'S %-SOLING. 60c; LADIES, 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
A NTED— RESTAURANT AND RESTAU-
" rant furniture spot cash paid. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO., THE OLD
X reliable attorneys, 1068 East seen th st,,
Oakland; Cal. .?=■---•■■.:••"
BESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR BECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 60
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. < \
LCHO HOUSE, • 863 Vi MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c., 86c. to 60c night; $1 to $5 week.
J'UbT OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
Pacific si., below Kearny: lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16c per night: clean beds, annuy rooms.
Uf ANTED— THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. naw, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis . St., San Francisco,
Cal.
CULF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
/ half-solelng 26c up. 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
A STHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
- A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44THIRD ST., NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Ea REMOVED 609 To 643 CLAY ST.; JiOT-
» tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
ANTED — MEN TO LKARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School. 1516 Howard.
\\ T ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
<» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & 0.. Depu L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
(ILERKS* AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
BEST IN CITY— SING < E ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff ats.
ROOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 60c TO «1 50
XV per week. Oriental, 225 I'rumin st.
\U ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'' enu&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
hat CUEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
" St.; 200 rooms; best In the city, single rooms
20 and 26c a night. »1 a w»ek: meals 10c.
W ANTED-_\BORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third 150
large rooms; 25c per nigh:-. $1 to $3 per week.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
i 1 ats.; single fnrnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
"I/IAMKN TO take lodging AT 10c, liic
Xv'ls and 20c a night. Including coffee and rolls
624 Washington st., near Kearny. .
rK ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" your old shoe* and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done whtlfe you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
\j EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'l all grocers keep lv . , .
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. BOMB"
nearly new. 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
I TREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOU 6c;
X also a bout tof lager. 6c, at 637 Clay st. ...
'PRY ACM.K house. 857 market ST., 88-
1 low Sixth, fora room: 2.V* a night: $1 a week.
ANTED— SINULK ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»-»ek; rooms for two, 260 a day, SI 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
AGENTS WANTED.
YV^A^TeTi^SFA' KRAI. SUBSCRI PTION SO-
" llctiors on a high-class semi-monthly publica-
tion; extra liberal commission. Address J. G. 11.,
box 10, Call Office. .
GENTS' EXPERIENCE HAS PROVEN
that we have the only and best selling line of
novelties for hard times. ALUMINUM NOVELTY
CO., 110 .Sutter su • . . ■
OLICITOR WANTED IN EVERY COUNTY
on Pacific Coast to sell "Lightning Scissors-
Hliarpener"; send 25c for sample and terms. E.
C. SI OW E. box t>4l. San Jose, i:al.
UNDER BOTH FLAGS"; ENTIRELY NEW;
unrivaled success; the story of the war as told
by the actors on both tides, without party preju-
dice or sectional strife: how the battles were won;
great war pictures by great artists: agents wanted
everywhere.- THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
Flood building, 8. F. - ■•■
VU ANTED— 7 GOOD SOLICITORS TO CAN-
* vass for members for Union Fraternal League:
the order pays sick and accident benefits from $7
to $14 per week, and disability benefits from $250
to $1000, and death benefits $250 to $2000; we are
paving good workers $3 to $9 per day. For terms
call or address Union Fraternal League, 124 Turk
St., S. F., Cal. ■ .
UIjO A DAY FOR YOU: $18 CASH REQUIRED;
<IP«* Invest 6 to 7 p. m., 1625 Howard st.
KOOMS WANTED.
rTiHOROUGH^TEACHER OF VOICE" CU~L-
X ture. elocution and piano will exchange lessons
for unfurnished rooms. Professional, box 68, 339
Hayes st.
YoTFng gentleman of good HABITS
X would like a room in private family; rent rea-
sonable: central: Bute terms. H.. box 40. Call.
WAIVTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
"PRINTING !*RESsI?BTT^TErETc7rBOiTGHT
X and sold. I I.L, 22V^ Geary st.
\\T ANTED— GOOD ELKCTRIC BATTERY;
»» second-hand; cash.. M., box 30. Call Office.
WANTED- SECOND-HAND INCUBATOR.
' 1 Address JOHN A. WILSON, Lafayette, Cal.
HIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
ELL VuUil BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLKIN. H)9 Sixth wU: send postal.
lost;
T ost-furboa, at the •■chutes,". last
XJ Sunday evening. Return to 1928 Golden Gate
aye.; receive reward.
LOST— $25 REWARD— SMALL i DOG; =. TAN
XJ color: black stripe down back; white ring
around neck; white feet and tall. The above re-
ward will be paid by returning same to W. T.
CLARK. Windsor Hotel. Fifth and Market sts. :
T OST, MONDAY— BROWNISH RED MEMO-
J-irandum book, going from California Hotel to
Palace. Reward if returned to Palace Hotel
laundry.
T OBT— MAY 27. 1836. A RED COW WITH,
rV, rope on neck. Please return to J.FEEDERLY,
I * l Y. \ennont St., bet. Twenty-fifth and -Twenty-
sixth; liberal reward. ..
T/i ST 7A7 A PASSBOOK WITH THE hibernia
j-j savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of LUIGI AKCURI. No. 146570. The
n,.:er will please return to bank.
PKOPEKTX TO EXCHANGE.
.^fi-S £ARGif IcbRNER^T^fN~iuTTEB
KJ U. City; worth $200. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ftOO £, ak gains— what do you WANT?
KnV £° houses and lots from $1260 t0.. .510,000
PP l *» nche ». »H sires, from $100 t0... 30.000
100 business pla.es. all kinds from 860 to. 4,01)0
25 ioogine-nouses and hotels -.rotn $200 to. 3.000
H. I. DECKER, 10^0 Market sU, opposite Fifth.
WANTED— TO EXCHANGE LOT IN RICH-
rln «°qJi^ £ . lrlct f <"- small place In the country;
call f.i 207 Point Lobos aye. J. J. MILLER. ;
l*xchTngTc^for improved ranch, UN-
±j inci.mbered. lot In San Francisco, 47x114 feet,
011 Twenty-fourth st.. Nos. 932 and 934,w1th build-
ntt S Jvfl,l°!i C0nal " : - ! ""res: large hall com-"
P.t«.\ fined up: 4-room cottage: electric-cars on
1! Call Office * 8000: mortgage $3000. J., box
128()^ t KE « ™«KKLA.ND, KERN CO.;
— '""-' w»ter: fine for cattle-mining. N..h.x.l6.CaU
U£ i'~-'-i- STORAGE. ;. V.* <-/;•';■■.-*
TSrSnflE^^ 1552^
en worths" "orage; . reasonable. •■ 410 ■ Leav-
S^MoVf " I ";-* JH EAPE8T1N THE CITY ; FIRK-
v-> proof building; advances made. 211 Larltin.
V RN 1 U HtH PIANOS, TRUNKS- AD-
X vauces, shipping. CHAd L. TA YL0R.204 Po^
T . reo\ ced' X-K 7!M MISSION-STORAOH AT
•reqiced rates: basement atorage,sl 50 per load
L ( ho « h«M KATKS FUUNITUBE ' pianos;
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. r»erce, 735 Markeu
A "-SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
x».« low rates; fire-proof building: Eastern plan.
Apply FOR RATKS FOR STORING furni-
lure, etc bHIREK & SHIREK. 747 Market.
PERSOISAL,S.
"VIATRIMONIAL MAGAZINE OF 62 PAGES;
J-»X large new list of personals; business: confi-
dential; success guaranteed; sample copy 10c.
Guide. Minneapolis, Minn. ■
A ONES— GET YOUR HAIR DRESSED TO-
.£»- night at. G. LEDiiRER'S. 111 Stockton St.;
don't get him mixed up with 'the others; he Is
nearest Geary st. : he Is undoubtedly the best and
his price is only 25 cents. BESS.
I. DECSI r^ " ! ~"
• ' ' (Late of Paris and London).
DESIGNER OF STANDARD SYSTEM
LADIES' GARMENTS, CAPES, ETC..
Will teach above method at customer's domicile
if required. . .
For information and prices inquire at 1714 Post
street.
Patterns of any design promptly executed.
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
.IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
T> AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. I OK SALE;
-IV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
WANTED— KNOW THE WHEREABOUTS
of Australian Jack Dock, the teamster, and
George, the engineer, John Decorsey and Hunter
smith, and any other friends of George M. Drum.
Kindly communicate or call at 110 Fourth, room 6.
WATCH, JEWELRY REPAIRING: LOW
" prices and first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
AIR DRESSED. 25c: SHAMPOO, 25c: MAN
XX ienre, 25c. BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 20,elevtr.
UY YOUR DRESS GOODS, TABLE LINEN,
lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, linings,
threads, handkerchiefs, veilings, bedspreads, etc,,
very cheap at Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth.
T WIFE, ELIZABETH GARDINER, HAV-
ing left my bed and board, I shall no longer
be. responsible for any debts contracted by her
after this date, May 29, 1896. RALPH GAR-
DINER.
PONBUMPTION TREATED . BY A NEW
\J method. DR. AMERICAN, 36% Geary St.;
hours 12 to 2:3 a
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPS-
daily ; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market st
EO. W. PHELPS, ATTORN EY-AT-LAW, 216
Sansome st., room 4.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weeKs; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
UITB TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company,lll7 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
I AM NOT SECOND CLASS. AS MY PRICE
(25c) for hair-dressing might lead some people
to believe; I employ nine of the best artists in the
city: don't mistake the place. 11l Stockton st., G.
LEDERER. -
"\7"APOR AND ELECTRIC BATHS FOR
V Rheumatism, Sciatica, Constipation, Obesity.
637 Turk st. * *.
rPHE ECONOMY'" MILLINERY", RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 sixth st; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c. ; nats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c.
IBEH.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry. etc. : lowest rat.'v 948 Market st.
SPECIAL— POL. SHIPPER & CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
t Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers 42 up; workman-
, ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
I cards sent free; country trade solicited.
TRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
1 CARDS, $160: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
1 i\J\J teL Black 14L HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
ABK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash : cures scalp diseases: lake no other.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : - also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-216 Ma-ion at. ; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I •
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
j week; free bus and baggage to and from the Jerry.
hTROZYNsKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ARLINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
j Panlngton,R.L Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY. FORMERLY 132
Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
"OIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sta. : artistic ad-
i vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Markets*.
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
pLOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J rnfrs' cost. Factor-. '.II San«omn m.. UDstalrc.
DKESSSIAKEKS.
TXRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 85 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn *1 up. 505-^i Natoma su, above Sixth.
A~\ C\ TAYLOR— ELKG ANT STYLISH SUITS,
LV/ $5 up; dresses made over. • .
: CLAIRVOYANTS.
A. r^^-^-. -. r ... .^_ "Y- '""' ---'-^^.--■--^-^
60 cts and $I—6o cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER,"
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their reading* astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness,- speculation. Investments, Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce: settle lovers'
quarrels ■ and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or. stolen property; Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influences In half ;h-
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums In the
I world that can work these, wonders, and none out-
j side of the eminent professors In San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
I nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. ii. to Bp. m. Sundays 2 to 6p. m.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE A, VAN DE VERB,
1728 Market st.
DO NOT FAIL TO CONBULT PROF. It L.
Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium: he gives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go and wnat to do to be successful,
reunites the separated and causes a speed? mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy st. : hours 9to 9.
VI ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
i.»X ter, is a born medium : guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
before your own ■ eyes so you can see no fraud is
practiced upon the public, for 50c and $1; call and
be convinced of her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and
4, 917 Market st,
PROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST.. NEAR
. Sixth: wonderful power; advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; tells of
friends and enemies: 9 10 8, also Sunday.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant. card-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
VI ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY':
.LTX tips on races; names given; 26c up. 6 Fourth.
G*PSY Hi-E-READER; LADIES, 26c:
gents, 600 : readings daily except Sun. 6 7th.
VI ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
"!■ ture. 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard St.
VI ME. SYBILLE Tr.LLS FROM CRADLE TO
; the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrtll si.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the Dlctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
VI ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
I*l er and clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
KBTU RNE I), WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tens past,
present and.future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
A WEEK'S "NEWS FOR 0 CENTS — TH»
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
' . ru ALISM.
pHILDREX'S LYCEUiI AND SPIRITUAL
V. library open 10:30 to 12 at 900 Market st.:
lyceum nodal next Friday. ■■.■■'.:•. ' ; ■ : .
MRS HENDEE ROGERS' CIRCLE TO-
night, also Tuesday and Friday, at- 8: sit-
tlngs dally. 109 oak si., S. F. .
VI R& GRIFFIN, CIRCLE THIS EVENING;
■L'J sittings dally. 120 McAllister
/CLAIRVOYANT; LADIES ONLY; FEE 25c.
\J 41 Minna at., basement. •,-■■■.'■
MRS. SHRINER— CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
10c. Sittings dally. 311 Van Ness aye.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny. now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
Its! J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
medium : alttlnes $1. 218 Stockton at.
SEWING MACHINES. ;
©O^ ALMOST NEW: 7-DRAWER DOMES-
«IT— •.). tic sewing machine; complete. 1916
Mission Bt., near Fifteenth. , '
ffl; £. UPWARD: • RENT 51 60 TO $1 75
«ire» monthly; repairing 26c; bought and ex-
changed; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth st.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, HOLD, EXCHANGE 6,
xi. rented, repaired ; lowest rains. 205 Fourth »*»
... ..,-...- PHYSICIANS. "
rpKMOVKDl r tJ iru"o IDONJtKLLl D0NJtKLL 'TO \l2OB
It Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. ;
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN .AT
his museum, . 1051 Market at.; his 30 years'
successful practice la a guarantee of fair treatment:
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. ■ I
~T ,-'• ■'.-, .! IiICYCLES. . . ./. ..
DARK CYCLERY— NEW AVHEELS TO _ET;
x beat , accommodations. , Terminus Geary, - Mo-
▲ Ulster and Powell st. car lines.
' - TYPEWRITERS. ■-- TT~"
YOST, $30; CALIGRAPH. $26; SEND FOR
s ample work. SCOTT & Ban Nan , 333 Monty
BUSINESS CHANCES.
(_> QCQ C 7-ROOM HpuiET^ITFURNISHEDT
Jft 00. the roomers pay more than the rent for
one-half the use of the house; It is a snap and see
it quick: everything furnished complete. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
fll»«»7'-. FINE ■ BUTCHER SHOP WITH
tlpO I «J. three' horses anit one wagon and all the
tools: fine location hi an interior town; good
trade: investigate this line country place and you
will buy It. S. LUBELSKI,' City Hall aye.
&-QX ( |A GROCERY AND BAR; ELEGANT
ur.^cM'l/. corner stand; doing fine; rare chance
for fine grocery investment: Bee this place at once:
th fullest investigation; located north 01 Market
st. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<Si.l Qf\(\ GROCERY AND BAR; DOING
<IPJ. Ovv. fine business; corner stand: cheap
rent: big stock; rare bargain: come see this splen-
did buy: also horse and wagon. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye. •
fiCIA ELKGANT STATIONERY AND CO N-
r£*OO\J. fectionery, with soda fountain: finest
locality; cheap rent and 4 tine living-rooms; see
this fine pace at once; paying well. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. -■■ • '
mo SELL YOUR ■ BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
(P»/;*-rv CORNER GROCERY. BAR; WEST-
era Addition; well established: rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: good place for
man and wife. STE BERG CO., 629 Market st.
(JjQfin ELEGANTLY fitted-up SALOON,
<IpOUU. with private looms; north of Market
st.: fine cash-register; big bargain. STENBERG,
6/12 Market st.
QQfIH SALOON IN BUSY' PART OF TOWN;
tlpOv/U. cheap rent; don't miss this bargain,
STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market st. ...
Cj; 1 CAA CORNER RESTAURANT, NEAR
XO\J\J. transfer point. Western Addition;
handsome private rooms; owner years; no bet-
ter offer in market; rare bargain. STENBERG
CO.. 632 Market st. '
JJ» Ofifil i PARTNER WANTED IN WELL-
is)O\J\J\i. established steam-laundry in first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
ing-bouses and restaurants; valuable .outside
routes; horses and wagons; business sure to in-
crease if properly attended ; books open for inspec-
tion; full investigation. STENBERG CO., 632
Market st. '
fig OfJA corner saloon*; nicely FITTED
<]pOUv/. up;, good location; wholesale district;
offered at a sacrifice; owner has 2 places. STEN-
BERG CO., 632 Market st.
Gj/JfiA GOOD BUSINESS; WOOD AND COAL
»4PI"J\7. yard; 2 horses, 2 wagons; rent only
$12: reason for selling death in family. See
HEALY' & CO., 23 Kearny st. .
STATIONERY; SALES $250; EXPENSES
$15 monthly; price, $650. J., box SO, Call
Office.
OG BUSINESS FOR SALE; 36 HEAD OF
bogs; breeding sows: horse, wagon, swill
route: outside, city; all for $250. Apply at 7243-
Nat nma st.
WA TED-SALOON NORTH OF MARKET;
not over $1000. D., box 165, this office.
•SUl^fl ESTABLISHED COALYARD SAC-
*lP± t -'\J. riflced for hasty departure: horses,
wagons, stock, valuable lease, living-rooms. In-
quire 410 Kearnv St., room 6.
PARTNER, ESTABLISHED BUSINESS. TO
X attend office; $300 required; German preferred.
A. P. S., box 8, Call Office.
Cl ROCERY AND . BAR; WELL STOCKED;
r cheap ; make offer. 2201 Fifteenth, cor. Noe.
Tj-OR SALE— SO 9 POST~- SUNNY DINING
X parlors ; rent paid in board.
LOR SALE-AVENUE SALOON. CITY HALL
XIX I and Park ayes. . .' :
"LiOR SALE— CHEAP FOR CASH; NEW ENG-
X land home bakery. 1817 Powell.
p ROCERYANIJBAR: TRANSFER CORNER;
VJ no agents. Apply Call Office.
15H7", RESTAURANT FOR SALE. 917
<*px I O. Mission st. .
CHEAP — FRUIT. CANDY AND CIGAR
store. Hayes-st. entrance Golden Gate Park.
DE LIC AC STORE AND TAMALE CAFE
for sale cheap. 150 Eddy sU
ALTON; CORNER; LOW RENT: GOOD
• business; going east; $150. E. A., box 131, Call.
%1 *^fj EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
«JplOl7. stand: clearing $80 per. month; sold
on account of sickness. Apply cigar-store. 205
Larkin st. • . .
EST BARGAIN ON • EARTH, HALF IN-
terest in restaurant doing $50 to $60 per day-
old established: profits, $10 to $15 per day; full
Investigation before buying: will take good secur-
ity or trade; a snap: cheap. COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth st. ■ ...
V* * A N TED— RESTAURANTS AND RESTAU-
"» rant furniture: also lodging-houses; we have
plenty of money to speculate on bargains. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
IF YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO BUY, SELL,
trade or exchange, see us at once; will sell your
business In 3 dais or treat; we have snaps tor
buyers. Columbia, 1 28 Fourth st.
GROCERY' -STORE WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VJ" stock, doing large family 'trade. This Is a fine
opportunity 10 get gcod paying business. Partlcu-
lars of J. B. MI HAW, 509 Kearny st.
4£ IOX RESTAURANT: DOINGGoOD BUSI-
iiPl£-*J. ness: fine place for man and wife- av-
erage receipts $16 per day. . MEEKS <fc CO., 8651 A
Market st. . "
VTICE GENTS' FURNISHING AND NOTION
Xi store for sale, in the Mission; 3 years' lease*
price $750; $300 cash, the balance monthly. Ad-
dress C. A., box 58. Call Office.
ROCERY AND BAR; S LIVING ROOMS'
*J good location. Call at 28 Rausch St., bet. Sev-
enth and Eighth, Howard and Folsom.
TV" ANTFD— RESTAURANT CHEAP FOR
»' cash. Address 8., box a, this office.
fi{» 07 C GROCERY AND BAR. 813 BRYANT
QOlt>. street.
OAItDING-HOUSE; GOOD BARGAIN; ON
account of s c ness. Apply Call Office.
i-7^v BAKERY AND NOTION - STORE:
•IP I O. cheap: on account of leaving city; fine
location. Inquire at 1024 Leavenworth st.
MARTINEZ HOTEL — TO RENT. UNFUR-
nlshed: terms reasonable; 56 rooms; in good
order. . D. J. WEST. Martinez. Cal.
S»->7^ BUTt UER-SHOP, FIXTURES. 2
'.. — I >J . horses, wagon, cart; a whole outfit; old-
established, good trade. For particulars see
LUHRS BROS., 144 First st. '-■
Co MM I TKT K STOCK OF POULTRY RANCH
/ cheap; 400 thoroughbred fowls; close to local
train; East Oakland; low rent. E. HILL. Dono-
hoe building. . • - - ■ ■;.*-■■
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ lady of means, »35 capitaL 12 Mason st., rm. 2
C; -">•"*» (I PARTNER WANTED TO-DAY fIN
«J; _«JV'. Al saloon and lunch-house, or would
sell whole Interest: sickness the cause of selling;
no agent: receipts $12 to $14 a day. Address E.,
box 17, this office. _j
171 OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE,
F the finest restaurant and oyster-house in the
city; best location. Apply 112 Ellis, Tlvoli Oyster
Cafe. ' *" .. '
SALOON— WITH 2 ROOMS: A BARGAIN:
$275. Apply 735 Mission st. .
T?OR SALH CHEAP— BAKKiIY ANIn.oFFEr.
x saloon, with living-rooms; rentlow. 306 Fourth..
G-" OOD EVENING ROUTE. APPLY 1118
Green st before 9a.m. or after 2p. m. -
ARGAIN— OLD ESTABLISHED Cl-
gar. candy and notion store; large garden and
summer-house; opposite University gale, 'Berke-
ley: junction Telegraph-aye. electric road; cars
stop In front of store. Apply on premises.
UTCHER-SHOP, HORSE. HARNESS, CART,
XJ tools: cheap. Twentieth and Shotwell sts-
rpAILOH-SHOP FOR SALE; 1910 POLK. AP-
X ply at 207 Grant a.ye.
E-TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of -sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value In
locality, and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3281 Mission.
i.A.w H BaKcKY AND VARIETIES;
XJ good business; corner; 8 living- rooms: large
sunny yard. Apply 449 Guerrero st. '
SALOON: LONG LIfiASE AND • LOW RENT.
Apply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific
]i"OK SALE-LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
X grinding shop, well tooled up. 1003 Mission st.
ISAA{I CHICKEN RANCH IN PETALUMA:
«jpuv/v'. good Investment. Inquire Cosmopolian
Hotel, Petaluma.
p R OPPORTUNITY'— $5000 WILL PUR-
rnftl* 9*9 * retlrln & manager's interest, worth
$10,000. and secure permanent position on salary
in one of the greatest dividend-paying businesses
of the century: not a mine; serious illness com-
pels sacrifice; none but competent men with cash
considered. Address Chronos. box 67. Call Office.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M.. box 2, Call: ;
100 Bl ' T(1 « ER-SHOP; FIXTURES;
<IPX\JU. rent $18. 18U6 Howard su
ifOR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY', DYING
X and cleaning: good reasons for selling. Address
by letter C. BONN ARD, 218 Fourth St., Santa
Bos a.
■L-OR RENT, UNFURNISHED-THE -GRAN-
x ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
containing ' par or. dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and fine location:
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going Into the hotel business: extra inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom. Cal.
W ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
M » with us: wiU sell- It in 3 days or treat: we have
Fourth st klnCsof businesses. Columbia, 128
| ' SACKS I FOR SALE; NICE CLEA.f .
*'>'?» ■" J" 00 -- order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific »v, basement.
A SnV ?FtY S . FOR B CENTS -THB
•"•'* EEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
ATTOIiNEYS-AT^LAW^
A DVJCE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A t^PECt-
law .n \T'' P^Y*' 6 ! D «> charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, t , collectious, wills, deeds etc.. at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, atfy-at-law. 850 Market.
L R HhmLll>H hm LI I>S 7U7 U - ,-, AND STATE COURTS*;
»T7a K * E - titles and wills: money to loun on es-
tatgs; charges moderate.- Offices 508 California si
MJ. NOLEN, ATTORNE W." 719
. Market st. ; advice frea. •. • ; , •
•p J. MURRAY, ATT-Y AND COUNSELOR AT
■«• . law: advice free. ,24 Sixth au, rooms 14, 15.
W W -, D .AVIDSON, ATTORNE Y-A 1-LA W, 420
»» • Caluornia at., rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
T^ROOMsTfINE corner ?150
1 JlO-room house, worth $1000; price 400
40 rooms: fine for transient . 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., 0n1y...;.. 60(1
46 rooms on Market 5t........ *-."<•>
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
<>/! -ROOM CORNER HOUSE, 1000: WORTH
Z*± $2500: must, be sold. DEi KER. 1020 Market.
ROOMS, VERY NICE, ONLY ?200; 15
rooms, on O'Farrell St.. see it, $675; 36 rooms,
actually clears $100. $1500; otner bargains.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market si. ■■
dHilUt LODGING-HOUSE: 36 WELL-FUR^
<JJ) I \J\J. nished rooms; rent $75: long lease;
fine location; north or and near Market St.; house
filled; pin- ing $150 clear per month; rare bargain.
KENNY & CO., 765 Market
m»Qnnn 50 ROOMS, ALL FURNISHED;
tJn^UUv". doing good business: situated on Mis-
sion st. . HICKOK & CO.. 8731/3 Market st.
OQ WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OR-
~.<* gan: low rent; bareain. 1 iro,-ery. 40 Sixth su
J-'UKNITUKE for SALE. ~~
«JP J.OU. Change, box 34, this oiiice.
O BE SOLD CHEAP— FURNITURE OF ?
rooms; no dealers. 32 Grove st., first flat.
FURNITURE OF 2 ROOMS AND KITCHEN
' for sale. 275 Clara st. .
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOII
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or lime: open evenings.
T7IIRE SALE .' . ! ~~~ "
X? Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. I
Oak bed 5eta....,.,.,,,,... ..,.,, 91 .*■!
Bed lounges..... ■ 8 00
Stoves 7 so
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard • 10
Till our new building is erected these prices wIU
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at KE. corner be veil and Mission sis. J.
NOON AN. ■ -
A(\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14
rr\J\J stoves. $5: parlor sets,' $20: foldlne-h«U
gin; bod- onn'ges. $7. T. I). MCCARTHY 112 4th,
KIKNITLRK WANTED. '"
"qecond-iiand furniture wanted to
O fill country orders; I . will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. • P
ALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 601 CALIFORNIA,
\J if you want highest cash price for your furnl-
ture. carpets, pianos or • merchandise of' any kind.
AM A LONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, i Fourth su
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X tnre and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
KFOKE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Mar,, -v
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
» ture. saloons and merchandise; highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1185 Market; tel. Jes-tiw 78L
CARPKT CLEANING.
p REAT E ASTER^TsTEASrcXRPET CLEAN-
\X Ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Uran'T.
JONES Ctl CARPET - CLEANING AND
O renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
pARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD; LAID 3d
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON. 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»* poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tebama st. ; lei. So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET SEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
PITYSTKAMCARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
vJT Ing works: latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEOROE.offlce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253 L
pARPEJS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth- tel.
fcoulh 36. D. MACKINTOSH * Co.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 210
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. ' Tel. Mission 74,
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RES-
. ovatinit works. 453 Stevenson: U»l. south 224
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TTP RIGHT FOR SALE ' CHEAP: 220
»J Seventh st.
(JJj |A ROSEWOOD UPRIGHT FOR SALE
<jP~IU. on $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
\<l AGXIFICENT GRAND UPRIGHT PIANO;
i'L Mallet it Davis makers; 'sold to pay cost and
charges. 1921 Sacramento st.
A FEW MORE DAYS ARE LEFT IN WHICH
to take advantage of the great annual May
clearance sale of pianos an I musical Instrument
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market St.
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post st. .
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious warerooius at 933 Market st.. opposite
Mason: bargains in different makes to save ex-
penses of removal.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ <& Gerts and Knabe pianos:, at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Po»: at. .
LOSING ■ OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 35: mandolin*, $3 35; guitars. $3-
antoharps, ?1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin out tits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building.
s£ I <■>,-. FINE CHIQKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
<?-»-•"<-'• McAllister st., next to HH>ernia Bank.
SOHMER. STECK, STEINW AY, STATHAM
second-hand tfprighta 1 cheap. 106 McAllister.
(2;|()A Marshall upright: Sherwood
<"pIUU. upright, $150. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO,, STEINWAY REP-
0 resentatives, show Hie largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades ana
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed las represented. Kearny and Suiter.
SHAW, $575; STEIN WAYi' $216; SQUARE.
*l's: rented $'_' up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st. .
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st. .•
pHICKEKINO.KNABK. STKCK. VOSK. BTKB,
v 7 ling pianos: see our new piano Jorf 187: pianos
:or renu BENJ. CUKTAZ <fc SON. 16 O'Farre'.i.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER.
Nev.-by A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD NEW
0 H. l.l. Kit. maker, repairer, S Latham Dlaca.
_ | ____ j^^^^^^^_X^KSES. ■_ -
OR^SALE^GOOD STRONG DELIVERY"
horse: drive single or' double; cheap. Apply
159 Second st. iy
ORSE AND DELIVERY WAGON, WITH
harness, cheap; only $60: also 1 dozen fancy
chickens. Apply 2425 Gough a:., near Broadway
AUCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
A wagons, harness, etc.. at ' Derby stables. 645
Geary, cor. Leavenworth.evprr Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
VfICE BLACK SADDLE HOBS'. FOR SALE.
-LI Gllmore Bros.' stable, Twelfth and Mission sts.
r,f)n SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAB-
«-'""-' ness; all kinds; buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
A- rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
1I k 11UK8KS Fuii SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
"jv7 buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Uorsa
Market, 3J7 Sixth su; auction sales every Wedn&*
day. SULLIVAN «fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCO-
Iar. The Hyde 'Ranch. '63o Commercial nu
1 -KTS NEW A..L ON D-il A N llA.i-
XtJ\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses auj
tempers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission St.
I". C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SOR-
l^eon for S. F. Police Depar>menU Office and
hospital. V.'l I. 'ltv lla!! aye.: telethon" ?oi:;li 41)1.
"WAGONS AND CAKItIAGES. ■
FOR RENT- FIRST-CLASS CAMP WAGON;
suitable for 4 persons: with baggage, eic;
with or without stove and tent, L. F. SALBACH,
310 Kan Channel St., Stockton.
O IA 5 "-TOP CUCTO IV - I'll A ETON GOOD
Oas new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market. '
QLIGHTLY SOILED •• DiR I V TNG GLOVES;
0 samples. H. M. HEINE MAN, 109 Sansome at.
VfEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN^
■A.' dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 line boggles. 828 Harrison st. ■ . .
" ~~~ DENTISTS. 77
I'Ti^ST^CLASS^DjtN TTstlTy r^FTRST^cTASS
X 1X 1 prices;' first-class results: painless extractloa
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. c. HAR-
DING, CM.. M.D., 500 Suiter St., corner Powell.
R. DUCKETT, 170.1 Po 1 >1., At.utiiu"
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
R.L. T. l RANS6— EX TRACTION PAINLESS?
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. • 103 Geary st., < or. Grant avo.
CI4OOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket. bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth,
Inn $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas
HONEsr WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTI.E. 623 Montgomery, rm. 1.
C7A SET FOR TEETH i WARRANTED A3
«4P I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS.
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
|\R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST"
XJ near Eleventh; no charge ior extracting whe«
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
L"ULL txail OF 1 Xt; Hi. $7; WARRANTED
J live years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 sixth su
QET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. . 1_
O'4. YDT^O, 1841 Polk SU . ■-' •--;
' I \ U - I.EORUK «. . LEEK. TUB (4KNUINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractloa
and patentee of . improved > bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to 'i 0 O'Farrell au
Pi INI. K ss "EXTRACTION^ 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up: 13 vearV
experience. R. L. WaLoH. D.D.S., 815^ Ueary.
■ lit. ii. H. SHAW. 224 KEARNY — BRIiHJE-
XJ work a specialty; open evening 7:30 to 9. |
'■I >OITOiV DENTAL ASSOCIATION. «Ob MAlt
'.^ ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET," COR. GOLDEN
Gate ave.— Open' evenings; , Sundays till nona. :
ALL WORK REASONABLE AKD~WI*
ruted. ; DR. J. W. KJfiY. lisa Market v.__ r _ CITY KEAL ESTATE.
/""» H. t'MBaKN dTc'O. ~" ~-~-~-~— ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Office and salesrooms, 14 Montgomery st, near
. Market.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
We will offer at auction, by order of executors,
Monday. June 16, Ims*6. at 12 o'clock noon,
at our salesrooms, building at 660 Bryant su.
bs:. Fourth and Fifth, and leasehold, which has
about nine years yet to run. Further particulars
at office. . *^
SKE OUR AD. OF IMPORTANT REAL ESTATE
AUCTION IN ANOTHER COLUMN.
PROPERTIES AT PRIVATE SALE. BAR
GAINS. ■ •
bargain ON PACIFIC heights.
Q7700 WASHINGTON, ST. -OLD im-
!£• • v ' v '- provements- of little value; 50x
1-7:814: the lot alone Is worth more than the
priev naked.
GRAND PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER.
ft 000 I 'XKQUALED MARINE
«J).I.U.UVIU.. views; corner lot, 50x137:6.
INVESTMENT ON SHIPLEY ST.
s<*>\>-"\n 2 -FLATS OF 5 AND 4 ROOMS
tj!__U\J. and bath each: 26x75.
MISSION LOT; BARGAIN.
1 700 O5 ST ST - : BUSINESS LOCATION;
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
.Q.4.7^0 BUSINESS CORNER IN THE
«4^^riU\J. Mission. 2-s:ory house; store and
Bat: bay-windows: brick foundation, etc.; 26x100;
good business locality; cause of sale, owner de-
sirous of going in the country.
BEST BARGAIN IN THE CITY.
V<4()nn "TH ST.. HALF BLOCK FROM
V)Y )^ vvv -'« Market st: street accepted by the
my: 3-story house; could be converted Into 6 flats
at little expense and be made to pay at least 10
percent net oi the Investment; large lot, 30x115;
present mortgage ot $3000 at 7 per cent can re-
main if desired; this is a grand snap,
» NICE FLATS: VERY CHEAP.
©..±^oo RKNT $540 PER ANNUM; 3 SUB-
'•'VI \J . stamlal flats In perfect condition;
street accepted; well situated in the Mission;
"5x91:6.
MIST BE SOLD TO SETTLE AN ESTATE.
kstfi^A FLINT ST » NEAR CASTRO ST.;
tIrOOU. large lot.
WESTERN ADDITION — GRAND PAYING
• INVESTMENT.
Ql fv 000 RE:s 'T $146 PER MONTH: 4
L>}.v'\J\i . new mod m hous so 2flatseach,
etc.: flats alone cost $14,000 to build only 4 years
ago: lot 82:6x110; must be sold.
ONE OF THE LOVELIEST CORNERS IN
THE ■ ITY.
QOAfIA A GRAND CORNER RESIDENCE
*~ V/UVJ. of 12 rooms and bath; br.ck founda-
tion: stone walks; street accepted; beautiful lawn
and garden: 60x92:6: fine views; mongate of
£61/00, at 6 per cenu can remain if desired; corner
on the Nob Hill of the Mission.
ANOTHER Bargain.
Si 1 L\()(\ NEARLY NEW EASTLAKE COT-
•JI-l \J \J. tageor4 rooms and bath: bay-win-
dows, brick foundation, etc.: large lot, 26 :1x114-
sunny side of "street; near several lines of cars;
will be sold on easy terms.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
<S«£.XAA CHOICE LOCATION: 60x102
*H)*JU\J\J. Washington st. ; grand marine views:
this is cheap.
HALF BLOCK FROM MISSION-ST. ELECTRIC-
CARS.
Si 1 I ~\C\ COTTAGE 4 ROOM 8; HIGH BABE-
«ipiIOU. ment, etc.; near 26th at; 25x122:6-
BARGAIN ON FELL STREET.
©y^AA 2 SUBSTANTIAL BAY-WINDOW
*^}<JU\J\J. houses of 7 and 6 rooms and bath
each: room for another house: present rent $60
per month; can be Increased at least 50 per cent
at a small outlay; street accepted ; 55x137:6.
MONTGOMERY-AVEN UE INVESTMENT.
V 1 A 000 COMPARATIVELY NEW IM- j
« n.uuu. provements: stores and flats:
well rented; $135 per month; this is one 01 the
best paying investments of its kind In the city for
Bale.
BUSINESS CORNER IN THE MISSION.
Q/IKOO STORE AND 4 ROOMS AND
tJtOUU. bath and flat of 7 rooms and bath;
1:9x79: corner on San Jose aye., near Valencia si.
SMALL WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT
Q9400 KENTS246 PER ANNUM; 2 FLATS
<p— iV/V/. and lot 25x90: street accepted.
MUST BE SOLD TO SETTLE AN ESTATE.
< J XAA KENT $42 MONTH; 2 FLATS
T:OVfV7. of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each, and
rear house; 25xS0; Western Addition.
BUCHANAN-STREET BUILDING LOT.
Q97^\O NEAR GOLDEN GATE AYE.;
ijp—' I O\J. 18x137:6: street accepted by the
city : good location for fiats. :
LIBERTY HEIGHTS.
©QFWk EACH: 21ST ST.; 2 LEVEL LOTS,
<IP ( *-»^' each 25x114; on grade; fine views; are
offered at a sacrifice.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOTS.
Q- en EACH: BoYCE ST., NEAR GEARY-
*QiO<J\J s t cable; 2 lots, each 25x120.
OCEAN VIEW.
t'^d HALF A BLOCK FROM ELECTRIC
<tSOJU. road; 46:8x125.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records,
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city.
O. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery at
~T M. SPECK <fc CO., 602 MARKET ST.: j
-iV. choice investments; choice investments. I
Lots on Pu Lobos avenue: any offer wanted. Lots '
suitable for factory purposes at your own price.
160 io:s lor building sites at convincing prices.
COXA LOT 25x111 FT., ON 27TH ST.;
<J — O\J. worth $500.
S4OO LOT 26x120 FT ' 1 RICHMOND; ON
CO£-A NEAT MODERN COTTAGE;
«Ir 1 VOV ' . near Markeu
Q9OOO FLATS AND REAR COTTAGE:
%±l£i\J\J\J . near Leavenworth st
Q9OOO, LOT 25x100 FT., ON OAK; PA
O— UUU. handle.
Q9^\ofl 2 GOOD FLATS, NEAR 7TH AND
•iDiiiJUU. Folsom.
QQOOO 4 NICE FLATS: RENTS $33;
OOVJVJVJ. near 12th and Market.
QQO/in FINE HoME: VICINITY HAIGHT
<t^}OO\'\J. and Flllmore (foreclosure).
QIOOO 14- ROOM GOOD HOUSE AND LOT;
•_ l\J\l\J. near 4th and Mission sis.; rents $40.
Q^fkOO CORNER; 2 11 USES ON LEAV-
kvOTJ\J\J. enworth: lot 50x90 ft.
Q7^oo 6 FLATS: REN Th 872; WITHIN
O I »J\J\J. sight of Hibernia Bank.
V j/| I'M If) ' UK ' STOKER AND FLATS;
C-LU.UUU. lot 40x80; rents $76; a grand buy.
Ql 9 000 CORNER (NEW), 6 FLATS;
'DXA.\JVJ\J. rents $116: all rented.
< 1 9 firm FLATS: LOI' 40x60; WITHIN
Cl-.UUU. block of Orpheum.
Old 000 BUSINESS PROPERTY; LOT
OII.WU. 50x80 ft.: good Improvements:
within a block of Tavlor and Market: rents $100.
Ql£ 0(10 BUSINESS PaOPERTY ON
OIO.UUU. Foisomsu; lot 50x80 feet; rents
$125.
Q4-9 000 CORNER LOT, 68x137:6 FEET;
•C x— . \J\J\J. all well Improved (modern) ; rents
$350; offer wanted.
("all and make Known your wants.
A. M. SPECK * CO.. 602 Market St.
McAfEE BBOTHEBB, ~~
1U REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
©1 7 9^A O'FARRELL ST., NR. OOUGH:
tJP I. J ._<JU. anew well-built house of 3 flats,
with all modern electrical and other appliances-
in first-class neighborhood and well rented; rents
$1320 per annum; might exchange for property
downtown; lot 27:6x137:6; a veiy desirable prop-
erty.
QQOOO PAYS 1 PER CENT PER MONTH:
»j ii7\JVJ\J. corner Green st , nr. Kearny: store
and apartments: Rood improvements; rents well:
a fine Investment
QROOO oo EVr , S AD l :RO ST., NEAR BUSH;
•TOUUU. 26:«x137:6: house of 2 flats and
Stable in rear; rents $570 per annum; Devisadero
Is becoming an important business street.
©XOOO BRODERICK »T., NEAR WASH-
«Jp«-»vIUU. Jngton; cottage of 6 rooms and base-
ment, bath, etc.: repainted, papered and put in
first-class condition; see this deslrablr> home In
choice neighborhood; lot 25x87:6.
' 4 000 FULTON ST., N. SIDE • NEAR
«JpTV/V/V/. Buchanan; neat cottage and lot: rent-
ing tor $348 per annum to 2 tenants; street work
done and accepted. ■
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st . ■
Ql 900 HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS: MODERN
tgjl^'yryj. improvements: 2 corner lots; one
minute from depot. Address P. BLAGROVE,
Golden Gate, Berkeley.
NLY $500~ CASH, BALANCE AS RENT;
new and handsomely decorated residence near
Panhandle; every convenience: marine and park
view; the choicest of any; cannot.be obstructed:
every room sunny. Apply on premises, X 203 Fut-
ton ; take Hayes or McAllister st. cars to the park.
T.IOR BALK ON EAS\ TKUMB- NEW COT-
X 1X 1 tage: 7 rooms: bath: porcelain bathtub; all
latest Improvements: <-crn sidewalk; ot. 25x
106. X9O Noe St., nr. 22d : owner on premises-
»l OH Cash ; lance me aS RENT;
<UP 1 \J v/ cheap cottage home in Mission. Me-
EWEN IUtOS^ 113 Montgomery st.
C«Q7OO' FINE PLJck FOR A TEAMSTER,
«]?«J I uU. near Bryant and Sixth sts.: 2-story
house of 7 rcoms: stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons:
street accepted ; size 37:fix80. JAMES W. COLE-
M AN, 24 Montgomery st. • „
AN ELEGANT I A.' WOOD BEDROOM SET
for sale cheap. 843 Castro su •■■.;«;
"© v fi n >E W COTTAGE AND LOT: FIVE
tjpo\i\j. rooms: hard finished. Inquire LBIB-
Kii'S grocery ore, 3480 Mission su, near Thirty-
first. ' ■
Q i"7Cn^FOK 6-ROOM COTTAGE ; BAY-
«iP 1 I •)'' window; „ brick foundation: lot 4(jx
140. Precita aye., opp. Capp st., bet. Howard and
Mission: bargain.
Ql J^O AXE CHANCE FOR A HOME;
vDXIiJIJ. new 2-s-ory.fOttoge 7 rooms; oorner
lot, 60x50. Holly Park; small payments, same as
"sat. CADJKNASSO A CO., 612 .Montgomery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE. . _ ;
M"~ """aIMSON "~. & '.' BURKE^ REAL ESTATB
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
©1 *V 000 KENT $1584 PER ANNUM;
1 i).Uuu, excellent improvements; lot 50x
ISO; two frontages; situated on Sutler at., near
Buchanan. ■ ■ ■ -
©1 9 000 MAGNIFICENT BUSINESS
iDIii.UUU. corner on Fillmore at, 29:6x100,
entirely covered with substantial Improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
HOME ON HAVES ST.: ON .V $3000 ASKED:
J L an offer solicited; 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x72:6. f
/CHOICE CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME, SUNNY
\J side, near Steiner: 2 frontages; term-t easy;
will take lot In part payment: owner leaving city.
VAN NESS A VENUE, CLOSE TO MARKET
V street; an elegant business corner: paying a>
large income. .
<ttQ IAA 80x72; CORNER POLK AND LOM-
«J>OIUU. bard; reduced from $6000. MADI-
SON & BURKE.
Ci 1 ?v OO.fi WASHINGTON, SE. CORNER
«JMt).UUU. Maple; 92x114:9: store and I-
story building; grand view.
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST.. NR. LOTT;
-L 9 rooms and bath: all modern conveniences;
26x137:6: only $7260. MADISON A BURKE.
©££n,M WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVISA-
t^XJOKJyf. dero— rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127 A MADISON A BURKE.
GMP*AA EVERETT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
ij)4uuU. 4 nice flats; rents $56; lot 37:6x80.
©PiOfiO BAKER. NEAR BUTTER; 2
CIUUUU. Hats; rents $38; lot 25x72:6.
<3!£nAA PAGE, NEAR BRODERIOK; HESI-
(JUUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath ; lot 25x
87 :6. MADISON A BURKE.
© nAHft 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
tT«>UUU. Ridley; rents $44: lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
QfiP\OO CLEMENT, NR. 3D AYE.; DOU-
(IPUUUU. ble cottage and 2-story house, pro-
ducing large income: lot 60x100.
<&7OnO RUBS. NEAR FOLSOM; 2 HOUSES,
<^ I U"U. 60x100; well rented for $63 per
month; part of lot still vacant
©IQnn HILL, NEAR CHURCH: NICE
OiOUU. home; 25x114; cottage, 4 rooms.
QO^nO 9TH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA; 2
*Ir-— O\J\J . flats 4 rooms acd bath each: rents
$25; 10125x120.
0.9000 JONES. NR. CHESTNUT: COT-
«IpiWW. tage 4 rooms; rents *14; lot 20x68:9.
©99fWl REDUCED; LARGE INCOME;
O—— v v. Shipley, nr. 6th; 2 flats; lot 25x76.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$15.000— Capp and 19th; corner: 125x122:6.
190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages; will sell
in subdivisions.
$8000— Washington, nr. Spruce; grand marine
view: 50x127:8.
$4500— 24 th, NE. cor. Vlcksburg; 60x114.
14000-65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$2 700 -BrodTick. near Busu; E. side; 30x103,
with tank and stable.
$3500- Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
$3250 — Hayes, nr. Fill more: 25x137:6.
$240')— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:8x105. i
$2200 — Lyon. near Grove; 26x100. /
52050-Rldley. near Scott: 25x117:6.
$2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderick; re-
due, d from (3000.
$180 '-.Noe, near 18th: 25x110.
$2100— Mission st. .opposite Cortland ay.: 26x84. i
$1350 — nr. Hermann: 25x77:6; part cash.
$1300-19 th, near Sanchez: 1:5x114.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114. v
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market sU
A. H. Lissak. o. F. Yon Rhsiv. !
OF. YON RHEIN A CO., REAL ESTATE •
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Broken, 613 '
California streeu
$16,000— Larkin. near California: 40:6x87:6; 8
story bay-window house, containing basement !
stores an<i flats, with rear houses; rents $139.
$15,000— McAllister, near Buchanan; 63:9 x
187:6: 2 flats, store and coal yard: rents $105.
$12,000— Page, near Hough, to Rose ay*.; 27:6 x ;
120: 2 flats In front and 2 in rear: rents $76.
$6000— Leaven worth and Lombard; 40x97:6;
new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath; cash
$1000; balance at purchaser's convenience.
*1 1.000— Page, near Octavia: 27x120 to Lily •
aye- ;■ 2-story fiats; 15 rooms and 2 baths : rents <
fliO-
y $10,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6; fine resi- \
dence. 12 rooms and bath.
$9000— near Greenwich: 40x137:6; 4 new ■
bay-window flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bain each ;
rents $95.
ffcOOO— Howard, near 23d: 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
$8000— i olsom, near 16th; 60x101; S-story '
bouse: 20 rooms; rents $55.
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot ;
22x65:9; 2 flats: 10 rooms; rents $30.
$7000— Jessie, near 4th; 25x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
$7000— Chestnut near Dupont; 40x122:6 to
Pff-iffer: double 2-story house on each frontage;
rents $64; win sell either frontage. *
$6600— Oak. near Lamina: 27:6x120 to rear j
street: 2-story " House, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 50.
$6500— near Post; 18x55; 2-story house;
7 rooms and bath; rents $31 60.
Mission, near 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley: store and flat above.
$6000— Va leio, near Sansome; 36x57:6; 4-story
tenements; rents $57.
$5500— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60: brand '
new cottage; all modern Improvements; 6 rooms .
and bath.
$5200— Vallejo, near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6:
twoiront and one rear house; IB rooms' ana oath;
: rents $46.
$10 ju— San Jose aye., near 24th St.; 27x175; 8
rooms and tath: fine grounds.
$5000-Jones, near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 8-'
story residence: 10 rooms.
$4500-Broderlck and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
house: 6 rooms and bath.
*4200— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6; cottage, S
rooms and bath.
$3500— Bartletl, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story '
house, 7 rooms and bath.
. ' $3600— Gough and Lombard; 68x84; private i
residence.
,s33so— Vallejo and San Antonio, near Kearny;
19:6x57:6: 3-story flats: rents $25.
$3300— Larkin. bet. Filbert and Greenwich; 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 50; easy
terms: 2z:8x99. . ■••...
*3000— Pacific, near Hyde: 20x73; 2 flats; rents
$26. ■  ,v>- ■-.,
$2500 — Le Roy place, near Sacramento st: 22:4.
x&8:9: 2-story house, 2 flats, 10 rooms: rents $20.
$2400— Kennebec, near Jefferson; 60x70; Gift
Map No. 2; 2 cottages; 9 rooms and bath; rent * 2.
$1750— Fairmount Tract; Arlington, near Mi-
guel: 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms.
$1600— Moulton, near Montgomery and Green; ;
22:6x62:0: 2-story house: 2 flats; rents $18.
?1330— Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70; cottage, 5
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
76 ; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED. '
Valencia, near 25th-st railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army ; 3 lots on 27th and
5 lots on Dolores.
$1675— 23 d and Kansas: 25x100.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th; 60x75.
$2260— Clay, near Baker: 26x105.
81900-25tn, near Noe: 60x114; will subdivide.
$1600— Stanyan, near Grattan; 26x80, Increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
to Kllen.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st:
20x65 to rear street.
$900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 26x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lota, block R, Serpen-
tine road. ■ • •
$500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sia; 50x100: will subdivide.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th; 100x100.
Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x140.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
114. .Tiw&feidfiSXMMßSHi
JOHN PFORR, 323 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
O S fe Deposit, offers for sale:
$i 6.000—. 000— Fine downtown brick improved cor-
ner, renting at $325 per month. '
$2250-Flve-room cottages, between the Mission
and Potrero: lot 25x100.
Only $ilOO— Masonic aye, north of Frederick
St.: lot 25x106:3; all on the grade.
Reduced to $12,500— Howard ■«., near 4th; B-
storr ; -i stores and rooms upstairs; lot 30x80. •
$8000— Page St., near Baker and the Park; ,
nearly new; 8 rooms; lot 27:8x137:6.
. $6800— Fine corner, near Ellis and Webater
2^torr: bay-window: lot 24x9.v. rent $40.
$2000— 30 th st.: 6-room house; lot 25x126.
*7000— Rent $60: Folsom-st. boulevard: 3-story I
house, store and 2 flats; lot 28x100.
$4000— Minna st., near New Montgomery: will
be a business pla c; house B rooms; lot 30x65. -
$3000— Natoma su ; 2-story; 8 rooms: lot 25x70-
rent 999.
$/8,500— A snap: the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th sts. ; a block of 2-story, bay-window
houses; 3 stores and 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
«5l i nn : m a . l 8. 0 ., i!,! ,c 5 nroomn ro0m cottages on 17th su ; lot
65x100; rent $2280 per annum.
'• $37,000— paying property on one of the 1
business streets leading to the Park; paying $300
p?r month, and win greatly Improve In value.
$3000— 7 th St., near Brannan; lot 25x75. with
Improvements: renting at $30.
$2000-5 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th st
near Valencia. . . . - .'  ,'
, UNIMPROVED.
$3200— Haight St., n<>ar Baker: 25 or 50 by 110.
3100— Corner on Ullmore st. 24x82.
*1250-25x80; 241h su. near Dolores.
$800— Noe at., near 30th; lot 38-6x75.
$3500— Lot 75x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eureka
s!». ; make offer.
BR .ADWAY. GOUGH; 6 ROOMS, BATH; I
25x133; cheap. '
'i Corner Octavia and Vallejo; 8 rooms, bath-
25x112:6; half cash. ' '
Golden (iateave., nr. Lagunast.; Grooms, bath* •
27:6x120. . .-
92250— Florida St.; 7 rooms: 26x100.
Sacramento si., nr. Devisadero; cottage, 6 rooms,
bath: 23x132:6. '
LOTS. LOTS. . LOTS.
$2250— C0r. Castro and Jersey sts.; 80x70. "
*hf.O— Mi St., fir. Brazil; 2&x83:6.
$80 St., nr. Sanchez; 35x125
- 25th St., nr. Dolores: 50x114. .
Boswortli St.. nr. Mission road: 25x100.
Laid.ey st., nr. Roanoke: 2Jxloo.
Cor. 20th and Dtamoni st». : 110x125.
Cheap lots In all the homesteads. .
 W. H. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery st.
FiR HALE— S4O,OOO: HOUSE OF » FLATS
410 to 414 Taylor st; mid Hat furnished;
owner going abroad,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ALDWIN A HAMMOND. ~ ~~
- Send for complete printed list ot lots for sale.
<fl>qf*nn SOUTH PARK. SR. • 3D ST.;
tfrOOVJVt. large lot 42x117:6, with 2-story
double bouse and rear cottage 6 rooms. ■
©77^0 larkin st., bet. Sacramento
»_ I I wv. and Clay; 3 flats 6. 6 and 8 rooms
and bath each; rented for $67; lot 25x103.
©Q9KA JACKSON ■ST., NR. POWELL; 8
<Jp£/.£cm. flata of 7, 7 and 8 rooms and bath
each; rent, $80; bargain. '
©fi^nn NR. DOUGLAS ; 2-STORY
i^\)O\J\J. building containing 2 nice flats, 6
and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; cost 56250 to build; rent
$45: large lot i- _•
®f'(\ 000 HYDE ST., NOT FAR FROM
K^\J\J.\J\J\Jm sutler; entire 60-vara lor, covered
with fine improvements; renting for $436; make
an offer.
©onnn ELLIS st., near pierce: 2-
tJpO' '\J\J. atory and I aieinent residence of 10
rooms, with all modern conveniences also fine
amble used for children's playroom: 10. 27:6 x
137:6. ■ - .
© 9 lAn EIGHTEENTH ST., BET. CHURCH
O— iIVJU. and Sanchez: cottage 4 rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x100; very cheap place.
©EOCn VERY EASY TERMS; ONLY $500
*£<O — O\'. cash, balance same as rent; Locust
St., near Washington: new bay-window cottage of
6 rooms and bath: lot 26x137:6.
<S9O Hfin LEAVEN WORTH- ST. COR-
Is £.\J .\J\J\J . ner; modern 3-story bnildlng con-
taining 6 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
rent $182 60; lot 45x90.
$1Q 000 BUSH-sr. CORNER; 2 2-STORY
A u.yjyjyj buildings, one containing 8 rooms
and bath, the other 9 rooms and bath; lot 103
x 20.
9Q fiOO JACKSON ST., NEAR LEA V-
.\J\J\J . en worth; 4 modern 2-story build-
ings consisting of 8 ' flats, containing 5 and 6
rooms, bath, etc., each; total rent $210; lot
72x138.
©-IQCA BIG BARGAIN IN MODERN
<ip~lOU\J. flats: 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
Uiton su, near Lyon; rent $516 per annum: lot
25x137:6.
©Q9p:n 19 lots ON J st., BET. eigh-
<pOiiUU. teenthand Nineteenth, ayes.; 2 cor-
ners; big bargain.
©I i 000 PACIFIC AYE., NEAR FlLL-
<s)■*- X ,\J\J\J more su ; 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; lot 35x128.
©9?i 000 HANDSOME CORNER RESI-
«jp._ U.\JVJ\J. dence; Washington St., near La-
guna; contains 15 rooms and all modern Improve-
ments; extra large sunny lot
WHSTERN ADDITION LOTS.
©.9000 FINE NE. COR.; CASTRO AND
<J)_UUU. Elisabeth; 28:6x105; a bargain;
street work done.
SKfiOO LOT NEAR COR. OF 12TH AND
tIPOUU. Market sts.: a big bargain.
©Of^nO CALIFORNIA ST., BET. BAKER
%lpOtJ\J\J. and Lyon; 25x137:6. ,
Q. 1 OAA LOMBARD ST., NEAR VAN NESS
J OUU. are.; 25x137:8.
©1 Qfin DE LONG AYE, NB. TB-DEBICK
«3>±OOU. st; 30x8f».
©COX BTH AYE., BET. I AND J STS.;
<I>U_U. 25x120.
fIfcQ^AEACH; POINT LOBOS AYE., NR.
(tIpOOU 23d aye. ; 6 lots, each 25x100; must be
sold.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st
"RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
pOINT LOBOS, CLIFF HOUSE, 41ST, 42D
-L and 43d ayes.; choice lots on electric-car line;
grand water view.
GORE LOT; 650 FEET MAIN FRONTAGES
on Point Lobos, Cliff House, 42dand 43d ayes. ;
grand ocean view.
ffi;XfW|A D ST. BUSINESS CORNER-N.
<ir«J\JUU. line of park, near cars, ocean and
Cliff House.
©£00 LOTS— AYE., AT SUTRO'SELEC-
«IPUUU trie-car house.
BERNAL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS, COR.
Seigeland Powbattan aye. ; easy payments.
C. H. REYNOLDS** CO..
• 323 Montgomery at
©_000 NEW RESIDENCE OF 7 ROOMS.
«jp-± '\J\r, bath and modern improvements; lot
28x125: half cash, balance at 6Vfe percent interest.
Apply BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
..„'-, 10 Montgomery St.,
Or 15 Chattanooga at., nr. 21at
PLKNDID .., : " ; ~r~-
IjUILDING LOTS
AT EXTKKMELY LOW PRICES. '
FRONTING THE PARK (H ST.)
FRONTING I ST. .
FBONTI HTH AYE.
FRONTING lorn aye.
We desire to call to your attention the block
bounded as above; we believe that if you will give
this property your consideration you will be fa-
vorably impressed with its aesirabUlty either for
investment or residence purposes: the block has
been graded: gas and water is piped to the prop-
erty; the s'nets are on the olilciat grade.
PRICK $760 AND UPWARD.
Tr.RMS— $5O CASH, 810 MONTHLY.
Remember, this property faces the park at the
Nlnth-iive entrance and is very close to the site
for the affiliated colleges; send for a diagram.
BALDWIN A. HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery St.
Q7 LOTS .SOLD. I ~~ ~ ™
O I 18 LOTS LEFT,
IF YOU WANT ONE BE QUICK.
llth and 12th ayes., bet. California and Lake
su.: $700— 550 cash, $10 monthly; streets all
sewered, graded and macadamized; water pipes
laid; level and ready to build on; on the line of
the Cailiornla-su cars and one block from Sutro
electric line; go to-day and see them; cheapest
lots In Richmond.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
UILDING LOTS, ' " ~"
With the street-work done.
On the line of an electric road. '
$350 to $400.
$5 cash and 95 monthly.
BETTER GO AND SEE THEM
Beat lots in the city at the prices.
Take the Uuerrero-street cars -
(Mission or Valencia transfer at 14th)
Ride to Chenery and Castro sis.
AGENT ON THE GROUND TO SHOW PROP-
»-rty.
130 lots have been sold in the past 5 months,
and quite a number of houses have been erected.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery at.
Ali HOBIOEB. j__ LOUIS A. SODC.
T A. SOUC A CO.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once.
J>X?LAA 25x80: VALENCIA ST.; A SNAP;
ig)OxJ\J\J. bay-window house 8 rooms; bath; In
good order: should be turned into business prop-
erty, which could be done at small cosu
©JAOn 3"* 114: HERK IS A CHANCE TO
<"pT:«JUV. secure an elegant home lit the warm
belt of the Mission on ea\v terms: $2000 cash, bal-
ance can remain; bay-window house of 8 rooms
bath, laundry; all in Al order; street biluminlzed'
worth $6000.
(2&&||fr . '-'5x90; MISSION ST.. NR. 20TH;
iZptJO\J\J> house of 8 rooms and bath; could at
small cost lie converted into A 1 business property*
the lot Is worth more money.
<S:47nn '^5x114: lOT 1 1 ST., NR. VALENCIA-
»~ "t I \J\J. the cheapest flats In the Mission:
modern bay-window flats of 6 and 7 room* and
bath; launary and basement: street work all don,-
*. noOO 2 , 1 14: \°T. 11 ST - NEAR valenl
>)O\J\l. cla; bay-window bouse: 8 rooms and
bath; $3500 can remain on morose.
© I 9 A, .A COR. GUERRERO AND 20TH-
.TblZ.UI'U. Lot 76:6x105; elegant bay-win-
dow house: 8 rooms, bath: salon parlors: large
grounds and stable. Look at this and make
AN OFFER, AS IT MUST GO
I OOK AT THOSE LOTS ON ARMY ST., NR
J Folsom we offer for $650; 25x185; street
sewered and graded. ,
Our list comprises some of the beat property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home-
steads; also good business corners in any part of
the Mission ; call and get a list and prices.
If yon want your vacant houses rented place
them with us. ' . .-'-'
L. A. sol C & CO., ; 465 and 467 Valencia at.
near Sixteenth.
TTOUSE RENT ONLY $6 20 A MONTH.
How can that be? Easy enough.. That Is the
average monthly interest, on a -6-room and bath
house including lot on the Herman Tract, routine
$2 WO. You pay »400 down, balance $25 monthly
Interest, first - month, . $12 25. decreasing to
nothing the last month, making an average of
$6 20 per month: the balance of the *25 a month
pays the purchase price. You can't rent such a
home for less than $25 a n onth. Save now while
you are younir, and yon will have a home paid for
long brfor»'y"U are old. > Go out and see the prop-
erty and ihe homes that have been built. Over bO
houses on the tract.' Take Castro-street car, trans-
ferring at Twenty-second su- Mr. Cotter, our agent
will show you around. . *
'- \ JACOB HEYMAN,
s ■ „ ■ ■ 11 -Montgomery st"
n 60-VARAB ON THE APICX AND pTn~
U na<!e. of the choicest residence site in this city
for sale either in bO-varas or subdivisions- lo-
cation. Clay and octavia sts.; marine view on
north, east, south and we.it, impossible of obstruc-
tion; must be seen to be elated.
•- This property Is the famous Lafayette Park, now
known as Jlollada- Heights. Title absolutely
perfect; terms reanonaule. ■eMMSaajaii
WILL E. KISIfER 4 CO., 14 Post st. .
\UANTKD-SMALL SUNNY COTTAGE AND
» i lot; state particulars. C. L., box 34, Ca1l Ollice.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NLY «500 CASH. : T'-'-'-- :~» ] '•
NEW RICHMOND HOME.
ATA SACRIFICE.
QQOA.n HANDSOME NEW COTTAGE OF
r^O\J\J\J. 6 rooms; bath, basement and attic;
on 2d aye.. near California st. ; Just finished: mod-
ern, complete and well built; lot 26x120 feet; a
rare opportunity, to purchase a cozy home at a
"low cash price" on easy monthly payments.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
810 VALUE. ■ • .-•-.-■.
FINE INVESTMENT.
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
Q.l PL AAA 6 MODERN FLATS OK 6 AND
t£pX,%Jm\J\J\J,- 6 rooms and bath on the north
side of Oak st. near Scott; only 5 years old and in
splendid condition: rents $1560 per annum ; lot
60x137:8 feet; reduced from $20,000 for imme-
diate sale. KASTON. ELDRI DUB i CO ,
■ '■•••-- : 638 Market st
MISSION RESIDENCE. ~~~ .■-.
IN GOOD CONDITION.
t MUST BE SOLD.
<R7nnn A SUBSTANTIAL three-
«Ss I \J\J\J. story residence of 14 rooms and bath
on Howard st. near 17th; at present used as a
lodging house and pay ni; well: lot 25x122:6 ft.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. . . ■ - 638 Market street.
HOICE OFFERING. .---.-•■-
VJ ELEGANT FLATS.
' FACING PARK PANHANDLE.
Q-lft nun THREE .MODERN FLATS,
«35 1U,UUH. nearly new, well and substantially
built, on the north side of Fell St., near Lott: pays
10 percent: lot 25x1 37 :6 t ; this is gilt edge prop-
erty and has a great future.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
. - 633 Market street.
QOUTH HIDE INVESTMENT.
0 . WELL IMPROVED PROPERTY,
NEAR FIFTH AND HARRISON.
©JOE A, 4 SUBSTANTIAL HOUSES OF 4
W^t^Oyj. and 6 rooms each; in good condi-
tion; always rented; »aye $62 per month; fine lot,
37:6x112; this property would be cheap at $5i50.
BASTUfi, ELDRIIK4I-J & CO.,
638 Market st.
BUSINESS PROPERTY, ■-.- . -. .■■
X> NEAR INOLESIDE RACETRACK
■ AND NEW COURSING GROUNDS.
©onnn a koadiiou.se on THE ocean
«Jp -iUUU. House road; leased for 3 years at $25
per month; lot 60x93x138.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE 4 CO.,
638 Market at.
A COZY HOME.
MUST BE SOLD.
LOT WORTH THE MONEY.- .
©1 1700 A SUBSTANTIAL CoTTAGE OF 6
<tjp± I \J\J. rooms and bath on Precita aye., near
Coso st. ; 1 block from Mission, Valencia or Fol-
som st. cars; lot 40x140.
EAS'ION, ELDRIDGE <fc CO..
■ 638 Market st
A SPECIAL LIST "~ " "T~*
OF SPECIAL BARGAINS
FOR SPECIAL LOTS.
$4200— Gutter St., nr. Devisadero. 30:6*164. -
S4OOO— NW. cor. Church and Army, 88x80.
$3600— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights,
50x1 .7:8.
$3500— Washington, nr. Devisadero. 30x127
$3250— Vallejo St., nr., Lyon 61:6x137:6.
$3000— Baker si., nr. Oak, 25x96:10.
$2250— Auhbury st, nr. Fell, 26x112:6.
$2100—' layt'.n si., nr. Pam, 25x106:3.
$2000— more St., nr. Fi.ber;, 25x100.
100— Lake St.. fir. California, 25x102:6.
$1050 — i-coud aye., nr. California st, 25x100.
$900— Six lots. Excelsior Homestead, 150x100.
$800— I St., nr. Twelfth aye., 25x100.
$750— aye , nr. California »t., 25x120.
Twenty-fifth aye., nr. Pu Lobo-, 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBKE & CO, KKAXi £S-
D TATE AGENTS,
318-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$7500— Jackson St., near Octavla; marine view;
lo 40x127
$10,000— .Mason St., near Jackson; 68:9x91:8: i
with very good residence; should be a tei-ed Into
stores and fiats; opposite engine-house, at transfer
point.
I $7500— Price reduced from $9000; very good
modern 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath ; Wash-
ington su, near Broderick; reft bitumen; side-
, walk stone; mortgage if 3500, can remain; lot 25x
127:8Vi.
1 $8250— Reduced from $9000: Washington st.,
near Webster: modern 2-story bay-window resi-
I dence of 9 rooms and 2 baths: bouse tastefully
1 decorated throughout-, lot 1:6 :6 x 127:8*4-
I $5500— Corner Bush and lirodorick sts.; cottage
of 8 rooms and bath; large lot, 84x100 feet; lot
alone is worth the price asked; the last of a row of
4 cottages: the other 3 have all been, sola within
the past month.
$5600— Price reduced from $6500: NW. cor. on
Sacramento st.; cosy cottage of 7 rooms and bath;'
lot 27 :h',4.xlO'^i 3 >«■■«•• t ; both streets paved and ac-
cepted; ■ bargain.
$11.000— Stan an St., opposite Golden Gate Park:
beautiful, modern two-story residence of 9 large
rooms and bath; furnace; all modern conveniences;
lot 2. x 106:3 feet.
I $1600— Kents $684 per annum; price reduced
from $6500; very good improvements on street
close to Howard; lot 25x100 feet. ■ '
$1800— Rents $17; has always rented for $20
per month; 'i good flats of 4 rooms each; 10t22:6x
60: 4 La Roy place, off Sacramento St., between
Jones and Leaven worth: this property must be
so d within the next few days regardless of price. '
' Twentv-iirst su. 'north line, near Hamp-
shire, Mission warm belt; lots 25x84 14. «"■ - * <
$700 -Twenty-first St., near Hampshire; ' lot
I 25x70.
j $1400— st, near Golden Gate aye.; 85x100;
1 cheap.
] $600— Richmond lots; easy tern $50 cash, $10
1 monthly: Twentieth aye., near Clement; 25x120
feet each. • ■■ >■
; $550— rolnt Lobos lot 25x100. •
; $1250— Stevenson St., near 14th, sewered »nd
; macadamized ; 26x65 ft
$7500— Jackson near Buchanan; residence of 8
rooms and bath: lot 30x117 to rearfsu; the owner
of this property is very anxious to get an offer as
the house must be sold within the next 30 ■lays.
$6500- B VV. cor. on Webster st.; two story and
! bnsetneut of 8 rooms: bath: stable, etc.: IoC 24x
94:6; rents *40.
i | |$76OO— o'Fairell st., near Jones, close to transfer
point; 2-story house of 7 rooms aud batn; rents
$ 36; lot 22:6x69.
I $2600— Richmond cottage: W. line of Bth aye.,
1 near California su : almost new; 4 rooms aud bath ;
, 7-foot busem*iu; lot 25x120.
$5000— Handsome modern cottage on Broderick
' si., near Washington; contains 6 rooms and bath;
lot '-'5x87:6 feet.
! $1750— Stevenson st.. near 14th; 25x80 feet;
I street s'-\v»-ri 1 and macadamized.
I $2400— Sunny side of Clay st, near Lyon; 25:6 x
90. or 2 lots at the snme rate.
$3500— Seymourave., between Scott and Devisa-
dero and Turk and Golden '-ate aye.; substantial
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath: street bitu-
men; sidewalk stone: lot 25x90: $1000 cash, bal-
ance in monthly payments of $20 If desired.
A FEW BARGAINS IN WESTERN ADDITION
;.' -.
$2500 each— 3 lots on Sacramento, near Lyon:
street work all done and accepted by the city; lots
25x11,2. . iTQJULUU "Ul
$2250— Lyon, near Clay: lot 26x112:6.
$1126— Five lots on Filbert, near Baker.one- !
half block from the Union street cars; terms $125
cash: lots 26x137:6 each.
$4000- Fora Western Addition 60-vara (137 :Cx
137:6) SE. corner on I.yon.
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
■ 218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
II»OR SALE— A CABINET-FINISHED RESl-
dence; ail natural wood; no paint or graining;
quarter-sawed oak, birdseye maple, mahogany
and curley redwood: Roman brick mantels: it
will pay you to look at it if you want a home ;
every room sunny: unobstructed marine view.
Apply to owner, cor. Clay and Laurel sts. ■
BA RiTaIN; .SACRIFICE; No REASONABLE
offer refused: beautiful home; grand view;
j large grounds: water, stable, etc.: would exchange.
sllAldil it.NX, 415 Montgomery su
OU MAY THINK OF BUYING OR BUILD- j
-I In* a bouse; see what we have to offer: new,
well built, up to date houses; line locality; right
prices. 740 Ayhbury St., obove Halgnt. - -,
6 -ROOK COT. AGE. NEW, CLOSE TO ELEC-
trlc-car line: lot 25x125.. 2 Valencia .st.
HKAUTY-LITTI.E 12-ROOM PACIFIC
Heights home; $13,500: i/;i cash; balance
I $100 per month. Address H., box 02, Call Office.
C. BEMIN. : " ■ " '
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTUOMKK V
FOR SALE). /
$2600— E. side of Htanyan st, bet Can and
j Frederick: 25x100 fppu
' $450— -«n Cnrlwi Villa lot: 100x150 feet
I $0700— 50 x 127 :6 feovon Jackson at, overiook-
! Ing the Presidio and bay..
$0000—2 modern houses "of 8 moms each at
I park: 25x137 feet: electric road parses houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story roomed house on Harrison St.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Eiep.tn'. N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$SOO— Cholct" building low north of park.
In Oakland— l4ox3so. BW. cor. 19th a ye. and
26th at.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
frail trees: good bouse of 9 rooms: stable and car- I
riage-house; all in good condition; must be sold;
make offer. .
WHY PAY KENT? ~~ — ] mm
*» When you can buy cheap on easy terras'one of
the finest nouses of 8 and 10 rooms In the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole at, near Waller; alt
modern improvements; street to be hitumlnlzed :
large lots, 25x125. Owner on premises.
<ts Ift 000 LAROE tJ LOT AND IMPROVE-
<]D LU.UvU. ments; Hayes st., block from Mar-
ket; fine investment; offer wanted.
©"ICfififi OR -WILL, EXCHANGE IN
«Jp I O.VJxjyj. part for city, Oakland or Alameda'
fine residence; lar^e lot; vicinity Turk and Van
Ness aye.
©Q7CA SPECIAL bargain; lot and
«Jp»7I«JV/. cottage: Bush St.. near Laguna- lot
alone worth price asked; must be sold by Monday
I. bHAIF. 18 Post ••■.... ■ *•
©Xnn CASH: BALANCE LIKE RENT;
«]p«Jl/V/ fine 2-story bow-window ; residence, 10
rooms, -bath and modern conveniences; lot 25x
100; : McAllister St., bet. : Broderick rand Baker:
cable-cars pass. . - . - -
THOMAS MAGEE A SON*. 4 Montgomery st.
IV E\V COTTAGE: 923 YORK ST., NEAR 21ST;
XV 5 rooms and bath; high basement; porcelain
tub: substantially built; , everything modern and
convenient; price $29J0; easy terms, equal to rent
if desired; lot 26x100 ft. ; owner on premiss daily.
I,'ORSALE.CHKAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
1 lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms; bath: 'finished, base-
ment;, rooms; decorated; -electric wire: speaking
tubes; atone walks. On Waller at., near Stanyan
half block from Golden ate Park. ■..,.'.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE
....AT....,
AUCTION,
st 12 o'clock noon, at the salesroom of
O'FARRELL <fc CO.,
11 MONTGOMERY. STREET,
LICK HOUSE BLOCK.'
THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
■V' ' • ' ■ ■ ■ ;
CENTRALLY LOCATED INVESTMENT;
\J Taylor st.; W. side, 137:6 . 8. of Ellis; ■ 2-story
bouse of 8 rooms ana bath; 211. Taylor St.: rents
$45; only a few steps from. Market st. : • could Ibe
made a line Investment; street paved and accepted.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE: BRYANT ST.,
■rV ts. side, 226 feet W. of >lxth: 819, 821 and
823 Bryant st. ; 3 cottages of 4 rooms and base-
ment each; rents $45 per month; streets paved
and accepted; electric-cars pass the property: jot
60x75: terms cash, subject to confirmation of pie
Superior Court; we can negotiate loan if desired.
ELEGANT OAK-ST. : BUILDING LOT— FINE
i-i lot on the north side of Oak st., 127:6 west of
Fillmore at; a few steps from the Fillmore-st.
electric cars; oak st. paved and accepted by the
city: fine surroundings: size 25x137:6; ■ terms;
$2100 can remain on mortgage in Hibernia Bank
at 6 V4 percent
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS- WEST SIDE
XJ of Mason st, 118:7 feet north of Lombard st.;
2111 Mason St.; four flats; one of 4 rooms; three
of 5 rooms each : stable In rear; lot has two front-
ages; rents $41: street paved and accepted; size
19:6x122:6 to rear street; terms cash.
r~ENTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY: 10TH
i- St., E. aide, commencing 100 feet N. of Kolsom
St.; five business lots, five minutes' walk from the
City Hall and on the main highway to the Potrero:
street pave 1 and accepted: bitumen sidewalk:
should be Improved with stores and flats; electric-
cart will soon pass this property: 4 lots 25x100, and
one 36x100; terms cosh: we can negotiate a loan
If desired.
OAK ST., N. SIDE. 75 FEET E. OF SCOTT; 922
Oak St.: 2-story modern house 7 rooms and
bath: street paved and accepted; atone sidewalk;
1 block fr«m Devisadero street electric-cars : lot 25
xIOO; terms cash.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS; REFEREE'S
sale; 2 lots 25x120 each, W. side of lltb aye.,
125 feet S. of Point Lobosroad; level and ready to
build on street graded, sewered and macadamized:
terms cash. . v ■
SOUTH BRODERICK. NEAR HAIGHT AND
Baker— Two flats. 9 and 11, South Broderick:
6 rooms and bath each: sheltered from the wind
and fog; fine view; a short walk from Haight-st.
cable-cars: rent $30 per month: lot 36x128; terms:
$2100 can remain on mortgage', Ulbernia Bank,
Interest 6% per cent. .
CENTRALLY LOCATED HOWARD-ST. IN-
VJ vestment— Howard St.. north side, 225 feet
east of r-evi-nth: 1066, iO66Va and 1066% How-
ard; store and 2 fiats of 5 and 7 rooms ana bath;
rents $61 ocr month : close to the new 1 ost office 1
site and new City Hall; street paved and accepted;
cable-cars pass the property; lot 25x90: terms,
cash nbove mortgage of $3100, at OVa per cent, I
Hibernia Bank. '
"VALENCIA - ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY—
> Two lots on the west line of Valencia St., 107
feet north of 21th; coming business property; lots !
extra width: street paved and accepted: cable-cars
pass the property; should be Improved with stores
and flats; each lot 35:3x90: terms cash; we can
negotiate loan if desired.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — BRYANT-BT. I
XV fiats: Bryant st.. south side, 121:3 feet east of '
Third ; 467 and 457 % Bryant St.: two flats, one of
6 rooms and bath and one of 3 rooms; rents
$37 60; street paved and accepted by the city;
Tblrd-st electric cars a few steps away; lot has two
frontages; size 22x80 to Park lane; terms cash,
subject to confirmation of . Superior Court; we can
negotiate loan if desired.
COZY COTTAGE— CLINTON PARK, SOUTH
\J side. ISO feet eai>t of Dolores St., No. 265; cozy
cottage of 5 rooms and bath, near Market and Va- j
lencia only 16 minutes from Kearny st.; lot j
25x75; terms cash; we can negotiate loan if de- ■
aired.
pHESTNUT' NORTH SIDE, 75 FEET
VJ east of Dupont 140 Chestnut St., 2-story !
house of 8 rooms, divided into tenements; brick i
foundation: rent $25; lot 22:6x122:6 to alley !
small piece out as per diagram ; terms cash.
For further particulars apply to
O^FARRELL & CO.. Auctioneers,
' - 11 Montgomery st. i
IN BUILDING LOTS ' "*
JL We offer in payments of $10 cash and $10 per
month—
6 lots 25x100 each, worth $375, at $175 each.
3 lots 25x100 each, worth $450, at $200 each.
4 lots 25x100 each, worth $500, at $225 each.
6 lots 26x100 each, worth $600, at $425 each.
6 lots 25x100 each, worth $650. at $450 each.
These lots are level and ready to bolld on; ■
are but 28 . minutes' ride from the City Hall, ana i
are a.l adjacent to the Mis.lou-st. electric-cars.
To visit this property take Mission-st electric- j
cars, ask the conductor to stop at Francis su ; you ■
will there find our branch office and representa-
tive, GEORGE A. TURNER, who will show you
over tne property and furnish any further infor-
mation.
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery st
<D»ft£AA PAYS OWNER 11 PER CENT i
t£)\}O\J\J . per annum; FlHmore St., nr. Height-
4 modern flats; in fine condition; If you are look-
ing for a good Investment at a bargain here is a
chance; investigate,
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery at
pACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
AT A SACRIFICE.
Webster St., one block from cable and electric
cars; contains 8 rooms and bath; in fine condition:
magnificent marine view; worth $8000, will sell
for $5000 and maybe less. .
u'FARRiSLL & CO., 11 Montgomery su
"TVRVISADERO ST. : BUSINESS PROPERTY: !
U best part of the street; well Improved and
rented: extra large frontage; always occupied; a
first-class and staple investment.
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
PAGE ST.. 3 BLOCKS FROM MARKET:
J elegant building lot; 2 frontages; very sunny;
$3600, and worth $4500; street accepted: fine
view.
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery r.t
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
If yon are looking for a cheap home of 7 rooms
and bath, near Golden Gate Park, we have a big 1
bargain on Fulton St., near Devisadero. Do not 1
fall to see; street bitnminlzed: close to 3 different
car. lines; only $3900.
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
©qqnn small amount DOWN, WIt,L
«J)OOUU. buy a lovely 7-room cottage located
on E. side of Castro at., near 23d; lot 25x105; fine-
ly decorated spacious rooms: stairs In front hall to
attic: porcelain tub; everything modern through- I
out; $30 per month; don't fail to call and examine
It. S. .HORN, owner and builder. 4075 24(b at.
OMB TO-DAY TO 3900 MISSION ST.. OPP.~
J SU Mary's College, and look at new cottage;
to be sold cheap on ea<y monthly payments. < r
AN RAFAEL LOT WORTH $3000 FOR
$1600: nicest lot In town: on accep.ed street'
76x130. J. R. ROCHE, San Rafael.
SOL GETZ A BRO., ~~ "
■ REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
•VTEW BLOCKS, 'NEW LOTS.
XI for homes or Investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains.
d 1.- TO $200- LOTS NEAR PARK;. GRAND
tip It j boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ A BRO. . • .
© OHO *400] $450, ! $600 TO $1100 —
fflOl/U. Choicest lots In Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds.
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit purchasers. ■ SOL GETZ it
BRO. J . .
©1 TO $250-BUILDIN(i. LOTS, NEAR
«Jriv/v/ Mlssion-st. and electric-car lines: only
10 down, $6 monthly. SOL GBTZ & BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS. .
SOL GET/. A BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS-THREE NEW 12- ROOM
I bouses. 2847, 2849 and 2851 Fillmore at., S. of
Green: nil modern improvements; reception-hall,
parlors,* dining, chamber and lard-rooms, tinted
and decorated; furnace heat: all rooms and closets
llghtt d by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view: good Investment. . ■ . : .
LOTS 160 — FRUIT VALE TERMINAL
J-J tract; $6 mo. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
T^OR A HOME OR INVESTMENT.
Tne finest and most complete pair of flats for the
money; Just being finished: marble steps and all
the latest Improvements; put up by days' labor; :
north side of Fell st., near Scott Call on premises
or office of owner and builder, DAN EINSTEIN,
630 Market st ____________
pHKAP; HIGH LEVEL . LOTS IN . WEST
\J Berkeley; near station: near good schools.
$375— Lot 39x135 : $50 down. $5 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x130; $5 down, $6 monthly. -
if 550- Lot ! 60x120; sewered; $25 down, $10
monthly. .- : ■ ' ■ ,
(Has. a. BA ILEY, 20 Montgomery at.
JACOB HBYMAN. ILL REMOVE JUNE 1
.to 11 Montgomery st. r. :■: ■ ■ .. . '. , .
ODERN 2-STORY- DWELLING, -7, ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2600:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission;
"(TOR SALE - ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,"
J. just completed, opp. Park; modern. : 1917 Oak.
_ _ COTOTRY REAL ESTATE. '
O'FARRELL <t CO., ~~~~-~ '"""■
DAVID BUSH,' COUNTRY DEPARTMENT,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
©9000 40 ACRES OF LAND HALF A.
«fi)_WU. mile from Zoyante railroad stationO
near the big trees, Santa Cruz Mountains; In
acres in wine grapes: balance of land gral;
and pasture land, well wooded and watered
house of 4 rooms, barn and chicken-house: a
bargain ; easy terms If desired. ■ si>sfp*.m»r>*---
Th^'SdO ; -BEAUTIFUL SUMMER HOME
«IPOUUU. ranch of 45 acres, 6 miles from St.
Helena on Ho well Mountain: .Etna Springs
stage passes dally; 26 acres cleared and
fenced: 5 acres in vineyard and orcnanl of
assorted fruits in full bearing: 572 French
prunes 4 years old; comfortably furnished 6-
room house, with a 3-room cottage; good
stable ; and - chicken-houses; water from
spring, with windmill, pump, tanks, con-
crete dam. 2000-galloo reservoir; a beautiful
and protl able home.
$"i9 ; ill FC " { 30 ACRES FULL-BEARING
*\prj^.tJK7 orchard and vineyard, with good build-
ings, wine cellar, horst.B, harness, all the stock
and Implements on the place; ■ part cash,
balance on easy terms: IVi miles from Se-
• ■'•' bastopol. In Sonoma County.
©1 9(10 16 ° ACHES IN SANTA CLARA
tipj._VV County.on county, road from New Al
maden to (jflroy, on Uvas Creek; good vine-
yard or orchard land If cleeared; good cabin
on the place.
G»9^AA I*7 ACRES NEAR ANGW N'S
<$_«JUI/. Hotel. Howeli Mountain. Napa Coun-
ty: 20 acres in bearing vineyard of wine
grapes, balance grain. pasture and timber land;
water from well and pump; will exchange.
©Q^Hft 101/2 ACRE , 1 MILE FROM si.
itD*JO\J\J. nol, Alameda County; all out In apri-
cots, prunes and peaches ; nice hardfinlshed
house of 5 rooms: well and pump; flow-
ers and shrubbery: a lovely profitable
suburban home; will exchange for unim-
proved lots In San Francisco.
<£OAAA 15 ACRES 4 MILES FROM SANTA
(tJpOUUU. Rosa; in Rinccm Valley; all
level land, with family orchard: hard-
finished house of 6 rooms and base-
ment: barn ana chicken-houses: balance
of the land is in grain: easy terms. For
rent for tbe simmer months, longer if de-
sired; two handsomely furnished houses on
. Pacific Heights, commanding a fine marine
view; 9 rooms and bath, with modern con-
veniences; rent $60 and $75 per month re-
spectively. •
ALSo FOR RENT-5 ACRES OF LAND 1%
miles from the Hermitage, near Joaquln Mil-
ler's pla;e, Alameda County: family orchard
. In bearing; house of 4 rooms; barn and
chicken house with Incubator and brooder:
water from spring and well; windmill and
tank; rent $15 per month. - -
ALSO FOR RENT— 3 ACRES OF LAND WITH
-ex nice house of 8 rooms, barn and chicken-
bouses: running water, well and Dump; about
150 bearing fruit trees, balance in grain and
. pasture land; location Sonoma City; rent $15
a month.
GRAND RANCH, OFFERED AS A WHOLE
or in subdivisions to suit purchaser: you could
not imagine a more desirable location nor a
better tract of very rich, deep, black loam,
than every square foot of this 243Vfe acres
really is. It's gilt edge and must be sold, and so
I adjure you to improve the golden opportunity of
securing the cream of that lovely Napa valley by
securing at least a portion of this ranch for
half its actual value; splendid fruit,
vine, corn or vegetable Ian!; now all In very
thrifty crop of grain, except the beautiful grounds
surrounding the COMPLETE AND -GOOD SET
OF BUILDINGS and the 6 acres of assorted
varief.es of full-bearing fruit tr.es; sprinkled
couuty road forms the three-quarter : mile
of front boundary and Napa River the rear;
a 2% a re deep, clear lake, full of fish, fed by
never-failing springs, Is an unusual and valuable
feature: also splendid well: abundance of fuel and
shade from large oaks along bank of river and
scattered over place and the % mile -shaded en-
trance avenue; it's simply grand; would exchange.
IS. D. SICKELS,
....THE...
LAND AGENT,
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, S. F.
T)ANCH, 650 ACRES. ~ '
NEAR CLOVERDALK.
A BARGAIN FOR CASH.
THIS PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
SEE US AT ONCE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
" ■ 638 Market st.
RANGE LANDS. : '. ~"
RANGE LAN
BARGAIN PRICEa
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY. -'•■
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a cood investment: it will cost
yon unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five annual
payments: no Interest; the trees planted on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns.
We have an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to . EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st., San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
• Cal. •
I 7 ACRES (ROAD HOUSE); LOVELY PLACE:
-1- I highly cultivated; near Stockton; offered
cheap account death of owner's wife. See SPiiX'K
A CO., 602 Market. . .
SA VTA CLARA LANDS A SPECIALTY;
orchard-houses cheap: ea»y terms. Co-opera-
tive Land and Tru>t Co., 2d floor. Chronicle bldg.
TfOR SALE— BEAUTIFUL SUMMER HOME;
-I siperbview: Howell Mountain, Napa County,
Cal.: 45-acre ranch: 26 cleared and fenced; 6
miles from st Helena: 1% miles from Angwins
P. 0.; ,l-:tna stage passes daily; comfortably fur-
nished 6-room house; 3-room cottage: good stable,
chic ken-houses, etc.: unfailing spring; concrete
dam; 2000-gallon reservoir; air motor windmill,
pump, tanks: water piped over the place: 5-acre
vineyard, full bearing; orchard, assorted fruits,
full bearing: 572 French prunes, 4 years old;
terms reasonable. MR?». O. I* MIX, care of -Etna
stage, St. Helena. Napa County, Cal.
A GOOD, OLD-FASHIONED NEW ENGLAND
-*»• farm: 390 acres richest river bottom land; all
under cultivation; 300 acres In wheat; V^-crop goes
with sale; good house, 7 rooms, cellar; milk-
house; barns; chicken-house; windmill; family
orchard: ornamental trees; beautiful grounds:
Block, tools, wagons go with place; price $40 per
acre and worth today $75: best value in State.
JOHN T. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
©1 I~9aa .1 HAVE 5 IMPROVED STOCK
J- J-.ji«\/v/ . ranches, neareach' other, all clear,
aggregating 1120 acres; will exchange: fine resi-
dence In Gilroy, $4000, and San Jose. $3500: 20-
acre ranch, Sonoma County, $1000; 30 acres fruit
land near Napa, $2200; 2 acres in Napa, 500:
16Va acres vineyard at St. Helena, $1600; all
clear: elegantly furnished summer villa in Santa
Cruz Mountains. CHAS. COLI'ON, 906 Market st.
J-<OR HOMES IN LOSGATOB OR ORCHARDS
in the vicinity or in Santa Cms Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 29b, with B. H.
Noble A CO. . . . ". ' ' ■
ifOR SALE— COWS, 8 HORSE *, HOGS,
J- wagons, harness, farming tools, dairy utensils
and household furniture, in exceptionally good
and complete condition, on a 500-acre ■ dairy ranch
in Mnrin County; land can be either bought or
leased cheap.
AND A RIBLET, Novato, Marin County.
S. F. office, room 3. second floor. Mills building.
O BAVB FORECLOSING MORTGAGE —
Choice lands $35 peracre; hours from city.
Alacueda Land Company, 57 Chronicle building.
I A A ACRE DA IRV.HOO AND WOOD RANCH;
"vll V. S. patent; 1% miles from two stations. 3
from town: more than 200 acres cultivable; 40
in bay; fair house, barn, etc.: 10 springs and two
running streams of water; will carry 100 head of
slock and cut 8000 cords of oak wood: $9500: half
cash; a snap. D. H. ING, Sonoma City, Cal.
PONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
VJ send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
MA'MN COUNTY- 5000 ACRES US MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
. Tracts .cut any sle.i desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation: (40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
QKMJ FOX OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOUSTER AWH ITTON. Han Jose.
ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4. ' 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small bouse, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inoulre 632 Market st. S. F.
A; WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS.— THIS
WEEKLY CALL. In wraoDer. for mailing. '
MO>EY TO LOAN.
~10 LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
J. to $3000 on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
OANS UN KEAL tSTATK IST OR 2ND
■'mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER. 328 Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHKS.
xl. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st.; open evenings.
AN AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGE*;
estates, undivided interests, real estate In Dro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OAKS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; : interest low: private entrance: private
rooms; disireet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant nve.
Vf ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
J.TI pst per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life < Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
MGJS E V LOANED ON JJBWKLKY ANU
other valuables at the Security - LoaD Office.
ilCt>Marketst..ur. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
1 jIRECi' ON YOUK FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market, st.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN, ON
life insurance policies. 83-i Pine st.
OANS, ON FURNITURE, . PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
■{ ST & 21) MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN E.S-
X.ates;lowegt rates; no deIay .MUKPHY.62B Mrk\
A DVANCKSON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY. ETC
;\ Columbia Loan & Collateral o;li<». 9 Grant arc.
; PAWNBROKERS.
AT 128 KEAKNY ST.. ROOM .9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates; -i-
vate rooms; elevator; pledges for sai i caean, :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ~~~
"DARGAINS, BARGAINS, BARGAINS FOB
J-> the limes. •.
©1 9ftft 5-ROOM COTTAGE; NEWLY PA-
«iP -L-JVfV/. pered and pained: deep basement;
lot 50x150: situated near 13th aye., East Oakland.
©1 C\OO 6-ROOM COTTAGE WITH BATH,
*S>X\J\J\J. laundry, hi -h basement, water, gas,
sewers, etc.: situated on 19th aye.: oily $150
cash, balance in installments of $18 or $20 per
month.
ffIjQKAA TWO COTTAGES OF 9 ROOMS;
>irtJO\J\J. Iot60xl40: located on East 14th St.,
within one block of business center of East Oak-
land; also within one block of two car lines and
only three blocks from broad-gauge station; both
couatres now rented.
©££fln BEAUTIFUL 10-ROOM HOUSE;
tIrUUUVJ. near new Peralta Heights, East Oak-
land:, reception hall: porcelain bath; 2 elegant
mantels, one of them solid maborany; house done
in panel work throughout, wi h beautlfu ly fres-
coed cup ceil, ngs: high ground; tine view: prop-
erty cost owner nearly $9000; 1 terms half cash,
balance time to suit purchaser, with Interest at 6
per cent
We have dozens of other houses listed on the
same low basis as the above-mentioned, all re-
duced from one-third to one-half In price. In order
to sell them; we have also many fine building lots,
on which the owners would be very glad to realize
two-thirds of what they have been offered for them
in the past. Money! Money It is what they want
and must have. Have you got money? And do
yon want a home? If so, now is your time to get
it before the tide turns.
B. H. WELCH A CO., real estate, cor. Fifth »ye.
and Eighteenth St., East Oakland.
I AM AUTHORIZED BY THE BANK TO
sell the following property: : " '
- first— Lot 2dx140, running through to wide
alleir, cottage 6 rooms, almost new; In Al con-
dition: fronting on city nark: convenient to elec-
I trie cars and local: cost original owner $2500;
• price $1400; terms, $200 to $400 cash; balance,
mortgage.
Second— loo feet front on principal residence
street corner; street macadamized, sewered, cc-
I ment walks: modern cottage 6 rooms: first-class
! condition; cost original owner $4500: can be
1 bought for «2500; terms $600 cash, balance mort-
| gage.
Third— loo feet front on Telegraph aye. ; prop-
I erty in this location considered worth $20 to $30
| ver front foot: this property will be closed out . for
, 812 per front foot; terms, part cash. J. S. MYERS,
| 1002 Broadway, Oakland. ■ . ■
ONAP— SBOO; HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS: CHICKEN-
j O house: good well and water; lot 75x114; all
! fenced; near Fruitvale aye.: easy terms. Fruit-
| vale Land Company, Fruitvale station.
T?OR RENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
( JT 10 rooms on Fruitvale aye.: furnished or unfur-
nished; beautliul grounds; profusion of flowers,
I fruit and shrubbery; carriage-house, barn, etc.
j Fraitvale Land Company, Fruitvale station.
I POR CHICAGO LOTS— FINE FRUIT RANCH
i JL Sonoma County, near Santa Rosa; a 1 bearing.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OS ANGELES; 20 ACRES.ALL FRUIT,SSOOO,
J for Oakland property; also 77 acres all In fruit
| C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland. •
2 ACRES, HAYWARDS, HOUSE AND BARN,
$1400, terms to suit: 6*% acres, Lafayette,
; Contra Costa County, $600 down $15 a month,
fine house, 2 barns. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway,
! Oakland. ■ ■
OUSE AND LOT FILBERT ST., OAKLAND,
for a grocery business. C. K. KING, 90a
i Broadway, Oakland.
©1 fif\fi BARGAIN: LOT 25x160; 2-STORY,
<IPJ.UI/'J. 7-room house; bay-windo ■: stable
and small workshop. See owner, 1167 East Fif-
teenth st., near Twenty-third aye., Oakland.
TOOK! »100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS:
JLJ no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
j H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
T>ARGAIN — $875: $275 CASH, $6 PER
-L> month; 5-room house; lot 60x100: well: 'zVm
I blocks from cars. \VM. P. TOD 1), 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland.
OCSES-$550, 3 ROOMS; $900, 9 ROOMS;
$1100, 4 rooms and hall: $1200, 8 rooms; all
near local train. LODGE & POWELL, Fruit-
vale Station. ■
UT ANTED — SUMMER BOARDERS: HOME
• " cooking convenient to electric and local steam
cars. 1142 Seventeenth St., East Oakland.
ANTED— S ACRES IN FRUITVALE:
'• » must be cheap for cash. L. <£ P., Call Office,
Oakland. ■
[ ITOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CLEAR
; J Oakland. Alameda or San Francisco property —
| A beautiful summer resort and fruit ranch near
! LosGatos; rents for $800 per year; $4000 can re-
I main on place. E. HILL, Donohoe building, San
Francisco.
I © I XAA 160 ACRES IN SONOMA COUNTY.
tJJlulrU. near railroad; bouse; barn, etc.;
! this property cost $3000; sale or trade clear.
I ALDEN A KRONENBERO, 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
Oj/I^A HOUSE AND LOT; 60x130: WELL
I >JIOU. located: near cars. ALDEN &KRON-
I ENBERG. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
I tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investmen:
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
( tion. ■
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR RENT— SI 7 50 ONLY, 7-ROOM FLAT;
X no dark or inside rooms: closets ; stoves all set;
i water: dumb-waiter: 956 Union st, Oakland.
I A.H. BREED <fc Co.. 460 Ninth st- Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALABIKDA KEAL ESTATE.
FOR COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS AT
very low price: also two unimproved lota. Ad-
dress 908 Eagle aye,, Alameda.
"POR SALE— ~~~ -..-...
•-T House « rooms and bath, Central aye.; house 4
rooms. Grand st.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett st. :
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
Ban Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st,
San Francisco, Cat
OOK— s3so FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda, on installments; ■ fine
location. H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
X? R UIT ORCHARD INVESTMENT; WILL
-C net SO per cent: 30 acres peach, apricot, - prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and dra-
ins; cannery near that will make five year's con-
tract for fruit ; best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition In the State. JOIINT. HALL. Aiameda, Cal.
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
VJ lot. $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms;
cottage, 4 rooms, large lot, $1000 cash. THO3.
F. BAIRD, 1303 Park st.
©9^nn CHOICE NEW 6-room cottage.
<IP.<j«JIAJ. lot 39x109, all street work: $200
cash. $25 a month; nice cottage, 4 rooms, lot,
$1500, terms. J. H. .YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
HOMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THK
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. R. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder. 1502 Seventh St.. Alnmeda.
SNAP— IF YOU .WAN IV TO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure If you wished to buy it will suit yon, as It
is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY, 463 Ninth st, Oakland. •-
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THK
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
free. . ■ .. ■ .
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
Ij>OR^"RENT IN ALAMEDA— NICE^'hoMe";
I central location; cheap to good party. Address
Owner, box 96, Call Office.
WANTED- TO RENT; 4-ROOM COTTAGE;
'» furnished or unfurnished. Send location and
I price 10 126 Eddy st., San Francisco.
TO RENT— NEW COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS; ALL
modern Improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth au, bet. Mastick and
Enclnul station. Aiameda. ■
"~ BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE. . ;
IpOR SALE— A ; LOVELY NEW HOME IN
? Berkeley; close to station and university; 9
rooms; entirely modern: a genuine bargain- only
**1 5-i O. U. MAY A CO, 2123 Center. Berkeley.
u^.t.r.l J. Ma»ON, REAL ESTATE AND
Insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoin!
bank. ■ . .
p OOD HOMES ' FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
VJ on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. *~ "-"
• .-■ BERKELEY HOUSES.
IpOR^RENT -^CHOIC^EsT~ LOCATION IN
? Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers' ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished: to first-class * tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley. .
L/OR KENT-FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
I audbatn: piano; $30. 5:014 Virginia st., near
-■j'nttnek aye. Berry man station."
'jj BVKB A N KEAL ESTATE. .
ALTA ITNTA TBACTTrIft (JEM OF THJB
buy region, 806 acres ■: subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
m.m ban Francisco; lots 60x200 ieet, from $80 to
$-00: small deposit: easy installments; * Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
ft . HA IGHT. 220 Sausome st.'. San Francisco, Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
] AND WASTED IN^IXr^ITIjODIE^FROm'
1-1 1001 acres up; improved; or unimproved; will
deal with owners only Address Farm, Field and
Fireside, Tlomeseekers' Department, Chicago, UL
\\rANTED— RESIDKNCK, FOR STOCK AND .
■ " hog ranch. : Owner. 20 O'Farrell St., room 4.
\\f ANTED _ KOADHOUSK. " WITH ■ SOM X
-»' land; state price and description. F. A., box
16. this office- :
1314
HOUSES TO _ LET. ' . ' - -
"qTt^7~JACKSOV ST., JBET. LAUREL AND
o*ll i Locust— New modern - house of 9 rooms
and batn: must be seen to be appreciated.
409 Laurel su— New modern cot tare of 6 rooms
and bath; rent low. -
WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post St.
Hilfc SHOTWEL.L — 9 ROOMS, BATH. $30 ;
I __O 701 Shotwell, cor. Twenty-first, 10 rooms, 1
bath, $30: _139 Valencia, 8 rooms, bath, $26; 17 j
Guerrero, 6 rooms, bath, $25: 9_9Va Natoma, 6
rooms. $16; 105 Diamond, cottage 5 rooms, oath, I
$15. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
ATICE HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS WITH ALL MOD- j
— \ era improvements; at 2219 Calafornia su, bet. .
Buchanan and Webster; rent $55. MADISON <ft
BURKE. ________________________
©911 2132 O'FARRELL. NEAR BRODER-
»j!_-U. ick: nice sunny house of 7 rooms; bath,
lnundry, cellar: front and rear garden: cement
walks. Owner will lie at the premises Monday, |
June 1, from 10 a. v. to 4 P. m. >
ANDSOME GREAT DANE PUP; 10 MOS.
old; large pedigree. 32 l^earl st.
lfl_ "I /\ LOWER FLAT OF 3 KOOMS AT 2507 y%
Mission st. _______.■
<S llf 1228 PINE, NR. H Y DE— 2 -STORY
(J)iO. house: 5 rooms.
fflj "I C\ LOWER FLAT OF 3 ROOMS AT 2507% i
rTIU. Mission st. . •_
HOUSE OF 3 OR 4 SUNN V ROOMS: RENT
$10. 168 Silver St.. near Fourth.
r.C\A POST, BET. JONES AND LEAVES-
( -.4: worth— lo rooms and bath, in perfect order;
an elesrant downtown location; only $80 rent.
MADISON & BUKKE. ■
1 91 0 LAGUNA, NEAR ELLIS — modern
I __xO unny house, 9 rooms and bath; rent re-
duced and house newly papered and frescoed; large
yard. MADISON A BURKE. j
T> EDUCED TO $45: 2512 CALIFORNIA— 7
-it rooms: bath, laundry, servants' and billiard
rooms: unsurpassed for sun; large yard. MADI
SON A BURKE, 626 Market St. •
A 1 7 HYDE, NEAR O'FARRELL — CHOICE
Til I residence: 7 rooms, bath and large yard;
centrally located; low rent. Apply MADISON A
BURKE, 626 Market st. _____________!_
A 1 li HYDE-HOUSE OF- 7 ROOMS AND
'1 10 bath. Inquire at 418.
79Qa GROVE-LOWER FLAT 4 BOOMS;
I _Jt/ bath; light, snnny yard. .
aqa ~O 19 FELL ST.: EIGHT ROOMS;
«j)OU.tJv. modern conveniences: snnny yard.
©09 m SEE THAT ELEGANT NEW
0 oZi O\J. sunny 6-room bouse. 612 Guerrero.
HOUSE TO LET; 5 ROOMS AND STABLE.
129 Langton st.
7, 800M5, BATH AND LAUNDRY- FRONT
I and rear yards: on 11 pretty street, fronting pri-
vate park; newly painted, clean and attractive;
$30. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye.
1 HOWARD, BET. SIXTH AND sev-
1 U«JO enth— Sunny house 10 rooms; rent $23.
Apply 10 to 3. ■ -'
9909 HEAVEN WORTH — HOUSE 10
£JL\i~ rooms; beautifully situated; large
grounds; rent very moderate.
7] 1 SUTTER, NEAR TAYLOR — VERY
I 11 choice; elegant; spacious; reasonable.
A PPRECIATED IF oEE.N— 3O MORRIS AYE.,
-A off Harrison at., near Sixth: sunny house of 5
rooms: pood order; $13: water free: yard: cellar.
* PPRECIATED IF SEEN— SUTTER,
J\- near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
OCSK. 7 ROOM 8: BATH: MODERN IM-
provements: garden. 730 Capp st.
WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
" treat people ri^ht. BALDWIN A HAM-
MUXD 10 Montgomery »L '
FUKNISHED HOUSES.
FURNITURE OF 4 ROOMS CHEAP; BENT
X $10 25V 3 Moss St.
cottages to LET.
NE A f~C OTTAGE "oF~4^ROOmTaND
l^r. bath. . 1831 Union St., near Laguna.
7QX WILLOW AVK.-CU. TAGKOi- 5 ROOMS.
I DO luouire at 500 Grove st.
9' "TEH AM A— 6 SUNNY BOOMS;
large yard; rent moderate.
SD S V COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS, LARGE YARD
and basement: rent $12. 621 Seventh st.
QUITS V COTTAGE; 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH,
O basement and large yard. Dolores and 15th.
(£7l 3 SUNNY ROOMS; COTTAGE; YARD;
«I> O • water free. Jersey and Sanchez Kts.
COTTAGE: $11: 4 ROOMS AND BASE-
\J me:it. 422y 2 Ringold, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
pOTTAGK: 4 LARGE ROOMS: LARGE
Vj yard. Key 25th and Florida or 418 Stevenson.
pOTTAGE; 2714 BRYANT ST.: 5 ROOMS,
\J bath, laundry; large stable.
pOTTAGE, 3 ROOMS; NEWLY PAPERED
V. and painted; large basement and yard: $10.
2631 Harrison St., bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. - . ■
FUKXISHED FLATS.
C^^Y^^?CD?6IKL?fFuItNISH^rTFIioORI
O 4 rooms, bath, etc.; suitable for family: new
carpets and furniture; very reasonable. 913 PolK
St., near Geary.
lFuliNlSHiib FLAT — 3 ROOMS; CHEAP;
X also large double room. 1047 Mission st.
"l/i INE FURNISHED FLAT: SUNNY CORNER;
T room : reasonable: afternoons. 800 a Webster.
-'HI ) CALIFORNIA— NEWLY FURNISHED
t>v/_L_ flat; 7 rooms and bath; modern; large
yard; reasonable. ■
1 ■ I KN I s .  D HOUSE TO BENT,
X 2236 Pacific aye.. NE. corner Flllmore: loca-
tion amon? the choicest. O. F. YON RHEIN
& CO.. 513 1 allfornia st- ■ . i
— I
FLATS, TO LET.
qTqoTw'a SH I NGTON —LOWER T^ROOVLS*.
OXDjU bath. $32 50; 1023 Valencia, lower
6 rooms ;»a;h, $23 50;'2&18 Mission upper 6
rooms, ba h, $22 50: 2825 Howard, lower 5 rooms,
bath, $20; -07 Second, upper 7 rooms, $18: 58
Tehama, upper 6 rooms, $18: 824 Filbert, middle I
5 rooms, bath, marine view. $18: 1211 Guerrero,
upper 5 rooms, bath. $16; 11% McLea court, up-
titr 5 rooms, bath. $lt>: 526 Filbert, upper 5
rooms. $16-; 116 Dorian d. upper 5 rooms, $14;
421% Mississippi. lower i rooms, bath, $14; 1307
Minna, upper 5 rooms, $14. W. H. CRIM A CO.,
118 Montgomery st-
PPEKi-LoOa, 6 HOWARD COURT, NEAR
«-/ Fourth St.; 5 rooms: $14: water free.
C SUNNY KOUMS;BATH; 2219 FIFTEENTH
0 St.; rent $14: water free; cars 1 block.
£> 1 7 FLAT 5 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH. 332
<pi- I • Shotwell at., near Seventeenth.
7 TWENTY- FIRST, BET. VALENCIA!
• OU and Gntrrero— I'ppe.r flat of 3 very sunny |
rooms, unfurnished, for housekeeping: no children; 1
location and buiroundings unexceptionable; rent j
$15.
C:9rt LOWER FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
»_?--iV/. large basement; sunny yard. 137 Page.
&1O UPPER FLAT, FIVE LARGE SUNNY
«1P I O. rooms and bath: hall ana stairs carpeted:
\va*er free. 1825 c Howard St., bet, Fourteenth
and Fifteenth.
TTPPER SUNNY FLAT, 4 ROOMS, 29% ZO_,
*-> bei. Third and Fourth, Bryant and Brannan.
K99 JESSIE, NR. SIXTH— UPPER FLAT; 6
• ;_.— roonis: capered: i.ot and cold water; bath,
fas and laundry; rent $23.
A 9 I (..o"loe"n GATE— furnished FLAT;
O£iX suitable for housekeeping. • -j
(» I 1 FOUR NICK ROOilS: 515 THlR-
*jp 11 . teenih st, bet. Guerrero and Market.
OZY FLAT 3 KOOMs, BASEMENT: ALL
\J cleau. 123 San Jose aye., Dr. Twenty-third.
Ql 9 &A UPPERyLAT 4 ROOMS: LARGE
«4P-L-J.^»v. yard. 1017 Union st, bet. Jones and
Leaven
CHKAP RK.NTS, FLATS CORNER TURK
\j and Larkln sis. : 5 -rooms and bath; see these at
onc___MAlJlSON & BUKICE.
91 'A.A O'FARRELU NR. BHODERICK—
-- LO "x ny side, large 5 room flat with bath and
Other modern conveninces: has _ extra large sep-
arate rear rooms; rented reduced to .$2O.
TV i-.W. SUNNY. MODERN 4-RoOM FLAT:
— > porcelain bath: tile sink. 4 Tremont aye., nr.
Waller st., Golden Gate Park. -
UPPKR SUNNY FLAT OF FIVE ROOMS:
- ■ bath ; all modern improvements. Hampshire
st, near Eighteenth.
i">9 ELLIS — FLAT: 2 LARGE SUNNY
U_.__ rooms: separate entrance: yard: rent
cheap.
HEAP; FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS; YARD-
\J stable, etc 412 Eureka st ■ •-...-
A~N D 5 ROOMS: BaTH ;$ll, $12, $13; ELEC-
•x tic lines. 4585 Eighteenth st.
"1 j f*l FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT. OF 6
X i U2 rooms and bath.
7-ROOM FLAT; ALL MODERN IMPROVE-
I ments; new; rent $15. 2 Valencia st.
V'LAT.S fiTLKT AND PROPERTY FOR SALE
1 in all part* of the city. 2 Valencia st. ..-...:
<I 0 CONVENIENT SUNNY FLAT ~OF
. _____ tl ' r re" c "f OOlllB on wide street. 22 Rausch.
<2* 1 O MCI. PLAT OF SIX ROOMS. 226
9 ■*•*-*« Shipley st. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
A ROOMS OS FIRST KLOOR; 'LEAN AND
~t attractive: front and rear yards: unfinished
basement; on thai mini; private street fronting
park; to quiet family; $16. Dr-MPSTER, 36Glen
Part aye., oft Twelfth si. ..■
<feQ. 4 KUOMS: ..SEPARATE YARD, ETC.
tITKJ. *10— fa rooms: 'separate yard, etc. •
$12—5 rooms, bam, etc. ■
*13— 6 rooms, hath and trays.
142 Colilugwooa su, near Nineteenth.
_> PLATS-4 ROOMS AND 8 BOOMS*. COB.
O Parker aye. and St. Roses st : rent $12 and $8;
stable room for 6 horse*. . Key at dry-soods store
cor.' Par» aye. and i Oini Lobos road.
LOW -R PLAT— 4O7 7 TWKNTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: batn; targe
yard: sun all day: rent $14: water :ive. :~ :
r\ OWER .BA Y . ! DOW FLAT: 6. LARGE
J_ sunny rooms. 30 Mots st., bet Sixth and
Seventh, off Howard. --.-.
V BAT U.VPER FLAT — 6 ROOMS: BATH:
-Ji . rent reduced.'- "'ll Chestnut . at., near Po well.
&I[|TO f 12— PPKR AND 1.0 WER _*I__.~S, V S
(jPIW and 4 rooms each. 1008 NatoiAa, nr. 11th.
C_9O I*BB SACRAMENTO ST., "nr. HYDE—
1 — ". Fiat 5 sunny room* anil bath. .
ffji I : 6 BOOMS, BATH, i'.ANGE; LARGE
«1T 11. 'sunny, porch; water free. Jersey and
Bapohez sts.
'ATS TO ; lil-T— Conttoned.
IAI QHA YES — FLAT, ' 6 BOOMS AND
lrrli/ bath: reasonable. '
<_>1 9 ' 5 KOOMS IN GOOD ORDER; YARD;
«JjslZ. cheap. 312yi, Eighth st.
7»>r»« MCALLISTER— SUNNY UPPER FLAT;
I —.U4 4 rooms ''-•■ : ■ - .
SUNNY FLATS; 3 ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
kS ment: $20. 810 and 812 Ellis st. .
J~'LATB-4, 6 AND 6 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH:
laundry; from $13 60 np. 1513 a Mission near
Eleventh st.
15rj~Q 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIB-
±O. teen th st. above Valencia. •
LATS, 5 ROOMS; • RENTS $13 AND $14.
4061 Eighteenth St., near Castro.
9QI BUSH— UPPER FLAT OF 5 SUNNY
XO'i rooms and bath -.rent reduced; good view.
1 QA7 STELNER. NEAR SUTTER—
XOv 1 flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
Wf E RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
M treat people right. BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
f/'LAT 3 ROOMS; SEPARATE ENTRANCE;
X rent $10. 1325 Sacramento st.
RIGHT, MODERN ECONOMICAL FLATS; 6
rooms; bath; marine view; 2. 8 and 10 Han-
over place, off Sacramento st., below Mason; nice
neighborhood. Apply 320 Sansome, room 4.
-107Q TWENTY THIRD; 100 > EET FROM
ttl/ 1 V Castro cars: lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms; modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free. •
OWER KLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
Bide of street; rent $9 a month. 416 F.lngold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
J- low Bryant, 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
v.- 1 WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United >;«tes or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. ,^^_^^_^^^^_^^^_^^^___
UOUSEKEI-riy G KOOMS.
Buena Vista Avenue.
1 C BUENA VISTAi OFF HAIGHT AND
1 0 Baker— 2 snnuy housekeeping rooms,furnis h'd
Capp Street.
7A PL NICELY FURNISHED ROOM,
I ~10 with nse of kitchen and parlor; also single;
$10 and $5. . - -
Eddy 'street.
GOO EDDY — FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH
UO_l use of parlor, for housekeeping.
Eddy Place.
2KDDY PLACE— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
for housekeeping.
Eighth Street. .
IAO EIGHTH — HOUSEKEEPING ROOM
IvO with stove; other sun By rooms; $5 np.
Ellis Street.
C Q9 ELLIS— FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
00 & rooms, with bath.
nr\a ELLIS— 3 NICELY furnished sun-
I vU ny rooms, complete for housekeeping.
Fifth Street.
©Q SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN, BATH.
(IpO. sink, water: no children: private; also 2
sunny front rooms; $10. 314 Fifth st.
First Street.
9QA FIRST— S SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUBE-
_£Ov keeping; rent moderate.
lolsom Street.
QOO FOLSOM-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
CUt) bedroom; adjoining kitchen; yard; com-
plete housekeeping.
Fourth Street.
OAR FOURTH — SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
-w'±O and housekeeping; familes; newly fur-
nished; day, week or month.
'-{07 fourth— "Furnished HOUSEKEKP
Out ing rooms; bedroom and kitchen; $8 and
$9;
lieary Streec.
ml GEARY (REAR)- 3 SUNNY HOUSE-
_iX I 2 keeping rooms. Key, 217.
©1 C* 1911 GKARY, OPP. PARK— ALCOVE
«JplU. suite, adjoining room, with porcelain sink,
it closets, bath; furnished housekeeping rooms.
&9Q 5 COMFORTABLE ROOMS; BATH;
<£>_.«_>. all things necessary: 2 beds. 1917 Geary.
Halght Street.
9,4 HAIGHT— FRONT ALCOVE SUITE COM-
*-• i plete for housekeeping: bath, gas; $15.
Hayes street.
1 A I Q HAVES— FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH
Illy nse of kitchen: also flat of 5 rooms.
Hermann Street.
9fC HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
(— O rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath. -
il«>ivur<» Street.
J\(\A HOWARD— FURNISHED SUNNY
O\J~t housekeeping rooms; Ist floor: rent $10.
7 A'? HO RD — SUNNY FURNISHED
• 1— housekeeping rooms: also single: $1 up.
r 7A(A HOWARD— a HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
m* O HOWARD— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
XX'tt-u ing rooms; water; range; rent 912 50.
1 7^r HOWARD. NEAR FOURTEENTH—
X • OO Sunny bay-window alcove; gaa; bath;
kitchen: reasonable; gas stove.
9/190 HOWARD— OR § NEATLY FUR-
«— -t— »v' nished sunny bay-window rooms: fine
location; garden; $25.*
, Hyde Street.
61 HYDE ST.— 2 OR 4 UNFURNISHED (CaR- I
3 petcd) housekeeping rooms; bath.
I.arkin Street.
OnO LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY APART-
O--i) ments. furnished complete for homekeepg.
Q1 7 LARKIN— NICE HOUSEKEEPING, BIN-
OX I gle and double furnished rooms; $7 and up.
Linden , venue.
9Q LINDEN AYE., OFF VAN NESS, NEAR
**O Hayes su— Large unfurnished room; stove.
Jiiui.;, ,>treo».
9Q-I MINNA— 2 HOUSEKEEPING; COM-
Ol plete: cheap; also single. ■
MINNA —TWO LARGE BOOMS FOB
OttO housekeeping. - .
C7C MINNA— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FOR
0 I O housekeeping. •
21it>sinn street.
Cf»l MISSION, NEAR SECOND— SUNNY
OUX rooms, furnishea light housekeeping: also 2.
700 mission — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
1 OO rooms, also others, from $5 up. -
Q_t7 MISSION— OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
Us. I complete for housekeeping.
Montgomery Street,
71 R MONTGOMERY— NICELY FU RNIBH-
•X\) ed rooms for housekeeping; yard and
washroom: cheap rent. .
Nil to ma Street.
GC\Z. NATOMA— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
Ul/t) housekeeping; also single.
r7A~[ NATOMA st.— 2 furnished front
I il rooms; light housekeeping; bath and gas.
Oak street.
ffiJC HOUSEKEEPING ROOM . FOR RE-
»_")»J spectacle working woman; private day
home for children. 48 Oak st.
Octaviu Street. •
1 A_(\Q OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— SUNNY
XttUO bay-window and kitchen: from $7 M) up.
- Folk Street. \_.:
Q-| Q POLK— SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
CIO nished alcove, with kitchen, bath, running
water, cr.s. etc. : new carpet* and furniture, com-
plete for housekeeping; • also sunny flat, 4 rooms;
reasonable. " . >
Powell Street.
Ql A POWELL— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED RMS.
OJLv complete for housekeeping: reasonable. .
~~ Scott street.
■1 "'(* -\ A SCOTT— 3" OR 4 UNFURNISHED
iUITt rooms: bath: garden; rent reduced:. call
afternoon. : ■'■"■■ . _.
Silver Street.
1 n~ SILVER, NR. FOURTH— 2 FURNISHED
iDJ sunny rooms for housekeeping.
. sixth Street. ■
c9Q SIXTH.-- 4 GOOD UNFURNISHED
Ojju rooms and cellar; also 2 sunny unfurnished
rooms. :'-'.•-' •■'.•■' ■■■"- : '
Seventh Street.
1 '-*£? 7TH— LA RG X SUNN V ' FURNISH ED
1 O\) bousekpg rooms: veranda; yard ; reasonable
. South i';«. A.
■1 7. SOUTH PARK-2~FIRNISHKD ROOMS
1 I for housekeejiing, $10; 4 unfurnished, $10.
■ tevenson Street.
A(\O STEVENSON. CORNER ' FIFTH-«FUE-
IuO nlshed rooms for housekeeping. '-"1.-:" 1 .- : ,--; .-'.
'Taylor .Street.
1 OR TAYLOR— NICKLY.I FURNISHED
ll'O rooms for light housekeeping: : rent low.
. Tenth Street.
1 9/1 TENTn-ELEG AST 2 OR 3 5 HOUSE
X_-X keeping: tas stove; piano: private family.
. JQI TENTH— FUKNISHISD' UPPER I'LAT;
'iOl two large rooms; must bo seen to be appre-
ciated: $9. ! r - .
;' Third i Street.
ci q THIRD, j Tout h park— SUNNY
Ox V rooms, for housekeeping: range and run-
ning water. . ■ ' .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
: Twenty-sixth Street.
ml TWENTY-SIXT.., NEAR MISSION—
I I O"i Large sunny housekeeping suites, nicely
furnished; $9 to 812.
Washington Street.
rAQ WASHINGTON— UNFURNISH-
OXJZi ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
, Webster Street.
m WEBSTER— 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
nished rooms: modern improvements. '•:'.•
ROOMS TO lET.
Broderick Street. .
Toil BRODERICK— 3 unfurnished
lull rooms and bath, suitable for light house-
keeping, $11. ■ :
Bush Street.
Ql Q BUSH— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
010 rooms. .. .-■■;- - • V- ' . ■
QO£ BUSH— LARGE SUNNY ROOM. OVER-
UjO looking flower garden, *12: also single rm.
1 1 A'- NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
XX\J I 6 blocks from Kearny St.. reasonable.
Clara Street. '
O"! CLARA — FURNISHED FRONT ROOM;
— J-L rent cheep: board if desired. .
Eddy Place*
1 O EDDY— LARGE, SUNNY CORNER BAY-
L-_ window front room or suite: cheap. • •■- ~
. Ootkvia Street.
AI Ci OCTAVIA, , NEAR HAVES— 2 NICELY
til) furnished sunny front rooms; reasonable.
Edward Street.
I-lE- EDWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
110 rooms; $3, $4 and $5 per month.
J.i_;!tt U street.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOU&E, 28 BTH
0 at,, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Kills street.
THE RAMONA, 180 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot cold water.
DOSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XV at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
Fell Street.
QAQ FELL. NR. GOUGH— FURNISHED RMS.,
O\Jo single, couble and for housekeeping.
, 1 olsoun Street.
CI "J FOLSO iuNNY FURNISHED
Ox X rooms; folding bed; light housekeeping.
1 HI Ql FOLSOM— SINGLE FRONT ROOM:
lUIO2 rent $4. ' .- ' ■ '
T^URNISHED FRONT ROOMS SUITABLE
r for doctor; also single rooms. 1583 Folsom st.
Cirary street.
91 71 GEARY. REAR— TWO FURNISHED
-£X 12 rooms: key 217.
C 1 Q. GEARY— ELEGANT SUITE OF PAR-
>MO lors; other rooms; light housekeeping if
desired.
aQQ GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
"TOO sunny corner suite; also sunny single front
rooms.
Q(\ I GEARY— ELEGANT BAY-WINDOW
O" 1 rooms; others; private; handsome new
corner flat. .
Golden Gat* Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE— SUNNY FRONT
Ax O rooms, suitable for 2; also single; $5 up.
C] (• GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HANDSOMELY
01. U furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men.
r C)r GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 SUNNY
' '— O rooms suitable for 1 or 2 persons; $8 and
$10. -
Grant Avenue.
ml GRANT AYE.— FURNISHED ROOMS
3 by day. week or month; transient.
Howard Street.
71 9 HOWARD— PRIVATE: SUNNY FUR-
1 X.£i nisbed rooms: #4 SO.
1 fiTH HOWAKD— SUNNY front ROOM;
lulu hot and cold water; $6 month.
Harrison Street.
7791 HARRISON. NR. FOURTH-FINELY
I I Znt furnished sonny rooms; bath; yard;
closet; $1 per week.
T ARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH
Ju kitchen. 954 Harrison st. .
Hawthorne Street.
9f|l HAWTHORNE, BET. SECOND AND
-SU2 Third, of? Howard — Nicely furnished sunny
front room with bath: $5 month.
Qzl^ HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
ulu nis led room: suitable for 2: bath.
1 1 MQ HOWARD— LARGE FRONT AND SI
A X\jV gle bay-window room; nicely furnished:
private. .
Jackson Street.
Ql (\ JACKSON ST., NEAR MASON— FUR-
<JX.\J nisbed and unfurnished rooms to let.
■loses .->.reei.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
single rm. ; also sunny alcove rm. : private.
907 '"neb - the" Tax WINKLE: NEW
_. \J • manasement: plecant snnny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc: SIU to *Xil.
oTVq JONKS-ELEOANT PARLOR SUITE;
O\JU suitable 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
XI Q JONES, Ni-AR GEARY-$6; SUNNY
OX O front room.
KOA J° N E - L ARG J_ SUNNY FRONT
U--VJ rooms, $7, $10, $13: gas and bath.
Larkln Street.
Ol Ql LARKIV — HANDSOME ALCOVE
Olt/2 suite, with or without large connecting
oom; privilege of light housekeeping: terms
moderate. ,
1 007 PARKIN — SUNNY FURNISHED
XVJ\J I suite; also single rooms; all conveniences.
Leavenworth Street.
m LEAVEN WORTH. NEAR POST—
Nicely furnished, sunny parlors: gentlemen
only ; references. j
Linden Avenue.
904 LINDEN AYE.— THREE NICE SUNNY
-Oi rooms; plankd yard; cheap to small family.
--«=*. rny Nireo..
* RLINOTON HODBK, 127 KEARNT— PLBAS-
A. ant gunny rooms, en suite and single; first clans
In < very resp«ct: terms rtasonabla.
.Vnrkft Street.
"V OSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 350 to $1; week, .f 1 50 to $5: families.
Mary Street.
91 1 MARY, BET. MISSION AND HOWARD—
£>Xi, Neatly furnished rooms: cheap.
' Mason Street.
,11 7 MASON— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
"AX I suites and single; reasonable.
Aiiiiiih -treet.
1 CO MINNA— LARGE FRONT SUNNY RMS.;
XOO $1 per week upward. ■ .
/•f>7 MIN A. COR. KIOHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nlshed bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
j. iMlan rvoi.
7971 MISSION-FURNISHED SUNNY
4—12 double room: gas: bath; $7.
HE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; SSc tosl 50 a day.
Ate MISSION— FURNISHED SUN-
-*> ny suites, or single; reasonable; board op-
tional.
Ninth Street.
1"I Q NINTH — 2 BAY-WINDOW ROOMS;
II O sunny; central: cheap: lower flat.
1 9QI NINTH— SUNNY ROOMS, SINGLE OR
X_..Ovi double, light housekeeping it desired;
from $4 to $10. ■ .
O'i<arrell Street. ■
I 99 O'FARBELL — NICELY FURNISHED
JL__; room for a gentleman; all conveniences;
central ; $7.
N* ICE SUNNY ROOM: $5! USS OF BATH.
1* 536 O'Farreil st. •
j OAI O'FA RRKLL--SU NN V CORNER: FUR-
Ov >■ niahed parlor bedroom; suitable tor 2.
UNNY BEDROOM, KITCHEN AND BATH"
room with use of parlor, $12. 1435 O'Farrel.
Post Sirea;.
907 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS,
— >\J I suitable for downtown clerks; $6 up.
Qin post— HOOM FOit -NB, OR TWO
OXXJ . . gents., closet, running water, ref.: $8 or? 10.
Q99 POST— FINE PLEASANT BACK ROOMS
tJ___- furnished %or housekeeping; separate en-
trance; large yard *»IU.
Klucon Place.'
09 KINCON^ PLACE — I" SUNNY. FUR-
O£ Dished front room. •
- Second Street. • .
j C9Q SECOND — »' SUNNY UNFURNISHED
O&O rooms. and bath; modern improvements,
j yard; $10; water free. : • .
Silver Street.
"I CI SILVER- SUNNY, . SINGLE AND
I «'l double, for gentlemen; bath: hot and cold
water. ■■../. . • .-• :, ■ ■.■..-. ;, .
- Sixth Stree:." :
OAA SIXTH-SUNNY FRONT HOUSEKEEP-
-i"^i Ing rooms: completely furnished.
_9U SIXTH — SUNNY.. 1 SINGLE FRONT
_?_Jt/ room. ':•'-'' : •::".-■' ■
' ROOMS TO ! _,ET— Contlnaed. .
Stockton street.
41 n STOCKTON— 2 LIGHT HOUSEKEEP-
tt-L I - ing rooms. 811: single room, *5 or $ 6. ■
utter street.
r\f\ A SUTTER. COR POWELL— SUNNY FR'NT
O\J\J gnlte, furnished or unfurnished; other rooms.
I 7(\O SUITER. COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANT
_•_"" furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
TTNFURNISHED "~A_JCOVE ROOM; RENT
*J. »10. 935SntterBt. . "
■IIIISOTTER- NICELY FURNISHED j
lill rooms, single, suits, also housekeeping. -
Taylor Street. •
"I A Q TAYLOR—ELEGANT FRONT SUITE,
-L^«7cor. Taylor and Eddy: also sunny front
rooms from $2 per week up; newly furnished,
NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; MODERN
improvements; rent reasonable. 410 Taylor st.
Al A TAYLOR — GENTLEMAN'S APART-
i I^ ments, nicely furnished; running water. .
PIOO TAYLOR— FURNISHED SUN-
O±d+j ny rooms; gentlemen preferred.
Valencia Street .'.
1 CiA^V- A L CIA — LARGE SUNNY
X\JI:O% suite; 814; with bath; also small room.
■ Van Ne_s Avenue. ,
7Q4. VAN NESS AYE. — FRONT SUNNY
I OS: ballroom, f6; no sign.
1 091 VAN - NESS; AYE., COR. GEARY —
X\J£iX Sunny front room; $8. . . - v- -
Miscellaneous.
SAUSALITO — LARGE GROUNDS: FINE
-J view; ; pleasant rooms for gentlemen; also
housekeeping. Boiler. Swlsher House, Sansallto.'
ISOAEDING AND ROOMS.
rfi nT^EARY'^rFIRST-CLASS -""rOOM^A-TB
* i-v/ board; refined surroundings; references.
-[ ARGE . SUNNY FRONT -SU ITE, . WITH
XJ board ; also a single room; all strictly first-class ;
in private family; references exchanged. Address
M. R., box 43, Call Office. '
1 .ELVEDERE— PRIVATE FAMILY CAN AC-
*l> commodate a few boarders; beautiful location
near the water: references. R. ELMER.
1 9 ( >n MCA LLISTER-FINELY FURNISHED
I.—— sunny rooms, with or without board.
rn<) ELLIS — PARLOR FLOOR, 3 ROOMS;
OVO also others; references. •
OOD BOARD : WITH ROOMS CAN BE BE-
cured at a desirable location in Berkeley. In-
quire r.t this office. ;
CH"> POW-KLL ST.. COR. SUTTER— FUR-
OVJ— nlshed rooms, with board: terms reasonable,
1 OflQ SUITER FURNISHED ROOMS,
X— UO with or without board: prvt family; refs.'
171 POLK (NORM ANDIE)— ELEGANT
Illy rooms, single and suites; newly fur-
nished: opens June 1 as a first-class family hotel;
references. . "■■•-. :
Holl.L BERTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern convenlenrp*. ■ :
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW \V^>VLb'''LTKJE~T~c"HILDREN*~'TO
>' board: famished room for parent. 916 Jack-
son st., near .Mason.
WIDOW WISHES INFANT OR TWO CHIL-
'» il ron to board; healthy locality. Address C. F.,
box 78, Call Office. .
LiC)V PINE ST.— INFANT OR CHILDREN TO
')— 1 board; refined home: best of care.
TTESPECTABLE GERMAN FAMILY WANTS
1* 1 or 2 children to board and care for; large
play-ground; garden: first-class home cooking;
all plain and fancy needlework taught free to
Klrls; reasonable. Address W. E.. box 81, Call.
1 OK 2 CHILDREN WANTED TO BOARD;
i- mother's care. Address C. H., box 17. Call.
■SUMMEK RESORTS. ~~
HOTEL VICTORIA, SONORA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and I
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hole. Victoria will be found of - the highest
order; rates flO to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISO.n'. lessee. __^
j STORES TO LET.
COr KEARNY— LARGE STORE AND
O+jO cellar .......f125
519 Kearny 50
515 Third— Store, 3 rooms, cellar, etc., for
bakery so
1049 Folsom— store. 4 rooms . .... 15 1
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
LARGE STORE AND LOFT; USE OFELEVA-
tor; Mission st., bet. Third and Fourth: rent !
reasonable. Inquire E. PETERSON, 324 Bush st. '
S7X 306 -MONTGOMERY AYE., WITH !
I <T •O. tin brooms In rear. ASHTON A GAR- I
DINER. 411 Montgomery.
LKASANT STORE TO RENT; FIXTURES
for sale; rent cheap: must be sold on account
of sickness. 1924 Market st.
rpo LET-PART OF STORE. 104% STOCKTON
1 street. ; , :
POLK— DELICATESSEN STORE TO
I \JO let; tenant just moved out; rent $18; busi-
ness established; rooms in rear; fine chance for
somebody.
r , r , n r , offi<;ks to lkt. ~
o^t^r^s^lsnny7sffic'es Tt^let- do(?
tor called to Europe: reasonable. Apply Call
Oißce. . .
> )C\ SUITES IN MARYE LAW BUILDING,
«JP— TF. 1504 Market St.. cor. City Hall aye. ASU-
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
1 AO TAYLOR, COX. TURK-ESTABLISHED
1 \J£i doctor's office; corner: sunny; rent rea-
sonoiiab c. ■ . '-'-■:-.
ESKKOOM, MILLS BUILDING. ROOM 6.
Sixth floor.
QOQI AND 707 SUTTER— CHOICE FOR OF-
— ')•£ flees and residence combined; reasonable.
On O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
— ■<-> electric lights, elevator and janitor services.
QO9 MARKET, OPP. MASON— OF
000 various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises. *
OPRKCKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
0 Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electrlc-llght;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. r.'.jIISKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
PROPOSALS.
PRINg" VALLEY "WATER WORKS, 516
California street, San Francisco.— bids j
will be received at the secretary's office of the !
•Spring Valley Water Works, 518 California street, i
; up to 12 11. on the first day of June next, for any I
part of live thousand (5000) shares of tho stock of
the company, in lots of not less than ten (10)
shares.
All stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the 11th day of June following, and ;
must )>e taken and paid for on or before the l&th !
of said month.
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
five if 5) dollars, per share, In gold coin or certified
check.- . '." 1 .-■■■ .-■
No bids will be entertained at less than ninety-
nine ($99) dollnrs per snare.
By order of the Board of Trustees.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
San Francisco, May 21, 1896.
PROPOSALS— STATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
X sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk at State Prison, San Qoentin, until 10
I A. M., Saturday, the 13th day of June. 1896, and
i at the oftice of the clerk at State Prison, Folsom,
until 9:30 a. m.. Saturday, the 20th day of June,
1896, at which times and places they will be
opened in presence of bidders, for furnishing ]
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsls ence stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other staple supplies,
from July 1. 1890. to June 30, 1897, inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which wlil be
furnished upon application at either of the above
offices -..--■■
No bid will be considered unless made upon said,
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the certified
check » therein required,' nor from any other I
parties than bona-lide dealers .In the classes
of articles .to be furnished. Each bidder must
I accompany his bid with ' a certified check
I upon Homo well-known and responsible
lankliig-huuse for at least 10 • per cent of the
amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presi-
dent of said board, of his bid, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into _ contract upon notice of ac-
ceprance as quired by law.
• Bids for either prison -'roust be marked sepa-
ra;e y. . All payments mlde on contracts will be
paid In cash or Controller's warrants. : ■
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
Hie schedules.
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the pn bile interest may require,. and to or-
der any quantity, over or under the amoun • speci-
fied. R. M. FITZGKRALD, President.
J. V. Ellis, Clerk. .
LEGAL NOTICES.
VfOTICE — NOTICE 18 HEREBY ' GIVEN
— V thai the Cliy. Treasurer of los Angeles, Cal.,
is prepared to pay funding bonds, Nos. 11, 12, 13,
14, 16, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20. 21, 22. 23. _4. 25, 86,
for the sum of $500 each, issued in 81, with all
interest accrued thereon, on presentation at the
office of the City Treasurer of Lo- Angeles, Cal.;
and if . the same are not presented for redemption
within forty (40) days after the first -publication
of this notice the interest on said bonus will ce"se.
W. A. HART WELL. City Treasurer.
1 Los Angeles, Cal.. May 28 189J , -.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT, NI nTH
Judicial Circuit. Northern District of Cali-
: lornia. - '...- .- •-,: ■— > ■- \ .-,'■■
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court. . ; .- •
Pursuant to section 634 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States It is " - ." -
Ordered that a : special - session of : the I Circuit
Court of the United States or America of the
Ninth Judicial circuit, In : and -for. the Northern
District of California, be and hereby is ■ appointed
to be held at the courtroom 1 of said court lln the
United states Appraisers' building," in the City
and County of San .Francisco, in I said district, on
Friday, the 12th day of June, in the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six,
I at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. - -
Witnens :my hand ' and . seal ' at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty-sixth day of
Way, A. D. 1896. '
Seal. I Signed] JOSEPH McKENNA.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
■ : trict • • ... ■.■■-.- --.-.-•' .= ..-:-.■. - ■■
. To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
< Marshal, Northern District of California,
. And W. J. COST IO AN Esq., Clerk -- United States
77 Circuit Court, Northern District of California, rV;
EDUCATIONAL.
■piAN b Wesson s" at^tea^he'r's" 'hoc:seJ 1
± 25c an hour. M., box 163, Ca!l Olnce. t
ATTEND STIEH_'SCOLLE"geT723 MARKET '
■C\. St. The very best ■ individual Instruction: '
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen- J
manshlp, Typewriting, etc, $1; books free. .
DR. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS. BY ,
_ planets from date birth; by mail, 2. Geary \
PrivXteTacademy of DANCING; CLASS- ]
es Tues. and Frl. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st. •
"V W PROPOSITION IN. SHORTHAND \
-I-* writing: : common wri ing requires an average -
of sup or down strokes per sound, and writes 25 1
words per minute; therefore. If you write every ■
sound by one up or down stroke you may write 1
125 words - without abbreviations. HECHT'S
school' of, ten-letter shorthand and typewriting ■
(two months'" coursa $25). room 70S, Sprockets 1
buildiug, 927 Market at.. >an Francisco. _ ]
BOuKKEKPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT- <
JJ ant teaching; y3y 3 time and far more practical -
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market. 1
pROFESSbR"^TMANSFJE"LD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market. j
. JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
J Ninth St. - \ .- ' •-■■"'■■
OOKKPNO, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAM R
day & nUht; noclasses :ss month. 845 Mission
/1 UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
Vjr lessons: $3mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Mazo bld.,r./17.
SPANISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages. 122 Farrell s:
YRES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; Individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship 50: low rates per week and month.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAJ_, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. si. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723Mfct.
H BALD'S BUS IN ESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, basinets practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, mod era
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V lGil TS>CHOOL;aKALI.'!sIirS. L'<)LLtuE;2»
1^ I'int:comin«n'i;i!. »horrha-i(1. En;'lish : iow r»'«<
~ " MEDICAL. , ——
LL CASES OF IRREGULARiTIES BE-
stored in a few boars: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement- regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. PR. WYKTH, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
SYCHO-MAGNETIC CO. CURES PARALY-
X sis, rheumatism, insanity, heart and lung
trouble, al! aches and pains, nervous prostration
and general debility, without medicine: no charge
unless en red. Room 11, 8 Mason st., cor. Market.
pHEUMATISM CURED BY MAGNETIC AND
XX electric treatment. WALLACE, 20i£ Stockton.
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
ptCARD'SPIi-LS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty; also "Pine Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland. -
RS. DR. WEOENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR "ANY KK.vTaLE Dis-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 254% Fourth sU
"MICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
i.™ alt female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office. 235 Kearny st., room 9."
MR?-." DR. WEGKMEK. PRIVATE HOME
• for all female diseases: separate rooms for la- I
dies before and during confinement: all female I
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and j
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; infallible preventa-
tlves. $1. 419 -ddy st. ■
AN PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
! cases guaranteed. -DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
PRIVATE HUM:; IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth at.. Alameda.
DR. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex;' latest improved method of treatment;
never falls; perfectly harmless: free from auy bad
fleets: never makes them sick: to make them
j well: travelers helped Immediately -. prices to suit
1 the times; home in confinement. DR. <k mils.
DAVIK4. 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. .French regulating pink pills, .*'_.
DKS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir- ■
! regularity in one day. cure or no charce: separata
. home for patients; best skill; medical attend-
nee: low Sees; regulator, $_ 1870 Market si.
S" URECUKE FOR AL~L~FKM ALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKB.-K.OWYHK,' 226 Turk St.
f> IRREGULAR OR ANY KM ALE DISEASE,
1 don't fall to see MRS." PR. PUETZ, 254y 3 4th.
1 \H. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER M'KKCT, WEAK
Xy_Jon<>s. Diseases of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS—A BOON TO
x\. ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 -..press C. O. D. don't delay :
PDtil too late. OSUOOD BROBm Oakland. Cal.
Jr'Oli SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
C (\(\ CHICKS; 10c EACH: HATCHED" BY
O\J\J i-chnle's .self-regulating hot-water incu-
bator; best In the world. 1213 Valencia st. .
4 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
~t gine; nearly new. DR. C. K. FARNUM, 681
Market St. • « '; ■ . . .' ..
1/RESH COW FOR SALE. MISSOURI AND
X? Marlposa sts.. Potrero.
IriOß S \LE—2 MALTESE KITTENS, CHEAP.
r 1 Little Rnss St.. off Howard. ..----:
p ENTLE FAMILY COW CHEAP. APPLY
vJ 912 Francisco st. '
VOX SALE - BARGAIN IN OFFICE FIX-
L counter, table, railings, chairs, platform-
scale, liandtruck. typewriter, stove, etc. Address
105 Sacramento st.
IfINEMIL H LOW; CHEAP. APPLY3OCTH
' side of Point Lobos and Thirty-third ayes.
EW $105 BICYCLK FOR $60; NEVER
i> ridden. Call at 101 Van Ness aye.
VTKW UND-HAND " '95" BICYCLES, $25 TO
— $65. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
OUST SHELVING, SHOWCASES j
, bought and sold, 1121 Market, 7th & Bth. |
j SIX-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
1 engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 21f>
Bay st. •'"** ' ' - - ■■
i""IRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING--
: J- ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
I box 100, this office. .
ECOND-HAND GAS OR OAc-OLINE EN-
glnes: various sizes: guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. __^
ARUAIN.S TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES:
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
OILERsTeNGIN Es, AN~b MACHINERY,
Waterpipes. Slclntosli & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY~CAKKIAGfc..-» AND RATTAN FURNI.
tnre bought ac the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
..UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH_3
I > doors, mantels, etc for sale. 1166 Mission.- '
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proo.' safe. 109. 11l Market st.
Turk AND burglar SAFf, . LETTER-
X: press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 10- Clay.
RANGES CHE A THAN SKCOND-
I>i hand. W. a RAY Mf; Co., 12 California v..
"
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTE-L.
1 8 Ackers <t w, Portland Miss I^ewls, Portland
J Glendening, Pa Miss EGlaffee, Los Ang
C F edlson, NY .G E snyder, Chicago
A A Kelly, Bulte W F Knox, Sac o
W George <&w, sacto ' J Tre«Uwell, Sacto
X E Biggs. Gridley J 1) Jcvils. Cal
F Parkenson, Cal Mrs X McQuiddy, Cal
C Hamilton, Nevada J J Bergen, I o* Ang /
Miss V Bergln, Ft Worth JMcGee. salt Lake
J A Gill, sacto : H Parker, Salt Lake
E Hanson, sucto H Walker, Willows
P C Maiden. Wash • J A UasK-e.il, al
J B Fallon. Sau Rafael H Curry, Martinez
H X White, BPnicia J Saler, Red woo I City
N H Craig, Cal ■ ■. ' : Misses Saler. Redwood
I Gonig it w. N Zealand J I'xtterson, Vallejo '-
Mrs A ilurris. snta Rosa Mrs McCallum a - osa
Miss M Hahmanu.S Rosa Mrs P Preston. S Rosa
Miss Hahmann, s Rosa Miss Reynolds, S Rosa
Miss Chyler,' Santa Rosa '. J Fraser. Cal ■:■-
F W Judson, Sacto ' P Hahmann Aw, S Rosa
.1 Lazier. X C ■ * M McGeal, Los Ang
J CTice, BO D Miller, Sacto \
Mrs J Keyes. Stockton - W Travers &w, Cal
A N Carroll, Boston T Scott, Sacto
L A spli/er & w. S Jose -'
LICK HOUSE.
Mrs W B Brown, Sacto . Mrs Dr W Baldwin,
Admiral Evashlntsuff.Or OJ Woodward, Fresno
s J Stabler, Yuba City , Dr H R Arn.lt, Cal .
J C Money, St Heleja: 8 H Johnson, san Jose
.1 X Govan, sacto . DC Robertson, Sacto
J Copeland.Walleclto Mrs F Williams, Cal
Mrs A P Bernard, Cal Mrs Thos Mann, Or .
-Mrs Chus Healey, Or ■ Rev H McNamara. Cal :
J Tyson, sarta Cruz .E P Colgan. Sacto "
W I'uiterfleld &f, Cal Silas Carle, Sacto .-^
X X Anderson A w, Cal - Jas Dougherty. San Jose
B R Gardner, NY Mrs C M Gardner, N V
C 11 Gardner Jr. NY — Miss Helen Gardner, NY
Chas M Coglan A w. Cal W Sylven, Wash. D C
T W Kichardson, Or las F Peck. Merced ;
M Marks &w, Omaha:; Alfred Gonzales. Cat.,.: -:
.1 H Lane, Umibi'jß W 11 Clay Jr, Culaveras
Geo _ilaKe.'<.al, - M F W Bachaer. Cal
W W Harrison, N V . Mrs-M B Haynev Cal
Mrs a II <;ii>t>ard, Cal Mrs B W CUyton, Cal ,
F J Richardson, or Grayson Lewis, St Louis
NEW . WESTERN HOTEL.
G Samuels, Stockton . Mrs R Sherman, Alton M
Mrs J H 1 .iimuiill. Or 8 tSothers. Manchester
J X Higsins. V'allejo J R Cronln. Cordeli 1 •
C H Lewis. Harrlshurg \V Abrahams. Kachnow
E Rodes & w. W Plains j Charles Philips, W Plains
A Mail Blue Creek' J E Appleby, Blue Creek
<. I', rant, Hot Springs ' Oscar 1-aphun, Los Gatos
II Will lams. Los (Jams '. Daniel Lucker, Lomis -
James Winters, Lomis Henry Brown, Lomis
R Janty, Lomis -■■ .■ :-. ■ , J Sh.f, 1 Stockton '
D McCarthy, Huddle T. X B Arnold, Eugene r:
L Kirby. Sanaalito
COSMOPOLITAN , HOTEL I
A W Judd, Palo Alto ' M McCollister, Chicago
E L Worcester, 111 Miss McCollister.Chlcago
T Flaherty, Sacramento C 8 Aleachan Aw, N V
W E O'Brien, Vancouver T E Flaherty.Sacramento
1' ,W Forrest.Los Angeles J F Brown, bonora
H Andersen, Ridding A Mathews, Los Angeles
J-E Thompson, Stockton G Mathews, Los Angeles
W H Brown &tarn, Wash E B btowell. Tacoma
Mrs M Boiler, Pi Reyes N Butler, Point Reyes %
E W Eiler & bro. Sonora W G Talmage &w, Neb !
H Bragdon, Omaha J P I lan sen, Vacaville;
J A Moore, Vacaville , C J Hutchinson, Spokane
F L Bernard!, Portland P Carney, Portland
C X White, Idaho ' J W Pogue, Portland
W A Duff, Montana W Harden, Astoria
MrsGundlach&d,|OreKon Miss Nelson. Portland
Miss L Lewis, Helena ■ A Glasgow, Helena
P Gordon, Helena ' G C Scheurer. Portland ■
I Vinceut. Portland . L Kennie Aw. Portland
D R Winn & f, Portland CE White, Denver
R L McKenzle <fcf. Idaho Mrs E Lanston, L Grande
Miss E Weathers,LGrnd T H Hayes. Independnce
G A Brown w.Portland G Winters, Sacramento
J Loman <fe\v,SuterCreek W Nellls, Columbia
I C Luper. Portland F C Warren, Portland
0 A Warren. Portland J A Hazlet, Portland
R A Cnrtln, Stockton I A Moore, Stockton
T P Kinch, Marysville -. I H Wiley, Wash ;
1 Rueer A w, Portland •
PALACE HOTEL.
L Dennis, Victoria P M Calsell, Ohio
EE, Prnssing, Chicago R H Talbrett <few, N V
Dr Walrbuer, Germany ' B Minyeshimer, N V
W Hallworth, Toronto DrDi ampbell. Mont
L J Reynolds, Mont . G M Gouyard, W.tsh
J V Griffin * w, Manitba Miss J yminuon, Ont
H Fronageot. Peris' -'■ Mrs M A Williams, Dnvr
Miss E Harris, Denver W H Cramer, Phila •
N A Corarrubieus. Los A H W Harding &w, Dnvr
F G McNally, Chicago C Hebard Aw, Phila
Miss Case, Phlla J David, N V
J Morgan, Oroville E F Sweeney, Seattle
J Smoulter <& w, Pa T B Rickey, Carson
S Lustey, NY W W Tyler, San Jose
Miss Strong, NY Mrs Strong, N V
M H Livingston, NY E X Guenther A w, Tex
P S Reeves _. w, Phlla "- T F Burgdorff, USN
I D Bennet, U S N C B PitUado, Winnipeg
W H Allderdlce, U8 H W Rupp, Nauvoo ■
H Weller, 111 J W Gilleapie, N V
W S Jones <* w, Or ■ ' . .
.-.; BALDWIN HOTEL. '; •
T E Mullen, Fresno J E Smyths, Pasadena
A C Llghtenhall.Denver C A Jenks, Oakland
W Levy. Woodland J Ii Roberts, Sacto
Mrs D D Rogers, Fresno W D French, Colusa
J B Taylor, Oakland O Brown, Los Angeles
T O Cannack, St Louis E Lyman, Los Angeles
H V Brown, Chicago ' J H Droste. St Louis
R P Brown, St Louis J W Gearin, Portland
Mrs Mclntyre&cn, Mont W L Hackett, Oakland
L R Falrchild, St Louis ! P Hummel, St Louis
A Z Cohen, NY I Cohen, N V
M R O'Brien, Staten I G Rothemal. San Jose
B D Morgan, NY S Lustig. N V
J Jones, Oroville ' W D Davis, Hongkong
A S .Harbour, vValltjo M Simmon, Vallejo
LATEST SUTERCAN INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
SATURDAY, May 80.
. Stmr Empire, Anderson, 75 hours from Astoria;
lumber, to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Bktn Retriever, Bo?an, 9 days from Port Had
locs : lumber, to W J Mams.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, 12 hours from Collins
Landing; 75 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Helen NKimball, Helllngsen, 9 days from
Tacoma; lumber, to Dicktns Lumber Co.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK—Arrived May SO-S:mr City of
Rome, from Glasgow; stmr La Bourgogne, from
Havre.
Sailed May 30— Stmr La Bretagne, for Havre;
stmr Vfendam, for Rotterdam; stmr Phoenicia,
for Hamburg; stmr Umbria, fjr Liverpool: stmr
Aller, for Bremen: stmr Fa Ida, for Naples; stmr I
Ethiopia, for Glasgow; stmr Schiedam, for
Amsterdam. ..
HAMBURG—Arrived out May 30—Stmr Augusta
Victoria.
HAVRE—Sailed May 30-Stmr La ursine,
for New York. •
SOUTHAMPTON—SaiIed May 30—Stmr St Paul,
for New Yoru.
COPENHAGEN—SaiIed May 2B— Slmr Thing
valla, for .N-w York.
GLASGOW-Salled May 29-Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for New York. ■;•.:..
GIBRALTAR-Passed May 27—Stmr Patria,
from New York for Naples.
DOVER— Passed May 29— Stmr Hohenstaufen.
from Bremen for New York.
BiKIU8 — — DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. I They must be handed In a*.
either of the publication others and be indorse!
with the name and residence of persons authorize.!
to have the same published, ■ .
BOR.V. :• .Vt*y
AHLERS— In this city, May 29. 1896, to the wife
of A. William Ahlers, a daughter. **.
BRILLIANT— May 11. 1896, to the wife of A.
Brilliant, a daughter.
BROWN— In this city. May 22, 1898, to the wife
of George G. Brown, a daughter.
DE GUERRE— In this ely, May 26, 1896, to the
wife of A. S. J. de Guerre, a son.
DUCRaY— In this city, May 29. 1896, to the wife
. -of Justin Dncray, a son.
FAR 'ELI.— In this May 23, 1896. to tile
wife of George L. Farrell. 3 son. ;
GALLAGHKR— this city, May 19, 1896, to the
u-ire of William J. G-illag'ier, a son.
LA ID LAW— In this city. May 29, 1896, to the
wife of Dr. Horace Lsiidlaw, a son.
McGOWN— In this city. May 28, 1896, to the wife
of Lee McGown Jr.. a son.
MARINO— In this city. May 28. 1896, to the wife
of Dominic Marino 1 son.
NELSON— In this city. May 25, 1898, to the wife
of . L. W. Nelson, a son.
WETZEL— In this city. May 10. 1896. to the wife I
. ot Antone We z-»l. •< 30:1.
— —^ 1
MARRIED.
EMKERTSON-BEI.L -In this city. May 16, |
1896 hr the Rev. D. Nugent, Thomas Einb<?rt-
son of England and Kittie Bell of San Francisco.
di-su:
Ashim. Simon , Nelson, Harry
I Canadian, Kate - , O'Rriev. Mrs. Julia
Do' an. Minnie Perry. Rose
Flower. Susanna P. Schiller. John M..
Hoy:, Fletcher 8. Saft g, J. G.
Johnston, William P. ■ Schou. Charles N.
Kirmai. Richard Sperwar. Mary G.
- Lavin. Thomas Waltermlre, Clinton C
McElroy, James Wilson, Hannah T.
ASniM— Friends of the la'.e Simon Ashim are re-
spec'fulty InvitM to fttfeni th* dedication of a
monument THIS DAT (Sunday).- at 12:30
o'clock r. v., at H;lls of Eternity Cemetery.
CALL •GH AN— ln this city, May SO, 1898, Kate,
beloved sister of Thomas and Peter Callaghan,
a native of Klllmainham. Kells, County Meath,
Ireland, aged 63 years. -
_3"Friencu and acquaintance ar* rosn9Ct-
fn'.lv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday).' at 8:90 o'ciock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallather, 20 Fifth street,
'thence io M. Patrick's Church, where a solemn
reg -iem mast 111 be' celebrated for the repose
. of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ■•
DOLAN— In this city. May SO. 1898, at her late
re--idencn. 135 Ash avenue. Minnie, dearly be-
loved wife of Thomas . F. Dolan, and sister of
John. Annie and Sar.ih O'Hanlon. a native of :
County Armagh. Ireland, aired 29 years.
. Jt _r~ -Notice of funeral hereafter.
FLOWER— Tn this c!ty. May '8. 1896. Susanna
Pveoorirp. beloved wife of August Flower, sis er
of Mrs. E. II:' (ierc'vjn, aunt of William and
Charles Gercken, Mrs. Alex Dijeau and Mrs.
, Frank Derm, a n:nlvc of Germany, aged 49 years
, 1 month and 22 days. .
AT* Friends and acquaintances are . reso«ct-
foil -.- Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday). ; at ' 2 o'clock p. vr.. from the par-
' lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
, street, under the ausp'cas of Hoffnan; Lodge No.
1. < Tier of Hermann's Sons, Sisters O. d. H. S.
Interment. I. O. O. F. Cerneterr. ; . ■ - •
HOYT— In Alameila. May 28, 1896. Fletcher S.,
. beloved husband of Gertrude Werner Hoyt, son
. of Mrs. C. K. Cadman, and grandson of Mr. and
Mrs. Stepien; Fletcher, a native of San Fran- I
cisco, a^cd 25 years 4 months and 7 days. [San
Francisco and San Jose papers please copy. ]
Interment at Mountain View Cemetery
; May 27. ' ' . -
JOHNSTON— WiIIiam Presley Johnston died In
thiscit-. May .SO, 1898, n;el 50 years 5 months
, and 18 days, a native of Kittanuing. Pa. .;■■-.,
«_rTlie -deceased leaves a widow and three I
-. children — Sirs. Harriet Johnston, Presley T., j
John R. and Be le H. Johnston. Interment ',
S?cramonto. Funeral to take place from Cali-
| fornia Undertaking Parlors, corner Stockton and
Geary streets.
KIRMAN— In this city. May 29 1896. Richard
■ Kirraan, a native of England, aged 70 years 7
• months and 26 days. , ;
LA VI In this cit.-. May 30, 1896, Thomas, be-
loved brother of John Lavin, a native of Ireland,
aged 57 years. • ■' ._
MCELROY— Ukiah, May 28, 1896, James
; Randall McKlrow a native of Albany, N. V.,
aeed 71 year* and 5 months.
NKISON— In this city. May 30, 1896, Harry. be-
' loved son of Frank and Kmma Nelson, a native
: of Seattle. Wash., aged 3 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city. May 29, 1896, Mrs. Julia
O'Brien, aped 7 4 years.
PERKY— In Cone Mad»ra. Marin County. May.
'29. 1890. Rose, beloved daughter of . Joan C. and
Lois Perry, and sister of; Minnie. Sadie. Jennie
Harry and John Perry, \ a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 16 years 6 months and 2 days. ■
■" MJf remains can be seen until Sunday morn-
inK at the parlors of the s Golden <^ate Under-
- taking Company, 2429 Mission street. Interment
THIS DAY (Sunday) at rialfmoon Bay.
BAFTIO-In 1 this city, May 30, 1896. at his lat<>
residence. 912 i liber; street, J. G.. ■ husband of
Marie Saftiß. and father of Mrs. C. Missonier.
• i rn ? 111 1 Bafti», M. Le Grande and J. G. Saf-
tig Jr.. and . grandfather of tlsa and ueorge
Eraent and Ernest Saitig Jr., a native of Prussia,
aged 53 years.
•SSTOfflcers and members of Teutonia Council
No. 66, O. C. F-. and San Francisco Starnm N ■.
248. U. O. K. M., and friends are respectfully in-
; vited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the residence, -12
> ; * ilbert street, thence, to .. P.ed ; An. ■ Hall. 510
B:ish street, where - funeral ; services will take
nlace. , Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SCHOU— In this city. May _9. 1836, Charles N.,
be.oved husband of > Motile Schou, and father or
Edith and 'Georgia -Schou. ani brother oi :,Mr«.
. Kati<- ; Hocti,ii untlveof Bornholm, Denmark,
. ; aved 36 years 5 months and _3 days. A member
of the i n.ilsh Brotherhood. [Modesto papers
jilensn copy.j .;-"..', 
JSP" Friends ' and acquaintances are - resneot-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY,
(Sunday), at .2:30 o'clock 'p. M.. from his late
residence. 1 8 Elgin Purk-avenue, thence 10 the
. Danish Church on Twelfth street, near Market,
where services ■ will be "held under the auspice*
of the Danisa Brotherhood. - interment Cypress
, . Lawn Cemetery by: electric ■ car - leaving - Four-
1 teenth and Mission street at 3:45 o'clock P. _. ■ .
SCHULER— In Alameda, May 29, 1896. Joan
aiarlcns, beloved son of Henry and Rose «chuler,
brother of Lorenz L., Sarah K. and; William F.
Schnler, a native of Columbia,"; Tuolumn-
Cor.nty, aged 29 years 11 months and 17 days.
_®-Frienas anil acquaintances aw rsspect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS OA x
(Sunday), a! 2 o'clock p.m.. from the residence
. of his father, 534 . Central avenue. Alameda.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oaslaud.
BPERWAY— In this city, May 30, 1896, Mary G.,
only and beloved daughter of .Harry and Ethel
'SpeVway, a native of Seattle, Wash., aged 1 year
and 2 months. " \
WALTERMIRE In Belmont, San Mateo County,
May 29, 1896. Clinton C Waltermire, a native of
New York, aged .5 years. 'A:
WILSON— In this city. May 29. 1836, Hannah T.,
beloved wife of Charles A. Wilson, and sister of
Frederick O. Kobbins, a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years 8 months and 10 dava.
JKS"Frlen,<is and acquaintance* are reit)»s';-
f n:iy invited to attend the funeral TO-MOK 1
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
.01 C. L. Tilipii, 1113 Cio'.den date avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
I UNITED UNDERTAKEIIS*
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-cltw* t'uneralj
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. " ; 27 and 29 Fifth st.
NICAVOY & CALLACHER, ["
FUNKRAL DIEKCTORS & EMBALM
BO BTilth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
IJ_e. McJlknohky. "" ""chas! McMknoscsyl '
JAMES MoMESOMEI Si SON.
It TAKERS AND KMBALMERB,
1057 Mission Street, Near Sov«ctb.
Telephone No. 8854. '
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisca
Telephone So. 156.
COURSING NEAR INGLESIDE
Dogs That Received Hard Falls
in Their Attempts
to Kill.
The Final Rounds and Consolation
Stake Will Be Contested
To-Day.
Owing to the many counter-attractions
of yesterday in the way of sports the gath
ering at Ingleside coursing park waa
rather small.
It was the second meeting of the Inter*
state Coursing Club, and it can be truly
said that the ladies and gentlemen who
witnessed the races left the grounds thor
oughly satisfied with their outing. The
racing was interesting, as the hares with
few exceptions ran well and gave their
pursuers grueling runs over tbe green.
Granuwaile and Eiridge were first to put
in an appearance. To a good slip the dogs
ran neck and neck and a very close race
ensued until Eiridge, in an attempt to
pick up his game, missed and got a bad
header. Granuwaile then tooK immediate
charge of the La™ and after a few turns
scored a kill.
West Side beat Lass o' Gowrie from the
slips and led to the hare, scoring two
turns and then stumbled. The Lass shot
to the front and scored a few points, but
West Side Bocn caug t up and had things
all his own way to a finish.
Neliie Conroy easily disposed of Arapa
hoe, which dog made but a poor showing
against the speedy Miss Conroy.
The course between Daisy Crest and
Noondyne was well worth seeing. The
latter dog was first to reach game and
quickiy scored two turns. Daisy was not
to be denied a place, however, and by a
tirand burst of speed took charge of the
game. It was nip and tuck up hiil be
tween tbe dogs until Daisy, by a wicked
drive, scored a wrea< h and a kill.
Red Rover Tai not on hand when he
was called on to slip and as a consequence
Lissak had a bye.
Slyboy and Flying Buck had a compar
atively short race. Both dogs reached the
hare almost together. The Buck forced
the tranie from a straight line and soon
scored a turn. The hare favored Slyboy,
which made a drive and kill. The judge
announced an undecided course and in
the run off inlying Buck won rather
handily.
Sky ball polished off his opponent,
Sunol, in a short and fnst race.
Susie showed Valley Maid a clean pair
of heels to the game. The maid got in for
a few points near the finish, when Susie
took possession, scoring a pretty kill on
the fly.
Laurel Leaf and Alameda ran evenly
and scored about equal points until the
former got a tumble, when Alameda took
fnll charge aud won.
Laurelwood ran away from Sculptress.
Wayfarer and Mohawk ran a gool course
until they both fell in an attempt to kill.
Wayfarer was first to recover his equilib
rium and quickly reached bis game, which
ht killed just as Mohawk came up with a
rush.
The final race of the first round between
Flashlight and Sarcastic was very close
untii nearing the finish, when Flashlight
got in just in time to score a kill.
In tne second round West Side beat
Granuwaile 10 the hare and quickly ran
up some points to his credit. Granuwaile
got a bad fall which threw him completely
out of thn rac? for a while When he got
to running again he passed his opponent
and made a kill.
Nell'e Conroy found little difficulty in
disposing of Daisy Crest. The latter,
though not as fast, proved to be a better
worker than Nellie.
Lissak beat Flying Buck, much to the
surprise of the talent, who bet heavily on
the faun do;:. The race was short, but the
defeated hound dia not seem 10 be run
ning at his cusioiu;iry speed.
Skybail and Susie after running an un
decided course, met a seconJ time, when
Skybail showed his superior speed in a
long slip to tbe game, which he killed on
the first, attempt.
Laurehvood, a very fast dog, rather
easily disposed of Alameda.
The talent came very near meeting with
another up<et in the* race between Way
farer and Flashlight.
The former sold a strong favorite, but
he found "in the Fiash" an opponent
■which gave him a hot race to the finish.
The jud_'e deckled upon a "no go," and in.
the second course, to a very long slip,
Wayfarer was first to reacli the hare,
which he killed after scoring a turn. The
final round? will be contested to-day, after
which a consolation state for beaten dogs
will be run.
The following is the result:
' T\ Cooney's Granuwaile beat S. Portal's Eld
riti^e, P. Curtis' West Side beat 11. Layug's Lass
o' Gowrie, J. F. Grace's Nellie Conroy Deat, J.
H. Rosseter's Arapahoe, Robinson & Peyton's
Daisy Crest beat D. J. Uealey's Jloondyne, T.
i McDonald's Lissak;, ran 'a bye, Robinson
I A Peyton's 'Flying Buck beat M. Rodgers'
; sly - Boy, T. J. Cfoniu's - SKyball beat
! Dillon & Reilly's Sunol, T. Butler's Susie
beat M. Traynor's Valley" Maid, J. H.
' Rosseter's Alameda beat .E. S. Portal's
! Laurel Leaf, S. S. Portal's Laurel wood beat
T. McHugh's Sculptress, J. 11. Rosseter's Way
farer beat J. : Byrnes' Mohawk, M. Traynor's
Flashlight beat D. Shannon's Sarcastic.
Second' round— West in Ice beat Granuwaile,'
Nellie* Conroy beat Daisy. Crest, Lissak beat
Flying Buck. Skyball beat Susie, Laurel wood
beat ALameda, Wayfarer beat Flashlight.
Puppy- — Muter Don beat San Victor,
Camilla beat Livingston,- Great Scott beat
Mia mo.
Second round— Master Don beat Camilla and
Great Scott run a bye.
There were several well-contested special
match races before the sport of tbe day
terminated.
Thirty-two crack local dogs will compete
for the prizes at Ocean View Park to-day,
and the retmirkable evenness of the draw
ing insures good betting, as welt as first
class coursing. Electric looks to have a
good chance for the stake, though he will
meet dangerous opponents in Ma«'pie
Bobolink and Snowbird. A match *race
for $25 a side between two well-known vet
eran performers will be one of the events
of the day. ■ONE POST WAS
NOT ON PARADE
Memorial Day Observed by
Decorating and
Oratory.
LYON POST WENT ALONE
While the Dew Was Yet on
the Grass They Visited
Their Plat.
EXERCISES AT M. E. CHTJECH
For the First Time All the G. A.
R. Men Did Not March
Side by Side.
Oakland Office Sam Framtifco Call,)
• 908 Broadway, May 30. »
Always ready to respond to patriotic
duties, Oakland was given over to-day to
the exercises incidental to a general ob
servance of Memorial day.
This was the first occasion on which the
G. A. R. posts in this city have not acted
in harmony in the services and exercises
at Mountain View Cemetery. Lyon Post,
being under suspension, could not partici
pateasa post, and it would be difficult
to say whether the feeling of the post was
any less acute than tnat oi their com
rades. There was a feeling among all
that their ranks were broken, and old
soldiers, knowing that their opportunities
for marching side by side are decreased
each year, did not notice the absence of
their comrades of the suspended post
without many expressions of regret.
The members of Lyon Post took no part
in the regular G. A. R. exercises, but they
opened the observance of the day by going
to the cemetery and performing their du
ties to tbe dead as an independent body.
Assemblyman Clinton G. Dodge deliv
ered the oration.
He said in part: "The scenes we wit
ness to-day mark another event in the his
tory of our country, and, though they are
but a repetition oi what has annually
greeted the eyes of a sympathizing world
for over a generation, "still while patriot
ism lives in our land they will lose none of
their solemn impressiveness or their effect
as teachers of loyalty and devotion to the
cause of humanity. \Vith uncovered heads
before the graves of these, whose names
are on the scroll of immortality, we bow
and pay that sacred homage due from a
grateful people to those who made popular
government and universal freedom a liv
ing reality.
"Upon the deeds and names of those
who consummated the grand result of
National unity, oratory has showered with
lavish effort its silvered words, and yet
human tongue or pen can but inade
quately pay the tribute which these de
serve. Their best monument will be their
immortal remembrance by posterity, the
■unsullied honor of tne rla;: they fought
beneath, and the eternal preservation of
the results thry secured. We love their
names. We love the record they impressed
upon a Nation's soil. We love the stain
less flag they handed back to us with
every star in its accustomed place. War
may desolate the lan '. but these heroes
can never rally to the Nation's call again.
The wild cheer, the onward, sweeping
charge, tbe music of the cannon's
blast, and, higii above the surging
mass, the banner that made more
than human freedom of men, these will
not call to life the patriot dead. Their
work is done. The laurel wreath is theirs.
Whatever human hand or tongue can do
to render justice to their names and work,
with overflowing hearts we pledge the ef
fort at these sacred shrines. These graves
sp«ak beyond the present. Their echoes
roil past the living far down the aisles of
futurity. They tell tne story of man's de
votion to country and freedom. Imperish
able may be their lesson and eternal the
fruits of tneir victory.'
The rest of the programme was as fol
lows: Distrioution of wreaths and strew
ing of flowers; singing of "America" by all
present; taps by drums. R. J. Adney
acted as marshal.
' Lyon Post then returned from the scene.
THE PARADE.
All the Military and G. A. R. Organiza
tions but One in the March.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 30.— The parade
was not as extensive as on many former
occasions, but it was very striking and
was watched by thousands of citizens as it
went over the line of march. It was
iormed on lower Broadway in the follow
ing order:
Captain Wilson. Sergeant Hodgkins.
Chief Lloyd.
Platoon of police, Captain Fletcher com
mnnding, and Officers Aruest, Schroeder, BUI,
McCarthy, Petersen, Curtis, Murray, Scanlon,
Kyte, Henderson, Clark, tJreen, Kingsbury,
Andrews, Coonej and Moore.
Grand Marshal W. A. Jacobs.
Chief of Staff C. E. Lancaster.
Aids— G. H. Collins, J. P. Abbott
FIRST DIVISION.
Captain W. R. Thomas, Commanding.
Aids— S. S. Petti t, J. L Lyon.
Fifth Regiment Band.
Second Battulion, Fifih Infantry Regiment,
National Guard oi California, MajocJ. F. Hayes
commanding.
Company A, Captain C. T. Poulter com
manding, fifty men.
Company F, Captain G. H. Wethem com
manding, sixty men.
Carriage— Mayor J. L. Davie, Hon. F. V.
Wood orator, Rev. James Curry D.D., chaplain,
Major E. A. fauerman representative Mexican
Veterans' Association.
Apnomat'.ox Post No. 50, N. S. Douglas com
manding, tniriy men.
The Oakland Independent Fife and Drum
Corps in blue blouses, white trousers and tan
k-ggins, broaJ red sashes and Colonial hats.
The players were: Fifee, H. L. Whitehead, O.
N. LflNoir; snare drummers, C. E. Gardiner,
W. J. Bloomberg; base drummer, Z. G.
Wheeler.
jA detail of three from the United States flag
snip Philadelphia, consisting of G. H. Hifich
liffe and A. M. Clawson, gunner's mates, and
W. Anglin, second-class fireman, carried the
coiors and guidon of Porter Post.
Admirttl D. D. Porter Post No. 169, Colouel
John R. ScftpLaru commanding, 80 men.
Colonel E. I), baker Post No. 5. Sons of
Veterans, Captain L. D. Manning, 15 strong.
SECOND DIVISION.
F. W. Cushing commanding. Aid, B. R.
Phillips.
Second Regiment Band, B. B. C— Homer
Craig, drum major; h. F. Webb, leader; K>
pieces.
Second Regiment, Boys' Brigade— Colonel
E. J. Walker commanding; Captain E. Jones,
aid.
First BHttalior. Major A. W. Taylor.
Company I, Captain Way mouth; Company
X, <"a»>tßin Cords; Company A, Lieutenant
W. li. llnrber, all of Alamcdn.
Beoond Batta.ion— Mr j..r N. L. Cobbledick.
Hosj-ital Corps— Captain W. O. Bird, Lieu
tenant E.liott, Steward C. A. Hopps, Bugler S.
Androus »nd eighty men of Alameda, Com
pany I), Captain O. G. Heaton, Oakland; Com
pany H. CHptaiu F. L. Cleaves, Berkeley.
Canton Otkland No. 11, Patriarchs Militant,
I. 0. O. F., Colonel H. O. Brow it commanding.
There were present from San Francisco a dele
gation beaded by M.ijor X. Mefret. Captain A.
J. I'uti'-an and Lieutenant Walter S. Potter.
Captain and Adjutant G. S. NuUmith ot the
regiment and Cuptain F. B. Ogden, Lieutenant
F.E. Pierce and Past Colonel J. H. Applegate
of the locitl command marched in the ranks.
Clan McDonald No. 79, Order of Bcottish
Clans, Jnmes Rattray, chief.
The line of march was north on Broad
way to Eighth, thence to Washington,
thence to Fourteenth, thence to Broad
way, thence to Eighth and then counter
marched to Fifteenth, where the formation
was broken and cars taken to the ceme
tery.
The pupils of the public schools, to the
number of several hundred, congregated
on Fourteenth street, between Broadway
and Washington, where they reviewed the
procession. Most of the children carried
bouquets and strewed flowers in the way
of the veterans as they marched by.
AT THE CEMETERY.
Hon. Fred V. Wood Delivers the Ad-
dreaa of the Day at Mountain View.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 30.— 0n arriving
at the cemetery tbe procession was re
formed and then marshaled to the plot.
Chaplain James Curry opened the exer
cises with a blessing.
The saluting the Hag was carried out by
forty scholars of the Durant School, who
ang "America."
Captain W. B. Thomas read Lincoln's
address at the dedication of the monu
ment on Cemetery Ridge, Gettysburg, de
livered July 4, 1864.
Hon. Fred V. Wood of the Sons of
Veterans spoke as follows: "Four years
ago to-day, on this hallowed spot, it was
my solemn task to address you in memory
of your heroic dead. Many of the forms
that stood here then with uncovered heads
bowed in sorrow are resting here in peace
ful sleep under this green sod. The ob
servance of the Bame beautiful custom
that brought them here then brings you
here to-day to strew with flowers the
graves of departed comrades in arms.
"As you stand here to-day by the3e
graves in silent meditation, your minds
are carried back, back to tbe times of a
third of a century ago. Again you live
over the days of '61-65, the stirring events
which were the prime cause of bringing
you here to-day to this city of the dead,
although you come without the pall. In
your minds, fancy again you see the ira
moital Lincoln clothed in'iife and inaugu
rated President. You hear the mutter-
ings and tne dark forebodings of war. You
see the sky at midnight hanging over Fort
Sumter illuminated by a flash oi light.
You hear the echo of the first cannon shot
that thundered across tbe water from Fort
Moultrie. That single shot that shivered
the mightiest republic that the sun of
heaven ever shone down upon; that ar
rested the onward march of civilization
and changed the history of man; that
summoned to arms 3,0u0,000 men; that
set State against State, church against
church; father against son aud biuther
against brother; that engulfe i the land
in a sea of blood ; that left woe and deso
lation in every home and unsettled civi
lization.
"In the observance of this, your day of
mourning, you not only honor these brave
men resting here, but you teach a lesson
in patriotism to the -rising generation —
teach them that nothing is more glorious
than that a man lay down his life for his
country ; and if this lesson be not taught
of what avail are all of your victories? If
this lesion be not learned by the rising
youth of to-day, then must the great
question of loyalty to our country's flag
be fought out again at the point of the
bayonet. Greed and avarice are to-day
prompting and encouraging a sentiment in
this country that old soldiers have already
been paid too much for their services. Such
a sentiment would have found no response
at the close of that mighty struggle. Aye,
well you remember that at the close of that
victorious conflict you passed in grand
review at the seat of our National Govern-
ruent as a last martial demonstration.
The army of Grant, with its heroes of
many a hard-fought battle; the army of
Siierman, which victoriously cut a thor
oughfare from Atlanta to the sea; the
army of Sheridan, that noble army that wa*
shuttered and scattered at Winch ster, and
yet under its dashing leader snatched vic
tory out of the very jaws of defeat; the
army of Thomas, which met the forces
Judge Fred V. Wood, Orator of the Day.
under Hood, which drove them back de
feated, broken and scattered to the four
winds; the army of Logan, that through
thunder and fire swept on to victory at
Atlanta — all of these passed in grand re
view before the President and Cabinet.
The heavens resounded with the acclama
tions of »he multitude and the air was filled
with bouquets of flowers that were rained
and showered upon tbe bronzed and noble
veterans.
"Ladies of the Grand Array of the Re
public and of the Women's Relief Corps
and Sons of Veterans, your allies in this
sacred cause shall live on after you. Here
shall they strew your graves with flowers,
extol your memories and invoke people to
observe the day with sad remembrance.
These men resting here have gone on be
fore you into the great unknown, where
the sound of battles shall never be heard.
Their trials and tribulations are at an end.
Their bodies rest on in peace forevermore.
"They are gone, grief s-i:s on each noble
brow and pervades every bean. Their
noble forms lie low and have been com
mitted to their kindred oust. The halo of
their deeds and the brilliancy of their
achievements may almost he said to il
luminate the graves in which their bodies
lie. They are gone from your sight but
not from your hearts and your memories.
There shall their names live on embalmed
with your love and garlanded with your
affections, growing brighter and brighter
as time rolls on. Their memories shall go
down to future generations emblazoned
upon the pages of history pregnant with
the lesson of wholesome emulation, who
in the future do battles, not alone in this
country but throughout the length and
breadth of tbe civilized world." [Ap
plause.]
AT THE M. E. CHURCH.
Memorial Exercised That Were Attended
by a Vast Concourse of People.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 30.— The First
M. E. Church was crowded to-night. A
memorial progrimme was presented and
H. D. Talcott delivered the oration. He*
said:
• "To-day this Nation pays a beautiful,
graceful and grateful tribute to the mem
ory of her dead. She crowns with floral
glories the graves of those who have de
served well of the Republic, and, Dy this
fragrant, bright and cheerful gift of
flowers on each soldier's grave, records
her gratitude and preserves their fame.
A mem rial day, it is also the apotheosis
oi courage and patriotism. We recall the
eicht year 3of patient warfare wnich gave
ms a free and independent country ; the
. hree years of persevering warfare, by land
and sea, which gave us a free ocean and
a navy honored throughout the world;
the two years of sharp, incisivo contest
which gave us our grand Pacific Slope,
room in which we and our posterity may
dwell, and make our land tiie highway for
the nations in all the lines of imperial
commerce; the four years of solemn, ear
nest and conscientious warfare that fin
ished what ihe soldiers of the Revolution
omrnenced ; that broke the shackles from
he limbs of slaves, from the souls of mas
ters, from the Northern brain; that kept
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
MEMORIAL DAY AT MOUNTAIN VIEW CEMETERY, OAKLAND, CAL.
our country on the map of the world and
our flag in heav«»n; that rolled tue stone
from tue st-pulciier of progress, and dis
covered therein two angels clad in shining
garments — Nationality and Liberty; that
gay • to us not warring States, but an un
broken Union — a Nation sovereign, grand
and free, and made tyranny the world
over as insecure as snow upon the lips of
volcanoes.
"Itniu*tbe left to another occasion to
dwell further upon the memory of days
and men of the earlier Repubric, whose
names and deeds, fame and glory, influ
ence and attainments, are fresh and lov
ing to-day in every American's heart.
Then North and South tojretlier laid the
foundations of the Temple of Liberty,
broad and strong and deep, and reared
upon them enduring walls, and in the
future they will, side by bide, complete
and beautify the work.
"In ttie future there must be no thought
of North, Soutn, Enst or West — only the
wi*h to have one great Union under one
common flag, preserved and defended
alike by ali, and both dear to, as they are
the hope of, every freeman, the forlorn
exile and the oppressed of the world.
Then this country, with its vast resources
and power growing rapidly into colossal
proportions, must exert an influence as
yet iin measurable upon tbe political in
stitutions and the material progress of the
globe and become a guiding * tar to lead
tbe struggling nations dry shod thorough
the sea of revointion and in safety thiough
the wilderness of anarchy to the promised
land of constitutional liberty.
'But while this day we all honor our
beloved dead, and at their graves learn
the value ot our liberties and the great
cost of our free institutions; while their
ashes tell us, oh so eloquently, that neither
foreign assault or domestic treason will be
able to break up this Union and tear down
our starry nag, let us not forget the living.
A poor, false and empty show is this cere
mony over the dead ii we do not remem
ber by works as well as words those
thousands in our midht who rallied with
the flag when it had fallen back in defeat,
and went with it when it had mounted
above the clouds in victory. Stretch out
your bauds to help these heroes with
empty sleeves, those poised on crutches.
Be generous and just to those who threw
their all upon the altar of their country.
Before those soldiers with maimed and
scarred visages, let the world uncover, for
their scars are badges of our legion of
honor.
"Let us, then, have our battle-fields
suitably marked, our devoted patriots
properly remembered by monumental
stones, our living cared for, our children
carefully educated to their duties as citi
zens, and at no distant day we shall find
no grounds can arise for sectional contro
versies, no troubles threaten us from
within, and we bhall have from ocean to
ocean- a great people, ready to protect their
country's interests at every hazard and
willing to offer life itself to preserve her
liberty and union and maintain the con
stitution our fathers left us firm and in
violate."
THE DAY AT HAYWARDS.
Celebration la Marred by a Serious
Accident.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 30.— Tne local
G. A. R. veterans decorated the graves of
their dead comrades at Lone Tree Ceme
tery to-day. Rev. G. W. Lyons and Rev.
R. E. Wenke both spoke. There are about
a dozen old soldiers buried here and each
year services are held and liowers strewn
over their last resting place.
The day was marred by two accidents.
Willie Thorndyke, the 8-year-old t>on
of Theodore Thorndyke of this city, fel'.
from a tree and broke a rib and fractured
his skull. His condition is serious, al
though it is believed he will recover.
A team belonging to Mrs. Hatch ran
away and demolished the buugy, but no
one was injured.
EVENTS OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Officb Pan Francisco Call, >
90S Broadway. May 30. j
Meeting of the Oakland Local Suffrage
Society, Odd Fellows' Hall, Eleventh and
Franklin, Monday, 2:30 p. m.
Memorial Bervices will be held under tho
auspices of the Bethel Lyceum Suuday evening
at tbe Fifteentb-fltreei A. M. E. Church.
The members of the Alphia Dramatic Hud
will give their second performance at Elite
Hall on Wednesday evening next, the play to
be presented being "The Mountain Wild
Flowers."
A report was Circulated to-day that a railroad
employe named Jack Hennessey hail attempted
to commit suicide by taking morphine, but no
foundation could be discovered for the story.
The First Methodist choir will assist at the 5
o'clock service at the First Congregational
Churchjto-morrow evening. Solos will be given
by Mrs. A. A. Dewing, Miss Esther Necdham,
J. M. Kohinson, Miss Gertrude Hibbard aud"
William B. King.
Chaplain W. E. Edmondson of the United
States flagship Philadelphia will address tae
j men's meeting of the Young Men's Curistian
Association Sunday at 3:30 o'clock. Ills sub
ject is "Enthusiasm." Miss Pearl Noble will
play a cornet solo. A live song service pie
cedes the address. All men are invited.
During the year 1895 there were ex
ported from Sicily 347,113 tons of sulphur,
of which 99,034 tons went to the United
States. During the preceding ysar 435,
j 417 tons were exnorted, of which 105,024
i tons went to the United States.
In 1876 the first deaf-mute clergyman
was ordained. He was an Episcopalian
and the ordination took place in .Phila
delphia.
JEFFERSON IS PRESIDENT
The Professor Selected to Take
Charge of the Berkeley
Seminary.
A M mory of a "Sptak-Easy" — Gradu
ating Exercises at the Local
Gymnasium.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 30.— Professor
S. M. Jefferson of Bethany College, West
Virginia, has been selected as president
of the Berkeley Bible Seminary, which
will open in August, and his selection has
just been approved by the board of con
trol.
During the last three years Professor
Jefferson has filled the chair of Biblical
literature and doctrine in Bethany Col
lege, Bethany, \V. Va.
Professor H. D. McAneny, the recently
elected financial agent of the seminary,
has secured pledges in excess of $65,000,
and the $100,000 mark is considereu an
early possibility.
Tne object of" the seminary, as stated in
a recent issue of The Call, is to teach the
Bible to young men and women and to
prepare them for the various 1 lines of
Christian work.
Berg's Recitnt Trouble*.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 30. — Robert
Btle, an ex-employe of O. Berg, one of the
former keepers of the ''speak - easies,"
levied an attachment on the remaining
liquor of Berg, which is now stored at
the town hall, >in a suit for wages alleged
to be due. Some time ago, when Marshal
.Lloyd made tiis raid on the blind dram
shops of the town, he captured a quantity
of liquor from Berg's hotel, but by a flaw
in ■ the city ordinance under which the
raid was made tbe liquors were ordered
returned. Berg took a quantity, but left
some remaining, It i? on the stuff which I
he left that Bell has levied an attachment.
Graduates of the "Gym."
BERKELEY, Cal., May 30.— The grad
uating exercises of the Berkeley Gym
nasium were held yesterday morning, H.
Cornish delivered the valedictory and Rev.
E. B. Payne spoke as to the duties of the
graduates after they have gone out into
tbe world of activity.
Diplomas were granted to the following
stud-nts : H. Squires, Red lands; H. Cor
nish, Ban Jose; E. Grundelan^er, Fresno;
E. Mehlere, San Francisco; S. Madero,
Mexico; A. Donnelly, San Francisco.
Musicals at Alias BlancUard'i.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 30.— pupils
of Miss L. R. Blanchard gave a musicufe
yesterday afternoon at the residence of
their teacher, on Chaining way. The
programme, consisting of piano solos and
duets, with a few recitations, was well
rendered by the Misses Kennedy, Arm
strong, Eastman, Higgins, Campbell, and
tne Messrs. Estey, Eastman, Whitham
and Hofmann. ■ .
* ♦ —
REV. MR. WELLS' DEATH.
Hia Life Was Closely Identified With
the Early History of
Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 30.-Rev. 8. T.
Wells, whose, death was announced ia the
dispatches from Ventura this morning,
was closely identified witti the early civil
and religious history of Oakland. He
came here in the early fifties, and was
always very active in religious work. The
same activity he carried into business pur
suits. He was the first superintendent oi
Mountain View Cemetery, and served
from 18(M to 1870. In 1874 he went south
and purchased a ranch, which w;i3 greatly
enhanced in value by the new coast road's
completion.
His widow and four children survive
him. The oidest son, Samuel T. Wells,
edits a Philadelphia paper, and his
youngest son. Moses T. V* T ells, is in busi
ness in Saticoy. Mm. Cooper of Haywards
and Mrs. Ferris of San Francisco are tho
surviving daughters.
The remains have been shipped here,
and the funeral will be held Tuesday at 11
o'clock from Brown's undertaking parlors,
Rev. R. F. Coyle, D.D., officiating.
MERRITT-P IRSOL.
Wedding of Popular Young Peopla
Tbls Evening.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 30.— The resi
dence of City Attorney J. K. Peirsol, 804
Madison street, was tbe sceue of a pretty
wedding this evening. It was also the an
niversary of the wedding of Mr. and Mrs.
Peiraol. Their daughter, Miss May Alice
Peirsol, was married to Harry W. Merritt
by Rev. E. R. Dille, D.D., formerly pastor
of the First Methodist Church, but now of
the Central Methodist Church of San
Francisco. After the ceremony an in
formal reception was held. Mr. and Mrs.
Merritt left for Lake County, where they
will visit the groom's mother.
On their return the young people will
reside with Mr. Peirsol. Mr. Merritt is
connected with the firm of D. L. Stanley
& Co., and has been a resident of this city
for two years. Mrs. Merritt has had charge
of her father's home since the death of
her mother. Both have many friends who
nil wish them much happiness in their
new relations.
ENCINAL YACHTS.
First Race of the Season Held Off
Alametlti— Seven Boats Were
Entered.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 30.— Advantage
was taken by the Encinal Yacht Club on
Decoration day to bold the first race of the
seasou among its members. The commo
dore of the club, Joseph A. Leonard,
offered four prizes worth fos for contest,
and be«'\le«, according to the programme,
it was the annual challenge pennant re
gatta, open to all craft of the club.
Seven yachts prepared for the starting
I eun at 3:35 p.m.: The commodore's El
| Sueno, C. L. Tisdale's Caprice, Fred Mi
chael's Lapwing, 8. E. Plummer's Flor
ence, Janios Tyson's Fawn and R. H.
bwayne's Vixen.
The Caprice did not finish as her gaff
topsail parted and hung helpless. The
time allowances could not be obtained as
the secretary had tbtra away with him in
tbe country so the winners could not be
declared. The El Sueno finished first
under mainsail, the Fawn passing the
home post next under double watersails
and spinnakers and the Dulce last. It was
a most enjoyable day. There was a fine
fresh breeze and quite a number of mem
bers and their friends participated in the
sport.
The yachts were divided into four
classes, according to their measurements.
The following is a summary:
WAS IT DUNHAM?
A Stranger Drops Into Coueord, Bays a
Rig and Quietly Slips Away.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 30.— Sheriff
White received word this morning from
Concord, in Contra Costa County, that a
mysterious stranger dropped into that
town about 1 o'clock yesterday and at
once started negotiations for a horse and
buggy. He seemed to be under consider
able suppressed excitement and answered
tbe description of Dunham. His little
finger on bis left hand was stiff. He did
not haggle over tbe price, but closed tbe
bargain at once and set out in the direction
of Livermore. Wbeu the officers decided
to interview him be was gone.
At the Hacdonnugh.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 30.— Next Mon
day evening Eddie Foy in "The Stranee
Adventures of Miss Brown" will be seen
at the Macdonough.
Ada Rehan and t>'e Daly company's
presentation of "Bchool for Scandal"
Tuesday evening, June 9, will attract the
banner house of the season. Tbe order
sheet closed last night contains the names
of most of the prominent society people of
Oakland, Alameda and Beikeley.
A. Good-Sized Florida Fish.
At Steve Melton's fish market yesterday
morning was exhibited a fish that made
minnows of the biggest bass and drum
that were on sale.
The fish was a rock gronpher, weighed
700 pounds, and it was eight feet long. It
was struck in the channel opposite May
port on Tuesday morning by the Comanche
going out, and came to the surface "gill
mg" for air.
John Arnau, a Mayport fisherman, saw
tbe monster and set out in a boat with a
negro to capture it. He ran a rope
through the cills and made it fast, but
just at that time tbe stunned fish recovered,
his usual energy and made things hum.
He plunged : own ward and set the little
boat spinning like a cockleshell in a whirl
wind.
Finally the fish made seaward for more
room and deeper water. He set a pace
that made the boat fairly skim tbe water.
Two miles below she bar, or at Buroside,
he was conquered and landed. It took a
mule to pufi him out of the water.
The tiMi hbs a mouth big enough to hold
the head of a man. — Florida Times-Union.
He Rained Him.
Judge Bell of Colorado bad the tables
turned on him in 1894 in a way that he de
spised, and which came near reducing his
12,000 majority to a minus quantity. The
Populists in renominating him declared in
favor of a $50 per capita of circulating me
dium. Tbe Reoubhcans nominated as his
opponent ex-United States Senator Tom
Bowen, the best poker-player and most in
corrigible wag in all the Rocky Mountain
region. Bowen simply raised Bell at bis
own game and declared in favor of $60 per
capita, and thereby came near freezing the
Judge out of a seat iv Congress. — bt, Louis
Republic.
LEFT HIS MONEY
TO BUY CANDY
An Old Oaklander's Love
for Los Gatos School
Children.
WERE HAPPY ALL DAY.
For a Quarter of a Century They
Have Regularly Wreathed
His Grave.
A PIONEEE OF TWO CITIES.
Every Alternate Decoration Day the
Story of H s Life Is
Told.
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 30. f
One of the very earliest settlers of Oak
land was George W. Teasdale, and on
account of the peculiar nature of his will,
made many years ago, the school children
of Los Gatos were enab ed to-day to enjoy
a unique Memorial day.
He dad not been very long a resident of
this city before he moved to Los Gatos,
and hardly anybody here now remembers
Mr. Teasdale, He was a pioneer of the
Santa Clara County town and bein? some
what eccentric he left a peculiar will when
he died twenty-three years ago.
At his death he bequeathed all the
wealth he possessed, tbe sum of $900, to
the school children of Los Gatos, to be
placed in a bank in San Jose and the in
terest to be drawn annually for the pur
chase of candy, to be distributed equally
among all the boys and girls of the schools
of the town.
When "Uncle George," as the children
called him, died there was only one school
— a small affair — in the town and the
Teasdale fund allowed quite a laree box of
candy for each scholar, providing quite a
feast.
Now, after a period stretching over a
score of years, there have been many
changes in the place, and those little
ones who knew and loved M»\ Teasdale
have now grown to manhood and woman
hood or are no longer among the living,
and those children who now receive the
candy only know of their dead friend from
what is tokl them by their parents and
teachers.
In 1873 the school was composed of jnst
twelve scholars. Now the village school
has been rebuilt as a strictly modern in
stitution, to meet the requirements of the
rapidly increasing population.
Tbe Teasdale money has been trans
ferred to the Los Gatos Bank, under the
management of the only two remaining
trustees, who are Messrs. Watkins and
Tranthan, both prominent business men
of Los Gatos.
For the first few years after Mr. Teas
dale's death the exact terms of the strange
will were fait fully carried out, but of late
years the scholarshiD of the school has be
come so large that the money was found
to be inadequate for the purchase of suffi
cient candy for such a host of youngsters.
The situation was perplexing until Mrs.
Emma E. Cole, the head teacher in the
scho;>l, proposed that the distribution
only take plare every alternate Decoration
day, and her proposition heartily met the
approval of the trustees.
To-day was the day that the children
received a box of candy and the principal
and teachers impressed upon their minds
the history of the gift. The children were
told how poor Uncle George in his dying
hours gave his earnings of a lifetime to
make all children of Los Gatos remember
him in death as the iittle ones of the
village knew him in life.
Tbe only request of any kind made in
connection with the gitt was that his little
friends would see that his grave was never
neglected or destroyed. On every Memo
rial day it is a beautiful sight to see tbe
children decorating bis grave with the
choicest flowers that the beautiful gardens
of Los Gatos produce.
Mr. Teasdale took up his residence in
Los Gatos in a spot that afterwards be
came the town-site. His cabin was the
first buiiding erected there, and he never
married, living all alone in his cozy little
home. Unlike the proverbial cranky old
bachelor, he loved children, so adopted all
tbe babies of the village as his children. To
them he was a veritable ull-t he-y ear-around
Santa Olaus, for, whenever he walked out,
the pockets of his great overcoat in cold
weather, and linen duster iv snmmer,
fairly bulged out with sweetmeats for his
little folks. When be died, his place in
the heart of tne town folks was never
filled.
ARE ON THE INCREASE
No Diminution in Force or Num
ber of Tornadoes for Six
Years.
A Theory That Acconnts for Abnor*
mal Seismic and Atmospheric
Disturbances.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 29. f
Dr. F. M. Close, ex- president of the
Tacoma Academy of Sciences, and in
ventor of the famous torpedo that created
much interest a few weeks ago, has been
investigating the recent tornadoes and
their causes. He has gathered data that
throw much light on their origin, and he
predicts that there will be an increase in
their number during the next six years'
when they will again decrease. He said:
That tornadoes are a sort of fin-de-siecle
product is a statement susceptible of proof.
Many people are of the belief that tornadoes
are not more prevalent now than in the past,
say fifty years ago, but that the extension of
news fuciliiies — the telegraph and the daily
paper— now make generally known an Im
mense amount of information heretofore un
recorded. Such argument may be comforting,
but it is not borne out by investigation.
Meteorological observations establish the un
pleasant iact that tornadoes are increasing
both in numbers and violence.
What are they? What causes them?
In a general sense a storm is a movement of
the atmosphere caused by changes of tempera,
ture between'two places. Air expands by heat
and becomes lighter. When the temperature
of a locality increases the air over it rises and
flows away as an upper current, and the cooler
air of the surruuuding region flows in as a
ground current, Now it frequently does happen
in tropical and semi-tropical climates that the
heat of the day becomes so intense as to cause
very powerful air movements, amounting te
L hurricane storms. The presence of molsturo
Auction Sales
GEO. F. LASISOX. AECTIOMR.
j Office— K«mrnT Street.
TO-MORROW.
Monday June 1, 1896
at 11 o'clock a. m.,
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
_ on the promises.
1115 l'olsom St., Corner Langton,
GRAND "STOCK
of fresh Staple Groceries, Wines and Liquors. By
order of C. Tiedenaann, I will sell his entire first-
class stock of seasonable Groceries, comprising
Flour, Sugar, Coffee, Tea, Oils. Rice, assorted Can
Goods, Soap, Bacon, Hams, Spices. Sardines, Break-
fast Gems, Candles, Jellies, Jams, Lard, Starch;
also Wines and Liquors in giass. Syrups, Cordials,
Crockery, Glassware, Wooaenware, Ironware, etc
Also contents of Bar, Bar Furniture, etc., with
grand. Coffee Mill. Tho above choice stock .will
be offered as a whole at commencement ol sale, and
ir not so sold will be retailed out in lots to suit buy-
ers. Open for inspection from 8 o'clock morning
of sale.
GEO. F. LAMSOX. Auctioneer. .
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art
419 KEAKNY ST.
TO-MORROW,
Monday June 1, 1890.
AT 2 P. M. -
' More than 100 cases of new goods ex S. S. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods. Including Rugs of
every size, Antique Bronzes, Kagu Satsumu, Awata,
Cloisonne, Bishue, Kochl, etc.. etc.
Two elezant presents given to the ladles dally
attending the sale at 2p. m. Chairs for the ladies.
; , : . F. T. KEEL Alt. Auctioneer.
L H. BIRD, AUCTIONEER.
Office and Warehouse. 211 Larkin St.
WILL SELL TO-MORROW
Monday... June 1, 1896
• ■>'.•?• • AT 11 A. M., ■ .
833 O'FAKKELL STREET,
The Fine Furniture of Private Residence of 8
rooms, consisting of Odd Pieces Parlor Furniture
Oak, Walnut And Cherry Bedroom set?, Fine Car-
pets.Bed-lounges, sofas. Curtains. Oak Dining Table
and chairs, Chiffonier and Kitchen Furniture.
This la a tine lot of goods and on account of im-
mediate departure I am instructed to sell without
limit or reserve. L. H. BUKD. Auctioneer.
heavily charging tUe air by evaporation from
warm bees also adds greatly to tbe general dis
turbance of the atmospheric equilibrium by
tbe rapid expansion hhU condensation, «o that
we may find abundant causes, easily under
stood, for the presence of the cyclone of the
tropical clime.
These factors are generally wanting or are
but feebly manifest in the tornado, like those
that latterly nave become to be recognized aa
the steady company of the North American
Continent.
The word "cyclone" for storms like that
which played such awful havoc in Northern,
Texas is a misnomer. Such storms are in no
sense cyclonic. All great storms are cyclonic=t
that is, tbe winds blow along the line of a
great circle hundreds and thousands of miles
in diameter, in the center of which is a calm
region, tbe whole storm, spinning lite a
gigantic plate, moving across the continent
from west to east.
The tornado nearly always moveß along a di
rect— that is, straight— line, and is generally
confined within a narrow limit. It skips from,
point to point with a skimming motion like
that of a flat stone skipping over the surface of
a pond wh«n thrown by a skillful thrower.
The expansive area of the cyclone is wanting.
The Texas tornado was but 100 yards in width,
but it made up in energy what it lacked in
breadth.
Certain peculiarities of the tornado are
totally absent In oiher storms. Tae tornado
evidences tremendous force. An iron safe
weighing five tons was picked up and hnrled
through the air over a house and driven
through a stone wall thirty-four inches thick
eighty-seven yardsdistant. The same tornado
lifted a huge freight locomotive from the
track and deposited it forty feet up the side of
a steep embankment. The doors, windows,
shutters and boards of houses passed over by
he tornado are always blown outward, never
inward. Tbe bark of trees i* not stripped off
on one side, as by attrition, but the tree is di
vested of its bark on all sides, as if j-ome power
ful explosion had occurred within the tree,
bursting the bark outward. Electrical
phenomena of great Intensity accompanies the
tornado.
It is well known that the passage of a enr
rent of electricity through the atmosphere
communicates a powerful disruptive effect to
the particles of air along the line of its path
way. It is a well-known fact that the highest
known temperature is produced by the electric
arc. It is well known that air is a non-con
ductor of electricity and that moisture and
metals are conductors.
The textbooks of science are undergoing
rapid revision. What yesterday was accepted
as law is to-day set aside in the "light of recent
discovery. Astronomers, great in authority in
their day — and they were sincere according to
their means of knowledge — held that the sun
was a huge ball of blazing hydrogen gas, and
in this hypothesis they iound all explanation
for the sun's heat and" light. The thinking
world ia rapidly arriving at the conclusion
that the motive power of the universe is elec
tricity — that heat, light, gravitation, attrac
tion and repulsion are all and each simply dif
ferent manifestations of what, for want of a
better name, we term electricity. The savant
of to-day sees in the sun a huge dynamo, whose
rapid revolution in generating electric and
magnetic currents which sway and control the
solar system. As between magnetism and elec
tricity there can be no separation. On« pro
duces the other. One cannot exist without the
other. When the power sleeps we call it mag
netism, and when, it a ■ akens into action we
call it electricity. Our crude knowledge of
physics has taught us that if we cause a cur
rent of electricity to encircle a body we Bhall
produce magnetism in that body, evidenced at
its poles. As, were we to run a knitting needle
through an orange, and then by a wire
wrapped around the orange at right angles to
the Knitting needle cause an electric current
to pass over the wire, magnetism would occur
at each point of the orange where the needle
enters it. Science calls such aa arrangement
an "electro-magnet."
The earth, as well as every other body of the
solar system, is an electro-magnet, constantly
winding upon itself, by its diurnal revolution,
the stream of electrical energy coming from
the tun. and which we term sunshine. Every
planet does the same. Now, magnets possess
those peculiar manifested forces which we
term "attraction" and "repulsion," according
as to the position of their polar inclination,
and this force is exercised by one magnet upon
the other.
The earth ia a very long way from being a
finished affair. Changes in her formation are
constantly going on. We know but very little,
from actual observation, of the geology of the
earth, scarce as much as the thickness of an
eggshell. Most physicists believe that the in
terior of the earth is fluid, at a high tempera
ture—molten, so to speak. A man must be in
possession of the plans oi the Creator to be
able to say that the formative processes of
coal, of rocks and of metallic ores has ceased.
As a matter of fact these processes are continu
ally proceeding. Iron and tin, silver and
gold, and all the metals known and many un
known are being constantly manufactured in
the earth's crust by the occult forces bidden
there.
The tornado points to the formation of met
alliferous deposits. When, by reason of some
law, not at present understood (Professor Lang
ley of the Smithsonian is searching for it) a
current of electricity of more than ordinary in
tensity reaches the earth from the sun it seeks
to find its equilibrium by a passage to the
earth's center along the line of greatest con
ductivity, and that line will be iound along
the strata of metalliferous ores.
Every feature of the tornado points with nn«
erring finger to electricity aa its producing
cause. The tornado is a vacuum, produced by
the passage through the air of a current of en
ormous'.y high tensioued electricity. It is the
outrushing air from the building which forcet
the doors and windows outward." It is the pas
sage of the powerful current of electricity into
the earth through the conducting sap of the
tree, converting the sap into steam by the
enormous heat developed, that bursts outward
the bark from the tree.
Coming generatious will find the greatest
metallic wealth iv those reglous now visited by
the tornado.
Shall we be able to predict the tornado? It ia
doubtful. W hen we shall have learned more
about the »un, the central dynamo of our
system, we may perhaps be able to understand
something of what now appears as vagaries.
But present indications are not favorable to a
very speedy solution of the problem. It may be
possible that each plar.et, as a magnet, not
only exerts an influence upon its neighboring
member, but also upon the sun itself. Such an
opinion is Dy no meana visionary.
A curious thing is that tornadoes have no
■well-oeflned season, but when they do occur
we find the newspapers recording the occur
rence of earthquakes and floods. Last year
the writer collected the record of twelve torna
does, nine floods, eleven earthquakes, three
volcanic eruptions and two extraordinary
brilliant meteors, all reported in the column!
of the San Francisco newspapers between
April 17 and 22.
This year the reports of the^awful tornado in
Texas and the scarcely lesser ones in Kansas,
Nebraeka, lowa,lllinois,Missouri and elsewhere
are accompanied with reports of earthquakes in
Central America, Italy ana Austria, with great
floods in Massachusetts and Connecticut.
1516
EL CAMPO HAS A
GREAT REGATTA.
Fine Oar- Work Exhibited
in the Big Boat Club
Races.
STOCKTON TO THE FORE.
Heroic Endurance of C. A. Spencer
in the Junior Barge
Race.
TIMES MADE WERE VERY GOOD
The South Ends Succeeded in Dis
tinguishing Themselves in Accord
ance With Their Reputation.
The second annual regatta of the South
End Rowing Club took place at*El Campo
under the most favorable conditions. Last
year a high wind and rough bay spoilt the
aquatic sports and the racing was put off
to a later date, but yesterday the Signal
Service took the affair directly under its
care and keeping.
When the athletic young rowers with
their long, delicate boats accompanied by
a crowd of friends and admirers of oar
work arrived at El Campo the pretty little
cove was flooded with sunshine.
The bay fronting the horseshoe beach
was as smooth as though it bad never felt
a wind. The course was a three-quarter
mile.stretch -and return along the shore
north of the picnic grounds, a location
that gave the spectators an excellent view
of the contest. ,! : V
The referee of the races was C. F. Curry
of the South End Rowing Club, while the
judges were: John E. Budd, Stockton
Athletic Association; A. H. Melletz,
South End Rowing Club; James Nolan,
Ariel Rowing Club; J. Keenan, Dolphin
Swimming and Boating Club: D. Cole
man, San Francisco Athletic Club.
The starters were William F. Hum
phrey, president of the Pacific Athletic
Association, and John A. Lenahan, presi
dent of the San Francisco Rowing Club.
The most noticeable feature was the tine
work of the Stockton crew in the Junior
barge race, which they won. C. A. Spen
cer, forward waist, broke his sliding seat
near the turning stake and the rest of the
course be pulled sitting on the brass
frame. Every move caused intense pain
to the rower and though his uncomforta
ble seat was tearing the skin from his
tody he held on manfully to his oar and
his boat won.
The rowing regatta opened with an in
teresting contest, the senior single scull for
one prize between Frank Duplissea, South
End Rowing Club; William McCausland,
Ariel Rowing Club; and A. G. Brown,
Stockton Athletic Club.
Both Duplissea and McCausland are
crack rowers and strong rivals, conse
quently the race between them was a per
sonal as well as an association | contest.
The South End man, who is an old
Pacific Coast champion at the sculls, was
picked as the winner, and he entered his
shell to set the oar-pace for his competitors,
as has been his custom. At the start
these two boats drew ahead of the Stock
ton craft, with the Ariel boat in the lead.
Rounding the stake Duplissea passed
McCausland. but lost that advantage on
the home pull. He gave up without cross
ing the lice, and Brown passed him, com
ing in second. Duplissea stated that his
left arm cramped alter turning the stake.
McCausland's time was 10 mm. 7% sec.
The next race was a senior outrigger
skiff for one prize with the following en
tries: John D. Coughlaii, Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating Club; Cecil C. Dennis.
Alameda Boating Club; R. M. Ellis, Ariel
Rowing Club; James Wilson, Ariel Row
ing Club.
Rounding the stake flag Dennis and
Coughlan fouled each other, which let
Ellis beat them to the finish. The race
was easily won by Wilson in 11 mm. 6 sec.
This is his first single race, and being a
lightweight l3s pounds — his work is con
sidered quite creditable. Cougnlan would
have done better had he not steered wild
and persisted in throwing his boat in
among the wharves.
The junior four-oared bar^e race was
contested by the following crews:
Stockton Athletic Association— Car
keek, bow; C. A. Spencer, forward waist; H. A.
Swift, afterwaist; C. Davis, stroke; William
Dolan, cockswain.
Ariel Rowing Club— Monti, bow; A. Ra
couillat, forward waist; J. Bookman, after
waist, N. J. Prendergast, stroke, E. Wilson,
cockswain.
San Francisco Athletic — John Maroney,
bow: Frank Raphael, for ward waist; John
Dilges, afterwaist: Charles Dunnigan, stroke;
Thomas McDermott, cockswain.
Olympic Clvb — Bert Collins, bow; Paul Stur
divant, forwardwaist; Percy Morse, after
waist; James McElroy, stroke; Tommy Gil
feather, cockswain.
South End Rowing Club— A. Haines, bow;
Matt Breen, forward waist; James Pallas, after
waist; J. E. Scully, stroke; George McGrill, .
cockswain.
Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club— J.
Kennedy, bow; W. O. Patch, forwardwaist: E.
P. Sullivan, afterwaist; John D. Coughlan,
stroke; George Roach, cockswain.
After a long, weary season of needless
"jockeying" for a head -start, during which
the spectators became completely worn
out, finally the barges got- away, all con
siderably bunched together, except the
South Ends, who had the outside. Round
ing the stake there v.ere several fouls, but
the boats drifted apart, and on the home
stretch the Stocktons were leading, with
the South Enders following. Cockswain
Dolan lost the finishing-line and almost
put his boat into the wharf, but barely
escaped, and only won the race by a half
boat's length. The time was 9 mm. 10 sec.
The next race was a junior outrigger
skiff contest by Fred W. Ayers, Alameda
Boating Club; W. 0. Patch, Dolphin Boat
Club. Patch was not scheduled to row,
but the other contestants failing to come
in pulled to make a race.
Ayersled from the start, but was closely
pushed by his much lighter opponent, and
beat him out just three boat lengths.
Time, 11 nun. 55 sec.
The fifth raoe was the senior, four-oared
barge contest between the following crews:
South End Rowing Club-Henry Bodie. bow;
Gum Carson, forwardwaist; Robert Mac Arthur,
McOHnJcocks'wal'n. Uupii3sea - Btroke = «*<**«
San Francisco Athletic Club-Thomas Barry,
bow; Harry Smith forward waist; Dave Camp
bell, afterwaist; George Bates, stroke-
Tom McDeimott, cockswain. les> " ro * e '
This race was most interesting from -the
fact that when the two crews have pulled
against each other before the South End
- boat was the winner.
The other crew .have been anxious for
another race and had trained hard for vaa
terday's pull. . J°»
At the crack of the pistol the San Fran
Cisco Athletic Club crew took water first
and gained a slight lead, but the South
End crew quickly caught up and it was
anybody's race to the stake, with the
South End crew rowing a long, swinging
thirty-five to the minute stroke and their
opponents rowing as high as forty- five to
the minute.
After turning the stake the South Ends'
clever little - cockswain, George McGrill,
showed his steering ability by keeping
close inshore out of ■ the ;; tide, : while the
other cockswain kept his men out in the
stream.
The South Ends came down the stretch
in fine form, crossing the line eight lengths
ahead of the other boat, breaking the coast
record by "so seconds. Time, 9 mm. 4 sec.
Three barge crews of the League of the
Cross, racing for first and second prizes,
constituted the last event of the day. The
young men pulled well and the first boat
won in 9 minutes.
FOR LONGER LEASES.
George I.eviston Has Prepared a Bill
Extending the Time of Leaiet to
Ninety-Nine Years.
George Leviston has practically prepared
a bill to introduce at the next meeting of
the State Legislature fpr extending the
time of leases on real property from fifty
to ninety-nine years.
According to the present system it is
possible to lease a piece of real estate for
twenty years only, and as a consequence
lessees are not prompted to build very
ornamental or substantial improvements.
By virtue of the longer leases Mr. Levis
ton claims that improvements of a more
permanent and substantial character will
be made. In. the larger cities of the East
long-running leases are the rule.
Mr. Leviston claims to be the represen
tative of capitalists and large land-own ors
who would be willing to lease for long
terms providing that suitable improve
ments be put on these properties. This he
says will work to the interest of botu land
owner and merchant, as the merchant can
be sure of a place to sell his wares at a
low rent, and the land-owner will be pos
sessed of a piece of property that pays a
large and assured percentage on its value,
as the building being of a proper sub
stantial nature will guarantee the rent.
IROQUOIS ACTIVITY.
The Big Picnic and the Uod fatherhood
of Tito Clubs.
At the meeting of the Iroquois Club on
Friday night the great annual Iroquois
picnic which will give San Jose a Demo
cratic majority next Sunday was dis
cussed and boomed. Tickets seemed to
be going like McKiniey badges, but
special committees were appointed to see
that all Government employes and others
are given a chance to buy. Chairman
Gildea said that 2000 people ought to go
down to Agricultural Park on the 7th of
Jur.e to share the fun.
The club is about to be godfather to two
new clubs. It was reported that there are
enough students in the State University
who are Democrats to get up a club and
that they propose to organize one. Max
Popper, A. D. Lemmon, E. P. E. Troy
and J. H. Simmons were appointed a
committee to go over and see about it.
Tnen there is to be a new Iroquois Club
in Sacramento, and it was resolved that
the San Francisco club should attend to
the installation of its officers on the night
before the State Convention, when most of
the Iroquois Club will be in Sacramento.
MAKES A TINTED VENUS
Otto Dobbertin Discovers the Art
of Coloring Plaster of
Paris.
English Breakfast Tea Plays a Hith
erto Unsuspected Part in
Sculpture.
Otto Dobbertin, the sculptor, and Wil
liam Keith, the artist, have studios just
vis-a-vis to one another on Pine street.
This is a great convenience to the disciples
of the brush and chisel and an advantage
to art, for in moments of inspiration
Keith can rush across the hallway and
confide to a sympathetic heart, "Dobber
tin, I have discovered a new way of paint
ing a picture." Dobbertin, being in the
business himself, can enter feelingly into
his friend's exultation.
Up to the present the sculptor has
sawed wood, or rather chiseled marble,
and said nothing about discoveries on his
own account. It is harder to juggle with
plaster of paris and dull gray clay than it
is with oil paint and water colors, and
sculptors know that the roseate tints of
early dawn and the red glows of sunset
are not for them. The atmosphere of dis
covery is infectious, however. Dobbertin
began to wonder whether he could not
make a tinted Venus, or at least a figure
that would have a glow warm enoueh to
make him listen without envy when Keith
talked about art that rivals the tints of a
Turkish mat.
Yesterday Dobbertin found it. He had
been working for some days on the por
trait bust of Miss Binckley.'a young artist
whose fluffy yellow hair is admired where
ever she goes. In a flash of inspiration he
had conceived a method for mellowine the
cold, white plaster till it became rich and
warm in tint like a meerschaum pipe that
ha? been smoked to a turn by an expert.
Dobbertin had said nothing to Keith — he
worked on his inspiration for two days.
Yesterday he found that it exceeded his
most sanguine expectations. "Eureka!"
he cried, rushing across the passage to
communicate his discovery to Keith, but
the artist was softly snoozing in an after
noon siesta. The thoughtful Dobbertin
withdrew, bottling up his enthusiasm in
his own breast till the artist should awake.
When asked about his discovery later in
the day, he said : "Oh !it is simple, quite
simple when you have found now to do it.
So. You first have the bust in plaster of
paris, it is cold and colorless, but to give
it a soft, warm tint you dip it in tea,
strong black tea. After the dip the bust
is no more white, it is very beautiful and
mellow in tone. The tea? Yes it is what
you call English breakfast tea and it must
be strong till it is black. The next thing
is to take water colors, mix them in tea,
vrrry thin and lay them lightly on the
bust. When the colors dry the work can
be polished with wax and turpentine and
it is completed.
"You see that bust," and the sculptor
pointed to a plaster of paris bust of one of
San Francisco's leading citizens that Btood
neglected on a shelf of the studio, "that
is as cold and dead as clay, but you see
that," and this time he indicated the
charming bust of the pretty young artist
that occupied the place of honor in the
sculptor's workshop, "that bust has the
soft, warm look of life. It is a new pro
cess, I know, but I believe that in English
breakfast tea lies the future of colored stat
uary."
STOCKBROKER ARRESTED.
c . P. Harris Accused of Embezzlement
by G. H. Perry.
C. P. Harris, a stockbroker at 318 Pine
street, was arrested yesterday upon a
charge of felonious embezzlement pre
ferred by G. H. Perry, a collector in the
office of Jacob Raver. Several months
ago Harris became financially embarrassed
through an unfortunate speculation, and
was obliged to suspend business. He
called a meeting of his creditors, and, ac
cording to his story, promised them to
pay them, provided they would not press
him until he got on a financial footing
again.
Harris stated yesterday that nearly all
of those to whom he was under obligations
agreed to his terms, and those who did not
commit themselves led him to believe that
they would not cause him any trouble.
Among the creditors was one to whom
Harris owed about $950, but b.3 says that
he forgot the man. However, the account
t>a«sed into the hands of another party,
and later into the hands of Jacob Raver.
The latter, according to the statement of
the accused, promised to be lenient, but
later he showed signs of making trouble
by turning the account over to Perry.
Kalamttjt oO| Mich., is famous for celery. See
Thotnaa tUt er -g advertisement on page 28.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
THEY WILL CALL
ANOTHER PASTOR
The First Congregational
Church Will Be
Reopened.
SO SAY MANY MEMBERS-
If the Trustees Refuse to Com
ply, Legal Proceedings
Will Be Taken.
SEVERAL PREACHERS IN VIEW.
But No Formal Call Will Be Extended
for Several Weeks — Other
Church News.
Those members of the First Congrega
tional Church who are not in sympathy
with Dr. Brown's faction are about to make
a determined effort to have the church
opened. It is their intention to sapply the
pulpit with some local preacher for a few
weeks, but very soon a call will be ex
tended to a pastor to occupy the pulpit
permanently.
The application will be made to the
trustees, as the church was closed by their
order in the first instance. The applica
tion to sell the church having been denied,
the anti-Brown church members hold that
the trustees have no right to keep the
church hermetically sealed.
They want it opened for Sunday-school,
prayer meeting?, etc., as we'll as for regular
services, and if their request is denied it is
their intention to see if they cannot legally
compel the trustees to give them back
what they claim is their church.
Several men have already been taken
under consideration as probable successors
to Dr. Brown In the pulpit of the First
Church, but as they are none of them con
sidered strong enough to fulfill all require
ments, th-ir names have not even bf*en
spoken outside the email circle of leading
spirits who have taken them under ad
visement. No secret is made of the fact,
however, that it is intended to call a pas
tor to tliff First Church as soon as the
building is reopened and things have got
into something like running order.
On the other hand, those members of
the congregation who wish to sell the
building on Post street and build agdiu on
Van N'e."B avenue have no intention of re
opening the First Church where it now
stands. They are not satisfied that the
application to sell has been denied, and it
is their expressed int- ntion to wait a
while and see if a second application to
dispose of the building will not be more
successful than the first was.
Dr. Brown's friends say that it is a ques
tion whether the members of the congre
gation who stand by the old church have
the right to call a new pascor; it is their
belief that they have not.
There is a majority of officers and dea
cons against opening the church on Post
street ami without their cons nt a pastor
could not legally be called. The leaders of
the Brown faction say, however, that if
the old chiirch is sold and a new one
erected on Van Ness avenue they will not
oppose themselves to a call beingextended
to some Eastern pastor of note, provided
he be a strong and eloquent man. His
friends say that Dr. Brown intends to re
tire magnanimously as «oon as the new
church is built. Until then the Brown
party will, they statp, go on holding
services in Golden Gate Hall, at least as
long as there is congregation enough to
defray expenses, and it is their belief that
their fold will not suffer for lack of sheep.
As both the party which wishes to re
open the church and the party which de- i
sires it to remain closed are confident
of success, it is difficult to predict how the
affair will end. One thing is certain — a
strenuous effort is to be made to reopen
the First Congregational Church and ap- <
point a pastor.
The Dubuaue Ministerial Association
has offered fellowship to Dr. Brown and I
has sent a lengthy communication to the
Bay Conference setting forth its reasons
for doing so.
Rev. Dr. W. 8. Mathew has been re
elected editor of the California Christian
Advocate. His many friends consider
him eminently fitted for the office.
A new Christian church has been dedi
catpd at Bakersfield. Rev. A. C. Smither
of Los Angeles preached the sermon.
SUICIDE OF A MAIL CLERK.
F. W. Schneider Turns On the Gu as a
Cure for Despondency,
Fred \V. Schneider, a mail clerk by occu
pation, 24 years of age, committed suicide
in his room in the New Western Hotel,
corner of Kearny and Washington streets,
either Friday night or yesterday morning.
The body was discovered last evening at
6 o'clock by a bedmaker who was passing
the room and detected the odor of gas.
He tried the door in Schneider's room,
and, finding it locked, forced an entrance.
Schneider's body lay on the bed, partly
dressed, and from a gasjet, from which the
tip had been removed, a steady stream of
gas was flowine. The body was rigid,
showing that death had ensued several
hours before.
A note was found on the table addressed
to William Fett, 777 Market street, which
read as follows:
_ . Pan Fhancwo, May 28.
To the Coroner: Should I succeed in the step
which 1 am about to undertake, I wish as a
last request that the pistol which is in my
trunk be forwarded to one William Fett.
F. \V. sr hneidrr.
The cause which prompted Schneider to
commit the rash act remains a mystery.
He was seen Friday afternoon by several
friends and appeared to be iv an unusually
cheerful humor. He spoke about having
written a letter to his parents, who reside
in Germany, and about how glad they
would bo to hear from him. .Most of his
friends, however, think that he became
suddenly despondent and, concluding that
life was not worth the living, took his own
life.
The suicide leaves a broth°r, John
Schneider, a salesman in W. F. Mitchell's
commission-house and a brother-in-law,
Connoe Duebler, a Mission-street barber
shop owner.
BENEFIT TO DALEY.
South Side Club Give an Entertainment
to a I-Hrge Audience.
The South Side Club tendered a benefit
entertainment and social to William Daley
last evening at B'nai B'rith Hall. A Jar^e
number of Mr. Daley's friends attended
and were treated to an excellent pro
gramme, prepared with great care by the
following committee of arrangements: H.
J. Wynne, James Reavey, N. F. Borden,
D. F. Kenney, M. Kennedy, H. Strock W
H. Harrison, J. W. McCarthy, M. M
O Connor, P. J. McElroy, M. J. Tandy M
Kelliher, A. J. Keavey.
Many remained to enjoy the dance after
the rendition of the programme, in which
the following talent participated :
Miss Lena Hochmeister, vocal solo: George
Little, comedian ; Miss Hattie Phillips, fancy
dance; Jamei Beatty, vocalist; Hayes Sisters
song and dance; Dick McCreadie, yocalist'
Minnie Cass and Mrs. Phillips, instrumental
duet; John Kirby, vocalist; Miss Kittie Kel
leher and Steve Dillon, Irish jig; Charles
Ward, vocalist: Kelly and Marlow, specialties;
MissMolHe Rode, vocalist; Ed Calave, come
dian; Silver anfl Wyatt, song and dance; Miss
Alice Condon, vocalist; the Addises specialties;
George Burr, musical selections; Miss Edna
Savage, vocalist; Grahwrn and O'Day, special
ties; Miss Nellie Rode, vocalist; Ben Snail
ham, specialist: Miss Gertie Harrison, vocal
ist; Joe Jardine, musical selections; Miss
Sndie Taylor, vocalist; Joseph Ilnnsen, vocal
ist; John -T. Young, acrobat; Kid Kelson,
vocalist; Heffernan and Webb, comedians;
Ed Durand, specialist; Miss Edith Bowers,
vocalist; Louis Stehm, youngest black face
comedian on the coast. New Bully; W. A. Me-
Grill and his trained dog; James Donahue,
vocalist; Richard 1. Whelan, specialties; Pro
fessor Dan Kemp, all around. Music by Na
tional Orchestra.
LOCATION SELECTED.
Beautiful Site for the Sloat Memorial at
Monterey.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 30.— Lieutenant
Landis and Lieutenant Lambert of the
United States army, accompanied by
Major 13, A. Sherman, were at Monterey
yesterday and selected the spot upon
which the Sloat monument, to be erected
by the United States Government, to com
memorate the acquisition of California by
our Government and the raising of the flag
by Commodore Sloat, is to stand. The site
is an ideal one, being at an elevation of
about 300 feet above the waters of the
Pacific and close to one of the ancles of the
old fort. The cornerstone will be laid
July 7 with great ceremony and all the
pomp of a great military pageant.
SPEEDY OAKLAND RIDERS
They Won Four Out of Five
Events at the Central
Park Track.
Kenna and Agnew Captured the Ama>
teur Events, Dow and Boyden
the Professional.
It was a great day for the cyclers from
Oakland at the Central Park races yester
day. J. R. Kenna, Acme Club, won two
amateur events; A. H. Agnew, Acme Club,
another, and A. M. Boyden, Reliance Club,
the mile professional. All the races were
close and exciting. There was no "loaf
ing," and altogether it was one of the best
meets held here.
The races in the afternoon proved one
thing that has been evident at the last few
meets, and that is that Kenna is very
nearly the speeuiest amateur on the coast
to-day. lie is a new man on the track,
but rides with a determination and skill
that brought him in twice a winner yes
terday.
The half-mile handicap, professional,
I in the afternoon furnished several sur
prises. First Campbell beat Foster in their
j heat. Then Downing defeated Olsen.
1 Next Dow and dishing beat Bob
Long and Allan Jones, and then Johnny
Edwards did not even qualify in his heat.
But it was the final neat that upset all
i calculations. Those who had qualified
were Terrill, Dow, Downing and Camp
bell. Terrill is probably the best man and
| should have won, but "ne miscounted the
! laps and quit one round too soon. He re
i covered enough to get into third place.
, Dow beat Downing in the sprint, and as
both are San Jose boys the Garden Citys
were naturally delighted.
Dow is showing splendid form, and sur
prised his most ardent admirers. It is
! quite a card for any rider to beat such men
; as he did yesterday.
A. M. Boyden, "of the Reliance Club,
j Oakland, is another rider who was slow as
1 an amateur, but is making a good showing;
a- a professional. He won the mile handi
i cap last night in clever style, riding the
I entire distance unpaced, he being the
! limit man.
Following is the summary :
. '■'■"■' . AFTERNOON. .
One-third mile scratch, amateur, first heat—
P. R. Mott, Reliance, first; T. 8. Hall, Bay City,
second. Time, .50 4-31 •.-./.;.:
Second heat— J. R. Kenna, Acme, first; C. D.
Gooch, Reliance, second. Time, .49.
Third heat— G. B. Fuller, Olympic, first; R.
A. Coulter, California, second. Time, .51.
Fourth heat— George Tantau, Olympic, first:
E. Languetin, Hay City, second. Time, .48 3-5.
Fifth heat— T. A. Griffith*,, Bay City, first;
George A. Nissen, Acme, second. Time, .45 3-5
Sixth heat— C. D. Bates Jr., Reliance, first;
i C. Birdsall, California, second. Time, :50 1-5
Seventh heat— J. S. Wing, San Jose, first; P.
Metcalf, Imperial, second. Time, :47 3-5.
First semi-final— J. R. Kenna, Acme, first;
Percy Matt, Reliance, second. Time, :49.
Second semi-final— G. A. Nlssen, Acme, first-
T. A. Griffiths, Bay City, second. Time, :5G 1-5
Third semi-final— J. E. Wing. San Jose, first;
C. D. Bates Jr., Reliance, second. Time,
Final heat— J. R. Kenna, Acme, first; G. A.
i Nissen, Acme, second; time, :48 3-5.
Half mile, scratch, professional: First heat—
J. M. Campbell. Spokane, first; W.F.Foster,
! Olympic, second; time, 1:23 3-5.
Second heat— Hardy Downing, Garden City,
first: Oscar Osen, Olympic, second; time,
i:l** 2-5.
Third heat— R. E. Dow, Garden City/first:
Russell Cushing, Garden City, second; time.
X ill* '—-•>.
Fourth heat— H. F. Terrill, Bay City, first;
F. M. Byrne, Imperial, second; time. 1:20 3-5
Final heat— R. K. Dow, Garden City, first;
H. Downing, Garden City, second i fa. F. Ter
rill, Bay City, third; time, 1:10 1-5.
One-half mile handicap, amateur, first heat—
.P. R. Mott, Reliance, first, 10 yaras; B. C. Ray
naud, Bay City, second, 30 yards. Time,
1 ' 10 •> ■ > .
Second heat— B. H. Elford, Reliance, first, 50
yards; F. C. Hanson, California, second, 55
yards. Time, 1 :0;» 2-5. '
Third heat— Goodwin. San Francisco Road
Club, first, 35 yards; A. Scheib, unattached,
second, 35 yards. Time, 1:08 3-5.!
Fourth heat— C. D. Gooch, Reliance, first, 25
yards; li. W. Squires, Acme, second, 10 yards,
Time, 1:0/ 2-5.
Fifth heat— J. R. Kenna, Acme, first. 20
yards; L. E. Pels, San Francisco Road Club,
recond, 35 yards. Time, 1:07.
. Sixth heat— T. A. Griffiths. Bay City, first, 15
yards; C. Birdsall, California, second, 50 yards
Time, 1 :08 4-5.
Seventh heat-F. L. Day, Bay City, first, 25
yards; J. S. Brearton, Reliance, second. 55
yards. Time, 1:10. .
Eighth heat— K. banguetin, Bay City, first,
40 yards ; A. 11. Agnew, Acme, second, 50 yards.
Time, 1:05 1-5.
Ninth heat— W. C. Klotz, California, first, 65
yards; P. M. Lefevre, Acme, second, 25 yards.
Time, 1:05 2-5. -
Tenth heat— J. E. Wing, San Jose, first, 10
yards ; Jr. J. Borrell, Imperial, second, 50 yards.
lime, 1:10.
_ First semi-final— E. Langnetin, Bay City,
first. 40 yards; P. R. Molt, Reliance 10, and J.
K. kenna, Acme 20, dead heat, second. Time,
Second semi-final-C. D. : Gooch, Reliance,
first, 25 yards; <;. Goodwin, San Francisco
Road Club, second, 35 yards. .Time, 1 :0ti 3-5.
* I . nRl _ heat— J. R. Kenna, Acme, first, 20
yards; P. R. Mott. Reliance, second, 10 yards.
Time, 1:12. , - -
' EVENING. ' -.. .'"'
«O« O £ c ?,J iandlc »Pj Professional: First heat—
H.F. Terrill, Bay city, first, SO yards; J. M.
«». c 4 I ? 4 r • Bpokane > second, 45 . yards. . Time,
Second heat— F. M. Byrne, Imperial, first, 90
yards; Hardy Downing. Garden City, second,
00 yards. Time. 2:23.
Third heat-J. E. Edwards, Olympic, first,
35 yards; Russell Cushlnsr. Garden City, sec
ond, 75 yards. Time, 2 :44 4-5. - ■ -
Fourth heat-A. M. Boy.icn, Reliance, first,
30 , yards; Allan Jones, Olympic, second, 30
yards. Time, 2:15 1-5. *- .
Final heat— A. M. Boyden; Reliance, first,l3s
yards; F. M. Bryne. Imperial, -second,' 90
yard!,; Allan Jones, Olympic, third, 30 yards,
I line, *- I Id. ,
One mile scratch, amateur (consolation.)
First heat-A. H. Agnew, Acme, first; F. C.
Hanson California, second. Tune, 2 :5«.
Second heat-c. A. Kraft. Bay City, first; W.
Vri I 0I 0 ' 2.2 '. California, second. Time, 3-5.
• i lard heat— p. a. Deacon, Reliance, first; B.
C. Kaynaud, Bay City, second. , Time, 2:42.
cj. Fourth heat-F. L. ■ Day, Bay City, first; H.
Siernberg, California, second. Time, 2:49 4-5.
„*!."" heat— George Tantau, Olympic, first;
sr;,hl c) Imperial, second. Time, 2:29 35.
c if *J, George Fuller/Olympic, first; T.
S. Hall, Bay City, second. Time, 2:49 2-5.
Seventh heat-G. H. Crafts, Acme, first; A.
w - , X I en> . Acme, second. Time, 2:50 3-5.
a First femi-flna!-C. A. Kraft, Bay City, first;
A. H. Agnew, Acme, second. Time, 2 :32.
Second semi-final-G. H. Crafts, Acme, first;
G f° u r e X Tanta Olympic, second. . Time,
'■ Third semi-final -E. C. Barley, Imperial,
2,l\i' A> w - Kitchen, Acme.- second. Time!
B- Fi ° al heat— A. H. Agnew, Acme, first: C. A.
Kraft, Bay City, second. . Time, 2:59 2-6.
CRUSHED BETWEEN
TWO CABLE-CARS.
Collision at the Corner of
Polk and California
Streets.
TWO LADIES WERE HURT
Miss Mary A. Comerford and
Mrs. J. J. Miller Suffer Se
rious Injuries.
SLIPPERY TRACK THE CAUSE.
Brakes Could Not Hold the California-
Street Car From Going Down
the Grade.
Bhortly after 9 o'clock Friday evening a
California-street cable-car collided with a
dummy of the Sutterstreet Company line
at the corner of Folk street. Both cars
were thrown from the track and two ladies
were severely injured, being crushed be
tween the cars.
Miss Mary A. Comerford of 1333 Cali
fornia street was badly bruised on the
knee and foot, and Mrs. J. J. Miller -of 2902
Sixteenth street also had her knee and
leg crushed seriously.
The Polk and Larkin streets car had the
right of way and was slowly crossing Cali
fornia street going north. The eripman
saw the California-streetcar coming down
the grade from Larkin street and expected
it would come to a standstill at the corner.
Instead, however, as it approached Polk
street its speed increased, the gripman
apparently having lost all control of it.
By this time the Polk-street car was cross,
frig the California-street tract when the
long car crushed into it with a noise that
was heard several blocks away.
None of the passengers of the Californii
street car was injured, but on the dummy
Mrs. Miller and Miss Comerford, who were
seated at the rear end of the side seat,
were pinned so tightly between the cars
that it was necessary to pry the cars apart
in order to extricate them.
Miss Comerford, the more agile of the
two, succeeded in jumping partially on to
the seat to save herseJf, and thus escaped
more severe injuries, but Mrs. Miller was
caught by the headlight of the California
street car and crushed against the seat of
the dummy.
Dr. Brackett, who was on one of the
cars, promptly went to the assistance of
the ladies, both of whom were taken to
their home in carriages.
Yesterday both ladies were resting com
paratively easily. It was not possible,
however, to tell how seriously the shock
might affect Mrs. Miller, as she was in a
deiicatn condition at the time of the acci
dent.
Both cars were but slightly damaged;
the Sutter-street car had simply a stan
chion of the seat broken. Superintendent
McGhee of the California-street Company
said:
"The track was very slippery, owing to
the fog, and the gripman had no control
whatever of the car. Both gripman and
conductor had turned on the brake, but
the car slid along, although the wheels
were set perfectly still. Really no one is
to blame, for it is next to impossible to
stop a car on a down grade when the rails
are covered with moisture.
"As soon as we ascertained that some
body was hurt we sent our physician, Dr.
Barger, to the scene, and the Sutter-street
company sent Dr. Dore."
The Sutter-street company representa
tives said they were not to blame at all, as
tneir car— No. B— had the right of way;
nevertheless they had rendered what med
ical assistance tliey could.
Benefit Society.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 30.— The Ladies'
Mutual Beneficial Society of Oakland has
been incorporated. The directors are S.
A. Hamager, C. E. Sanderson, Ella Mason,
A. V. Demson of Oakland, ami H. M. Up
shar of San Francisco. The objects of the
society are to afford assistance to sick
members, furnish a weekly benefit and
provide a decent burial for the dead.
_ HEW TO-PAT.
_______
CAPES,
JACKETS
SUITS.
GREAT
REDUCTIONS.
tLook to us to
$r» supply your needs
DfcN' in these important
Jsr»v^ items. We'll not
/^?^A\l^ disappoint you.
c_4^ k\M \ISI Our reputation is
•^^jm k/ wrapped up in
V*sfS' YP every garment
Jflk^J} jj that leaves this
//' store, and we
think too much of
it not to sustain it. We are the
leading exclusive Suit and Cloak
House on the coast. No one shall
undersell us.
NOTE THESE PRICES!
CLOTH CAPES.
FINK A WOOL CLOTH CAPES— $1 m
Single or double— black and all «Jp_L. %J\J
colors — some braided — some ti\
. »tl:ci,ed and some of them lined "
with silk— values ?5 to flO Prices fl]»Q £A
this week.... ..; :... <JpO.t>U
HH SILK ~CAPES.
Latest styles in SILKS— Full J«t and asrr rs\
ribbon trimmed— silk-lined— short «S> I .i)U
lengths in the prevailing fashion— TO
full ripple. Reduced this weektodJlO rr\
■ prices ranging from L— • _ U
DRESS " '"SPECIALS. ■•.
TAILOR-MADE DRESSES— Heavy
fine -tailor materials— full wide ffllO. en
skirt— st iT rustling linliii;— jackets»4pX<J.UU
lined throughout— ln DUzer, reefer . — „
or fly jront styles— fancy mixtures V
. serge*— homespuns— the latest and. 2*oo, (\f\
the latest only .:.................... «jp^.U.UU
GREAT JACKET SPECIAL.
TAN KERSEY • JACKETS—
highly finished kerseys— box fronts
—fancy bacKs— new s'eeves— pearl
buttons— all sizes— made up In the <£*/? f\f\
' best style. This week at..: »JpU.l/l/
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY AND SATIS-
FACTORILY PILLED. ; ;
KELLY &~LIEBES,
120 KEARNY ST. • r
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
SPECIAL
SALE
ox* —
FRENCH
PRINTED
CHALLIES!
Commencing Monday, June Ist, we
will offer our entire stock of KOECH-
LIN FRERES' Best Quality FRENCH
PRINTED CHALLIES, all this sea-
son's importation, and all elegant de-
signs, at
ZOC per Yard,
Former price 4OC and 50c per Yard.
We will also continue r the sale of
our Printed Lace Dimities at
1 &*2\j per Yard.
ill, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
■
top 1 9"
NOTCH- IBen-flnr
ERS> Bicycles
* *# ■ WIUM
$85^
$10 DOWN AND
$2 PER WEEK.
Absolutely high grade. Made In all
height of frames for
LADIES OR GENTS.
A FEW '95's
LEFT AT
$60.^;
SAME CONDITIONS AS ABOVE.
'^jt^M^Zk^s FIFTY-DOLLAR
'^^^IELECTRIC BELTS
mMQ^|nMa#r ! for •20, and *3O Belts
PE£7HvsP^^tS« " or 915: also koocl belts tor
jW*3Br<TrT * 5 - ■ latest patent and all
'.";'-; l*j -ClyP-V Improvements. tt3~ Call
' S> <^ or write for new pamphlet
PIERCE <fc SON, 70i Sacramento St., cor! Kearny', I
PIERCK A SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco.
[j!^!s^|| 'Dr. Hall's Reinvigorator
»Aj*WVP 'tops all losses in '24 hours. Restores
KMa iXiy. .Manhood, t:nlurgcs Small Organs,
2 ' cures Emissions, Reinvigorator
?tops all losses In 24 hours. Kestorea
.Manhood, Enlurgt-s small organs,
cures Emissions, Impo encv, Varlco-
ESE3 IPS cplp> Gleet. Fits, Strictures and all
nfWJ Bff? wasting effect* of Self-Abuse or Ex-,
UmM 4UI cesses. Sent s-aled, $2 per bottle.
6^^ £T I'HKKE BOTTLES, $5; guaranteed
HBtattnto cure any Case.
DR. ±i AJLX.'B MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
All priyfcie diseases quickly cured. Send for boor.
Weak Men and Women
QHOCLD DAMIANA BITXEKS, THifi
O great Mexican Kemedy: gives HeaUfe aaJ
fctrengib to Ui« Sexual Or«au* i
If AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY „./ JUNE 2, 1896
At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET- ST.
;'; ' BUSINESS PROPERTY. '''
South line {No». 135 and 127) of Ellis
Street, 87:6 feet east of Mason.
This is an elegant piece of business property !n
second block from Market St., either east or south;
also in rear of. the Tlvnii, and adjoins the Hotel
Luncham. Improved; would pay largely on invest-
ment, Kxamlne this for an investment. Lar^e
lot, 50x100 feet, with one-half right In brick wall
on west line of lot.
GOLDEN GATE IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
Southeast corner of Oak and Ljon Stß.,
No. 1327 Oak and No. 124 Lyon St.
Improvements; 2 French flats. Each contains
salon parlor, drawing-room, kitchen, 4 bedrooms,
bath and laundry, etc. Klezantly finished; mod.
em improvements. Opposite the Go! Jen Gate
Park. Examine this lor Investment. Rents
readily. Choice neighborhood. Several electric
ana cable roads. Lot 26x91:2 feet.
. MISSION FHEICCH FLATS.
West line (Xos. 326-333) of Noe St., 30
feet north of Seventeenth.
Improvements: 4 French flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each. Brick foundation. Street macada-
mized. Castro cable; Sixteen th-st. electric-cars.
Large lot, 50x95 feet, with 6-foot alley to seven-
teenth st.
MISSION/ RESIDENCE LOT.
West line Florida St., -'34 feet south of
Twentieth.
Lot ready for building: street sewered and mac-
adamized ; plank walk; Potrero cars ; lot 20x100.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE RESIDENCE.
North line (>*<». 2002) of Golden Gat«
Aye., 34 feet went of Lyon.
Two-story bay-windows; seven large rooms and
bath and large yard; choice flower-yard: must be
sold; examine it; McAllister cable and electric
cars: large lot 30x100.
FOLSOM-STREET BUSINESS LOT.
Southeast line FoDom St., 125 feet
southwest of Ninth.
This choice lot is in a business location, all ready
for building. With proper Improvements would
pay well. Street in basalt stone; electric and
cable cars: lot 25x95.
MISSION FRENCH FLATS.
W. line (Nos. 432 and 432'^) of Sanchez
St., 53 feet N. of Eighteenth.
Handsome building, with bay-windows, contain-
ing 2. French flats of 5 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation; high basement: street bituminized;
rents $30; 3. F. and a. M. e.ecric-road; lot 26x
100.
MISSION SUNNY COTTAGE.
W. line (No. 430) of Sanchez St., 78 feet
>'. of Eighteenth.
Cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath: brick founda-
tion; street bltumlnlzt'd; rent $14; S. F. and 8. at.
electric- this property adjoins the above; lot
25x100.
16-16-16
MISSION BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE
LOTS,
Fronting: San Jose Aye., Twenty-ninth
and Tiffany Sfcs.
This line of business and residence lota Is very
favorably located, being at the terminus of the
Vatencia-st. cable and within one block of the
Mission electric-cars, while the San Francisco and
San Mateo electric passes in front of the property*
there are 16 choice lots, 4 of which front Twenty-
ninth St., 6 front San Jose aye. and 6 Tiffany a*.;
these lots are all ready for building; street sew-
ered : new plank walk in front of the premises.
TERMS— One-third cash, balance in 1 and 2
years; interest 7 percent per annum.
EASTON, £LDIUDG£ & CO.,
Auctioneer!.
Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
§JW PRIVATE DISPENSARY
SPECIALTY- DISEASES OP MEN. INCI
£> i rig air forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous DiT
easrsofiipriviiu. nature. OverCO vear-'exnerfenn
Book sent free -Patients cured it: Home TarSS
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily; 6^ to «-«
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. . O)nsuitiitlou freeing
sacredly confidential. Call or address «ee_and
I». ROSCOJE Mi-MLTY, M 1>
»9X Ktarnj Street, San Franciaco, Cml.THE CENTROSOMES OF ANIMAL CELLS SHOWN TO BE LIVING ORGANISMS.
Remarkable Discovery of
Dr. Gustav Eisen.
SAN FRANCISCO
SCIENTIST.
It Will Revolutionize All
Modern Thought and
Study.
Greatest Advance in the Held of
Physiology for the Last
Fifteen Years.
On this page, In the following col
umns, THE CALL oresents to the world
its first inkling of a scientific discovery
which will undoubtedly revolutionize
all scientific thought and methods of
research.
Dr. GugtaT Kiscn, an eminent mem
ber of the California Academy of Sci
ences and one of the best-known inicro
scoplsts in the world, has discovered,
after many months of patient toil, that
the centrosome of animal cells is a
living organism.
Slowly but surely the secrets of nature
are being revealed by science. Men are at
work in all parts of the world searching
with the microscope for the least bit of
fact that will guide the way to something
else. Most of the great discoveries in bi
ology have been made in Germany and
France, but the last, and possibly the most
important, has just been made here in San
Francisco by Dr. Gustav Eisen of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences. The import
ance of the discovery will not be apparent
to the average person without an explana
tion, but before proceeding it might be as
well to state that it is the most important
fact the microscope has revealed for the
last fifteen years, it has a direct bearing
on ttie cell theory of biology, although the
experiments have been made with blood
corpuscles.
There was a time when our ancestors
looked upon blood as a fluid akin to red
ink. They knew of course that it was im
portant to life, but had no idea of what it
was composed. About the year 1(360 the
red blood corpuscles were discovered by
Swannerdam, and for more than a hun
dred years the idea prevailed that they
were soJid particles like aniline dye in a
11 ry s<tate. The discovery of the white
corpuscles in 1770 somewhat upset this
idea, but it was not until about nf ly years
ego that the real nature of the blood began
to be understood. Improved microscopes
and methods of staining revealed the fact
ti.at each corpuscle was a perfect cell,
w:th its different parts as cleanly divided
as the shell, white and yelk of an ordinary
bird's et?g.
As the years went by the discovery of
the cell grew in importance, and it soon
became known that all animal substance
was a composition of myriads of ceils. It
was found that all cells, whether of nerve,
brain or blood, were substantially the
same. All had the outer covering corre
sponding to the eggshell, and within this
a substance that was named the cyto
plasm. Within the cytoplasm, like the
yelk of an egg, was found a small sub
stance called the nucleus. After this was
found nothing new turned up until about
lifteen years ago, when the centrosome
was discovered. This was a small speck
of matter that adhered to the nacleus.
Later investigation showed it to be sur
rounded by a substance that was called the
archoplasm. From this a series of rays
were found that ran off in all directions
through the cytoplasm.
Since the discovery of the centrosome a
great deal has been found out about its ac
tion. It was found that in some unknown
way the centrosome divided itself and be
came two. One remained in its original
pace and the other paused around to the
opposite side of the nucleus. In time the
centrosomes, by the aid of the rays, ac
complished the division of the nucleus,
after which the balance of the ceil also di
vided and eventually formed two distinct
cells, ready to repeat the process ad intini
tum.
All the diagrams of cells that have here
tofore been made have been some from
ligure 1 in the accompanying group of
cuts.
The centrosome was thought to be
an organ of each cell, but Dr. Kisen has
shown it to be a distinct organism,
capable of individual action and sur
viving in the blood serum Ions; after
the rest of the cell has perished.
In making his experiments Dr. Eisen
used the blood of the Batrachiseps attenu
atus, or water dog, as that reptile's red
corpuscles are about 500 times the bulk of
those of a human being. He made a
number of slides and at first thought the
blood must have been tilled with parasites.
Gradually the facts dawned on him and
after several months' work he is at last
able to say that he has found something
new. The set of microscopic slides tnat
he has show numerous phases of the trans
formation of the centrosome from a con
Btituent of the cell to an independent
organism, but four of the accompanying
group will give an idea of the principal
changes. No. 2 shows the centrosomes
preparing to leave the cell. In No. 3 they
have stretched to a considerable distance
from the nucleus and the cytoplasm has
disappeared. In No. 4 one of them has
already freed itself and the other is seen
ranging by a protoplasmic shaft. No. 5
Bhows the centrosome as a complete indi
vidual, possessing nearly all the properties
of a cell.
That the liberated centrosome is capable
of independent action Dr. Eisen has also
ascertained. He has discovered them in
the blood serum by the hundreds, and sev
eral of them are in the act of devouring
foreign matter. There are several slides
showing the new element wrapped around
the fragments of disintegrating cells like
the tentacles of a devil-fish. The^e slides
are dependent on color for their effect and
cannot be reproduced in black and white.
What doe's- all this prove? some might
ask. in the first place, it proves beyond
the shadow of a doubt that the centrosome
is the center of life of all animal cells. It
is proved to be a distinct entity with a
vital center that may be similar to a brain.
This explains cow the centrosome is able
to pass from one side of the nucleus to the
other. Aa an independent organism it
may be as well able to direct its move
ments as an insect crawling on the outside
of an apple.
The importance of the discovery may be
realized from the iact that it will change
the whole course of work of every micro
scopist in the world. Many theories of a
week ago have been made facts, or have
been proved to be untenable. Dr. Eisen's
investigations have been so successful and
his slides have turned out so perfectly
that there is no room for thinking that
phenomenon he has observed might mean
anything else. The reason the investiga
tions have turned out as they have is due
to the state- of the blood of the animal
from which it was taken and also to the
methods of staining.
For the scientific students of the world
Dr. Eisen has given The Call a few ex
tracts from the work he is preparing on
the subject. The following selections re
fer only to the principal phases of tne dis
covery; the details will make a book of
hundreds of pages:
Tne elements of the blood of Batracblseps
attenuatus are in several respects most inter
esting, differing in some points as do the cor
responding elements of any other species of
batrachian which has come under my observa
tion, directly or indirectly. Batrachiseps at
tenuatus is one of the most common batra
chians in this part of California and material
for study may be had anywhere almost and at
any time except during the dryest part of the
summer when specimens are scarce. The ele
ments in the blood of this interesting animal
are in short as follows: Erythocites or red
blood corpuscles. They differ in tnree points
from the red corpuscles in any other batrach
ian. First the vast majority, less than one per
cent at any time, do not possess any nucleus.
The percentage which is nucleated is some
what uncertain as I have not made a sufficient
number of counting to ascertain the average,
but I believe that one per ceut is not much out
of the way. In some animals, especially in
early spring, the nucleated red cells are bo
scarce that on a well spread coverglass I have
or.ly found one single red corpuscle with a
nucleus. At other times they are more
numerous, so that in a field viewed nnder less
power— say Zeiss A, we may count 100 to 200
nucleated cells, all the others having no
nucleus.
Second— The red bloodcells are of greatly
varying size, not in different animals, but in
the same blood. Thus while many corpuscles
are very large others are very small. We fre
quently meet with red bloodcells as small
as those of the human blood, while the
largest may have five times this diameter.
And this variation in size is apparently not de
pendent on the size of the animal, but appears
uniform in the respective individuals inves
tigated.
Third— The red blood corpuscles vary very
materially as regards their shape. The major
ity of corpuscles are ovoid, as batrachian blood
in general, but many are almost round or pear
shaped, and between these and the ovoid ones
there are all possible gradations and varia
tions.
As regards the nucleated red cells again, It Is
not by any means the largest ones that are fur
nished with nucleus, but the smallest as well.
Polymorphic lencocytes, similar to those
generally seen in batrachian blood.
Noronuclear leucocytes, smaller than the
former, or lymphocytes.
Easynophile leucocytes, of the tame size as
the polynuclear ones, smaller in most ba
trachian blood, but varying In size.
Fusiform elements, or degenerating nucle
ated red corpuscles.
Degenerating leucocytes, of various forms
and sizes, generally larger than the regular
leucocy tea. They occur in all stages of decom
position.
Plasmocytes. I apply this name to a hith
erto uudehcribed element in the blood, so far
only as observed by me in the blood of batra
chiseps. These new elements are much smaller
than the average erytheocytes, and only
slightly larger than the smallest erytheocytes.
They are somewhat larger than the erytheocytes
of the human blood. They are characterized
by the absence of cell membrane. They occur
in considerable numbers and are more numer
ous than the nucleated red bloodcells.
Tne object is to establish the identity of these
plasmocytes, to trace tlieir origin, to follow
their development, and to demonstrate and
prove thai they constitute the centrosomes
and sphere of the nucleated red cells, which
have disengaged themselves from the degen
erating and dissolving cells, surviving in the
blood serum as free and independent ele
ments, capable of growth and assimilation of
food.
A. B. Macallum was he first one to deter
mine satisfactorily that the fusiform elements
or corpuscles in the blood of Necturus derive
their origin directly from the red blood cor
puscles, that they constitute in fact disintegrat
ing red nucleated corpuscles, the cell wall of
which have been destroyed ana the haemoglo
bin of which has been liberated. As regards
the blood of batrachiseps this origin of the
fusiform corpuscles is so apparent that few, if
any, comments are necessary. On my slides I
have frequently found nucleated cells that had
been injured or in which from some other cause
the nucleated cell membrane had been rup
tured or in which the haemoglobin had
escaped, leaving only the cell membrane as a
ring around the nucleus, but at the proper
distance uway. Such nuclei were surrounded
by exactly the same cytoplasm and stained in
exactly the same way as that of the fusiform
corpuscles, and I could in them discern all the
different spheres that I have found in the fusi
form corpuscles. In other words the proto
plasmic projections at the anchor poles re
sembled exactly the plasmocytoblasts of the
fusiform corpuscles. On this account alone I
am satisfied of the correctness of Macallum's
demonstration as regards the origin of the
fusiform corpuscles.
But, furthermore, if a drop of batrachiseps
blood be mixed with a drop of salt solution, 0.6,
and observed, we noon see how the red cells
lose their haemoglobin, the cell membranes col
lapse, and the nuclei with adhering cytoplasm
are set free. These remains of the red blood
corpuscles resemble exactly ihe fusiform eie
ments, or at least some of them, as itia evi
dent that the fusiform corpuscles are present
in all stages of disintegration.
A fusiform corpuscle stained with tuloidin
blue mounted in thns-xylol and viewed under
a high-power oil Immersion presents the fol
lowing structure: A large, central nucleus of
rather irregular, oblong form. The two long
sides are always convex, while the two oppo
site short sides are generally flat or even con
cave. The nucleus -itself requires little de
scription. It Is a nucleus in degeneration, and
we find all the various stages between a dis
tinct network with well-defined chromosomes
to an irregular mass of dark, fctmning globules,
more or less concentrated or diff use. What at
tracts us most is the cytoplasmic elements
which adhere to the nucleus as a thin coating,
which is thicker at the shoit nuclear sides.
This cytoplasmic coat is different at the
poles of the nucleus from what it is at the
long sides. Thus the long sides are covered
by a very thin layer of faintly staining cyto
plasm, so thin in places that I am not certain
if it is always present. This Is the rule,
though occasionally the cytoplasm on the
sides is found much broader, showing two dis
tinct layers. But at the poles, or at least at
one of the poles, though generally at both
poles, the cytoplasm is greatly accumulated,
showing a number of distinctly staining zones
or sphere". The tuloidin bas a marked and
distinct affinity for this part of the cell, and
without this stain I could not possibly have
attained any result in the study of tbeie ele
ments. The tuloidin differentiates in s way
that no other stain does the respective zones
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
Gustav Eisen, Ph.D., the Eminent San Francisco Biologist and Microscop ist, Member of the Academy
of Natural Sciences, Whose Remarkable Discovery of Life in the Centrosome of the Blood
Is Now Presented to the World by "The Call."
of the cytoplasm, and nearly always in the
same manner, though always distinctly. In |
a general way it will be seen that the
cytoplasmic projection, or plasmocytoblast,
at one or both poles is much darker
in the center or at the base, while at the apex !
or along the outside margin it is lighter. The
outside also is always pale blue, wnile the cen
tral or basal part is violet. At the very base or
at the very center are seen one or more dark
dots, which even a cursory study satisfied me
constituted the centrosomes of the cell. They
are nearly always present. As might be
naturally expected we meet with some varia
tion in the form aud size of these cytoplasmic
zones, but as a rule they are quite or even very
constant. At the outset I find that the cyto
plasmic projections or plasmocytoblastf are of
twokinds, between which there are gradations.
In one kind, the dark staining part, with the
centrosomes, is situated at the base close to
the nucleus. In this form the layers or zones
superpose each other as a series of hollow cones
placed one over the other on a plane, the
centrosomes resting on this plane. In the
other form the zones surround each other as
the varions layers in a seed. I can near y
always distinguish six distinct zones, and in
order to treat of them intelligently I have
named them as follows, counting from the ex
terior to the interior or to the base. Ecto
plasm — (1) Plasmoephere ; (2) Annulus or hyal
osphere; (3) Granosphcre; Microcentrum— (4)
Centrosphere (or archoplasm); (5) Somosphere
witn (6) Centrosomes.
The following diagram of the cone-shaped
polar projection of the cytoplasm will more
clearly illustrate this, and requires but little
additional explanation :
Diagram Showing the Different Sections
of a Piasmocyte.
A— Centrotome ") D— Ciranosphere
b— Somosphere > Archoplaam X— Hyalosphcre
C— Centrosphere J F— Plasaiospbere
In the above diagram the nucleus is repre
sented as being below the base line. Immedi
ately above it in the center is the annulns or
hyalosphcre, while on the sides of the nucleus
extends the outer layer or plasmosphere. In
DIAGRAMS SHOWING THE TRANSFORMATION OF THE CENTROSOMES.
No. 1 shows a cell as it was known before Dr. Eisen' s discovery. The centrosomes appear as two species at the
bottom of the dark spot in the center.
No. 2 shows the centrosomes preparing to separate from the nucleus.
No. 3 shows them stretched to some length.
No. 4 shows one held only by a protoplasmic shaft.
No. 5 shows a centrosome as an independent organism in the blood strum.
*eneral the effect of the tuloidln stain is a«
follows: The plasmophere stains faintly blue, |
with darker blue blotches along the outer
margin. The hytilosphere or annulus almost
pure white. The centrosphere more or less
deep violet. The mtcrosphere tither pale
whitish or deeper violet or blue than the cen
trosphere. The somosphere dark with the
ceutrosomes darkest. From tuts general rule
there are, however, a few exceptions.
If we study this figure closer we see that the
cytoplasmic projection is especially prominent
at the upp^r pole, while at the lower pole it is
quite small. We have no difficulty in recog
nizing the outer plasmosphere, with its fringe
like margin, the hyalosphere next to it, almost ,
unstained, and the granosphere, which is very
Urge at the upper pole, while at the lower pole
it is very narrow. The microsphere again
is in this corpu-oie stained dark, while the
I somosphere and centrosomes are stained the
darkest of the spheres.
In the other class of fusiform corpuscles
again we find that the microsphere, at either
end, has traveled away from the base of the
cone, toward the apex, much more so at. the
| pole. We find that at the pole 6 the spheres
| are arranged in the cone-like type, while at
pole a the spheres have assumed the star type,
that n, they have traveled away from the base,
there being about aa much centrosphere on
each side surrou'iding the micfosphere. As I
have slated, we find fusiform corpuscles in all
stages between the two extremes, and the in
dividuality of each is such that two corpus
cles are never found exactly alike. Still there
i is such a great general similarity that we are
rarely in doubt as regards the identity of the
respective zones or spheres. I will now refer
to each of tne three spheres in detail, begin
ning with the outer one on the plasmosphere.
Plasmosphere.— The plasmosphere is espe
cially developed at the poles. It may be much
larger at one pole than at the other, and this
inequality In size corresponds also with the
inequality in size of the other spheres. In
other words, the spheres increase in size to
gether, ana in such a way that the largest
spheres are always those which surround the
centromes and centrosphere. The plasmo
sphere appears always Irinjred, partly from |
actually being so. partly from dark staininc
cytoplasm arranged as a dotted border. This
fringed appearance resembles greatly the i
plasma projections of an amoeba, and in a .
general way the direction of the rays are from j
the center outward, like the rays of a star. !
Th" plasmosphere gives the impression as if it
sometimes were in rest, while at otner times
it appears as if it had been fixed while in
amcebold activity.
Hyai-osphere or A nnttlus— Treated with
tuloidin this sphere appears always trans
parent and well denned as a narrow, even,
generally highly refractive annulus, which
surrounds both the oentrosphere and the nu
cleus.. Stained with Erlich-Biondi no differ
ence is seen between the plasmosphere and
the annulus, both staining deeply and without
any differentiation.
This is by far the most prominent one out
side of the nucleus, especially on account of
tne violet color given by the tuloidin blue, or
by its size. The violet color, however, is not
always constant. But this sphere is also dis
tinguished on account of its granulated proto
plasm, which may in most instances be readily
discerned. This granulation is not regular,
but quite uneven, some of the granules being
■arge, others smaller and of irregular color,
rhe periphery of this sphere Is even and
sharply defined, making a strong contrast be
tween it and the hyalosphere. As regards
lisa this sphere is variable. Frequently it is
fitv large or it may constitute only a narrow
:rescent. It frequently happens that at one
pole of the corpuscle the granosphere is very
large, while at the other pole again it is small
or even wanting. While the plasniosphere
»nd probably the hyalosphere extend all round
the nucleus, the grauosphereis confined to the
two poll's. It is this granosphere which evi
dently presses on the nucleus at each pole and
causes the dell in the nucleus. By this Ido
not mean that It always lies nearest to the
nuclear dell, but simply that it is the outer
most of the spheres which press around the
nucleus at certain points and cause a dell or
flattening at this point.
Between the granosphere and the nucleus
there is always a very thin layer of hyalo
sphere. but us this sphere extends all around
the nucleus it .is evident that it cannot be the
one thai causes the dell.
The granosphere at times is situated much
further away from the nucleus, and when in
this state it has also a more round form. The
contact with the nucleus then causes the
granosphere to flatten out, while it causes a
cavity in the nucleus. The granosphere must,
therefore, be composed of a denser protoplasm
than the nucleus. But this greater density
would probably not in the absence of a cell
wall be able to impress the nucleus except for
the elasticity and tenacity of the outer layers,
the plasmosphere and the hyalosphere, which
prevent the grnnosphere from escaping.
Centeosphf.be.— This is the largest of the
most interior spheres. It is nearly always
well denned from the granospherc and fre
quently surrounded by a light irregular body.
Its position in the granosphere is rariable; it
may be situated at the base of the cone, or it
may form the center of the rounded grano
sphere. It appears to be the movability, the
position of the centrosphere, which determines
the form and position of the sphere. Thus in
all cone-shaped plasmocytoblasts the centro
sphere is always situated close to the base,
while in the rounded plasmocytoblasts the
centrosphere is situated in the center, or
nearer tne center of the grnnosphere. Thecen
'trospherc then determines the shape of the
piasmocytoblast. The form of the enntro
sphere is variable. It is generally round, or at
li-iifi rounded, but sometimes it is starlike.
There may be one or more, sometimes three,
rarely, for centrospheres in each plasmocyto
blast. In the case of a plurality of centro
spheres there can be little doubt but that they
are parts of the original centrosphere, parts
which have separated and which carry away,
each one respectively, a part of the grano
sphere as a Kind of envelope.
As regards staining, the centrosphere stains
generally more faintly than the granosphere.
But by some unaccountable reason the rebus
sometimes occurs. In successful stains with
eosin and thiorin or eosin and methylblueO,
the centrospbere Is frequently stained pale
pink.
Somosphere and Centrosomes.— We now
come to the innermost of the spheres, which
again contains one or more darker staining
minute bodies. I think there be no doubt a*
to the nature of these and that we here have to
deal with the centrosomes of respective in
ve^titjators, whether use will distinguish the
somosphere as separate from the centrosomes
Dr. Jerome A. Anderson
On Its Importance.
or not It is certain that the dark granules!
are seldom entirely free, but that they are
surrounded by a dark staining irregular "
sphere, to which J have given the name somo- I
sphere, as being the one that nearest incloses
the centrosomes. The relationship of the so
xnosphere and centrosomes with the centro
sphere is not always plain. It would be incor
rect to state that the centrospnere surrounds
the somosphere, as frequently the somosphere
is seen to lie at one edge of the- centrosphere.
While theplasmocytoblastis in a resting stage
I could frequently detect several darker gran
ules in the somosphere, and which, judging
from more advanced plasmocytoblasts, proba
bly never exceed three or four in number. At
least I have never, with any certainty, found
more than four centrosomes in any plasmo
cytoblast, and rarely more than three.
. Development of the Plasmocytoblasts.—
I have already pointed out that by arranging
a series of drawings of the plasmocytoblasts
it soon becomes evident that they are , in
different stages of development. Not only are
some much larger than others, but these larger
Ones show a division of the inner spheres. And
this division appears to be caused by the
separation of • the centrosomes, carrying with
them each one an envelope of one or two
spheres. A further stage yet and this grano
sphere surrounds itself with a shell of hyalc
sphere and plasmosphere.
No Cell Membrane.— plasmocytes are
not surrounded by any cell membrane, tne
outer zone or plasmosphere being entirely
uncovered. I could not find any signs of the
formation of a new membrane except in one
or two instances. In this instance the plasmo
cyte was so rounded and the plasmosphere
showed no amoeboid projections. A thin
membrane bounded the sphere outwardly.
Another point of considerable interest is, I
bare observed, concerning the staining of the
endoplasmic sphere. When there are two dis- i
tinct divisions of the centrospheres or of the
grauospheres, one frequently stains different
from the other.
The final effort of the centrosome appears to
me to be to separate itself entirely and to form
the center of a plasmocyte. But if such sep
aration takes place, as I know it does, it is
mostly confined to the piasmocytoblast and
cases very pale and unstained, while , the cen
trosomes are very sharply defined. In order
not to repeat myself too much I will not now
describe the respective figures or discuss the
variations of the respective spheres.
Concerning the final inclosures of the cen
trosomes, I can only say that they vary to
considerable extent as regards location. But I
have frequently seen them lying in a half-circle
and connected' by a thin somosphere. ' Or the
division may be more perfect, in which case we
find three distinct centrospheres, each with a
centrosome. > .
The new element has .increased in size, and j
as it has moved away it has also changed its
form. The various envelopes of the new plasmo
cyte do not show a bearing apart and an irreg
ularity of form, but show a surprising regular
ity, or as much as could be expected in any
element. But, moreover, the final step in the
development of the plasmocytoblast is to sur
round itself with a regular, and complete cov
ering of the exterior zone, the plasmosphere. II
It is the closing of this sphere which, decides I
the time when the new element, the plasmo- II
cyte, is complete. - ■ I
The Plasmocytes.— ln the foregoing I have II
set forth how the inner spheres of the plasmo- I
cyioblasts have gradually receded . from the I
immediate vicinity of the nucleus, how they jl
have clothed themselves with envelopes of the
outer or ectoplasmic layers, and finally how
they have entirely separated themselves from
the fusiform corpuscles existing as new enti
ties in the blood scrum, with all signs of in
crease in size, assimilation of food, or phogo
cyiosls, ■ exhibiting, amoeboid movement just
as the originally independent leucocytes.
Growth of the Plasmocytes.— While a large
number of plasmocytes are not any larger ■■
tnan the largest divisions of tne plasmocyto
blast many of them are much larger, and from j
Oii I draw the conclusion' that they must
have grown. . Between, these the largest plas
mocytes and their yet attached progenitors
there are all possible grades. I have seen plas- !
mocytes which were as large as the nucleus of \
the ' erytbrocyte. The ' majority, however, are
much smaller, as will be seen by the measure
ments given below.'
This growth must be caused by the assimila
tion of food of various kinds. Probably most
of the food supply is derived from the blood
;erum direct, but some of it at least is at
tained by a direct process of phogocytosis. ;
Thus I have found many times plasmocytes
which had engulfed small erythrocytes— of
course only those of the smallest kind. This
is especially interesting, because we find en
closed in the erylhrocy a parasitic protozoa, i
the life history of which I have made out. It
is not difficult to see it if we have an instance
if phogocytosis, or if simply one blood ele
ment has been superposed on the other, as fre
luently occurs. I find repeatedly plasmocytes j
which lie on top of a red corpuscle and it
would at a hasty examination appear as if
Hthe plasmocyte was inclosed in the toriner.
Kut when a simple overlapping occurs I find
Hthat there is always a halo around the edges ! :
H>f the superposed element, caused by the press-
Hing back of the protoplasm of the underlying
Hone. In case of real phogocytosis this halo :
Hn ever occurs. ';
H From the foregoing observations it will be
Been that in the fusiform elements, of the blood ;
Hit least, the centrosomes, or perhaps the mi- !
as we cannot well separate ;
— show an independent life history and
Hlitc; surviving, growing and changing long
Halter the other constituents of the cell have
Hiisintegrated as such. As far as I can see the
te occupies the same position as
■would a real cell, showing with it all the gen-
H-ral qualities of the cell as. understood by
Hmodern cytologists, except one, the power to
new cells. At least, no instance of un-
Hi ualllied plasmocyte division has come under
Hny notice. The question- now arises, in what
Hrelationship stands the microcentrum, or the
HL-entrosome, to the nucleus and the center of
Hhe cell? As is well known, there are two oppo-
Hute views on this matter.
H One regards the centrosome as an original
of the cell always present and of
importance to the life history of
■the cell. The" adherents of the other theory
H:laim that the : centrosome is only an organ of
H^hu cell, like the heart of the animal body,
Hsither always present :or temporarily created
Hit the time of mitosis or cell division.
W According to the latter theory the only unc-
Hion lof the . centrosome and microcentrum
Hivould be to carry off and mechanically direct
Hthe complicated, forces of mitosis, and when
Hthis is accomplished ' the function would be
Hone. r ■■■-.'
■ This theory would suffice as long as centro-
Homes were not found in cells which had lost
H,heir power of mitosis, or at least would never
divide by kanyokinesis. , *JBBsS|
H I will now point out that if we not only rec-
H>gnize that ;. probably the microcentrum is
Hilways present in every cell, but also can
that the microcentrum in some
■■ells, vas 'in the fusiform : corpuscles of
Hhe batrachisepa, survive all other parts;
Hhat they clothe themselves with various
H:u velopes of 1 cytoplasmic spheres; that '. they
size | and assimilate food, and that
Hhey remain independent of the former cell—
Hhen I think we cannot help coming to the
H;onclusion that the ; centrosome ;is something
H:lse than a large microsome, which is situated
Hit the junction of the attraction sphere, and
Hvhose temporary function is to assist the
H:h romosomes and in other ways accomplish
I I hold, therefore, as I think, a logical con-
from my observations of the batrachi-
Heps blood, that the - centrosome is not . a tern-
H^ory organ of the cell, but a most : important
Hrital centrum, capable under certain condi-
Hions to exist as an independent element in
Hhe blood, capable of growth, assimilation of
Hood and probably of movement. ;
GV3TAV EISEK, Ph. D.
A BIG STEP IN
ADVANCE.
It Demonstrates That
There Is a Scientific
Life Basis*
fhe Discoverer an Eminent Member
of the California Academy
of Sciences.
The Call having: shown me proofs ol a
eview of a new book by Dr. Gustav Eisen,
mil having requested an opinion aa to the
mportance of the nistological discoveries
herein outlined, I have only to say that,
f correctly presented, there ia no question
.hat Dr. Eisen has added to scientific
knowledge that which will make his name
amiliar to all students of physiology here-*
ifter.
Put plainly the discovery amounts to this :
In both reproduction and cell prolifica
ion for nutritive or growth purposes, new
:ells are provided for by the division or
segmentation of an already existing cell,
n other words, all cells are cell-born, no
ipontaneous generation of even tne most
mmble beginnings of life being admitted.
A. perfect type of a cell (many believe all
:ells) contains a nucleus, and within this,
igain, a nucleolus, or, in reproductive
cells, a germinal spot. The division of
:ells is brought about by a splitting of the
:ell-substance, the active agent in which
s the nucleolus or centrosome.
The process is well described by Dr.
Eisen and need not oe repeated here. But
hi? centrosome, which has been held to
>c only an essential portion, or by others,
inly a function of a cell, by Dr. Eisen's
iiscovery suddenly reverses its position
md the cell becomes of secondary import
mce — in fact only an annex to this strange
ittle body. The real point upon which
urn all the mighty and secret processes
>y which life appears and is maintained
s shown to be this centrosome; and the
cell takes quite a secondary position.
The importance of this discovery, if
verified, will be most apparent to scien
tists, and more particularly to histolo
;ists and etnbryologists. The lay mind,
lowcvcr, can appreciate the fact that a
itep definitely in advance has been
taken in the attempt to solve the myi>
icry of being from, its physical aspect.
To some of the deductions. How
ever, the writer begs leave to demur.
For instance, it is implied that the
migrating of centrosomes to opposite
poles of the nucleus may be a voluntary
act on their part. This inference is not
;ustinable and is the result of an over
eagerness on the part of modern scientists
to demonstrate a physical basis for life; to
leave consciousness, which refuses to be
weighed or measured, out of account.
All such efforts must fail, and not until
scientists recognize the aptness of the old
symbol of the serpent biting its own tail
will they ever succeed in solving the riddle
of physical existence. Consciousness and
matter must be recognized as coequal and
conjoined in every physical manifestation
or the problem is but half solved and the
student fails. For the centrosomes to thus
leliberately change their positions to
bring about cell division would imply a
consciousness far exceeding their func
tiona in the animal economy, and would
further imply the body of man to be the
result of the conscious action of entities
infinitely below him in the acale of con
scious evolution.
In other words, it would be practically
the same thing as to fancy bricks and
nortar in a confused heap suddenly of
their own volition sorting themselves out,
each taking its proper position and thus
constructing a building without the super
vision of an architect, or under workmen.
Electricity is the nearest approach to
that which we recognize as "vital action,"
or life. Many believe it to be a lower
aspect of the same thing. If one studies
the process of cell division in these cuts,
with this idea in mind, he will discover
many things which remind him of elec
trical action. Two poles, two centers of
force, evidences of positive and negative
attraction are plainly apparent.
Dr. Eisen will, in the opinion of the
writer, be much nearer the true theory if,
recognizing the mutual dependence and
interaction of consciousness and matter,
he will see in the change in position of his
centrosomes the intelligent result of
electrical (vital) action directed by and
from the conscious aspect of a universe
which is not all material. This would
not necessarily mean that man supervises
these functional changes in his own body.
He does not; but the general mode of
action being conceived of in — let us say
the oversoul of the world would be im
pressed upon every particle of matter
within that world, and each particle, when
it reached the stage of the cell, would
strive, however blindly, to carry out and
obey this its inner guiding force.
For as matter and consciousness cannot
be divided (cannot be thought of even as
separated) each particle or atom of sub
stance would carry with it its informing
soul, thus derived from the impress of the
great Over Soul. Of course this implies a
pantheistic conception of the universe*
aut, unless this is recognized, how is man
to ever solve these riddles of the sphinx?
It is not what some one else believes, but
truth that the scientist wants, and it is
with the honest endeavor to heip that
these suggestions are offered to such
learned and intelligent students as Dr.
Eisen.
His discovery takes us one step nearer
the physical basis of reproduction and nu
trition, but this is but half the mystery.
Unless we believe that the stream can rise
higher ihan its Bource; that out of blind
force playing through senseless matter all
the divinely conscious states of compas
sion, love, reason and so on. can arise, there
must be looked for the conscious a* well
as the physical basis of human hopes and
fears. Electricity is a possible mode or
force by which consciousness may act
upon and through matter, an agent which
may unite and co-ordinate tnese two poles
of absolute unity, and even in the beha
vior of these mysterious centrosomes may
be detected the mode of action of this
which would seem to be the obedient ser
vant of the creative gods/
Jekome A. Andebson, M.D., F.T.3.
1718
YELLOW DOGS SAFE
ON TEHAMA STREET
Children Pledged to Protect
Animals From Hood
lums.
The Creed of Kindness Taught
the Jefferson School Band
. of Mercy.
How Dominick Syce Saved a China
man From Street Urchins—Dif
ferent Methods.
People in the Jefferson School district,
which has its center near First and Te
hama streets, are frequently heard to re
mark tbe change that has come over the
spirit of the locality. A few years ago a
Chinaman was unsafe thereabout. If he
wasn't forced into unequal hand-to-hand
battle he was pelted with stones and made
to think that existence in this country had
more penalties than the annual poll tax.
Woe to the stray dog or cat which ran into
the territory of the young barbarians south
of Market street. The cur was terrorized
with an appe ndant of old oyster cans, and
his noisy flight furnished amusement for
many a block, while the feline became a
target for siungfhot and brickbat till she
either succumbed to the assault or escaped
under some friendly bouse. When pueil
ism was popular in the West the urchins
of Jefferson School had daily set-tos in
back lots, and skinned faces, black eyes
and broken noses, as well as bruised hands
and lame lees, were not rare things.
To-day the Jefferson School is one of tbe
most orderly in all the City. The children
don't fight as they used to; they don't
stone cats, or tie tin cans to the tails of
dogs or molest the sons of the Flowery
Kingdom. And why? Because every
school child down that way, as soon as he
is old enough to write his name, is made a
member of an army for the prevention of
all the old evils, and no blue-frocked, brass
buttoned guardian of the peace could ever
have done a tithe of the good that those
children have accomplished. For the last
four years the principal of the Jefferson
School, Miss M. M. Murphy, has been or
ganizing the pupils of all the various
classes into Bands of Mercy, and although
at first the idea was combated in the dis
trict, it has gradually increased in popu
larity until now every child seems proud
of his enrollment. Tnere are 350 members
in the organization to-day, and each of
them takes this pledge, which, if it isn't
impressive in the reader's eye, is decidedly
effective where it is thoroughly under
stood :
"We, the undersigned, do solemnly
promise that we will not fight, and that we
will do all in our power to prevent ethers
from fighting.
"We do solemnly promise not to stone
Chinese and to prevent others from
doing it.
"We do solemnly promise not to abuse
dumb animals and to do all we can to pro
tect them from the abuse of others."
Every Friday afternoon, before Jefferson
School is dismissed for the week, the dif
ferent classes gather in the assembly
room, each class being distinguished by a
badge of a particular color — red, pink,
white, purp'e, gold or blue. In chorus
they repeat that pledge and then recite in
unison this stanza from Coleridge :
He prayem best who loveth best
All things, both great aud small,
For tbe dear God, who loveth us.
He rutde and loveth all.
Last Friday afternoon the children were
called upon to relate, as best they might,
such experiences as had come under their
notice to remind them of their duties as
members of the band. Before starting out
with the experiences, however, they all
. joined in a song, and the voices blended
remarkably well.
Johnny Gould, a lad of 10, had a story
with a moral to it. "You see," said he,
"I was walking down Harrison street and
I saw a boy my size with a brick going for
a cat and I told him to stop and he says,
'Shut up, who's doing this?' Then he
turns and chases me all his might, but he
tumbled over a rock and fell down hill
and cut his face up, and the cat got away,
and I got away, too."
"By that you may see," said the princi
pal, "that sometimes people are punished
in this life for their misdeeds." And
Johnny Gould resigned the floor to Georgie
Philips, who had this to tell : "Last wee*
one day some boys on our street tied ti n
cans to a dog's tail, and the dog ran like
he was crazy, and I ran after it to take the
cans off. A policeman saw the dog and
ran, too, and I guess the dog knew we
were friends, for he ran right into us, and
one of the cans hit me in the leg and
scratched it so the blood came. Then the
policeman got the cans off; he said 'l'll
give $5 for the name of the boys who tied
cans on this dog,' But I guess he never
found out."
Dominick Syce was one of the boys who
believed in heroic measures, and who
wasn't disposed to waste good advice
where sterner methods seemed to be re
quired. He had a few ideas of his own
about how to prevent cruelty, and a titter
ran through the hall as be reeled off his
story:
"One day a Chinaman with a bag o'
rags on his back was going along, and a
boy began firing stones at him. The
Chinaman began to run, and the boy kept
a-chasing of him and firing at him, until I
runs up and sticks out my foot and tripa
the boy head over heels. The Chinaman
laughed and it made the boy madder and
he jumps up wild and yells, 'What's th«
matter of you?' I'm all right,' I says,
•How d'you like it yourself? Now go and
throw stones at another Chinaman, will
you*'"
"Try to avoid harsh measures, boys,
whenever it is possible," advised the prin
cipal.
"A long time ago," said little "Willie
Hammerschmidt, "I found a kitten on the
road and it was going to die because it
never had anything to eat, and I took it
up in my arms and brought it home and
mother fed it and made it warm. W<
liked the kitten so much after a whili
that we kept it and gave our old cat away,
and now that little kitten is a great big
cat and catcnes all the mice around."
"That's the way the cat is paying yon
for saving its life," remarked a teacher.
Some recitations followed and the schooi
sane to the air of "Home, Sweet Home "
this stanza:
Be kind to dumb creatures, nor grudge them youi
care.
God gave them their life, and your love they man
share,
And be who the so arrow* fall tenderly heeds
Will lovingly look on compassionate deeds.
And now the little girls were given an
opportunity to speak in the interests of j
the society.
Esther Mossbacber had been instru
mental in bringing; punishment on a man
who was cruel to his horse. "He was
driving up a big hill and the horse couldn't
go any further, so the driver got out and
beat the horse awfully. 1 screamed to the
man to stop, but he -went right on hitting
the Door horse, so I ran into a blacksmith
shop and told the blacksmith, and he ran
out and called a policeman and had the
man that beat the horse arrested."
Katie Donovan had seen a haif-starved
and very weak-looking dog on the street
with a sign on its back — "For Sale."
•'I had just been to the baker's for a loal
of bread," said Katie, "and the baker had
given me a doughnut, but I had only
begun to eat it when I saw the poor dog.
I went and gave the dog all the doughnut
I had left, aud took the sign off his back,
and the dog licked my hand. He was
weas and lay down by a doorstep, and 1
thought I w.ould go and ask if I could
bring him home. When I got back to
where I left the dog he was gone, and I
never could find him. "_
"But you had reason to be satisfied and
pleased with the kindness you showed and
with your efforts to do still more foi the
beast that had, no doubt, been greatly
abused by some heartless person," ob
served the principal.
There were recitations and more experi
ences, and Arthur Anderson, a prodigy of
6 years, read a few paragraphs from a
daily paper and was loudly applauded. A
little colored boy asked the principal if the
band couldn't sing the ''Mocking Bird."
The request was granted, and it is as good
as listening to the average concert rendi
tion to hear Jefferson School singing the
"Mocking Bird." Tne chorus is really de
lightful, the girls singing on one side
while the boys on tbe other side whistle
the air and trill. "Little Hoy Ulue" is an
other favorite song, and that was also given
in appreciable style. Then tn0350 children
marched down the assembly hall in per
fect order, according to the piano signals
for the tire drill.
Miss Murphy said the children brought
into her office little kittens or dogs which
had been saved from cruel treatment.
There are some ludicrous features about
the actions of the children in carrying out
the objects of the band. For instance, one
boy nearly had a fight to prevent another
from chopping a long worm in twain. The
defender of the worm took it up in his
fingers and carried it into school, where
he frightened one of the teachers who mis
took it for a snake. But, of course, the
boy had to be commended for his act. He
was simply following out the Band of
Mercy idea.
The Jefferson School Band of Mercy
register is a wonderful collection of curious
hieroglyphics, for 6-year-old children have
affixed their autographs here and there,
and some interesting studies in thechirog
raphy of the young is the result, although
some of them sign their names about as
plainly as Shakespeare or Horace Greoley
used to do. There is plenty of evidence to
the fact that these children are doing good.
Strong men will hearken to the voices of
tender little girls when they would not
heed the words of elder people, and there
is an example where a man who was beat
ing his horse was called to by a child,
"Please don't whip him, sir."
"What is it to you?" laughed the rough
fellow.
"I belong to the Band of Mercy, sir,"
was the response. "Please don't whip the
horse any more."
"Well, child," said the man, lowering
his whip, "since you ask me to stop, I'll
be gol-darned if I don't stop. For your
sake, child, I'll not beat him any more."
When children are taught the creed of
kindness atthe start, the odds are strongly
in favor of their making better men and
women.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
Zaca Lake Needs Federal Protection.
The people of Santa Barbara County are
very appreciative of the natural beauties
of the wild mountainous region which lies
back of the fertile coast valley and which
comprises very nearly two-thirds of the
county's area, but for years they have
been tamely submitting to having barbed
wire fences strung across their most at
tractive trails, and many of their most de
'ightful canyons and mountain passes
have been closed to travel by speculative
individuals who, for the sake of gaining a
doubtful title to an uncertain water right,
or to snatch a bit of wild pasture which
may in the very distant future attain some
marketable value, will thus bar public ap
proach to localities, worthless for settle
ment but abounding in scenic attractions
and in game. Now Santa Barbara County
sees the gem of all her natural beauties
slipping away from it, and her people are [
petitioning the Federal Government to
have Zaca Lake perpetually set apart for
a National park.
High up in the heart of the mountains ;
this charming body of water lies, nestling j
in a great bowl-shaped hollow at the foot
of Zaca Peak, whose triangular shape dis
tinguishes it along the serrated crest of
the San Rafael Mountains. The road
thither leads by way of Los Olivos and
through a corner of tne Zaca Ranch, the
latter a tract of 13,000 acres, one of tho
largest grain ranches in California, the
property of J. W. Calkins, a Santa Barbara
banker.
The route to Zaca Lake follows Zaca
Creek, crossing and recrossing the little
mountain stream dozens of times, some
times over a broad culvert, at others ford
ing the shallow water. It is probably one
of the steepest and most rugged roads on
the coast. One who has traversed it many
times remarks that although heavy teams
are often taken over it it is a sort of road
that an Eastern man would crawl up on
his bands and knees, and that it fa:rly
"leans back" in places. But it is pic
turesque, as such roads always are. Some
times it loses itself in stiadow under" over
arching sycamores, sometimes it emerges
on a bare and rocky hillside or penetrates
a lovely glade where stately white oaks
cast their refreshing shadows, or plunges
into a watery glen where naiads might
sport in the still night hours. It finally
emerges in a charming grove of stately
white oaks and tall pines, with a level
grassy sward, some five acres in ex
tent, climbs a low ridge, heavily
wooded, and plunges into whut is
known as the "Sink." This Sink has
been a fruitful cause of disappointment to
many strangers. It lies just below the |
lake, and may at some remote period have
been connected with it, for it is apparently
the bed of an ancient lake, and is a fine
sheet of water in flood season, but dries
with a stiff mud bottom and a single,
small starveling pool of water in the sum
mer season. The traveler is often dis
posed to consider it the end of his quest,
and decides that the lake he has come so
far to see has all dried up. People have
been known to camp here for days before
discovering their mistake, for there is no
suggestion in the visible landscape of the
delightful surprise that lies beyond. The
wise, however, press on, peneirate a nar
row defile evidently channeled by the
water's flow, and, slowly ascending, come
at length upon one of the prettiest sights
that the country holds. Here is the lake,
an expanse of thirty-seven acres, mirror
ing the blue sky, and the steep mountains .
that rise above it on every side. A fringe
of tules surround it and a noble growth of
tall pines, sycamores and white oaks en
circle it, the trees growing close to the
water's edge and sometimes advancing
into the shallows. An old cabin made of
shakes split from live oak trees, built more
than twenty years ago, with a clump of
oaks beside it and a nice little clearing
extending behind it, is on the opp site
bank. The lake is about 3000 feet above
the level of the sea, but the peak? which
rise above it appear even higher than
wh<»n seen from the valley below. . The
water has an average depth of sixty
feet.
The ground beside the lake is a favorite
camping ground for summer pleasure
seakers, who spend months at a time boat
ing, swimming, hunting and exploring
the wild and interesting country about it.
Curiously enough, although there are
many indications of the prehistoric tribes
in the mountains close by, there is
nothing in the immediate vicinity of the
lake to indicate that it was ever the site of
aboriginal settlement. This is an extra*
ordinary fact, taking into consideration
the advantages offered by the great body
of water, and can only be accounted for by
the fact that some strange superstition in
vested the spot, a theory which is in part
substantiated by a vague legend which
which has come down to us. The strange
body of water, situated at this remarkable
altitude and in its weird natural basin,
has an air of mystery at twiiight which
might easily provoke superstition and the
awe of the ignorant.
The surrounding formation is igneous
rock. In a little canyon above the lake a
curious natural transformation is taking
place, the water which flows through it
being so charged with lime that the en
tire gulch is being slowly but surely filled
up with the deposit that it leaves. Mar
velous echoes can be called forth from the
surrounding peaks in early morning and
evening and curious fogs rise from the
water's surface on warm nights, taking
fantastic shapes.
The petition, which has gone on to
Washington, asks for the reservation from
settlement of two sections of land sur
rounding and embracine the lake. Upon
this land two squatters are located, but it
has only just been surveyed, and no entries
have yet been filed. While it is the senti
ment of the people that these settlers
should receive some small compensation,
this compensation would bo a slight mat
ter, as lands of this quality in this region
are now taxed for not more than a couple
of dollars an acre, and could with difficulty
be sold for anything at all, while they
yield but a meager return for arduous toil.
Already some of the noblest tree growths
have fallen before the settler's hand, and
a few years ago a former settler burned
over a large extent of woodland in the
vicinity to "provide more pasture."
Should the Federal Government grant
the prayer of the people, the forest growth
in the vicinity of the lake will be zealously
preserved, pleasure-boats will be placed
on the water and every effort be made to
contribute to the comfort and pleasure of
those who seek the spot. It 3 elevation
and the configuration of the hills around
it give the locality a most salubrious
climate, and it is already recognizsd as
one of the best health resorts in Southern
California. Flora Haines Locghead.
The Fate of Captain Dreyfus.
Dreyfus is undergoing his sentence on
the lie du Diable, an arid, desolate rock,
one of a group of three small islands sit
uated . fifteen miles northeast of Cayenne,
in Guiana. The island is about half a
mile long by 300 yards wide, the last exile
there having been Delescluze, the French
communist. I am told that Dreyfus," who
is the only. prisoner on the island, will not
long survive the rigid discipline and terri
ble monotony of his captivity. He is per
mitted to see no one but a prison doctor
from the mainland, and while he is
never for a moment out of sight, by
night or day, of one at least of his
warders, all are expressly forbidden
under pain of imprisonment to converse
with him. Escape is impossible, for Drey
fus is kept under lock and key when not at
exercise pacing up and down a measured
100 yards byword of command. Supplies
are brought daily from the adjacent lie
Royale, where there is "a large convict
establishment, but it is only in very fine
weather that a landing on the lie du
Diable can be effected." To further guard
against escape any boat not flying the
cipher flag is at once fired upon/while a
telephone now connects Dreyfus' place of
exile with the neighboring islands. A
swimmer would stand no earthly chance,
for the sea swarms with sharks. Dreyfus
is much • changed in appearance, and has
grown old and careworn almost beyond
recognition. Mme. Dreyfus still firmly
believes in her husband's innocence, and
the report that she had taken another
name is absolutely unfounded.— Pall Mall
Gazette.
MIDOCEAN ADEPTS
OF THE BLACK ARTS
Wonderful Feats of the
Medicine Men of Kings
Island.
Savage Chiefs Who Cure the
Dying and Resurrect the
Dead.
They Live on a Barren Rock That
Rises Seven Hundred Feet Out
of Turbulent Waters.
"The strangest island in the world,"
said Captain M. J. Heaiy of the United
States steamer Bear last night at the Occi
dental Hotel, "is Kings Island, 2500 miles
northwest of here and 120 miles off the
coast of Siberia.
"It lies almost in the middle of Bering
Straits, almost equidistant from the Asi
atic and American shores. It is inhabitt 1
by 186 of the Queerest people I ever set
eyes upon. The inhabitants comprise
men, women and children of all ages, and
besides these there are numerous dogs of
all degrees except high.
"The island is little more than a rocK
rising out of the storm- tossed waters of
the ever-turbulent straits. It is about a
mile long and half a mile wide and its
sides are so precipitous that they are like
cliffs.
"Almost in the middle of the island and
at the south side is an indentation made
by the rushing waters. This is expanded
into a funnei-like hole, reaching into the
island and out at the top at an angle ap
proximating fifty degrees. The hole is 180
feet deep and during stormy weather the
natives let down a rope and drag up the
seals, walruses and other sea animals
which tbey have taken.
"It is on these animals that tbe natives
subsist. They are very expert in taking
them, as well as great whales, which they
do not fear to attack, and in fact secure as
trophies of their prowess. They hunt all
these animals in their kyaks — boats so
stout and skillfully made that, though they
are often tossed over and over by the surf,
they are never wrecked and are speedily
righted. The boatmen sit with their feet
in holes in the boats, clad in water-tight
walrus skins. These boats will put off
successfully where the ordinary boat
would not live a minute.
"But about the catch of these walruses
and other animals and the strange island.
The natives have scooped out queer re
ceptacles on both sides of the entrance on
the ledge. These are so cool that they are
natural refrigerators, and in these they
stor« the bodies of the animals for future
use. There are about twenty of these re
ceptacles or natural refrigerators, and
there is nearly always a supply of meat in
them, so that the chances of starving at
any time are comparatively scarce.
"On the right side of the island above is
the village of tbe Indians. It is a queer
town, whose miniature houses are made of
walrus skins stretched on light frames. Tbe
ground is so rough that the little skin
abodes are ranged one above the other, like .
houses in a mining camp on a mountain
side. In the distance they look small and
fragile, but they are full of people and
active as beehives.
"From the tossing waves where the Bear
lay the catacomb-like refrigerators and
the village presented a novel appearance.
"The island, although a sort of repub
lic in its government, is ruled by a few
medicine men, each of different degrees of
importance. The medicine men hold their
positions by their remarkable feats of leger
demain. Many people have gone to see
Herrmann, and Blitz also, in his lifetime,
and have wondered at the feats they have
seen them perform. But I undertake to
say that none of these professors of the
black art have performed more marvelous
things than I have seen these barbarian
medicine men do there.
'■For instance I have seen one of these
medicine men take a man and lay him on
a table and take a big knife and stick it
right into him to the handle. The man
would writhe, turn pale, gasp and die.
Then the medicine man would withdraw
the knife, go through a few incantations,
fumble over the victim, and in a moment
he would get up and go about, sound as
ever.
"1 have also seen them pluck out rab
bits, birds and other forms of animal life,
from impossible places. They would do
things before your eyes, that were marvel
ous to us, and to all the natives, for of
course the natives believe implicitly in the
supernatural powers of their medicine
man.
"Bat the strangest thing I saw happened
on board my ship one day. There were
about 100 ot these natives aboard. One of
the natives, a girl, fell down with a hem
orrhage and vomited blood all around.
The blood came from her longs in streams.
She was lying there on the deck as pale
as death, and I thought to myself that she
would die there, so I rushed a man off to
get Dr. Yeamans, the Bear's surgeon.
"Before the doctor could get there the
chief medicine man rushed out, and, going
to the girl, he blew first into one ear and
then into the other, and then tapped her
on the chin, and she got up and»was all
right again, and she began dancing around
on the ship as healthy and active as
though there had never been the least
thing the matter with her. And mark
you, this wasn't two minutes from the
time she had the hemorrhages. I never
saw anything so marvelous in my life.
There was all tbe blood before me on the
ship, too.
"Talk about queer things, where is Herr
mann and civilization alongside of that?
"The tribe of Indians have lived there •
from time immemorial. They have been
born there, and on the island they bury
their dead. The Indians are nomads and
leave the island every summer, with tne
exception of a few nousekeepers, and don't
come back till September. They go to the
mainland on both sides, wandering about
like our American Indians used to do on
tbe prairies, only that theEe live largely in
their kyaks, while they hunt for seals, wal
ruses and whales.
"The strange rock in the sea which it
tho abode of these natives is about thirty
miles from Port Clarence. I relieved them
twice when they had through infortuitous
circumstances been reduced to a point
bordering en starvation.
"I cannot see but that these nat ives on
that rude rock in bleak and distant Bering
Strait are as happy as any people 1 have
ever known. Th«ir children are as joyful
apparently as ours, and in all respects the
people seem to enjoy life as well as we dj
here. Did you ever hear of another people
like them? If I had not seen them I would
tind it hard, to believe they actually ex-THE SNAKE THAT TRUITT SAW AND SOME OTHERS OF THE CALIFORNIA KIND
The Wonderful
Monster That a Healdsburg
Man Once Saw.
rold by Roland K. Iruitt.
"Speaking of snakes makes me recall an In
cident which happened to me twenty-two years
ago, " said Roland K. Truitt, proprietor of the
Healdsburg Opera-house, as he pushed back
his chair in the hotel, where he sat enter
taining a number of traveling men who
wanted stories of the early days in Sonoma
County.
"in those days big rattlers were as plenty as
mosquitoes in the San Joaquin Valley in sum
mer lime, and many a one have I killed with
a stick or a rock.
"I was living on the Big Geyser ranch, and
tin.il pone out to get my stock up. I came along
down the Geyser road, where the narrow road
way passes through Livermore Flat. The road
is narrow enough now, but in those days the
man who could pilot a four-in-hand around
the dips, spurs and angles was looked upon as
being more than an ordinary mortal.
"Tom Crawford bandied the ribbons over
the stage horses, and as I walked up a little
hill I saw the stage ahead of me. The vehicle
was standing in the road, loaded to its full
limit, but the horses— they were plunging
around, and I expected every minute to see
that stageload of human freight dashed to
eternity over the bluff.
''I soon reached the scene of confusion and
learned what was up. The sight made my
hair stand on end, and I'll tell you, boys, I got
in that staee quicker than I can tell it.
"Thirty or forty feet ahead of us, stretched
across the road, was a rattler of immense pro
portions. It must have been fully eight feet
in length, but this I cannot vouch for as we
did not measure it. But it was as large around
as a stove-pipe, its head resembling that of an
immense pug-dog, and its rattles were as large
ac a tea-cup.
"Tom Crawford used all the power he could
command to make those horses advance, but
not a step would the animals take toward the
snake. They plunged, reared and trembled by
turns, and while every passenger in the coach
expected to go over the grade to certain death,
they sat there rather than risk the other fate.
'•How long we were in this position I can
not say. It seemed like an age, but pretty
soon the big snake pulled himself off our path
way, and in a few moments we were rolling
along toward the springs. I've seen my share
of big snakes, and killed 'em, too, but I'll tell
you, boys, as sure as my name is Truitt, that
snake wou'.d m:-.ke a half-dozen of the largest
I have since seen in these mountains."
A Grass Valley
Reptile That Was Scared
by a Soft Drink.
The Experience of Fred Campbell.
Fred Campbell of Grass Valley was driving a
delivery-wagon for ft soda-water firm, and had
to make frequent trips to the smaller towns
throughout the country. He was driving with
a companion along the road leading to
Smartsville, and when nearMooney Flat they
heard a rustling among the dry leaves, aud
thought to see a hare or some other wild game
make an appearance. But the game was
larger than expected and of a different nature
than looked for.
A huge snake with large green eyes, and
whose fangs shot in and out of an enormous
mouth, came right on them, and to make
matters more serious, their horses 6topped,
trembling with fear.
Neither Campbell nor his companion was
armed, and Campbell sat as still as if charmed
by the monster. But this sitting still was not
helping matters, and on the spur of a moment
an idea struck Campbell.
He took one of the large siphon bottles of
carbonic water and shot a swift stream of the
water in one of the monster's eyes and then in
the other, the snake's head being up to the
height of the wagon seat and only about two
feet away. Campbell says It was a striking
scene to see his snakeship lower his head to
the ground and lash his tail around in the
dust, but it was only for a moment, as he
again made an attempt to attack Campbell, and
a repetition of the same dose was enough for
the snake this time and he went squirming
and twisting away.
Campbell says it took half a minute for the
monster to pass a given point. Being placed in
such an exciting and dangerous position one
is surprised he did not give the snake even a
greater length.
After beating a retreat Campbell says the
serpent plunged into the Yuba River and swam
away down the stream. Several of our reput
able citizens have seen such a serpent as
Campbell describes at different times near the
same neighborhood, and further up the Yuba
River, near French Corral and Milton, snakes
of enormous size have been seen and th 3 in
habitants have" many stories to tell of the
gigantic Yuba River serpents.
A San Diego
Crotalus Horridus and a Boy
on a Bicycle.
Told by Ira C. Bennett.
A big, fat rattlesnake was lying on a sandy
stretch of road near Thirty-second street in
San Diego the other day, exploiting his lazi
ness by stretching at full length and burying
his nose and tail in the hot sand. He was a
typical specimen of the crotalus horridus, with
the wide, flat head, wicked eye and mottled
snout that have given to his species the reputa
tion of being the most horrible living thing.
His looks did not seem to bother him, how
ever, and all he asked was to be left alone.
On the same day and on the same sandy
stretch of road a boy was loafing along on a
bicycle. His name was Ray .Stockweil, and his
wheel was a light mciug special. The day was
mighty hot.
He wistfully looked ahead across the
patch of sand to the Thirty-second street
hill, and thought of the delight it would be
wheu he reached there, to elevate his legs and
sail like a bird to the lower levels.
Chceren by this prospect young Stockweil
hurried his pace, when he suddenly arched
his back like a cat ami glued his eyes on some
thing ahead of him in the road. He tried to
lift his feet from the pedals, but
"Br-r-r-r-r-r!" "Ting-u-hng!" "Wow!"
Boy, wheel and snake became instantly en
tcngled in an indescribable confusion. The
snake was half coiled when the wheel hit him.
He dodged his head to avoid it, striking at the
name time with all his force, but the wheel
was on his folds and his aim fell short. That
was when the boy yelled "wow I"
From that time on there was energy enough
wasted' by the trio to start a boom in a grave
yard. The boy rapidly accumulated goose
flesh. The wheel wobbled and shot ,» for
ward. i
The snake lashed himself to a fury. He tried
to ascend and bury a fang in the boy's leg, and
in doing so wove himself in ; the spokes.*,; Zip!
zip! ho went, as the wheel revolved. His tail
was free, and at every revolution it was flipped
against the calf of the '.boy's leg like a whip
snapper. 1 '
In this fashion the outfit reached the bottom
of the ■.ill. As the pace slackened the boy gave
a leap and untangled himself from the mass.
He fell by the roads ide and prepared to bloat.
The wheel and snake wriggled a yard or two
further.
After lying in a stupor of fear for a few mo
ments the boy cautiously looked for his
wounds, to see how much longer he had to
live. : When his legs were bared he found the
skin whole, and with a new hope he arose. He
found the snake lying among the twisted
spokes, its tail as smooth as a rat's. The vio
lent flipping had shaken off all the rattles and
the snake had shuffled off his mortal coiL
__:—: — » - ;
The Prize for
Length and Size Belongs
to Antioch.
Vouched for by J. P. Abbott.
About a year since a very large snake was
said to have been seen in the hills back of the
town of Martinez. We have no thrilling story
to relate, but only desire to record the fact
; that T. O. Carter and Daniel Cleaves, residents
ol Antioch, and gentlemen well known in this
county, while riding horseback in the Diablo
hills near Round Valley, recently, were made
I to realize that something unusual lay in the
path they were pursuing by the peculiar action
of their steeds, which suddenly refused to go
forward and nearly unseated their riders.
> A moment's investigation of the came re
vealed to them the fact that a monster snake
lay in a semi-dormant state a few ieet
> ahead of them. Scarcely believing their eyes
did not deceive them, Carter, who had a shot
gun, emptied the contents of both barrels,
aiming at the head of the serpent, which
straightened itself in the throes of death;
when assured that life was extinct Cleaves
measured the snake with a carpenter's rule
and found its length to be thirty-one feet. The
body was from three to four inches in diame
ter. The snake was of a greenish color and
had apparently just shed its winter coat. The
< fact that so lar^e a member of the snake spe
cies sho uld exist in our county seems almost
incredible, yet Messrs. Carter and Cleaves
both vouch for the accuracy of the measure
ment and assure us the length above given is
without exaggeration.
Caught in a
Nest of Sheet Iron Mountain
Rattlesnakes.
Upon the Veracity of Cinnamon Bill.
Several years ago a trio of well-known men
who reside at Willows— John Dickson, George
silvey and John Williams — set out for a season
of recreation in the Coast Range mountains.
Sheet Iron Mountain was the rendezvous
chosen, about fifty miles east of Willows.
On the second day after camp was struck
John Dickson killed three fine Pacific bucks
Dot far from camp, and while dressing tbem
he beard a vigorous yell from one of his asso
ciates higher up the mountain.
He paid little attention at first, but as the
gelling became more frequent and louder, and
ivas accompanied by several rifle shots, Dick
>on feared a grizzly bear had attacked one of
tiis companions, and started post-haste up the
mountain through the timber and over slip
pery pine leaves until the'large cliff of craguy
rocks was reached from which issued the yells
of his comrade.
"What's the matter?" cried Dickson, as he
stopped to hear the answer.
"Come up here, quick!" exclaimed Williams.
"I am surrounded by rattlesnakes, and I am
afraid to move for fear some of them will bite
me."
By this time Silvey appeared upon the scene,
and together with Dickson ascended the rock
pile very quickly and cautiously, for the cliff
seemed fairly under a tremor from the inces
sant jingling of rattles. Once on the scene the
work of slaughter began, and after an hour's
work with sticks und guns fifty-six large and
small rattlesnakes were killed, and the poison
ous odor arising from these snakes made Mr.
Dickson very sick after the excitement had
died away. He was escorted to camp and
given several draughts of liquor, which seemed
to kill the poison after a few hours' rest.
How a Snake
And a Man and a Scorpion
Slept Together.
Told by Charles Schmidt.
"Talking about snakes," said Charles Schmidt,
an Oakland painter, the other day, "reminds
me that I had a little experience with some
reptiles once that I shall never forget.
"I had been building a cottage for myself and
before placing the doors and windows I began
to use it as a sleeping apartment. I spread my
blankets on the floor, where they remtdned for
several days without being disturbed. One
morning I arose and all over my person were
larse red spots. I attributed it to mosquitoes,
and paid little attention to it. On the second
mornii>g my body was in the same condition,
and also on the third morning. I finally be
came alarmed and began to investigate. Toss
ing back the corner I quickly ascertained the
cause of my trouble. There on the corner of
the bed, carefully coiled, lay a large three-foot
snake— not a rattlesnake, and probably not
venomous, but it is enough to say it was a
cold, clammy snake, certainly a very disagree
ble bedfellow— but hold on! Inside the coil of
that snake lay a large six-inch scorpion of the
most venomous type. They made no effort to
escape and appeared perfectly contented in
their new home."
Battle With
Rattlesnakes in an Arizona
Prairie Dog Village.
As Told hy Joseph Allen.
N. W. Moore, the genial landlord of the
Hull House, at Tulare, has had some ex
periences with snakes which are startling and
thrilling. He crossed the plains to California
in the fall of 1869, and in those days the
snakes, owls and prairie dogs owned their own
homes. In some places in New Mexico and
Arizona the snakes were so thick that It was
necessary to have a man go ahead of the train
to clear the way and keep the rattlers from
striking the cattle.
One day while in Arizona, near the present
site of Tucson, a young man by the name of
Tom Wright, a member of Mr. Moore's party,
struck out ahead of the train, and almost be
fore he knew it he was in the very midst of a
prairie-dog village. The village contained
something like five or six acre 3 and was
densely populated, not alone with dogs but
hundreds of owls and rattlesnakes. On look
ing up, Moore and his party saw Tpm shooting
right and left and jumping about from side to
side as though bewitched, at the same time
calling loudly for help. Moore and two others,
grasping spades and clubs, made their way to
where young Wright was battling. They were
compelled to virtually cut their way througn.
To gel to Wright it was necessary to kill
twenty-two rattlers before they could reach
him. There were hundreds of them on all
sides, and not until they came to the outer
efl?e of the prairie-dog village did they suc
ceed in getting.away from the snakes. Wright
was so overcome witti the fright and excite
ment that he fainted away aud was very ill tor
60m; days after.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
A Night of
Horror With Three Rattle
snakes in Camp.
Told by Joe Lane ot Lodi.
"If there's one thing morc'n another that
I'm afraid of it's snakes," said Joe Lane at
Lodi the other day as he whittled vigorously.
"Once when I was going down to Tulare
along with White I had a mighty narrow
shave. We camped one night in the hiils, and
slept in the blankets under the wagon. Along
in the morning I wakened suddenly at the end
of a long nightmare. I rose up all of a sud
den and hit my head on the reachpole, which
wakened me thoroughly. But I wish't I'd
stayed asleep. Right there at my feet was the
biggest snake I ever saw, and he was a-shakiu'
his head like perdition and looking at me
square in the eye. His eyes looked like specks
of fire, and when he rattled his tail my hair
just rose up straight, and I shook so my teeth
rattled as if they were loose.
"I laid my head down easy and tried to get
it under the blanket, but White had it wrapped
all around him, so I just shut my eyes.
"Then I heerd another awful rattle behind
and a lot of hissing and more rattling:. I
'spected my time had come, but the big fellow
in front of me came a-scooting right over me
like lightning— right across my lace— feeling
like electricity. Lord! but I was scared. I
couldn't have moved for a million dollars.
Then the shaking started again and I was all
of a cold sweat and feeling mighty sick.
"Those snakes were having a fight. They
were hissing and rattling around as if there
were a dozen of them. I was going to wake
White and try to climb into the wagon, when
I felt somethin' drop like a piece of rope on
my legs. Then it rat tied— more snakes! I was
almost scared into jumping up, but I knew he
would nail me if I did, so I had to lay there
and try to think of a prayer and tremble and
feel hot and cold shivers running through me.
'•This big one crawled up toward my head
slow like, seeming like a year, and then I had
to look up and see his shinin' eyes just above
my face. I can't begin to tell you how I felt,
but I was the worst scared man in America.
He didn't pay any attention to the fight, but
kinder drew himself up, and after a few rat
tles he snuggled down between White and me
and went to sleep.
"I lay quiet a long time and he didn't move.
The fight had quit and I edged off easy, think
ing he'd nail me, till I got out from under the
wagon. Then I jumped up, mighty quick, into
the rig and got out th>± shotgun. I got down in
good position an' poked the rattler with the
long whip, and he rose up and I gave it to him.
Blowed his head off slick and clean, but scared
White most inter fits.
"No, I ain't got any use for any kind ol
snakes."
The Kind They
Have Up at Cash Creek in
Yolo County.
Aa told by ex-Senator Sprague.
I have always been an enthusiastic lover of
the rifle, said ex-Senator Sprague at Sacra
mento the other day, and during my hunting
trips through the mountains have had nurner-
ucounters with rattlesnakes, some of
which were simply hair-lifting, and I think I
can safely lay claim to having killed the
largest rattler ever seen in this portion of the
State.
It was on the headwaters of Cash Creek, in
Yolo County; my brother and I were returning
to camp after an unsuccessful trip for deer,
and discovered the snake, curled up in a recess
among the bowlders that littered the canyon
we were passing through.
As it was impossible to get a shot at the
snake, owing to its sheltered position, I pro
cured a poie and stirred It up. After rattling
angrily for a few seconds, it came out ana
threw itself into the creek, swimming handily
with its head and some six inches of it.: body
out of the water. We shot the snake, fished it
out of the creek, and found that it weighed
24 lbs. and had 19 rattles, several having evi
dently been broken off.
Another occurrence is seemingly impossible
of belief, yet I can vouch for the truth of the
story. Once while hunting in the sink of Cash
Creek my attention was drawn to the peculiar
actions of a ground squirrel. I watched it a
minute and then shot it. Hurrying to the
spot I nearly stepped upon a large rattlesnake
which bad evidently been engaged in charm
ing the animal.
The snake turned at my approach and
escaped down a squirrel hole. The thought
struck me that possibly I could attract the
snake out of the bole by means of its intended
prey, so I cut the squirrel open with my hunt
ing knife, put a rough stone in its interior to
give it weight, took a piece of twine and tied
it around the body of the squirrel to retain the
rock, attached it to the dried limb of a tree
anil inserted it in the hole.
The squirrel slipped out of sight, and shortly
afterward when I attempted to withdraw
it, I found that my scheme had been success
ful.
The resistance of the snake was simply won
derful, and I had to exert considerable strength
to pull the reptile out. When it came it was
with a jerk, and to prevent it from striking me
in the face I threw it over my head. The cud
of the limb snapped, and the snake flew
through the air and lodged in a thicket of
buckthorn brush, which it was impossible for
me to penetrate, and so the snake escaped.
The following summer while hunting in the
same vicinity I shot a large rattler, and no
ticiDg a peculiar swelling in the body I cut it
open and found in the interior the same rock
I had placed in the body of the squirrel, which
I identified hy a thread of quartz running
through it, the only difference being that all
the sharp angles were worn away, the stone
being perfectly smooth probably from the
effects of food digestion during the year.
The Tale of
An Educator and a Big
Rattlesnake.
As Told by J. R. Watson.
Professor C. F. Smyth, ttie well-known edu
cator of Hoilister and formerly of San Rafael,
was Superintendent of Schools a num
ber of years ago. There are few men in
the State that wear a bigger hat than his. In
those days he was notoriously reckless with
his headgear, and it was not unusual for him
to misplace it.
He once visited a newly established school
district several miles west of Guerneville.
The school was being temporarily conducted
in a dilapidated old cabin, in which for several
years the snakes, owls and other renegade
children of Dame Nature had held high carni
val. It was but natural that these creatures
should resent the intrusion of the school.
As Professor Smyth entered the tempoiary
temple of learning he shied his hat at a peg,
but the head-protector sailed wide from the
mark and landed in a rock pile. Then the
educator marched inside, where he frightened
a poor schoolmarm out of her wits at the sight
of his august presence, and several small boys
lost a year's growth from the same cause.
When the distinguished guest was about to
depart, upon reaching for his dusty sombrero
he found another who could fill a No. 8 hat as
well as he. A rattlesnake had crawled into
the hat, and altnough he economized every
inch of space he filled it to tho very brim.
Then followed a single-handed contest lor
the possession of the hat. The battle was vig
orous and decisive. Professor Smyth was com
pletely victorious, recovering his stolen prop
erty and winning the admiration of his youth
ful- spectators. The -snake lost his life and his
rattles, but this modern St. George did not
even lose his temper.
A Snake and
A Plucky Tomcat Play at
Hypnotism.
Witnessed by J. R. Watson.
The rattlesnake does not inspire the terror
here that he does la other localities. Several
years ago J. R. Watsou of Guerneville was
cleaning out a sprin? on the Old Cabin Home
ranch. He was accompanied by a large tom
cat that followed his master like a dog.
The cat was making what explorations he
could in the neighborhood of a woodrat's nest
when his master heard him speaking very
earnestly In low, well-modulated tones, very
different from the furious eloquence the mem
bers of his class employ when they stand on
the roof at midnight On this occasion
'"Tom's" remarks were so dignified that one
might readily believe he was lecturing a class
of young kittens in the deepest mysteries of
feline philosophy.
Mr. Watson tiptoed his way to the scene of
activities, where he discovered a good-sized
rattlesnake done up in a neat coil and
his head elevated about eight inches from the
ground.
The cat was reared back on his haunches
like, a grizzley, and as he kept up his con
tinuous "Mow, m-o-o-w, me-o-o-w," he gently
boxed the rattlesnake's jaws first one side and
then the other, and all the while each was en
deavoring to stare the other out of counte
nance. The snake seemed to be taking the
insult without any idea of resentment, but
upon the approach of the intruder the ophidian
vainly attempted to escape.
The Bullsnake
That Tried to Strangle a
Tipton Man.
The Experience of Tom Finnerty.
Tom Finnerty, whose father is a well-known
and respected foreman for the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, and'whose home is at Tip
ton, Tulare County, had an experience some
years a«o with a large bullsnake which
gives him an unpleasant sensation every time
his attention is called to thf snake family. He
was at that time working on a large ranch near
Tipton and, like most California ranchhands,
made his bed in the nayrnow.
One night he was awakened suddenly with
a choklngv sensation. For the moment lie
could not tell what the trouble was, when put
ting his hand to his throat he realized that he
was being slowly choked by a large bullsnake.
The snake had coiled himself twice around
his neck and was doing his best to strangle
Tom. ll ad it not been for the assistance of nil
companions he might never have lived to tell
the story. It took the united strength ot two
men to release Tom from his.uncanny position.
The shock und fright made such an imi.rcs
sion upon his mind that it was weeks before
he fully recovered his strength.
A Snake That
Looks Like a String of
Sausages.
Rel alert by Will Sparks.
Old "Bill" Brown, who lives near the mouth
of San Joaquin River Canyon, in Fresno
County, is an authority on snakes. He is also
in the habit of coming to town daily.
A few nights ago he was sitting close to the |
scales in the grocery when somebody men
tioned the fact that a snake with two tails had
jr.st been caught near Squaw Valley. Bill bit
off an extra piece of plug, spat at a blue poker
chip lying on the floor and said: "They ain't
none o' you fellers never seen thet sausage
snake that b'longs to my little boy Tom. No?
Well, you bad better come up and have a look
at it."
The boys drew their chairs up close and Bill
continued: "You see, this snake alles wuz a
pet. Tom kot it when it wuz a little hit of a
common garter-snake, and as it kinder liked
to be around the place I never said nuthin. It
grew to be a good size and wuz as playful as a
kitten.
"One day, about four months ago, the snake
disappeared, aud Tom nearly broke his heart
crying for it. I tol' him it ud be back soon;
that it wuz most likely 'settin'.' An' sure
'nough it fiid come back, but it wuz a changed
snnke. It looked fur all the world like a string
o' sausages, an' the strangest thing v.uz thet
when it come prancing into the house, waggin'
its trtil ferjoy, it made a sweet musical sound,
like a piece of ice rattliu' in a glass o' mint
ju.ip.
'•Tom an' me both examined the snake and
found it wuz jes covered with hard, round
lumps. But they didn't seem to hurt it none,
so we let it run around in the same ol' way.
l-'rum thet day it became as affectionate as a
child, and used ter amuse us by jumping
around on the kitchen floor, all the time givin*
off the sweet musical sound. In a few weeks
Tom taught it to play a few tur.es, an' me 'n'
the ol' woman used ter dance like we did back
in Illernois."
"But, Bill,"' said the grocer, "what was it
caused the change in the snake's appear
ance?"
"I wuz jus' comin' to thet," said Bill. "You
see, one day I needed a few chlner nest eegs,
an' \v>nt to a box in the kitchen where I knew
I had a dozen, but there wuz none there. All
of a sudden it struck me thet thet make o'
Tom's hed swallered them. I looked around
fer tIM critter, en' seen it scootin' acrost the
fields fer the river. I tell yer I wuz mad. I
kot the snake by the tail, an' put my hand
aroun' its waist an' pulled her through.
All my chiner nest eggs fell out on the
ground.
"I wuz sorry fer what I did, though," said
Bill, after a solemn pause. "You see, it near
broke thet snake's heart. The critter lollered
me to the house an' seen me put the eggs on a
high shelf. Then it stood lookin' at 'em full o'
sorrer. Somehow I b'lieve thet snake must or
got some nourishment out o' them chiner eggs
fer it got thinner an' thinner every day until
it wuz no bigger aroun' then a telegraph wire.
All day lonjj it looked up at the shelf where
the eggs wuz, an' lota o' times I seen tears in
its eyes.
"I tell you we missed thet snake's music an'
dancin', an' at last couldn't stafi' it no more,
so me an' the ol' woman decided to give the
eggs back to it. Here's where the snake
sliawed sense. I couldn't see no difference iD
them eegs, but thet snake selected them es if
they wuz gold, an' got each one back in the
right place, so thet it looked as much like a
sausage es it did before
"How's the snake doin* now? Oh, she's all
right— happy as a lark, playin* music an'
dancin' all day, an' Tom tol' me this mornin'
thet she hed three young ones thet looked jes
like her an' could make the same kind er
music. Better come up an' look at 'em."
Santa Clara
County Has a Fire-Emitting
Crotalus Wandelli.
The Property of Jake Wandcll.
Surmounted by the greatest telescope in the
world, the snakes reported in the vicinity of
Mount Hamilton are proportionately large.
Visitors to the obßervatory are not more inter
ested in the great glass than they are in the
stories spun of Jake Wandell's snake. Wan
dell conducts a roadhouse on the Mount Ham
ilton road, just beyond the observatory reser
vation, and here the story is told the wonder
ing traveler.
The snake was first seen about five years ago
by Wandell, and since then its appearance has
been reported from- time to time. It has been
shot at by hunters, cut by woodchoppers,
chased by men and dogs, but it seems proof to
man's attacks and still exists.
It is the bugaboo of this section, and the
mention of Wandell's snake will throw the
most unruly child into paroxysms of fear. No
one knows where the snake came from, but
Wandell ran across the reptile one evening
about dusk while driving home from San Jose.
As he neared his home his team stood still,
and, trembling with fear, refused to be urged
on. Hearing a loud hissing he dismounted
and went on ahead to see what the trouble
was.
Around a turn, coiled in the center of
the road, was an immense snake, which, ac
cording to Wandell, emitted vari-colored gases
from its mouth that rivaled a pyrotechnic dis
play on the Fourth of July. He was riveted to
tho spot with fear for several minutes, at the
termination of which the reptile wound up his
display of fireworks with a rattle that shook
tbe hills and then disappeared. Wandell esti
mated the length of the snake at thirty feet,
with fiery eyes as large as silver dollars. He
claimed it was six inches in diameter, and
spotted red and*" brown like a Gila monster.
Shortly after it was seen by a party of hunters
near the same place, and their description of
it, minus the fireworks and ten feet in length,
tallied with Wandell's.
It is seen at regular intervals, always in the
same locality; its length is always from ten to
thirty feet, and Its colors are none the less
bright from wear and tear. The disappearance
of sheep and calves and the uprooting of trees
by heavy winds have all been laid to Wandell's
snake. Its last appearance was a few months
ago. At that time some woodchoppers, in fell
ing a hollow tree, nearly severed his snakeship
in two. As the ax sank through the hulk a
stream of blood spurted out. This was fol
lowed by a rattle that resembled a thunder
storm. The men retired to a safe distance to
watch proceedings. They were soon rewarded
by seeing Waiulell's snake emerge from the
tree and dash off with the speed of a railroad
train, leaving a trail of blood.
Such are the stories told of the Mount Hamil
ton snake.
Colusa County
Snake Stories That Need
No Affidavits.
By Editor Will S. Green.
As the oldest inhabitant of Colusa County I
am requested to contribute the snake litera
ture of the county. This region of the country
was never noted for snakes, and except the
blowlue up of a den of rattlesnakes at a place
called Stone Corral, where there were said to
be hundreds if not thousands of the reptiles, I
never heard a "snake story," or saw more than
a dozen snakes at a time until the winter they
were building the narrow-gauge railroad across
what is known as the "trough," west from
Colusa, to the Northern Railway. The river
course is on a ridge for twenty-rive miles above
Colusa, and any overflow runs out to the west
for two or three miles and is met by the creeks
from the foothills. An overflowed space of
about two miles is called the "trough." The
grade had been made across this trough when
there came a very high water which over
flowed this space.
This was followed by a neavy north wind
that blew everything down for the full length
of the twenty and odd miles against this grade.
The ties had just been distributed— 2sGo to
the mile — and when I walked along out the
grade the snakes that had blown down among
the ties, and had mostly crawled out on them,
outnumbered the ties. The Sun published
this story and its exchanges asked what kind
of whisky was used iv that office. I undertook
once to tell now many snukes were on that
grade, but I will let the reader maio tne calcu
lation for himself. There were no poisonous
snakes in the lot, b:u there were many kinds I
hud never seen before, They were ground
snakes that perhaps lived on gophers, mice,
birds, bugs, etc., they found in that country.
Talking of whisky in connection with this
story brings to miud what J. D. Adams, a
sporting man of Maxwell, said of these snakes.
There had been races in Colusa and Jo had
been in attending them and was in the habit
of "smiling" as often as the next man. The
stage road ran along this grade and Jo was in
the stage with one other man going home. He
looked and saw all those snakes and rubbed his
eyes and asked himself, "Have I got 'em?"
He said he had never been as uncomfortable
in his life until his companion exclaimed,
"Jo, just look at them snakes!"
."Snakes!" said Jo. "I don't see Rny snakes.
You stayed at tho races too long, young man."
The Mariposa
Brand of Rattlesnake
Narrative.
Belated by William Curtis.
"It was back in '60," said old Daddy Curtis,
"that Corny Gallagher came to the Horseshoe
Bend diggings."
William Curtis, who is always affectionately .
addressed as "'Daddy," is now in his eightieth \
year, And still lives at tne Horseshoe Bend on y
the Merced River, about lour miles from Coul- {
Urville. He was the pioneer settler there and
is invariaoly veracious in his reminiscences.
"Gold was plenty them times," resumed
Daddy, "an' Corny, who was worKin' a lone
hand, was tight in it. He had a cabin down by
the river among some rocks at the lower end
of the Bend. By gosh, that was the place for
snakes, if you like. Coruy never seemed to
take no notice of them, and they used to lay
en the rocks around his cabin just like old tin
cans or bottles, glistenin* in the sun. They
was that fat an' lazy they would not get out of
your way, an' Corny wouldn't let any one in
terfere with them.
"There was one young rattler that was dead
stuck on Corny. It would follow him about
like a dog, and C6rny cut a hole for it to go
in an' out of the cabin, where it would coil up
on a particular part of the earth floor an' rattle
like blue blazes if a stranger came near it.
Corny was supposed to keep his gold under
that spot, an' lie must bare bad a good bit o*
dust.
"At nights Corny used to sit on an old nail
keg an' play Irish tunes on a tin whistle. By
Jimini! It was just wonderful to see the way
that blessed rattler used to s,wing its head
backward and forward a-listeuin', and when
the music got lively beatin' the best o' time
with his rattles.
"Corny was a quiet, decent man unless when
be loaded up on brandy, and then he would
j
raise Cain for weeks. It came time for one o
his jamborees and he : started j for San Fran
cisco. He just locked up his cabin and put a
notice on the door:
: beware: there is a rattlei
looße inside.
"Corny got as far as a wayside saloon on the
San Joaquin when tne great flood of '62
stopped him. For boozin' purposes the San
Joaquin 'deadfall' wasekatlyas good as San
Fraucisco and Corny started right in. He
whooped it up good and lively fora time.butthe
quality of the licker began to tell on his ner
vous system an' he had some pretty bad turns
of the horrors, or 'delicious tremblin's' as the
doctors call them. Anyways his frieuds wanted
him to go home, but he wouldn't. He used to
wander around by the flood waters between
drinks, and folks allowed that he was plum*
locoed.
"One evenin' he was settin' by the water's
edge a-tootin' on his tin whistle and watchin'
the oid cabins, an' dead horses, an' cattle, an 1
pigs sailin' down stream, when be recognized
his own shanty cavortin' along. The rattler,
laithful to the last, was settin' on the roof, and
when the poor beast saw Corny it rattled like
mad on the shingles till it saw he recognized
it. Then it jumped into the water and swam
ashore to him.
"Two or three jolts out of Corny's bottle
soon made the rattler good and lively, an*
Corny took it back with him to the hotel.
There he introjuiced it to all the boys, who
were considerable skeart, not believin' in the
peaceableness of the reptile.
"CDrny was that pleased to see his favorite
again that he got terrible full that night, an
as th? poor rattler was unused to the place
an' could not wake him for information it got
wanderin' around in the dark and was killed
by some fool.
"Anyways the klllin' of his pet sobered up
Corny, an' he was never the same man after
ward. The sight of a snake or a sudden rattle
near him in the brush would break him all
up for days.
When the Horseshoe Bend worked out
be left for the ould counthry, for he said
he could never see a snake but it reminded
him of his lost raitler, ami that there were no
snakes in Ireland."
The Snake That
Tried to Swallow a Paper
Tobacco- Box.
Belated by Dr. Rider Powell.
Dr. Rider Powell, who has lived on the side
of Mount Hamilton for thirty years, has a pa
per tobacco-box which is a perfect image of a
frog. A few evenings since he told the follow
ing story to a crowd that was sitting in front
of Charley Rhine's store at Clayton :
"One day," said the doctor, "when I waa
working on the side of the mountain I had
filled my pipe and laid the box down on a
rock while I struck a light and forgot to pick
the box up.
•'I went on with my work until my attention
was drawn to a commotion in the crass and I
saw a snake — a big blue racer with head up
and eyes blazing — cautiously crawling up
toward the box, with the evident intention of
either getting a chew of tobacco or swallowing
what it supposed was a live frog. Finally,
after much circumlocution, the snake got
within what it considered tho proper distance
for business, and suddenly darting out its
head made a grab at the frog. He struck some
thing much harder than he expected.
"The snake drew its head up and watched the
box for several minutes and finally concluded
to try it again. It crawled slowly and care
fully toward the box until within three or four
feet, and then around it several times, as
though inspecting it on all sides. After a time,,
apparently satisfied that there was a good,
meal for it there.it slowly got Into position
and let drive again. The force of the blow
opened the box and the tobacco flew in every'
direction as the box went sailing through the
air. The snake must have got its mouih or its
eyes full, for it seemed perfectly satisfied.,
With a hiss it crawled rapidly off through that
grass."
A Bullsnake
That Fanned the Flies From
a Visalia Man.
Told by C. T. Buckman.
"About five years ago," said C. T. Buckman^
a well-known resident of Visalia, "while I wasi
spending a summer in the mountains north
east of Visalia, I captured a large bullsnake.
"Being alone in the mountains and having,
lots of spare time on my handsel was able to
teach Slippery Dick— the name I had given my
strange pet— many tricks. I taught him to
come at call, to coil up, to dance, and many,
other tricks. He would coil up on the table,
his head in the center of the coil, elevated about
six inches in the air, I would place the handle
of a small fan in his mouth and then Dick,
would gently wave the fan to and fro, and thus
keep the flies and insects away from my faco>
when he slept.
"He was as good as a cat to keep the house
free from mice. I often saw him bring in ten
or twelve in a day. His fondness for mice was
his ruin. It happened this way: One day I
missed Dick, and though I hunted and called
all day, I could not find any trace of my pet.
One day, about a week after his disappearance,
having occasion to explore the loft of the
cabin in which I was residing, I came across
the remains of my old friend. Apparently ha
had been more than ordinarily mouse hungry,
and in his haste to satiate his appetite had
swallowed a live mouse, and the mousa had
done the rest. Poor Dick! lean imagine his
surprise at the strange commotion on his in
side, but it was a case of reward for gluttony.
Mo doubt he repented when it was too late. 1 *
The Fang of
A Rattlesnake in the Leg
of a New Boot.
A Reminiscence of George W. Shaw.
Back in the early sixties, when river gravel
mining was extensively followed, George W.
Shaw was proprietor of the Mountain Cottage,
a hotel, situated in Butte County, twenty-five
mHes from Oroville, where ot a Sunday the
miners from the Middle Fork mines used to
congregate.
After one of these Sunday "congregations"
three men left the hotel on Monday morning
to return to their wofk in the claim owned by
Jake Powell, on the middle fork of Feather
River. Now, cue ot trie men nadon a new pair
of boots, purchased from WyattErton, the store
keeper, and he began to complain of a sore
ankle, which was attributed to the chafing of
the boot. After suffering the most agoniz
ing pains for several hours, he died. The
cause of his death was a mystery.
A few days after one of his companions ap
propriated the new boots to his own use, and
in a few hours he likewise became afflicted
with such pains as none could relieve. Igno
rant of the cause, he was allowed to follow his
friend to an early grave.
The apparent fact that both had died from
poison administered by that one boot led to an
investigation which solved the problem, for in
the leather of the boot, just above the counter
was found the fang of a rattlesnake.
1920
OVER HILLS AND
IN QUIET DELLS
Society Flocking to the
Various Summer
Resorts.
Fishing, Tennis and the Fete
Champetre All Flour
ishing.
All Resorts, th- M untains and the
Seaside, Equally in Favor
This Season.
Slowly but surely the summer exodus
has bejun, and it will not be long now be
fore the streets will take on that desolate
appearauce which so plainly tells of coun
try delights and city dreariness. In all
the fashionable homes the furniture is
being shrouded in ungainly linen cover
ings. The brown hollands are ready to
supplant the pretty soft, fleecy or heavily
worked — as the case may be — lace cur
tains, and everything looks unsettled and
rather uncomfortable.
Unlike preceding years, no special resort
seems to be favored. All are equailv
fashionable, and it has come to be
the thing to divide the tour between the
mountains and the seaside. Those who
are spending the early part of the summer
in the south have arranged later to come
north, and vice versa.
Those who have country homes are
preparing to entertain lavishly, and the Eng
lish custom of house parties will generally
prevail.
The closing of the schools, which occurs
later than usual this year, has retarded the de
parture of many, but the tendency will only
be to prolong the season. Below will be found
a resume of the movements of our society peo
ple:
Mr. and Mrs. Winthrop E. Lester and Mr. and
Mrs. Waiter S. Hobart have arranged to spend
part of the season at the Arcadia, Santa
Monica.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Sloss and family have
moved over to San Rafael, where they will spend
the summer. Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Lilienthal
will be their guests.
Miss Crockett aud Miss Boss are registered at
the Holland House, New York City.
Dr. and Mrs. Washington Dodge are visiting
at Catalina Island.
Captain and Mrs. Payson w-ill spend part of
the summer at Del Monte.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury is visiting at Placer
ville.
Mrs. Holt is visiting friends at Stockton.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Alston Williams will be at
San Mateo and Santa Cruz during the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Mills and Miss Delia
Mills have arranged to spend the season at
San Mateo.
Mr. aud Mrs. William S. Irwin returned to
Honolulu on Saturday last after a brief visit
here. During their stay they were delightfully
entertained, and were the guests of honor at
an elaborate dinner given by Mr. and Mrs.
Walter E. Dean at the Palace. Those asked to
meet the distinguished visitors were Mr. and
Mrs. D. C. Bates, Mrs. Hager, Mr. and Mrs.
John D. Spreckels, Dr. and Mrs. Whitney, Miss
Laura Bates, Miss Spalding, Major Bates, E. M.
Green way and Walter T. Dean.
J. V. Coleman is at the Sea Beach, Santa
Cruz, for a few days' stay. Mr. Coleman is
devoting all his attention to salmon fishing.
Mrs. Lovell White will spend the summer at
the Arches, Mill Valley.
Mrs. M. E. Gallahorn has returned to her
home after a pleasant visit of five weeks at the
home of Rev. T. H. Lawson and family of
Santa, Clara.
Mrs. Senator Stephen M. White returned to
her Los Angeles home from Washington last
week.
Mr. and Mrs. I. N. Van Xuys will take a sum
mer trip north which will include Castle Crag
and Bartlett Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Newmark have Just re
turned from a brief sojourn in San Francisco
to their home in Los Angeles.
Mrs. 3enator Jones of Santa Monica left for
New York a few days ago, accompanied by
Mrs. Roy Jones, who goes to visit Eastern
friends. Mrs. Jones Sr. will meet her daugh
ter Alice in New York, and the two will go
abroad for a year's sojourn.
Dr. and Mrs. Norman Bridge of Pasadena
left last week for New York, where they will
join Mrs. Presley C. Baker and son, also of
Pasadena, and the party will together make a
tour of Europs.
Miss Alice eastern of Los Angeles left last
week to join Cook's June excursion party for a
tour through Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. Webster C. Brain have just re
turned from their bridal trip to San Francisco.
Mr. hrain is connected witn the Standard Oil
Company at Los Angeles.
Mrs. T. L. Burnett and Miss Marie Burnett
have returned to their Southern home from a
visit with friends at Palo Alto.
Mrs. Edwin T. Earl left last week for the East,
and will sail in a few weeKs for Europe, where
the will pans the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hicks will spend the
Bummer at Santa Monica.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. K. Nuttall will be in San
Rafael during the summer, going to Del Monte
for the shoot.
Mr. and Mrs. George C. Boardman has also
arranged to pass the summer at San Rafael.
Mr. and Mre. W. S. Wood go to San Rafael for
the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Pope. Mrs. F. A. Frank and
Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Murphy will pass the sum
mer together at Del Monte.
Mrs. Casserly and Miss Daisy Casserly have
decided to pass the summer at Del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. Wintelaw Reid aud Mr. D. O.
Mills left yesterday for New York in a private
car.
Mrs. Blair expects to go north next month,
to remain for a while at Glen Blair in Mendo
cino County. Mrs. Blair and Miss Jennie Blair
go to Del Monte during August.
Mr. and Mjs. Colin M. Buyd have been visit
ing Chaplain and Mrs. A. A. McAllister at
Mare Island. They participated in the fare
well reception tendered to Commandant and
Mrs. Howison by the officers on Thursday even
ing and returned to the City on the Govern
ment tug on Friday morning. Mr. and Mrs.
Boyd will spend the greater part of the sum
mer at their lovely place, Casa Boyd, San
Leandro.
Mr. aud Mrs. Frank Johnson are in New
lork City and on their return will go to their
place at San Rafael for tlie summer.
Mr. and Mrs. William Alvord left yesterday
for an Alaskan trip. Later they go to Santa
Monica.
Mr. and Mrs. Adam Grant will be at Del
Monte for the summer month-.
As has been his custom, Ward McAllister
will spend the summer months at San Rafael.
Il0 . n ; C - T - K yl«nd and family leave next
week for their country home in Los Gatos,
where they will pass tlie summer.
Mrs. Joseph Eastiand has left for Mill Valley,
where she will pass the bummer.
Baron and Baroness yon Schroeder intend t o
be at San Rafael during the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey have ar
ranged to pass the greater part of the season at
Del Monte.
and Mrs. C. Josselyn are visiting in New
Mrs. H. C. Morris of Oakland has gone East
and expects to remain all summer.
Mrs. H. Morris is visiting Mrs. s. Hirsch in
land and Chehalis before returning
Louis* EdUh GralUley iR vlsl 'ing friends in St.
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Howard will go to
Monterey for the summer months
Mr and Mrs. Chauncey Wiuslow have de
cided on ban Rafael for a summer residence
Mr. and Mrs. F. -VTalUnt have decided to
pass the summer season at Sun Rafael
Mr. and Mrs. Wakefield Baker will p.gg thp
most part of the season at Del Monte
Mrs. H. Runyon and Miss Grace Ru'nyon will
spend the summer visiting aU parts of interen
in Southern California. w-resi
Mrs. F. E. Willson isat Iron Mountain Shastn
County, for the summer months. ' ~ tßl
B. L. Goodsell and th« Misses Goodsell are in
New York.
Mr. Heninisch Is occupying the Haker resi
dence at Mill Valley, where he expects to rel
main durinK the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Lofstad are instaHed in their
Mill Valley log cabin.
W. E. Holbr .ok is in Washington. D. C
Miss Sadie Sinclair goea East this week to
"HAVE 1 FORGOTTEN ANYTHING?"
attend the graduation of her cousins, the
Misses Clay. The latter go to Europe for an
extended trip before returning to their Oak
land home.
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Wadman have taken a
cottage at Causal ito for the summer.
Mrs. W. F. Megannon and her sister, Miss
Lottie Sewell, are the guests of Mrs. R. J. Lang
ford of San Jose.
Mrs. Van Winkle of Oakland and her sister,
Mrs. Michler. are passing the month at tne
Hotel Vendome.
Dr. Marie Nye Johnson of San Francisco
spent last week a* tne guest of Mrs. Estabrook
on South Tenth t-treet, San Jose.
Mr. and Mr*. Najrlee Burk of San Jose will
.c summer at Naglee Place.
Mrs. Carinuhael-Carr, accompanied by her
son Michael left last Sunday for England,
where Mrs. Carr wil: visit her mother. Mrs.
Carr will also travel in France and Italy, aud
will return to San Francisco September 1.
Mr. anil Mrs. Louis Geliert left on Thursday
for Los Angeles, to be absent during the sum
mer.
Mrs. Charles G. Trevatban will leave for New
York city the Ist of June to meet her husband.
They will make that their future home.
Mr*. C. A. MeCollan and Miss Kitty McCollan
are comfortably located at their Lovell-avenue
home at Mill Valley.
Dr. and Mrs. H. I. Jones are in New York,
and are registered at the Continental.
Mr. and Mrs. George Everetta of Oakland
tire visiting Mr. and Mrs. R. O. Baldwin of
Danville.
Mr. ana Mrs. L. H. Schurrer will 6pend the
summer months at the residence of Dr. \Y.
Allen, Ash by avenue, Berkeley.
Mrs. Thomas Hurnberg of Oakland will spend
the summer in Los Gatos.
Louis Felix Raymond is visiting at St. Helena.
G. E. Dow is passing part of his summer in
New York <'itv.
Mr. and Mrs". W. \V. Polk and Miss Polk are
at Pasadena, where they expect to remain all
summer.
Mrs. i. Zelierbach and family, Mrs. J. Gabriel
and Miss Belle Zelierbach will leave to-day lor
Nevada City, where they intend to remain un
til after July 4.
Mrs. A. K.'Cohn and daughter, Miss Fannie,
left to-day on an extended Eastern trip.
Mr. and Mrs. John T. Dare have been spend
ing the past week at the lovely home of Timo
thy Guy f'helris, San Carlo*. San MateoCounty.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Fefgenbaum of 1208
Golden Gate avenue left last Monday for a
visit to the northern part of the State, where
they will remain sor some months.
Mr. ana Mrs. C. A. Windels have gone to
Alameda for the season.
Mrs. Marcus Koshland and family have se
cured a cottage at Alameda for the summer
months.
Mrs. J.rilger and her sister, Mrs. Ben Levi,
after a month's absence have returned from
Napa Soda Springs.
Tne following are registered at the Hotel
Bellevue, Mill Valley: H.irry Wagner, San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. W. 11. Hudson, Stan
ford; William L. Oge, San Rafael; Mrs 11.
Harris, Terre Haute, lu-i. ; Miss D. Castro, Miss
Florence H. Ingalsbe, Mr. and Mrs. H. Kins
sler, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Capeller, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Dederky, Mr. ami Mrs. F. O'N.-il, Master
R. C. Graves, Mr. and Mrs. George M. Coon, W.
A. Goodwin, O. Kellogg, H. Smith, Oscar Ku
nath, Mrs. C. Hagan, Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Ha
gan anil child, A. Andrew, E. M. Jorgensen and
family, San Francisco.
The visitors at Mark West Springs include
James Code, C. H. Code, W. Laprenz, Frank
Ellsworth and wife, Mrs. A. Dinsmore, San
Francisco; Miss Grace Young, Miss Ethel
Young, Petaluma; Mrs. Smith, Richard Smith,
Calistoga.
The past week at the Vendome, San Jose, has
been a continual round of pleasure. Music,
dancing, games, horseback riding and a great
many driving parties have caused the time to
pass pleasantly and quickly. The evenings
have been charming. The orchestra still
proves Its popularity by the nightly attend
ance, and it is sale to predict the lobby and ve
randa will be taxed to their utmost cepacity
before the season is over. Applications still
arrive, and the management looks forward to
the banner year in the Vendome's history.
The grounds are kept in faultless style and are
greatly admired.
K. Melrose and Ivan Treadwell were among
the many who rode from San Francisco to the
Vendome during the week.
W. H. Bremer and wife of San Francisco, ac
companied by Miss Helen M. Bremer and Miss
May Skoff , are at the Vendome foi an Indefinite
period.
Mrs. N. Whitwell of San Mateois the guest of
Mh jor and Mrs. U.S. Pickands at the Vendome.
W. Bridge ana wife of San Francisco have re
turned home after a pleasant visit at the Ven
dome.
Mrs. A. M. Benson of Toledo, Ohio, accom
panied by Miss C. Benson, is registered ai the
Vendome.
Miss Nellie Callahan, Miss Kate M. Mfhan
and T. I. Bergin of San Francisco spent the
early part of the week at the Vendome.
James D. Phelan of San Francisco spent a
portion of the week at the Vendome.
w. J. Hufsey of Mount Hamilton paid the
Vendome a flying visit the past week.
Recent San Francisco arrivals at the Hotel
Metropole, Avalon, Catalina Island, include
Mr. and Mrs. W. Thompson, James H. Cutter,
Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Jacks, F. A. Lux Jr., Miss S
Lux, Mi-s Helle Harris, Dr. Washington Dodge,
wife and child, Dr. and Mrs. F. B. Carpenter
Dr. A. C. Hart, Mr. and Mrs. J. Salz, J. L. Pierce
and Mart Johnson.
From other points north the arrivals include
Dr. and Mrs. C. G. Bull, Mr. and Mrs. C. 8
l'eake, Alameda: Mrs. J. Franetta, the Misses
Franetta, San Rafael; Mr. and Mrs. P. E.
Bowies, Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Brigham, Omtland.
Among the many arrivals at hartiett Springs,
may be noticed John A. Hussinger, Honolulu;
('. A. Thurstou. W. J. Sbnpf-on, Misß M. C.Simp
son, G. A. Dodxe, P. E. Lenfesty, George B.
Waterman, G. Gutsch, J. W. Hamerton and
wife, Mrs. Anderson and child, G. Rose, F. B.
Hatch, George A. Story and wue, Mrs. Charles
B. Story, L. J. Harrison, wife, two children and
nurse, W. R. Huff, E. J. Duffield, San Fran
cisco; John Wells, Santa Rosa; John H. Jen
kins, W. J. Rowe. M. Siiewbridge, James Dabb,
Grass Valley; R. W. Browning, P. L. Kin
chelor, D. C. Halsey, Woodland; Mark Munroe,
Santa Barbara; John Lnwsen, 11. D. Lawsen,
William Loomis, Orovi.le; W. A. Mathews,
Oakland; Mrs. A. Sausey and three children,
Redding; J. E. Rathbrown, Williams. John H.
Curtis, New Haven, Conn., and his lriend, Ar
thur C. Alexander of Berkeley, are taking an
outing at Bartlett Springs and putting in a
good time at tennis. The fishing is unusually
good, F. Schmidt of Sacramento being wonder
luily successful.
M' H. Hecht aud wife. T. W. Cahan and Miss
Cahan, Captain Sam Reed, Professor String
ham of Berkeley, Mrs. L. Hunt of Nevada City
and Mrs. McLaughlin of San Jose are among
those registered at Paso Robles.
M Webster Jones has returned to Pmo
Robles.
Mrs. J. A Folger and Mrs. George Cook have
been very mucn benefited by their trip to P»so
Rubles.
The following is a list of those who have reg
istered at the Mountain Home during the past
week: Mr. and Mrs. J. Harry Scott, Mr. and
Mrs. Oscar Curtez, Charles Derby, Dr. Lowell,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
Charles Barker and A. E. Mende. The guests
enjoyed the "picnic chamj^tre" very much.
It will be a feature of the Mountain Home this
season and will be repeated weekly. Trout
fishing is now excellent. •
Among the arrivals at the Sea Beach, Santa
<"ruz, during the last week were the following
San Franciscans; D. W. Earl, S. C. Deiiaon, I.
R. Lynch, F. D. Brady, N. T. Messcr, J. V. Cole
man, Mrs. Gojf Francis, a. <;. c.lenn, W. 11. Gib
bons, J. B. Laucic and D. P. Tamey.
Those registered at Duncan Sprines, Mendo
cino County, are: John BrOQfe, Francisco;
KiMiik Howell, Burlincame; Mrs. A. Dalton, P.
J. Lrwlot, I'etaluina; F. Jahn, Fred Steinbach,
Healdsburg; S. Ilolman, W. J. Eardley, wife
and child.
Recent arrivals at Highland Springs are as
follows: Frank L. Blinn, Oakland; J. Mar
collo, San Francisco; <>. 1.. I unnincham, Oak
land; Mr. aud Mrs. S. 15. dishing, San Kafacl;
Mr. ntid Mrs. B. C. Evans, San Rafael; W. W.
Thatcher, Hopland; <j. A. Naliey, Healdsburg;
Mrs. A. J. Donz«l. J. A. ( ('.Sullivan, Mrs. J.
Gaughran, Miss M. (in'igliran, L. H. V.-mn. E.
M. Simpson, I). (iririiiiiKer, Miss Greninger,
William Lang and wife, August J. Lang, Dr. J.
K. I. nine mm wile and child, M iss E. A. Cha
pel 1, San Francisco; C. A. Yordt, Cloverdale:
Miss Minnie Daniel, Effiiigham. 111.; 11. 8.
Davis, Cincinnati, Ohio; L.W.Simmons and
wife, Bloomtield; W. K. Magee, George E. But
ter and wile, San Rafael.
Recent arrivals at Hotel del Mar. Santa Cruz,
are: Mr. and Mrs. B.Gallagher, Mrs. W. H.
Molloy, San Francisco; Rev. P. M. Commer
ford, Dr. Burke, Sen Jose; Rev. F. Collins,
Santa Clara.
Recent arrivals at Paraiso Springs include:
A. Braiden, San Ardo; John Duane. San Fran
cisco; John schaefer, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs
Wiliinm Israil, Los Angeles; C. T. Romis,
Monte Carlo; Hon. Francis Doud and daugh
ter, Monterey ; J. A. G. Adcock. Miss M. Pad
lar, Frank M<-Fadd"n. Judire M. Parker and
daughter, Saiinas; John Bradbury, wife and
son, San Francisco; MLss Garoutte", San Fran'
cisco; F. H. Pitman, San Franc ; ~ >; - V
Lnughlin, Moss Landing; J. Ready, George
Belts and wife, Mrs. Tnomas Snudgrass, Wat
sonville; Robert Laurenstein, Arroyo Seco; S.
J. Kitzmiller and wiff, Soledad; .1. McDer
moutt. San Francisco; Frank McDcrmoutt
King City; C. S. Abbott, Salinas; Mr. and Mrs.
<i. W. Locke, Sacramento; Miss Moriarity, Sac
ramento; Miss Mary L. Taylor, Sun FrHiicisco;
Mrs. William Bryan, children and m&id; Mr
«nrt Mrs. T. E. F. Randolph, New York; F. A
Ki/Mirn. Watsonvillc; Fred H. Rixoy, Long
Beach, Los Angeles; Dr. J. H. Boott. SaliUM
Oty: Captain R. Petersen, Alameda; J. G. Jen
sen, Chicago.
HOME GATHERINGS
Card and Dinner Parties and a
Silver Wedding Cele
bration.
A dinner party was given by Mrs. J. E. Hop
kins of 914 Tenth street, Oakland, Thursday
evening. The affair was in honor of the son
of the hostess, and the following were present:
Lieutenant C. D. Kennedy, Percy Mneill, C. N.
Bonnemort. Clarence Rend. Alfred Mau, John
Briscoe, E. Simpson, S. C. Hastings, A. Randol,
L. H. Ralins, F. G. Russ, Oscar Jack'on,
Charles Lowrey, E. Anthony and W. F. Hop
kins.
A delightful card party was given by Mrs.
L. L. Bromwell, Friday afternoon, at her home
j £n Oakland, In honor of Miss Luella Williams.
i The hostess was assisted in receiving by her
i mother, Mrs. Shelby Martin. The following
| ladies were present: Miss Selby, Miss Louise
, Simons, Miss Eva Lukens, Miss Birtha Wil.
OOX, Miss <;race Holt, Miss. Ella Sterrett, Miss
I Florinne Hrown, -Miss Mattie Knowles, Miss
Kiln Ooodall, Miss Ethel Elttlidge, Miss Lib
bio Moffltt, Miss Katherine Harrub, Miss Rosa
May, Miss Rosa Stevenson, Miss Sadie Sinclair
j the Misses Hush, Miss Chabot, Miss Jen
| nic Rawlings, Miss Genevieve English, Miss
I Genevieve Smith, Miss Georgia Bhanklin. Miss
; Margaret Knight, Miss Margaret Bartlett, the
; Misses Knight, Miss Isabella Palmer. Miss
! Elsie Bennett, Miss Amy Requa, Miss Carre
| Little, Miss Marguerite Joliile, Miss Clare Ral
ston, Miss Clare Craig, Miss Clare Whitney,
! Miss Augusta Kent, the Misses Crelin, Miss
I Win Herres, Miss Birdie Steele, the Misses
j Crowell, Miss MeElraith, Miss Van Wyck, Miss
I Hamilton, Miss Robinson, Miss McLeod.
j A delightful partyVas given on Saturday even
ing by Mrs. C. Brown in honor of Miss Ftlding,
| who is at present the guest of Mr. and Mrs.
Jesse Levy. At midnight an elaborate supper
was served, La France roses being used in the
decorations. Those present wore: Mr. and
j Mrs. Goldman, Miss Feldberg, Miss Hlrstle
Mifs Goldman, Miss Rosener. Miss E. Rosener
Miss Reiss, Miss Wangenheim; Messrs. B. Isa
di Max Brown, Kahn, Bacnman, Rosener,
Reiss and Lachman.
THEATER PARTIES
Quite a Number Made for the
Frawley Opening at the
Columbia.
The theater party is to be the correct thing
for Monday evening at the opening of the
Frawley company at the Columbia Theater.
Tne following persons huve arranged for
theater parties: W. L.Gerstle, Dr. G. \V. Clark,
H. St. Maur, G. W. Dargie, H. M. Joy, C. L.
Ackerman, F. L. Owns, Charles J. Richinan, H.
B. Morton, S. Steam, L. Slessinger, H. Bev
eridge, Joseph Friedlander, F. 8. Feuchtwan
ger, W. Hollis, James Lawaon, S. Forbes, L.
Haggin, F. Goad, C. Stone. W. Wa llsce.
Among others wno will attend are: Wil
liam Thomas, T. C. Van Ness, T. B.
Bißhop, W. R. SmKlberg. George A. Knight,
A. L. Bancroft, Sidney M. Smith, Mr. Stetson,
Mr. Tulbot, Mr. Tobin, H. T. i urtaz, H C Dib
ble, H. F. Enierie. S. W. Torman, L. H. Clement,
Charles A. Low, H. R. Jewctt, G. Bowman G.
Blanding, N. P. Cole, M. V. Gadisden, W. Good
fellow, C. W. Howard, J. R. Little, F. B. Morns
W. Rounatree, Mr. Schwabacher, Miss Lazrus
H. Kaskel, W. W. Kaufman, H. Levy. W L*
Hackett, F. Harris, A. Livingston, H. F. Frank,
Miss Hirshman, J. Woolner. J. Witt, George
Lask, P. J. Corwin, Mrs. B askower, Mr Hont
rich, Mr Bibo. Mr. Cook, M. Getz, E. Davis
Mr. Goldsmith, Mr. Basline, Mr. Green, Mr.
Lewis, J. S. Ackcrman, Mr. Alexander W
R. W heeler, J. Rothschild, Mr. Fintuch
L. Harris, F. Sterling, S. Kaufman, R. E
Marx, Mr. Oppenhelmer, H. R. Newbauer, M
Adler, Mr. Phillips, D. J. Barr, B. Gallon, Mr.
Schroder, Mr. Lawton, W. H. Harrison, Mr.
Ellsworth, Mr. Krantner, R. Weil, Mr. Bates,
Mr. Anthony, Mr. Brown, Mr. Berton, Mr'
Forties, Mr. (lark, A. Spitz, Mr. Watson, Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Wheeler, Mr. Wertheimer. W 11
Gallagher, 8. Marcus, F. C. Siebe, Mr. Magnin,
M:.-s Frank, Mr. Goodman, Mr. Hm'hstader
Mr. Herman, Mr. HanUal, Mr. Hirsiifelder, Mr'
Heller, H. J. Lash, A. Levy, H. Lachman, F.
Lewis. G. W. Lester, G. M. Murphy, Mr, New
man, Miss Nathan, Mr. Nichols, "T. C. Frio.i
lander. These parties in nearly all cases will
be followed by an elaborate supper.
RINGING THE JUNE
MARRIAGE BELLS.
Two Weddings to Be Cele
brated on Tuesday
Next.
Miss Cheesman and Lieutenant
Schoemaker to Be Quietly
United.
Miss Huntsman and Grayson Dutton
to Be Wed in a Bower of
White Roses.
Tuesday next is going to be a busy day
for Hymen, for no les3 than five promi
nent weddings will occur on that day.
Douglas Tilden and Miss Bessie Cole,
whose engagement was announced some
months ago, are to be married Tuesday,
June 9. The ceremony will be performed
at the home of the bride's father, Leander
Goss Cole, at 1545 Webster street, Oakland.
Dr. McLean, who is an old friend of the
family, will officiate.
It will be a high noon wedding, and the
spacious home will be decorated plenti
fully with the flowers which grow upon all
sides of it
Willis Polk will attend the groom as
best man, and Miss White, a cousin of the
bride, will be maid of honor.
Just what method of performing the
ceremony Dr. McLean will adopt remains
to be seen, and the features common to all
well-regulated weddings do not exhaust the
possibilities of this one.
The personality of both bride and groom is
of unusual interest, and the conventional ex
pressions of congratulation can scarcely ex
press the depth of feeling which friends ana
even strangers must have for this young
couple.
Not many of those who are familiar with the
work of Douglas Tilden, sculptor, are aware
that the artist cannot hear or speak. Fortun
ately for him and for art, the young man
found very early in life a vent for that expres
sion which did not come to him as to others—
a language in which he could pour out his best
thought.
Miss Bessie Cole, like her fiance, has never
heard the sound of a human voice. She has,
however, been carefully educated, and can use
her own voice somewhat.
She is an attractive young lady, and exceed
ingly animated. Her bright eyes catch every
shade of emotion that plays about the faces of
those witn whom she converses, and even fol
low the motions of the lips so closely as to
understand much of the language they speak.
Miss Cole is of a retiring disposition so far as
the great public i.i concerned, and has ex
pressed a wish that the details of her wedding
shall not be discussed outside the circle of her
family and intimate friends.
Her father, who has never left ungratified
any reasonable wish of his motherless daugh
ter, heeds this one as a matter of course, and
the wedding of June 9 will be a very quiet af
fair.
The young couple will reside in this City, and
there will be no extended tour, for the reason
that Douglas Tiiden is now engaged upon the
commemorative monument which James D.
Phelan will present to the City on Admission
day.
Mrs. Jennie Cheesman and Lieutenant Shoe
maker, a young officer of the Philadelphia,
will join hands and hearts on Tuesday, the
9th. The wedding is to be quietly celebrated
at the residence of the bride's mother. 1907
Pacific avenue. Rev. Dr. Foute will perform
the ceremony which will be witnessed only by
relatives and a limited number of Intimate
friends. i . . ....
Unfortunately the wedding of Miss Leah
Gerst and Mr. Lowengarten, which was to
have been an elaborate -affair, on account of
the critical illness of the bride's | mother, is to
be privately celebrated at the Gerst residence
on McAllister street. No one but relatives
will be present at the ceremony, at which Dr.
Voorsanger will officiate.
Miss Emma Huntsman, daughter of Mrs.
George EL Huntsman, and N. Grayson Dutton,
son of N. J. Dutton, vice-president of the Fire
men's Fund, will be married Tuesday at noon
at Grace Church. It is to be a white wedding.
The church is to be elaborately decorated in
white roses.
The bride is to be attended by her sister,
Miss Genevicve Huntsman, who will officiate
as maid of nonor, and the Misses Gertrude and
Mollie Dutton, Miss Louise Young and Miss
Lulu Huntsman, who are to be the brides
maids.
Harry Dutton, brother of the groom, is to be
his best man, and Henry Mandell, Donald
Smith, George Gardner and Henry Duttou
ushers.
After the ceremony a bridal breakfast, for
the relatives only, is to be served at the Hunts
man residence, 824 Sutler street.
The bride will wear a magnificent gown of
moire satin made demi-train and trimmed
with point lace.
The maids will bo attired alike In white or
candle over white silk and wear large leghorn
hats adorned with white roses and festooned
with tulle. Rev. Dr. Foute will perform the
ceremony.
The wedding of Miss May Harley. danghter
of the late diaries Harley, and Livingston
Jenks will be solemnized on Tuesday evening
at the Harley residence on Scott street. Dr.
Hcmphill will perform the ceremony. They
arc to be no bridal attendants.' Following the
ceremony there is to be a reception, for which
300 invitations have been issued.
After the wedding the young couple will
leave for an extended European visit.
The wedding of Miss Helen Thornton,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Thornton, and
William Haley, brother of ex-County Clerk M.
C. Haley, will be ' celebrated on Wednesday
morning at St. Bridget's Church. Miss Agnes
Thornton will be the maid of honor and Daniel
Haley best man. A breakfast will follow the
ceremony at the residence of the bride's par
ents, 1717 Green street.
ENGAGEMENTS
Preparations for Several June
Weddings Here and
Elsewhere.
The wedding of Douglass Tilden. the sculptor,
and Miss Bessie Cole will take place Saturday.
June 6, at the bride's home in Oakland.
The wedding of Miss Elizabeth de la Fletcher
Slee to Elwood Bender Crocker, both of El
mira, N. V.. will take place on June 3. Mr.
Crocker was born in Sacramento, but during
the last few years has resided in the East. He
is an adopted son of Mrs. Margarci Crocker,
the mother of Mrs. J. Sloat Fassett of Elmira
and Mrs. H. M. Gillig of New York City.
Tho wedding of Willard John Parker and
Miss Helen Marvin Nickerson will t«ke place
at the residence of the bride's aunt, Mrs. Anna
Hiirlow Lee, 1415 lieary street, at 8:30 P.M.,
Wednesday, June 10. A receplion will follow
thp ceremony.
The announcement is made of the engage
ment of Ml»s Elsie L. Cook to Henry Levy. At
home Sunday, May 31, and Tnursday, June 4,
from 2 toC P. m.. at 2111 Jackson sireet.
The engagement vs announced of Miss Bcckie
Simon of 22 Russ street, this City, to M. Bern
stein of Los Angeles.
WEDDINGS
Church and Home Weddings
Celebrated During the
Past Week.
A pretty and interesting home wedding was
that of Miss Lillie Livingston and E. W. Sichell
celebrated on Monday, May 25, at the rest
denoe of the bride's father, 624 O'Farrell
street, the Rev. Dr, Nieto officiating.
The house was elaborately decorated for the
occasion with a profusion of choice flowers
and potted palms.
After the ceremony congratulations were in
order. Tne guest*, after viewing the magnifi
cent presents sent by numerous friends aud
members of the stock exchange*, of which the
groom was a member, then sut down to the re
past. Toasts were made and responded to un
til the time for departure. Mr. and Mrs. Sichei
have gone to Santa Cruz for a short stay, and
later will probably leave for an extended East
ern visit.
The marriage of Harry B. W. Cady and Mis
Dorothea Frances Harvey took place in the
Fust I'resl.ytei fan Church of Oakland on the
18th inst., the Key. R. F. Coyle officiating.
The newly wedded couple have goae to tne
ONE COUPLE OF THE ADVANCE GUARD.
southern part of the State and will return to
reside in Berkeley, where they will be pleased
to see their friends.
The weddinc of Miss Louisa A. Luhn and An
gust Link was celebrated on Tuesday at St.
Matthew's German Lutheran Church. Long
before noon, the hour announced for the cere
mony, every seat in the pretty little church
was occupied by a select and fashionable au
dience.
Before the arrival of the bridal pair a special
orchestra unde r the leadership of Professor F.
Katzenbach played the intermezzo of "Caval
leria Rusticana." To the bridfil march of
"Lohengrin" the bridal party entered the
church. First came a quartet of prettily
dressed children, who walked before the bridal
pair, strewing flowers in their path, and thus
leading them to the sltar. During the cere
mony, at which the pa«tor of the church, the
Rev. H. Gehrcke, officiated, the bride
and groom stood underneath a beautiful
large wedding bell composed of sweet peas.
La France roses and smilax and palms formed a
pretty background for tjje flower-decked altar.
After tne ceremony the orchestra rendered
Halevy's "Call Me Thine Own," and the invited
guests tendered their congratulations. The
bride, who is the eldest daughter of Otto Luhn,
the soap manufacturer, ana a representative
German of this City, wore a beautiful costume
of creme crepe, richly embroidered with
pearls. The bridesmaids were Miss H. Gimpel
and Miss F. Wuibern, while Otto Luhn Jr. of
ficiated as best man. A wedaing dinner was
spread at the home of the bride's parents on
Diamond street, and at 4 o'clock the young
couple left the City for the southern part of
the State on their wedding trip.
SURPRISE PARTIES
Young Folks Enjoy a Number
of Those Pleasant
Affairs.
An enjoyable surprise party was given to
Miss Daisy Place at her residence, 229 Fell
street, Friday evening. Those present were
Miss Daisy Place, Miss Josie Conn, Miss Vonie
Linehau, Miss Celia Pechner, Miss Rosetta
Forest, Miss Louis Keil, Miss Norua Conn,
Miss Gracie Siatter, Miss Jennie Duffy, Miss
Armanda Conn, Miss Dora A. Savage, Miss
Hilda Gilberlson, Miss Hattie M .uiton, Miss
Alma Keelen, Miss Mildred Green, Miss Katie
Rourke, Miss Blanche Cohn, Miss Lillian M.
Savage, Welter R. Savage, Ira Haycock, Isidore
Cohn, Robert Linehan, J. Duffy, Bert Kellen,
George Keil, Louis Schlessinger, Lester Forest,
Harold Green, Gilbert Hull, Wallace Reed,
Walla Yazell, L. Keelen, Louis Wagner, B.
Chew. Harry Locke.
At his home on the Potrero John Innensey
was surprised on Saturday evening by his
fellow members of America Circle, C. O. F.
The party met at the corner of Twenty-fourth
street and Potrero avenue, and after marching
to the house serenaded Mr. Innensey. Those
who took part were: Miss Lena Switzer, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Behnke, Mr. und Mrs. William
Haack, Mr. and Mrs. R. Marquard. Mr. and
Mr?. J. G. Aldis, C. H. Thoester and daughter,
Mrs. Forbes, Mrs. C. Janes, Mrs. Hemenez,
Mrs. L. Albin. Miss M. Lynch, Miss K. Lynch,
Miss A. Lynch, Miss M. GaiUgher, Miss A.
Desmond, Miss M. Desmond, Miss B. Steinweg,
Mies T. Davis, Miss L. Switzer, Mrs. C. Fink
*ldey, Mrs. H. Kenney, W. Fawke, P. Richert,
B. Morris, H. Marquard, A. Lundgreen, H.
Wakenreuder. C. W. H. Heggum, J. Hyland,
P. D. Sheridan, F. Isaacson, Thomas Walsh,
Frt-d Zimmerman.
Miss Marguerite Forrest of 519 Golden Gate
avenue was the recipient of a surprise party
on Bunday evening. Those present were Miss
Florence Young, Miss Bessie Hiel, Miss Lizzie
Peckham, Miss Ve.ie Kiublock, Miss Lilli3
West, Miss Lou Heycroft, Miss Georgie Hey
croft, Miss Etta Parsons, Miss Ethel Forrest,
Miss Claire Haelke, Mi«s Margie Scheean, Miss
Rubie Forrest, Miss Evelyn Forrest, Miss Mar
guerite Forrest, Mrs. I. M. Forrest, Mrs. Price,
Mrs. James Forrest, Charles Wegener, Will
Saunders. Walter Mack, J. Dempsey, Albert For
rest, Ray Paul, Carl Emery, Thomas Forrest,
J. Hardln, O. Parker, P. Peckham, Messrs.
Smile. Scott, Cameron and Stewart.
A surprise party was given by Mr. and Mrs.
C. M. Rous<eau at their residence, 2t>lt> Fol
som street, on Saturday evening to their
daughter, Miss Minnie Ronsseau. Those pres
ent were: Miss Minnie Rousseau. Miss Fan
nie Rousseau, Miss Annie Hopf, Miss
Nonie Muguire, Miss Emilie Cheffers, Miss
Mamie Maguire, Mi3s Carrie Maguire, Mr. and
Mrs. C. M. Rousseau. Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Anker,
Mr. and Mrs. Mann, Charles J. Rousseau, E. J.
Imhaus, Alfred Imhaus, William Robertson,
W. Oesterrichcr, Louis Imhaus. H. F. Neuna
ber, C. Daniey, M. Thompson, Fred Horn, Fred
Bent. Walter Fisher. Jessie Giusti and D.
Wren.
On Thursday lav a pleasant surpriso party
was given to Edward Driscoll at his grand
mother's residence, it being the auniversary of
BTEW TO-PAT.
Can See It
Done Before
Your Eyes.
I will remove the ugliest wrinkles I can find,
one-half this week, one-half next week. Be-
s de» doing this I will give you a chance to ob-
tain a Face Massage Treatment or a Face
Steaming Treatment, or an Application to Re»
store Gray, Hair to Original Color.
<* pp-np
Jff THIS
Si? WEEK!
WANTED— An old lady to act as subject.
The worn the wrinkles, the older the lady, the
better I will like it.
'V XT A I . ; BAY Ladies out of city send-
l IfcJUT U | JL> XJJik. ing this ad with 10c in
stamps will receive a book of Instructions and
a box of LOLA MONTEZ CREME AND FACE
; MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, Derma iologi«t,
•••■•■£ :•_•" -40-42 Geary street, San Francisco.
_F.B.— Superfluous hair permanently removed
by the electric needle. .
his birth. The evening was spent in dancing,
singing and games. |Among those present were :
Mis- Annie Dooley, Miss Helen Ayers, Miss
Myra Lauer, Miss Ida Pullen, Miss Hazel Pow,
Miss May Ford, Edward Driscoll, Wallace Mc-
Kennon, Clifford Spennev, Eddie Ford, Willie
Ford, James Welsh, Frankie Dooley and Baby
Corbett, Octave Carnaud, Mrs. M. A. Driscoll,
Mrs. W. C. Schneider, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Fen
ton, Mrs. F. T. Corbett, Mrs. Kuan, Mrs. T.
Dunn and Mrs. L. Warren.
IN THE FUTURE.
Fashionable Clubs Announce
Various Entertainments
and Dances.
The P. D. C. Club has issued invitations for
its fifty-eighth party at Odd Fellows' Hall on
Tuesday evening, June 2.
Invitations are now being issued for the
Mystics' twentieth evening dress party, which
is to take place on Tuesday evening, June 9, at
Native Sons' Hall. Invitations must be pre
sented and evening dress worn on the floor.
The officers of the club announce that there
will be no party in July.
A benefit will be given to Professor G. R.
Puckett at Mission Opera Hall next Wednesday
evening, June 3, by the pupils of the academy.
Great preparations have been made for the
event, which promises to be a great success.
The following artists have kindly volunteered
for the occasion: J. D. Hynes' orchestra; solo,
Thomas Addis; recitation, Dr. P. J. McCarthy;
select reading (Shakespearean), James W. Sul
livan and Harold Mordaunt; piano duet, "II
Trovatore" (Claude MelnotteV, Miss A. Pfund
Miss Belle Ensign and Miss Grace Daugnerty
and soloists of the McKenzle Musical Society;
Miss Minnie Poweil, Miss Zelda Lewis, Miss
Kittie Kelly, C. F. Le Long, J. P. Grodjens,
Sheriff Richard I. Whelan; J. W. McKenzie, ac
companist.
NEW TO-DAY— PRY^gOOPS^
Desirable and Seasonable Goods made for
Spring and Summer Wear on
Special Sale
.A.T BOTH STORES.
WASH DRESS FABRICS.
20 styles of dainty Dimities, 30 4 inches wide,
perfectly fast colors, such styles and qualities 4 {%*
as we have been selling at 15c, sale price ..... | ()u
Per Yard.
ALL- BUT SILK.
A new wavy-printed Wash Fabric, in dark
colorings, has the appearance of silk, a bar- 71ft
gain at. f 2d
SHIRT WAISTS.
Handsome designs, full Bishop sleeves, yoke
" back, perfect fitting, perfectly laundered, up to
date in every particular, high-class goods at ift a
exceedingly low prices. Tvui
$1.50, $1.25, 9Oc, 75c, sOc.
RIBBONS— SPECIALS.
Just received from New York, a large lot of
WARP-PRINTED, All-silk Dresden Effects.
Ribbons bought at one-half last month's prices.
The quality is excellent, the designs are beau-
tiful.
No. 9, ia inches wide. ......... . 122 C
No. 12, 2 inches wide. ......... . . .15c
No. 16, 22 inches wide. 20c
No. 40, 3 inches wide. . ..... . . . . . 25c
'No. 50, 32 inches wide .......... 25c
Special inducements to buy now in the way of low
prices at our Dress Silk counters.
K^ nh 1 h«<*f o- 107 109
IV^ f * * llvl§ 9 Post Street,
otrs-uss & ~
Frohman J market st.
MAY FOR SWEET
GIRL GRADUATES.
Young Ladies' Evening at
Home at the Ziska
Institute.
The Dance at Miss West's and
Miss Murrison's School
on Friday.
Pretty Maidens, Sturm n? Gowns and
Brilliant Essays All in
Evidence.
The past week has been the week of the
belle that is to be.
At all the fashionable schools the sweet
girl graduates, pretty, stunning and bril
liant, have been the great attraction of this
last week of May.
On Friday evening the young ladies of
Miss West's and Miss Murrison's school
gave a charming dance to bring the school
term to a happy close. Schoolrooms, par
lors and corridors were handsomely deco
rated with flowers, and dancing to excellent
music was in order.
Light refreshments were served daring
the evening.
At the Ziska Institute the young ladies
varied with pleasant result the usual
school closing exercises and sent out cards
for an evening at home.
In the handsome drawing-rooms, elab
orately decorated with flowers, the grad
uates, Miss Alice Cohen and MissLillie Schwa
bacher, assisted Mme. Ziska to receive the
guests.
An excellent programme was presented and
elaborate refreshments served.
The following web the programme for the
evening's exercises:
Piano duet, "Lucia di Lammermoor" (Bel-
I lack), Misses Langdon ana Kowalsky; piano
I solo, "Tremolo Reverie" (Rosseilen), Miss
; Mabel Bowman; piano duet, "Postilion
d'Amour" (F. Behr), Misses Russell and Fox ;
piano solo, "Song Without Words" (Holzel),
Miss Delphine Lieber; piano duet, "Le Reveil
dv Lion ' (De Kontsky), Misses Winans and
Tungate; recitation, "The Convention of tne
Muses" (E. Bates), Misses Cohen, Scliwabacher,
Lieber, Bowman, Russell, Greenbaum, Fox,
Tungate, McDonald; piano solo, "La Jota
Aragonesa" (Gottschalk), Miss Millie Heil
ner; German recitation, "Oh, Lieb, so
j Lang, etc" (Freiligrath). Miss Alice Cohen;
song, "DerHimmelhateineThrane" (Kucken),
j Miss Stella Sehwabacher; piano solo, minuet
i rPaderewskij, Miss Gladys Meyers; English
; recitation, "The Neglected Bud" (Kipling),
| Miss Mabel Bowman; violin solo, Dallad
(Charles Dancla). Miss Mabel Kowalskv; piano
solo, crescendo (Lasson), Miss Dora Tungate;
piano solo, "Chanson a' Amour" (Sternberi?),
Miss Blanche Sternneim; "Angel's Serenade"
for voice, piano and violin (Braga), Misses
Alice and Edna Lewis, MUg Kowalskv; piano
solo, "Pendant le Mazurka" (Wachs), M*issEdna
Lewis.
Sew Free Library on Powell.
Owing to the increase in the number of the
patrons at Branch Library No. 3 the trustees
have found it necessary to move this branch
to larger quarters and the new quarters at
1505 Powell street will be ready by Monday,
June 1. The branch library circulates books
I from the branch and also sends daily to the
; main library in the new City Hall for such
books as patrons may select from the main
library catalogue. There is a large reading
room attached. The new branch will be open
daily from 9 a. m. to 12 it. and 2:30 to 9 p. m.;
Sundays, 1 :30 to SP. m. Branch No. 3 will be
in charge of Miss Margaret Schmidt.RICH FIELDS
FOR COMMERCE
How Central and South
American Trade Is
Being Neglected.
REMEDIAL SUGGESTIONS
American Manufacturers Heed
less of the Demands of Mer-
chants and Consumers.
GERMAN AND ENGLISH GOODS
Preferred Simply Because They Con
form to the Peculiarities of the
Situation.
During the larger portion of his six
weeks' absence from the City, E. H. Hin
ton, the local general agent of the Panama
Railroad Company, was engaged in in
vestigating the conditions of the trade of
the Central American countries, with a
view to seeing how it could be extended
with the merchants and manufacturers of
the United States, and tnus incidentally
make the operations of his company's
business in that part of the world more
protitable.
When Mr. Hinton left here he went to
New York, where he was joined by G.
"Whaley, vice-president and general man
ager of his company, and John Muir, the
company's traffic manager. The party
left for Colon and crossed the Isthmus of
Panama, and from the latter point the
principal portion of the investigation wa3
made. Speaking of the result of his
travels and inquiries, Mr. Hinton said
yesterday:
"There are two things that the United
States needs to do in order to get its due
share of Central American business:
longer credits must be given, and the re
quirements of the people of these coun
tries must be catered to — both those of the
merchants and the consumers.
"The German and English give those
people long time. They will give them
twelve months' credit at a small rate of
interest, while the American merchant
wants his money in ninety days or even
cash. Xlio ninety days are gone some
times before the buyer receives his goods,
and it may thus happen that the goods
have to be pffid for before they are re
ceived. This is the main point. '
"Another thing that operates strongly
against the American merchant is that he
has never sought to cultivate that trade
except in isolated cases. The Americans
have never made any intelligent and per
sistent effort to work up the business. A few
send drummers occasionally; if the mer
chants buy it is all right, if they don't the
drummer packs up his samples and de
parts. A German or English commercial
traveler hangs up his hat, ascertains ex
actly what the trade requires and then has
the goods made to meet the demand 3.
Americans won't do that.
"Peoi>le down there tell me if they want
cotton goods made a certain width and
weight the Germans and English will
gladly manufacture them. On the other
hand they will asu the American and the
American will simply say, 'We have
standard styles and we see no reason why
we should change.' This seems to be a
remarkable situation, but it is a fact.
"Another thing that operates very seri- |
ou-Jy against Americans is the fact that
they are the most careless packers of
goods. The frailest package of merchan
dise is a package of United States goods.
"The trade of South and Central America
requires packages to be put up in a uni
form way, and they must be so packed as
not to get wet when exposed to the heavy
rains that fall in those countries at fre
quent intervals. Oil paper must be used
to line the cases, and the packages must
not be too large to. be conveniently carried
on the backs of burros, one of the chief
mediums of transportation in those coun
tries, as most of the goods imported has to
be taken over the mountains. "The Ger
mans will put up packages exactly as
required by the trade, while the Ameri
cana are perfectly indifferent in this mat
ter. One man in Guatemala said he had '■■
quit ordering from Americans simply be
cause they paid no attention to his request
for the style of packing. These are ap
parently little things, but they count for a
great deal under the circumstances. The
Americans have never catered to that
trade."
As illustrating how the Germans heeded
the requirements of the trade Mr. Hinton
relateu how two packages of dry goods
imported from Germany fell into the bay
at Colon while a vessel was unloading and
how they were taken out without the con
tents having suffered the least damage,
though the cases were in the water for
some hours.
'•The business of the Central American
•republics, 1 ' continued Mr. Hinton, "has
increased enormously in the last five
years, due to the impetus given to coffee
crowing by high prices, and naturally the
business between the republics and the
United States has increased, but the ratio
of increase is infinitely smaller than it
has been with Germany and England. We
are doing about one-third of the import
business in those countries, when by vir
tue of our position and the politicaraffin
ity between these republics and the United
States we should be doing not less than
three-quarters of it.
"Two lines of steamers known as the
Cosmos and Kirsten lines are running to
Pacihc Central and South American ports
direct from Germany via Cape Horn.
Each line runs one steamer a month, and
they find ample cargo to ke«p them em
ployed, as they have been running for
many years.
"Part of my mission to Central America
was to see if part of the traffic now moving
via the Horn cannot be diverted to the
P«r.ama Railway. By our route there
would be a considerable saving of time,
and this is an important factor in handling
the coffee crop. The Panama Company is
going to build a fine pier at La Boca— the
month to the projected Panama canal — so
as to allow deep-water vessels to transfer
cargo direct to the cars of the road and so
do away with lightering or the carrying of
cprgo from ships to the shore by means of
freight barges, as is now done. This will i
greatly facilitate transportation, and not j
only cheapen it to some extent, but will I
save considerable time, always a matter of
importance in transportation. This prnc
ticc of lightering has been a serious draw
back in securing through business via the
isthmus. The railroad itself is in line phy
sical condition, the ties being all of lignum
vitae wood, and there is ample rolling
Ftock to take care of all the business that
may demand handling."
••Little Fires."
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. W. A. Gardi
ner will deliver an address before the Young
Men's Christian Association at their hall, Ma
son and Ellis streets, on the subject. "Little
Fires." Mr. Gardiner presents his subject in a
most able, interesting manner and never fails
to please his audience. Seats free to all young
men.
>, « ♦■ ■• •—
Every man should read the advertisement of
Thomas Slater on page 26 of this paper. . .' ■,
WITH THE WHIST-PLAYERS.
A few of the students of the Trist Dupli
cate Whist Club are trying all the fads
that the "whist wind" (as Mrs. Atwater
calls it) blows this way. One that seems
to have more merit than the balance com
bined, and is no doubt a trick-winner, is
the irregular opening lead from your best
suit to call for a trump leart through an
honor turned. The team in practice that
hopes to represent the club at the Brook
lyn Whist Congress has extended the
principle a little.
The modus operandi is as follows: First
we will etate the principle, which is:
When you are the opening or orieinal
leader and an honor is turned on your
right and you want to lead trumps, but
much prefer to have a lead of trumps come
to you through that honor, make a "call"
in your opening lead. This is done by
selecting a card from your strongest suit
which your partner wi,ll know is not a
conventional lead.
For example, you hold king, queen, ten,
nine, seven of hearts. Queen of clubs
turned to your right. If you opened with
the ten or nine it would, of course, be an
irregular lead and, no doubt, your partner
would know it at once. In making this
lead you ask your partner, when he gets
in, to lead you a trun>p, and the best one
he has, regardless of number.
The extension of this principle is: With
any other card turned, you being fairly
strong in trumps, you niake fhe irregular
1-ad from your best suit just the same.
You say, ""Partner, the minute you see
my suit is probably established get in, if
possible, and lead me a trump and in your
lead tell me how many you hold," the
usual way in answer to a call.
The following deal came in play at a
compass match at the Trist Duplicate
Club rooms visitors' night last week, and
is a beautiful illustration of this play.
Two north and south pairs, Mr. Singer
and Mr. Button, Professor Havard and
partner, who are trying this play, made
twelve tricks each; the most that was
made by any other pair playing the same
way was eight tricks:
B.— J. 9.
H.-A, K. 9, 4.
C.-X. 6, 6.
D.-A, 7, 3, 2.
P. -7. 6. 3. N# a-Q,8,4.2.
H. -Q. 10,8,5.3,2. w v H.— 6.
C.-4. w - *" C.-A, 8, 3.
U.-10, 6, 4. & D.-X, Q.J, 9,8.
S.— A, X, 10, 4.
H — J 7
C.-Q,'j,'lO, 9,7,2.
D.-6.
Four of Spades trumps. South to lead.
[The winning card is underscored.]
Trick. South. West. North. East.
1 S.-9. C— 4. C.-X. C— A.
2 D.-5. D.— 4. P.— A. i).-J.
S 8.-4. a— 3. B.— J. S.— 2.
4 .S.-10. S.— 6. S.-9. a-4.
6 .6.— X. 8.-7. D.— 2. S.-8.
6 .B.— A. H.— 2. D.— S. a— Q.
7 .C.-Q. H.— 3. C.-B. a— *
8 C— J. 11.— 6. C— 6. C— B.
9 .C— lo. H.— B. D.— 7. H.-6.
10 a— 7. D.— 6. H.-4. D.— B.
11 .C.— 2. D._ lo. H.— 9. D.— 9.
12 H.-J. H.— lo. H.— K. D.-Q.
13 H.— 7. H.— a H7£a. D.— X.
Score: N.-!s., 12; E.-W., 1.
In answer to an article in The Call a
few weeks ago Major-General A. W. Dray
son writes us as follows:
20 ASHBCTtTON ROAD. (
Southsea, Eng., May 7, 1896. )
To the Whist Editor of Ttte Call— Dear Sib: To
"Cavendish" is due the invention of the pen
ultimate from a long suit. I advanced on this
and introduced the penultimate from five, the
Hritejenultimate from six— in other words the
fourth best for the lead. (See page 85, "Art of
Practical Whist, 1879.") I cannot give you
the exact date when I first adopted this sys
tem of play, but it was about 1872 or 1873. I
had well tested its value before I wrote about
it. To call for trumps in- the original lead I
played as early a 9 1870, but I lim'ted this call
to when holding ace, king and small. I con
sidered that with other cards the call would be
puzzling as regards the lead. The "change of
suit" I first practiced in Nova Scotia about
OWNED BY BLACK HAWK
Edmund Collier, the Actor, Has
a Knife Once Carried by
This Chieftain.
Presented to Forrest for His Excellent
Interpretation of Indian
Character.
Edmund Collier, renowned in the theatri
cal world as a clever interpreter of the
legitimate, is now playing to large houses
in this City. He is the proud owner of a
scalping knife once the property of the
famous Indian chief Black Hawk:
It is not so much on this account that
Mr. Collier treasures the rusty, blood
stained blade of steel with its exquisitely
Knife and Sheath Presented by Black Hawk to Edwin Forrest.
carved handle of wood and brass, but
rather its later association with no less a
person than the eminent tragedian Edwin
Forrest.
The history of this relic of two kings,
king of the forest and king of the stage
in their day— is brief, but none the less in
teresting.
Forrest was playing in .Washington dur
ing a visit of Black Hawk and some of tne
lesser chiefs of his nation to the "Great
Father." The eminent tragedian was
starring at Foard's Theater, "Metamora,"
a history of King Phillip's war, being on
the board".
Black Hawk was prevailed on to attend
one performance, which pleased him so
much that he unbuckled bis warknife and
asked that it be given to Forrest. While
the last act was yet in progress Amos
Curoraings, then a newspaper correspond
ent but later a Congressman from New
York, made his way to the stage and pre
sented the knife herewith pictured to For,
rest.
The tragedian was deeply moved by the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
1880 and the "reverse discard" about the same
late. I quite agree with you in what you say
ibout some players losing two tricks to gain
jne by catching an honor. It does not pay to
work a gold mine when It costs you £5 to pro
cure an ounce of gold. Very sincerely yours,
A. \V. UraYSON.
It is a great surprise to ns that the
whist writers and players of this country
have so far paid little or no attention to
Drayson's "change of suit," and the "re
verse discard." The time will come when
both of these innovations will be gener
ally played and adopted. We .intend in
the near future to give them in our whist
column the attention they so richly de
serve. No whist authority lives whose
writings are more va'uable to the student
that General Drayson's.
QUEEIES ANSWERED.
No short-suit system is recognized as
good wiiist play. The whist editor of the
New York Sun is trying to raise heaven
and earth to find a way to pile up five or
six "short-suit bricks" so they won't
tumble down of their own weight. So far
bid case is hopeless.
The last book by Major-Generat A. W.
Drayson is "Whist Laws and Whist De
cisions." This book contains upward of
150 cases illustrating the laws of the game.
No whist library is complete without it.
John McKay of Calico, Cal., asks for in
formation about duplicate whist. John
T. Mitchell's book on duplicate whist will
give all the information asked for. We
would advise you to subscribe for
"Whist"; sample copies sent to all lovers
of the game free.
Is it considered good play to lead from
the tenace of ace, queen and others?
If this is the best suit you hold lead from
it without hesitation. There are a great
many persons who play at the game that
never want to part with a tenace, believ
ing they can make several tricks by hold
ing on to it. This class of players are like
fencers who parry well, but are afraid to
attack. No player of this kind can ever
expect to get into the front rank.
We are asked, "What is the penalty for
an exposed card?"
Under the American Whist League code
of laws there is no such terra used rs "ex
posed cards." This comes under the head
of "Cards liable to be called."
20. The following cards are liable to be
called by either adversary :
i. Every card faced upon the table otherwise
than in the reeular course of play, but not in
cluding a card led out of turn.
ii. Every card thrown with the one led or
played to the current trick. The player must
indicate the one led or played.
in. Every card so held by a pjayer that his
partner sees any portion of its face.
iv. All the cards in a hand lowered or shown
by a player so that his partner sees more than
one card of it.
v. Every c*rd named by the player holding
21. All cards liable to be called must be
placed and leit tace upward on the table. A
player must lead or piny them when they are
called, provided he can do so without revok
ing. The call may be repeated at each trick
until the card is played. A player cannot be
prevented from leading or playing a card liable
to be called. If he can get rid of it in the
course of play, no penalty remains.
As a rule, do not pass a trick that you
can win by trumping. You should never
expect to take two tricks with any one of
your trumps, and unless you are well up
in the game, and can place the winning
j card in your partner's hand, win the trick
when you cari. If you pass it, you should
be able to say, "If I pass this now, I can
take two to make up for it."
Yes, "Cavendish" will surely be at the
coming congress in Brooklyn. He will
reach New York about June 13 on the
Cunarder Lucania, and will return home
again on the 4th of July.
WHISTLETS.
Continued experiments with the low
lead from ace and four or more smail show
the lead of the small card (fourth best) to
be a winner, regardless of trump-holding;
and the lead is becoming more popular.
This changes the relative value of king or
queen in second band when only once
guarded. Should second hand treat these
cards in plain suits the same as trumps?
eloquent tribute to his acting, and turning
to Black Hawk, who with a retinue of his
famous warriors occupied a convenient
box, returned his thanks for the honest
compliment shown his genius. The great
Indian chief never moved a muscle during
the speech, but at the conclusion he
arose, and with a majestic wave of the
band said. "Great chief."
When Forrest died, all his personal ef
fects were sold at auction, Mr. Collier
finally securing Black Hawk's gift. The
present owner has made a vain effort to
trace the history of the knife beyond For
rest's Indian admirer. He ha? seen Rocky
Bear, who was with Black Hawk on the
occasion of the latter's visit to Washing
ton and his meeting with the great Thes
pian exponent, but further than the fact
that his superior had owned the knife for
"many moons," Rocky Bear could tell
nothing.
The blade of the knife is of unusual size
and flexibility. Its sides, now rusty by
reason of constant inactivity, show dark
splotches, closely resembling blood.
The blade is set in two pieces of brass,
with a highly ornamental wood carving
at the end. The front part of the handle
is embellished with a face like some myth
ological god, serpents trailing their sinewy
folds, making up a splendid background-.
The whoie is inlaid with mother-of-pearl,
creating the impression that it was the
work of the Aztecs.
Mr. Collier has been offered almost fab
ulous sums for this relic, but declares that
he would not part with it for any consid
eration. Mr. Collier has also come into
possession of the costume worn by John
McOullough in the first act of "Richard
ill." which he prizes very highly.
Suspicions Character* Arrested.
At an early hour yesterday morning Officer
J. F. Murphy, on Mission street, near 81xth,
met James Herbert and Joseph Rundling, both
you ng men, carrying a heavy package contain
ing clothes hooks, door bells and other articles
of house hardware. As they could not give an
explanation as to where they obtained the
stuff lie took them to the police station.- It is
believed that they are of the number who for
some time past have been entering and strip
ping vacant houges of nil portable valuables
which could be sold for junk. Owners for the
property found are wanted at police bead
quarters.
Howell, Whitfield & Hamilton will have
to revise their table of "probabilities."
President Theo Schwarz of the Ameri
can Whist League has issued a call for
the annual meeting of the executive com
mittee. It is to be held at the Oriental
Hotel, Manhattan Beach, Brooklyn, N. V.,
at 11 o'clock in the forenoon of Saturday,
June 20. Congress opens 00 the 22ct. j
A very unusual occurrence took place at
a whist table in the rooms of the San Fran
cisco Whist Club the other evening- The
hands given below were dealt, and • ten
tricks out of the thirteen were taken
by one suit— trumps. It occurring at a two
table duplicate game with the best players
in the club, makes it still more interesting.
The deal was as follows:
5.— 9, 8, 6, 5 :
H.-10, 9, 7, 6, 4
C.— None
D.-X, 9, 8,6 .
a-A, 10,4,3 f-^v: Sf"^ _
H.— A.J, 6, 2 w F 7T a*v in 1
c t\ <k ■ " ** Vi— A, X, 10, 7,
no J i. c 6, 5. 4,2 •
D.— Q, J, 4 s D.— lo, 3
B.— K, Q, 7, 2
H.-K, 8
C— J, 8. 3
D.-A, 7. 5, 2
4 diamonds tramps. North to lead.
T. E. Otis, president of the New Jersey
Whist Association and whist editor of the
Newark (N. J.) News, in an article of May
20th says:
"The Brooklyn Whist Club's 'con
gressional' team again defeated the short
suit team of the whist club of New York
City Friday evening of last week. It was
the modern game of whist (long suit)
against that camphor- soaked game that
was put away twenty years ago upon the
old-curiosity whist shelf. The individual
playing strength of the winners and losers
was about equal, with a slight advantage
as regards experience with the latter.
One of the brightest players of this New
York whist team remarked after this came
that in order to win against good players
they must change the system which they
now play."
R. B. Calley, president of the Linda
Vista Whist Club of Oakland, is visiting
the whist clubs of Portland, Tacoma and
Seattle. He reports great interest in the
game in the Northwest.
The Call suggests to the tournament
committee in charge of affairs at the
Brooklyn congress that they notify every
team or pair that enters a tournament
that they must" play their cards at the
whist table as the law directs — "well
toward the center of the table," and not
allow them to be dropped down on the
very edge.
R. F. Foster, whist, editor of the New
York Sun, says the whist-players of the
Union League Club in Philadelphia have
at last succeeded in getting permission to
indulge in their favorite game within the
i walls of the clubhouse. They have agi
! tated the card question for several years, 1
j but always unsuccessfully, it being the
j opinion of many members that cards of
I any kind would be followed by gambling
lin some form. In such clubs as restrict
I card games to whist, this has never been
the case. Whist is about the poorest game
in the world to gamble at.
The Trist Duplicate Whist Club of this
City has a very novel scheme on foot for
j entertaining Eastern whisters and giving
j them the style of game they prefer, or
! "whist as you like it." Since the organ
j ization of this prosperous little club the
! whist visitors from different parts of the
East who have been entertained have such
a. great variety of play the whist commit
tee found it necessary to arrange several
systems of polyglot play and have each
system numbered. The visitor is handed
these numbered cards, when he selects the
style of game he prefers; then he is pro
vided with a partner. The club is fortu
nate in this respect. They have one gen
eral all-round whist athlete who can .speak
the language of the game in seven different
tongues.
The '95-96 series of ladies' nights at the
great Hamilton Whist Club of Philadel
phia closed Monday evening, May 18, after
a long series of delightful whist evenings.
Mrs. Robert Lowrie won the Hamilton
souvenir for the high score of the season.
These enjoyable reunions will start in
again early in October. .
WANT CITY AMBULANCES
Business Men Advocate More
Funds for the Health
Department.
Advise the Establishment of a Chemi
cal and Bacteriological
Laboratory.
A large and representative committee
composed of members of the influential
organizations of the City, met Friday
afternoon at the Chamber of Commerce
and placed themselves on record as favor
ing an increased appropriation for the
Health Department and the establishment
of an efficient ambulance system, along
with a chemical and bacteriological labora
tory.
The set of resolutions drafted and by
whom signed appears below:
Retnlved, That it is the sense of the commit
tee appointed at the meeting held in the
Chamber of Commerce May 26, 1890, to dis
cuss the public health of the City and County
of San Francisco, that the Board of Supervisors
of said City and County should appropriate
the sum of at least thirty-four thousand eight
hundred ($34,800) dollars over and above the |
amounts and sums appropriated in the year
1895 for the Heulth Department, for such
additional inspectors and expenses as to the
Boßrd of Health shall seem expedient and j
necessary for the better preservation o£ the i
public health in this City; and further
Resolved, That it is the sense of this commit
tee that there should be established in this
City immediately an ambulance system of
four wagons, nt a cost not to exceed four
thousand (sHOOO) dollnr3, and that the same
should be maintained; and that there should
be established immediately a chemical and
bacteriological laboratory, at a cost not to
exceed three thousand ($3000) dollars.
Committee — S. H. Tacy of Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association, F. W. Dohrman,
president of Merchants' Association; H. D.
Keil of Merchants' Association, Fred Talbot of
Board of Trade, Albert Castle of Chamber of
Commerce, David Rich, president of State De
velopment Society; I. H. Morse of San Fran
cisco Kruit Exchange. A. Sbarboro of Wine
Association, J. W. H. Campbell of San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange, Charles Montgomery
of Hotelmen's Association. C. W. Tabor of
Milkmen's Association, Dr. Horatio Stebbins of
Unitarian Society, Hugh Craig, president
Chamber of Commerce and chairman of com
mittee: Isidor Jacobs of San Francisco Fruit
Exchange, secretary of committee.
GALLAGHER HEIRS AGREE.
They Accept »30,000 From tho Catholic
Church and Stop Litigation.
The heirs of Mrs. Ellen Gallagher have
ceased to contest the distribution of the old
lady's property. A compromise has been
reached and Archbishop Kiordan has agreed
to deed to the heirs property on the corner of
Fourth and Folsom streets, valued at $30,000
and bequeathed, with other real estate, to the
Catholic church by the deceased. This ar
rangement is said to De agreeable to all con
cerned.
When Mrs. Gallagher died a little over a year
ago she left nn estate valued at $180,000, over
which she had named Father Nugent as ex
ecutor. He applied for letters testamentary,
and the heirs entered a protest* claiming that
he had used undue influence in aeeuring a
large bequest for the church. The evidence
showed, however, that Mrs. Gallagher had acted
in accordance with an earlier expressed wish
of her husband.
The heirs were dissatisfied and again pro
tested, the recent compromise being the re
sult. Mrs. Gallagher's brother, James McCnl
lom of Ireland, her two nieces, Mrs. Rose Kelly
of Ireland and Mrs. J. Dowd of Philadelphia,
and her nephews, Peter Collins and James Col
lins of Philadelphia, are the only heirs. Their
living at a distance from this City was one of
the inducements to save expenses and com
promise.
SUTRO OPPOSED
TO EXTENSION
Suspicious of the Geary-
Street Road's Ap
plication.
SCORES THE COMBINE.
Its Grasping Propensities, He
Says, Grow With the Exten
sion of Its Lines.
ARROGANCE AND DEFIANCE.
These Said to Be the Staple Attributes
of the Market-Street Railway
Company.
If public and private opinion combined
•ount for anything, the application of the
jeary-street, Park and Ocean Cable Rail
•oad Company made to the Supervisors to
lave its franchise, which does not expire
mtil 1903, extended for fifty years will not
je granted. Under the franchise the
:ompany is given the right to run its cara
Tom Kearny street out Geary to Point
Lobos avenue, to Fifth avenue and to
3olden Gate Park. The application was
nade on the 18th inst., and was referred to
he Street Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors.
Mayor Sutro looks upon this move of
;he Market-street Railway combine as
mly another attempt to impose on the
public spirit of the community, and showed
considerable indignation in discussing the
matter.
'•So far as this application for an exten
sion of the Geary-street franchise is con
:erned t " he said, "it looks suspicious on
ts face for such an application to be made
seven years before the old franchise ex
pires.
"This is on a par with the insolence of
the Market-street Railway Company and
that of the Southern Pacific Company of
Kentucky, of which it is one of the out
growths.
"The Market - street company to-day
gridirons the City of San Francisco, and
as the system grows so does its grasping
propensities.
"Most of these franchises have been ob
tained by corruption and misrepresenta
tion, and to-day they defy the authorities
and even the courts in the enforcement of
the laws of the land. The proceedings
before Judge Wallace within the last few
days are a remarkable example of defying
the law, and great indeed must be" the
power which dares to ignore the 1/aw.
"Another flagrant instance of defying
public opinion has occurred within a few
weeks in the attempt of this company to
inflict hardships on its patrons by putting
in to operation its arbitrary mode of making
transfers. And now comes the demand
for the extension of a franchise which will
not expire for seven years.
''No ordinary company would dare to
ask such a privilege, but they not only ask
bu t generally manage to "enforce their
demands.
"It is high time that the citizens of San
Francisco associate themselves in clubs to
curb this overbearing company. It is true
we have a number of improvement clubs
which have lately been joined together in
an association, but they should be supple
mented again by additional clubs in all
parts of the City to guard the general in
terests of the people when they are en
croached upon.
"I believe there should be a solid and
bold opposition by aH our people against
the attempt to secure a new franchise for
the Geary-street road befoie the old char
ter expires. This action should be re
sented by all the people of this common
wealth."
Mayor Sutro evidently still feels consid
erable anxiety over the funding bill, as he
took the opportunity to express himself
as follows on that subject:
"The greatest scheme of plunder ever
attempted by this corporation is the
funipn^ biil of the Pacific railroads, ■which
is probably dead for this session of Con
gress. Notwithstanding the general be
lief to this effect and the news from
Washington, which has not yet been con
firmed, that the Senate Republican caucus
has resolved to let the funding bill go
over until next session, it will behoove
the friends of the people to keep their
eyes wide open until Congress has actu
ally acijourned.
"It is well known to men versed in the
tactics used by the lobby in Washington
that extensive and corrupt measures are
often purposely kept back until the last
hours of the session, when, in the mid
night and early hours of the morning, bills
have been smuggled through which do
one expected could pass.
"Huntington is still in Washington
with his hundreds of lobbyists, and if any
one knows that the last hours of Congress
are the most favorable for passing corrupt
jobs it is Huntington himself.
•'I do not think the funding bill can
pass, but there is a pare possibility that it
might, and only when Congress has ad
jburned shall we be able to breathe freely
again until the next session."
The process of stereotyping is nearly 120
years old.
NEW TO-DAY.
JL Gives Free
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups a | nd saucers, 3 plates,
1 vegetable dish, 1 salad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers,
3 table tumblers, butter dish,
Susrar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
5O C TEAS, any kind.
Colima Pure Spices,
Colima Baking Powder,
at
Great Americanlmportinrj Tea Co.
MONEY SAV'NG STORES:
1344 Market et. 146 Ninth si.
2510 Mission St. aiB Third st.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 9<>s Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
531 MontgoiiMtrjr ive. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3as9 Mission st*
53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
i3i San Pablo aye. 017 Broadway, Oakland
i3 5 5 Park St., Aiameda.
• . NEW TO-DAY-DRY 1 GOODS.
SWEEPING RlciS
INAUGURATE
OUR GREAT
SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE!
,We begin our Annual Summer Clearance Sale A MONTH EAR-
LIER THAN USUAL this year on account of the TREMENDOUS
QUANTITY OF GOODS TO BE DISPOSED OF which, owing to our
exceptionally enormous purchases and the extreme backwardness
of the season, is of such magnitude that WE ARE COMPELLED
TO SACRIFICE ALL CONSIDERATION OF VALUE to the impera-
tive necessity of forcing out this vast surplus at once.
Below are a few sample quotations from our Dress Goods and
Silk Departments which emphasize the fact that AS A MATTER
OF ECONOMY NO LADY CAN AFFORD TO MISS ATTENDING
THIS GREAT SALE EARLY, for the lines offered are ALL NEW,
FRESH, UP-TO-DATE STYLES, which have been marked down
for clearance to
A MERE FRACTION OF CURRENT RETAIL PRICES!
SILK DEPARTMENT!
.A.t 23 Cents *v "5T«.x-cl.
FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, marked down from 65c to 25c a yard.
A.t 28 Cents «, "ST^Mrd.
24-INCH CHECKED STJRAH. SILK, in black and cardinal, green and cardinal and
navy and cardinal, marked down from $1 to 25c a yard. :•*■.'
-A.t 38 Cents a. 7ET«-x*c3L.
24-INCH FANCY FIGURED AND STRIPED ENGLISH POPLIN, evening shades,
marked down from $1 to 35c a yard. .->;:::> V;
-A.t SO Cents a, Yard. - 'ryW-ki
FANCY STRIPED AND FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, marked down from 85c to 500
a yard.
-A.t GO Cents a, Tard.
FIGURED DUCHESSE SATIN, in black and cardinal and navy ' and gold, marked
down from $1 to 60c a yard. . : . .
-A.t 78 Cexxts «.• ""C"«,ard.
FANCY CHECKED TAFFETA SILK marked down from $1 25 to 75c a yard.
j3L.t OS Cexxts a. "7AX*d.. ■
BROCADED, FIGURED AND STRIPED SATIN, PEAU DE SOIE AND BENGA-
LINES, marked down from $1 50, $2 and $2 50 to 85c a yard.
*»- DRESS LENGTHS AND REMNANTS will be closed out at greatly reduced
prices.
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
.A.t S3 3 Cexxts.
3 cases 36 and 38 INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED DRESS GOOD 3, in plaid*,
_: ■.•;.- checks, mixed and figured effects, reduced from 50c to 25c a yard. .
-A.t 28 Cexxts.
2 cases 45-INCH ALL-WOOL BICYCLING SUITING, mixed effects, reduced from 60c
to 25c a yard. ':• ,h"
jAJt 38 Cexxts.
1 case 38-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NOVELTY SUITING, new designs, reduced from
50c to 35c a yard. ' .":>"*
i\-t 38 Cexxts.
2 cases 38-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL PINHEAD CHECKS, medium colorings, re-
duced from 50c to 35c a yard.
-A.*" 38 Cexxts.
3 cases 38-INCH ENGLISH FIGURED MOHAIR SUITING, full line of colorings,
. reduced from 60c to 35c a yard.
Si-'^Ssj/i-s .A.t SO Cexxts.
1 case 42-INCH ALL-WOOL SCOTCH HEATHERS, in navy, brown, green and wine
mixtures, reduced from 75c to 50c a yard.
At SO Cexxts.
1 case 48-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL, FANCY CASHMERE CHECKS, reduced from SI
to 50c a yard.
_A.t SO Cexxts.
2 cases 48-INCrf ALL-WOOL NOVELTY FIGURED SUITING, reduced from $1 to
50c a yard.
-A.t SO Cexxts. ,
1 case 45-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH BOMBAZINE SUITING, in Dresden effects
reduced from $1 to 50c a yard. .:?■:-,";**".'
-A.t 75 Cents.
lcaseso-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL SCOTCH CHEVIOT SUITING, in striped, mot-
tled and clouded effects, reduced from $1 25 to 75c a yard.
-A.* SO Cexxts.
3;cases INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL SERGE, reduced from 860
to 50fc a yard.
Ajt 08. SO.
27 NOVELTY MOHAIR SUITS, elegant designs, reduced from $15 50 to $8 50 each.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
-A.t 25 Cexxts.
37 pieces 39-INCH ALL-WOOL CA MEL'S HAIR, former price 50c, will be closed out
at 25c a yard. , ■ ...
AA. 38 Cexxts.
53 pieces 46-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, former price 65c, will be
closed out at 35c a. yard. .
.A-t 4O Cexxts.'
57 pieces 38-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACA, in a variety of designs, former
price 65c, will bo closed out at 40c a yard.
-A."t '45 Cexxts. ■ -'■■"•
27 pieces 40-INCH ALL PURE WOOL FANCY WEAVES, former price 75c, will be
closed out at 45c a yard.
.A-t SO Cexxts.
65 pieces 44-INCH ENGLISH NOVELTIES, Mohair effects, former price 85c, will be
closed out at 50c a yard. x
AJt SO Cexxts. ■ti"--U.t i "--U. ; '-
63 pieces 45-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS, former price 75c, will be closed
out at 50c a yard.
O^v- . .A.t 55 Cexxts. .. , ■:■■■,•■'■■
25 pieces 50-INCH ALL PURE WOOL BASKET WEAVE SCOTCH CHEVIOT for-
mer price $1, will be closed out at 55c a yard: . . ' .
TvAT^TTrQi'XVATQ r rQ Our recent GIGANTIC PURCHASE OF LADIES'
JLAJ/LEjO VVAIOIO. SUMMER WAISTS, comprising all the latest fash-
ionable shapes in SILK and WASHABLE FABRICS, will be cleared out AT ABOUT
HALF PRICE.
/ B/fp&y MURPHY BUILDING, /
: (/(/ Wit Street, corner oi Janes; /
2122
■^tpi ii_!fa'*^ nW^fcA r *-^*"'^____!r^"^^^^-™ ' f**~ _ s <x_. _._.
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. ■
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free
Dally and Sunday Cam., one we«>k, by carrier. .JO .
Dally and Sunday Cam., one year, by mall . . . 6.00 j
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. * 3.00 '
Daily scd Sunday Caix, three months by mall 1.50 \
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .69
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.&0
Wxkklt Call, one year, by mall 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ' If j
co, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTItA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
fan Francisco. California.
Telephone .' Main— lß69
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
839 Haye» street; open until 9:30 o'clock. _
713 J.ark'.i' street: open until 9:3oo'clocl£.
feW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock.
118 Moth street ; open until 9 o'clock. ' •.. .. ,.
OAKLAND OFFIC6 :
80S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and ' 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DA VIC M. FOLTZ, Special Agent. ,,•>-"
SUNDAY.. MAY 31, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It is once more appropriate to brag of
our climate. I
It looks as if Blanther would soon be a
back number.
We can now begin talking about the
Glorious Fourth.
Because fct. Louis does not ask for help
is no reason why San Francisco should not
give it. _ •
Yesterday we honored the heroic dead
and to-day once more we recall their
memory. . .' ' '•' "'";'■
What we really need is not more money
for street work, but more street work for
the money.
-•-
When law ceases to reform a commu
nity, it is time for the community to re
form the law.
Orators at the St. Louis convention will
make no reference to sweeping the country
like a cyclone.
In vetoing the river and harbor bill.
Cleveland has given another proof of his
devotion to Clevelandism.
With all its vigor a cyclone never makes
a clean sweep. It only musses things up
and scatters rubbish around.
«
Tnere is still enough of St. Louis left to
hold the National Republican Convention
and she will do it in good shape.
Send The Call to your Eastern friends
and let them learn the advantage of mak
ing their homes on this side of the
Rockies. .
Surely we may rejoice in our climate and
be glad to live where the sun does not kill,
nor the wind mark its pathway with de
struction.
Once more we remind our Eastern friends
that there is abundant room in California
for them, out of reach of winter blizzards
or spring cyclones.
It is, of course, a Republican year, but
the weather has succeeded in playing a
good many Democratic pranks in various
parts of the country. -/ ; .' : ■"■.
Unless the law interposes with a
prompter justice, the criminal element of
California may grow to be as destructive
as an Eastern cyclone.
Wherever you go this summer, you will
need The Call as a daily companion , to
keep yourself posted on local news and the
movements of your friends.
There will be soon nothing left of De
mocracy but the name, and judging from
the kind of names the leaders are now
calling one another even that will be a bad
■one.
The young and vigorous West should
certainly be able to prosecute a criminal
with as much force and effect as an old,
effete, precedent-ridden country like Eng
1 land.
After the mental excitement caused by
the crimes and disasters of the past week
the sermons of to-day will come like strains
of sacred music restoring to the public
mind calmness and peace.
The racket among the Democrats of
Alameda County has produced such con
fusion it is impossible to say which faction
has got most of its Irish up, and which
is most noisily raising its Foote to kick.
As the cyclone-breeding winds of the
Mississippi Valley seem to have their ori
gin in the heated arid regions every blast
they * blow is another argument for the
speedy adoption of a system of irrigation
on a large scale. _
In the reports from St. Louis the United
Press again showed its superiority over
the Associated Press in both fullness and
accuracy of information, and thus another
illustration was given of the advantage of
taking The Call.
We are promised that in the glass work
of the dome of the City Hall we are at last
' to have something in the building to be
proud of, and in that promise we may re
joice for a while, but don't bet on it. Bet
ting is a bad practice.
In speaking for all The Call may at
times offend some who wish to hear only
one side, but never any who wish to know
all that is going on in the world and feel
capable of judging for themselves the
merit of any and every cause. '
St. Louis announces she can take care of
her stricken people without aid from other
cities. That is the American way. Self
help is the motto of us all. We can sym
pathize not only with those of St. Louis
who have suffered by the storm, but with
those who promptly have stepped forward
to help them, without asking others for
assistance in the work.
• The J fearful disasters caused by the
cyclones have distracted attention from the
forest fares east of the Alleghanles, but
these have nevertheless been both exten
sive and destructive. " They have occurred
all the way from Virginia to Massachu
setts, and in the latter State have de
stroyed many historic landmarks, includ
ing the summer home of Longfellow, near
2fafaant. ' v ; 
THE SURVIVING VETERANS
The thoroughness with which Memorial
I day was celebrated in all sections of the
I coun try yesterday is an evidence of the
bold which the significance of the day has
taken upon the minds of the people. It is
no longer questionable whether or not the
celebration of the day will survive the
('.rand Army that established it. It has
become recognized as one of the solemn
• ceremonial days of the Republic and as
i such will be honored as long as the Uepub
i lie endures.
At the present time the surviving veter
ans of the Grand Army of the Republic
are the most coiispicuous feature in eveiy
celebration of the day. They determine
all the details of the proceedings and or
der the course of every exercis? of the cere
mony. It is right and proper that they
should do this, and it is with a feeling of
sadness that the loyal citizen looks for
ward to the time when the survivors of
the veterans shall be too few and too weak
with old age to conduct tbe observances of
the solemn ceremony. When that time
comes we may be sure that some fit way
will be found to celeDrate the day and
keep the memory of the Grand Army hon
ored in the public mind. In the mean
time we have these veterans with us and
our thoughts should be not only how to
honor the dead but how to show due re
gard for the welfare of those who are yet
alive.
As the years pass the survivors of the
armies that maintained the Republic for
our benefit grow weaker and less fitted to
engage successfully in the hard struggle
for existence. Not a few of them despite
their industry and economy have been by
an adverse fortune baffled in their attempts
to acquire a competency. These men see
old age approaching with a fear they never
felt at the oncoming of the hosts of Lee or
Johnson. That fear it should be the duty
of the Republic to banish. These men
gave their property and offered their lives
that the Union might live. Is it any more
than just that out of its abounding wealth
the Union should see to it now that they
live out their remaining years in peace
and honor?
A pension to a veteran of the war that
saved the Nation is an honor not only to
the hero who receives it as a reward of
patriotism and valor, but also to the peo
ple who confer it. No country save Amer
ica has established a day for the people to
commemorate the deeds and decorate the
graves of the heroic dead. That fact counts
in our honor. It is equally to our honor
that no people have ever been so liberal in
pensions to veterans. We have thus done
well so far in the fulfillment of the duty
loyalty imposes upon us. More, however,
remains to be done. The carper and sneerer
at honorable pensions must be silenced.
We must raise ourselves as a people to
that height of patriotism which will loy
ally guard the old age and the weakness of
every veteran and guarantee him comfort
for his declining years and the reverence
of the youth of the land.
AN EPIDEMIC OF CRIME
An epidemic of crime has a hold upon
this community, and the community is
not wholly blameless for it. Not that the
public would or does purposely encourage
crime, but it is apathetic. Doubtless, too,
the conrtu do not intentionally impeae the
adminfstration of law, but they do. At
least they permit the process of inflicting
punishment to be impeded by absurd
technicalities until the public has lost in
terest, when the culprit, if not acquitted,
is let off with a degree of punishment that
ia little better than a farce.
It ia the fact that one, especially one
with money, maj - boldly commit almost
any kind of a crime with reasonable assur
ance that his punishment will be light, if
he is punished at all. That under such
conditions crime is fostered there can be
no doubt whatever, and that the public is
in a measure responsible for such condi
tions cannot be denied.
When courts permit the letter of the law
to prevail and allow the spirit and real
purpose of it to be trampled under foot
they invite the commission of crime, and
if they do not incur the indignation of an
outraged community the machinery of
I justice goes on assuring criminals that
loopholes may be found everywhere
through which escape is not at ail dilhcult.
"The law's delay" is the premium
which the law gives to the criminal, but
lit is not the fault of tbe law itself
J but of those who administer it that its op-
I eration is delayed, obstructed and finally
made of no avail.
The will of the people is the supreme
law, and whether publicly expressed or
not, the courts should understand that
they trample upon law, order and justice
and invite the commission of crime con
trary to the will of the people and to the
injury of society when they permit the
law to be handicapped by technicalities, or
trickery, which is a better word.
Criminals should be made to know that
the law is able and determined to permit
no shilly-shallying or dilly-dallying; that
swift and ample punishment shall follow
close upon the heels of crime, and that the
hours between the apprehension of the
criminal and the vengeance of the law are
short.
POLITICS AND POLITICS.
Politics means the science as well as the
art of government, and government is for
the enlargement and protection of such
agencies as shall aid its people to asrend
to higher and wider levels of individual
freedom. Theoretically, politics aims at a
condition of society which puts no re
straint upon the conduct of its members
except the one of careful observance of tbe
rights of others; but meanwhile it is in
cumbent upon every one to participate in
all the public efforts of the people to resist
the introduction of theories of govern
ment that are calculated to establish an
aristocracy on tbe basis of material wealtb.
True aristocracy is based upon true pa
triotism, and true patriotism is watchful
ness lest something impede tbe upward
march of the people. The greatest man in
a community is he who is most solicitous
in thought and deed for the advancement
of all the people in the direction cf ethical
culture and love of right and justice.
Practical politics means, generally
speaking, a government resting upon
trickery, the spoils of otlice and the con
centration of the money supplies in the
hands of a few. Practical politics means
graded political bosses from the ward on
up to those who prepare declarations of
principles for the purpose of casting them
aside when they have served the purpose
of gulfing the people. Bat while this is
true, it is true only because the majority
permits it to be so.
The country is now on tbe eve of a great
political struggle. One party has avowed
its opposition to the advancement of our
people in ways that lead to ownership of
homes by the industrial or labor class by
advocating the withdrawal of all obstacles
in the way of the marketing of foreign
pauper-made commodities in this coun
try, thus preventing the acquisition of
tbe very agencies which make a peo
ple true and good. That is prac
tical politics, because it contemplates
holding the people where the boss system
is the easiest to enforce ; besides, nothing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
would so weaken, the hand of practical pol.*
tics as the code of ethics which an inde
pendent, prosperous wage-earning people
naturally adopt. The man who feels that
he i.s protected and encouraged in his
efforts to own his own house is a far better
man than he who is apprehensive that his
job will be taken away from him by wage
cutting interlopers.
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
It has come to this: the conntiy will
nevpr again trust the Democratic party.
In 1884 there was a suspicion abroad in
the land that the Republican party had
fallen into the hands of a coterie of pro
fessional politicians who had their own
personal interests more at heart than the
country's welfare, but, although Cleveland
was elected President, the people took the
precaution to protect themselves by re
fusing to let the Democracy have both
houses of Congress. The election of Cleve
land was an experiment, but he was so
handicapped by an opposition Congress
that he could do nothing but parade him
self as one who only needed full authority
to show what mighty things he would do
for the people.
In 1838 Cleveland was relegated to private
life,. not so much because of anything he
had done, but because the old suspicion,
that the Democracy could not be trusted,
was aroused. But he had his heart set on
another term, and himself ana friends,
who, it has since transpired, are the worst
element of the party, began with great
assiduity to give it out that, although Mr.
Cleveland was a Democrat, he and his ad
visors were much better than their party;
that he cared nothing for the traditions of
the "party of Jefferson and Jackson," and
that he was fully abreast of, if not in ad
vance of, the spirit of the times. All dur
ing President Harrison's administration
the country was treated to the "better than
his party" song.
In 1892 the people concluded to not only
reinstate Cleveland in the White . House,
but they would give him a Congress of his
own party, that be might have full and
unhampered opportunity to apply the
lofty principles of government about
which he had said so much. The
people were honest and sincere
in what they did, although no
one could advance a valid reason why a
change should be made in the politics of
the administration. Well, the change was
made and lo the result! Cleveland long
ago proved himself very much of a wolf in
sheep's clotning. Scarcely had the echo
of his voice died away after taking the
oath of office when he and his confreres set
themselves to revolutionize and overturn
the very basic principles of the economic
and financial policy which had swelled the
Nation's wealth from 115,000,000,000 to $70,
000,000,000 in a little more than a quarter
of a century. Not only, so, out in three
years he has managed to increase the pub
lic debt, principal and interest, over $500,
000,000, besides greatly crippling every in
dustry by allowing Europe to undersell us
in our own markets.
It is hard to say whether the misfor
tunes which Cleveland's administration
has created and scattered over the coun
try are attributable to Democratic inca
pacity or only in part and part to malicious
intent. Certain it is, however, that the
material strength of the" country has been
enormously weakened by the business pan
ics which was one of the tirst fruits of his
"better than his party" policy. Hut in
vetoing the river and harbor bill . Mr.
Cleveland appears to have been guided by
the spirit of hatred. It was in no sense a
political measure. It was for the better
ment of the harbors and waterway* of the
country ;, for the good of every |>ha«e and
feature of commerce. It was a National
and not a sectional matter, and from a
business point of view it is impossible* 5%
see how a reasonable excuse can be given
for refusing improvements that are of such
vital importance to every one from the
most obscure laborer to the most exten
sive business enterprise. The people of
the United States are not deserving of this
Egyptian-like plague. J'.ut, fortunately,
the end is near, and, moreover, the people
will never again trust the Democratic
TRUE CHEVALIERS THEY ARE.
A true knight is every one of the men of
•proud though stricken St. Louis. Only the
noble chevalier could stand amid the
wreck and ruin of such a catastrophe and,
in the confidence of his own might, say,
"I thank you sincerely, but whom the
god of the winds have visited in liis
wrath are mine and mine to care for. Let
me have your sympathy for my stricken,
but of my own store, which is ample, they
snail have enough."
Money by the tens of thousands has
been offered to St. Louis in sweet charity s
name, and warehouses of food and cloth
ing have been thrown open with hearty
invitation to take freely without charge,
but with that humility which be
comes true greatness all such offers have
been with profound gratitude refused.
Here we have a beautiful exemplification
of- the heroic and sublime character of the
citizens of an American city lying in the
shadow of » great calamity. Surely the
people of St. Louis represent in themselves
the full fruitage of the spirit of grateful
independence which is the heritage of the
brave.
Not that every American would not like
to have contributed something to gladden
the heart of every member of St. Louis'
family, but there is compensation in the
refusal of aid in beholding the lofty char
acter of these our neighbors and friends.
HAREITY`S OPINION.
Some of the members of the Demo
cratic National Committee are reported
to be of the opinion that when a
delegate - elect threatens to bolt when
the convention declares for certain
principles, he is not entitled to a Beat at
all. Whether this "opinion" is given as a
prelude to a forthcoming order to shut out
silverites like Boies, Bland and Tillman,
wbo say they will not be bound by. a
single-standard plank, or whether it is
pimply a scarecrow which the goldbugs
have thrown to the wind, would be hard
to bay. But, anyway, the Eastern bosses
are beginning to Bee the glaring fact that
the majority of the delegates so far elected
are not only silverites, but that they in
tend to have the convention commit the
party k> the free and unlimited coinage of
silver with present ratio, even if by bo
doing the party is split wide open.
There never wa9 such an internal com
motion in the Democratic party as now,
and since no Democrat possessing a grain
of common-sense expects to elect their
nominee, it look 3 very much as if the
leaders intended to smash things right
and left. The fight is really between
Clevelandism and Democracy, as the rank
and file understand Democracy, and no
doubt the time has come for the party to
engage in a scrapping match which shall
be confined to its own members. It will
amuse the public, so let the ball open.
Despite her stricken homes St. Louis did
not fail to honor Memorial day, and amid
the personal bereavement of her people
remembered to show a patriotic regard lor
the memory of the Nation's defenders.
What is True Companionship?
The highest expression of the Soul of the
Universe where physical environment* arbi
trarily obtains is in true companionship. It is
true that humanity is one great indivisible
commr.-.ity of individualities, and every one
is in soue degree responsible for the conduct
of life of every other one. But without ever
releasing from the obligations which human
ity—wide kinship iruDOies, there is a divinely
appointed relationship which transcends the
demands of the ties of consanguinity and of
universal brotherhood.
The heart, in>)bedience to the law of its own
nature in reflecting an attribute of Deity, goes
out in search of its other self, so to speak, and
there is restlessness of tne spirit until con
tentment, which lies in the harmony of kin
dred aspirations, is found. However deep and
wide the fountain of human affection may
flow, its waters return as the rain returns to
the sea when their seeking for companionship
is not rewarded by full realization. That
which stimulates desire for companionship is
the same Cause that stands behind natural
law, but its highest manifestation is not bound
to or by physical substance.
fee this understood: companionship gathers
happiness from peace and not peace from hap
piness. The incentive behind every human
desire and passion, ana for which effort is
made, is hope of happiness, but happiness is
illusive if it does not come as the harvest of
the contentment of peace. Thus, one may
think he will secure happiness by avenging a
wrong done him, or he may think he will find
happiness in the possession of things obtained
contrary to sound and honest commercial us
ages. He will find it, but it will be his lower
nature and not the real man; moreover, such
happiness, being U»e offspring of evil inclina
tions and evil acts, is restless under the
searching eye of conscience.
The companionship of evil creates and fur
nishes moral ana mental commotion, conse
quently its product is the antithesis of spirit
ual peace. Every companionship is the fruit
of the intermingling of sympathetic mental
forces, and that which accrues therefrom
makes easier or harder the journey of life.
Happiness that comes of willful wrongdoing
poisons and causes the fruit to decay and the
journey to become wearisome. Those who
complain because the flowers on their way lose
their fragrance, the grass withers and the road
grows steeper and rougher, seek happiness first
and peace afterward. It is their own fault that
they are not in the Path.
Butaome will say the mind and body are in
separable, and that the body exerts an influ
ence coequal with the mind iv seeking com
panionship. They are mistaken. Tbe mind
and body are separate and distinct factors in
what is called individualized lives, such as
man, and although their relations are intimate
and co-operative, the mind dominates the
body in all things. In truth the body may be
said to be merely the instrumen. employed by
the mind to accomplish given ends which
could not be reached without co-operative
physical agencies. Not only «o, but the mind
is largely responsible for the state of the body's
health. The body could be diseased, however,
and the mind Temain uninfluenced, except
that its activity might be lessened.
It is a common saying that "the mind is im
paired by overwork," or that it is "diseased,"
but neither could be true. The mind has no
conception of the meaning of the' words
"tired" and "diseased" as concerning itself.
The mind's physical instrument, the brain,
may become impaired, but to say the mind is
, impaired is to say that God could be impaired.
In a sense tbe body, like the mind, is an attri
bute of Deity, but the body may be dissolved
and analyzed, whereas the mind cannot be ap
prehended at all except by consciousness. It
is consciousness that makes one say "myself,"
meaning something quite distinct from his
legs and arms and brain.
Mind is in vibration all the time, as is the
physical body; but there are two kinag of
mental vibrations, one constructive and the
other destructive, mid they are potent for good
and for harm. Vibrations that proceed from
the truly moral mind are constructive and are
calculated to foster resolves in the minds ot
others to cultivate desire to lead a correct life.
On the other haud, vibration* proceeding from
anger, hatred, greed, avarice, licentiousness
and the like are destructive, and their possi
bilities for harm are alarmingly great. Hence
I'hyik-al condition, as to inviting eonta
glons and infectious diseases, more especially,
>■ largely a r»-tH-t tion of the state of tbe mind.
I ue, however, that an ideal physical body
may have a very depraved mind— the prize
fighter, for instance. But, after all, it Is not a
healthy body, for artificial methods are em-
I to bring it up to "lighting trim," and it
<'ol lapses as soon as it is left to ordinary care.
Every one is sending out constructive or de
smirtivo vibrations— mental vibrations—con
tinually, and 1 believe that true companion
ship is more conducive to uninterrupted con
structive vibratious than any other condition
into which the mind and heart can be letched.
One mutt know the law of ethical causation
to reach the blesseduesaof true companion
ship. The wisdom of Job was great and his
soul bubbled over with sublime poetry, but he
was an uncompromising pessimist and an ag
nostic. He was sure that the tree would sprout
again aud put forth branches if it were cut off
from among its companions, tut "if a uiau
dies shall he live again?" He asked that quev
tiou sincerely, no doubt, and yet the doctrine
of Karma, aud reincarnation, in fact, was his
theme, only that it stopped at the new
branches ot" the tree. Hence, he knew nothing
of true coinpanioush<p because he did not ob
serve the cord which bound ills life to the life
in the tree below and to the Eternal Cause
above.
Tn»-.re is nothing mysterious or vague about
true companionship. Each party to it feels
like two personalities— two selves in one— with
co-equal aii't co-existent inspirations and as
pirations, or mutual identification with God.
In true companionship the highest attributes
of the soul express themselves with enthusi
asm, yet with simplicity always, but never
fragmentary. The deepest problem of life finds
its solution in such relationship. There is no
religion in such companionship: it is higher,
broader, deeper than religion, but its faith is
as boundless as eternity. It is under law, cer
tain, as Is everything animate and inanimate,
but true companionship is in harmony with
law.
Buddhist metaphysicians define this law as
that "which is without name, or color, or
hands or feet; which Is smallest of the least,
and largest of the large; all, knowing all
things; which hears without ears, sees without
eyes, moves without feet, and handles without
hands."
In the soul of man it is called "Inspiration,"
in the mind of man it is called "aspiration,"
in the heart of man it is called "love," and in
the highest relation between soul and soul it
is called "true companionship."
In the field, in the forest aud upon the water
it is called "nature," in the worlds and system
of worlds it is called "Supreme intelligence,"
but at its last analysis it is the "divinity of
God," which is everything.
And the soul of everything says : "Cultivate
a passion for truth, for art, for order, for th«s
new, for the mysterious, fcr the creative, for
the unknown, for the unselfish, for the uni
versal, for the immortal, for the divine."
To be at one with true companionship Is to
be at one with the Father. Some philosophers
call it "Platonic: love." Armokd.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Five members, iucluding Mr. Chamberlain,
of the House of Commons, have been married
three times.
Bir John Gorat is usually regarded as a
modest man, but there is probably only one
scarlet bicycle in London, and he owns it.
The Dufce of Devonshire says that "after
dinner speeches are made by thoie who don't
wish to speak to those who don't wish to hear."
Mr. Jefferson, the English cyclist, has ar
rived at St. Petersburg from England, haviug
ridden across Europe in forty days, including
ten days' rest.
Sir John Pender, one of the leading pro
moters of ocean telegraphy, has resigned his
seat in Parliament. He is paralyzed and
speechless.
In Parliament recently Mr. Murnaghan,
member of Tyrone, on being stopped by the
Speaker, said: "1 bow, sir, to your ruiin«, and
merely beg to reiterate what I was about to
observe."
A South African millionaire gave a dinner in
London recently, at which every lady was pre
sented atdeisert with a large uncut diamond
from the South African mine in which the
millionaire was interested.
MEMORIAL DAY.
I hear the trill of the bird of peace
And the song of the child at play
By the emerald hedges of Galnos's MM
That were red in Cold Harbor's day.
And I see fair hands strew vernal blooms
O'er a grave of the dead unknown,
And the tears will come in the spite of pride,
For my heart has a tale of its own.
To that unknown grave will 1 lead my child
And there will the story tell
now his grandsire fought at the cannon's mouth
And, nobly lighting, fell;
How bis tomb was the purple trench of war,
In Virginia's soil dug deep,
Wb ere the sentinel grasses their lonely watch
Forever and aye may keep;
How hi<t name shall live while a patriot pulse
Shall beat in this land of ours—
If is writ on the scroll of fame, and framed
J v the glory of deathless flowers.
And the child may say, as bis sire has said,
"What recks it the unknown grave
When his cherished, deeds embellish the tale
Of tub laud he died to save?"
It was there on the hedges of Galnes'f Mill
In our righteous cause he sank;
And blessings 'rose from the hero-seed
Of the blood Cold Harbor drank.
And wild flowers blovf and grasses wave
Near tbe hedge where he, lifeless, lay,
Where a bird is trilling his peace-song now,
And a. child, la merry at play.
Charles D. South.
PERSONAL.
Dr. D. E. Nash of San Jose is in the City.
Dr. Walbauer of Germany is at the Palace.
Dr. Osborne of St. Helena arrived here yester
day.
Dr. S. K. Dunlap of Ban Jose Is at the Com
mercial.
Fred McKally, of Rand &McNallyof Chicago,
is at the Palace.
G. H. Rollinson of London is among the re
cent arrivals here.
W. Sylven of Washington, D. C, waa among
yesterday's arrivals.
F. C. Marden, a business man of Ilwaco,
Wash., is in the City.
H. W. Judson of Sacramento, Deputy State
Treasurer, is at the Grand.
Charles M. Colgan of the State Board of
Equalization is at the Lick.
Colonel T. B. Rickey of Carson waa among
the arrivals here yesterday.
Sheriff T. M. Brown of Humboldt County is
among the arrivals at the Kuss.
C. R. White, a wealthy land-owner of Idaho,
is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
R. A. Curtin, a well-known Stockton resi
dent, is a gueat at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
M. A. Covarrubias, United States Marshal for
the Southern District of California, is at the
Palace.
W. Forsyth, who for a long time has been In
terested in raisin-growing at Fresno, is at the
Occidental.
C. B. Anderson and E. H. Potter of New
York, representing large mining interests in
this State, are guests of the Rainona.
H. L. Harding, a widely known mining man
of Deuver, who has for some years been buy
ing ores in all parts of the West for smelters, is
at the Palace.
William H. Eddings, City Treasurer of Van
couver, Wash., and his family are at the
Ramona, en route on a tour in Southern
California and Mexico.
L. H. Griffith, formerly engaged in the
banking and brokerage business at Seattle,
and laterly interested in streetcar franchises
and otier enterprises in Guatemala, is in the
City.
Among the arrivals here from Paris yester
day were a number of French naval officers,
who are en route to join their vessels in Tahiti.
They were E. T. Geerelay, Joseph Figand, E.
Deman and Pierre Carich, and all will sail on
the next steamer.
\V. E. Hall of Fowler, formerly clerk for Chief
of Police Crowley and now engaged in raisin
growing in Fresno County, is at the Ross. He
owns interests in mining property in Shasta
County, which he is now developing, in com
pany with Mr. O'Brien of Marysville.
Joseph S. Spear Jr., the business man, promi
nent in Republican politics, left for Ohio last
night on special invitation from Governor Mc-
Kinley. He is to be the guest of the Governor,
it Is said, and will consult with him on
political matters.
LADY'S GATHERED WAIST.
Green organdy with black rings is the mate,
rial employed in the above gown. The belt
aud collar are ot black and green taffetas cut
on the bias and hemmed by hand.
A gown of plaid batiste had the body of plain
batiste witn embroidered bands* of the same,
let in crosswise. A green taffetas lining showed
through, matching one of the colors in the
plaid. The collar and belt were of this silk.
A dress of dark green mohair made after this
model had the body of the waistof embroidered
batiite over violet silk, with belt and cuft« of
violet and green shaded ribbon. The sleeves
of this were made without the ruffle, being a
plain full puff uver a fitted lower sleeve of the
batiste over silk.
A simple dres's of brown linen had a body of
batiste with cross-Dar stripes of bright colors,
the sleeves being of the plain linen, collar and
Deltof turquoise blue satin matching one of
the stripes.
A serge dress of black had a full body of
Persian silk with a deep ruffle of black chiffon
at the neck, which hung in points over the
sleeves, back and front; belt and collar of the
silk.
This model is adapted alike for silk, wool or
cotton fabrics. The waist has a fitted lining
with a puff ending in a ruffle at the elbow.
The fitted sleeve may be omitted below the
elbow, as shown in the large figure. Or tbe
puff may be made without the ruffle. The
belt is the new wide folded style. The waist
buttons in front.
The skirt has a circular front with three
gores in the back, which may be pleated or
gathered.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
AN Agent— E. 11., City. For information in
relation to the amount of license charged
agents doing business in Mendocino, Sonome
and Hurnboidt counties you will have to writa
to the County Clerk of each county.
Pomology— P. A. S., Healdsburg, Sonoma
County, Cal. If you wish to communicate
with the division of pomology of the Depart
ment of Agriculture, Washington, D. C, ad
dress your letter to G. B. Highes, chief of the
division.
tandard Books— P. A. S., Healdsburg, Cal.
As this department does not advertise any
th.ng itoannot publish the titles of the best
standard books on bee-keeping. Any book
dealer will furnish you a list, together with
the prices.
Sacked Babk— P. A. 8., Healdsburg, Sonoma
County, Cal. There is no particular history
attached to the sacred bark of California. It
was a belief of the old-time Mexicans and
Bpanitrds who lived in California in the very
early times that this bark if boiled would pro
duce a liquid that was a sure cure for leprosy.
Fillkd Chekse— B. L., City. Filled cheese
bears the same relation to genuine cheese
that butterine or oleomargarine does to butter.
In making filled cheese the, butter is ex
tracted from the milk and neutral oil from
lard Is substituted. In other words, •* per
cent of cream or butter is extracted from the
milK and 3 per cent of neutral oil is used to
replace it. The result is what is known as
"filled cheese."
Twenty-Dollab Piece— G. W. S., City. Deal
ers in coins do not mPKe any offer for a $20
niece of 1850, but they charge for such from
$25 to $30. That will give you an idea of the
value of such a coin.
NUtr Steamers— H. D., City. The North Ger
man Lloyd new steamers now being built at
Stettin and at Danzig are six in number: twr
of tue^e will be 625 feet long, will be of 2r,-0002 r,
000 horsepower, ana it is calculated that they
will make 22 knots an hour. They will •ot be
ready for launching until next May. The di
mensions of the other vessels are smaller.
Diving and Plunging— Readers of The Call,
City. In diving, if the water is perfectly taken,
a clean dive or header is made. The descent of
a good diver is between three and four feet;
that of a clumsy one is between seven and
eight feet. The divers tor sponges and divers
for pearls go down from thirty to forty fathoms
by means of a stone, which helps to take them
down. In plunging swimmers go down to a
great depth. The record for plunging? is, from
a springboard five feet above the surface of the
water, 73.1 feet, and from a fixed board three
feet six inches above water 76.3 feet.
Imports and Exports— W. J. H., San Diego,
and A., Stockton,' Cal. In the issue of the 18th
of May was published in reply to a correspon
dent the value of foreign exports from the
United State* from 1890 to 1893 inclusive.
The answer was strictly correct, lor the corre
spondent did not ask for domestic exports.
The value of domestic exports for 1890 was
$835,293,828; 1891, $8/2,270,283; 1892,
#1. 015.732,011; 1593, $831,030,785; 1894,
1895. #793,392,599. These
amounts added to the figures already published
will give the total exports for each of the. years
named.
United States and Canada— A Subscriber,
Ci ty. The area of the United States, including
water as well as land surface, is given in the
census of 1890 as 3,602,990 square miles. The
area of the provinces that go to make up the
Dominion of Canada is. according to the States
man's Year Book for 1896, as follows: Prince
Edward Island 2000 square miles, Nova Scotia
20.550, New Brunswick 28,100, Quetwc 227,
500, Ontario 219,650, Manitoba 64.066. Britbn
Columbia 382,300, Territories and Arctic
islands 2,371,481; to these must be added
140,736 square miles for lakes, rivers, etc.,
making a total of 3,456,383 square miles.
McKinley— W. R., Philo, Caj. William Mc-
Kinley was born in Niles, Ohio, February 26,
1844. lie received an academical education,
served in the Union army during the Civil
War, entering as a private and retiring at the
close with the rank of brevet-major of the
Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers. He was ad
mitted to the bar in 1867 and settled in Can
ton, Ohio, to practice. He was Prosecuting
Attorney for Stark County, Ohio, from 1869 to
1871. He represented the Eignteenth District
of Ohio in Congress 187(3-88 and again in
1891. While in Congress he became the father
of the McKinley tariff, which became a law in
September, 1890. He was elected Governor of
Ohio by the Republicans in 1891 and re-eleoted
in 1893 by a majority of 81,000 and a plurality
of 21,511. He married the daughter of the
publisher of the Canton (Ohio) Repository, one
of the oldest newspapers in the country.
CmzKNBHiP— B. H., Li verm ore, and "One of
Them," City. One of these correspondents
writes as follows:
Under "Answers to Correspondents" in yester
day's issue, in reply to "W. A. F.," you state that
the male children of aliens born lv the United
States, and even the sods of Chinamen b«rn in
this country, are, on attaining their majority, to
all intent* and purposes American citizens and
can register and exercise the rights and privileges
of such.
Please inform me how the reverse of this propo.
sitlon works. Take the cas* of a, boy born,
say In Yokohama while his parents were on a
trip to tbe Orient, his father being an American
citizen. Can that boy wheii hf arrives nt maturity
register and exercise his prerogative as an Ameri
can citizen, or is he a Cbiuainan and ineligible for
the rights of franchise, in fact cannot land at ail in
the lirst place on these --Inhospitable shores" on
account of the "restriction act" unless his fond
parents can successfully smuggle him across
tlie lineT
Again, take the case of a boy born in Now York
of (icrnian parents temporarily in this country,
and who shortly after tliat event return with him
to the fatherland. Can that boy when 20 years of
age come back to the states and after one year's
residence register and vote as an American citizen?
If the ooy was born in Yokohama he would
not be a Chinaman, and would not be one of
the restricted class, as there is no restriction
as to natives of Yokohama, who are Japanese.
If the boy Was born to American parents while
th«y were traveling through China the boy
would be a Chinese by birth, but he would be
& citizen of the United titatt-s, for children of
American parents born abroad while the
parents are traveling through a foieign coun
try, with the intention of returning to the
United States to reside, arc recognized as
American citizens. If, however, the Ameri
can parents become residents of a for
eign country and children are born to
them, such children are citizens of the
country of their birth. In the case of "a boy
born in New York of German parents, tem
porarily in this country and who shortly after
that event return with him to the fatherland,"
that boy when he attains his majority must
elect what country he wishes to be a citizen of.
He must elect to become either a citizen of the
United States or a citizen of the country of nis
father. In the State of Caliiornia boys of
Chinese parents, born in this State, wbo have
attained their majority, have been registered
and have voted, in some of the Eastern States
it has been held that children of parents who
cannot become citizens of the United States,
though born in tne United States, are not en
titled to the franchise. There has sever been
a judicial opinion on this matter from the
highest tribunal In the land.
CURRENT HUMOR.
Roosevelt— What do you. mean by getting
drunk while gathering excise evidence ?
Officer— l gathered too much. They want
such a lot of evidence these days.
"I lee you don't know how to take a joke, 1 '
said the .contributor with facetious bitterness
as the editor handed back his witticism.
■■Try me with one and see," replied the ed
itor.
Dominie— l tell you, my dear, extravagant
gowns bring down a good deal of unhappiness
in the world.
Miss Bay (enviously)— Yes, indeed. Particu
larly upon those who can't have them.
Roly— l see they have at last proven the
identity of Jack the Hugger.
Poly— Yes; he turns out to be a bicycle
school instructor— New York World.
One morning; In the garden bed,
The onion and tne carrot said
Unto the parsley group:
"Ob, when shall we three meet again,
In thunder, light nine, hail or rain 7 "
"Alas," replied, in tones of pain.
The parsley, "in tho sonp."
—Drake's Magazine.
"I didn't sleep a wink last night; that
Tugby baby cried all the night before."
'•How did that keep you awake last
night?"
"You see, I waited until the Tugbys got to
bed, and then 1 played on my cornet until
daylight."— Chicago Record.
Bluebeard rolled his eyes fiercely.
"Ah!" he cried, "what's this I behold upon
the key— is it ber-lood?"
With a critical air his wife, bent nearer.
"I think not," she answered demurely
"you've probably been carrying it In the same
pocket with your fountain-pea."— New York
World.
"How lucky," said Mrs. Nuwed. "that I hap
pened to pass that cigar sale this morning.
These cigars are exactly the shade of George's
aew smoking jacket, and the cute little bands
around them will go with the lining beauti
fully. Men never think of these little things."
New York Press.
The foreigner-Did I understand you to
say that your friend was Lord Baron of Chi
cago ?
The American— No; I said he was a lard
baron.— lndianapolis Journal.
Prospective traveler— l suppose your road
has first-claw accommodations? I don't mind
telling you this is to be my wedding trip and
that is why I am so particular.
Ticket agent— Bless you, young man, our
road was built expressly for wedding trips. We
have a tunnel every couple of miles —New
York World.
Jenks— lf America had the Mayflower now
we could iweep England off the sea.
Hanks— What makes yon think so?
Jenks— Because, according to the millions
of people claiming their ancestors came over
on the Mayflower, the ship must have been as
big as Illinois.— Up to Date.
"But, your Honor," shrieked the young
lawyer, "you cannot fine my client $500
The law says that $25 is the extreme limit."
"Young man," answered the Oklahoma Jus
tice o» tho Peace, 'It might je«t as well be un
fderstood thatl'm doin'the dealin'ln this yer
game, an' I allow I kin raise the limit If I so
see fit."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Banner— The foreigners are getting an awful
hold on this country.
Crosby— They are indeed. Why, I read over
a list of men naturalized by the court yes
terday, and, by thunder, every one of them
was a foreigner.— Philadelphia North Amer
ican.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street. :
/ — * * * — 7
Lord Leighton's peerage was the shortest
lived in the history of England. He died on
the day following that upon which the patent
of nobility was issued, and as he left no heir
the title died with him.
m * •
A Nick present for Eastern friends— Town
send's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market st. •
*.» > T
The oldest King in Europe is Christian IX
of Denmark", who last month entered upon the
seventy-ninth year of his age. He has worn
the crown for thirty-three years.
> ■ * — •—
Bpeciai. information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pros*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.
«. — # — •
Lord Edward Cecil, who is to take service in
the Egyptian army for the operations in the
Soudan, is Lord Salisbury's fourth son. He is
over 6 feet 3 inches in' height, a: 1 has an en
thusiastic love of military duty.
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that Putzman & Schurman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
"Golden Gate". brand of Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391.
Dr. Austin Abbott, who died recently in New
York, was joint author of two novels, "Cone
cut Corners" and "Matthew Caraby," which
appeared in 1855 and 1859 under the signa
ture of "Benauly." He himself was the "au,"
his elder brother Benjamin was the "Ben,"
and the elder of his two younger brothers, Ly
man, was the "ly.'' = v^:
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via Union Pacific.
oiutv 31/2 DAYS TO CHICAGO— 3%
or#liY 41/j DAYS TO NEW YORK—
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, dally without
change. Composite, buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, dally without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to SC Paul
and Chicago every Friday. .
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
. ■ > » » ■ ' ■ *.
Low Kates to Cleveland.
The Nobles ot the Mystic Shrine will meet at
Cleveland, June 23 and 24.
For this occasion the B. A O. «. R. Co. will tell
tickets at reduced rates from all points on Its lines
west pf the Ohio Hi vt r, for nil trains of Jane 21
and 22, valid for return passage until June 25.
The fare from Chicago will be $8 60 and corre
spondingly low rates from all other points- Tlcketa
will also be on sale at all points throughout the
West.
Tbe B. <fc O. Is the only line running Pullman
Sleeping Cars between Chicago and Cleveland.
For full Information write to I-. S. ALLEN, A.
O. P. A., Grand Central Passenger Station, Chi
cago, 111.
Yellowstone Park Excursion.
Watch this ad for full particulars regarding our
great excursion to the Yellowstone. .Parly leaves
here th« 12th' of July. Weekly excursions la up
holstered tourist cars. No change. . Lowest rates
to all points East. T. K. Stateler, agent Northern
Pacific Railroad, 638 Market street, San Francisco.
» < 0 —
.Ladies never have any dyspepsia after a wine
glass of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters.
» — »
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggists sell It at 25 cents.
NEW TO-DAY.
CltMl
HOUSEKEEPING
GOODS.
20x42 BLEACHED LINEN HUCK
FRINGED TOWELS, regular price
250,
Tfoiv 20c each.
22x42 BLEACHED HUCK
TOWELS, hemmed, regular price
30c,
Tfow 25c each.
72-inch HEAVY BLEACHED GER-
MAN DAMASK, formerly 90c,
Tfow 75e per yard.
60-inch BLEACHED IRISH DAM-
ASK, formerly 65c,
tyotv 50c per yard.
72-inch HEAVY HALF-BLEACHED
DAMASK, formerly 75 0 ,
9/ow 60c per yard.
54-inch HALF -BLEACHED DAM-
ASK, formerly 50c,
9?ow 40c per yard.
24-inch BLEACHED DAMASK NAP-
KINS, forme: ly $3.00,
9fow 52. 25 per dozen.
22-inoh BLEACHED DAMASK NAP- .
KINS, formerly $2.00,
*??ow SI. 50 per dozen,
SE BABLA ESPANOU
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
YILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.
%■ "We will Leave it Entirely
tin your hands." If you purchase a
Hebculks Oas ob Gasoline En-
»ni.NK, aud if It does notdo all wesay
it will, you can return It at our ex-
pense. Send for Catalogue and Price
List to
American Type Founders' C«.
405-407 Bansome Street,
San Francisco. CaLUNDER OLD
ROOF TREES.
What American Libert)
Cost Our Colonial
Forefathers.
The Hills Over Which Paul
Revere Galloped in
the Moonlight.
Recalling the Revolutionary Battle
fields in Historic New
England.
As Benator George F. Hoar has elo
quently said: "Surely that people is
happy to whom the noblest story in his
tory has come down through father and
mother and by the unbroken traditions of
their own fireside." It is this story and
these traditions of the New Enpland towns
and hamlets, where the fires of the Ameri
can Revolution were first kindled, that have
inspired Abram English Brown in writing
the volume "Beneath Old Roof-trees." The
book is one of a prospective series, and
trials of only a smaii portion of the towns
identified with the opening of the Revolu
tion. It is the author's purpose to con
si ier the other towns a^ they appear in |
the widening circle from which came the
ready response to the memorable alarm.
His motive is to arouse in the young a
keener appreciation of the cost of our i
National heritage, conducive to a higher j
standard of citizenship beneath its star
spangled emblem.
"The revival of interest in Napoleon
Bonaparte," says the author, "inclines
many to long to visit the scene of his fatal
conflict. But Waterloo, described and
painted by pen and pencil over and over
again, when viewed in connection with its
results to the worid, is not comparable to
the battle-field of Middlesex.
'"Good citizenship is patriotism in ac
tion. It is not necessary that one should
face the bullets of the enemy on the field
of battle in order to evince true patriot
ism. He who loves his home, his native
town, and his country, and is ready to mase
sacrifice for their honor and welfare,
is tbe good citizen.
"This is seen in the great company of
intelligent people who make pilgrimages
every year to Lexington, Concord,
Bunker Hill and other places of historic
interest. Each recurring anniversary
emphasizes the fact. No true citizen can
cross the green sward of Lexington Com
mon, gaze upon the bronze Minute Man'
at Concord or press the turf of Bunker's
height without feeling the blood course
more rapidly in his veins as he makes new
resolutions of better citizenship."
Within easy access of New England's
metropolis are many existing lemmders
of that most significant uprising, and the
person for whom a recital of the "oft-told
tale" of the battle-field would prove
tedious may find enough of interest in the
story of things and places tbat existed
when the wild crash of musketry broke
the stillness of the dawn on that
memorable 19th of April, 1775. The |
author, with true New England pride, |
reminds young people that while he i
would not abate one "jot or tittle" from j
the accumulated honor justly due Lexing- j
ton and Concord, he must in justice main
tain that "the only limit to the response
was the primitive means of spreading the
alarm." The author iias availed himself,
through years of patient labor, of a large
amount of precious tradition obtained
lrom widows of those who had personal
experience in the army, or from children
who had the story of sacrifice from fathers
who suffered in field, camp or hospital;
and while widows and children of soldiers
of the Revolution had become scarce
when Mr. Brown began his research, he
had often met grandchildren who had re
ceived indelible impressions of the strug
gle of the colonists while fondled in the
arms of those who were actors in the
Revolution. Introducing his work in a
eeneral way, the author says:
One hundred and twenty years have passed
since the embattied farmer!- struck the first
Mow for liberty, but many reminders of that
day are yet to be seen. Hills over which Re
vere galloped on his midnight ride have been
carried into the valleys through which he
made rapid pace; but many a hearthstone that
plowed with the embers of patriotism Is still
the pride of a thrifty owner, who rejoices that
the same roof which protects him sheltered
his grandfather, who at the same door gave a
parting blessing to wife and children as he
hastened to the scene of conflict. Such homes,
possessed and cared for by those who have
there received the story of personal experience
from honored sires, are monuments to which
all would gladly revert. The-e and the many
other reminders of the footprints of the pat
riots have their lessons of good citizenship for
all.
The volume, which contains 340 pages,
is profusely illustrated and is dedicated
to "the societies organized to perpetuate
the honor of the brave men and women,
through whose sacrifices the American
colonies attained their freedom." It is
certainly a welcome and valuable contri
bution to our Revolutionary War litera
ture, in which, it may be observed, a more
intense interest is now manifest than has
previously been the case since the Civil
War. [Boston : Lee & Shepard, publish
ers. For sale by Whitaker & Ray Com
pany ; price $1 50.]
THE l-N( LASSED.
Well worth the reading is this new novel
ny that clever English author, George
Gissing. The hero is a literary man who
undergoes a world of experience in love
affairs and narrowly escapes the snare of a
siren, but is preserved by a providential
torn to make happy the long-misrepre
sented heroine. There are many charac
ters in the book, and tbe interest is well
sustained. Here is one of tbe interesting
paragraphs concerning a subject on which
nearly everybody at one time or another
has philosophized. The hero is the
speaker:
What is a fellow to do to get money? I'm
growing sick of this hand-to-mouth existence.
Now if one had a bare competency, what glori
ous possibilities would open out. The vulpar
saving has it that time is mouey; liKe most
vultfar sayings putting the thing just the
wrong way about. "Money is time," I prefer to
*ay; it means leisure and all that follows.
Why don't you write a poem on money, Cast:?
1 almost feel capable of it myself. What can
claim precedence, in all this world, over hard
cash? It is the fruitful Boil wherein is nour
ished the Jruitof the iree ot Hie; it Is the veri
iyitiß principle of human activity. Upon it
luxuriate art, lettc-rs, science; rob them of its
pustanee, and they droop like withering leaves.
Money mean* virtue; the lack of it is vice.
The devil loves no Jurkin* place like an
empty purse. Give me a thousand pounds
to-morrow, and i become the most vir
ukjus man in England. I satisfy all my
instincts freely, openly, with no petty
makeshifts arid vile hypocrisies. To scorn and
revile wealth is the mere resource of splenetic
poverty. What cannot be i»urcha.sed with
coin of the realm? First and foremost, free
dom 1 The moneyed man is the sole kinn; tne
herd* of the penniless are but ab slaves before
his footstool. He breathe* with a sense of pro
prietorship in the whol* globe-enveloping at
mosphere, for is it not in his power to Inhale
it wheresoever he please*? He puts hit hand
in his pocket and bids with security for every
joy of body Hnd mind; even death he faces
with tbe comforting consciousness that his
defeat will only coincide with that of human
science. He buys culture, lie buys r eace of
mind, he buys love. You/hink not? I don't
u-e the word cynical'.yroui in very virtuous
earnest. Hake me a millionaire and I will
purchase the passionate devotion of any free
hearted woman the world contains.
While the reader may take exception to
the hero's utterances some times, yet
there is no getting around the fact that he
talks eloquently, and the further fact that
he often hits upon cold truth. [New York :
R. F. Fenno & Co. For sale by the book
department of the Emporium; price
(1 25.
NEW EDITION OF THOMAS PAINE.
The publication of a new edition of
Thomas Paine's "Age of Reason" (Lon
don: A. and H. B. tfonner), like Mr. Con
way's interesting biography of Paine, is a
reminder not only of the great influence
exerted by Paine, but of the vast and
silent changes which have passed over
society since his time.
Most adult men now living can recollect
the name of Paine being mentioned with
bated breath, and the "Age of Reason"
being spoken of in much the same terms
that the late Lord Hhaftesbury used re
garding "Ecce Homo," as "the worst book
ever vomited out of the jaws of hell."
A good deal has happened since the
"Age of Reason" was written in Paris
during the Reign of Terror. Not only has
a century passed, but a mighty intellectual
revolution has been and is still proceeding
in men's minds.
The Revolution itself emancipated men
from the superstitions of the old monar
cbial regime, when the person of the king
was looked on as sacred, and be
waslbelieved to be a special representative
oi God on earth. Republican government
has extended itself since then, and where
kings remain, as they still do in the
greater part of Western Europe, they
are regarded solely from the utilitarian
point of view as being useful means
of preventing undue difficulties about
the executive. But even greater than
the political changes which the
Revolution effected has been the intel
lectual change wrought by new discover
ies, new conceptions of the order of nature
and new philosophic ideas embodied in
modern literature. We are, in short, liv
ing in a new world from that of our grand
fathers.
The mythical Paine of raw head and
bloody bones associations vanishes, and
we find instead a serious thinker who ad
dresses himself to the real evils of his
country and his time with a suggestive
no«s and perspicacity rarely equaled in
the history of political literature. This
impression aeepens when we turn to the
"Age of Reason." How is it, we ask, that
such a fury should have been roused by
this book? We read page after page, and
we think we have heard our clerical
friends even say something not very un
like what we here read.
When we recall the writings of Colenso,
the sermons we have heard from univer
sity pulpits, and such books 8s "Es.-ays
and Reviews," "Lux Mundi" and a whole
series of the -logical works published here
and in America during the last twenty
years, we marvel at the horror which
greeted the wort which Carlyle's "rebel
lious needleman" gave to the world a cen
tury ago.
But we must remember, says the London
Chronicle, that Paine lived in the bad old
times of "Farmer George," when all
the awful mysteries of religion were
drawn out into formulas, were lit
eralized and devitalized, were robbed
of the spiritual and converted into hard
dogmas for the exrress purpose of propping
up a corrupt system of politics and an im
possible order of social life. It was *he
period when, as Cowper put it, "the sym
bols of atoning grace" were made "an
office-key, a picklock to a place."
THE SCIENCE OF MONET.
While this is by no means a new book
(the first edition having been published in
1885), it possesses considerable value to
students of economics at this date. Its
author is Alexander del Mar, who was
formerly director of the Bureau of Sta
tistics, and the Mining Commissioner to
the United States Monetary Commis?ion
of 1876. He has written several other no
table works treating ot financial matters —
notably a history of the precious metals
and one dealing with monetary systems
in various States.
An extract from the preface to the sec
ond edition shows the scope of the present
work, at the same time stating a truism.
"The practical world," says Mr. del Mar,
"wants a working theory or explanation
of money as it now stands in law and fact;
a theory which explains precisely what
money ooes, and precisely how it does it."
Those who place their trust to a ereat ex
tent upon precedent are dismissed in those
effective words: "Practical science knows
nothing about first causes. The remota
origins of customs may with advantage be
leit to the researches of antiquarians."
Mr. del Mar goes very exhaustively into
the origin of present monetary systems,
tracing them from the first transactions of
exchange and barter. He shows that price
must be defined as the expression of value
in money — the precise expression, but this
it cannot be unless the whole sum of
money is limited and known. He further
indicates those fluctuations of price which
do not belong to the domain of science and
those which do.
The whole work is, as we have said, of
real value to students of economics. It
lorms a solid argument for the regulation
of money, Mr. del Mar arriving at the con
clusion that if it had been so regulated, in
stead of being left to commerce, chance
and political contention, the great panics
of 1851, 1821. 1887, 1861, 1873 and 1893 might
have very successfully been averted.
[New York: Macmilian & Co. For sale
at the Emporium Book Department;
price $2 25.J
DARTMOOR.
Maurice H. Hervey, in his new book,
"Dartmoor," has given us a sensational
story of love and crime wherein the pu
gilistic training of the hero ultimately and
unexpectedly serves him in most excel
lent stead. Morley Griffin is that hero,
impulsive and somewhat flighty at the
start. He has a rival in love in the per
son of Hugh Darrell, who poses as Mor
ley's friend and helper. Darrell and a
Jewish moi.ey-c! anger conspire to ruin
Griffin. The latter loses the bulk of his
fortune in horse-racing, and, being of
splendid, muscular build, he resolves to
train and make an effort to win back lost
riches in the fistic arena. He is already in
first-class trim when the plot against him
succeeds, and he is sent to prison for a
crime of which he is innocent. He es
capes from prison along with a desperate
convict, who attempts the life of a
beautiful girl in the housn that has
yielded shelter to the fugitives. Griffin's
iron muscles here save the girl, for whose
sake he is compelled to strangle the
desperado. The papers applaud Griffin's
act. and a pardon is the result. The con
spirators meet with dire and just punish
ment, and Griffin winds up by marrying
the girl he rescued and, of course, "living
happily forever after." The moral is that
evil ofttimes turns to good, and that bit
terest trials may be the prelude to endur
ing happiness. [New York and London:
Frederick A. Stokes Company. For sale
by the book department of the Emporium ;
price 75 cents.]
A ROGUE'S DAUGHTER.
Adeline Bergeant is the author of this
new novel. Tne heroine is Delia Vansit
tart, whose father, as secretary of the Ori
noco Mining Company, embezzles funds as
a result of his craze for gam biing, and flees
the country. His son and daughter suffer
om account of his misdeeds. His son is
employed by a wealthy bachelor named
Cyprian Hnrcourt, but young Vansittart's
wife commits a crime, for which her hus
band loses his position and is committed
to prison. Then Delia assumes another
name, and Harcourt falls in love with tier
and marries' her. Delia's father returns in
disguise to England, where he suicides
when c finds the bloodhounds of the iaw
closing in on him. Delia then dis
closes her real identity to Harcourt,
who is shocked to think that he has been
tricked by Julius Vansittart's daughter.
He thinks they mast go through life, with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
AN ORIGINAL DESIGN FOR A MODERN ART POSTER, BY A "CALL" ARTIST.
SOME VERSES FROM THE CURRENT MAGAZINES.
PARTING.
My life closed twice before Its close;
It yet remains to see
If Immortality unveil
A third event to me,
Bo huge, so hopeless to conceive
As this that twice befell.
Farting is all we know of heaven,
And all we need of bell.
Emily Dickinson, in June Bcrlbner's.
LIFE AND LOVE.
Life and Love at the crossroads met*
Out for a holiday;
Cried Love, "Sweet Life, thy cares forget,
'Tls Love who bids thee stay. .
Come, journey on wi hont regret,
Through summer hours al way."
A white blur against the sky,
Crabapple blossoms blow;
The drifting swallows homeward fly
To April slODes aglow:
And Life and Love in laughter vie
As on their way they go.
Pan's pipes sieh 'n rath a crescent moon.
Like cobwebs float and stray;
i Night moths seek the white flowers soon, -
'Tls the daffodil month of May;
And the pilgrims sing a merry tune.
They are comrades true for aye.
To June's rose-hidden portals led
Glad Love bis comrade true.
■Now we must part." was all Life Mid,
"And fare alone, for who
Finds Love and June and roses red,.
Has lived his day— adieu I"
Nancy Mann Waddle In June Ladies' Home
Journal. '
A SUMMER BARGAIN.
I'm younc and very handsome.. I have heard a
maiden say j
She thought me quite a wonder In my own peculiar
way.
I'm what a novelist would call a person debonair;
out love or faith or happiness. Delia, how- I
ever, exerts her influence in her brother's
behalf, proves his innocence, secures his
pardon, and wins new admiration from
her husband, who cannot help but love
her in spite of himself. The brother's
wicked wife dies, ana a happier marriage
is in store for young Vansittart, and on
the occasion of that marriage peace de
scends on the domestic life of Harcourt
and D-lia, the former having discovered at
last that he possesses a jewel of a life part
ner, even although she had often been de
scribed as "A Rogue's Daughter." [New
York and London: Frederick A. Stokes
Company. For sale by the book depart
ment of the Emporium ; price $I.]
A BRIDE FROM THE DESERT.
The volume of «* hich this is the title
story contains three of Grant Allen's
charming tales, "A Bride From the Des
ert," "Dr. Greatrex's Engagement," and
"The Backslider." They are just the
thing for summer reading, and a couple of
hours could hardly be passed more pleas
uraDiy than in their perusal. In the rirst
named story Private Movie's exploit in
saving from an awful fate on the African
desert a party of English ladies, rouses
sucu enthusiasm and admiration in
England that the boy is enabled to
redeem himself from past mistakes, se
cures promotion from the ranks and wins
for his wife one of the ladies whom he had
borne from the gates of death to home and
frieuds. [New York : R. F. Fenno & Co.,
publishers. For sale by the bock depart
ment of ihe Emporium ; price 50 cents.]
BOOK OF VKRSK.
"Poems," by Caroline and Alice Duer,
make up a 60-page volume, which is neat
ly printed. Some of the verses are decidedly
clever, and a few of the love songs espe
cially are happy in their expressions of
tender feeling. Caroline and Alice cer
tainly have talent in the way of verse
writing. [New York: George H. Rich
mond, publisher.]
JUNE MAGAZINES.
THE CEKTCRT.
The second paper containing the "Im
pressions of South Africa," by James
Bryce, M. P., appears in the June number
of the Century. This takes up the race
question at the bottom of most of the com
plications which have made that coun
try tbe subject of international dis
pute, Mr. Bryce describes the differ
ences between the Boer farmers and the
British Government of Cape Colony, that
led to the great trek of the former into the
Transvaal. In the same number the "Life
of Napoleon" deals with Napoleon's di-
And when I'm in the dancing-hall no maiden seeks
the stair.
I've genius for flirtation; there are twinkles in my
eye
That you will find most fetching, even though
you're very shy;
And 1 was told one evening, promenading in the
park,
My glances were so snapping yon could see 'em {
In the dark.
I two-step 'just divinely"— you'll observe I merely
quote; ...
And wnen I slug » college long, or strike a banjo
not".
My hearers grow ecstatic— these are facts, not
bragging vain —
And ask If old Apollo is not back on earth again.
In conversation, I must gay, you'll rarely find a
man
To talk as entertainlnglv as people say I can;
And In a match at badinage, or chatting erudite.
The flippant and the learned all agree I'm out of
sight. -
But I am poor— oh, very poor— as poor as one can
be;
Job's turkey was a Croesus In comparison with me ;
And that is why I write these lines, now summer's
coming on—
To ask If you'll subscribe for me for periods an on. \
For fifty dollar* weekly and expenses I will go
And make a barren mount;. in house a mansion
full of glow.
The summ.-r girls who throng the bills, who crowd
the sounding sea,
Can possibly make no mistake If they'll subscribe
' for me. ;
I'll dance with you, I'll walk with you, I'll sit I
, upon the stair:
I'll dash off lovely verses to your dimples and your
hair;
I'll flirt with yon; I'll bait your hooks when you
perchance would fish;
In fact I'll be as fine a beau as any one could wish.
So hurry, summer maidens, haste and get your
offers in,
If you a lovely cavalier for August next would
win; j
I vorce from Josephine, hia marriage with '
j Maria Louisa and the birth of his son, the
King of Rome. An artist that will attract
the especial attention of all interested in
art U "Sargent and His Painting." by
William A. Coffin. It conta ns nine pic
tures by John 8, Sargent and sketch por
traits by Carroll Beckwith and Au
gustus St. Gauuens. Elizabeth Robin
Pennell contributes a fine bit of de
scriptive writing, "Lights and Shadows
of tbe Alhambra," which is illustrated
by Joseph Pennell. There is a timely
paper entitled "Humor and Pathos of
Presidential Conventions," by Joseph B.
Bishop. These are only a few of the good
things to be found in the Century.
harper's.
Harger'a Magazine for June is an excep
tionally good number. Special features
are: "A Visit to Athens," by Bishop
William Crosweh Doane; "Queen Lukeria
of Gorelovka" (illustrated), by H. F. B.
Lynch; "The Greatest Painter of Modern
Germany." by Charles Wuldstein;
i "Through Inland Waters" (illustrated by
the author), by Howard Pyie; "The Oua
naniche and Its Canadian Environ
ment" (illustrated), by E. T. D. Cham
bers; "The German Struggle for Liberty,"
Xil (illustrated), by Poultney Bigekiw;
"The Battle of the Celis," a popular dis
cussion of tue germ theory of disease, by
Andrew Wilson. Tbe fiction of the num
ber includes the first part of "A Rebellious
Heroine," a humorous tale, by John Ken
j drick Bangs; "Eve Una's Garden," by Mary
i E. Wilkins, a romance of considerable
| length, with a New England background;
"A Wali-Street Wooing," a New York love
story, by Brander Matthews, and "The
Thanks of the Municipality," a study of
metropolitan life and politics, by James
Barnes. The poems of the number in
ciude"The Sea," by James Herbert Morse;
"Prseterita" by Madison Cuweinand "Lip-
Service" by Louise Bctts Edwards.
M'CLt'RE's.
The June number of McClure's Maga
zine is an excellent one. Perhaps the
most notable article is a little battle study
by Stephen Crane that, in its way, is more
dramatic and striking than even "The
Red Badge of Courage," the novel by Mr.
Crane which is now attracting so much
attention both in America and England.
It shows, unmistakably, the hand of
genius. Another bit of distinguished fic
tion is Rndyard Kipling's "In the Rukh"—
one of Kipling's earlier stories, but also
one of his best, relating how that ever
entertaining orphan of the jungle, Mowgli,
made acquaintance with white men and
became a lover. Then there is Cy War
man's marvelous true tale of "The Loco
motive That Lost Herself," and an install
ment of Anthony Hope's "Phroso" fairly
bursting with love and adventure. The
Lincoln paper in this number exhibits
Lincoln (mainly by new reminiscence and
.For there are Indications 'mongst some heiresses
I know
To corner all the stock there la in this especial
beau.
—"Editor's Drawer" of Harper's Magazine.
HER HAI'F'NESS ■
Since that day, of which no word
From her lips Is ever heard, '.-'■■ :•.
She has known that at her side*
Sorrow evermore must bide.
Drink her cup and eat her bread,
Walx her paths and share her bed,
. Be the last to say goodnleht.
Greet her first at morning light.
Go with her through all her ways,
To the enaing of her days.
This is hers at last; to know
Life has dealt Its heaviest blow.
She has nothing more to dread ;
All her bitterest tears are shed. .
Pain has now no poisoned dart
That she fears may reach her heart;
Neither day nor night can bring :
Any untried suffering
It Is something, just ;o rest
Of this dreary peace possessed;
, Just to slip the long control
Of her pride- encompassed soul,
And to let the days move on ■
In accepted monotone;
Not to more anticipate
This severest blow of fate;
Not against Its doom to pray.
Any more by night or day;
Not to fear its deadly bli*ht, .
Any more by day or night.
- As the storm-tossed mariner -
Finds the desert Island fair
After «1I the storm's wild stress,
to she. too. is almost glad.
Is there aught in life more sad?
What have been her strife and loss,
Her despair and pain and cross,
Who at last can almost bless
Such a hopeless happiness!
C'aria»tta PEBRv'm June Lipplncot t's.
I anecdote) as a father, friend and neighbor,
! on his return to the practice of law at
! Springfield, after serving a term in Con-
I press. Of quite extraordinary interest is a
! series of portraits of Mark Twain— fifteen
j of them, covering a period of thirty years,
! and almost putting a circle round the glooe
j in the variety of localities in which they
were taken.
Elizabeth Stuart Pbelps provide* some
very entertaining reminiscences of James
T. Fields, her publisher, and of Harriet
Beecher Stowe, her intimate friend and at
one time neighbor in Andover. Will H.
Low writes biographical!}- and critically of
the picturesque group of English painter?
known as the Pre-Raphaelites, and his
paper is illustrated with reproductions of
the best pictures of Rois'tti, Holman
Hunt, Burne-Jones and others.
FRANK LEBLIE'B.
In the June number of Frank Leslie's
Popular Monthly is a paper by Colonel
John J. Garnett of the Confederate States
artillery on '"The Seven Days' Campaign
Near Richmond," which describes the sec
ond battle of Manassas, tbe first invasion
of Maryland and the battle of Antietam.
The article is handsomely illustrated with
battle scenes and portraits of General Lee,
Stonewall Jackson, General Johnston and
| otiers. Thvn there i 9 an interesting arti
cle about Sarah Bernhardt, "The Geniusof
Tragedy," by W. de Wagstaffe, with a num
ber of portraits of the great actress in
i her various characters. Then there is a
! description of "The Ladies of the Harem,"
| telling of their life, amusements, etc., and
j beautifully pictured. Other features are:
! An account of a visit to Dalmatia, by
1 Kobert Howard Russell; "In the Grand
i Canyon of the Colorado," by Edith Ses
sions Tupper; "In the Land of St. Fran
cis." by Marie D. Walsh; an entertaining
i article on pistols and thei* early history
! and u^e, by John Paul Bocock; and the
I first installment oi a new department for
i young people, containing a serial story by
! Horatio Alger Jr., and a short bicycle
i story by Henry E. Haydock. Besides this
there are some excellent stories and
poems.
scribner'b.
Henry Norman contributes an interest
ing article to Scribner's Magazine, "In the
Balkans, the Chessboard of Europe." A
few months ago Mr. Norman made a visit
I to this region, and this article is the
I first presentation of the impressions
then gathered of Roumania, Servia,
BQsn'a, Herzegovina, Bulgaria and
Montenegro. The crisis brought about
by the Armenian question is of course in
timately related to affairs in the Balkans,
and Mr. Norman's article is a clear
presentation of tbe exact situation of
the whole Eastern question as it appears at
the present moment to a trained observer.
The second and concluding paper by Mrs.
Isobel btrong, giving reminiscences of
jßobert Louis Stevenson in his Home Life,
s devoted to the last year of his life, which
was, as appears from this chronicle, one
of his happiest and freest from illness.
Hamilton Busbey concludes his account
of "The Evolution of the Trotting Horse"
with much that is interesting about Stony-
Ford, Palo Alto, Robert Bonner'a farm at
Tarrytown and other great stock farms.
A story in a new field by a new name is
"The Captor of Old Pontoinoc," by Mary
T. Earle. It is a dramatic tale of life on a
Southern bayou. Among the striking ar
tistic features of the number are a full
page engraving of the late Theodore Rob
inson's Shaw-prize picture, entitled "In
the Sun"; a frontispiece by S. W. van
Schaick entitled "The Troubadours," and
the second of Weguehn's illustrations of
Elizabethan songs.
lifpincott's. v
The complete novel in the June issue of
Lippincott s is "From Clue to Climax," by
Will N. Harben. It is a tale of murder
and hypnotism, in which an extremely
able detective and a physician of the new
school join forces to clear the innocent and
run the guilty to earth. "A Fellow-Feel
ing" is by Edith Brower, perhaps the only
author who can write readable stories
about the coal region. H. C. Stickney in
"Timely" tells of some "ways that are
dark" among the Chinese of San Fran
cisco. "The End of a Career," aa briefly
described by Harry Irving Horton. was
that of a male flirt. I. J. Wistar
supplies an instructive article on
"Criminal Jurisprudence." Owen Hall
discusses the prospects and condi
tions of "Naval Warfare in 1896,"
giving the facts and tigures as to the
world's various navies, and concluding
that Great Britain is likely to hold her
own. Concerning the "Feigning of
Death by Animals," Dr. James Weir, as a
result of special microscopic studies, pre
sents facts that are largely new. Dr.
Charles C. Abbott offers some observa
tions on "The Changeful Skies." Edith
Dickson writes on the "Youthful Reading
of Literary Men." William Trowbridge
Lamed makes some, remarks "After
Seeing a Poor Play." "Woman in
Business" is discussed by Mary E. J.
Kelley. A second article on General and
-Mrs. Washington, by Anne Hollint's
worth Wharton, deals with their official
life. Like its predecessor, it is abundantly
illustrated. The poetry of the number
is by Carlotta Perry, Grace F. Penny
packer and Charles G. D. Roberts.
BT. NICHOLAS.
An inspiriting article in tbe St. Nicholas
for June is "What the Bugle Tells on a
Warship," by Lieutenant John M. Elli
cott, U. S. N. The illustrations are by G.
Varian. "Grizzly Phil" is a story to make
the hearts of boys and girls beat faster, for
it tells of a heroic deed by a 14-year-old
Coloraoo,schoolbo7. The history of Marco
Polo's travels, by Noah Brooks, has been
begun and is to run through several num
bers. It is the kind of youthful literature
that interests the elder members of the
family as well.
Literary Notes.
A volume of short stories by Henry
James is shortly to be published by Mac
millan & Co., under the name "Embar
rassments." The studies are entitled "The
Figure in the Carpet," "Glasses," "The
Next Time." and "The Way it Came," and
are sketched in Mr. James' usual minute
and clever manner.
Macmillan & Co. have in preparation
"The Introduction to Public Finance," by
Professor Carl C. Plehn of tbe University
of California. It treais of public expendi
ture, public revenues, public indebtedness
and financial administration. The book
will urobably appear in August.
The circumstances in which Harold
Frederics new novel came to have one
title here and another in England (as was
the case with Hawthorne's "Marble
Faun") are set forth in the London Chron
icle. A curious accident was tbe cause.
The waiting of the book was extended
over five years and a copy of the first half
was sent to this country as long ago as
1893. For the purpose ot identification it
bore the "Damnation" title, which was
one of many then under consideration.
After the final choice of "Illumination"
i.ad been made no one remembered until
it was too late that the American pub
lisher had not been informed of tbe de
cision.
Readers of "Pierre and His People" will
be glad to know that Stone & Kimball are
about to publish a new volume of short
stories by Gilbert Parker under the title of
"An Adventurer of the North," being the
further and final adventures of Pierre and
bis people.
A summary of the recent legislation on
questions of State and local government
by the various States is given in the paper
by E. Dana Duraud of tbe New York State
Library, published by the American Acad
emy ot Pulitical and Social Science, and
entitled "Political and Municipal Legisla
tion in 1895."
Macmillan & Co., announce for imme
diate publication Leibnitz's "Critique oi
Locke: New Essays on the Understand
ing," translated from the French by
Alfred G. Langley, A. M., with an appen*
dix containing a number of Leibnitz'B
shorter pieces not hitherto translated.
Ex-President Harrison's articles have
proved such an enormous success with
the Ladies' Home Journal, adding over
100,000 to the circulation of the magazine,
that the series will be extended Beyond
the original limit. The ex-President has
now reached the treatment of "The Presi
dent's Official Family" in his series, de
scribing the relation which each Cabinet
member holds to tbe President. Then he
will show "How the Senate Works" and
•'How Congress Legislates" — each in a
separate article.
Messrs. Lemperly, Hilli&rd & Hopkins
of Cleveland, Ohio, and this city, an
nounce as their fourth publication "Lin
coln and His Cabinet, by Charles A.
Dana, with portraits of Lincoln and Mr.
Dana, and a reproduction o! Frank B. Car
penter's paintiug, "The First Reading of
the Emancipation Proclamation." The
edition will be limited to 350 copies.
The fifteenth annual report of the
United States Geological Survey contains,
among much scientific matter of great
value, a "Preliminary Report on the Ge
ology of the Common Roads of tbe United
States," by Professor N. S. Shaler— a sub
i ject that is timely and of great popular
interest. This is the last report made by
Major J. W. Powell as a director of the
survey. He has had charge of the work
for twenty-five years.
Rudyard Kipiine wai asked recently
whether he enjoyed writing poetry or
prose most. He remarked tbat the
pleasure of creating a poem was the
highest intellectual delight he had ever
experienced.
Stephen Crane's new novel, "George's
Mother," which will be published by Ed
ward Arnold within a fortnigut, was writ
ten more than a year ago. It is a tale
of East Side life in New York, and is
said to be unusually realistic. Mr. Arnold
will publish Mr. Crane's new books in
London.
Appietons' Popular Science Monthly for
June will contain a series of letters by
Herbert SDencer on "The Metric System, "
which has recently been before both Con
gress and Pariianient. Mr. Spencer vig
orously opposes the further extension of
the system and points out the advantages
of one based on the number twelve.
Messrs. T. Y. Crowell & Co. announce
for early publication "Camilla, " a tale of
society life in Stockholm, translated from
the Swedish and Danish of Richert yon
Koch; "The Victory of Ezry Gardner," a
Nantucket idyl, by Imogen Clark, and
"The Social Meanings of Religious Ex
periences," by Dr. Herron.
"The Purple East," that little volume of
poems which cost William Watson the
laureateship, is at last to be issued by Stone
& Kimball. It is a tiny volume, its size
being quite out of proportion to its impor
tance.
Captain A. T. Mahan of the United
States navy expects to finish his "Life of
Nelson" by the end of June. The distin
guished naval historian has been at work
on the book for some time past.
The American Publisher's Corporation
of New York has issued one-dollar (bound)
editions and 50-cent (paper) editions of
Grant Allen's "Duchess of Powynland";
Herman Melville's "Tynee," and Captain
Charles King's "Sunset Pass."
THEY KNEW
HOW TO DIE.
A Tale of the Exploits
of the Marseilles
Battalion.
The Motive Is a Defense of
Those Whom History
Has Slandered.
Felix Gras' Interesting New Book
Entitled the "Reds of
the Midi."
The inspiring episode of the French Revo
lution with which Felix Gras deals in"
"The Reds of the Midi" is the march to
Paris and the exploits there of "that
Marseilles battalion, made up of men who
•were sworn to 'cast down the tyrant* and
'who knew how to die.' " A leading
motive with the author was to do justice
to a body of men that history had treated
unfairly. For more than a century, de
clares Thomas A. Janvier in an introduc
tion, the Marseilles battalion which took
so large a part in precipitating the French
Revolution has been very generally slan
dered. French and English historians,
with few exceptions, have united, in de
scribing it as a band of cutthroats and
thieves, in part made up of runaway
galley - slaves from Toulon and in
part of international scrapings from
the slums of Marseilles. Carlyle in his
time was almost alone in doing partial
justice to those patriots, yet even to him
they were vaguely denned heroes, and ha
suggested : "If enlightened curiosity ever
get hold of the Marseilles' Council-books,
will it not perhaps explore this strangest
of municipal procedures, and feel called to
! fish up what of the biographies, creditable
lor discreditable, of these 517 (sic) the
stream of Time has not irrevocably swal
lowed?" Nearly fifty years after Carlyle's
suggestion was made this obscure passage
in history was completely cleared up by
Joseph Pollio and "Andrew Mar
cel, who not only explored the
Marseilles' council- books, but carried their
search for facts deep and far;
and the result of their investigations was
the documentary history, "Le Bataillun
dv 10 Aovt," that has placed the
Marseilles Battalion honorably before
the world. As the records show,
the 517 men comprising it, drawn almost
wholly from the National Guard of Mar
seilles, "were carefully chosen as being
those whose civicism and probity were
guaranteed by the twelve commissioners
| named by the Conseil-General," and the
! few volunteers from neighboring towns
j who were accepted under the same condi-
I tions. In the end, having accomplisued
j the purpose for which it went to Paris, the
battalion returned to Marseilles, where it
was received with civic honors October 22,
1792. Gras has painted these men of Mar
! seilles, who first gave currency to the re
| publican anthem in France, in living
colors — as "simple, honest patriots, stern
I only in the discharge of the great duty
I which they believed was theirs." The
j hero of the story is a peasant boy, Pasca
let, who joins the battalion at Avig
non. In his old age he nightly en
tertains a group of eager listeners in
tbe shoemaker's shop at Malemart by
telling, "from thread to finished seam,"
how he marched with the Marseilles bat
talion up to Paris to besiege Kin:; Capet
in his castle. The author was one of the
interested group. As a child of 10, be
says, he was so enchanted by Pascalet's
! beautiful stories that be longed to be a
shoemaker in order that he might "listen
forever to the stories old Pascalet would
tell during all the long evenings to come."
In the bad old times before the Revolution
Pascalet and his parents lived near Male
mart as serfs to the Marquis d'Ambrun.
There was but one room in their hut, and
it contained "two cradle-like boxes filled
with oat straw," in which they
slept; "the cooking pot in the middle
of the room, hanging from a roofbeam,
and a big cbopping-block— that
was all! Tnat was just all!" As
for their daily sustenance, they were
worse off than the most ill-fed of the
brutes on ■ the place. While Pascalet'a
father was gathering acorns, by which oc
cupation he gained the living for the
family, he accidentally got in the way of the
Marquis' dogs, and the hare they were
j pursuing escaped. For this offense the old
j man was unmercifully beaten, and the boy,
j in revenge hurling a stone, struck the
I Marquis' son and fled for his life. The
I priest at Malemart helped Pascalet out of
| the clutches of the maddened aristocrat
i and enabled the boy to reach Avignon,
where he arrived on the day it ceased to
be a papal city and we'eoraedthe Marseilles
Battalion in passing through on its march
to Paris. ' A number of strange accidents
determine Pascalet to join the Marseilles*,
and their commander to accept him, al
though only a boy. Then conies the ex
citing story of the march to Paris, leading
to its climax— the bloody downfall of the
monarchy. The royalists who tyrannized
over the Malemart peasants at the begin
ning of the tale come in the end to a just
doom. There is a sweet dream of love in
the story. The author, through his hero,
expresses contempt for the Paris mob; the
Parisians are set down as chicken-hearted
and the real credit for the overthrow of
the King is given to the men from the
south of France. [New York: D. Apple
ton & Co., publishers. For sale by William
Doxey ; price $1 50.]
A NEW NOTE.
This novel, by Ella MacMahon, th«
author of "A Modern Man" and "A Pitiful
Passion," has been making a great stir in
London literary circles. It is a novel
which attempts to depict the better side of
English social life, and we are bound to
admit that. the writer has succeeded'ad
mirably.
The heroine of this striking book is that
I essentially end-of-the-century product, a
j "new woman." Around her the author
! has built a story of uncommon breadth
and possessing high literary quality. The
authoress has • displayed her characters,
mere puppets in untrained hands, and has
made of them living and speaking photo
graphs— if such a thine were possible.
There is in "A New Note" a vast amount
i of brisk and clever writing,* which shows
\ off to great advantage certain cynically
I philosophical passages. The dialogue por
i tion of the book is excellent. . [New York:
IR. J. Fenno & Co., 112 Fifth avenue. For
sale at the book department of The Em
porium ; price $125.]
THE RULES OF GOLF.
This little work is timely, seeing the
recent and rapid spread of the game of
golf all over the world. The rules fol
lowed throughout are what are usually
known as the St. Andrew's rules, which
are usually conceded to be authoritative.
The gentlemen who have compiled the
work under review, Messrs. J. Norman
Lockyer and W. Rutherford, have taken
considerable pains in the matter of notes.
For the sake of clearness some definitions
have i. been : added, but these are ; marked
"new," and in <no way change the mean- .
ing of the rules to which they are added.
Specimens of the early codes will be
found in the appendix. [New York: Mac
millan & Co. - For sale at the Emporium
book department; price 75 cents.] ■;
1 Do " not fall to read .Thomas Slater's advents*
ment on page 20 tor men.
2324
CAUGHT BY A REBEL
IN SUNDA STRAITS
How the Winged Racer
Was Taken by the
Alabama.
Captain Camming Relates a
Dramatic Incident of the
War Days.
Burned to the Water's Edge and the
Crew Turned Adrift in Leaking
Open Boats.
In 1863 I was in command of the Amer
ican ship Winced Racer, of 1700 tons
burden, and in October of that year I
sailed from Manilla with a cargo of hemp
and supar, bound for New York. The
passage for a considerable time was un
eventful, but in the China Sea we struck
head winds and had quite a tedious time.
My wife was on board with me, also our
infant son, Al.
When within a day's sailing of the Gas
par Straits we sighted a British ship from
Foochow, homeward bound. When they
hoisted the Union Jack I gave orders to
raise "Old Glory." I mention this be
cause it was done contrary to the wishes
of my wife, who begged me to raise the
British ensign. She was a believer in
dreams, and in a recent one bad been
warned of some ilf that awaited us by ship
wreck or capture by the dreaded Alabama.
I endeavored to laugh away her fears, and
assured her that the Alabama was away at
the Cape of Good Hope. As for other dan
gers, we must take our chances. In any
case I would sail under my own colors or
not at all.
However, the British ship, of which I
shall speak later, took no further notice of
us, and owing to our metal being some
what fouled by barnacles and mussels, sh<?
soon outsailed us. Southwest winds now
prevailed, and we arrived at the entrance
of the Straits of Sundaone afternoon early
in November. The straits, which are
formed by the islands of Java and Su
matra, are only fourteen miles wide in the
narrowest part, and afford good anchor
age.
Seeing that three ships were at anchor
off the coast of Sumatra, and bein:» badly
in need of a night's rest, having been do
ing treble duty for three days on account
of the real or pretended sickness of my
two officers, I determined to stand over to
Java, then tack and anchor off Sumatra.
Soon after leaving Java I espied a vessel
steering up the straits and bound, appa
rently, for the China Seas. She had stud
ding-sail set on both sides, and looked for
all the world like a merchantman.
As I neared Sumatra and was busy get
ting extra lashings off anchor and taking
in light sails, the man at the wheel re
ported that the incoming vessel was steer
ing straight for us. I then examined her
through the telescope, and discovered that
she had a smokestack.
Before I had had time to meditate on
the phenomenon she fired a lee pun and
hoisted a St. George's flag. As I disre
garded this action she steamed alongside,
fired another lee gun and hoisted the rebel
flag. I then hoisted my flag and backed
the main and crossjack yards.
Presently a boat manned with an officer
and four men came alongside. The officer
inquired my ship's name, where from and
where bound. On learning this he in
formed me that my ship was the prize of
the Confederate vessel, the Alabama. He
then came on deck and ordered my flag to
be lowered. I refused to have any of my
men do this and told him if he wanted it
done he would have to do it himself. This
seeeraed to annoy him very much. He
then bade me get my ship's papers and go
aboard the Alabama. I asked time to
change the Oriental suit I was wearing for
my uniform, which request was refused.
He even followed me into my cabin so
that I had no chance to speak a private
word of comfort to my wife.
It is an indication of the state I was in
through want of sleep that, as I stepped
on the gangway, it occurred to me that
my officers being sick below I was leaving
the ship with no one in charge. I paused
and told the officer so.
"I will take charge of her, sir," was his
indignant reply.
"Ah! Excuse me," I answered sorrow
fully. I had forgotten that she was cap
tured.
I was rowed alongside the Alabama and
went on deck, where I met my friend,
Captain Larabee of the American ship
Amanda, which had sailed from Manilla
a few days previous to me. We shook
hands in silence, both feeling very sad. The
first lieutenant, Mr. Kell, then came up
and told me I was wanted in the captain's
cabin. It was below, and as I descended
I noted the number of mußkets, pistols
and other weapons that were Bet on racks
ready for use.
On entering the cabin the world
renowned Semmes came toward me. He
said:
"Where have you been? I have been
looking for you for three days."
I made no reply, being in no mood for
banter. I looked at him sternly and at
his attendants. Lieutenant Kell, the doc
tor and the secretary. Semmes then ex
tended his right hand, as 1 supposed, to
welcome me on board, but he was not so
courteous. He merely wished to examine
my ship's papers, which, with the secre
tary, he proceeded most carefully to do.
The task accomplished, he addressed me
again, and I shall never forget the look he
gave me in doing so. "Captain Cam
niing," said he, "I am going to condemn
your shin. I shall want all your nautical
Instruments, chronometers, charts, etc.
You may, however, retain your own
watch."
Almost stupefied as I was with fatigue
nnd the excitement of the past hour I was
injudicious enough to explain to him that
I had sold my watch in Manilla and in
vested the proceeds in cigars.
"Good!" exclaimed my capturer, smil
ing and rubbing his hands. "Then sup
pose we share them?"
The subsequent result of this equitable
arrangement was that I received about
1500 cigars out of 30,000.
On returning to the deck I was invited
by one of the officers to join them at sup
per. Although, with the death sentence
of my fine ship rinsing in my ears, I had
no inclination to eat, I accepted the invi
lation, thinking I might ascertain from
them how my whereabouts had been dis
covered. In ttiis I succeeded. One of the
officers, a German, explained to me that
they had boarded a homeward-bound
British ship, whose captain had notified
CAPTAIN GtORGE CUMMING.
them of my approach. Then I remem
bered the ship that had passed me near
the Gaspar Straits. He also mentioned
that while looking for me they had c&p
tured and destroyed the Amanda, Captain
Larabee.
Many years after this I happened to
meet here in San Francisco a Captain
Bennett, now master of the British ship
Talus, who asked me if I was master of
the Winged Racer when that vessel was
captured and destroyed by the Alabama.
When I told him such was the case he in
quired if I remembered signaling a British
ship near the Gaspar Straits. I said I did—
to my sorrow.
"Well, I was third mate of that ship,"
he replied. "After passing you and when
becalmed in the outer entrance to the
Straits of Sunda, a low, rakish steamer
sent a boat alongside, wanting informa
tion on various matters. As the boat was
leaving, our captain told the officers in
charge of her that he had signaled your
ship a few days previously and that you
could not be very far off. We all thought
it very mean of him. If," concluded the
captain, "you had only hoisted a 'sweab'
instead of your own flag you would have
saved your ship, but — "
And tbe pleasant emile with which he
concluded the sentence showed me that he
would have acted as I did had he been in
my shoes, and he would. But to return to
the Alabama.
After supper we went on deck and
found we were anchored off North Islanu
and that the Winged Racer was lying
near us. Iv company with the first lieu
THE LIGHTHOUSE
OF SANTA CRUZ POINT
t •- mm
OF ALL the lighthouses on the
Pacific Coast, the one on Santa
Cruz Point is perhaps the best |
known to the people of California, j
The reason for this is, of course, j
due to the fact that thousands visit the :
many summer resorts near by and look :
upon a trip to the lighthouse as a part of !
their vacation. On "visitor's days" during '
the season, there is a steady stream of
people passing in and out of the tower
from morning to night.
The location of the lighthouse is in one
of tbe most beautiful snots on the coast, j
and within only afew minutes' walk of the
center of Santa Cruz. It is not far from
the beautiful Vue de l'Eau Pavilion and
right on the ocean drive. For many years
the surroundings were of the most barren
description, but some cypre«s trees were
planted some time ago that have attained
a good growth and greatly add to the ap
pearance of the place.
The lighthouse building on Santa Cruz
Point can by no means be considered
beautiful. In fact, it is extremely ugly.
It is only a square box with a peaked roof
! and a tower, that look 3 very much out of
proportion, at one end. The tower is the
only thing about it that saves it from
having the appearance of a down-east
meeting-house.
Strictly speaking the Santa Cruz light is
not intended for navigation, but is only
made use of by vessels entering or leaving
the harbor. In fact under ordinary cir
cumstances it cannot be seen more than
six miles, although on clear nights it can
be seen eight. Old mariners say they have
to take a telescope to find it. But for all
that the light is of the most importance
and must be lighted as regularly as those
of the first order.
The Banta Cruz light ;s of the fifth order
and in general construction the lamp is
exactly like most of the others along the
coast, but when burning it gives a steady
red light. This is necessary on account of
the numerous white lights in windows
along the shore that might be confusing to
navigators. The lenses were made by
Sautter & Co. of Paris, France, and are
said to be exceptionally fine. The lamp is
very small, but capable on these summer
nights of burning from sunset to sunrise
without attention. The red light is pro
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
tenant and a body of men I went aboard
my ship — for the first time — to get what
they might require. Lieutenant Kell
wished my sailors to assist in getting out
the boats, which they doggedly refused to
I do. So the Alabama men set to and
j loaded the boats with barrels of provi
i sions, cordage, sails, poultry, pigs, etc.
So clumsily was this done that they
caused the boats to leak, from which we
afterward suffered.
While the work proceeded I was resting
on a lounge in my cabin; my wife was
busily packing everything of value in a
trunk, and my little son, Al, was sleeping
soundly in his cot. Suddenly the door
was thrown open and in walked one of the
Alabama midshipmen and asked if I had
anything to "smile on." I pretended not
to understand him, being disgusted at the
I rude intrusion.
"Something to drink," he exclaimed im
patiently.
In order to get rid of him I told the
1 steward to fetch a bottle of spirits, with
' water and glasses; and as the latter was
| about to draw the cork the insolent young
! hound — bis name was Anderson — snatched
the bottle and took it away under his coat,
i Had it not been for my wife I would have
: followed up and thrashed him as he de
served — prisoner though I was — but for
her sake I let it go.
Having been three years in the ship I
', had accumulated far more clothing than I
could take away with me in a hurry, so,
after selecting what I needed, I summoned
my crew and told them to help themselves
|to the balance of it. For this they ap
duced by using a colored lamp chimney.
The lamp is made of brass, has a circular
wick and burns mineral oil. The focal
plane of the light is about sixty feet above
tide level.
The history of the Santa Cruz light be- i
gins in 1870, in which year the building j
was erected and the station established, j
At that time it was out on the end of the :
point, but was moved 500 feet inland to its
present position in 1885. This was deemed
advisable, ss during stormy weather the
building was shaken badly. The building
was moved on rollers and the lamp lighted
each night the same as if it were in its
usual place.
During the quarter of a century the light
has been in existence there has been but
j one shipwreck on ihe rocks near by. That
j was on October 26, 1877, at 4 o'clock in the
I morning. The weather was exceptionally
j stormy and the waves rolled almost to the
j top of the cliff. The roar of the surf was
I deafening so that the keeper, who was on
i watch in the tower hardly a hundred
! yards away, did not hear the cries of the
men on the stranded vessel. He did not
know anything about the disaster until
i daylight came. It proved to be the
| schooner Active, loaded with pig iron that
had been driven ashore by the force of the
storm. The crew had managed to hang
onto the rigging for several hours, Lut
: nobody was drowned. The captain was
j slightly injured. The wreck lay on the
beach a long time and numerous efforts
were made to float it, but in the end it
proved a total loss.
When the Santa Cruz light was first es
A Picturesque Ruin on the San xHateo Coast-All That Is Left of Alexander Gordon's Old Grain Chute.
CAPTURE OF THE WINGED RACfcR BY THE CONFEDERATE SHIP ALABAMA.
'As I disregarded this action she steamed alongside, fired another Ice gun and hoisted the rebel flag. 1 then hoisted in>
flag and backed the main and crossjack yards."
peared grateful. Meanwhile the Alabama ]
officers were in and out of my cabin con- j
tinually. One of them noticed a set of i
East India directories on the table and ;
said he would appropriate them, as they j
would be useful to him while navigating j
the China seas. My wife , who overheard
the remark, took tbe books when he was !
not looking, went on deck and threw them
overboard.
When Mr. Kell saw my wife and child }
he sent a note to Captain Semmes asking I
if they were to go in the boats. Word i
I came back that we could have a stateroom j
j on the Alabama, but he couFd not say
where or when he could land us. My sail- i
ors were then asked to volunteer for ser- |
j vice on the Confederate vessel. With the j
I exception of two Germans they all refused j
: to do so.
About 3 a. m. Mr. Kell came into the
; cabin and informed me that they were
about to apply the torch to the ship and
i that we must get aboard one of the boats. '
I It was squalling outside and raining furi- :
I ously. I pointed to my baby son sleeping
\ in the cot.
"Surely," I said, "you won't insist on
' taking the child out on such a night?"
"I don't know that my children are any
i better off," was the gruff reply. "They're
! burning everything down South."
There was nothing for it but to obey. I ■
had a chair rigged, on which I placed my I
wife with the baby in her arms, whipped j
it to the mainyard and hoisted the precious |
I freight clear of the bulwarks down into
! the boat, while the wind shrieked and the
; rain fell in torrents. It was an awful mo
ment. Then I followed with the nurse |
and Captain Larabee and the boat was
I put off.
From causes before mentioned the boat
leaked so freely that the water was almost
up to our knees and it was all that two
: men bailing with buckets could do to keep i
, her afloat.
Utterly exhausted with anxiety and fa
tigue, only one thing was needed to com- ■
plete our suffering, and, in the sight of
my ship in flames, i*. was soon supplied.
It was a grand if a mournful spectacle
Miss M. tlicox, Keeper of the Santa
Cm* Lighthouse.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
tablisbed it was put in charge of A. E.
Hicox, who held the post until his death
in 1883. His daughter then put in an ap
plication for the place. It was at once
given to her and she has held it ever since.
Miss Hicox is given no assistant, but does
all the work about the place herself. She
is thoroughly familiar with her duties,
hying lived in the lighthouse for twenty
six years, and keeps everything in the best
of order. Her mother lives with h*»r. The
lighthouse seems more like a country home
than a Government station.
During the years she has lived at the
lighthouse Miss Hicox has formed a col
lection of shells ami other curios of the
coast that is most interesting. There are
hundreds of specimens all properly la
beled and catalogued that fill one large
room on the first floor of the building.
On visiting days Miss Uicox leaves this
room open to the public
For the last ten years the Government
has been contemplating the erection of a
large station at Santa Cruz, and also put
ting in a fogbell. But as the traffic to that
port has been on the decline instead of the
increase it has been put off from time to
time so that there is no telling when the
work will be done.
A PICTURESQUE RUIN
All That Is Left of Alexander
Gordon's Grain Chute.
One of the first enterprises of any magni
tude, outsi.le of mining, ever undertaken
in California was the constrnction of Alex
to see the flames gradually ascend the ,
limp and well-tarred rigging, and very
soon, in spite of the drenching rain, illu
minate the sea and sky for miles around.
At daybreak little Al was awake, and see
ing the glare, crowed with delight, think
ine, no doubt, that it had been got up
expressly for his benefit. He did not
know that his birthplace and first home
was burning.
For about three hours we tossed in that
boat— wet, tired to death and heartsick.
At length we reached the nearest of the
three ships at anchor— nothing could have
induced me to accept the "hospitality" of
the genial Semmes— and found that she
was a Vessel formerly owned and com
manded by Captain Freeman, who had died
a few months previously at Shanghai. Mrs.
Freeman was on board and they were wa
tering ship previous to sailing for London.
The chief mate, acting as captain, kindly
invited us on board and Mrs. I'reeman did
everything in her power to make us com
fortable. My launch and all the boats
carrying my crew started for Batavia,
where I told them to report to the United
States Consul.
On the following day our hosts weighed
anchor, made sail and stood over to the
coast of Anjer, where we were landed. We
had hardly done so when a gentleman in
troduced himself to me a* Captain How
land of the American ship Huzar, then at I
anchor in the Anjer roads. He very
kindly offered us the hospitality of his
ship for as long a lime as we chose, but '
while thanking him I felt bound to refuse I
the offer. Up to this point my wife had !
borne up very bravely, but now at last she |
utterly broke down under the terrible ■
strain, so I determined to get her and the i
little one to a hotel where they could get a !
thorough rest.
Two days later the American sloop-of- |
war Wyoming anchored in the roads. I j
went aboard her and was courteously re- !
ceived by her commander, Captain Me- I
Dougal, who invited me into his chart- i
room. W hen he heard that my ship had j
been captured and destroyed he was very I
much excited, as he had been stationed in
the straits on purpose to prevent any
THE SANTA CRUZ POINT LIGHTHOUSE.
[Drawn from a photograph taken exprestly for " The CalU"
ander Gordon's grain chats on the coast a
few miles from Purissima, in San Mateo
County. It was done away back in 1860,
just after it was demonstrated that the
best wheat in the world could be raised on
the vast fields of the Santa Clara Valley.
It was easy enough to grow the grain, but
the trouble was to get it to market. Haul
ing it by teams to San Francisco was slow
and expensive, so Alexander Gordon hit
on the idea of his chute, and wa3 not long
in gettine Dlenty of backing.
It took several years to build the chute,
and it is said to have cost over half a mil
lion dollars. When It was finished it was
possible for a vessel to lie out in deep
water, an eighth of a mile from land, and
have the grain poured into her hold from a
pipe or come to the deck in sacks as fast as
they conld be counted.
This was accomplished by building a
pier of piles out into the ocean the desired
privateer from entering the China Seas.
I pointed out by cross bearings on his
chart the exact position of my ship when
captured. He measured the distance be
tween this point and that at which his
sloop had been at the same time, an>l
found that we had only been about eight
miles apart.
It was by the merest accident that he
had missed our enemy. He had received
intimation from the United States Consul
at Hongkone regarding a Confederate
coaling station on the Christmas Islands,
and while on the investigation of this the
Alabama must have got into the straits.
I was now getting anxious to ascertain
that my crew was being cared for by the
United States Consul at Batavia, and more
than, anxious to get my family back to
New York, so I asked Captain McDougal
for a passage to Batavia, which he kindly
consented to give me. He was the more
ready seeing tnat I might be able to point
out to him the dread Alabama in the
event of our coming across her. When
we were all aboard and ready to sail I
told the captain that I bad served on the
warship Saratoga as A. 8., and being
shorthanded he was glad to station me at
one of the forward guns.
We cruised about the Java Sea, carefully
examining every bay and inlet which
might serve as a hiding place for the Ala
bama, but unfortunately without avail.
Arriving at Batavia on the evening of the
second day I found that the Consul had
sent my men to Singapore, where they
had shipped on various vessels. I then
engaged passages for my family in the
German ship Walachran, which was load
ing for New York.
One week later we sailed, and after an
uneventful passage arrived once again in
New York and reported "All well on
board."
But the memories of that terrible night
capture off the coa-t of Java are still vivid
in the mnuis of my wife and myself, and
will linger with usto the day of our final
voyage —
When He who nil commands
Shall give, to call life's crew together,
The word to "Pipe all hands!"
George Ccmmixg
distance, and from the end of an inclined
plane, carrying a smooth tube chute which
| reached to the top of the cliff, 150 feet
| high, on the chore. The wagons full of
! grain simply drove to the shore end of the
| chute and dumped their loads into it.
Gravity carried the wheat to the vessel
over a quarter of a mile away.
To provide for occasions when there was
no vessel to receive the grain, extensive
warehouses were constructed on top of the
| cliff, in which it was stored until wanted.
There was a little city at the end of the
chute and at least 100 men were employed
in the different departments and in keep
ing it in order.
The venture proved a failure on account
of the dangerous locality in which it was
located. Winds, fogs and treacherous cur
rents sent several vessels that were being
loaded ashore. Several men who operated
the apron at the end of the chute fell into
the water and were drowned. Loss of life
was great and after two seasons the grain
chute was abandoned.
No attempt was made to remove any
part of it until a few months ago, and it
■tood there thirty years at the mercy
of wind and waves. Not much of the old
pier is left standing now, but sc.ch as is is
most picturesque. The old piles rise
grimly from the water and the apron at
the end creaks and groans dismally. The
action of the waves has washed out a large
portion of the center of the pier so thac it
would be almost impossible to reach the
end now even if one desired to.
The work of removing the old ware
houses and other buildings was completed
a few weeks ago. All the iron work in the
pier that could be reached was taken out.
This has, of course, weakened the struc
ture so that it can't be very long before the
wayfe* wash it out of existence.
SUSPENDED OVER
A PANTHER'S DEN
Jim Taylor's Thrilling Ad
ventures in a
Cavern.
He CJung to a Swinging Vine
for Many Long Weary
Hours,
While a Pack of Howling Wild
Beasts Were Waiting for
Him to Fall.
The country along the eastern side of
the Sierra Nevada, about forty miles be
low Owens Lake, is about the wildest and
most desolate in all California. Jim
Taylor lives there and is known to
everybody for miles. He paid a visit to
the town of Keeler a short time ago and
said he had just passed through a most
exciting adventure.
According to Jim's story, he was pros
pecting among the foothill* not far from
Walkers Pass. One evening about two
weeKs ago his Durro kicked over the water
barrel and spilled the contents. Jim
started fora spring three miles away.
The spring lay near the head of a wild
and rocky canyon and Jim had almost
reached the spot, when he saw through
the darkness the form of some enormous
animal. Jim concluded not to run any
risks and crawled behind a rock to give it
a chance to pass.
As the animal came nearer and nearer it
sniffed the air loudly and Jim crawled far
ther and farther back, never attempting to
ascertain where he was going, until he felt
himself slipping down hill.
The incline was not very steep. Just
enough so to prevent bis getting a foot
hold. In an instant Jim was in total dark
ness and realized that he had slipped
into a cave the bottom of which might be
at the center of the earth. He continued
downward for several seconds and the in
cline kept getting steeper and steeper.
Faster and faster he went, expecting each
moment to drop off into an abyss, when
suddenly his foot bumped against a pro
jection and in a moment his hand caught
a substance like the trunk of a sapling.
Jim hung on, honing it would hold.
But no, it slipped out from among the
rocks and the descent was continued.
Down about ten feet, and to Jim's surprise
and horror he swung off into inky space.
He knew then that the supposed sapling
was a vine of some kind, one end of which
was fast to the roof of the cavern.
How far it was to the bottom, top or
sides was something past Jim's finding
out.
For a few moments Jim thought of
dropping off, and then he realized that
there was a sort of hook on the end of the
vine in which he could stand and possi
bly manage to hold on. It was no
trouble to get into the hook and he really
felt comfortable.
After standine in this position Jim re
membered that he had a box of prairie
matches in his pocket and also found that
his revolver and knife were still in his
cartridge belt. Jim concluded to strike
a light and try to find out where he was.
The flash had hardly pierced the dark
ness before the close air of the cavern was
filled with the howls of wild beasts. The
match burned several seconds, and looking
down Jim saw hardly ten feet beneath
him a writhing mass of panthers. They
snarled and snapped and jumped at him,
but could not come nearer than two feet of
the end of the vine.
The match burned out and Jim lighted
another and another. He tried to count
the panthers and ascertain what his
chances would be of killing them.
They moved about with the rapid
ity of lightning, jumping over one
another and howling continually. The
vine by this time had stopped swing
ing, and Jim kept as still as possible lest
it break and drop him into the den of wild
beasts. When he stopped lighting matched
tlie panthers became more quiet, but occa
sional howls told that they were still
beneath him.
For a few seconds there was absolute
silence and then Jim detected a sniffling
far above him. Beneath him the panthers
commenced a nervous, pacing movement,
but uttered no sound. Jim could hear the
twitching of their tails and the smacking
of their jaws and the sniffling sound from
above became louder and louder.
Of a sudden there was a rattling of stones
and the bumping of a huge soft body,
and Jim felt sure that a grizzly bear had
fallen into the panthers' den. He struck
a match and pandemonium reigned be
neath him. He saw the panthers rush for
the bear only to be crushed by its heavy
paws, In a short time it was master
of the situation surrounded by the whole
pack of panthers, bleeding, dying, dead.
Jim suddenly felt better and hoped that
the bear would satisfy its hunger and de
part, if it could. But the grizzly did not
want panther meat — it wanted man — and
sat among its victims waiting for Jim to
drop. Jin:, however, had no such inten
tion. He hung on until daylight came
through the cavern opening and com
menced to shoot at the bear.
He emptied the live chambers of his re
volver into the bear before it rolled over.
The rest is soon told. Jim reached the
outside world by cutting a series of steps
to the opening. He then went back and
cut a big piece of bear meat that he cooked
for his breakfast. His next job was to
skin the dead animals. He then maoe his
way back to camp feeling that he was
about $100 ahead.
SEW. to-sat:
from U.S. Journal of MtdiHn*.
Fa Prof.W. H. Peeke,
*4 A - d"+ who makes a special-
|H 's l^ty of Epilepsy, has
II p doubt treat
JL JL %r^Jtd arid cured more
y % > cases than any living
~4 Physician;
I his success
I r Ll/ 1 is astonish-
vlUCUw
. ' heard of
cases of 20 years' standing cured by
him.. He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he sends
with a large bottle of his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer, who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
.We advise anyone wishing a cure
to address V
IF.D.,4CedarSt.N.y.1 F.D.,4CedarSt.N.y.A PAGE FOR THE CHILDREN
Warmly and broadly the south winds are blow
ing-
Over the sky, one after another the white
clouds are fleeting;
Every heart this May morning in joyance is
bleating, full merrily. Tennyson.
Good-by, fairest month of spring, with
all thy fragrance and tby bloom !
Thy carnivals gay
And Queens of May!
Naught of woe to us
Thou'st brought
With peace and love
The warp and woof
Of each bright day
Thou'st wrought.
From the morn we gave to thee a glad
some welcome to the sweet sad day when
thy fragrant blossoms were strewn by gen
tle hands over the graves of our Nation's
heroes nothing but peace hast thou be
stowed on the children of California,
Queen of the West.
So we bow our heads with gratitude to
day as we bid to thee a fond farewell.
d)on£ °? tire Ancl cl j-
Rose) in Pittsburg Press.
There has come to my mind a legend, a thing I
havo half forgot,
And whether I read it or dreamed it. ah, well ii
matters not;
It la said that in heaven, at twilight, a great bell
softly swings.
And men may listen and hearken to the wonder
ful music that rings.
If he puts from his heart's inner chamber all the
passion, pain and strife,
Heartache and weary longing that throbs in th«
pulses of life—
If be thrust from his soul all hatred, all thought?
of wicked things,
He can hear In the holy twilight, how the cell ol
the angel rings.
And 1 think there lies in this legend, if weopenoui
eyes to see.
Somewhat of an inner meaning, my cousins, to you
and to me:
Let us look in our hearts and question, can port
thoughts enter in
To a soul if it be already the dwelling of thought:
of BinT
so, then. let us ponder a little— let us look In oui
hearts and see
If the twilight bell of the angels could ring foi
us— you and me :
THE LETTER
BOX
[Besides all the delightful letters from young
friends which appear in print to-day, youi
editor has also received a pleasant letter
original story and drawing from Eveline
Beaudet; letter and drawings from Annie T.
Bells; also interesting chatty letters froir
Charlie R. McNeil, Eva M. Bolger, Josle Dcs
mond. Dora Goding and Henry Sagebrush.]
THE RIVER.
Gentle, gentle river.
Gliding swiftly past;
Ever on your journey —
Ever will It last.
Over stones and pebble,
Through hill and lonely dell.
Yon will travel, travel,
But you will never tell
How you spend your time
Or what you do or see;
But ripple, ripple onward-
Onward to the sea.
Oft I sit in the shadow '
Of the liveoak'g deep green leave*,
And watch your eddying motion,
And the curious forms it weaves;
Trying to count your diamonds
In the glint of your bubble's bead,
Waltzing to endless music.
What a lolly life you lead !
■; '.:.': .-■' _____ Minnie Culver.
San Rafael, May 25, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa and my grandpapa
take The Call, and auntie reads the children'!
THE ELEPHANT AND THE
GIRAFFE
Charlotte Osgood Carter in St. Nicholas.
S*(A tljC fUJVnt to tfjf #Y*ff*,
"Yooy /jeclc (j too loft£ 1/ o^e fcalf."
He vcf Vet "<§in<? yooi n°j c
Reader *oW^ to yoa toej%
Jl\ ot^cy r yoo't ietUY not Uo^."
v}ssisty* fyp*~+tyi'
page to us every Sunday. My mamma Is deed
and I miss her bo much. lam 6 years old, but
! am not going to school for one more year. I
! have three pet cats— Muggins, Flnnette and
Munille. Muggins has a bobtail. I have four
brothers, but they are all mean to me and
i sometimes they hit me, but I tell them. when
I 1 am a woman I will have the same rights as
I they have, and that makes them mad. Your
i little friend, Gertie Butterworth.
Telegraph Hill, San Francisco, (
May 27, 1896. {
Dear Editor: The Sunday Call has become
a great favorite among the "kids" of Telegraph
Hill since up-to-date Joe B.s name appeared
in that paper.
Some of the boys think there ought to be at
least two Sunday Calls every week.
I send you the answers I tried bard to rind
for puzzles of May 24. Walter Duank.
Ocean View, May 24, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa has taken The Call
for four years. I enjoy the "Childhood's Realm"
very much. Igo to Sheridan School, and lam
in the fifth grade. I have stood at the head of
my class until last month, when I was number
two. This is my first letter, and hoping to see
it in next Sunday's Call, I close, sending the
answers to the puzzles. Your friend,
John Morrison, 9 years.
San Francisco, May 21, 1896.
Dear Editor: I have been reading the chil
dren's letters in "Childhood's Realm" and
thought I would try to write one myself. I go
to Bernal Heights School and am in the third
grade. My teacher's name is Miss Neppert.
I hope to be promoted to the fourth grade
next promotion, which will be my birthday-
June the 19th— when I hhall be eight years old.
I have a sister the same age; her name is
Bella. We have a parrot; she can talk,
whistle and sing. We have a brown curly dog
whose name is Traynor. He can do tricks; he
plays soldier. One day I went up on the hill
to pick mushrooms with Raymond Shuman.
As I was coming down the hill I fell into a
quarry and landed in the softest place in the
quarry, rieht beside a big rock. Raymond
came and asked me if I was dead. I fell
between thirty and forty feet, and 1 have the
marks yet. We think The Call is the best
paper. Your friend,
Willie Park, 149 McClellan street
Tacoma., Wash. May 21, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. My papa takes the Daily Call and I
am giad when Sunday comes, so I can read the
children's page. I enjoy it very much.
Before we moved up here I lived in Santa
Clara, Cal.
We are having nice weather up here, but I
would rather be in California. I have been
going to school for about two months. I hare
good times, but I miss my playmates down In
Santa Clara.
I guess I have said enough so I will close.
Your little friend, Alice Meyers.
Cosumne, Sacramento Co.. Cal., May 23.
Dear Editor: lam going to write you a let
ter, and hope you will publish it in The
Sunday Call, that comes to our house every
week. I think some of the pictures in The
Call are awful funny, and I like to read the
boys' and girl 6' lette:*. My papa is the Metho
dist minister here. AYe have a school and a
good teacher, and I like to study. The doctor
has brought me a new brother, he is one month
old, his name, is Victor Edward. I would
rather play than mind him, but I am trying to
be a good boy so I will become a good man.
lour friend, Robert C. Swithenbank.
Oakland, Cal.
Dear Editor: I have a cat that catches rats,
mice and gophers. He goes out into the va
cant lot by our hou«e to catch the gopher*. We
play with him a great part of our spare time.
1 made a toboggan glide on the hill, and then
I made a car in which to ride. My little sister
Ethel, James Silby and I slide down and have
lots of fun.
I live close by Lake Merritt and we have a
very fine view from our house. We can see all
over the hills, the boats on the lake, the teams
passing on the road and the cars with their
great loads of people. I hope to see my letter
in The Sunday Call, and remain your little
friend, George Davis.
Tn-ARE, Cal., May 23, 189 G.
Dear Editor : There are so many little boys
and girls writing for The Call that 1 thought
I would write, too, and see if you would pub
lish it, for this is my first letter to you. My
papa takes The Call, and I always read the
children's page. We like The Call better than
any other paper we take. I like the stories
about naughty Max, and I think I shall .try to
write one, too. Very truly yours,
Imogen*: Ruoeki, 13 years old.
Pan Francisco, May, 1890.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call, and I hope it will please you. I love to
read the Childhood's Realm every Sunday.
Sometimes I can't hardly wait for The Sunday
Call to come, the letters are so nice. lam 10
years old, and I go to Bernal Height* School.
Miss M. E, Keating is my principal. My teach
er's name is Miss Simpson. She is a very kind
teacher to me ami also to the other pupils.
Well, I think my letter is getting long, so I will
close, hoping to see it in next Sunday's Call.
Good-by, your little friend,
Nellie McKeon.
Nf.wvitj.e, Cal., May 19.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call. I
like to read Childhood's Realm. I can ride the
bicycle. lam 11 years old. My school is just
out Friday. I like to go to school. lam in the
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
seventh grade. My papa runs the tin shop. I
uake little ships. I tnink it is lots of fun to
sail the ships. I like to throw rocks at them.
: hope to sco my letter in The Call. Yours
;ruly, Gussie Wheeler.
South San Francisco, May 11, 1896.
Dear Editor: lama little girl 10 years old, j
»nd Igo to South Pan Francisco School. My
teacher's name is Miss Richards. I like to go
:o school. I enjoy reading the Childhood's
Realm very much. I bave one little kitten,
md every morning before I am up it is crying j
ior its breakfast. He is fed on bread and milk.
\9 I have no more to say I must close my let
ter. Hoping to see my letter published in next
Sunday's paper. Your new friend,
May Desmond.
PUZZLES
i. What country does everybody eat on
Thanksgiving day?
11. What city do you find on the toilet table?
111. Where are the ears of grasshoppers to be
found?
IV. What is the origin of the word news?
V. Add the name ol a part of the head to the
name of a cozy place ana get sincere.
VI. Arrange the following letters in such a
way as to form a proverb containing eight
words:
0 c's, 2 a's, 5 i's, 5 d's, 5 n's, 2 r's, 2 Vs and
1 s. M. W. R.
VII. Why is an author a queer animal?
Beatrice Kii.i.ii.f.a.
Correct Answer* to Fuzzles of May 24.
I. (a) Well (wel)
(6) come
(c) Welcome.
11. Decoration day.
111. California, San Francisco.
IV. Hose — sore— ores — roes.
V. Smile— miles— limes.
Correct answers to all or a majority of the
puzzles for May 17 have been received from
Pauline Winner, Alice Bell, Annie Branagan,
Cemille Valentine and May Gwendoline
Rogers; for May 24, from John Morrison,
Bra M. Bolger, Alice Bell, Walter Duane,
Jeanie Cohen, G. E. Moore and Beatrice
Kiliilea.
THE CUBAN FLAG.
(Ground of Triangle Is Red, Star Is
Silver. Three Shaded Stripes Illue,
Two Unshaded Stripes White.)
To an
i.
It must be a task, sir
A-hunting for gold,
Up in Alaska,
Where it's so very cold.
ii.
Now don't you wish, sir,
You'd stayed safe at home,
Even though you have a tent
Ana cabin all your own ?
ill.
Yon think you'll strike a fortune,
I think you'll change your mind;
For when the snow has melted
Little gold, I fear, you'll find.
IV.
Digging In the' mountains
While you're growing lean,
You might as well be looking
For strawberries and cream.
v.
Fo you'd better come right back
(Please take my advice),
With your empty, empty sack
To where Its warm and nice.
VI.
I'm sure we'll all forgive you
For telling such a yarn,
And if your wife should turn you out
You may roost up in our barn,
—Contributed by Mrs. S., Oakland.
A Stork
A remarkable story comes from Berlin,
»ays the New York Kecorder. Two storks
built a nest upon the chimney of a man
sion, the owner of which, finding an egg
in the nest, took it and put a goose's egg
in its place. The female stork hatched iue
egg, much to the anger of her companion,
which circled three or four times round
the nest and then flew away.
For some days the female stork fed the
young goose, and all went well until the
morning of the fourth day, when the in
mates of the house were disturbed by a
loud clamoring. The noise proceeded from
nearly 400 birds, which were standing in a
compact bod}', apparently listening to the
harangue of a solitary stork standing some
twenty yards off. After a short timo he
retired and another took his place and
addressed the court, and in this way the
proceedings continued until about 11 in
the forenoon. Then the whole court rose
simultaneously in toe air and gave forth
dismal shouts.
All this time the female stork was sit
ting in the nest, trembling with fear,
which perhaps was not altogether unwar
ranted, for suddenly the whole company
of storks flew toward her, beadeii by one,
presumably the injured husband". He
struck her violently three or four times,
knocked her out of the nest and then
killed h«>r. He next turned his attention
to the unhappy gosling, which he hkewiae
killed, after which the nest was destroyed
and the storks flew away.
Why They Quarreled.
Housekeeper (in pursuit of a cook)— Why
did you leave your last place ?
Cook— l couldn't stand the dreadful way
the master and mienus used to quarrel, mum.
Housekeeper— What did they use to quarrel
about?
Cook— The way the dinner was cooked,
mum.
To Escape the Hole.
"See what you are doing," says mamma.
You are putting your stockings on the wrong
way."
"I do It on purpose, mamma. I've got a hole
on the other side."
Spoke for Himelf.
Sayboy— "l'm thinking of going into busi
ness; is there any money in clothes?"
Bayboy— "Not a cent in mine."
BROWNIE PAT
'Mid floral floats,
And maidens fair;
'Mid soldiers bold,
With martial air;
'Mid horses prancing, /
And children dancing,
On that great day
Of the carnival gay
In San Jose,
A Brownie band
In quaint array
Rode down the street
With elfish forms and faces sweet.
Poor Pat was in hock
Till the Brownie "dude"
To his rescue ran
And whacked with his cane
The policeman
With such a shock
That it laid him out.
Hurrah, hurrah, the people shout,
Hurrah for the dude
Who took the part
Of Pat in the fight,
He's "English, ye know,"
But "He's all right."
Back to his place
Climbed Brownie Pat
With a grin on his face
And a tip to his hat,
With a wink so witty
And smile so sweet
As they rode away
Down the crowded street,
In the carnival gay
At the Garden City
Of San Jose. M. W. R.
In and out is twined about the blossoming trees:
"How do you do? Good luck to you ;
We are merry messengers the long day through,
For the elfin weavers, weaving colors gay,
Spreading cloth of gold in the King's highway."
"Be constant in endeavor" — see the darlings wait
Round the poor man's cottage, by the rich man's gate,
Girdling all the hill-slopes goldenly and strong.
Rhyming to the chiming of the wind's low song:
"Oh! how do you do? Good luck to you!"
Bellmen of the beautiful in robes of green.
Ring the coronation of the glad field queen,
Liftinc helmets to the King, they stand and say:
"Go ye forth to greet him — lo! he comes this way!
How do you do? Good luck to you !
We are merry messengers the long day through
For the elfin weavers, weaving colors gay.
Spreading cloth of gold in the King's highway.' 1
Give to me the gold dust from your sunny cells,
Teach me all the notes you know, your fairy spells,
I will guard them closely, give them as I may
Unto all that labor in the King's highway.
With, "how do you do? Good luck to you! "
Now I learn your secret, chiming bells of God,
Now I read your brave lines, poets of the sod,
'•Write your name in good deeds, sowing seed to-day;
He that runs may re«»d it in the Kinp's highway,
How do you do? Good luck to you !"
We are merry messengers the long day through.
For the elfin weavers, weaving colors gay,
Spreading cloth of gold in the King's highway.
Annie Herbert Barker, San Rafael,
Author of •'When the MtsM Have Cleared Away," which Frances Willard culls "the lovely aong o
songs." She is a niuive of New York. [Published by rcquest.J
Listen to me
And I'll tell to thee
A story new,
A story true.
On the back of the cart
Was Brownie Pat;
So proud and smart
In his tall green hat;
He bowed to the left,
He bowed to the right,
And winked at the girls
With eyes so bright;
But alack ! alack 1
As the floats came back
In the countermarch,
Right under the arch,
The Brownie "cop"
(Who was jealous of Pat
And wanted to stop
The fun he was at)
Arrested Paddy
And pulled him down
From his lofty seat
And dragged him along
The crowded street
With many a frown.
Pat punched the "cop"
With all his might
While the urchins cheered
At the funny sight
And every one thought
There would be a fight.
ESCHSCHOLTZIA`S
GREETING
iiDE resolute to do," so the poppies say,
" Ringing merry music down the King':
highway,
Clustering together, good neighbors all,
Swinging round the bowlders in a crowd
they call:
" Oh, how do you do? Good luck to you !
Leaping into laughter runs the niello?
note
Of a fairy folden in each yellow throat,
While a vagrant chorus, linnets, larks ant
' — ■ ■"•> 1 '
" Instantly the tramp jumped into the air, and then fell, groaning, on the
ground."
RITA`S ROGUE
By Georgia C list is in Frank Leslie's Pleasant Hours.
$1000 Reward.— The above reward will be
paid Dy the Postoffice Department for the ar
rest or conviction (or for information leading
thereto), of George Lewis, alias George Cox,
alias Anderson Lewis; and of Charles Haley,
alias Keuben Holt, postoffice thieves who es
caped from the Los Pasos County Jail, where
they were awaiting trial, on July thirteenth —
Then followed a description of the two
thieves and their portraits. It was the
woodcuts which caught the eye of a slim j
young girl in a riding habit, who was
awaiting the arrival of the one
daily mail in the postoffice of a West- |
crn town. She cocked her small head on {
one side and closed one eye as she loosed |
critically at these rude efforts of por- j
traiture.
"Very bad work!" she thought, "and
what dreadful faces! especially the big
man with the drooping eyelid."
And then, because the postoffice was
quite devoid of other objects of interest,
she read the notice more carefully, uncon
sciously noting the details of the descrip- J
tion of the two men.
"A thousand dollars!" she said to her
self, thoughtfully. "Just the amount
which would take me to Paris for a year
or two of work and study under one of the
great painters. Oh! if I had but the |
chance I know — "
Her soliloquizing was interrupted by i
the noisy entrance of the postmaster with !
the mail bag. It was a matter of but a j
few moments to distribute its contents, j
and Rita Allison was soon galloping across i
the prairie on her pretty bronco. She had j
two months before graduated from an i
Eastern boarding-school and had come
Oat to keep house for her only brother on
his lonely cattle ranch. Ben Allison real-
ized quite fully that for a lively and ambi
tious girl, just from trie freshness and ■
activity of a boarding-school, life amid
these rough surroundings was hardly an j
ideal existence. He was as anxious as
Rita that she should paint and study, and
ona of the letters which she brought to i
him this very morning seemed to open a i
way for this. It came from a possible pur-
Chuer of some ot. Ben's unused grazing !
land, and it contained a request that he
would meet the writer on the arrival of the I
afternoon train.
"If I sell this land," said Ben, "you
shall go to Paris. But it is rather bad to be
obliged to meet the man to-day, as I shall j
have to leave you all alone in the house. ■
Of course, you don't want to ride thirty
miles again to-day, and Peter and Willis
are out with the stock."
"Nonsense," interrupted Rita. "Do you
think I would be the one to prevent this
meetinz, which is entirely for my benefit? !
Moreover, what should I fear? Not tigers
or rattlesnakes, and certainly not human
beings, for it is days since a specimen of j
the genus homo has approached volun
tarily within our borders. And then I
have Ben Bolt," laying her hand on the j
massive head of a'young mastiff. "And this, I
too," she added, examining the charges |
of a handsome revolver, which Ben had j
taught her to use with considerable skill, j
So Ben was persuaded that Rita was not !
afraid to be left alone until late in the
evening on a lonely ranch ten miles from
a human habitation, and was soon gallop
ing away.
Rita watched his retreating figure until
it disappeared, and then she set about the
accomplishment of various household j
tasks, which kept her fingers busy, while i
in spirit she was free to wander across the '
continent, across the ocean, into the illim- i
itable realms of art. After a little she j
stepped out on the porch to cool her hot j
cheeks in the prairie breeze. She glanced |
down the road in the direction taken by j
Ben, and then she turned her eyes toward I
the great expanse of rippling green which
stretched for miles without a break.
As she gazed, quite suddenly two strange
figures seemed to spring, as it were, from i
the ground but a few hundred feet from ]
the house. Rita's astonishment was so
great that she stood quietly awaiting their j
approach. As they came nearer she per
ceived that they were very ragged and
altogether disreputable in appearance;
that one man was tall and gaunt, with
long gray hair and beard, and that the
other was younger and small, and that
they both limped painfully as they slowly
approached the house.
Rita was not a timid or hysterical girl,
but she knew that in this land of open
doors and generous hospitality two stran
gers would not be hiding thus in the long
prairie grass, making their appearance
only when they knew her to be quite
alone, without some sinister motive, and
instinctively she laid her hand on the
head of Ben Bolt, who was taking his
afternoon nap on the sunny porch.
The men seemed to observe him as they
drew nearer, for they stopped for a mo
ment and seemed to consult; then they
came on with more determined strides
and Rita noticed, not without a slight
sinking of the heart, that the older man
carried in his band a stout stick with a
thick-knotted end. By this time the dog
had discovered them and but for Rita's
hold on his collar and her quick "Down,
Ben !" he would have flown at the new
comers.
"What do you want?" said Rita in a
clear voice.
"We want food and we want money,
every red cent you have in the house, and
we want it pretty quick, too," said the
younger man, and he advanced up the
path. "Oh, you needn't go to get it, thank
you, we can help ourselves," he added.
Rita let go her hold on Ben's collar, and
in an instant he had flown at the intruder
and seized him by the sleeve of his ragged
coat. But his companion, with a tremen
dous oath, raised his mighty ;club and
struck the dog a swinging blow between
the eyes. Rita saw him release his hold
and roll on the ground howling with pain.
Quickly she stepped back into the room
and seized the pistol which was iying on
the table. The hand which grasped it was
cold as ice, but it did not tremble as she
held up the glittering weapon for the men
to ace.
"Comeone step nearer," she said quietly,
"and I fire."
In a moment both men hesitated and
the smaller one even drew back, but his
companion, with another vile oath, came
on up the path. Rita shuddered as she
realized that she must fire. She aimed a
little below the man's knees and pulled
the trigger. Instantly the tramp jumped
into the air and then fell, groaning and
swearing on the ground, while his com
panion ran limping and stumbling down
the road, followed by Ben Bolt, who had,
however, but half recovered from the blow
and soon gave up the chase.
As soon as she realized that the man
was wounded, Rita's fear of him was
changed to a far worse fear of herself, and
of wnat she had done. Overcome by re
morse, she knelt beside her victim tilled
with the tenderest pity for his sufferings.
"Oh, oh, lam so sorry!" she said. "I
must bind up the wound at once." And
with some difficulty she assisted the
wounded man into the house. Her strange
guest said not a word until he caught
sight of food. "For God's sake give me
something to eat," he said, ''I'm starv
ing." And Rita did not doubt it as he
seized and ravenously devoured the bread
and meat which she brought him.
He looked up gratefully as a dog might
do when he finished, although he said
nothing, and he was very docile and
patient while Rita washed and bandaged
the wound and made a neat tourniquet
above it to stop the flow of blooa, as she
had fortunately learned to do at school.
Nor did her ministry of mercy stop there,
for she discovered that the poor
wretch's feet were in a pitiabl? condition,
swollen and cut and bruised from what
must have been a long journey over stones
and stubble. They were tied up in old
bits of rag in lieu of shoes, and these Rita
removed and bathed the poor bleeding
members in warm water. It was not
pleasant nor an easy task, but she looked
now and then at the little silver cross on
her watch chain and worked bravely on
in His name. When she had made her
patient quite clean and comfortable he
fell asleep, evidently from sheer exhaus
tion.
As Rita moved softly about the room
she stopped now and then to glance at the
sieepiug man, and she remembered almost
i with a smile how a short time before she
had regarded him as her mortal enemy !
I Poor fellow !
j Softened by sleep, his face was still hard
| and weather-beaten ; but not so altogether
| bad and cruel as Rita had thought it when
she had first seen it inflamed by evil pas
sions. And then, as she glanced at him,
she was conscious o! having seen just such
a face somewhere before. Like a flash she
remembered the notice in the postoffice,
the pictures of the two thieves and the
description of their appearance. With a
beating heart she softly approached a little
closer. The sleeper's right arm was thrown
above his head, and on the back of his
hand were tattooed the letters "G. L."
George Lewis was the name of the older
thief. Yes, it must be be, and the small,
dark man, who had made his escape when
his companion was shot, must be his con*
federate, the other thief.
Rita was so frightened by thi9 discovery
that she trembled violently. To be alone,
perhaps until late at night, with an es
caped convict, with another desperate
character hiding somewhere near the
I house, was enough to have alarmed a
■ much braver girl than Rita Allison. But
! ji little thought soon made her see that
there was but little danger of the return of
the second thief, who had evidently been
badly frightened by the attack of Ben
Bolt and by Rita's pistol. As to her guest,
i;i looked fearfully at him as he lay
ieep, and then she realized that this
rong man was completely in her power.
La soon as her brother returned, or early
next morning, he could ride into town
I and inform the Sheriff of the identity of
i their strange guest. And Rita remem
! bered the reward!
{Concluded next Sunday.)
Estelle's Astronomy.
Our little Estelle
Was perplexed when she found
That this wonderful world
That we live on la round.
How 'tis held in Us place
In its orbit so true
Was a puzzle to her,
With no answer in view.
"It must be," said Estelle,
"Like a ball in the air
That is hung by a string;—
But the string isn't there!"
i —March St. Nicholas,
Chasing Knowledge.
Teacher— J^mes, what makes you late?
James — I was pursuing knowledge.
Teacher— Pursuing knowledge? What do
you mean?
James— Why, my dog ran off with my speli
i ins-.hook and I ran after him.
2526
SCIENCE OF MIDDLE
DISTANCE RUNNING
True Positions for the Arms
and Legs When in
Action.
Keep Your Eyes on the Finish
and Pay No Heed to
Opponents.
Suggestions in Training for Those Who
Are Fat and Those Who
Are Lean.
In this letter we will take up what is
known among athletes as "middle distance
running." Sprint running refers to dis
tances between 50 and 440 yards. The lat
ter distance.it will be remembered, is a
quarter of a mile, and it is the limit of
sprint running. Now, middle distance
running refers to distances ranging from
440 yards to three-fourth? of a mile. The
latter is popular only because it is an im
aginary even distance. As a matter of
fact, however, it is a very uneven distance,
if we are to regard a quarter, a half and a
miJe as standard races. One thousand
yards is 120 yards over a half (880 yards),
or not quite tbree-tifths of a mile.
Now tliere are some men who are won
derfully sirone at the shorter runs that
find a half-mile very wearing on them;
tnerefore all successful runners have ulti
mately to make up their minds what dis
tance they will choose. Let me give a few
illustrations of nature's peculiarities in
this direction.
Arthur Waldron, champion 100-yard
runner of 1883, time 10>^ seconds, was a
second-class man at 220 yards and posi
tively outclassed at a quarter mile. H. S.
Brooks leit Berkeley and went to Yale
University in 1881. While there he ran
220 yards in 223-5 seconds, turning a curve,
and beat the celebrated L. E. Meyers, cham
pion quarter-mile runner of the world.
Yet Brooks could run 100 yards in only
10 1-5 seconds, while at 440 yards he has
Darely beaien 51.
C. M. Smith won the half-mile cham
pionship of 1886, and I have seen him run
the distance in 2 mm. 1 sec, yet he has de
clared a quarter-mile race so punishing to
him that he never ran the distance after
his second year, when he went close to
50 sec. He found a mile the most com
fortable race. L. E. Meyers was probably
the greatest all-round as well as the most
reliable runner of the century. I saw him
run 100 yards in 10 sec. in 1880, and beat
W. G. George, champion of England, in a
run in 1885. But Meyers dreaded the j
latter distance and said that even tnree- |
quarters of a mile was dreadful punish- I
ment. H. Fredericks won the mile cham
pionship four successive years, from ISBO j
to 1883. bis best time being 4:32. Yet j
Fredericks was so poor for a half mile that
he never trusted himself with first-class
company at the distance. Moreover, he
was never known to run over a mile— at
least to my knowledge.
These statistics and illustrations demon
strate that there is a vast difference in
people, and that this difference is as true
among unners as among the mass of
mankind. It is necessary, therefore, for
the ambitious athlete to watch himself
closely, and determine by experience,
study and advice what his best distance j
is. Cases have been known where young I
men have struggled along for two or three j
seasons, running the sprints without much j
success. At length in a fit of discourage
ment they have entered a half mile race
just to change their luck, when, to their
astonishment they have won by a fine '
turn of speed.
In running a quarter of a mile a man
should get into his running almost as
quickly as in a short distance, for there is
no time to be lost. Then he shouJa take a
long clean stride and rnn himself out, re- I
niembering, though, that he has quite a ;
distance totravei. considering that it is a I
spriut. The arms should be raised and i
the *tcp must be quick— not so quick as in i
100. but as long, particularly from 100 to
360 yards. Wiiert thn latter mark has? been
passed the tu<r of w;ir begins. For ninety
yards the runner must punish himself if J
bis opponents are worthy of him. If his j
legs feel like stone and his feet like flat- j
irons lie should not concern himself, for
the men with him are just as tired as he.
When* you enter the home stretch fix
your eyes on the finish, comforting your
self that you have only fifty yards to go,
and the pleasure that will greet your vic
tory. Pay no more attention to your
opponents than if they were not present.
Look around at your peril ! Look neither
to the right nor to the left, but concentrat
ine all your energies on one thought, for
get your numerous aches and pains and
throw yourself toward and across the tape.
A balf-mile is a different proposition. In
that your stride must be long, but with
out straining. Start off with a long but
strong lope, feeling, however, that it will
not exhaust you. At 220 yards you should
feel good; at half-distance you should feel
vigorous, but not fresh. At 660 yards it is
time to feel very, very tired, but not thor
oughly exhausted, as the iast furlong is a
long distance for a man to travel who is
completely played out. Bear in mind,
however, that you will make a grrfve mis
take if you reach three-quarters of the dis
tance fresh and full of running. The only
exception to this rule is when your op
ponent is a stronger and steadier runner
than yourself and you are a better spurter.
The sprint is a snort-distance run. The
spurt is a different thing, however. It has
reference to a short distance, it is true,
but it is a burst of speed in a longer race.
If two men race for a mile, and one hangs
behind the other until 100 yards from
home and then lets out, passine his oppo
nent at the finish, ii v called a spurt.
One writer has said that three things are
required of a middle distance runner:
Speed, strength and pluck. He is right;
speed is necessary, because the distance is
comparatively short; strength to carry one
through the race at a fast clip, with no
chance to ease up; and pluck, because for
most people a hara race of a half-mile or
thereabouts is a punishing ordeal
For a man inclined somewhat to fat the
following suggestions for commencing
training will apply: Dress in a thick
sweater and heavy breeches, and take a
spin of a mile or two at an easy which
■will start the perspiration flo whip freely
Follow this by a bath and a rub down •
then start home for supper or dinner a',
the case may be. The immediate effect of
sharp physical exercise is to stupefy the '
sense of hunger for the time, so that one
does not mind having the evening meal an
hour or two late.
After the first spin the distance may be
increased to two or three miles, hot no
more. Keep this up for about two weeks,
and by that time you will find a good part
of your superfluous fat has disappeared:
the st iff not- and soreness will also have
disappeared from the limbs, and the
breathing improved by the diminution of
fat about the heart and lungs. Many run
ners are not troubled with much fat, and
can tnerefore get into condition quicker
than others.
When within a few pounds of racing
trim sweaters should be thrown aside, as
it is a good plan to have a little extra flesh
for hard every-day training, and it is not
well to take off the last extra pound until
just previous to your race, there being
some danger of your "going stale" if
you do.
Half-mile runners are generally divided
into two classes — those who have consider
able speed naturally, or who are inclined
to be stout, and those who have plenty of
endurance, or who are inclined to lean
ness. Now suob diversity of "habit," as it
is called, demonstrates the necessity of
different kinds of training. Those who
have a natural turn of speed and those
who are inclined to be stout should prac
tice distances exceeding half a mile; those
who are strong and are not exhausted by
the distance need to run quarters and fre
quent dashes of 220 yards. Those who are
not troubled with fat should not take long
enervating runs, both because it is not
necessary and because they are likely to
wear a person out. Some lean men, how
ever, are so vigorous as to be able to stand
more than others. As for running the
actual race a writer has said :
For this distance it is necessary to acquire a
knowledge of pace in order to hit off the
happy medium between going off so fast that
he runs himself out before the distance is
covered, or, on the other hand, starting so
slowly that he falls behind a greater distance
than he is able afterward to pick up. It is
very unsatisfactory to finish fresh and full of
running and yet a considerable way in the
rear.
An athlete enters on a course of sprint
running. How is he going to practice
starting if he cannot get any one to fire a
pistol for him? Necessity has provided a
substitute that, although not equal to a
pistol shot, is nevertheless very clever
and better lhan nothing. Secure an
empty tomato can; stand on your mark
ready to start, except the final position.
Now, throw the can in the air and to the
rear as far as you can. Immediately settle
into position, standing exactly as you
would if about to run the race of your
life. About the time the can strikes the
ground you will be ready and waiting;
then go off as though shot from a
cannon.
For those who are troubled with thirst,
but do not want to indulge it, accept a
suggestion. Gargie tne mouth and throa\
with water as hot as you can bear, and
General Sheridan Charger Rienzl. on
W hich Ue Made the Famous Ride
From "Winchester, 20 Miles Away."
then rinse with water meiely warm. The
philosophy of the matter is this: Thirst
is caused by a peculiar condition of the
membrane of ttie mouth. Dryness does
not alone cause thirst, for I have been
tbirsty on a damp, foggy day ; I have been
comfortable on a clear, dry day ; desiring
water on a cold and at ease on a warm day.
It seems to me that two or three things
are at the bottom of the trouble, and my
deductions are as follows: We eat our
meal--, for instance, and necessarily there
must be left on the lining of the mouth a
film of grease. This prevents the saliva
and water from saturating and refreshing
the membrane. Salt meat or fish leaves a
deposit which is sure to excite thirst.
Moreover, the saliva may issue in a condi
tion which contains less water than usual,
and is consequently somewhat like muci
lage, or "spitting cotton" it is called.
Now, these substances need to be washed
away by hot water or a little lemonade,
while the warm water is recommended to
excite a little nausea at the very thought
of drinking. George D. Baibd.
CLAIMS TO PRECEDENCE
As the tired murderer took hia way over the
hot plains of Esdraelon suddenly the Con
stable of Nod stood before him.
"Come, fellow," he cried, rudely, "thl« war
rant is for you."
Cain drew himself up haughtily.
"Sir," he replied, in a severer tone, "be a lit
tle more respectful in your speech."
The constable gave vent to a mocking laagh.
•■lnasmuch as to why ?" he wanted to know,
with a leer.
Cain pulled his mantle aDout him closely.
"Because," he replied, witn a proud gesture,
"you are addressing a member of one of the
first families."
And before the constable could gasp twice
Cain had disappeared In a cloud of sand over
the edge of the desert.
A FINISHED SMITH
"I hear Cnrry is a finished blacksmith."
"Yes, he finished day before yesterday."
"Eh— don't understand?"
"He tried to shoe a male."— New York World.
Winners OF THE OLYMPIC GAMES* OF THE JUR T ON
"
PACE'
. he W rmer appear, in the Greek Costume. The Crown Pile: of Gre cc Is umb:r d 1 , „ Bro her Irino* Geo r
Is Mimb.-ied 2 T.cr* Are ieve.a: Area.l. l ,n the'< r. wx " '
THIT SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 51, i^w
A COLTISH HORSE
AT THIRTY-FOUR
The Famous Niles Equine
for Whom Age Has
No Terrors.
He Was Always Treated Kindly
and Is a Stranger to All
Fear.
Without a Windgall or Blemish of
Any Sort— Works With a
Here Colt of 16.
The natural span of equine life is some
thing of which we as yet know very little.
Whether the domesticated animal is
longer-lived than the horse in his wild
state, or whether the pressure of civiliza
tion and the artificial circumstances of
OLD SAM, the Horse That Is Coltish at 34 Years of Age. Owned by William Barry
of Niles.
Mr. Barry's Orohard at Niles, With Cherry Trees Twenty-Five Years Old.
THE MIDDLE DISTANCE RUNNER IN MOTION.
Drawn From an Instantaneous Photograph of a Trial Heat Between SklHman and
Mac Arthur at San Leandro Three Years Ago. While the Photograph Caught
but Little of the Facial Expressions, the Positions of the Arms and Legs in
Motion Are Very Clearly Defined.
captivity tend to shorten his years, no one
has yet been able to decide.
As a general thing, however, among us,
the horse who has reached the age of 18
years is considered to have outlived his
active usefulness, and the animal who con
tinues bale and sound for twenty years is
usually regarded with curiosity and cher
ished as an object of pride by bis owner.
After 20 he is deemed, like the human
octogenarian, to be "living on borrowed
time."
There an a good many instances of
famous horses who have lived to a ripe
old age. Bucephalus, the wonderful war
horse of Alexander the Great, was 30
when he died, and Bavieca, the equine
comrade of the Cid, famed in song and
story, was not much younger at his
death.
Then there was Jafa, the white Egyptian
charger of the great Napoleon, who was
killed at the age of 37, having grown too
old and feeble to help himself and get
about. Rienzi, the jlorious Black Hawk
horse ridden by General Sheridan on his
famous rush from Winchester, died in
1878, aged 28, and Traveler, the equally
famous charger of General .Robert E. Lee.
who died soon after his master did, was
milk-white with age at the time.
I saw, a year or two ago, a cray mare by
Pilot Jr., that wonderful sire of old-time
speedy ones, who, although then 27 years
old, was as sound as a dollar and full of
life and good spirits, and an old mare that
used to pull a phaeton about the streets of
Oakland, but who died about two years
ago, was known to be long past 30. This
old mare had crossed the plains three
times from Oak. and to St. Joseph, Mo..
after which she served a dozen years or
more in various livery stables.
But up near Niles, in Alameda County,
William Barry has an old horse whose
record goes ahead even of this wonderful
old mare, who in her later days was knee
sprung, string-halt, rat-tailed and nearly
blind. Old Sam, Mr. Barry's equine vet
eran, is close upon 35 years old, and loo^
good for a dozen years more. I saw Sam
the other day on the road, hitched to a
big farm wagon beside his mate, a mere
colt of 16 summers or so, to whom his
master still refers as "the young horse."
It was such a hot day as the Weather
Bureau man has been turning out lately,
and the "young horse" was sweating
laboriously along, while beside him Sam
jogged unconcernedly, without turning a
hair.
A very handsome bay is old Sam,
grown a little hollow in the back and
favoring one knee slightly of late, a result,
his owner fears, of having been overpulled
in the recent farm work. But his eyes are
clear and full of fire. His well-opened
nostrils quiver and dilate with excitement
over every strange object, and his interest
in life is keen and unmistakable. Not a
windgall or a blemish of any sort marsh is
clean, well-formed legs and trim angles.
Even the slightly sprung knee is firm and
supple, and the old horse steps as proudly
as any thoroughbred. In fact, his fine
lines, his long, straight tail, thin, siltcy
mane and short, shining hair, together
with the stories of his wonderful endur
ance, bespeak a thoroughbred strain in
his blood, but his pedigree is wholly un
known. Mr. Barry bought him, with liis
half-brother, who matched him very per
fectly, at a sale of Oregon horses at Hay
wards in the spring cf 1868 for $4<)o. Sam
was then six or seven years old, the mate
a year or so younger. The latter died in
1887, cut down untimely by an acute illness
in the flower of his youth, scarce 24 years
old, and "the young horse" was bought to
keep Sam company.
But the old horse makes life very lively
for his youthful comrade, and is by far the
more coltish of the two. Turned loose in
the corral, after being unhitched from the
big wagon, he came first to Miss Barry
and then to his master, coaxing to have
his bridle removed, that he might the
more easily drink. Then back from the
trough he came to have the rest of the
harness removed, after which he took a
turn about the corral, kicking up bis heels
and tossing his head, eying me askance
the while as a stranger and interloper upon
bis domain. Then down he went for a
roll, and here the old fellow gave the first
indication of his extreme age. He got
down behind first, bending his knees and
letting himself down easy, cow fashion.
General Lee's Horse Traveler, Who Was
Milk White With Age When He
Died, Soon After His Master.
and after a thorough roll and rub he arose
in the same manner.
Then he came and stood beside his mas
ter in a confidential sort of way, still
keepine a safe distance from me, an inter
ested spectator of all his movements. I
never saw a yearling colt more manifestly
shy of strangers. It was only after a deal
of coaiing on my part and of sniffing and
smelling upon Sam's that he finally let me
stroke his glossy neck. "He has never
been made timid by abuse, has he?" 1
asked, somewhat surprised at this.
"Abuse! Look here," and raising his
clenched fist high in the air, Mr. Barry
brought it down with a sudden, swift
swing of the arm, but light as a feather,
straight between Sam's eyes. The old
horse never flinched or dodged. He only
blinked, mildly, and moved not a muscle.
It was evident that he did not know the
meaning of a blow. "He's not afraid he
will be hurt," said his owner.
But old Sam does not like modern im
provements. He is still pulling the high
spring wajron to which he was hitched
when Mr. Barry bought him, twenty-eight
years ago, and he does not see what this
mad, hurrying world wants of new vehicles.
In particular he dislikes the bicycle, and
only a fortnight ago took the bit in his
teeth and ran away with Miss Barry, by
way of expressing his disapproval of the
silent rival within his territory. Electric
cars and locomotive engines he can toler
ate. He has no use for them himself, and
he evidently thints them unwortny of his
notice, so passes them by with silent con
tempt, but the bicycle he "despises," and
nerer fails to create remoteness between it
and himself when he meets one on the
road.
The old horse has not been a stay-at
home by any means. Mr. Barry has
driven him in the years they have lived
together through the length and breaiith
of this great State. During one long trip,
indeed, Sam and his mate traveled, almost
steadily, for four months, averaging some
thirty miles a day, a rate of traveling that
would have taken them to New York City
with some hundreds of miles to spare.
His traveling days are about over now.
There are no more lone journeys for him.
Mr. Barry has a "model ranch" oi some
fifteen acres where the princ pal crop is
herbs. Sage and savory thyme and mar
joram grow there In long* rows between
the fruit trees. To harrow and cultivate
these, and afterward to pull big, fragrant
loads of the crop, dried and baled, are the
principal work of Sam's life now, and tie
enjoys the exercise. In fact, if "the young
boree" is taken and Bam is left behind
the big fellow wall stand and whimper
like a baby, coming to Miss Barry for com
fort in the slight that has been put upon
him.
Near the house grow great blackheart
cherry trees, p anted a quarter century
ago, and now loaded with fruit. I know
of no more delightful spot on a hot sum
mer day than the north bide of a big
cherry tree in the height of the fruit sea- i
son. The great trees cast a grateful shade;
a soft breeze steals in between the long
rows. Overhead the birds make blithe
music the while they sample an occasional
cherry. Through the ranjie of low-hung
branches you catch a glimpse of distant
hills, and above all arches the wonderful
California sky, blue with that perfect blue
that will not be coaxed to the palette of
even our cunningest painter.
Here, staked wher • he can graze upon
the crisp green feed, old Sam spends
much of his time mildly meditating upon
old times and pa3t experiences.
I left him standing thus, and shall love
to think of him living out his peaceful
last days cared for and loved by the ruaater
who, in all these years, has never let him
learn what a blow means.
Miss Russell, j
HOW MR. ST. CLAIR
EVADED THE LAW
Makes His Escape Through
Captain Dickinson's
Connivance.
Came Into This Port as First
Mate of the Big Four-
Mast Ship.
Attacked the Sailor on the High Seas
and Is Now Wanted by Fed
eral Authorities.
When Captain Dickinson of the ship
Aryan, which sailed Thursday for New
York, reac.es that port it is possible he
may be asked to explain why he took
Mate St. Clair away against the wish of
the Federal authorities. First Mate St
Clair, who is aboard as a stowaway, may
also find himself in trouble.
The Aryan reached this port from New
York some weeks ago with a general careo.
While on the high seas First Mate St
Ciair attacked Thomas Olsen, one of the
sailors, breaking tue latter's jaw. What
led up to the.trouble is not. known, but in
any event Olsen declares that it was un
provoked. The injured sailor declared his
intention of having the mate arrested as
soon as the ship reached this port.
Hardly had the Aryan tied up before St.
Clair appeared belore the United States
Shipping Commissioner and demanded his
pay. He explained that the crew would
be up later for the money due them. The
next day Olsen swore to a complaint
charging St. Clair with assault on the high
seas. The Commissioner was notified to
arrest the mate when he should call for his
wages.
But Bt. Clair had received his money,
and from then until Thursday all trace of
him was lost. All the prominent sailor
boarding-housos were closely watched, as
was also the ship.
On Monday the Aryan cleared and
Thursday sailed for New York, as already
stated. When the list of the crew was
riled with the Snipping Commissioner the
name of B. Melville appeared as first mate
in place of St. Clair. Tue officers had an
idea, however, that a trick of some sort
was being played on them, but just wnat
v was they couid not determine. When
the Aryan left Thursday a hasty search of
the vessel was made, in the hope that St.
Clair would be found. In this they were
unsuccessful.
As the ship was being towed out beyond
the heads the officers kept sight of her by
walking along the bay hhore. Out to the
Cliff House they went and there waited
developments.
When the tug returned she was imme
diately boarded, and Melville, who nad
shipped as first mate, was found. He con
fessed that St. Clair was on the Aryan,
but denied that he was a party to the
fraud.
The officers admit that they were very
cleverly outwitted by Captain Dickinson,
nut they propose to get back al him by
causing his arrest in New York. The
charge will be aiding an offender against
the Government to escape. Just. what, if
anything, will be done to Melville, who
helped to carry the scheme through, has
not yet been decided.
Just how St. Clair got aboard the Aryan
is not known, but the presumption is that
he was smuggled on at night.
CHICAGO PERILS
Mrs. Dearborn— l find it doesn't pay to hurry
when you are shopping.
Mrs. Monroe— Did you make a mistake?
Mrs. Dearborn— l married a man yesterday
and to-day 1 had to go to the clerk of the Di
vorce Court and get an order to change him.
Poetry a Disease.
Little Johnny Squanch— What is your papa's
business?
Little Clarence Pensmith— My papa Is a poet
Little Johnny Squanch— Huh! That ain't a
business— it's a disease.— New York World.
SEW TO-DAY..
After Three Years S. D. Robey,
M.D., Reports His
Cure.
His Professional Advice to His Fellow-
Sufferer* : "Take No-To-Bao and
Be Yourself Again."
,-^JP"! You are a tobacco
• <frll-T-^ nser?
-rT*^rS-S^ Whyt T T T
1 " I i ' Can't give any good
I _ L rea.son, except that
1 • jli j learned when I was
(&~ _ , J- - OTE The world move*.
/^SjO- t|H n I)L science 'evolutes, and
T"^ Can't give any good
reason, except that
JL I learned when I was
J_ - rat The world move*,
f'l Vu. science evolutes, and
Yl fxr iMZ^Pr^Vl^' ls * l DOt reasonable
1 JL4ißra^S^^that a cure should be
v) vTfiR IfT^gJ discovered lor the
M\v TM h ot)acco habit? There
I*7 jL -< lI_J is one — only one— No-
Lr (>N s-< <<<M < y^ x To-Bac— it is ab-
Ov\\ x solutely guaranteed.
. \ Thousands have been
eared, and millions will be, if they only know
how much good it will do for them. Is your
condition any worse than Doctor Robey's? He
was cured long ago, and writes under late date
as follows:
THIRTY POUNDS HEAVIER NOW.
SiGELL(ILL.), September 23, 1895.
v, Gentlemen: , I write you a note in praise of
No-To-Bac which I took nearly three years ago.
I had been using tobacco nearly 50 years. The
habit had grown on me to such an extent that
it required a pound every ten days. It so af-
fected my uervons system that I could not
sleep, had no appetite and was used up gener-
ally. On the 19th day of January, '93, 1 com-
menced the use of Ko-To-Uac and gained 15
pounds tne first month. No-Tc-Bac entirely
destroyed my desire for tobacco, and 1 have
not tasted the vile weed since. I am now 30
pounds heavier than when I used tobacco, and
I would like to say to every one who uses
tobacco, "Take : No-To-Bac and be , yourself
again. .. Very respectfully yours, *
L. D." ROBEY, M.D.
/ Are yon a sufferer from disease that you lon*
to cure and all the tlme usln § tobacco? No?
1%. i° ♦ is BOld by your own druggist under
absolute guarantee of cure. • Start your new
manhood to-day. Get our booklet ''Don't To-
bacco Spit and Smoke Your Life Away?' VVrit-
£?£?£?£* "'i^J 8 an lJ reo B * m P l « mailed
C^Thfc^roV 16 *^* Remedy
\£^S 4^^i MANHf I RF^Ttißcn " cupiDE NE-
■ \K"^^ VI •?• •*** 1¥ tion 01 a '» m v « French nhysiclan will mTi^fi ltaUz ««-.thepre3crip-
H^. X /^l X> ', \T ? ous or diseases of the generaUve lckl cure you of all nep.
m I JPQL \ &&L i?» mill^^n» 'n the Back, S m T^ >r^iV uch « lLoßtMan hood 1
"«Vea^n^^^^^
EUOOJxS' PHARMACY, 118 I'ow.u , ;r^£
HXW TO-PAT^ •
. FOR
Staying Power
Strength for
Exertion
in Training, and in all important
Games and Races, .the Athletes of
Yale, Cornell, the University of
Pennsylvania, etc., depend upontlio
great African tonic-stimulant -'
Vino-Kolafra
In cases of Tardy Convalescence,
Debility, Muscular Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Anaemia, Nervous
Dyspepsia, functional Heart Affec-
tions, Melancholia, Asthma, and the
coldness and feebleness of Age, this
preparation has proved itself to be a
tonic, invigorant, • vitalizer and
strengthener of the highest efficacy,
and adapted for the use of
Invalids of ■°*£§ 8
±11 V ClllVtO or condition.
Its action is pervading and sustaining', and
followed by no bad effect. Giving strength
to the strong it Rives greater proportion-
ate strength to the weak.
Sold by Druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
JOHNSON A Johnson, Selling Agents.
93 William St., New York.
SVITAIITYWNS
S #3,Res!oredt
:2r ll'^SS*^:!*- Failing SexualW
A Iri-'/2 A p ~\ ■£:'?* Strength in Old or£J3t
™ -a'yssC\§fc*£La 'y$5C\§fc*£L Youn* Men can be^
•-. 'VSf 5 --'^? QUICKLY and Pr.RilA-A
-i/ ./,//?&*'-' ~^S* \i£ Nently cured brmeDi
■k. %& 4m&^^^ to a healthy, rigorous^K'
w 53*1f/fii\ etBt * - Sufferers from
© MmSk Nervous X
• «JF'vM» Debility $
• \^^iW\^}/T Weakness g§|
r€ Ww'v Varicocele g
\ V\ :\\ and all wasting diseases,^*
JST 1 i . |.V UJt •hould write to me for »dTle«. Jg'
• I have been a close OwP^^kvWi? 9? 4fc
®studentformaay years r^VA^^aS? #JT.^B^
of the subject of weak- t *?¥£&s%s?£ — /&
ness in men, the fact x «^TVste^v«i3v2LS > ' W
@is, I was sufferer my- >Sfe^y?'*L WB
B*>]f. ,Too bashful to " fca
©seek the aid of older jtl/mC /jSii-wS 72?
Amen or reputable phy- exit %/ jr'^Vil\ «J
®sicians..lfnreBti ated /m'MV.'J^Mmk ™
dfethe subject deeply and C^'il Wi'Jlf/fity'/Y Wh 4&
discovered a pimple \f^f t : 4' S^*^M/W'J VI
«"^but most remarkably K«3.3i!£ jMipr X
successful Heraody va;%XvV/V\ R<M
•that completely cured vL-''V'*^N^4«9SJV.
mo, and fully enlarged ms Bh3i r 'vsy%i^w i@^
from a ehrunken, stunted
/flßkCOndition to aaturnl size v s W?&6(\\i s <W issL
tnUand strength. I want every f'/trWl't. • m£*
" "JSJ'younsoroldman to know rAjf \\l'i TSi
g^Hal'Out it. l»n::oaptr«onnl \\f« \\i fBQk
interest in snch coses, and \\\\ fill . \S9
/Qtr.o one need heMta'a to ti tM ifift
\{||pp write mo, as all communl- *&JK* V 4 V&«
cations are held strictly V ]*'
<?onn<iential. I semi the recipe of thisr«medy£*a
absolutely free of cost. Do not put it off, but^^
write me fully at one«, you will always bless £*>*
*<Wthe day yon did so. Address, | «lS
® THOMAS SLATER. linr 2283 2SL
iPShlpperoffapon»Kaliun»«.oe«ltry,K»l:im»ioo.MUh.^p
FOR ' \
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.01
SUITS made to order from $1 5.00
MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!)
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
SAW FRANCISCO.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A fine Ranch situated in Sutter
County, CaL, of fruit and general
farming; 300 acres in fruit, 250
acres in hay and vegetables. The
owner will exchange this fine
place for good business property,
as his business is such that he
cannot attend to the ranch. For
particulars apply to
ED. .. P. HUSTON,
H Woodland, Cal.
■ -^RNYSf *■■■''
whose an nlS o^"l" meutSof a own luventioi
~ • :-- '..
ffa Calehester'a En s U»h DUunond Krmod.
PEN NYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
t's-^jr'^. -Original ■and Only Genuine. a
t<( C\\ n* rt !, »I^»J» rellabl*. laoiks uk a\
t^^TrigSs ™>nd Brand ie |{ e «l M.l <kM n>.i*llicOl,?^
jjA iS*2' !0> """- ««»l«l with bine ri'ihon Take
Trj W* T£3 no otbt*y Stfuta dangvi»u ruhttttZ N7
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STs'-RW.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAKD&oa
European plan. Kooms 50c to *1 50 per day sA
to $8 per week. $8 to *30 per month: fre«Slal-
hot and cold water every room; fire^raU^fa
every room: elevator runs alliiijcrit. ° K™ l ** "»Out of the
London Art Galleries.
LONDON, Enq., May 12.— London is the
city of contrasts. Nowhere is the modern
and the old, the somber and the brilliant,
the hideous and the beautiful so sharply
or so abruptly interchanged. To come
from one of the outlying suburbs into the
heart of the town is to run up and down
the whole 6cale of human development.
Could anything be more dreary, more
sordid than the streets of so many of the
smaller districts, the tali, narrow^ smoke
begrimed house fronts, only to be distin
guished by the number and the variety of
the dressmaking and boar/ding-house "ad
vertisements. The streets are deserted as
those of a village and as silent— now and
then the übiquitous organ-grinder reso
lutely turns out his haunting memories
of Italian opera or the music-hall— a
Bounding and grotesque echo of other joys
and other possibilities. And this within
half an hour of the Marble Arch
or Hyde Park corner. On one
side the imposing dignity and
reserve of Park Lane and Mayfair; the
windows at this season crowded with
blossoms; carriages with monumental
footmen waiting at the doors; the street
a living stream, the horseß plunging
heavily between strings of hansoms and
cabs and carts and drays; riders on horse
back, and the bicycle here and the bicycle
there and the bicycle everywhere. Where
the crowd parts the people pass into
Hyae Park, where the flower-beds glow
among the shadowy trees like the ward
robe of a queen spread out for the world
to gaze upon— crocus beds, gold and red; I
hyacinths and tulips cf every size 'and
every degree of gorgeousness. They blaze
like the shop-windows in Bond or Regent
streets, where the bright, round guinea
rules and the shilling is forgot.
It costs but 1 shilling, however, to enter
the galleries — galleries upon galleries,
which it is the solemn duty of every Eng
lishman or matron, youth or maiden to
visit. The academy, the new gallery, the
English Art Club, the Grafton, the Water
Colorists and a dozen others, all within a
radius of a few miles, in Regent street or i
Piccadilly or Pali Mall. Always a new one
to be founded as a public educator, and
always more pictures to be painted and
lost sight of. And every picture exhibi
tion is crowded with eager people, culti
vating arduously their interest in art.
In America the exhibition is a matter
of moment on opening day, then nothing
could be more undisturbedly peaceful than
the big rooms full of paintings; the artist
himself is but a poor creature to be en
couraged, to be patronized, to be protected.
In the popular mind he ia along-haired
individual, with a velveteen coat, an ex
pression of genius concealed about his
person, and eccentric ideas about the sup
port the world owes him.
Here in England — or in London rather —
he is an exotic, to be kept in a hothouse
atmosphere of respect and adulation; to
be assiduously cultivated and cared for
and exhibited like his own works, and his
correctness of shirt front and collar and
polished boot is a model for the vulgar and
ignorant.
In the new gallery we have the choice of I
schools, with again the same questions of j
modern and old, hung apparently so as
to bring the contrast into the most vivid
relief. A very entertaining relief for the
humor-loving, but a keen anguish to the
soul of the dilettante with a respect for
his own sensations of delight.
The gallery in itseli is a joy, and should
touch to an ecstacy of emulation any |
One Ride lira ■
A Horseless Carriage.
The era of the horseless carriage is com- i
ing as sure as the era of eood country
roads. The champions of the horse may
poohpooh the idea and assert that pleasure-
Joying man will never surrender the steed
of flesh and blond to a mere piece of twen
tieth century mechanism; they may claim
that there is a luck of enjoyment, and ab
sence of thrill of the delightful sort, and
no end of danger in riding on a machine
run by electricity and gasoline, but they
can only rank as Bpeciai pleaders on one
side of the controversy.
The steam car was once just as much of
a curiosity, and was viewed with eyes as
skeptical as the horseless carnage is to
day. Not a hundred years has gone by
fir.cc steam was first harnessed to the pad
die-wheels of boats and the flywheels of
trains, and yet steam is beiner replaced
here and tbere by electricity and doubting
Thomases are soon made firm believers in
the beneficial results of new discoveries.
It is hardly a dozen years ago since people
declared that the electric streetcar would
never be a success. Now it is in universal
use.
Men in general didn't think that Edi
son's electric light would set the world of
night afire; but it did, and it was not very
long in doing it. A short time ago the
telephone was a curious thing. Now
everybody uses the telephone. And it
will be the same old story with the horse
less carriage. The Bubject of good roads
is being agitated from one end of the State
to the other. Down in Los Angeles
County it is proposed to make the roads
question a lecal campaign issue, and other
counties may follow the example. With
the dawning of the day of good roads in
the West will come the rising of the sun
of the horseless carriage. Manufacturers
•will cut down the prices as the demand
grows, and ultimately we shall be able to
buy an electric-motor buegy for about the
cost of an ordinary roadhorse.
"But how does it feel to ride in one of
those electric carriages?" somebody is
bound to ask. "Does tne thing shake you
up and deafen you with noises that keep
your nerves on edge? Is it hard to steer?
Don't you have serious trouble turning
corners? Aren't you constantly in fear of
colliding with some vehicle or other, or of
petting upset by running into a chuck
hole?"
All such questions may be speedily an
swered by the experience of a Call man
who yesterday made a special trip in a
horseless carriage for the very purpose of
describing all the relative sensations. He
was accompanied by J. M. Ouph of the
California Gas Engine Company, who is
planning to build a number of horseless
carriages. The vehicle in which the trip
was made is the one belonging to Charley
Fair, being the first of its kind west of the
Rockies. The route taken was through
the principal streets of Alameda and over
country roads in the vicinity of Oakland.
Comfortably sealed in the attractive look
ing carriage, a button under the seat is
pressed, an electric spark ignites the gaso
line, and the engine operates with a noise
almost like that made by a railway loco
motive in starting, but more subdued, of
course, and with the exception of the buz
zing sound of the electricity" The brake
right-minded millionaire of California, if
he be not lost to all sense of public duty.
Three rooms, with admirable lighting,
around a central court, in which a foun
tain splashes, in which there are restful
chairs and divans, in which the sculptures
and miniatures are seen against a charm
ing background of cool green palms and
waving ferns. An upper gallery runs all
around the central court and here are the
smaller landscapes and figures in oil or
water color or pastel.
Commencing in the south room we are
carried to Windsor, to Norfolk, to Algierß
with bewildering rapidity. We see 3trange
females from old legends, emaciated an
gels, personages from Greek and Northern
myths, symbolic representations of death
and time and judgment, modern ladies in
or out of modern clothes, and painted gen- !
tlemen in or out of robes of office. We
have sunset evenings and moonlit even
ings and mild nights and summer even
ings and showery evenings, days in mild
and wild weather, but in all this choice
and various collection there are but few
pictures worthy of their carefully selected
titles.
Graham Robertson, whose claims upon
fame have been hitherto largely repre
sented by a portrait of himself, painted
last year by John Sargent, has bloomed
out from a pictnre-lover to a picture
painter. He is young, he is rich, he has
a beautiful studio — built from his own de
signs, looking out upon Holland Park.
His pictures, in spite of all this against
him, are very promising. He has taken
Burne Jones and Dicksee as his tutelary
saints — only he has departed from the
ascetic grace of the former and has en
dowed his Queen of Samotbrace with an
ample charm. »
I am the Queen of Samothrace,
God making roses made my face.
And it is a goodly face to look upon,
sufficiently well drawn and very well
colored, with that clear and unshadowed
flat modeling so much affected by modern
men.
A very poetic canvas is that called "The
Page," by Mrs. Marianne Stokes. It is an
illustration of Heine's most touching little
song:
Bs war em alter Konig,
6ein Hera war schwer.
Beln Haapt war gran;
Der anne, alte Konig,
Der nahrn einejunge Fran.
The poor little Queen, moving dreamily
through a charmingly suggested landscape,
is a slim figure with a face modeled as the
early Florentine painters loved to do. She
has a little thin white cap drawn over her
fine hair that has a faint glint of gold, and
her long, green robe seems all too heavy
for such a slender creature. The page
holds the gold-embroidered silken train,
with his young, delicate face uplifted un
der a cloud of blond hair, yearning toward
the pale Queen. Mrs. Stokes has made
effective use of actual gold and silver in
the decorations of the dress. The fig
ure of the page is a little overbalanced by
his great sleeves, on which the mixture of
paint and silver gives an actual feeling of
a rich silver-threaded material.
Mrs. H. M. Stanley (Dorothy Tennant)
has two pictures not remarkable in any
way.
"His First Offense" is a rather well
drawn figure of a boy, in which the
face and ragged clothes are all done with j
rather too much of pathetic appeal ; the;
other canvas is a nude, conspicuous only
by the name of Stanley.
A really beautiful portrait is that of Lady
is then thrown off, and away starts the
carriage at any rate of speed desired.
When well under way the bolM is hardly
noticeable. It is remarkable with what
smoothness the carriage travels. It speeds
along at the rate of fifteen to twenty miles
an hour, and no vehicle ever turned sharp
corners more prettily than does this horse
less carriage.
Just ahead of us is a country woman
driving a horse which shows ajgns of fear.
The woman is curious, and is paying more
attention to the object of her wonderment
than to the animal she is driving. The*
horseless carriage turns properly to the
right. The woman somewhat nervously
jerks the wrong line, and the horse moves
toward the side on which the machine of
mystery is speeding. But there is no col
lision. The horseless carriage is guided to
the opposite side of the street in a
twinkling; and, had it been necessary, the
bra.ke could have been applied and the
wheels brought to an aimost immediate
standstill. Horses haven't got used to the
horseless carriage yet, and they shy as it
passes Almost invariably.
Tied to a stake along the roadside In the
country back of the encinal was a horse
which sprang up and sniffed as his
modern enemy appeared, and as the thing
of unseen power rolled by the horse
jumped with such force as to break his
rope, and then fled away supposedly filled
with all the terror that pursued Tarn
o' Saanter's Meg. No wonder the horse
gets maddened at this new invention. It
appears that it was not enough to crowd
him out of many of his old-accustomed
places with the bike and the tandem; but
the genius of man must even take the
shafts out of the carriages, and then whirl
over the land without the aid of any horse
at all.
A farmer and his wife drive up to a fence
on the roadside to let the machine go by.
They are both staring at it with eyes that
tell a tale of astonishment. Their mouths
are wide open. One might imagine that
farmer turning to his spouse and declar
ing, as the strange conveyance disap
peared in tne distance, "That's the darned
est concern I ever set eyes on, Jerushy. I'd
jest hke to got a squint at the ineides of it.
By gum, they're getting things down tine
as silk nowadays. Next thing some city
cuss'll come to visit our Sally in a flying
machine. Th*se are mighty fa9t days.
Things that were impossible when we was
young is jest child's-play now. I'm be
ginning to believe almost anything I hear.
Gosh ! how that infernal wagon does get
over the ground ! Jerushy, if we had one
of them businesses we'd stock it with grub
and go deuce knows where with it, jest to
show off. It's great!"
Twenty miles an hour on a good, smooth
road is a very rapid rate of speed. A
norse may make a spurt for a moment that
will pat the horseless carriage in the rear;
but the monster of electric power is tire
less, and the horse soon succumbs to ex
haustion. With the electric carriage you
may ride all day and all night, and it is
destined to be a most valuable thing in an
emergency that requires quick travel over
a long distance and where trains are not
available.
Hiding along the beautiful wide avenues
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
Mappin by J. J. Shannon. Shannon and
Sargent are the portrait painters of Lon
don. Shannon paints more frequently
the dukes and duchesses. Sargent while
A RIDE IN CHARLEY FAIR'S HORSELESS CARRIAGE.
of Alameda, the children are attracted by
the horseless carriage. They run alongside
of it, and a couple of barefoot boys strive
to keep up with the big vehicle for a few
yards. Some of the boys make bold to
hang on behind, but the strong odor of
gasoline cures them of such a notion. The
little fellows laugh and shout as the odd
contrivance rushes away from them. Near
tbe beach a halt is made and an immense
crowd gathers in short order. Tbe ques
tions with reference to the various parts of
the horseless carriage come pouring in
from all directions. One almost regrets
that he hasn't a bushel or two of pamph
lets explanatory of everything for free dis
tribution among the crowd. We toot a
warning signal and escape from the
thoroughly interested but too inquisitive
throng.
Along the beach the horseless carriage
is a drawing card. The rosy-cheeked,
ruby-lipped, blue-eyed and golden-haired
summer girl is there, and she waves her
dainty lace parasol at the vehicle, whose
occupants are getting, the full benefit of
the fresh breezes on the wing as it were.
The summer-girl would like nothing bet
ter than such a ride on a warm Junetime
day. The bathers in the water turn and
gaze at the horseless carriage. It is such
a curious affair to them that most of them
laugh outright at first and then sober down
to serious consideration. Undoubtedly, if
all the comments that are made in regard
to that carriage could be gathered and
printed, they would make an amusing
column. • •' ' . •
From the houses on the way people,
young and old, run out and look after the
horseless carriage. The occupants feel
that they are envied the luxury of suck •
not above painting the aristocracy prefers '
the singers, the writers, tbe actors and
actresses, tbe remarkable people of tbe -
century. No two men could see a model i
ride. It is a luxury, too. The traveling is
so smooth, the carriage is so comfortable,
the speed so brisk, the task of guiding so
simple and easy, that a ride in a horseless
carriace of the type owned by Charley
Fair is delightful. There is practically no
danger at all, and, despite the fact that
this carriage has been operated on crowded
streets, it has never been mixed up in any
kind of an accident. An afternoon's ride
in a horseless carriage makes a person feel
a longing to be the possessor of one. But
as soon as the counties of California get
together on the all-important subject of
good roads, and as soon as our highways
are as well graded and paved as they
should be, just so soon shall we behold a
multitude of horselelss carriages in the
West. Then the stab e-keeoers will invest
In them and the bicycle will have a stron'r
holiday rival in these pleasant vehicles, of
which at present there is only a sample or
forerunner in the Golden State.
RUNNING TO SEED
" 'Lizabeth," said Farmer Cornroe of "Var
mount," laying aside his weekly paper, "is
there any more flyleaves in the Bible?"
"Yes."
"An' is all that pokeberry ink gone?"
"Not quite."
"Got 'er goose quill 'bont the house?"
"I think so; what are you goin' ter do?"
"Goin' to write to New York for a peck o*
that'new kind o' Mardi Gras seed that the pa
pers ia talkln' so much ertxrat; want ter try it
in the lower bottom field for early pasture."
THE OLDEST INHASITANT
"Is thU hot enough for you?" asked Satan.
'•Purty warm," admitted the newly arrived
oldest inhabitant, '-but I remember som« fifty
years ago, when it was so durn hot that-— 1 '
The attendant imps, at signal, seized him
with greater difference — their point of
view is as far apart as that of Franz Hals
and Van Dyck.
Shannon has proceeded along the beaten
and shoved him down seven stories nearer the
bottom which isn't there.— lndianapolis Jour
nal.
NOW LET HER GO
Steadily the water gained on the pumps. It
was now six feet deep in the hold. The ship
was sinking.
Preparations were made to abandon the
doomed vessel and take to the boats.
With a linn hand the captain wrote a brief
account of the disaster, giving his reckoning
of the latitude ami longitude and the direction
in which he expected to navigate the boats.
Then he called for a bottle.
It was brought.
He removed the cork, rolled up the man
uscript, and was about to insert it when one of
tbe passengers, a tall Missouri colonel, hastily
■poke up.
"Captain," he said, pale, but with the ring
of iron resolution in his voice, "I see they's a
few draps left in that flask. Hand it here and
I'll empty it. • • • Thanks. Now let 'er
go."
HIS FATHER`S FAULT
Willie (studying his lessons}— Bay, pa, where
does the Hudson rise?
Pa (hesitatingly)— l don't know exactly.
Willie— You don't! Just think of it—to-mor
row the teacher'll scold me like biases on
account of your ignorance.— Truth.
SO SHE COULD FLY
"Grandma, when I am an angel will I have
wings?""
"I hope so, dear. Why do you as*?"
"'Cause I think I'd rather have a bicycle."—
Life.
IS THIS TRUE?
Little boy— The preacher says lucre is no
marrying in heaven.
Little girl— Of course not. There wouldn't
be enough men to go 'round.— La Crosse
Argus.
Some ©f the
English Color Masters.
track, soberly, conscientiously, with a |
delicate and very often a delicious sense of
character and color. " There is not a care
less touch in his reserved and dignified
portraits. How beautifully the old hands
of Lady Mappin are suggested under her
old-fashioned mits; the fur coat hanging
over tbe edge of the chair is a picture in
itself. If the head separates from the fig
ure and occupies a different position in
regard to the background it is because he
has lingered too long upon it, sacrificed
too much to it— this fine, grave, old face,
with a touch of weariness upon the heavy
. lidded eyes and a touch of the appeal of
mournful experience upon the soft, old
| moutn.
With Mr. Sargent the technique is the
first thing to be considered by the student,
the last apparently to occupy the painter
: himself. He is a pitiless reader of charac- j
j ter — the momentary confession of a quick
gesture, a furtive look, a significant smile
he seizes upon, and holds for all time as
the smile, the look, the characteristic ges
ture. It is aimost demoralizing to come
suddenly in the north room upon nis por
trait of Countess Plary Aldingen. If "the
lady herself were to walk into the gallery,
full of self-constituted critics in tailor
made gowns and "smart" hats, in her
white satin gown, with her bare neck and
•arms, the effect could hardly be more
startling. The lady has risen abruptly
from a sofa of rose satin, the folds of her
dress still clinging to it, her fan is
crushed in one hand, the other is almost
to be extended in a greeting — a
marvelous, thin hand, as characteristic as
the head. She is tall, slender to thinness ;
her uplifted head is thin, too, and as
frankly ugly as it is alive with animation,
amusement and intelligence. Her eyes
are bright and hard, her lips open in a
curious, slightly scornful smile. The new
comer may certainly expect a not entirely !
amiable witticism. Llewellyn's large por
trait of Mrs. Cosmo Beran, which balances
the Sargent on either side of a large,
decorative picture, suffers all things by the J
j contrast. The woman is a lay figure, the !
j painting is of the watery sweet order, the j
pose is absolutely conventional — a woman i
in white satin also, holding back a por
tiere. Between these two portraits is a
whirl of color, "The Garden of Dances,"
by Herbert Olivier. In the confusion of !
figures the one of Folly, throwing back a
head like a Greek faun, is delightfully gay
and graceful.
The large allegorical and the illustrative
picture, once sacred to the academy, has
evidently taken root in the new gallery
and blooms profusely as any weed — and
always with an explanatory line of prose
or poetry.
So there is "Tbe Theft of the Princess'
Swan Skin" by Colliers Smithers.
I (The land east of the sun and west of the moon.)
Burne Jones' dream of Launcelot at the
Chapel of the San Grael.
(Right so he heard a voice, etc.)
"The Game of Life and Death" is by
Philip Burne Jones, son of the great Sir
Edward, and he has taken a number of
lines:
Her lips were red, her looks were fre«—
The Dlchtmare Life in Death was she.
And the painter has not limited his rep
resentation of a "Nightmare Life in
Death"' to this picture. The landscape
men are not remarkable this year, with
the exception of George Wetherbee,
whose beautiful rich and delicate imagina
tion makes a poem of every blade of grass.
At Burlington House it is almost impossi
. ■'.: The ' Mai- Who
He was a doctor who knew a vast deal
about his profession, because he was
always studying, but at Cucugnano, where
be had been established for two years, no
one bad any faith in him- The reason was
not far to find. Meeting him always with
a book in his hand, the people of Cucug
nano said :
"This doctor knows absolutely nothing;
he reads, and reads without stopping. If
he has to study so much he must be badly
in need of learning, and if he has no learn
ing he is an ignorant fellow." And so it
came about that they had no faith in him.
A doctor without patients is like a lamp
without oil. All the same, he had to find
some way of eking out an existence, for
during his two years at Cucugnano the poor
wretch had not made enough to pay for
the water he drank. Things could not go
on in this way any longer. He had to
think of some way of ending it.
One day the news was spread through
Cucugnano that the doctor's science was
so great and potent and sublime that he
could not only cure a sick person, which
was quite an ordinary thing to do, but
that he could also bring to life the dead,
which was a miracle. Yes, he could bring
to life a man who had been buried, make
him rise out of the earth in open daylight
in the middle of the cemetery, coram
popolo.
There were very few people who lent any
credence to this report. The incredulous
said: "We must put him to the proof, see
him at work ; by their works ye shall know
them. But it is possible that he may suc
ceed, he has read so much, and they are
making new discoveries every day."
At last it was agreed that tbe next Sun
day, just as noon had struck, the doctor
in the middle of the cemetery of Cucag
nano, should raise a dead man — two, three,
some people said as many as nine or ten.
Thus it came to pass that the next Sunday
at noon tbe cemetery was as crowded as
the church on Easter day. As the second
stroke of the hour sounded the doctor ar
rived, faithful to bis promise, and he had
to use his elbows to force a passage through
the crowd. The people saluted him,
mocked at him and laughed in his face.
"Friends." said he, "I have promised to
raise up a dead man, and I will keep my
word. Keep Silence and listen, It will
cost me nothing to give you back Giaconio
or Giovanni, Nannina or Betta, Amedeo
or Simon. Would you like me to raise
Simon — ah, what was his name — Simon
Capannaro — he died of pleurisy hardly a
year ago?"
"Excuse me, doctor," said Catherine,
the widow of poor Simon. "He was a
good man and mado me very happy. I
almost cried my eyes out for him; but
you won't raise him no, because, you see,
toward tbe end of the mouth, to please
my relations, I am going to marry Pas
qualone, and the banns have already been
published."
"You did well to tell me, Catherine,"
said the doctor. "Then we will bring
back Nina Carota, who was buried last
Candlemass."
"For pity's sake, doctor!" cried Gia
como Carota. "Nina was my wife. We
lived together ten years — ten years of pur
gatory, as all Cucugnano knows. Let us
ble to see the pictures. On the 4th of May
was the official opening and the crowds
move in masses through the ereat door
ways. On Monday evening the great din
ner at Greenwich for the new and old
members of the academy was held, a din
ner saddened by the recent death of the
president, Sir Frederick Leighton. The
last canvas to be completed by the former
president of the society is exhibited for
the first time. The "Clytie" is drawn
with the ease and dignity of the master —
the classic period dies hard, but at least it
has always had one recommendation to
the sincere lovers of art— its careful draw
ing and the lacK of any of that delightful
license that makes impressionism, so
called, an excuse for so much bad painting
and drawing.
In the academy the moderns have an
ample field for all forma of eccentricity ;
the ancients for all forms of classicism;
and if we must have bad let us have the
bad art that is frankly bad, not a mysteri
ous darkness on a salad of every color in
the rainbow.
Bituminous art has also developed in
proportions which are becoming really
alarming. I have seen, or rather I have
endeavored to distinguish, asphalt lovers
embracing under a cart-grease wall. These
phantasmagorias in the "note noire" will
very shortly, unless something is done,
suppress the solar system. White upon
white is extremely hard to paint, but
black upon black— nothing is easier.
These are fantastic ideas, devoid of sin
cerity ; where there is no sincerity there is
no painting. Modern art is unquestion
ably menaced by serious dangers. Im
pressionists have been told that they were
feeling their way. It must be admitted
that they have not yet foaud it. In fact,
if the plunging of figures in a fog more
or less dense is true .-irt then the art of
Rubens, of Rembrandt, of Theodore
Rousseau, of Corot, is false art.
As a whole the exhibition at the acad
emy is a shade better than it has been for
some years. The academy picture, the
classic and time-worn allegory, the por
trait against a stormy and impossible
background, ail these are still the charac
teristic wall decorations, but George Weth
erbee has four or five delicate landscapes,
Alfred Parsons two or three ratner too
sweet but beautifully painted, Walter Os
borne three or four exquisite portraits,
one of a woman in gray against gray, with
a violet sash and violet eyes.
Sarpent has four portraits. One of Jos
eph Chamberlain, the Home Secretary, is
only to be seen under the elbows or be
tween the heads of tbe people who sur
round it; one of Mrs. Lan Hamilton,
which is unusually charitably handled —
the woman is sweet and has a winning
and unaffected smile.' The slender figure
is hidden under folds of chiffon so lightly
painted it seems impossible to believe the
same hand can have managed the broad
sweep of the satin folds. The other
portraits are not distinguished.
Frederic Yates, a one-time San Fran
ciscan, has two portraits, of which one —
the Daughter of Sir Joseph Spearman,
Bart.— is by far the more charming. Mr.
Yates has a very happy touch in painting
children. Nothing could be more delicate
than the childish gown, the big white col
lar, the flowers in the little hands, all in a
luminous shadow.
The portrait of Frederic Harrison, by
W. W. Vuless, is a powerful piece of paint
ing, interesting from every standpoint,
that of the painter and that of the student
of character. Van Dyck Beown.
remain as we are, both for the peace o!«
her soul and for that of mine. I could
say a good deal more, but — "
"Very well, I see that it would be a
martyrdom for you to have two wives.
But whom shall I raise up then, good peo
ple, for I have eot to give you back some
or . Ah! there's old man Pietro."
"Pietro di Massovecchio V" said Felice
Buonpugno.
"The same."
"Poor old father. Heaven will reward
you, doctor. He was certainly a good
man, but don't bring him back because it
would throw our affairs into such a tangle
that we should all fall to quarreling, and
that would breafc his heart for he always
liked to see us at peace. After a long law
suit we have divided up his property;
there are six of us, and though we are not
exactly in want, none of us are too well
off."
"Then you don't want him?"'
"Excuse me. You see, doctor, if you
brought him back we should all have to
give him a pension, and the crops have
been so bad this year you know that the
vines will bring in next to nothing and
the olives are mildewed."
"We will let old man Pietro sleep. But
whom do you want?"
"Ghita, wake my Ghita," exclaimed an
elderly woman, weeping lilce a Maddalena.
"No, doctor, don't bring her back,"
cried a young girl. "She did well to die.
She left me tbe dress she was to have
worn at her wedding, and the man who
loved her has fled with another."
"Poor, poor Ghita! I am beginning to
get tired. To put an end to this I will
wake up Gringaletto, who was choked
eating larks not a month aa;o."
"I won't have it, I won't," cried Louise
Gringaletto. raising her arms. "For ten
years I have supported him and he never
earned a cent. Npw I am beginning to
pay up our debts, and it would not be just,
doctor."
"How many excuses! Do you see that
little cross of wood there? It is the grave
of a poor baby, scarcely ten months old.
It would perhaps be a sin to raise it, but
if you say the word — "
"Doctor," said a poor woman, weeping,
"the little one is ours, alas! and I am the
grandmother. My daughter buried it, and
if you had seen how beautiful it was! But
heaven takes with one hand and gives
with the other. Now my daughter has
another. We could not take care of them
both, and we are not rich enough to put
one out to nurse."
Then the doctor exclaimed: "Enough
for to-day. Since you do not want m« to
work the miracle I will do It another time :
but I beg you to agree beforehand on the
person that you wish me to bring back."
And he went off.
From that memorable Sunday the doc
tor has wrought miracles at Cucugnano.
It is true that he has not raised the dead,
but he has saved the lives of the sick.
Tt»e people have faith in him : "Because,"
they say, "if he did not keep his promise
in the cemetery it was not his fault; to
tell the truth the fault was ours, Jor we
wished our dead to remain underground."
[Translated for The Call from the prove ncal
ol J. Boumwiille by mable Evelyn Lisikbj
2728
NOVEL
lrwmt<*°n °f Movt^j
a/^ a ]PvoAoet °J
V 9
Home QJaj-U-/
The exodus to-morrow will be general,
but considering the season was over so
long ago the past week has been fairly
gay, for the theaters have been well pat
ronized, Ada Rehan's gowns having been
an interesting topic of conversation. They
are certainly delightfully artistic crea
tions.
On Thursday evening Golden Gate Hall
was well filled with the friends and ad
mirers of the Young Ladies' Orchestra.
Ever} 1 one said what a pretty picture the
girls presented on the stage, and numer
ous were the compliments on the way in
which they rendered the most difficult
selections. Again the young people had a
gay little dancing party. About fifty
guests were present.
Several yachting parties were given on
Saturday and such affairs being delightful
are very popular, and as a natural result
they are increasing in frequency. Many
handsome toilettes will be in evidence at
the Grace Church wedding next Tuesday.
The bride is an unusually stylish young
woman, so we may expect her bridal gown
to be a beautiful conception.
As for bodices, we can safely assert that
never have such beautiful creations been
seen before. One of a lanciful gauze is
striped with wnite, and comes direct from
Paris. It has a silken flower on its surface,
set into bouilJonnes from neck to waist,
alternating with narrow insertions of lace.
The sleeves are quaintly arranged and fit
the arm closely, and the bouillonnes and
insertion appear again on them. They
only extend to the elbow, and there a frill
completes them. One more attractive,
perhaps, is of white lisse embroidered with
steel and silver sequins. This hangs over
a bodice of kilted lisse. The sleeves of
white chine are of the latest style. No
less charming is a conception of chiffon,
made over tulle green silk of the softest
shade. This one has bretelles formed of
guipure, with tiny medallions of painted
linen in an artistic design. Down the front
are kilted chiffon frills, edged with hne
mechlin lace. The lisse sleeves have a
lawn applique traced with silk. Much
chiffon appears. A youthful belle in a
green and pink watered brocade is a pic
turesque figure. Ii is made with a sort of
zouave effect, with two revers. One has a
lawn and lace applique and the other a
friL of pink chiffon Dordered with lace;
the kilted vest is composed of pink chiffon.
Another of her dainty belongings is com
posed of blue chiffon over blue silk. The
complete front is of bouillonnes of ch.ffon
and lace insertions, out of which also are
the sleeves made, and again a zouave effect
is noted, and this is headed with a chifion
frill. For any one in half-mourning, a
bodice, with a vest on white lisse and black
lace, makes a good combination with a
gray and white chine brocade.
A stylish waistcoat, strictly a la Louis
Seizel, is of a gray and white slace, alter
nating with a conventional pattern of
many lines. The r&vers are of white satin
covered with black lace; the Iront is of
white chiffon and black lace.
There is a positive craze for old brocade,
as the smartest women are having their
waistcoats, lapels, cuffs, etc., made of it.
Even scraps are utilized to great advan
tage.
£uch a pretty theater bodica was lately
. worn, of white gauze with narrow hori
zontal stripes.
I give you an excellent illustration of a
Worth waist which is simple and costly,
being of a pale rose elace silk covered with
several layers of creamy mousseline de
soie, which is exquisitely embroidered in
tiny opals and amethysts.
The other waist given was made here in
grass-linen lawn over emerald-green silk.
It hag cross-bars of the finest embroidery
on the linen, through which gleams the
lining. The seams of the skirt are joined
by lines of insertion. The gown is charm
ing and worthy to be worn at the prettiest
garden party of the season.
There is a rage for batiste East. As a re
sult many gowns are evolved from this
fabric. One of embroidered batiste has
the bodice striped with lace insertion.
The sleeves are very small, without any
epaulet effects, on a small, short puff on
top, made with bouillonnes and frills of
the plain batiste, edged with la.cc. Little
lace-edged frills surround the neck.
A young widow, soon to be married
again, will, on the occasion of her second
wedding, wear a rich heliotrope brocade
sprayed with white flowers. The dress is
extremely graceful and well cut and has a
vest of creamy mousseline de Boie, on
either side of which are motifs of cream
white gnipure run with silver thread and
embroidered with sequins. A chic bonnet
matches the gown to utter perfection.
Among the trousseau dresses one of black
and gold canvas overshot green silk is
novel and beautiful, shaded sequins form
ing the vest, and trimming the oodice as
well, as is also a dinner gown of black
figured gauze overshot pink glace.
The skirt a well hung and the low
bodice is adorned with insertions
of jet passementerie. The traveling
frock is of navy biut alpaca with a Louis
CJuinze coat, which has a vest of cornflower
and green and white silK crepe, com
pleted by a white cloth bead passemen
terie. This pretty woman has also a
goodly collection of tea gowns; a spirited
pink one of muslin is made elaborate with
wide frills of lace and epaulette-like ar
rangements fall over the shoulders.
A flutter of pink satin ribbons gives it a
duinty finish ; but I prefer a tea gown of
an exquisite China silk of a grayish hue.
The collar and cuffs are a la Vandyke of
muslin lace insertion and edging.
One of her morning gowns of light blue
zephyr has a collar ol white embroideried
muslin lace edged and tied with blue
ribbon.
The very latest of toilet articles are of
solid silver, coated with burnished steel,
ornamented with monograms or crests
wrought with gold wire." These articles
are saui to require but little cleaning, and
in appearance they have that air 01 sim
plicity s ■> much in vogue. Another toilet
novelty is a set of silver beautified with a
number of lUynolds' angels emerging from
a background o f clouds. These picture*
show a combination of duJl and bright sil-
7 e J- Such a get for a toilet-table would
indeed be a welcome and most artistic
acquisition.
Shoes of a chocolate-colored kid are
making a hard tight for popularity. The
very pointed-toed shoe is a thing of the
past, the moderate toe is both comfortable
and sightly. Laced shoes are more in de
mand than ever as they give a foot far
better support than the buttoned boots
and a well-formed f oo t is much more
beautiful when so *hoa. At mo*t shoe
shops if you ask for laced shoes and for
the latest toe I trust you will not have my
experience. But do not let me discourage
you, the shoes are in town and are to be
bad if you have the patience to find them.
In leather goods tnere i» a new cycling
knicker and gaiter combination Long
trunks, especially made for shirts, accom
pany many a belle in her Bumnier travels.
THIS WAIST WAS MADE BY WORTH.
!L\:A\?*a Slctyt.
The alpacas being made up for the coun
try are innumerable, and a good model
has a plain skirt and a coat with a short
basque reaching the hips. A belt round
the waist is necessary, and the front por
tion of the bodice turns back with a large
square collar, which extends to the waist
and reveals a waistcoat of white pique
made to overhang the belt, and falling in
tucks from a round yoke. It turna over
at the neck with a collar of pique, which
rests on a band of gayly colored velvet or
ribbon.
Very fetching is a frock of one of the
new kinds of canvas, which strongly re
sembles crepe, and has a surface like
grenadine. It is of a new and delicate
shade of gray, with a waistcoat of chine
silk, having a white ground. The lauds
suggest the Directoire style, and this sug
gestion is further carried out by a lar^e
cravat of tulle ed^ed witn lace. Speaking
of cravats reminds me of the fact that
they are to be quite an item this season,
as the most becoming are of mousseline de
soie or tulle, and these cannot be worn
more than three times at the most.
The costume consisting of a skirt and
coat or skirt or cape is in high favor. As a
result the delightful mantles which were
expected to enjoy ao great n vogue are be
ing passed by with scarcely a glance, so
from Paris comes the news that a new de
sign is offered for our criticism. It is said
to combine the advantages of the coat with
those of the cape, as the bodice portion is
tight back and front, while loose epaulettes
do duty for sleeves and only reach the el
bow. Ido not imagine this style will be a
favorite, although it is not bad when made
up in a soft black satin with an applique
of white lace richly jetted. Ruffles of
black chiffon give it a pretty finish. Now,
for a very slender woman this might look
rather nicely. However, there is no need
to say that but few will be seen in this
City.
No style is so uniformly useful as onr
skirt and coat combination. A good dress
is one made of a light covert cloth. It
consists of a skirt and cape, silk lined. It
is machine stitched and has a velvet collar.
When lined throughout with white satin it
is very dressy and if a coat bodice of the
cloth is added it will be yet more useful ;
such a bodice must be cut away to reveal
a tight-fitting waistcoat in a silk or satin,
which will contrast well with the rest of the
gown. Such a garment will prove economi
cal if made of the best material by a good
tailor. An attractive tailor suit worn by a
stunning matron here is of a very fine brown
cloth with a waistcoat of an extremely be.
coming shade of green. This combination
was repeated in a jaunty little toque of
rough brown straw, as its trimmings were
all in green.
English whip cloth is liked for severe
costumes, and, with a fancy waistcoat and
jacket, such a dress may be considered
truly satisfactory. The success or failure
so frequently depends on tne style of the
waistcoat that too much care cannot be
exercised in its selection.
Women who are not blessed with large
incomes contemplating a European trip
should strive not to accumulate during
their travels trunks full of useless trumpery
articles. I hea-d not long aso of a spin
ster in straitened circumstances who hap
pened to visit the "Bon Marche" when
there were a number of articles on special
sale. A beautiful display of silk petti
coats attracted her and she at once pur
chased tnre&orfour, then she encountered
some equally fascinating dressing sacques
in which she invested largely, and so on
through that irresistible chop, until
the poor woman, realized that instead
of spending two or three months
in travel she must soon be thinking of
home, as she had spent far beyond her
means. Now Ido not presume most of us
would be quite as foolish, but many of us
would invest in totally unnecessary
articles. I advocate, on arriving at Nice,
purchasing good lace, black as well as
white, for, even if costly at first, in the
end it is one of the very best investments
that can be made, for see how many dol
lars are foolishly wasted on novelty trim
mings and embroideries which quickly go
out of fashion, a thing good lace
never doep. For a matron a set of
fine old black Chantilly is simply in
valuable, for after it has been worn for
years it will come back from the menders
and cleaners as good as new. But of all
horrors deliver me from imitation black
lace, it always loudly declares that it is a
eham and will never fall in graceful folds
and always becomes rusty and rumpled
quickly, but the real ar'.icle has a wonder
lul way of bestowing an air of distinction
to even the simplest of gowns. Really
good fine lace is an excellent investment,
as it will increase instead of decreasing in
value as the years pass. But no one
should ever send lace to* even the
finest of French laundries, it must
be sent to those who make a specialty of
mending and cleaning lace only, and
there are several women in this City who
make a comfortable living doing just such
work, and no piece of thread lace need
ever be tnrown aside as useless because
torn, as it can, even when in an apparent
ly hopeless condition, lie renovated by the
experienced lace mender. Apropos of this
subject I quote a few lines from an undis
puted authority: "Real lace, such as
Honiton, guipure and duchess, are lavish
ly used for entire parasol coverings, or are
combined with silk— white or black most
notably. An applique of point d'An^ler
terre on a black silk or satin parasol is ex
tremely effective, and, in fact, so great a
favorite is this method of trimming nets,
tulles, gauzes, lisse, as well as velvets,
silks and satins, that it may be considered
the great fad of the season."
Some beautiful tea tablesare so arranged
that by touching a spring the tea things
vanish from sight, leaving an ornamental
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
table. Men are said to appreciate these
articles of furniture as in most cases for
brandies and sodas, etc.
A perfectly new ribbon looks like alpaca,
but is more snlky in texture. One of pale
green shot with white adorned a wee
woman's hat which suited her delicate
coloring to perfection.
Curtains for country houses are being
evolved out of the most artistic of mus
lins, and at one beautiful house all the
curtains (on the first floor) are of guipure
lace. The windows of the second story
are fitted with the simplest of dotted mus
lin prettily filled. A muslin just put on
the market shows an attractive Oriental
blending of colors, gold, blue, crimson
and terra-cotta making a harm onious
whole. It is quoted as an "Armenian
striped muslin.
1 have been reading about some surah
silk blouses which have a patent elastic
lining, which are warranted to ht any
figure. A "clever invention," the writer
says. It may be clever, but I certainly
shall never invest in any such absurdity.
Girls are wearing belts of iridescent
beads. They are made in steel, mounted
on elastic and buckled with steel.
Ospreys are so extremely fashionable
that many ornaments for the hair take
that form and are the most admired for
the moment. They are composed of
SOME OF THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN PARASOLS.
emeralds and diamonds. To very fair and |
equally dark women emeralds are es
pecially becoming. Indian emeralds are
very uopular en cabochon.
A delicate perfume must linger about
one's laces, veils/ and gloves. 1 consider
thr-t fresh violets or orris root give the
most de'ightful of all perfumes', however,
in Paris eau de cologne he^emonienne is
much liked, but then every month a pew
discovery is made in this direction, and
for the moment it is considered cofrect to
use it; however, this particular cologne is
of especial excellence, so order a bottle if
you visit that gay capital.
Among the latest arrivals from Paris are
the transparent velvet dotted linons,
blue de France, rose-roi, mordores. orchid
mauve; Dluet and apple-ereen are among
tbe colors. Tremendously expensive are
the hand-embroidered linons in floral col
orings and designs as well as real lace in
sertions. Less expensive linons are to be
had in plaids, which show chic combina
tions of colors, which are both stylish and
becoming. Ma'kcella.
ST. IGNATIUS COLLEGE.
Elaborate Commencement Exercise*
Programme to Take Place.
The rhetoric and grammar classes of St.
Ignatius College will hold their thirty,
seventh annual commencement literary
exercises at the college to-morrow evening.
Following will be the order of exercises:
Overture; introductory; Clarence Carrigan,
"Humanities"; essay, "Fourteenth Centenary
of the Baptism of Clovls," G. G. Fox, "Rhet
oric"; chorus; poem, "The Basilica of the Sa
cred Heart, Montmartre," • John Carrigan,
"Humanities"; Latin specimen, "De Bono
Discipnlo," Rich. Lloyd Williams, first gram
mar; chorus; debate, "Resolved, That a class
ical education is, generally speaking, ' more
useful than a purely commercial training";
affirmative— William Barry, first . grammar;
George Svetenich, third grammar; negative
Henry Fanning, Humanities; George Harloe,
first grammar; music; distribution of ordinary
prizes.
. • .
Park Music To- Day.
The following attractive programme has
been arranged for the open-air concert in
Golden Gate Park this afternoon:
"Queen'Klora's Triumph March"™ L. Meyer
Overture, "Fra Dlavolo" Auber
selection, "The Grand Duchess" Offenbach
\V»ltr., "Venus Keigen" Uungl
Burlesque Rondo.,
Overture, '■William Tell" Aosslni
I'reludi: from "Lohengrin"- Wagner
Grand selection, "Alda" Verdi
••hprins song" Mendelssohn
"Cyclists' Galop" J. >'. Spring
Things
1L lion£-<WWa (Coat
*\ tire M*y Fvom
In England a coat in shape litre our old
cutaway, having long tails, the skirt being
narrow at the bottom, is very popular
for morning wear. It is made of vicuua or
Cheviot, As yet this fashion is not in vogue
in this country, but is en route. Decid
edly smart is the double-breasted French
coat with three buttons. The lapels are
pointed, and In width are about two
inches wide at the bottom and two and a
quarter at the top. The silk facings ex
tend to the ends of the buttonholes. The
long and full skirts are things of the past,
and the present frock is a decided im
provement, being shapely if rectangular.
A dull black surface cloth with a slight
twill is most fashionable. It should reach
just a little below the knee. The shoulder
must be broad and the skirts are square.
For frock coats are also being made of
rough and mixed goods, gray, gray pinhead
checks and brown mixtures in rough fa
brics. The trousers are of the same, and
waistcoats may match, although fancy
waistcoats are more generally seen. With
frock coat suits of brown, white kid gloves
with black stitching, white or brown spats,
the latter in better taste, patent-leather
walking boots and a silk hat are worn.
East boys of 10 years and over wear in
the evening Tuxedo coats, black silk stock
ings or loose patent-leather pumps, dress
shirt, black satin tie, and waistcoat of the
same material as the coat.
For the evening the smartest men are
wearing white double-breasted waistcoats,
which have a narrow collar, are low "U"
shaped, and have three buttons.
Evening shirts are made with two but
tonholes, and either pearl or enamel but
tons are used. The collar is straight, tall
and stand-up, and a white tie ot plain,
pure white linen, cambric or mull much
starched is always seen tied in a square
bow shape.
The ends are square. Sometimes white
pique ties are seen, but they must be abso-
lutely plain. After 6 p. M. all men who
make any pretensions to dressing, are in
their dinner jackets or evening coats.
When in evening dress men never are
seen without the crush or opera hat.
During this summer the round-toed boot
will entirely take the place of tbe pointed
ones, and no well-dressed man will make
the mistake of wearing the old style.
Black walking boots will be most correct,
but the russet will be seen occasionally in
the country, but they have gone out of
style.
Cycling, golf and tennis suits are in
great vogue and can be worn until the
dinner hour.
Light gray trousers are always worn
with a black frock coat.
Trousers are quite full, but not in the
least baggy, and must have no perceptible
spring.
The straw hats have narrower brims
this season and high crowns.
An authority gives this valuable infor
mation :
Yachting — Blue coats and white dnck
trousers or blue flannel suits will remain, as
ever, popular with yachtsmen.
A new English yachting rig is of blue serge.
The coat Is dingle-breasted, after the cut of a
reefer, made to fit rather loosely. Three
pockets. Length of garment, twenty-nine
inches. Four buttons, square cut. The double
breasted reefer is worn by officers, rank being
designated by braid on sleeves.
Tennis— Tennis trousers are cut wide and
long. The jacket is cut with a whole back,
with three pockets with flaps.
The materials are flannel, striped and plain,
and serges. There is some taik ot using bright
hued flannels for tennis. White duck trousers
and sack coat can also be worn In playing this
game. The straw hat is the proper headgear.
Golf— Golf club uniforms embrace simply
the coat, which is made of red cloth, with in
signia or button of club. The knickers are
usually of tweed or Scotch goods, but some
Englisn clubs have made them of white flan
nel, which contrasts well with red coat.
In midsummer a popular golfing suit is
mnde of brown Holland. Otherwise the golf
ing and. cycling suits are identical in make.
Brown is the favorite color. The coats are
sack, with broad back. The golf costume can
serve for hunting and shooting.
Golf and cycling clothes are lined through
wiih flannel. . C. C.
A WOMAN`S QUERY
Mr. Gummey (reading from the morning pa
t>er)—Several hundred pounds of nitro-glyce
rine Went off in the oil regionsiast night.
Mrs. Gummey— When do they expect it backT
—New York World.
THIS WAIST WAS MADE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
A /Ho^a<V <|jo<'t. ,
Out of black and white mohair has been
volved a stylish costume. The coat Is
close fitting and double breasted, with
revers of black satin edged with a pretty
fancy braid ; from below these extend
white satin revers. Six buttons of antique
pattern adorn the front. The cuffs con
sist of a black one which appeurs to be
turned down over a white one. This
gown is lined throughout with whit • satin,
a great piece of extravagance, but then I
know to give the necessary cachet dollars
must not be considered. However, 1
should suggest a lining of gray glace, for
a really good white satin means a con
siderable outlay. Of black camel's hair
cloth is another excellent dress. Its
bodice fits closely and has flaring revers
of green velvet which are almost concealed
witn gnipure lace, which is embroidered
with bright green sequins. The narrow
cuffs carry out the same idea. Two but
tons of very fine green enamel add much
to the style, and a belt of the same appears
to hold the bodice in place. The bodice
has a full ripple surrounding it. The lin
ing is of green silk. Only tall, slender
women look well when large revers are
worn.
A stylish visiting-dress has just been
made of a reseda habit-cloth— and what
do you think of a dinner-gown. composed
of the richest sky-blue satin, lined with
lilac silk? The combination is assuredly
novel, The bodice is of "ruiroir velvet,
arranged in fiutes over a stomacher of
line guipure lace, studded with paste-dia
monds." This frock is excellent, but even
more do I admire one having a scarf of
corgeous old gray brocade, covered with
a black-and-white pattern, and a basque
jacket, fastened with rare old cut-silver
buttons. The tucked sleeves, yoke and
fichu are of ivory crepe de chine. Another
visiting-gown is of moss-green lace cloth,
with a fetching little coat, which is double
breasted and fastened with three large and
beautifully jeweled buttons. Collar and
vest are of white cloth embroidered in
green and gold. The deep collar and cuffs
have an edging of the white cloth em
broidered well.
For everyday wear blouses of bandana
silk with vivid Oriental colorings are
recommended to schoolgirls as being very
chic with almost any darK skirt — they are
bo much more becoming than plaids.
Some of the prettiest sleeves lately seen
form a point over the Land and are ruffled
well above the eloow, where they are
drawn into becoming puffs.
How desirable are ti:e Persian taffeta
handkerchiefs. The Oriental colorings
and designs are in the highest sense ar
tistic and their foundations are brilliant
and changeable. Small wonder that they
are the dernier cri for trimming the smart
est of bodices and are as yet an exclusive
mode.
ISo greatly in vo^ue are shirt waists that
almost weekly we hear of a novel one, and
for bicycling an excellent shirt has just
heen made of vyella, which is the thinnest
flannel I have ever seen and exquisitely
fine. This garment is of a delicate pink,
through which runs an infinitesimal strip
of fawn color, and is made over a close
fitting lining. The box pleat down the
center and the belt are of white pique, but
the turndown collar ard cuffs are of fine
linen.
Among the latest styles in gloves are
white kid with black stitching and a
turn-back cuff of black suede. Some
white and lavender kids have simply
novel black stitching. White gloves with
ventilated tan palms are liked by many
wheelwomen. Light lined Suedes are
liked when of the best quality of kid.
An exquisite fan has sticks of carved
and gilded mother-of-pearl. An applique
of Brussels lace forms the frame for an
artistic little miniature on gauze. Fans of
tortoiseshell and lace and those of mother
of-pearl and gauze are alike beautiful with
the plumpest and pinkest of Cupids, gar
lands oi roses and fleecy clouds.
THE DOG TOOK HOLD.
F. W. Armstrong Wanta the Value of
Turn Clothe* and Damages.
F. W. Armstrong is suing Charles A.
Davis for $5732 50 damages for injuries.
In his complaint he alleges that the de
fendant on the 30th of May, 1895, was the
owner of a large and vicious dog, which
was permitted to roam freely upon the
public streets, the owner being at all times
aware of the vicious tendencies of the ani
mal. On the day mentioned the plaintiff
happened to meet the defendant's dog,
and at once the dog proceeded to exercise
his vicious tendencies. The inventory of
damages ia as follows: MeJical attention
and medicines, $125; loss of personal prop
erty, to wit, pantaloons, $6; loss of per
sonal property, to wit, underwear, $1 50;
damages for being kept from business at
5150 a month, $600; total, $732 50; further
damages by reason of defendant's negli
gence, $5000.
Technical Protest.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— The South
ern Pacific has filed another protest, this
time to the opening of Castro street to the
water front, on the ground that the law
under which the Board of Public Works
proceeded is illegal.
NEW TO-DAY.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
[SALT and I
I PEEPER.
t ■ — • •■ «
i In response to many requests, %
£ jxs££!*L another sale of ♦
i hdOQ Kich Cot Glass *
I Qprl Salt and Pep- 1
£ P e . r Shakers, *
► J^mwM^WmK heavy sil- *
£ *
* EK^©^^^f«nr One shapes. *
I wOSWW%W twh - That ' s *
£ W^#SW f( »r Monday. *
I* liiesnay and
► Wednesday only. • *
L There's one policy governing the rrholo <•■
J store— whether it's China, Glass, Lamps, 2,
J Cutlery or Ornaments— only the best is 3
? here— and the least asked for it. • V
» ; : ;/ :'J\'.:'. ' ■'*.— - f .. v •'". ' . ♦
J THAT BIG CHINA STORE- *
& A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's. *
J WANGENHEIM, STEENHEIM & 00., *
J 528 and 530 Market St., J
27 and 29 Sutter St., ♦
> BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
W^& ufleJxmZfiana4c& j
22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
38-Inch FRENCH SERGE, all wool j
250 Yard I
38-Inch FRENCH SERGE, line wool
••••••••• 350 Yard
46-inch FRENCH SERGE fine wool
••• ...SOo Yard
46-inch FRENCH CO ATINO SERGE.
••••• . .000 Yard
52-inch DIAGONAL SERGE. W . •
. • ..........750 Yard
54-inch DIAGONAL SRRGE... \
81.00 Yard
54-inch DIAGONAL 5ERGE.......
• • ••- $1.25 Yard
50-inch ETAMINE, all wool .'..... "
• Sl.OOYard
50-inch CANVAS .ETAMINE.: .
•• 81.25 Yard
The above goods are all unusual
values and should be compared with
.any shown in this city. ;
i^" SEE OUR OFFERING
IN SUMMER UNDER-
WEAR.
R. I KENNEDY COMPANY.
■Eft. iXI fut ftii r^«?u
REMOVES SUPERFLUOUS HAIR BY ELEC-
XV tricity at Ha sitting; first sitting free: no
Bears left; moles, warts, e«c, also removed.
• Tally
Bev/i'tdr<'n£ (Ditot<'©fy
<\ tV &iW oj
dJony^j.
I am quite fascinated with the fetching
parasols this season and mean to describe
two or three for your benefit. One of silk
is completely covered with silk-edged frills
of chiffon bordered with lace, its aaorn«
ment not stopping short at the top, but
extending underneath, each rib being
frilled, while in the center the frills take a
star design.
A white parasol also of silk has the top
indented in a curious way, chiffon quill
ings forming a star, while frillings of whito
satin ribbon decorate the ribs half way up,
and draperies of soft white chiffon caught
into small choux fill in the spaces between.
Silk muslin frilling and cream-colored
lace adorn the other sunshade illustrated,
and this same model is most successfuliy
made in chine silk. Numerous are the
pretty handles of wood set with stone.-,
frequently costly affairs, and the Dresden
handles are as fashionable as ever and
more beautiful. The heads of birds figure
on many, as well as clusters of fruit and
flowers.
The railways in France employ 24,080
woman, the majority of whom, however,
receive a small s>um for opening and shut
ting gates where roadscro.-i3 the track.
MEW TO-DAY.
||i*i^^
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGQI0N1 KID GLOVES.
Another
Surprising
Big: Value!
COMMENCING MONDAY AT 9 A. M.
SILKS : .
... -AT
HALF PRICE
Hundred of yards of New Silks almost
given away.
Black Brocaded Silks
— -COMPRISING— -
BLACK BROCADED TAFFETAS,
BLACK- BROCADED DUCHESSE,
BLACK BROCADED GROS DE LONDRE8
At 5OC Per Yard
Regular Price SI Per Yard.
This Is the greatest bargain ever offered In
this City. New goods just placed on our coun-
ters, not old shop-worn silks.
PA I I CADI V For at the price these
UMLL LAnLl) silks will sell fast.
Special
—IN OUR
GLOVE DEPARTMENT.
,'
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE
We will sell our well-known Ladies' 4-Buttoa
celebrated
ENNEL'S KID GLOVES
At $1.25 Per Pair -
ALL COLORS. ALL SIZES.
These gloves are fitted to the hand by our
experienced glove-fitters and every pair 1*
guaranteed.- - . -
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN & LEViNSDN,
* 125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
| BRANCH STOKE— 742 and 744 Market
- Street. '
FREUD'S CORSET BOUSE.
' JUST RECEIVED— A LARGE INVOICE OF 1
L,oii|j-Waisle«l P. U. Sans Rival Corsets*
- C. P. a la Siren** Corsets,
Celebrated Royal C. T. Corset*, ■
Elecant N. T. French Cornets,
Unrivaled Werly Corsets,
- Bicycle Corsets.
The Relenlnsr tollable LOUIS XV
PARISIAN CORSET and THE
(11.(1 A CORSET.
2 " tV<^xltr^ I'i I 111 U \ wmulilK 2. s
s ?. ii^Wtmm \ \W\\ ■= = 3
© •- 2-
CAUTION Having no' agencies or branch
stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at. our
establishment.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.' •
; Illustrated Catalogue mailed free. .
MAKE NO MISTAKE IX OUR ADDRESS
3VT. __E*_E*.__ESXJI_> cte JSOZNT,
- 7*42-7*44 flarket St. and 10-12 Grant Ave.ifovetties in
Science^ J*trt and
J&'terature.
Li^ Wi'h^n' H at
Not since Edison, in 1879, proclaimed the
success of his efforts in subdividing the
electric current, making incandescent
electric lighting possible, has there been
so important an announcement in the elec
trical world as that made last week by Mr.
Nikola Tesla that the advances made by
him in vacuum-tube lighting had reached
a point that assured complete commercial
success.
The result of Tesla's work in the field
of currents of high frequency were first
made known to the public in his now
famous London lecture of 1891. In 1892
he gave the same lecture, with a large
number of brilliant experiments, before
the National Electric Lijjht Association at
St. Louis.
The results then exhibited were start
ling, and aroused the most intense inter
est. At that time, however, Mr. Tesla
himself admitted that his work was not
yet commercial. Few even of his
etanchest adherents . believed it ever
would be.
Now, lifter four years of hard Trork, and
having oeen delayed by the fire which de
stroyed his laboratory and much of his
most valuable apparatus, the great in
ventor is jubilant over the measure of suc
cess achieved, and has broken the long si
lence which he has persistently main
tained m regard to the progress of his
work.
'Four years ago when the first public
The Funnel Cloud of a Tornado, Showing the Spiral Path of the Ascending Air
Ground the Vortex (After Davis).
announcements were made of the results '
of my work in vacuum tube lighting,"
said he recently, '"I found few people who
would admit that I had anything more
than an interesting laboratory experiment.
Mv visitors all said, 'What beautiful
effects!' and in the next breath, 'How
utterly uncommercial.'
"To-day I believe, not that the ultimate
is attained, but that I have already pro
duced a thoroughly practical and commer
cial method or vacuum-tube lighting,
vastly more economical than either the
arc or incandescent systems, and which
will be a marked advance over the present
methods.
"I found the causes of loss of energy and
have largely overcome them. Already I
can deliver 10 per cent of the initial enercy
in a pure white lieht. This is three times
the efficiency of an ordinary indcandes
cent lamp."
"I havelong since discarded the vibrator.
I found it impossible to produce one which
would last more than a few hours, so I
found a better way, and now use no vibra
tor at all."
"But, Mr. Tesla," the reporter said,
"how can i explain to a layman just how
you start the ether in your exhausted
bulbs into such rapid vibrations and pro
duce this light with no mechanical vi
brator?"
"You can't explain it. I don't know
that 1 could. You might say," said Mr.
Tesla laughingly, "that it is the music of
the celestial spheres.
"There is no direct connection between
my conducting copper wires and the inte
rior of the exhausted bulbs. The current
passes through the glasj. There is no vi
brator, no mechanidm."
Asked what vibratory speed is now
attainable Mr. Tes-la replied :
"About 6,000,000 a second now. In a
short time I expect to produce 50,000,000
per second."
"How do you measure them, Mr.
Tesia?"
"In two ways, one of which I will not
describe. But the second is by my ear
only. Taking one of these little bulb? I
can distinguish the periods of vibration
almost as accurately as the musician can
distinguish the tones of the scale from his
tuning fork."
The light produced by Tesla's latest
tubes is pure white, possessing ail the
visible qualities of sunlight. Moreover,
according to the great inventor, it has all
the purifying qualities of sunlight, and a
room, well ventilated, would be equally
healthy to live in whether lighted by one
or the other.
When it is remembered that in pas light
ing there is less than 1 per cent efficiency,
in incandescent electric lighting less than
3 per cent, and that Tesla can already
show 10 percent, with a promise of getting
a great deal more, the importance of his
discovery in the commercial world is ap
parent.
No expensive or complicated apparatus
ia needed. A simple coil is provided,
which transforms the ordinary low-ten
sion current, making it available for use
almost anywhere.
A. particularly attractive feature of the
new fight is that the new bulbs, once ex
hausted, have a practically unlimited life.
Mr. Tesla has some which have been in u^e
in his laboratory almost continuously for
four years, and are stiil burning with un
dirainished brilliance and consuming no
more energy than when first lighted.
One little bulb now burning in the labo
ratory is sufficient for a parlor of ordinary
size, giving out as much light as an arc
lamp, glowing steadily without any waver
ing, and consuming but a fraction of the
energy.
With the success of this vacuum bulb
lighting system practically assured the
tireless inventor has not relaxed his ef
forts and is working harder than«ver.
Next in his mind is the perfection of the
oscillator, and after this, nothing less than
telegraphy and telephony without wires.
"Do y.u actually believe that is possi
ble?" Tesla was asked.
•I morfi than believe it. lam sure of it.
Kurther than that, I believe that with this
grand force nothing is impossible. Even
the most optimistic or visionary dreamer
would fail to predict the accomplishments
of the next aecade."
Flight Is a F-ict
Professor Alexander Graham Bell, the
inventor of the telephone, hts witn«*s«ed
Ihe trial flights of the machine devised by
Professor Samuel F. Langley, formerly of
Ptttsbnrg. Mr. Bell makes the following
.statement:
"1 witnessed a very remarkable experi
ment with Professor Langley's aerodrome
on the Potomac River. Indeed it seemed
to me that the experimoat was of such
historical importance that it should be
made public. I should not feel at liberty
to give an account of the details, but the
main facts I have Professor Langley's con
sent for giving you, and they are as fol
lows :
"The aerodrome, or "flying- machine,' in
question was of steel driven by a steam
engine. It resembled an enormous bird,
soaring in the air with extreme regularity
in large curves, sweeping steadily upward
in a spiral path, the spiralß with a diame
ter of perhaps 100 yards, until it reached a
height of about 100 feet in the air, at the
endof a course of about half a mile, when
the steam gave out, the propellers which
had moved it stopped and then to my sur
prise the whole instead of tumbling down
settled as slowly and gracefully as it is
possible for any bird to do, touching the
water without any damage and was im
mediately picked out and was ready to be
tried again.
"The flying-machine carries a small
steam engine of one horsepower. The
whole contrivance weighs twenty-five
pounds. Its light steel framework holds
extended horizontally three sheets of thin
canvas, one above the other. The length
over all is fifteen feet. The engine runs
two propellers.
"Professor Langley will soon construct
a flier of large size, which will carry a
proper mechanical equipment and be
capable of extended flight. The one de
scribed is only a model for experimental
purposes. The inventor has not troubled
himself to any extent about the question
of a suitable engine, which could be fur
nished easily enough when needed. The
problem was to make a machine that
would fly, and fly in the right way; this
accomplished, there was no difficulty in
supplying the power required for a lone
trip."
Influ nee of Bofles on Their Contents.
Experiments tried in Germany several
years ago show that ordinary beer dis
solves very slightly the glass of the bottle
in which it is kept, and more careful
measurements show that almost every
liquid, even water, can dissolve glass in
very small proportions. These facts, how
ever, are not generally known, so that the
following illustration of them, quoted from
the Natural Druggist, will cause surprise.
Frobably ninety-nine persons out of
every hundred, taken at random, would
ridicule the idea that the quality of the
gla^s of which a bottle may be made can
have any influence on the taste or keeping
qualities of its contents. And yet, that it
noes do so. we have the best of evidence.
are not alluding to the influence of
light shining through the flasks and its
action on the substance contained, but the
direct chemical reaction occurring be
tween the glass and the material within
the flask. Very recently the following
case occurred in France. A wealthy re
tired merchant bought a lot of very costly
and rare wine in cask.-, samples of the
wine from each cask being given him by
the wine merchant. The wine was de
livered and the new owner proceeded to
have it racked off and bottled. Some
time afterward some of the wine was
brought to the table, and on tastine it the
host detected a strange, unpleasant taste,
which was also noticed by the guests.
A fresh bottle was found to be similarly
affected, and bottle after bottle was opened
with the same result. An examination of
the stock in the cellar developed the fact
that every bottle of the recent purchase
was spoiled. A ?uit was brought against
the wine merchant, who declared that he
had delivered the article exactly according
to the samples furnished. On examining
the?e : latter they were found in excellent
condition. It is unnecessa.y to go into de
tails, but during the course of the action at
law some of the bottles were produced in
court, when it was found that the glass
had become opaque. The bottles were
uancled over to a cdemist, along with one
of the lot purchased for bottling the wine,
which had never been used. This is what
the chemist found in the glass of the un
used bottle:
Silicic acid 62.4
Poiash and soda 4.4
Ll^e 82.1
Argillaceous matter, iron, etc 11.1
In the examination of the bottles that
had been used, while silicic »cid and argil
laceous material remained constant, or
nearly so, the lime, potash and so la were
very much diminished, and it was made
evident tuat they had passed into solu
tion, forming compounds with the acid
ingredients of the wine, decomposing the
latter and rendering it unfit to drink.
There is now a suit pending against the
maker of the bottles.
Egg Cutter, Gu de and Holder.
The invention of Hiram B. Everest of
Paverside, CaL, will be received with joy
by all people who want to cut the tops off
their eggs neatly and cleanly. His inven
tion consists of a handle with a large flat
surface at one end. In this there i 3 a hole
of the proper size to just fit over the end
of an egg nicely. On top of this, separated
by about one-sixteenth of an inch, is an
other plate with a smaller hole in it and
so arranged as to swing on a pivot..
To use this contrivance it i* only neces
sary to place the larger hole over the egg
that has previously been placed in an egg
cup. The handle is hel.l in the left hand,
and with the right the knife is passed be
tween the two plates, cuttinsr off the top of
the egg in the neatest manner.
To Increase Sa i Area.
A method of arranging the rigging of a
sloop so it will carry as much sail as a
schooner is the invention o: William King
of New Orlt-ans, La. T;!ere is considerable
mechanism about, the vessel, but it is all
intended to facilitate the handling of the
sails.
The hull and masts of Mr. King's vessel
are about the same as those in general use.
Fastened rigid to the hull are two steps,
one on ench side of the mast and inde
pendent of it. Pivotal iy mounted in each
step is a spinnaker boom. The gaff is made
in two sections, secured by bands that per
mit a sliding movement between them. A
halyard is made to operate ovei pulleys
and" to raise or lower the upper section as
desired. There are two sets of gaffs and
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
spinnakers, each supplied with a suit of
sails that can be handled independently or
together.
There are two jibs arranged in the same
way. On either side of the bowsprit there
is a step secured to the hull. A spinnaker
boom is mounted in each. One of the jib
stays goes to the top and the other goes to
the masthead. This, of cours-e, makes the
jibs of different sizes, but that is the way
they would be in a schooner. The sail
area of this vessel is nearly three times
that of an ordinary sloop, and there is no
doubt but that in sailing before the wind
she would be able to make good time. The
topmast is adjustab.'e, so that when neces
sary it can be lowered and the vessel put
under jury rig in a very few minutes.
Substitution for Amputation
A new and simple mode of treatment
has been introduced in France, by which,
it is claimed, a large proportion of injured
limbs now usually amputated can be
saved. The method, which is due to Dr.
Reclus, was recently described before the
French Congress of Surgery, and is thus
explained by the hospital: Whatever the
extent or gravity of the lesions, he never,
under any circumstances, amputates the
injured limb, but merely wraps it in anti
septic substances by a veritable "embalm
ing" process, leaving nature to separate
the dead from the living issues. This
method of treatment possesses the double
advantage of being much less fatal than
surgical exaeresis, and of preserving for
the use of the patient, if not the entire
limb, at any rate a much larger part than
would be left after amputation. He ad
vocates this very conservative treatment
on account of the excellent effects of
hot water, which he uses freely. After
the skin has been shaved and
cleansed from all fatty Bubstances by
ether, etc., In the usual way, a jet of hot
water is made to irrigate all the injured
surfaces, and to penetrate into all the hol
loas and all the detached parts of the
wound, without exception. This is the
only way of removing all clots, and to
wash away ail foreign bodies, together
with the micro-organisms they may con
tain. The advantages of hot water at this
high temperature are threefold — (1) hot
water at this temperature is antiseptic,
heat greatly increases the potency of anti
septic substances; (2) is hemostatic [that
is, stanches the flow of blood] ; (3) it helps
10 compensate for the loss of heat, result
ing from the bleeding, and especially from
the traumatic shock. After the 'embalm
ing' process, and the dead tissue has been
separated from the living, the surgeon has
nothing to do except to divide the bone at
a suitable spot. According to Reclus, the
results obtained are remarkable.
The Science of Tornadoes
The remarkable prevalence of tornadoes
over the Middle States during the present
spring, and the fearful destruction to life
and property wrought in particular by
the storm at St. Louis, following close upon
similar ones in Central Micaigan, Kansas,
lowa, etc., naturally opens up the practi
cal question as to what causes these storms
to be so terribly frequent m the States, and
whether by a study of their causes and
prevalence in time and place we shall ever
b« in a position to predict or control them.
We purposely use the word "tornado,"
and not the word "cyclone," since it is
only by the perpetuation of a popular er
ror that the word cyclone has ever been
applied to these peculiarly local and de
structive phenomena, which are specific
ally and eenerically different from the
ordinary disturbances covering large areas
and properly named cyclones.
Thus the smallest cyclone covers 100
miles, while the largest tornado only
covers two miles in width and averages
only 1369 feet, according to Finley.
A cyclone arises in these latitudes from
the interaction of large air currents form
ing part of the general atmospheric circu
lation, and in the tropics from slowly ac
cumulating differences of temperature and
humidity in a horizontal direction spread
ing over large areas and causing hon
zontal instability and ultimately motion.
Tornadoes, on the other hand, arise
within a cyclonic area from the rapid oc
currence of a strong contrast in the tem
perature of the air in a vertical direction,
causing vertical instability and a bursting
up of overheated air and vapor through
an overlying layer of cold air.
OAs soon as ever the upward flow starts
the surrounding air is drawn in to till its
place. Spiral rotation starts just as in the
case of water descending through a vent,
and by known mathematical principles
the rotational velocity increases enor
mously near the center. A tube of air
ascends' in spiral rotation, widening up
ward owing to the greater freedom of
motion ahova the earth, and as the cen
tral vortex approaches the condition ot a
vacuum by the centrifugal tendency of
rotating air condensation of vapor takes
place within it and is propagated from
above downward in proportion to the vio
lence of the motion, giving the well
known appearance of the funnel cloud de
scending toward the earth.
This last phenomenon, which has been
Illustrating M . King's Ingenious M thod of! ciei ing the ail 're of •Si >op.
To Keep the Baby Quiet, the Contrivance of a Chatham (N. V.) Man.
often misinterpreted, wasexplained as long
ago as 1753 by Franklin in the following
characteristic and simple words: "The
spout appears to drop or d- scend from the
cloud though the materials of which it is
composed are all the while ascending, for
the moisture is condensed faster in a right
line downwards than the vapors them
selves can climb in a spiral line upwards."
Such is the modern theory of the torna
do, developed by Ferrel, exhibited in our
illustrations, and found to be in complete
accordance with recorded facts.
Theory shows that tornadoes will prevail
where the geographical conditions are
favorable to the facile movement of cold
air from the north alongside or above
warm air from the south. Such an area
exists par excellence over the flat river
basins of the Mississippi, Missouri and
Ohio, and as a fact we tind the States em
braced by their area most visited by tor
nadoes. Independently of geographical
locality such a crossing of currents, es
rcialiy cold over warm, occurs in the
S.E." octant of a cyclone and it is pre
cisely in this pan of a cyclone or what is
frequ ntly termed a "low" that tornadoes
are generated. The same octant when the
vertical temperature differences are less
marked is frequently the seat oi a small
subsidiary "low" in which thunderstorms
occur. A thunderstorm, waterspout and
tornado are in tact first cousins.
Another factor favorable to tornado for
mation is a sluggish movement oi the air,
allowing a local accumulation of heat and
moisture, causing what is termed oppres
sive weather, and since such heating up
near the surface, with cold air overhead,
occurs most readily in the early summer
it is not surprising to find that the re
searches of Lieutenant Finley place the
month of May as that of greatest tornado
frequency. \Vhen the gun is loaded it
only requires the exercise of a small mus
cular effort to release an immense poten
tial of energy.
Similarly in the case of the tornado, the
heat and other conditions may have been
accumulating for some days, but the mo
ment most favorable to its sudden trans
formation, is when the daily temperature
has reached its highest point, that is in the
afternoon, and though tornadoes have been
recorded at all Hours of the day they are
most common in the afternoon. Again,
since they occur on the southeast side of a
cyclone they travel in the same direction
as the air moves in this part, viz. : from
southwest to northeast, ana as the condi
tions favor their development chiefly on
this side of the area if there is more than
one tornado they will usually travel along
parallel paths.
In addition to these general motions a
tornado whirl, owing to the variations in
the local conditions which regulate its
development, frequently oscillates up and
down, now descending to the earth and
again whirling harmlessly overhead and
swaying from side to side, occasionally
doubling over its path, but only within
narrow limits, and always maintaining a
generally easterly course.
From the theory it appears that while
the velocity with which the tornado is
propagated is no greater than that of the
middle stratum of the cyclone within
which it is generated, viz., forty-four miles
an hour, according to Finley the velocity
of the air round the central vortex may
rise to 500 miles or more per hour.
As a matter of fact, Finley has measured
effects which can only have been produced
by such velocities, and we may take it that
the horizontal force of the wind, near the
center, is frequently as much as 250 pounds
to the square foot, sufficient to wreck any
building, especially when in consequence
of the arrival of the traveling vacuum
over it, the air within exerts this force in
I bursting the roof and walls outward. In
An Economical Pen— Three in One.
A Riverside Man's Invention for Halving
Eggs Neatly and Cleanly.
The New Pumping Wagon.
TRIAL TRIP OF PROFESSOR LANGLEY'S AERODROME OVER THE POTOMAC RIVER.
the case of the memorable tornado at
Mount Carmel, 111., on June 4, 1877, the
lifting force of the vortex appears to have
lasted long enough to perform a most
singular feat. -"Since by it "the spire, vane
and gilded ball of the Methodist church"
were carried fifteen miles to the northeast
ward.
Fortunately, in comparison with the
long paths of cyclones proper, which have
been traced nearly round the globe, the
length of the track of a tornado is usually
not more than twenty miles altogether,
and it only comes to earth, so to speafc,
through a portion of tiis. Consequently,
although terribly destructive within their
limits, the chances of a tornado striking a
large city in the tornado area of the States
is not large, though when, as in the pres
ent case, it does do so, the destruction is
on a terrible scale, and with the annual
increase in population in cities will tend
to increase.
One line of both practical warning and
fruitful investigation appears to be em
phatically taugtit by tne theory of tor
nadoes, and that is the measurement of
temperature in a vertical direction. Upon
this the formation of a tornado chiefly de
pends, ami, apart from all other prognos
tics, one of the best ways of forecasting the
probable presence or abscence of tornadoes
would be to attach a series of thermometers
or thermographs to a kite or small balloon
wire and keep a daily record of the differ
ences at certain heights.
Any abnormal difference, especially in
the direction of heat below and great cold
above, might be translated as a danger
signal of the highest importance. In this
respect the daily experiments of A. Law
rence Rotch at the Blue Hill Observatory,
near Boston, where he sends up a thermo
graph to a height of nearly 4000 feet
above the earth, possess an unusual
interest, and it is to De hoped now that
they are seen to be capable of being used
in the preservation of life, they may
I be imitated and extended by the State
for the benefit of the people committed to
its charge, and that the State should once
for ail admit the value of scientific
research so far as to endow it, and relin
quish the ignoble plan it has too often pur
sued hitherto of allowing a private indi
vidual to spend his time and money in a
research of which it ultimately reaps the
advantage after unnecessary delay.
To conclude, we maintain that torna
does are not only predictable, but prevent
ible, anl, though the latter belongs to a
stage of civilization for which the world is
scarcely ready just at present, the former
is a pressing duty which it behooves the
State to carry out without delay.
D. Archibald.
Three Pens In One.
Augustus Groundman of New York, N.
V., has produced a novelty in the shape of
a pen. It should also prove economical.
The pen is of the usual shape and pro
vided with the usual point But there are
two slots on either side of it which con
verge in the center so as to form addi
tional points. There is a central slit that
passes along the back from the first point
to a vent in the upper point.
The idea is that when the two lower
points are used until they become worth
less they can be broken off and the portion
of the pen behind will form a new point.
In this way each pen is really equal to
three.
New Dumping-Wagon.
Most of the dumping-wagons in general
use are made to dump over the back end.
John Neuman of Baltimore, Md., has in
vented v wagon that dumps between the
four wheels.
This is accomplished by having the bed
in two pieces hinged together at the top
ana held in place by a clamp at the bot
tom. The front portion of tha bed is
mounted in a stationary bearing, but the
rear portion is made so that it will slide
toward the front section when both are
swung downward.
The mechanism for operating this
wagon is of the simplest kind and not
likely to get out of order. There is a rejt
ulating ratchet by which the length of the
downward tilt can be controlled. Thetwo
beds are so carefully balanced that one
man can operate them.
To Keep a Baby Quiet.
John E. Ring of Chatham, N. V., has
invented an apparatus to give babies
plenty of air and exercise without making
too much work for "mamma." The appa
ratus is simplicity itself and appears to be
absolutely safe.
There is not much to Mr. Ring's inven
tion. The principal part is a long pole of
tough, springy wood with a fastening de
vice at its lower end and a fixed block of
wood to act as a fulcrum.
On the upper end of the pole a basket,
or rather receptacle, is hung in which
baby can be placed and allowed to "jump"
himself to his heart's content. To adapt
the same apparatus to babies of different
weights, there is a supplementary steel
spring on the under side of the pole so ar
ranged that it can be engaged in a ratchet
and give it different degrees of stiffness.
The basket in which the baby is placed
cau be made as ornamental as desired.
Various Notes.
The British Medical Journal reports tha
those working with the X rays are likely
to suffer from a variety of skin affections
said to be similar to the results of sunburn.
Gold in transit across the Atlantic
"sweats," however tightly it may be
packed, says the Age of Steel. It is
usually sent in stout kegs, and squeezed m
as tightly as possible, but there is a regu
lar allowance for loss by attrition upon
the voyage, and in the course of years this
loss to the commercial world amounts to a
large sum.
In a paper on the Antarctic continent,
read before the Royal Society of New
South Wales recently, C. Healey stated
that the evidence collected tends to show
Antarctica as an unstable area, at one
time dissolving into an archipelago, at
another resolving itself into a continent.
From the distribution of the pond, snail
Gundlachia he argues a narrow land con
nection during Mesozoic time between
Tasmania and Terra del Kuego across the
south pole, and that New Zealand at that
time reached sufficiently near to this Ant
arctic land to receive by flight or drift
many plants and animals.
It is well known among oculist experts
that the opera-glasses which may be uired
lin most theaters frequently become the
medium for spreading very serious eye
diseases.
Dr. Fick has shown that winking is more
frequent as the retina becomes more
fatigued, and it has been found that in
reading at a distance of thirty centimeters
the number of winks per minute is 1.8
with electrical illumination, 2.8 with gas
light, while with weak illumination which
only permits reading at eighteen centi
meters the number is 6.8 per minute.
Many undertakers are now using cheap
coffins pressed out of paper pulp. W T hen
polished and stained such coffins look al
most as well as those of wood. They last
longer in the ground than coffins of wood
or metal and they can be hermetically
sealed better than heavy metal ones.
Wood which has been thoroughly desic
cated will, when exposed to air under ordi
nary circumstances, absorb 5 per cent of
water in the first three days, and will con
tinue to absorb it until it reaches from 14
to 16 per cent as a normal standard.
A well-known and very prominent Eng
lish family is the possessor of a remark
able relic in the shape of a human heart
preserved in a jar of alcohol. It appears
that Shelley, the poet, feared that there
was a chance of being buried alive. To
guard against any such contingency he
left directions that his heart should be re
moved immediately after death. The
queer relic may still be seen by any one
NEW TO-DAT.
Roth I in Slid find Pnvv^lff '" every package a bottle of liquid Sozodont (use
OULII UII|UIU ctHU rOWUer. daily;, a box of fine Sozodont powder (use twice
a week). No other dentifrice so complete, so safe, so certain to give the best results.
A Vi^jj^il Z7^jmm ORTHE £~-^is&SiE
A sample of liquid Sozodont by mail, provided you mention thisp üblication and send three cent*
for postage. Address the Proprietors of Sozodont, Hall & Bdckel, Wholesale Druggists, New York
City.
i
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTION II RATES BY RAIL \
PORT^i_NnD^O]El.
TUE5DAY......... JUNE 2, J
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co. 'a Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
A p ft n— Including Berth la Pullman Tour-
OOiUU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO.... ,
First-class tickets. Including berth In Ql f\.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. I HDJLKJ
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
: genders at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
; sold or baggage checked 10 such points.
! [%f Through Tickets for Fagot Sound
I points on Sale at Reduced Kates.
I For further Information a 'ply at
613 MARKET STKHKT (Grand Hotel :
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
BICHARD GRAY, T. GOODMAN,
V-, /■;; . ■ Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY".
(PACIFIC SV'STUM.)
Ti-nlut leave .-mil m-c <!:!«• to arrive at
SAM I'HAMISt'O.
i
leave — From MAy 3, ISD6. — Ar.r.iv
"•6:OOa Niles, San JossTnirWay Stations... 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic ExprcM. l>g.lcn and Kast.. 8:-»3r-
7:O©a Benicia, VacaTilie, Kumgt y. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis. . . . 6:15p
7:00 a Martinez, San H=inon, Napa, Calls-
tosaasdban'a Rosa 6:15?
Bi3Oa Miles, San .lose, fStoektaii, I lone.
Sacramento, Marysville. lteil MU\{t
ami Sundays exceptcd 0r0vi110.... 4tlsp
•«:304 Peters aud Milton "7:13?
9:OOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Uarliara and l.'s Angeles -I:-I3p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1«*18a
9:OOa Vallejo 6:13p
l:OOi> 7\'jles, San Jose and LiTermore 8:1.1 a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steninprs «!l:OOp
1 s3op Port Costa and Way Stations j7:l3p \
•4:ooi> Martinez, Han Uanion, Vallejo,
Knpa, Calistosa, J:i Verauo and
Kaiita Roe* »ilBa
*:t«p Bonicia, Vaeaville, Woodland,
-V •- Knights Landing, Marysvillr,
OroTiile and Sacrumeuto I*:4sa i
4:3#p Nile*, San Jose, LiTeiraore and
Stucltton 7sl»p
4:30r Merced, Ucrenda, Raymond (for
Yosemito) and Fresno 11«UU
BiMr Now Orleans i;.iiui'-3.l''reciio,Bakers-
ii Bold, banta IJ;irbara,l.os Augcles,
. , t>emii!g, El Paso, Naw Orleans anil
-^ East.... Mill* !
StOOr Banta I'o Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave ami Ea5t...... 10:13 a
s:«OpVaUejo 11i43a
6:O«i> ICnropoan Mail, Ogclen acd Kast.... 9:13*
llnywanls, Miles ami San Jose 7i4r» A
17:0»r Vallcjo 17:45p
7:OOr Oregon J'lxpn'W.iJacrunieuto, Mar,s-
viile. Rcil.lini;, Portlaud, P'.igvt
Sound ami Hast IO:4»A
.SANTA 4'ltllZ DIVISION (Narrow UaugS).
17:43 a Banti Cruz Excursion. £>anta Cm
and Principal V.'ay Stations JSt»5»
•:13a Newark. lose. Feltou,
rioiilder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
BUtlons... BiS«p
•l:lSp Newark, Ccntcrville, San Jose, New V*-;-:
Almaden, Fclton, P,ouldcr Creek, .
H.mt.-i Cruz and Principal Way
Stations- ......llt*«A
4:l3pMtiiTar't.B;iii.lo!!e end l.rw <!r-toa 9:3»A
COAST DIVISION (lliir.l & lounscml Ms.)
•0:43 a «a;i Joso ami Way Stations (New
Alm2.dc" Wednesdays only) •1:43p
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jcso,
Binta'Cmz, Pacific Crove, ana
Principal V, ay Stations 18:33p
■>13a Ran .li>^c, Vtm Pinoß, .Santa ('»»,
Pacillo Grove, Paso lii>lih», San
Lnb <)I>bpo, GuadaluiH! ami Prin-
cipal Way Htatloua 7:03p
}9:47a Pa10 Alto a;d Way Kt.tloas.. t»«4sp
IO:IOa >Sau mid Way Btatfoua 3:OUp
i I 1:13 a Palo Alto ami V.'ay Stations »:30p
! *SI:3Oi- Sun .lose, Gllrry. Tres ri:io!«. Santa
Cruz. Salinas,Montcrcy and I'acillc
tirovo *I0:40a
*:i::iOp Sau ami Principal Way Stations V:47a
•4:3oi'Pan Jowauil Way Stations.. *S:«Oa
Mlf Sau .loso au<l Way Slations.. •*:•»•»*.
:>(>!• San Jose aud Way Stations Mi*
♦ I1:4op San .lone Way Stations ;.. t7i4sp
' SAX LKAiSUKU AM) HA\WAKI)S LorALl
{•OiOOa 1 . - • C 7:13 A
S.-OOA . t9:45A
io\o»t ■•!«*. Seminary P.rk, JfjJSt
"s&Sp FiUbbnrg,Sa B L«n<lr« • * t f •£*
«:00? - m <| 4:15p
1:0 Op f MO ■ S:lsp
,i:SOp «»ywap€«. 7 . i5p
. 7:<>Op R:43p
H:OOp ,_ . .-"„„ 0:45p
l):OOp • Runs through to Nils*. . - tO.SOr
ffllrlSp^' From Niles. . _*. . • [ » ill 2:00
:X CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN aiECISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:CO : 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 *3:00
•4:00 ; J5:00 *6:00r.M.
From O&HAHD— Foot of Broadway.— '6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. J12:00 *l:00 $8:00 *3:00 *4:00
"8:00 p.m. ■■ .-■■■-.--•■--•: -.-•■'.■■■ '■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• .SuiMiays exceptcd. < t Saturdays only.
' • t Sundays only. : "
_ it Monday. Thursday awl Saturday nishts odi. - _
who visits Bascombe Manor, Bourne
mouth, England.
Herr A. Noil of Berlincben, Germany, has
invented a clock that will run 10.000 years
without being wound up after it is once set
going. It is also provided with hands
which will correctly point to all the
changes of the moon, days of tha week,
month, etc., from now until the end of the
year 11898 A.D.
Sir John Lubbock, the great British na
turalist, has made some curious experi
ments in which be proves that the house
fly moves h>- 21,120 times a minute
while flying.
The tides of to-day average only about
three feet in height. If the moon could be
brought back to within 40,000 miles of tha
earth their average height would be 648
feet.
According to the Medical Review bro
mide of sodium is a specific against sea
sickness, and it cites many cases where
persons who were seasick on vessels along
side the dock went through cyclones with
out castiner their bread upon the waters.
The remedy is to be taken two or threo
days before embarking; it is of no avail to
take it when the person is actually sea
sick, possibly for the reason that like Ban
quo's ghost, it will not down.
The university press at Oxford has ap
pliances for printing 150 different lan
guages.
RAILROAD TRAVELS
SAN FRANCISCO ANORThS
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A.M.; 12-35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS-? :30, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30, 3:3 a
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. h •
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. if.
SUNDAYS— 7:35, 9:oo, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:4 a
5:00,6:25 p.m. ».»•«*
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Jjo » ve 1 TT . pffA - Arrive
San Francisco. | ip'j" a San Francisco.
■Week Son- j _ ca I t f' ) «i on Sun- I Week
Days. I days, | destination. DAYa> | _ AY _
7:80 am 7:30 am I Xovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 ak
6:10 I'M 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pst
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 ak
Healdsburg,
'.•■vs. rville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm! 6:15 pm
Pieta,
7:30 aml Hopland & 10:10 ax
3:3OPMi 7:30 am TJklah. 7:30 6:15 pm
7:30 AM! i ~ 10:10 am
7 :30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 PMI j J 6:15 pm
7:80 am 7:80 aml Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15
| | Glen Ellen. | .
7:30 am: 7:3o am <*«,>,„, nno , (10:40 am 1 10:10 AX
3:30 5:00 r«| PeDaatopol. I 6:05 pM | 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skatjits Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta lor Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and _akeport; at
Ilopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs: at
UkiHli for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper I.bkp, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Lierley's, Buck noil's, San.
: hedrln Heights, Hollville. Booneville. Green
I wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendociuo City, Fort
Bragg, West port, Usal, Willets,. Cahto, Covelo,
Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
| rat* a. - . . ■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
.
Atlantic '^^^^>
RAILROAD \l^^-s^^^^
Trains leave from and arrive 4»V B5
at Market-Street Ferry. tf«£l»S£&^"oU I fiS
SANTA FE EXPR-.SS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
' Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
i via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
T^V'potn.ar-SA^TA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
i SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
I with the veiy latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
i sleepers, in chnri?e of experienced agents, running
I through to destination.
1 The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery;
i and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket omce-644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via S«usalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, :ohim< n ing March 29, 1888.
WEEKDAYS.
; For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7 :00, «8:©0
i •9:15 10:16, 1i:45, a. m.: »1:45, 3:20. 4:16,
6:15. *fa:0O. 0:35 p. k.
j Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W*dM»
■ days and Saturdays at 11 :30 P. v.
SUNDAYS.
; *«r Mill -Valley and S*n Raia_-»8:00. •9:00,
I •10:00,11:30 a. m.;«»l'j-.BJ. "1:30, *2:15, *4:00,
D l3O, 6:45. 8:30 p. _. Extra trip to Sauialltoa*
11 :00 a. M. .
Trains marked » run to San Quentin. ••12ISB
p.m. does net run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1546 F. M. weekday c— fazadero and way stations,
8:00 a. it. Sundays— Caiadero end way station*.
, 9 wv a. v. Sundftyi-p^iav Reyes ana way station*
2930
THE SAN FRANCISCO STAGE
NEXT month will show us the
unusual spectacle of every the
ater in the City occupied by
stock companies except the
Baldwin and the Orpheum. The
California season does not begin till June
15, but the Frawley Company opens at the
Columbia to-morrow and comes at a timely
moment.
A few more performances lika "Faust"
with fireworks and "Miss Harum Sea
rum," and Daniel Frawley's ministra
tions would have been sorely needed at
the Columbia. As it is, the audiences
have suffered long and been Kind, in an
ticipation of Frawley. San Francisco
always took to him, from the time he
began his apprentice hand at management
here a year ago in "Sweet Lavender."
Encouraged by the success of the Fraw
ley Company, the Columbia Theater tried
a sort of stock company last fall. There
were a few clever people in its ranks, but
it is impossible to recall the performances
without experiencing a tired feeling. The
fatal feature of the season was trying to
star Rose Coghlan in girlish roles. "A
many years ago, when she was young and
charming," Rose could have carried the
6eason herself, but the mantle of immor
tality which Patti and Bernhardt wear
has not yet descended on Rose Coghlan's
shapely but substantial shoulders. She
is not old enough. In another ten years
Miss Coghlan will have ceased to look like
a good, heavy, well-nourished duenna, the
"too, too, solid flesh" will have melted,
sh! will take reefs in those gorgeous dresses
of hers to make them fit her slender form;
even the Coghlan double chin will iiave
dissolved into thin air, and Rose will
be herself again. In these days of grand old
men and grand young grandmothers, it is
not till an actress has bidden a lingerinz
last farewell to 50 that she enters into the
heritage of her second youth.
Some day — it is quite a long time off
even Ada Rehan will have grown young
enough to play Helena in "A Midsummer
Night's Dream" gushingly anos girlishly,
as she ought to be played, for is it reason
able to suppose that any one but a very
young and very gushing girl could have
given her unasked affections so ardently to
Demetrius, and such a Demetrius? When
Miss Rehan gets old enough to "gush" she
won't amble across the stage to her lover
when the irate Hermia ijets after her, and
then thinking better of it turn round
and stand on the defensive. She will rush
straight to Demetrius' arms, and see tliat
shs gets there. "Caparisons are odorous,"
as Mrs. Malaprop remarks, though one
cannot help thinking how differently
Ellen Terry would have behaved in that
scene. Ah, but one forgets— Ellen Terry
is old enough to be young.
Augustin Daly has not much opinion of
dancing; unfortunately few managers who
penetrate to the Pacific Coast have. They
generally assume that the kind of terpsi
chorean exercise that appeals to the suscep
tibilitiesof Californians is either a break
down or a waving mass of draperies, in the
midst of which a foot is occasionally visi
ble, waving like a signal of distress. Mr.
Daly his good taste when he spurns
and rejects these violent forms of exorcise;
they should be reserved for the gymna
sium or the family circle, where the neigh
bors are too far off to be annoyed by the
dull "thud, thud" of a heavy body coming
down on its heels.
It is strange, though, th at with Mr. Daly's
scorn for the art of Terpsichore he should
mate a specialty of producing "A Mid
summer Night's Dream." The children
who read "Grimm's Goblins" could tell
him that fairies always dance. Mr. Daly's
fairies ran round and round with great
rapidity, as if they were trying how sea
sick they could make themselves feel. It
was impossible to help thinking of May
bugs. Poor Titania did not even make
the rotary attempt to trip the light fan
tastic toe. There was only once when her
feet were in evidence, and that was when
she tucked them up on "the bank where
on the wild thyme grows," and exposed to
the admiring iraze of the audience a pair
of good substantial walking shoes, or were
they boots? At any rate the casings of
her feet were strong and thick enough to
lull all anxiety on the score of her taking
cold by walking about at night on the
damp grass. Prudent Titania! If she
could not dance she showed that she knew
a thing or two about hygiene. Perhaps
the fairy queen had become a new woman.
- How much dancing those rose windows
in Notre Dame de Paris are responsible
for. It was when gazing in a fit of admir
ation at that great rainbow-tinied east
window, flashing liKe a system of jewels
in the dim religious darkness of the
Gothic nave, that Loie Fuller first received
her famous inspiration for a rainbow
dance. After long, and Loie says discourag
ing, consultations with electricians she
succeeded in showing Paris a new use for
cathedral windows by transferring their
tints to her skirts. Of course her success
had imitators, and Papinta was one of
these. The level-headed, nimble-footed lit
tle person knew that "alone all by herself"
she could not hope to vie with the one
and only Loie. She determined to dupli
cate herself. It had been done in London,
and if one woman over. there could econo
mize on , a whole ballet by using looking
glasses why not Papinta? She worked on
her mirrors as La Loie had worked on her
cathedral windows, and the scheme suc
ceeded.
At the Orpheum they consider that five
Papintas are more t than a match for one
Loie Fuller.
Baldwin Theater.
One of the chief dramatic event« of the
week will certainly be the grand revival
of "Twelfth Night," which Augusiin Daly
will put on at the Baldwin Theater to
morrow, with Miss Rehan in the role of
Viola. This is a part in v , which the gifted
actress has already won many laurels. The
cast is as follows:
The Countess Olivia M | M Sybil Carlisle
Maria..... Alls-; Belle Darcv
Attendants on Olivia, singers, dancers, etc. ;
Orslno, Duke of liiyria John Craig
Sebastian, brother to VJ01»...."/..'.'aMne.v Herbert
Antonio, a sea captain ><l\\in Varry
A s*-a captain, friend to Viola.... Hobart ltoswouh
Valen. > Gentlemen at- / Frederick % Truesdi-ll
Carlo ••••• / i ending on Duke i ....George Hnseltfne
, Sir 1 "by Beloli, uncle to Olivia . James Lewis
Sir Andrew AguecSeek.. Herbert. Gresharo
{■«•»«-« .. } Servants to ...Bobcr Shepherd
Festp a clown. / Olivia.. 1...... Henry Gun-on
Captain of the Duke's guard.. ...George Wharnock
■An officer..: ;..... Hans F. Kobe it
Mai v01i0... .;...................... ...George Clarke
The costumes, scenery and accessories
will be of the usual Daly standard, and
none of the musical numbers, sue i as "Bid
Me Discourse," etc., will be omitted.
"Twelfth Night" will be repeated on
Wednesday evening. "The School of
Scandal," in which Miss Rehan appears
as Lady Teazle, will be presented on Tues
day night and at the special matinee on
Wednesday. A double bill will be given
on Thursday evening, and will be made
up of the two comedies, "The Belle's
Stratagem" and "The Honeymoon."
"Taming of tlie Shrew" will be the closing
production of the season.
Columbia Theater.
The newly organized Frawley Company
will open its season at the Columbia
Theater to-morrow night. Among the
newcomers are Miss Maxine Elliott, ac
knowledged to be one of the handsomest
women on the American stage, Frank
Worthing, who has played with Charles
Wyndham's company in London, and for
some time past with Augustin Daly's com
pany, and Tyrone Power, also a former
member of the Daly Company. The com
pany *has secured a new comedian in
Harry Corson Clarke, and another new
comer is Miss Gertrude Elliott, who was
here with Marie Wain right.
The openine play is "The Two Escutch
eons," adapted from the German of
Sydney Kosenfeld. It is stated that new
scenery and costumes have been prepared
for the occasion. The lollowing is to
morrow night's cast:
Mrs. btevenson.a young American widow trav
eling infiermauy Maxine Elliott
Captain yon Vtnck. a gentleman of leisure (too
much leisure, in fact) Frank Worthing
The Baron yon Wettengen of Berlin, with
pride of his ancf-stors Tyrone Power
The .Barones-j yon Wettengen — Phi sa McAllister
Rudolph, tneir .son Daniel Frawley
There as Foster, from Chicago .Harry Corson Clarke
M ary, his daughter Gertrude Elliott
11 is excellency, the Count yon Darmstadt
Wilson Enos
Her excellency, the Countess yon Darmstadt
Lit ii m n,; Kowan
Lorenz. a servant at the Baron's.. George Bosworth
Franz, a waiter Frank Thompson
Wrenike, abntler Walter Malt land
Servant Thomas Ph illlps
Grand Opera-House.
"The Soudan," which will be produced
at the Grand to-morrow, is one of the
biggest military dramas of modern times,
from a spectacular standpoint, it involves
a large amount ol capital and labor to
ttape and act this sort of work, and "The
Soudan" requires a small army to be put
on the stage.
The management of the Grand announces
that special pains have been taken to give
the work an adequate representation.
There are thirty speaking parts, and in
one scene no lees than 200 people are to
appear on the stage.
Several entire sets of scenery have had
to be painted, for there are fourteen scenes
called for in the seven acts.
The plot of ''The Soudan" is founded on
the expedition against the false Mahdi of
Dongoia by the British and Egyptian
troops in 1883-84. Part of the story is
laid in England and part in Africa, and
the action is lively throughout. His
many friends will be glad to welcome
back Leslie Morosco, who makes tiis re
appearance after a six months' foreign
tour.
Tivoll Opera-Home,
"Olivette" will be revived to-morrow at
the Tivoli. The title role wfll be sung by
Josepnine Gassman, Ferris Hartman will
appear ay the simple-minded Coquelicot,
and the other performers will be W. H.
West, John J. Raffael, Arthur Boyce, W.
H. Tooker, Carrie Roma, Kate Marchi,
Anna Schnabie and Sadie.
"Olivette" will next week be replaced
by Dellinger's romantic opera "Lorraine,"
with a cast which will include the first ap
pearance in this Ciiy of Miss Marie Mil
lard, a r.ew prima soprano, and the
reappearance of the soubrette, Miss Louise
Boyce, who has been touring throughout
the East witli Frann Daniels in his merry
opera, "The Wizard of the Nile."
Following "Lorraine" wili come the
operatic spectacle, "A Trip to the Moon,"
with new song?, dances, ballets and
mechanical effects.
At the Orpheum.
The Meers Brot ers will appear for the
first time on the Pacific Coast at the Orph
eum to-morrow. They are high-wire per
formers from London, who played for the
first time- in America at Hunimerstein's a
few weeks airo. The Meers Brothers are
(■aid to |>erform acrobatic feats which have
not before beer, attempted on the high
wire. Their family is a well-known one
in the London music hails.
Dixon, .Bowers and Hixon, who styles
themselves "The Three Rubies,' 1 will ap
pear in a comedy sketch. Hayes and
Post, the Native Sons comedians," who are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
also to be among this week's newcomers,
are already well known to theater-goers
in this City. New dances will be intro
duced by Papinta, including a number of
electrical effects, which are said to be
more striking even than those of last
week.
The bill will be completed by Golden,
Chaifont and Golden, the whistlers and
yodlers; McAvuy and May, dancers and
comedy sketch artists, and Lizzie B. Ray
mond, the singing comedienne.
California Theater.
The dramatic stock company which is to
op-en at the California on June 15 includes
among its mombers Herbert Kelcey, who
for many years was the Drijiht particular
light of Daniel Frohman's Lyceum Thea
ter Company; William Beach, who will be
remembered as one of the artists of the
old-time Alcazar company. J. T. Sullivan
will appear, as will L. R. Stockwell. Bine
Shannon of Lyceum Theater Company
fame will b« one of the principal female
members of the company, as will also her
lister and probably Louise Thorndyke
Boucicault.
The plays secured are on a par with the
abilities of the members of the com
pany. They include a comedy drama by
Pinero, "The Home Secretary," and
"The Idler" in which Kelcey has often
been seen as Marie Cross. Other plays are
"The Gray Mare," "A Bunch of Violets,"
etc. Popular prices will prevail at the
California during the stock season.
Hscdonough Theater.
Eddie Foy comes to the Macdonough,
Oakland, with "The Strange Adventures
of Miss Brown."
Ada F.eiian and the Dalv company will
come June 9 for one ni«ht and will pre
sent Sheridan's "School for Scandal."
This is expected to be the dramatic and
social event of the season in Oakland.
A Picture Play.
"Miss Jerry," a love story illustrated
with photographic pictures, will receive
i its first performance in this City at Metro
politan Temple on Monday, June 8. This
form of entertainment is new to San Fran
cisco, though it has become popular in the
East. The pictures are thrown on a
screen and dissolve into one another
rapidly, while a story is told in mono
logue.
Cissy and Yvette.
Here is a romance of Leicester Square,
London, neatly summarized by the West
minster Budget:
"And all is as right as right can be."
Miss Cissy Loftus has not quarreled with
Yvette Guilbert, and Mile. Yvette Guilbert
has not quarreled with Cissy Loftus. This
is the momentous fact which one gathers j
from an amusing half-column interview in I
the Daily Mail. The sole origin of the
"quarrel" story was the exhibition r>y
Mrs. McCarthy s manager outside the Al
hamora of a poster of the real Yvette Guil
bert. The latter lady complained, and the !
poster, very properly, has been removed. |
Cissy Lofius loves Yvette, and Yyette
loves Cissy ; and they are all going to live
happily ever after. P. S.— lt may be added
for the sake of absolute precision that
Yvette is not engaged at the Empire and
Cissy at the Alhambra. "For further par
ticulars ' (as the railway and circus an
nouncements have it) "see advertisements
and small bills."
Money to Play With.
John Drew, who will play "The Squire
of Dames" toil season at the Baldwin
Theater shortly, tells a story about two I
Western men who made their first visit to j
New York. These men had never been to
the big city, but they imagined that every
one must have heard of them, and that
their presence ,would create a sensation.
They put on their l>ig-checked suit? aud
minstrel bats and strolled up and down
the Rialto, but no one noticed them.
They had money to play with, as tiiey
expressed it, yet they were lonesome the
first nay in New York. They decided to
go to Delmonico's and order a big dinner,
tliinkine this might attract some atten
tion. Upon arrival at the cafe the bill of
fare was handed to them, and they looked
at each other in astonishment. It was
written in French, and neither could order
a thing.
"I wish I was back home." said one. '
"Me too," said his partner; "but now
! that we are out here let's make a bluff.
I You take out your roll of bills and I will
i order, if I die in the attempt. "
One of the men displayed a large wad of
money, while the other in loud tones ex
claimed:
"Here, waiter, bring us $30 worth of
ham and eggs."
Her Ladyship Talk*.
Lady Sholto Douclas, who is choreling
and doing a little breakdown at Tony
Pastor's, is locked upon as a sort of Wild
West show in New York. She was inter
viewed by a World man, who found her to
be "a petite brunette, with very dark
brown eyes, which have wonderful power
of expression, beautiful black hair - and a
figure such as is seldom seen outside of
New York."
Her ladyship confided to the reporter
that the Queensberry family were pining to
receive a visit from her but that she was
resisting the temptation, " as she dearly
loved the stage, and her -husband's rela
tions wanted her to give it up. Referring
to Lord Sholto she said: "Why, he is out
n ear Phoenix, Ariz., where he has bought
an interest in a gold mine, and is busy
looking after the workmen. If Ido not go
to England after my New York engage
ment, I shall go there.- I have just re
ceived a letter from him that they have
built me a beautiful little house, on the
rough and ready s'yle, of course, right
near the mine, and he is breaking in two
ponies for me to drive.
"Is it true that we have quarreled? No,
indeed, :uy husband thinks the world of
me, and I am sure I do of him, and he
writes me almost every day."
After this ' touching avowal the inter
view ends abruptly with two statements:
"Pearls aro my favorite jewels. I have
a complete . set that Lord Sholto bought
me— finger rings, earrings, brooch; and
pendant— made of pearls set with
diamonds. I first went on the stage three
years ago, when { John Court, of Portland
and Seattle, sent me out with a small bur
lesque' company to " visit the mining
camps."
.' Dramatic Brevities. -
"Trilby" has ' met with a wonderfully
warm reception in Australia.
Olive Oliver will be a member of the
stock company at the California Theater.
Henry Dixey and Louis Harrison . have
entered into a ■ combination ;to produce
spectacular plays for managers.
Owing to the. failure and assignment of
Messrs. Abbey, Schoeff el <fc Gran the future
of Abbey's is but idle speculation.
La Loie Fuller has been for the past two
weeks at a summer resort on the coast of
Maine, where she is recuperating before
taking up her travels again.
On October 2 will be imported George
Edwardes' London Gaiety Company, said
to number nearly 150 people and 10 be the
original organization which has been
playing "In Town" in the British me
tropolis.
Sir Henry Irving's son, H. B. Irving (not
the one who wrote "Godefroi and Yo
lande"), has tried "Hamlet" with what
are reported to have been eccentrically
disastrous results.
The Casino, which expects to remain
open all summer, will inaugurate a pre
liminary season on August 31 with
"ch.imus O'Brien," an Irish opera, which
has been given in London, and which will
be brought here by the American Theatri
cal Syndicate.
On the opening night at the Columbia
Theater the audience will be presented
with a souvenir copy of "The Frawley
Waltz," composed by E. E. Schmitz, the
leader of the Columbia Theater orchestra,
and which that gentleman dedicated to
Daniel Frawley. Another feature will be
the playing of "Cavalleria Ruslicana" by
the orchestra, with organ accompaniment.
Charles Frohman has made a tremen
dous hit with his first London production,
and it is extremely probable that other
presentations will be made by this enter
prising manager, as a consequence of the
emphatic success of "The Gay Parisians,"
which is being done at the Vaudeville,
there, under the title of "A Night Out."
Last November, when the Irving-Terry
company was appearing at Abbey's Thea
ter, Russ Whytal sold to Miss Terry the
rights for Great Britain to nis one-act
play, "Agatha Dene." "Agatha Dene" is
the first American play in which Ellen
Terry will app-.-ar, and the first to be pro
duced by Mr. Irving. Mr. Whytal and
his wife have been using the play the whole
season as a curtain-raiser to "For I'air
Virginia.
At the Tremont Theater, in Boston, last
Thursday, Alexander Salvini presented
for the first time on any stage a new one
act play, "Rohan, the Silent," written for
him by Evelyn Greenleaf Sutherland and
Emma Sheridan Fry. The play is founded
on a fact, and during the entire action Mr.
Salvini does not speak a word until the
very end, his work being all pantomimic.
The scene is laid in England during tue
fifteenth century.
A Patriotic Woman.
Reminiscence of Relfrf Work Done
During the War.
The following reference to the work done
by Mrs. Adeline Couz ins, the mother of
Miss Phoebe Couzins, during the war is re
published from the St. Louis Globe-Demo
crat of April 26, 1867:
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 26 -The House
will probably take favorable action next Fri
day night on the Senate bill to give Mrs. Ade
line Couzins of St. Louis, widow of the late
United States Marshal, a pension. The report
which accompanies the bill contains letters
from Charles Gibson, James O. Broadhead,
John B. Henderson, James E. Yeatman, Car
los Greeley, Dr. S. Pollak, £>. M. Breckinridge
and others, telling of the distinguished ser
vices rendered his country by Major Couzins
during the war, and also of the relief work of
Mrs. Couzins.
When General Fremont made his midwinter
expedition to southwest Missouri in 1861 he
left sick and disabled soldiers all ulong the
route. Rumors of the bufferings reached St.
LouU, and the Ladies' Union Aid called for
volunteers to go to the relief. The mercury
vu below zero and the snow was deep on tin
ground. Mrs. Couzins and Miss Arethusa L.
Forbes were the volunteers. Mrs. Couzius had
her nose and'feet frozen, and Miss Forbes was
so severely disabled that she never entirely
recovered her health. But they found the
sutVering soldiers in cabins, in stables ana
tents, and on their reports hospital trains were
sent out and the patients were removed to the
post hospitals of St. Louis.
This was only one of Mrs. Couzins' experi
ences as a nurse. Miss Forbes has written a
letter, which is now before the House Com
mittee, and will be embraced in the report.
She writes to Miss Phoebe Couzins as follows:
"Did your mother keep that petticoat in
which the rebels made a bullet-hole firing at
her from their fort? Mr. Yeatmon was in
company with them ; he, if alive, can help you
to remember. Edward Bates, Attorney-Gen
eral of Lincoln's administration, has passed
away, has he not? I never should forget that
interview; how delighted he looked; how his
eyes sparkled as he read the paper in which
your mother petitions to become head of the
St. Louis Postoffice (it was at the time the Gov
ernment first proposed giving office to those
who had done the most toward putting down
the rebellion'). As he finished the paper lie
read with so much animation and pleasure he
said, "Yes, yes, Mrs. Couzins, you should have
that office; no one in our com. try de
serves a more, and I know you" well
and I know you will do the office jus
tice.' You fplt his earnestness all the
more because of his husky, asthmatic voice,
and he told how much fun was made of him
because he would have Indies in different de
partments; how heads of departments would
send him nightcaps, call him grannie and
many other opprobrious names, etc. (You
cannot insult an American man greater than
to compare him to a woman, but Bates did not
seem to care in tlie lens!.) Is Mrs. Bates still
alive ? She might romember his talking about
it, or his sons or daughters. But that petti
coat,'.vith the rebel bullet bole und the beat
hoop-skirt (I begged herso to keep them for her
de-ceiidants). ought to speak loudly for a pen
sion.. YolHtnow I wrs only on one appoint
ment with your mother to Sedaha and
Georgetown, but oh, what a terrible, a hor
i ible experience that was, and a great part
made by inexperience and mistakes. You
know your mother went down tne Mississippi
with the sanitary boats, and your motner
sometimes was head doctor when the boats re
turned crowded— floors, staterooms, every
place that a human form could be laid, with
the wounded, dying and dead; the regular
male doctors lay drunk in their cabins on
liquors furnished by the- Ladies' Union Aid for
the wounded soldiers. Your mother washe*
the coagulated blood from their wounds,
sewed them, or when possible closed them
with sticking-plasters. Each time a boat went
down to bring back the wounded several
ladies from the Union Aid went with it, and
all worked hard; but your mother nad the
quiet temperament aud greater courage to
perform the hardest parts (I say, God bless'that
woman). Phoebe, from my very soul I believe
your mother saved the lives of mofe soldiers
than any half dozen surgeons in the army, j.nd
all done through her philanthropy and love of
country; showing no partiality between the
rebel and the Union soldier, and there were
hundreds on the boats and in our St. Louis hos
pitals. All, every one, fared the same, aud the
Ladies' Aid on their part furnished the best of
all things and cooked in the most approved
manuer. Phoebe, if your mother does not
deserve a pension from her country, then, in
the name of the gods, who does? Ay, and
from the rebel Government, too, for I have no
doubt but many a poor, sad, sick rebel soldier
remembers wi'h gratitude her kind and heart
felt care of them."
Mrs. McKinley's Slippers.
Mrs. McKmley is well known through
out Ohio— in fact, throughout the United
States — for her unostentatious charity.
She has been an invalid for years, but al
ways has been busy. She devotes her
spare time to the making of invalid slip
pers, and whenever there is a call upon
her to assist some institution, such as a
hospital, she responds with a bundle of
slippers of her own make, that are eagerly
accepted, and prove most useful.
Mrs. McKinley'3 slippers have achieved
a reputation for beauty, as well as com
fort, and they are in use in dozens of
houses in Canton. Young girls who are
in charire of tables at fancy fairs are sure
to receive a bundle ot slippers from Mrs.
Mi Kinley if they write for them, for s c
generally has n stock on hand, li Mrs.
McKniey becomes the mistress of the
White House many good Americans will
doubtless enjoy the sensation of wearing
slippers maue by the First Lady of the
Land in the executive mansion at Wash
ington.
IN JAIL FOR A DAY.
Munro Johnson of Richmond Gets Into
Trouble Ovor His Pet
and a Bill.
It was all over a common homely look
ing bulldog that Munro Johnson, the
colored owner of Mag and Clara Johnson,
and incidentally assistant clerk of the
scales on the late Bay District racetrack
got into the City Prison yesterday morn
ing.
To the racing fraternity Johnson is as
well known as Thomas H. Williams or
Mr. McEiroy, the late president and sec
retary of the racetrr-k. In consequence
of his importance about the track his ar
rest stirred up some Richmond folk.
So great was the wonder and so gener
ally did the news spread that all manner
of stories were circulated regarding the
arrest.
The whole matter, however, when sifted
down was over a bill and a bulldog.
Johnson's family had been dwelling
over tlie saloon on the northeast correr
of Fulton street and First avenue, and as
soon as the track closed they went to Sac
ramento, leaving the dog in charge of the
landlady. His dogship had been chained
in the woodshed until Thursday evening,
when the landlady had him locked up in
the saloon underneath for better protec
tion, holding him as a lien for the bill.
Johnson and two companions went to
the saloon, which had been closed, and, as
stated by Charles Vehlhaber, the proprie
tor, broke in the door and carried the doe
away. "
This intrusion was reported to the po
lice and the arrest of Johnson followed.
Good morning, have you read Thomas Slater's
advertisement for men on page 28?
AMUSEMENTS.
RSLB^IISr^^ Beginning TO-MORROW (Monday), Jnne I.
IB»^BATRI^rp CC 0 P4P 4 FAREWELL WEEK
Last 6 Nights-Last 2 Matinees-Special Matinee Wednesday-Regular Matinee Saturday.
I ADA REHAN,
Under the management of MR. AUGUSTIN DALY.
A GREAT REPERTOIRE.
MONDAY AND WEDNESDAY EVENINGS, ) TUICI CTU UinUT
Elaborate Revival of Shakespeare's I If^Lr I H mUM li
TUESDAY EVENING *UL« «J™ i SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL
WEDNESDAY MATINEE I SIiHOOL FOR SCANDAL
T SKSK G THE HONEYMOON-BELLE'S STRATAGEM.
MISS REHAN IN TWO ROLES.
Shakespeare's Merriest Comedy, ', i) - ■
FRIDAY EVENING, SATURDAY MATINEE AND ) TAUI&IO fiC TUT CUOCUf
SATURDAY EVE MISS REHANS FAREWELL ( TAlfl|{iU OF THE oHHtWi
Come O dy D^'y J "IIZZO^R L l' » C - GOODWIN in Thomas' Successful Character
* COLUMBIA THEATER.
Friedlander, Gottlob <fc Co lessees and Managers.
RETURN OFTHK POPULAR FAVORITES,
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
Commpncintf To-Morrow. Monday. Juno I—
Every Evening, including Sunday— Matineo
Saturday only— For the first tlma here,
THE TfO ESCUTCHEON
A rare, delightful Comedy— THE COM PAN V :
Daniel Frawley. George Boaworth.
A Frank. Won nine. Thomas Phillips.
\ % Marlyn Arbuckle. Maxine KMolt.
/ \ w I Harry Corson Clark. Blanche L. Bales.
\V V 1 \* * Wilson Knos. Ho >c Ross.
\ \ II A George W. Leslie. Phosa Me A' lister.
\ \ 1/ /^ Walter Clark Bellows. Margare: Craven.
\S. \ Jr / ™ Tyrone Powers. Lansing Rowan.
\ >v > / • F. C Thompson. Gertrude Elliot.
\ \> If H. S. Duffifld.
* Magnificent Stage Mountings— Elegant Costumes.
RESERVED SEATS— Orchestra, »1; Dress Circle, first four rows, $1 : Dress Circle, last six rows
75c: Balcony, first seven rows, 50c; Balcony, last seven rows, 25c; Gallery, 25c: Box and Loge seats, %\.
Monday, Juue B— Wm. H. Crane's Greatest Success BROTHER JOHN*
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO Sole Lessee and Manager
COMMENCING MONDAY EVENING, JUNE I,
MATCHLESS SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION
Of the Great New York. Boston and Chicago Success,
The English Military Melodrama, in "-even Acts,
"THE SOTJCAJST I"
PKES--.NTED BY OUR OWN COMPANY.
REAPPEARANCE (After Six Months' Absence) of LESLIE MOROSCO.
A FEW FEATURES OF THE PLAY :
The Thrilling Battle of the Desert City!
The Return of the War Heroes to Trafalgar Square !
The Grand Dramatic Pageant !
The Great Scenic Change*!
■ 200 People on the Stage!
NO ADVANCE IN OUR POPULAR PRICES.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. KBJ.-KSXINK Krki.inu, Proprietor <fc Manager
TO-NIGHT !
Last Time of the Operatic Production of
"UimETOifSCABir
TO-MORROW EVENING——
Aud ran '» Favorite Opera,
OLIVETTE !
••The Torpedo and the Whale!"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
rR:COLAIO'.:R.<iOTTIOD« r»- tt»^An3n«iAfttß4---
JL4STPERFORM AX CE TQ-J^J^gT'-
"MISS HARU.VI SCAKUM!"
To-morrow Evening— The Great Krawley Com-
pany in THr. TWO ESCUTCHEONS.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Sunday), May 31.
Best Reserved Peats 25c.— — : Children 10c.
3E>.A.^ : »XIXrT'.A. I
McATOy mid May. Lizzie li. Kaymond,
Golden, Chvilfaut and (.ol;le i and others.
Reserved Seats, 2Bo: Balcony, 10c: Opera Chairs
ann Box seats. 50c. . --
.; Coming— Edison's Marvel. "The Vltascope."
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
TO-MORROW (Monday) EVENING— One
Night Only.
The i'oraediau EDDIE FOY In
The Strange Adventures of Mis* Brown.
The funniest PiayouheCeuiury. Prices 25c to »1.
THE CHUTES!
Open To-day From 10 A. M. to 11 p. m
PERILOUS PARACHUTE JUMP AT 1.30
f SEARCHLIGHT ASCENSION
At 9:30 In the Evening-
The Most Beautiful Sight Ever Seen.
Admission 10 Cents. Children 5 Cents.
GRAND CONCERT,
BALLOON ASCENSION
AND
PARACHUTE LEAP,
.By PROFESSOR : ROBERT EAKLSTON,
BLAIR PARK, 8 P. M.,
Saturday and Sunday," May ao and 31
. NEW ATTRACTION
THE MODERN SAN DOW.
■
LITTLE TOTS MADE HAPPY.
The tockwood Pupils Have an Even
ing's Enjoyment Among Friends.
The Lockwood Children's Cnlture Club,
which bids fair to be the most popular
club for juveniles in San Francisco, joined
by the Cosmos Elocution Club, had a most
flattering reception at Union-square Hall.
The occasion was their first exhibition,
and, judging from the warm reception and
the close attention of their audience, their
efforts were fully appreciated.
Mrs. Lockwood, the principal and man
ager of both clubs, was ably assisted by A.
E. de Forest, whose ability us an elocu
tionist needs no further evidence than the
results attained.
On account of the length of the exercises
no encores were permitted. A very at
tractive programme was well arranged
and promptly and successfully carried out.
The participants were all students at the
Lockwood art studio of 837 Devisadero
street, and essayed dancing, sinpinc and
recitations, many of the little ones^evtne
i:ig genuine talent.
Little Hurry Darling, a boy soprano,
sang Eugene Field's "Little Boy Blue,"'
which has been so appropriately set to
music. Pearl Ladd and Alice Lookwood
did some of the best work amon;? the older
ones, and little Virgil and Aimee Jorgen
sen, Eva Bibero, Evelyn Wolf and Lillian
Van Vorst were among the interesting
toddlers.
The evening concluded with a dance, in
which the grown folks joined with the lit
tle folks, making it a pleasing spectacle to
all who remained.
The peat bogs of Great Britain and Ire
land are estimated to be the heat equiva
lent to nearly 4,000,000 tons of coal.
SUTRO BATHS.
riEMOI^AL DAY CELEBRATION
SATURDAY MAT 80, 1893
MAGNIFICENT SERIES OF
ARMY and NAVY TABLEAUX.
All the Prominent Scenes
Of Our American Wars
Carefully Reproduced*
GRAND MILITARY CONCERT
By First Regiment Band.
GENEKAL ADMISSION —
Adults. 10 Cents. Children, 5 Cents.
RESERVED-SEAT EX-
CURSION NEXT SUNDAY, June 7, leaves
at 7:30 sharp, via Tiburon ferry. Special
train, which will wait one hour at SONOMA
while the people visit points of interest; then
goes to AGO A CALIENTE, waits two hours for
the baths and lunch; thence to GLEN ELLEN
where nearly four hour hours will be given
Leave Glen Ellen at 4:45 p. m. and arrive home
at 7:30 p.m. a grand sight-seeing trip and
basket-lunch outine. Ticket., only ONE DOL-
LAR; children, 5 to 12, only 50 cents. No
extra charge for reserved seats, which may be
secured from 1 to 9 p. m. daily at 333 O'Farrell
st. Tickets in unreserved cars nt ferry Sunday
morning. J. E. LOCKE, Manager.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
'.lngleside Track).
FIVE OR WORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN-. OK SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION 91. 00.
Tafce Southern Paeitic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 P *.
Fare for round trip, Including admission to graai
stand, $1. Take Ailsslon-atreet electric line direct
to track.
A. B. SPUECKELa W. a LEA KS.
" aCn i S»cretbrr-
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
. . —TO—-
i| CRUZ MOMS.
f^™**«^^ urn
Personally, conducted by WM. H. MENTON,
. Excursion Passeuger Agent s. p. Co. "
THURSDAY, JUNE 4th.
ROUND trip gtß-B (fi -* h ,— -a
TICKETS, 53..23
Sn ?^* 11 Fr ™ c'"'-°.c '"'-°. Oakland and Alameda. For
tun information see poster advertisements or ap-
ply at ,v Grand Hotel Ticket Office, .5
. 613 Market street, S. F.THE VANGUARD
OF THE SECEDERS.
New Branch of the Salva
tion Army Started
Here.
AMERICAN VOLUNTEERS.
Captain Robert Gardner in Com
mand of the Pacific
Coast.
HOLD FIEST MEETING TO-NIGHT
Branches Already Established in San
Jose, San Diego, Santa Cruz, Sac
ramento and Other Cities.
The effect of the Booth schism in tbe
Salvation Army has at last manifested it
self in this City, and a branch of the
"Volunteers of America" will be organized
to-night.
When the split occurred in New York,
and the followers of Ballington Booth de
cided to cast their lot in with him aud his
noble wife, the first step was taken looking
toward the formation of a separate organi
zation.
It was to be known as the "Volunteers
of America." The idea was enthusiasti
cally taken up by the loyal followers of
the general's son, and soon every town and
city in the United States, wherever the
Salvation Army had a foothold, found its
seceders from the parent organization, and
branches of the "Volunteers" were estab
lished.
San Jose was the first city in California
to fall in line. The Volunteers organized
with an enrollment of sixty members. A
dispatch announcing tbe fact was sent to
the Sew York headquarters and Balline
ton Booth sent beck answer to hold the
fort and extend the good work. James
Smith was appointed captain.
Captain Robert Gardner, formerly chief
of the outriders, was appointed in com
mand of the Pacific Coast' division of the
new organization and the larger cities of
the State soon fell in line. San Francisco
was tardy, but now that the final Dreak has
occurred in the ranks of the regular army
the organizers will no doubt carry on the
work with the same earnestness and en- \
thusiasm that has marked their past ef
forts in the main body of the army".
The "Volunteers" of San Francisco will
start with about twenty-rive members.
The leaders are Captains Hudson and Dill
muth. The headquarters for tbe present
will be at 526 Kearny street, where the
meeting to organize will be neld to-night.
The "Volunteers" already have a strong
organization in each of the following
cities— San Diego, Santa Cruz, Los Gatos
and Sacramento, San Jose taking the lead
and holding it up to the present date.
EQUAL SUFFRAGE RIGHTS.
How the Legislature Came to
Submit It to the People of
California.
Friends of the Measure Must Now
Rally to Its Support and Work
Till Victory Is Assured.
Deep solicitude marked the faces of
women and men in the Senate chamber
of California on the eventful date in
March, 1895, when the bill for woman suf
frage came up for final reading. Haviug
passed in th 9 Assembly it was expected
that the Senate would hardly give it tbe
cold shoulder. Being a daily visitor in
the Senate during pendency of this in
terest, I noted the hopes and moves at
every turn. The moment for final action
came. Men of thought and chivalry
looked upon the faces of earnest women
as much as to say, "vVe respect your
wishes and want to do that which wisdom
and justice dictate, but it is a gigantic ex
periment and we hesitate."
No selfishness controlled that hour; not
a motive or wish was th-n apparent in
plot or plan for defeating the women, and
while lawmakers desired the victory of the
latter they wanted light upon the expe
diency of the measure.
The reading finished, a moments-pause,
knit brows, while ( the "ayes" and "noes"
were about to tell -the fact of victory or de
feat, and when it seemed certain tnafc the
loyalty of Senators toward the problem
would equal that of the Assembly, the
tide was turned by a sentence. A Repub
lican Senator rose, and, with the adroit
ness of tact, stated that he was not work
ing for nor against the right of women to
vote, but said, "It is only a question of
time till they will have the right, for it is
one of the things sure to come, out as
weighty opinion is against them on a
constitutional question; we will, I thinfc,
refer it back to a vote of the people." This
last sentence, cmipled with the foregoing
remarks that it will become a law, side
tracked tbe suffrage train for a more
general explosion of the people through
the ballot.
In this light it is to be regarded, in it?
general character, not merely that men
are to vote and decide it pro-"or con, but
that women may and are expected to turn
the scale in their favor by so infusing their
cause into the hearts of the voters that
they will gain the end sought.
There is a sense in which women of Cali
fornia will vote this fall, and that is by
influence and work. It is their privilege
to awaken public sentiment and to vote
through the hands of men, and this they
will do, and we predict their victory.
When the Legislature referred it to a
popular vote it thereby said, "We are
willing to unite in its adoption if the
people desire it." It should be remem
bered that the Legislature did not show its
hand as against tie measure, hence after
the House passed it and finally concurred
with the Senate in submitting it to the
ballot the women and all voteis have a
right to look upon our lawmakers as
favoring it, and many of them will work
and vote for it.
Since the three State conventions have
declared in its favor and the Democrats
are expected to, it would seem like op
position to the wishes of the people to
openly oppose it. The tide of public
opinion is flowing womanward. The
ablest papers are advocating it, and all
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
» Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
;■ -. «.■ . BHAsrcn OFFICE '■•■ ■••'■■ -■
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main &828.
• J. S. I'VBOV, Manager..
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. .Reference Ist National Bank, 8. F. -_
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. SEW YOBK. ,
are expecting a large majority of the
balloting on this question to be spelled
"Yes. 1 ' When we voters come to that
proposition we will not see it as wise,
chivalrous nor kind to write "No, !> because
we know the female portion of the com
munity is as intelligent, discerning aud
able to judge and vote wisely on local,
National and political issues as men.
The people expect the women to work,
lecture and hold mass-meetings, and to do
all in their power to secure victory. The
women read the papers; they see the
avalanche of public sentiment in their
favor, but they must remember it is their
earnestness and prayers that create the
1 avalanche, hence there must be no slack
ening of effort, for there is a Bubtle
foe watching it all. Many lost victories
have been made thus by apatny and by
concluding that the active ones will save
the cause. That conclusion is a danßer
line. Women in all departments will
need to second the efforts of their leaders
by talking up the cause, by reasoning and
by securing the right now offered by law
makers and by lawyers, ministers, physi
cian., editors, the intelligent and brave.
To fail now means a closed door for a long
period.
The men generally are reticent and
passive, concluding it is a woman's cause
and that the women must look after their
own interests. They do not object to
woman suffrage nearly as much as they
assume to when talking with undecided
women. We hear of no meetings by either
men or women against the proposition,
and this because the opposition is indiffer
ent or negative. The element of aggres
sive earnestness wins.
The thoughtful must approve the atti
tude of The Call, the Examiner and other
leading journals in their fairness and will
ingness to give the woman's cause all pos
sible show in gaining the end sought. We
acquiesce and the women will win.
A. J. SWAET3, Ph.D.
Ban Jose, Cal., May 29, 1896.
CORBETT MEETS FRIENDS
The Champion Is Home Again
in Fine Health and Fine
Clothes.
In a Few Days He Will Go to New
York to Await the Summons
to Meet Fitz.
Corbett is in town— he of the fame, the
long reach, the clever duck, the sock, the
buskin, the pen and the Fitzsimmons
match.
They didn't expect him for two or three
days, but he was in a hurry to see his I
home, family and friends and he cut short '
his stay in Salt Lake City, arriving here |
yesterday morning, . accompanied by his
pretty and dashing wife and his sister,
who have come West with him. He was
met at Benicia by his brother Frank and
Billy Delaney, and at - Oakland by his
father and mother. He at once went to
the quarters in the St. Nicholas Hotel
which had been engaged.
Corbett's home-comine is not the joy
| and triumph it was on one occasion, but
j a host of warm friends and admirers were
I delighted yesterday to meet the world's I
champion in his old home. He has come
entirely to see the members of his family I
here before going to England and his stay I
may be one or two weeks. *
Corbett is as handsome as ever, is the
last fashion-plate in his nobby attire and
he is physically the picture of healthy
manhood. Dissipation is not making
track- in the open countenance of Pompa- I
dour Jim at the acre of 29.
' There is one cloud |which slightly shad
ows Corbett's return to the Golden Gate
from which he went forth to conquer. He
is sore at the way in which some of the
sporting and other editors on newspapers
here treat him. He says he can stand
their scolding les« than that of others.
In a few days he will go to New York,
from where he expects Brady to summon
him to England soon. To a reporter yes
terday he had this to say about that
match with Fitzsimmocs:
My pugilistic affairs are entirely in Brady's
hands. He is confident that if Fitzslmmons
will consent there will be little trouble in se
curing a match in England, probably before
the National Sporting Club, which has already
made overtures in that direction.
As 1 have said a hundred times, I don't think
Fitzsimmons wants to fight me. . Recently,
however, he announced his intention of going
to England, where he will be ready to fight any
man in the world. It is very easy for a man to
place himself on the other side of the big pond
and hurl challenges to his rivals, but we don't
ropose to perm it Fltzsimmons to do so.
Brady has gone to England purposely to an
ticipate any such move on the part of the Aus
tralian. If the latter journeys over there and
talks fight Brady will De close on his heels and
he will either have to fight or skulk out of the
country.
My only reason for desiring a match in Eng
land is that one can only De arranged here
with considerable difficulty. We both might
accept an offer from Stewart, but the danger of j
arrest attending such a match is enough to
discourage any thought of one. Again Fitz
simmons lately has apparently shown more
willingness to fight in England, and such be
ing the case I concluded to accommodate him
if possible.
•—»• — » •
FOR THE HIGH SCHOOL.
An Enjoyable Entertainment Given
Last Night by the Mission High
School Club.
The Mission Higb School Club gave a
most enjoyable entertainment last evenine
at the Horace Mann Grammar School. The
programme consisted of music, recitations
and brief addresses on the Mission's need
of a high school by John P. Grady, John
T. Dare and HchoolDirector Henderson.
President Grady of the Mission High
School Clnb opened the exercises by a
brief speech in which he reviewed the
progress already made by the club toward
securing a high school and spoke with
much emphasis of the need of the Mission
district for such an institution.
The nrst number on tbe programme was
music rendered by tbe Horace Mann Or
chestra, led by Professor Dewey. Following
was a recitation by Miss Ethel Ilendy, and
afterward a vocal solo, "Answer," sung by
Mist Jennie Williams.
Then Mr. Grady introduced John T.
Dare, who spoke briefly on the subject of a
Mission High School, saying: "Unless
you stand together and demand it, you
will never get it."
Mias Alice Doyle then recited "Biddy's
Troubles," Miss Tudie Kaiser played a
ruano solo, Valz Durand and Miss Edith
Helms san« "Tne Song for Me."
School Director Henderson said : "The
significance of this meeting to-night is the
bandinir together of the people of tne Sun
shine Valley, to get what should have
been given them long before. Now that
we have been so lorn: demanding a recog
nition of our ri.hts. I feel that we should
now demand them with a greater au
thority."
A cornet solo was piven by Master
Charles Denney. Cecil Marks then read
tbe following resolutions, which were
adopted :
Whereas, The Honorable Board of Educa
tion, appreciating the necessity for a high
school in the Mission district aud with & de
sire to accede to a just demand of our people,
have estimated la thecostof properly conduct
ing the School Department for the ensuing
year a sum of money sufficient to purchases
lot and erect a high school; and whereas, the
above estimate must be submitted to the hon
orable Board of Supervisors so that it may be
provided: therefore, be it
Resolved, That we, the Mission High School
Club, in mass-meeting assembled, respectfully
urge upon the nonorable Board of Supervisors
to give us tbe help we stand in need of, and
ask them to make provision in the tax levy lor
the ensuing year for the amount necessary, so
that our children may have placed within
their reach the advantage* of a high school;
and be it further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
properly attested be sent to the various cluba
of tne Eleventh Ward for their indorsement,
and then that they be presented by a commit
tee from this club to the honorable Board of
Supervisors.
Music by the orchestra and tbe jong
"America" by the audience concluded the
programme.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
MEEK WITHDRAWS
HIS DONATION.
No Longer Gives Five Dol
lars Monthly to the
Church.
ONE ACT OF REPRISAL.
Result of a Fight Against the
Establishment, of a Beer
Garden.
FORGOT A MOTHER'S WISH.
Rev. Mr. McCullom of San Lorenzo
Speaks Pointedly of Outraged
Decency.
SAN LORENZO, Cal., May 30.— The
fight between the mothers, wives and
daughters of this town against the turn
ing of the pretty grove here into a resort
for all manner of vicious characters
reached another stage to-day when it was
announced that Harry Meek had with
drawn his subscription of $5 a month to
the Union Church. Although the coffers
of the church will not suffer greatly from
the loss of Mr, Meek's $5. the circumstance
itself has great weight, as the people of
this town resent what is evidently meant
as a punishment for demanding their
rights.
For several months the residents have
opposed the granting of a liquor license
to the proprietors of the grove, but a few
weeks ago by means of a petition to which
the names were not legal the license was
granted.
Since then arrests have been made among
tbe Sunday crowds and the offenders have
been turned loose to avoid the publicity
that would be caused by publication. The
grove is the property of the Haywards
Electric Railroad and Mr. Meek, who has
withdrawn his subscription to the church
as the president of the road.
"This company has broken its faith with
the people of this section," said Rev. G.
T. McCullom of the churcn to-day.
"When they solicited bonuses from the
property-owners for its San Lorenzo ex
tension the promise was made that a
license would not be asked for the grove.
We were told by Mr. Meek that the road
would confine itself strictly to legitimate
business.
Now they have a license for the grove
and every Sunday we are visited by all the
roughs that can be brought from San
Francisco and Oakland. A few days ago a
young lady was in a buggy when a crowd
of hoodlums started the horse and jostled
the buggy so that the occupant was forced
to get out. Now Mr. Meek, the president
of the road, has withdrawn bis subscrip
tion to the church because I was instru
mental in leading a tight for peace and
order. However we will live without that
$■">, which is about as much to the treasury
as his influence was to tbe church, but it is
the spirit of the thing that rankles. As a
railroad the company is all that could be
desired. There is a good service and first- i
class cars and civil employes, but it is these
petty things that make the road so un
popular.
"Before Mrs. Meek's death, eight years
ago, she laid her boys under solemn "obli
gations not to allow the jrro-e to become
a beer garden. The old lady was tbe very
soul of charity and goodness, and while
she lived we had no grievance against the
grove. We went to H. Meek ana reminded
him of this obligation, and he said be was
aware oi it. but that the title to the grove
was in the road now and not with tbe
family. We reminded him that he was
president of tbe road and with the other
members of the family controlled its
management, but it was of no use, and we
got no satisfaction.
"They tell us now that they have leased
the place to Wed Borman and that they
have no control of it, but that is not so.
Borman told a member of the church a
few days ago that he was disgusted with
the kind of crowds that were carried out
there Sundays, and that if the railroad
people persisted he would refuse to cater
to them.
"Now, after all this, comes Harry Meek
and discontinues the donation o( $5 a
month that we were receiving from an es
tate worth over a million dollars. This
display of petty spite and the knowledge
that the children do not have as much
reverence for the memory of their noble
mother as many people here nave— these
are some of the secrets of the unpopularity
of a great corporation. Every promise
broken, all regard for decency thrown
aside, and a beer garden forced upon us on
the strength of a petition fraudulently
signed — these are the injustices under
which wte suffer. In the matter of with
drawing his subscription at this time it is
a breach of an implied promise. The
promises of subscriptions are renewed each
year for a year, and the current period is
not up till October, but I do not fear that
the church will suffer."
THAMES GOLD FIELDS
A Queer District Which Is Said
to Far Surpass Cool
gardie.
Its Army of Swindlers Unloading
Prospects— English and South Af
rican Investments.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was
I. Gowing of London, who for a year past
has been in the gold fields centering about
the town of Thames, in the province of
Oakland, Northern New Zealand. He
says that in ftis opinion these gold fields
far surpass in richness the mines of Cool
gardie. He says, also, that t. is is the
opinion of skilled English and other min
ing men who have gone there.
"These gold fields are very extensive,"
he said. "T..ey reach from the Coroman
del Peninsula down to tbe Waihi, making
in all a tremendous district. There are
many good mines there, too. The Good
Success, at the town of Coromandel, has
specimen ore so rich that it runs seven
ounces to the pound. The ore on that side
is pockety, while on the other— that is to
say, near the town of Thames and beyond —
it occurs in large bodies and is low in
grade.
"The deepest shaft is on the Kapango
mine. It is down 1000 feet. There is
another shaft which is to be put down
3000 feet. It will be tbe deepest in New
Zealand.
"An enormous amount of English capi
tal is going into the district for invest
ment. Many mines have been stocked
already for large amounts. Representa
tives of tbe big mining men of South
Africa are there and are buying property.
"Among those who are there, however,
are many unscrupulous persons, swindlers,
wno are stocking undeveloped claims for
large amounts and taking them over to
London and elsewhere in England to sell.
I expect a lot of people will be taken in by
them. I know tnree or four men who
passed through San Francisco recently
who were on tbe way to London to foist
just such property on the public. I should
not wonder if some money was lost.
"Still there is any amount of gold there
and for men who understand the business
I think it is a good place. Oakland is the
capital of the province. It has 50,000 peo
ple. It is, however, out of the mining dis
trict.
"Thames, the town in the heart of the
district, has 5000 people; CoromandUe, on
the other side, 1800. People are strung all
over the country and are mining in many
different places.
"The climate is warm and pleasant win
ter and summer, with the exception.that It
rains a good deal in summer. This insures
water in abundance, however. There is
also an abundance of fine timber, so that
the country, unlike Coolgardie, is quite at
' otive."
MODERN GUATEMALA.
A Californian Commissioned to Cover
Ita Houses of Congress With
Aluminum.
Frank Weitman of this City has under
taken a novel commission in Central Amer
ica. He claimed a few days ago that it
was the first of its kind in the whole wide
world, and some of his friends — competi
tors, in fact — were anxious to know how it
all would end.
Mr. Weitman sailed from this port on
the City of Sydney Thursday. His des
tination was Guatemala City and his mis
sion the fulfillment of a contract with the
Guatemalan Government to cover the roof
of the Capitol with aluminum.
He is a metal worker possessed of excep
tional skill in th<- treatment and handling
of metals. Recently he was connected
with a prominent firm in Oakland, but if
his commission from the Central Ameri
can Government be managed successfully
it is said he will never be compelled to
work as a tradesman again.
The work of covering the roof of the
Guatemalan houses of Congress is said to
be stupendous. It will take from eight
months to a year with a large force of men
working late and early to complete the
covering. And when finished it will be
the only roof of its kind in existence.
| There is more than one reason for t is
aluiiiinum roof. First ot all tbe soft-toned
white metal is expected to preserve its
color and consequently be highly orna
mental and impo^inn. Again, its light
ness has entered largely into the consider
ation of the architects, as tbe roof itself is
immense and the spans of more than ordi
nary extent.
It will be a year at least before Mr. Weit
man returns to tell of tne experiment.
LITTLE TIME FOR ART
0. Kunath Says Potboilers and
Real Estate Prevail in
Los Angeles.
The Artist Gives His Impressions of
Southern California — He Was
Disappointed.
Oscar Kunath, the artist, who left San
Francisco a year aco for Southern Califor
nia, has returned from Los Angeles. He
is not favorably impressed with the south,
that is from an artist's point of view, and
says he is glad to be back again.
Mr. Kunath is one of the best-known
painters in San Francisco. For many
years be was a teacher in the art institute
of this City, having the portrait class as
his special department of the courses
taught. A few years since the portrait
class began to dwindle away by slow de
grees until finally but two pupils re
mained. Then Mr. Kunath resigned. Tbe
class was abolished, it is said, by a kind of
consolidation process and since then the
art institute has been without a special
branch iv portraiture. Pupils who care to
study the painting of the human face may
do so in the life class. Anyhow the
academy lost one of the best portrait
painters of San Francisco.
In Los Angeles Mr. Kunath opened a
studio and hoped to find a remunerative
lield for bis talents. Fortunately for him
self he secured a position as teacher in the
local art school, but it was not enough to
wed him to the southern city.
"It is the worst city of its size for an
artist that I ever visited," he said. "Art
seemed to have no place whatever there.
It was all potboilers, potboilers. I had
many letters of introduction to good
people there, and I was in several of the
best houMs of Los Ang»les. But I did not.
see in any of them one good picture.
Think of it!"
"What was on those walls?"
"Prints and potboilers."
"Everything is money; everything is
real estate down 'here, but aril' 1 and the
artist threw up his hands with a gesture
that was eloquent.
"We gave :iu exhibition, and I must say
there was a really good collection of
pictures. The artists of Southern Califor
nia contributed many tine things. On the
first night the place was crowded, and it
was a fashionable gathering. After that
not one came to look at the pictures.
The exhibition remained open for two
weeks, I suppose because that was the
original intention, but nobody thought it
worth while to drop in and see the paint
ings. What was worst of all not a single
picture was told.
"It seemed to me that all the people
who cared for art or who bought pictures
lived in Pasadena. In that little city they
have a good deal of the right feeling, but
there are more artists there than can make
a living, almost.
"No, lam very glad to be back again
here, even though San Francisco could do
better in the way of appreciation of art
and local artists.
Mr. Kunath has taken up bis brush and
palette in a new studio at 14 Grant avenue
and is engaged on a portrait of a beautiful
girl and a Southern California landscape.
HARRISON GULCH.
l-lvely Gold Camp in th« Southwestern
Part of Shasta.
During the last few weeks considerable
important work has been done on mining
property at Harrison Gulch, and a good
deal of gold has been taken out. The dis
trict is sixty miles from Red Bluff, in the
extreme southwestern part of Shasta
County.
A few days ago Price & Son made a test
of 200 pounds of ore brought down from
the Lucky Baldwin property there, and
turned over $14 to tbe owners after all the
expenses were paid. The ore was found to
run $225 clear in gold a ton.
There is a group of mines there, of which
the Baldwin is one. The others are Grover
Cleveland, Great American, Gold Hill and
Bee Queen. They are all owned by J. J.
Fowler and Messrs. Rhodes and Benton.
They are also interested in the Gray Eagle
and Ea«le Bird. Several of the properties
have produced good ore, aud preparations
are being made to do a large amount of
work on them. A mill has been put up
and has been running steadily for some
time.
An average of about eight tons a day
has been handled, the ore being mined
from the Gold Hill. It is said that since
January over $20,000 has been taken out.
There is an abundance of water there
for all the purposes of mining; and milling,
and there is also plenty of timber. On
the Lucky Baldwin the ledge has been
tapped a distance of 4500 feet. A tunnel
fifty-five feet long has been run on the
ledge. Everything points to great rich
ness in the district and several other
mines have been developed in the gulch.
A little town has sprung up called
Harrison Gulch. It already has a store,
hotel, livery stable and twenty-two dwell
ing-houses, while six others are under
way.
CRUISE OF THE TOLNA.
The Count and Countess Fes
tetics in Far German
New Britain.
Are Studying the Bronzed Savages
on Their Native Heath and Co!
lecting Rare Curios.
By the last Bteamer which arrived here
from Hawaii it was learned that the Count
and Countess Festetics had sailed on their
yacht, the Tolna, among the islands of
New Britain.
At last accounts they were at the island
of Mioko, of German New Britain, where
they were studying the savages and making
collections of various souvenirs of the
islands.
They are moving about as the whim
takes them, having no well defined plans,
but staying as long in a given place as it
is found interesting.
Then tbe prow of the Tolna is turned
and they go somewhere else. It is said to
be their intention, however, to stay a long
time in the islands of New Britain.
There are many of them, and in some of
them are volcanoes and in others snow
capped mountains. The Augusta River
in German New Guinea is navigable for
200 miles, and passes through a country
but little known and of remarkable in
terest.
It is not improbable that they may
ascend this river and study the bronzed
savages in all their wildness in their
natural fastnesses.
For a long time the Count has eschewed
newspapers altogether. Neither does be
communicate with his friends, so that the
Count and Couniess are for a period to all
intents out of the world. It is not known
when they will conclude to return home.
This is the first news that has been
heard of the Tolna and her cruise for a
long time.
BUNKER HILL DAY.
Every Wbigtle Will Blow, Every Pole
Will Sport tbe Stars and Stripes.
Kxercises at Glen Kllen.
A meeting of the executive committees
of the. Banker Hill Association and the
Native Sons of Vermont was held Friday
evening in the parlors of the president,
William G. Badger.
The executive committee of the Ver
monters consists of F. DiUingbam (chair
man), S. G. Cheever. Mr. Ellin wood, Dr.
Roberts and F. Vandecook. The commit
tee of the Bunker Hill Association con
sists of William G. Badger (chairman),
H. S. Foote Jr., W. H. Clark, A. F. Whea
ton and George W. Caswell. All the mem
bers were present and the arrangements
for the grand celebration at Glen Ellen on
Wednesday, June 17, are surpassing those
of any former anniversary. v
The literary committee, W. H. Muhlner,
chairman, presented a full and complete
programme, as follows:
Overture, grand medley of patriotic airs
...'.... -. Blum's band
Prayer.. Chaplain of the day, Rev. George E. Walk
Opening remarks
President of the day, William G. Badger
Bone, "Star-spangled Banner".... Orpheus Quartet
Heading. "Paul Kevere's Ride" Miss C. Deminjr
i-onc. '-Sword of Jiuakir Hill" Alfred Wllkle !
i Oration .....;..:.".....■..... Hon. R.B. Carpenter '
Vice-president of the Vermonters.
Bong. ."Red, White and Blue". ....Orpheus Quartet
Song, "America" (led by Prof. J. McKenzle)...
' ; ......Audience
Benediction Chaplain
The exercises will take place at 1 p. m.
at the pavilion on the grounds, the rest of
the day being devoted to games and danc
ing. The decoration committee reported
that every flagpole in the City, all the car
bouses, shipping and public buildings will
float the Stars and Stripes; that at 12
o'clock whistles will blown for five min
utes by all the foundries and steamboats
and the electric-li^ht plant on Stevenson
street, which will be followed by salutes
from all the forts and men-of-war in the
harbor.
The Mayor, the Board of Supervisors
and the Board of Education have been in
vited to participate in the exercises and
celebration and no pains are being spared
by the committee to make a grand demon
stration.
F. Vandecook will be the floor manager;
H. W. CWrk will have charge of the games ;
H. W. Homer will edit and issue the
Bunker Hill Leaflet, which has been recog
nized as the authorized organ of the Bunker
Hill Association, the first issue to come
out a few days before the coming celebra
tion.
The invitation, printing and advertising
committee reported the completed pro
gramme.
Tbe transportation committee reported
that trains will stop Doth ways at San
Rafael, and special cars will be reserved
for the talent and invited guests.
After patriotic remarks the meeting ad
journed for one week.
The locomotives in China are all English
and Scotch, with the exception of one
American engine built by the Grant Loco
motive Company.
" Explanation.
.
Tb* arrow flits with tn» wind. The top figure*
at station Indicate | maximum temperatur* for th«
lays; those underneath It. If any, tne amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredth*,
daring tb« past twelve hours. Iscbars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iai>
therms, or doited lines, equal temp;-nit lire, 'the
word "hint" means high I barometric pressure and
It usually accompanied by fair wea, her: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is I usually preceded
and accompanied - by. cloudy . weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear' on tee Washington
coast. ■: When the pressure Is high in th« interioi
and low atonic the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone the .coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low?. Is inclosed with Isobars of
Barked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Improb
able. With a "high". In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result- 4 >
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United ■ States Department of Agbicol
tcbic Weather Bureau, Sah Fbancisco, May
30, 1898, 5 p. m.— Weather coudl. ions and general .
forecast: ; ; ■. •
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season : '
Eureka 61.70, last season 48.27; Rel Bluff 22.43,
last season 29.71: Sau Francisco 21.25, last sea
son 25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67: San
Luis obispo 17.70, last season 26.04: Los Angeles
9.35. lust season 16.10; San Diego 5.92, last sea
son li.'JO: Yuma .83, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: - ■•>
Kureka 60. Red Bluff 78, San Francisco 62,
Fresno 82, *an Luis Obispo 72, Los Angeles 72.
San Diego 68, Yuma 90, -
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 55. mean 58-
The following rainfalls are reported In California
dunncr the past 24 hours:
Eureka. lo, Red Blutf .10, San Francisco trace.'
An area of high pressure has appeared off the
coast of California and is moving northward. Dur
ing the past 24 • ours there has been a rise of
three-tenths of an Inch in pressure over the north
ern half of the Pacific slope.
The temperature has risen over California and
Nevada, in the northern half of the latter State
there has been a rise of about 20 decrees In the
past 24 hour*. The temperature Is about normal
In « allforuia to-niitht. It is 23 degrees below the
normal in .Northern Utah.<
Rain has fallen in Utah and Northern Nevada
and it is now raining in Wyoming, over the Pa
cific slope the weather ha- been generally clear.
Conditions are favorable ftr fair and warmer
weather Sunday over the Pacific Coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours,
endine midnight, MaySl, 1896. •**. *,;..
Northern California— Fair Sunday and warmer
light fog Sunday night along the coast: fresh west
erly winds. ■
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
erly winds. ' •■ ■ s
Nevada— Fair Sunday. , . i
. Utah— Probably fair Sunday and warmer.
Arizona— Fair nunday. - ■ ,
San i-rnneisco and - vicinity— Fair Sunday;
warmer: fresh westerly winds, increasing in force
in the afternoon ; light fog Sunday afternoon off
the coast. • Alexakdeb G. Mcadik,
Local Forecast Official. *
THE COMMERCIAL RECORD.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, l ix., Slay 30.— grain markets-
Holiday.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS m.. May SO.-Rather
light receipts of cattle and a fair demand caused
steady prices In that market to-day. About 2000
more hogs arrived to-day than on the closing day
last week, and prices sunk 6@loc under the bur
den. Sheep were steady on moderate recelp;s and
a good demand.
CATTLE — Receipts. 1500. Fancy beeves.
B4 2004 36; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4(eJ-l 20: irood to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, S3 76r<i4 00; medium steers. 1000
to 16 M pounds. $.> 60&3 70: common to fair steers.
960 to 1400 pounds. $3 35(34 35: choice feeders.
000 to 1200 pounds. S3 60@J 90; common to ohoioe
siocicers. $2 SUi!<3 90; bulls. Choice to
extra. $2 90@3 25: bulls, poor o cnoice, $2 00®
a 75; cows and heifers, extra. $3 60©4 01): cows.
fair to choice. $2 40@3 50: cows, common to fair,
$1 60@3 25: calvea, good ■to choice. $4 60
6 25: calves, common to good. 93 2586 -5: Texas
grass steers, $2 UotS>3 30: Texas fed steers. $3 10
(9.3 95: Texas cows ana bulls. *2 35@3 95; makers
ana springers, pel head, S-Jo@3s.
HOGS— Receipts. 20,000. Heavy paeklnsr ana
shipping lots, *3 10<33 2b; common to choice
mixed. 43 10fec3 35: choice assorted. $3 40(B
3 45; light, »3 ?5@3 55; pics. «2 75@3 25.
s>HEfci- — Receipts. 6000. Interior to choice,
60i5,4 25: inn.es. $8 25 , 550
THE CALL CALENDAR.
OCEAN STEAMERS
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. 8. Coast aicd Geodetio Survey Trs«>
Buxuctiit Published BY OFFICIAL V
AUTHORITY OF TRI SnPEBINTKXDKSTT. j
Snndav May ai.
SnnnsM 4. 48'. M00n rises... .. 11.35pm
Sun sets 7.127|i100n sets
In th« abore exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second timi
column Rives thn second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of tbe day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on th« United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtra-tlTt
from the depth given by he charts
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
. Arrived.
. BATURDAY. May 30.
Stmr City •of Puebla, Debney, 54 hours from
Victoria and Pnget Sound ports; pass and mdse, 10
Goodall, Perkins * Co.
; Btmr Whltesboro. Johnson, 15 hours from
Greenwood; rr ties and lumber, to L ft; White Lum
ber Co. , ■„■•- . -.
fcStmr Westport, Jacobs, 21 hours from Usal: 1 36
M ft lumber, to Usal lied wood Co: 160 eds bark,
to Pollard <fc Dodge. •
Stmr Tillamook, Hansen, SB hours from Hue
lie rue- produce, to Erlanger <& Galinger.
: Bark Germania, 'Pearson-, 9 days from New
Wbatcom; tSOQ M ft lumber and laths, to P fl Corn
wall.
■ Schr Confianza, Weber, 8 days from Nehalem
River; lumber, to 8 H Harmon Lumber Co. -
Schr Amethyst. Soriand, 6% days from Waids
port: —M ft lumber, to T J Golden.
Salle-1.
1 SATURDAY, May 30.
■ Stmr Queen, Carroll. Seattle.
stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefield. Tacoma.
Btrnr Alb. on. Lundquist, Albion.
ship Columbia Neison. Departure Bay. ;
B.mSN Cattle, Uuboard, Honolulu. ?
'. Schr Reliance, Jensen. '■ iWIUjiH WiiujTgjiiliwjrt
Schr Bender Brothers. Thompson, HielpsLand
ing.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Arf.
Scbr W 8 Phelps, O'Farrell.
'.telegraphic. ,
• POINT !<>BO3. Mai' 30-1) p. ic-Weatnar
hazy : wind NW; velocity. 24 miles.
Mlscellaneoa*. *
HONGKONG. May 29-Bktn John Balzley. pre
viously reported being ashore, has been floated,
and Is being lo wea Into port. •
. • . Domestic Ports. > vc' -• ■
EUREKA— Arrived May SO-Stmr Farallon, fm
Yaoulna Bay; stmr Pomona, hence May 29.
GREEN WOOD— May 30-si.nir Alcazar,
hence Ma v 29. . ■ • ■-..
MKNDOCIXO— Sailed May 2 9 -Schr • Bobolink,
for Sun Francisco. V<OTni*jiHHLirawi|f|iMiiiv»iii|||fci
PORT LOS AKGKLES— Arrived May SO-Stmr
Protection, from Us*!, and sailed for — ■ — ; ■
EURJCKA— May 30— (Schrs Laura Pike,
Elvema, and stmrs Faralion and National. City,
for San Francisco. " - "^gfeufflg^ggggHiini. i,,,.
■ COOS BAY— Arrived May 30— Stmr Arago, hnc
May 28. - • - -•■ >
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 29-Schr Ed
ward Parke, for sau Francisco; schr j M Weather
wax, for Suva. FijL '
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 30— Scbr Monterey,
from Kedondo; stair Pasadena, from Eureka.
TACOMA— Sailed May Schr Zampa, for
Guaymas.
Fore! Port*.
DEPARTURE BAY-Salled May 30-Shlp Ori
ental, for San Francisco.
Importation*.
VICTORIA-Per City of Puebla— hides, 2
bdls hides, 17 bdls kip and calfskins, 13 bales pelts,
3 pkes household goo. ls, 12 sks ore.
Port Townsend— l9o.' keas wire nails.
Jnneau— 1 bx sealed treasure, 51 sks concen
trates. ■ ■ i • ...
Seattle— l cs clothing, 3 bales rattan, Ics eham
pague. 2 trunks personal effects, 1 cs personal
effects, 1 ca books. Ica dry goods, 116 sks bones,
386- bdls hides, . 1 picsj neckwear, Ibx slot
machines, 6 pkiss household goods 15 cs canned
syrup, 1 bbl maple sugar, IS bxs fresh halibut, 10
bxs smoked halibut. 4 bdls smoked herring, 8 bxs
fresh flsl), 198 sks pork. 53 bxs apples, 'JO tierces
smoked 15 ca shoulders. 10 cs bacon, 45 cs
smoked meats. 5 cs smoked sides. 2 pcs sandstone,
1 cs cigars. 15 bxs fish, 84 mattresses, 28 Hie pre
servers, 155 tons coal.
Seattle via 'JN Ky— 27o ska flour, 1 bx tools, 4
pkgs household roods.
Tacoma— l bx coke, Ics dry goods, 1 trunk per
sonal effects, 10i/a bblis salmon bellies, 1 bx' type
writers, ■55 bales excelsior, 12 pkgs household
goods.
East of Fargo via Tflcoma— l cs whipstocks.
West of Fargo via Tacoma— l4o sks wool, 306
qr-Bka flour, 300 sks flour, 3cs canned goods, 500
sks wheat. •
Everett— B kegs nails, 1200 bars bullion, lea
shoes, 4 cs paper, 122 bdls paper, 47 rolls paper.
New Whatcom— 3 bxs butter, 1 pkg household
goods. - . , ..
Vancouver— 37s cs champagne.
Departure Bay— Blo tons coa>.
Vancouver via C P Ry— 2o cs cigarettes. 11 crts
B D hangers, 10 bdls strips, 10 bxs B D tracks, 13
cs caps, 2-0 bills paper. 2 cs X D machines, 1 cs
leather. 26.2 cs boots and shoes, 6 cs dry goods, 3
cs underwear. 1 cs drills. 17 cs shoes
HUENEME— Per Tiilamook-2982 sks barley,
1080 sks corn, 80 sks mus.urd, 50 sks beans.
Consignees.
PerCitv of Puebla— Bissinger & Co: R B Syming
ton; Wells. Far<o <fc Co order: J D French; The
Bank of California; San Francisco Chemical
Works: Selby smelting and Lead Co; John Wit
land liros; A J Primer A ~uns: Arrues <fc Dalian::
California Champagne Co; .1 J Newberger; Low
enb^rg &CO: Pacific Bone and Fertilizing Co; W P
Wheeler; WIS Sumner it Co; American Union
Fish Co: J J er_;<-r; LoweatMHC & Co: Weil A
Jlicbaeis: Wcrtbeim»r. Ik Co; Armour Packing Co:
D E Allison ACo Gett Bros «Ss Co; *xye, Bruhn A
Co; J McOHvray: Lane <£ Conaetlr; Milanl A Co;
M Camlllinl; SR Couoa; W « llintou; M A New
mark ife Co: FK Truman: California Coal and
Grain Co; H W HtgKtOS; H Newell; T Kraynea;
9 W McAll ster: Hoffman A Alexander: "Lewis
I Packing; Co; J 8 Outline it Co; L»t M Alexander
&Co; W ASchock: il Lewts: Allen & Lewis: Key
st tie Bro<; C J Leist & Co: Cutting Packing Co;
Baker A Hamilton: 8 Sallinger; Staud'er ■* Co: W
• G Richardson: Moore, Ferguson A Co: Triest &
Co; Buckingham He-ht A Co: "Oregon Imp Co: H
L Il>nry: . American Tobacco Co: Kowalsky A Co:
Murphy, Grant «fcCo; Calm, Nickelsburg dc Co; H
Veuve: Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson;* Pioneer Roll
Paper Co: Blake, Mottitt & Tow ne: >a-.-hs Bros:
Brighnm, Hoppe <£ Co: Stetso- Drayage Co;
Plial <fe Decker: P Helshfelil.
Per Tillamook— Erlanger A Galinger; Jackson
Brewery.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth Pag:.
OCEAW RTEAMSHIPS: ;
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CttIPAII
STEAMERS WILL SAIL "FROM y3ft*a
Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, an ■***rftfr
follows: •'-■■:. ■■-„ .
For Mary Island. Lorln?. Wran^eU Juneau. Kil-
Hsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at » a. m., Juue 3,'
13, 18. 'in .in.. 3, l .... aa.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C>. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Wbatcom (Bellincham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. if.
Jim 3 .13. i■. -23: '-'■ ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wit
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. B. R-,
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at For: Townsend wltn
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata aod Fields Landing (Huin-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. m.. June 2. d. 10,
14-1 M, 2»-3 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Fort Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro, East Haa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., June
4. -. 12. id, '.Jo, -4. 28 and every fourth day there-
after.
I- or Ban Diego, stopping only at Port Harfor 1
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, - Port .. Lo§
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. d «■ 2 ■>. I<>. 14; .8, '-'2. 26, bO and every
fourth day thereafter.
lor Knsenada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Pax. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
i 10 a. if.. June 2, '27, ana2stuof eaten month there-
ait r. • .
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. "
OOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Geu'l Agents.
10 Market sU San Francisco.
ASTORIA AEPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California sails. June 2, 12 and 22
Columbia sails ; .June 7, 17 and 27
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a, H.
6OODALX* PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
h\ £*. CONNOR, General Assent,
J ■ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO — --
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
X"l.xrflrt C1a55. ...... • • S&S.OO
Second 01ai55....56.00
Meals and berth Inch- -fed. >
Ticket Office— 4 Jew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
. . .General Agents.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, R«» HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, (3H " V
AUSTRALIA. Xj? S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. June 16, at 10 a. v. Special party rates.
■ 8. S. AIAM DA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June as,
at 2 p.m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Anst., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. ;
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Ajrts..
114 Montgomery at
Freight Office, 327 Market at., San Francisco.
COMPiGJIE GENERAL TRAHSATLI
French Uni to HavT«>. . ;.
fIOMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH jcy^n
\J River, foot of Morton sU Travelers by {JjfVW
this line avoid both transit oy English railway iiuj
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yonc to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
£rst-ciass?ltiU: second-class, »11&
I.A TOURAINE. Capt. 6anteUi....May 23, 8 a: m.
LA NORMANDIE May IS. 8 a. ic
LA GASCOGNE J n : c 'JO, 7A. If.
LA .NOit i A.Nuit ...^. ............ July 4. 6 a. if.
LA GAbCOGXE July '25. 11 a, M.
LA NOR.VfANDIB.- August 1, 5 A, K.
LA BOURGOONE. Capt. Leboent .June 6, 7 a. m.
ja~ For further particulars apply to
_ ■••_'■ , A.FOP.GET, Asrent,
■, *■ r-rrr. %8 * ?,X in " Green. New Yortc.
•&&!»?&&£; *— » 6 «""■«■»
WHITE JTAR HUB.
Doited States and Royal Mall ' Steamers
__ ' . BJTWMS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVEKI" >VKJSK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- num
/ Ing to steamer and accommodations «££ »i
selected; second cabin, ?36 and *40: Maj»*uciSa
Teutonic ■ Steerage Tickets from Ens-land Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden. Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. TicketsT
s»ilin ? dates and cabin plans may be procux^i
from W. H. AVERY, Paefflc Mail Dock, orVt thi
General Office of the Company, 613 Market strait
utferunuid Hotel. g. W . fletche" *
- -'■• '■■■•■ " General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPASL
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL n> r»
fortnightly for the West Indies. and >2m9
Southampton, calling en route •at C^rbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers." -
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat*
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
i Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
Class, $97 50. For further particulars apply to
PARKOTT & CO., Agents,
I . 308 California str
STOCKTON STEAMERS"
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At a I*. m, Daily.
. - Sunday at 7 I*. M.
tgr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
'■':''. l UIXAM£Ut:
T. C. Walker, . j t> p e * a m
Mary Uarratt'. €It?of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FALLEJO, fIUtiTiSL M.'BEXHUPOIT
, v COSTA AM CROCIITT.
ni n . — ST ?« MONTICEI.I,O.
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday-10:30 a. m
and 4 r. jc. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. «|
•4*ll. Only. *»<»•*-» '>*■ -v
• landing, Misalon 1. Pie* 4. '
3132
CALIFORNIANS
IN NEW YORK.
Huntington Has Occupied
His Fine New
House.
WRITERS MAKING MONEY
Mayor Carlson of San Diego Re
visits the Scenes of His
Youth.
WHAT THE HORSES ARE DOING
On the Whole the Representatives of
tbe Golden State Are Having
a Good Time.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 29.— There are
several Californians here, who are oc
cupying a generous portion of Broadway
and outlying settlements. Take Mayor
Carlson of San Diego, for instance. He is
registered at the Astor House, where he
sleeps, but it is nevertheless true that he
dinea in some of the little French
restaurants around the basements along
Nassau street. At times ne goes into the
small, coffee-joints, climbs up on a stool,
and takes his reoast with the kids.
•'And why not?" he exclaims, arching
his eyebrows. "I would not consider my
visit here complete if I could not live my
boyhood days over again. When I was a
youngster here and New York was more
or iess of a village I used to frequent these
haunts, and as a matter of fact, right low
down, I haven't had so much fun since."
It takes a great deal of pressure to get him
into one of the park? or out in the resi
dence quarter.
He seems to scent the delights of the
past only in the neighborhood of Wall
and Nassau streets, and there he can
generally be found. It may be timely to
say that Mr. Carlson is here principally
to work up a railroad scheme centering in
the right of way he has from Salt Lake
to San Diego. He will probably get back
to the seaboard in time to run against
Congressman Bowers tor Congress.
If you drift a little further up Broadway
you can find J. D. Hanbury, who has just
returned from London, where he has been
laying wires to sell a gold mine. He
spends a great deal of time with his rail
road friends, and a bevy of them can
always be found around him at the Union
square Hotel. He will leave for home in
a few days.
Mrs. Elizabeth Berkmeyer, residing on
Versailles avenue, Alameda, ia shortly to.
have issued a novel from the publishing
house of F. Tennyson Neely. Mrs. Berk
meyer is the author of "The Lost At
lantis," published some two years ago.
Detectives Seymour and Whittaker of
Captain Lees' brigade have arrived to see
how traveling agrees with forger and draft
raiser Dean, who was detained in New
York recently to await the coming of these
two gentlemen. Mr. Dean was not par
ticularly anxious to linger here, but Chief
Con lon convinced him that Seymour and
Whittaker were good fellows and worth
any amount Qf waiting for. While since
their appearance here they see a good deal
of Dean it is not true that they are taking
in the town as a trio. Seymour regards
the Raines law and the proposition of
closing refreshment parlors at midnight
as class legislation, and admits that ne is
outclassed. Both of the detectives went
down end took a look at Bartboldi's statue
of Liberty Enlightening the World. They
think she would be in better business on
Goat Island, smiling on San Francisco and
Oakland. Whittaker ordered such a meal
here as one can get in San Francisco for $1,
and the bill, exclusive oi" waiter's fees, was
$6 25. He says the waiter's fee is 10 per
cent and the proprietor's .500. They both
admit that they dislike New York almost
as much as does Dean.
The sea has given tip another victim.
Owen B. Jones, a theatrical man, who be
ean his career in San Francisco, was re
cently found floating off Brooklyn docks.
His stage name was Edmund Drury and
his first appearance in the West was in
"Hazel Kirke." He was well known in
California and not over 30 years of age.
Society is not a little surprised here at
Mrs. Phoebe Hearst's giving up her pro
posed trip by special train to Moscow to
witness tne coronation of the Czar. T.ie
lady had invited Minister Bayard and his
family to join the party, but the diplomat,
for some unaccountable reason, could not
accept the invitation and the trip was
called off.
James Moffittof the paper firm of Blake,
Moffitt <fe Towne of San Francisco left to
day for Europe on the Campania. He will
join his family there and after remaining
for a few of the summer months will re
turn to California and business.
Miss Viva Cummins, the talented daugh
ter of Ella Sterling Uummins, well known
to California literature, gave an Oriental
costume concert last week- at Friendly
Hall, 31 East Thirty-first street. It was
well attended by both New Yorkers and
Caliiornians.
Will M. Clemens, formerly of San Fran
cis3o, appears in four magazines for the
month of June, and California writers
generally find a good market here for all
kinds of literature.
I wonder if Collis P. Huntington ever
comes across the shades of his. old enemies
in what prattling and superstitious people
are pleased to call bis "haunted house."
Tbe railroad king was reluctant about
finally making it his permanent abode,
but as he has permitted his two larze feet
to guide him around in its several halls
and adjoining rooms without encounter
ing death, he is satisfied now that nothing
unusual is likely to happen; at least until
Congress takes a fall out of the Pacific
Railroads funding bill.
The starting machine introduced at the
Ingleside track in fc an Francisco has at
tracted the attention of the New York
racemen. T. H. Wili iamß recently ar
rived here from the West and is quartered
at tbe Hoffman Hou Be . where with local
horsemen arrangements are being made
to prepare for the introduction of the con
trivance on New York tracks. He leaves
for Europe soon, dunn E which time work
ing models will be ship,, ed from San
Francisco to be put in operation when he
returns. Freddie Gebhardt, Jack Fol
lansbee and W. R. Hearst, toeeihpr with
Mr. Williams, get together qu f£ fre
quently after theater hours and talk over
California reminiscences like four i>ovs
John Mackey of the Rancho del p aso
' "V^ wr^ w ._ n _ r% .- 1 .-,- l _-:^^^^.-.- 1 .-;-.^^^^Oi/i' NEW TO-DAY. : .' ' .-.-,,' '■..'.'.. _ . _ '. r.L .- J^ --------
1 !i l Jtale JJros. § DEPARTMENTS. I Jfaie Jsros. w*C* I
5 <f fc EXTRA DELIVERIES. %<r 52
incorporated, C COME EARLY **' incorporated,
§ 937, 939, 94/, 943, 945 77?ar*et Street. jjo,'° o,'o ,', 0 , , b o P ooVo>a^UUUUUUuJ. 937, 939, 94/, 943, .945 Market Street . %
S fc^iv^ Perhaps our y#^^^^% a » • *, *v '
g " offerings in the Silk Sir^W^ ■ AntlCipatlng the §
§ Department this spring n-'^^^^ departure of many
% have been the best inducements San Francisco (VV^ifM^^fe of our patrons to their §
2! shoppers have ever experienced. Crowded counters ![ u' J mMt^|fft summer homes and abroad, we have organized a }£
§ encourage us. We have decided on a great Special \ \ Special Bargain Sale in Summer Waists and Wash -3
£ Silk Sale with offerings that eclipse even our own "^-'^- $*•s£s>> Goods. You will find our offerings . unusually S
record. For this week only. • »** «$& interesting and attractive. For this week only. 3
§ SILKS.
£: Special Selling This Week.
=^ BLACK BROCADED GROS GRAIN, m» 1 .00
•*— our entire line of $126 stuff. very«JpJ
gT~ , ' heavy, all new goods— SALE PRICE.. Yard
Z^ BLACK BROCADED SATIN, our $1 7CC
EfT" line, 25 inches wide, all ■ new this • O
y- season— PRICK.. Yard
ZZ2 COLORED SATIN STRIPES ON BLACK
-^ • TAFFETA GROUNDS, good heavy 7F^C
*a~ grade, splendid for skirts— SALE I O
e5- PRICE..... Yard
=^ DRESDEN SILKS, our entire line of 75c p. AC
e>— Dresden silks, 21 inches wide, light U\J
colors— SALE PRICE Yard
-^ DRESDEN SILKS, ail of our regular 50c QKC
■0-"~ fancy Dresden silks, fancy satin stripes OO
y>— and large designs— SALE PRICE Yard
3^ HEAVY BLACK SATIN DUCHESS,
r^ ■ the $1 25 grade, full 24 inches wide. Q-.C
BT" guaranteed alll silk and best dye. OU
•- SALE PRICK Yard
:^ BLACK SATIN DUCHES-i. A line of
•>— $ 1 75 heavy black satin duchess •21JJ»"1.25
SZZ inches' wide, quality guaranteed, up J
-^ SALK PRICK .' Yard
jZ BLACK GROS GRAIN SILK. An extra
y- heavy $1 60 quality, 23 Inches wide.
Z^ best dye and finish, guaranteed all C« 1.00
— -• - pure silk. A big bargain. SALE'Ji
g* PKICE i Yard
§ THE STORE IS AT
p YOUR ELBOW.
St Wherever you are you can write
~~^ for what you want ana get as Rood
•>— as If you stood at the counter. We
g*~ deliver goods free to all parts of the
—^ city, OaKland, Alameda, Sausalito,
San Rafael, Haywards and near-by
•>— towns. Our catalogue sent free.
the man who knows more about horses
than any other man living, has been hand
ling the J. B. Haggin sale here, and Jimmy
McCormack, who trained the Burns and
Waterhouse stables last season, bas made
several good purchases, and will return to
California with a good string. It is said
that when Jimmy broucht his family
to San Jose Mrs. McCormack once
answered a knock at the back door, and
upon seeing a Chinese vegetable vendor
(the first she had ever been confronted by),
fainted away under the belief that the
country had suddenly fallen into the
clutches of some unknown people who
were about to clean off the face of the
earth. Since that time, however, she has
learned that John Chinaman is not look
ing for trouble with the whites so long as
he can sell his green goods.
While the trolley death rate in San
Francisco may be pretty large, there are
others. In Brooklyn it has reached 147,
and the work is said to have only half
begun. Robert H. Davis.
NEW LAW GRADUATES.
Senior Class of the Hustings* Law Col
lege Regularly Enrolled an Attor
neys by the Supreme Court.
The Regents of the University of Cali
fornia having last weeK conferred upon the
graduates of the Hastings College of the
Law the degree of bachelor of laws, the
Supreme Court last Tuesday, on motion of
W. B. Bosley, Esq., assistant professor of
law in the university, regularly admitted
to practice in all the courts of this State
the following named graduates:
Everett Ames, Oakland ; Leo Bethel Archer,
John Joseph Barrett, San Francisco; Thomas
Joseph Barry, Grass Valley; Louis de Fontenoy
Bartlett, San Francisco; Louis Lazarus Bern
heira, Santa Cruz; Ernest C. Bonner, Cedar
ville; Herbert Sampson Bradford, Walter Scott
Brann, San Francisco; John Foster Clute,
Volcano; E. Theodore Cooper, A. R. Cotton Jr. ,
Thomas Drummond Davidson, William
Dehy, San Francisco; F. W. Dlclcsou,
Auburn; Richard J. Dillon, Los An
geles; George H. Fletcher, Grass Valley;
Lewis A. Gibbons, Robert William Gillogley,
Francis Peter Haynes, 8.5., Horace Caldwell
Head, Ph.B., San Francisco; Walter Hughes
Henry, Ph.B., Oakland; William Perm
Humphreys Jr., Ph.B., A.8., Frank Krull, 8.5.,
BvITMO. Jules Lazarus, John A. Lenahan, 8.5.,
San Francisco; Frederick C. Loofbourow, Salt
Lake City; Clifford McLellan, San Francisco;
Harley Phillips Mathewson, A.8., Los An
geles; Benjamin Louis McKinley, A.8.,
Thomas Steven Molloy, A.8., Robert
Head Morrow. Ph.B., San Francisco;
Thomas Henry Nicholls, . Dutch Flat;
Charles Francis O'Callaghan, John O'Gara,
A.M., Thomas Allen Perkins, A.M., Leon Ed
ward Prescott, Robert Martin Price, Ph.B.,
Charles Samuel Rosener, San Francisco; John
Albert Sanborn, Fruitvale; Edward Percival
Shortall, San Francisco; James Wilson Smith,
Santa Barbara; Stephen Leslie Sullivan, A.M.,
Ban Pablo; Howard Thompson Trumbo, Salt
Lake City; John James Van Nostrand, Carl
Westerfeld, A.8., Charles Wesley WiUard, A.8.,
San Francisco.
McKenna Names a Receiver.
Judge McKenna at the instance of Charles H.
Smith of Denver bas appointed C. H. King of
Oaitland receiver of tbe California and Nevada
Railroad. The road was organized in April,
1884, and bonded for $5,000,000, only $545,
000 of which was issued. Smith owns $300,
000 of the bonds, and in his complaint alleges
that in addition to the fact that no interest is
paid on the bonds the road is run in the inter
est of those In charge. On this showing tbe
receiver was appointed and the directors of
the company enjoined from selling or issuing
any of the bonds or stock of the road. The
suit is Intended to settle the title to the road
so that it can be legally sold.
Two Japanese Kobbers.
Kiyake Hinamal and I. Kanzanki, two Japa
nese, were arrested ou Stockton street yester
day morning for robbing a stranger. Officer
Purvis, who made tbe arrest, saw them assault
the ttranger, but in tbe chase for the robbers
the victim was lost. Hinamal bad a pair of
brass knuckles and $16. The latter is sup
posed to have been taken from tne unknown
man. The police are now trying to Una the
fellow who was robbed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 1896.
SPECIALS.
Special Offerings for This Week
Only.
GLASS TOWELS, fringed, 14x28 Inches,
tine weave, good absorbent, regular CC
81/3 C each, SPECIAL PRICE EACH. O
DAMASK TOWELS^ 26x50 Inches,
• ■ heavy knotted fringe, colored borders,
regular 65c quality. SPECIAL PKICE OQC
EACH OU
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3%
yards by 62 Inches wide, ecru and
white, regular price fl 25, SPECIAL fI>I .00 ■
PRICE, PAIR ..«Jpl
•NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 4
yards by 68 Inches, white and ecru,
regular $1 75 value, SPECIAL .35
PRICK, PAIR :.«IpJL
LA DIES' TAN COTTON HOSE, made j
of tine Maco yarn, Richelieu ribbed,
spliced heels and toes, regular value " 1 re
25 cent*, SPECIAL PRICr: PAIR. ... 10
GENTS' WOOL MIXED UNDERWEAR, '
natural gray and white, good heavy
quality, shins and drawers to match,
sizes 38 to 48, our SPECIAL PRICE A f\C
PER GARMENT 4t7
WINDSOR TIES, made of fine India silk,
neat patterns, light and dark colors, 1 AC
our SPECIAL PRICE EACH 1U
WHITE FLANNEL, 27 Inches wide, all
wool, heavy weight, regular 3Oc
quality, SPECIAL PRICE PER OAC
YARD ; ZU
SHIRT WAIST SETS, 4 studs and sleeve
buttons, good and heavy, white metal, 1 *"C
value li6c, PRICE PER SET 10
4- BUTTON KID GLOVES, pique stitched
back, in tans and browns, assorted
sizes, value 81, SPECIAL PRICE ' aAC
PER PAIR 4t7
Front view of the large Pavilion Theater in courss of construction at the Chutes on Haight Street. This new amusement place is designed to
seat 5000 people comfortably. Its exterior is an adaptation of the Moresque style, with a spacious veranda and a gallery for a concert
band. The interior will be finished in rough plaster, colored in pleasing tints, and be provided with every accommodation for patrons.
Vaudeville and instrumental concerts will constitute the chief entertainment, though the Theater is intended as a pavilion for fete-day
celebrations. It will be open about July ft.
{Reproduced from the drawing of J. V. Knoth, the architect]
TURNED ON THE GAS.
W. P. Johnson, an Uncle of the State
Printer, Takes His Own
Life.
W. P. Johnson, an uncle of the present
State Printer, was found dead in his bed
at 1049 Mission street yestesday morning.
All indications point to the death as one
of suicide.
Johnson came to this City about five
months ago from Sacramento, where his
wife and family continue to reside. He
secured a position as collector for a lum
ber company, and for a while seemed to
prosper. He was suffering from lung
trouble, and in consequence aroused the
sympathy of Mrs. Kattschmidt, at whose
home he secured a room. Some weeks
ago he lost his situation, and last week
made a brief visit to Sacramento.
On Wednesday he returned apparently
much depressed. He shunned* all ac
quaintances, answering such questions as
were addressed him in short but courteous
tones. Yesterday morning Mathew Allen,
a roomer at 1049 Mission street, while
passing through the hall detected the
odor of eas emanating apparently from
Johnson's room. In the company of Mrs.
Kattschmidt he entered Johnson's room.
The iatter was lying on the bed partly
dressed, and from the chandelier a steady
MAYER STOCK.
Capes. Jackets. Wrappers. Skirts.
33 LADIES' JACKETS, in heavy winter eoods, 27 inches long, most ©1 50
of them silK lined ; Mayer's price $7, OUR PRICE $!._
Each
43 LADIES' BLAZER JACKETS, tan, black and blue, just the thing 7£ C
for summer; Mayer's price $5, OUR I'RICE It)
Each
69 LADIES' CAPES, tan and blue, trimmed with straps of sametf»O 50
material and silt buttons, these are little beautiea. Mayer's «pO._
price $7, OUR PRICE Each
73 LADIES' JACKETS, in tan mixtures, velvet collar, very large C»Q 95
sleeves, 24 inches long, ripple back, 4 buttons, sizes 32 to 40, %)&• —
Mayer's price $7 50, OUR PRICE Each
21 LADIES' SEPARATE SKIRTS, in black and white checks, lined ®O 50
all through, bound all around bottom with velvet, 5 yards wide. t5"* —
Mayer's price $«, OUR PRICE Each
23 LADIES' BEALETTE JACKETS, 27 inches long, ornaments <»7 50
down front ; this is a genuine bargain. Mayer's prices $18 50 to w• •—• —
|35. THE LOT THIS WEEK Each
33 LADIES' BLACK WIDE WALES SKIRTS, lined with rustle fflpr 00
percaline, 5 yards wide and bound with velvet binding ail around tpt).—
bottom. Mayer's price $8 50. OUR PHICE Each
A NEW LINE OF WRAPPERS from the Mayer stock, 1896 uar- nno\ o
ments. Mayers prices $2 25, $1 75, $1 50 and $1 each. OUR *wt
PRICES $1 50, $1 25, $1 and Each
stream of gas was flowing. Death bad
evidently occurred some hoars before, as
the bcdy was almost rigid.
The dead man left no statement as to
his reasons for committing suicide. Save
30 cents in change and a newspaper clip
ping containing a poem entitled "Don't
Let the World Know Tnat You Are
Down" nothing was found on his person.
State Printer Johnson has been notified
of the suicide and the body will be held by
the Coroner, subject to the order of either
the wife or nephew.
POLICE PISTOL SHOTS.
Distribution of Medals to Officers
Who Made Fine Target
Records.
When the police assembled Friday evon
ing at the City Hall police station Lieuten
ant Bird sail in an appropriate address com
plimented them upon their progress and
success as marksmen with the pistol. He
stated that when the new pistol range in
the basement of the hall was fixed up
there were more poor shots on the force
than there were good ones. Now the case
is the reverse. It afforded him creat
pleasure, he said, to present to SmithCarr
the gold medal for being the best shot with
a pistol on the force. Officer Carr's average
was 28 9-12 hits out of a possible 30.
The medal is a beautiful piece of work
manship. Oarr is justly proud of his
trophy. He is one of the best pistol shots
on the coast as well as of the police force.
Officer C. E. Fennell was the winner of
the silver medal, his average being 27 21-25
out of 30. W. D. Scott was justly proud
when presented with the bronze medal,
his average being 27 11-24 out of 30.
Dennis Hayden carried off the special
gold medal presented by Captain Witt
man for having mr.de the greatest im
provement in shooting since the compe
tition began in October. His first six
scores were 38 points out of 180, and his
last six were 126 out of 180. Special men
tion was made of fonr other officers who
had made excellent progress. These with
their first and last six scores (possible 180)
were: Henry Clancy, 68-150. P. H. Her
ring. 59-135: D. Ryan, 36-156; William
Armstrong, 70-129.
NOT A FELONY.
The Mars Jury Insists Upon Light Sen
tences for the Striking;
Lathers.
After being out for thirty hours the
jury in the Mars case again entered Judge
Belcher's court at 3 o'clock yesterday and
returned the same verdict which the
Judge refused to accept on the previous
day. The case was that in which James
Holmes, William Waltz, Neal Collins,
William Starr, William Dowling, W. Mc-
Coy. D. Dunn and J. D. Mcßae. members
of the Lathers' Union. wer« on trial tor
SPECIALS.
Big Inducements to Call Early
This Week.
POINT DE VENISE LACE COLLARS,
Butter Color— aood heavy quality— a
collar that will wash, value 60c to 76c OXC
OUR SPECIAL PRICE EACH ZO
NEW IDEA PATTERNS. For one week
only. Large variety. VERY SPE- CO
CIAL. EACH ■ O
BABY RIBBON. Picot edge. All silk.
Good heavy quality. Regular value QC
' 15c. SPECIAL, PER BOLT O
CROCHET BED SPREADS, 72x78
Inches. Extra heavy Marseilles pat-
tern, hemmed and ready for use. ££C
Value 85c. SPECIAL PRICE DO
SANDOW PINS. • Warranted, full count
400 pins. Needlepoint. OUR PRICE QIC
. . PER PAPER Zj}
BOYS' WHITE MUSLIN GOWNS—
Good heavy quality, full size and
length, sizes 12 Va to 14, onr special Q CO
price each ; OO
COLORED BLANKETS— IO-4 (size, In
gray and tan, good for camping, regu-
lar value 9Oc, SPECIAL PRICE PER OQC
PAIR DO
FANCY SUITINGS— AU wool, 35 Inches
wide, sold all season at Hoc and 45c,
SP.KCIA.U THIS WEEK PER OCC
YARD ZO
STORM SERGE— SO pieces of 55-inch
stuff, extra heavy, black and navy,
regular $1 25 kind; PKICE FOR <7KC
THIS WEEK PER YARD I 0
FANCY FRENCR SUITINGS-Light
colorings, 40 inch, regular 76c quality,
SPECIAL THIS WEEK PER CAC
YARD..... 0U
murdar in tne killing of C. A. Mars. The
affair too* place during the lathers' strike,
about three months ago, on Fourth and
Welch streets.
On Friday afternoon the jury returned
a- verdict acquitting Mcßae and finding
the other defendants guilty of involuntary
manslaughter not amounting to a felony
Judge Belcher refused to accept the verdict
on the ground that manslaughter is a
felony, and therefore the verdict did not
conform to the law. He sent the jury
back , to their room, and later in the even
ing ordered the jurors iocked up for the
Yesterday the jury again filed into court
and presented a verdict in every particu-
Sfn « *•** t0^ he fi r »t-acauitting Mcßae
and finding the others guilty of involun
tary manslaughter not amounting to a
™ ; also recommending the convicted
men to_ti.e .extreme mercy of the court.
ii«i g *?K ll eer» er » tated that; under section
Übl of the Penal Code he was obliged to
accept the verdict, and he ■ dismissed the
jurymen J. N. E. Wilson, who appeared
lor the . defendants, stated, that this ver
dict virtually amounis to an acquittal and
mat from the peculiarity of the wording it
was evidently not the intention of the
jury, to have the men punished for felony.
Judge Belcher announced that he
would pronounce sentence on next Friday. 1
— * * *
,- Deaf and dumb ; people received syste
matic .instruction at Oxford in England,
by Dr. J. Wallis, in 1650. ... ... ; ;
WASH GOODS
And WAISTS. i
Special Sales This Week Only. '3
LADIES' CALICO WAISTS, good qnal-
ity, neat patterns, light and dark col- "I CO •>—
ore, sizes 32, 34 and 36, SPECIAL 1O g~
PRICE Each,
LADIES, CALICO WAISTS, laundered •—
collars and cuffs, full back and front, S«^
large sleeves, ali new patterns.light and QQC ■*
dark colors, our 60c grade, SALE OV —^
PRICE.... .....; Each. 22
LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS, laundered -^
■ collars and cuff s.yoke back.big sleeves, rrjc ~*m
neat patterns, new colorings, our 75c <-)».' ■ •*—
grade, OUR SPECIAL SALE PRICE Each, g"
BOYS' SOFT-FINISHED PERCALE Z^
BLOUSES, two rows of knife-pleat- mZ.
ing on front, large sailor collar, pleated CAC
edge, regular -76c quality; SALE OU T^T
PRICE.... Each
FINE DIMITY, In fancy Dresden ef- IAC
fects, reeular 16c quality; SPECIAL J.U
SALE PR1CE............. Yard ~m
INDIGO BLUE PRINTS, fast colors, jflC St:
regular 614 c quality; special price.... 'is ■*"
,••;:-•- Yard ~Z^
FRENCH PIQUE, 31 inches wide, light "I AC St
ground, small figures, stripes and dots; JLU . S>™
our Special Sale price. : Yard -^?
CRINKLED SEERSUCKERS, 27 Inches nC s*~
• wide, big variety patterns, best qual- D 55^
Ity; SPECIAL SALE PRICE Yard — •
WHITE NAINSOOKS, lace and satin Ire «2!
stripes, regular 25c quality, slightly JLO g"~
soiled; SPECIAL PKiCE Yard ->»
HfiWffiUWiUiffiUlfFiWlfiWffiJ^
J. F. MORE`S SHORTAGE.
Must Account for $60,000 of
Santa Rosa Island
Money.
At 6 o'clock Friday night Judj»e Coffey
rendered his decision in the estate of A.
P. More of Santa Rosa Island fame.
This decision makes it necessary for
John F. More, the administrator, to ac
count for about $60,000 worth of proDerty
belonging to the estate.
It was the administrator's second annual
accounting, and the contest thereover has
occupied the time of Judge Coffey for the
last thirty days.
A petition for the removal of John F.
More, as administrator, has been filed and
will come up next week for action. John
F. More is the sole surviving brother of
the late A. P. More.
There were originally six brothers, three
of whom, A. P., T. Wallace and H. H.
More, came to the State in 1850 and in
vested largely in Santa Barbara and vicin
ity. One of their purchases was the island
of Santa Kosa — the subject of much litiga
tion—valued at $1,250,000.
The. story of A. P. More's life and the
litigation which followed his death has
been told in The Call.
The decision of Judge Coffey means
j the administrator, John F. More, must
j account for $60,000 worth of property, and
| that the petition for his removal, signed
by all but two of the heirs, will be pushed
j with renewed energy.
; The attornyes in the case are.Paterson &
' Ross and J. M. Whitworth for administra
! tor; J. B. Mhoon and Gunnison, Booth &
! Bartnett for contestants, and O. P. Evans,
j Pierson & Mitchell, and F. R. Whitcomb
! for other heirs.
The petition for removal will come up
this week.
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that ho
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist thai? has
•uch a motto as that