VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 44.
LAST CRUISE OF
THE JANET COWAN
The British Ship Wrecked
Near the Carmanah
Lighthouse.
DEATH FROM EXPOSURE.
Captain Thompson and Three of!
His Crew Lose Their
Lives.
BATTLE WITH WIND AND WAVE.
Awful Sufferings of the Half-Clad Sur
vivors Before Picked Up by
a Tug.
PORT TOWKSEND, Wash., Jan. 12.-
To the long list of harrowing and terrible
accidents which have in the past served to
five the Vancouver shore the name of
being the most dangerous section of the
coast has been added another, the details
of which are appalling in the extreme.
For the past twelve days on tnat terrible
■ almost in sight of several thriving
cities, a party of shipwrecked mariners
have been barely existing, battling with
hunger and cold. Lying there now, frozen
and deserted . are the bodies of four of the
unfortunates, exposed to the terrible cold
which caused their death. These are the
Captain Thompson and three
sailors of the British bark Janet Cowan,
■which, after a voyage half around the
world, was wrecked almost in sight of its
destination.
The vessel sailed from Cape Town on
•nber 11, bound for Vancouver to
load a South African cargo of lumber.
SSiie passed the cape on December ?A), but
THE JANET COWAN.
[From a photograph made in October, 1893, while she was at anchor in this harbor.}
adverse winds drove her to sea. Later I
again the winds snifted and despite the '
determined efforts of the crew to save her
*he struck bow on upon a rocky reef ]
twelve miles to the westward from Carma
nah Point. The vessel immediately swung '
around and soon, broadside to the break- ;
ers, was piled among the. sharp rocks of
the rcer, where she will remain until the
action of the sea breaks her to i>ieces.
As soon as it became apparent that the
vessel was lost the men set about to reach
the shore— a difficult task in tl.e icy waters !
and terrible surf that was running.
Finally after several attempts a sailor '
named Chamberlin swam to the beach i
with a rope and later on a breeches buoy i
was arranged, upon which all except the
captain were taken ashore in safety. The
old skipper, 60 years of age, in some way
lost bis bold and had to be drawn through
the raging surf hanging head downward,
suspended by one foot, which had become
entangled in the ropes.
Trie weather was bitter cold and every
man was drenched, some being entirely
nuae. A count of the crew showed that
the second mate and two men were miss- i
ing, but there are none to account for their ;
loss.
The landing was made at the bottom of
a cliff covcre'd with snow, and over the top |
of this was the only means of escape. A
Bailor finally succeeded in scaling it, and
then with a line to help them the others I
ascended. Here they found a telegraph
line, and one party started east while the
other went west in the hopes of reaching !
gome settl«meut. No habitation was
reached and night came upon the stranded
mariners. The parties became separated !
and each man was left to care for himself. i
The westward crowd had not proceeded
far when they came to a river that it was
impossible to ford. They then retraced
their steps, during the trip coming upon
the body of their master and three men
who had succumbed to the extreme cold.
The bodies were found covered with snow,
and in that condition were left.
Arriving back at the vessel they found I
the sef. calm, and in a lifeboat which had
come ashore the survivors returned to the
vessel. They were pillaging the cabin of
the captain, when the mate returned. He
ordered the men to desist, and while at
The San Francisco Call.
erupting to enforce the command fell
thoneb a hatch and broke his loir. Then
the others rushed in and completed the
pillage, [laying no heed to the cries from
the injured man.
Provisions sufficient to sustain the party
three months were taken ashore, anJ
after twelve days of suffering in the ter
rible cold and drifting snows the tug Tyee
came into sight and brought some of the
survivors to this port, arriving here this
morning. The iirst mate and ten men, one
of whom had both feet frozen, are now in
j charge of British Vice-Consul Oscar
| Klocker. Five men were on the bluff at
i the time the rescue was made, the rising
storm forcing the vessel to leave them to
their fate.
Of the thirteen survivors now here, two
are in the Marine Hospital. Every one of
the other eleven shows the results of the
terrible exposure he suffered after bein »
obliged to desert the stranded Vessel dur
j ing the twelve days the survivors waited
for some one to rescue them.
The Cowan came from Cape Town,
South Africa, for Royal Roads, B. C, and
was 10S days out when she reached Cape
FJartery, on December 29. There was a
terrible stor.n off the cape, and the Cowan
stood off two days before trying to come
in. Then she was driven quickly to the
northward by a strong southwest wind,
and sought shelter in the treacherous
waters of Barcklay Sound to avoid being
driven ashore on some more exposed
point But the sound afforded little shel
ter with the prevailing wind and blinding
snowstorm then raging, and she was
driven almost directly on to the rocks at
high tide. This was at 2 o'clock in the
morning of December HI, and it was a raw,
cold night, with a snowstorm on.
The bark seemed to be breaking, and it
was decided to leave her at once. How to
get to the shore, eighty yards distant, was
a conundrum, but there was a hero equal
to this occasion, as there is in nearly every
such an emergency, and he stepped to the
front. This was seaman Chamberlain, a
brawny London boy, who volunteered to
swim to the shore and carry a line. His
words were greeted with cheers as he
quickly stripped naked, tied the lead lins
around bis neck and went over the side of
the vessel.
It was one of the most bitterly cold
nights any of the sailors had ever experi
enced, and none believed the brave man
would ever survive the trip through the
water, but he lost no time in jumping in
and striking for the shor^, dimly out
lined through the snow and darkness
ahead of him. With almost superhuman
efforts- he toiled on, and was all but suc
cessful, when the line became fast under a
rock behind him, and he was forced to
loosen it from his neck. He reached the
shore safely, and there was then nothing
to do but follow him with a lifeboat. This
was done by a small crew, which thus suc
cessfully carried the line ashore, by which
the others were sarely taken over, all being
; on shore before 6 o'clock.
During the day they found the vessel
still standing on her keel and they boarded
her, carrying off all the provisions and
stores possible, then having enough pro
visions to last fully two months. While
boarding the vessel when after these pro
visions the first mate, Charles Legall, fell
; and wrenched his leg badly, leaving him
helpless, and he was gotten ashore in the
evening of the same day. Second Officer
llowell and two apprentice boys, Steele
and Logan, were drowned while attempt
ing to return to the ship for some valu
ables left behind. All three were natives
of Scotland.
The next mornin g, under the direction
of Captain Thompson, the crew divided
into squads and began to tramp along the
beach and coast in different directions in
search of assistance or of an opportunity
to hail some passing vessel. Two days
spent at this accomplished nothing, ex
cept that it left Captain Thompson and a
colored sailor named Hunt in a bad con
| dition from exposure to the storm and
I cold, when they had returned to the spot
: where Legall had been left. Captain
i Thompson died forty-eight hours after
| coming ashore, and the men say he was
; given a Christian burial. He was a resi
dent of Liverpool, S3 years of age, and had
been on the Cowan three years as master.
Meantime the men had set to work and
constructed a shelter from sails saved from
the ship and prepared to ration out food,
if necessary, to make it last until rescue
came, the chief concern being for injured
men and those suffering most from the ex
j posure. Some of the able-bodied members
I of the crew had by this time discovered
; two huts from ranches a couple of miles
i further back from the coast, and it was
desired to accept the invitation of the in
habitants and make that their headquar
ters, but they found it impossible to move
Legall and Hunt. Then the crew divided,
eleven going and eleven remaining with
the two injured men, the former party
sending for some provisions nearly every
morning.
Yesterday morning it was very cold, and
the others did not come down to the tent
on the beach for supplies as usual. About
8 o'clock in the morning, after being on
chore twelve days, one of the sailors
tepped out of the tent and saw a steamer
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JANUARY 13, 1896.
MONOPOLY'S ENGINEER MUST HEED THE WARNING.
headed toward them. There was g r eat
excitement among the men, and in the
rush to prepare to greet the rescuer the
tent was in some manner set on lire and
totally destroyed. With it went most of
the provisions.
The steamer proved to be the tug Tyee
of the Puget Sound Tugboat Company's
fleet. By 10 o'clock all of the thirteen sea
men from the Cowan were on board.
After the thirteen from the tent were
safely on board the Tyee an effort was
made to get the others on board. They
were by this time on the beach signaling
with flaes for rescue and a lifeboat was
sent out for them, but the sea was running
too strong to make a landing, and with re
grets it was decided to come into this port
without them. They will be brought here
probably to-morrow on one of the com
pany's tutrs. 1 1 would have been necessary
for the Tyee to have remained till 10
o'clock at night to take the others on
board; hence it was decided to come here
with those on board and leave the others
to be brought another day.
Names of the members of the crew
brought here to-day are: Mate Legal] and
seamen Hunt, colored ; Moran, Irish;
Smyth, German; Olsen, Swede; Kerr,
Scotch; Cox, a native of Cape Town;
Chamberlain, London ; Cumberliss, Greece ;
Cousin, England; Heath, Russian; Ro
sario, Manilla; Carpenter, England; "Wil
son, Scotland.
The Cowan will be a total 10.-s. She is a
four-masted steel bark of 2500 tons, and
was built at Glasgow, Scotland, six years
ago. She was owned by the Shanklands.
She is still standing on her keel, but there
is no hope of saving her, as she is pinned
fast to the rocks. The Cowan was built by
J. E. Rus3ell at a cost of £26,000, and i 3
said to be insured for £30,000. At the pres
ent time, the crew now says, she is going
to piecesfast.
THOMPSON HAD BEEN DRINKING.
Survivors Attribute the Loss of the Janet
Cowan to Her Master's Stub
bornness.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 12.—
The story has leaked out to-night that
there was a serious disagreement during
the voyage of the British bark Janet
Cowan between Captain Thompson and
Mate Legalle, and if the words of the sur
vivors now here are to be accepted it is al
together probable the accident to the ves
sel should not have happened. Consider
able resentment toward Captain Thompson
was expressed more or less openly among
the crew when they first landed from the
vessel, but after his death it was agreed
that this feeling should be buried with
him. However, the story was given out
to-night by James Cox, a young man who
is the son of well-to-do parents at South
ampton and who came over on the Cowan
as a passenger. His statement that Cap
tain Thompson was drinking hard on the
voyage is corroborated by three members
of the crew.
Cox says, in addition, that the captain
was vindictive and obstinate and repeat
edly did, as nearly as possible, the opposite
of what the mate advised. This, he de
clares, was the cause of the loss of the ship,
for, when they were attempting to enter
the straits with a southwest wind behind
them, Thompson was advised by the mate
to stand in as close as possible to the
American shore, but, instead, he bluntly
told the mate he was master of the vessel
and knew what he was about. Cox says
this impressed him the more, because iie
knew that Mate Legalle had brought the
vessel here before, whereas it was Captair.
Thompson's first trip to these waters.
Just as they were trying to beat in two
Continued on Third Page.
LORD SALISBURY
YIELDS A POINT.
Willing to Arbitrate the
Venezuelan Boundary
Dispute.
GREAT BRITAIN'S STAND.
The Decision of a European
Power Would Satisfy
All Interests.
DECLINES CRESPO'S TEEMS.
Findings of President Cleveland's Com
mission Will Be Submitted to
Impartial Judgment.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 12.— The Daily
Nerrs will to-niorro"- say that Lord Salis
bury has refused to agree to arbitration of
the Guiana boundary dispute on the terms
proposed by Venezuela, and has also de
clined to recognize the request of the
United States to trace a boundary; but if
the American commission define what, in
their opinion, the terms should be, and if
a European power will then act as arbi
trator, all interests would be satisfied.
In an editorial to-ruorrow the Standard
will say that the communications it pub
iiahea relative to the attitude to Germany
and the Transvaal and the publication of
the papers on the Venezuelan difficulty
are all authoritative. It adds:
''I'rged by friendly public opinion in the
United States to place before the world as
■ soon as may be the British case as regards
] the case with Venezuela, the Cabinet on
j Saturday decided to respond to this ami
! cable invitation by publishing the material
documents in its possession bearing
thereon. Of far more interest to the Eng
! lish people than the problems to be faced In
South Africa or the relations of this coun
try with any other power are its relations
with the United States, and we gladly take
the opportunity of bearing testimony to
the magnanimous attitude of the Ameri
cans toward us at a moment when a com
munity less generous thought apparently
that a favorable opportunity had arisen
for adopting toward us a tone of insult, if
uot of menace.
"Instead of taking advantage of the aug
mentation of our anxieties and the tem
porary multiplication of our events, the
American people, with a spirit that does
them honor and which is appreciated by
us, have not only abstained from endeav
oring to add to our perplexities, but where
tbey did not actually offer us their sym
pathy, they have maintained an honor
able, courteous reserve. This is conduct
worthy ol them, and it has not unnatur
ally inspired the English Government
with a desire to meet our kinsfolk across
the Atlantic in a friendly spirit.
"Lord Salisbury, as we announced be
fore, has decided not to wait for the meet
ing of Parliament, but will publish as
soon as they can be got ready all the docu
ments in his possession bearing upon the
disputed boundary between British Guiana
and Venezuela.
;< As we have said, the attitude of the
people of the United States during the
past week has materially influenced the
Prime Minister's decision, just as it has
quickened the feeling of friendship enter
tained by Englishmen for those who speak
their tongue and share their literature on
the other side of the ocean. The mainten
ance of friendly relations with the United
States must always be a consideration of
the first importance for Great Britain.
We say this to the American people, with
the absolute candor of deep-seated cor
diality."
The foregoing article is leaded through
out, and is evidently inspired by the Gov
ernment.
XORJHAX'S NEW AX,
Easy Method of Settling the Anglo-
American Ditputc.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 12.— Henry
Norman, the special commissioner of the
London Daily Chronicle, cabling to bis
paper before leaving Washington to-day,
says:
"There is a simpler solution of the
present difficulty and restoration of cordial
relations between P^ngland and America
than any I have yet suggested.
"Why should not Lord Salisbury attach
to the Bering Sea arbitration treaty, which
is about to be returned to the American
Governmet, a clause providing for the
arbitration of all pending questions, and
even of all future ones? Besides Venezuela
and Canada, there are the Alaska bound
ary, the Eastern fisheries and other ques
tions causing discord. If he does this, I
am able to state that the administration
will accept with pleasure the treaty so
altered.
"This is a method of accomplishing
everything with perfect honor and dignity
to both parties.
"Lord Salisbury would be wise to ter
minate the matter before Brazil demands
arbitration of her end of the Schomburg
line, thus adding a new and difficult com
plication."
WAR XVI) BY CLETEIjAXI).
Venezuelans Must Make JVo Hostile
Itetnonstrntion Against England.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 12.—Presi
dent. Cleveland was visited yesterday by
a committee consisting of ex-President
Berasa of Venezuela, General Uslar, repre
senting the Venezuelan colonists of New
York, and Dr. A. M. Solteldo oi Washing
ton, who presented the President with a
bound copy of tne resolutions of thanks
adopted by the Venezuelan mass-meeting
held in New York on the 4th inst.
The visit to the President was of an in
formal character. Mr. Cleveland expressed
his thanks for the tokens of approval pre
sented to him, and advised his callers that
nothing short of National indignity should
lead Venezuela into any hostile demon
stration toward England. The President
also warned them against the evils of in
ternal dissension.
<iLAJJSTOXE'& VIEW U2iCHAXGE7>.
The Ex- Premier Still a Firm Believer
in Arbitration.
LONDON, Buck, Jan. 12.— Tne Daily
Chronicle, whose dispatches from Wash
ington anent the Venezuelan dispute have
attracted much attention, telegraphed yes
terday to Mr. Gladstone, who is at Biar
ritz, France, asking:
"Can you, with reference to the pending
controversies, reaffirm your agreement
with the House of Commons resolution in
favor of arbitration between the United
States and Great Britain?"
In a reply, which the Chronicle will pub
lish to-morrow, Mr. Gladstone says:
"My opinion on arbitration is un
changed, but I think that I cannot use
fully appear in a public discussion at this
moment."
CHAJUI'IOXS AMERICA.
John Dillon's Utterances Upon thn Fene-
zutlan Controversy.
DUBLIN, Ireland, Jan. 12.— John
Dillon, the well-known Irish member of
the House ol Commons, delivered a speech
in this city to-day, in which he constituted
himself a champion of the United States
in its dispute with Great Britain anent the
Guiana boundary.
Ho said that if Lord Salisbury main
tained his present lines there would be a
terrible crisis, but if it was proposed to
drag the two countries into war on grounds
appearing to be grossly unjust the Irish
party would be heard from on the floor of
the House of Commons.
KOREA'S QUEEN IS ALIVE
She Had Escaped Death When
the Attack Upon Her Castle
Was Made.
A Romance of the Seoul Court Which
Has Just Been Brought to
Publicity.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Shang
hai says: A romance equaling anything
which Rider Haggard ever wrote comes
irom Seoul, the capital of Korea, relating
to the conspiracy which broke out there
last November. The facts are known to a
few persons only, one being the King, and
all have the strongest motives for conceal
ment.
It will be remembered that on Novem
ber 28 an unsuccessful plot culminated in
an attack on the palace by a number of
Koreans belonging to the Queen's party.
The King and the Japanese, being warned
beforehand, posted extra guards and
foiled the conspirators, the object being to
seize the Ministers, expel the Japanese,
free the King from the latter's influence
and restore the Queen, who was reputed
to be dead, but who was in reality alive.
The Russian secretary of legation was
the leading spirit in the conspiracy and
was deputed to convey the Queen from her
place of hiding to the palace. The failure
of the attempt necessitated the keeping of
the secret of trie Queen being in existence,
which is now for the first time divulged.
When in October the Koreans and Ja
panese broke into the palace, the Queen,
scenting danger, had hastily, without
speaking to her women, retired in an ob
scure outhouse. She saw the bodies of her
ladies in waiting dragged to the pyre pre
pared for them outside, and watched the
completion of the tragedy from her hiding
place.
The Queen was concealed for an hour
and a half, every moment expecting dis
covery. She fled at last through a secret
passage to the old palace, and thence, after
changing her dress, made her escaDe out
side the walls of the city, where siie reached
a place of safety.
When the Japanese and Koreans exam
ined the charred bodies of the women who
had been burned, the Kin^ and some oth
ers shrewdly feigned that they had discov
ered the identity of the Queen in one of
the victims, lest a search should reveal her
whereabouts and lead to her murder. The
Japanese accepted the account ot the
Queen's death as true.
Three Koreans were strangled last week
as the Queen's murderers, while the trial
of Viscount Mura and other Japanese
officials is proceeding at Hiroshima for
the murder of a woman who still lives.
Li Han Spin, the leader of the lust abortive
plot, is in hiding here.
An American friend who came here on
the Russian cruiser Otvajny says that Rus
sia is using the supposed murder of the
Queen as a weapon against the Japanese,
although well knowing its falsity.
The Queen has been killed by rumor
twice before.
shot jtr MooxsHixens.
A Hunter Aasaaainated in the Mountain/!
of Alabama.
CHATTANOOGA, Turn., Jan 12.— A. P.
Collins, superintendent of the Tecumseh
(Ala.) Iron Company and a prominent
citizen, was assassinated Saturday. He
and his two sons went several miles from
the town on a squirrel hunt. When a
short distance from an illicit still, run by
a gang of notorious moonshiners, he was
shot.
It is supposed that the shooting wag
done to prevent the discovery of the hid
den still. The lads escaped. No arrests
have been made.
DECLARED IXTALI».
J --- ■
Judge MaxtceW a Opinion on the Xebraaku
Sugar Itounty Act.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 12. — Samuel
Maxwell, ex-Chief Justice of the Nebraska
Supreme Court, lias written an opinion
declaring the sugar bounty law passed by
the last Legislature unconstitutional, in
that a bounty for both sugar and chicory
was provided in the same bill. He also
declares that the warrants issued for the
payment of the bounty are illegal, because
they could not be legally issued, no
specific appropriation having been made
for them.
Justice Maxwell has been retained to
CZAR NICHOLAS OF RUSSIA, WHO IS READY TO JOIN EMPEROR WILLIAM
OF GERMANY IN THE CONTROVERSY WITH ENGLAND.
test the constitutionality of the law, and
action will begin this week. Many
thousands of dollars are involved in the
case, which excites much interest.
SARAH BERNHARDT S RETURN.
The French Actress Comes Back to America
in the Best of Health and
Spirits.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.— Sarah
Bernbardt arrived in this city this morn
ing on the French steamer La Champagne.
She went immediately to the Hoffman
House, where apartments had been pre
pared for her on the second floor. She be
gins her engagement at Abbey's Theater
on the 20th inst. — next Monday night.
The great French actress looks in deci
dedly better health than she did the last
time she came to this country. She also
looks a few years younger. Her rejuve
nated appearance she attributes to the
pood health that she has been enjoying of
late.
Her face is as fresh, apparently, as it
was years ago, and nothing about her in
dicates the approach of age.
She will open here in her new play,
"Yzyel, a Hindoo Story." at Abbey's
Theater January 20, and will remain four
weeks. Then she will visit other cities of
the United States.
niJSI) IX THE FZAMJES.
A. Segro Murderer Refuses to Emerge
Trom a Ifurninq Hut.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 12.— Near
Newmansville, in Alachua County, yes
terday, a posse chased Harry Jordan, a
negro, wanted for assaulting Dr. McCloud,
into an unoccupied hut. Jordan refused
to surrender and tired on the posse. The
building was then fired and the negro
perished.
Thretc Concentrated ~L\se.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 12.— Joe Mc-
Cowinski, proprietor of the new Gait House 1
restaurant, was blinded this evening by
Joe Coleman, a cook, who threw concen
trated lye in his eyes as the result of a
quarrel. McCowinski was talking to Liz- i
zie Waldron, a waitress, at the time and a
portion of the lye entered her eyes. It is
believed both will lose their sight.
— ♦ —
Turfman I'errtj Head.
New York. N. V., Jan. 12.— Homer S.
Perry, a well-known authority on horse- j
racing, died to-night of heart disease and
congestion of the lungs. Mr. Perry has
been ailing for several days. Perry for •
many years kept the stud book published i
uy Kellogg, He was 52 years of age.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RUSSIA PLEDGES
AID TO GERMANY.
Czar Nicholas in Accord
With the Emperor's
Course.
HATRED FOR ENGLAND.
Significant Answer to the Letter
Sent From the Berlin
Court.
CAN KELY ON HIS SUPPORT
Kaiser William Assured of the Assist
ance of States Friendly to
Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 12.—
The autograph letter of Emperor William
to the Czar was brought to ihis city by
Prince vor> Radolin, the German Embas
sador to Russia. The letter reviews the
general situation, especially the Transvaal
and Egyptian questions.
The Czar told Prince yon Radolin that
he entirely concurred in the views anu
aims of Emperor William, who was taking
the lead against England's arrogance, and
added that the German Emperor could
firmly rely on his support and the support
of the States friendly to Russia, namely,
France and the United States.
Prince Lobanoff Rostovski, Russian Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, who was present
at the interview between the Czar and
Prince yon Radolin, commended an anti-
English policy.
AMEiticANs rv pursojy.
iT. S. Curtis Among the Conspirators
Arrested at Johannesburg.
PRETORIA, Transvaal, Jan. 12.—
Among the persons arrested at Johannes
f jaUhi xv whose system is in a
\*" m^w^ Inl state °f disorder?
V \^jn •111 Headache is only a
\ WjnUnl/ IMi symptom. It is not a
\ \Sw*y I disease. The pain in
\ \k 1 IN' the head is the sign of
MBjß lJ rebellion. There hare
Jtxjr \si been mistakes in diet.
*"^ . There has been over-
work and sleepless nights. The machinery
of the whole system is demoralized. A
business man feels that he cannot afford to
be ill enough to quit work. He drags along
day after day, makes bad deals, says the
wrong thing, and health and business col-
lapse together. There's no need of either
disaster. Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are
a gentle, effective renovator of both stom-
ach and bowels. They assist nature with-
out threatening to tear the body piece-meal.
There are no griping pains, no nausea.
One is a barely perceptible laxative. Two
give more noticable results, and they may
be continued until the system is throughly
renovated, strengthened, and put into har-
mony with nature. One need not tear a
"habit" of taking the "Pleasant Pellets."
As soon as health is restored they may be
discarded without a return of illness be-
cause of their absence. Therefore, yoa
don't become a slave to their use.
A GREAT BOOK FREE.
When Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N. V., pnb.
lished the first edition of his work. The People
Common Sense Medical Adviser, he announced
that after 680,000 copies had been sold at the ree-
ular price, $1.50 per copy, the profit on which
would repay him for the great amount of labor
and money expended in producing it, he would
distribute the next half million free. As this
number of copies has already been sold, he is
now distributing, absolutely free, 500,000 copies of
this most complete, interesting and valuable
common sense medical work ever published—
the recipient only 1 einpr required to mail to him,
at the above address, twenty-one (21) cents in one-
cent stamps to cov< cost of mailing only and the
book will be sent post-paid. It is a veritable med-
ical library, complete in one volume. It contain*
over 1000 pages and more than 300 illustrations.
The Fret Edition is precisely the same as thos«
■old at $1.30 except only that the books are bound
in stronsr manilla paper covers instead of doth,
6end now before all are given awajr.2
burg are J. S. Curtis, an American engin
eer, and several other Americans whose
names are not given in the dispatches
from there.
The Government has obtained a tem
porary interdict against the transfer of
bank balances and real property.
Sixty members of the reform committee
at Johannesburg are now under arrest. It
is believed that only rive ringleaders will
be detained.
LESS WARLIKE IN TONE.
London Papers Profess to See No Ulterior
Motive in the Kaiser's
Message.
LONDON, ESQ., Jan. 12.— The Standard
will to-morrow say it is in a position to
state that President Kruger has made no
demand fur a change in the existing stii>
■n of the treaty between the South
African republic and Great Britain.
The Standard will also state: "It is now
explained from Berlin that the Emperor's
message to President Kruger, instead of
indicating a new departure in German
gn policy, was at the most an expres
sion of momentary irritation, which we
are authorized to declare has passed away,
leaving the relations between Germany
and Great Britain as friendly as hereto
fore."
Work was carried on ail day to-day at
the Plymouth and Devenport ordnance
yards, the men being engaged in complet
ing the supply of tiitils for the use of the
dyinu squadron.
The Daily News will to-morrow com
mend Great Britain for seeking the friend
ship of France and Russia. It blames
Lout Salisbury for hitherto always oDlig-
Germany and getting nothing in
return.
EteejS, Prime Minister of New
Sout:. t the following cable
dispatch to Lord Salisbury: "The Govern
ment* of Australia and Tasmania view
with satisfaction the prompt and fearless
measures adopted by her Majesty's Gov
ernment in defense uf the integrity of the
empire. We desire iv convey the united
assurance of united support. The ;
of Australia are in full sympathy with the
determination of the mother country to
resent foreign interference in matters of
Britisn and colonial concern.
"Signed ii> behalf of and at the request
Governments of New South Wales,
Vicuna, Boul i Australia, Queensland,
Tasmania and Western Australia.
"G. ii. !:
The Standard will to-morrow publish a
dispatch from Johannesburg saying that
the transfer of ali registered property lias
been suspended, the confiscation of the
property belonging to persons convicted of
sedit: a maxim of Roman-Dutch
law.
HAMMOND'S FRIENDS ACTIVE.
Prominent Statesmen Working for the Ca/i-
fornian's Release — The Covern-
merit Will Act.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 12.—Sena
tors Perkins and White will call upon the
Secretary of Mate to-morrow and lay be
fore him the case of ■•Jack' Hammond,
the California mining engineer, who has
been arrested by President Kruger of the
Transvaal Republic. The Senators have
not yet received any particulars, beyond
i cable dispatch of yesterday
i brief teleerani from Hammond's
friends in San Francisco. They will, how
ever, ■ ik that the rights of Hammond, as
an American citizen, be protected, and if
he has been wrongfully imprisoned de
mand his release.
Assistant Attorney-General "\\ hitney,
nn old schoolmate of Mr. Hammond, will
also interest himself in his friend's behalf,
and having been associated intimately
with Mr. Olney when the latter was Attor
ney-General, he expects to enlist Secre
tary Olney'a earnest efforts for Ham
mond's release.
ries TrunweH of New York, another
of Ur. Hammond's friends, is also here to
John lla ys Hammond.
do what he can. He will accompany Sen
ators Perkins am White and Assistant
Attorney-General Whitney to the State
Department to-morrow.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 12.— A Herald
ppecial from "Washington says: The ma
chinery of the State Department will be
put in operation to-morrow in behalf of
John Hays Hammond, an American, un
der arrest in the Transvaal by order of
President Krueger.
Secretary Olney was informed to-day of
Hammond's trouble, and has announced
that he will wire our Consul at Johannes
burg to make an investigation and to pro
test against any action by the Transvaal
authorities until the case had been thor
oughly looked into by the American rep
resentative. Mr. Olney has appointed an
hour to-morrow when he will talk to Spu
ators Percin:- mil "White of Uhlifonia con
cerning their constituent's difficulty.
ITALY IS REASSURED.
Germany's Quarrel With Great Britain Not
Intended to Affect the Triple
Al/iar.ce.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 12.— 1n view of
the fact that the future of Germany's rela
tions with England is involved in doubt,
Chancellor Prince yon Hohenlohe has sent
assuring communications to the Govern
ments at Vienna and Rome, pointing out
that any diplomatic action which mieht
be taken by the Berlin Government would
not involve either the triple alliance or
the individual interests of Austria or Italy.
It ia understood that the Chancellor's
communication expressed entirely pacific
intentions on the part of Germany
toward England, and also a belief that "a
good mutual understanding between Ger
many and Great Britain would be restored
at an early aay.
It is known that the Italian Govern
ment, fearing that the agreement with
Lord Salisbury for the co-operation of the
Italian and British squadrons in the event
of certain contingencies in the Mediter
rean nught be disturbed by a rupture be
tween England and Germany, has asked
certain explanations from Germany, and
it ia probable also that Austria has wanted
to know how the Emperor viewed Eng
land's warlike demonstrations.
In these chcumstances Prince Hohen
lohe, having nothing to conceal, could
reply frankly that the whole matter was a
question between Germany and England
alone, and it is not deemed possible that
the Chancellor could have given such
assurances while German diplomacy was
seeking to form a coalition of European
powers against England. The story of the
attempt to form a European coalition
originated in England, and ought now to
be knocked in the head.
Germany has not sought nor does she
seek any active allies in her endeavor to
check English encroachments in the
Transvaal endangering Germans and Ger
man investments there and in Delagoa
Bay. It is not a question that ought to
disturb the peace of Europe or to cause
any European power to intervene, except
those concerned in the recent Hinterland
conventions.
The Government nere has not sug
gested any European conference, but the
envoy of the Transvaal Republic, Dr.
Beerlaerts yon Blokland, while in Berlin,
spoke of such a conference as among pos
sible expedients.
The Boer Envoy has been in Paris con
sulting with the French Government in
regard to the situation In th« Transvaal,
and if tne troubles there become more ag
gravated and England refuses the Boers a
just settlement, the result will be that the
Transvaal Government will make an ap
peal for a conference of the power? to dis
pose of the whole matter, but there is no
reason why Germany or France should
insist upon such a conference.
This is the semi-official view of the situ
ation, but it obviously omits from calcula
tion the results of England's rejecting the
offices of a conference, and also England's j
rejecting and declining to accept the view
taken by the Berlin Government that the
allied powers composing the Dreibund
could not be affected, or that diplomatic
hostilities could and should be limited to
fixed areas.
It is significant, too, to find Prince Bis
marck, who is no friend to English pre
tensions, warning the Berlin Government
through the Hamburger Nachrichten
against making external and internal
peace by the adoption of a policy of ad
venturous intervention. The Nachrichten
describes the task of the German Govern
ment as that of walking at a creat height
upon a tightrope.
The operations on the Bourse during the
past week show that considerable atten
tion has been directed to the excitement
prevailing in England with a view of tak
ing every advantage of it, and the conse
quence has been that orders have been
quietly made to buy on any marked de
i cline in London. The operations of the
week have also disclosed a strong reliance
j in Berlin and Frsnkfort financial circles
upon the maintenance of peace.
Imperial loans, Prussian consols and
some bank stocks have declined, but the
decline is not sufficiently heavy to indi
cate that there is any fear that tte country
is on the eve of v.ar.
The Vossische Zeitnng and the Lokal
Anzeiger are the only Berlin papers which
make any reference in their special London
dispatches to the London Telegraph story
of. an exchange of letters between Queen
Victoria and Emperor William in regard
to Germany's attitude in the Transvaal
disturbances. The story is generally dis- ,
credited.
The Hamburg Correspondenz rea^s -rts
that British suzerainty over the Transvaal
cannot be admitted, inasmuch as it ceased
in LBB4.
Kiiravß urges peace.
Reforms Desired bit the Uitlandera of
Johannesburg Will lie Granted.
PRETORIA, Traxsvaal, Jan. 12.— The \
rank and tile of the Jameson expedition !
who were captured by the Boers and
brought to this place have started for the
Natal border. The oilicers of the expedi
tion are expected to follow-shortly.
The customs officials have opened a \
large safe that was consigned to Farrar, '
one of the leaders in the Rand who was
arrested, and found that it contained 100
revolvers and 7000 rounds of cartridges.
President Krueger has issued a proclama
tion to the people of the Rand saying he be
lieves they have been deceived by a small
number of designing men outside of the
country. He urges the Rand residents to
co-operate with the Government to make
the republic a country where all nationali
ties can live fraternally together. He
promises that Johannesburg shall have a
Mayor and a municipal council, and con
cludes:
"Let the inhabitants of Johannesburg
make it possible for the Government to ap
pear befor« the Volksraad with the words,
i 'Forget and forgive.' "
krveger>s rosjrioy.
I^iitjt'itiri's Suzerainty Over the Trans
vaal Was 3crer Acknowledged.
HAMBURG, Germany, Jan. 12. — The
Ilamburgerische Correspondenz publishes
a senii-orticial dispatch from Berlin stating
that the conditions the Transvaal Govern
ment wishes to impose for the invasion of
its territory is the payment of an in
demnity of £1,000,000. The abolition
of British suzerainty is not an issue, for
the Transvaal has not recognized that
suzerainty since 18S4. The alleged demand
for the abolition of England's rights at!
Delagoa Bay is untrue.
CECIL, RHOIiES SPEAKS.
J Declares That His I'oliUeal .Career Is
y<tt Jet at an Hud.
KIMBERLEY, South Afeica, Jan. 12.—
\ The Kight Hon. Cecil Rhodes, formerly
] Prime Minister of Cape Colony, arrived
I here to-day and was cordially received, j
; In a speech expressing his thanks for his I
reception he said that his political career
was not at an end. It vras only beginning.
He firmly believed that, encouraged by his
: friends, he would live to do much good
work in be haifof the country.
LEAVES FOR I) EL AGO A. It. IT.
Bear-Admiral Raimon Sails in His
Flagship From Cape Town.
CAPE TOWN, Cape Coi.oxt, Jan. 12.—
Rear-Admiral Harry H. Ilawson, com
manding the Cape and West African
squadron, who was recently ordered to
take his flagship, the St. George, to Dela
goa Bay, arrived here to-day and at once
proceeded to that piace.
The trt. George is a twin-screw cruiser «f
the first class. fc!he mounts twelve guns.
CAUFORNIANS IN AFRICA.
Many of Them Are Drawing Down Princely
Salaries and Piling Up Big
Fortunes.
Up to a late hour last night Major R. P.
Hammond had received no further news
from Africa about the arrest of his brother
by order of President Kruger. Frederick
Hellmann, a civil engineer well known in
San Francisco and on the Comsiock, went
to South Africa last July. He was men
tioned in the press dispatches recently as
among the prominent Americans in Jo
hannesburg. Last Saturday he cabled the
following message to his father in this
City :
"Well. The rebellion quelled."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1896
The news of the arrest of Hammond and
others will cause anxiety in many a home
in California. Most of the big mining men
in Africa are from this State.
The iirst place the English capitalists
turned to for miners when they needed
men to open their mines was naturally
California, where mining had been carried
on on a larger scale and with better ap
pliances than in any other part of the
world. Then, too, Hamilton Smith, who
was the mining engineer for the Koth
schilds, did much to bring California into
good repute. It is so now that big syndi
cates in London accept the reports of some
of the leading California engineers, such
as Louis Janin, A. J. Bowie, Ross Browne
and others, as bankers would paper with
the signatures of money kings.
There are under Hammond alone seven
teen California miners as superintendents
of mines, drawing salaries that aggregate
nearly a quarter of a million. Harry
Webb, Harry Dahin, Victor N. Clement
and Ed Garthwaite draw from $10,000 to
$25,000 a year. But then they have oppor
tunities to make money outside of that,
and word comes here every once in awhile
of their big strikes. Besides these, many
others have gone over to fill minor posi
tions, as assayers, foremen, timbermen
and millmen. In all they must be draw
ing in salaries nearly half a million dollars.
Barnato Brothers and the other big com
panies have been steadily drawing for
three years from this State the best min
ing talent.
Hamilton Smith, who was long in
I charge of the N irth Bloomfield, the largest
hydraulic mines in the State, drifted over
j to London about the time of the debris
j troubles and soon became consulting min
| ing engineer for the Rothschiicis. He has
: lately organized a big exploration syndi
i cate there and has made over a million.
| One of the men under him at North
| Bloom field was Perkins, who was about
i ten years ago in Venezuela in charge of
mines for a London company. He went
to Africa just after the boom started, and
has made a fortune outside of his princely
salary.
Gardiner Williams was one of the first
California miners to goto Africa. About
eighteen yerrs ago Baron Grant, who was
then pushing some big schemes that later
turned out fail urea and made him noto
rious, sent out here for a manatrer and
j assistants fora big eravel mining prop
: erty. His representative chose Gardiner
j Williams (offering him $18,000 a year) and
I about half a dozen hydraulic miners ami
; sent them on. At the same time a lot of
; hydraulic irachines was purchased and
forwarded, but when the C'alifornians got
j over Grant lad gone to smash. "Williams,
j however, so^n showed what he could do
I and it was not long before he was in
'■ charge of the De Beers diamond mines,
! the largest in the world, a position he still
'■■ nolds on a princely salary.
The report received yesterday that Henry
j Ashe Tilghman of this City had been ar-
I rested with Hammond and others caused
; much anxiety to the young man's friends
', in this City, as well as to the relatives of
■ his young bride, a daughter of Captain
\V. L. Merry, to whom he was united in
Johannesburg recently, and a number of
I messages were cabled to the Transvaal
: metropolis for further information and
asking whether any assistance could be
' rendered him.
"Etal" Tilghman, as he was generally
called, was well known in San Francisco
I and in Stockton, where he was born. Hir.
father was secretary of the State Board of
! Harbor Commissioners for several years
! previous to his death, and the young man
i was an only son. After his father's death
young Tiighman, who was then an un
usually bright young fellow, was sent to a
, celebrated military academy in Virginia,
j wiience he graduated irith honors. Later,
having shown an aptitude for engineering,
he was sent to Columbia College, and
graduated from the mining engineering
class of that inst ; tution.
Previous to returning to his home in
j California he obtained a position in the
] Mining Bureau at the World's Fair and
I was in charge of certain of the exhibits
there.
Younp Tilghman is a cousin of John IT.
; Hammond, and was invited to go to South
I Africa with ttie well-known engineer, the
■ latter believing that with his talent and
| education he would soon find an opening
in his profession.
After his return from the East Mr.
; Tilghman formed an attachment for Miss
i Alice Tenison Merry, daughter of Captain
Merry, and as his affection was recipro-
c ated an engagement soon followed.
Though both his mother and the family
i of his fiancee looked with favor on the
■. match it was deemed advisable, on ac
| count of the youth of the parties and the
j unsettled condition of Tilghman's busi
! ness prospects, to defer the marriage until
! he had established himself firmly in a po
| sition where he would be able to care for a
wife.
His engagement with Hammond when
he left San Francisco two years ago called
for a salary of $00 a month, but he had not
been long in South Africa before his thor
ough understanding of mining engineer
ing and assaying made him conspicuous
and he was offered a position with 3ar
nato Bros., the Kaffir kings, at a hand
some salary. He accepted and from that
on his advance was rapid. A few months
ago his salary was raised to $1000 per
i month and he decided that it was time he
should be united to Miss Merry.
As he could not well leave bis business
she consented to accompany his mother,
who was going to join her son, and be mar
ried lar from home. Mrs. Tilghman and
Miss Merry were accompanied to New
York by several members of the pros
pective bride's family, who bade them
good-by when they took the steamer for
Liverpool.
Mrs. Tiljrliman and Miss Merry arrived
in .Tohannesb urg in the latter part of No
vember last and the young couple were
married on December 3.
The letter announcing the marriage was
the last word received by the mother of
the bride from her daughter, and every
effort is being made to confirm or disprove
the alarming news of Tilghman's arrest.
The relatives and friends of the newly
married couple are inclined to believe that
there is some mistake in the report of
Tilghman's arrest, or that if he has been
taken into custody it was through some
misunderstanding, and that he will speed
ily be released.
They point to the fact that he was not in
ex- Premier Cecil Rhodes' employ, that he
is but '16 years of age, and that he would
hardly have engaged in plots against the
Government with the bride of a month
and his mother to occupy his care and at
tention.
FRANCE IS J-'OR I'EACE.
I'ritue Miniater liouraeoia Tourliex
l>n the I'resent Crinia.
PARIS, France, Jan. 12.— Prime Minis
ter Bourgeois attended a banquet at Lyons
this evening, and delivered a speech, in the
coarse of which he said changes at home
never rendered France's policy abroad in
the least degree uncertain. The whole
policy of France could be summed up in
the declaration that f he was for the main
tenance of peace and development of jus
tice. France would maintain peace, not
only for herself, but she has recently been
helping to maintain it for all in the inter
ests of civilization.
A FEUD OF ROYALTY
German Society Agog Over
the Quarrel at
Court.
KAISER AGAINST PRINCE
Frederick Leopold Is Smarting
Under the Treatment of
William.
CAUSE OF HIS IMPEISONMENT.
It Is Charged That His Cruelty Caused
the Princess to Attempt
Suicide.
BERLIN, Geemant, Jan. 12. — The
quarrel between the Kaiser and Prince
Frederick Leopold of Prussia, husband of
the Empress' sister, over the Prince's harsh
treatment of his wife after her recent acci
dent in breaking through the ice while
skating near Glenicke Castle, Potsdam, is
still the absorbing topic of discussion in
society.
The Prince's period of nrrest and con
finement in a room in the castle is over,
but the feud between him and tke Empe
ror is not terminated by any means.
Prince Frederick Leopold has not yet re
sumed his military service, and it is now
recalled how the Emperor publicly re
buked him for mistakes be made in the
military maneuvers around Bornstedt.
The origin of the present row between
the two dates back to the time when the
Princess, who was on the eve of accouche
ment, attended a state ball, and danced
throughout the function. The Empress,
the Princess' sister, protested, and got
snubbed for her pain?. Tne Emperor then
told the Princess' lady in waiting that the
Princess ought not to dance and bade her
tell her mistress what he had said. This
resulted in a coolness between the sisters,
the Princess avoiding the Empress when
ever she could.
When the Princess broke through the
ice while skating on Glenicke Lake, and
came near drowning, the Empress called
at Glenicke Castle to inquire as to her con
dition, and the Princess refused to receive
her. The Empress nevertheless remained
at the castle and sent for the Emperor.
The Emperor on receiving the summons
at once rode from the New Palace to Glen
icke Castle, and a furious quarrel ensued
between the Kaiser and the Prince, who
fiercely resented the Emperor's interfer
ence in his private family affairs. During
the period of the Prince's confinement in
the fortress of the castle, which lasted two
weeks, guards with loaded rifles were
piaced before every entrance to the castle
and all lights were ordered extinguished
at 8 o'clock in the evening.
Socialistic malice has seized the occa
sion to circulate the very worst rumors
concerniiiL' the quarrel. The Vorwaerts,
the principal Socialist, organ, is the most
conspicuous offender in this respect, and
reproduces the report that the Princess,
when she was rescued from the icy waters
in the lake, had no skates, nor did her
companion, the Baroness Colmar, her lady
in waiting, have any.
The only inference to be drawn from
this fact, the Vorwaerts declare?, is that
the breaking through the ice was not an
accident, but a deli Derate attempt on the
part of the Princess to commit suicide, be
cause of the brutal treatment to which she
was constantly subjected by her husband.
It is understood that Prince Frederick
Leopold will resign from the army and
henceforth live in privacy.
United States Embas&ador Runyon at
tended the funeral of Prince Alexander of
Prussia, which took place last Thursday.
The dance given by Charles de Kay, the
United States Consul-General here, at his
private residence, on January t>, was at
tended by all the embassy and consular
officials except Ambassador Kunyon, who
jemained at home with his family, prior
to his going to England.
Poultney Bigelow left Berlin on Friday
on his return to New York. His mission,
which was to obtain the readmission of the
New York Life and Mutual Life Insurance
companies into Prussia under the old con
ditions, has been a complete failure. Con
trary to his expectations, the Emperor did
nut receive him The Berlin papers say he
spoiled his relations with the Kaiser by
mixing up a commercial enterprise with
the imperial name.
The great court reception which was to
have taken place this week lias been post
poned until January 29, and the court ball,
which was to have occurred on January
22, has been abandoned owing to the death
of Prince Alexander and the consequent
period of court mourning.
The wife of the absconding lawyer Fritz
Freidmann is about to utilize the sensa
tion caused by her husband's disappear
ance with another woman and a large sum
of other people's money, by appearing as
a singer in the Berlin Theatre Varietes.
The trial of the American trotting-horse
owner. Robert T. Kneebs, upon the charge
of entering the mare Bethel under the
name of Nellie Kneebs and starting her in
races on German tracks, opened here yes
terday. Three American witnesses from
Wakerield testified on behalf of Kneebs
that the Nellie Kneebs produced before
the court was not Bethel, each one declar
ing that a few weeks ago he saw Bethel at
Waketield.
Great interest is taken in the trial in
sporting circles. The trial was adjourned
until Monday.
Mrs. Hoskins, daughter of United States
Embassador Runyon, has completed anew
society novel entitled "Richard Forrest."
The work will appear as a serial in Ameri
can papers and a German translation of
the story will be published here.
United States Consul-General de Kay
has finished a poem entitled "Nimrod's
Vision,'' the first of which lias already
been published. A German translation of
the poem is being prepared.
Sienis & Halske, the great electrical firm
of Berlin, have obtained a concession to
exploit the water falls of San Simon at
Tenancingo for the purpose of producing
electrical puwer in the City of Mexico.
The power will be transmitted thirty miles.
BVRXEI) TO THE WATER'S EDGE.
The Fast Ohio River Stranier Royal lie-
»troyed by Fire,
EVANSVILLE, Ind., Jan. 12.— The
sternwheel steamer Royal, the fastest boat
on the Ohio below Cincinnati, caught lire
and burned to tue water's edge this even
ing at 7:30 o'clock. The boat had just tied
up at Tardy's Landing, a mile above this
city, after Laving made three round trips
during the day to Henderson in place of
the regular packet Jewel. The fire origi
nated in a stateroom in the ladies' cabin.
The Royal was a full-rigged steamer, 160
feet long and 20 feet beam, with two cabiii3
and a texas. She was five years old and
cost $21,000 new. She was neavily insured.
The crew escaped without injury.
RACE WAR FEARED.
It'/i ites and Xeyroes May Clash Over an
Oklahoma Scnool Question.
PERRY, O. 1., Jan 12.— Conservative
people of this clace fear trouble to-morrow
between the whfte and black races. Ac
cording to the dei-ision of the court, schools
were opened for the admission of pupils of
any race or color. The fight has been
going on for three months. The school
board voted a few days ago to suspend
schools, but the. colored people sued out a
writ of mandamus compelling the board
to open them arain. This was supported
by people who pie ferred mixed schools to
none, so the board wa3 compelled to re
consider its action, and to-morrow the
public schools oi the city will contain both
whites and blacks.
Several white -nen declare they will keep
their children from school, nor will they
send them when colored children attend.
Colored people are iirru and trouble is
expected.
-■ •
JIECEIFII FATAZ li V lt XS.
Fate of Three Tioys JF/io Were Experi
menting at Safe- Cracking.
PHILADELI r UA, Fa., Jan. 12.— Three
boys whom the police believed to be ama
teur burglars v;:re so badly burned by an
explosion at tlj'-eir home, 2562 Leithgow
street, this aftirnoon, that they cannot
live.
The boys werf David, aged 19, William,
aged 17, and Ooorge McKisson, aged 7,
brothers. The\ were in the house alone at
the time the < xplosion took place, and
they refuse to g'.Ve any details of the acci
dent. •
The exulosioi:: completely shattered the
house and badl\;daniaged the two adjoin
ing dwellings. ■
It was undc lbtedly caused by gun
powder, as the sulphurous fumes of that
explosive tilled J'he building. A fuse was
found, and amiisg the debris was a toy
barjk: with the d^or biuwn off.
The police be'ieve that the boys were
experimenting >-pon this little safe when
the accident occurred.
CREMATED IN HIS HOME
Fate of a Cleveland Man Who
Tried to Save Clothing
From Destruction.
Overcome by Smoke After He Had
Passed the Door of His
Burning Dwelling.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. 12.— Fire broke
out in the house of Patrick Mangan, at 56
Old River street, early this morning.
Mailman, his wife and little daughter were
in bed at the time. Awakened by the
crackling wood, Mangan heroically res
cued che two lßinales, who were entirely
overcome by the smoke. Then he re
entered the lio :-e in an attempt to obtain
his clothing.
The effort wa~. fatal. Overcome by the
smoke, he fell unconscious a few feet in
side the door, where lie became an easy
victim of the flames.
The tire communicated to the two ad
joining dwellings, and the occupants were
rescued with difficulty by the firemen.
The houses are situated in a thickly built
up district, and for a time a serious con
i!:ij:r;Uion was threatened. All three
dwellings were destroyed. The loss
amounts to about $5000.
Mangan's body was found later— a
charred, unrecognizable mass. He was 31
years of age, and was employed on the ore
docks.
rOR BETTER MORALITY.
rroj)osed J.awi to Jirgulate Crimes
A^inong Children.
LINCOLN, Aebr., Jan. 12.— President
Alexander Hoagland of the Boys' and
Girls' National Home and Employment
Association has by resolution of the Na
tional Board forwarded to the Governors
of the following ten States where Legisla
tures convene this winter the five laws
regulating crimes among youth : Georgia,
Alabama, lowa, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maryland, Mississippi, Ohio, Vtah and
Vermont. The bill encompassing these
laws calls for no appropriation, and can be
carried out by officials already in office. It
includes the following sections:
First— The restoration to their homes of all
truant and tramping youths found in any oi
the cities, towns ana villages of each State.
Second— The opening ol free county intelli
gence offices in the oflice of the County Clerk
in each county.
Third— Protection of children in the homes
of dissipated and immoral parents.
■ Fourth— lmprisoning of all youths apart
from old criminals.
Fifth— Providing for boys and girls and minor
children in all cities, towns and villages being
at their homes after nightfall.
MURDERED J\ A HATHROOM.
Trivial Quarrel Itetween Tieo Toting Men
Leads to a Killing.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Jan. 12.—Al
bert Johnson, a motorroan on the Consoli
dated Sireet Railway, was murdered by J.
li. H. Holmes in their boarding-house, 35S
Ottawa street, at 11:30 this rooming.
Wnen they met in the washroom John
son began bantering Holmes and ran his
cold hands down Holmes 1 back. A fight
ensued, in which Johnson pounded
Holmes, blacking his eyes and cutting his
head. Holmes got away from him and
went upstairs, got his revolver and re
entering the washroom began tiring at
Johnson.
Five sbots were hred, only one taking
effect. It entered the left side near the
heart and lodged under the right nipple
Johnson staggered from the washroom to
the dining-room and fell dead. Holmes
gave himself up.
The murderer is a son of ex-Postmaster
Holmes of Grand Ledge, Mich., and a
graduate of the University of Michigan
class, '93. '
FIRE RAGES FOR HOURS.
A Slock of Business Houses in a Xcbraska
Town Destroyed.
CHADRON, Nebr., Jan. 12.— Fire de
stroyed a block of business houses in Craw
ford early this morning. Only meager in
formation has been received here, but it is
learned that the State Bank, a drug store
two large general stores, tne Gazette office!
a shoe store and a barber-shop were totally
consumed.
The tire started at 4 o'clock this morning
and raged for three hours. The loss is es
timated to be $50,000. The insurance is
not large.
Killed in a Wreck.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 12.— The engine
of a passenger train on the Louisville,
Kvansvilie and St. .Louis Consolidated
Railway jumped the track near Hunting
burg, Ind., this evening. Fireman Busch
was killed, but nobody was injured.
J.ota of a Fine Residence.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 12.— The beau
tiful residence of ex-Mayor C. C. Burr, one
of the best in the city, wag badly damaged
by tire this evening and the furnishings
ruined. The loss is $20,000, fully insured.
RECORD OF HORRORS.
Figures That Reveal the
Terrible Work in
Armenia.
THE HARPOOT MASSACRE.
Nearly Sixteen Thousand Persons
Are Known to Have Been
Slain.
SCORES OF TOWNS DESTROYED.
Embassador Cambon Gives 50,000 as the
Total Number of Murders in
Anatolia.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 12.— The Constan
tinople representative of The United Press,
telegraphing under date of yesterday, says
that more complete tables of the persons
killed and property destroyed in the prov
inces of Harpoot and DiarbeKir show that
176 towns and villages, containing 8050
Armenian houses, were burned. The Ar
menians in these towns and villages num
bered 92,000, and of these 15,8413 were
killed. This excludes the uncertain re
ports of killings.
M. Cambon, the French Embassador,
estimates the total number of Armenians
killed in Anatolia at 50,000.
It is stated that the French Government,
through the influence of Munir Bey, the
Turkish Erabassador, will agree to surren
der to the Sultan the Turkish subjects in
France who are wanted by the Porte.
Baron yon Calice, the Austrian Embas
sador, and Baron yon Saurma-Jeltsch, the
German Embassador, had private audi
ences with the Sultan on Friday. The
Government is trying to force the resigna
tion of the Armenian Patriarch, and is
corrrpelling Armenians to sign papers ex
pressing dissatisfaction with him.
The new consuls for interior points have
not left Aleppo yet.
PETITION QVEEX VICTORIA.
England's liuler Asked, to Cheek the
Atrocities in Armenia.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 12.— A citizens'
meeting to express sympathy for "suffer
ing Armenia" was held in the Central
Methodist Episcopal Church here this aft
ernoon. The church was crowded. Gen
eral 11. A. Alger presided.
Letters were read from Hon. Chauncpy
M. Depew, Right Rev. Bishop John S.
Foley and Hon. Don M. Dickinson. Stir
ring addresses were delivered by General
Alger, Bishop W. X. Ninde, Rev. D. I>.
MacLaurin, Rev. W. H. Davis, Rev. Wil
liam Prall, Rev. John Reid and Herant M.
Kiertchjian of New York, general secre
tary of the Armenian Relief Association.
Resolutions were adopted petitioning the
Government at Washington to bring to
bear upon the Christian powers of Europe
all possible moral influence to end the
Turkish atrocities.
A cablegram was also sent to her Ma
jesty, Queen Victoria, from the meeting,
appealing to her to use her great power
without further delay to stop the slaughter
of the Armenians, and suggesting that, if
circumstances beyond her control prohibit
such action on her part, the European
powers jointly invite the United States or
some other Christian power to intervene
to end this outrage on humanity and
modern civilization.
A collection of $500 was taken up and a
committee appointed to receive subscrip
tions.
ANTICIPATE A'O TROUBLE.
Lite Sultan A'ot TAkely to Inter/ere With
Jtelief Expeditions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 12.-G. H.
Pullman, the financial secretary of the
Red Cross Society, does not anticipate
that the officials of that order in their
work of ministering to the distressed and
starving people of Asia Minor will meet
with the slightest obstacle from the Turk
ish Government, as has been suggested in
some quarters.
"The American relief on reaching Con
stantinople," Baid he, "will probably go
direct to Harpoot. which is to be the dis
tributing Doint for the Harpoot district.
Of the fifteen selected members embraced
in the American relief Miss Barton will
probably choose three women. Though
January 22 has been set as the date of de
parture from New York, it is possible that
the officers of the society will not sail until
three days later, and will remain in Asia
Minor until July next."
X WOn UCK T'S TAXGLE.
Speaker Ulanfovd. J-'ails to Arrange for
Selecting Wilson's Successor.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 12.— A new
feature is added to the Senatorial muddle
to-night by the failure of Speaker Blanford
to promulgate his writ for a special elec
tion to lill the vacancy caused by the
death of Representative Wilson, of Nelson
County, which occurred Friday. It was
stated positively last night that he had
made out his proclamation calling an elec
tion January 21, but the Speaker said to
night he had not had time to examine the
law and did not know when he would have
it held.
• # The Democrats of course express great
indignation, as Mr. Wilson's successor
cannot be named in time to vote for
Senator unless the writ is promulgated to
morrow. As the election of a Senator
hinges on this vote, much interest is being
taken in it. Nelson County has a normal
Democratic majority of over 800, so the
Republicans will make no special effort to
elect his successor.
BOSO ISSUE COXDEMXEIt.
X'ebraika /■><•« Siltrritea Adopt litsoUi
tiona of I'rotrat.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 12.— At the free
silver mass-meeting last night ex-Con- !
gressman Bryan introduced ttie following
resolution against the proposed bond issue,
which was adopted:
Resolved, That we, the citizens of Lincoln,
Nebr., irrespective of party, in mass-meeting
assembled, earnestly protest aEain<«t the issue
oi bonds to buy gold, and heaitily approve of
the bill recently reported to the Senate by the
Finance Committee, providing for ibe free
and unlimited coinage of silver at 16 to 1, for
the coining of the seigniorage, and directing
the Secretary of the Treasury to exercise the
right vested In him by redeeming greenbacks
and Treasury notes in silver.
lOWA?S LEOISZiA-TURE.
Code lierision the Most Important Mat
ter to Come Up,
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 12-— The two
houses of the Legislature meet to-morrow
morning to perfect their organizations,
and will then adjourn till Tuesday, when
Senator Allison will be re-elected. This
evening the leading members of both
houses met and discussed informally the
question of how to handle the code revi
sion. The result was an agreement which
will be formulated into resolutions to
morrow morning for a joint conference of
members of both houses at the capitol to
morrow evening to discuss the matter.
The code revision is the most important
matter that will come before the session,
and there are two plans for handling it.
One is to have each house name a large
committee, to which the entire code shall
be referred, to be distributed among sub
committees for careful consideration; re
ported back to the general committee and
from this to the House. The other is to
have the code referred by titles to the ap
propriate standing committees and let
these make the investigation, reporting
directly back to the House. Each plan
has strong advocates and the discussion
will be an important one.
coy vr.yri ox a o omers.
Four Cities Racing to Secure the Oemo~
crntic Gathering.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 12.—Wash
ington is airain tilling up with convention
boomers. Four cities are actively at work —
Chicago, St. Louis, Cincinnati and New
\ork. The contest seems to be between
the latter cities.
The interview with Colonel Dick Bright
in TheCai.l, republished in Washington,
has made the Chicago people very wrathy
toward him. and they may try to defeat
i-ulonel Bright for sergeant-at-arms of the
convention. Mr. Bright is not a candi
date, however, and will make no fight for
it, and will only accept if it is tendered to
him.
Opinion is about evenly divided as to
whether Cincinnati or New York will win.
Many Dptnucratic leaders, including Har
rity, Whitney and Lamont, favor New
York, but the Westerners are strongly
opposed to the metropolis and will vote
for Cincinnati and some of them for St.
Louis.
The only exceptions among the Western
er- who have arrived is Colonel Merritt <.f
I'tah, who will cast a complimentary vote
for San Francisco and then support New
York, and Colonel William It. Morrison of
Illinois who is also understood to favor
New York if Chicago can't win. Secretary
Sheerin is understood to be for Cincinnati.
The committee will meet on Thursday.
SILVER MEN STAND FIRM.
The Free-Coinage Substitute for
the Bond Bill Will Pass
the Senate.
Both Factions Disposed to Bring the
Question to a Vote Without
Delay.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 12.— The de
bate in the Senate this week will be very
much like the debate during the extra ses
sion, when Congress was convened for tie
purpose of repealing the purchasing clau.-«
of the Sherman act. The silver substitute
to the House bond bill is now the unfin
ished business, and will be called up any
day at the conclusion of the morning hour.
No one has «?iven notice of the intention to
speak during the week, but the subject is
fruitful in debate and a number of speeches
will be delivered.
There appears, however, to be a disposi
tion on the part of both silver and anti
silver men to permit tlie question to come
to a vote without delay, some of the anti
silver people believing it would be the best
thing to let the country know, at the
earliest opportunity, what element it ia
that controls the Senate. It is believe I
the free-coinage substitute will pass by at
least half a dozen votes.
The Finance Committee meets in regu
lar session again Tuesday, and the Repub
lican members, counting on the vote of
Jones of Nevada, confidently expect
at that time to report the tariff "bill as it
came from the House, in accordance with
the sentiment of the Republican caucus
last week.
The House will probably continue to
morrow the consideration of the rule re
garding the counting of a quorum, which
alone remains to be acted upon. That can
be disposed of at one session, it is believed,
but whenever it is out of the way the pen
sion appropriation bill will be called up.
This is the only matter now in sight to en
gage the attention of the House this week,
and tney may occupy the entire time. A
number of members it is understood, are
anxious to make speeches on the pension
question, and, as there is nothing else on
tne docket as yet, their longings are likely
to be satisfied.
Whenever the Senate shall return the
revenue or bond bill with amendment its
consideration will at once supersede all
other business but neither one is expected
to reach the House this week. There may
be a diversion by the presentation of a
reply by the Secretary of State to any one
of the four or five resolutions of inquiry
which the House passed week before last,
but no intimation has been triven, so far as
known, that any of the replies will I*
transmitted by the President t^is week.
— ■ — — •
Italy's Parliament Prorogued,
ROME, iTAlrf, Jan. 12.— The Govern
ment has prorogued Parliament until tha
end of February.
NEW TO-DAY.
>£% <H> GJ
"HURRY UP !"
•'We want to pet to Roos Bros, before
those New Year bargains are all gobbled
up; besides, you know every purchaser of
$10 worth gets one of those beautiful and
useful Parisian Writing Portfolios FREE
OF CHARGE, and of course we mustn't
miss THAT.
Still selling— those steel mixed heavy Melton
Overcoats with high collars for men at— s6.7s.
Still selling— those men's Cheviot, Cassimereand
Kersey Overcoats; lons and medium cut, also box
styles, at— slo.
Still selliDg— those men's Chinchilla TTTtm in
b'.ues and blacks, extta length, with extra hiirh
collars, at-sll. - **
BtUl selllnij-those dressy, serviceable men's blue
and black Kersey Ulsters at — $13.
Still selling -men's suits of all kinds at Immense
reductions.
Still selling— but hurry np, or you may get left.
Mail orders our great specialty.
Dispensary,
Sk Dr.Oibbon's Dispensary,POPULISTS MAY
NAME TRUMBULL.
The Aged Ex-Justice Their
Probable Standard-
Bearer.
CHOICE OF THE PARTY.
Favored Because of His Stand
Against Concentration
of Capital.
HE WOULD PROBABLY ACCEPT.
Practically Certain of the Nomina- !
tion if He Allows His Name
to Be Used.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 12. — Lyman
Trumbull of this city, who prior to 1855
was successively Representative in Con
gress and Justice of the State Supreme
•. and for the three terms beginning j
that year and ending in 1373 represented
Illinois in the Senate of the United States,
may be the standard-bearer of the Popu- ■
list party in the approaching Presidential
campaign. While no official overtures to |
that end have yet been made to him. it is
understood that his availability will be
canvassed at the meeting of the National
Committee of the party, which is to be
held at St. Louis on Friday next to decide j
on tne time and place for holding the '
National Convention, and that quite a
number of members of the committee,
representing States in which the Popu
lists have material strength, will be favor- !
ably disposed toward Judge Trumbull's j
candidacy. The only other man who is
likely to be talked of is United States
Senator Marion Butler of North Carolina.
One of his Populist associates of that body,
however, (Senator W. V. Allen of Ne
braska), is regarded in the light of a dark I
horse, and may be broueht prominently to
the front should declinations or other cir- !
tend to place Judge Trumbull
or Senator Butler outside the pale of con
it ion. Beyond the three gentlemen
in question, no other name has been
mcd as the nominee of the party
for President.
A National committee man from afar
Western State, who was in this city for a
brief time this morning, said that it was
eminently desirable that at its meeting
next week the National Committee should
look over the field 3nd discuss the outlook
for Presidential timber,
"We don't propose," he said, "to be
again placed in the dilemma that is a part
of the history of the Omaha convention of
1892. As will be remembered, so certain
were our leaders that Judge Gresham would j
accept the nomination, that no other j
name was given consideration, and up to I
the opening of the convention it was re
garded as certain that the committee we
had laboring with him away down in
Indiana, where he had gone to attend the
funeral of a relative, would succeed in ob- j
taining his consent of the presentation of i
his name. It can be stated now, and I '
think for the first time, that the immedi- I
ate members of Judge Gresham's family
were strongly in favor of his placing him- i
self in our hands, and that so far as he
himself was concerned his objections were
more personal than political.
"It will be remembered, moreover, that
on that memorable Fourth of July we con
vened and adjourned, reconvened and
again adjourned, talked and sang to kill
time and did not give up until the final
and authenticated refusal from Judge
Gresham was wired into the convention
hall. Then we were in a quandary. Time
was getting short, somebody had to be
nominated and the choice fell upon Gen
eral Weaver. I have nothing to say
against the old greenback warrior of lowa,
but the fact is new recognized in the party
that he was not the strongest man who
might have been nominated had there
been more time for deliberation, and that
ha<J we not made the mistake of pinning
our faith exclusively upon Judge Gres
hani's acceptance we might have had an
other standard-bearer under whose leader
ship our campaign would have been more
potent of results.
"This time we propose to look ahead
and to know just where we stand without
waiting until the convention is actually
in session. Out my way there is a strong
feeling favorable to Judge Trumbull ou
account of the stand he has taken of later
years against the growth of centralizing
tendencies in a National Government and
the gradual concentration of capital in the
hands of a few to the injury of the
masses. I believe that either Judge
Trumbull or Senator Butler of North
Carolina would be highly acceptable not
only to the Populists but to the silver and
reform elements, and with the name of
one or the other at the masthead we
might kindle a wave of enthusiasm that
would sweep over the country."
The first intimation that his name was
being seriously spoken of in connection
with the first place on the Populist ticket
was conveyed to Judge Trun«bu!l this
evening by a representative of the United
Press. Despite the fact that he has
rounded his 82d year, the venerable ex
stutesman is as bright mentally and as
active physically as the average business
irian of 50, while his .speech is as clear and
ii.s manner as earnest, and vigorous as in
the daj i when on the floor of the United
Senate he enunciated the doctrine
which he afterward wrote as the thirteenth
amendment to the constitution, that
■r slavery nor involuntary servi
ihall exist in the United States."
To t!iC- intimation he quickly returned
; •}■■ -Minn that he had long since been
out of politics, and that, moreover, his
advanced age should preclude the pos
of his being called again into har-
To the suggestion, however, that,
physically, at least, be was in better shape
than was Mr. Blame in the campaign of
1884, or Mr. Thurman in the campaign of
c did not interpose a negative, and,
while avoiding any absolute expression of
opinion one way or the other, his manner
left the inference that, were he approached
with the sanction of the National Cnm
roiebt be persuaded to place
■ H in the hands of the convention.
In the course of the conversation. Judge
Trumbull said that the suggestion of his
probably prew out of the fact that a
fter a conference of the reform
elements at 8L Louis, lie was waited upon
by a committee which sought his advice
regarding the leading questions of the day
upon which a union of all reform elements
might be effected. By request, he drew up
a brief platform, containing, so far as he
remembers, but four planks. A search of
his desk, however, failed to bring to light
a duplicate of the document. Its Bpecific
or general terms he could not, on the
moment, remember.
Judge Trumbull's last public appear
ance, outside of his argument last year be
fore the United States Supreme Court on
the appeal of the officers of the American
Railway Union against the sentence for
contempt of court imposed by Judge
Woods, was at a great Populist meeting
held in this city on October 6, 1894, when
he spoke at some length upon the causes
leading to discontent among the masses,
emphasizing the fact that "deliverance
from the oppression of privileged monopo
lies and millionaires could be had only
through the ballot." He dilated upon the
encroachment of Federal courts upon the
constitutional rights of the people, and de
clared himself in favor of the rehabilita
tion of silver. This speech, which in
pamphlet form has obtained a circulation
of several million copies, is regarded as a
textbook among the various elements that
goto make up the Populist organization.
SUTLER XOT A CAXIUDATJE.
The Xorth Carolinian Lacka Thre« Years
of tlir Constitutional Age.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 12.— Senator
Butler of North Carolina, when seen to
night by a United Press reporter, said that
so far as he was concerned, there was
nothing in the story about his being a
candidate on the Populist Presidential
ticket for second place.
"I will not," said he, "for almost three
3-ears reach the constitutional age that
would permit me to take the office were I
to receive the nomination and be elected.
Besides I am not and would not be a can
didate. Senator Alien is a strong man in
our party, and if he permits his name to
be used in the convention he will have a
good following.
"The vote our ticket will poll next No
vember will surprise the country."
LAST CRUISE OF
THE JANET COWAN.
Continued from First Page.
sailing vessels were sighted ahead coming
in and the mate advised the captain to
tack ship to the southward and follow the
schooner just ahead of Him. He says the
captain obstinately refused to do so, but
kept close to the Vancouver shore.
Mate Legalle was aroused at the hospi
tal to-night and asked to corroborate the
above, but would say only that he could
have brought the vessel in safely had he
been in charge. He regretted that the
story about Captain Thompson drinting
had got out, but refused to deny it.
Captain Gove of the tug Tyee, which
brought the sailors here, says the vessel
was surely not well handled, even though
it was in a terrible storm. However, he
says there is some extenuation in ttie fact
that the Cowan was very light. Her ton
nage was over 2500 and she had less than
1100 tons ballast. She was consequently
so light that she would not answer her
helm, otherwise she could have been safely
brought about even after the rocks were
siglited ahead on the night she went
ashore. Gove says her position could net
nave been better selected, and that if she
had struck thirty yards on either side of
her present position it would have been
impossible for the crew to have reached
the shore before the vessel was smashed to
pieces.
Mate Legalle still insists that there are
| eleven men behind, but it seems his con
! dition was such that the others did not
; tell him of the death of the last two, cook
and donkeyman. So there are now eight
remaining behind as follows: T. Dugan,
J. Hanley, J. Marshall, F. Chamberlain,
and C. Campshell, able seamen; R. Her
rie and W. Walker, ordinary seamen, and
J. Taylor, steward. The tug Pioneer has
been sent to their rescue, and will arrive
here with them Tuesday morning.
The survivors here are being cared for
by British Consul Klocker, and the man
agers of the local Seamen's Bethel.
Six of them were seen at the latter place
this evening, and practically corroborated
all that had been said by Cox regarding
the drinking of Captain Thompson and
his disagreement with Mate Legalle. They
said the ship was too light for such a voy
age, and that she was tossed about like a
cork off the Cape. Several sailing vessels
were sighted by them while on shore, and
although every effort was made to hail
them none were successful. They saved a
foghorn from the Cowan and kept it going
almost continually, but without avail.
When the tent caught tire yesterday
morning Mate Legalle urged the others to
leave him to die and look out for them
selves, but they rigged up a stretcher and
got him safely down over the bluff to the
beach, when the tug coming to their res
cue was sighted. The men on shore
hugged each other for joy at sight of her,
and were soon on board.
Cox, the passenger, pives a vivid de
scription of the landing from the vessel on
the night of the disaster. Chamberlain,
the man who had tried to take the lead
line ashore, was given up for lost, and the
boat that was sent out an hour later with
four men capsized in the surf and there
was a wild scramble for life.
They then rigged out a boatswain's chair
line from the mizzenmast to the shore.
It was a pretty steep grade, and as each
man shot down the line he was told to
hold on fast. Cox says that when his turn
came — the third man from the last — he
clenched his teeth and slid down. When
near the shore the huge breakers were con
tinually washing the line and it seemed an
age while passing through them, and it re
quired the muscle of an athlete to hold on
to the line. Cox tells a pathetic story
about Lot;an, the 13-year-old apprentice,
who was very much excited and in piteous
tones begged fora life-preserver. Cox gave
him one. fastened it around his waist and
Loga;> then disappeared aft, never being
seen afterward.
Carpenter Peterson and four intelligent
seamen alleged to-day in the presence of
British Consul Klocker and a Call corre
spondent that the loss of the vessel
was due to the intemperance of the mas
ter, the inexperience of the second mate, j
who was scarcely 20 years old, and the
lack of a ship's full complement of able
seamen. Instead of there being twenty
four seamen, as tbe law requires of a ves
sel of that size, there were only sixteen for |
the two watches.
"It was a terrible experience through
which we passed," said Carpenter Peter
son to a Call correspondent, "and to
night I can almost see and hear the piteous
moans of our abandoned comrades.
"Their cries were lieartrending, and
liad we not thought our own lives in the
greatest danger we would have made extra
efforts to get Peveral ami Selkirk back to
tne ship. Some of us were barefooted
and we were helping and partly carrying
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1896.
some of the weaker ones. At every step
some of the boys left blood upon the
frozen ground.
"Captain Thompson seemed dazed from
the time he passed through the ragged
surf and reached the shore. That night,
while the steward was caring for him, he
died in a bank of snow and the next day
in going down a trail one of our men fell
over his corpse.
"Further down the road Perval and Sel
kirk lost their reason and were laughing,
crying and chattering like magpies. Face
down over a log, frozen stiff, lay the corpse
of George Kinnear, the cook. The snow
fell continuously for forty-eight hours,
and clad lightly, as we were, it is the
greatest wonder that we did not all perish."
On board ship he said the men gutted
the cabins and broke into the storeroom.
When the first officer fell down in the laz
arette they refused him assistance, and
had it not been for the timely arrival of
the carpenter he thinks they would have
abandoned him to his fate.
TUO3IPSOX Kyovrx BJSRJE.
tTaa a Seaman of Exceptional Ability and
a Cautious Xariyator.
The Janet Cowan is a four-masted vessel, '
bark rigged on the jigger or aftermost I
mast. She was built by R. Steele at
Greenock in 1866 and was entered at Swan
sea. Her length is 214 feet, beam 35.4 feet,
depth 22.5 feet and has a registered ton
nage of 2498. She belongs to the "burn"
line of vessels, of which are the Otterburn,
Routenburn, and the Celticburn, now on i
her way to this port from Newcastle, New
South Wales.
Captain Thompson, who perished from
exposure after leaving his ship, is a native \
of the Shetland Islands, and was about 45 j
years of age. He had a wife and family in i
England. He entered the employ of the
company that owned the Janet Cowan at
an early age, and passed upward through !
all the grades of an officer until he was ;
promoted to the rank of master.
By those who are intimately acquainted ;
with him he is described as having been i
au exceedingly careful and cautious Scotch !
skipper, and a seaman who had no superi- |
ors in the profession.
"I knew Thompson well," said Alexan- i
der Mcßoyle, the druggist at the corner of i
Washington and Sansome streets, "and j
knowing his abilities as a commander, his '
discretion as a navigator, I cannot account \
for the loss of the Janet Cowan. I believe \
that the disaster was the result of a combi
nation of circumstances over which no spa
man, however able, has any control. Cap- I
tain Thompson would never lose a ship if
human skill could save her."
The Janet Cowan was in this port in
1893 ;md sailed for England during October
of that year. Thompson was in command
of her then and had been for a number of
years. Like many who have been lost at
sea he was intending to resign his com
mand and remain at home after this trip,
which has proved to be indeed his final
voyage.
WRECKED OFF SASIiSPIT.
Victoria Yacht n innifred \Foundert in
the Straits.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 12.— The
corpse of a man was found last night on the
beach west of this city. It had evidently
been in the water for some time, as there
was no clothing on the body and an arm
was missing. It is supposed to be that of
a sailor who was lost overboard in the
straits from a Victoria sealing schooner
two weeks ago.
The Victoria yacht Winnifred is wrecked
on the straits shore off Sandspit. Custom
house officers believed she had been stolen
and an effort was made to detain the men
who brought her over, but they succeeded
in getting away last nieht.
Afi.vr I* A X S U VEIi DUE.
Grave Fears for the Safety of the British
tiarl; I.orton.
PORTLAND, 0r.., Jan 12.— Shipping
men have grave fears for the safety of the
British bark Lorton, which is now out
over sixty days from Mazatlan, Mexico,
for this port. The bark was due a month
ago, and her wheat charter expired on De
cember 31.
The Lorton sailed from Liverpool June 0,
and arrived at Mazatlan October 25. There
she discharged a part of her cargo, and
sailed on November (j for this city. The
Lorton is well known here, having been
in port a number of times in charge of
Captain Steele, whose place was afterward
taken by Captain Archer. She registers
loSO tons, and carries a crew of about
twenty men.
REPULSED B Y ITALIANS
Abyssinians Suffer Heavy Loss
in an Onslaught Upon
Makalle.
They Have Entrenched Themselves
Upon the Heights Command
ing the Town.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 12.— A dispatch from
Massowah, the capital of the Italian
colony of Erythrea, says the Abyssinians
made three attacks on the town of Makalle
on Friday last. The Abyssinians had can
non and used them against the town, but
they were repulsed with heavy loss. The
Italians lost five killed and twenty
wounded.
After their defeat the Abyssinians en
trenched themselves on the neighboring
heights in such positions as to enable
them to prevent the garrison at Makalle
from drawing water.
The fortress has reserves of water that
will Jast until the end of January. The
garrison is in good spirits. Re-enforce
ments continue to arrive at Adigrat.
l.ni/lmul Congratulates Portugal.
LISBON, Portugal, Jan. 12.— Great Brit
! am has congratulated Portugal upon the
| capture of Gungunbana. the East African
j chief who has been hostile to the Portu
i guese for a long time, and upon the con
solidation of Portuguese authority in the
! province of Mozambique.
The Zargi.irnarn Mot Hn mat/, d.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 12.— The British
! ship Largi.smore,Spencer,from San Francia
j co via Falmouth for SPloth, before reported
grounded at the mouth of Silloth harbor
was floated, after having been lightered of
I 700 tons of her cargo, and will be docked.
I She has sustained no apparent damage.
The Ceptsalonia Floated.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 12.— The Cunard
lino steamer Cephalonia, which struck a
rock off the South Stack while bound from
Boston for Liverpool and was suosequently
beached at the upper end of New Harbor
near Holyhead, was trot afloat this morn
ing by means of pontoons and tugs.
Advance Upon thr Aslumteeit.
CAPE COAST CASTLE, British West
Africa, Jan. 12.— The Ashantee expedi
tion has reached a point within twenty
eight miles of Coomasie, tne capital of
Ashantee. The advance oq that place will
be made to-iuorrow.
FIGHT NEAR HAVANA.
Insurgents Re-Enter the
Province and Engage
Valdez.
MACEO TO JOIN GOMEZ.
His Force Leaves Santiago to
Meet the Army Moving
Westward.
BATTLES LOST BY SPANIARDS.
Regulars Defeated by the Islanders
in a Series of Bloody
Conflicts.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 12.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Havana
says :
General Gomez re-entered Havana piov
ince from Pinar del Rio Saturday. He en
countered a Spanish force under Suarez
Valdez at 8 o'clock this morning, three
miles from Batabano, and a desperate
fight followed. No official report of the
casualties has been given out.
Telegraphic communication across the
island with the cable line was cut at Bata
bano this morning.
INSURGENT VICTORIES.
Regulars Defeated in Several Desperate
Engagements — Crime of a Spanish
Leader.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Cuba, Jan. 4
; (via Key West, Jan. 11).— On the 26th ult.
the guerrillas of Colonel Tejeda and the
battalion, constituting 1200 men in all, had
a bloody engagement with the rebel leaders,
'' Brigadier Cebreco and Colonel Pancno
Sanches, with 500 men, in Loma de los
Ciegos and in San Prudencio.
The Spanish troops commenced the at
tack with Mich a hurried and continuous
tiring from different directions that the
insureents abandoned the first-mentioned
place and took positions in San Prudencio,
after inflicting some losses to the troops.
Colonel Tejeila, after giving some rest to
the soldier?, again attacked the rebels in
i their new positions. A terrible right en
sued, but when the Spaniards arrived about
j half way up the mountain they began to
j show signs of weakening in consequence
lof the constant and deadly lire of the
rebels.
Colonel Tejeda then ordered an attack
\ with bayonets, and the Insurgents, seeing
: that, suddenly attacked the guerrillas with
machetes. The latter disbanded and in
running disorganized and scattered the
battalion, leaving them alone in the field.
Colonel Tejeda, being unable to rally the
i dispersed guerrillas, had to retire with his
wounded.
In this engagement the Spanish had Dr.
Gomez, four officers and fifteen soldiers
killed, and Commander Ponet, seven offi
cers and forty soldiers wounded. The
! rebels had six killed and tifteen woundf.-d.
The insurgents captured several horses,
three mules laden with ammunition, many
weapons and a large box of medicines.
Another encounter has taken place
lately in La Tontina, between Spanish
Colonel Sandoval and Cuban leaders Ruen
and Dominguez. After a short but hard
fight Dominguez defeated the Spanish
column. The troops had nine killed and
thirty wounded. The rebels captured ten
mules laden with ammunition and medi
cines.
A horrible crime was committed near
Manzanillo on December 24 by Spanish
guerrillas commanded by Colonel Benitz, a
bandit whom Martinez Campos took out
from the prison where he was serving a
term for crime and raised to the rank of
colonel of the Spanish army. Lolo Benitz
is a Cuban by birth. On the evening of
the 24th he went from Manzanillo with sixty
guerrillas with the object of inspecting the
surroundings of the city. In the middle
of the night they arrived at a country seat
called San Francisco, where there were
about twenty-rive persons celebrating
Christmas eve, the maiority of them
women and children. The guerrillas went
to the front of the house, fired a volley at
it and then entered, machetes in hand,
killing an old man, the owner of the place,
two other men, two women and two
children and wounding four men, three
women and four children. Lolo Benitz
took three men with him to Manzanillo as
prisoners, saying that he had dispersed a
party of rebels.
On December 24 a Spanish column 500
strong, under Colonel Ochoa, left Mayari
to carry a convoy of ammunition to a de
tachment of troops stationed at La Juli
ana. On their way they were met by the
rebel leader, Matias Vega, with 900 men.
The insurgents attacked the convoy and
captured forty mules laden with provis
ions and ten with ammunition. The
troops retreated to Mayari, having eight
killed and thirty-seven wounded. The
Cubans also captured eight prisoners.
On December 28 the Spanish columns of
Colonels Kodons and Pablos, with 1100
men, left Tignani by different roads with
the object of meeting in Manacahueca and
continuing together to the Venta dcs Casa
nova to fortify it and to Dlace there a gar
rison. The insurgents under Colonel
Lora and the forces of the brigade of Cam
bute, who had learned of the plan of the
Spaniards, took up positions in Manaca
hueca ahead of the troops.
Rebel commander Abad Reyes with 100
infantry and twenty cavalry began to tire
at Rodons' column, which trusting m
Colonel Pablo's arrival, entered the trap
which the rebels had prepared for them.
They were fired upon from all sides, and
afterwards a terrible charge was made
with machetes, which scattered the troops.
The forces of the Spanish Colonel Pablos
arrived too late to be of service. More than
100 Mansur rifles and twenty mules, laden
with ammunition, were left in the hands
of the rebels. The Spaniards had three
officers and thirty-nine soldiers killed and
five officers and nine soldiers wounded.
Lieutenant-General Pando has issued an
order threatening to court-martial all
owners of sugar estates if they do not
grind the cane on their plantations. Of
course, some planters, fearing that Pando
would carry out his threat, tried to com
ply with the order, but the very day the
order was published in Guanatanamo
newspapers, all the canenelds of those who
were grinding were set on lire and they
had to atop.
Jose Maceo and Rabi have notified the
planters that if they attempt to grind
ag-ain not only the cane will be burned but
their houses and machinery, too. General
Pando has particular interests in Guana
tananio, because his wife, who lived in
that city, has a sugar estate there.
Marshal Martinez Campos sent an order
by cable last night to the authorities here
to send him immediately 1500 men for
Bantanabo. It is said sa many men can
not be spared, as there are numerous rebels
around the city, awaiting a cnance to pay
a visit to Santiago.
The arrest of persons on suspicion con
tinues in all this district. Some are taken
in the middle of the nightand shot ; others
are sent to Africa. A detachment com
posed of a sergeant and twenty-rive soldiers,
who were on duty in the suburbs of the
city, joined the rebels last night with their
arms and ammunition.
FLJEEIXO FRO 31 CUBA.
Residents of the Island Are Leaving in
Xiarge Swmb»r»>
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 12.— A ca
blegram to the Times-Union from Key
West, Fla., says: The steamship Olivette
brought from Havana to-night more tl-an
100 passengers, who report that all resi
dents of the island of Cuba who are able
are leaving. Farms are being deserted,
and most of the large business houses out
side of Havana are closed.
There was great excitement in Havana
yesterday over the arrest of Solano, Chief
of Police. A mob assembled and wanted
him shot, but the officials protected him
and sent him to-day as a prisoner to Spain.
Trujillo succeeds Solano as Chief of Police.
AItRESTEIt AT HAT AN A.
A Putative Correspondent of the -Yete York
Journal in Trouble.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 12.— Charles A.
Soloman, who claimed he was a corre
spondent of the Journal of New York, wa3
arrested here to-day on the arrival of the
steamer Seneca, on which he had traveled
from New York. The authorities Lad
been noti tied of his departure, and of the
fact that he was suspected of being in
league with the insurgents. It is sup
posed that compromising letters were
found in his possession. He was lodged
in jail, and the officials refuse to allow
an}- one to have communication with him.
Antonio Maceo, the rebel leader, and his
command are reported to be in the vicinity
of Quivican and San Felipe, moving east.
NEW YORK, N. Y\, Jan. 12.— Charles
A. Salomon, who was arrested in Havana
upon his arrival there, is a young journal
ist well known among newspaper men in
this city. Ever since he became engaged
in newspaper work he has made a specialty
of South American news, and if>, perhaps,
better known at the Consulates of South
American countries in this city than any
other writer. He was a daily caller at the
Cuban Junta and also at the Spanish Con
sulate, showing no favor to either side.
Salomon decided last week to go to Cuba
to look over the places he had written
about, and sailed for Havana on the
Seneca last Wednesday afternoon. It is a
well-known fact that all persons, reporters
especially, who visit the Cuban Junta in
this city are watched regularly by detec
tives, and that their movements are re
ported to the Spanish authorities. The
young man's regularity in going there
after news has no doubt led to his being
suspected as a sympathizer with the Cuban
cause and his arrest.
FAST TRAINS TAKEN OFF
Santa Fe Limited Between Chi
cago and Los Angeles to
Be Abandoned.
Retrenchment the Order of the Day
With the New Management of
the Road.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 12.— Retrenchment
is the order of the day with the new man
agement of the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Company, and the first
step in this direction will be the abandon
ment of the fast limited express train be
tween Chicago and Los Angeles.'
This train was put on about three months
ago as an experiment. The time made
between Chicago and Los Angeles was
only three days, and the equipment of the
train was equal to that of the famous lim
ited trains between Chicago and New York.
It is claimed at the rate the company
has been losing money on its fast limited
express its loss at the end of a year would
have been over $-.200,000.
President Ripley informed the general
managers of the Chicagoand Missouri River
lines at a meeting held Friday afternoon
of ti:e intention of his company to take off
the California limited, and the announce
ment was received with much satisfaction.
The managers of all the Chicaeo and Kan
sas City lines are opposed to running extra
fast trains, especially during the winter,
on account of the increased danger and the
extra expense.
CRIME OF A POLICEMAN
He Murders a Sergeant Who
Had Found Him Off
His Beat.
Mingles Unconcernedly With His
Fellow Officers After Slaying
His Superior.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan 12.— Sergeant
Timothy Cantlin of the Seventh Precinct,
was shot and Scilled by Patrolman Michael
Sammon tnis afternoon, because he found
the latter off his beat and intended to re
port him therefor. After shooting Cantlin,
Sammon walked to the station-house,
which he entered, saying he wanted to get
warm. Lighting his pipe, he chatted for
some time with the reserve men and then
started out aerain.
As he was leaving the statiou-house,
Patrolman McClure entered, and laying
his hand on Sammon's shoulder, he said:
"Yon are under arrest for shooting Ser
geant Cantlin."
Cantlin lay where he fell for nearly a
half hour, but did not lose consciousness.
Taking his whistle from nis pocket he blew
alarms until lie attracted the attention of
Patrolman McClure, to whom he told the
facts of the shooting. He was removed to
the hospital, where he died this afternoon.
Sammon refused to talk about his crime.
AGED OFFICIALS DOOMED.
The Official Ax to JBe Stcung in the
Patent Office.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 12.—An
other extensive "shake-up" is contem
plated in the United States Patent Office,
among the force of examiners, with a
view, it is said, of raising the standard of
efficiency among that corps of officials.
Some eight or nine months ago, tv,o prin
cipal examiners, whose service dates back
a number of years, were relieved Irom
duty "for the cood of the service." It has
been reported within the past few days
tliat a similar faie world be meted out to
several other aged officials in the immedi
ate future.
FEARFUL MAELSTROM
Volcanic Opening in the
Bottom of Lake Cha
pala, Mexico.
IN A TERRIBLE VORTEX
Those on Shore Were Powerless
to Aid and Stood
Aghast.
WATCHED THE BOATS GO DOWN.
Between Twenty and Thirty Lives
Were Lost in the Fathomless
and Unknown Depths.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 12.— Particulars
were received to-day of a terrible con
vulsion of nature at Lake Chapala, in the
State of Jalisco, Mexico, which occurred
last Wednesday.
It is an isolated place and has no tele
graphic communication. The lake is
about fifty miles long and ten wide,
and on the morning of the Bth instant
was subjected to some volcanic disturbance
which evidently made an immense cavity
in its bottom, as the waters of the Jake re
ceded several feet and created a whirlpool
in gonig down through the hole, which
sucked down several small vessels and
drowned about twenty people.
The region is peculiarly subject to sub
terranean disturbances, being not far from
the volcanoes of Colima and Jorullo,
which are in eruption almostconstantly.
On the forenoon of the Bth residents in
one of the small settlements near the
western end of the lake were terrified to
see a gigantic whirlpool raging far out on
the water, the cause of which was a com
plete mystery.
The waters swirled and rose in
serpentine movements and from all direc
tions rushed toward a common center,
where a stupendous cavity seemed to
exist.
The weather was clear and calm at the
time and the horritied people on shore
could hear a cavernous rumbling far out
in the lake and beneath their feet in the
bowels of the earth.
The mitrhty action of the waters of the
lake was exactly such as would be pro
duced in miniature by the pouring of
water into a funnel. The whirlpool result
ing from this sinking of the lake's bottom
was of wide extent, and pleasure-boats and
fishing craft were sucked into the awful
aby^s.
The natives on shore could plainly see
the boats, none of wiich were near the
center of the whirlpool at first. But as
the rush of waters continued the irresist
ible force could not be overcome by the
men in the boats, and their herculean
efforts to escape the death that reached
out for them were most appalling to their
friends on the shore.
Now and then some boat would appear
to waver and stand still, but the Niagara
| of waters would swell upon it and hurl it
j quickly into the chasm.
There was not one boat within reach of
' that current that escaped, and the score
of persons in the boais all lost their lives.
The whirlpool continued for nearly
twenty minutes, and when the inhabitants
of the surrounding territory turned their
eyes from the overwhelming sight they
saw that the lake had receded several feet
from its former shore line.
As the lake is about fifty miles in length,
with a width of ten miles, the enormous
amount of water that was swallowed up j
by the earth may be faintly imagined.
After the whirlpool subsided the surface '■
of the Jake resumed its placid aspect and
the subterranean rumblings ceased.
The greatest excitement arose among '
people for miles in the vicinity of the west
ern end of the lake, the more ienorantand '
superstitious natives being beside them- !
selves with fear. Years of familiarity with \
volcanic eruptions and terrestrial disturb
ancea did not serve to reassure them dur- !
ing this dreadful experience.
The news was received by Professor Ed
win H. Coffey, who formerly lived near
Lake Chapala. He is well acquainted i
with its surroundings, having explored j
much of its coast line in the year ISSB. At 1
that time he found petroleum and coal in I
quantities that proved the existence of i
vast wealth in that region.
Since the strange occurrence on the lake ]
last Wednesday petroleum has been j
found running in small streams above the
surface on the southern shore.
The Lerma River empties into Lake
Chapala on the western side and flows out ;
in a west-northwesterly direction under !
the name of the Coloton River.
Jorulto volcano rose in a night from the j
NEW TO-DAY.
ti^^^^^i|l^t % -^-S^T The wish to be str ° to p ° ssc£s
SJ^^^^^P^^^^t/ that element of vital energy which
F^^^^^^^^^^^^ makes the step quick, the eye sparkle
||[Y (^'" Si "^™™™ rif o F an^ the cheek rosy, is your greatest wish.
\ lv $lLf2{ «%v The wish to be perfect in healh is proverbial;
VW^^^L *S\ and it can be gratified, for nature is our greatest
ds&PP*>**_ t J J benefactor. She has given us Electricity, the foun-
£?* >^? ===3=:S^ dation of all . animal life; the source of all energy.
You need but to charge your body with it each
night while you sleep, and it brings forth health and happiness. J- J>
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt oe *x *x .at •«« tg
Recognized and adopted by the highest medical authorities as 'the
most simple and effective appliance made for restoring vital energy to
the weakened form of man and woman. The Electric force from it
is sensibly felt by the wearer all the time, and its one grand advantgae
over the battery and all other modes of electric treatment is the even,
steady current, which can be regulated while the belt is on the body.
If you are weak or ailing, try it. Read the little book "Three Classes
of Men/ with hundreds of testimonials, free. J^J^jt^jt^tjijt
*x *h & jt Sanden Electric Co. -^ Jt *x **
632 Market St., Opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
Office Hour»: 8 to 6, Bvenings 7 to 8:30, Sundays 10 to 1.
level plain in the year 1789, and a sight of
the terrible upheaval was missed by only a
day by the traveler Humboldt, who has
left a succinct account of the occurrence in
his writings.
After the strange sinking of Lake Cha
pala on Wednesday, no unusual activity
was noticeable in the volcanoes of that
region.
orrosics uoki: smith.
Delegate Fli/tin of Oklahoma Waging
War Againtt the Secretary.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. Dele
• gate Flynn of Oklahoma continues to
wage war against Secretary Hoke Smith.
Recently he attacked that official in a
: speech on the floor of the House, alleging
that the secretary had appointed relatives
( in Oklahoma in connection with the work
of the general land office.
Mr. Flynn's latest move is an effort to
block the confirmation of W. H. Anderson
of Kentucky as Register of the Land Office
at Enid, O. T. Mr. Anderson was formerly
a chief of division of the Interior Depart
ment, and was appointed Receiver last
summer to succeed Roberc M. Patterson of
Georgia, who was killed in a difficulty with
an editor at Enid. Mr. Flynn bases his
I objection to Mr. AndersonN confirmation
i on the ground that he is an outsider, and
'•■ he contends that residents of the Territory
should hold the offices in accordance with
the declarations of the Democratic plat
form.
COURSINGAT SACRAMENTO
Lovers of the Sport Saw the
Longest Race Ever Run
in the State.
Preliminary Winners in Some Exciting
Contests With Hares and
Hounds.
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., Jan. 12.— Despite
the threatened inclemency of the weather
I there was one of the largest crowds of
; spectators in attendance at the free-for-all
coursing match of the Sacramento Cours
ing Club to-day that has ever been known
in this vicinity. At lea«t 700 vehicles were
on the ground and over 2500 people. The
grounds were in excellent condition.
The feature of ttie day was the perform
ance of Mediation's dog Gile, who bested
Sfeyball, 12 to !) points. The latter is con
ceded to be the fastest dog in California, if
not in the world, Giie has also won many
honors, taking second money at Merced
last year. Trie outcome of this race was
; the surprise of the day. Nelly Conleyand
Annie Rooney ran the longest race ever
. judged in the .State, making fifty-six points
iin all. The next longest was made at
i Merced, when forty-eight points were
i scored. In to-day's run Neiiie Conroy
; handled her hare so cleverly that Annie
Rooney was never let in, though always
| well up.
J. F. Grace's dog Rollalong, after killing
1 in his contest with Kelly's Jack, started a
| second hare and ran into a wire fence.
This Jaid him up and he was unable to run
i out his tie with Wayfarer. The latter was
pitted against Kingston, but eventually
ran a bye.
In the lirst series Devine's Banjo beat
1 Gorman's Kingston; Kennei's San Joaquin
; beat Stout's Landsdale; Tevlin's Captain
| Jim beat Griffith's Combination; Ilala
nan's Governor Jim beat Welsh's Clover
Leaf; Ashland stable's Ply beat Shee
ban's Eva S; Nethercott's Little Wonder
beat McMabon'e Lily of the West; Grace's
Rollalong neat Kelly's Jack; Alameda
kennel's Wayfarer ran a bye, Annie
, Laurie failing to appear; Cronin's Pkyball
beat Steigler's Tammany; McManon's
(iile beat Muldcon; Grace's Nellie Conroy
| beat Weich/s Annie Rooney; Devine's
i Straight Tip beat Kennedy's Schoolgirl;
Sneenan'a Governor Markham beat
O'Neil's Robert J: Renwick'a Snowdrift
| beat Mahoney's Mary Lou.
In the lirst tie Sun Joaquin beat banjo,
■ Governor Jim beat Captain Jim, Little
i Wonder beat Fly, Wayfarer ran a bye,
: Gile beat Snowball, Nellie Conroy beat
Straight Tip, Snowdrift beat Governor
Markham.
In the second ties San Joaquin beat Gov
ernor Jim, Littie Wonder and Wayfarer
j ran an unended course, as it got so dark
j the judge refused to render judgment. It
I was aureed to finish the course next Sun
j day, when Gile will by run against Nellie
Conroy, Snowdrift having a bye.
DICK MOORE DEFEATED.
Paddy Purtell of Kansas City Whips the St.
Paul Man in Four Fast
Rounds.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 12.— Paddy
Purtell of Kansas City (the "Saginaw Kid")
knocked Dick Moore of St. Paul out in
four rounds to-nitrht, after a, lively right in
a barn in this city. About 200 sports saw
the contest, whicn went off without a
hitch. Th*! two fighters hari met several
times before unsatisfactorily, and to
night's go was for a purse of $1000 and
"blood."
Time was called at 9:55. Moore went at
j his man hard in the first two rounds, and
i certainly looked like a winner, but in the
', third round he let up on his gait, and in
I the fourth Purtell seemed to have him
! winded and knocked him down three
times. The last blow caught Moore on the
; jaw and phased him.
The betting was on Purtell from the
: start— sloo to $S0 and $100 to $75, with few
takers.
34
BATTLE WITH THUGS
A Plucky Portland Woman
Stands Two of Them
Off.
COVERED UP HER HEAD.
After Being Released She Ran
Home and Got Her
Revolver.
RODE IN TO GIVE THE ALARM.
Robbers Secured a Small Sum, But
Mrs. Carpenter Marked Them
With Her Teeth.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 12.— The most
daring outrage in the way of a hold-up
that has occurred iv a long time was the
assault and robbery of Mr«. Louis G. Car
penter, who resides on East Stark street,
between East Thirty-second and East
Thirty-third streets Friday evening about
S o'clock.
The matter was suppressed till early
this morning by tne detectives in the hope
of capturing the tlr
Mrs. Carpenter, who is well known, left
her home and was walking westward along
the south fide ol Ea?t Stark street and
when about opposite the Portland Hospi
tal she noticed two men approaching.
As it was still early in the evening, and
being courageous, she gave them no par
ticular attention. When the two reached
her, one slightly in front, the other in the
rear, they threw a cloth over her mouth,
holding it iirmly down so she could make.
no outcry of any sort.
They then quickly carried her to the op
posite side of the street, where it was dark.
Here they robbed her of her purse, con
taining $7 or |S, and then allowed her
to go.
The moment Mrs. Carpenter was re
. she ran home, got her pistol and
tired it in the air, expecting to attract
some one.
Failing in that she reloaded her revolver
and mounting a horse she rode over the
rields a mile or two, hoping to get sight of
the thugs. In I so failed.
When she reported the i .i~e at the West
side police station Detectives Simmons
and Day wore placed at her disposal. A
h was made, without any
factory resulta so far.
•If I'd had my pistol with me," said
Mrs. Carpenter." "I'd shol both of those
fellows. But I severely bit the hand of
the one who gagged me. and his wounded
hand wili be a 'give-away.' '
The detectives that Mr?. Carpenter
displayed more nerve and genuine grit
than would one man in a hundred under
like <
There are so many thugs on the East
■ ow, because of the early reduc;.
the police force here, that bloodhounds
will be employed to track them.
NEWS OF SAN JOSE
A Young Counterfeiter Is Also
Charged With Burglary
and Held.
Two Cyclers Make the Tandem Cen
tury Run in Little Over
Five Hours.
SAN JOSE, Cai*. Jan. 12.— Al Diaz, who
is being held on a charge of passing
counterfeit coin, has also been charged
with burglary.
It was discovered yesterday that the sr.it
of clothes Diaz was wearing had been
stolen from K. L. Armstrong's room in
the Newland House.
Diaz was employed around the hotel at
the timts. Armstrong has sworn to a com
plaint charging him with burglary.
Diaz denies passing the bogus coin and
says it is a case of mistaken identity, but
refuses to talk about the clotning "taken
from Armstrong's room.
fITE-HUE JiKYCI.E RACE.
The First of a Wmklff I'rartice Serves to
Develop a Strong Team.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Jan. 12.— The live-mile
handicap road race of the San Jose Road
Club,- the East San Jose course, this
morning, attracted a large number of spec
tators.
The riders were well bunched at the
finish, and the race proved an interesting
one.
Ted Belloli, with 20 seconds handicap,
won the race in 13:4G; McFarland (scratch)
second, in 13:37. The starters and handi
caps were: /
F. A. McFarland and R. Hammonds
scratch; Ted .Belloli, 30 seconds; J. A.
Harrington and M. J. O'Brien, 40 seconds-
George Bell, 1 :15; T. T. Carroll, 1:20. '<
To-day's race was the tirst of a series of
weekly races that are to be held to develop
a strong team fur the great relay race in
May. To secure a position on the Road
Club's team a rider must be able to ride
ten miles in twenty-eight minutes.
A \l » TASDI '/ HI < OUT).
Tiro Cyclers M.nh the Century Run in
I.itil' Orer J-'ire Hours.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 12.— X. Sherman
and Fred Larder, members of the Garden
City Cyclers, to-day made a century run
on a tandem in 5 hours and I*o minutes
establi a Dew coast tandem record. '
The course was from this city to Gilrov,
thence bacK through this city to a point "a
mile and a half beyond Centerville, and
then to this city.
George Hoffman's Death.
SAN JoSK. Cai.., Jan. 12. — Coroner
day held an inquest over the
remains nf Geor-ie W. Hoffman, the
electrician, who was killed last evening
at the Electric Improvement Company's
vower-house by reonivtnq :i shock of 2500
volts whik* working at the s-witrh board.
There was ;io witoeasea to the accident,
an<l nothing new was 'ievelopea at the
inquest. The jury returned a verdict of
accidental deaih.
A t-'r*iit-ti roir'rt' Meeting.
\ JOSE, Cai», Jap. 12.— During the
coming week several of the most promi
nent fruit - growers of the county
will issue ;i call for a inass
meetint: of fmitmen and orchardists
to be held i:i this city some I
. resent month. The objer; of the
meeting is to discuss the question of creat
ing a demand and extending the market
for the fruit products of Santa Clara
County.
qua xk ci. o r i:r pnis ox ess.
Sheriffs of Tico Counties Want PostctsioH
«»/■ riicjn.
SANTA KOSA.CaI., Jan. 12.— The Sher
iffs of Sonoma and Marin counties are
having a squabble over Norton and Mo
ralis, the two men jailed in Petaluma Fri
day for robbing various stores in the two
counties during the past few months.
Moralis is a half-breed Chilean and
Indian. Norton is an American.
Sheriff Bam 1. Allen of this county went
to Petaluma Saturday to bring the prison
ers to Santa Kosa on the charge of robbing
the Trenton postottice.
He received a warrant from Justice
Scudderof Petaluma, but Marshal Collins,
the arresting officer, refused to surrender
the men, claiming he made the arrest un
der instructions from Sheriff Harrison of
Marin County. Collins now says "he will
turnthe men over to a United States Mar
shal.
There is a standing reward from the
postal authorities of $300 each for men ar
rested for robbing postoflices, and the
many oflicers involved in the pursuit and
linal capture are all mating efforts to se
cure charge of the valuable prisoners.
Sheriff Johnson of Mendocino County
was i:i town Saturday. He thinks these
same men robbed the "Willits stage some
two weeks ago.
Thus far the men are supposed to have
committed the following robberies:
A store at Tomales Point, Marin County;
the Trenton Postotlice and a store at Free
stone, Sonoma County ; the Willits stage ;
Mendocino County, and a store in Cala
veras County. Their booty in most in
stances has been small, the entire total
probably not exceeding .SIOOO.
PORTLAND ROBBERS ASTIR
A Very Nervous and Green High
wayman Holds Up an
Electric-Car.
Two Thugs Rob the Coachman of a
Prominent Attorney and Then
Take the Horses.
PORTLAND, Ob., Jan. 12. -An electric
car of the Easiside Railroad Company,
having left Oregon City at 0:20 this even
ing, was held up by a solitary robber be
tween Milwaukee and Oak Grove.
Tue robber, a slight built fellow, got on
the rear end of the car, and, sticking a big
revolver under the conductor's nose, made
him shell out all his change.
He then entered the car, containing
eight passengers, among whom were two
women, all of whom had to pay tribute to
the lonely highwayman.
lie proved himself to be a novice in the
business, though, as he allowed the pas
sengers to delve into their own pockets to
bring out their money. Had he been a
-r-ional he would have takeii no such
( bancea for fear of being shot.
He also walked the entire length of the
car, turning his back on some of the male
passengers.
The only circumstance saving his life
was that none of his victims carried a
pistol.
lie took no jewelry, and the greater part
of the money on the persons of the passen
gers they saved. a< the robber was very
nervous and seemingly anxious to get
away as hurriedly a* possibte.
At 8 o'clock to-night the coachman of
Arthur Emmonß, a prominent lawyer
here, was held up on the White House
road by two thugs.
Then the robbers took possession of the
and buggy he was taking to Pales
tine Hill, where Mr. Emmons live?, and
they (irove the rig into town.
lOIiTLAXV'S CESIESARIA V.
She Is an Old Indian Woman and Tiyxtig
from Aye.
PORTLAND, 0f.., Jan. 12.— Seattle
(Wash.) special says that old Princess
Angeline, widow of old Chief Seattle, is
evidently nearing the horizon of her
earthly existence, and old-timers yester
day concluded that her general welfare
would be better subserved under the
kindly care of the sisters of the Provi
dence Hospital.
Friday afternoon, while hobbling along
in front of the Rialto, near Spring street,
she fell and was so weak that she was una
ble to regain her feet.
C. P. Stone and others summoned the
patrol wagon and had her taken to police
headquarters, from where she will be taken
to the hospital and cared for.
Dr. Palmer found that her weakness
was the result of her great age, and be
lieved the determination to have her cared
for a wise one. She has but a short time
to live. .
DUO ITS ETi _\ hA 11 SACRA 31 EX TO,
While Hunting in ISrushy J.ake the Boat
Capsized.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 12.— Thomas
Landstroni was drowned in Brushy Lake,
on the Haggin grant, near this city, to
day.
He had gone out with a companion in a
duekboat. wnich in some way was upset.
His companion swam ashore but Land
storm Muck to the overturned boat.
Game Warden Helms Heard their cries
nearly half a mile away and ran to the
spot having to wade across two sloughs to
do so.
After sdme delay he procured a duck
boat from a boy and went out to Land
5-trom's assistance. The latter clung to
his gun, in spite of all entreaties to drop
it, and while Helms was towing the
boat to shore he became exhausted, and,
slipping off, sank in thirteen feet of water.
Grappling-irons were procured and hi?
gun was iished out, but his body was not
found till late at ni^ht. He was'a section
carpenter in the railroad-shops.
A SAXTA BARBARA SESSATIOS.
Son of a Wealthy Citizen Sued by an
Heiress for lireach of l'romite.
SANTA BARBARA, Cat,, Jan. 12.— A
sensational suit has Deen filed in the
Superior Court of this County by Ida
Katie Schiappa-Pietra, who sues Thomas
Goux for $10,000 for breach of promise.
Miss Schiappa-Pietra is a niece of Leo
poldo Schiappa-Pietra, who died in Italy
three months ago, leaving an estate of a
quarter of a million of dollars to his
brother in Ventura, another uncle of the
plaintiff.
This will is now being hotly contested
by other heirs, the plaintiff among the
number.
V. i-s Schiappa-Pietra is about 40 years
old and is the divorced wife of oneLynden.
who kept an oyster-house in Santa Bar
bara. V
Goux is th« son of a wealthy wholesale
liquor-dealer and the brother of Emi]
Goux, the County Auditor.
A SA\ JVAX SUICIDE.
Card a and Drhil; (ausea Toting Man to
tml BCa lAfe.
NORTH SAN JUAN, Cal., Jan. 12.—
Dennis Leahy, a well-known young man
of Sweetland, Nevada County, aeed 23
years, committed suicide this morning by
taking strychnine.
He left a note bidding his friends good
by and requesting them to take care of his
doc. -- ..:
The cause was despondency occasioned
by cards and drink.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 189 G.
TRUCKEE'S ICELAND
Two Thousand Persons
at th ) Carnival
Yesterday.
NOTED GUESTS PRESENT.
Two Excursion Trains and Eoth
Were Filled to Over
flowing.
CONCESSION OF THE RAILWAY CO.
Mountain Band on Hand, Led by Dr.
George Towle, the Lumber
Magnate.
TRLTKEE. Cat,, Jan. 12.— Fully 2000
people witnessed the sights of the ice car
nival to-day.
Excursion train arrived from all direc
tions, each bringing from seventy-five to
;iOO people, ea?er to see the promised at
tractions.
The first excursion arrived at 6:30 this
morning attached to the eastbound over
land train. Among the prominent people
in this party were Sam Miller, gen
eral tourist passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific; Master Mechanic
Fmall of Sacramento; Assistant Division
Superintendent Jones, Passenger Agent
MeCord, J. p. Meehan and wife, ,T. 11.
Scott and wife, J. S. Speer and wife, C. S.
Benedict and wife, Mr. McMurray, J. L.
Hawks, W. 11. Mentoti, Q. W. Lippinger.
S. H. Dan : e!s, A. B. Moulder, W. B.
Winford, M. A. Newell, T. M.
Pennell, Edith Bass, Mrs. Abby Jennings,
Mrs. S. A. Judson, Pearl Judson, Bert-
Benedict, H. D. Hawkes, G. M. Wilde, 11.
11. Taylor and S. H. Taylor, all of San
Francisco.
There were four Pullman carloads of
them, and they came from San Francisco,
S:m Jose, Stockton, Sacramento, and a
large number were from the southern part
of the State.
At 1 o'clock a second excursion party
arrived, and this special train was com
posed of live local coaches, comfortably
filled with people. By actual count 209
persons were aboard, and not a few were
from Grass Valley, Nevada City, Colfai
and Marysville.
To add to the life of this narty Towle's
band, composed of twenty-live pieces, ac
companied them, and as the train pulled
into the station the band struck up the
National air of "Columbia."
This band is led by George Towle, the
lumber magnate, and is composed of men
in his own employ. To their credit it
mu«t be said that their music was superior
to that of most mountain bands. Fifty
people accompanied the band from Towles.
Among those who came on this train
were: George Towle and wife; Al Pmith,
manager of Towle's store, accompanied by
family; 11. C. Kinney and wife, Joseph
Smart, Frank Ketchum.all of Towles: Don
Cottrell, an attorney from Grass Valley;
William Bray. Thomas Rogers, George
Murphy, H. C. Calahan, also of < ira--^ Val
ley : Dr. Hanna, Walter Stokes, .1. B. .Toost
and a number of others from Sacramento.
The Truckee Band was at the station to
meet the trains and it seemed as though
all Truckee turned out to greet the stran
gers.
Many extra sleighs were called into
requisition for the accommodation of the
visitors and the rouds were excellent for
this amusement.
There were at least 200 people among the
crowd to-day who had never seen snow be
fore, and the way they pelted each other
wiih snowballs and reveled in it was good
evidence of their delight.
The time passed much too quickly for
these people. At 3 o'clock the tooting of
horns and jingle of sleigh bell* attracted
the attention of the people to a long line
of sleighs coming down the Boca road.
This proved to be John McDonald, and
almost the whole population of that small
but prosperous place.
They drove into town, their sleighs
gavly decorated in carnival colors and
carrying banners with such inscriptions as :
"No bubbles in our ice," "Our ice is
clean," and other similar ones.
They resembled a Fourth of July parade
as they inarched and countermarched
through town. In all about one hundred
came with this party.
Information leaked out to-day that the
Coupons would not be sold with railroad
excursion tickets hereafter, and that a3 a
consequence the railroau company would
make a much greater reduction in the
rate< of travel to the Carnival.
This will allow people the privilege of
seeing the Carnival without being com
pelled to pay the cost of seeing the entire
list of attractions.
Applications still come to the manage
ment asking them to set apart special
days. The volunteer firemen will prob
ably be granted a day in the near future.
The Native Sons will celebrate on the
25th inhi. and the Knights of Pythias on
Friday, January 17. Fireworks and illumi
nations on the rocking-stone tower is the
chief feature of to-night's entertainment.
SAN QUINTIN MURDERER
Gambles Away His Property and
Then Shoots His
Wife.
He Renders Partial Reparation by
Turning the Gun on
Himself.
SAN PIEGO, Cal., Jan. 12.— Details of a
murder and suicide at Santo Domingo,
Lower California, were received to-day by
the steamer Pacheco, which arrived from
San Quintin.
A courier arrived there Thursday with a
letter from Manuel Maytorel, Justice of
the Peace of Santo Domingo, saying that
the bodies of nis brother Joaquin and the
latters wife, Isabel, had been found side
by side, with a bullet-hole through the
head of each.
In Joaquin's hand was a revolver, ana
all the chickens, dogs and horses on the
place had been shot.
The case was not investigated closely by
the neighbors, but it apoeared to be clearly
a case of murder and tmicide on Joaquin's
part.
He was of a violent temper and ad
dicted to drink. Some days ago he at
tended a fiesta at San Telmo and gambled
away all his property. His wife was with
him, and as she was a pretty girl she at
tracted much attention and made him
frantically jealous.
He was robbed of his watch and money.
An investigation after the finding of the
bodies showed that . l oaquin in his frenzy
bad killed every living thins upon the
place, winding: np his bloody work by
shooting his wife several times and put
ting a bullet through his own brain. The
Judge at San Quintin and a couple of doc
tors went to the place to hold an inquest.
During Wednesday nipht a number of
shots were heard coming from his house,
but no attention was paid to them, as he
frequently shot at coyotes.
WORK Or MEXICAN COVItTS.
Important VrHoners Brimj lujturnrrs to
Hear That Are Powerful.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 12.— Seymour j
Jackson of Ensenada, the young English- I
man who was arrested last March for the
aheged robbery of $3000 from Godbe &
Co.'s Bank, of which he was cashier, has
been released on orders of the Appellate
Court of the City of Mexico.
There was never the slightest proof that
he was guilty, but the Ensenada .ludge !
kept him in jail six months, part of the i
time releasing him, however, on $15,000
bail through the efforts of influential j
friends in the British Foreign Otlice.
In November Jackson was| sentenced to '
serve six years and nine months in prison i
and pay a fine of $1041, or serve 100 days
additional.
He secured funds from England and ap- i
pealed the case, with the result that the
decision was overruled, his- sentence re- '
27
SECTION OF THF COLUMBIA TARGET ADOPTED BY TIIK COLUMBIA
PISTOL AND RIFLE CLUB. REDUCED FROM 2t> INCHES DIAMETER.
yoked and the fine remitted, and orders
given for his immediate release.
Pratt and Garratt, also of English na
tionality, who have tn-pn confined in the
same jail since April on the charge of
stealing the $12,800 gold brick from River
oil & Co.'s oiiice, now have hopes that they
Will be released.
The Judge handling their case, Guerrero
Y. Perraa, is the man who sentenced Jack
son, and it is probable that he will be re
moved from ollice. lie refused to
give Pratt a trial or release him
within six months as required by
Mexican law, and has been guilty of
many illegal acts and insults to Americans
and other foreigners, including the stop
page of basinet in his court.
The officer who had Garratt in charge
when the latter attempted to escape some
days ago iias been placed in solitary con
finement.
HEALDSBURG FISHERMEN
They Are Arrested by Commis
sioner Babcock While
Seining.
Several Arrests Are Expected to Fol
low and There Is Much
Speculation.
HEALDSBURG, Cm... Jan. 12.— Pish
Commissioner Babcock made quite a haul
yesterday when he arrested Al Duncan,
William King, Fred Rice and N. Fore
man, all prominent residents of this place,
for illegal fishing.
The men were seining salmon in Rus
sian Kiver about four miles below tin's
city and had captured about one hundred
fish when the Commissioner swooped
down upon them.
The seine used was of large size, the
rushes being small, however, and many
small tish were taken.
These, however, had been returned to
the stream.
After placing the offenders under arrest
the olhcer returned all the salmon but
three to the stream. These, with the
seine, he brought to town to use as evi
dence against the accused.
It is said that several more arrests will
follow for the same offense, and it is be
lieved in this city that Mr. Babcock has
been patrolling the stream for some days
getting names.
The arrests have caused much talk.
At this season of the year the Russian
River and its tributaries are alive with
salmon, and the majority of people are
pleased to see that their destruction is
being prevented. All the men are out on
bail.
liVM;s ix a. TRELE,
Thi-tl Were Those of a Large Cliinatna-n
Who Had lieen Dead for Tears.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 12.— As four
young men were cutting wood about two
miles from Folsora yesterday they com
menced to cut down a hollow tree about
three feet in diameter.
"When it was about half cut down a hu
man thighbone rolled out of the cavity,
followed shortly afterward by a skull.
They were scared ana ran to Folsom.but
returned with other persons and the bones
were taken tnere and buried.
They proved to be those of a large China
man, a queue about eight inches long re
maining on the skull. As the only hole
in the tree was about twelve feet from the
ground, it is a mystery as to how he got
into the tree. "
The bones were dry and white and had
evidently been in the tree for a great many
years.
Drowned in a JCeservoir.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 12.— Henry
Webber, a well-known youne man of Fol
som, was drowned in a reservoir near
there yesterday.
He was subject to fits and it is supposed
that he was overtaken by one while wading
out to get a duck he had" killed, and. being
unable to help himself, was drowned.
An inquest was held and a verdict of ac
cidental drowning was rendered.
LEAD FLEW LIKE HAIL
Splendid Scores Made by Rifle
men at the Shell Mound
Range.
THE NEW COLUMBIA TARGET.
Pistol and Rifle Shooters Greatly
Pleased With F. 0. Young's
New Production.
From early yesterday morning until as
late as the targets cculd be seen the crack
of rifles kept up a merry din at the Shell
Mound shooting range. The conditions
were remarkably coor for good scores, a
heavy haze hanging over the entire Berke
ley shore, and the wind, beins* from the
north, blew the smoke back into the marks
men's faces.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club was
out in full force. The principal interest
was centered in the new target originated
by Fred 0. Young, which was adopted by
the club. It is strictly an American target
and tbo«e who did not have a chance to
during the experimental period were
anxious to see what they could do upon it
with rifle and pistol for it is adapted
equally to both.
The Columbia target is a decided de
parture from all other targets in several
particulars. In the first place the count is
reversed, starting from the unit in the
center, whereas in other ring: targets an
arbitrary number is t>laced in the center
of the bullseye. In order\Jo pet the inch
as the unit of value the half-inch lines
have been adopted.
This makes the diameter of the inner
circle, or center ring, one inch. This gives
two values to the figures, the diameter
value in inches and the distance from the
center in half niche?. On being shown by
the marker a 1, 2, .t or 4 the marksman
knows that his builet has struck within
a 1.2. 3or 4 inch circle. He also knows
the distance of each bullet from the center
in half inches. These circles are carried
as high as 26, the outer circle being 26
inches in diameter, or 18 inches from the
center. Thus tbe total of a string of shot 9
is the approximate string measure in half
F. O. Young, the Originator of the Colum
bia Target.
[From a photograph.]
inches. The total divided by the number
of shots shows the average size of the cir
i eje in inches. A score of 10 shots, total 4."),
! shows that the marksman has an average
; of a 4.5 inch circle.
i To express Creed more points on the Co
lumbia target the rule is very simple. Be
tween 1 and 8 Columbia Is s Crerdmore.
Between 8 and 'Jt; Columbia is 4 Creed more
I and outside is a '■> Creedinore, at 200 yards.
j The same size target un be used at shorter
: ranges. At 100 yard'; the 4 Columbia is
I the 5 Creedmore. At 50 yards the 2is the
.">, at 25 yards the 1 is "the 5 Creedmore.
This does away with the necessity of re
ducing targets for shorter ranges* A. 12
--inch black disk or bullseye is used, but its
; use is principally for the convenience of
; the eye, and not an object upon which to
! base computation.
' To ;be thoroughly American, another
innovation was made. When snooting on
the point target and a center, or 25, was
made, the marker waved a red Hag. No
; red flag waves in front of the Columbia
target when a center is announced. It is
the 5-tars and stripes.
It had been decided to offer cash prizes
to the marksmen getting the flag for the
hrst and last center shot in the pistol and
rifle targets. Dr. Rodgers made toe first
! center on the rifle in the morning, and V.
O. loungthe last in the afternoon. On
the pistol target Young made the lirst
center and Charles M. Dai.-s the last.
On the pisiol range the first centers
i were made by F. Dennis of Mount Eden
I and Al Gehret. but they were shoot
; ing practice scores instead of record scores,
• or they would have made something in
; their centers. A iarge number of centers
j or ones were made during the day on all
i the Columbia targets. The new 'targets
i were unanimously declared to be a success,
| and every marksman was satisfied that
ne obtained the full value of every shot.
The following scores were made on the
rifle range :
pnfred diamond medal and cash, three shots,
Rll comers-F. O. Young 12, D. w. McLaughlln
15, Dr. Rodgers 15, \V. Glindemann 13, A. B.
arr U 19, AH. Pape 24, J. B. Gorman ' 32, E
Jacobsen 24, A. Gehret 31.
Champion class, ten shots— D. W. McLaugh
lin 56, A. K. Tape 79, Dr. Rodgers 84, P. !
Bohr 96.
First class, ten shots— ll. R. Crane 80. A. B.
Darrell 88, A. Gehret 10(i, G. Schultz 109, J. E. !
Klein 129, F. Baumgartner 134.
Second class, ten shots— A. JI. Kennedy 94,
O. A. Bremer 103, .1. E. Gorman 112, E. Jacob
sen 119, G. M. Barley 125, G. Manuel 138, M.
J. White 160, A. H. Ilesse 170, F. Dennis IG7,
W. V. Unfiedl44.
Pistol range, all comers, medal and cash
prizes, three shots— C. M. Daiss 9, A. H. Pape
9, .1. B. Gorman 10, F. O. Young 10, Dr. L. v
Rodgers 11, E. Jucobsen 13.
Champion class, ten shots — A. 11. Pape 43, F.
O. Young 45. Ed llovey 4!>. C. M. Daiss 59. J. '
K. Gorman (>l.
First class, ten shots— M. J. White 59, Dr. L.
O. Rodgers 50, D. W. McLaughlin 59, F. Baum-"
gartner74, F. Dennis 84.
.Second class, ten shots— E. Jacobsen 75, G.
M. Barley 85, A. Fetz 94, \\. Glindeniann 98, ,
A. 11. Hesse 106, L. Zimmermann 109. — Un
rred 110, A. 11. Kennedy 119, W. E. Lawrence
14' J.
It must be remembered that these scores I
are computed from the center, j>o. 1, and j
not from the outer edge of the circle
toward the center, No. 25, as on the ring
target.
The military marksmen of Companies 0
and G, the old Nationals, opened their
season's shoot for medals, and as these
take great pride in their proficiency with
the riile, they came out in goodly num
bers. They made the following scores: .
P. Newman 37, W. G. Sparrowe 30, G. T. j
Phelps 34. M.A. Fromeiit 37, E. P. Phillips 22.
C. P. Hirst 32, C. G. Larson 38. P. A. i.aison 39. j
W. Menzell 32, J. F. Norton 4">, Thomas Mc- |
Gilvery 28, V. F. Northrop 33, W. L. Unfred
43, M. A. Harris (j, T. J. Povey 41, R. A. Hol
combe 27, C. B. Rushmer 24, C. E. Goodell Si),
G. i:. Law ton 20, A. Martin 10, A. S. Hat- I
field 41, V. R. Bury 35, J. R. Barrickio
44, W. G. Walkei 15, W. L. Fcnn 11.
G. W. Simtnie 40, R. J. Dowdall 40, J. A. Gilhs j
27, A. R. Vaughn 40, W. N. Swasey 37, F, R. |
Taggard 27, D. E. Lawton 38, A. H. Kennedy
38, J. N. Rosa 38, V. Anderson 35, 11. Dep- ;
pen 33, A. E. Anderson 45, T. Sparrowe 3S, J. ;
Switzer 22, 11. Eddy 29, W. liarkin 44, T.
O'Connell 37, 11. T. H'ieks 38, F. J. Mitchell 18, ,
H. J. Musgrare 42, C. E. Macy 42, 0. Thomp
son 44, J. Christie 37, J. Smithson 42, G. Petty !
33, M. Lane 36, 11. 11. Morris 24, P. Diers 43, F.
Lansing 24, P. Butt 40, a. Kamus 33, D. -*.
Couroy 37, J. Ritter 40, C. F. Waltham 42, P.
Bohr 46, J. Dumbrell 45, E. C. SutliSe4s.il.
T. Hesselmeyer 34.
Company X of the First Regiment is one
of the most energetic in the line of practice, ;
and when there are no regular events on i
the members shoot just to keep their hand }
in. Yesterday these scores were made in
a practice shoot:
F. Amark 44, Wieder 23, Bush 38, Schmalz
38, Meyers 39, L. Mayer 38, Captain Cunning
ham 42, Lieutenant C. YV. Seeley 45, J. Ross 43, !
G. M. Barley 43, P. Brunotte 43, J. Utschig 41, j
J. G. Hardie 39, Anderson 42, Helms 37.
In the first division of the Naval Battal-j
ion there was a lively competition for the I
medals offered by Smith "and the Huber j
brothers. A. .Linderman was the fortu- \
nate marksman, winning both medals on j
a score of 43. The scores made stood:
A. Linderman 43, 11. Harris 41, G. Kearney j
40, J. Beattie 39, P. Toussaint 39, O. Smith 38,
J. Cappelman 37, T. Sewell 3<>, Drojrniund 35, |
C. Allen 35, E. Allen 34, J. Quinlan 32, E. Ricu
31, G. Ureen 31, Murphy 30, Corliss 27, E. Sew
ell 24, Bulleth 23.
The monthly medal shoot of the Inde- !
pendent Rilles resulted in these scores: j
J. 11. Kuhlke 37. A. Beckmann 21, C. Korn- \
beck 30, I". M. Zeiaing 41, C. Lindeckei 36, 11. i
Stande 42, J. Staude Jr. 20. H. Beversen 43, H. j
Schlichtmann 34, P. Stademann 36.
The opening shoot of the season of sev
eral German sharpshooter clubs brought i
out the line rifle marksmen in Jarge nura- j
bers, and in their section every target was |
in use all day. The clubs, winners and
scores were as follows:
San Francis-co Schuetzen Verein monthly i
medal score— Champion class medal, \\ . Gliri- |
dermann.434 rings; first class. P. F. Schuster, '
410; third class, J. Thode, 395; fourth class, ;
11 Bnrfelnd, 399. First best shot. W. Glinder- :
mann, 25; last best shot. J. Thode, 25.
Germania Schuetzen Verein, i ihly medal :
—Champion class, Dr. L. O. Kcdgers, 444 I
rings . iirst class. G. Alpers, 410; third class, !
H. Ilellburg, 421; fourth c\h.<>-. W. Garmes. ;
344. First best shot, P. P. Schuster, 25; last
best shot, A. Mocker, 25.
Nord Deutscher Schuetzen Verein, monthly
bnllseye shoot— B. Giindermann 233, 11. Hell-;
burg 240 a. Mocker 201, J. Peters 304, E.
Thode 406, G. Alpers 469, 11. Huber 701, .1
GefJcen9o9, 11. Stelling, 909%. D. Vonder
mehden, 1032, F. Schuiter 1084, A. F. Meyer
1087. .
AMATEUR BASEBALL.
The Pacifies Defeat th« Olympics at
Central Park.
The baseball matcn at Central Park
yesterday afternoon between the Olympics j
and Pacifies attracted a fair-sized audience, j
The game was marked by no particularly '
brilliant plays, but Pequigney of the
Pacifies made a record which is unique.
Five'times he got his base on balls, and
each time he succeeded in scoring a run.
The Pacifies won the game by the score
of 11 to S. They got a start of Gin the hrst
three innings which the Olympics were
unable to overcome, although in the ;
fonrth inning they were only one l>ehmd.
Following was the score:
cM.VMl'irs. A.B. K. U.ir. S.B. P.O. A. J..
Moiialian. s. s 5 14 14 3]
Powers, lb -i o o v 9 o o
Mi:,--. 3 b 5 0 112 11
( i . H. c 5 1 1 II 1 4 0
Krag, p 5 'J 1 0 !i -t 0
Beckett., 2 b 5 1 2. 0 5 1 a
(iimmeli, 1. f 4 1 0 O 0 0 0
Coscrove, r. f 4 il 1 o a U 0
Murphy, c. t 4 0 0 0 'J 1 o
Totals 41 H 10 2 27 14 4
PA( 11 US. A.B. K. B.ir. S.B. P.O. A. X
fney, 3 b 0 5 O 1 S 4 1
I .'■ •i.!\>:iy. C. f 5 O '_' l> 7 1 (»
lliin'.y. 2b., 4 12 0 4 10
Lane, 1 t> 5 1117 11
\ iM.s.r.f 5 O U 0 0 0 0
Walters. L f 5 1 - ») 1 0 1
Kennedy, s. s 3, 0 10 0 2 1
Stanley, C 5 2 2 0 6 11
McCarty, p 4 1 0 1 o 0 0
Totals 156 11 10 3 27 10 5
RUNS XV INNINGS.
Olympics 0 00501110—8
Pacifies 4 2 0 3 0 10 1 0-11
Two-base lilts— Monahan. Green, Beckett. Krug
Walters, Stanley, Lang. Struck oat— By Mc
carty, 4: by Km;;. 3. Sacrifice hits— Keckett and
Lane. Base on balls— Olympics 8, Pncifics 10
Double plays-Murphy to .Beckett, Monahan to
Beckett to Monahan. Earnrd runs— Olympics 2
Pucilicsl. I ' rr.pl re— J. McDonald. Scorer— George
Mc'Comb. Time of game, 1 hour and 35 minutes.
NEW TO-DAY.
BRAIN_FOODS.
A Delusion and a Snare.
It is strange that so many brain-workers
and thinkers— people who might be ex-
pected to be not easily imposed upon—
throw away their money 0:1 so-called
"brain foods" and "brain invigorators''
as if that most intricate and mysterious or-
gan could be "fed" or affected in such a
direct way.
It is preposterous!
The condition of the brain— its capacity
for work— depends on the general physical
condition — particularly of the digestion
system, which includes a long chain of or-
gans and functions.
The sedentary habits of brain-workers
debilitate this machinery of nutrition.
xNuture needs assistance— v gentle, healthy
stimulant.
Peruvian P>it:ers are far and away above
anything ever offered for this purpose.
Their beneficial effects are simply wonder-
ful, rheir great eriicacy lies in the com-
bination—the world-famous Peruvian Bark
with other valuable herbs in tine old Cali-
fornia Brandy. Peruvian Bitters are the
greatest of tonics; gently stimulating di-
gestion without creating a morbid appetite
for stimulants; toning up the entire svs-
tera, quickening all vital functions, dfiv-
ine out malarial ooisons, and producing
euch a physical condition that all faculties
are at their best and health is unaffected
by tne ordinary irregularities, exposures
and overwork that even the most careful
cannot avoid.
Mack & Co., San Francisco. All drue-
gista and dealers.
"KNOWLEDGE IS FOLLY UNLESS PUT
TO USE." YOU KNOW
SAPOLIO ?
THEN USE IT.
Don't measure agpa
'I 8y,,!
THE GREAT HUDYANI
MARVELOUS HUDYAN!
Will Do For You
Just What You Wish.
Your measure in lifewill.be full and com-
plete. HUDYAN cures certain cases of liver
and kidney affections. Cures nervous exhaus-
tion, nervous debility and nearly all nervous
troubles. You can only get the Great HUDYAN*
from the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Send for Circulars and Testimonials
FREE.
TAINTED BLOOD- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores arid falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
• LIVER-Wlien your liver Is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that yon really have and many that you really
do-not have. You need a Rood liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many nibn live rapia
lives— up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys aria how to make tb.9
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
. .-- - -— '• - ■■■■- ■■■■.-
SAX FRAXCISCO, CAL.
<^ SFA "-c <y _,
if* Jw \ *
DOGTQR SWEANY.
ITIAKE THIS ADVICE AWD YOU WILL IN-
J_ deed be sate: Have you beeu foolish and
nursed a private disease, hoping that nature
would cure it, instead of seeking good treat-
ment? Have you committed follies that you
are ashamed to own to, aud which are draining
your vital forces hourly? If so why not co to
the one person on earth that
YOU KNOW
Will give you help? Your secret is safe in his
keepins. your health will certainly be restored,
and you can go back to your work with ■ good
heart and a efear conscience. Every private
disease of both sexes is promptly and satisfac-
torily cured, for Dr. Sweany has spent a life-
time in the study of these peculiar ailments.
Lost manhood unfailingly restored. Treat-
ment by mail is always successful. Write if
you can't call.
Office hours— 9 a. m. to 12 m. ; 2 to 5 and 7 to
Bp. m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only.
T, 1.. SWKANY. fli.l>.,
?37 Market Street, S. F.
THESUOCESSOFTHE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
| Orjß.\ NTIIi 3IIDNIGHT.
BIKTEIf/VC
TSTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
X eyea and fit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with instruments of his own invention, wboii
■uperiority has rot been equaled, ily saccew ttu
been due to the merits of my worls.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4 i. v.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the
sexual aud urinary organs of both sexes, and a
preat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blarl-
der. A great Restorative, lnvigoratorand Nervine,
Sills on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary.
NABJCB, ALFS & r.KINK. V K *i.t.
333 Market >t.. S. !•'.— (send for Circular.)
THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TEfRAI
OF THE rur.AX SCHOOL, AT 21-j-t CALl-
fornla street, will b<?Kin on MONDAY 'Jan. 6
1896. Mr. C. Brier will begin his lectures on Phy-
sics early in the coming year. A department for
very young boys ill be adili>d to the school.
.NAiiiAN w. MOOKE, PricnlpaL
■ ■DR. BROWN TALKS
TO HIS PEOPLE
He Earnestly Requests That
They Suspend Judg
ment.
ACCEPT HIM AS HE IS.
Apologizes for His Appearance,
but Offers No Word of
Explanation.
MRS. DAVIDSON IS CONTENTED.
Alleged Lengthy Conference Between
Miss Overman, Mrs. Tunnell
and the Pastor.
Brown, pastor of the First Congre
nal Church, appearoi in the anom
rday of a man apologizing
irirae which he will neither deny
: in the very next breath
i his hearers for a suspension
His audience appeared willing enough
_:.i:it so reaa • request, vet they
■>.„• how long it
would be before that judgment, favorable
given an oppor
r< rd .
While Dr. Bi is exhorting his
pulpit of the First Con
il Church to hearken to the
:n and truth as found in
thirty-first verse of the fortieth
• r ■ Isaiah, and incidentally excus
. imself, Mr<. Davidson, the woman
isible for his present uncomfortable
in, as viewed by the public, was
sineing hymns and reading psalms at the
Branch County Jail.
The prisoner »a< in a happy frame of
mind yesterday when seen by a Call re
porter. She is inclined to view her pres
ent surroundings as the work of man and
devil, and is confident that the Lord will
.^low her to languish any longer in
prison than is absolutely necessary to ac
complish his own ends. This she construes
g the downfall of her reverend
itor.
■'My commitment was nothing more
than I expected," she said yesterday.
"Had the preliminary hearing 'been con
ducted before any otner Judge. I would
now L) 3 a free woman receiving the con
-of my friends instead of lan
t-11 the four walls of a
''• ■;: I am not in the least discour
by the biased opinion of Judge
Campbell. Tbank God, there is a higher
couri than a mere police magistrate, and
Mill another greater than any earthly tri
buna'. Should Justice be blinded by l in-
e 1 here beiow, 1 have no fear of my
te reward.
"I see that Dr. Brown preached to-day.
I am greatly surprised at this, for it seems
to me that the man s natural modesty
; h.ive prompted him to demand a
b investigation before again appear
ing in the pulpit. Suppose, by way of ;ir
t, rluit lie has not been fruUty of
criminal intimacy with Martha Overman
— and it has not been denied up to the
present time — the mere intimation of such
. iuld be an effectual barrier to
ministerial work until the charge was
; to the bottoiP. Outside of this,
is the Stockton episode, and heaven
only knows hov\- many more of similar na
"His action to-day reminds me of sonie
_ that occurred at my old country
. years and years ago. We had "a
little bantam cock that could crow louder
and longer than any rooster in the neieh
d. It was a habit of his to wait
until the other cocks had sent forth their
morning notes and then lie would burst
into one long appeal that could be heard
for miles around. One morning the
neighboring roosters rung the echoes with
their shrill awakening notes and then it
came the turn of our little bantam. As
Bpry a a a lark he hopped on a convenient
bough and sent fort!) such a cock-a-doodie
doo as was never heard before. It was the
effort of his life, however, for the next
moment he toppled over dead.
"Well, that is just the way it is with Dr.
Brown. He has gained a temporary vic
tory and now he is crowing over it fa tbe
vain hope that the people will lose sight of
the' charges resting acainst him. Until
an investigation is made or he courts an
inquiry his every appearance in the pulpit
of the First Congregational Church weak
ens nis cai;-
There has just come to the surface a
matter which Attorney (Gallagher thinks
may have some bearing on the arrest of
his client. It is an alleged conference be
tween Dr. Brown, Miss Overman and Mrs.
Tunnel!, which took place at the Cosmo
politan Hotel, Saturday, December 2l, just
one week prior to toe arrest of Mrs. David-
About 6:30 o'clock December 20 Miss
Overman called at the C srnopolitan
]lotel and after some parleying engaged a
room for a iady friend, iShe registered the
name of Mrs. Tunnel] and then left, tak
ing the key to the room with her. Just
what hour Mrs. Tunnell came in is not
known, but that she was accompanied by
Miss Overman there seems to be littfe
doubt.
The next morning (Saturday) about 10
o'clock it is claimed that Dr. Brown
called and was in conference with the two
ladies until after 12 o'clock. Of course just
what occurred at that meeting will prob
ably never be known, but Gallagher pro
poses to rind out if possible.
'1 would not like to state under oath,"
aai-i the clerk of the Cosmopolitan Hotel
} t-Mcrday, "that it was Miss Overman who
t-ngaged the room, yet I am morally confi
dent it 'vas she. There was some argu
im-ut over the price, the jronng lady ihially
paying To cents, with the understanding
that or>ly one person was to occupy tin.
room. when Mrs. Tunnell came in Ido
not know, but she was accompanied by the
young lady who engaged the room. 1 pre-
Himc they both occupied it tnat nigh:.
The Met morning a gentleman called, and
lie was closeted with them for two or three
liu'.irs. I have since learned that this" man
is Dr. Brown, who now claims that he is
the ictim of a blackmailer."
The nopolitan house is where Mrs.
B::ilflin. concerning whose identity and
existence there is mnch doubt, lived when
ishe approached Mrs. Davidson. At least
that in the story told by the Jatter, but she
has not been corroborated as yet. The
prisoner is conlident that the conference
took place between Dr. Brown, Miss Over
man and Mrs. TurTnell, and further it was
then and there agreed to place the matter
in the hands of the police.
" As a fact," she adds, "it was given over
to Captain Lees on the following Monday,
culminating in my arrest just one week
fier the conference."
Attorney Gallagher is thoroughly indig
nant at wiiat he considers "unjust" treat
ment at the hands of Judge Campbell, and
■-ay?, tic is confident the Superior Court
will deal more leniently with his client.
"I am confident," he said yesterday,
"that the upper court will allow me to go
into any and every thing that reflects on
J»r. Brown's character, or, in fact, any
thing reflecting on the church in eencral.
There are many scandals connected with
that institution, and 1 propose to have
tbe§ exploited bejore the public. 4l> «
well known, Dr. Brown is mixed up in
other disgraceful affairs besides this, and
I am not surprise-l that he should en
deavor to distract public gaze from him
self by throwing mud on others. He is
backed by influential members of the
church, and 1 rather think the searchlight
of truth and justice will fall on them be
fore a preat while."
Dr. Brown occupied the pulpit of the
First Congregational Church again last
night, taking as nis subject "Beethoven. "
DR. BROWN PREACHES.
His Sermon an Apoloery for Appear
ing In the Pulpit and aPleafor
Suspension of Judgment.
Rev. Dr. C. 0. Brown occupied the pul
pit of the First Congregational Church
yesterday and conducted the services as
heretofore. He utilized his sermon as a
combination apology and plea— apology
for appearing in the pulpit under the pe
culiar existing circumstances and plea for
a suspension of judgment on him until
such time as he or his congregation might i
think it advisable to hold an investigation
of the charges m.ide by Mrs. M. A. David
son, the alleged blackmailer.
There was a well-filled auditorium, com
prising a large number of strangers, drawn
thither in evident expectation of hearing
Something bearing on the great scandal.
Dr. Brown opened the services by an
nouncing the hymn in a clear, linn voice.
After prayer and another hymn he read
from a memorandum various announce
ments of meetings in the church during
the week and then began his sermon,
■ choosing as his text the ihirty-iirst verse
from the fortieth chapter of Isaiah, as fol
lows :
But they that wait upon the Lord shall re
new their strencth; they shall mount up with
win?s as eagles; they shall run, nnd not be
weary, and they shall walk and not laiut.
All Scripture, he claimed, was based on
the actual experience of mankind. "I
want you to follow me in the philosophy
of the text 1 nave chosen," he said. "We
are to wait upon the Lord in the time of
our trials, not necessarily in idleness. But
sometimes it may mean "just that. When
you come to see you are s-urrounded with
evil, it is noi for you to rebel. You need
not try to build a bridge when, liKe the
Israelites of old, you come to a Red Sea.
ait. There are strange experiences in
all our lives that compare with that Red
Bea. There are more camps of the Egyp
tians than those that were overwhelmed
in the Red Sea.
Sdch trials are for a divine purpose. All
one can do is to wait after one has done
his best. Let him repeat from Scripture :
"They that wait shall renew * their
strength:
He then cited Joseph and the "vile
charges" that were brought against him,
and his subsequent victory and triumph
over his enemies. David, Ahab, Paul and
Daniel were referred to as having had sim
ilar experiences, as having borne their
| troubles with courage, fortitude and pa
j tience, and endeavoring during the period
I they were under a cloud to do good to their
I fellow-men. He continued:
These men had not rebelled against God.
j They continued in patience and silence. They
recognized these things were of divine crea- j
tion, and they waited and renewed their
strength, and In God's time their bonds broke
I and they came fortn triumphant.
Darkness is upon the deep, but the ship has
not gone down. Keep your hand upon the !
helm. We are to wait upon the Aimlghty and
wait with prayers.
At every stage of the journey of life there are
pitfalls and there is many a victory in pa
lience. I quite agree witri Mrs. Browning.who
in one of her great poems says: "1 work will:
| patience, which is always power."
Other great examples of the exercise of
patience and subsequent great victories
wore then cited, his closing words being:
"They that wait upon the Lord shall re
; new their strength."
When the pastor left the pulpit at the
I close of the services many of the congrega
-1 tion came forward to jrreet him, and thus
. tactfully express their confidence in him —
ladies and gentlemen alike. .But in the
J fnces and manners of most could be dis
| covered that excebs of cordiality that indi
| cated the unuttered but oppressive sense
of something to be ignored. Tnia ovet
done geniality was particularly noticeable
in the pastor himself.
One of the male members of the congre
gation was inclined to be too sparing of
the pastor's power of fortitude and failed
to rest his eyes full upon the clergyman's
face. But the quick perception and" adroit
tact of the doctor uid not fail him, despite
the group of ladies and gentlemen who
surrounded him. -'Look me squarely in
the eyes," he distinctly and quite dramat
ically admonished hi 3 diffident friend; j
and the latter did so. ,
An attempt was made to interview the
doctor after his greetings were over, but
he fled into his study, remarking that he
was under orders not to talk for publica
tion. It was desired to ask him if he had
determined to nsk for an investigation,
and if so when it was to take place. Sev
eral of the prominent members of his con
gregation have signified their determina
tion to ask for an investigation should the
pastor not anticipate them, and in justice
to the reverend eentleman it was deemed
proper under the circumstances to give
him the opportunity of announcing to the
i public his proposed course in the matter.
He was found aaain later in the ante
room to the Sunday-school room, but be
fore any question could be put to him he i
dashed into a group of ladies, and, not de
sirine to unnecessarily embarrass the
preacher by asking pointed questions in
the presence of his lady parishioners, the
interviewer discreetly desisted. t
AN INSURANCE SWINDLER.
A Nebraska Correspondent Tells
Something: of Mrs. Davidson's
Eastern Record.
Dr. Brown has received the follow
ing communication, which he has
turned over to Captain Lees. It is
presumed that from this letter Attorney
Lloyd received the "tips" which enabled
the prosecution to bring out much dam
aging evidence againt Mrs. Davidson:
Jll'mphkey, Xebr., Jen. 5, 189 G. •
Dr. C. 0. Brown, First Congregational Church,
San Francisco— Dear Sib: Tnree days ngo I re
ceived a letter from A. \V. Illhon, In which he
Informed me of your present trouble with a
blackmailer, Mr«. Davidson. He wished me to
intorm him at once whether that could be the
same woman to whose wiles I became a victim
in an insurance scheme 6be had In. Albany, N.
V., in 1884 or 1885. I wired him immediately
the following message:
I'ndoubtcdly the same womnn. Picture in Al
bany rosrueV 'ggtlery. Will write.
He wired back an answer, but did not say he
would tnke the message to you, and out of fear
that the information may come too late 1 ad
dress this letter to you in hope it might be of
some value to you. "
This woman's name when she swindled me
out of $28 was Mrs. Mary Sturgis. She had
; been in Albany quite a while beiore I became
licr victim, and had endeared herself to lead-
Ing church people by her work in prayer
meetingx, Sunday-schools and \V. ('. T. U.
work. The iir>-t time I saw her was nt a
womnn'h suffrage society of which I was a
member, and she was introduced as Mrs.
Sturgis. She spoke to us of Christ and repent
aiice, and conducted- by representing herself
as an agent of a woman's insurnnce company
of New York, and wanted us to insure with
her. Some time or other she had little slips
with explanations about insurance, which she
distributed among us. Not long after this she
called on me at my residence, st>3 Clinton
avenue, where w« were in business. She had
a woman with her by the nnme of Mrs. Ayers
(afterward anested lor attempt to poison her
husband). Bhe talked so sensible about her
firm and presented everything so favorably
that I concluded to take out a policy for $3000,
premium $28, which she said included the net
assessment.
A couple of days after I received the policy
which she brought nerself, and after handing
me the. policy/which afterward proved fraudu
lent, she told me she had other serious ques
tions to ask me, and tnat was whether 1 was
insured with our Lord Jesus Christ. I told her
that as I was in business I had made it a prac
tice never lo talk religion with any one and
could not see what that had to do with the
policy she handed me. She was seemingly
very aiuch shocked at my answer and left
shortly after with thiß ■, same woman who was
with her on her first visit. A few days after I
received a letter with call for remittance of $5,
first assessment. I immediately wrote that t
had paid Mrs. Sturgis $28, including iirst as
bessment.
A ebon time alter tUis sho was arrested on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1896.
Beason street and her past life exposed in thr
Albany papers. .She was old in crime even
then and had passed under different names.
One, I believe, was Abbott, the other 1 have
forgotten.
Bne' bad not only swindled people with her
Insurance company, but had also swindled
musical instrument dealers out of 'arge sum*.
Sh«> was vent to the workhouse at Lynn, Mim-.,
i<t seven years, I believe, and souio of the
members of the Suffrage Society found her pic
ture in the rogue's gallery at Albany nfier
ward. r have no doubt but that this Is the
same criminal in a different role, and I think
there is a large Rang of them. One name, if I
remember right, was Sadden, or somethiug
like that.
I have no doubt she will compell or hypno
tize the young woman to a confession of guilt
to save herself from prison and still further
implicate you. 1 can assure you of my sym
pathy, to have fallen in the clutches of this
terrible woman. I regret that lam not now in
San Francisco. I left there three months ago,
and came to my home in Nebraska. My bon
and myself are members of the Second
i mtarian Church of San Francisco, and my
object m writing this letter is to help yon i"f
possible in your trouble, which must* be a
terrible Mow to your family.
My husband hks also a very distinct remem
brance of this woman's face, as he saw me
talking with her at that time. Miss Mary
*> turgis. -was a handsome woman ten years ngo.
bne was nbout 40 years of atre, had an abun
dance of grny flaxen hair, large round face, red
cheeks, flashing dark eyes and Hue form ; about
j feet 5 or 0 i.iches tall, weighing, 1 should
judge, 160 or 170 pounds. She has a sweet,
low voice; very stylish looking woman.
Henrica Iliohon.
COURSING AT OCEAN VIEW.
Dashaway Won the Regular
Stake After a Hard Run
With Magpie.
Grain-Fed Hares That Kept the Dogs
in the Rear Until They Made
Their Escape.
Dashaway — "Old" Dashaway now —
never ran better in the day 3 of his youth
than he did yesterday at Ocean View
Coursing Park, and those who backed him
through the entire stake cleaned up a neat
sum. No amount of training or running
seems to taketne vigor out of his big brin
dle body, and the best of the thirty-two
dogs that chased the elusive hares went
down before him in hollow style.
The crowd that assembled was the
largest that has been on the grounds for
months past, and the quality of the sport
was fully up to expectations. The draw
ing brought many evenly matched hounds
together and unusually heavy betting was
the result.
The grair>-fed hares, some of which have
been in the paddocks since November last,
were stronger than ever, and in some in
stances fairly ran away from the dogs,
darting into the escapes and leaving the
exhausted canines paJitinjr outside. This
was the case in the run between Magpie
and Faster, when the hare, after lead
ing the pair twice across the big field,
gained on them at every leap as they drove
him toward an escape.
As usual a number of long shots won
their courses and kept the short-end play
ers in betting humor. Following is the re
sult of the run down:
M. Welch's Can't Win beat W. McGovern's
Little .Mm, J. Tracy's JOC beat J. Parkinson's
Marvelous, Jiay Farm Kennel's Stambon]
Queen boat liny Farm Kennel's Mission Boy,
M. Traynor's Valley Maid beat T. Keenan's
Yreka, ('. Evans* Pashaivay beat S. Hull's
Butcher Boy, E. Tapper's Menlo Mnid beat G.
O'Brien's Littie Bob, Donald <t Robert's Sea
Bpfay beat M. Traynor's Valley Boy, T. But
ler's Susie beat I>. Tweedie's White Rustic,
Villn Kennel's Tempest beat A. Merrill's Dan,
A. Merrill's Faster and Faster beat W. Dubb's
sin.irt <;irl. s. Stewart's Lady (lure beat .(.
Smith's Elcho. W. L. Trade's Lucky Dog beat
A. Merrill's Jennie G, P. Ryan's Magpie beat F.
Brown's Kitty Pease, 8. Stewart's Jtelraont beat
Potrero Kennel's Lilly, L. Tiernev's Evening
Star teal M. Welch's (Visard.
First ties— J O C beat Can't Win, Valley Maid
beal -tainboul Queen, iJaihaway beat" Men io
Maid, Susie beat S.-a Spray, Faster and Faster
beal Tempest, LnclcyDog beat Lady Clare, Ma
gpie beat Beltnont, Evening stßr n bye.
Second ties -Valley Maid beat J OC, Dash
awuy bent Susie, Faster and Faster beat Lucky
Dog, Magpie beat Evening Star.
Third ties— Dashaway beat Valley Maid, Mag
pie beat Faster und Paster. <
Final— Dashaway bent Magpie.
Prizes— Dashaway $20, Masrpie .«10, Valley
Maid and Faster and Faster ."j^") each.
Judge, Ed < anavan; slipper, J, Cranstone.
Sunday next two stakes, one for old dogs
at $2 T>o entrance and the other for puppies
at $1 50, are billed to take place. The
drawinss for both will be held on Thursday
evening at 91f> Market btreet.
WILL MAGUIRE SAY SACK?
Mayor Sntro Think* Ho Will Denounce
It in tho Funding Bill.
Mayor Sutro is hopeful that the funding
bill will be defeated in the House.
"Yes," said the Mayor yesterday, "I
have hopes that the funding bill will be
defeated in the House. From the latest
advices I have from Washington it ap
pears that Huntington has half of the
House, but it is not certain that he caii
hold all these. If, when the matter comes
up for debate, a member arises and makes
the announcement that there is a sack be
hind the measure and there is a job in it,
the members who declared themselves in
a way favorable to the measure will hesi
tate before casting their votes.
"From what I know of Congressmen
there are some afraid of being charged
with bribery. Now, I do not wish to ex
press any opinion of our representative?
in Congress, but I will say that I think
Congressman Maguire will talk, ana it is
possible that he may say that there is a
6ack to be used to refund a debt greater
than the capital of the greatest bank in
the world— the Bank of England— that
has only $70,000,000.
"Bribery will be resorted to in order to
carry this measure. I say go and could
prove it if necessary. The press should
act as a unit in this matter and wake up
the people to the necessity of lighting the
proposition to impose such an outrageous
measure upon them.
"News of what is being done here is not
transmitted as fully as it. should be, and in
order to keep our friends at Washington
posted as to what is going on, I have to
send them private dispatches. I am in
this fight for the people and will stand by
it until a certain warm place freezes over.
'•The Senate? No, there is no hope for
us in the Senate. I feel quite confident
that the measure will pass there. Our only
hope is the House. We are going to have
a rousing convention in spite of the octo
pus that will endeavor to pack the house
in its favor."
NEW TROOP ARMORY.
The Cavalry Organization of the Guard
Intends to Move Downtown.
Troop A, the cavalry organization of the
National Guard, proposes to change its
headquarters from the building on Pacific
avenue to some place suitable for armory
purposes nearer the center of town. The
matter of a change was discussed a few
nights ago and the scheme has met with
general favor. A committee of three men
of the troop is now at work trying to rind
a building in the neighborhood of Union
square which might be converted into an
armory.
For a couple of years the old light bat
tery, which had its headqmrterson Pacin'c
avenue, found it difficult to secure recruits
because its headquarters were too far from
town. When the battery was transformed
into a cavalry troop the same difficulty
presented itself and the troop ha* set
about to remedy the evil. If suitable quar
ters can be found in the downtown dis
trict the new troop will give up the tnn
bark ring and riding classes which are
now features of the mounted brancli of
the service in this City.
The armory now occupied by the troop
was built for Light Battery A about six
years ago. It is now occupied by one of
the Naval Battalion companies, the cav
ujry organization aud a riding academy.
DR. MINTON ON ARMENIA
Christian Europe a^-Silent but
Guilty Partner in the Sul
tan's Crimes.
NO MAN LIVES TO HIMSELF.
It Is Time That Men Should Be Their
Brother's Keepers, Says the Pastor
of Westminster Church.
In Westminster Presbyterian Church
yesterday morning the Rev. H. C. Minton,
D.D., took for his text Galatians vi:10:
"As we have therefore opportunity, let us
do eood unto all men, especially unto
them who are of the household of faith."
He took occasion to speak of the Armenian
question in the course of his sermon. He
said:
Christianity preaches tho gospsl of
practical duty. Matthew Arnold says,
"Conduct is three-fourths of life," but if we
remember that conduct is the language of
character it is nearly four-fourths.
The scope of the text is very broad.
The Christian should be an all-sided
philanthropist. God makes his rain to
fall on the unjust and his sun to shine on
the evil, and we are to be perfect even as
he is perfect. Christ bids us love our ene
mies.
More and more the world is catching
this conception. It is the very genius of
ethical Christianity. As the world grows
smaller by the use of steam and electricity
and all that, the thoughts and sympathies
of men are growing larger. In distance,
as measured by time, there is no city in
the world to-day as far from San Francisco
MISS MAID MORRELL AND J. C. WILSON JR., MEMBERS OF THE CHARITY
COMPANY THAT WILL PLAY "7-20-8" FOR THE RELIANCE CLUB IN
OAKLAND.
\Drava /»/ a "Call" artist from photographs.]
ni Now York was fifty yours ago. The
crops of Hindustan affect the markets of
London and Chicago, and a skirmish In
South Africa stirs up all Europe. The
unity of mankind is a most commonplace
fact to-day.
This brings the ethical aspects of life to
the front. Time was when every tribe
counted every other its natural foe. It is
now aeen to be wiser to call it its natural
friend. Society is a joint stock concern.
Every human being is'an integral, though
infinitesimal factor in the life and destiny
of the world.
Modern history only furnishes expanded
areas for the enactment of the parable of
the good samaritan, "This is my neigh
bor." This finds its answer as a thing of
spirit and not of geography.
"No man liveth to himself." Every good
man says to himself, "I owe every other
man my test. In so far as I fall short (if
that best, I rob society and the state and
the world. I owe the right my defense, and
the wrone — my defiance. A ' Roman Em
peror said lie felt uncomfortable as long as
there was a good man in Rome. Every
good man should feel uncomfortable as
long as there is a bad Emperor anywhere.
Christiunity may be more, but it is human
ity, too. Civilization is not Christianity,
but if they are not inseparably allied, then
so much the worse for the one or the other,
or both. That religion is of the devil and
not of God that does not make men more
manly, more loyal to the right, more ten
der to the appeal of the suffering and
more valiant in the championship of rhe
good and the true. Nor does distance nor
creed stop the Christian's ear to the voice
of that appeal. Does a Thebcw massacre
the helpless people of Bunnah? Does a
juggernaut in the name of religion crush
the superstitious Hindoos of India? Does
a Czar oppress or banish the Jews in Rus
sia?
Then a Thebaw and a Czar are criminals
before the world and the bloody-wheeled
chariot is the means of torture and not of
prate. Does the Sultan outrage the Ar
menians of Asia Minor? Then the world
that permits his outrages to continue be
comes a silent but guilty partner in his
crime. Have 60,000 been slain and are
:^50,000 people starving, hiding, hunted
like scared wild beasts in that distressed
district to-tlay? And where is Christian
Europe? Are the ethical obligations of
Christian civilization now to be ignored?
Is it not true that men are their brothers'
keepers? I do not need to disguise from
you. in the house of God to-day, that the
Armenians are Christians. They belong
to one of the most ancient andhonored
communions of Oriental Christendom. It
is their misfortune to dwell on soil over
which the scepter of the Ottoman empire
extends. They have been for ages between
the upper and nether millstone. They
are not perfect. Nobody is. But the un
speakable Turk is no longer endurable.
The sickly despot of Constantinople has
outlived his right to rule. Only a pro
found conviction that God rules, 'and that
he rules rigtit, reconciles the world to the
existence of Turkey to-day, and if the life
and reign of the Sultan are to continue
long as they are, civilization may well in
terpret the fact as the intimation of the
Almighty that the time has come to sweep
the imperial cesspool of intrigue and de
ceit off the map of the modern world.
The sword is the symbol ot Islam. The
faith of Mohammed has fattened on the
blood of the infidel. There is the hatred
that is born of such a religion as that, that
must be counted as a factor in the sicken
ing situation in Turkey today.
Hut apart from that, no question of
d'plc.macy, or finance, or statecraft can
blind the eyes of the world to the fact that
risrht is right, and right only has a right
to be.
But still the cruel work goes on. Mr.
Gladstone in a letter of regret to the mass
moeting in London a fortnight ago said:
"The six great powers, which among them
spend more than £100,000,000 sterling
yearly upon what is termed their defense.",
lie prostrate at tue feet of an impotent
Sultan, who, with their cognizance, ap
pears to prosecute massacres at his will
day by day."
is there no respite? Must the Armenians
die crushed under the heel of the Turk?
Shall organized pillage and carnage go on
and the whole world sit off in horror while
a few crowiied Leads tuku their leisure iv
c
playing out their game of diplorn ati
chess?
W. W. Howard, who penetrated Arme
nia, ?aid in the New York World of Sep
tember 15: "The horrors of the present
hour in Armenia have not yet heen toJd,
even in a thousandth part."
Well may Bed t land 'a genius-bard say,
"Man's inhumanity to man makes count
less thousands mourn." Our meeting to
morrow nieht is to give answer in words
the world may understand. We are to do
good to all men. Charity may begin at
home, but if it enda there it is not charity.
We are less worthy to be Christians if our
indignation were less stirred had the Arme
nians been Jews, or Roman Catholics, or
liuddhists, or infidels.
God bless Clara Barton as she goes with
her Red Cross to the sufferers in Armenia.
Let our gilts go with her. After all, our
prayer must be to God for Armenia, for our
faith is in him alone. He rules. Kings and
Queens are but puppets in his hand. His
plans mature slowJy, but they mature. T;!e
Sultan will play his part and then he will
pass off. Only let our prayer be that in the
policies and diplomacies, in the wars and
treaties of the nations, he will prepare and
pave the way for the coining of his King
dom, which is the kingdom of peace and
righteousness, and justice and truth.
LADIES SHOW GRATITUDE.
The Fabiola Association to
Return the Debt of
the Fete.
President Fitzgerald of the Reliance
Club Assured of a Very Suc
cessful Benefit.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 12. j
The social leaders of Oakland have de
cided that two j-'ood turns merit at least
one, and acting on this decision they|are
determined that the Reliance rendition
of "7-20-8" at the Macdonou<*h next week
Bball be :i success. When Oakland's ladies
say anything must be successful, it is per
fectly safe to assume that they know what
they are talking about.
Robert Fitzgerald's energy in presiding
over the Fabiolafete aroused the gratitude
|of the Fabiola Hospital Association and
i they have decided to help President Jritz
i gerald of the Reliance Club in return. The
I ladies, under the auspices of Mrs. John
Yule, their president, are doing all they
I can to guarantee two packed houses.
I On another occasion the Ladies' Relief
I Society was benefited by the Reliance
j Club, whose members presented "Romeo
; and Juliet" for the benefit of the Temescal
I Home. Now the relief society has decided
to boom the Reliance benefit. These two
social elements working' hand in hand
leave all doubt, aside, and the club will
certainly receive a substantial benerit.
The debt that the club is anxious to
j wipe out was due to the heavy expenses of
j the football team. This is the more dis
appointing to the club, as their football
players were never beaten during the en
tire season. The company is said by Mr.
| Cooper of the Columbia Dramatic School
, to be the most polished and talented,
| without exception, that he has ever met in
the amateur field.
The performances will be given Friday
I and Saturday, January 24 and 25.
BEDS FOR POOR MEN.
The Minna-Street Home Removes to
Better Quarterg in the Same Block.
The ladies in charge of the charitable
institution known as the "Men's Home"
I have left their old quarters at 55 Minna
j street and are now located in a more com
i modious house at No. 34 on the same
| street. The change of quarters was made
| necessary within the past few weeks for
the reason that the home had not been
self-supporting. It was taxed to its utmost
capacity, but the number of beds at the
disposal of the managers was not suffi
cient to bring in the necessary income.
At 34 Minna street, near First, the
Home is admirably quartered. A rather
large and neat-looking house has been
rented and the ladies interested in the
work are busy nutting things in shape for
the accommodation of about 100 lodgers.
There are twenty-one rooms in the house,
and while only forty-two bunks are now
in place, there will be twice that number
within, a few weeks. The ladies are work
ing hard to bring _ the institution to the
notice of the charitable public They are
now providing beds and meals for 10
cents a night and very often gratuitously.
Donations of men's clothing and of bed
ing are much desired and if cards are
mailed to the home such articles will be
sent for.
The ladies who constitute the board of
managers are: Mrs. Hale Rix, Mrs.
Waldron Spinney, Mrs. H. S. Robertson,
Mrs. A. O. Eckman, Mrs. S. Lyon, and
Mrs. Wolfe.
The Good Templars.
Grand Chief Templar .f. \V. Webb is 'paying offi
cial visits and lecturing in Xl Dorado and Placer
counties. He wilt on thp ISth inst. address the re-
CPntly reorganized lodge in Sanger, Fresno County.
The district lodga will convene in Hamilton
Hall, Oakland, on Saturday, the 25th inst. The
j grand chief templar will be present to deliver a
! l"<!uro before the lodge at night. On Sunday
j morning he will preach in Edward Davis' church
i and in the Twenty-third nvenue Baptist Church at
| night, delivering a temperance sermon In each.
The order of Templars is very much int- rested
In and is advocating the proposed amendment to
the constitution granting women in California the
: right of suffrage.
Clovis I-odep, recently organized in Fresno
County, is flourishing. It has already seventy-five
i members and expects soon to build a hall.
TheCiood Templars' Home for Omhans at Val
lejo was kindly remembered by friends during the
holidays, the appeal for t;ood things for the little
i ones and for CiOthirii? and toys having been re
| sponded to.
The executive committee of the Grand. Lodge
! and i he joint boards of t tie home will meet on the
j first Tuesday in -.February. . V.olney Taylor, the
new grand treasurer, will at that time take his
Sl-Bt.
Mrs. J. C. stone, grand lecturer, Is doing effect
ive work in Southern California and is organizing
a number of new lodges.
A 15<'whi»kerecl Society.
The "Society of Pointed Beards" is the
latest oddity in New York clubland. It
starts o(f with a membership of some fifty
men, all prominent in art, literature anil
kindred pursuits. This bewhiskered body
will organize next Monday in a table
d'hote restaurant uptown, and there's
every prospect that smooth niujs will in
course ol time be bauislied irotu Bohemia.
PALMER'S CAUSTIC WORDS
American Protective Association
Orator Pays His Respects
to Catholicism.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE PACKED
Brewer Scores the Y. M. I.— Two
Thousand People Listen to the
Speeches.
Over 2000 persona were present at the
Good Citizen.-hip m eetine Jield in Metro
politan Temple yesterday afternoon under
tbe auspices of the A. P. A. societies.
Before 3 o'clock tbe seating room in the
auditorium was all taken, and those who
found a place to stand in the galleries
counted themselves fortunate.
The large audience was nearly equally
composed of members of both sexes,
thouch the men may have slightly out
numbered.
Several prominent members of the A. P.
A. of both sexes occupied seats on the
siage. H. W. Quitzow acted as chairman.
The formal opening of the meeting was
preceded by a long organ voluntary, ren
dered by Professor E. Werner.
"When the last note had lost itself among
the echoes Chairman Quitzow stepped for
ward, and in a few short sentences for
mally opened the session. Stating the
purposes of the meeting, and referring in
complimentary terms to the speaker of the
day, the Rev. Ray Palmer, lie concluded
by saying that since the last A. P. A. meet
ing the walls of the building had been
purified by the singing of "America," and
that the grand old patriotic anthem would
be sung again.
His reference was a sarcasm on the Y.
M. I. rendition of the patriotic anthem at
a meeting recently held by that organiza
tion in the Temple. Regardless of the ap
plication or other considerations, the re
mark elicited the applause of the audi
ence.
The old song was sung and with great
spirit.
The Rev. Waugh, "Old Father Waugh,"
as he has been known to his many iriends
on the coast for the last forty years, offered
v short and eloquent prayer, after which
Miss Ada Schmied sang with good effect
a song written by Clifford entitled,
"There's a Tramp of Romish Legions."
A few introductory remarks were made
by Mr. W. T. Brewer, during the course of
which he indulged in a sarcastic eulogy cf
Father Yorke and the Y. M. I.
He "had no doubt," he said, "that the
reverend gentleman of Catholic faith re
ferred to would discuss the principal ques
tions at issue in an honest and candid and
unprejudiced way over a beefsteak. Un
fortunately the opportunity for such a dis
cussion uad not been offered." He made
ironical illusion to the patriotic spirit in
fusing the meeting of the Y. M. 1., and
scored those Catholics from which had
eminated certain criticisms of the public
school system, and in this connection re
ferred to the fact that in the schools of
i^anta Barbara are employed, among oth
ers, fourteen teachers from Catholic
parochial school?. Those teachers ac
knowledged that they had never attended
the public schools.
Mr. Brewer said he was not so bigoted
that he would deny the riL'ht of a Catholic
to teach in our schools, but he thought
that under sued circumstances as these,
the Catholic criticism of our school system
is little lc^s than intolerant.
The Colton children, small boys and
girls in patriotic dress, sang a musical A.
P. A. song, the American sentiment of
which, in connection with the anti-Catholic
subtleties, excited an ebullition of applause.
Each rendering of the chorus was accom
panied by tiie waving of the American
ll.iirs held in each youthful hand.
The usual collection was then taken up.
and the remark of Chairman Quitzow tha.t
th^ sinews of war were needed "to carry
on the good work," did not fall on deaf
ears, if one might judge from the merry
jingle of the small coin as it was dropped
into the Japanese wicker-baskets of the
ushers.
The Rev. Kay Palmer was then intro
duced, and the large audience settled itself
comfortably in the 2000 or more seats
preparatory to listening to the address of
the day. In part, he said:
In the Bible we read of the prophet who went
out and viewed the Valley of Dry Bones. And,
lo and behold, while he gazed, a wind blew
upon them and they came together until at
last before the wondering gaze of the prophet
Uioy stood up n mighty army.
Ko? mnny years the Catholic ecclesiatlclsra
of tiiis country has been like a "volley of dry
Ij.uk's,' but now tncy have ronie together anil
stand forth a great army ready to defend the
American flap. [Laughter ]
The greatest compliment paid to the A. P. A.
is found in the numerous meetings and the
prand oratory in which the Catholics are In
dulging all over the country. If we (the
A. P. A.) are wliat they say we "are, it must be
a great waste of time to pay so much attention
to such a low class of people. [Laughter.]
We are not warring ngainst the Catholics on
account t>f their religion; we are not making a
fif»rit against the C'athoiic women— the mothers,
Bisters and daughters of the church; many of
the Catholics are Christians, and honest and
earnest Christians. We make the distinction
between the great body of the Catholics and
the church hierarchy. We do not deny the
right of any man to worship Cod as he will,
but desire to combat the interference of the
Catholic hierarchy with the political and civil
affairs of our country. Therefore, our fight
with the Catholics is political and not relig
ious.
He then quoted at some length Black
stone, Gladstone, Macaulay, Henry Clay,
Robert Montapue and others to show that
thinkers in the last tyro centuries have
predicted the aggressiveness of the church
in political and social affairs.
One thing that amuses me more than any
thing else is tho great patriotism that is being
developed by tho Catholic hierarchy. A few
days ngo Cardinal Gibbons addressed a large
concourse of Catholics at the raising of the
American flag over St. Peter's parochial school
in Haltimore, and during that eloquent dis
course he said that "one of the great modern
features of the Catholic church is its love for
education and for country."
At the close of Cardinal* Gibbons' address the
vast audience joined in sineing "America"
and "The Star-spangled Banner." How long
since the Catholics have learned to sing those
grand old patriotic songs? [Applause.] It is
only within the last lew weeks that they have
learned the melody of those songs. Before that
1 doubt if the majority of Catholics would rec
ognize cither of mem.
Now they are beginning to tell us that they
are not in favor of the union of church and
state. How long since have they suffered this
ehnnge of heart? But is it true? By no
means. The latest encyclical of the Pope shows
that the leopard has not changed his spots, and
the present protestation of the American Cath
olics through the V. M. 1. is due to the wide
spreading sentiment against their interference
with our political and civil and educational
affairs.
The church Is losing power in some of the
countries of Europe. The time Is coming when
there will be a disunion in Franco between
church and state, and it is the purpose of the
A. P. A. to dispute every step of the Catholic
hierarchy in its effort to subject America to the
papnl domination under which the countries
of Kit rope have struggled for so many cen
turies. We want to keep this country, its Gov
ernment and its schools for Americans, and
keep them out of the hands of the Y. M. I.
As to the charges which have been made
against the A. r. A.'s intelligence, all we can
sny la that if there is bad grammar, perhaps,
among our speakers, we do not answer argu
ments as some ot the priests do, by calling the
opposite side liars. There are many priests,
no doubt, who are willing and able to discuss
nny theological, political or social question
Honestly and gentlemanly.
But it is remarkable how much the priests
claim for the Catholics of America. According
to these heads of the church, all the great men
of this country have been Catholic*?. They say
George Washington died a Roman Catholic,
but kept it a secret and therefore died a liar in
the church of Rome. [Laughter.] All of our
great statesmen and military men in the last
war were Catholics.
I believe that if the Roman Catholics had
their wills they would make us all Catholics;
if they were in a position of power to do go
they would compel us to become of their faith,
even to the endangering of our school, social
and political systems. They would place the
Pope at the head of the Government and we
would all be his slave subjects.
No true Catholic can be a live patriot believ
ing in the Pope's supremacy. Patriotism does
not consist of outward demonstration. The
American and Catholic may sing the same
songs, and one will be moved by the love of
Rome and the other by the love of home. Pa
triotism consists in action, ar.lmated by a love
of equality.
"The only way the Catholics can improve
their patriotic complexion is by renouncing
the Pope of Home and forswearing forever all
allegiance to any and all foreign princes and
potentate s.
"Some of those Catholics say they love our
country; the Pope says he loves America, and
I believe they and the Pope are honest, ami
that the latter loves it because he would seek
to establish herein tbe future home of the
Catholic hierarchy." [Long Rpplause.j
PRINTERS' AID SOCIETY.
A Sound Financial Showing Made and
Officers Arc Elected.
The Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society
met yesterday and elected the following
oincers for the ensuing year:
President, Lewis P. V.nrd; first vlce-presi
>:it, A. M. Parry; second vice-president,
George K. Mitchell ; recording secretary, A. J.
I". Regaudiat; financial secretary, John R.
Winders; treasurer, Willinm B. Benoist: mar
shal, George H. Sainulors; guardian, Frank
Mooney; board of directors— Andrew P. Smith
(chairman), James I. Olwell (secretary), <ieorße
H. Branch, James L. Shearer, James f. Kelsey;
physician, William L. Berry, M.L> .; druetriat.
Will B. Kirk. '
The reuorts showed that $350 had been
paid in the last six months to sick mem
bers and that $4100 was in the treasury.
The society will celebrate its ninth/anni
vt-rsary with a picnic, for which arrange
ments will be made very soon.
•Tr. Order American Mechanic*.
Redlands Council has elected the followiur; offi
cers: H. Andrews, C.j E. N. Sturdivant, V. C. ;
M. M. Atwater, R. S. : F. B. Tussell, A. R. S.; A.
F. Bourlier, F. s. ; R. H. Kendall, T. ; O. G. Guess,
conductor; E. T. Salmon, W.; <;. 1). Adam, I. S.;
J. Wessel, o s. ; o. D. Collins, G. D. Adams and
\V. M. Ttsdell, trustees.
San Dlt-RO Council has elected the follow ntr offl
cers: O. \V. Beady, C.J C. M. < lussman, V. C !
<;. H. Taylor, k. B.; F. W. Bangs, A. K. s. • h. W.
Powell. F. s. : B. F. liisalls, T.: J. H. Chandler,
conductor; F. C. Whitmore, \V. : K. If. l.itlv, I. s. •
G. D. Stead, O. 8.; K. Hunt and F. C. Whitmore,
trustees: \V. Jameison, representative for two
years.
Following are the names of olUcers elected by XT.
B. Grant Council: C. F. Qnirey, C: F. O. Bose, V
C; A. N. Morgan, R. 8. :G. \\\ Sniitli, A. R. s. ; E.
Dyer.F. S.: 11. O. Steams, T.; F. jrt. Williams,
conductor; 11. H. Youns. \\\: E. K. Kincaid. I. s. •
O. E. Mead, O. 8.: i>. Kllsworth, W. a. I oni and
E, Harmon, trustees; K. L. Foote, representative
lor two years. •
A OAPTIYE BALLOON.
Some of the Dangers to Which the
Aeronaut Is Exposed.
The principal danger in captive work is
the always present possibility of the wire
rope parting, not because of the obvious
result that the balloon, being set free,
would at once make off at speed, but for
reasons of a very simple technical nature,
albeit none the more pleasant by reason of
their simplicity. It must be understood
that when a captive balloon has been sent
up the required height, the neck of the bal
loon has to be tied up so as to prevent the
wind from exertinc a pressure on the en
velope, and forcing out the gas, which
would result in the balloon very shortly
losing its lifting power and descending. In
free runs the neck must always be wida
open, for otherwise any sudden expansion
of gas might burst the" balloon. Hence, if
a captive breaks away, it is bound to make
an unduly rapid ascent, since it is suddenly
released from the restraint as well as the
weight of the wire rope.
Of course in such an emergency the gas
would at once commence to expand furi
ously, and, unless the neck of the balloon
■were instantly opened and kept open, the
envelope would inevitably burst. In the
shocking accident at the Crystal Palace in
IS'.)2, when poor Dale and his comrades
lost their lives, the balloon was started
with too much lift and commenced to rise
with undue rapidity. Dale, the aeronaut,
realizing the danger, opened the neck and,
in his anxiety to see that it was clear,
looked into it, and it is supposed that hi 3
.head checked the outrush of heated gas,
with the result Jhat the envelope instantly
burst, with terrible results. — Macmillan's
Magazine.
NEW TO-DAY.
Fan Never! Fan
WONDER Cough Cure - - - 25c
NEVER FAILS.
WONDER Toothache Drops - 25c
NEVERFAIL.
WONDER Corn Cure - - - - 25c
NEVER FAILS.
Sarsaparllla, 60c and 65c; Plasters, 10c np;
Face Powders at Reduced Prices. Syringes and
Hot-Water Bottles, 50c up. Sole Aeents for Dr.
qharcot's Nerve Pills, $1 a box; 6 tor $5. Mail
orders promptly attended to.
THE WONDffiDGSTORE
FLETCHER & CO.,
1028 Market Street.
■\
1
J
We sold out u meals-in-
\ bed-tables" Christmas time
—had to disappoint some of
our customers ; got plenty
of them now, though.
Same price :
Antique oak, $8.
Mahogany, $<j.
Last week was "Lace Cur-
tain Week," but it isn't too
late to buy yet.
Three specials :
Nottingham— point d'esprlt, with floral border
(white or ecru}, $3 pair.
Irish 10 nt (ivory), rich and very effective, $6.75
pair. ( .
St. Gall Brussels, extremely delicate, $6.50 pair.
-
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy, Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sore
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Jnflamma.
tlona. 50c per bottle. Hold by Druggist*.
56
ht * . fitkli
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUfc,
Editor anJ Proprietor.
.SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
j-»ily nnd Sunday Call. 0:1 c week, by carrier..
Toily and i~ucc".ay Cam-, one year, by mall 6.C0
PsQy ned Sunday Call, six months, l>y mall.. 8.00
Eaiiy : '--•::.:.■ CaiX, three months by mall 1.50
JJcJly and Suaday Cali,, one montli, by mall.. .65
EtUtds; Call, fene year, by mail 1.60
IfXBU.I Call, one yrar. by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
10 Market Street,
San I'raucisco, California.
Telephone Main-1868 ,
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone ■ -■•• M*tn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
6?0 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
r :80 o'clock.
888 '■•f.v.s street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 J.srh.!:< ttreet; open until 9:30 o'cloclc. j
fc\V. corner Sixteenth ond Mission streets; open
v j.'.ii t" o'clock.
1618 Mission atreet: open until 9 o'clock.
. Ub MLth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
fOB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 »n.i 32, 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAYU> SI. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
iIOXDAY JAXUAKY 13, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
We s) eak for Armenia to-night.
Don't fail to attend the mass-meeting at
Metropolitan Hall this evening.
From this time on politics will warm up
with the weather and beat it in the process.
The cnuse of Armenia is the causa of
humanity and deterves the sympathy
of all. j
Business is just uncertain enough this
year to keep on the move and be ready for
a Jump.
In any excitement in England the new
poet laureate can be counted on to make
bad w
As i he world revolves at present, when
ever anything turns up England gets
turned down.
Judging from the sound of things the
war trumpet must be about as cheap as the
penny whu
•
To the practical politician the Presi
.! campaign ha> already begun and
is moving lively.
While the re?: of the world prepares for
war it is a good time for us to attend
tly tti busi:.
Tom Heed has once more shown Con
that he can count a quorum when
ever a quorum is there.
Whatever may be said of the Buckley
- at the Democratic primaries it can
not be said they didn't count.
The expected grand march of the Cubans
on Havana seems to he retreating into a
raid on sugar plantations.
The year is still new enough for fellows
who are addicted to the fake poolroom
habit to brace uy and swear off.
There are abundant reasons for believ
that the alliances of Europe are not
half as binding as the complications.
The California miners who were asso
ciated with Jameson's raid were in bad
company, but we must help them out.
If you overlook our bargain advertise
i will miss some of the most
protitab'.e family reading of the season.
Attend to l.nsint-ss nrbile yon may,
i he carnival days are cominz,
And coin that now makes trade to hum
May then so off a-tauniming.
It may be true as reported that Russia is
behind Germany, but there is no telling
how long she will be content to stay be
hind.
There is a growing belief that the Kaiser
intended his letter to Krueger for publica
tion only, and not as an evidence of good
faith. _
Sooner or later there must be war in Eu
rop?, for the only way the nations can get
their troubles out of the way is to light
them out.
While the revival last year was not all
that we expected it had the good effect of
converting many free-traders to the cause
of protection.
In the path of the wicked even a stump
seems liice a lion, and the Southern Pacific
is now stumped by the Interstate Com
merce Commission.
The Boers fight for their soil and the
Cubans for independence, but the Arme
nians are struggling for life itself against
the massacres of the Turk.
If you have any sympathy for the Arme
nian sufferers be present at the mass
meeting this evening and show that your
Eympathy has action in it.
Krueger demands damages for the
Transvaal raid, but the British will plead
in abatement that they were more
damaged than the Boers.
It is a sure sign of a bad condition of
affairs in Europe that nations are more
enraged about a sporadic invasion of the
Transvaal than by the massacres in Ar
menia.
It may be true that the members of the
Morgan syndicate had no hand in direct
ing tne course of Cleveland's latest loan,
but all the same the loan will come into
their hands.
It is a good move of the Board of Trade
to establish a commercial exhibit, as well
as one of our rural industry, for it is time
to let the world know we have something
to sell besides climate.
A graduate of the penitentiary of Ne
braska has disturbed the State by asserting
that counterfeit money is made by con
victs in the prison and put into circula
tion by the officials.
The report from Washington that many
Democrats are now willing to vote with
the Republicans for the re-enactment of
the reciprocity law is one that should be
confirmed by immediate action.
The fate of the Transvaai cannot be
widely different from that of California
and Australia. Whenever rich mines are
found in a new country the pastoral age
must sooner or later give way to the age of
gold.
If the Big Eight pool-sellers are serious
in the idea of going up in a balloon to spot
the races at lngleside Park there will be
no objection on the part of the public.
Any plan will do that gets theua off the
earth.
THE MASS-MEETING.
The mass-meeting to be held at Metro- j
| politan Temple this evening on behalf of
j the Armenians conies at an opportune :
I time. The Senate Committee on Foreign i
! Relations had the subject under consid- :
! eration on Saturday and will probably '
| make a report on it during the present
I week. It is said the committee has re- ;
cefcred memorials and petitions from all i
j sections of the Union urging action in the ]
'■ interests of humanity, and it will be well
for the voice of California to be heard with
those of her sister States when the subject j
| comes up for debate and the Senate seeks I
to learn the sentiment of the whole peo
ple.
The recent exhibition of antagonism be
tween the interests of England and Ger
many in South Africa, which for a time 1
threatened to prevent any possible co
operation of European powers in stayinc !
the hand of the Turk and putting an end
to the atrocities which for months past j
have been committed against the Ar- i
menians, has by a sudden turn been '
changed from a seeming evil into what
promises to be a permanent good. Great '
Britain has shown a desire to reach, if not \
an alliance, at least au agreement with j
Russia which will prevent that country
from uniting with Germany in case hostil- j
ities should occur. Any such agreement !
must of course take Turkish affairs into 1
j consideration, and it is opportune there- \
i fore at this time for the voice of the civil- !
! ized world to urge the British Government
j to profit by the occasion to secure for the j
i Armenians those rights and liberties ;
! which are inherent in humanity.
The arrangements that have been made j
for the mass-meeting give assurance that j
the speakers will represent the whole peo- |
pie, without respect to race or creed. In
advocating the cause of humanity it is the
voice of humanity that will speak. The
orators selected to address the meeting ;
are able and eloquent men. They are '
earnest in the work they have undertaken
and will worthily speak the sentiments !
| that all good men feel on this issue. The !
audience should be as truly representative
of our people as are the orators. It should \
be an assembly of those whose influence 1
wakes up the higher life of the people and
infuses public opinion with a true gran- j
deur of sentiment.
There can be no question of the useful
ness of such a meeting or of the urgency
i of a prompt expression of our sympathies
with those whose friends and kindred have
fallen before such a merciless slaughtering :
as that of which all stories from Armenia
i have told. No community of generous
j men and women can afford to be silent
when such outrages affront humanity in
I any portion of the civilized world.
THE PUEBLO KULIEG.
Although the ruling of the Interstate
Commerce Commission on the Puebio case :
was confined to rates betwe^n Puebio and
San Francisco on steel rails anil iron, the
principle involved in the decision is that a
lower rate may not be charged from Chi- '
cago to San Francisco than from Pueblo
to the same point. Obviously the ruling
is not intended to apply to the Atlantic
seaboard, for the reason that there ocean
competition modifies the situation. There
is no reason, however, why the commis- :
sion should nofc. extend its ruling to all
other articles of freight between Chicago :
and San Francisco that might also be sent
to this City from all points west of Chi
cago. Hence the ruling is sufficiently j
revolutionary to alarm the Southern Pa
cific Company and decide it to fight.
It was shown at the hearing of the
Pueblo case and mentioned in the ruling
that it is sometimes to the interest of a
transportation company to haul by a longer
route than it might and at a rate lower
than that charged over an available shorter
route, in order to secure a larger revenue
in the end, and it was incidental^ noted
that the Southern Pacific, acting in such,
fashion, diverts traffic from the Union and
Central Pacific route to the Sunset route
by way of New Orleans. This is taking
cognizance of a practice that has a very
important bearing both on the funding
measure now pending in Congress and the
case of the Southern Pacific Company
against the Railroad Commission of Cali
fornia.
This has been a notorious practice ever
since the Sunset route was opened for
traffic, but iti-sadvancingastep to have the
fact officially noted. It makes the conten-
I tion of the railroad before Judge McKt-nna
!as ridiculous as it is daring. That conten-
I tion is that the reduction in wheat charges
' which the State Rail Toad Commission is
j trying to enforce would cripple the money
j earning capacity of the Central Pacific
j and lessen its ability to discharge its obli
j gations to the Government. While the
i proposed reduction by the Railroad Com-
I mission would affect the Central Pacific
hardly any, the Southern Pacific, by di
verting traffic from the Central Pacific to
the Sunset route, reduces the earning ca
: pacity of its aided line enormously. Yet
an intelligent public is expected gtavely
to listen to such an objection and uncom
plainingly observe the local attorney of
the Government backing the railroad in its
absurd position.
The Pueblo ruling comes at a very op
portune time. If the Southern Pacific re
sists the order it will be Dut on trial, and
I then some interesting things may be
i learned as to how the Central Pacific has
been robbed by its owners, in order that
they might evade payment of the Govern
ment's lien on the road. It is hoped that
l the case will be pushed with all possible
! speed.
A REMEDY EEMAINS.
The unexplained Supreme Court de- I
cision denying the writ of mandate sued i
for by the Valley road against the Trustees
Of the city of Fresno by no means stops i
the progress of this great undertaking.
The directors of the road wanted the Trus- '
tees of Fresno to give a right of way
through the city. The Trustees, uncertain
as to whether the law required them to put
up the desired franchise at auction, went ;
with the directors on an agreed case be
fora the Supreme Court, and that body baa
merely denied the writ asked for compel
ling the Trustees to grant the privilege
without offering it at auction. No reason
is given for the decision and no plan of re- I
lief is suggested.
It will now remain with the Trustees,
not only of Fresno, but of all the other
towns through which the Valley road pro- j
poses to pass, to act intelligently in the in
terest of the public and wholly within the j
law. It has been assumed that the bitter ;
animosity of the Southern Pacific for the
new road will take the form of opposing !
bids for any privilege that may be desired i
by the Valley road, and that in this way
the road may be kept out of the valley.
In case such opposing bids are offered it
will be within the province of the authori- i
ties to determine whether they are offered
in good faith, impose restrictions which I
would makeproceedings in bad faith dan
gerous, and ascertain whether questions of
public right and convenience are involved. !
It would be manifestly absurd and unjust
to recognize a bid for a franchise which \
cannot be desired as part of a plan to run
a railroad through a town.
Bold and overbearing as the Southern
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY" 13, 1896.
Pacific is it realizes that it has as many
enemies at present as it cares to encounter
and we need not expect it to make such a
shameless opposition to the progress of the
new line as is feared. Nor can it be im
agined that there are public officers in the
San Joaquin Valley who could be induced
to lend their power to any such plan should
it be undertaken. The Valley road offers
the first and only hope for that section of
the State, and the people whose homes and
interests are there will not permit it to De
smothered. The decision by the Supreme
Court, therefore, gives no ground for a fear
that the progress of the new road will be
checked.
•FIGHTING THE POOLEOOMS.
The directors of the Ingleside racetrack
deserve credit for efforts to aid in the
movement for suppressing the downtown
poolrooms. This is all the more commend
able when it is reflected that those institu
tions are not in conflict with the legiti
mate bookmaking at the track except, per
haps, to the extent of giving the Solid
Eight of the Board of Supervisors an ex
cuse to levy reprisal by moving to sup
press betting at the track if the crusade to
legislate against their downtown proteges
is persisted in.
Mr. Corrigan, one of the Ingleside direc
tors, hit upon the plan of leasing the only
wire running into town that the pool
rooms could use. This virtually put a
stop to the swindling concerns in the City,
but they immediately sought to recover
lost ground by erecting a telegraph line of
their own without permission. They have
bren temporarily balked in that effort, and
' it will be interesting to observe what next
! will happen.
The planting of poles and the stringing
| of a wire was as high-handed a proceeding
I as has ever been witnessed in this City.
[ No permission was sought and none was
granted. The poolroom men who resorted
i to this desperate measure would probably
have had little difficulty in securing per
mission from the Solid Eight, and likely
they felt (secure against punishment for so
| open a violation of the law. We should
I like very much to know why the City ;m
--i thorities did not require the wire and poles
to be taken down.
A natural result of the presence of these
i shameful resorts is seen in the case of the
lad for whom a warrant has been issued
for grand larceny. He was in a good posi
! tion, but the poolrooms ruined him. That
there are hundreds of cases which never
; come to light may be taken for granted.
1 Parents are not likely to prosecute their
j young sons for home thefts with which to
| support the poolrooms.
COAST EXCHANGES.
What can be accomplished by an ener
getic Board of Trade is well illustrated in
the ease of Visalia. The Times of that city,
in a review of the causes which secured so
much prosperity for the community last
year, Bays :
"In the iirst place, we think much of the
good work can be credited to the Visalia
Board of Trade. It was this body that
began the agitation for the Valley Ilail
road about one year ago. At that time it
was not known that the railroad people
could 5e induced to build two linos south
of Fresno and it was a tight between Vi-
Bftlia and Hanford to see which city
could get the road. The Board of Trade
had voluminous statistics collected and
printed showing the resources of the east
side of the valley, and after sending sev
eral committees to the City to confer with
the directors of the Valley road, finally
induced those gentlemen to come to Visa
lia to inspect the country and see for
themselves what they could expect in
the way of freight and passengers if they
adopted the route wliicn we contended
was the best. It was while in Visalia
that Vice-President Watt first suggested
the wisdom of building two lines south
of Fresno, and if Tulare ana Kings coun
ties do all they promised tlie railroad peo
ple they would do, then before the next
wheat crop is ready to move we will have
competition to the Southern Paciric. If
nothing else had been accomplished dur
ing th c past year we would have plenty to
rejoice over."
But that was not all. By sending an ex
hibit to the Atlanta Exposition Tulare
County secured the gold medal for the
best peaches produced in the United States.
Through the efforts of the Board of Trade
the farmers were induced to experiment
with beet-culture, with &o excellent results
that a bect-snuar factory will be built, and
will distribute $500,000 annually among the
people. A great work achieved was the in
corporation of and beginning of work on
the Kaweah Irrigation and Power Com
pany's electric plant, which will mean
manufacturing on a large scale. The erec
tion of a flourinill, and the paving of the
streets were other useful achievements.
That Visalia is determined to throw into
the present year the same energy which
brought so much prosperity in the year
just gone is proved by the efforts which
are now being made to establish a fruit
cannery there. It t-eems somewhat strange
that so necessary and important an enter
prise has not been started betore. The
Visalia Del{a announces that A. D. Cutter
of San Francisco, president of the Cutting
Fruit Packing Company, has made a prop
osition for the establishment of such a
cannery. It contemplates co-operation on
the part of the people, and is now under
consideration.
J. Pentecost, for the past three years
one of the publishers of the Middletown
Independent, has left that paper to accept
the secretaryship of the Alaska Improve
ment Company, and will hereafter live in
San Francisco.
That quicksilver mining in the region
between Mount St. Helena and Clear Lake
is an important industry is seen from this
information published by the Napa Regis
ter: ''Following are the number of Masks
of quicksilver shipped from the various
mines during the month just pagsed, as
reported by the station agent at Calistoga:
Napa Consolidated, 475; -Etna Consoli
dated, 305; Great Western, 255; Mirabel,
•235; Sulphur JJanK, G34; total. 1954 Masks,
making an increase of 380 Masks over the
November shipment. The total shipment
for the year just ended amounted to 1,771 ,
-400 pounds, against 1,617,500 pounds for
1894."
A proposition has been made to the San
Jose Board of Trade by \V. S. Boody of
Philadelphia to build a glass works in San
Jose if a tract, of land of about half an acre
with railroad facilities were given the com
pany. He and his associates would put
$6000 to |10,000 in the plant and felt sure
of success. The cheaper products would
be at lirst made and later finer goods
would be turned out. The work 3 would
employ from seventy to one hundred peo
ple, which would be increased to live hun
dred in three years.
This proposition met with such favor
that a committee was appointed to secure
the site needed.
Having disposed of the Lodi Sentinel,
Ruggles & Bueck are to begin the publica
tion of a high-class society, literary and
political weekly ai Stockton.
Says the San Jose News: F. TV. Cran
dail, one of the California Dried-fruit
Commissioners, has written to the San
Jose Board of Trade acknowledging the
receipt of a lot of cooking fruit. He says a
gold medal has been promised to "William
"Warren for a box of prunes sent. He is
anxious to attend the Nashville Exposi
tion, where he thinks he can accomplish
much good. His letter concludes: "My
demonstration here has caused the sale of
tons of California dried fruit, and in many
cases to parties who have never used it be
fore. Add to this the thousands from
abroad who sampled it here and who will
take the little books home with them and
will buy ana use it when they want fruit."
The Coquille Bulletin is now run by B. F.
Lawrence, Mr. Lamb having withdrawn.
The remaining energetic editor promises
to continue his hard work for the up
building of Coquille City and Coos County.
The Los Angeles Journal gives full in
formation of the extensive water worts
which are being constructed on the south
side of Antelope Valley, near Palmdale,
by the South Antelope Valley Irrigation
Company, a corporation backed by Los
Angeles and Eastern capital. "The com
pany," says the Journal, "owns a large
body of land in the vicinity of Palmdale as
well as the irrigation system that has fur
nished the South Antelope country with
water during the past ten years. In order
to increase the present supply and provide
for future requirements, the company is
building a large ditch from their head
works on Little Rock Creek to the dry lake
west of Harold station on the Southern
Pacihc Railroad. This lake covers an area
five miles in circumference, and can be
flooded to a depth of fifty feet. Occupy
ing an elevated position overlooking An
telope Valley, it forms a perfect storage
reservoir, and when utilized will be the
means of reclaiming 30,000 acres of Los
Anseles County lands now practically
valueless." The ditch from Little Rock
Creek is eight miles long and will carry
10,000 miners' inches.
The Hen Man is the title of a new paper
to be started at Petahuna in the interest
of the poultry industry.
The Redding Free Press publishes an
ably written array of the resources and re
cent progress of Shasta Count} 1 . "The
county," says our contemporary, "is enter
ins upon an epoch of development that is
destined to make her one of the foremost
counties in the State. Her mines are
proving to be bullion producers second to
none on the coast, and .their magnitude
and intrinsic worth are bringing in new
capital every day, whose magic touch is
opening up splendid-payiner properties on
every hand and giving an impulse to busi
ness in general unparalleled in the his
tory of the county. Our vast stores of iron
ore and building stone, unlimited in quan
tity and unequaled in quality, only await
cheap transportation facilities to add an
other source of wealth. Our lumber in
terests are already a great source of income
and give employment to a large num
ber of operatives, which makes a market
for large quantities of the productions of
our farmers. The fruit interests of Shasta
County are becoming a very important
factor in our production"!, and are increas
vcry rapidly. We have thousands of acres
of the finest fruit lands on earth that only
await the advent of a comprehensive sys
tem of irrigation to make them pro
ductive. There are several schemes on
foot looking to the inauguration of irriga
tion on an extensive scale. There is an
abundance of water in all parts of the
county that only requires to be applied in
a systematic manner to the lands to irri
gate the whole tillable surface of the
county and make it blossom as a garden,
besides furnishing unlimited electrical
power."
The Bakersfield Californian announces
the practical completion of the new bridge
across Kern River built by tho Power De
velopment Coin pan}*, and says that Man
ager C. X. Beal has come to San Francisco
for the purpose of letting contracts for the
installation of the plant. It will take
about four months to make the necessary
machinery and about two months to put >t
in place. Some time along about the mid
dle of next summer, therefore, we may ex
pect to see this important and greatly de
sired improvement ready for active opera
tion.
The anniversary number of the Los An
geles Capital was one of the best ever issued
in that city.
The Fresno Republican furnishes inter
esting details of the incorporation of the
Kings River Electric Power Company, al
ready noticed in these columns. The cap
ital stock is $360,000, all of which has been
subscribed, as follows: S. P. Earl of Keed
ley, ?W),000; J. S. Jones of Eeedley, $60,
--000; James Sibley of Dinuba, $(50,000;
Charles G. Wilcox of Yisalia, $y0,000; Wil
liam H. Hammona of Visalia. $ I X>,OOO.
The main purposes of the company are to
izcnerate and sell electrical energy and
operate an electric road. The works will
be established on Kings River at a point
east of fc-anger. A rower of 4000 horses
will be secured, and the neighboring towns
will be furnished with light and power.
Another useful purpose is indicated by
the Sanger Herald, which says that the
company contemplates pumping water to
be used in irrigating lands near the hills
too eievated to be reached by gravity
canals. These lands are as fertile as any
in this valley, and if the cost of lifting
water is not too great there is no reason
why much profit might not be derived
from that source. They are in the thermal
belt, and the new interest which has been
aroused in citrus fruits may lead to the
planting of orange and lemon orchards
near the base of the hills. The water to
irrigate them may be pumped by elec
tricity.
C. B. Whiting announces that hereafter
he, assisted by his two sons, will confduct
the Colusa Herald on lines of his own.
Wonderful strides are being made in the
conversion into electrical energy of the
waier power now going to waste in the
mountains. The Merced Star says: "H.
H. Clark, general manager of the Horse
shoe Bend vineyard, has completed
arrangements for the formation of a com
pany to be known as the Uend Power
Company to generate electric power from
the Merced River at a point about four
miles from Coulterville and the same
distance from the rich mines of Hunter's
Valley. The establishment of such a con
cern selling power at $3 per horse power
per mouth will revolutionize quartz min
ing in the district and inaugurate a
period of profitable, substantial and per
manent industry greater than could be
lookea for from the operations of several
gold mining companies each as large as
the Coulterville corporation." The new
company will start with a capital of $500,000
and active work will begin next month.
The Salinas Owl has appeared in a hand
some new dress, and gives evidence of the
prosperity which its energy and intelli
gence have earned.
The management of the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe road, according to the
San Bernardino Saturday Review, has ac
quired ownership of the Third arid D
streets horse-car line in that city, and will
at once transform it into an electric line.
The Pacific Rural Press, San Francisco,
has celebrated its twenty-fifth birthday by
reducing its subscription price and promis
ing to continue its good work of advancing
the rural interests of the State.
The Matin Jourtial, published at San
Rafael, commends the value and excel
lence of the wagon road which San Quen
tin convicts are constructing from San
Rafael to Tiburon. Our contemporary
says: "A Journal reporter last week
visited the scene of operations near Green
brae. Work at present is confined to cut
ting through two hills, the largest requir
ing a cut of 500 feet long by about thirty
deep, through solid rock. When it is re
membered that the road is to be forty feet
wide, it will be seen what an immense
amount of work is involved in the two
cuts. The rock and dirt removed from the
hills will be used in filling in a marsh, one
and a half miles wide, a few rods south
west of the station. The benefits of a good
road from San Rafael to Tiburon are in
calculable. Passing through romantic
scenery, where there are many fine build
ing sites, it will enhance land values and
enable our merchants to ship their goods
direct from Tiburon, thus adding to the
importance of the county seat. The only
expense of the road to Marin will be the
cost of Mr. Cclwell's supervision, the blast
ing powder and a little drill steel."
The Cloverdale Reveille has passed into
t lie sole ownership of R. B. Baer, ft. B.
Baer having retired. The new proprietor
says: "We believe Cloverdale is on the
eve of better times, and her citrus, horti
cultural and viticultural interests are of
sufficient worth to make this section a
prosperous community."
In a review of the progress made by
Petaluma last year the Argus makes a
strong showing. Many houses were built,
the factories all ran on full time through
out the year, a brewery was established,
two newspapers were started, an electric
fire alarm system was installed, several
important organizations were formed, a
bicycle track was built, municipal owner
ship of light and water plants was decided
on, navigation of the creek was improved,
coal and fire-clay were discovered in the
mountains near by, and other advances in
progress were made.
The Advance, a bright weekly paper at
Templeton, has been leased by Albert H.
Hutchinson, who has made a promising
beginning.
The San Dieiro Sun announces the com
pletion of the N. C. and O. Railroad from
San Diego to Tia Juana, just across the
Mexican line.
PERSONAL.
M. Mayfield, a capitalist of St. Louis, Mo., is
at the Baldwin.
W. 11. Halton. an attorney of Modesto, is a
guest at the Lick.
F. J. McCarthy, an architect of Los ADgeles,
is staying- at the Palace.
R. M. Green, a merchant and mine-owner of
Oroville, is at the Grand.
M. Prince, a merchant of Santa Rosa, regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
K. E. Jack, a big laud-owner of San Luis
Obispo, is staying at the Palace.
Sam A. Alexander, a leading merchant of'
Fresno, registered at the Lick, yesterday.
Superior Judge T. C. Law of Merced came to
town yesterday and put up at the Occidental.
Frank R. Wehe, a mining man of Downie
ville, was one of ycsterdav's arrivals at the
Lick.
A. M. Duncan, a merchant of Ukiah and one
Of the Supervisor) of Mendocino County, is at
the Grand.
W. A. Close, vice-president of the New Jersey
Transportation and Steamship Company, reg
istered at the Palace yesterday.
11. F. Griffiths, a prominent horie men of
New Orleans, and hi.s wile, arrived here yes
terday and registered at the Baldwin.
TO THE UNKNOWN GOD.
All hail to Tliee, Force of the forces !
I'h" p lse of atomic vibration,
The gprm of conception and being,
The impulse of matter and m nd.
Thine, Tnine are the infinite sources,
A function o! endless duration,
The rhythm oi sound ana of seeing,
The soul of the scul of mankind.
The myths of the centuries hoary,
As told by the seeis and the sages,
Awaken a smile of derision
At the faiths nn<t the fables of yore.
We stlon the stars, and iheir story,
Proclaimed by the audible ages,
Reveals to our wondering vision
The past and its mystical lore. ■
Thou, thou art the motive and motion,
The Life and tbe .Life Everlasting,
Which thrills and pervades and possess?s
Baoh a;om in limitless space.
We pay Thee a silent devotion:
Xot sacrifice, penance and fasting
Caii solace a, bob] t'unt confesses
A <'0.1 of infinite grace.
Uncompassed of time and location.
Fulfilled ot desire and possession,
We ripen to final fruition.
Dismantled of il^sh and its thrall.
No lonKiT the stress of probation,
So longer the pang of transgression,
. For death is not death, but transition,
And thuu an the All and In All. .
Lucirs Harwooi) Foote, in Now York Sun.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
I |It is a curious fact that after eleven years'
captivity in the hands of the Mahdi, Slatin
Pasha's greatest difficulty was to walk up
stairs—an art which he had almost forgotten.
General B. F. Tracy ex-Secretary of the Navy,
has been appointed by Sheriff Tamsen of New
York official counsel to succeed Charles F.
Mac Lean, recently elected to the Supreme
Court. The salary is $6000 a >ear.
The Queen of Italy, during her autumn eo
journ at Monza, assiduously practiced as a
cyclist under the guidance of a Milanese pro
fessor, and she is new able to cover long
distances with east- arid safety.
The name of Queen Victoria's Hindoo secre
tary is Mimshi Hanz Abdul Karim, who has
also taught her Majesty lliiidoostanee. He is
a dark-complexioned gentleman, who wears
Eastern garments, and has a fringe of black
beard around his cheeks and chin.
Emperor William of Germany received from
the Empress several Christmas presents of
great appropriateness. She cave him a set of
porcelain plates with paintings on them of
naval scenes, six drinking cups, each holding
a golden spoon, and two large landscapes
painted by a German artist.
Cornelius Vanderbilt was elated the other
day because he was able to eat a few stewed
oysters and not bo distressed. Mr. Va.iderbilt
for years has suffered from acute dyspepsia,
and has been pleased enough when" a bit of
cracker and a bip of malted milk did not bring
agony to him.
ALLEGED HUMOR.
A well-known Bodieite.it is reported, is go
ing to many his laundress. He'd better look
out; she might do him up.— Jim Townsend.
"I see it is estimated that the Kaffirs steal
$1,250,000 worth of diamonds a year."
"Yes; I suppose the poor creatures have to
wear something."— Washington Capital.
Micmac— Wonder if it is true that there were
two fall moons in the month of December?
Kuitowle— Oh, yes; I can swear to that. I
was coming home from the club night before
New Years, and I saw both of them as plain as
could be.— Boston Transcript.
A man of 3G, arrested for stealing fruit In
the Paris Halles recently, turned out to have
been formerly a banker. He had an accom
plice who wa-s an es-notary, while the stolen
property was peddled lrom door to door in a
basket by the ex-banker's inistre-b, who not
long ago was a society woman.
Little Mrs. Justwed (sobbingly)— Ju-ju-just
think, Harold! The cuc-cuc-cat nas eaten all
of the angel rake I bun-bated thi3 ni-m-morn
ing! And, oh— boot hoo! ho-o-o-o!
Mr. Justwed (soothingly)— There, there, dar
ling! Don't cry about it! I'll get you another
cat to-morrow !— Puck.
UTAH'S STAR,
The most important requirements In the ad
mission of Utah have been fulfilled, and what :
remain are but the usual formalities. The last j
of these will be an official order for the army
and navy declaring the addition of another
star to the Union. This will take effect on
the Fourth of July next, says the New York
World. #
Of course all the new flags that are issued by I
the Government after that date will boar the
full complement of forty-five stars, but many
of the old flags will continue to float in the
breezes with only the present number of stars,
an;l without any people beine: the wiser.
The Government is iar too economical to call
in all of its old flags and have them changed
whenever there is an addition to the sister- ■
THE FORTY • FIFTH STAR ADDED TO OUR FLAG.
hood of States. The old flags are changed ac
cording to the will or leisure of the men in
charge'of them.
The official arrangement of the stars end of
the stripes of Old Glory is an important mat
ter, which is in charge of a special board of
army and navy ollicers. While it has not yet
been officially decided, it is more than pio'r,
able that the "new star will occupy the blank
space which now exists in the I'nion in the
fifth row from the top nearest the flagstaff.
This addition will make the appearance of the
Union even more symmetrical than it is at
present.
There are now six rows of stars in the Union,
the top and bottom rows being each composed
of eight stars and the other four of seven stars
each. Utah's stnr will make eight in the fifth
row and will be the first in the row next the
staff.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
POPULIST FUNDAMENTALS.
ADOPTED BY THE NATION AS THE BASIS OF THE
GOVERNMENT.
To the Editor of The. CaO— Sib: "3y all, for all" '
is the first axiom in the science of government ;
as I'opulif ts understand the purposes of gov- |
ernment. Their ruler is the legally expressed !
voice of the people. They have no other king, '■
emperor or kaiser. "We, the people, do or- •
Uain," is the Populist formula. With the
founders of the Nation, Populists hold that the
sole purpose of instituting a government is to
secure the safety and happiness of the people,
nnd that its sole authority is derived from the i
consent of the governed, not from the will of a
king or of a plutocracy. They Mand as Liu
coin stood, for "a government of the people, '.
by the people, for the people."
Populists hold that whatsoever concerns all
Citizens alike in National, State or municipal ■
government— as, for example, the proper edu- j
cation of the people for the safe exercise of the ;
elective franchise, the carrying of the mail, j
the raising of revenues for the support of the i
Government, the erection of suitable buildings '
for public use, the choice of those who are to
govern or to enforce the laws, and the like
public needs— shall be done by the whole body
of the people under the fundamental law, "By
rll for all." SoPnlißta liml as a fact tlmt until
within the last thirty years of our National
history this fundamental law was fairly well
observed and recognized in the management
of public affairs, in the enactment of statutory
law and the exercise oi the powers conferred
upon Government by the people. But Popu
lists claim that within recent years a gigantic
power has arisen, known as the corporation,
which overrides the rights of the citizen, aud
that it is the express purpose of the People's
party to restore to the Government the func
tions which have been unwisely and corruptly
bestowed upon corporate associations of men,
who exercise these functions of Government to
the undue enrichment of themselves and the
impoverishment aud oppression of the people
as a whole.
Let us now put to the test the axiom "By oil
for all," The Populist declaration of principles
as set out in their Nationnl platform at Omaha.
They contend for three great issues, namely, a
national money, the Government or people's
ownership of the railroads ana telegraphs" and
the restriction of ownership in land by cor
porations and aliens. The first contention, for
a national money to be issued by the Govern
ment only, and to be a full leeal tender for all j
debts, meets the requirements of the axiom, ,
for it is to be issued by all ior all. on equal j
terms to all citizens, thereby depriving bank- I
Ing corporations of their exclusive privilege of |
obtaining- money from the Government at 1
per cent, to be loaned by them at such rates oi
interest as the exigencies of borrowers may
force them to pay, ranging from 5 to 15 per
cent. This is in accord with the rule, lor it
deals with exact justice by all and grants spe- ■
cml privileges to none.
The second contention, that the Government
shall own and operate the railroads and tele
graphs in the interest of all the people, is like- j
nist? in accord with the rule, for if any profit
is charged above the cost of operation it will i
go into the treasury of the Nation and thereby '
reduce the expenses of the Government; or if i
operated at cost it will Iciivp the millions here- j
tofore collected by the railroad and telegraph j
magnates in the hands of the people, and jus
tice will be meted out to all the inhabitants
alike.
The third contention, that "the land is the
inheritance of the people," and may not be
monopolized and held in large areas from the
use and occupation of the people, accords with
the rule, for if land may of right be monopo
lized, it is only a question" of time, and not of a
dim and distant period, when all the land will
pass into posesssion of a few billionaire corpora
tions, auci '-the inheritance of the people" will
be the perpetual serfdom of a tenant peas
r.ntry, toiling in ignorance and squalor for the
ruth less and soulless corporations which "own"
the land.
It has been the glory of the Republican party
that it opened the public lauds to the poor as
"homesteads"— the free gift of the Government
of 100 acres to each head of a family. That
party must certainly be in sympathy with the
People's party on the land question— a ques
tion of the most serious moment to the Nation
if this is to remain "the land of the free and
the home of tiio brave."
I close with the suggestion that the President
and the Congress, the Governors and Legisla
tures, the Mayors and Councilmen, the Judges
and juries, as well as the county roads and city
slreois, the State and City public libraries, the
asylums and the prisons, are only so many
illustrations: of the practical application of the
Populist axiom, "By All for All," which must
soon include streetcar linos, gas and electric
lighting plants, water works, a free public
market, and Mich like things needed for pro
moting the general welfare, the benefit, saietv
and haopiness of the people.
 _ Joseph asbury Johnson.
II fcssex stree., San Francisco.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Saltcs, Novelist— Edear Saltus, the novelist,
is still alive. His latest novel is "Madame
Sapphira," 1893.
Postage on The Ca.ll— The postage on the
Sunday edition of The Call is to England for
twcnty-iour pases 3 cents, and for twenty
eight pages 4 cents.
\MndatSea— A. H., City. Captains of ves
sels when at sea have no way of determining
how the wind is going to blow, but by watching
its effects they can tsll how it does blow.
City Hall Girdkr— e. P. 8., City. The larg
est girders in the City Hal] are those in the
wing in which the Free Library is located.
The length is 127 feet, height 0 feet 3 inches
and width 3 feet 0 inches.
Pacific Improvement Company — H. A. D.,
City. The Pacific Improvement Company is a
corporation within n. corporation. It is an or
ganization that came into existence for the
purpose of buildirg railroads for the Southern
and Central I'acifie companies and furnishing
both companies with material and supplies.
It is officered by the officers of the two com
panies named.
Native Sons' Hall Girders— E. E. E., City.
A. C. Lutjens, the architect for the Native Sous'
new building on Mason street, near Geary, says
the largest girders in that building are 00 ieet
"\4 inches long, 4 feet 10 inches high and 16
indies wide. They are known as steel box
girders. The weight of ea,ch of the two largest
is fifteen tons.
Sal-its, the Poet— ll. J. 8., Pan Jose, Cal.
Francis S. Saltus, poet and author, was born In
New York in 1849, died in Tarrytown, N. V.,
June 24, 18S0. He was educated in Columbia
I College, mastered ten langauges. He contri
buted to a number of magazines and news
papers, and a number of his contributions
were, in addition to those in the Eng.ish lan
guage, in French, Oermn.ii and in Italian. Ho
wrote over his own name and "Cupid Jones."
He was also a good musician.
The Luxembourg— Subscriber, Sebastopol, So-,
noma County, Cal. The Luxembourg palace-
Paris, is on the south bank oi tne Kivr Seine
opposite the Louvre. It was built by Marie de
Medlcis, wife of Henry IV of France. It
passed through many hands, among them
those of the liuke de Luxembourg, who gave it
his name. The French Directory held Its meet
ings there in 1795, and the Consuls and the
Senate also used it. The Senate of the king
dom sat there during Ihe Restoration. The
palace contains rooms that were formerly the
throne room and the private offices oi Napo
leonlll.
Perspiration— S., City. It is said that the
following Is a remedy to check perspiration of
the feet: Dust the feet twice a day with a
;■<• v<!er composed of twenty grains of salicylic
acid, one-half ounce of boric acid, one ounce
of oxide of zinc and one ounce of talcum.
PRE.MIERS of Engi^nd— Kanuck, City. The
following table shows the Premiers of England
since the days of Disraeli, the day they went
into oflice and the leugtb*of time they served:
Name.
Date.
In Office.
Yrs. Dys?
Benjamin Disraeli Feb. 27,1868 ..
W. E. Gladstone Dec. 9,1868 6
Disraeli (Earl ot Bea-
constielrl) Feb. 21,1874 6
W. E. Gladstone : . April 28, 1880 6
Marquis of Salisbury... June 24. 1885 ..
W. K. Gladstone Feb. 6,1886 ..
Marquis Of Salisbury... Aug. 3,1886 6
\V. E. Gladstone auk. 18, 1592 1
Earl of Rosebezy |Mar. 3,1894 1
Marquis of Salisbury... | July 2,1895 ..
286
71
67
67
227
178
15
193
32
LADY'S WAIST WITH BLOUSE FRONT
This pattern shown here is a waist with a
French blouse front. It is suitable alike for
woolen, silk or cotton materials; for extra
waists or to match skirts.
As shown it is of white dimity with circles of
blue. The trimming is yellow valenciennes
lace with collar and belt of blue satin ribbon.
A waist of blue silk with black dots or stript-a
might be made with belt and collar of black
nnd the one box pleat in front aud the two in
the back edged with narrow black lace. V
very dressy waist may be made of black chiffon
over a bright silk, with collar and belt of
Dresden ribbon.
For a cool and charmine gown, brown Hol
lands with a skirt to match is much liked; the
trimming consists of bright-toned taft'eta rib
bon, which is used for the cru»h belt and col
lar and the latter finished with an immeu>a
bow at the back, us shown here.
A brown crepon dress, with skirt and waist
of the same material, is very dainty with the
entire front of the waist "in white chiffon,
trimmed with yellow Valenciennes lace.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
Townsend's special sale— Fresh cream mixed
candies, 15c a pound; worth 35c. •
• — ♦■ — »
Efecial information daily to manufacture™,
business houses and public men by the Prau
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
• — » — •
"You say you're poor, Cadby; yet you sport
a gold cigarette case."
"Economy, dear boy. With a handsome case
one can smoke the cheapest cigarettes."— New
York Sun.
Mebit is what gives Hood's Sarsaparflla its great
popularity and constantly increasing sales. It per
fectly and permanently cures catarrh, rheuma
tism, salt rheum, in fact all blood diseases.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
VIA SANTA FE ROCXK.
A new train throughout begins October 2».
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule rec!lnln«*
chair cars and dining-cars. Loj Angeles to Chi
cago, vi» Kansas City, without cnanga. Annex
cars on sharp connection for Denver anJ St.
Louis. Twenty-seven hours quicker than tht
quickest competing train. The Santa Fe haj boaa
put in tine physical condition and U now ih« bass
transcontinental railway.
, — • — •
"Sirs. WiiisloTr's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of motv
ers for their children while Teething with porfeet
success, It soothes the child, softens the gum*, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Boweli
and I 3 the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, wheth»r
arising from teething or other causes. For sale by
Druggists In every part of the world. He sure aai
nsk Jot Mrs. V. taste**! Soothing Syr 2ii «
bottle.
Coroxado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and is entirely free from the mists com
mon further Dor.h. Kound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel d»!
Coronr.do, j-'JO; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
i. Kew .Montgomery St., San Francisco.
NEW TO-DAY.
1$ Monday, Jan. ltfh. To-day only.
|q Black ink — Sanford's
|J universal size — best, 5
Ll bottles for 5 cts. Pays
Irf y° l \ to watch this.
It'fA Complete li3ts at your command.
ll '-arst-si Department store.
]« Smiths 1 Cash Store,
*** 414, 416, 418 Front ST., S. F.\Y...~ .JANCABI 13
AMI SEMENTS.
Fai-Bwin Thv:atv:h-— "The Love Chase."
Camkohma Tjivatek-" Murinion."
Coi.i-.mhia Theati:i;-"Tlic Senator.' 1
Morobco's orKitA-liocsK-" A bong l.nne."
TivoltOpi "Ixlon: or, The Man of
the \\ lice!."
Orfhecm— HigU-aass .Vnnrt^vHlp.
Mr.vir.-h AicA7Ait.-"MyPreeious Baby."
frrcTTnr Cn.-TKs-Daily at ilaigu: street
t> t L:ock rnst of 11.0 Park.
IACIUCCOAST JOCKKY < ■Kiic-PS.
AUCTION >Al.i S.
Py Vox Bhkix Thnrsdav, January 16.
j;,.;.i ],;:,; at Salesroom, 513 California street,
ut 12 o'clock.
Eastost «fc Ki.pnTiKiE.— Tuesday, January 21.
Real] Estate, at 63S rket s'.reet, at 12 o'clock
noon.
Baldwin & Havmond.— Thursday, January 23,
Itenl ks:.i!<». Nt 10 -Montgomery st.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The electric tower was blown down by dyna
mite yesterday morning.
The theaters for this week offer excellent
bills of entertainment and amusement. 2fcJ|
The charitable institution called the Men's
Home has bei'n moved 10 34 Minna street.
The Pacific Mail steamship l'eru will go on
the drydock at Hunters Toint this morning.
The last of the sealing fleet will get away for
the coming hunting season during this week.
There were 103 real estate loans made last
week, amounting in the aceregate to $45(),1£8.
The engagement has l>een announced of John
S. Dram of Oakland to Miss Rossiteroi this
City.
Mayor Sutro is of the opinion that Congress
man Maetri re will st»y there is a sack in the
funding bill.
The Pacifies defeated the Olympics in a base
boll match at itral I'nrk yesterday afternoon
by 11 runs to rf.
The City tribes of the Red Men will hold an
installation of chiefs at Odd Fellows' Hall
next Saturday evening.
Archbishop Kiordan preached eloquently at
Pt. Mary's Cathedral yesterday on the Christ
ian home and family.
Grand Patron Merritt of the rder of the
Eastern Star will vUlt Fallen Leaf Chapter at
PiKcervil'e this eve>. lag.
Troop A of the National Guard intend soon
to move their armory from Pacific avenue to
tome locality farther" downtown.
"Continued cloudy threatening weather and
probably light rain'" is the prediction for to
day's weather issued by Forecaster McAdie.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of Golden Gate Com
mandery X;>. ii) will cive an entertainment in
Golden Gate Hall nest Wednesday afternoon.
An address on "The Evolution of Society"
was delivered before the Socialist Labor party
et Pythian Hall last night by Arthur H. San
born.
l>r. Brown occupied the pulpit of the First
Congregational Church yesterday. He offered
no ■. rd of explanation, but asked suspension
of judgment.
Dr. H. C. Mintnn of Westminster Presbyte
rian Church yesterday in a rermon rcored the
Christian nations for permitting the slaughter
of the Armenians.
Dr. Carlos Martyn, who is called the "Parlc
hurst of Chicago," delivered an interesting
hermon on municipal reform at Dr. Dille's
church last night.
Vosemite Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, will hold h public installation a;
the rnerol Twenty-third street and Potrero
avenue next Wednesday evening.
The new Columbia target, recently adopted
by the umbia Pistol and Rifle 'club, was
tried by the members yesterday at the Shell
Mound range and it proved a great success.
Hilda Haas cave birth to a baby boy at 505
Post >tr*>ei early yesterday morning luid the
baby's life was sacrificed because the mother
refused to have a physician in attendanc e upon
her.
At the annual meeting of the Hebrew Be
nevolent Society yesterday it was decided to
becin arrangements for a fair to be held in
about two months for the benefit of the He
brew Home.
T(>-day the Harbor Commission officials will
order Captain .-ciiroeder of the schooners. E. ]
Perry- to move lits re«!«*l sway from Mali:-«treet
wharf, where he docked her without permis
sion Saturday.
A •igniticent monument in memory of
Chief Srnnnell wa« unveiled yester lay in the
firemen's lot in Laurel Hill "Cemetery by ex- i
empt and veteran tiren.en and Mexican War
vi-terans in the presence of a large crowd.
John Fleming, 3(5 I'otrero avenue, was clean-
Ing his revolver, which was loaded, yesterday
morning when it exploded and the bullet went
through his left hand. The wound was at
tended to at the Receiv.ng Hospital.
The handball courts wero crowded yester
day, and among the attractions was a game at
the Occidental between Amateur Champion
Jionnelly and T. F. Bonnet and Champion Kil
gallnn at Denver and R. Linehan, the former
team winning.
A select orchestral society is to be organized
in connection with the Young Men's Christian
Association Monday evening, January 21, and
will be conducted for the present by Alex T.
Stewart of Oakland. The orchestra will meet
every Mor.day evening for the present at 8
o'clock at the Association building, Mason
and Ellis streets.
The Government authorities discovered that
a systematic swindle had been perpetrated for
rears r.t the Presidio by loldiers selling their
clothing i<< 6aloon-keepersat Harbor View, who
made derable money through the truns
aetioßs. John Hogan, one of the saloon men,
was csught and has disappeared. It is said
he made at least $10,000 in the traffic.
Thursday evening next the Brotherhood of
Ft. Andrews, Bt. Luke's Church Chapter, will
give the social evening at the Association
building. Extensive preparations are being
made f or the event; a most interesting pro
pram of music and rcailins* will be presented
with short addresses by Rev. W. H. Moreland
and others. All members and friends of the
institution are invited to the reception.
To-morrow evening at 8 o'clock Professor
Ardley of the University of California will de
liver his second lecture in the Young Men's
Christian Association on "Art: Practical De
signs and How to Construct It." The lectures
are open to both ladies and gentlemen. They
are eeedingly interesting and instructive.
The lectures are also illustrated by drawings
acd designs.
A FEMALE BUBGLAR.
She and Two Young: Men Mnke an Un
mri'rsitful Attempt to Knter a
House on Guerrero Street.
The Mission has a new sensation in the
shape of a woman burglar and the police
have Deen vainly trying 9ince Thursday to
find out her identity.
On Thursday afternoon, about 2 o'clock,
an unsuccessful attempt was made to
break into the residence of J. Carroii, 113
Guerrero "street, while the family were
downtown. A lady livine at 120 Guerrero
street, at th^ hour mentioned, saw a younc
man ring the doorbell several times and
then go around to the rear of the house.
She saw another youn«; man standing; on
the sidewalk apparently on the lookout,
while a well-dressed young woman stood
on tbe opposite side of the street, about
sixty feet away, evidently also on the look
out.
The lady at 120 became suspicious and
she notified the policeman on the beat.
When he reached the house the young
man in the rear had joined the one in front
and when tbe nthcer asked for an explana
tion they said they were newspapermen
and wanted to interview Mr. Carroll. As
the officer had nothinc tangible against
them be let them go. When they walked
away they were joined by the young
woman.
Aft.T the Carroll family had returned
and their neighbor bad told them what
had occurred an investigation showed that
an attempt bad been made to force open a
window in the rear. The police have a
good ription of the two young men
»ii the woman and expect to have them
under arrest EOOQ.
Calamblan Broking Company Election.
The annual stockholders' meeting of the Co
lumbian Banking Company was held at the
office of '!'• company, 336 Bush 6treet, Satur
day, January 11, 1896 'I I. <• manager's report
mowed a satisfactory business for the year
M.& thai the bank mv on a dividend-paying:
'" isl >-- 'ili«- following directors wett elected to
«em ior the eiiMiiiij* year: I. J. Truman. John
."l. j.c. Currier, W. 8. Miller, N. C. Hawks,
n- ' rry and >'• 1.. Turnin. After the ad-
J ° J ' : j mc "t oi the sto<:kholders' nieeßm tne
■••;• board met and elected the following olh
":f.t/? f ' Cry until January, 1897: I.J.Truman,
KrrV lc " l; xs -«- Miller, vice-president; CO.
«*nager and cushier.
HE IS A PRINCE
OF THE CHURCH.
Archbishop Riordan's Title
in the Catholic Hier
archy.
HIS BRILLIANT CAREER.
He Won Laurels as a Student
and Eminence as Priest
and Prelate.
WORKS FOR GOD AND HUMANITY
An Eloquent Discourse on the Chris
tian Home and Family-
Unity.
Archbishop Riordan is a magnetic per
son. When in action in the pulpit you
readily pronounce Dim a master of the art
of speech and a sage in thought. He is an
MOST REVEREND P. W. RIORDAN, ARCHBISHOP OF SAN FRANCISCO.
etched from life yesterday by a ''Call" adhl.-"
orator of orator?, a preacher of preachers,
! a thinker of thinkers, at once combining
all the essentials of a great man and a
great churchman.
An archbishop is a prince of the Roman
Catholic Chu-ch. Therefore he is usually
addressed as his Grace. This custom of
! addressing a prelate is religiously adhered
i to in old Catholic countries, rich in the
splendor of Catholic tradition, but in the
American church it has come to be re
garded as prouer and dignilied to salute a
dignitary of the hierarchy simply by his
title of Archbishop or Bishop, as the occa
sion may require.
Archbishop Riordan is not the man to
! quarrel with you over mere t.tles. While
he is a man of marked dignity, as becomes
his great office, he soon makfs the inter
viewer or visitor at home by his kind
words and centle assurances. His respon
sibilities are stupendous. He is a hard
worker, a;;d, with an efficient and able
staff nf priests, he struggles along day
after day building churches, temples of
learning and homes for the orphans, the
helpless and the poor. The new seminary
which the Archbishop is now building at
Menlo Park, and which will be opened
very shortly, will be unsurpassed by any
other institution of learning in the West.
Archbishop Riordan passed his youth in
a seminary at Chicago. Then he went to
Rome and entered the American College.
This was in 1859. There he spent a year
in study and another year in Paris. Then
he entered the far-famed University of
Louvain, in Belgium. While abroad the
young student acquired a thorough knowl
edge of French, Italian, German and
Flemish. In all these languages the Arch-
I bishop can converse quite freely. His
j career as a student was brilliant. He was
ordained In the cathedral at Malines, Bel
gium, in 1865. Later he took the degree of
licentiate of theology.
On returning to America in 18C6 the
young priest was made professor of dog
; inatic theology and holy scripture in St.
Mary's Seminary, Chicago. In 1868 he
was appointed recior of St. Mary's Church,
Woodstock, and later of St. Mary's Church,
; .loliet. In 1871 he was appointed to the
I important pastorate ol St. James Church,
> Chicago. H- re he remained until appoint
ed coadjutor to the late Archbishop
Alemany with the right of succession.
The Archbishop's life in San Francisco
has been distinguished by the same bril
! liunt achievement that marked his career
I as a student abroad and a priest at home.
; The new cathedral on Van Ness avenue is
| an exemplification of his energy and Chris
tian zeal His labors have extended out
) into ninny worthy channels. He builds
i hospitals for the sick, homes for the poor
] aixt asylums foi the orphans.
The "Archbishop's sermon yesterday was
from the gospel of the day, LuKe 11:42-62,
| as follows:
And when twelve years old they went up to
Jerusalem, according to the custom of tlie
feast; and having fuliilted tlie days when 'hey
returned, the child Jesus reimiined in Jerusa
lem, and his parents tnewitnot. And think
ing he was in the company they came a day's
journey, and SOUftbt him umong their kinsfolk
and acquaintances. And not finding him
they returned unto Jerusalem, seeking him.
*nd it came to pass thai after three days they
found him in the temple Bitting in the midst of
the doctors hearing them, and asking them
questions. Ana nil I hat heard him were as
tonished «t his wisdom «nd his axuwera, And
seeing him they wondered. And his mother
haid to him: Son, wiiy hast ihou done so to us?
Behold, thy father and I have sought thee sor
rowing. And he said to them : How is it that
you sought, me? I>id you not know that I must
be about my father's ousiness? An 1 they un
derstood not the word ne spoke unto them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1896.
And he -went down with them end came to
Nazareth, ami was subject to them. And his
mother kept all these words in her heart. And
Jesus advanced in wisdom and age and grace
with God and man.
In the course of his discourse, which
was delivered in that musical voice pecu
liar to tne speaker, the Archbishop said:
If you read carefully these singular words of
the Lord you will readily comprehend that he
came on earth to teach divine truth, to build
up the spiritual life, to establish the kingdom
of God in the hearts oi men. After leaving
Jerusalem at the age of 12 years he went with
nil i parents to Nazareth, where he lived a poor
and uneventful life for 18 years. What was
his reason for this? Why did he obscure him- |
self in this little Syrian town? All this was
none lor a great purpose. All the works of
God are done silently. Plants grow quietly by
u»y and night; light pours noiselessly down
to illumine the planet; al! the great works of
nature are done in silence. And so the Lord re
mains in ob-rturity for eighteen years, grow
ing, developing, maturing iv silence, working
quietly in his father's carpenter-shop, living
in peace and love with Mary and Joseph, the
model Christian family.
Society is built on the iamily. Here we have
social union. Here religion must begin. Here
purity and virtue are nursed. In ancient times
the family did not exist as we see it to-day.
We do not find in the old the unity, dignity
and sanctity of the new. More is done for God
by the Christian family than is accomplished
by preaching the gospel. In the family of our
blessed Lord" we have the pattern family. Here
we have Joseph presiding over it and Mary,
the mother, and our Lord subject to it. Here
we see the growth of the child under the
mother. The life of the Lord was a peaceful,
natural development —an uninterrupted
growth from youth to perfect manhood.
How does this life compare with that of the
youth of our time? Our children take their
stand with their elders in tiie drawing-room
ana in the temple of amusement. Their whole
young life is dissipated. Our girls and boys
cense their intellectual growth at 18 years of
age and make their debut in the social world.
This is all wrong. It checks the development
of the religious, intellectual and physical life.
How differently the farmers treat their young
plants. How careful they are the tender root
j should not be disturbed; how careful they are
I that a breath should notldUturb them;"how
i they arc blessed frith the treasures of air and
; sunlight, and thus when the harvest is gath
i ered in the plant is found to be sturdy and
1 strong. On the other hand, had he rooted
1 them up from time to time they would have
I withered and finally died.
And so we have un important lesson on the !
gospel of t i-day, showing the Eternal Bon
going down to an obscure v liage and there
gro ing and developing physically, intellect
ually and morally.
.T t.^oj.li and Mary, though having a com
petence, were obliged to work for a living.
They belonged to the laboring class. Our
hies eel Lord says that c worked in the shop
j of his father, who was v carpenter. What rto
\vi- derive tro a th s lesson? It testifies to the
fm't that God iiitendrd that we should work.
j l.nbor is an emancipated condition of life. It
I belongs to the .substantial condition of human
nature. Our lives are wholesome and pure in
activity; they are foul and loathsome when
inactive. We were brought into the world to
j work. 'In the sweat of thy lace earn thy
bread.' Wort in ancient times was looked
1 upon ns a condition of slavery. One of the
1 great curses of this country was'the slavery in
; the South. It taucht men to believe that work
j was degrading. Guam against rejecting work ; ,'
: it shows a tendency of human nature back to
| paganism. That work is nobie is another
; beautiful lesson in to-day's gospel.
Our Lord came Into the world to save all;
1 to bring all to a knowledge of God. The great
j are few; tne learned are few; the rich are few.
i What is' our highest talent comparer! to the in
j linite wisdom of God? Knowledge is only a
' means to an end. Kiches are perishable.
! There were two classes among the pagans, the
■ rich and the poor. The Lord came to do away
. with all this. So wo never should lose courage
:on account of our condition in life. i 7 ou who
i struggle from day to day should feel encour
! aged for you are building up in your souls the
i kingdom of eiernal life.
Give your children an opportunity to de
-1 yelop both physically, intellectually and spir
: itually. Keep the girl a girl until she becomes
| a woman; tho boy a boy until he becomes a
; man. Train them carefully nnd in silence,
and when their minds are matured and their
'■ souls strong let them take their places among
I the people of the world. Teach them to work.
i for labor belongs to the constituted elements
;of life. It is noble and dignified. This world
iis God's workshop. Wo must work for our
; God. for our country and for religion.
The Archbishop drew a beautiful pic
ture of the home iife of the family of the
j Lord in Nazareth, and exhorted his hear
; ers to pattern after it in their domestic
I relations. The example had been handed
: down the ages and should be followed by
• all true Christians. In conclusion he said :
"The Christian family is the family of
■ the Nation, giving to the nation pure
i women and strong, brave men; where
reverence of law is found; where purity of
| speech is heard; where peace reigns."
The Archbishop scored the divorce laws
■ and declared them an ins'rument with
which deadly blows were dealt against the
; Christian family.
THROWN FROM A CART.
Kunaway Accident on the Ocean Boule- |
yard.
Yesterday afternoon Peter Burns, who !
lives on the Ban Bruno road near the
Golden City House, in company with a
friend, was riding in a two-horse cart
along the great highway opposite the
"Carville" when the animal lie was driv
ing became frightened at a train of the
Park and Ocean line as it was rounding I
the curve. The animal reared, kicked the
dashboard into bits and started off at a
terrific rate.
Burns fell out of the cart, but the other
man caught the reins and succeeded in!
turning the infuriated animal into the ;
brush, but in doing so he, too, was thrown
from the cart.
He escaped uninjured, but Burns sus
tained a severe scalp wound and injuries
to his left shoulder. His wound was tem
porarily dressed by a citizen and he was
placed on the cars and sent to his home.
| The runaway iiorse was caught a short dis
| tance from the scene of the accident.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Schooners Getting Ready for
Another Cruise in Japa
nese Waters.
A POOR CATCH ANTICIPATED.
The Captain of the Schooner Perry in
Trouble With Wharfinger
Dryden.
The foggy weather kept everybody away
from the wdter front yesterday, and in
consequence the tenders that ran between
the cruiser Boston and Folsom and Clay
street wharves did very Jittle business.
The Ethel and Marion from Clay street did
fairly well, but still the men who char
tered her did not pay expenses. At Fol
som-street wharf Henry Peterson, in the
launch Aiuy, did nearly all the business,
while the Millie did not earn enough to
pay her coal biil.
The only vessels that attracted any at
tention, outside of the excursion bouts were
the Edward O'Brien and Kenilworth.
Both are American vessels, and the spick
and span appearance of both attracted the
attention of the people who visited the
waterfront. The O'Brien is at Howard 2
and the Kenilworth at Harrison-street
wharf. Mate Oliver of the O'Brien has not
M\ MARY'S CATHEDRAL, VAN NESS AVENUE, WHERE UIS GR^CE ARCH.
BISHOP RIORDAN PREACHED YESTERDAY.
[From a photograph.]
heard the last of his trouble with the chief I
wharfinger.* He is liable, to a fine of $100
and 300 in the County Jail for refus- j
ing to move his ship when ordered, and as
the Harbor Commissioners intend to make
an example of him the legal battle is likely ,
to be a lively one.
The" Kenilworth was originally a British, j
ship, but during the fire that destroyed
the Port Costa grainsheds she was caught
in the blaze and burnt to the water's edge. j
She was rebuilt, placed under the Ameri- i
can ilag, and ever since has been trading
between San Francisco and European
ports. On this occasion she comes from
New York with a cargo of general mer
chanchise.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Pern goes on Hunters Point drydock this
morning. The stevedores have done very
quick work on her. as she only arrived last
Saturday, and during the intervening time
nearly 200 tons of cargo was discharged.
The men worked on her all Saturday
night, and succeeded in getting the vessel j
cleared.
The ship Rofaa E. Wood will go on the j
Merchants' drydock to-day to have her
fore foot repaired. Some time ago she
went ashore ana her stem was damaged by
the rocks. The hull is not injured to any
material extent, and a couple of days' j
work will make the wood as good as new. !
About the last of the sealers will get j
away this week. The fleet will be a very i
small one, as a gr<?;it many schooners will
remain in Oakland Creek in the hopes
that better times will come around. The !
Rattler made a successful trip last year, !
and she will tempt fortune again this sea- j
son. Captain Nelson will take her out.
On the 20th inst. the Mattie T. Dyer will |
go out n. charge of Captain Moeckler, and !
she will be about the last of the fleet to ;
sail.
All steamer 3 that arrive from foreign !
ports are now inspected by the United i
States quarantine officers. Dr. Bleu of the
United States Marine Hospital goes out to I
all vessels from China, Japan, Australia
and the South Sea Islands on the Govern- ',
ment tug and passes upon all the immi- i
grants. All the Chinese on the Peru were j
examined by both Dr. Chalmers, the State j
Quarantine Officer, and Dr. Bleu, bo it is a !
certainty that there was no contagion on j
that steamer.
Captain Schroeder of the schooner S. E. [
Perry and Wharfinger Dryden at Main- j
\ street wharf will have a passage at arms
to-day. Without permission Schroeder i
docked his vessel at Main street yesterday !
and began unloading a cargo of barrel- !
staves. Dryden stopped him anu said the I
schooner would have to be moved, as the '
revenue cutters Bear, Rush and Perry were j
to dock at tne wharf this morning. j
Schroeder. told the wharfinger in so many I
words that he intended to stay where he i
was, and no Harbor Commissioner nor !
anybody else would make him move. The
controversy will be settled to-day, and if ;
Captain Schroeder does not move his |
schooner tire chances are that he will find |
himself in jail.
The steamer Santa Rosa arrived from
southern ports yesterday. She brought j
"very little cargo and only about sixty cabin
passengers.
The Stockton steamers are to have a •
direct entrance from the wiiarves to the
upper deck. New gangways are being !
built and a portion of the sheds at Clay j
and Washington street wharves are being I
taken out in order to make room for them, i
With this improvement the steamers can
discharge and load cargo without any
danger to passengers.
AT THE THEATERS.
Tragedy, Melodrama, Comedy, Opera
and Vaudeville This Evening.
At the California Theater this evening
Louis James will present for the first time
in San Francisco, "Marmion," and he will
appear in the title role. This play was
dramatized especially for Mr. James by
Percy Sage, and is founded on the story of
Lord Marmion, Constance de Beverly and
Lady Jane Clare, immortalized in verse by
Sir Walter Scott.
Miss Marie Wainwright is to appear this
evening at the Baldwin in that sterling
comedy written by Knowles in 1837, ''The
Love Chase," assuming the character of
Constance. The role of Sir William Fond
love, the vain old baronet, who imagines
himself as spry as a youth of twenty, will
be tilled by Barton Hill. It is a good
comedy when well played.
This evening the Frawley Company is to
present that well-known comedy, "The
Senator," of which "NY . H. Crane made such
a success when he first produced it in this
City. The leading members of the Frawley
Company in the principal parts are saia
to have given a representation equal to
that given by Crane and his company.
"My Precious Baby" has proved such a
success at Grover's Alcazar that the man
agement has decided to continue it to
night and every night during the week.
The amusing dialogue, the funny situa
tions and the humor that runs through
the entire comedy are calculated to, and
do, keep the audience in a roar from rise
to fall of curtain.
Sedley Brown's pastoral comedy is to be
offered at the Grand Opera this evening.
It is entitled "A Long Lane," and is a
stage story of modern American life. The
several tableaux will be presented with
Striking effect. A novel scene will be the
one showing sheep-washers at work in a
large tank.
"Ixion, The Man at the Wheel," will
continue on the boards at the Tivoli Opera
house to-night, and for that, for the bal
ance of the week and perhaps longer; the
demand to witness this performance is so
great that the management is at a loss to
know when to take it off. The singing
and the dialogue meet the popular taste.
The vaudeville programme to be pre
sented at the Orpheum Music Hall this
evening is made up of many specialties
that are sure to draw a crowded house.
Among those whose names are on the bill
are William Roberts, reported to be th
c
greatest of American equilibrists, and Gil
more and Leonard, versatile Irish come
dians.
TROUBLED TELEGRAPHERS
Racing Returns Leaked, and Chief
Operator Mcßobie Was
Discharged.
No One Put Up the Wire Near the
Ingleside Track and No One
Tore It Down.
"When the secret wire of the downtown
pool-sellers came down Saturday afternoon
there was quite a hubbub in telegraphic
circles. One of the operators of the grape
vine company was a man named Patter
son, a former operator of the Western
Union Company. It is said, though, that
he was not the only employe of that com
pany who was active in the interests of the
pool-sellers.
The story that there has been a leak
from the big building on Pine street has
been given great emphasis by the dis
charge of John Mcßobie, who for a long
time has been manager of the operating
room.
Just how inside information at tbe track
got out no one seems to know. But it got
out, and frequently large sums were drawn
down from the poolrooms by men who had
information that was definite as to win
ners. They got it somewhere and it came
by the Western TJnion wires.
From this point stories vary. No one
says directly that Mr. Mcßobie gave out
returns. In fact it is not known that Mr.
Mcßobie gave out returns. But news of
the races was given out and Mr. Mcßobie
was discharged.
Jerry DriscoU, the head of the down
town pool-sellers, said that the matter of
the wire used and pulled down was none
of his affair.
"My business is placing pools on com
mission, not putting up telegraph lines,"
Ihe said. "We buy our service from the
i track from the Postal Company. That's
j all I know. How they get it in is none of
jmy business. I don't know who put up
! the wire that was taken down. It was not
I the pool-sellers."
Mr. Driscoll said he did not know how
'■ he was going to get returns speedily to
day. But he looked cheery while he said
it and went on his way busily.
Mr. Corrigan of the Pacific Coast Jockey
; Club doesn't know how Mr. Driscoll is to
i cet information from the Ingleside track
| either. He said they would not have tele
graph or telephone service, though. He
knew as little about who took down the
wild wire on Saturday afternoon as did
Captain Cullundan.
"I don't see as it matters much, though,"
he added. "Mr. Driscoll pays his people
i don't own the wire. Mr. Storror says the
i Postal people don't own the wire; and so,
| for the life of me, I can't see that there is
i any one who has been injured."
LIFE UNDERWRITERS.
Annual Meeting and Election of Officers,
lianquet in Prospect.
The San Francisco Life Insurance Un
derwriters' Association held an annual
meeting last Friday evening and elected
the following officers for the ensuing year :
John Landers, president; John H. Gray,
vice-preMdont ; W. A. Jacobs, treasurer;
George C. Pratt, secretary; executive com
mittee—Clarence M. Smith (chairman),
W. C. Leavitt and H. B. Houghton.
The objects of this association are to
promote the general advancement of life
insurance business in this State, to sup
press the rebate evil and promote general
good-fellowship among in-urance man
agers and general agents. All of the lead
ing representatives, with the exception of
the general agent of one company, are
members of the association. The mem
bers will have their annual banquet some
time this month.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Pure and Sure."
Baking Powder,
"Absolutely the best and most
desirable baking powder manufactured."
Gen. S. H. Hurst, late Ohio Food Commissioner.
LIFE AT THE PRESIDIO.
The Daily Routine of Instruc
tion Has Been Re
sumed.
LODGE OF PYTHIAN KNIGHTS.
Official Boards Appointed — The Sa
gacity of Pet Animals on the
Reservation.
The soldiers at the Presidio had a season
of respite from active duty in drilling from j
December 20 until January 10. The
vacation ended on the latter date and
daily instruction was then resumed.
The business of the canteen at the Pre
sidio for the six months ended December |
31 last was very good. The receipts were |
not quite up to the mark of the first six |
months of 1895, which is easily accounted '
for by the fact that two troops of cavalry j
were away from the post during the sum- !
mer and autumn guarding United States
reservations in the Sierra. The light ar
tillery batteries were also awpy on practice
marches for some time, hence the number
of men at the garrison was diminished. I
The canteen system is regarded now as an j
established success.
A board of officers has been convened at
the Presidio for the purpose of considering
schemes of instruction for batteries of
heavy artillery. The schemes were sub
mitted by the "commanding officers of the
Presidio, Alcatraz Island and Fort Mason.
The board consists of Captain H. J. Reilly, |
First Lieutenant 0. E. Wood and First I
Lieutenant W. H. Coffin, all of the Fiftn
Artillery.
A board consisting of the following
named officers has been convened for the
purpose of devising a scheme of instruc
tion in detail for light artillery: Captain
Morris, Captain Frank Thorp and Second
Lieutenant G. G. Gatley, all of the Fifth
Artillery.
Lieutenant-Colonel Francis L. Guenther,
Fifth Artillery, has been appointed ar
tillery inspector, Department ot California.
The appointment, made by General For- i
syth, is subject to the approval of the
major-general commanding the army.
It is expected by the friends of ColGnel j
Charles G. Sawtelle, assistant quartermas- j
ter-general, that he will be appointed j
quartermaster-general to succeed General |
11. N. Batchelder, who retires July 127 of I
this year. The only agreeable thought of
General Batchelder's retirement is the
reflection that he will have time to visit
San Francisco. He was stationed at this
post many years, but has not been here
since his promotion to the nead of tha
quartermaster department.
Miss Overton of Los Angeles, dauchter
of Captain Overton, Sixth Cavalry (re
tired), is visiting at the home of Colonel
and Mrs. Kirn ball, on Pacific avenue, near
the Presidio.
Lieutenant Stockle, Tentn Cavalry;
Lieutenant Littebrant, Tenth Cavalry,
and Lieutenant Schoiield, Fourth Cavalry,
son of Lieutenant-General Schorield, are in
San Francisco for examination before the
board for promotion.
Lieutenant U. E. Hunt, Fourteenth In
fantry. Vancouver Barracks, was at the
Presidio last week. He obtained leave of
absence for his wedding trip.
Lieutenant Adams has been appointed
post quartermaster at the Presidio, taking
the place of Captain Sawyer, who was re
cently ordered to Buffalo, N. Y.
A lodge of the Knights of Pythias con
sisting of seventy-live excellent members
has been recruited at the Presidio. It will
be known as Mars Lodge, and will be
organized in due form at Pythian Castle at
7:30 o'clock to-morrow evening.
Soldiers at the Presidio who read in The
Call an account of the sagacity of Colonel
Graham's doj, assert that for canine intel
ligence the commanding officer's dog is
not of high rank. The dog "Smiler," be
longing to Troop X, Fourth Cavalry, is
said to be the most knowing specimen of
the canine tribe on the reservation. At
the first call in the morning "Smiler" is
up at one bound and instantly rushes to
every member of the troop to arouse the
sleepy soldiers. "Smiler" is a large dog
of the shepherd strain.
A cat of Battery H, Fifth Artillery, is
one of the pets of the post. He makes it a
auty to spring on every dog that comes
along, and all dogs, big and little, stand in
dread of the feline guardian of the battery.
The cat doe 3 not snow anger in attacking
dogs. His hair does not go up and neither
does his spine curve as a signal for attack,
but when he sees a dog coming he coolly
leaves his place on the porch at the bar
racks, crouches in the grass and springs on
his canine prey with sudden precision.
The private of Battery A who recently
made a pass at his corporal with a sword
bayonet has been tried by a court-martial,
and his sentence will be made known this
week. Men of the battery who refused to
assist the corporal have had a hearing.
One man wjio cheered the corporal's as
sailant will probably be punished.
THE LOUBAT PRIZES.
Offered to Students and Literary Work
ers of All Countries.
The president of Columbia College of I
the city of New York has just issued a cir
cular-letter which will prove of interest to
students and litorarv workers. A copy re
ceived in this City on Saturday sets forth
that the Loubat prizes are offered for com
petition. One is a prize of not less than
$1000 and the other not less than $400, of
fered to the authors of the best works on
the history, geography, archeology, eth
nology, philology or numismatics of North
America. The competition for these
prizes is open to all persons, whether citi
zens of the United States or any other
country. The prizes are to be awajdea in
1898, and every fifth year thereafter.
For the purpose of the award the sub
jects named are to be divided into two
groups, in which the award is to be made
alternately, namely: (a) History, geogra
phy and numismatics; (6) archaeology,
ethnology and philology. The awards to
be made in 1898 are to be conferred lor
works relating to subjects of the second
group,
The conditions of competition shall be:
(a) That the work fall within the group of
subjects designated for the current quin
quennial period and that it be published
within that period; (6) that it be written
by one person ; (c) that it embody the re
sult of original research; (</) that it be
published in the English language.
Neither of the prizes will lie divided.
The committee on award is to be com
posed of three members, who shall make
their report not later than the Ist of May
in the award year to the president of the
Columbia College. The committee for 1893
consists of Professor H. T. Peck of Co
lumbia College (chairman), Professor Dan
iel G. Brinton of the University of Penn
sylvania and W. J. McGee of the Smith
sonian Institution, Washington, D. C.
St. Luke's Church.
Rev. William Carson Shaw, the rector's as
sistant lately called to St. Luke's Protestant
Episcopal Church, arrived in San Francisco
lttst Saturday, accompanied by his bride. Mr.
and Mrs. Shaw will make their home at 1714
Clay street, where they can be seen after to
day. At present they are guests of the Rev.
William Hall Moreland and wife at their Jack
son-street residence. Rev. William Carson
Shaw was recently canon of the Protestant
Episcopal Cathedral of Spokane, Wash. The
new assistant officiated for the first time at the
11 o'clock service yesterday morning, reading
the entire office of morning prayer. The
sermon was preached by the rector.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
rROLAnOLSMOTTLOD ft G>- uaMAnorwnAOUJ-"
FIRST "THE
IN HEARTS
OF OUR COUNTRYMEN,
I THE SENATOR! !
.»,— — »» — . .^,— .«»,— M » M —^ —^j— u ~ L j- o — 1 _ l - t _r-i_j-i^-t_f-crvx>j
The Perfection of All Great American Plays.
An American Comedy, illustrating social, diplo-
matic and political life in Washington, D. C
New and Magnificent Scenery!
— - — Elegant Costumes!
TO-NIGHT By the Superb
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
SEATS-15c, 25c, 50c and 75c.
Week January 20th-"THK ENSIGN."
fipSnTM EATRE *l PROPS.
Every Eveninc! Matinee Saturday!
Second and Last Week of .
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And a Carefully Selected Company.
TO-NIGHT (Monday), TUESDAY, WEDNES-
DAY, THURSDAY— A Magnificent Revival
of Sheridan Knowles' Comedy,
"THE LOVE CHASE."
Friday Night and Hat. Matinee -'CAMILLE"
Saturday and Sunday. "AX UNEQUAL MATCH"
EMPHATIC SUCCESS OF
! "MY PRECIOUS BABY!"
The Funniest Comedy on Earth.
•♦WEDNESDAY ~POP" MATINEE I
Ice Cream, Cake and Popular
Novels for Everybody.
Saturday Matinee— Dolla for Everybody.
Niffht Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
Matinee Prices— loc. 15c, 25c. No higher
Saturday Night— WOLVES OF NEW YORK.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mxa. .Lh.nkstij.-e Kbklis'o Proprietor <fc .U>uii{j.-
— — bvery"bvenino
~ THE SEGOSD EBITHW fT
Of the Brilliant Burlesque, "*"
f IXION. f
_. KALEIDOSCOPIC VIEWS Z
0 o ,_ 0
N THE HEAVENS. THE EARTH N
,^_ AND THE SEA. J^
TO-MOKKOW EVENING
25TH PERFORMANCE,
SPECIAL SOUVENIR NIGHT!
Secure Tour Beata at Ouce.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
%3 THEATRE t'KSs?
LAST WEEK! LAST MATINEK SAT. OP
America's Representative Tragedian,
MR. LOUIS JAMES.
TO-NiGHT AND THURSDAY-Kirst Time Here,
"iwx^.m.iviioiisr. "
Tuesday (hv request) "OTHELLO"
Wednesday and Sunriay "MACBETH"
Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee
"KOMEO AND JULIET"
Saturday Night "HAMLET"
NextWeek-"IN OLD KENTUCKY."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSUO, Sole Lessee and Manajet
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Sedley Brown's Great Pastoral Play,
"A LONG LANE!"
A Tale of Strong Interest
Dealing "With Modern American Life.
•Evkn'tno Pbichj— 2sc an 4 50a.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Blatineeg Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton anij Pot«il
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
REMARKABLE SEW ATTRACTIONS!
A UNIFORMLY SUPERB P.ILL!
QILMORE AND LEONARD,
MONS. WM. ROBERTS,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
AND
OUR ALL-STAR COMPANY.
.Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera cn»lri
aud Box seats. 50c.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR iv.ORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. fl.
ADMISSION 81. 00.
Take Southern I'acitic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. ic.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand. $1. Take Mission-stree: electric line direct
to track. I
a. B. SVRECKELS, W. B. LGAKE,
President. Secretary.
LOTS OF FUN
Miooting the, CliDles and Tripping tho Trolley I
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS
Children (Including ■ Merry-Go-Rouud Bide), lQc.
78
BOARD OF TRADE EXHIBIT.
William H. Mills Now Comes
to the Front in Its
Defense.
WHAT IT HAS ACCOMPLISHED.
He Believes That It Is a Great Factor
in Advancing the Prosperity of
the State.
To the Editor of the Fan Francisco Call— Sir: I
be? through your courtesy to i bit> to a question
of privilege. |
The city of Philadelphia maintains a com
mercial museum, iv which i- exhibited all the
objects of iltnre, all articles of manufacture
Hiui all the native or raw material from which
manufa urea forms are made. Philadelphia.
claims to be a commercial emporium. Etspeo
ple are. lently aware of the tact that cities
exist by reason of the commerce generated by
the industrial activity In the territory tribu
tary to them.
Recently tlie manager of the commercial
museum of Philadelphia applied to J. A.
Filcher, who is now In charge of the State
Board of Trade's shibit at Atlanta, for contri
butions to his commercial museum. The mat
ter \v: presented in a communication from
Mr. Richer at the la*t meeting of the board,
and instructions were given to furnish this
Philadelphia niu*eura with everything in the
way of duplicates and to supply it to any ex
ton: that would not impoverish the exhibit at
Atlanta.
Philadelphia was nor onl; willing to pro
mote the growth of California by making an
exhibit of its products without cost to the
State, but has established and maintained a
museum for the exhibition of. all of the articles
•which are subject of commercial tctioD.
There is a i andeur of breadiii in th!s concep
tion commensurate /with the claim of the.city
of Philadelphia to be a great emporium of
commerce.
The existence of this great jnuseum of com
merce wrs thr genesis of the suggestion that
such a museum >uld be maintained in Ran
Francisco upon the theory that San Francisco
is the commercial metr»)]>o*;s of all the terri
tory lying '.vest of the Kooky Mountains and
sustains commercial relations with Alaska and
the llawaiifui an«i other Pacific islands.
As already *s*erted, i [ties are the effect of
whu-h the industrial eelivities in the coun- j
tries naturally tributary to them are the cause. ■
The territory' ivxthin the United States nat- i
nraily tributary to San Kranciseo embraces
about .it, i>.i,ihi square : Qe». The group of
States and Territories comprises Idaho, Mon
tana, Washington; Oregon, [Jtah, Nevada, Ari
zona and <'aliiornia. Of these California is the
central State. It is by far the richest, both in :
the wealth it how possesses and in it* nat- i
ural resouri It embrai •■- within its limits I
fully 60 percent oi all the really arable land I
west of the Rocky Mountains.
It constitutes She natural center of this
group of commonwealths and everything flows
to ii by a force of commercial u::«i financial j
gravity. The commercial centers of the coun
try drain the outlying territory tributary to |
them of their mon;y and their best brains.
Stin Francisco is constantly benefited by this
absorbing process. Nearly one-third of the
■wealth of this City to-day \ras generated in the
State of Nevada." The tendency toward the
commercial, financial and social center of any
country is in obedience to a law as Inexorable i
as the law of gravity. Oregon lias contributed
to the wealth amiCie population of California
and especially San Francisco. A recent illus
trative case may be cited, that of S. G. Reed, ;
one of the pioneers of Oregon, one of its largest I
capitalist;, who within the past two years left
the city oi Portland, where he had accumu- ;
lated his vast formne, and took up his resi
dence in Pasadena, His ueath in that city is !
one of the recent misfortunes of the city where '
he resided, the State of California and in fact
the entire coast.
The commerce of San Francisco is not
bounded by the political divisions called [
States. It is not conscious of these divisions at
all. The growth of California is inseparably
interwoven with the growth of all the Pacific
territory.
I beg leave here and now to plead guilty un- \
equivocally to any charge that 1 am in favor of
promoting the growth of Wasbingtou, of Ore
gon, of Nevada, or I'iah. and all other Pacitic
territory. No growth or prosperity can come
to the people of the*c States and Territories
that will not even lually inure to the upbuilding
of California, and especially to the augmenta
tion of the commexre of the City of >au Fran
claco. I have claimed, and "maintain tiiat i
claim to be good, that San Francisco is the
metropolitan center of the Pacific territory. If
this be true, we are ju.-t as much interested in
the growth of one portion of the territory
naturally tributary to our City as another.
in response to a -pir.t of enterprise which is
Inseparable from the character of its people,
the southern pan of the State has witnessed a
innrvelous growth. When i: became evident
that the southern portion of this State was on I
the eve of great advancement, there was much
manifestation of jealous alarm in many locali
ties. The alarm was due to the Rircumscribed
view which those entertaining it had of the
relation of things. Less than fifteen years ago I
Los Angeles was p. city of 7000. It claims |
100.000 to-day. Every part of th« Pacific ter
ritory has been benelited by that growth.
Portland and also Tacoma have been bene
fited. But San Francisco has been the chief
beneficiary.
Our one great need is re-enforcement of our
population, and what is more, a re-enforce
ment of enterprising capital. We received
both in the growth of Southern California. It
•would be to the infinite advantage of all por
tion* of the Pacific Coast territory if Los Au
gele* possessed a population of half a million
to-day.
Ix>cal market means a domestic market and
natural support for local manufactures. If we
could doable the population of every city in
Oregon, Washington, I'iah, Nevada and' all
other States and Territories of the Pacific Coast,
San Francisco, as the natural commercial and !
manufacturing center of all this territory, !
would be incalculably the gainer. Our City is
the chief seaport of nearly f»0O0 miles of Pa- ;
cifie scacoast. On the commercial geography !
of the world, therefore, it possesses a relation j
■with the South Sea Islands and with Alaska. j
It is au expresslqn of the most circumscribed I
provincialism on the part of any one claiming
to be a leader of public opinion in San Fran
cisco to manifest jealousy of the growth of any
part of the Pacific Coast territory.
For the sake of perspicuity I repeat: San I
Francisco's claim as the chief metropolitan i
center of Pacific territory in th* United States
and the chief seaport of Pacific Ocean com- I
merce is emphasized and honored by the sug- :
gestion of a unified exhibit of all the objects of i
culture, all the raw material on which indus
try may be expended, and all the articles of
commerce in which merchandi>inc; is inter
ested.
It was not proposed toadmit these States and
Territor es to •:• •■ exhibition, nor was it a con
spiracy against the growth ol California. Cali
fornia owes a debt of gratitude to all the
Mates end Territories contiguous to it, and in
an especial manner does It owe this debt of
gratitude to ; he Mate of Nevada.
::Hr<-in; center of any territory is
the point at which the surplus capital gen
erated by the commercial aud industrial activ
ities of that territory is reservuired. In a
way capital is rtterroired In the com
mercial capital ot a nation or an empire. Lob
<ion is the reservoir of ail the surplus capital
of the British Empire. Paris performs the
name office for France, r.nd New York for
America, in a smaller way there are subdivi
sions of the territory of nations which have
their subordinate centers. Jhe I'acilic Coast
i* a naturn! geographical expre sion.
It is topographically a subdivision of the ter
ritory of the United States, and its topograph
ical features cive th;s. commercial territory
distinctive boundary line*. It ought not to be
Mary now to sajr that San Francisco is the
metropolis of this natural geographical and
topographical subdivision of our country. That
f;i' t ought to be understood. Beyond this, ita
commercial and industrial significance should
be understood, and still further its obligath.ni
to the territory which supports it ought to be
luily recognized.
Tiiat these things ere not as fully appre
hended as they should be is evidenced by a
series of interviews published in your contem
porary, the Examiner, this morning, l liav
looked in vain for nn expression in these inter
views worthy of a metropolitan city, but have
■ und it. Your contemporary says that
"the State Hoard of Trade was originally in
tended to populate and develop California."
and ineeringly says that now ttiut this state
l- nverpoptilous with prosperous colonists it is
to be devoted to the development of all the
Pacific States and Territories.
• Ide of the gentlemen Interviewed declared
that he did n-.t approve of nifiking the State
Konrd of Trnde an advertising bureau for
Other States and Territories. To quote hil own
language further, he says: "It can hardly bo
- late, as much as we would
like to we neignboring stales an<" Territories
settled, that we thonld interest ourselves in
diverting population to them, and 1 can see
BO justice in establishing here an exhibition 01
the products of other States and Territories to
induce people to go there in preference to
tettling here."
Another declares: "I am at a loss to under
! stand why the public, whose chief interest
I centers in this State, should contribute to a
| project calculated to rob it of its reward of its
efforts to bring people from the East."
An exhibit of the commercial territory trib
utary to San Francisco in this city would em
phasize its nositiou as Its' capital; but would it
10b California if some one naturally predis
posed t.t settle in Oregon should have that dis
position re.enforced by an exhibit brought to
his attention in this city? Would it rob San
Francisco to double the "population of Nevada.
The underlying truth of this matter is that the
growth pf all the Pacific states is introactive.
There can be no prosperity in any part of the
supporting territory of any commercial center
that is not immediately felt and rellected at
the center. Sliall it be said to the people of
j the Pacific States and Territories that San
I Francisco regards their prosperity as a rob
| bery of California? shall we inculcate the doc
trine among these Pacific subdivisions of a
unilied commercial territory that the pros
i perity of one portion can be achieved only by
the impoverishment ot all other sections? It
is not true in any sense that the prosperity of
one portion ot California can exist only t y the
impoverishment of another portion. It is not
true that the incoming of desirable settlers in
one portion of the State is the robbery of an
other portion, -and it is equally, untrue of the
whole Pacific Coast territory. * The incoming
of population to any part of th>; Pacific Coast
territory is a distinctive re-enforcement of the
prosperity of the whi coast. It is auex
ample of the hlg iiest value.
The people of Southern California have done
more to advance the prosperity, of the.whole
State of California tha;i any instrumentality
that has been adopted, or any device which
has been put into practice since the founda
tion of the jState. The unexampled growth of
the southern part of the State, ihe upbuilding
of magnificent cities, the founding of a great
commonwealth upon a small territorial area,
have vindicated tile capacities of our foil and
climate in a manner which is a distinctive
t-erviee to every part of the Pacific Coast.
The spirit of the interviews under considera
tion is a libel upon the City of San Francisco.
This City does not loi ' with jealousy upon the
growth ol the outlying States and Territories.
This City's horizon is not bounded by Uie State
lines of California. The leading merchants
and bankers of this City understand full well
the community of relation they sustain to all
parts of the commercial territory of which it is
the great center.
iprocity is the law of all commercial
! transaction. We must give Komethii for
whatever we receive. San Francisco, as the
: commercial metropolis of an outlying terri
tory, has duties and responsibilities which it
cannot afford to ignore. Let it go forth that
the lef\'!:!i;,- men of San Francisco declare that
the grow of some other portion of another
; country is a robbery to this State. Let the
• "Little Pedlington' 1 expression, that we see no
reason w hy ive should help build up othercom
monwcalths, become representative of us, and
we will repudiate our claim to commercial
supremacy among the cities of our geographi
cal subdivis
The question hns boen raised as to the value
of a ■ ermanent exhibit of the ducts of Cali
fornia in this City. The special disadvantage
under which California labors is found in the
fact that the intending settler cannoi vi it it,
select a Location and return home t<. bring his
family to the place he may have selected. This
was possible to the Sta.es 'of this Union as the
frontier of civilization rolled westward.
The people of New York and Pennsylvania
could visit Ohio without their families, and
return after selecting a Location. From Ohio
to Indiana, from Indiana to Illinois, from Illi
nois to lowa. and so across the continent. To
day it is practical for people trom the more
densely populated portions of the country to
visit Kansas, Nebraska and ihe Dakotas, and
return for their families; but people of mod
erate means cannot afford to <lo this with re
lation to California. One of the parties inter
viewed by your contemporary says that the
people who have come here have come intend
ing to stay. Desiring to treat these gentlemen
with that courtesy which is due them as gen
tlemen from a gentleman (though 1 have a
right to plead the want of it at their hands),
permit me to say that whoever made this state
ment has proven that he is not familiar with
the truth of the matter. Whoever attempts to
teach should first vindicate his right to do so
by proving that he is in possession of the ne
cessary knowledge.
Now it is not true that the people who come
to California have come intending to stay.
California has been visited by thousands of
people who did not remain after they had
made a thorough examination of its advan
tages and resources. In ISTo, J'-'.ihiu people
came into this State. Before the end of 1574
nearly all of them had returned. The difficulty
which besets the new-comer is in finding "a
location. If he has brought his family with
him, it will exhaust his resources to place
them in a boarding-house and travel over this
btate for the I'urpose of finding a suitable
home. Many of those who do come intending
to stay, rind their means melt away before
they can find a suitable location. 1 am speak
ing by the card in these statements. I have
met these people and have conversed with
them. But the great majority of those who
visit California do not Intend to stay; that in
tention is formed by attractions resented
I here.
The register of the State Board of Trade
shows that thousands of these people have vis
ited the exhibit and have become acquainted
with and attracted to the resources ot the State
by it. To be convinced that this is true it is ]
only necessary to ask, Where could any one go
to-day to be made acquainted with the differ-
I ent portions of the State of <'aliio.'nia by com
ing to San Francisco? True, they might be
told of various localities which they might
visit: but for more than half of the year there
is nothing to be seen. The fruit harvests of i
California do not last the year roui.d. It is :
only during a few months of the year that
•what California is capable of doing could be j
exhibited by showing its orchards. But through
the splendid exhibit of the State Board of
; Trade the capacities oi those orchards are pre
sented in an object-lesson which can never be
forgotten.
An exhibition oi the capacities of the whole
Pacific Coast would be invaluable, because the
[ great majority of those who come have not
i come intending to stay. But such an exhibi
| lion is of peculiar value to the state of Califor
nia. When its resources are shown in the form
of an object lesson continually presented, and
when it is shown to hundreds of visitors every
day equally illustrative of the capacities of the
Stale at any time ot the year, the desire is cre
ated in the mind of the beholder to examine
the State with reference to his ultimate settle
ment here.
The exhibition should be greatly enlarged.
It should present all the raw materials suitable
for manufacture — sand for glass, clay for pot
tery, stone for building, iron ores for smelt
ing, with a full round of mineralogical re
sources of this metalliferous region.
The gentlemen who have been interviewed
speak of an exhibit of California products at
the Kast as if it. were new and original. Cali
fornia made an exhibit at the Kast during the
! World's Fair. It cost the State $300,000 to
; make that exhibit. Mr. Ferguson, one of the.
i parties interviewed, a gentleman whose elli
ciency and local patriotism will not be doubted,
was the b jperintendent of that exhibit. He
i was the special representative of the Kern
County Land Company. lie knows that more
i people examined that exhibition of Califor
nia's wonderful resources during the time of
the World's Fair than would see a permanent
exhibit in Chicago in five years.- It would be
interesting to have Mr. Ferguson's testimony
as to the direct effect of that exhibit upon im
migration to California, not of the general ef
fect of inducing the belief that California was
! a wonderful coun try and inciting a feeling in
the minds of people that at some indefinite
time and in some indefinite way they will be
come citizens of this State, but that direct ef
fect which resulted in the establishment of
prosperous colonies traceable directly to the
exhibit made by California a' the World's Fair.
The State Board of Trade by the assistance ol
the Southern Pacitic Company sent out ex
hibitions in a train called "California on
Wheels." They were, leisurely examined by
two millions of people. This wns a more com
prehensive Eastern exhibit than has yet been
made.
The State Board of Trade sent an exhibit to
Columbus, Ohio, which was visited by over
250,000 >'-ople.
My critics do not appear to be aware of the
fact'that during the entire year 18!)4 one of
the finest exhibits ever gotten together, outside
of that 7>resented by the State Hoard of Trade
at Atlanta, was mad^ at Ll2 Dearborn street,
Chicago, where 10,000 people each day passed
its doors. Here was a whole year of exhibit of
the full round of California's capacities made
in Chicago. ■
From ISS3 to 18SG the Southern Pacific Com
pany made an exhibit of the resources of Cali
lornia In London under the direction of Dr.
Kingsbury. The planting of the Lancaster col
olony was one of the unfortunate results of
that exhibit.
The best exhibits California hasattheKast
are the frultstands. In all or nearly all of the
principal cities of the East the fruits of Cali
fornia are exhibited every summer and under
the name of California fruit. Unfortunately
much fruit of an inferior Eastern production
is thus labeled; but at the same lime the fruit
stands of Chicago, i'hiladelphia, St. Louis,
Cincinnati and New York are a constant ex
hibit of the resources of this State. The sug
gestion is by no means new. The State Board
of Trade had under consideration the question
of making an exhibit in the principal gro
ceriei ol 100 cities in the United States. This
project failed for want of means.
Tne groceries were willing to maintain an
exhibit of the products of California and keep
it in good order, but money enough could not
be obtained for the formation of the exhibit.
Those unfamiliar with the facts are perhaps
not aware that the present exhibit of the State
Board of Trade could not be duplicated in one
year for $50,000. By nil means, let us hove an
Eastern exhibit. A dozen of them, if you
please; but such an exhibit will not be pro
moted by misconstruing the motives of those
who have interested themselves in collecting
the exhibits already established ; nor will it be
made by the gentlemen who were interviewed
by your contemporary.
In looking over that list I find that not more
than one is a contributor to the expenses of
the State Board of Trade, and he contributes
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1896.
the munificent sum of (?2 50 per month. The
gentlemen interviewed expressed the opinion
that but little has been accomplished by the
State Board of Trade. lam not familiar" with
the opportunities they may have had for judg
ing oi this matter, but I am familiar with the
tact thm they have not instituted any inquiry
which would justify them in passing an opin
ion.
The State Hoard of Trade is the concerted ef- '
fort of twenty-eight counties to maintain at
the chief metropolitan center a bureau of in
formation and an exhibit which will attract at
tention to their advantages. It has been a
perfectly nnselfiah, i^airiotic effort. No one
connected with it, except its secretary, has re
ceived salary , and none have derived personal
advantage.
I wish now, in a most emphatic manner, to !
call the attention of the public to the iactthat ;
during its entire existence it has been the vie- I
tim oi the meanest malevolence ever visited
upon an unoffending organization. Chief
among the statements made to discredit its |
efforts is that it is an adjunct of the Southern I
Pacific Company; that it has beea but little J
more than an advertising agency for that com- j
puny, and my personal relation with it has!
been pointed to as conclusive evidence of the i
truth of tins charge.
This statement is wholly devoid of truth, ]
and I take the personal responsibility of say- '
my thht those who make it are aware of its
falsity. There has never been at any time any
lands in which the Central Pacific or the
southern Pacific Railroad Company were in- I
terested advertised through the agency of the
State Hoard ol 'J rade. Not one pamphlet or ■
circular has ever been permitted to be placed
upon its counters or distributed through its j
agency. When it has made an Eastern exhibit j
no circular or pamphlet relating toany interest
of the Southern. Pacific Company hnsbeen dis
tributed through its agency. That the South
ern Pacific Company has been the most liberal
contributor to us support is true, and it Is true
to the infinite credit of that corporation. I* pun '
this one fact has been based nil the petty,:
mean-spirited opposition, which, when we con- |
sider Ii was launched a* an unselfish, patriotic
effort to accomplish some good for this com
monwealth, becomes worse than contemptible.
I rind evidence of this in one of the inter
views which has provoked this statement. I
Oie gentleman iv effect informs tne public |
I that he is opposed to any broadening of the
effort of San Francisco to assert its primacy
among the commercial cities ol this State, and
he says he can understand readily why Mr.
Mills has been in favor of a Pacific Coast ex
hibit. He declares the reason that the South
ern Pacific Company has its railroad line to
Oregon and its steamship line to the ila
waiian Islands.
1 could well afford to treat with silence this
denial of worthy motive underlying anything
I have suggested or done in connection with
the growth of California were it not that it is I
the common lot of all who have attempted to
accomplish something for the State to he in
like manner misrepresented a'ul maligned.
Your contemporary characterizes the state
ments of this detractor as candid. I respect
fully represent that it has mistaken bad breed
ing for candor in this instance. The statement |
possesses the merit of neither truth nor candor. '
The Southern Pacific Company nas no line of i
steamers to the Sandwich Islands, and is not
interested in any such lines. The gentleman
could have made himself master of this fact
by the slightest inquiry. That he stated for a
I fact that the Southern Pacific Company has a
: line of steamers to Honolulu and declares that
j it Is in the service of this line of steamers that
! 1 had made a suggestion is a manifestation of
j willingness to invent a line of steamers for the
( purpose of impeaching my motives and of dis
parngine me in 'he estimation of the public. I
am wholly indifferent as to the person*! appli
cation of this species of malevolence, but I am
not indifferent to its constant misrepresenta
tion n>v.ard every public-spirited citizen of the
State. Many of these have united their efforts
| with the state Board of Trade in times past
only to i\:.6 themselves charged with being
candidates for office or of being in the service
of this or that private interest.
As to any suggestion I may have made con
cerning a commercial exhibit for the Pacific
I Coast having relevancy to the line of railroad
from Shu Francisco to Portland. I may say that
I it i> the duty of every railroad to build up all
the territory which it serves; that such action
would be highly commendable in an officer of
a railroad, and that v is my pride and ambi
tion to l>e just as useful and' faithful to my em-
I ployment as my capacities, however limited,
may permit. But whoever asserts that this or
any other suggestion relating to the good of
tin- eominonwealtii had no other or broader
motive than the benefit of a single line of
transportation takes & liberty with tne truth
v. hied justifies the declaration that he is care- !
less of his reputation for veracity.
Permit me to conclude tins* already too
; lengthy communication with the presentation
' of a matter of the highest and most immediate
importance to the people of California. The
growth of Northern California has been re
tarded by. its system of lanre land holdings.
The be«t lands of the groat valleys of California \
have been unavailable for colonization. Re
cently a combination has been entered into
between the holders of the miM fertile lands of
the Sacramento Valley— lauds which in all
j time siuco the settlement of this State have
I been Inaccessible to the newcomer: lands pos
■.: intrinsically live times the value of the
' average plains lands of this State. This com
j bination has been formed in the hope of open
! in«r an extensive region to settlement, present-
I ing the broadest, most striking enterprise in
i this line ever suggested.
Tha' combination hns now been completed
by the signature of the owners of the latm to
doc a menU which commit them for a limited
time :o ft joint effort to open these hir^e and
fertile areas to settlement. What is re
quired Is sufficient capital to launch this en
terpriae. its magnitude and its merit will do
the rest. In this combination of lands, em
bracing nearly seventy-four miles of navigable
waterfront on the Sacramento River, is found
an opportunity for breaking through at once
the one hitherto Insurmountable obstacle to
the settlement of the Sacramento Valley.
Those lands have been combined at rates which
will justify their offering at less than half the
price heretofore offered for colony lands. The
event marks the close of a distinctively histor
ical era of land holding in California.
The next question which confronts this en
terprise is. Where can the capital be foand for
insolidation of these lands into the own
erahipof a single corporation designed solely
to segregate them and secure their settlement?
They are incumbered by mortccees held in San
Francisco of more than $2,000,000. ] have
been informed there is in the vaults of the
banks of sjn KraneNeo to-day over #100,
--ouo.OOO. The question arises can the capital
necessary to make this empire of fertility the
basis of an empire of population be found on
the Pacific Coast. If not, then the effort must
b« made in foreign mouey markets, where nt
the very outset the enterprise must stand dis
credited as having been repudiated at home.
The succpks of this effort will be a crucial test
of the ability of the people of California to
unite upon an enterprise. The questions
which arise and which must be answered I
take the liberty of asking now: Will the mo
tives of the persons who hare promoted this
undertaking be impugned 0 Will its merits be
inquired into by tho-;e who make the law of
public opinion concerning it, so that their as
sertions relating to it will have a solid founda
tion in truth?
Can this undertaking, fraught with so much
promise of good to California, receive encour
agement at the hands of capitalist* at nome
where its real value may be fully and clearly
understood? Will the people of California
make themselves masters of all the facts relat
ing to it, and if they find it worthy of their
support can they be united in an" effort to
carry it to complete success? Will it receive
at the hands of the public journalists of this
State thai judicial fairness which nil public
enterprises, having for their object the good of
the commonwealth, are entitled to receive?
In brief, will agrear undertaking, having for its
object only the re -enforcement of the popula
tion and the capital of California, receive at
the hands of the people of California fair ana
cay.did consideration and treatment?
Los Angeles arise from a city of 5000 to a
city of nearly 100,000 in less than twenty
years, simply by reason of the capacity of her
Citizens to act together in the upbuilding of
their country. The snmo statement is true of
every city and every commonwealth that have
enjoyed any degree of prosperity within the
past century. It is through this "unified effort
alone that prosperity can come to California.
The provincial spirit which objects to an in
strumentality of good to all of the commercial
territory tributary to San Francisco is the one
thing which has constituted the greatest ob
stacle to the growth otthis state. The enter
prise-, the energy, the prosperity and the
growth of any locality is an exterior manifes
tation of the Interior character of the people
residing there, and these attributes, to be effec
tive for the good of any community, must be
unified by a consensus of effort.
We of California can bring to our State p.
now era of prosperity only by offering encour
agement to all who are willing to work, and it
is this encouragement which has been grudg
ingly withheld in all our history.
_ „ wm. h. Mills.
fcan Francisco, January 11, 189 U.
FOR FEWER PREACHERS.
The Rev. ldwar.U Dnvls Advocates the
Concentration of Congregation*.
The Rev. Edwards Davis of Oakland
preached yesterday forenoon in the pulpit
<>f the West S'de Christian Church on
Bush street, near Devisadero, his subject
being "Awake, arise," and his treatment
of it a prophecy of an awakening in the
religious world, the airival of the time
when church members will take a more
active part in public affairs.
He said that the world was asleep dur
ing the dark ages and that Luther awoke
the people. Then they went to sleep a<zain,
and it devolved upon John Wesley to
awaken them. Prom another sleep they
were aroused by Alexander Campbell.
Now the people are asleep again and
consecrated and sincere ministers of the
gospel must bring about the next refor
mation.
He concluded by saying it would be well
for tne churches in and about the City to
profit by the example of the Mormons,
v;ho concentrated their public worship in
one great temple accommodating 10,000
people. Then, lie added, two ministers
could do what it now requires nearly IKX)
to perform, and the extra ministers could
go into the slums and work.
THE PARK AND VICINITY
Fall of the Klertric Tower-Tlie Bicycle
Road— A Cannon-Ball Catcher Meets
With an Accident.
The electric tower in Golden Gate Park
is down, never more to be raised again.
Commissioner Austin did not like the
condition in which it remained alter the
attempt to hurl it to the ground on Satur
day, and after consultation with Superin
tendent McLaren it was decided to make
one more effort to bring it down. Early
yesterday morning a charge of dynamite
was placed under the foundation and it
was tired. The leaning structure was
shaken by the force of the explosion, for a
moment it wavered, then it leaned further
toward the south and then fell with a loud
crash. There was a cloud of dust, and
when that cleared away it was discovered
that all above the first platform wj-.s twist
ed out of shape, that many of the bolts had
been snapped and that the platforms were
iri splinters. The lower portion remained
in fair condition, except the southwestern
leg, which was broken off.
During the afternoon the fallen monster
| was visited by a large number of people,
each carrying away a bit of iron or a
splinter as a memento.
Superintendent McLaren said he was
glad that the structure was down, and
that steps would be taken to remove the
df bris without delay.
The day not being a 1 right one, there
were not as many people in the park as
usual. There were, however, an unusual
number of cyclers on the road. The new
I road being specially constructed for the
| wheelers is being pushed forward rapidly
• much of the filling having been completed.
During the week ending last Saturday
atf>o clock in the afternoon, 7101 person's
visited the museum. Its Litest additions
are three photographs, the gift of E. N.
I Atwood. These represent the white deer
! dance of the Klamath Indians. Some
1 very fine specimens of cinnabar from Napa
County were also received.
Quite a number of persons visited the
SCENE AT THE DEDICATION Oi THE MOMMENT TO CHIEF SCANNELL IN LAI REL HILL CEMETERY.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
beach for the purpose of goinir on the bal
cony of the new Cliff House to view the
1 seals from there.
The new houso wiH be opened with e!ab- ;
[ orate ceremonies and in the evening there !
; will be a ball.
Now that the trouble about crossing a !
: portion of the Pythian Cemetery has been !
I settled the cars of the Sutro road will be i
run experimentally this week from the I
oarhouse to the western terminus near the j
baths.
Yesterday afternoon there were no less ,
than 4CXKJ in the Iluight-street grounds to '■
witness the special attractions. These con- '
sisted of catching cannon balls fired from j
; a real cannon with real oowder ami exhi
bitions by a strong man. Herr Holtum, j
the ball-catcher, took up a position on a j
i platform eight feet above the ground, but j
had neglected to have a rail put around it. !
As a result of this negligence, when he I
i caught the iirst ball tirnd, he had nothing !
; to brace himself against and the force of i
; the shot forced him off the platform. In
| striking the ground he sprained one rf his
; ankles. Despite tbis accident he returned j
to the platform and had two men hold a I
heavy rail against his back, and in that !
position caught with one hand a second
. ball tired at him.
Signor Martinez, the strong man, gave a !
wonderful exhibition of his "power to lift I
heavy weights, one of them being a 40-gal- |
I lon cask of water. He lifted it by the
i chimes with his fore-fingers.
i Trundling the trolley, anew feature, pro
| duced a great deal of fun for the young
sters.
A RABBI TO CHRISTIANS.
Dr. Voorsanfjer Lectures to Young Prot- i
estanU on the Influence of a
Kelicf in <;o<l.
Kabbi Yoorsanger delivered a lecture
yesterday afternoon at the Young Men's j
Christian Association. It was the first of I
a series to be delivered tills winter by lead- !
ing ministers of the City. One of the I
largest audiences ever gathered In the I
auditorium greeted the rabbi, who was j
often interrupted with applause during
his address. He spoke of the influence oi I
a belief in God upon human conduct and j
the formation of character. Speaking '■
of the difference between political and i
ethical laws, he said that political laws did j
not seem to concern themselves with the
morality of nations. They seem to be j
mainly interested in what they can steal |
from each other. The influence of politi- I
cal laws was negative. "If there were no j
ethical laws the people would probably i
aU become liars," he said. "Nothing has
such an influence on man as his account
ability, not to political law but to his ;
God."
Speaking of the contentions between
creeds, lie said: "When we get down to
the bottom of any religion we find that
their laws are the same — the laws of good
ness, of morality."
He said that the strength of republican
institutions depended largely upon the
piety of homes. "It is a fact that our
homes are deterioratinp, and that is the
greatest danger to our republic to-day. !
One of the greatest evils in San Francisco
is the noardine-house."
Kintraelit Cyclers.
The Eintracht Cyclers have changed their j
regular monthly meeting night to the first ;
Thursday of each month. On Thursday, Fob- |
ruary6, IR9K, they will install the following
officers-elect. President, A. H. Freund; vice-
J resident. W. Horstmeyer; financial secretary, !
• Lyngreen; recording secretary. E. Peterson; I
treasurer. I\ Schmidt: captain. H. Frank; first
lieutenant, E. Peterson; second lieutenant, F. I
Horstmever; sergeant-at-arms, C, Granz; color
bearer, H. Wolpman.
Mary Stuart was one of the most fasci
nating widows who ever lived. She had
abundant experience in the condition of
widowhood, and thoroughly understood |
the moods of all sorts and conditions of !
men.
IN MEMORY OF SCANNELL
Impressive Ceremonies at the
Dedication of His Monu
ment.
AT LAUREL EILL CEMETERY.
Henry E. Highton Delivers an Eloquent
Address on the Chiefs
Career.
The beautiful monument in the firemen's
plat at Laurel Hill Cemetery, erected to
mark the resting-place of the remains of
i the late David Scannell, Chief of the San
Francisco Fire Department, was dedicated
I yesterday afternoon with impressive cere
monies.
A large number of people attended the
dedicatory exercises, among them being
many pioneer?. Detachments of firemen
from the various fire companies of the
City, a full representation of exempt
I firemen and a large number of Veterans of
the Mexican War assembled At the ceme- j
tery to pay their respects to the memory [
of the illustrious Chief. The Fire Comm
issioners, Fire Underwriters, members of
the Fire Department, committee of the
Board of Supervisors and many other citi
zens were present.
After they had filed through the narrow
walks of the firemen's resting-place and
gathered round the veiled monument, the i
Masonic quartet sang ''Blessed Are the j
Dead." Chief Engineer Sullivan of the j
Fire Department stepped into the open
space and In a few words began the cere- j
monies.
"We are here to-day," he said, "to dedi
cate a monument erected by members of
the Fire Department and friends to our
late Chief, David ScannelL" With these
words the covering fell from the monu- j
ment. exposing a graceful shaft of granite j
rising for a. considerable height. All men J
present uncovered and the crowd admired
the beautiful monument— the solid base '
with its throe steps leading to a stately i
plinth that bore the inscription in bold ,
letters giving the date of Chief Scannell's j
birth and death. For ornament ther« were j
emblems of the veteran firemen and ap- i
propriate scrolls, and over all rose the tall,
tapering stiaft of gray granite.
The silence in presence ol this eloquent
token from the firemen was broken by the
impressive strains of "J'eace to the Mem- !
ory or the Dead," from the quartet. And |
when this hymn was finished Chief Sulli- |
van introduced Henry E. Highton. who I
dwelt long and earnestly on the noble i
career of Chief Scannell and paid deserv- j
ing tribute to his record as a soldier, a i
fireman and a citizen.
"More than thirty-six years ago, in the j
house of Leonidaa Haske'il, I stood by the j
bedside of David Brodnriok, then suffering |
from his last wound. Where warn? hearts j
were beating in sympathy and dread was j
ebbing the life of'a great' American. Sud- j
denly the doctor said, 'Mr. Broderick is
dead,' and silently we retired to the lawn
in front and stood in little groups. But j
one of these men was by himself. Prone j
on the grass, shaken by convulsive j
was stretched the formof David Scannell. I
This man, bruve almost to recklessness,
was as tender ns a woman. There is not a
man who fought beside him in Mexico but
loved him, not a fireman who had worked
with him that would not have risked life i
and limb for him. His word of command
was 'Follow!' and it was followed into the i
jaws of death. His entire life was in some j
senses a romance; he ranked among the j
very heroes of romance, but he was not a
creature of impulse."
Mr. Highton briefly reviewed the many
notable events in Chief Scannell's career,
giving full credit where nothing but words
of praise were due for bravery and hero
ism, concluding with the exclamation,
"The man was a born hero."
The singers cave "Shall We Meet Be
yond the River," and General Sheridan, a
veteran, of the Mexican War, delivered an
address on the war record of Chief Scan
nell. The ceremonies came to a close
I with the singing of "Good-night. I'm
Going Home. 1 '
EVOLUTION OF SOCIETY.
Socialism Said to Be the Next Logical
Step in Advance.
There was another packed house at the
meeting of the Socialist Labor party at
Tythian Hall, 900 Market street, last nipht.
After a brief musical and literary pro
gramme Arthur 11. Sanborn delivered an
address on ihe "The Evolution of Society."
He depicted tlite advancement of man.
illustrating the various siaces by different
races now in existence. He showed how
from the stone hammer had been derived
the enormous cannon of to-day. He
showed the steps that lead from the train
ing of an animal as a beast of burden to
the general use of electricity, which is to
be the servant of to-morrow. He then
showed how social conditions had changed
and argued that the next rational and
logical step in advance was socialism.
Questions and a short debate ensued.
Miss Jane A. Roulstone will deliver an
address next Sunday evening at the same
place on "Under What Banner?"
FELL TWO STORIES.
Andrew Woodn, a Plnirber and Poli-
tlcian, Fatally Injured Yesterday.
A Joud crash of breaking glass, followed
by the dull thud of a body striking the
floor, awakened the occupants of the Re
vere lodging-house at 675 Mission street
early yesterday morning. Upon investi
gation Andrew Woods, one of the lodgers,
was found underneath an air shaft, which
runs from the first to the third floors, cov
ered with blood and rapidly dying. The
almost lifeless form of the unfortunate
man was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where it was found that his neck had been
broken. He died in the course of a few
hours. In addition to the fractured ver
tebrae, which was the immediate cause of
death, be had received other injuries
which would have, in all probability,
proven fatal.
It is not known just how Woods met
with the accident. His room is on the
third floor of the house adjoining the nir
shaft under which he was found. This
shaft is guarded by a low railing, and it is
presumed that he stooped down to unlock
his door, and upon raising up fell against
the railing, lost his balance and fell to the
Iloor two stories below. In the descent a
window sash was broken and the glass
crushed to fragments, giving evidencethat
Woods must have turned over and over
while falling, striking the sash with his
feet, which turned him head downward.
Woods was a plumber by trade and was
more or less interested in politics, having
been elected a member of the general com
mittee in the Buckley primaries of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly District the night
before his death. He leaves a mother, two
sisters and a brother.
INFLUENCE OF STRIKES.
They Are to the Social World as Pains
Are to the Body.
Morrison I. Swift delivered before the
American Socialist Society last evening at
Alcazar Hah a lecture on "Strikes as an
Instrument of Civilization." He said that
the attitude of the people toward strikers
is radically wrong. They are, as a general
thing, he explained, callously indifferent
when strikes are peaceful and condemn
them unheard when they grow into vio
lence. "Society," said he, "is, like the
human body, composed of different mem
bers, all dependent the one upon the other.
The lowest class, the workiogmen, cor
respond to the arms; by them all things
are executed.
"A strike plays the part of pain in the
social body and indicates that something
is wrong. It is not right to cut off the
member that is in pain: oftentimes the
whole system needs a remedy which would
do more good than mere local treatment.
And so a strike in society is caused not
always by a fault of the workingman, but
because there exists a great wrong in
other parts of the system."
The Crust of the Earth.
The crust of the earth, according to
Professor John Milne's opinion, is in
a constant state of agitation — earth
movements being experienced at all
times and in all lauds — the greatest
European crust agitation having its seat
in Germany, Japan occupying a similar
position in Asia. In both Germany
and Japan a tide-like movement, too
great to be produced by lunar attrac
tions, has been observed, the ground being
gently lifted every twenty-four nours,
and sometimes twice, and In al! cases the
buildings, trees, etc., stand slightly in
clined, like cornstalks in a gentle
and steady breeze — in short, the earth
is constantly breathing, as it were,
the crust making each respiration by a
gentle rising and falling, similar to that
of the chest in air-breathing animals. A
certain per cent of this earth-crust dis
turbance is believed to bs due to con
ditions similar to those which bring
about eartnquakes, this being regarded
as especially the fact in respect to Japan,
where it has been traced to the continual
opening and closing of the broken strata
in the main range of the mountains.
Nearly every army now has a bicycle
corps. In Germany six men of every r'eei
menture mounted on wheels to act as
scouts.
NEW TO-DAY.
I THE FRUIT GROWING I
I INDUSTRY I
jS IS EXHAUSTIVELY TREATED IN THB M
S San Jose C* . I
iMercuryO 2^^^!
\l>) g, 7 'SmS^^^^^^P' 7s\
Sjll asassaasasas A B °° K 0P 325 PAQKB. n.xl2 INCHES, JUBT ISSUED. @\
W} ~ ™- Every detail la «iT«n, from nursery to market, including W
jw crop., prices and profits, banta Clara County, its cities, town V orchards Vff
M 'J ' , "? d P romi n«nt people, illustrated from 939 photographs. A work (3,
fTineyards and prominent people, illustrated from photojcraphe. A work ML
t tk f ° r the °« nter - t » ble . and s most appropriate Christmas pre«- fflk
W) ri ihere is ecarce'y a question that could be aeked concerning Santa W
w Clara County and its ources that is not fully answered. v{J
■■/X flt ♦1 L " 9ntl uprM prepaid, to any part of the United fcfl
W k I atln following rates: Uound in Bristol board, 75 cents per oopV; Tfk
Mk bound in leatherette. |1.25 per copy. ' W
W/ Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, oK
J0 San Jose, California. J\
REFORM IN CITY AFFAIRS
An Interesting Discourse by Dr.
Martyn, a Chicago
Churchman.
COMBINE AGAINST CORRUPTION'
The Parkhurst of the Windy City
Suggests Things to the Local
Pastors.
The Central Methodist Episcopal Church
on Mission street was packed to the side
walk last night when Rev. Carlos Martyn,
the "Parkhurst of Chicago," spoke upon
municipal reform and the methods of ac
complishing it. Dr. Martyn is here on a
short visit. He is interested in the adjust
ment of municipal affairs throughout the
country, and he very strongly indicated
Jast evening that he will stir the loci
churchmen to a concerted and vigorous
movement before he leaves town.
Dr. Martyn is an admirable speaker.
! He has an educational air about him that
at oneo commands respect and attention.
He talks quickly and is always emphatic
and at times eloquent. His terseness of
statement anil his clever paraphrasing and
handling: of old anecdotes rendered the
sermon particularly interesting. As an offi
cer of the National Cnristian Citizenship
League he accomplished wonders for re
form in Chicago, and he lias become one
of the mo^t-talked-of men in the country
in that line of work.
His discourse last night was upon mu
nicipal reform in a general way. He in
troduced the subject with some interest
ing references to the proud privilege of
living in what he called "the best country
the world ever knew." He ttien went on
to explain that the founders of tiie Nation
established it upon the broad basi? of man
hood, and armed every man in self-defense
with the ballot. The people, he declared,
are in supreme control, and they are not
permitted to shirk the responsibility of
righteous citizenship. If there are bad
laws in our codes we are responsible for
them. If there be an organization for evil
we must rise to combat it and organize
among ourselves for that purpose. It is a
fact, he said, that tilings are going wrong.
There is hardly a municipality in the
country that is not governed by gamblers,
grogshops and other evil influences. All
combined to the detriment of proper mu
nicipal management.
As to the matter of ministers concerning
themselves with these things, he ex
piained that ministers were obliged to
meddle in politics to some extent because
politics meddles with them. His idea is
that the term politician properly includes
every man in the country interested in its
well-being, and he held it necessary that
every member of every congregation
should be awake to the national and
municipal issues. Everyone, he said,
shouid be familiar with "questions that
touch the public weal and unless they are
so there can be no proper administration
of affairs.
Dr. Martyn spoke in an amusing way of
the condition of thing 9 in Chicago a couple
of years ago, of the variously corrupt city
departments and of the un»peakaole cor
ruption of the Council, which "not ali the
waters of the lake could cleanse.". He en
tered to some extent into the methoas by
which the Chicago reformers accomplished
their work last spring. Among other
things there was concerted and vigorous
action by the churchmen, and he advised
that the ministers of San Francisco do as
the Chicaeoans did. He earnestly recom
mended to the clergymen of the C'itv that
they get together and begin an active cru
sade against gambling and the liquor
traffic.
THE HEROIC SYMPHONY.
Wagner'i Explanation or Beethoven*
Hero.
A work of art requires no explanation.
But the very title Beethoven gave the
"Heroic Symphony" provokes questions,
and there have been many endeavors to
explain it. Wagner tried less to explain
it 9 meaning than to explain it away.
Chained to his one idea he asserted that
Beethoven's hero was not a military hero,
but a young man of complete spiritual and
physical endowment, who passed from
mere brute delight in life and his strength
through tragic suffering to a high spiritual
satisfaction in love; That is to say, he
asserted that Beethoven's hero was Parsi
fal or Seigfried.
Now this much of Wagner's theory is
true, that Beethoven would not worship
a mere human butcher any more than he
would worship a pork-butcher as a hero.
On the other hand Beethoven's hero was
undoubtedly a military hero, Napoleon
Bonaparte. We know that the symphony
was originally dedicated to Napoleon, that
the dedication was altered when Napoleon
(as Beethoven thought) turned traitor and
became Emperor; we know that when the
news of his death came Beethoven casu
ally remarked that he had already com
posed the music for that event.
Of what parts, then, of Napoleon's career
do the first and last two movements tell?
These are questions which can never be
answered, and, mere curiosity apart, it so
happens that it matters little whether they
are answered or not answered, so long as
they are not answered altogether wrongly
Eor whatever events Beethoven might lit
any moment have in his mind he never
tried to depict them, but only to communi
cate the emotion they aroused. He him
self said as much. It is in the expression
of human enotion he is supreme, and to
feel aright the emotions of the Heroic
bymphony we need only to have our
minds clear of a story which Beethoven
did not and could not have had in his
mind. — Saturday Review.\ SPLENDID EDITION.
lost.
Ban Fran issues a splen- j
c.d Christmas :;fty-two pages.
THOROI 'HI V ir-TO-DATE.
• ralumian.
The San Francisco Call's Christmas I
[vto-date number in every i
alar.
\M> Ml FOB A MCRKI..
:i:ns News.
. - o Call issued a fifty
' nas edition, containing a
.ruinary of the year's business.
( •■:. -.
FULL OV INTEREST.
Yuba City Independent.
■■an Francisco Call issued a hand
< hristrnas number full of original .
matter and interesting information "ton- '
cerning the State.
DEVOID OK CHEAP WRITE-UPS.
Richmond Banner.
The holiday Call was entirely devoid of
- :al cheap write-ups, sparkling and
bristling with choice literary bon mots
and well-written sketches.
I \< i:i.s AWT.
Hanford Democrat.
The Christmas edition of The Call
-..ould be made up in pamphlet form and
. iven general circulation. It excels any
rer ever issued in California.
THK BANNEB EDITION.
Calaveras Cltizeu.
The San Francisco Call issued the ban
ker Christmas edition. Its lifty-two pages
were full of choice reading matter, and the
proprietor can be justly proud of his effort.
A WHOLK BOOK IN ITSELF.
Fowler Ensign,
The San Francisco Call issued a splen
did s_'-page Christmas edition. It is a
whole book in itself, and every one should
j.ave a copy tiled away for future reference.
CP WITH THK PROCESSION.
B<'ni<-ia Ne-.v Kra.
The Call b fifty-two page Christmas edi
tion came as a pleasant surprise and was a
most sensible and readable journal. The
• all keeps up with the procession all
right.
IT WAS A "STINNER."
Antiocli Ledger.
Tho big Christmas Ca ix was a stunner.
it v.as not filled with bancome and idle
twaddle, and Editor Shortridge stands ac
quitted for imposing such a monster paper
on a long-suffering people.
EXAMPLE OF INDECISION.
J.nreKa Watchman.
The MoßSnra ("all issued a fifty-two
page paper on Christmas. We hardly
know whether to praise or condemn so
great a mass of printed matter published |
in the form of a newspaper.
IT SPKAKS FOR AM..
Burbank Xews.
The Christmas number of the San Fran- j
cisco Call contained lifty-two pages of j
splendid matter, setting forth the beauties '
of that end of tne. State and the many in- '
dustries. The Call is for everybody.
*
A REGULAR BUDGET.
Porterville Knterprls*.
A regular budget of information. Think I
of it, fifty-two page*. That's what the San i
Francisco Call gives its readers as an in- j
U'llectual Christmas gift. If you want a
week's good reading purchase "fiiE Call.
GOT THEIK HONEY'S WORTH.
Santa Ana Heiald.
Christmas editions have been the rage i
the past week. The San Francisco Call
printed a magnificent rifty-two-page extra.
California readers certainly secured their
moneys worth in their Christmas papers
this year.
BEST EVER ISSUED.
Ventura Democrat.
The Christmas edition of The Call was,
in many respects, the best paper that haß
come under our observation ever issued in
f^an Francisco. The once sleepy Call,
now a grand daily, is forging to the front
in fine style.
— . .
A MAGNIFICENT EDITION.
Mountain View itegister.
The San Francisco Call issued a mag
nificent Christmas edition, consisting of
fifty-two pages filled with excellent arti
cles on the industries of California ? each
written by some prominent authority on
the subject.
GBEATKftT OF BIG EDITIONS.
San Diego Tribune.
The fifty-two page Christmas number of
the San Francisco Call is the best edited
and presents the neatest typographical ap
pearance of any of the monster editions
published by the San Francisco dailies in
.ecent years.
«
DESERVES ATTENTION.
Ollroy Gazette.
Thb Call's forty-eight-page Christmas
KIND WORDS
FOR THE CALL
paper deserves more attention than the
casual newspaper reader is generally able
to give. Very many prominent men and
able writers contributed to make it an ex
cellent number.
A CREDITABLE I--1 E.
Del Xorte KecorJ.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco Call contained fifty-two pages of
well-selected matter pertaining to the agri
cultural and mining resources of Califor
nia. The edition is a credit to the State
and Editor Shortridge.
WEIL-SELECTED RJEA niNi;.
Crescent Ciiy Record.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco Call contained fifty-two pages of
well-selected matter pertaining to the ag
ricultural and mining resources of Califor
nia. The edition is a credit tv the State
and Editor Shortridge.
FINE STROKE OF KXTKRritISK.
stoof.ou .Mail.
The San Francisco Call issued one of
the most valuable special editions on
Christinas day we have ever seen. It was
a fine stroke of enterprise, and must have
surprised even those who had come to ex
pect much from The Call.
«OOD, SOUD READING.
("hii-o (.'hronlele-Recor.l.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco Call is one of the be.-^t papers pub
lished in that city. Unlike the special edi
tions of most of the other papers its space
is not filled with illustrations, but with
good, solid reading matter.
VALUABLE FOR REFERENCE.
Morgan Hill Sun.
The San Francisco Call issued a Christ
mas edition of their paper containing
fifty-two pages. It was, as usual, replete
with most excellent reading and would be
a fine paper for future reference, as it con
tains valuable information.
STRICTLY IX THE FASHIO
Jackson Dispatch.
The San Francisco Call got out a mam
moth hfty-two-page edition on Christmas
day, which contains a large amount of in
teresting reading matter. It is getting to
be quite the fashion lately to get out mam
moth editions on almostevery occasion.
VALIABLK PAPER TO KEEP.
Bridgeport Chronicle.
The Call on Christmas gave its sub
scribers a fifty-two page issue— a valuable
paper to rile away to read at one's leisure.
It contains over a column article about our
Bridgeport travertine quarry and an arti
cle on pioneer journalism" by Jim Town
send.
"THE CALL," AT THE HEAD.
Kingman (Ariz.) Miner.
The San Francisco Call issued a 50-page
souvenir number on Christmas that sur
passes any paper in the United States for
excellence of matter and maka-up. The
Call is at the head and will stay there
while under the present able manage
ment.
OF WORLD-WIDE CREDIT.
Yr-rington (Nev.) Rustler.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco Call, containing fifty-two pages, is
not only a credit to the "coast, but is a
credit to the English-speaking countries,
and demonstrates the fact that the Pacific
Coast dallies now head the list of metro
politan journals.
AN UNRIVALED PRODUCTION.
Bodie Minor.
The fifty-two page Christmas number of
the San Francisco Call shows great enter
prise on the part of the publishers. No
Jiberal-mindeu journalist can fail to ac
cord to the enterprising Call much credit
for its unrivaled production in literature
and illustrations.
THE CALL IS UP TO DATE.
JLozan (Utah) .Republican.
The San Francisco Call came out on
Christmas with fifty-two pages, devoted
largely to California. The Call is a great
paper and is coming to the front at a rapid
pace. Those wishing Pacific Coast news
cannot find a better and more up-to-date
publication than The Call.
REPLETE WITH INFORMATION.
Yreka Journal.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco Call, containing fifty-two pages, is
replete with information regarding the
financial, agricultural, educational! viti
cultural and climatic resources of our
State. It is an excellent edition, and great
credit is due Kditor Shortridge.
AN . JOXCJEI.I.ISXT PAPJSK.
Placer Representative.
The 52-page Christinas edition of The
Morning Call was an excellent paper.
Though so large as to be rather clumsy,
the matter it contained was especially
valuable to any one interested in our great
State, and makes us very willing that it
should be a giant rather than a pigmy.
A GIGANTIC PRODUCTION.
Newcastle News.
The fifty-two-page Christmas edition of
The Mobninq Call was an excellent paper.
THE SAN FRAJS i CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1806.
Though so large as to be rather clumsy,
the matter it contained was especially val
uable to any one interested in our great
State, and makes us very willing that it
should be a giant rather'than a pigmy.
REPLETE WITH CHOICE MATTER.
Williams Farmer.
The banner issue of the I'acitic Coast
was that of The Call on the morning of
Christmas. Pull fifty-two pages, replete
with the choicest of matter and con
tributed by some of the ablest and best
writers ol the day, were received by its
thousands upon thousands of patrons on
that day.
KNTERPKISK AND ENERGY.
Bedwoo 1 City Timo-
The Christmas edition of The Call was
a mammoth affair that displayed enter
prise arid energy. Unlike most editions,
The Call contained well-written articles
that were read by all. It was full of use
ful information and is a splendid paper to
send to friends or to lay away for special
reference.
ALTOGETfiEB THi: BEST.
Alameda Argus.
I in Call's Christmas number "was alto
gether the Ucst of the special issues of the
big dailies SO far this year. It was origi
nal in many of its features, including its
typography and getting out of the rut as
to type is almost as important as to
matter. The fifty -two pages of The Call
are all good reading.
EXPOSITOR OF OUR RESOURCES.
Willapa (Wash.) Pilot.
The San Francisco Call's Christmas
number of fifty-two pages was fully up to
the standard of that greatest of Pacific
Coast papers. Every page was filled with
historical, biographical, statistical and
other highly interesting matter, and the
whole paper was a grand expositor of Cali
fornia and her resources.
A GREAT VNDERTAKING.
Stockton Record.
Then comes The Call's magnificent
Christinas edition, devoting scores of col
umns of carefully selected, well-written
matter to the industries, resources and
welfare of the Btate. !i was a great under
taking, and C. M. Shurtridge must feel
proud over his success and the reception
given his paper everywhere.
A JOT i:V AI.ISTIC GEM.
Taeoma Onion.
The holiday edition of the San Francisco
Call is a journalistic gem and evidences a
degree of journalistic taste and ability that
is creditable to the profession, not alone
on the Pacific Coast but the entire coun
try. It contained fifty-two page?, pro
fusely illustrated and filled with interest
ing and entertaining features.
GEXEBALLTT GETS THKKK.
Whatcom (Wash.) Beveille.
The Christmas edition of the Han Fran
cisco Call is a whale— fifty-two seven-col
umn pages, with an admonition that if we
do not read every word we 3hall miss some
thing good. Hint's all right for thosewho
can spare the necessary week. The num
ber is one more proof that when The Call
starts in to come out ahead it gets there.
BEST ISSUED OX THE COAST.
Yisnlm Delta.
It is safe to say ttat the Christmas edi
of the San Francisco Mobzojtg Call
edited by Charles M. Shortridge, was the
b<?st edition of a paper ever issued on this
coast. The best writers on the coast con
tributed articles to the issue, and the sub
jects took a wide range. All were ably
treated and were interesting to the reader.
PRAISED BY A VISALIA EDITOR.
Vlsalla Times.
"Of the big papers, the Christmas Call
easily leads them all. To our mind it is
the most valuable paper for the State ever
issuea in Caiifornia." Another editorial
praises Major Berry's article, and a full
column is given to I. W. Hellman's finan
cial prospects, "that should be read,"
says the Times, "by every grumbler in the
State of California."
UNEQUALED FOR RELIABILITY.
Oceanalde Blade.
The San Francisco Call's fifty-two
page Christmas number was by far the
most reliable paper ever got out in
California in the history of the State. It
was nota compilation of "wash," slammed
together without regard to facts, as too
many of such issues are. It was not only
a credit to California journalism, but also
to that of the whole country.
BOUND TO GET TO THE TOP.
Amador Record.
The San Francisco Call Christmas edi
tion of fifty-two pages was one of the
ablest and most complete newspapers ever
got out in the State. Editor Shortridge
does nothing by halves. When he under
takes to do any certain thing it is sure to
be well done. The Call is bound to get to
the top of the heap. Long life and success
to The Call and Charles Shortridge.
CREDIT TO JOURNALISM.
Crescent City News.
The News is under obligations to News
dealer Frost for a copy of the Xmas
edition of the San Francisco Call. It
contains fifty-two pages, and is replete
with information regarding the agricul
tural, financial, viticultural, educational
and climatic resources of the State. Much
credit is due the publisher for the edition.
It surely is a credit to California journal
ism.
OUTRIVALED COMI'ETITIOX.
ii:i.'; i iazette.
The Christmas editions of the San Fran
cisco dally newspapers were marvelous to
beho'.d. It is tiie opinion of the Gazette
that the letter press of Tin: Call, the sub
ject-matter treated, the valuable and in
teresting information presented, taken all
in all. was the superior publication, and
that it outrivaled competitors in each and
every department of news, literature and
miscellany.
EXCELLENT AND VAM'ABLE.
The Palo Alto.
The San Francisco Call issued a fifty
two page number Christmas morning
which was a most excellent and valuable
production. Every leading industry in
the State was made the subject of a concise
and interesting paper by some well-known
authority upon the subject. From a lit
erary, historical and statistical point of
view, the number was a very creditable
production.
HIT THE VAIL ON THK HEAD.
sun Fraoctoa Volksfreuiid.
The Call has hit the nail on the head
with its Christmas edition. It is remark
able that there should be so much really
readable matter in the W>l columns, when
we take into consideration how much non
sensical matter is generally presented in
the English newspapers. The proprietor
of The i. 'all is a practical newspaperman.
The lending article, "Jesus of Nazareth,"
surpasses all others.
A BIARVEL.
Couliervillft Miner.
The fifty-two page Christmas edition of ;
The (.'all is a marvel of newspaper enter- ;
prise. It is California clear through, and
handles every detail concerning our
wonderful State in a plain, truthful and ;
highly interesting manner. It may well '
be termed a California encyclopedia, and
people can do no better service for this sec
tion than to send a copy to their friends
throughout the world.
WRITES UP THE RAISIN* INDUSTRY.
l'.ivorslde Enterprise.
James Boyd of tbis city has a very reas
onable and practical article on raisin
growing in Southern California in the
Christmas issue of the San Francisco Call.
The article gives the early history of the
business and its progress to the present
time. The present conditions of the busi
ness are also written up. and a prophetic
glance at the future of the raisin industry
is furnished. The article is well written
and well worth perusal.
ABLY REPRESENTS CALIFORNIA.
Palnla (I'tali) Press.
The greatest Christmas edition of any
newspaper to reach this office was that of
the Ban Francisco Call. It contained fifty
two pages of reading matter, elaborately
illustrated throughout. The resources of
California tvere magnificently depicted
and there were articles upon every con
ceivable subject from the pens of the
brightest writers in the Golden State. It
ably represented California— the land of
Mower?, fruit and sunshine.
BECOMES DAILY MORE POPULAR.
Woodland Homo Alliance.
The Christmas number of the San Fran
cisco Call is a magnificent production. It
contains lifty-two pages of interesting and
valuable matter, dealing with all the con
ditions and advantages of our State, writ
ten by our most eminent and learned men.
Tin: Call is making rapid strides under
its new management and is becoming
more popular every day with the most .in
telligent readers of the State.
A NOTABLE SPECIMEN.
San Ilafael Journal.
The Christmas Call was a notable speci
med of a great daily. Among several ar
ticles on the schools of the State was one
by Superintendent Furlong, descriptive of
the schools and school wort of this county.
Mr. Furlong shows the rapid advance that
has been made in methods of teaching in
the past few years, which place the pupils
of to-day on a much higher plane of priv
ilege than their elders enjoyed.
ACHIEVEMENT TO BE PROUD OF.
Merced Star.
No other journal on the coast came any
where near the high standard issue of the
San Francisco Call on Christmas day. It
was a history in itself and was an achieve
ment that Mr. Shortridge has reason to be
proud of. Every department received care
ful attention and thesubjectstreated made
very pleasant and interesting reading.
The Gall is easily in the front rank with
the leading journals of the country.
NEVER ONE I.IKi; IT.
Bakersfleld California!!.
One of those papers which are laid away
for reference and preserved for the fund of
valuable information afforded is the
Christmas Call. There has never been an
issue of any California paper like it, and
in every detail it shows that the man at its
head is a thorough newspaper man in
every sense of the word. The Call is
rapidly growing in circulation and bids
fair to become the leading paper on the
coast.
COVERS THE ENTIRE RANGE.
SWma Enterprise,
The "Table of Contents" to The Call's
Christmas edition is ;i grand index to the
teeming riches which should make our
California Christmas a merry one indeed.
It covers the entire range of industries in
progress, in contemplation and the poten
tialities. In its Christmas edition Tin:
Call has again proved its right to the
motto, "The Call speaks for all," and to
be designated a thoroughly up-to-date
journal.
A PLEASURE TO PERUSE IT.
Berkeley Advocate.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco Call is, in many respects, the best
ever issued on the coast. It is not only
thoroughly representative, but thoroughly
readable. Mr. Shortridge took care to
avoid publishing page after page of dry
statistics which no one cares to wade
through. Instead, his paper is filied with
matter of interest to every one, and so
carefully and entertainingly written up
that it is a pleasure to peruse.
EXCELLENT TO SEND AWAY.
Weuvcrville Journal.
The San Francisco Call's Christmas edi
tion was anotner valuable contribution to
the newspaper literature of the State, and
is a splendid edition to send to one"s
friends. It was filled with interesting and
' useful matter, and the general arrange
ment and make-up of the paper was first
! class. The onward strides that The Call
I has been making under its new manage
ment cannot be better exemplified than
| by its mammoth holiday edition.
TOO MUCH FOR ONE DAY.
Modesto Herald.
The San Francisco Call got out a mas
nificent Christmas number — fifty-two
pages — the greater number of which were
filled with special articles of general im
portance relating to the welfare of the
State. Yet not one-twentieth of this mat
ter was read by one in a hundred of the
Call's readers. There was too much of it.
Had the Call published one of these ar
ticles every day or two in its regular is
sues, they would have been read and ap
preciated.
THE QUALITY ALL RIGHT.
Woodland Democrat.
Nearly all the San Francisco papers is
sued special Christinas editions, but The
Call was by far the largest. It contained
a great many articles of unusual interest,
contributed by the leaders in the profes
sions and in the industrial life of Califor
nia. Our greatest objection to it was its
size; the quality was all right. It is too
much to expect one to read with care and
a full appreciation of its merit a daily
newspaper of lifty-two pages at this par
ticular season of the year.
TIIE EDITION CAPS THK CLIMAX.
Centralia (Wash.) News.
We have seen a good many Christmas
and other holiday editions of great news
papers, but the 52-page Christmas number
of the San Francisco Call is the dandy of
them all. This not so much on account of
its size, but because it is filied with matter
relating to the material welfare of every
section of California upon subjects of in
terest, to every person on the Pacific Coast.
The Call has recently done a (rood many
great things in the newspaper line, but its
Christmas edition caps them all.
READING ENOUGH FOR WEEKS.
Yreka Union.
The Christmas number of the San Fran
cisco Daily Call was an immense affair,
consisting of fifty-two pages, and consti
tuted a full book, numbering in all about
a hundred separate articles, including
news of the day, original stories, poems,
agricultural, horticultural, mining, educa
tional and other matters, and had many
illustrations. The Christmas Call fur
nishes the reader or a family circle enough
interesting reading matter to last for
weeks, and then should be put aside for fu
ture reference or comment.
ONE OF THE VERY BEST.
ColusaSun.
The Christmas Cakl is one of the very
best papers ever issued on this coast. It
has contributions from thirty or forty of
the best-known writers on the coast, each
in his particular line. Claus Spreckels
writes on the Valley Railroad and the
beet industry, Richard Gird on beet sugar,
I. W. Hellman on finance, George C.
Perkins on navigable waterways; in fact,
almost every subject of interest is treated
by the best recognized authority. Luella
Green Harton, a Colnsa eirl, has an article
on Father Junipero in Alta California.
BRIGHT AND FKESH.
Martinez Gazette.
The Christmas edition of The Call was
a mammotn number of tilty-two pages.
The average "blanket sheet" attracts but
little attention, as it is too frequently
filled with boom advertising and stale read
ing matter, but the Christmas Call is
bright ana fresh from the first to the last
page. It contains in addition to the usual
news of the previous day many timely ar
ticles by the ablest writers and" thinkers of
the age. In fact, Charles M. Shortridge has
again stepped to the front in a most suc
cessful scoop of all his contemporaries.
LEADS IN SIZE AND QUALITY.
Heno (Xev.) Gazette.
The big San Francisco dailies have
issued their usual Christmas editions.
' The Call this year takes the lead, both in
; .size and qualit}', with the Examiner sec
| ond, with its school children's number.
; The latter was hardly up to the expecta
} tion, but probably when it is considered
that it was edited and managed by inex
| perienced hands it should be considered a
fair paper. The Chronicle did not publish
: but little more than its usual edition and
I not as much matter as is generally found
! in its Sunday numbers.
OME OF THK BEST NEWSPAPERS.
Yuma (Ariz.) Sentinel.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco Call contained fifty-two pages, or
364 columns of matter. Every page is
brimful of descriptive reading of the City
and her surrounding cities and country in
general. It is profusely illustrated with
views of the City and pictures of her prom
inent men who have been identified with
the City's interests for many years.
Charles M. Shortridge, the editor and pro
prietor, since he has been at the helm of
The Call, has made it one of the best
newspapers on the Pacific Coast.
A GREAT IMPROVEMENT.
Deeth (Xev.) Tidings.
Charles M. Shortridge of the Pan Fran
cisco Call has proven himseif to be a
thorough newspaper man. By his in
domitable energy he has brought The
Call second to none among the great
newspapers on the Pacific Coast. Prior to
Mr. Shortridge's control of this journal it
was an unprofitable investment, while the
meagerness of its news columns was ap
parent to all. But all this has been
changed under the new management, and
The Call is to-day a great "daily. The
Call's Christmas edition of lifty-two pages
was a credit to modern journalism.
A JOURNALISTIC MARVEL.
Nooksack (Wash.) Kepeater.
The fifty-two page issue of the San Fran
cisco Call as a Christmas offering to the
State pride of California was an intellect
ual, typographical and pictorial marvel.
From ordinary news to polemics it re
flected the genius of her sous and daugh
ters so brilliantly that all her sister States
feel greater pride in California than ever.
The possible in newspaper expansion has
no limits, but to issue fifty-two pages of a
morning newspaper, without an inch of
padding and every article boiled down to
avoid verbosity, is an achievement which
we believe has never bei'ore been equaled.
EDITION OF GREAT MERIT.
Lodi Sentinel.
The Sentinel was unable to comment
upon the special edition of the San Fran
cisco Call on Christmas day for the rea
son that it came to hand too late; but it
would be doing an injustice to that enter
prising journal not to at least mention its
kindness to our immediate vicinity. It
seems useless to attempt to go farther into
its merits than to simply say that it was a
great edition and clear up to date. Only a
careful perusal of its columns can give a
proper conception of its full merits. In
speaking of the Lodi and Stockton Termi
nal road it says som§ very kind things of
our town and our lands.
NO GROUND FOR APOLOGY.
Stockton Independent.
The San Francisco Call apologized on
Tuesday for its intention of inflicting a
fifty-two pace Christmas number on the
public. The Christmas number came, but
those who read it sought in vain for any
ground for apology. Its pages were full (if
valuable matter, agricultural, artistic, his
torical, scientitic, statistical, poetic, liter
ary and miscellaneous. It was largely de
voted to California— its products and pros
pects, its attractions and advantages, its
men and women and its enterprises and
resources. It is a number to file away for
future reference and to send abroad to
spread the gospel of California.
NO RIVAL IN LOCAL RANKS.
The Nation.
The Christmas number of the San Fran
cisco Call was the finest Christmas news
paper ever issued in California. It wasn't
the seasonable Christmas cake it was after
— it fairly captured the whole bakery. To
day Thk Call has no rival worthy'of the
name in the ranks of the local press.
Eclipse is first and the rest are nowhere.
The way to supreme success in the race of
journalistic rivalry is doubtless hard, but
where the present proprietor of The Call
leads there are no "frozen ridges of the
Alps," as the bard of Avon puts it — long
or short ridges at that — formidable enough
to balk the victor at the winning-post.
A WORLD'S RECORD.
San Luis Obispo Tribune.
The San Francisco Call made a new
world's record for phenomenal editions in
its Christmas number and established a
new and incontrovertible claim to leader
ship among the great metropolitan jour
nals of the country. It was a demonstra
tion that great bulk wa3 not necessarily
destructive of excellence in quality; that
to multiply volume it is not necessary to
use shoddy and refuse filling. We would
say that the edition had reached the
standard of a nigh-class magazine, but
that, alter all, might be a dubious comDli
ment. The Christmas number of The Calli
was read. That is higher praise. Such
editions are usually only "hefted" and
glanced at askance.
OF INTEREST TO ALL.
Santa Rosa Republican.
The Christina? edition of the San Fran
cisco Call is a big thing every way it may
be considered. The paper consists of fifty
two seven-column pages. These pages are
filled with the best thoughts of the best
writer? of California. Most of the varied
and numerous industries and advantages
of the State are treated at considerable
length. Nearly a hundred writers contrib
ute special articles over their own signa
tures. The paper is, indeed, a great jour
nalistic feat, but the editor can scarcely
expect many people to read it through.
There is too much of it for busy people
who have a living to earn. At the same
time every one will find something of spe
cial interest to himself in this great news
paper.
ENDEAVORS TO DO JUSTICE.
Grass Valley Telegraph.
The San Francisco Call of December 25
is a special edition an:l in many respects a
good one. The special articles by" many
of the leading men of this State on the
particular line in which they are interested
is a cood feature. But the article about
Nevada County's schools does not do
justice. We are entitled to more credit
than is gi,ven, and if left to the County
Superintendent to write the article no doubt
would have been more creditable. Nevada
County has always been the banner min
ing county of the State, yet we are hardly
mentioned in an article by the State Min
eralogist. We believe The Call was con
scientious in its endeavors to do justice,
but in its write-ups in some instances
there is considerable lacking.
OF A HIGH ORDER OF MERIT.
Fr«ano Expositor.
The Call's Christmas number of fifty
two pages is a paper that reflects un«
bounded credit on "all concerned in its
publication. It has several very valuable
papers from men who can speak with,
authority on subjects which they write
about, and they are men whose views con*
cerninc matters affecting the welfare and
prosperity of the coast are worth attention
from everybody who is capable of exerting
a healthful influence on public opiniop.
And Ihe Call also had abundance of
splendidly entertaining reading for those
who read to while away an idle hour or to
learn what some of the brightest writers in
the State have to say anent the Christmas
holiday. Taking the contents of tha
Christmas number of The Call altogether
they were of a very higu order of merit.
IT WAS A "STCXXER."
Ukiah Herald.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran*
Cisco Call was a '•stunner," loaded witlt
the best selected statistics to be derived
from the history and progress of our won
derful State. Every page from the lirst to
the fifty-second, was filled with matter of
the most importance— facts that ar«
backed up by preponderance of evidence.
Every article was from the pen of men
who are familiar with the great State of
Cali/ornia, and more especially those from
each county. Every reader in California
should forward this edition of Thb Cai.u
to a friend in the East. It will bring to
us a larger population and one whom we
will welcome as a needed addition. It is
not a boom sheet, but one devoted to the
interests of our glorious State and the kind
that places us before the people as we are.
WORTH A DOLLAR TO SEND EAST.
San Luis Obispo Reasoner.
The San Francisco Call publishes a
fifty-two-page Christmas number. Unlike
many such efforts on the part of the daily
press, it is not altogether an advertising
scheme padded out with trashy reading
matter. The articles are carefully pre
pared by well-known men and women of
the State, who sign their names to their
writings. There are more than a hundred
of these, and the range of subjects is wide,
not only including matters concerning the
industries and advantages of different sec«
tions of the Htate, but treating of economi
cal, scientific, literary, artistic and other
subjects. It is a most valuable production
and reflects credit upon the energetic
editor and his loyal corps of workers. The
price is only 5 cents, but it is worth a dol
lar to send to your friends who are inter*
ested in California matters.
MOST POPULAR DAILY.
San Francisco El Comercio.
This great and influential paper of the
dnily press came forth on Christmas morn*
ing with a mammoth edition of fifty-two
pages of varied and interesting matter
and illustrations. In fact, the edition re
ferred to is a veritable encyclopedia, in
which solid articles on gcientiric.iudustriai,
commercial, agricultural and statistical sub
jects as well as on those of art and banks
appear, showing great enterprise on the
part of our esteemed contemporary. Thk
Call undoubtedly has taken the lead
among the great newspapers published in
this City, and has become the most popular
and creditable one west of the Rockies, aa
well as one of the leading among the
many excellent ones published in the
United States. We send greeting to Thi
Call and our compliments and good wishes
to its intelligent and enterprising editor
and proprietor, Charles M. Shortridge.
910
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
What Must Be Done to Create
an Active Real Estate
Market.
IMPROVEMENT COMPANY SALE.
City Property and Golden Gate Aye
Due Residences Ordered to
Be Sold.
The public arc well aware that the high ,
rate of taxation on property has been the
rate of dividends to de- |
r> in i iie savings banks. That there
should be in the face of this reduced in
come a greater number of accounts
opened than closed in the savings banks j
when the reverse is usually true at this i
time of the year is a matter of great j
surprise.
In the present age of the world the '■
banks are the natural custodians of money, ]
and unless circulating medium disappears j
the bank will have the money of a commu
nity, whether it belongs to one person or
another, and let there be ever so much ac- J
tivity in real estate the amount of the
banks' deposits will not be affected. If the
purchaser withdraws the seller will deposit ■
the same amount.
M.mey nominally in a savings bank is ;
really in active circulation, because no j
Dank* actually ke> p> any more money on j
hand than is necessary for safety. Money I
withdrawn iroin a savings bank, unless
ted in a commercial bank, goes out I
of circulation, its i:^e being lost to tne i
community. N\ ither business men nor
ss r.p n bury th< ir monej in the
■ :. r.M'l U'ktiivi iv few deposit with '
.-aft; deposit com] anies, hence it follows
that i >1 be in the ! antes of
one cL ther. It is not a cause for
repret, :i? the mission of banks is to em
ploy the money under their control. Banks
- boarders of money.
em i his way is ii'>n<' by
individuals. The money deposited in a
s;tving> bank is }>ut to a variety of uses
and i. d to real estate. a> some
may B ■ Money is borrowed n;i real
estate security for investment in business j
Ferent natures.
that the accumulation of money
in the - i ca ise of inaction in the
real estate market is not true. A real
e>tate market is created by a demand for
- of business and residences in addi
tion t sting, and there can be no
active market unless business revives and
expands so as to demand extra accommo
dations.
WHAT THI? CITY MUST DO.
Under this caption Thomas Ma tree in j
the last issue of his Real Estate Circular i
says:
Of one thing th:~ City may be sure: It will ]
have to put Its f ler 1 the wheel, I
much more money, and exhibit much more en
terprise than it has hitherto done. Ail honor j
■ to it for the San Jonquin Valley and !
Corral Hollow ro«<ls, mit t!:.j>e roads, when j
finished, will almost at or.cc emphasize the
er collateral ent projects.
Why In the name <.>f common sense should
a and Seattle, all
i pass this City propor- ;
Fin •■in., terprtee? The loss result- :
iii vacancies and reduced rents of whole- ;
factories and warehouses in this :
< Ity during th*.- past year alone, would, |
U paved, have pm at least half a dozen i
productive enterprises on their feet.
Heal estate generally will not improve in
rents or values until we eern the advance. In
past times, wheu we had no real competition,
railroads let the whole world in to
snatch our trale away; when San Francisco
was the only city on the coast, and before it
became the profit and the spiteful policy of ]
the Southern Pacific to form a!l its coml'ina
tiona tor the injury of this City, one might buy
a lot anywhere with the certainty that, with- I
out effort on the owner's part.it would cer
tainly increase rapid'y in value. Then we
could, and did, Mleep and grow rich. But now
If a city grows it must be sa tike— wide awake— i
vigilant and be incessant in its efforts at each :
of its doorways to secure r.e* trade and in
crease its commerce. Push, work and willing- ■
ness to spend money must take the place of '■
the old sleety way- of u.e past. We have no j
other choice if we are to go ahead.
REVIKW OF THE WEKK'B BBOOBDS.
There were 103 real estate loans made ;
last week, amounting in the aggregate to
(456,488. The following abstract from the \
records shows the principal sums and the
security accepted:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, !
tor one year at ti'-.j per cent. $12,000 to c. M. t
Jiichter on property on the north line of Geary
street, 137:6 west of Jones, 37 :tixlU7:<; ; $5000
to Patrick P.rady on the northeast corner of
Ellis *nd Broderick, 137:<5x137 :tl ; tpSOOO to
Patrick Lynch on property on the south line '
of McAllister, 192:6 west of Lerkin, 3ti:Bxl2o;
(16,000 to Mary T. Sper.ce on property on the i
southwest line o: First, ">o Boutheaetof Howard, !
40x80, property on the m.rth line of Golden !
Gate avenue, 125 west of Devisadero street, j
4(! 10' : ,xi:i7 :•:. and property on the south line j
of Sacramento, l<K)eastof Drum in, 37:b"x4.V In; :
i*.'»"i.ikhi to Fltel Phillips on property j
on the southwest corner of Ellis anil '
Mason, south -J7:ti, west 82:6. etc., property !
on the east line of Stockton, 73:f> north of But
ter, 34x137 *6, and property on the north line
of Bosh, t;o east i f Dupont, east 50, north
137:6, etc; $15,000 to the Howard Presbyte
rian Society on property at the southwest cor
ner oi Oak and Baker, 125x100; .fSOOO, A. H.
Crew, on property on the south line of O'Far
rell 137:6, west of Jonea 45:10x137:6; $10,-
USO to William H. Norton on 50-vara at the
Bctitheast corner of Kroderick and O'Farrell; i
SI I.OOO to Martha S. Woodward on property at !
the northwest corner of Thirtieth and Mis
sion, north '_!»4 :11, west 100, etc., and $'27,000 .
to Jennie (.., Charles H. and Jennie H.stanyan '
on property on the south line of Sacramento !
155 west Of Polk, 91:6x127 :8U, and 50-vara!
Bt the northwest corner of Bush and Bu- I
chnnati. liv the German Savings and Loun
Society— sl2,ooo to Samuel W. Cowlea for one
year at 6s<j per cent, un property on the north
east 'me of Eighth avenue and D street, north
122:7%, ea-t 40, etc.; property of irregular
bhape on the north line of I) street, ;
east of Eighth avenue, and property
on the north line of Golden Gate
avenue. 03:!> west of Pierce street \
43:9x137:6: by the dermania Bnildinjf and !
Loan Association. 'sl2,ooo to John F. Bruns
for nine years, at U per cent, on the northwest '
corner of Pacific and Sansome, 34:4J^x67:6; j
and by the German Savings and Loan Society, i
$62,000 to John W. Mc-l»onald for one year, at
6% cent, on property on the northwest corner
of Devisadero and Eddy, 62:6x100. property
on the north litu-of Vallejo, 125 westof Van |
Ness, 25x13, ■>>, tie southeast corner of Gotigh
and Green, 28x100. property on the west line
of Devisadero. 68 :!* north of Ellis, 34 :J'..x125,
property on the south line of Vallejo, li"s east '
of dough, 30:12x37 .-6, property on tne south!
line of O'Farrell, 125 west of lievisadero, 50x
137 :G, property on the north line of Sacra
mento, 100 west of Sansome, 16:8x59:9. the
southeast corner <>t Post and Devisadero, BOx !
112 .(j, and tne southwest corner of Devisadero '
and O'Farrell, we.v 125, south 137:6, east 22,
etc.
The releases recorded the past week
numbered fifty-seven and represented
1191,338. The following were the largest
gntatad:
By Eugene Meyer, $1000 to CM. and It M
BlChter, oti property on the north line of
Geary street, 137:6 west of Jones, 37 6x137:6;
by Nellie Kenna, $15,000 to Mure 1 . hi ri K. B
Spence. on the southwest corner of Mtnna and
Ruse, bouthwest4l, soutli 80, etc.: southeast
corner of Minna and ßuss, 120x80; property
on the southeast line of Mission, 185 northeast
of Seventh, northeast 369*, southeast l<>o, etc.*
northwest corner of Sixth and Mission'
80x80; lot on the north line of Mi»-1
sion, 80 southwest of Sixth, 50x80; property
on the south line of Sacramento 100 east of
Dm mm 37:t>.\45 :10, the northeast corner of I
Davis and Commercial 50x58*9, lot on the I
west line of Polk 97 south of Fulton 40:0 x I
137:tJ, the southwest corner of Pacific and Du
pont 275x137:6, the southeast corner of Oak
and Webster 137:6x137*6, 50-vara lot at the
northeast corner of Page and Wel»ter, lot on
the north line of Page 137:6 east 01 Webster 90 1
X137 :6> property on the south line of Fulton j
137:6 cast of Devisadero east LOO south 147,
etc.; and 50-vara lots 1 to 5 IB, Western Addi
tion block 450; 50-vara lots 1, 4, 5 and 0 in
Western Addition Mock 44!>; 50-vara lots l
and 2, Western Addition, 510; 50-vara lots 1 !
to 7 in Western Addition, 511; 50-vara lots 1. !
2, 3 and •; In Western Addition block 512; 50
--vara lots 3 and . r > in Western Addition, 529;
50-vara lots 1,3 and 4 in Western Addition,
530; also ,*IO,OOO on the shine thirteen pieces j
first described in the last release; by the Hi
bernia Savings and Loan Society $21,000 to
William D. and Elizabeth St. Clair on an irreg
ular-shaped piece of property in Mission block
lit); hy<;.T. Knoff 910,000 to Peter Gallagher
on a lot on the north line of Twenty-lirst, 75
west of Bryant. 25x93; and by Jennie S. Cath
erwood $15,000 to Clara L. Catherwood on the
northeast corner of Spear and Harrison 45:10 x
137 :(i.
Deeds were recorded the past week to
the number of 102, and only six builders'
contracts were recorded.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.
One of the most important sales of real
estate ever held in San Francisco, and one
which will without doubt attract the atten
tion of all those seeking fo- solid invest- '
ments, will take place on Thursday, the
2>kl inst.. at the salesroom of Baldwin &
Hammond, 10 Montgomery street. On
that day there will be sold at public auc
tion, by order of the Pacitic Improvement
Company, over $500,000 worth of property,
in subdivisions both large and small.
The property on the southwest corner of
Fifteenth and Valencia streets, 140x295
feet, will be offered, and as it is centrally
located and bound to increase in value, it
cannot but prove a splendid investment.
There is also 150 feet frontage on Valencia
street, corner of Hermann, which is one of
the most valuable business properties in
this City to-day, and also 250 feet on Mis
sion street, near Twelfth, wnich is desir
able for both business and residence sites.
The most valuable property and the peer
of them all is the 280 feet frontage on
Market street, near Twelfth, which as an
investment will prove a veritable bonanza
in a few years, owing to its location.
The property on Twelfth street, near
Market, will also be sold, as well as 1000
feet frontage on adjacent streets, which is
all valuable from the fact that it is coming
business property and is also desirable for
dwellings. Another very choice lot to be
offered is the northwest corner of Seven
teenth and Castro streets, which is excel
lent business property. Also rive residence
lots on Waller street, near Stanyan, each
27:6x85 feet, will be offered.
Nearly all of the above property is yield
ing a ground rental. Some of it is under
lease for short periods at low rents, which
can be increased, as most cf the leases will
soon expire.
The terms are only 25 per cent cash and
the balance in one, two an I three years.
One of the features of Yon Rhein & t'o.'s
auction next Thursday is a portion of Mis
sion block 48, which Em lon ra to the City
and which is sold under order of Mayor
Stttro and the Board of Supervisors. The
lot is one of a number of pieces reclaimed
from what was formerly Mission Creet,
wh icli, since they are now of no benefit to
the <"ity, should "be disposed of so that the
proceeds of sales may ro into the treas
ury. The auctioneers are considering
whether or not to offer the entire piece i:i
one parcel or subdivide it into four or
more iots. There is a large piece at Seven
teenth and Folsom streets which brings in
a rental of $184 monthly ; also flats on Page
street, one block and a'half from Market,
bringing in $'<> per month: a piece at Clay
and Stockton streets, rented to Chinese
at $187 per month; and dwellings in
various locations renting at $16 to $50 a
mo:ith. Among tne vacant pieces is a
tine Richmond corner.
To twenty of the excursionists who ar
rivfd during the last fortnight E. K. Alsip
& Co. have sold land in the Fair<>aks
colony, Sacramento County, in tracts of
two and a half acres to twenty acrrs, and
they all paid deports. Others are daily
coming from the East with a view of pur
chasing, and these agents exrect a large
party in a few days. Those who do not
purchase in this tract are scattering over
the northern portion of the State, and in
many instances have purchased elsewhere.
Central California is having more general
advertisement in the East than at any
period in its history, and the literature
ihat is being distributed is well worth the
perusal of Californians as well as Eastern
men, as it is the choicest of the kind ever
issued, giving facts aud figures bound to
be convincing.
Sales reported by A. M. Speck & Co. are
as follows:
Cottage and lot 22x112 on the east line of
Diamond street, near Twenty-third, $2200;
lot 34x137*6 with two-story house on the
south line of Jackson street, near Leaven
worth, .*4000: two modern fiats, 1024 Shot
well street, lot 25x122:6, $5000; cottage on
Columbia Heights and lot 25x110, $500: two
lots on Clay street, near Spruce, 25x127:6, for
.«! 900 each; an improved ranch of 160 acres
north of Livermore, to W. J. Lawrey,
Mrs Frank Mahon and Mrs. Dr. Joseph
\ Fescia, the daug ters of the late Miles D.
Sweeney, have purchased for the sum of
$25,000, through Easton, Eldridge & Co.,
! the Tillmann residence on the north line
! of Washington street, 137:6 feet west of
! Gough, and lot 65x127 :SV+ feet. These
i new owners are contemplating making ex
| tensive improvements in the same to cost
; several thousand dollars.
The following sales are reported by
; Baldwin & Hammond:
Lot on the south line of Clement street, 80
i feet west of Twenty-fifth avenue, size 25x100.
! at northeast corner of Frederick and
\ Belvedere. 25x110. $'.2750; lot and improve
: ments on the west line of . c econa avenue, 150
• feet south of Lake, 31 :5x120, $4400; northeast
'■ corner of Francisco and Powell, 28:9x69:9,
$10,000, with improvements, consisting of a
two-story building of store anil flats; lot and
improvements nortnwest corner of I.aguna
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Ingleside Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
Index.
Name.
Best
Lbs 1 record.
Lbs Tk.
(505) Joe Hill .107 1:01%| 5f 106|F...
517 I'ncertainty 105
516 Leonville 102 1:02 6f 110 F...
621 Pecksniff 105
520 I'ollot-k 92 j
434 iVM-ador 305
501 Eventide 82 1:14% *H f 87 F...
L-".' Mollie R 97 1:41 7f 92 11..,
511 Last Chance.... 109 1:0714; 6y a f;105F...
(821) Braw Scot 107il:01% 5* 106 F...
522 i:m:.rs Norfolk 100 1:08 I 6i/ 2 f 1107 |F... j
J. Hill Kingston-Lady Oolden
.1. Q. lirown <fc Co.. Emperor-Quandary
ArcbiblditLottridge Leoniniis-VilPtt"
.i. m. Bntlex Ip. Mr. Pickwlck-Henlopen
McNftughton&Muir Imp. Kossincton-Marjorie
I). K. Dfckey (Jano-Arnieda Howard
Dr. Fuller Flamheau-Hvan<;eliiip
|J. Bobbins Imp. Mariner-Cantenac
Oakland stable Duke of Norfolk-Vedette
K. Bchrelber ilp.Midlothian-Hel'nSoratch
|G. Rose iKmperor Norfolk-Savannah
SK( o.n D RACE— Fifteen-sixteenths of a mile:
: three-year-olds.
ndex.
Name.
I Hesi
Lbs record.
Lbs,
|Tk.
514 Tenacity 106 1:46% lm
94 si m Leake 110 1:013/1,16
(512) Wyoming ' 10b 1:16% 6 I
601 Ida H ' H9 j
513 Daylight 104 |
! 87 H..
110 F:..
112 F...
K. Corrlgan ' Longfellow-Modest y
■Burns* VVaterhuse'lmp. Darebin-Carrie C
J. (;. Krown &Co.. Pardee-Caprice
B. Schreiher IBen Ali-Hldalga
i A. B. Spreckels jColoma-Laura 1)
THIRD RACE— One mile; purse.
Name.
I Bert
Lbs record.
v
Tk.
436 Salonica 119 1:44
4!*7 Vo Xl Roy 117 no recJ
454 Flastallgbl 112 1:41
4f)2 117 1:34
398 liiindsnme 113 1 :f)6V2
526 Kri Kearney.... 117 1:41
491 Long dOr 114 no rec.;
626 Nephew 117 1:42
456 Highland 112 ...
526 Moderocio 107 1:16
521 Fortuna 112 1:14
jl m
1 m""
7 f
lVsm
1 m
i"m'""
6f
6f
104
88
102
108
104
P... S. C. Hildreth iGrinstead-Jennie D
I-... |C. L. Fajr Joe Hooker-Marion
,F... .Hope. CilCnßtk farm Surinam-Laura Winston
H.. J.Cochran Sid-May Belle
1 F.. . E. Corrigan i llano ver-imp. ( 'lnderella
[F... M. Smith .Torn Ochil tree-Medusa
Lj.-D. Halliday Rayon d'Or- Blandana
'F...G. Rose Sprii!gbok-Tho Niece
.... H. schreiber Colonel Hepburn- Kdna
. !■... <;. 15. Morris «fc Co.. Imp. sir Modred-Preciosa
;F... Encino stable [Imp. Brutus- Viola Kea
103
105
96
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs: handicap.
Index. (
Name.
| Best |
jLbfl record. ;
Cist.
Lbfl Tk. !
Owner.
510 I Logan... 113 1:40% 1 m 119 F..
624 Imp. Star Ruby 109 1 :443/x ' 1 m 103 11..
524 Installa.or 108.1 :20y 3 61/ a f 107 P..
(626) Kerrler 105] 1:42 1 m 1.0 P..
508 Grtuly 90 1:13 *6 f 109 F..
514 Ailßaba i 87 i 1:271/4 7f 100 P..
602 Miss Norma....) 84 I:l5V* 6f |95 F..:
i
■ Shields , Voltiguer-Pert
B. Morris <t Co. . Hamptou-Ornament
ni wood Stk Farm Imp. lirurus-lnstallation
i\ Monte stable... Falsetto-Imp. Cinderella
yon Bros Throe Chi ers-Oold Cup
'1 Monte stable... Joe Daniels-Tost
okelumneSkFrm Bend dor-Miss Muggins
FIFTH RACE— Fifteen-sixteenths oi a mile;
Index.
Name.
I Best I
Lbs record. ' Dist.
Tk.
Pedigree.
478 Sir George
(440) Jack Kicnelieu...
429 Allahabad
f>()4 May Day
(620) Olive
16 Foremost
511 Ginger.
616 Minnie Lee
604 Hansom.
481 Klco
604 HyDy
48a Peraena,
104 1:19 6f
104 1:33 7 (
98 1 : 381* 7 f
104 1:41V4 1 m
104 I:l6V* 6f
98 ;1 :49 V* I 1-iem
99 ;
9!> 1:60V4 1 m
103 1:41% 1 m
101 1:38 7 f
101 1:4134 1 m
i 86 i
107 H..
88 ii..
98 ii.. i
104 F...i
99 F...J
82 la !
i l -- K zeH i Spent nrift-imp. Piccadilly
\H. Schreiber I mp.Ureat Tom- Envenom
iw. D Randall Hyder Ali-Florlde
I A. P. Miller John A-Lawrence R
'E. Corngan Apache-Vir ie
A. B. Spreckels. Flood imp. Queen Bess
3. P.obbins Eolian-Hcspond
I. A. 11 on it; I'lenlpo-Jaronet
«• F - Sunders jAlgerlne-N elite Ransom
>. C. H'ldrPth .Shuniioii-Fanuie lewis
J. 11. Shields jHycler Ali-Adilie Wurren
t'ambridce stable. . Imp. Kiutf (ialloj>-Nanka
I
103 H.. |
96 F...
107 11..
i 92 F...
|
Kanxp.
Lbs
record. j
Pedigree,
(518) Reydeßandldos 92 1:15% ' fit
!(U4) Artis 110 1:26% 7 t
475 Long Lady ; 94 1:13 *6 f
497 Lismore 106 l:16 V-> 6f
(493) Sir Richard 110 1:11% *G f
519 Morven 107 1:101/4 6 I
(52») -snieid Bearer... 107)1:1834 6f
507 Monierey 104 1;13»/ 4 *6 i
495 T0an0........... ; 109, l:0ti«. 4 5% f
mo I" ■■ I '°" stable " •••"•• ! Imp. True Brlton-E. Collier
in£ [>*• '■; J -°7\ " Imp. Darebin-Hironrtelle
1 105 1F... I'UrnsiW'teDiouse Major Ban-Decoy Duck
i?.? £ - " •M i ; oi ',? re "';' Lisbon-Emetta '
?nl if" m?; T iS -; stratfd orlmp.Uhlan-Vlctrs
lO i If" ' h , Uo & (Jlark Imp. Cheviot-Lurllne
, off" 1 , 1 ' illni P N -------- Imp. Wagner-Mamie Cole
1r.3 I *' kto " stable.. Hi.lulßO-tilen Kllen
111,*... i wm. Bloombaush.. ! Longfellow -Salara
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1896.
street and Birch avenue, 70x110, $8500; lot
on west line of Twenty-fifth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street, $750:
lot and improvements on west line of Third
avenue, 150 feet north of Clement street,
$3000; lot on north side of Green street, 125
feet east of Van Xese avenue, $2150; rive lots
in outside land block 870, $275 each; lot on
t-nst side 01 Minnesota street, between Twenty
second and Twenty-third, 33x100, $1500; also
the following lots since the special Christmas
sale of 110 lots: Lot 10 in block 6, $375; lot 4
in block 7, $375; lot 50, block 3, $400; lot 51,
block 3, $400.
Sol Getz & Brother report considerable
activity south of the park and that fifteen
houses have been recently erected on their
properties there, in Itichmond and in Getz
Addition to Lakeview; also the following
sales in the last two weeks:
55x100, northeast corner of X street and
Thirty-sixth avenue, for ssso; 25x120, on the
east line of Twenty-third avenue, 175 feet
north of L street, "for $300; 25x120, on the
west line of Eleventh avenue, 225 feet south of
1 street, for #800; 25x120, on the east line of
Twelfth avenue, 275 feet south of I street, for
$800; 50x120, on the west line of Ninth ave
nue, 150 feet north of L street, for $900; 50x
120, on the east line of Forty-eighth avenue,
275 feet south of 1 street, for $500; 25x120, on
the west line of Nineteenth avenue. 225 feet
south of Point Lobos, for .f400; 50x120, on the
east line ot Twentieth avenue, 250 feet south
of Point Lobos, for $800; and 50x120, on the
east line of Forty-tilth avenue, 250 feet north
of U street, for $200.
In improvements the Hcyman Tract has
made a good showing for the past few
months. It was only last week that four
electric lights were added by the Street
Committee.
To-morrow week Easton, Eldridee & Co.
will offer at public auction among others
the following pieces of property :
Three cottages at the southwest corner of
Baker and Grove streets, and four residences on
the north line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6
west of Leavenworth street, with lot 60:6 x
137:6 aud L in the rear 22x54:6.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Champion Donnelly and T, I- . Bonnet
Defeat Champion Kilgallon and
R. I.im-llrtll.
Handball players were out in full force
yesterday and the courts were crowded.
The jolly banqueters had all recovered and
there was in consequence an unusually
large attendance at the Occidental court.
The attraction of the day was the game ;
between M. J. Kil»allon, the Denver cham- '
pion, and R. Linchan and Amateur Cham
pion P. T. Donnelly and T. P. Bonnet. ;
The riit> was mo-t exciting, and was finally
won by the good judgment and canning
tricks of the popular amateur champion. ,
On Wednesday night KiJgallon and Nea- !
ion will meet Lmehan, the overhand
swiper, and hi? partner, John Feeney.
At the San Francisco court two events \
roused t!if' i*r:>:iH'St excitement. M. I>;1
--icin :iiid (t. Hntchinson played against J.
Condon and \V. Williams, the Bostonian,
and won the final by a narrow majority.
J. Nelson and J. I'rendergast were de
feated by J. Siattery and p. Kelly in a
close finish. The talk at this court was the
! unexpected defeat of Phil Ryan, the genial
! proprietor, by Dan O'Brien in two straight
; games. To the surprise of everybody
! O'Brien played all round Ryan, and won
with the L-reatest ease.
The event of the day at the Union court
was a game between John teeny and Terry
McManos and J. Murray and Tim Jordan, :
; which was won by ihe former team. l>.iv:il
| C. Martin and Ed Turtle played against P. ;
\ K. Prendergast and Ben Jones, and wen |
| through the splendid tossing of Martin, '.
j who proved himself to be an expert.
Following were the games played in the
! different courts:
Ban Francisco court— R. Murphy and D. Re- ;
i gaii defeated J. Collins and J. White, 21 — 12,
: 9—21, 19—21. Pete Hutchinsonand W. Darius
defeated C. Buttertield and P. Barry, 21— 12,
i I(>— 2l, 21—10. J. McCarthy and \V. c'urran
| defeated M. O'Neil and J." Oassidy, 21— IB,
! 9—21.21—14. J. McDermott and K.'Finnigan
: defeated D. Connollv and D. O'Brien, 21— lti,
7—21, 21—14. W. Sweeney and J.
i Dougherty defeated F. Mitchell ami
I •'. Callahan, 21—18, 6—21, 21—14.
: Thomas Ryan and W. Darius defeated*'. But
! tcrneld and D. O'Brien 21—11, 17—21. 21— IS
i M. Dillon and <;. Hutchinson defeated J. Con
! don and W. Williams, the Bostonian, 21 — 19,
i 12—21, 21-12, 16—21, 21—17. J. Siattery
; and P.Kelly defeated J. Nelson and J. Pren
' dergast2l— l4, 19— 21, 21—12, 12—21.21—9.
Occidental court — Joe Baxter nnd D. E. Con
don defeated James J. O'Brien and W. ("ronan,
21—15,18—21,21—20. P. F. Mecormiekand
P. T. Donnelly defeated John Purcell and (J.
Goegin, I«— 2i, 21—19, 21—17. A. C. Bauer
! anil IJ.1 J . H. Uoessel defeated C. Kane and C. H.
Cofleld, 21— 17, 19—21,21—16 Al Collins and
Ben Clemmens defeated L: Kenny and J. E. I
O'Meara, 21— 14, 13— 21, 21—11. J. "White and
; J. Jackson defeated W. Jacobs ami G. Conning
j ham, 16— 21, 21—17, 21—19. Dr. Ed E. Hiil
j and D. M. Stanley defeated P. C. Vaughn and
IR. C. O'Connor, 21— 17, 12—21, 21—18. James j
C. Nt-alon nud H. R. French defeated Ed Ma- '
i lonoy and T. Fennessy, champion of the Acme i
! Club, 17—21, 21—19, 21-14. P. T. Donnelly !
I and T. F. Bonnet defeated M. J. Kileallon and i
! R. Linehan, 13-21, 21—14, 21—16, 19—21,
; 21—18.
Union court— A. B. Swanson and J. F. Heaney :
defeated R. Knowlcs and C. Zeigle, 21—18,
16—21, 21—16. J. Gllmone and I'hil Gtiugham j
! defeated T. Egan and Ed Gilmore. 21—11, 21— !
■ 14. David C. Martin and Ed Tuttle defeated P. j
i H. Prendergast and Ben Jones, 21—15, 17—21, !
1 21 — 4. J. Kennedy and William McManusde- ;
feated William Leonard aud Ed Greaney, 21 — j
' 17.10—21,21 — 16. ,T. Johnson and Prof-<sor
Lynch defeated.!. McGuinn and P. Joce, 21—
16, 18— 21, '21— 17. Nelson and Hendry defeated
J. Rodger and C. W. Kelly, 'Jl— lß, 19—21, 21
—17. P. Hutchinson miVl G. Redill defeated
George Fetters and J. Daly, 21—17, 21—19, 21
--20. John Feeney and Terry McManus de
feated J. Murray and Tim Jordan, 21—18, 21—
19, 18-21, 19-21, 21-17.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F B Granger A vv, Utah A W Waller, Mare Island
S L Bauderlaad, sacto J A Oilman, Sacto
X F Ciurk, Berkeley W H Knowlton.s JL Obispo
a Dean it w, Vlsalla F M Campbell, Oakland
B J) Foster. Texas L W Nolan, Mich
Mrs E Foster. Texas F T Mason, Napa
F J Brown, Santa l'.arb Mr.sHChaniherlin, Eureka
C W Kaland,suiita Biirb W C Baker, Bakeistield
TW Dibble, Santa Bart) L Cullisch it w, San Jose
8 \\ "-teintzelman, F 1L Botsfonl, Chicago
Sacramento k M <irt:en, Orovill-
Jt Pofheimer &w, Or Mrs li T Devlin, Sacto
F F Pire, Los Angeles (i A Keam,>an Bernadno
A M Davis & w, Mo W H Timms & w, N J
G B Hill, Sacto Miss Timms, N J
W P Johnson, Stockton M Prince. Santa Rosa
I C Tell, Stockton B Prince, Santa Rosa
J I Mills, Stockton W R Allison, Cal
0 Qnrnee, Oakland C liuy, Nev
S C Caswell, Merced « A j"ohnson, Redding
C H Lesgett, Merced C J Vance, Stockton
s J Lubin. Kacto J Kirkland, Amadur
It Dun, Sacto a v Duncan, Ckiali
* Quimby, Sacto j M Mannon, Ukiah
BALDWIN HOTEL.
SSolenhall. Sacramento HJ Wood, Belevande
Miss S Earhurt; SacmtO T F Norion.Cherry Creek
J! G McDougall, Ca] J E Crooks, wards
X Arnold, LO3 Anseles J C Crooks, Haywards
X X Jones, ban Jose J Madison & w, Alameda
J Jones, San Jose S S Rau, N V
F Smith, San Jose Mrs X M Lemberger, Or
A Them, N V r t Manning, China
II F i ; rimn & w, La 8 G Lamot, Sacramento
M Burke, Los Gatos Mrs B Moody, Monterey
U B Morris, Los Gatos i" Moody, Monterey
M M heia, 8t Louis J Moody & dr, Monterey
p F Mclntire, Lakeport A Worthlngton, Lakeport
X James, Nebr
M.W WESTERN HOTEL.
J D Downey, Portland H H Redmond, Angel Id
W Stolker. Alaska X S Adams, Chicago
II It Dunhar, Stockton E B Wise, StocKton
T Packham, Denver G H Abbott, Salem
II C Ohl, Santa Rosa J B reed, San L Oblspo
A Peii'er, Jamestown
PALACE HOTEL.
D Oppenhelmer, NY H H Pitcher, Livermore
J F Moore, St a Barbara J H Bla:k, N V
Miss Davis, N V w F Reynolds, England
C H Wilson, Boston H Dater, N V
.Mrs J U Winston, Ls A F J McCarthy. Los Ang
Miss Winston, Los Ane C F Street, N V
W U Wymau, Coronado Miss M Harris, Colo Spgs
WKATHKR BUREAU KEPOKT.
I'.nitkd States Dkpastmkst of Agricci>
turk, Wkathkr Ki-rkau, San Franoisco, Jan
uary 12, 181)6, 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following are th« seasonal rainfalls to date
a^ compared with those of the same date last year:
Eureka 15.90, last season 24.23; Red Bluff 6.66,
lasl season 17.33: San Francisco 4.10, last season
l. r >.67; Fresno 1.11, last season 7.16; San I.uls
Oblspo 4.00, last season 15.3'J: Los Angeles 1.71,
last seu.ion (5.51 ; San Diego 1.57, last season 3.20;
Vutoi .32, last season 2.21.
The following maximum temperatures are re- '
ported from siations In California to flay: Kureka
50, S&n Francisco .ii, I.uaAn^-lcs 58, Red Uluff
54, San Luis Obispo 66. San Diego 58, Fresno 60,
Independence 54, 'S nma 70.
Sao Francisco data— Maximum temperature 54,
minimum 47. mean 50.
An area of high pressure prevails this evening
over the Rock]* Mountains and plateau reuions.
and the pressure luis risen slitrhtly ovex I'iah,
Nevada, Eastern California and Southern Idaho.
The pressure has fallen slightly over Washington !
and Northern Idaho, but there is no Indication y«'t
of a storm centi r on the Pacific Coast. Cloiidy ■
weather prevails generally throughout Northern i
and Central California, and sprinkles of rain are j
reported from Red Bluff and Point Reyes. The !
temperature lias remained practically stationary i
over the entire country west of the Kocky Moun
tains.
Koreca-tt m.ide at San Francisco for thirty
hours I'inling midnight January 12, 1896:
Northern California— Continued cloudy and
threatening weather, with possibly light sprinkles
of rain; stationary temperature; southeasterly j
winds. ]
Southern California— Increasing cloudiness; sta
tionarj- temperature: !lj?hi easterly winds.
Nevsda — Fair; stationary [eniperature.
Utah— Fair: stationary temperature.
Arizona— Fair: stationary temperature.
>-an Francisco and vicinity— Continued cloudy,
threatening weather, and probably llcht rain; sta
tionary temperature; southeasterly winds.
A. McAsrs. Local Forecast. Official. j
THE CALX CALENDAR.
January, 1896.
•i
13
I Tu. W.ITh.I
' 1 1
7 8 9
14 16 16
21 22 23
'28 29 30
I Fp. Sa. i 
I I Moon's Phaies.
3 i 4
Last Quarter.
■ v *« / January 7.
10 11 I— — ;
(C&i Nc»v Moon.
, ye/January J4.
17 18
_ /^First Quarter
j Vi/ January 22.
24 j 28 i
! (%>. Full Moon.
: , vs> January 30.
i 31 I
12
20
—
38
I 27 I
o«J t.A> a i KAHKBB,
Dates of Departure Jrom San Francisco.
RX4KCB. ; siksti.va IKin- j
SAILS.
I PIKR.
H0mer...... ! Coos Bay 'Jan 13. Oceanic
>aralion... | \ ninilii-i liny. Jan 18. 6i-m I'htJ
Pomona ; Humboldt Bay Jan 14. Vr»iiPier9
Btateor C»i fonland .". Jan 14.10 am Pier2l
SantaKosa.. San Diego Janl4.llAM Pier 1 1
Linaillla.... j Vie & I'tn Snd Janls. 9am Pier 9
*>' Paul NewDort Jan 16. 9am : Put 11
I'eru China Japan Jan 18, 3pm PM SS
Corona San Diego Jan 18,11 am Pier 11
Columbia... Portland Jan Ist. 10am Pier 24
Ara«o Coos Uov Jim 19.10 am PlerlS
City Sydney Panama Jan 20,12 m PMSS
Del I-iorie .. (irays HarDor. Jan 20. fifth St
CltyPuebla.. Vie A I'm tsna jan2o. 9am Pier 9
Point ix>ma. rays Harbor. Jan 20.12 m • Pier 'i
Australia Honolulu Jan2O.IUAM Oceanic
BTTKAMERS TO AKKIVJi.
:a
kr |
| Due
City of Panama! Panama
Farallon Yamiina Kav
Wellington Departure Bay..
Geo w Elder.... Portland
Australia. i Honolulu
Pomona. Humboidt Bay
BtPaui Newport.
City or hverett Panama "...
North i-Oru Rum bold t Bay ...
Mackinaw Comox
Willamette Mexico *.."..."..."....
Ban Bern to Tacoma
City of Sydney. Panama
Columbia ! Portland
Empire Portland
Mexico San I Metro
City or Piieoia.. Victoria <£ i*ueec Sound
iiarlnosa .Sydney .■
Willamette . . . Departure Bay !!*.". .'.".'".'.
Point Lioma, — Urays Harbor
eureka. Newport
Araeo l-'oos Bay ;
San Bias Panama."
Del Norte Urays Harbor
Crescent City... Crescent City-
Rate of Cal ... Portland
...Inn 13
I. .Jan 18
I. Jan 13
j...lun 18
..Jan IS
..Jnn IS
..Jan 14
..Jan 14
..Jan 15
..Jan 16
..Jan 15
..Jan 15 I
..Jan 16 !
..Jan 16 ;
..Jan 16 i
..Jan lti i
..Jan 16
..Jan 16 J
..Jnn 1H
...lan 17
..Jan 3 8
...fan 1H !
..Jan 18 !
..Jan 18 !
..Jan 20
..Jan -21
BUN AM) TIDE TABLE.
A
a
B.
4.
small. Large. :Small. Large. Rises Sets Rises
o.ooa 9.53 a! 4.00 a 5.30P 725 B.IS 6 48
0.12 a 10.41 a: 4.54*. 6.0(1 7.'J5 T..14 Sets
Sets
k±±r fL. iRTKI^i-AtiJiUCJfi.
Arrived.
SUNDAY, January 12.
Stmr Santn Rosa, Alexander, 60 ; ' i hrs from San I
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <fe I
Co.
Stmr National City. Andresen, 23 hours from
Eureka: bound to southern ports: put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Noyo, Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and mdse, to J s Klmnall.
Stmr Gco Loomis, Briagett, — hours from Ven
tura: oil. to Union Oil Co. Up river direct.
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen, 1(3 hours from Caspar:
wood and lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co. ."■
Btmr Crescent City, Allen, 86 hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse, to Ilobns, Wall «fe Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Lelnnd. — hours from Santa Cruz,
etc: produce, to Uoodall. I'orklns <fc Co.
Salle-l.
SUNDAY. January 12.
Stmr K.nreka, Jepsen. Han Pedro.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Ktmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
Ship SusqiK-hantia, Sen-all, Avonmotith.
Ship Levl G Burgess, Youngeren, Nanalmo,
Br ship Cuthona, Munmuir. Sydney.
Bktn Newsboy, Mollestad, Puget Sound.
Teiographic.
POtNT LO BOS— January 12-10 pm- Weather
cloudy; wind calm.
l>omost;c Port*.
ASTORIA -Sailed Jnn 1-Br bark Mowban.Ger
bark Edith, Ger ship Vasco de Uama and Br bark
Bannockburn. forQueenstown.
KKbONDO— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Westport.fm
Fort Brajtsr.
BOWEXS LANDING— SaiIed Jan 12 — Schr
Chetco. for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Sailed Jan 12-Stmr Whites
boro, tor san Francisco.
SOUTH IJKND— Jan 12— Bktn North
Bend, hence Jan 1; schr Melanctbon, hence Jai> 3;
schr Uranus, hence Dec 29: stmr Point Loma, hnc
Jan 8 and sailed for San Francisco.- . • ,
EUREKA-Salled Jan 12-Schrs J G Wall and
OcidPntal and stmr Pomona, fc San Francisco.
PORT' LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jnn 11— Nor
•tmr Peter Jebsen. from Nanalmo. 12— Br ship
Airlie, from Antwerp.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jon 12— Stmr Excelsior,
for San Francisco.
COOS ii V— Arrived Jan 12— Schr Sacramento,
hence Jan 4.
SalltM Jan 12— Hchrs Daisy Bowe and Corinthian,
for San I raneisco.
MENlJOclxo-ArrivedJan I'<2—Stnir Point Ar
ena, hence .Jtui n.
TiTUOSH- I'assad in Jan 3 2 — Bark Fonst
Queen, hence Jan 4 for Tncoma; strur Walla
Waila, heuce Jan 10 for Victoria.
MovfMisent of Tr.'tno-.VMatttln St-e*m»r«.
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 12— Stmr La Normandie,
from New York for Havre.
.NEW YORk- Arrived Jan 12— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from Havre: sirnr Aurania, from Liverpool
and Queenstown: stmr Persia, irom Hamburg;
stmr Victoria, from Meditr-rranean ports.
PR AW j,E POINT- Passed Jan 12-Stmr South
wark, from New York for Amsterdam.
I mnortntloiis.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Per Santa Rosa-8 sks
pees, 3 nke-s mdae. , •
Fort Harford— l2 bxs fish, 23 dressed calves, 3
coops chickens, 1 bale metal, 2 pkgs mdse, 1 bxd
piano and stool. 79 sks mustard, 7 bdls pelts, 1 lot
furniture: 18 sks walnuts, 39 cseggs, 14 cs honey,
28 bxs butter, 1 cs bacon, 1 sk quail, 19 sks dried
fruit, 1 bx hardware.
Santa Barbara— 2 kegs olives, 1 bx oranges, Ibx
jelly. 1 Ixli pelts, 28 bxs lemons, 28 sks crawfish.
Los Angeles, via Port Los Angeles— l bxd piano, i
1 cs hardware, 1 pkg paper. 1 keg wine, 1 cs fur
nlshing goods. 1 keg copper. 1 bdl liose, 1 kg wine,
10 cs sordines, 2 cs chili, 1 bx ruober washers, 6 bis
lining, 9 sks metal shingles, 2 sks oeeswax.
Redondo— l7o bxs oranges. 14 bxs lemons, 1 cs
rubber goods, 28 sks sweet potatoes, 2 pkgs mdse,
1 bx dried fruit.
Los Annies, via Redondo— ls pkgs mdse, 2 pkgs
castings, 3cs hardware, 2 cs caps, 10 bbls butter,
18 cs advertising matter.
San Diego— "269 bxs oranges, 144 bdls hides, etc,
3 Sks rubber, 16 cs eggs.4 bxs type, 2 sks beeswax,
1 sk nuts. 2 cs tobacco, 9 bxs tomatoes. 1 plow, etc,
1 cs salt meats, 21 bxs limes, 2 cs mincemeat. 126
bxs lemons. 11 sks iron, 3 sks zinc, 2 sks copper, 1
bx raisins, 171 sks raes. 2 sks dried fruit, 5 kegs
olive*, 36 cs honey, 108 bdls dried fish, 36 hf-hbls
pickled fish, 1180 sks oats, 15 pkgs mdse, 1 bx cau
fruit.
FORT BRAGG— Per N0y0— 199.222 ft lumber. 1
hx pat; eras, 1070 railroad ties, 202t> posts, 400 bdls
laths, 1 bdl castings, 3 bxs fish, 2 bdls hides, etc, 4
pkps mdse.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— l bbl 3cs
meat, 1 cs bacon, 2 sks hides, 5 pkgs mdse.l piano,
16 bxs apples, 1 keg fish, 50 tons junk, — 11 ft lum
ber.
Consignees.
Per Santa Rosa— Cal A Npv Creamery Co; NB
Oreensfelder & Co: Norton. Teller <fc Co; M P Ca
bral; Dairymen's Union Dodge, Sweeney A Co: M.
SSima3; OB Smith <fc Co; Wetmoreßros; A B
Conley; De Bernardi A Co: Levi, Strauss A Co; E
J Shattnck A Co; H Cowell Co; OC A Co; C
X Egan; M T Freitas <fc Co; Wood, Curtis <fe Co: J
A Moreland; Chas Harley <fc Co; M Ehrman A Co;
Levl Spiegel A Co; Wellman, Peck. A Co; W S Hay
<ft Co; WBSumner&Co: Amer Press Assn: H b
Greenhood: Hilmer. Bredhoff A Scbnlz: ±£ Dutard:
San Francisco Brewery: Smith's Cash Store; hite
Sewing Machine Co; D E Allison & Co; Columbus
Bugiry Co; A Galli Fruit Co; Selby Smelting and
.Lead Co; Kowalsky A Co: Porter Bros A Co; \V H
Coffin: J Ivancovicb A Co: A Levy <fc CO; N W
Spaulding; Campoaonico A Malcolm; A Sensen
bremer; Eveleth <fc Nash ; Gray <fc Barbieri : Deere
Imp Co: L Scatena <fe Co: W W Montague A Co: H
H T Jackson: Goodyear Rubber Co; Cal Fruit Ex
change; H W Jones: \V B Cotrel: C J Fallen; Pac
Ammonia and Chemical Works; Dolliver Bros; E
D Clarroi<e; J Erlanger & Co: C Carpy & Co; G W
Scott; Baker Hamilton; Wieland Brewing Co;
Bissinger A Co; Enterprise Brewery: APaladml:
American Union Fish Co; Milani Co; Cal Wine
Assn: Brigham, Iloppe Co; Wilson A Baechtel;
Wltzel ABaker; IlillsBros; C E Whitney <fc Co; J
M Wilkins; Fredericksburg Brewery: H Waldeck;
Cal Bottling Co: McDonough «fc Runyon : M Brown;
C J Leist A Co; 8 Levy <fe Co; \V F Mitchell; Crown
Distillery Co: GetzßrosACo; B Halght; E G
Pendleton: II Heckman A Co; « CamiUonlACo:
L D Stone & Co: Western Meat Co: B Kobison: F
E Bronsou; F.crnard AChaix; Boston Woven
Hose Co; Haas, Baruch & Co; B Dreyfus & Co: C
M Ricliter: Kittle A Co: BufYaio Brewery; J Melo
zer Co; E W Ea'.and: Philadelphia Brewery: C
B Rode Co: Chicago Brewery: J S Prell: Hack
meyer Hotel: E L Bancroft; Roth A Co; C Jacob
son; C I'arcolls: Julius Yrbe; Labor Exchange; .1
B Bacon; H Clifton; J M Moore: S M Bollinan: S
Gusmani; Pac Coast Fish Co; C W Harrison.
Per Noyo— Standard OH Co; Milani A Co; Union
Lumber Co; Indiana B Co; J AStewnrt&Co; Ad
ler Arable.
Per Crescent City— Norton, Teller & Co: E How
lanrl: Thomas Loughran; Bissinger Co: Ladd
Gun Co; Enterprise Brewery ; Hobbs, Wall & Co;
Mail, Sadler Co; F Mechell; W ohlson: C W
Babcock; H CBury; Rosenblatt Co; Lilienthal
& Co.
ocsAir steamships: ,
PACHMCOAST STEAMSHIP COMPMI"
CUT RATES
—TO
VICTORIA, B. and
PUGET SOUND.
Fix*st Class &8.00
Socoud Class .J&OO
| Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 lev Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agent*.
O. JE=L. cs3 3XT.
ASTORIA AIfPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For regervations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 9
Siato of California sails January 14
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. COX OR, General Aeent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAMY
STEAMERB WILL KAIL FROM Vtejl-
Broadway wharf, h-nii Francisco, as JSmSX
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlnar. Wranjtel. ' Jnneau, Kll-
lianoo and Sltka (Alaska), at a a. m., Jan. 15, 30,
l>h. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
lend, Seattle, Tacoma. Kverott, Anacortes and New
Wnaiooin (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. 6, 10, 15, '20, '2b, 90, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. I. B, R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
Xt Seattle with G. N. Ky., ai Port Towuscnd with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. M., Jan. '2. 6. 10, 14,
18. '21, 26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For santn Cms, Monlerey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
! Port Hmrford (San Luis Obigpo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hu«nenir, San Pedro. East San !
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Jan.
4,8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day :
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforti
(Ban Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
A. M., Jan. 2, 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enspnada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treet. .-^j.- .
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen'l Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OI'EAJIC STEAMSHIP COMPAIY.
Cool cardie cold fields
jaS^TTo (Freemamle). Austra-
/^'Hftn,®^.;,' lla: * a2O flrst class >
J&r<y —QV Nni iiltj' 110 steerage. Lowest
Jtnfjjl/t^^^^ih^ rales '" Capetown,
88/ I, Jr\p \S« Steamship Australia,
KtWl JLAjf o\ Xmk Honolulu only, Tues-
kS§( \J^ajji^i^B day " JanilHr y aj > at 10
™\ M^Si J£j> W Australian steamer,
i^^^^^^^^Sr Honolulu and Auck-
Srr.ciAL Pasties. — Reduced special rates for
parties Feb. 6 and 16, 18!H«.
Ticket cilice, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS <fc BROS., General Agents.
COMPAGiVIEGEIERAIE
French l.im- to Havre.
COMPANY'S I'IKR (NKW),42 NORTH jm>
\J River, foot of Mortonst. Travelers by ■Gicmnt
this line avoid both transit by English rallvMtyaiul
tne discomfort of crossing the channel In j. small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris
first-class $160; second class, $116.
LABRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
.'.'. .' January 11
L.A GASCUGNE, Capt. Baudelon
" ........January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Poirot "
Jannarv 25, .. ."
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf .;;. "'""
■ Febniarv 1.. ..-
KSf For further particulars api>ly to
■„ „ „ A. forget, Agpnt,
t p ri-f 'i% B^ wlfng Gr «en, New York.
avenue, Ian O Frin C f S cg°" AgeDt3 ' 5 Montgomery
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACRET COMPASY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >£«**_
fortnightly for the West Indies and 'G3S£St
Southampton, calling en route at Cftrbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading. in connection with th«
Pacific Mall s. S. Co., iHsiied for freight »nd treas-
ore to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from Sau Francisco to Plymouth,
Cberbourjr, Southampton. First class, $195; thir4
•Urn, $97 6a For further particulars apply to
•VARUOTT * CO., Agents,
306 California at.
STOCKIW STEiums , ~
Leave Pier No. 3, - Washingrton St-
At 5 P. M, liuii>, Kxcept Sunday.
US- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
■ STI-I3fi:i{ : .' . , ■••;;/•.
T. C. Walker. ; r J. D. Petero,
Mary Garratt, - City of Stockton,
Telephone Main 305. Cau Nay. and Impt. Co. i
VALLEJO MARE ISLAND.
STR. . MONTICELLO,
D*!ly, except Sunday— 10 a. it, 4, r. «
Sunday— p. m.
i . . Z.«ndiax. JlUilon I. n« a*.
NEW TO-DAY-AUCTION SALES.
CAST J§b.
YOUR Mp
ON THIS i^ilillflk
I: AND REMEMBER BIIK
THAT ON \S/gp
THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896,
CALL AT OUR OFFICE AND YOU WILL SEE
THE BIGGEST
AUCTION = SALE
OP CHOICE
REAL ESTATE
IT HAS EVER BEEN YOUR GOOD FORTUNE TO WITNESS.
WE ARE GOINO TO SELL BY ORDER OF THE
PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT COMPANY
IN SUBDIVISIONS:
280 feet Market-street frontage, near Twelfth.
150 feet Valencia-street frontage, near Hermann.
250 feet Mission-street frontage, near Twelfth.
150 feet Twelfth-street frontage, near Market.
1 000 feet on adjacent streets.
LOT 140x295 SW. CORNER FIFTEENTH AND VALENCIA,
In large and small subdivisions.
i
All of the above property is producing a ground rental. No long leases. Rents low. Can
be increased.
'* Lot 48x90, NW. corner Seventeenth and Castro sts.,
And five lots, each 27:6x85, N. side Waller, E. of Stanyan.
ERiVIS 25 PER CENT CASH,
* *-* I V T **-' BALANCE 1. 2 AND 3 YEARS.
BALDWIN & HAfiriOND,
AUCTIONEERS - 10 MONTGOHERY STREET.
RAILROAD TRAVEL,'
LOW RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
OH. I I I lli^A.3Xr3D. OR.
TUESDAY ..JANUARY 14,
An<l Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8:00 p. m.
|Jl^ r| «— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
O/• JJ U > '■>■■ J i'T.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth in ©"] w.OO
Pullman Standard .Sleeper, <3J> 1(J .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
W Through Tickets for I'uget Sound
Points on Siil» at *soduo*wl Rates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotal
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T, H. OOODMAIf,
Gen. Trallic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
SOUTHKBIf PACIFIC COMI».aJSr*\
(PACIFIC HVSTEM.)
Timlm* leave anil are due to arrive al
MAM >'UANCISCO.
l«a ve_ — Fr.OM NOVBMBEK 20, 1895. — a r. r. i !
6:30 a Hayward3, Niles and Way Stations.. 10:1
7:OOa Atlantic Exprcfs, Og'lcn aitd Kast.. 8:45p
7:OOa Benicii, Vacatille. Kurr.3ey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via DaTia.... 7:1 3p
7:36 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
tugaand SJanta I£d : -» 6:lSp
8:80 a Nili-K, San Josu, .Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, lleil Bluff
and excepted Ororille.... 4:IKp
•8:3Oa Peters and Milton *7:13p
«:OOa San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'ns 11:43 a
9:UOa Los Atigclca express, Raymond,
(for Vcscmitc), Santa ltarbara
and Los Ascelos 4:45»
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:45 a
I0:oOa San LraDdro, IlaywcjdsandNiles . 1:45p
1 12:00 m San Lcaudro.Hayw3rd3* Way St'ns 2:45p
l:OOp Niles, San Joso LiTcimorc M:lft*.
*I:00p S2cr:iment<> Eiver Steamers »n:<>Op
tltSOp Port Costa and Way Stations t7:lsp
3:00p SanLeandro, Haywards Way St'ns 5:45p
4:OOp I.eardro. Hajwardsi WaySt"cs C:4sp
4:00p Martiuoz, San Hanion. Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoca, Xl Vcrauo and V/» ■'.•'■
Sauta Ilosa Vila a
4i9** Eenloii, R-.parto, Woodland,
' Kuights Landing, Marysville,
Orovillo aud Sacramento 1 0:13
4tB*p Nilcs, San Jose, LiTermore and
Stnekton 7:l»p
■ s:o*p S*n Londro, Haywards* Way Sfus 8:43p
I 8:3 Op New Orleans ICxiueca.Fresiio.Bakers-
licld, Santa Barbara,ljioa Augclea,
Demiiiß, El Paso, ETaw Oilcans snd
Ea5t........... - 1«:45a
3i3or Santa Fo Uoute, Atlantic Kxpress
I for Mojave nncl East 1 0:43 a
•:o<ti> Boropean Mail, Dg.len j\nd l-'ast.... ■ 9:13 a
6:Uopllnyv.:u'dn, Nilrnaml San.los". 7:43 a
I J7:o»p Valltj,. t7:43p
7:00p OreßOii Sacramento, Marys-
Tillc. Uoildiiig, Portland, Pnget
Sound ftud l'.Rst 1O:4R
7:00p San Leandro, HaywardsA; Way Sfna 1 0:3 Op
»:OOp SanLeandro.llnywardJ&Way St rs 12:00 a
"Sunset Lusited," Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orle&ua
and East jlir:l"i»
tfllilßr San Leandro. Way Bt'm 7:15 a
SANTA <:unz DIVISION (yarroiT_gang»).
V>|t>A Centeivill«,Sau. lose b'elton, •
Rouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz siut Way
Stations sts«i
•a:lsp Newark, Cenlcrvillc, Ran .lose. New -
Almaden, Fclton, Kouldcr Crick
SanU Cruz and Principal Way
Statinnn *l 1:20 a
Ctlßp Newark, .San .loßa and Los Catos'.'.'.'. 9:30 a
t11:43p HunterB 1 Emersion. San Jose nn«»
wVy Htatlons... .' J7:2Op
fOAVI' IHVISiON (Tlii,,| A; Toirnsi'tnl Sts.) •
6:45 a sau Joso a.,. i w Buttons (New
Almaden Wednesdays oulj) l:4Bp
StlSASan Joru, Trcs Pii«ts, s, ; ,v(; ,
l'acilio (ii,,ve. Paso IloMer. Hau .
Luis Ol.igjKi, Guadalupeaii.lPrln-
c cil>:l1 Way HtnUoita 7:03r
1O:4Oa San .lose iiml W»y Ktations 5:«0p
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations...."...- 3:»Ol
•2:30r Haii Joso, Gilroy, Tres Piuos, Santa
Salinas.Montercy and I'ncilic
Urnre ..:..; «IO:IOa
•SlSOp SanJogoandl'r'incinal WayStalions 0:47 a
■ •l:3Oi-,San bihl W:iv Stations •«:00a
SiSOr San.M»Boan.lWay Stations »N:;.Sa
C::j<)r- San Jose ami Way Sratinns «i::!.V\
, WltOpSaii.ioiwßiul •\Viiy Stations. ■■....■■ <7:4."»j
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i FramSiH FRINCISCO— Foot of Hirket Str«et(Slip 8)—
•7:li : . . 9:CO 11:00 a.m. tl:QO »2:00 t3:OC
**:00 }S:00 *6:COf.M. .
From OAKIINI>— Foot of Broad w»j.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 112:00 •1:00 t2:00 *3:CO tl:00
'5:03l I.M.l .M. ■ " ' ' ' '
A for Morning. ■. i P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. ■-- i -i > t Saturdays only.
' S Sundays only.
t \ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nighta only.
TTuesdays aud Saturdays , * Sundays and Thursday*
■-•■'-?:'' '':■-"<■. - : ~ ■ "■" " •
! RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRMCISCO&NORTBPI.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry-F«ot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, ~9T20, 11:00 a.m.- 12-ga,
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. v. Thnrsdays-Extra tri»
Jnd 1 i : i 3 °3o-p SatUrd Ellra trips *t 1:5
| 6D^m 3 P 0 M. 9:30> 11:0 ° AU '' 1:3 B:3 *
o .w, b *.«li p. a£.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
■ WEEK DAYS-6:28, 7:55, 9:30, 11 10 a v.
ifi^P 4^^^^^^^-^"^
> 61 6K^. 9;10 ' 11:l6 A - u ' 1M> > 3: **
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park aamm
schedule as above.
Ban Francisco. oct'"^' San Francisco.
IKgiaa *°~ [W
7:40 AM ; 8:00 am| Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 aic
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10-30 AM
6:10 pm 5:00 pm : Santa Rosa. 7:30 rv S:l5 Pit
~ Fulton, ' "*
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsbur?,
Geyservllle,
| 8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
'■ j j Pieta, ~~~—
| 7:40 am | Hoplaud <fe
; ]8:00am| Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 am " 10:30 am
! 8:00 am GuernevlMe. 7:30 -m
j B^So_pmJ | 6:16 pm
! 7:40 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:60 AM
; 6:10 pm 6:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:16 pm
| i I Glen Ellen.
! 7:40 am AMI R . . tono , 110:40 am 1 10:30 am
| 3:3opm|6:oopm[ »ebastopol. I 6:05 [ 0:16rl
! Stages connect at San Rafael for Bollnas. ' *
I Stafces connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
1 Stages connect at Pleta ror Highland Spring*
Kelseyvllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Bin*
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Oree»
wood, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Job*
Day's, Lively's, GraveUy Valley, Harris, scotlii
and Euretca.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rednoet
ntes.
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all pclnta ba»
jrond San Rafael at half rates.
! Ticket Oflicps. H5O Market St., Cbronicl* building
U. a WHITING, R. X. BY ,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ageafc
S Atlantic
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrlvt
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 P. m., carry.,ae Pullmaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepets to Chicae*
via Kansas City without change. Aunox car* f»
; Denver and St. Louis. M
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Ve«tlbule Train Dally, with Dlnin«-cara.
nnder Harvey s management. Connecting train*
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p m dally
! The best railway from California to the East!
; New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenerri
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnlac*
i Oars. **
Ticket Offloe-644 Market Street,
_^Chronlole Building.
MLTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
" (Via Saunalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1883.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and sau Kafael— 7:3o, 915. llfM
A. M.: 1:45, 3:45 5:15, 6:HO P m.
San Quentin— 7 9:15 a. m.: 1:46, 5:16 P. M.
£xtra trips fox- s»n Kaf.iel on Mondays, Wedn«t>
daysaiid Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. .
For Mill Valley, Kan Ratae] and San Quentin—
10:00, 11:30 a.m.. 1:30. 3:00, 30. •cl c ii
p. M. *Does not run to San QueuliD.
THKOUUH TRAINS.
T:3O a. M. weekdays— Cazadero aud way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sauinlays--Tomales and way station*
C.CU a. m. a»y«- Foint Btyw ana itttitraInteresting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
KING PERATA'S VIRTUE
Looks After His Subjects Even
When They Are Behind
the Bars.
BENEFICENCE OF POLITICS.
Some of the Disgraceful Conditions
Now Existing at the City
Hall.
Oakland Officf Sah Francisco Call,)
:. roadway. Jan. lL\ [
lUrchi Ferata. the king of the fish eang
in West Oakland and a leader in politics
at section, has one redeeming feature.
He does not forget his friends, even when
they are removed f-om their field of action
by the law and placed behind prison bars.
There ure now more of the infamous gang
being boarded by the county than at any
previous time. Juries have not been so
cental in the police court of late as
they used to be, and as a result the police
have received some encouragement to
break up the organization. But although
lost to sight the king cherishes their mem
« ry and sees that their wants are not
neglected. He makes periodical vi3its to
the City Prison and County Jail and sees
that they are supplied with all that the
rules will permit them to have.
As Barchi has never been Known to have
a regular trade and has frequently been
threatened with arrest for vasranry it is a
surprise to the officials that his exchequer
never seems to bo afflicted with a deficit.
Two weeks atro Barchi was found guilty of
battery by a jury and took an appeal.
Such a proceeding requires a substantial
bond, but bonds are always on hand when
the king or his friends get into trouble,
and Barchi is yet in a position where he
can be of use to his friends. The king evi
dently finds a charm of potent influence in
West Oakland politics.
Each week something develops that
proves the necessity of a city hall com- |
men=urate with the size of the city. A few
weeks ago a man was taken there from the
Receiving Hospital with a cracked skull,
and he died ten minutes after he was
found to be seriously ill. Before that a
twelve-year-old boy pushed away the de
cayed top of his cell and walked out into
freedom. Last night a man applied for a
night's lodging, and this morning he was
almost at the point of death. It was dan
gerous to remove The old man, but the
comfortless patrol wagon had to convey
the sufferer to the Receiving Hospital, as
there is no hospital ward in the prison.
Last week the Mayor and some other offi
cials made an inspection of the city prison,
and it was so noisome that they were glad
to get out without catching a fever.
Periodically the prison officials are taken
sick and have to lie off for a few
weeks to tight pneumonia and malaria.
Not long since it was discovered ,
that a sewer had broken and the leakage i
of months had formed a large cesspool be»
Death the floor. These and many other
lamentable features disgrace the prison.
All the municipal departments upstairs
are no better. The Treasurer has to keep
his money in a bank vault; the room
where the important meetings of the Board
of Works are held will not hold a dozen
chairs; the Cky Engineer was driven out
ot the hall two >ears ago and is located in
a business block on Broadwaf ; the Health
Officp is in a little shanty at" the back of
the City Hall, and under r.o circumstances
could a dozen people attend their meet
ings; the Free Library building, which
contains a valuabfe library, is such an old
rookery that no insurance could
be obtained upon it if it were
not for the fact that it joins
the Fire Department. Tne Auditor's of
iice is about the size of a candy-stand and
for a long while there has been work for
two police courts. For several weeks Judze
"Wood has been trying a case on one side
the bench while the prosecuting attorney
has been securing a jury on the other.
In 1573 the old hall causrht h're and was
only partially rebuilt, as it was considered
then to be inadequate to the needs of the
growing municipality. Eighteen years
have passed by and no improvement has
been made. The old barn is as unstable
as the politics that are manipulated be
neath old Dr. Merritt's clock. If it should
ever tak« fire again nothing could save it,
and the unhappy wretches who are in the
cells in the basement prison would stand
a good chance of being roasted alive.
Although the ordinance forbidding the
holding of public meetings on the streets
has been repealed for over a month no ad
vantage has been taken of the restored
freedom. Before its passage the streets
were impassable on certain corners every
ni^ht. but after a few arrests all the
ranters gathered in the city park and re
mained there. They spoiled the park, it is
true, before the ordinance was repealed,
but the habit of eoing to the bandstand
and discussing the calamities of the day
has become so chronic with the regular
habitues that they stili go, although the
bie electric-iient has been cut off. They
meet there yet. and although the glaring
t-treet corners are again available to them
they prefer to talK and orate in the dark
ness. The same crowd that was birterly
opposed to the "curbing of their right of
free speech" now refuse to take advantage
of its restoration. Their position in the
matter is as inexplicable as their argu- !
ments. 8. W. B.
MCRDKKtR HILL TALKS.
He I. lames Himself for Most of the Do
meMtic Trouble.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Jan. 12.— Benjamin L.
Hill, who shot his wife last night, was as
rool to-day as when he gave himself up,
five minutes after the murdf-r. He says
that he lias never been in a position to
support his wife and child since they were
married, and that he seemed to bo pursued
by bad luck. The immediate cause of the
njr was made known. Hill's wife
had tu!d him that she would soon become
a mother to a child of which he was not
The detectives have made
discoveries regarding the victim's
doings while her husband was in Oregon,
ami they show that she was not the faith
ful wife ' Hill thought she was.
Hill Lived at Suisun.
SUI6UN, Cal., Jan. 12.— Quite a gloom
i at SuLsun to-day when the news
of the murder of Mrs. Acnes Hill was re-
Ben Hill, who slew his wife,
iraa well known here. He came to Suisun
', and by reason of being a good base
ball player a position was secured for mm
as bartender. In this capacity he con
ducted himself well, and so much confi
dence wu reposed in his integrity that a
triend backed him up and started him in a
respectable saloon known as the "World's
1 air." Hiil did an excellent business, and
could have made a fortune, but unfortu
n.uely he acquired expensive habits, find
spent t<>o freely for his own good. After
leaving the saloon business Hill remained
around town for some time, and failed to
lind employment. Leaving his wife nere
he wont to Montana and eecured a position
on the railway.
He returned last spring and obtained
work in Oakland, whither his wife also
weat. While here, it is reported, they lived
comfortably together. The relations of
tne unfortunate woman are frantic with
grief, and much sympathy is expressed for
Broke His Leg for a Squirrel.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 12.-i-'loyd Hor
land, a hunter, was in the North Berkeley
hills to-day bunting squirrels, when he fell
into a hole and broke his leg. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and his
injuries were attended to.
i'<i n mi Dead in Bed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 12.— Pauline
Schubert, an old lady who has resided in
Berkeley many years, was found dead in
her bed this morning. She was well last
night, and death was probably caused by
heart disease.
FAIR FOR HEBREW HOME
The Hebrew Benevolent Society Will
Give a Grand Benefit for the
Home and Asylum.
The annual meeting of the Hebrew Be
nevolent Society for the care of the aged
inlirm took place yesterday at the home
on Lombard street. Ths reports of the
different committees were read and gave
much satisfaction.
President Samuel Polack's report states
that notwithstanding the Legislature had
repealed the law granting aid to pub
lic charities for the aged inlirm and not
withstanding a lack of assistance from the
outside the society bus gained in finances
and is able to conduct the orphan asylum
and home on a satisfactorj' basis.
The report further states that more per
sons could be accommodated if the society
had a larger building and that the matter
| was still being deliberated by the mem
bers whether to build a new home or alter
' and enlarge the one already occupied.
The cost for tne past year of maintain
ing the home was $2417 26 or $201 44 per
month. The income was $3004 47, this
being from all sources. The net gain for
i the year was $1542 20 or $21 88 more than
last year, and there was a bank account to
the credit of the society $1420 32 larger.
The mortgage of $42'>O comes due next
November, and tne president suggested
that the board be empowered to take any
legal steps which may be necessary at that
time.
The directors elected are: S. Polack,
president; Mrs. M. Kaskell, secretary;
i .Thomas Cohen, treasurer; Philip Fahian,
j 11. Lewis, tt\ Wise, I. D. Martin and Miss
i A. Levy. The new board of managers are:
Mesdames Mamlock, Plato, King, Lich
tenstein. Davis, C. Levy. M. Correnson, H.
I Berliner, 'Spiegelman and T. Nathan.
A committee of live was appointed to
revise the society's constitution.
The matter was taken up of making ar
rangements for holding a fair for the ben
etit of the society, which will take place in
about two months.
The members of the fair committee ap
pointed are the board of lady manacers,
under the chairmanship of Sirs. H. Ber
liner, assisted by the following gentlemen:
11. Davis, A. If. Plate, N. T. L.yon and
I'avis Harris. The chairman of the gen
tlemen's committee is Mrs. Lichtenstein.
ALAMEDA REPUBLICANS
They Have Decided to Affiliate
With the State Execu
tive Council.
An Alameda Man's Patent of Which
Great Things Are Expected.
Installation Party.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 12.— At the meet
ing of the Alameda RepubJican Club Satur
day night the decision was finally mada to
send representatives to the State Executive
Council, a matter that v.as held in abey
ance for two months. When the matter
iirst came up it was opposed by some of
the members because nothing was known
about the Executive Council, ami while
the matter was put over the secretary was
instructed to write to the chairman of the
State Central Committee for information.
The reply to the letter of inquiry fully in
dorsed the State council, and so the Ala
meda club decided at once to send dele
gates to it. The gentlemen selected as
representatives were Alex Mackie, H. A.
Thompson and J. L. Fields. After the
disposal of this business Judge R. B.
Carpenter addressed the club on Republi
can issues and prospects and was warmly
applauded. Eleven new members were
elected. An amendment to the by-laws
was adopted. The clause requiring the
names of applicants for membership to l)e
referred to the executive committee was
stricken out. The membership is now
about 300.
Installation Party.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 12.— An installa
tion party was eiven Saturday night at
Odd Fellows' Hall, when the newly
elected officers of Fair Oaks Rebekah
Lodge were formally placed in their re
spective positions. After the ceremonies
of installation were over there was a mus
ical ana literary programme. An over
ture by Professor FrancK was followed by
some remarks by L. W. S. Downs, and that
by a song by Miss Belle McCurrie. A reci
tation, "By Special Request," was ren
dered by Miss Taylor, and that was fol
lowed by a zither solo by Miss Rush. .Mr.
Green and Professor Franck. Miss Downs
recited "A Rebekah Up to Date" and Mrs.
Chanler sang "A Milkmaid's Marriai?e. : '
tfisa Eileen McCurrie sang "Won't You
Come Out to Play?" and the programme
was highly successful in all respects. The
committee in charge was Mrs. C. A. Heuer,
I Miss Kate Applegate and C. H. McCurrie!
I The following officers were installed : Mrs.
; E. Metzger, cast noble grand; Mrs. E. F.
j Wever, noble grand; Mrs. L. Bigler, vice
grand; Miss Kathleen Applegate, record
ing secretary; Jennie M. Shannon, finan
cial secretary; Ellen Frost, treasurer; Mrs.
A. B. Fisher, warden; Mrs. M. G. Stidham,
conductor; Mrs. D. Levy, inside guard;
John Larkin, outside guard; Mrs. M. A.
Randlett, Mrs. N. J. Daniel, supporters
noble grand; Miss E. E. Maasberg, Mrs.
K. Renner. supporters vice-grand; chap
lain, Mrs. C. A. Heuer.
l!ev. 31r. l'erkins Goes East.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. I'-'.— Rev. A. T.
Perkins departed last night for Chicago,
having lately come irom there to attend
the annual meeting of the International
Transit Line, which owns the Perkins
process for preserving fresh fruit and per
ishable articles of food by the steriiized
air process. The following" directors were
elected: A. T. Hatch, W. P. Jones, V. D
Moody, A. T. Perkins and J. B. Tanktree.
A corporation has been formed with A. T.
Hatch, the orchardist, president, and
with $1,000,000 capital. Rev. Mr. Perkins
leaves his family in Alameda for the pres
ent, but will make his headquarters :it
Chicago. The Perkins process is expected
to revolutionize methods of fruit-shipping.
Good Government Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. IL— The Good
Government Club at its session last even
ing decided to call a special meeting for
next Saturday evening, at which the ques
tion of bonding Berkeley for $200,000, to be
used in the construction of new school
houses and a wharf, will be olliciaily dig.
cussed.
Openiujf of the Spring Term.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 12.— Regular
sessions of the spring term In the colleges
of the University of California at Berkeley
will commence to-morrow morning.
Catholic Knights of America.
San Francisco Branch No. 197, Catholic KMfhtl
of America, installed tho following officers last
Tuesday evening: Spiritual director, lu-v. Father
Maximilian. O. K. F. ; H. Berhans, P.; W. J. Borr
niann. V". P.; August Sonneberg, It. s.; F. B.
i^ehoenstein, F. *.; B. Linnweber, T. : P. Kelsel,
sersPßiit-at-arms ; it. Baumeister, sentinel; a.
Kcliolle. trustee three years: A. Speigi'l. two years;
A. t,emare, one year; f . J. Brophy, visiting officer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1896.
ARE SOCIAL CLUBS EVIL ?
Two Notable Alameda Sermons
on the Subject of So-Called
"Man-Traps."
CHKISTIAN AND METHODIST.
Revs. Bovard and Morgan Take Oppo
site Views on a Topic of Much
Public Interest.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 13. —El Nido
Club attended the services of the First
Christian Church in a body last night to
listen to a sermon by Minister Morgan on
clubs and churches.
In his preliminary remarks Mr. Morgan
said that while during the past week much
had been said concerning tne moral condi
tion of Alameda, he seriously doubted if
what had been said would materially alter
existing conditions. He then continued:
My private opinion is this: After three
months' personal experience and observation
I would say candidly, if asked, there is no
better place in which to rear a family than
Alameda.
There are opportunities here afforded to be
either wise or foolish, moral or immoral, carnal
or spiritual.
My experience in life so far has been that
the worst place imaginable in which to rear a
boy is in a community where there are no
"man-traps" or pitfalls, and where churches
control the polities of the town.
To illustrate what 1 mean 1 will cite an in
stance I have observed in this Plate. There is
a town in this State where no liquor is allowed
to be sold and where card-playing and theaters
are prohibited by law. What is the moral
status of the young men of that town? Are
they better than ihe young men of Alameda?
Are they all church-goers? By no means.
During the yrar that is past the church that
from the beginning has looked after the moral
and prudential welfare of the community has
been shaken to its very center by a fearful
Bcandal involving many church members.
Time and again have I heard mothersjsay, "Oh,
that I could get my boys away from this fear
ful place?"
Withal it would seem if a young man is a
Christian and has principle he is as safe in
Alameda as he would be on the farm; aye, and
safer, too, if the churches were all Christ in
tended his churches to be.
It seems to me that one great trouble with
the church to-day is we have too many small
editions of Dr. l'arkhurst. Scarcely a hamlet
but can boast a "PRrkhurst." Social reformers
are tho?e who open their mouths rather than
their Bibles, and cry aloud regardless of sense
or reason. It arrested for slander they hide be
hind some technicality and thus escape being
punished. Such men aie sure to bring con
tempt on the ministry.
If more is an institution on the face of the
earth to-day that needs reformation, or rather
a restoration, it is the church. There is room
for hundreds, yea thousands, of such reform
ers as Luther, Calvin, Wesley, Campbell and
Herron in our pulpits. Oh," for men to-day
who will cry aloud and spare not the follies
and sins of the church! The church to-dny is
but a shadow of what it was in the days of 'the
aj'O>tles.
The church is looked on by the world ns the
representative of Christ. But how does it
represent him? Does it feed the hungry, heal
the sick, care for the oppressed and pre»cn the
glad tidings to the poor? Do the ministers go
about doing good? These were the proofs
Jesus gave of his divinity. If we can give the
same proofs to the world to-dey Jet us shout
for joy, and I believe the club men will shout
with us. If we cannot do these things let us
not pose as critics even of saloon-keepers until,
in the language of Christ, we have cast out
the beam from our own eye.
Let us face this matter fairly, brethren.
Wnat are the churches doing to provide places
of rest and entertainment for the young men
of our town? Where can a young "man go to
spend a social evening? What lire we uoing
for the Btranger within our gate, and shnil we
who are doing so little criticize the Clubs?
Verily, the children of the club are wiser in
thc-ir gen. ration than the children of light.
We should cast our eyes inward before cast
ing them outward. We are cursed with a
curse. The young men are notin the church,
nor do the common people hear us gladly. We
must return to Jerusalem end sit at the feet of
the Christian if we are to be iishcrs of men.
The churches must throw awsy their conflic- j
tion, creeds and most of their orthodox thi ol
ogy before they will be ablo to do much more
than frighten the fishes away and curse them
for not biting at their artificial flies.
If the Master were in Alameda the common
people would hear him gladly. The publican
and sinner would feel they had a friend, and
the members of El Xido, while they might not
become his disciples, would have a profound
respect for the gentle peasant who went around
doing good. The religion* bigot and the hypo
crite would hate him as of old, nail the holy
hands and feet to the cross and put to silence
the eloquent tongue that told them so plainly
that instead of being children of God they be
longed to their father, the devil.
Park-Street Methodist Church.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 13.— At the Park
street Methodist Church last evening the
subject of Rev. F. D. Bovaru's sermon was
"Charity" ; but there was a prelude, whose
subject was "Man-traps Explained." Tins
was understood to be an elaboration of a
prelude by the same gentleman last Mon
day night on "Man-traps," which caused
considerable stir. The charges and state
ments were sensational in tho extreme.
The announcement of a second prelude
last night on the same subject drew an
enlarged and interested audience. The
prelude was as follows:
The trap is the most cunning of all the de
vices of man. Every irap is constructed on
three invariable principles.
First— Secrecy. It must hide all its dangerous
qualities ; in fact, the better the trap the less it
appoars to be a trap. It must seem to be not
only harmless but helpful. Tho cunning of a
trap is in the perfect seclusion of its real de
sign. "Walk into my parlor Eaid the spider to
the Hy; it's the prettiest little parlor that over
you did spy," represents the genius of the trap
principle.
The second. principle is the alluring power of
the trap. The real design of the trap mutl not
only be hidden, bat the external conditions
must be attractive to the victims. The natural
instincts of the victim are considered. It is
sometimes constructed to appear as a shelter;
it may appeal to hunger, it in all cases seeks to
gratify somewhat the. victim. The more per
fectly it appeals to the particular natural in
stincts and desires of the animal the more per
fect the trap.
The third principle of a trap is power to see,
seize and hold its \ictim. The intelligence of
the victim must be overreached and his
strength must be overcome, and he must find
himself in the trap before he knows there is
any trap. ■
The principles reduced mean this: The de
sign of the trap, the bait of the trap and the
triggers of the trap. Given these principles,
construct a man-trap. Having decided what
kind of men we want to trap, we will select the
location and the general conditions. If we
want to catch tho poor iellow who is already
in the ruins of his character, these old victims
that have the web of habit already about their
feet, we will open a saloon. The minister and
temperance people will assail the trappers, but
the very name of a saloon will keep them
away. This is a bad man-trap, we all know.
It is really more of a mill than a trap. It
grinds up the bones and pulverizes the old
fragments of manhood after society has cast
them out. - . : -^.-
We must not mistake a mill for a trap. The
principles are essentially different. Society is
ihe real trapping ground. Society must be "de
ceived. The name of the trap must be some
thing that society will receive as tolerable.
The rules of the trap must be such that society
will accept. Now observe both the name and
the rules are intended to deceive society. The
transactions are under lock and key. The one
side of the code which is turned toward so
ciety reads, "No gambling," but behind the
lock and key it means little else but petty gam
bling, playing for cigars, drinks and tickets en
titling the winners to liquor, and it often
means the last cent the poor victim possesses.
It i.s not only gambling but fastens a ialaehooil
on society by changing the truth into a lie,
which is the very grandmother of all lies, tho
priina materia of all deception. This is not
only taught within the walls of the trap but
on the Ktreets and in the newspapers that pre
tend to defend these traps. When any at
tempt is made to expose these traps then the
rules are held up in the face oi society with
the moral side up. Thix not only strangles the
morals of the victim by teaching and implant
ing a falsehood in his moral tissue, but at
tempts to put out the light of his sun at mid
day. These rules against gambling are merely
to hide the design of their traps.
Now, what has been said of the rule about
gambling is true of drunkenness. The under
lying principle of this rule is that men can
drink and not get drunk, but both reason and
experience forbid society to accept that prin
ciple. There is a natural capacity in the hu
man system for alcohol. This is cioarlv steu
in the case of savages who crave it from the
first taste. If it be said that this natural ca
pacity forms a reasonable ground for the use of
alcohol, the answer is, man has a natural ca
pacity for sensuality anfi ail kinds of physical
Immoralities, but no intelligent man would
think of advocating their indulgence to any
extent except as he himself was a depraved
moral vagabond.
The absolutely certain mechanical effect of
alcoho.' is paralysis. It attacks the liner tissues
first, because they are more sensitive. The
moral nature is affected first. The young man,
bashful and timid, even awkward, is informed
by these trappers that a little stimulant will
help him over It. lie drinks and is am axed at
himself. His tongue is loose and his self-con
straint gone. What lias happened I.'1 .' Simply
this: He has lost the line self-introspection
which made him bashful and was indicative of
a fine moral nature.
He has suffered a stroke of moral paralysis,
and the animal in him has come forward one
step. All this taik which he thought so fine
made the cheeks of his sober friend burn with
slmme by listening to his garrulous nonsense.
This principle of drinking without getting
drunk is a deception. A rule against drunk
enness which allows continued drinking is the
very genius of the tra;>.
Mow, we have seen how cunningly the trap
per has hidden the trap behind a society name
and behind society rules, which, behind a loci:
and key, have an interpretation essentially
different from that given uuon the streets.
We will now explain how men are led into
these traps. His majesty, the great man-tiap
per, puts into the heart of some tcenial man,
himself in the trap, to select a" victim. A
young nmn, a cleric or young attorney or
young dentist or physician just coming into
the city, may be selected. He is invited by the
trapper to visit the trap. On the way the
moral (?) of the trap is explained, both inside
and outside. The victim is shown the elegant
surroundings and iinaily led to the bar, which
is blushingly explained as a legal sideboard
under the beneficent laws of the State.
if the young man refuses liquor lie is asked if
lie will have a lemonade. If he declines he 1s
asked if he will have a cigar. If he declines
again he is asted to play a game of whist or
billiards. If he declines all the trapper is
foiled for the time. Then a low grade of enter
tainment is provided. Invitations are sent
out. The man in the moon turns his face from
the sight. All this comes under the strict rules
of the trap. The three great rules of the man
trap are : Xo gambling, no drunkenness, no re
ligion. The first two are intended to deceive
society: the third is to be strictly observed in
the trap. There are pood reasons" for this last
wholesome rule. It keeps out the troublesome
questions of conscience that at times bother
the members of the trap. Men of the world
want to see things as they are. and conscience
is a thing that the man of one world cannot
have.
QUAKERS HOLD A REVIVAL
Rev. J. H. Douglas and Evange
list Mrs. Lida Romick Ad
vancing the Cause.
Preliminaries of the Carnot Debate.
University to Reopen— The Bond
Question to Be Discussed.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 12.— The re
vival meetings of the Quaker church
which are now in progress at Ashley Hall,
Souih Berkeley, are attracting more than
ordinary attention, it being the first series
of revivals ever held in Berkeley. From a
society of twenty-tv.-o organized several
months ago the church in Berkeley has
grown so rapidly that now they have a
membership ol over sixty.
Mrs. A. W. Nayior is the regular pastor
of the church, it being one of the doctrines
of the Quaker society that women have a
like franchise with the men in all matters
appertaining to the work of their de
nomination. The present evangelistic
services are being hold under the direction
of Key. J. 11. Douglas, State superinten
dent of the work of the Quaker church,
mill Mrs. Lida Romick. an evangelist from
Ohio.
A large audience attended the service
this morning to hear Mrs. Romink speak.
Her theme was "Christian Holiness,"
taken from Hebrews xii: 1-4.
She dwelt at some length on the afflic
tions which come to mankind in the daily
walks of life, and with what hardship
these are borne. "I have made up my
mind," >a;d she, "that affliction is good
for us, because it make? us to seek out
Christianity and the holiness that comes
with it.
"Some professing Christians seem to try
to get along with as little religion as pos
sible, and still maintain their claim" on
heaven. Some people seem to think that
they will be juSt as well off if they repent
at the eleventh hour as if they had taken
Christianity from their childhood. This
is a delusion.
"Poverty, however abject it may be, will
never close the doors of heaven against
the holy and righteous. It means some
thing to be a Christian in this world of sin
and ridicule and contumely. God knows
how to keep those of his children who
have sought out holiness from worldly at
tachments on the one hand and from
coldness and fanaticism on the other."
It is a peculiarity of the ministers of the
Quaker church not to announce the sub
jects of their addresses before the time for
delivery, but to wait until the spirit moves
them to speak. No manuscripts fire al
lowed in the pulpit. All addresses are ex
tempore. They claim that the foundation
of their church is perfcctlv orthodox.
The Quakers do not believe in war under
any circumstances, nor do they ever take
an oath. The basis of their church is
practically the same as that of the Meth
odist. The theory of foreordination is to
them nothing but folly. Children are born
into the church ; that is, they have a birth
right membership. Their covornment ia
purely democratic. The officers of the
church are ministers, elders and overseers.
The duties of elders correspond to those of
other churches, while it is the duty of the
overseers to look after the oeneral conduct
of the members. Should there be trouble
in the church it is hrst referred to the body
of the overseers. But few church ordi
nances are practiced by them.
Evangelists Douglas and Mrs. Romick
will continue their work at Berkeley dur
ing the coming week.
Clans at St. >larlt's Conflrmed.
BERKELEY, Cai.., Jan. 12.— Bishop
Nichols continued a class of eight at St.
Mark's Episcopal Church this evening.
This makes nineteen who have been con
firmed in the parish since the rectorship
of Rev. George E. Swan, which began three
months ago. Prior to the confirmation
ordinances were administered, and Bishop
Nichols delivered an address appropriate
to the Epiphany season. Special music
was rendered by the choir, which consisted
of an anthem by Mrs. Jame3 Lewis, en
titled "Angela Ever Bright and Fair,"
Handel; offertory, Violin solo, "Schubsrt's
Serenade." by J. S. Fife.
Rev. Mr. Swan is organizing a vested
choir of twenty boys and ten men, which
will make their appearance for the hrst
time on the second Sunday in February.
Thcj have been training twice weekly for
the past two months. This will be' the
first vested choir ever had in Berkeley.
Thechancelwill be much enlarged and a
new choirroom built for their accommo
dation.
Cnrnot Medal Preliminaries.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 12.— The pre
liminaries of the University of California
students for places on the Carnot medal
debating team will take place next
Wednesday evening in Stiles' Hall. Fif
teen contestants have thus far tiled their
names with Professor C. M. Gayley, who
has the affairs of the debate in hand. The
subject for the preliminary contest is,
"Whether the Present Total Separation of
the Legislative and Executive in France is
Conducive to the Stability of the Repub
lic."
Professor Gayley stated to-day that the
interest in debating manifested by the stu
dents this college year is vastly greater
than at any other time since ho has been
connected with the university. He be
lieves that the success of Berkeley in last
year's inter-coilegiate debate has had
niuch to do with augmenting the interest
in debating among the University of Cali
fornia students.
WEEKLY FRATERNAL NOTES
A New Mystic Shrine to Be
Organized at Los Angsles
in February.
INSTALLATIONS AND PRESENTS.
Junior Order United American Me
chanics to Celebrate Washing
ton's Birthday.
Official Assessment Table.
Kamk.
5;
CO
o
9
a
a
E —
t IT
. O. V . w...:
Workmen G. 1'"
hosen Friends.. ...
. &1.,. of H
'.. of Honor
mpr. L. of II
nights O. Eagle...
1-2:
1-2
254!
432 i
455-6-7 1
361 i
1 ir,.ic
'an.
i an.
lan.
lan.
lan.
ran.
1
1
1
1
l
1
I Jan.
Jan.
'Jan.
'. .Tan.
Jan.
M?.socry.
The members of Islam Temple, A. A. O. N. M.
S., will make a pilgrimage to Los Angeles dur
ing the first week of February for the purpose
of organizing a new shrine in that city. Many
of the wives of members will accompany the
pilgrims. »
On the evening of the 4th inst. the members
of tho local Masonic Board of Relief retired
from office, and after the transaction of busi
ness connected wilhi the retirement they in
vited the members of the board of '94 and
those of '96 to an elegant dinner 6erved in the
banquet-room in the temple.
The ladies' auxiliary of Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 1G will give an entertainment in
Golden Gate Hall on next Wednesday evening.
Order of the Eastern Star.
The proeeedfng of the latest session of the Grand
Chapter is iv the hands of the printer and will
soon be ready for distribution.
Grand Patron Merritt will visit Fallen Leaf
Chapter at Placerville to-night. He will shortly
make a tour of the sou: hern part of the State and
visit the chapters In Los Anaelea and San Benito.
Golden Gate Chapter at its last meeting received
live applications for membership.
Ivy Chapter initiated a number of candidates at
its last meeting.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Deputy a". J. Sutherland and staff installed the
officers of Unity Lodge on the evening of the 4th
Inst., atter which those present were invited to an
impromptu banquet. Addresses were made by
last Grand Masters Blmpaon a::d Barnes, Past
Grand Patriarch Crossstt, Past Grands Fillmore,
Dross, Thompson, Kdwards, Larrimore, Cooley
and Hammnn. Grand Treasurer Lemont, who is
also treasurer of Unity, having been re-elected,
was, by reason of continued illness, unable to be
present. He was installed at his home.
Deputy Antoinette Shaw is and has been busy
installing officers of the Kebekah Degree lodges.
Templar Rebeicah Degree Lodge has presented
elegant Jewel* to Mrs. Patterson and Miss New
man. Oriental Lodge presented jewels to Miss
Westhouse and Miss Belpel and bouquets to all the
officers on the occasion of the installation.
Orand Secretary O. T. Shaw and Grand Scribe
\v. H. Barnes are ut this time extremely busy re- j
ceivine reports, semi-annual and annual, from the i
various subordinate lodges, Kebekah Degree
Iodg«-s and pments, and also keeping ac
counts of the different assessments that are com
ing in. Those Include the mileage assessment of
15 cents, home assessment of 25 cents, Bpbekah
assessment of 10 cents and Grand Kncampment
asiessmentof 45 c»ni<s. In addition to the lodge
and encumpment reports they hh: receiving re
ports from 103 subordinate loclko denuties, 70
Rebekah lodge deputies and 47 encampment
deputies. In all they will handle over 1600
reports, which will occupy the greater portion of
their time until the latter part of February. Be
sides this they have the usual business of the ofiice
to attend to.
The largest attended meeting that Fountain
Lodge of Oakland liaa ever knowu was the- one
held last Monday iiight. when tbe newly elected
oflicers were Installed. Tho attendance was un
usually larre from the fact that .it was a district
meeting. Tho grand oflicers wore- present, as were
klso viaitOXS from vurio;is lodges. David Tlsih. '
I). D. G. M., was the installing ollicer and he per
form^ the work in an Interesting, able and im
pressive manner. On behalf of District No. 64
ivrajid Mes <*r Gosbey presented to Deputy Dis
trict Grand Master Tisch an elegant set of regalia
of the past grand's degree in appreciation of valu
able services rendered during the term. The re
cipient, who bus always been a faithful Official, re
sponded in a well-timed speech. , .-short addresses
wore made by Past Grand Sire Harmon. C. X.
Fox, i. G. M., (irand Secret* ry Shaw and others.
Ihe visitors were thpn entertained at a banquet
provided by Fountain Lodge.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Great Incohonee Andrew H. Paton, after a two
weeks' sojourn on Hie reservation of California,
journeyed to Virginia City on the 6th inst., *nd
whs accompanied to the border of the State by-
Great Sachem A. Jackson and C. F. Burgman,
great chief of records. He will visit the reservu
tion of the Hed Men of Wyoming, and from there
will trail to New Mexico and Arizona, and on his
return East will visit the tribes aud councils of
Colorado and other reservations.
; All the City tribes will join in a public installa
tion of chiefs at Odd Fellows' Hall next Saturday
evening. This will be by invitation, and there will
no doubt be a large attendance 'I his is a novel
idea ana for the first time undertaken by a frater
nal organization. Two hundred and thirty-eight
chiefs will be raised to their respective stations.
Past Sachem P. L. Iloff of Modoc Tribe is the
originator of ihe idea.
; The great incohonee attended a banquet in Stock
ton on New Year's eve, tendered him by Iroquois
Tribe and Kaw Wan Nita Council.
: Tho tribrs of Sacramento City and Wenonah I
Council or the Degree of Poeahontas received the
great incohonee in their handsomely decorated
wigwam on the occasion of his visit there. He was
accompanied by Great .Sachem Jackson and \Y. M.
Betis. P. G. *s. On the '_'d inst. the great chiefs
were joined by Great Chief of Kecords Burgman,
who accompanied them on an official visit to
Cosumnes Trit>e.
At Grass Valley the great incohonee was
met by morp than .HJjO members, It being a joint
reception by the tril>es and councils ot mat town
and .Nevada City. ltev. Josiah Himms of Wyom
ing Tribe and great senior sagamore of California J
presided. Tne great chief and visitors were well
entertained.
In the death of Joseph Pyle, great keeper of
wampum of the great council of the United States, <
which oecurml on tho stli inst., at his home in j
Wilmington. i>el., the order lost a true friend and i
devoted member. In 1847 he was adopted into j
Delaware 1 rit>e Xo. 1, from which he withdrew to
Decomu n. charter member of Keokuk Tribe No. 3,
and as vice sreat incohonee h- organized the great
council oi: Delaware. Ho was admitted to the j
great council of the United States in ]fcis2, and iv !
1861 was elected great keeper of wampum, to i
which position ho was re-elected at each succeed- 1
ing session without opposition. He was a past
grand master of the odd Fellows and past grand
patriarch, past grand archon of the Heptasophs,
! pest grand patriarch of the Sons of Temperance, a
church trustee and superintendent of Sunday
school for over a quarter of a century. He was an
honored citizen, r.nd dearly beloved by all who
met him in a business, social or fraternal way.
Junior Order United American Mechaniost
Becently State Councilor H. C. Schaertzer was j
asked by one of the councils if a junior past coun- ;
cilor who had not occupied tho chair for one term j
as such was eligible as a candidate for the oflice of j
representative to tiie State Council. The reply to j
the question was: "In the event of a vacancy oc- !
curring in the oflice of representative to the State j
Council, or where a vacancy exists, the junior past '
'councilor being a past councilor at the time of the
election to fill a such vacancy would be eligible for
sucn position."
Plaeerville Council is making rapid progress,
initiating from three to five members at ovory
meeting. It expeett to have 100 names on its roil !
by the Ist, of March.
Council No. 32 w«.s organized on the last day of i
1895 at East Los Angeles by C. N. Wilson, D. a. C., j
assisted by L. S. Butler, J. P. K. C. It starts out j
with a good charter roll. The otticers «re: F. tl
Willis, J. P. 0.: E. E. Johnson, C. ; W. W. Stock
well. V. C: C. O..Keys, K. S.: B. V. Arnold, A. It.
S.; 0. S. Bradford, F. >S.; D. Mnrtin, treasurer; K.
P. Ford, \V\; K. A. Meiggs, conductor; G.S. Stock
well, O. S.: F. P. Flint, M. L. Houser, j. w.
A rold, trustees.
Hancock Council of Los Angeles is getting along '
finely and is continually adding to its member- !
ship. -■.'■ ;
An effort Istjeing made to reorganize Compton
Council in the southern district. .
State Councilor 11. C. Schaertzer installed the
recently eiected ottlcers of General George A. Cus
ter Council at Oakland, and on that occasion pre
sented William N. Van De Mark, the > retiring
councilor, with a fine silver emblem, that of a rep
resentative to the State council. The officers in
stalled are W. Van De Mark, representative for
two years and J. P. C. ; C. W. Paulk, C. ; F. W
Peck, V. C. ; Dr. E. K. Fall, chaplain; C. S. Kon- !
igsbprg, I. S.; Dr. J. F. McCurry, representative
one year, j The event closed with a banquet.
The officers of Oakland Council will be Installed
this evening. ■■•'-.
V. B. Council will give an entertainment in
Shiels Hall on the 34th Inst.
General George A. Custer Council has appointed
a committee to act with a like committee from
General John A. I Logan Council to make arrange
ments to receive the delegates to the State Council
to be held in Oakland on tho Sd of next March.
Petitions are being circulated in this City to ob
, tain signatures to send to the .Representatives in
jW»S*!»»v. ' ■ ....
Concress asking them to support the Stone bill to
restrict and regulate immigration. Such p"titioiis
are being circulated in every State in the Union.
• Information has been recc vedin ti.is City of the
death of John C. (-hearing, past State councilor of
Colorado, from the effe/ts of Injuries received
wblle trying to aver; a collision between an electric
car and a railway train, the motorman having
fallen asleep at his post. He was a very popular
man.
Ancient Order United Workmen,
Industry Lodge of Pieasanton is considering the
subject of creating a contingent fnnd.for the pro
tection of members. Many of the lodges of this
State have such funds and they have proved of
great benefit.
Grand .Recorder JD. S. Hirshberg Is in Chicago in
attendance upon the session of the Supreme Lodge
relief board.
The next meeting of the Past Master Workmen
will be held in the hall of Valley Lodge on_\Vednes
tie next meeting of the Past Master have been
be held in the hall of Valley Lodge on Wednes
the 22<;. All pastmastor workmen have been
invited to attend,
A new pamphlet containing a great deal of inter
eating information about the order, telling whatit
has done in the past, what it is doins and what it
will do, has just been issued and is ready for distri
imtion at the office of the grand recorder in the
iiood building. It is something that every one
should 011 emplates joining a frau-rual organization
should read.
Magnolia Lodge will install its officers to-night,
wnen the grand officers will be present. There will
be a presentation to the retiring master workman.
Bernal Lodge will install officers to-night at
Valencia and Sixteenth streets. .\e.\t Monday
night this lodge win hold an open meeting. .
Ihe Pastmaster Workmen's Association has
alopted a resolution to the effect that upon the
death of a member the sum of $60 shall be paid to
the beneficiary of that member.
Degree of Honor.
Petitions are In circulation for the organization
of a lodge In the Mission district and another in
the City proper.
Dawn of Hope Lodge will Install its officers on
Saturday, the 25th inst. Mrs. Eva Crozan, D. D.
G. C. H., will , be tne installing officer. On Mon
day, the 27th. Minerva Lodge will install its of
ficers. Mrs. M. Pinkham wiil be the installing
officer.
Upon the occasion of the installation of the of
ficers of Ivy Lolge recently the worlc was per
formed by Mrs. Kva Crozan, D. D. G. C. H., in a
manner that was a revelation to many of those
present. The entire ceremony was without a book
or note, and it was perfect to the letter. There are
but few who can master the work and give it as
did Mrs. Crozan. It is an achievement she can
feel proud of. The installation was iollowed by a
banquet.
Grand Army of the Eepnblic.
James A. Garfield Corps No. 21, W. R. C, G. A.
ft., installed the following-named officers in Social
Hall, Alqpzar building, last Tuesday evening: Ad
die Xj. Ballou, P.; Carrie tTimer, 8. V. P.; Rosie
Bergman. J. V. P.: Dora H. Dibblee, T.; Kate M.
Brown, chaplain; May* Sonders. conductor; Cath
erine Gilberts, guard. The installing officer was
Past President Kate M. Howard and Nellie Las
salle was the installing conductor. At the close of
the ceremony the following programme was car
ried out: Recitation, "Grand Army of the Repub
lic," Maraaret Jonea; violin solo, Jennie Paulsen;
fancy dnuee, Emma Hahn and Harry Strohline;
piano solo. Gertrude Spelling; address, Mrs. Allen
of Gould Corps, Massachusetts.
At the same time the officers of James A. Oar
fleld Post were Installed Past Post Commander
O'it: Recitation, "Grand Army of the Repub-
Mnrsaret Jones; violin solo, Jennie Paulsen;
v dance, Emma Huhn and IlHrry Strohline;
r>so:o. Gertrude Spelling; address, Mrs. Allen
oulii Corps, Massachusetts,
the same time the officers of James A. Gar-
Post were installed by Past Post Commander
f?ol Cahen. The officers of the post are: R. R.
Kilgor, .C; Benjamin Hayes, H. V. C; J. H. Hil
ton, J. V. C. : Louis Schultze, surgeon; N. A. Bor
den, chaplain; J. Karminsky, quartermaster; A.
Ennis, officer of the day John Shay, officer of the
guard.
The same night there was a joint installation of
the new officers of General George Meade Post and
Corps Senior Hast Commander A. K. Levitt in
stalled the following officers of the post: J. F.
Goggin, c.; Barton Wilmutn, S. V. C: Edward
Walsh, J. V. C; S. H. Hunt, Q. M.; S. W.
Knowles, surgeon; W. 5. Small, O. D.; Adolph
Shander, O. G.; Kdwara Chatman. adjutant.
Mrs. F. K. Bowley, past president. Installed the
following-named as officers of the corps: Bessie
Johnson, P.; Mary A. Sweet, S. V. P.- Sarah
Coehraue, J. V. P.; Helena Black, H. ; Hattie M.
Baldwin, T. Phylinda Andrews, chaplain; Jennie
«'. Goodwin, conductor; Clara il. Boell, G., and
Kate Wheeler, A. g.
After the installation Mrs. Bowley presented
Mr 3. Waddell, the retiring president, a gold badge,
suitably inscribed. Mrs. Waddell gave as a souve
nir to the post and corps a pavel, made from timber
of the Hartford and handsomely mounted with
silver.
Past Commander W. W. Moore was presented a
gold G. A. R. star. A short literary and musical
entertainment followed the ceremonies and the
meeting was brought to a close by the singing of
"America."
Tonng Men's Inetitnte,
Last Tuesday evening President Lynch, accom
panied by several grand officers, visited San Jose
Council and installed Its officers. The visitors
were entertained at a banquet got up in their honor.
Bomorean Council announces an entertainment
and social to be given on the 23d inst. at Mission j
Parlor Hall. I
Golden Gate Council will celebrate Its ninth an- '
niversary at Odd Fellows' Hall on the 18th of Feb
ruary.
The board of grand directors met on Saturday
for the transaction of regular business.
Golden State Council of Haynards will give an
entertainment on the evening of Valentine's day.
American Council of Oakland gave an entertain
ment and social on last Monday which proved a
mORt successful affair.
Columbia Council will in the near future give a
grand ball to its members and friends.
Santa Cruz Council has been presented a hand
some American flag, the gift of lady friends. The
presentation was by Senator Burke and the re
sponse and acceptance on behalf of the council by
i. rand President Lynch. An entertainment fol-
Iqwed, in which Frank McGlynn and James C.
O'Dounell took part. A dance and a collation
followed.
As a reminder of the historic Hartford, St. Vin
cent Council of Petaluma has secured a gavel
made from timber of Commodore Farragut's flag
ship.
Council No. 307 of San Mateo was organized on I
the evening of the 80th of last December by Dis- I
trict Deputy Grand President H. C. Hall, assisted
by John Maloney and I-. Priucevalle. W. h.
Brown was elected president and George W. Hall
secretary.
The Supreme Council assessment levied as of
date of January 1 Is now due.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
More than 300 visitors attended the public In
stallation of the officers of Court Todos Santos last j
Thursday night. High Sub-Chief Ranger M. j
Boehm presided at the installation and delivered I
the opening address. Mattie A. Bridge of Wash- j
ington Circle followed with an eloquent address on !
Forestry, which was well received by the a*. Jiencp j
Court Kstrella installed its officers on Thursday
night, Deputy J. Strettmeyer of Court Star of
California and J. Falconer, permanent secretary, '
assisting the w&rk. The report of the financial !
secretary shows that the funds of this court have
increased considerably during the past quarter, the
amount In the treasury beins; $20 per member. A
sumptuous repast followed the ceremonies.
Cour; Webster, to be known numerically as No i
8514, will be instituted to-morrow night at Pinole, '
with thirty-flve charter members, by C. W. Plitsch !
of Court San Pablo . as organizer. High Chief
Ranger Cashman will be present.
Court Occidental installed Its officers on Thurs
day night. This court is also rapidly Increasing its
iunds, despite its liberality. Among the visitors
were: J. Henderson, H. C. T. : J. Moscrop, P H s
C. R., and P. F. Mc.Vulty, P. H. C. R. ' • *
Court Star of the Mission installed Itsofflcers in i
the presence of a large number of people last
Wednesday nii;ut.
The officers of Court Twin Peaks will be installed
next Wednosday evening.
Court s;ar of California of Sausallto installed its
officers last Tuesday evening and after the cere- i
mony entertained a large number of visitors, many '
ot them being lrom this City.
Companions of the Forest, A. 0. F.
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs. Minnie Asher
installed the officers of Estrella CircleatSan Rafael
last Friday. A banquet followed the installation.
The officers of Oak Grove Circle were Installed
by Deputy Mrs. A. Boehm last Thursday.
The party given by Eohemian Circleonthe even
ng of the 4th inst. was a great success. The com
mittee having charge of the matter was composed
of Companions Mrs. A. Boehm, Mrs. E, Young
Mrs. C. sweeny, Mrs. K. X, llov, William Mahar
and R. N. Mcl.ennaD, and these ladies and gentle
men performed their duties well.
The installation of th" officers of Artemis Circle
last Wednesday night was a public one, and there
was a large attendance. Mrs. Minnie Asher S. C
C, and Mrs. Goodwin, D. C, wero the installinir
Officers.
Deputy Mrs. A. Boehm, assisted by Mrs. Phillips
installed the oSicers of Bohemian Council lasc
Tuesday.
Deputies E. Zachan and Mrs. A. Boehm installed
the officers of Germonia Circle last Wednesday.
The same night the supreme chief companion, Mrs.
Minnie Asher, assisted by Mrs. A. Boehn-, In
stalled the officers of Enterprise Circle.
German-A merican Council hart its officers in
stalled last Friday night by Deputies Mrs. Kinder
and Mrs. A. Boehm, the work being in the Ger
man language.
The officers of Ivnnhoe Circle will be Installed at
an open meeiine on Wednesday iD A. O. F. bjikl-
Ingby Deputy Mrs. V. McNortou.
Valley Circle of Stockton initiated five members
at its last meeting, and Miss Lillle Shea, 1). D. G.
C. C, installed the following officers: Mrs. Mary
Seibert, P. C. C; Miss Tillle Fitzgerald, C.C.; Mrs-
Fanny Shafer, B.C. C; Mrs. Abbie McNutt, T. ;
Mrs. M. Sellman. P. S.; Emma Fawcett. R. S.j
Annie Hansel, R. G.; Alice Jones, L. G.; Mrs!
Mary Costle, I. G. : Mrs. Mary Farrell, O. G.
After the ceremony those present retired to the
banquet-room, where they had a merry time till
midnight. ■
Independent Order B'ne B'rith.
Last Monday the oflicers of Columbia Lod?r>
were installed by the grand oflicers, the work
being done in tlie German language. At the con
clusion of the ceremonies there wns a social time.
Moiv.efiore, Union aiid Cremieux lodges met in
joint session last week, when the grand oDicers in
stalled the oflicers of each.
On Tuesday evening Occidental and Modfu
lodges imtnlled their officers.
Last Wednesday by special request Grand Presi
dent Jonas initiated • candidate for Oolden Gate
Lodge, after which the newly elected officers were
installed.
The same nlpht the new officers of Opnir Lon~e
were installed by the grand president la the most
impressive manner.
Reports from every part of the Pacific Coa'U
jurisdiction are full of encouragement -
I showing a marked increase in membership and In
I terest in the work of tbe order.
The indications are favorable for thfi election of
Jacob I^vison, to succeed himse.f as grand score
-1 tary. The re-flection of Mr. Levison wonla ii<- a
grateful recognition of the services ol a eenile
maniy, attentive, conscientious and efficient olii
: cial.
The executive committee of the order haa Issoed
a neat illustrated circular, in whie.i i* given a con
cise review of the objects of the order and tie
«ork that it has accomplished In the fltty-two
years of its existence.
The Chosen Friend 3.
Evans Council is making rapid process. At a
special meeting hel<l on the 30:h of last month it
Initiated three candidates, and at its meeting held
last Thursday initiated three more.
The initiatory team is to be newly officered, and
on next Wednesday It will give Its lir.v drill under
the new officers iv the hall of Phoenix Conncil in
Alcazar building.
America and Teuto-ia councls installed officers
lnst Tuesday. Gernianta Council installed its offi
cers iast Wednesday. . •
The ate committee baa appointed fotirortran
izers, who wilt organize new councils In various
j parts of the State.
Grand Kecord-r S. C. Walll s will visit the coun
cil at Chfco this evening, the one at Nord on Tues
day, and Corinthian Council' at Red Bluff on
Wednesday.
Native Daughters of the Goldon West.
The officers of Minerva Parlor were installed
last Monday by Mrs. J. A. Steiiibach, D. D. G. V.
The retiring president, Mrs. Annie O. Quinn, was
presented with a handsome emblem.
Worthy Grand President Miss Mariana Bartcla
visited Orinda Parlor last Thursday. At that
meeting the newly elected ofllcers were installea
by Mra. J. A. Stelnbach, D. I). G. P. The reports
of the officers show that the parlor is in a very
Drosperous condition. The members will give an
installation party In their hall on the 23d inst.
The retiring president, Anna McPhilllps.who,
during her term, proved a faithful and conscien
tious officer, was presented with a token of esteem,
a gold pen and holder.
The grand president visited Aita Parlor last Sat
urday night, od which occasion she assisted Mrs.
C. S. Baker, D. D. G. P., in installing new ofllcers.
A meeting was held in Oakland last Friday,
when steps were taken in the direction of organiz
ing a parlor in that city.
Yosemlte Parlor will hold a public installation In
its hall, corner of Twenty-third street and Potrero
avenue, Wednesday evening.
Amapola Parlor of Sutter Creek gave a leap-year
carnival ball on the evening of the first of the year,
which proved to be one of the greatest social events
that has ever been known in Amador County. The
l»rge hall was magnificently decorated with the
colors of the parlor, and at one end there was an
imitation of the setting sun casting Its rays on a
forest of pines and holly, the latter standing out in
bold relief with its pretty red berries. The hall
was attended by people from all vans of the
county, and a most enjoyable time was had. A
feature of the evening was an exhibition drill by
the daughters of the parlor. It won much applause
and an encore.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
National Parlor will give Us eighth anniversary
ball to-morrow evening in National Hall.
California Parior installed its officers last Thurs
day night in Shasta Hall, in the new building.
There was a large attendance, among the number
being Grand Vice-President Henry Gesford. Mer
ton Allen, D. D. G. P., was tbe installing officer.
El Dorado Parlor installed its officers in sierra
Hall on Thursday night, W. E. McCreery, D. D. i;.
I P., being the installing officer. The same night Dep
uty District Grand President J. B. Keenan in
stalled the officers of Stanford Parlor in Cabrilio
Hull.
I Golden Gate Parlor will publicly install its offi
cers to-night. An entertainment will follow the
j ceremony.
Knights of Pythias.
The Knights of Truckee have secured the setting
aside of Friday, January 17, as Pythian day by the
Ice Carnival management. Excursions will be
run from various points. It is expected that a largo
party will attend from San Francisco, Grand Keep
er of Records and Seals H. Schaffner being engaged
j in making arrangements as to rates and accommo
j dations. To attend this affair It will be necessary
j to leave San Francisco at 6o'clock p. m., Thursday,
I the 16th. Grand Vice-Chancellor C. F. McGlashan
! is president of the Ice Carnival.
The First Regiment of the Uniform Hank will
take* a benefit at the Columbia Theater on the four
nights of next week, beginning Tuesday, the 21st,
the performance being "The Ensign." On one night
all members of the rank will appear in full uniform.
Ivy Lodge installed officers in public on Tuesday
evening la3t, Deputy Grand Chancellor George it.
Morrison officiating. The installation services
were interspersed with musical and literary selec
tions. Dancing and a collation followed.
Laurel Lodge conferred the rank of page on four
! applicants on Monday last and has several appli
| cations awaiting action. This lodge increased its
membership by twenty-one new members during
the term just ended.
Bay City Lodge conferred the rank of page on
• two applicants Pt the la3t meeting. Seven applica
i tions *or membership were received.
Grand Chancellor Georgia Samuela officially vis
■. ited Sacramento Lodge on Monday evening last
and was greeted b3 a large attendance.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Last Monday evening the new officers of Aurora
Lodge were Installed by District Deputy Mrs.
Annie Thompson. During the evenin; Dr. A. s.
Cook, the treasurer of the lodge, was presented
| with an elegant umbrella appropriately inscribed.
Dr. Cook, one of the most valued members of the
lodge, has been Its treasurer for many years. Re
freshments wero served at the close cf the meeting.
District Deputy Mrs. L. K. Kennison installed
I the officers of Seal Rock Lodge and those of Pal
i metto Lodge, both of Alameda, on Tuesday and
Thursday respectively. On both occasions Mrs.
Kennison was accompanied by large delegation!
composed of grand-oSicers and members of lodges
| in this City. Delightful evenlnjrs were spent In
j speech-making, after which refreshments were
j served. One of the tileasant events on Tuesday
I night was the presentation to Mrs. C. 11. Wever, a
I past protector of Seal Rock Lodge, of a hundsome
badge.
The officers of Golden Gate Lodge were Installed
last Thursday evening by District Deputy -Mrs. 8,
Beverson. and those of Martha Lodge were In-
I stalled by District Deputy John Kau last Friday.
The grand officers will pay an official visit to
Berkeley l odge this evening.
Pacific Lodge will have a public installation of
officers, followed by an entertainment, to-morrow
eveninsr.
j Oakland Lodge will install Its officers to-morrow
: evening and Empire Lodge, will install its officers
on Friday. West .End Lodge will publicly install
I Its officer* on the evening of Tuesday, the '21st inst.
Knights of Honor.
I Grand Dictator L. Archibald will make official
: visits as follows: January 24 at Colusa, 28 at San
j Jose, 29 at Watsonville and SO at Santa Cruz.
Last Monday the grand dictator and grand offi
cers Installed the new officers of San Francisco
and Liberty lodges.
On Tuesday the officers of Norman Lodge were
i installed. A collation followed the ceremonies.
Last Wednesday the grand dictator visited Yo
: semite Lodge.
The new officers of Fortuna and Leland Stan
ford lodges were installed with impressive cere
monies.
Ivy Lodge had a public installation of its officers
i at 20 Eddy street last Friday, the ceremony being ■
j followed by a pleasing entertainment and dance.
The officers of Tahoe Lodge were installed iv
' Sisterna Hall at Berkeley last Saturday.
American Legion of Honor,
I Grand Secretary Burton visited Midwinter
! Council last Wednesday and gave an interesting
I synopsis of the changes made in the laws of tho
order and the work done at the last held session of
the Supreme Council. This council will install its
officers at its next meeting.
The oflicers Of California Council were installed
by W. H. Bishop. D. D. G. C. Grand Commander
I Filborn and Grand Secretary Burton were present
! and made brief addresses.
The grand officers will be present at installa
tions to take place tins week as follows: Washing
ton Council to-morrow night, lioheiulan Council
on Wednesday, Alta Council on . Friday and
| Golden Shore Council on Saturday.
The new officers, of Golden -;ar Council were in
stalled by Grand Commander Filborn, as»i3ti'd by
t Grand Secretary C. 0. Burton. AdOresaes were
[ made by the grand officers and others.
HEW TO-DAT.
Signature is printed in - Jj
BLUE diagonally * fl*
across the y s**k j^/Vf
OUTSIDE [I \/M
wrapper/ ' M O /• y^*^
/// S cf every
\\Y / bottle of
i\ ft / ' (the Original
n [)* / and Genuine)
/[ yy i>^
Aa a further protection against
all imitations.
f Agents (or tho United Statss, .
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N. Y.
1112
DANCES AND COTILLONS
I
Oakland's Fortnightly Club's
Brilliant Gathering Friday
Night.
ENTERTAINMENTS IN TOWN.
The Bullock Silver Wedding Anni
versary—The Drum-Rossiter
Engagement.
The enpngement has been announced of
John S. l>runi of Oakland and Miss Ros
t-iter of this City.
Miss Lottie Woods has issued invita
tions for luncheon, to be given at her
! .line, northwest corner California and
Octavia Btreets, Wednesday, January 15,
in honor of her cousiu, Miss Mattie Whit
tier, who has ju>t returned from a tour of
Kurope and the Eastern States.
In Oakland the regular meeting of t,he
Fortnightly Dancing Club was held in
Masonic Hall Friday evening. As usual,
a large crowd of the young set attended.
Will Thorne and Miss Pauline Fore led the
german. Those in the lirst set were: Miss
Geftrude Allen, Miss Selby, Miss llessie
Palmer, Miss Grace Baldwin, Miss Grace
Gorrill. Misa Mamie Kent, Miss Alice
Knowles, Miss /Lbbie Clift, Miss M.
Havens, Miss Edith Selby, Miss McEl
rath, Miss Irene iiaker; Messrs. Joe Itos
borough, Tom Knowles, Heach Soule, Ben
Upham, Clarence Creed. Harry Chiekering,
Mr. Potter^ Dan Beldei , Mr. Tail and others.
The cotillon of Bachelors' and Benedicts'
Club of Oakland, which was postponed out of
re- poet to the memory of the. late John W.
Colemanj will probably not take place at all |
this winter. Miss Jessie Coleman, who was to
have led the cotillon, of course will not ap
l"*ar in society again this season, and for that
i«.a!-on the members of the club will probably
decide that the proposed party should be
abandi
a pretty complimentary luncheon was given
la>; Wednesday in Oakland by Mrs. W. A.
Jacobs to Miss Abbie Grant in honor of her
trothal to Key. C. w. Wendte. Among those
piesent were: Miss Abbie Grant, Miss May
Benton, Mrs. Dr. Miller, Mrs. l'aul Lohse, Mrs.
James Taylor, Miss LiJa Thompson, Mrs.
KvaasJ Mrs. Fred .\. Jacobs, Miss MoiiieK.Con
ners, rs. H. H. Pinney, Mrs. yon Helm, Mrs.
B. C. Dick, Mrs. A. H. Glascock, Mrs. W. A.
Jacobs and Mrs. G. W. Bunnell.
A pieasaiu gathering in Oakland last week
■was the Burpnse party tendered Mr. and Mrs.
J. C. Bullock Friday evening, the twenty-fifth
anniversary of thtir marriage. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. J.C. Bu2lock,-Mr.
and Mrs. Ge >rge \V. Reed, Mr. andlMre. F.West
danl, Mr.and Mrs. E. A. Rogers, Mr. mid Mrs.
1). B. Moulton, Mr.;t;id Mrs. R. G. GrfJiam. Mr. I
and Mrs. T. L. I'otter, Major and Mrs. Bullock, I
Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Hall, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Bullock, Mr. and Mrs. racobus, H. Bullock,
Mrs. Van Duzen, Walter Bullock, Miss Brooks, I
Jack Bullock.
The Fortnightly Literary Club of Sa.n Mateo
met for the thirtieth time last rhursdeyeven
lag at the residence ol L. 11. Fuller, 'ihe fol
lowing interesting programme was carried out :
Original poem f( inded on a Russian U-jre:ni of
"The Epiphany"; essay on "Willia Culleu
Bryant as v Newspaper Man and a l'oet,"*by C.
N. Kirkbride, and an Inquiry into the relative
services to humanity of tne poet, the scierltist
und the technologist, by Georee W. Dickie.
An excellent ; igramme was rendered by Mrs.
1). y. Walker. Mrs. J. R. Carrick, Miss Ella Car
nck, Rev. George Wallace, G. W. Dickie Jr. and
William B. Jack. The next meeting will beat i
trie residence ot J. H. Doane.
The Chrysanthemum Dramatic Club will give ;
its second entertainment and dauee at Na- j
tionul Hall, Ellis street, near Poik, next Friday '
evening, on which occasion the one-act mu
sical comedy, "My Turn Next." will be pro
duced, with Messrs. Salomon. Martin, McMa
hon and Miller and Misses Webber, Butler and
Uynes in the cast.
On Friday evening, January 31, the Verdi's
Cotillon Club will open the season of '9t5 by
giving a party at Union-square Hall.
San Franciscans now at ' Hotel del Coronado
or registered during the past few days, are:
John D. Spreckels, A. L. Stetson, L. A. Blum
and wife and Master Blum, Mrs. H. Castle,
J'tuiiei E. Hayes, wife and daughter: Mrs. A.
R. Baldwin, Mrs. F. A. Baldwin, Altix R. Bald
win, Mr. and Mrs. M. Clayburgh and daughter.
W. H. Magee of Oakland has left on a. six
months' trip to entral America.
Mrs. A. A. Pennoyer of Oakland will leave
shortly for Europe, where she will spend some
time In the education of her children.
Mrs. S. L. Kline and family of Corvallis, Or.,
are in this City for the winter at the Hotel
Baltimore.
Mrs. B. F. Meyer will be at home the third
Thur.-day of each month at 1610 McAllister
fctreet.
The Merry-makers gave a very successful
leap-year party Saturday evening, Jajiuary 4,
at Twin leaks Hall, Seventeenth and *Noe
6treetF. Much credit is due the lady floor man
ager and her assistants for their excellent
work.
The Merry-makers will give their regular
Eocinl Saturday evening, January 18, at Twin
Peaks Hall, Seventeenth und Noe streets.
RELIGIOUS THOUGHT AND PROGRESS
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Throughout the Land.
EDITED BY WILL M. CLEMENB.
Following i= .1 summary of the principal
seimons recently delivered in the United
States and Canada by the leading clergy
men, priests, prelates, religious teachers
and professors of the Christian faith. In j
every instance the full text has been care- j
fuliy read and abbreviated.
SALOONS AND TRKASON.
The saloon is a chronic offfnder. Chronic !
■violation breeds contempt of law and leads to I
efforts nt nullification and rebellion. In es- j
fence it is treason.— Rev. C. AY. .Snodgrass, i
Newark, N. J.
TIIF. MONtIOE DOCTRINE.
The Monroe doctrine is a pivotal truth upon i
Which depends much of the future welfare of j
t.'iis great i<t.-o;>!e and Nr.tion, as well as its '
future prosperity.— Her. D. J. iiurrell, New
York City.
SOCIETY.
What ss the difference between so-called good
society and the despised low society? Simply I
in the manner in which they express their ma- '
liny RKtiinM God.— Bey. lir. Kiker, Methodist, I
Wheeling, \v. \- fl .
MASONS.
l'ree Masonry Is a ?reat tributary to re
lipion. It teaches to offer rational homage to j
the deity. It teaches faith iv God, hope in !
immortality au<l charity toward all.— Rev. S.
w. Sample, Independent, Jamestown. N. Y.
BEITEK HEX.
I am no believer in the doctrine of thefrolden
airea 01 the past. Gold gilds the present and j
ihe future, and in spite of alt men, environ- I
meriis, his failings, nis weaknesses, his trag- !
edies, niu:: Is, ! rerily believe, growing tetter. \
The evolution of the perfect man is painfully
e!ow, but Still 'lie trend, however meandering,
is toward the golden of perfection.— Rev.
\v. T. Veale, Presbyterian, Jacksonville, Fla.
BAD LITERATLT.K.
Kxciting and impure literature floods the I
land, which the younger people read and are
fascinated. The voluptuous Ufa is made the
Ideal, religion is scoffed at and vice enthroned.
The sensational papers •>.' the day make so
much of tne salacious details of an" unsavory
cuse and the sin ia so often made light of, even
made the occasion of efforts at liuinor.-Rev.
li. L. Miller, Episcopalian, Scrantou, i'a.
CHARITY.
It may he charity ior Rockefeller and Car
negie to erect living monuments i.i the shape
of universities and libraries, but it is not the
highest type, for their wealth is acquired by
doubtful metiindK. It is unchristian ior
moneyed men to seize large pieces of property
and profit by the Industry of others, without
outlay themselves. No man has a right to get
a monopoly upon anything.— Rev. 1. \v. Wil
liams, Latter Day Saint, Council Bluffs, lowa.
ABUXOCBACT.
Real aristocracy never shows itself. It never
makes tlie poor leol uncomfortable in its pres
ence, but the haughty manner and sneering
Iges "t shoddy aristocracy, and snow
t ; la t in society the scum goes to tlie top as
surely as the dregs sink to th>> bottom.— Key.
Dr. < hase, Methodist, Oswego, N. Y.
THKATFHS.
A great fault of the church of to-day lies in
the lact that it has held aloof from the theater,
from that great power for ennobling mankind.
I believe in the theater, and I think it is one of
the greatest powers in the world to-day for
bringing great truths home to the hearts of
men. The fault of its degradation is not in
itself, but in the hearts of men.— Rev. A. M. Mc-
Donald, Congregational Jacksonville, Fla.
ASSOCIATION'S.
Better have but one good companion than a
dozen evil associates. Associates often are the
cause of the downfall of a once pure young
man or women. Often the parents are godly,
but outside influences for the time crowd back,
all the early instructions in piety, and the
young fall. The preventive is better than the
cure, and a wise selection of associates will
prevent many sore regrets in after life. — Rev.
L. M. Zimmerman) Lutheran, Baltimore, Md.
AN AGE OF FADS.
This is an age of fads and follies, of meta
physical riddles and problematical ideals. The
psychological tendency of the human mind has
revived all the metaphysical notions of the
past, and they nave been animated with higher
life and must be met and mastered from a sci
entific standpoint.— Francisi K. Mason,
Brooklyn, N. Y.
DANCING.
We do not believe that the dance as indulged
In in these days possesses any element of holi
ness whatever. We believe tne dance is some
thing ihe church cannot control, and with
children who are allowed to dance it will be
come such a passion that they will fol.'ow it
from the private dance to places of question
able resort.— K. D. Carpenter, Rome, >'. Y.
VIRTUE.
Christ would have us exalt the value of
virtue. The woman is better in a calico dress
that has not bartered her virtue than the one
in silks and dazzling diamonds that has paid
the price of virtue to win them. The woman
that has fallen into sin has as much right to
be reinstated as man. — Rev. R. \V. Jameson,
Congregationalist, Sioux City, lowa.
rOVEUTY TO WEALTH.
The advance corps of wealth and business
ability that is moving through this century is
recruited and strengthened and made up from
men from the ranks of poverty. Stewart, the
"Humboldt of meichants," and Henry Clews,
tne "Shatespeare of bankers." are world-re
nowned geniuses who forged their reputations
and successes on the anvil of self-reliance and
energy.— Rev. C. A. Oakes, Reformed, Kinga
ton, X. Y.
IDEAL CHRISTIANITY.
Christianity is not a poor man's religion nor
a rich man's religion. It does not teach that
Lazarus was taken to heaven because he was
poor, but because he was pious, and that David
was sent to hell not because he was evil, but
because he was mean, Chnstiauity teaches
liberty, paternity, equality and that all of us
are brethren.— Rev. 1\ S. Henson. Baptist, Chi
cago, 111.
CHURCH GROWTH.
The growth of the church is not keeping pace
with the growth of the cities. In fifty of our
large cities statistics of six large denomina
tions show a 'ailing off of about 37 per cent. —
Rev. W. A. Stanton, Baptist, Pittsburg, Pa.
FOBSIGNKBg.
The danger to our Government lies in the
great cities which contain- from GO to 90 per
cent of foreigu-born population. A great dan
ger lies in placing the ballot in the hands of
these foreigners.— Rev. E. B. Patterson, Meth
odist, Jamestown, N. Y.
SIN.
Sin separates from God and goodness. Sin
perverts. Sin impoverishes. It strips its vic
tim. It has no mercy. Sin is a hard master.
The world offers pleasure, but not peace of
mind. Sin ever has a downward progress. —
Rev. James S. Chadwick, Methodist, Brooklyn,
N.-Y.
THE BREAD AND BUTTER PROBLEM.
Of all the woes of mankind famine is the
worst, and death by hunger dwarfs every
other form of dissolution. Hence the bread
and butter problem is at the root of ail our
political and social economies and specula
tions.—Rev. A. J. Caniield, Universalist, Chi
cago, 111.
THE HOJIE.
Home should be a beautiful place, not a den
or nest like the habitation of beasts; not a hut
or wigwam like the abode of a savage; not an
establishment for ministering to vanity. Home
is just what woman makes it.— Rev. Charles
Scadding, Toledo, Ohio.
( HKIPTIANITY.
Christianity was not a result of the accident
of sin. It was God's eternal purpose that this
should be a Christian world. There is only
one right way to live for God and for man, and
tliat is the Christian way. — Key. George \V.
Brooks, Universalist. Dorchester, Mass.
EVOLUTION.
If evolution is true, then the Bible is not
true, and God did not make man in his own
ima^e; he did not create him holy, an'i hence
man never fell, and Jesus Christ of no use
because he died to save men from sin. — Rev.
A. S. Gum.ba.rt, Boston, Mass.
AMUSEMENTS.
Too many Christian people look upon amuse
ments narrowly if not fanatically, and would
apply to them the most heroic treatment.
Amusements are important, and religious men
sometimes tolerate them with a wry lace, but
iv no broad sweet way. They do not see ho.w
indispensable they are. The maker of a toy,
the writer of a play, the furnisher of a pure
amusement, are public benefactors. Amuse
ment, subordinate to the high and noble ends
of life, is more than a mental diversion; it
fortifies virtue.— Rev. Dr. Peabody, Rome, N. Y.
JUSTICE.
I hold to one law for all classes in society,
one law for both men and women. Any senti
ment which brands an unchaste woman and
elevates an unchaste man to high oflice, is a
vicious sentiment. Any sentiments which
brands as a criminal the man who sells liquor
and receives the man wno drinks it into the
best society, is. a vicious sentiment. Let justice
be done to all, though the heavens fall. The
whole business of dealing with moral ques
tions needs to be revolutionized.— Rev. B. i\
Eaton, Universalist. Worcester, Mass.
CATHOLICISM.
What right have we in America to be dis
turbed over this imported Irish question?
What right has our peaceful land to have the
tramp upon its bosom of armed men, ostensi
bly to free Ireland? We are told there are
three regiments now organixed and drilling
for tiiat purpose. Do noi be deceived. It will
be Cardinal Satolli or his successor who will
direct the movement 01 these troops, not in
Ireland, but in the United States. It might be
well to organize a few Protestant regiments in
the United States to iree Spain. God knows
6he needs freeing from something that has
held her down for 400 years. — Bishop Usher,
Reformed, Episcopalian, I'eoria, 111.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cat.i,—
"10 Market street, open until 12 o'ciock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
comer Clay ; open until 8:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lerkhi street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
■ntil 9 o'clock.
8518 Mlflflion streat, open until 9 o'clock.
lift Ninth street, open umil 9:30 o'clock.
Mt'lMCJt Of siKKTl.\(,s.
BEr73=> OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. ft™
Lf^C and A. M. — First degree THIS ijCk
(MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 sharp. V[3f
By order of W. M. r9&\
EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
Cpss=« KING SOLOMON'S LODGE, NO. a
CS-^ 260, F. and A. M., corner Geary and £k
Steiner sta.— Called meeting THIS t Si').\-Tsf 3f
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for first /S&\
degree. By order 01 the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
IKgg* SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER NO jT~~
Li-^ 1, Royal Arch Masons, meeis THIS J\
EVENING. Installation of officer*. »?2f
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary, /^^
ITS' EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. vKj»uUi'/>
S*^ 310, I. O. O. F.-Officers and 4%*25&.
ni'-intj- r.s please take notice that the : ?=S^CS-3= ?
installation of officers will take place '--■/i>"
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. Visiting brothers
always welcome. P. W. SMITH, N. G.
E. L. Iki.land, Rec. Sec.
a^S=* EINTRACHT SPAR UND HAY VE-
«*--*' rein— Thirteenth seri-s now open and sub-
scriptions for shares received Monday and Tuesday
evaiiuiKs, January 13 and 14, at the office Eiii-
tracht Hall, 237 Twelfth st. Series opened semi-
annually; shares *100; monthly dues $1; p«v-
days, second Tuesday and the Monday preceding.
Ni» premiums charged on loans. Interest 8 per
cent per annum, free of mortgage taxes, muking
the cost of a loan for the full term less than 5 per
cent. V. HUFSOH3IIDT, President.
Hknbv Gir-r^K, Secretary.
r£^§= DUTCH MINING AND MILLING COM-
at~& pany— The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DUTCH M INING AND Mil
ING COMPANY will b» held at the office of the
company, rooms Nos. t>7 and tiS. Stevenson balld-
iiiL,', southwest corner California and Montgomery
streets, San Francisco, Cai., on TUESDAY,; the
'^lst daj' of Jatniary, 1896, at 2 o'clock r. si., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
Jor ihe ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such other business us may be brought before the
meeting.
San I'rancisco, January 11, 1896.
G. TRITTENBACH, President.
M. CLAi-ssENiua, Secretary.
|jt^S» PRESIDIO AND FERRIES R. R. CO.—
tJr~*r T ne regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad com-
pany will be held at the office of the company, 11 1 1
nion street, corner sharp's ulace, San Kra'n'-isco,
al., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) dcv of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.. for
the purpose of (.Meeting seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Trausfer books will close on Tuesday.
January 14, at 2 o'clock p, m
m i,,,- 10 ii. LEIGHTON. Hecretarv.
omce— llll Union su, corner Sharp's place, San
Francisco, Cal. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1896.
MEETING NOTICES-Contlnned.
Spgp ANNUAL MEETING-THE REcTuLAR
&-*•' annual meeting of stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held at the i
office of the company, 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 21st day (if
January, 189(5, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of .electing a board of 'directors to
Berve for the ensuing year and the transaction of ;
such other business as muy come before the meet-
Ing. Trausfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock i\ m. ■
■ - E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ICPT^ NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
U?--»* the annual meeting of the stockholders of i
the Horsefly Gold Mining Company will he held at !
its office, 610 Clay street. au Francisco. Cal.. on j
TUESDAY, the 14th day of January, J896, at 3 !
o'clock r. v. By order of the board of directors !
x. t. . EDWARD P. FLINT, President. I
R. T. Wabt>, Secretary.
FJgjp ANNUAL MEETIXG-THE ANNUAL
wt^c^ meeting of the stockholders of the Coramer- |
clai Insurance C ompany of California will beheld i
at the office of the Palatine Insurance Company,
limiied.of Manchester, England, 439 t,'i.llfornia St..
Safe Deposit building, San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th (lay of January, 1896,
at the hour of 12 o'clock, in accordance with by- t
laws.
: • - ' ' CHARLES A. LATON, Secretary.
sun Francisco. Deceinhor 31. 1895.
SPKCIAL, NOTICES.
iSf^p^USS FRANCES BEItNHARJ) 17a
«J" 3y Sixth, room — Genuine massage treatment.
BSgr* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
»*'-*' Collections made, city or country. Paclflo
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy at., room 6, Tel. 55K0.
ijfc^= CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
™^__»niir treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurline Baths.
ftf.g= WINDOWS .CiJBANED AND FLOOR 3
»*-*^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: . payment for
carnages guaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO.. 242 Sutter.
RSS- ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP; PAPER-
tfr^ «-d $3 50 uo. 317% Third. George Hartman.
Rrg=* CORNS REMOVED without KNIFE.
t^ 3^ Chiropodic Institute, room 9, 906 Market.
j!K^= A B A N'I)O N E D CHILDB E N DMITTED
<»- J into Bt. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
from July 1, 1894, until December 31, 1895: Wil-
liam Finsterbuecii 5 years, James Donui I years,
Grace Doran 2 years. Johannak Moesch 4 years,
Ed Burke 6 years, Bessie Finsterbusch 3 years,
George Lombard 4 years.
EpS= NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
\&-*r the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society has admitted to their'lnstitution the
following orphan and half-orphan girls and boys
from June 30, 1895. to Junuary 1.1896: Edith
Campbell, 7 yrs.; Caroline M. Newton. 5 yrs :
Myrtle Campbell, 5 yrs.; Ethel M. Mo!Ya;t, 5
yrs.; Panl Duering, 2 yrs.: <;eor«e Grass, 6 yrs ;
Willie Coo s, 11 yrs.; Bishop B. Taylor. 8 yrs.:
Willie A. Newton, •_• yrs.: James O. Morrit3on, 4
yrs.; Frederick A. Mort'att, tt yrs.; Carl Smith.
32% yrs. : Edmund K. Bedford, 10 yrs. ; Thomas
Semler, 7 yrs.; Delbert D. i aley, 4 yrs.
ES» MBS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., BOOM
"^^ S, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
fflFg^M EtS. WALLACE, 109 POWELL ST.,
»-" room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
COMPE rE NT~ AMERICAN COOK WITH 3
years' reference desires a situation. J. F.
CKO3ETT & CO., »13 Sutter st.
AWAITING SI IT LTIONB —A SUPERIOR
German cook, country preferred; Swe lish girl,
housework, Jewish family, 3 years last place, Ger-
man waitress and seamstress; French nursery
governess and Beamstn 2 years last place, coun- ■
try preferred: several competent homework girls. j
best city references. Ladies can secure first-class
help of nil nationalities, city or country, by calling, <
telephoning or sending their orders to'MI^S CL'L- ,
LEN. 105 Stockton .st.
IDDLE - AGED WOMAN, COMPETENT i
cook, wishes situatiou in private family: cood
laundress; good references. Please call or uddress
274 Clementina st., cor. Fourth.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO i
* J cooking and housework in small family: wages
s?l 5. Address 224 Linden aye., near Franklin and
Hayes Bts.
LDERI .V AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS sff ,
XJ uatlon as good plain cook; no objection to '
countp ; small wages. Please call 128 V4 Ninth. ■
I OITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O woman; is competent cook; good home more
object than wages. Call 1236 Bush st. I
p ERMAN WIDOW; GOES OUT i:Y THE DAY
VJ washing, ironing and general housework. Ap-
ply 130 Second st. ,
TILT ANTED— BY COMPETENT NUBSE TO
>' care for infant or do second work; ti years'
reference. Call 920 lost st.
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
girl for general housework; wag-s $20. Please
'■«11 263S Post street, nearCi-niral u venue. ,
DRESSMAKER — FIRST- CLABi REFER-
ences; perfect fitter; formerly at City of Paris:
by the day; lorms, $1 50. Call or address 1205% <
1 ievisadern street. " ,
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHEH SITUAJ :
tion ns chambermaid or housekeeper. Call or
address 1126 Market st., room 6.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
►~ to do general housework; is good cook. Apply
321 Van Ncsa aye.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES TO DO HOUSE- I !
VJT work and plain cooking. 229% Sixth st. ',
yOL'NO GIBL WIBHES UPSTAIRS WORK :
X a;;d waiting at table. 734 Tehuma st.
■yOUiS'O GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO A3 :
X siat in housework or second work; no postals :
114 Eighteenth st.
/ i V. K.MAN LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
\y working housekeeper.' Address J., box 1, Call, I i
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS POSITION, ' !
VJ city orcountry; gooJcook, baker and laundress;
nationality Scotch: references; also experienced
baby's nurse wants position. Call 419 Minna st. '
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WOBK BY THE ! :
\J day; washing, Ironing or houst cleaning or '
chamberwork in lodging-house. Call or address
612 Minna st. I
EESPETiTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY .
day; nursing or housework; $1 per day and "
sleep at home. 428% Fifth st.
TNTELLIGENT OKRMAN GIRL WISHES A "
X situation an nurse and little upstairs work; coun-
try preferred. Call 1234. .. Busii s:.
yoUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY [ill-: !
X day at washing or house-cleaning. Apply or '■
address 522 st.-veuson at. i
OOD SEAMSTBESS, CUT AND FIT, SPEAKS !
y} English, French and German, would do light
upstairs work and waltlne or care of child; best '
references. Address or call 622 Polk st. '
yOl NG WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO !
X housework: co»>d cook and laandreas; city or !
coun.ry : wages f 15. D., box 74. Ca1l Office. ,
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA- '
tlon to do housework and take care of chil-
dren. Apply 1820 Lexington aye.
V OUNG GIBL WISHES SITUATION AS IM- '
X prover with good dressmaker. Apply 1217 "
Howard st.
Gil. MAN WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE '
day, or washing, Ironing or housecleanin" ■
Address C 61% Minna st. I
pOMPETENT GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
VJ children and sew, or light upstairs work. An- !
ply 865 Mission st. :
\\, r ANTED— «V YOUNG GIBL, PLACE TO DO |
'» liitht housework or care of child: smallwages. <
623 Fourth st.; cull alter 1 r. m.
pOMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SIT- "
VJ uation in a private family. Call at 233 Califor-
nia aye.
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS A PLACE FOR
i VJ genera] housework. 711 Folsom 't. i
| pOJIPETEXT WOMAN WANTS POSITION:
VJ understands care of Infants or invalids; good
seamitreas; good reference. Address C. \V., box ■
! lea, Call Office.
RESSMAKER — GOOD I'ITTER, WANTS | \
pngaxements In families; 75c a day and lunch.
Address L. 'IV; box 75), Call Office.
SITUATION TO DO HOUSEWORK IN SMALL
O American family; good cook; willing and i '
obHglng.^Address 31. A., box 110, 1 a'l Oflice.
T a DIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
X-i neatly and reasonably done. 917Marketst.
room 21. ■.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, "RESPECTABLE
and sober, would like light work; good home '
and moderate wages. Address MRS. LEE, 108
Taylor .it. ' '
rpRUSTWORTHY WOMAN WANTS WORK
Xby the day washing or housecleanlng: has local 1
references. Please address s. H. J., 222 Willow
aye.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin st. :
OITUATION AS SEAMSTRESS AND TJP^
O stairs girl. 1234 Mission st. 1
BY YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL, LATELY FROM '
East, to do upstairs work. Call 513 Greenwich.
"\rOUNG PBOrKSTANT WOMAN WANTS a I
X position as nurse to sick or insane person, do ■
plain sewing, help with housekeeping: best of ref-
erence from laat employer. Nurse, 1231 O'Farrell.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES, SITUATION To M
0 do light housework or chamberwork. Call or '
mldress 5 Hodges place, off Vallejo st., bet. San- I
some and 3lontgomcry. • !
LADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSEKEEP-
-i-J cr or charge of lodging-house: city only. Ad- ■
dress for 3 days C. 0., box 144, Call Office.
DRESSMAKER WANTS SEWING; GOOD ;
\J cutter and fitter; reasonable; go out or take '
work home. 108 Taylor st.
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG lady '
LJ who has fair knowledge of dressmaking; can :
cut, lit and make the latest style skirts; for board
and room and small salary. ■ Call or audre-s 502 :
Post st.
\riDDLE-AGED WIDOW DESIRES A POSI- •
i-'X tionatany kind of work ; good references 1
Address A. 31.. box 17, Call office. '. '
BOOKKEEPER-YOUNG WOMAN CAPABLE 1
of taking charge of any Ret of books wants a
permanent position; best of references. B. X , •
box 48. this office.
LM " S ! •'.( l.\-S~W ASil X X ... AND HOUSE- :
X. cleaner wants work by the day. Call or address
MBS. A., room 7, 864 V* Missiou St.: $1 and car-
fare.
x peTTienckd EASTERN designer and
XJ dressmaker wishes ork by the day m families- '
exquisite flttlng. Modiste, box 21, Call Office.
rriwo middle-aged women want work '
Kin the mines or some institution; good plain ■
cooks and not afraid of work: wo'ild like work i
together. Address M. A., box 45, Call Office. I 1
You ■ WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS '
X housekeeper. Call 11 Kearny, r. 27, first floor. .
TED- Continued.
-y OUNG WOMA^TWANTSPLACE A s'hOUS&
X keeper; Is a good cook. Call at 28 Seventh St.,
room 3(i
STYLISH DRESSMAKER JUST FROM THE
East wishes encasement by day, or take work
home; terms reasonable. Apply 418 Octavia st.
YODN i i AMERICAN GIRL WISHES A SlT-
natlon to do light hou-eworK: sleep at home.
Call or address 1131 Twenty-sixth st.
STRONG, RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES TO
do washing, ironing, cooking and houseclean-
ing by the day. MRS. CURTIS, 115 Twenty-
I sixth St., near Mission.
"\riDDLE-AGED LADY WANTS POSITION
-■'A a3 housekeeper or care of invalid: city or
country. 775 Twenty-second St., Oakland.
VOONO SWEDISH GIRL, USED TO SEWING,
X wants a place in a dressmaking establishment.
i Address 1042 Army st., city.
SWE DISH GIRL WANTS A SITUATION A3
second girl or chambermaid in a private, re-
, snectable family. For good reference call lit Fulton
Hotel, room 19, 3 Fulton St., Sau Francisco.
\y ANTED— POSITIONS IN ONE FAM ILY BY
j ■ * two Eastern girls: one as working houaekeep-
erand one at waiting and chamberwork. Address
Eastern, box 11, call oilice.
T \ r ANTED — POSITION AS WORKING
'» housekeeper; private or hotel; or would go in-
to business with reliable party. Address MRS, E.
R. WAQEN&R, Ukiah, Cal. ;
A'OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
X as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 5.
IDOW of EXPERIENCE DESIRES PO8I-
» » tion in lodging-house or small family. Apply
2C2Vj Turk st.
"yOUNG WIDOW W\NTS A SITUATION A3
X type-writer. 873 V 3 Market St., room 13, 2 d floor.
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
TT Market; 200 rooms 25c to Xl 50 per night;
f 1 50 to $b per week; convenient and reatH>ctable;
nee bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANXED-JIALfi.
PC. G. CoVoK^lioTr^'F^T^TjS^^KsT^AXL
branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. -.tel.Orant 46.
HUNTKR <t CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny. bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 414 i/ 2 O'Farrell: tel. E. 426.
pOACHMAN OR MAN ABOUT PLACE;
\J thoroughly understands the care and driving
of horses; good gardener and milker; handy with
tools; best of references. Address A. S., box 119.
Call Office.
-yOUNG MAN DESIRES WORK OF ANY
x kind; experienced In handling horses; has
worked In box-factory, or will do porter work.
J. P., box 21, Call Oilice.
\ OUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
x clerk In grocery, driving wagon, tending bar or
porter in wholesale house; city, Oakland or couu-
try. Address 2517 Mission st.
yOUNG BAKER, WITH EXPERIENCE IN
.J, bread and cakes, wants situation. 121b
Shipley st.
SIT UATION WANTED — as MAN ABOUT
kJ place; city or country: wages $20 per month.
Address W., box 16, Call Office.
\ N Al ADVERTISING MAN DESIRES POSI-
-TA. tion either city or country; best of references,
aud a rustler. Address G., box 79, this office.
A'OUNC GERMAN WANTS PLACE AT GEN-
x tleman's residence: understands the care of
horses and chickens: can do garden work: willing
to work. Call or address 102 Coll wood st.
CTEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS
■ J a situation as porter in -.rhoiesale house. Au-
dress L. C, box 127, Call Office.
ITUATIOX W ANTED^MIDDLE-AGED MAR-
yj ried man, possessing knowledge of stationery
cooking, gardening, irrigating, general farm work,
pruning, handy with tools and office work; wages
no object. Address 8. J., box 40, Call Oflice.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
< man to do light work of any Kind; best of city
references. Address R., box 54. Call.
G El. MAN. AGED 30, HAS DRIVEN MILK-
VJ wagon for 6 years in the city, wishes position
Of any kind: references and security. Address A.
N., box 54, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
gardener to do general gardening work and
make himself useful around place. Address G. G..
box 156, Call Office.
I?XPERIENCED MINING ENGINEER DE-
-1-i sires a position as manager, foreman'or assa> (-r
of a quartz mine. Address .1., box 59, Call Office.
"pA INTER AND PAPER-HANGER WISHES
X work by the day or contract. call or address
128 Oak st.; of city references.
1 i>A n r.s e" YOUNG MAN ANT) WIFE
O want a position in family as nr.si-class cook
and second worker; they are honest und good-
natured AddressT. M.. 403 Geary st.
TAPANESE COUPLE WANTS A l UATION;
« man first-class co>k; wife wait on table and
general honseworker; good reference. Adaress
S. R., 1307 Larkm et.
pOLORED MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
\J porter, waiter, watchman or any other kind of
work. Call or address 619 Ellis St., "in rear.
JT 1 RST-CLASS PAINTER AND POLISHER,
X strictly sober, wishes situation In hotel or Insti-
tution; steady place more an object than wuses.
Call or address 68 Sacramento St., Mariners' read-
ing-room. i : ;;v*>
OUNG MAN LIVING WITH HIS PAR-
X ents desires a position in blacksmith or wagon-
maklng shop: two years' experience. Address
2217 Endnal aye., Alameda. Cal.
WA N Ir I i-WOKK BY YOUNG MAN <GER-
' » man) to do chamberwork, wait Ht table or kit-
chenwork. Please address H. VIELITZ, 631 ssac-
ramento st., room SG.
DAN!:. I aOBOUGHLY UNDEirsTANDS
horses, cows, garden and general work at city
or country residences, wishes situation; references;
J. N.. 416 Broadway, city.
TO NURSERYMEN AND orchaudihts-
X Newly arrived experienced nurseryman wishes
to get emnloyment; willing to staVt with low
wages. Address, in writing, M. P., box 21, Call.
FEHALE HELP WANTED.
W" ANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
»» cooks.no wash, $30; Protestant nurse. $22; 2
Protestant seconJ girls, $20; 2 cooks. German
style, $25; starc'.ied ironer in laundry, 89 week;
re-.taurai'' waitress. $20, and .1 great many girls for
cooiing and housework in city and country. J. F.
CROSETI' <fc CO., 312 Sutter st.
O SCANDINAVIAN COOKS AND DOWN-
«J Stain girls, ?'-'5; neat American girl who cr.n
COOk German style, $'/5: strong younK woman for
housework, Benlcia, $20: young housework girl
for Vallejo, see party here at 10 a. m., $15: Frencu
nurseglrl, $15: young (Jerman ond girl, $15;
and many more neat young women to fill nuiuer-
ous places. C. R. HANSEN <t CO., 110 Geary si.
V y AITRESS. CITY, $20; WAITRESS, COIIN-
'» try. $15; young kitchen-girl, good hotel, near
city, $15. C. It. H A Nse A CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED— FRENCH MAID TO TRAVEL.
$25: German cook, $30; French nurse, $26;
cook and laundress, small family, 530; young girls
for housework and to assist. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st,
ERMAN AND FRENCH NURSERY GOV-
erness, $30, country: (fernmn or French lady's
maid. $25 10 $30: 2 second girM, $25; nurse, cnild
2 years. $25; infant's nurse, $20; 50 Housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25. Girls can se-
cure reliable situations of all kinds by applying io
MISS CULLEN. 106 Stockton si.
' ERMA AND FRENCH rOfKSERY GOV-
eniess,s2s. MISS CULLEN, 106 Stockton.
WOMAN FOR COMPANION AND LIGHT
'» work,, $10, St. Helena. Apply to-day
tOMIba CULLEN, 105 Stockton.
"VT EAT CHAM B& P. MTi <'O UNTRY HOTEL,
-i-* $20; waitresses, city and country hotels. ISIS
to $20; booselceeper, $12; ranch cooks, $20 to
$26: 25 girls and women can find good situations
at MURRAY <fe READY'S, 634 Clay at.
EAT CHAMBERMAID. ASSIST WAITING,
-Li nice country hotel, $20. MURRAY &
READY, 034 Clay st.
ERMAN NTJBSEBY GOVERNESS, $25;
VJ German scond girl, $20: man and wife, restau-
rant, as waiter and cook, $50; others. MME. LEO-
I'OLD, 20 S.oekton st.
WA NTED— S GIRLS FORGENKRALHOUSE-
' ' work, wages 926; cook. 930: cook, $25: wait-
ress, 933; 10 honseglrls, $20, $15; second girl, $25.
Apply 315 Sutter St.
VBA 1 ■ I : I ; MAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
i-' general housework; must be a good cook and
have city references. Apply at 509 Cole st., bet.
Haight and Pape, Monday morning.
YOUNG GIRL WANTED (GERMAN PRE-
X ferrod) to take care of baby and assist in light
housework; sleep home; wages $8 to $10. Call
at 131 *lfth st. -
r ANT — DISHWASHER; GENERAL
housework; $12. 23 Stockton st., room 23,
upstairs.
\Y ANTED— NUMBER OF GIRLS FOR COOK-
*" Ing and general housework. 11% Antonio St.,
off Jonea, near Ellis.
\ y ANTKD— YOUNU GIRL TO ASSIST IN
'• general housework; sleep at home. Call bet.
9j\nd 10 a. m.. 709 Larkln street.
EAT GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
-l-> housework: 4 in family; no washing. 1909
Yallejo St., near Octavia.
T ADY CANVASSERS. CALL AT 110 GEARY
XJ street. ;-,.>,.;
ERMAN GIRL OR WOMAN 'IO ASSIST
vX with housework. 457 Guerrero st.
Jf I CLASS X IRT-M AXE WANTED;
reference required. 2240 Post st. •
WANTED-GIRL TO CUT LABELS. APPLY
*" 14 Hallcckst.
pIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK: MUST
VX sleep at home. 702 Lagunast.
GOOD APPRENTICE GIRL ON CUSTOM
coats. 5551/g; Minna s:. -
"L IN ISHERS ONTANTS WANTED. 633 STE-
X venson st.
WANTE GIRL 16 YEARS OLD TO TAKE
' _ care of children. Apply 2126 Post, near Scott.
pOOK; STEADY PLACE; GOOD WAGES AND
VJ room. Apply Bto 10, restaurant, 1530 Polk st.
WNTED— A YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
'' * light housework. Apply 421 Noe st."
AyANTED-FIRST-CLASS COOK AND LAUN-
■. ''.dress; private family. Apply from 11 to 12
morning; or 5 to G evening northwest corner Clay
and Buchanan sts.
A PPRENTICE WANTED AT DRESSMAKING
-£x immediately. 2240 Poit st.
HELP WANTED-Conttnned.
G" > nn : tL^^R^^IorERAL housework Tv
family of 3 and 2 children ; references required.
2201 Broderick st., cor. Washington.
"lir ANTED— RELIABLE COUPLK ON HMALI.
»T private place: wife good plnlti cool) utiil
general housework; man must und uikl c»r<> of
carriage horses thoroimhly and be (central l; IIM
ful: small wages; good steady honi<>. Addrrm.
with references, 1., box I>s, Cull O/ilc«. 0»l l*nd,
SWEDISH AND GKUMAN EMIM.OVMKNT
0 Office, 11 2 Antonla St.. off Joucx, nr. KUls.
DRESSMAKING. CI.TfING ■ AND 1 I ITING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 I'dwetl; pat-
ternscut to order 25c up; pnpllg wantotl,
Ty ANTED — DRESSMA If ICRM TO T.K.AUN
' » how to cut regular tailor nystem: only reliable
system; no models, charts or squares u.ied. < oil \
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter St.. city.
■EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON WHITE
XJ shirts. GREENEBAUM,\VEIL<t
531 Missiou st. ■■_:
WANTED-PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
" term commences this mo. Room 51, 121 Post.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus to and trom the ferry.
URING THE SALE LADIKS' WOOL SUITS
$3 90. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND 3&c: MORNING
and ev'g classes; 10 lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
"WANTED— PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MIL-
"» linery; positions found; terms reasonable.
234 Taylor st.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS-
cutt:ng school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9th.
j \RESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
X 7 syßtem. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per nicht; $1 50 to $6 per
week : ?*-"»; bus to and from tlie ferry. .
MA.T.K HELP WAM'ED.
W A NTED— 9 BUTLE RS, 92ft AND 956 ; 2
" waiters, country hotel, $25; restaurant waiter,
925; cook for 3 men. $15 and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 628 Sacramento street.
I^ELT AND COMPOSITION ROOFER; $3 PER
X day; mii3t be an experienced, competent nan.
MURKAY & READY. 034 and 636 (lay st.
pORTER AND PANTRYMAN, $20; 8 COOKS,
X 2 waiters, 2 choreboys and 3 farmers. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
QTEADY GENERAL BLACKSMITH FOR
0 country; single preferred. Address H, box 9.
Call Office. ,
W ANTED A BRIGHT STRONG BOY ABOUT
" 16yearsof age: references required. Apply
124 Pest st. at 9 a. M.
"I y A ITER WANTED AT 207 SECOND ST.
MEN CANVASSERS. CALL AT 110 GEAB
street.
1 ) ARTENDER WANTED AT 541 MISSION
■U St.; ca 1 at 9 a. m.; must speak Germau.!
THIRST-CLASS BARTENDER; SINGLE MAN;
X city; references required. 641 Mission st.
1 (\(\ MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR S CENTS;
\J\J clean towel to each; bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14V-s Montgomery aye.
BARBKB-SHOP; I.< icaTlOv IN CITY j
X> sickness cause sale. Apply this offlice.
WAISTED— GOOD STRONG BUY TO WORK
»> in coalyard. Apply 8 o'clock Monday morn-
Ing, MOORE'S coalyard, 263 Minna st.
XPERIENCED TRAVELING SALESMAN
for gents' furnishing goods; call at once; also
parcel clerk: must have some experience; also
competent organizer for secret order having a life
benefit. Apply at once to tbe U. S. Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
IE A A TRADE— LADIES AND GENTLE-
J men students wanted; only 8 weeks required;
tools given; write for catalogue. San Francisco
Barber College, 116 Eleventh st.
WANTED — AGENTS " FOR CITY AND
" county to handle a Catholic work of art, in-
dorsed by tbe ciersy ; easy payments and liberal
inducements. THE WERNER COMPANY, 7
City Hall square.
v ' ANTED— YOUNG MAN ABLE TO OPEN
» » oysters and cook for lunch counter and chop-
house. Apply 925 Washington St., upstairs.
A 11. THE NON-EMPLOYED MEN" OF SAN
JrY Francisco are requested by the National Eight-
hour Labor Union io meet at the new Postollice
site. Seventh and Mission sts., on Monday, January
13, at 10 a. m.
BARBER-SHOP: an exceptional GOOD
little shop. Western Addition, for $200; is well
wortl) it. Apply to STOLTZ, 630 Market St.
ARBKR SHOPS — 2 COUNTRY PAYING
sbop3. Call and see BTOLTZ, 630 Market st.
"WAX.TED-CLEAX, TEMPERATE, ELDER-
'» ly man who understands thi' car? of carriage
horses thoroughly and to make himself generally
useful about the house; small wages; steady
place. Address, with references, 11., box 102, Call
Office, Oakland.
"IJARTY WITH $100 OR MORE TO ENGAGE
X in raising chickens, pigs and vegetables. Apply
at Call ottlce.
ARBE ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamnnn, 238V2 O'Farrell st.
OZART. 319 ELLIS— BOOMS 25c TO 60c
li nigh:, $1 25 to $5 week; reading-rooms.
rmiE RAILROAD HOUSE, 633 COMMERCIAL
J- St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 16c night,
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
\TE\V Waldo house. 765 mission, BET.
i-' Third and Fourth— single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all uight.
ALOON PARTNER; PAYING CORNER; EX-
O perience not necessary; some money. 633
Howard st.
ROSE DALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
MEW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
.rooms from $1 to $4 week lar«e reading-room.
"T7IOR THE BEST AND CLEAN KStTocTMEAL
-T try 13Vi Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
EST PLACE IN CITY FOR SKCOND-HAND
shoes, 726 l opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
EST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED: 8
courses, 10c. at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
~C KA.MEN FOR SYDNEY, XKW YORK AND
O other ports. Apply 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
EN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the brst. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
IE W AND SECo N D-HAND OES FROM
i-i 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard
rHATMJHEER HOUSE. &29 SACRAMEN
»» st.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a aight, SI a week: meals 10c.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
BARBERS— EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCI-IS.
WANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
' » their wages to place accounts with ns; law and
commercial collection; no charge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Suiter, r. 4.
I||?)ME.\ TO TAKE LODGING AT IUC, l&C
.I'M' and 20c a night, including coSee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
■ \y ANTED— TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
» » Steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
VI EN'S V2-SULING 60c: LADIES' ■•.' DONE
KM. while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND JIOW'ARD-
JLJ slngle firnished rroms: 75c week, 15c night.
arbT:rs' protective unTon EMPLOY-
ment secretary. CONRAD TBOELL. 657Cla>.
TyXNTED— LA P. OP. E AN D MECH A N IC 3
' T 10 know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
UT ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
* » week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
i>REE BEER-TWo SCHOONERS FOR sc;
X 1 also a bottl tof lagtr, sc, at 'J37 Clay st.
"I? REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME;
X 1 single rooms 15c, 20c a night, $1 ,-. week.
BEST IN CIT SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
26 cents per night; SI, SI 25, $1 60 p*r week.
laclfic House .Commercial and Lelde3dorff sts. |
Afjl \ M EN ' S ECO N D-IiANTrL L» KHOKS.SOME
rt\J\J nearly new, 25c to «i] 25. 662 Mission st.
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
TUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
O ing shoes: call and see: half-soled In 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price; work guar-
anti-ed. 662 Mission g>.. bet. First aud Second.
AGENT > WANXKI). ~~~
'ANTED -INTELLIGENT MEN AND
'» women in every town to handle "John Sher-
man's Recollections"; exclusive territory and lib-
eral terms. THE WERNER COMPANY, 7 City
Hall square.
LADY AGENTS TO HANDLK FINE LINE
ladies' articles; can make $25 per week; exclu-
slve rights. C. C. Company, 131 Post st.
/CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT BOCIETY
VJ wants cood agents to work Its accident and
sick Insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secrntary. Murphy building.
.-.-■■ FUIWJITURE WANTIiJ)
T : C\^ripßicK^PAivrvoaVxnis7TvnKr~r\-
KJ COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A st'h.
BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAI D FOR
- second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. Sl3 Market st.: call or send postal.
iEOO .Hi WA_NTJSI>.
4OR BROOMS; LAKGE^EASEMEXTAND
yard, with stable. Address IKHO Eddy, store. >
WANTEI>-3IISCELL,ANEOUS.
\AT A N TED— BOARD IN A HOTEtTIN^EX-
»» change for paperhanging. Papertanger, 623
Sacramento st. ,
\Y A N T YOUR WATCH. IF IT NEEDS
'» repairing: best work at half the regular price
DEUaa, watchmaker, 126 Keurny St.. third floor!
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JE\7
O elry to A. KLEIN, 10S Sixth St.; send post hl.
JBITSIMESgI CHANCES.
S^o^^pXrtner wanted-one OF THE
•iP'l—tJ. handsomest fltted-up bars on East St.;
compelled to sacrifice: remaining partner responsl-
blo business man. BTERNBERG CO., 632 Market.
*<K(in RESTAURANT NORTH OF MAK-
•ipOV/V'. ket: latest improvements; receipts av-
erage $50; weet's trial allowed; look at this before
buylngelsewhere. STERNBERG CO., 632 Market.
t%4QQ.— RGA I N —
Saloon. Tpnth St., near Market. STERNBERG
CO., 632 MARKET, opposite Palace Hotel.
»£•'-> p;a «k»cerya.\d bar if soldim-
<Jp*JO\J. mediately; fine location: account ue- :
parture; don't miss this. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market st. •■ :;
<2«9XA SALOON, KEARNY ST.: NICELY
<£)<£iO\J. fitted up: this place is very inviting
and suitable for 2persons: expenses light; bargain.
BTENBERQ CO., 632 Market st.
CjOAA SALOON: KULL VALUE STOCK,
— ' '\J m fixtures given away: block off Market:
account death. .VTENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
AKERY, COFFEE PARLOR: VERY BEST
location; finest fltted-up place in city: has very
laree counterand outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner, as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places; must sell one at sac-
rifice. STENBEBG &CO . 632 Market st.
QJTjifETi PARTNER RE3TAU RANT AND '
iß*JtJ\'. chophouse near transfer point; big day
and night trade; guarantee clear $75 monthly;
full investigation: trial before buying. STEN
Bi BG CO., 632 Market st.
"OOAA RESTAURANT NEWLY FITTED
i\pZ.\J\J. up: rent and water taken out In board;
no night or Sunday work; receipts $10 daily; big
bargain. STEINBERG CO., 632 Market si.
BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
1 of any kind see STRAND & CO., 46 Third at.
Q'lnfl SALOON MEN ATTENTION: OLD
«Jpd:UU. established saioon; pays well: actually
worth $600. STRAND & CO., 45 Third at.
_Anp. RESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION:
«n)*± i «J. great bargain. STRAND &C 0..45 Third.
Ql7^ BRANCH BAKERY: 3 ROOMS";
iSJ-i- <O. good trade; bargain. STRAND «fe CO.
45 Third st.
<£M£tfWl CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
J OUt t. bargain if sold this week. STRAND
«fc CO., 45 Third st.
Q,l£.A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
•JptrUv/. horse and wagon; bargain; to-day.
STRAND, 45 Third St.
Cj OCA BUTCHER-SHOP, 2 HORSES, WAG-
»Ir — O\J. ons, etc. ; great bargain. STRAND, 45
Third st. __!_
u>»_>aa lady wants gentleman
iPOUU. partner in old-established restaurant;
sure to clear $75 per month to each. See STRAND,
45 Third St.
QOXA PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-
<tSpOO\J. class cash commission business; will
clear $150 to $200 per month, which will be
proven; established 10 years: experience not nee- '■
essary, but must be steady and reliable; no night
nor Sunday work. STRAND, 45 Third st.
"©9AA LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
<$) — \J\J. 3 years: clearing $20 week; suitable
for man and wife or two ladies. STANLEY, 9
Geary, room 2.
tOO partner wanted; indoor
<Jp ■iv/v/. business: run by present owner 14
years; suited to plain steady man satisfied with
575 to $100 a month; trial given. STANLEY, 9
Geary, room 2.
©QXA BRANCH BAKERY : SCHOOLS,
♦-IT — O\J. supplies; near schools: 3 living-rooms;
rent $14; must sell. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
C« IAA CIGAR. DYE ANDLAUNDRY BUSI-
tiP-IW. ness; 4 nnished rooms. DECKER.
1206 Market st.
ffijl O^ CANDY STORE; FLRNISHe77rms.;
<4PX^.c>. cheap. BARRETT & CO., 865 1/ 2 Mkt.
c F KE SALOON AND CHOPS;
iJP'XVI/. vicinity Market and Sixth; Bnely fitted:
bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF, 860V2 Maricei st
ii(AA GROCERY AND BAR. BEST POSSl-
<tt)lvU. sible locution; 3 living rooms: death
cause sale. BARRETT <fc SKIFF, 863V 2 MarkeU
e^fjfl PAYING CORNER GROCERY AND
'. OVJKJt bar; living-rooms; rent $25; must sell;
Offer wanted. BARRETT & SKIFF, 865 .:» Mar-
ket st.
A DY-STORE; NO. 1 LOCATION; FINELY
\J fitted: doing good business : best reason for sell-
Ing. BABRE 1 1 4 SK I IK. 866*6 Market st.
•VTOTICE - HAVING SEVERaI] BUYERS
-^' willing to invest in leeitimate business, parties
desiring to sell apply to HEALY fc CO., 23 Kearny.
OJM (100 HAKERY FOX SA 1.F.-BA X I Ni .
liJiuuu. barrels per week: 2 horses and wagon,
f) living-rooms: will give a trial : clearinc «150 per
month. Apply HEALY «s CO., 23 Kearny st.
©9ftnn CORNER LIQUOR STORE DOING
_< \i\l. a business of $30 per day, clearing i
$•-'5O month: you can have month's trial; finest of
liquors and cigars. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
\\-Hi:\ YOU ARE DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
e r s and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. REIiJY »fc CO.. Sixth st.
OLD ESTABLISHED LODGING-HOUSE, IN
connection with fine saloon; doing gooa busi-
ness; JimHo^a^ioj^REIDY&COML Sixth St.
"T^OR SALE— BUTCHER-SHOP AND SLAPGH-
X ter-house in flourishing country town. 40 miles
from city: doing larse business; icehouse, horses,
wagonn, etc. REIDY & CO., 13 1 sixth st.
TTiOR SALE— FINE RESTAURANT a3?D
X dining-room doinii good business; tine fixtures;
excellent location, J. REIDY & CO., 13V Sixth.
INK CIGAR-STORE ON KEARNY, NEAR
X' Market st. JOHNSTON, 26Va Kearny st.
fflj I 7 ,' PARTNER IN A PAYING CASH
tfpXI»J. business In this city: good for $85
monthly: can be increased. JuIINsTON, 26Vb
Kearny st. •••.
OA 00 R OCTE CLEARING $100 MONTHLY.
<pttUV/. JOHNSTON A CO., '2*>y 2 Kearny st.
4& 400 GROCERY AND BAR AT A SACRI-
<SP^tUU. nee. JOHNSTON, 'J6l/2 Kearny st.
<fi Oi I RARE CHANCE, PRODUCE AND
<iJwuW. dairy business; old established; good
trade: profits $125 a month; can be Improved.
JOHNSTON. 26Va Kearny st.
£*OAA SALOON NEAB KEARNY ST.; DO-
»j O\7LF. Ing good busines: pool table and cash
register: 10 rooms nicely furnished; low rent- a
big bargain. PIERCE it CO.. 22 Kearny st.
JTHJR SALE— FAMILY GROCERY-STORE (NO
X liquors): established 16 years; large trade,
running three waeons: good reasons for selling;
capital required, about $4000: desirable proposi-
tion to Investigate; no agents. Address G., box
49. Call Office.
$9^o CIGAR-STORE: FINE CORNER;
*ip—tJ\J. fine fixtures and stock: no night or
sun. lay work. Near Postoffice and Appraiser's
building, SW. cor. Washington and Sansome sts.
$100 PARTNFR; GOOD PAYING BUSr-
w -*■'■-'"• ness; advertiser a butcher. 335 Vb
1-ourth st. v-4
ROFITABLK OPPORTUNITY IN LEGITI-
X mate cstabliahed busiuess for man with $*>000
prompt, cash. Address T.. box 15, this office.
A I DST BE SOLD BY FEBRUARY I—2 EX-
i v press-wagons; stand cor. bansome and Sutter
J. G. FREDERICKS, owner.
QALOON FOR SALE-GREAT BARGAIN-
O low rent. 734 Fourth st.
"lITOOD AND COAL YARD FOR SALE. IN-
" quire al 804 Montgomery aye.
CKSMITH'S TOOLS, WAGONS, KTC
-1J a!so building to be removed, at auction, on
\\ ednesday. January 15, at 2p. m. 337 Fifth st
corner of Clara. '
*< 2000 V ARTNEUinoII) - establisii
v , uv/> fruit, produce commission store; must
give reference. Address C. s., box 158, Call Office.
OHOESTORE IN SAN JOSE; ONE OF I!IF
O best-establis'ned shoe businesses in the State
!• or particulars inquire at Enterprise Paper Box
Pine^sta'r"* C °" Batttry 8t b3tl California and
I^IUST-CLASS CASH BUSINESS FOR SALF
X cneap on account of sickness; splendid oppor-
land ' callatont-e - BURG, 921 Broadway, Oak-
T IQVOR-STORE; GOOD BUSINESS- SELLS
XJ acooant sickness. 213 Third st.
(TV KN^ SALOON FOR SALE CHEAP; MUST
V^ be sold. Inquire 817 Kearny st. '
"L^OR GROCERY BUSINI s's o.\ MAIV
X" street. Oakland; stock new and well assorted- a
wars: bnBhed buai^^
y 1 HST-CL ASS Ah ° OS " KOR SALE; LOCA-
ON Al COUNT OF LEAVING FOR CRIPPI v
Creek my old-established The Moch^ Cafe v
for sale; a .aying business Is euaranteed with
cheap rent and long lease. Apply «21 Montgj^rJ 1
LMKST-CLASS SALOO.S AND LUNCHHOUSR^
J; a paying business for the right DartvAnni.
Enterprise Brewing Co^orget particulars 5 TavloT
B'; ST , SAI(|ON in potrero: 1108 kfv-
tuckyat.; sell cheap: near Union Iron Works
Fs'toc-'^'o"' n n^m rOUE XT"URES AND
-«- Btociv. $<o. 1111 Fillmore st.
T)APER ROUTE FOR S4T.F — xttt i^n v a dp
\Vr ANTED— A GOOD MAN WiTiTwOOCASH
u\£,*£si%3lsSEZ* "luorhouse. Address
cneap rent, o living-rooms. Apply Call Office.
Rr^ T «,»P HANT MARKET ST.; CHEAP: DIB-
-■^^ agreement partners; make offer. Apply 29 6th.
Ij-'OR SALE UR EXCHANGE-FIRST-CLASS
rTvo, *it? T saIoon : best location in city : established
ivnnirt ■ b. y ears : nne fixtures and large stock;
would like to exchange for ranch or city property.
Address H. F.. box 61. Call OlUce.
$h^9^ BRA NCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA-
!fj:. »-». tionery store: 4 living-rooms; rent $18;
no agents. 34H/; Finn st.
\Y A N TE D— PARTNER WITH SOME CAP-
rtrlp ltai, lady or cent in ll^ht paying business. Ad-
dress A. at. ROSS, P. o. box 1032, >an Jose, Cal.
$9y^v BRANCH BAKERY AND CHOICE
,i^i ' groceries; living rooms partly fur-
msned; a bargain. call at store. 921^2 Uowanlst.
.$. 100 KARE CHANCE FOR A YOUNG
't y, man : PfddUng route with general mer-
(-aanaise, etc., in i thriving country town near San
ranciMco; established five years; can be largely
increased; owner invalid. Address T., box 88,
this office.
BCSTNESS CHASCES-Cont»i»nd.
ATTEFTXON, LIQUORMEN. ~~~ ""
I J\. French liquor-store, corner. In Western Addi-
tion: establlsned years: mnst be sold In 3 days;
1 sickness: lixtures : etc., $500; stock at cost. Par-
[ ticulars 533 California st., Phoenix bar. WILKE.
&Rf\f\ GOOD-PAYING CORNER SALOON."
•ipDUv/. half block from Exnminrr office: uver-
i aVf daily receipts $25: or you can buy half Inten
with bartender; must s.-ll in 3 days; owners
I bought hotel. Inquire 533 California. Phcenlx bar.
C^7*^7i SALOOKfINi BUBINEE 1 CENTER^
♦j^DO"'. with lease: fixtures alone cost ?1200;
stock $300; must set! in 3 days; partners bought, a
ranch. Inquire 533 California st., Phoenix bar.
OLD ESTABLISHED COFFEE SALOON AND
restaurant for sale. Apply 223 Montgomery ay.
OOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
KX ment of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address R. I., box 43. 1 tii.s office.
~O *-? A f\ BOUTB FOR SALE; EVE.VIXi)
O\J\J\J. paper: pays Sl5O per month. Apply
this office. .
LODGI\(.-HO|;St:» FOB SALE.
A STENBERG CO., ■ ~
2\ . 632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
10 rooms: aunny corner: one floor $400
45 rooms: vicinity of Baldwin: transient 3250
! 16 rooms: 3 doors; north of Mark.' 800
i 30 rooais; owner 6 years: offer wanted 700
<2H CA 10-ROOM HOC--*E; CLEARING $40.
(Jl Ju. UEUKEK, 1206 Market st.
qij 91 A 10-ROOM HOUSE: GOOD LOCATION;
«Tr Z, I U . nparl y new.
18 rooms; best corner ln city 1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st 850
60-room hotel, with bar: 40 hoarders 3,500
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell 700
32 rooms to exchange for real estate I.BUO
10- room house: very central 250
$50,000 to loan on furniture,
H. c. DECKER, 1206 Market St., cor. Taylor.
ELEGANT FURNISHED HOUSE. 14 BUN-
ny rooms, for rale at $450: clears $40 over
rent. 824 Mission st.
HOUSE OF 32 ROOMS; ALL COMPLETELY
furnished; all rooms occupied; $1500. A., box
183. this office.
ODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE ON EASY
terms; no agents. J. B. BROWN, 330 Geary.
HOUSE, 72 ROOMS: MUST SELL; A BAR-
gain; owner weaving town. 307 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
WEEKLY CALL. Id v.ranner. for mailing.
I'UUNITUKK KOK SALE.
Sr KBASKyT FUBNITURE AyrD^BßJ^.
. ding: new folding-beds, S9andup: swp-iad-
ders, '2oc pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission St.
EDUCTION LARGE fJTOCK, NE \V AND
XV second-hand: 400 carpet«, good a.i new; oil-
cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 60: cornice poles, 25c;
ranges, $6: cash or installments; good* sulppe>l
Jree. T. K. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
OR BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND R-
ticles of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission st.
CAKPKTH, KTC.
T^URSfrTURE~FOR "saLeT~*~
J?
Three rooms furnished complete $47 50
Four rooms furnished in oak 80 CO
Roxbury Carpets (30 days only), laid 75
Brussels Carpets (30 days only), laid 45
Heavy Lino'eum (30 days only), laid 40
Floor Oilcloth (30 days only), laid 20
SHIREK ifc SHIREK. 1310-12 Stockton st.
CAKPEI CLEANING.
ETSirT^HT^ErCART-KT CLE A N CNG CO., 240
t) ♦ 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
PARPETS THOROUGHLY CLEANED AND
\J renovated game as new. 8. FERGUSON A
CO:, 23 Tenth nt. Telephone number, south 36.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. Sooth 250.
J MCQUEEN'S CA RPET BEATING AND KEN*
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
ATATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-"
JLi vatlng Works HAMPTON &BAILLV : layln?
and alterine. 313-315 Gnerrero: Tel. Mission 241.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beatin? Work 3, 353-7 Tehama: t«-i. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 3SS
\J Oold'-n Gate avp. : lelephoim pa.it 126.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. JETC.
OUR BARGAIN ROOM CONTAINS AN UP-
right for $70, and a splendid, large fine up-
rieht. excellent tcne, guaranteed for five years,
i price now $145: if you want a tine piano at a frac-
tion of what it is worth better see this at once. THE
J. DEWING CO., warerO';ms 2nd tloor Flood bid?.
PARTY VINO THE CITY IS OBLIGED
to sacrifice their elegant Chickenng piano. s c
It at room 10, 809 Market st. '
\ BEAUTIFUL STEINWAY PIANO MUST
-i-L be sold at once by party obliged to dispose of
It; a very low price will secure It. Room 21. Flood
building.
ALL cash AT ONCE W I LL secure an
-tx. upright piano for $65; now is your cbaucf
Room 10. Flood building. '
CONOVER PIANO; as GOOD AS NEW-
great sacrifice. The F. Vv\ SPENCER COM-
PANY, 33» Post st,
A BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
'Jllv. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ & CO.,
16 McAllister st.
"VTEW UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN. FOLDING
bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PIANOS— ~
X Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. 735 Market st.
<£"lAA LARGE, EASTERN MAKE. UP-
is)l.\J\J. right piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st.
C" "UIICKERING, KNABE, STECK, VOSE, STER~
V^' ling pianos; see our n-w piano i'ori£]B7: pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ <fc &ON. 16 O'Farrell.
REAT BARGAINS IN NEW AMD SECOND-
hand pianos at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st..S.F.
GREAT JiARGAI.N IN PIANOS. HORNUNG !
VJT Piano House, 216 Post st.
WmTg. BADGER MOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
rell, room 1, flr.it floor; take elevator; pianos
ond organs sold for cash or installments.
TyiCE UPRIGHT, SACRIFICED FOR $75
1> Rm. 10, 809 Market st.
. A .1 AONIFICENT PARLOR ORGAN; MUST
I*l sell; nearly new. 318 Devisadero st.
As OUR N EW B K NT CONTRACT PLAN
for sellinp pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it; please call and
have it explained. SHEIIMAN. CLAY <fc CO
corner Kearny and Sinter sts.
Ci!]7K CASH OB INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
<li)X I O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
ECKER BROS., STEIN WAY.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos; little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
EASY TERM3 LOW PRICES. KOHLER
-*-* tHASL.
piNE PIANO FOR SALE OR RENT CHEAP."
X i?CHMITZ.IC McAllister Hibernia Banlc
V RON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOH.MER,
XJ Newby it Evans, Briggs and other piano-i.
SuperiorTviolins, zithers, old&new
H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
oteFnway. $215: WEBKR, «36ft; SOMER,
SL??I2 ; Wily, V 25 > squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HtGU-
-i} grade 1. L. Neumann pianos for the holiday*:
pr.ces and terms moderate. U. LUEDERS, 8J
Isinth st.
TTAINES BKUS.' PIANO — A SUPERB IX-
XX strument, surpassing any piano that we ftav»
hitherto bandied: we invite a critical iuspectisn.
A. L. BANCROFT * CO.. 324 Post st.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent udssit
ln 6an Francisco. j. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market at.. Sprecltels bulldln*. iL
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS^THB
SEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mallint- _
FOB SALK-MISCELLAMiOL'S.
IfRESHHALF-BREifDJERM *> COW; BCILKS
X 4 gallons: gentle: cheap. 131 Folsom. _
"POR SALE— COW: CHKAI'. 615 NATOMA B V.
UOK SALK— 4 FINE BUFF COCHIN HENS
X nnd rooster, 5 Indian game bantams and
rooster, 1 Petaluma incubator and broooer; very
reasonable. Call at 3 Cleveland St., between FoU
som and Harrison.
pABINET-MAKER'S COMPLETE OUTFIT;
\J bench, tools, etc.; crystal chandelier. 1400
Van Ness aye.
I>AROUTFITS,MIRRORS.CASHREOISTERS7
±> aeales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
"VTICK EL-PLATED CUSHION TIRE RAM-
-L^ bier; only $10. 326 McAllister st.
p OLDEN GATE has ENGINE. APPLY TO
V 3" Browning A Bremer. gun Rtore, 820 Kearny st.
ABY CARRIAGf-S AND RATTAN ITHNl-
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing.
Sinset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell st., nea'
Stockton.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND BAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. 1 \lll"i>r-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
100 000 SKt:UXI> " HANL) BRlcinrdß
±\J\J.\J\J\J sale: second-hand lumber of all
kinds; cheap. Masonic aye. and Turk st Fif
teenth and Dolores. ■ ** .
"VTKW '95, STRICTLY HIGH GRADE $105
1\ bicycle, $40. 8.. box 79, Call. V UAUt< $105
MONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES *o"li
saia or given away. KAHN ,v CO., 220 Cal. St.
ELLOWS, ANVIL, V T ISE. TONGS SMAll
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st 7
I^IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
iciayit ' platform scales and desk; cheap. 102
NCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA, $25 KIXfiM
ola bookstore, 15 Fourth st. G
O N « E y^ALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
VJ fire and burglar proof safe. 231, 223 Market si
N t h N n V nH KA w°« < i 1t E AI>KR THA N SECOND-
-L1 hand. W. B. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
COUNTERS, SH ELVINTiT'sHbwCASE'i
\J bought and .old lian Marksi beuVihanTs;*HOUSES JTJU^£^KTj^_______^
1 OSES ST. B] S AND PACIFIC—
•I Ne:vt 2-story bay-window house; 8 rooms and
bath; rent low"io good tenant.
Bush, bet. "and raylor-Flne 3-story bay-
window house; 9 100 ms aud bath: rent low a
e< Gol!len a < n }ate aye.. bet. 1 vde arid Larkin—
b.'iy-window; 10 rooms and bath.
Apply to c. s. CAPP & CO., House Brokers and
Real Estate Agents. 413 Montgomery st.
OIQ PERRY ST. HOUSEOF4 rooms and
_1_ basement; n-nt -?12 :>0: water free. Apply
G. 11. UMBSEN CO. 14 Montgomery sU
TS IHI M ISSION. NICE SUNNY
1 flat of 5 rooms ami bath : Hat of 0 rooms, papered;
and 7-room house near fifth and Mission; rents
reasonable. Apply 1121 Market st.
I fPPEK PART OF HOUSE, 9 ROOMS; YARD:
U rent cheap. 236 Fell st-
OQ iTWBST nil: M-.\i: HAM PSHIRE-
_ O tj rooms and bath; yard: rent $lj^
TTOrSE 7 H«)OMS^BATH: LARGE YARD.
XX 1515 Jackson st.. between Larkin and Polk.
OUSE lof H ; BOO—STAND! BATH TO LET.
151 Minna st.
1 - 1 - BRODERICK CT^ NEAR SUTTKII —
|.)1.) House of 7 «"iiny rooms: b:ith. laundry,
basement -and yard : $2". :
7 CHEAPEST i HOUSE .IN CITY: :ti : ROO S ;
' ■ b;ith; modern; $-'0. 534 3 /a Valencia, near
I sixteenth.
9 y,i| GEARY— HOUSt il ROOMS AND
_ 11 baih: rent mable; key at "-'IT
tt O CSE,"\ 2225 POST-^6 BOO_S ANI) J BATH ;
IX basement; lar^e garden; stable: driveway.
l\Nl HOUSE OF 8 BOQMS;'_O___Kil_-
O provements, 7SO Capp st. : also house S rooms,
l^ath and stable; 107 Germauia st., near Fillmore.
?^q7\ reduced FROM $io: NICE MODERN
%^OU. o:;: of 8 rooas. Apply 13 Grant aye. ;
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia si.; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
CAVED— DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a house frum BALDWIN & HAM
MOND 10 Montgomery sr.
1 I i;M-:t 1 ii HOUSES.
■A^lrT H^^s7)MTr^KsTpE3<CE~~OF IS
' lar^e - any rooms, baths, storerooms, billlard-
room, etc.: beautifully furmsheti throughout:
large grounds: situatedon Nob Hill: surrounded
by elegant homes; long lease. DAVIDSON <fc
LEIGH, Agts., 137 Montgomery st.
- I ,- IJAKEU-IIANDsoMI-:
» '' " 1 furnished house; very reasonable to small
family; 10 to 4.
"URNITURE OF 8-ROOM FLATTvV'ITiI
1 piano, at a sacrifice: Hat 10 reiu: all rooms
sunny: $10. 19 Moss st.. after 7i' m.
COTTAGES TO 1.1 I
< 1 " ,2050 JON_CB_f:U2fIO2rfANS FIL-
%J)X<J. Bert; neat cottaae; 4 rooms and bath.
Apply to C. S. CAPP «fc CO., House Brokers and
Rfal'F.state Agents. 413 Montgomery st,
CiTTI COTTAGE: 3ROO_S;MAFii X COURT,
• LU. off Fourt< sr.. bet. (inerrt-ro and Do-
lores. Apply to ('. >. CAPP .■- CO.. 413 Monleom-
ery St.. House Brokers and Real Estate Agents.
C. . . 0 ROOM 3 AND
1 \-> bath: rent $25.
1 - - MASON— 4 ROOJIM CABLE LINE;
X t \JO $11 to steady ten— key at liouse.
Ql 1 - n SMALL COTTAI'SE, il TAY ST.,
O XX.OKJ. near cor. Clay ami Powel 1.
QQ "A CHEAP COTTAGE, 11 RUSSELL
• ■'••''. St., nr. cor Hyde and Union.
pOTTAGES. 4 AND P.OOMS: VNY: BAY-
\J window: plank basement: yard : -;irniture of 5
rooms for sale. 726 Fulton; ?] - and $15.
3T)77 PLEASANT COTTAGE OF B ROOMS
'_—'"• and Lath: larg- yard. S2B Capp st.
- SI'NNY ROOMS: LARGE GARDEN. BARN,
*J chicken-house. Thirtieth St., south of Noe.
OTTAGE. SROOMS AND BATH. FURNISH-
ed or unfurnished, ...-mi. 2.VJI McAllister st.
t FLATS TO LET.
<Tj shTa iTa^eT^tTT?et7~^vebster
•- XI. Fillmore; middle bay-window flat; i
ims and hath.
:23 50—2054 Jones and Filbert sts., SE corner;
8 rooms and bath.
Apply to C. s. (AIM* cV CO., House Brokers and
.Real Estate Agents, 41 Montgomery su
Uv FINE BOOUB WITH 2 BATHS: ON
J t: second &i d third floors: can he used together
or as 2 fiats; on Hayes St.. tet. Octavia and La-
guna : also 2 neat tiats, 5 rooms and bath each, on
Linden aye., bet. Hayes and Fell, Octavia and La-
cuna sts.; rent low to good tenants. Apply to C.
S. CAPP & CO., 413 Montgomery St., House' Brok-
ers and Real Kstate Agents.
v^l^ water Free! B rooms and
*2>XO« bath; all modern improvements: enam-
fifd bath, sink, etc.: Mission-st. cars pass door:
109 Chattanooga St., bet. Twenty-second and
Twenty-tlrm. Apply G. 11. UMBSEN
010 3167 GEA NEAR COOK— NEW
•^ 10. low flat, J rooms and bath: two wooks'
r.-nt frw to pood tenant. SHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE <fc CO.', 220 Montgomery st.
s^ly; 7-BOOM FLATS; CLOSETS, STOVES.
tJI.XO. water, dnmb waiter; all modern; at 956
' nio.-i St., ('akl.unt, near Adeline locsl station;
letter than any #30 cottace in Oakland. To let
by KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR RENT— A MODEKN FLAT OF 7 ROOMS
I and bath on southwest corner Devtaadero and
Oak Ms. ; yon.- desirable for physician or dentist:
rent reasonable to cood tenant. Inquire at 318
Ciay st., or >. STAUDE, 353 Devisadero St., be-
tween 4 and 7 o'clock p. m.
«i 1 { IO LET— 2 NEW FLATS: 5 AND 6
OX~r. rooms: yard and basement: electric cars
pass th»* d<x>r. K-enty-fourtb and Sanchez sts.
Q ] I LOWER FLATTo ROOMS; BATH. 420
V-l-ti Four.eenth St., near Valencia.
4 ROOM FLAT, 48 PARKER AYE.: RENT
?12. Inquire of A. MEYER, 'J303 Geary st.
IQ9 j BUSH^MIDDLE FLAT, 7 ROOMS
X ''—1 ai i bath; sunny; all modern Improve-
ments.
|> F.NTS REDUCED: ELEGANT NEW FLATS;
J» XX. cor. HaiEht and Scott sts.: 6 and 7 modern
sunny rooms: keys 202 scoct st.: go see them.
CENTER ,t SPADER, 30 itgomery st.
Q I 9 FLAT 4 ROOMS, HALL AND YARD.
•_ X_. 444 Clementina St.. near Sixth.
cjT't 1.-WEH KLAT, 6 BOOMS AND BATH.
*_•-•• 1027 Post St., bet. Polk and Larkin.
*)i *1 A SUTTER — MODERN BAY-WINDOW
— Uli flat: sun allday: yard front and rear; f 16.
ODERN NEW fLATS; 912 OAK >T.- 7 AND
S rooms; $27 50 and $30.
VICE FLAT; 6 ROOMS; $12. 1017 B Y ANT
-^ street.
Ql w FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
•- 1 " 1 Sanches st., corner Eigh tees
Ql " LOWER FLAIItK 4 ROOMS, BATH
OXO. and basement. 232 Vfc Nineteenth st.
Q9X FLAT: 1209~_uS_r5~ ROOMS, BATH;
*- —'>' bay-windows. Apply 1211b.
"YEW FLATS; JLATE - 1 LMPKO VEMKNTB;
XI rent reasonable; llSßernard. Call 1216Paciflc.
mN TOMA-FLAT, 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
basement; large sunny yard.
CUNNY UPPKR FLAT: 6 BOOMS, BATH AND
0 basement. 396 Waller St., cor. Fillmore.
< j 9 3 rooms; ba rurToo thirteenth
<?-* — - St., near Valencia.
] > - O HEIGHTS — SUN 3 upper
J flat: 6 rooms, reception hall; open plnmbing:
electric gas lighting; fine view; separate entrance
Sacramento ami Laurel sts.
C UNNY UPPER FLAT; ALL MODERN IM-
tirovements: bay-window. 714 Ridley st.
I j ' . i'KK F1..V1 "OF * XICXC L Kji
•~ 1 1 • rooms. 40M Oa
CDNNY FLAT 3 ROOM 8; GARDEN; ALSO
_Q_one 4 rooms, bath: Pl3andfl& 170BPostst.
YEW SUNNY FLAT; OAST BO CABLE"
-' 5 rooms, bath; .$l4 , : 0. was $20; water free-
vro photograph. S. D. HOVE Y. 508 California st!
L-I.AT ! PPEB j I.Af OF 4 SUNNY BOOMS
J and bath: 1262 Kisfhteenth «. : rent $13: new
building. BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND. 10 Mont-
gomery 8L
L L AT : 6 ROOMS ; BATH : YARD ; BASEMENT.
r 327 Haisht st.
9C|7^.'OfrwTKSTER-sl-NNY FLATS OF 6
— ''I and 7 rooms; newly renovated; rent reas-
onable.
TTPPER FLAT; 27 SHOT WELL ST.; 6 ROOMS
l~» handsomely papered; bath; basement: quiet
home for old people; $23; water free. Apply down- I
stairs.
"© 1 C FLAT OF 6 LARGE BUN 5 V HUOMS !
♦£>Xcl. and bath; water free. 814 Nineteenth
Bt., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
<j" FLAT OF 6 LARGE sunny kooSis
•ipXt/. and bath: water free. 25 Ford «'.., bet.
teentfa and Eighteenth, Noe and Sanchez.
L LEO ANT NEW FLAT.-*, SEVENTH ST., BE-
xLd low Bryat t, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: «8 to 16.
AVED-DOLLAKS, DIMES a 5 NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWIN _ HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
pHE APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
rnir-d States or Canada one year for $1 50, post- j
lire free. I
HOL'SKKJJKI'I.VG KOOMs.
Anthony Street.
8 ANTHONY - HOUSEKEEPING; N I.C
sunny rooms.
__________ .
~ ErU Street.
- f> ERIE-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR HOU3E-
<J\J keening: rent reasonable.
1 ifth street.
J.9QI FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
i"—Oa kitchen furnished ' complete for house-
keeping.
I ir»t Avenue.
4.91 FIKSI AYE.! iaCHMOND — LARGE
-I—.X room for lieht housekeeping.
J'ulsoni Street.
1 I 1 "i FOLSOM. s\V.( OR. LA NGTON— 3 CON-
J LIO nectin; umurnished housekeeping rooms;
rent $11.
JKourtk .Street.
'"I O FOURTH ST.— 3 NICELY FURNISHED
01,0 noubeteeping rooms; Irs up.
HOPSKKEEPIXG ROOMS - Continued,
l'ulton Street^ "~~™~
mr D I. ton _ LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
1 .1 \J room; yard and water: cheap
tieary St. vet.
] Cjl 7 GJSARY — PARLOR, BEDROOM,
 yf- ' diumg-rooni, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
z beds: all necessaries; $24.
(loltleu Gate Avenue.
] 009 i.im:n OATE AYE.-SUNNY FUR- |
a.\j\j<j nished front and back parlor or single
room; private family; with or without board. "
Harrison Street.
lfilO HARRISON, NEAR TWELFTH - 5
-*- vyj sunny housekeeping rooms; rent $10.
Hayes Street.
°iO,R ? AYES -- LARGE UNFURNISHED
*J\Ji-> nonsekeeplng rooms; rent reasonable.
Howard Street.
749 HOWARD st.— large SUNNY FUK-
-1 nished housekeeping; cheap; also Si " gle
room; $1 weefc up.
I OK4. 1 h (| WARD-2 NICE SUNNY FUR-
x\j\ji-4 uished housekeeping rooms.
ni}O\ HOWARD — TWO LARGE AIRY
ii-Uroom-i; furnished complete for house-
keeping; in American family; will rent cheat) to
quiet, sober people.
1 14 9 HOWARD - - LARGE FURNISHED
.1. A 1— housekeeping rooms; range; rent Sio-
also unfurnished.
Hj-xle Street.
OAQ HYJJE ST.— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
VvJU rooms, suite or single: price moderate.
1 090 i IYD F - SONNY FURNISHED
XU—.U housekeeping rooms; good locality $lo
to desirable parties. T"
Jessie Street.
OKA JF.ssie-a FLOOR OF 8 NICE ROOMS;
\JO\J yar.l and cellar; rent $12.
Larkin Street.
J9Q LA X I N-FURN ISHK I) ROOMS LIGHT
__jt/ housekeeping; single and suite.
A OO LA BKIN-N EATLY FURNISHED BAT \
•JOO window rooms; housekeeping; reasonable.
31isslon >treei.
QAIJ M SSION - NICELY FURN ISHED
Oil sunny rooms; complete for housekeeping.
1 (\'\ i MISSION— IiAKGK PJ&ONT ROOMS.
XfJnJO complete for housekeeping; also others.
19 1 I 1 IssiON -4 CONNECTING ROOMS
X_ XJ. completely furnished; gas: private-'
reasonable.
Moss Street.
1 q Moss. OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH—
X t.> '£ furnished rooms for housekeeping.
O'J-arrell Street.
A O 7 O FA RELL-LARG E. P L E A S A. N T.
i*J i sunny room, furnished for housekpng; $10.
rixtli Street.
IOA SIXTH — TWO OB THREE ROOMS
J_\J furnished for housekeeping; private family.
FiAl 1 SIXTH— 3 SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
*-'"- -2 nished for housekeeping.
Stockton Street.
711 PTOCKTON ST.-SUNNY FURNISHED
• XX rooms for housekeeping; $12 per month.
1 7(V-i STOCKTON— 2 ROOMS, ISHED
X I \.'*J complete for housekeeping; rent $10.
Taylor Street.
IAQ TAYLOR— PLEASANT BACK BOOM,
X\JO suitable for light housekeeping; .*•_' 25 er
week.
Third Street.
IJO THIRD— HOUSE KEEPING
X"1O rooms: complete; front first floor?* bath : gas.
C-J Q THIRD, COR] SOUI'H PABK. — FUR-
*JX i/ nished housekeeping rooms.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE-
Iv furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
' WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
aae free.
BOOMS TO LEX.
Carlos Place.
I 9 CARLOS. OFF O'FARRELL, NEAR POW-
<-' — Furnished front room, for 2, $8; single, $4
i and S5.
1 — — — _____
>-cldy Street.
•Ton EDDY— FURNISHED DOUBLE ROOMS
OfiK' from s?6 up; room with grate.
l.ighth Mreet.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
OOA ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNT
<JOU front suite or single room; grate and gas.
El O ELLIS— SUNNY ALCOVE ROOM; HOT
OxO running water; and single rooms; batli.
Jifth Street.
IA 7 FIFTH — PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
XV' I rooms to let.
09- FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED $5 TO $8;
•-*_ also unfurnished .*l' to f7.
Fillmore Street.
9AQ FILLMORE, NR. HAIGHT-NTCE FUR-
yJ'J nished room and bath with pleasant family
for lady or gentlemen.
Folsom Street.
1 QAOa FOLSOM — UNFURNISHED PAR-
lOl'u lors; part use kitchen.
Geary Street.
JQQ GEARY, COR. TAYLOR— OF 3
tOO connecting corner rooms; all sunny ;adapted
for doctor's office; furnished or unfurnished.
791 GEARY— NICELY FURNISH ED FRONT I
1-1 alcove room; running water; reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
Ol Q GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
_X«7 sunny double and single rooms; reason- I
able.
'JOA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SINGLE AND
*JO\J double sunny rooms for gentlemen; private;
S6 to $10. '
Gough Street.
n9A GOUGH— SUITE OF ROOMS;
— ■" furnished or unfurnished: references.
lioward Street.
I(\± HOWARD, NR. THIRD-FIXELY FUR-
I vf _ nished front rooms, en suite Or single; also
housekeeping.
Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
£d\J % management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to S3O.
Kearny street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY-PLEAS-
J\- ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; nrstclaai
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Langton Street.
flj A A NICEL V FURNISHED FRONT
•j^f . O\J . room, with German family. 132y 3
Langton st. i
fll arket Street.
"Y'OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET, BET.
X fcixta and Seventh— Single and suites: per
night, 35c to $1 : w«k, $1 50 to $5: families
1 XAQ MARKET — NICE SUNNY UXFUR- i
XtJUO nished rooms, suitable for offices. j
1 C 971 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED ;
J.t>_ I 2 rooms, single and housekeeping; pri- j
vate family. ;
M;i-nn Street.
J1 7 MASON— (CHANGED HANDS) SUNNY;
'ill front suites, suitable for doctor's oflice.
.Minna Street.
CiCiAX MINNA— A NICELY FURNISHED '
UUtta front room: rent very cheap.
(*C*J MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— FUR- i
UUI nlshed bay-window rms: week; transient. |
3!i«e>inn Strewr.
GRAND SOUTHERN — SE. COR. 7TH AND i
VT Mission, reopened ; thoroughly renovated ;sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished -.single or en suite;
Statiouury wasbstauds and running wat*r in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
7£O MISSION— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
I UD for respectable couple.
O'l'arrell Street.
Xf\A_ O'FARRELL — NEWLY FURNISHED I
•Jv/'or sunny: running water: electric lights: ref. '.
Folk Street.
1 7 POLK— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; i
X I or single; $5 up; also housekeeping.
Fowell Street.
99q POWELL— SUNNY FURBISHED ROOM
_— O for gentlemen: rent $10.
i:.4ii-.<-ii Street.
QQ RAUSCH— NICE SUNNY ROOMS; FIT
•>•» for I families; good location; low rents.
South l':uii.
1(\ SOUTH PARK— WELL FURNISHED A
X\j rooms, $13 ; single room, 55.
Seventh Street. r /, . : .
1 Q7 SEVENTH — FURNISHED ROOMS $1
XO I week up; also housekeeping and transient.
Stockton Street.
J 1 7 STOCKTON— LARGE FURNISHED SUN- j
Jl I ny front room, 8: single, $6; 2 unfurnished. I
I Ql A STOCKTON— SUIT SUITABLE I
XOX _ doctor or dentist; uicely furuistied ; cheap. I
THE SAN FRAIS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1896.
ItOOaiS TO LET— Continued.
Taylo iStreet. ™"™
r.9<> TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
i.'_ _ rooms: new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectab!*.
7AQ TAYLOR— SUNNY FRONT ROOM; NICE
I v(J for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
LARGE BUN N FRONT ROOMS, NEWLY
furnished, with hot-water baths. 1149 Taylor.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET— ONE LARGE
room; $7.
T9O TENTH— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
| X— .O rooms from $5 up; private house.
lliirrt Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
>» Market: most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night ; SI 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room reading r'm ; free bus.
pOLNON HOUSE, THJ SINGLE AND
\J en suite, light housekping. $5 up; brick bid, 3rd.
Turk Street.
I 1 f\ TUR K - ELEGANT SUITE; SUNNY
XXU parlors; nnfurnished or furnished to order;
board optional.
OTq TURK— SUNNY FRONT ROOM, FUR-
<-)-! ** nished or unfurnished.
hxAO TURK— SiTNNY SINGLE ROOM WITH
<J JiO bath; private: $5.
I. wenty-Second Street.
Ol - 5 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
tiPXU. bath; water free. 528 Twenty-second st.,
cor. Capp.
Van >ess Avenue.
99A VAN X FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
) — " board; suite or single.
31iscel laneous.
HA X DSOMELY FURNISHED. FRONT
J-X suite rooms, private house, to desirable per-
■ sons; board or breakfast if desired; neighborhood
best. Address 11. M. BURT, Station A, P. O.
BttAKUlKti iM> ICOO3IS.
TFYOU WAN! a PLEASANT SOME CALL
X at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush st.; the Winder-
mere; references required.
p OOD HOME, BOARD AND ROOM, IN GEB
VJ" man family: reasonable. 208 Seventh st.
09^ EDDY— HOTE 1 . NORMANDIE; SUNNY
*-*— 'L? sing.c rooms; table board : teims reasonable.
HL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references gtven and required; allmod-
ern conveniences. __^
Clfi_l>RKN IiOAKDKI).
GOOD HOME FOB AN INFANT: TEBMS
moderate. 1014 Jackson st., bet. Powell and
Mason. -.-■;:
STOUKS TO LET. "
T~B I_^r^TOß^r^A^^^D^__TUß_3;
tt cheap rent. 23 Clementina; key upstairs.
\ ; IFORNIA LARKIN— THREE INI:
\J stores in that tine building on the southeast
corner, suitable for barber-shop, confectionery or
bicycle-store; an offer desired. A. J. RICH CO.,
reul estate agents, 112 Montgomery st.
OTORE TO 1.1. r; 20x30. 140 MINNA ST.
rpo LET — SPACE FOR LOCKSMITH AND
X electrician iv hardware store. Corner Polk and
Sactamento sts.
qtukk, 16x26] handy fob OFFICE OR AN V
► small business; One show-window; cheap rent.
316 Leavenworth St., neur Ellis.
BASEMENT TO LET CHEAP. COR. FIRST
J-> and Market sts.
I?OR RENT— LARGE FRONT OFFICE AND
; — part of st.-.rp. 221 und 223 Market st.
OFFICKS TO LET.
! T^lNE^T^^_i_^crr^T^LEG^NYliUNNY
! X liftt of 6 very large rooms; bath, etc.; arranged
for office and livins-rooms; on Post st., overlook-
Ing Union Park; '_• blocks from Kearny; long lease
and part of furniture for sale; very cheap rent.
Address J. E. S., box 115, this office.
91 7 GEARY— PARLOR FLOOR; BUITABLE
—.X I for business; key at 217 1 ...
■yiREE RENT (V 2 MONTH) given <;ood
X I tenants; cottages, flats, |5 np. SPECK CO.
002 Market st
i/I.K'.ANT offices in new SPRECKBLS
XJ building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
cnarpe for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
»t building or '.;. I!. UMI'.SF.X A: CO.. 14 Monte- st.
fcbllAl IOJSAL.
TH E~ LEADING B^oItT^A^B^COLLEGE:
X individual instruction; four months' course.
Ay res' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
ELIIC MELVILLE WILL RECKIVE A
J-J limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
Ing. 2800 Webster st., cor. of Washington.
trsTmelville-snyder removed
-l-'i- to 520 Sutter st.; teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution; ladies ana
I frentlemen coached in opt-rniic, Shakespearean and
j other plays: appearances arranged.
SPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
O tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month; also painting academy, Mowers specialty.
3 lessous week. $3 month; translations, >pani«ii,
I- rench, English. 1170 Market st.. room 37.
TTOCAL EACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM
> proves and beautifies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
"nRENCH.SPANISH.ETC. PROF.DeFILIPPE'S
X Academy of Languages; 320 Post; estah. 1871.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
i-U st.— Board. English. French, piano, dancing.
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. '2: kindergarten coach.
1 r NGHBH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENG-"
-i lish literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
724 o'Fairell st.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY ■
class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1284Bnshst.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on Stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVJL. MINING, ME-
chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. '64. VAN DEB NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
CTUDENTS PBEPABBD FOBTHEUNJ
0 slty, law and medical colleges; dayand evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
j O OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.,
X> Berkeley. Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. A., Principal.
■\MOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
♦ taught. Prof. L. MERK.I. 226Geary 'jeasonaMe
TNDrVTDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X Ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
PaNISH. FRENCH.GERMAN; EBATJ_
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell at
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
j typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V IGHTSCUOOL;UEALD'SBUW. COLLEGE; 24
X> Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low i-a;e«
"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045y 2 Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
" J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
AN FKAN( 0 BUSINESS COLLEGE, 123ti
Market: send for cat.; dny and evening session.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
J\. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
M_l>iCvl_.
ALL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
airy time; travelers helped once; home In con-
I fluement; French pills guaranteed; consult free
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
RB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
i charge; separate home, for patients; best skill;
I medical attendance: low fees; - regulator, $•/
I 1370 Market. ' |
L_JX_ES— ■ CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the besf
; safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c, stamps far
particulars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by ruturn
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Company
Philadelphia. Pa. 7l
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT Ri-f
lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause* by the most experienced ladies' physicians j
Id San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved '
I method, superior to others: ladies will save time '
! and money, be assured of honest treatment by '
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
I patients who have been imposed upon are spe- !
I cially invited; home in confinement: treatment
warranted : advice free, confidential. DR. and MRS. I
DA VIKs, 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, tNSTRU- !
menls or worthless pills used ;• every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat- '
ter from what cause; restores always iv one day !
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's :
physician :knowledge can be sent and used at home- j
allcasesguaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. i
LADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE RKOULa"
Xj ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail- I
$1 per box. VVIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Kill* at.'
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents. '
I R. MALL. I 4 MCALLISTEB sil'.KKl, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children.
ASL'RE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; eatlsfaction euar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
DITpRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and eihclent emmenagogue; $1 per box.
BiCHAP.DSACO., druggists. 4U6 Clay St., sole ag"ts.
\HUME,, A FRIEND a.N MOTHER'S CARE.
JTV MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
\jl'.S. DR. WEGENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
i»J confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills .$'J. 419 Eddy st.
"X LPE AU'S FRENCH PILLS, A BOOH TO
il ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure: $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
X see Mrs. Dr. Pnetz and be content. 254 V 4th. ;
f,\ I. DIKG AM> LOAN ASSOCIATION
/CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN AS
\J sooiation— Home office, 2'J"2 Sausome St., s,. F,
General aa vings it loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres. ;
Oliver Eldridge V.IT.; VV Corbin, Bec_ Gen.Mao i
i E
PERSONALS.
Malssabet caldwell, Calvin wab>
iVL RELL or heirs, please communicate with W
H. GRAHAM, room 8, 632 Market at.
DENTIST, WHO HAS TRAVELED EXTEN-
sively in South America, knows the language
and customs of the country, about to revisit a cele-
brated gold-mining district, would like a com-
panion; one who understands mining in all its
branches preferred ; a ographer, or an Ameri-
can who could take a stock of good jewelry,
watches, etc, would do. For particulars call on or
address 619 Grove st.
Mbs. M. h. OBER, HEADQUARTERS ok
Ypsilanti Lnion Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figu-es
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits: great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Gear}- at., San Francisco.
"VriSSS DAIS V HAAKE STARTING A MIL-
-1»X linery c.ass at her home, 14 Chattanooga st.,
bet. Twenty-iirst and Twenty-se<rond; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
7- beat" reductions IN PHOTOGRAPH S
VJ at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearnv
St.. NE. cor. Pine; full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
I?OB ALL I KINDS S OE"J CAEPENTEBiWORi£
-T get my estimates. ALBEItTSON, 4ly 2 Eddy st.
A GNES-WH DIDN'T YOU GO LAST
-~V night? Got my hair dressed at C. LEDER-
ER'S parlors (successor to lime. Spitz), Stock-
tonst.: receivea best attention; was sururlsed at
price: only 25c; to-night sure. BESS.
I^OR PAB3AGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT TO
the new gold mines in Alaska apply to C D
LADD, 9 Third St., San Francisco.
DX ESSJJ AICI M , BUSIN V. r~CENTH ALLY
J-'located; for sale cheap. D.M., box 53, Call Office.
A DVICE" FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
-^». laws a specialty, suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Conns: terms reasonable: collections etc. G
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
PICTURE FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
JL glass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12 15c-
11x14 and 12x16, 20c; 16x20, 30c: 20x24 45c'
JONES. 6*7 Mission st.
TMPORTKD HAVANA, KEY WEST AND
i- high-crade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar,
1627 Devisadero St.. near Sutter.
1 EGYPTIAN HENNA, $1; HAIRDYE. PER-
-iJ fectly harmless. LallJ<ley-^lichael.■^ (-o.; all
chemists; Hnbbard's 923. Hauptli's. 1156 Market.
L/'OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TOaT
J? BTRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PABTINGTON'S 3CHO OF MAGAZINE
J- and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday.
January 6. Jor particulars address or apply 424
Pine st.
COME.HAVI: YOUR FEATHER BEDS, I'll,.
lows Blled. 870 Mission, cor. oth. O. McCABE.
"Cj | A RUOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
'1 floor. 206 Leavenworth s.
ELECT Kit LIGHTS IN BVBRY ROOM—
J Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: Iree bus to and from the ferry.
OtiN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-829
«J Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Gran; aye.,
where the oest of coal can bo had at lowest prices.
ONE MORE CUT— "
Oak Roll Top Desks. $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak EedSets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleumt 30c up
Stoves and Ranges $ 3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission st.. above Sixth.
T IBERAI* ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
Ju elry.etc: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
"1 AAA BUSINESS CARDS, .$1 stl: TELE-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." HILL. Market.
UITS MADE TO ORDER OF EI,K(iANT
remnants for $10; samples and self-measure-
ment on application. LEON LEMOS, Merchant
Tailor, 1332 Market St., San Francisco.
ECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, sheivings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, et<\, and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices tx>-
I lore going elsewhere. J. NOOXaN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLui
store fixtures, doors, windows^ lumber, pipe,
cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
C=l O SUITS" 1" ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
'^-i— NKl'llAl s. Merchant Tailor, 115 Kearny.
CLOAKM, ' API-.s AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' cost. Factor-.-. 20 Sansome St.. upstair?.
OLD GOLD, fclLVEli. QENTB AND LADIE3'
clothine boueht. OOLMAN. 41 Third s'_
A WEEK'S N BWB FOR 6 CENTS — THE
■j-'Y. WEEKLY CA1.1,. In wrapper, for mailing.
DKESSMAKEKS.
DRESSES 92 AND I'l'. WRAPPERS 35c AND
u;>. 60534 Natoma St., upstairs.
r>RADLEY, 313 GEARY ST. — ELEGANT
U> stylish suits made, $5 up; dresses made over.
DRKSSEI CUT AND FITTED, $3; DRESSES,
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st.
DUITS B3; SKIRTS 76c: CHILDREN'S suits
* 81 up. 559 sievenson st. ; fit guaranteed.
LOST.
1 .-r-GoT^FILTErr^Ts^WAIrHT^INT-
XJ tlai« OTi face. M. T. A.: diamond settiur on
back; fob, chain and charm; at I'reslilio or on
Jackson si., bet. seventh and First ayes. M. T.
1 ALLIMAN. Troop 1, Fourth Cavalry, Presidio.
LOST—A YOUNG DOG fOR] \t DANE),
black and brown striped. 2306 Howard st.
LIGHT GRAY ENGLISH PUG DOG; N-
Btvera name Tony: reward. 1812V2 Geuryst.
LOST-GOLD HAIRPIN. 1 I.NDJJI RETURN
to 811 noward st., and receive reward.
I OST— DARK BROWN SPAXIEL DOG. LIB-
±-i eral reward Eighteenth and shotwell sts.
ONEY, BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE !
yJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
L'nitPd States or Canada one year forsl 50, post-
"tgo free
ULAIBTOI AM>.
M^^SiETlpoTiT^^rriiiTeAiß^R^ATrElC^LA^
returned; ladies 60c; gentlemen .$1 ; clairvoy-
ant sittings SI 50. 126 Turk st., near Jones.
A ME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
i'l great clairvoyant and card-reader: seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned 10
her old rooms in san Francisco; ladies and gents
60c. 917 Market St., parlors 9 and 4.
MRS. RYNERSON. WORLD-FAMED L<>
cater of mines and minerals. Room 20. 148
Sixth st,
PRESENT, AND FUTURE, 25c. MME
■1 LEGGETTE, 311 Tehama at., near Fourth.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5, 865y 3 Market.
MME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
■I'-L past.present and future ;26o up. 764 Howard st.
ROF. LEON, THE RENOWNED PALMIST
clairvoyant: wonderful power; convinces you
when others fail. 533 Post, 9to 8; also Sunday.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
>r by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; ccnsultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advico: sure
help: restores lost love by «vrupa.thy ; mistake ira-
posslble; fte 9.1: letter tjt. 929 Post at., nr. Larkin.
AUGU-TA LEOLA. KOKTVNK " TELLER;
magic charms. lov>? tokens; true picture of
futnre wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
pLAIRVOYANT — CARD READING, 60&
\J 406 Octavla st. : formerly 128 Turk st.
spiritualism.
mlT?ull?:n:"circ'le to^nioTht, 'b to 9:
_ 10c; sitting dally. 865y Market st., room 10. |
WHITING CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 25c. MMF.
M YOUNG, 605 McAllister st., skeptics invited, j
11-ME. RAVENNA, SITTINGS DAILT:
J.U. names given, 25c up: systems taught to play
races and sure tips given. 828 Howard.
GYPSY MEDIUM; CHARMS GIVEN FREE;
readings 60c gents $1. 1003 Mission St.. r. 1.
VfISS MELVINA; CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE
-"A picture of future husband or wife. 7B6V«How-
ard st. I..-.:..*.- * **
DR. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 697 Ellis st.
A WONDERFUL POWER OVER DISEASE;
- »- Mrs. Dr. W. Marandas' revealed medicines:
never fail In rheumatism, paralysis, fits and all
nervous, disf-uses, etc.; if you cannot call and seek
this wonderful medium write and inclose a lock of
hair and $1 for correct diagnosis of your disease; I
true life rpudimr. 152 iy a Market St., Opp. Van
Ness aye., san Francisco, CaL
\fRS. .1 7 J.~\V HlT.m:v, CLAIRVOYANT
-t'» trance medium : sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
attorneys-at-law.
a dvici: Free- divorce and "Trobatb i
xx laws a specialty; suits, Snperior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable;' collections, etc,
O.W.HOWE, an p y-at-law, 850 Market.cor.Stocltton ''
rp .1. MURRY, A'iTY ANircOUNSELOR AT
J- • law; advice fref>> L' 4 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
W W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY -AT-LAW
»' « California »t.. rms. 14-16: advio frea.
—————____„
PHYSICIANS.
T)R^inirLlc^iirp!iYliix^ i
mver,ity Tnrin.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt |
\] RS. DR. parlow, IROPODIST. 126
-I'J- Kearny, rm. 47, hrs. 11 to 5; res. St. Nicholas.
OEMOVJ'JD— Di:. C. C. O'DQNNELL TO 1206
Xt Market st. : diseases of women specialty.
BIGfULIS,
nriNDSOB BIOYI LEsT KTRIOXLT " HIGH
" grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
mKSKS^ A. L. BAN-
PARK CYCLERY— WHEELS TO LET
-1- best accommodations. Terminus Geary. Mo-
AllUter and Powell st. car lines. .
FINANCIAL. ~7
ANY SIM OK MONEY ADVANCED ON i
-TX your furniture, pianos or I real estate: lowest ]
rate; call and state your proposition or write: ODea I
evenings. J. n:OO>'AN, 1031 Mission su |
CITY KKAL ESTATE.
PROPERTY WANTEiTfOB? CASH— A RESI-
X dence at $8000 to $10,000, between Pierce, De-
visadero, Sacramento and Pine sts. Address P. O.
box 2240. ,
O YOU WANT CASH FOR ANY LOIS OR
blocks between First aye. and the ocean,
Richmond: we guarantee highest prices; no aelay;
we build you v home, advance sufficient money
that you can buy a lot and build a home and pay
only 6 to 7 percent interest; no installments or
building and loan societies; tliey.are a failure; be
sure and investigate our plan. RICHMOND
LAND, LOAN AND IMPROVEMENT COM-
PANY, 24 Montgomery St.; Richmond office, cor. ■
Point Lobos aad Fifth ayes. '
T OT 25x127:6 ON 15TH AVE..BKT. D AND
J--i C sts., Richmond Tract, cheap; must be sold;
party going away. For paniculars Inquire at 1805
Mission st.
fl» 1 WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
fl $100— Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 2rixloo: #1 weekly: sewered.
•*H2S— LOt 25x100; $1 60 weekly; wacailamlzed.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— 24x100: VI weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
stutiou, Berkeley.
SOAAIF SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT IS
—.\J\J worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash or installments; title insurance; see
owner at once. 9 Powell St.. room 3.
PACIFIC HEIi »HTS— GOUGH. NEAR BROAD-
J way, No. 2420: new house, contains 8 rooms
and all improvements; 7500; easy terms; house
open.
HOUSES TO $275 A ROOM, CALL
J-L ai'.d examine plan*. 1149 Mission st.
"[EXTRAORDINARY BAKGAIX. "
-TJ PRICE $5600. PRESENT INCOME, $50.
SHOULD BRING £75 A MONTH.
I Elegant 4-story fine building on beavy brick
| foundation; containing 16 main b3autifully fin-
isi:ed rooms, 20 closets, 11 marble man tell and
grates, 4 bathrooms, dummy waiter, elevators,
Speaking-tubes, bay-windows front and r> ar. man-
sard roof, new plumbing, sidewalk, sewer and
street work good and corhplete: the 23x27 :6-foot
lot has open paved alley in rear; In first-class con-
dition; 5 minutes' walk from Market and Kearny.
;.--: ' :•■■: N. D. SICKKIiS,
TnE
LAND AGENT,
318 Post st..J>eu Stockton ana Powell, City.
pOTTAGK JTJBT COMPLETED; »8600; EASY
\J terms; Shotwell St., near 17lh; 5 rooms, bath, j
gas; eleu'ant mantels, shades: tiled sink; al! mod-
ern; open daily. E. P. E. TROY, owner, 301 Cali-
fornia st.
TTtOR SALE OR TRADE— I6O-A< BE GRAIN
j 1? ranch: all fenced; comfortable buildings; near
Tipton.Tulare County: price $6000. PHILBBICK
<t CO.. 2548 Folsom. near Twenty-second.
VKW ILOUSE: 5 ROOMS AND ANTE; MOD-
Xi crn improvements; Jersey st.: nr. Douglass,
Apply WM. PLANT, cor. 241 ii and Douglass.
I AKEVIEW LOTS; NEAR NEW ttACE-
JU track; low prices: easy terms. THE MCCAR-
THY CO.. 646 Market st.
o>"| O flfin SOLID S-STORY RESIDENCJK;
tJIj.UUU. 727 Golden Gate aye.; lot 25x
137:6. This is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Billiard-room ; frescoing, etc. Open
for Inspection.
COI>TKY REAL. KSTATL.
j T^DwTN^rALSIFXcO^
REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE A SPECIALTY.
"VTO. 84-S4000; 25 ACRES CHOICE VALLEY
-Li lard, Alameda Count 15 acres full-bearing
vineyard; 1 acre orchard ; 9 acres vegetable land:
on main county road; bouse 4 rooms; good barn;
line well water; will also exchange Rt $4600.
Tj-IORSSSOO— A GENTLEMAN'S HOME OF 20 !
1 acres: good house of 6 rooms, barn, chicken- ■
house; 12 acres ia fruit; 6 acres In vineyard ; 1
mile from Sebastopol; this is a very nice piece of :
property, and wants to seen to be appreciated; :
terms very reasonable, and a small payment down ;
will purchase it, and ample time on balance. [
VERY LITTLE CASH REQUIRED AS FIRST
payment; 20 acres near Merced, with 7 acres i
in fruit. 7 acres in vineyard and the balance al- '
falfa^and; all under irrigation: good 8-room
house, oarn. chicken-house, etc.; fine well of water-
good locution: price 941 00.
Apply to EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
No. 9, Hotuuda, Mills build
_ San Francisco.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY,
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young oranjre groves in tracts of 5 acres
( and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
! and a half miles from Oakdale, the nrincipal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on between
StocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and tu<s property lias a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to soil portions of the property
eilher unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
j Bloods. Th«f property is under the immediate
I direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
I who nas received diploma* and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for tne orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
: drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
nfTor'is excellent sport sor hunters.
Prices for land. Including a rwrpetual water rl<;ht
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
; proved land witn fully paid up wa'.er rlrhts. $70
■ per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable ia
; »i.x annual payments, without Interest; title per-
: iect and liberal discount for CM i.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dresa
ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MarKet Street.
nan Francisco. CftL
Or T. KNE WING, our representative,
Oakdale. CaL
, ~~~" \
\ 162 ACRES 2*4 MILES WEST OF YOUNT-
-*-x ville: fine trout and salmon stream; good
roads: plenty of timber; only $15 per acre.
Four ai-rr s to 20-acre tracts; best land on earth;
in the city of Santa Rosa; ordinary ranch prices-
your own time.
HUGH SHIBLS. 602 Market, Crocker building.
i\i\i\ AtT.KS IN BAN LUIS OBIS TO COUNT V 7
\J\J\) all level; p!euty of water; good range; very
desirable for stock; will trade for business in city
or city properly. G. s., Eureka Delivery. 1146
Missiou st.
A 70-ACRE HILL CHICKEN RANCH; 25
-fv acres cultivable: 200 cords firewood: a miles
from school; 5 from town: lovely shade trees; a I
sightly, pretty place: $500; half" cash. D. H. !
TWING, SonomaCity. Inquire 632 Market si.,S. F. [
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— 24O ACRES; 200
-C level. 60 clear; nice orchard assorted fruits;
plenty of wood and water: good dwelling, barn,
etc.; nearly all fenced: close to large town: 10 !
hours from city: $3000; part cash, balance nn
time: will trade for city property or good business. i
C. 8., box 77, this office.
\fARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
-t-'-L fi oin San Francisco
Rancbo de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , iio irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75oeracre; terms made
to suit; send for circular. ;
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. :
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
I TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
1 years' credit. J). H. TWING. Sonoma City.Cai.
END FOR OUR lIS ORCHARD HOME-J
O for sale. WOOSTER A \VI! ITTON. San Jose. |
SMALL ADVERTISEMENTS AND SUBSCRIP-
-0 tlons taken at Caix ßranch Office, 717 Larkin
st., 339 Hayes Bt. and 2518 Mission st.; open till
9:30 p.m.
TO EXCHADGB.
Sa loo>T~Xn d lodging-h orsrT " fo b a
clear lot In Mission; value $1000. HERMAN
706 Battery st. ■'
OUSE WANTED IN KXCHANG.-. jf'uß 2
park lots; difference In cash. Aplly T. 8., box
48, Call Office.
TO EXCHANGE IN ALAMEDA— HOUSE OF !
JL 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x140, Encinai aye., i
for nice lot near Golden Gate Park. Address R. H.,
box 60. Call otlice.
MO«El: TO LO.ii>.
ny~YAY~i&~oii the hTulcdred^com^
mission to the broker when you can get the j
same direct fromthe loaner without it and with- '
out charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furnitnre of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal: any amount from $100 to
$5000. 418 Ellis St.. room 22.
1 OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND :
Ju mortgages, furnitur" or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland orWlameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
Li PIBST AND SECOND MORTGAGES:
JLJ city or country: funiiuire and pianos; business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
A DVANCESONIHAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC !
XXColumbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye. j
' A N V AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES; !
J\. estates, undivided interests, reul estate in pro- •
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
IST AND 2D MORTGAGES; CITT OB COUN
JL-try: administrators' mortgages, Interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 628 Mkc.
ORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR.
rants. SALOMON dfcCO., 328Montgmry,r.214.
MONET LOANED ON JEWELRY AND :
other valuables at the Security Loan Office, '
1106Marketst.,pr. Mason ; private entrance 7 Turk.
ON FURNITURE AND PI amis, WITHOUT
removal. Room 68, Donohoe b'd'g, 1170 Market
OCTCE OF $10,000 '1 6 LOAN.— NOTICE IS
JLi hereby given that the sum of ten thousand
dollars, belonging to the Robinson bequest fund, is
ready to be loaned tor a . term of yeais, to be se-
cured by a first : mortgage on real estate in San
Francisco,' California. All bids, with full partic-
ulars as to terms, should be delivered at the
Mayor's office, new City Hall. The right to reject
any bid is reserved. ADOLPH SUTRO, Chairman
of the Robinson Bequest Commission. Dated Jan-
uary 7. 1896.
PAWNBROKERS. ~
tTi26 KEAK N Y ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates : pri- \
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
_".; SEWING MACHI^KS^
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED, I
J\. rented, repaired; lowest rates. : 205 Fourth st. I
! OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAX ESTATE.
(2>"l C\f\(\ COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS; PRETTY
'DX\J\J\J. finish: fenced : near the Aiteuheim;
electric-cars; on installments; a bargain. 11. B.
PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
(S|4(in JSKW HOTJSE, ~8 ROOMS; NEAR
tiP'iUV/. local trains and electric-cars: $50 cash
and $10 monthly. il. B. PINNEY. 90'J Broadway,
I Oakland.
KETIRING MERCHANT WISHEBTO TKADE
J t his s?rocerv business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Hayuarda or San Leandro. For full particu-
lars address bo.x 4, Call Ottlce. Oakland.
"CIOR SALE— NICE OAKLAND COTTAGE
-1- home; northeast corner; convenient to local
station, school, etc.: cost more than $5000; will
j be sold for less than $4000. on very easy payments.
• Apply to T. K. ANDERSON, 463 Ninth St., Oak-
| land.
I jJARGAIN, HOUSE OF THREE ROOMS;
■ ' barn, two chicken-houses, well of good water;
JOO chickens, cow, calf and pig; lot 50x110; price,
g ( 50. Fruitvale Land Company. Fruitvale station.
©100 LOTS AT FB-UITVALE STATION;
»4i?J-^-/y. come to day. LODGE & POWELL.
j <St 9j I MONTHLY 1-UH R-KOOJJ. WlTALlvi;
*jpZj\J plans free. F. BOEGLE. Cioiden Gato statn.
*ft I 'SO JjOT s ne * k the altenheim
! tiP-LUU. Fruitvale: electric cars; only *1 down
: and $1 a week: seliinsj fast: good improvements
I -l. _>. PINNEY. owner. 803 Broadway, Oakland.
i r^^V-^T -' XI) BEST IX AMERICA-THK
\ \\ tfcKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
ag free.
I alahedaTdyertisembhts
OFFICE— U3S PARK STREET.
ALAKKDA KEAL, KSTATJE.
iJJOXnn SOFT SNAP: 100x130; CLINTON
»_s_-«JUU. aye., nr. Willow st. ENGLISH, 628
! Market St. v- .
EXCKLLKNT MODERN HOMES AT GREAT-
XJ ly rednoed prices.
$2000— 4-room dwelling; original cost $2250.
! if-27 50— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3000.
$3250— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3500.
$3000— 6-rooiu dwelling; original tost 3r>U(;.
I 5?32.-.0— 6-room dwelling; original coat $3600.
I 55100— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3750.
I $7500— 9-room dwelling: oriitiual cost $9000.
I All new and modern on large lots and 'a good
1 locations; very small cash payments and easy in-
: stallments. No reasonable terms refused. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1304 Park St., Ala-
meda.
9A FURNISHED HOUSE, & KOOMS AND
»JU. bath; also 4 rooms part furnished in
basement; 9 rooms In all; blocks from narrow-
gauge station. Alameda, Cal. Address WM. P.
TODD. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
ffiOOKf) I Mi: BEST BARGAIN IN ALA-
, KpO*L.O\J . meda County: house of 7 rooms, all
; modern impro%-ements. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park
St., Alameda.
<3»"| (\f\ down —ELEGANT NEW 5-ROOM
*3)X \J\J modern cottage In center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. l-'or
Immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
: Park St., Alameda.
' CJAOnn NEW AND MODERN HOUSE OF 7
; CttV/Ul/. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: In
: feood locality; iermseasy: installments. JOSEPH
j A. LEONARD CO.. 1X64 Park St., Alameda.
I CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to tny address in the
I United States or Canada one year for SI 60, post-
age free. r
! r—_— —
JBJSRKKI.I-X ittAi, ESTATE.
GiT^riiTr o^^ FOR TUB FtmNTTITRE!
r?>JV\J good-will thrown in; large boarding-
! house, with good bnsiness: only half a block from
I university grounds; given up on account of sick-
; ness. .10-. j. MASON, uwight way station,
[ ■rk.'l.-y. .• : • '
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KiSAIi KSTATIS.
CANTA CLARA VALLEY LAND 3.
18.000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply toe. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
£2 EaS Santa Clara St., San Joso, Cal.
i
I DENTISTS.
DX. GEORGE W. LEEkT T^LK^iK>rcTNE
Leek dentist, discoverer of Dainless extraction
I and patentee oi improved bridge work or teeth
■ without any plate, moved from t> to ao O'Farrell st.
1> ■'■ N LESS EXTRACTION; 50c; CKOWN
bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13years'
I experience, K. L. WALSH, D.D.8., 815% Geary.
j A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
A DB.H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
i DR. 11. 11. SHAW, 224 KEAHXY — BRH>OB-
I XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DX. l. t7cranz^extractTon painless.
crown work, bridge work and teeth withoui
I plates a specialty. 103 Geary st.. cor. Grant aye.
j pROOME BENT ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
, vket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
I able ntrent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
I irmss; tilllngstrm $1: extracting 5Cc. with gas *1.
I ffl»7 A SET FOX TEETH: WaRRANTE_TaS
♦47 I Rood an can be made; fillin? $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLUM HTIo^ 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new-
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80S MAR-
V het St. DR. CHARLES \V. DECKER.
DR. J. J. I.Ki-:K, 1206 MARKET. COR7goLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Snndaya till noon.
I ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
i - V ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 11J2 Market st.
SUEEIFF'S SAL.Es.
SHERIFF'S SALE.-THE HIBERNIA SAV-
INGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, plaintiff. vs.
PHILIPP FREUND ET AL., defendants. No
1 40.784, superior Court, Department 1. order of
I sale and decree of foreclosure.
Under and by virtue of an order of sale and de-
cree of foreclosure, issued out of the Superior
1 Court, Department No. 1. of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, on the 11th
day of ember, A. D. 1895, in the above-entitled
action, wherein THE HIBkRMA SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY, the above-named plaintiff,
; obtained a judgment and decree of foreclosure
; against PHILIPP FREUND AL, defendants
on the 19th day of October, A. D. 1893. which vaid
judgment and decree was on the _lat day 01 Octo-
ber. A. D. 1893, recorded in Judgment Book 4of
said court, at page 690, 1 am commanded to sell all
: that certain lot, piece or parcel of land, situate,
lying and being in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, and bounded and
described as follows:
Commencing at a point on the southeasterly line
of Market street, distant thereon two hundred and
twenty-flve (225) feet southwesterly from its in-
tersection with the southwesterly line of Brady
street; thence southwesterly along said line of
Market street twenty-flve (25) feet, thence at
right angles southeasterly one hundred and
twenty-four (124) feet to the northwesterly line
of Stevenson street, thence northeasterly along
said line of Stevenson street twenty-five f35) feet,
thence norrhwe.sterlv and parallel • with Brady
street one hundred and twenty-four (124) feet to
the point of commencement. The same being
part of the parcel of land known on the Official
Map of ihe City and County of San Francisco as
Mission block number fourteen (No. 14).
Public notice is hereby given that on Thursday,
tbe 9th day of January, A. D. 1^96. at 12 o'clock,
noon, of that day, infront of the New City Hall,
Larkin-street winy, in the City and County of San
Francisco, 1 will, In obedience to said order of sale
and decree of foreclosure, sell the above-described
property, or so much thereof as may be necessary
to raise sufficient money to satisfy 'said judgment,
with interest and costs, etc.. to the highest and
best bidder, for lawful money, gold coin of the
United States." . . . .•;.,..
RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
San Francisco, December 1«, 1895.
ALFRED TOBIN ESQ.,
• Hibernia Bank Building, corner Jones and Mc-
Allister streets, San Francisco,
t Attorney for Plaintiff.
POSTPONE MENT.
NOTICE— The above sale is postponed till
MONDAY, the 20th day of January, A. D. 1896,
at the same hour and place.
KICHAKD I. WHELAN. Sheriff.
San Francisco. January 9, 1896.
LECiAL. JSOTICJ_S.
7\JOTT«r~TFS~I}RE^ OF
J-> MARCUS DAVIDSON. Deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned executors of the
last will and testamei;t of MARCUS DAVIDSON,
deceased, to the creditors of and all persons
bavins claims against the said deceased to ex-
hibit them, with the necessary vouchers, within
four mouths after the first publication of this
notice to said executors, a- 161 New Montgom-
ery st., city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, which said place the undersigned select
as their place of business in all matters connected
with said estate. MYER DAVIDSON,
JOSEPH HARRIS,
Executors of the last will and testament of
MARCUS DA VIDSON, deceased.
. December 10. 1895. *
EPAKTMENT NO. 9 (PROBATE). IN T il ß
Superior Conrt, in nnd for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the ma-
ter of the estate of ELIZABETH L. MOXLEY
deceased. ■
Notice is hereby given that TUKSDA V, the 14th
day of January, A. D. 1896, at 10 o'clock a.m. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of said
court, at the new City Hall, in the City and County
of San Francisco, state of California, have been ap-
pointed aa the time and place for proving the
authenticated copy of the will of said ELIZABETH
L. MOXLEY, deceased, and for hearing the appli-
cation of JOHN C. HUGHES and JAMES W.
McELROY for the issuance to them of letters
testamentary.
Dated January 3, A. 1). 1898.
[Seal.] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By F. B. HOCGHTON, Deputy Cleric
JAMES A. WAYMIRE, Attorney lor Petitioners.
HOUSES.
AND SECOND-HAXD HAR-
luu ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission St.
\V ANTED— TO BUY, HORSE THAT LADY
'» can drive; sound; 6 years old: dark; 16 to 17
hands; perfectly gentle; good traveler; stylish;
afraid of nothing. Address L. 8.. box 116, Call.
JIUI HEAD OF WELL-BROKEN WORK AND
X\J\J driving horses just from the country; also
fast pacers and trotters. Apply 862 Howard St.,
G. i.iNb.Ui;::. proprietor.
ORSES PASTURED: «2 A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The H>-<ia
ranch, 630 Commer st.
"1 A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
X*J\J ness: also wagons, buggies aud horses:
contracting outlit; sand wigonsand scrapers. 11?S
Mission st.
Di;. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
seon for S. F. Police Department. mice and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye. : telephone south 401.
Afk HORSES FCK SALE*: " ALSO WAGON.-*
rl\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcado Homj
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wefa»
day. SCLLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
|(|(j SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; Aliu
X \J\J kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, car:*;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia su.
CHKAPKSTANJ) BEST IN AMERICA-THK
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United Stales or Canada one year for 81 50, post-
age free. .
AVAIiU.Ss AM» CAKKIAUES.
FOR SALE — HORSE, HARNESS AND
wagon; suitable for p 'ddler. Call at 3 Cleveland
St., bet. Folsoni and Harrison.
QECOND-HAND WAOONS OF A 1.1. KINDS
O for sale cheap at 1013 Harrison st.
STOKAGK
OVERLAND FREIGHT IUANSFK.". CO.,
Fifth and Bluxome sts. — Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
nooses; low rates; advances made. Tel. south 388,
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS, HOUSE-"
O hold goods, etc. .1. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
YiriLSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET—
" Storage: low rates: teleph South 762.
KIMiS— JUAiiIiIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publleation offices and be Indorsed
with the iiame and residence of persons authorized
to have the same pobil 1. J
BORN.
ANDERSON— In this city, January 6, 1896, the
wife of A. P. Anderson, a daughter.
BAKER— In this city, January 10, 1596, tothe
wife of Charles H. Baker, a daughter.
BYRNE— In tnis city. January 5. 1890, to the
wile oi M. J. Byrne, a daughter.
FEENEY— January 8. 1896, to the wife of Joseph
Feeney, a daughter.
MARYE— Al Fort Monroe Arsenal, January 10,
1896, to the wife of William A. Marye, a son.
YOUNG— In this city. January 9, 1896. the
wife of Alexander Your a xon.
A XX I ED.
SHELLY— HALEY— In this city. December 2,
1895, by the Rev. Father Cottle, Joseph Shelly
aud May Haley, both of San Francisco.
_____
I)Tki>.
Allemand, Pierre (Jill. Annie
Bryant, Margaret Hansell, .irolineS.
Bullock, Mary A. Kahl, Mary
Chenery, Elizabeth W. Lamb, Thomas
Coldwell, George W. Moore, Annie
Corcoran. William R. O'Mara, Mnrgaretb
Coto, Samuel F. O'Keefe, Ellen
Cowslll, James Robrbacher, Charles C.
Dunworth, Johanna Starr. Lottie M.
Emerson, George \V. Thlel, Mrs. Henrietta
Winterberg, Iva 1..
ALLEMAND— In this city, January 9, 1896. Pierre
Allemand, a native of France, aged 45 . lars.
BRYANT— In this city. January 13. 1896. Mar-
garet. Kthel, beiovea daughter of Thomas F. and
Margaret Bryant, a native of S_n i'rancisco, Cal.
aged 20 days.
BULLOCK— In this city, January 11, 1896, Mary
A. Bullock, a native of England, aged 45 year 3
CHENERY— Tn Portland, Or.. January 8, 1896,
Elizabeth Wilson Chenery, a native of Massa-
chusetts.
COLDWELL— In this city. January 11, 1896
George W. Coldwell, father of the late D. K. Cold
well of Alameda. anatlvi 01 Berwick, Nova
Scotia, aged 74 years. [Nova Scotia papers
piease copy.]
Friends and acquaintances are resnnct-
fully invited to attend the Funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10:20 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law, Nathan Davidson. 561
PennsyKania avenue, near rra street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn <•■:.. cry. by train lPavini,
Third and Townsend streets at 11:45 o'clock a.m.
Interment private.
CORCORAN— In this city. William R. Corcoran,
sou of the late Martin Corcoran, aged 41 years.
COTO — In this city, January 9, 1H96, Samnel F
coto, a native of California, aged 18 years.
CoWSIIjL— this city, January 12. 1896. James
Cowsill, a native of England, aged 34 yean.
DUNWORTH— this city, nary 11, 1888,
Johanna, beloved wife of Peter Dunworth. am
mother of Mrs. C. Rial, Mrs. J. O'Shea, Mrs. F
Roberts and James and Peier Dunworth, a na-
tive of the parish oi Baioo, County Kerry, Ire-
land, a?ed 54 years.
O-i'neuds and acquaintances are resnec-.-
fuily invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. »_,. from her late
residence, 25^_ Clinton street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Uryant and Brannan. thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of h»»rsoul, com
mencing at 9 o'clock a. ii. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
EMERSON— this city, Jannary 8, 1896, Geor?<»
W, Emerson, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 5^
years.
GILL— In this city, January 11, 1896. Annie Gill
dearly beloved daughter of Francis GUI, and
sister Of Mary and James Gill, a native of Ire-
land, aged 40 years.
jfiSTFriends and acauaintances are resn»ct-
tuliy Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), ar 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 258 Fifth street, Oakland, thence to the
Cnurcn of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn requiem high mass wUI be celebrated for
the repose or her soul, commencing ai 0 o'clock
a.m. Interment Sr. Mary's Cemetery,' Oakland.
HANBELL— In this city, January 10. 1896, Caro-
line S., relict or the late William K. Hanaell,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 64 years and
2 months.
aSTFriends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeial Tins day
(Monday). at '_' o'clock i\ M irom her late resi-
dence. 71U LarKin street, interment 1. O. v. F.
Cemetery.
KAHL— In this city. January 8, 96. Mary Kahl,
a native or Ireland, aged 49 years.
LAMB— In Oakland. January 10. 1896, Thomas
Lamb, a native of Oakland, aged St 7 years 1
month and 17 days.
MOORE— Oakland, January 12, 1896, Annie,
beloved wife of James Moore, and mother of
Mabel C. Moore, a native of the Isle of Man, aged
60 years and 5 months. • .-, .
£•?■ Friends and acquaintances are isuusiit
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from her lat«
residence, 1123 San Pablo avenue, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
O'MARA— Tn this city, January 11. 1896. Mar-
gareth O'Mara, beloved mothe'rof John O'Mara,
Mrs. Mary Philips and the late Mrs. C. Nobmann,
a native of Ireland, aged 97 years.
SS*Frlends and acquaintance* are resnecr-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from the resi-
dence of Mr. C. Nobmann, 2031 Fillmore street,
corner California, thence to3t. Dominic's Church,
corner Bush and Stelner streets, for services at
10 o'clock a. m. . Interment Mount, Calvary
Cemetery.
O'KEEFE — A solemn requiem anniversary mass
will be celebrated, at St. Mary's Cathedral TO-
MORROW (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. h., for the
repose of the soul of the late Ellen O'Keefe.
ROHRBACHER— In this city, January 11.1896,
Charles C. Rohrbacher, a native of Baden-Baden,
Germany, aged 34 years 8 months and 25 days.
jJSTFrlends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO- MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
dence, 412 State street.
STARR— In this city, January 11, 1896. Lottie M.
Starr, a native of Missouri, aged 24 years 3
months and 22 days.
THI EL— In San Jose. January 7, 1896, Mrs. Hen-
rietta Thiel, a native of Holland.
WINTERBERG— In this city, January 12, 1896,
Iva Lillie. beloved wife of G. C, Winterberg, and
daughter of L. L. and Isabella Ewinc, sister of
Mary and Abbie Ewing, daughter-in-law of Mrs.
L. Junker, and sister-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. J.
Castor, Mr. and Mrs. P. Gretsch, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Winterberg and Carl Junker, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 28 years 3 months and 22 days.
fWestchester and Philadelphia and Laramia
(Wvo.) papers please copy.]
jOTneuds and acquaintances are resDect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the fam-
ily residence, 1611 Turk street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
I. O. O. F.— The officers and members of Oriental
Kebekah Lodge No. 90. I. O. O. F., are hereby
notified to attend '.he funeral of our late sister,
Iva Lillian Winterberg (nee Ewine) from her
late residence, 161.1 Turk street, San Francisco,
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. it. Mem-
bers will please assemble at 1611 Turk street at
1:30 p. _c By order of the Noble Grand.
ETTA MEYERDERKS. secretary.
I CMTKD UNBERTAKEB3 1 I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rate..
Telephone 3167. 27 and -9 Fifth street.
I McAVOY & GALLACHER,
FUNERAL DIBEGTOES & EMBALMEB3,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoin School.
Telephone 8080.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TNFANMATEO COUNTY; NOW-BECTARIAWI
X laid ou; on the lawn plan; perpetual care; beat)*
tlful, permanent and easy of access; see It bafort
feajriiie » burial place elsewhere.
■ City onice, U City Hall Aveout, .
1314
FATHER YORKE
TO THE PEOPLE
The Chancellor Defends Him
self Against His
Critics.
ORIGIN OF THE A. P. A.
Some of the Causes That Led
Up to the Great Con
troversy.
WHOM THE PRIEST BLAMES.
Rev. Charles W. Wendte Writes of
the Catholic Church and Civil
Government.
The Rev. Father Yorke, chancellor of
the Archdiocese of Ban Francisco, ad
dresses the following card to the public:
To the People of San Francitro: By an act iin
pxeoedented in journalism lam arraigned be
fore you by John I*. Young of the San Fran
cisco Chronicle as an instigator of riot an.l
violence. Through four columns of "editorial"
I am described as promoting a controversy
which is arousing ill feeling in" the community
and provoking collisions between citizens
who ought to live in peace and harmony. The
accusation is so grave that 1 cannot afford to
pace it over in silence. I owe it to my fellow
citizens and to myself to Meet the charge. In
one way and in one way only can the charge
be met". I must set forth without malice and
without fear the facts in the case. Let them
who are responsible bear the blame.
The present controversy is the outcome of an
as tation which now for five years lias been
carried on against the Catholic church. Vari
tcret societies of (livers origins ami of
divers appellations have spread through the
country — all for the purpose of antagonizing
Catholics. To the outside world these societies
■ own under the generic title of the A. P.
A. Their main if not their 6ole object is to
drive the members of the Catholic church from
business, irom social and from political life.
This organization has existed in San Fran
cisco some three years. In the spring of 1804
- considered advisable by its managers to
stir it into new life in anticipation of tiie ap
proaching elections. Accordingly a man who
nad been cast out of the Catholic church for
incorrigible drunkenness was hired to visit
this City. Accompanied by a female like unto
himself he came upon us.
The walls of the town were covered by postt
ers, every line of which was an insult againss
ali that Catholics hold dear. The sidewalk
were littered with pamphlets crammed with
unspeakable insinuations against Catholic
mother;, Catholic daughters and Catholic
wives.
• rycame and went, but his work was
done. The sensational preachers of the city,
a:ier Sunday, shrilled the war-cry
■'; Rome. In Metropolitan Temple J. Q.
A, Henry t< re patriotism to tatters in his fury
: the Pope. The lodges were holding
_ ! and were initiating mem
the rate of sixty to seventy in a night.
lime when it was necessary
to raiM- the .-on and denounce this
c of intolerance, that time was
then. The fact?, as 1 have set them .forth,
:> cussed iv
clubrooms, they were argued on the sidewalks.
Are we tn believe that they were unknown
only;:. >il rooms of trie sun l-'ran
[CJohn P. YoUng is sincere
In Us depreciation of theological controversy
a:id theological acrimony, then was the time
for him to Lit up his voice. But John P.
g was not sincere. Wheu 1 write these
words I know 1 am making a grave charge,
aud I make it with a thorough realization of
eve that he, more than any
man in San Francisco, is responsible for the
j. resent condition of affairs, and on his
shoulders, and not on mine, let the responsi
bility .
The first campaign oi the A. P. A. against
Cathol ed from the March of 1804
the ••lections. That campaign was
marked by two periods — tiie period of pulpit
agitation " and the period oi political work.
Tne pulpit agitation extended from March
until August, li «as opened by J. Q. a.
Henry, then pastor ot the First Baptist Church.
was taken up by C. 0. Brown of tiie First Con
gregational Church, and was carried on by
it, Dili* . Foster, rase and others.
The newspaper which did more than any
Other to advertise '.his campaign was the
Chronicle. For five months every Monday
morning its columns were filled with the false
accusations and with the obscene slanders
which characterize the utterances of the ora
tors of the A. P. A. I have made a careful
measurement of the space devoted by John P.
Young during this period to reproducing the
pu'pit attacks on Catholic^, and I find that it
amounts to nearly ten colums of solid print. 1
h6ve confined my measurement to the Mon
day edition. If I had time to search the other
editions carefully this large total would be
very much increased.
During all this time, when the town re
sounded to denunciations oi Catholic priests,
Catholic nuns, Catholiecitizens John P. Young
steadfastly refused to allow a Catholic to speak
in defense of his creed or of his people. When
in the month of April the Rev. C. O. Brown
was printing his manuscript in the Chronicle,
and thus spreading all over the coast the most
serious charges against the loyalty and patriot
ism of Catholics, I called on Mr. John P
Young with a letter. I considered it a hard
ship that week alterweek these charges should
go unrefuted. I knew that they were utterly
unfounded and I set forth the reasons for my
belief in writing. I offered it to Mr. John P.
Young and he absolutely and peremptorily re
fused to publish it.
At that time I did not take any further
means to secure publication for my letter. I
was averse to appearing in a public contro
versy. Only a conscientious conviction of
duty urged me to write at all. When I had
satisfied my conscience by making an honest
attempt to contradict falsehood and misrepre
sentation, and when that attempt was fru>
trated, I conceived that I had done all that
duty demanded and I took no further steps.
stili the crusade against Rome went on. On
August 13 the Chronicle published a sermon
by lir. Brown, which took up nearly a column.
In that sermon occurred statements about
priests and nuns which Protestant historians
have branded as "filthy and disgusting
calumnies."
Dr. Brown described the "mona<:terie.B as
scenes of bacchanalian revel"." and declared
that "what had happened in the nunneries is
without the pale of description before an audi
ence like this." This was more than I could
f taud. A second time I wrote r refutation of
Zanders, and a second time the refuta
tion was re! us -d insertion by Mr. John P
Young.
When in the month of August of this year
the A. P. A. began its campaign for 18!>tJ* the
Par. Francist-o Chronicle proceeded again to
advertise its doings. During the month of
August it published the speeches at the Metro
politan Temple to the extent of 67 inches in
imall print. In September it published {>:?>;.
Inches, iv October it published lO4 l i Inches,
In November it published :>:{ inches and in De-
In ail. during the past five months, it has
primed over twenty columns r>i ;h" vilest and
raises' and tiltniesi accusations against the
Catholics ot this country, mid at the end of v
»1), Ji>h'! I. Young has the unparalleled effron
tery to come before you, the public ( ,i San
Francisco, and declare ,' "the chronicle has
thus far honestly striven to do its duty to the
fominunity from which it derives its support
by placing as many obstacle* In the way of' a
recrudescence oi religious intolerance in the
Dnitea States a possible." If it be honesty to
rive one side of an argument and suppress
.in- oi .- ■•;. i ben John P. foung Is honest. If it
le duty to gather up infamous charges against
c and iaw-abiding portion of the oom
nunlty, and to commit them to cold type and
a send them out to do their work of \lefama
! LhenJohn !'. Young performed his duty
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
ABSOLUTELY PURE
But if it be honest and manly and right to
treat both sides viilh equal justice, either to
give nil the arguments or to give none, either
to open the columns to Catholic >md the a. p.
A., or to close them against both, then John J.
Young is neither honest nor nianlv nor just.
Jiotli limes that I called on John P. Young
to offer >ny refutation of the A. P. A. calumnies
area me that if Catholics would biro a
ball and disprove these charges from the plat
form lie would treat us as well us lie was treat
ing our adversaries. When, therefore, the new
campaign against Catholicism opened in tiie
August of 1895 jind the Chronicle was adver
tising it to the extent of two columns every
Monday morning 1 made no more calls on Mr.
Young. 1 determined to see what his word
w as worth.
Accordingly a hall was hired which, on two
occasions, mils filled to the doors. John P.
Young stood by his promise by giving a report
of the proceedings to the extent of a lew
Inches. Hence it was that when, in November,
I wrote a letter questioning the authenticity
of certain quotations read at the Metropolitan
Temple, 1 did not t, r >> in person to Bee Mr.
Young. I instructed my messenger to carry
the documents to tne other papers, and if they
also refused I authorized him to insert it at
regular advertising rates. The document was
refused, of course, by Mr. Young, but was pub
lished by the Examiner, and the result has
been that the public has learned that there are
iwo sides to the question and that Catholics
can Rive a reason for the faith that is m them.
This is a full account of the facts as I know
them which have led up to the present condi
tion of affairs. For them the editor of the
Chronicle, John I*. Young, is responsible.
Surely I am not bound to stand dumb when
t hear everything that is near and dear to me
Insulted. Barely ] am not compelled by any
law, human or divine, to refrain from defend
ing my character when niy character is at
tacked". Have Catholics in this community
nny rights ns agHin>t the Chronicle and John
P. Young? Must we allow column after column
of slander to be launched auainst us because
that journal or its editor professes to imagine
that an aiibwer will stir up strife
They are to blame who rirst gave publicity to
the charges, not they whose good name could
be kept clear only by refuting them. If from
this controversy there shnll arise anything to
injure this City or to tarnish its fame the re
sponsibility lies at the threshold of John P.
Young.
But I can safely say that the Chronicle's ap
prehensions of riots and burnings are as base
tess as its charges airain>t me. In the days of
the Knownothiugs two cities were threatened
with mob violence — Philadelphia and New
York, 1., Philadelphia not a voice was raised
against Knownothingism and the saintly
Bishop Kenrich publicly urged his flock to say
nothing mid remain within doors.
The burning churches, the looted convents,
the Catholics shot down in their own homes,
tell the result of this policy. In New York
John Hughes combatted the conspirators with
tongue Mud pen. When the Knownotbings
liad elected their Mayor mid had called their
great mass-meeting, the usual preliminary to
a riot, John Hughes straightway issued his
manifesto. "The laws of New York expect each
citizen to defend his property and his rights."
In two hours the call for the mass-meeting
"as revoked. New York was delivered from
the disgrace of mob rule. Every conspirator is
a coward, and cowards are careful to attack
only tiie defenseless and weak.
There is uo danger that the present contro
versy will pass beyond words. It will continue
and end as similiar controversies have con
tinued and have ended in the past. It will do
about as much good as other controversies I
and about as much harm. But if the evil
shall outweitrh the advantage, and if the
contention shall tarnish the fame of our City,
the blame isnot mine. The blame lies with
those who advertised the slanders in the
beginning and who then refused us an opper
tunity to speak in our own behalf. The biame
lies with those who were too cowardly to
ignore the conspiracy altogether, too unjust
to give both sides equal rights. The blame
lies before God and man on the shoulders of
the Chronicle editor, John P. Yonng.
Petek C. Yorke.
THE APOSTOLIC CHUfiCH.
Father Wyman Eeviews Point 3 Pertinent to
the Controversy.
The Rev. Father Wyman, superior of the
Paulist Fathers, a scholar and preacher of
recognized ability, delivered a sermon at
St. Mary's Church last evening that is
j pertinent to the great religious contro
versy now bein^r carried on in The Call.
His subject was the "Aposteiate of St.
John, tne Evangelist." Father Wj-man
said :
St. John was rightly called the beloved dis
ciple of the Savior. He was one chosen to wit
ness the manifestation of Christ's irlory in his
transfiguration on Mount Tabor. He was the
favored apostle at the last supper, and was
worthy on this occasion to recline on our
Savior's bosom. At the crucifixion he was the
only one of the twelve who remained faithful
to Christ, standing at the foot of the cross. To
aim Christ committed his blessed mother as
he was leaving this earth. Every true man
loves his mother above every one else, and the
fact that Christ when dying recommended his
mother to th^ care of St. John i-; enough to
show mat John was his beloved disciple.
When the apostles early on the resurrection
morn heard the good tidings that the Savior
had risen, St. John eagerly ran with St. Peter
to the sepulcher, and sucn was his love and
ardor for the Lord that he outran Peter and
arrived first at the tomb. Peter, however, en
tered the sepulcher alone. John In his humility
giving place to the Prince of the Apostles.
In the work of propagating Christianity St.
John took a most important part. He lived to
a greater age than any or the other api
He founded the seven great churches of Asia,
and during his lifetime ruled over them, in
structing them in the doctrine and discipline
of Christ.
At the request of the Bishops under him he
wrote the first of his epistles in the New Testa
ment, and in which he teaches the necessity
of adhering to the doctrine which he had first
received from Christ, as at this time there
were tho^e who disputed the divinity of the
son of God.
He wrote at the request of the Bishops of the
churches which he had founded the celebrated
fourth Gospel of the New Testament. Unlike
the other evangelists, he begins by declaring
the divinity of Christ. He also speaks of the
vocation of the Apostles, and calls special at
tention to the fßct thai Christ changed the
name of Simon, the son of Jonas, to Cephas,
which means Peter, because, no doubt, Peter
was to be the foundation of that visible church
In which was to be preserved for all time the
doctrine of Christ's divinity and the full and
complete message which the Savior had deliv
ered to the world.
St. John is the connecting link between the
apostles of Christ and the hierarchy Of the
church. He lived to see ihe authority of St.
Peter's second successor, St. Clement", exer
cised and obeyed by the church at Corinth.
By some of the most learned among Protest
ant historians of the early church the origin
of Episcopacy is traced to St. John. Among
these I may mention Professor Harnack of
Germany, who, although a rationalist, has
done srreat service to Christian science by
bringing the controversy respecting the origin
of the Catholic system of dogma and discipline
within limits which almost border upon the
apostolic age.
He has shown at what an early period Catho
licism universally prevailed and he says that
the Catholic system of dogma and discipline is
implied in the acceptance of the creed and the
Bible as authoritative rules of faith. In short,
the controversy as to whether or not Catholi
city represents apostolic Christianity is re
duced to the question as to whether* or not
Christ was the son of God, made man, and re
deemed the world by his death upon the cross.
This question is sufficiently and easily deter
mined by a careful study of the teaching of St.
John the evangelist.
THE LIBERAL VIEW.
Dr. J. L. York Gives His Ideas of the
Great Controversy.
Dr. J. L. York lectured at Scottish
Hall, 105 Larkin street, last night. He
said:
I am glad that the San Francisco Call, the
l>e-t paper in our City, has opened it columns
wide to the content now raging between the
two branches of the Christian church that the
may know the facts. Pour in the
light— all lies hate the light— and nothing but
tile light of history and modern science can
burn uj> the chaff of religions superstition hih!
pretensions and false claims of Christianity.
My reading and investigation has long hro
convinced me that the church of Home is the
cnurch of history and thoroughly based upon
tlie New Testament script urea, and when she
fnils to substantiate her claims as the custo
dian of scripture and traditions of Christianity
her system of dogmatic theology is dead, and
along with it must co the diluted forms of
Christianity, which Protestantism, from Lu
theri&m to I'nitarianism, has built up in the
Dame <>> Christianity.
As a Protestant Christian and believer in the
Now Testament, no one can successfully deny
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 13, ISOG.
and refute the claims of Romanism. And if. I
believed that Christianity was the only true,
religion 1 would get into the old mother
church as fast as my legs could carry me.
If the New Testament is true the Apostle
Peter was the transmitted head of the church,
and, consequently, tne Popes of Rome are in
direct succession'to Peter, else the church of
God must have died on Peter's hands, with no
power to perpetuate itself. To a Protestant
Christian believer in the Immaculate Concep
tion, trinity of God, heaven, hell and the
devil, and the Bible as tne will of God, how
can any such person or church deny or refute
the claims of the Catholic church to spiritual
power? The Protestant and Roman churches
must live or die together, so far as their creed
and theology are concerned.
To Protestant Christians this is an open
question. But to Liberals and Freethinkers it
is no longer a question of debate. We take our
place on the side of reason, science and com
mon sense and deny as untenable the false
Claims of Christianity.
As Liberals and Freethinkers we have no in
fallible bible or Pope, and simply deny the
whole system as of pagan origin.
From our standpoint the greatconflict raging
between Father Y'orke and the Protestant
Church has a deeper and wider signiiicance
than some people attach to it, and really in
volves the question of the truth or falsity of
Christianity.
If Christianity is true why should any sane
man be a member of the A. P. A. and struggle
to keep the church out of politics and
schools? If God has a book what right has
any man to keep that book out of the schools
of our country? Don't we want God's truth
everywhere to a dying world? What's the
matter with us? If" Christianity is true and :
God is the author of it why should not his i
church take his religion into politics. Govern- !
ment and schools? And thus the science of poli- '
tics and Government would become thesci
ence of God and his church.
This is the logic of Christianity. And what
objection can any honest, sincere Christian
have to placing the name of God, Christ and
the Bible in the constitution of our country, a
Christian country?
Why t^hould we shut out God, his word and
his priests, from the control of state and
schools I .' And next week there will >>c pre
sented to both houses of our Congress an
amendment to our organic law recognizing
God and the Bible. And thus for twenty-seven I
years God has been knocking at the door of j
Congress at the hand of his church and can't
get in. These sincere Christians desire the
glory of God, and to this end they want relig
ious Legislatures, Sunday laws* and thumb- :
screws for the unbeliever.
And while we commend their sincere and j
honest zeal and loyalty to their conviction we
deprecate their judgment and logic in the in
terest of religious superstition and quackery,
which has no foundation in truth. The whole
question Involved in the conflict between Ro
manism and Protestantism is the trutli or
falsity of its claims.
if it be from God and the truth let it control
both state and school, but if it be of men let it \
be kept out from all human concern, and the
only consistent reason why we .should oppose
the infusion of the church "into the stale is that
it cannot in the light of this day sustain its
nu nstrous claims upon the. intellect of the
world.
As liberals and freethinkers we war against
the system and not aga;i:.-t the good name of
men and women on account of their religious
belief. To my mind nothing but freethought
and enlightenment of the mind can heal the !
malady.
As unbelievers in all forms of supernatural
religion we place the Protestant on the same
common ground with the Catholic mother, j
and till other religions, and that both of them, i
while entitled to protection in their religious I
belief, ure dangerous as a ruling power and
cannot be trusted with the liberties of thr , e< i
pie, simply because they are not true to nature
and not adapted to human government.
THE CHURCH AND STATE.
Bey. Charles W, Wendte Writes About Civil
Government.
The Rev. Charles W. Wendte writes on
the ''Doctrine of Civil Government and its
Relation to the Spiritual Power as held by
the Catholic Church." The following syn
opsis of his let'.er is taken from the Ex
aminer:
What is the Roman Catholic doctrine?
Briefly stated, it is the supremacy of the
church and the subordination of the Stale to
it. This is called the system of theocracy. The
classical example for it is the system of the
Papacy and the canon law of "the Roman
Catholic Church. Since the time of Gregory
VII the Catholic church has taught that there
can be no .sovereign political authority, nor
any independence lor the individual, beyond
the limiu. fixed by the ecclesiastical power*
The State has indeed a qualified independ
ence within its sphere, but what that sphere
is is determined l>y the church .which thus be
comes the ultimate authority in all questions
of civil and political import. To quote the
langurge of an American Roman Catholic,
Hishop Gilmour: '"The State is for the body,
the church is for the soul. But the soul is
superior to the body; Jience the church is
above the State." This reasoning is supported
by appeals to the Scriptures, to tradition and
to other sources of religious authority. The
church having thus the divine right to rule, it
fellows that its head, the Pope, is the sovereign
of the world, and all civil governments must
submit to his dictation.
The code of Gratian, as compiled about 1150,
and ever since accepted by all the Popes as
j.art of the canon law, to which everybody
oyv-es obedience, declares that the Pope "alone
Rives power and efficacy in the first instance
to every law" (Geficken I, 24). Thomas Aqui
nas, the greatest among the doctors of the
church, teaches that "the power of all tem
poral princes derives its strength and efficacy
solely from the spiritual power of the Popes. 1 '
So says the Catholic church historian I>oellin
ger in his "Fable?, etc.", p. 153. So Bellar- |
mine, another eminent papal authority, de
clares that the Roman Pontiff "lias supreme
power id dispose of the temporal matters of all
Christians," and as a necessary consequence
of this power "he can change kingdoms, tak
ing them from one ruler to bestow on another,"
transferring the obligationsof allegiance with
out consulting the people. Pope Innocent 111
claimed (see Janus, p. 133) in one of his ecclesi
astical epistles that "Christ has committed
the whole world to the government of the
Popes."
[Dr. Wendte quotes many like authorities
to tiie same effect. — Ed.]
True, in common practice, the church has
often modified her demands. .She has been
compelled, by the logic of necessity, to recog
nize and treat with civil Governments as
equals. It is characteristic of the Roman
clergy always to avail themselves of their
immediate opportunity, no matter how it may
contradict the logic of their principles.
In the many earthly dilemmas in which the
Catholic church has found herself, she has,
from motives of self-preservation, held her
extreme theories somewhat in abeyance, and
accepted the situation. But the doctrine of
Papal supremacy was not surrendered thereby.
It was only suspended and kept in reserve, to
be again advanced at a more favorable oppor
tunity. Thus the present Pope I-eo XI II in
his encyclical of June 20, 1888, declares:
"Although in the extraordinary condition of
these times the church usually acquiesces in
certain modern liberties, not because she pre
fers them in themselves, but because she
judges it expedient to permit them, in better
times the would use her own liberty." We can
readily imagine what this means— that if the
Catholic hierarchy ever obtained control of
our National life, they would, in accordance
with their well-known and freely-expressed
principles, put an end to free speech, a free
press, free schools, a free church and a free
Government. Are we not warranted in believ
ing this.'
Recent Popes nave denounced by name these
essential institutions of our nation, calling
them "the liberty of perdition," "impious,
absurd and erroneous doctrines," "detestable
sentiments pregnant with the most deplorable
evils, of all others most to be dreaded in a
state." Indeed Pope Leo XIII, in the encycli
cal already quoted from, emphatically "con
demns the supposed right of a man to choose
his own religion and calls it a "degradation of
liberty," and Pope Pius IX, in his allocution
to a consistory of cardinals, September, 1851,
said: "We have taken this principle for basis,
that the Catholic leligion with all its rights
ought to be exclusively dominant in such sort
that every other worship shall be banished
and Interdicted.'"
It would be easy to heap up similar declara
tions <>t purpose from the minor clergy and
Catholic press. Thus the eminent theologian.
l»r. Brownson, in his "Catholic Review," af
firmed that "Protestantism of every form has
not and never can have any rignt where Cath
olicity is triumphant."
Some years ago Bishop Gilmour of Cleveland
laid down in a pastoral letter to his diocese
the Catholic philosophy of government in the
following words: "Nationalities must be made
subordinate to religion. We must learn that
we are Catholics first and citizens next.
Catholicism teaches that God is above man,
the church is above the state." This is cer
tainly explicit and emphatic enough. So Car
diuul Newman, in his famous controversy
witn Mr. Gladstone, maintained that the Brit
ish Ministers should have gone to Rome to
ascertain the civil duties of a British Cath
olic subject, and that "no pledge from Catho
lics was of any value to which Rome was not a
party."
To be sure, the church strenuously denies
that the State has any right to interfere with
her property arrangements, no matter how
they affect the welfare of the community. This
is what the Roman Catholic church says to-day
to the American state, as she heaps up millions
on millions of property, usually exempt from
taxation, held absolutely by oiie person, the
Bishop, and by him only as the representative
oi a foreign ruler; thus forming a continuous
and dangerous monopoly in our midst. The
American state may sooner or later have to in
terfere to regulate this great and growing evil,
as the governments of Europe have had to reg
ulate It, but the moment she attempts to do
so the cry of the church will be: "Hands off;
you are transcending your sphere. " The ques
tion then arises, Who is to determine what is
the respective sphere of the church and the
state? "The church," answer our Catholic
friends. But then, on this supposition the
church might accomplish anyend.no matter
how worldly or injurious to the community, by
•simply declaring it to be a spiritual necessity,
and the state would be compelled to submit.
Thus the Second National Council of the
Roman Catholic church at Baltimore, in 1806,
declared that "in prescribing anything con
trary to the divine law (i. c. as interpreted by
the hierarchy) the civil power transcends Its
authority, and has no claim on the obedience
01 tiie citizen."
Now our American principle of seU-govern
ment teaches us to the contrary and tells us j
♦hat the church must not only* be separated I
from the state, but also in all temporal con- I
cerns must be subordinated to it.
Based upon the idea of the sovereign power !
of the people, the state, as the expression of
that sovereignty, is the highest competent
authority in American life. It follows, then,
that the state car.not allow another power
alongside of it vested with superior or even
equal right, and absolutely independent of its
authority. The state is the supreme power in
the land, and whatever disobeys its laws and so
opposes the public interest and will must give
way. To be sure, the state allows its citizens a
large measure of individual liberty. It grants i
certain indenniteprivileses to the family and to !
other associations of men for specific purposes; j
but only so far as these do not oppose the pub-
He will and welfare. So the church also en
joys a certain independence in administering 1
her temporal affairs, but whenever she over
steps the limits of her freedom and acts against
tli.- general good, or does anything to abridge :
the civil rights of the members of her own
communion, then the state has a right to in
terfere and maue her superior authority felt.
On the other hand, in the sphere of purely
speculative and spiritual interests the church
Is sovereign and absolutely free. Here the i
state confesses its limitations and leaves the i
THE SALOON NEAR THE PRESIDIO WHERE A WHOLESALE BUSINESS WAS
DONE IN SOLDIERS' STOLEN CLOTHING.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist. J
spiritual prerogatives of the church unchal
lenged and unquestioned.
This, then, is the true American doctrine— in
spiritual concerns the absolute Independence
of the church, in temporal affairs the subordi
nation of the church to the Btatf.
Charles W. Wbwdth,
Minister Oakland Unitarian Church.
HUNTING THE FORGER.
Wylie O. I.ytle, Dean's "Whilom Office
Boy, Returns From a Trip to
Sacramento.
Wylie G. Lytle, the boy employed as
office boy by Forger Dean, the man who so i
cleverly beat the Nevada Bank out of |
$20,000, returned to hi 3 residence, 100 Fell
street, last night and dissolved the mys
tery as to his whereabouts. He had been
to Sacramento with an ambitious private
detective, who had an idea that the forger
was in the capital city, and who paid
young Lytle $3 to accompany him, in or
der that the man might be identified and
the reward claimed without delay. Dean
was not there.
W. \V. Lytle, the boy's father, who has
a cigar-store on Market street, near Van
Ness avenue, resented a story by a "Mrs.
Davies" of 100 Fell street, who claimed to
be young Lytle's foster-mother, and who
charged the father with neglecting his
boy. Lytle cays the woman's name is
really Telfer. He says also that she has
only known his boy live weeks, and he
claims further that she is influencing the
boy to evil. He declared further last night
that be intended to apply to the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
to see if he could not pet the lad, who is
only 18 years of age, from Mrs. Telfer's
control.
Young Lytle, on hearing of his father's
intention, at once consulted Captain Lees.
He said the chief of the detectives told
him he was old enough to look out for
himself. The boy admitted some of the
things his father said, but declared that
Mrs. Telfer was innocent of an}' wrong
doing and tbat he was staying with her
of his own free will.
A SERIOUS ACCIDENT.
Misg Carrie Cunninglium, a ICepnrter,
Bally Injured by 11 Fall.
Miss Carrie Cunningham, a reporter on I
the Examiner, met with a serious accident
last evening that will keep her confined to
her home for several weeks. She had
been directed to go to the House of Cor
rection and interview Mrs. Mary A. David
son of the Brown scandal notoriety. After
leaving the electric cars on Mission street
Miss Cunningham walked to and along the
railroad track toward tlie lane leading to
the prison.
In the darkness she failed to notice a
culvert or cattle guard, into which she fell
with great force. For a time she was un
conscious from the shock. Upon recover
ing she cried for help, which soon came to
her aid. A little Inter Sergeant J. B.
Martin took charge of the young lady and
removed her to a drugstore on Twenty
ninth and Mission streets, where she was
attended by Drs. Grozingor and Clinton.
The physicians found that Miss Cunning
ham s injuries were numerous and severe.
Her breastbone was broken and her jaw
dislocated. Besides these the lady's chin
was cut, the wound beinir four inches in
length. Her lip was also cut through.
Miss Cunningham was removed to her
home at 733 Bush street. Aside from the
injuries, the shock to the young lady's
nervous system was very severe.
Population of Great Cities.
The French statistician, M. Bertillon,
has compiled some interesting facts re
garding the copulation of Paris and
other great capitals. Only 30 per cent
of its present population was born in
Pans, and this percentage has remained
practically the same for the last thirty
years. The native population in St.
Petersburg is 32 per cent; 41 in
Berlin, 45 in Vienna, and, contrary
to the general opinion, 6j in Lon
don — the highest of all lar^e
cities. Of all Eurooean capitals, Paris has
the greatest number of foreigners, more
than 181,000, exclusive of 47,000 naturalized
foreigners. Among these are 26,863 Ger
mans, while in Berlin there are only 397
French. London has only 95,000 foreign
ers; St. Petersburg, 23,000' ; Vienna, 35,000
and Berlin, 18,000.' ■
In Paris the number of foreigners in
creased between 1833 and 1891 from 47,000
to 181,000. In point of numbers there are
more Belgians (4o,000) in Paris than peo
ple of any other foreign nationality ; then
come the Germans, 26,863; Swiss, 26,000;
Italians, 21,000; English, 13,000; Luxem
bourgians, 13,000; Russians, 9000.
Bank stock paper saves the eyes. The My-
Bell-Rollins Co., 22 Clay, manufacturers. •
LOOT OF ARMY CLOTHING.
Alarming Wholesale Thefts
Discovered at the
Presidio.
ACCUSED ACCOMPLICE FLEES'
.
John Hogan, a Saloon-Keeper, Said to
Have Bought $20,000 Worth of
Soldiers' Clothes.
The army authorities at the Presidio
have discovered an alarming systematic
looting of the quartermaster's department
and succeeded in tracing it to certain
keepers of wayside saloons outside the
reservation eates. One of the men impli
cated has disappeared, it is authoritatively
stated, with a goodly fortune, amassed in
the course of some years through his traffic
with soldiers who stole or purchased
clothing at the post to .sell outside for beer
money.
Out where the steamcars of the Union-
street Cable Company's extension run
through dreary sand-dunes and beside
waste marshlands there stands a row of
saloons. The spot is lonely in the extreme
— not a dwelling, save a few small cot
taces. being near. Close by is Harbor
View Park and the poorly patronized Sea
side Gardens, but no evident source of sup
port for the row of drinking-places. And
yet the proprietors of these same lonesome
saloons between the sand and sea marshes
make a Rood living.
The way from the Presidio post houses
is devious and not at all one that would be
readily followed by men, for it either lies
partly along the marsh and partly over a
long trestle, or through long stretches of
yielding s:md. Then, too, there are several
more inviting saloons nearer the gates, and
so is it agreed that the soldiers could not
support these saloons. The business from
elsewhere would not half keep one of the
places open.
After some Presidio officers began to re
alize that more clothes were taken by the
men than allowed in the rules, or indeed
than the soldiers could wear, those facts
caused suspicion to be directed toward the
row of saloons. A council of war, so to
speak, was held and orders were given from
proper quarters to watch the saloons and
soldiers frequentine them.
It was not long before the truth came to
light, «nd then little t>y little the scheme
through which the Government had been
defrauded out of vast sums of money un
folded itself, and as it grew and grew its
dimensions and character astounded the
officers interested. For years this swindle
had been carried on day after day on a
perfect system that evinced forethought
and direction by men of considerable busi
ness ability, and while anything like an
exact estimate of the total amount thus
taken surreptitiously from Uncle Sam
could not be made, approximate figures
range from $30,000 to $50,000.
The wearing apparel of soldiers was
made the meduim of this fraud. Clothing
is furnished the army on large contracts
by the year by some of the most extensive
linns in America who can afford to sell in
immense quantities at prices said to be
even lower than those of ordinary jobbers
or wholesale merchants to retailers here in
San Francisco.
The Government supplies the soldiers
with a standard outfit each year, which
usually is more than can oe worn out by
one man in that period. The list includes,
besides uniform and overcoat, suits ot
woolen underclothing, stockings, shoes,
etc., all of irood material if not of the tir.est
duality. Besides this allowance, the sol
diers are given the privilege of buying
extra clothing from, the quartermaster's
stores at all times out of their own money
and at cost prices, which, it must be re
membered, are lower than prevailing
wholesale figures.
At the l'residio this regulation was
taken advantage of with great success, as
recent developments proved.
It was found that soldiers had first of all
got rid of clothes allowed them, keeping
only enough to barely satisfy their own
needs for ihe year. These" garments —
shirts, woolen underwear, shoes and
stockings— disappeared from the post and
passed through neighboring saloons to
civilians around town. And then the sol
diers fell back upon the reserve supplies
persistently.
They bought shoes, stockings and
woolens every month, and even overcoats
were purchased with astonishing fre
quency. At last the oilicers in charge
made an investigation and discovered that
the clothing was nowhere to be seen.
The men, so it is stated, had sold the
clothes to the lonely saloons for what
would appear to be comparatively trifling
prices. Underclothing sold for 25 or 50
cents a piece and at a profit at that.
The investigation resulted in a warrant
being sworn out for the arrest of John
Hogan, proprietor of the Beer Garden
saloon at Harbor View, charging him
with receiving stolen goods. Hogan was
examined by the Federal Courts Commis
sioner and his bonds were fixed at $2000.
Since then he disappeared, after present
ing his saloon to Tim Walsh.
It was stated that Hogan used to fill
cases with Government clothing and cart
them downtown, where the articles were
sold Dy him at a handsome profit. In this
way it is said he received fully $20,000
worth of stolen goods and cleared at least
$10,000.
Walsh stated last night that Hogan had
gone away about six weeks ago and he
couid not* tell wnither. A neighbor who
knew Hogan intimately said: "Hogan
used to do a big business in soldiers' cloth
ing."
"The other saloon men were in the same
swindle."
"But they did not do so much of it as
Hogan," was the reply.
Hogan's friends claimed he had gone to
the "old country," but would say no more
about him.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
EMBROIDERIES
EXTRAORDINARY * VALUES!
NOTE THE PRICES!
15,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 5c per yard
18,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 01c per yard
20,000 yards EMBIOIWBRI at 10c per yard
12.000 yards EMBROIDERY at 12k per yard
8.000 yards EMBROIDERY at 15c per yard
16,000 yards at 20c, 25c, 30c, 40c ami 50c per yard
LACES I
8000 yards FREXCH TORCHOJ LACE at 6k per yard
7000 yards FREICfI TORCHOX LACE at 10c per yard
5500 yards FREKH TORCIIOX LACE at 12k per yard
2600 yards BELGIAS TORCHOX LACE at 12k per yard
ISOO yards BELGIAN TOKCIIOX LACE at 20c per yard
We respectfully invite our city patrons
to inspect an exhibition of these Embroid-
eries and Laces in our show windows.
ANTICIPATE YOUR WANTS.
tXf- Samples sent upon application.
gW Country orders receive prompt attention.
£&- Packages delivered free In Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley.
HI, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
Better than
Broths
j
) and
J [Bouillon
!"The ordinary soups, broths
and beef teas are worthless" say
eminent physicians.
J COCOA is the most nourish-
ing and easily digested liquid
food known to science.
a Dyspeptics are compelled to
r drink it instead of tea and coffee.
tlGhirardellfs
* COCOA
is made here — not long in get-
ting to you, therefore FRESH-
EST ; therefore STRONGEST
most NOURISHING, most
ECONOMICAL.
CLEARANCE SALE
for the NEXT 60 DAYS
As I have ordered direct from /s*i
the manufacturers a full and JvSj
complete assortment of the la- f*»JS
test designs In Spkino and Sum- ■»<>. y
mer Goods. 1 therefore offer my J?^aL
entire stock of Woolens now /£ yjga&ti
on hand at Pricks never before mSt^^\\
offered 111 Suu Francisco. . ffi^qkl
GUARANTEED GENUINE "^M II
ENGLISH CASSIMERE %R||
PANTS TO ORDER : MsW§§
FORMERLY REDUCED TO • EtWyHP?
$10.00 $6.50 f fflP
ALL WOOL SUITS ■ I [JgUU
TO ORDER: I 1H
TOBMEBLT BKDrCED TO . ff" ftl X
$25.00 $17.50 118
All other Garments Rkduckd ** Il >^Fiil*syL
In like proportion. You -n-in do TEr*
me 1 a t c O a,Vblfor b^!f i re!s h e I Sr Unl^ "* *"
v Respectfullj- yours,
JOE POHEiNI, The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. Busn,
724 Market St. and mo & iii 2 Market St
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
RIGGS HOUSE,
The Hotel "Par .Excellence"
Of the Satioial Capital. First class In all appolol-
menu. <i. DjcWITT. Trea*.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
OPPRESSION, nunrn mi
SUFFOCATION. [][]|iFfl RY
NEURALGIA, Etc., UUIItU D •
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, OK POWDER.
PAria, J, KSPIC: New Yorlc, E. FOUCJEKA
. & CO. Sold by all Druggist*.
■
NOTICE FOR BIDS.
Notice Inviting Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordi-
nance providing for the issuance and sale oi
bonds for the town of Lincoln for the construe*
tion, acquisition and completion of a water*
works system for the said town of Lincoln foi
fire and other municipal purposes, passed and
approved the 17th day of December, 1895,
ordained that there shall be issued by the said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $500 each, bearing interest at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by tha
Board of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to Bell said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date the
first Monday in January, 1896, and are to be
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond to be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1897. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be made
payable on the first Monday in January in each
succeeding calendar year, until and Including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, in the said
town of Lincoln, I'lacer County, State of Cali-
fornia, and to each of said bonds there is to be
attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond in ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be received by the clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at his office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice up to the hour of 7 o'clock p. m. of the
31st day of January, 1896, and that thereafter
said bonds will be sold by the Board of Trus-
tees of said town to the highest and best bid-
der for cash in gold coin of tne United States.
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to acceptor reject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. Said bonds
will be delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bonds of the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty, both
inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must be
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the same are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
the purchase price payable to the said town of
Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving notice
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and pay for
same as delivered ; and that a failure to take
up and pay for same within the time herein
specified shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself
and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be held and considered as liquidated
damages; and said undertaking may be sued
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages. A deposit
in the United States postoffice of said town of
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deliver said
| bonds signed by the said clerk of the said town
; and witn the senl of said town affixed ad-
! dressed to the purchaser of said bonds at his
j place of business or residence as stated in his
. bid for said bonds, piepaid, thall be deemed
! and taken to be notice to the purchaser from
the date of such deposit, and there shall also
be embodied in said undertaking the pur-
chaser's assent to the form and sufficiency of
such notice.
Dated December 31, 1895.
c F. L. Sandkrs, Town Clerk.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
P.HAIU.EB H. FHILLIPS, ATTORVBT-A*