VOLUME LXXIX.-XO. 172.
Renewed and Persistent Activity Among the Pitiless Plotters Who
Would Show No Mercy to the Ruler of
All the Russias, .
0
Meanwhile Preparations Proceed for the Triumphal Entry Into the City
and tHe Subsequent Coronation of the Czar and
Czarina With Unusual Splendor.
MILAN, Italy, May 19.— According to
advices received by the Daily Secolo irom
Moscojt, the coronation festivals have
caused renewed activity among the Nihil
ists, vrho for a long time past appeared to
have abandoned their attacks upon the
ruler of Russia.
The advices published by the paper are
to the effect that the police of Moscow
hare discovered a place in the city that
was used for the manufacture of bombs.
It is located beneath the street through
which the coronation procession will pass.
It is added that placards have been
posted about the streets calling upon the
The accompanying engraving, which is reproduced from the London Graphic of June 9, 1883, represents an incident
In connection with the coronation of Alexander III, the father of the present Czar, which took place on May 27 of that year.
When the Czar and Czarina entered the Kremlin on the 19th of September, 1882, which incident was depicted in "The Call"
of yesterday, it was expected that the coronation would take place a few days later, but, on account of the threats of the
nihilists, the ceremony was postponed and did not take place until eight months afterward. The preparations for the great
event, which formally marks the ascent of Nicholas to the throne, are more magnificent than those which attended the
coronation of his father, and they are not likely to be interfered with by the members of the society which made the existence
of Alexander HI almost a living death.
people to revolt against the Czar. Several
workmen who were employed in the
preparations making in the Kremlin for
the coronation have been arrested, it be
ing suspected that they are implicated in
the conspiracy against the Czar.
LONDON. En-g., May 19— The story pub
lished by the Secolo of Milan that a Nihi
[ list conspiracy against the life of the Czar
\ has been discovered in Moscow lacks con
firmation and is not believed here.
Over a Hundred thousand Persons
V/ p -Greeted Czar and Czarina.
MOSCOW, Russia, May 19.— More than
a hundred thousand persons awaited the
Czar's arrival for two hours in the ele
gantly decorated Perron. Tne station was
a brilliant spectacle with the glittering
uniforms of nearly every regiment.
The Czarina loo'ked charming in a white
dress and bonnet. The Czar was plainly
clad in the uniform of a captain of infan
try and with no decorations, making a
striking contrast with the brilliant suite.
There were 300 special correspondents on
the platform.
The Duke of Connaught and Duchess of
Connaught arrived here from St. Peters
burg to-day. The Duke will represent his
mother, Queen Victoria, at the coronation
ceremonies.
Admiral Selfridge, U. S. N., whose flag-
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, MAY 20, 1896.
i ship, the cruiser Minneapolis, is lying in
the roads at Cronstadt, also arrived to
day.
The military tattoo, which was scheduled
for to-night to take place in the presence
of the Czar, has been postponed owing to
the inclement weather.
The Grand Duke and Grand Duchess of
Hesse, Prince and Princeas Louise of Bat
tenburp, the hereditary Grand Duke of
i Baden, the Crown Prince of Denmark and
j Prince Sudanam of Japan arrived during
the day and were received at the railroad
station bv members of the imperial family
and guards of nonor, accompanied by
bands.
An especially grand reception has been
accorded to the Emir oT Bokhara, who has
been received in private audience by the
Czar at the Petrovsky Palace, where he
was presented to the Czar. The otner
members of the Bokharan mission were
then received officially in the Audience
Hall. The Khan of Khiva was accorded
a similar reception.
There was no official reception accorded
Admiral Selfndge and party, but they
were met at the station by H. H. D. Pierce,
secretary of the Unit* d States Legation,
and by Lieutenant-Commander R. P.
Rogers, the naval attache to the legation.
Ttie Bishop of Peterboro is here as the
specially accredited legate from the See oi
Canterburv at the coronation. His pres
ence does not excite comment, as no intel
ligent Russian uccepta seriously the re
cently mooted project for effecting a union
between the Anglican and the orthodox
Greek churches.
Crowds of people wait patiently in the
| streets for hours for a glimpse of the
! foreign royal personages in the city.
! When they appear the crowds greet them
respectfully, but almost silently. The
! Russians are not accustomed to indulge in
a noisy demonstration. The brilliancy of
the scene is sadly marred by the persistent
rain.
Two new and resplendent baldachins
have been prepared for the coronation,
one for the Czar and Czarina and the other
i lor the Dowager Czarina. The first is
lavishly overlaid with gold on each of its
four faces, the interior ceiling being
adorned with the imperial arms, including
the chain of the Order of St. Andrew.
Around the imperial shield are grouped
the nine different escutcheons of the king
dom and principalities of Russia. In each
corner is the imperial monogram worked
in the chain of St. Andrew in glittering
folds. On the exterior cornice are em
broidered sixteen large and four small
eagles with the imperial monogram. Al
ternately placed at the corner is a gold
crown in relief and a number of gold eagles
with smaller crowns, upon which are six
teen plumes of black and yellow ostrich
feathers bound with ribbons of the same
national colors.
The imperial baldachin will be borne by
sixteen generals. The second Daldachin is
half the size of the first and similarly but
less elaborately adorned.
The three ancient thrones of Ivan 111,
Michael Teodorovitch and Alexis Mich
aelovitch will be used for the coronation.
The monogram of the Czar is embroidered
upon that of Michael Teodorovitch's
throne, that of the Czarina' upon the
throne of Ivan III, and that of the
Dowager Czarina upon the throne of
Alexis Michaelovitch. The new imperial
standards are mounted upon a black and
yellow shaft surmounted by a gold enam
eled eagle.
It is claimed that the Czar's manifesto
will give amnesties, partial or complete, to
Russian prisoners in Siberia. Those sen
tenced to life penal servitude will receive
mitigation of the sentence, and offenders
domiciled in Siberia will be permitted to
return to any part of European Russia ex
cept St. Petersburg and Moscow. The
sentences of those in jail in European
Russia for serious offences will be reduced
by one-third.
A large number of minor offenders will
be pardoned. Numbers of those who left
the country for political belief will be par
doned on condition of their taking the
oath of allegiance.
The peasantry in certain poor districts
will be excused from arrears of crown
dnes. Even the Jews will not be forgot
ten, and the ill-starred Hebrew agricul
tural colonies at Ekaterinaslav will also
be excused from arrears.
The Czar will probably pardon all Cath
olic priests who have been imprisoned or
sent to Siberia for breach of the public
worship laws, and he also promises
to grant gradually a large measure of re
ligious liberty to all the subjects, includ
ing the Catholics. Cardinal Agliardi, the
Vatican representative at the coronation,
will hand to the Czar an autograph letter
from the Pope urging an extension of re
ligious liberty.
In the first draft of the coronation mani
festo a paragraph provides for the cancel
lation of warnings of the censors standing
against Russian newspapers.which amount
to 3,000,000 of roubles and the suppression of
the papers. Most of the Russian papers
have had a couple of warnings hanging
over their heads for years past.
This paragraph in the manifesto was
omitted at the institution of certain court
ministers. Russian pressmen are naturally
displeased, but it remains to be seen if the
paragraphs will be recovered.
Criminals and debtors will doubtless be
favored and political prisoners will not be
forgotten. The impecunious nobles whose
estates are heavily incumbered will prob
ably be relieved by reductions on the inter
est of their loans. There is also talk of
the sons of merchants and manufacturers
receiving the same rights regarding their
movements as the nobility enjoys.
Members of the Johannesburg
Reform Committee to Serve
Fifteen Years.
Little Hope of John Hays Hammond
and Associates Surviving
the Sentence.
LONDON, Enq., May 19.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Pretoria saying that the executive council
of the Transvaal has decided that Colonel
Frank W. Rhodes, brother of Cecil Rhodes,
Lionel Phillips. George Farrar and John
Hays Hammond, the leaders of the Jo
hannesburg Reform Committee, who were
sentenced to death for high treason, but
whose sentences were subsequently com
muted, shall undergo fifteen yeara' im
prisonment.
It is generally hoped now that this sen
tence will be modified. No decision has
yet been reported in regard to the other
prisoners.
The dispatch does not contain the word
"imprisonment," but the Times assumes
that the sentence does not mean banish
ment because of the expression of the
hope that it would be mitigated. It says
that the sentence is of such excessive rigor
aa to produce almost as painful an impres
sion of surprise as did the sentence of
death. It adds that fifteen years in the
Pretoria jail is almost equivalent to death.
If tbe prisoners were banished there
would be no reason to object, but the de
cision of the council will tend to aggravate
the difficulty.
The Times adds that it cannot believe
that it is the intention of President Kru
ger and the council to persist in enforcing
the decision. x
England ffill Vtit a Modern Fleet in the
Xorih Atlantic.
HALIFAX. N. S., May 19.— One of the
officers of the British warship Intrepid,
now here, stated yesterday that it was the
intention of the Imperial Government to
replace all such vessels as the Tourmaline
and Buzzard on thig station with modern
vessels, and that it is intended also to
increase the strength of the squadron in
numbers as well as in armament It was
currently reported in Portsmouth, he said,
that the Dreadnaught would be stationed
at Halifax. The Dreadnaught carries
over 800 men.
An evening paper says that all boats
and craft of every kind approaching the
Spanish warship Nautilus, now in this
port after dark or cruising in her vicinity
are challenged and armed guards are
posted at the gangway and on the lookout
at various points about the deck. These
precautions, the paper says, are necespary
In a port where there are many Cubans
passing throueh in different vessels and
going and coming from the West Indies.
Tht Nautilus will probably leave Halifax
to-day.
LONDON, Eng., May 19.— In the House
of Commons to-day Mr. Robertsou, Liberal
member of Parliament, asked what prece
dent existed for referring the inquiry into
the affairs of the British South African
Company to a joint committee. Colonial
Secretary Chamberlain in reply stated that
the form which the inquiry would take
had not been determined.
An Accused Negro Assailant Taken From
Jail and Put to Death in
Short Order.
NEW ORLEAMS, La.. May 19.-This
morning early pedestrians who hap
pened to pass the courthouse and
jail in St. Bernard Parish were
horrified to see swaying in the breeze
the body of a man. The news quickly
spread and many hundreds viewed the
grewsome spectacle. Sheriff Nunez was
told and hastened to the scene immed
iately, ordered that the body be cut down
and took it in charge. This was done and
then it was seen that the distorted fea
tures, made hideous by Judge Lynch's
swift justice, were those of Jim Daggle,
alias Jim Glemy, a negro. The news
reached the city last evening from St.
Bernard Parish that a negro had at
tempted to assault a white woman, Mrs.
Meleso, Sunday morning in front of the
Poydras plantation. The news of the at
tempted assault spread through the par
ish and in a short while every one was on
the trail of the assailant. He was cap
tured and placed in the parish prison of
St. Bernard, which is located at Terre Aux
Bocufs.
Was a Brother of Emperor Francis Joseph
of Austria and Very Popular in
Hungary.
VIENNA, ArsTRiA, May 19.— Archduke
Charles Louis, brother of Emperor Francia
Joseph, died this morning. Dispatches
from Budapest say that the announce
ment created sorrow throughout Hungary,
where the Archduke wa? very popular, and
casts a shadow over the celebration of
Hungary's millennium. The principal
celebrations, which were to have taken
place June 8, have been postponed and
mourning officially ordered.
Archduke Charles Louis was born July
30, 1833. His second son, Archduke Otto
Francis Josepn, is now regarded as heir to
the throne of Austria-Hungary. The elder
son, Archduke Francis Ferdinand, who
came heir to the throne after the suicide of
Archduke Rudolph, the Prince Imperial,
and the abdication of his father, is incur
ably ill and consequently incapacitated
from succeeding to the throne.
Death of One of the Spanish General*
Sent to fight Cuban*-
HAVANA, Cuba, May 19.— General Vi
cuna is dead. He was attacked by yellow
fever a few days aero and despite every ef
fort sank rapidly, his death occurring to
day.
General Arolas reports that rebels at
tacked the camp at Artermisa, but were
repulsed. The gunboat Cuba Espanola
fired upon a number of rebels at Ojo del
Toro, who were evidently awaiting the ar
rival of a filibustering expedition.
Rebels made an attack upon the forts at
Gibacoa, near Havana, to-day. The fight
"ing; lasted for five hours, when the in- '
surgents were repulsed. The troops lost
twenty killed and wounded. The losses of '
the insurgents are said to have been heavy. ,
On their retreat the insurgents burned ,
thirty houses.
A column under Colonel Garrido, while
marching from Guantanamoin the r direc
tion of Saeua de Ta'namo, to prevent the ;
rebels from protecting the landing of a
filibustering expedition, which was ex- ;
pected to arrive shortly, met near Canoa a ;
strohc insurgent force. occupying a for- |
midable position. '. The 1 troops : j attacked \
the rebels and dislodged them from . : their i
position. -' The rebel loss -is unknown. i
Eighteen of the troops were seriously and J
fifteen slightly wounded. ■■
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, May
19.— The mining i and industrial outlook
here is very bad. owing to the decision 5 of
the Government in fixing the penalties of
the Reform Committee prisoners. Bar- I
ney Barnato ; has postponed the threat
ened sale of raining and '.other property
pending political developments. .
•
LONDON, Eng., May 19.— United States
Embassador Bayard bad an important in
terview at the Foreign ; Office.' with Lord
Salisbury. The conference lasted an hour,
and at its close Mr. Bayard left the For
eign Oflice, apparently greatly delighted.
*-. '.' -' •-.- ■ ' ' . ♦
BERLIN, Germany, May 19.— The Reich
stag this aft moon passed a resolution
granting the Government credit of 2.000,000
marks for the purpose of adding 4liO men
to the military force in German southwest
Africa.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Absolute Proof of the
Austrian's Premedi
tated Crime.
DODGE HIS INNOCENT
CONFEDERATE.
The Architect Tricked Into Pawn*
ing the Murdered Woman's
Diamonds.
SAID THE GEMS BELONGED TO
MRS. MARKS.
The Hue-and-Cry After Blanther
Growing Hotter Around San
Jose— Lees Confident.
George Dodpe has opened his lip* and
added a new horror to the story of the
murder of Philippina Langfeldt.
Captain Lees has said that he knew the
murder was fully premeditated. His con
fidence grew out of the knowledge of
George Dodge's secret, which was not
kept a secret from him.
For days before the commission of the
slaughter Blanther had been playing upon
j his friend's confidence in him — preparing
j to secure through him speedily what
money he could upon the value of Mrs.
Langfeidt's diamonds.
Witli all the preparations made Blan
ther engaged to meet Dodge and turn over
to him a number of diamonds for a consid
eration agreed upon.
True to this prearranged plan he was at
the tryst, smiling and debonair, rolling
his little cigarettes. He had the diamonds.
He turned them over to Dodge and
Dodge, all unconscious of the part he was
playing, completely deceived as to where
the diamonds had come from, secured tue
money and went with the jesting mur
derer as far as Oakland as has been so
often repeated.
This is the story as Dodge tell3 it:
"For several days prior to the
murder Blanther kept saying that a
fr;end of his. Miss Genevieve Marks, a
divorced woman whom he claimed to ba
upon terms with, had a number of dia
monds which she desired to pledge. He
said she frequented the races and had
tips upon which she could make
a pot of money if she had money
to bet; that she was expecting
money from the East that failed to come,
and as a last resort she proposed to put up
her diamonds.
"Blanther asked me if I could pet the
money for her. He said he had sDoken to
her often of me, of how kind I had been to
him and how appreciative he was; all of
which was intended, I now see, to flatter
and enlist me in his emergency.
'•1 told him I could get the money, but
that I would not do so without a written
warrant from her.
"He came to me the next day with a
note, as follows:
I hereby authorize you to borrow money on
the collateral security given you by me, con
sisting of diamonds. Uenevteve Marks.
"I'pon this I agreed to secure the money
on the collateral he might bring. He kept
saying day after day that he would bring
the diamonds next morning.
"On Saturday morning, when I arrived
at the office, he was sitting there rolling a
cigarette, and apparently In the best of
humor. He took me aside and said:
'That's all right about the diamonds—
I've got them.'
"He showed me two large stones, one of
them worth, I should judge, about $250.
I know something about diamonds.
"I said: 'Very well; I'll get you the
money.' We went rouud into Kearny
street to a broker, whose name I do not
care to give just now, and received a check2
for ?97— that is to pay, $100 less $3 interest.
"Then we went to a bank and I alone
went in and i:ot the check cashed
ami returned to the sidewalk and
handed him the money. He took
it like a prince. It seemed natural to him
to have money, but he lacked the moral
courage to ask for it or to transact ordinary
business, it seemed. I always had to do
this sort oi' thins for him.
'•Well, as I say, he took the money and
handed me $5, asking me to redeem a
dictionary and some other effects that had
been pledged for small amounts.
"Then we walked down to the ferry,
crossed the bay, and parted at Seventh
street and Broadway, as I have told you
before.
"On the way he said to me: 'If any
thing should happen to me I will depend
on you as my friend to take care of that
tin box which (Contains my decorations,
which I hold dearer than life.'
"I promised I would, and, saying he
was going to meet Mrs. Marks and that he
would see me again, we Darted.
"I went out in a yacht on the bay and
heard nothing of the murder until I ar
rived home Sunday morning.
"It ia not necessary for me to tell you
of the feelincs that came over me upon re
alizing all the horror of ihe situation and
the part I had been unwittingly led to play
in it.
"This man had evidently been plan
ning this murder for days if not weeks.
He had effected all hi3 arrangements for
realizing on the diamonds when he should
Kcure them.
"Then taking his razor with him he al
most cut the head from the body of the
woman who trusted him.
"Stripping the diamonds from his
fingers, he went to M3 room, washed him
self, Bhaved, dressed his wounded hand,
and picking the diamonds from their set
tings brought them to me to pledge for
him.
"Can you understand how I must feel,
having made an intimate of this man for
months; having served him as a good
friend, to be brought into this predica
ment by him?"
Mrs. Genevieve Marks was seen at her
residence last evening, at 427 O'Farrell
street, aud questioned as to wi. ether she
had given Blanther any diamonds.
She said she had not. !5be said that
since the first of May she has had nothing
whatever to do with Bianther, and had
seen nothing of him since that time ex
cept for a few minutes on last Thursday
evening, when she intimated to him that
he had better cease coming to see her.
The two diamonds pledged do not, it
should be said, agree in every particular
with the description of the diamonds in
the woman's rings.
One of them is a large stone with a yel
low tinge, the other being a white stone.
Still, as Captain Lees has stated abso
lutely his belief in Blanthers guilt, the
discrepancy is not considered material.
Reports of the Appearance cf
Alleged Blanthers Coming:
In.
The days go by and Joseph Blanthcr,
supposed to have committed the bloody
murder at the KleineberR residence on
Friday night, remains at large.
Nor does Captain Lees grow in confi
dence of liis ultimate capture with the
passing of the days.
"I have evidence enough," he said yes
terday. "What I want now is to capture
the man."
The chief of detectives does not believe
that Blanther went to San Jose. He
thinks that what ho said to Dodge about
going to pee a lady friend in that city was
a bit of fiction intended to cover his trail
when the officers got upon it.
San Jose, however, is alive with officers
on the lookout for the young Austrian,
notwithstanding. The friends he had in
that city are known and their houses are
being matched, especially that of the lady
whom he was in the habit of visiting there.
The search for those of the rings that
have not already been recovered is being
prosecuted among the pawnshops in every
part of the State. Captain Lees sent out
newspapers containing descriptions of
them even before the issuance of the cir
cular of yesterday.
That he did not pledge all the rings in
this City is also reasonably certain.
Those that be did, however, there is every
reason to suppose, have been already re
covered by the police. "We have evidence
in plenty," says Captain Lees. "What we
are after now is the man."
Captain Lees, in discussing the tragedy
yesterday, said: "I am convinced that
this crime was premeditated; that the
murderer took his weapon with him with
the intention of doing just what he did.
The indications are that it had been the
eubject of his thoughts for some time and
that the hour was chosen. It is the act of
a man driven to desperation by poverty
and who simply did not know how to earn
his way in the world."
"\V!;en the possibility vras sujreested to
Captain Lees that Blanther might after all
not be Blanther; that he may have stolen
his iron cross and other decorations, Cap
tain Lees answered decisively :
"That is not possible. I have informa
tion that is conclusive that these things
belonged to this man. They are honors
end distinctions of high degree, but they
have been won by this man just as they
appear on their face that they do."
These decorations are marks of high dis
tinction, and that they ware worn by a
man of Blanther's age .s most unusual.
Blar.ther was a man not disposed to bury
his light under a bushel. On the contrary,
he rather boasted of and exaggerated his
achievement?. Tbat ail who knew him
had not heard of their existence is another
singular thing. George Dodge and others
of his intimates, to be sure, knew of and
had been shown these treasure, but other
wise they were not made much of.
At the Hagans', his Haieht-street lodg
ings, where he lived for some time.
Blanther was referred to as "the Count."
This was more on account of his aristo
cratic bearing and stilted style of talk than
for anything his fellow-lodgers knew.
They understood that he claimed to be a
nobleman and so they talked of him as
"the Count"
A story comes from Stockton that a man
answering the description of Blanther
j passed thrjugh that city yesterday on a
! bicycle; that ne purchased a pair of over
: alls iind said he was on bis way to Oak
land.
The fact that Blanther never rode a
bicycle previous to his departure from this
City Saturday would tend to tbrow some
doubt upon the story. Reports are being
brought to police headquarters continually
with regard to suspects.
It was reported to Captain Lees last
night that a man answering Blanther's
description went into a restaurant on
Bush street, near Kearny, yesterday morn
ing, and sat down at one of the tables.
There were few customers at the time,
and the waiters who noticed him were so
so struck vrith amazement that they could
only stare at him.
When the man became cognizant of the
fact tbat the waiters were staring at him
: he shifted uneasily in his seat for an in
stant, then rose and walked hurriedly out
of the restaurant.
The proprietor did not consider it worth
while to notify the police, but he told a
friend last night and the friend at once re
ported the matter to Captain Lee*.
The captain does not place much re
liance upon the story, but has detailed
one of his men to make an investigation.
Sheriff Cunningham Thinks B!an-
ther Passed Throuch That City
on a Wheel.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 19.— Sheriff Cun
nigham thinks that J. E. Bianther. the
man who is supposed to have murdered
Mrs. Langteldt in San Francisco, passed
through here to-day, and has notified the
authorities at Sacramento and at the
towns between Stockton and that point to
look out for him.
Shortly after 11 o'clock to-day a tall
stranger entered the I X L, one of the large
clothing stores on Main street, and asked
fora combination blue overall suit. He
was waited on by J. Rothschild, one of the
salesmen, and they chatted together for
some time, as the man had a bicycle with
him and Rothschild is one of the lead
ing men of the Terminal • City Wheel
men.
The stranger wore a black clay worsted
frockcoat with black trousers. He also
La : a brown hat and black lace shoes.
These matters did not strike Rothschild
until after the departure of his customer
and until he saw the picture of Blanther
in the San Francisco papers this after
noon, when he at once called the attention
of his fellow-clerks in tbe store to the
remarkable resemblance the roan who
bought the overalls bore to the likeness
and description of the titled Austrian
who is now being sought after by the
police of San Francisco. Sheriff Cunning
ham was notified without delay, and from
the statements made by Rothschild and
others in the store he is convinced that
the man who had passed through here
to-day is Blanther.
What strengthens this belief is the fact
ihat the man was very erect and spoke
With a soft German or Austrian accent
such as is said to characterize the speech
of the supposed murderer of Mrs. Lang
| feldt. He was a man of education and
pleasing manner.
\Vnat excited the clothing clerk's sus
picions even before he saw tue San Fran
cisco papers was the story told by the
man. He had with him a Crescent wheel
of the 1S<«! model, which be said he had
ridden BOO miles, yet his suit of black
clothes were not travel-stained and he had
no parcels or luggage strapped to his
wheel, as would be natural with any one
j making such a Journey. Rothschild also
noticed that he did not seem nsed to
handling a bicycle, and brought hi* wheel
into the store with him when making his
purchase. He told the man who waiu-1
on him that lie intended to wear the over
j alls over his suit, as he wu about to com
plete his journey by making the run be
tween Stockton and Oakland. The over
alls sold the stranger were 35 inches in
the length of the legs and 34 inches in size
, about the waist. The man who made the
| purchase is described as bein<; just about
i the height of Sheriff Cunningham, who is
5 feet II ' 2 ' inches tall.
The Veteran Pan Joaquin County Sheriff
thinks that if the man who was" here is
i Blanther his story about riding to Oak
; land is untrue and that he went on toward
; Sacramento instead. The authorities there
j have been notified.
There seems but one discrepancy in
Rothschild's description of the stranger
and that furnished by the San Francisco
i police of Mrs. Langfeldt's slayer. The
! clothing clerk says the man wore a brown
hat, but thinks it was a Fedora, while
Blanther is described as wearing a brown
Derby. In complexion and -weight they
tally.
Tiie officers here are looking out to-night
! for such a person as was here to-day, but
it is thought by them that he left the city
shortly after making his purchase of over
alls, which would effectually cover up his
black suit.
Officers Are Hunting- for the Sus
pect In the Santa Clara
Metropolis.
SAN* JOSE, Cal., May 19.— The officers
of San Jose are now almost positive that
J. E. Blanther, the slayer of Mrs. Lang
feldt, is in this city.
A stranger applied to-nipht at 10 o'clock
for lodgings at the lodging-house of Peter
Maguire, 50 South Fourth street.
Maguire first noticed the foreign accent.
He then scrutinized the man's face and
appearance and became convinced that
the stranger was Blanther. Tne appli
cant for lodgings was nearly six feet in
height, had a brown mustache and wore a
light brown derby hat. He also wore
glasses.
Maeuire told a stranger that his house
was full. As soon as Blanther left Ma
guire went to the corner and telephoned
to the police and Sheriff's otiice. The
officers have since been searching for the
stranger without success.
Councilman Krieg saw Blanther after
he left the Maguire House. He remarked
to a mend of the remarkable resemblance
to the picture of the murderer published
in the San Francisco Call, but before the
officers arrived on the scene the stranger
had disappeared in the darkness.
♦
Hungarians and Austrians Here
Believe a Blanther Is Not a
Murderer.
"Joseph Blantner is not the murderer of
poor old Mrs. Langfeldt."
That is the startling opinion of the
Austrian-Hungarian colony here.
"No man who has ever been decorated
as he ha- as a first lieutenant in the Sixty
fiifth Austrian Infantry under Archduke
Ludwie Victor and who earned the iron
cross wben he was less than 20 years of
age couid be guilty of such a crime."
As major in the regiment at Bankok,
Siam, King Humbert of Italy conferred
upon him the knighthood of the crown in
1881.
There is not an Austrian in this City
who believes Biantler committed a crime
do matter how venial.
The Austrian-Hungarian idea is clean
cut. They believe that if the murder was
committed Dv the young man who was
known as Blanther the murderer had
assumed a name which did not belong to
him.
It is customary among Hungarians,
Austrians, French, English, Germans and
Russians to register at their respective
consulates when they visit this City.
This is done especially when men of
Von Josef Blanther's standing are on a
tour, and frequently the consulate is noti
fied officially by the home Government of
the arrival of such distinguished people.
In this case the Austrian-Hungarian
Consulate never dreamed that a com
patriot of the distinction in which the
Blanther name is held was in the United
States.
Francis Korbel, the Austrian-Hungarian
Consul in this City, was called upon by a
reporter of this paper last ev nlng.
~"1 have read of the horrible murder of
Mrs. Langfeldt," be said, "and the name
of Blanther was mentioned in the first
articles published. I paid no attention to
that name, as it was thoroughly unfamil
iar. Tbi» morning, however, when the
papers and decorations found in the man's
rooms were published broadcast I became
more interested.
"A man holding such decorations and
such papers must have earned them hon
orably. Such a man is not likely to com
mit murder.
"In consequence I have caused people
to canvass the Hungarian and Austrian
colony to learn whether there has ever
been a Blanther here, and I have found
no one who could give me information in
the matter."
The supposition, as hjnted at by all the
people interviewed, is that the man known
to a few people as Josef Blanther was
masquerading under another man's name.
Captain Lees, who as head of the local
detective force, is engineering the investi
gation in the Langfeldt case, believes that
Blanther is entitled to all hia titles so far
as ownership is concerned. In fact, he
holds back a trump card, so it is under
stood, which is conclusive evidence that
not only Blanther >s a titled man, but one
who has committed a most atrociouB mur
der.
The odd feature of the case is that after
procuring the papers and decorations by
theft or murder, providing this theory is
true, the man Known as Blanther did not
exploit them to their worth in this City.
As a matter of fact he acted as if he was a
real nobleman, who, while starving, had
too much dignity and pride to aliow them
to suffer likewise in making known hia
identity.
Captain Lees accepts this phase of the
situation. He believes that the man he
and his minions are looking for, as the
murderer of Mrs. Langfeldt, is the genuine 1
Blanther who would sooner die of starva
tion than sell the decorations conferred
upon him by two Kings. But, then, why did
he leave his home without them after the
murder he is supposed to have committed ?
There is an element in that which would
lead to the belief that the man known as
Blanther is not the murderer.
At all events the Hungarins and Aus
triausof this City are strong with argu
ments on all sides, particularly on that
which stigmatizes the wearer of the iron
cross, a knight of the crown and a lieuten
ant under Archduke Ludwig Victor as a
murderer. That they will not entertain.
It must be some other man.
Daniel Eisner Tells About His
Acquaintance With the
Suspect.
Even' indication at the present writing
points to the probability of there being
another dark and mysterious chapter in
the career of Josef von Blanther, or, as be
preferred to be known since coming to this
City, Joseph Blanther, besides tne murder
and robbery of Mrs. Pnilippina Langfeldt.
This was incidentally developed yester
day during the course of a consultation
between Captain Lees and Daniel Eisner,
an ex-officer of the Austrian army and a
former comrade in arms of the missing
man and suspected murderer.
And not only was the coming of Blan
ther to this country under auspicious cir
cumstances brought to light, but the fact
was clearly established that he is of the
blue blood of Austria, and that by his own
merit he secured the place among the
noble gentry of the domain of Emperor
Francis Joseph.
Mr. Eisner is a furrier, whose place of
business is on Kearny street, and he and
Blanther were cadets together in one of
the Austrian military schools, and after
ward were attached to the same infantry
I regiment, the Twenty-third.
Later, when the Austrian army went to
Bosnia-Buckowina, Blanther was trans
ferred to the Sixty-fourth Infantry Regi
ment.
Blanttier distinguished himself on the
field of battle by covering the retreat o! a
detachment of Austrians by a bold and in
genious strategy, and it was for tbis he re
ceived tbe high and exceptional honor of
being decorated with the iron cross. He
was subsequently promoted to be a lieuten
ant and thtin fi rat lieutenant
In 1882 he entered the service of the King
of Siam as military instructor, but with
out resigning his position in the Austrian
army. On leaving Siam he returned to
Austria and later came to this country. It
is this last step that is a mystery.
Mr. Eisner had never met Blanther in
this city and only recognized him on see
ing his picture in The Call.
Blanther's Last Communication to
the Object of His Unrequited
Affection.
W hen Blantber was given to understand
on Thursday lat>t that Mrs. Marks desired
to have nothing further to do with him
ho left in seeming anger, but on the day
following his harsher feelings were appar
ently overcome by his softer passion and
he sent the lady for whom he evidently
felt a deep attachment the following crude
effort at poetry:
Mat IS, 1896.
A last fabewei.i-
I wrote of love, the pen ran fleet
With many a sweet conceit and rhyme.
In many a land and many a time
Of love, of love, I loved to read.
Until my own bean felt dispelled,
Oh, then, how goon by pen refused
To be with love's fair theme amused.
Since what love wus I knew too well
The sight of ship, the rolling sea.
The changing wind to sine for me,
The moon-bound tide a crimson weat .
Kode like a colden argosy.
With mist-like rays in cloud-sails dressed.
A voyager on an endless quest.
Calls now a last farewell to thee.
On Jupiter I will find thee free;
Like a slave struggling to be free,
Out of this mountain land I flee.
Thou own'st my heart from first to last—
Keinember, sometimes, the happy past.'
J. K. i'.I.ANTIfER.
On the back of the manuscript was the
following inscription:
After "Ardath" is react will suggest "Lutnt
nem" and "Light of Asia." These books are
enough foundation to start with the study of
thcosopny. . ■ ■ J. E. B.
DETROIT, Mich., May 19.— The Amal
gamated Association of Iron and Steel
Workers began its twenty-first annual ses
sion here lo-day. About 250 delegates were
present when President Garland rapped
the assemblage to order. No business was
transacted to-day, the time being occupied
with an address of welcome.
Causes a Revival of the
Sectarian Question in
the Senate.
RELIGION IS DEFENDED,
John Sherman Favors Any Form
of Teaching the Truths
of the Bible.
ADOPTION OF THE AMENDMENT
•
Considerable Argument Before the
District of Cclumbia Appropri
ations Are Approve!
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— The
Senate gave its attention almost exclu
sively to-day to the District of Columbia
appropriation bill.
A great deal of debate occurred over the
question of charities and hospitals, the
House bill appropriating a sum to be dis
tributed under contract with the existing
institutions and the Senate committee
amendment strising out that provision
and substituting for it the usual specific
items for the various hospitals, orphan
asylums and other institutions.
It was this provision that was sustained
by the Senate by a vote of 35 to 13.
The only two general appropriation
bills remaining to be acted on by the
Senate are the fortification bill aad the
deficiency bill.
The District of Columbia appropriation
bill was the feature of the session. As it
passed the House the bill appropriated
$5,418,9<>0, and as reported to the Senate
was increased to $6,W)l,S98, about $800,000
less tban the estimates of the District
Commissioners. Half of the amount
comes out of the treasury and the other
half out of the district revenues.
The first matter that led to any discus
sion was the provision "for charities." As
the bill passed the House it contained an
appropriation of ffM.TOO to be expended
under the direction of the District Com
missioners. The Senate committee re
ported an amendment striking out that
provision and making appropriations
directly to the several churches, institu
tions, orphanages and hospitals as usual.
The amendment of the committee was
opposed by Platt (R.)of Connecticut. It
was also opposed by Peffer and advocated
by Teller (R.) of Colorado, in charge of the
bill, who said that there were no adequate
reasons for such charities.
A protest against the amendment was
made by Gallinger (R.) of New Hamp
shire.
The opinion of Sherman (R.) of Ohio
was that the present system should not be
struck down until a proper Government
provision wa3 made for the sick and needy
of the district. Touching the sectarian
view of the subject, he declared that any
religion was better than no religion. He
believed in any form of religion that re
quired an appeal to the Almighty and
that taught the general truths of the
Bible. All the charitable organizations of
the district had been built up by charita
ble, religious people and had been encour
aged by annual appropriations for more
than forty year?; that aid should not be
cut off from them suddenly nor until the
Government was properly prepared to deal
kindly and charitably and well with the
poor and sick. He was, therefore, in favor
of the amendment reported by the com
mittee.
Gorman (D.) of Maryland and Cockrell
(D.) of Missouri also spoke in favor of the
amendment.
Gallinger disclaimed being actuated by
any sectarian feeling in opposing the
amendment. Whatever might be his
faults, he was not bo narrow-minded as to
desire to do an injustice to or put an obsta
cle in the way of any religious association
in its charitable work. He had no such
feeling. He hoped he would never be
come so warped as to cast a vote or to utter
a word in that direction. But there were,
he said, in the amendment certain mstiiu
tions that were manifestly sectarian. He
had been brought ud in an atmosphere
where the churches, too, are of the poor
and did not go to the treasury of the
cities or States for aid, and he knewwio
reason why New Hampshire or any other
State should be taxed for the purpose of
helping religious organizations to carry
on work of any kind, whether charitable
or otherwise.
Allison (R.) of Iowa defended the action
of the committee in reporting the amend
ment. He declared the committee was
anxious to meet the views of the House,
but that they appeared to be impractica
ble.
Alter further discussion the vote was
taken and it was agreed to— ayes 35, noes
13, as follows:
Ayes— Aldrich, Allen, Allison, Bacon, Bates,
Berry, Blackburn, Caffery, Cameron, Carter*,
Chandler, Cockrell, Cullom, Faulkner, Gor
man, Cray, Hale, Harris, Hawley, Hill, Jones
CArk.), Kyle, McBride, Pascoe, Perkins, Petti
grew, Roach, Shoup, Stewart, Teller, Vest,
Waltnall, Wetmore, White, Wilson— 35.
Noes— Baker, Brown, tfurrows, Cannon, Chil
ton, Clark, Gallinger, George, Mills, Kelson,
Peffer, Platt, Warren— 13.
In connection with the appropriation
for charities an amendment was reported
by the committee and was agreed to for
the appointment of a joint selection of
three Senators and three Representatives
to investigate the various institutions of
the District of Columbia, and to report,
among other things, whether any of the
Government appropriations have been ustd
to maintain or aid any church or religious
denomination.
The bill was then passed, and after a
short executive session the Senate at 6
o'clock adjourned until to-morrow.
Popularity of the Sport of King Shown
at Morris Park.
MORRIS PARK RACE TRACK, R, Y..
May 19.— The popularity of racing was put
to another test at Morris Park to-day and
came through the ordeal triumphait.
The outlook was anything but promising
for an agreeable day when ; the exodus
from the I city began. The heat was in
tense, and there was every indication of a
storm. This did not affect the attendance
in , the least. Fully 6000 ' people took
chances on the weather. The weather for
the first time this season lived up to its
promises. Th« rain, for which every
I horseman and countryman has been pray-
ing since the racing season began, made
its appearance while the horses were at
the Dost for the first race. It -was pre
ceded by an electrical storm. The rain
quickly converted the dust with which the
track was heavily coated into soft mud.
Six furlongs— Crest won. Abuse second,
Titmouse third. Time, 1:15K<
One mile, Benalum won, sVhtaveno second,
Whipcord third. Time, 1:46J£.
Five furlongs, Arbuckle won. Lithos second,
Royal Alice third. Time, 1:01}^.
Five furlongs, Beldemere won, Cromwell
second, Hanwell third. Time. 1 :02},£.
Five and a half furlongs, Haphazard won,
Talisman second, Manxman third. Time.
1 toy' 2'
One and a sixteenth miles— Maxim
won, Volley second, Dorian third. Time.
1:49}*.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., May 19.— The
meeting here closed to-day.
Three-fourths of a mile, Strathreel won,
Century second, The Dragon third. Time,
1:1 6££
Three-fourths of a mile, Roy Caruthers won,
Orioii second, Seolo third. Time, :50}£.
One mile, Lester won, Dorga second, Mate
third. Time, 1:47.
The Burlington stakes, five-eighths of a mile,
Ethel Lee won, Lady T second, Chappie third.
Time, 1:03.
Seven-eighths of a mile— Nannie D won,
James Munroe second, Hardenburg third.
Time, 1:31}£. b
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 19.— track was
ankle deep with mud, and favorites got
the money in only two races, the others
going to second selections. Track slow.
Attendance 2500.
Five and a half furlongs, Oath won, Johnny
Mo.Hale second, Cars third. Time, 1 -.OS';;.
Four and a half furlongs. Buck \ idere
won, Algol second, Satyre third. Time, :57, l v
Seven furlongs, Battledore won, Sycamore
second, Midland third. Time, 1:34.
' Six furlongs, David won. 1'amiro second,
Hands pun third. Time, 1:18#.
One and a sixteenth miles, Jane won, Sun
burst second, Hawthorne third. Time, 1:55.
CHICAGO, Ir.L., May 19.— Sheffield
closed its fifteen days' meeting to-day and
to-morrow the racing scene in the northern
part of Indiana will shift to Lakeside,
formerly known as Roby. Favorites fared
badly to-day, as only one out and out first
choice won.
Five and a half furlongs, Chenoa won, Pots
dam second, Cunarder third. Time, 1 :13V£.
Five furlongs, Yours Truly won, Provident
second, HessvUle third. Time. l:06>£.
Five and a half furlongs, Mv Hebe won,
Hinda second, Mary L. third. Ti'me, 1:12.
Seven furlongs, Sunny won, Otho second,
Gratz Hanley third. Time, 1:34* v
Five furlongs, Uncas won, May Ashley sec
ond, Walkover third. Time, 1 :04^.
Six furlonge, Simons won. May Fern second,
Merry Monarch third. Time, 1 :17^.
ritillie* Outplayed at Every Point by the
Cincinnati*.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 19.—Cleve
land-Baltimore game postponed. Wet
grounds.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. May 19.— The Phil
lies were outplayed at every point in to
day's game. To-day's win places the Reds
in first place in the race. Attendance 400.
Score :
Clnclnnntis 10200050*— 8 9 2
Ptailadelphins 0 110 0 0 0 0 0—2 7 3
Hatteries— Dwyer and Peitz; Taylor and Clem
ents. Umpire— Kaefe.
CHICAGO, III., May 19.— The New
York?, with Clarke in the box, had no
trouble in shutting out the Colts to-day.
Only two of the locals reached second base,
but could get no further. Score:
Ihlcaeos • 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 0—0 5 0
New Yorks 0 0 0 0 10 0 6 0-7 9 1
Butteries— Friend and Kittridge; Clarke and
Wilson. Umpire— Sheridan.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. May 19.— Pittsburg
won an exciting ten-inning game from
Brooklyn to-day. The game abounded in
brilliant plays. Attendance 2500. Score:
Pittsburffs 0011100102—6 13 3
Brooklyns OOOaaOOOOl-5 12 3
Batteries— Hugbey and Sudden; Kennedy and
Burrell.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 19.— No frame.
Wet grounds.
Bidding Slow at the laxij Blum Jiitbon
Sale.
CLEVELAND, Qmo, Hay 19.— There
were about 400 horsemen on hand at the
Fasig blue ribbon sale which opened to
day. Bidding waa not very good and prices
ruled low, many Bales being made at leas
than $100. The principal sales were:
Rensselaer Wilkes, 2:11^, to Alonzo Mc-
Donald of Buffalo, $1,750; Prince Alexis,
2:20, to J. E. French, Cleveland, $700;
Havillah,2:18, J. E. French, $500; Forest
Wilkes. 2:09}*,', J. O. Denny, Ligonipr. lnd.,
$700; Courene, 2:18>£, George Bowerman,
Lexington, $3550; Mackay, Georpe W.
Saunders, Cleveland, $1300: Prince Edsall,
2:16'£, J. M. Gaige, Cleveland, $580.
CHICAGO, May 19.— Schaefer won the
second of the billiard tournament games
at Central Music Hall to-night, defeating
Gamier 500 to 275. The Wizard's playing
was below his average performance, partly
on account of the new game. Except for
a brilliant run of 96 in the seventeenth
inning, Schaefer played slow and failed
to get his oM-time stroke. Score: Schaefer
500, high run 96, average 11 27-43; Gamier
•275, high run 43, average 6 23-43.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.-By the
confirmation of Frank \V. Joplin, nomi
nated some months ago to he postmaster at
Elizabetbtown. Ky., the sister of the late
President Abraham Lincoln retires from
this office. This woman, Emily T. Helm,
had held the offic • for several years, and
when her successor was named her friends
made an energetic tight in her behalf.
They succeeded in holding the nomina
tion in committee until yesterday, when
confirmation was had without opposition.
The place pays $1400.
It Broke Up the Cabinet Meeting at the
'iiw *'»/»«« "House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— A
terrific storm of wind, rain and hail, which
passed over "Washington between 12 and 1
o'clock to-day broke up the Cabinet meet
ing in progress at the White House. The
President and his advisers went to tha
windows of the Cabinei room to witness the
storm. Several I o! the tine old trees, both
in front and in the rear of the White
House, were blown down, while wholesale
destruction was worked among t e grow
ine palms. All over the city the record is
one of similar disaster to arboriculture,
the beautiful trees for which Washington
is celebrated suffered greatly. Neverthe
less the damage was less than expected.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May l9._The
President has approved the act authoriz
idg the entry of foreign laborers at the
Tennessee Centennial Exhibition in 1807
and to allow the free relp.n of articles ex
ported from the United States for exhibi
tion purposes; for tho relief of A. P.
Brown, late Postmaster at Lemars, Iowa;
to provide a life-saving station at Point
Bonita, Ca).; authorizing Navajo County.
Ariz., to issue bonds and donating cannon
to Mountain View (Cal.) Cemetery Asso
ciation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.-The
Senate to-duy confirmed the nomination
of John C. Tarsney of Missouri to be As
sociate Judtje of the Supreme Court of
Oklahoma.Not to Be Permitted to
Name the Deep-Harbor
Site Commission.
SENATOR WHITE WINS.
Uses Some Vigorous Language
Beiore the Conference
Committee.
HOOKER FIGURES AS A C ATSPAW
It Is Now Certain That the Amend
ment Recently Passed Will
Not Be Set Aside.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— Senator
White appeared beiore the conference
committee on the river and harbor bill
this morning and made such a vigorous
protest against their appointment of a
board to select a deep-harbor site that they
finally yielded. At least, Senator White
was informed to-night by a member of the
committee that this (the only remaining
item of dispute) will probably be settled
to-morrow morning and that the confer
ence committee will agree to the amend
ment proposed by Frye on Tuesday a week
as:o and passed by the Senate, providing for
a board of one naval officer, one officer of
the Coast and Geodetic Survey and three
civil engineers to be appointed by the
President.
White used some vigorous language be
fore the committee this morning. He ad
dressed bis remarks particularly to Hooter
of New York, chairman of the House Com
mittee on Rivers and Harbors, who is a
member of the conference committee and
one of those who desired to repudiate
F rye's Senate compromise.
The fact is that Frye himself is tne one
who proposed to substitute a board to be
appointed by the conference committee,
but he is making Hooker his catspaw.
Senator White said to the committee
this morning (while ostensioly addressing
tiis remarks to Hooker):
'•1 understand there is some hitch about
the deep-vrater harbor matter, and that
surae members of this committee want to
iute a board to be appointed by
themselves to make a deep harbor loca
tion instead of leaving the selection of
such ;i board to the President, Secretary
ui the Navy and Superintendent of Coast
and Geodeiic Survey. I would like to
know just why this substitution is de
sired."
Frye remained silent, but Hooker un
<k-r:akine to speak for the committee,
' The President nniriu not make
api Mintmeals, and if he did the ap
pointees might not accept."
This ludicrous explanation was so pal
pably weak that Senator Wnite could only
say: "Wiiy. my dear sir, the Executive
will not refuse to carry oat the act of
( ■.ri^ress, and do you think for one mo
nifiu that the gentlemen appointed to
make this selection will refuse to serve?
The item appropriates $50,000 to pay five
commissioners for only a few months'
work. Do you think they could refuse
eight or ten thousand dollars each for this
service? What direct personal interest
have you in California affairs? 1 hereby
serve notice that if the amendment pro
posed by Senator Frye and passed by the
Senate is repudiated 1 will use my best
endeavors to show to the Senate that there
is another motive back of all this. Another
question I would like answered is, 'Why
do you threaten to strike out the San
Pedro inner harbor unless you have your
way and appoint the outer harbor board
yourselves?' "
Hooker replied: "Because unless pro
vision is made for an outer harbor there
•will be no need for inner harbor improve
ments."
White replied hotly: only confess
that you know nothing about California
harbor matters. The inner-harbor project
ha- nothing whatever to do with the outer
harbor. You expose your dense igno
rance."
White was angrily aggressive and a per
sonal encounter between the two men
teemed imminent. White finally went
out of the committee-room, however, leav
ing the conferees silent and amazed at the
Californian's outburst. Frye, however,
stubbornly refused to yieid and made out
a list of live names to be appoint-d mem
bers of the board to select the harbor.
They were as follows: Rear- Admiral J. G.
"Walker, T. C. Mendenhall, Jate superin
tendent of the Coast and Goedetic Survey ;
Thomas C. Clark, president of the Ameri
can Society of Engineers; Alfred Noble of
New York anu Colonel H. G. Prout of New
York. These names were handed to
Senator Wnite latter in the day with the
request that he consult the chief of the
War Department engineers, Craighill, as
to the character and competency. Mr.
White saw Craighill and then reported to
his colleagues. "It was as 1 expected.
Of course, Mr. Craighill did not care to
express any opinion about these engi
neers."
Late this afternoon Senators Gorman
and Fauikner said to Frye that it would
never do for the Senate conferees to re
pudiate t e amendment proposed by Frye
and passed by the Senate. They said it
would provoke great hostility ana in the
end would be disgraceful. r>ye probably
yielded to their advice, for to-night Sena
tor White received word that the confer
ence committee would recede from its posi
tion and recommend the Senate amend
ment providing for a board to be appointed
by the President, Secretary of the Navy
and Superintendent of the Coast and
Goedetic c urvey.
However, in view of the treachery of
Frye as evidenced of late, they do not by
any means feel assured that all is well, but
whatever m:ty be the report of the confer
ence committee, on»? thing is sure, the
Senate will have to stand by its action of
last Tuesday or else no river and harbor
bill conference report will be passed in the
Senate. Many Senators are indignant at
Senator Frye's treachery and are reticently
beginning to believe that he ha^ some self
ish interest in Huntinpton's success.
The deep harbor matter is the only point
not yet settled. The committee decided
to recommend tne continuous contract for
Oakland iiarbor, but decreases the appro
priation to be available next fiscal year
from $75,000 to $50,000. The restraining
barrier (Yuba River) remains unchanged.
There la Yet a Hitch in the Land Clot-
aifleation Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— Among
California arrivals ye W. C. Ralston and
Charles S. Greene of San Francisco. Mr.
Ralston stopped over en route from New
York to look after the miners' interests.
The conference committee on River and
Harbor both agreed to let the appropria
tion for restraining works on the Yuba
River remain as it is in the bill as it
passed the Senate.
The bill to classify California mineral
lands, having been amended in the Senate
so as to include Oregon, went back to the
House, wnere it was referred to the Com
mittee on Public Lands. The committee
reported in favor of adopting the Senate
amendment, but for some reason which
the California Senators and Representa
tives cannot understand the muuagers in
the House have neglected to bring up the
bill so as to nave the Senate amendment
concurred in.
Several days ago Speaker Reed promised
Representative Loud that be would recog
nize him for the purpose of calling up the
bill, but he has not kept his word. The
Californians are fearful that the matter
will be delayed too long, and cannot un
derstand why Speaker Reed does not
recognize some Californian.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— The
Senate in executive session to-day con
firmed the nomination of Dominic I. Mur
phy, nominated to be Commissioner of
Pensions and then reconsidered its action.
He will be confirmed at a subsequent ses
sion. Mr. Murphy was confirmed without
opposition, Senators Chandler, Galliufjer,
Harris, Cockrell and others making
speeches in his favor. Confirmation re
sulted witLout the formality of a vote.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19. -The
War Department took cognizance of the
Indian trouble on the Tongue River Res
ervation, Mont., by sending telegraphic
directions to General Brooke, command
inf the military department of Dakota at
St. Paul, to dispatch such troops to the
scene of the hostile district as hu may
deem necessary.
Changes in the Sundry Civil
Bill Decided Upon by the
Conferees.
Eighty Thousand Dollars for a Light
ship for San Francisco
Harbor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— The
conferees on the sundry civil bill to-day
made a partial report on the items of the
biil in dispute in the two houses. The
following are amendments made by the
' Senate to which the House conferees have
i agreed:
Directing the Treasury to submit plans
i for a hall of records in Washington, D. C.
Appropriating $80,000 each for liprht
ships for service off lire Island, N. Y., off
Diamond Show, Cape Hatteras and in San
Francisco Bay.
Permitting officers of the revenue cutter
service to make allotments of their pay.
Salary of Consul at Alexandrettn, Turk
ish dominions, $1500.
Authorizing the necessary office rent for
the Venezuela Commission to be paid
from the $100,000 heretofore appropriated
for the expenses of the commission.
Increasing from $50,000 to $100,000 the
appropriation for the military-post at Spo
icane, Wash. Appropriating $40,000 eac;>
for improvements at fort Harrison ami
Fort Russell, Wyo.
Appropriating $50,000 for expenses of the
California Debris Commission.
Appropriating $12,500 for 2500 sets of the
historical puDiicaiion of General James D.
McBride and directing their distribution.
Increasing iroin $5000 to $12,000 the
amount for purchase of reindeer for
Alaska.
The Senate conferees receded from the
following amendments ana they were
stricken from the bill :
Appropriating $50,000, $50,000 and $200,
000 for steam revenue cutters for service
respectively on the Gulf of Mexico, Pacific
Coast and vicinity of New York.
For purchase of a machine gun of mus
ket calioer, $15,000.
Increasing from $300,000 to $400,000 the
amount for new buildings for military
posts.
For telegraph cable between Alcatraz
Island and Angel Island, Cal., $6000.
Under the expenses of United States
courts compromises were reached. The
item of $817,000 for fees and expenses of
United States marshals and deputies as
passed by the House was increased by
the Senate to $1,51X1,000. As finally
a. reed upon the amount is $1,000,
000. For salaries and fees and United
States District Attorneys the Senate in
creased the amount from $205,000 to $400,
000 and the compromise is at $275,000.
Salaries of Assistant United States Attor
neys—House $65,000, Senate $100,000;
agreed to $85,00u. Fees of clerks — House
$105,000, Senate $300,000; compromise,
$220,000. Fees United States Commission
ers—House $170,000, Senate $300,000;
compromise, $225,000. Fees of jurors —
House $400,000. Senate $«00,000; compro
mise $533,000. Fees of witnesses — House
$750,000, Senate $1,400,000; compromise,
$1, 006,000. Support of United States pris
oners — House $320,000, Senate $6uQ,000;
compromise, $4<J0,000.
Hill a to Jie Favorably jieported to the
House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— The
House Commerce Committee to-day favor
ably reported the following bills: Provid
ing that' no telegraph or cable company
enjoying exclusive privileges or franchise
from foreign Governments may land their
lines in this country without the consent
of Congress; for the appointment of a sur
veyor of custotns«at DeB MoineB, Iowa.
Last week the committee passed aresc
lution to withdraw from the House the
Sherman ■ bill, which had been reported a
few weeks previously and amended, and
the imprisonment feature of the interstate
commerce law, by substituting therelor a
line of $15,000 ; for each violation of the
statute. To-day the committee rescinded
that action. Tuis leaves the bill on the
calendar of the House, with favorable
report from the committee. The motion
to this effect was carried by a vote of 10
to 4.
The committee adoDted a resolution in
viting members of the Interstate Com
mission, boards* of trade and other inter
ested persons to appear at the next meet
ing and be heard with reference to the
Sherman bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— The
accuracy of the dispatch from La Porte.
Ind., relative to Senator Voorhees !s de
nied by the family and the Senator's
friends. Senator Voorhees is steadily re
gaining his bealtn, and it is his intention
to participate in the coming campaign it,
hi:- Slate, as the campaigu will result in
the election of a Legislature whicu will
choose Senator Voorhees' successor. The
close friends of Voorhees say that not only
will he take part in that cnmpaiRn, but
that he expects to be re-elected Senator
for another term, beginning March 4 next.
Silver Advocates of Iowa
Will Rule the Convention
at Dubuque.
GOLD MEN TO PROTEST.
Although Outnumbered Three to
One They Will Fight to the
Last Ditch.
BOOMING THE EX-GOVERNOB.
Democrats Who Are Ready to De
nounce Cleveland and His "Sound
Money" Policy.
DUBUQUE, Iowa, May 19.— The repre
eentatives of the Democracy of the Hawk
eye State, who will assemble here to-mor
row, will declare for free silver in language
more emphatic than that employed by
any convention of the party that so far
this year has adopted a platform, and will
present Horace Boies as candidate for the
Presidential nomination on the Demo
cratic ticket. The ex-Governor will make
ail address indorsing the 16 to 1 doctrine,
and receding from the altitude he has hith
erto assumed, and will announce that he
places liimself in the hands of friends.
This is the programme as outlined by the
leaders of the dominant element.
Vhere are indications, however, that it
will not be carried through without possi
ble scenes of turbulence and disorder. Al
though outnumbered three to one, the
gold-standard advocates, led by ex-Con-
Kressnian Harper, will tight to the last
ditch.
Ttis decision was reached at a caucus of
the sound-money delegates held this after
noon and lasting for two hours. Of the
100 or more present about twenty discussed
the situation in all its phases and in the
outcome a committee was appointed to
take charge of the interests of the minor
ity in the convention and further, as the
resolution read, "to protest to the end
against any unprecedented action on the
part of the majority."
This note of defiance was intended in
the main as a reply to the announced in
tention of the siiverites to turn down Hon.
Samuel S. Wright of Tipton, who months
ago was selected by the State Committee
as temporary chairman and who propo-ed
to make a ringing sound money address.
When this came this morning to the
knowledge of the white metal leaders it
was at once given out that Wright would
be displaced and this afternoon a commit
tee waited upon the State Central Com
mittee and announced in behalf of the
delegates from the eleventh and other
Congressional districts that Wright would
be regarded as persona non grata to the
majority of the convention and that
therefore his engagement to deliver the
opening address should be canceled.
Although a quorum of the State Com
mittee was present, they evaded the situa
tion by referring it to a full meeting of the
body, to be held an hour before the open
ing of the convention.
The sound-money people are in the ma
jority on the committee, and it is given
out to-night that it will stand by Wright.
In this event, when his name is presented
the silver majority will nominate S. M.
Carr of Manchester, and who, of course,
will be selected.
Less than a month ago a letter was
written by ex-Governor Boies, in which
he stated that he could not and would not
allow his name to be usea in connection
with the Presidential nomination.
To-night the ex-Governor was asked
whether, in the manifest sentiment of the
majority of the d> legates and the plans of
the leaders, he still maintained tnat posi
tion. To this he replied : "That is a mat
ter upon which I do not wish to express
myself prior to the opening of the conven
tion."
"Is that to be taken as an indication
that you have receded from your expressed
determination of a month since?"
"The United Press may draw its own
references and conclusions. I am not pre
pared io answer yes or no."
The conversation occurred in the ro
tunda of a big hotel and was almost
drowned by shout3 of "Boies for Presi
dent" that came from a crowd of his en
thusiastic friends.
There is a disposition among a large
number of the delegates toward including
in the platform a condemnation of the ad
ministration for its policy. There was
handed around among the delegates to
night a proposed plank emanating from
an Towa City Democrat and which reads:
"It is the further opinion of this conven
tion that Grover Cleveland has forfeited
the confidence of the people and betrayed
the trust involved in his election."
The more conservative of the silverites,
however, oppose any pronounced criticism
of the administration. Ex-Governor Boies
will head the silver delegation at largeaud
S. B. Evans, ex-Lieutenant Governor Be
stow of Chariton, William A. Wells of Al
ton and ex-Senator Began will be his asso
ciates. There are ten candidates in the
field.
Colonel Wright arrived to-night, and on
being advised of the situation, announced
as his ultimatum that he would officiate as
temporary chairman and make his sound
money speech, unless the majority ruled
otherwise.
At a caucus of silver men to-night the
gold standard minority was vigorously de
nounced for its efforts to split the party,
and it was decided to insert a paragraph in
the platform instructing the delegates at
large and the district delegates to vote as a
unit for free coinage.
At 11 o'clock the State Central Com
mittee went into session and received a
deputation from the silver caucus, which
presented a protest against Wright officiat
ing as temporary chairman. It was argued
that this would make it impossible for the
name of ex-Governor Boies to be placed in
nomination. The logic of this argument
was conceded by the delegation, and after
it withdrew the committee decided to
maintain its position and present Wright
as the temporary presiding officer.
/ nit ■»•« stimf Vroeeedinaa Protniaea at thv
South Carolina Convention.
COLUMBIA, S. C, May 19.— The Demo
cratic State Convention will assemble in
Columbia to-morrow. The proceedings
promise to be quite interesting, iuauinuch ,
as Senators Tillman and Irby and Gover
nor Evans are members of the body.
To-day the city is full of delegates and
they contine to arrive on every train.
All indications are that Tillman and
Evans will control the convention and that
no delegate will be sent to Chicago who is
not willing to leave the hall in case anti
free silver action is taken.
The platform will be in accordance with
the expressed views of Senator Till
man on the money question. It is well
Bettleil that TiHnian and Evans will be
delegates-at-iarge, with W. D. Evans as a
possible third. Irby is to be on hand and
will doubtless make a fight, but all the in
dications point to his defeat.
Democrat* of South Dakota Will Cham
pion the White Metal.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., May 19.— Reports
from the various counties in the State
show that the State Democratic Conven
tiou, which meets to-morrow, will be
overwhelmingly for free silver. The fol
lowing counties have instructed tneir
delegates for the white metal: Aurora,
Botter. Day, Lake, Kingsbury, Miner,
Douglas, Hutchinson, Beadle, Yankton,
tfrule, Spink, Soloberts. Jareuld, Bon
bomme.
The only ones for gold east of the Mis
souri River are I'nion and Mooriy. The
delegates slated :or Chicago are: Judge
Garland, J. M. Woods, Colonel W. R.
Steele, S. Ross, E. W. Miller and True
Child.
Tht Kentucky Mirer Wing May Control
the Chicago Convention.
CHICAGO, III., May 19.— Secretary Nel
son of tho Democratic State Committee
gave out a statement to-day, iii which he
claimed that if Kentucky for silver
the National Convention will be controlled
by that faction of the party. He declared
that the fisrht for silver was practically
won in Illinois, 304 delegates being in
structed for silver and Altgeld out of 33 r » so
far elected throughout the State, and only
seven for gold. He said the majority of
the uninstructed delegates were for silver,
and even Controller Eckels' county — La
salle — went against gold yesterday. He
predicted a sweeping victory for silver in
Cook County next week.
Will Aatn« Zer*rl»»</ for President and
Jtain /or t ice.fretMent.
CHICAGO, III.. May 19.— For Presi
dent, Joshua A. Levering of Maryland;
for Vice-President, George W. Bain of
Kentucky. Thifl is the ticket that, barring
unforeseen accidents, will be nominated
by the National Prohibition Convention
which assembles at Pittsburg next week.
A canvass of the members of the various
State delegations so far selected indicates
that, the Baltimcire Prohibitionist will
have a wa.'kover lor the tir^t place on the
ticket, while for the second place the Ken
tucky temperance orator is acceptable to
Mr. Levering'? friends, who are willing to
throw the nomination to Kentucky as a
sop to the Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union, which organization has been
active in champinnin;: his claims.
Quay AnxiouB to Hare an Interrieicj
With thr Majur.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19.— It is
possible that Senator Quay will visit Mr.
McKinley at his home in Canton in a few
days. Tli is visit depends on tbo ability of
Mr. Quay to get away from Washington.
"I had Loped to pay a visit to Major
McKinley shortly,' said he. "'I am very
anxious to j»o to ray home in Beaver and
as this is but a short distance from Can
ton, I will then run over there and see JJr.
McKinley. There lias been a great deal of
talk about McKinley's views and it oc
curred to me that it would be a good thing
to slip over there and find out how much
or how little there is in all this talk."
When asked if be had any doubt as to
the standing of McKinley on the financial
question, he said:
"Ohio has always been a battle-ground
for sound money. The fight was made for
sound money there under Hayes, and it
has been kept up ever since. For myself,
I do not think the Ohio people would
favor anything else and I can hardly be
lieve that McKinley is for anything else."
NIAGARA FALLS, V. Y., May 19.—
Hon. \V. Carley Ely, Democratic State
Committeeman for this district, who has
just returned from Washington, says he
believes Mr. Cleveland will be the Demo
cratic nominee and will be elected. At the
time of the Cleveland-Hill factional fight
Mr. Ely was the Hill leader in this dis
trict.
00LUMBU8, Ohio, May 10.— The Demo
cratic District Convention held at Spring
tield to-day adopted without a dissenting
vote a resolution Instructing the delegates
to Chicago to vote tor the free coinage of
silver without regard to the action of any
other nation. James Johnson of Clark
County was nominatea for Congress.
Two Thousand Men in Pennsylvania Have
Turned Out to Battle With the
Flames.
BELLE FONTS, i'a., May 10.— Never
in tlie history of this section has it been
overrun with such a disastrous (ire as has
been raging in Center and adjoining coun
ties for the past three or four days. Hun
dreds of thousands of acres of timber land
have been burned, entailing great loss.
The seven mountains to tbe south of
Bole Fonte liave b en burned for a dis
tance of fully twenty-live miles, at one
time the entire mountain being a sheet of
flames for fully ten miles.
Fully 2000 men have been hard at work
since Saturday night in the vain endeavor
to put out the lire. Ail that was done,
however, was to keep it confined to the
mountain sides. In Cleartield County,
closely adjoining Center, the lire has done
equal damage, if not more, in the destruc
tion of not only a vast lot of timber, but
in the burning of a number of log camps
and sawmills, with thousands of feet of
sawed lumber. The most distressing
feature is that the end i.s not yet, as the
tire continues to rage with unabated fury
and there seems no possible way of com
bating it without a heavy rain.
SANDWICH, Mass., May 19.— A terri
ble forest fire, whicli started at Kelly's
sawmill, Tremont, y sterday afternoon,
has already done incalculable damage to
property. Driven by a terrific northwest
wind in the direction of Parker's mills,
and then toward White Island Pond and
Halfway Pond, the most valuable cran
berry land in the world at present, it has
covered an area of land more than twenty
miles long and from three to &ix in width
and totally destroying an immense area
of valuable woodland. The loss cannot
be estimated with any degree of accuracy,
as the men sent into the cranberry district
to flow tbe bogs have not as yet returned
and it is feared that they will have hard
work to escape from the iury of the tiames
with their lives.
Close of a Most Exciting
Election at the M. E.
Conference.
SIXTEEN BALLOTS CAST.
Chaplain McCabe and Earl
Cranston Finally Win
the Places.
BOTH ARE NOTED WORKERS.
Distinguished Records Blade by the
Two Men Raised to the
Episcopacy.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 19.— The
deadlock in the Methodist Episcopal Con
ference on the Episcopal elections was
broken to-day rfy the election of two lead
ing candidates — C. C. McCabe, the famous
mission money-raiser, and Dr. Earl Crans
ton, atent of the Methodist book concern
at Cincinnati. Chaplain McCabe was
chosen first on the fifteenth ballot with a
plurality of eight votes. Dr. Cranston was
raised to the episcopacy on the next bal
lot, having a plurality of thirty.
Bishop Bowman, the venerable senior
Bishop ol ' the Methodist church, presided
over the conference, called to order ior the
last time this morning.
Rev. Charles L. Stafford of Iowa put tne
conference in a great uproar by moving
that the election of Bishops be indefinitely
postponed.
"I am satisfied," he said, "that we do
not need those Bishops, and the vote of the
last few days looks as though the confer
ence thought so too. Any ten Bishops in
pood health could attend to all the work,
and we have fourteen, besides the two that
have been declared non-effective."
Rev. Dr. Buckley said: "To pospone this
election would make this conference and
our church ridiculous in the eyes of the
world. In one of the dioceses ol the Prot
estant Episcopal church they have taken
fifty and sixty ballots and then adjourned
for six months to think it over, without an
election, and yet the election ot a Metho
dist Bishopcarries with it more power than
a dozen 1'rotestant bishoprics. The remedy
i? this: Let the voting go on until we
elect a Bishou or until it becomes plainly
apparent that we cannot elect anybody."
After a long debate the motion was de
feated.
Rev. Dr. A. J. Parker started an exciting
discussion by reporting from the com
mittee on state of the church a resolution
authorizing the licensing of evangelists
and for the placing of restrictions upon
traveling evangelists.
Rev. Dr. Robert Forbes of Duluth said
tbat people were getting convened too
fast. *'lii some places all you have to do
is to hold up your hand and shout, "Come
to Jesus! ' and you are saved. It will soon
be so that you may get saved by sending
your cabinet photograph and having it
baptized. Salvation will soon be on sale
by telephone and telegraph. 1 '
The report of the committee was
adopted.
balloting for Bishops was then resumed.
Chaplain McCabe being elected on the
fifteenth and Dr. Cranston on the six
teenth. The elections were greeted with
loud appliiuoe.
Chaplain McCabe is 58 years old. He is
of Methodist i>arents. He has a brother
who is a professor in the Ohio Weslyean
College at Delaware. He was taken pris
oner in the war and was for a time con
fined in Libby Prison. He inherited some
money and by wise investment his wealth
grew rapidly.
Much of it had been spent in advancing
the cause of Methodism. He is now worth
about $tj5,000. He is now engaged in rais
ing money for the great American Uni
versity to be erected in Washington, and
as Bishop he will continue this work. He
is considered the greatest money-raiser in
the Methodist church. He is the man
who first raised the cry, "A million for
missions." He raised the mission collec
tion from $700,000 to $1,250,000.
Earl Cranston was a soldier in the late
war and is now a member of the Loyal
Legion. He i3 an eloquent minister and
preached for many years in Indiana,
Illinois and Iowa. He is a member of the
Colorado Conference. He is now book
agent at Cincinnati.
The conference then proceeded to make
nominations for the office of New York
publishing agent, there being two to be
elected. There were only nine candidates
for the two offices and the majority was
sufficient to elect. On the first ballot
Homer Eaton, the present agent, was re
elected. Another ballot was then taken.
O. B. McGee. G. P. Mains and W. M.
Swindells were the leading candidates.
Nominations were also made and one
liallot taken for the two Western publish
ing agents.
The result has not yet been announced,
but it is probable that Dr. Lewis Curtis is
re-elected. ____________
Sailor Smith Awaited a Favorable Oppor
tunity for Getting a Deadly
Revenge.
NEW YORK. K. Y., May 19.— John
Farley, second otticer of the British
steamer Rossa, was shot and dangerously
wounded yesterday by Ernest Smith, a
sailor whom he had at lacked. The vessel
was lying at Martin's stores, Brooklyn.
Farley is in a critical condition at the City
Hospital. There are two bullet wounds in
his chest, but he may recover, as he is a
man of iron constitution.
The vessel sailed from England last Feb
ruary. Smith, a little, opare Jerseyman,
was one of the crew. Farley struck him
one day while the Rosse was in a Brazilian
port. Smith said nothing to the officer,
but h« told one of his shipmates that if
the man ever raised his hand to him again
he would have revenue.
The ve-sei reached Brooklyn Sunday.
When the cr«»w began to prepare for the
di.-charge of the car>;o Farley, it is alleged,
besan to make matters disagreenbb for
them. He punched a man named Theo
dore Evans for questioning an order. A
few minutes later Farley ordered Smith to
do Something. The sailor, who had armea
himself in anticipation of trouble, started
to obey, but had not Dived fast enough to
suit the second officer. The latter made a
remark which Smith construed as a threat.
Turning around Smith said, "Remember
you are in the United States, not Brazil."
Farley doubled his fist and struck the
sailor a blow that felled him to the deck.
Smith arose, drew his revolver and fired
twice at the maie, hitting him each time.
Both bullets pierced the man's breast and
he fell to the deck. He was removed to
the city hospital.
Smith waited until an officer boarded
the vessel and arrested him. Evans and
four other sailors were arrested as wit
nesses.
Sentiment in Favor of Admitting Women
to the Conference.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 19.— The
principal part of the day's session of the
Methodist Protestant Conference was oc
cupied by the question of seating women
delegates. The committee on certificates
reDorted in favor of the women, holding
that they had become constitutionally
elected. Rev. T. J. Murray delivered a
caustic speech directed against "gag" rule.
He moved two amendments to the propo
sition, one po as to define plainly
that ministerial delegates to the general
conference be either "male or female, and
the other to amend the constitutution,
making women eligible.
A motion to refer the question to the
judiciary committee was carried, and ad
journment until to-morrow takeu. In the
afternoon the delegates attended the lav
ing of the cornerstone of the Kansas City
University.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, May 19. — The
tVelfth May festival of music was inaugu
rated to-night at the new Springer hall,
and will continue through the week.
When Theodore Thomas raised his baton
at 7:30 o'clock this evening the hall was
comfortably filled with a brilliant assem
blage of lovers of music. The soloists
were Mme. Lillian Nordica, Miss Marie
Breraa, Ben Davis and Watkin Mills. The
selections were from Mozart, Beethoveu
and Wagner.
RICHMOND, Va., May 19.— At 2:30
this morning news reached here from
Midlothian, twenty-five miles distant,
stating that the Midlothian coal mine was
burning, and that the men were im
prisoned in the pit, which is 600 feet deep,
with an incline of 2000 feet. The eleven
men imprisoned were rescued unhurt early
this morning.
Indictments Caused by a Loan of
More Than Ten Per Cent of
the Capital Stock.
0. E. Miller's Mixed State of Finances
Leads Up to What He Calls
Spitework.
DENVER, Colo., May 19.— 0. E. Miller
of Chicago, president of the Hernia Treat
ment Company, has been indicted by the
Grand Jury on the charge of embezzling
|l'25,000 of the Commercial National
Bank's funds.
Cbarles H. Dow, who was president of
the bank, was also indicted on the charge
of complicity with Miller to defraud tne
depoators, and with having violated the
banking law by loaning Miller $145,000,
which was more than 10 per cent of the
bank's capital stock.
Miller wrs a prominent man in Denver
prior to the panic of 1893. His indebted
ness to the National banks of the city is
said to Lave aggregated £145,000; $192,000
was obtained from the Commercial and
German banks, and the remainder from
institutions which survived the panic. The
American National, which suspended re
cently, is said to be a creditor of Miller.
The receivers of the German and Com
mercial have been pressing Miller fora set
tlement, but it Is alleged he put them off
with promises which were not kept. In
stead, it is said, he bonded his company in
Chicago for $:j2f>,000, and gave none of the
banks a cent of the proceeds. It was on
the receipt of tliis news that the receivers
of tne banks withdrew objection to Mil
ler's prosecution. t
CHICAGO, III., May 19.— O. E. Miller,
upon being advised that an indictment
had been found against him by the Fed
eral grand jury at Denver on a charge of
embezzlement, surrendered to United
States Marshal Arnold before the deputv
who had been sent to his office in the
Masonic Temple could lay hands on him.
Mr. Miller said he would go to Denver
uladly, and intimated that the indictment
was expected by hiru. He added: "In
another month the statute of limitations
would have prevented my prosecution. It
[ is all spitework. This pers?cution of me
j is not the work of the depositors nor of
j the receiver, because I settled with them
in January, 1S95. The total of iny indebt
edness to the banks of Denver was $200,000
j and I borrowed $30,000 from the Com
| mercial— not $125,000."
NEW YORK. N. Y., May lO.-Clifford
Schmidt, who for a number of years was
concert master under Thomas Darurosch
and Seidl, died at the Seely Hospital,
Brooklyn, to-day, from injuries received
Saturday evening by striking bis head
against a trolley pole. He was born in
San Francisco in 1861. He leaves a widow
and one daughter.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.; May 19.— The City
Board of Health to-day made public the
results of the treatment of diphtheria witn
anti-toxine. The report covers thirty-two
cases treated, of which only fifteen "were
fatal. This is a percentage of 4.6, whereas
the percentage of deaths in cases not
treated with anti-toxine was sixty.
34
Opposition Is Shown to the
Proposed Consular In
spection.
AN EDUCATIONAL TEST.
It Is Claimed That Those Who
Seek Admission Should
Read and Write.
COMPETITION OF CANADIANS.
Many Laborers Cross the Border Daily
and Return to Their Homes
at Night.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May VX— The
House to-day passed the resolution from
the Committee on Elections No. 1, con
firming the title of W. 0. Owens (D.) to
the seat he occupies as a Representative
from the Seventh District of Kentucky,
which has been contested by George Den
ney Jr. It aNo passed a resolution from
the same committee providing for a ballot
scale for Congress in the Sixteenth Illinois
District at the NovemDer election of 1S94
in the contest of Rinaker vs. Downing for
the seat from that district.
The Immigration Committee early
claimed the floor under the order adopted
yesterday, and Bartholdt (R.) of Missouri,
called up the MoCall bill establishing an
educational test for immigrants, so that id
the future thoy must be able to read and
write some language before they will be
admitted. The bill applies only to male
immigrants, and the parents of any person
now residing in the United States or who
may hereafter be admitted shall not be ex
cluded because of inability to read or
write.
Corliss (R.) of Michigan offered an
amendment to the bill introduced intended
to relieve the lake cities of the competition
ol Canadians who come into the United
States to labor, and especially to prohibit
the employment of Canadians on vessels
engaged on the lakes and on railroads run
ning into the United States from Canada.
Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania offered as a
substitute for the hrst section of the Mc-
Call bill his bill which requires in addi
tion to the educational test a satisfactory
consular inspection of the emigrants at the
port of departure, without which admis-
Bion to the United States shall be denied.
Mahaney (R.) of New York offered as
an amendment to the proposed bill his bill
relating to the same subject but more ex
plicit in its provisions.
The Mahaney bill was held to be ob
noxious on a point of order and was with
drawn.
Johnson (R.) of California proposed as
an amendment to the substitute of Stone a
bill forbidding the admission of any
foreign-born laborer, skilled or unskilled,
into the United States after August 1,
1896. This was also ruled out on a point
of order.
Bartholdt opened the debate in support
of the bill called up by him. The asser
tion that immigrants did not assimilate
witn the people was not borne oat by the
facts. T e educational force of the com
mon school had largely settled that ques
tion. They were no longer Germans, Eng
lish, French or Italians, but Americans.
Had it not been for the services 01 foreign
bora soldiers the result of the War of the
Rebellion might have been different.
Patriotism was not marked by a matter of
tongue.
Bartholdt warned his associates that
they could face the country as defenders
of an educational test, but not as advo
cates of a consular inspection measure.
Tracewell (R.) of Indiana urged the
passage of the Stone bill. He said he
was not a member of the A. P. A., but was
a protectionist from the crown of his head
to the sole of his feet and he believed that
all the measures reported from the com
mittee if passed would benefit the country.
Stone advocated the passage of his bill.
He said the country was suffering from
auperfluous immigration.
"Immigration to the United States from
many countries now sending its citizens
here in large numbers is a mutter of recent
years," said Mr. .Stone, "and we must put
a stop to it if we expect the United States
to become what we have wanted it to and
believed it would be. The agitation upon
this subject will not cease until we give to
labor the protection to which it is entitled
and which we have given to capital. 1 '
[Applause.]
Corliss (R.)of Michigan said that 100,000
Canadian laborers— "birds of passage"—
came to the United States and entered into
competition with the laborers of thiscoun-
try. They carried their earnings back to
Canada witn them, refusing to make their
homes here. There was nothing in the
amendment he had suggested which would
prevent any of them from acquiring a
home in the United States, but it wai in
! tended to prevent them, until they felt so
inclined, from coming into competition
with the laborprs of the United States.
The passage of the McCall bill was ad
vocated by Morse (R.) of Massachusetts
t a? a measure meeting the demands of the
country.
Duck (D.) of Louisiana eloquently op
posed any additional restriction upon the
right of immigration.
This closed the debate for the day and
Fr>eaker Reed laid belbre the House the
message from Mr. Cleveland, vetoing the
bill to pension Caroline P. Mowatt, and
after being read it was referred to the Com
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Representatives Steele, Cousins and Mc-
Clelland were appointed by the Speaker
visitors on the part of ttie House to the
West Point Military Academy.
At 5:05 p. M., on motion of Ptone, the
House adjourned until to-morrow.
deliberations nfth* Supreme Circle, Com
panions of the Forest.
URIAH, Cal., May 19.— session of
the Supreme Circle, Companions of the
Forest, is drawing to a close. The reports <
of various committees were to-day re
ceived and adopted, as well as those of the
board of auditors, the secretary and the
treasurer. An amendment to the general
laws, reducing the annual per capita tax
from 70 to 50 cents was adopted, but one
looking toward the holding of biennial
sessions wan defeated. The date of the
next meeting was fixed at the third Mon
day of May, 1897, and Vallejo was chosen
as the place.
A committee consisting of Mesciames K.
M. Flynn. A. M. Phillips and J. Falconer
was appointed to draw resolutions of
thanks to Queen of the Redwood Circle
on the reception tendered the delegates.
An appropriation was made for the pur
chase of a testimonial for the past su
preme chief co m anion.
The election of officers was made a
special order of business for to-morrow
morning. This evening the delegates were
tendered a banquet at Marks Hall, to
which all visiting Foresters and Compan
ions were invited.
Insane Patrick Moore Suing for
Money Deposited in a San
Francisco Bank.
Pitiful Sequel to a Warm Friendship
Formei in an Asylum
in Ireland.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 19.— An ac
tion of unusual interest was commenced
ber to-day in the Superior Court.
It is alleged that, many years ago,
Matthew Pepper and Patrick Moore were
inmates of an insane asylum in Ireland,
and while there a strong friendship sprang
up between them. Both were release* in
time and came to America together, pass
ing as brothers. For many years tney
lived together in Healdsburg, being em
ployed on the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railroad and by industry and
economy saved several thousand dollars.
This money -was placed in the Hibernia
Bank of San Francisco in PepDer's name,
lie by reason of a better education trans
acting the business for both.
About a year ago Moore was again de
clared insanoand sent to the Ukiah asylum
and while there his old friend, Pepper,
died intestate. The dead man's estate was
taken In cliarse by the public administra
tor, who refused to turn over any part of
it to the insane man's representatives, and
the action commenced to-day ia for one
half of the money in bank.
Multiplicity of Actions Iteaulting From, a
Defective Ae-irer System.
SANTA ROSA.Cal., May 19.-Santa Rosa
is still harassed by lawsuits and legal
complications. - Suit after suit has been
commenced against the city for damages
arising from the sewerage system. In
some instances impartial jurors have
awarded damages to the suffering farmers
whose land adjoins the sewer farm, and
this fact has led to a multiplicity of suit*.
Last week A. M. Peterson wag the plaintiff
in a damage suit against the city and was
awarded $1, the costs being taxed equally.
A3 a result of this suit Judge Daingerfiefd
to-day granted an injunction restraining
the city from running any sewage on
Peterson's land or from polluting Santa
Rosa Creek.
The suit of Alien Wright for damages
by reason of the sewers was also com
menced to-day, and J. L. Peterson is the
plaintiff in a suit of the same nature,
which will come up for trial thiB week.
This new and somewhat novel newer
system just completed was tested on
Monday in the presence of the city
officials and many interested spectators.
The tests wer- in every way satisfactory,
and it is believed t at the aggravating
evils of a poor system and it3 resulting
litigation will soon be done away with in
this sorely tried community.
Two English Missionaries Charged by a
Chinese Mob— One Shot Through
the t Hand.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 19. -The steam
ship Altmore. arriving from the Orient to
night, brings advices of an anti-missionary
outrage at Tai-Uhau, China. Two Eng
lish missionaries named Fergusson and
Walker were the victims. Proceeding by
boat from Shanghai to Chenklang they
arrived at Tai-Chau on April 13. While
awaiting the return of a messenger whom
they had sent with their cards and pass
ports to the residence of the chief local
oihcial. t ey were attacked by a mob that
bomba:ded them vigorously with atones.
The two missionaries finding the situa
tion intolerable left the shelter of a cabin
and attempted to pull up the anchor and
shove their boat into the stream, their
crew having fled beyond the range of the
missile^
During this operation the stone-throwing
became more vigorous than ever, and a
shot was tired, the bullet passing through
Mr. Fergusson's left hand. At last the
boat was got off, and, being rejoined bv its
crew, dropped down the stream. The boat
became again the target for a cloud of mis
siles as it passed a narrow part of the
channel, but no serious injury was in
flicted.
An officer and ten soldiers arrived upon
the scene while the outrage was going on
but their presence had little, if any, effect
in quieting the rioters.
An Indian Hang* Himself After Having
Committed licit Hurdrr*.
RENO, Nev., May 19.— A double tragedy
on the Pyramid reservation last evening
was followed by a suicide in the Wads
werth jail to-night. An Indian, becoming
jealous of his squaw and another redskin"
shot and killed both. He v. as arrested'
and lodged in jail. Tp-nicht the mur
derer hanged himself in his cell. He
feared (he vengeance of the other Indians,
who would have killed him had he not
been removed from the reservation.
Chapter II in the Romance
of Adelaide and
Eugene.
MRS. LEE TO GREGORY.
Gentle Chidings for His Distant
Demeanor and Lack of
Gallantry.
THE EX-MAYOR TO THE WIEOW
Proud of the Tite "Guardy," but Too
Close y Watched to Be an
Ardent Suitor.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 19.— When
the case of Mrs. Adelaide T. Lee of Red
Bluff against ex-Mayor Eugene J. Gregory
of this city, who is charged by the widow
with having obtained $:*0U0 by false pre
tenses on the eve of Gregory Uros. & Co.'s
collapse, was resumed this morning.
Attorney Bruner asked Mrs. Lee to pro
duce any letters containing protestations
of love from Gregory. Mrs. Lee stated she
had many which she considered contained
exDressions of iove, citing as such the
"Come Gene'" letter. The witness then
became greatly abated, and in a tragic
voice, exclaimed:
"Eueene understands that. He knows
I have read between the lines. He was not
the same after I had made the loan, but he
said that doubt hurt more than anything,
and I didn't want to dnubt him. I love!
that man from the bottom of my heirt. I
couldn't help that. He knew I loved him,
for he asked me: 'What do you mean by
your letters?' and I said, 'I mean I love,
Eugene.' '
Mr. Bruner here objected to the witness
endeavoring to create a scene by her im
pressive manner.
"lam not trying to create a scene," con
tinued Mrs. Lee; "I always speak from
my heart, and 1 did when I tola him I
loved him."
"Still you want to send him to prison?"
"What has he done for me? He has
kept me on the verge of insanity for
months, and now I have been brought
here to be smirched. Anythin i he can do
to hurt me lie will do. Read my letters;
mad them ! He *told me they were to be
strictly confidential, but that is like all of
his promises."
Mrs. Lee's letters to Gregory were once
more taken up. Moat of ineni were dated
after the last Joan, and contained com
plaints of neglect by Gregory; such sen
tencea as: "Why will you not see rue?"
"Are you going to deny me for all eter
nity?" "Your ward has shed many t ars
over your seeming neulect." "All" those
insinuations have their weight in your
ward/' etc.
Several sentences upon which much
stress was laid by tho defense are as fol
lows: "From your letters I cannot inter
pret any personal regret for my hurt";
"I have now nothing to show that i have
ever even had the gilt-edge security of
your friendship" ; -'I feel I must see you,
though it hurt me exceedingly that you
left the Grand Hotel on my account";
"If you don't come to me in the city you
will be the la!«t straw to cling to"; "It is
hard that you even refuse to send me such
a little token as a sheet of music. As you
refused your photo long ago, did you
really mean not to show me any atten
tion? If you persist that you cannot be
more than a friend and if you have grown
indifferent to me I want nothing more to
do with your tirm, and you can take your
notes back."
The witness was excused shortly before
noon and the County Clerk was put on the
stand to prove that soon after the last loan
made by Mrs. Lee Gregory Bros, iiled a
petition in insolvency.
In the afternoon the letters of Gregory
to Mrs. Lee were taken up. in one he re
ferred to his business and to her delight
ful letters, and said he was glad there was
one congenial soul who longed for his re
turn to California. In another he spoke
of something that was not founded on fact
in a former letter from Mrs. Lee, and
added: "While I love children, I prefer
them grown up." This was underlined.
In another he Baid: "Dear Ward— I
propose some time to write you a letter.
Will endeavor to deserve the appellation of
'guardy'." and added, "If you had three
lovely sisters watching your going out,
you would realize the position I am in."
Attorney Bruner asked if these were love
letters, and Assistant District Attorney
Jones retorted :
"They don't say 'I love you! I love you!
I love you!' but they mean love just the
same «fheu written to a sensitive, refined
lady."
In another letter Gregory said : "I know
what it is to have plenty and still be hard
up."
"This bears me out in my theory that
Mrs. Lee thought Gregory solvent," said
Attorney Jones.
"I do not care to argue the case at this
time." rejoined the defendant's attorney.
"We have lote of letters we can intro
duce," said Mr. Jones.
"Yes, we have live letters to your one,"
retorted Bruner.
"You also have $9000 to our none," sar
castically retorted Jones.
In another letter Gregory said: "I am
now under obligations to yon. When I
discharge sucn obligations, I can consult
my personal interests."
Then the attorneys had Another mix-up,
and the case was continued.
Cited for Baring fittorn Tnlatly to the
I'alue of Their JPc»ae*$ion*.
FACRAMENTO. Cal., May 19.— Eugene
Bosquet, who was convicted some time
ago of having placed his wife in a disor
derly house, was released on 54000 "straw
bonds" this evening, pending an appeal
to the Supreme Court. The character of
the bonds was discovered immediately
after the prisoners release and a bench
warrant was issued, upon which Bosuur t
wr.s rearrested and lodged in jail. The
four bondsmen, who swore they were
jointly worth $50,000, and who in fact are
not on the tax roll, have been cited to ap
pear in court to-morrow morning, to
gether with David Simmons, a well-known
business man. who vouched for th«m.
The prospec'8 are that severe punishment
will be me led out to them.
FRESNO, Cal., May 19.— High winds
which have been prevailing during the
past few days blew down about 426 yards
of trestle on the flume which conveys
lumber from Moore & Smitn's mills in the
mountains to the mills in Sanj?er. The
trestle is fifty feet hijjh. The floating of
lumber will he interrupted for some time.
m
Arthur A. Martin Elected President of the
Organization — Extensive Improvements
on the Grounds.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., May 19.— At the
annual meeting of the Mill ValleyCountry
Club last night Arthur A. Martin was
elected president, C. F. Runyon vice-presi
dent, Louis L. James second vice-presi
dent, Thomas Fottrell secretary and
Charles A. Wainwright treasurer. The
meeting was well attended, and the policy
of the club for the ensuing vear was atated
by President Martin. A clubhouse will be
tiuilt as soon as available funds are se
cured. Already various members have
su^srribeil toward tne fund. Tne grounds
of the club at Millwood will be put into
condition witiiin a few days and a new
tennis court built. This afternoon the
grounds were staked off and they will be
plowed, harrowed and rolled.
Charles A. Wainwright stated that the
Mill Valley Country Club possessed the
finest cricket puch and field on the Pacific
Coast. Mr. Wainwright is an ardent
cricketer.
Thomas F. Kelly was elected captain of
the club. Messrs. M. M. O'Shaughnessy,
1). Ci. Bennett and Frederick P. liunyon
•A'ere eiecied directors-at-iarjje.
Alter the regular meeting of the club a
directors' mee.ing was Held, aua it was
■greed to give a series of entertainments
for the benefit of the clubhouse building
fund. The fund now lacks but a few hun
dred dollars, and when this is obtaine i
work on the building will be commenced.
The date of the prand opening of the club
for the summer season has not vet been
decided upon, but arrangements are being
made and the affair will be an auspicious
one.
The Mill Valley Corntry Club has been
in existence but twelve months, and in
this tune it has gone ahead at a marvelous
rate. Some ot its members are numbered
nmonj: the best ritie target shooters on the
Pacific Coast, and tne cricket-players are
Following in the foots eps of the marks
men. Loveii Wuite, formerly president of
Ihe organization, was unable to again
accept the presidency of the ciub on ac
coui of busines- interests on the outside.
Jam s Clair of San Leandro
Kills a Cinnamon Bear in
the Foothills.
Riddles the Enraged Beast With Bui
lets From His Rifl> as It
Charges Upon Him.
CHICO, Cat,., May 10.— James Clair of
San Leandro, who is visiting friends in
tlie mountain? a few miles from Chico, had
a thrilling experience with a cinnamon
bear several days ago, and he will have a
big story to tell when he gota home. Dur
ing tlie present spring cold weather and
frequent storms have caused many wild
animals to seek hiding places and food
around the foothills, and quite often cin
namon bears are seen lumbering off
through the woods.
Such bisr game was, however, the last
thing yountr Ciair was looking for when
he started out with a rifle on the day he
met Bruin. He had shouldered the weapon
at sun up and began a tramp through the
foothills. As the forenoon wore away he
resolved to return to the house of his
friend, despairing of taking home a mess
of squirrel or wild fowl. Clair had just
started on the back trail when he saw a
cinnamon bear tearing the bark from a
dead log lying on tiieground about seventy
live feet away. Hv raised his gun and fired,
the ball striking the beast in the Hank.
With a roar of pain the cinnamon
wheeled and started toward Clair, who,
realizing that he had a dangerous animal
to contend with, commenced pumping
shells into his rifle and firing. Continu
ally roaring, the bear approached the
hunter, ana when near raised its huge
body upon its haunches. Clair during all
this time had stood firm as a rock, but as
the bear reared up the young man dis
coveieil that his last cartridge r/as eone.
His nerve fled, and dropping the ritle he
began a race for i^owellton.
On reaching camp Clair's breath was too
short to tell his story directly, but in a
short time it was made known, and with
guns and doss a party started after the
bear. On reaching the spot, the animal
was found dead. On examination seven
bullet-holes were found in its body and
legs. Ten empty cartridges lay on the
ground where Clair had stood when shoot
ing.
The bear was weighed and tipped the
scales at 440 pounds, which is the largest
that Las been killed in that section for
some time.
Ex-Mayor Bryson the Defendant
in a Suit Brought by His
Daughter.
She Deman's an Accounting of
Prop rty Signed Away at
H s Dictation.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 19.— Tho
family of ex-Mayor Bryson, wno is com
monly called "Uncle John," has had its
share of misunderstandings in times past.
Another chapter, however, bas been added
to the list. The latest is a suit of a
daughter of "Uncle John"— Mrs. Margaret
Krause — who seeks judgment for the value
of two houses and lota at Fairrield. Iowa.
Mrs. Krause told her story in Judge
Shaw's court this morning. She said she
transferred the title to her property to
J. A. Husuarn at her father's dictation,
atm she now asks for an accounting. Tue
transfer was made to accommodate a deal
by which her father made |l'o,000. The
fathfr has a "stand-off" to the daughter's
claim in the shape of a bill for ti e board
of herself and d-.iidren. He says the val
uation of the property in Iowa is much too
high, and the rami he paid for his
daughter's support offset her oaim.
ihe case will be renewed to-morrow.
The ex-Mayor is a millionaire and has
been in local politics for many years. He
was elected Mayor on the Democratic
ticket, but owing to a change of the
municipal charter was "legislated out of
oihee alter a brief term.
Uttlefl'ld Lynehino Cat Will Go to the
Jury To- Hay.
VEAVKRVILLE, C.vl., May 19.-Ttae
argument in the Littleiield lynching case
was begun this morning by District Attor
ney liurtleit. Attorney Given for the
defence occupied ail of tnis afternoon.
Ttie evidence was reviewed by both and
the arguments wore listened to by an
audience that crowded the courtroom
until not even standing room wits left,
lhe case will go to the jury to-morrow
afternoon. '
Remarkable Letter From
The Jurist Confined
in Highland.
TALE OF A DARK PLOT.
Claims He Was Personated by
Another Before Insanity
Commissioners.
IMPRISONED BY CONSPIRATORS.
Judge Gallardo Trying to Establish
His Friend's Claim to Land
Worth Millions.
SANTA BARBARA, Cai,., May 19.—
Judge F. F. Gallardo, who is busily at
work unions the records of this county
with a view to obtaining documentary evi
dence which will establish the right of his
old friend, Judee Huse, to be released
from the Highland Insane Asylum, as
well as to attend to his property rights
here, to-day reiterated his statement that
the Judge owns property worth not less
than $1,000,000 in this 8tate. He asserts
that should Judge Huse be released it
would only be necessary to make applica
tion to the Federal authorities at Wash
ington to have a resurvey of the whole of
El Alontecito Valley, to which, the attor
ney claims, Huse has a valid title. H*
also asserts that Huse has not lost his
right oi ret 1 .lption to a large mortgage
upon the great Los Prietos y Najalayequa
ranch which, if established, would vir
tually give him a title to the entire prop
erty, worth hundreds of thousands of dol
lars. Explaining this claim, Gallardo
states that the mortgage was lost through
delinquent taxes, but that this forfeiture
occurred after the Judge's incarceration,
and that the law especially protects from
such summary operation persons who are
from any cause incapactated from attend
ing to their own interests. He intimates
that this loas of the mortgage was alt a
part of the conspiracy which has put
Judge Huse where he is.
Gpllardo permitted a Call correspondent
i to copy a letter just received from Judge
I Huse, discussing the leeal aspects of his
: case in the most intelligent, moderate and
rational manner, and at the same time
making sensational charges. It is as fol
lows:
Southern California State Astum »
BAH Herxaudino. May 10. 1^96. \
F. Gallardo, New hall, Cat : I received your
letter from Newhall last evening. I have ecre
fully examined and considered the waole of
contents, and approve and concur in all that
yon have written. The hesitation of the Su
preme Court is due, I think, to the following
reasons: That there has been no case on ap
peal before this bench of Judges from a lower
court in a case of habeas corpus, so far as I
know.
If the petition for tho writ had been made to
the Supreme Court or to any one of its Judpes
in the first instance, I do not see how the
court, or any one of ita Judges, could fail or
refuse to grant it, or hear it or cause it to be
heard. He (the Judge) or the court might
designate the Judge before whom the matter
was to be heard and the evidence taken. I
think it is beet to furnish tho court with your
"points and authorities," just exactly as is
done in all civil enses.
I am in good health, mentally and physically,
and in the best of spirits, never better than I
am now. No doctor in this or any other State
can be more exact, clear, comprehensive and
exhaustive than Dr. Hollister waa in his testi
mony as an expert before Judge Otis at the
hearing by him of my petition for a writ of
habeas corpus. This is my firm opinion and
settled conviction.
He showed that he understood the operation
of the human mind as well as any meta
physician or pathologist. Otis did not decide
the only question that was before him to de
cide, namely, the legality or illegality of my |
detention or restraint in the asylum, which is i
simply a continuation of the detention and re- j
straint at the Xapa Asylum. This question j
was to be answered by the consideration I
of the sufficiency or insufficiency of the
complaint, to which is annexed the
report of the two doctors cited by Judge Levy
to examine the alleged Wmatic. The moment
you ss.w that document and saw its contents
you stated to the Judge that the whole thing
was null nnd void from the fact that the stat
ute requires (it is a sine qua non) that the affi
davit or complaint must be made before a
magistrate. The sworn complaint was made
in this case before a deputy county clerk. He
is not a magistrate Hence the complaint gave
Judge Levy no jurisdiction in the case.
Of course, any proceeding before a court or
a judge who has not acquired jurisdiction (the
right to hear and decide) is null and void. The
order made by him to commit rharles E. Huse
to the Xapa asylum was a simple nullity. Otis
dodced the question of the legality or sum
ciencyof the commitment, n.ad did not decide
it. And this is the very groundwork and sub
stratum of our apueal to the Supreme Court to
review his decision in the case.
The man examined by the two doctors before
Judge Levy was not myself, but a bogus
Charles E. Huse, who had fraudulently taken
my name at the instigation of the man or men
(I think I know who they were) who wanted to
get me out of the way, and who could counter
feit the symptoms of lunacy well enough to
deceive the doctors and the judge. While this
farce was going on before Judge Levy, I was
securely locked up in a cell under the City
llu 1, some one und a half miles or more
from Judge Levy's courtroom on Marketstreet.
And so I testified and that testimony was not
contradicted. Yours, as ever,
Charles E. Httbe.
Paralytia Sudd ml y Endm the Life of
Parks H. /.<«•(*.
STOCKTON : Cal., May 19.— Parks H.
Lewis.the first resident of Tracy, died at
the Railroad Junction this morning very
suddenly. Some time ago he was stricken
by paralysis, but the symptoms had al
most entirely disappeared. This morning
he was about to aris*? and prepare for
breakfast when he suddenly sank back in
be i dead. Lewis went to the present site
of Tracy in 1850. He was a nunter and
trapper and one of the best-known men in
that section, having a large circle of friends
in this and the surrounding counties.
Residents of Placerville "Hello"
Through a Long-Distance
Telephone.
"The Call" Receives the Message
Announcing the Completion
of the System.
PL.ACERVILLE, Cal., May 19. — The
Sunset long-distance telephone system
was completed at 6 o'clock this evening to
this Foothill City of the Sierras. The
representative of The Call takes pride in
sending Placerville's greeting as the first
message from here through the medium of
this marvelous invention of the nineteenth
century. Greeting from El Dorado, the
first county in California to produce gold
and render famous the name of "Jim"
Marshall !
The revival of the mining industry in
this district is wonderful. Placerville's
hotel, than which none better exists in any
California town of its size, is crowded with
visitors, capitalists and mining experts.
New properties are being opened and oid
properties abandoned in the long ago are
again receiving attention. The Salisbury
ruine started its wheels and gigantic en
gines to-day. The new machinery and
hoist of the Larkin began iheir revolutions
on Saturday last on the Mackay-Head prop
erty. A three-foot ledge of flO ore waa
struck yesterday.
Business of every kind is booming here
and the dawn of better days is at hand.
The coming of the electrical innovation
marks but one more step in Placerville's
onward march. By the lightning's flash
can new discoveries in California's richest
gold fields now be heralded to the metrop
olis at the Golden Gate.
Piacerville greets its big sister on the
bay I
SEATTLE, Wash., Mav 19. -The Grand
Lod:e, Knights of Pythias, of the State of
Washington convened in this city to-day
this beinj; the thirteenth annual meeting
of the order. In the parade this after
noon over 2000 Knights were in line. The
session will last four days.Mrs. Parker's Fight for
Her Father-in-Law's
Property.
SUES FOR A FORTUNE.
The Estate She Seeks to Gain
Possession of Valued at
Over $300,000
UNDUE INFLUENCE ALLEGED.
Claims the Decedent Was Not of Sound
Mind When His Will Was
Executed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 19.— The contest
of the will of George H. Parker, whose
death resulted from a runaway accident in
this city in August, 1898, by Emma L.
Parker, the widow of Edward Parker, a
son of the testator, began in Judge Rey
nolds' court this morning. The property
involved is worth over $300,000. The
ca>e is attracting a great deal of in
terest and the courtroom was filled all day
lone with spectators. The time was occu
pied in the selection of a jury.
Not since the Barron will case was tried
has such an array of legal talent been in
court here. Mrs. Parker, the contestant,
is represented by T. C. Cootran of San
Francisco, Nicholas Bowden of this city
and Van R. Patterson of San Franc sco.
D. M. Dolmas, F. E. Spencer and D. W.
Burchard represent the executors of the
will, Volney D. Moody, Charles E. Wilson
and J. R. Patton. The beneticiaries under
the will aro represented av follows: For the
residuary heirs, Francis E. Spencer and D.
W. Burchard; for the Shelter Anus So
ciety, Robert Syer; for the Home of Be
nevolence, Welch & Wilcox; for the Uni
tarian Church. H. F. Dosing, and for Liz
zie Sykes, H. V. Morehouse and V. A.
Scheller.
By ibe terms of a will filed for probate
in September, 1^3, 1'arker bequeathed to
his son |10,000 and the rents and profits of
the Parker House on Market street in San
Francisco during his lifetime and in the
event that he survived his wife he should
take the whole of this property in fee and
all of the property of the testator, after
deducting certain legacies, including $25,
■ the children of Marshall Pomeroy
of Santa Clara and $7000 to other legates.
In case the son should not outlive his wife,
the sister of the testator is made the re
siduary legatee of a half of the property
and Marshall Poraeroy of the other half,
- paid to the Unitarian church,
$10,000 to other persons and $25,000 to the
Pomeroy children, five in number. By a i
coiiicil the $5000 bequest to the Unitarian j
church was revoked, airl by a second codi- j
cil the bequest of $lu,U0O to his son was re- i
voked and the latter given an income of
er month during his life.
The contestant and her husband were
married in Hartford, Conn., in June, 1893,
and the husband died in December of the
same year. He made his w : »iow the sole
legatee of his share of the estate.
It is alleged by the contestant that on
October 14, 189% when the will was exe
cuted, Parker was not of sound mind, but
was whollv incompetent. It appears that
Parker was twice married and Edward L.
Parker was the issue of the first wife. On
her death the son was placed in the care
of Jane and Noah Pomeroy iu 1851, re
maining with them until his marriage
with contestant. In 1858 Parker remarried,
coming to California to Hve. He con
tributed considerable to the support of his
son up to 1873. The contestants claim the
P<>mero\'S in the East advised Parker of
the conduct of his son and had gained
great influence and control over his mind
in matters pertaining to his son. and this
.supreme influence continued umil the
death of the testator.
The property left by the testator in this
• f consists of several valuable lots on
Pint street; a half interest in a
block on South Tenth street; the Parker
• on to East San Jose; a lot on Stock
renue. In S:in Francisco the Parker
estate is worth over $100,000; there are
several lots in the alameda and securities
worth over $50,000.
Th>» legatees undei the will and the cod
icils are Edward L. Parker, the five chil
dren of Marshall Ponieroy, Lizzie Henri
etta Sykes, Myra Allen, Mrs. P. C. Bar
stow. Sirs. Dr. Sage, Augusta Butler, C.
M. \Y coster, Jane Pomeroy, Marshall
Pomeroy, Home of Benevolence, Shelter
ing Arms Society and the First Unitarian
Church.
WWl- Attended. Gathnrlnga Addretted by
Eleventh Amendment Chnmpionx.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 19.— The woman
suffrage meetings at the Unitarian church
this afternoon and evening were well at
tended, and the same interest was mani
fested in tho cause at the meetings yester
day. Miss Garrett Hay presided.
Rev. N. A. Haskell delivered an address
on '-Does the State Need Woman's Bal
lot?' 1 The following papers were read:
"Does the Taxpaying Woman Need the
Ballot?" Miss Sarah Severance; "Is Suf
frage for Women a Necessary Factor for
the Higher Development of Society?" Miss
Lucretia E. Watson of West Side. Mrs.
Nico Beck Meyer of Denmark addressed
the meeting, and Miss Garrett Hay spoke
about the "Practical Work of the Cam
paign." The question box was answered
by^Rev. Anna H. Shaw.
The evening session was addressed by
Rev. Anna H. Shaw. Miss Garrett Hay
made the closing remarks.
Wife-Beater fox of Lot Omtot Reaiatu
Arrest for Him Offense.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 19.— R. B. Fox,
who was given the preference of leaving
Ljs Gatos or serving a six months' sen
tence in the county jail for maltreating
his family a couple of weeks ago, returned
to that place last evening. When Con
stables Pearson and Lane attempted to
arrest him Fox drew a revolver and shot
at Pearson, the bullet passing through
Lane's coat. He was finally overpowered
and tagen before Justice Beggs. who sen
tenced him to six months in the county
jail on the old charge of disturbing the
peace of his family. At the expiration oj
his term he will be charged with attempt
to murder.
Capture of a Hoy Who Kan Away From
Hit Michigan Home.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 19.— Charles
Morey, a 17- year-old boy who ran away
from his home in Coldwater, Mich., over a
year ago, was arrested in this city last
night by Deputy Sheriff Black. His father
has traveled all over the country looking
for him, and was in this city about two
months ago. The boy says he prefers the
life of a tramp to remaining^ at home.
Morey, who now resides in beattlo, has
been notified of his son's arrest.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May IS.— The first car
load of cherries for the East this season
went forward to-day. This is earlier than
usual, as during the past five years the
lirst cherry shipments were made during
the last week of May. Among the over
land shipments last week were 273.54J0
pounds of wine and 217,880 pounds of
dried prunes.
Capitalists Organize lor the
Development of the
Fields.
A Company With $5,000,000 Stock
Gains Control of 17,000
Acres of Land.
FRESNO, Cal., May 19.— Articles of in
corporation of a company which will de
velop the oil region in the western part of
Fresno County are ready for filing in this
city. The company has gained 17,000 acres
of oil-bearing land and its capital stock is
fixed at $5,000,000.
Among the directors are: J. M. Guffey
of Pittsburg, Judge M. K. Harris of this
city and Captain Frank Barrett of Selma.
Mr. Guffey is extensively interested in the
oil business in Pennsylvania, Texas ana
Colorado ana bis wealth is estimated in
the millions. He has turned his attention
to Fresno County and it is evident he has
j faith in its resources. Captain Barrett was
among these who proved that Fresno had
rich oil resources. He was one of the first
settlers in this region.
It is the intention of the company to
bore 100 wells this summer, and the con
struction of a pipe line to this city ia con
templated. In that event freight compe
tition induced by the Valley road will be
takpn advantage of. A large shipment of
machinery is on its way to the wells ana
some is already on the ground. Opera
tions will begin immediately. From indi
cations there will be a great boom in a few
weeks. The County Recorder in daily
deluded with the riling of mining claims
for several miles around the oil wells
which i.ave already been bored. Many
srcall companies are being formed, and
agents are about the streets selling shares
of stock.
It is gratifying that the boom has a good
1 foundation. The oil produced is of excel
1 lent quality and there seems to be no limit
' to its quantity. The first carload was
j shipped from the fields to-day. It was
j produced from three small wells which
I Captain Barrett hao in operation, and the
j shipment amounted to 6525 gallons.
A Coroner's Jury Decides That the Murder
of Albert P. Roland Was Un-
justifiable.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., May 19.—
Full details of the killing of Albert P.
Roland by E. P. iScollard at Calico on Sun
day were brought to this city to-day. It
was a gambling and saloon row. Scoliard
was a recent arrival at Calico and claimed
to be a mining man, but spent most of his
time at the gambling table and the bar of
the saloon.
All of Saturday night was passed in the
saloon by a party of six men, including
the principals of the tragedy. There was
a preliminary row which was quelled by
the saloon-keeper and others. At a later
hour the quarrel was renewed. Scoilard
drew a revolver and struck Roland in the
face with the butt, and Roland finally
drew a small pocKet-knife, but did not
open it. Scoliard tired at Roland. The
bullet took effect in Roland's breast, and
death ensued in thirty minute?.
The muraerer did not attempt to escape
and was taken in charge by a constable.
Coroner Keating was notified and held an
inquest. The jury found the Killing to
have been unjustifiable ana charged Scol
iard with murder.
ttoland was only 25 years of age and
leaves a widow and two children, who re
side in Los Angeles. Mrs. Roland was
telegraphed for and arrived in Calico after
the inquest, bhe had been left destitute
and a purse was at once taken up among
the men of Calico to defray the funeral ex
penses. They also gave the widow $100.
Officers Dowd and Col/ins Escape Trial
On the Charge of Having Killed an
Innocent Man.
MEIICED, Cal., May 19.-The inquest
in the case of the unknown man killed by
Officers Dowd and Collins on May 11, near
thi9 city, was concluded this evening. As
a result of the jnry's verdict the officers
will probably not be tried upon the charge
of having killed an innocent man, whom
they supposed to be Burke, the Selma
burglar.
After reading an affidavit from Detective
ilarper, wherein he said that the man
killed, whose photograph was then before
him, was the Selma escape, the case was
submitted to the jury. After an absence
of about a half hour it returned a verdict
U) substance as follows:
"We, the jury in the case of an unknown
man found dead on May 11, do fina that
his death was caused from a pistol-shot
wound."
Gold Fields That Rival the
Rich Tracts of South
Africa.
YIELD FORTUNES DAILY.
English and American Capital
Invested in Bonanza
Claims.
BOON FOR UNEMPLOYED MEN.
Can Find Situations in the New
Ei Dorado — Exodus From
Northern Cities.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 19.— Q. B.
Wrieht, brother-in-law of the late J. C.
Ainsworth, a well-known Oakland (Cal.)
capitalist, this evening gave a Call corre
spondent the most reliable information
yet furnished the press relative to the
West Koot 'nai mines in British Columbia,
now attracting so much attention in this
country, as well as in England. He has
just come from the new eoldhelds.
"There are three camps included in the
West Kootenai district," said Mr. Wright.
"The first is in the Trail Creek district,
which is easily reached in a day's travel
from Spokane. Rossland is the principal
town, with 4000 population. It is situated
in the very midst of the mines. Mineral
claims have been staked in every direction,
and tunnels are run under the streets of
the town.
"It is only a year since the first ship
ment of ore was made from the War Eagle
mine, which originally was sold for less
than $25,000, and has up to date paid over
|140,000 in dividends. There are several
other good mines now also paying good
dividends. The peculiarity of this camp
is that ore lodes increase in value the
greater the depth attained in them. Last
year's shipments from the Trail Creek
mines were almost $1, 500,000, and this
year they wili be over $5,000,000.
"The Slocan camp is in the Selkirk
Mountains, about 100 miles farther north
and east of the Columbia River. The
average amount of silver contained in the
ore is greater than in any known silver
lead camp now being worked. The Slo
can Star mine, for instance, has con
tracted to deliver 15,000 tons of ore tii is
season, averaging 12o ounces of silver to 60
per cent lead per ton.
"Few mines are now shipping ore much
below this average, and the yield of many
is far greater. Fifty mines will be ship
pine this summer. The gross yield in
value will equal that of the Trail Creek
District.
"The third section of the West Kootenai
District embraces several camps along the
Kootenai Lake valley, with some of the
richest mines ever discovered. Nelson,
the most southerly camp, has among
its group of rich mines the Silver
King, which some time ago was sold to a
British company for $1,500,000. The ore
runs from 200 to 400 ounces per ton.
A narrow-gauge railroad is nearly fin
ished, connecting Trail with Rosslandand
tapping the principal mines. An exten
sion of the Spokane and Northern Rail
road will be made during the present sum
mer, so that Trail Creek will also have the
advantage of the two competing lines."
H. W. B. McFarell, who last week came
in from Cariboo, said to a Call correspond
ent to-day :
"The newly discovered gold fields in
various sections of the north "will prove an
almost inestimable boom to many unem
ployed men here having a little more than
sufficient money to carry them there.
Within this week 300 men will leave
here for Carihoo, and when they arrive
no time will be lost in finding work, pro
viding they have no inclination to pros
pect on their own account.
"For the past thirty years I followed
nearly every new mining excitement this
side of the Rocky Mountains, but outside
of the Comstock lode, in Virginia City,
Nev., I struck none that promised a repe
tition of old California times with so great
a degree of certainty as the mines of
Cariboo and other locaties in the north.
''Nothing one hears regarding these dis
coveries has been exaggerated, but on the
contrary I don't think full justice has
been done them so far. You may <>ay I
feel certain that n>y published report upon
what I saw with my own eyes wiil most
assuredly create a stampede from the over
crowded cities, before the summer is half
done. It will not be a wild goose exodus
either, for more than a month's living
awaits every able-bodied man, with a han
kering after work, who goes to the new
mines."
The American Bark Colorado Believed to
to Have lieen I .mi
PORTLAND, Or., May 19.— It is gener
ally believed in shipping circles here that
the American bark Colorado, which sailed
from the Columbia River on December 21
for Hongkong with a cargo of lumber, has
been lost. It is now out 148 days, whereas
the average run between Astoria and
Hongkong is sixty days, many passages
having been made in fifty days. The Colo
rado was in command of Cuptam Jones,
and carried a crew of fourteen men. At
the tim e it sailed the North Pacific Ocean
was swept by a series of territic gales, of
violence and duration unprecedented' in
the observations of the oldest mariners
sailing the Pacific, and it is not to be won
dered at if the storm which sent the
Cadzow Forest and other gallant ships to
the bottom wrecked the Colorado also.
Jietiret to Keeps lt» Militia at Home on
July 4.
BAKERSFIELD. Cal., May 19.— The
announcement tbat the Third Brigade is to
be ordered to San Francisco on the Fourth
of July is received with dissatisfaction
here. Arrangements had been made to
have a grand celebration of the National
holiday in Bakerstield, and the companies
of ihe National Guard at Fresno and
Visalia were invited to participate. This
is all negatived by the proposition to con
centrate at San Francisco. A protest
against the proposed action will be sent
General Muller.
Asks to He Made Administratrix, of the
Castro Estate.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 19.— M. Eliza
beth Peck • to-day filed in the Superior
Court a petition for letters of administra
tion of the estate of Martina Castro De
peaux, who was the daughter of Don
Castro, the original owner of the Soquel
and Soquel Augmentation ranches, whicn
have been in Jitigation for several months.
Mrs. Peck is the grandchild of Martina
Castro Depeaux nnd one of her heirs.
This is the estate that is claimed to have
been purchased of Mrs. Depeaux, who, the
heirs claim, was insane at, the time she
made the deeds to the F. A. Hihn Com
pany and other.". The 30,000 acres of land
in litigation is owned by about 100 per
sons, thou.'h there are some who claim to
have their deeds direct, from Don Castro,
the original owner by a grant from the
Mexican Government/
Health Officer Spottiswood Finds a Camp of
Scenic Road Workmen in a De
plorable Condition.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., May 19.— Dr.
John J. Spottiswood, Health Inspector of
the Mill Valley district, accompanied by
a Call representative, visited camp 3,
known as the "A. P. A. Camp," of the
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic
Railroad to-aay to inspect the jelly sup
plied the laborers on the road. The men
have claimed that the jelly was unfit for
food and that it was manufactured from
ox blood. It was to ascertain whether this
was true that the doctor made the visit to
day.
When he reached the camp, which is
situated in Blytbedale Canyon, about a
mile from Mill Valley, he found things in
a deplorable state, and, as a result, will
serve a notice on the California Construc
tion Company to-morrow demanding that
immediate attention be given to the sani
tary conditions now existing at the camp.
The doctor, after obtaining samples of the
jelly, inspected the camp. A pig pen. not
forty feet from the kitchen, was reeking
with filth, and its putrefactions poisoned
the water of a creek from which the water
for the camp is procured. The drain pipe
of the kitcben also emptied into the creek.
Dr. Spottiswood was indignant at the
condition of the camp and said that he
would lose no time in compelling the con
struction company to remedy matters.
The doctor will examine the jelly to-mor
row, and, if found to be as Claimed by
workingmen on the road, he will compel
the company to make a change.
Camp 3 is the one from which twenty
one men deserted last week because of the
poor food they were given.
Women Plead for Their Right* and
Vraite "The Call."
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 19.— The
Women's Suffrage Convention was opened
this afternoon in the new Alhambra
Theater under most favorable auspices.
The hall was appropriately decorated,
yellow being the predominating color.
Dr. Jordon of Stanford University deliv
ered the address of welcome. Then fol
lowed a symposium on woman's enfran
chisement, consisting of ten-minute
papers. "Does the \> ife and Mother Need
the Ballot?" was read by Rev. Mrs.
Withers, and '"Does the Business Woman
Need the Ballot?" by A. J. Thatcher.
Miss Elizabeth IT. Yatea was present and
made a brief address.
The lecture by Miss Yates was the
event of the evening. The hall was com
fortably tilled and the speaker enter
tained her hearers by an address inter
spersed with wit and logic. After an
nouncing that Blackstone pronounced the
elements of sovereignty to be goodness,
wisdom ami power, Miss Yates proceeded
to show that women possessed all of these
qualities. She spoke of the encouraging
outlook for the proposed amendment
granting woman sufirage, praising The
(all for its noble and patriotic stand upon
this subject. She was frequently ap
plauded and closed with an earnest appeal
to the men to vote for the amendment.
Health Restored to Mrs.
Everson of Santa
Cruz.
SUFFERS NO MORE PAIN.
Remarkable Physical Transition
Following a Piunge Into
the Waters.
HAD BEEN GIVEN UP TO DIE.
When Physicians Could Do No More
She Resolved Upon a Pilgrimage
to the Shrine.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 19.— Mrs.
Zenobia Everson, who has visited Santa
Cruz each winter for the past eight years,
has returned from an extended visit to
Lourdes, France, where she claims to have
been cured of a malady which she and her
physicians had believed incurable. Mrs.
Mrs. Everson was born in France, but has
been a resident of America since her child
hood. For ten years she sufferea and
many times was at the point of death.
Wnile visiting in Santa Cruz Mrs. Ever
son read of the miraculous cures at
Lourdes and determine A to go there. She
started alone across the continen t and
ocean to seek the healint; waters.
She sailed in June and arrived in Lourdes
on July 4, 1895. There she remained six
weeks, visiting the grotto daily, spending;
much time in prayer, joining the proces
sion which every afternoon proceeds from
the grotto along tue river, around the
plaza, and to the Church of the Rosary.
Mrs. Everson tooK but three of the
baths. Then came a day when, during the
procession, there came to her an indescrib
able physical transition. Through her
whole body, to the very finger-tips, she
felt the thrill of a mighty change.
She was cured of the disease that was
wasting her vitality.
From that day until now she has stead
iiy improved in health and strength.
There has been no return of pain, of in
convenience or of unfavorable symptoms.
Her eye is vigorous and bright aad Mrs.
Everson is so vigorous that she walks long
distances and feels no weakness.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 19.— The steel
bridge of the Corral Hollow Road over the
San Jr.aquin River will be completed ami
placed in position in about a week. Ail
that now remains to be done is to paint
some of the steelwork and remove ihe
temporary trestle just below the bridge.
"WASHINGTON, D. C. May 19.—
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day was $112,310,106; withdrawals.
$3<?,900.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one by carrier.. fO. 15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year.by mall....' 6.00
Daily mid Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cali., three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Cai.i., one year, by mall 1-60
Weakly Call, one year, by mail.:..... X.bO
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you poing to the country on a vacation ? If
go, it is no trouble for us to forward Til K < 'A I.I. to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
JNO EXTRA CHAKOE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 1O Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ...".... Main-ISC*
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open nntll
8:30 o'clock. '■ ■'■ '-■■ "
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
few. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
118 isimh street; open until 9 o'clock. "'*,;.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
SOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 82, 34 Park Kow, New York City.
DAVID M. I'OLT/., Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY MAY 20. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Iti-jTo be the "Carnival of the Golden
•Gate."
Tbe proposed transfer ordinance reaches
the right spot.
Ada Reban can have this town for good
if she will stay with it.
Collis P. Huntington seems to have
crawled into a hole somewhere.
Those Eastern cyclones seem t© sweep
the country every time like a J'emorratic
victory.
In the city of Moscow all the people
tiow see a splendid sight and think of
-dynamite.
Tlaere are symptoms in Carlisle's last
letter of a desire to straddle not only the
money question bnt his own record.
The Santa Cruz water carnival begins to
loom above the horizon and illumines the
near future with a glow of crimson glory.
There is reason to believe the funding
scheme has been headed off at this session
anil at tw next one vre can off with its
head.
It seems evident the jingoes of the
Fenate are so ready for war they think it
would be a waste of money to prepare
for it.
The average Kansas man is certain no
cyclone will ever come his way until one
of them lilts him, and then he goes
with it.
The Supervisors have only to watch the
■working of the transfer nuisance to see
very clearly \rhat ought to be done
about it.
It is a pity we have not the spped record
of the scorcher who ran over Lillian
Kussell. He must have been & very fast
young man.
About the biggest campaign documents
in tnis contest are the Grover bonds, and
the Democrats can neither disclaim them
nor deny them.
The pageantry of Moscow may impress
us a little from a distance, but it will take
the carnival of the Golden Gate to reaily
come home to ns.
People who are tempted to bet on the
result at St. Louis should remember this
is an uncertain world, and just at present
£t. Louis is the center of its agitations.
The coast defense bill provides appro
priations for tbe current fiscal year of
little more tban $1,900,000, which "falls a
long way short of being equal to the war
•taiK.
A Boston philosopher asserts that
"brainy women of large intelligence have
iarge feet," which may be considered a
concession to Chicago, hut it doesn't work
on thia coast.
A comparison of the blizzard? of winter
<vith the cyclones of spring •would seem to
justify a belief that in a large part of the
prairie States December i9 decidedly as
pleasant as May.
It is reported from New York that a
scheme to outwit I'iatt is on foot, but if
Platt ever hears of it there will be a report
of a scheme seen taking to a bicycle and
scorching for the woods.
Manley is certainly rieht in saying Tom
P.eed would rather be Speaker of the
House than Yice-President. He is not the
eort of man who i* •willing to stand around
end wait for a funeral.
The Czar and the Czarina will be as
conspicuous as the groom and toe bride
of a dude wedding for a few days to coroe,
but after that the country will return
■willingly to Oom Paul and Grover Cleve
land.
The fact that a morder ha3 been com
mitted within the walls of San Quentin
itself may be taken as convincing proof
that the only way to effectually suspend
this sort of thing is to hang it from the
gallows.
The proposed festival in the fall will
corae just in time to relieve the strain of
the campaign and give our Democratic
fellow-citizens a chance to get into a live
procession and ?how what good fellows
they are.
T: e executive committee of the Re
publican State Central Committee may
not satisfy all who call themselves Ke
publicans, but it will certainly have the
harmonious and cordial support of all who
are loyal.
The 3'outiR Duchess of Marlboroueh
was the most admired debutante at the
Buckingham Palace drawing-room on
Monday, and perhaps it was worth going
to England to win that honor. There are
lots of brides who would have won more
admiration in this country.
It is now asserted tbat the Oregon beat
the speed of Eastern-built ships because
she has a lonr-bladed screw, while those
of the Eastern vessels have only three
blades. If this explanation pleases the
£asterners they are welcome to it. In the
meantime we continue to be satisfied in
the knowledge that we have broken the
record.
The Chronicle of yesterday contained an
attack upon the Republican State Execu
tive Committee, which was unfair and un
just in every particular. Every word was
calculated to infuse into the ranks of th»
party a feeling of distrust instead of that
confident harmony which is necessary for
success, and the whole tone of the article
was suggestive far more of personal spite
than of regard for the party welfare.
The animus of the attack was displayed
In the very first paragraph by a sneering
allusion to Mr. Arthur, chairman of the
Republican State Convention, as a lawyer
of "a village practice." and a further allu
sion to him as '-a Justices' Court lawyer of
Pasadena." These sneers are certainly no
more than exhibitions of temper. To
mock at » man because he lives in a vil
lage is about as siily a folly as an Ameri
can can be guilty of. Since when were
all the brains, experience and political
jagacity of this country confined to great
cities? The Chronicle knows very well
that most of the great statesmen of this
country live in comparatively small towns
or on farms, and when it returns to its
usual degree of sense it would be the first
to laugh at a man who should call McKin
ley "a Justices' Court lawyer" because he
lives in the village of Canton.
The more serious charges of the Chronicle
are that the men selected by Chairman
Arthur for the Executive Committee are
without experience in party management,
a majority of them live outside of San
Francisco, and they were not ap
pointed with "a view to harmonizing
party differences," but, on the contrary,
"stand for a ciique and constitute a dis
turbing element." Of these charges the
only one founded on truth is that a major
ity of the members do not live in San
Francisco. Tho other statements are dis
tinctly erroneous. The Dew committee
has among its members some of the best
organizers of the State, and is thoroughly
capable of managing the campaign.
The composition of the committee
was the outcome of an earnest
desire to harmonize the party by giving a
representation to all loyal elements. It
does not stand for a clique nor for a dis
turbing faction. It stands for party loy
alty and the party welfare, and if the
Chronicle favors these things it should
Htanu with the committee for harmony
and not try to create dissension in the
ranks at the opening of the campaign.
The ordinance designed to put an end to
the transfer check system of the Market
sxreet Railway Company la undoubtedly
the best means of abating that public
nuisance. The right of the Supervisors to
enact and enforce such an ordinance is be
yond question. The City authorities would
in fact fail in their duty if they allowed
the public convenience to be so overridden
and the streets to be so blockaded at im
portant points as they are now by the rail
way company.
There is neither law nor common-sense
in permitting the convenience, comfort and
welfare of citizens to be so disturbed and
harassed as has been done by the establish
ment and maintenance of this system of
transfers. The scheme in its simplest
terms is a plan for extorting double street
car fares from the public. Everything
that can be done by delay, by inconven
ience, by rough usage and by insolence to
force people to go without transfers and
pay a second time is done. The number
oi porsons assigned to make the exchange
of checks for transfers is inadequate to the
service.
They are not selected for courtesy or
good behavior. They are in no hurry to
oblige. They are not there to facilitate
traffic, but to stop it. Men and women
are forced to wait until waiting longer be
comes impossible, and they take a car
without a transfer and yield up to the
railway company the nickel which has
been thus illegally and almost forcibly ex
torted from them.
Clearly the suppression of Ibis nuisance
is one of tne first duties of the Supervisors.
So long as it continues the streets will be
blockaded, the facilities of travel will be
impeded, men and women will miss trains
and business engagement!?, a sense of irri
tation will be always in the minds of the
people, and there may yet be quarrels
arising from the pushing and crowding
necessary to get transfers which will re
sult in serious if not fatal consequences.
The thing in fact is known to be a danger
ous nuisance, and should he suppressed at
once. _______^______
Tbe plan to give iSan Francisco a week
of festivities in tbe autumn will meet with
the hearty approval of every man, woman
and child of — well, we might say, of the
whole State,- for such an event wonld be
participated in by people far and near. It
is to be called the "Carnival of the Golden
Gate," and it will be a wide-open sate to a
season of joy, recreation and merry,
making.
The movement is in the hands of some
of our most energetic and public-spirited
men, and they are the kind, too, who
never do anything in an uncertain and
half-way fashion. Not even an outline
could now be given of what the pro
gramme will be, but it is quite safe to say
that it will be on a scale of magnificence
and variety the like of which the Pacific
Coast has never seen.
Aside from the pleasure the event will
afford the people, tens of thousands will
be drawn to the City from this and adjoin
ing States, and they will leave a great
deal of money with our merchants; be
sides, whatever is calculated to bring the
people of the State together upon this
plane of individual enjoyment strengthens
the body politic, and when it is all over
each one will go to his own home enter
taining a kindlier feeling toward his
neighbor than before, and every Califor
nian is every other Californian's neighbor.
The personal integrity of John G. Car
lisle has never until now been questioned.
Hitherto his political opponents have ad
mired him for his consistent adherence to
the principles of the Democratic party.
Mr. Carlisle was one of those Democrats
who would not admit that the funda
mental principles of Democracy could ever
change, but he now admits that bis views
have undergone a complete change— that
a bimetallic currency, which he so elo
quently and vehemently advocated a while
ago in Congress, is a glaring fallacy and
that the gold standard of redemption
money is the only sound, sensible and
capable monetary system.
It is always consistent for one to put bis
convictions in harmony with new facts
which circumstances have made manifest,
but Mr. Carlisle fails utterly to point out
a single circumstance which would justify
him in changing his love for bimetallism
to hatred of the silver dollar. He labors
hard in his open letter to Hon. John
H. Jones of Kentucky to make it
appear that time and conditions have
changed since he advocated the free
and unlimited coinage of silver, which
makes it quite consistent fnr nim to be
a goldite now, but the evidence that he
does not himself believe what he is say
ing is lound in a week attempt to make it
appear that the spirit of his argument for
the valuation of silver a few years ago
was misunderstood, although not until
now has he ever intimated that the outer
and inner meaning of his words were
widely different.
The truth of the matter if, when Mr.
Carlisle was made Secretary of the Treas
ury he permitted himself to join Cleve
land and Wall street in a conspiracy to
foist the gold dollar upon the country as
the standard of value so that the volume
of the people's circulating money might be
kept so narrow that it could be controlled
by the money-lencU'rs of this country and
Europe. To be charitable toward Mr.
Carlisle we would have to attribute his
change of view to ignorance, but if he will
not accept a defense upon that line, he
will have to submit to the condemnation
of the better element of his party, which
he is receiving without measure.
Our esteemed contemporary the Exam
iner has once more found that "ways that
are dark and tricks that are vain" lead to
trouble. A few days ago The Call made
known the fact that the pedestal of the
Grant monument had been constructed by
convict labor and pointed out the wrong
which had thus been done to both the free
labor of the City and the honor due to the
illustrious man whose fame the monu
ment was to commemorate.
Seeing that what had been done by The
Call was a valuable service to working
men and had found a ready response from
public sentiment the Examiner set itself to
work to reap a profit from it. Without
giving The Call any credit for having
discovered the use of the convict labor or
for having spoken in behalf of the work
ingmen, our contemporary began vehe
mently to assert its own interest in behalf
of union labor and to declare a fervent
opposition to convict labor in competition
with that of free men. The result of thi-.
noise was the awakening of the Chronicle
to the fact that the Examiner was trying
to steal a march and the prompt publica
tion of the record of that journal on the
subject of convict labor.
It has probably dawned upon the F.ram
i.i'-r by this time that it made a mistake
in trying to steal credit from The Call.
We give it full praise, of course, fur what
it did to assist in procuring a fitter pedes
tal for the monument, after The Call had
led the way, but all the .same it should not
have put on false pretenses. Had the Ex
aminer dealt fairly by Tuk Call as The
Call has ever been fair in giving due
credit to all it would not now be forced by
the Chronicle to face its old record— nor to
sigh:
Ah! wh«t a tangled web we weave
When llrst we practice to deceive.
The Sacramento Valley Press League is
compoeil of publishers of newspapers who
know what California in general and the
Sacramento Valley in particular is in need
of and how to get it. Tbe league was in
convention at Chico last Monday, and de
viled most clear and comprehensive ways
to acquaint Lome-seekers with the advan
tages which the valloy offers to industrious
and enterprising men and women.
The pamphlet and similar old-time
methods of advertising a new country were
ignored, and a plan agreed upon that, no
doubt, will bring the desired results. The
several papers, members of the league,
will print in their columns from time to
time very complete descriptive and statis
tical information, and give in suilicient de
tail the social, school and church advan
tages possessed by the several communi
ties iu the valley.
Copies of papers containing "write ups"
will be furnished at a nominal cost to any
one who will mail them. It is expected
that every one who has friends living out
side of California will mail them copies
for distribution. Undoubtedly the plan is
as good as could be devised, for by it the
home-seeker not only gets the informa
tion he wants as to soil, climate, transpor
tation facilities, and the price of urban
and suburban property, but by the news
departments of the papers he can estimate
pretty well the kind and character of the
people.
This is a great and laudable undertaking,
and they certainly will accomplish much
in the direction aimed at, but the business
interests of the valley are rather more in
terested than the newspapers in having a
large influx of home-builders, for the in
crease in the demand for goods, farm
machinery. Luildine material and all other
commodities would be larger in propor
tion to new subscriptions to the news
papers. But no doubt the people will sec
ond the efforts of the league and make
the undertaking a success.
It is a fact now generally admitted and
frequently commented upon that Thk
"Weekly Cam, is the best mining and agri
cultural paDer on the Pacific Coast. No
other journal attempts to be as complete
in the.^e departments. Other features of
importance, however, such as local and
telegraphic news, are given equal promi
nence. Information of interest Is fur
nished, also, for members of the fraternal
orders, while the housewife and the chil
dren each have departments devoted to
their interests. TnE Weekly Call is but
$1 50 per annum, and its subscription list
is increasing without the aid of tin watches,
toy pistols or corkscrews.
The lovely Countess of Warwick, who, as
I>aay Brooke or "the babbling Brooke," was
mixed up with the famous London baccarat
scandal, has her bicycle changed to match
every costume.
Quiller-Conch used to live in London, where
he worked very hard as general utility man
for Cassell & Co., but his health broke down
and he went to live in his native Cornwall,
where he only works part of the day.
Professor Garner of Central African monkey
fame and Editor Labouchere of the London
Truth are very much on the outs. Accordingly
Professor Garner has named one of his sim
ians '"Labby," and says ho intends to ex
hibit it.
Queen Victoria has had a tree planted near
the drive leading from the Sovereign's en
trance at Windsor Castle to Frogmore. in
memory of General Sir Henry Ponsonby, who
was for many years her Majesty's private bee
retary and keeper of the privy pirne.
One of the amazing literary successes of the
century is Spurgeou's sermons. The Westmin
ster Gazette says that 239K of these sermons
have been printed and sold, and that the sum
total of the sales reaches nearly 100,000,000,
an average of about 35,000 copies per sermon.
It is «ald that, though Mrs 'Tom" Reed is
only half in sympathy with her husband's po
litical tastes and aspirations, the daughter,
Miss Kitty, is thoroughly interested in poli
tics and keeps a sharp eye upon her father's
interests. Her intuitions In regard to political
followers are said to be rarely at fault.
Mrs. Carlisle, wife Of the Secretary of tlie
Treasury, is a great believer in omens, and
frcm an unusual occurrence at her home, a few
days ago, is led 10 believe that this is Roing to
be a good year for the Carlisle family. She
was standing at a w indow in her house, when
In flew a carrier-pigeon with a gold band on
one of its feeU
Ex-Assemblyman p. h. Mack of Inyo, Mono
and Alpine counties, who lives at Independ
ence, in tbo first-named county, where ho is
practicing law and engaged in mining, is at
the Russ.
Mr. Mack has just returned from Mexico,
where lie has been for some weeks, and is now
en route home. He has lived In Inyo since
1880, having gone there from his native city
of Boston. Jt was because of poor health that
he went to that mountainous section, and he
has so improved that he is in all respects
satisfied. Mr. Mack was first elected Clerk of
Inyo County, and he was the first Democrat
Fen t to the Legislature from that district He
Eayt that Inyo County, though remote and
somewhat difficult to be reached, ha3 many
advantages and that it is getting on a more
solid basis than for a long time.
The mines are nearly all in the Inyo Range,
to the east of the Sierra Jsevudaa and eRst ot
Independence, which is in the famous Owens
Valk-j".
"The principal camps" he said, "are Oero
Oordo, Panaiuiut. Darwin, Modock and
Beveridge. The output last year of the county
was abuut $300,001). Thi* may seem like a
email sum, but for the number of miners at
work it is not small. It is really very large.
"We have got placer diggings, too, as well ns
the ledge mines, and they are very good ones,
thoujih largely undeveloped.
"The soda industry at Owens Lake promises
big. D. O. Mills, H. M. Yerington, Frank New
lands and others are producing in the neigh
borhood of 3000 tons of soda a year. They
are now going to increase the plant, and they
\rlll probably produce ofti r a while 110.000 or
■Jii.uOO tons a year. There are other soda and
borax enterprises in Inyo County, and the
industry, 1 may say, important as it is com
paratively now, will be iar greater ere long.
"The agricultural part of Inyo Is largely in
the Owens Valley, which is watered by the
Owens River, a large and important stream,
as most people know. When we get other
ditches the agriculture resources will be ma
terially increased, f«r the valley has very rich
soil.
"I think it is admitted that the finest beef
in the Los Angeles market, and as good u
comes here from any direction, is from the
mountain grass-lands of Inyo. We are up at
an altitude of about 5000 feet, and the grass
is the be.n to be found."
Mr. Mark will leave for home In a day or
two.
LocoMOTtvE— ('. H., City. The best time by v
locomotive is suid to be a mile iu 48 seconds.
Keu.y's Army— K. C, Oakland, Cal. Kelly's
Industrial Array on its march to Washington
was parried out of Oakland by the Southern
Pacllic as far as Ogden, where it was placed
under restraint by the authorities and then
escorted out of the Territorial limits and nl
lowed to shift for itself. The members marched
und stole ride«, reaching the Capitol In detach
ments and by various routes.
Scotland Yard— M. K., Alameda, Cal. Scot
land Yard is the neadquarters of the metro
politan police of London. It obtained its name
from the fact that a palace formerly occupied
the sitt>— one which was built for the recep
tion of the Scottish Kings when they vl.-ib-d
the English capital. According to Pennant,
the paluce was originally given by King Edgar
to Kenneth of Scotland when he wont to
London to pay homage.
The Wingless Angel— H. W., City. The
following are the principal measurements of
the wingless angel on the top of the dome at
the City Hall: Height from sole of foot to top
of head, 21.U feet; from sole of foot to top of
torch. U7.G feet; length of torch, 5.6 inches;
length of arm extended, 7.0 feet; hid ex finger
of right hand, 10 inches; from bottom of chin
to top of head, 3 feet; from wnist line to sole
of feet, 12.G feet, and size of book held m left
hand, 24x96 inches.
The Dental College— D. a., Ciiy. To enter
the deutal college connected with the Univer
sity of California, the applicant must be 18
years of age, and must present to the faculty
satisfactory evidence of good moral character.
Unless the applicant is a matriculate of one of
the colleges of the University of California, or
some other recognized college or university, or
a graduate of some recognized academy or
high school, or a holder of a teachers' certifi
cate, he will be required to pass an examina
ination in arithmetic, English grammar, Knc
lish composition. United States history, phys
ics, elementary chemistry »md Latin, nn equiv
alent of one year's work. For admission to the
senior class there is an examination in anat
omy, physiology, chemistry, histology, oper
ative dentistry and median ical dentistry. The
fees are: Matriculation, $5; tuition, three
years, #100 each year; demonstrator of anat
omy's fee, first and second year only, $10; his
tology fee, freshman year, $10, and examina
tion lee (not returnable), $25.
Alcohol— J. T. P., City. There is no record
of who it was that discovered liquid alcohol,
but way back in ancient history there is men
tion of alkohol, the impalpable powder of
antimony, which the orientals used to stain
their eyelids. The following table shows the
consumption in gallons of spirits in the United
States:
Distilled Spirits Consumed.
Year . __
■ Ending Domestic Spirits. I T ~~._ .
June 30. - — I Imported
Frm Fruit, j All Other. j opWts.
1880 1,005.781 61,126,634 1.394,279
1881 1.701.208 07.426,000 1,479,876
1882 1,216,850 70.759,548 1,080 i>7K
1883..... 1,263,278 75.508.785 1,690 624
1884 1,137,066 78,459.845 1.511.
1885 1,408,775 67,689,250 1442 067
1886.......... 1.5.6,994; 69,295.361 1,410 259
1887.... 1,211,532 68,38o,504 1467,697
1888.... 888.107 73,313,279 1643 960
18*9 1.. 1,294.858 77.802.483 1,515,817
1890 1,508,130 84,760,240 1.561
1991 1,219,436 88,335,483 1,602,646
1892 1,961,062 95,187,3851 1,179 671
1893..... 1.687,541 98,202,790 1307 422
1894 1,430,553! 88.046.771 l!o63 885
Molabses Cakdy— Oakland, Cal. Every con
fectioner has his particular way of making
molasses candy; each claims that his Is the
best and for that reason it would be impossible
togive"tho formula, used by confectioners."
The following is given as a formula for manu
facturing the candy, but of its merits this de
partment cannot sar, never having tested it:
Take one quart 01 molasses, one and a half
pounds of brown sugar, the juice of a large
lemon and twelve droDs of oil of lemon; mix
the molasses and the sugar together, butte?
the inside of a kettle and put it in; let it boil
over a moderate fire for two hours, then add
the lemon juice ana lemon oil and boil for
half an hour; siir it often to prevent it from
burning; when thoroughly* done it will cease
boiling; then butter a pan and put it in to
cool; if sufficiently done it will be crisp f»nd
brittle, if not it will be tough and ropy. The
candy may be worked by keeping the hands
well covered with flour or by greasing them
well with butter. The working may be done
as soon as the mass is cool enough to handle.
German War Fv.nd— M. G. M., City. What is
known as the German war fund of Germany
at this time consists of $30,000,000 in gold
coin, contained in the Julius tower of Spandau,
in the province of Brandenburg. Prussia. The
town is located at the confluence of the Iluvel
and the Spree, eight miles northwest of Berlin
on the line of the Berlin and Hamburg and the
Berlin and I.ehrte railroads. It is stronglv
fortified, nnd is the key of the defenses of Ber
lin. The garrison numbers 4000 men. It is a
great depot for war materials, and Das numer
ous iactories and laboratories for manufactur
ing cannon, small arms, gunpowder, fixed
ammunition, and s.> forth, for the (Jovernmeni,
those places giving employment to 4000 per
sons. ho are constantly employed. All these
works are surrounded by water, and nearly all
the lands around tne city can be flooded. Span
dau is one of the oldest towns in Prussia, having
received town rights in 123 - 2. No one is al
lowed around the tower except those who
twice a year have to inspect the treasure. At
all other times only tho?e soldiers who are on
guard are at the tower. Kvery six months a
member of the Reichstag selected lor the pur
pose, accompanied by officials of the Imperial
Treasury, visit the- tower to muke an investi
gation, to ascertain if all the treasure is there.
A great deal of formality has to be gone
through before the officials can gain admission
into the tower and into the room, thirty feet
above ground, where the gold, all in coined
. is kept in bags, each containing 1,000,-
OOO marks. The officials open one case, in
which there are ten bags, count the monev
and theu weigh the bOK, bags and coin. They
weigh the other cases without opening them.
This fund is kept on hand to be used onlv in
case of war.
"Why do yon look at Fate
With such soft, contented eyes,
Like a ransomed soul at the gate
Of some certain paradise?
"Yonrliair has been touched with gray,
Your garb Is of mourning hue;
What can Life have to say
That is still so sweet to you?
"Long a?o youth went by,
Passion and hope are "dead."
"But that is the reason why
Life Is so sweet," she said.
Madeline 8, Bmnoasla Frank Leslie's Weekly.
Marslififld Mai!
J. D. SprecKela has been making a fight for
pure politics in California, and has been in
dorsed by the people by an overwhelming vote
ol the test element. A report of the State Con
vention s:iys:
"The Republicans of the State were not un
grateful to the man who had done so much for
the party, for Mr. Spreckels was elected Na
tional Republican Committeeman from Cali
fornia to succeed M. H. ae Young. As an
evidence of the completeness of Mr. Spreckels'
victory the fart is emphasized that out of a
total vote of C35 in the convention he received
5t;5, lacking only seventy votes of being
elected unanimously."
One of the season's novelties is the shirt
waist of batiste, dimity, lawn and even or
gandy—in iact any sheer fabric, tucked across
the top of sleeves and waist. The cuffs and
collar are cut like the usual shirt waist, and
may be stiffly starched, while others are of
rows of insertion and the fabric, and are not
starched. Still others have a simple band on
neck and sleeves, and are worn with ribbon
collars and fold of the same ribbon on the
alcoves. The simplest method of making those
waists is to tuck the material lim ami thru
cut after our plain pattern, which is marked to
snow where the tucks are plnced.
Such waists are made of any Bheer fabrir for
separate waists, and are also made luto cu«
tumes with a skirt to match.
A waist of natural colored linen batl«to had
the cuffs and collar made of rows of narrow
\ aleueiennes insertion and the «ood«. ..The
edges Uniancd by a narrow frill of lace to
match.!
A waist of figured dimity in creen and pink
had a folded collar of pink ribbon.
Mr. Maun— It's cold as a barn here. I never
did know you to have a flre when it is needed.
I'm almost frozen to death!
Mrs. Mann-Well, Frank, if you should be
frozen to death, you'd soon thaw out, dear.—
Boston Transcript.
He Will Be Invited to Inspect
Some of the Potrero
Streets.
A Complaint Against the Southern
Pacific Because of Dangerous
Roadways.
The residents of the Potrero and South
San Francisco -who are fortunate to own
teams, and those who are less fortunate
and have none, are unanimously of the
opinion that a small subscription can be
easily raised for the purpose of hiring a
close carriage for Thomas Ashworth, the
Street Superintendent, if he will promise
to visit that part of the City, and "feel" if
he should fail to see the deplorable condi
tion in which Kentucky street is for the
accommodation of those who drive over it.
The cause of this is that owing to the
poor manner in which the pavements were
laid, the cobbles have tumbled out of the
sand holes in which they wer6 placed, and
have left big, gaping holes, into which
horses stumble and wagons jolt, ail to the
annoyance and mortification of the driver.
In addition to this the space between the
car tracks is worn out.
This grievance ia of the teamsters, but
the unfortunate pedestrians residing on
the Potrero Heights have another rause of
complaint against Mr. Ashworth and the
monopoly known as the Southern Pacitic
Company, who own the property on the
east side of Kentucky street from Napa to
Colusa streets, a distance of eight blocks,
over the sidewalk of which this company
have permitted huge bowlders of bine
rock and other debris which have been
washed down from the lace of the cut
to remain to the danger and incon
venience of pedestrians, who have to
travel on the middle of the streets, dodg
ing as best they can passing teams and
electric cars at the risk of their lives.
The western side of this street through
this cut, which belongs to the Reis Broth
ers, is kept as clear of obstructions as is
possible considering that there is always
more or less mutter falling from the face
of the cut which rolls on to the sidewalk.
It is for this purpose that a subscription
is about to be taken to bring Mr. Ash
worth ont there and show him what his
duties are with the additional reminder
that he was not elected by the people to
protect the treasury of the Southern Pa
citic Company against an expenditure not
guaranteed to the common people of pay
ing their just proportion for the improve
ment of the streets and sidewalks fronting
their property.
Raleigh Barcar of Vacaville is at the|Mck
House.
Thomas Fox, Postmaster at Sacramento, is at
the Lick House.
Dr. C. B. Proom, Woodland, la in the City at
the Occidental.
J. E. O'Brien, hotel man of San Diego, is a
guest at the Palace.
Lieutenant W. H. Aplderdice, U. S. N. , Mare
Island, is at the Palaee.
R. H. de Witt, merchant, of YreKa, registered
at the Grand yesterday.
K. G. Ilart, lumberman of Shasta, Is in town,
stopping at the Grand Hotel.
V. 8. McClatchy of the Sacramento Be© is a
guest at the California Hotel.
C. T. Jones, lawyer of Sacramento, registered
at the Grand Hotel last evening.
Captain Frank Taylor, U. S. A., Vancouver,
is a guest at the Occidental Hotel.
James B. Deviue, an attorney of Sacramento,
registered at the Lick last evening.
Charles Erickson, a well-known contractor of
San I.uis Obispo. is at the Grand Hotel.
C. M. Richardson, capitalist, of Salem, Or.,
registered ai the Lick House yesterday.
Dr. S. A. Knopf, New York, was among the
guests arriving at the Palace yesterday.
George D. McLean, Marysvllie, is in the city.
He made an inspection recently of the Mary
land mine.
D. Ross, a capitalist of Santa Rosa, and dele
gate to the Grand Lodge, K. of P., is a guest at
the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. C. S. Ilibbett, United States cruiser Ben
nington, came down from Mare Island yester
day, and autographed at the Palace.
John A. May and 8. H. McPherran of Chi
rajro^have been looking over mining proper
ties in Tnolumne and Calaveras districts.
C. G. Betts, mining man of Spokane, put up
at the Lick yesterday. He has just returned
from a visit to mines in Tuolumne County.
Edward Conway Cullinan, tourist of Boston,
returned last evening from a journey through
Southern California and put up at the Palace.
E. W. Davis of Santa Rosa, County School
Superintendent aDd delegate to the Grand
Lodge, K. of P., is registered at the Cosmopoli
tan.
Ben Maddox, one of the most popular editors
of the State, is in the City. Ho says that
Visalia is prosperous and that the people are
happy.
I. Herscb of Fresno, D. Gamble of Hanford,
M. Vincent and H. Townsend of Selma, dele
gates to the Grand Lodge, K. of P., are guests
at the Cosmopolitan.
Hermann Warszawiak, superintendent of
the American mission to Jews, with headquar
ters 73 Bible House, New York, registered at
the Occidental yesterday.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 19.— At the Hotel
Albert, F. W. Thompson; Imperial— J. J.
Gottlob, Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Kelley, Dr. and
Mrs. W. D. McCarthy; Cosmopolitan— L. L.
Gross. Mrs. F. Older; Hoffman— W. C. Ralston,
T. A. Williams Jr. ; Garlach, s. Gamble; Marl
borough, M. Levy. Sailed per steamship 8t.
Paul ior Southampton — Miss Bixler. Colonel
E. S. Bridges, Rev. Mr. Keogh, Nicholas Lewen
berg, Paul L. Miller, Mr. Moorebrown, A. J.
Marcus, Julius Platshek.M. J. Platshek. Arthur
W. Taylor, Miss Charlotte L. Taylor, Mrs.
Woolrich.
"Let me see," said the cannibal chief, as a
new captive was hauled before him, "isn't this
the one who gavo me the frozen face when she
was captured?"
"It is, sire," replied his minion.
"Very well; we will make it a cold cut."
He smiled with a consciousness that honors
were at last even.— New York Press.
"That is a pretty well-bred dog you have
isn't it?" '
"Well-bred? He is so well-bred that he
trousers instead of pant?."— Indianapolis Jour
nal.
"Ah, me," aspired tne poet as he finished a
sonnet to his mistress' eyebrows, "what would
be the condition of a country without
women?"
"Stag nation," softly responded the humor-
Ut.— Boston Courier.
"Mamma, do you think Uncle Barney will go
to heaven'"'
"I hope so, Johnny. Why?"
"Caune ho wou't if the Lord knows him as
well as 1 do."— Chicago Tribune.
Khe-Yei, they are engaged. I know she re
fused him twice, but the third time he pro
posed »he accepted him.
Her huabaud-gervei him right.-Amusing
Journal.
Tlio Ameer of Afghanistan recently sent to
Queen Victoria gifts valued at $050,000. Misi
Hamilton, the Englishwoman who became hi*
court physician, assisted him in selecting the
articles.
ttlvers— Which pronunciation do you prefer
— rowt or root.
lirooks-That depends. If I were traveling
in a palace car to a fashionable summer resort
1 would say root; and if I were traveling to the
Black Hills In an emigrant train I'd call it
rowt.— Cuicago Tribune.
Ho (passionately)— There is nothing I would
not do lor you. I will climb the Matterhorn.
I will face the tiger in the jungle. I
She— Say no more, George. Go face the tiger
in the jungle for me, and when you get back
I'll let you take me to the opera.— Harper'8
Bazar.
A Lecture by a Temperance Orator on
••Life, Liberty mul a Chance to
Be Happy."
John G. Wool ley, one of the cleverest of
the National Christian Endeavor Society
orators, entertained a large audience at
Metropolitan Temple last evening: with a
lecture on '"Life, Liberty and a Chance to
Be Happy." Mr. "Woolley's speech was an
admirable combination of wit, satire and
severe comments on all who countenance
saloons or the liquor traffic, and his dis
course was received with frequent burst9
of applause and laughter. His strongest
effort was in the comparisons drawn be
tween the laws passed by the Legislatures
of various states for the preservation and
Drotection of clams, fish, etc., and the
lack of protection accorded to the wives
and children of men addicted to the liquor
babit. He closed his address with a
warm arraignment of liquor-dealers and
the Government for permitting them to
exist, claiming that the authorities are
responsible for tne larger portion of the
misery that is endured by the families
of the million drunkards that he said ex
ist in the United States.
A mass-meeting of the Old People's Home
Association was Held last nigh lin Bethel A.
M. E. Church, on Powell street. Addresses on
behalf of the Equal Suffrage Association were
made by Mrs. Dr. Kellogg- Lane and Mrs. Alice
V. Stocker.
The address of the evening was eloquently
made by Thomas Pearson of Oakland. He
paid a high compliment to the Intellect and
the work of women. $9<2al
» ♦ » ;'v^vi^-
A Nice present for Eastern friends—Town
send'sCal. glace iruits, 50c lb. 627 Market at •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
• — ♦ — •
"I see, Tremper, that you have a new errand
boy at your office."
"Yes, great boy he is, too. We call him that
little dragoon."
"Because he's such a warlike fellow, I sup
pose?"
"Hardly; its because he has to do booted and
spurred before we can get anything out of
him. "— Yonkers Gazette.
Via Union Pacific.
ont v 31/ 2 DAYS TO CHICAGO— 31^
4V2 DAY8 TO NEW YORK-4^
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Cgden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
lor tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
If you are going East call at 638 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
In the Northwest. All trains vestibuled and
equipped with dining-cnrs. upholstered tourist cars
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Stateler, acent.
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay*
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels anl
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sore and ask
for airs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bo:Ue.
Cobon-ado.— Atmosphere is perfectly . dry, safj
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Hound-trip ticket* by steam
ship. including fifteen days' board ac the Hotel dal
Coronado, $W): longer stay 92 50 per day, • Apply
4 .New Montgomery st., San Francisco.WEDXESPAY ...MAY 20, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Eai-d-wtj: Thutir — '-The Countess Gnckt"
f California Theater— 'A Trip to Chinatown."
CoLoiBiA Tbeates- "Miss Hirum Sc*rum.'
Morocco's Opeka-Hocbe— -Jack Cade."
" rvoLi OpriA-HorBK. — " Uncie Tom ■ Cabin-*'
Obphfd«- High-Class Vaudeville.
S-vtbo Coxkt Island — Bathing and Pexform
fcHooTTHt Ihctw- Dally at Hftl«ht itre«t, one
tlock east of the Park.
Bay District Track— Races.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Ckuz Mocstaixs.- The
First Anniversary Excursion and Family Picnic
of the Ccion Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
te.d on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Part.
AUCTION bALfcS.
By F. T. Khlee- day (Wednesday), Rare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Kearny street, at 2 p. k.
By H. J. LrrTHOi.Tr— This day (Wednesday).
Carr*:s, Art Goods, etc. a: 721 Market *t.. at "ll
o'clock.
Ey Geo. F. I.amsox— Tbisdav (Wednesday), Par
niinre, at 1327 I'ace street, 2 o'clock.
By E. S. s-peab & Co.— This day (Wedceiday),
FualUin, ax 31 Sntter •>:.. at 11 o'clock.
Bt Chas. Levy <£ Co.— Thursdar, May' 21.
Fnrniture. at 1618 Fell street, at 11 o'clock. '
By O'Farseli. 4 Co.— Monday. May 25, Real
Estate, a; 11 Montgomery St., at 7:30 r.'u.
Bt s-hainwaii'. Bcckrek <fc Co.— Wednesday.
May XI, F.eal Estate, at salesroom, 318 Mont-
Fcmery street, at 12 o'clock.
The eitate of John Franett* has been ap
praised at $30,5-10.
The San Francisco Daily Evening News is to
Issue its first number on June 1.
••Somewhat cloudy; wanner." Prediction
{or to-day, issued by Forecast Official McAdie.
The Van Ness Seminary held its commence
ment exercises in Golden Gate Hall last
even.-
A large party of manufacturers made an in
spection of the meat company's system and
plant at Baden yesterday.
The Balfe-Moon Club will give an "Evening
■with American Poets and Composers," in
Metropolitan Hall, May 29.
John Bradley, a machinist, living at 203
Second street, committed suicide yesterday by
Ewftllo-wiBg a dose of arsenic.
The Pacific Yacht Club it to hold an openine
day ati regatta on June 5. They bare added
the new yacht Bun Vincent to their fleet.
The local insurance managers met yesterday
to form a new compact, out failed to make anv
progress. Tr.ev adjourned for another week. *
Won? Sam, the Chinese interpreter, was yes
terday hel-i to answer before the Superior
Court In ?3000 bonds on the charge of forgery.
Leon Meyer, charsed with assaulting little
giils. is se&in on trial before Judge Bahfs. He
*&- tried once before, but the jury disagreed.
Countess Wachtmeister lectured to a crowded
house in Coloma Hall -■•- evening on "A
Conscious Universe and tee Evolution of
Man."
The Finance Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors has selected over one bandit citi
«ens to act on the Fourth of July celebration
committee.
The Chinese Mercantile Club, an organiza
tion to mote sociability and good fellow
ship among the Chinese merchants, has been
incorporated.
Hal: rates have been fixed xh the great Na
tional conventions by the Transcontinental
Passenger Association, which adjourned sine
die yesterday.
The Christian Endeavor Society.belonsing to
the Third Congregational Church on Fifteenth
street extends a cordial welcome to the San
Jose delegates.
Mrs. Katie Wheeler, 1048 Market street, and
Mr«. lieisie Lang swore to complaint! fetter
dav for the arrest of their bands on the
charge of battery.
The Supreme Court has granted a writ of
prohibition in the ease of Ciunie against the
As.-essor and proceedings for the time being
are at a stands:ill.
The annual exhibition of th* California
School of I>es:en t with the awarding of prizes
incident tht re:o, • a- .held at the Hopkins Art
Institute )6st evening.
Attorney K. Thompson ftrore out a ■warrant
ye- wrday for the arrest of Chare? I o.e. alias
tileries Blood, on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses.
Bishop Nichols is convalescing In his home
at San Mateo, after a severe cold. A.1 the re
quest oi the standiDg committee of the diocese
he will take a month's rest.
Compsnv M. League of the Cross cadets, gave
an entertainment at California Kail last nicht
to the pariatiioneij of St. Francis, to which
parish the company belongs. .
There was an exciting scene at 1042 Howard
street last night, during which Mrs. B. C.ar
field had botn her hE:. ■ :&:.-.- cut and her
kustand went into hysteric*.
The second day's session of the Grand Lodge
of the Knights ot Pythias was given up to the
reading o: reports of oHicer*, resolution*, com
mittee reports and announcements.
Alfred Criige RaTe * practical demonstra
tion of tne proportional representation method
of voting before the woman suffrage monthly
meeting: yesterday a: Golden Gate Parlor.
The thirty-fifth annual Sitte convention of
the -. cien: Order of Hibernians (Board of
Erla) ttej- held Monday In Irisa-Aniericau
K&U. Officers were elected for the ensuing
year.
Judge Campbell dismissed a case yesterday !
of disturbing the reace egainst John Mui- '
T;iney, a young raan, because he had learned
the lea commcncmeiiii. while in prison for
twentr-four hours.
The residents of the Potrero intend to invite
the Street superintendent to visit that part of '
the City and witness the bad condition of Ken
tnciry street and Ut sktewslka on account of
the neglect of the Southern Pacific R&ilroad
Company.
Mr. Hiphton is still cross-examining Lillian
Ashley— he has been at it four days — and the
end of hie questions is not yet in sight. He is
ri-.irsine up her past life and finding out how
the jived before she met Baldwin and who her
associates were.
At the meeting of the Transcontinental Pass
enger Association yesterday a committee con
sisting of the respective general passenger
agents of the Southern Pacific Company and
the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company
was appointed to arrange for an adjustment
of the differences between the two companies
named.
The wife of Benjamin F. Napthalr hag been
granted a divorce from her husband on the
ground o£ his neglect and his failure to pro
vide for her. She was allowed to resume her
maiden name of Annie V. Plcmmer. Napthaiy
was at one time a fairly prosperous Police
Court lawyer, but his wife says 'his lctemper
ate habiu have ruined hie buf iness and left
them both destitute.
Two Newspaper Men ' Banqueted on
the Eve of Their I>e
': s parture-
George E. Lyon and H. Xappenbacb, the
well-known artists, were tendered a ban
quet last evening fay the art staffs of the
local papers. Mr. Lyon will start for New
York to-morrow to work on the Journal.
Edgar D. Peixotto as toastrnaster made a
few ren.arfc3 and was followed by
Gordon Ross, who proposed a toast on
George E. Lyon. Solly Walter on H. Nap
pen bach. Other toasters were M. New
oerry, C. Rhodes, A. B. Dodge. E. H.
Bora, G. B. Beac.el, James Hamilton,
Otto Heyneman.
Those present were: George E. Lyon,
Solly Walter, Edgar Peiiotto, C. Rhodes,
W. "A. Coulter, B. Campbell, Harden
Jone3, J. A. Cahill, Will Cantrell; Jules
Pages, Harrison Fischer, A. H. Lee,
John Barrett, Percy Goldstein, C. C.
Teibs, James Annerson, Phil Hastings, H.
Nanpenbach, A. B. Dodge. W. .1. Babcock,
O. Heyneman, R. Culver, E. Van Harhn
pen, G. S. Beachel, A. Lewis. 3f.,J»ew
bf-rrj-. a. L. Partington, H. E. 'Ajken,
Well Boyd, J. Swinnerton, T. Lanentth,
E. C. Jeiinett, F. B. Slandisn, J. D. Strong,
James Hamilton, Joe Jordan, Gordon
Ross and others. '
A dispatch received from Sar.ta Rosa yester
day states that Kelaoa I>enni!-. the young siore
kfeper for tiie Donahue Railroad, it in San
nty. As he has been
ag lor more than a week this news was
I u> bis anxious :nmi!y he/e. Oac
■ ar'ed fnr San Juan to-day to
or:ng the younp man home.
En eland has So p c r cent of the wealth of
the United Kingdom.
Now Under Investigation
by the Board of
Health.
PROMISES TO DAIRYMEN
Nicholas Hansen Claims That
the Veterinary Broke Faith
With Him.
THE OFFICIAL A BORROWER.
A Scandal That Would Not Down
Though Kept a Dark
S cret.
Another City Hall scandal has been
added to the already long list, and the in
ve»: nation that is now inevitable promises
to show up a bad state of affairs among
certain officials employed by t.e San
Francisco Board of Health.
Dr. E. J. Creeiy, who was recently ap
pointed veterinary of the board, is the
official who is under lire, aua the des
xerste efforts of the members of the board
to keep the matter secret indicate that the
affair is considered of the gravest impor
tance and one that should be kept from
rubiic notice if possible in order that
odium snouid not attach to the depart
ment.
As usual in its investigations the board
did not court the light of public inquiry,
but began a series of star-chamber me 1
ings, which will probably be discontinued
in favor of open sessions now that the
"cat is out of trie bag."
Several weeks ago information reached
the Health Office that Dr. Creely was talk
ing freely among dairymen of "his powers
as veterinary of the board and of the ser
vice he could do his "friends" in the way
of delaying the testing of their cows for
tuberculosis until suspected animals were
weeded out or sent out of the county to
avoid the ordeal. He is said to have
talked learnedly of the prevalence of the
dread disease among cattle and the large
number that would have to be killed be
fore the board would be satisfied.
The board was also told that Creely had
informed a number of dairymen that he
had a mixture that was a sure cure for
tuberculosis, and that while the price was
high those who became purchasers would
be free from inspection at least for several
moDths to come, the intimation being that
those conducting the inspections would
share in the profits of the medicine.
When the matter became so much of a
subject of comment among the dairymen
that the board could no longer delay ac
tion Creely was called up ana a-ked for
an explanation of his conduct. In his ex
tremity be took refuge behind that time
honored excuse that his talk was all in
tended as- a joke.
Of course his reported statement that his
friend Docsery. the Milk Inspector, was to
receive one-third of the profits of the deal
would not be taken seriously.
A: the same time the board had informa
tion that placed the question beyond a
mere doubt, and to prevent at least one
scheme that had been put up from beins
carried out Health OrEcer Lovelace took
charge of matters and ordered an inspec
tion of the cows at the dairy of Nicholas
Hansen on the Mission road. * Ii was dur
ing this inspection that direct eviderce
was received, and in a manner that was as
dramatic as it was unexpected to Dr.
Creely.
Hansen stood the Inspection in ardent
trepidation and nervousness and tried
several times to talk to Creely "on the
quiet," but was unsuccessful, and finally
when the work was aoout over allowed his
feelings to get the better of him and
openly accused the veterinary of having
broken faith with him in permitting an
inspection for which he was unprepared.
In brief Hansen's story was to the effect
that when he heard that all of the dairy
herds were to be inspected he had
felt somewhat worried, as there
were cows in his place that he
suspected of being affected with tubercu
losis. He had talked with Dr. Creely on
the subject and had been assured that if
that individual so desired the inspection
could be put off for severel months. He
had not agreed to pay Creely any money
outright but had "loaned" him |60 on the
veterinary's request. Dr. Creely had made
a couple of visits to his place alone and
nad applied the tuberculin test to five
suspected cows and had again assured him
that an official and open inspection would
not be mads for several months.
One nizht just previous to the time the
inspection was made Creely came to his
house and insisted on returning the
money he had borrowed. Then Han-en
expected a visit from the inspectors, and
was not surprised when they came.
At the same time he thinks he was en
titled to tome protection ' from the fact
that he was bo accommodating in the way
of money to the veterinary, an has agreed |
to give his evidence to the Board of Health
whenever it so desires.
In consequence of the inspection of Han
sen's dairy by Dr. Lovelace and his as
sistants four cows were killed yesterday.
The portions of their lungs removed
showed that they were badly affected and
that to have allowed the establishment to
serve milk from them for several months
to come would have endangered the health
of many customers.
Dr. Lovelace said yesterday that while
he had been given no authority to say so
an investigation of Dr. Creely would prob
ably be held in the near future.
It is expected that the official inquiry
will develop much more than has already
been made public, ana that other officials
may be implicated in the scandal.
District Attorney Barnes Se
lected Only the Strong
Counts.
Manv Lapses of the Financial Agent
Were Not Presented to the
Grand Jury.
It transpires that quite a volume of
documentary evidence, in the form of
books, papers and letters, relating to Le
roy G. Harvey's management of the
property affairs of Mrs. Emily A. P. Smitb,
was placed in the tanas of District At
torney .: Barnes a week before the Grand
Jury indictments were presented to Judge
Slack.
It is stated, on what seems to be the best
of authority, that the misappropriation of
the Oakland gas stock did not constitute
the only lapse from fair deaJing in Har
vey's stewardship, but the District At
torney deemed the proof so conclusive and
overwhelming in this particular transac
tion that he thought it ben to advise the
indictments on that account.
According to the inside story, which was
not disclosed to the court, Harvey bor
rowed money from Mrs. Smith, pledging
as security stock in the El Dorado County
Fruit-growers' Association. It is said also
that he neglected to pay her taxes, and
she was compelled to put'np $700 on abort
notice to save her propertv, althoueh he
had advii»ed her that her property affairs
were all right.
Some fifteen years aeo the old Farmer-'
and Merchants' Bank, w:th which Harvey
wae connected, succumbed to financial
tribulations. Among the depositors was a
roving but careiul mining prospector
named Williams. He put in $4(00 in coin
as a special deposit a few days before the
bank showed signs of weakness. When
the disaster came the management claimed
thai Wiiiiam? was a regular depositor and
had no better claim than other depositors.
He was not so easily put aside, however,
bui persisted in his demands until he got a
mortgage on some Placervilie orchard
property. Williams died and left his es
tate to two heirs, who have since foreclosed
on the .t'iacerviile ranch.
It is said th»t some of the old associates
of Harvey in the Farmers' and Merchants'
Bank have cropped up again in recent
transactions wherein the property of Mfs.
Smith has been used.
A suit for an accounting on behalf of
Mrs. Smith, wholly independent of the
criminal proceedings against Harvey, may
disclose the whole story of the financial
agency.
Herman Wamzawlak, Superintendent
American Mission to the Jews,
ArriTei From Denver.
Herman Warszawiak, superintendent of
the American mission 10 the Jews, arrived
last night and is registered at the Occi
dental Hotel. He ■will preach to-night at
the Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church.
Mr. Warsawia* is the most eminent
Jewish missionary in America to-day, and
in his particular line Las accomplished
wonderful results. For some weeks past
he has been at Denver, where he conducted
a most successful meeting.
The eminent missionary was scheduled
for an acdress before "The Mission to
Israel" Society at Cambrian Hotel last
night, but he was too much wearied by
reason of the long journey to carry out the
engagement-
He expects, however, to conduct a series
of meetings at CamDrian Hall, beginning
next week.
Thirty-Fifth Annual State Con
venticn of the Board of
Erin.
"The Call" in Pa ticn'.ar. Is Thacked
by the Assembled Delegates.
Officers Elected.
The thirty-fifth annual State convention
of the Ancient Order of Hibernians. Board
of Erin, waa held in Irish American Hall,
Howard siree;, Monday.
state Delegate Charles WbeUn called
the convention to order.
The St3te steretary called the roll and
the following committees were appointed
by the chair:
Credentials— T. J. Morton, James Mc-
Curry, P. Lyons.
Press and resolutions— Thom<« McGin
nis, J. J. McCarthney. R. Lloyd.
Grievance— D. Ward, T. J. Murray,
James Gillespie.
Finance — J. J. Lane, P. F. Duggan,
Thomaa Logan, M. £. Dolan.
Welfare of the order— F. J. O'Brien, M.
O'Connell. F. McCaffrey, P. McHufth.
Adjournment was then taken until 8
o'dock p. m., so as to give the committees
ample time to report. In the evening
when the convention was called to order
t:.e committee on credentials reported in
favor of admitting representatives from
the following counties: San Francisco.
Aiameda, Marin, Contra Costa, San Diego,
Humboldt, Napa, Yuba, Monterey, 6ono^
ma, Lake and ban Joaquin.
After hearing reports from the different
com mi tees the nominations for State offi
cers ior the ensuing year were declared in
order, and Tbomas McGinnis of division
No. 1 of Berkeley was elected State dele
gate by acclamation, and T. J. Norton of
division No. 6 of San Francisco and James
McMenorny of division No. 1 of San Fran
cisco were elected State secretary and State
treasurer respectively, by acclamation.
Tae following resolution was submitted
and adopted.
Resolved, That the State Convention, Ancient
Order of Hibernians, Board of Erin, indorses
the proceodmss of the National Convention,
Ancient Order of Hibernians, Board of Erin',
held at St. Lou:.-, Mo., on tbe 6th ln«t., and be
be ii further
RttoWid, Thai we extend our thanks to the
press of San Francisco and i© The Call in par
ticular lor courtesies extended in the past.
The convention then adjourned.
The Woman's State Central Republican Club
will meet in the hall of the California Hotel,
Bush street, at 8 o'clock this evenine'
There will be speakers lrom the Continental
League and others. All Republican women
are cordially invited.
The Attention of our lady readers is called to
a special health talk to be given at Viari Hall,
23O4-23O8 Van Xess avenue, near Vallejo
street, this afternoon at 2 :30 o'clock. Subjects
of special interest will be discussed. All la
dies are welcome, whether patienu of the Viavi
treatment or not. •
The New Collier Czarina
Being Towed Into
This Port
BY THE TUG FEARLESS.
She Is Exoected to Arrive Safe
and Sound in This Harbor
This Morning.
NOTES OF THE WATER FRON T
Transformation of the British Bark
Sharpshooter — The Capsized
Boat Mystery.
The tne F*&r'p?s and the steamer Czar
ina are still tigbting against the stiff north
wester that prevails along the c^as:. The
latter is loaded down with coal, but her
boiler tubes were unable to stand the test
of a Cape Horn passage, and she had to
pat into Montevideo for repairs. Daring
her run up the .Pacific she got into trouble
again, and when Santa Barbara was
reached the captain came to the conclu
sion t at a stop had to be made.
It was then that a tug was summoned,
and the Fearless was dispatched. The tug
is one of the best of her kind in the world,
and the Czarina will not make a particle of
difference to her in the towing. Inconse
quence, the tug and her tow should be
here this morning.
The Harbor Commissioners held a very
short session yesterday. President Colnon
wanted to attend the meeting of the re
gents of the university, and in conse
quence only routine business was trans
acted. A petition from the taxpayers who
use Channel street, between S.xth and
Seventh, was referred to the chief engi
neer. It showed that the channel was un
navigable, and Mr. Holmes was instructed
to attend to the matter.
The Labor Exchange asked for 100 feet
square on the front to help out the labor
ing man in the matter of marketing his
goods. The matter was referred to the
chief engineer, and he will report.
Plan« and specifications for the new ferry
DostofBce were adopted, and bids for the
worK were ordered advertised.
Work on the Blairniore is progressing.
The masts have been removed and yester
day the sealing up of the hall was begun.
The hatches were put in place, and as soon
as everything is hermetically sealed the
vessel will be pumped out. and if every
thing is all right the hull will come to the
surface as buoyant as a cork.
The old-time British bark Sharpshooter
sank out of existence yesterday. For '
years she "plouzhed the main" under the
English flag, and had more narrow escapes
than any ship afloat. On her way here
from the nitrate ports she was dismasted
and afterward towed here from Maza'.lan
by the tug Fearless. She was purchased
by the J. F. Cunningham Company and
turned into a barkentine. Yesterday ner
name was changed to the Samoan, and
when Captain Luttrell goes out in her next
month he will have a good steel hull under
him and at the main will fly the stars and
stripes.
The men from the monitor Monadnock
had shore liberty yesterday. The war
ship will go to Sausaiito to-day, and will
then sail for Puget Sound. Should the
occasion require, she will be sent not haste
to Bering Sea.
The brig Pitcairn sailed on another
South Sea island cruise yesterday. She is
bound on an Seventh Day Adventist mis
bion, and the Pitcairn islands will be her
final port of entry both going and coming.
The capsized boat sighted by the
schooner John A, is now suppo*s«<i to
belong to Sausaiito. A. Chr stensen, a
fisherman, is missing, and his father is
now out searcning 'or him. Boatmen are
satisfied that the fisherman lost bis life
in Sunday's gale.
Preparations Being Made tor the
Fourth of July Celebra*
tion.
Names of Those Who Will Assist in
Making; the Annual Jubilee
a Success.
Preparations for the coining Fourth of
July celebration are eoing steadily on and
within a short time solicitors will be in
the field to raise the neces-ary funds. The
Finance Committee of the Board of Sup
visor? has been busv for some time past
selecting the citizens an«i business men,
who will act on the celebration committee,
and has announced the following partial
list of members.
W. W. Montague. Jamet D. Phelan. Mark
Sheldon. A. P. Hotalhijt, P. N. I-illecthal, Louis
Slow, Henry T. Scot;, Tbomaa Jennings, George
A. whall, 8.0. Murphy, John D. Spreckels,
M. P. Jones, I. W. Eellman, Captain John
Birmingham, D. J. Staples, John D. Tallent,
Rudolph Herold. I. Gutte. George H. Thompson,
J. B. Stetson, E. B. Pond, A. Sbarboro. W. A.
Halstead, Edward Hollaed, Lake Battles,
George L. Fitch, E. L. Head. Peter Fav, E. Con
roy, M. J. Ward, Joseph Keller. C. L. P. Marias,
A. K. Daggett, John H. Corner, John
GilUon, E.G. Rudolph, Samuel C. Hammond,
Arthur McGuerren, David Buck, F. Butterfleld,
Colonel W. D. Sanborn, Henry P. Umbsen, Dr.
J. Albert Noble. Captain F. J. Keenev, Conrad
Hilderbrand, Colo!>el Thomas N. duff. R. B.
Hale. Gustave Gunsendorfer, P. A. Bergerot,
A. J. Raisch, W. T. Fitzgerald. A. L. Staxbird.
Edwin L. Bonnell, T. J. ShackleXord, L J. Tru
man, Samuel Foster, Dr. Jonathan T.
McDonald, Z. ,T. Whitten, • Charles Sonn
t-.s. Percy Beamish, Henry }»." Clement,
Theodore Reichert, W. G. Doa'ne, Major A. J.
Whit-side. Geor?e T. Phelps, H. L. Tlckr.er. C.
L. Boaestell, Frank Worth. General R. H. War
field. Captain J. W. Howe!). Harry Baehr,
Hugh J. Owen, E. W. Eustice, H. C. Schaertzer,
E. B. Smith, Asa R. Wells, Robert Moore. Wil
liam B. Cluff, D. R. McN ill. George Stone,
Judge M. Cooney. Gavin McKab. J. Richard
Freud, O. D. Baldwin. Frank Sullivan,
A S. Hallidie, Henry L. Davis. Joseph Britton,
E. A. Denicke, C. J. King, James A. Mar«;o, S.
L. Lent, Edwin L. Forster. W. H. Davis, M. O.
Stearns. W. I. Galloway, Georee T. Gaden, Stu
art Menzies, Charles Wesley Reed, A. G. Towne,
L. R. Ellen. Grove P. Aye'rs, Charles H. Per
kins, William Doxey, Charles H. Crocker,
Colonel H. P. Bush. H. B. Hosmer, J. F. Eggert.
Taylor Rogers, William Greer Harrison, Colonel
Albert Castle, Jeremiah Lynch, Henry B. Russ.
A meeting ol the committee will be held
to-morrow evening at 8 o'c.ock in Judge
Wallace's courtroom in the City Hall.
Company M, Lesgae of the Cross, En
tertains It* Friends In California
Hall.
The members of St. Francis Parish
crowded California Hall last night on the
occasion of Company M, League of the
Cross Cadet*, entertainment.
An attractive programme was presented
by talented young people from the parish.
assisted by Moiica's Orchestra, and the
evenine's enjoyment came to a clo«e at
raidni.-ht with a bell. The affair was given
for the purpose of raising a funl for uni
forms for the company, and it was be
;. that the result would be very ;a%.is
facrory.
After an overture by th° orche«tra Can
tain T. J. Dinan deiiver*<1 an address. He
thanked the large audience for evincing
so much generous encouragement lor Cora -
pany M hv their presence a; the entertain
m-t. Giving a brief Listory of St.
Fr.inc:s Parish Cadets-, he said they were
oriranite: March 17 la^t, and had now
sixty-sis menaiers who took an active in
terest in the temperance movement of the
league. The company rueded uniforms to
be entit ed to jo n w.th the reriment.
The remainder of the programme was as
j follows:
Song, Miss Lillie Dwyer; clarionet solo, M.l»«
Geiss; recitation, Miss Goazales; sailor's horn
pipe. M:s« Elaine Te.fer: selections, Company
M Orchestra; duet. Misses Schurra and Barns;
violin solo, L. Mojica; sons, Ed- Wheaton.
The follow. cadets were officers of the
entertainment:
T. J. Dinan, captain; P. Quirk, first lieuten
ant: A. Connich. second lieutenant.
Committee of arrangements — A. S. Fear,
chairman; J. P. Lavin, B. P. olea-on, M. Don
egan, F. Murray.
Floor Manager, L. F. Fa tire.
Assistant floor manager, J. P. Larin.
Floor committee— A. 5. Fear. T. J. Dinun, B.
P. Gle»son, F. Murr»y, R. O'Claire. E. O'Xeil.
Reception committee— T. Vaaey, W. Dono
van. L. Swift. G. Henderson, M. Donegan, A.
Connicn, P. Quirk. N
The old ladies living at the Lick Old Ladles'
Home will hold their annual bazaar on the 6th
of June. They hope to see all their old friends
on that occa«ion. Tickets will be 25 cent?,
which entitle* the purchaser to a ride in their
bus, starting from Silver avenne from 10 a. m.
to 3 P. m., on Mission road. A Sue lunch ill
be served lor 25 cents additional. There will
be a rood assortment of useful things for sala
by the old ladies of the home. One of the
directors »aid yesterday: "It is hoped the pub
lic will encourage them by their . presence.
The old people get lonely sometimes and need
to be cheered by your attention."
• — » — .■■
It is about four years since seventeen
Egyptian mummies in the old museum of
Berlin proved to bo the bodies of fellows
who, a short time ago, took their beer in
the saloons of the capital of the empire of
William II. It is now believed that there
is not a museum in the world that has not
been imposed upon by frauds of this kind.
Stumbling Block in the Forma
tion of an Insurance
Combine.
Local Managers Meet, But Fail to
Agree, and the Rate War Still
Goe-, On.
The managers of nearly all the fire in
surance agencies in San Franci«co met
yesterday at California and Battery streets.
Their purpose was to proceed with the
organization of a compact wi.ich would
have for its oD'ect the maintain:!!;; of
rates. On the street there was considerable
i conjecture a« to the possibility of the
managers accomplishing anything'. They
had met so many times within the past
two years, and failed hopelessly, other
insurance men merely shook their heads
and remarked, as if it all were a foregone
! conclusion: "It can't be done."
This time, however, the general agents
mean business. The home offices have
grown weary of the relentless war in rates,
and revolted, so that more than one local
representative, who had distinguished
himself as a fighter and an anti-compact
man, has made a complete change of front.
Manager Magiil of the Phoenix and
Howe companies, who had stood oat all
throught the struggle on the ground that
the non-intercourse rule sought to be in
corporated in the constitution of one
abortive combine after the other, was un-
American — a boycott in fact. He held
that a rule prohibiting intercourse with a
company not in the union was not busi
nesslike or becoming. At last his home
office suggested it would be advisable to
make some concessions. Manager Mul
lins of the Commercial Union, also an
nounced his willingness to come into line.
Other managers said they were only too
willing to have peace at any price.
So a meeting was held a week ago. The
non-intercourse clause, it was then con
certed should be abolished, since it was an
objectionable stumbling block. In its
stead a clause was introduced which would
fix a penalty an agents for breaking rules
of the proposed compact.
Matters were in this condition yester
day when the meeting was called to order.
No progress could be made it seems, for
the managers adjourned until next Tues
day, thereby postponing the whole pro
ceedings one week.
Rolla V. Watt, manager of the Royal
and Nowich Union, did not attend, as "he
was not a member of the Union. He
asked many concessions a d granted
many more, but it is not yet certain that he
will join with his colleagues. In which
case the success of the present movement
| would be exceedingly doubtful.
78
They Are Partners in Gav
in's State Convention
Scheme.
AFTER THE MACHINE.
Sam Rainey Is to Show Up
Later as the Silent Partner
in the Firm.
THAT REORGANIZATION PLAN.
Dasgett, Rainey and McNab Will
Control the Junta Delegation
and Harvest Proxies.
Gavin MiNab's State Convention po
gramme, which he intends shall make
ii i in boss of the local machine, is mightily
interesting many Democrats.
The mysterious Gavin has been hatch
ing this scheme fc^r many weeks, but so
weil and shrewdly has he guarded his
great plan that few, even of those
Who have been intimately associated
with him and been guided by him
tnrough the stormy course the Junta
lias followed, have known just what
it was. He has often darkly
whispered the assurance that the Junta
combination would surely win, but he
has never coniided to any of the smaller
politicians he has been controlling what
be was going to make it appear when the
Junta delegation was victoriously seated
as he has declared it was sure to be.
Must of the people w"ho have actively
stood by McNab in the Junta have sup
posed that the present organization would
become the local machine if the Junta
were recognized as the regular Democracy
«f San Francisco by the State Convention,
and that alter their months of labor and
battle they would be parts of the machine.
But the publication by The Call of Mc-
NaD'ii programme to secure control of the
State Central Committee and its execu
tive committee and then effect a complete
reorganization of the party through an
othT Deuprey committee named for him
by the executive committee of the State
Central Committee has set half the poli
ticians of the Junta by the ears.
Many more have suddenly grown sus
picious of McNab and hostile to him.
They are not inclined to help down
Buckley and Rainey that McNab may
step into their "shoes. They are
not inclined to stand so valiantly
by a programme which will dump them
into a common heap ■with the Bucklevites
and Raineyites and leave to scramble for
place on even terms wnh the Buckleyites
if they have not McNab's special favor.
McNab's programme has been further
revealed. He is in partnership, according
to ve:y reliable information, wi'Li Da^geu
and with Frank Gould < f Stockton, in a
plan to secure control of the State ma
chine. Ali the circumstantial evidence of
recent political history confirms this in
formation.
This trinitv figures on pooling strength
and heads and getting control of the State
machine. The btate machine will be very
valuable two years hence, and now is the
time to get hold of it.
But t^e machine is wanted right away,
as weil, Ly McNab and Daggett for San
Francisco purj,.>- -.
McNab wants to carry out this reorgani
zation scheme and be a big mid powerful
local Democrat during the coming local
campaign, and maybe tret an attorneyship
for a big public official as well. Daggett
want- Mical power as badly as ever, nna he
■wants it for two thincs— to fortiiy his po
bition in State politics and to. carry out his
partnership arrangements I with Sam
Rainey, by which Rainey is to have the
purely local pie.
Dasrgett is Rainey's warm personal
friend and poiitical partner. McNab is
Dagyett's political partner, helping Dac
gett to what he wants, yet he is trying to
keep up the impression" that he is righting
Bam Ilainey. t:ie boss of the Fire Depart
ment, for which McNab professes and
shows so much friendship.
Most politicians see that McNab is in
effect making Raincy's campaign.
McNab is a big figure in the lirm of Mo-
Nab, Datrgett and Gould just now, but it
is Bald by some people who are "next" to
what ii going on there that when the
game is won the rirm will gently but firmly
"dump" McNab as a political necessity,
owing to his unpopularity in the party.
So, as the State Convention approaches,
things get more and more interesting
among the quarreling Democrats.
The opposition to McNab is as deter
mined as ever, and it was expected to show
itself in its strength at a meeting of the
committee Monday evening, but neither
side was ready for battle and nothing was
brought up that was likely to precipitate a
row.
Dr. Gavigan was there, but he had noth
ing to say. He is bidintr a time which is
coming. It was found that there would
be contests at the primary in but two dis
tricts—the Twenty-eighth and the Thirty
fourth. The fifty-three delegates-at-large
were not nominated.
This interesting labor was put off until
next Monday night, by which time McNab
and Sullivan expect to get things fixed up
according to the best terms they can
secure.
It is found that as a result of MeNab's
ability a majority of the district delegates
nominated last Saturday night are Rainey-
Daj'gett people, and that Daggett will
control the Junta delegation after all.
Daggett and McNab are not resting at
this, however. Daggett's lieutenants are
already hustling about fur proxies, several
days before the primary.
The demand for proxies has suddenly
become recognized as a feature of the pri
mary business and some nominees who
were not inclined at first to put up $2 50
and go on the ticket decided, it is quietly
told about, to do so in tie prospect that
proxies would be worth $10 or so apiece.
A number of interestinc things are likely
to happen amid the local mess before the
(state Convention meets on June 16, and as
the convention approaches the hustling
and the scheming ou all sides increase in
intens.ty.
Tne most important development is the
fact that McNab, the boss of the Junta,
really recognizes the necessity of getting
the Buckleyites In, and that his pro
gramme is a big reorganization scheme
which, they might accept while giving him
the string.
The executive committee of the Buckley
Cienerol Committee met last evening at its
Market-street headquarters with a large
attendancp, and with Chairman Donovan
and Secretary (iavigan present.
A member of the committee from each
district was especially delegated to see
that every nominee siune-J a pledce to
support in the State Convention a free
silver policy and a resolution in opposition
to the funding bill, in accordance with the
resolutions by A. J. Clunie, adopted at the
Jast meeting of the General Committee.
The name of no nominee who does not
sign this pledge will be placed on a ticket.
The executive committee adopted strong
resolutions denouncing the A. P. A. and
adjourned until Friday evening.
Cliris Buckley returned yesterday from
Los Angeles accompanied by Alex Greg
gnins. All that Mr. Buckley has to say
is that he was not doine politics in Los
Angeles, and that he is "out of politics."
Its First i — n«- to Make Its Appearance
Next Month.
On the 1st of June a new daily evening
paper will issue its first number in this
City. It will be known as the San Fran
cisco Daily Evening News and will be pub
lished by an incorporated company, of
which the following are the officers and
directors: K. S. Barney, president and
business manager: J. M. Maxwell, vice
president; J. K. Phillips, treasurer; E.
W. Tturman, secretary; W. J. Overstreet,
George R. Moore, J. T. Cochell. directors.
Its plans and policy are indicated In
the following prospectus:
In presenting the San Francisco Evening
News, a daily evening newspaper, to the peo
ple of San Francisco the persons responsible
for the venture are actuated by several dis
tinct and weighty motives. The first and
(frankness compels the admission) roost urgent
of these is a hope that we may achieve Buch
success as will enable a large number of print
ers to eke out a modest livelihood, the which
has been made a matter of difficulty by the in
troduction of typesetting machines. We have
no quarrel with either the machines or the
proprietors who have grasped the opportunity
to make money by the use of the machines.
But we want to live, and having given the best
years of our lile to newspaper work tiro now
scarcely fitted for any other vocation. But
while we frankly avow our necessity and will
not scorn such aid as may be tendered our
venture by charitable souls, wo believe we will
give to the public a quid pro quo for its money.
We believe— and this is reason two— that a
paDtr the size of t-.e News, properly edited, is
large enough to contain all the news of the day.
and that in a readable form. Few persons have
the time and fewer the desire to wade through
pages and columns of padded and long-drawn
out articles. The News will be a newsy sheet
in the best sense of the term and will try to
substitute crispness and pertinency for the
usual bulk and prosiness.
The third reason for the San Francisco News'
launching is a desire to see the truth pictured
forth in matters political and economic. We
boldly assert that there are few, if any, daily
papers that dare or will tell the bald truth re
garding these topics. Despite the truly press
ing need of education find enlightenment upon
the treat problems of government, we see our
dailies prostituting their columns to the de
mands of party politics, shielding wrong-do
er-, upholding fraud, decrying and opposing
reform and progress. The San Francisco News
will tell the truth during its lifetime.be it
short or long. Our claim to be "independ
ent" means, we hope, more than an empty
boast. We will be silent at no time and on no
subject. Praise and blame will be given as
they are earned, and party fealty will not
shield the guilty individual in any station of
life.
The San Francisco News is to be the people's
paper. Born iu and of hard times, it will be
sold for corresponding prices. Delivered by
carriers in the city or by mail, 25 cents per
month. _________^____
The Supreme Court Has Inter
fered in the Siebe
Case.
Jurisdict on of the Lower Court
Must B.- Passed Upon
First.
The trial of the accusation of A. J. Clu
nie against John D. Siebe, the As-essor,
had a brief hearing before Jud^e Wallace
yesterday. It gave promise of some inter
esting developments until a writ of prohi
bition arrived from the Supremo Court
and stopped further procee'lingH.
The writ of \ rohiuition was made return
able on June 1, before the Sunreme Court.
The ground upon which the application
was basfd was that Judge Wallace bad no
jurisdiction to examine into assessments
made by the Assessor and passed by the
Board of Equalization. The cont ntions
were the same as those successfully made
to the Supreme Court on Mr. Clunie's
original application for a writ of mandate
to compel the Assessor to properly assess
the property of the Market-street Railway
Corrfpany.
Yesterday morning was the time set by
Judge Wallace tor the trial of the accusa
tion, and, in spite of requests for delay,
the case wa< opened on time. Mr. Clunie
called J. C. Willeutt, secretary of the rail
way combination, as his tirst witness and
at once commenced to question him as to
the value of the company's property.
Willcutt refused to answer any questions
on that subject, however, without having
his books in court. An order was then
asked for and granted, directing the wit
! ness to have his books in court this morn
| ing and to be ready to answer questions
I touching the valuation of the comwiny's
property. Clunie then took up another
i line of examination. He wanted to know
if Willcutt had ever paid $10,000 to the
i Assessor in order to procure a low asscss
! ment. This the witness indignantly de
i nied; he denied also that the company
j was in the habit of paying an annual sum
for tlie purpose of securing low assess-
I ments.
Chief Deputy Assessor Herzer was the
next witness called by Ciunie. He was
I questioned concerning the methods fol
i towed in the Assessor's office, and ex
: plained how assessments were made. In
reference to the assessment of the rail
road company he said the officers of the
corporation submitted to the Assessor a
I sworn statnment of the valuation of its
| property, and that feiebe raised the valua
tion because he considered it too low.
The company's statement was produced,
and Chime : called attention to the fact that
the franchises were not inclnded.
Herzer stated, however, that the Aa
sessor discovered the omission and in
cluded the franchises in the list of the
i company's property. He assessed the
! franchises at fl.WO.uOO.
Just as the court adjourned at noon one
: of the bailiffs from tne Supreme Court
came in witn the writ of prohibition and
served it upon Judge Wallace. This will
tie up all the proceedings until the Su
preme Court, after hearing arguments on
the writ, shall decide whetheror not Judge
Wallace has the power to try the case.
Their Mutual Aid Society Prepare for a
IJIg Time To-Morrow.
The Tnion Printers' Mutual Aid Society
is preparing for a big time to be had on
Thursday next, when the fraternity will
Kive an excursion and picnic to Glen wood,
8anta Cruz Mountains. Glen wood Park
has been rented for the occasion.
The trains will be made up of first-class
passenger coaches and the comfort of the
guests will be locked after. A band of
music will accompany the excursion, ren
dering music on the trip to the park.
The price for round-trip tictets has been
placed at $1 for adults and 50 ceuts for
children, which i? very reasonable, con
sidering the long ride given.
Boats leave the foot of Market street
(narrow-gauRe route) at 8:4") a. m. Trains
arrive at Glenwood at 11 a. m. and return
ing leave Glen wood at 5:30 p. m.
Tickets can be procured from any mem
ber of the society or at GOG Montgomery
street, room 10.
Reception to Be Given to the Union
Iron Workg.
At the regular meeting of the board of
trustees of the Mechanics' Institute, held
last night, it was unanimously decided to
give a reception at the Mechanics' Pavilion
to the Union Iron Works as a testimonial
of regard and appreciation for the un
paralleled achievement and victory of the
.steamer Oregon.
A committee consisting of Messrs.
Doolan. Lewis and Cumrning was ap
pointed to take the matter in hand and
confer with Messrs. Scott of the Union
Work 1 * relative thereto.
Grand Chancellor Demands
Recognition of the
Sisters.
NEW OFFICE CREATED.
Editor Ben M. Maddox Now the
Grand Lodge's Official
Reporter.
AN INTERESTING SESSION.
Only Fraternal Order in the State
That Has Grown in Numbers
the Past Year.
The Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Tythias was called to order yesterday
morning at 10 o'clock, the hour appointed
for beginning the morning session.
Though the knowledge of the sober busi
ness that lay before them did much to
modify the general air of jollity that per
vaded the meeting of the day before, yet
the countenances oi the member" nrightly
reflected the fact realized by their innor
consciousness, that this is intended to be
a gathering of amusement anJ good cheer
as well as of duty.
The first item of the morning session
was the calling of the roll by Supreme
Representative Stanton L. Carter 01
Fresno.
Immediately thereafter, in order to
facilitate the publication of -each day's ses
sion, to make it accurate in detail, and to
minimize the labors of the press repre
sentatives, a motion was mad-J and carried
that the office of official reporter be cre
ated and filled by Ben M. Maddox, the
widely known and popular young editor
of the Visalia Daily Time?.
To relieve the onerous duty of the grand
Keeper of record? and seal ho was allowed
two assistants. At once he appointed J.
D. O'Meara of Santa Kosa Lodge No. 87
and W. W. Stock well of Lamson Lodge
No. 489, Los Angeles.
The celegatea were all supplied with lhe
report of the grand chancellor, comprising
forty-three closely printed pages. Daring
the reading of this report the author was
frequently greeted with bursts of applause.
The report shows that during the past
year the membership roll has been in
creased by more tban 400 namep, the
only fraternal order in the State that is
Known not to have decreased or remained
stationary in numbers during that time.
The grand chancellor reported the in
stitution of live lodges during the present
year — a splendid showine.
Nearly an hour and a half was con
sumed in the reading of this report.
Twice — the first time when he enthusi
astically referred to the Pythian Home,
and the next when he forcefully urged the
propriety of hcving the stars and stripes
conspicuously displayed in every subordi
nate Jodgeroom — he was heartily ap
plauded.
The jrrand chancellor is a new man. He
strongly favors the uniform rank and the
endowment rank and also wants the Rath
bone Sisters properly recognized.
During the reading of his report he paid
a very delicate and nicely turned compli
ment to the grand keeper of records and
seal: "Alwayi prompt, accurate and reli
able; ever reaay to advance the interests
of the order; a willine and tireless worker.
I can but reiterate t'e compliments paid
Brother Herman Schaffner by my prede
cessors. As grand keeper of records and
seal he is the acme of perfection."
The breeze that arose from the yells,
cheers, whistling and waving of hats that
followed made the red, yellow and blue
bunting that festoons the grand chancel
lor's c air and the platform wave and ilap
against its supports.
The report of the grand keeper of records
and seal was devoted mostly to statistical
information, of which it contained a vast
amount.
The reports or the other officers show
every branch of the organization to have
drunk deep from the central trunk of
prosperity.
The report of the San Francisco Burean
of Relief showed that 24ft cases bad been
reported during the last fifteen months
and had been properly attended to. Dur
ing this period there have been sixteen
deaths. The receipts amounted to
|6885 55 and the expenditures exceeded
that sum by $.->3 <i5. There is still due
from lodges $101, which would make the
total assets ol the society $107 05 after de
ducting the overdraft of the treasurer.
The Stockton Bureau of Relief reported
ten eases cared for. The total receipts
footed up $557 30: the expenditures
$171 05.
During the same time the Los Angeles
Bureau of Relief received |1468 75 and ex
pended $l(»;n) «o.
The Saeramento Bureau of Relief re
ceived |763 1"» and disbursed $700 20.
The Sacramento and StocKton bureaus
filed supplemental reports.
A proposed amendment to the constitu
tion relative to the payment of benefits
wsa read und referred to the commitiee on
law and supervision.
A resolution to authorize the removal of
the Grand Lodge quarters to a more com
modious and suitable location was referred
to the committee on finance.
A resolution praying that the next ses
sion of the Grand Lodge be held at lied
Bluff was read, but no action was taken
thereon. . -. ■
The following committees were an
nounced by the grand chancellor:
(iraud tribunal— Fox, Clark and Buckles;
committee on luv> — l'atton. Wolf, Xerin and
Jeter: committee on state of the order—Lind
r!iv<>. Church, GjtmImt and Katzentein ;
committee on petitions and j?n*vances— Arndt,
Brand'. n. Reed, IfcKindei ami Lichen; rom
niittce tin linani-e— liuil'man, Barber and Back
iiihii; dommittee on creJcniials — Norcross,
Carrigma and O'Brien; committee on reports—
Ixivir, Adolpn and Graen; committee on mile
age nnd per diem— Bittengrer, Dalrymple and
Calrparis; committee on rules — Katz, Rector
and Ko«e; coraniiuee on foreign correspon
dence — Duffy, I>auphiny and H<>rnbt.'Ck; com
mittee on endowment rat.lc— Hubcr, Brown
and Wilson; committee on uniform rank —
Biuckincr. Kidd and Fisber; committee on
l'yihinn home— Carter, Blumberg, Morrison,
Kutherford, Mackinder. Vincent and Otis.
At 3:30 r. m. a recess of ten minutes was
declared. At this interval a committee
representing the Ratbbone sisters arrived
When the lodge again convened the sisters
wero called on for remarks, and Mrs.
Gnthrit, Mrs. Monroe and Miss C. A.
Furno responded.
The ladies brought an invitation from
their order inviting the Knights ot Pythias
to attend a convention of the Grand Tem
ple of Rath tone Sisters for the purpose of
witnessing the exemplification of the
work last evening.
They asked the use of the hall occupied
by the Knights «a it is larger than Pythian
Castle. A motion was made and unani
mously carried that the ladies be given the
privilege and their courteous invitation
accepted.
A number of resolutions and amend
ments of minor importance were intro
duced and referred to the proper com
mitttes.
The numbers of the committee on the
Pythian Home was augmented by the
addition of Wolfe and Vincent.
Red Bluff is not the only place that
wants the next session of the Grand Lodge
held there. Hanford, Kinss County, is
also an aspirant, and a resolution to that
effect was introduced by representatives of
the two lodges of that city.
As the afternoon vraned several of the
committees reDorted on a part of the reso
lutions referred to them. Under the rules
action on them was postponed until to
day.
Ihe committee on redistricting the State
asked the representatives who desired anv
changes made in the existing state of af
fairs to communicate with it. After a few
otber announcements the body adjourned
till 10 o'clock this morning.
It is expected that the session will end
Friday evening or Saturday noon.
SeTen Graduates From Van Nen Semi-
nary Sing Their Farewell Song
in an Artist's Atelier.
Golden Gate Hall was filled with a fash
ionable audience last evening, the occa
sion being the commencement exercises of
the Van Ness Seminary. Over a thousand
invitations were issued.
The stace was arranged with oriental
rugs, paintings, tapestries and divans, the
scene being the interior of an artist's
studio. This was designed by Mrs. Edger
ton, assisted by John Houseman and John
Gamble.
Seven young ladies were in the graduat
ing class, all attired charmingly in pure
white and each holding in her hand a
spray of are'en. All of the young ladies
were strikingly beautiful and with the rose
light that was thrown on the scene the
effect was an exquisite picture.
This commencement marks a c lange of
administration in the seminary, Dr. S. H.
Willey retiring and beim: succeeded by
Miss Sarah H. Hamlinand Mrs. Edgerton.
The programme was rendered exceed
ingly well; it was as follow.*:
I>uet for two pianos. "Valse Brillantc"
(MoukomgJ), Mae K. Weldon, Beatrice Spli
valo, Ardejin Billiard and Professor Stewart;
MMy. • -Typical W-unen of the French Revolu
tion ' Roberta M. Wiliey; recitation, "In an
Atelier ' (Aldrich), Anna II. Day and Edna M
lilos>; violin solo, "Ballade and Polonai.se"
(Vieuxtemps), Miss Mct'nnneil, pupil of Henry
lleyman. Discussion, "Fads— Are They Benefl
cial or Detrimental?" affirmative, " Ardean
Milliard; negative, Beatrice Splivulo Essay
"The New Escalibar," Anna H. Day; vocal
solo, "Across the Dee" (Coombs), Roberta M
Willey; recitation, (a) "Merchant ol Venice"—
act I, scene II, (6) "A Maiden's Lament," Kdna
M. Blocs; essay. "Make Haste Slowly," Helen
L.8paldinK: piano solo, "Cascade" (Pauer),
Mae K. Weldon; class WBg, 'Loyal and True";
addresa and presentation oi diplomas, Dr. s. H
Wiliey; musical director, H. J. Stewart, M H.
At the conclusion of the programme the
graduating class— Helen Louise Spalding,
Mae Km ma Wtldon; literary course, Edna
Mitchell Bios-, Ardean Bullard, Anna
Hunt Day, Beatrice Splivalo and Roberta
Maria Willey, sang the class song, com
posed by Helen L. ypaMing, after which
Dr. Willey presented the young ladk-s
with their diplomas. Besides the diplo
mas conferred by the doctor Mrs. Edger
ton gave special diplomas to Jjpr class, con
sisting of the Misses Bloss, Day and
Willey.
The Famous Entomologist of New
Jersey Expected to Arrive
Very Shortly.
Pacific Ccast Association Decides Not
to Donate a Certain Fund
to Stanford.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 19.— Dr. John
B. Smith, the bug«catching professor from
New Jersey whose insect-hunting expedi
tion to this coast was announced in to
day's Call, and who was expected to
reach Berkeley this afternoon, did not ar
rive.
"I euess he has stopped off ai Fresno or
Tulare," said Professor Woodwortb, the
Berkeley entomolog^t, tins afternoon, ••to
catch a few more butterflies and moths be
fore coming north after the San Jose lady
bugs. He left Los Angeles yesterday and
was supposed to have reached San Fran
cisco to-day. He has oeen out here for
some time catching bugs for the experi
nv-nt station in New Jersey, and I guess
by this time he has spent nearly all of the
$1000 which his t^tate has appropriated for
the purpose of gatuering in a quantity of
the scale-killers, such as the 'lady bug3'
or 'birds.' "
Professor Woodworth describes Dr.
Smith as being a large, corpulent, good
natured German with a ruddy complex
ion and a jolly laugh.
Berkeley's Population.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 19.— The popu
lat.on of the town of Berkeley, according
to the figures submitted to the Board of
fklucation last night by School Census
Marshal J. L. Scotchler, stands at 11.220.
The report as submitted was a detailed
one and gave at length the hgures as to the
population of adults, boys, girls, and chil
dren under the school age. The figures
are as follows:
Town of Berieeley— Adults, 7414; boys,
1818; girls, 1307; children under live years
of age, 1181; total, 11,220. Berkeley School
District — School children, 2724; l<k>7 boys
and 1357 girls; children attending public
schools, 2015; private schools, 196; chil
dren under live years of ag>\ 12:38; total
number of chiluren, 3962; "adults, 7073;
total population, 11.635.
Change of Programme.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 19.— An inno
vation 'will be made this year in the grad
uating oxejteises of the Berkeley High
School which will be held durine the early
part of June. Instead of the regular read
ing of exercises there will be a debate be
tween the "Forum" and Hie "Eeclesia."
the boys' and girls' debating societies re
spectively.
The subject for discussion is a resolu
tion, "That Cuba should be annexed to the
United States, provided that she has
gained her independence and is willinc."
The debaters for the "Forum" will " be
George Brehm, Carl Parker and Charles
Parks, and those for the young ladies' so
ciety will be Miss Mary Gallagher, Miss
Emma Mansfield and Miss M. Douty.
The negative will be upheld by the "Fo
rum."
No Money for Stanford.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 19.— The Pacific
Coast Athletic Association executive com
mittee decided at their meeting last night,
which wns held at the Olympic dub
rooms, not to tender any of the proceeds
of the championship field day to Stanford
University, but to give it all* to Berkeley,
as was at first planned. The athletes at
the State University are much incensed
at what they claim is a preposterous de
mand made by the Stanford team for a
part of the proceeds of the meet, to be
used on their proposed Eastern tour.
Berkeley is to have the entire $7000 un
der the proviso that they send a team P^ast
within the next ihree years. Should they
not send a team wittiin that period, one
half of the sum will revert to the Athletic
Association to be used for whatever pur
pose they desire, in the interests of ath
letics.
Professor Leuichner to Wed.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 19.— The wed
ding of Professor 0. Leuschner of the
astronomical department at the State
University, and Miss Denicke,.dauerhter of
Regent Deniske, will take place to-morrow
evening at the residence of the bride'a
parents in San Francisco.
The couple will spend their honeymoon
by making a short tour through Califor
nia, after which they will leave for Europe
for a year. The popular professor will
spend most of the time while in Eurone in
the study of astronomy at Berlin. Mean
while, he will travel with his bride
through France and England.
Suffragiiits to Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 19.-The Citi
zens Suffrage Society is making elab
orate preparations for their big public
meeting to be held in Snattuck Hall to
morrow afternoon and evening. Both
Bessions will be addressed by Miss Sarah
Severance, Miss Yates and Miss Mills.
Shop* Will Ba Closed.
BERKELEY, Cm... May 19.— All the
butcher-shops in Berkeley will be closed
to-morrow on account of the butchers'
day, which will be celebrated at Shell
Mound.
On Sunday, May 17, the Rev. Dr. Hallock
preached and administered the holy commu
nion at Mills College. Ten young ladies made
confession of their faith in Christ and united
with the college churcti. . It was a day of
joy to Christian heariE, and the coramuinon
service, the lnst of the year, was impressive
and profitable. I>r. Hallock preached from the
text, "Who hath despised the <lt\y of small
things?" Xext Sunday the baccalaureate ser
mon will he preached by Rev. Dr. Coyle at 3
o'clock. The usual exercises of commence
ment will take place during the week, the an
nual concert being on Tuesday evening and
the commencement day on Wednesday. The
exercises of that day will begin nt 2 o'clock.
The address will be given by Rev. L. H. Hal
lock. I>. 1>., and the presentation of diplomas
and conferring of decrees by the president of
the codege, Mrs. C. T. Mills.
Alfred Cridge Teaches the Vet ing
System to Woman
Snffragists.
A Trial Ballot for Seven School
Trustees Results With Emi
nent Success.
________
Tbe Woman's Suffrage monthly meet
ing was held yesterday afternoon in
Golden Gate Parlor. Miss Susan B.
Anthony opened the meeting. -In the
course of her remarks she gave a resume
of the work which had been accomplished
for the cause throughout the State during
the past week. She expressed her gratifi
cation for the recognition and indorse- i
ment of woman's suffrage by the thre« j
political parties. She did not forget in her
remarks . again to allude to the stand
taken by The Call and said she hoped the
members would send copies of that paper
to their friends.
At the conclusion of his brief address
Alfred Cridge gave a practical demonstra
tion of the i proportional and representa
tive system of voting. This consumed the
remainder of the afternoon.
The demonstration consisted of a trial
ballot lor School Trustee. Twelve names
were voted for as candidates, seven being
the number elected. The members read
ily acquired a practical knowledge of the
system. So thoroughly did they compre
hend the manner of voting that Mr.
Cridge announced that no ballot had been
wrongly markei.
There were 87 votes cast. Charles M.
Shortridge,oneof the candidates as trustee
for the imaginary school, received the
highest number of votes cast. The quota
was 12 votes. Mr. Shortridge received
enough for election and 31 votes in excess.
These were divided among the less fortu
nate candidates.
The following dates and places for the
conventions now being conducted by Rev
Anna H. Shaw, Elizabeth U. Yates Mary
G. Hay and Harriet May Mills, were an
nounced. These are conventions that
were held in the past week and to be held
in the week to come:
San Luis Obisno, llth and 12th, San Luis
Obispo; Monterey. 12th and 13th, Salinas-
Santa Cruz, 13th and 14th, Santa Cruz San
Benito, 14th MdlSth, Hollister; Santa Clara
15th and 10th, Gilroy; Santa Clara, 18th and
lUth, ban Jose; San Mateo, 19ih and 20th
Redwood City; Alameda, 20th, Berkeley
:). med , a ',23 st ,M I d 1 ? 2 _ •"■■*' am * d « : Mendocino'
-pd and 23d. Ukiah; Sonoma, 25th -and 26th
Santa Rosa; Contra Costa,. 26th and 27th
ol a tine : .>o a pa 27th * nd 28th ' N «Pa: Solano
5n VQn?i d 2 - 9th ' Sui6Un Cit y"' Sacramento, 29t_
and 30th, sacramento. " ' '"
He Has Canceled All His Epis
copal Engagements for
a Month.
His Condition Regarded as Not Seri
ous, but He Must Have
Absolute Rest.
The Right Rev. William F. Nichols,
Bishop of the Episcopal diocese of Central
California, has been ill at his home at San
Mateo. His condition has been improved
during the last few days.
Bishop Nichols worked so hard that
nervous prostration was the result. Added
to ibis, he contracted a cold that settled in
his lungs and made his condition really
alarming at one time. An improvement
has been noted, however, which fact will
be heard with sincpre pleasure by his
many friends and admirers.
His physician, Dr. Washington Dodge
informed the standing committee nf the'
diocese that Bishop Nichols should have
absolute rest. The committee is composed
of Rev. K. C. Foute, Rev. Dr. enauldinc
Rev. Mr. Chetwood, Rev. Mr. Lion A N*
Drown, Colonel Mendell, U. B. A., Charles
B. Havens and Major Hooper. They met
Saturday and addressed an affectionate
and respectful letter to the Bishop, asking
him to cancel all the engagements of hia
episcopal office for thirty days at least
Bisnop Nichols was also respectfully urged
to attend strictly to his health and "to take
absolute rest.
The physician saw Bishop Nichols on
Sunday at San Alateo. The Bishop was
touched by the communication, which ha
accepted in the spirit it was presented,
that is, he almost promised to think of
nothing but his health for a month.
"The Bishop is in no immediate dan
cer, said Major Hooper last night in the
Occidental, "still be is in a serious con
dition. >\ e hope that a month'B rest will
serve to bring back his health."
The wood of the lime tree is used for
the sounding-boards of pianofortes, as it
does not warp under change of tempera
ture or atmosphere.Conducting a Place on New
Lines for Parentless
Children.
LOVING HELPING HANDS
How Little Ones Are Cared for at
the Presbyterian Asylum
at San Rafael.
A FARM TO BE ESTABLISHED.
Boys to B2 Taugbi Trades and Girls
Housewifery and Made Useful
Members of the Community.
A year ago a number of ladie? connected
vrnh the Presbyterian church decided
uron establishing a home for orphans and
haif-orphans of Presbyterian parents, as
existed at the time. It was also the
j rpose of the«e ladies to secure a farm on
.to bring up the children, educate
.a the practical way a of life and to
:rh rest cottages ior young women
who might desire to obtain at nominal
_•■• a place where they could rest for a
few •].■.■. ■ ■ .ear.
The rirst step in that direction was the
■.snment of the orphanage. They
. .«... ■ in the past was known as
'•The Gilbert House," at one time a fash
ionable boarding-house in beautiful Cower
o:ng San Rafael, located almost in the
heart of that place and surrounded by
t{ acious grounds.
Tne building had. by reason of non
. oecome a wreck, but willing
-.actuated by a desire to supply a
trr-at need, employed necessary mechanics
and in a short time had the old structure
arranged to meet the warns of those who
had the matter in charge, and at this time
it is a perfect home lor the sixty little
one? who are sheltered uncier its robf.
•This is our home and this is our little
family," said Miss C. U. Edgington, a
r ieasant-faced }-ouug lady who occupies
the position of matron, yesterday, as she
led tne way into a large, scrupulously
clean, well-lighted and sunny dining
room, where the little ones were par
taking of their noonday meal. A more
tidy, happier and healthy lot of little ones,
ranging in age from 20 months to 10
years; it would be difficult to rind any
where. There was noticeable an absence
(f that severity and rigorous discipline
that is often noticed in institutions where
children are brought up under the care of
those who are not related to them except
by ties of kindnes? ana devotion to those
who are parentless. There was not even
that restraint often observed at boarding
schools.
Each child seemed to have the same in
dividuality that children have in their
homes. Little Jennie, the pet of the
home, only 20 months old. who as a babe
was rescued from the slums of Fan Fran
cisco, havine eaten a genteei sufficiency,
Eat on a bench hugging a rag baby almost
as large as herself and appeared to be as
content as any one of her age could wish
to he.
"The children in this house," continued
the matron, "are brought up on different
Jines from those in many institutions. It
is our pnrpose to make this as near home
like a« it can possibly be made. We do
not want to let them feel that they are the
children of charity. All but a dozen who
are in the kindergarten grade attend tne
public scoool with the other children of
San Rafael, and they are, I am pleaged to
fay, treated just the same as the other
j upils.
■ We have a little cottage on the grounds
where the smaller ones have kindergarten
instruction. Then in these large grounds
each child has his or her own little earden.
The boys plant vegetables and the girls
fi .wers,"but there- are quite a number of
boys who have flower pardens, for they
to iove the beautiful flowers as much
the girls. They riant, rake, weed
fci.d writer their respective sections, and
I :ied they are when they car. get
out after sctiooi hours to dip and work
eround! The oider hoys help in the
{.•••!»er:il work about the home and the
j-iri- are taught to sew and do the.mend
ing, fust the same as they would in a
. They are all like a great family of
brothers and sisters, and so well do they
get alone that tnere is no need for punish
ment. Wa hope that we may be able to
continue in vhia work as we are doing it
now.
'■Help? I have to assist me in the nian
njrement of our family Mrs. Kaae >'o
Pherson and Mrs. Laura Denholm, two
very kind and motherly ladies. Mrs. Mc
ion loves each little one as if it were
her own, and the love of the children for
her is reciprocal.
'We have hero a playroom, and use it
night and morning for devotional service,
and on Sunday the children all go to Pr.
Noble's Sutiday-schooi class. Tne little
ones have plenty of recreation. There are
swings !or the girls, also skipping-ropes,
and for the boys there is a gymnasium m
the yurd."
The rooms on the upper floor— more
than a duzen of them— with the execution
of one ui-ed as a hospital, are used as sleep
ing apartments. They are all bright,
cheerful, well lighted and well ventilated,
and each ia tilled with tbe fragrance of the
tlowcr-iaaen atmosphere, and the little
bels are made up by the children with as
much care as if arranged bv professional
; bedmakers.
In these rooms the are traght one
of the branches of successful housekeep
; ing— a lesson they will never forget. The
■exes are Kept separate and in the center
of the building are the rooms of the as
v.stants, who. at a moment's notice, can
; attend to the wants of any of the children
In the night. The furniture and bedding
of tne-e rooms have all been contributed
by kind people who have taken an interest
in the w. rk. There is, however, a lack of
chairs, but this has been supplied by the
eider boys having built out of odds and'ends
of boards substantial bencnes. Some of the
sleeping-rooms are neatly decorated with
fancy work and pictures.'
One of the cottages on the grounds,
which has been designated as "Rest Cot
tage," is being fitted up in furtherance
: of the ideas of the lady managers. Mrs.
William N. Aderson, an old-time resident
i of San Rafael and at whose house the
rim Presbyterian prayer-meeting in that
place was held, is titling up a room in
that cottage at her own expense, an'1 she
hoj-ms that others will follow her example.
"This," sfce «aid, "is intended for poor
girls who work in shops or stores the year
' round and whose limited wages will not
j permit them to go to the springs. They
will be allowed to occupy these rooms for
a limited time and will therefore enjoy a
I rest in the country — a luxury that they
i cannot have at summer resorts on ac
; count of their scarcity of means. This of
' course is not a money-making arrange
i ment."
Mr?. Noble, the resident member of the
hoard of managers, wife of the Rev. \V. 1'..
i Noble ol the Presbyterian church, h:is
i supervisory charge of the home. "We
I hope ?n the near future,' 1 she said, "to
secure a farm in this county. At our an
nual meeting held ia^t week* a committee
; w&s appointed to view the Downing Eann,
ttireeanda half miles east of this piece.
I Its dimen-ion is eighty acres, pleasantly
! situated, with plenty of shelter and a
small running stream. It has til'teen acres
in fruit trees, and the place i? very pro
ductive. If we can t-ecure that place we
will eitabli.-h our farm there. We wi.i
teach the boys ail that can be taught them
on a farru. and we will teach the girls ail
that a girl snonld know to become a good
housekeeper, eitner for the city or coun
try. We shall establish trad'es for the
boys and teach them something besides
farming.
"In fact it is our plan to make useful
members of the community of the children
under our care. Before we make a selec
tion we shall visit two or three other
places that have been suggested. When
we do secure the farm then we shall put
our plan of rest cottages into effect.
"We are pleased with the euccess we
have already met with and we intend to
make onr orphanage what it is now. a
home in ev.-fy sense of the word. The
health of the children has been excellent,
only a few capes 01 the mumps, and these
have been cared for by Dr. William F.
Jones, the Health Officer of Ban Rafael,
who sees to the health of our family.
"A more contented lot of children than
we have i have never seen and tney ail
dearly lovely Miss Edgington, who is a
most'loveable lady."
The Man Seen by Captain Hell
quist Supposed to Be a
Soldier.
A. Prisoner From Alcatraz Mssicg
Since Monday Horn
ing.
The man and boat seen drifting out
through the Goldc-n Gate on Monday by
Captain Heiiquist of the schooner John A
is supposed to be none other than a de
serter from Aicatraz Island.
On that day a soldier named Herbert,
who has been sentenced from Vancouver
to three years and six months' imprison
| ment on the "Rock," as the military men
; term Alcatraz prison, escaped and nas not
as yet been found.
From information obtained it appears
that Herbert's punishment on the Rock
had been made rather severe. He had, in
addition to bis lone-pending- term, been
confined in the tank for fourteen days
upon bread and water. Having served
th is time, he must in some manner have
; given offense to those in autnority, as be
\ no sooner eot out than he was again com
' rnittfcd for fourteen days more, upon the
same bill of fare.
From this his last term he got out on
last Sunday, and to his comrade? be
made the threat that before he would
i again spend fourteen days in the dungeon
he would commit suicide. On Monday
morning, about half past 8 o'clock, when
. the prisoners were allowed out of their cells
! to labor about '.he grounds, Herbert asked
i permission from the sergeant in charge to
, be excused for a few minutes.
The request was granted, and when the
twenty minutes, whic , is the limited time
I allowed upon an occasion of Has character.
had expired Herbert failed to report for I
duty. A search was instantly made about !
the* island, but no traces of the missinc |
■ man could be found. The officer in charge i
' i>ruered a boat to be got ready and manned ,
I and search instituted along the shore line
of the island, but the result was barren of i
success. The boat's crew reported that
DO tidings of Herbert could be found.
It is now surmised that the man and
boat seen by the captain of the John A
i were none other than the unfortunate I
j military deserter, who either secured a j
boat along side the island or swam out to ;
a raft and cutting it loose drifted out witn
the tide, willing to take bis chances of
beins rescued, shot or of becoming food
for the fish. _
Two hnndred and thirty thousand people
have licenses to sell or deal in beer in
Great Britain.
But the Regents Have Not
Yet Decided on the
Location.
SAN FRANCISCO FAVORED
Disclosure of the Intentions of
the Testator in Regard to
This City.
GOVERNOR BUDD OUTSPOKEN.
He Declares He Will Enforce the
Regulation Regarding Absentee
Regents.
Wilmerding's bequest o! $400,000 to es
tablish a school of mechanical trades was
the topic discussed at the meeting of the
board of regents at the Mark Hopkins In-
■tftateofArt yesterday afternoon. Gov
ernor Eudd attended the session and pre
sided. Repents Hallidie, Miller, Martin,
Houghton, Kelloge. Lynch, John E. Bodd,
Phelp<, Wallace, Denicke, Rodger?, Black,
Chase, Waymire, Reinstein, Jeter,
Foote, Secretary Bonte and Attorney
Mhoon were present.
The subject of imposing on student? a
fee of $10 a term for incidentals was called
ud b}* the Governor.
In order to settle the matter Judge Wal
lace iniroduced a resolution that no such
tax should be imposed.
The matter was postponed, on the state
ment of Attorney iliioon that the regents
had no power to charge a tuition fee.
The minutes were corrected and a reso
lution accenting the £utro site for the
affiliated colleges was adopted.
The resolution of acceptance as prepared
by the attorney of the board for record in
the minutes embraces letters from Botro
of July 24. July 90, August 9 and August
■'">; also the deed of Octobers 1805;
the forfeiture waiver letter of May 2*1898,
and the resolution acknowledging the
noble plans of the donor in connection
with the Sutro Library. In conclusion the
At» is gratefully accept«d, and butro's
profound appreciation of the good o» the
commonwealth and his devotion to learn
ing are fitly recognized.
When the Wilmerding site was reached
in the order of r>usines« the room was well
filled cy capitalists, professional educators
and other leading citizens of the Htate.
The Stockton delegation, sent down to
present the advantages of that progressive
'■ity. consisted ot H. .1. Corcoran, Califor
nia Navigation Company ; Fred M. West,
banker; James Miirsh, Grangers' Union;
F. B. Frazer, banker, and H. U. Shaw,
Stockton Mail.
W. K. Davie was at the head of the Oak
land delegation.
Among citizens of San Francisco attend*
ing were William Alvord, James D. 1'he
lan, Alfred Bouvier, C. F. Fargo, Herman
Se&UssIer. J. K. Freud. E J. McCutoueon.
Thomas J. Lamb, Joseph Leggeu and.
Professor Buchanan.
The Legislature was represented by Sen
ator Percy Henderson ana Bigmand M.
Bettman, chairman of the Assembly com
mittee on Public Morals of the last session.
Charles K. Keyes, president of tbe
Throop Polytechnic Institute of Califor
nia, Pasadena, and Professor H. B. Ard
ley of tbe University of California were
there.
There was so much talent in sight that
the Governor readily perceived that the
business could not be transacted at one
session, so it was agreed to adjourn, when
an adjournment was taken until this
morning at 10 o'clock.
William Alvord, president of the hank
of California, replied to some questions
propounded by Governor Budd, and said
Mr. Wilmerding never thought of ai.v
other place than San Francisco for the
school site. It was his idea to take the
poor boys of! the streets of this City and
teach tliera a trade.
C. F. Fareo, the old-time business
partner of Mr. Wilrnerding, said: "I
knew Wilmerding, and took him out rid
ing every clay for two year*. 1 went over
to the Potrero with him. He thought the
school site should be south of Market
street. He Dever thought of anv other
place than San Francisco. I knew Wii
merding from the time he came to Cali
fornia. He worked for rne for $luo a
month and was finally admitted to partner
ship.".
It was suggested by the Governor that
if Wilmerdine's money was made in the
liquor business it came from the interior.
Mr. Fargo replied: "Wilmerdine : s for
tune was made in the New York stock
market. The liquor business probably
made $300,000 for him."
E. J. McCutcheon, the lawyer who drew
Mr. Wilmerding's will, thougM it would
not be violating professional confidence to
recall the fact that in one will drawn for
tbe testator there was a gift of $350,000 to
establish a school of art in San Francisco,
but when it was announced that Mr.
Searles bad given the Mark Hopkins man
sion for an art institute Mr. WiJmerding
had bis will changed and substituted tde
trades school for tue art school.
"Mr. \Vilmerding was so apprehensive
that tomethine might happen to him that
he sent to the Bank of California for his
box and took therefrom H'.O.OOO of securi
ties, with instructions to have Mr. Alvord
deliver them in person to the Board of Re
gents for tbe school of trades. He was
greatly interested in the success of the
Cooper Institute of New YorK."
Thomas J. Lamb, the business manager
of Mr. Wilruerding, said the Potrero was
frequently mentioned as a proper site lor
the school. "It'l should say that when
Mr. Wilmerding died he expected the
school to be located in the Potrero I should
state a fact. Mr. Wiimerding olten no
ticed the numerous crowds of Idle boy? on
the streets, and once he said to several of
them that they ought, to be learning a
trade. One of the boys responded: 'How
can we learn a trade? Tiiey won't let
OS. 1 "-
The Governor wanted to know to whom
the boys referred in saying "they won't
let us. 5
Albert Miller was po-itive that the
trades unions were meant. James P.
PheJan said that Richard Freud knew, and
Mr. Freud said that Joseph Leggett under
stood what was meant.
Several wise repents, who saw that the
board was off the track, intervened and
re-established the direct course.
Herman Mchussler. chief engineer of the
ring Valley Water Works, Professor
Buchanan of the Cogswell School, and
Charles J. Keyes, president of the Poly
technic Institute at Pasadena, enlightened
the regents on the subject of mechanical
schools. • •
Mr. tn^hussler observed that California
boys were remarkably quickwitted. He
advised the board of the danger of going
too far with scientific training, and epoke
of the value of knowledge in the handling
of the ax. saw, hammer, trowel and the
square. The boys should be taught to
estimate on the quantity of brie* and
lumber required. He thought a small be
ginning should be made on cheap land
south of Market street.
Had Rev. Anna Shaw been present at
the meeting to hear Professor Keyes she
might have changed her mind about Pro
fessor Griggs of Stanford being the ideal
man. Professor Keyes is a fascinating
talker. Surely tbe regents acknowledged
that they had been entertained as well as
instructed by the masterly fashion in
which he presented his argument.
When the regents on the Berkeley side
were too closely pressing Mr. Keyes for
an admission that the school should be
established near the university he said:
'•We are suffering at our "leading uni
versities just a little bit with the idea that
a master mechanic is not quite as good
as a professor of Greek or a leading lawyer.
There is among professors a sort of feel
ing that it is not quite as respectable to
work with the baud deftly as to work with
the hand quiet."
Before the adjournment Governor Budd
notified the board that he intended to en
force the law declaring vacant the place
of any regent who shoold be absent three
months without leave. "I shall make new
appointments at once to till such va
cancies," said the Governor."
They Swear Out Warrant* Against
Their Husbands for Battery.
Two wives, smarting under a castigation
from their husbands, swore to complaints
for their arrest yesterday. Mrs. Katie
Wheeler, wife of K. T. Wheeler, I6tf
Market street, appeared in Judpe Gonlan's
court, irhe *ai'i that on Monday ni^ht,
after she and her husband retireJ, he got
out of bed and went into another room ;
that che followed him, and he struck her
three or iour times in the face with his
lists.
Mrs. Bessie Lang, wife of Charles Lanp,
who has a cigar-stand on California street,
opposite the Stock Exchange, appeared in
Judge Campbell's court. She said she
went to her Husband's stand on Monday
to ask him for some money and he kicked
her out.
Vincent Ostrow&ki, an insane man, was ar
rested on Haight-and Stanyan ttreeU yester
day morning by Policeman Moran. He wan
taken to the Receiving Hospital in the patrol
■wagon. As he leit the waj»on ne tried to break
away from Moran and ' Policeman Gay nor and
a desperate struggle ensued- Steward Bucher
ran to the assistance of the policemen, and it
required alt their efforts to drag him into one
of the padded cell*. ...
That Is What the Woman Suf
frage Association Will
Wage.
The Planks That Have B>en Already
Secured for tfce Party
Platform.
Within the past week tbe woman suffra
gists have secured two more planks for
their platform. Unlike the oilier parties
in the state, we are united in our purpose
and have but one issue — woman suffrage,
pure and simple. We want but four pianks
in our platform — one .Republican, one
Populist, one Prohibitionist and one Dem
ocratic, each and all declaring for the
same thing. On the«e four, securely held
together and strengthened by the earnest
efforts which the women themselves will
make during the campaign, we hope to
ride to victory at the November election.
Three of these ulanks already have been
prepared and given to na by the Republi
can. Populist and Prohibition repre;-enta
tives, eood sound pianks that seem to be
able to weather the storms that will beat
upon them during the next hve months.
I do not know why the reporters insist
npon quoting Mis* Anthony M saying we
coerced the Republicans into indorsing
woman suffrage.
She never in public or in private has
said anything that could be construed in
that way. All who were at the Repub
lican Convention will testify that the
methods of the suffrage representatives
were as far as possible from coercive.
Nothing of the kind was necessary. Re
membering the spirit of friendliness and
courtesy that was shown to us at that con
vention, we feel that we cannot protest
strongly enough against having such re
marks attributed to us.
On the other hand, we do not under
stand why the men of other parties insist
that the Republicans did not adopt the
plank in good faith and that they will not
vote for tbe amendment. This amend
ment was submitted by a Republican
Legislature, the State Convention two
years aco adopted a woman-suffrage
plank. The Call— the leading Re
publican newspaper of the party —
has indorsed it in the strongest
possible manner, and the Republican
press generally throughout the State is
lavorable to the movement. If, during
the campaign, the Repuoiican speakers
should fail to advocate it; if the .Repub
lican press should allow it to jro by de
faul:; if the returns from the November
election show that Republicans failed to
vote for it, then we snail know that the
party has acted in bad faith, and the Re- !
publican wcruen of the State can deal with
it as they think best. Meanwhile, the
action of the Republican Convention shall
have our respect and confidence.
At the Populist Convention we were
made to feel that we were in the house of
our friends. When we took the train for
Sacramento we found the San Francisco j
and Ahuneda delegates on board, and
others joined the party at various way
stations. They surrounded our seats in
the car and, in the warmest and heartiest
terms, expressed their symbathy and co
operation with the woman suffrage move
ment. At the State House Hotel, where
we had encased our rooms, they crowded
our headquarters to extend greetings, and
there were few delegates who did not
wear the little woman suffrage badge on i
their coat lapel?. We were told that there
were not more than half a dozen men in
the convention who were opposed.
At the convention hall we were escorted
to front seats amid cheering and waving
of hats, and several times were invited to
address the delegates. It seemed that as
if every man present took us by the hand
and assured us of his friendship and sup
port- It was not necessary for us to appear
before the platform committee as the
woman suffrage resolution was incorpor
ated without a dissenting voice, and it
was unanimously and enthusiastically
adopted bv the convention.
We were many times assured that it
would receive almost the entire Populist
vote of the State. This was not the action
of a small body of men leading a forlorn
hope, but of a political party which polled
over »&,000 rotes at the last election, and
has a prospect of an increased strength at
the neat. It was not done as a matter of
party expediency, for many of the mem- i
bers expressed grave doubts as to whether
the votes of women would add strength to
the Populist organization, for a few vears
at least; but it was the act of 300 sincere, j
inte.ligent, independent men, governed
by their convictions of right and wrong,
and standing squarely upon the question
of principle. This party is founded on
the basi* of individual representation and
has tbe manliness and the justice to
recognize that woman a? an individual
haB the same rights as men, and they de
sire to grant to her what she never should
have been deprived of.
There was never any doubt as to the
action the Prohibition Convention would
take on this subject. From its organiza
tion it ha? stood :or woman suffrage, and
women have sat as delegates in its con
ventions. The Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union is the most thoroughly and \
effectively organized body of women the
world ever has known and has been largely
instrumental in securing much salutarv
temperance legislation and educating: pub
lic sentiment in this direction. The State
Bnftram Association fe^ls that the ladies
01 the W. C. T. T. do not need any assist
ance from them in looking a^ter the Pro
nibition partv, or, rather, that tbia party
does not need "looking after" by anybody.
But as a mark of honor and deference the
State Suffrage representatives attended the
Prohibition Convention at Stockton last !
Thursday, and were received with the J
most distinguished attentions. The |
eleventh amendment was indorsed with- |
out a dissenting voice, and, doubtless, will
receive the full strength of the party vote. '■
The most interesting question now un- j
der discussion is, What will be the action
of the Democratic convention upon this
subject? The politicians of all parties tell
us that it will be a waste of time and
money to go to that convention, as we
will be sent away empty-handed. We do
not consider the advice of politicians as
always sound and we most assuredly shall
visit the Democratic convention and ask
them to extend to us the same considera
tion as has been shown by the other po
litical partres of the State. There is noth
ing whatever in the pure .Teffersonian
principles, upon which this party is j
founded, to prevent its indorsement of an
act to enfranchise women. It will have !
nothing to lose by such action at the |
present time; it may have much to gain. ]
.Should woman snffrasre carry in Califor- i
nia, of which there is an encouraging pros
pect, this party will not want to stand in
the attitude towards Democratic women
of having done what it could to prevent
their obtaining this ri^-ht or nrivi1p»p.
in no dtherSTafe in this I'nicn 7s there
snch a spirit of fairness and justice toward
women as has been shown by the men of
California in these last three political con- .
ventions. It is an insult to the Democratic I
men of the to ?av that they have not
this spirit in as great a measure as the
men of the other parties. Until they
themselves prove this by their own acts,
the women of the State will refuse to be
lieve it, and we insist upon a suspended
judgment until the 17tb day of June.
Manv letters have been received urging
that some official action be taken relative
to the paper of Professor H. H. Powers be
fore the Woman's Congress. This is a mat
ter exclusively tinder the control of the
congress, which is a body entirely separate
from the State Suffrace Association, but
neither tho writer nor the paper is of suffi
cient importance to warrant official notice.
Such papers are apt to be of more benefit
than harm. There is nothing women need
so much as to be roused from their condi
tion of letharey and indifference and to
begin to think upon the social problems
and living issues of the day.
So long as they are only coddled and
flattered their stronger faculties lie dor
mant, but when a mac stands on a public
platform and brutally tells them that na
ture only intended them for "breeders," it
acts like an ice-water plunge or an electric
shock and they begin to ask "where they
are at." Professor Powers' coarse senti
ments aid more, perhaps, to stir women
up and set them to thinking than did all
the beautiful and ennobling addresses that
were made.
The most unfortunate feature was the
odium that it cast on Stanford University.
For the hrst time its friends had to blush
for that great institution of learning.
Powers is a new man and is decidedly out
of place among the broad, progressive
educators lor whom Stanford is distin
guished. A professor entertaining such
ideas respecting women is not fit to b» a
teacher ol girls and the sooner he is retired
the better it will be for the credit of the
university.
The reputation of Stanford, however, was
fnllv sustained by the splendid addresses
of President Jordan, Dr. Ross and Pro
fessor Grigg8. Apropos of the latter gen
tleman, he is undoubtedly greatly an
noyed at the prominence he has attained
as the "Ideal Man.' No man could be
more entirely free from egotism or a desire
to pose before the public. His daily life
is characterized by a simplicity, a defer
ence to the opinions of others and a sin
cere recognition of the merits of those
around him that are as admirable as they
are rare in one so gifted and so praised.
He is happily married to an educated and
capable woman, has two lovely children
and a pleasant home on the campus at
Stanford Vniversity. Ida A. Harper,
Chairman State Press Committee.
Charles Nelson of the Ship San Bonita
Probably Drowned.
Charles Nelson, a sailor on the ship San
Bonita, wnicb is now being repaired at the
Union Iron Worts, has been missing
since Monday evening and it is presumed
that he fell overboard~and was drowned.
He was first missed at about 11 o'clock,
and after a thorough search bis hat wat
found floating underneath the ship's gane
plank. The bottom of the bay has been
drageed in hopes that the body might be
recovered, but the effort was unsuccessful.
910
Dr. Dille Upon the Provi
sional Regime of
Hawaii.
THE COMING OF TROUBLE
Princess Kaiulani the Hope of
the White and Native
Royalists.
INTENSELY ENGLISHWOMAN.
Hawaii Needs a Stable, Popular Gov
ernment or Annexation to
This Country.
Dr. Dille of the Central Methodist
Church of this City, who returned last
Friday from a six weeks' visit to the
Hawaiian Island*, was interviewed by a
Call representative regarding the politi
cal complexion of affairs in the oiid-
Pacific republic.
"The Provisional Government," said
Dr. Dille, "is apparently running as
smoothly as its best friends could wish.
President Dole's executive ability and pa
triotic principles cannot be questioned,
and the strongest adherant of the late
monarchy must respect him for his wis
dom and honesty. I refer, of course, to
the white royalists and the most intelli
gent of the native population. There is
evidently a desire on the part of the Gov
ernment to treat all colors with impartial
justice and to reco mniend itself to the en
tire island people.
"But everywhere there is a sense of un
rest and a clear apprehension of a coming
national, if not international, trouble.
"However upright its character may be
it is not a government of the whole peo
ple, and I think none know this better
than the Government itself. More secu
rity, stability is needed, and more promise
for the perpetuity of the republic. I use
the word 'republic' as a seneral term.
"The Kanakas are not in tune with the
present reginie. Those who seriously con
sider it are intensely dissatisfied, and the
rest are happy-go-lucky over the ques
tion — the predominating trait of these
simple islander?. They cannot under
stand that anybody but a Hawaiian in
blood should rule Hawaii. Around Hono
lulu since tne last outbreak there is proba
bly nothing that the Government need
immediately fear, but in the other islands
distant from the capital there is plenty
of rebellious feeling. When the leaders
come the timid natives will again arise in
the interests of a native ruler.
"Another question that comes up with
all its unpleasantness is that of finance.
The National purse, always a slender one,
lias been pretty well emptied, an<1 money
always cuts a mighty tit;ure among; the
nations of the earth.
"So the Dole Government, knowing it
self to be out of toucti with the Kanakas,
js praying for annexation as the only
remedy. Of course, the average native has
no conception of the meaning of the word,
and if it were explained to him what
annexation means he would like the idea
just about as little a« he likes the white
government at Honolulu.
"Liliuokalani. having formally abdi
cated and surrendered all her right and
title to the crown, is out of the question
forever; but there is another woman — a
new one— looking over the ocean toward
the island kingdom that was willed her.
She is Princess Kaiuiani and the hope of
the Royalists. Her friend* in t!ie islands
are not parading the btiacLes with brass
bands, nor even with the royal Kahili
pi times, but all the tame the current sets
toward this girl Aside from the fact that
she is a handsome, amiable and popular
princess, and is the only pretender to the
shadow throne of Hawaii, sne is English
through and through, and none know this
better and joy over it more than England
and Ler Minister and subjects in Hono
lulu. So when Kaiuiani gets ready to
rule over the kingdom restored she will
rind plenty of foreign friends to hunt
California Jockey Club's Spring Meeting:. Bay District Track. Seventeenth day. Tues-
w day, May 19, i896. Weather tine. Track fast. . .
l'^OS F1R8T KACE ~ Slx lurlon^s; selling; three-year-oids and up; conditions; pone $300.
index. : Horse. age, weight. St. V* % % sir. Fin. Jockeys. Betting.
1188 Zobair.6 ...... 114 T 1 ~%~ <Tl 4~Vi 1« Coffcy "7 To
11<9 bkalfcabo.3 98 6 51 5% 6 2% U. Brown 10 7
1203 Chinook, 4 .107 •-' lii in in 3 2 Russell """ "5 in
1186 Mt. Air. 4 107 5, 3 1 S y, 2h 4 1 > arUn I 3 2
1-JO-J jManon.-ne.3 .101 8 8% ?• « 6h Johnson."""" | 6 *
1183 sweet Briar, H. 8.1 4 .... (1U 4% 7 62 McKenna Hn inn
1160 Miss Pollard, 3.... 93 10 10 3 '" 10 9 7 2 Mb era™ 25 15
iO13 Japan. 3. 110 9 91 9 8 8 10 lTS5*"..w.":|S 80
3179 Minnie, 3 101 3 2 h 2 % 3% »2 »_ 40 ■ Bo
11*6 Yreka. 4 .........107 1 ....... 6b 8™ 10 10 2 Peoples... % 60
1190 I Navy Blue. 4... .107 11 11 U n U ...'..I'.:., 8 12
... StartlDB-Kste used. Won easily. Winner, J. C. Humphrey's b. h., by St Savlour-Nlehtbawfc
lime, i:i 0*4.
1210. lfoo° ND RACE - Seven *<Jrtong8j soiling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse
Index. j Horse, age, weight. I bu Vi % % str. Fin. Jockeys. o Betu . B| t
1195 Oregon Eclipse, a.104 5 2h 1% 11 11 :lh Frawley "Tft la
1197 Tarand Tartar, 6.106 7 3 a a l" - 2^ 41 2 ns Bowman.. 7 U a
1186 Hermaulw.4.. 100 3 95 6% 6T 313 1 Martin ° """ 8-6 1
1197 Seaside, 6 102 6 61 7 51 62 62 42 Rowan 20 SO
1190 Charles A. 8 104 8 53 41 3 14 a >A 62 Barns la ?k
ll»0 (Elmer K. 6 104 4 4^ 63 72 7 % 6 8 Sold.": 6 8
(1179) Bake Stevens. 6. .112 91h31 4 y, 6 7% C Weber 5 12
»g£V.vvj» 2 ■?? i 8 .5? 1 .^ K ir ::::::: i 2 |
"i 2 o5- 4^:::::::^? !e ? t }0. 10 10 ... 10 . 10 SSnS IS I
(1195) Ricardu, 6 104 left ...;;; ;;;;;>:; ;;;;;;" ;;;;;;;• Shepart"" "" 6 8
1 .jj^ 1 *" 111 at * used - Won driving. Winner, J. Robbins* ch. g., by Joe Hooker-Lulu Rlggs. rime.
1 91 1 THIR RACK-Oneand an eighth miles; Inside course: steeplechase: four^ear-oids and
1*11 . upward; conditions; allowances: purse *S50. '■•••-" c *"" U8 aDa
Index. Horse, age, weight. 1 j Eft. Ml. 3d J. 4thJ. BthJ. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Belling.'
1157 Arnndel, 6 135 6 5 * 3 1 2 % 24 2 2 ll Caddy 4. 'iT~o
1110 Artemus. 4 1.V2 - 1 18 110 110 16 13 21 \v lancv «-S i.i«i
1096 Comrade, 6... .....142 2l2Vi!22 33 3% 36 32 Swift * 5 7
1096 Tom Clarke, 4...:lS2 4 4 2 41 4 2 44 44 47 HenneVsev k in
108S Malol>iab!o,4....130 3.3h 5 5 5 5 8 Finn « 1,
9*5 uhewk.s i42i « 6 ! i , * ££^0,,:";;: :::: B .l &
2:061^ hotkey fen flrsUn m p Winner> FIOOdlnore 8lable ' 8 ch " b., by Dake of Norfolk-Elaine. Tln^
1212. FOURTH ACE-Five furlongs; two-year-olds: conditions; allowances: purse 360.
Index. Horse, age, weight. I fit. 14 %' a/ sir. I Fin. Jockeys I Betting.
H?2~ Lo.% Koi . nan .:::::."iuIiT EE 1 "IT ~TF IT I i^F 7 " lOp. ci.
J196 T h eRo, n an 1U 4 52 *gi 2h | *% gjgr • M „
(118»)Vikln P 1,8 3 ....•.- 11 11 11 31 ' Manln i in
1188 Tortoise 106 2 2 1 32 42 44 Bowman -" 1? IS
1196 jLadyHurat 103 1 ........ 4 % 66 6 10 5 30 %£™:::::" *o itS
Time l!oi XT*" D8ed " * 0D _«"»}•. Winner, EllETrood stock farm's b. c by Imp. Brutus-Beauty,
1213. ano F Ja"ce 9 1pur 8 V 3 n(i * "*" fUr ' Ong8: sellln^ t»>ree-ye.r-olds and upward; conditi^nT;
index. j Horse, age. weight. I Bt. I 14 I /^. '/* Str. Fin. Jockeys. I Betting.
I I I Op. C'L
1201 Last Chance. 6....117 1. j 3 1 A 32 31 1 1 Martin ~~ i" T
1199 Howard, 5... .....110 8 61 41 ly. 2 2 . Peoples""'"" X a
1128 freewill, 3....... 100! 5 71,4 7 1 6 1* 3 1 s art ""'"" HO in
1161- Favory,4 '....110 6 8 1 81 71 4 hi, lloss "in }?,
1208 |B oa<i Warmer, 3. 95' 2 11 1 L [L 5 T BuMer"""""" « i, 1^
(1186) Marble Rock. 6 .117 91 ........ 61 6 h ib 61 C.Weber"-'" I 2'-j
1199 Crav.ford. 6.....:.113: 7 1 92 9 8 7 L \\l :B«iTTn ' 'I 9 '2
1194 Johnny tapron. 4.114! 10 ........ ,4% 61 9 8 l" Espino^a " 20 £
1186 Myron,4 307 11 ....... ; 10 V 10 * 10 I %i Johnson ' 20 «
1191 J^lift^.. a... .....:108 12 ........ 11% 11 11 jof* Rowan so f2
1191 OracJcerj.ck,a::;.iiO| 4 | -2-? | 22 si 112 Caatro " ™ • w!
HBO IdaS a uer,4.......105i 3 ........ 1 12 1 12 12 . 12 H?Brown I'. '.;;;; iff? 200
™ i"iSa'f Uaed ' W0D drlvin 8- Winner, Oakland stable's cb. g., by Duke of Norfolk- Vedette.
Time, i:UoVic - - ■ • \ ..».,-. :"---i]Li— jMOBMti™ 11 '— - ■ ™*-****
among the old royal lumber for the scepter.
"Hawaii, lying exposed and defenseless
in the great path of commerce traversing
the Pacific, must be or should be pro
tected by a stronger power than itself, and
the question arises, 'Which power shall
ttiat be?' Burdened with an unpopular
Government, and rilled with the non
assimilating elements of a mixed people,
stir will disintegrate. Besides her own in
different natives and the American and
Eneiish born, who are cousins but not
lovers over the Hawaiian question, she
has erreat numbers of Portuguese, Japa
nese and Chinese laborers scattered among
the plantations. These three bodies of
aliens are only lay figures in the political
economy of the republic, except when they
become, if they do, objects of solicitude on
the part of their respective irovernraents.
Should another outbreak or revolution
occur Great Britain and other powers, if
not the United States, will surely take
strong and active measures on the ground
of protecting their respective subjects.
The Hawaiian Inlands should have a pop
ular and stable Government or annexation
to this conntry.
"Speaking of revolution, the thing is
not so remotely impossible and even now,
though I am not desirous of being quoted
as a prophet, the seeds of rebellion may
he sprouting. The last uprising might
have been successful had they pos^es'-ed a
leader who would have first prepared for
the blow. It was sprung too soon and
went haphazard after it got started. The
natives c»n only be relied upon when
they are properly led, but there are doubt
less leaders which, under the present con
dition of things, have nothing to lose,
comparatively epeaking, and everything
to gain. The Kanakas will be ever looking
for tne day when a native Hawaiian will
occupy the palace again, for their simple
minds cannot grasp the idea of an alien
ruling over the old kingdom of Kameha
lueha.'
Ileddy Gallagher Want* Another
Chance at Young Mitchell.
Cruti- Country Run a.
The athletes of the Olympic Club have
been training at the Olympic athletic
grounds for several days past for the cross
country races which will be held on Sun
day at Souther Farm within the immedi
ate vicinity of San Lean iro.
Captain Gill states that several contest
ants wili participate in the running events
and that the cycling races will be warmly
contested, as several of the best riders of
the cut) have signified their intention of
entering. Superintendent Kennedy has
been deputized to take charge of the
culinary department. He has perfected
arrangements with a well-known beef
merchant of San Lc-andro with a view of
having an excellent bullshead breakfast
for the boys after the races are over. Ac
cording to tse preparations that have
been made by the officers of the day, the
Olympic Club athletes and wheelmen will
enjoy a tirst-class outing on Sunday next.
On Sunday next an interclub inanimate
target shovting contest will be held at the
Lincoln grounds, and the Empire Gun
Club will shoot clay birds on the same day
at Alameda Point.
The Fly-castinjr Club will meet this
evening at Sutro's Baths for practicercast
ing. The electric lights have been so ar
ranged that the caster can now plainly see
the drop of his fly, which condition of
affairs did not exist at r>ast meetings. A
large gathering is expected.
Inanimate-target shooters are practicing
daily at the Oakland grounds for the big
tournament which will be held at Good
water Grove, near Stockton, commencing
on the 30: h inst.
The Olympic Club is|makingKarrange
ments for a ladies' night, which will be
held in the club's gymnasium about the
middle of June.
Reddy Gallagher, who is the instructor
of the Denver Athletic Club, writes that
during his vacation in June he will jour
ney 10 this City if any of the boxine club
managers will guarantee him a match
with a:iy of the Id .il pugilists of his class.
Gallagher is anxiuus for another iry at
Young Mitchell. When those two clever
exponents of the manly art met in the old
Occidental Club, situated on New Mont
gomery street, about rive years ago, in a
finish contest, the members of the club
saw one of the most stubborn and excit
ing fistic contests that had ever taken
place in this City.
Mitchell won the contest, but it was a
hard-earned victory. Gallagher had him
going in the second round and in all prob
ability would have defeated Mitchell had
it not been for the timely sound of the
gong, which saved the home-made cham
pion from a Waterloo.
In the fourth round Mitchell caught
"Keiidy" a nook on the point of the chin,
which jiut an end to the battle. The once
famous middle-weight. Jack Dempsey,
seconded Mitcheli in this tight and it was
through his clever teaching and able as
sistance that Mitchell snaiched m victory
from the two-handed Denver champion
when the latter was holding a strong lead.
The contest will ntver be forgotten by
those who witnessed it. It was give and
take from start to finish.
A Poor Card With Cheap Fields
Attracts But a Light
Attendance.
OREGON ECLIPSE OVERLOOKED.
Zobair Disposed of His Field Easily.
Arundel Downed a Warm Favor
ite in the Steeplechase.
Not enough coin circulated around the
betting-ring at the Bay District track yes
terday to buy a tramp a new pair of cop
per-riveted blue overalls and a starched
white shirt without causing some one to
take advantage of the bankruptcy act.
The card, originally just a trirle freckeled
at the outset, underwent the pruning
process with the result of having the best
event declared off, leaving but five races
to decide, the fields in which all were of
the "skate" variety. The attendance was
small and the sport listless and uninter
esting.
The favorites could be said to have met
with more than ordinary success, for two
out of the five won purses for their owners.
Old Oregon Eclipse surprised the crowd
by capturine the event in which he started
at odds of 20 to 1.
Bookmaker Humphrey's Zobair went to
the post a 7 to 5 favorite, against a verv or
dinary field in the opening six-furiong run.
Coffey waited with uim until the stretch
was reached, when he sent him to the
front, and at the wire won handily by a
length and a half, with Chinook, a 30 to 1
shot, finishing in the show.
"Doc' Kobbins' old horse Oregon
Eclipse, scampered away with the next
event, over seven furlongs, at the very
juicy price of 15 to 1. He was apparently
neglected aud overlooked until the last
moment, when a quiet play was made on
him. Away in front, closely followed by
Tar and Tartar, he managed to keep bis
head in the lead all the way, and at the
wire beat the Tar out a head. Martin, on
the 6 to 5 choice Hermanita, backed down
from 8 to 5, managed to bring his mount
up the last furlong, finishing third next
the rail, but a head away from the leaders.
May Day and Ricardo w'ere left at the post.
The jumpers had an inning in the third
event, tie course being about one and one
eighth miles with six obstacle* to clear.
Clancy's mount, Artemus, seemedjto be in
greatest demand, the wise coin forcing his
odds down from 8 to 5 to 9 to 10. Of the
other five starters the Lark was offered
the most support, the departed Clifton's
favorite being played down from 4}4 to 1
to 2\i after opening at the latter figure.
He was, however, unfortunate in making
a mistake at the first jump, dislodging his
rider, Epperson, from the saddle. The j
favorite led untii reaching the brow of tbe
hill coming up from the dip when Arun
dei, ridden by Cuiidy, overtook him and
won easily by a length. Comrade finished
in the shuw behind the first horse. The
winner was a 7 to 1 chance in t;:e books.
The Roman looked to overtop the other
starters in the five-furlong scramble for
two-year-olds and was rightly made a 1 to
2 choice. Viking, followed by Tortoise,
made the running to the stretch, when the
favorite gradually forged to the front, win
ning easily by a length ami a half in
l:0l>^. Dolce, the sister to Crescendo, out
ran Viking the last part, capturing place
honors.
A cheap selling dash at five and a half
furlongs wound up the day's racing. Road |
Warmer, carrying 95 pounds, wa« sent to '
the post a 13 to 5 favorite, and after racing j
To-Day'« Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
A Dbrevlations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: three-year olds; non-winners this year.
! Best I i " i ~~~ "~~"
Index. I Name. Lbs record. Dlgt. Lba Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1 il 9 Von Dunk — ll'Jnorec D. Bridges Imp. Conveth-Brtmova
,771 Miss Lucy 107 no rec. J. K. King Red Iron-Mo'Ile V\ a'klos
}}-§ frimmte 10, F. O'Rourke i Apache-Linda Vista
11, « M , a r Jones 107 K.W.Roberta Kvlor-by Joe Daniels
1209 ?, . aIk « 1 V?".," — jll-Jnorec W. D. Randall Hyder All Carrie
JKJJ2 Ml Pollard.... 107 1:02% 6f 99 F... L. Shearer Ip. ldallum-by Kyrle Daly
}^. woet Briar..:. 107 no rec. W. L. Sullivan. IP.en Ali-I.ady Mlddleton "
iit Trappean 112 It. E. Downing Imp. Inverness-La Irani)*
}}%> Coda 107 ........ Pueblo .table. Imp. Cyrus-Rus-tta
1167 Benham 112 1:13V4 6f 100 F... C. W. Dougherty...! Flambeau-Geraldlne
X S92 o*.?^ 1 ? 1"9 norec i ....|U. Pacheco „... Peel-Ursula
i'i.2 ? el1 °S k V— .— 107 1: 9 2^ 5f 104 - A. W. iJndsey Apache-Julia Martin
}'£%£ 'I mp - fcndvinlon 1«» :553; *VW 100 F... F. L. Harris... Knierprise-Snplentla
1209 !l J apan !l09norec. M. T. Donovan Linden Ell bee Ess
iS?l Jim Bowman -- 109 ...: .... MissE-starkey.... Major Ban-Bessie
°.f£ ESK G D rattan - | log -.---• ••• J. W. Buckley Isaac Murphy-Pikes Peak
-.oi*? Charlie Boots.. 109 1:01% 6f 104 F... Cliff stable Alto Mio-Constellation
1302 ;V<Tapia... l!)9 :56 4i£ f 106 F... Avenue stable 'sinfax-Partmana
iMlsaCunnlnghmlOT no rec j.... Lone stable Three Cheers-Marguerite
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; telling. v
Best ] j i T ~~ ' : "~
Index. I Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. ] Owner. Pedigree.
1201 i Nell Flaherty...) 110 | T777 1 7T77 ■ U. Stipe I Little Alp-Gypsy Queen
19} " en « — 114 1:08 Bi^f 101 F. .P. Weber Ijomboo- Sooner
1191 MoHle R 105 1:08% .', i/j f 102 F. . J. Bobbins Imp. Marluer-Cantenac
ivm S* rd 11 ■■<.- — U?8 1: V° % m f 110 K -- W Kar P Uathboue-Vlctona
1/01 Tim Murphy.... 110 1:14 6 t 111 F. . White & Clarke.... i Imp. Kvrle Daly-Maggie R
llfS ' rma • 107 1:11 |(il * f 104 ' H.. F. Brown St. Saviour-Ella T
8^7 Boreas.. ! 11^,1 -.IS"* 6 f 107 F. . Q. BOM Kol Ian-Ordnance
?.,n5 ' '" v "'-iltr i 107 1:101/5, \Sy, f 100 II.. W.D.Randall Imp. Ill Used-Afflnitv
K'VZ MI 9***T—- 109 1:08 r-V% » 105 F. . i W. L. sianneld.. . . Cnesapcike-Sunsblne
}fJ2 :, » *«"* 109 1:10 5i',f 108 H.. Antrim stable Apache-Emma Lontfleld
Hii?,^' 0 --" 2 5 1:1 °. 5 V* f » F*. J. Uanltjr Urnmble- Lady Lou
m2? D « c . h 8^ 93 ; 1:01% 51 91 F. -: JO. Jyumpbrey.... Ed CarriKan-Cl.anotte
iJ?» * so ad » In Ipj 1:08% f 96 F. . W.O.Jameson Imp. Greenback-Half Sister
KSf ii p|lft k 107 } : n? V * 6 f 13 ' Fa K. O. OrUBa ■ Ironwood-Jennle Mack
119. Monarch 1 110 l:Qiy 4 | 5 f 105 F. . Olorlndell Irondad-by Bayswater
THIRD RACE— Half a mile; selling; two-year-olds.
— ~— ■ ] Best - ; " - -
Index.! Name. Lbs! record. Dlst. Lbs'Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
MiSSi How * rt 8 *""" iS? : ?o ?' 110 5" J. H. Shields limp Whistle Jaeket-Zellca
( «' )unb °^ 107 :49 %m 101 F.. Lone .table Imp. Loyalist-Spray
liSS 'TPhJ Sf""- 1 22 noreC P. Archibald Imp. Idallum-Annte Lewi.
B-9 nr m «? in« nor * c W - r '*"P •"•••• Rathbone-M Us Melbourne
llfiB h«, ,?f 1HS nOreC • ••• Martin* M'Connell El Rio Rev-Florence A
1198 Horatio 103norec - •" •"• — • Bohemian stable. . Imp. Mldlothian-Uirllne
, nU T?v: 103norec • J. Robbins King Thomas
••• Lady HeloUe... 107 norec L. Vanina I?"n All-Lady Mlddleton
JV;I ! T >° rped ° X i2 !B0 V* m 102 F. . M. J.Kelly ...:;! ""ine-lm^Wlda
11B8 IDestra | 98 uo rec Pueblo stable. , Flambeau-Hallie O
TOCBTU RACE— One mile; handicap.
Z I Beat ; T I ■ — :
jlBdex. Hams. Lbs Record Dlst. I Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedlcrea.
1171 ll«kRlch.iiw- 1?» VST" 1^ j?i IT ?%^«>od stock frn^ Imp. Bratus-Inatall.tlon
fll98> StflS 1O& i& S Jon p a- « fi°»?"- Im £ Great Tom-Envenom
(1156 )|Cabrillo 118; 1 :48V 4 ; U-76 m|108 g.. R. Van Brunt:::;:; ["t.Tv.our ip LI. Hampton
FIfTH RACE— furlongs: selling.
I Best !
Index- Name. Lbs record. Pl.t LbaJTk. Owner. [ Pedigree.
il£ Kat.fo'o ! 107 nfr^ 5f " 98 | P ~ ■ W'^nj Stewart.^ F^ood-imp. Bridget ~
H EffiilE B iMHSBE ::::: ilF^riSn
ii B^lg: .; ■ Fa: j*»™&raiKKi I K mp S K°y n^Dr.y-°Ext?act
120° Si i kg fi ES 5" - Sii i:ed Iron-by Oregon Charlie
1194 Belle of Ktonewl ; 109 1:18 or : 100 H.. Mrs. Anderson s^iS?hrifrM?« Nailer
1*M Arl!o OfSIOneWl ;lS?:\ : .O 8 -V 6 , f }J>V H. N.agarasS.:.::: Sn^Mta Nailer
1100 ihreeFork..... 106 l:liy 2 5^, f 126 H..' F. Farrar. .^.V.-;;;; s,^ k an3rr1fle '
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling. ~~ \ '.
i Best I '■ " : ' "I :
I"""- Name. Lbs record. Digu Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree-
1205 Walter J. ....... 103 l:S0i/4 7f 110 U.. F. McDermott f m « <r~— n i»y, .rnii.
(1184) ReydelBandids 106 l:-.'9^ 7t 96 K. Lone stibff n?% Ir% T f£l ?k£ llnwr
(1J99) CoinraisMon.... Ill 1:15V 4 6f 111 F.. White & Clarke! " i Bnwn-Bm. coiner
\X te^ 7 """ 107 11*^ S," 1O.1 S- '•f;Hn™p"«k.;- Ma^Ban-^orDnck
l»!S &::::::::: ft? i it£2! 5 iSS,£- S tt F 0 J. n P a i able - $ft#' J K£*S3? r '
j 12U5 Gov.rnorBudd. 100 1:157* 6f 98 F. Woodlawn sia"bie" X-wnitiSr * o^ • .
(1191) Myrtle H........ 90 l:0'JV 4 5 f 94 F .. c. W. ChappeU ' To^S-Lidv I^lnster "
1207 O»kley..........jl07 1:41% 1 m 98 F.. F.Phmip.^'!;;;:; Zlf%%&t™?jSS£* ■
SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling. .' • ~~ ~" " J ~~~_ 7"
' ] : ~~: ] Best '■ i " ■ ... : : — : — ': •
Index. ! Name.' - Lbs record; Dlsu ! Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
(1058) Hyman. ....:... 1131:101/, *5ViT 113 FaT ••'. Wilson.... HimvHi-Maegie B
120a America 99 , n. J. Toblc " uHFTZT i™ r
ii iii! if iitei^Bi
i K-lI s ] M Viz a P «&* issBSi^
1195 'Mfver state 111 1 : 09% filf' 1?2 F* w* T?* D(lal1 Child of the Mist-Erin Go B.
1209 M Air " 10* 1 : 12 »«t «2 p" w n U T^°J I J p9011 -— Ip. Cheviot-Bessie bhannon
■■■iloS A G r arVi D :::: 111 isi* im im k: F^ CBpps - ! FeUow (harm-SHl. Jlamptn
,;Si imp. hull. Ijiss. Ill 1.1NV* of 101 H.. iShabonn stable Fnllprton-raHtiuav
(118-;|My Sweetheart lU8|ltlb% 6 f ' Jill F... O. Mathews ........ Major Ban-Ubbertlfllbbet
oat In the lead with Crackajack to the
stretch began fading away, finally ending
up fifth at the end. Getting through on
the inside Last Chance, with 5 to 1 about
him in the books, passed the stand ridden
out, winner over Howard by a length.
TRACK AHD PADDOCK ITEM8.
One more steeplechase-rider has been
added to the blacklist. Swift was sus
pended by the judees yesterday for his
indifferent ride on Tom Clarke.
The beat proof that figures sometimes
lie was shown by reviewing one of the
numerous handicaps sold at the gate.
Among the starters in the first race whose
past performances did not entitle them to
figure a possible chance was Skalkaho.
The Montana horse finished a good second.
Mount Air was well played to win
the opening race, but the weather signals
displayed indicated that his wind would
be bad, ana sure enough be failed to get
inside the money.
The good information bureau reported
Road Warmer, the hrst choice for the last
race, a "dead one," and the judges warned
Butler to do his best in the saddle. The
horse showed his old-time speed until
nearing the stretch, where he began to
tire, and from that point on to the wire
ran as though a feast of broken glass, pet
rified doughnuts, home-made mince pies
arid Market-street cobble-stones had dis
arranged his digestive organs.
Peoples had the mount on Howara yes
terday in place of Espinosa and the geld
ing was well Sacked. The former lad
worked a marked improvement in the
horse's running and plainly the best horse
in the race was betiten through a still
better ride Martin put up on Last Unance.
It looked liKe old times to see Nick
Hall's colorb finish in front once more in
a steeplechase. Nick has haa a run of
hard.luck during the last f*-w months, and
Arundel's win was a popular one.
When next the fine rare mare Olive ap
pears in public she will si>ort the colors of
A. B. Spreckeis, the president of tne Pa
cilic Coast Jockey Club having purchased
her from Edward Corrig:in yesterday.
Olive is a dam bay mare, 4, by Apache,
dam Virgie, and during the long Ingleside
meeting was one of the most consistent
performers that faced the starter, placing
many purses to the credit of the Haw
thorne magnate.
During the closing meeting at Ingleside
track J. \V. Wilson of Sacramento will offi
ciate in the stand as presiding judge. Mr.
Wilson is no novice in turf matters, hav
ing acted in the same capacity at the State
Fair held in Sacramento, where his rulings
were regarded as just and impartial.
The two-mile Ullman steeplechase to be
decided at the coming Ingleside meeting
will be run on Saturday, May 30. The
value of the stake is $1800.
Judge McKenni Heard the LMt Argu
ment Yesterday.
The case of the Southern Pacific Rail
way Company rs. the Railroad Commis
sioners, to restrain the latter from reduc
ing certain freight rates, was Drought to a
close by the argument of Judge Garber
yesterday.
Judge McKenna paid a high compli
i ment to the attorneys engaged in the
trial of the long-drawn-out case, saying
that their arguments had been clear and
logical and that in the presentation of the
case great care had been shown as to de
tail. He said he would render a decision
as soon as he had given the legal points
presented the consideration and study
necessary to a thorough digestion of the
case.
•— ♦ — ■»
Osmund G. Njilson, 1122 Yorit street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Low's court yesterday
for the arrest of Park Policeman James Dow
on the charge of threats to kill. Neiison said
that Dow's wife wanted to ge; a divorce from
him and he had agreed to supply her with the
nt'C'«SHry funds. They m«.-t on Monday at
Dow's house on Hayes street, and after some
angry words had ]>as i i between them Dow
pulled out hi 1 - revolver and threatened to blow
Keilson's brains out.
Final Action Taken by
the Transcontinental
Association.
IN DREAD OF SCALPERS.
Street Precautions Taken to
Prevent Their Handling
Tickets.
THE LOCAL WAR CONSIDERED.
Chairman Caldwell Appoints a Com
mittee to Adjust the Existing
Differences.
Half-rates to all the great National con
ventions have been decided upon by the
Transcontinental Passenger Association.
The question had been under discussion
every day during the six days' continuous
suasion of the association.
It was not the matter of rates that
troubled the members of the association,
but their ingenuity was taxed as to how
the public could be accommodated with
low rates and yet Keep the ticket-scalpers
from doing a profitable business in con
vention tickets. An elaborate system was
finally devised and thus submitted to all
the roads interested, but it was not until
yesterday that the last vote was recorded
in favor of the resolution providing for the
half-rates. The round-trip fares as adopted
from San Francisco and common points,
are as follows:
To the National Prohibition Convention,
which is to convene May 27 at Pittsbure
$86 50. 6i
To the National Republican Convention,
which is to meet June 16 at St. Louis
$t>7 50.
To the Democratic National Conven
tion, which is to meet July 7 at Chicago
$72 50.
To the National Convention of the
Young People's Societies of Christian En
deavor, which is to open its session at
Washington, D. C, on July 7 and to con
tinue until the 13th, $94 50.
To the annual meeting of the Baptist
Young People's Union of America, which
ie to open at Milwaukee on July 16 and
continue until the 19th, $74 50.
To the National Convention of the Re
publican League, which is to meet at Mil
waukee on August 2G, $74 50.
To the National Encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic, which is to
meet at Minneapolis on September 1 and
to continue until September 4, $67 90.
Among the principal precautions taken
against the danger of "scalping" is the
limitation of the sale of tickets to two
days and a thorough identification of th<
purchaser.
As stated yesterday wonld be the case
Chairman Caldwell brought up the matter
of the rate war between the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Company and the
Southern Pacific Company and its effect
on transcontinental business.
It was shown th:it the action of the Ore
gon Railway and Navigation Company in
giving notice that it would use the war
rate between Lere and Portland as a basing
rate for all business east via Portland
would have a demoralizing effect on all
transcontinental business, and Mr. Cald
well appointed General Passenger Agent
T. H. Goodman of the Southern Pacific
Company and Genera' Passenger Agent
\V. H. Hurlburt a committee of two to ar
range for the settlement of the differences
between their respective companies, with
a view to the restoration of old rates be
tween here and Portland, and the conse
quent removal of the present danger to
transcontinental rates in general.
Pending the negotiations between the
two warring roada rates via Ogden will not
be disturbed.
Tiiis concluded the business of the asso
ciation for this session and adjournment
was taken sine die.
Paid Off Yesterday and Made the Po
trero Lively.
Yesterday afternoon was one of the
liveliest seen about the Potrero for a num
ber of years. All this came about by rea
son of the crew of the Oregon having been
paid off.
The boys felt so good at the record made
by thequernof battle-ships that each cred
ited himself with the vessel's success and as
■ result when emerging " 'tween decks" to
the open air with money in his pocket the
blue hills of the Potrero were made to echo
with praise for the vessel's record.
The bounty, however, earned by -.the
splendid record made has not been yet
given to the men who did so much* to
achieve that honor. The eighty men will
average about $115 each, but "it will be
some time before the allowance is made.
Uncle Sam will have some figuring to do
and some red tape to spin before the bonus
reaches the hands of those who are enti
tled to share it.
A large and intelligent au<lience gathered in
the assembly hall of California College on
Monday evening of this week to listen to the
exercises of the graduating class of the musical
department. Four young ladies gave very
creditable renderings on the piano of choice
selections from the old masters and received
their diplomas from the hands of Dr. Morse,
president of the college. Their names were:
Miss Leilea Reider of Sacramento, Miss Flor
ence Dam, Miss Agatha Dunning and Miss
l£dith Pwnln of Sacramento.McGlynn Cannot Be a Can
didate for the High
Office.
FATHER YORKE SPEAKS.
Advises As to the Course of
the Young Men's Insti
tute.
SPLENDID BALLROOM SCENE.
Parade of Delegates, High Mass and
a Busy First Session Features
of the Day.
HAYWARPS. Cat.., May lP.-The first
preat day of the Grand Council of the
Young Men's Institute ia ended, but all
the delegates and the members of the Jocal
council are still assembled, not, however,
in secret session. A beautifully decorated
ballroom, thronged with over 200 couples,
is the scene of animation, ana the beauty
of the vrhole surrounding country adds
charm to an occasion made memorable by
excellent music ana a perfect floor.
There was a surprise mingled with dis
appointment in to-day's convention.
Frank McGlynn of San Francisco, who
alone had been talked of as the next grand
president, announced to his fellow-mem
bers that he could not be a candidate, as
fc« might very soon be compelled to go
L.\: fur several years. This leaves a big
pap, a:.d so far Edward I. Sheehan of San
Francisco is the only one mentioned to
fill it.
Gilroy, Salinas and Los Angeles have
sent teieerams offering to entertain the
next Grand Council, and Santa Rosa and
Modesto are also after the coveted prize.
The grand inarch, which began at 9
o'clock last evening, was led by Grand
President John Lynch and Mrs. Lynch.
Tbe ball committee, to whom the success
of the affair is largely due, 19 J. J. Hooson,
W. Zaubnsky, R. Lewis, T. Lewis ana R.
Ligore.
By 10 o'clock in the morning the parade
of delegates and members of the local
council was formed in regular order of
march. .From the Native Sons' Hall the
procession, headed by the Oakland band
of sixteen pieces, moved through the prin
cipal streets, passing and repassing under
t;ie grand arch, ana eventually arriving at
the church, situated on a smail cypress
covered eminence at the eastern edge of
the town. There were about 250 men in
the march, and every one wore conspicu
upon his bosoru a big badge of the
convention.
The church, already filled with early
arrivals, was soon overcrowded, and fully
a hundred persons lingered about the door
nnable to gain an entrance.
The delegates had seat* in front. The
church from pillar to altar, beautifully
decorated with pepper bows, ivy, j>aim
leaves and flower-, probably never before
witnessed such a concourse. Seated near
the altar were seven priests— Father Alfred
Santos, Rev. J. JicEvqy, of Kan Leandro;
Rev. Father Yorke of San Francisco. Rev.
Father Slattery of Napa, Hev. Father
Governo of Centerville, Rev. Father White
of Sonoma and Rev. R. il. WeBtress of
Jlonterey.
High mass was performed by Rev.
McEvoy, pastor of the parish, while his
assistant, Rev. Santos, sang the ma^.-.
There was no lack of good music. The
well-known Valerga family, composing in
themselves a complete choir, did the sing
ing, and Richardson's Orchestra furnished
the instrumental music.
But the particular feature of the whole
programme within the sacred edifice wa3
the address to the members of the Young
>lens Institute by the Rev. Peter C.
Yorke, Chancellor of the dioceee. During
bis speech he said:
My brethren of the Y. M. I., you are gathered
here to-day to celebrate the holy mass before
proceeding with the annual Grand Council of
the order, as our fathers before us have done
for many generations, and to abk the blessing
of God upou your deliberations.
It is hard, upon an occasion like this, where
one is confronted with such a view of the con
ditions which surround us, not to look at the
future before the country and the Cathlic
church. It is harder not 10 De able to pierce
the veil of the future and see what God has in
store for this, the only ecclesiastical body
which can supply all the needs of his people.
My bretbreuof the Young Men's Institute, I
Chine to speak to you as to the part you
Ehouid plav in a great work and furnish you
with food for deliberation in your council, not
at a delegate, not as a fellow-citizen, not even
as a brother, but as a priest of God, one hav
ing the authority to spesk end as a servant of
Almighty God. If he should unnerve your arms
t j. Is great all-powerful God knows ho'v to raise
up other men to do his work. It is without
doubt the mission of the Catholic church to
make this country Catholic. When we cOn
suier what a small handful of the faithful there
are in in ibis great country this assertion may
seem preposterous, but God 6ent his church
and the noly apostles into the world with
specific instructions to preach the gospel to
t... nations, and hi* commands must be obeyea. I
A Catholic church meansa uuiversal church.
No church which is cooped up within the lim
its of a narrow creed, confined to a race or in
&: y way limited by caste or membership can
be catholic
More especially is it true that the Catholic
church must make converts of all the people,
irrespective of race, color, condition or envi
ronment.
Man needs a truth to satisfy the questionings
of his Intellect, and since none of the other
sects profess to teach the soundness of their
dovtrmes the natural tendency is to turn to
none church, which does do so.
To-day all of the sects outside the bounds of
Catholicity are split up into hundreds of bat
mng divisions, and the natural result of their
disunion is the diminution of all. Of the
O.i imhj.OOO people in this glorious country no:
•-O.(HH),OOO. less than one-third, belong to anr
denomination. Think of it. my brethren!
And of these half belonged to the old Catholic
church- I tell you now. Protestantism is near-
: V gl !^l ! Whlitls to take it* place ? There
should be no two answers totunt question in
the mind of any one of you. No matter how
men may mouth about 'the increase of infi
delism in this country the American people
are at the bottom of their hearts a religious
■ But they must get at the truth, «nd
aitnough tied down by the chain of prejudice
and misunderstanding now they will not be so
very long, for as sure as a man "s-eeks the light
of God in hie justice he will .-how it to him.
The reason why we are so maligned and
traduced by our enemies at present is that
they know nothing about Of, for we are a
people apart and do not discuss our religious
beliefs and cherished form of wor.-hip. When,
however, we are able to show them the church
as she is, when we explain our doctrines, when
•W them that we can furnish the soul's
desire, a balm fur every sorrow, a solace for
every grief and a relief for every pang, then
they will recognize the truth.
God knows we have lived among them and
been here long enough for them to know us as
we are; but their education, like their history,
nas been a prolonged conspiracy against us.
From their earliest youth they* nave been
inoculated with slanders about us. but could
they but be brought to see the king'* daughter
a* she reallv is they and their children would
Eiadly come and worship at her feet.
You know how often the opportunities oc
cur for you to explain the doctrines of Cath
olicity, for in your daily life you are con
stantly meeting men who, while seeking to
Mae it from their fellow men, are panting
with thirst and longing for a draught from the
books of truth. Every day the gates are
thrown wide open for such opportunities.
Especially is it necessary for organized bodit*
of Catholics to use their best endeavor in this
regard. You are no", here for the mere pur
pose of parades, electing officers and having a
good time.
It Is said that yours is a political organiza- i
tion formed for the purpose of carrying out j
the intrigues of a religious body that fears to
show its hand openly. It is not!
In conclusion he admonished the young
men of the Catholic church, particularly
those of the Young Hen's Institute, to
exert their influence toward evangelizing
I the country, toward bringing more per
sons into the fold of the Catholic church.
After the services ti:e delegates again
formed in line and marched back to the
hall, -where they broke ranks preparatory
to scattering for luncheon.
At 2 o'clock the convention proper was
formally opened in the secret session hail
within the Native Sons' building.
Grand President Lynch called the meet
! ing to order, and Mayor John Hoar of
Hay wards was introduced that he might
welcome the delegates and extend to them
| a cordial invitation to make themselves at
I home during their May.
The presiding officer then announced
the following committees, the first named
of each being the chairman:
On credentials — Gorman of Sacramento,
J. B. McGinnis of San Francisco. J. C. O'Don
nell of San Francisco, A. R. Denike of San Jose,
Rev. W. I). MeKinnon of Rio Vista.
On finance — R. J. Dowdall of San Francisco, ,
J. J. McLaughlin of San Francisco, Henry
A viia of Fresno, John O'Donnell of San Fran
cifco.
On press— J. C. O'Donnell of Ban Francisco,
F. P. Hooson of Haywards, £. I. Sheehan of
tan Francisco, W. I. Harrold of San Francisco,
•R. J. Dowdall of San Francisco.
• On mileage— K. O'Keefe of San Francisco,
J. F. Eagan of Santa Cruz, W. T. Aggler of San
Jose, J. H. rinkham of San Francisco and John
O'Donnell. the grand treasurer.
On law and supervision— A. F. St. Sure of
I Council 24, T. B. MeGinnis of San Francisco,
j J. C. Gorman 01 Sacramento, E. J. Gallagher of
I San Francisco, John T. Ryan of Vallejo.
On state of order— I. B. Bockweiler of Los
| Angeles, J. H. Morris of San Francisco, F. J.
Driscoll of San Francisco, A. M. McCabe of Ban
Jose, J. J. O'Brien of San Francisco.
R. A. Miller was also appointed an assistant
to the grand secretary during the convention.
With the sending of the report from the
committee on credentials the convention j
was ready to go ahead.
The following is a list of delegates:
No. 1, San Francisco— E. L. Eheehan, S. R.
O'Keefe.
No. 2, San Jose— T. Aggeler, A. M. Mc-
Cabe.
N. 3, San Francisco— Rer. C. E. O'Keile, K.
Shepston.
No. 4, San Francisco— John J. Green, John J.
SlcLaugblin.
No. 5, Stockton— John T. Doyle, John II.
i Smith.
No. 6, Oakland— R. H. Hammond, John J.
Kennedy. 1
No. 7, Francisco— James E. Britt, Wil
liam I. Harold.
No. 8, Oakland— D. McCarthy, Fred Realy.
No. 9. Petatuma— E. Counihan, J. F. Burns
No. 10, San Rafael— James F. Mannev, Charles
McNeil. .
No. 11, Sacramento— Longshore Jr., C.
T. Hughes.
No. 12, Santa Matthew Marciel, T. J.
Esgan.
No. 13, Vallejo— Frank H. Lee, E. V. Wil
liams,
No. 14. Los Angeles— I. B. Dockweiler.
No. Hi, Benicia— William Boyle, P. J.
Carolan. - ,••. ,~ r: ■»
No. 21. Napa— Rev. M. D. Slattery.
No. 23, San Diego— W. J. Sullivan.
No. 24— F. St. Sure.
No. 25, Martinez— D. Carrigan, J. H. Fitz
gerald.
No. 27, Sacramento— II. C. Caragher.
No. 31, East Oakland— J. T. Carey.
No. 34, San Francisco— F. J. Driscoll, T. P
O'Brien.
No. 35, San Francisco— Hugh J. MeGinnis.
No. 41, Virginia, — George D. Pyne, J.
Farrell.
No. 42, Watsonville— T. J. Horgan, E.Thomp
son.
No. 43, Menlo Park — P. Prlncevulle, J.
Heany.
, No. 44, Gilroy —Thomas Maloney, J. II.
Bruen.
No. 45, Bonoma— Rev. M. J. Whyte, Joseph
Kearny.
No. 46, San Luis Oblspo— J. McHenry, L. F.
Dorsey.
No. 47, Livermore— M. G. Callaghan, John
T wohey.
No. 55, San Francisco— Dr. T. li. Morris.
No. r>i>. San Francisco— Rev. P. c. Yorke,
Charles McCarthy.
No, <U. CastrovlUt— John Whalen.
No. tU, Fresno— He*ry Avii», James Gal
lagher.
No. U7. Eureka— Archie Canepa, L. E. Mahan.
No. 72, Sun Francisco — J. H. Pinkham,
Thomas J. Doyle.
Ko. 74. ban Francisco— John Reidy.
No. M>, Carson City— J. Deiguan, Rev P J
Clyne.
No. 86, Port Costa— James Ahem, John J
Tobin.
Ko. 8«. Salinas-J. H. Riler.
9a 91, *«n Leandro— William L. Gill
No. 94, Ferndale— John W. Early.
No. 115, Hay-wards— r. B. Hooson.
No. 125, Cei«terville— J. T. Coffanev M J
Souza.
No. 1'29. San Francisco— Rev. P. E. Mulligan
R. J.Dowdall. '
No. 153, Medera— J. M. Griflki, Robert
Butler.
No. :»04, Monterey— Rev. R. M. Mestress
No. ;«>s, -Mnta Kosa— J. Brophy, John Plover
No. 31O, Octan View— J. H. Maloney F A*
Smlivaa.
i<'irst came tbe repoits of grand officers.
President Lynch referred to the revival
that he had inaugurated in San Francisco
I after assuming ottice last vSeptember.and In
! which he had been ably assisted by Frank
i McGiynn. Then reviewing the encourag
ing growth and the enthusiasm of the or
der in &an Francisco especially and else
where , he concluded with some sugges
tions. He wouiu have initiated solid prac
tical Catholics, not thc^e lukewarm in tiie
Catboiic religion. The subordinate councils
should be fearless and open in practicing
their beloved religion ard should attend
Holy Communion in a body, at least once
a year, as an example to others. Every
council should have its quarters for amuse
ment and for a library. And, lastly, he
would have a fund set aside for the uVe of
tbe grand present, so that he might
make more extensive visits to the councils
and take some worthy enthusiast along.
He censured such councils that have ig
nored the Y. M. L'a expressed wish that
they sh >uld not participate in picnics on
Decoration day. *
In conclusion he said: 'In finally re
tiring from my present position in the
order, I fee; that the Y. M. I. is just enter-
ing upon its real advancement among the
fraternal orders <>f ihe world. Be fearless
and unfaltering in year devotion to the
motto emblazoned on its banner — Tro
Deo et Fro 1'atria' (for God and for coun
try)."
Grand Secretary (jeorce A. Stanley's re
port embodying in the main the essential
part of t lie treasurer's report, mentioned
the fact' that there had been an encourag
ing increase in the order considering the
continued hard time?. About 125 new
members had been initiated since last Sep
tember, when the last Grand Council as
sembled. The increase of funds in the
treasuries of subordinate council! reaches,
he said, a figure 50 per cent over the in
crease shown in the last report, despite the
fact that the term is bii mouths instead of
a year. Four new subordinate councils
have been organized since September-
San Mateo, Santa Rosa. Ocean View and
Walla Walla. In the old Pacific jurisdic
tion there is the following membership bv
State*: California, 3995; Nevada, 10'*-
Oregon, 177; Washington, 536; Montana'
78; British Columbia, 384. The main
facts are :
Councils
C. C.
N iMnbcr of members at lnnt r»>port 4045 11P8 f>'»'i:<
Number of monbtn Initialed 642 27a 814
.NiimluT Of mrniliiTH iiilmilti-d u/ ciiril 128 6 HO
V ii in tior of mi tnlicrs rfliiNln.'fil 8 2ft
Number of members nuspendw) -'-'■> ltt7 410
NimijiiT of BiimiitN t \i"iicii ft a 7
NiiiiiIiiT Of nifiiilnTH rcM^iuMl i!2 II !!4
NuiiiliiT of intMii lit-rs (riiiiHrcri'Cil or withdrawn JtJH 100 203
NiiiiiIht of nn-nilit'iH tflCd 21 B 21
.NiiiiiIht or moiiilii-rn on lull Mnn-h 31, 1890 4(167 117ft 52811
dumber admitted 570 -J79 849
Number dropped 44U ao-i 744
Q«ln ISfl
AmODRl In trcusurv l«Ht rt'i>urt *•„•(!, M)!i 74 !fl.4H))09 f'JH.Otl H8
Vniount of receipts 27,i:tH44 7,6ttit H4767U7
\ inoii i it t.i disiiiirHciin-iiia 96,470 74 7.4»a fiti BU.909 80
fiiioiim In in-H.i'<il< ■» Murcli ;tl, lS!»t( 118,1178 49 l,R700t» 'J9,H4!) fift
«'ul" l.tit>7 70 i;!iiU7 1.80-1 ti7
Amount piUd In elok beneflta 7,491! «i) 1,037 on «,52i>oo
Namner of uenben relieved 187 :<« "JTi;
.Miinl.i ion nun hfiiiluiul list .Murtii :<1, IHiUi 640 10U «49
members of '.; 4045 6243 fiKBl Jurisdiction. Jurisdiction.
members curd HO Initiated... of
107 8 2 5
34 12 or 7
VI 3 of '. ... or of
849 Number admitted 1800 Number roll
125 (lulu 741 301 drojipod
f'.>8,0-14 88 74 Amount
74 of
8,620 1,037 00 Hick
040 31, .Number 640 1800 uon-bem>llcial 270 relieved of
After a short speech by the veteran
priest of Alameda County* Father Kine.
nnd a rising vote of thank9 to Father
Yorke for his able address at the church,
the convention adjourned, to assemble in
the ballroom at 9 this evening, and to meet
for its second session to-morrow morning
at 9 o'clock.
First Setaion - of the Recently Created
Xorfhtcret Grand Council.
PORTLAND, Or., May 19.-The first
Northwest convention of the Young Men's
Institute opened here to-day, and will be
in session for two days. Tbe principal
business of the meeting is the election of
prand officers. Delegates from abroad
want the headquarters of the order estab
lished at facoma.
This convention of the Young Men's
Institute is the outcome of n decision made
by tbe Supreme Council, which convened
in Denver last February. Up to that time
there were only two Grand councils — At
lantic and Pacific. Now there are seven,
five ot which are apportioned to the At
lantic district and two to the Pacific.
The Point Lobos Club Is
Against the Check
System.
A STRONG RESOLUTION.
Supervisors Are Encouraged to
Make a Stout Opposi
tion.
MEETING OF FEDERATED CLUBS
A Movement on Foot to Have the
Unused Ra is en Point Lobes
Avenue Removed.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club
held a special meeting last night in Crosth
waite's Hall on Fifth avenue.
The new franchise asked for by the
Geary, Park aud Ocean Company was
fullv discussed and much enthusiasm waa
manifest.
The following resolutions were adopted
by unanimous vote:
Retolvtd, That the Toint Lobos Improvement
Club extend a vote of thanks to the Honorable
Joseph I. Diamond for his action in introduc
ing in the Board of Supervisors on May 18 a
resolution against the ruling of the Market
etreet system requiring checks for transfers, in
behalf of the people of the Richmond district,
and belt further
Jiesolrcd, That we extend onr thants to Su
pervisors King. H:rsch and Wagner for their
support "f Supervisor Dimond's resolution,
and further be it
Jnolwtf. lhat the delegates of this club to
the Federation of Improvement clubs to meet
on the 2<>tn call the attention of said federa
tion to the action of the Market-street Com
pany.
Tbe following committee of five was ap
pointed to meet with the joint federation
of clubs in B'nai Britb Hall to-night:
George R. Fletcher, B. M. Wood, W. P.
Johnson, Luke Battles. F. T. Newbery.
K. L. O'Connor was elected to represent
Mr. Battles in case the latter's present in
disposition prevented bis attendance.
R. 1L Wood, Luke battles and G. R.
Fletcher were appointed a committee to
investigate and protest against the Mar
ket-street Railway Company's unused
rails on Toint Lobos, First and Seventh
avenues.
Tbe club will be much in evidence at
the meeting of the Federated Clubs to
night.
All Violators of the Edict Are
to Be Punishable by
Fines.
One of the Organizations Withdraws
From the San Francisco Trades
Council.
A special meetinpof the Building Trades
Council was held last evening and by reso
lution it was decided to place a boycott
upon the Parrott building and the Em
porium department store therein.
In order to make the ooycctt effectual it
was further decided to impose a fine of
$5 upon every member of the affiliated
unions who purchases or does business or
wbos* family purchases in the boycotted
building.
This action on the part of the council
was caused by the managers ol the Parrott
estate and those in charge of the construc
tion of the building letting another con
tract to Charles H. Bru«chke, a contractor,
who is a bitter enemy of the unions.
It was thought a month or two aso that
all difficulties between the unions and the
Parrott people had been straightened out
by a promise on the part of the latter
which led the union men to believe that
no further contracts would be let to
Bruschke.
Jt was upon that understanding that the
workmen who were then out on a strike
against the building were allowed to
resume work. Recently tne council dis
covered that Bruscbke had finished the
work he had then in hand and that other
contracts to perform certain work in the
basement baa been let to him, which of
course be is fulfilling with his non-union
men. This caused the trades union
people to become very angry, and after
another attempt Mas made to unionize the
job it was decided to boycott the whole
institution irom basement to roof and
every one connected with the building.
The council expects the support of all
traces unions.
The managers of the Emporium em
phatically deny that they have had any
thing to do with tbe construction of the
Parrott building or the store or apart
ments that they are to occupy. They feel
that they are not being fairly treated in
this matter in being held responsible for
what they cannot control or iniluence.
The council took up another matter of
no small importance. It seems that the
Chicago Clothing-store, on Kearny street,
let a contract for painting the inte
rior of its store to Hannemann, the
painter of 427 Geary street, who runs a
non-union suop. Business Agent Mclvor
called upon tbe manager and explained
that no fctore employing non-union work
men need expect the patronage of mem
bers of the trades unions.
Last evening tbe store manager ap
peared before the council and explained
that Hannemann's painters were all union
men, and in substantiation presented an
affidavit, sworn to by the painters, to the
effect ihat they were union painters.
The painters' delegates to the council
asserted that the atlidavit was a rank piece
of perjury.
lo prove the iruth or falsity of the docu
ment a delegation from the council went
to the store, as the painters were obliged
to work at night, and confronted the
affidavit-makers. They were recognized
as non-union men, and in fact admitted
this to be the fact.
The clothing store people stated that
they will not employ any but union men,
and that they will not do anything to an
tagonize the laboring people.
Business Agent Mclvor reported that a
gang of P. N. K.U33 1 non-union painters
are at work on a job on Pine and Sansome
streets. He was ordered to strike the job
this morning and call out all of the union
men at work thereon.
It Withdraws Its Delegates From
the San Francisco Trades
Council.
Bakers' Union No. 24 ia anything but
pleased with the manner in which the San
Prancisco Trades Council conducts its
business. This dissatisfaction has exi sted
for some time past. At the meeting last
night it was decided to withdraw its dele
pates from that body, and Secretary O.
Grassmann did so in the following spicy
letter to the Trades Council.
To the Officers and Member* of the San Fraticirco
Labor Gentlemen: I hereby, under
instructions of its members, tender the resig
nation of Bakeri' Union No. 24, from the San
Francisco Labor Council. As delegate from '
my union to your body I frequently requested
that an efl'jrt should be made by you in the
way of organizing the bakers of this City, but
nothing was ever done by you. Indeed,
although our members called "a mass-meeting ■
under the auspices of the council, neither tne [
organizing committee of your body nor any
member of the council "itself cam© to our
assistance.
We were obliged to call on and only upon
the rood offices of strangers and outsiders, j
Taxing your constituency for our finances to
pay expenses of the hall and secretary, com
promising with employes, truckling with capi- ;
talists and bartering your labor leadership for
political offices in the gift of capitalist parties
and for places on their thieving party tickets
are not the virtues whi^h are calculated to
benefit labor; and we hereby signalize our dis
favor of such practices and our distrust of the
council.
Our union has paid ud to the 1st of June
next, and since we have formed a central body '
more in accord with our views and one more
calculated to benefit the workinpman. you
will please consider us as no longer a member
of the council. By order of Bakers' Union
>o. 24. Otto Grassman-x. secretary.
This union has selected delegates to the
Trades and Labor Alliance, the other or
ganization mentioned in the letter. On
Friday evening a special meeting will bo
held to select committees to arrange for
the bakers' annual picnic.
Woodworkers Protest Against the
Presidio Band— Labor Alliance
Active.
At the meeting of the Amalgamated
Woodworkers' Union last evening a reso
lution was passed condemning the mili
tary authorities for permitting the Pre
sidio band to play on such occasions as
wiil compete with musicians who earn a
living by their profession. This resolution
will be forwarded to the authorities at the
Presidio and probably to the War Depart
ment at Washington.
The organizing committee and several
special committees of the Trades and
Lahor Alliance are doing very active work
of late. At every meeting of the trades
unions committees are present to induce
the unions to send delegates to the alli
ance. Last nignt visits were made to the
Garment-worker! and Polishers and Var
nishers' unionB. From their reception the
committees expect that their efforts were
noi in vain. The alliance will meet to
morrow evening at 1159 Mission street.
Annual Exhibition of the School
of Design Held Last
Evening.
Secretary States That Improvements
Are to Ee Made in the Near
Future.
The annual exhibition of the California
School of Design was given last evening
at Hopkins Art Institute.
Owing to the illness of Horace G. Flatt,
the president, James D. Phelan presided
and made an appropriate introductory
spfech. The prizes were formally given
to the winners by President Martin Kel-
Iokc of the University of California.
Thp judsres of awards were E. M. Pissi-j,
Erne.-t C. C. Judson, Edward R.
Swain and Urnce Porter.
They reported that in their judgment
the Avery medal should be awarded to
Miss Marian Holden for best general ex
cellence in oil painting. Honorable men
tion was made of Miss Florence Lund
bo rg.
They recommended that the Alford
medal for the best general excellence in
drawing from ihe antique be awarded 10
H. M. Sickall.
Recommendation was made that the W.
E. Brown medal b<? awarded to Uannakiki
Kobayhashi for the best general excel
lence lor drawing frctm life. Honorable
mention was made of the namesofWi!
liam Wilkie, Kobert Aitkin, Miss Mary
Froelich and Miss M. F. Cragin.
They stated that in their belief Robert
Aitken should receive the first prize in
modeling and that M. P. 2\ei!son deserved
special mention.
Von Helms and Miss McGlashan were
named as deserving honorable mention in
perspective.
The report of Secretary Martin showed
tbe following condition of affairs:
The total number of names registered
for the lirst term was 120, with an average
daily attendance of seventy-six. For the
second term 13<i names were recorded, with
an average daily attendance of seventy
nine.
The receipt? for t!ie school year from
tuition fees, etc., hare been $5898 69,
against $4779 45 f jt the previous year. The
expenses have been: For salaries, $4183;
for model-, $lloS 25; for fuel, medals,
school exhibitions and other things,
$S67 32. This makes a deficit of $109 97.
The report stated that the work of the
students, as now displayed on the walls, is
of a higher standard than that shown at
any previous exhibition of the school.
Many contemplated improvements and
additions to the school, according to the
report, will be made in the near future,
including classes in architecture and even
ing classes in drawing from life and from
the antique. The exhibition will last till
Saturday evening.
The First Intimation of His Disappear-
■nee Came to Him from
••The Call."'
George Atkinson, the young ecclesiasti
cal siudont who left this City a few weeks
ago in a mysterious way, has been heard
from at last. He is now in Forest Grove,
Or., and in a letter to a friend here throws
some light on his peculiar action. From
his experiences, as told by himself, it
seems be mu«t have been laboring under a
temporary aberration of mind. He writes :
Forest Grove, Or.. May 14, 1896.
Dear Friend: Yours just received. Thanks
for your expressions of gladness that I am safe
and well. You ask about my experience and
how it all was. I wistt I could tell you more
about it. It all seemed so natural as it went
along that I never thought of anything being
unusual, and yet I cannot recall all that I
must have passed through.
I distinctly remember leaving the seminary
Tuesday afternoon and all I did for the earlier
hours, but all is a blank, both as to where I
went and what I did after point: down Broad
way to about Tenth street, until I found my
self on a steamer Thursday afternoon. I had
the stub of a ticket for Tacoma from Seattle)
in my poctet, and had my overcoat, both of
which I have no recollection of getting. I most
have gone btct to the seminary for the coat,
j but do not remember it, nor of buying the
1 ticket, though I had paid for my ticket, as my
! purse showed.
When I reached Tacoma 5t 6ecmed natural;
I did not worry any, as I thought you all knew
where I was. I passed the time reading and
; strolling about the town until Thursday morn
; ing, when I saw the item in Mondav's Call.
I That startled me considerably von" may b*
; sure. I went at once to Beanie! found my
: cousin, and explained things as best I could"
; He insisted on my telegraphing home at once,
I and then shipped me off after it. I started at
; onre, reacning here Friday ln-t. I am getting
• onlinely. and hope something will drive away
the "cobwebs" soon, so this miserable muddle
! will clear up, thou^l. as yet it is Mill dark. I
! can think of no reason strong enough to ac
j count lor it ail.
Give ruy iriends my best regards, aud thank
' them for tneir kind sympathy. Sincerely
t yours, George E."atki.npox.
P. S.— You may show this letter to any of my
j friends, ii you wish.
There Will Be a Unique Parade
in the City at the Hour
of Ten.
All Afternoon a B g Crowd Will Have
Great Fun at Shell Mound
Park.
This is "Butchers* day," and the festi
val which leading men in this calling have
labored so long in preparing will be tne
biggest day the butchers have known.
Butchers and their friends from many
towns about the bay will attend. A erand
and unique parade will start from Stock
ton and O'Farrell streets promptly at 10
a. m., led by Grand Marshal Henry Mil
ler, mounted on a Jiery steed wonderfully
caparisoned with a Mexican saddle and
trappings brilliant with silver.
In the parade -will be a small host of
butchers in carriages, on horseback and
afoot and thrre will be a lot of crack
vaqueros astride of tough steeds which
they will ride in the contests that will fol
low.
The crowd will eo to Shell Mound Park
and the adjoining Oakland Trotting Park,
where races, games, dancing and otner en
tertainments will shorten the afternoon
iiours. One will search a long time to find
a butcher-shop open to-day.
How a Young Man Imposed Cpon At-
: nni.y It. Thompson.
E. Thompson, the well known attorney
at 330 Pine street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Low's court yesterday for the ar
rest of Charles Cole alias Charles Blood, a
young man, on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses.
Attorney Thompson takes a leading in
terest in the Good Templars' Home for
Orphans at Vallejo, and about six weeks
ago Cole called upon him. He said he had
the custody and control of five miich cows
m San Jose, which he intended to donate
to the home, as he was a strong believer
in temperance and wished to show his in
terest in the cause by making the dona
tion.
The attorney wns delighted, and when
Cole asked him for a temporary loan of $5
he was only too wiliinc to oblige him.
Cole called upon the attorney two or three
times afterward making excuses for not
sending the cows and petting more money.
He ,.ot $21 altogether and then the attor
ney thought it would be well to make in
(juiry about the cows from other sources.
The result was that he learned that he bad
been imposed upon.
It Will Occupy a Kennel
at the Oakland Bench
Show.
Over Thiee Hundred Dcgs Will Go On
Exhibition at the Mills
Tabernacle.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 19.— There have
been dogs entered this time to VM last
year, when the first show was held here.
Already many of the prize animals from
other towns have arrived and are to be seen
about the streets with their owners. The
whole day to-morrow (Wednesday) will be
occupied in getting the animals in their
places. The public opening will occur in
the evening when society will be oat in
force.
The management announces that Gov
ernor and Mrs. James Budd will be pres
ent while their pet spaniel will be in one
of the kennels ready to take chances for a
prize along with doggies of more plebeian
ownership. The hall is being decorated,
for it is the idea of the managers that a
dog show should be a thing of beauty as
well as of noise.
This show will compare well with the
recent one held in San Francisco n-hen
there were 334 doss entered, only thirty
two more than here. Oakland is" consid
ered "a pood dog town," although 6he has
not so many crack animals or so many
dog enthu!-ia*ts a* the larger city. Oak
land sent sixty-five dogs to the San Fran
cisco show, and of those entered here about
one-half came from across the bay. Every
one of the Oakland exhibits in San Fran
cisco took a prize or honorable mention.
Cocker spaniels are the favorite dogs in
Oakland, and there are forty-four entries
of this class. There are two breeders here
of this class of dogs who get $_'5 apiece for
all of their pups. It is said they are com
mended as being equally valuable for hunt
ing purposes and household petting. There
will be a creditable representation of great
Danes. Fewfoundlands and St. Bernards.
L. Otis Fellow, a noted dog fancier of
>ew York, will be judge of the show.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 19.— Mis Tal
cott, a returned missionary from Japan,
w as tendered a reception to-night at thg
mission, 567 .Fifth street. Many of these
Japanese boys were converted under her
in far-off Japan, and, as one of them ex
presses it, "We think of her just like our
mother."
11BUMBIAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Torpentine declined.
tugar lower.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Wheat Freights quiet.
Barley weaker.
Oais, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Jl:ty »nd Feedstuffs as before.
beans very dull.
Potatoes and Unions weak.
Tomatoes and Rhubarb higher.
Batter and Eggs steady.
Cheese In large supply-
Two cars Eastern l'oultry in.
.Apricots arrived from Vacavllle.
Berries and Cherries steady.
Navel Oranges scarcer and firm.
Dried Fruit and Raisins in better shape.
Cottolene lower.
Hams, Bacon and l*rd unchanged.
Wool quiet. Hops demoralized.
Hogs rather firmer.
brain Bags very steady.
Coffee firm and active.
Explanation.
Ybe Arrow flies with th» wind. The top figures
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
4»ys: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, r.f melted sr.ow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connrc: points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hich" means liii:h barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appeal on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the mterioi
atul low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the ci'a<t. rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain so Jth of Oregon is improb
able. With a ••high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result-
WBATKKB Bl'REAC REPORT.
United states Dkpaistmknt op Agricut/
tl-ke, Wkathkh BrsEAC, San Fbancisco, May
19, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
1 he following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 10.77, last season 41.91; Ked Bluff 21.79.
last season 26.26: San Francisco 20.84, last sea
son 25.41; Fresno 8.16. last season 14.67; San
Luis Obispo 17.64, last season 25.93; Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.04; ban Diego 5.92, last sea
son 12.16; Vuma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations In California during
the past twenty-four hours: Kureka 56. Red Bluff
70. San Francisco 57, Fresno 72, San Luis Obispo
06. Los Angeles 88, San Diepo 64, Yunia 88.
.San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 46, mean 52.
An area of high pressure lies off the coast be
tween .San Luis Ofolspo and Fort Canby. The
pressure is highest at Kureka and Fort Cauby.
There has been a General rise In pressure during
the past twenty-four hours over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains. Over Utah the rise
amounts to two-tenths of an inch in twelve hours.
An area of low pressure is central over Arizona;
but even there the pressure is slightly above the
normal. M&lfei
The temperature luu risen over California, Ne
vada, Southern Oreson and Idaho. Over North
<as;ern California and Western Nevada the tem
perature has risen more than 8 degrees in the past
twenty-four hours. There lias been a slight fall
over Washington. The temperatures are still
from 3 to 15 degrees below the normal on the Pa
cific - ope.
Cloudy weather, but with very little rain, hag
prevailed. Rain has fallen in Northern Utah, and
it is now raining at Maker City and Spokane.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy weather
along the- coast, but without rain, Wednesday.
Fog is likely off the shore.
■ Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. .May 20, Ib96:
Northern California— Cloudy weather, possibly
very light rain in the extreme northwestern por
tion Wednesday morning: warmer in northern por
tion; fresh northwesterly winds.
Sonthern California — Fair Wednesday*, light
■westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather Wednesday.
. — Fair Wednesday; warmer.
• Arizona— Fair Wednesday; warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity— Somewhat cloudy;
warmer; light westerly winds, increasing In force
in the afternoon; light fog oft' the coast.
ALEIANDF.B G. MCADIK,
Local Forecast Oincial.
NEW YORK. MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 19. — Business at the
Stock Exchange was quiet again to-day. The
dealings amounted to only 116,500 shares. The
tone of the market at the opening was character
ized Dy firmness; the comparatively small exports
of gold and a belief that the recent sales of Ameri
can securities abroad will furnish sufficient ex
change to keep shipments of the metal within
moderate bounds, have contributed to the strength
of the market at this time. The improvement,
however, was confined to narrow limits, save in
the case of the .Rubber stocks, which gained iyg@
-Vz per cent on a statement submitted to the
stockholders at their annual meeting at New
Brunswick to-day.
Mr. Bannigan, who was said to be opposed to the
present management, stated at the meeting that
he was no. interested in a new company, as pub
lished some time ago, and that lie would support
and co-operate with the trust directors. 'lhis
also had a strengthening influence. The report
submitted was considered favorable. .Soon after
the opening Sugar and Manhattan weakened. The
former fell from 12*_'y 8 to 1-0 and the latter from
101-% to 100*4. Sugars weakness was due to the
price of refined, which has led to realizations by
brokers alleged to have inside connections. Man
hattan was again sold on unfavorable report for
the March quarter and on an unfounded statement
that its chief competitor had obtained control of
the Madison-avenue horsecar line.
Metropolitan traction on the other hand was In
request and advanced from !(J«] /4 to 108. Friends
of the stock say that the forthcoming 1 quarterly re
port will be favorable. Tobacco was bought on
early advices from the West that efforts were mak
ing to bring about a settlement of the rate war.
The railway list moved within a very narrow
radius and at the close showed declines of \i,(<i,\ 1/ 8
pet cent as com pared with yesterday's final's. The
loss in the industrials was equal to Vs to 1% per
cent outside of Tobacco and Rubber, which scored
pains of %@%.
Bonds were firm Intone. The sales footed up
? ]. 593,080. Northern Pacific second sixes rose
16-fe@l 15%: do consolidated fives, v 2 to 50; do
collateral trust sixes. 34 to 91 »4; -St. Paul South
west division sixes, 1 1 4 to 13 7, and Burlington and
Quincy consolidated sevens 5/ 8 to 1193/,,. . .
In governments bonds $60,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at Utf%. * °
Grain.
_FIX>UR— Dull, easy: Winter wheat, low grades,
*1 75@2 90: do fair to fancy, f 2 50ta3 65; do pal
ents, $3 7S@4: Minnesota clears. $'J5l!<&310- do
straits, $3<S)3 50; Co patents. $3 45@4 30- low
extras, $1 7 5 eg. a 90; city mllli, $4 10a4 20- do
patents, $4 S0@4 50: rye mixture, $2 "6003 SO
superfine, *9 <& M 25: fine, $1 75/Oi2 10. .South
ern flour, dull steady; common to fair extra, S2 30
fe^ 40; koocI to choice-. $ -' 90&3 20. **•«•«'.
dull, easy ; $U 40ia. - J 50.
<<J)1N MKaI.- Quiet, steady: vellow Western
RYE— Nominal: So. '2. 4ua>44i 1 c : State 46c.
BAKLEY— Quiet; ungraded Western. 39fgj41c
l>AK'.tY Mali -Qtii.t; Western. «7aft8e
WHEAT— Dull, firmer; t. o. b. 75c to arrive
ungraded red, 6S@76c: No. 1 Northern. 7(>V»c
Options O|.eii<-.i weak and declined Vi(g.*/«c on
easier cables, foreign selling weak West and local
realizing, rallied »'8<&-V2C on bullish crop news aD.1
local coverintt, closing lirm at Vic over yester
day, with a fairly active trade, July and Septem
ber .most active. No. 2 red, May. t%*Ac- June
683/ 8 c; July, 6814c: September, 68c: iiecember'
693±c. ... • .- - *
< uKX- Spot dull, firm. No. 2, 35Vie, elevator
36Vi<". afloat.
Options were dull and firm at %c advance, fol
lowing the West. September and >jay most active.
Way, :;.Hic: July. 3o^4c; September, 36%c. ,
11 ATS— Active, easier. .. . • <
Options dull, 1 firmer. May.24 Vic: . mixed West
ern. L5@26c; wbi.e do and white aia* j, U6@28c.
fEKii BKAN— ...
M JKDLI.N G«— 65@7OC.
HYE-leefl.Wc.
"'.!.. Provisions.
BEEF- Pull; family, $9@10: extra mess,
$7(6,8: beef hums dull, $14 60@15; Uerced beef ]
inactive: city extra India mess, $18(a:16; cut
meats slow, weak, unchanged; piclcled bellies, 1
pounds. 4 1 /ic; do shoulders, 4«4(g.4V2C; do bams,
9@9VsC.
LARD— Quiet, weak: %V estern steam, *4 85: city,
$4 25: May. *4 85. Befitted. slow continent $5 15;
>ou*b American. K> 50: compound, «Vg(aU 1^c.
i'ORK- Dull; old mess, $8 76@9 -"6; new mess,
$9 -25(a;9 75.
BUTTER— Large receipts: weak; state dairy.
SWlIic; do creamery. ll@15Vfec: Western dairy,
Tiallr; do creamery, ll@15c; do pats, 9@llc;
Kleins. 16<&15y 2 c.
ill KKsk— Moderate demand: stale large, old,
5@9 1 '2c; do new. 7*/i@8Vic: part skims, old,
3(2t4y 2 c; do. new, 2@5c; fun skims, 2V5?c
Kt i( ;s— l- airly active: State and Pennsylvania,
lie; Western tresh, 9@10V&c;do, per case, 9i 25®
I -if.
TALLOW— Quiet: weak: city, 3y 8 @3 3-16c;
country, Si/ 8 (g,'6 3-16c.
OOTTUKSKKD OIL— Dull, easy: erode, 21c;
yellow, prime. ~!>c; do off grades, 25c.
KOSIN-Mteady; strained, common to good,
$1 85@1 90.
TL'KPKNTINE-Quiet: 26i.4@23%c.
POTATOES— Choice fairly active.
KICK— Steady, lair demand: Domestic, fair to
extra, 3C<£S^ic: Japan, 4@4V4c.
MDLA8-KS— Kuir demand: firm; New Orleans
open Kettle, pood to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— Firm, 10 points up to 5 points down:
May, $12 90@12 95: June, $12 bCISil'2 60; July.
$12; August, .$11 50@il 60; September, :?ih.7
II 10; October, $10 75; December. $10 35(g>
10 45; March. $10 20. Spot Rio, firm, quiet; No.
7. 14y g (a>14Vic
siTOAJt— Haw, firm, more active: fair refining,
3Vic; centrifucal*. 96 test, 4c; refined, quiet;
011 A. 4 U-16<a.4%c: mold A. 6%c; standard
A, 51,4c; confectioners' A, 53/ 8 c; cut loaf. 5%c:
crushed. 57/ 8 c; powdered A, 6V 2 c; granulated,
614c; cubes, by^c
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FKUIT8—
ALMONDS— Nominal.
I NITS— Nominal.
APRICO1>— Bags, 8y 2 <ai0c.
PEACHES— Peeled, & 1b, lO®12o; do on
peeleo, f)(o.7c
PRUNES— Four'^lzes. 6c.
RAISINS— loose muscatel. 3c; three
crowu do, 4<&ii,ic; four-crowu do, 4%(jb5c; Lon
don layers do, 90c<&$1.
HOPS Quiet, easy; State common to choice,
"i : :iiSc: Pacific Coast. 2V s -@7c.
WOOL— Quiet: domesUc"lleece, 15@21c; pulled,
16@33c: Teias, 7ia,l'2c.
3Ierchandi«e>
PIG I Moderate demand; American,
flO 75a,13 50.
COPPER— steady: lake. $10 95@11 25.
LEAD— Steady; domestic. $3 05
TIN— Steady: straits. $13 55(0.13 60; plates,
moderately active.
bl-KLTi-K-Firm: domestic, 84 10@4 12%-
CI1ICAUO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lit.. May 19— The same air of dig-
couragement seen In the wheat market yesterday
was again present this morning. The bulls wpre
at u loss for an argument that would suit the case,
ami it was tactily agreed that something in the
way of an unexpected happening was necessary to
impart heaith to the tone. It was hoped that
Bradstreet's report might (five the necessary help,
but the trade had little faith in it. Liverpool de
clined i/jd In response to the loss of yesterday on
tliis side. Keceipu in ihe Northwest were 464 c ars
against 618 laat Tutsday ana Ih6 a yt-ar »«a
Chicago received twenty-three cars and inspected
out '29.000 bushels. Before noon prices recovered
the early loss through firmness resulting from
buying by "shorts." There was, however, no con
fidence In values exhibited.
Bradstreet's gave a decrease in the world's avail
able supply of 1.181,0 00 bushels, the smaJlness of
the reduction causing disappointment. Export
clearances were moderate at 261. nushels.
Continental cables were irregular. Paris were
5(al0 centimes higher for flour and 6 centimes
lower for wheat. Antwerp was unchanged and
Berlin unchanged to li marks lower. The official
report of the world's shipments for last week
placed the amount at 7,6O3,G'IH) bushels. During
ihe «asi hour prices Improved on talk of heavy ,-x
]>or;s at the seaboard. July wheat opened "from
(>;i s c to 61@61V»c, sold between 6i'*4c and
61WJ61 %c, dosing at 61<V»c,3 8 (g;i /2 c higher than
yesterday, Estimated receipts for to-morrow,
eleven cars.
i OKS- Prices were weighed down early by the
weakness and heaviness of wheat. The trade bore
no traces of activity, and the market was prac
tical a repetition of that of previous days. Busi
ness was confined to local scalpers and privilege
holders. Receipts were 406 cars, and 238,947
bushels were withdrawn from store. Liverpool
cables were quiet and steady. Prices rallied with
those of wheat later in the session. Bradstreet's
reported a decrease in stocks of 945.000 bushels.
Kxport clearances amounted to 255, bushels.
July corn opened at Jf*3*< {I . 4 .. > 9i£c, sold between
29%@29%c, closing at v;fli 2 (m^95' 8 c, a shade over
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow. 200
cars.
OATS— feature or Incident out of the ordi
nary everyday routine developed in oats. The
trade was not marked by any unusual activity,
the transactions of the day being of minor impor
tance. Receipt! were 329 cars and 1 9SH bush
els were taken from store. Export clearances
amounted to 176,337 bushels. £radstreet : re
ported a decrease in the available stocks of 160,
000 bushels. July oats cloaea unchanged from
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 150
cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 8S^c; July, 85Vic;
September, S7@.«7JUc. Receipts were 17 cars.
PROVISION ."s—The action in provisions was
slow and prices were as near stationary as it was
possible to be. The nog market was unchanged,
and its failure to fluctuate tended to steady pro
visions. July pork closed 7*V higher: July lard,
2U,<g;5c lower; July ribs, 2»^@5c lower.
BUTTER— A steady to firm feeling was noted
in the butter market to-day. Receipts were
liberal. Creameries — Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@
14Vic: seconds, ll@13c; imitations, fancy, lift)
lac Dairies-Extras. 13c; firsts. 10@llc; sec
onds. 9c asked. l>ad I es— Extras, 8@10c; firsts, 8®
b', c; packing stock, 7c asked.
EGOS— Were about steady with business dull.
Trade was entirely local. Receipts were moderate.
Fresh stock was quoted from 7y c to 9c 'f, dozen.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and 6®7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 80c premium.
Cloaing Prices.
WHEAT— May. 606^c; July, 61 %c;' September.
(52 V2C
LuKN-May. 28%c; July, 29Va@29%c; Septem
ber, 30% c.
OATS— May, m/ 8 July. 19V*@19s/ e; Septem
ber, 19^g@l 884 c.
PORK-July, *7 72Va: September, »7 87%.
LARD— July, $4 60: September, *4 76.
UIBS— July, $4 021/2; September, *4 17%-
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, III., May 19.-Offer
ings of cattle to-day were light. There was a good
demand and orices were steady at yesterday's de.
cline. The arrivals of hogs were moderate. The
demand was brisk and prices held firm. The run
of sheep was moderate. The demand was good
and prices were strong.
CATTLK - Receipts. 2500. Fane? beeves,
*4 25@4 30; choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. 84 05@>4 10: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds. S3 8034: medium steers 1000
to 1400 pounds. *3 65r<j>3 75 : common to lair steers
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 5i(a«J 60: choice leeder*
900 to 1170 pounds. 83 55ta.;', 90: common to choice
stocKers. 82 85(a,S 50: Dulls and stags, choice to
extra. 83 00&3 '26; bulls, poor to choice 82 GO®
'1 90: cows and heifers, extra.? 3 70@3 90; cows, fair
to choice, f2 40@3 65: cows, common to fair
$1 :.!)«,_' 35: calves, good to choice. $4 60
©5: calves, common to good. $351194 25- Texas
grass steers, 83 40i« 1: loxas fed steers. £2-75
(g»b 25: Texas cows and bulls. $2 25@3 25; milkers
ana springers, per head, $'2O@4O.
HOGS— Receipts. 18.000. Heaw packing ana
shipping lots, fa 25ftt3 47^: common to choice
mixed. S3 25(*3 60: choice assorted. *3 sow
8 55: light, *3 30&3 55; pigs. 82 50@3 50
SHEK1'— Receipts. 14,000. Interior to choice.
f2 50i&3 80; lambs, 83<&5.
KKW \01tK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Money on call easy at 2&2i£\': last loan at 2y a %;
and closing offered at 2i/a'- Prim? mercantile
paper, 6®5Va%. Bar silver, «j7^sc. Mexican dollars.
5»i^c. t>:*rlin« exchange steady, with actual
husiuem In hamcerV Bills at *i b7V«<a4 87 */*. for
sixty aayi and *4 88V4@4 883/i for demanO. i'ogtea
rat»«, »■» 88©4 89i/ 2 . Commercial bills, f 1 8t<3/i
@4 87. Government bonds quiet; State bonoa
neglected: railroad bonds firm. 1 Stiver at the
board was quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel <k Cable — .t'l \ono.k<fc Wet.. y±
Atehlson- 1 4% Preferred... "^ 8
Preferred Sx4t Northern Paclflo.. w,
ACainH express.. .117 i . Preferred. . Hbm
AUon.TerreHaute. 65 '\ western IO41';;
American Express 1 14 * j ; Preferred. * 148 ""
American Tobacco. 658/4 N. Y. Central 9u.i;
Preferred 9« IN . Y. Chlcago<&3.£ 13
liny hiaieUaa '^OVi 1st preferred..... 76
Baltimore « Ohio.. lOtiVz! id Preferred..... 32
1 riiiis-.virK lianas.. 6/& S. Y. & N. H ;.^.A73
Buffalo, Jioch&f. ti'j N. Y.«&Kew Rag 45
I «DP.aa Paclne. ... to - ;K. "V. buiQ dc W.»* - ■ 8iy(.
l asada KoutUero.. 49*4; Preferred „ 2414
Centoa JLau'l..' _ 607/ 8 Ontario. ■ 13
I mt.ru Paclflo. ..i lli.4|Ontarloft Westers. 1;:,
tbes-<& Ohio....... 2 Oregon lmproymt. 1
Chicago Alton 157' , Preferred. —
Preferred ..;.... 170 Oregon .NaTlgatloa, 14
Chicago, U. A (4.... 79 J.i <'recon ebon Un«. 7JA
Chicago E. la... 41 Pacific Mau 25
Preferred.:.;.;... 10U Peona. l>.<t Kvani 2v»
Clilcagouaa 676^'pjttBbunt & W pfd. 16 '*
l'l»v»4 Pitlsbur«.162 Pullman Palac«...l57
Ccu60lldanon Coat. SI . yolck»liver_.... 1
Consolidated Uas..i;. i> Preferred..... "* 15
CC.C «k8u loots, 33i /4 ! i<eaaiDK.. * ** 1(13/
Preferrea.. .'...„.• 83 P.loUrande<fc\vWa 18
Cola Fuel <ft Iron.. i7% Preferred. ..... . 43
Preferred P0 Roclc Island... " 69
Cotton Oil cert 13 KomeWai <tOgd»nll >]?
Commercial Cable. 150 • H. 1.. & ti. Vv . .. 41/ *
t*el. Hudson .125 I Preferred. " i O i ~
Del.L*ck<fcWe««nU60 6t.Paui J2 7-1/?
UfDTM«h.i» 14 . i Preferred. 128VI
Preferred. 47*/g Bt. Paul A Duiuli 23
Iil«tUler» _ i 8 Preferred..... \~ 80
U«nerat t-Ucuio... 33"/ 2 fct. Paul <tOm»n»» 438/
t«e...... ...... ..^14V* Preferred. ...7^124*
t Preferred :;6 *>t..l*. W. & m. 117
lor: Wayne....... leu Silver (JertincatV^ «s
breaiNortbernsra.li 5 ! bout hern Pacina " 191A
Orcenltay ....... feoumern H. ii...~ 9 vt
Hanem....;^ ...... 29o 1 Preferred.. *" -96/*
ilociuna Coal au.f»uj:ar llennerV....
Hocking VaUey... ; 151/4 Preferred. .. .. 103V4
Homestaite „■ S i-U Tenn. Coal * - iron. £t\
U. * Texas Cenu. »Vi Preferred. .7^*loo -
llllaou c«ntm.... 96i^T*xa.l»aolflo;.™ 8y 8
Iowa Central „ si 4 Tol.A.A.A n.micq.—
Preferred _ S:u/ 4 |i ol. & Ohio Cen.... 32
fcansai «£ Texas. _ lli/ 4 Preferred 73 .
Preferred 2-t i,.. loKbt.lAjult A K.U. 6Vi
Kingston & I'em... 3 * Preferred 68
.Lake Weatn 16% Union laclflo 7»/,
Preferred......... b9 L V Den. <& UaU. 8
Jwe fc>hor« 14s 1) & t«Mn«...,, 4 7' 8
N«uon»i te«L... M 25 PreJerred « 9.14
Preferred. „. 10% Onar»meed....._ 9
l.cnuJalnna fcO I. K Kzureu.. aM . 40
Louisville & Nasll. .i ■', U. & Leather. 19
J.i i..r»\ .■.« >u,v i;u. gi 2 Preferred. ($4i/ 2
Preferred 20 L T . 8. Kuober « 24V«
WanHattanConioi.loivv Preferred. *- - '"
Mempnu & Cliarl* 15 Utlca & B. River.. 150
Mexican central... ■.. 4 VVab. & L. i i'ao.. 7
Michigan Central.. 83v«: Preferred. l"V%
JdiniKV^L, Wells-Farjta „ 97
Preferred. _ Western Union... 84'<4
JJlnn. it Kt. Lcom. is Wts Central « 1
preferred 78 i Wheeling & JU EL. 9%
Sd preferred 48 ; Preferred. 36
Wigpourl Paclflc.. ai^i Am Cotion OU pfa. 64»4
Mobile* Ohio so WU&el 7*/ 4
KashvllleChatc... b8 Ann Arbor
Rational ljuseed.. is i Preferred
K.J. Central 104 | Brooklyn Traction. 2'J%
North American... 6V4 Krle 2d pfd 551
CLOSING BONDS.
C 4b. re.«r 108*4 M. K T 20% B8S^
Do, «■ coupon. ..logi/ Do, 4*. 86:54
r P 4snewreK llt.7^ Mutual Union 6*.. .114
Do, 4s coupon... 1 Its " N J Cent Gen 5s... 119
Da 2s 84 1/.. 1 Northern Pao lsU.117
I>o. 6« 11% Do, 2ds 115
Do. bs e»ut>on_..ll'2&j, Do. 3Oa . . 74 •
Cberokr«4s. 189«». 1U0 >onnn-est*Conidukl «0
Do.1897- 100 lio.<lebS* 1081/4
l>o.]tS98 100 OJt&N 110
Ijo. Jb9B 100 KiUfclronMtUanai 78
6* of '95.... tit L.& S G«n fls. ll"4Vi
I). C. 8-6 &s 1091/4 ft Paul Conson ...ISO
Ala Class A 4 1116 K. p. c. «Palsu.llH
DAClMjBi, 6s. 10S j Da Pac Cal ■««..11O
Conaol 98 FouUxrn R. R. Of. 98*4
AllMouii funding.. — Inn Pecino Otiti 90
H. larollnacon 8s.. U& Texas seconds. Xl»4
_ I *°. *• 105 :VnlonPao lsior9«.10»V4
Carolina 4i^s... 100 West Kbor* 4s. 106
i. en £. new " 84 Mobile A Ohio 4«.. 86
a funding aeo*... 6IV3 R UmnaeWeU 1st* 76
f|^ *•« Ches & O tm 107%
£0. deferred*... t 5 Atchlson 4a 79
iJa trust rcDts st 7 Da 2ds A..- 42
J-anaaa Boutn Ms.. 104Vj G H AS A 6s..
ten Pac latsor P 9& 101 I i>o 2d 7s. loa
Dtn & ROIK no ! " * T « Cont'i;:: 109
if. .,t 911/ « Do.con6s 100
rle2d « Hr ) i 1 dln«4s 79
£ausiu '» consols 7 3 1/ 4 . Missouri Us 10U
*«• *"a l»,u X> en dlvlll '
FOKKIGN ,MAKKKTS.
WHKAT IN LIVKBPOOU
LIVERPOOL, Ekd., May 19— The spot market
Is qnlet at 6s 4%d@5s 6%d. Cargoes steady at
479 li/zi sellers, prompt shipment.
FDTURK8.
The Produce Exchange cable (riven the following
Liverpool quotations for No. ii Ketl Winter: May,
5s •-.'•"U I; June. Ss 2»4>1; July, 6s 3d: August, 6s
3d; :-eiit ember, 5s 3v*>l.
■1 IBITIKS.
LONDON. Kno.. May 19.— Consols. 112 13-16:
silver. 31 l-16d: French Homes. 1021 7^c. Bullion
Into Bank of England, £253,000.
£XCUA>G£ AND BULLION.
Sterllnp ExcbanRe, 60 days — 94 88H
Sterling Kxcbange, sight.......... — • '"■••*
Sterling Cable* — 4 DO
New York change, sl;ht — 1-Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — IB
Fine Sliver. S ounce — ' Ii7%
Mexican Dollars 64V^ 65
WHKAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nominal at 22s 6d,
usual options, and possibly lifts, The chartered
wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 18,'
9 JO, against 38.000 tons on the same date last
year. Disengaged, 73,550 tons, against 7190: on
the way to this port, •-'10.000 tons, rural us t 291,400.
WHEAT- There is not much demand on snip
ping account, though another vessel has been
taken for Australia, and the market continues dull
and unsatisfactory. No. 1. $1 O6yi:(choice.$l 07Va
ro.1 Of^ks lower grades, *1@1 06: extra choice for
milling, $1 15(a,l '40.
CALL .BOARD BALKS.
Informal session — 10 o'cloclc — December—
1000 tons, $1 OiS'i; 100, $1 03%: 100, fl 03«/ 8 .
Kebdub .Mokm.nh skmsidn — f>ecember— 1000
tons, $1 04; 700, fl 03%.
aftkrnoon m-:hmon — December— 300 tons
$1 03%: -.'00. ?1 03»,i.
BARLEY— Soot Feed Is off a fraction again and
the market Is weak. Feed, 71Vi@735ic; choice,
76c; .Brewing, 80@S5c. • '
CALL BOARD SALS9.' '
Informal Skssion— 10 o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 200
tons. 74Vic; 100, 74S/ 8 c.
Aftkrxoon Seshion— December— 100 tons, 74c.
OATS— Sellers are firm and are getting their
prices. The demand, however. Is hardly as
brisk. ilillinR are quotable at 75@82^c "$ ctl;
fancy Feed, biVslft^'Vic; (rood to choice. 77i/«@
82irjc; common to »air, 70@75c: Gray, 7^i»m)
82i,*;c: Surprise. 90c®$l V en.
CURX-AU kinds are dull. Large Yellow, 88»i
(a-^jijc; Small Hound do, 97VaC@$l: White. bi<&
o7 c t* CtL H
BYE— Unchanged at 76Vi<a78S/*c » cU.
■ iitCK»HtAl-86@90c^cU
FLO UK AND HILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
*3 75@3 86?>bbl: Bak«ra' extras, C3dd©3 65;
superfine. J2 75&3.
CORNMKAL, ETC.-Feed Corn, «2O@2O 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 ft ton.
MILXSTCFFS-Prleesln 10- ft sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
'-'!>' c; Rye Flour. 3Vic: Rico Floor. 7V4c: Corn
meal. ::^i.@3c; extra cream do. SU,c; Oatmeal,
3»4c: OatUroats, 4%c; Hominy, 4fii4Vic; Buck
wheat Flour. 4c; Cracked Wheat, SVfec; Farina,
4Vsc: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4iAc;
Pearl Barley, 4V»c: Split Peas. 4%o: Green do,
6V4C %i th. . .-, : . :T
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 914 50©16 ton.
MIl>DLINGs-j?i6®17 •$ ton for lower grades
and f 17 60@18 50 "r ton for the best.
FKEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, *16@16 80;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 820 ft ton; jobbing, (21;
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 $ ton.
HAY— Neither buyers nor hellers show any dis
position to change value<i. Wheat Is quotable at
?8<<tll 60: Oat ir $7@9: Wheat and Oat,$MA,ll- Bar
ley, ?7@8 50; Alfalfa, • «7@9; Clover, $«<a7 50-
Compressed Oat. $6 50@8; Compressed Wheat 87
©10 50; Stock. $6@7 * ton. •
8TKAW— 8O@5Oc ■# bale.
BKAN'S ASD SEEDS.
BEANS— Dealers report the market very dull.
Bayos are quotable at ,90c@$l * cU; Bmall
Whites, 81 25@1 40 ?k ctl; Pea, $1 25@1 46
ft ctl: j-arge Whites. S1&&1 15 f( ctl: I'm*
8<5,'gt97y 3 c; Keds, 8! 25: l;iack*ye. *1 4Oi^l 05-
Red Kidney, «1 t>W$l 65; l.lm&v S2 «0(o,-J 75;
Butters, f 1 40@l CO for small and $1 2!>ia,l 60 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mimard Is quotable at $1 60
@2 25 1» ctl: Trte«t«. $2<a2 60 » ctl; Tel
low Mustard, SI 40@il 60; Flax, |1 70@l 80- Ca
nary, =T"l 4c » Ib; Alfalfa, 7J^(^9Vi<: * «>; Rape,
2y 2 c # It.; Hemp, 3>-,c * »>. *^'
DRIED PKAU— $1 "^S(g»l 40 ft ctl for Min and
SI 26@1 46 lor Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOE8-The market for ail descriptions Is
weak. New Potatoes are quotable at 76<%$1 25;
River Burbanks, 60@55c; Oregon Bnrbanks, 60®
76c "f. ct!; Oregon Garnet Chiles. 85c@?l $ ctl;
Karly Koae. C0f<j:0c: Petalsma and Toaaales, 65
<»65c *& cil; Hum bold t Burbanks. 6U@70c * ctL
ONIONS— New are dull at 60@60c $ ctl.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 545 boxes As
paragus. 14C boxes Kliu barb and 511 sacks Peas.
Tomatoeit are scarcer and lilzher. Ho is Khabarb.
Tne other descriptions show no particular change.
bummer Squash, 91 'Jb&l 50 V bx : Kg* Plant, 16c
£ Ib: Los Anreles Tomatoes, it^fa-V! 5« fl box: Cu
cumbers, 50c@$l ~$ doz; Asparagus, f 1 (d.2 bx for
ordinary auu $2 2&@2 60 for extra; Knubarb, 60c@
?J ; Dried Peppers. 7<a9c; (Jreen Peppers, %t n>;
<.r»-<-n IN a«. 6Oc@*l '«t sk for common and ■i(d ) -l^.c
0 Ib for Garden: string Beans, 8@10c % Ib for Los
Angeles and 10@12Vic Ib for Winters; Horse
Beans, 35@50c $ sack; Dried Okra, l^Vic; Cab
bage, 40c '* ctl; Garlic, 4%@5o ft U>.
HLTTKK, CHKE8E AND EGGS.
I BUTTER— Continuous packing by dairymen and
commission merchants keeps the surplus down and
the market steady.
?.Sb KAllKKY - Fancy, 14c ! seconds. 13@18%c
BAiBY-Fancy, IB 1 ?: good to choice. 13@ia%c;
lower (trades, ll@lli^c. -w «73*-.
J- CHEESE— There Is plenty on hand and the mar
ket it, quiet, Fancy mild new, 7c: common toitood.
b*t>Vac; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc » Ib; Vouuk
Aruerica. 8©9c * tt,; Western? 10@llcr Eastern.
.h iiU H a — 1>rlC i. M seem pretty well established for
they do not change. Oregon Errs, 11c % dozen;
Eastern Egzs, n@l)y aC: Store Eggs, 11@1 2c*
ranch Kg , I«»l»^c7l>nck Kggs. 14@ioc * dor.
POUI>TKY AND GAmSI
POULTRY-Two ears Eastern came in and Home
sales were made ai 15c for Turkeys, $5 50 for
Hens and tb for old Roosters.
Local stock Is quiet. Turkeys are lower. Young
Boosters are scarce find higher. Hens are In large
supply and dull. Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers, I2(a,l3' for Hens: Geese, ft pair. $l@l 25 •
Goslings, SI 'ir,(a,\ 50; Ducks, 93 :>Oa,A. 50 for old*
and * 4<fl,t> fl doz for young: Hens, $3 50@4 so-
Koosters, Jounir, $7 50@9: do, old, #4<g; 1 50; Fry
ers, *6@t< 50: Broilers. <U<$5 for , large and f 2®3
for small;. Pigeons, Si '~t>(n 1 60 for young and old.
(•ami— l he market is neglected and nominal
Hare, 50@75c; Rabbits, 75c for Cottontails and 50
(u.75c V- aoz for small.
l Hlli|Ol> AND CITRUS FRUITS.
'- ORCHARD FRUITS— Arrivals of Cherries were
-629 boxes, selling at 25@6Sc for White and Red
and 50@85c V box for Black.
Two small shipments of Cringle Apricots were
received from Vacavllle and were quoted at 51 50
%* box. -••• • . - -
i'.I-'.KRIKS — Receipts of Strawberries were 441
chests, selli a % at~$tf©8 ft chest for Longworths
and S4ia,6 lor large berries. '
• iooscberrles. a5c ¥• drawer and l@2c V th In
sacks for small and SU@35c 9 drawer and 2@3c Ib
In built for large.' ■ - •
--, Raspberries, 1@1 26 V drawer; Newcastle Kasp
berrles, Cl 60 "«* crate. i a
No Blackberries from southern California. '
Currants. 5Olf(75c ■». box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navels are very firm, but
Seedlings are rather quiet, Lemons are dull
Orange* are quotabe at $1 25(<S2 V box for Seed
lines. $3@4 50 for Navels, $1 76@J 75 for Malta
Bloods and $ l 50@2 50 for Mediterranean Wwei-ts:
t#mons, 75c@$l ;>5 for common and *1 50rgi2 50
for good to choice: Mexican Limes,' 35 50@6 ■
California Limes, SI: Bananas, fl@a V bunch;
Pineapples, *3@6 *> doz«-n.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Buyers are after .Raisins, Peaches and Apples,
but neglect Prunes anil Apricots. The marKet
looks better than for some time.
DKIED ITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, l»-3@2c V lb for quar
tered, 'Jc for sliced ami 4(a.l'4 c for evaporated :
Peaches, T'A&tn and 6c for lanoy; Apricots, 6Wa»
8c for prime "to choice, 9c for fancy and 10@llc f*
1b tor tancy Moorparic: Figs, black. 2 Vic lor im
pressed: White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c f»
Ib for evaporated halves, 3Vi2@t>c 1* lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3fcfl3i/4<-; Plums, SVfcO * It for pitted nod
lVa<5;2cforunplited; Nectarines. SVaffiBc ft Ib for,
prime to choice and &V2C lor fancy.
Jobbing Pkicics— Evaporated Apples, 4@4iAc
?( tb; sun-arlea.ii^foUc: Pouches, 'l\^(a.\c and;5@6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. ll<S12U,c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 6@6VaC for 4O4S5O's and 4i^fg>6c
for60@60's; Apricots eV2'<i>P c lor prime to choice
30@llc for fancy Moorpiirit: Figs, black, 3V a c:
White Fists, 3<gi5c: Pears. 8c . "fr Ib for evapoi
ated halves and 4(0.7' .,c for quarters; Plums,
3Vj:@4c for pitted and.l^il Vic for uniiitted; Nec
tarines. 4(Si5c f> lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND IjKIKI) GRAPES— Pncesare as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Pour
crown, loose, 33 c ft Ib: 3-crown, loose, 2\<jc: •_'
crown. 2c; seedless Sultanas, M 1 2(a)'A'-\±c ; needless
Muscatels, -' ofaiJ'^c: three-crown London layers
70c %* box: clusters. *1 3B(d;l 50: Dehesa clusters,
*- 10@'J -6: Imperial clusters, $2 HO in,- 75; Dried
rapes. lb.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown loose, 3%c; 3.
crown, 23 /4 (a3c: 2-crown, 2V 4 @2Vac needless Sul
tanas, 4c tt lb; Seedless Muscatels, Be; 3-crowD
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, fl 60@l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 60: Imperial clusters, fli 75;
Dried rapes, . ' '
NUTS— Walnuts are quotab e at 9@llc Ib
for No. 1 hard and 11® 13c '$ Ib for paper-shell, Jdd
bln? lots: Almonds, 6®7Vi<5 1* Ib for Lamfuedoc
and 8y 3 @10c for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 6Vi
@7c for Kiisi c-rt) and 4 V'a@5 Vic for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 5@6c; Pecans, 6c" for rough and He for
polished: Filberts, 8(g,9c; Urazll Nuts. 9©10c $
lb: Cocoanuts, $4 B0@5 %< 100.
- HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c^ Ib for
bright and Kf^9c "$. tti for lower grades; water
white extracted. 6@5i^c 1* Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4i-i'^43/ 4 c: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX— %4 Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Cottoleno is lower. Hams, Baron and I,ard show
no change. Trade continues dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie & Ib for heavy. 7c
for light medium, 9c %> 1b lor light, 10c for extra
light and 12c f n> for siiK.-ir-cnn-d : Kasiern Sn^ar
cured Ham*. liy 3 c; California Ham's. 10c V Ib:
Mess Beef, $7 60($H; extra mess do, *8 M>(89; fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Pork. $H ."i0(g,9; extra
clear, *l*1i bbl: mess, *12 » bbl: Smoked Beef,
10c V m.
LAKU- Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6Vic V Ib
for compound and 6%c for pure; pails, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, '5 Vic tor compound and b»/ic for
Diire; half-bbls, 6Vl@S V«c; 10- !b tins, 7y*C; do 5-Ib,
7»4c V Ib. '
CO1TOLENE— 6V*r©6>A In tierces and 7@7s/
* a> In 10-tt, tins.
HIUKS. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Are firm at the advance.
Heavy salted steers, 7c 1* tt>; culls and brands, be;
medium. 6c jl Ib; culls and brands, 6c: light,
6c: culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, B(a.5' be t< It.;
culls and brands, •ifa.l'^c: salted Kip, 5c > It>;
salted Calf, 7c; salted Veal, be: dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, 8c? It: dry Kip and Veal,
h(a.»c; culls. 7c: dry Calf, 16c; culls. 10c: Goat-
BKlns, vote M5r each; Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good
summer, 30c; medium, 18035c; winter, 10@16c;
sheepskins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool,
'J0(g.;s6c eac-h : medium, 40(<£50«.* each; Ions wools,
60c each, Culls of all kinds about i<»c less.
TALLOW— Is dull and weak. No. 1, rendered,
3»4@3Vic; No. a, 3c: refined. 6i/a@5 3 /ic; Grease.
'JV2C 1b.
WOOL— Light free Wools axe wanted, but there
are very few coming In. Heavy and defective
clips are Deglected. We quote Spring Nevada, 8@9e;
San Joaquin and Southern Coast, six months, 4($6c:
Baa Joaquin. foothill, good to choice, '. kiJic : Sun
Joaquln. year's fleece, 4' .©ei^c; northern free, 7
©9c; do, defective. 6<gjti»/fcc ~# ft,.
HOPS— We quote nominally lVs@3c 1* Ib. These
are ruinous quotations, but they cannot be Helped
—the goods will not bring any more.
t.KNKKAL MKKCHANDI3K.
BAGS— Are quoted firm. Calcutta Grain Bags,
spot, $4 15@4 20; June-July delivery, 84 35; San
Quentln, f -; HO; Wool Bag*, '-'4 ' L . '^26i;ac
COAL— Wellington, $8 ton: New Wellington,
98 f* ton: Soutnfleld Wellington, $7 50 "? ton;
Seattle. 85Cd,5 50; Bryant. $5: Coos Bav, $4 60:
Wallsend. »6 60; Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo. *7 60:
Cumberland, $13 60 in . bulk and XT, In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 911; Caunel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
$7 60; Coke, $10 60 in bulk and 912 60 9 ton in
sacks.
CANNED FIIUIT— The canners are working a
little on Chprrip* and Gooseberries. Apricots are
quotable at $1<&1 05 * do*: Peaches. $1 10©l 30;
Pears, $1 256B1 35 %> dor.en: Plums, 90c(i*$l.
CANNED V A jiLF.S _ Tomatoes, 80c $
dozen. "ii.-!b tins: Peas ?1@1 25 dozen. '
COFFEE— Firm and active.
Costa Rica— 19V2@20V4c for good to prime: 18
?.!!•<■ for good mixed with' biack beans; 16%©
7 :< r. for fair; 13V->@16VaC for common to ordi
nary.
Salvador— 18 V«@l 9 Vic for good to prime
washed: I7V4M.IH for fair washed; 19*4@2Oc for
Rood washed peaberry; 17Vs@17% c for superior
unu-ashrd; ' 17c for good green unwashed; 19®
IPVjC for good o prime unwashed oeaberrv.
Guatemala and Mexican — 20Vi@21Vkc for
prime to strictly prime washed: 1(<6£i'i c for good
to strictly good washed: 2 (g;lH' 1 4C for fair
washed; ;16(ail7Vic for medium: 14i/4(g)l&%c for
ordinary; 1'27<$14<- for Inferior to common: 20*4
ia."Jic for good. to prime washed peaberry; 19<cO
19 Vic for good unwashed peaberry.
IISH- Pacific loci. catch of 1895: 1 00- lb cases
quotable at Bo ¥ Ib: 60- bundles, 5c V &>: stiver
King Strips, 8c f. lb; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c %" ft):
Tablets, Be It.; fWlllljlll Blocks, "i a c; PaciUc
Herring, 18c f> box; Dutch do, *1©1 26 "$ keg;
While Fish, $1 50 In balf-bbls and *1 75 In kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $1*; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
*30; No. 2, *«'6; No. 3, *24; half-bbls— No. 1,
«12 50: No. 2. $11; No. 3, $10; kits, No. 1. *2;
No. 2, $1 60; No. 3, $1 50.
ylKKSlLVKK— for export at 933@36
I*, flask.
O I lv— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls, 90c r gal (manufacturers' rates): Linseed
Oil In I. bis. boiled, 48c: do raw, 46c; cases. 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter-strained, bbls. 61c:
No. 1, 61c; casei 5c higher; China Nut, $4 60@)
4 80 ft case.
PKTKOLEUM. AND GASOLINE— Stan
dard Oil company quotes as follows: Water
white Coal < 11, In bulk. l-'y 2 e; Pearl Oil, In
cases 19c; : Astral, do, )9c: Star, do, 19c: Extra
Star Oil, in cases, 23c: Elaine, do, 24c: Kocen -, .10,
21c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, ll'^c.
'do, in cases, 20c: »>;:" Deodorized Naphtha, In bUik,
i:;»-2c: 6»° do. in cases, 19c; 86 s Gasoline, In balk,
20c: 86° do. in cases. V!5c v gal.
WHITE I.KAD— at 6\^c f, lb.
KED LEAD-Quotable at 6V3C if* tt>.
TURPENTINE— In cases, -)'2c; iron barrels,
37c; wooden barrets, 3Bc > itallou.
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 8s, 16 oz, are
quotable at 9Vic; do, 14 or, 8VgC; do, 12 oz, 7}4c;
do, 10 oz, 7c: Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
8c: do, 14 oz, "Vic: do 12 oz, 6VSic: do, 10 oz, 6i/jc;
l'aralllne Wax Can.lles, white. Is, •-'s, 4s, 6s and
12s, 14 oz, 9c: assorted colors, same sizes. 10c.
LEAT11 Ell— Quiet, but firm in sympathy with
the Eastern markets. Extra heavy Sole quotable at
26rg,28c "H !b: heavy Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c
for. No. 2; medium "so 24@26c for No. 1 and
22c %* tt. for No. 2; Light 0*lt, 23@24c. for No.
1. and20@2i!c ft n> for No. 2; Harness, heavy, 30®
85c; do, medium. 28c: do, light, 24@25c; Rough
Leather, 18@2Oc; Kips, *4i)@4& fT doz; Calf,
7O(a9Oc: Rough Splits. 4®6c.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Refinery Company
has reduced its prices and now quotes as fol
lows, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Pondered
and Fine Crushed, all 6y ( c; Dry Granulated, u^c;
Confectloneis' A, 6fy 8 c; Magnolia A. 5VsC: Extra
C, 6c; Golden C, 4y g c: half-barrels, -Via more
than barrels, and boxes VaC more.
8YKUP- Golden, in bbls, 16c; Black. Strap. 10c
*gal.
SAN FRAXCISCO . MEAT MAKKKT.
Hogs are rat her steadier under lighter receipts,
but prices show no change. Beef, Mutton and
umb sell at previous prices. Wholesale rates for
dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
BKEF— First quality, 5@8V4c; second do, 4Vi@
4-Vc; third do, 3y,@4c fi tb. i
VEAL— Large, Kg 6c; small, 6@7c ? Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6Vic; Ewes. 4Va@5c
V lb- .
LAMB— Lamb, 6@6' <i>c V Ib.
PC) RK— Live Hogs 3@3'4c %* Ib for large and
?.* /a &'Ay a c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
<:<.•■> ' i r tb. ___
WOOD, LVMBER, TIES, ETC.
Pouts, 9@10c each: Redwood, «5 $ cord Oak.
rough, 86 50; peeled, $9: Pine, 85 75: Railroad
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xb. 41c for 7x8 and 45@50c
for 7x9. •, . >-
TANBARK— $14 a cord.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rouith, $13@
$17 60 for the different lengths: No. 2, 811; No. 1
Flooring, S21@2B; Lath, $-: Redwood, 816 for
No. land $13 for No. 2; Rustic, 818@'23; Shingles,
common, 31 60; Shakes, *9 f 1 M.
RECEIPTS OK FRODOOK.
FOR 24 HOURS.
floor, or. rira 14.293 cheese, eils. 196
Oregon nUUKkcs. dot 15. SOU
Wheat, etls 6,350 Hides, no .. - 316
Barley. ctla ...... 6,080 Pelts. Ddls.... ...~- ' 37
Okts, ctls. 4511 Wool, bis 1,582
torn.ctls H66 Leather. roll»...._ 75
Bean*, alu. 8.94H\Vlne, sals 60,300
Foiaioea. iu.,,.,. l,5r>K Lumber. -M feet... ■ "5
Oregon....; 379 : Lime. bbls 360
Onions. •*• ....... 650 Alfalfa Seed, Bits.. 13
"'»". *ks~ m Chicory, bbls...... Zu
Middling!, ales... Tallow.clls 65
Hay, loot, _ 'jaii paper, reams 1.709
Bmt«r. etis.. 4651
A. Sharp Drop in Mining: Stocks and
I.i'<ts I'.im lien.
Comsioik mlninK shares broke badly yesterday,
especially on the afternoon call, as will be seen by
j the list of sales. Business fell off In proportion
i 'and altogether the mnrket looked very soft.
The close was firmer as will be seen below. - - •
| un the Bond Exchange, the sugar stocks were
lower. Jlutchinson declining to $24% and Ha
waiian to$18V&.
The Gould & Curry and Challenge Con. delln
queu.sal talc«s place to-day.
The annual meeting of the Crown Point Mining
Company has been called for June 1.
■ The Con. Cal. & Vu. Mining: ComDany has a cash
balance of about $44,000 in its treasury, with all
bills for the month of April paid.
. In the Ctioilar mine (ComstocK workings). in
the stope above No. 2 crosscut on the 450 level,
they, are raising on a streak of fair grade ore and
are preparing to crosscut from the seventh floor.
There is no change in the south stope on this level. i
In the winze below It they are working on the west
8 de of the old stope on a streak of fair grade ore
three feet in width. They are also repairing" the
main incline and other thoroughfares. They saved
during the week 126 tons and 1600 pounds of ore,
which they shipped to the Nevada Mill. The aver
age battery sample, with that from ore theretofore
extracted, was $25 12 per ton.
In the .Potosl mine (Conistock workings) the
raise from the south stone on the 450 level was ad
vanced nine feet during the past week and is up
121 feet. The top is in vein material composed
chiefly of low-grade quart*. On the 660 level the
main west drift is now out 472 feet from the shaft.
On the tunnel level they have stopped the winze
from the southwest crosscut and have started a
crosscut from it east on the fourth floor, which is
now out twenty-seven feet in low-grade quartz.
A«fte*sineiits .Tending*
■ Following is a list of assessments now pending:
. Dellnqt
.;., Company. No. Amu In the Sale Day.
■ Board.
Gould & Curry 78 15<.Apr25|.May 20
Challenge 21 O5l.Apr27 .May 20
Caledonia. 46 May 2! .May 27
Crown Point 67 20! May S.May 26
Occidental 22 lOiMay 3 .May 28
Utah 22 OilMay 4l.May 27
•Alpha 16 00 May 7 .June a
Potosl 45 20' May 10 .June 4
Mexican 64 20 May 24 . June 18
Havage 89 20 . Jne II. June 28
Overman 7o 10.. Jne 2..June 25
Aha. 62 101. Jne «.. Jane .so
Silver King 14 26|.Jne 71. July 14
BOAKli SALES.
Following were the ■"'••> in the San mnotsos
fit or Board yesterday:
KEQtlUK MORNING SMUtOS. rOMMFVCIMO 9:30.
400 Alpha 2* 50 Challnc.M) 200 Occldtl 190
400 21 150 Cbollar.2.h0il00 ... . 1.95
50 ....... -....20,200 2.75 350 .2.20
600 Alta 10 600 CCdcV...3.30 200 ..... . 2 16
100 Andes.... 45 100 .. ......3.25 500 Potosl 1.45
200 44 950 C Imp 700 1.40
700 43,100 Conn.... 1.40 450 1.35
700 Belcner...78,100 CrwnPt..7OJ4OO Savage..l.35
300 B <t h.. 1.60 1000 68 1100 ....„ 1.30
; ? & W H ' : -Jr - 1.55 100 • 300 Scorpion.. 10
700 Bodies. .. 75JOO Exchqr...lO 300 Sec a 21
100 74 100 ...... llSOOSSav.-i'.lS
100 72 1100 O A C.1.5 5 100 ... 1.10
200 .. 73 300 HAN... 2.00 300 Svndicati-05
000 Bullion.. 1.95 100 Union .105
30 • 3V 100 K>ntack..06j40O V Jckt....67
400Bulwer...4(j 1650 Mxicn.l.0U 500 66
100 41 400 Overman. 22J
ArTKRNOON SESSION— 2: 30.
300 Alpha 21 KM) Choilar. 2.60i250 Mexlcan..87
Alt* 10900 2.&5 200 Occdll... 1.85
400 09 000 CCfcV.,.3.06 200 Ophlr....2.05
400 Andes.... 40 30 .........3.001100 a 10
300 Helcner.. C Point.. .85 100 Ovnnn....20
300 69J600fcxcnqr...l0 300 19
650 B & B.. 1.49 450 U & C...1.45 450 Potosi...l.30
'-'50 1.30 100 1.501100 iS»vagBl.'.»O
lOOBodie GSilOO H&iS.. .2.00 400 . . 1.25
160 •.... 6U700 a.O6100 8corplon..09
450 Bullion... 30 2.10 400 Heir Bel. 20
•-'01' 29200 Justice.. ..12J300S Xev 1 10
550 100 14 400 Union..
200 Bui wer.... 40,150 Kentuclc..O6 100 Utah ..'Jo
200 Cftleda.... 14700 Mexicn...9O 100 . ... 19
50 (.'Haling.. .47 100 89 ! -'00 Y Jacltt..61
100 Conti.... 1.25 100 88 100 63
.following were tne sates in th» Paclflo 3ioo*
»oard }«sterday :
BEeri.AR hkssion — 10:30.
200 Alpha -..20 500 Exchqr.... 12 300 Potosi . ] 45
200 Alia 10 MOO O A C..1.55 3->0 1.40
5U0 Belcher... 7K 150 ...1.62». a 300 ... . 13/.
300 74 300 1.60 400 1.42 &
200 76400 .......1.57V* 1 50 1.3*
100 76J00U&N ...2.00 350 Sava^l.321..
300 BAB.. ..1.55 200 l.»5h00... * l.i«O
100 l.tif) HO 1.97Vi«OO 1.85
100 Bodle 73 2000 Justice. .la 300 1.40
300 JiulUon...M7 MOO K>ntuck.J)li 50.. IV.
200 35 100 Mexcan.. 99200 Scorpion-lo
100 30.200 ."...98 900 SB«fcM:...i;0
300 Bulwer—40 200 97200 21
100 Cliallge.. .B6J200 96 750 Ner..l.V!O
360 Chollar. 2.80 lOOOcd^ '100 .. 1.15
/OO 2.75 350 1.9*v.:0OSilHtll....05
450 2.771/2 750 1.95350 UnionC.1.05
350 2.-.O250 1.92'- 2 il00 1.021/,
100 CCV.3,3-'^ -O'J Ophir...2.20 100 Utah 20
950 3.30200 !i.l?i, 2 100 .. 2'
150 conn... .1.40 300 a.iT) ioo 21
350 Con Im... 03350 Ovrinn....2j''.'00 YJacJ£«t..67
100 Crwn l*t.-09,200 20,300 -62
200 68 100 21)100 64
•AKTERNOON SRSBION"— '1 :30.
200 Alt*. 22 650 O&C...1. 55:160 Ophlr.. .2.10
200 Andes.... 42 300 ./. 1.50! 60 2.05
100 Blear 69450 J.SaVji 60 2Vs
25 70 600 H&N1.97i 2 75Ul'otosi.. 1.30
150 B«t B... 1.50 100 2.0U1OO IS 21*.
250 .. 1.55950 1.95 100 1.35
200 1.52V a 100 X.0M10U l.i
160 Bodle 70 600 2.101750 Savagel.Su
200 Bullion... 321100 2.07*3 ! 2000 .. . 1 "5
100 30200 2.10 400 1.22U,
ViOO 31-^00 2.20'100 1.27 V*
•^OO Bulwer....42 350 2.221- liO Scorpion. 09
10J Chllnce...50 460 2.2a|100 li.t.M . 19
450 Cbouar.. 2.60 1100 Justice. .131400 JO
100 2.55 100 15200 ... . 21
350 a.B5 300 Kentuck..06'400 a Nov. .1.15
800 •J.y 8 ( 50 Mican...9a-.'O0 SUill OS
200 2.8-21/2 350 9-2200 Union. ...98
450 CC&V...3.05 350 90 50....^ 99
100 Contl.... 1.40 300 Mono 14300 1 00
200 C » Y 071100 Uccdll...l.H5llOO ...:..„. 1.05
600 Exchqr.,12 Ovrmn... . YJac^«(i..6O
500 .... 101
1
CLOSLNt* QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. May 19 -4 p. u.
Bid.Al'tecli • Bld.Atkfl.
Alpha Con..... 20 "•»' Jaclcson. .. 40 —
All* 09 11 alia " 18 20
Andes - 40 42 Jostle* .... 13 14
Belcher 71 72;BemacK. ..-._ 05 06
Beit Helenas. 1.60 1.60 Lady Wash..... 05 06
Kodle 64 68;Mexlcan....... 90 92
BemonUon.... — MO Mono ......13 —
Bunion _ 29 31 Nevada vtoeea. — 05
Bulwer _ 39 41 Occidental 1.80 1.85
Caledonia...... IS 15 Ophir 2.10 2.15
Choliar .„ 2.70 2.75 UTerman ..... 19 21
ton. Cal. * Va. '■<■ '.<• S.16'l'olosi 1.35 1.40
CballensaOon. 46 l<>>Hvrr« ........ 1.30 1.35
Coo. ltoneruu. 02 03 teg. B«lcbsr... 19 21
Confidence.... 1.30 1. 2 ft, scorpion 10 —
ton. New Yore 14 — ISyndlcate 04 05
Crown Foini... 08 70 SUrerHIU...;. 03 —
KastSierra — 0« blerra .Nevada. 1.15 1.20
Kzcbeqaer..... — 10 Uniou Con..... 1.00 1.05
Gould A Carry. 1.55 1.60 L'lan 20 21
Mai« A Aorcra.2.25 2.30 Yellow JaoKM. 66 68
GOLIJ MINING EXCHANGE.
300 Amalle . 2 00 Keystone.
200 ~ 05 Bid 65 00
Champion ■ 500 Lock wood Con.. S3
Bid 25 00800 « 34 I
Asked ....27 00 250 35
•-•<>(> Kdna 50 Providence
300 ~ 51 Askrd 8000
6(iO.... „ 100 Savannah 39
100 Grant. 18 ! 300 40
100 17/300 41 i
Kennedy 100........ 42!
Anked 11 00200 Sebaatopol 65 |
'600 56!
STOCK AM» BUND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, May 19 2 p. U.
Bnn> R4T if 1WXU1.
JSirt. A iked. Bid. At*ad.
PP«»coup..ll flJini L 8 4s reft. ..109 74 -
Do. new Is... 117 — |
M1NCKM.4 VKOIT* DOVDL
( »l-mcbl«6». -- 113 Do. 2d Isa As. — —
I n! Elec 1- - li!ai/ a P4O Ky 8s. 105 180
CDtraCWBs. B6U| 98 ) I !i ll'v >i%. - 107
Upnut ex-cp 77 06 rwl-st.RRSs. - 116 Vi
EdinLAP 8a. — 1-J'JVs'Kcno. WLAIi — 105
Kdu HKRG3.IO4V3 — ' I HlverWCoO* — 100
«<e«ry-atR5s. 102 105 factor A I,.. - H«Vi
l.or.Ancl.'iJ. - 103 l tFANl'KR5alOJ 1031.4
Do,Unted.ti!«. - 103 bl'RKArlxes — 9SV*
Mkl-stUbleS4l'J3 - 61>KUC'al6s»108iA|lll
Uon.vCon5s..l05Vil05W BPitKC«i»s_ — —
N*vCN«tR7s. 96 106 IJi'BrRCaiaj. 9PJA1U1
N PCKK6S. - 108 BVW»t«r6s..ll87 /g »19%
N Kv Ul rfi. 102 105 hVWi:orti.. — 89Mi
NHycalOj. — 100 StktnUAEtfj — 101
Oak «m Si.. 100 — SnnstTAT6* 103 —
Do. 2<1 las Ji. 10 i — suUer-stU5vlO7l % —
Omnlbu»6i. 119VA119»A VlMll»WUiU — W
»"«cKollJJta.. — " — I •
>» AT»B STOCK*, i
Contra Cost* 39y, 40 |S»n Josa..... 75 100
MarlnUa... 60 - |sprtnsV«U»r 98% yB' 4
■ r • IWt'K*
Capital. 20 35 1'aclflo UgHt. 48% —
Central .. 95 — >au*r»nc«co 92 92%
Oak LA H. M!y 58 MotltlOD. .... — ai^ s
' INSUH.i., ,,,cST()OKt.
rix«mansFd.l66 . - |£nn.: 40 -
'-."'' V V COMMKRCIAJ. hank ittki.
AmerB&TU. — — [Ix>ndonPAA.128V4l*9
Angto-Cal... 51 60 ' l.oii<lon&*fe*. — 27V4
Bank of CM.. *3<> 242V-;Merch Kx_.. 12 —
CalSD&TCa. h»yi — "! Nevada — —
FlrslNaUoaL178 182%|bath»c itCo. — —
tinuigera.... — —I
HtVIKSI BANK «Tf>CIC«.
nerS<&LCo..l425 16GU Hnv.tl.oaa.. - 100
HumbSAL. 1100 lir>0 Security — 200
Mutual — 40 | Union Trtus.700 bOO
B* S»v Union — . 485 j
., STREET RAILROAD STOCK \.
California.... — no Oak.SLAHay — 100
Uearr-st &5 75 Iresidio...-. 73/ 4 10
Marltet-«t.._ 46 - 46 |Sutter-M - —
, ; Km ■ STOCKS
Atlantic D... 16% '— ,Jndaon....._ — —
KuRt.rn D... - 90 Giant. -23 23%
California.... 80 100 | Vlgont. — 90c
M.'.CKL- VSJi.i:, K T <V;^
BlkDCoMCa. - 10 P«cAuxFA.. 1 _
S* « Ota f UU - ~ ™ f»cBor»x._ 98 100
IS 1 . 1 **** 00 *- _ _ FacI&NOa'- 80
KdltonLIgUt.il? 118. PaoBoUMUl — —
QasConAsso. — _ IPartPHntUa 6V4 7V4
OerLeadC\x 85 _ P»cTr»MCix - »*
HawCASOou 18% 19V4racT&TOo 65 70
HntchSPCo. 24»i 251/BR.unaeiTvkr.. 41 —
Jud»onMfgO. - _ lUnlledCUw.. — -S
AwnlOO 110 ;
8AI.KS— MntNI.VU . BBtlSIOX. .
Board—
50 Hawaiian Commercial 19 25 .
■JT5 . do go .....:........... .10 00
50 do do ■ .... . m 75
50 Hulchlnson S P Co. '. ..... 26 25
7!i do do .......; .". ■""" '28 12Vi
' 60 ' do'-- ■' do > ■ •■• ... ■ . - - . 26 00
; 25 8 V Water, ■ 6 .'..'..'." ....'.!. ' " ' : 99 00;
Street—
$6000 N P C R R Bonds. 105 00
50 Pacific LlKhtlns... " 4 7 00
6000 8FAK P Railway Ends 10" 25
*5000 S P Branch Railway i!omk;:;."; luo 00
Board— ALES ~ AFTK ' " )0>i 8K33 'O
10 Hawaiian Commercial.. If SO
lt>0 - do do ... ""*' -jo 7 fi
In Hu i cnln soa s i- co, s 3.v:;;.v; tJlll
60 do do ••••.. 0] k-,ijL
50 do do ... 24 6£U.
75 do do ... I* 52,.
25 do do .. ; ii :-i v
75 do do :: fkm*
20 Pacific Gns Imp....'. im
3^ibd L^ & Power Co '.. U7 25
SOOaklnndGas s-> Mi
10 S V Water ..::;::•;::;;;;;;;;;••••;; 95 co
Frederick nittmer to Joseph M. and Louise
Filiatranlt, lot on W line of Howard street 25 V
of Fourteenth, N 25 by \V 75- $10 5Lrtet - - J »
loton e h \- tO Jloorp Investment Company
SUV A^JtuMST 111 "" of Tw - n * :
Bridget O»Day to Thomas F. O'Dav, lot on S line
90:$u" ty " fifth street - 76 K ofBrint *°"goy8
Louis and Kachael Landler (by J. B Keinstein
attorney) to W.-li,. Fanto & Co.; on X lino of
ln e t r n ey^Sf eet - « 25 E of Church . E « h >- v 114 also
1 ", o " s . li »7f Twentyflrst street ,- BB E of '.Coo.
V 160 b> s 114: also lots +68 and 1042, Gift Man
3, also lot on BK COrn ' of Porter avenoe, 200 XK
of >aclee avenue, 55 40 bV 8K 1 5 "lock 24,
West End *ap 2: 'also lot on 8* line of lw.ntv.
lot on W e nne° f «° 1 " lu " taln - E 55 by 8 180: »iso
JotonW line of StHi.yan strce;, 5D-3 sot liclerave
avenue, S 75:3. W 192.N 75-'i. v n () . B £sn
lot onW line of suth aven u 100 SofCafl
n°t rn «i 8 60 by W 12 also lot on If line
of "'7, ' avenue, 100 K of stanvan E 50
and^r«om : fl S^ lOt On SK cor "erof Diamond
ana Fnenty-thlrd streets, « 28 bv K 100; also
lot on siineot Jackson street, 60 K of Laurel.
11.6 by a ii', : 2. ■ also lo: on H line of Twentv
iltih .street, 16J K of Diamond. B 80 by N 111
«1 °' v ! .U : l K I C( X rner of Elizabeth and Sanchei
streets, .N 25 Jw E 92:6; also lo: on S line of Fred
erick street, 50 E of Tremont avenue. E ->5 by S
10. : also lot on SE corner of stanyan street and
?'2 avenue - « 100. K 197:9, N 100:7y». W
-J"4:6: also lot on K line of Hartford street. 222 X
of I went!, th. N 25 by E 125; also lot on N line of
Twentieth street. 50 \V of Hartford, W 25 by N
82:6; quitclaim deed; $25. • ■.
Otto Luhn to Louise Lnhn, lot on W line of Dia-
m ,°, tl( l street, 186 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by W
l-o : $10.
Louisa M. Babcockto Kate M. Fitzgerald, lot on
42 i G . r " m avenue - 40 N of Suiter str-et, X
Peter and Bertha Johnson to Knerhard ana
Anna oe . d i er> Iot on N line of Fran cls-o street,
137:6 \V of Stockton, W 45 bv X 137:6- $10
Vanderlyn Stow, A. X. Drown and W. K. JTerrln
(executors of estate of W. \V. Stow) to W H.
Brown, uncjiviled Vi of blocK bounied by Jeffer
son, Beach, Powell and Mason streets; «— '—.
i Joseph Moore to Moore Investment Company,
•"ton « corner of First and Clementina streets, s'e
2.:2 by SW 75: $10.
i m e ,r t0 same ' lot on S\V line of Second street,
150NWOI Townuena, X\V 60 by SW 160; also
I? 1 ™? E corner of Carver and Powhattan streets,
•N 350 by E 140, lots 1161 to 1188, Gift Mup 3;
also lot on N\V corner of K street and Thirty
eighth avenue. N 300 by W 120: $10.
Benjamin Healey to 'Albert Becker, lot on SW
corner of Minna and Mary streets, \V 57:6 by S
-1 :t>; 710.
same, as administrator of the estate of Mary E.
or Mamie E. Meilovich. to same; $6000.
AI.AMI IV COINTY.
Brida E. Noisat to J. West Martin, lot on NE
corner of Fourth and .leff.-rson streets, K 75 by N
100, being lots 1 to 4, block 45, Oakland: .flu.
tliza K. Frye to John V. Cook, lo; on N line of
Isabella street, 700 W of San I'ablo avenue \V
27:8. N 1H9:2V 2 , K 28, S Ib9:2i/i>. to beirinnltiK,
being a portion of the Ounn i ract. ( alcland • $10
Duncan s. McHean to Alexander Miliean, lot on
\v line of Broadway, 37:6 S of J)urant street, W
to K line of Tel. graph avenue, S to a iwlnt 7" :8i/2
RofHE corner of Telegraph nv-nue and Duran't,
K 18-':ji,i to a point in W II lie of liroadu-ay, 75
S from >.W corner; of llroaUway ana Dtfrant,
thence N 37:6 to beginning, bloc* A, fountain
place, Oakland: $5.
Florem.e M. Athearn to F. M. Nottace, lots 3 and
4 In p'at 17, Amended Map of l.ukevlew, b'iiiL' a
subdivision of plats 16, 1" and 18, Watson Truer
tast Oakland: $5.
John C. and Alice Rouse to JoJin IJrawley, lot 11,
block I), Broadway and 1 el euiaph-a venue Park
Tract, Oakland Township; $H37.
Builders' Contracts.
1'. Morasson with J. B. P.-ne, to erect a one-story
brick building on s line of Twenty btoik! street,
67 E of Hiotwell. $1430: G. A. Ber«er, architect.
Shss Brothers with Carl Krccker. u terations aud
additions io building nt 1530 Kentucky street
$1940: H. Geilfuiu, architect.
May, 1896.
jsrMrTu7wrTh.|_Kr. sa.| Moon's Phased:
1 2 I "T
___ i^Last Quarter. '
I ~ ~ — I vs*' May 4. ;
j 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 — — 1
~~ ~"~ ■ ~~ ~~ —""" !#■>> New Moon.
! 10 11 | 13 13 14 15 16 VaC May 12.
' 17 18 19 I 20 21 I 22 23 ! First Quarter
: !: : s^j May 19.
24 25 ! 26 | 27 28 j 29 30 i I —
1 1 ' ! ! «> Full Moon.
1 31 ' ! I I '^ May 26.
Dittos of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMKR | DESTINATION-. [ 8A I IA I PIER.
4ra«o Cooi u«t May 'JO. 10 am ' Pier 13
Weeott Eel River May 20. A .M Pier 13
China........ { China <t Japn. May20. 3pm PM8 8
Santa Koia.. ; Sao Dleco ;jay21.1 Jam Pier 11
arcaia Oregon ports.. May'Jl. 9am Pier 24
Pomona nurabol. Mav21. 'Zru , Pier 9
ABlanchara Oregon ports.. May'JU. 6pm 1 Pier 13
Del Hone .. jUrars Uaroor May22. 5pm ■
Btata of Cii t'or.und ■ May23.10AM Pier 24
«•• Paul Newoor? Ma\J3. Sam Pier 11
Australia — ■ Honolulu May23.10AM Oceanic
Farauon... \ aoiilnn B»v., May23. 9am Pier 2
Walla Walla I Vic <£ Pet Snd ,May24. 9am Pier 9
Corona i San Diego May25,llAM Pierll
Snnol Grays Harbor. May'J7,12 w Pier '£
Eureka .Ncnoor. May'-'T, Bah Pier 11
Columbia... Portland. May28,10AM Pier 24
STKANKKS TO ARRIVE.
3TKAKKR I From: I DtTIC
BeiRic I China and JaDan May 20
Walla Walla — j Victoria <£ l'u<ec aonna ..May 20
Del Norte Grays Humor ..May?0
Pomona. Horn bold; .bay May 20
St Paul Newport. May 21
>nr»llon Yamuna Bajr May '2.1
Crescent City. . . I Crescent City..... May 23
Corona San Diego. jiay TA
Citv of Everett i Nanaimo May US
«unol ! Grays HarDor May 24
W*eotu Eei River ! May 24
Columbia Portland May 25
Orizaba Mexico "May "5
Iniatllla Victoria & Puset Souno !!May2S
KureKa „.. Newport May 25
Columbia Portland Mar *>5
Ara«o coo* Bay ."."' May 26
Fantaliosa...... "an Diego- Mar 27
San Blag Panama Mnv 28
V. 8. COABT AND GEODKTIO SpRVKY TlDBI
« Brt-LKTIN PUBLISHED BY OFFICIAL V
AtTTHOKITT OF THB SnPSRISTKSDK.VT. )
Wednesday May 20.
Ran rises 4 "4 Moon rise*
Sunsets 7. 19; Moon sets. '.*.'.'" 0.52am
May— 1890.
> 22™ Feet 11211 Feet H^f. Keet HS1 Fees
r. u w L \v - h vv L w
20 5.22 4.1.11.511 0 3 6.56 4.9
L W i Feet H W Feet L W Feet i H "w i Feet
21 0.57 1.7 6.56 40 12.46 0.8 7.34 6.0
22' 1.60 1.0 8.10 4.-.' 1.38 1.2 8.10 5.3
23 2.45 0.2 P.24 4.4 2.30 1.6 8.46 5.7
24 S. 39 -0.6 10.30 4.3 3.17 2.0 9.27 6.9
25 4.30 —1.1 11.33 4.4 4.04 2.a 10.08 6.0
26 5.181-1.6 12.31J 4.4 4.48 2.9 10.50 6.1
JNOTE— In the aoove exposition of the tides 'tha
♦»rl> morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in th»
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column Rives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlv*
fro-,- a-.- .i.^.f. <r'yn n fry hf chars
Bbamch HYDROOBArirrc Officb, V. 3. N. •»
Mkrcrakts' Exchanur V
San Francisco. May 19. 189ft )
The- time ball on Telegrapti Htu was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— 1. e., at noon of the l'JOih
meridlau, or exactly at tt r. m.. Greenwich tlm*
A. F. F£CHTKI,BR,
, TJentt nant U. s. N.. in ti.-\r*i».
San Francisco Entrance— California.
No'.ice Is hereby given that on or about June 5.
1893. a first-class can buoy, to wmrh Is attached a
bell buoy, pntnted red and black horizontal stripes,
will be placed as an aid to navigation to mark
Mile i ocks, entrance to !San Francisco Bay, Cali
fornia- Due notice will be given of the exact loca
tion of this buoy.
By order of the Lighthouse Board,
Frank Courtis, commander V S N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, May 19.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen. 24 hours from Eu
reka: pass and mrtse. to Charles Nelson.
Strar Cleone, Miller. 34 hours from Crescent
City;>luinber, to Simpson Lumber Co: 18 tubs
butter, to California Creamer* Co.
Slrnr Arnso, Reed. 40 hours from Coos Bar ; pass
and mdse. u> Oregon Coal and Nav Co.
Strur Hanut Rosa, Alexander. 01 ' u hours rm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <&
Co.
Stmx Alice Blanckard, Duuhazn, 4 days from
Portland, via Coos Bay 47 hours; pass and nidge,
to North Pacific Steamship Co. !
Stuir Navarro, Hardwick, 14 hours from Na
varro; 9432 r r ties, to l! A Hooper & Co.
stmr Xe-.vsbov, Fosen, 57 hours from Ven
tura: produce, to '-ouvliiTii Pacific Milling Co.
Stmr Geo Loomfs, Bridgets 42 hours mm Ven
tura: 6280 hhls oil, to Pacific Boiling Mills.
stinr State of California, Ackley. 48 hours ftn
Portland, via Astoria 39 hours; pass and mdse,
to <;ooiiali. Perkins <fc Co.
Br ship John Cooke. Ma-ee, 149 days from Car
diff; -J597 tons coal, 400 tons coke, to Williami,
Dimond ,t Co.
I Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 16 hours from
Bihlers Point: 85 c is wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr C T Hill, Rudbach, 5 days from Grays Har
bor; lumber and laths, 10 E K" Wood Lumber Co.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, May 19.
Haw bark R P Rithet, Morrison, Honolulu;
Welch A Co.
Brig Pitcairn, Graham, Pitcalrn Islands; Pacific
Prt>ss Publishing co.
Betn Corona, McAllep. Nicolaefskl; Freeman.
Smiih A Uo.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, May 19.
8tmr Gipsr. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
mr ri'.lamook, Hansen.
stmr Kmplre, Anderson, Astoria,
Stmr Kureka, Jepson, san Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla. Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsond.
simr Scotia. Johnson.
Br shin British Yeoman, White, Queenstown.
Hr ship Ynrkand, KMiot. Port Townsend.
Haw bark R P Rithet, Morrison. Honolulu.
Brie i'itcalrn, Graham. Pitfiilrn Islands.
Schr J X Ingalls, Thomas, Guaymas via Mazatr
lan.
S^chr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr II C Wright. Olsen. Eureka.
Schr Sparrow. Dart, Kureka.
s«nr Etta B, Madsen. Fort Koss.
Schr Neptune, Kstvold. Grays Harbor.
Schr C II Merchant, Brannan, Coos Bay.
Charters.
The schr Ida Schnauer loads mdse for Port Clar
ence, Alaska; Br bark Belmont and Haw bark
Iolanl. susrar at Honolulu for Philadelphia; schr
Twilight, lumber at Tacoma for nay in as.
The Br ship Drumbarton Is chartered for wheat
to Brisbane, 22s.
Teleeraphic.
POINT I.OBOS. Mav 19-10 p. ic.-We»tasr
clear: wind N\V; velocity 18 miles.
Spoken.
Per Occidental at Kureka— No date— Lat 31 IS
«, long 1VSS :<H \v. Haw bark Andrew Welch, hnc
May 7, for Honolulu.
Domestic Ports.
PORT LOS ANGKLES-Arrived May 19— Stmr
WVstport, from is>\ir Harbor.
YAVll'INA BAY— Called May 19— 3tmr Fara
lon. for *;in Francisco.
k'l'RKK A— Sailed Hay 19— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
ALBluN-Arrived May 17-Schr Bessie K, hnc
May 16.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 19-Bark Vidette, frm
Redondo.
<;KhKNWOOD-SaUedMay 19-Stmr Whites
boro. lor San Francisco.
PORT GAMBUE— 8aQed May 19-Scbr Spokane
for Honolulu.
Arrived May 18— Schr Roy Somers, hence May
REDONDO— Arrived May 19-Slmr Protection,
from Wes' nort.
SAN PEDRO— Bailed May 19— Stmr Pa sad eu a,
for Kureka: schr Benha Dolbeer, for Eureka.
SKATTI.E— sailed May 15-Bktn Catherine
Sudden, for Acajutla; stmr Albion, for San Fran
cisco
Arrived May 19— Stmr City of Everett, from
Nanaimo. for Smi Francisco.
LOOS KAV-Arrived May 19— Schr Daisy Rowe.
hence May 10.
| (iRAV.s HARBOR— Arrived May 14-Schr Dora
j Bluhm, hence May 2. May 19— Stmr Sunol, hence
May 13.
Sailed May 19— Schr Webfoot. for San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
FA LMOUTJI- Arrived Mav 18-Br ship Thom
asuia MacLellan. hence Jan 9.
yl'KKXSTim'X- Arrived May 18 — Br ship
I (ilentluart, hence Jan 23; Ger ship Marie Hack-
I feld, hence Jan 'J3.
I 3loK.rii.-iiu or Tran«- Atlantic stm n«r«.
QUKENSTOWN— Arrived May 19— Strar Bel
efiilatid. from Philadt'lphia, and proceeded for
Liverpool.
NKW YOKK— Arrived May 19— Stmr Konsirig.
ton. from Antwerp; sunr Scandla, from Medlter
rum-an ports.
sailed May 19— stmr Havel, for Bremen.
AM-TKKDAM — Arrived out May 13— Stmr
Zaamrun
A NT W KKP— Arrived out May 18— Stmr South
wark.
HAMBURG— Arrived out May 18-Stmr Scan
i din
j MARSEIL,LF.^-Arrivedout May 19-8tmr Neu
' stria.
, solTHAMPTON-Sailed May 19-Stmr Berlin,
I for New York.
1J/ARO— Passed May 19— xtmr H H Mler. fm
! New York, for Bremen; stmr Manitoba, from New
York, for London.
Importations.
VENTURA-Per Newsboy— 6678 sks beans. 292
sks corn, 141 sks dry fruit, 60. cs honey, 22 bales
wool.
COOS BAY— Per Araeo— 13 pkgs mdse, 1 bbl
syrup, 106 tubs 16 bxs butter, 10 rolls leather 10
I cs cheese, 34 bdls hides, 15 sks bark, 750 tons coal
20 plies. a sks coin. 7 pkgs express. 8 bis blankets,
• 4O9 sks potatoes, 16 kegs nails, 1 bx hardware 1 1
I bx dry Roods. 1 lot old iron.
PORTLAND— Per Alice Blancbard— iy 3 bbls
' vinegar, V 2 bbl kraut, 2 kegs 7 cs pickles, l pk«
I T pins. 10 kegs beer. 21 obis 1 lot iron. 1 bbl brass
I and copper, 90 sks bones. 876 sks potatoes, 31 -1 sks
! outs, 25 sks wheat, 16,823 ft lumber, 100 bbls
blenching ponder.
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— 310 bis oranges
293 pkKs iudse, 10 cs canned goods, 2 bbls cur
rants, 237 bxs lemons. 1 cs books, 3 bdls burlap, 1
cs shoes. 1 bx linens, 10 tubs butter, 1/2 sk raisins,
j 2 bDls olives. I! s»s abalone meat 2 bxs tobacco'
■ JOS bills salt hides. 9 bdls calf hides, 6 bdls glue
! stock.
' -Los Angeles via Redondo— 1 cs olive oil, 43 cs
mdse, 60 tierces lard, 20 bbls hams, 17 cs D 3 wax
I lot old copper.
Redondo— 36 puncheons wine, 5 cs mdse, 5 bxs
beeswax. 79 bxs lemons, 472 bxs oranges 1 cs
hams. . "
Port Los Angeles— 7 cs Japanese goods, 2 drums
cheese, 6 cs mdse. 10 bxs oranges. 6 cs honey, 19
bxs tomatoes, 10 bxs squash, 1 bbl brandy.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 43 cs mdse, 7
bxs tomatoes, 7 cs cigarettes, 43 bxs oranges,. 60
kegs nails. ••» • ■
Santa Barbara— 2 bxs butter, 11 sks horns, 2 cs •
mdse. 75 bxs lemons. 28 bxs oranges.
Port Harford— 34 cs mdse, 15 bdls pelts, 2 Mis
dry hides, 3 bdls skins, 41 green bides, 2 bbls tal
low. 4 cans tallow, 44 kegs nails. 1 firkin 7 tubs
1241/2 bxs butter, 11 cs cheese, 31 cs eggs, 1 bx
mussels, 7 bxs fish, 38 dressed calves, S coops
chickens, 2 cs cigars. 8 cs honey.
San Luis Obispo-197 sks barley.
Rocksidlng— 1000 ska bituminous rock.
Nipoma— 131 sks beans.
Santa Maria— 1434 sks beans, 330 sks mustard
seed. •
Los O'.ivos— 450 sks wheat, 156 sks barley, 30 sks
beans, 4 sks mustard.
ARCATA Per North Fork— 12 sks gluestock. 6
kegs nails, 1 bx hardware, 4 bdls sheep pelts, 1 sic
wool, 2 sheets iron, 1 bar steel, 110 M ft lumber.
86 M shakes, 2487 M shingles.
PORTLAND-Per State of California— 99 sks
I meat, 100 cs eggs. 20 bxs butter. 281 pkgs barrel
I heads. 25 sks horse radish, 787 pkgs furniture, 154
sks oats, 1570. pkgs paper, 313 pkgs hides and
I pelts. 10,700 ft lumber, 1670 sks bran. 488 qr-sks
156hf-sks 2076 sks flour, 600 sks wheat, 4769
sks potatoes. • ...
Astoria-2323 bdls snooks, 75 bdls barrel heads,
88 sks oysters, 3 pugs express.
Consignees.
Per Alice Blanchard — Lachman & Jacobl: Capt
.E Poleman; G Reynolds: Neville A Co- Pacific
Paving Co; Chas Harley & Co; W R Grace A Co*
Russ, Sanders & Co; G K Atkinson: San Francisco
Furniture Co; Thomas Loughran: N Ohlandt &Co-
Erlanger <& Galinger; Moore, Ferguson A Co; L O
slack A Co; MeDonough & Kunyon- U Dutard-
A Pailieg: Wolf A Son; FA Jones; Toredo Proof
Pile Co; A Dapella.
Per Arago— Wleland Brewing Co: John Magee-
Hllmer. BredhofT it Schulz ; Bandon "Woolen-mills'
Redlngton A Co; M P Detels: Wellman, Peck A Co
standard Oil Co: \V B Sunnier* Co; J C Johnson:
Hills Bros: C K Whitney & Co; Thomas Loughran-
Marshall, Teggart & Co; C E Whltnev A Co: J P.
1. indoors: iltbernia Brewery; Murphy, Grant A Co*
Erlanger <fe Galinger: Dunham, Carrigan & Co; H
Dutard: Dodge, Sweeney & Co: Wells, Fargo & Co-
O C X Co: Frederickson * Co. .
Per Newsboy— Southern Pacific Milling Co* H
Dutard; J K Armsby & Co: Field & Stone.
Per Santa Rosa— Hilmer, Bredhoit & Schulz- C
W Chamberlain; P Howe; T H B Varney- 8
Jacobs; Rosenburg Bros & Co; OC&XCo: A L
Bryan Shoe Co; Enterprise Brewery; Milwaukee
Brewery; San Francisco Brewery Co; American
Trust Society; L Scatena & Co; Doernbecker Fur
niture Co; Immel d: Co; Ross A Hewlett: Mania
Grau; Whitaker A Ray Co: Goodyear Rubber Co-
Wetmore Bros; Chas Tetzen; Horn A Co: • Geo
Starr <& Co: A Galli Fruit Co;. Hooker & Co; Cox
Seed and Plant Co; . F Mebacn: Troy Laundry Co;
\V B Sumner A Co: Dunham, Carrigan A Co: HO
Greenhood: Selby Smelting and Lead Co; J S Con
nell: Gray A Barbieri: Lev! Spieee.l A Co: Hender
son, Brown A Co; Amer Caro Acid A Gas Co; J L
Crittenden; E veleth A Nasti; HawleyBros; Labor
Exchange: Hills Bros: Norton, Teller A Co- 8
Strauss: FBHaight: Dairymen's Union; Pacific
Paving Co; Witzel A Baker; C E Whitney A Co- Ii
BenusshH N TUden&Co; Wheatou. Breon A Co-
Sln8heimerBros; Dodge. Sweeney A Co; H Dutard-
American Union Fish Co: S P Milling Co: Harris
Bros; Bassett A Bunker; O Camillonl A Co; J My
Moore: t> siiverbert : H Kirchmann A Co; Union
Ice Co; Marshall, Teggart A Co; L D Stone & Co-
B G Kuhl A Co; Western Meat Co; S Brunswick-
W C Price A Co: Brigham, Hoppe A Co: Peoples
Expres*: Enterprise Brewery; Frederlcksbursr
Brewery: II Heckman& Co: Norton, Teller A Co-
De Bernardl A Co: A Pallies: Wood, Curtis <t Co*
C Carpy A Co: Pacific Powder Works; Zinole Mfg
Co: F G II Ames: Cudahy Packing Co: Pacific
Ammonia and Chemical Works: TWPhelpa- Cal
Wine Association; Amer Press Assn: H Verne- L
Cieveland; Getz Bros A Co; D E Allison A Co- K O
isaunders; John Stone: Pacific Butchers' Supply
Co: Campodonico A Malcolm: .J Ivat'covicli A Co-
RT Phillips: Mendelson Bros; Samuel -Bros'
ilSchacht; J Murray; The Rosenblatt Co- Cal
Casket Co; Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson; Simond
Saw Co; Greenbaum, Weil A Michels: Wm Cline*
A Levy A Co; Tillmann A Bendel : Pacific Trans
fer Co; Pacific Coast Oil Co; . P C Jacoby; Judson
Mfg Co: W b Peck; T A silveria.
North . Fork- Dunham. Carrlcan&Co: Cal
Glue Works: Miller, Sloss A Scott: Bisslnger A Co;
Standard Oil Co: Chas Nelson: Carroll A Carroll.
Per State of California— Clatsop Mill Co; M E A
Wagner; M B Mora^han; A Czrl: Wells, Fargo <fc
o: al rymen>s Union • Jacobson-<t Co; Hilmer
Bredhoff A Son; California Barrel Co; Doern
becker furniture Co; Crown Paper Co; Wolf &
Son; AlupftCher Bros; Flint Ji, Wise: Cronibie ft
Co; J P'ihomas; W C Price A Co; M P. Detels*
Moore, Ferguson A Co; H Dutard: Page Son-
Dalton Bros; A Heney ft Co; MeDonough A Run
yon: Wolf A: Son: J II Cain& Co; Erlan^er &
malinger; Murray &fttelnhau'eD: TUos Loughrau;
White^Bros: Theo. Flcher; Willamette Pulp and
Paper Co: Armour Packing Co. PCouncilmen Bassett and
Manuel Called Each
Other Skunks.
THE POLICE SENT FOR
Liability of Mayor Davie to Pay
a License for H.s Steam
boat Wharf.
STATEMENT BY THE MAYOR.
The Wharf Used Free of Charge by
a Large Hunter of Oakland
People.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 19.— The License
Committee of t:ie City Council met to
night to investigate t&e status of Mayor
Davie's wharf as regards his liability :o
p»y a license. The committee decided to
leave it for another meeting.
l>ur:n£ the meeting Coancilmea Basseit
and Manuel had the nsual row, but this
time they included "dog" and 'skunk" iu
their vocabulary. As Basseit is not a
member o: tue License Committee he was
aske.i to arith.ir.iw, but did not do so until
uef of Police had been sent for.
"The whole investigation amounts to
nothing." said the Mayor this evening,
"and I do not think I can waste my ttiie
on it. Nearly every one knows that I do
not charge wharfage for the use of ray
wharf.
••There are lots of people who nse it gratis.
H. T. Curtis has landed hay there many
times, and Cotton Brothers, Smilie
Brothers, McKinnoa. R. N. Getchell and
Jots of others have unloaded cargoes there
and never Daics a cent. R. X. Getcheil has
■used the wharf for four years. At first he
occupied the Renton Coal Company's
dock, but the railroad had him put off De
cause he carried freight for the Lusk Can
ning Company which the railroad thought
belonged to it. Thai was in 1S92. and he
has been occupying my dock ever since.
There are a: least a dozen schooners around
the bay who come in there to make re
pairs and take aboard supplies, ail for
nothing.
"If the Council wants money for a
license let tnem furnish ingress and egress
from the wharf. If they bad stayed with
me on opening Harrison street "I would
have ■.led up around there and made a
nice dock. This is all railroad -work and
ilaloon and Man'ett are in its employ. It is
bringing its influence aronnd on the non
partisans. I spent my fortune tilling in
around that wharf, reducing ferry fares
and holding tne water front for the city,
and I think this is shabby treatment I am
receiving frorr. the Council lor my pains."
Third Congressional.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 19.— The newly
organized Third District Congressional
Committee me: this afternoon and again
this evening. The sessions were behind
closed doors, ana there were some very
■warm arguments. As the leaders are anx
ious for harmony, it i; not considered
likely that any plan of campaign will be
agreed upon for several days. "
Alaineda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakla>tj Office Bui Feaxcisco Call. )
Wi Broadway, May 19. }
The nomination of Ed Lane as a director of
Melrcse school district by petition has been
tiled Ufa the Count. Clerk.
The motion to dissolve the Injunction
Egainit the city of A lamed* in tae suit
brought by J. T. Flemming Jr. will come up
on Wednesday at 10 a. si.
At the primary u nion held to-morrow after
noon at 3:30 o'clock in the Clay-street parlors
of the First Congregational Church, some new
leatures will be ..--ed.
As yet the body of the man who was drowned
•wiih s. H. Von Schmidt has not been recovered
iroci the estuary. It has been learned that
l:is i.'ame is Peter Nelson and that he was- a
sailor oa the lumber schooner 2Jelancinon be
longing to Simpson & Co.
The estate of Oliver Hamlin. deceased, who
died in a private hospital under an operation,
ha? been appraised at It con». - of
real estate in Alameda County worth J265O,
and in Contra Costa Cotlnty $5454, and
besides personal property worth ij560.
Deputy Sheriff Al White end Constable Gns
Koch have placed William Scott In the
County Jail and charged hiia with being one
of me trio who held Dp and robbed Charles
Brown bandar night ou the san Leandro road.
Brown claims he was riding along the road
liear the Three-Mile House, when two men
nepped oat from the side of the road and or
dered him to stop and dismount. When he
complied they roobed him of $50 in cash and
a check lor $100 which he nad received from
The Oaklaiid Consolidated Railroad Company
for injuries received in a recent collision.
"When arrested Scott nad the caeck in his pos
hession. He is only Is years of age. a member
of a. respectable family and his family feel
much humiliated by his fall. It Is suspected
he has been used by older and more guilty
parties. •■■*■.'. -■ : : : . . >.
High School Graduating Kzercites Hare
.Been Abolished for the
Future
OAKLAND, Cal , May 19.— The Board
location has decided that in the
future graduatiug exercises et the High
OAKLAND. Cal., May — The vreddlns* of Superior Judge Frick of Alameda
< ounty to Miss Tillie M. Bader of th city will take place Thursday morning
next at the home or the bride's mother, on Thirteenth street. The cere
mony will be very quiet and only relatives of the bride and groom will be
present.
School should be abolished and that in
stead the diplomas should be simply
handed out to the pupils who bad finished
the course, without any further ceremony.
The reason given for this innovation is
that the graduating exercises took up too
ranch o! the pupils' time, although it was
stated that the graduates could still have
their class day, which some of the directors
seemed to UunK did not take any time to
arrange.
It ha? been decided to hold the graduat
ing exercises of the present class a vreec
from Thursday night in the High School
gymnasium.
Mrg. Spertzen If Attacked "While
Playing a Game of
Cards.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 19.— Mrs. Bpeet
zen. a weii-Jcnown lady of Oakland, died on
mil .lay nigbt of hysteria.
E •• v-a- visiting the house of a friend
..riaj a •:>." oardi Middenlj sat
back in her C:*a;r and commenced to lautih
hysterioaJ y. Bhesoon i'-i-ame wor«e ar.l
to her "home, bm M «he could
". -top laut:bin>i was removed to Dr.
Taylor's sanitarium where an operation
wa;- performed. This, nowr?er, afforded
her no relief and she died shortly a.ter.
r.je unerai was held this afternoon at 2
o'clock.
A Meeting of the Alametla County Good
Koadg Association to lie
Held.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 19.— A meeting
of the Aiameda County Good Road; Asso
ciation will be he;d to-morrow evening,
and the Suite Highway Commissioners
are expected to be on hand. The associa
tion Jesires the r> esence of as many tity
officials as can be present, for many mat
ters of eeneral interest will come up, in«
eluding the amendments of the State laws
affecting public roads.
Entered His Cabin and Tried to
Kill Him With a Dag
ger.
The Victim Weighs Three Hundred
Pounds and Barely Escaped
With His Life.
Oakland Office ?as Fbascisco Call,)
ho* Broadway, May 19. f
P. C. Helsey, the Southern Pacitic fiag
man at tae west end of the Seventh-street
trestle, weighs aimost 3OD pounds and is *
strong old man, but he was nearly mur
dered Friday night by a woman in h is
cabin near the estuary.
Mrs. Heibst, the woman who has been
arrested for battery on the flagman, is a
strikingly handsome woman about 30
years of age. She iives near the foot of
Jackson street, and has long cherished ill
feeling toward Helsey.
"Last Friday night.' 1 said Heisey this
afternoon, 'Mrs. Herbst came to my
hut and smilingly said she had come to
make a friendly call. I asked her to sit
down, and she fiew at me like a tLress.
My head is cat and my back is bruised,
ana I am positive that her intention was
to n-.u r der me. She had a dagger and at
tempted to stick it into my eyes. I etrug
vith her and tried to attract help, but
she told me it was no use, that she had
chosen the late liour for calling on roe so
that p-opie wouid never dream it was her
when I shoaid be found dead.
'We bad a fearful Etruggle, and I iuc
ceeded in throwing her v.own, but not
before nearly the whole of her dress Lad
been torn off her. She behaved
like a fiend, and had I not succeeded in
throwing her out in ihe street wher. I did.
I should bare been forced to use my club
to protect myself.
"There i? a very plain reason for her
con :uct. For a long time past the rail
road company has been missing ties from
the back of my cabin. Ihey employed a
detective, and Mrs. Herbst learned that
.or. fe.l on her, anvl she believed that
I bad informed against her. I knew that
sne had vowed she would have revenge,
but I was not prepared for such an on
slaught. I have cuts and bruises all over
my Dody. I have been told that Mrs.
Herb«t threatened to poison me. but did
not believe it. :>
The charge against the woman is assault
with a riejiuly weapon, and Heisey says tse
intends to prosecute it, as he does not con
sider his life safe when she is at large. He
has been in the employ of the raiiroad
since it first opened and is one of the best
known employes In Oakland.
Mr-. Herbst was formerly the wife of a
wealthy contractor, but a few years ago
he was forced to obtain a divorce, and from
that time she has been before the public
more than once. When seen at her home
to-night sht said she was oat on bail, and
added, "I am shaking too much to talE."
Mr». Warner'i Funeral.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 19.— Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D., formerly pastor of the Firsi
Congregational, and Rev. 6. M. Freeiand.
acting pastor of that churca, conducted
the funeral services of the late Mrs. James
Warner from the family residence, 1067
Oak street, this afternoon. Many floral
offerings testified to the esteem in which
she wall h<-ld by all who knew her.
The music was furnished by a quartet
consisting of Mr. and Mrs. A- M. Benham,
Mrs. Lena Carroll Nicholson and H. W.
Snow. They sane "Beyond the Smiling
and the Weeping, "Asleep in Jesus" and
"Thy Will Be Done" during the services.
The pall-bearers were Messrs. £oiomon
Lathrop, John Warner, Joseph Warner,
Joan H. O'Brien, Felix Chapr.elet and
Homer Craig.
Green contrasts with colors containing
red, and harmonizes with colors contain
ing yehow.
An Incident of Mystery in
Humane Society's
Annals.
PARTED FOR EVERMORE.
Unnatural Conduct of a Mother
Who Has Returned to
Chicago.
HER BABY IN AN ASYLUM.
She W.ll Never See It Agiin and It
Will Never Know Its Own
Name.
Oaxxasb OrriCE S/o.- Fra>cipco CittJ
905 Brvadway, May 19. >
A picture of a beamiful blonde babv,
two weeks old, is all that its mother took
back with her «o Chicago to-:iay. The
chila is no longer hers, but is in an
orphan asylum, and hereafter she will
never know anything of its welfare. Ehe
will not even know whether it lives or
dies.
The baby is the chi:d of aristocratic
parents and was Drought to Oakland yes
terday by a nurse. Its luxurious, expen
sive clothing surprised all who saw it,
and they were still more surprised at the
story of the mystery surrounding iu
The little one was born in San Jose and
enjoyed a Jife cf luxury just one week.
Then it was spirited away from its mother
and brougbt to Oakland. Its mother came
from Chicago several weeks ago with a lady
who said she was her sister-in-law. They
gave evidence of having unlimited means
and the baby was born with a golden spoon
in its mouth.
The sister-in-law decided that the little
innocent mnst be sent away. In vain the
young mother protested and expressed her
desire to sacrifice everything for the privi
lege of being allowed to keep her child.
But the "sister-in-law" was deaf to all ap
peals, antf according to the story of the
nurse there was a heartrending scene
when the separation took r^ace.
Mrs. Lydia Prescott, the agent of the
Oakland Children's Society, was asked to
find a home for the child, but as it was
outside her jurisdiction she could not com
ply with the appeal. The child was
brought to Oakland with a letter from a
prominent San Jose physician to a local
doctor, and every effort was made to pre
serve the strictest secrecy regarding the
disposition cf the baby. Ultimate'y the
child was given a home in St. Joseph's Or
phan Asylum, wtsere it now is.
•'Nothing would satisfy ita mother,"
said the nurse, "except that her little boy
be photographed. Sne was told that she
would sureiy hare a picture of it, but she
would not let tbe child out of her si^ht
and so the photographer had to take h:s
camera to the apartments and take tne
picture while the mother was looking.
When assured that she would get a photo
graph she let the woman wno was with
her have her way.
"Everybody is sworn to secrecy and I
cannot icil the names of the physicians,
and there is no doubt that the names of
the mother and her friend are fictitious.
It is one of the most mysterious cases I
hare ever attended. The child is a re
markably pretty blonde, and if its mother
had kept it another week no one would
ever have got it away from her. Lhe left
to-day for Chicago and all she has regard
ing the child is a photograph. She prob
ably could not rind her own child now,
and certain it is the little one will never
know iis name. Now that thev have gone
East there is not the least solution to the
mystery. It is a little story from a nurse's
Jife, but I cannot say that I care for such
experiences."
Body of an Unknown Washed
Ashore at an Aiameda
Clubhouse.
He Is Surpos»d to Be N m d fahill,
and to Have M t His D.dth
Accidentally
ALAMEDA. Cau, May 18.— Low water
this morning disclosed to Harry Crawford
and "W. G. Newton the body of an elderly
man lying on the sand and mud ju»t of!
the Encinal Yacbt Club hous , at the foot
of Grand street. He was dressed in a .lark
suit and his feet wera encased in button
shoes. ,
The body is that of an elderly man about
sixty years of age, and from the papers on
the deceased is apparently one who in Jife
was called Patrick Cahili. Among the
documents are a Wells-Far^o receipt for
f 2-53 in favor of Patrick Oahili, drawn in
Monterey, C'al.. on July 13, 1556. and a citi
zenship paper in the same name issueJ by
Washington Bar;!eU on September 14,
[868. s.o-wing the native place to be*Ire
land. it is indorsed by J.J. Tol in as be
ing on the great repister in 1*50. There
are sundry stockbrokers' accounts in the
name* of Baldwin Gardiner. 314 Mont
gomery street, and R. C. Hooker, 338 Pin
street, San Francisco, bearing date of 1--4.
In a Pacific Coast diary of 13S2, from
which many leaves nave been cut, is a
poem commenced on a pa e headed May
10, 1883. Yrom appearances it is evident
that it had been written at a much later
late. The poem is beaded •My Sixtieth
day," and is written as prose. It
reads:
A ioatr life's r".i n a d •■•: ''•in? steps
We i< crneyed all alone—
3iy arrows, desi'Ondeai nope* aaa triumphs
ill my o«
My trinmptu were bat say.
Bop* Uhs Lost i!« sway,
AnU nature's debt .5 drawing nearly due —
I'm 60 ye*rs o d&y.
l»-c.)
Ttar? daydream of my life b As been.
B«.« ibat sweet drv.-vm lias fled—
Thai I w«n*l live to see
The civeu nbove I le red.
That clot :.-ii .lav II] snivly come,
Bat whm it coiucs I may be In my ioial>—
I'm 60 yetrs ;o-day.
Th chill October breezes How;
T •• era i <". hans on tbf » 1*.
as i up. ; lunr, long a.o
When routb m<d Krearta were mine.
Bui I'll <Ol rouse upoji the past.
I soon must ■•» nway.
This rsynw ptrhsps •*•' be lay last—
I'm 60 years ;o-tlay.
Aalen ! Thou gr»;id o!d n> me
Of Rase and M nt and song !
On the* 1 never more may roam
.Lire'* pariv «.en«« amonz.
I may to: cro'S the stormy deep,
Nor In h l.owed fa .- rep t.<
Where my loret-itbrrs s!«p-
I'm t>0yean to-cay.
The rest of the diary consists of a record
of notable events from the as>assinat:on of
Lincoln to Corbett's and Slavln's victories
and measurements. On the first leaf are
these memoranda:
Died in Oakland July 27. 1SS3, Mary Flem
rainff, a native of County Galway, Ireland.
Mrs. Roe Oahill— March 17, 1S90.
i James Cahill, Gasper County, Iowa.
Edward laaill. John P. Cahill, John H. Ca
hill. Oakland.
A nolltax receipt in the same name
dated April, 1878, is«ned at Brooklyn. Cal.,
was also among bis effects. No dates later
than 1S91 were to be found. On his person
were found two old knives, sundry studs,
pocket-comb, spectacles, pince nez, watch
£ey, but no money nor watch.
His face wa? very discolored and purple
and at the back of his bead are aundrv
email puncture?, but these are doubtless
canned by prav '.. An autopsy will prob
.sclo-e a hemorrhaee in the brain
cavities. Hi? remains showed tha: he had
been a suffertr :r m strar.gtiiated hernia
for many vear.-. Tne body had evidently
been in the wa:er at Jeast t :rtv- = ix hour?.
How he came by his d«3tn, when or
where, is prot'ematical. He may have
had an apopiecv. se:zure or fallen off the
narrow-paupe train on the trest e l.Thice
to the mf>ie on the excursion train Sunday
night. The trains in the evening were
craiumeu iu'A of people. Some conjecture
his body was wafted across the bay from '
San Francisco by the tide and high winds.
The captain's gig of the Blairmore was
washed on shore at Bay Farm Island, bat
i the sailor's body entombed in her hold
i reached Oakland.
He ii said to be the father of John Pat
rick Parneil-Cabill, the famous ball
player, and leaves a widow, from whom
he has Won separated for some year liv
ing at 1312 San Pablo avenue, "Oakland.
Further inf rmation goes to show that
Patrick Cabiilwas in the County Infirm
ary and that be left there about five weeks
ago.
What Caused Her Death?
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 19.— body
of the woman discovered yesterday at the
foot of Park street s:«ll remains unidenti
fied, thou scores have looked upon her
lace. Not far ir m where she was found
lies a brick -cow, Ann Eliza, which has
been lying there since Thursday. The
skipper and his man are away and are
thought to be in San Francisco. In come
way the woman and the boat are con
nected in people's minds. There is no
doubt but she wa-$ the victim of foul play
before her body was cast into the waters of
the bay. Some say her name is Fannie
Madsen, and that she was the stepdaugh
ter of the -tipper of t!>e scow, whose name
is given as J. W. Johnson. This informa
tion does not come through the police,
who so far have not moved in the matter.
They are waiting for the Coroner to act.
He "has not yet visited the remains and
will nor do M until she is Identified. Every
one is asking why an inquest and autopsy
have not been held and why action is not
taken by th authorities to locate the men
belonging to the mow.
..Another FJagrattn.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Mm 19. — At last
night's meeting of the City Trustees at
tention was called to the necessity of a
flagman being stationed at the crossing of
Park street and Encinal avenue. The
Street Superintendent said it was just as
ncce«sary* as tl;* flagman at. the broad
£auge . station. The clerk . was instructed
to .write and ask the Souther.. Pacific Rail
road to appoint the necessary flagman
without delay. ■ - "
Explains the Authorship of
the Anti-Funding Bnl
Resolution.
THE WORK OF SHORT.
Taylor ot" Alameda Did Not
"Get Even" by Writ
ing It.
THE rCCTOR IS SARCASTIC.
He Imagines That He Sees His Polit
ical Opponent "Chuckling
With Glee."
Oakland Office Sax Fbasctsco Call.'<
90S Broad w»y, May 19. )
Ex-Mayor George C. Pardee spoiled a
Rood story this afternoon. The method
of Ills spoiling: was very decisive and in
cisive — he positively denied it.
Several days ago a story was printed in
an Oakland paper regarding the author
ship ol the anti-funding resolution adopted
by the late Republican Convention; The
salient point was contained in a para
: graph which staled that Mr. Taylor of
Alameda County, who was excluded from
the convention, "to get even, wrote the
anti-funding resolution and gave it to
Short of Fresno, and when later on it was
passed he chuckled with glee, especially as
it was seconded by Pardee, who owed his
seat indirectly through the medium of
Spreckele, to the very medium that had
been attacked."
Dr. Paraee says he waited eleven days
for Mr. Taylor to deny the story, and to- i
day he (Pardee) published the following
statement.
After quoting the story as printed above
Dr. Pardee proceeds:
In this connection the following letter from
Frank H. Short of Fresno, the introducer of
the resolution which Mr. Taylor is said to have
written, may not be out of place. The letter is
self-explanatory :
"FKZSSO, Cal., May 16. 1396.
"Dr. George C. Partite, tie Montgomery strrect,
i corner of Clay, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Mr
• Your favor of May 12 la received. 1 heard
I some time since that Mr. Tavlor of Alameda
, ■was reported to have written the anti-funding !
! resolution Introduced by me in the State con
vention. I did not suppose, however, and
would not suppose now, unless you or
some other reliable person would so
state, that Mr. Taylor made this state
' rnent or claim, as I have not even
the honor of . Mr. Taylor's acquaintance;
I may have met him, but I have n*o recollec
tion of any personal acquaintance with him
i now. I certainly had no communication with
i him directly or indirectly in regard to this
resolution, and he did not write or suggest any'
word of it, or suggest anything in regard to it.
cither directly or indirectly. I, with my
friend, Dr. Rowe'.l. prepared tie resolution in
the evening before It was introduced, and for
very obvious reasons did not communicate
with anybody in regard to it. I kepi myself
j informed as to what wa*i>ccuring in the com
! mittee and as to what the report would be,
and felt certain that if the body of the conven
( tion was not denied an expression of its tent-
ments that the committee's silence on the
funding-bill matter would be repudiated, &i;d
feeling tare that such a resolution was essen
tial to the reputation and good faith of the
party representing the sentiment of California
I introduced it tif-on my -own responsibility, :
and any statements that it emanated from any
source, or was suggested to me by any in er
est>'d persons, is absolutely false. 1 remain,
with regards, very truly your*.
• • Frank H. Short."
I hare waited very patiently for Mr. Taylor
to deny the truth of the statement in regard
to him' in his relations to the anti-fnnding-bill
resolution, made in the Tribune of May", some
eleven days aso. But as he has not seen fit to i
deny the' authenticity of the report In the
Tribune, although he has had nearly two :
weeks to do so. I think I am justified in assum
ing that he did make the statement attrib
uted to him in your paper, which statement
Mr. Short's letter puts among "the things that
are not." •
1 think I can still hear Mr. Taylor when he
"chuckled with glee" after he "wrote the ant:
funding resolution and gave it to his friend
Short of Fresno."' No doubt Mr. Taylor was
greatly pleased to find that Par4ee seconded
the resolution which hit the railroad so hard a
lick; the same railroad that "when the ap
pointed delegates took their seats in the morn
ins they were confident they would retain
them, as th*re was a programme understand
ing that they should act with Spreckels and
would gft his influence and also that of the
railroad Co hold their place-."
I think 1 can see Mr. Taylor 'chuck with
glee" at anything the railroad does not like.
And I am more than ever plea-ed to ascertain
hat I always thought) that there was a "pro
gramme understanding" between- Mr. Tar .or
on the on* hand and the railroad on the other,
and that Mr. Taylor and the appointed dele
gates expected to get th«? influence of Mr
spreckels "and also that of the railroad to
hold their places"; a ■• tint "it »a« with this
understanding that Taylor of Alamtrda sec
onded the nomination of bur. a Spreckebs
man, for chairman, and when later on the re
port of the Credentials Committee was sus
tained and the appointed delegates turned
doun they ,Mr Tavlor and his friend*) felt ■
little sore over the" treatment." And Mr. Tay
lor n > doubt did "get even' 1 wbei he "wrote
the anti-funding resolution snd gave it to his
friend Short of Fresno." "Consistency, where
is thy jewelrv?' Geoege C. 1'akdee. .
Oakland, M"ay 18. 1896.
The closing reference :o "consistency,"
quoted by Dr. Pardee, was OM I with great
effect by Mr. Taylor wnen opposing ±*ardee
at Sacramento. "
grand HOTEL.
J W Browning, Grnd lid Mrs R McQuiddy, La Gat
Mrs \V W SchDitz, Chco I K Bow me. Florida
C \V Rice, Chicago J J Dunn. California
J J hebbron, Salem W E Peck. Santa Cms
D C Clark, San a I ruz K X Br^en v w. .-almas
N P Justy, ire»no I A Crennan, >an:«Crux
J C Oalnes. Fresno K G Grant, San Jose
DrEC Dunn, Fresno ECM Reaves, Cal
DrTho* Flint, San Joan R T Mack. New York
MrjThca Klin;, Sn Jimn Mrs Bml h. Los Angeles
Mrs smith. Lot Angeles C L Murdel, Mint ea polls
Mrs Hixgins. Los Angela Jar::t-> Parkins r resno
Miss Hipgins, Oakland H McArthnr, Wala W.I*
Master -mlth, ls Angels B Scotield, Stanford
L A Atkins, Sacramento P seale, Stanford
Chaa 1 Atkins. >acm:o H T Page. Vacaviile
G P Johns & tin . Mass J C lice, Stockton
Miss Jones, Massacbitu W J Lorin?, Angls Camp
K •■■ Ashman, L* A amosi: H Bali, Angels Camp
I M Eugene, sau Jose V \V Clements, Chic©
L Miller Jt fmy, S;c».on G P Ph»-bbs <t w, Ls Anjt i
C M McLouih & w, >• v H J Smith £ son, Ls Ang
i L M Tyler, Portland A L V\ arden, Portland
F C den, san Diego F G Frost, Topeka
T B Frost. Topeka J T Johnson, S Barbara
Mrs M A Bennett. Cngo Mrs R D Mock. Chicago
'. B Mi;.. liollisier G Garibaldi. Merced
G D Dormin, t niton J \V Browning, Cal
J C Zuck. Gilroy F E Prn» a& m, San Jose
J Whalen. \\ atsonvllle E K Young <t w, Cal
M B Mapne*?n. Cal F M West, Stockton
FCC. ark, S E BSevins, Lklah
J Mono:: <t w, .-an Mateo N B Harold <fc c. Stockton
Mrs Dnnpb;. , San Mal<-o Cbas Dunphv. .San ilat-to
Ret* Dunpay. San Mateo C T Jones, ciacto
S M Carrineion, >ewvi!if R G Hart A xv, iiart
J W Wood, Swtetland H De Witt, Yrelca
P.USS HOCsE.
W B Brack, El Paso Air* T Farnsworth. Sycm
J \V S ut*-. Pa D L Co!*-, nf * d. Ill
Miss - ofleld, Conlterrll T S Davis, Coult«rrllle '
K M McArtLur A wf, F A Peatock, San Rafael
Mendocino J 11 iJliver A so, Grs Val
N Weatwotth.Georgetn L - Pond, Sal Juan
J M»:jiin. -in Jnan J J (juinn. Benicia
0 E Mathtson. . en!c:a W J Rater, Tkiah
W D McKlnnon, Kio V E >" Todd. Santa Cruz
Miss M Vaa Dosen, G 8 Irish, EULnore
Mendocino C 9 MeBIaali :.. rruckee
J Ilirsch. -New Orleans J' J Ganey, Realacds
G B --•:.. Santa Barb W 8 - -. Winters
F H Kos^. san Jose G W McCoy, «acto
j W Bell. Stockton T 1* J Garnet «fc wf,
W F .^chuyler. Colo . Wadsworth
J McAnhur. < al EM McGettigan, San
Mrs M I>edtburg, Santa Benito
Rosa "! M Burk, femin?
II i 1 Hagenbotbam, Stkn J P rtlalema:;. Lodl
i; W i r -«. Iowa Hill J Bandall, Martinez
B D Miller A w, Manner T C Cox, Columbia
W K Brown, Oakland J Black. Oakland
H 1' Van Waguin, Bkley W II Havord, Berkeley
! E Spencer, Sac;o H Hatl< :.. Ashland
i W J Vanpel. Ashland J McDanieis, Ashland
C A v.'itberlll <fc wf, San E V Spencer, Susan ville
Diego T Armstrong. - Cruz
J J Daly, Santa Croz Mi=s N Murphy, Mich
D M O'Snlllvan. Mich C D Murphy, Mich
F A Eessell <£ wf, 1:1 H C ;chuy"ltr. Colo 3png
PALACE HOTEL.
L D Jones. Chicago V Knott. Sionx City
C - Fay, >-am» Barbara . W K Pay son, Salem
If Maumberj,-, New York G F Brljrg?, New York
Lieut iH-.ano. CSS A Tirpitz, Germany
You Ammon, Kiel P Power, A.'atceJa
V D Black. Salinas M J Kelver, Detroit
M - Por.er. Stanford 0 1' Cutler, Stanford
\V Lnadstrom. *an Jose THo^klns.w & maid.Cal
it W Taft, tr.-sno F W Higgles <£ w, Portld
FT Way, Seattle \VJ Van sennyier. Portld
A J Koli, London Mrs J Bo. an « d, N Y
McryForbes.LosAnjelesG E Smiley, Denver
Miss H D Hayes. N J W F While. Chicago
J fc. O Breu, tan Diego Miss L K Hayes, >" J
Dr C 1 Hioott:, V S X EH KJuse, Germany
J W Hail, New York A X WasuburnA w.s Sing
Mrs II A Brown, Mass Nellie D Brown. Mass
Mr- B A i <-r^bri.rro.->k:a Miss M C chafer, Baltme
Mrs C %V P«T»ins,Ch«ster Miss M E Shauaaan.Bkln
Mrs J Mix, Albanv Miss it H Brewjter, Bost
A M Tneker, Cleveland J J Kirk, Plqua
U S Kurtz. Co'.urnbus Miss Ebersole, L Angeles
F P. Harper, -an Jos* A J Mezler, Astoria
P Blackman, Ch ca?o W H Allderice, V X
O R Young, salt Lake ■ 11 Hackett, Salt Lake
0 C Mel * w.-an Jose Dr LA Knopp w, Los A
T Addlson, .Berkeley F G Hume, Los Gates
P L Campbell, st Joseph
LiLK HOUSE.
A Clark, Forest II II J M I.v»ea.ia. Grs Vally
D K Cameron, H anford i. C Terry, Oayion
H II Franklin, > V EM Maddox, VIsalla
' '^i> t:.t»r»h. Brentwood >: A Hie?, >aa:a Cruz
I Gelbiruuk, Cal M Glass r. Cal
F Cunningham <fc wife, C tt'etmore. Crows Ldng
Uamord I Levy, Lower Lake
C H Key?. Pasadena Mrs .> F Picklf , sonora
MrsJ Wotfline. bonon T M Todd. Aubarn
G (i Bells, Spokane J bcbOfowHcta, Seattle
T M KIchardscn. Or C K Kost*r, - uh Bend
Mrs B Kt.y^.o.^i^. Portlnd J A Msv, Chicago
H H McPharren. Chicago \V B Kline. Mich
Q B (iris* old, Cal R Barcar, VacaviJIe
C M Laic man, Grass Vly DrSchurileff ~aa:a Rosa
T M Kell & w, Tut H T Soh.iman, X Y
H B Nichols, -elby G B KaizensteiD, Micto
II i" Maas!i<r. !. Boston M Bur.;. Doming
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F A Ryan, Sacramento H Ludder. >ansa'.l:o
W J Hopkins, Oakland F S Sprasue, Sac
a W BareLd, Cal 6 K Hahn, N Y
F \V Aniso. N Y B A-:> .:/ . St LoaU
Miss C I Swank, S Cruz C A Jones <£ w, Reno
T ilalles, Crockelt B W jlnsgrove, Hanford
R 8 Cautim, S Jose D E Johnson, Cblcago
W D Cnapman, Minn N O Bell. Londoa
E H BdwltB, Hi Louis J \V Gorlz, >* Y
W 1-' Koblnson. Ohio G W m i.h. Vallejo
Mis* B r>!t. Fresno li Miller. Sacramento
C P Norton, Woodland- Alias G Williams, Fresno
F A Layton, SeatUe 1' C Tavior. Poriiand
J B bcoit, Portland II ilanin. Portland
HKW WESTERN HOTKL.
E B Zib. Nebalexr G FTetor.lry, Nehalen
F Lackee, \V!s M A Hashes, \VU
'. C (.'ration, Humb~ldt M S Patricb. Cayug»
Mrs J iiro gh, (. ayj.-a L, I) Henry <t w*. Caynga
Mrs I" J Clark, Cayc;» 1) J Kroham, A!eatra«
T . runley. Alameda J K H- nxy, Springfield
\V }' arier. sp.ingfield B F Ba;d. > Barbara
O Wazner. Ohio W B I'.o> al. Ceres
J II M«*.lcboff, Fort Ross J Tyler, >icr»mfn:o
B 6'Jloolaban, Ireland J H S».o:t. Oakland
\V Brancb. Los Aoseles
1314
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
aistt In tli«* year.
BKAKCH OFFICES— 530 Montgomery etrwt
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opei
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.1516
An Aged Mexican Woman
Left Alone and
Dying.
DESERTED BY RELATIVES
Dona Garcia Left in Bed Four
Days Without Food or
Drink.
AN AKMY LASSIE RESCUES.
Flag of Blood and Fire Carries Conso
lation Into a Poverty Stricken
Abode.
One hundred and six years old, Mother
Garcia (Nicolini Garcia was her husband's
name) lies dying at her home at 536 Val
lejo street.
For three days past Mother Garcia's only
companion has been a big black cat with
sympathetic eves, which purrs and mews
confidingly when one chances to come into
the wretched room, and then flits away to
the further end of the apartment and rubs
its glossy back on the low bedstead when
the aged woman rests.
But for the ministering care of a Salva
tion Army lassie. Cadet Middleton, as she
is known, the centenarian would probably
now be registered at the Morgue as among
those who "died in bed."
Three days ago the case was reported to
the Salvation Army headquarters and
Cadet Middleton was at once detailed to
look into the matter.
"When I reached the wretched abode,"
she Baid yesterday, "I found tne poor
creature in a horrible condition. Every
window in the room was closed and, in
consequence, the air was foul and stifling.
Mother Garcia was scarcely breathing and
1 had no idea that she would survive the
day. I opened the windows, letting in the
pure, fresh air, and then with inuch diffi
culty forced several spoonfuls of beef tea
down her throat.
•'After a time she began to revive and
almost before I knew it she fired a volley of
Spanish at rue. Now I don't happen to
speak Spanish, but I knew just enough of
it to understand that she had something
of importance to say. I rushed out into
the yard and with some difficulty induced
a Spanish woman who spoke fairly pood
English to go with me and act as inter
preter.
"Through the interpreter Mother Garcia
informed me that she had been ill for two
weeks, and for four days not a particle of
food had passed her lips. How lone she
had been unconscious she could not tell,
but the last thing she remembered before
her eyes rested on me was the faithful
black cat keeping a silent vigil at the foot
of the bed."
A Call reporter visited Mrs. Garcia's
last night. In a little back room, yards
away from the Vallejo-street entrance, the
old woman was found. The first entrance
was up a pair of stairs, where a buxora
woman, with arms akimbo, stood guard.
''Right back there,"' she said pointing
with her hand to some vague spot in a
northerly direction.
"Kight back there" proved to be any
thing but an easy place to find. Follow
ing the passage, which turns three or four
times before ending anywhere, one finally
lands in a plank-covered yard. Up
another flight of stairs to a second yard,
and then a third pair of rickety braces to
a shed many leet higher than the street,
and one tiuds the home of the centenarian.
There are two rooms, but the first is less
of an apology than the one where Mrs. Gar
cia lies. Tins, cans and bottles, a broken
down bedstead, a rickety table, constitute
the principal furniture.
Mrs. Qarcia was born at Guaymas,
Mexico, 106 years ago, moving to San
Francisco when ihia City was still in its
infancy.
She has lived in her present home for
the last fourteen years. Up to two weeks ago
a nephew, now nearly 60 years old, lived
with her, but when she became too ill to
care for herself he deserted her,
The Salvation Army people will care for
her until the end cornea.
The Christian Endeavorers
Keeping Up Unbroken
Enthusiasm.
San Jose Delegates Were Given a
Cordial Reception on Their
Return.
Old Glory in the center, poppies on the
right, poppies on the left, poppies on the
pedestal; poppies on the babies, on the
maidens and on the boys, matrons and
bachelors alike. In fact, the Golden Gate
Union of the Christian Endeavor seemed
to have done nothing else other than to
strip the hills and valleys of California in
search of the State floral emblem— the
poppy. To such an extent had the collec
tion been gathered that the lecture-room
of the Third Congregational Church on Fif
teenth street looked more like fiesta than
an assemblage of earnest workers in the
endeavor to gather young souls into the
fold.
All this display with the nappy and
cheerful faces of those assembled last
night was for the purpose of extending a
welcome to the delegates from the Golden
Gate Union who attended the Stateicon
vention of Christian Endeavor at San Jose
last week.
The society of the Third Congregational
Church, not to be undone by any other
society, invited the delegates to their
church, there to congratulate them on the
good work accomplished for the cause for
which the Christian churches are now so
earnestly laboring.
After which William P. Clark, the presi
dent, invited the Rev. William Rader,
pastor of Third Congregational Church, to
extend a welcome on behalf of the churcti
ana congregation to the delegates.
This request was cheerfully complied
with, and a hearty welcome was extended
to all who participated in the labors of the
State convention, with the hope that the
delegates to the National Convention may
be successful in securing for San Francisco
the convention for 1897.
The following delegates, who were pres
ent, each came forward and gave their
views on the work of the convention:
Professor J. Wiles, president of Golden
Gate Union ; Miss Belle P. Nason, State
superintendent of junior work; Dr. Kelly;
Mjss Mindora Berry, superintendent of
missions in California; Miss Myrtle Simp
son, superintendent of junior work in San
Francisco; Mr. Haines, U. 8. steamer
Thetis; Mr. Gee Gam of the Chinese Con
gregational Mission; Mr. McKee of the
Pacific Coast Endeavor; Miss Faught of
Westminister Presbyterian Church.
After the speakers had concluded, the
Endeavorers resolved themselves into a
social Katherine, interspersed with music
and song by the following young ladies:
Solo, Mrs. H. C. Stadtfeld; duet. Miss Bryan
and Miss Cooley; solo. Miss Bryan; trio, Mr.
and Mrs. Stadtfeld and H. Hanlcv.
John Bradley, Deserted by HU Wife
and Out of Work, Killed Him*. -If
Yesterday.
John Bradley, about 50 years of age,
committed suicide yesterday in his room
at 208 Second Btreet by swallowing a dose
of arsenic.
Bradley was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and everything was done to save his
life, but the poison bad got in its deadly
work and he died in a few hours.
He admitted that he had taken the
poison with the intention of ending his
life. "I was out of work and despondent,"
he said, "and had nothing to live for. 1
was at one time a machinist in the fire de
partment in New York. I married a
woman of wealth and we came to this
City. I got employment in the Keystone
Foundry and worked there for someyears.
"My wife got tired of this place and
went East. Sue wrote me to come to her,
but I refused, and she got a divorce from
me and married again. I lost my job in
the foundry and since then have been
drifting around, getting a job where I
could. This morning I bought 10 cents'
worth of arsenic and swallowed it and
hope I will die."
His body was removed to the Morgue,
where an inquest will be held.
Balfe - Moore Club's Evening
With American Poets and
Composers.
Literary and Musical Treat Promised
for Next Friday Evening— The
Club's Ambition.
The Balfe- Moore Club has arranged for
"An Evening With American Poets ana
Composers," which promises to elevate
the club even beyond the high reputation
it attained through its first concert, "An
Evening With Irish Poets and Composers."
The organization has a laudable purpose
in view. Its enthusiastic members have
devoted much thought and unselfish en
deavors to assure the success of their
novel entertainments, which are not given
for gain, but that all who admire the Balfe-
Moore Club's ambition may profit by it.
At a meeting held Monday night, with
Thomas R. Bannerman, president, in the
chair, it was decided to have the night
with American authors and composers,
May 29, at Metropolitan Hall. A pro
gramme was then prepared and finally
accepted, with the strong belief that it
would be a musical and literary treat. No
expense was spared in securing talent and
in providing for the comfort of guests.
John McNaught has consented to deliver
an address on Longfellow. The musical
and literary selections are all fro^Ameri
can composers and writers as folios :
Introductory President T. R. Bannerman
Selections Beethoven Instrumental Quartet.
Messrs. Soloman, Kowalsky.Gwynn and liada
Tenor so:o, "The £ong of the Flag" (De Ko
von) David Manlioyd
Cello solo, selected A. Lada
Reading. ".Mlnnehaha" (Longfellow)
Miss R. Francis Lose
Vocal quartet, "Excelsior" (Longfellow)
D- Manlioyd. <3. V. Wood and others
Soprano solo, "The Bird From Over the Sea"
(White) Miss Anna Honey
The Plymouth Quartet, "The Bridge" (Long
fellow
Frank Coffin, D. M. Warde.G. A. Rice, C. Parent
Address (Longfellow) John McNaugh t
Beethoven Quartet Selected
Basso solo, "The Village Blacksmith" (Long
fellow; G. V. Wood
Violin solo, "Andante Allegro" (Gottscbalk)...
-A. solomau
Reading, "That Old Sweetheart of Mine"
(Junu-s Whitcomb Kilev) Frank MeGlynn
Contralto solo (a) '-HunsPt" (Dudley Buck), (b)
"Oh, Promise Me" (De Koven).".
Mrs. Kunice Westwater
Trio, "O Restless Sea" (White)
....Miss Anna Roney, I). Manlioyd G. V. Wood
"The Star Spanned Banner" Miss A nna Itouey
Supported by the orchestra and Plymouth
Quartet
8ydney Hopecraft Accompanist and director
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Programme Committee — Chairman, G. A.
Rice; Frank MeGlynn, Dr. J. I. Gallagher,
Thomas F. Doolan and I. I. Barrett.
Decoration— Chairman, Rev. D. O. Crowley;
Carl Eisenschimel and Dr. O. K. Steers.
Reception— Chairman, Dr. R. E. O'Connell;
John P. Dignan and Philip Bulger.
Invitation — Chairman, Rev. P. J. Cummins;
A. B. Maguire, J. A. Haran and E. McCoy.
Ushers— Chairman. Captain P. J. Dunne;
Thomas P. Crowley, P. J. Sullivau. I. P. Henry.
T. I. Lynch, A. J. McNeil. 1. I. Gildea, D. E.
Condon and Dr. Lagan.
Door— Chairman, George E. Gallagher; Wil
liam Swantoii, I. Donohue, T.M.Carroll and
Jerome Deasy.
Tickets can be had at Sherman & Clay's
or from T. J. Lynch. J. J. O'Brien's, Mar
ket street; George E. Gallagher, 820 Brod
erick street; G. E. Rice, The Maze, Market
street; J. Deasy, shoestore, Sixth street,
or from A. B. Maguire, Folsom street and
Twentieth, for 50 cents each. Reserved
seats can be secured at Sherman <fc Clay's
on May 27, 28 and 29 without extra charge.
This is to prevent a repetition of the over
crowding at the Jast concert. Only as
many tickets will be sold as there are seats
in the hall.
The statement that Mrs. Gordon occupied a
room in the Bell residence, where Frederick
Bell sustained such serious injuries, has been
found to be erroneous. She has lived with her
mother at 533 O'Farrell street for several
months i>a Q t, and wa« in no way connected
with the events in the Beil residence.
General R. H. Warfleld; commanding the
.•^•cond Brigade, N. G. C, has ordered a parade
of troops on Memorial day. Troop A, cavalry,
and Signal Corps, mounted, will act as escort
to the Grand Army of the Republic in San
Krancisco. The First Infantry is detailed to
act as escort to George H. Thomas Post.
• — « — •—
Officer* and members of the Grand Lodge
Knights of Pythias, the brigadier-general and
staff, die uniform rank and all other mem
bers of the order are requested to assemble at
Pythian Castle to-morrow evening to be
escorted to the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Peaceful Death of a Bril
liant and Eccentric
Writer.
IN HIS MANLY PRIME.
How He Won the Hearts of
Bandits Evans and Sontag
in Fresno.
SWAPPED SHOES WITH CHRIS.
Career of a Bohemian and an Epicnre
Whose Opinion Writers and
Cooks Alike Courted.
Henry Derby Bigelow, Bohemian, a
brilliant writer, a connoisseur of art and
literature, is no more.
He passed away in the prime of man-
hood, and died as he bad lived, with a
smile on his lins.
Genial "Petey" Bigelow, as be was
known to his friends, had a career of sun
shine and of shadow, but the pity of it
was that the shadow came after the sun
shine, the pain after the pleasure. He
knew not and cared not for the value of
money. It was made to spend in the com
pany of literary men, whose conversation
was as brilliant and as frothy as the wine
they drank. At one period of hid life, the
years during which his pen illuminated
the columns of the Examiner, he made
money fast and easily. He was a favorite
oi \V. R. Hearst, and it was often a source
of wonder to his fellow Bohemians how he
contrivei to draw salary and write so lit
tle. But when "Petey" did write it was
worth far more than he received for it.
He took a trip to Europe with Mr.
Hearst and gathered much valuable ma
terial for future articles. After jovial Kiiik
Kalakaua died Mr. Bi»elow accompanied
the remains to Honolulu and wrote a
graphic description of the funeral cere
monies. His interview with Queen Liliuo
kalani was a newspaper feat which gained
him much renown.
The best display of his fertility of resour
ces was made in the mountains of Fresno
County, whither he went to interview the
bandits, Chris Evans and John Sontag.
he found them eating dinner at a cabin
away up in tne chaparral. It was a dan
gerous experiment, for he ran the risk of
being shot by them as a detective or a spy.
Each bandit held a Winchester rifle, and
to avoid any misunderstanding they sat
him on the edge of the bed between
them and told him the story of what they
considered to be their wrongs. Bv the
breezy frankness of his manner, which
was not at all assumed, he completely
won their hearts and cemented their con
ridence by exchanging his hat and shoes
for those worn by Chris and by the liberal
donation of a $20 piece to the daring out
laws.
A Mercutio in temperament, Mr. Bige
low won all hearts by his hail-fellow-well
met manner. He loved company and
company loved him. To this faculty of
making fast friends of strangers he owed
much of his success as a newspaper writer.
Warm-hearted himself, his loss will be
mourned by many warm hearts, for ho was
a rare man, a genius in his way ana there
is no one left who can till his place.
By a peculiar coincidence his favorite
eating place the Franco-American restau
rant closed its doors and went out of exist
ence a few weeks ago, just about the time
that Mr. Bigelow's illness assumed a fatal
phase. This famous French restaurant
had been in existence for more than
twenty years on Merchant street, between
Montgomery and Sansome. Lately it was
removed to Montgomery street, between
Commercial and Clav, and a "to let" sign
darkens its dusty windows. There was
no better judge of a salad, a salmi, or a
civet, than Henry Bigeiow, and the swell
cooks of the swell clubs and restaurants
were happy when "Petey" praised their
work.
For some months he had been ailing
and in the early part of last April he was
persuaded by his friends to make a trip to
Vichy Springs In Mendocibo County. He
appeared to derive some benefit from his
rest there, but about a week ago he had a
relapse and was brought to this City and
taken to St. Luke's Hospital on Saturday
night. On Sunday and Monday with care
ful nursing he seemed to be much better
and on Monday afternoon conversed freely
with his friends and expressed a strong
hope of speedy recovery. At nudnuht,
however, he lapsed into a comatose condi
tion and at 7 o'clock yesterday morning
his friends were notified that the end was
near.
At 11 o'clock' Mrs. Bigelow and her two
boys, ag d 8 and 10 respectively, arrived
from Oakland, and a /ew minutes after
ward Mr. Bigelow regained consciousness.
He bad lost the power of articulation, how
ever, but readily recognized those around
him. He embraced the members of his
family and smiled for a few minutes and
then lapsed into unconsciousness, in which
condition he remained until 1:30 o'clock,
when he ceased to breathe.
Harry D. Bigelow was born on April 1,
18'J0, in Cincinnati, Ohio. He came to
Saa Francisco with his parents at an early
ace. He was married in Oakland about
twelve years aeo to Miss Zoe BayJiss.
The funeral will take place on Thursday
afternoon at 2 o'clock from the undertake
idr parlors of Gray <fe Son. The remains
will be interred in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Wong Sam, Chinese Interpreter, Will
Have to Answer Before the Su
perior Court.
Wong Sam, the Chinese interpreter, was
yesterday held by Judge Low to answer
before the Superior Court in $3000 bonds
on the charge of forgery.
The evidence showed that Lum Too was
a passenger on the Coptic from China.
Wong Sam approached Lum Too's friends
in Chinatown and told them he could get
him landed for $150, to be paid to a law
yer. They refused to give up such a laive
sum, but offered him $30. Wong got
angry and swore he would get even with
tnem, so he wrote a letter to Collector
Wise, to which he forged the name of the
Chinese interpreter in Los Angeles, stating
that Lum Too was not a merchant and the
men who were trying to land him were
highbinders. This was followed by an
other forged letter, both of which were
produced by Collector Wise, who said they
had largely been the means of Lum Too
being deported. The J udge considered the
evidence sufficient to hold the defendant.
A. Plerotich of This City Wanti a Share
of a Sacramento Estate.
August Plerotich of this City is the
nephew of Marco Maina, who died re
cently at Sacramento and Jeft an estate
valued at $50,000.
Tbeyoune man is the son of the de
ceased's sister and was educated by his
uncle at Santa Clara College. He was
treated with great liberality by the latter
during his life time, but the last will and
testament contains no mention of young
Pierotich's name, and he is about to bring
suii in contest of the will.
The property is valued at between $40,
000 and $o0,0u0. After providing $500 for
funeral expenses Maina bequatbs $2000 to
the Catholic Church o! Sacramento; to St.
Joseph's Convent of said city, $2000; to the
Catholic Church of Budua, Austria, $1000;
to the Greek Church of the same city,
$500.
The balance of the proceeds of the estate
are devised to the sister of the deceased,
Catherine Pierotich, of Budua, Austria;
Erema Maina, Constantinople, Turkey;
Anpelie Marincovich, Sacramento, ana
Tonia Bruhi^icti, Chicago.
Marco Maina arrived in Sacramento a
poor man thirty years ago and opened a
small restaurant. He was frugal and in
vested his savings in real estate. The
town grew and so did his riches.
He aid much for his nephew, and those
who know the family say that August
was not as grateful as he might have been.
However tnat may be the young man is
determined to get what he deems to be
his rightful portion of the $50,000 estate.
Judge Campbell Teaches a Young
Man a Valuable Life
time Lesson.
He Made Him Learn the Ten Com
mandments Before Dismissing
the Case Against Him.
Judge Campbell taught a young man a
lesson yesterday that showed wisdom on
his part and earned the applause of the
audience in the court.
John Muivaney, John Giblin, John
Walsh, Frank Hughes and John McLeod,
of whom Muivaney, who is 21, is the
oldest, were arrested on Sunday afternoon
on Dolores street, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third, for disturbing the
peace.
When they appeared before Judge
Campbell Monday morning, Policeman
Thompson, who made the arrest, said
Mulvauey was the ringleader and had
urged the others on in their effort to make
as much noise as possible.
The Judge discharged all the defend
ants except Mulvaney. "Now, Mulva
ney," said the Judge, "you have been
showing a bad example to these other
boys. You disturbed the peace and quiet
of that neighborhood, and it is evident to
me that you have no respect for the Sab
bath day. Do you know tne ten com
mandments?"
Mulvaney shook his head and the Judge
continued : "I don't want to punish you
and will give you a chance. If you learn
the ten commandments by to-morrow
morninc I wilt let you go. Meantime I
will suspend sentence till to-morrow."
Mulvaney was taken to the City Prison,
and Sergeant Lindheimer, on hearing of
the Judge's decree, hunted np an old
Bible and gave it to him. He did more.
He placed him in a cell witn Attorney
Hen Napthaly. who is waiting his trial on
a charge of malicious mischief.
Yesterday morning the court was
crowded, and when Mulvaney stood up
there was tne most intense excitement.
"Well, Mulvaney," said the Judge, "have
you learned the ten commandments? 1 '
'I have, yourHonor," replied Mulvaney.
"Let me hear you repeat them," said
the Judge.
Mulvaney started off and said them one
by one without a break.
"That's splendid," said the Judge.
"Now you live up to these commandments
and you will never be in prison again.
The charge against you is dismissed. By
the by, who was in the cell with you?"
"Judge Benjamin Franklin Napthaly,"
replied Mulvaney.
Judge Campbell smiled and remarked,
"I see, you have to thank Ben for coaching
you."
The hairs in the ear of a cat are so sen
sitive that if touched, aa with a pencil,
the animal shudders.
Two Thousand Men Wanted
to Mob a Castro-
Street Car.
ONE MAN BEGAN THE FUN
He Insisted Upon Riding on
a Regularly Obtained
Check.
HE WOULD NOT BE PUT OFF.
An Angry Crowd Assaulted the Rail
road Men and Helped the
Passenger.
The unpopularity of Manager Vining of
the Market-street cable system and of li is
recently imposed transfer method were
amply demonstrated at 7:15 o'clock last
evening when a crowd of 2000 people, men,
women and boys were about ready to over
turn car No. 125 of the Castro-street line.
A hardy and determined young man re
ceived a check from- a Powell-street car
conductor, but neglected to change the
check for a transfer from the agent at the
corner of Market and Eddy streets.
He boarded the dummy of the Castro
street car outward bound. The conductor
reached him in due time as he was calmly
enjoying his cigar.
"Fare, please," was asked and the
check was proferred.
"This won't do," stated the conductor.
"It's a check. You should have got a
transfer for it from the agent."
This appeared to be Greek to the passen
ger, who looked about for information*
while the conductor moved along to the
others.
Returning, Mr. Vining's employe again
acco-ted the man with the check.
"That's all you'll get from me," said the
passenger. "I paid 5 cents for this on
Powell street ana 111 not pay again."
Matters were beginning to get interest
ing, and the words of approval on all sides
encouraged the young man to be resolute.
"You'll hare to pay or get off," threat
eningly sDoke the conductor, little dream
ing that he was entering into what
eventually terminated in the biggest row
lie ever got into.
"I'll do neither," declared the passen
g'T," "and you'll have a healthy time put
ting me off. You'd better not try it.''
The conductor stopped the car shortly
before Sixth street was reached and with
the assistance of a burly gripman essayed
to put the man off the car.
It was two to one at first, and the one
managed to hold on with a grip that the
two could not oreak.
Other cars and other conductors came
along, and in a little while a dozen uni
formed minions of Vining's were piling
on the one passenger.
Then the bold American spirit of the
other passengers who had remained idle
all this time boiled over and they took a
hand in the trouble. Some pushed the
conductors away, while others held on
and assisted the young passenger.
The people on tlie street began to gather
from all sides and a yellinp mob soon
formed about the car. Twenty cars were
delaj-ed, people from the housetop?
and windows, where a good view of the
trouble could be seen, shouted with the
others.
"Hold on I" shouted some.
"Don't let them put you off!" yelled
others.
"Good boy I Stick to them!"
Then some one in the crowd suggested
that the car be turned over, and in a
moment the mob pressed forward shouting :
"Down witn Vining!"
Never since the Kearney riots na3 a mob
shown such earnestness.
Ladies and children in the Castro-street
car fled as best they could, and for a mo
ment it really looked as if some damage
would be done.
In the meantime the passenger held on
to his check, and fought bravely to retain
his position on the dummy.
The crowd helped him and so often he
would be jerked away by the gripmen so
often would the dubo get him back.
Two police officers came into the crowd
and were buffeted about like shuttle-cocKs.
They were utterly powerless against the
mass, which was steadily growing larger
and more threatening.
"Mob them!" "Kill them!" "Hang
Vining I" could be heard on all sides.
At this juncture the gripman and the
conductor decided it best to leave the pas
senger have his own way.
They rang up, and the passenger, red
faced and perspiring from the battle he
had just been through, rode away unmo
lested any further.
He was cheered to the echo by a thou
sand voices, while another thousand hissed
the conductor, gripman and Manager
vining.
Members of the Manufacturers' Asso
ciation Make an Inspection at Baden.
At the last meeting of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association, an invitation
was received from the Western Meat Com
pany to inspect its possessions at Baden.
The board decided that as an organiza
tion the association could not accept the in
vitation but that there was nothing to
hinder the members from goii.g as in
dividuals.
Yesterday, a party consisting of L. R.
Mead, W. F. Bowers, A. McLaughlin, A.
"Shirboro, J. W. Kerr, D. J. O'Leary, S. H
Tracy, Fred H. Dingle, L. Hough, J. P
Curren, E. It. Lillienthal, H. J. Crocker
and W. J. Martin, went to Baden on a tour
of interest, as they called it. The party
spent four hours, and inspected the pack
ing-house, the plant, South San Francisco
Company's grounds, the Wallace brick
plant, the water-works system, the railroad
system, pottery works and other interest
ing features.
Before returning to the City the guests
went to W. J. Martin's residence ana par
took of a fine lunch. The party was well
pleased with the trip.
H. S. Stedman, secretary and manager of the
Zeno Mauvais Music Company, which won Its
suit against Broder & Schlam over "Ma Ange
line" song, stated yesterday that the song is
not vulgar and that the Judge did not speak
of it as such. He also said that his company
had seventy-five affidavits from well-known
and reputable men that they had heard "Ma
Angeline" sung in the Palace of Black Art, the
Coney Island Lunch-counter Pavilion, the '49
Camp in the Midwinter Fair in 1894, and also
from four people who had heard it sung at 277
Mason street in March, 1893. This was before
the other song was published. His company
will continue to sell "Ma Angeline."
When Baby was sick, we gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria,