VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 41.
BAKER'S WARNING
TO ALL RATIONS
Any Extension of Territory
to Be Regarded as an
Unfriendly Act.
WAR TALK IS RESUMED,
Resolution of Inquiry Relating to
the Advancement of the Brit
ish Outposts.
ENGLAND'S PROMPT DENIAL.
Caracas Newspapers Demand That
Venezuela Send Troops to the
Guiana Frontier.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 9. — The
House bond bill 'with the free roinage sub
stitute for it reported from the Committee
on Fin.ince was to have engaged the atten
tion of the Senate to-day, but a half- hour
speech by Baker (R.) of Kansas in favor of
an application of the Monroe doctrine and
an hour and three-quarters speech by
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada on the financial
question prevented the taking up of the
bond bill until ?o iate an hour that Jones
(D.) of Arkansas preferred to withhold his
opening speech upor. it till to-morrow.
Baker's speech (his first in the Senate
Chamber) had for its text and groundwork
a joint resolution introduced by him de
claring that the extension by any Euro
pean power of its territorial limits on the
Western Hemisphere, wnether by war,
treaty, purchase or otherwise, without the
consent of the United States, will be re
ias an unfriendly act. In his speech
he declared that that position would be
maintained by war if necessary. The
joint resolution was referred to the Com
miitee on Foreign Relation*.
The presentation by Cnllom (R.) of
Illinois of a petition from Chicago on the
subject of naphtha launches was the origin
of a colloquy among Senators, in the
of which Frye (R.) of Maine, chair
man of the Committee on Commerce, to
which the petition was referred, stated
that he had no idea that the committee
would report a bill to bring small naphtha
launches within the requirements of the
::g law as to lights, boats, inspection
of boilers, etc., but that it would report a
b:!l to bring within the requirements of
the iaw naphtha launches engaged in the
transportation of passengers or freight.
\ i as (D.) of Wisconsin introduced a
bill, which wa? referred to the Judiciary
Committee, withdrawing from tbe Su
preme Court of the United States jurisdic
tion of criminal cases not capital and to
transfer them to the United States Court
of Appeals.
In presenting sorre petitions, some favor
ing appropriations for coast defenses.
Daniel (D.) of Virginia expressed the
opinion that tne public apprehensions as
to the danger of the bombardment of
American seaports were overstrained, but
he also expressed the hope that the coun
try would prepare itself for whatever
emergencies might happen. He favored
the passage of Squire's fortification bill.
Chandler (R.)of New Hampshire offered
a resolution, which was agreed to, instruct
ing the Committee on Immigration to in
quire whether legislation is necessary to
prevent the introduction into the United
States of »Hens imprisoned in penal insti
tutions of European nations established in
their American possessions.
Baker (R,) of Kansas introduced tbe fol
lowing joint resolution and addressed the
Senate in support of it :
Rctolicd, That the United States of America
will regard it as an unfriendly act for any for
eign power without our consent, by war,
treaty, purchase or otherwise, to extend its
territorial limits in the \W>.-..,- n Hemisphere
on either of the American continents, or to or
over any of the Islands sdjacen i thereto which
this country deems necessary or proper for its
►elf-preservation. And the United States of
America reserves the right to be the sole judge
of this necessity.
Revived, That the principle herein enunci
ated is founded upon the law ot seli-preserva
tion, which from necessity adheres In and
belongs to every civilized nation as a sover
eign and inalienable right; and this principle
is attested by Washington's farewell address
and President Monroe's ever memorable mes
sage of December 2, 1823.
In closing his speech, the first made by
him in the Senate, Baker declared that the
United States would maintain the position
announced in his resolution by war, if
necessary, in order that peace might come.
"We shall not, he said, "invite or pro
voke war. The justice of our cause will
challenge and command the admiration
of the civilized world ; but if it does come,
we will triumph in a cause which history
will bles?. and when the shock of fierce
iing armies shall be heard no more,
then we shall behold greater America!
united, prosperous and free, still the won
der and marvel of the worM, matchless
uiconquerable."
The joint resolution was sent to the
tttee on Foreign Relations.
At ir> Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada took
! addressed the Senate on the
financial question in general, but par
ticularly on the Elkins and Butler resolu
forbidding the issue of bonds under
private contract. Stewart sharply criticized
the proposal for a popular loan, and said
that bonds had been offered under impos
sible conditions. Htewart ridiculed the
emergency tariff bill as something got up
by the politicians to distract the people, to
muddy tl, (: waters; and he declared that
no amount of trade protection would do
the country any good until silver was ad
mitted to the mints on the same terms as
Bold. The people were crying for work,
not for charity.
"Give the people money," he cried,
"start the wheels of industry, and they
will accumulate wealth beyond parallel."
Stewart spoke for an hour and three
quartera,and then on motion of Jones (D.)
oi Avka-.sas, the public bond bill with the
ver substitute, reported from the
Fiuance Committee, was taken up.
Chandler (K.) of Kew Hampshire asked
The San Francisco Call.
Jones wnether he would not prefer to
make his openinc speech in favor of the
substitute to-morrow.
Jones admitted that he would, with the
understanding that the bill shall come up
to-morrow as the unfinished business.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to ex
ecutive business. At 4:10 the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
JIDVA If CM O X OUTPOSTS.
Livingston Introduce* a Pointed Reso
lution in the House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 9.— For some
reason not apparent en the surface, the
Committee on Kulos did not to-day report
the changes it proposed to make in the
code of the Fifty-first Congress, under
which the House has so far been operating,
although their work has been completed
and is in print. Henderson (R.) of lowa
gave notice that he would make the report
to-morrow.
Livingston (D.) of Georgia asked unani
mous consent for the consideration of the
following concurrent resolution:
Thßt the President of the United States is
hereby requested to forthwith ascertain
■whether Great Britain Is advancing her out
posts on the territory in dispute between her
colony of British Guiana and the republic of
Venezuela, or is re-enforcing posts heretofore
established with troops, police or ordnance,
and should the President become cognizant of
the fact that a British military or police force
is advancing to invade or re-enforce, or since
ihe 17th day of December last has invaded or
re-enforced posts formerly occupied within said
disputed territory, he demand the immediate
withdrawal of said soldiers and the reduction
of the police force in said territory to a not
greater number than occupied the British out
post on the aioresaid 17th day oi December
1895.
Boutelle (R.) of Maine objected and the
resolution went to the Committee on For
eign Affairs.
Henderson (R.) of lowa Btated that the
Committee on Rules had concluded its
work and would report the new rules to
the House to-morrow for its consideration.
Rising to a question of privilege Bruram
(R.) of Pennsylvania read from a Philadel
phia paper an analysis by its Washington
correspondent of the House vote on the
bond bill, in which it was said that Brurum
was not present and tie was classed as a
dodger. Brumm explained that he had
been called away suddenly that day by a
telegram announcing the probable fatal
illness of his son, hence his failure to vote.
Blue (R.) of Kansas, from the Commit
tee on Appropriations, reported the gen
eral pension bill for the year ending June
30, 1597, and gave notice that he would call
it up after the report of the Committee on
Rules had been disposed of to-morrow.
At 12:25 o'clock the House adjourned
until to-morrow.
HEXIED BI THE EXGLISH.
Troopg and Cannon Have Xot Been
Landed at Cuyuni.
LONDON, E.nt,., Jan. 9.— The Colonial
Office has issued a note declaring that the
statement printed in a New York news
paper to-day, in an alleged cable dispatch
froin^ Caracas, Venezuela, that British
troop* and cannon have arrived atCuyuni,
is absolutely unfounded.
JUST SEXD OUT TROOPS.
Tigorous Demand Made on the Vene
zuelan Government.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9.-A cable dis
patch to the Mail and Express from Car
acas, Venezuela, says:
The newspapers of Caracas this after
noon demand that the Government shall
send troops to the Guiana frontier imme
diately.
THE TtASGKR GROfTIXG.
England Advised to Stern the Difficulty '
at Once.
LONDON, E.\-g., Jan. 9.— The Times, j
dwelling upon the many dangerous ele- j
ments which tend to make the Anglo-
American situation still serious, this morn
ing refers to George Smalley's renewed
plea for the fullest and earliest disclosure j
of the English case in regard to the Vene- \
zuelan frontier dispute, and continues:
"It is impossible not to acknowledge the
force of the contention, and really, if no
more serious obstacle to the course he ad- !
vocates exists than the technical rule as j
to the publication of official documents, \
the sooner some ingenious method of pro- i
pitiating the goddess of red tape is hit upon j
the better."
The paper urges the Ministers toacceler- |
Iti^rot^S^nin^!^ n«T^°? "^ gl °b< n at which «* is possible greater events may occur in the near future than at Delagoa Bay, on the east coast of Africa
SlSS^K^^SS^^^S^r^S^*l^^ I*^1*^ their troops there, and if this is done it is asserted England will immediately dec are waV
i.?, 1• Vi! 7- %i the meantime the British Cabinet is preparing to dispatch a powerful armament to that point, while the transports which are to be hurried from
India to the Cape of Good Hope can be stopped at Delagoa Bay and the troops disembarked. If, therefore, all the startling reports nowcurrent shouW eventuate in w
h^v PI; C h" yCar may T S a n^' al battle at r Dela B°a Bay which has had no parallel since the famous fight at Aboukir, nearly a century ago. Dela4a situated on the
; f th sssafe5 ssafem f c namc ' 1S the most ""Portant of the Portuguese settlements on the East Coast. It is the natural outlet of the Transvaal region, andlarailroad I fa now in
Portu^ JZ 21.1T n°J? « g lt at^ret^ m Wlth the main trunk line Which runS thro the interior to Cape Town. Although GreatßritaiS holds^ guaranteesThaJ
frmn wh ath r m V, elaß ,° a Bay Wlth? ut h? r conse nt, in case of hostilities it is not probable that Germany would hesitate to occupy it, if she were able? The sketch
from which "The Call's picture is reproduced was made at Delagoa in 1884 by Joseph A. Harrington, an artist well known in San Francisco. ™T^ SkeUh
■ ' . ■' ■ ' ' ' ■ ■ ■ ■ . ■•-■;-.•■ - ■ .
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 1896.
DEMOCRACY, PAST AND PRESENT.
Cleveland —We should have a mutual pleasure in Flower's prophecy, "The people will yet
salute Grover Cleveland as they now salute Andrew Jackson."
Andrew Jackson — Humph !
ate the preparation of the necessary docu
ments and concludes its article thus:
"We should, regardless of precedents,
set out our case fairly before the worla.
We firmly believe that it is a good case,
and, that if produced before passion gets
the upner hands of judgment, will be re
ceived in a fair and amicable spirit. But
the danger is a growing dancer, and if it
is to be stemmed successfully must be
stemmed at once."
ALL. FOR ARBITRATIOX.
Correspondent Korman Obtain* the View
of Stutettnen.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 9.-Henry
Norman, the special correspondent of the
London Chronicle, cables his paper to-day
as follows:
"The sentiment for arbitration is a ball
wbich once set rolling among a civilized
people cannot be stopped. I take it for
granted that in some manner arbitration
in the Venezuelan dispute is now certain.
Therefore my work here is done. But
that this temporary evil may prove the
germ of a great >;ood. I have desired to
add a fresh impetus to the wider move
ment. Now President Cleveland and Mr.
Olney preserve absolute silence, deeming
their official positions incompatible with
unofficial speech.
"Who, after them, represents the
weightiest influence on American foreign
affairs? Obviously the members of the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
and the House Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Accordingly I have been at pains
to-day to learn the opinions of these gen
tlemen, and the results I have obtained
will, I feel assured, be equally gratifying
and potent in England. One member of
the Senate committee— Roger Q. Mills of
THE CITY OF DELAGOA AND THE BAY.
! Texas— l was unable to find; but,
with this single exception, I can pre
sent you with the views of the entire
committee.
"To each member I put this question:
'Would it, in your opinion, De well for the
Governments of the United t-tates and
Great Britain to endeavor to agree upon
the constitution of a permanent court or
tribunal of arbitration to wuich all ques
tions at issue be'w— > the two Govern
ments, not involving .lationai autonomy,
or honor, should be submitted for decision
when diplomatic negotiations fail?'
"First of course, I called upon Senator
Sherman, the veteran chairman of the
Senate Committee, a man whose career
( and personality have won the profoundest
' regard of bia fellow-citizens, and whose
! words shouid receive deep respect in Eng
land. He replied: 'Yes, you may quote
me as strongly as you like in an aflimative
reply. 1
"When I requested his own words for
publication, he said: 'I am in favor of
the principle of arbitration for all questions
that, do not involve the autonomy of either
of the two countries. I hope that the two
Governments will agree upon such a mode
of settlement for all controversies.'
"Senator Sherman added that in his
opinion Parliament should pass a resolu
tion requiring the Ministry to take steps
in that direction. Then, in turn, I called
upon every member of the committee.
The following opinions wcrp given me by
each, with authority to publish them:
Senator William P. Frye of Maine:
'Two Christian nations so closely allied
and speaking the same language surely
ought not to resort to arms for the settle
ment of any differences involving any
thing less than their sacred national
honor. lam decidedly in favor of arbi
tration.'
"Senator C. K. Davis: 'I should approve
of a convention between the two countries
to the effect that all controversies not in
volving the honor of either or the estab
lished policy of either should be referred
to a tribunal of arbitration, to be consti
tuted by the parties as the controversies
arise so far as the personnel of that trib
unal is concerned, the convention provid
ing, in a general way, that such tribunals
should be established for each particular
case, as the occasion for it might present
itself.'
' 'Senator Don Cameron of Pennsylvania :
'The principle of arbitration is both wise
and humane, and the adoption of it by
the two great English-speaking nations of
the world would have great influence upon
other civilized nations. It would be well
:at,in:s particular time ior both America
and England to consider the subject seri
ously and practically, and I hope this will
' be done.'
"Senator Shelby M. Cullom: 'The time
has come in the history of the world when
! great nations should settle all contro
versies between them by arbitration and
| not by war. I should rejoice if practical
j steps were taken by both Governments to
; this end.'
"Senator Henry Cabot Lodge: 'I am of
course in favor of settling the Venezuelan
question by arbitration and believe equally
' that all questions which can properly be
| disposed of by arbitration should be dealt
I with in that way by two such nations as
the United States and Great Britain, and
, if possible by some general arrangement.'
"All the foregoing are Republicans; the
| following are Democrats. Senator John
|T. Morgan of Alabama: 'I am in favor of
the principle of international arbitration
in the settlement of disputes that properly
i fall within the purview of that method of
settlement.
"I am in favor of the organization by
consent of what I may call the Christian
powers and of all other powers that ran be
i induced to enter into the agreement of a
| court or board of arbitration to whom the
j Governments would agree that questions
of this sort indicated should be submitted
! after the failure of diplomatic efforts to
settle them, the personnel of such a board
to be selected on each occasion that arises
\ by agreement between the two contending
powers, and failing at such agreement they
i siiould agree upon a neutral power, with
j authority to name the members of the
j board.'
"Senator George Gray of Delaware re
ferred me to bis words which I recently
cabled as covering the question, adding
the assurance of his entire sympathy.
"Senator David Turpie of Indiana: 'I
think the constitution of a tribunal mutu
ally appointed and agreed upon by the
Governments of the United States and
Great Britain, to which disputed questions
between the two powers other than those
relating to their autonomy and national
sovereignty would be of great service, not
only to the two nations interested, but
also that mankind would accept such
action as a model to be followed and
example to be imitated.'
Senator John W. Daniel of Virginia: 'I
would regard it as a great achievement
and in harmony with the aspirations of
the two peoples, their mutual interests
and their closer friendship. All my mind
goes forward to the belief that it would be
well to create such a machine.'
"Except for the accidental absence of
Senator Mills the foregoing are the senti
ments of the entire Senate committee.
"The House Committee on Foreign Af
fairs consists of nine Republicans and six
Democrats. The time at my disposal, the
House having adjourned early, did not
permit me to see each member personally.
Robert R. Hitt of Illinois, the chairman,
is a veteran diplomatist, having been sec
retary of the American embassy in Paris
and for years the Assistant Secretary of
State here. I found him most sympa
thetic. Replying to the foregoing ques
tion, he said: 'It would be the best thing
they could do for the two nations ard for
mankind, and it should, if possible, be
made to imply, if not pledge, their en
deavor to settle all the disputes they have,
not only with one another but. with all
other but with all other nations.'
"I asked him if I might regard him as
expressing the sentiment of the commit
tee, and he said: 'Not onl}' of the com
mittee but of the whole House of Repre
sentatives. For the wise search for right
results we are agreed here. 1
"He told me also how General Grant, the
greatest righting President America ever
had, and whom he accompanied officially
during his European trip, never lost an
opportunity to urge crowned heads and
Prime Ministers to adopt arbitration in
stead of war. President Grant was keenly
interested in the treaty of Washington of
1871, by which all outstanding differences
were arbitrated, and it was chiefly owing
to his zeal that this treaty was brought
about.
"Tne foregoing represents the weightiest
and most important body of opinion that
could possibly be secured in the United
States. In it there is not a single dissent
ing voice. And these are the men to
whose consideration any question between
England and America would be first sub
mitted, and by whose decision the Senate
and House would probably bo guided. It
is impossible to believe that British senti
ment will not be moved to respond to such
rrmarkable unanimity and such en
lightened utterances. If not then the
world will see that America is ahead of
England in the most striking character
istics of a civilized people.
"I must add that the expression of
opinion at the Capitol toward the Chron
icle's work in explaining American senti
ment were of such a cordial nature that
you would not desire me to publicly re
peat them.
"It is cabled to-day tkat the British
Guiana police have occupied the extreme
limits of the territory claimed by Venez
uela. The American Government has
brought heavy pressure to bear to prevent
the Venezuelan Government from com
mitting any overt act and thus precipitat
ing a hostile situation. Therefore it is im
peratively necessary that the British Gov
ernment instantly deny and repudiate
such a monstrous and fatal act as the
armed occupation of territory while the
question of arbitration is pending. My
work here is done. I propose to leave
Washington at once. Tie Sehomburg
line is now abandoned. The English pub
lic, understanilin the American attitude,
has changed its own attitude, and nothing
blocks the way to a prompt settlement,
not only of the Venezuelan, but of all other
matters — and they are numerous — now
pending and creating international discord,
and thereby placing our relations upon an
amicable footing for the future.
"My last words shall be, and they must
surely express British no less than Ameri
can sentiment, that the nation desiring
Continued on Third Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CLAMOR FOR WAR
AGAINST GERMANY
An Increased Bitterness Is
Displayed by Some
Britons.
AFRICAN SUZERAINTY.
Demand That England Assert
Herself and Stop Further
Interference.
NAVAL PREPARATION PEOCEEDS
Instructions for Ccmmissioning of Tor«
pedo-Destroyers and Mobilization
of Land Forces.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 9.— Dispatches
from Cape Colony continue to dribble in,
but the freshest of them received to-day
was two days old, showing that the tele
graph and cable companies are either
clearing up the accumulation of old busi
ness, or that the Government still refuses
to allow the transmission of news dis«
patches.
Much interest is manifested here in the
receipt of intelligence that will show the
attitude of the Hon. Cecil Rhodes, lately
Prime Minister of Cape Colony, who is
strongly suspected of having much to do
with the dispatch of Dr. Jameson's force
to the Transvaal. But until the normal
condition of the telegraphic service is re
sumed, nothing on this point can be stated
definitely, and nothing but speculation
canjbe indulged in.
On the Continent it is openly charged
that not only was Mr. Rhodes fully cog
nizant of the movements of Dr. Jameson,
but that the British Government was also
aware of what was going on. Had the
raid been successful Great Britain, accord
ing to the belief in Europe, would have
stepped in and occupied the country,
ostensibly to protect her subjects, but
really to establish an occupation similar
to that in Egypt, which is tantamount to
the annexation of the country. Aa the
raid resulted in a most miserable fiasco the
British Government is accused of attempt
ing to forestall condemnation by emphat
ically denying any prior knowledge of the
matter and of taking measures to prevent
the departure of the expedition after it
knew it had departed ana nad resulted in
a failure. Of course, these statements are
denied here, and the Government news
papers insist that Mr. Chamberlain, the
Colonial Secretary, has acted throughout
with clean hands.
At any rate it can be said, so far as the
Transvaal is concerned, that the Govern
ment had done everything in its power to
prevent the raid from affecting any more
than possible the relations between Great
Britain and the South African republic.
But that the troubles have affected the
British foreign relations, more particularly
those with Germany, there is no denial.
Since the fact became known that Em
peror William had, before the Jameson
raid, decided to intervene in the Transvaal
the feeling against Germany has greatly
increased in bitterness. The naval prep
arations now being made meet with the
fullest popular approval, and the more
fiery among those who are in favor of war
declare that the time has come for Great
.Britain to assert herself in her might and
teach Germany that she will brook no
interference with her suzerainty in the
Transvaal.
Those of calmer blood hold that court
interference against any hostility toward
Germany will be sufficiently powerful to
prevent an outbreak, but court interference
does not and cannot control the popular
demand, which is decidedly in favor of
warfare.
A dispassionate view of the situation
leads to the belief, however, that the ex
citement will soon die away and matterg
resume their normal condition.
Tne naval preparations, however, are
proceeding apace. In addition to the
flying squadron, which has been ordered
to be put in readiness, instructions were
issued to-day for the immediate commis
sioning of twenty torpedo-destroyers.
All these preparations, together with the
mobilization of the land forces, do not
necessarily mean that there will b« war.
In well-informed circles it is believed that
they simply mean that the Government is
on the alert against any emergency that
may arise, and, should conditions demand
it, it will be ready to strike a swift blow
against any enemy.
The best criterion of the situation is to
be found at the Stock Exchange, where
the tone and prices respond to every touch
of fear or hope. This morning the mar
kets displayed a sanguine tone and consols
advanced from yesterday's closing prices.
Later there was a slight decline, but on
the whole there was an advance as com
pared with the values of yesterday.
Altogether it can be said that there ap
pears to bean improvement in the situa
tion, and unless new and unforeseen^dira-
culties arise it is thoug ht the pending
questions will be settled diplomatically
and not by war.
Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State
for the Colonies, nas sent the following
telegram to President Krueger of the South
African republic:
"I have received the command of the
Queen to acquaint you with the fact that
her Majesty has heard with satisfaction
that you have decided to hand over Dr.
Jameson and the other prisoners to the
British authorities. This act will redound
to your credit and your honor, and con
duce to the peace of South Africa. The
harmonious co-operation of the British
and Dutch races is necessary to South Afri
ca's future development and prosperity."
THE jFX YIXQ SQUADS
Vessels to Assemble at Portsmouth for
I'inal Orders.
LONDON, E.vc, Jan. 9.— The flying
squadron, composed of the battle-ships
Royal Oak and Revenge and the cruisers
.Gibraltar. Hermione, Charjbdia and»2
Thesus. which is now fitting out, will, j
when all preparations are complete, as
semble at Portsmouth for final orders.
The Admiralty has ordered the Devon
port dockyard to out mx of the swiftest j
torpedo-destroyers intocommission and get j
thorn in readiness to join the Hying squad
ron at Portsmouth on January 14
In addition to the mx fast torpedo-dc- \
stroyers ordered to be got in readiness, the j
Admiralty has sent orders to other yards |
requiring six other boats of the same class i
to be put into commission as quickly as pos- j
sible, and have also ordered twenty tor- j
pedo-destroyers to be put iv commission I
immediately.
I.\DEX-\ /11 DEM ASHED. j
President Krueger Said to Ash Rig ■
Damages for the Raid.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 9.-r-It was reported j
on the Stock Exchange to-day that Presi
dent Krueger of the Transvaal Republic
has made a claim of £500,000 sterling in
demnity from the British South Africa
Company for the damage inflicted by
Dr. Jamesons raid into the Transvaal.
ESG L AMD'S 18 OLA TIOX.
It Would Re Exhibited in the Event
of War.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 9.—
The Novoe Vremya in an article discussing
the Transvaal situation says:
"The attitude of the British Government
press seems to be rather an attempt to in
timidate Germany than a serious inten
tion to po to war. The Transvaal question
will only acquire serious importance if
fresh developments occur which force the
German Emperor to act in conformity
with his message to President Krueger.
In that event the complete isolation of
England, which is bo menacing to her po
sition in Egypt, would be fully exhibited."
PORTUGAL IS XEUTRAT..
May y'ot Permit the Landing of Troops at
Delagoa Hay.
LISBON, Pokti-gal, Jan. 9.— A dispatch
SOUTH AFRICA, SHOWING THE TRANSVAAL, ORANGE FREE STATE AND CAPE COLONY.
Reproduced from a British Government map.]
from Lorenzo Marques, Portuguese South
Africa, says that the British gunboat
Thrush and the German cruiser Seeadler
are now in Pelagoa Bay. It is reported
that the Government of Portugal has de
cided to remain absolutely neutral in the
disputes between Germany and England
regarding the South African republic, per
mitting neither to land troops at Delagoa
Bay or to march them across Portuguese
South African territory.
ARMF.D HOURS IMPATIENT.
Only Two Thousand Hand Men Yield Vp
Weapons.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 9.— A dispatch
from Pretoria cays: The Government is
discontented at the reluctance displayed
by the Rand men to disarm. Thirty
thousand of the latter have been armed
and only 2000 men have yielded up their
weapons. The armed Boers in the field
are also impatient.
The Boer leaders have the utmost diffi
culty in restraining their men and the sit
uation at Johannesburg is critical. A
proclamation has just been issued calling
upon all the Rand men to disarm before ii
o'clock on Friday evening on pain of pros
ecution. Those complying will be par
doned, except the leaders of the revolt.
There is a feeling here that the Rhodes
charter will be canceled to prevent further
disorders.
A Johannesburg dispatch to the Times
confirms the report that sympathy with
Dr. Jameson makes the U itlanders re
luctant to disarm, but as it is estimated
that there are 20,000 armed Boers around
the town there is no fear of further rebel
lion. "The shops are reopening," con
tinues the Times' dispatch, "and business
is resuming its normal course."
MAKIXG A. GREAT SHOW.
But England's I'reparatlon* Do Xot Jtis
tnrb Germany.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9.— A special
cable to the Sun from London says:
Great Britain has determined to make
the greatest display of fighting power the
world has ever seen. The fleet will be the
strongest ever assembled under one flag.
Its full composition is not known, but
already seventeen battle-ships or cruisers
and sixteen torpedo-boat catchers have
been ordered to join it. The purpose of
this demonstration may be to resent Em
peror William's recent action or may be a
declaration of England's "come one, "come
all" defiance against the world. It is a
measure which may work for peace or it
may work for war.
Conservative men still regard the mobil
ization of this great fleet as a precaution
ary and political measure rather than es a
war! measure. Germany herself so re
gards it, for the news of its preparation
has not created the sensation in that coun
try it would have otherwise done. It is
doubtful, however, if each day's addition
to the extensive war preparations being
made by Great Britain will any longer be
received with equanimity by the continen
tal countries.
It is now known that orders have been
given to the British naval stations for the
instant equipment for sea of a large num
ber of warships which would not other
wise be read}' for service until .spring.
Every available man in the construction
departments of the great naval stations at
Portsmouth, Chatham and Sheerness is
employed every hour he is able to
work. This, of course, indicates more than
a mere intention to demonstrate by a
naval display England's power and invul
nerability.
TAKI\G AMPLE- MEASURES.
England Proceeding to Reorganize the
Military force.
LONDON, E»G., Jan. B.— The Daily
News will record the activity that is being
displayed by military officers, and will de
clare that certainly complete measures are
being taken to organize the military force,
even to the nomination of a general to
command and the provisional selection of
a staff. It will add that urgent haste is
not being shown, and that only prepara
tions are being made for a possible emer
gency.
The Post will say that one torpedo-boat
destroyer will be allotted to each battle
ship and cruiser belonging to the Channel
fleet und the living squadron. The paper
remarks with significance that Germany
has the stronger flotilla of torpedo-boats,
it being believed that she possesses 112
against Great Britain's 95.
The Post will also say it understands
that the Cabinet has been summoned to
meet on Saturday.
APPLAUDED J-V THE REICHSTAG.
Attitude Assumed in Defense of German
Jntcrestn.
BERLIN, Germany. Jan. 9.— The Reich
stag resumed its sittings to-day after the
holiday recess. Freiherr Yon Berlepsch
made a brief speech introducing the Gov
ernment bill to prevent illegal transac
tions on the German bourses.
It was stated in the lobbies of the Reich
stag that Baron Marschai yon Bierber
stein, Minister of Foreign Affairs, osjie
cially begged the members of the Cham
ber to abstain from interpellating the
Government upon the Transvaal question
in any form.
In the course of the debateon the Bonne
bill Count KanitE-Podenzew (Conserva
tive) said that the attitude which trip Gov-
erament had recently assumed in defense
of German interests abroad had met with
universal approval. This utterance was
greeted with prolonged applause.
Mutt dive Vp Their Guns.
LONDON, E.n<;., Jan. o.— The British
South African Company has ordered its
officials in South Africa to deliver all the
guns and ammunition in their possession
to the otiicers of the Imperial Government.
WELCOMED IN DELAWARE.
Congressman Maguire Made an
Interesting Address on the
Single Tax.
For Two Hours He Told of the Burdens
Caused by Monopoly of
Land.
WILMINGTON', Del., Jan. 9. - Ex-
Judge James G. Maguire of San Francisco
finished his winter tour of lectures on the
single tax in Delaware last night by ad
dressing an audience of 1500 in the opera
house at Newark. The meeting was one
of the most successful he has addressed
here, and was an" encouraging termination
of the series of lectures he has delivered
throughout the State since October. In
fact Judge Maguire was so highly pleased
with the warm reception he received that
he took occasion to refer to hi 3 recent tour
down the State, and expressed his highest
approval of the hospitality of Delaware
people.
During his address on the practical side
of the single tax the main aisles of the
theater were crowded with men, women
and children who were standing. He
spoke for more than two hours, and ex
plained with telling effect the burdens cast
upon the people by land speculation and
land monopoly.
Newark is a manufacturing town, and
the major part of the audience that assem
bled to hear Maguire composed the work
iugmen of the town and farm hands from
adjacent districts. They listened with
earnest attention to his arguments, and
expressed their approval of it by vigorous
handclapping.
At the conclusion of his address the i
chairman of the meeting announced that
Maguire would be glad to shake hands and
talk with any person in the audience. As
a result of this announcement fully half of
the audience flocked toward the stage and
each exchanged greetings with him. This
public reception delayed Mr. Maguire so
long.that be missed the 10:30 express for
Washington, and was compelled to wait
until after midnight to catch a train. The
midnight express from Philadelphia was
stopped at Newark purposely to take him
aboard.
In an interview lie said that his. Con
gressional duties were of such a pressing
nature that he doubted whether he would
be able to come to Delaware to take part in
the single-tax campaign until late in the
spring: or early summer. He expressed sat
isfaction with his reception and said he
felt assured that Delaware would swell
into line for single-tax. The single taxers
having the campaign in Newark in charge
are much encouraged by last night's meet
ing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY JO, 1896.
GROVER WAS AMAZED.
Explained the Malicious At
tack Made by a
Newspaper.
NO FINANCIER INVITED.
j The Story of an Arrangement
With a Syndicate Denied
. by the President.
MR. CARLISLE ACTED WISELY.
In a Letter to Senator Caffery Cleve
land Related His Views on the
Bond Issue.
i
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan, 9.— Senator
Caffery of Louisville to-night made pub
! lie a letter of the President to him which,
! had opportunity presented since Monday,
:he would have incorporated in re
marks which he intended to make in the
i Senate on the bond bill. It reads:
EXECUTIVE Mansion', ) j
Washington, d. c, Jan. 5, 1896. \
My Dear Senator: I have read to-day in the
i Congressional Record the debate in the Senate
! on Friday concerning the financial situation
and bond issues.
I am amazed at the intolerance that leads '■
■ even excited partisanship to adopt as a basis
| of attack the unfounded accusations and asser-
tionsof a maliciously mendacious and sensa
tional newspaper.
No banker or financier, nor any other hu
man being, has been invited to visit Washing
ton for the purpose of arranging in any way or
manner for the disposition of bonds to meet
the present or future needs of the gold reserve.
No arrangement of any kind has been made
for the disposition of |such bonds to any syndi
cate, or through "the agency of any syndicate.
No assurance of such a disposal of bonds has
been directly or indirectly given to any person.
In point of fact, a decided leaning toward a
popular loan and advertising for bids has
been plainly exhibited on the part of the ad
ministration at all times when the subject was
under discussion.
Those charged with the responsibility of
maintaining our gold reserve, so far as legisla
tion renders it possible, have anxiously con
ferred with each other, and, as occasion per
mitted, with those having knowledge of finan
cial affairs and present monetary conditions
as to the best and most favorable means of
selling bonds for gold.
The unusual importance of a successful re
sult, if the attempt is again made, ought to be
apparent to every American citizen who be
stows on the subject a moment's patriotic
thought. The Secretary of the Treasury, from
the first moment that the necessity of another
sale of bonds 6eemed to be approaching, de
sired to offer them issued to the people by
public advertisement if they could thus be
successfully disposed of.
After inll consideration, he came to the con
clusion, to which I fully agree, that the amount
of gold in the reserve, being now 920,000,000
more than it was in February last, when a sale
of bonds was made to a syndicate, and other
conditions differing from those then existing,
justify us in offering the bonds now about to be
issued lor sale by popular subscription.
This is the entire matter, and all these par
ticulars could have been easily obtained by
any member of the Senate by simple inquiry.
If Mr. Morgan or any one else reasoning
from his own standpoint brought himself to
the belief that the Government would at length
be constrained to again sell bonds to a syndi
cate, I suppose he would have a perfect right,
if he chose, to take such steps as seemed to him
prudent to put himself in condition to nego
tiate.
I expect an issue of bonds will be advertised
for sale to-morrow and that bids will be in
vited not only for those now allowed by law
Dut for such other and different bonds as Con
gress may authorize during the pendency of
the advertisements.
Not having had an opportunity to confer
with you in person since the present session of
Congress beean, and noticing your participa
tion in the debate of last Friday, I have
thought it not amiss to put you in possession
of the facts and information herein contained.
Yours very truly, Gkover Cleveland.
To the Hon. Donaldson Caffery.
STORAGE OF Flit E WORKS.
It Caused the Series of Fatal Explosions
.at St. I. on is.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 9.— The Coroner's
jury examining the cause of the explosion
in the building at 309 North Second street
on January 2, in which six persons lost
their lives, to-day declared that the ex
plosion was caused by the storage of unsafe
and dangerous fireworks in the building.
H. B. Grubbs, proprietor of the store, is
censured for employing improper and in
sufficient help to care for the same.
For Keeping a "I'ottoffice.''
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 9. — C. W.
Tourgee, ex-postmaster of West Williams
field, Ashtaoula County, and chairman ox
the Republican County Committee, was
arrested yesterday charged with a serious
offense against the postal laws. Tourgee
has displayed in his store window a large
sign on which is inscribed "Postoffice,"
and has been in the habit of accepting
mail and taking it to tlie traias, thuß de
priving the official Postmaster of his fees.
There has been bad feeling between Tour
gee and the gentleman appointed his suc
cessor by President Cleveland. Tourgee
stated that he did not know he was vio
lating the law.
WRECKED AT MAXXJIEIM.
A Fast Passenger Train Runs Into a
■Derailed Freight.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 9.— The fast train
on the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
Railroad leaving Chicago at 6:20 o'clock
for Omaha was wrecked to-night at Mann
heim by dashing into a derailed freight.
The fireman of the passenger train,
named Bourse, was so badly injured that
he died a short time afterward. The en
gineer was slightly hurt, but saved his life
by jumping. The passengers were badly
shaken up, but no one was seriously in
jured.
Three hours were consumed in clearing
the track and transferring the passengers
so that the train could start on its way to
Omaha.
MAXY COTTAGES BVRXEJt.
Eire Cut a Wide Strain- in the Suburbs
of Lexington.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Jan. 10.-Ellersville
avenue, consisting of thirty cottages, is
I burning. At first it was believed that the
| whole settlement, .which is just outside
' of the city limits in the east end of town,
' would be destroyed. '
After stretching 1500 feet of hose the
• tire department got the flames under con
-1 trol alter hard work. The loss cannot be
; estimated at this hour. .' . ' : ." r
HARRISON'S MARRIAGE.
Mrs. IHinmick mil Jtecome Hit Wife in
<t Short Time.
NEW YORK, % V., Jan. 9.-Tbe an
nouncement from Indianapolis to-day that
cx-rrpsident Harrison will shortly be
married to Mrs. Mary Scott Dimmlck sim
ply confirmed rumors current for some
time past. The marriage is to take place
in this city. Ex-President Harrison will
leave Indianapolis for a ten days' visit to
; this city some time this week. The
i wedding, it is said, will take place some
time before his return to Indianapolis.
Russell B. Harrison, who with his wife
is staying at an uptown hotel, affects en
tire ignorance of his father's intentions.
Mrs. Dimtnick, who has been living
quietly in her home at 40 East Thirty
eighth street, declined to talk to-day about
the marrriae;e. When asked to either con
firm or deny the report she said, "1 have
nothing whatever to say about the matter."
ANTONIO EZETA FAILED
Not Permitted to Make a Land
ing With a Party of Fili
busters.
Mexicans and American Cowboys Did
Not Have a Chance to Fight
Salvador.
NEW YORK, X. V., .Inn <».— X. Bolet
IVniza. Consul-general of the republic &
San Salvador, received a cable message
this evening announcing the failure of
General Antonio Ezeta to iand what he
contends was the most formidable expedi
tion that ever started for San Salvador.
General Peraza said that he did not be
lieve that there would have been much of
a revolt even if the filibusters had landed,
as their failure to reach this port showed
plainly that they had very few, if any,
sympathizers in Salvador.
It was learned that General Ezeta had
with him a party of over a hundred Mexi
cans who had served in the Mexican army
and fully sixty American cowboys from
Texas.
DISAPPEARANCE OF A BROKER.
Benjamin Johnson Short in His Accounts
to the Tune of Ten Thousand
Dollars.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 9.—Benja
min Johnson, resident partner of the New
York banking and brokerage firm of Ken
dall & Whitlock, which has an oflice at
Third and Chestnut streets in this city,
has beer, absent from his office since Tues
day and an examination of the books
of the Philadelphia branch developed the
fact to-day that there was something seri
ously wrong with his accounts.
BTue presumption is tnat unfortunate
speculation was the cause of Johnson's
disappearance. W. B. Kendall this after
noon swore out a warrant for Johnson's ar
rest, charging him with embezzling up
ward of $10,000. Johnson suppressed the
true statement to the firm's customers and
kept a private set of books.
Two i „,,!■ ;■/. ■■itrr* Caught.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 9.— While en
gaged in the manufacture of counterfeit
coin in a dilapidated cabin in the railroad
yards district, William Fisher and George
Williams were to-day arrested by the Gov
ernment Secret Service agents. A large
quantity of spurious nickels and quarter
dollar pieces were seized, which are of a
quality sufficiently good to make them
dangerous.
MAY GET THE BONDS.
Morgan's Syndicate Expects
to Secure the New
Issue.
TO TAKE ALL OR NONE.
Will Make an Offer So Advanta
geous That Others Can't
Compete.
BUT THE PRICE IS TO BE HIGH.
An Extra Supply of Over Thirty Mil
lions in Gold in Exchange for
Greenbacks.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 9. — From a
subscribing member of J. Pierpont Mor
gan's bond syndicate the following facts
have been obtained:
The syndicate expects to secure the en
tire $100,000,000 4 per cent bonds which are
to be sold by the treasury on February 5.
Mr. Morgan will bid for the entire issue,
and expects to be awarded the entire
$100,000,000. It will take all or none.
The reason for Mr. Morgan's confidence
of entire success is that he will make an
offer so advantageous that no other propo
sition can stand in his way.
This offer is to purchase the entire
$100,000,000, paying principal and premium
in gold, and in addition furnish an amount
in gold equal to one-third of the issue, or
$33,333,33.'} 33 In exchange for greenbacks.
The Government gold reserve will thus
not only be brought up to the recognized
limit, but will have a large surplus for its
protection.
The price which the syndicate will offer
is not exactly known by any one except
Mr. Morgan. It will be considerably more
than ?t 04..., paid last February. This low
premium was paid because of the pro
vision in the contract compelling the syn
dicate to protect the treasury ieserve. No
such contract will be made this time.
Therefore, a higher price will be paid.
The ligure is believed to be $1 OS.
The syndicate is now accumulating gold
from every available source. Members of
the syndicate will be at liberty to make
individual bids beside the syndicate bid.
This is the state of affairs to-day. The
position will probably hold until February
5 without any change of important details.
The President and Secretary of the Treas
ury have no agreement, private or public,
with the syndicate. They Know, however,
what are Mr. Morgan's intentions and
knew them when the public call was
issued.
C Alt 1,181, E JS COXFJIHZXT.
Thinks the. Sew Jiond Issue Will Be a
Stir cess.
WASHINGTON, I). C, Jan. 9.-Secre
tary Carlisle expressed the opinion to-day
that the new bond issue will be a success.
He did not intimate whence the gold would
come, but he spoke with a full knowledge
of the number of inquiries for blank forms
for bids and the informal offers already
made. The mails to-day brought in quite
a number of inquiries for blank forms on
which to make bids, and in some cases
persons desirous of subscribing stated the
amount wanted and the price they would
offer. The figures, of course, are with
held from publication. The bids are re
garded as informal, and where possible,
those making them will be communicated
with and blank forms will be sent, so that
they may comply with all the require
ments and make their bids in regular
shape. A circular letter of instruction to
prospective bidders was issued to-day. It
aays:
The subscriber should state plainly the
amount of bonds desired, the price which he
proposes to pay and the place where the bonds
i should be delivered, which may be the sub
scriber's home or any other more convenient
place.
He should at the same time state whether he
desires to deposit trie amount of his subscrip
tion at the Treasury Department in the city of
Washington or at one of the following sub
treasuries, viz. : New York, Boston, Philadel
phia, Baltimore, Cincinnati, Chicago, St.
Louis, New Orleans, or San Francisco. Deposits
at said places riust be with exchange on New
York. The bonds will be issued in the follow
in? denominations, viz.: Coupon bonds— sso,
$100, $500 and 1000; registered bonds— sso,
$100, £500, $1000, $5000 and $10,000.
The blank forms of answer reads:
I hereby propose under the terms of your cir
cular of January 6, 1890, to purchase United
States 4-per-cent thirty-year bonds described
in said circular, of the face value of • dol
lars, and I agree to pay therefore at the rate
of ' and accrued interest per $100. I fur
ther agree upon due notice of the acceptance
of this subscription to deposit the amount
thereof in gold coin or gold certificates with
the United States Assistant Treasurer at
in accordance wtth the terms of said circular.
I desire (registered or coupon) bonds in de
nominations as stated below, and wish them to
be delivered to me at — .
To the Secretary of the Treasury.
Coupon. Registered.
$50 i?SO
100 100
500 500
1000 1000 .
V-: ' 5000
10,000
The gold reserve at the close of business
to-day stood at $57, 715,826. The withdraw
als to-day at New York were f 206,000.
FOR COAST DEFENSES.
An Expenditure of Tirelre Million Dol-
lars Is Urged.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 9.— At a
meeting to-day of the Senate Committee
on Coast Defenses, of which Senator
Squire is chairman, it was shown by state
ments made before the committee by offi
cers of the Bureau of Engineers that there
is immediate need by the department of
$2,500,000 to be expended for torpedoes and
torpedo mines and for land defenses. The
discussion of the torpedo system by the
committee demonstrated that the torpe
does are of little value unless they are de
fended by guns, as they can easily be re
moved by an enemy unless protected by
artillery.
In case of a sudden emergency it would
take at least a year, if the appropriations
were made, to produce the material, manu
facture the torpedoes and put them in
place at the principal ports of the United
States. The chief of the engineers advo
cated the expenditure of $12,000,000 during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1897. Tbi3
sum, it is said, would not provide the
money necessary to be expended by the
Ordnance Bureau for guns and gun car
riages, but would cover the cost for em
placements for guns and of torpedoes.
The hearing 13 being conducted in re
gard to the bill introduced in the Senate
by Senator Squire providing for the de
fense of the principal seaports of the coun
try. The committee will resume its in
quiry to-morrow.
2SOMIXA TIOJSB COSFIRSIEii.
Office-Seekers Made Happy by the Sen-
ate'a Approval.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 9.— The
Senate in executive session to-day con
firmed the following nominations:
Emory P. Best of Georgia, to be Assist
ant Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
Joseph 11. Outhwaite of Ohio, member
of the board of ordnance and fortifica
tions.
Collector of Customs— David G. Brown,
for Montana and Idaho.
Receiver of Public Moneys — E. E. Dor
sey, Del Norte, Colo.
Registers of Land Offices— A. D. Cham
berlain, Douglass, Wyo»j G. \V. Myers,
Miles City, Mont.
Postmistress— Sarah Hodgdon, Demin<*.
N. Mex.
Also various promotions in the revenue
cutter service.
&UGAR TJtUST SCAADALS.
Trial of the JVeu> Xorh Broker Who 2te-
j'mtril to Anairvr Onewtions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. !).-The
trial of the contumacious broker of New
York, Chapman, was resumed to-day.
Senator Jones of Arkansas testified in
reference to the amendment to the sugar
clause introduced by him, which, it is
alleged, caused the * advance in sugar
stocks.
Senator Gray testified that he had never
been able to find the original subpena
which had been submitted by the court de
spite objections by counsel for the defense.
The prosecution read one of the news
paper articles quoted in the indictment.
Benjamin Durfee gave expert testimony
as to the effect of legislation on sugar
prices. The proceedings will be resumed
to-morrow.
ACCEVTED THE JiEW HAM.
Secretary Herbert Will Soon riace the
Kntnltdin in Service.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 9.-In
accordance with the joint resolution of
Congress, Secretary Herbert to-day,
immediately upon his return from New
York accepted the ram Katahdin on be
half of the Government. The formalities
were concluded with General Hyde, presi
dent of the Bath Iron Works of iJath, Me.,,
the contractors for the little vessel. The
Katahdin will be turned over to the
Government at once by the iron works, and
the tinisting touchea put on at the
Brooklyn Navy-yard. It is expected that
the Katahdin will be placed in commission
in about ten days.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
The I'acifio lioads Committee to Hear
Mr. Maguire.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 9.— The
Committee on Paciiic Railroads has de
cided to grant a hearing to Representative
Maguire, who will appear before the com
mittee early in February to oppose any
funding scheme. The California delega
tion is expecting Representatives Geary
and English and John P. Irish here in a
few days.
Secretary Carlisle sen! to Congress to
day these additional estimates of appro
priations: Nicaragua Canal Commission,
deficiency, $6000; to complete a revenue
cutter for the Pacific Coast, $125,000.
The ReptiOlicnn Caveuw,
WASHINGTON, I). C, Jan. 9.— Owing
to the late session of the Senate the Re
publican caucus was not held this after
noon. It will be held at the call of the
chairman, possibly to-morrow.
WORK FOR WHITE METAL.
Senator Wolcott Tells of the Ef
forts in Behalf of Silver
Abroad.
The Establishment of Closer Relations
Between the Bimetallic
Associations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 0.-Senator
Wolcott of Colorado, who has just re
turned from an extended stay in Europe,
was asked to-day by a reporter what the
bimetallists of Europe were doing,and said
that an international committee of the
International Bimetallic leagues, including
Mr. Alard, Belgian delegate to the Brus
sels conference, and leading bimetair.sts
from England, Austria, Germany and
France, had an important conference re
cently in Paris, and he had several inter
views with its members.
'•We have no idea in this country," he
continued, "of the unselfish and important
efforts throughout England and the Con
tinent in favor of the recognition of silver.
There is hardly an intelligent land-owner
in Europe who is not a bimetallist. There
were two important results of the meeting
in Paris. The tirst— a plan for an
identical resolution on the importance
of international agreement, to be intro
duced simultaneously in the English Par
liament, the French Assembly and the
German Reichstag— was agreed upon; and
another important result was the estab
lishment of cordial and closer relations
between the bimetallist associations of the
different countries of Europe, notably be
tween France and (Germany. The states
men of France and the manager of the
Bank of France are bimetallista, and pub
lic opinion favors it. The Paris papers,
however, with one or two exceptions, con
trolled by private moneyed interests, are
gold nioncmetallists.
"While bimeiallists abroad are actively
at work, it must nevertheless be admitted
that the prospects of any speedy action are
not favorable. In Germany, where there
has been much hope, the banking element,
aroused by the possibility of action by the
Reichstag, is expending much effort in
favor of the single standard, and its influ
ence is naturally widely felt. Whoever in
vites this country to await European agree
ment before opening our mints to silver
offers no hope of definite relief."
Repulsed by Italian Troops.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 9.— A dispatch from
Massowah says the Abyssinians made an
attacfc on Makalle on Tuesday last. They
were repulsed by the Italian troops, and
afterwards retreated. King Menelik was
present with the Abyssinians. The Ital
ians lost six killed and ten wounded.
Cold
Is death. There can be no life without heat.
The weak and debilitated cannot endure
the frost and ice of winter. The blood
must be made rich and pure and the circu-
lation good, by
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. $1 ; 6 for $5.
Hood's Pills are Kentle, mild, effec-
I *" UU _ _*^ lilS ttye. ■ All dru is 25c.
TO RESTRAIN ROADS
Proceedings to Block the
Big Joint Traffic
Compact.
AN INJUNCTION ASKED.
Agreement of the Trunk Lines
Declared to Be Wholly
Illegal.
VIOLATES INTERSTATE LAWS.
A Bill Is Filed to Declare the Recent
Contract Void in All Its
Details.
NEW YORK, X. V.. Jan. 9.— United
States District Attorney Macfarlane has
filed a bill of complaint in the United
States Circuit Court in the name of the
United States against the railroad com
panies constituing the joint Traffic Asso
ciation, and on January 17 will make a
motion for an injunction restraining them
from operating under their agreement.
The relief asked in the bill of complaint
is to have the contract between the rail
roads declared null and void, and the par
ties to the contract perpetually enjoined
from operating under it. A temporary in
junction is also asked for in the complaint.
The aereement which was entered intu
on November 19, l *!>:>, between the prin
cipal trunk lines east of the Mississippi
River, included all the lines in affiliation
with them.
By the agreement it was decided that
all competitive traffic passing through,
from or to the western terminal of the
trunk lines should be divided on a pro rata
basis amounting to the dividing of profits
from such traffic.
The railroads parties to the agreement
filed with the Interstate Commerce Com
mission a copy of the agreement, and on
December 27 the commission notified the
Attorney-General that it considered the
agreement a violation of law as stated.
United States District Attorney McFar
lane was tlen requested to rile the action
begun to-day. This action is to test the
validity of the agreement upon its face.
Opposition to the agreement on facts
arising from its actual working cannot be
made, as although the agreement went
into effect the first of the new year it will
be rive or six months before the railways
will have systematized the working
under it.
CAVSEIj 11 X AX OJjU FEVD.
Two Man Killed nnil Tiro Others Fatally
IVo v >i drrl.
KNOXVILLE, Tknn., Jan. o.— News has
just reached here of a fight that occurred
in Round River, Wise County, Va., yester
day' in which 3111 Wells and (Jus Osborne
were killed and Jim Cox and a deputy
sheriff were fatally wounded. H. Wil
i liams, who was not injured, killed botli
Jni^n and escaped. Ai\ old feud was the
cause of the licrhr, which took place at the
'■■ spot where five members of the Mullina
family were murdered in May, 1892, by
"Doc" Tayfor and the Fleming boys.
\fltruxka i'rohibitionitts.l
LINCOLN". Nub., Jan. ft — Members of
the Prohibition State Central Committee
to-day decided to call the Btate Convention
far February 11 next. Tbis early date, it
is no secret, is to allow Nebraska Prohi
bitionists to push the candidacy of C. K.
Bentley of this city for the Presidential
nomination of the party. Mr. lieniley has
lone been a leading worker In the ranks*,
and will have ;i strong following from
Western States.
SEW TO.DAT.
"Well, I Guess Not."
"Don't catch me running after every
snap sale— old reliable house is good
enough for me. I buy my haberdashery at
Roos' and I know it's right."
This week, De Joinville scarfs worth 75c
— 50c. Also Tecks and four-in-hands.
Men's embroidered night robes—
One-third the hatter's price will buy the
same shape here. Fedoras, all colors, 95c.
For the "coming man," reefer suits,
$2.50. Imported sailor suits at various
prices.
.■ ■ ■
<g3ir-»i-a»-»-a7-KraqriTV
Buying by mail— have you ever tried it ?
mm m bm Mm a laxative refreshing foi
iAIIAk Trnit lotenge.
I M If I Mil very agreeable to take
■""" CONSTIPATION
hemorrhoids, bile,
I II H I C sM loss of appetite, gastric an«
lIIUB C II int-stinal troubles and
I II II I mm II ; headache arising
. : : from them.
Anil 1 All E. <iRI i-i'ON,
6RILLON 33 Ru< " dcs Archives, Part*
:ISBI I LLIJ n . Bald by «Ji DnttUtZ
UllUvilbU bouses, billiard - batlv-
PSiW€? 8 1 Eh *3 houses, blUiard- tables,
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makers, cuntti,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, Unindries, pm»»r-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
* BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturer*, 6OBSacram«int*9fe>
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
l 0: EAE!irTST - Established
m\ in 1854 for the treatment of Private
m Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
m ttnensewearlngon bodyandmindand
m hlcin Diseases Th « doctorcu
■ others fall. Try him. Charges low
imiiiiiii in iii^— •--■•"- *Tril. Callorwrltl*
W*. J. F. «.£BBOSJ. Itoi 1957. Sai ffi«t_
NOTARY PUBLIC.
r\nARLEB H. rHILLIPS. ATTORNKY-AT
. * * '--■■■-'no_textGREAT LOSS OF LIFE
Ruin Wrought by Repeated
Earthquake Shocks
in Persia.
VILLAGES DESTROYED.
It Is Estimated That at Least
Eleven Hundred Perished
in One District.
THERE WAS NO SAFE RETREAT.
About Two Years Ago Twelve Thou
sand Persons Met Death in the
Unlucky Land.
TEHERAN, Pcbsia, Jan. 9.— Two se
severe earthquake shocks, causing the loss
of 1100 lives, have occurred in tne Khal-
-hock, which was experienced
lay last, was very severe. It
.ipstroyed the village of Zanza
-5 destroyed other villages.
I persons perished in the
On the followine Sunday there was an
re shock, which destroyed the
■; of Goi and did great damage
f the villages in the district
t bundled persons were
done. Large numbers of
perished.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 9.— The Times tc-
iblish a dispatch trom Te
her.in saying it is reported in that city
severe eartl LtWednes
. No damage was
done at ti e former place. What, if any,
: oe at Kelai is nut known at
nt.
• \n November 19, 15H3, a most destructive
earthquake occurred at Kuchan, Persia.
.\ a- practically destroyed, and
. irmoiis, it being re
ied.
BAKER'S WARNING
10 ALL NATIONS,
Conii':::t'l from Firtt Page.
ert itration is in a civilized attitude and
that • refusing it is in an un
civilized attitude."
r.\ ri i r> a reply.
The Chronicle Places Its Correspondence
Before England.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 9. — The Daily
Chronicle commenting on the dispatch it
■X:ll publish • -morrow from Henry Nor
man, its special commissioner in Wash
ington, will claim that the opinions that
Mr. Norman has obtained represent the
most important, weighty and powerful
views of the America:! political system.
It ad
"We know that outride of the messages
of President Cleveland and Secretary Oiney
no announcement of greater import ever
crossed the Atlantic. We place it before
the nation, expecting with absolute con
todpnee a national reply."
STORIXG CO.AL AT ST. ZVCIA.
Great Britain Displays Activity Hear
the Venezuelan Count.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 9.—lnforma
tira has reached the Navy Department
lhat the British Government is displaying
great activity in storing coal at its well
fc-rtiiied naval coaling and supply station
of St. Lucia, near the Venezuelan coast.
The disturbed relations between Great
Britain and Germany are given as the
reason for the activity.
m: r nissEtt or.n gt.orx.
l.'int Soisily Showed Their Prefer
rttcr fop -• luion Jnek."
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 9.— A Record
-.1 from Montreal says: There
&at night at the Academy of
.' there was much disturbance.
: ire of the statue of liberty was
: . the picture of the fort on the Hud
:,i^sed, and in the second act,
• march, in which several
. - appeared, nothing would do
ie waving of a Union Jack carried by
■ man.
tement then was tremendous.
:ulery, tilled with McGill University
: rolnnteera and others, attracted by
of Rice's extravagant remarks in the
started a storm of hisses, jeers and
■ -r-ed with cries for "the
♦ n Ja< k,' : while the people downstairs
lid not want a row tried in vain to
• icm.
- was packed, and the noise al
•••rrifying. Mr. Seagrave, who played
...t out and waved a Union
ncndous size. Then they cried
* an Englishman to carry it, and only
Seagrave announced that he was
imao did they quiet down.
• appearance of the stars and
ai greeted with mingled
above and applause from be
y Rice reconsidered his
. ■■■■ n replacing the picture of
dissolving views, which
instead of the big stars
'■aused the row on Mon
v order of the Academy
y Old Glory. This was
in trie gallery had been
and they were agreeably dis
:;l"l and receivea the Queen's pic
and yells of delight
that could Ik- ;iO ar.l for blocks.
Al the< the r.erformance the cur
tain went up again and the company
joined in sin ._- «,,,j Save the Queen/
B0 WELL READY TO RESIGN.
Penaing the Estaoli-J imeni of a New Cabinet
the Premier Will Remain in
Cffice.
OTTAWA, O.VTAEIO, Jan. 9.-fn the
Hou-e of to-day Sir Adolph
I that Premier Boweli had
several interriewa with the Governor-Gen
era, yesterday which resulted in the
Premier offering his resignation to his
1 :on=y - '■'• Umated that he
oot . ready to receive it because he
thought Parliament should first have -an
opportunity of considering ami passing
Bii opinion upon the speech from Uie
throne which was now before it. Under
these circumstances Sir Mackenzie Bowell
bus, as the head of the administratron
considered it his duty as far as ir. him lay,
to reorganize the Government and there
fore he (Caron) moved that the House ad
journ until next Tuesday.
An exactly similar statement was read
in the Senate by the Premier.
Sir. Laurier, the Liberal leader, objected
to any adjournment of more than from
day to day as the constitution provided.
Besides reading in the Senate the same
statement which Caron read in the Com
mons, Premier Bowell said he was willing
to leave to the good judgment of the peo
pk his own action and that of his col
leagues who had attacked him.
Japan's Offer to Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Rukha, Jan. 9.—
The Vladivostock correspondent of the
Novoe Vretnya telegraphs that Japan has
offered to give Russia free and unlimited
anchorage for her warships in all the har
bors of Japan. It is assumed that the in
tention is to divert Russia from acquiring
a harbor in Korea.
Storms on the Italian Coast.
ROME, Italy, Jan. S. — A violent storm
in Northern Italy has done much damage
on 3hore and to shipping along the coast.
It is feared that many lives have been lost.
A torpedo boat employed in the customs
service on Lake Maggiore foundered and
twelve persons aboad of her were drowned.
AT LAWS BENEFIT
The "Kid Did" Some Very Neat
Sparring With Woods and
Ryan.
Given a Good Send-Off Before His De
parture to Fight Burge at
London.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— The Grand Cen
tral Palace was crowded to overflowing to
night by the friends and admirers of
'•Kid" Lavigne. The benefit was given in
honor of his departure for London, where
be will meet Dick Burge at the National
Sporting Clun for $5000 a side. The pro
gramme was excellent.
George Lavigne opened by sparring with
Harry Woods of California. Lavigne re
ceived a rousing reception.
Woods got a lot of punishment in the
first round, the "Kid" giving his left about
the head and body, occasionally varying
the performance by driving in with his
right. Lavigne was again the aggressor
in the second round, showing some very
pretty science in short-arm fighting. The
third anil fourth rounds were rattlers, La
vigne uoing all the fighting and never let
ting upon the Californian.
The final bjut was between Lavigne and
Tommy Kyan of Chicago. Ryan started
off quick, leading for Lavigne's body.
Lavigne stood in, both men putting up
plenty of science. Kyan hit hard all
through the second round. Lavigne stood
up and got in three or four that had plenty
of power behind them. The last two
rounds were repetitions of the others, both
men hitting hard, which pleased the on
lookers, who gave them arousing send-off.
WHEEL RECORDS ACCEPTED.
Bulletin of the Itaring Hoard of the
x. A. W.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 9. — The
following bulletin has been issued by
Chairman Gideon of the L. A. W. :
Records accepted: One mile, class B, compe
tition, standing start, paced, by Otto Zeigler
Jr., Louisville, Ky., 1:53 2-5, November 12,
lbl>s.
Two miles, class ]?, world's record, unpaced,
standing start, by F. <;. Burnett, New Orleans,
4 ■.;{!», December 7, l v.n.
Three miles, professional, paced, flying start
acainst time, by I. J. I'.erlo, New Orleans,
5:50 4-6, December L 3, L 895.
Four miles, professional, paced, flying start
against time, by I. J. Berlo, New Orleans.
7 .">", December 13, i vi:>.
■ miles, professional, paced, flying start
against tim«, by I. J. berio, New* Orleans,
8:51 2-5, December 13, 1895.
The Chess Tournament.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 9.-
To-day's games in the chess masters' tour
nament resulted as follows: Tschigorin
(black) beat Pillsbnry in a queen's gambit
declined after forty moves; Steinitz( white)
beat Lasker in a queen's gambit declined
after thirty moves. The score up to date
is as follows: LasKer and Pillsbury, b>£
each; Steinitz, s}£; Tschigorin, '6} z .
ONLY GAINED SYMPATHY.
Stubborn Defense Made by a
Woman During a Trial
for Libel.
Lawyers and Judges Denounced, but
the Jury Found Her
Guilty.
RALEIGH, N. C, Jan. 9. — A criminal
trial that will be noted in the jurispru
dence of the State was on here yesterday
in the Superior Court. A woman indicted
for libel defended herself before a Judge
and jury. Mrs. Pattie Arrington was some
years ago divorced from her husband.
Out of this trouble sprung many lawsuits.
A number of lawyers appeared for Mrs.
Arrington in different suit?. Among them
was ex-Judge Spier Whittaker of the Su
perior Court, late chairman of the Demo
cratic State Committee, and now one of
the leading Populists of the State.
Mrs. Arrington began last summer the
publication of a newspaper known as the
Criminal Document. In this she charged
Whitaker of having stolen $1300 from her
by an order he made while Judge in the
case he had appeared in before he was
elected Judge. For this she was indicted.
The trial began yesterday. Not being
able to employ a lawyer Mrs. Arrington
defended herself, and she did it with skill
and ability. She gave ex-Judge AVhitaker
a scorching cross-examination. She went
on the witness-stand and her evidence was
graphic and startling. She got beyond
the control of the court and detailed her
experiences in all her litigation. She de
nounced many of the most prominent
lawyers and Judges in the State as being
guilty of crimes for which they should be
breaking rock in the penitentiary.
It is the first time a woman was indict
ed in this State for this offense. It was
the first time a woman was compelled to
be her own lawyer. The Courthouse was
crowded, and those present seemed to
sympathize witli Mrs. Arrington. There is
another indictment against her for libel
ing the lute Chief Justice William N. H.
Smith in puDlishing in herjpaper after his
death a statement that he had defrauded
her and her children out of their home.
Mrs. Arlington is from one of the oldest
and best families in the State, and her
character is <:<>od. She made a strong
speech to the jury, and at times was im
passioned and eloquent. She frequently
criticized the District Attorney, arid de
nounced parts of his speech as willfully
false. The jury promptly found her
K uilty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896.
CAMPOS WILL REMAIN
Spain's Cabinet Decides Not
to Accept His Resig
nation.
TO INCREASE THE FORCE.
More Men and Warships Are to
Be Dispatched in Haste
to Cuba.
DEFEAT OF THE INSURGENTS.
Minor Engagements in Which the
Natives Are Said to Have
Been Driven Back.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 9. — At a Cabinet
council held to-day it was decided not to
accept the resignation of Captain-General
Campos. It was resolved to increase the
military and naval forces in Cuba.
It appears from the tenor of the first part
of the foregoing dispatch that Captain-
General Campos had tendered his resigna
tion. There have been many rumors that
he intended to do so, and also that he
would be replaced. At the political dem
onstration recently held in Havana Gen
eral Campos announced that he would not
resign in face of the enemy.
It is therefore surmised that General
Campos has not actually resigned, but that
the Council lias predetermined not to ac
cept his resignation should he decide upon
retiring from the command in Cuba.
Additional advices to those already re
ported have been received from Havana
concerning recent engagements with the
revolutionary forces. These show very
great activity on the part of the Spanish
army and indicate an important and pos
sibly decisive engagement at an early date.
General Garina Navarro, as already re
ported, recently met and put to flight at
Gunajay the combined forces of Maceoand
Gomez. The assault of the Spanish troops
upon the insurgent forces was so vigorous
and spirited aiul the retreat of the enemy
so precipitous that two companies of Gen
eral Navarro's command pursuing a heavy
contingent of the fleeing rebels were for
quite a long time separated from the main
body of the Spanish army. Some details
of this engagement have already been
given, including the casualties which at
tended it.
After the engagement the Cuban army
fell back to Ceiba. but was forced 10 make
a countermarch because of an attack on
them by the column of General Luque,
who surprised and engaged them during
the night. The Cuban loss in this en
j counter is given as twenty killed and a
I large number wounded. The battle was
for a time very hotly contested. Spanish
General Suarez Valdez arrived with the
troops of his command about the end of
the engagement and contributed to the
dispersing of the rebels.
A fact tending to strengthen the im
pression that a decisive battle is imminent
manifests its-lf in the nearness or prox
imity of the two armies to each other, and
that the generals who recently engaged
Maceo and Gomez and who have followed
them vigorously from the provinces of
Santa Clara and Matanzasare in command
of the troops now hoping daily to engage
the main body of the insurrectionary
column.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 9.— The report
circulated yesterday that a battle had oc
curred near Artemisa is untrue. General
Bratz had an engagement with 2000 rebels
near the Central sugar factory at Lucia.
The fight lasted four hours, and resulted
in the defeat of the insurgents, who were
led by Maceo, Miro, Zayas and Nunez. It
is reported that Miro was wounded. The
rebel loss was eight killed. Thirty-two
horses were captured by the troops.
It is supposed that the rebels were at
tempting to cover the landing of a filibus
tering expedition, as a bark acting in a
suspicious manner was seen hovering off
the coast in that vicinity.
A column under the command of Colonel
Molini has captured, at the point of the
bayonet, a rebel encampment near Alfonso
doce. The insurgents retired to Manjuari.
Their wounded were taken to Cienga.
Their loss is not known.
The Spanish loss was two officers and
several soldiers wounded. The troops cap
tured 120 horses and a quantity cf ammu
nition and medicine. Sixteen horses be
longing to the troops were killed.
A band of rebels attacked the three forts
on the Esperanza Central factory, but
were repulsed by fourteen soldiers com
manded by Lieutenant Navas.
The civil guards who were repairing the
railway line at Navjas repelled a rebel at
tack, wounding their leader, Sanchez, and
killing two of the insurgents.
PHILADELPHIA POLICE CORRUPTION
Evidence as to Purchased Protection for
" Speak Easies " and Policy
Shops.
PHILADELPHIA, PA.,Jan. 9.-The pro
tection by the police of "speak easies" and
policy shops, the brutal conduct of police
men and the discharge of employes from
the city departments because they did
not agree with their superiors, were
brought out this afternoon at the meeting
of the Senatorial investigating committee.
Ex-Policeman George Slook Jr. testified
to having received, together with Special
Officer Martin and other policemen, sums
of money which were paid them for pro
tection by proprietors of "policy shops"
and "speak easies." The witness turther
stated that Martin was indicted in Octo
ber, 1894, for an alleged bribery in Janu
ary, 1892, but that the case against him
was dismissed last month on the ground
that the time for the prosecution had ex
pired by statute limitation. The witness
declared that although Martin is unable to
read or write he is still connected with the
Police Department.
MARRIAGE OF THE FULLaiAXS.
Son and Daughter of the Car-liuildcr
Soon to }fed.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9.— The Re
corder says this morning: A piece of
society news will be made public on Sun
day next through the Chicago papers. It
is the engagement of Miss Florence Pull
man, youngest daughter of the palace car
magnate, and Frank O. Lowden, a young
lawyer and member of the Chicago bar.
The" date of the wedding has not been de
cided upon, but reports have it that it will
be celebrated in toe near future. The
affair will oe an elaborate one, commen
surate with the wealth and position of the
bride's family.
The wedding of George Pullman Jr. and
Miss Felicite Oglesby, daughter of the
second war Governor of Illinois, is also
soon to take place, and the dual engage
ment may result in a double wedding.
CAMPAIGX OF McKIXLEI.
The Governor Called to Chicago to JUaJcti
an Address.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 9.— General Wil
liam Osborne of Boston, who has been
here for several weeks in the capacity of
advance agent for the Presidential inter
ests of Governor McKinley, making his
headquarters at the Union League Club,
has advised the Governor to come to Chi
cago before the Illinois convention of the
party is held and address the people of the
city and State. According to present ar
rangements the Governor will speak at
the Auditorium February 12, under the
anspices of either the Lincoln or Marquette
Club, or possibly both. The supporters of
the Governor intend to make liis address
the biggest affair possible.
MADE AX ASSiaXMEST.
Reorganization of a U'xg Distilling Com
pany Xecessary.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 9.— The Belie
of Nelson Distilling Company, one of the
largest concerns in the country, filed a
deed of assignment at 1 o'clock this after
noon to the Columbia Finance and Trust
Company. The assets and liabilities are
not known, but it is thought that they
will be about .$300,000. The company will
be reorganized airl resume busine-s. The
assignment is said to have been caused by
the firm carrying the stock of Hartley,
Johnson & Co., which assigned about "a
year ago, and which is involved in the
present failure.
Death of an Aged Woman.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 9.— Mary Fitzger
ald Welch, who was probably the oldest
person in Chicago, died yesterday at her
home, 795 North Robin street, aged 105.
She was born in Ireland, and could clearly
remember the home rule uprising in 1798. !
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
WANT YER MIGHTY BAD!
WE'RE
HOUSE=SWEEPING!
HOUSE=CLEANING !
Tons of Desirable, Fashionable Merchandise, that's been sold
down to few of a lot, that's skipping tra-la-la-boom out of the
house at prices that keep our crowing imitators in continual hot
water. Small lines have no value to us, whenever they get down
to three and four of a kind. We lose sight of their cost, our only
object is to get 'em out of the house, and they're going. If you
were in your big store you'd 'a' seen how the people are grabbing
at 'em. The goods are truly irresistible at the prices.
':|jfr
I fir
r v I" L /
SPEAKING OF VALUES,
HOW DOES THIS STRIKE
YOU?
Hundreds of small lines of
Men's Suits, embracing those
pretty Blue and Black Twill
Cheviots in the single and
double breasted style, high-class
tailored garments.
—$5.00—
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED),
The Store of the Masses.
TO AVOID AN EXPOSURE.
Suicide of First Lieutenant
Swift of the Ninth
Cavalry.
Fearing a Court-Martial for Dishonesty,
the Officer Sent a Bullet Through
His Heart.
FORT ROBINSON, Nebr., Jan. 9.—Offi
cars and men of the post were excited this
afternoon hy the suicide of First Lieuten
ant Swift of the Ninth Cavalry under cir
cumstances which indicate that he took
his life as the alternative of bearing the
disgrace of exposure for dishonesty and
consequent punishment by court-martial.
He shot himself through the heart. He
had been filling the positions of post ex
change officer and commissary oPucer, but
last week had been relieved of both duties
and an investigation of his accounts was in
progress. The suicide leaves a widow and
a large family.
ritOSPEItITY Oh 1 A. TRUST.
Handsome Dividends I'aid- by the Junerl-
can Sugar Company.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9.— The Ameri
can Sugar Reiining Company, otherwise
the "Sugar Trust," neld its annual meet
ing yesterday afternoon in Jersey City.
John E. Parsons and John F. Searles were
elected directors for three years. Presi
dent Havemeyer stated that a dividend of
12 per cent had been paid on the common
stock and 7 per cent on the preferred
stock. He said that the condition of the
company was prosperous. The price of
sugar had gone up 1 cent per pound during
Some awfully swell English ;
Kersey Overcoats, made right in
the height of fashion, cleverly ;
tailored, with deep velvet collar,
fine worsted linings. Can't !
touch 'em elsewhere in town !
under $12. Now
—$6.00—
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
Frisco's Biggest Store,
the past year, and would be likely to be
increased very materially during the
present year.
There will be no grinding of sugar-cane
in Cuba this year owing to the rebellion,
and consequently the world's supply will
be decreased by 1,000,000 tons, one-fifth of
the entire production of the world. A
considerable increase in prices was there
fore certain. The loss in Cuba will, how
ever, be partly made up in Germany, where
the beet-sugar crop will be much larger.
TESTIMOXI Of DOCTORS.
An Interesting Decision That Bears Upon
the Subject.
NEW YORK, >\ V., Jan. 9.— The Court
of Appeals in the case of Mary A. Morris
against the New York, Ontario and West
ern Railroad has rendered an interesting
decision bearing directly on the question
of privileged communications made to doc
tors. The Code of Civil Procedure says
that a doctor shall not be allowed to dis
close any information which he acquired
in attending a patient in a professional
capacity.
Mrs. Morris, in the case decided, sued
the railroad company for injuries received.
At the time of her illness she was attended
by two physicians. She called one, but
when the defendant attempted to call the
other she objected on the ground of privi
leged communication. Her objection waa
sustained and the suit decided in her favor.
The decision, of course, does not alter the
confidential relations of a physician and
his patient where there is only one physi
cian, but where there are two or more
physicians and opinions differ no one of
them can testify without giving the de
fendant in a lawsuit the right to call all
the others.
Very Weary of "Lord Here* ford."
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9.— Maud
Lascelles, who in 1891 married Sidney
Lascelles, known to many as "Lord Beres
ford," was before Judge Beekman yester
day for a divorce. Lascelles is now in a
Georgia prison, serving a five years' sent
ence for forgery and swindling. Mrs.
Those awfully pretty Reefer
Suits of ours ; there's somewhere
in the neighborhood of 1000 of
'em ; 4 and 5 of each individual
style ; awfully pretty, prettily
braided. $5.00 was the price of
some of 'em, $4.50 and $4.00
the others. Ages 3to 10 years. 1
Your pick
-$2.50-
-(INCORPORATED).
3,ll,l3,lsKearnySt
Lascelles is said to be heiress to a fortune
variously estimated at from $1,000,000 to
$3,000,000. She met Lascelles while travel
ing in Europe. The husband's lawyers
made no effort to contest the divorce suit.
SMITH FOR JtECEIVER.
Ittay Jie Selected to Manage the Atlantic
and fad fie.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 9.— A1l the parties
interested except the Mercantile Trust
Company of New York have agreed to
request the appointment of Charles W.
Smith as receiver for the Atlantic and-
Pacific Railroad to succeed John J. Me
Cook, whose resignation was presented to
Judge Collier, with that of Aldace F.
Walter. The appointment of a receiver
was deferred until to-morrow, when Attor
ney Green, counsel for the Mercantile
Trust Company will be here. The court
refused to consolidate the t«vo cases
brought by the first and second mortgage
bondholders.
Prosperity of Colorado.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 9.-John B.
Farish, a prominent mining engineer of
Denver, says that. Colorado has not only
completely recovered from the silver
panic, but has become one of the most
prosperous States in the Union. When it
found that silver was not profitable it
turned its attention to gold-mining, with
the result that last year it produced
$17,000,000 in gold— an increase in the year
of $6,ooo,ooo— and this year the yield
promises to be much greater. This makes
Colorado the first in rank as a gold-pro
ducer. Cripple Creek, which has recently
become famous, is only one of many
localities where rich gold deposits have
been found.
Ex-Governor Marshall Bead.
ST. PAUL, Minx., Jan. 9.— A private
telegram was received here to-day by rela
tives of ex-Governor W. R. Marshall of
Minnesota, stating that he died last night
at Pasadena, Cal., where he went two
years ago for his health.
\ JO
Your short - trousered son,
bring him to us to-day. Some
awfully swell Blue and Black
Cheviot Suits ; some awfully
nice All-Wool Tweeds, in fash-
ionable colorings, for lads be-
tween the ages of 6 and 15.
$5.00 was the price for some,
$4.50 and $4.00 for others. Now
-$2.50-
-(INCORPORATED).
2 Entire Buildings, 8 Floors.
34
FRESNO `S MYSTERIES
Nothing Learned of the Two
Contractors Who Are
Missing.
THE ANXIOUS LABORERS.
They Thronged the City Hall in
the Hope of Getting
Paid.
WOLCOTT'S FAMILY WORRIED.
His Wife and Friends Hold to the
Belief That He Is De
ranged.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 9.— Charles Good
fellow, the sewer contractor who owes his
laborers $1400, and whose whereabouts has
not been known during the past two days,
was the cause of considerable excitement
at the City Hall to-day.
The laborers had come thither, no one
knew exactly why. Most of them are
Russians and Portuguese, and they evi
dently thought that they might receive
some information as to the probability of
receiving their wages.
They lounged about in the City Record
er's courtroom during the entire day wait
ing for developments, but none came.
The City Trustees had a conference with
Goodfellow's bondsmen during the day re
garding the completion of the sewer con
tract, there being a small section of the
work to linish up. If Goodfellow does not
reappear his bondsmen will complete the
contract.
There stiil remains about $2500 in charge
of the City Treasurer, which Goodfeliow
was to have received on the final accept
ance of the work. The creditors of the
contractor have garnishced about $1000 of
this.
Reports are about that Goodfellow is
still in town and on a quiet spree, but the {
officers who have the warrant for his ar
rest are unable to iind him.
The woman with whom the contractor |
lived while here says that she does not \
know where he is and appears to be dis- 1
tressed at his desertion of her. She will
go to Sacramen to in the morning, she
says, to return home to her mother.
V. H. WOLCOTT STILZ ABSEST.
His J-'amih/ atid Friends Hold the Belirf
That lie Is Insane.
FRESNO, Cai.., Jan. 9.— Over two weeks
have now elapsed since C. H. AVolcott, the
mir.ins superintendiMit, disappeared while
on a business trip to San Francisco, and
nothing lias yet been heard of him.
Mrs. Wolcott and her* daughter are still
in the city, and they believe that Mr. Wol
i"U has become mentally deranged, duo
to wnrry over unsuccessful business affairs.
A few days ago they received .1 nil
from the Occid ental Hotel in San Fran
cisco, stating that some Christmas pres
ents for them which Mr. Wolcott had or
dered before he left were still there. Mrs.
Wolcott had them shipped to this city
and they proved to be silverware and other
similar articles
It is considered stranse that the missing
man should purchase such things, when it
is known that he was in severe financial
straits. Nothing of any consequence has
developed against the mining superinten
dent to cause him to desert lii.s family in
such an unceremonious manner, and tem
porary insanity seems to t>e the only plaus
ible theory for his disappearance.
A? in all cases of disappearance at pres
ent, some of Wolcott'fl friends think he
has gone to Cripple Creek. But it is diffi
cult to explain why he did not notify his
wife and daughter, to whom he was very
much attached, of the fact. Every effort
is being made to locate him, but as yet not
the slightest trace has been found. "So far
it loots like a hopeless undertakins.
NEWS OF LOS ANGELES
Cowles' Suit Against the South
ern Pacific to Be Filed
To-Day.
William Cowan, the Druggist, Died
From the Burns Sustained
New Year's Night.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 9.—To
morrow morning there -/Fill be filed in the
Superior Court a complaint against the
Southern Pacific Company for damages in
the sum of $25,000.
The suit is brought by E. R. Cowles,
the story of whose ejectment from a train
was told in The Call on luesday.
Mr. Cowles has been very much embar
rassed by his detention here. He was
without money, and has been obliged to
pawn his watcii until he can receive the
remittance forwarded to Tucson. His
attorneys state that he has the best case
they have ever seen.
A perverse blindness seemed to have
Bioo of the ticket inspector, who ig
nored all the evidence of identification
offered by M r. Cowles.
Mr. Cowles lives at Battle Creek. Mich.,
and travels for a wholesale clothing firm of
New York.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. o.— William
L. Cowan, who kept the drugstore on
Upper Main street, died yesterday morn
ing from the • ffects of severe burns on the
upper portion <>f the body.
»»:i New Year's night* Mr. Cowan went
with some companions to celebrate his
Mxty-iifth birthday. On his return home
the lamp on the table by which ha was
st'ateil exploded, ami Mr. Cowan was se
verely ana fatally burned about the head
and neck.
lit- was taken to the hospital and lin
gered until yesterday.
An inquest on tlie'body of the deceased
wbs hi Id yesterday and the facts as given
were developed, and a verdict of "acci
dental death" was returned.
s.:s nLH.\AJtinyo\s officials.
Two Ousted Jla/ticulturnl Commissioners
Want to Krrp Their I'iarrs.
BAN BERNARDINO. Cal., Jan. 9.—
While the two Horticultural Commission
ers were rushing about to try and keep in
office as against the edict of the Board of
Supervisors that tnere should be only one
Commissioner the latter have determined
to leave no loophole by which their places
can be overturned.
They accordingly passed the following
resolutions: ' ; Whereas, the term of office
of H. B, Muscott and Dr. .7. H. J'ierson,
r.v Horticultural Commissioners, has ex
pired by limitation; therefore, be it re
solved, that this board hereby declare said
office vacant."
The Supervisors claim that they have a
perfect right to do as they have done, and
that it will head off the idea that a man is
in office until his successor is chosen, as
has been claimed by the two members re
cently ousted. The two members let out
are loath to quit and intend to see if the
Supervisors can do as they have done.
MjLD ACT OF A UKIAH 31AX.
While Drunk He Takes a Shot at His
Wife Hit/tout Any Cause.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 9.— George Kenzie. a
laborer in Smith 6c Hill's iivery stable of
this place, to-day tired a shot at his wife,
who is a waitress in the I'kiah House.
Kenzie was arrested by Constable Lee L.
Harbert and taken before Justice of the
Peace L. S. Sullivan, who placed him
under bonds of .SIOOO to keeu the peace.
Ii: default of bonds he was committed to
the county jail for six months.
Kenzie was under the influence of liquor
at the time be fired the shot. No trouble
had previously existed between himself
and wife.
To Get a Good Coach.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cat... Jan.
9. — The executive committee of the Asso
ciated Students met last evening and re
ceived the report of Treasurer Hinsdill.
It was decided by the committee to
rescind its recent action appropriating
$200 for the use of the track men. Tract
Manager Brown had intended to use this
money, with a fund raisod by subscrip
tion, for the purpose of fretting a Rood
Eastern coach to train the athletes for
tbeir work against Berkeley. This action
of the committee will prevent the pro
posed plan, but Manager Brown still
hopes to secure the services of local train
ers in special branches.
The', rack is to be rolled down nest week
and practice will then begin. Several new j
athletes of more or less ability will go into |
bard training, and every effort will be '■
made to win from Berkeley this semester. I
PORTLAND'S YOUNG FIENDS
Two Schoolboys Attempt to
Blow Up the Failing
School.
They Scatter Two Hundred Dynamite
Cartridges About the Yard
and Building.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan 9.— What was evi
dently meant for an attempt to blow up
the Failing School was frustrated by the
timely discovery to-day of about 20U
I dynamite cartridges scattered in the yard
; and about the basement of the school
! buildings.
About the premises the schoolchildren
to-day picked up dozens of cartridges
; which had evidently b en placed around
'■ the -chool for murderous purposes.
Professor Hossiter, principal of the
I school, was advised of the lind, and
i promptly sent for the police. I:i the
I meantime he collected the cartridges from
' the children.
The investigation which followed this
' afternoon disclosed the fact that on Sun
day the powder magazine near Fulton
Park was robbed. The theft was com
■ mined by AVili Kcssler, alias Mount Hood,
1 18 years old, and his accomplice was a
; younger lad named Jim ISackenstos. The
' fact was also developed that the crime
originated in Kesslers mind, and that he
exercised ruuch influence over the younger
I boy.
The boys packed off all the cartridges
they could carry. They scattered them not
I only about the Failing schoolnouse and
grounds, but also beneath the bridges and
: sidewalks in South Portland. One of the
: lads of the school said that the young
| thieves distributed- the cartridges to get
the other boys to explode them. That no
horrible tragedy followed this distribution
! of cartridges is regarded as miraculous.
IfELAYEIi UY ROUGH WEATHER.
| Arrival of the lihosina 7%'ith Advices
Fro nt- II awii ii •
ASTORIA, Ob., Jan. 9.— The delayed
steamer Rbosina arrived safe after thirteen
j days from Honolulu. Si.c was delayed by
i the weather. The missing steamer Mio
| wera had not been sighted. She brought
Honolulu news to December 26.
Dr. Underwood and J. K. Sheridan,
alias Morrow, charged with conspiracy to
overthrow the Government of Hawaii, had
their preliminary examination on the 231
and were committed for trial. Bail was
refused. The chief witnesses were Paul
Neumann, former attorney for the ex-
Quenn, and Fred Hayselden, proprietor of
Lanai.
The substance of their testimony was
thut the accused had tried to negotiate
with Hayselden and his attorney, Neu
mann, for the cession of the island of
Lanai to a syndicate of sporting men to
make it a Monte Carlo, where races, prize
tights, lotteries and the like could be
carried on. The syndicate would furnish
means to restore the Queen on condition
of her granting the necessary lottery fran
chise. ,
It was proposed to send down a force,
seize the island steamers, transport large
bodies of the Queen's adherents from
Muni and ililo to Oahu and capture the
Government.
The defense took the ground that no
definite plan was formed, and the whole
tiling was but a dream.
The tug Ellen captured the opium
schooner Henrietta, from Victoria, B. C,
with 7400 pounds of opium on board. The
capture was made on the 2:? d, when the
Henrietta was at anchor closs in shore,
six miles north of Waianae plantation.
The master, Anderson, a passenger, C. E.
Gale, and four men are now here in prison.
The Henrietta had been dodging about
the islands for two weeks. Anderson
claims to have put in in distress, having
been driven out of his course to La Paz,
Mex., for which port he was cleared. Hart
well and Thurston are retained for the de
fense of the smugglers.
A BJCICX.JE TO MIST.
To Ride From Fall Hirer, Mass., to San
I'ritnr'iHco and lielnrn.
FRESNO, Cai... Jan. fl.-Jonn H. Witts,
a resident of Fall River, Mass., arrived in
Fresno last night, having made the trip
on a bicycle.
He carries with him a letter from Mayor
William B. Green of Fail River, dated
September 27, addressed to ail whom it
may concern. He is to make the trip
from Fall River to San Francisco and re
turn, and from the story he relates he has
had a journey up to date that lias given
him variety enough fora long life.
Witts carve by way of Buffalo, Cleveland,
Chicago, Kansas City, Las Vegas and Los
Angele*. In New Mexico he encountered
great hardships in snow and ice in the
Sun Francisco mountains.
At Malaga, live miles south of this city,
his wheel broke down for the first time on
the trip. He lett for San Francisco this
evening.
Ao Trace of the E tiling.
HALIFAX. X. 8., Jan. 9.— No trace of
the missing crew of the wrecked steamer
Baling has been found as vet, and the
opinion prevails that all Hands were lost.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896.
RECEIVERS REMOVED
Northern Pacific No Longer
Under Bonner and
Mills.
SUCCESSOR APPOINTED, j
A. F. Burleigh the Choice of
Federal Circuit Judge
Gilbert.
OPPOSED AT ST. PAUL OFFICE.
The Court Speaks Highly of the
Other Receivers and Their
Faithfulness.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 9. — Upon re- \
ceiving notice of the removal of the ;
Montana receivers and his own appoint
ment to-day by Federal Circuit Judge j
Gilbert at Helena as their successor, mak
ing him sole receiver of the Northern Pa- ;
cine Railroad for the States of Wash- j
ington, Oregon, Idaho and Montana, j
Andrew F. Burleigh appeared in the i
United States Circuit Court and took the j
oath of office and riled a bond in the sura
Of $100,000.
Judge Gilbert's action gives Receiver
Burleigh the whiphandle in the celebrated
railroid fight, empowering him, under the
supervision of the Federal courts, with
the absolute management of the great
property within the four States named.
Concerning the final solution of the
question, which has set at loggerheads
several United States courts, neither Mr.
Burleigh nor any other person concerned
in the Northern Pacific probably could
tell.
Prominent railroad officials here claim
that Burleigh'a appointmeut, which gives
him many additional powers, by Judge
Gilbert, who continues to ignore Bigelow
and McHenry, the receivers named by
Judge Jenkins, was bitterly opposed in the
general offices at St. Paul, and that the re
port sent out yesterday from Milwaukee
was done for the purpose of influencing
the Circuit Judge not to do that which he
did decree.
As to the proposition of unifying the re
ceivership of the entire Northern Pacitic
road, Burleigh said:
"I understand that the attorneys repre
senting the various parties in the Northern
Pacific litigation have applied to Judges
Field, Harlan, Brewer and Perkham for
an order making a united receivership of
the whole Northern Pacitic property. I
am not advised, however, with what re
sult."
HELENA, Mont.. Jan. P.— Messrs.
Bonr.erand Miller are no longer receivers of
the Northern Pacific Railroad. Andrew
F. Bnrleigh has been made sole receiver
by Judge Gilbert of Portland upon consent
of all parties concerned.
The session of court was very brief, last
ing not more than fifteen minutes. Few
words were said by the attorneys on either
side, but the little that was said counted.
At 10:25 o'clock Judge Gilbert walked
into the courtroom, followed by several
personal friends. When all interested
had had an opportunity to speak, Judge
Gilbert said :
'The affair before us this morning does
not so much concern the personnel of the
receivership as it does the harmonious
management of the road. There are no
imputations cast upon the actions of
Messrs. Bonner and Mills, and I have as
surances that the gentlemen have done
their duty faithfully and well. I have the
utmost respect for Judge Knov-ies and his
action in this matter, but I must say that
I differ from him in regard to the man
agement of the line. I shall therefore set
aside the order appointing Messrs. Bon
ner and Mills and in their stead will ap
point Mr. Burleigh, fixing his bond at
$l(X),000."
A recess was then taken until 2 o'clock.
SAN LUIS OBISPO AROUSED
The Grand Jury Charges the
Supervisors With Ex
travagance.
A Note of Defiance Sounded by the
Supervisors in a Set of Reso
lutions.
SAN LUIS OBIsrO, Cai,., Jan. 9. -The
recent Grand Jury in its report censured
the Board of Supervisors as being extrava
gant and very careless in handling the
public money.
The board was in session to-day and re
plied to the action of the Grand Jury by
the adoption of the following resolution:
"It appearing from the report of the
Graod Jury presented in December to the
Superior Court that that body had de
nounced this board for its extravagance in
conducting the affairs of the county and
expending its funds, now, therefore, this
board defies the Grand Jury, and any
member thereof, to produce evidence that
the nuances of the county have not been
handled fairly, honestly and with proper
care and fidelity, and this board hereby
denounces said report as unfair and un
just and not Warranted in fact."
STOCKTOy POOLSELLEItS.
All Sight With the Supervisors, but Out
Not With the Council.
. STOCKTON, Cai,., Jan. 9.— The book
makers and poolsellersare again in trouble.
On Monday they won a victory in the
Board of Supervisors-, which reduced their
county license from $15 per day to $75 per
month.
Their elation is now subsiding as the City
Council proposes to take a hand, and will,
in all probability, pass an ordinance which
will carry a tax on their business that will
prove prohibitory.
To-day the dealers had trouble over se
curing reports from Ingleside, and it was
late in the afternoon before they could do
any business, and by that time the usual
crowd of sports were seeking money some
where else.
They have brought an operator from
San Francisco to handle their business,
ana propose to make the most of the time
uutil the Council imposes the proposed tax.
THE STOCKTON SiriNliUlsß.
Jtoekwcll found Guilty by a Jury Tester
day in a 7-Vir Minute*.
STOCKTON, Cai,., Jan. 9.— The trial of
J. W. Rockwell, accused of having swin
dled two island sheepowners out of 1117
sheep, worth $3 each, was resumed in
Judge Budd's court this morning. Attor
neys Morf and Jacobs pleaded Rockwell's
case, and Assistant District Attorney Dev
ri^p raa de the argument for the ocople.
i The case was Riven to the jury at 11:20
o clock, and shortly afterward a verdict of
guilty was rendered.
Rockwell will be sentenced next Mon
day.
Stockton National Guard.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 9.-At the
special election in Company F, Sixth Reg
iment, N. G. C, held last night, William
Bruce was unanimously chosen as captain
in the place of William M. Simpson, who
had to withdraw from the National Guard
to retain his position on the police force.
The fight between Second Lieutenant
Katon and Sergeant Duffy for the first
lieutenancy was a hot one. Duffy won, re
ceiving thirty-four votes to his opponent's
twenty-one. Edward B. Mclnerney was
promoted to the office of first sergeant,
made vacant by Duffy's election.
The San Joaquin River.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 9.— The J. D.
Peters aid not arrive to-day until 3 o'clock.
The San Joaquin River is reported to be
in the worst condition for years and at
places almost unnavigable.
SAX BEXXAItniyo OFFICIAL.
Road Matter Johnson Arrested on Grand
Jury Indictment for Perjury.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal.. Jan. 9.— J.
M. Johnson, a prominent citizen of Vic
tor, was this morning lodged in the county
jail on the charge of perjury, preferred by
the Grand Jury, the indictment being re
turned last night.
Johnson's friends were greatly excited
over the arrest, and are loud in their de
nunciation of those who pushed the case
against him.
For some time past Johnson has been
road master of the First Supervisorial Dis
trict, and the charges against him are that
he has been overcharging the county for
his work and also putting in bills for work
never performed, in one instance charerinc
for twenty-three days' work at $5 per day,
when he was only entitled to $3, and when
he did not work twenty-three days as
claimed. This occurred in June, 1895.
China Stranirr Arrive* Late,
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 9.— The China
steamer Rhosina. twelve days overdue,
atrived here to-day. She reports en
countering terrific gales for the past ten
days.
NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Smith, the Expelled Colored
Preacher, Beats His
Wife Brutally.
Seeley. the Absconding Hotel Clerk,
Returned to San Francisco Last
Night.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. o.— Rev. G. H. W.
Smith, who was expelled from the church
by the African Methodist Episcopal
Church Zion Conference held in thiscity
last week for lying and conduct unbecom
ing a minister of the gospel, has left for
other parts, leaving numerous small bills
unpaid.
The Rev. Mr. Smith and his wife came
here severai months ago, and conducted re
ligious meptincs on the street corners.
Smith was a smooth talker, and it was
not long before he had established credit
around town.
He rented a house and made arrange
ments to furnish it on the installment
plan. He visited the furniture-stores of
J. B. Chambers and W. Davis and mads
arrangements to secure some furniture.
From these two stores he secured about
$20 worth of furniture. After having the
furniture about a week he sold it to second
hand deaiers, thus pocketing a handsome
profit.
Smith borrowed money from nearly
every one with whom he came in contact,
and his indebtedness will probably reach
$100.
Monday night Smith gave his wife a ter
rible beating because he had seen her talk
ing to another man.
Smith is about 50 years of ace, while his
wife is hardly out of her teens. He met
her a short time aco in Los Angeles.
They are supposed to be in San Francisco.
SEELEI THE ABSCUXT>ER.
lie Was Taken to San Francisco by
Detectives I. nut Night.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 9.— A. W. Seeley,
who absconded with (2600 while employed
as bookkeeper in the Kuss House in -San
Francisco and who was captured by
Deputy Sheriff Tennant last evening, was
taken to San Francisco this forenoon by '•
Detective Callundan of Morse's detective
agency.
Great credit is due Deputy Sheriff Ten
nant for the clever capture . of Seeley.
About ten days ago Tennant received in
formation tilat Seefef hud deposited a
certificate of deposit for $1500 with a local
merchant as security for a small Joan.
Th's aroused his suspicion, and he at once
put a watch on ,'>eley's movements.
Yesterday the Ban Francisco authorities
were notified, and word was received last
evening to arrest him, as he was wanted
for embezzlement. •
the srvtsjtrisoßS' coxrExriox.
May 11 liccidrd On an the Time for the
Annual Gathering.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Jan. 9.— The Board of
Supervisors yesterday afternoon decided
\ipon Monday, May 11, as the time for
holding the annual Supervisors' conven
tion.
At the last meeting, held in San Fran
cisco, this city was selected as the next
placo of meeting, but the time ot calling
the convention was left to the local board.
The object of the convention is to get
the Supervisors of the various counties to
gether and discuss matters pertaining to
good roads and the enactment of laws for
county government.
Dead Cliinaman Identified.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 9.— Coroner Se
cord held an inquest this morning upon
the remains of the Chinaman found near
Wayne Station yesterday.
The deceased was identified as Chue
Hing, a laborer. He was about 45 years of
age and had been in America about ten
years. Death resulted from heart disease.
The Tireach of I'romime Case.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 9.— Argument in
the l'yle-I'icrcy breach of promise case
was resumed this.mornirg. E. E.Cothran
and T. V. Cator," counsel for defendant
Piercy, made their arguments to-day.
W. P. Veuve, plaintiff's attorney, had just
commenced his argument when an ad
journment was taken until Monday.
A Ilazor- Jf'iclder Sentenced.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 9. -Joe Locket,
who assaulted Fred Mason with a razor on
Christmas evening, and who was charged
with assault to commit murder, was al
lowed to plead guilty to a charge of ex
hibiting a deadly weapon in Justice Gass'
court this morning. He was sentenced to
180 days in the county jail.
Romano's Mouse Entered,
SAN JOSE, Cai-., Jan. 9.— The residence
of G. Romano, at 757 Orchard street, was
burglarized yesterday afternoon during
the absence of the family. Entrance was
affected through a side window. Some
jewelry and $19 were stolen.
NEWS OF SANTA CRUZ.
Another Suit Filed Against
the Electric Light
Company.
SERIOUS CHARGES MADE.
Plaintiff Swanton Alleges Fraud
of the Grossest Char
acter.
FINE SCHEME OF FKEEZE-OTJT.
Impressive Funeral Ceremony Over
the Remains of Levi Hannah of
the Pomona.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 19.— Still an
other suit was filed in the Superior Court
this morning, making it the fourth one
that Fred W. Swanton has tiled in the past
few weeks against the Santa Cruz Electric
Light and Power Company, James Mc-
Neil, Louise McNeil and James Aitken. 1
In the complaint Mr. Swanton asks that
the assessment upon the capital stock of
the company be annulled, that the com
pany be enjoined from selling the stock
declared delinquent, and that a temporary
injunction issue to-day restraining the
defendant company from carrying out the
delinquent sale advertised for January 9.
Mr. Swanton makes a number of charges
in this complaint, some of which are
quite serious. He claims the assessment
was a scheme to freeze out Mr. Swanton
and his company, plaintiffs, and also al
leges fraud in the voting of the 500 shares
of capital stock alluded to in the previous
suits. It is claimed that McNeil ownad
or controlled almo3t a majority of the cap
ital stock, and in ori'.er to secure a major
ity and freeze out the plaintiffs he had
issued 800 shares of the capital stock ot
the corporation, and these he transferred
to W. D. Hasiam, cashier of the City Bank,
but the transfer was never made upon the
books of the company.
Swanton, as secretary, was persuaded
by McNeil to si™n the transfer under the
pretense that in consideration of the stock
Mr. Ha.clam would carefully keep the
books of the light company. Mr. Swanton
further alleges that the reason for the
transfer was to incline the bank in favor of
McNeil, so that the 500 shares of stock
would be voted as directed by McNeil,
also that the books were kept in such a
manner that it was necessary for an ex
pert to be called in to extricate them.
The complaint also shows that James
McNeil never paid his assessment in United
States gold coin as provided, but that he
assumed the assessments of I. L. Thurber.
Louise R. McNeil and James Aitken, and
had them charged to himself upon the
books of the company. The assumed as
sessments, with McNeil's assessment of
|8092 50, amounted to $10,172, and this
debt he balanced against the same amount
of credits alleged to be due him by the
company.
The complaint states also that James
Aitken is nut a lepally elected director
and that F. \V. Swnnton, as secretary,
never signed the assessment or*der.
This morning Judge Logan issued a
restraining order to McNeil et ai., en
joining them from going on with the de
linquent sale, and ordering them to appear
in court on February 14, to show cause
why they should not be enjoined from
such sale until the determination of the
action.
FUSE It OF I, Ell II A* X AH.
An Impressive, Ceremony and Many
Heautlful floral Offerings.
SANTA CRUZ, Cat,., Jan. The fun
eral of the late Captain Levi Hannah of the
steamer Pomona, who died at his home
in San Francisco Tuesday evening, took
place this afternoon from the residence of
his sister-in-law, Elizabeth Chace of this
city.
The funeral was attended by his many
friends and by the Branciforte Lodge
No. 90, I. O. O. F., and Santa Cruz
Encampment, I. O. O. F., No. 30, in which
lodges he held membership.
The services were conducted by Rev.
C. O. Tillotson, rector of Calvary Episco
pal Church, and the interment was in the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Among the many handsome floral
pieces was a model of the steamer Po
mona in purple violets, the hull and the
letters of the name outlined in white rlow
ers. The pall-boarers were Captain George
Suear, G. L. Anderson, Charles Kaye, 11.
S. Miller, L. S. Harmon and E. S. West.
Saiita Cruz Salmon Hun.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 9.— To-day
four boats were fishing for salmon. Jack
son caught fifty-four, Burkland forty-four,
F. Gable twenty-eight, J. Buck!).
Five years ago the salmon were here in
January. Many boats will go out 10-mor
mw. the sea being very smooth this line
weather.
OREGON MINERS COMBINE
They Formed a Southern Oregon
Association Last Mon
day.
Mutual Protection and the Passage
of Mining Laws the Prime
Objects.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Jan. 9.— A large
and representative bo'ly of miners con
vened Monday, the 6th inst., at Grants
Pas^ for the purpose of organizing a
miners' association for Southern Oregon.
Professor William H. Hampton was
elected president. Professor Hampton is
a member of the firm of Hampton &
Lewis, who have invested over $100,000 in
ditciies and hydraulic machinery in
Josephine County.
"William Ruble, elected vice-president,
belongs to the Pioneer Miners of Oregon,
and is one of our best known and respected
citizens. A. C. Taylor, who occupies the
position of secretary, is one of the most
energetic and widely known young miners
in the State.
The constitution and by-laws adopted
by tne association are almost identical
with those governing the California Mi
ners' Association. It is the sincere desire
of the Southern Oregon association to co
operate with the miners of California in
securing proper National legislation and
take an united stand on the mineral land
question. Among the most prominent of
the members of the executive committee
are: John Bolt, K. M. Hickey, L. W.
Browning, :H. :A. Shorry, A. Stinson,
A. W. Wells and J. F. Stith.
The deliberations of the convention oc
cupied two days and a night. The first
day witnessed considerable turmoil, but
when the meeting was called to order on
the morning of the second day peace bad
spread its wings over the assembled dele
gates.
v The business men of Grants Pass gave a
handsome entertainment Monday night
in honor of the visiting miners. * Before
the closing of the proceedings Tuesday,
the most enthusiastic feeling prevailed,
The roll for membership in the association
was eagerly signed and all necessary steps
taken toward establishing a permanent
office in Grants Pass for the secretary and
rooms for miners.
The next meeting of the association will
take place at the headquarters at Grants
I ass November next. The executive com
mittee will meet the third Monday in Feb
ruary in Grants Pass.
IDAHO MISEHS PERISH.
They Gtt Lost in the Mount a hit, but One
lleachea Spolenne Alive.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 9.— Richard
Snyder was brought to this city from
Idaho to-day in a dying condition.
He, with two other miners, named John
Brunson and J. C. Walters, were over
taken in a terrible storm in the mountains
of Northern Idaho.
Becoming lost, they wandered for days
seeking a settlement. Brunson died on
the fourth day and Walters perished the
following clay.
By a superhuman effort Snyder con
tinued on and Yesterday reached Athol,
Idaho: He was sent to the hospital here,
but there is little chance for his recovery.
FATE OF THE MIOIVERA.
The Steamship Warimoo (Till Bring Xeivs
of Her to Victoria To- l>ay.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 9.— Local Agent
McGinnis of the Canadian Pacific says the
fate of the Canadian Australia liner xMio
wera, last seen December 23 off Cape Flat
tery, will be known on the arrival at Vic
toria to-morrow morning of the company's
steamship Warimoo.
"If the Miowera was not lost after leav
ing the Strathnevis in consequence of the
partincr of the former's hawsers she reached
Honolulu," says Mr. MeGinnis, and, he
thinks, not later than Decsmber 3L
As the Warimoo, from Sydney, did not
leave Honolulu, Victoria bound, until Jan
uary lor 2, MrGinnis says she will cer
tainly have information, good or bad.
General Agent Brown ot the steamship
line is now in Victoria anxiously awaiting
the Warimoo's arrival.
JACKSON MIN ING CLAIMS.
The Better Hope Mine Located
for Charles Peters on
Monday.
H Runs Under a Portion of the Town's
Most Valuable Building
Property.
JACKSON, Cal., Jan. 9.-On Monday
some time the Better Hope mining claim
of Charles Peters wa? located by V. Mon
terichard of Jackson as the Jackson Town
site a nartz- mining claim.
The Better Hope, which is the north
extension of the Good Hope, has been
clair. °d by Mr. Peters for many years; in
fact, since the time of its first location
back in the fifties. The mining ground,
or ledge, runs under the townsite patent.
and the northern portion of it is under the
most valuable town property.
At the same time James A Greenwood
located an extensi ort north of the Belter
Hupe. calling it the Jackson Townsite
quartz-mining claim No. 2. This location
is ."00 leer wide and 1500 feet long, parallel
with and under the main street of the
town.
As in all such matters, there in a differ
; ence of opinion among our people as to
j the right of Greenwood to the quartz un
i der the townsite patent; or, rather, as to
| the right of the people who own lots in
the townsite to the mineral which lies un
der them, the patent from the Govern
ment reading: "Subject to the right of
the proprietor of a vein or lode to extract
and remove his ore therefrom, should the
j same be found to penetrate or intersect the
; premises hereby granted, as provided by
! far."
Still, a? mining is our chief industry,
and upon it our prosperity a* a town de
pends, there is liable to be "little objection
to the Greenwood location.
THE NEWS OF STANFORD.
Baseball Prospects Are Not as
Bright as They Have
Been.
Names of the Students Upon Whom
the Various Degrees Were Con
ferred Yesterday.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Jan.
8. — The baseball prospects for Stanford are
not as bright as thay have been in past
years, owing to the large number of play
firs who graduated last year, or who have
leit the university during the year.
But four of the old Varsity team are on
deck for the start this semester. They
are Pincus '98, Jeffs '98, Young '97 and
Captain MoLaine '96.
There are several men who "subbed"
last season and who will doubtless be able
to make the nine this year. In addition
to these ten new players have announced
their intention of trying for positions ttiis
year. If possible the management will
bring down a coach from San Francisco
to put the boys in condition, and, as the
grounds are to be made ready for play
next .Friday, it begins to look "as though
Stanford meant business.
Cantain William McLaloe, who will
have cbarge of t c team this year, has
played with the nine since his entry in
Stanford with the class of '96. He is one of
the Varsity's best pitchers and strongest
all round players. His major course is
economics and he expects to graduate
this year.
All that Mr. McLaine would say regard
ing his plans was that hard work would
begin next week. There will be rive
practice games each week, and all candi
dates are expected to appear in uniform
on the grounds. No games have yet been
scheduled, bur some outside matches will
be played as soon as possible. If faculty
opposition is removed the team hopes to
make a trip this year.
To-day the following degrees were con
ferred on the students named:
Baenelor of arts : In Latin— Miss C. M. Gup
py, Miss M. F. Guppy. P
In German— C. C. Hill
In English— W. W. Potter, Miss I. C.Whittier
In history— Miss M. 11. Cory, J. A. Longley
In law— J. C. Applewhite, R. P. Gilliam, P. M
Gregg, W. J. Matthews.
In mathematics— J. L. Dunn, Miss M. E.
Holmes.
In chemistry — L. Allen, J. B. Frankenheimer,
E. R. Lyman.
In botany— F. H. Billings. F. J. Jack, Miss
A. M. Kidwell.
In physiology— W. F. Blakey, H. Harris, E. L.
Relchenbach, Miss Clara Stoltenberg.
In zoology— c. Rimer.
In Biology— J. J. Hollister, D. P. Metcalf, S.
Shedd.
Master of arts: In education— Miss A. S.
Ilolbroon.
In physics— S. W. ColUns.
SANTA ROSA EVENTS
Resignation of A. C. Abshire,
a Santa Rosa School
Teacher.
TOO MUCH IN POLITICS.
His Campaign Debts Grew So
Large They Caused In
solvency.
HE RAN FOR SUPERINTENDENT.
Sudden Death of Ex-Supervisor Van
Buren Davis— Robbery of Trenton
Postoffice.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 9.— Professor
A. C. Abshire has tendered his resignation
to the city Board of Education as a teacher
in the high school. The resignation was
accepted, to take effect to-morrow.
Abshire has been considered a successful
educator, but recent events have clouded
his reputation and handicapped his suc
cess as a teacher.
Last December Abshire filed a petition
in insolvency. His liabilities amount to
$2686 SO. Hfa assets consist of $,'J3<? worth
of exempt personal effects.
His bills are scattered throughout the
county. Most of them are under $100,
while a few range higher. Much of his in
debtedness consists of money borrowed
from nearly all the banks in the countu
and about half his bills are secured.
In view of this predicament of Abshire's
considerable feeling has been raised against
him. He is a youpg man and made an un
successful run during the last campaign
for County Superintendent of Schools on
the Democratic ticket. His condition is
largely due to campaign expenses.
I'ostofftee Thi'tea.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 9.— The post,
otlice at Trenton, nine miles from Saata
Ro^a, was robbed Wednesday evening by
two men, one a Mexican armed with a
sandbag, and the other an American who
carried a brace of revolvers.
Only the wife and daughter of Postmas
ter (i.a^s were present.
The robbers secured but a small booty,
about $10 in coin and stamps. The men
made off toward Sebastopol.
Ifeath of an t:x- Official.
SANTA ROSA, Cai.., Jan. 9.—Ex-Super
vi-or Van Bnren Davis died suddenly of
heart failure Wednesday night at his resi
dence in Santa Rosa.
Mr. Davis was well known all over the
county, and had a clean record aa a pub
lic ollicial.
BLOCKED li\ T.AMiSLIDES.
Great Delay of Traffic on the Costa Rica
Rnilrond.
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 9.— One thou
sand men are employed in repairing the
damage recently done by landslides to the
Costa Rica Kailroad. Every office on the
line has now been interrupted for more
than three weeks and it is impossible to
teli when it will resume.
Port Limon, t c eastern terminus of the
line, is crowded with passengers bound
for the interior, who are waiting as pa
tiently as may.be for the reopening of the
railway, rfuine of the passengers wno
grew tired of the long delay have returned
to this place, intending to go to their des
tination via I'iinama. There is a large
quantity of mail accumulated at Port
Limon.
To Join Bunce's fleet.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER, Dei,.,
Jan. 9. — The battle-ship Indiana passed
out to sea at 9 o'clocK this morning en
route from League Island Navy-yard to
Newport, R. I-. where she will get her tor
pedo outfit. She will then go to Gardi
ners Bay, L. 1., to test her suns, and then
will join Admiral Bunce's fleet at Hamp
ton Roads.
NEW TODAY.
**"T~7i™s7~£\ Health and strength
<j,rJh\ (urn c , arry us th / ough
/[ VS fs2r darters and make
/ fIM W^ us safe in the P r es-
<ry mi ence of Peril. Dis-
l r ease germs do no
J harm in a healthy
JqJ body. A germ is not
[[sPA a big thing, and it is
V,Ai,-^{ only physical weak-
/tf*Sy .^e3^ ness that makes it
(/LjSSSv dangerous. A per-
gigir ra fectly strong man
«*«! H blood, has nothing
fefp $&t\ \ to fear from perms.
W~"^ w9fflif\ \ He may - breathe iff
?mK?«A • the bacilli of con-
ttV&t&Zk \ sumption with im-
H'a&Wftm. \ ptinity. Nature is
mßlff/Jwßi \ continually working
ti/fUL//Mw to throw °ff any im-
wJM§r'J§f purities that may
Ffw/Jsf come into the body.^
mJtm//aM b ut ** there is a weal?
M&fjyfW P°t where the gern:s
ftS&lj&rMM may find an entrance to
\* : Mbttd&k the tissues, then the
mMBflyM trouble begins. Disease
mSmlaSvi germs propagate with
niMnHk. lightning-like rapidity.
|t |SW% Once in the blood, they
V^Bgft\ BJ quickly fill the whole
V^BW|^|f body. The only way to
Ret rid of them is to kill
JS^frjr them. This is what Dr.
Jefafcitf Tierce's Golden Medical
Ejk .£* Discovery is for. It pu-
Wsil rifies the blood. That
V&L means that it kills the
germs, but that is only
part of what it does. It assists in the di-
gestion of food and puts the digestive or-
gans in a perfect condition. It stimulates
the secretion of digestive fluids, so promot-
ing assimilation and nutrition. It fills the
blood full of healthy red corpuscles. It
purifies and enriches every drop of blood
in the whole body and so supplies the
tissues with the food they need. It builds
up strong, healthy flesh and puts the whole
body into a disease -resisting state.
Nine - tenths of all human ailments come
from the same cause — impurity in the
blood. Take almost any disease you please
and trace the cause of it — you will find it
in the blood. Purify and enrich the blood
and you remove the cause, and so you cure
the disease inevitably and infallibly. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery cure*
all diseases depending upon poor, impov-
erished, thin, impure blood.
: _^_^
f rills Indian VeptaMe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, I'liuples, and
purify the blood. /
Crossiii'isSriciitiiri
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet or
change In application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that Is of the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price $1 a
, bottle.PORTLAND LATE NEWS
Reorganization of the Ore
gon Railway and Navi
gation Company.
REPORT OF W. W. COTTON.
Result of the Committee Confer
ence in New York Satis
factory.
WM. GREEK HARRISON'S VIEWS.
He Expatiates at Length on the
Beauties and Advantages of
San Francisco.
DLAND, Or., Jan. 9.- Attorney W.
\\ . otton, one of the leading attorneys
affairs of the Oregon Railway and
N . gation Company, who has just re
turned from New York, where a confer
ence of the reorganization committee has
been in progress for several days, states
that a plan of reorganization has been
practically decided upon whereby it is
thought i hat the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company's affairs can he
wound up in about biz months and a new
company then organized ami directors
elected.
The plan of the new arrangement is
known to !.>e satisfactory to the Onion Pa
cific ami the Ore-oil Railway and Naviga
tion stockholders and bondholders.
Cotton states that the new arrangement
i> merely a modification oi the plan formu
lated and proposed by the reorganization
company last July, which was that the
trust agreement should run for fifty years.
That plan has now been cnanged so that
the trust a I terminates in ten
years, or whem ver 20 per cent of the pre
ferred stock is ] aid in dividends t>y the
ted by the common
. or when the com
mon -• c a 'juarantee to be
tory indemnity com
pany, aymentof :20 per cent
of the par value of the stock.
11. GREEK HAJ£ItISOX'& VIEWS.
Jh luii.s Kloquently of San Francisco's
Hcnutiea mttl A^Uvntttagrs.
V TLAXp, Or., Jan. 9. — William
Greer Harrison, San Francisco's schoh rly
critic, who is litre, in an extended inter
view on his native City's moral and social
life diplomatically evades con) mi tting him
self regarding the reports of the Bay City's
wickedness.
Mr. Harrison talks enthusiastically ot
tL- women of San Francisco, who, he says,
arc beyond compare.
"The men of San Francisco, taking the
.: generation, are not yet physically
ntally equal to the women," said Mr.
Harrison. There are physical and psychi
cal reasons for this— probably a too rapid
ipment, too generous <iiet. and, per
haps, tt»> unlimited supply of coin.
"We shall have poets, painters and art-
SCO, We shall huv
something of a scorn for mere drudgery of
commerce. But native genius of the true
type will build upon ttie Pacific Coast a
city which shall be a combination of an
cient Venice and romantic Florence."
[n answer to a question us io what his
Opinion was of >an Francisco's morals,
Mr. H.ir: son said, that taking into con
sideration the City's cosmopolitan charac
ter, climate, continental humors, and its
generous diet, it has a moral standard
r than any other city in the United
-
"It may be said that an excess of sun
shine and an exceedingly rigid morality
do not quite agree. For myself 1 prefer
"The rich, yet easily digested olive,
fig and almond, and an abundant
sb, washed down by a plenteous
•' honest -.vine, you will find, as a
rule, where these conditions obtain,
that women of that land are beautiful;
that the song of that iand is rk-h, and that
convential lines are not rigid. Youwillfind
•nen. as well as women, in love with music
: with art in all their phases. You
will tind people lighthearted, generous,
passionate lovers of life and nature, ex
tremely unselfish, but not subject to any
great extent to religious dogmas.
'•It is an exceedingly bobemian town.
se that a little sin pops up its head
here ami there, suppose that love is not
always in irons, and suppose that cham
pagne tiows very freely? Well, that is
only to say there are a few weeds in the
blissful Arcadian garden where the pro
fusion of rich and beautiful flora obscures
the rank undergrowth."
CHARITY OF CATHOLICS.
Good Work of St. A'incent'i Society
Among the Poor Irrespective of
Creed or Kao«-.
The particular council, or central com
mittee of St. Vincent de Paul's Society,
met last night in an assembly hall at St.
Mary's Cathedral. The councils of all
parishes in San Francisco were rep.-esentea
a:id mucti enthusiasm was manifested in
t li . - proceedings. Several clergymen, mem
bers of the charitable society, were pres
ent and participated in the discussions.
John M. Burnett occupied the chair.
The question which called out the live
liest and longest debate was that of divia
beqoest araonc the several branches
or councils. Richard Carroll left the so
ciety some money, of which ?45Q0 was in
the treasury awaiting distribution.
• ral of the delegates present argued
in favor of distributing the money in equal
sums to the councils, hut this proposition
■ th rigorous objection from other
parts of the house, where a pro rate basis
v ac upheld with considerable spirit.
After prolonged discussion the meeting
ed to divide the bequest on a pro
rata estimate of the reports of the last
year from parish councils, and by that
means the large and populous parishes
will receive finite handsome stuns for dis
tribution among their deserving poor with
out reterence to creed or race.
Reports for the month of December were
read from nine parista councils, showing
that a great deal of charitable work was
di>ne in that time, as follows:
St. Patrick's— Families relieved during the
month, 30; persons in same, 120; visits made,
90. Expenditures— $124 50; coal,
$23:25; medicine, 88; clothing and shoes,
$15 50; each, $10; sundries, $4 75.
Mission Dolores- Families relieved, <;; per
sons in samp, 19: visits made, 9. Expendi
tures Groceries, $17.
St. Uos«'s— Families relieved, 14; persons in
same, 30; visits made, 25. Expenditures—
Groceries .*35; i teal tickets, £7 'J5; con!, 95;
cash, >l . .
.-«< rru Heart— families relieved, C; persons
in same, 30; visits made, 21. Expenditures —
Groceries, 815 ; meats, $3; coal, ; rent, %5 ;
clothing; ,*5; cash, .$3 50.
St. Joseph's— Families relieved. 42; persons
in same, 154; visits made, 170. Expendl
tares—Groceries, $89 05; meats, $14; meal
tickets, $3: coal, $14 30; rent, $4; clothing,
!£U; cash, $4 (55.
St. Francis— relieved, 12; persons
in same, 22; visits made, 15. Expenditures—
Groceries, $16; meats, s2; bread tickets, 81;
coal, $2; cash, s6 75.
St. Families relieved, 5; persons in
same, 15; visits made, 12. Expenditures—
"For charitable purposes In cash and grocer
ies," $(51 20.
s;. Peter's— Families relieved. 10; persons in
sum.'. 46; rtslta made, 27. Expenditures-
Groceries, 820; meat, $18 '25; conl, $3 50;
cash. $45 50.
St. Brendan's— Families relieved, 12; persons
in same, CO; visits made, 24. Expenditures—
Groceries, $25; meats, $1 25; meal tickets, 75
Cents; coal, 5u cents; rent. $3; cash, $2.
Ail this good work has been done by
members of the St. Vincent do Paul Soci
ety without reward of any kind and with
out the aid of salaried officers.
GOVERNOR JONES.
The Malignant Cancer Is Liable to
Carry Him Away at Any
Moment.
Governor John E. Jones of Nevada, who
is lying near death at the Palace Hotel,
cannot recover, so his physicians state.
His condition was unchanged yesterday.
The disease is cancer of the stomach, as
was admitted by his physicians and as was
toid in these columns yesterday.
The Governor hay made his will. Sena
tor Williams drew it up, and it was signed
in the presence of the Governor's private
secretary, John G. Hanson, and others.
Governor Jones' two children arrived from
Nevada yesterday morning. There have
been many inquiries as to the Governor's
condition. He has the best attention, but
his demise is regarded as likely to occur at
any time.
It is said all his property will co to his
wife.
The Governor has been in ill-health for
many months. He came to this City early
in the tali, thinking he might get relief by
a change of climate. He knew his disease
was stomach trouble, but did not till lately
know it was cancerous in character. He
expected over a month ago to be able in a
few days to return to Nevada.
Hewasfeelinj temporarily better. Im
mediately afterward he had a relapse, and
he has never fully recovered from it. All
he was able to do was to come down from
his room for an hour or two at a time.
SCOTTISH RITE ELECTION
Officers Chosen in This City Yes
terday by the California
Consistory.
Charles L. J. W. Pierce of Oakland Is
the Grand Master— The An
nual Banquet.
At the annual session held yesterday in
Masonic Temple the following officers
were elected by the Grand Consistory Mas
■>f the Royal Secret, thirty-second
degree, of the Ancient and Accepted Scot
tish Rite of Freemasonry, in and for the
Charles Lewis Parker. Past Grand Master
of Grand Consistory, Elected Grand
Minister of State.
State of California, the officers to serve for
the ensuing year:
'harles L. J. W. Pierce of Oakland, grand
master.
Harry J. Lask of San Francisco, grand prior.
Webb N. Pearce of Oakland, grand preceptor.
Charles A. Wagner of San Francisco, grand
constable.
Louis Meyer of San Francisco, grand admiral.
Charles L. Patton of San Francisco, grand
minister of Btate.
Columbus Waierbouse of San Francisco,
grand chancellor.
Charles K. < ; i llett of Oakland, grand almoner.
George J. llube of San Francisco, grand regis
trar.
Llppman Sachs of San Francisco, grand
keeper seals and archive-.
Samuel \V. Levy of San Francisco, grand
treasurer.
iicorge Patterson of Oakland, grand primate.
John L. M. Bhetterley of Sao Francisco, grand
muster of ceremonies.
Frank KoenigofSan Francisco, grand expert.
Daiiiien E. Fortlnof Oakland, grand assistant
expert.
August L. Ott of Oakland, grand beansenifer.
Thaddeua ii. Kent of San Francisco, srrand
bearer battle-flag.
Albert H. Merritt of Oakland, grand master
Of KUHTiis.
Jacob Z. Davis of San Francisco, grand cham
berlain.
Zachary T. Gilpin of Oakland, grand steward.
John Williams of Oakland, grand aid de
camp.
John d'Aarcy of San Francisco, grand tyler.
Mr. Pierce, who was elected grand
master, is 40 years old, a native of
Pennsylvania. At Oakland he has been
venerable master of the Lodge of Perfec
tion, fourteenth degree; wise master of
Charles L. Pierce, Grand Master.
Chapter St. Croix, eighteenth degree; and
commander of the Council ot Kadosh,
thirtieth degree.
He h;is .served in the State body as fol
lows: Grand beausenifer. 1890; grand
Dia?ter of ceremonies, 1891-93; second
lieatenaot grand commander. 1894; iirst
lieutenant grand commander, 1895.
Last night the thirty second degree was
conferred on fifteen persons from various
parts of the State, and then the annual
banquet was held.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896.
DEATH AND STORM AT SEA.
The Story of the Cruiser Balti
more's Voyage From
Yokohama.
TEN DAYS IN A FURIOUS GALE.
One Officer Lost Overboard and An
other Crushed to Death Against
a Gun.
ASTORIA, Or., Jan. 9.— Advices by the
steamer Rhosina, which arrived from Yo-
Kohama via Honolulu to-day, tell of the
terrific experience of the cruiser Baltimore
from December G to 9 in a typhoon in the
China Sea. The barometer ranged all
around 28.65, and the officers report the
worst weather ever experienced. She ad
vanced not over a mile an hour for three
days. Boatswain's Mate Jessen was washed
overboard and lo&t. Carpenter Cooper was
thrown against one of the big guns and
killed. Seven of the crew were seriously
but not fatally injured. Considerable
slight damages were done to the vessel.
The engines worked to perfection, and
never once getting out of repair daring
the entire struggle. Considering the
weight above the water line the Baltimore
behaved admirably, ana her officers have
only words of praise for her. When the
Rhosina left Honolulu the Baltimore ex-
pected to sail for San Francisco on January
G. iShe was twenty days from Yokohama
to Honolulu.
By the brig W. G. Irwin, Captain Wil
liams, which arrived yesterday, 14 days
from Honolulu, is learned the lull particu
lars of the stormy voyage of the Baltimore
from Yokohama to that port.
"A few more deep rolls and Uncle Sam
would have had one less cruiser on his
navy list, for the Baltimore would have
been at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean."
This was the report of the crew of the
Baltimore given out when the big war
vessel arrived in Honolulu Monday, De
cember 23, after a stormy passage of twenty
days from Yokohama.
"Poor Boatswain's Mate Jessen was
dashed overboard by a heavy sea without
a moment's warning," said a petty officer,
"and Carpenter Cooper was thrown against
an 8-inch rifle and crushed to death.
"The big cruiser was Hung around on
the billows like a feather. Hardly a man,
from the main deck to the lireroom, es
caped without more or less bumps and
bruises. It wa3 awful."
The story of the cruirer's struggle with
the terrible jjale fully tests the seagoing
qualities of the new navy. She left Yoko
hama December '6, and when three days
out struck one of the hardest gales ever
encountered at sea. The barometer
suddenly dropped down, and in a few
minutes the sea was thundering against
her steel sides like ponderous battering
rams.
Everything was made snug fore and aft.
The battery was secured for storm, and
the battle-doors tightly closed.
The great mass of metal was "tossed like
a cork," in the words of one of the officers,
ana occasionally the seas would come
aboard and wash through the passages of
superstructure like a furious flood. Down
in the engine-rooms the motion of the
vessel's plunging was not so apparent as
up above, but the machinists on the plat
form and the firemen feeding the furnaces
were often pitched from their stations by
the spring and heave of the great hull.
Boatswain's Mate Jessen, while engaged
in securing the lashings of a bout that was
breaking loose, was lifted from his place
on the rail and washed overboard by an
unusually wild sea that swept across the
decks. He disappeared in an instant and
was never seen again.
The constant jerking of the rifles
in their fastenings worked the heavy
pieces loose and some of them had to be
removed and the machine-guns placed be
low. Several of the .boats were badly
wrecked by the seas and a number of the
crew were more or less injured by being
thrown by 'he waves against the steel
walls and partitions of the upper works.
The gale finally moderated only to
spring up again more fierce than ever, and
for six days the great cruiser Straggled
With the seas. She was fighting her battle
over again. The hatches, battery, boats
and everything movable were relashed and
secured for a second siege. During this
blow Carpenter Isaac Cooier was thrown
against a gun and crushed.
His skull was fractured, several bones
broken and otherwise fearfully injured.
The battered oflicer never regained con
sciousness, but died in the hospital at
Honolulu the day after the vessel's ar
rival at that port."
Puring the gales all the fires were
lighted and the full strength of the Balti
more's steam capacity tested. With all
tuis great power no perceptible headway
could be maae — she could only he kept bow
on to the sea. But her behavior was
magnificent, and. notwithstanding the
deep, dangerous rol)s which often laid her
decks vertical to the surface of the lunous
ocean, not once did she slip from the control
of her people. She obeyed her helm like
a yacht in a ten-knot breeze and rode the
surges like a big white swan.
When the cruiser came into Honolulu
harbor, on the sunny afternoon of Decem
ber 23, ncr battered and bedraggled ap
pearance told the story of a terrible strug
gle witn an Asiatic gale, even before the
accounts of their twelve days and nights
of storm were given. Captain Day and his
officers were somewhat reticent regarding
the startling details of their perilous pas
sage, but did not hesitate when speaking of
the cool courage and excellent behavior of
the crew while looking their doom, as
they thought, squarely in the face. Equally
warm were they in their praise of the
cruiser which stood the test so well.
The following officers are accredited to
the Baltimore:
B.F. Day, captain; H. O. Rittenhouse, W.
A. Marshall, F. 11. Holmes, A. E. Culvee, A.
D. Hall, C. M. Fahs, lieutenants; G. N. Hay
ward, W. H. Buck, L. U. Everhard, ensigns; J.
A. Scot, chief engineer; D. A. .Smith, paymas
ter; J. A. Hawke, medical inspector; T. C.
Prince, first lieutenant U. S. M. c.; W. H. L.
Keamy, chaplain; A. Hartrath, assistant en
gineer; G. W. McElroy. passed assistant en
gineer; A. Moritz, passed assistant engineer;
A. Fnrcnliolt. assistant surgeon; C. H. Broom,
pay clerk; J. Cooper, carpenter; C. B. Mugru
der, gunner.
Carpenter Cooper, who died in the Hon
olulu Hospital of his injuries, was a native
of New Jersey and lirst entered the United
States naval service in June, 1870, receiv
ing his papers as a warrant officer after an
examination before a board of naval con
structors. He was detailed to the Balti
more August, 1893. Boatswain's mate
Jessen was a naval apprentice and a native
of New York.
The United States protected cruiser Balti
more was built by Cramp &Sons, Philadel
phia, her keel having been laid in 1887.
She is 377 feet 6 inches in length, same as
the Philadelphia: breadth of beam, 48
feet G inches: draft, 20 feet 6 inches; dis
placement, 4600 tons. Her engines are
horizontal, triple expansion, with twin
screws; carries 1140 tons of coal; horse
power, 10.064, with a speed of 19.6 knots.
Her main battery consists of four 8-inch
breech-loading ritles and six 6-inch breech-
THE UNITED CRUISER BALTIMORE.
[Frvm a pliotograph.]
loading rifles; secondary battery, four 6
pounder rapid tire puns, two 8-poun.dera
and two 1-pounders, four 37-m. Hotchkiss
guns and two Gntlings. She cost $1,825,000,
and her complement is 36 officers and 350
men. The Baltimore was selected by the
United States Government to carry the
body of Jobn ErioMO to his native" kind,
and while in Sweden the vessel was highly
praised and her otlkrers feted.
She was to have left Honolulu the 6th of
this month, after coaling and repairing the
damages received during the gale.
MORELOUSE BEGINS SUIT
Demands $20,000 Damages From
the Selby Smelting Com
pany.
While Working on a Job of Painting
He Was Almost Killed by Be
fendant's Machinery.
An action for $'_'0,000 damages has been
brought against the Selby Smelting Jand
Lead Company by Attorney John E.
Richards and Messrs. Delmas & Short
ridge on behalf of W. 11. Morehouse,
a painter, who was almost killed in the
defendant's establishment last September.
Morehouse received hia injuries while
working in the rear of the company's gen
eral and assay ollice at 418 Montgomery
street, as one of several men engaged by
Contractor McCarty to paint the wood
work there. It was the last day oi the job,
and soon after Morehouse had gone to
work in the machine-room. A rapidly
revolving shaft constitute! part of the
machinery, and from the shaft protruded
a setscrew a quarter of an inch or more,
which was invisible when the machine
was in motion.
As the unfortunate workman had to go
very close to the shaft his clothing got
caught up by the projecting screw, and lie
was suddenly drugged into the machine,
whirled around the shaft several times
ami dashed against the timbers and up
rights, until finally hurled violently to the
floor. His clothing was literally torn from
his body, and he was frightfully mangled,
bruised and maimed, his skull also being
fractured and his internal injuries being
most excruciating. Morehouse has Iven
under medical care and confined to his
bed ever since, his wife and children hav
ing been deprived of tue necessaries of life
in consequence. His physician says his
injuries are permanent.
G. A. E. VETERANS.
Officers of Colonel Casts Post Installed.
An Open Meeting.
Installation of new officers of Colonel
Cass Post No. 40, G. A. R., took place at
Excelsior Hall, 2319 Mission street, Tues
day evening last. Senior Past Post Com
mander T. Curran installed the following
officers:
John O'Neil, post commander; Frank J.
Miller, senior vice - commander ; Hugh
Shields, junior vice- commander; Joi.n
Massey, chaplain ; Edwin Kelly, surgeon ;
T. Curren, Q. M.; J. H. Riley, 6. D. ; D. J.
Donlon, O. G.; H. J. Brown, adjutant;
and William A. Walker, sergeant-major.
The installation was open and 200
visitors attended. The programme of
entertainment embraced these numbers:
Piano specialties, Mrs. Frankie Schussler;
vocal solo, Miss Treakfell; variety. Miss
Clara Fox; recitation, William H.Locke;
piano, Miss Teresa (Sullivan; son.tr, Katie
Clifford; song, Captain B. F. Hanlon;
recitation, Master Walter Itilev; sleigh
bells, Miss Annie Rothber.-; song, Thomas
Fit/.simmous; recitation, George W. Ar
buckle, P. P. C; duet, Grace Curran and
Calico Leahy ; song and dance, Wyatt and
Silver; recitation, Miss O'Neil; p,ano,
Misses O'Connor; duet, Ida and Florence
Gramton; original poem, "The Post
Meets To-night," Past Post Commander J
H. Riley.
Two hundred guests sat do^n to supper
and dancing until midnight followed.
SELEY ADMITS HIS GUILT.
The Defaulting Clerk of the Russ
House Makes a Written
Confession.
HE TOOK ALL THE MONEY.
His Career in Becoming a Bigamist
While Disguised by a Black
Beard.
Jules CalJundan of Morse's detective
agency arrived here from San Jose yester
day, having in custody A. W. Seley, who,
on October 29, while clerk at the Russ
House, robbed the safe of $2(350.
Colonel J. S. Young of the hotel, who
had gone down the evening before to iden
tify him, returned on the same train.
Seley was at once placed in a cell in the
City Prison.
While intimating at first that he was
only responsible for part of the money, the
remainder having, as he said, been taken
by some one else, he last night made a full
confession. It is as follows:
Acting under instructions from Colonel J. S.
Young to be careful and protect the coin pack
aces deposited by guests of the Ross House in
the safe I took three packages from the safe,
with the intention of taking them home and
returning them in the morning.
On my wi>y home I took frequent drinks and
became intoxicated. Before reaching home I
missed one of the packages and became
alarmed at the consequences. I failed to re
turn the remaining packages.
My motive in taking the packages was wholly
in the interest of Colone] Young and my fail
ure to return them was from fear of the conse
quences from one being gone. A. \\. Seley.
San Francisco, Jan. 9, 1890.
Witness: J. s. Yotog,
Thomas Kourke.
Seley will plead guilty to the embezzle
ment, so he cays, and will take whatever
penalty is meted out to him. He is now
anxious to get through with it as soon as
possible. When his sentence is served he
may be taken to .Santa Clara County and
prosecuted on two other charges.
One charge is of bigamy, for though he
already had a wife and two children when
he decamped, he afterward met and
courted Miss Ida Shields at Los Gatos, and
was married to her at San Jose by Judge
Maguire a month ago. He then took the
name of Charles Hildreth, by which he
was known at the time of his arrest.
The other offense was forgery. Part of
the embezzlement consisted of a certifi
cate of deposit for $1500. the remaining
$1150 being in cash. When he got short
of cash he forged the name of the man to
whom the certificate belonged, and tried
to get the money. It was this which led
to the knowledge of his whereabouts.
Seley, after he decamped, let his beard
grow. It was thick and black and cov
ered his face, almost to the eyes. He wore
an oid slouch hat, and his friends would
scarcely have recognized him. He is a
machinist and was employed in a little
shot) in San Jose. He and his wife were
living at the home of Mr. and Mrs. John
Young, brother-in-law and sister of Mrs.
Sele\ T . The bride is but 17 years old, and
was plunged in great grief when Seley was
arrested. Seley, in his statement to tiie
officers, claimed that his wife in this City
was the cause of his downfall. He said
she was addicted to stimulants and made
his home miserable.
Of course, no one believes this story
about his motives for taking tue money.
The Pacific Assurance Company, which
had insured Seley to the amount of $1000,
has all along refused to pay this amount
to Colonel Young. The claim was made
that Selcy's guilt was not established. It
is said no effort was made by the com
pany to lind him, and almost none by the
police, though the latter had two pictures
of him. Seley's hearing will probably
take place soon.
McKINLEY REPUBLICANS.
Forty-First Assembly District Club
Protest Agatnst the Passage
of the Funding Bill.
At a meeting of the McKinley Repub
lican Club of the Forty-first Assembly Dis
trict, held at Pixley Hall last evening, the
following resolutions were unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, Tlie proposed refunding of the Pa
cific railroad debts due the Government of the
United States, us proposed by C. P. Hunting
■ ton and his colleagues, is viewed with aversion
j and hostility by the people of California;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That the members ot this club earn
i estly protest against surrendering any lien
that the Government has upon the Union and
Central Pacifla railroads, and that the fore
closure of tlie mortgages held by the Govern
ment upon these r"ads is the only rational and
just culmination of the issue' between the
people and the corporations; and
Resolved, That this club indorse heartily the
action of the committee of fifty who have the
memorial to Congress in charge, and will use
their best endeavors to help along the good
movement for the be tie tit of the people oi this
State.
• — ■+■ — « .
A REPUBLICAN MEETING.
! The Forty-Second Assembly District
Club Is Actively at Work.
A largely attended meeting of the Forty
second Assembly District Republican Club
was held at B'nui B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy
street, last evening, H. V. Scott presiding.
The enrolling committee reported that
they would meet at 113 Turk street next
Wednesday evening in order to allow
voters in sympathy with the principles of
the Republican party to sign the roll of
the club.
Mr. Jewett resigned as a member of the
committee and Mars Fremont Jr. was ap
pointed in his stead. The following were
appointed a finance committee: J. C.
Skinner, O. L. Swett, J. M. Chretien, C. S.
Wright and A. H. Phelps.
The executive committee consists of the
following: O. L. Swett, J. M. Chretien, J.
C. Skinner, Dr. P. P. Mnffe, H. H. Mc-
Pike, F. S. Chadburne, H. C. Schaertzer,
L. Washburne, V. Creighton, Oliver Eld
ridge, Judge E. D. Sawyer, Thomas D.
Riordan. A. R. Smith, F. H. Phelps and
W. A. Daws.
A. R. Smith was elected as delegate
to the Republican executive council, the
club having a membership of 160.
C. S. Curtis resigned aa delegate to the
Republican executive council and H. C.
Schaertzer was elected to till the vacancy.
THE BARBERS' ASSOCIATION.
Klection of Officers for the Knsuing
Year— The Coming Ball.
The Barbers' Association of California,
formerly the Barbers' Association of San
Francisco, held its regular semi-annual
election last Tuesday evening in their
Hall, Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell street.
The following officers were elected: J.
Klitsch, president; H. K. Hoffman, vice
president; A. G. Wendland, recording sec
retary; H. Wahl, financial secretary ; H.
Scheunert, treasurer; \V. H. Wilson, trus
tee; V. Malette, sergeant-at-arms, and P.
Hamann, employment secretary.
The installation of officers will take
place at the next regular meeting, Tues
day evening, the 14th, at 9 o'clock. All
members are requested to attend, in
order to secure invitations for the grand
social ball Sunday evening, the 19th.
This association is composed of pro
prietors and journeymen. It has at pres
ent a membership of nearly 400 in good
standing. '
SLAPPED SRESPI`S FACE
A Combat That Will Be Fought
Out, Either in Blood
or Ink.
Signor Caglieri Expressed the Con
tempt That Rankled in
His Mind.
Cesare Crespi is as well known in North
Beach as the famous Lola Garabaldini, or
Montgomery avenue itself. He is a knight
of the quill, and his work in journalism
has caused his name to become a proverb
in the Italian quarter.
Crespi makes his voice heard in North
Beach through the medium of the Mes
senger.
Some of the utterances of the Messenger
have led to a strained condition of affairs
between the editor and certain of the
readers of the paper.
And the whole Italian colony is talking
about an encounter which has resulted.
Signor Giorgio Caslier:, an esteemed
member of the Italian colony, was waiting
with his two sons, Dr. Guido Caglieri and
Vittorio Caglieri, for the Union-street car,
when they were joined by Dr. Barsotti and
Signor Splivalo. After a few friendly
words of greeting they all adjourned to the
Quilici and Tofanelli bar to take a glass of
vermouth before dinner.
Immediately after entry Signor Crespi
arrived to partake aJso of a glass of ver
mouth. At the right of Crespi, to quote
the words of L'ltaha, "Signor Caelieri, in
whose soul a sentiment of disdain had j
been growing for some time at seeing his
own name and that of his son. Dr. Guido,
j in the columns of the weekly Journelettc, i
written by the above individual (Crespi), !
coulu not hold himself back from affront- !
mi.- him and venting upon him with con- |
temptuous and energetic words all the ful- i
ness of his disdain."
It seems that Crespi attempted to calm
the rising storm oi Signor Caglieri's
wrath by protesting that he had never j
written a word that could wound the most i
sensitive heart or shock the most delicate !
sensibility. Young Vittorio, who had
been a silent spectator, suddenly seems to
have reached the conclusion that his fath
er's resentment needed some practical I
backing up. Without saying anything he i
went up to Signor Crespi and gave him a \
resounding slap in the face.
Friends intervened and parted the com- i
batants in time to prevent bloodshed.
Sunor Caglieri invited Signor Crespi to
come forth with him, but the invitation \
was declined. Developments are anxiously i
awaited by members of the Italian colony. !
Banquet by Stanford Parlor.
Stanford Parlor Xo. 76, N. S. G. W., held a
banquet at the Now Louvre last night. It was
a pronounced success.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE
HIGHEST
KNOWN
GRADE
OF
CLOTHING.
That's what we carry — Suits, Overcoats,
Ulsters and Trousers— all of our own make,
all retailed to you at Wholesale Prices. The
difference between our prices and the Re-
tailers — ? A saving of one-half to you.
One Example :
The Retailers' $15 suit or overcoat — here
$10.
Wholesale Manufacturers
Pro/is. Oregon CO? Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Busk and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
PRIMARY LAW DECISION
The Republican County Commit
tee Quietly Awaiting
This Issue.
PARTY MEN WERE IN COUNCIL.
Held a Short and Brisk Meeting Last
Evening and With Full
Attendance.
The Republican County Committee is at
present holding its activity in reserve until
the pending primary election bill is defi
nitely settled by the Supreme Court.
Last evening the regular monthly meet
ing, owing to the uncertainty of this issue,
was brief and to the point. Although noth
ing of importance was scheduled for dis
cussion, still all but two members were
present.
The following communication was read
and laid on the table to be acted upon at
the next meeting:
Hon. Charles W. Mamearing, Chairman Re
| publican Committee. City— Sir: At a re
cent meeting 01 the executive committee of
the Republican executive council a sub-cor
n mittee was appointed to meet and confer with
j the executive committee of your body. The
secretary was directed to inform you "of this
fact and to arrange with you time and place
for such conference. .Respectfully yours,
J. A. WI'IITESIDES,
Secretary Republican Council.
A communication was also read from the
I secretary and president of the Thirty
i fifth Assembly District Republican Club,
j desiring that if the county committee in
! tended to form a club in that district
the one already formed there would be
recognized as it exists.
The letter read as follows:
Thirty-fifth Assembly District;
Republican Club. j
Charles Manwnring, Chairman Republican Com
mittee— Peak sib: Having heard that it is the
! intention, 01 the Republican committee to
: form a Republican club in the Thirty-fifth As
j sembly District we are desirous of calling the
; attention of the committee to the fact that we
, now have and for several months have had a
Republican club in that district. We number
over 300 of the most representative men in the
', district, and hope that you will in forming this
| club disturb us as little as possible.
We would respectfully suggest that you
, recognize us as we now exist, thus showing to
the people of our district that it Is your desire
j to recognize the better element of our party.
While loyal to true Republicanism, we can
not but feel that if not at leiist partially recog
nized, there will be many in the district who
will not take as active a part in the coming
campaign as they otherwise would.
At the time of the organization of our club
we appointed a committee to wait upon the
■ County Committee. And «aid committee did
j wait upon you, and, owing to a ruling that
; none but members of the County Committee
I could speak upon the floor, and being without
a written communication, they were unable
| to obtain a hearing ; but at all times we have
i beeu and- now are willing and desirous of
\ working under your direction ami supervision.
Hoping the above will receive your favorable
consideration, we are yours for Republicanism,
V. P. NOBTHBOP, President.
Robert H. Stafford, Secretary.
J. M. Chretien, vice-chairman, said it
was not the intention of the organization
to conflict with any district club, and that,
furthermore, the commitee had Dot in
view the organizingof any club in any dis
trict, and would not do so until a definite
plan of organization was agreed upon.
Upon motion of Mr. Chretien, the letter
was laid on the table to be discussed after
the primary law was decided.
If the decision of this law happens be
fore the next regular monthly meeting of
the committee, then a special meeting will
be called by the chairman aa soon as that
event transpires.
Wanted for Grand Larceny.
Mrs. Charlotte J. Crookham, 32 Fell street,
rented a store some months ago from Mrs.
Emma E. Harrold. On September 13, while
she was in the country, Mrs. Harrold notified
her that the store had been entered by bur
glars and a lot of jjoods stolen. Annut three
weeks ago Mrs. Crookham learned that Mrs.
Harrold had a quantity of the property alleged
to have been stolen by tne burglars, and sha
obtained a search warrant ana found about
$145 worth of goods in Mrs. Harrold's posses
sion. Yesterday she swore out a warrant for
Mrs. Harrold's arrest, on the charge of grand
larceny.
fire in a Christmas I'n-e.
The alarm sounded from box 351 at 7:30
o'clock last evening was fora fire in a three
story brick dwelling-house at 920 Montgomery
street, owned by the Davis estate, and occu
pied by J. Basellman. Lighted candles in a
Christmas tree caused the blaze. The damage
will amount to $50.
56
JSUa&feS 11 .
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Caia, one week, by carrier.. so.ls
Sail; and Sunday Call, one year, by mail — -. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Caix, six months, liy mail.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Caix, three months by mall' 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday C am,, one year, by mail.. 1 .50
Weekly Caul, one year, by mail 1.50
V"'»- BUSINESS OFFICE: ,
-710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telepnone Main— lß69
EDITORIAL ROOMS;
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:80 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 I.arkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6V. corner Sixteenth, and Mission streets; open
mil! 9 o'clock.
»61h Mission street; open until 9 oV.ocit.
lib ainih street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, Xew York City.
t>AVIJ> M. I'OLTZ, Special Agent.
FRIDAY JANUARY 10,1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Salisbury may send the Kaiser an ul
timatum by way of reciprocity.
Cuban independence lies in Havana and
to capture the one is to gain the other.
Arizona and New Mexico should follow
Utah into statehood and follow closely.
A Cleveland bond issue cannot be put
into better odor by calling it a popular
loan.
One of the tilings that speaks loudest at
this time is the way that France is not
talk:;.
Utah should put her young men to the
front in the Senate if she wisbes to come
to the front herself.
The Kaiser could watch. England better
if he did not have to overlook Alsace and
Lorraine in doing it.
Europe has often carried war into Africa,
but this time it looks as if Africa might
carry war into Europe.
It seems certain that as long as Cleve
land is in office the endles? chain of deficits
and bond issues will go on.
With the load Cleveland has piled on it
the Democratic donkey will never have
strength enough to buct him off.
If ever Victoria felt like spanking one of
her grandchildren the time is right BOW
and the fellow's name is William.
In the shuffle of politics Hawaiian
annexation has turned up again in Con
gress and may prove to be trumps.
In the present situation of European
affairs it would seem that if Russia wishes
anything she has only to ask for it.
Talking the funding bill to death would
not be as good as killing it by a decisive
vote, but it will do in an emergency.
While the Kaiser talks as the arbiter of
Europe the world is beginning to pay at
tention to the way the Czar saws wood.
The reports of the recent battles around
Havana make it evident the Spaniards
have succeeded in holding the telegraph
line.
California will have enough to do paying
her share of the Cleveland bonds with
out having to pay funding bill bonds as
well.
The third-term movement doesn t make
much progress, but it makes more than
any other movement in the Democratic
camp.
The Senate should remember that in
speaking of the emergency tariff bill the
emphasis should always be put on t tie emer
gency.
The war flurry will not be without its
pood effects, for it has inclined the Senate
to favor large appropriations for coast
defenses.
The Philadelphia streetcar men are talk
ins of another walkout and of course
everybody in the city has to get ready to
walk also.
A British Minister sent to German Po
land would be a good enough recognition
of the favor of a German Minister in the
Transvaal.
The one consoling feature of the politi
cal situation is that the people will have a
chance to vote on Clevelandism before the
year is over.
To the Democratic party Clevelandism
is like a porous plaster that was easy to
put on but won't come off again without
taking the hide with it.
Jefferson Democracy was very good De
mocracy and Jackson Democracy was fair,
but Cleveland Democracy is very poor De
mocracy and that's why the Democrats
swear.
General Campos complains the Cubans
never stop long enough to be overtaken,
but he forgets he never stopped himself
until he got the intrenchments around
Havana.
The speakers who had to respond to the
toast to Cleveland at the Jackson banquets
must have had some difficulty in refrain
ing from the old quotation about Hyperion
and the Satyr.
The notable feature of the Democratic
banquets on Jackson's day was t!ie attempt
of the cuckoo orators to put Cleveland in
Jackson's shoes without losing him dur
ing the operation.
As it is reported from London that
peace in the Transvaal is assured the war
ships and troops which England is send
ing to the Cape are probably intended
only to celebrate it.
The Government is having much better
success with big guns than with armor
plate, and war promises to continue more
favorable to those who do the shooting
than to those who are shot at.
It is true the relations between England
and Germany are very much strained, but
then it must be remembered that diplo
macy is elastic and can be stretched a long
way before it comes to a rupture.
The efforts of Senator Perkins and
others to make the emergency tariff a
genuine protective measure are good in
themselves, but with, Cleveland in the
White House they cau avail uotluQg.
A STEOUG MEMORIAL.
The memorial addressed to Congress by
the Committee of Fifty makes the follow
ing main points: That the earnings of
the aided lines which might have been
applied to the Government debt were
wrongfully and dishonestly withheld and
diverted and thai a funding of the debt by
Congress would be a condoning of that
act ; that an extension of the debt at a
rate of 2 per cent would require the pay
ment by the aided companies of about
$100,000,000 in fifty years; that increased
charges for transportation would have to
bo made, and that this would fall princi
pally upon the industries of California;
that the plain, speedy and rational solu
tion oi the matter would be the foreclosure
of the Government's mortgage and the en
forcement of the lien on the private assets
of the surviving partner in the case of the
Central Pacilic if it should be found that
the estates of the deceased members can
not be reached; that the first- mortgage
bonds were not issued according to law
and, hence, that the lirst mortgage does
not take priority over the Government's
mortgage: that among the assets which
would be affected by proceedings in fore
closure is the Southern Pacilic Railroad
south of Gilroy an<i Alcalde, because it
was built on the credit and with the earn
ings of the Central Pacilic Railroad, such
earnings being diverted from their proper
use in extinguishing the Government debt;
that, under all these circumstances, the
passage of a funding act would stultify the
Government, condone illegal and disnonest
acts of wide notoriety and bring shame
upon the Congress of the United States.
The memorial contains no trace either of
bitterness or a spirit of injustice. It is an
earnest demand for an intelligent handling
of a great problem affecting the destiny of
the country and a plea to the Govern
ment to save California from the ruin
which a funding measure \vou!d bring.
Perhaps it is a knowledge that the case
which the opponents of the funding bill
are ready to make out is incontrovertible
that has decided the Senate and House
Committees on Railroads to shut out ar
guments before them when the bills are
taken up. That need not prove dismay
ing, for the great battle will be fought on
tne lioor of the houses when the bills come
up for passage.
In the arguments there to be made the
proponents of the bill should be forced to
show that it will be possible for the com
panies to pay the principal and accruing
interest in iifty years. This has suddenly
become one of the most important features
oi the matter. The ocean is free; there
can never be a monopoly of the Cape Horn
route. Such an advance of rates as will be
necessary to raise the required revenue
would leave so large a margin of profit for
ships sent round the Horn that we may ue
sure they would be put on without delay,
ana so prevent the raising of the required
funds.
For that matter, the Panama Railway is
not owned by Mr. Huntington, and it will
never submit to such a raising of tariffs as
will build up the Cape Horn traffic at the
expense of the isthmian line. Let the
supporters of the measure show that the
rates can be advanced sufficiently without
destroying the money-earning capacity of
the roads and the issue will then be
clearer.
BEAVE POOL-SELLERS.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare, having ob
served that the downtown pool-sellers are
not keeping faith with him, and that they
are unwilling to wait a judicial determina
tion of the cases which he has already be
gun, has reopened his campaign against
them and proceeded witli arrests for viola
tions of the Ellert ordinance.
It is not likely that the poolroom men
would feel BO sure of their position did
they not have the support of a branch of
the municipal government over which the
onifial prosecutors of offenses against the
law have no control. The Solid Eight of
the Board of Supervisors have a broad
wing of protection which Mr. Dare is un
able to clip. They have gone so far as to
pas< tue omnibus pool ordinance to print,
which means the last step they can
take if the measure is intended merely as a
threat. Possibly they will pass the ordi
nance and so put a stop to the strong stim
ulus which has spurred horse-breeding in
California and placed the State in the
lead in this important industry.
A large majority of the men who have
sought the office of Supervisor of San
Francisco and betrayed their trust after
election never had a reputation to lose.
Professional boodlers, the tools of corrupt
political bosses, have no ulterior ambition.
With them the oflice of Supervisor is
merely a transient opportunity to make
money, not the beginning of a bright po
litical career. Such men never come from
the higher walks of life. Were they of
that kind they would never be selected for
otlice by the bosses, with whom they share
their plunder. Such men care nothing for
the condemnation which they receive- from
newspapers, ministers of religion and or
ganizations of public-spirited citizens.
Their public career is intended to end with
the expiration of their term of office and
they can then retire with a comfortable
fort vine and take the world easy.
It is the election of such men that makes
poolrooms possible, burdens the City with
grievous taxes, permits disgraceful public
work and causes a surrender of the streets
to rich and grasping corporations. These
things and more will continue so long as
decent citizens are willing for the affairs of
the City to be conducted by unscrupulous
bosses.
REFOBMS IN PUNEEALS.
The man of intelligence and pluck who
persistently sticks to a light which he be-
Jieves to be right and which bears an as
pect of common-sense on its face is reason
ably sure to win in the end. It is of such
stuff that the "crank" is made, but if the
influence of that energetic person were re
moved the wheels of progress would re
volve with painful slowness. The time
was when Henry Bergh, the "cranky" Ger
man who could not bear to see horses mal
treated, was a butt of ridicule for the
whole great city of New York. To-day
his name is blessed throughout the land,
and a spirit of compassion for helpless
and useful domestic beasts has added a
luster to the torch of American civilization.
A very interesting man of this type is
now visiting San Francisco. He i& Cap
tain George A. Raabe, and his one aim in
life is to educate men out of the practice of
removing the hat at funerals. He con
fines his missionary work principally to
benevolent societies, whose general cus
tom is to bare the head while laying a
dead comrade away. It did not require
Captain Raabe to inform us that the prac
tice does not recommend itself to the most
primitive human judgment; that bald
ness, so prevalent among men, and the
fashion of cutting the hair, make the bar
ing of the head outdoors, even in fair
weather, a perilous thing and an invita
tion to serious results if trie weather be
bad. We knew that already ; but we real
ize how helpless we are under the iron
hand of custom until some strong spirit
steps forth and leads us to the light.
Captain Raabe might have gone further,
but he doubtless knows by instinct (as ail
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896.
successful reformers know) that the
simpler a fight the easier it may be won.
That he will win there can be no doubt,
though long and hard .years are yet ahead
of him. After him may come another who
will make a similar campaign against the
custom of inexperienced bearers of burdenß
running risk of serious injury by carrying
heavy caskets. This is gradually passing
away in the older communities, but the re
form has hardly made an impression in
California. It is a proper showing of re
spect and affection to have pallbearers, but
the rational application of the sentiment
is to make them serve merely in an honor
ary capacity, and have trained men to
bear the casket. Such bearers would com
mit no blunders and sustain no injuries.
THE JACKSON DAY SPEECHES.
If the speeches made at the Democratic
banquets on Jackson day are signs of the
drift of things in that party the third
term movement may be accounted as one
of the important issues in our politics. All
the speeches worthy of reporting were lit
tle more than laudations of Cleveland.
Xo other living Democrat seems to have
been named, and even the memory of the
hero of New Orleans was almost ignored
in the eagerness of the speakers to express
their loyalty to the man from Buffalo.
It is significant that the committees in
charee of the banquets in the larger East
ern cities selected members of the Cabinet
to deliver the principal speeches. Secre
tary Herbert spoke in New York and
Secretary Smith in Philadelphia. Both
declared Jackson to be a "sound-money
Democrat," and placed Cleveland upon the
same pedestal as a party leader and a Pres
ident equally worthy of Democratic admi
ration and popular support. The tenor of
the two addresses waa identical, and even
in the language used there is a striking
resemblance, it was as if both had been
carefully prepared beforehand and a stud
ied sentiment agreed upon, though of
course that was not necessary, for while
there are many cuckoos there is but one
note to the cuckoos' song.
The speeches are the more remarkable
by contrast with those delivered at the
.luoksun banquets of the last and the pre
ceding year. This year the more notable
gatherings were those of the Eastern cities.
Last year and the year before it was the
voice of the Mississippi Valley that spoke
loudest and clearest. Addresses were
made in Chicago and in Cincinnati that
distinctly repudiated Cleveland and
showed a tendency among leading Demo
crats to break away from the goldbug,
bond-issuing administration. Then Cleve
land was not placed on the pedestal with
Jackson. On the contrary, he was de
nounced as a violator of all Democratic
traditions, an opponent of the welfare of
the people, an ally of the banking
power against which Jackson fought, and
false to every principle of Jacksouian
Democracy.
The change in the tone of the speeches
of this year seems to imply a change in
the sentiment of the party. The cuckoos
are now shouting vigorously, while their
opponeuts are dumb. There were many
factions of Democracy that denounced
Cleveland a year or more ago, but none of
them show any head against him now.
Tammany, in the person of Senator Hill,
and the silver Democrats, in the person of
Senator Vest, have spoken as apologists
for him in the Senate. Opposition to him
undoubtedly exists among the leaders and
in the ranks of Democracy, but everywhere
it has been reduced to a sullen silence.
There is, in fact, no longer a Democratic
party. A Cleveland party has usurped its
place and name, and the third-term move
ment, which the intelligence of the coun
try has so long refused to regard as any
thing serious, has now assumed propor
tions that can no longer be overlooked or
ignored in any study of our political con
ditions.
PETEOLEUM TOR. FUEL.
The launching of the tank-oil steamer
George Loomia Wednesday means a great
deal to San Francisco. The steamer,
though small, can lay down 300,000 barrels
of oil in the City a month, and as the
charge for transportation will be much
lower than that imposed by the railroad
the cost of the oil as fuel will be consid
erably less than the coals which now
constitute our main dependence. The
oil is to come from the wells of
Ventura, where a development of this
rich native source of wealth has been re
cently made. Summerland particularly
has suddenly become famous for its abund
ant oil deposits, and capital is flowing into
the town. Besides this source of supply
are the oil wells of Los Angeles. In both
cases it will be a simple matter to run the
oil to the coast in pipes a"nd transport it
thence in tank vessels at very small ex
pense.
Both ends of the State will receive the
benefits arising from the development of
this oil deposit. The introduction of oil
as a manufacturing fuel will be neces
sarily a slow process, as more or less ex
pensive alterations will have to be made
in boilers; but the adoption of the cheap
and efficient fuel by a manufacturer
in one line will compel his competitors to
follow his example, and so the business
will be built up. A considerable reduc
tion of the cost of manufacturing fuel
makes the competition of California manu
facturers with their Eastern rivals, who
have so firm a hold on the local iield, a
simple matter.
While this is going on with regard to oil
the railroad from Stockton to the coal de
posit of Corral Hollow is steadily creeping
across the plains and bringing: nearer and
nearer the day when a good manufacturing
coal can be laid down in San Francisco for
about $2 50 a ton. As Eastern manufac
turers get coal for less than $1 a ton there
is still a disadvantage, but it is more than
offset by the cost of laying down articles
of Eastern manufacture in this market.
The tank steamer, the southern oil wells,
the Corral Hollow Kail road, and the prac
tically inexhaustible deposit of good man
ufacturing coal which it will tap, combine
to make a very bright picture for Cali
fornia.
At the same time, the railroad to the
coal mine cannot produce its best results
in the absence of improved water facilities
between Stockton and San Francisco. The
influences which are operating at Wash
ington in favor of the railroad funding
bill and against the Nicaragua canal are
also opposed to an appropriation for the
improvement of the navigable rivers of
California. That opposition has been con
strued as an effort to keep the inland
traffic in the hands of the present mo
nopoly and indirectly to cripple the eili
ciency of the Valley road. It is well for
all these matters to be kept in minu,
although none of them affects the very
gratifying outlook which the launching of
the Loomis presents.
Hoke Smith says President Jackson was
a champion of sound money, and the
world, remembering the money he stood
for included both silver and gold, admits
that for once Mr. Smith has deviated into
the truth.
Before many years pass Alaska will be
the only territorial region we have, but
that is big enough to last a loug time,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
"There is no brand of slang so hard to under
stand as political slang," said Police Judge
Campbell while conversing on that subject in
the corridors of the City Hall recently. "I
heard a good story on Jim O'Brien recently in
which political vernacular played a most im
portant part. It happened some time during
the last election, when. Jim waa keeping his
An Unfinished Sketch of Judge Camp
bell, Who Told the Unfinished Story.
eyes open on the rounders and watching the
general layout. He got into his buggy early
iv the morning, and, bidding Mrs. O'Brien
good-by lor the day, told her he could not be
home until late in the afternoon as there was
some'job on foot that required the closest at
tention.
"Along about noon there was a loud knock
at the front door of tne O'Brien residence, and
Mrs. O'Brien went to see who It was. Imagine
her surprise upon opening the door to see a
tough-looking ward-striker standing on the
steps.
" 'Is Jim in ?' he inquired with a rich Bow
ery brogue.
" 'lie is not and I do not expect him home
until late in the afternoon,' responded Mrs.
O'Brien, politely.
" 'Well, if you can git word to 'em give him
de tipdat de gang is goin' to knife him in de
Tirty-fourt' .Ward. See?'
"'I beg your pardon, sir. I do not under
stand you,' exclaimed the politician's wife, in
alarm.
" 'You don't ? Why dey are goln' to glv' 'im
de gaff, cut his t'roat. Tip 'im off if ye knows
where he is.'
" 'Cut his throat?'
" 'Dats what. Dey ain't goin' to do not'in'
to 'im but kill him dead. .Now, dats right.
See?'
" 'But, sir, you do not mean that any harm
will come to him ? asked the lady, now thor
oughly frightened at the prospect of her hus
band's danger. 'Cannot something be done to
find him?'
" 'Cert. Dats what I'm here fer. I just
wants to tip do game off to 'im, so he will be
next. See? I ain't trowing no time away in
dis game, but if Jim don't keep his eye pealed
dey will trow de knife into his ribs and twist
it. See?' With that he made a clumsy bow
and swaggered off, leaving Mrs. O'Brien in a
very excited frame of mind. She closed the
door mechanically and went back to dress her
self for the street, with the intention of finding
Jim immediately to save him from the knife of
the opposition. When she was about ready to
go out there was a sound on the front porch as
though several people were walking. 'There
they are bringing Jim's body back. lam too
late. They have knifed him at the Thirty
fourth Ward,' she soliloquized in agony, and
Instantly flew to the front door to Bee if there
was enough life left in Jim for him to recognize
her.
"Jim had returned unexpectedly with some
friends, and at lunch all hands took a turn at
explaining that the 'knife,' the 'gaff' and the
political 'twist' waa not serious unless admin
istered by both parties. I guess it is not neces
sary for me to finish this story, gentlemen; you
all understand what the heeler meant."
General Josiah Howell, who had the honor
of leading the Fourth Brigade of tne California
National Guard for nine years, having been
commissioned by Governor Low and Governor
Haight, is again sojourning in this State.
Most of the time since 1883 he has resided at
Sydney, N. S. W., as the representative in Aus
tralia of the New York Life Insurance Com
pany.
"Sydney is a charming place," said General
Howell yesterday, "aud counting its 6uburbs
is about the size of San Francisco. It is now
midsummer there, but the weather does not
become oppressively hot. Yes, electricity is ex
tpnsively used in Sydney to lightstores, hotels,
otlices and dwellings and to propel streetcars.
Cable-eara are in use as well as steam trani
wavs. The cost of riding in the streetcars
between points within the city proper 13 less
than it is in Ban Francisco, but for
suburban rides extending a distance of three
miles or more the service costs more. The city
is divided into sections, and the tickets contain
sectional coupons. For a mile 6eotion one can
get a ride for a cents, but for the distance of
five miles the charge is 10 cents.
"There is no tax in Sydney on real estate.
Revenue is raised by a stamD tax on checks
and receipts. The system resembles our old
form of the internal-revenue tax on bank
checks. The water supply, which is abundant,
is owned by the municipality and managed by
a Board of Water Commissioners which taxes
the houses supplied. The Fire Department of
Sydney, I should say, is not as active or efficient
as the department in San Francisco.
"The people over there are great for holidays.
There is a half-holiday on every Saturday, and
on Good Friday a holiday begins which lasts
until the following Tuesday. All stores and
offices are closed, and business is entirely sus
pended. The people of Sydney are great play
goers. Places of amusement are generously
patronized, and as for the races everybody
goes to them.
"The people over there seem to get more en
joyment out of life than the Americans get in
this country. The pressure of business is
lighter and social hospitalities are not neg
lected. The climate is delightful and the
suburban scenery of Sydney surpassinglylbeau
tiful."
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Winking the Other. Eye.
• Bodie Mining Index.
; Cleveland and Salisbury are winking at each,
other across the waste of water. It's all
right now. . ■> - -, -;»».: ; : v,;. ;
Let Us Have a Navy.
A lambda Kncinal. ?;£.
We want peace with the rest of mankind.
We mean to have it.. But in order to command
peace must be able to protect our ports and
our territory at all times.
We Can Feed Them.
Stockton Independent. '
Let Europeans go to ; war as soon as they
please over their version of- the Monroe doc
trine. American farmers can feed them and
send the ; food abroad on American vessels
after the warring countries make the sea un
safe for each other's ships. : >'*. -
: We Need the Canal. .
• '■- Oakland Times. ■;■
The necessity of constructing the Nicaragua
canal must bo recognized by one and all for
the overland' railroad system running out of
Oakland and San Francisco has' succeeded in
securing the Panama Mail Steamship Com
pany and crushing: out ail opposition in that
direction.  . ,i. .-»-, ...
Wants the Karth and • the Gold. '••"
. ;-. r<osAngvlefl Times. .
Wherever rich 'deposits of. gold are discov
ered British aggression is likely; to follow
Venezuela, Alaska and South, Africa famish,
cases in point. The South Africa invasion was
not a howling success from. the \Enplish stand
point; and there isn't much likelihood that
British aggression will be any inure successful
in Venezuela and Alaska than it has been in
the Transvaal. John Bull isn't going to be
be permitted to "run" the whole earth.
Develop the Mines.
Santa Kosa Republican.
The thorough exploitation oi the deposits of
precious metals in the State will surely lead to
the establishing of many times the number of
mills now in operation. This, of course, will
call for the employment of more men, who
will consume the products of our farms and
factories. Thus every department of industry
will be benefited.
PERSONAL.
Ex-Judge S. M. Buck of Eureka is at the Lick.
Senator J. M. Seawell of Mendocino is at the
California.
L. F. J. Wrinkle, a mining man 01 Keeler, is
at the Palace.
Frank Mattison, a business man of Santa
Cruz, is in the City.
G. X. France of Dcs Moines, and formerly a
hotel-keeper there, is in the City.
P. \V. Stanford of New York is at the Califor
nia accompanied by Mrs. Stanford.
W. A. Soule of Rochester, N. V., is visiting
the City and is stopping at the Palace Hotel.
Thomas Hess, a mining man of Ouray, Colo.,
is among recent arrivals. He is accompanied
by his wife.
J. C. Hopper of Fresno, formerly one of the
officials of that town and now engaged in min
ing, is at the Grand.
Dr. J. E. Gandy of Spokane, formerly a mem
ber of the "Washington State Assembly, is
ameng the recent arrivals.
H. B. Maxson, formerly United States Sur
veyor-General of Nevada and now of the
United States Survey, is in the City.
Lieutenant R. M. Schofleld, son of General
Bchofield (retired), arrived from Washington,
D. C, last night, and is at the Palace.
C. D. Morgan, a banker of Chicago, is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife and daughter.
They are en route to Southern California to
spend the winter.
Isaac Keim of Chicago, manager for the big
firm of Seigel & Cooper, who are to open a
large store in the Pp.rrott building, Market
street, who has been here for several days, has
started for the East.
David Stark and wife (nee Miss Bertha M. E.
Wagner) have returned from their bridal trip
to the southern part of the State and have
taken up their residence at 701 Twenty-fim
street, corner of Valencia.
Hon. Seymour D. Thompson, author of •'Com
mentaries on the Law of Private Corpora
tions," left last evening for St. Louis, where
he will resume his law practice, interrupted
by the compilation of his extensive work.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9.— Among recent
arrivals are: W. M. Cary, Union-square; J. J.
Crooke, Murray Hill; O. O. Heydenfeldt, St.
Stephens; C. P. Lawrence, Coleman; J. M.
Chase, Grand Union; E. R. Baxter and J. M.
Herlmes, Gilfey ; W. H. Wilsten and wife, Astor.
JOY COMETH IN THE MORNING.
Peace was here yesterday,
Joy comes to-morrow:
Why wilt thou, heart of mm»,
Dark boilings borrow ?
Shrilly the tempest shriekst
Fierce roar the waves;
High roll the curling crests,
Deeu the black graves.
Now the cold midnight falls,
Clouds overwhelm.
Memory lights the seas!
Hope holds the helm !
I'eare was here yesterday,
Joy comes to-morrow.
Why wilt t liou. heart of mine,
Dark bodiugs borrow? —The Bookman.
TAKE RECIPROCITY OUT OF POLI
TICS.
The present is a good time to have a general
rally for reciprocity, one so far-reaching and
emphatic that it Khali be taken out of politics.
The country has just rallied, in Congress and
out, to the support of the President under the
standard of the Monroe doctrine. The Repub
licans stand by the President in a grandly non
partisan way, and the Democrats would do
well to reciprocate by upholding reciprocity.
The Chicago Record o£ yesterday morning
comes out strongly in favor of reciprocity.
This is very tignilJcant, for that is a mugwump
paper, its Democratic leanings being due to its
espousal of free trade. The paper has no other
bond of Democratic sympathy. When, there
fore, the Record urges the passage of the Beach
bill, the reasonable inference is that the free
traders are preuared to abandon the anti
reciprocity ground taken in 1892 and incor
porated into the Wilson-Gorman tariff.
The Record begins its leader of yesterday
with the observation, "One good move in the
present Congress is that in the direction of the
revival of reciprocity legislation." The argu
ment made in support of this proposition is not
remarkable, one way or the other, the position
itself being the significant fact in the case.
The argument for reciprocity is put more
cogently by Mr. Allertou in a published letter
to Congressman Cannon than it is in the
editorial, for he is specially familiar with the
chief bad effect of repeal. Mf. Allerton Is one
of the leading packers and cattle dealers in
Chicago, or was during his more active busi
ness life. He has withdrawn 1 somewhat from
practical affairs, but for many years he has been
one of the kings of the livestock market. He
asserts that the repeal of reciprocity decreased
the shipments of live cattle for export more
than one-hall and the dressed-beef shipments
to 560,000 head of cattle. Here are the essen
tial paragraphs of the letter:
Restoring the tariff will not furnish immediate
relief to the Government. It will check the Im
portation of foreign goods until the importer has
sold out, then he will be clamoring again for free
trade. Restore reciprocity, open the marietta of
the world for our < at tl.-, hog products and canned
goods, remembering that we can 1,000,000 heart
of cattle a year and thai 80 per cent of these goods
are shipped abroad. Franco and Germany have
put an excessively high tariff on these goods, mak
ing it almost prohibitory, and, besides this, have
prohibited our pork products and cattle, claiming
that they were diseased. thr> fucts are that I
and many others havo snipped live cattle for a
numnerof years and have never lost one single
steer by disease.
Since the repeal of reciprocity, although there
are less hogs and 600,000 less cattle than In 1893
cattle aud hogs have dropped $1 a hundred. The
foreign exchange is made south and west of the
Alleg!i«»nle8. llestore reciprocity— the farmers'
•pro.iucts will increase in value and will be shipped
abroad nnd immediate help will be given the Gov
ernment if we can export to the markets of the
world.
If this feature of legislation can be once taken
out of politics it is hardly possible that the
American people would ever consent to putting
it in again. It should be placed on the same
high plane as the Stonroe doctrine. — Chicago
Inter Ocean.
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT.
Gotti.oneof the recently appointed cardi
nals, is the son of a Genoese longshoreman,
and was brought up in poverty and self-sac
rifice.
It is said that Sir Frederick Lelghton intends
to beaueath his superb Kensington mansion to
the English Royal Academy to serve as the offi
cial residence of its presidents.
Dr. Eleas Leounrot, a country physician of
Finland, has been called the "Christopher Co
lumbus of Finnish poetry." The doctor hag
written one or two epic poems celebrating the
early history of the country.
Henry Watterson, editor of the Louisville
Courier-Journal, has been engaged by the New
York Department of Public Instruction to give
a lecture on Abraham Lincoln in the State
Normal College in Albany on April 6.
Comparatively little has been heard of Li
Hung Chang in this country since the close of
the China-Japanese war. He is at present liv
ing a retired life in Peking, and Is rapidly fail
ing in health.
There is a Smith family in Ohio with pecu
liar given names. The father is the Rev. Jere
miah Prophet Elijah Smith. His sons are
named Most Noble Festus and Sir Walter Scott
Bart, and his daughters Juan Fernandez Island
and Terra del Fuego.
One of the latest enthusiasts nmnng the fol
lowers of the bicycle is the Crown Princess
Stcfnnie of Austria. She lias begun to take les
sons, ami proi>..s.es to ride on a wheel through
a part of England next spring. The Crown
Princen is the widow of Prince Rudolph.
Victor Baillct, a citizen o£«Menin, France,
now. 103 years old, is a survivor, of the battle
of Waterloo., lie was made a prisoner after re
ceiving a severe aal,er cut in the head, on June
18/1815, and conduced to Brussels \vith~the
flag of the One Hundred ana Fifth Regiment)
captured by the English. Tire old soldier i«
still active, and loves to tell of Napoleon, whom
he saw many times on that eventful day.
There will be a celebration of BaiUet's birth
day in Menin next April.
A GIRL AUTHOR.
Miss Henrietta Nina linovilli,\although but
12 years old, is a literary light of no little
brilliancy. She is not only a translator of
Italian fiction, but also a writer of original
matter.
A little over a year ago she edited the Happy
Hours, a manuscript magazine of considerable
circulation in West Medway, says the Boston
Post. She notv resides with her father in
Everett and is the publisher of the Youths'
Bell. Ten numbers have already appeared.
It has a large circulation among the members
of the Epworth Junior League, but is not
Henrietta Nina Imovilli, Aged 12.
confined to these readers, as it Is also sub
scribed to quite extensively by the general
public.
Miss Imovilli is a bright young lady, and
those who read her charming translation of
an Italian author in the Post some two weeks
ago must testify to her ability in this line, at
least, and she is fast developing her talents
in other ways.
ALLEGED HUMOR.
That she'll disappear entirely
As evolutes the race
Don't ever fear; there'll always be
The woman In the case.
—Detroit Tribune.
"You know what enemies Wilson and Wat
son were? Well, when Watson died, old Wil
son sent a beautiful floral 'gates ajar'—"
"I'm glaa to hear it. I hate to think a man
could not forgive — "
"Wait till I get through. Behind the gates
was a stairway— leading downward."—lndian
apolis Journal.
Mr. Slobbs— What is that horrible din In the
kitchen?
Mrs. Slobbs— l suppose it's the cook breaking
her New Year's resolutions. — Philadelphia
Record.
His mother— You see, your grandpapa is very
sick. Say something to him.
The son— Grandpa, would you like to have
soldiers at your funeral?— L'fllustration.
He— What Is that, dear?
She— Angel food. I made it myself.
He— You'd better eat it, dear. You're the
only angel in this house.— St. Louis Star.
Mrs. Suburb— l though you said it was the
little boy next door who was making all the
noise?
Little Johnnie— So it was, ma. I was hitting
him with a stick.— London Tit-Bits,
GIRL'S DRESS WITH LONG FRENCH
WAIST.
Exquisite little evening gowns may be made
aftortbis model, taffetas, challies, organdies,
mulls and numberless other materials being
employed.
The waist has a semi-fitted lining, over which
the material is gathered. The skirt is simply
gathered and sewed to the waist.
A pink China silk seen had frills of white
mull and yellow Valenciennes lace over the
shoulders.
A white taffetas, with blue stripes, had blue
ribbon rolled around the top of the waist, with
bows on the shoulders of the same ribbon.
This same pattern can be used for day
dresses of wool, silk or cotton, to be worn with
guimpes.
Natural colored linen will be found a very
serviceable material for general wear, and may
be worn with guirupes of white lawn or of linen
to match the dress.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Concealed Weapons— a. S., City. It is un
lawful in the city of New York to carry a
weapon concealed.
The Almighty Dollar— M. S., city. Wash
ington Irving originated the term "The
almighty dollar," using it as a satire on the
American love for gain.
They Are Cousins— M. F., Benicia, Cal. The
child of your first cousin is related to you as
cousin, and the child is also cousiu to your
child, but one degree farther removed.
Civil Seevice Bill— F. W., City. The civil
service bill, once known as the Pendleton bill,
was signed by President Arthur, he affixing
his signature to it on the 16th of January,
1883.
Oldest Abolitionist —O. S., City, it is
claimed that Rev. John Rankin, -who died in
Ironton, Ohio, in 1886, at the age of 93, was
the first abolitionist. It is asserted that be 01
--ganized the first abolition society. That was
in Kentucky, in 1818. He assisted Kliza and
her child, the originals of "Uncle Tom's Cabin "
to escape from their master.
The Sutro Road-a. S. City. The Sutro road
it is expected, will be in operation in a short
time. There have been two reasons why it has
not been in operation before this. The one Is
that it was decided not to put it in operation
until such time as the new Cliff House was fin
islied, fitted up and ready for opening; and sec
ond, the injunction issued on the prayer of the
Kniarhts of Pythias, preventing the ears from
runniTiK over a small corner of their burial
ground, has been a source of delay.
Divinc— ll. L. F., Arcata, Humboldt County
Cal. » Experiments with a diving-bell in Ports
mouth harbor, X. 11., on a clear day, with an
unruffled sen, demonstrated the fact that at a
depth of . seventy-two feet there . was light
enough to enable fhe diver to read coarse
print. The greatest depth to which a diver
has ever been is 204 feet, when the pressure on
the bell was equal to 88' 2 pounds to the square
inch. A man in a .'diving dress cannot go be
low thirty feet with safety. It a man can read
, run at a distance of seventy-two feet below the
surface when in a diving-bell he. certainly can
see when encased in a diving suit when only
fifteen led below the surface. It ho went down
in a turbid sea on a dark day if is probable
that he would not be able to distinguish ob
jects through the glasses in front of his hel
met.
Daughters of the Kin<;— K. M., City. No,
the Daughters of the King and the King's
Daughters are not the same. The order of the
Daughters of the King was organized Kaster
evening, 1885. This is the older society and
differs from the King's Daughters in many par
ticulars, many of them important. It is dis
tinctly Episcopal, and its work, which is
definite, is "for the spread of Christ's kingdom
among young women" and "the active sup
port of "the rector's plans in the parish in
which a chapter may be located." The King's
Daughters is au inter-denominational, associ
ation.
Without a Country— "Puzzled," City. Tha
question "If a boy was born on a pirate ship
when he became of age what steps would he
have to take to become a citizen of the United
States?" is one that cannot be answered as it
would require a legal decision, and there is
none to cover such r case. A pirate ship being
an outlaw has uo flag that is recognized by
civilized nations, consequently a boy born on
a vessel that has no flag has no country ; he 19
a human being without any legal standing In
any part of the world. If he wanted to become
a citizen of the United States he could not "re
nounce allegiance and fidelity to any foreign
prince or state," not having any such allegi
ance and fidelity and never having been a citi
zenof any country. Attorney* to whom the
question has been submitted were of the opin
ion that the man could not become a citizen
of the United States.
The VißQiNiug— S., City. The steamer
Virginias left the United States t without legal
papers, but .she never "was recognized by the
United States asa filibuster." October, 1573, the
steamer, flying tne American flag, was seized
by the Tornado, a Spanish man-of-war, on sus
picion of bearing a filibustering expedition to
aid the Cuban insurgents. News reached this
country that fifty-four of the crew and passen
gers had been executed. The United States
Government through President Grant made a
demand on the Spanish Government for a
restoration of the vessel and for the return of
the survivors to the protection .of the United
States, for a salute to the flag and lor the
punishment of the offending parties. The
Cubans claimed that the vessel did not have
the right to carry the American flag. After
much diplomatic intercourse Seflretary Fish on
November 27 agreed that if the vessel and sur
vivors were immediately given up .the United
States would without delay institute Inquiries
concerning the validity, of the papers of the
Virginius, and If Spain could before. December
25, 1873, give satisfactory evidence that tho
vessel had been carrying the United States flag
without authority for doing so, the salute to
the flag which had been demanded would bo
dispensed with. On December 10 the Spanish
Minister -presented a mass of evidence which
satisfied Secretary Fish, and he admitted that
the claim of the Cubans was correct as to the
flag. The vessel was surrendered, but found
ered on the way over when near Cape Fear.
Bvy your bedclothing, underwear, etc., at
Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 109 Fifth street. •
Genxine eyeglasses specs, 15c, 40e. ST-j lth,
nr. barber; Sun. 7'.iS Market (Kast shoestore).*
Epkcial information tinilv to nianufacttir<;-i,
business houses and public men by the I'reii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's}, 510 Montgomery. "
Husband's Calcined Magnesia. Four first
premium meduls awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only In bottles with regisic rod
trademark label. *
Counterfeit Bank Notes
Are not printed at our establishment, but we do
the finest class of commercial job printing at
the lowest rates. J. C. Howe, (i:stj Clay street.
Telephone 5989. Call uh up and get our figures.
Judge (to prisoner)— Why did you take only
the money and leave the basket of silver 1 '
Prisoner — Because it was too heavy.
Judge (excitedly)— Aren't you ashamed ol
yourself, you lazy man?— Fliegende Blaetter.
Think of the thousands of snfterprs who on ac«
count of impure blood have endured hours of pain
and spent much money for different medicines, who
after taking Hood's Marsaparilla have been cured.
CaiCAOO IJMITKD.
VIA SANTA FK KOUTE.
A new train throughout begins October 2».
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule reclining*
chair cars and dining-cars. Los Angeles to Chi
cago, via Kansas City, without change. Annas
cars on sharp connection for Denver and SL
Louis. 'Twenty-seven hours quicker thau th«
quickest competing train. The Santa Ke has boon
put In fine physical condition and is now tha best
transcontinental railway.
.... - ■ . . .
" Mrs. WlnaloWg Southing Sjrrap"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of moth
ers for their children while Teething with perfect
success, it soothes the child, softens the gums, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and ii the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether
arising from teething or other causes. For sale by
Druggists in every part of the world. He sure -kill
ask lor .Mrs. Wiuslow's fcoothinz Syr *53 ♦
bottle. ■ b--V? :
Coronado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
i Sew Montgomery st., Nan Francisco.
Skidmore— You can distinguish good money
from bad by its conversational qualities.
Snooper— What do you mean?
Skidmore— Genuiue money talks, but coun«
terfeit notes have to be uttered.— Detroit Free
Press.
NEW TO-DAY.
IF YOU ACHE OR GET HURT
• TRY THE
WONDERFUL NEW REMEDY
THAT RELIEVES
AND CURES SO QUICKLY,
MiLCHELUS
Match less ll\ Prevents
for Discoloration
Sore Throats, A or
Head Colds, £\ Blood
Burns, <T* Poisoning.
Piles. i J ;. i n
and v -* : Bottles.
a" f at
;V other I 25c, 50c
: forms A; and . 00 .
« of . f* ■- At - -
Inflammation, ' |^ J Druggists.
LOTION
Be Sure and Read the Directions on the Bottle
:: Fill a small teacup with Lotion; when
-.* half evaporated cover and keep . for
.EXTERNAL USK. When dry add
Lotion to cover the sediment and use
for mutism, Neuralgia, Sprains, all
pains, and Bciatlca or Asthmatic
troubles. • ; ,tO
iLJ^-' DAILY^L
tfPfc^SPECIAL-T
Ira ' Friday, Jan. 10th.
fa Genuine Cut Glass mdi
I J . vidual Salt Cellars, spark-
JJj ling like diamonds," to- . '
IE day only 10 cts. each. ;
\fli T Complete lists at your command.
lIUj Largest Department Store.
Smiths' Cash Store,
**3 414, 416, 41 8 front st., s. f.FRIDAY . -. M'AUY 10, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatkr.— 'TianpUters of Eve."
California Thkatkr— " Macbeth."
Columbia THKATKK-"The U»l Paradise."
MoKOSCO'S On-.HA-HnisK--The Fugitive"
Tivoi,iOpKßA-HovsK.-"l.xion;or, The Man of
the \\ heel."
OKPHKi-M.-Hiph-Class Vaudeville.
f;itflYF.K*s alcazar.-- My Precious Baby."
HifOTTHT: Cktttt*.- Daily at Hais&t, street
ci •■ l:ock rant of the Turk.
rAciym Coast Jockfv Club.— Races to-day.
M'CTION SALES.
By John II Kiikxch. -This day (Friday),
Watches, jewelry, etc., at 221 Montgomery St.,
at 10:30 a.m.
By Yon r.nr.iv Co.— Thrusdav, January 16,
J>;il EstatP, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
nt, 12 o'r!;vk.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Arguments in the railroad case were inter
rupted by a funeral.
annual meeting of the Children's Hos
pita! «a.- held yes-terday.
town poolrooms have been effect
ually damaged by Ed Corrigan.
Th<> annual meeting of the Ladies' Protection
- ..;;. uh- held yesterday.
I>r. Young will lecture at the Geary-street
evening on the Armenian ques-
The court interpreters for the ensuing year
appointed by the Mayor and Judges Slack
••11.
-. og regulations for 180G have at last
; from Washington. Fifty copies are at
•om-house.
Tne will of Aaron Gorfinkel, leaving an es
tate valued at $5000 to various relatives, has
been tiled for probate.
Mayor Sutro and Mayor Davie of Oakland
held a conference in order to arrange for an
Bnti-fundtng bill convention.
John Franci*! Griffin was found guilty of
robbery in Judge Wallace's court yesterday.
Ji>- will be sentenced Monday.
The Blum estate is sueine for the possession of.
■ome property held by Judah Boas, which, it is
claimed, rightfully belongs to the estate.
The weather indications for San Francisco
to-day are: Cloudy, and probably licht rain;
stationary temperature; fresh easterly winds.
Next Monday at Metropolitan Temple a
mass-meeting will be held to arouse sympathy
for the Armenian sufferers. Mayor Sutro will
J. J. Beary and F. A. Jones have been chosen
ites to the National < lonvention of Marine
Engineers, to be held at Washington on the
2Oth inst.
A big crowd attended the opening day at
side track. The winning horses were
Wyoming, Unity, Wheel of Fortune, Burmah
and Pepper.
Trolley-cars will be run to the top of Mt.
Tamalpais, Instead of cable-ears, as was pro
; The survey for the road was begun
yesterday.
Judge Hunt has sustained the demurrer of
< barles A&hton and Julius Jacobs to the com
plaint tiled last September by Mrs. Henrietta
Heydenfeldt.
The police last night arrested nine bicyclists
for violating the recent bicycle ordinance,
which prohibit! them from riding at a faster
speed than six miles an hour.
The Street Committee of the Board of Super*
'■■commended an appropriation of
(35,000 to begin work on the paving of Folsom
Btreet-witta bituminous rock.
The executive committee of the Civic Fed
eration paused a resolution yesterday protest
ing: against the removal of Superintendent
Weaver by the Board of Health.
Thomas Cpson, alias Joe Johnston, the bogus
ticket man, made a vain t>lea for mercy
lo Judge IjOxv yesterday and was sent to the
y Jail to serve six months.
If. J. Ferrer, collector for C. D. Bunker <t Co.,
f'ustom-house brokers, was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court "on three
charges of forgery in .S4OOO bonds.
The Brewers' Protective Association mem
b< ■•■- may patch up their internal troubles in
to meet ana combat what they regard as
:'i:i enemy, the labor unions.
Coast Secretary George P. Keeney of the
American Bimetallic Union left for Washing
ton. I>. C, last night to attend the conference
of silver lenders to be held there January 22.
■■■ are good chances of a lively row in the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association,
hy Director James Sproule's effort* to
oust Mr. Mead from the position of secretary.
Minister W. R. Castle of Hawaii arrived from
Washington, I>. C, yesterday on a trip to his
home. He favors the Spanlding resolution for
the annexation of Hawaii to the United States.
William McDaniels has secured a writ of ha
r*a* corpus from the Supreme Court upon
he hopes to escape from the Humboldt
County jail. He was arrested for stealing a
hog.
• P. Gallagher, proprietor of the Hotel
-m, is after the scalp of Frank Dwyer
iptlng him to lay $50 on a horserace,
refraining from gambling for twenty-six
Deputy Fish Commissioners made a success
: illegal fishermen at Bouldin Isl
and early in the week and cantured four fish
two boats, a lot of fish and 600 fathoms
nets.
G. Goodland of London, a hunter who has
_• bear, deer and mountain lions in
-as County. if in the City, en route to
Australia and New Zealand to kill wild pigs
i'-r came.
H> Irs a.-.aw of Cornelius King, who died
in the insane asylum, leavine his estate con
■ ■"•■ in ''ash to his two nephews,
.lames and Daniel King, yesterday began a
■ will.
A. W. Beler. who embezzled $2H50 from the
Ross House In November and who was arrested
and brought from Han ,}<,<r yesterday, has: made
n written ci :s guiit. He is incar
i in the City Prison.
Marion ISroje, a resident of this City,
a* injured by being thrown from a street
7th of last July, hss commenced n
BUit against the Market-street Railway Com
- >0,315 damage-.
City councils of Bt. Vincent de Paul's Society
bit at the Cathedral aud decided to
inte a bequest of $4~>oo on a pro rata
bfl>:s among th^ parish councils, which will
give it to the deserving poor.
The hire Commissioners yesterday made
several appointments, transfers and promo
rfiid it was announced that the Scannel
monument would be unveiled on Sunday after
: Laurel Hill Cemetery.
It is understood that a differential rate of $3
a ton on freipht to New YorK will be main
tained by the Pacific Mail in it? new advanced
tariff. The only hope left for shippers of "low"
commodities is the clipper-ship line.
The Han Francisco Chamber of Commerce
yesterday afternoon listened to Professor Da
vidson's report on the dangers and the necessi
ties "f the harbor. It was derided to print the
report and bold a special meeting to consider it
The Rix Compressed Air Machinery Com
pany has filed articles of incorporation Its
i ai.tal stock is «r>o,ooo, all of which has
been subscribed. The directors are Edward V
I.ix, Alice R. B. Rix, William A. Hewett, lat
i ick Reardon and A. Barnard.
< 'Maries Lawson, a sailor, who on January
4 hit John Curtin, the keeper of a sailors'
.:iK-house on Main street, over the ln-nd
"■'.>h a revolver, was yesterday held to answer
the Superior Court In $1000 bonds on
the chHrge of assault with a deadly weapon.
• iiram was received yesterday by Dr.
Calderon, Minister of .Salvador in thi= City,
fr>/in Mr. Castellanos. Minister of Foreign Af
fnirs at Ban Salvador, which statev that General
Ezeta lias organized a filibustering expedition
and is now hovering around the port of Costa
Kica.
. ■ t.OOO damage suit has been commenced
: the Belby smelting and Lead Company
by Attorneys John E.Ritchie and Delmas ( v
on behalf of W. H. Moorehouse, a
■:, who was nearly killed by the com
pany's machinery at 41(3 Montgomery street
I tember.
I lorence G. Pistes secured a divorce from
David W. Pierce yesterday because her hi.s-
I and had been convicted of a felony. In May.
1891 he was convicted in the courts of New
York of grand larceny for stealing a lnd\'s
tpin. He was sentenced to three years'
; m prisonment.
The machinery of the secret service division
<>i the {federal Government, and also that of
The Departmenr of Justice, has been put in
)'iotion to iiav- C. I>. Harson arrested. Harson
was the principal witness for the defense on
V.-D. Howeil'i lirst trial. His whereabouts are
not yet known.
Although rates of dividends have been re
duced by the savings banks, new accounts are
being opened daily with the various local sav
ings institutions by working people with un
precedented rapidity. Th«* bank managers say
that in their experience they never saw such
Mgud of prosperity among the masses.
The lHTid-grant dispute between the Govern
ment ami the Oregon and California, involving
landi embraced In both the Northern I'acitic
anil Oregon and California grants, and which
Judge Gilbert (Ml Portland decided in favor of
th< Government, lias been appealed to the
United. State circuit Court of Appeais here.
MEAD FIRES HOT SHOT
The Secretary of the Manufac
turers Replies to James
Sproule.
FIGHTING OVER PROF. SMITH'
A Demand to Have a Director Re
moved From the Investigating
Committee.
L. R. Mead, secretary of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, does
not propose to sit quietly by and permit
Director James Sproule to assert that the
affairs of the association have been mis
managed and neglected; more than that
Mr. Mead is radically opposed to having
Mr. Sproule' s friend. Professor Emory
Smith, late of Stanford University, being
put into the association as manager of the
organization.
The trouble started a week or two ago,
when it became rumored among the di
rectors that Mr. Sproule was making an
effort to oust Mead and his assistants from
the office and put his friend Emory Smith
in to manage the affairs. The first public
indication that there was discord in the
ranks was on Tuesday, at the meeting of
the directors, when Sproule requested that
the directors co into secret session — '•exec
utive" session, as he termed it. Several of
the directors opposed secret sessions, but
bis request was respected and the repre
sentatives of the press left the room.
The secret session was short, but long
enough for Jlr. Sproule to make a speech,
in which, it is said, he advocated a change
in the management of the association and
that a manager be employed to run the
business, lie made a failure, for his mo
tion was so amended that the substitute
bore no resemblance to the oiiginal mo
tion. By ttie amendment the chair was
directed to appoint a committee of three
to investigate the work ot the association
in the past and the efficiency of the man
aeement. On this committee were ap
pointed James Sproule, M. J.Keller and
\V. V. Bowers.
Even the substitute failed to remove the
sting of Sproule's dart. Secretary Mead
had in his pocket a letter from Sproule
that caused him anything but pleasure.
The principal feature of that letter Mr.
Mead regarded as a reflection upon him,
and how far he was correct may be judged
from the letter itseif, which reads:
• • • Without any prejudice whatever to
your good self, for whom 1 have the greatest
respect— both personally and in a business
way— l must say. with all possible emphasis,
that I am in favor of a radical change in
the detail management of our association's
affairs. We are languishing, and with the
limited time at your disposal to keep hold of
matters it is. more necessary now than ever be
fore to resolve our affairs into a state of perma
nent efficiency.
Looking around for o man in whose ability,
energy and foresightedness, in whom J, for
one, could have confidence, I have not been
able to locate any mure suitable man than
Emory E. Smith, who, I believe, has been to i-ee
you and quite a number of the directors of the
association. We. need a manager to take full
charge ol matters und<r the direction ol the
board — a man who will be every hour of the
day on deck, with the interests of the associa
tion solely In mind and in hand.
I shall give the gentleman named such earn
est advocacy as 1 believe the needs of the asso
ciation and his eligibility warrant.
Mr. Mead took all this with as much
f race as the circumstances would permit,
ut he pave vent to iiis feelings yesterday
upon reading a published interview witii
Mr. SprouJe. In the interview the latter
says that he has no personal feeling
against the former, nor iy he making a
canvass for Professor Smith in particular
for the position of manager. Mr. Sproule
was reported as saying:
My resolution was an expression of my be
lief that the association was in need of some
person who could devote all his time to
the advancement of the interests of tiie as
sociation. • * * The difficulty lay in the
fact that Mr. Mead did not have time to attend
to the affairs of the association as I believe
they should be attended to. Mr. Mead has
often told me that he could not spare the time
to personally attend to the association busi
ness.
This aroused the secretary's ire. Mr.
Mead said yesterday:
I do not know how Mr. Pproule got his infor
mation that I have not the time to attend to
the business of the association. Since I have
been the secretary of this organization, I have
giveti ail the time that was required to the
affairs, as the association has been my hobby.
It is not necessary for me to sit in the office ten
hours a day. Mr. I'ingle, the assistant secre
tary, attends to ihe routine and detail matters,
but 1 know of everything of importance that is
being done, and I direct all the business. One
time I did tell Mr. Soroule that I did not have
the time to attend to a projected matter that
would have required the services of a corps of
clerks.
1 am not at all pleased that lie should accuse
me oi neglecting my duties, for that is practi
cally wlint his resolution and interview means.
I claim, with some pride, that the association's
affairs have been managed remarkably well,
considering the means we have had at o'nr dis
posal. Ido not receive any compensation for
my services as secretary, and the others in the
office are not overpaid.
There is another matter that I am going to
| bring before the president, Mr. Scott, Mr.
! Sproule practically made charges that the
affairs are mismanaged and neglected, yot Mr.
Scott put him on the investigating committee.
To this I will protest, as J object lo taring Mr.
Sproule act as the complainant and then sit as
a juror on my crsc. I have sent President
Scott the following letter:
Ran Francisco, January 9, 1896.
JTenry T. Scott Esq., President Manvfrxcturer*'
and Producer? AK"»-iation — Dkar Sik: At a meet
ing of the t>oard of directors of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association of California, held at
this office on January 7, Mr. James Sproule offered
the following resolution:
Resolved, That n committee of three be appointed
by he chair to consider and report at an early day
upon the advisability of employing a munager.who
shall receive instructions from and be responsible
to the board of directors; and also, If possible, to
nominate a man jor the position who can oe
secured at a salary within the means of the associa
tion and assume office at the pleasure of the board.
To which, after being seconded, Mr. M. J. Keller
offered an amendment as follows:
)>".if"i. That the chair appoint a committee of
three to investlcate the work of the association in
Hie pa.it, tie efficiency of the management, and to
recommend plans lookin;?to a renewal of the work.
VVnicli amendment was adopted by the boanl of
directors.
Under this resolution you appointed a commit
tee, consisting of Messrs. M. J. Keller, Janus
Sproule and W. K. Ron era. to make the investiga
tion culled for In the amended resolution.
Ah this Investigation should be judicial In Its
character and impartial I deem it important that
the members of this committee should be not only
active and thoroughly well informed, but abso
lutely Impartial to the end that the best interests
of the association may be promoted. I think I am
fully Justified in unking you to reconsider your ap
pointment of James Sproule as a member of that
committee, 1 shall presume that the work of this
committee is intended to be and indeed It ought to
be impartial ana fair, and I am persuaded that Air.
Sproule is too strongly biased to jcive this work im
partial consideration.
I think 1 have a right to make this assertion from
the conduct of Mr. .Sproule, which lias become a
matter of record with this association, and 1 there
fore request that you rec insider this appointment
and put in Air. Hproule's place on this committee
an impartial and fair-minded man. Awaiting your
reply I am very truly yours, 1,. K. Si in..
So much for the charges and insinuations oi
Mr. .-proule and the matter of having him re
moved from the committee. Now an to Mr.
Sproule'l protege. He declares that lie is not
particularly interested in Professor Smith.
Look at the letter he wrote to me, in which he
says. "I shall give the gentleiiran named (Pro
fessor Smith) men earnest advocacy as 1 be
lieve the needs of the association "and his
(•legibility warrant." Does not that look
as though he whs making Smith's fight? 1
periously question Professor Smith's ability to
till the position of manager. I'rofessor Smith
is, no doubt, a scientific gentleman, because in
was professor of the agricultural department
at trie Stanford University ; but we require a
business man and not a scientific farmer to
manage this association. We want live, active
men, Mich as we have at present— men famil
iar with tin? ways of the business and manu
facturing world.
To sum it up, it looks to me as though Pro
fessor Smith had got oui of a position at Stan
ford University and wants to get in here at a
salary of $250 to $»00 a month, and he got his
friend Sproule to make his right. I would not
object to their makiug »n ordinary applica
tion for a position, but 1 do protest against
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896.
any one charging neglect to the present man
agement in order to make a clean sweep of
this office so as to place Professor Smith In
Charge. Sproule talks ol radical change being
necessary, vet Professor Smith,, when asked
what change be had to suggest, acknowledged
that he had none. It looks to me that he sim
ply wants the place and Sproule wants him to
bare it. If any one can fill this position better
than the present occupant of the office I will
make no objections to a change, but I will
tight any attempt to clean out the ollice so as
to make a place for Mr. Sproule's friend.
SUED BY CREDITORS.
S. 11. Collins, the Jeweler, Attached
on Notes Aggregating a Large
Amount.
The jewelry-store of S. H. Collins, 227
Kearny street, was attached yesterday on
claims aggregating $27,0 0. Collins made
an assignment on the 2a inst. to Arthur
Judis for the benefit of his creditors, and
was permitted to carry on his business, but
since then some of those to whom he is in
debted for large amounts have become
dissatisfied at the state of affairs.
The creditors who have begun suit are:
S. T. Bernhard, who holds, as executor of
bia father's estate, a note for $3000, and
Henry Meyer, who has Collins' note for
$24,000. The latter transferred his claims
to a clerk in the office of the attorneys
who have charire of the case.
Bern hard : s reason for beginning suit is,
principally, that he was not consulted by
Collins lit the time that the assignment to
.ludiswas made. That of Meyers is that
the assignment is not in accordance with
the law, which provides that such an act,
to be legal, must be made to the Sheriff.
Collins claims to have ample assets to pay
dollar for dollar, if only allowed sufficient
time in which to meet his obligations,
which altogether amount 10 about $.iO, OOO.
Neither of the attaching creditors has
any fault to tind with the assignee, but
they are dissatislied for the reasons already
stated.
TROUBLE OVER AN ESTATE
Heirs at Law of Cornelius King
Want Some of the Money
That Was Left.
Will Fight the Two Nephews to Whom
the Eccentric Old Man Willed
Everything.
Another big will contest was put well
under way yesterday. It was precipitated
by the death on January 4 of J. B. Fargo,
administrator of the estate of Cornelius
King. At once the heirs at law and the
heirs under the will became active.
James and Daniel King, brothers and
nephews of Cornelius King, had been
made soie heirs of the estate by the old
man, who also made them sole executors
of the estate. They gave way to J. B.
Fargo. On his death the two boys peti
tioned to be made administrators of the
estate, James being represented by Blake
& Harrison and Daniel by Knight & Heg
gerty.
Kate Sullivan of Watsonville, a sister of
the deceased, yesterday asked for letters of
administration for herself. She is repre
sented by Sullivan & Sullivan. At the
same time she joined the other heirs in
asking that Public Administrator Freese
be allowed to handle the estate. This was
to be her second choice.
There are seven of these other heirs, all
of whom are non-residents. Florence
Carey King, Daniel King, Kate Riordan,
Denis Kinc and Michael King are repre
sented by Walter H. Levy, Kothchild &
Acb and Joseph P. Kelly. Florence Carey
Kine Jr. and Mary Bfacii&do are repre
sented by buKivan ft Sullivan and George
P. Burke.
The estate in contest amounts to $214,
--000 in cash deposited in various banks in
San Francisco. The grounds for breaking
the will will be unboundness of mind and
undue influence.
Cornelius King died in the insane asylum
at Napa on July 24, 1894. He was a char
acter. He made his money buying and
selling second-hand barrels, and would
often roll an old barrel down the street to
his shop to save expressase. He specu
lated sometimes, but bought no land,
having a mania for piling up cash.
About 18! X) he was assaulted by a foot
pad and was severely beaten about the
iiead. This left him totally deaf and his
eccentricities increased. Owing to his
deafness he was continually fearful that
some one was preparing to make another
assault upon him. Thiseventually affected
his mind, and when, in 18130, he tired sev
eral shots at a man, he was sent to Napa.
Several years previous to the assault
which unbalanced him he had made a will
leaving all his property to his two nephews.
This, it is claimed, was practically the
same as another will he made five years
bpfore that.
There is promise of a long and hard
fought litigation.
SALMON-FISHERS ARRESTED.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Capture
Two Men and Their Outfit.*.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Davis and
Steams made a raid recently upon illegal
salmon-tishers on the Bouldin Island
drifts and captured two boats,. GOO
fathoms of three-mesh nets, a lot of sal
mon and four men. The regular fishermen
on those drifts do not cause the' deputies
any trouble, as they conform to the law
and use only 7%-inch mesh net?, and in
several years but one man has been ar
rested there for illegal fishing.
Several days ago word was received that
parties from the outside were fishing on
the drifts with three-mesh nets and tak
ing all kinds of fish. Davis and Steams
started out with the launch, and when
they arrived within si{,'ht of the drifts
made a run for the outsiders. No sooner
did the latter recognize the launch than
they began to throw their fish overboard
by the hundred pounds. One boatload of
fishermen was so successful as to escape
after abandoning their nets and throwing
the catch away. The other two boats were
not so successful and the four fishers were
placed under arrest. A letter received at
the Fish Commission rooms in this City
states that the regular fishermen who ob
serve the law are pleased at the capture.
Reports from the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers are to the effect that the
run of salmon up those waterways is larger
than for years past. Those familiar with
fish statistics say that the run is the larg
est in twenty years.
A Popular Railway Man Dies.
The railway aeents in this city received
black-bordered letters yesterday from the Den
ver and Kio Grande Railway, announcing the
death of Captain W. F. Tibbltt, traveling pas
senger agent of that line, ip Denver. Captain
Tibbits held the position of traveling passen
ger agent of the Denver and Rio Grande for
eighteen years, and was one of the best-known
railway men west of the Mississippi. To most
of the San Francisco passenger agents he was
an old and intimate friend frum whom many
courtesies were received, and to travelers a
most obliging official. He died January 4.
He Was Disinherited.
W.J.Bernard issuing John F.Bernard and
Frances E. M. Bernard for possession of a third
interest in a seventy-five foot lot on Oak Grove
avenue, near Harrison street. The lot was
deeded to the defendants by Ellen F. Bernard'
their mother, and the plaintiff claims that his'
sister and brother unduly influenced the mind
of his mother against him, and he was in con
sequence deprived of a share in the property
There Wa» no Quorum.
Considerable business lay upon the table
yesterday awaiting action by the Traflio Asso
ciation, but as some of the members of the ns
sociatlon's executive committee were out of
town a quorum could not bo gathered so the
meeting went over until to-day.
CIGAR STANDS MUST GO
Harbor Commissioners Have De
termined to Remove All
Obstructions.
THE NEW FERRY DEPOT AGAIN.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald Is Not
Ready Yet for the Con
ference.
The Harbor Commissioners have finally
decided that everything in the shape of
cigar and fruit stands, offices in which bal
last men rrake their headquarters, and
those in which dealers in brick transact
their business must be moved from ytate
property. There will be no exception to
this rule, and while ali will be given time
to move, they will be informed at the same
time that no pull can save them.
When the board met yesterday a num
ber of those who have been using space on
THE FRUITSTAND ON THE BULKHEAD BETWEEN CLAY AND WASHINGTON
STREETS THAT WILL BE REMOVED BY ORDER OF THE HARBOR
COMMISSIONERS EARLY NEXT AIOATH.
the water front free of charge were nres
ent. They were not permitted to stsre
their case, as President Colnon ruled them
out of order. In doing so he explained
that the board would be as lenient as pos
sible with all who had stands on the State
property. "There is no intention," said
he, "of forcing everybody to move at
once. Thirty days' notice will be given to
one and all, and where it would involve a
hardship to insist on the thirty-day limit
further time will be given. Everybody
must move, however, as the board has de
termined to rid the water front of all un
necessary obstructions."
"Hitherto the water front seems to have
been owned by everybody and anybody,"
said Commissioner Chadb'ourne. '"Adver
tisers have nspd the State buildings to suit
their own purposes, and anybody who
wanted to set up a cigar or fruit stand has
chosen his own location and occupied it.
The sooner this state of affairs is stopped
the better. The water front is for the use
of the shipping, and everything not di
rectly connected with that will be re
moved."
Aniong the Protestants was John Mc-
Laughlin, who has a cigar-stand adjoining
the shed over Spear-street wharf. He is
an old sailor, and is known from one end
of the water front to the other. During a
voyage to Alaska hia vessel was wrecked.
For days he was exposed to the terrors of
an Arctic winter, and when rescued both
his hands and his right foot were frost
bitten.
All three were amputated, but still Mc-
Laughlin manages to pet around, and can
liand out a cigar or a plug of tobacco as
quickly as any full-limbed" man in Sail
Francisco.
"I'm willing to move if the Harbor Com-
ONE OF THE CIGAR-STAN l)S TUAI 111.. UAKBOS COXLSLk&aIOSEHa CON
SIDER AN OBSTRUCTION ON THE WATER FRONT AND .WHICH WILL
BE REMOVED.
missioners will only give me something
else to do," said he yesterday. "I'm a
thorough seaman, and although my hands
are gone, I can write and figure as well as
the best wharfinger on the front. When I
became a cripple those who knew me said
1 would become a burden on the City, but
I said no. I started this cigar-stand, and
I've made a living. Now, if the Harbor
Commissioners arc going to take it away
from me, let them give me something
to do."
John Rezzola, who has a fruitstand on
the bulkhead between Clay and Washing
ton street wharves, was another proteataut.
He is a cripple. <>S years of age, and has a
wife and five children to support. He has
made a living on State property for years,
but now he will have to move with the
others.
After the routine work of the board had '
been gone through with President Colnon ■
drew attention to the mooring bits along i
the water front. He said he had been in
formed by several people that they v^ere
of no use except in calm weather, aiid that
when a storm came ud and any strain was
put on them they pulled out and vessels
went adrift. "In view of the fact that j
winter is coming on." said he, "I think i
some action should be taken in this mat
ter."
Superintendent of Construction Patter
son defended the bits and said they 3tood
fairly well. His principal objection to ;
their removal was the fact that it would !
cost a great deal of money to drive moor- j
ing piles in their place. To this President ,
Colnon replied : "'lf the change is neces- I
sary for the safety of the shipping it will j
have to be made and that is ah there is to j
the matter. It's not a question of money,
bat one of the safety of vessels during'a \
gale. There is a ship unloading at How- >
ard-street wharf now that the bits would
not hold if a storm came up."
Chief Wharfinger Root and Chief En- j
gineer Holmes we're both of the opinion !
that the mooring bits should be replaced
by piles, as the latter would give to the
strain while the bits would not. Com mis- i
sioners Cole and Chad bourne favored the
change and it was finally decided to taKe
action on the matter at the next meeting
of the board.
Cnief Wharfinger Root reported that
quite a number of vessels (six) had been
anchored in the fairway by the pilots last
"Wednesday night. As the attention of the
Pilot Commissioners has once before been
called to this matter the members of the
board felt annoyed over t lie affair. The
secretary was instructed to send another
letter to inform the pilots that if they in
fringed upon the rules again an example
would be made of some of the ships.
Superintendent of Construction Patter
son informed ihe board that he had an
offer for some scales that bad been re
moved from Howard-street wharf some
years ago and he wanted to know what to
do in the mutter. Everybody looked mys
tified until Secretary Keegan explained
that one of the board's tenants had put up
ttie scales and paid no rent for the privi
lege lor five years. A biii for $500 was sent
him and he moved away, leaving the scales
behind, lie also owed trie Pacific Bank
money and that corporation claimed the
.-cales and sold them for $5. When an at
tempt was made to remove them the State
stepped in and took possession. The sec
retary was instructed to advertise the
scales for sale as belonging to an "un
known owner.""
All the contractors for the ferry depot
were again in attendance, but as Attorney-
General Fitzgerald had been unable "to
meet with Messrs. Stratton and Ford the
matter went over again to next Tuesday.
Commissioner Cole said he thought it waa
a pity the matter could not be settled at
once. He was of the opinion that the
! work oueht to be gone on with and get the
Attorney-General's opinion afterward.
Commissioner Chadbourne thought that
wouM bo anything but a safe course to
DUrsue. "The Attorney-General is a mem
ber of the Board of Examiners, and is also
the attorney for the Controller, and thus
holds the trump card. It is better to have
this matter straight at the start, and then
the contractors will not have their money
tied up when the work is half done. If
you, Mr. Cole, wiii guarantee that the con
tractors will get their money I'll vote right
Rto >jo ahead with the work."
mmissioner Cole declined to enter
any guarantee, so the contractors de
parted to assemble again in the board
rooms next Tuesday.
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Appointments, Resignations and Pro
motions- Unveiling of the Scau
nell Mdii cur.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and imposed the following fines:
Joseph Shauphnessy of engine 31, ten days'
pay for ungentlenianiy conduct and vulgar
language to agripman; William Douglass,
engineer of engine 19, ten clays' pay for
neglect of duty, and George Burry of truck
4, twenty days' pay for neglect of duty.
The resignations of Thomas Henritty,
hoseman of encine 4; Robert Langan,
hoseman of engine 17, and Charles J.
Tracy, hoseman of engine 24. were ac
cepted. William Murphy, hoseman of en
s-'iue 18, was promoted to stoker of engine
17, and F. H. Kenny, hoseman of engine 2,
to foreman of engine H. The following ap
pointments were made: Charles Smith
| and W. Little, hosemen, engine 33; J.
Quinlan, hoseman, engine 24; P. Gillin,
■ John Farley and Daniel Martin, hosemen,
I engine 9, and Richard Cosgrove, hosen>an,
engine 17. All the members of engine 9,
except the permanent members, were
transferred toother companies in view of
| the recent developments connected with
| the fire at Battery and Bush streets.
A recommendation was made to the
Board of Supervisors to pay Edward
O'Neill of engine 7 $r>o as compensation for
injuries sustained while in the performance
of his duty.
It was announced that the monument
erected by the members of the department
in the firemen's plat, LaureJ Hill Ceme
tery, to the memory of the late Chief, David
Scannell, would be unveiled on Sunday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. As the late Chief's
friends were so numerous no individual
in vital ions will be sent out, and the press
was asked to mention the fact, so that all
who desire could be present.
Mills'. Marriage*.
Annie E. Mills is seeking to have her mar
riage with C. E. Mills annulled. She alleges
that she and Mills were married in Ohio on
April 29, 1889. They came to this City some
time after, and here Mills became infatuated
with Klizabeth Anna Stuart. On June 19,
1894, he left his home, and after securing a
license in Alamcdti County, he married her,
leaving the lirst wife alone. She says she has
had nothing to do with him since, the second
wife is made a co-defendant, and the ulaiotiff
asks for $150 with which to prosecute her suit.
Drink ami Despondency.
John H. Smith, a teamster, living at 1211
Fillinore street, while suffering from despond
ency and an overdose of whisky, attempted to
commit suicide yesterday morning by cutting
his throat with a knife. He whs taken to the
Receiving Hospitnl and the wound, which is
not dangerous, was stitched and dressed by
Dr. Rhine. Smith was then taken to the City
Prison and booked as a "drunk." He has a
wife and live small children.
Dr. Morris, Dentist, has removed to the
Phi-lan Building, ruoms 30, 32 and 34. •
WILL SPEAR WILD PIGS
G. Goodland, a Noted Hunter, Is
Here, on His Way to
Queensland.
HE HAS KILLED MUCH GAME.
His Story of former Experiences at
the Antipodes in Pig and
Kangaroo Hunting.
G. Gooclland of London, Eng., a hunter
who has been killing bear, deer and
mountain lions in Calaveras County and
other parts of the Sierra Nevada region, is
at the Rums.
He is an old hunter and has had some
graphic experiences in going after emu*,
kangaroos, wallaby, wild pigs and other
game in New Zealand and different parts
of Australia. He thinks California hunt
ing tjuite exciung, and is well pleased
with his trip. There were four iv his
party. They spent most of their time in
the mountains near Westport. At one
time they were snowed up for four days.
He says they killed several of the little
brown or cinnamon bear, two mountain
iions, and all the deer they wanted. In
speaking of his adventures, he said:
1 am now on my way to Queensland and shall
sail on the Alameda to-morrow. L expect to
have a try at the wild pigs there. 1 have been
in Queensland before ana know what the sport
is. Li is vtry exhilarating, ami there is a spice
nf danger in it which makes it very interest
in?.
The pigs in Queensland go in bands, and
they come down on you liKe a storm. You
must have a good pony or you will have no
ciiance in the fray. You kill tluni with a long
Epear.
Though these pigs come at you as though they
would eat you up, they will iv many cases
turn from you when aunost upon you, and you
will have to sort out your pig and pursue him
before he will come to bay and show the met
tle that is in him.
! Jim these pigs are not so vicious as the wild
j hogu til iiuiia. These are very dangerous. ihey
' nrc big,witti tremendous snouts ami tut^ks, and
j a simp from one of them is enough to lake a
man's leg off. A hunter there hus to be very
, '.vary indeed.
The iua:e pigs of Queensland are from two
H.'.i<l a hall to mree and a half feel long. They
.ire all as black as coal, and ere arnud with
tong, Bharp teeih. 1 have had a great veal of
| enjoyment in going alter them.
Hunting the wild pig?, and kangaroos now
mini the best sport to oe had at the Antipodes.
j But the kangaroos are protected by the laws,
lliey oni'e overran the country ho they were
considered a nuisance. 1 hey peeled the fruit
trees of ranchers and made inroads on tnem iv
other ways Unit were very distasteful to the
early settlers.
A law whs passed offering a bounty for their
killing. They disappeared so rapidly, their
hkins being used lor ooots and shoes, tnat in a
few years the country became almost clear of
them. Then shortly followed the mnmipinl
law, which forbade their killing. This is the
law in force now.
The emu has also been protected in the same
way. Time was when ft man <ould go torth on
the desert and kill emus.ll not by the dozen,
at least In such a number as satisfied his do
sires for sport, lie hhd to look out, too, fora
kick t'roui one of these tjirds would break a leg.
There is yet good sport in going aitcr wallaby.
There are a good ni»n; there. However, the
wild pigs which 1 am now going after afford
the best of all sport. I fhail be tome time in
hunting them.
J hoped to get a California grizzly while
here, but did not have the time to utiasi- one
down. I have been in Africa, but at that time
I did not hunt, and consequently killed no big
game in that country.
Mr. Goodland expects to return to Cali
fornia at some future time for further
hunting in the Sierras. His trip nfter wild
pigs In Queensland will be somewhat ex
tended.
QUITE AS DRY AS DUST
Arguments Presented by Counsel
in the Railroad
Case.
The Funeral of John W. Coleman
Comes to the Rescue of Judge
McKenna.
It took nothing leu than a funeral to
break in on the tedious reading of affida
vits and arguments as to their admissibil
ity in an injunction suit brought by the
Southern Pacific Company against the
Railroad Commissioners.
Judge McKenna, ever patient and kind,
lay back in his comfortable armchair yes
terday morning, when ex-Judge Hayne
resumed his argument Jeff, off abruptly
the day before. Counsel, in words most
eloquently spoken, but to laymen, and
others, for that matter, as dry as dust,
went over the ground he covered the day
befure. The hearing lasted until after the
noon hour, when his Honor, with a pleas
ant expression, unbecoming the sad nature
of yart ot 1 is ruling, announced that an
adjournment would be taken, as most of
the lesal lights engaged in the case were
culled upon to attend the funeral of the
late John VV. Cole man, in Oakland.
The affidavit which has brought out ex-
Jndge Hayne'a lengthy argument was
published in yesterday's issue of The
Calilh Mr. Havne's endeavor was ex
pressed by Judge McKenna quite tersely
in answer to an interrogatory of Attorney
Herrin for the railroad company when he
said:
My understanding of the arguments made
by the respondents is ihat the Government,
being a creditor of the complainants and de
siring to protect its Interests, appointed a com
mittee through Congress to investigate the af
fairs of the railroad. This committee reported
buck to the President of the United States, who
transmitted the report to Congress. When the
committee bepan its investigation the corpora
tion was anxious to get an extension of time
in which to make its payments and, may be
reluctantly, sent its officers before the commit
tee, where they testified, not as individuals,
but as tor the corporation.
At this Attorney Herrin rose with a
start, saying:
The Southern Pacific was not indebted to the
Government, in fact was in no way related to
the Government and can be in no" way bound
by the utterances of individuals happening at
the time to b» members of the corporation.
On these lines the arguments lasted un
til recess and will be cairied on again this
morning.
Heavy Damages Asked.
Mrs. Marion Broje, a resident of this City,
through her attorney, Eugene F. Bert, has
filed a suit aeainsl, the Market-street Railway
Company, asking that $50,315 damages be al
lowed her in conpensation for injuries re
ceived by herself in an accident wnich hap
pened on July?. On the day of the accident
Mrs. Broje left her home and took a Third
street electric car. On arriving at Market
street she alightid and hailed a Market-street
car westward bound, as she intended visiting
the park. Standing at the same place were
two ladies, eneh accompanied by a gentleman.
The car came to a standstill and the gentle
men went to the dummy and the ladies en
tered the closed portion of the car. Mrs. Broje
attempted to follow the ladies, and had just
reached t»e first step when the car started
throwing her violently to the ground and in
juring her.
NEW TO-DAY- AMUSEMENTS.
SHOOT THE CHUTES!
FROM 1 TO 5 AM) 7 TO 10:30 P. M.
(WEATHER PERMITTING),
HAIG R£»I T ¥ KI NKA « Til K PARK.
ADMISSION 10 CKN TS
Children (including a Merry-Go-Kound Hide), 10c.
DUFFY'S PURE
rcß^MfmciNArusE
NO FUSEL OIL
IT GIVES NEW LIFE
to those who are rim down in
health. It makes weak, worried
I men cheerful and ambitious.
Be sure to get the genuine of
your druggist or grocer. Scud for
! pamphlet to
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
NEW TO-DAT-AMUSEMENTS.
P^J^ry-iSSATRS^I PROPS.
EVERY \Kiirr THIS WEEK,
INCLUDfNQ SUNDAY.
M A TIN i . SATURDAY !
The Charming and Brilliant Artiste,
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And Her Own Splendid Company
; In A. K. Lancaster and Jnllun Magnus' l'owerful
Emotional Drama,
"DAUGHTERS OF EVE*
NEXT WEEK— 2<I AMi LAST OF
MARIE WAINV/R-iaHT
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday Ni-.-ht
A Magnificent Revival of
"TH-, LOVE CHAS^ 11
Friday Might and Saturday Matinee,
"OAIVEIT-iT-jE!''
Saturday and Sunday Nijrlit«,
"A3ST XJISTEQU fi T_, Ti/L TOH"
SEA'iS NOW SELLING.
%m THEATRE I '""??
2 WEEKS' ENGAGEMENT OK
America's Representative Tragedian, MR.
LOUiS JA6VIES
And His Excellent Company in Repertory:
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY NIGHT •
"MACBETH
Sat. Mat. and Sunday Night "VIRGINICS"
Next Week— Monday, January 13,
Second ami i-n^t Week of
MR. LOUIS JAMES
I Monday and Thursday ••MARMION"
(First Time in San Francisco >
I Tuesday (by lle-iiies 1 ) "OT M KLr^O"
Wednesday and Sunday "MACRETM'*
Friday Evening and Sato 'day Matinee
"HOMED AND JKI.IKT"
M It. JAMES as ROUTIO.
Saturday Night "lIAMLET"
! SEATS NOW BEADY.
rnitDLAnGtHGOTTLOD « ->■ ussejjwsiwwtattt—
THE
FOUND LOST
PARADISE
TO BE THE BEST PLAY
EVER PKESENT I) BY THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY
New Scenery: New Costumes!
SE.aTS— •- si-, 50c and 75c.
Monday Next "THE SENATOR"
MY PRECIOUS BABY
IN FOR A RUN.
No wonder Grover's Alcazar is Crowds I.
It's the only comedy in the city, and far and
away the best ot the season.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Matinee prices— lOc, 15c, 25c. No higher
Night Prices— !Oc, 15c, 25c, 35c, 500.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
aiK«>. iiKiiiTiMi Xi( = i.i.v,i l'ropri«-ioc v .ua in.'ii."
— every"even^nq
~ THE SECOND IBITHM |—
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Eur-
-2\ lesque, X
I IXION. l
v) NEW SONGS! 0
jq NEW DANCES! ■ ■M'
mmmmm NEW LOCALISMS! __.
NEW SPECIALTIES! —^»
TUESDAY KVESiNG; .JANUARY 14.
25TH PZRFOSHA \(K,
SPECIAL SOUVENIR NIGHT!
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
• The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTEK MOKOSCO, sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Tom Craven's Famous Comedy Drama,
THE FUGITIVE!
SEE The Mills By Moonlight
and Realistic Shipwreck Scene.
Kmnrn pkk »..*— 2sc ana (Ho.
Family Circle and Gallery. 103.
Usual Matinee* NHiuniay ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Furrell Street, Between stoclcroa aal PotMS.
Tremendous Success of Our New People.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
6 NEAV I' BO PL ! 6
MASON AND HEALY,
DELTOKriLLO BROTHERS,
DUCROW AND BUSH,
CARON AND HERBERT,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
AN' I)
A MAGNIFICENT COMPANY.
.Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, l(te: Opera ca%lrt
and Box seats. f.Oo.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track),
FIVE OR MOKE RACES DAILY.
(KAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION JSI.OO.
Take gonUieru Paciflc trains at Third and Town-
send streess Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare for round trrp. Including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission ret electric line direct
to track. -
A.. B. SPRKCKELS, W. S. LKAKE.
President. Secretary.
78
A DANGEROUS VENTURE
An Ocean Voyage Is to Be At
tempted in a Twenty-Foot
Scow.
BOUND FOB SANTO DOMINGO.
Frank Borne^o Will Be the Master and
Christion Nelson Will Be the
Crew.
of the most venturesome voyages
mpted will probably start from
irharf some time to-day. ■
Prank Bornego ami Christien j
■i will attempt to take what la prac
uothing more nor less than a small
nere to Ban to Domingo, Lower
irnia, v:a Ensenada. The peculiar'
ig craft is called t'u> Gertrude and >
the general opinion along the front is that i
ive ii cross the tar.
When the !ic;le sloop Hayseed was fitted
THB TWKNTY-FOOT SCOW GERTRUDE AMI CAPTAIN FRANK BORNEGO,
WHO WILL SAIL BEE FROM UF.RE TO SANTO DOMINGO VIA tNSENADA.
- leked by a "Cali" artist.l
out for a trip to Coco? Island the knowing
ones said it was a l>arebrained venture. The
captain had visions of buried treasures in
his mind's eye and be paid no attention to
warnings. He and his assistant were told
over and over aeain that instead of find
ing buried treasures among the sandhills
of Cocos they would find a watery grave.
They laughed at tT c prophets and the
Hayseed in due time reached the island,
but -the treasure has not been found,
although Cocos has been tunneled from
ail the iioinls of the compass.
The voyage of the Gertrude is somewhat
similar to that of the Hayseed. She also
will be used in the search for buried
treasure; I tit, unlike the Hayseed, the
master and his man know just where the
precious metal is located. The tittles
is "owned by the Ybarra Gold Mining
Company of Santo Domingo, and if she
ever reaches that point will be used as a
tender between the mines and the open
i the larger vessels
owned by :i will anchor.
The Gertrude is only -' i! feet long and
ab«>n: U feet bn S irer .it the
how than she ia at the stern and is cutter-
rigged. She ia very light and buoyant,
CD faith in her that
be has iliciting freight. In her
miniature forehold there ia a considerable
quantity of railroad iron, and an attempt
made yesl ■ moon to put
ty keps of nails aboard.
These sank her mi deep in the water,
however, that Captain Bornego came to
l that . - retion was tl c
better pan <>i valor, so he put them ashore
again. The little cabin is both galley,
forecastle .. and in it will be
ns and water. There
is only room for one man at a time to
move around in it. so that it is lucky that
either the captain or mute will always be
at watch on deck.
En talking about the trip yesterday Cap
tain Bornego said: "There is no danger
when c to mink of it. Every
. in the year you hear of people being
picked np ai sea in open boat*, md many
a man owes his life to a raft of logs. Now
they call the Gertrude 'a box.'
••Very well I'll admit it just for the sake
of argum- v a perfectly water
tight box just the tame and being well bal
lasted is perfectly safe. Our first stop will
be at Ensenada and from there we will uo
to Santo Domingo. The Gertrude would
have been shipped to the latter place had
it not been for the fact that it is an open
roadsted. and great difficulty would have
been encountered in launching her. Once
at Domingo the Gertrude will run
up and down the river between the mines
and the coasting schooners that call there.
If we have anything like luck we will
make the run down in about ten days and
you can expect to hear from us at En
senada about the Jlst inst."
The Gertrude has attained a great deal
of attention along the front and the
chances are that when she sails there will
be many hundreds of people to see her off.
Captain Kornego says he will not take a
tug, but will get away from the wharf un
der sail and make the best of his way
down the coest unaided.
READY TO INVEST.
San Francisco r.ankers on the Alert
for luited State* ltonds of the
New Issue.
The lead'nc tanks and many of the rich
men of San Francisco are holders of United
States bonds, and it is certain that some of
the thirty-year 4 per cents which the Gov
ernment now expects to i>sue will be
taken by banking institutions of this City.
A well-known banker, speaking on the
topic yesterday, said : "The Hiberniaßank,
which does not accept a deposit larger
than $1000, has now $30,000,000 in its keeping
which belong to depositors. This bank
holds from rive to ten millions of United
States bonds. Now should a run at any
time occur nve millions of United States
bonds could be sold at once in New York
and the amount of coin, calculating the
premium, would be sufficient to meet a
run of a year's duration. The depositors
could stand in line for a great length of
time before the clerks paying out coin on
ordinary deposits couldjexh.ri-t tbia sum."
William Alvord of the Bank of Califor
nia remarked yesterday mat this bank
would, probably, take "some of the new
bonds. The Bank of California bought
some of the last issue, but did not m*ke
any money in the investment, as a
round premium *»as paid. His judgment
is to the effect that people with mor.ev
looking for investment prefer to t
par or a shade less than par. The idea of
paving a dollar and twelve cents for a
dollar in bonds does not strike the masses
as a popular measure. When the security
offered can be bought for 98 or 99 cents
people go down in their pockets MB I
ings for the mouey to invest. A popular
loan would be three or* three and a half
per cent bonds, with the list open for all
subscribers. Germany and France tempt
investors by offers of this kind. \
San Francisco bankers fancy that the
1" :...., of the proposed issue, bearing 4
per ceui interest, with thirty years to run,
w:;j sell at a premium of twelve cents on
the dollar. The chances are that the
premium will go higher. The Govern
ment will not have the slightest difficulty
in disposing of the bonds at a fair premium.
There will not be a great rush in San
Francisco to obtain the securities, but our
capitalists are on the alert, and if the
premium is not deemed excessive some
Heavy investments will follow.
SUING FOR POSSESSION!.
The Blum Fstate After Souie Property
Held l>.v Juilnh lion*.
Isidor Blum, administrator cf the estate
of Herman Blum, has commenced suit to
secure from Judah lioas and Flora Caro
possession of some real property on Bush
and Dupont streets and on Post and Stock
ton streets.
On November 7, 1879, Herman Blum was
indebted to J. W. Winter In the sum of
>: A3. There was an account between the
two which reduced this amount, and
.'.naily Winter agreed to settle in full for
1500. Blum did not have the $500 ready
so he borrowed ii from Boas, and the
property was transferred to Boas to secure
payment. Boas was to hold the property,
and mil of its earnings was to pay his own
claim and also a claim for $iooo hold by
the San Francisco Savings Union, and
then the property should be reconveyed
to Blum.
The chums were all satisfied in 1890, the
plaintiff allegea, but still no accounting
from Boas was forthcoming nor was the
property retransferred. One-half of the
property had been conveyed to Flora Caro,
the plaintiff alleges, for the purpose of de
frauding the rightful owner, and all efforts
to secure an accounting have proved in
vain. He therefore asks that the convey
ance to Bous be treated as a mortgage, and
that he be given possession as having sat
isfied the obligation. He also asks that
Boa* be compelled to account and to pay
to nim all profits in excess of those neces
sary to sati-M'y the claims agreed upon.
The property is sail to be worth $100,000.
WAS TEMPTED AND LOST
Proprietor of the Hotel Langham
Lays Money on a
Horserace.
Frank Dwyer's Persuasive Tongue
Made Him Break a Record of
Twenty- Six Years.
John P. Gallagher, proprietor of the
Hotel Langham, at Mason and Eilis
streets, is nursing his wrath to keep it
warm against Frank Dwyer, a well-known !
frequenter of the racetracK.
For twenty-six years he has steadfastly
Bet his face against gambling of every
description, but Dryer's persuasive tongue
has at last made him fall from trrace.
Dwyer had been in the habit of dropping
into the Langham occasionally, and on j
Tuesday morning he got talking to Galla- i
gber about the race-.
"My horse, Regan,* 1 said Dwyer, "is a
flier. He is going to run in one of the ;
races to-day, and he is sure to win. Now, ;
Mr. Gallagher, it you would lay $100 on'
Kega:i it would be money in your pocket."
"No, sir," said Gallagher, "yon don't
catch me betting on horseraces". Why, I
haven't seen a horserace in twft&ty-elx
years, and I have never laid a bet "on a
race, played cards, or gambled in any
shape or form during that time, nor have
I permitted it to be done in my house, and
I am not going to begin now."
"That's all right," replied Dwyer. "but ■
you know it's different when you have a \
sure thing. You give me $100 to bei and
we will divide the winnings. Win or lose
you wUI get the $100 back from me."
Gallacr-er, after more persuasive elo
quence from Dwyer, yielded and gave :he
$50. Dwyer handed him a horseman's
badge so that lie ooold have access to ihe
Btabtea and saddling paddock, and together
they went to the racetrack. Dwyer led
Gallagher to one of the stables and snowed i
him three or four horses which he said t>e- !
longed to him, ana pointed with pride to
I Regan. "Pat him on the neck," said
Dwyer, "he is as irentle as a lamb."
Dwyer left Gallagher and told him he
would -cc him at the stable after the races !
were over and divide tueir winnings. Gal- '
j lagher watched the races, and afier the ■
: last one was run he waited for nearly an '
hour for Dwyer, but no Dwy» r appeared.
Yesterday he sent a sharp note to
Dwyer's house., and his wife calleJ at the
hotel. She toli Gallagher that her hus
band would cali in tiie afternoon and ar- ;
range matters, but he did not keep his j
I promise.
"I will make it interesting tor Dwyer," :
said Mr. Gallagher last night, "if he "does
not return to me that $50. I don't believe
he owns any horses."
ALMOST A ROBBERY.
L. KadoTich M.ikci th« Acquaintance
of a Pair of Foot
pads.
About 8 o'clock last night L. Radovicli
of the firm of Radovich & Urhlandt, at
present engaged as a mining engineer, was
attacked at the corner of Stockton and Pa
cific streets by a couple of men evidently
looking for plunder. One of the men ad
dressed Mr. Radovich by name, offering to
accompany him home." Mr. Raiovicti' de
clined the offer of the man's company, aiv.i
was about to proceed oja his way when the
taller of the two men endeavored to aD
stract a watch and $2C> whica were in
>ir. Ha iuvich's vest poeKet.
Radorich shouted for the police, and
pass-.-rs-by ran to his assistance, and then
the would-be robbers fled, one toward
Chinatown and the other out Pacific street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 189 G.
FAVORITES WERE BEATEN.
A Big Crowd and Lively Betting
on the Opening Day at
Ingleside.
THE GENTLE SEX IN FORCE.
Fair Lovers of Equine Sport Filled the
Grand — Pepper a Lone
First Choice.
Long before the hour for the horses to
answer the bugle-call announcing post
time for the opening race at Ingleside '.
track yesterday the grand stand was ;
crowded with a pay throng, and the packed
betting ring was evidence that the new
Pacific Coast Jockey Club is enjoying un-
I abated favor with the race-going public.
The club was favored with delightful
weather for its opening day and the track
resembled a piece of velvet. The occasion !
also being "Ladies' day,' the grand stand
was tilled to overflowing with fair race
lovers, and the air was murky with tips.
An excellent orchestra lent additional ,
gayety to the occasion by discoursing pop- j
ular airs between races. "
The racing was most enjoyable. There j
was a noticeable absence of crowding and j
jo-tiing, so frequent in races at the old !
track, the broad stretches and wide tarns
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
T"wen«y-flfth Day of the Winter Mertifij of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Fine.
I rock Fast. Ing eslde Track, Francisco. I hursday, January 9, 1896.
!>■) FIKST HACK- «lx lurlongs:
; purse $400.
Index.'
norse, weight.
I St.
CI.
I Wyoming 112 6
488 Clara Wilson 107 5
432 Pique 107 7
393 Clovprdnle 109 0
........ Mr. Heel 112 1
488 Haiar.... 107 3
48S Artiaf. a 107 4 '■■
4*^ Xl Carmen 107 11
$69 it il PUce 109 8
488 Huntress 107 10
501 liiv: Chief 109 2
!::::::::
i
3i«,
61
9 1
ii %
7-n'
2 h
81
10 1
2 1
ii
6i 2
6 1
7 y 2
4h
81
if*
10% i
2IV2J 11J4
12 2 'J I ■■>
*> Va 3 IVS
7 4 1 j
3b 52
8 6 V 2
6 Vz 7 2;
10 8 6
41 94
9 10 i±
11 111
Mack Sin 10
jDowtt 5-2
K. Isom 6
Bergen 10
|l.amle ■".■..... 8
McCla n 10
K. Jones 10
Garner 5
J. (horn B
W. (51) 1111 i 15
T.Sloan I 3
20
5
8
50
11-5
30
30
8
9
100
3
1
!
Perfect start. Won easily. Winner, J. G. Brown's b. c, by l'ardee-Caprice. Time, 1:161^.
1 3 BECONB RACE — *even furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse f4'JO.
Horse, weight.
St.
':
a A Str. Fin. I Joe Keys.
3 4 8 2 12 Cochran
2 V a 2 2 2 1 W. Martin
11 In I 3 6 1. Sloan
6 1 5 h 4 3 Mc'niyre
7 3 72 ! 6 \<2 Garner...........
5h 6i : (i 2 Mack. in \
4h 4^ : 7 4 Pipsott
9 9 i 813 Carroll I
! 82 8 3 ; 9 E. Jones '
Bettine:.
Op. CI.
(501) Unity 106 1 In 3 1
461 "Kowalsky 110 2 32 ill
4 PU i Perhaps." 105| 6 22 12
400 j 'Ivarado 105] 3 42 I 4 i/ 2
Brametta 1031 5 6 1 ., 711*
433 Ha?.ir 108 7 6h 51
433 Daylight 108 4 7 h 8 6
Paros 108 9:9 9
474 La Viente. 103 8 84 | 6Ms I
6
8-5
4
6
6
6
10
50
8
■ 7
8-5
4
15
10
12
12
CO
10
Good start. Won easily. Winner, T. Ezell's en. g., by imp. Kossington-Unne. Time 1 . V>'-> At
it IT minifies.
•*al J. THl !'. n RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; pvniilties- allowances
«-»-Ltr. purse 8400.
Index.' Horse, age, weight. '■
St. \'a I Vi % j Str. I Fin. :
5 6 4h 2 b 11 2 113
! 3 BVi 3 3 S1 3 3 2 2 4
! 4 22 2i, 42* . 5 31
a! 41 ! 5 5 4Wj43
I 1 I 1 2V 2 13 11U ■>! 5
Jockeys I Bettln«:
jockeys. o- , ( 
Chorn j 3 7-2
Dmnrett 3-5 3-5
T. Sloan I 10 30
Garner 4 4
Pryce 100 200
504 WheelofForfne4.lo4 5
473 iKd Kearney, 5....1 3.
(451)iHoma, 4 109 4
421 .'Tenacity. 9 99 2
457 All BaDn, 5 11l 1
start.
Won easily. Winner, Joe Harvey's eh. f., by ttano-Jennie B. Time, 1 :llVa.
I r FOURTH KA.K— One and a quarter miles, over five hurdles: handicap; purse ?400.
Index. ! Horse, ace, weight. St.
Std. 14 i/ 3
Str.
I Fin. I
I Be
(.p.
491 Burmah. 4 125 1 3 1 j3 J i 3li HU 22 , 13 J. Mara.. ' 5
509 The Lark, 5 187 6 1% 11 11 1a" 1 h 2 its Allmark.::::"::":: I 4
(491) Tom Clarke, 4.... 6 55 610 4h 41 48 •83 Henaessr ' 3
■191 jTeinplemore, a. ..130 2 21% 2., 23 2 3 33 48 Konuev ' ' 4
427 jEsporance. 5 126 3 4 1 43 520 550 650 650 J. Owens. 10
438 (Bedford, .'• 125 4 6 i 64 66 610 610 6 lOMcCiillouch. . 3
•Vsi? Capt Spencer, «... 126 8:7 7 I 7 7 17 7 Bolan .... "'.'.'.. 10
13b2 Helampng-, 5 ISSt 7 * 1.. j ICairns ..'::.. :..::: | 6
4
a
8
8
-8
60
12
Good star:. Won driving. Winner, W. OB. Maedonough's b. c., by Bersau-Falr Lady. Time 2 18^
4 Fell at -first jump. ' '
'")! () 11FTH KA CE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
Index.
Bdex j Horse, age, weight. | St. ! Std. I 14 Vi !J4 Str. ; Fin. ' Jockeys. L^ ett
400iPepper,4 109 2 11 314 41 2U In 1 1 W. Martin. .'6-5
485 •;. B. Morris. 4 103 1 51 717 6 14224 Bergen 6
(40S) j Minnie fee. a 93 4 2h 2% 3h 31 3 i-i 30 Garner. 10
267 Leonvllle. 5... .95 8 8 8 8 61 3 52 41, Hewitt .'..'.'. 60
502 Little Cripple, 5 103 6 6U 5h 5h 72 62 54" Chorn. 2
42ft Foremost, 4 94 5 71 6% 6n 8 |8 6 R. Isorn'!.""". 8
445 Corli 4 92 3 S3 11 11, lh 21 • C. Slaucnter 7
462 Belle of rstonewall. 4. 88 ■7, 4 y. 4 h ,2h i4h i 72 • Mclntvre 60
Horse, age, weight.
ting.
Cl.
6-5
12
20
60
2
12
6
ICO
Gcxxi start. Won cleverly. Winner, P. Dunne's br. c, by Illndoo-Francesca. Time 1-49
•Fell three-sixteenths from home.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Ingleside Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given. "• ua« H i
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H.. heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; non-winners since Octol>er 1, 1895. ~ "
Index.
Name.
I ; Best :
I Lbs record. Dlst.
1
Lbs Tk.l
505 loco Blckonson.jlOs! P. Bod wen Glen Dudlpv-Jrck Miner Mr
*82 jAddieM 9611:01% 5 f 9i F... Williams* Morchse Ert"an-fcw^Pats^D^r
J2t IdaSauer Otiino rec Aberdeen stable.... Joe Hooker-Addle O'lVeil
500 Imp. Autonomy 105 C. Burlin ame Senator staim.rd-Fiama
165 Valparaiso 102 no rec Rev Alfonso stableJlmn (-hevio t-Varon^
605 Idle Belle 100 no rec C Vanina WlldidlPr-hv "vorfolk
SH KSt'y:::- ISi :::::::: :::::::: s \Mi%.^V^iH fe!SSS5SSS*r
365 Mustesa 100;i:10 &Vij 108 H..SD. K. Dicker... i^Xlor-bvren Wade
Ashland Ellipse 9S| '. 1....1 F. Eppersoa. !joe Hooker-Lulu It£cs
413 Modesto 102;i:U »6 f 101 Fa. lWoodluwn stable : "" HjVi vn-Vi^lla gg
499 Minnie 1 100 , ■ .... (William Sinßlotoiillle^nUby ciribSo
506 Cynioor 105 no Bey Alfonso stable Cvclone-lmn Partisan
487 j Kathleen 100 1:021-, 6 f 106 F... J. J. Case \ \ Little All"Vnknowu
SECOND KATK— six furlongs: seuing: three-.vear-olds.
Index.'
Name.
1 I Best ;
j Lbs! record.
! Dlst. ;
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
I
Ppcilsree.
453 Phyllis... 97 1:03 91 101 P...
M'J Pique ! 97 no rec
494 Heartsease i 97il:J4^i Bf 101 F...
474 Caliente 10'.'il:O9 t^i, t 12»!P ..
442 Free Will 97 i 1:02 6f 109F ..
475 Viririe A 1 100 1:013,4 Sf i 94 F...
494 iLizrle H 9 1:15 .11 1 84 Fa.:
491 i Key do Eandida 107*1:02 5 1 104 F...
508 'Joe X ... ',(••_' 1:13i,V6 f 105 X..
885 j Char, ie 800t5... 102 1:01 5 f 104 F...
447 v. a i er J 110 :56Vij4i.£t 105 : F..
801 I Ida >!„ I 97 .(...: . j....
J. Garrett.. Imp. Trade Wfnd-Daisv S
T",?- T ? prec !i els ••■• FJarab.>au-lmp. Petroletlse
i - . t^i Tumphrej '---- Im P- K - vrle I>aly-i:sract
KlPnmerostaDle.. 11 ; :io Key-HettieHmphry
K. Huehes Brown Fox-Trade Wind "
JV^'Ti' ■■■•■• 'P. True Hri-on-BiK Bertha
i). *■ itonlg. John I enry-Minnie Pavne
Lone stable Ip.Troe Brison-1- ma Collier
M. Kerr jj m Browa-1 roxiniate
Legg * Taylor Alto Jlio-Constellailon
■ •■'••rnif.-.t Imp. True Brlton-LiUle S
B. Schrelbtr Ben Alt-Hi<Ul a
THIRD RACK— One mile: telling.
Index.
I Best . I 1^ ~ ~~^ — ~
nde.x. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lb»|Tk.| Owner. j Pedlgee.
,111 atfcVri lnii4«SiuST3 Jot 5- S^HS o**"**"0 **"**" Brutus-Leda ~
- ' ■■ ' • '- 1 108'j 51'j I 91 1-... r. lox ]„,„ Trade Wi- ri-MUH»rn«
«'rv,n ,93 l:4ltt lm 101 F... WhUeACuike moChcMi ,*nl
Na rue.
FOURTH R.\
furlongs; purse.
Index. ;
— — __ .
ndex. : Name. : Lbs record . D;.^:. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
Name.
Pedlßree.
FIFTH KACK-Six furlongs: selling.
Index. I
Name.
I I Best ;
Lbs record.' Dlst. Lhs Tk.
Pedigree.
- 607 (Monterey wflilS^ » 6 f" 10a f... Kikt.. a9 ,kbi-::::- Ijiuffi^fm KlVen n
n| gSSS:::::::::: i& -iviiv, .-«• da: S?Wfc.^k«SsSSs&Sss
(419) FMlsa 1011:20 Bl 101 H.. a. Berry. ..". . r : eof Lake
\ i'rf it ace— Five furlongs; sflilng. ~~- \ ~ : — : "
j " " j "| BesT j i j " ' 1
Index. - Name. {Lbs; record. Dist. JLbs|Tk.j Owner. j - Pedigree. :
iig u ~ It ;&« uha st SIS^ 7^ i™^^?™^ 7 -
.100 1.14 b( . 9o X... Kn,:,,os-.ab!c Inm. Brinus-Viola R*a
At^ PM-t-.nitt Imt* (•••••••••ji • -risiicr. i\v li.t *rs-lua U JNeJ
sol ! M^on Vuflu. m* • m ok ?, lamliesfe rm!lmp.Mtdio;hian-Lia!eFlush
Index. ;
Name.
I
Owner.
Pedteree.
eliminating all of these unpleasant features
from the sport. The lest rate was marred
by an accident, but the luckless rider fort
, unately escaped with slight injury.
A feature of the day's sport was the
j starting. Mr. CaldweH" was seen at his
I very best, and sent his lielcla away isi
grand style, calling forth praise from all
I sides.
Tbe card looked an easy one to pick —
oh, so easy— nothing but favorites. As the
I day wore on though how hard it got. The
! opening race developed a startling sur
prise, .1. G. Brown & Co.'s Wyoming
sauntering in wit a 100 to 1 about him in
the opening betting. With four favorites
i beaten and the talent in despair Pepper
! turned the tide of ili luck by taking the
last event of the day backed down from 2
to 1 to evens.
Eleven maiden three-year-olds furnished
some rare • uessi.ig in the opening event—
a Biz-furlong open. Clara Wilson opened
a -', to 1 f;.vuritp, with Big C ief a strong
I second choice. As post timedrow nigh a
stiff play cut the odds against Mr. Keel
I from sixes to 11 to ft, giving him the call
: in the betting. As the race turned out he
i proved a small factor.
Clara Wilson was the first to show after
, the flag fell, followed by Wyoming, who
j passed Red Pike, taking second plac .
i This order was unchanged into the stretch,
j but as tlie wire drew near, the outsider
I took the lead and won easily by a length.
j Pique, poorly ridden by Isoin, finished
third. The winner was backed down from
; 100 to 20 and 30 to 1.
The Corrfgan entry, Kowalsky, was an
8 to 5 choice for the'foilowing event, over
j seven furlongs, with nine starters. Per
haps and Unity were the ones principally
backed of the outsiders. P.riiaps cut out
■ the running, leading into the stretch, with
the favorite a close second. Cochran on
I'iiitv here let out a link and romped in
the easiest of winners, with the favorite in
serond position.
Pittsburg Phil thought his horse Ed
Kearney a "cinch" for the mile dash, and
the crowd followed him. Sam Doggett
had the mount and 3 to 5 was eagerly ac
cepted, lie proved the bitterest kind of a
disappointment. Apparently unable to
head AH Baba, who cut out the pace to
thn stretch, he finished a sorry second to
Wheel of Fortune, who won in a romp.
The winner went to the post IS to 5.
The mile and a quarter handicap hurdle
race was a splendid contest. Eight crack
jumpers sported silk. So evenly' had the
weights been adjusted that there wa •> no
prohouncevl choice, both Tempiemore ami
Tom Clarice going to the post at threes,
with The Lurk third in demand. Esper
ance. Bedford and Burmah were backed at
longer oods. The Lark was in front with
Tempiemore a close second until Hearing
the fifth jump, when Mara on Burmah
beaded the bunch and won somewhat
handily from The Lark, who lasted long
enough to nose oiu Clarke for the piace.
As good us 12 to 1 was atone time obtained
against the winner.
The mil^ and a sixteenth selling affair,
that wound up ti.e day's sport, was another
pretty contest. Ransom and Remus were
scratched, leaving eight to face the issue.
Pepper opened a G to 5 choice, but the coin
was not forthcoming, and he receded to 2
to 1. Then a heavy plunger forced his
odds down to even money. Little Cripple
was well supported at twos, with Collins a
fairly well played third choice. Littie
Slaughter took the lead with Collins after
passing the stand, retaining it until the
stretch was reached, when the favorite was
slightly in front. When straightened
away Collins was either bumped or stum
bled, and fell, bringing Belle of Stonewall,
who was close up, down with him. Pepper
then had clear sailing, and in a mild drive
won by a length frbm G. B. Morris in 1:49
flat. Minnie Ccc finished in the show.
Track and Paddock Items.
"Wrestling matches have occurred with
the contestants astride a horse, but a
pugilistic seance with the gladiators
mounted on fiery equine steeds is indeed
a novelty. Jockeys Garner and Macklin
indulged in a passage at arms daring the
finish of i he second race, with the result
that the judges suspended Macklin, who
was the aggressor, indefinitely.
Charmer, a bay mare, 5, by Wildidle-
Turban, died at Ingleside track last week
of catarrhal fever.
Wheels n owadays are considered a mis
fortune. .But Joe Harvey, the man whose
wheel has brought him a fortune, won a
Very tidy sum over the victory of his racy
looking mare, Wheel of Fortune.
The well-known horseman, Frank Phil
lips, had a $10 bet straight and place on
Wyoming at odds of 50 a id 20 to 1.
Bookmaker Hugh Jones, who had been
reading up the changes of the moon in an
old almanac, also "backed Wyoming in
several books.
"Jimmy" Coffey, the jockey, has pur
chased oi Mr. Hamilton the bay horse Zo
bair, 5, by St. Saviour-Night-hawk. Th?
reported price paid is $7'X>.
Kelamp go made a pirouette leap over
the lirst jump in the hurdle race, and
Cairns went sprawling on the ground. lie
escaped injury.
When the odds against Pepper reached
the top notch, 2to If Charley Hughes of
fered to bet Leo Mayer $1000. and then
the rubbing began. It did not stop unCil
even money was the prevailing price.
Rile; Grannan was shuttling a tall stack
of twenties previous to the second race.
The Btack was somewhat diminished after
Perhaps had finished third.
Pirtsbure Phii bet over $2000 on his horse,
Ed Kearney, and sighed Decause there
were not more bookmakers in the ring that
he might bet more.
Neil and Coney as usual had a good big
net down on Perhaps. The game little
brown gelding was outfoote<i through the
Stretch, finishing third. As Al Coney
gazed wistfully at a number of tickets he
held, and thought what m ght have been,
he remarked to a friend, "Well, pally,
tnere's nothin' duin'."
The wind will not cut up didos with the
scales at Inglesideand weigh one boy light
and another heavy. A.« a precaution, a
glass case has been placed over the balance
adjuster, with a lock attachment, the key
to which is held by the clerk of the -cale/.
George Cochran has the erratic Duke ol
Milpitas ia training at the ocean beach,
and trill shortly start him over the jumps.
The Duke goes along very peaceably
hitched to a cart.
George Van Gorden's mare Playful has
been tired.
Walt Vivell has a two-year-old out at
his ocean-beach headquarters by imr>.
Idalitim, dam Annie Lewis, that is said
to outlook any youngster in this region.
The Australian horse is certain to prove a
great sire.
The following firms were laying odds in
the ring yesterday : Kingsley '& Co., George
Rose. LcKert tfc Co. , Hughes A: Co., Davis
A: Shepherd, Stuyvesant Cluo, St. Nicholas
Club, Doyle <fc Co., Pacific Club, Oscar
Baehruan, J. C. Humphrey, H. L. Jones <5c
To., J. P. Atkin, C. W. Emerson, River
side Club and Wallace & Co. Leo Mayer
cut in under the name of the Riverside
Club. Two rieid books attended to tlie
wants of the smaller betters.
Little Slaughter, Barney Schreiber's
lightweight, who rode Collins, luckily
escaped from his bad fall with nothing,
more than a broken collarbone. The in
jured nuer claims that Martin, on Pepper,
intentionally fouled him, knocking his
horse off his stride and causing the acci
dent. The matter lias been hud belore
the judges and will receive a thorough
sifting. Mclntyre, who had the mount
on Belle of Stcmewell escaped without in
jury.
BETTER STREET LIGHTS.
The Merchants' Association Estimate
the Cost of Electric Lamps for
Downtown Thoroughfares.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
board of directors of the Merchants' Asso
ciation last evening trie question of street
sprinkling was again brought up. The
association will request of the Supervisors
that the experiment be made of sprinkling
the business thoroughfares. : The associa
tion offers to make this experiment with
out charge to the City.
A communication was read from the
River Improvement Association, and was
referred to the committee on publicity
and promotion, which will represent the
association in a joint meeting with the
other body to be held in the Chamber of
Commerce on January 15. H. D. Keil was
appointed chairman of the committee.
A communication also was read from
the Van Ness-avenue Improvement Club,
requesting co-operation for the widening
of Lombard street into a boulevard.
The matter was referred to the commit
tee on public affair*, under the chairman
ship sf A. EL Baldwin. The committee
was instructed to co-operate in the fur
therance of the undertaking with the San
Francisco Driving Association.
A resolution was adopted petitioning the
Board of Heaith to retain Superintendent
Weaver in hia office.
Th«« committee of public affairs will
submit for the consideration of the Suner
visors a plan for the improvement of street
lighting.
Estimates are prepared for the lighting
by electricity instead of by gas of Market
street, from the ferries to Seventh street,
of Stockton to Bosh, Grant avenue to
Bush, Kearny to California and Montgom
ery to California.
It is , proposed to substitute forty-eight
electric lamps en Market street and" seven
teen on the other streets, the cost of which
at the current rates for electric lighting
Will be $20 per night in excess of
the cost of cas. Trie board of direc
tors will represent to the Supervisors
that the streets are not weli lighted
and that some action should be
taken for improvement in | thi* matter as
soon as the present contract with the «ms
companies expires. This will be in seven
months.
The following new members were el
Payot, Upbam & Co., Bean Bteil, Cook's
Uecoraimg Company, G. N. Kno
A £10 Blaze.
An alarm was turned In through box 175
yesterday afternoon fit 2:15 o'clock fora fire
in an unoccupied frame dwelling-honse at
1013 Hayes street. The careless handling of
snaxenes by. children started me blaze. The
damage to the building will amount 10 about
$10. ■■■ ■ - ■ r'\"-> i :.' ":;':■■■■-
THE POOLROOMS BEATEN
Ed Corrigan's Move More Success
ful Than All the Machinery
of the Courts.
DOOM OF THE BUCKET-SHOPS.
: The Ingleside Track Managers Lease
the Only Wire and Thus Prevent
* the Results Being Known.
The downtown poolrooms were Jopen
yesterday, but they did no business. The
action taken by Director Corrigan of the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club has done more
than the police and the courts have during
the past six weeks in trying to break up
those objectionable institutions.
It is an earnest fad with Mr. Corrigan to
prevent be nine on "foreign" books. He has
always advocated that no man could pos
sibly be given a fair chance for his money
if he wagered it at any place but the one
where the race took place. He is not
radical in this idea, but he explains while
a man may get "a square deal" upon
some races, many of the races are finished
many minutes and the results known
miles away from the track by the "for
eign" pool-sellers before the bets are
placed, and these "foreign" pool-sellers or
fcooKrnakers who already know the result
then accept or refuse money offered them
as wagers, according to whether the Lettur
is placing his money right or wrong.
This is calculated to injure raeintr, and
it is the aim of the Pacific Jockey Club
to elevate the sport— make it what it
should be, a clean and exciting amusement
for the public, not a means for irresponsi
ble agents to fleece the public.
When the Pacitic Coast Jockey Club
gave its inaugural meeting about a month
ago, it refused to allow a score or more of
gamblers to open books at tne track. They
wi re an undesirable element and were
calculated to bring racing to the level oi a
purely gambling Monaco. These men
opened rooms downtown and asked that
they be allowed to have a wire from the
track to their downtown rooms. The
association refused the Dermission, and
for a time the gamblers were in a quandary
as to how they would gei returns to be
announced in their rooms. They found a
way. The Western Union had a wire from
the track for ordinary news purposes, to
give Eastern and local newspapers neces
sary information.
It wns not a private wire, hence any
body at the track was enabled to send any
message presented. Therefore, while the
association frowned upon private wires
direct to poolrooms, the proprietors of the
latter institutions could dicker with the
telegraph company to rewire to tlem from
their downtown office an}* messace sent
from the track.
This was kept quite secret for a time,
and to throw a veil of mystery over the
proceedings, the pool men claimed that
the news of the races was first wired from
the track to Stockton, and from there sent
here. Of course, this was untrue.
The Jockey Club has haa a counle of
weeks to think (he mutter over, and they
hit uuon the right method to do away
with tt;e poolrooms. They simply leased
the only line from the track, and the
Western Union is no longer in a position
to accommodate their erstwhile poolroom
customers.
The result of this new move was ap
parent yesterday. The Toolrooms on Kills
street and in 'Tauper" alley were unable
to do business. They we're left in the
dam as to the odds which were being laid
at the track, but they made odds of their
own on all the horses, including those
that were scratched at the track. This
caused contusion. Worse than that, the
winner of the first race was not known
downtown until after the third race was
run.
To fully understand what a hardship
this is to the poolmen, it must be ex
plained that the men who invest th?ir
halves and dollars in the downtown
houses have but little wealtn, and they
d'.-pend largely on their chance of win
ning in the lirst investment, so as to place
their capital in subsequent races. Re
ceiving no returns, then, from the first
race, until the last one is run cripples
them financially and causes them to wait
penniless and inactive during most of tne
day, when they were wont to do business.
To give a veneer of legitimacy to their
business the poolmen yesterday staled and
stamped upon the tickets they sold that:
"Commissions are placed in San Jose.'
This is as big a fraud as the former claim
that the money was placed in Stockton.
But they had to make some effort to pro
tect themselves in the claim that they are
doing a commission business, and that all
moneys placed with them are laid at the
track or in some city where bettinc on
horseraces is net prohibited.
Jerry Driscoll, tne poolseller, was yester
day convicted by Judge Joachimsen of
violating the pool ordinance, and was sen
tenced to pay a fine of £200 or bo impris
oned in the County Jail for ISO days. The
defendant's attorney gave notice of ap
peal and paid into court $300 as bail
money.
A jury had been summoned for 2 o'clock
to try the case of Gilbert Blodes, proprie
tor of the poolrooms frequented by women,
but as Blodes signified his intention oi
waiving a jury, the venire was dbcharged
and the case set for trial to-morrow.
CLARKE TESTIFIES.
The Wounded Cashier Tellg Hig Story
of the Ingleside Rob
bi>ry.
Reuben Clarke, cashier of the bar at the
Ingleside track, who was robbed of the
Christmas day receipts, gave his testimony
last night before Judge Low. It will be
remembered that the witness was shot in
his left foot before he let go of the pouch
containing the money, and since then he
has been at a . private hospital on Eddy
street under treatment for his injuries.
Clarke said that the car upon which he
was returning to town was stopped by ■
tall man, whose face was covered with a
mask. In answer to a question by Prose
cuting Attorney Mogan Mr. Clarke gave
a description which seemed to (ally with
the general appearance of the defendant,
Gardner. He s-aM there were other men
in the background, but he could not de
scribe them.
He also identified the leathern raoney
poucti found near me Olympic Balt-water
Pumping Company's pier as the one
which was taken from his custody.
Upon bein,: cross-examined by Messrs
Tobm and Ashe Mr. Clark* said he thought
the man wh > stopped the car was about
tyro inches shorter than Detective Gibson.
Since Gardner is a hail inch taller than
the detective the defense hopes to clear
him on this statement.
London ha& I^o miles of streets. Paris
N£W TO-DiY-AMUiEMENTs.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Three >i|;hts Beginning January 20,
THE FAVORITE ACTRESS,
— — M AKIK WAI.WVKIGHT
In a magnificent production of the late-it success
DAUGiJTEKS i?P KVE.
MISS WAI.NWRIGHT will also present her
t-nttre repertoire. --
lefa^" 9 * c^ alC ° £ seatS "* boxes bestm January
M J ? STRKI!s. **-"*** * imoua SCHILLING
COMIINy d etc! epertOlre KENTUCKY - LOUIS
fkl •" »" ;
\ It is the waste that you must stop. When ron
; !ind your nerves becoming weaker and weaker
] day by day, when you find yourjarriiig nervet
! do not respond to the exigencies of time of
i Dlace, it is then time for you to use a remedy
' that will make you a really strong man. Had-
I yan will do it. Use the great Hudyan for Con-
i itipation. Nervous disorders, Liver and Kidney
i troubles, and have yourself restored.-
-! Send for FREE Circulars • and
Testimonials.
I HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
» i
I TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due
| to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
' lore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,'
I pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
' Old sores and falling hair. You can sara a trip
: to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
| the old physicians of the ...v, '
i HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market end Ellis Sts.
LIVER- your liver is affected jom
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
! discontented. You will notice many symptoms
| that you really have and many that you realty
1 rlo not have. You need a good liver regulator,
' and this you should take at once. You can ?et
; it from us. Write for book, on liver troubles.
I "All About the Liver," sent free. •.;..;..;.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
i lives'— up their kidneys. If you wish to
I have your kidneys put in good order send for
! our Kidney Regulator, or - better, learn some-
! thing about your kidneys and how to make tna
i test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,**
cent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
IJITeod \
| { That's what GhlraricllTs f
] f Cocoa is. It gives to dyspeptics $
I f the greatest amount of nour- f
| i ishment with least possible A
\ A work for the digestive organs, x
! v It is to the well a preventative ',
j f of an overtaxed stomach -de- f
If creasing the need for quantities $
Sof solid foods. «/• <* Jk «.•< Jt Jt, Jt A
The BEST Cocoa must be 4
• a FRESH. Age, exposure, etc. x
; ~ causes loss of strength and \
' nourishing qualities. Ghirar- r
f delli's is made HERE— comes $
4 to you almost direct; *•* is i
( FRESHEST, STRONGEST. a
Y3O cups for 25cts.jt^^^tjtjt \
; j Ask fotJt&JL&JLjIt&JLjtJI '
I Ghirardelli's & \
j^OCQ I
of all Gough Medicines
j is Dr. Acker's English Rem-
| edy. It will stop a cough in
j one night, check a cold in
j one day, prevent croup, re-
; lieve asthma, and cure con-
| sumption, if taken in time.
It is made on honor, from the
I purest ingredients and con-
i tains neither opium nor mor-
| phine. If the little ones have
croup or whooping cough,
\ use it promptly. *♦♦♦♦♦
Three Sizes— 2sc, 50c. and $1 per bottle.
At Druggists.
ACKER MEDICINE CO.,
_«» and iS Chambers Street, New York.
n&uTCI Wits
... 42T4RNYS\
TSTHEVKr.VHKSTUXETniUMIVWnnn
with icstrumeau or faj s w a^ taveaUol
tnperiority has co: been equai«L
Uen due to the merits of my work SBC C«M &M
Office Hours— !-• 10 4p. m. '<■><'
Weak Men and.Women
CIiOVLI" V>E DAMIAXA BITTFRS fh -
£>U-ensUi to tlis Seinal Orjaris. -"e&ltJi aaiCHAMPIONS THE CANAL
Senator Perkins Fighting in
Congress tor the Nicara
guan Waterway.
EFFECT OF MONROE DOCTRINE
A New Character Given the Great
International Canal— Text of
the Perkins Bill.
Th» Venezuelan question, which brought
the Monroe doctrine so prominently before
the world, baa aroused a new interest in
the Kicaragufi canal, and. in fact, given
the canal a new and interesting character.
At the same time the bill introduced by
tor I'erkins, calling for construction
■■ great waterway and providing for
financial questions involved in the scheme,
h.\s added still more to direct attention to
the canal.
Captain William L. Merry, the Nicara
cnan Consul, stated yesterday that many
Senators and Congressmen had announced
they would push Senator Perkins' bill and
make a vigorous fight for the adoption of
the measure.
•There has sprung up a strong feeling,"
said Captain Merry, "that the canal should
be built without delay. The Monioe doc
trine has brought it to the front. About
all that keeps buck debate on Fenator
Perkins' bill is the report of the Nicaragua
Canal Commission, submitted to President
November. But that is
looked for every day now, ami, just as
booh a^ it :s Laid" before Congress, then the
Perkins bill will be taken up. I ani in
formed that the commission recommends
the ai ■ 000 and eighteen
months' time for a survey. Tne route has
been surveyed eleven time? already, and
Professor Davidson tells me that the sur
vey could be finished in seven or eight
month-,. It looks as if U. P. Iluntington
wa< in it, sparring for delay, and that
Hnntiagton is tig 'ting the canal with all
his force and skill."
It is understood that the Chamber of
raerce of this City will, at its
meeting on the 14th inst., adopt a peti
tion urging Congress to prompt action on
the Nicaragua canal question, And setting
forth that the abandonment of the project
to a foreign power would be an absolute
violation of the Monroe doctrine.
Senator Perkins" bill is an amendment
to the bill introduced by Senator Barliam
and entitle. i "A bill to amend an act en
tilled 'An act to incorporate the Maritime
Canal Company of Nicaragua.' " It begins
as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of Amer
ica in Congress assembled that the capital
stock ol the Maritime Canal Company of Nic
aragua shall consist of 1,000,000 shares of
§150 each, and no more.
Bee 2. That the. words "the Nicaragua
canal," whenever used in this act or the act to
which this la an amendment, shall be held to
include all real and personal property and
franchises, railroads, piers, channels, dams,
locks, embankments and other works neces
sary for or incidental to the construction,
equipment, maintenance and operation of the
said intercceanic car.el, or that may be made
by the Maritime Canal Company of Nicaragua
or under its authority by virtue of the said act,
and the concessions granted or to be granted
by Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
Sec 3. That if the Maritime Canal Com
pany of Nicaragua shall, within nine months
from the passage of vis act, show to the satis
faction of the Secretary of the Treasury that
all the stock of the Maritime Canal Company
of Nicaragua heretofore subscribed for or is
sued, except that heretofore issued to the States
of Nicaragua and Costa Kica, has been called
in, returned 10 and canceled by the treasurer
of the company, bo that none shall remain out
standing; and that ell bonds issued by said
company and obligations to deliver bonds,
have been redeemed and canceled; and all
liabilities of the said company have been satis
fied; and all contracts and agreements hereto
fore made, including all contracts with the
Nicaragua Canal Construction Company, nave
been canceled; and before any bonds are de
livered or any money appropriated by this act
is paid: and after the surrender and return to
the treasurer of the company of all stock that
may have been Issued; and after the surrender
and cancellation cf all bonds, bond scrip and
obligations to issue bonds, the satisfaction of
all debts and liabilities of said company, and
trie cancellation and extinguishment of all
contracts and agreements of said company
with individuals or corporations, except the
concessions from Nicaragua and Costa Rica,
but including its contracts or agreements with
the Nicaragua Canal Construction Company
for the construction of said canal, as is pro
vided for in this act; and after the acceptance
of the provisions of this act by a resolution
of the stockholders of said company at a meet
ing duly called and held for this purpose, a
distribution and disposition of the capital
stock of the said Maritime Canal Company of
Nicaragua shall be made by the officers of the
company as follows, to-wit:
First— Nine hundred and nineteen thousand,
five hundred shares of the capital stock of said
company at the par value thereof shall be
issued to the United States in absolute owner
ship in consideration lor its aid in construc
tion of said canal as provided in this act, and
the said stock, so to be issued, shall be full
»aid and non-assessable, and shall be deposited
in the treasury of the United States.
Second— That 60,000 shares of the said capi
tal stock at the par value thereof shall be issued
to the Government of the republic of Nica
ragua, and 10.500 shares of the said stock at
the par value thereof shall be issued to the
Government of Costa Rica, according to the
terms of their respective concessions thereto
fore made.
That to enable the Maritime Canal Company
to take up, cancel and extinguish all issues of
its stock heretofore made, except those made
to the Governments of Nicaragua and Costa
Rica, and all outstanding obligations for
stock, bonds or bond scrip heretofore entered
into by said company, the stock of
said company, with the approval of |the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall be issued to
mch person or persons as may be designated
by the stockholder* of said company, not to ex
ceed Ip the aggregate 10,000 shares of the
capital stock thereof, which stock shall be non
assessable. The amount of the stock so to be
issued ab all be finally determined by the Sec
retary of the Treasury, on principles of justice
and equity, but shall not exceed 10,000 shares.
Section 4 provides that upon the issuance
and delivery of the stock the places of
directors except such as represent Xi »m
--guaand Costa Rica shall become vacant;
that there shall be eleven directors, one
each api ointe I by Nicaragua, Costa Uica
and the stockholders, and eigiu by the
President of the United States, who shall
be American cit zen . No United State*
director'" shall own or control any stock or
pecuniary imprest in the company or be
in any way interested in contract-' of the
company. ' Not more than four directors
can oe appointed from one political party.
Section 5 provides that at their first
niet-t;np the American directors shall di
vide themselves by lots into three classes,
to hoid office for two, four ann six years
respectively) and until their successors are
appointed and qualiiied. Six directors
Ehtiii constitute a quorum.
Section ti provides that their compensa
tion snalf be $. r -000 a year, except the presi
dent, whose salary snail be §0000; ami that
ail I lioir actual traveling expenses are to
belaid. The rectors shall lix the sal
afees and compensation of all their em
pioye.% enta and managers, including
engineers not detailed for duty by the Sec
retary of War.
Every American director shall visit the
canal and make a personal investigation
of the works at least once a year and re
port j'tarly to the President of the United
Slates in detail on the progress of the
work, together with their recommenda
tions. A copy of report shall be laid
b fore Coii^reas in the President's mes-
Ba|<e.
In section 7 the United States reserves
the right to purchase the stock, other than
that issued to Nicaragua and Costa Rica,
but in no event above par.
Section 8 provides (or the appropriation
by Congress of money not to • exceed
$4,500,000 for the liquidation of expendi
ture's made by the company since June 3,
1889, in and about the construction of the
canal or incident thereto, including rail
road and telegraph, lines built by the com- 1
pany. The*e ext enditures must be ap- ;
proved by the Secretary of the Treasury.
To «v ure the means to construct the I
canal section 9 authoriz s the Secretary of !
the Treasury to issue bonds of trie United j
States in donomiiv tion of not less than i
$50, nor more than $1000, to an amount not •
exceeding $150,000 000, or so much thereof]
as may be necessary, to be payable Juiv 1,
1926, but redeemable at the pleasure of "the
United States, with interest at S per
centum.
Tiu> Secretary of the Treasury is also
authorized io pay the principal or interest
on the b«>nd> as it becomes due should it
not be paid by the company, and the sum
for that purpose is provided for. The
company shall repay to Uie United States
the money appropriated by this act and
pay the principal and interest on the
bonds as the same become due into the
United • States treasury. None of these
bonds shall be delivered to the canal com
pany until the company shail have per
formed all the conditions ami tilings re
quired to be done by it. The bonds shall
be used by the company only for the pur
poses provided for in "this act, and shall
not be sold for les« than par value.
Section 10 deals with the methods of
construction, and sets forth that three
engineers—one from the army, one from
the navy and another from civil life—
shall have- charge ol the work in all its de
partments. No contract for construction
shall be let to any company, association
or corporation in which any stockholder
or director of the canal company is a
member or stockholder, or in which he is
in anywise interested. The board of di
rectors must tile a quarterly report of
work done and expenses incurred with the
MAYOR SLTRO OF SAN FRANCISt O AND MAYOR DAVIE OF OAKLAND COMPARING N VTES.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artUL]
Secretary of the Treasury, and on his
examination and approval of these state
ments he shall issue bonds, as provided in
section 9 of this act.
Regarding the issuance of bonds or
mortgages by the company, section 12
makes this explicit statement:
That the said Maritime Canal Company shall !
not issue bonds or mortagos, and shall uot in- I
dorse or guarantee the paper, contract or obli
gation of any v>erson, persons or corporation
whatsoever; arid no contract shall be entered
Into or purchase made by said company, except
for purposes provided for in this act.
Section 13 provides that all sums ex
pended in the purchase of material and
supplies for the canal shall be confined to
the United States, except for such material
as may be prown or produced in Nicar
agua or Costa Rica; and no Asiatic labor
shall be used or employed in the work.
According to fection 14 no dividends
shall be declared by the company, except
from net earnings of the canal, out of
which one-half shall be paid to the United
States until the United States bonds appro
priated under this act shall have been re
paid with interest. Thereafter the net
proceeds shall be divMed among stock
holders of the company.
Congress reserves the power to alter,
amend or repeal tbe act at all times; and
should the canal company fail to comply
with the requirements of section 3 the act
shall become null and void.
MINISTER CASTLE HERE.
He Favors Annexation of Hawaii,
Either as a State or Ter
ritory.
Belief Expressed That the Island People
Would Vote for It — A Question
of Population.
W. R. Castle, Minister from Hawaii to
the United States, arrived here from Wash
ington, D. C, yesterday, on his way to
Honolulu, and will sail to-day.
Minister Caatle is in favor of the joint
resolution introduced by Spaulding of j
Michigan for the annexation of Hawaii,
but lie pays the dispatch as transmitted
concerning the resolution is a little obscure.
It implies that the resolution is for an- j
nexation as a State; but he says that, as [
he understands it, Hawaii has not popula- !
tion enough for this. It has but 100,000
people, while 173,000 is required by the :
laws of the United Mates.
"However, if it can be fixed up so that j
we can be adrnitte i as a State, so much the ;
better." said Mr. Castle. "Tie people
would he sativlied to c me in either as a j
Smtc or a* a Territory. There is one thing, |
we have more population than they have j
in Nevada, where, all told, they have now j
but 40,000.
"The proposition to submit the matter j
to a vote in Hawaii would be generally
approved, and 1 am convinced that it •
would carry.
•Mr. Cleveland has treated me in the j
most courteous manner. I would not be i
at all surprised if he would favor annex- j
ation. It is worthy of note that in no
public message has he really opposed it.
"The cable project is coming along all
riant. I refer to the project of Mr. Spaul
ding of Honolulu. Congress is in favor of ,
it. The proposition is that capitalists I
shall build it and that Congress shall take
it at its actual cost. It will be built, I
think."
Minister Castle will leave on the steamer
AJameda.
A New French Court Interpreter.
The Mayor and Judges Slack and Campbell
met yesterday morning in the -Mayor's office to
appoint court interpreters for the enduing
year. It was decided to leave all the incum
bents in their places with tin: exception of
the French interpreter. The list now com
prises the following-named individuals: Inter
preter of Spanish, Andrew Glover; of Italian,
J. Cuneo; 01 German, M. Newman; of Chinese, I
Louis Locke, and of French, Edward I.larto£, '
vice M. Dubois, retired.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1596.
CRUSH THE FUNDING BILL
A Monster Convention Being
Organized to Oppose Its
Passage.
TWO MAYORS IN CONFERENCE.
Delegates Coming From All Towns
Having a Population of a
Thousand or More.
Another rod is in pickle for the funding
bill. Throughout the State the popular
voice has been raised more than once
against this 'monster of iniquity," as
Mayor Sutro scruples not to style it.
With the end of securing the co-operation
of his peers in other towns, and in order to
obtain from his near neighbors, the may
ors of Oakland, Sacramento and Stockton,
an expression of their views on the matter,
his Honor invited those officials to a con
ference with him in the City Hall. Mayor
Davie of Oakland was the only one who
responded in person at the appointed hour
yesterday morning. Mayor Boggs of
Stockton sent a telegram assuring Mr.
Sutro of his hearty co-operation in the
work of endeavoring to prevent the bill
from passing, and Mayor Hubbard of Sac
ramento also sent word to the same effect,
both Gentlemen permitting their names to
be used as Mr. Sutro might judge proper
and expedient in the matter.
\Vhile waiting for Mayor Davie to
make his appearance, Mr. Suto paced up
ana down his office at the City Hall, giv
ing his views quite freely and at some
length.
"Now's our time to fix the octopus," he
exclaimed enthusiastically. "If this bill
can only be prevented from passing both
houses the railway will be looking six ways
for Sunday. To be sure, all our efforts
may prove fruitless. Mr. Huntington has
a sack, and a pretty deep sack it is, too;
but I hope there are still some honest men
in the National Congress. These men
shall know what we think and what we de
mand in reference to this iniquitous bill,
even though the rause < f evil triumph.
"At all events," continued the Mayor,
"it is our duty to do our best. We will en
deavor to liave delegates from nil parts of
the State assembled in convention here in
San Francisco, and that convention will
j>a>s resolutions denouncing this swindling
bill as a delusion and a snare. We nvst
get one of the large-t halls in the City and
interest the people in this movement, so
that all may know and fight against the
terrible injustice which is in dancer of
bein-i done us. Every one this side of the
RocKy Mountains is vitally interested, and
we hone to see the octopus crushed and
annihi.ated before long. 1 '
To what higher flights the venerable
Mayor's eloquence might have soared can
not now be stated, as at this stage Mayor
Davie entered the room and the two city"
executives, after a cordial creeting, entered
upon their conference without delay.
"Now when," asked Mr. Sutro, ''do you
think this protesting convention should
take place?
"It ought to be soon," answered Mr Da
vie; "that is if we wish our woik to tell."
"I think next Wednesday would be a
pood date," suggested Mayor Sutro. "That
will give us tune to notify the mayors of
the various interior towns, and have them
send in their delegates."
"That will d>> excellently." assented
Mayor Dave, "but now, as to the n
of these delegates. Hmv many of them
are there to be? 1 should say two would
be enough for the Interior towns. fSan
Francisco and Oakland would, of course,
require a larger Dumber."
"In my opinion," icjoined Mayor Su
tro, "the number of delegates shoo
in proportion to the population of the
places which tiiey may represent. I think,
there should be one delegate to each 5000
of the population."
"But how about towns with less than
5000 inhabitants?" queried Mayor Davie.
"I suppose the best plan would be to
have one delocate from each town having
from 1000 to 5000 inhabitants. In the case
of lamer cities lei there be one add I
delegate for each 5000 of the population."
"That seems reasonable," remarked
Mayor Davie, "and in order to prevent
confu.sion we may as well limit the invita
tions to towns having not less than 1000
inhabitants."
"I agree to that," said Mayor Sutro.
The question as to the proner official to
address in case the town had no Mayor
was then discussed. Mayor Sutro said
that in such an event the invitation should
be sent to t;.e president of the Town Coun
cil oi tiie place, or if there should be no
Town Council then to ihe president of the
Board of Supervisors.
"I don't like Supervisors," remarked
Mayor Davie rather nervously. " I'm
a riii'i of them, in faat; but I suppose your
plan is the only fe.isTOle one."
The two Mayors then agreed upon an
invitation to be drawn up, signed by the
Mayors of San Franci co. Oakland, Sachi
niento and Stockton and addressed to the
Mayors, Presidents of Town Councils or
Presidents of Board of Supervisors, a* the
case might be, of all towns in the State
baring a population of over 1000. The»e
functionaries are 10 be delegates in tne
ratio before mentioned to the monster con
vention which is to open on Wednesday,
the loth inst., at 10 o'clock in the morii
ing, in pome h:;ll or other meeting-place to
be designated later. It will be stated in
the invitations that the object of the con
vention will be to secure an expres
sion of opinion in reference to the funding
bill from the best exponents of popular
thought in each section of the Slate.
Mayor Sutro is enthusiastic over the
project, and prophesies that the convention
will make things lively for the redoubtable
"octopus" which his Honor regards with
so little favor.
FOR HOMELESS CHILDREN
Annual Meeting of the Ladies' Protec
tion and Relief So
ciety.
The annual meeting of the Ladies' Pro
tection and Relief Society was held yester
day afternoon, Mrs. George Barstow, the
president, being in the c!mir. The report
of the recording Be retary, Miss Alice
Brown, showed that during the past yenr
the total number of children cared for in
the home had been 316, and that the pres
ent niimbei of children in the home is 220.
Ten children had been placed in families,
five of them being adopted. Some of the
older boys had positions found for them,
ana so far have given satisfaction.
Mrs. Hearst sent a check for $f>ooo, given
at the request of her husband, the late
Senator George Hearst, and the Hibernia
Bank donated fifty shares in the Valley
road. The report also acknowledged the
receipt of a number of minor contribu
tions. The satisfactory condition of the
schools and the flourishing internal condi-
tion of the home were also dwelt upon,
but the report added that some additions
lo the present building are needed.
The report of the treasurer, Miss A. W.
Beaver, showed the total receipts to have
been $32,091 ami the total disbursements
$28,345.
The following officers were elected:
President, Mis. George Bamow, 927. Pine
street; vice-president, Mrs.- S. \V. Dennis, Grand
and Santa Clara streets, Alarneda: recording
secretary, Miss Alice Brown, 1019 Bush street;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. P. B. Cornwall,
corner Buchanan and Pa«« streets; treasurer,
Miss A. W. Beaver, 1300 Taylor street; mana
gers for l^'.Hi— Mrs. L. S. Ad-ims, 825 Bush
street; Mrs. George -Barstow, 927. Pine street;
Miss a. \Y. Beaver, 1300 Taylor street; Mrs.
George W. Bowers, 2610 Jackson street; Miss
Alice Brown, 101!) Bush street; Mrs. Charles
Clayton, Hotel Pleasunlon : Mrs. K. P. Cole,
1120 OTarrell street; Mrs. P. B. Corn
wall, southeast corner, of Buchanan and
Page; street*; Mrs. S. VS. Dennis,
Grand and Santa- Clara street*, Alameda;
Mrs. J. H. Flint, 1070 Sixteenth street. Oak
land; Miss Teen Goodall, corner McAllister
and Pierce streets; Mr.->. Moses Hopkins, corner
Clay and Buchanan streets; Miss Kate F.
Hutchison, 1910 Howard street; Mrs. N. G.
Kiltie, corner Pacific avenue and Steiner
stieet; Miss Isabel Lowry. S4O Van Xess
avenue; Mrs. John Morton, 505 Taylor street;
Mrs. W. Mayo Kewhall, 120G Post street; Mrs.
Le Roy Nichol, Menlo Park; Mrs. K. B. Pond,
1019 California street; Mis. J. R. Sims, Hotel
Berkshire; Mrs. A. P. Talbot, corner California
and Pierce streets; Mrs. H. P. Wakele", 314
Ellis street; Mm. C. S. Wright, 1201 Jones
street. ,£;■- ,
Honorary manacer, Mrs. .1. Aigeltanger.
Trustees for 1800— Henry L. Dodge, Horace
Davi.s, J. h. Iluichinson, C. F. Crocker, J. B.
Crockett.
EZETA AS A FILIBUSTER
The Salvadoran General Is in
Command of an Invading
Expedition.
He Is Now Hovering Around the Port
of Costa Rica in the Tug
Golden Barclay.
General Antonio Ezeta, ex-Vice-Presi
dent of Salvador, who, dressed in a glitter
ing new uniform, sailed from this port on
September 18, oound for Acapulco with
the purpose of dethroning the present
Balvadorao oictator, Gutierrez, and over
toppling the nesv G-overnment in general,
has organized a filibustering expedition in
an endeavor to cany out his original in
tentions.
The expedition is aboard the tug Golden
Barclay, and is at present hovering around
the harbor of Costa Rica, but according to
a telegram received yesterday by Dr.
CakJeron, Salvadoran Minister in this City,
the self-styled liberator has not yet landed,
but in all probability fear on hit, part is all
that prevents him from so doing.
The telegram carrying the news of the
expedition to this City is as follows:
San Sai.vauok, Jan. 9.
Dr. Caldernn, Con mi I of Salvador: Antonio
Ezeta has arrived on a filibustering expedition
in the tug Golden Barclay, but be did not dare
to lnnd. He proceeded to Costa Rica, around
which port he is at present hovering. The
peace of the country has not yet b£en dis
turbed at a!!. Castki.i.anos,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, San Salvador.
When Ezeta left this port c said that he
would laud at Acapulco, where lie would
1 meet a confederate of the name of Oolochio
i and many others who would assist him,
! but he woul 1 not move on his country un
j til ho had sufficient followers to make se
cnrity and success certain.
Dr. Calderon says his people have fore
\ seen this move on Ezeta's part for some
time, and are prepared to give him a recep
tion, as they are satislied with the present
government.
Sailors have an idea that rats will for
sake a doomed vessel, and several curious
instances, tolerably well authenticated,
have been reported of the rats leaving a
vessel which afterward came to disaster.
It is a well-known fact that rats frequently
desert a house about to fall and mines
which are on the point of caving in.
THE UNION LEAGUE CLUB.
Annual Election of Officers Is
Exciting Widespread
Interest.
TWO TICKETS IN THE FIELD.
National -Guard Staff Officers Are Try
ing to Down General R.
A. Friedrich.
The annual election of officers for the
Union League Club will take place next
Tuesday. There are two tickets in the
field, and the contest promises to become
quite animated. In this club the members
chosen to constitute the board of directors
elect the president, vice-president and
secretary.
Following is the regular tLket for the
board of directors:
Samuel W. Backus. Robert A. Friedrich,
George H. Pippy, Charles G. Clinch, Wil
liam H. Dimond, Dan T. Cole, Harry N.
Gray, John C. Currier, Frank A. Vail,
Reed Jones, John J. Wirtner.
The members' ticket, which contains
eicht names that are on the regular ticket,
Contain also three ranies not thereon —
W. D. fcianborn, Arthur Spear and Charles
M. Bhortridge. Messrs. Spear and Short
ridge are members of ihe existing board,
having been chosen to till vacancies, and
under the courtesies of custom were en
titled to be placed on the regular ticket.
Cornelius O'Connor was so entitled, but he
declined to serve, and so in his place W.
D. San born was designated.
Following is the members' ticket:
Charles M. Short-ridge, Samuel W. Backus,
Robert A. "Friedrich, Daniel T. Cole, Ar
t1 1 it- W. Spear, John J. Wirtner, Frank A.
Vail, George H. Pippy, W. D. Sanborn,
Charles G. Clinch, Harry N. Gray.
Since the Union League Club was
incorporated, in 1889, it has been the un
failing custom for the lirst vice-president
to succeed in regular order to the honors
of the presidency. In that line Wendell
Easton succeeded Major Chamberlain;
then followed S;imnel fit. Shortridge, A.
E, Castle, William McDonald and S. W.
Backus, each stepping from first vice
president to the presidency. The first
vice-president now is General Robert A.
Fried rich, and it was supposed until re
> centl\ that no obstacle to hid promotion
would be interposed, but when the regu
lar ticket was formed it was found that
several nominees of the board who had
been quite active as National Guard stall
othcers and holders of fat Federal offices
were inclined to object to General Pried
rich and put forward General W. H. Di
mond.
'i nere is also a surmise that ex-Postmas
ter and ex-Adiutant-<ieneral S. AY. Backus,
who is now the president, would not ob
ject to another term in case that General
Dimond should not care to serve. Ex-
Pension Agent John C. Currier, who is
now a member of General Dimond'a staff,
is repo r te«l to entertain the warmest ad
miration for General liackus as second
choice.
In order to teat the sense of the club,
members who are loyal to the traditions of
the organization and who acknowledge
that there is a big her purpose in party or
ganization than to hold orriee forever, de
cided to present a members' ticket and
meet the issue.
No don bt a large vote will be called out,
and the result of the election will be close
ly studied by humble workers in the ranks
of the party Whose names do not adorn the
Union League roll of ruembershiv>-
Tt»« friends o! General Friedrich claim
tliat he is a representative of that earnest
and devoted element of the Republican
party that is willing at all times to sacri
lice personal ambitions for the success of
the organization. In the Repnblican
cause he stumps tne State effectively when
the committee calls on him for support,
lie goes wherever duty calls. He is not
an adept in the science of manipulating
conventions or controlling Congressional
delegations, but he is simply an able,
broad-gautred, whole-souled and large
hearted Republican whose friends are
legion. Should the attendance of country
members next Tuesday be large the vote
for the members' ticket will be corre
spondingly lar. c.
General Friedrich was seen by a Call
reporter yestetday, but courteously de
clined to discuss the contest. He enter
tains the belief that several of the mem
bers on the regular ticket who are reported
to be working against his promotion are
friendly lo him, and avers that he has re
ceived from them expressions of friend
ship. He said distinctly, however, that
Arthur Spear and Charles M. Shqrtridge
should have been, in accordance with cus
tom, placed on the regular ticket. Com
modore O'Connor was entitled to a place
on the regular ticket, but he declined to go
on either ticket, so \V. I>. Sanborn, an
other progressive member of the club,
was placed on the member's ticket. Gen
eral Friedrich says that he has not sought
the office, but he feels that according to
the custom which has been observed since
the ciub was founded the first vice-presi
dent should succeed to the presidency.
Asia had its name from the Sanscrit
word Astias, signifying "land of the
dawn."
HEALTH LAWS.
< \7'OXTS3NrZ3SfiI.
t
. Exercise moderately. Bleep from 6to 8
hours. Retire at 10 o'clock.
■'.'.' : .*•
If you don't sleep soundly use Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It will clean the
organs of the body and you can sleep re-
freshingly. ,
« * * - • - :
If you wake tired you need better health
and Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla will bring
this. ;>-"■=
• *•
When nervous and restless take moder-
ately lone walks and use Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla.
• *
The heart, lungs and stomach are gov-
erned by nerves originating in the brain,
and these nerves are quieted by what you
take into the stomach, if you take Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. ,;,-':
• *♦
, Twitching of the eyes and muscles of the
face are symptoms of nervous prostration.
You need rest, change and Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla.
■■• * •
A nervous man or woman should never
overload the stomach. Moderation in
everything, even Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla. is essential. ..
• ••
Nervousness, melancholy and a torpid
liver go ■: hand in hand. Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla will stir the liver, quiet , the
; nerves and banish melancholy.
•
•» *
Substitutes are poor, but poorer are the
' people who take the proffered substitute
for Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
*
..... *■■♦■".■ r.V..V-
After using one bottle of Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla you will agree it is good
medicine. ;■,";::" v, .»,"?,* :
*,* *
. ' A nervy man may offer a substitute 1 for
Joy's Vegetable Sarsapariila, but you can
refuse the substitute.
NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
FOR
TODAY'S TRADE!
OUR GREAT MIDWINTER CLEARANCE SALE continues
to-day with the following and many other equally choice and de-
sirable lines offered FOR IMMEDIATE CLEARANCE at
CUTS IN PRICES THAT WILL FORGE A RAPID SALE!
LACE DEPARTMENT I
At 5O Cents Sach.
BLACK NET RUFFLES, edged with white lace and ribbon ends, reduced from $1 25.
At Each.
YOKE COLLARETTES of lace and ribbon, in all shades, reduced from $1 75.
At Baoh.
LACE COLLARETTES, Vandyke points, trimmed with Net-Top Venise Lace, reduced
from $3.
At 42.50 Each.
BLACK HANDRUN SPANISH SCARFS, iy yards long, reduced from $7 50.
At 4 1.00 Each.
BLACK CHANTILLY DRAPERY NET. 45 inches wide, all silk, reduced from $3.
At 5O Cents a Yard.
DOUBLE-WIDTH CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, in all colors; special
values.
LADIES' KID GLOVES I
At Q^ Cents.
1500 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID GLOVES,
in dark, medium and tan shades, also black, former price $1 25, marked down to
65c a pair.
, At V 5 Cents,
1500 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, in colors and black, former price $1 50, marked down
to 75c a pair.
At 9O Cents.
1000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large buttons to match gloves), all shades and
sizes, former price $1 50, marked down to 90c a pair.
At ©O Cents.
1000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE GENUINE FRENCH KID
GLOVES, in colors and black, former price $1 50, marked down to 90c a pair.
At 4 1.50.
500 pairs NOVELTY UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, 16-button length, embroidered in
tinsel at wrist and tops, colors tan, fawn, mode and pearl, formerly sold at $5,
marked down to $1 50 a pair.
____J
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
At 1 5 Cents a Fair.
;97 dozen CHILDREN'S HEAVY RIBBED BLACK CASHMERE WOOL HOSE,
double heels and toes, fast biack, worth $4 a dozen, will be closed out at 15c a pair,
all sizes.
At S3 Cents a Pair.
159 dozen CHILDREN'S REAL FRENCH BLACK RIBBED MACO COTTON HOSE,
double heels and toes, guaranteed fast black, sizes 5% to B^, worth $6 per dozen,
will be closed out at 25c a pair, all sizes.
At 1 5 Cents a. Fair.
154 dozen LADIES' RIBBED TOP BLACK COTTON HOSE, spliced heels and toes,
Hermsdorf black, also black boot and colored top combinations, worth $3 per dozen,
will be closed out at 15c a pair.
At a 5 Cents a Fair*.
123 dozen LADIES' 1-1 RIBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels and toes,
warranted fast black, worth $6 per dozen, will be closed out at 25c a pair.
At 5O Cents Saoh.
69 dozen LADIES' HYGIENIC AND DRAWERS, non-irritating, always soft
and more durable than the ordinary knit, natural color only, worth $1, will be
closed out at 50c each.
At BO Cents a Sviit.
57 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED COMBINATION SUITS, merino finish, high
, neck, long sleeves, white and natural color, worth 90c, will be closed out at 50c each.
At 5O Cents a Fair.
17 dozen BOYS' CAMELS-HAIR DRAWERS AND PANTLETS, all wool, broken
sizes, worth $1 25, will be closed out at 50c a pair.
! CORSETS I CORSETS I
At $1.00.
65 dozen LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, firmly and closely boned, perfect fit guaran-
anteed, patent loop eyelets, black and drab, regular price $1 50, will be closed oat
at $1 each.
■
RIBBONS I RIBBONSI
At 1 5 Cents.
200 pieces BLACK ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, No. 16, 2V<
inches wide, will be closed out at 15c a yard.
JAPANESE TIDIES, TABLE SCARFS, ETC.
At 75 Cents.
100 JAPANESE SILK TIDIES, band-embroidered fringe ends, value $1 25, will be
closed out at 75c each.
At 35 Cents.
\ FANCY TABLE SCARFS, with fringe, value 60c, will be closed out at 36c each.
At SO Cents.
FANCY MANTEL SCARFS, 2% inches wide, trimmed with fringe, value $1. will be
closed out at 60c each.
At 25 Cents.
75 HEAD-RESTS in figured silk, value 50c, will be closed out at 25c each.
FB AMES, HOLIDAY GOODS, ETC.
* At l o Cents.
FRAMES in plush and imitation leather, value "25c, will be closed out at 10c each*
J&.T ZX^SLJLiX* FHXOX3.
THE BALANCE OF OUR HOLIDAY STOCK OF PLAQUES. OALBNDAES,
JEWEL BOXES, etc., will be placed on our center tables and closed out at half
price.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS I
At 1 5 Cents.
92 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' SILK SCARFS, in Tecks and Four-in-hands, satin lined,
regularly sold at 25c and 35c, will be closed out at 15c each.
At 1 5 Cents.
122 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE CASHMERE WOOL SOCKS, iv sanitary gray,
vicuna and fancy mixed colors, extra good value for 25c, will be closed out at 15c a
pair.
At 5O Cents.
76 dozen MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
"- ERS (odd sizes), regular price $1, will be closed out at 50c each.
At SO Gents.
65 dozen MEN'S UNDYED' WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted
, not to shrink, extra value for 85c, will be closed out at 50c each.
At 75 Cents. " Vi
55 dozen MEN'S CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, extra well
finished, worth $1 25, will be closed out at 75c each.
At 35 1.00.
43 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN LAMBS-W OOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, warranted thoroughly shrunk, regular price $1 50, wiil be closed out at $1 each.
/ B/W^^ MURPHY BUILDINGS /
(/(/ Market Street corner of Jraesi /
S-A.3NT XTEI. i A.2*ro:r.«33'OC>-
910
REV. FATHER YORKE ON HIS CRITICS
The Catholic Champion's
Spirited Reply to His
Opponents.
FORGERY IS CHARGED.
Catholic Truth and Catholic
Loyalty Brilliantly
Defended.
THE P3PE'S SUPREMACY.
H. W. Bowman Vigorously Denies the
Temperal Power of the Head
of the Church.
The Rev. Father Yorke submits the fol
lowing iotter in answer to his critics in the
• roversy r.mv in progress :
Jan oar y <>, ] 895.
• i.w. Sir: i I w
• calculated in demonstrate
sture* ol that conglomeration oi
ignorance aud absurdity called the A. )'. a.
than the language affected by its champions.
Paradoxical though it may beem, it would be
■■•.ii the cause of decency if they
tbulary or <1< odorize
their sentence* beiore presenting them to the
ranee ' "■ permeates
i heir com mi uications is an effective prophy-
I assure yon, Mr. Editor, ray only iear
in this i - ■ ! ">; In some ii;ci<l In
rerva ation may club its corybanrs
Into decorum.
In this controversy I have but two aims.
First. 1 wish io put before the public a clear
and correct statement of Catholic teaching and
of Catholic history. Secondly, 1 wish to an
swer as .-.■llisiHct'jrily as i can the arguments
which arc brought against Catholic loyalty,
hi order to do 'his it is necessary to obtain
from those rho are opposed to us some state
ment of the crimes with which they charge us
and tome logical presentation of the reasons
which b&cli up thi 1 allegations. I need not -«y
to the readers of The Call that this method
he* not been followed.
i.. A. Hubbell seems to be possess "1 with the
Krim determination to show the public that he
tan work the scissors faster than 11. W. Bow
man, and H. W. Bowman i- resolved to die
gloriously, shears in hand, rather than
acknowledge thai he cannot produce more
clippings than '■. a. Hubbell. what bearing
these extracts have on the controversy i* as
obscure as the relation of St. Peter's mother-in
law to Dr. Case's veracity or the connection of
-Philosophic sin" with American institutions.
1 must confess the matter is beyond me. Xo
doubt the diligent and nnirrammatical editors
of them f>Oisess son adumbration of i t : o i r
relevancy. Hut if they do they have unkindly
withheld their knowledge from the rest o: the
world.
Now, Mr. 1 ■ • me state my position
or clippings. A
quotation from a Catholic author may i
duced to i'Hik up a certain argument. Hntil,
however, thai argument i* stated it is simply
■ • quotation— li n waste
c it. When these quotations
en H column eommuni
. in your p . le up of detached
■ . every author, from Hermes ':
'.> Prank botts.it >■•> superlatively
tooiish to examine them all. r.y ih.> time!
through with one the public would
have completely forgotten what tfie original
controversy ««< about.
However, I nave taken certain specified quo
tations, mid 1 have shown thai they were U>r
geries/pnre an.i simple. To do this 1 have
been compelled to use different methods. To
the Jesuits 1 oath and the priests' oath I have
offered complete ami comprehensive denials,
sworn to before an officer of the law: in the
case of the alleged bull of excommunication,
I have produced the original from which it
was taken, and traced its origin not to the
church, but to an obscene novel known- as
Tristram Shandy"; for Dr. Case's quotation
from Gury, I submitted the works of that
author for examination, and showed that the
reverend gentleman hau substituted a "no"
where the original had "yes."
None of these refutations have been met. G.
A. llubbeii obstinately lights shy of the affida
vits of Father I'rendergast. of "Father Imoda
and of Father Wyman. He has kept a discreet
silence on Tristram Shandy, and Dr. Case has
been as uncommunicative a* a clam when
asked to explore the tons of literature he has
at home for the (Jury from which he took his
quotation.
In the face of facts like these thinking people
will naturally look with suspicion on all quo
tations emanating from these sources. false
in one thing, false in all, is a maxim of com
mon-sense as well us of law. How true it is
may be learned from a slight examination of
some of the latest quotations made by G. A
Hubnell.
This patron of phonetic spelling no doubt re
nrets the unkind fait- which prevented him
irom being a »>i-nooluia»ter. The eternal tituess
of things )s demonstrated in his attachment to
the little red schoolhouse. The "barefooted"
ignorance which could perpetrate "the differ
ence between he and his kind" can only be. ex
piated by perpetual incarceration in some such
institution of learning as the Home for the
Feebie»mliiaed. However, knowledge must be
inculcated and education defended. If the one
cannot in- accomplished by buttering the pu
pils at Wit the other mny be attained by bat
tering the I'npe.
In his letter published this morning <.. a.
li'.:lii>»Ml gives certain quotations to show what
"Jesuitism thinks 01 our mom cherished insti
tution, the public school." Four ot • •,.■-•• quo
tations are from Ihe Catholic World. I have
Taken the trouble to look the matter an, and
I present an analysis ot the first as a specimen
of the literary hom-aty of these new defenders
01 America.
The nrticio from which the alleged quotation
Is taken whs written In reply to an attack on
tlu- Catholic histitntions of New York" City,
which appeared in Putnam's Magazine: I'
have not been abie to liim nut the name of the
writer, but he gives this description of him
belf: ULJtt
We know well the common school system of this
and other Mutt's. \ve— we speak personally—
received our <-;ir;y education In the public schools*.
We wore lor live years a common-iichool teacher,
and tor ■■••!! years had charge of Hie schools in
I lie place of our residence as school committee
lnan. We have DO! cm- word to w "against them
us schools for the cniidie.i of tho-t; who are willing
to secularize • ....... We make 1:0 war on the
system 'or ton-Catholics. If they wish the -■ stein
for themselves, we offer thorn no opposition. 111
--deed, for those who bold the supremacy of the
secular crder and believe that every department
of life should be secularized, 110 better system can
be devised.
Kow the literary buccaneers who must rilie
Eomi ■ ■ rms against tin- i'ope come to
this gentleman's writings to prove the church
is trying to destroy the public school.-. The
blr inptructive. The extract as printed
i>y you, Mr. Editor, conxiste of tour consecu
tive sentences, in the original the first sen
tence is found near the beginning of a para
graph. Between this sentence and the next,
as given by you, intervene the rest cf this pam
graph, two full pHrapraphs and part ni another
paragraph, which -icai with different subjects
ether. Thai is tv i*y between the lirst
• printed by «.. A. Bub
bcll there are tiventy-oue neateu'ces, making
seventy-six tinea of text.
The second sentence ks given by yon eon
; three clauses. A a explanatory clause ,
whicn puts nn entirely differ.'.: construction
onthe meaning, is leti outol tbe middle and
another is omiued from the end.
J*en\f>eii the Becond and the third another
sentence is dropped, and the onl; two oon
(.( entire Winteucex iv Ihe ex'rect are the third
■nd f.iurth.
1 ask you, Mr. Editor, and all fair-minded
nun, how are we to argue with such dis
honesty as this? if Catnollc teachings are
treasonable why Is it necessary to gerry
mander Catholic books to make out a case
against us ? I have given the answer time and
lime again. When men wish to prove what is
not true they are driven to falsehood, to
forgery and to perjured testimony.
We read, Mr. Editor, in the Scripture that
when men were suborned to swear ajjaii.st our
Lord "their testimonies were not agreeing."
A clever liar has hard work to escape contra
diction, but a clumsy liar has as many' feet as
.Mayor Stitro's octopus, and he manages to put
every one 01 them in the mess. 11 G. A. Ilub-
Iveil had stopped lor an instant in his blind
fury of scissoring to read the extracts he was
inflicting on your readers he would have seen
that one 01 them exposed the other. Thus, his
third quotation runs as follows:
As Miere Is for us Catl;o'tcs only one church,
there is and c»n be no proper education lor us not
riven by or under Ore direction ami control of the
Catholic cfcurch.
The obvious inference from this sentence is
that tiie Catholic church is trying to get all
hciioois ;indcr her control. If we turn, how
ever, to h.s enth quotation we iind that he
gtres this little extract with its context. This
icrth quotation :s built on tbe same piaii as
the lirßt, with utimerous and interesting omiss
ions. If I remember rightly some eighteen
sentences are left out; only the last two are
consecutive. 1-roin these we see that the
writer Is speaking of religious education, and
lie says oi it what every America!), every
Methodist, every Episcopalian, will admit:
This sort of education can he Riven only by
the church or under her direction and control,
tad ms there is for us Catholics only one church,
there is and c«7i be no proper education tor us
not given by or under the direction and control of
the Catholic church.
It is hard to conceive the stolid stupidity
which would palm off reasoning like this upon
an intelligent community, it is a jioor cause
which needs such advocates. How can we be
expected to treat with seriousness men who
are such paudiculateci idiots that they fall over
their own feet ami into their own mouths ?
At this writing 11. W. Bowman is ahead in
the >eissor« competition by several feet. His
Just contribution consisted of nothing less than
h challenge. I answered that challenge sev
eral weeks ago, when I informed Mr. Bowman
that he made a mistake in the date. It should
bare been beaded the Ist of April. There is no
other day in the calendar so meet for Mr. How
man and his challenge.
As to the Suisun matter, Mr. Bowman doubts
my word for the offer of #I<K> to prove his quo
tation. He also professes ignorance of the
precise quotation in question. I'ermit me to
enlighten him.
1 quote from a stenographic report of a
"speech delivered by H.W. Bowman Esq. of Ban
Francisco, California, in the Native Sons' Hall
at suisun, Polaco County, California, on Octo
ber 15, 1895, reported by F. .1. Brownlee." On
page 4 l find the following specimen of pat
riotic eloquence:
Now I call your attention to some historical facts
to-night ;■ some Tacts in relation to th«determina
tion of the Romish hierarchy to overcome the
American liberty. I will read you the following
from the Catholic World of July. 1870. It says:
There la ere long l" tie 11 state religion and that
s-nte religion Is to be Koman Catholic: all legl la
tioii must be governed by the law dictated by the
Pope.
This is the quotation. Now allow me to sub
mit the following letter, which I received this
morning:
snsi-N, cal.. .Tan. 8. 1896.
Rev. I. '". Yorkr, San J-'ranrisco— Kkvkkknd
and Dear I'atiieii: In to-day's Call Rev. \V. 11.
Bowman says he baa only your word for the $100
heie as a reward for the proof of Ins assertions
Questioned by you. We will try and have This
Call reporter here and send them word that the
money is ready. If you want a check for the $100
1 will send it to you lit once. Respectfully,
T. .1. I.'X.VI.IN.
This, I think, is sufficient to show Mr. How
ma i that my word in this matter hi least is
reliable. Or course, I expect to have all the
clerical Pharisees like Dr. Case, who tithe
merit and anise and cummin, and who leave
undone the weightier things of the law, judg
ment and mercy and faith, resoluting against
me for contaminating the cause ot truth with
the mammon of iniquity. However, 1 cannot
help that. The scriptural answer meets this
case and every similar case : "Ye blind guides
who strain out the gnat and swallow the
camel."
Now, as to 11. \Y. Bowman's challenge to
enter on a public or oral debate with him, let
me state as clearly and *s precisely as 1 can
! that I have not the slightest intention of en
gaging in a debate with him or with anyone
' like him. If ne makes any assertions about
; the Catnolic church or the Catholic people I
| presume, Mr. Editor, your columns will be
I open to me in the lulure as they have been in
i the pp.st. Bat io appear on the same platform
I with him or his 1 positively decline. Pertnii
! me io say that 1 am not in this controversy for
, the purpose of providing pulpitless preachers
j with notoriety or gate receipts. lam in the
, controversy in answer the charges ma'ie
■ against the Catholic name, and the platform of
I The Call is a big enough platform ior me, and
i Its Hundreds of thousands >>f readers form an
; audience which can be reached by no human
He and his may accuse me ol cowardice and
of prevarication and of ail the crimes in the
i decalogue, but I am content to leave my ac
| lion t>> the judgment of the people of * San
Francisco. No debate i< necessary tosho
I truth or falsity of the matters on'which 1 have
challenged Investigation. The men who, i
understand, are advertising tickets for <<:■■]! :i
re attempting to obtain money
under false pretense-, and it is well for the
people to understand it. Yours truly,
P. C. yoRKE,
POSTSCBIPTCM.
W. R. Goodwill objects in his letter this !
mornin? to an octavo "postscriptum." I re
spect liis scruples and will deal with him in a
folio letter to-morrow. I. C. v. j
* j
THE POPE'S SUPREMACY.
W. H. Bowman Says That History
Has Repudiated the Temporal
Authority of the Vatican.'
W. H. Bowman, cuitor of the American
Patriot, contributes tne following paper to
the famous Yorke-Ross controversy:
To the Editor of the San Francesco Call But:
It Is an indisputable Eactof history that from
the middle oi the fifth century up to the lime
of the Reformation the assumption of thi
universal supremacy oi the i'ojie. spiritual and
temporal, on one ;- i< it-, hikl tiie absolute
■ nee '<> the Pope <>i all men, kings and
people, on the other, had been tne fundamental
principle of the Papacy. Byforgvd I
l'Hfial itiiilt^, briefs, canons and interdicts the
falsje claim to universal sovereignty v at 1 stab
hshed. '!'hc spurious character of' the Pope's
title to temporal power has been exposed by
the ablest Catholic author* and rejected with
impatient cont»m] I by history.
'J'iu- absurd attempts 01 popes and priests to
establish a human nt!o to the temporal pos
tu of the papacy is made manliest by th.
faci timt it the apostolic chaii of St. Peter were
endowed with a divine title to universal tem
\.'.riii sovereignty, a huinun title would he su
periluous. llt-'^Hr.'. iny .supremacy lo the !'(.;..
j.s tii- man; Kubstance of Christianity ami obe
dience to liis v.ii! Os nece<s ft ry to salvation
they have formed an organization I .axed strictly
upon monarchial prttx iples. skillfully adapted
la Bcture unity and concentration of action,
and by harmonizing their doctrines with the
cuiiiii to teinjfoiul and spiritual power, they
have managed u> usurp the power of princes
and hold the nations under subjection to the
Pope. We submit a lew of tin- absurd claims
of the Popes to temporal power, tnat the
r. -Hiter ihhv )»• convinced 01 the justness of the
.\. p. l. opposition to Romanism.
■!'uis V, our !■ ignlng Pope, is prince over all
nations iind kingdoms, and he has power to
j.lu-k. up, scatter, plant, ruin mid build." —
1 Hiiuii (..;' the < ounci] uf Trent.
"All mortalb »re judged by the Pope, and the
Pope by nobody." Lateran Canon.
'T\ir Pope is supreme over ali the world;
may impose taxes and destroy crowns and
1 avi ! .- h>r the preservation of Christianity.''-
St. Thomas Aquinas.
■'The supremacy of the I'ope over all persons
and things is the main mi balance of Christian
ity." Bellamine.
"The Pope lms supreme power over kings
and Christian princes; he may remove them
from otiice, and in Their place put others." —
Biovius, L»e hum. Pontiff, cap. 46, p. (>2.
"The I'ope is the lord of the v. hole world.
The Pope has temporal power ; his temporal
power is mo.-t eminent. All other powers de
pend upon the Pope. I—Marcinus.Jure1 — Marcinus.Jure Princep.
Rom. lib. -, cap. 1, '2.
■iiic Pope is the only Vicar of God, who has
supreme power and empire over all princes
and kings of ihe earth."— Blarens, L'e Rom.
Keel., art. V, sec 1!>.
•He (the Pope) can correct tbe laws of States
and niter them altogether; ami, by tbe pleni
tude ol his power, since he is above all law,
dispense from every law." — Pope Nicholas I,
A. 1). 858. [Quoted four times m the Canon
Law of Rom*. Causa IX qua-st. 8 cap. Cunc.ta
per muiidum.]
I'ope Nicholas F, in 858 A. H.,also decreed
three principles, which are corollaries to the
fundamental principle of pupHi supremacy,
namel; : 1. "There may niwnys be Hri nppeal
to the Pope from th<- judgments anci decrees of
kings and their courts ol justice, but no appeal
from any eeclexiastical sentence to a king or
his courts of justice.' 1 In the language of the
canonists: '"The Pope may reopen the judg
ment of every Judge and ruler, but no one
may review a decision of the Pope." The fol
lowing was the decree of pope Nicholas l ; it is
called "Dlstinctio !»<>, cap. Satis": -it has
been snJßclenlly proved that a I'ope can
in-: be bound nor acquitted by >i secular
power, for tbe P»pe, »s is well known, was
called •ioi by that pious Emperor, Cons tan tine,
and it is very clear that (iod cannot be judged
by men." '1 hat being a part of thocation law
of Come i« a matter of laith with ail Koman-
Isti.
'1. All clerics, even to the lowest grade, are
exempted from the jurisdiction ol all civil
couru, and from ali civil Jans, and from all
secural taxes. Pope Innocent 111, in 1215, re
newed this decree in the I.aterau Council.
Hume, the Kripllsh historian. Bey*:''Theec
clesiastics in that age (days of Thomas Keck.-t)
bad 1 enonnced all subordination to the magis
trate. They openlj pretended to an exemp
tion, in criminal accusations, from a trial be
fore the courts of Justice, and were j»radually
introducing a like exemption in civil causes.' 1
B. The Pope may depose kings, mid absolve
; subjects from their oath of alk-eriance, and
may give away their kingdoms to whomsoever
he may choose. That principle is asserted in
the decretal letter 01 Nicholas 1 to the Kmperor
Michael. '
That the Popes have acted upon this prin
ciple all history abundantly testilies
The following extracts 'from the canon law
of Koine are tnk"n from "Cranmcr'.- Collection
of Jeuets Extracted from the Canon Law."
k? 6ociet * ■ cditi< "i of the Archbishop's
The laws of kings have not prc-pmineucc over
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896.
ecclesiastical laws, but are subordinate or sub
servient to them.
Tin 1 statute law of laymen does not extend to
churches or to ecclesiastical persons or to their
goods to their prejudice.
Whatever decrees of princes are found injurious
to the interests of the church are declared to be of
no Rnthorfty whatever.
While •'sovereign remains excommunicated his
subjects owe him no allegiance, anil if thisstateof
things shall last for some time, and the sovereign
being admonished do not submit himself to the
chinch, his subjects are absolved from all fealty
to him.
The Pope may dethrone the Kmperor for lawful
causes.
The Bishop of Rome is not bound by any decrees,
but lie may compel as well the clergy as the lay
men to receive his decrees and canon law.
The Bishop of Home ha', h authority to indite all
men and specially io discern the ariieles of faith,
and that without any councils, anil may assoll
(acquit) them that the council hath damned; but
no man hath authority to judge him nor to med
dle with anything that lie hath iudKeil— neither
Kmperor. Kins, people nor clergy— and it is not
lawful for any man to dispute of his power.
The Bishop of Konie niav excommunicate em
perors und princes, depose them from their state
and assoll (acquit) their subjects from their oath of
obedience to them and so constrain them to rebel
lion.
The Kmperor is the JJisliop of Home's subject,
and the Bishop of Koine may revoke the Kmperor's
sentences in temporal causes.
It helongeth to the Bishop of Rome to allow or
disallow the Kmperor after he is elected, and he
may translate the empire from one region to an
other.
The Bishop of Home is judge In temporal things
and ha:h two swords, spirit nal mid temporal.
The Bishop of Koine may give authority to ar
rest men ami imprison them in manacles and
fetters.
The Bishop of Rome may compel princes to re
ceive his legates. . •
It appertained to the Bishop of Rome to judge
which oaths ought to be kept and whi- b not.
Princes' laws, if they be against the canon* and
decrees of the .Bishop of Koine, be of no force or
strength.
All kings, bishops and nobles that allow or suffer
the Bishop of Rome's decrees in anything to be
vio'ate be accursed.
The Bishop of Home may be judged of none but
Ood only; for although he neither regard his own
salvation nor any man's else, uut draw down with
11. \Y. BOWMAN, EDITOR <H THE AMERICAN PATRIOT.
[From a phoioaraph,]
himself innumerable people by hcnps unto hell.
yet may no mortal man in this world presume to
apprehend him. Forasmuch us h>- Is called God,
he may- be judged of no man, for (iod may be
judged of no man.
v The Bishop of Home may compel by mi oath all
rule rs urn! other people to observe ami cause to in"
observed whatsoever the Bee of Home shall ordain
concerning heresy and the favorers thereof: and
who will not ober he may deprive them of their
dignities.
Cardinal Manning, in his defense of the
papacy, claimed that Koine had the full right
to depose a Protestant sovereign. In his "Ks
says on Religion," pp. 468-459, he says: "The
election of a Prince in a Christian community
cannot be put in the category of a purely civil
act. If, therefore, an heretical Prince is elected
or s-.icceeds to the throne, the church has a
right :o say, 'I annul the election or I forbid
the succession.': Or, again,' if a King of a
Christian nation falls into heresy, he commits
an offense ogflinst God * * * and Hgainst
his people " • * Therefore, it is in the
power of the church, by virtue of the supreme
authority with which she Is vested by Christ
over all Christian men, to depose such a Prince
in punishment of nis spiritual crime". The
following concise summary of papal interfer
ence in the aliiiirs of state, from the pen of
Rev. Hamveil Home, M.A., is right to the
point:
St. Gregory VII twice anathematized and de
posed the Emperor Henry IV. 1 11 1116 the Km
peror Henry V was deposed by Paschal II; John.
Kin? of England, by Innocent 111 In 1210, and
Raymond, fount of Thoolonse, by the same pontiff
In 1215; the Kmperor. Frederick II by Innocent
IV In 1245; Peter, Klngol Aimgoa, by" Martin [V
In 1283; Matthew, Duke of Milan, In 132-, and
l-oumof Bavaria In 1324 by John XXI I; Harnabas,
Duke of Milan, by Drban v 1883; Alphouxo, King
of Airagon, In 1425 by Martin V; tin- Ki.-nr of
Navarre by Julius II In 1512; Ilenrv VIII, Kins
ot England, by Paul 111 in 1538; Henry 111
Franc**. in 1583, by Stxttm V, who, on hearing of
this monarch's assassination by Friar Jacques
Clemi in. declared il:ai the murderer's fervent zeal
toward Cod surpassed that of Judith and Kleazer,
and thnt the assassination was effected by
providence! In 15ftl Gregory XIV and in
the following; year the nncanonically elected Pop«
Clement VII issued bulls 01 deposition against
Henry IV. King of France, whose life, was- first at
tempted by .loiin Chastel, a Jesuit, then a monk.
and finally he wan stabbed by Bavaillac, In 1569
BalQI Pins V deposed Queen Klizubeth, whose
Uomanlst. subjects he stimulated to rebel against,
her and furnished some of them with money to aid
their nefarious. attempts, mid hulis or deposition
were fulminated against that illustrious' queen by
Uregory XIII In 1680, six tun V In 1587. and
Clement VIII 111 1000. Sixtus V In his bull
styled her a usurper, a heretic and- an* excom
municate, gave her throne to Phillip 11 of Spain,
and commanded the Knglish to join the Spaniards
In dethroning her. Clement VII In 1600 issued
a bull to prevent James 1 ascending the throne
Of England, declaring that "when it should hap
pen that that mistrable woman (Queen Kllzabeth)
should die they (her subjects) should admit none
to the crown, though ever so nearly allied 10 it "by
blood, except they would not, only tolerate the (Ho
man) Catholic religion but promote It to {lie ut
most of their power; and would, according 10 an
cient custom, undertake upon oath to perform the
same." in 1643 Urban VIII issued a bull of depo
sition against Charles I in Ireland, where wo years
before not fewer than 100,000 Protestants "were
massacred ; and to those who had joined the rebel
lion of 1641 the same Holy Pontiff granted a pie
nary indulgence. In 1729 Benedict XIII, at the
Instance of Itnman Irish prelates, issued hull to
dethrone George 11, King of Kiißland, wl'.h
an indulgence. as we have above seen,
for raising money to support the Pre
tender. In 1708 Clement XIII published
a brief on occasion of certain edicts is«rc d by the
Duke of Parma and PlnccnllH. in his own do
minions: wherein the Pontiff, in the' plenitude 'of.
his usurped authority, abrogated, repealed and an
nnlled sis being prejudiced to the liberty, lmmunity
and jurisdiction of the Church, whatever the. Daße
had ordered in Ills edicts and forbade hi* subjects
lo obey their sovereign ; further, depriving all who
had either published or obeyed the edicts of all
their privileges and Incapacitating them from re
ceiving absolution until they should fully and en
tirely have restored matteia to their former condi
tion or should have made s .tit able satisfaction to the
church and to the Holy .See. in 1800 Pope Pins Vj 1
announced his election to '.he | oiuilicale to i otiin
Will as the lawful king of France, anil in
the I olio wing year lie exhibited a most edifying in
stance of pupal duplicity when ii suited his interest
by enterin>{»into » concordat with Hoiiui arte, in
which, besides suppressing 146 episcopal and
metropolitan sees and dismissing their bishops and
metmpolltans without any form of judicature, he
absolved all Frenchmen from their oaths of al
legiance to their legitimate sovereign and author
•zed an oath 01 allegiance to the First Consul: and
when Lous XVIII sent his embaamdora to Rome
to present his credentials the PontlsT refused to
receive him. With marvelous Infal Ibillty. limy
ever, not qnl c eight years af.er the name ' Pontiff
issued a bull. in June, 1800, excornmunU-a'tlng
Bonaparte and all who adhered to him In hU In
vasion of the Papal stales, in which bull he makes
the sani" extravagant pretensions to sut r»m"
power which had been put, forth by saint (iregorv
VII, innocent 111 and other Pontiffs.
On the of January, 18.">4, Tope Pius IX
issued an allocution, which whs. translated and
published in the New York Freeman's Journal,
the leading Catholic paper In the United
States. Itwas a denunciation of the acts of
the Piedmont Government. Among other
things he said : . "We reject and condemn not
only all and each of the decrees of that Gov
ernment hurtful to the rights and authority of
religion, of the church and of the Holy Sec,
but likewise the law lately proposed. We de
clare all these acts to be absolutely null and
void." . , . v^v ....
Within forty-two years we have a Pope de
claring the acts of an independent foreign
power "null and void." What reason can any
Romanist, priest or layman, Rive for this arro
gant assumption on tne part of the Roman
Pontiff in interfering in the political affairs of
a foreign kingdom? This act of Pius IX shows
clearly thnt modern Popes have not renounced
the ancient claims of tiie papacy, but still
claim the right of the Pope as supreme ruler
over Christendom to "set aside and make void"
any law of any government which in his
judgment may infringe the rights, liberties
and immunities of the church.
Again, June 22, 18«S, Pius IX issued an
allocution condemning the constitution of
Austria. In it he says: "By our apostolic
authority we reject and condemn the above
mentioned (new Austrian) laws in general and
particular all that has been ordered, done or
enacted in these and other things against the
rights of the church by the Austrian Govern
ment or its subordinates; by the same author
ity we declare these laws and their conse
quences to have been and to be for the future
null and void." (See Janus, pages 23 and 24.)
Here Pope Pius asserts the right to set aside
the laws of a foreign • kingdom and to declare
"null and void" laws sanctioned by legislative
enactments. No more arrogant claim to tem
poral dominion was ever put forth by Gregory
VII or Innocent 111.
In this passage from this allocution, Janus
remarks;
•'By this sentence the whole legislature and
executive of Austria is placed under ban, with
rhe Kmperor Francis Joseph at its head, and
the Austrian* may be thankful that the whole
territories of the empire are not placed under
interdict, according to the earlier precedents
put in practice the last time against Venice
(1606).
"Pius IX condemns the Austrian constitu
tion for making Catholics bury the bodies of
heretics in their cemeteries, where they have
none of their own, and he considers It 'abom
inable'(abominabilis), because it allows Prot
estants and Jews to erect educational institu
tions.'
Such acts, under the doctrine of infallibility,
are justified by nil devout papists. One reason
why the A. I. A. opposes Romanism is that
the political principles of the papacy are in
conflict with the spirit and letter of the Amer-
Ican constitution.
1. Komanism stands committed to the union
of church and state; the constitution repudi
ates the dogma.
2. The constitution- guarantees freedom of
conscience; the papacy denies the right thus
vouchsafed to all.
.'5. The papacy opposes freedom of speech and
of the press; the constitution guarantees their
freedom.
4. The constitution forbids legislnt l. >n against
any form of religious worship; the papacy de
mands legislation against every form of "wor
ship bat its own.
.">. The Declaration of Independence and the
constitution make the people the source of
civil power; the papacy maintains that the
church Is the source of civil power.
•;. The constitution requires all foreigners
fefkitiK citizenship to renounce all allegiance
to foreign powers; the Romanists boldly avow
their allegiance to a foreign ruler.
7. The constitution forbids the appropriation
"f ?t«tc funds for sectarian purposes; the
!:.>!ni*.li church lims plundered the National
and state treasuries to the extent of millions
of dollars.
8. The constitution makes the laws of the
state superior to those of any church; the
papacy maintains that the church is above the
State, and not subordinate to it.
:>. '1 he Kiunish church holds that it has the
right to employ force; the spirit of the-consti
tiitiou forbids it.
10. The Romish church denies the right of
the state !o educate the youth of the land ; the
constitution provides fo* their education.
These ten points of opposition to civil law
fire a suflicient reason for our protest against
in'ii.ij Romanised, it is Congress or Vaticau ;
Pope or President, confessional-box or ballot
box.
To Romanize is to Vaticanize. It is to ac
knowledge the supremacy of the Pope. It is to
unite church anil state. it is to make the Pope
Che head of the Nation. It would grant him
the same power that is now vested in the Su
preme Court: He would decide nil questions
oit law. The church • would be. freed
from civil censure. The priests would en
! joy immunity from civil law. Hut the
: supremacy of the Pope ! has been an |
unmitigated corn in all Hges and countries.
Italy ban vomited up Papal supremacy, and
America would be insane to swallow' down i
what the Italians have vomited up. To Vati- '
canize means to establish the inquisition in i
America; to place the sword of the state in the
hand of the church. To be Romanized the
power or the Pope must be recognized. It is '
assorted in a Papal bull: - "We declare, define i
arid pronounce that it is absolutely necessary
tor salvation that every human creature bo !
subject to the Roman Pontiff."
Furthermore, to Romanize is to monerchizc. |
It is to. surrender the republican system of I
government by the people and to return to the
monarchial one of government by a king. i
The Pope as a temporal ruler claims kingly
rights. He exercises supreme' power. There is ■
no appeal from his decision. As a despot he !
cannot be beaten. The Czar of Russia is not In I
it with him. Republicanism has too much
liberty for Romanism. it is easier to rule a
people through a monarchial than a republi
can system. Hive a man a voice in the Gov
ernment and he ceases to be a slave to the
Government.
There is no obscurity In the position taken :
by the United States in the matter of alle
giance; the state requires most perfect and
complete tideiity and obedience to the repub
lic. The voice of the papacy Is no less uncer
tain; it demands the unqualified obedience of
its adherents to the Pontiff. Thus Cardinal ;
Manning, speaking in the name of the Pope,
i has said:
I acknowledge no civil power: I am the subject
of no civil power; I am the subject of no prince, •
anil 1 claim 10 be more than this. I claim to be !
: the supremo judije anil director of the consciences
of men, of the peasants that till the fields, mill of
the mince thai sits upon the throne; or the house
hold Hint sits in the shade of privacy, and the legis
lature thai makes laws lor kingdoms. I am sole.
I last, supreme judge of what Is right and wrong.
Moreover, we declare, atilrn). define and pronounce
it to be necessary to salvation to every human
creature to be subject to the Roman Pontiff.
All of which may be found in Quirinus
(Appendix I, p. 882) and the Tablet of October :
it, JcG'l.
I now ouote from Manning's Decrees and Civil
Allegiance, p. 54, where the Cardinal says:
i It is clear that the civil power cannot define
; how far the circumference of faith and morals ex
; ternlx. * • • If the church c»unot fix the limits
of its jurisdiction, then either .nobody can or the
(State must, Bat the State cannot unless It claim
to tie the depository mil expositor of (he Christian
: revelation. Therefore, it la the church or unholy.
I his last atippoaliiou leads to chaos. .Vow, if this
M rejected, i he church alone can; and if the
church can fix the limits of Its Jurisdiction it can
fix the limns of all o:her jurisdictions.
The same authority, in "lirsarism and Ultra
montaiiism" (page 30),* argues:
Any power which is independent ami can alone
fix the limits of its own jurisdiction, ana can
thereby fix the limits of all other jurisdictions, is,
ipso f«clo. supreme.
The following from an address delivered by
Pope Pius IX, of infallibility fame, July 21,
18<:t, is pertinent:
There are many errors regarding Infallibility;
but the roost malicious of all Is that which includes
In that dogma the right of deposing sovereigns,
and declaring the people no longer bound by the :
obligation of fidelity. This right has now and
again in critical circumstances been exercised by
the Pontiffs. * * * Its origin was not the infal
libility, but the authority of the Pope.
It is denied by many that the papacy de
mands the temporal allegiance of papists. Let
me quote the following from an encyclical of
Leo XIII, November, 1885:
We exhort ali Catholics to devote careful atten
tion to public matters, and take part in all mu
nicipal artiiiis and elections, and all public ser
vices, meeting* and gatherings. All Catholics
must make themselves felt us active elements in
daily political hie in countries where they live.
All Catholics should exert their power to cause the
constitution of states to be modeled on the princi
ples of the true church.
To be Romanized means to have the political
power centralized. The Pope is the center of
the system, lie sustains the same relation to
the church that the snn does to the planets.
Around hlru Cardinals, Bishops, priests and
laymen all revolve as satellites. He speaks and
they obey. To them he is God. Thus an abso
lute monarchy is established. Instead of power
diffused amon;,' the people it is localized in the
Pope.
Allow Rome to succeed in her attempts to
Romanize this country and liberty will for
sake her desecrated abode, and despotism will
occupy her temple. Heresy would be declared
to have no rights. The machinery of the lu
miisition would be set to work. The public
school system would be abolished and mental
darkness settle over the land. Church and
State would be united and tiovernment money
would support papal functionaries. Then lib
erty of speech ami freedom of the press would
be no more. The Dark Ages would return and
civilization be a thing of the past.
To prevent such a sad catastrophe the A. P.
A. is organized. H. \V. Bowman.
DISPUTED OREGON GRANT.
Appeal Taken by the Railroad
From Judge Gilbert's De
cision.
It Was Held That the Northern Pa
cific Grant Invalidated the Oregon
and California's.
An effort is being made by the Oregon
and California Railroad Company and
John A. Hurlburt and Thomas L. Evans
to have the decision of United States
Circuit Judge W. B. Gilbert of Portland,
Or., given last September, reversed in the
big land grant fight between it and the
Government. An appeal from the de
cision has been taken to the United States
Court of Appeals, and a transcript was
liled with Frank Monckton. clerk of the
court, yesterday.
Owing to a dispute as to the status of
titles to land in the Willamette Valley and
along the Oreeon and California irrant
suit was brought by the United States
Government against the railroad to cancel
patents ami lestore the land to the public
domain. The grant to the Oregon and
California was made by the act of July
25, 186 G. It was alleged on the side of the
Government that the same lands had been
conveyed to tne Northern Pacific in the
grant of that roaa of July 2, 1864 — over two
years before the Oregon and California
grant— and, hence, that they were not
within the purview of the subsequent
grant.
To combat this the Oregon and Califor
nia set up the deiense that no provision
had been made for any grant to a"branch
line" of the Northern Pacific through
Oregon from Puget iSound; that this por
tion of the proposed Northern Pacific route
had not been located, and that there was
no map or report of any location of said
branch line accepted by the Commissioner
of tho General Land Office at Washington.
Judge Gilbert took the view that the
grant to the Northern Pacific for
tins particular portion of tlie line
from the Columbia River to the southern
boundary of Oregon via a point "at or near
Portlanu," was a part of its main grant,
and that it had located this portion of the
intended railroad route anil had filed in
1805 a map known as the "Pernam map"
with tlie Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and the effect of the court's
decision was to declare the Oregon and
California's title to the land in dispute
void, in accordance with which he made a
decree favorable to the Government.
The Oregon and California now comes
forward with the usual assignment of er
rors. The document attacks the reasoning
of Judge Gilbert step by step, and still in
sists upon tne litigant road s original con
tentions respecting the supposed forfeit
ure, as it claims, by the Northern Pacific
of the disputed grant lands, and the legal
ity of the Oregon and California's patents
to the lands selected.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Elections of Officers of tlio Protective
Association and Liberty mnl
Alpha Clubs.
Tne Bicycle Protective Association held
its regular meeting yesterday at which the
following officers were elected for the en
suing term: Cal Swing, president; J. F.
Bent, vice-president; R. W. Dennis, sec
retary; P. Garrity, treasurer; J. W. Cor
nell, serjeant-at-arms. The executive
committee will consist of Miss Christine
Moran, General S. W. Backus, W. B. Cook
son, W. J. Kenney and A. Si Webb.
The association lias just finished the
first six months of its existence and has
been very successful in the detection of
bicycle thieves, the securing of favorable
legislation and increased advantages for
wheelmen in the City, the partial lighting
of the park and other measures. It now
proposes to go into the light for good
! roads and will send three delegates to the
next annual good-roads convention at San
, Jose. The association will meet again the
i lirst Thursday in February.
At a regular meeting of the Alpha
I (ladies) Cycling Club, held last Wednesday
i evening, the following officers were in
! stalled: Mrs. J. E. Keller, president;
! Miss M. McCarthy, vice-president; Miss
I Dorothy Pendergast, secretary; Miss E.
Cheffers, treasurer; Mrs. Fry, aergeant-at
arrus; Mrs. Henry F. Wynne, captain;
Miss M. Mahony, fir3t lieutenant; Miss
i Lena Egeberg, second lieutenant. The
i club is in. a most flourishing condition.
i The members are all sturdy road riders,
and they are continually seen in their
handsome blue uniforms on the country
and park roads.
The Pacific Cycling Club will have a
run to the beach Sunday, starting from
the corner of Eddy and Devlsadero
streets at 9 o'clock, under Captain Pryor.
George G. Shepston is now a member of
the Pacifies. Vice-President Scott is out
; again, after an illness ol a fortnight.
j At a regular meeting of the Liberty Cy
cling Club, held last Tuesday evening, the
following* officers were elected, who will
j serve for three months: 0. Westphal,
president; W. E. Bouton, secretary-treas
; urer; W. N. Beattie, captain : P. N. Nan
sen, first lieutenant; Thomas Wood, sec
ond lieutenant; 0. .St. Denis, sergeant-at
arms. The club will enter a team in the an
nual relay race, and the matter has been
i placed in the hands of Norval Robinson,
It was decided to invite the visiting com
mittee of the League of American Wheel
i men to call on the club Tuesday evening,
: February 4, that the members'may learn
about the organization witn the orobability
of joining it. Captain Beattie has called
a run for Sunday to the Presidio.
Xl I>or««lo Parlor Officers.
El Dorado Parlor No. ">•_', N. S. G. YV ., installed
the following, new oflicers last night at the
new Native Sons' hall on Mason street, be
tween Geary and Post. J. G. Joly, president*
M. Baker, lirst vice-president; Q. iitiuther. sec
ond vice-president; 1.. Skiver, tnird vice-presi
dent; E. X. i'bclan, recording secretary; D.
i Arey. financial secretary: R. Hober, treasurer;
l»rs. E. G. Friable ana W. .1. Hawkins, surgeons,
and \V. Samuels, 11. Abrams and F. Smith,
trustee*. After the regular meeting a ban
quet was enjoyed. This parlor is now making
preparations for its eleventh annual ball on
February 11. This will be one of the lirst
grand social events in the new Native Sons'
Hall
The fly-shuttle was invented by John
Kay of Bury, England, in 17o».
RUN THAT COMETH NOT
I Why, It's About the Driest
Rainy Season on Record
to Date.
A NEVADA " HIGH" IS TO BLAME.
Interesting Weather Figures and
Philosophy That Don't Tell How
Much Rain We'll Get.
Yesterday was the eighteenth rainless
day and the sun went down on as bright
and soft a California winter day as ever
promised a warm and sunny morrow.
The entire State is interested in the
question, When will it rain? The City
folks want more of these glorious days
that lure to the park*, hills and highway*.
The farmers In .the interior valleys are
generally nearly at the point of praying
for rain that they can plow and that
seeds may sprout und wheat may grow.
The orchardists are not in a hurry for rain
and warm weather in fear that the fruit
trees will bloom too early and suffer from
frosts. There are all sorts of individual
and class wishes about the rain coming
right away, but the fact is generally recog
nized throughout the State that a good,
widespread rain is at the point of being
badly needed.
Forecast Otlicial W. H. Hammon talked
weather a good deal yesterday, but lie ;
(iidn't know what the rain record was go
ing to be. So far this season we have had
4.1 inches of rain, while the seasonal aver
age on January 9 is about 10 inches. So
we are about (J inches short to date. The
last rain that amounted to more than a )
trace occurred December 21, when .34 of
an inch fell. So far this season, Mr. Ham
mon says, there have boon two raiiib that '
were general over the State. The most
rafn has fallen in the upoer Sacramento
Valley and the upper coast, where the sea
sonal average has been nearly readied.
In December last there were nine rainy
days out of thirty-one, while in December,
I>S!M, there were twenty-two rainy days, or
nine on which rain did not fall. Last year
the rainfall to date was 15.07 inches, "and
during the lirst eight days of last January
three inches of rain fell (luring five days.
There have been but two seasons since
the beginning of the record when less rain
had fallen before January 9 than this
season. In 1876-77 4.01 inches had fallen i
at this date, and in 1878-79 3.2 inches. In
1886-87 the record stood at 4.(53, and in
1883-84 it was 5.1 at this date. These are :
the four seasons, dry in the early part,
corresponding closely with the present
one. This season, then, has so far been
one of tiie driest that San r'rancisco and
the central part of the State has known.
"There is no reason," says Mr. Ham
mon, "that the rainfall should not be i
normal from now on, and the chances are
that it will be. We are now six inches j
behind the average, and the chances are
tliut we will come out six inches behind. 1
The average rainfall is not the probable
rainfall for a season, though. The proba
ble rainfall is only about 20 Inches— that
is, there have been as many seasons in
which the rainfall has been "less than 20
inches as there have been in which then'
has been more. The average is raised by i
seasons of very excessive rains, as in 188'j- J
90, when there was 42 inches."
There is a reason for this line dry spell — ,
cold fora while and then nice and warm !
— as many people may have ignorantly
suspected. Mr. Hammon blames it
all on Nevada. It is, the Sagebrush
State, which has no reason to do i
California an injury, that has ko;>t
away the blessed "rains that nature '
has been trying to get to us ever since '
ChrNtmas. The usual output of storms
has cOEoe to the coast from the big storm
factory of the Pacific, but they have been
sheered off to the north by Nevada.
Our rains are all due* to areas of low
pressure which float in to the northern
coast, draw currents from all directions to
the storm center, where the air is the
iightest, and cause precipitation. As these
"low«" come In and travel across the
continent they are always stopped or
turned by "highs," in which the air is
dense. So when a "low" comes in, the lo
cation of an impeding "high"' will show
where it will or will not rain.
Ever since Christmas a big low lias set
NEW TO-DAT.
VjE^PHH • v— - >i — ""^ flHßHaH^Sf^^ $
pgifcrdSgrn'tj - - ' *■ ¥P?2(33nR
i i ''' >Bwwi ~*^ j^A
Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt
Recognized and adopted by pro-
gressive physicians everywhere
as the most simple and effective
appliance for the cure of weak-
ness and disease. It cures when
all else fails.
ALAMEDA, Cal., January 7, 1896,
-063 Kni-'inal avenue.
PK. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Mr: 1 have suftYre-J
from Lumbago and Scia lea for thirty years. 1
have been laid up at different times nnd used many
remedies without benefit. After all else had failed
1 got your Klectric Belt two months ago and i; h«s
cured me. I cannot praise it too highly, for 1 know
that ii will do alt you reommend. on can use
my name.
Sours truly, JIXTOII PBASKR,
Ex-Moral Deputy for State of California, Order of
Scottish i tans.
It Will Cure You.
Pal it on when you go to bod at night find
wear it till you get up in the morning, and it
keeps your system soaked with electricity nil
the time— and that is new life to your nerves
It brings health. " • ■••
Bead the book, "Three Classes of Men "
about DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT and Its
cures, free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite J'alace Hotel. Ofllce hours, 8 to V
evenings. 7to 8:30. Sundays, 10 to 1.
Portland (Oregon) oillce, 255 Washington st
ts!^ PliSliiilgi
JK A written P g f v«. n and mm, v m, SiX t 0T0" i "not X^"" 11 " ™ ' " sti "T"i»-
-|l.OO A box, B ix fur ».1.00. by mall. Bond for>Rrr. rln-T,| ar nrtTosTlr^c *"a"- CffeCl a Immanent cur*
Addres, DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 MarKot MM an F^ncteco. Ca!. For Hale by
tied over the Great Basin between the
Sierras and the Rockies. The cold has
squeezed all the moisturf out of :t, the
heat has radiated oat of it. and it has set
tled down between and amonfetne moun
tain- and got stuck there. All the winter
storms that have come from the west sinrt!
have had to get around it by going .UJO
miles farther north than the usual winter
irack. So we have missed them.
A BIG STATE EXHIBIT.
The Board of Trade Will Soon Increase
Its Scope of VsefulnoH*.
Members of the California State Board
of Trade are projecting a new departure
in the way of exhibits. In a short time
the exhibit now at Atlanta will be re
turned to this City and installed at 10 Post
street. The proposition, which is male by
W. H. Mills, is that the old stock shall be
increased by what he calls a commercial
exhibit. The present exhibit is of fruit,
farm product?, etc.. of all kinds. The ad
dition will be of all the manufacturing
products in the territory west of the Rocky
Mountains, including Alaska, the Sand
wich and bamoan Islands. These will be
lumber, clay lor pottery, sand Tor glass,
building stone, with descriptions of the
deposits and '|ii irries. Materials for street
construction will also be exhibited.
From the Sandwich Islands and Samoa
will be sugar and its products and the
fruits of the islands; Alaska will furnish
coal, woods and precious- metals, and a
large collection of mining exhibits will be
added. It has heen suggested that com
petitive exhibits be made, and medals and
diplomas he given to counties producing
not the largest quantity but the finest qual
ity of fruits and products. _
NEW TO-DAY.
NEWS
I IULL JiUJ-iW-W-g»»-BTI*PT;-M*ra-B*Wlll**Wii laJ-a-T-
-' fin ■» iMfcTaMOTrrlHiiiftlw ßMrTii "ifi fliV<J*B*t itlrfr
from the
NEW
Fv-i— t T^***r**r*- I ''^. ■!«■ -W-law
STORE
Lots of room, lots of light and lots
of New Goods. We're doing every-
thing to merit trade, and we're
getting it.
SWEATERS !
Rescued from the big fire at Battery and
Market streets. We bought 'em at auction
for little or nothing. Price $1.00.
CHILDREN'S SUITS.
Blue Cheviot, double-breasted, 9 to 14,
two pieces, worth $3 50 $- 50
Reefer Suits, same as above, from $2 00 up
Complete line of Mechanics' Goods —
Overalls, Jumpers, Cardigan Jackets,
Painters' and Plasterers' Overalls. An
immense and brand new stock of Men's,
Boys' and Children's Clothing in all the
up-to-date styles. The Best at the Low* jt
Prices.
CARROLL
& TILTON,
811 MARKET ST.,
Flood Building.
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIESIEL ROOM
OF THE '
j PALACE HOTEL
! DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
; OPEN' UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
IDLWOAGWOO
! Chin. Drugs jß*^ ***^-ss!»jk
• and Tea and. Herb fjF
: Sanitarium, f£? *sm
I 776 CLAY STUKKT, PL _^ «
I Bet. Kenrny and Dupont, BtmV %H
i San Francisco. f*"V »5E^ ,•*
1 have bten troubled I-./ - iW
for two years with In- f jm, , f. ' \J-
tliiinnuttiun of the longs fe gjyP^l »J "I
and heart disease, and F vj«^\ J
I was unable to find rt>- % W^f Jf ~£*
lift )>>■ any physiciun. fe^JL^^J^/ V>3£
I was treated for Hire. K«S*^B?ig#3r ur*£
weeks by Dr. Wong Woo B§W«*§SW ? >sV*''
and perfectly restored to BUkn 92 > :^Stl.. ',-.
health. JOHN REGLI, SWOarSER><^WK»4P
! Six Mill? House, Mission Road.
"RIMS HODSE,
Vvasliliistoii, 13. O.
i The Hotel " Pur Excellence"
; Of the .Natloi*! Capital. First class In all appoint
| ments, O, DkWITT. freaa.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
- . IRON BEDS,
4"**" BRASS BEDS.
< FOLDING BED?,
Win and Hair Mat-
i tresses, 11 ecu n P n ,-
Hifm » l.Hirs W1,.,l Chairs,
I I fjr.r.iiff Comiuodes. Back Hosts
! ]gM\ If] I W. A. SCHROCK,
0 L*- i J ><■« "Moiitgomory
*^ St.. under urmad
I . H<>'<". « }.•
Ho Percentage Piiarm&Cjf, 953 Manet St.DANGERS OF THE HARBOR.
Professor Davidson Tells of Them
and Suggests Their Re
moval.
SOME NECESSITIES OF TRADE.
The Federal Government Neglects to
Remove Obstructions to Coast
Navigation.
Professor George C. Davidson told the
S:m Francisco committee on commerce
yesterday afternoon about the dangerous
link? in and nbout l^an Francisco Bay,
and the necessity of their removal. He
also, as chairman of a sub-committee on
unspecified matters, spoke of other things
of importance to commerce.
There were four other sub-corn mittes.
These were on plan of campaign, pilotage,
taxation of shipping and harbor property
and harbor charges. All asked for further
time.
It was decided to have Professor David
son's report printed in full in order that it
might be more carefully considered. It
was also decided to have a special meeting
to consider the masters he had treated, and
decide what action should be taken on
each.
In his report, Professor Davidson said
there were twenty-four separate and dis
tinct dangers threatening vessels on the
coast of California near l»an Francisco
Ray. These were: Noonday Rock 2,
Bonita Channel 1, Fort Point 5, Anita
Rock 1, Arch Rock 1, Shag Rock 1,
Blossom Rock 1. Mission Kock S, Invin
cible Kock 1. Whiting Rock 1. Fifteen-feet
Rock 1, Commission Rock 1, Mile Rock 4
(2 visible). Marfi Island and Navy-yard 1.
Two of these are newly discovered, hav
ing been observed by Lieutenant Leary of
the United States Coast Surrey steamer
McArthur during the last season. One
rock lies three fathoms deep just inside
the fairway line through Bonita Channel.
Three steam vessels are known to have
struck on this rock, but it Las not been lo
cated before.
Professor Davidson explained that he
had spent much time searching records of
wrecks. His list, he said, was not com
plete, as some of the insurance companies
objected to telling him the losses they had
paid. But he iiad made a list and every
item in it was correct In every particular.
Between Bodega Head and Santa Cruz
there have been MS wreck?. From Point
Reyes to Half Moon Bay there have been
317. In San r r.\ncisco Bay and within
tive miles north and pouth of it there have
been wrecks. Yet the Government
has spent only $100,000 in the last forty
tive vea-s in abating dangers, and not a
single cent since 1874. And lately it has
announced that there was no immediate
necessity of removing these menaces to
commerce.
On Arch Rock, Fort Point and Mile
Rock in San Francisco Bay there have
been seventy-four wrecks!. The loss to
the Packard alone on Mission Bay rock
would have paid for its removal.
In speaking of Bonita Channel he said
it was always passable as the sea never
broke in it. The cost of removing the
rock discovered by Lieutenant Leary
would not exceed "$35,000. This, as the
committee recommended, should be done.
It also recommended the placing of prop
erly marked fairway signals on the south
s-hore of the Golden Gate for the vessels
entering or leaving the BonitaThannel.
Of the proposed discontinuance of the
telegraph line from Point Itej-es to this
be said :
•The • emmittee has heard with much aston
it and uneasiness that the Government
lempiatcU discontinuing the telegraph
m ?an Francisco to Point Reyes, now
the Weather Bureau and for reporting
in danger. The committee learns from
an authentic list of wrecks and disasters at
Keyes head and the immediate vicinity
ere have been sixteen total wrecks and
. disasters to vessels ashore.
The report then gave a list of fourteen
• rs off Point Reyes, the losses on
wrnch footed up $9812,300. As San Fran
cisco is the nearest place to obtain relief
tugs, a telegraDh line in case of a wreck
would oiten mean the saving of lives and
treasure. Therefore the committee recom
mends that the line, which cost only
$540 a year, be retained, and Congress be
asked "to give $2000 for a house for the
operator at Point Reyes.
It also recommended that Congress be
petitioned to lay a cable between the
shore, near Lake Merced, and the south
east Farallones, with a station at the sum
mit of the island at the lighthouse, and
that a telegraph operator be detailed to
report the weather, vessels and disasters.
This would enable news of a disaster on
the Faraliones to be sent to the City and
help secured, whereas in heavy weather a
wrecked vessel might be a week in com
municating with the main land.
In emphasizing tbe importance of this
request Professor Davidson said there had
been four great ships totally lost on the
1 - aralloses. One of them, the Lucas, was
Jostwith twenty-five lives. Another, the
Franconia. lost $315,000.
In urging a fog vessel for the San Fran
cisco bar he said :
The wreck and disasters at the bar have been
-9, and possibly more. Among these no less
than five pilot- boat* have beeu lost. On the
ouuide of Point Bonita 17 vessels have been
wrecked, of which 12 were total. One of these
cost $200,000, and one was damaged to the
extent of $83,000. On the ouuide of Point
hobos there have been 32 wrecks and disas
ters, of which 22 Were total.
The committee recommended that the
Superintendent of the United States Coast
and Geodetic Survey be requested to place
upon the entrance'sheet of the bay ttie
lines of cables that cross the bay, and also
to mark the area wherein vessels cannot
anchor.
I'rofessor Davidson explained that he
had consulted United States Engineer
Major Heuer in regard to the ship chan
nel to Stockton. From him cc learned
that the oliicial maps do not represent the
actual condition of the channel as to
depth. An attempt was made by dredg
ing to maintain a depth of at least nine
low water, but sometimes only tix
and.
ig to the fact that Stockton is the
wrniirr.:s of the new railroad it wa3
deemed, oi special value to so enlarge the
I I to allow such vessels as could
lie in Bay to go up to Btocktou as
welL <.'. K. Grunsky, a civil engineer well
tinted with the matter, had assured
-or l>avidson that this H possible.
Therefore, the committee suggested :
I lih f. petitioned to grant the ap
«ry to carry out the recom
mendation of the United Rates engineer who
has b«d ;n charge the dredging operations for
c oi Uie channel between Stockton
and Suisun Jlay.
Another subject touched on was the
Dg ol r-.-hise in the bbar.3 r . Professor
■ on reported that vessels were in the
J.ahit of dumping theif ballast in trie deep
( baunel near »ioat Island. Not only that,
l>ut the Harbor Commissioners dropped
the r- ■ iieir dredgers in the same
M-ot and thus filled up that portion of the
bay. The committee recommended that
all ballast and refuse he dumped upon tide
that are being tilled in or which it
- | roposed to fill in.
A vote of. thanks was tendered .Professor
: K>n for h;^ reports.
FOR ARMENIAN SUFFERERS.
Mass-Meeting to Be Held Next Monday
in Their JSehalf.
A mass-meeting will be held next Mon
day evening, in Metropolitan Temple, in
which addresses Will be made against the
Armenian atrocities.
Mayor fciutro will preside, and tiftj vice-
presidents will be present from all de
partments of civic life.
Many eminent speakers will deliver ad
dresses, among them: Bishop William F.
Nichols. D.D.; Bishop D. A. Goods'ell,
D.D., LL.D.; Rev. Horatio Stebbins, D.D. ;
Kabbi J. \ oorsanger, D.D. ; and Rev. H.
C. Minton, D.D. S. M. Shortridge will de
liver the civic address and the historical
address will be made by John Bonner.
The committee having the meeting in
hand is composed of Rev. H. C. Minton,
D.D. ; Rabbi J. Voorsanger, D.D. ; Rev.
Thomas Filben, D.D. ; Rev. George Ed
ward Walk; Rev. W. D. Williams, D.D. :
Rev. H. 0. Bevier.
HIS APPEAL VAIN.
Thomas Upson, the Bogus Lottery
Ticket Mail, Sent to th«> County
Jail for Six Months.
Thomas Upson, alias Joe Johnston, the
bogus lottery ticket man, was convicted in
Judge Low's court about a year ago and
sentenced to pay a fine of $300 and be con
fined in the County Jail for six months.
Upson appealed and Judge Bahrs affirmed
the judgment ol the lower court. The
case was then carried to the Supreme
Court and recently it rendered a decision
against Upson.
On Tuesday the remittitur was sent to
Judge Low and the latter isssued a bench
warrant for Upson's arrest. Yesterday
morning Upon was brought into court.
He made un earnest plea for mercy and
toid the court ho had abandoned the lot
tery business and was leading an honest
life. He asked tLe court to accept the $300
line ami remit the sentence of six months'
imprisonment. His appeal was of no avail
and the Judge ordered him into the cus
tody of the Sheriff.
[fpson's statement that he was leading
an honest life had a grim sense of humor
about it. It was only the other day that
he was arrested by Postothce Inspector
Erwin for using the mails to further a
scheme to defraud. He was captured
through decoy letters under the name of
L. Schwartz of Reno, to wLorn he for
warded a quantity of counterfeit lottery
tickets.
WERE IMPROPERLY SUED
Judge Hunt Has Released Some
of the Heydenfeldt
Defendants.
Ashton and Jacobs Should Not Have
Been Included in a Suit to Set
Aside Deeds.
Judge Hunt has sustained the demurrer
of Charles Ashton and Julius Jacobs to
the complaint of Henrietta Heydenfeldt,
who was suing to have set aside the trans
fer of property from Heydenfeldt to
Elizabeth 0. Howard and Katherine Col
lins. The demurrer was upon several
grounds, principal among which were
that the statute of limitations barred the
action and that there was a misjoinder of
parties and actions. In rendering opinion
the court comments on those points as
follows:
In this case it is not alleged thp.t the plaintiff
was ignorant of the acts or fraud complained
of at the lime of the commission thereoi; nor
does it appear that she was ignorant thereof at
tue time of her husbands death. Assuming that
the statute of limitations would not commence
to ruu against her until after her husband's
death, it is not alleged that the fraudulent acts
complained of were discovered by her within
a period of three years prior to the commence
ment of this action.
In referring to the fact that there was a
misjoimier of parties the court says :
Assuming that the matters charged against j
the defendants:, Ashton and Jacobs, iv refer- i
| ence to their fraudulent procurement of the '
I probate of the will of Ileydc-ufeld:. deceased, !
constitute a cause of action egainst them, such, i
a cause of action is improperly united with the !
cause of action asserted against the demurring i
parties. 1: U rlear that the demurring de- '
fendants are in no way concerned with the re- j
suit of the probate proceedings in the estate of |
the deceased. Their conveyances were ex- \
ecuted by the deceased during his lifetime;
whether the will was fraudulently probated or |
the court was imposed upon Ls a "matter of no !
concern whatever to these defendant":.
The matters charged against the defendants, !
Ash ton «nd Jacobs, are inserted in the com- i
plaint apparently for the purpose of obtaining
an order setting aside the probate proceediugs
in question; indeed this relief is prayed for in
the bilL As these matters in no way relate to
the defendants' demurring or affect the prop
erty in question claimed by them, I am of the
opinion that there is an improper joinder of !
causes of action herein.
Ten days were given the plaintiff to j
amend her complaint in accordance with
the suggestions of the opinion filed. Should '
previous ignorance of the alleged fraud
not be shown, however, another demurrer
under the statute of limitations will finish
the case.
SEALING KEGULATIONS.
Fifty Copies Arrive ut Last at the I
Custom-House From Washington.
The sealing regulations for 1896 have !
at last arrived from Washington, about j
fifty ijopies having been received at the!
Custom-house. Only two or three of the l
Ban Francisco fleet have put to sea, the i
others having preferred to wait until copies i
of the new regulations came.
As is pretty well known by this time, the !
regulations require the sealers to take out ■
special licenses and carry distinctive flags.
A recent letter from the Treasury Depart- !
ment to Collector Wise emphasized the j
necessity of taking out the licenses whether
Intending to hunt within tne area of the |
Paris award or not, as any craft caught in
the award area would be liable to seizure
if not possessed of such a license on the
presumption that it was there for the pur
pose of hunting seals.
By the act of Congress of April 6, 1894,
giving effect to the award of the Pans Tri-
Dunal of Arbitration, sealing within the
sixty-mile zone around the Pribilov Isl
ands is positively forbidden, and in the
award area it is forbidden during tlie close
season (May, June and July). Sealing
within the waters of the award area is per
j raitted at any other time of the year, pro-
I vided the act and the regulations are
j complied with as to special licenses, flags,
j liglft 1 ?, logbook entries, reports and char
acter of weapons used. The award area
| extends from the Pacihc Coast westward to
i the one hundred and eightieth meridian of
longitude and its south Jimit is the thirty*
fifth parallel of north latitude. Sealers
are in the area as soon as outside the
Golden Gate.
Ttie important changes in the new
regulations are: First, a requirement that
vessels carry at night two vertical lights of
l.atural color in a conspicuous position, at
leMt ten feet above the'deck and visible in
clear weather at least one mile; second,
that all vessels bound for .Bering Sea must
first report to the revenue cutter officer at
Atton Island or the Deputy Collector of
Customs at Unalaska, which oHicers shall
proDerly secure under seal the guns and
ammunition of the vessels so reporting
and attest their logbooks, and, third, that
ail masters of vassels shall report their
catches to the Custom-houses at the re
tarn ports and verify their logbooks.
Their logs must be scrupulously Kept in
every detail. •
Wanted for Forgery.
Philip Posner, a grocer at Hayes street.
swore out a warrant in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday for the arrest of Morris Cohen ou
the charge of forgery. A few days ago Posuer
cached & check for $25 for Cohen which pur
ported to be signed by Charles 1.. Miller and
was drawn on the Welis-Furgo Company.
Tin' Darlings to Separate.
'*• 0. I. Darling, a conductor oil a MarKet-street
cable-car, yesterday tiled papers iii the Supe
rior Court asking for a divorce from his wife,
who is now In New. Jersey. The ground on
which ' Darling is seeking the divorce, as al
leged in the complaint, is desertion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896.
POSTPONED THE COTILLON
Oakland's Leap • Year Event
Deferred Owing to a Sad
Bereavement.
IN SOCIETY'S GAY WHIRL.
Surprise Gatherings — Engagements
Announced— Parties to Take
Place— Personals.
The leap»year cotillon of the benedicts
and bachelors of Oakland did not take place
Wednesday night, owing to the death of
John W. Coleman, whose daughter was to
have led the march. The dance has been
postponed till Wednesday next, January 15.
The San Francisco Fruit and Flower
Mission has removed from 420 Post street
to 631 Sutter.
Miss Simon will give a dancing party
next Saturday evening at her parents' res
idence, 1640 Pine street.
Mr. and Mrs. W. 1. Kip gave a very
handsome dinner party last evening in
honor of their second daughter. Miss Mary
Kip. The house was beautifully decorated,
and Huber's orchestra played during the
service of the dinner. The affair wound
up with an informal dance.
Thursday evening a genuine surprise
was tendered Miss May Cooper at her
home on Twenty -first street. The evening
was most delightfully spent in singing,
dancing and games.
On Saturday last Mrs. D. N. Xeustadter
of 1701 Van Ness avenue gave a luncheon
and matinee party at the Baldwin to a
number oi young lady friends.
Miss Rose Neustadter, who has been so
extensively entertained, left for Europe
Saturday night with her father and
mother. They go directly to Italy, where
they yvill men Mr. and Mrs. Henry Neustad
ter of Now York. A reception for the San
Franciscans will be held in Nice.
A very enjoyable surprise party was tendered
to Miss Mac Johnston on Friday evening at the
residence of her parents, 541 .Simpson avenue.
Oakland. Music" and games were participated
in till the wee sin a* hours. The guests were
Hisses Kate Merklin»er of Reno, New, Nell
Mulvey of San Francisco, Edith Heine,
Stephanie Tish, May belle Carpenter, Belle
Mackinnon, Mac Johnston, Lizzie Ling, Teresa
Daul, Clara Stickney, ' Amy Deacon, Maud
Johnston, Mora Manning, Edith Yolk, Mac
Manning, Maggie JSartelme, Edith Charlton,
Mac Peters, Ella Jordan, Grace Wat
son, Effie Shull, Edith Snow, Bes
sie Tallman. Maggie McDonald, Gertie
Hutchinson. Grace Foster, Messrs. waterman
and James Mulvey of San Francisco, Wiusiow
Blethen, Tom Eimgh, Keyster Taylor, George
MacKinnon, Clinton and John de Lancey,
Koger chubby Will Johnston. George Reeve's,
Frank Burns, George Clark, Will Barrels, Bob
Ling, Will Lancaster, Fred, McMath, Milton
Fairbanks, Ed Hume, Harry White, Harry
Anderson, Charley Dutton, Frank Jordan,
Louis Upton, Johnie Ox.
Last Thursday evening Mrs. E. noffmeyer
Paulsen gave a beautiful muMcalc at tue resi
dence of Mrs. B. Kruil, Alabama street, with
some of her pupils, who all gave honor to the
excellent teacher. The assisting pupils were:
The Misses Agnes Anderson, Margrethe and
Marie Sanderniss, Lulu Lucky, Lydia Kruil
and Nelson Lucky. The festival closed with a
few songs of the Paulsen double quartet, Scan
dia. Present were her numerous friends, who
all wished her great success for the coming year.
On Saturday afternoon last. January 4, the
. Misses Bessie Mid Bernice Wilson and Master
Alex. Wilson entertained their friends at a very
enjoyable juvenile party given at their home,
2225 Broadway. The entire house was beauti
fully decorated, and. the smiling faces and
bright costumes of the children among the
bowers of evergreen and roses, made a very
effective picture. The entertainment con
sisted of dancing and games, also of fancy
dancing by Marie critcher, Olga Herman,
Bessie Wilson and others. Tne distribution of
prizes and booby prizes created a grenl deal of
merriment for the little folks, after which re
freshments were served under directions of
Ludwig, the caterer, and at 0 o'clock, just be- I
fore the young guests reluctantly departed,
Tabor was sent for to take a flashlight picture
of the merry gathering. Among those
present were the Misses Alice and Bessie
Barkley, Gertie Freeze, Ruth Robertson,
Mabel Luce, Johanna Volkmann, Ethel Lau
nieister, Ethel and Helene Speyer, Laura.Swit
ter, Winnifred Leavy, Ivy Pennine, Virginia
Brlssac, Elsie aim Mabel Zeile, Mabel Butler,
Mabel, Callie and Flossie C luff. Rose Drucker,
Bertie Benzel, Edith Cutter, Ethel Ferguson,
Olga Herman, Marie Critcher, Flora Jacobi,
Alice Haas, Cornelia Curtis, Amelia Simpson,
Louvie and Frankie Butler, Emma and Annie
Kenyon, Genevieve Schultz, Lolita Heyneman,
Edna Meyers. Bessie and Berniee Wilson; also
Masters Geoff ry, Walker and Rector Graves,
Waller Freese, Alex McXichol, Walter Heyne
man, August Drucker, Alex Wilson, Arthur
and Alfred Swinnerton, Daniel and William
Volkmann, Harold Butler, Ulysses Johnson !
Percy Pike, Laurence Bufford, Louis Wineman,
Arthur Ellert. Willie Kahraan. Roy Luce
Matthew Dullingham, Willie Barkley, Sheldon
Potter,- Harry Robertson, Leopold and Peter
Semenerfo and Charles Laumeister.
A very pleasant surprise party was tendered
Mr. and Mrs. Plath, at their residence, 2733 : *
Bryant avenue, Saturday evening, upon their
return trip from Southern California. The
evening was spent in singing, dancing and
feasting. Those present were Mr. and Mi-
H. Plath, Mrs. M. Grotheer, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Hakrus, Mr. and Mrs. F. Micheelsen, Mr. and
Mrs. N. A. Beck, Mr. and Mr-. A. C. Friis, the
Misses Mary, Florence and Kate Friis, Miss L.
Hansen, Miss E. Hextruin, Mr. Gibson, Mr.
Chas. <". Grotheer, Mr. Chas. C. Garneau and
Mr, Hector A. Friis. ;?.;?,W; j
Mr. and Mrs. Holje gave * New Year's party
at their residence, 1235 I'otrero avenue, in
honor of their daughters, the Misses Daisy and
Rose. The guests, a laige number of whom
were schoolmates of the young ladies, began
to arrive at 5 o'clock. Supper was served at 7
o'clock, after which dancing was in order till
11 o'clock, when light refreshments were
served. ; Dancing was resumed until 12
o'clock, when the new year was appropri
ately ushered in with great noise and
gayety. Games were indulged in and
musical selections contrived to help
pass the evening.' The yards surrounding
were hung with lanterns, while within were
decorations of greens and berries. One alcove
was draped .. with "the red and the gold" in
honor of the school and before seating them
selves at the supper table the school cry was
given. At an early hour 1890 all adjourned,
having spent a very pleasant time on the last
day of the old year and the early part of the
new year. The youthful hostesses weere
assisted in receiving by Mrs. Holje' and Miss
Lillie Holje. Those present were: Miss Mar
guerite McCarthy, Miss Louise Poiter, Miss
Mabel Rice, Miss Freda Kleuck, Miss Grace
Wiener, Miss Edith Kohlbcrg, Miss Leslie* Grin
nell, Miss Rey Del Valle, Miss- Fannie Redlick,
Miss Bert Kinsey, Miss Kate Kinsey, Miss
Ada McDowell, Miss Lillie Holje", Miss
Edith Cousins, Miss Cornelia Duperu, Mr.
and Mrs. Holje, Miss Fannie Earle, Miss
Rita Merrill, Miss Rena Trigg, Miss Tillle
Ohlandt, Miss Rose Kern, Miss Antoinette
Schoelhorn, Miss Daisy Holje, Miss Rose Holje,
Miss Myrtle Hoije, Miss Violet May Holje, Miss
E. Holje. William Case, William Kohlberg,
Earl Scott, Alfred Clarke, Frank Gruss, Percy
Pettigrew, Harold Forbes, Dewitt Mac Donald,
Charles Zinns, Alex Meyer, Artie liovrnc, Sid
ney Hamilton, Jerome Hamilton, George
Holmes, Wesley Hatch, Clarence Tillmau, Will
Duperu, James Castle, Irving Daly, Walter
Radins. : , - : .
i The wedding of Frank P,owers ami Miss
Sophie Kaufman will take place on Monday,
the 13th inst., at 5 o'clock, at the residence of
the bride's parents, 1009 Mason street. The
guests will be restricted to the families and im
mediate relatives of the contracting parties.
The wedding of Miss Bertha Silverstone and
Louis Birnbaum will take place at the homo
oi the bride's mother, 12^2 Ellis street, Sun
day, January 12.
The wedding of Charles J. Keyer and Miss
Mary Eliza Clark, daughter of O. -X. Clark, all
of this City, took plare on Sunday evening,
January 5 inst., at the Mission Dolores Church,
in presence of family and friends. After thu
ceremony, rendered by the Rev. Father Glea
son, congratulations, mus-ie and a most excel
lent supper were indulged in at the residence
of the bride's parents, 320b Guerrero street,
concluding which' the bride and groom pro
ceeded to their own home, which haa been es
pecially provided, and the guests continued
the festivities until a late hour. The presents
were numerous and handsome, and the home
was beautifully decorated with lloral offerings.
The bride was attended by Miss Joste Cadigan,
\V. F. Korcross, her escort, and Mr. Thomas
Dennis, groomsman.
The engagement is announced of Miss Flor
ence Green, dHU^IiK r of A. Green, to Charles
l^f.ac. They will be pleased to receive their
friends on Sunday, January 1!>, at IJlo
Ellis itreet, between 2 and 5 p. m.
The engagement is announced of Miss .losie
Burnett to Kngene Behrendt of Los Angeles.
Tiny will receive Sunday, January 12, irom 2
to <;, at 1701 Geary street.
The Young Men's Hebrew Union will give
tlieir tenth annual Purim masque ball on Feb
ruary 16, Sunday, at the new Js. S. G. \V. Hall.
As Purim is a great Jewish festival the Young
Men's Hebrew Union has never failed to prop
erly celebrate it by giving, as is their custom
yearly, a Purim prize masque ball. This year
the committee of arrangements intends to
eclipse all previous affairs.
The- eleventh party oi the Golden Gates, on
Thursday evening, January 9, will be a leap
year party, to take place at California Hall,
620 Bush street.
The Columbia's Dancing Club will give their
second party at Union-square Hall on Friday
evening, January 17.
The season of 1890 wih be opened by the
Verdis Cotillon Club at Union-square Halloa
Friday evening, January 31.
The Native Sons of Vermont will give their
regular monthly entertainment and dance at
Odd Fellows' Hall on Friday evening next.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Wollner left Saturday night
on an extended Southern and Eastern tour.
The Misses U. and C. Wollikt will be at home
on the second Tuesday of each month.
Miss Madeline Esclienberg, daughter of Rod
ney Eschenberg of Gflroy, is the guest of Miss
Marieite Purraniore at her home, 1001 Guer
rero street.
Miss Mina Emery has returned to Healds
burg to resume her duties in school after a
brief visit with Mr. and Mrs. J. Charles Hall at
2105$ Lcavenworth street.
li. iJuucan, who was president of the Olym
pic Club in the days of Cremony, Monestery
mid oilier fencers of note, was visited and con
gratulated yesterday afternoon at his resi
dence, IS'JH Turk street, on account of his re
covery from a very long and severe illness.
David Stark ana Dr. Bertha M. E. Wagner,
who were married last Christmas day, have
returned from their tour among the orange
groves of Southern California, and have issued
"at home" curds for the first and third Friday
evening;!, 701 Twenty-first street, corner of
Valencia, after the 15th inst. Miss Wagner
and Mr. Stark were formerly residents of Vir
ginia and Carson, Nev., where, as well as ia
this City, they have many friends to wish them
happiness and prosperity.
WANT CAUCASIAN WAYS
Chinese Merchants Organize to
Learn Them and Get
Protection.
A Mutual Benevolent Association on
American Lines, but With
Chinese Ideas.
Chinatown is "'strictly ud to date," ac
cording to Tim Cox I}s.q., a young Chi
nese who speaks English fluently with a
slight French accent. Its latest exempli
fication of the fact above mentioned is the
incorporation under the laws of California
of a mutual benevolent association to pro
mote matrimony, the rearing of children,
good morals and manners, education and
charity among its members. This society
is to be Known as the Tim Yee Kon^ Sow
Benevolent Association of Low (^uong
Chang Chew.
"The Low Quong Chung Chew i 3 a so
ciety tliat lias existed in Uliina for the past
2800 years," Mr. Cox explained yesterday.
"Its membership is made up entirely of
those who can prove themselves lineal de
ecendants of the four great warriors whose !
fainiiy names make up the title of the {
organization. Though there are many j
inn Cox, the Organizer of Chinatowns'
First -Mutual Benevolent Association.
[From a photograph.]
eligible in San Francisco no society
has been organized until a month ago.
Then I took a tumble to myself,"
and. be -mi ed condescendingly as the
slang tripped from his tongue, "and inter
ested a number of wealthy merchants in
the idea. ;.■•"■'
"As a result, nearly 600 were found
ready to join such a society. I v.-as fly
enough to know that a white attorney
could help us. -So I went to see M. ?.[.
Foot* 1 , and he prepared our papers of in
corporation for us, and we are now a legal
body under the laws of this State all right,
all right." ' ;
In order to join, an applicant must bo
able to prove to the satisfaction of the in
vestigating committee his descent- from
either of the . great warriors— Low, Quoin:,
Chung or Chew. He must be a "law
abiding resident" of this State," and be
"imbued with a proper and due respect for
the great American Nation ana the laws
framed by Its Legislature." ■
The applicant pays a $•"> initiation fee.
Then, if accepted, he pays $2 50 annually
as dues, with an assessment now and then
for sick benefits, etc. In return for this he
receives the following benefit.-:
BENEFITS.
Section 1, On the marriage of any member this
association Shall don $10 as a bridal present
to encourage matrimony. . . .
See. 'J. Upon the birth of a child to the wife
of any member the association shall also donate
$10 to encourage the rearing nf.cUildrenl '• " • -
. v "c. 3. Should a member meet with- an acci
dent or be overtaken . by*siekness, poverty; old
age or infirmity, the society wiil make some
provision for. his support,' and if iii the case of "
old age or Infirmity he desires to return to
China ho will, upon application, be provided
with passage to China. . ■ , .
Sec. 4. Should death cut short a. member's
usefulness in this association the association
will donate $100 for funeral expenses.'. The
widows and orphans of the deceased member,
will be cared and provided for by the associa
tion.
One of the main aims of the society, Mr.
Cox explained, was to assist the' members
to understand American methods and
habits of speech. He announced that he
"pot close to himself" some time before.
Mr. Cox married a white eirl about five
years ago. He Bays that at the meetings
of the society American methods of gov
ernment will be discussed. Then he and
his wife and others who are expert Eng
lish scholars will devote an hour or so in
imparting their knowledge to their fellows.
The board of directors of the society are
Low Kong (Jam, Quan Kun, Chung Tong
Kee, Low Vim and Tim Cox. These are
all wealthy merchants and property
owners. Chew How is the president and
Tim Cox the secretary.
Mr. Cox was born in San Juan, Nevada
County. His parents took him to China
when he was little, but as the climate did
not agree with him he was brought back
to California by an uncle. On hi 3 return
he was taken into the family of George W.
CoJt, a mining engineer, then in charge of
the Sierra Onion Water and Mining Com
pany, and by him raised to manhood and
educated. When 21 years old Tim came
to this City, and soon married. He is now
cook for E. C. Burton, the caterer, but as
soon as the Tim Yee Kong Sow Benevo
lent Association of Low Quong Chune
Chew gets to running smoothly he win
devote himself entirely to its affairs.
The game of picquet was invented" un
der Charles Vfl. Tbe game of whist is
mentioned by Cotton in 1680. by Pope in
1715 in an epistle to Martha Blount, and in
the "Beuux's Stratagem," published in
1707.
TO PAVE FOLSOM STREET.
An Appropriation of $35,000
Recommended to Begin
the Work.
NEARLY PRECIPITATED A ROW.
A Property-Owner Who Would Not
Give the Supervisors a Chance
to Talk It Over.
Tired of being shuffled about by the
Board of Supervisors and prodded for its
lack of decisive action by the property
owners, the Street Committee of the board
has at last taken a determined stand on
the question of converting Folsom street
into a bituminized boulevard, and at the
next regular meeting will ask for an ap
propriation of $35,000 to begin the work
at once.
When the committee met yesterday
morning G. L>. Shadburne and A. B.
Maguire, representing the property-owners
along Folsom street, were present to
press the claims of the boulevard and as
certain why the board had so long delayed
action in the matter.
', Mr. jßhadburne said that in the light of
recent events it appeared very much to the
residents of the , south side of Market
street that that, portion of the City was
beirfg slighted to allow the efforts of the
Street department to be directed to the
north side. 1 ' Me thought that while the
money in improving the streets of
the north side was' being expended in a
good cause the south side should not be
forgotten and that there was one place
: where the. money could be used to the
utmost advantage— the Folsom boulevard.
i Supervisor Hughes wanted to know
whether the property-owners thought that
$25,000 would be sufficient to do the work
contemplated. Mr. Maguire replied that
the sum named would not pay the bills by
$75,000. •• He thought that the board
. should appropriate at least $100,000. to do
S the work.
j Supervisor .Benjamin protested that in
: the present state of the City treasury such
1 an amount was out of the question as the
I City's, money was divided into specific
I funds and none of them could stand a
draft of $100,000.
i Maguire persisted in demanding tnat the
j amount asked by the property-owners be
! appropriated and in consequence he came
i near being thrown out of the committee
room. As is the custom when a petitioner
' has finished ■ his "address 'tile bailiff re
quested him.to retire so that the commit
tee might have an opportunity to discuss
the matter wit.. out interruption. This
seemed to anger Maguire, for he pro
tested .loudly, against leaving, saying:
"This is a free country and I have aright
to do as I please."
The employe of the board insisted that
it was a rule of the committee that peti
tioners should retire while their claims
were being discussed and that he could
await, a decision outside. He again de- '
i manded that Maguire make use" of the
door that had been opened for his exit.
'•I will not go out!" shouted Maguire, ;
I "1 am going to stay here until I see what
! this committee Intends to do."
Bailiff Donald did not waste any more
words, but prepared to peel off his coat.
and when he saw that an ejectment, iii
j which lie would play a star part, was im-
I minent, Magu'ire went out, muttering pro
i tests at every step.
Alter he had gone the committee de- i
bated the matter at length, each member
expres&UiK ■■■ the opinion ; : that '■> the -work'
should be done, but that no such sum aa
; 100,000 could be spent during the present,
year. It was decided to advocate the ap
j propriatioH: of $35,000 at ones and such
I mrtiier sums in t tie future as were needed
or could be spared.- • , -;•„ .
!j In order to define i's position in ' the
I matter the following report, Which will be
presented at the meeting of the board next
' Monday, was adopted: "',',' '^'.v, '
! In the matter of repairing Folsorn street
] with bituminous pavement, your committee
I fuels that the property-owners on said street,
| in their representations, have been unjust to
! the members of your committee who'- navy
always been in favor of and supported the mo
tion to make an appropriation /or the special
I purpose, but the board refused to sanction or
allow such appropriation 10 be male.
. Your committee has been met with the
j statement, in their advocacy of this matter of
I repairing streets with bituminous pavement
j which have been heietofore paved and a<
i cepted, that it has been established as.a cus
tom that property-owners contribute their
quota to such improvement; that in the action
on -Van Ness avenue and other streets cited,
I wnere a change of pavement was desired
j by the property-owners, the City and County
has only contributed in the case of i Van Ness
I avenue one-hall "of the expense, and lor .other
blocks the sum 01 $750. . '■ - • * ■ ■ ■
. Theseicxpenditures, it la claimed, were made,
: toeuable the property-owners to have a smooth,
ductile, bituminous pavement, and : Unit the
board believed in aiding these. improvements,
that they were of mutual advantage, and .1 that
in the matter of Folsom street, so strenuously
] urged, no Intention or disposition has J been
shown 10 contribute 1 on the same lines as
■ adopted in other cases. . - • •
It is proper to state that the members of your
i committee do not hold and never held such
1 opinions, because, tinder the law, after accept
ance of a street, It was and is the opinion of.
your committee that the City should pay for
all improvements.. Your committee recom-
I mends that the sum of $35,000 be appropriated
] out of moneys unexpended in the Street Depart
ment fund tor the repaying of Folsom street
i with bituminous rocK.the work to commence
jon FolFOm street from- Nineteenth street
I easterly. - ■ : / : \K'. '■'.-,;■ v :
i"■ • ■
NEW TO-DAY.
*^lf l ets -
V EXTRA QUALITY
With each pound is given a ;
LOVELY DISH i;
Newest Shapes i; -
J - Prettiest Decorations
ALSO GIVEN WITH
GOLIMA PURE SPICES,
COLIMA BAKING POWDER.
Great American liortii Tea Co.
Sew Store ■ Vi l UJ,?ffS'*il|
. I' t 140 Sixth at.
■ .. - •' 905 Market at.. .
.«,.'-■ .!•■•.,.-...'. ■ »:i:i Hay st. ; ;-'
-.-■• •'■■!••- • - '■: ■■ ■ ■> 1419 Polk st. -'■'"•'
,-.■••> ••:>• ';■.:.-.-' i •••.-"• 531 Montg'jr are.
»008 FiUinwre at.
fH\t Wap/wi - SOO6 Sixteenth st.
lilY Olt/Ira. «r>lO Mission st. •
; . - ,  ; , 218 Third at.
'-.-,; '•'-■-.•. , ■■;;" .. : --■-... . 104 Second at.
'• '• 61~Kearnyat.
: ..•"■ . . . 146 Ninth "st.
•'a' ■■»-•■-'■'-> ; : : ; '«-'.•: !■:> 3«69 Mission st. , >
, . = < - . f mr,:) Wa«iiingt.»ii
■ ' AiL!)M/l '■" ; 1917 Broadway.';
VtlalililU. i ) 131 San Pablo ay.
' >.'•••,. '.;.;' 1 61 6 Twelfth st
Sl'lllKilll (Park at. and *
AlliilK till- J Alamedaare.
'; . Headquarters — B!J Market St., S. F.
49* We Operate 100 Stores and Agencies. .
A I-;"- 1 Write for Fri<x List.
:._'......--'-■- r - NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. • ■ i
BUY YOUR MUSLIN UNDERWEAR NOW!
Buy it from us a ml save the work, the sewing and considerable on the cost of
• every garment. We are close on to inventory time and the orders have gone
forth to us to "Close all lines of MUSLIV U3DERWEAR that have been in the
house longer than last season."
HERE'S THE LIST OUR UNDERWEAR SIAMGER HAXDED US:
CORSET COVERS AT 15 Cts., 25 Cts., 75 Cts., 98 Cts.
A - | _ +q We show Cambric Corset Covers, pleated down the front and edged
/A. I 1^ WLo. with embroidery around the neck, also a line Black Cambric,
which have been reduced from 29c and 39c each. ' t : .
M-PY7i. c \V e show Cambric Corset Covers in both square and V shapes,
•^•^ vloi trimmed with embroideries and laces. Reduced from 60c and 65c.
Mfm. _ C*4-c. We snow fine Cambric and Nainsook Corset Covers, with yokes of
/5 »W» embroideries and laces and elaborate trimmings. Reduced from
$1, $1 25 and $1 50. : > 7 v;: "
A - |-|ft C"f C We show Cambric and Nainsook Corset Covers in both square and
r\l MO via. V shapes, yokes of the most exquisite Torchon and Valenciennes
B laces, some with ribbon drawn work, and all most elaborately
' trimmed. This line includes all our tine grades, ranging up to aa
high as $2 50 apiece.
I LADIES' NIBHT ROBES AT 25 Cts. and $1.00.
M^C fc We show a lot of Muslin Night Robes, made of good muslin and
**■ *• . ■^*-' trimmed with a ruffle around neck and down the front. Reduced
from 50c. . ■■'''.
A"f € 1 f\C\ We show over 1000 different garments, including our entire former
t\l l.\J\J ii ne3 that sold asl 50, $1 7."., ?1 85 and $2 each. They are all ele-
gant garments, made with beautiful yokes of embroidery, laces
and tucks, and with elaborate work on the collars and cuffs. This
- . i ■■• particular line is head and shoulders above any similar offer ever
made in this city and well worthy of your attention.
LADIES' DRAWERS AT 50 Cts. and 75 Cts.
\ x cfi ftc c Bnow a collection of Ladies' Fine Muslin Drawers, some
*» L 5" wlo» trimmed with tucks and Valenciennes laces, others with tucks and
1 tine embroideries, and all marked down for this sale from lines
'. tnat were 75c, 90c and $1 each.
M_C Cf^ We show an exquisite line made of cambric muslin, some trimmed
*^L, y«5 vlo. with tucks and insertions and edgings of Torchon and Valen-
ciennes laces, others witn ribbon drawn work and others with deep
embroidery flounces; they are the styles that comprised our
former lines selling at $1 25 and $1 50 each.
LADIES' CHEMISES AT 75 Cts. Each.
A 4. *7_ /"*■<-£ We have massed together a number of different styles of Ladies'
*» I '5 \.j» Chemises, made of the best quality of muslin, both square and V-
shaped neck>, trimmed witn deep Nainsook edgings; qualities
that sold for $1 and $1 25 each.
. LADIES' SKIRtS AT 25 Cts. and 50 Cts.
\4. _cC^ c We siiow a line of Ladies' Muslin Skirts, with tucks and deep hem
r\ I JiO wlSi a the bottom; also others with hem and lace edge all around;
each one contains fully -We worth of muslin, to say nothing of the
work.
\4. —f\ (* 4. c We show during this sale lines of Ladies' Muslin Skirts that have
t\. I §v/ \mf Lis. been marked down from 75c, 85c and ?1 each they are all made of
good quality muslin and finished with. ruffles and deep hems at
. the bottom. '. _ ' • •. - ■»■'-'/•■'■: "
SOME OF EACH OF THE ABOVE LIVES ARE OX DISPLAY I\' OUR FROST WINDOW.
LADIES' JACKET SALE-Siuiming Values at $1. $1 50, $2 50, $3 50 and $5 Each.
LADIES' SUIT SALE— Marvelous Values at $1 50, $2 50, $5 and $7 50 Each.
/^""^tV : ' • . .. ; .
3Vtua.^iz-3^2Z!;rs7 .A-rsrxj taylor streets.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I : STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT.
WE ARE SELLING CHEAP.
We air- pleased to state to our numerous cus-
tomers who have been awaiting the arrival of our
celebrated ALASKA skai, SHOES that the
shipment arrived yesterday, and w« are now . pre-
pared to supply their demands. The Alaska Seal
.-hues are, guaranteed to be waterproof, and as
they are easy on the feet and give good wear they
are ready sellers, and the price,
53.00,
Is within the reach of all. We carry them in Lace
: and Congress, with medium broad toes and tip 3
i and double soles. We also carry them for Youths
I and Boys at the following prices: . :• ••
Youths', sizes 11 t0 2.......... .....51 75 .
■"•• Hoys', sizes 2y 2 to 6y 2 .... £3 00
Ladles who wear Oxford Ties should take notice
I that we are selling Cloth-Top Oxfords with Don-
'"■ gola Kid Vamt'S. with either pointed or medium
square toes, with patent-leather tips, for $1 60.
These Oxfords, being hand-turned, are very , easy
on the feet and require no breaking In. They nra
neat fitters and wear well and retail regularly for
$2.00.
■'• ■■■ ' m f f" j^ IP ~Qtf **:^J '
.. ..'I übs /ft jg |
Parents are reminded that we carry the best
School Shoes in this city, and that we are prepared
to cell them cheaper than our competitors. We
are selling Dongola Kid Buttons with patent-
leather tips, or Genuine Pebble Grain Buttons
with spring heels, double soles and toecaps, at the
following low prices: *.; '
'Child's, sizes Bto lOV2 .;.......... $0 If,
' Misses', sizes 11 t0 '2.... 100
WE HAVE NOT MOVED.
j»"Conntry orders solicited.
j^rbend for New Illustrated Catalogue .
Address ; - : ■ .-• . - :
r B. KATCHINSKI,
10 Third Street, San Frauctieo.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TbRM
OK THE URBAN' SCHOOL, AT 3184 CAM-
fornia street, will begin on MONDAY, 'en. 6,
: 1896. Mr. C. Brier will begin his lectures on Phy-
-1 sios early in the coming year. A department for
, very young boys will be added to the school.
JS'ATHAN W. MOOKK, Prlcnipal.
."■■■: ■
NOTICE FOR BIDS.
Notica Inviting Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordi-
nance providing for the issuance and sale of
bonds for the town of Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the said town of Lincoln for
tire and other municipal purposes, pa&sed and
approved tne 17th day of December, l»9, r i,
ordained that there shall be issued by tne said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $500 each, bearing Interest at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by the
Boar.l of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to sell said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date tho
first Monday in January, 1896, and are to ba
numbered consecutively from one to forty, botU
inclusive, the first bond to be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1397. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be mada
payable on the first Monday in January in each
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, in the said
town of Lincoln, Placer County, State of Cali-
fornia, and to each of said bonds there is to be
attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond in ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be received by the clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at his office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice np to the hour of 7 o'clock p. m. of the
31st day of January, 1890, and that thereafter
said bonds will be sold by the Board of Trus-
tees of said town to the highest and best bid.
der for cash in gold coin of tne United States.
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to accept or ieject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. Said bonds
will be delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bondsof the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty, both
Inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must bo
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the same are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
the purchase price payable to the said town of
Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving notice
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and payf or
same as delivered; ami thm a failure to take
up and pay for same within the time herein
specitied shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself,
and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be held and considered as liquidated
damages; and said undertaking may be sued
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages. A deposit
in the United States postoffice of said town .if
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deliver said
bonds signed by the said clerk of the said town
and wita the seal of said town allixed, ad-
dressed to the purchaser of said bonds at his
place of business or residence as stated in his
bid for said bonds, piepaid, shall be deemed
and taken to bo notice to tho purchaser from
the date of such deposit, and there shall also
be embodied in said undertaking the pur-
chaser's asseut to the form and sufficiency of
such notice.
Dated December 31, 1893.
F. L. Zanders, Town Clerk.
11
.12
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MAKKET-..
Silver a fraction off.
Wheat firm. Barley strorger.
Oats dv:mced again.
Corn strong.
Hay In shape.
Heans itlll neglected.
Feedst ufts unchanged.
Potatoes and onions steady.
B::'ter higher. Eggs lower.
Poultry and Game steady.
1 m s advanced. Oranges dull.
1 •: .. I Fruits show no motion.
Provisions dull and easy.
i! 1 les and Leather unchanged.
Coal shows seme variation.
WKATHXB BVBEAU REPORT.
I"NITKI> States Department OF Aghicdl
ti ii>. Weathkk Bckkau, San Francisco, Jan
uary 9. 1596, 5 r. ii.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last year:
Eureka 16.90, last season 22.20; Bed Bl oil 6.66,
last season 17.1.; San Francisco 4.10. last season
18.67: Fresno 1.11, last season 7.18; San Luis
Ohlspo 4.00, last season 15.32; Los Angeles 1.71,
las: season 8.51; .San Diego 1.57, last season 3.20;
Yuma .32, last season 2.21.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stat lona in California to day: iiureka
M. Ked Uluff6O. .Sun Francisco 61. Fresno 62, In
d«pcndence 62. San Lnis Obispo 70. Los Angeles
i)ti. San Die^o 76. V inn 74.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 45, mean 53.
The area of high pressure which has been rural
for -lie past six days over Utah, Southern Idaho
i.n.i Eastern Nevada continues with Blight diminu
tion or energy. The pressure has risen rapidly
over the Northern l-acilic coast and has fallen
rapidly alone the California coast. An area of low
pressure exists along the northern frontier between
the mountains and the great lakes. There is also
an area of low pressure off the coast of Southern
California. The temperature has remained nearly
Stationary over the entire country west of the
Rocky Mountains. Cloudy weather prevails this
evening from the fortieth parallel northward.
Threaten weaiher and light rains are imminent
alon^ the entire California coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight January 10, 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy weather and prob
ably light rain In the northwestern and coast por
tions; stationary temperature; fresh easterly
winds.
Southern California— Increasing cloudiness and
possibly light rains alone the coast; stationary
temperature: easterly winds.
Nevada— Fair: stationary temperature.
Utah— Fair; stationary temperature.
Arizona— Fair; stationary temperature.
Nan Kranclsco and vicinity— Cloudy weather, and
probably lisjht rains; stationary temperature;
fresh easterly winds.
A. Me A DTK, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 9.— The stock mar
ket to-da- was dull, but the dullness was more
than mi up by tie strength, l '■•• bears seemed
anxious to i educe their short lines, and to this is
attributed the attempt mad- to smash Lather
preferred and Manhattan. it was said that the
drive at these stocks was made with a view of de
moralizing holders of granger and other leading
shares. Instead of acoo plish i g its object nearly
the entile list ruled strong from start to h'nish, ;
and each slight reaction brought in buyers, with
the result o: establi liing the higher quotations rul
ing before the raids.
Higher cables from London, the ease in money
on cull, with lisht withdrawals of gold from the
sun-treasury and the belief that arrangements
have be^n perfected to assist the treasury in case
offuruier heavy withdrawals were the important
bull factors. ("here was also less talk, of probable i
large shipments of gold by Saturday's steamers, ;
The advance in prices was equal to %@134 per
cent; Lackawanna, tobacco, sugar. New Jersey
Central, Louisville and Nashville and the gran
gers leading. Among the specialties, rubber com
mon rose 23 8 and Metropolitan Traction 18.
Manhattan rose 1 to 98%, fell to 96%. and
closed at 9714. Rumors were afloat that ihecity
taxes on the property would he increased, but, the
matter Is already before the Court of Appeals, and
a decision is expected at lime. Until this is
decided it Is hardly to be expected that any effort
will be made by the city authorities to put on
more traias. Leather preferred broke from 60y 3
to 58V2' and stories were afloat that the company
was trying to secure a loan of $2,000,000. It was
also said that the payment of the dividend would
in all probability be postponed. The stock closed
hi 573 g . Speculation left off firm in tone. The
sales were 168,700 shares.
Bonds were higher. Sales were $1,713,000.
Brooklyn Elevated sixes rose li. to 102; Chicago
and Northern Pacific fiv a certificates, 1 to 38; i
Ann Arbor fours. 1 to 69: Fulton Elevated firsts,
2to 62; Kansas and Texas seconds, I to 66y 2 ; do
lours. I to 83; Northern Pacific seconds, 1 to"l 01 :
do thirds, 6 to 69; do consol fives, 2 to 33y.>;
Reading fours, unstamped, 2% to 83%; Texas
Pacific firsts, I 1 to BH%.
In Government bonds $5000 registered fours of
1907 sold at 109.
<.rain.
FLOUR— DuII; unchanged. Southern flour-
Dull, unchanged. Rye flour— easy, ?2 55@
2 95. Buckwheat flour, $1 30.
CORNMEAL— DuII; steady.
RYE— Unchanged.
BARLEY— Unchanged.
WHEAT— DuII, tinner. No. 2 red, store and
elevator, 69@70Vic; f. o. b., 69 3 ,4<<|.71c: ungraded
red, 65f&73c: No. 1 northern, 68 : -4(p>t>9c.
Options were moderately active and irregu
lar, closing firm at. i, 8 e advance through war talk
ana local covering, .May most active. Nn. 2, red.
January, 67 1 c; March, 69Vic: May, 67%; June
and July, 67c.
CORN — Dull, steady. No. 2, 35S/ 8 c elevator:
865' c afloat.
Options closed steady at y«c decline. May most
active. January, 35% c; February, 33% c; Slay,
35y»c: July. 3634 c,
OATS — Quiet, firmer. Options dull, firm.
January and February, 24c; May. 24 1 2 c. Spot
prices: .No. 2. 241/ic; No. 2 white, 2&y 2 c: No. 2
Chicago, i.'sl/ic: No.. 3, 2334 c: No. 3 white.
24i- 2 c: mixed Western, 24"' 3 (a.25 1 ;>c; while do
and white state. 25@2Sa
FEED BKAN— 57y><S62y 2 c.
MIDDLINGS— S7y 2 1&65 c. Rye feed, 60@62y 2 c.
Provisions.
BEEF— Firm, unchanged. 'Beef hams, quiet.
f)5 50; tierced beef quiet : city extra India mess,
$15 50;<£16 00; cut meats, firm; pickled bellies,
4" h e; do shoulders, 4i 4 c: do hams, t>@SVic.
■ LAKH- Qniet; stronger. Western steam. $5 80:
city. |SS9@5 40: January, 85 60; May, $6 10;
refined. dull, Continent. $6 15; south America,
$6 40: compound, $4 62Va@5.
PORK— nrm. Mess. $10@10 50.
BUTTER— Fancy, steady, fair demand: Hta'e
dairy, 12@22c; do June. 16@22c; do creamery. 18
&23c: Western dairy, ll@18c; do creamery, 18
(i-'Sc: doJune, 16&21% c; do 'factory,- 10@17c:
Kleins, 16c; imitation creamery, 14<5i19c: rolls, 9
(a- 12c.
CHEESE— Finn, fair demand: State large, 514
(allic; do fancy. 10c; do small, 7*4® 10 Vie;
W* stern small. 9V±@loy±: part skims, 3Vife7c;
full skims, 2f0,3c.
EGGS— DuII, weak. State and Pennsylvania, '20
@25c; Southern, 2o@23c: icehouse, 17@20c; West
ern fresh, 21@24c; limed, 18c,
TALLOW —Firmer, oetter demand.. City, 3%c:
country. 3%e,
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, firm. Crude, 24©
24% c; yellow, prime, 28 Vic; do, off grade, 2714
@27%e. . . .. . ,
1 .-.in— Dull, easy. Strained, common to eood
f 1 60<a>l 62y~. 5 '
TCRPENTINB— Firmer, Sl@3iy 2 a
I'OTATOEs— Quiet, weak. Sweets, $2@4 75.
RICE— unchanged.
MOLASSES— demand. New Orleans, open
kettle, unchanged: choice, 27fi37c.
COFFEE— steady, 10 to 15 points up. January
113 50: March, 812 90(213; June, $12 30®
112 35: September, $1160; October, $11 75- De
cember, $11 45i01i 60. Spot Rio, dull: No. 7, 14c
SL'OAK-Kaw, dull, sieady: fair refining, 33/ 8 c
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%e. Refined, quiet. y 8 @i,4c
lower; off A, 4 1 / 2@4sgc: mold A, sygc: standard
A, 4 1' B c;' confectioners' A, 43.4 c: cut loaf, 5%c
--crushed, 5 1 ■,>■; powdered, 5Vg«: granulated, 4%
@sc; cubes, SVaC
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS—Apricots-Bags, 10%
&l'-'c- . .
, PEACHES— PeeIed. 15c; unpeelea, 63i@8%c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, 51 fa,-)i i c.
RAISIN — Loose .Muscatel 3c; do 3-crown, 3@
B%c; 4-crown. 4@43 / 4c; London layers, fc&cfg,
|] ..').
ALMONDS — Paper- shell, ]l@l2c; do. soft-
Blull. 9C4.9V2C.
WALNU'lS— Standard, 6y 2 @7c; ao soft-shell.
B%@loc.
HOPS— Quiet, unchanged; London market un
tbanxed.
WOOL — Firmer; unchanged.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— DuII, unchanged.
COPPER— Easy. Lake. $9 801310.
LEAD— Ka3>\ Domestic, $39305,
TlN— Easy. Straits, $13 10; plates, quiet.
fePELTEK— Nominal. Domestic, $3 85.
CHICAGO MAKKETS. .
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 9.— While the apprehen
live feeling in wheat was less pronounced this
morning than on either of the two days Just pre
vious, there was, nevertheless, some disquietude
HIM lingering in the market. This was evident
from the fact that a drop of a few fractions in Brit
!sli con sola subsequent to the opening was fo:
--owed by a sharp rise of y 2 c In the value of wheat.
[•he Cincinnati Price Current summary afforded
the market some firmness. "The start was rather
•asy, rlce, ruling unchanged to s/ 8 c under yes'er
lay's close. The recovery already mentioned then
look place, afier which comparative steadings
prevailed. Receipts at Chicago were 61 cars. With
lrawals from store were 39,211 bushels. The
Northwest received 538 cars, against 421 last
Thursday and 207 a year ago. Liverpool cables
*' re quiet and steady. Consols recovered later In
Jlie day and wheat then weakened an sold off with
in! nuy unusual event or happening in the trade.
b'xport clearances were large" at 490,000 bushels,
"losing Paris cables were lower, Benin were
aigher end Antwerp unchanged. Reports of corre-
Ipondence of anything but a peaceful nature be
i-verii Berlin and London caused another rally j
liter noon, sequent to which there was but lit- j
f.e in eiesi in the market. May wheat opened from
ISOyitC to 59V 8 c sold between 60y 8 <£605/ c and
S9-'Uf. closing at «o^i@6o-y B e. y 8 c higher than
resterday. .Estimated receipts for to-morrow 45
Sars.
CORN— The tone was * identical with that of
Cheat and the action similar, although less preten
tious fluctuations took place. The business wa*
not dirt', rent from the ordinary and nothing en j
titled 10 special notice transpired. Receipts were
341 cars and 3000 bushels were taken from store.
Liverpool cables were quiet, and unchanged. Ex
port clearances weret 276,766 bushels. May corn
opened at 29Vi»c, sold between 29y2@29S/ g c and
28% c Closing at 29VgC, a shade 11 oder yesterday,
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 601 cars.
OATS— There was a fair inquiry for oats, pre
sumably to cover shorts, and an early easy tone
was displaced by one of more firmness. Receipts
were 124 cars, and 141.467 bushels were taken I
from store. The tone suffered . some by the later
decline in wheat, and recessions occurred, but I
there was a recovery before the close. May oats j
closed unchanged from yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 134 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash. 93@93yic; May, 95S/ 4
@96i.4a Receipts were 17 cars.
PROVISIONS— The business in product was
active, ana prices were strong and higher at the
opening this morning, and while the activity was
not continuous, the strength was well maintained.
May pork closed 12y 3 c higher, May lard 10c
higher. May ribs 6@7y 2 c higher.
■ Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 675/ 8 c; May, 60i4@605/8C:
July, 608/iC
CORN— January, 263,4 c; May, 29Vsc; July,
30c.
OATS— January, 17y 2 c; May, 193-ic.
PORK— January, Si) 00; May, $9 92y 2 .
LARD— January, $5 55: May. $5 85.
Rlß>— January, $-1 65; May, $4 9f>.
MONEY— Was firm at 6 percent on call and
6rtS7 per cent on time loans. New York exchange
sold ii: Kb:- premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., Jan. The
arrivals of cattle to-day were smaller than ex
pected, and prices advanced 10c in consequence.
Offerings of hogs were light, and everything was
sold at an advance of 6(a;10c; the demand was
good. The supply of sheep was light, and prices
were firm.
CATTLE— Receipts, 9000. Common to extra
steers, $3 25@5 10: stockers and feeders, $2 60
(a3 80; cows and bulls, $1 60@3 80; calves, 83 25
&6 76.
HOGS— Receipts, 37.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 7053 95; common to choice
mixed, $3 70@3 95; choice assorted, $3 80@
3 95; light, $3 70@3 95: pigs, $2 90@3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 17.000. Inferior to choice,
$2@3 76; lambs, $3 50@4 90.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 3@7%; last loan at 6%
and closing offered at 6%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 7@9%. Bar silver, (56 !t 4c. Mexican dol
lars. f)2»4C. Sterling exchange is quiet, with
actual buuniess in bankers' bills at $4 87y 2 @4 873,4
for sixty d*ys and $4 89 for demand. Post
ed raf-H,"s4 BK<i,4 H9y 3 . commercial bills, $4 87y 2 .
Government bonds easier; State bonds quiet; rail
road bonds linn. Silver at the board was neglected.
CXOSINO STOCKS.
Am Tel Cable.... 93y 2 Norfolk & Wes:... 13,4
Atchisoiu. I3»i Preferred. 6y 4
Preferred -05/g North American... 4' 4
Adams Express. ..l4o Northern Pacific.. 2%
Alton, Haute. 58 I Preferred 11
American Express.lll j western 9714
American Tobacco. 78Va ! Preferred 141
Preferred 101 N. Y. Central 95
BayStateGas 19 N. Y. Chicago<fc3.L 11
Baltimore <s Ohio.. 37- Ist preferred tis
Brunswick Lands.. R /4 2d preferred 22
Buffalo, Roch &P. 19 N. Y.iN. H 175
Canada Pacific... 62 N. Y.JtNew Eng. 43
Canada Southern.. 47- , N. Y. Susq «& W... 8
Canton Laud &0" 8 Preferred 223,4
Central fart tic... UK - 2 Ontario 7Vij
Ches. & Ohio 14i/ 4 ;Ontario Western. Vi*A
Chicago Alton 163 Oregon lmprovmc. 21/4
l'reierrea 1 70 ! Preferred — —
Chicago, B. & Q.... 73y 3 Oregon Navigation. 15
Chicago «£ E. 111... 4-'z Oregon Short Line. 6
Preferred 95 j Pacific Mail '-4S/i
Chlcagouas 643/ 3 Peona. D.& Evans. 2y 3
Cleve<fc Pittsbur?.l6O Pittsburg it W pfd. 18
Consolidation Coal. 28Va Pullman Palace. ..lsl '
Consolidated Gas. .l43y a Quicksilver lV a
C. CCA St. Louis. --l-iSg Preferred 14 '
Preferred 83 .Reading 23, i
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 23y 3 ' RioGrande&Weetn 17
Preferred £8 j Preferred 40
Cotton Oil Cert.... lOs^Rock Island 64
Commercial Cable. |Rome\Vat«£Ogdenlls
Del. Hudson l.'4i/ 4 Bt. L. <t S. W ,4 .
Del.Lack&Westernlsß : Preferred. 9
Denver*K.G liy 2 St.Paul 67*4
Preferred i ■ 1 /™' re erred 130
Distillers 15y 2 St. Paul& Duluth. 23
General Electric... SM%| Preferred 85
trie 13y 2 Bt. Paul & Omaha. 33%
Preferred 20y 2 Preferred 12ii. 2
Fort Wayne 161 St. P. M. & M 110
GreaiNorihernpra.llo 'silver Certincat.... 67
Greenßay \' Southern Pacific. 20y 3
Harlem 280 soumern K. ii 8 1 •>
Hocking Coal 21,;, Preferred 24%
Hocking Valley... 15 Sugar Hennery.. 3
Homestake 27 I Preferred 96
H. & Texas Cent-. lVi Term. Coal A Iron. 24: ( i
Illinois Centra!.... 89 :t Preferred 100
lowa Central 7y 2 Texas Pacific 734
Preferred 26 ToI.A.A.A N.Mich.
Kansas <£ Texas.. - 10 1 01. & Ohio Cen.... 30
Preferred 23 Preferred t>s
Kingston & Pern... 3 lol.St. Louis <£ K.C. 5
Lake Erie <£Westn 1» Preferred 10
Preferred 66 Union Pacific 354
Lane Shore 137 U. P.. Den. «fc GulL 8
National Lead 24%: C.S. Cordage 4%
Preferred 83y 8 Preferred 9
Long Island 83 j Guaranteed 19
Louisville <£ Nash. -iL'.'.g U. S. Express 3S
Louisville Na»fcCh. 8 U. S. Leather 9
Preferred 17 ! Preferred 573/
Manhattan Consol. 0634! U. S. Rubber 263/«
Mempnis & Charls. 16 Preferred 85
Mexican Central... 8 Utlca& B. River. .lso
Michigan Central.. 94 : VVah. S. L. A Pao.. 6%
Wlnn AS. L, —— I Preferred 15 3 / i
Preferred. — Wells-Fareo 95
Minn. A St. L com. 17 Western Union.... 83 i
Ist preferred 73 Wis Central 33/ s
-d preferred 4]y 2 Wheeling &L. JK.. 103/«
Missouri Pacific.. 24 1 Preferred 84' ■> !
Mobile A Ohio 21% Am Cotton Oil pfd. H2V2 '
Nashville Chatt.... 66 W U Beef 71,. i
National Linseed.. 19% L I Traction- l6Vi
K.J. Central ...... 97v B 'Ann Arbor 9
ci.o«iso Bovn«.
Ufs4s,reK 108y 2 MKT2ds 66%
Do, 4s coupon... 109 j Do,4s. 8S
US4snewreg 115 Mutual Union' 65.. .115
Do, 48 coupon... 115 N J Cent Gen 65... 11 434
Do. 2b 96 Northern Pac lsts.ll4
Do, 63 H2i/ 2 Do. 2ds 101
Do. 5s coupon... Do, 3clß 69
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Nonnwesl Consols! 13«Vq '■
Do. 1897 100 I Do, deb 5s 1085^
Do. 1898 100 OR&JS'lsts... 105
Do. J899 100 SiL<felronMtGenss 80
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... St L A S F Gen 6s. 100
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 St Paul Consols 123
Ala Class A 4 110 St. P. C. APa lsts
Do. Class B 4, ss. 108 Do, Pac Cal ists.. 107
LaConsol4s. 96 Southern R. 11. 6s. 88%
Mlßsourl funding j Texas Pacific firsts 83V 2
N Carolina con 65..120 ; Texas Pac seconds. 1914
Do, 4s 101) :l nionPaclstof96.lo4
Po Carolina 4y 3 5... 104 West Shore 4s. . 104%
Tennnewss 87 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 63
Va funding debt... 59% r GrandeWest lsts 7l
i'o, reg Ches«feO6s 1043^
Do, deferred 65... 5 Atchlson 4s 71%
Do, trust rcpts st sy<> Do. 2ds A 21
Canada South 2d5..10l OH4SA 6s. 104
Cen Pac Ista of '9s 100 i Do. 2d 7s. . *" "100
DenAßGlst 114 H Tex Cent6s*.lo7
Do. 48 835/ 8 Do.con6s 104
£ rie2d 65 Reading** 7a%
Kansas I 'a Consols 70 Missouri 65...,,,,. 100
Kb Pa Ista DendivlOß
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno., Jan. 9.— The spot market
Is quiet at 5s 6d@ss 7d. Cargoes are steady at 28s
arrived.
FUTUBKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 5s 4d; February, 5s 434 d; March, 6s6y,d-
April, 63 s:|4d; May, 53 6d. '
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eno., Jan. Consols, 105%; sil- '
ver, 305/ 8 a; French Rentes, lOlf 37y c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION;
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89y 2
sterling- Cables 91 911/2
New YorkKxchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic.. — Par
Fine Silver. f* ounce — 6634
Mexican Dollars ■ 53% 64
INTERNAL REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal Revenue Collections In this district In j
December were $203,079, against $102,663 In De
cember, 1894. The amount collected for the calen
dar year of 1895 was $2,067,946, a gain of $375,
--150 over the previous year. In round numbers the
figures for 1895 show a gain over 1894 of $300,000
from Spirits and $8330 from Beer, and a decrease
of $17,275 from Cigars and Cigarettes.
SPECIE EXPORTS.
Exports of specie from this port during 1895 were
$26,406,314. against 828,458,677 in ,1894. Last
year's shipments Included $1,045,524 in Mexican
Dollars, $6,323,472 in Gold Coin, $8,087,546 In
Silver Bars and $1,619,636 in Currency and
Bonds. China took *1 6.497,806, Japan 535 024
and New York $7,616,296. • .
« — : .
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Is still firm at the improved prices,
with a j good demand for choice. No. 1, $1 05@
1 06Vi; choice. $1 071/2: lower. grades, 85c@$l;
extra choice for milling, $1 12y a @l 17y a .
CALL BOA It D SALES.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — May- 1200
tons, $1 071/0: 1300. $1 075/ .
Rkodlar Morning Session— May— lloo tons,
$1 075/ 8 ; 3000. $1 073,4; 1100, $1 07%.
190(')751'07%! SEBB1 ' N ~ Ma - V ~ lo ° lO£S ' * 1073/ *'
BAULKY— The weakness proved temporary and
the market is firmer again. Feed. 70@71i,4c;
choice. , 72 Vac; Brewing, 75@82i/,c; Chevalier.
$1 10@l 20 lor No. 1 and "75c^T$l $ ctl for off
grade. " *
CALL BOARD SALES. ' '•'
V"",y,,V'-^ KS;MON - 10 °'clock-May-200 tons,
7Oc^B; 100, 70 %C.
O%c?»5S 70% c' IJiQ S *¥s?f-^y-600 tons,
"Aa?t C RNO i N . aE ssiox-May-200 tons, 70y 2 c.
OATS— Prices have again advanced. Re
ceipts are light and the demand is active. The
market is in extra good shape. Milling, 75@S6c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 3 896.
f 1 ctl ; fancy Feed, 85@90c f. ctl : good to choice,
75@85c; common to lair, 60@70c; Gray, 77y 2
85c: Red, for seed, $1(»1 10: Black, for seed. $1 10
1 ' (ail 30: ditto for feed. 7"5@95c; Surprise, 95c@$l.
CORN— rule firm and there is more
doing in White. Large Yellow, 87y,j<3i90c; Small
Hound do. 87V2 @y0c; White, 82y (g)85c %i ctl.
75@80c r 0 ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at 85c@*l ctl, ac
cording to quality. *
FLOUR AND BIILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 55@3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 45@3 55; super
■ fine, $2 40@2 50 1* bbl.
I CORNMKAL. ETC.-Feed Corn, $19 50@20
I ton: Cracked corn. 820 5* ton.
1 MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
i lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
234 c: Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, 7V 2 c; Corn
meal, 23/4@3c; extra cream do, S^fcc; oatmeal,
33/ic: Oat, Groats, 4y 2 c: Hominy, 4(ai4V c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c: Farina,
4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4y 3 c;
Pearl Barley, 4i4@4y 2 c; Split Peas, 43ic; Green
do, 514 c¥- tb.
\ UA.Y AND FEEDSTI'FFS.
BRAN- 50 f> ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
f2o 60 $i ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 fi ton:
OiWake Meal at the mill, $21 $ ton; jobbing,
$22 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, «21. '
HAY— Steady. Wheat, ?B@l2 50; Oat. S©1050;
Wheat and Oat. $7 SOCall 50 ~f~ ton; Barley, 97&
9 50: Alfalfa, $6@9; Clover. ?6@B; Compressed,
$7 50@ll; Stock, !?0!a.7 50 $i ton.
STRAW— r e* bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
■ '.-. ■■•■■ : . ■ _____
BEANS— going on. Bayos are quot-
I able at $I@l 15 ctl: Small Whites, $1 25@
1 40: Pea, $1 50@l 60; Large Whites, $1 15@1 30;
Pink, 90c@?l 10: Reds. $1 85@1 50; Blackeye,
$175@185; Red Kidney, $1 65@1 75; Llmas,
$2 40@2 60; Butters, $1 60@l 75 ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard quotable at SI 95@2 05 :
Trieste, $2@2 20; Yellow Mustard, $1 40@l 60;
Flax, $1 70@l 75; Canary, 3iA@3i/ a c H Ib; Al
falfa 6V4@6y 2 c V ib; Rape, 13/ 4 (^2c tUb; Hemp,
4c ?> Ib.
DRIED PEAS— Quoted at $1 25@1 60 & ctl for
Niles, $1 20@l 30 for Blackeye and $1 25@1 57
' for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — Volunteer New Potatoes are
quotable at IV2@1 3 /4 c"# lb; Sweets, $1 50@2 ■?,
ctl for Rivers and $2@2 25 ctl for Merced ; Sa
linas Burbanks, tsO<2-9Oc %1 ctl: Kiver Burbanks, 25
@35c IS sack: Oregon Burbanks, 40@70c: River
Reds, &o@6oc '& ctl.
ONIONS— Firm at 80@90c %\ ctl; Cut Onions, 65
@75c %* cii.
VEGETABLES— Dried Peppers, 7@loc fl Ib;
Tomatoes, 30@;t>0c f". box; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
75c@$l; Ureen Peas. 6@7c; String Beans. lu@lsc;
Dried ukra, 121 c; Cabbage, 50c $>> ctl; Garlic, 4
@4y 2 c * Ib; Marrowfat Squash, $20 $» ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Not much change.
Live Turkeys, 10@12c for Gobblers and ll@l2c
1R lb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 13@15c; Geese,
$ pair, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $5@6 50; Hens, $4@
5: Koosters, young, $4 50rn.5 PO; do, old, $4@5;
Fryers, $4 50@5; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large and
$3 50 lor small; Pigeons, $1 60(<j(2 %i dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAM,-.— Prices keep steady. Quail are quotable
at $1 |) dozen; Milliard, $3@3 50 1* dozen: Can
vasback, $3(g,6; Sprig, ,$1 50@2; Teal. $I@l 50:
Widgeon, 25ftfil 60: Small Duck, $1 ; Hare. 7bc@
$1; Rabbits, ifl"-s@l 50 for Cottontails and @$1
for small: Gray Geese, $2@2- 50; White Geese,
?1; Brant, $1 25@1 50; Honkers, $3@3 50; Eng
| lish Snipe, $1 50@2; Jack Snipe, $I@l 50.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Quotations have again advanced and
some sales even over them are being made.
Creamery— Fancy, 27(a.28c; seconds, 25@26c
i* lb.
Hairy— Fancy, 25@26c; good to choice, 22y 2 @
24c ower grades, 18@22c.
CHEESE— Fancy mill new, ll@liy 2 c ~$ tb;
special marks higher still; common to good, B@loc
f. !!■: Cream Cheddar, ll@12c; Young America,
lie L2c; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12@13c $, Ib.
EGGS— The market has apparently got well
started on its annual spring drop, and unless it acts
differently lrom other years it will keep on going
down. Receipts are increasing and the tendency
is to sell. Oregon Eggs, 22c fi dozen; fancy
Eastern, 24@25c; sood to choice Eastern, 22y 2 @
23c; seconds, 21@22c: store Eggs, 21@24c: ranch
Eggs, 25@30c doz, with sales at a small advance.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FKUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Persimmons, 40@75c f)
box; Apples, 75c@?l for good to choice, 50@65c
for common tot air and 51 25 for fancy; Lady Ap
ples are nominal.
CITRUS FRUlT!?— Mexican Limes continue to
advance. Oranges are still dull. California Oranges
are quotable at $i 25(g»l 75 %4 box for Seedlings
and $1 50(a,2 60 for .Navels; Japanese Mandarins,
$I@l 25 %4 box; Lemons, $1(§»1 60 for common
ami $2®2 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
56;?6 50: Bananas, $I@2 %4 bunch; Pineapples, if 2
(g.5 %i dozen.
DKIEI* BRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FKUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: :
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y 2 @3c f! Ib for quar
tered, 3<S3y2C Ib for sliced and 4Vi@sc fi Ib
for evaporated; Peaches, 4gsc %* lb and sy.@
6c %i Ib for fancy; peeled in boxes, 12(a)13c
I tb; Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6@6Vis f* Ib
j for 40@50's and 5c %< lb for 60@t>0's; A pricots, /3
j (0.9<- for prime to choice and 10(<j>llc "$ tb for fancy
, Moorpark; Figs, black, 3@3y 2 c ?* Ib for pressed
I and 2@2y 2 c for unpressed: White Figs. 3V 2 @-lc
%4 Ib for pressed in sacks and 6@6c in boxes; Pears,
7c %« Ib for evaporated halves, 4(o.6VaC ¥ Ib for
quarters; Plums, 4@4y 2 c f* lb for pitted and 1V 2
2V2C forunpitted; Nectarines, 5(&0c %i lb for prime
to choice and 6y 2 c for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Apples, 4@4V2C: Peaches, 3@
4c and 5c for fancy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12V2<";
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6(a6y 2 c for 40@50's
and 5c for 50(o>t>0"s; Apricots, 6^»9yoc for prime to
j choice and 10(Sillc for fancy Moorpark; Figs,
black, is / 4@2y 2 c; White Figs, 3©6 c; Pears. 6y 2 c
for evaporated halves and 3@o^c for quarters;
Plums, 31/2 C for pitted and l(gny c tor unpitted;
Nectarines, 4(gisc %* Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND D HIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lot?, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85(5.90c i> box; four-crown, loose,
33/ 4 c ■$ Jt; three-crown, loose, 2y 2 c; two-crown,
2!a.2 1 seedless Sultanas, x:*i(S)4c; seenlessMus
c»'.els, 2y 2 @23 / 4c; clusters, $1 35@1 50; v Dehesa
clusters, $2 10(q>2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60
@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2%c '0 lb.
Jobbing Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2yi@2V 2 c; 2-crown, 134@2c; Seedless sul
; tanns, 33/4^<4c; Seedless Muscatels, 2y 2 c; 3-crown
Ix)ndon layers, 85c@$l; clusters, $1 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters. $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried Grapes, 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@loc "$, tb; Walnuts. 7(5.8c
Ib for No. 1 hard and ft@9y 2 for softshell, Job
bing lots; Almonds, 6@7y 2 c lor Languedoc and
8V«@10c for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 3y 2 @
4c ~& lb for California; Hickory nuts, s(<j,t>c;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
B(<s9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc ■ %*. Ib; Cocoanuts.
$4 50@ft V 100.
HONEY— comb is quotable at 10@12c "£ Ib for
bright and B@9c tb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6@5y 2 c *& tb; light amber ex
tracted, 414@43.4c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX— 2S@26c %( lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS-Bacon 6c tb for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c '& Ib for light. 10c Ib for
extra light and 12c Ib for sugar-cured ; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, ll%c 1* lb; California Hams,
I 10c; Mess Beef, $7 %4 bbl; extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do, $9(g,9 50: extra prime Pork, $8 %* bbl; ex
tra clear. $14 ~<& bbl; mess, $13 *# bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9V 2 @loc $ Ib. -V. rv
LARD— Eastern, tierces, . Is quotable at 6c fi
Ib for compound and 7y 2 c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 5y 2 c for compound and 6c for pure;
half-bbls, 6y 4 c; 10- Hi tins, 7c; do stb, 7fqi7Vic %* Ib.
COTTOLENE— 7c in tierces and 7%c. si Ib in 10
--lb tins. -• -..j.'-wi",
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS- Heavy salted steers,
j 7c ■$ Ib; culls and brands, 6c; medium, 6c; culls and
I brands, sc; light, sc; culls aud brands, 4c: Cow
| hides, 5@5y 2 c; culls and brands, 4@4U>c; salted
Kip, 5c $ Hi; salted Calf, 8c IB Ib; salted Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc %i tb; culls and brands, 7@
7y c; dry Kip and Veal, 9c; culls, 6y 3 c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 2U@3sc each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25f<»:-!0c: medium. 15©
25c: winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@
20c each; short wool, 30@40c each; medium, 40
(a each : long wool, 60(a70c each. Culls of all
kinds, about :y<>e less. '• ■ -
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 33 / 4@4c; No. 2, 3@
3 Vic; refined, 53/ 4 c; Grease, 2V"C % lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Humboldt end
Mendoclno, 7@9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 3@
6.:: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c » Ib.
HOPS— Nominal, at 4@6c 3 tb. . .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 15; Wool Bags, 24@260.
COAL— A few slight changes appear. Coke Is
cheaper. Wellington is quotable at $8 fi ton ;
New Wellington. $8 $ ton; Southfield Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle, $5<a,5 60: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay
$5; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbb
$7 60: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel.sß; ISock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 60 ft ton In sacks. ' •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: I Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6c;
Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 43/ c; Extra
C, 41/4 C; Golden C, 4y 8 c; half-barrels, ' 14c more
than barrels, and boxes i^c more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbis, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
P gal. ■ '
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: • ■
BEEF— First quality, 5y 2 @6c; second quality,
2 @sc; third do. 3i/ 2 @4c <& Jb.
VEAL— Large, s@t>o; small, 6®7c tb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6@6Visc; Ewes, 6c Ib. -
LAMB- Spring Lamb, : yearlings, 7c $ tb. .
PORK-Live Hogs. 38/ @3V2C for large and 314
@3S/ c tor small ; dressed do, 4V^@6y a o t> tt».
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
for 24 Horns.
Flour.qr. sks 28.116 I'elts, odls..- 160
Wheat, ctls 2.645 Wine, gals. 44,700
Barley, ctls 1,720 itutter, ctls 75
Oats, ctls 925 Cheese ctls 161
Potatoes. SKS....V. 5,042 Egt-s. d0z. .'..'. '....'. 3.1N0
Onlous. sks 253 Lumber. M feet... 60
2mJ, i * - 605 Leather, rolls 104
-Middlings, sks 130 Wool, bis 12
Betins, sks. rv.O Quicksilver, flaslci 110
Hay. ions. 4!lh Hops, l)ls 39
Hldes > ao 703 Lime, bbis 225
THE STOCK MAKEET.
Compared with Wednesday's close the market
yesterday showed no material change, but the
best prices were considerably under those of the
previous day. Trading was light.
The close was weak and declining. ■
NOTES.
The Nevada Bank has declared the usual quar
terly dividend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum,
payable on the 15th.
The Consolidated New York and Hale A Nor
cross assessments, of 5 and 15 cents per share, re
spectively, will be delinquent in the boards to-day.
The Spring Valley Water Company, San Jose
Water Company and Pacific Gas Improvement
Company will pay monthly dividends of 50 cents
per share to-day.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
has declared a semi-annual dividend of $1 50 per
share, payable January 15.
Charles E. Hogg has resigned the superintend
ent- of the Sutro tunnel, and President Leonard is
now the superintendent.
The amount disbursed by Comstock mining and
milling companies for labor during the month of
December, 1895, was $68,272 41, or $6000 short
of the payments for November.
Five bars of bullion valued at $18,490 have been
received from the Con. Cal. and Virginia, being the
final shipment for December. The bullion state
ment of the mine for December is as follows:
Worked at the Morgan mill, 12341.4 tons of ore.
?. ..i- ?.? P roduc<? d, gold, $13,196 53: silver, $16,
--623 72; total. $29,520 25. Yield In bullion per
ton, gold, $10 69; silver, $13 22; total, $23 91.
Average value of the ore per ton per battery sam
ples, gold, $13 94: silver. $15 98; total, $29 92.
Assay value of the above ore per ton per railroad
car samples, $36 73.
1 BKO. Belcher.— on the 300 level the joint
Belcher and Beg. Belcher west crosscut from the
south lateral drift is out 300 feet; the face Is in
porphyry, and the east crosscut from the south
lateral drift on the same level is being repaired,
mere have been hoisted during the week and
stored In the ore house at the mine nineteen min
liiEC-car loads of ore. the average top car sample of
winch shows an assay value of $19 27 per ton.
CHALLENGE.— The joint Challenge and Imperial
west crosscut 2 from the surface tunnel is out 200
feet, 12 feet having been made during the week;
the face shows porphyry.
Crown Point.— southwest drift on the 600
level has been driven 20 feet since last report, and
Is now out 94 feet. The face continues in soft
porphyry. They are making goou progress with j
the repairs in the southeast crosscut on this level. j
and in the east drift on the 1100 level, all of which j
will be completed this wee*. The usual repairs in \
the shall have been continued.
Belcher.- There have been hoisted during the
week and stored in the ore house at the mine 37
mining-car loads of ore. the average top car sample
of which shows an assay of $26 per ton.
In the Kodie Consolidated mine during the week
ending January 5 the north drift from the east
crosscut from the north drift on the 2< 0 level
was extended 7 feet. The ledge in the face con
tinues about three feet wide and is still of low
grade. The south drift from the above crosscut i
was extended 10 feet. There is no improvement
In the quantity or quality of the quartz. East cross
cut from the Gildea vein on 300 level was extended
16 feet in porphyry. South drift from above cross
cut was extended 13 feet. Started an upraise from
the face of the above drift and carried it up 6 feet.
'i he top is in seams of quartz and porphyry.
in the Mono mine tbp upraise from the south
drift from the west crosscut on the 400 level was
extended 10 feet. The top is in quartz and por
phyry. ■ ,
BOARD SALXS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
StocK Board yesterday:
KrOCLARMORNIVO si^iSTOV CnMWfIVIVI ATI: 30.
100 Aloha 22 200 C0nttd...1.20 00 0ph1r.... 1.50
300 Alia 1214.00 C Imp 02 100 Potosi ....60
500 Andes 26100 O &C 54 100 Savage..
300 B & 8... .96200 53 200 8 Nev 61
400Challnge..80 200 H & N.. 1.201300 Union 0..48
500 Chollar ....73:100 Mexlcn...6M 50 Utah 07
500 72|150 64J-JOO 06
60 CCiV..2.55;600 Occidntl...76|loo YJacket..46
AFTKRNOON SESSION'—
200 Alpha 23500 &C 50400 P0*05i....68
600 Alia 11300 .......49'J00 Savage... 30
300 B& i5....93 ! 550 H&N...1.15J100 29
150 94 300 Mexican. .62 200 scorpion. .03
200 Bullion. ..lh 100 63 200 S Nev ...59
300 Cha11ue... 29400 0ccidt1.... 76 100 68
200 Ch011ar....70 300 77 350 Union C 47
700 71 tOO 0phir....1.50 100 Utah .....06
300 (CV 2.50300 0vrmn....20,-100 V Jac1«...44
50 Conn.... 1.151 |
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stools
Board yesterday :
BKOUr.AR ummtnir— 1O:TV "
1200 Alpha... 000 Con Im..02:800 0cc1d. .^...77
300 Alta 12 1000 400 Ophirl.s2 Vt
400 Andes 26|1500C N V... 01900 1.50
650 Belcher.. ..Si) 400 C P0int.... 26^200 Ovrmn.
900 Biß 97 600 Excuqr.. .08700 .. .. 21
300 9611200 O & C. .64 700 Potosi 61
200Bodie 40500 H<£N ...1.20 400 ... 60
100 41 100 1.171/21^200 Savage.. 32
500 8u1110n....18,500 Julia 02 500 Scorpion.,o3
600 Ca1eda.... 09,400 Justice.. ..o44oo SB* M...11
400 Cba11(;e....30;500 Kenick....(i7 800 'SNev.. 62
100 Ch0uar.... 75110001, Wash..o^3oo 61
300 74Mt)O Mexican.. 66:6oo Sil Hi 11... .02
800 72600 65 200 Union C...48
800 CCA V... 2.55 500 Mono 06 700 49
200 2.52y2i200 Occld 75 1000 V JacKeUS
150 C0nti.... 1.20 300 76,
■AFTERNOON SESSION—
200 Alpha..... 22 200 CCV..2.5»i 1400 0ph1r..1.50
300 23800 2.50,300 1.47V 2
400 Alta 12J300 2.47% 800 Potosl 59
600 Andes 26 150 Confi ...1.20 600 Savage... .3l
200 26.300 C P0int. ..25 300 30
200 24800 Exchqr....Oß 500 Scorpion..o2
40'J 8e1cner... 29 5100 G& C 52 800 S Bcfe M...10
1200 B & 8... 200 61 600 8 Xcv 60
300 400 60500 .. 59
400 94J8OOH&N ...1.15300 .'..'.".'.58
300 Bodie 40 1000 Mexlcan63 800 S Hill 02
900 8u11i0n. ...1* 100 64 900 Union . .48
200 Bulwer....ll!.iooMono 06 400 46
300 Ca1eda.. . .09 ...77,1000 Utah . 06
300 Challnge..: 0 200 76 900 V Jacket .47
400Chollar ...7: 800 76600 45
500 71 300 74 300...'." '44
400 70 1200 Overmn.2o,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 9-4 p.m.
<S;! ■ : i- l ßid.A*k-r<t.\ Blii.Aikf.il.
Alpha Con 22 23 Jackson — 40
Alia 10 12 Julia . — 03
Andes 23 24 .Justice 04 06
Belcher 28 30. b'emucu. 06 07
Beat & Belcher. 9-' 93 Lady Wash 01 02
ISentonCou.... — 43 Mexican 63 64
Bodie 40 42 Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion 17 19 Mono. .. — 05
Bnlwer _ 10 12 Nevmla Queen. 01 06
Caledonia 08 10 Occidental 76 76
Challenge Con. 29 30 Ophtr 1.45 1.50
Choilar 71 72 overman 20 21
Con. Cal. & Va. 2.45 2.sojl'otoai 67 —
lon. Imperial. 02 OS.bavace 29 30
Confidence 1.10 1.15 Sec Belcher... 10 11
Con.NewYorK. — 01 Sierra Nevada, 57 58
Crown Point... 23 24 Scorpion 03 '■— i
EaatSierraNew — 04 ! Silver Hill — 04
Exchequer..... 07 09 Silver Kins.... 20 —
Eureka Con — 2.V Syndicate 03 —
Gould «fc Curry. 60 51 ' Union Con 46 47
little A. borers. 1,10 .1.16 Utah 05 07
lowa 02 04| Yeilow Jacket. 44 45
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Jan. 9-2 p. it
TTNITH) STATES BONDS.
Bill. A >■!:,, Bid. Asked.
V S4seoup..lo7Ulo9 ;L'S4S ..107y 2 109
MIKCi'.].T,AXKOt;S BOND*.
Cal-ntCbless. lo93^llo !Do. 2d iss 6s. — —
Cal Elect 6s. 106 — IP <fcO liy 65.107 —
CntraOWss. - 100 14! P& Ch Xv 63.102 —
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.KP.6s. — 116 V*
EdsnL<VP 63.106 107 Reno. WUL — 105
H KK6S.IOM . — River W Co6s — * 100
Gearv-stltos.lo4i' 2 — micioP it I, .300 102%
LosAni!L6», — 101 'SF*XPRRSsMIO 1005/=
Do,Gnted.6s. — 101V" ! bPKKArl7.6s 94 96
Mkt-stCble6sl2o 122 " SPUR 110 —
DoßyConss..lo7s/ B ioßV>lsPßKCal6s.. — 97Va
NevCNgßßs. — 100 "jSl'BrKCal6s. 96 97V-»
N PCKR6s.IO3V 2 — 6VWatertJs..)2l 12^V4
XRy (is.lOUVa — bVWater4s._ 98 9914
XRyCalss. — 103 Sikinn&Ktti — 103
Oak Gas 55.. 104 V 2 — SunstT&T6s. — 100
Do. 2d ss. 104 ' 2 — Sutter-stßss.lO9y 2
Omnibus 65.. 1183/411934 VisaliaWo Us — 92
PacßollM6s.. — —
WATER BTOCK-S. ■
Contra Costa, 40 46y San Jose 76y a 96
MarinCo. .... - 52 V Valley 97V* 98
, . HAh STOCKS.
Capital SBi/ a — Pacilic Light. 46 48
Central 95 — SanFrancsco 713k 7-1
OakGL&H. 50V4 - Stockton..... — 2U/ 2
PacUaslmp. 79 ! /a 80Va.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
FlremansFd.lso — ' |5un. ...:....'.. 56i/a —
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — iLonrtonPcfcA.l2734l3o
Anglo-Cal... 591-', 62 lLondon&SF. — 30
Bank of Ca1.. 230 233 Merch Ex.... la _
CalßD<tTCo.. 67y 3 60 Nevada.. ..-— ■-' —
FirstNatlonl.lßo . - Sather B Co- — —
Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STACKS. ■ ' ■'■ * v 'IVi.'
GerS&LCo. — 1510 Say J^oan . . - 150
HumbS&L.IOOO — Security — 255
Mutual 35 41 y Union Trust. - 830
bi bavUnlon — 495 j ■, ; - •
HTRKKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105 — Oak.SL&Hay — 100
t>eary-5t..... 60 70 ipresldio 5 —
Market-st.._ 4434 45 jsutter-st — —
. POWIIKB STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 16 Hudson... — /_:->-
California.... _ 9$ iVigont. 600 1
Giant......... 171/2 181/ J. ... ... '
MISCELLAJTKOUS STOCK *.'
Alaska Pkrs. 97 99 .OceanicSSCo — 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — ii'ac Borax... 98 - 100 '
CalDrvDock. — _ iPad&NCo. — 30
Kdison Light. 95i/ 2 961 8 Pac Roll Mill 21i/ 25
O-usConAssu. — _ ' |ParfPaintCo. — -9 .
HawC&HCo.. 81/8 8y 4 PacTransCo. — 25 "
HntcbSPCo. ia% 13y B PacT<STCo 60 ' —
JudsonMfgC. - - BunsetT&T.. 40 —
MetExAsanlOO 110 United 0 C 0... - 23
, MdKN INO BKfISIOX.
Board— loo Alaska Packers' Association. 98; 35
Market-st Railway. 45; 50 do, 44%; 40 S F Gas
light, 713,4; 85 d 0,"71%.
Street- S6OOO Edison L & P Bonds, 106 1/4.
AKTERXOON >■ ESS I ON. .
Board— loo Hawaiian Commercial, 81/s-
Street-SSOCO S F & X P Railway Bonds, lOOVs-
HOTEL AKEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W C Conroy, Auburn A \V Kensson, Cal
F Tozer, Sacramnnto 1) J Cole & wf, Denver
T Hess & wf, Ouray L G Hosm r. Jose
J H Beeclier. Cal T I) Hlodsett, Tulare
J II Strehl <t wf, Cat M T Munsou. Cal
.1 8 French, Cal H i> Blanchard, Cal'
C H Hughes, Chicago John (iarwoo<i, San Jose
Miss Mary Fish, Fresno Miss Lucy Fish. Fresno
C Acheson, Kureka C L Landers <fewf, Eureka
R J Hooper, Boston Wm P Hayes, Boston
Virgil Diirt&wf, Fortune G F Turriton & wi, Keno
B F Saunders. Salt Lake X I) Wells, Modesto
J A Hiuhes, Willows M T Collins, Sacramento
J T Morkile. Nogales C C Dougherty, Dalles
J C Hoxie, Fresno F Mattison, Santa Cruz
T E Fire, Boston H X Southwick, X V
J L Phelps, Stockton l)r J F Chridet, Snta Cruz
I) \V McKenzie. Cal WCHalliway&w.Oakdale
G A C'usman, Lynn G A Wiley, Danville
X Bun, Sa-ita Kosa W Steinbeck, llollister
C H Dunn, Sacramento W H Steward, Kedlands
G C Hyatt <fcwf,Stockton J M Wythe & wf, Volta
\V Burce, Chicago
LICK HOX'SR.
X Biagdon, Martinez <; V Henderson. Belmont
H R llo^e, Portland X B SaiTold. Napa
J P Welsh,' Colo c Brentwood
C N Bertels A w, P c C,r C II Legged, Merc d
J llankin & w, Martinez S C Cornell, Merced
C F Warren, Salt Lake OJ W Coulter, Conlterville
sII Minson, bait Lake <; S Kerry, Montecito
S M Buck, Knreka J M 1 ane. Woodlana
sVf Gceen, Sjin Lucas E P Colcan. Sacramento
II l'o<ld, Oakland P C Tryer, Ariz
W E Smith, Menlo Park J 1' Johnson & w, Santa
J W Morrell, N V Barbara
J J Nunan <few. Stocktn M J Smith & f, Si Louis
Mrs J Maguire.Alameda H C Smith, Sacramento
Mrs L M Sisson, Sisson P J Brown, Sacramento
M A Filmor, Jlumboldt \V G Young &w, Oaklnd
J C Erickscn, Humboldt F T Corey, Sacramento
P S Bragdon, Martinez
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Rees, Memphis W II Ransome, X V
W Corneely, Suisun E B Durham & w, N V
H Smith, Red Bluff Mrs W (Jaffney & c, Mont
R P i übeu, Fresno C Uf noa, Cahto
J M Hale, Los A ngeles Mrs C Walter, San Jose
C B Smith, Vallcio G McKinzy, Sacto
Mrs C Willis. Willows X Kristiansen, Sydney
T Scott, Vallejo C Archer, I.os Angeles
J< ' < ook, El Paso C Carroll, X V
Mrs M Rogers, Chicago G Miller, St Paul
C Myers. Ventura C James, St Louis
Mrs C Miller, Denver Miss A James, St Louis
PALACE HOTEL.
J Armento, X V H G Stevens, Menlo
X Hisßins, X V A M Bergevin, Chicago
C Schiller, X V ■ Mrs Bergevin, Chicago
(• Lomoard. Salt Lake (; D Morgan, Chicngo
J Daniels, Fort Brasg Miss Morgan, ChicaKO
M R Engel, X V Mrs C D Morgan, Chicago
P P Yatea *w, Beloit A D Wilson, Philadelphia
C B Locke, Chicago J W Dobbins, Spokane
C C Harding, La W J Schlacke, Stanford
NEW WESTERX HOTEL.
W (' Murray, s L Obispo C Baker, San Luis Oblspo
W Bichz, San Rafael p; Wallace, U S X
J B McDonald, Benicia P X Vambor, Alameda
A H Goble, Benicia A Thompson, Eureka
W Fay, Cal W D Butch, Angles Camp
R Hectare, Steubenville W F l.nois. smirterield
A s Cunningham, Cal G W Dewey & w, <al
M Davidson, Porterville S F Scott «fe w, Stockton
(j Keiiogir, L Angeies X Xolan. Dead Mans I'ass
OCEAN SIKAMJbKS.
Dates or Departure 1 rom San Francisco.
STEAMER. | PKSTIVATIOX |
SAILS.
] PIER.
Mexico I San Dleito Jan 10.11 am Pier 11
Walla Walla; Vie * l'jri Snd Jan 10. 9am Pier 9
Pomona i H um bold t Bay Jan 10. VJrM i Pier 9
Afridi Cliina<fc Japan Jan 10,ia m P MSB
Alameda — Sydney :JuiilO, v™ oceanic
Arairo i i'oos Kav janll. 4pm Pier 13
ABlancuaru. Portland Mania. 2pm liter 13
Kurelca ! Newnot: I Jan 12, SUM, Pier 11
Homer j Coos Bay Jan 13, siM Oceanic
fctate or CaJ : Portland Man 14.10 am : Pier 21
Banta Kos*.. : Ban Diego |Jan 14.11 am Pier 11
Fnralion — \ aaulna Bay.. Jan 14. 6pm Pier'J
Umatllla.... Vie <a Pgt, Knd Jan 16, 9am Pier 9
»t l J aui Newoon Jan 16, 9am Plerll
Columbia... Portland Jan li). loam : Pier 24
STKAJIEKS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer | From I Due
Eureka. I Newport
Peru China and Japan
Mineola Tacoma
Arcatu | Coos Kay j
Costa Rica Departure Bay
Utnatilla I Victoria «ft Pusret Sound :
Htate of Cal Portland ." !
Homer Coos way I
SantaKosa, san i)U-zo.. '
City of Panama Panama -.
Rrallon , Yaoulna Bay.
Wellington Departure Bay [
City of Sydney. Panama
Australia. ' Honolulu
Pomona j Humboidt Bay
BtPaui Newport
City of Everett Panama ...;..;
North Fore Humboldt Bay
Mackinaw Comox
Willamette Vai. I Mexico
f>an Bern to I lacoma
Columbia. i Portland :
Kmpire j Portland
Mexico I San Dieco I
City of Pueoia.. i Victoria" it rueet Hound i
Maritiosa Sydney.....
Crescent City... ' Crescent City
Araeo Coos Bay
Point J_,oma Urays Harbor
..Jan 30 I
..Jan 10 i
I. .Jan 10 i
j..Jan 10 !
..Jan 11
!...lan 11
...lan 11 I
..Jan n
'..Jan V>
...lan 12
..Jan 12
[ ..Jan 12
...lan 18 I
..Jan 13 •
..Jan 13
..Jan 14 i
..Jan 14
..Jan 15 !
..Jan 15 !
..Jan 15 !
'..Jan 15 j
[ ..Jan 16 |
, . Jan 16
I ..Jan 16 I
i ..Jan 16
'..Jan 16
..Jan 16 ■
..Jan 17
...Inn 17
BUS AND TII>K TABLK.
?
IKiH WATKR. LOW WATKR.j
?mall. Large. ; Small I-nr^e.
.0.01 p 7.26 a 0.544 2.51.
1.02P B.Ua! 1.58 a S.47pi
sr>'. imoo.v.
Uises: Sets I Rises
1 !
7 25 S.lO 3. 15 a
'■ 7.26 5.11 4 . 54a
11.l
HIDKOGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Beanch HvnßnoßAPific Office., U« S. N. "»
Mkkchants' Exchavbe, y
San Kraxmsco, January 9. 189fl. J
The time ball on Telegraph Hih was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 f. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtki.kr,
Lieutenant U. S. X., in charge.
Mlli'l-ING INTJSL.MU.KNCJfc:.
Arrival.
THUBSDAY, January 9.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 16 hours from Men- i
doctno, etc; pass and mdse, to Mendocino Lumber '
Co. I
stmr Alcatrsiz, Dettmers. 39 hours from Port j
Los Angeles: ballast, to L E White Lumber Co. ,'
Stmr Gipsy, Lelatid. 10 hours from Moss Land-
Ing, etc: uroriuce, to tioortall. Perkins & Co.
stmr Pomona, Doran, 17 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins <fc Co. j
Stmr A ratio. Heed. 64 hours from Coos Bay; pass !
and mdse. to Oregon Coal and Nhv Co. ;i,ru
Ship Win .1 Ketch, Lancaster. 163 days from
Philadelphia: 2200 tons coal, to Balfour, Guthrie ;
«fc Co.
Br ship Monkhars, 134 days from Swansea; 3027 '
tons coal, to Balfour, Qattarle & Co.
ship Bracadale, Yoution, 151 days from Liv
erpool ; mdse, to J D Spreckels A Bros Co.
Ship Henry Villard. Patron, 151! days from New
castle. Eng; 2*232 tons coal, to J D Spreckels &
Bros Co.
Br bark Inversnaid. Williams. 84 days from
Newcastle, NsW; 2272 tons coal, to J D Spreckels
& Bros Co.
Bktn City of Pat>eete, Berude. 25 days from Ta
hiti: pass and mdse, to J Pinet <fe Co.
Brig W Q Irwin, Williams, 14 days from Hono
lulu: pass and suzar, to .1 D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Aloha, Dabel. 16^ days from Honolulu;
pass and sugar, to Williams, Dlmond & Co.
; Schr Elvenla, Erickson, 6 - days from Hum
boldt; lumber, to order. Oakland direct.
Cleared.
THURSDAY, January 9. i
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins <te Co.
Bktn W ±L Dimond, Nllson, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels it Bros Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY, January 9.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka.
stmr Whitesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, Fort Bra??.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicholson, Newport, etc.
Br ship Flintshire, Williamson, Queenstown.
: Br ship Thomaslna MacLellan, Mann, Queens
town, ?:>,... .-> 
•Bark Mercury, Colby, Port Blakeley.
Bktu W II Dimond.'Nilson, Honolulu.
Schr John (i North, Rasmussen, Honolulu.
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs, Grays Harbor.
Ie. ©graphic
POINT LOBOS— January 9-10 p v— Weather
cloudy; wina NE: velocity 12 miles.
<-Jliart«r<.
The Nor ship Hiawatha is rechartered for wheat
to Europe, 26s 3d net. L ...■■■
, The Hal ship Francesco CUmpa Is chartered for
wheat to Europe. 26s 3d— option of Sydney, 19s.
The ship Louisiana loads coal at Seattle for this
port. '
The Br ship Elginshire was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe, His 3d net.
Spoken.
Jan 4— Lat 49 N. long 6 W, Br ship Royal Georce
hence Aug 13 for Leith.
Dec 22-Lat 14 06 S, long 35 46 W, Br ship Gan
.ock Rock, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
* Per ship Henry Villard— Nov s— Lat 65 N. lone
63 \V, Brshlp Benthesllea, ' hence Sept 5 for
Queenstowu.-
Nov 13- Lat 56 41 N. lone 74 30 W, Brship An
gerona, from Antwerp, for Valparaiso.
The Br bark Blrkdale arrived off this port to-day
from ■ Callao, and was ordered to proceed to Bur
rard Inlet by the pilot boat America.
.Domestic Ports.
SAN PEDRO-Sailed Jan 9-Schr C 8 Holmes
for I'ort Blakeley. • .
R GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived Jan 9-Schr Gem,
hence Jan 3: schr Gen Banning, hence Jan 1; schr
Helen N Kimball, hence Dec 31; schr Ruby v
Cousins, from Redondo; schr O M Kellogg, from
Port Los Angeles.
COOS BAY— Jan 9-Stmrs Homer un.l
A rcata. for San Francisco; schrs Eliza Miller aud
C H Merchant, for .San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 9— Bcnr Emma Utter, hence Jan 2.
FORT - Arrived Jan 9-Stmr Rival, hnc
Jftn o.
CASPAR-Arrived Jan 9-Stmr Caspar, from
■ PORT II A DLOCK— Sailed Jan 9-Schr Sequoia,
for San Diego.
EUKEKA— SaiIed Jan 9— Schr Oceania Vance,
for Sydney; schr Jennie Tlicliri. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 9— Strar Empire, hence
Jan 4. via Coos Bay: Br stmr Bnosina, from Hong
kong and Yokohama. '
Sailed Jan 9-Stwr State of California, for San
Franc .. :
NifiW WH. TCOM— Sailed Jan 9-Bark Ger
mania, for San Francisco. : .';.'
Arrived Jan 9— Schr Joseph Rugs, hence Pec 28.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 3— Snip Dashing Wave,
hence Dec 31.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 9— Bktn Klikitat,
for Honolulu. .' • ••..',■:-•'.■■
. POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan 9— Htmr Alcazar,
from Clcone.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan9-Schr Ben
der Brothf rs, hence Jan 7.
Balled Jan 9— «tmr Wostport, for Redondo.
ALBlON— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Jan 8. ....••
PORT LOS ANGELES— sailed Jan 9— Stmr E.t
, celslor. ,
Foreign' Ports.
A CaPULCO— Sailed Jan 9— Stmr City of Sydney
for San Francisco.
MULLENDO— Arrived Jan B— *-chr Louis, hence
Oct. 16.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Jan 6— bark Maelgwyn,
for Portland. .. .-■-.-;' "-
ANTWERP-Arrived Jan 8-Br ship City of
Florence, from Hastings Mill. ■ -.
EAST LONDON— Arrived Jan 7— Haw bktn
Americana, .from Hastings Mill.
Importations.
COOS BAY— Per Arago— lls b.xs apples. 4 iibls
butter, 4 pkKsexpress, 3 bags coin, 1 ship knee, 2
M ft lumber. 800 tons coal.
MENDO( INO-Per Point Arena— 46 bdls hides,
200 M ft lumber, H bxs salmon. 2 pkga i tinting
matter, ft ke^s wine.! H Mils apples.
Point Arena— bxs butter. 26 bxs salmon, 50
hides and pelts, 4 cs eggs, 'I bis wool, 3 pkgs mdse.
34 bxs apples. ■-':;
FIELDS LANDING— Per Pomona— l 9 nxs 17
hf-bxa fish. 5 bdls paper, 50') M shingles. '2 crts
hardware, 94 bxs butler, 261 bxs apples, 96 doors,
1 hbl elder.
Eureka— l pkp mdse, 1 bxhardware. 4cs electric
machinery, 35 bxs butter, 134 bxs apples, 8 doors,
438 M shingles, 11 M ft lumber, 1 bx '£ bbls min
eral water, 16 sks peas, 123 head cattle, 2 sks coin,
12 pkgs express, 1 bx fruit, 1 pkg wheels, 1 piano
ana stool.
MOSS LANDING— PerGIpsy— I cs eggs, 1 bx
butter, 1 sk potatoes, 5 pkgs mdse.
Watsonvllle— l sk beet seed.
• Moro C0j0— 2558 sks potatoes.
Monterey— 1 bdl hose, 2 sks beeswax, 1 sk pats,
4 bxs cheese.
Santa Cruz— B cs cheese, 500 bbls 11 me, 2 cs mdse.
6 rolls leather. '
- Consignees.
Per Arago— Garcia &Magglni: Getz Bros & Co:
Wolf «fc Son ; Wells, Fargo & Co; Cal Transfer Co;
Hurray <£ Stelnbugen.
Per Pomona — Rosaia A Co: American Union
Fish Co: APaladini; G Camillonl & Co; B Caito;
G i-'arari; J X Heckman; Milanl & Co; Pacific
Coast Fish Co; V D Vergillo: Arctic Oil Works: A
Soff: Baker & Hamilton; Brigham, Hoppe & Co:
Bertin <& L-porl; C E Whitney A Co; A Crocker &
Bros; B C Glatt; COG Miller: Dairymen's Union;
Dodge, Sweeney* Co: D N it X Walters & Co; .1 H
Kruse; Enterprise Brewery: Eveleth <fc Nash: II C
Morse: Humboldt Mineral Water Co: .1 X Hanify:
John F English: Wieland Brewing Co; Overman
Wheel Co: Prof A Hartwiu; Preston & McKlnnon;
Standard Oil Co: Norton, Teller A Co: F B Height;
Dalton Bros; Hills Bros; McDonough & Runyon;
015 Smith & Co: Wheaton, Breon & Co; R Petoi;
\V F Mitchell: Witzel & Baker: George Clark: Pac
Coast Lumber and Mill Co; Well man, Peck & Co:
Wells, Fargo & Co; Hlggins it Collins.
Per Point Arena— Mendocino Lumber Co; W N
Rutherford: W B Stunner A Co; standard Oil Co:
Wilson & Baechtel; Milan! A Co; O B Smith A Co;
Palmer & Bey; Uohlfts&Gerdau; American Union
Fish Co: M - Azevedo: X Albert: Ross A Hewlett;
Norton. Teller A Co; Wei more Bros; B W Rey
nolds: M A Jane; APaladini; STraplni; A New
field <& Co.
Per Gipsy— Mrs SN Laughlin; Herman Joost ; X
H Sheldon; M P Detels; Pacific Fruit Co; Arctic
Oil Works: HDutard; Wolf it Son; Livingston A
Co; Campodonico A Malcolm : Standard Oil Co; L B
Larzelere A Co; Sherry, Avilla A Co: Price Baking
Powder Co: Wellman, Peck A Co; Boston Woven
Hose Co: Thomas Loughran; Dairymen's Union;
C E Whitney A Co: Smith's Cash Store; Kron Tan
ning Co; H Cowell A Co.
For Late, Shipping Intelligence See \ Fifteenth Page.
ocEAar steamships;
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C M and
PUGET SOUND.
Fix-art Class &0.00
1 Second Class !»300
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street.
GOOJDAJLL, PERKINS* CO.,
. . Oeueral Agent*.
O. : - o _c&s INT.
ASTORIA ANFpORTLAND.
$2.50 Second (lass, $5 First Class. .
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 9
State of California sails January 14
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Genl. supts.
F. F. COX^OR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM jDrgk-
O Broadway wharf, Kan Francisco, as rvwirWr
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorinsr. Wrungel. Janeau. Kil-
tlsnoo and Mitka (Alaska), at 9 a. * Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14. •
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
tend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Wuatcom (BellinKham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
i Jan. 5, 10, 15, 'JO, 25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. F. R. H.. at Tacoma with N. P. K. X.,
at Seattle with G. N. Uy., ai Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landln? (Hum-
boldt Bay) 6tr. Pomona, 2 r. m., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. "2, 2(j, SO, and p.very fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, I
Port Harford (San Luis Obispol, Gaviota, Santa i
Barbara, Ventura, Huenenie. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Jan.
4, 8. 12, 16, UO, 24, 28, and every iourth day
thereafter. :■-.•' ;'
For San Diego, stopping only at Po:t Harforl
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. M., Jan. 2, 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, '26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
• For Knseuada, San Jose del CabO, Mnzatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), s:r. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m., 25th of each month.
Ticket otlice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen'l Agents. I
. ■.' •i - 10 Market St.. San Francisco. |
COaPIG3IIEGEIER.IIETR.mmASTM|UE
French L.ix>« to Havre.
COMPANY'S l'lKlt(.\K\V), 4-' NORTH j&t*fL
Vj River, foot of Morion st. Travelers by iSKiaJ
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second class, $116. • .1
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe f
•. January 11
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
; January 18, „.
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Poirot,
- January 25, :
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf I
February 1
JBS*" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.*
■. «, „„„ -?* 0 '. 3 Bow "ling Green, New York.
J. F. FLOA/1 & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
WHITE STAR LRE.
Onlted States and Royal Mail Steamers
_. -'•' -. BETWKKV
New Tasssgrw^^po*.
riABIN, $60 AND IPWARD, ACCORD- -
selecit I : second cabin, a , * 10- ?i«i
through to sau Franci s " o «Sw^t Z °t^^
from W. 11. AVERYTI'acFno Man %^Z P rocured
Gene Agent tor Pacltlc Coaiu
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL AgaL- '
VJ fortnightly for the Went Indies and
Southampton, calling en route at Ce'rbourgh,
France, and I'lymouth to land passengers.
. 1^ ou « . h . bills of lading, in connection with tha
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg Southampton. First class, $195: third
SUM, 87 60. For further particulars apply to
VARROTT * CO., Agent*
306 California at.
VALLEJO AM) MARE ISLAND.
STK., MONTICKLLO,
Dally. Mcept Kunday-10 a. if... 4, *l *
• " : c • Hujadajr— B v. v ;:. : - •.-,:"":-; J -
L»nUluK. Mission I. ritr ■« .
— ; 1 ' — T^> ■
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS. _^
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COIP.4HT.
. —^ Coolftarjle gold field*
_>*Ssr!7r" i 1 (Freemantle). Anstra-
jgafor nOWiifi ill U» $110 steerage. Lowes!
jffl^^\m u _2P\ ' IL rates to Capetown,
"^^ftSk. South Africa.
S§|js' f^i. Australian steamer^
Honolulu only, I'u ■■•>-
- January ai, at 10
Special Partiks. -Reduced special rates for
parties *''- £^,1 fflj Mont(ioiaery str eet.
HCKet omce. oilice, 33 / Jiarlcet lree6 .
J. P. SPKECKKLS A BBOS.. General Agents.
STOCkIOA STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washingrton St,
At 5 V. M Daily, Except Sunday.
83- Accommodations served by Telephone-
STKABIER :
T. C. Walker. <1 • D. Peters,
Mary <Jarrutt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cm. Nay. and lnipt. Co.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
r" .
(SOUTHERN l»Ai!IFIC CO3i**A»T.
(PACIfIO SYSTEM.)
TmiH« le»ve i>n<l lire «Imo to arrlrc i»t
S.%N\ FRANCISCO.
leave — FjßQ>f November, jgftJSOa. — .M:I;IV1
" 6:SOa Haywards, Nile:-, and" Way Stations.. l» :l **•
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ofdeu and Kast., 8*t»»
7:00 a Benicia. Vacarille. Kumsey. Sacra-
mento. and Kcddingvia Uavls.... '""
7:3« a Martinez, San Uamon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa lloei •:!.•»»
8:*« a Kile- Ban .lose, .Stockton. lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo, Bed UluH _
and .Sundays execpted Oroyillo .l s "2 P
•8:SO a Peters and Milton ': 1 5 P
«:OOa Ban Lcandro, Haywards & Way St ns 1 1:4.1 a
9:««a Lo3 Angeles Express. Raymond,
(for Yosemite). Santa Barbara
and LO3 Angela 454.1»
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1O: 1 « x
1 0:OOa Ban 1.- aiMlro, lldjwirila and Niles . . l : ISP
12:00 vi Ban i.i hndro, Uaywards A Way Set'ns * : l-,r
l:0Op Niles, San Joso and IJTcrmore :I.la
•l:OOp Sacramento Eire* Ste uners •!>:(tor
fl :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations T ' :■••»*
:t:OOp San Leandro, HaywanU& Way St'ns &'■***
4:OOp SanLeandio, HayrrardskWaySt'ns 6:4Sr
4:00r Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, J~.l Vcrano and
Santa Rosa »U3*
4:««jf Benicia, Esparto, Woodland,
1 Knights Landing^ MarysviUe,
Oroville and Sacramento . .■ 10:43*
4:3»p Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton .• "'is*
5:00p San Leindro, Haywards & Way St'ns S:-15f
3:3<»i- New Orleans Expr< . I ror,iio.Bakcre-
Held. Santa l;;iii.n;i, 1.113 Aiißelos.
Deming, Ell'aso, Naw Oilcans and
East 1«:I3a
3:30r Santa I'd Ilouto, Atlantic Kxprcss
for Uojave nnd East JO: 15 a
6:oOi> Kiiropean Mail, 'Ogdeu and ICast;... 9:t»A
6:o(»pllay«:irdH. Nili-saml .San Jose ~:I5a
JT:o4»i' Vallejo... t7:4Sp
7HM>pOresou l-Ixpri'ss, Sacramento. Marys-
ville, Ku.ldingr, Portland, l"ii«»t
Sound and Kast 10:4
7:00p San litandro, Hapvardsk Way St'iia lO:5Op
»:O«p Han Lcandro, Way Stna ttl2:»»A
•510:03p M 6nn '- limited, " Fresno, Lm
Angolfs, El Paso, New Orleans
and Kart §li«4.iF
ft 11:1' "3an Leatidro. Hay >rards& Way Sfns 7:13 a
SANTA WHIZ DIVISION * Nar -° -^*HiS>!
»:I»a NeiT.-ivk.«;t:iilervill<-.Saii.l()3e,Fclton,
Uouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3i5«l
•2:15p Newark, Cmiterville, San Jose, New
Almadcn, Feltun, Uonldex Cr?ck,
Santa Crux and Princijial Way
Stations '11 :2O A
4:15 1- Newark. Sau Joso and Los Catos.... U:sOa
■ |11:43p Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
Wry Stations 17:20p
COAST IH VISION < I & 'I'oitiispihl Sis.)
6:J.la Han .Instj aiiil Way Htations (New
Almaden Wednesdays ),.,,... l:4.ip
8:13 a San Jose, Trot linos, H;mt;i Cruz,
l'acilic Grove 1 , Paso ItoUtf, --an
Luis Oliispo, Guadalii! c and Prin-
cipal W:iy Stations 7:05p
: IO:4O\ San .lone mid W«y .Stations 5:410 p
11:-1.->a Palo Alto *i ' Wny .Stations 3:301
•si:3Oi-.S;iti Jose, Gilr Tres Finos, -Santa
Cruz-, Bab'nas,Moaterey and Pacific
(jrnre «io:IOa
SauJosoandPriiicipnl '■ ay Stations !»:I7a
•4:3Oi>San Joso and Wny Klati • t »:O0*
3:30r San Jose and Way Sialious *•»: I* v
«::tOi> San Jose and Way Stations «i:::.V\
411 :45 i» Sau .1. -■■ ..■ .' V... . - - l.i.mn t::|-. f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ~~
rrom SAH FRiSCISGO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:10 O:<G 11:00 a.m. {1:00 *2:00 ±3:CB
•4:03 *5:00 •6:00 p.m.
From OAKLAND— *Foot ofßroadwsj. — ' 'C-.CQ 8-00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 '1:00 ' }2:00 *3:CO {1:00
*3:03r.M. '
A for Morning, ' ' . P for After, am;
* Sundays excoptcil. ■ ' Saturdays only.
'. Sundays only.
tt Monday. Thurailay aud Saturday night.-? only.
■.Tuesday* and Saturdays SbU'idaya and Thursdays,
SMFRANCISCO & JVORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
; Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20. 11:00 a. if.- 12 SSL
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
6DNDAYS-8:60,'9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30> 3:3
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAVS-6f25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a if-
ari 4 :i 5 3 p 4^ sand°o^P.5 and°0^P.^ tUrday9 - Eltra ' tri P«
SUNDAYS- 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. It; I*4o 3«V
6:00, 6:25 P. M. ' "*
Between San Kranclsco and Sclinetzen Park sama
. schedule as above. - . , "
San Francisco. Inpftprt • San Arrive *
San Francisco. Q°t 28. Ban Francisco.
Da y S K I Ia U IfcrtSuoa. Son- j We«"
days. | bath. . days. - I Days.
7:40 AM 8:00 A M * * to ' 10:40 ami 850 a «
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:50 aw
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:30 Mi; 6:15 pji
_ ■■ Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor. 10:30 ah
Healdsbur?,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 fm 6:15 pk
~ i t-iPta; '
7:40 am; Hopland &
|8:00 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 ami I io-3o am
1 8:00 am ; Gnerneviae. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm I j 6:15 fm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8750 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 fm
I I Glen Ellen.
7:40 am 1 8:00 am! Seh tODOl 110:40 am 1 10:30 am
3:30 pm 500 I^ebastopol. |. 6:09 pj£ | 0 . 16 pk
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bollnas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland Sprlnn
Kelseyville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Bla«
Lakes, Laurel Dell.TJpper Lake, Booneville, Green»
wood, JUendoclno City. Fort Brae?, I* sal, Westport,
Cahto. Willetts, Calpella, Porno. Potter Valley, Joh»
Day's, Lively'B, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scol1»
•nd Eureica. -' r - ■ .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tlclceta to all points »•>
jond San Rafael at half rates, ■
Ticket Offlcps, 650 Market St., Chronicle buUdins>
H. a WHITING, ; . : ; : R. X. AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. _
8 Atlantic
Pacific
1 «vl llt
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrirs
at Market-Street Ferry.
j SANTA FE EXPRESS
; To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Peacekeepers and Tourist Sleepers to ChU-ara
via Kansas City without change. Annex car» (ar
Denver and St. i.ouis. . v
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Paiiv. trl:h _
nnder Harvey s monasenien:. Conn*vuu.>c tr* 1 -*
I leave San Francisco at c a. m. :»ik» S:SU p. m iSa!lt
The best railway from Calttornt* lo j^ l'»»C
I New rails, new ties: no dv« l:»t«re»t*^g j,^ ; , rr ,.
i and good meals in Harv^.v'aaiaittjS-ivom «Ar»its;iLel
: cars.
Ticket Office- 044 Market $%*«•*,
CUrouU-tt> ttuUiivv\g.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Vi» Si»u*«ltii> **♦*•»,* V
; From San Franciioo. ivs -.i«< <i vV...j,- '«^ VK»J.
WKKKIU\*«
For Mill VMlev . U J v*., K*i*«i-^:St\*^*, M4M
' a.m.: 1:45, 5:45 *:^> *;^r- «
Ban Quentin-7 :»0, ? xl> * » j J •> - ■'••■».
Extra trips lor .Sau Kiiwlva, 34»>«0r% V»o**iK
oays and t<»tun»<v4 it U : W v. v
SVNl»\\Sfc
For Mill Vai!?>. >» ■■■■■ *>** $aa Cyj^aMj*-*
8:00. 10:00. 11:8© a. «M »3tV »V«S 4:^, -» \»
p M. *:■- ■ •
7:30 a. m. weofcd*.**— i'»« ■ ■' >iia»<, iw <v^
1:45 p. >*• S*SurM».v»-Tvai*U»» - . ........ .^,,^
ii; 00 a. m. &uui*j .- tMuju f,.j *, im ■m V >lt --^iInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
AFTER SOME U. S. BONDS
An Oakland National Bank
Ready to Take Part of
the Issue.
CRUDE PETROLEUM FOR FUEL.
A Company Organized to Carry on
Plantations in Central
America.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call.)
{♦08 Broadway. Jan. 9. j
The proposed sale of United States bonds
has occasioned some interest here, and P.
K. Bowles of the First National Bank has
telegraphed to New York that every bank
should subscribe to the extent of at least
i"> per cent of the bonds it already holds,
and that his bank is ready to do so.
In speaking o' the matter Mr. Bowles
said this afternoon: "I believe that any
1 ank here which buys these bonds can sell
them again and that they will be a popu
lar investment for people of small means.
A $50 Government bond can be passed in
trade like currency and at the same time
be bearing interest. That advantage will
help to offset the low rate of interest- 4 per
cent.
"The principal difficulty is in knowing
how much premiam yon must bi'itoget
-. It would have been more con
venient if ti.e Government haii offered a
bond at par and asked you to bid on the
rate of interest."'
SKEKS TO KECOTEB MINKS.
An Oakland Woman Ha« Strong Hope
of Becoming Kioh.
OAKLAND, Cai... .'an. 9.— Mrs. C. L.
Bock "f this city is- in correspondence with
Postmaster Bishop of Warm Creek, Utah,
wi.ereby she expects to receive informa
tion which will enable her to recover val
uable minim: land in Utah.
The property in question consists of five
mines near Warm Creek, Millard County,
Utah, which belonged to Mrs. Bock's
fatner, Charles Darnbach, and should have
i.i her and other members of her
had the owner's intentions been
.i hito effect.
Mr. Darnbach was a pioneer of Cahfor
tlling at Dutch Fiat in El Dorado
County, but afterward removed to Millard
. r tali, where he located a number
of claims and worked them with success.
The papers showing his interest in live
fold mines are said to lie in possession of
Brothers vi Warm Creek.
Athletes Form a Club.
i 'A XI. AND, Cai.., Jan. 9.— An athletic
clvii i of prominent yoving men
(■:' Haywajda baa been organized with the
.. ng officers and m mbers. President,
.1. E. Crooks; vice-president, A. J. Powell;
;i-y. A. V. Morgan; trea-urer, Frank
utive committee— E. Pomeroy,
- Pimentel, A. J. Powell, J. V.
Jia ey anil George Smallev. Members —
11. Horn, F. W. Frost, F. Kelly, J. Smith,
1. H. Pimentei, 0. Morgan, M. Rigs, E.
Nickeison, W. E. i'linentel. J. Goodell,
Wesley Moore, Dr. F. W. Browning, F.
Keating, F. Rose, T. McGauley, James J.
llorreeT A. L. Graham. M. Fiores, J. C.
Hamilton, G. Driver, W. Garretson, J. E.
Crook-. . i . Crooks, <'. McDonnell, C.
\. A. la Cunna, S. Hno^on, J. (iomes,
Edward Wells, J. Rogers, George BJanch
ard, A. Y. Morgan, S. A. Morrison, Dr. A.
J. Powell, George Smalley, Charles Rup
pricht, F. Zambre?ky, H. E. Hadley, W.
l'anii, J. E. Geary, A. E. Keating, B. F.
Lee, T. Morris. P. J. Grindeh, M. Mulver
hill. J. V. Haley, — Morgan, C. Neudeck,
S. T. Morean, M. Welsh. W. H. Graliam,
H. A. Hadley, Charles Pape, Walter Mc-
Donnell.
May Result in a Suit.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. o.— The city will
probably be involved in a suit before the
matter of the removal of the basalt blocks
with which some of the railway companies
have paved the space between their tracks
is sett! d. Under an ordinance lately
i Street Superintendent Miller has
notified the Piedmont Company to make
repairs on Washington street and the San
Pablo Cable Company to take up the
Mocks on Broadway. The latter has asked
for time, as the road may be changed to
an electric line, which would necessitate a
change of tracks, and they .would like to
have ail the work done at the same time.
The Piedmont Company has taken no
:iance with the notice, and
Superintendent Bishop holds that the
road will not make the change, and that
the city has not the power to force them
to. The matter is now in the hands of the
C it y Attorney awaiting his decision as to
the city's power to do the work itself.
Will Become Coffee-Planters.
OAKLAND, Cai.., Jan. 9.— For some
time past several prominent Oaklanders
have been considering the project of estab
lishing a coffee plantation in Mexico or
Central America, and papers were fiied
with the County Clerfc to-day organizing
a corporation with a capital stock of $7.3. -
--O<X), under the name of El Compito Coffee
and Commercial Company. Ihe capital
stock has been divided into 12,500 shares
at $<j a share. The incorporators are: J.
P. Moore, 10 shares; W. H. Frost, ID;
Judge Fred Wood, 5; Luther Fillmore 5;
L. W. Holt, 20; T. M. Crawford, ;>; C. H.
Burjr, 5.
The company bas received a concession
from one of the States south of the Rio
Grande, and will cultivate and deal in
cottee and various products of Mexico and
Central America.
Delegates to the Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 9.— The Super
visors have named the following as dele
gates to attend the California Kiver Im
provement convention, which will be held
next Wednesday at the rooms of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce : Cap
tain William Roberts, Senator Eli S. Deni
son, H. P. Dalton, Daniel inman and J.
W. Phillips.
A better understanding of the needs and
wants and an earnest effort on behalf of
needed National legislation for rivers and
harbors will be the aim of the convention.
A Local Train to Niles.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 9.— The people
of Niles are very much interested in the
rumor that the railroad company will
soon extend the local train service to their
town. There an- at present five trains
fruin Niles to San Francisco, but it is ex
pected that there will soon be a train
every two hours. This service would be of
little extra expense to the railroad and
wcniM be of great advantage to the
country about Niles. It is considered
certain that the Southern Pacific Company
must make improvements in its service in
view of the, competing road, which will
soon be its rival.
A Poultry Show Next.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 9.— The exaibit
of the Pacific PouKry and Pigeon Associa
tion will open on the Kith of this month
in the Exposition building to continue a
week. It will be the most complete show
ever held in the State. Some 150-5 entries
have already been made, exhibitors com
ing from Portland, Los Angeles and even
as far East as Denver. A number of clubs
will be represented, each giving a valua
ble prize. A great variety of birds will be
shown and the resources of the country
in tnis respect well displayed. E. 8. Cum
mings of Rock Island, 111., will act as one
of the judges.
Will Burn Crude Petroleum.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 9.— The Judson
Manufacturing Company at Emeryville is
making an experimental test of crude
petroleum as a substitute for coal in their
blast furnaces. Mills with which the Jud
son works are in competition are experi
menting with oil for a fuel, out after dif
ferent methods than are used by the latter
company. The oil can be purchased at a
very reasonable figure, and considering the
difference in the amount of dirt and smoke
made by the two as fuels the latter may
be found rhe most economical to use.
At the Mucilouought
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. o.— The Aramenti
Concert Company of New York will ap
pear in an excellent, programme at the
Macdonough Theater next Saturday even
ing. The company is composed of Mine
Julia Aramenti. prim a donna soprano;
Miss Celia Schiller, concert pianist;
Charles F. Higgins, violin virtuoso. Each
of these musicians has achieved much
praise and favorable criticism in Europe
. as well as in Eastern cities and this will
be t c occasion of their first appearance on
this coast.
Over Promissory >'otes.
OAKLAND, Cm.., Jan. y.— The suit of
Jacob Bertz against J. F. Turner to re-
over on a number of promissory notes
has been set for trial on January 27. The
action is connected with some of the land
transactions of Turner, which, it is
claimed, have been fraudulent* Turner
has been arrested on several criminal
charges, and Bertz claims to be one of the
victims of his sharp practice. The land
involved is situated in Oakland and Brook
lyn townships.
Chicago's Parkhnrst in Town.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 9.— Carlos
Martyn, "the Parknurst of Chicago," is in
town, on his first trip to the coast. Dr.
Mart vn is editor of the Christian Citizen,
i and is secretary of the National Christian
Citizenship League, and is a noted plat
form speaker. He will lecture twice in
this city, under th auspices of the Y. M.
C. A., in their building, on Twelfth and
Clay streets.
St. Mary's Opened To-Day.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 9. — St. Mary's
College, on New Broadway, reopened to- i
day, baring just been rebuilt after the lire '
which almost completely destroyed the
building over a year ago. The faculty is
the same as before, with Brother Waiter
as director. Two hundred scholars are in
attendance, and the brothers expect a
lamer attendance than has ever before"
been on the rolls of the institution.
A Healthful Month.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 9.— The mortu
ary report for December shows that month
to have been an exceptionally healthy one,
its death rate being lower than any "corre
sponding month since 1886. excepting De
cember, 1891. During last month sixty
six deaths were reported, six being by
violence. The birth rate for the month
shows thirty-six males and twenty-four
females.
Funeral of William Gardner.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 9.— The funeral
of William J. Gardner, the foreman of the
Peralta-street railroad yards who was
killed in an accident Monday afternoon,
took place to-day. Rev. Father Akerly
officiating. The funeral was attended by
the fellow-employes of tne deceased as
well as many friends. The interment took
place in Mountain View Cemetery.
Will Come Nt-xt Week.
OAKLAND, Cm.., Jan. 9.— Rev. James
Small, who has been called to take charge
or the First Christian Church of this city.
will arrive with his family from Dcs
Moines, lowa, next week.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
DOS Broadway, Jan. 9. i
The jury that tried ex-Railroad Detective
Kcllog under an indictment for trying to
'•square" the case of George Savage found him
not guilty.
J. B. Mc.Chesney, executor of the will of Ella
J. Mop, has reported the sale of the property on
Harrison and Dupont streets to Dr. L. S. Bur
chard for $8000.
Maggie H. Day of Ogden has requested
County Clerk Jordan to inquire as to the
w hi-rtabouts of Leslie M. Pay. n brother, who
is supposed to be in Al&meda County.
Judge Clift suspended judgment this after
noon in the ca^e of Annie Fox and Josie Jer
gens, the young girls charged fcr vagrancy.
They both de?ire to return to their homes and
were given a three months' probation.
As the new grounds of the Acme Club across
the estuary are too heavy for good bali-jlaving
as yet. Captain Ikinovan has secured the use
of the St. Mary's College campus for tne players
to practice on.
A young man namea Webber passed a forged
check on Joseph Harris on Saturday. It wa«
drawn on the First National Bank for $'_*-.! 5u
in favor of 0. J. Wright, and was signed by
Rusinger & Co. of the Log Cabin Bakery.
An entertainment will be given on January
24 at flolnen (Jate Hall, in the Watts Tract, by
the Cigar-makers' Union for the benefit of
the widow of John Wuelzer, who died some
days ago, leaving a family of seven children.
The inquest on William Buchenen, the man
found dead at a Haywards hotel, developed
the fact that the deceased was afflicted with
chronic asthma, and death was found to be
due to that cause. Buchenen was 09 years
of age.
Henry Lutjiors, a German, 80 years of age,
died at 7 o'clock last night at his home, cor
ner of Seventh street and bwight way, West
Berkeley. His death was sudde n, ana as there
was no physician iv attendance an inquest will
be held.
The latest candidate for the position of chief
engineer of the Fire Department is William H.
Fair, formerly in the employ of the railroad
company as an engineer, but" later a clerk for
Ronse & Co., commission merchants. He is
about 155 years of age.
To-morrow evening the citizens and property
owners will meet in Washington Hall to decide
what they wish done about improving Kast
Twelfth street The owners of street frontage
are in favor of improving if the uncertainty
utout street railroad franchises can be settled".
Steward Victory of the Receiving Hospital
has notified the police that. Tom Lamb, who
was shot by Officer Andrews, is able to be re
moved to his home. Lamb's mother was at
the hospital to-day and weal to see the police
about having her son taken home. She wants
a physician provided, however, at public ex
pense, as she is unable to pay one.
A private detective from Ban Francisco vis
ited Alameda to-aay in an attempt to locate a
man who was reported to have proof thai one
of the jurors in the trial of W. U. T. Durrant
for the murrtfr of Blanche Lamont was not a
citizen. He refused to give any names, but
solrt if he should be successful in securing
such evidence an effort would be made to
have the verdict in the case set aside.
BICYCLE ORDINANCE,
The Police Arrest Nino Persons for
Violating It-* Provisions.
The police started out last night to en
force the bicycle ordinance passed by the
Board of Supervisors last November. The
ordinance provides that no person shall
immoderately, carelessly or negligently
ride a bicycle on any public street at a
speed fa&terthan six miles an hour.
In three hours last night they arrested
nine violators of the ordinance, eijjht on
Devisadero street and one on Golden Gate
avenue. Their names are: Henr%' Behr
mann Jr., Samuel NoHing, F. A. Itoberfs,
J . H. Browne]], F. Miller, George Chris
tian, A. J. Fremont, Frank Maguire and
A. P. Mallone. Their apes range from 10
to 40 years. Each gave $10 cash bail.
SUNDAY BASEBALL.
The Pacific* and Olympics Will Play
Again at Central Park. I
_, „ . a ■ , ... . "■•--. , i. m
The 1 acmes and Olympics will do battle
on the diamond once more Sunday after
noon. Manager Rogers is confident that
his team will win this lime, and Manager
Kennedy calmly says that he is ready.
There will be a cash stake, but the amount
of it has not been decided' upon, yet. The
positions will be as follows:
Pacifies. Positions. Olympics.
S^:::::::;;:::::.§^r:::::;;;;::::::fee
l«nge First base ....Powers
Hanley.... Second base .Keed
Pequlney -''? lrd hasp ...Mertes
t tc %^::::::::::SZ^.\v:::::* u^
Wields .........Lett fie (l .- Kruc
Walters v....v.;.; Right field..: Olminel 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 189 6.
SCHAFFER USES THREATS.
The McCloud Rehearing Ends
With a Disgraceful
Scene.
REVIEW OF THE DEPARTMENT.
Mayor Davie and Chief Lloyd Mixed
Up in a Police Complica
tion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cam.,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 9. «'
The rehearing accorded to W. M. Mc-
Cloud, an ex-policeman, was concluded to
day. Perjury was committed somewhere
as both sides flatly contradicted each
other, and McCloud's attorney, Aldrich,
asked Mr. Schaffer a question that brought
on a riot.
McCloud has had seme valuable wit
nesses, including ex-Mayor Pardee and
Sheriff White.
The row this afternoon wa3 precipitated
while Policeman Andrews was on the
stand. Attorney Aldrich asked the wit
ness if Mr. Babb had not said that he had
seen Schaffer and Torn Downey leaving a
questionable resort, "drunk and in com
pany of disreputable women." This
an;;ered Schqffer, and waiting up to Al
drich he iaid :
"No man that casts such a slur on my
family as that should go out of this room
without eating iiis words. As to your
cowardly reference to the memory of' Mr.
Downey, a respected man who was laiu in
ins grave over a year ago, 1 will say noth
ing.' 1
S naffer then took hold of Aldrich' 8
Masonic emblem and continued: "You
are a Mason, I sef, and so am I. lam
ashamed that one should so disgrace his
manbooo by such contemptible behavior."
Aldrich said that he did not mean it in
the way take:i by Schaffer. Then the case
was taken under advisement.
During the hearing Captain Fletcher
said that McCloud's record as a policeman
w:>s bai. and that any one who hehaved a?,
McCloud did was best off the force.. On
being questioned farther ho sai>; that ihere
was a division in the Police Department
and that, although tiiere was always more
or less friction, it is now pronounced more
than ever. Captain Wilson also said that
McCioud's record as a policeman was not
good.
Patrolman Lamping, who was a witness
for Schaffer at the investigation, has been
suspended from th force, and syc charges
were preferred against him to-day Dy Chief
Lloyd. It is alleged that he sat down
while on his beat, that he does not pay
bis deb ; s. that he tried to tix a case in the
Police Court, that he smokodjbefore 1 a. m.,
that he was a sent from hi> beat with
out permission and that be is totally un
reliable. The charges will be heard Thurs
day morning.
To add to the complications already ex
isting m the department M;iyor Davie has
threatened to suspend Chief of Po
Lloyd if he again refuses to let the city ex
pert see his books.
A UNIVERSITY RESERVOIR
Two Dams Will Be Constructed
on the Stiles Property in
the Foothills.
Proposed Extension of the Oakland
Electric Railway to North and
West Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cai,., Jan. 9.— Of the seve
ral projects now under consid eration for
the improvement of the University of Cali
fornia reservation at Berkeley, that of
building a reservoir seems to be the most
extensive and the most fruitful of lasting
good. The water supply of the university
has been wholly inadequate for the pa'jt fif-
teen or twenty years. On this account it has
been impossible to grow any gra3s or orna
mental trees on the campus save in the
botanical and agricultural garden?. Even
these have suffered from the lack of suf
ficient moisture. Various methods have
been resorted to in order that the supply
niicht be increased, but without avail.
The hills back of the chemistry building
are literally perforated with tunnels and
drifts made in the attempt to strike a flow
of water, but to no purpose. Several
thousand dollars was spent in executing
this work. Durine the presidency of
Horace Davis a piece of property compris
ing twenty-seven acres, situated on the
eastern boundary of the university reser
vation, was purchased with a view to
using a portion of it for a reservoir. Three
Site of the Proposed New Reservoir of
the University of California, Berkeley.
acres more adjoining this tract were neces
sary, and for tnese the Board of Repents
offered Mrs. Stiles $3000. She asked $15,
--000. and so the deal was not made at that
time. Subsequently the board entered
suit condemning the property. This has
recently been decided in favor of the Re
gents, and the appraisers set the price- of
the land at !f 3OOO, which sum has been
paid to Mrs. Stiles. This gives the uni
versity undisputed possession of a great
natural watershed, which pours down its
waters into Strawberry CreeK. In winter,
after a heavy shower, the water rushes
down in torrents, but in midsummer the
creelc is dry in places for a portion of the
season.
The property purchased embraces in its
area springs which have almost a per
petuai flow, and also a natural reservoir
about 1000 feet in breadth and a mile or
more iii length. it is the purpose of the
,° h r /^ S °°^ aS the m ? I JS. y ' s available,
Elf "to? b^kinJV^ne «, rCSerV ° ir £
ofher halFt-^h^iqSLtlrsof'a'm le'up
the canyoilf to catch the gravel, stones and
silt which come down during hich water
£° th , wiil be buU ,f K of -atone. and bem.nL'
Ihe lower dam will be located about 300
yards to the rear of the chemistry build
ing, and will have its foundation 150 feet
********* of North Han. itwmfi
capable of restraining the flow of nearly
100,000,000 gallons. The water will be
piped to various parts of the campus and
used mainly for irrigation purposes. Pro
fessor Hifsard says that it will be possible
to use som of it for laboratory and drink
ing purposes after having been filtered.
The committee on buildings and grounds
is preparing a report on the proposed
reservoir for presentation to the whole
board in session.
Another Electric Road.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 9.— The most
recent report put into circulation with re
gard to proposed new electric roads for
Berkeley is that the Oakland Consolidated
Company will extend its lines to North
an. l West Berkeley during the coming
spring. The route to North Berkeley, if a
franchise can be secured for it, wilTbe up
Oxford street and down Milvia. The road
to West Berkel y will in all probability be
along University avenue.
Good Government Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 9.— The Good
Government Club will hold its regular
monthly meeting next Saturday evening
at the residence of P. H. Boone, president
of the Hoard of Education.
Fonzo's Horse and Buggy.
BERKELEY, Cai., Jan. 9. —Several days
ago the horse and buggy belonging to or
supposed to belong to, Fred Fonzo, the ex
restaurant-keeper of Berkeley, were sold at
public auction by Marshal Lloyd to satisfy
a judgment of $52 50. Sanitary Inspector
Frank Thompson bid in the "rig for $65.
In order to raise tiie money he sold his
old horse and cart, which lie considered
worth $60, for $20. Yesterday Thompson
had Ji is new purchase out oil exhibition
before a party of his friends, when a Dep
uty Marshal approached and with a writ
of replevin sworn out by Fonzo's wife,
who claimed to be the owner, took the
turnout a* ay with him. Now the In
' i ector is out two horses, one buggy, one
cart and :v>7 and does not know how he
will get cvi d again.
BLIND, BUT A WHEELMAN
The Ride of Newel Perry, the
Sightless Cycler, to and From
San Jose.
Made the Entire Round Trip From
Berkeley Without an Accident.
An Extraordinary Feat.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 9. — Newel
Perry, the phenomenal blind student in
the senior class at the university, ha
added another chapter to his already sin
gularly brilliant career. Lust Friday, in
Newel Perry, the Blind Studeat Who
Rode to San Jose and Back on a
Bicycle.
[From a photograph.]
company with a friend — GiloertS. Walker,
U. C, '96 — he rode to San Jose on a bi
cycle. Perry is totally blind and has been
so for fourteen years, but he has neverthe
less managed to learn the art of bicycle
riding so that he is able to find his way
unassisted along any street or road with
which he is acquainted and over which he
has nassed on foot.
In taking his long run to San Jose last
week Perry's companion roue ahead. H<
carried a bell on his wheel and thus the
blind biker was able to keep in the road.
The two wheelmen started from Berke
ley at noon on Friday, going by way of
San Leandro and stopping for tlie night at
Mount Eden. San Jose was reached on
Saturday night, and the return trip was
made on Sunday as far as .9 an Mateo. from
which place Perry and Walker took the
train to San Francisco.
At this season of the year the roads, be
tween Oakland and San Jose especially,
are decidedly rough and in places it is
somewhat difficult for a person with the
use '>: all his senses to make ordinary time,
but L'erry "pumped" his machine Fill the
way and escaped without a sc.-aich. He
met with several falls ana his tire became
punctured once or twice, but the blind
rider did not even so much as receive a
single bruise. Perry is very modest about
memioning his extraordinary feat of
wheelrnanship and considers bicycle riding
a very ordinary proceeding, lii speaking
of how lie learned to ride he said: "I
rented a wheel one day and went to Col
lege way, where I mounted and tried to
ride, but, of course, I fell off. I tried again,
and kept on trying until I wa- able to keep
my seat, and I see no reason why any
blind person should not do the same."
FUNERAL OF J. W. COLEMAN
The Pioneer Capitalist's Remains
Buried at Mountain
View.
Many Prominent San Francisco and
Oakland Men Attend the Final
Services.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 9. j
The funeral of John W. Coleman, the
pioneer capitalist, took place from the
fnmily residence on Eighth street at 2
o'clock this afternoon. Tlie ceremonies
were after the ritual of the Episcopal church,
Rev. A. A. McAllister, chaplain at Mare
Island, officiating, and Rev. F. J. Mynard
of St. John's Episcopal Church, this city,
assisting. There wa3 no vocal music, as
is usual in this service.
The massive metallic casket was in the
main parlor of the residence. Ferns,
roses, violets, tube roses and other floral
offerings banked the casket. The plate
upon the lid was of silver p.nd bore the
simple inscription of the name, date of
birth, death and ape of Mr. Coleman
Many prominent citizens of San Fran
cisco, as well as those who knew Mr. Cole
nian in Oakmnd, were present at the
services, the halls and rooms of the resi
dence being tilled with those who came to
pay the final tribute of respect to the dead
capitalist.
The honorary pall-bearers, representing
the corporations with which the deceased
had been connected, were as follows: J.
J. Valentine, representing Wells-Fargo
Express Company; Henry Williams, rep
resenting the California Safe Deposit and
Trust Company; Thomas Brown, the
Bank of California; William F. Russell,
the North Pacific Coast Railway Company ;
Charles D. Haven of the Liverpool, Lon
don and Globe Insurance Company; War
ren Wilkinson, the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind Asylum at Berkeley, and A. K.
Grim, the Oakland Consolidated Railroad
Company.
Thes^ advanced to the entrance to the
grounds and stood with uncovered heads
as the casket was borne to the hearse. The
pall-bearers wre: Frank O. Rodman, A.
Murbach, T. H. Porter and William Ar
lington, representing the Oakland Consoli
dated Railroad Company, and George Kirli,
A. C. Beck, James Nolan and J-ohn Sinter.
reprefcentin.tr the Oakland Consolidated
Gas, Lit;ht and Heat Company.
Among those who attended the obse
quies were: Colonel William Edwards,
George W. Ary Jr., George Ives, E. Eyre,
Jeremiah Lynch, A. F. Coffin, represent
ing the StocK Exchange of ban Francisco;
Captain John T. Wright, Colonel William
Edwards, Frank Powell, B. Everts, C. N.
Feltqn Jr.; A. P. Hayne, Berkeley; R.
N. Risdon.A. B. Murray, P. B. Thornton,
J. G. Drisool], C. D. P'helps, W. H. Os
borne, W. J. Thomas, T. Gorman, O. Col
lostor, E. H. Schumacher, Superintendent
Captain J. MeKenzie, Captain J. Brooks,
of the North Pacific Coast Railroad; J. B.
Garber, J. L. Browne; N. P. S. Coleman,
brother of the deceased ; John W. Coleman,
nephew of the deceased; Miss C. E. Cole
man, niece; A. K. Grim, Thomas Brown,
Henry Williams, W. W. Foote, D. E. Mar
tin, James Moffitt, K. T. McKenzie, An
(ir<.w Frischkorn, Gus Mscdonald, E. W.
Hopkins, Dr. W. Bartiett, B. F. Dunham,
W. D. English, 11. T. Hcott,~T*. A. Grow,
Joseph ClarKe. F. W. Zeiie, W. M.
Newhall, Joseph M. Quay, F. W.
Frost, N. G. Kittle, John A. Brit
ton, James Gallagher, James Dal
lis, G. Robertson, S. McClure, John
Sparks, J. West Martin; Captain August
Rodders, Coast Survey; James ami John
Tread we 11 of the Corral Hollow road, T.
Maboney, C. R. Wilcoxon, D. G. Lake; H.
L. Wilson, ban Francisco; J. Glaseoek,
Major J. E. McElrath, George W. Gray
son. E. B. Clement, Major J. B. Mhoon,
Donald Y. Cameron, William P. Milier,
Thomas Carter, Dr. Muhr, E. C. Ses>ions,
William D. English, Professor Suiile, W.
\V. Blow, S. B. McKte, J. C. McK.ee, It. L.
Knowles, W. L. Prat her, E. Everett, Jud^e
Wallace, H. Messick, 1.. Bill, Edward
Hopkins, Captain D. E. Martin.
" KING'S DAY" SERENADE.
A Portuguese Custom That Has Been
Revived in the Town of
Dceoto.
DECOTO, Cal., Jan. 9.— "King's Day,"
a Portuguese holiday, has ju3t been cele
brated by the Portuguese in this town.
To properly celebrate* it, a little band of
eight men dressed in fantastic costumes i
and masks. Toward evening they started 1
on; with drum, life and accordion to
march by and to us- while dancing.
Four of the men were dressed as ladies
and four in different male attire. When
passing a hou»e the leader called a halt
on his whistle, and the company , followed
by a crowd, would pile uj> into the yard
and U[> to the front door. When all were
there, if t lie door were not at once opened,
the musicians would commence a song.
When the song was finished the uoor
was thrown open and all who could en
tered. Tho^e in costume formed lines
in the center of the room, the band struck
up and the dance commenced. For the
ten minutes the dance wont 0:1 not a word
was npoken and at the end the host usu
ally passed retreshments around.
After a general health drinking the
inarch was resumed to the next hou-e.
This was kept up tiil long after midnight.
Some of the residences visited were tho.-e
of Americans and the Jittle band was gen
erally admitted.
NO TRAMPS IN ALAMEDA
The Encinal City Avoided Be
cause of Severe Sentences
for Vagrants.
Feeling Over the Bovard Criticism of
Clubs Seems to Be on the
Increase.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 9. —Tramps are
very scarce in Alameda. It is a little off
their main line of travel, but tlie main
reason why they give the city a wide berth
is the activity of the constables and the
sternness of the local magistrates. Justice
Morris has acquired a reputation that hns
penetrated the councils of all trampdom
and there are no chalk signs pointing
toward Alameda as a eood nlace for the
hobo fraternity.
On Tuesday a tramp named Henry
Curtis was tip before the Justice. He was
asked why his fraternity has been so shy
of Alameda of late anu gave as the reason :
"We don't like judge Morris. He give-;
us from thirty days to three months and
other Judges let us off with three to rive
days."
Key. Mr. Mnrgan'M Position.
ALAMEDA, Cat,., Jan. 9.— Rev. Henry
Victor Morgan has sent a communication
to a local paper announcing "is exact po
sition as to the Bovard strictures on Aia
meda clubs. It had been announced that
he would reply to Rev. Mr. Bovard, and
take the part of the clubs. The club mem
hers are making preparations to attend
the Christian church services on the occa
sion of the forthcoming sermon. The
members of El Nido Club have only to
cross a hall, for the church services are
held in the same building tnat the club
rooms are located in.
Diamond Cyclers.
ALAMEDA, Cat.., Jan. 9.— The follow
ing new ottieers have been elected ov the
Diamond Cycling Club: President, G. A.
Rosenberg; vice-president, H. W. Maas;
secretary and treasurer, C. D. Hicks; cap
tain, David Greenleaf ; tirst lieutenant, E.
R. Marriott; second lieutenant, George
Middlemass. The ciub is fitting up new
quarters in Part row, and will move by
tne time of the next regular meeting. A
committee consisting of Robert Schling
hyde. Al Cummers and George Miller has
been appointed to make arrangements for
an entertainment for the opening evening 1 .
The Art Students' Class.
ALAMEDA, Cat.., Jan. 9.— The ladies of
tho Alunvjda League of Art Students are
organizing for the year of 189 G. Regular
weeKly classes will meet on Wednesday
evenings at J. D. Jewett's studio, 2409
Santa Clara avenue. A professional model
has been engaged, and the classroom has
been tltted with incandescent lamps.
Hose Company Election.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 9.— Sherman
Hose Company has elected the following
officers: foreman, Martin Hackett; first
assistant, Richard Xoy ; second assistant,
Antonio Sousa; treasurer, George Graham ;
secretary, Thomas Smith; trustee of relief
fund, Henry Muller.
An Alameda Fire.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 9.— Shortly after
noon yesterday nn alarm was turned in
from box 32, cau ed by a fire in George S.
Beadle's cottage, at 1020 Santa Clara
avenue. The tire was caused by the ex
plosion of a coal-oil stove.
Artillery Inspector.
General Forsyth has annouuced the appoint
ment, i>ubjep.t to the approval of the mHjor
gcueral commanding the army, of Lieutenant-
Colonel Francis L. Guenther artillery inspector
for the Department ot California
In 1834 Faraday proved the strength of
a battery to depend on the number of
plates.
MANY SUFFERERS HELPED
Satisfactory Reports of the
Officers of the Children's
Hospital.
THE MORTGAGE ALL PAID OFF.
The Annual Meeting Shows a Very
Hopeful Condition of
Affairs.
The board of lady managers of the
Children's Hospital held its annual meet
ing yesterday afternoon and the reports
of the officers showed that the institution
is extending the sphere of its activity and
that the affairs of the hospital are on a
thoroughly satisfactory basis.
Mrs. E. 11. Harrington, the president,
stated in her report that though the past
year had not been without its trials it had,
on the whole, been the most satisfactory
in the history of the hospital. The report
continued :
During the (irst six months of the year there |
was a decline in the number of patients ad- !
mitted, but the lu^t hali year has shown a con-
Biderable Increase, and there is reason to be
lli ye that the coming year will show a still !
larger increase. Those who have availed !
themselves of Us advantages are unanimous in j
their praise o { t t, e Cftre and s kiiif u i treatment
they have received.
Our training school for nurses has become a i
magniflcem institution in Ban Francisco. At
an earlier j>eri>><l in its history it was regarded :
ii- a doubtful experiment by some members of
the medical profession, but at this time, thanks |
to the Intelligent training of our nurses, 1 ' :
know of no enlightened physician who does;
not gladly avail himself of their services.
The report called attention to the need
of a nurses' home and concluded by ex
pressing a hopeful view of the coming
year.
The recording secretary, Mrs. L. L. Dun
bar, read an exhaustive review of the past
year's events, part of Which was as fol
lows:
Five hundred and fifty-two cases hnve been
cared for during the year. Of these three-hun
dred and twenty-five were children, one hun
dred and torty-einht of whom were absoluetly
free case-., of the women, thirty-two were free
cases. I";. 'iii our adult department we depend
in a lame measure for support foi our chil
dren's department. The necessity for a new
operating-room for adults forces itself upon
us, and active means must be taken in
regard to it without further delay.
The kindergarten, in its bright sunny cor
ner, is still one of the attractions of the hospi
tal. Jt is wortii a visit, this strange little
school of *'the lame, the halt and the blind,"
who hobble in on crutches, arc rolled in in
chairs, or led in by little companions, afflicted
themselves, but mil of sympathy for those
they > onsiiler more unfortunate.
One m.-morial r< om and four memorial beds —
the Daughters (the gift of Mrs. D. S.
Murphy),the Edith (W. K.Whiuier), theCarlton
C. Carlton and the Zadig— have been estab
lished. The memorial bed committee has *o
systematized their work that, the beds are in
admirable order.
At the dispensary a great amount of good
has been done, but financially it has run be
hind. The average number of patients there
each month was "267. The class oi patients are
the very poor of our City, and the sum of 25
cents charged for drugs was more than many
of them could afford; in these cafes no charge
whs made. All credit is due our dispensary
staff aad-nuntea. for they ha\e gone checriully
wiuuever called.
The report expressed thanks to givers of
donations to the hospital and to promoters '
of entertainments, and it stated that, -
thanks to the »ift of ifoOO from W. F.
W.ittier, to be applied to t c payment of
the mort^a^e on the hospital, efforts had ;
been made to raise more money, and now ;
$5u83, or nearly one-half the amount of the
mortgage, had been raised.
When the Wilinerdini; bequest was r>aid
it was decided to pay ofi the balance of the
mortgage. This was done, and the hospi
tal is now free from any rnortira^e.
The medical report, submitted by the
resident physician, Dr. Fannie C. Hutch
ins, showed that twenty-one cases had been i
received from other institutions, and that !
twenty-four nationalities had been repre- ;
sented by the year's patients. The report
of tho treasurer, Mr*. F. H. Green, was as
follows: Cash on hand on January 1, 1895,
}'_-V-l 24: receipts for the year. $52,354 39;
total amount of cash handled, $54,875 65;
disbursements. $45,373 88; cash on hand
January 1, 1896, $387 96; in Crocker-■Wool
worth Hank, $6114 30.
The following officers were elected :
President, Mrs. W. B. Harrington; vice-pres
idents, Mrs. William Hardy and Mrs. W. ft. A.
Johnson ; recording secretary, Mrs. L. L. Duii
b&r; corresponding secretary, Mr*. F. A. Frank;
treasurer. Mrs. F. H. Green; hoard of trustees—
W. P. Whit tier, H. L. Dodge, J. F. Merrill, John
Tayloi and W. J. Button.
Managers— Mrs. W. B. Harrington, Mrs. Wil-
Ham Hardy, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mr.-. \V. R. A.
Johnson, Mrs. J. H. Dickinson, Mrs. E. Burke,
Mrs. K. C. Logan, Mr.-. Charles £. urecn, Mm. :
George F. Grant, Mrs. Henry Bothin, Mrs.
[gnati Bteinhart, Mrs. F. A. Frunk. Mrs. Jame<i
\V. Kerr, Mrs. W. T. Fonda, Mr-- Wendell i
Baston, Mrs. H. Dutard, Mr?. P. B. Horton,
>irs. C. B. Alexander, Mr.-. W. I. Shaw, Mrs. 11.
M. Fisko, Mrs. K. 11. Ureen. Mrs. I. N. Walter,
Mrs. Fannie Lent, Mrs. J. E. Hobaon, Mrs. N.
D. Uideout, Mrs. Rolla V. Watt, Mrs. J. F. Mer
rill, Mrs. W. J. Dutton, Miss Mary T. Hoffinun.
Visiting staff— Lucy M. F. Wanzer, M.D.;
Ilarrv M. Sherman, M.D.: Kinma Sutra Mcr
rltt, M.D.; William E. Hopkins, M.l>. ; Charles
A. yon lloffnum, M.D.; Edna R. Field, M.D.;
Beverly MaoMonagle, M.D. ; William B.
Lv.it;. M.D.
Assistant visiting: stafF— >. J. Ilunkin, M.D. ;
France? K. SDragne, M.D. ; Job n C. Spencer,
M.D.; Mary E. Morrison, M.1). ; Harry Kast
Miller, Ph.D., chemist; Jennie M. Simpson,
dentist.
Dispensary clinicians— Emma Sutro Merritt.
M.D.; Rosamond L. Cox. M.1). ; Frances K.
Sprague. M.L>. ; Marc-ia Billings Cleveland,
M.D.: Mary \V. Moody, M.D.; Kmma Lafoun
talne, M.D. ; Mary P. Campbell, M.D.
REAL ESTATE " TRANSACTIONS.
Paul Shirley to Maud S. P.ije (In trust for Shir
ley Pa?e), lot on s line of Vallcio street, 142:6 W
of Killmore, W 32:0 by s 137:6; also lot on W line
ot Pierce street, 100 S of V.illejo, s 25 by W 112:6,
trust deed; ■?'>.
Daniel and Kllen Einstein to Barnard Goldberg,
lo*. on X line of Baker street, 137:0 8 of McAllister,
Si'2s by X 95:7 V-:: $10.
Micnhei 1.. and Idella Kelly to Rupert Wannen
mHcher, lot on SW corner of Baker and McAllister
streets, S 37:0 by W 96:101;!; ?I<>.
William Kolllbs to George M. Center, lot on S\V
I THE FRUIT GROWING I
I INDUSTRY I
m IS EXHAUSTIVELY TREATED IN TUB Si
1 1
$$ „„„_.__ A BO , OK 0F 325 PAQE9, 9x12 INCHES, JUST ISSUED. /M
ffli ——— — — ~i~\ Every detail is Rirnn, from nursery to market, including 'W
Jjj^ crops, prices and profits. Santa Clara County, its cities, towns, orchard*, %v
f vineyards and prominent peopla, illustrated from 939 photographs. A work £\
$\ of art, suitable lor the center- table, and a moat appropriate Christmas pre»- 0h
]X ent. There is scarce'y a question that could be asked concerning Santa W
W Clara County and its resources that is not fully answered. W/
J0 II will .be sent, expref>s«jr* prepaid, to any part of the United k^j
/nh States at the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 75 cent* per oopy; {m
m^ bound in leatherette, $1.25 per copy. JJC
yjh Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, M
\&y San Jose, California. v\
corner of Lewis and Lacuna streets, s 875 by W
137:6: $5.
August C!. Hinn to Josephine 11. Wilson, lot on
W line of Irhotwell street. 240 X or Tweatv-founh.
W 105, M-; 122, s 64:9; $1.
James dtllaghan to James .1. Cal'.aghan, lot on X
line of Kearuy .si. I-:, 28:8 of Filbert, s '.is by k
'27:6; gift.
bamel Mary Posso'o, lot on Klin' of Kearoy
streer. 51 :B 8 of Filbert, S 28 by E 27:0; «if;.
Charles C. Hem to Curtis G.'Kenyon, . a on R
line of Bryant street, 316 \V of Second, W 26 by
»H0;$10.
Curtis G. and Alice C. Kenyon to Charles c.
Bemis, lot on N line of Park Lane North, 210 W
of second street, '» 25 by X 'JO: $ ./
William Jacobs to Cur le Kitclieil, lot on NB
corner of Yolo and Vermont streets, E 200, X 275,
W 100. s 100. W 100, M 176: lot on SW corner of
Sonoma and Kansas streets, S ] oby VV 50; lot on
XW corner of Douglass and Twenty -eight streets,
W 251:0, N 114. W 60:11, <> 114, X 305:5, a 228;
lots 17, 19, 21 and 23, Gift Map H ; :■ ! .ft.
Emauuel H. Lyon to Mcses I. Lyon, lot on SW
corn, rof Hf!t>enth' avenue and Clement street, X
20 1:3 by \Y 231 :11 ; ?lu.
• George M, Coon to Mary A. Coon, lot on X line
of Cement straet, 57:6 fc. of Fifth avenue, E 25 by
X 100: gift.
I. J. and Margaret A. Martin to Tom Ton Fonfr,
lot on 8 line of t> street, 57 jj Eof Twenty-fin ave
nue, E 50 by s 100: $10.
Patrick and i rah Zammll end Margaret E. and
Dominic F. I obcrts to Cathenna Campagno, lot on
SW corner of Silliioan anil Dartmouth streets, 8
100 by W 120, lot l, block 55, University Exten
sion Homestead Association; $ 1000.
AI.AMKDA COCNTV.
Lilly F. B. Nlcolnides arid F..T. Brown to Cora
linn v. Mcßean. lot on X line of Brown or Thirty
fourth street, 595.H5 \V o! Telegraph avenue, \V
42 by X 119:10, being portion of lot, 22, estate of
A. C. Brown, Mai) B, quitclaim deed, Oakland;
$10.
Horace F. Garcelon to Kate F. Courtney (wife of
W. P.). lot on Wlinrof Union s:reet, 108:6 S of
Twenty-sixth, 826 by W 115, block T, survey of
northern extension to Oakland, Oakland; #10.
P. 11. Pollard, by E. a. Heron and Albert Brown,
trustees, to Standard Building and Loan Associa
tion, lot on - corner of Bast Seventeenth and Twen
ty-second avenue, SE 50 by SW 140. beiiiß lots 17
and 18, buck tin, San Antonio, trustees' deed, (Cast
Oakland; $1484.
Alexander J. and Mary Gilardin to Josephine
Hoßarty (wife of J. B.), lot on XX line of East
Fourteenth street, 100 SB of Sixteenth' avenue, HE
25 by XE HO, lot 5, block 18, San Antonio. Bast
Oakland; gift.
Thomas N. Movie to Evan L. Reese, lot 11, block
9, Hercosr Tract, Golden Gate, Berkeley: 9512.
J. K. and Agnes Stewart to J. a. Patton, lot on
XW corner of i'.ris:ol and California streets, X 135
by W 100, portion of Range 13, Hardy Tract,
Berkeley; 10.
James W. and Roella Baldwin to Henry Blyth,
lot on S line of Colleg" way, 3f<9:l 1/2 B of Sbattuck
street, h 45 by B 124 :6, block a, Vina lots adjacent
to the university site on the west. Berkeley ; $10.
Charles A. and Allege. Bailey to Rasmus Hestiy,
lot 10. block 138. Corrected .Map A very 1 race,
Berkeley; $5.
Joseph J. and Barbara Mason to Gertrude \V.
Littlijohn, loi on X line of Blake street, 100 \v of
Ellsworth, W 50 by X 136, being lot 22, dock
145-1. Blake Tract. Maps land 2, Berkeley; ■ 00,
George Radston to Kebeoca Rjidston, Io _::.
bloi'k B, Oakland View Homestead Association,
quitclaim <\< ed, Oakland; $10.
Rebecca Radston to Julius Radston, Julia
Lauter and I.lllie Asher, undivided one-sixteemh
of lot 23, block B, same, Oakland : $10.
L. B. Grove to Charles A. Appledorn, lot on Si:
corner of Third and Grove streets. E 72 by > 100,
the \v 72 feet of lots 5 to 8, block 22, warrant)-,
Oakland: $10.
Charles 1. and Emma J. Tozer to James \V.
Woodward, the E 20 feet of lot 5 and W 7 feel of
lot C, block C. Broadway and Telt graph-avenue
Park Tract, being a resubdivision of ulocks A to >
Weston Tract, subject to mortgage for $1200,
Oakland Township; $10.
James W. and Meloda .1. Woodward to Grace
Berry, sanie, Oakland Township; *10,
(Jrace Berry to F. X. Handy, same; $10.
F. X. Handy 10 J. H. Walker, same; $10.
J. 11. and Louisa Walker to i. H. Sly, same; $10.
William F. and A. i -.. Lewis (by attorney) to L.
Sly, the K3O feet of lot 2 arid W 7 feel of lot 3
and X 20 feet cf lot 5 and W 7 feet Of lot 6, block
C, same, tract, Oakland Township, quitclaim d ■•• ■■!•
$10.
Rachel B. Chambers to Mary H. SJpeakman. lot
on X line of Forty-fifth street, 490 \v of West
street, X 100 by W 50. lot 80, blocK 2108. Alden
Truct at Temescal, Oakland Township; $10.
Alida and Lyman B. Babb to H. L. Walker, lot
18, Copgeshall Tract. X of San Pablo avenue, Oak
land 'lowuship; $600. ;..-.75. : ::■:■
Matlie J. Shaw to Town of Berkeley, lot on \V
line of Ellis street, 326:3 Hoi Fairvlew avonue, S
4:9 by W 120, portion of lot. Or 1 , b:ock v. Ri;;ent
street Homes' to be used lor a public highway,
Berkeley: $69.
O to A. and L. J. Rudolph to same, lot on F. line
of Kills street, 301 8 of I'airvic.v. X .SO. X 120, S
30. W 120 to beginning, being the 3 30 feet of lot
124, block 1, Regent-street Homestead, to be used
lor a public highway, Berkeley: $056.
George H. and I'uebe A. Wright to same, lot on
E line of Ellis street. 301 R of Foirview, 8 30 by i-:
102, being the X 30 feet of lot 125, block 1, Kegent
street Homestead, to be used for a public highway,
Berkeley; $852. : ;.
Mary A. Ward to i-ame,lot on E lineof
st;>- t. 801 ■• of Fairvlew avenue, 8 30 by X 120,
being the X M feet of lot 61, block 2. Regent-street
Ho e.slead. Berkeley, for public highway: $1.0.
Frank 1. Kendall to Marguerite L. Kcnda 1, lot
on XE corner of Fourteenth and Ch stn t s:reets,
N 105 by E 82, block £89; Rift.
James O. and Rosa W. Carroll to Ambrose P.
Snow, lot on s\V line of Fourteenth street, 115 £
of Wood, B 25 by S 106:3, lot 5, block J, Uarden
Tract, homestead map 2, subject to a mortgage,
Oakland: $10.
George ZuiHlen to Sophie v ,lrslen, lot on W line
of Horton or Helen street, 325 s or A or Thirty,
second, 825 by W 133, portion lot 11, block X",
lands of Peralta Homestead Association, Oakland;
gift.
J. E. JlcElrath et al. (by commissioner) to Mary
J. Andrews, lot on -5 line of Forty-fourth street,
290 W of Grove, S 100 by \V 50, lot 10, block
2099, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland Town
ship; *1777.
W. W. Woodcock to same, same, quitclaim deed,
Oakland Township; $10.
Jos ph a d Emma S. Reluhardt to J. D. Ttlaon
and 11. M. Davidson, lot on s line of Forty-sixth
street, 140 Eof Grove, S 100, E 26, H 100, W to
beginning, lot 6, block 2110. same subject to a
mortgage to Columbian M. B. and L. Association
for $860, Oakland Township: $10.
William P. and Alice F. To Id to Mrs.B. C. Batter,
lot '1, bio K. Thermal Hill, formerly ;lie Howe,
Trnct, Oakland Township; 610.
Antonio and Catter.na Verdi to Gaetur.a Verdi
(wife of Giuseppe) undivided two-thirds of lo: on
.\"E corner of Francisco and Kola strfie-s. X' 270:9
by E 100, lots 1 to 8. block 3, Teachers' .State Uni
versity Homestead, Berkeley; also personal prop
erty: BIUOO.
NEW TO-DAY,
Introduced strictly
on its merits
fc & a iSli ior P ast 30 years
THE IDEAL, TONIC
Recommended by all
who have
GIVEN IT A TRIAL
{ Mailed Free. nmmm _
I Descriptive Book with Testimony and I
I Portraits j
: OF NOTED CELEBRITIES. j
Beneficial and Agreeable.
Every Test Proves Reputation.
ATOld Substitutions. Ask for ' Tin HarUni.'
At Druggists and Fancy Grocers.
MARIANI & CO.,
L^f^oSSJESL KW - ********
1314
LOCAL BREWERS SCARED
Have Called a Sudden Halt on
the Threatened Cut-Rate
Beer War.
THE DRIVERS ARE ORGANIZING
The Internal Troubles May Be Patched
Up So as to Combat Labor
Unionism.
The local brewer? have become thor
oughly alarmed at what they have done
toward precipitating a cut-throat beer
war and are now discussing plans to re
unite their scattering and various interests
in the Brewers 1 :■■ live Association,
which came bo near going to pieces at the
stormy meeting last Friday. A new dan
ger or, to be more correct, two new dan
ger* have appeared. As these come from
a source outside of the association they
appear all the more formidable.
It is the old skeleton of organized labor
that is again rattling in the brewers'
closet.
The fight among the brewers themselves
promised to be a merry one. It was started
by the California and Broadway breweries
cutting the price of steam beer from $5,
tin.' standard price adopted by the asso
, ■ -• - 50 per barrel. At least
was the finding of the investigation
committee, and the latter recommended
that* ition make a grand cut in
•der i" discipline the offending
brew< a l< ssi n to all others
•who might be inclined t>> cut that they
had b a little cautious before do-
:i this subject the brewers were di
: ibis division almost split the
wide open, judging from ttie
- of several who were present.
Such a course srould cause every In. ■
it and work for himself, no matter
■ 1. The members oi the assu
n wransled until dinnertime, and
left the ; ■ Lthout taking action
upon the matter. - 'he meeting the
brewers have be< Lngtbe
n I tbe pro
prieti mailer brew an to
lee! ;i ■ "f the lar. ■ who
-tart tho CUt and crush
•
. ••.mem was used that, while
; be offenders in a free right,
many of the <>th- rs would also go to the
wall. For all this conservatism there was
stiil enough of the fighting element left
ii> the a^- illy among the
rewers and the syndicate, represent
ing five breweries, to make the tiroak.
\\ bile these matters were being dls
e brewers 1 old enemy — organized
labor— appeared .i_-a:n and called a halt in
the progre ernal troubles. It is
not the Brewery Workmen's I'liion, for
t lie brewers bare an idea of that organiza
tion's strength and power.
Tue scare was caused by the brewery
wagon drivers ana tlu-ir belpei
the brewery foremen. Daring the past
w< ck or two these men have been holding
-, the drivers and the
I forming a new
ixation and deman line better •■
What the foremen are hoidinj me- tings
for lias aot been learned, but it is believed
that they want to £e< tlieruselves in a
« to demand the light to hire the
men who work under them. At preseni
luen objectionable to the foremen are
ently pat t > work in order to please
the bosses without regard t i their qualifi
i ability. Tnis has always been
a thorn in the i ■ : c of the foremen, who
have as a rule preferred to Mate competent
n brewery workinemen under their
charge.
It is the proposed drivers' organization
that is causing the greatest alarm. Four
V 'ars ago the drivers and helpers be
jonged to the Brewery Workmen a Union.
The drivers then received $100 per month
and the he] ££ per month. When the
trouble between the brewers and the work
men broke out, t lie drivers and helpers de-
I the union at the rate of twenty-rive
and fifty at a meeting and stood by the
brewer: . Fur tiieir fidelity they have been
rewarded in a left-handed man tier. 'While
the drivers' wages have remained practi
cally the same because of the responsi
bility of the positions and the large
amounts of money the driver? have to
handle, the helpers have fared ill. From
$*•' a montli, their wages have dwindled
down to $10 and $12 a week.
The bosses have not dared to cut the
drivers' wa^es for another reason. In the
event of a driver refusing tj accept the re
duction, he could have and go into the ser
vice of another brewer, an 1 a:! his patrons
. go with him. With the helpers,
there was no loss of customers to fe;:r, ana
any stout yonng man could be easily
broken in to till the place vacated by a
- orhO'Would leave his job.
There is, however, a feeling of brother
hood between the drivers and their help
ers, and both have considered with a
keen regret that the latter are being
crowded to the wall in the matter of wages.
As soon as the present strife broke out
in the ranks of t lie brewers the drivers and
helpers evidently recognized that now is
a good opportunity to" make a stand for
better wages— the wages of four years ago
if possible. To this etui they have been
holding small meetings ami in great
y dnring the pa?t ten days or two
weeks. The object was to discuss ways
and means and form a plan whereby the
entire calling can spring into an organiza
tion before the brewers have a chance to
t.:k>- steps to nip the project in the bud.
However, some one in order to curry favor
let the cat out of the bag, and the animal
was regarded us such a formidable black
creature that the brewers were alarmed
lest it cross their path and bring them
bad nick.
This and the secret meetings of the fore
men, the objects of which are not fully
understood, are what have caused a halt
in the hostilities in the Brewers' Protective
Association camp. Now many who a few
days ago were talking fight and advocating
a cut in the price of beer are earnestly dis
cussinp: the advisability of burying the
hatchet for the time being and standing
shoulder to shoulder agaftist what they re
card as a common ' enemy — organized
labor.
hi' not at all unlikely that at the next
meeting they will manage to patch up a
tort of peace.
WANT HARSIN ARRESTED
The Secret Service A cents Are -Eager
to Vrosecuie Howell's Prin
cipal Witness.
From the United States Secret Service
Division the information comes indirectly
that efforts are being made by the Federal
authorities to bring about the arrest of C.
J). Haxsin, who was the principal wit:ic o ?
for Martin I). Howeil at the latter' s first
trial. <
An indictment of Harsin by the Tinted
States (irand Jury is sai 1 to have been re- !
ported two wc-eks ago and placed upon the j
secret file. It was generally supposed that \
the defeat of the Secret Service Division |
by the verdict of acquittal in the Howtll ;
case would r llt a st °P to i ts endeavors to j
bring Howell's original witnesses to the j
United States District Court here for trial j
on various charges.
The effort to have Harsin indicted was
started While the Howeii trial was in prop- j
..nd Howell's attorneys wen- then in- j
clined to believe t hat ii was bei:i<; made i
merely for effect, anil that after the trial
terminated, if it proved unfavorable to the
Government, the investigation of ilarsin j
and other witnesses of Howell would be
dropped.
The charge against llarsin is that be in
vented the story for Howell that the coun
terfeit money sent by Fred Marsh and
Charles Murray, of the "North Beach
■ {rang." to Stockton was really for Matt
j Jones. This story Matt Jones, who on
the two former trials never put In an ap
pearance, came to this City from Mexico
on the third and final trial to flatly Cuntra-
I diet, and his testimony was positive
enough against it. The Government de
tectives say that Harsin was promised
$1000 by Howell to invent this story, and
that he pot $500 cash, with an unfulfilled
promise of the balance.
It is given out that Harsin was in Ne
braska conducting a doubtful land scheme
when last heard of. A warrant for his ar
rest has been sent on to Nebraska.
Free lectures.
The Board of Education has decided to give a
course of free lectures in the auditorium of the
Girls' High School, corner of Scott and Geary
streets. The committee appointed to carry out
the instructions of the board baa announced
ttiht the first lecture will be given on Friday
evening, January 10, by President David Starr
Jordan of Stanford University, on "In War
Time."
Tin- second lecture will be given on Friday,
January 'J4 T by State Superintendent Samuel
T. lilnck.
IN SUPPORT OF WEAVER
The Civic Federation Objects to
a Change at the Alms
house.
Vigorous Protest Made Against Politi
cal Favoritism in the Board
of Health.
The Civic Federation is again aroused
over the methods employed by the Board
of Health, and intends to make as vigor
ous a protest against political favoritism in
the appointment of cllicers in that institu
tion as it made last August when the re
moval of Superintendent Weaver and the
installment of Mr. Eteddy waa agitated.
Mr. Weaver* B removal waa thoroughly
discusseit at a meeting of the executive
committee of the federation yesterday
afternoon, and the following resolution
was adopted, which is identical to that
passed last summer with the exception of
the allusions to Mr. Reddy :
Whereas A Btrong pressure is being brought
i on the new Board ol Health to remove
Superintendent Weaver <A the >an Francisco
Almshouse in order to make place for a politl
cian; and wherean, the civic Federation, a
non-partisan Dody, organized for the purpose of
promoting v raicinK a eoo'i govern
ment In this City, believes that the removal of
a gooil public i ln< si from bo important a posi
tion for no worthier a motive than to make
place for a favored politician would not only
be asainst thi bcsl Interests of the pnolic. but
would be n:i outrage against decency and an
exhibition of callous indifference to'the mis
fortunes of tbe poor who are obliged to seek a
public >heit.T; therefore be it
ifoe<i. That tbe Civic Federation respect
fully submits to the Board of Health the fol
lowing statement:
Tbe Ban 1 rancisco Almshouse, under the
superintendence oi Mr. Weaver, is equaled
only by two other institutions of the kind in
nited States. It is the only department
of our City governmeni enjo; g bucd distinc
tion. There bave been no scandals in the man
■gemeni of this institution under Mr. Weaver.
There have been no charges of wa>te or ex
travagance. The records show that tho
• > have been extremely moderate.
The present Board of Health h«s been baili 1
a-, ii reform body. Governor Budd b !
nounced frequently that he would not inter
:h tlic Board of Health in the sell
of officers for the important positions In the
public service. This being the case the board
can be under no constraint to remove an effi
cient and faithful officer from a position that
all good citizens agree should be ol a non
political character.
The Almshouse is a purely San Francisco in
stitution, supported by our taxpayers, and it
is proper they should be represented in its man
agemei ;.
["he ( Ivic Federation believes that the Board
of Health should apply civil service principles
to this case. The office of superintendent of
the Almshoti^e sbould not be a prize for con
tending politicians. It has not been so here
tofore. Mr. Keating, the predecessor of Mr.
Weaver, retained his place tor twenty-seven
years, to the great benefit oi the Almshouse.
Therefore, we respectfully protest against the
removal of Mr. Weaver.
I. J. Truman, president; James L. Case, sec
retary; K. McCiish, George T. Gaden, J.
Cumining Smitn.
A resolution, as follows, was passed au
thorizing the committee of public morals
to take actively in hand the matter of rid
ding the City of the pool-selling evil :
Regolved, That the committee on public
morals De authorized to call a mass-meet it. i; ol
the Civic Federation to protest again-t the
evils of pool-selling and other municipal
abuses.
The Rev. Thomas Filben acts as. chair
man of the committee.
Odd Fellows' Hall was secured for the
place of the mass-meeting, which will be
lield Monday afternoon, the liUh inst., at
3 o'clock. A special invitation has been
tendered the Rev. Dr. Carlos Martyri, the
"I'arkhurst of Chicago," to address that
meeting.
Dr. Martyn's presence at the mass
meeting will be all the more timely as he
has recently finished a war of extermina
tion on the poolrooms of Chicago. The
doctor, a year and a half ago, gave up his
church in Chicago, and since that time,
under the auspices of the National Citi
zenship League, which has its headquar
ters in Chicago, has labored against all
forms of corruption in municipal govern
ment.
lie has lectured in all the important
cities between Chicago and San Francisco.
THE WILMERDING SCHOOL
Many Reasons Why It Should
Be Established in San
Francisco.
It Was Evidently the Intention of the
Testator That This City Secure
the Prize.
Several months ago special committees
were appointed by the Mechanics' Insti
tute, Half-million Club and Merchants'
Association for the purpose of doing every
thing possible to induce the Board of
Regents to locate the Wilmerdinj; School
of Industrial Arts in San Francisco. The
committees labored well and obtained the
promise of free gifts of several desirable
sites for the school. In order to present
the case clearly to the Board of Regents
the gentlemen of the committee have pre
pared the following letter, setting forth
the reasons why the school should be
established in San Francisco. It is ad
dressed to Hon. Albert Miller, chairman
of the special committee of the Board of
Regents:
Dear Sir: Rppardinß the selection of a suita
for the Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, committee! have been appointed
from the Mechanics' Institute, the Half-million
Ciub and the Merchants' Association of Ban
Francisco. At a joint meeting of these duly
ated committees held on October 8, 1895.
at the Mechanics' Institute, a sub-committee
was appointed to nrge upon the Hoard of Ke-
Renu >>: the Dniversityof California the ad
vißabtlity of Delecting a site for the Wilmerd-
Ing School of Industrial Arts in the fity ami
County of San Praneiaoo.
KeftOlntlons duly authenticated by this com
mittee were presented to the Honorable Board
oi Regents of the University of California at its
last meeting, and copies of the same have been
sent to each member of the- board.
In further support of the desirability of
selecting the site In the City of Ban Krancisco,
this committee now begs leave to present the
following reasons:
First— A careful examination of the will of
the late J. Clute Wilmerding clearly shows that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896.
it was his intention to make this school a
practical and Industrial institution where boys
can be taught trades, "fitting them to mp.ke'u
living with their hands." It needs no argu
ment to show that such a practical school of
industrial training should be located in the
metropolis of the State where its benefits
would be most available. The tact t lint there
now exists two mechanical schools in this City
tiuii that both of them are crowded ana unable
to accommodate the mnny applicants is also a
strong argument In favor of the addition of a
larger school in San Francisco.
Second— The location of the Wilmerdinp;
School in this ciiy will place it within reach
of all parts oi the State. It will also enable the
applicants from the interior to take advantage
ot the unexcelled opportunities for residing
near the school where they nre taught.
Third— Many of Those who will seek admis
sion to the Wilmerding school are engaged in
dally vocations wherein they must earn suf
ficlent for their own sujpport. By having sec-
Bionsin the evening us well as the daytime it
will afford those persons unable to attend In
the daytime the opportunity of receiving the
vnlunhle instructions of this institution, and
thus tit them for the higher pursuits of life.
Fourth— lt docs seem fitting and right that
the bequest of the late Mr. Wilmerding should
be expended In the City wherein his fortune
was amassed. He was a resident of this City,
and the fortune with which be will now en
dow this school was accumulated in this City.
Fifth— Various sites have generously been
offered for the erection of the Wilmerding
School in Ban Francisco. Hon. Adolph Sutro,
Mayor of tins City, has authorized this com
mittee to offer to the Hoard of Repents in his
name any one of three very choice and desir
able sites located in the neighborhood of
Golden Gate Park. Other public-spirited citi
zens will undoubtedly also offer choice si.'es for
this purpose, ami there is no question as to the
certainty of securing without charge a most
desirable location for this Industrial school in
the City and County of San Francisco.
In conclusion, this committee can confidently
assure your honoraole body that the location
of the Wilmerding School in the metropolis of
California will inspire the hearty support and
patronage of all the people throughout the
State. «>iher good reasons might be adduced
in favor of its location here, but we thin* the
i iregoing will be. sufficient to impress on your
honorable body the advisability of locating
tuis school in San Francisco.
E. A. Dknicke, Chairman.
J. Richard Freud, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FranciscoCAT.t^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nißtit in the year.
BKANCH OFFICES— SBO Montgomery street,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS9 Ilayf-s street, open until 0:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and .Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
2318 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE or BSJBKTJNGS.
ii?'~^P UNITY LODGE NO 27, A. O.
Ur-c V. W.— funeral escort are noti-j -.- C
tied to assemble at the lodgerooni at 9:MOL •
a. m., on FRIDAY, Jan. 10, for the purpose Cfc.JS'
of attending the funeral of our late brother, L.
KRUtJER. S. 1.. WALLER. Master Workman.
I has. H. Bowcott, Recorder.
ijKS 5 ANNUAL ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
-*~- £ ' and councilors for the Geographical Society
of the I'aciric, to serve during 1896, will he held n't
the society rooms, 331 Pine St., January 14. Polls
open from noon till 6 o'clock: annual meeting nt 8
GEORGE DAVIDSON, President.
John Pakteiboe, Secretary.
ftf'~g= LA SOCIEIE FRANCAISK I/EPARG-
i*-*^ nes et de Prevoyii' cc Mutuelle— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the above-named
society for the election of a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before the
meeting will be held at the otli.-e of the corpora-
tion, f>34 California street, San Francisco, Caj on
MONDAY, January 27, 1896. at 3 o'clock p. m.
1.. BRAND, Secretary.
San Francisco, January 3, 1896.
Etqg 3 ANNUAL MEETING 111 E REGULAR
"fJ^ annual meeting: of stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held nt the
office of the company, 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on TUEsDAy, the 21st day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. M.I for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
;r-^= NOTICE is HEREBY GIVEN THAT
U*-^ the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Horsefly (Sold Mining < ompany will be In Id at
Its office, 610 Clay street, :-an Francisco. Cal., op
TUESDAY, the 14th day of January, 1896, at 3
o'clock r. m. By order of the board of directors.
EDWARD I*. FLINT, President.
R. i. Ward, Secretary.
PRESIDIO AMi FERRIES R. K. CO.—
I*-* 7 The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries^Railroad Com-
pany will be held at the office of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's ulace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (2 Ith) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock r. m.. for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGIITON, Secretary.
UlKce— llll Union St., corner Sharp's place,
Francisco, Cal.
st^S=» ANNUAL MEETING— THE ANNUAL
Ib~-£s meeting of the stockholders of the Commer-
cial Insurance Company of California will be held
at the office of the Palatine Insurance Company,
limited, of Manchester, England, 439 California st..
Safe Deposit building. San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January, 1896,
at the hour of 12 o'clock, In accordance with by-
laws.
CHARLES A. LATON, Secretary.
Sari Francisco. December 31. 1895.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A B A N DO N K I) CHI LiTu^N^DMrTTiri)
>-i^- t? into St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
from July 1, 1894, until December 31, 1895: Wil-
liam Finsterbusch 5 years, James Doran ■! years,
Grace Doran 2 years. Johannah Moesch 4 years,
Ed Burke 6 years, Bessie Finsterbusch 3 "years,
George Lombard 4 years.
iiißS 3 MISS PAXTON, CHIROPODIST, 11
"*--*' Kearny st., room 26.
ij£^S= NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
~s~^s the san Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society has admitted to their institution the
following orphan and half-orphan girls and boys
from June 30, 1895, to January 1. 1896: Edith
Campbell, 7 yrs.; Caroline M. Newton. 5 yrs ;
Myrtle Campbell, ft yrs.; Ethel M. MoiYau, 5
yrs.: Paul Duerlng, 2 yrs.; George Grass, 6 yrs ;
Willie Coo s, 11 yrs.: Bishop B. Taylor. 8 yrs.:
Willie A. Newton, 2 vrs.: James O. Morritson, 4
yrs.: Frederick A. Moffatt, 6 yrs.; Car) Smith.
12% yrs.; Edmund K. Bedford, 10 . vrs. ; Thomas
Semler, 7 yrs. ; Delbert D. i aley. 4 yrs.
WZZE* CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
Ur^F Chlropodlc Institute, room 9, 900 Market.
(^^•" ENGLISH LADY'S new cosmetic
*-^. Parlors, room 46, 850 MarKet St.
jjK^p SIRS. ROlfß, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
tb-t- 8, second Boor; genuine massage treatment.
E^s=> MRS. WALLACE, 109 POWELL SI..
**-& loom 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
EEs§= MRS. BERNHAKDT, 17a SIXTH ST..
s»- ' first floor— Genuine massage treatment. ■.
pp-S'MiTlrK is HEREBY GIVEN THAT IT IK
i*-JP Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom st., San
Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following half-
orphan girls from October 1. 1895, to January 1,
1896: Annie Hammill.aaed 10 years; Jessie Merle
Par. ridge, aged 11 years; Florence V. spicpr. aged
10 years; Qeorgle F. Wakcley, aged lOyears; Grace
Hodge, aged 8 years.
*tpS= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR ft
*"- 1 ' Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St., room 6, Tel. 5580.
ijfrTSr 1 CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
iS^y fully treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurline Baths.
JETS 3 WINDOWS^ CLEANED' AND FLOORS
Bf-*^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
(ir.mages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutler.
jjfc^S= ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP; PAPER-
tj^^y Pd sa 50 mi. Xl7l-2 Third. Gporge Hnrtman.
DIVIDEND NOTICES:
W^Sr" DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GERMAN
li*-*' Savings and Loan society, 626 California
street. For the half year ending December 31,
1895, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four and twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per
cent per annum on term deposits, and three and
fifty-five hundredths (3 55-100) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits free of taxes, payable
on and after Thursday, January 2, 1896.
GEORGE KNY, Secretary.
!J£^§= DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
<**»" Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st,, cor.
Butter, For the bait year ending December Si,
1896, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four an 1 thirty-two one-hundredths (4.32) per cent
per annum on term deposits, and three and sixty
(i.. -hunilredthg (i'.OO) per cent per annum on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
WEDNESDAY, January 1. I*9o. Dividends not
railed for are added to and bear the same rate of-
dividend as the principal from and after January
1.1896. CVKIs W.CAUMA NY. Cashier.
SITUATIONS VV A ItO-iIiMA I.K.
T aDY WISHES POSITION AS HOCSEKKEr-
JJeror work In doctor's office; has references.
Call at 1016 Market st.
/ (EBMAN Woman wants work by the
VJ day. Call or address •-"JI3V 3 Mason st.
YV"anted-sTtuation for young girl
'•to assist In light housework or take care of
children. Apply 411 Pos: si., basement.
\\T OMAN WOULD LIKE TO WORK BY THE
•» hour at any kind of housework. Call at 7
Cram alley, near Guerrero.
ANTED— A MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
'» woman, a situation as good cook in a private
family. Apply at 620 .Minna, near Seventh.
\ V ' ANTED- POSITION AS SEAMSTRESS;
»' is a first-class dressmaker; has good refer-
ences. Address 1324 Sacramento st.
WANTED — POSITION .AS WORKING
»»• housekeeper; private or hotel; or would go in-
to business with reliubJe party. Address MRS. E.
R. WAGENER, Uklah. Cal.
"I") ESPECTA BLE WOMAX WISHES DAY-
JLV work of any kind. Plea : call at 1316 Bryant.
-J-I-Syj^TJ^iN^LWAj^^
yOUNG FRENCH WIDOW WISHES TO
1 take care of children; tood seamstress. Ad-
dress M. A., box 7, this office.
W ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
" man) t odo chamberwork, wait »t lable or kit-
chenwork. Please address H. VIELITZ, 631 Sac-
ramento St., room 86.
QTRONG BOY WISHES POSITION; HAS EX-
-0 perience in candy trade: willing todoanv work.
Call or address 476 Jessie st.
TIHOROUGH EXPERIENCED ENGINEER
x and machinist wishes steady employment;
wages low. Address T. h.., box 102. Call Office.
pOLOR'ED WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK
\J washing and ironing or liousecieaning, or will
take washing and ironing home or a few offices to
clean. Address W., box 77, Call Office.
T) X E MAKER; ' FIRST-CLASS REFER-
■i 1 " 1 -: perfect fitter; formerly a' "City of
n.?nlA/ :V y (lay: »ssl 50. Call or address
IJdO Devisadero st.
ELDERLY. WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
-IJ 111 nice family to make herself generally use- '
ful l wages not so much an object us a good home.
150 Buchanan st.
youNg GIRL AVANTS situation to
x assist with general housework. 7 Midway St..
bet. Francisco and Bay; no pos.als.
( COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the day In families. call 1305 Green st., near
Larkin.
/ '"'.! I'ITEXT WOMAN WISHES TO DO GEN-
y^ er.il housework : city or short distance in the
country. Address or cull 967 Mission, nr. Sixth.
T\RESSMAKKR WISHES ENGAGEMENTS
XJ in families, $1 25 per day; cuts by tailor sys-
tem: dresses made over; children's also. Address
170;-! San Carlos are.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SlTUA-
tion, to assist with housework. 10 West Mis-
sion st.
RELIABLE \VOMAN WANTS TO GO OUT BY
J t the day, washing, ironing, liousecieaning. 829
Hayes, nr. Fillmore (basement).
i (MAN WILL DO ANY Kli\D Of PLAIN
M sewing: gentlemen's clothes cleaned and
pressed. 114 Fourth st., rm. 15.
Gl R l . W ISHES SITUATION To DO GE -
vi era! housework, cooking or housework, city or
country; wages $20 to $25. Apply 509 Goukli st.
OITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GIRL, TO
0 assist in small family, for small wages and
music lessons. Address M. A. 11.. box 69, Call.
|.V RELIABLE WOMAN; is GOOD COOK;
1 » will do light housework; will work for moder-
ate wa ,es: city or short distance in country: no
postals. Call or address 27i/ 2 Fourth st., upstairs.
9 EXPERIENCED RELIABLE girls for
— housework with very best of references. Ap-
ply 1117 Washington st., Oakland.
WANTED-BY EASTERN~NURSE, TO CARE
» » for invalid or elderly person; best of references
(riven and required. MRS. A., 771 Fourteenth St.,
Oakland. ;->l:.:x*;
DRESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS, GOOD
filter, sews .',<><■ day. M. M.. ,x 92. Call Office.
DRESSMAKER, FINE FITTKR AND
draper, sews 76c a day; city or Oakland. G. F.,
box 98. Call Office.
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
x as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 5.
"yOUNG LADY WISHES A POSITION TO DO
X light housework in small family; wage? from !
$12 to $16. Call at 1050 Howard st.
\\T ANTED— BY A RESPECTABLE, COMPE-
» » tent woman, position as chambermaid In hotel,
or second work in a private family. Call or ad-
dress 119 Silver st.
A ' 6ung~germXn girl Wa NTS situa-
X tion to do housework. Apply 1205 Lacuna St.,
bet. Ellis and Eddy.
} EDUCATED LADY WISHES A POSITION AS
iJ companion to a lady or nurse to a lady or gen-
tlemnn; highest references. Address M. 8.. box
23, this office.
1 OS ON WANTED— AN EXPERIENCED
-I nurse would like a. position; prices reasonable.
Call or address 36 Caselli aye.. bet. Elghttenth
and Nineteenth sis.
iy ANTED— A X EXPERIENCED LADY'S
tt nurse wishes a few more engagements; physi-
Plans' references. Apply 748 Folsom.
1 AuY QUALIFIED TO HOLD NY POSI-
XJ tion of trust as housekeeper, governess, com-
panion to invalid, or would take charge of a res'-
dence injabse nee of owner; best of reference given.
Address B. B. 1;.. box 16, Call Office. '
riLDERLS SCOTCH WOMAN WISHES SITU-
x.i ation to do hou e.york; Is good cook and
baker: city or conn Address 312 Sixth st.,
nearFolsom.
yOUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE AT LIGHT
1 housework or attending bakery. Ca.l or address
1317 Mission st.
/ COMPETENT AVOMAN W A NTS WORK OF
\J any kind by the day: good laundress. Address
1359 Howard st.. in rear.
WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES J'USl-
'» lion In lodging-house or small family. Apply
2021/2 Turk st.
ituai ion wanted by reliable.
kJ trustworthy woman to do housework: is good
cook un i worker; good references: wages $12 to
*15 a month. Can be seen for three days at 79
Jessie St., bet. First and sec in 1.
/ M•; 1 1 M A N WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
' ' do general housework and cooking. Cull or
address 226 Third st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN AND
k-5 French woman to do housework by the day or
us nurse. Call or address 809 Bryant st.
CILDERLY WOMAN WANTS SITUATION;
-I J coo I cook and housekeeper; boardinsf-house
preferred. Call or address MRS. DELANO, room
10, 419 Geary st.
pOM ET F. X FRENCH GIRL WISHES A
\J situation for upstairs work and sewing; city
references. Ad press M. M.. 1525 Broadway.
WANTED — SITUATION FOR GENERAL
TT housework by competent girl from country.
2106 Bush st.
I^RENCH LADY, GOOD SEAMSTRESS, THOR-
.I OUghly competent in the care and management,
of children, would like a .position in a family to
take charge of an Infant from Its birth. Addess T.
A., box 3, Call Office.
WANTED— SITUATION TO DO CHAMBER-
'» work and sowing; first class with children's I
clothes; San Mateo preferred. 1234 Mission St.
yOUNii WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 11 Kearny, r. 27, first floor. I
A OUN(~TvVIIOW WANTS A SITUATION AS
X type-writer. 873y 3 Market st., room 13, Md floor.
1 FINED YOUNG LADY WISHES A POSI~
-It tion as companion to elderly lady or Invalid
daughter In country or city; Spanish and English
spoken: best of references given and required.
call at 870 Adeline St., bet. 2 and 4 p. m., Oakland.
I AUY WITH LITTLE GIRL AVISHES SITU-
XJ a on to do housework and care for widower's
family, or will cook for workhands in country. Ap-
ply room 12, first floor. 124 Sixth St., city.
EXPj-.RT BOOKKEEPER DESIRES SITUA-
tion, city or countrj*; holds United Stales In-
dustrial Agency certificate. Address Accountant,
box 115, Call. --■ ■-.
>,' -X I' EKIEN C E D GLOVE SALESLADY
-iJ wants position in city, Oakland or San Jose.
Address S. M., box 117, Call.
IDDLK-AGED LADY OF EXPERIENCE
i»A would like place as housekeeper or nurse. Call
or address 240 Shot well st.
T~A DIES 1 "AND" GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
J'J nea'.ly reasonably done. 917 Market, r. 21.
W INCHESTEK HOUSE. 4 4 THIRD ST., NR.
TT Market; 200 rooms: 25c to *1 60 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and resi^ciable:
free bus to and from the ferry. . W
SITUATIONS HAMKiJ-IHALfc.
l) c. ci. ( 1 11 >K f s s()F.^r pXfEVc^^b6k^TA'LL
X .branches: short notice. 14 Ueary. Grant 46.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny. bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
ITUATION BY A yoing MAN, WITH THE |
O best references; reliable and correct habits; can I
do any kind of work: coachman or lake care of
private nlace; can paint, barber and milk; handy
with tools. Aadross J. M.. oox 53, Call Office.
yOUXU MAN WAN is WINDOW AND
X house cleaning In exchange for board, or jani-
tor's work or office-cleaning at low wages. Ad-
dress R. A., box 16, Call office. .
(2"5 B E INDUSTRIOUS PROTESTANT
O rancher; wants steady rlace: can milk, plow
and do learning. Address P. R., box 155, Call.
BOY. 17 YEARS OF al , R. ALL AND STRONG
Is coo 1 driver; can also speak German; wishes
work in Oakland. Address Boy, box 72, Call,
■y OUNH MAN Wants WORK OF ANY KIND;
X cigar business preferred; pood references. Call
or address C. eCHEFKB, 31 Moss st.
BAKER, THIRD HAND, WISHES POSITION.
Address G. X., 307 Turk st.
yOUNG MAN WANTS TO LEARN COOKING.
x Address G. n. f., box 117, Call Office.
SITUATION IN a PRIVATE FAMILY. TO
kji take care of horses and cows and do general
work, by a middle-aged man from the East. Ad-
die<s P. P.. box 140, Ca1l Office.
\\r ANTED-BY RESPONSIBLE MAN, A Po-
» » Bitldn to collect for reliable parties: wages rea-
sonable. Address S. 8., box 122, Call office.
DANE. THOROUGHLY UNDERSTANDS
horses, cows, garden and general work at city
or country residences, wishes situation; references";
J. N., 416 Broadway, city.
\\r ANTED — SITUATION AS GARDENER;
'» can milk, drive, handy with tools; references.
Address .1. L., box 59, Call Office.
AVANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED MAX, TO
care for horse and garden, who thoroughly
understands his business: can milk and make him-
self generally useful ; best of references. Address
A. J!., box 78, this office.
yOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION ON PRI-
J. vat place; can take care of horses; can milk,
drive, handy with tools; first-class reference; |
speaks German and English. Address G. E. box
64, Call Offlce.
rpo NURSERYMEN AND ORCHARDISTS-
J- Newly arrived experienced nurseryman wishes
to get employment; ' willing 'to start with low
wages. Address, In writing, M. P., box 21, Call. •
OITUATION WAXT ED BY A GERMAN AS
O foreman on ranch, nursery, or as gardener on
a private place; 18 years' experience and good ref-
erence. Address S. AY., box 54, Call Office.
LIABLE YOUNG M A N . W ELL ACQUAINT-
■IX ed with city retail grocery trade, wants position
as drummer; can give references and security if
required. G., 203 Mason st.
__ SITUATIONS WAWTED-Contlnnert.
SITUATION WANTED —AS VAN ABOUT
place; city or country: wages $20 per month.
Address W.. box 16, Call Office.
"VTEAT YOUNG MAN OF 18. WITH FAIR ED-
•*•' ucation, wants a position in an office, wholesale
house or store; not afraid to work. Address W. 8.,
box 77, Call Office.
AVOUNG MARRIED MAN, WITH 15 YEARS'
X experience in furniture, carpets and all
branches of house-furnishing, wants position. D.,
care Hotel Savoy.
■yOUNG MAN LATELY ARRIVED FROM
X Ireland desires situation as clerk in an office or
work in a store. Address D. KELLY, 22 Sharon st.
"yOUNG MAN, EXPERIENCED IX BOOK-
x keeping, stenography and typewriting, desires a
position. Address J. 8.. box 54, Call Office.
A' FIRST-CLASS PIANIST— PLAYS POPU-
lar dance music; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 311 2 Tenth st.
USITION WANTED AS PORTER OR
watchman or clerk in hardware-store; best ref-
erences. Room 87, 628 Montgomery st.
WORK WANTED— STEADY, INDUSTRIOUS
*» young man, 21 years, for board and lodging
I until worth more. Address J. B. \\., box 107
I Call Office.
'ANTED— STEADY POSITION BY FlRST-
c:ass barber. Call or address 809 Bryant.
yOC.NG MAN LIVING WITH HIS PAR-
X ent.s desires a position In blacksmith or wagon-
making shop: two years' experience. Address
2217 Encinal aye., Alameda. Cal.
\y ANTED— BY A GOOD STRONG BOY OF 17
» ' place in factory or store, or run elevator. Call
I or address 525 Ellis st.
pOACIIMAN AND GARDKNER WANTS A
\J situation; Oakland and San Rafael references;
Is thoroughly experienced and reliable. Address
; L. C, 1 ox 127, Call Office.
SITU Al'll >X AS FIREMAN OR ENGINEER:
O can do Rome steamtittlng. R. BROWN, 526
Eighth st., Oakland.
MARRIED MAN WANTS A SITUATION AS
ii- watchman, night or day; good security given,
Call or address 11. FRANKLIN, 614 Sanchez st.,
nr. Eighteenth.
STEADY RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WITH
first-class references wants a situation as bar-
keeper; city or country: thoroughly understands
the business. Address \V. C. box 30. Call Office.
GARDENER — PERMANENT POSITION
vJ wanted by a professional gardener with 12
years' experience in this state in caring for exten-
sive private places; highest references given. Ad-
dress E. G., box 122, this office.
©Oft a MONTH — first-class ~ba~r~-
tF«JV7 tender must have work in s 'loon or whole-
sale liquor-store: good references. Address 24M>
Garden st., city.
I'oy, AGE 16, wants work in OR
'-'around store; good references. Address 37
Bitch st.
AM" USE OR VALET TO IN VALID GENTLE- |
-»-' man; long experience; highest medical and
private references: speaks French, German, Eng-
lish. Address .Nurse. 315 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED COUPLE WISHES TO MAN-
-i age restaurant; man good cook, to take kitchen;
wife dining-room. 703 Stockton st.
PRACTICAL MINING MAN DESIRES POSI-
J tion sis manaeeror foreman at a quartz mine:
understands bookkeeping, mining engineering and
assaying nnd all underground work. Address J.,
box 59, this office.
FEMALE IIKLI 1 WASTED,
RE FINEITFRiESrc ITsECON D^nTLTTWoTx
J» family, $25; cook, same house, $30: second
girl, $25; nurse, $25; French and German nurses,
$30; housework girls, city and country. 920 and
$25: six young girls, assist, iflO tosls. MISS
CULLEX, 105 Stockton.
p ERMAN OR~ SCANDINAVIAN COOK, $35.
U MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton St.
UrORKING HOUSEKEEPER, 15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 105 Stockton st.
TVTEAT GIRL AS COMPANION AND LIGHT
-l-^ work, $10, country, fare paid. MISS CULLEN,
105 Stockton st.
\- EAT YOUNG GIRL, 2 IN FAMILY, $15.
1> MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
WANTED— GERMAN COOK, $25; SECOND
'• girl, same place, $20: French maid, $25; Pro-
testant second girt, country, $20: young girls 10
assist, $10 and $12: nursegirl, $15. LEON AN-
DRE, 315 Stockton.
WANTED-A GERM AN OR SCANDINAVIAN
»» rook.no wash. $30: 2 waitresses and parlor
maids, $20 and $25; 3 cooks. German style, $25
and $30: German or French nurse, $20: governrs-s,
must teach German or trench and music, $25; 3
hotel waitresses, $20; and a great many girls for
cooking and housework in ciiy or eountrv. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 312 Sinter st.
9( ' A •I! I M AIDS AND WAITRESSES,
— $20, country hotels. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary ?t.
SCANDINAVIAN COOK, $30; NEAT YOUNG
0 second girl. $15: a number of housework girls.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
TA UNDREssTTn $15: WAIT-
* -I r(S3, country hotel, $20; cook, boarding-house,
$25, and girls for housework. R. T. WARD &
CO., 610 Clay st.
C CHAMBERMAIDS, $20. CITY AND COUN-
*-' try hotels; 3 waitresses, $20. city and country
hotels; '20 girls for housework and to assist; 2
cooks, $30. MURRAY A RKADY. 634 Clay St.
pOOK, AMERICAN FAMILY, $30; COOK.
\J $25; 2!housegirl3, $25; 4 housegirls, $15 and
$20; second girl, $20: waitress, $20. 315 Suiter.
WANTED— 2 GOOD COOKS, $30: NUMBER
"of girls for general housework, $20, $15 and
$25. 11V2 Antonio St., off Jones, near Ellis.
DRESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
"j AUN DRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $25.
JJ HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
yOUXO GIRL, ABOUT 15, TO ASSIST IN
J general housework ; can sleep home; wages $10.
Apply 410 v an Ness aye.'
WANTED— PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MIL-
'» linery: positions found; terms reasonable.
234 Taylor st.
A7-OUNGGIRL.ABOUT 14 YEARS, FOR LIGHT
X housework in family of 2: must steep a', home.
Inquire 829 Guerrero St., Friday between 10 and 12.
1 • ikl ;for general housework and
" I plain cooking. Call this morning at 2005 Pine
St., near Laguua.
IRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, WITH
VI reference; general housework; 9 to 12 a. m
508 Hyde st.
\\T ANTED— NURSEGIRL; GERMAN PRE-
»» ferred. 933 Haight st,
\\; ANTED — AVAISTS To CUT, FIT AND
" 1 drape for 2 weeks a: $1 50. 1222 Pino st.
p KM A SERVANT GIRL WANTED. 462
vJ Natoma st., cor. Sixth.
V OUNG GIRL TO M I XI) BABY ; SLEEP HOME
x preferred. 1721 Brodenck st.
p"ERMAN GIRL WHO SPEAKS ENGLISH:
vi to do light housework: 2 in family. 506 Jessie.
V' ( I NG GIRL; FOR " KITCHEN WORK;
X sleep home. 324 Larkin st.
r-TIRL^TO ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE-
V.T work In small family. 708 Hayes st.
"lIT ANTED IDRESSMaKERS TO LEARN
" how to cut regular tailor system only reliable
System ; no mode's, charts or squares used. COHN,
ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutler st.. city.
T\> ANTED— PROTESTANT GIRL FOR GEN-
»» eral housework; wages, $20; take Haight-st.
cars. Apply 715 Cole st.
\\T ANTED-FRENCH COOK; MUST DO SOME
'» housework, but no window-cleanin?. Call at
2319 Van Ness aye.
I EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON WHITE
XU .shirts. GREENEBAUM.AVEIL & MICHELS,
631 Mission st.
TIT ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
" term commences this mo. Room 51, 121 Post.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and trom the ferry.
URINGTIIE SALE LADIES' WOOL SUITS
$3 90. A. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
■yOUNG GIRL ABOUT 14 TO ASSIST. AD-
x dress MRS. T.. box 8, this office.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRE4.S-
-XJ cutting school. 1231 Market St.. Pet. Bth un 1 9th.
HA I D ESS IN ft"," 250 AND 3oc: MORNING
and ev'g ciassps;lo lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
1 RESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
i-J system. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market — Electric lights In very room: 201)
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per nieht; $1 50 to $6 per
week: i^*. bus to and irom the ferry. '
WALK HELP HAnI'KI).
wXnted- fob e ma n for r a nch, Ipse
» ' and found, good steady place, see party In city;
also farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and dish
washers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.|
9 NEAT WAITERS FOR A CLUB. C. R. HAN-
£ SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
p ERMAN COOK, $45; 3 COOKS, $30 TO $60; 2
VJ waiters, $25; ranch cook, $15; 3 choreboys tor
ranch, $5, $6 Mild $8. MURRAY <fe READY, 634
an. 1 6K6 Clay st.
' ,\.\if.ii-i(.K)K AND WIFE FOR COUN-
try, $50; .sailor for Mexico, $20 and found;
butler, if 35. and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
<fc CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER BOY, $15, COUNTRY; SEE LADY
TT here. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
COOK, $65; SECOND, $40; DISHWASHER,
$25; laundress, $30; same country hotel.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 410 Kearny st.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. employ
secretary, V. C. Hamann, 238 O'Farrell st.
OY TO LEARN GENERAL PRINTING;
must give first three months' services; steady
position. B. T.. box 143, Call Office.
OOD YOUNG BARBER ANTED| SATUR-
day and Snnday; percentage. 628 Post st.
WANTED-2 BARBERS, STEADY; 1 SAT-
TT urday and- Sunday. Apply 7571/2 Howard st.
AHBER FOR SATURDAY. 607 SACRA-
memo st. *
\TEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
Xi 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A^?TED^RELiABTE MA^JTo^A^iilST IN
plain cash business; 8 hours per day: experi-
ence not required : $75 per month ; must have $150
cash. 573 ] /2 Market St.. room 1.
pERMAN GIRL WANTS A PARTNER IN
VX re3ppctable saloon in good country «to\vn 30
miles from s.-in irancisco. with $175; to make
himself useful and look after the place. Call from
910 4 o'clock nt 122y 2 seven: st.
SALOON PARTNER; PAYING CORNER; EX-
perience not necessary some money. 633 J
Howard st. ■' '• -r '
\Y ANTED— WORKING PARTNER WITH
»» $50: inside work. X., box 131, this office.
I O(\ MEN " TO GET A SHAVE FOR 5 CENTS;
.1 \J\f clean towel to each; bay rum free: hair cut
1 Oc ; iiist-class workmen. 14* Montgomery aye.
■JVTEW GRAND," 246 ~ THIRD; 200 BUNNY
-•-> rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
WANTED- PARTNER IN GOOD FaTTnT;
• » business: small capital good investment; ad-
vcrMser is a ,butcher and sausagt-maker. 335V 3
Foorth.
T^OR TH BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
X try 13y 2 Grant aye. ; coffee a specialty.
WANTED— MAN TO RUN A BOARDING
'» stable: must have some cash. Address 1203Va
Market st., Oakland.
AN CAPABLE OF INTERVIEWING j
ness men. 423 Spreckels building.
IJtIRSTr CLASS OPERATOR ON CLOAKS
-F wanted. BOTWIN, room 31, History building.
BEST BIN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 72« i ... »pp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit" shoes bought and exchanged.
-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP AT A SACRIFICE;
■± must be sold by the 17th; owner leaving city.
Call 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS. ■'■-■•-.'; *: ■__.
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE— S6S; 5 LIVING
rooms; rent $15. 106 Ellis st.
ARBER-BHOP FOR SALE— CHAIRS;
XJ best, stand in city. 19 Fourth St., near Market.
"KMR.vr-CLASS DRY-GOODS SALESMAN FOR j
-T a first-class house in this city. Call at once on ;
United states Industrial Agency, room 165,
Crocker building.
p ENTLEMAN OF GOOD ADDRESS, WITH
vjr push and energy, to represent new corporation.
Address N. C box 52, Call Office.
AA MEN TO GET A STYLISH & DIIRABLIC
Jt/VVfShoe male to order at $2 50. 959 Howard s:.
Men" AND BOYS— A good chance to
make money fast and respectably. For par-
ticulars call or address 632 Market st., room 10,
Poßtoffice box 2299.
EST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED: S
courses, 10c. at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
TNDUSTRIOUB MAN WITH $40 CASH CAN
-I secure steady, profitable employment by ad-
dressings. A., box 83, Call Office.
BA RBERS-HALFINTERESTIN GOOD PAY-
ing shop, cheap. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106
Ellis st.
SKA MEN FOR SYDNEY, NEW YORK AND
other ports. Apply 10 steuart St., upstairs.
ANTED— AN ADVERTISING SOLICITOR.
" Mission Mai! Office, 1035 Howard.
9 GOOD CANVASSERS Foil SHOW CARDS
— wanted. 9 Geary st., room 2.
WANTED— EXTRA WAITER. 210 SECOND
• " street.
V E W WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
-i-> Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD-
Is the best, C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
rpHE RAILROAD HOUSE. 533 COMMERCIAL
X St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
1 25c for two; re3t and cleanest house in town.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
>' st.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c it night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
BARB FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
\\' ANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
' » their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; no charge unless successful.
K.NOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sutler, r. 4.
pOSE DALE HOUSE, 32i ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
Xt furnished rooms, 20c; SI per week.
"liiA MEM TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
J ' '\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
\\ ' a iii' M I N TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'T steam beer. Sc; bottle wine, sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S i /2 -SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c: DONE I
-»I while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 INIiKI.I. HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
J-J single furnish**! rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
"I EARN A TRADE— SIGN OR PICTORIAL
■X-i paintinc taught for $5: great opportunity . D.
LEVY. 35 Eighth St., San Francisco.
I ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment. secretary. CONRAD TROELL, 657 Cla>.
W" ANTED— LAEORERS AND MECHANICS
'» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
\\7ANTED-SINGLE~RbdMs7ISc A DAY; $1
» ' week; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
I Free BEER— TWO schooners FOR sc;
X also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay St.
"171 REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME;
X' single rooms 15c. 20c a night, $1 a week.
BEST IN CIT i— SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per nig!-:-, 81, *l 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
'1 00 MEN'S SECOND-HAN DKU SHOES.SOME
X\JVJ nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission st.
TKY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
-I low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW- MACHINE FOR RlPAIR-
ing shoes: call and see; half-soled In 15 min-
utes, done while you wait: all repairing done by
machinery: nil repairing at half price; work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
--*- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
AGKXTS WANTED.
T ADY "aGEKTS TO HANDLE FINE LINE
JJ ladies' articles; can make $25 per week; exclu-
sive rights. C. C. Company, 131 Post st.
WANTED— 2 OR 3 FIRST-CLASS LADY SO-
" licitors to sell a new patented article pertain-
ing to lady's apparel; never has been placed on the
market. For further information call at 1724
Taylor St., Oakland, Cal.; call from 1 to 8 p. M.
yN E i ETIC AGENTS FOR A NEW AND
J J fine house coal. Address Coal, box 163. Call.
/CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT society
\J wants good agents to work its accident and
sict insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA secretary. Murphy building.
ITUItE WASTED
a "sfi "''PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. . j a-
COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A 6th.
BSOLUTELY* HIGHEST PRICE. PAID FOR
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. si". Murke; st.; call or send postal.
BOOM S W ANTED.
W^ANTED^GOOD ROOMS ANT) BOARD
'» with a nice family north of Geary st.; will pay
$100 a month for man and wife. Address N. 8.,
I ox 7-', tins office.
WANTKD-MISCELLANJiOUS.
BICYCLE W A f E S"-SEt 7 ON'D r Dr2OTO
22-inch frame; must be in good condition; sub-
ject to inspection by expert; cash. Write descrip-
tion, particulars and price to W. D., box 81, Call
Office.
ANTED TO RENT-POULTRY RANCH: 5
to 10 acres. Address A. 8., box 54, Call Office.
\ \ rANTED-YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
»» repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor. ]
S~ ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
:LOD<ilN-<i-m>lT!sl£S JFOK SALE]
©oxfi ... ...;.Ts2so ....TTTTTTT
vT^jOxj $250
$250 CASH: "BALANCE.*" !
easy payments: 19-roo 111 house; price $850 1
18 rooms; best corner in city 1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st '850
60-room hotel, with bar: 40 boarders ." 3,5-10
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell '700 I
32 rooms to exchange for real estate 1.6'J0
10- room house: very central ... . -<50
$50,000 to loan on furniture. " •
_ H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St., cor. Taylor.
Sk9()o -' o; " ;INl; " lirsl: FOR SALETnR.
«,« * San Jose de P 01 : 16 furnished rooms-
rent $25. Apply 719 Howard. '
l-i\ ttOOMS WELL FURNISHED, NEAR
DU Sixth and Market, clearing over $103 la
month. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
!2fil4S'" r KH - *•!<-'« SUNNY BAY-WIN^
ale at; garden ana back yard; modern;
$10. *
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; ALL RENTED- NEW-
Iy furnished: bargain. H., box 77. Call.
carpets; etc.
■pURNITURE FOR sale." '
Three rooms furnished complete «47 nn
our rooms furnished in oik 0/1 m
Roxbury Carpets (30 days OnivV/laid 7B
Brussels Carpets (80 days only), laid 45
Heavy Linoleum (30 days only), laid 40
Floor Oilcloth (30 days only), "laid 20
SHI REX A SriIRKK, l^lO-I^stockton st. 2 °
CAKI'KT (X vA.MSU.
IT 'E3nTCHELLCAiu-KT t LKAN IXu
O . 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74
C l ET TUOUOUGHIjY CLEANED AND
CO -Tw£ ? Un '? , M v DeW * FERGUSON *
CO.. I.i Tenth st. lelephone number, south 33.
VJJins, 38 Bth. s PEVF.Ns, tn «r. Tel. South 250.
V^ ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
V . ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
ATI ON CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
-1-1 vatlng Works HAJIPTONJtBAILLY': lavin?
IHtd altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission iliZ
U KN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» 1 poor work send to SPAULDING'S PioneerC*r-
pet Beating Works. 353-7 Tehnma: t*i. 80-40.
( '°/ N X Ll N S CARPET BEATING WORK*
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
BTTSTINKSS OnANCEM. _ ;
~ayA7\FC COFFEE SALOON AND CHOPS;
iJlituU. vicinity Market and Sixth; finely fitted;
bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF, 865 1/2^Marke tst
CANDY-STORE; NO. 1 LOCATION: FINELY
fitted ; doing good business : best reason for sell-
ing. BAR RE IT it SKIFF. 865% Market st.
CM fifl GROCERY AND BAR, BEST POBSl-
•^•iv/l'. stole location: 3 living rooms; death
cause sal--. BARRETT & sK IFF, Mi.ii Market.
(»1 eyz. CANDY-STORE; FURNISHED RMS.;
<iPI-iO. cheap. BARRETT A: CO., 865 l/ 8 .Mkt.
aj*<T)f\f\ SALOON; kill VALUE BTOCK:
-JP^"'U. fixtures given away; block off Market:
account death. STENBERG <* TREIEER, BSJ
Market St.
AKtKY. COFFEE PARLOR: VERY BEST
1J location; finest fitted-up place In city: has very
I larsre counter and outside trade: positive guarantee
i from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places; must sell one at sac-
! rifice. STENBERG <fe TREIBER, 632 Market St.,
! opposite Palace Hotel.
| <DjXXA PARTNER RESTAURANT AND
| f!p*J*J\t. chophonse near transfer point; bier day
and night trade; guarantee clear $75 monthly;
full investigation; trial before buying. STEM
HERG THE IB Kit, 632 Market St.
fIgOAA KF.si AURA XT NEWLY FITTED
I — \J\J. up: rent and water taken out In board;
i no night or Sunday work; receipts $10 daily; big
. bargain. STEINBERG TREIBEK,«32 : Market st.
WHEN' YOU ARK DISI.USTED WITH OTH-
' » ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. RJfil * CO., 13% Sixth st.
OLD ESTABLISHED ING-HOUSE, IN
connection with fine saloon: doing gooa busi-
I ness; fine location. REIDY & CO., 13V4, Sixth st.
! If OR SALE— BUTCHER-SHOP AND SLAPOH-
j X tT-house in flourishing country town, 40 miles
from city; doing large business; icehouse, horse.*,
wagons, etc. REIDY .<: CO., I.C Sixth st.
T?O R BALE— HESTAURANT AND
X dining-room doing good business; fine fixtures;
excellent location. J. REIDY A CO., 13»/ 2 Sixth.
| dfI7C PARTNEB IN A PAYING CASH
V 1 I «J. business In this city: good for $85
monthly: can be increased. JOHNSTON, 26 1 3
Kearny St. :-'::j : -.-
-<S A(\(\ ROUTE CLEARING $100 MONTHLY.
•;''"'• JOHNSTON & CO., 16V 2 Kearny st.
<>■;•>(»() ONE OF THE FINEST SALOONS
'£)*"- x J\J. on Market st. paying over all ex-
j penses $350 monthly. JOHNSTON <fc CO., 26%
Kearny st.
flfc A ft (\ GROCERY AND BAR AT A SACRT
-?■'""• ''•'■ JOHNSTON. 26V2 Kearny st.
CjQfif I RARE CHANCE, PRODUCE AND
«JpOV/"'« dairy business;* old established; good
trade: profits $125 a month; can be Improved.
JOHNSTON, 26y 2 Kearny st.
rfl»/|AA PARTNER WANTED, IN LIGHT
(Jp'dV/v/. business, that will pay you $25 weekly.
CjQAA BAKERY AND NOTION STORE,
tJpOUU. clears $15 wkly: present owner 3 years.
<n»l Crt BUSINESS THAT WILL PAY YOU
tu?X O\J. $10 to $12 weekly, for lady or gent.
BTANLY, 9 Geary, room 2.
"VTOTICE — HAVING SEVERAL BUYERS
J.N willing to invest in legitimate business, parties
desiring to sell apply to HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny.
"ci.-| /»AA BAKERY FOR SALE— BAKING Is
• _ 1 ' "Uv/. barrels per week: 2 horses and wagon,
6 living-rooms: will give a trial; clearing Slso per
month. Apply HEALY cv. CO., 23 Kearny st.
ft.mrt ROUTE FOR SALE; HORSK AXD
«j5ttUU. light wagon; clearing $70 to $80 per
month; trial given. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
QQAfi PARTNER IN CO.VTIUC tTnT}
>irO\J\J. business, to attend office and collecting.
HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
QOQAfi CORNER LIQUOR STORE DOING
\p~.O\J\J . a business of $30 per day, clearing
$250 month: you can have month's trial: finest of
liquors and cigars. HEALY, 23 Kearnyst.
(Ji« 7AA A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY IS
♦ID I v/U. open to one wishing to engage In a good-
pivinir shoe businers: stock and fixtures will be
itt -red at a bargain; fine location; everything new.
J. B. MIHAN, 509 Kearny st.
* TTENTION LIQUORMKK.
■*.i- French liquor-store, corner. in Western Addi-
tion: established years; must be sold in 3 days;
Sickness; fixtures, etc., $500: stock at cost. Par-
ticulars 533 California st., Pinenlx Bar. WILKE.
Q4fifi ?400 J
tID^tUU $400
Restaurant, clearing $100 per month.
Apply to DECKER, 1206 Market street.
OOflfl SALOON NEAR KEARNY ST.; DO-
•tJSOV7V/. Ing good busines: pool table and cash
register: 10 rooms nicely furnished; low rent; a
| big bargain. PIERCE <fc CO.. 22 Kearny st.
■ (Bff'i^fi NICELY' FURNISHED HOUSE 12
I v ' >')\J. rooms on Market street: all rented and
paying well. Business Exchange, 873y 2 Market.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEGKAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
©(^fi GOOD-PAYING CORNER SALOON,
'ipvJcJV/. half block from Examiner office; aver-
age daily receipts $26; or you can buy halt interest
with bartender: must sell in 3 days; owners
bought hotel. Inquire 533 California, Phoenix bar.
BRANCH BAKERY' IN BUTCHERTOWN; A
bargain: 4 living rooms; rent M. Cor. N st.
and Railroad aye.; Thlrd-st. cars pass door.
A.Nrt:i)-i GOOD MAX WITH 9100 CASH
»» to travel for an Eastern liquorhouse. Address
L. W., box 79, Call Office.
T/*OR SALE— REASONABLE: RARE CHANCE
X for a good mechanic, with some business abil-
ity, to engage In a fine machine-shop, already es-
tablished and in rnnning order, in Oakland; low
rent for shop and dwelling: part cash, part trade.
Apply to J. 8., 512 California, run. 14, 12 to 3 v. m.
ANTE"S- lil V ST $400 OR $500 IN A
»» corner grocery and bar, with living-rooms at-
tached. Address R. J. D., box 122, Call.
TO BE SOLD THIS WEEK AT A BARGAIN—
Fine restaurant with latest improvement*;
worth $500; centrally situated; near Market st.
owner going back East. Apply Call Office.
TTARD WARE-STORE. NEW AND SEOND-
XX hand, at half price, or lots to suit ; call imme-
diately; a bargain. 546 Mission st.
PARTY WHO HAS a GOOD BUSINESS
. wishes the loan of $800 to enlarge the business,
or a partner with $6000. Address Partner, box 44.
this office. "
■HA MALE CAFE AND DELICACY STOKE
X for sale cheap. 1125 Valencia st., bet. Twenty-
second and Twenty-third.
CIGAR-STORE FOB SALE: GOOD LOCA-
V. tion, at a bargain. 1055 Market st.
W ANTED— TO BUY A GOOD BRANCH BAK-
'» cry, or would open one in a good loc In v
Address W. ... I".. 817 Mission st. *
OLD-ESTABLISHED LOON; DOING GOOD,
profitable business. Call after 12 m. 4C6 Du-
ront st.
BEST BARGAIN IN CITY; OLD-ESTAB-
lished grocery, bakery, candy and notion stor»,
wiih rooms: good cash trade; low rent. Inquire ac
Call Office.
RESTAURANT — ALL NEW FlX-
<{?«"«• tures, at a sacrifice: account sickness:
part cash. R.. box 101, Call Office.
W A LADY OR GENTLEMAN PART*
»» ncr aS cashier in good restaurant. Address
MRS. L.. box 54, Call Office.
T?OB SALE-BUTCHER-SHOP; GOOD BUSI-
± ness and location; bargain to right party. ah-
ply Call Olnce.
T^OR SALE-GOOD- PAYING HOME BAKERY,
X confectionery, icecream and candy parlor:
cheap rent; 5 living-rooms. Apply Call Office.
pESTAURANT— MARKET si. : CHEAP:
J-t agreement partners; make offer. Apply 29 6th.
j^IQUOR-STORE FOR SALE. 218TH1BD"sT"
Tj-OR SALE OR EXCHANGE-FIRST-CL
-I corner saloon; best location in city: established
over ,30 year-;; fine fixtures and large stock:
would like to exchange for ranch or city proper. v.
Address H. F.. box 61, Call office. »""^r->.
(t R i-«^ R iT f K1 >BAR FOR SALE.-INQUIRE
\-> 1(83 Mission, corner Fourteenth. \
<5*99^ BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY. BTA-
'■■ ——*>' tionery store: 4 living-rooms; rent $18:
no agents. 341 % Fifth st. * '
0- LD ESTABLISHED COFFEE SALOON AND
v^ restaurant for sale. Apply 223 Montgomery ay.
<2»99^ BRANCH BAKERY AND CHOICE
'• 7"? v*u * wearies; living rooms partly for-
mshed ; a bargain. call at store. 921 ■ ._. Howard st.
firlAA RARE CHANCE FOR A YOUNG
T S, man : peddling route with general mer-
chandise, etc., in • thriving country town Dear s*u
iranci.n-o; established five years; can be largely
increased; owner invalid. Address T.. box 88.
this otlice.
PARTNER WANTED IN ESTABLISHED
i- horseshoeing business with small capital. Ad-
dress Horseshoer, box 79, this office.
DRUGSTORE FOR A SONG— PAYING BUSl-
ncs), in good locality, fixtures complere and
rent low: but small cv; itai necessary; we most
sell. Address M. .V. care of Call Office. Oakland.
I?RUIT AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; GOOD
J horse and wagon: family and transient trade;
cheap rent. i"4-: Market St., cor. Qough.
UST BE SOLD MY t'EBRI ArtY 1— •£ EX-
press-wagons; stand cor. bansome and Sutler.
J. G. FREDERICKS, owner.
W ANTED— PARTXKR WITH SOME CAP-
»' ital, lady or cent, in light paying business, id-
dress A. M. ROSS, P. O. box 1032, .-an Jose, Cat
fll'-iTTn STOCK COMPLETE OF 21- ACRE
i£)O\J\J. poultry ranch near Fruitvale; long
lease: low rent. 34 Donohoe building.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
*J ment of about $50,003 in safe commercial
business. Address R. P.. box 43, this office.
<BJQAAA ROUTE FOR BALE; EVENING
tJD'JKjyjyj. paper; pays $150 per month, Apply
this office.
pHEAPEST AND BEST INAMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY" CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for *1 60. post-
::c- free. *~"
STIIUAGE ~~
OVERLAND ' FRBIG4IT rRANBFEB CO
Fifth and Bluxome sts. — Furniture and good's
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses: low rates; advances made. Tel. south 3bB.
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, BOCSK-
O r.o:d goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market «
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET^
" fetora^: low rates: telephone South 762.
K ,I T ;.Vr A . J iTOKAUK 'ANdESMADs'
X I *21-ii!3 Market »l CHA3. L. TAYLOJLH(»rsK-* TO LET. }
1 ONES BKT.JACksOS ASD PACIFIC— j
•' Neat 2-srory bay-window house; 8 rooms and ;
bnth; rein low. to .. good tenant.
Busii, bet. Mason and Taylor— Fine 3-story bay-
window liousj: Ji rooms and bath; rent low to a
good ■Hilt. •
Golden Hate aye, bet. Hyde and l^arUln— 2-story
bay-window; 10 rooms aiui bath.
Apply to C. S. CAPP CO.. House Brokers and
Real Estate Agents. 413 Montgomery st.
kjiTTrT; eary- 11 1 . j-' 11 rooms and
— 1 1 iiath; rent reasonable; key at 217^5. .
H, v - . ,~2225 I'O.^f— 6 TtOOM S~AN ) BATH;
baiement; Large garden ; stable; driveway.
K^QHOWa RD ■ LODGING HOUSB OR
ui«7 hotel. 35 rooms, $60: store. 827 60. '
•>•>- PKLL-9 1 BOOSTS \*-S2:|>VrrH STABLE
— •••• attached in rear, $5^ ;
OUXJfYiHOUaK OF. B BOOM*; MODERN IM-
-3 provement.s, 730 Capp st. : also house 6 rooms,
bath and stable; 107 rmauls st., near Fillmore.
HOOSK— 7 ROOMS: MODERN :IMPROVE*«
menu; opp. (;arti«-ld »q. Apply 1316 Treat ay.
Q - 3 ROOMS: REAR; 72 JI SIPER, OFF
'7 I . Folsom. bet. Tentli and Eleventh.
vJ.Q.^ !RE"DUCK7b~FIiuM"S4O: N MODERN
i^OU. borne of 8 rooai. Apply 15 Grant aye. J
H OUSK ■ OK .. 0 LOOMS AND BATH AND ■
yard; 147 Valencia st.; rent $16. Apply 283S
Mission. : '
SAVE] IRS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN & HAM
MONI) 10 Montcomery si. ■ -, .•
I'IItMSHKI) HOUSES^
TO LET— FUBNIBHKX> HOUSE; 507 BAKER
St., l>et- Fulton and Grove; 8 rooms and bath;
■alon parlors: completely furnished with all table
and bed linen, crockery, etc.; coal range, cas
stoves, eas rates, etc.; rent only $SO. WILL E.
FISHER i. CO., 14 Post st.
pOMPLETELY AND ELEGANTLY' FUR-
\J nished si-room house. Particulars of WILL E.
FISHER .v CO., 14 Post st.
EIANTLI FURNISHED; 6 ROOMS;
XJ adults: responsible; choice location: sunny,
modern. 1431 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
QIYX . 2050 JON ES. BET-'tJNION AND 111.
»Jp I «). ben; neat cottaxe; 4 rooms and bath.
Apply to C. S. CAI'P ,v CO.. House Brokers and
Heal Estate Agents, 413 Montgomery st.
C»1 (\ COTTAGE: SBOOMS; MAPLE COURT,
•. -Lv/. off Fourteenth St.. bet. Guerrero and Do-
lores. Apply to C >.. CAPP A CO., 413 Montgom-
ery St., House Brokers and Real Estate Ageing
i> 9/1 NEAT 6 BOOMS; BATH;
•_ — ''. sunny yard. 2425 Post st.
'>•)/» CENTRAL AVK.— COTTAGE; 5 BOOMS;
—_U bath; key at 2917 Bush st.
pOTTAGE. 5 ROOMS BATH. :"' RNISH-
V ed or unfurnished, cheap. 2521 McAllister st.
I^I.NM COTTAGES lOF 4 AM' 1 6 1 ROOMS,
bath, hasement and yard, ft.'it l.'nii.iT IWores.
FLATS TO Ili.
,£• 1 A B»ia^Saye^^t3betXwlebsteb
•~ li. and Filhnort; middle bay-window Hat; -1
rooms and bath.
«23 50—2054 Jones and Filbert st 3., SE corner;
8 rooms and bath.
Apply to C. S. CAPP ACO House Brokers and
Real Estate Agents, 41. Montgomery st,
HW FINE ROOMS WTTH2BATHB: ON
second and third floors: can he used together
-as 2 flats; on Hayes st.. bet. Octavia and La-
cuna: also '2 neat flats, 5 rooms and bath each, on
Linden aye., bet. Hayes and Fell, Octavia and La-
punasts.; rent low to good tenants. Apply toe.
s. i ait 4 CO., 413 Montgomery st., House Brok-
ers and Real Estate Agents.
"V E \V SUNN V FLA T • CASTRO CABLE;
JL> 5 rooms, hath; $14 10. was $20; water free;
pee photograph, s. I). iioViv 508 California st.
CUNN V UPPER FLAT 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
0 iill modern mprovements. b-5 Hayes st.
&1 - F Ti: ROOMS; YARD; STONE side-
• _ i ■>. walk. 2927 Sioramento st.: card.
JSJPLETKD— CORNER bay-win-
«l dow flat; 6 rooms; bath. Cor. Mission and :3th.
TTTwKR PA R 7 r~"oF"~HOUSE FOR RENT.
J> 9081 -s Pr>st St.
].) LOWERFLAT. 3 LANE PLACE. OFF
0 1 — . Pine St., near Mason.
1) XX is El>: ELEGANT NEW FLATS;
It \K. cor. Hnicht and s<:ot( -.; 0 and 7 modern
hunny looms: keys 202 Scott St.; JO see them.
CENTER .V SPADER, 30 Montgomery st.
>;i.h;.\\t NEW CORNER flat, 8 rooms
Xj and every imaginable convenience; worth
while skeins. " 1239 Pine st.
CM'NNY FLAT OF 7~R00M3 AND BATH.
O 1«)8 Hush St.
'■Yew. sunxyT'~4-i:o<im flat"; modern
i-' Iniprovementsu 6 Tremont aye., near Waller
St., <ioi.len Gate Park.
Q 6 NX Y~ CPPER BAY-WINDOW: 7 KOOMS;
0 bath ; modern improvements; very convenient,
ft Monroe St., off Bush (north), bet. Powell and
Stockton.
VTETCORNEB i OF-i LAGtTNATAND t ELLIB— O
Xi rooms; hath; modern improvements; rent so;
water included.
L'l i:vis|ii I. FLAT; 7~KOOMS: BATH. 1312
X Larkin sr., near Californi»; call 1 1 to 1. .;;-- ■■:•;
• ,-l j -■ riEK UODKRN - WINDOW
— OL"1 sunny flat; yard fronfan;i rear; $16.^
"L^ LAT76ROOMS ; BATH: YARD; BASEMENT.
J- 327 Height St.
I fill" OAK^NI-Tw FLAT; 4 SUNNY* ROOMS,
1 ' " ' i bath and basement.
Q A7-209 WEBSTER— SUNN-i I LATS OF 6
— "'• and 7 rooms; newly renovated; rent reas-
onabtc.
CPPER BA Y- WIN IX ) W SUNN Y FLATS;
- newly papered; 5 and 7 rooms; 318 totweil
st. 130 Church St.
q»Q 2 SUN NY FLA T>; 3 ROOMS EACH. 37
•_ O. Dore St., of) Harrison, near Ninth.
X' rPK~R~FLAT: 27 ifOfWELL'ST.; 6 ROOMS
handsomely papered; bath; basement: quiet
lionip for old people; ?23; wa:er free. Apply down-
stairs.
fl/ 1 £'AT; 6 1 SUNN Yl ROOMB, $20; COTTAGE, 9
X rooms, $15. Key 1706Hvc!est-
T" INK SU NNY UPPER>LAT;7ROOMS,BATH
x and improvements. Corner Oak and Scott sts.
"vl~a't^i;p"per FLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS
-T and bath: 1262 Eighteenth St.: rent $13: new
building. BALDWIN ct HAMMOND, 30 Mont-
gomery st.
TINNY FLAT 3 ROOMS; GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, hath: B"l3andsl6. 1706 Post st.
•I ? FLAT OK SLA BGE SUNNY ROOMS
•_ It), and bath; water free. 814 Nineteenth
st . bet. Noe and Sanchez.
Of j C FLAT OF 5 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
(Jit), and bath: water free. 25 Ford St., bet.
seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe and Sanchez.
1' pLEGANT NEW 1 LA -. SEVENTH ST., BE-
Xj low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
SAVES DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MONTi II) Montgomery st.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Clara Street.
AQ CLARA— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
"v housekeeping; bath.
i.ilily street.
CM - KDI)Y- NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
>F| I keeping rms: tine location; private family.
Kills Street.
m ELLIS .ST.-4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
+ 'rt rooms; with or without carpet: gas range.
I Jfth si reel.
99 1 FIFTH-HOUSEKEEPING: ALSO DOU-
_— L Me and single rooms.
i-> v l FIFTH -i NNY FRONT ROOMS AND
l-^vJ!> kitchen furnlshwl for housekeeoing; cheap.
. Geary Street.
£»AO GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
' Mil suite; complete for housekeeping.
m- GEARY — PARLOR, BEDROOM,
< dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries; $24.
Howard Street.
QfJQA HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
'i\J'i sunny housekeeping rooms complete; bath-
reasonable.
I 91Tho\vard sf.-2 LARGE sunny-
I I — J~;j furnished rooms for housekeeping.
I I ->ti HOWARD- 3 LARGE SUNNY' ALL
_^ *■>" newly furnished housekeeping rooms.
1 1 d.9 "OWARD-2 LARGE FURNISHED
lit— housekeeping rooms; range: rent $10;
also unfurnished.
1 91 A HOWARD~2 OB it J.ARGE .SUNNY,
-1 — 1"« furnished <•!■ unfurnished, housekeeping.
Hyde Street.
Can HYDE ST.— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
\J\JiJ, rooms, suite or sitiKle: pric moderate.
Jessie Street.
A7f{ JESSIE-2 SUNNY BASEMENT ROOMS
ii" neatly furnished tor housekeeping; single.
Joiii'» Street.
C 1 O JONES— .■■ SUNNY FURNISHED CON-
•' ' — nectlng rooms, including kitchen; grate.
McAllister Street.
t'\ii\ MCALLISTER- LARGE, SUNNY, FUR,
"!•'•> Dished room, with every convenience for
housekeeping; cheap. .
Hliina street.
•J>7"l MfXNA-1 SUNNY II ItMSHKIi BASE-
•'II ment room; closets: stove; water; private.
- J/« MINNA— FURNiSHJ-:!) BOOMS FOR
•' I" housekeeping; large yard.
■ Mi«« >»treer.
<i-/-l MISSION ST.— COMPLETELY FUR-
•' — •'» nished sunny housekeeping rooms; ex-
-1 usive bath and porch.
I •>()-> MISSION, CORN ER EIGHTH LARGE
j — vr_ gunny ii;riii.>in d rooms; light housekeep-
lng;;cbcap^a .
Ninth Street.
•KM J* lxl 'H-THItEB NICE HOUSEKEEP-
j.v j. ing rooms; furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
HOFSKKEEPIXG ROOMS — Contlnned.
Perry Street.
JJI9 4 FINE ALL-LIGHT SUNNY ROOMS;
tJp-LO. untarnished; also 3 nice sunny rooms, new
rear house, cheap: large yard. ■ 263 Perry st.
Sixth Street.
901 SIXTH— SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
_,)•_> ing rooms.
9| 91 SIXTH— SUNN Y FURNISHED
t-tXtu'j front room; grate; bath; $12.
Stockton Street.
O"! Cl STOCKTON ST. -2 HOUSE X FKPI.NG
OJL On rooms; cheap.
I 7 ' s ' "' ' X ■'"' ' -2 ROOMS, FURNISHED
JLJ l'»> complete for housekeeping; rent $10.
I \ Q9n STOCKTON--2 J OB t 8 I NICE ) BUNNY
J-O— \J rooms complete for housekeeping; cneap.
Taylor StreoU
"1 AQ TAYLOR— NEW HOUSE; NEWLY' AND
Lrx<7 completely fur.ilshed; all rooms sunny;
either Single or en suite: prices reasonable.
Twelfth Street.
I d PLTWELfeTH— NICELY FURNISHED
L'xO housekeeping' rooms: also single. •
KOOJJIS TO i,E'l.
l-.»l<ly Street.
Tin EDDY -SUNNY ROOMS, NEWLY FUR-
J- LO nished, $5 up: also few light housekeeping.
/Jin EDDY— LAUGH", NICELY FURNISHED
DL»/ front bay-window and sunny back room.
j.ininii street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUtvE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
-1 (1 EIGHTH-SUNNY ROOMS from $9
.1 HO to *6.
mELGHTH -SUNNY UNFURNISHED
X Xx housekeeping rooms, single or en suite;
choice rooms.
Ellis street.
A 9O ELLIS— NEATLY FURNISHED DOUBLE
J _••.:; 1 single rooms; central.
)•),, i .1.1 — NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
trOU for gentlemen; $10 a month; gas; bath.
Fillmore Street.
9flQ FILLMORE. NEAR HAIGHT— NICELY
— ' "« ' furnished room for lady or gentleman with
pleasant family.
fifth Street.
-1 07 FrFTn — pleasant unfurnished
.1A» I room to let.
Folsom Street.
QOn FOLSOM, Nil. "FOURTH— FURNISHED
O— V sunny rooms, $1 a week.
Geary Street.
GEARY, COB. TAYLOR-SUITE OF 3
i > )t~ connecting corner rooms: all sunny :adapted
for doctor's Office; furnished or unfurnished.
I GEARY- 2 LARGE PLEASANT ROOMS;
1 I 1 suitable for 2 person*; rent reasonable.
Hickory Avenue
QQQ HICKORY AYE.- 4 ROOMS BATH.
OOP Inquire 601 Hayes st.
Howard Street.
Of: Ql HOWARD - HOUSE CHANGED
•'»'•)-.; hands; newly renovated top to bottom.
lOll LARGE ROOM, BUITA-
x— L I a ble 1 or 2 men; gas: bath: private.
Uycl« Street.
JAO HYDE— SUNNY FURNISHED
ri\J*J front room.
Jones street.
9f)7 JONES — THE AN WINKLE: NEW
— •'I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to S3O.
QAX JONES — TWO NEWLY FURNISHED
*)\t<J sunny parlors; gas and bath.
Kearny Mreel.
A RLINQTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
J\- ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
.Larkin Street.
A9Q LABKIX— FURNISHED AND UNFUR-
Xt-iU nished rooms to rent.
p. 1 9 LARKIN - FURNISHED BACK PAR"
fjl — lor: suitable for one or two gentlemen.
Market, Street.
ynsKMITF. HOUSE. 1015 MARKET. BET.
x Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night. 35c to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families
Mason Street.
A 1 7 MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I "IX I front snaps, suitable for doctor's oil;
;ii iaalon SI reefc.
/I RAND SOUTHERN — SE. COB. 7TH AND
' I Mission. reopened : thoroughly renovated ;sanny
front rooms: elegantly furnished ;siijg)<tor en suite;
stationary waslisiands and running water In
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
m.> m~issio>: - nTcely FURNISH E D
UIO rooms, 15c to 50c per night, $1 to 52 a
week.
QQQ MISSION— I FURNISHED FRONT SUX-
-000 ny room: $1 25.
ZUoss Street.
-1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH-
JO 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Polk Street.
Q97 POLK, COR. O'FARRELL- NICELY
O-ii i furnished sunny rooms; housekeeping if
desired.
Tine Street.
m SINGLE BOOM WITH GRATE;
U-L J. other rooms .*4. $5 and $6 per month.
7fi/i PINE— FRONT BUNNY SUITE; FUR-
i Vtt nished $15, unfurnished $12 50.
i; us* Street.
91 BUSS — SIXGLE FURNISHED BOOM;
CiX. bath; closet; $5.
Seventh Street.
"1 Q7 SEVENTH — FURNISHED ROOMS $1
101 week up; also housekeeping and transient.
Sherwood Place.
1 Q SHERWOOD, OFF THIRD, MET. MISSION
-L V and Howard— ss a month ; 2 umurnlsbed rms.
Stevenson Street.
979 STEVENSON— LARGE SUNNY' ROOM;
— I— suitable for tailor-shop; good light: rent $7.
Stockton Street.
I Q"l A STOCKTON— FRONT SUIT SUITABLE
xOXtt doctor or dentist; nicely furnished; cheap.
Sutter Street.
Q9QB SUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
')/*') front alcove suit; also single room; grate;
running water.
Third Street.
Tir INCH ESTER HOUSE— 44 THTnn. NEAR
'I Market; most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night; ■*■] 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room; reading r'm; free bus.
Taylor Street.
'99 TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
%J~—t rooms: new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable.
■ • Turk Street.
9jl TURK— THREE CONNECTING UN-
O£rx'z furnished rooms: gas; bath; also fur-
nished room.
r 4*J TURK— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM. WITH
OTtO bath; private: $5.
1 A^KA TURK, COR. STEINEB— FURNISHED
J.TrOtt rooms by the week or month.
Valencia Street.-
O(\A VALENCIA — 1 NICELY FURNISHED
•'"I sunny furnished room.
Miscellaneous.
LM I.ION HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL—
F pislied roomg, single or en BUlte: $8 and $16 up.
VM I -RXISHKD KOOMS.
'Q^UN^ultxTsll^D^S^N^Y^R^O^sT^ I
'J Lewis St., off Taylor, near Post. .
. STORKS TO LET.
D~~ESK^ROO>L HIXTH JTrOC'l^jtoOM^^
Mills building.
|>AHEMENT TO LET CHEAP. COR. FIRST
x> and Market sts.
T.MJK RENT— LARGE FRONT OFFICE AND
.T part of store. 221 and 223 Market st.
OFFICES TO J..KT.
-piNEST IN THE CITY; ELEGANT SUNNY
I 1 flat of 6 very large rooms; bath, etc.; arranged
for office and livinit- rooms; on Post St., overlook-
ing Union Park; 2 blocks from Kearny; long lease
and part of furniture tor sUe; very cheap rent
Address J. E. S., box 115, thlsoHlce. '
PHYSICIAN, (EN 11 A LI LOCATED, WILL
1 share office; $17 50 each. Address P., box 0
this office. ' - ......
917 GEARY-PARLOR FLOOR; SUITABLE
-1 • for business; key at 217 V 2 . •
ESKROOM; CHEAP RENT. 509 KEARNY
St., room 8. ■ t ■
TJuiEE~"BENT {fa MONTH) GIVEN HOOD
X tenants; cottages, Hats, $5 up. SPECK &CO
602 .Market ml . . ■ . . .
[?LE4 ; ant offices in new spreckels
iJ building, 825 Market: rents low; no extra
ciiarge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or (i, H. UM USES tV CO.. 14 Monte, st.
SEWING • MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGED^
xv runted, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
"p EN TED $160 MONTHLY: SECOND-HAND
J v machines from $3 upward- Domestic, New
Home, White, Siuger at half-price. 145 Sixth at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1806.
BOARDING AM) ROOMS.
74 twenty - FTrisT, cbiu J ousSijfi^l
• 1* » very pleasant sunny rooms with excellent
board; reasonable. . ' .
'»*''O VAXNKSS AYE.— ROOMS
O--V/ with board; suite or single.
410 in Hi: — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
t:av front bay-window rcom, with privilege of
I'arlor and piano; first-class board. ■ . -
fiOfi EDDY-SUNNY SUITES, f 45 UPWARD;
\J*J\J Slnrte, 920 Qp ward; best board reasonable.
rililE WIXDERMERE, FAMiTy"HOTEL, 1401
1 \ an Ness aye., cor. Bush st.: everything new
" nd fresh; excellent board; no Chinese employed.
VTEW GOLDEN GATE HOTEL. 134 ASD IS6
-i-i fourth si.; new furniture and carpets through-
out; table firsi class; terms reasonable;. American
plan; free bus to and from depot. .
HOTEL BKBTLING. 714 1,l sil-\ FAMILY
xx hotel: references given and required; all mod-
eni conveniences. . ■
<i>:i.l»K:\ BOABDKD. r
yOU CAN FIND FINED HOME IX AMKK
X lean family tor child; ' la Address Reliable,
ho.\ 131, Call Office.
\\- AXTED-2 CHILDREN TO BOARD; ROOM
' » for parents it desired; no other children. 123
Germaniast.
V 1 RSI WISHES INFANT OB OEDKR
-»■' dren to board ; reasonable. 2810 Sixteenth st.
1 or TWO IHILDHKN TO BOARD, HAS A
_' daughter ],'■ years of age. 1505 Twenty-fourth st.
LOST.
I oar— Sunday! j Cn7^oordo!Tsetter
XJ bitch pup, with collar; tail cut. IT^ase return
to 1616 Sanchez st., cor. Day, and receive reward.
OLD PIN- SHAPE OF ROUND FLOWER;
vT diamond Betting. Liberal reward 220 Poms:.
t OST — SMALL tan cocker BPANIEL.
X-l Return 119 Lacuna st.; reward.
T OST LARGE BRINDLE GREYH OUND.
■1-J Return 1027 York St., receive reward.
pERT lin ATE OF DEPOSIT IN NAME OF
\J MICH A I I CURRY on Nevada Bank, Finder
please return to bank.
MONEY, BY NOT HAVING M ', HOUS"e
4-*- papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging company. 635 McAllister -it.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETC.
j ) i \ NOS— '"'" -~~^~~—~^^^
-i- Uazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson ; easy term*. 736 Market »t.
Ch 1 c kekixgTkxabe, ster-
llnpr pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, ie O'Farrell.
GREAT BARGAINS IN NEW AND BECOND-
hand pianos at MAUVAIS', 769 Market St.. S.F.
A ELEGANT CKICKERING PIANO WILL,
-iv be sacrificed at once by party removing from
the city: must be sold at once, therefore don't de-
lay calling. Room 21, Flood building.
AGNIFICENT BTEINWA"S PIANO OF-
fered for sale by private party who must real-
ise cash at once. Room 10, Flood building.
* >" UPRIGHT PIANO, GOOD TONE. DUB
-V able and only slightly used, worth $300, will
sell for about half that. Room 21, 809 Market st.
G~ i BEAT BARGAIN IN PIANO& HORNUNG 7 !
* > Piano House, 216 Post st. '
YUM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
'» roll, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
t-nd organs sold for cash or Installments.
V" ICE T !'!;!:. II r. SACRIFICED FOR $75.
-> Ki... 10, 809 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT PARLOR ORGAN; MUST
sell; early new. SIS Devisadero st.
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
-ii- for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it; please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutler sts.
Q I 7~\ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
O ! 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
\TEW YORK MAKE UPRIOHT GRAND $165;
-L> Weber $276. BRUENX'S, 228 Post St.
I)EMOVE D— F. W. SPENCER .v. CO. TO 338
J I Post st., near Powell, sole agents Conovcr,
Colby and Spencer pianos. 338 Post st.
DECKER BROS., STKINWA Y.FISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cast) or on easy terms. KOULER <fc
HASP;. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
XjVASY TERMS ;;LOW PRICES. KOIILER &
XJ CHASE.
T7IINE piano for sale OB rent CHEAP.
V SCHMITZ.I6 McAllister st., nxt gibernla Bank
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD* NEW
kJ I!. M U LLER, maker, repairer, 3 Latham nlace.
QTEINWAY, $215: WEBER, *->- : :>\ SOMKR,
0 $237; Wily, -jl-Jj; squares, i?os and 855.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
'. KIUVE"D— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
* » grade I. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. 11. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st.
HAINES BROS. 1 PIANO— A SUPERB IN-
striinieiit, surpassing any piano that we have
hitherto bandied: we invite a critical inspection.
A. I. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post sU
OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
In San. Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market St.. Spreckels building.
H-KXiTi i:»: roi; s\i : .
X I LX G AVt'lHuScaYiTi^^ 1 .- ,
XJ 6 pieces, $60; cost $150. 1121 Market st.
KG. KRASKY, ;■• : RNITI RE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, |9aml up: step-lad-
ders, -■■■ pr stop; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
pAIfPETS,- FOLDING-BED, LOUNGE, EX-
\J tension-table, Icechest. 323 Scott St.. cor. Oak.
"DEDUCTIONS ON LARGE 'iTOCK, NEW AND
Jl second-hand: 400 carpet good as new; oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles, 250:
ranrjes, $0; cash or installments; goods shipped
free. T. H. NELSON. 126 Fourth St.
T?OB BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND A::-
I ticles of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission st.
A BOOMS, OAK FURNITURE COMPLETE. $80
'I Elegant Brussels carpet laid 450
Heavy Linoleum laid 4Oc
Floor Oilcloth 'joe
New Bedloun«es. our own make $5 50
sll I ItKK A- Sllllil-.K. V'.lo-l-J Stockton, nr.Vaiii).
HORSES:
I,m- i. sivii-sii s^^ddle^horseTTchc^
-C oughly trained. 11., box 9, Call Office, Oakland.
HORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hyde
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
1 *Sr> BBTa Nl;u AND SPJCOND-UAND HAR-
XU\J ness: also wagons, buggies and horses:
contracting outfit; sand wagons utiti scrapers. Hi's
Mission st.
DEL C. 11. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
for S. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS
"XU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn)
Market. 327 Sixth st. ; auction Bales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
"I OH SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALI.
i"" kinds; second-hand wagons, bnggy, carti;
£lso "0 cheap horses. Kifteenili and Valencia sta.
FOB SALK-^1 I.SCIiI.LAM'.oTIsT
BABY' CARRIAGES AND P.a I 1 A \ PURNl-
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing.
-inset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell St., near
Stockton.
1-ui: SALE— COUNTERS AND SHELVING.
X 1 118 Valencia st.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOIr-
NLA RATTAN COMPANY', 61 First, nr. Mission.
I (\(\ (U\(\ SECOND - " AN " BRICK FOR
J. \J\J.\JVJ\J sale: second-hand lumber of all
kinds; cheap. Masonic aye. and Turk st., Fit.
teentb and Dolores.
YAW '95, STRICTLY HIGH GRADE 3105
<.> bicycle, $40. 8., box 79, Call.
T> AR OUTFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REG ISTERS,
-L> scales, etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
MONARCH CARD SliOT MACHINES FOR
l'l sale or grven away, KAHN & CO., 220 Cal. St.
DELLOWB, ANVIL, VISE. TONGS, SMALL
lJ steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
"pli'.i; AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTKR-
x press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102
Clay st.
ENCYCLOPEDIA BRIT ANN A. $25. KING'S
■XJ old bookstore, 15 Fourth at.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZK
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market hi.
AJEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
IN hand. W. 8. BAY Mfg Co., 12 California St.
CHIUXTE RS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
»..' bought and «old 1121 Market bet. 7th and
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-i\. WEEKLY' CALL, In wranner. for mailing.
» . i.\L >otioe.s.
I vl PAKTMENI N<>. 54 (PROBATE). tN IHK
XJ Superior Court, in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State cf California— ln the mat-
ter of the estate of ELIZABETH L. MOXLEY,
deceased.
Notice is hereby given that TUiCSDAYi the 14th
day of January, A.D. 1896. at 10 o'clock a.m. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of said
court, at the new City Hall, in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for ' proving the
authenticated copy of the will of said ELIZABETH
L. MOXLEY, deceased, and for hearing the appli-
cation of JOHN C. HUGHES and JAMES W.
MCELROY for the issuance to them of letters
testamentary. • - - - - .
Dated January 3, A. D. IS9B.
[Seal.] • CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk,
By F. B. HOUGHTOX, Deputy Clerk.
JAMES A. WA VM I UK. Attorney for Petitioners.
ATXOKNKVS-AT-LA>r. -
ADVICJC B REE; DIVORCE AND PROBATB
laws a specialty; suits, superior. Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc,
6. W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Markot.cor.Stockton
T\\ .1. MURKY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR. AT
1 . taw; advice frte. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
\IT~W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNKY-AT-LAW
IT • Caiiloruia st., [qu. 14-16; adrict iiv*.
PERSONALS.
"*~gxes^Cv'hy you""go'~i~ast •
-fv night? Got my hair dressed at C. LEDER- ■
KR'S parlors (successor to -Mine. Spitz), 111 Slock- '■
ton st.: receiveabest attention: was surprised at •
price; only 25c; to-night sure. i, BESS.
WOMAN WANTS .-.I A X < IK MEANS TO EN-
»' gage In business. Address M; M.,box 100, Call.
DAG CARPETS w^v"E"TobTi'DKn7Kc>ji haTe 7
J t also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres- deal- •
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland. Cat:
pARTIES WHO SAW THE YOUNU LADY
1 thrown down by the Pdwell-st. cars near Pine
St., December 12 last, please call at the American
Exchange Hotel ana confer a favor on MIHS 0
WALDBOP. .
L'l'M PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT TO
'.C the new gold mines in Alaska apply to C D
LAPP, 9 Third St., San Francisco.
DRESSMAKING BUSINESS; CENTRALLY
located ; for gale cheap. P.M.. box 63, full Ollice.
\ EW PROGRESSIVE WINDOW~AND HOUSE
X> cleaning Co.jfloors scrubbed contracts -day wk
or mo. P. CAKNOVA I. A CO., Eddy. toi". S. 252.
ADVICE DIVORCE AKDPBOBATK
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc (3
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton. i
PICTURE FRAMING COMPLETE"* WITH !
■1 glass 7x9 inches, ill,-; Bxlo and 10^12 ]'><•■ '
11x14 and 12x10, 20c; 16x20, 30c- 20x24 45c'
JONES, 517 Mission st. ' '""*■ *"""
EGYPTIAN HENNA, $1; IIAIRDYJS, PER-
J-i fectly harmless. Langley-Michaels Co.; all .
chemists; Hubbard'a 923, Hauptlt's. 1156 Market. ]
1/oK KINK POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
1 STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market. (
1 DANCING FOB BALLROOM OR ST\GE '
iJ^ taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
"PAKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
J- and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday, ;
January 6. For particulars audrcss or apply 424 ;
Pine si. ' . 1 "
Tf AIR-DRESSING ANY STYLIV_'Sc WAVING i
I-l included: excellent switches and front pieces ' '
I for»l : hair chains made to order irom $2 50 up- '
strictly one price; established 1869. ill Stockton
st. B. SPITZ. Q. LEDKHEK sneceasor. Ut - Kto " (
T~ E. IMIILLIPS, GENERAL PRACTICE IN :
l^. U. S. and State courts; damage cases Offices
725-726 Spreckcls buildiug, o'-'7 Market st.
( m>mi:, HAVE YOUR I'l.ATil KB BKDS. PLL- ! '
VJ lows filled. 870 Mission, cor. sth. O. McCABE.
S I a ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
♦Ip l floor. 206 Lea ven worth st.
I/l.Kci RIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM—WIN-
-LJ Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 '
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per ;
week : free bus to and from the ferry. .;'■,<-■>'• •'
AIRS. M. H. <>B EP., HEADQUARTERS OK
Vpsilanti Union suits and Equestrian Tights '
.inros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout Sgnies "
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco. ' ,
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329 '
Sinter st., between Stockton st. and Gran: aye. ;
where ;he best of coal can to had at lowest prices! I
ANE MORE CUT— ■■ ~ ~~" i !
V/ Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
, Oak Chiffoniers From $10 un ! -
Oak Bed Sets *17 50 v , i
Oilcloths and Linoleums , ■ 30c up I
Stoves and Ranges .....; 9 3 up , >
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything. < <
Cash or time payments- J. NOONAN. 1
1017. 101b. 1021, 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth. 1
T IBEIIAL APVANGhS ON DIAMONDS. JEW- I
JLJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st. !
innn ll - !Vl:ss (i ARDS, SI 50: tele-
JA/yl/ phone "Black 141." II 1J,1,.724y 3 Market.
SUITS MADE T" ORDER of ELEGANT 1
remnants for $10; samples and self-measure- !
ment on application. LEON LEMOS, Merchant i
Tailor, 1332 Market, St., San Francisco.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS, ! •
O showcases, counters, shelving*, mirrors, desks, '
cafes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of j
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be- j
fore going elsewhere. J. NoONaN, 1017. 1019, '
1021, 1023 Mission st., above Sixth. i
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGH! AND SOLD; ■
store nx tares, doors, windows, lumber pipe, I
etc.: cheap. Yard 11*56 Mission st,., near Eighth. I j
t»I9SI ITS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL. ■
Cl- NEUHAUS. Merchant Tailor, 115 Kearny.
pLO A ( APES AND si 1 is RETAILED AT
V. mfrs' com. Factory, 20 Bansoma St.. upstairs.^
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS 1 AND LADIES 7 " ■
clothing bourht. ( OLSI AN. 41 Third St.
DRESSMAKEBS*.
__^ 1 j
BRADLEY, 313 GEARY ST. — ELEGANT ! .
stylish suits made, $5 up; dresses made over.
D.l ISSEB *2 AND DP, WRAPPERS 860 and •
up. 505S i tsatoi ... St., upstairs.
DKKSSES CUT ANDJFITTED, f3; DRESSES, ;
popular prices; waists .$3. II Geary st.
OUITS •*;-(: SKIRTS 76c: CHILDREN'S SUITS
0 .f. up. 559 .Stevenson st. : lit guaranteed.
CLAIKVOY ANTS. j
iV: > " WONDEFUL GIFTS."
CALL THEM WHAT YOU MAY.
People of San Francisco as well as other cities
marvel at his power. Lawyers, speculators,
business men of all grades, ladies from every
walk in life together sound his praises for ,
the benefits they have received. His !
parlors are always filled with anxious
people seeking reliable information, and every
reply la most gratifying; all are pleased; Pro-
fessor Eugene gives advice on business,
speculations, Investments, love, courtship, . •
marriage and divorce; suttles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and 1
causfs a speedy and happy marriage with the one
of your choice; he locates mines and buried
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies, ,
removes evil influences, gives advice per- '
taining to lawsuits, locates and recovers
old estates: developing mediums a
specialty; the troubled and unfortunate should :
seek his counsel; thousands of families' long i
separated have been reunited by bis efforts; 1
thousands of hearts made glad through bis
truthful predictions; he is the only clair-
voyant on earth recognized by the ,
profession as their brightest star; all persons un
successful in business, who seem to be unlucky,
should visit him. seek his aid and .start aright;
thousands have become wealthy through
his advice; he is ever ready to assist
those with capital to find a sale and '
good-paying investment; young men Starting in
business will find i: greatly to their ud vantage
to consult him on all matters of financial in- ;
ures; to themselves. Professor Eugene
should not be classed with the many cheap
pretenders who infest cities and bring i
disrepute to the profession. His past successes in
matters of great Import are 11 positive
guaranty of bis power to perform the won-
ders that have made him famous. AH ■
in" invited to call, Hoars 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Letters with stamps answered. 1728 ■
Market si., parlors 1, 2, 3 and 4.
A 1 ME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
ill great clairvoyant and card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned to
her old rooms in Han Francisco; ladies and gents
60c. . 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4. .
Ml:^. RYNERSON, WORLD-FAMED lo-
cater of mines and minerals, Room 'JO, 148
Sixth st. . '
DRKSKNT, I'AKT \X'> FUTURE, 25c. ' M m ' :
-i- .LEGGKTTE, 311 Tehama St., near Fourth.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 8051,2 Market.
pROF. LEON, THE RENOWNED PALMIST
X clairvoyant: wonderful power; convinces you
when others fail. 533 Post, 9to 8: also Sunday.
Tl f ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
i'-l imst, present and future ;2Sc up. 764 Howard st. >
M.MX. RAVENNA, siTlixcs DAILY:
-I*- names given, 2."> c up: systems taught to play
races and sure tips given. 828 lioward.
MME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL- i
er by eggs and curds: tells entire life, past, '
present, future; consultations on all affairs- noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure '■
help: restores lost love by sympathy -. mistake im-
I possible; fee $1; letter $ 2. 929 Post at., nr. Larkin.
UGUSTA LEOLA, FORTUNE . TELLER ; j
-v magic charms, love tokens; true picture of ,
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc ; has the ■
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
f£ejjsl and upward. 2826 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
C\ LAIRYOYANT — CARD READING, &0c
\J 400 Ociavia st. ; formerly 128 Turk st. •
sI'IIMTI AI.ISM.
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; CLEMBNa .Mlts ;
1 Cole, 528 Golden Gate ave.;_loc; sittings daily.
f ABIES' FIRST SIM I; 111. \ l"alD"s6ci"etVl
JJ circles 2:30 p.m. 10 Hayes st.; 10 cents.
R. WOOD, CELEBRATED IN DK.r KXDK \ I
slate writer and trance medium. ' 597 Bills St.
\ . WONDERFUL POWEB OVEB DISEASE;
A Mrs. Dr. W. Marandas' revealed medicines;
never fail in rheumatism, pftKalysla, fits and nil i
nervous diseases, etc.: if you cannot call and seek
this wonderful medium write and inclose a lock of
hair and $1 for a correct diagnosis of your disease;
true life reading. l&aiVi -Market at., opp. Van
Ness aye., San Francisco, Cal. . . . ' .
MOB. J. -I- WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
PHYSICIANS.  . .■; ■ ; ; .
Di ; . a . c Ts^h^sicn^urTj eonTlutya t,
U arverslty Turin, Italy. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt :
Mils. DR~PARLOW, CHIROPODIST. 126
Cearny, mi. 47, hrs. 11 to 5; res. St. Nicholas.
KKMOVI.D DR. < . C. O'DONNeTTI TO 120(i
J.V Market St.; diseases of women a specialty. '
SJiCiCLEii, . .-.^ _. : . .-
WINDSOR BICYCLES; : STRICTLY HIGH
»» grade; no stamping: • all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years.' a. L. l; x-
CROFT A- Co., 324 Post St., *. i . \" y -i:> ;;*?•' ■•'-' '
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET;
best accommodations.' ' Terminus Geary, Mo-
A) lister find Powell si car hues. . ■■
FINANCIAL. -■ ;-,■;-.; •;.• ,
ANY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
*t\~ your furniture, pianos or real estate; lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write- open
•veuiusa. J. KOONAN, 10-1 .Mission aw-
city kkal estate. - .
— ~ ITa? "h7
— "■• $750- — : : —
— ■— — — ■ ■ ■ ■' " — $750 — : — — — — -:
— — so — :
■750 IN PRIZES.
A BUILDING LOT FOR NOTHING. '
in oner to promote the further im- .
provement and development of the
CASTRO-ST. ADDITION we are going 5
to make? liberal inducements in the .
form. of prizes to those who will build
houses Costing over $750 before April 1,
1896. This offer applies to all parties
who have already purchased and to those
•'v 'who purchase a lot before February 1,
IS9O. Full particulars at the office.
We desire to call the attention of those
who have not seen the'Casiro-st.- Ad- ■
dition the unusual opportunity for secur-
Ing a home lot. .
THE CABTBO-PT. ADDITION
Is on the line of .the Guerrero-st. electric
road, only ■..'"> minutes' ride from the
New City Hall, and 5 minutes from
. Thirtieth and Guerrero sts.
BUILDING LOTS range from $350
to $500. : • ■ . ■
THE i KRMSare only $10 per month.
' Till' STREJSTS are all 1 : grfit'ed,
■ sewered ' ' and macadamized. Water
piped to every lot. Ail ready lor imme-
diate building.
• THE BEST LOTS IX THE CITY at
the prices, either for a home site or as a
savings bank In which to put $10 a
month, (all or send for man
BALDWIN <& HAMMOND,
- 10 Montgomery st.
-B. A. 11.
LEG ANT HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 363
'■' 103:6; >■■.:■> side Devlsadero, bet. Valiejo and
Green: cost .*14,500: wilt sell at a sacrifice: make
otter. ILL .'•:. FISHER* CO., 14 Post st.
T or 25x 1 27:6 ox 15TH AYE..BET. D AND
JJ C sts., Richmond Tract, cheap; must be sold;
party going away. For particulars inquire at 1805
Mission St.
l'oK JS ALE— THE FINEST HOME IN THE
X' City for the money ; Page and Lott sts.; see It
to-day; premises, .i. ANDERSON, owner. !
QOXA MUST BE SOLD: OFFER WANTED:
rip— .Ou. this lot Is worth doable: 2 blocks south
of the park; cash or installments; title insurance;
Bee owner at once, 9 Powell st., room 3.
1 WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
•J? 1 $100-Lot 100x100; .fl weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 26x100: »1 weekly: sewered.
8826— Lot 35x100; .fl 60 weekly, macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 21x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. '
T AKEVimV LOTS; NEAR NEW RACE-
Aj track; low prices: easy terms. THE McCAR-
TH V CO., 616Marketst.
010 Ann SOLID 3-STORY residence;
'pl-.UUu. 727 Golden Gate aye.: lot 25x
137:6. This is unquestionably the cheapest, piece
on the avenue. Billiard-room; frescoing, etc. Open
tor inspection.
HOUSES BUILT? 150 To $275 A BOOM; CALL
and examine 11 lan't. 11.19 Mission st.
JUONKY TO I.()A.\.
UTHY PAY fi ox THE HUNDRED
'* mission to the broker when you can get the
same direct from the leaner without it and with-
out charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furniture of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal: any amount from SlOO to
$5000. 418 Ellis St.. room 22. •
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
J-J mortgage*, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alanieda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 24O Montgomery.
IO A NS— II KST AND SKCOnTTvIORTGAGES;
i city or country: furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
\ DVANC i:so.\ DIAMONDS,JEWELBY,ETO
JrVcolumbia Loan it Collateral Ollice, 9 Grant aye.
V NY AMOUNT: IST; 21>or 3D MORTGAGI S;
-i*- estates, undivided In .rests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
IST AND MORTGAGES; CITY 08. COUN
-Ltry; administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 628 Mkt.
\fORTGAGES. PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
*»I rants. SALOMON .v < < ' 328Moutsniry,r.214.
MONEY LOANED, f.\.. PER CENT ON
mortgages. A. V. JOHNS CO., 632 Market st.
VI ONE V LOANED on JEWELRY -and
-i'l other valuable.-) at the Security Loan Otllca,
o(s Market st.,nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
OX FURNITURE AND PIANOS, WITHODT
removal. l^.ioiii !,8, [■■oii'-lioeb'd'L'. 1170 Market
P IWNBBOB ESS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
-t\- loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
}Hi i VI lO.\AL
I, 1 M ELIE MioL^L73r~w"iTL^riicli^Fr~A
U limited number of pupils: thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster st., cor. of Washington.
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: PIUVATE
1-i Or Class; ullages; moderate. MISS V.'A7,DIIr
I.ON, Supreme Court building, 805 Larklu. rm.OH.
CJPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
-0 Ulian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month; also painting academy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, .$3 month; translations. Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market si., room >'•"!.
TTOCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN iIM
* proves and beautifies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
l REXCn,SPANISH,ET( . PROF.DeFILIPPK'S
I Academy of Languages: 320 Post; estab. 1871.
MM i ■■. l i i •- - .-• > DEB Jl iS REMOVED
to 520 Suttor St.: teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution; lad ■ ana
gentlemen coached in operatic. Shakespearean and
other plays; appearances arranged.
Miss BOI.TI.'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
i-»l st. — Board. English, French, pl» no, dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con- 1
scleu»lous parents to give children a superior educa-
tional low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
J[>NGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, EN?;;
J j lish literature a specialty. MISS KOULSTON.
724 O'Farrell st.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY;
class or private. MRS. EH RMAN, 1234 8u5h st.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
H Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage, i:. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. If. block, 7th and .Mkr.
SCHOOL 1 RICAL., CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; tab. 'o4. VAN DEE a l i.i.KX. 723Mkt.
QTUDENTS PREPA RED FOR Tin-; UNIVER-
-0 sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE., I
JL> Berkeley. Cal. T. S. BOWKNS.M. A., Principal. j
lOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET i
\ taught. Prof. L. m '■: it Geary :rensnnabie
INDIVIDUAL rNSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP- !
i- Ing, Bhortband, etc Stlelll'a College, 723 Market.
Cl'.i.N 1-11. FKENCH.GEBMAN ; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught, Write f or catalogue.
TVTIGHT SCHOOL: lit-. OOLLKGE;24
Xl l'ost:i'onimerci:U, shorthaiid, Knelisb: low ra:e«
v / r ■ j <>l7n7m Xndo"lin" . CKLLI >. ■'. •. N.lo. |; I A-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1048% Valencia,
/CHEMISTRY AM) ASSAYING. CUNNING-
" hara's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
v^AX FRANCIS* o BUS/NESS COLLEGE, 1236
l ■ Market: send for cat.; day and evening session.
~\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS _ TEE
- V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
JIJODICAL.
fffiZlMi l^MATii USREGULARITIES RE
-V stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
ftiiy time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTII, 916 Post St., near Larkin.BHS
rs. goodTvTnTmakes a specialty of
Diis. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
chance; separate home for patients; best skill; '
medical attendance: low fees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market. .'• . - .
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RE
lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
in San Francisco, restores all cases by an Improved
method, superior to others: ladies will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
cially invited; home In confinement: treatment
warranted: advice free, confidential. DR.andMRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., near Jones.
ANB W PROCESS— MEDICINE, IN ST ul
ments or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from What cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sur- call on men's
physician ;knowled«e can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny St.
TJkl V ATE HOSPITAL, 837 MISSION BT.;
X patients receive best of care; terms moderate.
JADIEB — DAUDET'B FEMALE REGULa"
JJ ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fall:
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
Dr. ii LL. i* McAllister street, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children.
\ SURE CURE FOB ALL" FEMALE DIS-
eases, from whatever cause: a home In con- -
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MBS. DR. GWYER. 228 Tnrk at.
DU PRAE*S IKMM.i: regulating pills;-
sale and efficient- fmmenai;osnp;. ?l-per box.
RICHARDS&CO., drnggtfts,! Clay st. .sole ug'ts.
V JIOME, A r i:l K.\ DA ND MOTHER'S CA RE.
. V MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 14 18 Eighth St.. Alfcmeda.
nils. DR. WEGENEK; I'ItIVATK BOMB IN
ii confinement: Irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation ; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
A"' LPEAU'S~FR*ENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
A ladies troubled with irregularities; bo danger;
safe and sure: $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't Uelay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cat •■' -
1" i' IRREU ULAK Oil AX V FEMALE DISEASE
see Mrs. Dr. >'uetz_and be content. 254^ 4th.
BUILDING AM) LOAN ASSOCIATION.
jpONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN AS
VJ sociatlon— Home office, 222 Sansome .st., S. F.
General savings it loan business. Ed E. Hill. Pros.;
Olivet Ejdxidge V.i'r.i \V Curbiu, aec.&Ueu.il»a
COINTKY HEAL JESTATi..
NEW HOUSeC BARnTaND
*J haysheil; nil under fence; for sale for $500; 2
miles from Brentwood, Contra Costa Costa County,
Ca!. Inquire of L. GRAN MA Brentwood.
t{f\f\ ACRES IN SAX LUIS OBIS PO COUNTY;
\J\J\J a!l level; plenty of water; good range; very
desirable for stock; will trade for business In city
or city property. (J. s.. Eureka Delivery. 1148
Mission st. . ■:•; ;",
GREAT BACK! PICE FOB CASH; NON-RESI-
*~ dent owner; unimproved residence and busi-
ness property centrally located In Los Angeles.
i 11. O:, box 27, Call Office, San Francisco.
I? OB SALE OB EXCHANGE— aiI ACHES OP
-» mountain fruit land in Santa Clara County for
City lot. Address A. L.. box 31, Call Office.
A 70- ACRE HILL CHICKEN RANCH;
-f*- acre's cultivable: 200 cords firewood miles
from school; ft from town; lovely shade trees; a
sightly, pretty place: $500; bait cash. D. 11.
TVVING, -Sonoma City. Inquire 652 Market St., S. F.
IfOK SALE OR TRADE— I6O-AOBE GRAIN
ranch: all fenced; comfortable buildings; near
Tlpton, 1 ulare County: price $6000. PHILBRICK
A CO., 2548 Kolsotn, mar Twenty-second. .
11l OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— 240 ACRES: '.200
- level, 60 clear; nice orchard assorted fruits;
plenty of wood and water; good dwelling, barn,
etc.; nearly all fenced; close to large town: 10
hours from city; $3000; part cash, balance on
time: will trade for city property or good business.
C. 8., box 77, tbis office.
ARIX COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco
Rancho de Xovato. °-*i}J it
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , do irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to sf7sueracre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farina for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 05 Chronicle building.
RANGE BLOSSOM COLONY, ■
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
I Beautiful young oranze groves In tracts of 5 acres
j and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
■■ and a half miles from Oakdale.the principal station
i of the Southern Pacific Railroad ontheline between
StocKton and Mercea. The Stanislaus and San
Jcaquiu Irrigation Comnanys canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
i either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
-1 ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
I Bloods. TIM property is under the immediate
I direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
' who has received diplomas and medals at eight
' different county fairs In the State and for a small
1 consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
j residents.
a high and dry country, with a perfect natural
i drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
j affords excellent sport for hunters.
• Prices for land. Including a perpetual water right
; ana planted to oranee trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
| proved land with fully paid up water rights, $70
i per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
i six annual payments, without interest; title per-
j feet and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
-1 dress
"easton, eldbidge & co.,
638 Market Street.
San Francisco. CaU
Or F. T. KNEWIXG, our representative,
Oakdale. Cal.
4TO BACKK CHICKKN RANCH Ert i»X 10
years' credit. D. H. T\VING. Sonoma City, Cat.
1 A ACRES, S100: MURE SAME PRICE; PAY-
i J- v/ able $2 a week, without interest; level valley
; land; railroad runs through the tract: the best
bargain in California; secure a home; you will not
i miss the $2 a week; will be worth $5 to $1.
WESTERN LAN D COM PAN V, 640 Market st.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTKR .t Wll 1 T lON, San .lose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
$T C\C\ LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
tTpj-UU. come to day. LODGE & POWELL;
Q£A(\fl(\ klegant house of 11 rooms
*S)T:VUv7. and bath; lot 37x160; 3 minutes 1
walk to Market-st. station; part cash, balance to
suit.
$1000— House of 7 rooms and bath, near Oak-
st. station; $600 cash, balance can remain.
1:. HILL, Real Estate,
Boom 34. ponoboe Building, S. F.
ffljOA MONTHLY FOK~~ft-KOOM COTTAUES:
<j__-<____ans 'ree. F. BOEOLE. Golden Gate statn.
(£• 1 :() LOTS NEAR THE ALTKNIIEI.M IN
vPJ-OKJ. Frail vale; electric cars; only $1 down
*nd $1 a week; selling fast: pood Improvements
H. B. PINXEY. owner. H(l- Broadway, Oakland.
ALAME DA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
A L MI,I)A BE V L I STATE.
IAA IJUWX™ EITIK iAM NHwT-ROOM
'„ 1 '\ ' modern cottage in center of city, closo to
school and station; lot 85x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale- Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda.
vi: Af\(W\ >"EW AND MODERN HOUSE OF 7
•.. M".'W. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: in
good locality; terms easy: installments. JOSEPH
A. LEOXA RD CO.. 1364 Park St., Alameda.
SANTA CLARA CQUNTYT
REAL .ESTATE.
QANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres In subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
c' 2 East Santa Clara st., San Jose, Cat
to exchange:
FOX SAI.K-IN EXCHANGE FOiT"b'oaß~d'
completely and elegantly furnished house of
rooms; price $800; or would sell on easy terms.
Address M.,bo» 123, Call Otlice.
; A VA X TED-TO EXCHANGE FOB INCOME
j '» property i i San Francisco, desirable unim-
proved residence and business property, centrally
j located, in Los Angeles; great bargain. 11. 0,,
j box 72, (ail Ollice.
TO EXCHANGE TN~ALAMEDA— OF
8 rooms and bath; lot 50x140, Enclnal aye.,
for nice lot near Golden Gate Park.' Address R. 11.,
box tO, all Office.
dentists; "
D~~l?r^Km?(7E^wrTKElc~ THjTgEXUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate,* moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
•JL bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. K. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
.SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
DR. 11. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
t\V~. ir. 11. SHAW, 23 I Evl: v V — BRIDGE-
\ ' work a specialty ; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
; I \!:. 1., i. CUA.NZ— KXTKACTIO.V PAINLESS"
xJ crown work, bridge work and" teeth, witbous
I plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
CtROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
V^ ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
I frm $5: fillings firm $1 : extracting 50c. with gasfpl.
$7 A SET FOR TEETH: WA SB ANTED A3
»]P I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMM;*,
dentist, ()::<) Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
I LUDLtTM H11.1,. 1443 .MARKET HT.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting when
plates are made: old plated made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting sOc: gas given.
/ Mii.ro.N DENTAL ASSOCIATION. SOiTmaß-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES .\W DECKER.
Di;. J.J. leek, 1206 market^ COB. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK " REASONABLE AND WAR-
J\ ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1128 Market st.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IX AMEBICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. "
MAItKIAIiK tICKNSKS.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Hernhard 11. D. Harde and Adele Parsch, 43—28.
W. P. 1 uruin and i.uparla Farringion, 50—17.
George Small and Mary SlanUard, 43—32.
■Joseph Schwab and Mary Mainzer. 31—24.
Hugh E. Smith and Margaret Lovett, 35—37.
. John Iro.ie and Theresia Goloblcb, 26—19.
Arthur Wagner and Mary Henna, 22—19.
JjiIVOKCK PKOCEEDINUS.
' Complaints filed: st
" Harriet Nielson again s James Nielson.
...John K. Crawley again t Minnie Crawley.
Divorces granted :;■'•
Alice Chesmore from C. W. Chesmore, for will-
ful neglect; by Judge Hun.
Matilda A. Strickland from Hiram O. Strickland,
for failure to provide; by Judge Murphy. Custody
of minor child awarded to plaintiff. . , .
W. W. Walls from; Maude Walls, for desertion;
by Judge t-anderson.
Florence G. Pierce from i David W. Pierce, for
the conviction of defendant of a felony; by Judge
Sanderson. . , \, . . ' • ,
. BiUTIIS — MARRIAOp — DEATfIsT
, I Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be .Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication ollices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BOKN.
FELDCAMP— In this city, January 5, 1896, to the
wife of L. 11. W. x eldcainp, a son.
JONES— this City, to the wife of H. T. Jones,
a daughter. : / . • ...
LACKY— In this city, January 6, 1896, to the
wife of Thomas J. Lacey, a son.
PBESHO— November 30,1895, to the wife of John
Presho, a son. ; ' ■
f;.*.- ■ *
' • JtIARRIKD.
I GOODRICH— LUCHSINGER— 8, 189 C,
by the Rev. Walter D. Nicholas, Elliott D. Good-
rich of New York and Alvina L. Lucbainger of
Ban Francisco.
BORDEX— PETERSEX— In this City, January
- 1896, by the Rev. 3. H. Schroeder. Reinhard J.
Rorden and Wilbelmlne J. Peterson.
_ _ _
Armstrong, Dennis * Gill. Charles
1 Assnllno, Catertna Greeley, Mary
Baker, Abraham Hennessy, Elizabeth C.
Callaghan, .lames ~ Kelly, Peter
Campbell. Diincan Kr 'is-;. Mrs. '/.. '/..
Case, AdeltaJ, Kroger, Louis
Chamberlain, William .Levy. Sam
mery, Marie L. Linguist, John *'.- -*•
. Dawson, John - Mueller, Wilhelmlna
Deegan. Mary ortila. Vanrell
Dent, Thomas I'riester. —
! Ellis, Charles Redmond, Marguerite
Eyatn, Mrs. Ylctorine Rowell, Mary Anna
\ Fish. Mrs. Lena • .; Rowland, Willis T.
i Ford. James B. Runttell, Martin
Freeman, William X. Russell, Mary
! George. Robert Schultz, George M.
ARMSTRONG— In this city, January 9. 1896,
Dennis Armstrong, father of Mrs.G.W. Ade, a na-
tive of County Armagh; Ireland, aged 73 years.
ASSALIXO— In this city. January 8, 1896. Cuter-
ma, dearly beloved wife of Sal vat ore Assallno,
and mother of Mrs. Aunie A. Cerutti and Miss
Vittorla Assalino, a native of Italy, aged 53
years.
43" Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
January 12, at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 38 Twenty-seventh street, northwest
corner of Harrison street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BAKER— At sea, December 31, 1885. Abraham
Baker, a native of England, aged 46 years.
CALLAGHAN— In this city. January 9, 1896.
James, beloved husband of Johanna Callaghan,
and father of James Callauban and Mrs. Mary
Passo o, a native of County Meath, Ireland, aged
63 years.
J(K3~Frlends and acquaintances am r->spect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from bis late
residence, 331 Filbert street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, \'a:ie-.j street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m.
j Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In Golden Gate, Alameda County.
Januarys, 1896, at his residence on Crawford
street, Duncan Campbell, beloved father of Mrs.
Mary McLeod, Mrs. Sarah Lyon and Duncan
Campbell, a native of Argyle, "Scotland, aged 67
years 8 months and 27 days.
*s" Friends and acquaintances «r« resnect-
; fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
[ (Friday), at •_' o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Valente, Marlnl 4 v Co., 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CASE— In this City, January 8, 1896, 'a delta J.
Case, a native of Oh 10, aged 68 years 9 months
and 19 days.
CHAMBERLAIN— In Sacramento. January 8,
1896, William Edwin, husband of the late Char-
lotte A. Chamberlain, and father Of the late Ed-
ward A. Chamberlain and Mrs. Florence L.
Julien of Sacramento and W. E. Chamberlain Jr.
of San Francisco, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 94 years.
fif3*"Fneiids and acquaintances are rpspect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock P. m.. from his late
I residence, southwest corner Seventeenth and M
streets, Sacramento, Cal. Interment private.
. CUMMERY— In this City. January 9, 1896, Marie
Louise Cummer)-, beloved daughter of J. Gillett,
beloved mother of Mrs. 11. G. Ilalsey, a native of
Fans, aged 47 year 3. f Alameda papers please
copy, j
c io~l-'rl«--!ids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. k.. from the par-
i lors of H. c. Porter & Co., 122 Eddy street,
thence to the Church of Notre Dame desVlc-
toires. Bush street, near Stockton, for services at
9 o'clock a. m.
D.\\r-(»\ — In this city, January 8. 1896, John
Dawson, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
DEEGAX— In this city. January 9. 1896, Mary
Deegan, a native 01 Ireland, a."-d 60 years.
DENT— At sea, November -. 1895, Thomas Dent,
a native of Swansea, England, aged 50 years.
ELLIS— Tn Bast Oakland, January 8, 1896, Charles
Ellis, father of C. J. Bills of Sacramento, aged
69 years and 9 months.
J6fS"Notice of funeral hereafter.
j EVAIX— this city, January 'i, 1896. Mrs. Yi<-
torine Evain. a native of France, aged 55 year.?,
FlSH— December 8, 1895, Mrs. Lena Fish, mother
; of Mrs. M. Shawl, a native of Germany,! 93
years. ■
FORD- Entered into rest, January 9, 1896, James
8.. beloved husband of Catherine Henry Ford,
a native of Randolph, JMas<.. aged 41 years,
I Lynn and Brockton papers prease copy. :
JBSrKiinernl strictly private from ln«< late resi-
iience.l446 Leavenwortb street, TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
: Cypress l,:r.vn Cemetery.
FREEMAN— In this city. January 8, 189H, Wil-
liam X. Freeman, .a native of Missouri, aged 49
years 1 month and 17 days.
GEORGE— In Baßsallto, Janunrv H. 1896, Robert
George, a native of Maryland, aged 75 years.
GILL— In this city, January 5. 1896, Charles Gill,
a native of England, aged 52 years.
GREELEY— this city, January 9, l^^6. Mary
Greeley, a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged
74 years.
. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors 01 the San Francisco Undertaking Company,
: 1235 Market street, near Ninth, th( D to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
i will be celebrated tor the repose of her sou!,
' commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
II ::.\.NKS>V- in this city, January 6, 1896, Eliza-
beth C. llennessy, a native of England, aged 72
years. ;
KRUGER— In this city. January p. Lans, Louis
Kruger, a native of Germany, aged 53 years 7
months and i 0 days.
KELLY— In this city, January 8. 1896. Peter
Kelly, beloved brother of Mrs. J. T. Finn and
Mrs. John Craig, a native Of the parish of Taugh-
maconneil, County Boscommon, Ireland, aged
48 years.
Jt-^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock P. m., from 41!H._. Na-
toma street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KREISS-In this city, January 9,1896. Mr a. ;in -
retta Z. Krelss, a native of Germany, aged 64
years 11 months and 23 days.
LEVY— In Stockton, January ',", 1896, Sam, be-
loved husband of Emma Levy, father of Law-
rence and Sadie Levy and brother of Mrs. Menu
Solomon and Mrs. Lizzie Cook, a native of Ger-
I many, aged 51 years.
agrFnends and acquaintances are r<>sr(«ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday) at 10:80 o'clock a.m.. from the resi-
dence of his mother-in-law, Mrs. It. T. Harris,
1225 Golden Gate avenue. Interment Sills of
Eternity Cemetery by 11:45 a.m. train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
; flowers.
! LINQUIST— At sea. September 29, 1895, John
Llnqulst, a native of Sweden, aged 23 years.
MUELLER— In this city. January 9, 1896, Wll-
helmina, beloved daughter of Julia and John
Mueller, a native or San Francisco, aged 7
i months and 9 days.
ORFILA— In this cUVi January 8. 1886. Vaurell
j Orfila, a native of Mahon, Spain, aged 63 years.
j> -'j' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Friday), at \2 o'clock p. jr. from the par-
lors of Godea-a & Co., 326-328 Montgomery
avenue, near Valleio street.
PBIESTEB— In Dormltz, Bavaria, beloved father
I of J. Priester, aged 63 years.
REDMOND— In this city, January 9, 3896, Mar-
guerite, beloved daughter of Joseph and Julia
Redmond.
. , 45* Interment private.
: ROWLAND— In this city, Jannar/ 7, 1896, Willis
I •'!'., beloved husband of Mary Rowland, and
i father of Willis, May, Alice and Laura Rowland,
I a native of st. Joseph. Mo., aged 61 years 3
1 months and 7 days. |New York and Brooklyn
papers please copy.]
Off Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tins DAY
(Friday), ai 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 462 Tehama street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city, January 8, 1896. Mary.
beloved wife of the late David Russell, and
mother of George D., Mary A. and the late Cath-
I erine Russell, a native of Waterford, Ireland,
• aged 68 years 2 months and 8 days. [Jordan and
Weedsport papers please copy.l
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 235 Twenty-ninth street, near Church,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her .soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROWEL— January 6, 1896, Mary Anna, wife of
. the late Dr. Charles Rowell.
BUNDELL— Oakland, January 6, 1896, Martin
Rundell, a native of New York, aged 80 years and
i . 9 months.
i SCHULTZ— In this city, January 8, 1896, George
• M., beloved husband of Barbara Sennits and
father of Philipp. George and Henry Schultz
and Mr*. R. D. 'Wlieeler, a native of Sachsen
Coburg, Germany, aged 69 years and 24 days.
A member 01 Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W.,
and Mission Turn Vereln.
.03" Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday). January 10, at 55 o'clock p. M., from
liis late residence. 1009 Nebraska street, bet.
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
I UNITED . I/NIJEIITAKERV
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Bates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
I 'j McAVOY & CALLACHER, '
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBAUIKBS, I
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. I
• Telephone 3080. I
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TNSANMATEO COUXTY; NON-SECT
JL laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care ; beau-
tiful, permanent and easy of access; see it before
bajiliß a burial place elsewhere. >
City Office., » City Hall A vena*.
/fK D^ EY&co rf^V
ft a PATENTS! i)
«A _ -SniTniiirmTT ■■■mil willi l! A
MARKET S.T.SJF^m2r
1516
MRS. TUNNELL IS
FOUND AT LAST
The Chief Witness in the
Church Scandal at
Visalia.
THE OVERMAN LETTERS, j
She Virtually Admits Their ]
Authenticity, and Says They
Were Stolen.
GRAPHIC STORY OF THE CHASE.
Mrs. Davidson Subjected to a Severe
Cross-Examination on the
Witness-Stand.
Mrs. Tunnell has been found.
The chief witness in the Brown-David- !
son scandal, the woman who for two weeks '
has evaded the officers of the law and suc
cessfully ran the gantlet of press repre- |
sentatives, was yesterday located by The
Call at Yisalia.
She tells a graphic story of her flight !
from Dr. Brown's house, 1703 Geary street, i
San Francisco, at 11 :30 o'clock on Sunday
night, December 29; how she caught the i
last boat that night for Oakland; how she '
was traced to the residence of Mrs. Hayes
in the city across the bay and was again
obliged to take flight for Grangeville, ■
Kings County, where she was a guest of 1
Mrs. Hayes.
There she was again located by The
Caii. und in order to escape the reporter
she started brisht and early the next
morning to walk to Hanford. There she
took the train for Tuhire and then drove
to Yisalia, with the newspaperman still on
her trail.
Mrs. Tunnell gives as a reason for her
flight from the City her desire to escape
notoriety in connection with the church
scandal. When finally found at Yisalia,
however, she threw up her hands and
frt-ely told her story t>> The Call repre
sentative.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Davidson on a charge of extortion, pre
ferred by the Rev. Dr. C. O. Brown, was
aued before Judge Campbell ye-ter
day. The aged defendant was on the
witness-stand all the afternoon and was
to a severe cross-examination.
. - proceedings were enlivened j
■ its between opposing counsel and •
Judge Campbell. At one time Attorney
iie excited the ire of the court to
such an extent as to be threatened with
commitment. It all came about over the
admission <>f testimony relative to the
prisoner's char.-/
.Tudge Campbell had decided during the
early part of the discussion that unless it
could be shown llr-. Davidson had been
cocvicted of a felony it was not proper to
ask her questions on such an interesting
episode of her life. Later he reversed his
own opinion, to the great disgust of the
attorneys lor the defense.
"I cannot understand it," said Guilfoile,
"but your Honor seems to be ruling dif
ferently in the case of Brown and the
present witness. It may be—"
'•Now, tee here," interrupted the Judge,
"I am endeavoring to conduct this case
according to the law and the evidence, and
I do nut want any insinuations from you
to the contrary. As it is, you are almost
in contempt of court."'
Then Attorney Goilfoile beeged his
Honor's pardon and said he would not lor
the world intimate the possibility of his
Honor's acting in any but a fair manner
to all.
Mrs. Davidson was on the witness-stand
for four hours. She gave a most remarka
ble exhibition of lapse of memory.
She recalled with perfect distinctness
the date of her birth, the fact that she was
a Bible class and Sunday-school teacher
for a long period and that she nursed the
sick and wounded during the Civil War.
But from 1878 to 1383, a period of ten
years, her mind was a perfect blank.
Under oath she swore that she could not
tell one single event which transpired dur
ing that time— what she did or where she
was.
It was a wonderful exhibition of forgetful
ness—clever in its way, because it pre
vented the introduction of evidence damag
ing to the witness' credibility. True, it
was ail brought out that Mr?. Davidson
had at one time been an inmate of a reform
school, but of this she swore she had not
the slightest recollection or knowledge.
Mrs. Davidson was asked to identify a
picture taken at Lynn ten years ago.
"Is that your picture? 1 ' asked Louder
back.
: it nit profess to be a judge of my
res, hence I will not say whether that
is my picture or not," came the anex
■ 1 answer.
The prosecuting attorney was somewhat
ncerted at this, out resumed the at-'
tack bj asking if he knew a man by the
came of Bhaw at Lynn, Mass. She re
in the negative.
"Do you mean to tell me that you do
not know Shaw?"
"I have no recollection of the person
named."
Then ex-Judge Louderback started off on
a eew tack. He asked where she was and
Highest of all in Leavening Power. Latest U. S. Gov't Report
' /IBSeUJTEEir PUBE
• < ■■"■■■ - * -
what she was doing each year froin[lß7B to
1888.
Invariably the answer came back, "I do
not know."
The case will be continued in Judge
Campbell's court at 1 o'clock to-day.
MRS. TUNNELL FOUND.
The Chief Witness In the Brown-
Davidson Scandal Tells Her
Story.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. o.— Under the
glare of an electric light *'i one of the
side streets of Visalia is the home of a
good Christian woman, and in her safe
keeping is Mr. Tunuell.
Tux Call representative has had a tire
some sice of it in following up the trail ol
the missing witness. Shortly after 9
o'clock this evening word was received
that Mrs. Tunnell would see The Call re
porter. After entering the house she did
not delay, but came in with outstretched
hands and remarked:
"I hope that all my friends will know
to-morrow that I am in the best of health
and in safe hands."
"Why did you run away?" was asked.
"From the reporters and also dread of a
Bubpena. 1 don't crave notoriey. I am
not afraid to tell what I know, and if I
could be secure;! from that I would cheer
fully testify. I was getting tired of it ail
and so made up my mind to escape."
"How did you carry out your inten
tions?" v
"Well, first I went to Dr. Brown's house,
but the reporters were thick and persistent;
they just dung around the house till mid
night. Then I left by tlio rear entrance
and went to my friend, Mrs. Katun, in
Oakland. They soon located me there,
and it was just as bad as at Dr. Brown's.
I left there in the evening and went to
Mrs. Hayes at Grangeville. Was there a
week and was feeling safe.
"Last Monday night some one knocked
at the door. Mrs. Hayes being busy with
her household duties, I answered the
summons and found a gentleman who
afterward proved to be a Call reporter.
He asked if this was Mrs. Have-' place. I
told him yes. He then asked me if a Mrs.
Tunnell stopped there, I told him I
would ask Mrs. Hayes. I sent her to the
door, and I again made use of the back
door and walked out into the country for
a distance of six or seven miles. I re
turned home after 9 o'clock."
"The next morning I arose before day
light and walked to Hanford to Mrs.
Grover's. She is a daughter of Mrs. Hayes.
"That evening the children drove me to
the station, and I took the train to Tulare.
I stopped at a friend's house there that
night. The next morning I took my valise
and started out afoot, intending to go to
another friend's house, where possibly I
could rest for a day or two.
"I was walking along contentedly when
• buggy containing a gentleman and his
wife overtook me. They asked me to get
in and ride with them. I asked them if
Mrs. Tunnell.
[JVoin a phi,toffraph.]
they were going near my friend's house
and the answer was in the affirmative.
"Nearing there I saw a buggy with a
man in it and asked who that was. On
being told it was a Call reporter I re
quested them to % drive on. After going a
short distance I proposed to get out and
walk.
"They asked me where I intended to go,
so I said Yisalia, and on telling them the
name of an old lady friend of mine they
informed me she was a dear friend of
theirs. So here I am, free once more.
"I first met Mattie Overman in 1889 at
Spokane. It was in church, and we were
sitting in the front rows. She occupied a
seat in front of me. Bhe had a pretty little
black-haired child with her.
4 I remarked, 'What a strange combina
tion — a black-haired child and a red-haired
mother.'
"After service T met her in the Sunday
school. The regular teacher being absent,
I was called on to take charge of the class.
I was very much impressed with Miss
Overman, because her answers were so in
telligent I at once took a liking to her.
"At that time she was a dressmaker, and
while there her people moved to Tacoma.
She told me then that she received at
least two letters a week from Mrs. David
son begging her to come to San Francisco;
that she had a nice room for her and would
make it pleasant.
"Mattie could not understand why such
i a fine educated woman would want a poor
ignorant country girl with her.
"Miss Overman met Dr. Brown before I
did. In her letters from Tacoma she
wrote about her preacher, and at that
I time I had some of Dr. Brown's writings
and I admired the articles. Mattie wrote
me that she thought of going to the
World's Fair, and with that our corre
spondence ceased for a very long period.
During the Midwinter Fair time I at
tended Dr. Brown's church and introduced
myself to him, and asked him if he lately
j had heard from Miss Overman. To my
i surprise he answered:
41 'Yes, she is here in San Francisco and
visits our home every few days.'
"She called on me at my request and
lived with me for several months. She
then went to Dr. brown's.
"Yes, Miss Overman greatly admired
Dr. Brown and told me about the intellec
tual feasts they held every evening. She
was hungry for information. They were
greatly attached to each other. I don't
know of anything of their so-called hojy
love. They both conducted themselves
properly, as far as I know of."
At this point of the interview Mrs. Tun-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1896.
nel was shown the published letters from
Mattie Overman to Mrs. Tunnell.
She threw up both hands, stood look
ing at the documents a moment and in
quired in a subdued whisper where they
had been found.
"I did not know they would ever come
to light. Give them to me instantly.
They were taken surreptitiously from my
trunk at 1041 Mission street. Give them to
me instantly."
"But, madam, these are not the original
letters."
"I know, but they are copies of the let
ters I received from Miss Over ."
Suddenly she stopped and turned away.
"What did I say?" she continued. "Xo,
no, Ido not want them. They are not the
letters Mattie wrote me; you may keep
them."
"What do you mean about your trunk
being broken open?"
"Some lady must have done it, as they
were all published."
"What were published?"
"Matties letters."
"Then they were hers, were they?"
"Yes — no. Gracious, I — "
And in her agitation she knocked the
lamp off the table, plunging the room in
darkness. On lighting a match the lamp
: and chimney were found in <_'ood condition.
I She then cried out: "Oh, who has broken
into mv trunk?" and immediately left the
room in great confusion.
COURT PROCEEDINGS.
Lively Tilts Between Judge, Counsel
and Defending Witness— Case
Continued To-Day.
Judge Campbell kept the many hun
dreds of people who were anxious to listen
to the cross-examination of Mrs. Davidson
yesterday guessing from 1 o'clock, th«;
hour set for the continuation of the hear
ing of the charge of extortion against the
defendant, until 1:40 r. m., when he called
for order in the courtroom of Judge Conlan,
instead of that of Judge Joachiinsen, as
had been announced. The uncertainty
relative to the place of holding court and
the delay in opening the proceeding that
have characterized this case were the sub
ject of much unfavorable comment. As
was stated by an interested person enough
time has been thus unnecessarily wasted
to make up a day's session of the court.
In advancing' to take the stand Mrs.
Davidson showed almost youthful spright
liness in her apparent eagerness to face the
ordeal of cross-examination that awaited
her. Her counsel opened the proceedings
by asking her, "Did you relate to the
doctor at any of the meetings you had with
him prior to the day that he gave you the
$500 the conversation or conversations you
had with Mrs. Jane Elizabeth Baddin?"
To this the witness replied, "I did."
Counsel for the prosecution objected to
her repeating this conversation, as it had
already been given, Mr. Lloyd jocularly
remarking that he objected to a repeater.
The wrangle ended when Attorney Gal
lagher had succeeded in getting the wit
ness to state tfiat what she told the doctor
relative to the Baddin conversation was
true. The cross-examination was begun
in rather an unexpected manner, being
based on a letter received from Chief In
spector W. B. Walls of Boston, Mass., in
closing copies of papers in the case of the
people of the State of Massachusetts
against Mary A. Davidson.
Thee papers purport to show that Mrs.
Davidson was convicted of a certain crime
in that State nine years ago.
Accompanying the letter was also a pho
tograph of tiie woman convicted, on the
back of which appeared the following:
January 2, 189(5.
I, Joseph E. Shaw of Lynn, county of Kssex,
commonwealth of Massacrm.se Us, hereby make
the following deposition, to wit:
1 have known Mary A. Davidson, alias Mary
P. Sturgis, lor fifteen years and more, and while
a member of the Massachusetts disinct police
arrested her in Albany, N. V., November 17,
1886. She was brought 10 this commonwealth,
tried at the Superior Court at Salem, January
term, 1887, convicted on four counts for selling
mortguged property, sentenced to thirty
months in the House of Correction, which sen
tence she served.
1 alSo declare this photograph to be a correct
likeness of her at the time of her arrest.
Joseph E. Shaw.
Suffolk— ss. January 2, 18!)0.
Personally appeared before me Joseph E.
Shaw, who made oath that the above statement
was true to the best of his knowledge and be
lief. Isaac S. Mudem,
Justice of the Peaue.
Judge Louderback had charge of the
cross-examination.
"Did you ever reside in Albany?"
This raised an objection on the ground
that it was not proper cross-examination,
Attorney Gallagher claiming he had asked
her nothing about Albany, adding that he
had carried her from the time of her birth
to 1873 only.
The court— l am inclined to think where you
have gone into her life the prosecution have
the ritiht to go into her whole life.
Gallagher— lf your Honor is uoing to try the
case according to the rules of evidence, and
you have applied them strictly against the de
fendant, you should apply them now We
have excluded twenty years from her life.
[ There is nothing in the record on these years
and the prosecution has no right to go into
that period on cross-examination, but must
confine itself, according to the decision of the
Supreme Court, in the cases of a defendant
strictly to the matters brought out on direct
examination.
The court— Objection sustained.
Louderback— Did you know a woman by the
name of Henrica Iliohon in Albany?
'•No, sir."
"Did you know such a woman at any time?"
"1 never knew her."
"Did not she accuse you of obtaining money
under false pretenses on a fraudulent Insur
ance policy in which you figured under the
name of Baddin?" .
The court sustained an objection on the
ground of the question not being proper in
cross-examination.
Louderback— Did you ever reside in Lynn,
Mass.?
In response to an objection by Attorney
Gallagher ex-Jadft6 Louderback said his
question was merely preliminary, and that
he would prefer to wait till the statement
regarding ncr conviction was brought into
court.
This aroused Attorney Gallagher's ire,
who protested angrily at the statement of
the other side regarding the conviction of
the defendant.
Louderback went on to explain that the
question was only preliminary to asking
her about a conviction of felony. He then
continued addressing witness:
"Is that your picture?" (handing her the
photograph received from Boston with the
inscription on the back).
The court— Objection overruled.
Witness— l do not profess to be a judge of mv
own picture.
"You say that under oath. Do you know
you are stating that under oath?"
"I do."
This elicited a doubting laugh from the
cross-examiner, which brought down the
wrath of Attorney Gallagher, who objected
to the opposing counsel's hilarity.
Louderback (continuing unmindful of Galla
gher)—Do you know a man by the name of
Joseph K. Shaw of Lynn, Mass?
An objection to this was overruled.
Witness— l do not.
"Did you ever know a man by that name?"
"I can't say, sir."
These replies evidently nonplused Mr.
"IS THIS YOUR PICTURE," ASKED ATTORNEY LOUDERBACK.
Louderback, whose face showed deep dis
gust tinged with the bitterness of defeat,
but after a short pause he returned to the
attack with renewed determination :
"!>o you know an officer of the State of Mas
sachusetts by the name of Shaw of Lynn.
count y of Essex?"
"I have no knowledge of such a man, s.ir."
"Well, did a man by the name of Shaw ever
arrest you for any offense?"
The court— You cannot impeach witness in <
; that way.
Gallagher— You got her answer and you are !
, bound by it.
Louderback— We do not have to believe h»r i
: answer.
In the course of the discussion which I
I followed Mr. Louiierback said to the lead- :
! ing attorney of the defense:
; "You don't know her (defendant) yourself.
; W hen yon know it little more of her pa.st his
; tory you may then know a little about her."
<.al!agher (resuming his argument)— These
: people have no right to get this witness to
! identify herself.
! The court— They ran impeach this witness
by showing she was convicted of a felony.
Louderback— Were you ever arrested" in the
county of Essex?
An objection to this was sustained.
"Did you ever serve a term in jail in the
county of Kssex?"
An objection was sustained.
"Did you ever go by the name of Abbott?"
"No."
"Have you ever been called or known by the i
name of Abbott?" ■
"As my surname, sir? My middle name is
Abbott. But I him- never been called Mrs. Ab
bott." |
"Since you have been married have you ever
been known as Mrs. Abbott?"
"No, sir."
"Have you ever been known as Mary P. I
Sturgis?"
"I know nothing of it, sir."
"Do you mean to say that you do not know
whether or not you have gone by that name?"
No, sir.
•'Were you ever called by others by that
name — Mary P. Sturpis?"
An objection was interposed.
Louderback (to the court)— She has given
most remarkable testimony when she .says she
does not know whether or not sne ever was
called by the name of Sturgis.
The court (to the witness)— Were you ever
| called by that name by people generally? Did I
you ever answer to that name?
Witness— No, sir.
Louderbaek — Have you any knowledge
whether you ever used the name of Sturgis for ;
yourself?
Gallagher objected and while he was
stating his ground Air. Louderback en
deavored to induce witness to answer. This j
precipitated a short, but hot tilt between j
counsel, Gallagher charging his opponent
with unfairness, and Louderback was
forced to desist.
Gallagher claimed that the line of ques
tioning was not proper cross-examination,
and that the witness could only be im
peached by contradicting her testimony on
direct examination or by showing a con
viction of felony.
Lloyd (taking up the argument)— The witness
testified to her cood character. She opened the '
question of her character herself, and Itig le
gitimate cross-examination to show her bud
character. It is our right to show she has led,
a disreputable life. That is a very important !
element. Upon any question of doiibt charac
ter must be considered. She has undertaken to ■
raise the shield of good character for her protec- !
tion. This shield the law gives her. It presumes j
her cnaeacter to be good unless otlierwi.se
shown, but she has endeavored to show us upon i
her own testimony that her character is srood.
We want to show that her shield is rotten, '
rusty and full of holes. She tried to impress !
your Honor with her patriotism in caring for |
the wounded during the war and with her
moral and Christian attributes in teaching |
Sunday-school. We will show that she is a j
fraud, a liar, and that she is a blackmailer and !
simulator. Had she kept her lips sealed we
could not break through her shield.
The court— l have a very high regard for your
statement as to all that, but I cannot fix it in
my mind that you are right.
There was some further argument on the
I matter and Judge Campbell finally decided ■
the prosecution" had the right to go into
the character of the defendant and for this
purpose could traverse her whole life.
In the course of his argument, Attorney
Gallagher, in response to questions from
the bend), stated that certain matters
which he had brought out and which the
court evidently thought bore on the ques
tion of character was immaterial, saving
that the other side was asleep. This raised
a laugh on all aides. Which side the
laugh was on was indicated by the prompt
rejoinder of ex- Judge Loudefback:
"We had no business or desire to object
to your troinp into her character."
Louderback, continuing the cross-exami
nation, asked:
"Did you ever sign as your name the name
of Siurgis?"
Witness— l have no knowledge of it.
"You have no knowledge whether or not you
have signed the name of Sturgis as your
name?"
An objection to this question was sus
tained.
"What name did you go by in Albany?"
An objection was interposed on the
ground of not being proper cross-examina
tion and that it was assuming defendant
had lived there,
Louderback— Did you ever live in Albany, in
the titatu of New York ?
Witness— l have answered that.
"You haven't answered that."
"I have no knowledge of ever having lived
in Albany."
"Don't'yoa remember attending church at
Albany?"
An objection led to considerable argu-
merit and then the witness replied in the
affirmative.
This caused great commotion through
out the courtroom, in which murmurs of
surprise were distinctly audible. Counsel
then continued :
"How often?"
"I passed through Albany about three years
ago ami attended church there on my way to
visit friends in other parts of New York."
"How many times aid you attend church in
Albany?"
"i answered you once."
"Only once in your life you went to church
in Albany?"
"Only once, three years ago. I have no
knowledge oi going any other time."
"How long did you remain in Albany at that
time?' 1
"I spent the Sabbath there three years ago.
1 was never there at any other time.''
"Where were you in 1878?"
"I can't tel! you, sir."
"Can't you tell in wuat country you were in
in 1878?"
••1 bare no disposition to tell anything but
God's truth."
"What country were you in in 1878?"
"I don't know."
"Were you in Kngland?"
"I can't tell you. sir."
"Were you in Germany?"
"I can't tell you, sir.""
"Wore yon in Africa?"
"1 can't tell you. sir."
"Wore you In Alaska?"
"I can't tell you, sir."
'•Were you in the Sandwich Islands?"
At this stage the witness began to show
decided indications of annoyance, not to
say anger, and replied testily:
"You csn tHke me over the whole globe and
I couldn't tell you."
The court— Wore you in the flesti or in the
spii it ?
Louderback— Were you in tne State of New
York in I^TS ?
"i can't tell you anything about it."
"You were not out of this physical world at
thai time, were you, as the Judge in his ques
tion suggested ?"
Gallagner— Objection on the ground of the
question bring absurd.
Witness— l tell you, sir, I do not know.
"Were you in Lynn ?"'
"1 can't tell."
"Were you in Massachusetts?"
"1 can't tell."
"Were you in jail in Lvnn?"
"I know nothing of where I was in 1878."
"You don't know whether or not you were
in jail or not ?"
The court— Why don't you know? You are
a woman of culture and intelligence and ought
to be able to answer these questions or state
the reason why you cannot answer.
Gallagher— We claim the witness has the
right to say she will not answer.
Louderback (in an aside) — We don't want to
gel the witness into contempt. (To witness)
You don't know, then, whether or not in 1878
you were in jail?
"No, sir."
Witness was then asked where she was
in 1879 and 188U, and answered that she
could not tell. When asked with reference
to 1881 she replied:
"I will tell you, sir. There is a blank in my
life on account of physical and menial in
nrmitk's, and 1 cannot tell you."
And to further questions as to where she
was during the years from 1882 to 1887
inclusive sne returned the answer that she
did not know. Continuing the cross-ex
amination ex-Judge Louderback asked:
"Were you not arrested in 1880 iv Albany
ami ta ken back to Massachusetts?"
Gallagher— Objection on the ground that the
question had been asked once and that the
proteeution was bound by the answers given.
I.ouderback— This woman has given some |
extraordinary testimony, and the evident un
truthfulness gives the Judge a wider latitude.
We claim she is deliberately testifying falsely.
No person outside an insane asylum would be
lieve her testimony. Her memory is remark,
ably go.ju on some things — on her interviews
with Dr. Brown — yet on these matters her
mind is a perfect blank. Some people may
think she is adopting a clever dodge, but we
believe it is an audacious attempt at perjury.
Guilfoyle— Your Honor's rulings, 1 would
like to remark here, are not the same as when
Dr. Brown was under cross-examination.
The court (indignantly) — I don't want to
listen to any more of these insinuations. lam
trying to rule fairly, and you are almost guilty
of contempt of court.
Guilfoyle (apologetically)— l submit this, if
your Honor please —
The court— l don't want to hear you. Objec
tion overruled.
Witness— l know nothing of it, sir. That time
is a blank.
To further questions as to where she was
in 1,887 and 1888, witness replied that she
did not know. To the same question
relative u> 1889 she answered :
"I think I was in Boston."
"Were you not arrested in Albany on Novem
ber 17, 1886?"
"I know nothing, sir."
"During any of these years you say you know
nothing about were you in an insane asy
lum?"
"I don't know, sir."
"You say in 1889 you were in Boston. What
time was that?".
"I can't tell you exactly, sir."
"From that time you "remember where you
were, do you?"
"I had sufficient cause to remember." (Sor
rowfully).
"Then from 1878 to the time you say you
were in Boston you say you don't know where
you were?"
•'lt was a blank in my life."
"Were you not for thirty months at hard
labor in a jail in the County of Essex, in Mas
sachusetts, from February 2", 1887."
"1 have no knowledge of it. '
"Were you not in court, in the County of
Essex, on "or about February 2, 1887, sentenced
for a crime?"
"I know nothing of it, sir."
"Don't you remember making a speech in
court?"
"No, sir."
"Were you ever in jail before you were in
jail on the present charge?"
"I know nothing about what you are talking
about."
"Were you ever convicted of a felony and
sentenced therefor in Essex County, Massa
chusetts?"
"I don't know. I have no knowledge of it."
"In 1883 did you know a person by the name
of Oliver Ditson?"
"I knew him."
"Where did you know him?"
"I am familiar with Boston, and have known
of him for a great many years; when I was a
chad."
"Do you know John C. Haynes?"
"I knew him."
"Charles S. Ditson?"
"No, sir."
"Never met him?"
"Never met him. I aon't know anything
about him."
"Did you ever execute a mortgage to Hayne
or Ditson in connection with some pianos?"
An objection was sustained.
"Were you carrying on a piano business in
Boston or anywhere else?"
"1 have a very indistinct recollection of hav
ing been engaged in the piano business."
'"When wns that?"
"I assisted my husband in the business, I
think, in 1874 or 1875."
•'Was your husband engaged in that business
in 1884?"
"1 do not know. You ran question me till
to-morrow morning and I will tell you only the
God's truth." (Deliberately and impressively.)
"Do you know Mary E. Judkins?"
"I can't tell ygu anythini;."
"What year was it you became blank?"
"I remember when we went to Maine in
1874."
"Then did you become blank in mind?"
"Then I think there was a darkening of my
memory ; there was a breach in my mental and
physical system in 1874, but I can't recall; it
is a blank."
"When did you begin to awaken again?"
"I recall being at my father's house. It
might have been in 1888 or 1889."
"When did your husband die."
An objection was interposed at this
point.
I.ouderback (continuing)— We want to know
how he terminated. Is he alive?
"I don't know."
"When did you see him last?"
"I can't tell you."
"When did you see him first?"
"I saw him first I think in 1885."
"When were you married to your second hus
band?"
"In 1873."
"Did he disappear during this blank?"
"I don't know anything about it."
"Is he living or dead?"
"I don't know."
"Ever hear jrom him? Don't you know
whether he is alive?"
"1 don't know."
"How long did you live together?"
•'I don't know."
"Beiore your memory failed you he was with
you, and since then you have not heard from
him ?"
The court (as if discouraged)— lt is apparent
she won't answer any questions between 1874
and 1888.
"Have you told any person since your arrest
in this City that you were in the prison or
House of Correction"in Massachusettc?"
"There was a reporter who came to me and
said it was alleged—"
The couri — Have you told anybody that?
Witness— A reporter came and sßid it was
alleged, and I said, "I have nothing to say,
sir."
Louderbaek— Before you came to California
did you know a woman by the name of Baddin?
"I had no knowledge of any one by the name
of Baddin. I never met with the same of
Baddin before I came here."
"Did somebody accuse you of obtaining
money falsely to the name of Mrs. Baadin?"
"No, sir."
Counsel for the prosecution then led
witness throuch the story of her various
meetings with Mrs. Baddin and Dr. Brown,
without bringing to light any new develop
ments until the matter of the defendant's
means was touched upon, when the fol
lowing cross-examination ensued:
Louderback— Were you then and are you
now a woman of means?
"I pay my bills."
"In November the only money you had was
the money you earned by the sale of corsets.
You did not have a bankaccount?''
"I did, sir."
Witness then showed that she had cash
and slock valued in the aggregate at about
?2500, ami that up to the 10th of last De
cember she had as a partner a Mrs. Myers.
She further testified that no one was pres
ent at any of her interviews with Mrs.
Baddio, but stated thai she had told her
partner about having engaged Mrs. Baddin
as a canvasser to go into the country.
She also admitted that she never knew the
address of Mrs. Baddin. and could oniy
recollect that Mrs. Baddin nad told her
that she had kept a lodging-house on
Fourth, Fifth or Mission streets, the wit
ness could not remember which. Nor
could she recall having given the name of
Mrs. Baddin to her partner.
Counsel for the prosecution, after some
objection by the opposing side, induced
the witness to recite the story of her wander
ings from the Sunday preceding her arrest
until she became an inmate of the prison.
On Sunday, she said, she was at. the
house of a friend and at Sunday-school at
Dr. Brown's church. She stated that the
frienu's name ac whose house she was that
day was Mrs. Frank French. She re
mained there Monday and Tuesday. Be
fore she accounted for her time on Wednes
day she addressed her inquisitor in the
most impressive manner as follows:
"If my whole life had been gone into not a
man or woman would have dared to show a
mark on my life. Their attempt to do so
would simply have been something horrible.
1 am a married woman with a husband, and
any one with common-sense knows that the
physical condition of a woman varies very
much. I thine that Wednesday morning I
called at a very dear friend of mine on Ellis
street."
Louderback— Who was it?
"Mrs. Root, the mother of Doctor Root, some
where in the GOO block. I wished to rest and
recuperate. She could not accommodate me
and I went to a lodging-house on the opposite
side, which was recommended to me by my
friend, and took a room. I don't know the
name of the lady who kept the lodging-house.
I paid the mom rent myself. I left there Friday
to visit a friend of mine on Broadway. Her
name is Mason. She lives in the 1100 block.
On Saturday I came down to my own home on
Geary street."
Louderbaek— You were away from home and
business from Sunday until" Saturday. Why
were you away and not attending to business?
"Because my business is not one of any im
portance at that time of the year. People
don't wish to buy those things at that time
and I wished to rest and took that time."
"Did you leave any one at your place of busi
ness?"
"Xo, sir. It was locked up during that
period."
"You slept there, too, did you not?"
"Yes, sir; sometimes."
"When you left there were you in tears 7"
"No, sir; 1 am not a crying woman."
"No, sir. No, sir (indignantly)— I am no
dodger. (Laughter in the courtroom.) I went
to Mrs. French's house on her invitation."
"You were going from place to place for the
sake of getting a rest?"
"Ana being with my friends."
Witness explained that she took the
room in a lodging-hause opposite Mrs.
Root's in order to take advantage of the
bath and other sanitary airangements
there.
Louderback (to court)— We ofier this record
of her conviction in Essex together with her
sentence.
Here a long discussion ensued as to
whether the crime of the person men
tioned in the record was a felony or
not. The court finally suggested thatthis
matter be discussed at the nexc session of
the court, as he would like to ask a few
questions himself of the witness. This
was agreed to and his Honor then took up
the cross-examination of the defendant.
The court— Mrs. Davidson, what church do
you belong to?
Witness— l joined the orthodox Congrega
tional church la Bucksport, Me., in 185t>.
Henry K. Craig was pastor.
The court— This church is of the same de
nomination as the church of which Dr. Brown
is pastor. Are you still a member of that
church?
"No, sir. On the recommendation of Pastor
Craig I became a member of Tremont Tempi*
in 1892, a Bapti-t church. '
"Are you &ull v, m.-mber of the Baptist
church?'
"1 ucl;eve I am."
"Did you get a letter from that church to
some otuer church iv this City when you cams
here?"
"No, sir. I never asked for it."
Witness then explained that she at
tended Dr. Brown's church and taught
fcninday-school there because it was more
convenient ior her and the surroundiaga
were more congenial.
His Honor then took up a new course by
asking:
"Why did you sign this paper (displaying
the receipt and contract given by her to Dr.
Broun) as agent for Mrs. Jane Elizabeth Bad
din?"
"Because Dr. Brown told me to do it."
"Then you wrote a thing that was npt true
because Dr. .Brown dictated it, for you claimed
that you acted as his ugont and not as hers?"
"In a certain sense I might have been her
agent."
••What kind of a woman is Mrs. Baddin? De
scribe her."
"She had a sallow complexion, was medium
sized, and on measuring ior her corsets 1 found
her a little longer than the average woman.
She had dark gray eye. 0 , wore a dark skirt,
black sacque, black hat and a black-spotted
lace veil."
"Did she ever come back since she got the
$500?"
"No, sir."
On being asked whether Dr. Brown'i
testimony relative to wanting to see Mrs.
liaddm hiniself was true the witness re*
plied :
There is not a word of truth in it. God pro
tects womea, and he will protect me.
The hearing goes on at 1:30 o'clock this
afternoon.
NO LADY VISITORS.
Rev. Dr. Law Tells How Pastors Can
Protect Themselves From
Schemers.
Rev. Marshall Law of Oakland and pas«
tor of the Church of the Advent has given
public notice that he will not receive lady
visitors at his church study and will not
call on a lady aa her pastor unless by ap
pointment and when her husband or
somebody else is present. This definite
rule, notice of which lias been given from
his pulpit, has caused quite a lot of talk.
"I am very positive on this matter,"
said Dr. Law yesterday, "and after the de
velopments in the Durrant case and the
Brown trial I think I have ample justifica
tion for the stand I have taken. 1 do not
know that it should be so, but there
always seems a sort of unhealthy senti
mentality between the ladies of a church
and the pastor. It may be harmless
enough, but it lays the foundation for
scandal and should not be tolerated.
"Ever since I was ordained I have
preached against such folly, but now I see
the necessity for doing so more than ever.
I cannot see the necessity for what is
called 'parochial visiting,' There is no
need for it to-day, and I am opposed to it.
It is in most cases only an excuse to mak«
a regular gossiping circuit, and in many
cases results in scandal. I do not believe
that a quarter of the charges laid against
ministers by silly or designing women
have a particle of truth in them, but I
blame the ministers for laying themselves
open to the charges by such indiscretion as
paying unnecessary visits and receiving
visits from ladies at his study.
"When old Bishop Worthington or
dained me back East he said: 'Don't let
me hear of you receiving visits from any
ladies in your church study.' The idea
was right, and I have always abided by it.
"I think there Is far too keen a desire on
this coast for the pastor to visit and be
visited. On nearly every church you see
the pastor's residence address and study
hours, and I think this is wrong. Modern
society has little use for the parochial
visit or the study-caller. If a pastor is
visiting he should announce his coming
and invite several people to meet him. A
married pastor is always in danger of
schemes, and an unmarried man cannot,
in my opinion, be fitted for a pastor.
"No ladies need call on me at my study,
for I shall ask them to go to the house,
where Mrs. Law can keep us both com
pany." ______^____
A model establishment, operated by skilled
printers and binders. The Mysell-Rollins Co.,
22 Clay. •
NEW TO-DAY.
TOTAL ABSTINENCE IMPOSSIBLE.
But Here Is Something Just ea
Good.
In spite of all that has been said and
written by advocates of total abstinence it
is indisputable that modern methods of
•work and living make the occasional and
even frequent use of gentle stimulants
highly beneficial if not absolutely neces-
sary to the great majority of men es-
pecially those engaged in business and
.mental pursuits. Lack of exercise and the
excessive consumption of nerve fore* and
vital energy consumed by the brain breeds
sluggishness of the digestive system, which
reacts on the brain.
A corrective stimulant is needed.
The curse of alcoholic and vinous liquor*
is that they over-stimulate and create a
morbid appetite for more. Peruvian Bit«
ters, though composed largely of old Cali-
fornia Brandy, has no such effect. It
permits the healthy, stimulating effect of
the brandy, but completely obliterates its
tendency to create a morbid desire. Peru-
vian Bitters is a palatable but powerful
tonic that impels sluggish functions to
normal action ; expelling cold, fevers, ma-
larial Doisons and other disease germs;
building up the weak and convalescent,
and by promoting a regular and healthy
appetite, perfect digestion, sound sleep,
and steady nerves, tends to produce physi-
cal perfection, good cheer and increase ol
human happiness.
Mace & Co., San Francisco. All dealer*
and druggist!.
ABSOLUTE AUCTION SALE.
ON ACCOUNT OP
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
I WILL OFFER THE
Entire Stock anil Mures
OF
COLONEL A. ANDREWS
AT
The Diamond Palace. 221 Montgomery St.
COMMKN'CIXG-
THIS DAY
May, January 10, 10:30 A. M.
And Continuing Dally until all Is
disposed of. the stock consisting of
The Finest Precious Stones,
Watches, Jewelry,
Silverware, Etc.
Sale absolute without limit or reserve
to close the business.
JOHN H. FRENCH,
. ' , Auctioneer