VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 46.
WILL MAINTAIN
SACRED RIGHTS
President Kruger's Policy
in the Transvaal
Republic.
THE VOLKSRAAD MEETS.
Thanks Extended to Governor
Robinson and the Orange
Free State.
PRISONERS TO BE PROTECTED.
Secretary Chamberlain Gives Assur
ances as to the Treatment of
Americans.
PRETORIA, Booth Afbxca, Jan. 12.—
The Yoiksraad met yesterday and author
ised the addition of 4uO men to the state
artillery. A resolution offered by the
Government was adopted thanking the
< "range Free State for it- ■ . and
also thanking Governor 1: Cape
Colony and Sir Jacobus Dewet, the British
agent here, for their influence and support
in the efforts to r>revent 1 dshed, and for
tne ready and powerful manner in which
Governor Robin.-on had ii.ililled his aiih-
CUlt task.
A. message from President Kruger was
read aniK .ntention to discuss
with t::° Baad i ater and calmer mo
ments the causes which led to the dastardly
plot to im Transvaal. The Gov
ernment was now firm in its resolve to
maintain the sacred rights of the republic,
and to establish the same on a firmer and
more secure foundation-
After a brief sitting the chamber ad
journed. Calm and dispassionate explana
tion being regarded as impossible during
the present ail work was post
poned until the May session.
BLOEMFuNTEIN, Orange Free State,
Jan. 14. — The Vclksraad has adopted a
declaring that the Orange Free
State will assist the Transvaal at all times
if her assistance should be required.
The chamber protested against the con
tinned existence of the British South
Africa Company as being a danger to the
peace of Africa, and recorded its opinion
taat the charier of the company should be
cancelled, and that Rhodesia should be
placed under the British imperial Govern
r Uke uovernnient of Cape Coloi.y. I
It also demanded that guarantees be given
that Rhodesia would not flisturb the
peace.
JLIjT, TO BE PROTECTED,
American* to Receive the Same Attention
as the Jtritith.
LONDON. En.;., Jan. 14.— Lord Salisbury
has sent cablegrams to the Government
Of A>:iai:a and the Government of Tas
mania. expressing thanks for their
t>atrio'.. assurances of sympathy and sup
port.
Mr. Cbamherlain, Secretary of State for
the Colonies, has sent a telegram to Sir
Hercules Robinson, Governor of the Caoe
Colony, in reference to the arrest in Johan
nesburg of members of the Reform Tnion
and others. Mr. Chamberlain expressed
fears that a large number of such arrests
would have the effect to disorganize the
industries carried on in ttie Rand. He
directed Governor Robinson, in addition to
guarding the interests of British subjects
Under arrest, to give equal attention to the
American and Btlcia:; prisoners in ac
cordance with the requests of their
respective Governrm
Mr. Wilts, a colleague of John Hays
tfammond, informed The United Press
this morning that no •alifornians had
been arrested in South Afr.iaoxcept Ham
mond, Charles Butters and Captain Mem,
ftlthcugh Hammond had twenty Califor- |
CHARLES BUTTERS, ONE OF THE CAUFORNIANS HELD IN CUSTODY
TIIE BOEKS.
The San Francisco Call.
nians working for him, J. S. Curtis and
T. If. King, the other Americans arrested,
are from the Eastern part of the United
States.
Wilte, who has just arrived here from
the Transvaal, says that the lives and
property of other Americans in Johannes
burg are in no danger. The Americans
who were arrested, he said, did not belong
to the reform union, and never took part
in politics.
The revolution in Johannesburg, he con
tinued, was an entirely peaceful one, and
i the only motive for it was the protection
of the lives and property of the people of
that city. The "Washington Government,
I he declared, should make a strong protest
'' against the arrest of tne Americans.
» — — —
PIT ISTO COHMISSIOy.
EnglisJi Warships -Are Xotv Heady for
Artion.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 14.— The cruisers
Theseus and Charybdis of the new flying
squadron were put into commission at
Sheerness this morning. The battle-ships
Revenge and Royal Oak, the cruiser Gib
raltar and several torpedo-destroyers were
ito commission at Portsmouth this
morning. Captain Curzon-Hojre was as
i to the command of the Revenue,
the flagship of the squadron. Two thou
sand men will be distributed among the
ships to-day.
Thirteen British war vessels from Salon
ica have arrived at Malta. Their future
ition is not known, but it is not
:ed that they will return to the
Levant.
The cruiser Hermione and six torpedo
yers were pot into commission at
the Davenport dockyard this morning and
will join the flying squadron at Portland
at once.
RAM) MEX JtEM^XDED.
Tiro Reform Comtnittcemen Charged With
Jliyli Treason.
LONDON. Esq., Jan. 14.— The Morning
Post will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Cape Town, dated Monday, saying
that Solomon Joel and Henry Bettelheim,
prominent members of the Rand Reform
Committee, were arrested in Cape Town
on Saturday, and were charged before a
Cape Town magistrate on Monday with
treason and incitement to rebellion in the
TransvaaL After the presentation of
formal evidence the prisoners were re
manded. |
TO RECEIVE I'RISOyERS.
Jameson's Party It ill Be Turned, Over
to the British.
LONDON, Euro., Jan. 14.— Sir Hercule?
Robinson, Governor of Cape Colony, tele
graphs that he has completed arrange
ments to receive from the Transvaal offi
cials Dr. Jameson and the members of
his party, who were captured by the Boers.
The prisoners will be received at the Natal
border.
ISO EXCUSES MJLJiJE.
Germany Ha* Xot Receded in the Trans-
raal Affair*.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. ll.— The North
German Gazette publishes an official denial
of the statements made in the prer>a that
MM in any form have been matia by
Germany for her action in the Transvaal.
The En ptrssr gave an audience to-day to
the son of Baron yon Schumann, the lately
appointed German Consul at Cape Town.
CHARLES BITTERS' CAREER.
One of the Arrested 3len a Graduate of
the T'niversity.
BERKELEY, Cat.., Jan. 14.— Charles
Butters, one of the Americans imprisoned
by the Boers at Johannesburg, South
Africa, is a former resident of Berkeley
and a graduate of the University of Cali
fornia in the class of '70. His wife was a
Miss Hartz of Charleston, B. C, daughter
of the Brazilian Consul to Charleston.
His mother is Mrs. S. L. Butters of Tele
graph avenue, near Dwight way, and Mrs.
]'. R. Boone. wife of President Boone of
the Board of Education, is a sister. His
brother, Harry Butters, returned to Berkt
ley from South Africa a few months ago,
and is at present on a visit to his relatives
here.
Among his classmates at the university
were Judge Slack. Judge Henshaw. Miss
Anna Head of Berkeley and Judge Dain
gerfield. At the present time Mr. Butters
is 38 years of age.
He came to Berkeley when a boy from
Massachusetts, his native State. He
graduated from the course in mining en
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 15, 1896.
CALIFORNIA TO CONGRESS — "SAVE ME FROM THESE WOLVES."
AID IS TO BE SENT
Turkey's Tactics Cannot
Shut Out Relief for
Armenians.
GOOD WORK WILL GO ON.
Funds Must Be Raised at Once
to Save Thousands From
Perishing.
EXISTING AGENCIES TO BE USED.
Objections That Will Not Prevent
Assistance to the Persecuted
Christians.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14. -An offi
cial statement has been issued from the
headquarters of the National Armenian
Relief Committee, stating that the re
ported intention of the Turkish Govern
ment to refuse the American Red Cross
permission to enter Turkey will not cause
the National Armenian Relief Committee
and its branches throughout the country
to relax their efforts for an instant in rais
ing funds to save the 350,000 Armenians
who are perishing from starvation and ex
posure.
In case the Red Cross is excluded, the
national committee has authority to util
ize existing agencies on the ground or or
ganize new ones, so that all contributors
may be assured that their gifts will, as
speedily as possible, reach the sufferera for
whom they are intended.
WHY AID JS REFUSED.
The Turkish Minister's Attitude Toward
the Ked Croat Society.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 14.—Mav
royeni Bej', the Turkish Minister to the
United States, has authorized the publica
tion of the foliowing statement in regard
to the reported intentions of the Red Cross
Society:
"You ask me," said the Turkish Minis
ter, "what I have to say about the state
ment that the Red Cross Society has de
cided not to pay any attention to the
communication until it is officially trans
mitted to it. by the Turkish Government
or the Turkish Minister. My answer is
very simple, and it is the following: The
Ked Cross has never communicated with
ihis legation. It has only communicated
to my knowledge with the press and the
public, its president. Miss Clara Barton,
assisting without protest at public meet
ings where the most gross and unjust
abuse was made of the Turkish Govern
ment, religion and race. As the Red
Cross or any of its representatives never
visited this legation it is clear and logical
that this legation has nothing to com
municate to said society.
"This legation sent its communication
to tne press because it is the public that
the Red Cross took into its confidence, but
naturally I will always be ready and
pleased to give to the Red Cross Society
any explanation it may think proper to
ask for.
"This whole question," added the Minis
ter, "is a question of right. Suppose for
one moment that your own Indians were
to revolt against your legitimate authority ;
suppose that you pat down their rt^olt'
ana suppose tnat in some foreign country
some |foreigners; were to calumniate pub
licly your civilization, your race and your
religion. Not satisfied with that, suppose
that these foreigners, ou the strength of
such false accusation, were to raise uionev
and bring it for distribution through their
own channels, however respectable the
latter may be, to the very people that re
volted against your Government.
"Would that money, raised on hatred
and denunciation, would even a moral aid
from foreigners be welcome to this great
country of yours, however welcome it
might be for obvious reasons to your In
dians? As you see, this whole question is
a very clear one, but I wish you. at the
same time to understand, even to-day,
notwithstanding the contrary assurances
of interested parties, the Turkish. Govern
ment has no animosity whatever against
the Armenians and ir'y ■ .shes to see them
prosper under its legitimate and rightful
authority."
CLARA BARTOX EXPLAIXS.
It I* JM the Red. Cross Society That
Turkey Oppose*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— Miss
Clara Barton, president of the Red Cross
Society, after consideration of the emana
tions from the Turkish Government
through its legation here, said to a re
pom.r tli is evening:
"Yesterday a statement reached head
quarters that the Imperial Government of
Turkey would not permit any distribution
among its subjects in its own territory by
any foreign society or individuals, how
ever respectable the same may be (as for
instance the Red Cross Society) of money
collected abroad. A careful perusal of the
context of the statement will show that
the Turkish Government is not antagon
istic to the Red Cross a3 such, which it
recognizes as a part of its own treaty and
for which in its statement it publicly ex
presses respect, but object? to the distri
bution of foreign relief on entirely differ
ent grounds, neither in its power nor in
ours to control."
ROUT OF ABYSSINIANS.
For the Fifth Time They Made
an Unsuccessful Attack on
Makale.
Deadly Fire of the Italian Garrison
Into the Ranks of the
Besiegers.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 14.— Several papers
here announce that Great Britain has
agreed to cede to Italy the town of Zeila, !
on the Somali coast. The possession of
this town would enable Italy to throw
troops into the southern and central parts
of Abyssinia without their having to make
the long march from Massowah, the capi
tal of the Italian colony of Erythrea.
A dispatch to the Capitale from Masso
wah says the Abyssinians yesterday at
tacked Makale for the fifth time. The
Italian garrison withheld their tire until
the Abyssinians were in close quarters,
and then poured volley after volley into
them with terrible effect. Just about the
time the attack was made 4000 troops
under Colonel Albertone arrived at Makale.
They surprised the Abyssiuians by attack
ing them on the flank and completely
routed them.
A column of 12,000 men under General
Baratieri, tbe commander of the Italian
forces in Erythrea, and another column
400 strong under Colonel Arimonde are
nearing Makaie, and it is expected that
they will retire the siege at that place.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 14.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Rome stating that the Government
has decided to thoroughly subdue the
Abyssinians. Within the month of Jan
uary Italy will have 50,000 troops in
Erythrea.
Mexico n Officials Jiemovedt ..-,—.■• •',
CITY OF MEXICO, Mkxico, Jan. 14.-
Postmaster-General Francisco de P. Goch-.
ico and many other officials were suddenly
removed from office to-day. They are
charged with malfeasance.
Hot Weather in Sydney.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Jan. 14.-The
weatner here to-day was the hottest on
record and there were many deaths from
sunstroke.
FOSTERS GOOD WILL
Interesting Meeting of the
Arbitration League at
London.
FOR FUTUBE DISPUTES.
*An Important Resolution Relat
ing to the Venezuelan
Controversy,
PERMANENT COURT IS URGED.
Denial of the Story That England
Offered Money to Sustain the
Schomburg Line.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 14.— A meeting of
the International Arbitration League was
held here to-day, Sir John Lubboek pre
siding. A resolution was adopted declaring
that the dispute between the United States
and Great Britain was a trumpet call to
English speakers on both sides of the
Atlantic, summoning them to devise
means to secure the arbitration of future
disputes and to procure co-operation in
promoting . friendship and abating
animosity.
It was also suggested to the Government
that the present was a tit occasion for
effecting the resolution of the House of
Commous in favor of arbitration. A com
mittee was nominated, consisting of the
Bishop of Durham, Canon Wilberforce,
Cardinal Vaughan, Dean Farrar, Rev.
Hugh Price Hughes, Lady Henry Somerset,
Mr. Stead and others.
The Daily News, commenting on the
meeting, will to-morrow say:
"The meeting is likely to mark a date in
our history. Doubtless there would be
difficulties in creating a permanent court
of arbitration, one being the scope of refer
ence. It should be universal, but that is a
very large order, yet if not so the first im
i pulse of excited feeling on either side is to
j declare reference based on the particular
I subject of the excitement."
The New 3 congratulates the meeting on
! its endeavor to promote mutual good will,
I which, it says, is of capital importance
j and a condition precedent to all effective
legislation.
In its issue to-morrow the Graphic will
! claim to have authority to deny the report
i that Great Britain has offered money to
j Venezuela in return for the latter's accept
; ance of the Schomburg line as making
the boundary between Venezuela and
British Guiana. The story is denied else
where.
EXCEEDED THEIR RIGHTS.
Facts Relating -to Aggretsion* of JEng-
lislunen in Venezuela.
BURLINGTON, Vt., Jan. 14. — Hon.
Seneca Hazelton, ex-Minister to Vene
zuela, ha? furnished the Free Press a state
ment regarding the boundary of Guiana,
in which he gives certain facts not alto
gether familiar, bearing upon the point of
legitimate jurisdiction over the territory
at the moutn of the Orinoco River, now
occupied by the British. He quotes from
the works ot Robert Montgomery Martin,
published in 1835-38, after about ten years'
travel and research, entitled ths "History
of the British Colonies," in the prepara
tion of which he had. the assistance of
many public officials and numerous other
gentlemen resident in England and the
colonies, possessed of statistical, historical
and geographical information bearing upon
the subject of the work, in which the col
ony of British Guiana is carefully treated.
Its western boundary is locate*! some
where on the coast between the Pome
roon River and the F.arima River. The
colony is iurtner described as extending ,
about 200 rniks along the coast westward
from the Coventyn River, and so, by in
ference, stopping considerably east of the
mouth of the Barima. The parish of
Tiinity, the most westerly of British
Guiana, is described as extending to the
Pomeroon River and ' ; as far as the British
settlements extend."
The author had apparently never heard i
that any one had claimed that British t
Guiana extended to the Amacoio. He de
scribes the colony, it may be added, as
lying to the eastward of the sixtieth
parallel of west longitude, a description
which very distinctly excludes Point
Barima.
In 1836-37 Mr. Martin was given access
to the "Blue Book" and to other official
sources of information, with a view to the
preparation of a work compassing the end
desired by the House of Commons. Tne
author's right to designate his work as
official was unquestioned and unquestion
able. But in the "History of the Col
onies of the British Empire," published in
1836, the boundaries of Western British
Guiana are again stated as in the earlier
work.
When Mr. Martin began his researches
not more than ten years had elapsed since
the cession from Holland to England of
the colonies which constitute British
Guiana, and when the "History of the
Colonies of the British Empire" appeared
but twenty-five years had passed since the
transfer of 1814. The actual extent of
Dutch occupation was to Mr. Martin and
to Sir Robert Kerr Porter a matter of com
paratively easy determination, and the dis
covery of new evidence of an unambigu
ous character is necessary to warrant a
more extensive British claim at this day
than was made in the years 1830 to 184 '.
The British right to the entire territory
embraced within the Schomburgh line is,
to put it mildly, open to serious question.
The occupation in 1555 of Point Barima at
the mouth of the Orinoco was on the face
of it an act of aggression upon the tertitory
of the American republic, and in view of
the traditional ana well-known policy of
this country, the "refusal to submit the
right of such occupation to the judgment
of impartial arbitration cannot be re
garded but as an act of unfriendliness to
the United States. Lord Salisbury did not
in his reply to Secretary Olney refuse in
precise terms to submit any territory
within this Schomburgh line to arbitra
tion, and the way to an impartial deter
mination of existing British, right? seems
yet open.
SO ASStrER AT ALL.
Comment of the. Chronicle on the " Dis
covered" Correspondence.
LONDON, Exc, Jan. 14.— 1n its issue to
morrow the Daily Chronicle referring to
the statement circulated by the Chicago
Associated Press anent the correspondence
in January, 1842, between Lord Aberdeen
and Senor Fortique, the Venezuelan
Minister to Great Britain, will say:
"If this is intended as an answer to the
disclosures made by onr commissioner to
Washington, Henry Norman,. •{# is no
answer at all. Th< reser T ation in regard
to the undefined British rights in Dutch
Guiana represents no kind of contention
in favor of the Schomburg line. Lord
Aberdeen abandoned that Jine and agreed
to remove the posts. He declared they did
not represent any claim to dominion. He
made no reservation regarding it."
The Chronicle's article refers to a letter
communicated to it by the Chicago Asso
ciated Press purporting to give the con
tents of a letter written by Lord Aberdeen
to Senor Fortique, a letter to which the
Chronicle has already alluded in its
articles on the Venezuelan disputes and
which was mentioned several days ago in
the dispatches to the United Press. The
letter in question contains Lord Aber
deen's assurance to Senor Fortique that,
in order to meet the wishes of Venezuela,
the Governor of Guiana would be directed
to remove the posts marking the Schom
burg line near the Orinoco River.
O-YII THJiEE ESCAPED.
Portuguese Troops Slaughtered on the
Malabar Coast.
LISBON, PoRTirr.AL, Jan. 14. — The
Government has received advices from the
Portugues9 territory of Goa, on the Mala
bar coast of India, that a band of in
surgents surprised and slaughtered 100
Portuguese troops a few days ago. The
attack took place while the (roops were
passing through a narrow derile, where tne
rebellious natives were lying in ambush.
The Portuguese force numbered 103 men,
and of these only three escaped.
BRITISH DEFEAT — ENGLISH TKOOPS FLEEING BEFORE THE VICTORIOUS
BOERS AT MAJIBA HILL, FEBRUARY 27, 1861.
[Reproduced frov\ Vie lon<J,on JlluUrated New*]
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
GOMEZ'S FORCES
ARE REPULSED
An Attack Made on the
Town of Bejucal, Near
Havana.
DEFEATED BY REGULARS
During the Retreat the Cubans
Set Fire to Houses and
Destroy a Train.
RELIEF FOR THE PLANTERS.
General Campos Subscribes a Big
Sum and Other Officials Are
Liberal.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 14.— The rebel
force, under command of Maximo Gomez,
'■ attacked the town of Bejucal, fifteen
I miles south of Havana, but were repulsed
by the Government troops.
Before they retired the insurgents set
i fire to several houses on the outskirts of
j the town. They also set lire to the rail-
I way station, but the flames were ex
tinguished.
A passenger train was destroyed. In
i the fighting the troops lost two killed and
ten wounded. The insurgent loss is un
• known.
Owing to the disturbed condition of the
, country through which the railways pass
! and the danger of attack by the in
; surgents no trains are being dispatched in
1 any direction. The authorities here have
j started a popular subscription for the re
: lief of plantation people* whose crops have
i been destroyed by rebels. The sum of
{ $61,000 was raised the first day. Captain-
General Campos subscribed 12000 to the
fund, and other officials also subscribed
liberally.
Thousands of people whose homes have
been destroyed are necking into the cities.
In order to avoid creating alarm among
! the people of Havana, the newspapers have
been notified by the authorities that the 7
! will not be allowed to issue extras.
JS CAMPOS DEMEy-TED?
Rather Startling Story Received by «
Tobacconist.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 14.— Startling in
, formation has been received from a reliable
I source in Havana by a prominent Cuban
j tobacco dealer here, whose interests in the
' island forbid the use of his name. "There
j is a general opinion," says hfs correspon
i dent, "both among insurgents and
Spaniards that General Campos has become
j demented. His actions, not onljr in the
j direction of the campaign, but his private
and ordinary doings are such as to give
good grounds for the belief that he has
I become an imbecile.
"General Gomez has no idea of attack
■ ing Havana, bat his plan is to cut off the
i city's supplies, and by the aid of the sym
pathizers capture the city from within.
There is no doubt that fully half of the
citizens and populace are Cuban patriots
; and sympathizers, and the prisons ara
( crowded with prominent and high officials
under suspicion.
"America needs a warship or two in
: Havana harbor. Americans are thor
| oughly detested by the Spaniards. A
j great deal of American property has been
destroyed, and .if Campos is deposed, aa
he probably will be, and some of his
! bioody lieutenants are appointed to com,
--! nianJ, terrible atrocities will be committed
I upon Americans. The situation is seri-
I ous."
FORCES OF iySLBGESTS.
They Claim to Have a Well- Equipped
Jirnty.
NFW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14.— Her
ald's correspondent in Camaguey, Cuba,
says: Mario G. Menocal, Assistant Secre
tary of War of the insurgents, in an inter2
view recently on the strength of the insur
gents said:
"We can count now in our army in all
the States of Cuba nearly 47,000 men, and
at least 30,000 are fully armed and equipped,
a lar^e number with the latest and most
perfert guns. The total number of men in
our ranks in considerably increased by the
accessory contingent, who lend their as
sistance in a civil capacity as postmen,
farmers on our plantations In the Sierra
Maestra and workmen in the several
Cuban army shops. Besides these there is
a large number who have not as yet left
their homes, though enrolled aa soldiers,
because we cannot supply them with arms.
"Our cavalry is far superior to that of
the Spanish. The horses are the best ia'
Cuba and the men are good riders, having
been used to the saddle since childhood.
They are commanded by veteran cavalry
men of the 'ten years' war,' who know
every good as well as every bad road on
tee island.
"During the present war there have
been no engagements between our cavalry
and that of Spain. This is significant.
Th- y do not care to match their horsemen
against ours, and usually their cavalry is
in the center of a hollow square of in
fantry.
"The infantry branch of the Cuban army
is full}' up to me standard. It comprises
men who are sturdy and untiring. They
are used to hard "labor, and their tramps
through the thickets and the long marches
have no evil effects. In some instances
our infantry has marched forty-five miles
Jn one day. Our infantryman can handle
the machete with the greatest easo and
exterity, and he is much dreaded by the
Spanish soldier, who apparently should
have the advantage with a rifle, sur
mounted by a bayonet nearly the length
of an ordinary cavalry saber. 1 '
SB-FMSS MILITARY J'RISOXERS.
Escorted by I'oluntPers They Were Placed
in Prison.
HAVANA, (Xtba, Jan. 6 (via Tampa,
Fia., Jan. 14).— T0-day seven military
prisoner?, escorted by volunteers, arrived
here and were placed in the City Prison.
Men of tha same detachment of volunteers
had a brush with the rebels on the 31st
ult. and killed two of them. They met
on the Capitalio sugar estate.
Yesterday a detachment of the Estra
madura Regiment, accompanied by a de
tachment of guerillas, met a body of
rebels, said to be under the command of
Fuste. At the first volley the rebels fled,
abandoning horses, arms and supplies. It
is said that a number of the rebels were
wounded.
Trains of empty cars are being brought
into this city to prevent their destruction
by the rebels.
HASGED BY IXSVRGEyiS.
fate of 2uo Jlrn It ho Refused to Give
Ip Horses.
PAN JOSE DE LAS LAJAS, Cuba. Jan.
4 (via Tampa. Fla., Jan. 14).— A party of
rebels to-day that had encamped in this
vicinity moved on to Mclena.
Rumors were current here to-day that
two men had been hanged by the rebels on
the carmen estate. The facts as related
are as follows:
Three men were taking seventy horses
to a pasture on the Somorsostro estate,
when the rebels surrounded tnem and
wished to select several horses. When re
sistance was offered they hanged two of
the drivers. The third escaped. They
were colored men.
Many fires are seen at nicht. It is re
ported here that the town of Melena has
been sacked and that all the cane of the
San Jose estate has been burned.
Rebels entered the store of Don Joaquin
Ferrier and took all the trousers in the
place.
WILL MAINTAIN
SACRED RIGHTS,
{Continued from First Page.]
gineering at the university, but practically
covered the entire field of chemistry
and mechanics in his four years at col
lege. As soon as he completed his educa
tion he was off to the mines. He was first
engaged at the New Almaden quicksilver
mine in Santa Clara County. Subse
quently he went to Colorado, where he had
been sent by a New York syndicate. Later
he went to Cuba, and after remaining
there for a a short period, went to Central
America.
During this period of travel from place
to place he perfected a process of extract
ing the precious metals from ore by means
of chemicals. This system, which is en
tirely his own, is called the cyanide
process.
Keturninc from Central America seven
years ago he located works of his own at a
mine in Shasta County. His interests there,
together witn the i 2,000 acre tract on
which the mine is located, are valued at
about $40,000.
About.four years ago'overtures were made
to him to go to South Africa to push
the mining interests cf English capitalists
under contract for a year. He was so suc
cessful in his work there that he has been
taking contracts in various parts of the
South African territory for the last two or
three years on his own terms. He is now
interested in the Rand Ore Reduction
Company, and has met with such good
fortune that he has accumulated upward
of half a million dollars.
He was about to leave for America by
the way of England and Germany, where
he was to give some lectures on mining,
when thrown into prison by the Boers.
His relatives here have some apprehen
sion lest the Boera will confiscate his en
tire property, or at least exact a large ran
som for his release.
His brother-in-law, P. R. Boonp, stated
to-day: "We have but little fear but that
he will be released from his captivity with
out bodily harm, but we are afraid that he
will lose at least a large portion of his vast
estate there. We have rabled him but as
yet have received no reply. We ought to
hear something from him by to-morrow at
any rate."
j air it is oxeh a si* it v its ei>.
Minera Perith liuring a Fire in a Coal
lit.
BERLIN, Germa.vy, Jan. 14.— A fire oc
curred to-day iv a coal pit at Ostrau, Silesia.
A number of the miners were imprisoned
and were either suffocated or burned to
death. Fifteen bodies have already been
recovered. It is feared that others are still
in the pit.
One Dispute Settled.
LONDON, ESQ., Jan. 14.— The West
minster Gazette says that the Anglo-
French dispute in regard to Siam and the
banks of the Mekong River has been
amicably settled, and other steps toward a
complete agreement of the powers will
follow.
A Liberal Gain. '~
GODERICH. Ontakio, Jan. 14.— The bye
election in West Huron to-day for mem
bers of the House of Comntons resulted in
the return of M. C. Cameron (Liberal).
This is a Liberal gaiu.
FOR THE CONVENTION.
Claims of Cities After the
National Democratic
Assemblage.
NEW YORK IS OPPOSED.
Western Men Say They Desire
to Be Free From Wall-
Street Influence.
FIGHT OF FEEE SILVERITES.
Representatives of the Metropolis,
However, Are Confident of
Capturing the Prize.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.-The
delegations from the different cities bent
on capturing the National Democratic
Convention are nearly all in Washington
and the fight for the big event is on in
earnest. The situation thirty-six hours
before the National Committee meets is
environed with uncertainties, although
the contest has narrowed down to St.
Louis, Chicago and New YGrk, with the
question of free silver as a potent factor in
the right.
The Western men— those^from the trans-
Mississippi country especially — are bit
terly opposed to New York and some of
the number assert that they would not
dare return home should they vote to
locate the convention on Manhattan
Island.
If any single circumstance developed
to-day it was the hostility shown by some
of the representatives of the competing
cities against New York, and in marked
distinction was the absence of hostility
among the New Yorkers against the other
cities with whom they are brought into
rivalry.
W. H. Woodward, one of the St. Louis
delegates, speaking strictly in his indi
vidual capacity, says the principal ob
jection to New York is Wall street. "Any
thing but Wall street with gold-bug inilu
ences," is the slogan of the extreme free
silver «nen. It is possible, however, if
this policy continues to be pursued by the
free silverites, it may force the sound
money men to combine against them, in
which event those who are familiar with
the financial affiliations of the National
Committee say that the latter, being in the
majority, will win.
To the assaults upon Wall street the
New Yorkers turn a smiling front. They
are not here, they say, to disparage the
merits of their rivals or to promote a
schism in the Democratic ranks on the
money question or any other question.
They have, they declare, the best conven
tion city in America.
It lias more hotels, a better summer
climate and a larger ball in which to hoid
the convention than can be found in any
other community. New York is so large,
they say, that it can afford to treat the
convention with the utmost fairness. If
it be located in New York there will be no
uncertain howling claque in the galleries
in the interest of any one candidate.
The town, they say, is too bit; for that
and the press too great to comport itself
other than with strict impartiality. John
A. Mason, one of the advance guard of the
New Yorkers, says to-night that New
York now has fifteen votes, and that it is
unlikely that when the balloting begins
she may lead off with twenty. He frankly
adds that these assurances have not been
in all cases by members of the committee,
but by others who assume to speak for
them.
"William C. "Whitney did not arrive this
evening and circumstances may prevent
him reaching Washington before tha com
mittee meets. It is said to-night that his
daughter will sail for Europe to-morrow
and he cannot for that reason put in an
appearance before Wednesday evening.
Ex-tjovernor Sheehan, New York, a
member of tiie National Committee, is also
detained, and telegraphs that he hopes to
serure the postponement of a law suit in
Brooklyn in which he is interested and
which would permit him to arrive to
morrow night.
A few additions were made to the rank 3
of the New Yorkers to-night by the pres
ence of John D. Crimmins, F. B. Thurber,
J. W. O'Brien, Simeon Ford, John F.
Dillon, E. T. Merryrield and ex-Mayor
Gilroy. Crimmins brought a message
from Mr. Whitney, in which he regretted
his detention in New York, adding that in
his judgment the convention ought to be
located there and that he hoped the com
mittee would reach that conclusion.
To-morrow the delegation of which ex-
Congressman Isidor Strauss is chairman
will reach the city.
If the New Yorkers were busy to-day
their example was fully imitated by their
St. Louis rivals. The St. Louisansheld a
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon at
which reports were received from tne
various "skirmishers." These reports
were uniformly gratifying, particularly in
that they were to some extent unexpected.
When the meeting adjourned the Mis
sourians announced that twelve votes were
pledged to them with others in sight.
Tne Chicago delegation, which was ex
pected to-day, will not arrive until to
morrow. Its delay gave rise to the report
that it KO.S out of the race, but Chicago's
friends assert that the Lake City will be
very much in evidence when the balloting
begins, and the St. Louisans believe their
real opponent will be the Illinois metropo
lis and not New York City.
Louisville, it is said, has also a delega
tion en route, which will reach here
Wednesday. The Cincinnati contingent
will also arrive to-morrow.
The sub-committee of the National Com
mittee, consisting of Harrity of Pennsyl
vania, Gorman of Maryland, Cable of Illi
nois, Smalley of Vermont and Wall of
Wisconsin, met to-night to consider the
resolution introduced at the last National
Convention by Cojlins of Massachusetts to
hold the convention with closed doors.
It was acknowledged that such a course
was impracticable. Some of the best
posted politicians at the Arlington ex
pressed the belief to-night that the fight
will narrow down to New York and St.
Louis, but this, afte all, is mere guess
work, in which the wish is largely father
to the thought.
THE TIIXAI. OF CHAPMAN.
Hlotiona to Dismlaa the Late Were
Promptly Denied.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.-In the
trial of Elverton R. Chapman, the New
York broker, for refusing to testify before
a Senate investigating committee, the pros
ecution was to-day compelled to close its
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
case by reason of its inability to serve
subpenas upon Theodore Havemeyer,
president, and other officers of the Ameri
can Sugar Refining Company, whose tes
timony was essential to its maintenance.
The defense then opened and motions to
dismiss. the case for want of evidence were
overruled.
Attorney Jere Wilson then proceeded
•with bis address and had not concluded
when the hour for adjournment arrived.
COXJFIItMED BY TJUE SE3TATE.
Important Appointments to Various
federal Offices.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— The
Senate in executive session to-day con
firmed the following nominations:
Herman Kretz to be superintendent, and
William E. Morgan to be coiner of the
mint at Philadelphia.
Edward A. Bowers of Connecticut to be
associate Comptroller of the Treasury.
Joseph H. Herod of Indiana to be Sec
retary, and Stephen Bensal of Maryland
to be second Secretary of the legation to
Japan.
J. W. Comman, receiver of public moneys
at Alva, 0. T.
R. J. Kay, Register of the Land Office at
Woodward, O. T.
Stanton G. Fisher. Indian agent at the
Nez Perce agency, Idaho.
Lieutenant - Colonel Amos Stickner,
Major W. Huer and Major T. H. Hand
bury, engineers, to be members of the Mis
souri River Commission.
Major T. Hanburn to be member of the
Mississippi Kiver Commission.
Frank C. Armstrong of the District, of
Columbia, T. B. Cabannis of Georgia and
A. B. Montgomery of Kentucky, Commis
sioners to negotiate with the five civilized
tribes.
Also promotions in the navy, headed by
Commander Nicoll Ludlow to be captain.
The Second Cabinet Dinner.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.-Secre
tary ana Mrs. Carlisle to-night gave the
second dinner of the series of Cabinet din
ners to the President and Mrs. Cleveland.
There were present besides those named
Vice-President Stevenson, Secretary and
Mrs. Olr.ey, Secretary and Mrs. Latnont,
Attorney-General and Mrs. Harmon, Post
master-General and Mrs. Wilson, Secre
tary aim Miss Herbert, Secretary Smith.
Secretary and Miss Morton, Sir Julian and
Lady Pauncefote and Mra. Stanley Mat
thews.
Senate finance Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14. -There
was no meeting of the Senate Committee
on Finance this morning on account of the
absence of Allison and Aldrich and the in
ability of the Republicans to see their way
clear to report the tariff bill without
amendment, in accordance with the in
structions of the recent caucus.
Mineral Lands and Schools.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14. - The
House Committee on Public Lands to-day
ordered a favorable report on the bill intro
duced by Wilson of Idaho granting States
25 per cent of all money paid the United
States for mineral lands within their re
spective borders for the support of schools
of mines.
I'loxo of the Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan 14.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day amounted to $54,312,271. The
amuunt of withdrawals at New York to
day were .$1.184,000— 51,100,000 in cold bars
and $84,000 in coin.
Arrest of a Mail-Robber.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.-Chief
Postoffice Inspector Wheeler to-day re
ceived advices. of the arrest at. Helena,
Mont., of James Tate. who on October 2S
last attempted highway mail robbery near
Nampa, Idaho.
THE DEFENDER SUSTAINED
Report of the Regatta Committee
of the New York Yacht
Club.
No Allusion to the Charge of Fraud
Made by Lord Dun
raven.
NEW YORK, N. Y T -., Jan. 14.— The re
gatta committee of the New York Yacht
Club issued its report to the club to-day.
While the report enters fully In all matters
concerning the international races, it has
nothing to say on the subject oi the Dun
raven charges of fraud aeainst the De
fender syndicate and con tines itself to the
races and the resuits. In speaking of the
international races the report gives the
outline of the conditions, courses and sig
nals, and tells of the care taken by the
committee to have the courses properly
laid out.
It discusses at length the subject of
"crowding," which was the cause of the
first protest on the part of Lord Dunraven,
and says:
"On September 7 the wind at Sandy
Hook lightship was northeast at the time
fixed for making the preparatory signal,
and therefore according to agreement the
start was shifted down the coast. The ac
companying vessels were mixed up by this
shift, and in consequence they took up a
position which somewhat cramped the
starting line and compelled both yachts
for a short period after the start to work
through a portion of the fleet.
"It is our opinion that with this excep
tion there was no more interference
through the match than there was in
1893 — if there was as much."
The report also discusses the foul which
occurred on September 10 and gives in
full the claims of both yachts and the de
cision of the committee to whom these
claims were referred in favor of the De
fender.
In its decision the committee quotes
section 11, rule IG, which reads:
"A yacht shall not bear away out of her
course so as to hinder another in passing
to leeward,' 1 and as will be seen on page 21,
it was on this section that the committee
based their decision.
At the same time the Valkyrie, on her
own showing, was steering "well clear of
the committee boat," and even after her
luff she had room to spare. In addition
she was to windward and according to her
statement ''neither vessel had sheets in."
And for these reasons she was also in
violation of section 4, rule 1(5, which
reads :
"When both yachts are free or both have
the wind aft and have the wind on the
same side, the yacht to the windward shall
keep clear."
The Valkyrie cited against the Defender
the following sections under rule 10", sec
tion 7: "An overtaking yacht shall in
every case, so long as an overlap exists,
keep clear of the yacht which is
being overtakeu"; section 10, "a yacht
may luff as she pleases in order
to prevent another from passing her to
windward, provided she begins to luff be
fore an overlap has been established," and
sections 14 and 16, which treat of room in
"passing marks" or obstructions.
"But in our opinion," says the report,
"tiie Valkyrie's infringement of section 11
nullified sections 7 and 10, and the fact
that even alter luffing she passed well
clear of the committee boat throws out the
others." j
RIGHTS OF VETERANS
A Passionate Argument of
Pension Matters in
the House.
SUPPLICATION NOT JUST.
Defenders of the Nation Met in
an Unfriendly Spirit at
the Bureau.
EMPLOY ARBITRARY METHODS.
An Amendment to Prevent the Drop
ping or Decrease of Pensions Except
Upon Proof of Fraud.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.-Chap
lain Couden made the suffering aud perse
cuted Armenians the burden of his prayer
at the opening of the proceedings in the
House to-day.
The House proceeded at once in commit
tee of the whole, Perkins (K.) of Illinois
in the chair, to further consider the gen
eral pension appropriation bill. Northway
(R.) of Ohio w;s the lirst speaker, answer
ing the criticisms made by Bartlett (D. ) of
New York yesterday. Northway said
there was in the administration of the
Pension Bureau a narrow, contracted, un
friendly and unjust spirit, compelling the
pensioner to approach the bureau in a
cringing, supplicating, attitude. The
spirit of the bureau compelled the soldier
to assume a burden which ought not to be
put on him and which misrepresents the
sentiments of the country to its old de
fenders.^ In support of this general state
ment Northway instanced rulings, es
pecially upon the phrase "total disabil
ity," by the Pension Bureau, which he
said should bring a tingle of shame to the
cheek oi every man in the Nation permit
ting such a policy to be pursued. [Ap
plause.]
Hemenway (R.) of Indiana spoke in
favor of the amendment proposed by Graff
(R.) of Illinois, which forbids the dropping
or decrease of any pension except upon
proof of fraud on the part of the pensioner
in a competent court.
Gibson (R.) of Tennessee said that the
Pension Office was a great court— the
greatest that the world had ever known;
yet there was not a syllable of law pre
scribing the course of procedure before it.
The result was that it was an arbitrary
court, a court that was tyrannical and
unjust.
Walker (R.) of Virginia, who com
manded the famous "Stonewall" Brigade,
said be rose as a representative of the
South and as a Confederate soldier who
followed the fortunes of his comrades from
Manassas to Appomattox to say that the
gentleman from Indiana (Hemenway) to
tally misapprehended the sentiment of his
people and the Confederate soldiers.
There was none of them, he said, with
possibly very few exceptions, who did not
sanction and approvVthe payment of pen
sions to Federal soldiers which would keep
them from suffering or distress. [Ap
plause.]
Kirkpatrick (11.) of Kansas spoke of
what he called the extraordinary regula
tions adopted by the .Pension Office.
Pooie (R.) of New York made a partial
defense of the bureau, and then Cumimngs
(D.)of New York made the closing speech
of the day, which was the sensation of the
session. He said:
"I shall heartily support the amend
ment offered by the gentleman from Illi
nois (Graff). [Applause.] I shall raise
no objection to it or call a point of order
upon it. It is time that something radical
shall be done with the Pension Office.
There is not a soldier's widow, there is
not a veteran soldier to-day drawing a
pension who is not standing daily and
hourly under the apprehension that some
thing cowardly may strike him from the
pension rolls. After years of patient wait
ing, after examining board upon examin
ing board has sat upon his case and he
has received a pension, suddenly with
out warning it is withdrawn from
him; no charge is made against him
and no opportunity offered him
to repel any charge, if made, and as the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois
strikes at the root of the trouble I will
take that if I cannot get anything to
ascertain why it is that the Union vet
erans are stabbed from the back from the
very quarter in which they should receive
encomiums, encouragement and justice.
[Prolonged applause.]
"Now I make no charges against the
pension department, but I do say this:
that repeatedly instances have come to
my attention where boards of examiners
have steadily declared that the soldier was
entitled to a pension, and yet it has been
rej-cted in the office herein Washington."
Stewart (R.) of New Jersey said: "Is it
not true that for the last two and a half
years the Pension Bureau has been em
phatically hostile to the pension claims of
old soldiers?"
Cummincs said: "I cannot say that, but
it has been emphatically unjust to them.
[Applause.] No, sir, the speech I heard
from ray colleague (Bartlett) on this floor
is not calculated to remove the apprehen
sion from the minds of the soldiers and
their widows. Cold sophistry may be good,
but you had better apply it to the Pacific
railroads tnan to the pensioners. [Loud
applause.] I repudiate that speech on be
half of the constituents whom I represent,
Republicans as well as Democrats; I repu
diate the speech on behalf of the veterans
of New York: I repudiate the speech on
behalf of the Grand Army posts and the
widows who are drawing pensions in the
city of New YorjK; I repudiate the speech
on behalf of the Democracy of New York
City— on behalf of tho Tammany Hall
Democracy of New York. [Laughter and
applause.] Sir, I have not forgotten and
you will hot forget, whichever side of the
House you stand on, that Tammany Hall
organized, equipped and sent to the front
one of the tinest regiments that ever ap
peared in the Army of the Potomac. Their
bravery and their gallantry at Ball's Bluff
and Gettysburg challenged the admiration
of the world.
"I repudiate on behalf of the Tammany
Society, who equipped and sent that regi
ment to the Iront, the speech that was
uttered on this floor yesterday by a man
claiming to represent that Democracy.
[Applause.] Tammany Hall has always
been loyal to the Union. Tammany Hall
has always been loyal to the veterans of
the war. I challenge any man to point
out one flaw."
W. A. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania
asked: "Can you not go a little further
and repudiate the speech of the gentle
man who said that every neighborhood
was honeycombed with pension frauds
throughout this country?"
Cummingß replied: "If I were Com
missioner of Pensions I might be able to
do so, knowingly. [Applause. J
'•Now, Mr. Chairman, I speak on behalf
of every veteran, on behalf of every widow,
on behalf of every orphan who draws a
pension in the United States. They are
all included in this work at the Pension
Office up here. One fraud ought not to
punish forty innocent people, and I be
lieve that the ratio would reach one to a
thousand. I believe for every fraudulent
pensioner who has been stricken from the
list or suspended at least a thousand who
were receiving only their just dues from
the Government have been punished.
"I shall vote for the proposition of the
gentleman from Iliinois with pleasure, and
if it fails it will have one good effect — it
will call the attention of the Commissioner
of Pensions to the fact that the people of
the country are watching him and that in
process of time we shall have a tribunal
either there or somewhere else that will
do justice 10 the men who fought in the
Union army in the great rebellion." [Ap
plause.]
The committee rose at the conclusion of
Cumniings' sDeech and Curtis (R.) of New
York presented the military academy
appropriation bill, which was placed on
the calendar, Speaker Reed announcing
the following members on the joint com
mittee on the inauguration of the Chicka
mauga and Chattanooga National Park,
the report of which has not yet been made
io Congress: Grosvenor, Kiefer, Strong,
A very, Bowers, Republicans; Wheeler,
Cox of Tennessee, Maddox and Crisp,
Democrats.
By the admission of Utah as a State and
the consequent retirement of Delegate
Cannon, a reassignment of delegates to
committee service was made necessary,
and the Speaker announced the assign
ment of Delegate Murphy (R.) of Arizona
to the Committee on Claims, Mines and
Mining and Coinaee, Weights and Meas
ures, and of Delegate Flynn (R.) of Okla
homa to the Committee on Agriculture.
At 4:15 o'clock, on motion of Watson,
the House adjourned.
DEBTS OF PACIFIC ROADS
Representative Shraffroth of Col
orado Has a Bill for Their
Settlement.
It Provides for a Foreclosure on Both
the Union and Central Pa
cific Lines.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.—Repre
sentative Shaffroth of Colorado to-day in
troduced a bill for the settlement of the
Pacific roads' debts. It provides for fore
closure on both the Union and Central Pa
cific and the formation of a Government
railway company, to be managed by a
board of directors.
The company is to deliver to the United
States fifty-year 6 per cent bonds to the
amount of the total indebtedness- of the
roads to the Government, secured by a
first mortgage on all the property (subject
only to the bonds secured by the first
mortgage) in event the United States nas
not purchased or paid the same.
Stock of the new~company is to be sold
at public auction and the amount realized
applied to the indebtedness to the Govern
ment and when the latter is fully paid the
stockholders are to organize a new corpor
ation. The Government Railway Company
is then to convey the roads and properties
to it upon surrender and cancellation of
the stock of the old company.
The Senate Committee on Pacific Rail
roads will begin consideration of the prob
lem next Monday. Hearings will be al
lowed before the committee. Among those
who will appear will be members of the
Union Pacific reorganization committee.
A bill introduced by Terry of Arkansas
to-day will be read with especial interest
by Californlans who have had experience
with the Southern Pacific of KentucKy.
The bill provides that hereafter railroad
corporations or companies organized un
der United States laws shall, for purposes
of jurisdiction, be deemed citizens of the
respective States into which their line of
railway may extend.
COAST DEFENSES NEEDED
General Flagler Outlines the
Requirements of the
Nation.
Over Eighteen Million Dollars Desired
to Carry On the Improvements
Contemplated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— At the
meeting of the Senate Committee on Coast
Defenses to-day General Flakier, chief of
ordnance, U. S. A., submitted estimates of
the amount required in addition to the ap
propriation made for the present fiscal
year for the running of the Watervliet gun
factory, also as to the authority required
to make contracts for material during the
present fiscal year.
His estimate for the next fiscal year,
made July last, for his department was
$5,327,578. His present estimate for prose
cuting the work for the next fiscal year in
all the branches of his department, to the
full capacity of existing facilities and pro
viding for working the shops sixteen hours
per day, is $18,589,877. This includes the
amounts named in his July estimate.
General Flagler gave the committee in
formation as to the progress of the devel
opment of the various inventions and im
provements relating to artillery ana coast
defenses made during the past t_Wenty-five
years. He stated that the advance in im
provement of this character since 1870 has
been as great as had taken ctace in the
fifty-live years previous to that time. To
meet present requirements all the guns
and mortars must be of new and modern
character. He strongly impressed on the
committee the necessity for providing for
the manufacture of sixteen-inch guns,
which is now fully apparent, although up
to the present time no appropriation has
been made for their production.
I'enitiont for California n*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14. — The
following California pensions have been
issued: John Caff rev, San Francisco;
Charles 8. Wilson, Soldiers' Home; Wilber
Hesser, Covina.
Death of Mayor Tyler.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 14. — Mayor
Henry S. Tyler died this morning of a
complication of diseases. His death puts
the entire city government in control of a
Republican- A. P. A. combination, which
holds all the seats in the General Council,
thiß body electing the Mayor's successor.
BONDS AND COINAGE
Two Important Subjects
Considered in the
Senate.
RESOLUTIONS OF MILLS.
Plans for Keeping Legal Tender
in Circulation and for Coin
ing Bullion.
AN AMENDMENT FROM BUTLER.
Pledged the Votes of the Six Populists
to the Party That Will Stop
Bond Issues.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— After
considerable discussion in the Senate to
day about granting a pension of $75 a
month to the widow of Brigadier-General
Cogswell of Massachusetts (volunteer
army), the bill was passed.
During the debate Thurston (R.) of Ne
braska made his maiden speech in the Sen
ate in favor of the measure, which Allen
(Pop.) of Nebraska had opposed on the
ground that higher pensions should not be
given to tl)O widows of officers than to
those of private soldiers. Allen moved an
amendment reducing the pension from
$75 to $50 a month. It was rejected — ayes
23, noes 36.
Mills (D.) of Texas offered resolutions
declaring that the outstanding legal tender
notes shall not be retired, canceled or
funded into interest-bearing bonds, but
shall be kept in circulation; that the
whole of the silver bullion now in the treas
ury shall be coined as rapidly as possible—
the coins for the seigniorage to be paid out
In current expenses and the rest in the re
demption 01 treasury notes issued for its
purchase; that whenever there is a deficit
in the treasury legal-tender notes shall be
issued to meet current expenditures and
shall be destroyed when returned to the
treasurer; that ail laws authoriz
ing the sale of interest - bearing
bonds shall be repealed; that it is the es
tablished policy of the United States not
only to keep all kinds of money issued un
der its authority at par, but to require all
creditors, public or private, to receive
gold and silver com3 in payment of all
obligations where the terms of the con
tract stipulate for coin payment, and that
it is tke duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay United States notes in
both gold and silver coin. He asked that
the resolution lie on the table aud gave
notice that he would address the Senate
on it to-morrow.
A bill granting to the Atchison and
Nebraska Railroad Company and to the
Chicago, Burlinpton and Quincy Railroad
Company the right of way over part of
the Sac and Fox Indian reservation was
reported and passed.
At 2 p. m. the House bond bill, with the
Finance Committee silver substitute, was
tauen up.
Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina offered
an amendment to the bill prohibiting the
issue of bonds for any purpose whatever
without further action of Congress, and
requiring the payment of greenbacks,
treasury notes ana the interest and princi
pal of coin obligations in either gold coin
or silver coin, and he addressed the Sen
ate on the amendment. It would not do,
he said, for either the Republican or
Democratic side of the chamber to evade
responsibility by saying that it had no
majority.
"I pledge," he said "six People's party
votes in this, chamber on either party
that will stop the further issue of bonds;
and six votes will give a majority to either
side. In fact either party can have a
majority in this body when it desire 3 to
pass any law in the interest of the Ameri
can people."
Butler occupied two hours in the deliv
ery of his speech and the floor was then
taken by Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas who will
address the Senate on the bond bill to
morrow.
Tne Senate, then, at 4 :25 p. m., proceeded
to executive business and shortly after
ward adjourned until to-morrow.
SPECIFIC ATIOXS FOR BOS US.
Xo Change Will He Made in Secretary
Carlisle's Cir&ular.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.-No
change or modification in the circular
issued by Secretary Carlisle inviting bids
for $100,000,000 4 per cent thirty-year bonds
on a 3 per cent basis is contemplated at
the Treasury Department. Already under
this circular bids have been received for
the bonds, which bids, it is held, would be
vitiated by any change now made which
would work a hardship upon those already
havinc bid. Under the circular bidders
have forty days within which to complete
payment for bonds accepted by the Secre
tary of the Treasury, and should there be,
as is feared in some quarters, a congestion
in the money market because of the large
amount withdrawn from banks and other
depositories with which to pay for the
bonds, it is understood here that the
Secretary of the Treasury will use his dis
cretion according to circumstances in ex
acting payment within the time specified
in the circular. It is not the desire of the
administration to bring about a congestion
in the money market.
Considerable interchange of views on
this point in a quiet kind of a way has
been going on for the past few days be
tween treasury officials charged with the
responsibility of perfecting the details of
NEW TO-DAT.
Apollinans
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
NOW SUPPLIED
IN "SPLITS."
Ask for "Splits" at tLe
Restaurants and Bars.
JOHN CAFFREY,
47 First street, San Francisco.
REPRESENTING
Charles Graef & Co., B, V., for Mineral Water.
the bond payments. It is readily recog
nized that there are two view points of tha
situation, viz.: that of the treasury and
that of the bidders from whom the gold is
to be received. The object of the treasury
is to do the best they can for the Govern
ment, and the object of the bankers and
bidders is to get the bonds on the best
terms for themselves. It is recognized
th«t most of the gold received for the
bonds must come out of the banks of the
country and principally out of New York.
The effect of this would be to reduce the
gold holdings of the banks and necessitate
the substitution of some other form of
coin or paper currency for the reserves
thus withdrawn.
This would naturally produce a conges
tion in the money market and the Secre
tary of the Treasury knowing this, will, as
stated, use his discretion in the premises,
alike for the benefit of the treasury and
the banking community at large.
The substance of these assurances has
been communicated in various letters
written within the last week at the Treas
ury Department to bankers and others
throughout the country. While no prom
ise is given that the payments for the
bonds will not be required to be made with
in forty days, the Secretary has stated
that he, being the judge of the circum
stances, will exercise his discretion in the
matter to prevent as far as he can any ia»
jurious contraction of the currency.
HELD UP THE PASSENGERS.
Robbers Raided a Missouri Pacific Depot
for the Third Time Within
a Year.
FALLS CITY, Nebk., Jan. 14.-For th«
thn-d time within a year the Missouri
Pacific depot here has been held up. Early
this morning while three passengers were
in the waiting-room two masked men en«
tered and ordered them to hold up theis
hands. They complied and their watchesL
jewelry and a small amount of money
were appropriated.
Agent Hunt, who was in his cage, re»
fused them admittance, whereupon they
smashed the ticket-window with a coupling
pin and fired upon him four times withoutj
effect. Hunt escaped through a baclj
window and gave the alarm, but when thq
officers arrived the highwaymen had fled.
The terrorized waiting passengers made
no attempt to follow them.
Ordered the Schools Closed.
PERRY. 0. T., Jan. 14.— The City Super,
intendent of Public Schools, as a last resort
to prevent mixed schools in Perry, ordered
every school closed this morning until some
compromise could be made so that ail par
ties could be satisfied. Officers seated sev
eral colored children m the high school
this morning under protest from teachers
and superintendent.
Joint Traffic Association
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14.— The board
of control of the Joint Traffic Association,
which was to have met to-day, will not go
into conference until Thursday.
' HEW TO-PAT. \^.
••Hey! Keep one for me!"
»- ____^_____
He's hustling to get one of those eleganl
Parisian Writing Portfolios that were given
away with every purchase of $10 and up.
These Portfolios alone are worth $2.
Big reductions in the famous Brokaw Bros.' and
Rogers, Peet «fc Ca's clothing. Broken sizes re*
duced from $8 to $7 50 a suit. We haven't many
of them, though, so be quick. It's a very, VEKY
rare chance.
Some unusual values In men's all-wool suits 1
blues and blacks at 97 60 and $10— not th« cheaa
John tailor-made-to-his-own-order kind. '^
Prices down in every department.
Folks say our mail order department Is "Great."
Fired!
We're fired with an ambition
to outdo all former efforts, and
for two weeks we're going to
make prices on . shoes in every
department that will show we
mean business. Come and see.
$5 shoes for $2 ! $4 shoes for
$1.751 $3 shoes for $1.50!
Startling? You bet!
SULLIVAN'S
18-20-22 FOURTH ST.
E^" Send for Our New 1896 Catalogue.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
EA . KSr Y * T ' Established
M^irHJM 1854 for the treatment Privat*
MI Mi 'Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
*&?: "W^Wb disease wearing on hfiri»anrtr>-.it.^*-."j
SSSIS skln Diioaacs The doctor cures When
aHothe l8 fail. Try him. Ch»rS?«"Sw
BRUSHES? s^s*^
Dliy l# B I k** houses, billiard • tablet
brewirs. bookbinder*, csndy.naakers, canniri
dyers, flourmtlls, foundries, laundries. MS
hangers, printers, palnt«rs. shoe factories, SUM*,
■ten, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc •»•«••
„ * i- r BUCHANAN BROS.,
Snub Manuf ac t v vefi , 609 Sacxam«nto3t*UNDER ONE CONTROL.
Arguments Before Supreme
Justices on the North
ern Pacific.
PRIMARY JURISDICTION.
Proceedings to Have All Matters
Come Before Only One
Court.
IT IS NEW IN JURISPRUDENCE.
An Action That May Settle Contro
versies Between Factions of
the Road.
WASHINGTON, D.0., Jan. 14.— Justices !
Field, Harlan, ISrewer and jfcrown of the !
Supreme Court, sitting in chambers this i
morning, heard arguments of counsel rep- i
resenting the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, the receivers thereof, the sec
ond mortgage bono. holders a ad the Farm
ers' Loan and Trust; Company, asking
the Justices to recommend to- judges of the
circuit courts in Slates through which
the Northern Pacific runs, a: id who are at
variance on the question of jurisdiction, i
that some one court Ibe designated as hav
in* primary jurisdiction. T'.iese four Jus
tice* would, if sitting in their various cir
cuits, exercise controlling power on those j
courts were the cases presented to them.
Ex-Fenator Spoone r and W. B. Turner j
appeared for the Farmers' Loan and Trust
Company and the original receiver. Joseph
H. Choate, for the Adams committee of
bondholders, Mr. Cardoza for the second
mortgage independent landholders ana S.
W. Pettit, general counsel of the North
ern Pacific, for the coim pany. Colonel
James McNaught. formerly general coun
sel for the old organizatk D , was also pres
ent.
Turner wa.« first heard. .He stated that ;
every interest of the Nortbe m Pacific road
was here represented, includ ing the bond
holders and stockholders, a nd they were :
al! agreed that these proceedings should be i
had. The the coi trts would re- j
suit in gr< the roa d and eventu
ring a&out its dismemberment. The j
present state of affairs could n ot long exist, j
The first bill for the appoir tment of re
ceivers was heard by Judge Jt'nkins of the
Eastern Distiict of Wiscons. n, who had
appointed the first receivers, .and he con
tended that that Judge now had original
jurisdiction-
Ex-Senator Spooner said the present sit
uation was absolutely intolerable. The
result would be that the road which was
created as an entirety by an act of Con
press, mortgaged as an entirety and up to
the time the receivers were appointed op
erated by the company as an entirety,
would be split up into section 5, run as sep
arate roads with separate ofhoes and oper
ated as other roads are, under traffic agree
ments on a mileage basf s.
In support of his argument for the
inaary jurisdiction ot Judce Jenkins he
similar litigation in the cases of the
Santa Fe, "Wabash and Southern railroads,
where the question of exclusive primary
liction of the court of original pro
ceedings was unquestioned.
Spooner had not finished his argument
when tue Justices adjourned the hearing
until to-morrow morning, when .Spooner
will have forty-five minutes to conclude,
Mr. Pettit an hour and Mr. Choate fifteen
minutes.
The proceeding is an entirely novel one
in the history of jurisprudence in this
country, and at present no one can say
what will be done. Counsel desire the
Justices to agree upon an order to bo en
tered upon the records of all the Circuit
courts in the several circuits, directing
that one court be recognized as possessing
iirimary jurisdiction, proceedings in other
circuits to be auxiliary thereto.
Should the Justices conclude that they
have not the power to issue such an order,
then it is desired that a recommendation
be made to the various Circuit Judges
that they accede to the designation of one
of the circuit? as having the jurisdiction.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Reed Not Opposed to the Nicaragua Canal
Project — Protection for the Ameri
cans in Transvaal,
WASHINGTON. D. C, .lan. 14.— The
chairman of the House Committee on In
terstate and Foreign Commerce has ap
pointed the following sub-committee to
doal with the Nicaragua canal: Sherman
of New York, Joy of Missouri, Noonan of
Texa?. Stewart of New Jersey, Price of
Louisiana, Bartlett of New York and Doo
little of Washington.
It is alleged by friends of Mr. Reed that
the Sj>eaker is not hostile to the canal
project, despito his economical policy.
Reports have reached here from the Pa
citic Coast to the effect that some dissatis
faction and complaint was heard, and his
friends have taken pains to-day to assure
the canal promoters that the Speaker is
not opposed. Representative Barham of
California proposes to see President Cleve-
Jand in a few days and ask him to intimate
to him or send to Congress as soon as pos
sible the report of the commission ap
pointed to investigate the canal project,
which for some reason has never been
made public.
Hamilton Smith, an engineer well
known in !-an Francisco, has wired Sena
tor Perkins from San Carlo, requesting
protection for Captain Curtis (as well as
Jack Hammond), arrested by President
Krueger of the Transvaal republic. Curtis
la also well known in California. Smith
cables that both are threatened with hang
ing and confiscation of property. Senator
Perkins informed Mr. Smith that our
Government would protect Americans in
Africa. The Senator was informed to-day
that Secretary Olney had received a cable
from Minister Bayard giving information
that the British Colonial Secretary had in
structed Sir Hercules Robinson, the Brit
ish High Commissioner at the Cape, to ex
tend protection to Mr. Hammond and
other American citizens who have been
arrested in the Transvaal. They will be
considered for the time being as British
subjects.
Senator Perkins to-day introduced a bill
providing for the appropriation of $100,
--000 for the purpose of erecting a drydock
at Mare Island. The amount mentioned
is only buch as is necessary to make a be
ginning.
Senator Perkins wrote to the Secretary
of "War in behalf of Kawlins Post, G. A. JR.,
<*£ Stockton, asking that the post be given
or be permitted to purchase, certain un
used cannon and war material for the
burial plat of the post.
Resolutions for and aga;nstbill relating
to mining, prepared by the State Miners'
Association, are being received numer
ously. The cities and towns in the moun
tains generally favor the Dills, while the
valley people oppose it. Auburn is the
last town to send in an appeal in behalf of
tbe bills.
By direction of the Secretary of War,
First-Lieutenant Joseph E. Kuhn. corps of
engineers, will report in person to Colonel
| Charles E. Sutor, corps of engineers, presi
dent of the examining board appointed to
' meet at San Franciscoat such time as may
; be required by the board for examination
i as to his fitness for promotion.
A. L. Rhodes of San Francisco is regis
tered at the Arlington Hotel.
Senator Scrantou of Pennsylvania to-day
introduced a bill providing lor a delegate
in Congress from Alaska, to be elected
next October.
J. R. Horsely Jr. has been appointed
Postmaster at Bnelling, Merced County,
Cal., vice \V. M. Jacobs, removed.
WHAT PATHOS AGE WAS GITJEy ?
Howard Tie si if a Some Information Front
the President.
WASHINGTON', D. C, Jan 14.—How
ard, the Populist member from Alabama,
introduced the following resolution in the
House yesterday:
Resolved, That ftrover Cleveland, President
of the I'nited States, be requested to furnish
th<* House with the following information:
What patronage djd he use and what places
dia he give to members of Congress to induce
them to vote for the repeal of the purchasing
clause of the Sherman law?
The matter was referred to the Commit
tee on Coinage, Weights and Measures.
INTERS A TIOXAL AMEBICAX BASKS
Eckels Knotca of JVo Objection to Their
Incorporation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.—Comp
troller Eckels and others appeared before
the House Banking and Currency Commit
tee in connection with the bill to carry
into effect the recommendations of the In
ternational American conference for the
incorporation of international Amer
ican banks. Mr, Eckels knew of no consti
tutional objection to the measure. Eng
land has placed branch banks In almost
every country in the vrorld. If England
could do this the United States certainly
could. The committee adjourned the hear
ing for two weeks, when Mr. Eckels and
others will address the body.
CAPTAIX SUMXEB HEISSTATEI).
Txco Months of Ilia Sentence Remitted by
Secretary Herbert.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.-Secre
tary Herbert has remitted the unexpired
sentence imposed upon Captain George "W.
Sumner, U.S. N., convicted by court-mar
tial at the Brooklyn Navy-yard of care
lessness in connection with the docking of
the cruiser Columbia, which he com
manded, at Southampton, England. Cap
tain Surnner was suspended from rank and
duty for six months from September 12,
and would have had two months yet of
suspension. He has been placed on wait
ing orders.
FIRED UPON BY MEXICANS
Rough Treatment Received by
Americans While Hunting
and Trapping.
Twice They Were Compelled to Aban
don Their Boats and Swim
for Safety.
LAREDO, Tf.x., Jan. 14.— A special from
Carrizo to the Times here says:
James H. McHan, his sons, and A. J.
Blevins and Walter Strickland, a party of
Americans on a hunting and trapping ex
pedition .along the Rio Grande, were tired
upon by Mexican soldiers about forty
miles south of this place the day before
yesterday, and were compelled to jump
into the river to save their lives, leaving
their four skiffs, traps, bedding, etc., whicn
were taken by the Mexicans.
McHan says his party went into camp
during tho afternoon on the American
bank, but noticing suspicious looking
characters on both sides, they moved their
camp to a small island in the middle of
the river. Next morning after they ali had
gotten into their skiffs they had no more
than started when the Mexicans began
firing on them and they were compelled
to take to the water to save themselves.
The party arrived here this morning '
afoot on their way to Laredo, where they |
intend to made complaint to the proper
authorities. The party started from Eagle i
Pass several weeks ago.
Colonel Villazenar, commander of the i
Mexican military department lying oppo- j
site this city, denies the possibility of!
troops firing upon peaceful voyagers, lie !
says bandits and horsethieves abound be- i
low Carrizo, and the hunters were proba
bly fired upon by them for the purpose of
stealing their equipment. The spot mdi- |
cated is only nine miles from Mier, an im
portant town, the head of another mili
tary sub-department under the command
of Lieutenant-Colonel Campos, a prudent,
conservative officer, who would never tol
erate such outrage on the part of his men.
Had the troops actually fired upon any
one it would have been known at head
quarters long before the Americans got to j
Carrizo. It is either a myth or a mistake.'
The civil authorities in New Laredo deny
the possibility of the Mexican troops firing
upon any one, and pronounce the story !
anotner border scare.
ni aiii or the oceas.
-Vet» Invention for Propelling 1 etsel*
Laden With Freight.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Jan. 14.-A. new
invention, which promises to revolutionize
tne coastwise freight carrying trade of the
world, was successfully tested here yester
day. A number of the leading men in
local financial circles were present at the
| trial, and all were enthusiastic at the suc
cess of the device.
The invention is nothing more or less
tnan the utilization of the forces of tne
ocean to obtain therefrom a means of
motive power for craft at sea by An inee
nious device of using a swinging carco
attached to air compressors in such a
manner that every motion of the vessel,
however light, whether pitching or oscil
lating, acts as a means to compress the air,
which being conveyed to an ordinary
upright boiler, quickly attains the neces
sary amount of pressure, and let into the
engine starts U in motion. In a vessel of
3000 tons only one-third of the space
would be used, and in this space there
would be a large steel compartment, which
would bo hung on trunnions in such a
manner as to meet every motion of the
waves. In this 1000 tons of the carco
would be housed. '
Ex- Confederates Can Serve.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Jan. 14.-The
House Committee on Military Affairs to
day ordered favorably reported the Senate
bill repealing the law barring from ap
pointment in the army or navy any per
son who formerly held a commission
therein and afterward joined the Confed
eracy. The military academy appropria
tion bill was agreed to.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
IN LOS ANGELES JAIL
Mrs. Platt's Murderer at
Last Brought to
Justice.
CRIME OF AN INDIAN.
Francisco Guavish Arrested for
the Killing of a School-
Mistress.
CLEVER WOEK OF OFFICERS.
Conclusive Proof That the Redskin
Slew the Woman and Cre
mated Her Body.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 14.-After \
months of diligent work upon the part of !
local officers, the mystery veiling the mur- i
der of Mrs. Mary J. Platt on the Pichango
Reservation, has at last been cleared away,
and the fiend who took the noble woman's
life and then cremated her body is soon to j
be brought to justice. The murder of Mrs. !
Platt thrilled all Southern California with |
horror. It was a most brutal crime, the
victim being a Christian woman who had
left the world behind to instill the white
man's education and love of God into the
minds of Indian children on the reserva- j
tion. It is certain her slayer is now in the
Los Angeles county jail, and it is learned
that the woman's life was sacrificed in or
der that the chief of the Pichango tribe I
could be accused of the murder and gotten !
out of the way, in which event the real S
murderer would have succeeded to the |
leadership.
Chief Mateo Pa was arrested months ago
upon the charge of having murdered Mrs.
Platt and of burning down the school
house after the murder. The woman's
; charred remains were found in the ruins of
the building, and it was perfectly apparent
I that she had been killed and the place
burned to destroy evidence of the crime.
A number of accusations were lodged
against Mateo Pa, but after a long trial the
jury acquitted him. Pa's entire past indi
cated that it was highly unlikely that he
could commit such a crime, and he left the
impression upon those who heard tne case
throughout that the guilty man had not
been caagnt.
Foremost among those who testified to
the chain of circumstantial evidence it was
sought to weave about Mateo was Fran
cisco Guavish, an Indian who resided upon
the reservation. During the trial Deputy
Sheriffs Martin Aguirre and A. D. Marsh
were in attendance and listened to the
testimony. From Guavish's conduct and
from the thread of his story they were
satisfied that he had committed the
murder, and they went to work on the
case with that hypothesis in view.
Aguirre owns a ranch near San Jacinto,
and last summer he went up there to re
main fur a time. He improved hia oppor
tunities of making the acquaintance of the
Indians, and beiiiK fluent in the use of the
Mexican language he soon had a number
of clews which went to confirm his theory
about Guavish. Communicating with
Sheriff Burr and Deputy Marsh, a man
was sent to Ballona, whither Guavish had
moved after the acquittal of Mateo Pa
and this man worked himself into the
good graces of Guavish and operated with
him.
At Rallona Guavish developed into an
all-around marauder and committed a
number of crimes, one of which, showing
the methods of this desperado, was to bar
gain with a butcher for the sale of a cow
and then steal the cow to fill the contract.
He also robbed a Chinaman of some silver
coin and stole several horses, all of which,
the Sheriff's office being on the watch,
were recovered and returned to their own
er?.
Mr. Ag'iirre on hie trip to his farm dis
covered enough to convince him that Mrs.
! Pratt had been killed throueh a con
| spiracy among the Indians, at the head of
| whom wasGuavish; that the purpose of
■ the conspiracy was to get Mateo out of the
j way and to elect Guaviah in his stead.
; The murder of the woman was but a
i means to this end. The failure of the
j nefarious project, through the good sense
I of the United States jury and the depart
j ure of Guavish from the reservation, to
j gether with the low moral tone of the
! Indian nature, made them careless about
keeping the matter a secret and enough
was obtained by Mr. Aguirre to use as a
lever to extract more.
During the holidays, under the direction
of Sheriff Burr, Aguirre and Marsh went
off for a week, ostensibly for gunning. la
reality they went to the reservation,
taking with them a warrant for the arrest
of Guavish upon the charee of murder,
and when they returned the redskin was
their captive. He is now in the County
Jail.
Gauvish's co-conspirators on the reser
; vation now tell all about the crime and
say he is the murderer. The ofh'cers will
take Gauvish to Riverside to-morrow,
| where he will be duly arraigned on the
charge of having murdered Mrs. Platt
and then he will be turned over to Sheriff
Johnson. According to the instructions
of United States District Attorney Denis
Gauvish will be tried under the law of the
State and the Federal authorities will do
nothing in the case, inasmuch as all the
evidence ha 3 been worked up by the
State's officers.
There can be no doubt as to the convic-
I tion of Gauvish and he will probably be
hanged, and thereby will one of the most
singularly atrocious and savage murders
j ever committed in this county be
I avenged.
MRS. I'LATT'S HE ATM.
Murdered Within a Fete Fret of Her Sleep
ing Xiece.
The murder of Mrs. Mary Platt on the Pi
chango reservation on September 20, 1894,
was one of the most fiendish crimes ever
committed in California. The aped
woman's body was found on the morning
of September 20 in the ruins of the Indian
school, which had been burned to cover
the crime. For months the officers of
Southern California were baffled in their
attempts to trace her slayer, and when old
Matco Pa, the chief of the Pichangos,
was acquitted it seemed that Mrs. Platt's
cruel death would never be avenged.
The Pichango reservation is in the south
ern part of Riverside County and is some
what isolated, the Government school be
ing some six miles from the telegraph
station at Temecula. The Government
building was quite a large structure, com
prising the k schoolroom and residence
under one roof. Mrs. Platt, a widow of
about 40 yearn of age, was the principal at
the Pichango school, and on the nieht of
the tragedy was alone in the house with
her 10-year-old niece, Hattie Leslie.
The crime bore all the evidence of the
cunning work of an Indian riend. Mrs.
Platt was either stunned or killed out
right, thrown on the floor, oak wood piled
around her and her body cremated, while
in the next room the little girl slept peace
fully, to be awakened by names scorching
her hand. She ran through the room
where her aunt lay roasting under the
burning wood, and in her night clothes
reached the house of a friendly Indian.
After the tragedy it developed that some
time before a youne buck attending the
Indian school at Ferris, some distance
from the Picbango school, had been ex
pelled for some breach of discipline and
returned t<> the Pichango reservation. To
be revenged on the authorities he began
industriously to circulate a report that the
Indian children there were being shame
fully abused and half-starved. Thi3 was
readily believed by the older Indians.
On the day of the murder old Mateo Pa,
the chief at 'Pichango, called on Mrs. Matt
and told her what he hud heard. He de
manded tne amount of the fare to Perris
and return, saying he would go and inves
tigate for himself, and if things were as
reported there would be trouble. Mrs.
Platt tried to appease the angry chief and
refused his request, thinking the renort
groundless, and not wishing to create any
excitement among her own proteges she
promised to investigate the rumor herself.
Mateo Pa went away very angry, threat
ening among other things to have her
school closed. This and the chief's surly
manner caused Mrs. Platt some uneasi
ness, and she wrote to the Indian agent,
Francisco Estudillo, at Colton, telling him
of the threat and that she was alarmed.
She requested that if he did not hear from
her again within three or four days the
comedown and settle matters. This letter
and a telegram from Temecula announcing
the burning of the Government building
at Pichango and the rinding of Mrs.
Platt's body arrived at Colton an hour
apart.
It is now believed that Francisco
Guavish, the murderer, had known of the
old chief's visit and threats and tried to
profit by them, believing that Mateo Pa
would certainly be convicted if Mrs. Platt
was murdered.
The story of little Hattie Leslie, the
niece of the murdered woman, was as fol
lows: "I was in bed and asleep. Auntie,
when I went to bed, was in the sitting
room reading. I went to sleep while she
was reading. After a long time I dreamed
I was burning and awoke and the room
was full of smoke and the fire came ail
; around my bed. My hand was burned
and it hurt me. I was ec?red and called
for auntie, but she did not answer. Then
I jumped up and ran to the sitting-room,
! but she was not there. The house ■was
all on fire and smoke tilled every room. I
cried aloud and went into the kitchen to
I rind auntie, but did not see her. On the
kitchen floor was a big pile of wood burn
ing and I could smell oil— kerosene oil. I
was scared to death. Iran outdoors and
all around looking for auntie and calling,
but she was not there.
"I did r.ot know what to do. I ran back
into the house by the back porch and past
the pile of wool burning in the kitchen
and into tne bedroom. There I got some
of my clothes and a basket of letters. I
tried "to do all I could, but there was not
time. I was afraid, too, and ran over to
an Indian's house and asked to be Let in.
1 They did not know the house was burning
till they heard me call. They let me in
j and cared for me. I did not hear any
| noise while I was Iving in bed and no
• body came to the house while I was awake.
I Auntie was afraid of Mateo Pa, but she
! was not afraid to stay alone with me. The
; tire In my room was separate from the fire
in the kitchen. The tire in the kitchen
was the biggest, and I am sure there was
coal oil on the wood. The lire in my room
was ri^ht around the bed."
That Mrs. Platt expected to die in the
sacrificing service of teaching Indians, no
one who knew her can doubt, but she cer
tainly did not anticipate her end would
come in so fiendish and barbarons a man
ner, at the hand.s of those whose welfare
and betterment she had made a life's work.
It can truthfully be said that Mrs. Plntt
grew old and gray in the service of in
structing the young Indian, and endeavor
ing to impress upon the older ones the
blessings and satisfaction being clean and
at least partially civilized.
Mrs. Platt was a woman past 50 years of
age. nearly twenty of her life having been
in the Indian service. She was very con
scientious and fearless and was, moreover,
a devout Christian. Unlike many of the
' neAv teachers wiio govern the Indians, she
believed that all of the appropriations and
time should not be lavished upon the
younger generation, but that trie older
people should receive some attention. Mrs.
Platt argued that much of the modern ap
pliance?, such as electric plant?, could very
well be dispensed with at the various Indian
schools, and the money put to greater ad
vantage by building nice homes and fur
nisi.ing them for the older people.
The grandparents of the present genera
tion were, she confessed, beyond redemp
tion, but the parents were not and should
be civilized, as she suggested. The very
fact that their children were able to wear
bright new clothes and learn caused dis
content and went to drive them further
from the benefits of civilization than be
fore the introduction of the schools. They
should be taught to be housewives and
have instilled in them a pride in keeping
themselves and their abodes clean and
orderly.
Mrs. Platt always sought to bring her
ideas before those in authority, and seldom
allowed to pass an opportunity of making
a plea for the older generation".
As an incident of her courage, she pre
vented an impending fight amoni; the
young bucks of the Pichango band in ISO 4.
Two parties had become involved in some
dispute and stood facing each other with
upraised hatchets and drawn knives, wait
ing but a signal from their leaders to begin
the battle. Without a moment's hesita
tion Mrs. Platt stepped between the con
tending factions and remonstrated with
them, telling them it was wrong to quar
rel, and that the dispute should be settled
without blows. The crowd dispersed
almost instantly, nor was the quarrel again
renewed.
Mrs. Platt was thought to have the love
of nearly all on the reservation, and dur
ing August, 1894, attended the fiesta at
Temecula, San Diego County, where her
pupils were noticeably the best conducted of
any there, and were entirely submissive to
her orders.
MISMAXAGEMKXT CHARGED.
A. Receiver forced Upon a Savings Asso
ciation.
ST. PAUL. Minn., Jan. 14.— The sensa
tion of the hour in the Twin Cities is the
appointment of a receiver for the Ameri
can Savings and Loan Association. W. D.
Hale, ex-Postmaster of Minneapolis, was
made receiver this mornuu' upon the rec
ommendation of Attorney-General Childs
and State Bank Examiner Kenyon.
Among the reasons given for the applica
tion for the receivership is one that in 1889
the association illegally invested $202,000
of its assets in the capital of the German-
American Fire Insurance Company. The
management is declared to have been
crossly extravagant and its conduct of the
business unprofitable. The officers are
said to have violated the law in their man
agement. President Bishop says the asso
ciation will tight the receivership.
The linttle-Ship Indiana.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 14.— The
battle-ship Indiana sailed from Newport,
R. 1., this morning for Hampton Roads.
Va., where Admiral Bunce's sqnudron of
evolution is still waiting for orders. The
Indiana will not be attached to the squad
ron for some time, if at all. Captain Rob
ley D. Evans, tiie Indiana's commander,
is reported to have wholly recovered from
his recent severe attack of rheumatism,
and is now on board the vessel.
Execution on Judgment Sotes.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Jan. 14.—Exe
cution of judgment notes aggregating
about $97,000 was issued to-day against
Charles W. LandelJ, a manufacturer of
glazed kid.
SALT LAKE CAUCUS
Candidates for the Senate
Nominated by the Re
publicans.
MORMON AND GENTILE.
Frank J. Cannon and Arthur
Brown the Choice of
the Party.
PLEDGED TO THEIR SUPPORT.
The Members Had Agreed to Abide
by the Decision of the
Majority.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 14.— At the
Republican legislative caucus to-night a
resolution was unanimously adopted bind
ing all members to abide by the decision
f the majority. AH of the forty- three
Republican members were present.
Frank J. Cannon was then nominated as
the Republican candidate for the United
States Senate by acclamation. Arthur
Brown and Judge Bennett were both put
into nomination. Brown received twenty
four votes and Bennett nineteen, and
Brown was declared the other nominee of
the caucus. The Legislature is composed
of forty-three Republicans and twenty
Democrats.
The Senatorial fight was quite warm all
day. The supporters of George Q, Cannon
were dismayed by an open letter from
that gentleman, which appeared in the
Deseret News, the official organ of the
Mormon church, in which Mr. Cannon
says he is not a candidate and could not
accept the office. This action, it is said,
was the result of a conference between
George Q. and his son, Frank J., who from
the beginning of the struggle has been an
active and aggressive candidate.
It was then generally considered that
the elder Cannon's declination left the
path clear for the younger, as it is con
ceded that one of the Senators must be a
Mormon, and the Cannons are the only
Mormons who have been mentioned for
the place. '
PENDLETON ROBBER TAKEN
Arrest of a Man Suspected of
Having Looted the Town
Postoffice.
Answers the Description of the Bandit
Who Held Up Postmaster
Johnson.
PENDLETON, Or., Jan. 14.— Sherift
Houscr has arrested F. S. Wood, suspected
of committing the bold robbery at the
postoffice last evening. Wood came here
less than a weeK ago, claiming he was an
attorney from Weiser, Idaho, who had
been unfortunate and needed assistance to
pet to Astoria, whero he had money due
him. He stopped at the Golden Rule two
days. One evening he followed the Hotel
'bus driver to the barn, evidently to hold
him up.
The landlord drove Wood away and he
went to the Hotel Pendleton, where he
was stopping when the robbery occurred.
Officers searched his room and found some
new clothing thought to have been stolen.
Wood learned that his room was being
searched and ran down the back stairs of
the hotel and escaped over the fence, but
was aoon in custody. He is the only man
found who answers the description of the
robber given by Postmaster Johnson. Offi
cers are out in all directions prosecuting a
vigorous search, but no reports as yet have
been received from them.
This morning the Postmaster said the
amount taken by the roober was over $700
and may reach $1000.
CAItSOy COXTEMPT CASE.
Editor Parkinson Ruffles the Dignity of
a Police Court Justice.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 14.— E. J. Parkin
son, editor of the Tribune, was cited for
contempt by Police Court Justice Haw
thorne yesterday for articles alleged to
have reflected upon the court and for
threats against his Honor. This morning
similar articles appeared in the Tribune
and a fresh citation was issued. The case
was continued until Saturday.
About three years ago the editor of the
Appeal was sent to jail by Judge Rising
for contempt. Last summer the editor of
the News was sent to jail by Judge Haw
ley, and if Parkinson is sent up it will
complete the list of Carson editors who
have bean 'in limbo" for contempt of
court.
Trvo lioycotta at Carson.
CARSON, SfBV., Jan. 14.— The Opera
house Company, controlled by H. M. Yer
ington, Trentnor Coffin and George Rich
ard, in retaliation for the exposures by the
Appeal of the mint ring, have ordered all
their advertising out of the Appeal. In
return for this many citizens of Carson
have announced a boycott against the
opera-house while the boycott on the Ap
peal continues.
SANTA CRUZ NATIVE SONS
Officers-Elect of the Local Par
lor Installed and Ban
queted.
An Order That Is Fast Gaining
Strength in Membership and
Progression.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 14.—Officers
elect of Native Sons of the Golden West
Parlor 90, were installed to-night by State
Grand Vice-President Henry C. Gesford of
Napa, a State Senator. After the installa
tion a banquet was given at the Ocean
House, which was enjoyed by the full
membership of the local parlor ana many
visitors from Watsonville. The Santa
Cruz parlor is adding strength in mem
bership and progression, with encouraging
prospects for the future.
Following aie the names of those in
stalled: Past president, E. L. Foster;
president, George B. Sweet; first vice
president, M.Besse; second vice-president,
W. P. Vehlberg; third vice-president, C.
E. Towne; recording secretary, R. H.
Pringle; financial secretary, W. I. New
man; treasurer, W. I. Thurber; marshal,
L. H. Ryd«r; trustee, E. H. Brouse.
The programme at the banquet included :
Opening remarks by the toastmaster.
Grand Trustee Frank Mattison; toast,
"Our State," Grand Vice-president Hon.
H. C. Gesford ; toast, "Our Order," District
Deputy J. A. Tatham; singing by a quar
tet—Frank Mattison, Ben R. Martin,
George A. Chittenden and Joseph D. En
right; toast, "Grand Parlor," Charles M.
Cassin; toast, '-Grand Officers," Past
President W. D. Haslam; toast, "S. C.
Parlor No. 90, JI First Vice-president Mil
ton Besse; toast, "Our Pioneer Fathers,"
Past President George Startler; toast,
"Our Pioneer Mothers," Past President
George A. Chittenden; toast. "The A. 11.
O. V.," Past President O. V. Ort; toast,
"N. D. G. W.," President George B.
Sweet; toast, '-'The Press," Second Vice
president W. T. Vehlberg. The banquet
waa concluded with singing.
JUOXTJZREI Jf.4.1 OAMB.
Piscatorial Epicures That Decline to
Accept titale Unit.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 14.— The
rough sea weather of yesterday had a
Bomewhat depressing effect on fish and
fishermen to-day, yet 155 fine salmon were
taken in Iwilf a day's fishing. The weather
was so rough last night that the baitboats
could not go out, and these silver-si<?e, red
flesh salmon declined tho stale bait that
remained.. They are fond of sardines and
will come up for them in preference to go
ing down, but they want their dinner
fresh.
San Frrancisco visitors— Fathers Casey
and Lynch and Frank Maskey, the
Kearny-tstreetconfectioner, and wife— were
on the bay to-day, but had bad weather,
and that and the fastidiousness of the sal
mon rendered their sport only partially
successful. John R. Chace of the Ocean
House is enthusiastic over the reception of
the fish he sent to San Francisco yester
day. As soon as the weather clears there
will be a renewal of the hshing, for there is
no end to the salmon that can be caught if
they are treated right.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Nightingales, Cardinals and Sky
larks to Be Imported to
the State.
Dr. Florence B. Needham Brings Suit
for a Divorce— Death of Two
Pioneers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— At a meeting
of the executive committee of the Central
California Acclimatization Society yester
day it was decided to purchase at once one
dozen Peking nightingales, one dozen car
dinals and fifty English skylarks for dis
tribution throughout the county.
The membership of the organization is
rapidly growing in San Mateo and Santa
Cruz counties, as well as in this county,
and it is expected that the first annual
meeting on the 25th of this month will be
well attended.
HEATH OF TWO PIOSEERS.
John H. IHbble and J. E. Southxcorth Go
to Their Hrward.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— John H.
Dibble, an old resident of Santa Clara,
died last evening of Bright's disease.
Mr. Dibble was born in Pittsbnrg, Pa.,
in 1819, ana came to California in 1854.
He was a tinsmith by trade, and in 1857 he
came to Santa Clara and established a tin
store, in which business he was engaged at
the timo of his death. He has been a
member of the Town Board for seven
years, find was a member of Santa Clara
LoUge No. 52, I. O. O. P., and Santa Clara
Encampment No. 32, I. 0. O. P. Two
children, Juiia and Charles Dibble, survive
him.
J. E. Southworth died in Santa Clara
last evening. He had resided in that town
for many years. He was 64 years of age
and a native of Ohio. A widow survives
him.
TIRES OF A WA.YWA.RI> SPOUSE.
Dr. Florence It. Xeedham Brings Action
for a Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— Florence 3.
Needham to-day began suit for divorce
against Charles T. Needham on the
grounds of drunkenness and failure to
provide. Mrs. Needham is a physician,
and she has become tired of supporting
her husband.
Neeaham is now serving a fifteen-day
sentence in the city prison as the result of
a New Year's spree. At the time of his
arrest, Mrs. Needham sent Justice Gass a
letter asking him to give Needham the
full benefit of the law, as she was about to
abandon all attempts to reform him.
Embezzlement Charge Dismissed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— The charge
of embezzlement against J. W. Lippitt was
dismissed on motion of the District Attor
ney this morning. The defendant had
been tried twice and there was no prospect
of a conviction. Lippitt was accused of
embezzling $<>1 25 while employed as a
bookkeeper by W. E. Crossman.
Taken to San Quentin.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— John E.
Burke, sentenced to three years for looting
the residence of H. V. Morehouse, and
Thomas Jones and John Shaffer, sen
tenced to one year each for robbing M. Pa
checo's house in Alyiso, were taken to San
Quentin this morning by Deputy Sheriffs
Ga?dner and Jefferson.
Work on a Telephone System.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— The People's
Telephone and Telegraph Company baa a
force of workmen at work placing the
poles in position on South First street.
The work of construction will be rushed,
and an effort will be made to have the ex
change ready for business in sixty days.
Opens With Increased Attendance.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 14.— The Univer
sity of the Pacific opened this morning
with an increased attendance. Rev. M. M.
Gibson of San Francisco and President
Beard addressed the students.
SACItAIUEXTO ACCIDEST.
William Potter Struck by a Train and Fa-
tally Injured.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.., Jan. 14.— William
Potter, an employe of the California
Dairy, attempted to cross the railroad
track before an incoming train with his
delivery wagon this morning, in the city
outskirts. As his wagon reached the mid
dle of the track, the horse balked, and a
second later the locomotive struck the
wagon, knocking it into kindling wood,
instantly killing the horse and throwing
Potter over forty feet. He struck
upon his head, and sustained fatal in
juries. When picked up it was found
that the left side of his face had been torn
away.
As soon as possible Potter was conveyed
to a private hospital near by and medical
assistance rendered, but his injuries are
such that there is no hope of recovery.
Potter is a mere boy, barely 18 years of
age. It is claimed that it was impossible
for the engineer to avert the accident, as
the track was wet and slippery.
Jjos Gatos Board, of Trade Election.
LOSGATOS, Cal., Jan. H.-The Los
Gatos Board of Trade last evening elected
the following officers for the ensuing year:
Secretary, George H. Adams; treasurer,
William Riddle; board of directors-
Charles W. Gertridge, B. X. Hewitt, Lee
Darneal, R. R. Bell and F. M. Jackson.
The directors will elect a president and
vice-president during the week.
CHICO MEN KILLED
Singular Case of Snake
Poisoning Near the
Town.
DEADLY FANG IN A BOOT.
Two Men Who Wore the Foot
gear Died in Fearful
Agony.
NARROW ESCAPE OF ANOTHER.
The Cowhides Had Been Discarded by
a Person Who Was Attacked
by a Rattler.
CHICO, Cal., Jan. 14.— One of the most
singular cases of rattlesnake-poisoning on
record has occurred near this place. As
the result of wearing a boot into which,
one of the venemous reptiles had plunged
its fangs, two men are dead, another's life
was despaired of for Borne time and the
original owner of the boot owes his exist
ence to the fact that he discarded the foot
wear immediately after he had been at
tacked by the snake. Where this most un
usual method of death-dealing would have
ended is hard to conjecture, but luckily
one person had the good sense to investi
gate the cause, and thus insure others
against a similar fate.
One day last week Thomas Horton was
passing through a piece of cleared land,
when he was struck at by a rattlesnake.
The reptile was shedding its skin and
therefore in its most venemous condition.
The serpent's fangs penetrated one of
Horton's cowhide boots and the snake was
easily killed.
Horton discarded his boots and his wifa
pave them to Napoleon Meeker, a negro,
who worked on an adjoining farm. He
wore them and died. Archibald Hooker,
a nephew of the dead man, wore them
forty-eight hours, and he also died in great
agony.
The boots next passed into the posses
sion of an old trapper. The second day
he wore them he was attacked by a pain in
his leg. His experience told him that it
was the resuit of rattlesnake-poisoning.
He used a remedy in time and recovered.
On examining the bootleg he found a
small-pointed piece of bene imbedded in
the leather. It was the fang of the rattle
snake, placed in such a position that in
drawing the foot from the boot the fan?,
which curved upward, would not injure it;
but in putting the boot on it would be
almost impossible to escape a slight scratch
from the poison-covered tooth.
JKEAT.VSBURrr SEISEHS.
Fishermen Fined for the Unlawful Cnp
tiirp of Salmon.
SANTA ROSA, Cat,., Jan. 14.— Lauren
Foreman, John King, A. Duncan anil
Fred Bice, the four young men arrested
by Fish Commissioner Babcock last Satur
day near Heajdsburg for illegal catching
of salmon, settled the charge against them
by paying a fine of $7 50 each here to-day.
Commissioner Babcock did not care to try
the case at Healdsburg, where the populace
was in sympathy with the arrested men.
He brought them to Santa Rosa Monday
afternoon and the affair was settled in a
few minutes. The light tine with which
they were let off was a source of surprise
even to themselves. They were "loaded
down" with money and were prepared to
nj;nt the case to the bitter end.
Tetnluma Telephone System.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 14.--H. B. Hig
bee, the assistant cashier of the Bank of
Sonoma, to-day became the purchaser of
the Pierce telephone system and will ba
president and manager of the new corpora
tion. The other officers are: Vice-presi«
dent, Colonel D. B. Fairbanks; directors —
H. B. Higbee, Colonel D. B. Fairbanks,
W. H. Fairbanks, Mrs. H. B. Higbee and
George P. McNear. The system will be
greatly enlarged and extended and the
latest inventions employed.
Control of Portland Railways.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 14.— The Port
land Consolidated Street Railway system,
which was sold under execution a few days
ago to the representative of a .Boston bank
ing firm, has come under the management
of a local company, which has secured con
trol of the road for Eastern capitalists. The
new company was incorporated by 0. P.
Paxton, Alfred Sears Jr. and J. V. Beach.
The capital stock is $300,000, of which
$100,000 is preferred stock.
KTEW TO-DAY.'
JJbi/r^ The ftill Intensity
wC3f f3r of living is reached
P\ V^V^US^L. only k y the perfectly
healthy. Sickness
Ky discounts the capac-
\»r«Bl ity or enjoyment.
A$ •vS&tlts: When a piano ia
j£*W *fisnl badly out of tune,
/Pfiya/ I nTOjja tsie noises that come
ti?Bl\ li f*"j£»ll from it: arc cert ainly
£atv I HKnim no mus ical. They
fifiWfl/ '/ iffiHfW ? re . not beautiful. If
/ 111 J\ hH il is only a little bit
*(// J I gwlwA out of tune, you can
**"v/ / A Hv «i P^y some few things
l/| faA >^ on lt> You can create
£o^^"J g 42.a semblance of
music, but you can-
not make really beautiful, satisfying soul-
stirring music, unless every string is tense
and firm, unless every piece of the whole
instrument is in perfect tune, in perfect
condition, in perfect harmony with every
other piece.
It is the same with a human being-. If
his body is all out of order and run-down,
he will not be able to enjoy anything, no
matter how full of enjoyment it may be for
other people. If he is just a little bit out
of order, if he "is not sick, but doesn't feel
just right" he will only be able to enjoy
things in a half-hearted sort of way. The
nearer he is to being perfectly well, the
nearer will his capacity for enjoyment be
perfect. To really live, and to take his
part in the work and pleasure of the
world, his body must be in perfect con-
dition. If this condition doesn't exist,
something is wrong and something ought
to be done. That something nine cases in
ten means the use of Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery. It works directly ou
the digestive organs, and on the blood and
through these on every tissue of the whole
body. It makes the appetite good, the
digestion perfect and nutrition rapid and
easy. It supplies rich, red blood to all the
tissues and builds up solid, healthful flesh.
It brings perfect health and restores vig-
orous, springy vitality. , It- makes every
function in life a pleasure instead of a drag.
It is an invigorating tonic as well as the
greatest blood-purifier of the age. You can
get it at any drug store. If you care to
know more about it, and about your ovra
physical make-up, send 21 one-cent stamps
to cover cost of mailing only and receive
absolutely free a copy of Dr. Pierces cele-
brated book, "Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser" — 100S pages, profusely illustrated.
Address World's Dispensary Medical A©»
aociation, Buffalo, N, V,
34
ROMANCE OF SHASTA
Mrs. Gillespie Learns That
Her Husband Still
Lives.
MOUBNED MANY YEARS.
She Had Not Seen Him Since He
Went to the Front During
the War.
WAS TOLD HE HAD FALLEN.
Receives a Letter From the Veteran
After a Thirty-three Years'
Separation.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 14.— A strange
life's romance is that of Mrs. Ida B. Gilles
pie of Shasta, Cal., now visitinp: a daugh
ter, Mr?, riarah C. Cooper, on Hood street,
this city. Mrs. Gillespie arrived here
about three days ago, en route to Denver,
Colo., to meet her husband, whom she has
not seen in thirty-three years, and whom
her daughter here never saw, although he
is her father.
In 1881 the woman married Simon S.
Gillespie in Galena, 111. In IW2, the year
their daughter was born, Gillespie went
into the army. The following year Mr?.
Gillespie was advised from the front that
Gillespie had been killed in action. Soon
thereafter she and her people left Gelena,
and her frienas there lost track of her.
"Ten days ago," said Mr?. (Jillespie, "I
received a letter from the dead, and it
shocked me so that I fell and went from
one swoon into another for thirty-six
hours, and my doctor feared that I would
die in one of them. The letter was from
my dear husband, whom I for so many
years mourned as being among the dead.
"He wrote me that he had no chance of
returning home till the fall of 1864. By
that time no one in Galena could give him
the slightest clew to my place of abode.
Tiisy knew that we had moved to Omaha,
and later to Milwaukee, and for several
months he advertised for me and my fam
ily in the papers in these cities. Then he
traveled, off and on, for two years in search
of us, and at last gave me and his child up
as forever lost.
"Newly a month ago Mr. Gillespie met
in Denver a Mr. Robert Whitehill of Shasta
County, who knows me quite well. As I
had never remarried, Mr. Whitehill spoke
to Mr. Gillespie 61 knowing a woman by
his Dame in California and related my
history to him. Judging from what Mr.
(i:lle«}iie wrote me, he must have experi
enced similar sensations t<> mine when he
learned that I was yet among the living.
He has been a resident of Colorado for
twenty year?, and he, also, never re
married. I can scarcely bide the time
till I see him again. I am now 57 years
of age, but the happy event makes me feel
as if I were again a girl. I merely came
up here so my daughter could accompany
me to her father."
Both ladies leave to-night for a scene
where there will be a delightfully happy
reunion of loving hearts.
STASfOXJ) MAY ACCEPT.
A T'niversaUst Chair J.ikrhj to Be Ettab-
lishn! at the I'titversity.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cai*. Jan.
14.— A dispatch appeared this morning in
San Francisco papers stating that the
Boston Universalist Club had appointed a
committee to raise $40,000, with which a
chair in Universalist theo'ngy was to be
established in this institution. Inquiry at
Dr. Jordan's office developed that at the
beginning of the university's career Dr.
Jordan received offers to establish chairs
here from several theological organiza
tions. To all these offers Dr. Jordan made
the game reply— that if sufficient funds
■were raised and Stanford could select the
occupant of the chair the offer would be
accepted.
. When Professor Throop of Fa«adena
died he left $30,000 for the establishment
of a Ur.iversalist chair here. Dr. Jordan
recommended that the fund be used at
Throop University, Pasadena. For tome
time nothing more was heard of the mat
ter, and then Dr. Jordan learned that ef
forts were being made to bring the sum
np to the required amount for the estab
lishing of such a chair at Stanford. Un
doubtedly if the sum is raised and other
conditions agreed to Dr. Jordan will not
object to having the chair placed here.
SXCAMOItIC CHEEK. KILZIXG.
An Indian Surrender* for the Shooting
of a Tribesman.
FRESNO, Cai... Jan. 11.— A redskin call
ing himself Indian George came down
from the mountains yesterday and
pave himself up for killing Indian
John a few days ago. The shooting oc
curred on Sycamore Creek, beyond Bur
rough Valley, about forty-live miles north
east of this city. George is unable to
speak the English language, but through
a white man who came down from the
mountains with him the particulars were
learned.
It appears that Indians George and
John, the former's father and several other
red men were havine a good time by the
aid of lirewater which they had in some
unknown manner obtained. Of course
the powwow ended in a fight in which ali
participated. Three Indians, among them
John, set unon George and used him
rather roughly. George's father interfered
and dragged his son's assailants off. The
three men then attac-ked the old man and
held him down, while John choked him
with a handkerchief twisted around his
neck. George in turn interfered in behalf
of his father, but ihe odds against him
were too jireat and he secured a rirle. He
tired one shot which pierced John's heart.
SAX TiEB-\ARI>IXO JUSTICE.
Jurors Find Forger Hadley Guilty, but
Jiecomtnena 2lercy.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Jan. 14-The
jury in the case of Forger W. S. Had
after being out forty-six hours, came into
court with a verdict of guilty, and
recommended the extreme mercy of the
court. v :.y>: •
The defendant toak the verdict very
t-asily, and smiled at those near him. The
court set Fiiday for the time of sentence,
when Hadley's face assumed a serious ex
pression and turning to his attorney he ;
ssaid :
"Tell the court to make it Thursday or
Saturday, as I do not want to be sen
tenced on Friday."
i The court accordingly set the time for
Saturday. • Hadley's good bearing got him
the recommendation for mercy.
Vkiah Water J'lant Sold.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 14.— The plant of the
Tkiah Water Company, of which J. A.
Cooper and A. P. Redernyer were proprie
tor^ Uas been, gold to the Ukiah Water
and Improvement Company of Santa
Rosa. The purchase price was $3000. The
plant is practically of little value, as the
entire business is In the bands of a new
company, which entered the field about
two years ago, and has now succeeded in
forcing out its rival. The old com
pany procures its water from Gibson
Creek, a mountain stream which enters
I'k-iah on the west, while tne new com
pany has wells close to the banks of Rus
sian* River, and from there Dumps water
to a reservoir west of town, from which
latter place it is distributed to consumers.
INVENTION OF A SEATTLE MAN.
Method by Which Nitroglycerine May Be
Used as an Explosive for Cannon
and Small Arms.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 14.— Captain A.
K. Manning, formerly police commis
sioner of this city, says he has discovered
a method whereby nitroglycerine may be
used as an explosive in shells fired from
guns without the least danger to those em
ploying it and wit!) the greatest effect upon
an object or enemy. He asserts that it
can be used with perfect safety in the dis
charge of the bi;rsest cannon. Such a de
vice, Captain Manning announce?, the
Government has long been searching for,
and he has accordingly taken step 3 to
bring the matter to the attention of the
War Department through the kindly offices
of Senator Squire.
SVRFACE RIGHTS IXFOLTED.
Miners Interested in a Case to Be Tried
at Victoria.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 14.— Ross
Thompson, from whom the famous town
of Rosslaud, B. C, takes its name, John
M. Burke, one of Idano's leading men,
and others, passed through Seattle for
Victoria, where to-morrow, before the
Supreme Court of the English province,
will be heard a case which, aside from the
great amount at stake, is of vast impor
tance to miners and mine-owners. The
suit involves the ownership of surface in
terest on mineral lund, and the court will
be asked to decide whether such interest
rests with the Jand-owner or the mine
owner, and more particularly what rights
go with a miner's claim.
D. C. Corbin, by virtue of a grant to
build the Nelson and Fort Shepard Rail
road, claims surface rights to lands which
contain mineral, and his company seeks
to establish its right through the mandate
of a court. But tne Paris Gold-mining
Company, composed principally of Spo
kane men. contend for surface rights on
account of ownership of a mineral ciaim.
To Secure Arid Lands.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 14.— The State
Immigration Convention to-day by resolu
tion memorialized Congress to {rive the
Stale an absolute gra:it to all the arid
lands within the State and to do away
with many of the provisions in the origi
nal grant. It also asks the National Leg
islature to amend the Federal laws so as
to make it necessary for all applicants for
citizenship to be able to read and write.
Arrest of a Rich Chinese, iramon.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 14.—Govern
ment officers to-d3y arrested Sing Ying,
the wife of Gee Lee, Seattle's rich Chinese
merchant, charging her with being unlaw
fully in the United States.
TRUCKEE'S GAY SEASON
Weather Sharps Predict Another
Heavy Fall of Snow on
the Mountains.
The Carnival Town Providing for the
Entertainment of Future
Guests.
TRUCKEE, Cau, Jan. 14.— Indications
are favorable for a heavy storm, and local
weather s-harps predict that there will be
several feet of snow piled up within the
next few days. The usual cold snap which
follows those storms will place the ice
palace in the best possible condition.
Preparations are going rit:ht along for the
entertainment of future visitors, and
dances and other amusements are being
arranged.
The lecture to be given by William G.
Murphy on Saturday night has awakened
considerable interest and he will be greeted
by all the residents of Truckee. His sub
ject will be "The Dormer Party" and the
tact that he was a member of that unfor
tunate party gives him every opportunity
to vividly portray their sufferings.
The majority of the excursionists who
came last week to view the carnival have
returned to their homes, although several
of Sunday's visitors remained over to take
in other points of interest in the vicinity.
A meeting of carnival directors was held
to-day to consider the advisability of plac
ing an elevator in the tower to the tobog
gan slide. After a heated discussion it
was decided not to adopt it, as it would
entail too much expense and would not be
of material benefit.
John McDonald, the ice magnate of
Boca, was present and offered to place a
wall of dressed lumber around the in
terior of the skating-rink and have it
painted, at his own expense, if granted
certain privileges. Upon motion of one of
the directors the offer was accepted, and
work is to be commenced shortly.
Secretary Burckhalfer to-day received a
large number of aluminum "and bronze
souvenirs of the carnival. On one side is
an exact representation of the toboggan
slide, and on the other the ice palace.
They are round in shape and about the
size of a half dollar.
The management is taking advantage of
all opportunities, and is making valuable
improvements to the palace. Arches are
being placed over the windows and doors,
and huge Dine trees are being appropri
ately arranged. From Director-General
McGlashan it was learned that 1387 people
have visited his tower within the past
three weeks.
BAK ERSFIEI.I) UURGLARS.
Unsuccessful Attempt to Crack a Safe in
a JTetM Store.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 14.—Burg
lars made an unsuccessful attack upon the
safe in the McDonald newsstore a t an
early hour this morninz. ,ln the same
room is the 'Western Union office, and the
operator is on duty until midnight. The
burglars must have watched his departure
and at once entered the place and began
operations upon the safe.
Four holes were drilled into the door,
three entirely through and one only part
way. This took a long time, and about 4
o'clock the burglars were frightened away
by the coming of a Chinaman to clean out
a saloon next door. Detective Brighton,
who captured Bandit Evans, happened to
be here, and he is following up a clew
which will probably lead to the arrest of
Ihe burglars. They stole about $20 worth
of cigars before decamping.
STOCKTON I'IONEER GOXJE.
A Once Wealthy Early Settler Hies in
l'overty.
STOCKTON, Cal. ; Jan. 14.-T. J. Tucker,
a San Joaquin pioneer, died last evening,
aged G5, at the County Hospital. Tucker
manufactured the first brick in Central
California, and nearly all of the materials
used in the old structures of this section
were of his make. He accumulated a
fortune, lost it late in life ami died, a poor
man. He leaves a small family.
♦ —
Three livnths at J'allejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 14.— Mrs. J. F.
Tohin, A. Gorham and J. J. Halliaan, all
Ola residents of Yallejo, are dead.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
LAST OF THE COWAN.
The Big Ship Dashed to
Pieces on the Rocks at
Carmanah.
NOTHING TO BE SAVED.
Futile Mission of the Tyee to
Bring off the Stranded.
Vessel.
DEFENSE OF THE CAPTAIN.
Mate Legalle Denies the Charge That
His Superior Officer Was
Drunk.
PORT TOWNBEND, Wash., Jan. 14.—
Captain Gove of the tug Tyee, which,
with the tugs Holyoke and Pioneer, was
sent from here yesterday to rescue the re
mainder of the crew of tha bark Janet
Cowan, telegraphed to-day that the vessel
was & total wreck and there was nothing
to save from her. The men had reached
Carmanah Point and been taken to Vic
toria before the tugs arrived.
Mute Charles Legalle of the wrecked
bark Janet Cowan consented this after
noon to make a full statement regarding
the wreck, the character and behavior of
the captain and the handling of the vessel,
and he dictated the following while lying
on his cot at the Marine Hospital:
"In the lirst place, I want to deny em
phatically that there was any bad feeling
between Captain Thompson and myself on
the voyage, or that the captain refused to
ast or accept my advice at any time. Of
course there were little disagreements be
tween us at times, just as there always are
between captain and mate, but Captain
Thompson was one of the most forgiving
men I ever knew, and after having a tiff
with one of the officers or men during the
day, it was all over by the time he sat
down to table. He was gruff, but that
never caused any trouble between us.
"Captain Thompson was not a temper
ate man, and on the voyage I saw him the
worse for liquor a couple of times, but
during the last six weeks of the voyage he
did not have a drop of liquor of any kind,
because there was none on board. Besides
that. Captain Thompson did not seem to
care for it when he knew there was none
to be had, and at the time of the accident
he was perfectly sober, I am sure.
"It is well enough to talk of keeping off
the Vancouver shore, but that was impos
sible with the gale v/e had. It is true we
were closer inshore than we knew, be
cause we lost more ground than we
thougt in wearing ship. It is useless to
talk about following a schooner in, be
cause a schooner could be closehauled and
right up against the wind, but that
is impossible with a big ship that is light.
"In wearing out past Cape Flattery the
last time we were within four miles of the
light, but in getting back we lost so much
ground that we were close in and did not
know it because it was too thick to get our
bearings. The wind was not to be de
pended on, for it changed as much as
fourteen points during the night.
"At midnight Captain Thompson and I
discussed the advisability of wearing ship,
but he thought it best to wait a little
longer. Shortly after that we went below
together and were consulting charts when
the shout 'land ahead!' was given by
Second Mate Howell, and all hands were
ordered on deck immediately and ordered
to 'wear ship.' This was at 1 o'clock, and
although every effort was made to bring
her around, it could not be done in time,
and a half hour later she was on the rocks.
"The only complaint I have to make is
that the ship was not properly manned.
She had in 100 tons more ballast than on
her previous voyage from Cape Town to
Sydney, but she did not have men enough.
Something of the violence of the gale can
be told when the staysail was torn into
shreds while being hauled down before we
went on to the rocks, and yet the wind
shifted and was blowing off shore within
ten minutes after we struck. There was
good reason lor hurrying off the vessel,
because from the way she was pounding
on the rocks we thought she would surely
go to pieces within twenty-four hours.
"I want to say that I consider it a dis
grace for any civilized nation to leave such
a shore unprovided wifh signal stations of
some kind. There should be two stations
on that coast, so that vessels could take
their bearings and know where they are;
then there would be no more accidents of
this kind. Even if the Government had
sent out some patrol vessel along that
shore after the big storm we would all have
been rescued, as on the second day the
weather was fine, and boats could have
come right in after us. I will say that the
Cowan had a full complement of men, as
required by the Board of Trade of London,
and even three extra; but those matters
are easily arranged, and do not indicate
that the vessel is properly manned."
Legalle read the foregoing and said it
was correct in every particular, and would
be his testimony before the British Vice-
Consul when called upon.
S3IVGGZERS OF OPIUM.
H.ivtiiictn Authorities Tricked by a
Fuget Sottnd Ring.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 14.—
The seizure of the smuggling schooner
Henrietta by the Hawaiian authorities,
with opium aboard, has been the cause of
all sorts* of smuggling stories. One story
that the case recalled was the seizure sev
eral months ago at Hawaii of some 2l'oo
pounds of opium. This was owned by
Port Townscnd people, and the same ring
is still carrying on business. The drug is
j smuggled across from Victoria with little
difficulty and placed aboard the lumber
schooners that «>nii from the Sonnd. The
Hawaiian officials are not expecting it
through this channel, and consequently it
is disposed of with little difficulty at the
handsome price of $27 per pound.
TULAItE'S 810 DITCH.
Tlie Katreah Company* Waterway la
■ ..Rearing Completion.
VISALIA. Cal.,. Jan. 14.— Kaweah
Irrigation and Power Company is busily
engaged in prosecuting a \ .work that
will do much to transform , the
whole eastern pait of the county
contiguous to ' Visalia. Tho . company
has forty men : at work now, and the
upper ditch is completed for a distance of
15,000 feet. The completed part includes
the flumes and all the more difficult sec
tions except the. tunnel, and nearly all of
this has been done in the last two months.
Including tho lower ditch, wiiich will be a
continuation. O the. Pogue ditch and will
Cia&?V:i*BS-'V'' "■ "- ■ . "■ •" s ti*lfi»m?~\> — T ii i tWTTI ringing? Tiiirrrfi ., i. v.n,, '
skirt the foothills to a point opposite
Exeter, it will require three or four months
to complete the work.
The company has so far used five tons
of dynamite in blasting rock. It found
more hard rock than was expected, and
has been compelled to use only the best
imported Firth steel. The work on the
upper ditch 13 well done. It will carry
water enough to make a discharge of 200
cubic feet per second. The lower end will
be 152 feet above the bed of Kaweah River.
Men are at work yet on the flume across
Horse Creek.
The lower ditch will have to be ce
mented. It will be flumed across the
lokohl River, where it debouches onto
the plain. The ditch will be extended to
Lindsay as soon as the demand will jus
tify this extension.
THE DALLES' SAD CASE.
Mi** Annie Brown Crazed by Brooding
Over a Lecture on Heredity.
THE DALLES, Ob., Ja^. 14.-A sad
affliction has overtaken Miss Annie Brown,
daughter of A. A. Brown. For some time
the young lady has been in failing health,
and Saturday morning she showed unmis
takable signs of insanity. An examina
tion was conducted by Dr. Doane and
Judge Blakeley and the unfortunate girl
was committed to an asylum.
The trouble has been long in coming, as
for many weeks she has been brooding
over the suicide of an nncle. A Professor
Riddell delivered a lecture on "Heredity"
at The Dalles recently, and Miss Brown
attended.
Bhe took a deep interest in the lecture,
because oi the fact that three of her uncles
were insane, Since that time her condi
tion became worse until Saturday morn
ing, when a violent outbreak occurred.
She is in fear that she may kill herself.
El, DORADO MIKE BALES.
Heavy Investment Believed to Have Been
Made by Mackay and Flood.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Jan. 14.— Several
propositions for undeveloped mining prop
erties and negotiations for two well ad
vanced in development, all in El Dorado
County, and involving several hundred
thousand dollars, are approaching comple
tion.
The recent transfer by F. C. Irwin to A.
E. Head of eleven properties in the north
portion of the county is a matter of public
record. A rumor, seemingly well founded,
that John W. Mackay and James Flood
are associated in the enterprise is current
on the streets. The fact that Mr. Mackay
and Mr. Head made a personal inspection
of the premises last autumn adds strength
to the rumor. 'Development work is in
active progress on Mr. Head's properties.
OLYMFIA I'AVPER MADE RICH.
A $16,000 Judgment Against the Great
Northern.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 14.— The
Supreme Court in Olympia in affirm
ing judgment in the case of Ph'.lip Boyle
vs. the Great Northern Railroad Company
from Spokane has made a wealthy man
out of a pauper.
The jury gave a verdict for $26,000, the
largest ever given in that part of the conn
try, but Judge Arthur cut the amount
down |11, 000.
The amount for which judgment was
given has been drawing interest at the
rate of $103 per month for several months,
so tha sum for which judgment was
given by the Supreme Court amounts to
about $16,500.
Boyle is and has been a pauper In the
Spangle poorhouse the past two years.
TWO RIVERSIDE WRECKS.
Train Employe* Injured in . Railroad
Ditasters.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Jan. 14.— A wreck
occurred on the Southern California
branch road, between this city and Elsi
nore, yesterday, a mixed train leaving
the track. W. B. Dean, the baggageman,
wan caught under an overturned coach.
Several of his ribs were broken, and he was
otherwise injured. The cause of the wreck
is not known.
Later in the day another wreck oc
curred on the motor line near the city
limits, in which Conductor W. Polk suf-'
fered a broken leg. The disaster occurred
while the motor engine was being used to
push a work train up a slight grade.
— — . •
Vancouver's Alleged Firebug.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 14.-Robert
Barker, a prominent real estate man, was
sent to jail to-day, to await trial for burn
ing down a business block for insurance
money. A witness swore Barker tried to
hire ono Osmond McDonald for $200 to
burn the building. He refused and Barker
burned it himself. Subsequently Barker
pressed McDonald for money for rent, and
McDonald told the story.
Burglary at I'etaluma.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan., 14. —The
jewelry-store of C. Truelson on Main
street was robbed this evening of every
watch it contained. Truel&on had locked
the place when he went to supper, and on
his return discovered his loss. Not the
slightest clew to the thieves lias been dis
covered.
lilerccd's Liquor License, Lowered.,
MERCED, Cal., Jan. 14.— The Board of
Supervisors, by a vote of three to two, re
duced the liquor license from $600 a year
to $200. The new ordinance does not affect
suits in court for back licenses, which
amount to several thousand dollars.
Fire 2\ear Cloverdale.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Jan. 14.— A barn
on the Kunst place, two miles east of
town , near Sulphur Creek, was burned to
the ground last night with all its contents,
including four valuable horses.
POISONED SEVEN CHILDREN.
Then the Despondent Mother Committed
Suicide by Hanging Herself
From a Rafter.
ST. JOSEHH. Mo., Jan. 14.-A terrible
traeedy is reported here to-night which
occurred at Marysville, Kans. On a farm
six miles south of Marysville resided Jos
eph Hildebrandt, his wife and family of
eight children, the latter ranging from 2
to 14 years' of age.
This forenoon his wife, becoming de
spondent, administered poison to the chil
dren and seven have died. The other is
not expected to live. Then she completed
the work of destruction by hanging herself
to a rafter.
Hildebrandt was being treated at All
Saints' Hospital, in this city, for cancer
ous affection of the face, but was dis
charged from there yesterday, and it is
thought he started for his home this
morning.
An Abtconder Arretted.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 14.-Chief
of Detectives Miler to-Uay received a dis
patch from Tampa, FJa., announcing the
arrest at that place of Benjamin Johnson,
the stock-broker who absconded from Phil
adelphia a week ago with a shortage of
about $15,000 in his accounts.
Shot Ilia Mother and Himself.
OGDENSBURG, N. V., Jan. 14.—Wil
liam Oswell, aged 33 years, to-day shot his
mother, Mrs. Virginia L. Oswell, aged 64,
three times, killing her, and then shot
himself. He was undoubtedly insane from
worry over financial matters.
lillZD.
COLEMAN— In this city, Jannary 14, 1896, Har
ris, beloved husband of Hora toleman. and father
Adolpli, Abe, Louis aud Alexander Colcruan
and .Mrs. Annie Benrend, a native of Germany,
.Notice of funeral hereafter.
EDWARDS-In Son Mateo, January 15, 1898,
Thomas M. Edwards, a native Of Sag Harbor,
Mn S ijUad, aged 68 years. - X M^ '
SAN RAFAEL TRIALS.
Marin County Supervisors
Are Sitting as a
Court.
SALOON CASES ARGUED.
Liquor Dealers Charged With
Violating the County
Ordinance.
MANY WITNESSES TESTIFY.
Minors Swear That They Purchased
Drinks of the Accused
Men.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 14.— Intense
interest ha 3 been created by the trial of
Marin County liquor cases before the
Board of Supervisors sitting as a court.
This afternoon two cases were submitted
to the Supervisors for decision and a third
one commenced, but continued until to
morrow on account of the non-appearance
of one of the county's most important wit
nesses.
These cases are the outcome of the re
port recently rendered by the Grand Jury,
which stated that liquor was being openly
sold to minors, and that the saloons were
being kept open after- 11 o'clock at night,
which is forbidden by the licenses. The
cases were brought in the name of the peo
ple upon the information of Henry Harri
son, Tax Collector of Marin County, who
charged the defendats with selling liquor
after 11 p. m. and also selling to minors.
"When the Board of Supervisors went
into session to-day the members consti
tuted themselves a court to hear the cases.
The first called was the people against
Peter Crane. After District Attorney
Martinelli had read the information Hep
burn 'Wilkins made an eloquent plea to
have the matter dismissed, claiming that
the case was not in the jurisdiction of the
Supervisors. Mr. Wilkins was overruled.
Lewis Smith, a young man attired in a
black sweater, testified that he was a
butcher in San Rafael, had lived there
about eis;ht years and ought to know the
town. He had never seen Crane sell
liquor to minors.
Elisha Dußois stated that he haa been
in Crane's saloon after 11 o'clock, but the
frcnt doors were always locked. He had
seen paraes played lor money. He had
never been able to set in after 11 o'clock
at night. Ernest Dußois had been in
after 11 o'clock and had been served by
Crane.
Walter Roberts, a boy of 16 years, testi
fied that he had boueht a flask of whisky
from Crave and paid for it. A few hours
later he went back to get more and Crane
refused to give it to him. He told a
straight story, and all efforts to break him
down proved unavailing.
Peter Crane, the defendant, then went
upon the stand. He said that the boy had
told him that his mother wanted the
whisky and he pave it to him. In a short
time the lad came back for more, saying a
man at the corner wanted it. Crane re
fused to sell him any more and ordered
him from the saloon. Crane said he never
sold drinks to minors, and always kept an
orderly place.
The case was then submitted without
argument, ana the Board of Supervisors
took it under advisement.
The next case, that against Peter
Klumpf, was not completed, as one of the
witnesses failed to show up. Robert
Curry, a lad of 15, testified that he got two
beers at Klumpf's saloon. A bench war
rant was issued for Matt Maguire, who
failed to appear, and the case will be
finished to-morrow morning.
The case against A. Capperman was sub
mitted, and the Supervisors have promised
to give a decision in the morning. The
interest in the trial continued un
abated all afternoon, and the people look
forward to the decision with eagerness.
SEARCH MR A* jyCEyjiIAST.
James McCue Believes He Has Located
the Man Who fired His Jiarn.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan 11.— James
McCue, the Larkspur farmer and horse
man, says he i 3 on the trail of the man
who fired his barn some time ago. The
man was formerly employed by McCue as
a farmhand, but lie loved liquor too devot
edly, and onre McCue refused to pay him
for the time he was on a debauch.
In revenge the fellow set fire to the barn.
Seven valuable horses were destroyed and
in the ruins were found the "charred
remains of a human being. Since the barn
was burned down McCaehas been persist
ent in his search for the incendiary and
now hopes to have his hands upon him in
a lew days.
ADVOCATES OF PURE FOOD.
Opening of the Third Annual
Convention of the National
Dairy Union.
Ex-Governor Hoard of Wisconsin Tells
of the Necessity of Shutting Out
Spurious Goods.
CHICAGO, 1i,1., Jan. 14.—Representa
tives of the diary associations of nearly
twenty States and delegates from the
produce and mercantile Boards of Trade
of the principal cities were present this
evening at the opening session at the
Sherman House of the third annnal con
vention of the National Dairy Union.
This organization has for its main object
the promotion of legislation to prevent the
fraudulent sale of adulterated food pro
ducts, both oleomargerine and filled
cheese.
In the absence from the city of Mayor
Swift the delegates were welcomed by
Health Commissioner Kerr, and a re
sponse was made by Hon. James Hewes
of Baltimore. Ex-Governor Hoard of
Wisconsin, president of the union, then
delivered a brief address. The sentinien,t
of the country, he said, was pronounced
against the adulteration of foods.
It might be laid down as a settled prin
ciple that the honest food of the country
had a right to the market as against the
counterfeit, in the interest of the people
and aside from the fact that every pound
of spurious goods sold deprived the farmer
of that much market. It was a matter of
congratulation that in no less than twenty
two States there was stringent legislation
against the adulteration of food products,
while the movement wa3 in process of
concentration in several other common
wealths. In the South especially the ef
forts of the union were making progress,
while since the new law in Missouri went
into operation the traflic in adulterated
dairy products had decreased nine-tenths.
The speaker went on to say that for
years he had labored to improve the stan
dard of Wisconsin cheese until it was
quoted at the ton notch in the foreign
markets, and yet to-day "lilled"' cheese,
mostly made in Illinois, was being ex
ported to such an extent that the protests
were coming in from boards of trade, and
importers in England and even the United
States had been approached on the subject.
This demonstrated the need of a National
law by which the exportation of filled
cheese might be prohibited.
After the appointment of committees
the convention adjourned until to-morrow
morning, when ex-Congressman Hatch of
Missouri and Dairy Commissioners Board
man of lowa and Adams of "Wiscorlsin and
Congressman Wilbur of New York will
speak on State and National legislation.
STRUGGLE FOR SENATORS HIPS.
Foraker to Succeed Brice in Ohic—Black
burn Probably Beaten in
Kentucky.
COLUMBUS, Omo, Jan. 14.— The two
branches of the General Assembly voted
| separately to-day for United States Sena
. tor to succeed Senator Brice. In the Sen
ate the vote stood: Foraker 29, Brice 6,
Groot 1.
In the House the vote stood: Foraker
87, Brice 21, Blandin 1, Thomas 1, Neal 1,
Kagy 1. Every Republican voted for
Foraker. Four Democrats refused to vote
for Brice.
To-morrow the two branches will meet
in joint session and conclude the election
of ex-Governor Foraker to succeed Sena
tor Brice.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. M.— Senator
Joseph C. Blackburn has abandoned all
hope of his election. He and his rnana
; gers have conceded the fact, and one of
I the most prominent, Phil B. Thompson
j Jr., has left the scene of action and re
{ turned to Washington. The only reraain-
I ing straw at which they are clutching is
j the hope that some plan may be adopted
I upon which the election of Dr. Hunter
can be prevented.
Senator Blackburn said to-day to one of
the men who will vote for him If an elec
tion is held, that this can only be done by
revolutionary methods.
ANNAPOLIS, Md. : Jan. 14.— The Gen
eral Assembly at noon began balloting for
a United States Senator to succeed Gibson.
It will continue to cast a vole each day un
til the selection be made. "Wellington led
on the first bailor.
CA.PTAI2T AZZEX'S DEFAZC ATIOy.
Over Ttco Hundred Thousand Dollars
Appropriated.
BEVERLY FARMS, Mass., Jan. 14.—
The defalcation of Captain John Alien has
created great excitement in Manchester.
The amount involved is said to be even
greater than at first thought, and as figured
at present will probably foot up over $200,
--000. In addition to the amount appro
priated from the Roberts estate, evidence
is shown of his peculation from two other
estates entrusted to him. Mr. Allen re
fuses absolutely to make any statement.
No criminal proceedings have yet been
begun.
The rhciis Tournament.
ST. PETERSBURG, RmsXA, Jan. 14.—
The first sitting of the fifth rouud in the
international chess tournrment resulted as
follows: Tschigorin beat Pillsbury after
forty-eight moves* Lasker beat Steinitz
after forty-four moves. Tschigorin and
Lasker played the whites, selecting the
Ruy Lopez in each case for the opening.
The score: Lasker, won BU. lost 1' 2 ; Tills
bury, won C^, lost G>i ; Steinitz, won c..,
loat6?-<; Tschigorin, won 4Jf, lost 8)^,
NEW TO-DAT.
! LIFE HOT WORTH LIVING.
1 She Preferred Non-existence to an
Existence Without Health.
A dispatch from Chicago reports the sui-
cide of a woman who, having suffered for
a long time with malaria, became despond-
i cnt.
, Calling to mind the many thousands
who are afflicted with that obstinate and
j unrelenting foe of human health and hap-
: piness—malaria in it 3 various hideous
j — there seems urgent need to give-
I still preater publicity to the one and only
successful remedy.
Peruvian Bark is known as the most
powerful antimalarial article in medical
science; the difficulty is in introducing it
into the system. In the concentrated form
of quinine it is too violent in its action
; and cannot be taken long enough continu-
; ously to eradicate malarial poisons without
; othewise disordering the system.
Peruvian Bitters is a scientific blend of
! Peruvian Bark with other medicinal herbs i
j and fine California Brandy. It is not only
! antimalarial in its action, but it is an abso-
; lutely perfect tonic. It supplies the active
. principle of Peruvian Bark in continuous
; small quantities, while it so tones and in-
; vigorates the entire system, especially the
i digestive functions, as to produce the best
; possible condition for a cure. There is no
case on record where Peruvian Bitters have
failed. Reader, if you aro not afflicted
perhaps some suffering friend or acquaint-
ance thank you to bring this to his
notice. ■■'■ :."."-■• •■;■
I Mack & Co., San Francisco. All dealers
and druggists.
FAI L o
O
*?* MSSr' ■ • • • .» t*»- ;
DO^TQi SWEAIY, 1
B BB tzsvnß »■ B a
WELL KNOWN BY HIS LONG REPI-
P,r.;^ Pn aU d successful practice on the
25&f ° ast i S uaran tee 3 a prompt and
re f ever^ case he undertakes.
Thousands of genuine testimonials on file
%%n&ssr Poortreateii *~ «
NERVOIS DEBILITY
Iwpotency. v eakness of sexual organs, loss
»h nh , ood - ni S>« emissions, exhausting driivl
wh,ch unht one for study. btuineM or nTan iaJe
le a man ***•&** success. Get cured aid*
_ PRIVATE,
Lrinary and kidne y. ailments, sexual di<s-
t^n S i°L ever 7 Bort ' Mood - Bkln and constitu-
lSi dseas f: rupture, piles, varicocele and
AVUITE
At once if living out of the city. Thon^and-j
cured at home; Boo* 011 Special Disc a ° sent
free nthmenesenbing their tronbie?
Office Hol'rs-9 a.m. to 12 m.. 2 to 5 and 7 ta
8 P. ji.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 13 m. only.
>„_ *• I" SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market Street* si. t\. C»U
And "Has-Beens" Ars the Melan-
choly Fates of 100 Many of Our
Younger Generation.
If you have erre-3 in youth, if your <-yea
lack luster, if you have used your system
up, if you have disordered your liver or
misuse/! your kidneys you should take tho
Great Hudyan. You can pet it for certain
diseases, but you must first make applica-
tion to the Hudson Medical Institute.
Hudyan cures certain forms of liver and
kidney affections, impaired vitality and
loss of strength. Hudyan is efficacious
where other remedies have failed.
Hudyan will Wt{w 8 shattered nerves
stop the wafting Wj!|%l™ Hudyan is a
away of tissue Btfef-yWI power when
and will build up npij&j rightly use<l.
the nervous sys- afti. : jaX You must send
tern. Hudyan jiplwi for circulars and
strengthens, * in- ijjjj ji| testimonials of
vigorates and !jp H the Great Hod.
tones the entire BJ||MsH yan. Write to
system. Hudyan \m l£ the
cures certain %'Mi &
forms of lost Wm HUDSON
manhood, certain IfplfHa. MEDICAL
peculiar cases of SpSf^a INSTITUTE.
■ /■' ■' ■
TAINTED BI,()O!)- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing eerms. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-'-oiored snots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair." You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by-writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets.
LIVER— When your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. Yon will noiice many symptoms
that you really have and many that ycu really
do not have. "You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, :
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live ripia
lives— use up their kidneys. It you wiih to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or b tter, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kldney3,"
sent free. __
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAX FRANCISCO, CAL-
NOTICE HIR BIDS.
Notice Inviting Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordi-
nance providing for the issuance and Ea'.e of
bonds for the town oi Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the said town of Lincoln for
fire and other municipal purposes, passed and
approved the 17th day ol December, ISOS,
ordained that there shall be issued by the said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of £500 each, bearing interest at the rat©
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Cierk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by the
Board of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to sell said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date the
ilrst Monday in January, 1896, and are to be
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond to be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1597. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be made
payable on the first Monday in January in each
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, In the said
town of Lincoln, I'laeer County, State of Cali-
fornia, and to each of said boads there is to bo
attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond in ques-
tion has to run beforo its mat'irity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be receivea by the clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at his office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice up to the hour of 7 o'clock r. K. of the
31st day of January, IS9O, and that thereafter
said bonds will be sold by the Board oi Trus-
tees of Eaid town to the highest and best bid-
der for cash in gold coin of tne United states.
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to accept or reject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. .SaM bonds
will bo delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bonds of the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty, both
inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must ba
| paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the same are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent ol
the purchase price payable to the Batd town of
Lincoln, and conditioned thai laid purchaser
shall' within ten days after receiving notice
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and pay ior
fame as delivered; and that a failure to take
up and pay for same within the time herein
specified shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself,
and the sum mentionea in said undertaking
shall be held and considered as liquidated
damages; and said undertaking may be sued
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages. A deposit
in tho United States postoflice of said town of
Lincoln of a notice of linessto deliver said
bonds signed by the said clerk of the said town
and wltn the »eal of said town aiiixed, ad-
dressed to the purchaser of said bonds at his
place of business or residence as stated in bis
bid for said bonds, piepald, £hall be deemed
and taken to be notice to the purchaser from
the date of such depo3it, and there shall also
bo embodied in said undertaking the pur-
chaser's assent to the form and sufficiency of
such notice.
Dated December 31, 1593.
F. 1.. Saxdebs, Town Clerk.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEABSVAND WASJIIXOTOX 9TB.—
modeled .in! renovated. XI Nt WARD <fc UOt.
Kuropeau plan, ltooms 60c to $1 50 per day, J j
to ?t> per week, $8 to $30 per month: iree bailu:
bet •mi cold water every room; tiro gratia la OTttjf
loom; elevator runs ftU ftsutDECLARES ITS
INDEPENDENCE.
The Panama Railroad Out
in a Ringing Mani
festo.
.
ITS POSITION DEFINED.
Asserts It Is Not in Any Sense
a Creature of the Pacific
Mail.
THROUGH RATES IN ITS HANDS.
Its Ancient Rival and the Trans
continental Lines Virtually
in Its Power,
In order to retain the goodwill and Bup
port of the merchants of San Francisco
the Panama Railroad Company is out in a
declaration of independence, so far as the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company and the
transcontinental railroad lines are con
cerned, and defines its relations to its for
mer competitor and its influence on the
through -freight rate situation.
"\Y n h the announcement of t fie signing
of the agreement between the Panama
Railroad Company ami the Pacific Mail
Reani?hip Company there sprang up a
feeling among merchants and shippers
that i&e Panama Railroad Company had
surrendered its independence and had
fallen once more under the control of ( . P.
Huntington.
This was a matter of some disappoint
ment to every one interested in the estab
lishment and maintenance of reasonable
rates. It was believed that the apparent
consolidation of the Panama and Pacific
Mail companies meant the cessation of all
genuine and active competition with the
transcontinental lines and that the latter
Lad virtual control of all through business
Between the Pa< ific and Atlantic sea
boards.
E ii a view v.as strengthened by the
announcement shortly after the agreement
had been ratified that the steamship
facilities, both on the Atlantic and Paciiic
sides of the continent, were inadequate to
handle ihe traffic offered, and that con
liderable business that had previously
fone via the Panama route would have to
\ed by the all-rail routes. Then came
ler circumstance that appeared to be
rnatory of the original
.of the shippers. Overland freight
rates wre advanced, and for the reason, as
declared by the railroad people, that the
Eteamer facilities were Inadequate to meet
the situation. Next followed tne announce
ment <>f the Pacific Mail that eastbound
rates via Panama would be advanced.
the climax, so far as the Panama
Kail road Company is concerned, came
when it saw the statement published in a
contemporary, and credited to General
Freight Agent Smurr of the Southern Pa
cific Company, that the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company contemplated run
ning only an occasional steamer to Pan
ama with through freight from New York,
ai:d intended virtually to discontinue its
regular fan Francisco-Panama service.
This latter statement has since, however.
been denied by the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. In the meantime the pat>er
containing this erroneous report reached
New York and fell under the notice of the
Panama Kailroad Company's otlicials
there, and they at once telegraphed to
their agent in this City as follows:
E. H. Hirtton, General Agent Panama Railroad
Company. San Francisco : Emphatically contra
dict published statements in your City that
pacific Mail is to withdraw its regular steam
ers tween San Francisco and Panama, so far
as the .-Ha Francisco-New York business is
Concerned.
Pacific Mail is pledged to run line of steam
ers to Panama to furnish our three ships with
til freight they require, now not less than
1000 tons each.
Correct in positive unqualified language any
distortions or erroneous statements mislead
ing to shippers or detrimental to us.
Panama Railroad Company.
On the strength of the virtual command
contained in this telegram to define the
on of the Panama Railroad Com
properly and clearly to the people of
this coast, Mr. Hinton yesterday vouch
safed an interview on the subject, in which
he stated in unmistakable words that the
Pinama Railroad Company is and intends
to continue entirely independent as a com
petitor of the transcontinental railroads
for through bus-ineps. According to the
terms of the newly signed agreement, as in
terpreted by him, the Pacific Mail Steam
bhip Company, far from being the domi
nant power in the new compact, is in
reality completely subordinate to its for
mer plucky rival. So far does this go that
in all conferences that may be held be
tween the transcontinental lines and the
mies engaged in the isthmus, traffic,
the representative of the Panama Railroad
Company is to be the only acknowledged
agent of the isthmus route interests.
"You are aware, Mr. Hinton," said the
interviewer, "that there is a general belief
that the Panama Railroad Company has
virtually abandoned the through trarhc
between San Francisco and New York on
account of its recent arrangement with the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company."
Mr. Hinton promptly replied as follows:
Yes, I am awar<: there is a very generalcon
viction among the merchants that the Pan
ama Railroad Company has surrendered,
"horse, foot and dragoons," to the transconti
nental rail interests, and that hencefonvnrd it
will retire from the carrying of any traffic in
competition with said lines. In view of the
feet that thjs conviction has absolutely noth
ing in the actual conditions to sustain it, It
seems •juite remarkable that it should be so
universal. The Panama Uai'rroad Company
has no intention of abandoning the coastwise
traffic between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts
of the United States, and there is nothing in
the new contract which can or will be per
mitted to interfere with its maintaining a
close ana active identity with that traffic.
This might bo doubted if the situation were
the same to-day that it was prior to 1893, when
the Panama Railroad was a subsidiary and an
obscure link in the Panama route, wholly de
pendent upon its steamship connections at
Colon niid Panama, and without the right to
make the rates or the power to compel a proper
development of the traflic in both directions,
liut to-day the situation is reversed.
The Panama Railroad Company is no longer
a siient partner in the joint line, but is a rec
ognized and potential member of the linn. As
a guarantee of sustaining this prominent atti
tude, it bought and now owns its own fleet in
the Atlantic, operated under the nturie 01 the
Columbian line and plying between New York
and Colon, thus giving it a through line from
New York to I'anamH. This makes it inter
ested In the New York and Kan Francisco trade
to the extent of 55 per cent, and it is not rea
sonable to suppose that it will close its line
against a traffic, of which it has demonstrated
it- ability to rarry so large a volume and from
which it derives this reasonable share of the
earning!.
I understand the contract gives your com
pany the right to name westbound rates. Now,
if it is the intention of your company to be
identified with this traffic, why did you dis
continue all quotations on westbound traffic at
this end of the line?
You are right; the contract gives us the ex
clusive right to make the westbound grates,
and my diteontinuing quotations here on this
business is purely temporary. It arises from
the fact that we ure now doing the Central
American business from New York which was
heretofore done by the Pacific Mail ships. The
retiring of those ships from the Atlantic ser
vice throws the traffic referred to on our
Columbian line ships, and this leaves a lim
ited ■J 3paCe for the California business. To
avoid the possible embarrassing complications
of quoting rates without being able to guaran
tee room; of having freight snipped to our
line from outlying points around New York
and having it refused on account of scarcity of
room, and .other like complications, we con
cluded it would be better to make no quota
tions here until we have increased our facili
ties in the Atlantic.
It is the intention of the company to add to
the Columbian line, so as to have a weekly
Berviee between New York and Colon, which
will be done at the earliest practicable
moment. In the meantime John Muir, our
traffic manager, is quoting westbound rates in
New York and engaging California cargo to
the extent required by the present limited
room. As soon as additional ships are put on
we will want quite as much, if not more, of the
California traffic than we have ever enjoyed,
and our temporary withdrawal of rates should
not be supposed to indicate any lack of interest
in the business on our part. It is the inten
tion of our company to maintain an agency in
San Francisco, and apart from looking after the
general interests of the line in any direction it
will be the duty of the agent to quote rates on
and look after westbound business particularly.
This in itself is significant of the independent
altitude of the company, since it would not go
to the expense of looking after a business from
which it had determined to retire.
How about eastbound business? Are you as
much interested in rhat as in the westbound
business, and, if bo, why did you surrender
the right to make the rates?
We are quite as much interested in one as in
the other, and we will be found quite as
anxious to develop the eastbouna trafhc as in
the past. As to the rate-making power it is
always the rule among transportation lines
for trie line originating the business to make
the rates, and in this the contract simply
follows long usage. But because the Panama
people do not make the rates eastbound it by
no means follows that they have retired from
the trattic. The contract pledges each party to
obtain for the I'anaina route all the freight
business that can possibly be secured with a
Bingle eve to the interests of that route.
If either party to the agreement should fail
to make promptly such rates from San Fraii
cisco or New York as are necessary to furnish
to the l'anama route its full chare of the traffic
in either direction In competition with the
rail lines", then such failure would be a viola
tion of the contract. It is obvious from this
i that while the Panama Railroad does not make
i the rates on enstbound business its relinquish
i ment of 1 li«t privilege is not a surrender of the
I traffic, and that it will always have a very lively
interest and controlling influence in the gen
eral rate situation is distinctly assured uuder
the terms o( the agreement.
When you refer to giving the Panama route
its "full share" of traffic, what do you mean?
.V i resent this is limited only "by our capa
| city, which I have explained, is considerably
lessened by reason of our taking on the Central
; American cargo from New York and from
i olon. The general merchandise movement to
that territory is heavy southbound from New
York and the cotl'ee movement from that terri
tory is also heavy northbound from Colon, so
that our "full share 1 ' now of the California
traffic, either east or west bound, is a great deal
less than we have, formerly carried and very
much less than we shall require when we shall
have increased our fleet in the Atlantic.
The impression is general that your company
is about to enter a combine to advance rates
for the benefit of the overland lines; is this
true ?
It is reasonable to suppose that an advance
will be reached at some time. As transporta
tion people we want to get a fair return for the
service rendered, and we would be glad to see
rates restored to a reasonable and remunera
tive basis, but it is ridiculous to suppose that
we are controlled by other interests than our
own in advaucing any rates. Of course the
rates will probably be made by agreement with
the interested lines, as uniformity in rates can
be reached in no other way, but the Panama
.Railroad's representative, Mho has under the
contract the exclusive right to conduct such
negotiations, will join in the advance solely
in the interests of the Panama route, and not
in the interest of any overland line or combi
nation of lines.
The Panama Kailroad has not sold out nor
surrendered, and its interest in the transcon
tinental traffic is not one whit less keen than
it has been during the last three years. To
quote the language of our president. J. Kd
ward Simmons, the Panama officials, in formu
lating a contract, "made it an indispensable
condition that the Panama Railroad should be
I kept open as an independent and active com-
I petitor of the transcontinental lines.' 1 One of
j the most marked features of the new agree
ment Is the strong guarantee it affords of the
! perfect independence of the Panama route,
and the line is entitled to just as cordial sup
port now from the merchants of San Francisco
as though the Panama Kailroad Company
were operating its own Eteamers in the Pacific.
HAS THE LION'S SHARE
Railroads After Some of the
Southern Pacific's Immigrant
Business.
Excessive Commissions Said to Have
Been Paid in the Securing
of Trade.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 14.—Representa
tives of the railroads in the Western Im
migrant Clearing-house wers in confer
ence to-day with Assistant General Traffic
Manager Hawley of the Southern Pacific
road in Chairman Caldwell's office for the
purpose of getting that road into the
clearing-house. The combined lines had
made a proposition to the Southern Pacific
for a division of the immigrant business,
the lion's share of which, it is alleged, is
being diverted across the continent via
New Orleans by the Southern Pacific paying
excessive commissions, if not directly then
through its immediate connection, the
Seaboard air line. Mr. Hawley made a
counter proposition to-day, and as the
conference adjourned at a late hour with
out reaching an agreement it is presumed
the Southern Pacific Company, which has
■a big natural advantage, wants a percent
age of the business the competing lines are
not disposed to grant. All the business
which passes through the Clearing-house
is being thrown to the Santa Fe at the
Missouri River, so as to drive the Southern
Pacific to terms if possible.
The Colorado passenger-rate war which
began yesterday was ended to-day by the
Union Pacific road giving notice to its
lighting connection, the Denver and Gulf,
tLat it would refuse to honor the cut-rate
tickets, and the war is still confined to
Colorado. Officials of the Rio Grande and
Gulf lines are on their way to Chicago to
confer with President Ripley of the Santa
Fe to bring peace among the three fight
ing lines regarding coal rates.
WRECKED O\ THE ItEEFS.
Total Destruction of the liritish Steamer
Yoxford.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 14.— Word
was received to-day from Progeso, Mex.,
that the British steamer Y'oxford, which
sailed from Colon on December 30 for the
Delaware Breakwater, via Port Limon,
Honduras, had been totally wrecked on
Alacrane reefs in the Gulf of Mexico and
that twelve of her crew were missing. She
was commanded by Captain Horsley.
Twelve of the crew reached the coast but
were unable to account for their missing
comrades. The lost vessel was owned by
Hunting cv. Son of London.
At the Cabinet Meeting.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 14.-Foreign
affairs were evidently not considered at the
Cabinet meeting to-day as Secretary Olney
was not present. He had a short interview
with the President this morning and re
turned to the State Department before the
meeting began. Mr. Olney's object in ab
senting himself from the White House
was to eive him opportunity for an inter
view with Senator Sherman, chairman of
the Senate Committee on Foreign Rela
tions. Mr. Olney and Mr. Sherman were
closeted for some time in Mr. Olney's
office.
A. Warehouse Hurned.
BUFFALO, N. \\, Jan. 14.— The ware
house of the Jewett Stove Works waa de
stroyed by lire early this evening. The
loss is estimated at $250,000, of which
$150,000 is ou stock. The origin of the
lire is unknown.
"Chitntnin l<'addcn" a Success.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 14.-The play
of "Chimmie Fadden" is a success. The
Journal, Advertiser, Record, Mercury
World and Times all speak well of the in-'
itial perforniace.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
RUSSIAN COUNT OR
SIBERIAN CONVICT
The Alleged Nobleman De
Toulouse Lutrec Said
to Be a Fraud.
OFFICIALS ABE EXCITED.
Consul-General V. Artsimovitch
Thinks the Traveler Is the
Notorious Savin.
A PRINCE OF THE SWINDLERS.
Savin Was Pretender to the Bulgarian
Throne and His Escapades Are
Famous.
The giant-sized, handsome Count dc
Toulouse Lutrec, who arrived here two
weeks ago from Siberia, is a most unfor-
THE -MAN KNOWN IN THIS CITY AS COUNT DE TOULOUSE LUTREC.
[Sketched from life b;/ a "Call " artist.]
tunate man if he is not the world-famed
adventurer and swindler, Savin, who was
once pretender to the throne of Bulgaria, j
Russian officials now in this City, among
them Consul-General Vladimir A. Art- j
simovitch, thinks that the man ,vho has ■
arrived here is the swindler.
Savin committed many offenses against
the laws of France, Germany, Austria,
Belgium, Russia and other countries. He
swindled many people, doing it in so ac
complished a way that he was a very
Napoleon.
His master stroke was in 1887 while Bul
garia was at war with Servia. Then he
appeared as claimant to the Bulgarian
throne. Many people believed in him and
his claim, and advanced a lar^e amount j
of money for him. Finally, for one of
numerous offenses, he was extradited to
Russia, and on conviction was sentenced
to a term of years in one of the colonies.
This term has recently expired.
Ie is pointed out as an odd thing that
just after the expiration of this term, a
man physically almost the exact counter
part of Savin should arrive here from Si
beria; next, that the man should bear the
name of Count de Toulouse Lutrec.
No other alleged Count of this name
was known in Siberia by the Russians who
have arrived here recentl}'. It is said that
as far as the Russian branch of the Tou
louse Lutrecs is concerned there are none
of the male line living. The family had
its origin in France.
Count do Toulouse Lutrec, or the pre
tender to that title, registered at the Pal
ace on his recent arrival. He changed,
however, almo.st immediately and went
to the Hotel Gailhard. On beine inter
viewed he gave out the statement that he
had been for two years in Siberia as a con
tractor on Russian railroads.
He said that he was by profession an
engineer. The alleged count said that he
was on his way to Paris. He told of the
money there was to be made in Siberia in
taking contracts for building the Russian
road. This, he said, he was anxious to
have known in California from purely
philanthropic motives.
Several railroad contractors came to see
him, among them F. Erickson, who lias
a contract in San Luis Obispo County for
grading on the Pacific Coast Railroad. Mr.
Erickson built a great deal of the Canadian
Paciiic, and also has built railroad? in
Africa. As a result of his conferences with
the Russian visitor it is said he has
bought his transportation for Vladivostock
and is to sail in a day or two.
The count said there were loads of
money in taking railroad contracts there.
He also said that we could send all our old
things to Vlaaivostock and get good
money for them. He deplored the fact
that there were no modern machinery and
appliances for railroad building in Russia,
and said that one object of his was to pur
chase extensive supplies on this line. He
was soon in telegraphic communication
with manufacturers in St. Louis, Colum
bus, Chicago and other places.
He is said to be a man of great enter
prises and purposes. He had also a great
admiration for the ladies and went into
raptures about their loveliness. Mean
time the count's callers continued. He
grew in importance apace.
What is regarded as a strange thing,
however, in that in all the time he was
here he did not call on the Russian
Consul-General. Another strange thing is
that none of the Russians who arrived in
from Vladivostok can remember any
railroad contractor of the name of Count
de Toulouse Lutrec. They think, too, that
they would surely nave known him had he
held a contract.
Consul-General Artsimovitch of Russia,
who was seen yesterday, said :
"I think it quite probable that this man
is Savin. The Jattei' has recently finished
his term and he would have about time
enough to comfortably get here." He de-
Ecribed Savin as a very shrewd big-brained
man, who had swindled many people
throughout Europe. His manners, he
said, were perfect, and he thought men
here were taking great chances with any
stranger who did not come well recom
mended.
A colonel commanding the Cossack
brigade in the Aruoor region, who arrived
here recently, had heard of ttie alleged
Count in Seattle, where he remained ser
erai days prior to coming here. TJie
colonel was told on the train, near Ta
coma, that a very distinguished country
man of his, namely, the Count de Tou
louse Lutrec, had been there. The colonel
had not heard of any Count Lutrec in Si
beria other than Savin, whom he knew.
He asked for a description of the Count.
It was given to him, and he was so well
convinced that it was the man who had
such a strange course in Europe that ho
told it all here, and advised his friends tc
be on their guard.
1 A strange thing about this Count To"-
louse after his arrival was that, though
according to his own story he had made
plenty of money on his railroad contract,
which according to one story was for
twenty-four miles of grading, and by an
other 120, he had collected material for a
book exposing the cruelties of Russian
prison life.
This book, he said, was to be a very
thorough one, of many thousands of
words. He said that it would surpass the
most tragic features of the stories of
George Keunan, and cause a sensation
throughout the world. How a man who
had made big profit from a Russian rail
road contract, and who expected to get
more contracts, could expect to bold these
contracts while exposing the Government
prisons he did not attempt to say. Those
who are suspicious of his movements,
however, think he got mixed up on bis
plans.
Anyway, the nobleman has gone right
along figuring and meeting his friends
every day.
A week ago B. A. Aldrich, a manufac
turer of St. Louis, arrived here and regis
tered at the Palace. He was not long in
meeting the Count de Toulouse. The up
shot of the meeting was that he took the
Count, has: and baggage, with him to St.
Louis; They left in the evening train yes
terday.
"I am going to furnish a lot of im
proved machinery for railroad building in
Siberia," said Tilr. Aldrich, as be was
ready to depart with the Count. "This
machinery will consist of plows, wheel
dumps and all the modern appliances used
in constructing railroad grades. I am
going to be a partner with the Count. "We
expect to take contracts for hundreds and
possibly thousands of miles of railroad. I
am taking the Count back with me and am
paying all his expenses."
If Count de Toulouse Lutrec is the real
Savin the falling in with Aldrich would,
according to the stories told, be as good a
thing as he could desire. Such things would
be right to the Russian's hand. Savin is
nimble of intellect and absorbs money
from all quarters with little effort.
Savin comes of a noble family in Rus
sia, lie is a finished French scholar and
understands many languages. He came
of a race of landholders. He is described
as a very lame, handsome man, with dark
brown or slight reddish hair and piercing
dark eyes. His age ought to be about 40
years.
Count de Toulouse Lutrec, who has the
misfortune to have one of the names that
Savin had, is something over six feet high.
His eyes are dark and piercing, his nos
trils very prominent, his hair dark and his
mustache and scraergly chin whiskers are
a sort of reddish brown. He cannot be
more than 40 or 45 years.
It is a curious thing, as those who know
something aboxit both aver, that there
should be so many resemblances in com
mon.
Savin was in the midst of his career
when about 30. He was extradited to St.
Petersburg, tried and convicted, and de
ported to Siberia. He was not, as is stated,
incarcerated in prison, but waa always
left under the eye of the police.
C. M. Grunwaldt, a great friend of the
Russian Fur Company until recently,
came from Vladivostok, had seen Savin
at a prior period. He then was smooth
faced, and in size a Hercules.
Mr. Grunwaldt never heard of any real
Count de Toulouse being in or about
Vladivostok when he was there. He
thinks it singular that, he should not, if
the former really was there.
Savin was sentenced to several years in
Siberia. It is thought he may have done
some work on the railroad in company
with other prisoners.
AT TOM £I*l SOS'S MISE.
Practical Conclusion of the Ore-Separat
ing jfroceas,
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. Thomas
Edison has just brought to a practical con
clusion his great ore-separating process at
the mine at Edison, near Ogden, N. J., on
which he has been at ■work for many years.
After overcoming obstacles that would
have conquered any less persistent experi
m nter. the process has at last been fin
ished and the great plant is in running
order.
The scheme is ah interesting one, in that
there is no human intervention during the
entire process from start to finish. "When
the cars of ore or rock are dumped in
large masses into the massive crushers
that form the first step in the process the
rest of the process In entirely automatic,
the crushed rock and ore being carried
automatically from one set of crushers to
another by means of endless belts and
bucket elevators, till the material is re
duced to the requisite fineness, and then
another series of belts and elevators carry
it to the separating house, where the ma
terial falls in a line stream across a field of
large electro-magnets, which divert the
iron from the direct line of fall and drop it
in one receptacle, while the refuse and rock
' fall into another. This process is re
i i>eated a number of times, till at last the
resultant product is pure magnetic oxide
of iron.
Automatic carriers take the iron or 6
thence to the bricking plant, where, Dy in
genious mechanism, ov^r which the great
inventor has spent thousands ot dollars in
experimentation, the ore is mixed with
binding material and pressed into small
bricks for convenience in handling. These
are then baked and are ready for the mar
ket. The sole remaining work of con
struction yet to be done is the building
rotary furnaces which shall bake the
bricks as they are delivered and turn them
out ;iutomatically. There are no mechan
ical or scientific difliculties connected with
this part of the process, and. these furnaces
are to be built as soon as the frost is out
of the ground in the spring.
FLAMES AT A. WRECK.
An Explosion Scatters Oil Over Many
J'ersons.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 11.— News has
been received here of a bad accident that
took place this morning on the Alleghany
Valley Railroad at a point fifty-eight
miles north of this city. A special freight
train struck the engine of a local freight,
which was standing on Mahoning bridge.
The force was so great that the local
freight-engine was knocked off the bridge
and fell into the Mahoning River, sixty
feet below.
At the same moment the boiler of the
wrecked, engine exploded, throwing
flaming coals in all directions and setting
tire to the bridge. From the bridge the
flames spread to the freight-train, and a
number of cars were burned..
During the lire an oil tank exploded,
scattering burning oil over the surround
ing crowd, which numbered fully 200
persons. Nearly every one in the crowd
was injured, some seriously.
JVo Questions Anawertd,.
LONDON, Eho., Jan. 14.— A meeting of
shareholders of the Barnato bank was
held in London this afternoon. Barney
Barnato presided and made a statement
explaining the position of the bank. This
statement was followed by a number of
motions and debate, which frequent and
persistent interruptions rendered desul
tory. A motion of confidence in Barney
Barnato was linally carried, after which
some shareholders essayed to put ques
tions to the chairman, but the meeting
was declared adjourned, cutting off all in
terrogatory proceedings. The fact that the
questions remained unanswered caused
some hard feeling and a great deal of loud
talking, but the shareholders eventually
dispersed in apparent good humor.
Treason and Espionage.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 14.— The trial
of Paul Schorens, a native of the duchy of
Luxemburg, but a naturalized Frenchman,
upon charges of treason and espionage, has
been postponed indefinitely. He was ar
rested in connection with the Cologne
espionage case last fall and conveyed to
Leipsic, to be tried as a spy. The suppo
sition is that the indefinite posponement
of his trial is due to fear that the dis
closures of his trial would compromise
some exalted personages.
Itobert Kneebs Convicted.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 14.— The trial
of Robert T. Kneebs, the American horse
owner charged with having entered and
started on German tracks the mare Bethel
under the name of ' : Nellie Kneebs," which
began on Saturday, ended to-day. The
jury brought in a verdict of guilty, and
the court sentenced Kneebs to nine months'
imprisonment and to pay a line of 5000
marks, aud also ordered the seizure and
forfeiture of the mare.
The Manitoba Election*.
WINNIPEG, Man., Jan. 14.— T0-morrow
the Manitoba general elections will be
held. A review of the situation on the eve
of the battle shows that Premier Greenway
is certain to carry the country on his
schools platform. He is conceded twenty
one seats in a house of but forty, but the
opposition hopes to reduce his majority in
the Legislature. The prospects are, how
ever, ' that Greenway will scoop the
province. _.
Canal Laborers Strike.
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 14.— The labor
ers on the canal at Culebra have struck for
an increase in their wages. A detachment
of soldiers has been detached to the scene
to preserve order. Several of the em
ployes of the canal company are about to
return to France.
Ttaron de Roa Married.
LONDON, Esq. , Jan. 14.— Dudley Charles
Fitzgerald de Ros, twenty-first Baron de
RO3 and premier Baron of Great Britain,
was married in London this afternoon to
Miss Mary Mabon, eldest daughter of Sir
William Henry Mahon, Baronet of Castle
gar, Ahascragh, County Galway, Ireland.
The Italian Parliament.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 14.— Parliament ad
journed yesterday. No date was set for re
assftmbling.
NEW TO-DAT.
THE BEST KNOWN NAME FOR A
CEREAL BREAKFAST FOOD
DELICIOUS-TRY IT.
__^_ NEW TO-DAT. "._',.
GREAT
imeSSmJ she.
A CLEAN SWEEP.
We have just finished taking stock and find that we are
overstocked with too many Men's and Boys' fine WINTER
SUITS, OVERCOATS and TROUSERS, and we now propose to
rid ourselves of this great surplus stock at all hazards, conse-
quently we will give you your choice and pick of over
$-80,000-$
worth of the best Clothing made on earth for the following
Panic Prices.
YOUR CHOICE.
All our Men's $7 50 and $10 Suits must go at $4 95
All our Men's $12 50 and $15 Suits must goat 8 90
All our Men's $16 50, $1S and $20 Suits must go at. 11 45
YOUR CHOICE.
All our Men's $7 50 to $10 Overcoats must go at ...«. $5 95
All our Men's 50 to $15 Overcoats must go at 9 i.>
All our Men's $16 50 to $20 Overcoats must go at 12 65
MEN'S PANTS. ;
All our Men's $3 50 Durable All-Wool Pants must, go at $1 95
All our Men's $4 to $4 50 Durable All- Wool Pants must go at r , .. 265
All our Men's $5 and $t> Dress Pants must go at...,. , 3 45
A Clean Sweep in Our Boys' Clothing Department.
All our Children's $2 and $2 50 School Suits must go at $1 45
All our Children's $3 50 and $4 School All- Wool Suits must go at.. 2 36
All our Children's $4 50 and $5 Ail-Wool Suits (Ironclad) must go at 3 95
All our $5 50, $6 and $7 50 Fine Dress Suits, all Wool, must go at 4 95
1000 pair Boys' Knee Pants, worth 50c, go at 20c
1000 pair Boys' Knee Pants, -worth 75c and $1, go at 50c
rii-kv-i'f Poil to sco the greatest Bargains In our Furnishing: and
L-fUII L rclll Hat Departments.
NOTICE If We don>t save you from 25 to 5O par cent on every
Suit or Overcoat purchased at our h«o*ise during: this
GREAT WINTER CLEARANCE SALE we will present you with the Finest
Suit or Overcoat in our store for NOTHING.
, . ,Z
H. SDMMERFIELIffi CO.,
'5
THE ONLY ONE-i»«ICE CLOTHjIERS,
924-930 MARKET STREET. .
Positively no goods charged or sold to dealers at Mail Orders promptly filled,
those prices. Satisfaction guaranteed Or money refunded.
CASH ouly buys, and don't you forget it.
KELLY & LI EBES
Cloak and Suit House,
120 Kearny Street.
Second
Week of the
Winter Clear=
ance Sale.
New Lines Added— Deeper Price-cutting
Than Before.
JACKETS.
-'■■*;':
-to^r, 225 FINE ALL ■ WOOL
jVgct JACKETS, big sleeves,
**njp* R 'l colori«, all sizes, were
'ft* "? $15 and over,
jf.-^riKi 83. 50 Kach
/lg*Bt& \ 875 FINEST ALL-WOOL
jV. VS. JACKETS, several
// / . Igt\\ Vk style fronts, big sleeves,
UPJ I j«\\ V> a " colors, were $18
' 7/M J V v V and over,
vjf lB |«5 &®v) »4.50 Each
S^jMsg3'' 155 ELEGANT CLOTH
/fjfS^^k JACKETS, large
ti> " ™ sleeves, good trimmings,
colors or black, were $20 or over,
95.00 Each
KERSEY OR CHEVIOT JACKETS, latest styles,
box front, ripple backs, big sleeves, colors
black or navy— were $10,
SG 50 each. ,
BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, box fronts, ripple
backs, new style sleeves, navy or black— were
$12 50, -''♦•:
*r 50 each.
FINER BOUCLE JACKETS, same style as above,
with velvet collars, navy or black— were $14,
98 50 each.
TAN KERSEY JACKETS, box fronts, ripple
backs, large buttons, new sleeves, raised seams,
were $16 50.
, +- 99 00 each.
§ ELEGANT CURLY-
<T«;«»7 CLOTH JACKETS.
_£/ very newest styles, vel-
vet collars, largest
sleeves, navy or black;
mfrf'-i^WSSk were $16 50.
— 10 eacb
ELEGANT TAN KER-
wy."^! SEY JACKETS, box
it yJ-' '■» ■,;.&«' fronts, ripple back, new
/Srl*^ *Jf?*l sleeves, velvet collars,
KplfelliftS'^ * * pearl buttons: were
$20 00. 914 5O each. i
$85™4ROOMS
CONSIBTIKG OP
Jb' U JciJNXIfTJmEI
, PARLOR,BEDROOM I DINING-ROOM a KITCHEM
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry. Brussels, per yard 50 Cents
OilCloth, per yard *» Cents
Matting, per yard 1O Cents
So'id Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces 925 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror B£s OO
T. BRILLIANT;
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Koom Cttalo;oFi Mailed Free.
t£J* Free Packlsg and DeUrcrj across the Err.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHAKLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNKT-A.l
VJ S ,* n * fr'Otarj Public, 638 Market**. opdo<
g*{jy U »^ »«!4«act 1630 J-tU* Air
Greater
Bargains Than
Ever==Cloaks,
Furs, Suits.
Extra salespeople: Special deliveriett
Come mornings duriug ale.
FUR CAPES.
fWOOL SEAL CAPE 3,
V-r the best quality, edged
j*Z4>. all arouml with Opos,-
-><!«»<.■ sum, Satin lined.
I/I \\ \X\ 24 " inch< now 813.50
a 27-Inch, n0w..... 91.'{. 3O
27-inch, now 917.50
1. 1 'I \X\ 30-lnch, now 9^1.00
FINE CHINA SEAL FL'R, silk linPd, look lik«
real seal :
24-inch, was $'JO. now 51.'i. 50-
-'J7-inch, was $25, now.. sis.oi)
30-inch, was $30, now 916. 50 ■'
BLACK BALTIC SEAL PUR CAPES, satin
lined, 24 inches long, reduced from $12 50 to
57.50.
27-inch, from $15 to '. 99. 00
30-lnch, Iroru $17 50 to $10.50
PLUSH CAPES.
SILK PLUSH CAPES, 24 inches, very full
circular style, elegant Thibet fur all around,
were $27 60 910.50 tao -
VELOUK DV NORD PLUSH CAPES, braided,
beaded and fur trimmed, satin llnetl, were
$22 50:.... :... 912. 5O JiacU
ELEGANT SILK PLUSH CIRCLE CAPES,
. braided and beaded, satin lined, fur trim-
medj were $16.. »io Uueli
.■ . FINK SILK PLUSH
Jfl^v CAPES, handsomely
Vwife, braided, fur trimmed,
p'W^ ' . silk lined, latest style,
Jhgv were $14......
I^W> Vjliull
// * \\
/J J. \X BILK SEALETTE
r?i?*mr f'W PLUSH JACKET,
•AW(-Yci«i^ j /oVAA rainproof, plush, nice.
vy>«3KS*sSW sleeves, box front.
xC rqlT... \' satin lined, all sizes.
6 K^J-A^-vN were $27 50
jfcV^M£> ■ !fls Kach
vfiWRNYSi
THEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMI.VF. YOUR
-L eyes and lit them to Spectacles or Eyegl^ise*
with instrument* of his own invention, whoia
•uperiorlty has not been equaled. My «ucceas urn
been duo to the merits of my work.
Ollice Hours— l 2 tg 4*\ it.
~ RIGGS HOUSE,
The Hotel "Par Kxcellenco"
Of the Natiojua Capital. First class in all appoint-
ments. G, DkWITT. Treas.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIUQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free :
Tally and Sunday Call, ono week, by carrier. .$0.15
Daily ocd Sunday Cai.t.. one year.by mail... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, fix months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cali., three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Cai.t., one month, by mail.. .65
fcunday Call, one year, by mail 1-50
WEEKLY Call, obo year, by mail 1.50 ,
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Murkot Street,
Pan Francisco, California. - .
SVllfptone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS: ,
517 Clay "Street. ' . " ■-
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
630 Montpomery street, corner Clay: open nntll
8:80 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 I.arkiu street; open until 9:30 o'cloclc
fc\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; ppeo
satil 9 o'clock.
11618 Mission street; open nntll 9 o'cloci.
lit* Ismili street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 (md S2, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
I>\; BDAY JANUARY 15, 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
There are many lights in the world, but
the funding bill light is our fight.
It is time for grirn-visaged war'frt smooth
his wrinkled Ttbht ana inquire where he is
at. " ■
It is now Salisbury's turn to go duck-
Bhooting, and let the worid wait for an
answer.
The first thing we know the Sultan will
be referring to John Bull as the "sick man
of Europe."
Cwsar had his Brutus, Charles I his
Cromwell and Cleveland has a partner
named Stetson.
Every now and then Kaiser William
talks like a Napoleon and then stopa to
listen to the echo.
The funding bill would put a heavier tax
on California than Cleveland has uone
With all his bonds.
Nothing can save Democracy, but to
bring the National Convention We-t
would help it a little.
European nations that are spoiling for a
fight should take notice that Turkey is
spoiling for a licking.
Congress should not forget that a Cleve
land investigation j s one of the things the
country expects of it.
It is a good year in prospect af a^y ra te,
for even some of the golid Eighr^how
si^-ns of improvement.
American, engineers for American shfcpg
is a good policy and the enforcement of it
wouid make a good law.
The Kaiser is to be congratulated on fur- i
nishing a sensation for the press without
disturbing the tinanciers.
The fight for the Democratic National
Convention is one we can watch with
serenity, for San Francisco is not in it.
If the Turks object to our sending money
to the relief of the Armenians we had bet
ter reconsider the matter and send war
ships.
The Democratic bosses may be receiving
sealed proposals for the Presidential nom
ination, but there has been no open bidding
as yet.
The protest of Supervisor King against
the preachers is another proof of. tne say
ing of Sam Jones, "It is a hit dog that
yelps."
There are signs of a cleaner City; the
rains have flushed the sewers and the Su
pervisors promise to put an end to the fake
poolrooms.
Alfred Austin might have been a wiser
Emperor than William, but William can
beat him writing poetry and getting even
With critics.
Germany might be able to protect the
Boers from England, but she can never
save them from the growing aspirations of
Cape Colony.
The Milwaukee Press Club has made
Kaiser William an honorary member, so
whatever happens to his crown his social
position is safe.
The only movement visible anywhere in
the Democratic party is in San Francisco,
and that is a movement against itself
from toth ends.
The Cubans and Spaniards should agree
on somebody to arbitrate the war dis
patches and put an end to this vexatious
conflict of reports.
The Senate wastes time in talking of
remonetizing silver so long as there is a
Cleveland in the "White House and a deH-
Cit in the treasury.
The phrase "wipe off the face of the
earth" was once considered slang, but it
bas now become the language of Con
gressional resolutions.
Democracy continues to stare at the
third-term movement with the hopeless
air of a donkey on a railroad track watch
ing a freight train coming.
Henry George lays aside the single-tax
fad when he deals with Cleveland and
taxes the big bond-seiler with almost as
many offenses as he has committed.
The Philadelphia Pteu says: "The
trouble with the free silver panacea is that
there is too much panic-see-a in it."
That ought to end the controversy.
The wrong the funding bill would do to
California would be much greater than
any grievance South Carolina complained
of when she talked of nullification.
The Cotton States Exposition made such
a reputation for the city that held it that
even Charleston thinks it worth while to
put in a claim to be "Atlanta's seaport."
A combination of protectionists and sil
ver men organized to pass a tariff bill with
a free-coinage rider is one of the things
unexpected that may happen to this Con
gress.
Unlimited debate in the Senate is one of
the evils from which good may sometimes
come. For example, it will enable Pacific
Coaßt Senators to talk the funding bill to
deai.li.
The University of Halle has undertaken
to put a stop to the custom of duelling
among students, and if the faculty would
Buggest football as a change it might be
successful,
THE SUPREME ISSUE.
However great or numerous may be the
distractions of the time the people of Cali
fornia must not for a moment lose sight of
| the light against the funding bill. That is
for us the supreme issue of the day. If
the bill passes, the Pacific Coast, and
mainly California, would have to pay the
whole debt of the roads. Our transporta
tion system, moreover, would be in the
hands of the monopoly for another gener
ation, and our industries confronted by all
the adverse influences that such monopo
lies exert.
The- evils which will surely result from
the funding bill are well known to us. for
the subject has been thoroughly studied
and long discussed here, but they are not
fo well known in the East. The work be
fore us at this time, therefore, is to edu
cate Eastern Congressmen on all phases of
the great issue. That this task may be
effectually performed, we must first im
press upon Congress the fact that we are
in earnest. We must make it known that
our opposition to the railroad scheme is
not one of sentiment only, but of deter
mined resolution. If we are to convince
Eastern Congressmen that this is a vital
question, we must act in such a manner as
to show we feel the importance of it, and
fight it as resolutely as we ousrht to right
for the life of our industries and the inde
pendence of our commerce.
There can be no question that the pas
sage of the funding bill would be an im-
I position upon California greater than any
; grievance of which South Carolina com
plained when her people in 1532 undertook
to nullify a law of Congress. There is no
reason founded upon any right principle,
nor upon any proper conception of ex
pediency, why Congress should pass a
bill which would impose upon the people
of California the whole burden of paying
for a road constructed for the benefit of
the whole Uni;m. If the Government
has been defrauded and the road so looted
I and wrecked that it is no longer worth the
money the Government has invested in it,
I California is not to blame for that. The
law should be enforced, the mortgage
foreclosed, and if there is any loss it
should be borne by the whole Union, and
not imposed on this coast alone.
As a matter of fact, it is by no mean 9
certain that the Government would lose
by foreclosing the mortgage. The Su
preme Court may yet decide in favor
of the personal liability of the plutocrats
who borrowed the money, and from their
estates it may recover the full amount
due. These men, havinc enriched them
selves by wrecking the road, have never
made any attempt to ray the debt they
owe the Government, and are not trying to
pay it now. On the contrary, they are
i seeking to avoid payment. The funding
I bill is simply a scheme of evasion, and not
'> an .honest proposal to pay an honest debt.
It is disgraceful that such a scheme should
evm be considered by Congress, and it
would be a gross outrage against Ameri
can law and justice if it should be carried
out.
AN EARNEST PROTEST.
The mass-meeting held in this City Mon
day evening to protest against the outrages
which the Turks are practicing on the
Armenians represented all that is best in
the constitution of American society, Hu
manity and government. The speeches
made and the resolutions adopted were
utterances based on universal principles of
humanity, and were just such expres
sions as would have been made against the
Christian Armenians if the inconceivable
thing of a reversal of the position which
they occupy with reference to the Turks
were an actuality.
The purpose of the meeting was four
fold—tc protest aeainst the outrages on
principle, to appeal to the Sublime Porte
to put a stop to them, to implore Europe
to go to the rescue of the oppressed, and to
raise funds for the Red Cross Society with
which to alleviate the sufferings of Ar
menians in Turkey. The extraordinary
news comes from Washington that the
Turkish legation there has sent out notice
on the authority of the Porte that "the
Imperial Government will not permit any
distribution among its subjects in its own
territory by any foreign society or indi
viduals, however respectable the name
may be (as, for instance, the Red Cross So
ciety), of money collected abroad. Such
interference," the proclamation proceeds,
"no independent government has ever al
lowed, especially when the collections are
made on the strength of speeches made in
public meetings by irreconcilable enemies
of the Turkish race and religion, and on
the basis of false accusations that Turkey
repudiates."
The confusion in the terms of the last
sentence is still not sufficient to cloud the
fact that Turkey will refuse to permit the
introduction of foreign money for the ben
eht of the Armenians. As these unfortu
nate wretches have been stripped of their
worldly goods and practically denied the
privilege of earning a livelihood, and as
Turkey, in spite of her representative's
assurance that she "will alleviate the
wants of all Turkish subjects living in
certain provinces, irrespective of creed or
race," cannot be expected to fill the
hungry mouths of those whom it is more
satisfying to murder, it is evident that to
all the other atrocities which have been
practiced in the past will be added that of
starvation, which the outside humane
spirit of the world is so ready to avert.
Turkey by this act has made it impossi
ble for civilized Europe longer to be in
fluenced to inactivity by the "balance of
power" which the existence of that nation
represents. America cannot openly take
the field in defense of Armenia, but Con
gress has a certain coercive power through
the tariff, and that is a sore spot for all
Europe.
THE POOLROOMS DOOMED.
By a vote of 8 to 4, in which half of the
Solid Eight of the Board of Supervisors
abandoned their former policy and voted
with the minority, which from the begin
ning has made a straight record, the ordi
nance introduced as a substitnte for the
one proposed by the last Grand Jury
affecting poolrooms has been defeated and
the first ordinance ieintroduced. The sub-
stitute ordinance was generally supposed
to have been offered in revenge for at
tempts to suppress the infamous down
town dens, wuich pilfer the earnings of
women, boys and minor clerks, and was
drawn to prohibit pool-selling everywhere
within the City limits, including the race
tracks. The passing of that substitute
would have inllicted a serious blow on the
horse-breeding industry of California.
In explanation of this revengeful ordi
nance it was explained that the Solid
Eight were being paid by the managers of
the downtown poolrooms for protection.
So prevalent was the suspicion of corrup
tion that the last Grand Jury took cog
nizance of the matter. No convincing'
evidence of bribery was discovered, but
that did not allay the prevalent suspicion.
That four of the Solid Eight have had the
selfTrespect to retreat from that clouded
position is a most encouraging circum
stance. It is conceivable that the past
conduct of these four may be explained
on the score of resentment that any digni
lied body of citizens should presume to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
express a wish that certain legislation be
enacted for the public good. If this be
the right explanation these four have re
deemed themselves in this matter and
should be given tiie commendation wbioh
their last act deserves. The four others
still prefer to remain under the cloud of
suspicion. There is danger that their
holding out may create the impression
that they were the only ones who have
received the benefit of any funds which
the downtown poolrooms have been dis
bursing for official protection, and that
the four who have deserted t.ieui have
been merely used as their tools.
As the situation stands, the Grand Jury
ordinance will assuredly be passed and
the downtown poolrooms will accordingly
be suppressed. One of the remaining four
of the Solid Eight is making a desperate
fijjht to defeat the ordinance, but his
tactics will serve only to delay the adop
tion of the ordinance for a week. Mean
while, as the downtown dens are reaping
a harvest they will make a hard light in
the courts when the ordinance is adopted.
This will make it incumbent on the police
to prosecute a tireless effort to suppress
the evil by every legitimate means.
In the meantime, there is no little satis
faction to be drawn from the fact that the
Solid Eight at last has been broken. From
the vote on the poolroom ordinance a hope
can be drawn of better things to come.
This is one of the bright prospects of the
new year. It gives promise that we may
yet receive from the Board of Supervisors
much of that beneficial legislation for the
welfare of the City that seemed impossible
while the combination held together, and
in that promise, the people will enter with
renewed hope and activity upon the work
of municipal reform, improvement and
progress. V
AMERICAN ENGINEERS.
It is astonishing to learn that the exist
ing laws of tiiis country impose hardships
on American steamship engineers in a way
to favor foreigners. To remedy this wrong
Senator Squire of Washington, at the in
stance of the Marine Engineers' Associa
tion, has introduced a bill in ths Na
tional Senate requiring that engineers and
assistant engineers of American vessels
shall be citizens of the United States, as
the masters of such vessels are required
to be. In the absence of such a require
ment and in the presence of a rule that an
American engineer who has srone outside
of his Government's jurisdiction moat se
cure a renewal of his license before he can
get re-employment, English engineers,
whose licenses are recognized everywhere
and under all circumstances, have invaded
the lield and taken the places of Americans
in large numbers.
It has been the custom to admit English
engineers to the American merchant ma
rine service on a mere declaration of inten
tion to become citizens. Few of these
declarations have been fulfilled and they
were made merely to secure positions which
belong to Americans. It is a familiar fact in
this country that the Englishmen who
cast their fortunes with us do not generally
become citizens of the country.
Doubtless the law requiring masters of
American steamships to be American citi
zens was framed with a view to secure
loyal behavior in case of a possible inter
national conflict. Although the master of
a vessel is a supreme authority, the en
gineer is in a position to exercise a power
against which that of the master cannot
prevail. It is essential, therefore, that
American citizens should be in charge of
the engine-room.
Apart from all this is the fact that Amer
ican engineers are as competent as any in
the world and that it is the duty of the
Government to protect and encourage
them. In that event we should have
under any contingency a strong guard of
American citizens to protect the interests
of American commerce.
RAIN AND IRRIGATION.
This season's rain, though long de
layed, has arrived in good time to assure
full crops of all kinds under ordinary cir
cumstances, but meanwhile the business
of the State has suffered greatly through
a fear that the rains might fail. Money
had been piling up in the banks instead of
being advanced on prospective crops, and
the transfer and improvement of farm
properties had suffered a sharp check.
The present rain is general between
Tehachapi and Redding, covering the
whole of the San Joaquin and Sacramento
valleys and all the valleys of the Coast
Range. The southern part of the State
ha 3 not yet been visited, but it will likely
receive a drenching before the storm shall
have passed.
The precipitation in that part of the
State is so much smaller than in the
more northern regions that irrigation has
been developed there to a generous ex
tent. As a result the more thickly settled
communities, particularly the famous
orange sections, are never disturbed over
the subject of rain. Tne mountains from
which the irrigation ditches are fed are
sure of a sufficient precipitation in any
season, and hence the orange-growers are
independentof rains. Northern California
will never be able fully to develop its
agricultural resources and reduce farming
to a certainty unless irrigation has been
thoroughly established.
The intelligence with which the farmers
of Nebraska regard irrigation has been
shown recently. The Supremo Court of
that State decided that the irrigation law
was valid, and immediately thereupon
provision was made for placing 300,000
acres under ditches, and that was only the
beginning. * Purchasers stand ready to
take the bonds, and the outlook of the
State is most encouragincr. Irrigation is
no more a sensible business proposition
for Nebraska than for California. Farm
ing here will never be able to take a posi
tion as a perfectly safe and established
business until irrigation has been properly
extended. When that is done there will
be no more complaints of the banks for
being slow in lending money to develop
the farming possibilities of the State.
We have not yet observed that this im
portant matter is receiving proper atten
tion at the hands of Congress. The situa
tion in California is most unfortunate.
The laws enacted by the State and upheld
by the State Supreme Court for the estab
lishment of irrigation districts and the
issuance of bonds for the installation of
irrigation plants have been assailed by the
local Federal courts, and there is no telling
when the matter will be reached in "the
Supreme Court of the United States.
There is no settled policy of irrigation
laws in this country, our decisions coming
mostly under the common law precedent
of .England, where the conditions are
totally different from those prevailing in
this country. Congress might easily es
tablish a policy compatible with our needs.
The whole of the greater West is inter
ested in the Utah Senatorial election, and
desires to see that State send to the Senate
men who are truly representative of the
West — young men, brainy men, and men
with red blood in their veins.
In a suit for damages brought by a man
whose horse was frightened by the sound
of a bagpipe, a Milwaukee jury has just
decided that the bagpipe is not a musical
instrument.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Hon. W. D. Tlllotson of Taeoma, ex-Consul-
Gcnoral to Japan, is at thj Grand; It was be
fore Consul-Geueral Tillotson, as will be re
membered, that the noted. Heatherington case
was triad. . '
General Tillotson served over three years in
Japan, being stationed at Yokohama. When
his term expired some time since he returned
to Tacoma, -which had -been his home, and
from which place ho had served as a member
of the Washington Legislature, and renewed
the practice of law. • ■-• ■ .. X ;:- : ',
Things have changed there a good deal since
General Tillotson went avVcy, however, and he
may now conclude to ildcate'lri California.
General Tillotson is a man of strikingpresencc!
He is much over sixieat in height aud very
Bpare. . ..< ;.- . :\
He ll credited with having been a very popu
lar official in Japan, and had it not been for
Hon. YV. D. Tiliotson, Recently Consul
general to Japan.
this the feeling that was engendered among
the English residents when Gower Robinson
was killed by Lieuteniuit Heatherington,
would have been fanned to a white heat.
As it was, the management &f the trial betore
the Consul-General was conducted in such a
way as to best satisfy all parties.
"The future of Puget Sound is assured," said
General Tiliotson. "I have as much faith in
that country as ever I had, but it is rather dull
just now, and probably will be for a little
while yet. There uro enormous quantities of
timber, coal and other products there that will
keep the State In a prosperous condition, once
business starts np again.
"The reaction, after its very rapid growth a
few years ago, has caused it to be dull lor the
time. There have been many reverses, but of
course there must be 'a readjustment, and
probably those who have been the most un
fortunate may ere long be among the wealthiest
again.
"From What I can observe and from the
opinions of others I am of the belief that San
Francisco is in a position to become signally
prosperous wnen times improve generally a
little.
"I had a very pleasant experience in Japan.
It is not, however, a country for one to remain
in permanently. At least it did notsoappeur to
me. It Is not active enough."
General Tillotson's family is visiting at San
Jose.
A SOUTHERN VOLUNTEER.
Yes, sir, I fought with Stonewall,
And faced the fight with Dee; .
But if this here Union goes to war,
Make one more gun for mo!
I didn't shrink from Sherman
As he galloped to the sea;
But if tliis hero Union goes to war,
Slake one more gun for me ! -
I was with 'cm at Mauassas—
The bully boys in gray;
I heard the thunders roariu'
Roand Stonewall Jackson's way. •
And many a time this sword of mine
Has blamed the route for Lee.
But if this old L'ir.on goes to war,
Make one more gun for rue!
I'm not so full o' fißhtin',
Nor half so fall o' fun
As I was back in the sixties
Wben 1 shouldered my old suni
It may be that my hair is white—
Bleb, things, you know, must be;
Bui if this old Union's In for light,
Make one more gun for vie !
I hain't forgot my raisin'—
Nor how, in sixty-two,
Or thereabouts, with battle snonts
■ I charged tin boys in blue: . = . . '
And 1 say: i ight with Stonewall,
And blazed the way for Lee: : -
But if this old Union's in for war,
Make one more gun for me ! S
—Atlanta Constitution.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
WHAT THE SOCIALISTS HOPE TO
ACCOMPLISH.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
The frequency with which the Populist, Joseph
Asbury Johnson, airs his views in your
columns has lea me to reply to his claims.
In this morning's issue he tries to prove that
the platform of the Populist party is sufficient
to meet the requirements of the existing condi
tions. 1, as a socialist, wish to show the inade
quacy of the Populist platform; this I propose
to do, not by criticizing his three contentions,
which are weil enough as far as they go, but I
claim they are merely temporary pelliatives,
designed to give temporary relief instead of
permanent cure.
We socialists are amused to see how many
intalligent, well-meaning people stop half way,
get stuck and make no further progress, after
taking one step In advance toward better
methods of Government. The Populists have
taken this first itepj so have the single-taxers;
so have the udvocates of Government owner
h ? ,°l rail f roaUs and telegraphs: so have the
advocates ot the municipalizution of gas and
water, street railroads, etc.; but each one
seems to be incapable of properly appreciating
the position of the others. The fact is that all
these different roads would lead directly into
tlie camp of the socialists if the weary pilgrim
would out have the perseverance to continue
to think; but, as I said before, each new con
vert to a reform idea is so enamored of it that
he cannot cease from contemplating its beau
ties long enough to see the greater beauties
that lie beyond it.
I am personally acquainted with many Pop
ulists who, admitting the greater justice of
socialism, yet cling to the Populist party on
the ground that naif a loaf is better than no
bread, not seeing that it would be just as easy
to obtain the wtiole loaf by voting with the
socialist Labor party.
In support of my contention that the Popu
list party platform is merely a step in the right
direction 1 will take up Mr. Johnson's conten
tion in regard to land. Ho- says that the land
is "the inheritance of the people." feo it is.
If it belongs to the people, 1 would like to ask
Mr. Johnson why ihe people— i. c., the Gov
ernment, or the Nation, or society, or
whatever name you choose to em
ploy—should uot hold the title to
all the land? It-is not necessary that any man
should own the land; all any man can do is to
use the land durinp his lifetime. Why should
any man be allowed to say who shall use after
his death the iand he has used during his life?
Now I contend, and challenge Mr. Johnson to
deny, that his palliutive measure merely chal
lenges tne degree of the wrong of which he
complain?, but not its nature! Whether the
land is held by lO'.OOO instead of by ten. or by
any number less than the full population,
only ameliorates the condition, but "does not
rectify the wrong. Oliver Everett.
San Francisco,. Jan. 13, 1896.
PERSONAL.
H. J. Levelling, a St. Helena lawyer, la at the
Lick.
Judge S. SI Holl oT Sacramento is stopping at
the Grand.
Senator Cleaves of Redding is in the City at
the Grand Hotel.
H; A. Preston, a Jamestown mining man, is &
guest at the Grand.
i. B. Spence, one of San Jose's attorneys, is
at the Palace Hotel
C. Sterling, a Brentwood fruit-packer, Is
registered at tne Lick.
A. P. Hatfield, a fruit-packer of Los Angeles,
is booked at the Grand.
Colonel A. W. Jones, 'a Monterey railroad
man, is a guest at the Lick.
K. E. Hyde, a Visalia banker, arrived yester
day, and is at the Palace Hotel.
R. T. Root, a wholesale furniture man from
Denver, is stopping at the Palace Hotel.
Thomas F. Darby, a miner from Cripple
Creek, Colo., is a guest at the Occidental.
R. G. Hart, a prominent mining man of Hart,
is stopping at.the Grand Hotel for a few days.
11. W. Crabb, one of Oakville's wine mer
chants, registered at the Grand Hotel last
night.
E. T. Dixon and R. Gracey, two of Merced's
best-known lawyers, are registered at the Lick
U iuse.
A. B. Lemmon, who came down from Santa
Rosa to vote at the Union League election, is at
the Grand Hotel.
D. P. Durst, editor of the Four Corners at
Wheatland, has left his desk a .few days and
is in the Grand Hotel.
J. R. Hampton, head of the Land Agent De
partment for the Government, is at the Lick,
lie is Linking a Pacific Coast tour.
Colonel A. McNally of Los Angeles is in this
City to attend a meeting of the directorate of
the California Travertine Company.
A. C. Ellis of Bait Lake, formerly an attorney
of this City, is stopping at the Occidental Ho
tel. He is accompanied by his wife.
Rev. John Hemph ill of Calvary Church de
parted for the East last night, to meet Mrs.
Hemphill, who is returning from a trip to
Europe.
John D. Spreckels returned to the City yes
terday after an absenco ol eight days at San
Diego, where he went to look after business
interests.
Colonel Chipmann of Red Bluff, one of the
delegate* to Washington to secure the Repub
lican Convention for San Francisco, is housed
at the Palace.
Lieutenant Wurlirh and wife departed for
Washington last night, where they will spend
vacation. The lieutenant is from the cruiser
Philadelphia.
Editor Ruggles. of the Stockton Independent,
arrived in the City yesterday and registered at
the Grand. He reports Stockton one of the
liveliest cities on the coast and says he would
rather live there than anywhera else on earth.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
Nor to Gather the Crop.
Xogales (Ariz.) .Vldette. f
One does not have to be a farmer to sow wild
oats.
California for Fruit.
San Die^o Sun.
As usual, California is taking all the awards
and all the medals for the fruit displays at the
Atlanta Exposition. Florida should stick to
the alligator industry.
Political Advice.
Oakland Times.
Many a good official has killed himself
politically by talking too much. It is a wise
man that can coutrol his temper ana, in
directly, his tongue.
It Needs Remodeling.
Stockton Independent.
The best way to improve State publication
woull be to remodel the State board and make
it to consist of teachers of primary and gram
mar grades, who would promptly effect the
necessary reforms.
Altitude and Temperature.
Oakland Tribune.
People at a distance must have a confused
notion of the climate of California. A rose fair
at Pasadena, with 6000 carnations decorating
a single coach; a citrus fair at Frfsno, with
thousands of lemons and oranges that have
just come to perfection in that county; an ice
civ nival at Truckee, with toboggans "and fun
for everybody^
LADY'S 1830 WAIST.
The 1830 style is somewhat modified in the
models of to-day. The full sleeve is furnished
wit'i a cap at the top, which does not fit too
close to be uncomfortable and yet makes the
long shoulder seam effect.
The pattern shown here has a yoke top, from
which a box pleat and a few gathers fall loosely
in front to make a blouse effect. The back is
gathered below the yoke and at the waist line.
A dark blue crepon had a yoke, sleeve caps
and the loose-fitted sleeve 9 of embroidered ba
tiste over pale-green silk. Dresden ribbons
formed a rondeaus all around the loose edge
of the yoke and sleeve caps, and across the
seam joining caps to yoke.
A gingham dress after this model had the
yoke and caps of plain blue, the rest of the
dress being of striped goods.
A white lawn dress with embroidery yoke
and caps is a pretty combination.
. A figured silk of brown, with yoke and cap
of batiste over blue, is charming. Plain blue,
striped brown and blue, or Dresden ribbons for
belt, collar and trimming, makes a stylish
finish.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Nobody knew who Rev. Herbert D. Ward, the
new Massachusetts Prison Commissioner, was
until the Boston Globe let out the secret that
he is the husband of Elizabeth Stuart Phelps.
It is now recalled with some amusement that
Matthew Arnold was once generally berated
in England for referring to Lord Salisbury as a
man who delighted "to provoke shocks and
collisions.."
M. Dampt, a French sculptor, will contribute
to the next Salon a statuette of a countess well
known in Paris. The flesh will be renrcsented
in ivory, and the drapery of old gold will be
ornamented with precious stones.
Miss Caroline Rusted, a Scandinavian, 65
years old, living in Whitehall, Wis., has turned
over her savings for the last twelve years,
amounting to $200, to the fund for relieving
the Armenian sufferers in Turkey.
St. George's Methodist Episcopal Church,
Philadelphia, has just celebrated its one hun
dred and twenty-sixth annive-sary. Francis
Asbury, the tirst Methodist Bishop in the
United States, was its pastor in 1790.
Count Dante Serego Aligbteri, Mayor of Ven
ice, who died in office recently, was a descend
ant of the poet in the female line. The male
line became extinct in 1547 with the poet's
son, Piero di Dante, but the daughter married
Count Serego of Verona, aiainily that is now
very wealthy.
Timothy B. Blackstone has given a $300,000
library to his native place, the town of Bran
ford, Conn., which will be completed in a few
months. Mr. Blackstone Is to present nis
choice collection of books to the library, and
will also liberally endow it.
C. N. Vallandigham, son of the late Clement
L. Vallandigham, has been appointed to and
accepted a clerkship in the office of Ohio's new
Adjutant-General. Mr. Vallandigham changed
his politics after the Democrats had given him
two terms in the Legislature.
Li Hung Chang is now in Peking, no longer
Viceroy of the great province of Chihli. Rele- i
gated to the little temple at Peking, a. few fol- |
lowers and the members of his numerous fain- j
ily alone gathered about. him, he is, it is said j
by those on the spot, really shelved. His
health is said to be failing.
Miss Williams, professor of English at the
Normal School of Sevres, has founded la "Fraa
eo-English guild," the object of which is to
make French girls who have learned English
acquainted with the views of American and
English women through lectures and meetings
in Paris, or by correspondence.
Henry W. Denison, formerly of Lancaster, H.
H., has received from the Emperor of Japan
the decoration of the First-class Order of the
Mirror and a handsome sum of money for his
services in the making of the treaty between
that country ana China and also for distin
guished services during the war.
Mention is made in the memoirs of the Mar
quis de Villiers of Paris of a wonderful spoon
once in the possession of his family. This
spoon was of gold, studded in every part with
diamonds of the first water. It was four inches
in length only, jet the value of the article was
stated to be $73,000. Each diamond was the
size of a large pin's head, and there were some
hundreds of them.
THE WHOLE STATE INTERESTED.
Lemoore Leader.
It is not enough that San Francisco should
express itself on the Pacific railroad funding
bill, which makes a gift of $80,000,000 to the
Pacific railroads. This whoie State and the
whole country are to be robbed by this scheme.
It is a scheme for taking from the poor and
adding to the wealth of the overburdened rich.
The country is even more interested in tne de
feat of this measure than is San Francisco.
The roads should be made to pay their honest
debts, and that without delay. There is not a
Congressman who does not believe that the
subsidized corporations have received the
value of the debt many times over, and every
one of them who votes for this scheme should
be a marked man for opposition when ho
comes up for re-election.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Internal Revenue— City. The aggregate
collections of internal revenue by States and
Territories during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1895, were $143,'.U6,077 75.
Not Quoted— O. S., Vallejo, Cal. The stocks
named in your communication are not quoted
at th's time. . Whether they will ever be worth
anything is beyond theknowledge of "Answers
to Correspondents."
The Election- op 1892—0. , City. At elec
tion held in 1892 James S. Weaver was the
Populist candidate for the oflice of President of
the United States and John Bidwell was the
Prohibition candidate.
Fanny Fern— City. Fanny Fern, who
was^th'e sister of N. P. Willis, died in 1892—
October 10. Her maiden name. , was Sara Pay
json Willis. She married Charles H. Eldridge,
a banirer of Boston, became a widow and mar-
Tied James Pay ton. Fanny Fern was her pen
name. ■• • .-l . 3•i.. •_
- "American and British Navies— E.O.,Colma
San Mateo County, Cal. The United States
ridw.tias sixty-four war vessels of £11 descrip
tions in commission. Including the naval mili
tia the. total available force amount-, u> 17,255
officers and men. The war vessels are divioed
into classes as follows: Armored line-of-battle
ships, 3; coast defense vessels, \(i; cruiser, 1;
unarrnored, 'protected cruisers, 15; cruisers,
20; gun. vessels, 8; torpedo vessel, 1; torpedo
boats, -2 ; total, 64. There are now in course of
Construction 10 armored and 9 unarmored ves
sels and 7 torpedo-boats. The naval force is
distributed as follows: Officers and men, 13,
--4Go;'marines stationed at navy-yards, 1100;
naval nii'itia, ivservo, 2695; total. 17,255.
The British navy has 501 vessels of all kinds.
More than half are ready for action, while the
rest would require from ten days to periods of
greater length to place them in commission.
The navy is made up of 51 armored battle
ships, 11 armored coast-defense vessels, .23
armored cruisers, 49 protected cruisers, 91 un
protected cruisers, 14 unprotected gun' vessels,
34 torpedp vessels, 1,30 .torpedo-boats over 100
feet lons, 99 torpedo-boats under 100 feet in
length; total, Ml. Total number of guns,
6700; officers, 2719; seamen, 5ti,515; marines,
officers, 351; marines, soldiers, 14,211; total,
70,596. ■ ______
Speaker Reed— S. S., City. Thomas B.
Reed, at present Speaker of the House, was at
one time a'resident of California. In 1801 he
entered the oflice of Howard & Strout, in Port
land, Me., to study law, but before he com
pleted his studies he made up his mind to try
his fortune in the West. Being without means,
to secure a first-class he engaged steerage
passage on a vessel that sailed around
the Horn. He reached California .', in
18G3 and for a time taught school in Stock
ton. Then he went to San Jose, where he en
gaged in the profession of the law. He re
mained but nine months in this State and re
turned to Portland, Me. It is said of him that
while in San Jose he applied for permission to
practice in one of the courts, and before it was
granted was required to undergo, an e_am T
inatlon. The day that !he came up for
examination another candidate was on
hand. The Judge asked each but one
question, and . that was whether the
legal tender acts were constitutional. Reed
without the slightest hesitation answered that
they were. The other candidate also without
hesitation answered that they were not. The
Judge made an order that both be -admitted to
practice, and • when asked why he had not
examined the candidates further,- he replied
that when young men could decide constitu
tional questions as promptly as had the' two
before him they were entitled; to practice at
any bar. ____^________ —
CURRENT HUMOR.
"Jones complains that the world is unsym
pathetic."
"Yes, poor fellow! Even his horse ran away
from him yesterday and would'nt listen to his
whoas at all."— New York Tribune.
"My soul is full of bitterness," said the senti
mental young woman.
"You ueed a little quinine," said the practi
cal doctor.
"Why, dear me. doctor, I didn't know you
had taken up with homeopathy."— Cincinnati
Enquirer.
The Member for North-South Blankshire—
"Gentlemen, you twit me with having turned
my coat. Years ago I supported this measure
Then I had a reason. But now, gentlemen 1
have lost my reason." And he wondered at
the deafening smile that pervaded the meet
ing.—London Household Words.
A homely woman has never been convinced
that there is such a thing as a perfect looking
glass.— Ram's Horn. s "
"You never told me Miss Fairgirl wa« an
athlete."
"Well, is she?"
Ti?B citse its. She haS thr ° Wn me over -"-Lo«don
Chappie-I'm really deuced anxious to know
what the new woman is going to do this leap-
Miss Cutting-Don't worry. They won't be
likely to trouble any one but the men.
"Wake up, little "iirl," said a Bgließeld
mamma to her small daughter
The latter opened her eyes 'slowly and then
replied: «WWL I suppose I m i^ ht as well!
I limbs! use Waat a sure rdief f^snT^hVbatk^idTch7sr^
; /\IICUCK S ppastei aster '- i
I .. Bear in MiND-Not one of the host of counterfeits aod imita^^^
■^ tions is as good as the genuine. . - ™* I
There's nothing very interesting going on In
dreamland."— Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
"Well, Johnny, how do you like the school?"
/'Oh.der school's all O. X., but der teacher
doesn't know notiiin'."
"Doesn't know anything? Why do you say
that?"
" 'Cause she'B always askin' us questions."—
Texas Siftings.
"How long have you lived in this neighbor
hood, my frieud?"
"Ever since that pine tree was a saplin 1 ."
"And how long is that?"
"Ever since Bill Jones dug the first well." —
Atlanta Constitution.
"Come, Mary,let us play 'Father and Mother.'
I'll be the father and you be the mother, with
a child in your arms."
'•All right! You begin."
"Oh, I wish that I Wad never married! What
a fool I was."— Fliegemie Blaetter.
BOHEMIAN CLUB.
Committee of Five to Nominate the
Regular Ticket Chosen.
A quarterly meeting of the members of
the Bohemian Club was held yesterday
afternoon. Horace G. Platt, president of
the club, who had been absent since early
in December, visiting relatives and friends
in New York, Boston and other cities, re
turned Monday night and presided yes
terday.
The important business of yesterday's
session was to select five members to con
stitute a committee ta nominate a regular
ticket for officers of the club. Without
opposition the following members were
elected : L. H. Foote, Raphael Weill, T. E.
Beck, A. Gerlerding and E. P. Murphy.
After the regular ticket is nominated
and has been posted for the required
length of time, it" will be in order for mem
bers who do not approve of the selection
to place in the field an opposition ticket.
Washing the Chutoi.
The management of the water chutes on
Haight street is taking advantage of the in*
clement weather and washing out the water in
the lake. It takes a day to empty it and a day
to fill, consequently "chute shooters" and
"trolley trippers" will have to wait until
Thursday before they can indulge in tneii
customary shocks and sensations.
Town'send's special sale— Fresh cream mixed
candies, 15c a pound ; worth 35c. •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Praaa
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Five pretty tall brothers are living neai
Chase City, Vs., and there were seven of them
until a few years ago. None of the brothers i|
less than 6 feet 2 inches high. The tallest now
living is 6 feet 6Ji inches tall and weighs 193
pounds. He has an uncle 7 feet tall, and b.U
relatives on his mother's side are extremely
tall people.
"Always taking cold" is a common complaint.
It is due to impure and deficient blood, and it often
leads to serious trouble. The remedy is Hoou'i
fciarsapariila, which makes pure, ricn blood.
CHICAGO _I3IITKD.
VIA SANTA MEJj KOUTE.
A new train throughput begins October 29
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule reclining*
chair cars and dining-cars. Los Angeles to Chi
cago, via Kansas City, without change. Annox
cars on aharp connection for Denver anl 3C
Louis. Twenty-seven hours quicker . than th» #
quickest competing train. The Santa Fe haj baea
put in fine physical condition and la . now tha bast
transcontinental railway. . ,
■'.■'. i : ~- • — —
Ladiks suffering from nervous afflictions find
quick relief iv Parkeb's Ginger Toxic
Pabkeb's Hair Balsam aids the hair growth.
'•*'■■ '- ' , • — ♦— • :
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrap"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of moth
ers., for their . children while Teething with per.'eet
success. It soothes the child, softens the gums, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bon-e'.s
and 13 the best ' remedy for j Diarrhoeas,' wheth«
arising from teething or other causes. For sale &r
Druggists in every part, of the world. Besuraaal
ask lor .Mrs. Wuislow's bootiilag dyrij*. '.43 j *
bottta • ■' .:
Corosado. — Atmosphere Is perrwetly dry. sol*
and mild, and is entirely free from tlie mists com
mon further north. Itound-lrip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
I Sew Montgomery at., San Fraicisco.
Lady Warwick, a prominent English "philan
thropist," recently told the audience of work
ing-women that they needed more pleasure
and relaxations— ln short, took life too eeri-
ously. Then she proceeded to describe to he/
amazed hearers the benefits which a busy
woman like herself derived from an "occa
sional ride across country or an hour at tha
piano."
NEW TO-DAY.
havFyou
heard about
THE WONDERFUL
new remedy
THAT SO QUICKLY
RELIEVES AND CURE 3
SORE THROATS,
HEAD COLDS, .
HEAD, FOOT, FACE,
EAR and TOOTH ACHE,
fMITCHELL'Si
: IVlAblb^bu lluli
I Sold by Druggists at 25c, 50e, $1
Be Sure and Read the Directions.
Fill a small teacup with JLotlon; when
half evaporated cover and keep for
EXTBKKAL USK. When dry add
- Lotion to cover the sediment and use
: ?■ for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Sprains, all
vv pains, and Sciatic or Asthmatic
troubles. ...
— — .
yUsPECIAIJ
ri Wednesday, Jan. 15th. To-day only.
\i . Small Prunes- new, fine
IJI California — cheap and
Lffl good at sc; to-day, only
ul 3 cts. Will please you.
ImJ Complete lists at your command.
I a| -Larireat Department i-'tore. -
-j-V Smiths* Cash Store,
"M : 414, 416, 418 FRONT ST., S.F...%• -'.ku\ 15,1896
AMUSEMENTS.
fA ,rWIN TITFATFR.-' -T)-e I-OV» ChflSe."
California Thkatf.b-" Macbeth."
Coumria TnEATSK-"T!:e Senator.
Slorosco'g Ofkba-Hocsk— " A ixins I-an*. -)
Trvoi.i OPKRA-HonsK.-"lxtoii; or, Tho Man of
Ihc \V boel."
Obphi I m .-Hifh-C'.ar.R Vnndevllle.
i-j nvi r.-« AICA7AH.--M.V ITeclons Baby."
Via vi II ah -2304 Van Nrss avenue— " Health .
Talks" i»' mothers und daushlers, this after-
Boon, at 2:30 o'c'.ock.
,OTTHi Chttes.— r>:Uiy at Haljht street
1 1 L!ork cist of the Park.
1 aci> ie coast Jockey Clpb.— Raceg.
AUCTION SALES.
r.Y Yon FnriN Co.— To-morrow (Thursday),
H<-«1 Estat*, at. Salesroom, 513 California street,
v: 12 o'clock.
Eastox * Fi.nninoE.— Tuesday. January 21,
P.oal ; Estate, at 638 Market sin-ct, at 12 o'clock
uoun.
Dvrix <t llasimiinp.- Thursday, January 23,
Peal l-:s:nt<>. at 10 Montgomery st.
CITY ITEMS IN BRIEF.
There are to be no more pools sold on horse
races in the downtown rooms.
Tne reformer, Frank R, Gibson, is insolvent.
He owes $1126 and has $110 to pay it with.
Joseph Johnson is running foul o{ both State
and Federal courts for selling lottery tickets.
lialfour, athrie <fc Co. have answered and
explained the pcculinr reasons which caused a
l>i.^ lawsuit.
The Naphtaly-Feigenbaura wedding'at the
Concord la Cluo was one of the society events
of the season.
The last protest of the Blythe Company to
tne distribution of the estate has been denied
by Judge Coffey.
The Nationals of this City and the Hawaiian
fii'.nrd of Honolulu are preparing to shoot a
friendly fifty-man match.
The winning hor*es at Ingleside yesterday
were Pique, Bate Murphy, Alvarado, Mestor,
Major Cook and Highland.
The Art Association has begun a system of
time-keeping that makes it necessary for the in
structors to get their classes promptly at 9 A. m.
Samuel B. Thompson, the old venderof news
paper?; again attempted to hung himself in
bis cell in the City Prison yesterday morning.
The State Development Committee is prepar
ing to establish in the large Eastern cities
small permanent exhibits of California prod
ucts.
Yosterdav the repents of the State University
accepted the $2000 donated by citizens for
lighting the library and grounds at the uni-
Tcrsitv.
Mayor Sutro nnmed the San Francisco
delegates to the Anti-Funding Bill Convention,
which is to be held at Metropolitan Temple on
Saturday next.
J. Marclukowsky, who hns been trying to get
control of his colored wife's property, is about
tr> apical from Judge Murphy's decision to the
Supreme Court.
Judge Seawell has denied the w,rit of man
date asked for by Henry Miller, and in so do
i.tg has declared the legality and the force of
the fee bill of 1695.
w. Wittland, iving teller of the Grangers'
Bank, wns short in his accounts over $112,000,
and although detectives are searching for him
he rannnt be found.
Tht Board of University Regents yesterday
decided to send an expedition to observe the
fo'pr eclipse on the eastern coast of Japan,
which takes place Ln July.
Dr. E. L. Molass, a French physician, sick
and despondent, committed suicide at the new
French Hospital yesterday morning by shoot
ing himself in the head with a revolver.
Chailes Nauman was acquitted In Judge
Low's court yesterday of the chare of selling
wild duck out of season, and a warrant was
immediately sworn out against his son
Clarence.
Arthur Derby was sent to the Xapa Asylum
for the Insane by the Insanity Commissioners
yesterday. He came here on the steamer Peru
from Hoi gkong, from which place he had been
tent by the American Consul. He was a sailor.
In an interview with E. H. Hinton, agent of
the Pa::ama Railroad Company in this City,
the position of that company relative to the
Pacific Mail Steamsaip Company and the
trans-continental lines ivas clearly defined ves
t*rday. .
.John Madison was booked at the City Prison
yesterday on the charge of burglary. He broke
Hito the residence ot I^on Blum, 1226 Post
f-treet, on January 11. the police gay, and stol<;
a set of trpenter's "tools belonging to W. A.
Bardick.
The new Chinese Consul-General, Fung Yung
Hun. Issued a circular yesterday informing
tlie ilneae oi the change in the consulate on
accoun' of Li Yung Yew having been detailed
to resumt; the negotiatious for a treaty between
Mexico and China.
The executive committee of the Republican
State Central Committee met yesterday and
decided to prepare an apportionment of dele
gates and to draft a call for the State pri
maries. The general committee will be called
together February "J9.
J. A. Duke, a colored man, who upon habeas
corpus tried to escape the penalty of grabbing
£!* from a poker tfiti!<\ has Deen remanded. He
vas charged with grand larceny, but this was
reduced to petty larceny, and he claims there
should have been a reler.se and another arrest.
The Alaska Packers' Association re-elected
Its officer! at its annual meeting yesterday.
The financial statement showed that'after pay
ing one big dividend the association had on
hand a profit of £426,393 after having set aside
*■_'•; i '..•!!>«; 15 in the reserve funds. The capital
■took is $3,079,505.
Mayor Sutro and the committee of fifty have
appealed to the Governor and Legislature of
Kentucky to revoke the charter of the South
ern Pacific Company, on the ground that the
corporation deceived the Bine Grass State
when the charter was granted, and that the in
sTument conflicts with the laws of other
Slates,
The agreement of the Pacific Telephone
Company not to send telegraphic messages
over their wires expires in November, 189(>.
t.eneral Manager Sabin has ordered the tele-
phone-girls in the Sunset department to learn
te'.egrapny, and instruments will be put into
the offices at odcc, and telegraph and tele
phone messages will be sent over the same
wires at the same time.
VIOLATING THE GAME LAW
The Case Against Charles Nau
man Heard Before a
Jury.
Nauman Acquitted, but a Warrant
Sworn Out for the Arrest of
His Son.
Judge Low's courtroom was crowded
yesterday afternoon when tho case of
Charies Nauman, a poultry-dealer on San-
Eomc street, charged with selling r wild
duck out of season, came up for trial be
fore a jury.
Doputy Fish Commissioner Babcock.
■who sworo to the complaint, was asked by
Attorney Riordan, who appeared for the
defendant, if he had any personal knowl
edge of the facts in the complaint and
lie replied ir. the negative.
Attorney Kionl.in tiromptiy moved. for a
dismissal, but the Judge decided to hear
the evidence.
Etta Gladstone, the young woman who
hr.s appeared in previous cases, testified
that she purchased a pair of wild ducks
from Nauman's eon. In cross-examina
tion she denied that she said she was ar.
orphan priri and wanted the ducks for her
sick mother, as ordered by her doctor.
The defendant testified that he was not
aware of any wild ducks heine in bis
store at *h« time alleged in the complaint.
Clarence, the sou, testified that he sold
the wild ducks to Miss Gladstone. She
said she was, an orphan irl and wanteJ j
tl>e wild <iucks for. her feeble mother as
the doctor had prescribed wild ducks for ,
her. His sympathy was aroused and he I
presented ber with a pair of wild ducks,
but she insisted upon paying for them and
ac barged her only two'bits.
After argument the Judge instructed the
jury to acquit the defendant. Aliss Glad
stone at once swore to a complaint charg
ing CJarcnce Nauman with violating the
Jaw,
GEORGE A STONE
FOR PRESIDENT
A Most Exciting Election
in the Union League
Club.
BIGGEST VOTE ON RECORD
Money Was Freely Paid Into the
Treasury to Allow Delin
quents to Vote.
GEORGE H PIPPY, SECRETARY.
General R. A. Friedrich Made a Gallant
Contest for the Presidency, and Al
most Carried the Works.
The most exciting contest in the history
of thel'nion League Club took place yester
day and resulted in the election of a board !
of directors favorable to Colonel George A. \
Stone for president and George H. Pippy |
for secretary. Charles M. Shortridge was
elected a director by a majority of two, |
and a tie resulted between W. D. San born
and Tirey L. Ford.
The polls opened at 1 r. m., and at that
hour a large number of voters were ready |
to deposit their respective ballots. The
judges of election, Cornelius O'Connor and
W. T. Y. Schenck, were on hand to receive
the votes. For the first hour sixty votes
were thrown, and when the polls closed at
*:30 r. m. lt>2 ballots had been cast. The 1
vote was unprecedented]}- large and sur
passed by GO the highest estimates made by ;
members. The highest number registered i
at any annna election heretofore was I
seventy-nine; hence a vote doubling that
number wa3 a complete surprise.
The supporters of Colonel George A.
Stone as well as the adherents of General I
Robert A. Friedrich were well organized
and worked actively from the opening i
until the closing of the: polls. While the!
voting was actively progressing in the i
SCENES IN THE Cl.l BRCO.M DURING THE ELECTION.
[Sketched by a "Call" art
main room Secretary Morton was kept
busy receiving coin in his office and issuing
receipts certifying that members were clear
on the books. Under the rule members
delinquent for- December and previous
months could not vote until the indebted
ness was paid.
The canvass to bring in members was so
active that many old-timers, who had not
been in the clubrooms for years, marched
to the polls and received cordial applause
on all sides. One loyal supporter of
General Friedrich paid an account of $110
in order to cast his vote for his favorite
candidate. Many accounts ranging from
$50 to $100 were settled to secure the right
of franchise. It was a great day for the
treasury of the club and all rejoiced at the
influx of coin. The active workers in the
cause of General Friedrich were: T. K.
Stateler, W. D. Sanborn, Samuel Short
ridge, John D. Spreckels, Arthur Spear and
John J. Wirtner.
The workers for Colonel Stone were Gen
GENERAL K. a. I KIJLDKICH.
[Sketched from life l»j q, ''Call" artist.]
THE SAIS T FRANCISCO UALL« WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 189(>.
COLONEL GEORGE A. STONK, PRF.SIDE.NT ELECT.
[Skctohed by a ''Call" artist.]
eral J. F. Sheehan, George H. Pi))py,
Samuel Thornton and A. E. Castle.
The representation of country members
was very large and gratifying. Voters
came froni Placer, Sacramento, Sonoma,
San Benito, Kern, Ventura, Santa Bar
bara, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, Yuba,
Santa tiara, Yolo, Monterey, San Luis
Obispo, Mendocino, Napa, Shasta, Nevada,
Santa Cruz, San Joaquin, J>ake, Siakijou
and El Dorado.
Following is a list of the members that
voted yesterday :
S. W. Backus, \V. T. Y. Schenck, J. A. Loutitt,
c.-iptain R. J.Riley, W. H. Coffin, Judge J. C.
Hebbard, A. 1.. Lenirfeld, J. B. BpearJr., w. n.
('ole, Judge K. B. ('rtrjienter, J. M. I. itch field,
Arthur W. ('. O'Connor, J. I. Kiddcr, K.
'/.. Johnson, S. i:. Thornton, A. S. *'astlt», J. K.
Doolittle, O. A. Hale, Keel Jones, F. A. Vail, J.
A.. Codes, G. F. Crocker, T. K. Btateler, J. T.
Sullivan, H. L. Joachimson, Carroll Cook,
! Colonel George X. Stone, James Mc-
Nab, A. P. Williams, George H. Pippy,
N. B. Wegener, L. H. Garrign*, N. k. Masten,
.1. F. Coope, Mrury Melone, J. F. Sheehan, Louis
; S!oss Jr.. J. K. Keo ron, T. v. Uoodman,
: Thomas Flint Br., C. G. Clu.ch, i:. a. Friedrich,
: F. H. Burke, S. M. Snortridre, 1. \\ . Henderson,
'H. C. Dibble, C. M. Beal, l\ H. Barbour, EC.
Huehes, Samuel Haslett, K. B. Deniaon, C H.
i Phillips, R. ('. Wulrath, John Jtolheer, John J.
Wirtrier, V. P. Bberman, 11. T. Lally, Louis
I Montgomery. J. H. Mangels, F. P. Hooper,
!R. E. Jack, H. M. Gray, I». L. lln.iv
. R. McMoxray, J. J. O'Connell, William Mac
: donald, S. M. Ncal. J. H. Jewett, A. H. Vail
E. B. Maatick, N. T. Conlson, C. F. Bassett, J. A.
Watt, F. da [.. Carrlngton, B. J. Watson, w. H.
McNeil, \v. B. Starbird, C. II Dunnmore, C. W.
Smith, c. w. Randall, J. W. Carmany, ILL).
Bcxibner, H. J. Hart, F. W. Spencer, C. C. Mc-
Dourall, A. <;. Booth, M. H. Hecht, L«r\\is Gers
tje, Leon Slnss, K. A. Crothers,. Colonel S. M. B.
Young. K. T. Donnelly, H. H. Lynch, W. Sexton,
. c. ii. Fuller, John I>. Spreckels, I). T. Cole W
!H. Pratt, W. D. Sanborn, W. S. Edwards. C M
, Jennings, Irving M. Bcott, K. C. Palmieri. J. c.
Currier. J. 11. Stevens, M. Cooney, Benjamin
I R. Swan, C. C. Pratt, D. E. Miles, T. J Par
sons, C. S. Laumeister, A. B. Spreckels, J. J.
Crawford, P. N. Li lien thai, J. K. Freud, P. B.
Cornwall, J. E. Dolnn, T. B. MeFarland, F. \V.
Henshaw, \V. B. Hamilton, W. H. Crocker, J.
( . Daly, W. C. Van Fieet, W. H. 11. Hart,
Bimuel T. Black, O. H. Garroutc.S. J Hendy,
Tirey L. Ford. M M. Es.ee, Jesse B. Fuller. Paris
Kilburn, J.OB. Gunn, A. G. Myers, A. H. Castle,
K. T. Devlin, VV. W. Montague, Frank Me-
Langhlin, L. li. Cl ■inent, K. D, Peixotto, W. S.
Duval, F. VV. Uluckley, 11. A. McCraney, C. A.
Culver. R. 11. Lloyd, Josenti Bimonson, J. A.
Waymire, John Uaynes, A. B. Lemmon, George
VV. Root, f. B. Cornue, J. M. Mannon, Thointts
Flint .Ir , Peter B. Qalnlan, Thomas duff, A. J.
Johnston, G <>ri;o D. Clarke, W. p. Fuller, 0.-J.
Kron, C. M. Keenoy, E. P. l>urst, A. F. I'oiloek,
Henry Hook.
The contest was so close that the result
was not known until the last ballot was
1 counted at 10:30 o'clock. The official tally
sheet show 3 the vote cast for each candi
| date as follows:
S. W. Backus '. 145
i harl.-s U. clinch 152
I>iui I. col • 15ft
■. Harry N. Uray 44
'•■■■' -'<■ H. IMppy 141
' Km nk A. .Vnll 151
(ieorge A. hit one 88 j
Mt-cdJon 5... 89
-I.e. Currier 34
ChnritsM. Shortrldge 86
\V. 1). s«nhorn ; 85
Trey.L. Korrt • Kf>
It. A. Frifdrich 84
T. O. Parson* , }<"2
i A. \V. S|if;ir , 78 '
! John J. Winter 6t>
Of the eleven directors to be chosen the
first ten weie declared elected at the an
nual meeting last night. There is a tie on
the eleventh director between Ford and
; born, which will be settled at a meet-
I ing of the club to-night.
Seven of the directors chosen were on j
the Members' ticket, which was prepared !
as the ticket friendly to General Fried- ]
rich. Their names are: Charles M. Short
ridge, Samuel "W. Backus, Daniel T. Cole,
Frank A. Vail, George 11. Pippy, Charles
G. Clinch and Harry N. Gray, but with
the exception of Mr. Sliortridgo they were
! also on the ticket representing Colonel
Stone's following. it was conceded at the
Union League -Club last evening by the
| friends of General Friedrich that if the tie
was won by W. D. Sanborn of General
Friedrich's ticket there would still be a
majority of the board of directors in favor
of Stone.
It is acknowledged on all Bides that Gen
eral Friedrich, the first vice-president of
the club, made a commendable contest.
The cause of hi 3 defeat is plainly due to
personal pleading in favor of Georee H.
Pippy for secretary. Had the personal
sympathies which were excited in favor of
Pippy been eliminated from the contest,
General Friedrich would have gained a vic
tory 'without doubt. The loyalty of his
JUDportfrs enlisted the admiration of the
club. Many of them made great sacrifices
to attend the election and he appreciates
■their fidelity and support.
The tirst vote in the election was cast by
General 8.. W. Backus, the one-hundredth
vote by W. V. Sanborn, and the last ballot
in the box was put in by Harry Hook.
J. B. Fuller. Paris Kilbiirn antl M. M.
Estee were in line together.
At one time around the polls there were
Judges of the Supreme Court, steamship
and railroad men, bankers, merchants and
contractors. Only one high dispitte arose,
j and that wa3 over the assumed right of an
I honorary member to vote.
Commodore O'Connor aa one of the
judges of elected declined to receive the
ballot, and his decision was sustained.
The election enriched ihe club treasury
to tt;e amount of $1200.
In view of yesterday's election the club
will probably amend its laws so as to re
quire the election of all officers by a direct
vote of club members.
Special Officer Arrested.
Con Kelly, n special officer at the Midway
Plaisance.has been arrested on a warrant charg
ing him with assault with a deadly weapon.
The complaining witness is W. J. Bell, who,
with Con Ryan and Kobert IJoyd, was arrested
early last Weduesday morning by Kelly for dis
turbing the peace. The eases agaiust them
were dismissed by Judge Campbell yesterday.
Bell Bays Kelly hit him on the head with his
club and knocked him downstairs.
Delegates to the Convention.
Mayor Sutro has appointed Captain W. L.
Merry, Samuel Foster, Frank Dalton, Oscnr
Lewis, and I'eter V. Seculovich as delegates to
the California River Improvement Convention
which will beheld to-day at the Chamber of
Commerce. These delegates arc in addition to
the members of the Hoard of Supervisors, who
are expected to attend the convention in a
body.
DR. BROWN SPENDS
A BUSY DAY.
Flits From the Office of
Lloyd to That of
Louderback.
VISITS SIXTH STREET.
Strong Effort to Hold the Inves
tigation Behind Closed
Doors.
DEACONS WILL MEET TO-NIGHT.
Mrs. Tunnell Cut a Big Figure in
Religious Circles at Gait,
California.
The Brown-Davidson case waxes slow in
new developments so far as the public has
any knowledge, but that a great deal is
going on behind the scenes no one fa
miliar with the scandal will deny.
Dr. Brown was a busy man yesterday.
He flitted from street to street of the bis;
City like a man on serious business bent.
A part of the time was spent at Attorney
Reuben Lloyd's office, and from there he
went over to Attorney Louderback's apart
ments. Late in the afternoon he wan
dered alone Fifth and Sixth streets, appar
ently without any special object in view
except to kill time.
The reverend gentleman is persistent in
his refusal to be interviewed concerning
his alleged relations with Martha Overman
and Mrs. Stockton. He respectfully, but
firmly refers to his attorneys as the one
stumbling-block in his way toward a full
and complete exoneration from the accusa
tions.
Dr. Brown will not deny that he is payi
ng for time, though, on the other hand,
he will not admit that his present course
is governed by any such reason. He has
placed himselt in the hands of attorneys;
they will not peimit him to deny the
charges, and that is all there is to it.
The demand among the members of the
First Congregational Church for an mi
i vestigation is growing. Whether the
deacons take action to-night or not is now
apparently a matter of small moment, if
all indications are true. There are appar
ently enough members in favor of it to
compel a searching inquiry, in spite of any
methods which might be adopted by the
deacons or trustee;!.
There seems to be a disposition on the
part of a few of the members of the Fir.st
Congregational Church to have the inves
tigation conducted privately. Mr. Dexter
has had charge of the matter up to this
time, thougli it is believed that at the
meeting to-night he will be relieved of his
self-appointed task of conducting the in
quiry.
The semi-official investigation of the
Bay Association will probably be post
pone I for two or three week.*, probably a
month. Rev. Mr. Wikoff, one of the com
mittee, will go to Los Angeles some time
(Hiring the present wtek, to be absent for
several days. The committee has until
April 13 to report, however, so there is no
great occasion to hurry the matter when
their unofficial position is remembered.
Dr. Williams, the probable chairman of
the association committee, says that as
yet no policy has been outlined.
'We have been given full power to act,"
lie said, "and consequently can conduct the
investigation in any way we see tit. To
hold an open investigation would mean
the re-enactment of the Police Court ex
nmination. which is certainly objection
able. 1 think the investigation should be
private, excluding even the press repre
sentatives. That, however, is a matter
which will he decided on later."
.Mrs. Tunnell, litte other characters con
nected with the Brown-Davidson scandal,
seems to be a woman with a history.
She at one time lived at Gait, Cal,, cut
ting quite a figure in religious circles in
the early part of 1886. She was a member
of the Holiness Band which appeared in
January of the year just named. They
collected all sorts of offerings from jewelry
to coi;i. There are many stories told of
her life at that place.
She appeared at Gait again in 1894, this
time, however, as Mrs. Tunnell. She
claimed a piece of property left by her
father. John E. Strong, but through some
legal technicality failed to gain control
of it.
The Franco-Calilornien of yesterday has
the following to say concerning' Dr.
Brown :
If Tastor Brown of the Congregational tem
ple on Post Mreet is not guilty oi the charges
that have t.een brought against him he litis, as
the Socialistic Deputy Minister once said of
Teirguea, ex-Minister of the Interior, an extra
ordinary amount of cheek. Last Sunday he
preached twice In hit church and twice "took
lor his text, "In limes of trouble we must
trust in providence." Bui between providence
nnd Dr. Jirovn there nro judges and the jury,
It seems that in view of the position in which
Pastor Hrown finds himself silence would have
been preferable, and before drawing the atten
tion of his congregation to virtue he should
first have demonstrated his own.
IT WAS POOR WRITING.
An Illegible Word Causes a Luv-
Suit Over an Agree
ment.
Balfour, Guthrie <fe Co. have filed an an
swer to the suit of L. Nieder-Hofheim to
compel the performance of the terras of a
conveyance, and in their answer they show
that poor penmanship was responsible for
the whole trouble.
The deed of conveyance bore date of
March 13, 1895, and transferred the Los
Pnlmas vineyard in Fresno County to the
plaintiffs with the "usual' 1 covenants.
This deed of conveyance was signed by the
defendants, but they claimed to have
signed it under misapprehension. They
say that it had been verbally agreed be
tween them that the vineyard should be
transferred to the plaintiffs upon the terms
and conditions set fortli in the within
memorandum of agreement, but by a deed
of conveyance without any warrants.
A memorandum contract was drafted
which was substantially thesameastheone
set forth in the complaint filed in the action,
except that the last four lines, beginning
with the words "deed with the usual cove
nants" were omitted. This draft of the
contract had been submitted by the plain
tiff to his legal adviser, who added to the
draft in pencil and in small and almost
illegible writing the four lines beginning
"deed wub the usual covenants." The
word "usual" was written so as to appear
very like the word "such," and as "such"
was" read by the defendants when the draft
was submitted to them. With the docu
ment thus drawn they were willing to
sign, and did so when the engrossed copy
was handed to them without further read
ing of the same.
After signing, however, the blunder was
discovered, and then the defendants
wanted to rescind the agreement. They
had agreed to transfer the property under
'•the usual covenants furnished" instead
of under "such covenants furnished" by
them as they saw fit.
On March 25 the defendants tendered a
conveyance moro nearly conforming to
what they considered was proper, but the
conveyance was refused unless the "usual
covenants" were included. Suit was then
commenced to compel the defendants to
adhere to the agreement, which was
signed, they claimed, by mistake. The
vineyard is "wortn $50,000."
THE SOUTH SIDE.
A Determination to Continue the Agita
tion Relntive to the Improvement
of Streets.
The executive committee of the Mission
and South Side Improvements Clubs met
last night and resolved to continue the agi
tation relative to bituminizing Folsom and
other streets in the South Side and Mission
districts. The Supervisors have already
appropriated $35,000 to improve Folsom
street, but this amount is only sufficient to
do the work to about Sixth street.
Captain George Raabe, Harvey Somers,
George D. Shadburne. F. \V. McEwen, Dr.
Kottanzi, G. L. Center, John Ryder, J.
Schwartz and A. B. Maguire were ap
pointed a special committee to wait on the
Market-street Railway Company to request
them to commence "work on the Folsom
street road at Nineteenth street and com
plete the line to its terminus as soon as
possible. A. report was made that the
work of bituminizing the block between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth streets has
been ordered done by the Board of Super
visors.
The New Viticultural College.
Trustees of the College of Practical Viticul
ture met yesterday afternoon and elected as
officers: Arpad Haraszthy, president; John
Swett, vice-president: 11. W. Crabb of Oak
ville, treasurer; Winiield Scott, secretary; A.
Wetmore, corresponding secretary. The trus
tees took steps to duplicate the viticultural
library recently taken by the State and to es
tablish headquarters in this City.
Cano'H Denial.
Eugene Cano, the jeweler, who had A. Rulfs
of Grove street and Van Xess avenue arrested
for forcible entry, and was in turn arrested at
the instance of Rulfs for threats against life,
denies that he owes any rent to Rulfs or that
his household goods were thrown into the
street. He says he left Rulfs' lodging-house
last Saturday night after paying his rent.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
The American Ship Iceberg
Burned in a Chilean
Port.
Peculiar Experience of Two Sailors
on the Schooner Laura
Madsen.
The barkentine Omega, now lying at
Howard-street wharf, brought a tale of
disaster from Junin. Chile, on her last trip.
She was lying close to the American
ship Iceberg, the latter being ready for sea
and the Omega being only partially
loaded. About 1 o'clock on the morning
of November 22 last everybody on the
barkentine was aroused by the cry of fire.
Rushing on deck they saw that the Ice
berg was on tire, and the flames were roll
ing out of the lazarette. As the vessel
was loaded with nitrate the captain
thought the best thing he could do was to
move. The Omega's cables were slipped
and she dropped astern.
It was only a very short time before the
Tceberg was a ma«s of flame. The mizzen
mast went by the board, and when the
flames reached the nitrate it was all over
with the ship. The hatches blew out and
shortly afterward the Iceberg broke in two
and went down. The British ship Cam
brian Prince, which was close to her, had
her ringing set on lire and some of her
sails went up in smoke. She was hauled
to a place of safety and the tire put out.
The captain of th?. Britisher afterward
took the officers and crew of the Iceberg to
an English port.
The Iceberg was an old vessel, built in
Boston in 1877. She was 1127 tons burden,
175 feet long. -37 feet broad and :i4 feet deep.
The captain and officers lost everything,
and some of them barely escaped with their
lives.
Mate Christianson and one of th»» crew
of the schooner Laura Madsen had a re
markable experience last night. The
vessel is lying at Fourth and Channel
streets and during the night some one got
aboard and stole both the men's clothes,
$10 in cash, a gold watch and chain and
sundry other articles. At the police sta
tion Cbristianson. said they had both been
chloroformed, but Captain Dunleavy
doubts the story. One thing is certain —
the men were so sound asleep that they
did not feel the thieves stealing the clothes
from off their backs.
The figurehead on the ship Rhoderick
Dhu had a bad time of it last nipht. She
is at Spear street, and there is just room
tor her, with only a few feet to spare.
When the tide bepun to fall the figure
head was jammed against the wharf. The
rfpresentation of Rhoderick Dhu suffered
greatly during trie strain and the chances
are it will have to be removed and another
one made in its place. The lowest tide of
the year was last night, and it was so much
the worse for the ship.
Owing to the rain of last Monday
steamers for Astoria and Puget Sound
could not take on freight. In consequence
the State of California went out very light
yesterday, and in fact was delayed an hour
and a half taking in enough cargo to act
as stiffening. The I'matilla that sails this
morning for Puget Sound will also go out
very light.
Work has already begun on the revenue
cutters Rush, Perry and Bear. The former
is to have her decks recaulked and an en
tire new deck is to be put in the Perry.
The crew are grumbling at this as they
wonder where they will rind quarters while
the work is being done. The Bear is to
have a new propeller. The inquiry into
the conduct of Captain Healy will begin at
10 a. m. to-day. The court will convene
but no work may be done as it is not cer
tain that Captains Hodgson aad Stodder
have arrived.
The Monterey came down from Mare
Island yesterday and will enlist about
NEW TO-DAT.
$5^T0.525-l°
ELECTRIC
BELTS.
Others ask from $20 to $75. Don't be hum- '
bugged into paying exorbitant prices for Electric
Beits. Call and see us before purchasing.
* Mail Orders Solicited.
ExpreHfiage Prepaid.
We are headquarters for
TRUSSES.
Prices $1.75 to $5.00.
We Guarantee a Perfect Fit.
OUR PHYSICIAN
Treats with success Catarrh, Rheumatism, Private
Diseases, Kidney, and liver Troubles, Nervous
Debility, etc.
WRITE TO US
Patients -out of the city treated as skillfully as
those in the city by writing forour question blanks.
.No charge for advice or diagnosis.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
833 3VEA.x>lx.ot Street,
South aide, bet. Fifth and Sixth,
thirty men. The Adams wants fifty men
and "when she gets them will start for
Honolulu.
A young man named Johnson, an em
ploye of one of the Dan bury (Conn.) bae
tragemen, is a curiosity in his way. He is
17 years old and measures <j feet 7 inches
in h:s stocking feet. With his shoes on
three-quarters of an inch is added to hia
height. During the Dast year he has
grown nearly a foot.
The army of Venezuela, on a peace foot
ing, consists of 1000 horsemen, 4000 in
fantry soldiers and 1000 artillerymen, ex
clusive of loc;il militiaand irregular troops.
By the law of Venezuely all citizens be
tween the ages of 18 and 45 (both inclusive)
are liable to service in the national militia.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
V THEATRE "<•'*•
last WEEK! LAST MATINEE SAT. OF
AmeriCA's Representative Tragedian,
MR. LOUIS JAMES.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY,
— " ive^\.o33ii;ti3: —
Thursday "MARMIOX"
Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee...
"KOMBO ANI) JULIET"
Saturday Night "lIAMLET"
NEXT MONDAY!
JOYOUS RETURN!
I IS!T I M : SEATS
J*;L« UN ; READY
SEASON'S r\i r> : thursda y.
GREATEST UL - Lr
TRIUMPH! KENTUCKY I
l9P^*T-rt EATRE *I W,o p s.
Every Evenine! Matinee Saturday 1
Second, and Last Week of
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And a Carefully Selected Company.
TO-NIGHT (WEDNESDAY) and THIT.SDAY—
A Magnificent Revival of iSheridan
Knowles' Comedy,
"THE LOVE CHASE."
Friday Night and Sat. Matinee "CAM ILLS"
Saturday and bui!day."AN UNEQUAL MATCH"
+S. ALCAZAR
"Wednesday Pflp"latinee To-day 2 P. 1.
Ice Cream, Cake and Popular
Novels for Everybody.
EMPHATIC SUCCESS OF
"MYPEECIOUSBABY!"
Many of the funniest scenes on the stage.
" Right .you are!" says Moses.
Saturday Matinee— Dolls for Everybody.
Nijrht Prlces-lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
Matinee Prices— loc, 15c, 25c. No higher
Saturday WOLVES OF NEW YORK.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mkk. i-B> tin k KBFi.rxo Proprietor .M>n«{9:
TO-IfflG-HT
SECOND EDITION
' Of the Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque.
KALEIDOSCOPIC VIEWS _
I OK •*•
0 THE HEAVENS. THE EARTH 0
N AND THE SEA. N
A TREAT FOR YOUNG AND OLD!
BRING THE I'HILDRtN !
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
* tk- r <» t£s /- — -l -^
rniCDLAnDLUC-CrTLOD « ro- usita ahd HAnAOtKj- • •
TO-NIGHT
! THE SENATOR! \
991^1 BY TIIK
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Monday Next— "THE ENSIGN." ■
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSUO, Sole Lessee and Manager
- THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
E-edley Brown's Great Pastoral Play,
"A LONG LANE!"
A Tale of Strong Interest
Dealing With Modern American Life.
J-VENixa I'ricej— 2s<s ani 5Ta '
Family Circle and Gallery. 100.
Ugnal Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton ani Potsll. ■
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK.
REMARKABLE SEW ATTRACTION!:
A UNIFORMLY SUPERB BILL!
GILMORE AND LEONARD,,
MONS. WM. ROBERTS,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
OUR ALL-STAR COMPANY.
Reserved spats. 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera cnalrl
and Box seats, 60c.
TWELVE
WLWER.-. HEALTH. -.TALKS
To Mothers and Daughters
Will Be Given at the Viavi Hall,
2304.VAN NESS AVENUE,
WEDNESDAY AFTERSOOSS at 2:30 o'Clock
Beginning January 15, 1896.
NO ADMISSION CHARGED.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION SI.OO.
Take Southern Faciiic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at li;: 40 nnd 1:15 p. v.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Slisaion-street electric line dlreoe
to track.
A. K. BPRKCKKLS, W.S.LGAKE.
I'residenu • Secretary.
LOTS OF FUN TO-MORROW
.'hooting the Chutes and Tripping the Trolley I
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION 10 CENTS
Children (Including ■ Merry-Go- Round Klde), 10c.
COLUMBIA BICYCLE-RIDING
ACADEMY,
1970 Page Street, 'Near Stanyan, Park
Entrance.
The Most Elaborate and
Complete Cyclery in America.
Commodious Indoor Riding and Instruction Ilall,
fully equipped and free from all obstructions.
• Luxurious Iteceptlon-rooms, Baths, Lockers, etc
Columbia nnd llartford Bicycles and Tandem*
for Sale and Kent. Wheels taken on storage.
78
BUILDING AT THE GOVERNMENT'S EXPENSE
Railroad Tactics on the Ala
meda Narrow Gauge
Line.
"HARBOR IMPROVEMENT"
The Roadbed Along the Trestle
Filled by Uncle Sam's
Dredgers.
LITTLE HOPE FOE A CANAL.
Alameda's Waterway Not Likely to
Enter Into Competition With
the Railroad This Century.
The Alameda tidal canal has been on
the map nearly a quarter of a century.
During all that period the cay of Alameda
tnd on the map. Soowa and
schooners have been able to run clear up
to Park street, and with the turning of the
drawbridge it has been possible for them
to go on up into San Leantiro Bay and out
acain to the open water at the south. Such
are the conditions on tne map.
With that extension of t!ie head of Oak
land Creek navigation, years ago, the sister
- across the bay from San Francisco
obtained the highest degree of commercial
freedom ana were forever released from the
previous conditions of subjection to rail
road monopoly— on the map.
The Alameaa merchant, endeavoring to
obtain favorable facilities of transportation,
has bten permitted, instead of carting his
poods four miles from tte foot of Broad
way, to land the merchandise a few hun
dred feet from his place of business; but
that, too, has been only on the map.
Regular currents, surging twice a day
through the tidal canal, haye left the
entire estuary free from the accumulations
of mud, saving to the Federal Government
MAP OF THE TIDAL CANAL, BUILDING AT THE GOVERNMENTS EXPENSE, i
the enormous cost of unnecessary redredg
ing. The natural winter harbor of the
ships held at San Francisco has thus been
made a perfect haven, End navigation Has
become as open and free at Oakland and
Alameda as at San Francisco. The con
tinual motion of the tide has kept the
estuary free from stagnation, and the sani
tary effects may be observed even to the
remotest end of the fair Lake Merritt. But
all, all this is the story of the map.
Money enough has been appropriated to
make the Alameda canal a reality instead
of a mere map ornament, but although
shipping men and tne harbor experts
agree that the opening up of that little
•waterway is one of the first requirements
of navigation of the creek the money has
been used in carrying out other plans.
The last appropriation of $200,000 made
by Congress is being used for the Oak
land harbor improvements, but the im
provements now under way are such |
tnat the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany gets the greatest benefit, while
there is little or no advantage to the resi
dents of Oakland or Alameda in any bet- j
ter facilities for transportation.
Not onJy is the railroad company profit
ing by the improvement of the lower chan- j
nel, in which its creek boats run, but it is
making use of the Government dredging j
operations to build up the solid earthway, j
as wide as Market street or wider, along j
the line of toe narrow-gauge trestle.
The railroad company may not be using
any influence on the Oakland harbor work, j
as the officers maintain, but however that
is, the improvements are of a character to
benefit the railroad without giving any
advantages to competitive transportation.
When the tidal canal was first projected
Oakland and Alameda thought that the
day of their deliverance from commercial
bondage had come. The ships of the sea
were expected to soon be as close to those
cities as to San Francisco, and the mer
chants on the mainland side of the bay be
came jubilant over the prospect of actual
seaport advantages. But the canal is net
yet complete, and there is no indication of
the time when the work of construction
can be resumed.
I The dredging was begun years ago, and
THE TIDAL CANAL FROM THE DRAWBRIDGE.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
about two-fifths of the canal has been com
pleted, leaving a third of a mile or so yet
to be dug out. The width of the canal is '
: 400 feet.
Near Park street in Alameda a stretch of i
the canal was scooped out, there being no
connection with tidewater. A $40,000
drawbridge was placed over that isolated ;
section of the canal, and there the project
was compelled to await developments and <
further appropriations.
The new appropriations were granted by
Congress, but the money has been almost i
entirely directed to other uses than the I
opening of the canal, and the scooped-aut i
section of the waterway, with its pictur- '
esque drawbridge, has remained without
even a threat of competition to the South
ern Pacific Company. The stretch of canal
at the bridge was filled with fresh water,
and that becoming stagnant was a me.nace
to health until an outlet six feet wide was
i dug. Last winter the six-loot stream was
I widened to sixty feet, and there is no im
■ mediate prospect of any dredging in addi-
I tion to that.
A hurried estimate, made for The Call
; by an expert on harbor work, is that the
i cost of completing the Alameda canal and
■ making of it. the waterway that was origi
i nally planned by the Government engi
neers would not exceed $150,000. At the
I last session of Congress a $200,000 appro
i priation for Oakland harbor was made, and
that money has been nearly used up with
out any material advancement in the line
of the canal work.
The dredging in the upper portion of the
creek has not only been of value, the en
gineers say, but is absolutely necessary to
the making of a good harbor. There is
also urgent need of dredging at the lower
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
] part of the creek, according to the authori
j ties, but the greater advantages would
• have been derived by other worK under
this appropriation, reserving the lower
portion of the creek, which is now fairly
open, for future improvements. The prin
cipal argument why the tidal canal should
[ have been completed before the dredging
j now being done is that without the flow
! of the tides through the canal the creek-
I bed will quickly rill up again and redredg
i ing will be required.
The work of dredeing over and over
asrain the places that have filled up has
taken a great proportion of the Oakland
harbor appropriations, and there is no
hope that the difficulty can be overcome
except by the influence of the Alameda
canal.
It is conceded that with a better harbor
' Oakland would be more practically a sea
port town than at present and would be
| more independent of the railroad than it
j now is. The railroad company has never
j sought to secure harbor improvements nor
to leave for the city any water-front privi
; leges that could be appropriated. Ala
i meda is in a worse condition than Oakland
: is, for it has no favorable opportunity for
water transportation beyond the foot of
Broadway, and is practically as much
, under the control of the railroad as if it
. were an inland city. Freight is received
at the foot of Broadway, the railroad boats
: getting a large share of even that trans
portation, and hauled from there into Ala
-1 meda by wagon— that being cheaper than
paying the railroad charges. " .
"Whether the railroad company is using
'■ its influence to prevent the completion of
the Alameda canal or not there can be no
I doubt that it is getting the direct benefit
; of the work now being accomplished under
; the $:?00,000 appropriation.
Not only is it getting the advantage of a
I deep and safe waterway for its own steam
! boats, whicii do not run beyond the foot |
: of Broadway, but it is also having its wide '■
' and solid roadway along the narrow-gauge I
; trestle built up by the dredging operations
for which the Government is paying.
In order to drcdee out the bed of the
creek it is necessary to dispose of the mud i
; and in order to build up a solid roadway
| like that now being constructed along the
j narrow-gauge, line it is necessary to get
• earth from somewhere. The creek and
I narrow-gauge* line running side by side,
the combination of circumstances was fa
vorable and the Government contractor i
was induced to pump the mud out where
; the railroad company wanted it.
The stretch of land thus jutting out into
the bay a mile or two is the property of
the railroad company, while the expense of j
i rilling it in la borne almost entirely by the
I Government in paying' for the dredging.
'•It makes no difference to the Govern
: ment," said a local engineer, "what is done
j with the mud taken from the bed of the
! creek so long as the disposal of it is satis
| factory to the Government engineers. This
' method of disposal being satisfactory to
j the Government the railroad had only to
i deal with the contractor and pay him 2 or
' 3 cents a yard for pumping the mud on to
J their right of way. Of course it's nothing
! directly out o! the Government's pocket,
but it is a good thing for the railroad and
the contractor.
"If the railroad company has used its
i influence in any way I think it has used it
'■ to bring about such a happy combination
j of circumstances and to have the dredging
j done in the right place and at the right
j time. Anybody can see that it is better
for the railroad to have the dredgers at
| work in the lower creek just now than in
the Alameda canal at any time."
There is little prospect that the tidal
canal will be known In the present gener
ation, but the building up of the railroad
right of way along the narrow-gauge tres
tle, a seemingly greater undertaking, has
been nearly accomplished.
IS EXPECTED TO RESIGN.
General Thompson, Commandant of the
Veterans' Home Association, Ignored
an Article of Its Constitution.
Although the kindliest feelings exist
among the directors of the Veterans'
Home Association toward General Thomp
son, commandant, and although each
member respects him as a most estimable
gentleman, still the directors have seen fit
to request his resignation. This is simply
because General Thompson, as they state,
h.eld a certain article of the constitution in
disregard. This article rsads:
The board of director! are vested with all the
corporate powers of the association, and must
make all needful rules and regulations for the
management and government of the home.
The general's resignation is expected to
be presented on the 18th of this month.
The secretary stated that no especial ar
bitrary act precipitated this action on the
part of the directors. "The matter has
been brewing for some time," said he,
"and the dissatisfied feeling has grown
gradually. There was no last straw or
anything of that kind, simply, as I stated,
a desire for a vacancy in this particular
office. The general has always beer very
desirous of having things his own way and
would utterlj disregard the orders of the
board of directors. For this reason they
wisn his removal.
"Whether the office will be refilled again
is difficult to say. But presumably it will
remain vacant."
CURRY SCORES A POINT.
A Signal Victory in Favor of
the 'Ninety-Five Fee
Bill.
NEW LIGHT ON THE QTJESTION.
General Laws Must of Necessity Re
peal All Special Legislative
Acts.
Judee Eeawell has decided the fee-bil
case, and in doing so has upheld County
Clerk Curry in his determination to col
lect fees under the 1895 fee law instead of
according to the laws of 1893.
The case before Judge Seawell was
brought by Henry Miller, and Its only
object was to test the fee law under which
the County Clerk was then acting, and to
establish, if possible, the law which should
govern. Miller and others were being sued
by one Laily, and in filing his answer Millor
offered the paper unaccompanied by the
fee of !f2, which the fee law of 1895 says
shall be paid for the filing of an answer.
The clerk refused to file the paper until the
fee was paid.
Miller then sued for a writ of mandate
to compel Mr. Curry to accept the answer
without fee, and upon this application for
a writ the case came before Judge Seawell.
Judge Seawell has denied the writ.
The fee-bill litigation dates back since
IStiU and before. Prior to 1860 tiie fees of
San Francisco were set by various acts
passed at various times, but as these acts
were found unsatisfactory a special law,
applicable only to San Francisco, was
passed, regulating all fees charged in this
City and County.
In 1879 the constitution was adopted.
In it were two clauses apparently of but
little significance in the case of the fees of
this City, but really having a most im
portant bearing on the case. One of these
was that no existing law not in coniiict
with the terms of the newly adopted con
stitution should be repealed by its adop
tion; the second was that from tlie adop
tion of the constitution no special laws
should be passed by the Legislature.
In l?!tt another fee bill was passed by
tbe Legislature, but it was found to have a
special" application to this City, and so
was declared unconstitutional.
In l*",ir> a third fee bill was passed,
general i:i its terms and laying down the
amounts of fees to be charged in cities set
forth in the constitutional classification.
It was under this last fee bill that Mr.
Curry was conducting his office. He had
been operating under the law of 18 : «, but
when this was knocked out he went back
to the one of 1860. He was advised by the
City and County Attorney, however, that
he should consider the law constitutional
until it was declared not to be so,*aii'l in
pursuanceof this advice he put the 1895
law in operation on October 29, 1895. Two
days liter Miller presented his answer to
be liied, and then the last, litigation com
menced.
The case was briefly argued before Judge
Seawell yesterday morning. Mastick &
Mastiik appeared for Miller and S. M.
Shortridge represented Curry. In support
oi their application tor a writ plaintiff's
counsel contended that as the law of 1866
wa.- a special act it could not be repealed
by a general law Mich as ths law of 1895.
This law of 1895 included a clause repeal
ing conflicting statutes, but plain ti f fs
counsel claimed that as the original act
was especially designed for San Francisco
no law applicable to the entire State could
set it aside.
In answer, Mr. Shnrtridge pointed to
the clause of ttie constitution which pro
hibited special laws. If the special law of
INKi could not be repealed by a ceneral
law and if the constitution specifically for
bids special acts of legislation how then,
lie demanded, could the law of 18<W be
i repealed at all? Had the constitution not
i intervened, then, he proceeded, there
j might be reason to suppose that a specific
I act would be required to repeal a specific
j act; but all suen acts are now prohibited,
(and the only way under ihe constitution
j that ill-fitting and obsolete special legisla
i tion may be mended is by general laws,
j such as the fee bill of 1 - ■ .
Mr. Shortridjje offered to file further
I points and authorities on the case, but
I Judge Seawell declined, saying the consti
; tutiun was practically unanswerable, and
he would deny the writ without further ar
gument.
The fee bill is part of the county eovern
j mem act, and speculation is rife as to the
possibility of making the whole act stand
in this City as well asa portion of it. Such
portions as do not conflict with the con
; solidation act can be applied, but the old
j question as to whether San P~rancisco is
brst a city or first a county, and how far
county legislation affects it, is still open.
A long step toward the solution of the
difficulty lias oeen taken, however, in the
victory just gained. The case will be
appealed.
A COLORED WIFE'S LAND.
J. Marcinkowski Is to Appeal
From Judge Murphy's
Decision.
His Deceased Spouse Was an African
by Birth and the State Laws
Interfere.
J. Marcinkowski, who married a colored
lady of money and who has cone through
two or three courts in the effort to gain
control of his dead wife's small wealth, is
about to appeal from Judge Murphy's
decision to the Supreme Court.
Mr. Mardnkowski is a Hebrew, and his
deceased wife, as testimony adducea
during the probate proceedings proved,
was a full-blooded negress.
The late Mrs. Marcinkowski had prop
erty valued at $10,000 or $12,000. Among
her possessions was a valuable building
lot at 910 Pine street. That lot was valued
at $7000 or $8000.
After his colored wife's death Mr. Mar
cinowski filed a petition for letters of ad
ministration on her estate.
The petition was granted by Judge
black. Subsequently the dead woman's
sister, Mrs. Carlisle, had the order set
aside and letters were issued to her.
During the rehearing before Judge
Murphy Walter Linforth, Mrs. Carlisle's
attorney, proved that Mrs. Marcinkowski
was the daughter of full-blooded African
parents and that hef marriage with Mr.
Marcinkowski, a white man, was in viola
tion of the laws of the State.
The husband set up the claim that his
wife s possessions were community prop
erty. J r r
Mrs. Carlisle said that Mrs. Marcin
kowski s property was in her own name,
and therefore separate property; that she
had borrowed money thereon from Mrs.
Carlisle for the purpose of building a
bouse.
Mrs. Carlisle's allegations were cor
roborated by notes from her deceased sis
ter securing the loan of several thousand
dollars, the money being used in the erec
tion of a handsome residence on the Pine
street property. After securing letters of
administration Mrs. Carlisle brought suit
in ejectment against Marcinkowski and
also to quiet title.
Marcinkowski claimed that half of his
money was used in the purchase of the
Pine-street property, but Judge Murphy
did not consider Mrs. Carlisle's notes as
corroborative of his claim, and Mr. Marcin
kowski lost his suit.
Mr. Marcinkowski does not propose to
give up the contest until his appeal to the
Supreme Court has been heard.
Though proof was offered and accepted
that Mrs. Marcinkowski way the daughter
of full-blooded African parents, she was
as light in complexion as an octoroon.
Her sister, Mrs. Carlisle, is also very light,
and the iatter's daughter is even "lighter
in complexion than the average Spanish
senorita.
According to the proof accepted by the
courts their parents were of the purest
African blood, hence the illegality of the
marriage of Mr. and Sirs. Marcinkowski
under the laws of this fctate.
PROFITS IN SALMON.
Interesting Tievelationa Made by the
Annual Statement of the Alaska
■ Packers' Association.
The annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Alaska Packers' Association was
held yesterday afternoon at 330 Market
street. There was a full attendance. The !
entire bod y of officers and directors who
served last year were re-elected. They
are: Henry Fortman, president; Sidney
M. Smith and Charles Hirsch, vice-presi
dents; W. B. Bradford, secretary; direc
tors—George \V. Hume, S. B. Peterson,
H. A.Williams, E. B. Pond and Isaac
! Liebes.
The statement of the financial affairs of
the association is full of interesting facts,
though it is very brief. It shows that the
assets amount to : $3,821,501 99. of which
nearly $1,500,000 is indeoendent of the
plant and represents what the association
has which could be disposed of. .:. \ ■ •:
Another interesting fact as shown in the
statement is that although one large divi
dend was paid in 1895, tnere remained a
profit at the end of the year of $420,393,
after $260,496 15 had been" set aside in tne
insurance reserve fund and the contingent
reserve fund. This profit would represent
a second dividend of over 14 per cent on
the capital stock of $3,079,505.
The statement is as follows: '
ASSETS.
Canneries and fishing stations '.....$2,161 "12 47
Inventories 528,192 81
Vuexpired insurance.... 5.679 55'
Kills receivable 837.58H03
yioat ing property 254,800 00
Cash on band. • .36,034 13
Total $3,821,501 99
"•. . LIABILITIES. ■:,{.:■■<■:,
Capital stock ; ; $3,079,505 00
Open accounts (employes, etc.) 49.107 84
Profit arid loss 426,893 (X)
Insurance reserve fun<i 152,413 A°
Contingent reserve lund 114,082 73
Total $3,821,501 99
The Alaska Packers' Association is a
young organization. It was formed four
years ago, when the number of canneries
springing up in the north was almost as
great as the number of salmon handled.
The larger firms formed a combine and
now practically control the business.
FOR STATE DEVELOPMENT
Plans for Establishing Permanent
Exhibits in Eastern
Cities.
Headquarters Will Be Located in
•Chicago, Whence Excursions
Will Be Sent.
The executive committee of the State
Development Committee met yesterday in
its rooms in the Mills building and lis
tened to an interesting report of the work
done by this organization at the Atlanta
Exposition. The report stated that forty
stereopticon lectures were delivered to
large and appreciative audiences upon the
attractions and resources of California.
The lectures proved one of the notable
attractions of the exposition and that they
were appreciated is evinced by the follow
ing testimonials engrossed and s-nt to the
lecturer, Mrs. Lucy Underwood McCann,
by the executive committee of the Woman's
Department: "Your lectures and sttreop
ticon views, showing so vividly the mag
nificence of your splendid State, were
greatly appreciated by our committee and
by the entire board of the women mana
gers of the Cotton States and International
Exposition, etc." Signed L. Gordon,
chairman.
Another testimonial of merit was pre
sented by Mrs. McCann, which was signed
by J. P. Snow and all of the Commis
sioners. The report in conclusion said:
Thus California through the efforts of the
State Development Committee and its repre
sentative has received a large amount of adver
tising in addition to th«t of the lectures.
The cooking exhibits under the charge of F.
\V. Crandtill were not less important and
brought more immediate riMi'.ts through or
ders taken for California products.
The practical testing of a plan whereby Cali
fornia oroducis may be disposed of at less loss
between the producer and consumer and an in
creased consumption induced is not the least
important feature of the committee's work.
A lone; tiscussion followed relative to
the advisability of. placing small perma
nent exhibits of California products in the
large Eastern cities, and as a result the
following resolution was adopted:
i'<l, That thla committM undertake to
place a smal] but well-aeleoted exhibit of Cali
lornia products in the leading cities of the
Ea^t. And be it further
Ruotvtd, That a headquarters be established
in Chicago, in which an exhibit of products of
the State shall be permanently kept, and from
which U-cturers and workers shall be sent out
an<l at which home-seekers shall be gathered
for a series of excursions to California. And
be it
Jft nlved. That this committee respectfully
requests the State Board of Tras'.e to supply it
With a small portion of its large collection ot
products for exhibition in tho Kast, and that
the clerk be instructed to communicate with
tliv state Hoard 01 Trade, inclosing a copy of
this resolution. And be it further
ftcsohrtl, That tills committee undertake &
thorough and systematic canvass of the State
for funds with w Inch to carry on that work.
The drawings for the new colored topo
graphical, climatic fctate map were sub
mitted by the artist, Chris Jorgenson, and
accepted.
The acceptances of a large number of
the lt<3 members appointed on the com
mittee throughout the .'State wire reported
and letters heartily indorsing the work of
the committee were read.
The clerk was instructed to prepare a
circular letter to be sent to the lar>:e land
owners, real-estate dealers and banks of
the iState, calling attention to the work
done and proposed by the committee, ana
asking for a contribution of $1 per month
for one year from each.
FEIGNING INSANITY.
Samuel 15. Thompson Again Attempts to
Hung Himself.
Samuel B. Thompson, the p.ged vender
of newspapers, made another attempt to
hane himself in the City Prison yesterday
morninc. All the other prisoners in the
cell were required in court and as the
of prisoners were passing the corridor in
charge of Bailiff Kelly, Thompson, who
had again manufactured a rope out of 'is
underclothing, tied one end around his
neck and tbe other to the crossbars of the
cell and tried to strangle himself.
Captain Robinson was at once sum
moned and cut the rope. Thompson was
severely lectured by tne captain and in
formed that if he ever again attempted
any such tricus he would be kept in a
straitjacket.
It is believed that Thompson is feigning
insanity in the hone that he will escape
trial for his felonious assaults upon little
girls.
February this ear begins and ends on a
Saturday.
AN EXCITING ARRIVAL.
Three Policemen Awaited the
Docking of the Steamer
Excelsior.
WAS IT AN ELOPEMENT?
Captain Higgins Was Arrested for
Libel, but a Runaway Couple
Escaped.
The steam schooner Excelsior, which ar
rived from San Diego yesterday morning,
met with a warm reception. As soon as
she docked at Mission-street wharf three
police officers boarded her. Two of them
were on the lookout for a runaway couple
and the third had a warrant for the arrest
of Captain J. F. Higgins on the charge of
libel.
About a month ago Gur.der Johnson
was first assistant engineer of the Excel
sior, but the captain and he could not
agree and Johnson was discharged. He
took his case before the Marine Engineers'
Association, and that body demanded an
explanation from Captain Higgins. The
latter wrote back saying Johnson was in
the habit of setting drunk and that ho was
no good as an engineer. This letter John
son secured, and on it he bases his libel
suit. Higgins was taken to the Harbor
Police station and gave $500 cash bail.
The runaway couple came up as Mr. and
Mrs. Miller, but at the Golden West Hotel
they gave the name of Mr. and Mrs. Frear.
The woman was accompanied by two
children, and the entire party occupied
one stateroom during the voyage. From
the hotel they went to a private house and
there the police located them and placed j
them under surveillance. Who they are j
Captain Lees refuses to state. A couple of
days ago he received a telegram from San
Diego asking him to keep track of the
couple and that some one would be along
in a short time to take the woman back, j
On the Excelsior no one knew anything
more about Mr. and Mrs. Miller than that
they got on at San Diego aud had acted in
a very quiet and unobtrusive manner. The
woman is ladylike, according to Mate Don
aldson, but the man appeared to have
worked hard for a living.
Chief Crowley on Monday received the I
following dispatch from A. C. Mitchell,
County Attorney, and L. W. Hindnian,
Sheriff, Lawrence, Kans.:
Arrest Bert Rich, alias E. A. Miller, ami Mrs.
E. L. ('harlton. They will arrive on Kxcelsior
from San Diego in San Francisco with two boys, !
Tuesday. Husband ol Mr>. E, L. Churl ton
star's from Lawrence, Kansas, to-day. Charge
abduction.
Yesterday the Chief received the follow
ing dispatcli from E. L. Charlton from
Denver:
Am on way there. Will arrive Thursday
evening. Hold parties sure. Take good care
of boys and wife.
It was not the intention of the Chief to j
arrest Rich and Mrs. Charlton, but he
jrave instructions to Captain Dunlevy of j
the Harbor Police simply to locate them. :
In view of the publicity given to the affair
he decided last night ?o order their arrest,
and they and the boys were tatcen to the
City Prison by Policeman Ferguson.
They had registered at the International
Hotel yesterday morning as brother and
sister, and later went to a rooming-house
on Geary street, where Policeman Fergu
son found them.
Rich, when seen in the City Prison, was
reluctant to talk about his arrest, but cer
tain facts were drawn out of him. He said
that Charlton was steward of the Deaf
and Dumb Institute at Oletha, Kans.,
which is about four miles from Lawrence.
His wife and two boys, one 10 years of asre
and the other (j, lived there with him.
"He treated her like a brute." said Rich,
"and come what will she won't live with
him again. He talks about abduction.
Why, there's no abduction about it. I
met her at New Orleans about two weeks
u<?o, and we went to San Diego together.
She asked me to assist b<»r and I did so.
She is a perfect lady in every respect. No,
she is not my sister, but t have been a
brother to her in her trouble, and I mean
to help her a* much as I can. 1 only wish
Charlton wa3 here. lam a mechanic and
age is 3G."
Mrs. Chailton retired to bed in Matron
Gilmore's apartments and refused to be
disturbed.
EICH'S EEOORD,
Admitted in San Diego That He Had Eloped
With Mrs. Charlton.
SAN PIEOO, Cal., Jan. 14.— A sensa
tional story is behind the elopement of
"B. A. Miller and sister" on the steamer
Excelsior. Rich lived in San Dieeo nine
years aeo, and left four years ago for Kan
says. He married eleven years ago and
has three children — all girls. About the
Ist of last November his wife died under
suspicious circumstances after an illness
of three weeks. The cause of death was
given as consumption of the bowels. Rich
collected $1000 insurance Epon her life.
Two weeks ago Rich turned up in this
city accompanied by the handsome and
richly dressed woman who accompanied
him to San Francisco. This woman is
Mrs. Ed Chariton, and her husband is
steward of the State Deaf and Dumb Asy
lum at Olathe, Kans. Rich knew that the
only living relative of his dead wife lived
in San Diego, but in spite of that he came
here and the other day ran across his rela
tive on the street. He was accused of
eloping with Mrs. Charlton, but he denied
it and insisted she was not with him.
Later, however, he admitted it and asked
h's accuser what she was going to do about
it. However, Mrs. Charlton promptly
dropped out of sight and the couple evi
dently scented trouble, as they took pas
sage on the Excelsior inimediately after
ward and kept their eoing a secret from
the landlady of their hotel.
To inquisitive persons who asked who
Mrs. Charlton was, Rich said she was his
housekeeper and caring for his three
daughters. His girls, however, are in
Lawrence, while the two boys accompany
ing the runaway couple are Mrs. Charl
ton's children; one is 7 and the other 11
years old.
"When Rich boucht passage for himself
and Mrs. Charlton he told the agent he
had just come up from a settlement near
the Mexican line, but he had not been out
of the city. He told a friend before leav
ing that he thought some of gomg to
South America.
While Rich is not wanted here on any
charge an officer here has been investigat
ing his case and believes that the man will
be called upon to explain his wife's mys
terious death. It is said that the woman
wasjembalmed, which might remove the
traces of arsenical poisoning if such there
were, but steps have been taken by the
Kansas authorities to exhume the body
and make an examination.
Rich is a paper-hanger, but is quite
stylish and has good clothe?, the proceeds
of the insurance money. Mrs. Charlton
also dresses stylishly and is handsome.
Rich is :;.">. li^ht complexion. f> feet 7 or 8
inches tall, weighs lt>o pounds and good i
locking. Mrs. Charlton is rather above
medium height, dark and heavily veiled.
A DOCTOR'S SUICIDE.
Unfortunate Knd of a Sick and Despond
ent French Physician.
Dr. E. L. Molass, a French physician,
committed suicide at the new French
Hospital on Point Lobos avenue early
yesterday morning by shooting himseli
through the head with a revolver.
Sickness and despondency are given as
the canse. Three weeks ago he came to
New York on the Atlantic steamer La
Bretaene and crossed tho continent to
California in the hope that the climate
here would cure him of consumption.
Becoming discouraged he took his revolver
and *ent a bullet into his rc*ht ear. He
died at 12:55 Tuesday morning, several
hours later. .. . . A 9
Deceased was a native of Pans and 43
years of age. He left no word of explana
tion. _
TO AID CHILDREN.
A Self-Help Society Has Been Formed
in Eureka, Humboldt
County.
A. Crocker, a member of the Humboldt
Self-Help Association, with its headquar
ters at Eureka, Cal., is in the City at the
present time preparing to make a tour of
the woolen-mills in and around Stockton,
Marysville ard Petaluma, with a view to
learning whether or not it would be prac
ticable to erect a mill in Eureka.
"We want to give the boys and girls of
our city something to do," s>aid Mr.
► Crocker yesterday, "and if it is good busi
ness judgment to erect and prepare for
operation a woolen-mill we "will put up
sufficient capital to begin work."
"What will be the basis of securing
funds?"
"There are about 150 citizens of Eureka
who will take stock in such an enterprise
and we have 'formed into what is known
as the Self- Help Association. J. P. Cowan
is the chairman and Sam Allard is secre
tary. Wp have already started a soap fac
tory, which is as yet an experiment. If
the quality of the output comes up to the
standard we will add more to it and go
into the business on a larger scale. Eureka
to-day is a great lumber center, and the
younger people of the town might be
turned to something that would be at the
same time profitable for them and a bench' t
to the entire county."
"How many employes will there be in
the woolen-mill?"
"About sixty or seventy, if it is a suc
cess. So far we have only gone into tha
preliminary details, but hope to be mov
ii.g in a short time."
REPUBLICAN DELEGATES
A Plan of Proportional Rep
resentation for the Con
vention.
Reduction of the Total Number Is
Advocated— General Committee
to Meet.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee met yester
day at 410 California street.
P. B. Cornwall' presided, and the follow
ing members were present: J. H. Ma
honey, J. D. Spreckels, J. C. Daly of
Ventura, U. A. Hale of San Jose; Frank
McQuade, who acted as secretary; W. W.
Montague, Henry P. Sonntag, Asa R.
Wells, A. C. Palieri, M. Cooney, A. Ruef,
H. L. Dodge, Davia Kerr and Edward
Sweeny.
On motion of J. H. Mahoney the chair
man and secretary were instructed to pre
pare an apportionment of delegates and
to formulate a call for the State Republi
can primary election, both to be submit
ted at the committee's next meeting, to be
held on February 15.
The general committee will be called
together on February _'!», in a hall to be
selected by Secretary McQuade.
It was the sentiment of a majority of the
executive committee that proportional
representation be figured, on the Budd and
Estee vote, and also that the number of
de'egates be reduced. At the last conven
tion there were 848 names on the roil, and
now it is pretty generally believed that t!00
names would be quite surlicient to represent
the State. As estimated by Chairman
Cornwall and Secretary McQuade on the
Estee and Budd rotes there would be 600
I delegate?, figuring on one delegate for every
\ 200 votes and one additional for each
county.
Another reason advanced for this pro
posed reduction is that no Governor will
have to be elected by the next State con
vention, and consequently there will be less
; interest in the transactions, which means
that fewer men will seek the honor of sit
ting in the convention.
Four cities are making a fight for the
convention— Sacramento, Santa Cruz, San
Jose and Oakland. Some members of the
j committee are inclined to favor San Fran
cisco, but as delegates would lind here bo
many attractions to tempt them away from
the convention, it is understood that a
! smaller city is preferable to the majority.
San Jose has m my warm atid enthusiastic
supporters, even at this early date, and
seems to be mating more of a stir than
her competitors are making. Mr. Hale
J had a little to say ii. favor of his city yes
terday, and appeared hopeful that his
town would win.
Scottish Hall Officers.
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Scottish Hall Association was held last Fri
i day evening, the offieer?-e!ect being: i*resi
j. dent, John McLaren; vice-president, Richard
< rrn. : ts ; directors — D. A. Macdonald, James
I Scobic, C. A. Mcl'hee, Angtu Mi-Leod. Samuel
, Irving, John F. Kennedy; treasurer, George
i Davidson; secretary. James Kay. A dividend
■ of 50 cents per share was paid last month.
: NEW TO-DAT.
,* \ f J n\
ADJUST THE CURRENT BEFORE
you go to bed. That's the way you do
with Dr. Sanaen's Electric Belt. It is the
only belt made that can be regulated, and ■
makes the use of the eiectric current a deep
pleasure, as you see your strength growing
each night. You absorb a certain amount
of electricity into your body every night,
and as electricity is the force that feeds the
nerves, brain, sexual organs and stomach,
of course, it gives a natural vigor to all
tnese functions. It builds up a vigorous
manhood and womanhood.
If you are weak or ailing try this famous
life renewer. Be true to your orwn consti-
tution. Don't, DON'T, DON'T make your
stomach a distillery for all the poisonous
drugs known to man. Study this subject
as a practical business matter, and, as you
would like evidence, read the little book
"Three Classes of Men," which is free. '
SANDEN ELECTRic CO.,
632 Market Street, San Francisco.
Opposite Palace . HoteT. Office hours, 8 a. n.'to
• :Sop. if. Snadays, 10 to 1.
i Portland tOresoa) office, 2 55 Washington *vCARRYING THE
WAR INTO AFRICA.
Railroad Company's Ken
tucky Charter Is
Attacked.
PEOPLE APPEALED TO.
Mayor Sutro Says the Blue
Grass Legislature Was
Deceived.
DELEGATES TO THE CONVENTION
Namrs of Those Who Will Represent
San Francisco at Saturday's
Gathering.
We do hereby respectfully and earnestly ap
peal to the people of Kentucky, to the -Legisla
um- of Kentucky anil to the Governor of Ken
tucky to rid us o: this horrible monster, which
is devouring; our substance and which its *le
bauching our people, and by its iit-vilish *n-
Fiincts and criminal methods is every day more
firmiy grasping us in its deadly tentacles.
Thus concludes Mayor Sutro's latest
manifesto against his 'ineient enemy, the
Southern Pacific Company, by which he
hopes to induce the Kentucky authorities
to revoke tne charter of the company and
thus destroy its strength. Just at the
present time, while the corporation is
s-traiuing every nerve to clear the passage
oj its funding Liil through Congress,
Mayor Sutro is spending much of his time
devis.ng means to checkmate I'resident
Huntington.
Recently, while studying over rhe char
ter which the Legislature cf Kentucky
granted the Southern Pacific Company at
the time of its incorporation, he saw sev
eral poims that had not before occurred to
him and at once decided on another plan
of campaign against the corporation.
Since then dp lias been working on a
circular letter addressed to the people of
Kentucky, urgently requesting them to de-.
mand the repeal of the act of the Legisla
ture which created the Southern Pacific
charter.
They are advised that the charter is a
fraud on the face of it and that they have
been imposed upon by the railroad mag
nates.
Mr. Sutro informs tiiem that the com
pan; was granted permission to construct,
own and operate railroads anywhere ex
cept in the State ol Kentucky.
One peculiar provision of the charter to
which particular attention is called states
thai "no srson shall be in any wiseiiable
as a stockholder of said corporation after
Baid capital stock shall have been paid in
cash." This provision Mr. Sutro ciaims
conflicts witn an! tramples upon the laws
cf this and other States in which the roads
belonging to the corporation are operated.
The appeal closes with the paragraph
previously quoted.
Mayor Sutro said last evening that if
the people' of Kentucky knew how much
they had been deceived by the Southern
Pacific Company they would notaliow the
charter to stand*.
"The Southern Pacific Company," he
said, "was incorporated for $1,000,000 and I
the charter from the-S'.ate of Kentucky was j
granted or; that basis. The octopus now |
has a capital of $1^0,000.000. I don't think i
the people who uranted the charter know !
this. Ine corporation has deceived them j
on a great many essential points and I
think they will "revoke the charter vrlien
they find that it is in conflict with laws of
a dozen States and Territories through
which t ie company operates its lines.
'Should thecharterbe revoked the effect
will be to throw the affairs of the octopus
into confusion and prevent it from strang
ling this State as it has long been trying to
do. It may also have the effect of showing
Congress what the methods of the Southern
Pacific Company are and aid us in defeat
ing the funding bill.
'•The appeal was sent out some time ago
—in fact is already in the hands of the peo
ple we desire to reach — and we can only
wait now to see what they will do.
"Thus far we have not heard enough
from our agents in Washington to form an
opinion as to the prospects of the funding
bill tight, but we arc still hopeful. It is
easier to beat any measure that comes be
fore a body like Congress than- to pas^ it,
and unless I nm much mistaken Hunting
ton will rind that he has no walkover in
this case."
Preparations for the bip Bnti-fatidlng bill
convention at Metropolitan Temple co
pteadilj* on and from the me^appi that are
beit!^ sent in from various sections of the
Mate it is evident that the hall will be
packetl with delegates. After a ione con
sultation with members of the committee
of fifty yesterday Mayor firtrjjnadc the
-. in« appointments of delegates from
this City:
Josc-ph Britton, 525 Commercial street; W.
M. Bunker, 235 Montgomery; James H.Barry,
4.29 Montgomery; rhomns'K. Barry, Nevada i
block; E. S. Barney, 823 Mission ; . Henry I
Cowell, 211 Drqinm: L. R. Kllert, Mills build-
Ing; George K. Fitch, 705 Kur.h; J. Richard
Fread, 120 Sinter; Henry E. Highton, Mills
building; E. H. Hamilton, Examiner office; J.
C. Jordan, 92 Chronicle building; Joseph Leg
gett. Miils building; Stewart Menzles, 512 I
Battery; Cbarjes A. Murdock. 532 Clay:
M. McGlynn, 502 Market; Max Popper,
Custom-house; E. B. Pond, 328 Mont
gnmerv; Taylor Rogers,- Mayor's office; Bar
clay Henley, corner Santou and Busb; !
Charles M. Shortridge, Call Office; P. J. Sulll- j
van, I'helan building; I. 6. Truman, Mills
buiidiiiK ; Isaac L'pham, Palace Hotel; A. A.
Watkins, 309 M*rket; C. B. Williams, 420
Church; James V. Coleman, Palace Hotel;
<.a\in McXabb, Mills building; P. N. Wellin, |
Bae Lcandro; p. J. Thomas, corner Drumm and '■
Bacramento; Charles Wesley Reed, Crocker |
building; \Vi A. Piper, Palace Hotel; Dr. C. D.
Cleveland, 6oo Leavenworth; Jeremip.h Lynch,
Bohemian Club; \v. J. Biggy, United States
Laundry, Fifth and Market; A. B. Kinne, 027
Jersey ; E. W. McKinstry, 4 Sutter; B.McKinne,
522 Montgomery; Robert A. Frederick,
Chronicle building; >:.c. Blake. Mills building;
<.. H. I cnbsen, 14 Montgomery ; K. A. Denicke,
330 Baniome; M. Greenblatt, Post, near
Kearny; James V. £mith, Phelan building;
Jocepb H. Moore, Montgomery block; Mark
Sheldon, 4 Suttter: P. B. Cornwn'il, 450 .Mason;
Wendell Easton, 038 Market; \Viili»m Oluff.
IS Front; \V. F. Whittier, 214 Pine; C. P.
Newman, new City Hall; J. K. C. Hobbs.42
Market: C. S. Holmes, 010 Shotwell; ('. L. Tay
lor, 423 California; Joseph I. Dimond, 300
Market: R. A. Crothers, Bulletin office; Jonn
T. Young, Chronicle; Henry L. Davis, 509
Market; G. W. Grannis. 688 Montgomery; An
drea Bbarboro, 524 Montgomery.
It is announced that music will be fur
nished for the occasion and that the spec
tators will occupy the galleries, leaving the
•<f the house to the delegates. Ladies
are particularly invited to attend.
• iustave Gouch, one of the most prom
inent among the young attorneys ot for
eign extraction, at present residing in this
< -ty, did not care to go deeply into the
BubieCt of the funding bill.
In this instance,"' he saiiJ, "I am com
: to reveal the fact that 1 have never
yet seen a government run a railroad
or any other venture as cheaply as by a
private concern, in Germany and Prussia,
where the roads, cr most of'tnem, are in
the hands of the Government, the con of
running v excessive. But tlie reason of
that tliey were obtained for the pur
■f unification and military use, not
jis a speculative move. lam not in a posi
tion io say anything much in regard to
v.liat would be tbe resuit of the passage of
the funding bill."
rnuirel h.1,.,t,. ic p o \ver.
"Did you ever think," asked an observ
ing man lately, "Low much loose eiec
tricity there is around? It is brought to
my notice, especially, every time I have
occasion to ride in *a trolly-car on a wet
day. I have frequently received a stinging
shock by taking hold of the brass rail ai I
swung myself aboard. My feet are wet,
you sec, and water is so goad a conductor
that a ground connection is established
with myself as part of the circuit. The
sensation is quite enough to be disagree
able. 1 assure you.
"The metal doorsill, too, is another
place where the current leaks out. Since I
discovered that by personal experience I
have often amused myself by watching the
people who entpr and leave the car. If
they step over the wet threshold well and
pood, but if their feet touch it they are
likely to get some of the superfluous
power. Then the expression on their faces
is ludicrous. Most of them look completely
bewildered, as if they didn't know what
bad struck them, and I suppose they don't
for the instant.
"Those are not the only places where
there is free electricity, either. In my own
office 1 can pet as severe a shock as I could
from a batiery. In one of the incandes
cent light fixtures there is a spot where
the current escapes in great force. By
touching this place with a key, a knife or
any bit of metal, and resting my other
hand on the iron of the steam radiator
near by, 1 can take a shock of such power
as to burn my hand and make me drop
the experiment in a hurry. The other day
half a doze"n of us joined hands and
formed a line between the two places. The
man at one end held a key to the fixture,
and the fellow at the other end laid his
hard on the radiator. You would hardly
believe how strong the current was. Our
hands seemed suddenly gripped together
and aiter we let go our lingers tingled
for minutes from the effects.
"I have often thought that a computa
tion of the amount of unused electric force
theie is around us would be ioterestine.
There must be numbers of other places
that 1 have never noticed where it escapes,
and I suppose there is no doubt that in the
aggregate the power wasted would be suffi
cient to accomplish a tremendous amount
of work."— New York Tribune.
TELEGRAPH INNOVATIONS.
Expert Operators to Be Made of
the Sunset "Hello
Girls." j
The Pacific Telephone Company to
Become a Rival of the Postal
and Western Union.
The "hello girls" must learn telegraphy.
The word has gone forth, and it will not
be many months before the telephone
wires through the entire State will be
carrying telegraph messages, ticked off
by the girls who, heretofore, Have only
been required to say: "What number,
sir? Six-three? There you are."
The lines will still be u?ed to talk over.
But a telephone wire has what is known
as a "telegraph side," that is to say, a
message can be ticked over it whiie a con
versation is being held on the same line.
In fact, two messages can be sent, because
each of the two wires, one goinc out and
one returning, which are essential to com
plete a te ephone circuit, makes a tele
graph circuit.
The work done by telegraph will at first
be entirely for the company. No outside
messages will be received — at least, not
until November of tnis year. This is be
cause of an agreement between the tele
phone and the Western Union people.
After November it is nrobable that the
Telephone Company will become an active
rivai of the Western Union and the Pacific ,
Postal Telegraph companies. Wiib. a com
plete plant doing the work of two com- !
rames. no extra expense for linemen and
operators, the Telephone Company would
make large profits transmitting telegraph !
messages.
At present the officers of the company
refuse to pay whether they are pding to
take advantage of this opportunity to util
ize the full capacity of their plant.
'■There is one thing you may be sure of,"
saiil John I. Sabin. who ia the president as
well as tlie eeneral manoKer of the Pacific
Telephone Company; " that is that it will
not belong before candidates for positions
to take charge of telephones will be re
quired to be expert telegraph operators."
"Is it true that 3*ou have required all
your girls to begin learning telegraphy?"
was a?keci.
"Not all of them," he said. "We are
going to make use of our wires to expedite
messages by means of telegraphy. So the
only one.-* whom we have required to learn
the" art are the girls employed in the
••Sunset" division.
Mr. fcfabin then explained the nse of the
two wires to complete the circuit. Each of
these wires is capable of carrying a mes
sage sent with a ticker while a person is
talking over it; This system had been
utilized for some time on the line? between
San Francisco and Stockton and San Fran
cisco an-i Oakland.
"We have been taking advantage of the
telegraphic possibilities of the wire to as
sist in sending telephone messages for
some time," he said. "In fact, the idea
originated here, and it was only a few
months ago that it was put in operation
in the East.
"They have used the 'telegraph side' of
their wirea there to great profit though,
selling them to some business hou^e or
news "company. We have not Deen able
to do that.
•You see," he added, "the Western
Union Company held the coast rights to
the Edison patents in the beginnincr. We
held the Bell patents. Then the W r estern
Union Company disposed of its patent
rights to us wifh the agreement that we
were not to use our lines for commercial
telegraphy during a piven period. This
period expires in November, 1596."'
"Will you then enter into competition
with the Western Union and Postal Tele
graph companies in the transmission of
messages?" was asked.
"I can't say anything about that now,"
said Mr. Sabfn, "because I don't know."
"But yon are as well equipped for the
work as the other companies, are you
not?"
"As well equipped?' he replied. "W T hy,
we have the best plant in the State to-day.
No other company has nearly as good
poles or wire. We would have -to make
absolutely no addition to our plant, since,
for our own use, we are going to supply
the offices in the different towns with, tele
graph instruments."
THE JOCULAR DENTIST.
He Says That He Will Not Be So
funny Again.
The dentist was torturing hia victim in
the usual fashfon.
The story he was telling at that moment
was on himself.
"When I was yonng in the profession,"
said he, "I was working in a country place
for a few weeks to help a friend. One day
a farmer came in— a big, m oscular chap,
full-blooded — one of the sort whose tee.th
come like the roots of oak trees.
"As he sat in the chair he asked, ' Will
it hurt'/ 1
"Feeling in rather a jocular mood, 1 an
swereJ, 'V.'ell, if it doesn't it sha'n't cost
you anything.' Then I fell to work.
"The" tooth came out even harder than I
expected, so as the man got up from the
chair and pulled himself together— he had
not uttered a sound— l said, 'Weil, did it
hurt?'
•'Not a bit," answered the countryman,
and strode out of the office, leaving me
minus a fee. completely nonplused, a,p.d
the laughingstock of my friend and the
two or three patrons who sat about the
office.
"I have never tried to be funny pro
fessionally since," said he meditatively.—
Tit-Bits.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
UNDE R A FLORAL CHIME.
Marriage of Miss Gertrude
Naphtaly to Lionel B.
Feigenbaum.
A BRILLIANT SOCIAL EVENT.
Lovely Decorations of the Concordia
Clubhouse, Where the Ceremony
Took Place.
Under the softened glow of countless
fairy lamps and twinkling wax-lights, in a
bower of fragrant buds and blossoms, Miss
Gertrude Naphtaly and Lionel B. Feigen
baum spoke to each other last night the
solemn, binding words which united them
for life.
The wedding took place in the elegant
home of the Concord ia Club, at the inter
section of Post street and Van Ness
avenue. The decorations of the building
Lionel B. Feigenbaum.
!
while profuse were in the most perfect
taste. The guests entered unler a canopy
of crimson cloth in:o the main entrance
ball, which, like the landings of the wide
staircases, was adorned by numerous
potted pal ma, the window -seats and man-
I tels being banked with rare exotics in rich
settings of ferns and mosses. The prom
enade surrounding the main ballroom was
j transformed into an avenue of palms and
tiny cedars, amid which shone electric
lights and countless flowers, producing an
j effect uniquely beautiful.
Shortly after 8 o'clock the bridal proces-
I sion entered the bailroom, where the inar
•' riape ceremony was performed. Little
Erraa Clayburg and Aimee Schmitt, as
> flower-girls, escorted by Master Robert
I Roos, looked charming in their dainty
j frocks of filmy silk tissue. The v
; who came next in line, were: Samuel
i Napbtaly, Morris T.owensteJn, Sanford
Feigenbaum, L. 1?. Sonnenbcrg, Joseph
! Loewe and George Roos, and as they are
only men. all that can be said of their cos
, tumes is that they were in faultless evening
dress like the other male guests.
The bridesmaids, however, looked charm
; ing in their exquisite toilettes of pale rose
satin ami delicate blonde lace. Each car
ried a large bouquet of La France r ues
surely no fairer than the six society buds
who bore them— Miss May ScSlesinger
Miss Hilda Brown, Miss Mabel Gerst. Miss
, Edith Schmitt, Miss Elsie Cook and Miss
j Rose Goslin>ky. The maid of honor, Mica
Dorothy Herrmann, in a simple yet effec
tive costume of white chiffon," walked
alone, bearing a cluster of pure while roses.
The bride entered leaning on the arm of
her father, Joseph Naphtaly, the woll
; known attorney. Her dress of lustrous
white satin was almost severe in its mag
nificent simplicity. About the square-cut
corsage was a girlish-looking earniture of
poinuarpiique hue, which fell in shim
mering folds almost to the tiny white- »hod
feet, which now and then peeped forth as
though to catch a glimpse or what was
going on. The bride's veil was of filmy
silk net and fell in cioud-like billows over
the long court tram. She carried a bou
! quet of lilies of the valley and wore a
girdle of orange blossoms.
The Rev. Dr. Voorsanger received the
vows of the happy pair. The groom was
attended by Julius Feigenbaum as best
man. The Bcene was strikingly beautiful.
Five chandeliers, in which won- as many
hundred wax lights, were connected with
each other by graceful, flashing festoons of
star-like electric lights, intertwined with
sniilax. The bridal canopy was of white
silk, embowered in verdant palms arid
ferns, amid which hung three floral bells,
and illuminated by the veiled radiance of
fairy lamps, shaded by tiny globes of
white, blue and gold.
As the bridal party entered "Ballen
berg's orchestra rendered the wedding
march from "Lohengrin," and at the close
of the ceremony the "Cavalleria Rusti
cana" overture.
After the ceremony congratulations and
dancing were in order. At 11 o'clock the
guests, to the number of 350, sat down to
a sumptuous repast in the banquet-hall,
which t.ad been magnificently adorned for
the occasion. Back of the seats occupied
by the bride and gloom the letters "F"
and "N" combined in a graceful mono
gram outlined in golden fairy lamps shone
forth aeainst a background of dark-green
ferns. Morris Schmitt, the bride's uncle,
acted as toast-master and master of cere
monies, covering himself with distinction
in either role. The bride's health was
drunk twice, it being her twentieth birth
day as well as her wedding day. Aft-er
supper dancing was resumed and kept up
until the rosy streaks in the East warned
the merry-makers that the marriage feast
was over.
FACTS FOR THE FARMERS
Sad Experience With the " Un
reliable " Commission
Merchant.
Effect of the Recent Weather Upon
the Hay and Grain Prices in
the State.
It is not always wise to try to farm too
much land. There are thousands of farm
ers who pay taxes upon land which brings
to them no income whatever.
Every farmer ought to know exactly
what it costs him to raise a horse, a cow, a
chicken, or an acre of wheat. A time
comes in the life of all livestock when they
cannot longer be kept profitably. They
should be disposed of before they reach
that atre.
The celebrated orange marmalade pre
pared in Dundee, Scotland, is made from i
the Sf ville or bitter orange. If marmalade
may be profitably manufactured in a
country which produces no oranges, it
surely ought to be a profitable business in
California, which not only produces
; oranges, but sugar as well. That it is not
j more extensively prepared here is due
largely to the peculiar desire evinced by
the people to purchase goods prepared in
foreign countries. It seems strange to
think that people should be ruled by such
a fancy to an extent suilicient to affect the
sale of fruit to an appreciable extent, but
such is the fact. It would be more cor
rect to say, "fruit which the people pre
sume came from foreign countries," for it
is a fact Known to but few, and, as far as we
know, now published for the first time,
that large quantities of jams and preserves
are sent in bulk to England by Cali
fornia fruit-prfeking iirnis, there" to be
placed in jars by a fruit-packing house
whose name is familiar the worid around
and sent out under foreign labels as Eng
lish goods. This "English" product may
be purchased in every principal city in
California, and thousands of consumers
unwittingly pay freight across the ocean
and return, besides the tariff and dealers'
protits, upon fruit that was raised in their
neighbors' orchards. There is a great op
portunity for fruit-crowers to secure the
profits which rightfully belong to them
through proper organization and a close
study cf the situation. They could not
! only more profitably co-operatively can
their- fruits, but, by senc ing out their own
agent 3, more economically market them.
A campaign of education a.'ong the line of
methods employed in growing iruit in Cal
ifornia, and m its preparation for market,
wouid not be amiss. The results would be
more satisfactor} 1 still if the lecture were
illustrated with stereopticon views of or
chards and drying-grounds.
Farming Interests in Siskiyou.
The recent storms and continued cold
I weather have made hay and grain com
mand better prices, from the fact that
no one can tell how long the win
ter will last. If we have an early
spring, there will no doubt be a sur
plus, but if late, there will only be
enough for stock on ham!. Alfalfa in "barns
is now held at .$lO per ton, or about double"
the summer rates, without any inclination
to sell even at that figure, on account of
the possessors fearing they may need it for
their own stock. Botne ranchers have been
purchasing stock cattle and feeding out
their hay, in the expectation of prices get
ting better, but there is no raise yet, winch
has caused sales at last fall prices. Others
who have the hay to feed, intend holding
out until late, expecting to make sales at
big prices in supplying the northern mar
kets at Portland, Tacoma and Seattle.
In the way of grain there does not seem
to be much demand, but prices are firm at
higher rate tha:i during last fail, the
grain sales depending mainly onour'lim-
-Miss Gertrude Naphtnly.
ited home market, as cost of freighting
will not permit shipment below. I'ork is
so cheap this year that there is no money
in fattening "hogs except for the home
market, while horses also are just an
cheap, since the teaming, staging and
traveling have been superseded by the rail
roads, bicycles and electric motors, to ren
der horses less needed.
The winter so iar suits the farmers very
well, especially those who have winter
crops in the ground, and should we have
continued 6 tor ma at intervals daring the
balance of the winter and in the spring,
the,«prh'.g crops are al.= o liKely to turn oat
well, with better prospects for advanced
juices next year.— Yreka Journal.
The Commission Business.
Many faraiers and fruit-growers have
had sad experience with unreliable com
mission men. It is a very common thing
for the grower to receive a note stating
that "owing to the depressed condition of
the market," etc., the^produce not only
did not sell for an amount puhicient to
pay for freight and commissions. Mrs.
M. G. Norton of Wrights Station, Santa
Clara County, recently shipped some fruit
to Trobock & Bergen of San Francisco.
Surprised at the low price received she in
vestigated the matter, and charges that
the lixm sold a portion of the fruit for a
higher price than was returned upon the.
account of sales. The firm justifies its
course upon the ground that the sale com
plained ot was a single box, and it was
proper and usual in such cases to charge
the customer the retail pries and to make
the return at a wholesale price. The High
land Grange, of which Mrs. Norton is a
member, claims that Trobock «fc Bergen
are puilty of embezzlement, and have
taken steps having for their object a
thorough investigation.
Of Interest 10 Wheat-Growers.
Tulnre Grange wishes to inform the
wheat and barley growers of California,
through the columns of The Call, what
has been done toward greater production
of these important food products at the ex
perimental station in Tulare County.
Nearly all the agricultural writers of the
press, the statisticians of the staple
products of agriculture, as well as the de
partment at Washington, have endeav
ored to show that the day of profitable
wheat and barley growinf, especially
Wheat, was past, and the array of figures
and apparent fSots presented wore enough
to cause the farmer to look at wheat-grow
ing for a profit with a doubt that has ma-ie
many of them partially abandon that line
of industry. Some philanthropic writers
would say that owing to the hi. her
intelligence of our California farmer
and liis quickness to adopt labor-
BAying device In seeding and har
vesting his crop, wheat would have
to go lower in price than it has yet,
or that it seems at present Jikeiy'to,'
before the wheat-growers of our State'
would be crowded to the wall by the cheap
padrone labor of Argentina or Ryot labor
of India, and then nt the same time pre
sent figures of the small cost of wheat per
bushel to the grower in those countries,
thus upsetting all their efforts at philan
thropy. Nearly all the writers along the
line of the idea that California wheat
growers cannot, at the present market
price, compete with other newly developed
countries employing cheaper labor, must
have arrived at their conclus on from a
one-sided view of the matter. Some one
baa said ''that many farmers would .rather
dig fifteen hours a day than think rive
minutes."
This may or may not be applicable to
some ot our wheat-growing farmers, but
one of the facts that can be proved is that
the average annual production per acre of
wheat in our State has not exceeded twelve
bushels for teveral years past. It seems
now from daia gathered from the experi
mental station in Tulare that this out
come of the wheat farmer is not to be at
tributed to any impoverishment of soil,
but must be laid at the door of poor farm
ing methods. One variety of wheat. Royal
Australian, tested last season at this sta
tion, yielded at the rate of eighty-four
bushel's to the acre, while another variety,
designated ''California wheat," yielded
sixty-nine bushels. Himalaya baxJey
yielded seventy-six sacks of 150 pounds
each per acre. With these results at
tained by the system of preparing the
ground, which was in deep plowing and
cross-plowing before planting in drills,
and then offering the seed in small
quantities free of charge, there were
scarcely any farmers that availed them
selves of this opportunity to better their
condition. Some few took the seed, put it
on the shelf, forgot to plant it, or said they
did; some refused to try it, because they
could not get enough to sow forty acres.
The soil of this station is what we know
as alkali, and everybody else knows it as
alkali, excepting the Real Estate Fresnoan,
who sometimes calls it 'white ash," when
he has a prospective buyer in tow. If such
results as are herein given are anyway
near attainable by the average grain
grower of California, many years will roll
around before the competitive wheat
growing countries can push such a farmer
in our State to the wall; but there is one
fact that must not be overlooked—scratch
ing the ground with some of the gang
plows now in vogue will never realize any
sixty-nine bushels of wheat to the^ acre in
very little weak ammonia will. Yesterday
we cut the top off one of those oil
cans in which had been shipped us some
lirst quality of honey. We were suspicious
of the flavor, and hence decided to in
vestigate. The top being removed, we
found that a thin deposit of black gre«6e
clung to all the six sides of the can. Hot
water would not budge it. I then told
one of the boys to get one of our '20-cent
bottles, holding nearly a quart of ammonia.
It is rather weaker than the ordinary com
mercial article, and is used for washing
purposes. Two tablespoonsfuis 'of this j
were thrown into the topless can. After J
shaking it around for a minute, the black
grease came off entirely, and the sides of
the can were as bright and clean as a dol
lar. lam not sure but tiiat a single table
spoonful of commercial ammonia, mixed
with about half a cup of water, would do
the same. Remove die cap, pour in the
liquid, screw the cap down, and then give
the can a good .shaking. If this does not
remove a lot of black, greasy, inky-look
ing substance, then it will not do as it has
done for us here at the Home of the
Honey-bees. I should like to have some
of our friends in California try this, and
then scald out with hot water and let the
cans stand upside down to drain.
It may be argued that, on a carload of
cans, it would make the ammonia rather
expensive. A day's time, and about a
dollar's worth of ammonia, according to
our markets, in its original form, will
make enoueb to renovate a whole carload
of cans. This expense is small in com
parison with the ultimate reduction of a
cent a pound on California extracted
honey. Unless old cans are renovated by
an alkali, like ammonia, or new cans are
nsed, the becke-epers of California will be
doing themselves irreparable damage.
Cost of Fruit and Berry Boxes.
Apple boxes Tary in size from 40 to 50
pound capacity. They sell in snooks for
from 9 to 12 cents; boxes made up, 11 to 14
cents. Asparagus boxes, 50-pound capa
city, 12 to 14 cents for shooks and 14 to 16
cents for boxes. Blackberry, raspberry
and strawberry boxes, $3 50 per thousand.
Berry chests, siatted, with 25-pound draw
ers,?! 75. Cherry boxes of 10 pounds ca
pacity, for Eastern shipment, in shooks, 4
to 5 cents; boxes, 5 to 0 cents; for local
use, shooks, 3 to 4 cents; boxes, 4 to 5
rents. Grape boxes for packing purposes,
40 pounds capacity, 10 to 12 cents; for ship
ping, capacity -0 pounds, in shooks, 4 to 5
cents: boxes, 5 to <i cents. Prune boxes,
capacity 25 pounds, in shooks, 5 to 7 cones;
boxes, 6h£ to 9}4 cents; dovetailed, !) to 11
cents. Tomato boxes, capacity 50 pounds,
in shooks, 12 to 14 cents; boxes, 14 to 18
cents. The brand is printed on all boxes
free of charge, except that the customer
furnishes the Btencil. — San Jose Mercury
Souvenir.
Eieetr.c traction companies are not al
lowed to trille wi'li the public in Genoa.
The working of all electric tramways has
been suspended there because one car got
beyond control, thereby two passengers
were wounded.
A hairless 'coon was caught in a trap on
North Coos River, Kentucky, a few days
ago. Such an odd freak baa never been
seen there before, and no satisfactory ex
planation of how the 'coon lost its hair
was arrived at.
NEW TO-DAY.
f| THE OWL
.2h drug CO.,
•^BicrT-RVFE
( M, DRUGGISTS!
1128 I^E.cvi'3iot &tx-&e>t
• HAS FHAXCISCO. « . :,;r
320 S*. Spring SJroct,
I/Q6 AXGELE3.
Free '
Delivery.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
Will deliver Drugs, Medi-
cines and Toilet Articles
FREE OF FREIGHT OR
EXPRESS CHARGES to
any railroad point with-
in 100 miles of San Fran-
cisco when purchases
amount to $5 or over,
PROVIDED orders are
accompanied with the
money.
SEND FOR PRICE LIST
The Pally eniifl.
$200,000 WORTH
OF CASH-BOUGHT
BUUSvHIvU y HUEd
■'.":;'' Thrown Upon the Market at
MANUFACTURERS' PRiCES
For. the purpose , of. advertising the large
Shoe House recently opened at 931 and
933 Market street, opposite Mason street
(next to Halo Bros.' dry-goods house).
No old "Shop worn" goods. Everything
new and "up to date."
This sale will eclipse any ever held on
the Pacific Coast, and will be conducted in
such a manner that every person will be
properly waited upon. No misfits will be
allowed. All exchanges and alterations
made in the usual way. .
Sale is now in progress.
SAN FIiAKCISCOSHOE HOUSE,
GEO. E. FAIRCHILD,
President and Manager.
__ .._..■.'.'■■■- '-' NEW^TO-DAT— GOODS. .^.^^^-.a^^.
' ■ ' ' ' / '-.
■ ; A.l* ■ —
In inviting attention to the lines that have been SPECIALLY
SELECTED for CLEARANCE TO-DAY we beg leave to suggest that
intending purchasers will avoid disappointment by calling early,
as.these are bargains that will go off with a rush at the
GIVING-AWAY PFHGES QUOTED
LADIES' JACKETS.
At 1 . 50.
LADIES' THREE.QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and
twilled cheviot, black, reduced from $5 and $6 to $1 50 eacii.
At 52.50,
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and
twilled cloaking, plain and trimmed with fur, in navy, tan and black, worth $7 50,
reduced to $2 50 each.
'i At 43.50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of Ker-
sey, cheviot and beaver cloaking, in navy, black and gray, worth $10, reduced to
$3 50 each.
At €fe5.00.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of black
and navy Kersey cloth and beaver, also tan and gray covert cloth, worth $12 50 and
$15, reduced to $5 each.
At 57.50. '
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of fine
prade of cloaking, plain, embroidered and braided, in navy, black and tan, worth
$17 50 and $20, reduced to $7 50 each.
At 42.50.
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, medium length, worth 512 50 and $15, reduced to $2 50
each.
. LADIES' ULSTERS. . , *&*&■. ■ ,
At 42.50.
LADIES' ULSTERS, made of light, dark and mixed cloaking, with and without
capes, worth 10 and $12 50, reduced to $2 50 each.
CIRCULARS AND RUBBER COATS.
At 5O Cents.
LADIES' CIRCULARS, in stripes, value $1 50, will be closed out at 50c each.
At $1.00.
LADIES' CONNEMARAS, in cloth, in plaids and stripes, regular value $2, will be closed
out at $1 each.
At © 1.00. ,
MEN'S RUBUER COATS, lined in black and wine, value $3, will be closed out at $1
each.
At SJI.OO.
MEN'S RUBBER COATS, lined, with cape in black and wine, value $3 50, will be
closed out at $1 each.
JtZ^&S MURPHY BUILDING, /
/M/M^^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ irtit Street, craw of im, /
_^ RAILROAD TRAVEI^
SMFRMCISCO & ftORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of 3larket St.
. San Francisco to San liafael.
WEE7C DA YS-7 9 11:00 a.m.; 12:33 l
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thnrsdays— trli
ami 11 -3O M ' SaturU * yB - E: " ra tri P 3 « l:st
6D |foo.^o 8 H' 9:30 ' U:o ° AIM ; 1:30 3:3 »
San Rafaol to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A v •
afi* 5 V5 3 p : . 4 5 a ; i 1 ({ J tr:-35^ tUrdayS - EXtra ' tri^
SUNDAVS-8:10, 9.40, 11:10 A. it; 1:40, 3:40 L
5:00, 6:25 p. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam*
schedule ag above.
"I £*» ye In effect Arrive
San Francisco. ottT 28. .San Francisco.
Wbkk I Bds- rjes^nation So^- j Week"
Days. | dayb. | "es^mtion. pAYS | DaY3 .
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10^40 am! 8:50 AM
8:30 pm 9:30 asi Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 if
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:30 p\tj 6:15 pm
i'uiton,
7:40 am • Windsor, 10:30 ak
Healdsburs,
Gpyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
I Vieta, \ ~ '
7:40 am I Hopland & I
|8:00 am Lklah. | 7:30 pm 6:15 PM
7:40 am 10:30 am
8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:30 Ml
3:30 pm | _^ 6:15 Pll
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 R:5O am
6:10 pm 5:00 and 6:05 pm 6:lspm
j__ I Glen Ellen. -
7 -.40 am 1 8 :00 AMI g P X,,, ono i 110:40 am|lo:3o AM
3:30 pm 6:00 pm I Bebastopol, | 6:05 pm I B:16 pm
tStHefs connect at San Rafnel lor Bolinns. ~~
Stages connect nt Oloverdale for the Oeysera.
Btaees connect at i'ieta for Highland .Spring*
Kelseyvllle, Lakeport. . - , .- .
Stage* connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Bla»
Lakes. Laurel Doll. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Oreen« j
wood, Mepdoclno City. Fort P.iaes. Usal, Westport,
Cthto, Willetts, Cr.lpella, Forao, Potter Valley, JoUii
Day's. Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eurec*.
.inlay to Monday ro\ind-tnp ttclcetsat rednaoA
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all point* b»
yetrd San Kafael at half rates. r . ■; L-i ' "
Ticket Otlics. 660 Market St., Chronicle bnildlngt
H. a WKITIK&. RYAN,
Gea. Mart3ser. ! Oen. Pass. Agoac.
8| Atlantic
AND
§m-§i Paciflc
W4^te^ RAItKOAO
*sa>' -f fr-t^aJEi- Trains leavo from and arrlT*
VSSbPS&Ovm s *! at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chfcago via A. & p. Direct Line
p^f^ S^ Verydayat3:3Op - M - carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chlcaga
CHICAGO LIAIITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Ve*tlbule Train Dally, vrith Dlnlne-curs.
ncder Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 0 a. m. and 3:3t) p m daily
The best railway from California to the Enstl
New rails, ni'v.- ties: no dnst; Interesting icfinerv
and gooJ meals in Harvey's dining-room or dli-iB"-
-cars. ■:■■..-.*
Ticket C«3ce-64'1 Marie et Street, !
... . . fchroiiicle Baildiu£»
- ■ -. '". "~ : " I
THE 65 h SFMI-ANMI.AL TERM
OF THE IRISAX SCHOOL, AT 2124 CALl-
fornla street, will hp«in on MOXjDAY Jen 6
1896. Mr. C. Brier will begin his lectures on Phy-
sics early in the corning year. A department for
very youui? beys will be added to the school.
•NATIIA.N W. 31UOHK, l'ricnlpal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Botnmsa' PACIffC COmPABTV.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trslm leaTe and nrc duo to arrive at
SAN FRANCIMCO.
LEAVE — Fr.OM NOVEMEEK. 20, 1895. — ARitrv
6:30 a Haywarda, Niles asd Way Stations.. 10:1 3a
7:<>Oa Auantlo Bxpret*. Ogdcn and Kast.. 8:45y
7:OOa Benicia, Vacavillo. Rnaiser. Sacra*
racnto, and Bedding via Davis.... ?:13p
7:30 a Martinez, San Rimon, Napa, Calis-
tcga and Hanti Itos4 . . ....'. 4:1 9r
B:30a Kites, San Jose, Stockton. lone.
Hicramento, Marysrille, Hed Bluff
and Sundays excepted Oro»ille 4:ISp
•B:3e.v PLters and Milton<, *7:I8p
9:OOA San Leandro, HaywardaA Way Sfns 11:45 a
o:<><>a LO3 Angeles Express, Raymond,
(for Ycsemite), Sauti, Barbara
and Los Angeles. 4:48p
9:00.\ 51-.rtintzEr.rJ Stockton 10:43^
1O:»Oa Sen Lracdrc, K*ywarda and Niles.. 1:45p
1 2:00*1 San Leandro, Haywards 4 Woy St'ns 2:4-1*
I :OOp Niles, San Jose aad Livermora h: 1 3a
♦I:OOr» Sacramento Ri»er Steamers «0:O0*
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations j7:43p
3:oOi> gau Leandro, Eaywarda& Way St'ns 5:4Sp
4:OOpSanLeaDdro, Haywarda&'Way.St'ns C:4sp
4:00p Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo
Nr.pa. Calisto^a, Xl Verano aud
Santa Ucsa MBa
4:««* BtnJcij. Esparto, Woodlaud.
x Knights Landing, Marysville,
Oroville and SacraiDento 10:43 a
4t3»p Nilcs. Baa Jose, Livermore and
•Sti:d<ion 7«I«»
5:00r San Lenndro, Haywsrds & Way St'ns 8:4B»
S:3oi- Ifcw Orleaiyi rrsno.Bakera-
lield, .Santa j:;nl,;;].i, J.na Augeles.
Uemiiif, El Paso, I^aw Orleans and
East.. I*:49a
S:3or Santa. Fo J*o\ite, Atlautio Kxpresa
for Mujavo auil Kast IO:4Sa
6:00r European Mail, Ogden nod East.... 9:45 a
6:oopllay(Turd3, Nihaaud Sau Jose 7:1.1 a
t7:oorVa!!ejo. I?:4d*
7:00r OreEOU lixpress, .Sacramento, Marjg.
■villo, ltcildinsr, Portland. i'nget
Sound Hast IO<4BA,
7:00r Saa I<eandro, Haywards & Way St'ns 10:3«r
9:Ol»p SanLeandro,H»jward*feWayBtira ttl«:*»A
"Sunset Ltailted," Fresno, Los
' Angeles, El Paso, New Orlci.ua
ar.d Kas t is {I^t4S»
tlSr Leandro. wards Wbt St'ns 7 »ISa.
SASTA CKITZ IHTISION (Xarro^ Gnngo).
B:13a NeiTarlt.Cfiitevvillß.Haii.lose.FeltOD,
. Boulder Creek, Way
Stations SiStl
•2:15p Ncwar"--. Centcrvillo, San Jose, New
Alaiaden, l'elton, Doulder C'rfeV,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way.--';:.
Stations • J 1.-20
4:15 - Xev/arl:, .San Joes aud l.os 0at05.... 0:30 a
tll:4Sr Hunters" Eiccrsion. Baa Josu and .: .-.-..'
Stations J7:2©p
COAST DIVISION (liiiid A Toitmm nil Sts.)
6:45 a ban Jcsa n.n>l Way Stations (Sew
Almadcn Wednesdays only) 1:43r
1:13 a San .lose, Trea Pi tioj, AautaCoz,
rarl'.ic Orove, Pa>;o Robltr. Sau
L>ii:i Obispo. Gnadalupe uinl Trin-
divil Way Statioiis 7:03 r
10:40 a San Jooe ami Way Stations 5:00p
11:4.1 a ralo Alio and Way Stations.-. 3:3t»j
•2:3orSan Jobc, Gilrny, Trcs l'incz, fiauta
Cruz, SaHnas, Jloaterey and PaciQo
Grovo *1 0:40 a
•lt:HOp San.lo3eaiidl'rincipal WayStalions W:17«
*4:3oi>Ssn Josonnd Way .Stations *3:O0a
r>:\il>v Sa» .Tose and Way Stations *S:4Sa
O::»)rSan Josonnd AVayKfatior.s «:3.1a
<11:45i-San.Toi;ei»i)<l Wny Statfnnii IT:43t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrimSiS FELSCISCO— Foot of Msriet Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:16 9:00 JI:OOA.M. U:fl0 *2:50 t3:M
M:CO JS:CO •6:COp.M.
rron O&EUH3— Foot or ErsadwsT.— *C:00 8:00
. 10:00 a.m. (12:00 *I=oo {5:00 »3:CO U-ZQ
• "j:OOr.v.. .
— — . '
A for Morning. ■ ■ V for Afternoon.
* Sunday* excepted. t Saturdays onlf. '
t Sundays only.
- i) Moaday. Thurcday and Batnrday nights only.
"^Tuesdays and Saturdeys C Bandays and Thurjdara,
KORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Vi» Sausslito Ferry).
Iflom San Francisco, beginning October 27. 1883,
WKKKDAV3.
For Mill Valley and san Kafael-7:30, 9-15. 11: M
a. M.: 1:45, 3:45, 5:15, t>:SO P m.
Son Quentin— 7 :3o, 9:16 a. m.: I:4b, 5:15 F. H.
Kxtra trips lor San Hafael on Slourtays, W'edne»
aays aiid Ka'.ard;iy=; nt 11:30 i\ v. ■
-■■■' *■ . SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, Baa Kafacl and San Quentia—
8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.: 1:30, 3:00, »6!ll
r. If. *i>oes not run to San Quentin.
TfIBOL'UH TRAINS.
7:30 a. v. weekdays— Caiadero and way itatloaa,
1:45 f. if. Saturdays-- Tomalea and way •tnilona, ■
• :0U a. v. Sundays-' Polat Ueyei Ud wftjrttAtlciM
910
FATHER YORKE
TO THE PEOPLE
The Catholic Chancellor
Again Writes in Self-
Defense.
HIS TOSITION DEFINED.
Says He Belongs to the People
and Will Defend Their
Rights.
NO OTHER I riEREST TO SERVE.
The Priest Say; t John P. Young Is a
Liar and a CowarJ— Hubbell
on Schools.
Rev. Father Yorl » addresses the follow
ing card to the put lie:
Bas 1 BJCWIWO, .lan. 14. 189 C.
To the Editor of ! • Dear Pir: a sec
ond time I am coi ■ address the people
ofSanFram h. your columns on the
v- inn. if aciunst rao by
John r. Young. I rei. r«r thai this measure is
forced upon ! fajinot afford to allow
[onstobe misr presented by any man,
even though he hn - a pc -,Mt journal «t lr.s com
mand mid la able by n wans ol false reports and
I interviews to Insinuate accusations he
• lares not make outrif In and iilce a man.
I have already >;u ted the facts which have
led up to the prea i I :•■:<•: iversy. These facts
Mr. John P. Young • oes not, cannot deny. 1
have shown how M inday after Monday for
nigh two years the< olumns of the Chronicle
' with indece it atta<'ks on all that
Cathol - ere L 1 have exposed the
tliuisy ]>T-et"\ts uudr r which John P. Young
refused n> d.« a mon justice of de
lending - fron i attacks which polluted
every Catholic heai thstone i:i Cailtornia.
Ami now in the fftc<- oi all this come? John I.
Young with a .slrt!iii>- rous defense and liypo
critical regrets.
Speaking tor the Chn micle he says:
I r*sretted tliat in the pursuit of Us legitimate
function of printing the news i: was sometimes
compelled to report public meetings where abuse
and religious Riiimartver jions formed thf chirt
topic: bin it steadfastly ai lliorpd to Its resolnl of
avoiding, bo i:ir as i>ossibli ■. the provocation ol nad
fpoling.
Let the people of San Francisco understand
this well. A>. iong as any mountebank can
hire a platform or a pulp fit and smirch the ;air
name of Catholics . ; '-:::' t !'. foung is "com
pelled' to report ! is \ ue words. But when
:hey who are defamed attempt to defend their
reputations calmly mid temperately and over
a respectable name, John P. Young is afraid of
provoking bud feeling. Whs there no bad feel
ing provoked when ihepe Zanders were pub-
I In the first place? Js t hat bad feeling
allayed by refusing justice to those who have
been wronged? [f Catfaolics should so far for
get themselves ns to take u> the public plat
form HH'i asperse the reputations of Protestant
women and impugn tjie loyalty of l'rotestant
men then John 1. Young, in the pursuit of
■•his legitimate function," would dish up the
scandal to be an offense in the nostrils oi
But because i'ath<4ics strove to con
tain themselves the tong.ie of slander was
allowed to wag unbridled am', they and theirs
were punished because they -would not cea^ to
be dei
If this is the only answer John P. Young has
to make he would ha.ye done his own reputa
lion k remaining silent. Men who
• n< i nstonu '. to weighing arguments and to
mterprert-.ic motives may be tempted to put
■ . rs on his policy. When In
thAAugunof 1894 1 offered my second letter
Chronicle 1 cousult.vd no one about the
matter ftn ! informed no one of what I had
In the editorial rooms of the paper I
found besides Mr. John I*. Toung only a young
gentleman who seemed to be a secretary or a
typewriter. As :ht ■ .so was
within bearing while I oViscussed the matter.
r> next meeting el the American
Protective League, bettei known a- A. P. A.
Council No. l, the raemljera were informed of
my visit, and were given a garbled account of
my demands.
Mr. John P. Young continues in defense of
his contention that U-- feared the stirring up
of bail immunity:
But if th<- ( bronlcte, lik>- the Rxamloer, had only
made the discovery a) ;he eleventh hour that "dan
gerous passions were becoming aroused" it would
no; have hesitated to frankly admit its mistake,
and nrould have done all in its newer to i>nt h
10 a controversy which, whatever those, may
say who have no- -tnffielently Investigated tie
matter, Is embittering personal relations and
I ' s to cans* «. revival t>f the evils thut
afl!ic;pd the country during the "forties" and
"fill.- '
!!' w true this statement is the public can
judge from the following facts: At the very
lime that the controversy mis fiercest the
■'.<■ was trying: to get from me items of
which would have fanned the flames.
The telephone wires to my office and to my
residence were kept hot with messages] and
with appeals from the Chronicle for even the
smallest scrap* of information. Even when I
had informed the emissaries of John I*. Young
In the enrtest and strongest terms at my com
mand that 1 would not under any ci'rcum
hold any communications with the
< nionide 1 was still besieged. When lat last
refused to even -cc those whom it sent a
gentleman to whom, by reason of past conrte
hies 1 could not decline an Interview, was de
tailed to approach me. lie came with the
assurance that the Chronicle wished to "square
matters"; he asked me for the sake of the
chronicle to overlook the past. When 1 told
him whatthepasi was he guaranteed that in
future the Chronicle would give me fair treat
ment if I would makr no distinction between
it anrf other papers. I replied that I Identified
the Chronicle with John I. Young, and that 1
would not trust Jnljn P. Young's word.
These lacts explain why John P. Young is so
anxious to clot ore the controversy now. The
measures which he is taking manifest the des
peration of or. Incompetent bigot. Let the
fair-minded people of >an Pranclsco note what
these measure* are. Let them read this morn
ing's Chronicle and iet them realize how far
John P. Younir is prepared to go. He professes
to be solicitous for the fair name of this City
and to-day he brands it a? a place where Pro
testant congregations cannoi worship in
safety. He professes to fear lest hard feelings
may be provoted and to-day he paints the
Catholics as cowardly attacters of churches.
He :
"We even venture the belief that Father
Yorke Will not desire to see the controversy
continued when he learns that the work of at
tacking churches has already commenced."
What is meant tjy "the work of attacking
Churches Is explained in a column on the
thirteenth page, the headlines of which read
as follows:
BULLETS FIRED INTO A CROWDED
CHURCH.
A Methodist Kkvivat. Is Startled.
NO CLEW TO THE MISCREANT.
Anothee Piece of Mauciods Mischief.
Rev. W. S. Bovard Asks the Police to Pro
tect the Place of Which He is
Pastor.
In the course of the article it is asserted that
on New Year's ere a bullet was fired into the
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church; that f'ap
taiu l"-oes detailed his men to investigate the
i-h<>-; that the pastor thought it was no mis
chievous prank of a New Year's roysterer; that
rotten eggs had been thrown on the doorstep
thai the liinid members of the congregation
were In terror, and that the pastor had asked
for police protection lor hi* church.
The Inference is plain, 'i he Catholics of Pan
Francisco are responsible for this outra.ee. I
hid responsible for having egged the Catho
lic*, on.
Ist me now publicly and over my name
brand John P. Youna/s story as an lufantous
fraud.
lr U not true that f'aptain I/»es detailed men
on such a case. My authority tiiat Captain
Lees knew nothing about it is Captain Lees
Himself. It is not true that the pastor thinks
that the shot was malicious. My authority is
Sergeant l'crren of the Howard street station,
who saw ])r. Uovard himself. It is not tvne
tiiut the church is under police protection.
My authority is < 'ajitain (iillen, who also states
tiiat 'he eggs were deposited on the doorstep
hy accident or mischief l>y c. small boy whom
the police know.
I need not dilate on the character of the
tactics which would perpetrate such a fraud.
A urea: rciipioug body must be calumniated to
rectify the mistakes of a man who is not com
petent to edit a grocery catalogue. This City.
ipusi be slandered before lhe whole United,
States to protect tho interests of a man who
like every cowanl is a liar. -
Mr. John I', I'oung is trying by means of
interviews to work up public opinion against
inc. Whnt men think of my action has very
little Influence with me us .ong as those in
whose judgment .1 place confidence are con
vinced iliiH my action is wise and prudent. If
men wish to pull John P. Young's chestnuts
[ out of the fire It is no affair of mine. Hut I
must protest against the -imputation which
some have striven to cast tlmt I have con
ducted Bay side of the controversy in a manner
an becoming a gentleman or a priest. If filth
Land false p.tcusations have been introduced
everyone knows' who introduced them. My
i letters are open' to the public. 1 defy these
fastidiouscritics to point to a single sentence
In any of them which might not be read in
any lionie in this land.
I cannot close this letter without expressing
my pain that nny Catholic could be found to
throw the mud that John I*. Young dares not
fling himself. l am surprised that those who
know me could stand sponsor ior imputations
on my conscientious convictions, 1- have no
personal interests to further, no gain to expect
from this controversy. My position dot*s rot
depend on notoriety am? the past months have
but brought me added labor. That the rich
should not feel the necessity of the measures I
have taken 1 can well understand. They are
beyond the reach of that petty bigotry, that
petty spite, that petty persecution by which
girls have been hounded from, the factories,,
vrorkingmen driven from their employment,
Catholics deprive.! of every opportunity to
earn their daily bread. Ido not represent the
rich. They can afford to treat all these things
with silent contempt. li I represent any one
beside myself I represent the poor.
I know whereof I sp.-Hk when I say that the
conspiracy which John P. Young has done so
much to foster hns worked many a cruel wrong
on those who bave neither money nor friends
nor fiuence to bestead them in their need.
It was the knowledge of these things which
moved me to engage in this controversy, for I
believe that only by letting in the light can an i
end be put to the conspiracy. All that I have I
and all that l am 1 owe to the people, and by
my profession all that I have and thai I am
belong to ihe people. In this controversy I
stand simply for their rights nnd for their good
name, ana may God forbid that the day should
ever come when 1 shall be afraid or ashamed
to speak for mine own. P. C. YoRKE.
January 14, 1800.
The following is the Chronicle editorial
to which Father Yorke takes exception:
THE RELIGIOU9 CONTROVERSY.
Rev. Father Yorke expresses the opinion that
no harm can lesult Trom the continuance of
the theological controversy now ngitating San
Francisco. In this he differs from most other
persons who have given the subject considera
tion.
When the Examiner on the 12th of last
month refused to accord Father Yorke and his
opponents any more space to present their
views on the subject of religion it did so on the
distinct ground thnt bad feeling was being
stirred up in the community. Here are its
words:
The I im ncr would be willing to let the licht-
Ing -o on indefinitely in its columns if any stood
l>ur]>..<.- ronld be subserved by it. but dangerous
passions nr^ becom aroused, and tbe worldly
are qnoting, with n sneer, "But I say unto j-oii,
lovt- one another. l'ray for them that despitefuily
use you." A. few .sermons on that text from both
Catholic and Protestant pulpits would seem to be
particularly appropriate just ih>\v.
This is the view of the subject that the
Chronicle took when it declined to open its
columns to the discussion of vexed religions
ins. It whs simply adhering to a rule of
tho paper, established many years ago, to not
open its page. j to polemists. It regretted that
in the pursuit of its legitimate function of
printing the ni-ii* it was sometimes compelled
to report public meetings where abuse and
religious animadversions formed the chief
topic But it steadfastly adhered to its resolu
tion of avoiding, so far us possible, the provo
cation of bad feeling.
Hut even if this were- not the fact. If the
Chronicle, like the Examiner, had only made
the discovery at the ele\ enth hour that "dan
gerous passion* were becoming aroused," it
would not have hesitated to frankly admit its
mistake, and would liav done all la its power
to put a period to a controversy which, whai
ever those may sny who have not sufficiently
Investigated the 'matter, is embittering per
sonal relations and threatens to cause a revival
of the evils that afflicted the country during
the "forties" and "fifties."
The Chronicle knows that its apprehensions
are shared oy the business community, who
see the possibilities of further depression if
this mrriHce is allowed to bang over the <'i:y.
We have already presented the views of
numerous prominent citizens of all shades of
belief, and they are a unit in the expression
that the daily publication of religious crimina
tion and recrimination is directly provocative
of trouble, nnd we are convinced that if a caii
va«s of all the peace-loving inhabitants of
San Francisco were made they would fully
agree with the Chronicle that it would be wise
to cali a halt. We ever venture the belief
that lather Yorke will not desire to see the
controversy continued when he learns that
the work of attacking churches has already
commenced.
BOWMAN ON SCHOOLS.
The A. P. A. Editor Continues His
Comparison of the Catholic and
Protestant Views.
The following communication has been
addressed to The Call by H. W. Bowman,
editor of the American Patriot:
Office of the American Patriot, (
819 Market street. . j
F.ditor of the San Francisco Call— Deak Sir:
The chief point of controversy between Rome
and tne A. P. A. is over the public-school sys
tem. We, as Americans, contend that it is' a
public necessity and must be maintained at all
a/ards. On the other hand. Rome insists
upon a sectarian education of her children
and the overthrow of our American system of
public non-sectarian schools. We subjoin a
lew utterances of Popes and priests in refer
ence to our system :
Education outside the control of the Roman
Catholic church' is a dnmnaole heresy.
When I see them dra? from me the children, the
poor little children, and give 'h -m an infidel edu
cation it breaks my hear!.— (Pius IX.)
The common-school system in the United States
Is the worst In the world.— (Cardinal Manning.)
The public schools have produced nothing but a
godless generation of thieves and blackguards.—
(Priest Sehauer.)
I would as soon administer tne sacrament to
dogs as to Christians who send their children to
public schools.
rules* you suppress the public school system, as
at I'rexHiit conducted it will prove the damnation
of thiscountry.— (Priest Walker.)
A ripe knowledge of the catechism, minus
Massachusetts education, is preferable to her edu
cation minus the catechism.— (Cardinal Antonelli.)
The common schools of this country are sinks of
moral pollution and nurseries of hell."
We hold education to i>e a function of the church
and not of the state, mid in our ca<e we do not and
will not accept the statea.s an educator.— (Catholic
Tablet.)
The hideous fetich called the pnblic school is
only nn ugly idn; uffr uri.— (Colorado Catholic. t
We \\oni«l rut her our children should powoplli
utter Ignorance of letters than be ta'ighl in a school
th»t;is not catholic -(Catholic Quarterly Review.)
These so-called public schools art- iioi public
schools but iutidei and sectarian. ( atholic parents
who vend the'r children to such schools urn guilty
of mortal siu.—< Priest Freul.l
Emphatically asocial plague —(Bishop Perche.)
The chief argument of the Roman hierarchy
on the school question is the importance of a
moral education. They claim that the Amer
ican system of public school education is In
adequate in that it ignores moral teaching;
hence it is their duty to provide schools tor
their children where they will receive moral
education. This certainly looks commendable
on their part; but before we surrender -our
system it will be an act of wisdom to inquire
Into Koine's record as a teacher of morals and
thus be assured of her competency for the task
before we engage her to teach our children.
\V Int system of morals does she teach? What
have her scholars been, and how does she
teach morals, are all very important ques
tion*. For scholars she has had [taly and
Bpaio, France and Ireland, Mexico and' South
America. Now, if she be a competent teacher
and iier pupils apt to learu, we shall soon
expect to lind a high type of morality in nil of
the aforementioned countries. What are the
facts in the case? I'apal countries are hotbeds
of vice and Immorality. Home breeds crimi
nals like a swamp breeds mosquitoes. Gov
ernment statistics prove that the highest per
centage ol crime is found in all the Lands
where Kome is the educator. Italy and Spain
are overrun with murderers and brigands.
The south of Irelaud is n regular incubator
of law-breakers, and France is notorious for
its violation of the seventh commandment. In
Mexico and South America morals are at a low
ebb. All of the moral commandments are
broken with iinpugnity. It is as natural for
Komanists to lie, swear, steal, swindle and de
fraud as for a dock to swim. The Romish
church is full of thieves and robbers, of foul
mouthed blasphemers, of prize-fighters and
gamblers, of roughs and rowdies, of saloon
keepers and drunkards, of jailbirds and mur
derers, a;id yet poses as a teacher of moral*.
Romanism! That hatchery of crime, that cess
pool ol iniquity, giving* lessons in ethics]
Borne cannot show one country with a high
standard of morals, as the result of her teach
ing. The gali nnd impudence of Home in
posing as a teacher of morals is astounding.
Koine ! that deals out indulgences for sin, that
oners a premium for iniquity, that roars in
stitutions ot vice under the guise of religion!
Bah! Kome!;that claims the power to absolve
from sin, that teaches i- s devotees 10 lie and it
will forgive them, grants thorn the privilege of
perjuring themselves under promise of par
don, that allows its members to steal if they
will divide lhe plunder with the priests, that
teaches the murder of heretics is no
sin. ensuring the American public school for
its immorality! It is enough to turn
one's stomach. Home ! that blesses prize
fighters, fosters saloons, practices gambling,
encourages bull-fighting, justifies fraua, sanc
tifies sin and winks at iniquity— the only Jit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
teacher of morals for American children { \
Whnt consummate cheek ! How does ftomr
propose to teach the children morals? lift*
she a different system of education for the
parochial school than the one she has in the
church? Oli.no: It is the same system pre
cisely. Right here au important query arises.
If the product of the imffed-up hierarcliial
system *has been a prolific crop of sanctified
pugg and virtuous thugs, of devout thieves and
saintly murderers, is It not likely to turn out
more of the same kind if used in "the parochial
schools? If like causes produce a like effect,
such must be the result. When holy water is
equivalent to a holy life, bead stringing to
kind deeds, praying to images more virtuous
than telling the truth, adoring relics superior i
to exercising reason, how can you expect a I
high type of morality V
Can a priest, who lies about purgatory and i
transutistantiation, inculcate the principles ;
of truth and honesty to his scholars? If a !
child is taught that all his senses lie when
they testify that Koine's wafer tiod is bread,
is it any wonder that he is a stranger to truth? j
If a child is drilled to say "Hail Maty" instead
of "Hail Columbia/ can we expect to have
him come forth a loyal citizen? When he must
reßd garbled history, falsified facts, perverted
truth, can we expect him to be the peer of the
public-school scholar? If intelligence and
virtue Rre like Siamese twins, can we expect
them to live when separated? Shall a system
thn: places the rosary above reason, the scapu
lar above the schools, the dogma above the
man, the church above the state, the priest
above the people, the Pope above the Presi
dent, be considered a safe one for th,> educa
tion of American youth ?
If upon the alleged ground of its immorality,
the American public school system should f«;
abolished, then by all the laws of logic under
heaven the Roman church, thut is the parent
of so much crime, that floods our jails with j
criminals, that runs our drnuJcard factories, j
that furnishes the hobos and hoodlums, the
plug-uglies and shoulder-hitters, who disgrace !
our cities; that provides boodle aldermen, i
ward bosses, political heelers and. naloon poli- j
ticians to run our municipal government, and
tries to j>!nce her law-breakers into office all
over the land, should be sunk in ihe sea of ob- i
livion so deep that it never cau have a resur
rection.
Who are Rome's most trusted teachers? The
suits. Are they excellent teachers of morals?
Dead to every sentiment of virtue, blind to
every principle of justice, false to every motive
of honor, recreant to every feeling of hnman- 1
ity, destitute of love of morality atd bound by
the most solemn oaths . evur administered of '
unflinching fidelity to the interests of "Mother ;
church," their chief purpose in life only to |
carry out the deep-laid schemes of pnpal ag- i
grandizement, they set themselves up as the !
real safe teachers of moraJril Shall Americans |
allow these unprincipled, iiur«-ia*Kning agents
of the I'ope, these blind, fanuticfu' followers of >
the illiterate Ignatius Loyola, \» ho have been
an unmitigated curse to Europe rdurlng nil the ;
centuries of their existence, to btcome the sole !
Instructors of our youth? TheJParlinmont wf \
France, in ordering their expulsion from the
empire (17U2), set forth their m<x-Rl character (
as follows: "The consequences of tneirdoc-
trinesdestroy the laws of nature*; break ail;
bonds of civil society, authorizing lyings
theft, perjury, the utmost unclean ness, murder
and all sins! Their doctrines root cut all sen- ;
timents of humanity; excite rebellion, root
out all religion and substitute all j sorts of su
perstition, blasphemy, irrellKion a /id idolatry."
Can men who are trained in vie c, schooled in
sin, steeped in perjury and dri lied in decep>
lion teach pure, morals? Will rat m who are re*
gardless of truth and mercy insti li moral prin
ciples in the minds of their pupil is when it is
to their interests to do other b ? Will a so-'
ciety whose foul plots darken the. pages of his
tory tench loyalty to a Government they do
not approve? Can we expect th Jesuits, that I
even Roman Catholic countries have branded
| as the enemies oi civil freedom and social or
der, to train up a generation of youth in the
principles of liberty and morality? Jesuiiism
has lowered the standard of mor llity and set a
premium upon sin. Loyalty to the Pope is a
virtue with them. Query: Are tliey safe teach
ers? What do they teach? Whiat will be the
result of their teaching? When > you can set
tire to a haystack witn an icicle y oil can kindle
j a flame of patriotism on the a Itar of liberty
with the doctrine of papal suprf unacy. • When .
you can hatch canary birds out; of duck eggs ■
you can make good loyal republican citizens
out of devoted sons of the- Romish church.
Wnen you can feel secure in put ting a wildcat
into your hencoop to watch yoijr chickens it !
! will be safe to intrust the liber of this Re
-1 public In the hands of papists.
When children can make pets out of rattle
| snakes with their poisonows. fangs unex-
I tracted", it will be saje to nllo»v Roman priests
| to act as instructors of youth,. -When you can
: get a cat to act as mother for orphaned rats
j you can turn homeless children over to the
. care of Rome and not fear tor their welfare
; when you can teach a .fish to walk on its tail
and live on dry land, ye v may expect to enjoy !
untrammeled religious and -civil liberty where
papacy is dominant. AVheiii you iincl a hen
that can swim you imay «vxpect to meet a de
vout Romanist who is uhe. friend of thought. I
■ When smallpox is the sgmbol of health aud
j city sewers make nice drinking lountains Jes
: uits will make moral instructors of youth.
Romanism is a supplanter. Bbc seeks to su p
plant certain of our invcUutions by those of
her own. She refuses to accept the institu
tions she linds here, hem supplants them by
rearing those of lirr own liking. She has sub
stituted the parochial ichool for the public
school. The parochial scbool is the open foe of '
the public school. It is ar» un-American institu
tion not indigenous loour soil. Let us note a
few points of contrast becivecn the two:
The public school mi inufactures American
citizens; the parochial sohool turns out papal
traitors.
The public school enlijhteriß the mind; the !
parochial school darkens the intellect.
The public school is t he drinking-fountaln
of liberty; the parochl. il school is Rome's
police ofiicer, to place m enacles on the mind
before the child is old cno ugh to resist.
The public school turns out men and women;
the parochial school Unuis out slaves and !
tool:-.
The public school is the lieadlight of Ameri- '
can civil liberty; every parochial school is a
papal throne, where Pope I'.eosits, representa
tively, In absolute dominio. over the inmates.
The American public school has been the
mental birthplnce of great statesmen, famous
orators and noted poets; thei parochial school
has been a brewery. whe re traitors were !
brewed and treason distilled.
The American public school is the fertilizer
of the mind; the parochial school is the vice ;
that holds the child's faculties while the priest
cuts the thn-ad of superstition ana screws on j
the nut of infallibility.
Now we assert, Mr. Editor,, that the above- j
mentioned facts are sutlicie.njt to make Ameri- !
! cans suspicious of Rome's system of education. !
Jl. w. Bowman. I
BONNEE AND HIS HOKSES.
The Veternn Soon to Erect a Large
Training Stable.
I hear that Robert lJonner, the veteran,
will soon erect a largre training stable on
his stock farm, near Tarrytown. In Mr.
Bonner's well-kept stables this winter
there is sheltered horseflesh to the value
of $300,000. In one row of six stalls there
are six horses worth -at any time at least
$125,000. Everything about the Bonner
stock farm denotes simplicity, cleanliness
and quiet. The training stables are n
model of their kind. The blacksmith shop,
kennels and breeding stables are each per
fectly designed for tue purpose. Though
the interior of the building is piain, no
money has been spared to make the quart
ers of the thoroughbreds as comfortable as
possible. The box stalls are 10 by 12 feet,
and the floors are of cJay and plank.
The appliances about the barn are of the
simplest kind. It is at this barn that Mr.
Bonner spends much of his time. He is
his own driver and trainer, and he is the
peer of many of the so-called professionals
of the day. A feature of the farm is the
black-smith shop. Here all the defects of
the horses' gaits are looked after. Mr.
Bonner discovered that the secret of keep
ing a horse sound lay chiefly in keeping
tiie bearing of the foot'levcl. With this in
view he lias one of the best equipped
blacksmith-shops and hoof-curing estab
lishments in the world. Mr. Bonner's
mile track is the finest of the kind in
Westchester County. Here the great
speed of Maud S was increased. In Mr.
Bonner's stables at the present time are
Maud B, Sunol, Karus and Klfriday and
other familiar. horses.— New YorK Adver
tiser. , - ■ . ■ L.l .:•;
A Series of Coincidences.
Ben Russell, the sergeant-at-arms of the
Hotue, and Ben Russell, the representa
tive of the Second Georgia District, have
discovered a remarkable series of coinci
dences in their respective lives. They were
both born in October; each man's father
and grandfather, respectively, was named
lienjamin, ami their ancestors came from
Massachusetts. Mr. Russell of Georgia
enlisted in the First Georgia Regiment;
the other Russell enlisted in the First
Maine (afterward the Tenth) Regiment.
Both were discharged as first lieutenants;
both went into the newspaper business;
each man has owned hie paper for twenty
one years; both were Mayors of their re
spective towns; both served two terms in
their State Legislatures; both were dele
gates to National conventions, and now
they are both serving the United States
under the same roof.
In China tiger bones are used as a medi
cine. It is cohsidered that they impart to
tbe iuvaHU some of the tiger'^ strength.
"NOTHING LIKE SYSTEM."
The Art Institute Takes a
Gigantic Stride to the
Front.
ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES.
Instructors Are Permitted to Use a
System So They Can See Their
Work Begin.
In this thoroughly commercinl age, when
minutes are valuable and hours are price
less, it i? perhaps necessary to have some
system about things— that is some system
where the employee cets the worst of it.
There is a new system at the Art Asso
ciation up on California street. The sys
tem referred to is a good one because it
lias been tried in boot aDd shoe stores and
match factories. Anything that is a suc
cess in a boot and shoe store or a match
factory ought, according to the eternal lit
ness of thincs, to be a great feature for an
academy of art. There :ire many pasres in
history that would not to-day be in otir
public libraries but for the fact that cer
tain systems have made the world easy to
THE FLIGHT OF A PROFESSOR FOR THE ART ASSOCIATION.
[Sketched by a "'Call'" arti.if.]
handle, the right side always appearing'
np.
It might be well to stop right at this
point and explain what kind of a system
has been designed, placed, and screwed !
down in the Art Association. First of all !
, it is one of those systems that is better
than double-entry bookkeeping and as
simple as a rubber stamp. It lias been es- :
pecially arranged for the exclusive use of |
five of our best-known and respected citi- ;
; zens, all of whom, through being able to
write, lind the system easy to control and
: no previous instruction is required.
These gentlemen, Messrs. Sianton, .Toul- j
lin, Tiiden ,Yelland and Mathew.i, are nl- I
most household names, and when not oth- j
erwise encaged can be found at the rooms i
of the Art Association teaching young (
, people how to draw, paint and model in ;
clay. Conditions used to be such that these
gifted individuals could be found thereat
least part of the time of the day set aside j
for them to handle the helm, while other
i parts of the day they could be found sorne
i where else. The system prepared and per- !
■ fected for thorn is of that variety that
makes it possible for them to be there all i
of the day without inconvenience to any- j
body.
It is the syste.-n that permits this ac-
ComplisbmeoL All th;u is required of the '
I foregoing gentlemen, }r professors of art, ;
I is be at the academy so near the hour of '
i 9 a. m. that they can take a pencil — nre- \
j vionsly prepared by Secretary Martin — !
i and fix their names to the arrival chart :
I just the same as the man who runs a i
■ buzz saw in a box factory. After signing
I the record they pass on to the instruction
! rooms and. taking off their coats, proceed ;
I to drill artistic designs into the heads cf
; the students.
When they are prepared, through hun
• ger, for lunch, they pass out again and
! state what time they left, on the departure
chart. It is all very simple and the pro
fessors are able to avoid crowding each t
other since they began to understand the
intention of the directors.
At 1 p. m. the chart is once more arranged ,
to receive its record and more signatures
are added, not for the purpose of over- j
working the professors out to keep up the !
system. It is working very well at the
I present tune and saves a great deal of j
trouble to the instructors. It enables them I
to see what time tney get to work and con- ;
sequently they f t -el more at home when !
they arrive. There is no feeling that op- j
proaches the delight of "knowing where '
you are at." Few citizens of this section have |
I ever experienced the thrill that follows a i
: knowledge of being familiar with their I
whereabouts.
The professors are now so wrapped up in
th« system that it is no uncommon thing
to see Mr. Stanton or Mr. Joullin lali down ]
the Bohemian Club stair 3 at rive minutes !
to <> and b.-«In a flight for the Art Associa-
Won. if they arrive i.i time to hear the
merry stroke of the hall clock a smile of
triumph takes possession of their faces and j
>, y a £ e ., ha PPJ' t{ >c remainder t the day. '
-Mr. lildei). who used to believe in the
French method of showing up only when i
™»wn Wen expected, has got all over '
the i habit and now finds comfort and solace
in being present just on (he minute.
Mr . Mathewsand Mr. Yelland will drop j
a landscape with the butter side down to !
get to the institute on time. They are !
deeply interested in their work and are in i
love with the system.
The director who is the father of the !
system is said to have visited the box fac
tories, planing-mills, brickyards, overall
foundries and canneries so as to familiarize
himself with the most approved methods
of recording departures and arrivals, while
Secretary Martin, of the all-seeing eye, I
attends to it that the system apparatus is !
always in Kood condition ready to work at j
the BCroi;e of 9 a. m. and 1 v. m.
Let history in after years record this
artisuc nine stroke.
Geogranical Society Officers.
The (feogrnphical Society elected" these offi
cers yesterdßy at 331 Pine street : President,
Professor (ieorge Davidson; vice-president,
Ralph C, Harrison; second vice-president,
Irving M.Scott; third vice-president, Charles
L. Taylor; recording secretary, John Partridge:
home corresponding secretary. Jeremiah
ci yn ,j ' for , e| R n corresponding kecretarv. Mark
Sheldon; directors— Professor George ' David
son, Charles L. Taylor, Harry Durbrow, John
I Partridge, E. J. Bowen, Louis L. Nelson and
John Dolbeer; councilors— Hon. Ralph C. Har
rison, Hon. Jeremiah Lynch, William Hood,
Charles Ooorlnl], Mark Sheldon. Dr. F. Stevens
rook, James F. Houghton, <iustave Niebaum,
Pens tor (ieorge C. Perkins, Henry Lund, Irving
M. Scott, Adolph Suiro.
WILL SEGREGATE CONTRACTS.
Bnildcrs Prevail Upon the Supervisors
to Make Needed Changes.
The Fire Department Committee of the
Board of Supervisors decided yesterday to
segregate the contracts for work coming
under their jurisdiction when asking for
bids. A committee ot builders and brick
layers waited on the committee to advo
cate the measure and gave many reasons
for their belief that such a course would
not only work to their benefit but also to
that of the City. They stated that the
main reason why they desired the work
segregated was that they were often de
frauded out of their money by carpenters
who took contracts for buildings, sublet
the brickwork, plumbing and other work
that they could not do themselves, and
after getting paid for the job decamped
without settling with the subcontractors.
The committee at first decided to take the
matter under advisement, but later, after
talking the matter over, decided to grant
the brickworkers' desires.
HASTE IS ON THE BACK.
Governor Budd Has Ordered an
Investigation of the
Charges.
Work on the Ferry Depot Will Soon
Begin— Attorneys Are Nearing
an Agreement.
" Governor Budd was present at the meet
ing of the Harbor Commissioners yester
day and took part in the discussion about
the letting of the contracts for the new
ferry depot. Ho. also called the attention
of President Colnon to the fact that charges
' had been made against Superintendent of
! Towboats and Dredgers Haste, and that an
investigation should be held at once. It
will begin at 10 a. m. to-day and theGov
-1 ernor will be present. As stated in yester
! day's Cam,, Haste is accused by William
Deacon of the Main-street Iron Works of
accepting commissions from firms to which
lie pave State work. Haste says that at
' to-day 'd investigation lie will be able to
! prove his innocence.
When the board was called to order Cap
tain Oliver of the American ship Edward
O'Brien asked to be heard. He said he was
not aware that he was breaking the law
! when his ship anchored off Alcatraz
| Island. As soon as he could get ashore he
| wont to the telegraph-office to answer a
1 message informing him of a death in his
: family. When he pot back to the water
front he heard of the altercation between
| the Assistant Chief Wharfinger and his
mate, and at once went out to move the
O'Brien. By that time the Harbor Com
missioners" tug had her in tow and the
, trouble was over.
President Colnon drew Oliver's attention
i to the fact that there was a bill for towage
i and expenses of moving the ship of $57 50
j against him. This the captain agreed to
i pay and begged that leniency be shown to
i the mate. According to him it would be
a great misfortune if the young man was
! prosecuted for a misdemeanor. On the
: motion of Commissioner Chadbourne the
question of arresting young Oliver was
dropped.
P. F. Dundon has decided to tear up the
I tracks and the derrick he built on the sea
wall two weeks ago without permission.
I The Harbor Commissioners agreed to al
i low them to remain providing Dundon
j would give them a bond guaranteeing to
defend nil damage suits that might be
I brought for injuries sustained through the
j tracks being laid on the front. In his let
! tcr to the board Mr. Ihindon said his com
pany would remove the tracks and derrick
I on accouut of "the enormity of the obliga
tions under which we were to be placed."
When the ferry depot came under dis
j (Mission, F. S. htratton, special attorney
for the board, said that no definite dacisioh
| in regard to the signing of the contracts
I had been arrived at. He said, that the
: Commissioners' attorney. Dr. Taylor, who
j represents the Ilisdon Iron Works, and
i himself had conferred on the matter, and
j were of the opinion that there were no
; ditticulties in the way of going on with the
j work. He suggested that the Governor,
Treasurer and Controller sign the plans,
and tiien there would be no more trouble.
Governor Budri said this could not be done,
as the Trrasurc-r was sick. "But I believe,"
said he, "that tlie attorneys are all pretty
well agreed, and that in a few days all will
be plain sailing."
'•We are all pretty well of the carrie
mind," said Htrutton. "One thing I am
sure of; there is rot enough difference of
opinion among us to warrant an appeal to
the Supreme Court." .The matter then
went over to the next meeting of the board,
and the contractors took their departure.
W. R. Larzelere. the produce-dealer, was
before the board protesting against a bill for
$25 GO, which the Chief Wharfinger had sent
to him. It wus for over a thousand sacks
of potatoes which he nas been storing on
Jackson-street wharf for some time. He
explained that he had only followed the
usual custom ami was ready to move the
potatoes when notified. On the motion of
( ion missioner Cole it was decided to rebate
the whole amount of the bill.
Just as the board was about to adjourn
Governor Budd arose and said : "I have
found in a good many instances that State
employes have been using their positions
to make money outside of their salaries.
Charges have been made against Superin
tendent of Dredgers Haste, and I think an
investigation should be held. lam op
posed to men trying to make money ille
gally out of the State, and everybody I
have found at it has lost his head."'
"Perhaps Mr. Haste doesn't want an in
vestigation," said Commissioner Cole.
"It makes no difference," said the Gov
ernor. "This matter must be taken up,
and the sooner the better."
On the motion of Chadbourne the inves
tigation was set for 10 o'clock this morn-
There is a boy in Hamilton, Mo., who
works on a farm and between whiles
knits soj;ks at the rate of two pairs a week.
THE SAN LEANDRO BABIES
Placed on Exhibition by the Sis
ter Superior of the Girls'
Directory.
WHY SHE SENT THEM AWAY.
Says the Garb the Sisters Wear Is a
Matter of Choice, but Not Author
ized by the Church.
In a ne.it, clean and comfortably fur
nished room on the ground floor of the
Girls' Directory at the corner of Central
and Beuna Vista avenues, near Buena
Vista Park, there were yesterday afternoon
eighteen little tots, all dressed in warm,
clean, comfortable clothing. They were a
bright, happy looking lot of youngsters,
with lat, chubby faces indicative of the
fact that they were not suffering for the
want of nourishment. They were seated
in little rockers and on big chairs, and
were singing baby songs when seen.
"These," said Sister Mary Margaret, the
sister superior of the institution, "are the
children that were in our branch home
two miles beyond San Leandro and of
whose condition Miss Prescott made com
plaint a few days ago and whom Father
McSweenyof Oakland announced he would
take from us. These little ones, and they
range from a year and a half up to five or
six, need good pure fresh milk, and in order
to supply them with it we concluded to
get a four-room cottage near San Leandro
and keep them there. Complaint was
made that the floors of the place are with
out carpets and that the walls are bare.
Well, did you ever see an orphan asylum
where the floors are carpeted or the walii
hung with tine pictures and ornaments?
"Complaint is also made that the little
ones sleep on sacks tilled with straw. The
beds on which they sleep are made of
checked blue and white gingham, and it
is true that these ticks are not filled with
feathers, for it would not do to place chil
dren of that ace on feathers. They have
good, comfortable, clean mattressts which
are placed in cribs. There are two dozen
of these, so that each child has its own.
"I had these children brought over here
to-day so that they coul.i be seen, and any
one can see that they are not maltreated
or starved.
"We— that is, the Sißter3 who are in
charge of this home for girls— are charged
with being frauds on the Catholic church.
I want to say that we never have repre
sented ourselves as being patronized by !
the church. I have told that to Father
McSweeney and to every other priest and
every one who visits us.
"We are Catholics and bring up the
children under our rare in that faith. We
are an incorporated society, and receive
girls of every creed or nationality and care
for them. The majority of the children
left with us are those of very poor parents
who are unable to care for them. Of the
eighteen we have here two are foundlings,
two have but one parent each aud the oth
ers have both parents. When we receive
children not of our faith we ask the par
ents to allow us to bring them up in our
faith. Then we keep them until they are
14, or until they make their first commun
ion.
"Last Sunday eleven eirls from here
made their tirst communion in St. Agnes
Church on Masonic avenue, right near our
home. After they have made their first
communion we find places for them in re
spectable families and by that time the
parents take care of them." If at any time
parents can pay anything toward the sup
port of their children they pay us a small
sum. The eighteen little ones here are
supported by us, except one, for whose
care we are paid $5 a month.
'As to the garb we wear, we do not
wear it by any sanction of the church, but
we can wear what we like. We call our
selves 'the Sisters of St. Francis,' and are
a body of women, eight in number, who
devote our lives to caring for children who
cannot be cared for by parents. Some of
the women who have joined us have given
us money to be uaed in our work. We
have a number of people who contribute
so much a month to heip us maintain the
home.
"As to our branch home, why, we have
no object<on to having it visited by any
member of the pres-s. and we shall ask
som<» of the reporters to go there and see
for themselves.
"Thin home was started in 1887, on
Christmas day, after I had consulted with
the late Father Buchard. He waited on
the Archbishop, who, through turn, said
that he had no objection to my engaging
in this work. With Sister Mary Immac
ulate as niv assistant, a small home was
opened on Grove street, and then we went
to Van Ness avenue, where we were
obliged to pay $7o a month rent. A sister
joined us and guve us $1000. and with that
amount I went to look for a block of land
near the park. 1 found just what I
wanted, but the price wns $20,000. Then
I found this place was owned by a lady
who was obliged to sell, and she let me
have it for $0000. But as I had only $1000,
NEW TO-DAY.
CURSED.
For 16 Years Compelled tn Eat a
Pound of PoLson Weekly.
Saved at Last by a Wonderful Antidote-An
Almost Incredible Story of Suffering
Told by a Louisianian.
It is wonderful what a human being will
endure. Just look around and see the
people day after day toying with life and
health, the most precious things we have,
as if they were the commonest of all
earth's good things.
Nature will not be imposed upon. She
is bound to get even— to square accounts
So man starts a habit, but nature con-
tinues it and, for punishment, he can't
quit. Take the case of Georee Rathban.
*or sixteen years he had to fill his system
with poison to keep from going insane
and he would be still in the rack of torture
had not No-To-Bac cured him— cured the
habit of sixteen years in sixteen days.
Read his letter.
Bonita, La., Aiie 18 ISO 1 }
Gentlemen: I have been cured com-
pletely of the tobacco ha*oit by using No-
io-Bac. I have used tobacco over seven-
teen years. Four pounds a month is what
I used for sixteen years of mv life, and I
believe that No-To-Bac will cure any one
that will take half a box. I took six tab-
lets one day, three the, next, three the
next, and one the next day, and I was
completely cured. After that I had to
take eight more tablets to cure me of
nervousness. Twenty-one tablets, you
see, made a final cure, and all in sixteen
days. I can very highly recommend No-
lo-Bac to all who are cursed with the
tobacco habit and want to get rirl of it.
One box will cure the worst case 1 ever
saw. Very truly yours.
GEO. RATHBAN.
Now, dear reader, tobacco-user for a
little or a lone time, don't say "I can't be
cured." No-To-Bac makes it so easy to
quit, and will do you so much good for
your nerve?, blood and manhood. You
don't have to take our word for it. Buy it
from your own druggist under absolute
guarantee of cure. Get our booklet "Don't
Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Life A wav "
AVritten guarantee and free sample mafled
for the asking. Address The Sterling
Remedy Co., Chicago and. New York.
a gentiemun who knew what good we had
done loaned me $5000.
"That $5000 was the only Inree donation
we ever hud except one of $5000 from a
young man who worked around the Do
minican church and who had an idea that
he might some time join the Dominican
order. He suddenly fell heir to a large
estate, and he gave the home the amount
I have named. Since then we have re
ceived small contributions, and have man
aceil to pay off all our dabts except about
$3000.
"Father McSweeney has visited the
home three times since last August, and
he knows that I told him, as I teil every
one, that we are not an organized body,
that is, organized by the churcb.
"He spoke favorably of our work.
Shortly after the home was started I wrote
to the Bishop and he sent me a reply, in
which he wrote: 'I am delighted to know
how well the home is getting along. May
God bless every step you take in behalf of
the poor, which you have successfully
done. 1
"We have been here five years, and this
is the first, time we have heard any com
plaint. On the contrary, we have received
much praise. Why, there is a Swedish
woman named Lelovre who had five chil
dren in the home, took instructions and,
with her five children, was baptized in
the Catholic faith to show her gratitude
for what we had done."
THE TUKKISH CAVALRY.
It Is Composed of Thirty-Five Regi
ments of Trained Horsemen.
The Turkish cavalry, says the Egyptian
Herald, has a ereat advantage over Euro
pean cavalries, in so much as it can be
more easily recruited from populations
having from birth habits of horsemanship,
whereas in Europe, where recruits have
to be taken from everywhere, they come
as frequently from thefworking classes and
rural classfs" as from those who are habitu
ated to riding.
The service being of four instead of three
•years, as is the case in France and Ger
many, Turkish cavalry derives from this
longer service advantages which it is not
necessaiy to point out. If . the modern
strategical coae has completely modified
the conditions under which must now
operate the actions of cavalry, it has in no
way diminished the importance of it.
With the repeating rifle and the far-reach
ing cannon, the old-fasbioned groupings
on the battlefield and the great charges in
a body can no longer be used.
Cavalry i? the eye of an army, as well as
a veil behind which it conceals its move
ments. A numerous cavalry is thus indis
pensable to a proper military organization.
The Turkish cavalry is thus thirty-rive
regiments of five squadrons. The number
might seem little in keeping with the mili
tary conditions of Turkey, but the Sultan
has found in the patriotism oi his faithful
subjects a method of doubling — and even
more than that — his cavalry forces in time
of war. The armament of Ottoman cavalry
is composed of slightly curved swords auil
small-caliber rifles.
A certain number of regiments are fur
nished with a lance, and everything tentis
to the supposition that these" will be dis
tributed to the rest of the cavalry. The
uniform consists of a simple tunic, with
one row of buttons, a pair of gray trousers
and Prussian boots. The horses belong
generally to the Twrco-Persian or Arab
crossbreed. Of rather small build, of deli
cate form, nervous, with supple legs, and
indefatigable, these horses are both very
intelligent and very docile.
A vacuum process of canning fruits in
glass has been invented which ii is prophe
sied will doom forever the old-fashioned
and extremely obnoxious tins. All the
deleterious gases generated in rooking the
fruit and even the air are extracted by
this new method, so that fermentation is
reduced to a minimum. No solder i.-< used
and each jar is opened by making a punc
ture with a penknife, after which the
co\er can be lifted off entirely.
In bidding for the new first-class cruis
ers for th.» British navy there was but 1
per cent difference between the bid* of the
three competing firms. About $2,150,000
vrill be paid for eacli 11,000-ton vessel.
XTEW TO-DAT.
cinipii
WINTER
CLEARANCE SALE
BEFORE STMX-TUIIK.
PHENOMENAL BARGAINS
Colored! less Goods.
Golorefl Dress Goods.
125 Dress Patterns, in
All-Wool Cheviots
and Silk Mixtures,
To Close, $2.45 ' Facb
175 Dress Patterns, in
Novelty Checks and
Tweed Suitings,
1o Go at $3.50 Each
275 Dress Patterns, in
all New Weaves and
Colorings, in Ca-
niche, Boucle, Chev-
iots, etc., '
To Clear, $5.25 Each
75 Dress Patterns, in
the High-grade Nov-
elties, former price
$13.50, $17.50, $20
and $25,
To Go at $6.50, $8.50, $9.50 aad $13 50
SPECIAL-JUST OPENED.
5O Pieces Imported Plaids, in
Rough and bmooth Effects.
Very Handsome.
SE HABLA KSPAXOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary nnd Grant Aye
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LQ§ ANGERS,CONQUERED BY CORRIGAN.
The Downtown Pool-Sellers Be
lieve It Best to
Stop.
HARRY E. CORBETT'S TALK
Carrier Pigeons Were Used to Secure
the News, but Were Found
to Be Sadly Wanting.
The downtown poolrooms are dead.
They were moribund some weeks ago,
wb.°n they hobbled along using the Wal
lace decision as crutciies. but the coup de
grace came when Edward Corrigan leased
the only wires running out of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club track at Ingleside.
fifteen room-keepsrs for men, boys
ana women, located in outlying districts,
and the seven in the "Belfry" cotild get
neither odds nor results. They were being
urrestcd besides for violating the Ellert
ordinance, and were being obliged to
either plead guilty or else appeal their
hopeless cases at considerable expense, so
they aeemed it advisable to go out of busi
ness.
The "Big Eight," consisting of those
firms having capital on which to run a
pool-selling business at a loss until the
California Jockey Club meeting begins in
a week or so, made a strong tight to keep
open in the face of adversity. ' They were
arrested a number of times and convic
tions were secured in the lower court.
Appeals are now resting in the Superior
Court. Bvit they see now that the Diruond
ordinance has been passed to print, pro
hibiting the sales of pools in any place out-
Bideoi a raci track, and they realize their
life can be of short duration at best.
In accordance with this view, they met
yesterday morning, ana decided thru
I close up their respective houses
during i"r.<> hours in which racinsr takes
place at Ing>side. They will still .
commissions during the early morning
hours on opening or closing quotations as
published in tire newspapers, and they
will place the wafers on commission at the
track for the bettors.
This is as graceful a manner as the pool
men can make thur exit. They do not
care to acknowled c their defeat or that
they have retired from busings for the
rea«on that they know they will be in run
ning form a<r,tin in s' iort while when the
races will heirin at the Ray District track.
The Call has already related the
various methods men have em
ployed to furnish t:jeir pitrooa with the
quotations on each race and the results.
They have made a strong fight, and their
killing off lias been hard.
They have had scores of men, women
and boys running out of the Ingleside
track with the necessary information for
lads on horseback or on bicycles to con
vey to neighboring telephones so that a
quick communication might be ha-i with
the downtown roo.-ns. They have hired
discharged Westen Union Telegraph em
ployes to take eitler end of a mile of wire
which they stretched from th« outside of
the racetrack to :he nearest telegraph sta
tion. They filially used carrier pigeons.
This latter move'was made late Monday
afterrhjun after one of the women carrying
dispatches from the track had been inter
cepted.
The pigoons were let loose with the odds
on the fourth rare attached to their necks.
The birds flew around above the track for
twenty m inn before starting for their
destination. This was very unsatisfactory \
to the poolmen. One bird reached its cote j
at Leidesdorff sfreet tifty minutes after be
ing liberated, ana the other has not yet been
teen.
The Jockey Club people have become
aware of the carrier-pigeon scheme, and
yesterday they had two crack shots outside '
of the track grounds with shotguns to try
to bring down the birds and the informa
tion they carried. They did not get a
shot, however, for the efficiency of that
mode of travel had been foundwanting
and the birds were not put in use.
In addition to that, the downtown rooms
having closed, there was no necessity to
resort to schemes to get in the news.
The value of Mr. Corrigan's victory over
the poolroom-keepers was apparent at the
racetrack yesterday. The weather was
murky and damp, and not the least calcu
lated to attract a large crowd. The races
were not out of the usnal merit, and still
the attendance was , far in excess of an
day in the past ten days, excepting, of
course, on Saturday.
The bookmakers naturally did a big
business. It was more than they expected
and in many instances they were obliged
to turn around their boards. This is a
wonderful commentary on the attractive
ness, as a comparison, of the racing proper
and the bett ine.
Harry E. Corbett was «een last evening
In regard to whether the closing of the
poolrooms yesterday at 1 o'clock means
their absolute extinction.
"I believe that I express the views of
what you people call the 'Big Eight,' " he
paid. "We have tried to secure the neces
sary information from the Ingleside track
to conduct our business by every legiti
mate and lecal means, lit. Cornganhas
chosen to shur us out and in his method
of doing so he has used rifles and burly
employes. The first were used to cut our
wires, which we had a perfect right to use,
and the second were for the purpose of
stopping our employes in the discbarge of
their duty from leaving the racetrack.
"Our men had paid their way in, and. like
anybody else, were entitled to leave when
they chose. We do not want to employ
l>eople to meet Mr. Corrican's men with
rifles, and perhaps have bloodshed, nor do
we want to send fighting men into the track
to battle their way out, as they would
hare a right to do, should they find their
pxit barred. All we want is to do a legiti
mate business, and as soon as the court
decides one way or the other we will act
accordingly. Why not wait until then for
action?
'That is the view we have taken of the
matter, and we have decided that it is best
to Bhat off for awhile sooner than adopt
the Corrigan tactics that would probably
cause much physical injury to hirelings
end a black eye to racing."
AMATEUR ATHLETES.
Clubs That Have Grown Tired of the
Amateur Union Kulea— Late
Sporting Kews.
The directors of the Olympic Club will,
it is thought, take some action at ttieir
meeting this evening regarding a report to
the effect that some of the athletes who
had won prizes in boxins and other games
made a practice of selling their orders for
jewelry, clothing, etc., to the highest bid
der for cash. Bach proceedings are en
tirely contrary to the laws of the Amateur
Athletic Association, and as a means of
defeating the aims of the athletes who may
win prizes in the future it is generally
thought that the directors will issue orders
Hint henceforth the prizes to be contested
for will consist of medals instead of orders
for jewelry, clothing, etc.
The senior member of the Landsberger
era 1 acrobatic learn met with a very
1 accident recently while practicing
isome ditlicult feat on the trapeze, and, as
a result, the team will not appear at the
entertainment Which will be given under
theau^i ... f n Je Olympic Club at the
Columbia '1 heater on the UOth inst. It is
said than he Acme Athletic Ciub of Oak
land will substitute a team of acrobats in
pUoe or tne Olympic Club's team, and that
an excel. ent Performance on the trapeze
and bars may be looked for.
The Acme CJulj athletes hove grown
very weary on account of the indifferent
treatment it is said that they have re
ceived from the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union, and
at a recent mee'.ing held In their club
room in Oakland they concluded to sepa
rate from the Pacific Association and
establish an association which will be in
dependent of the Amateur Union or any
body affiliated with the union.
The Acme athletes are sanguine that a
majority of the athletic clubs of this
coast will join their association, which
Will be governed by laws that will better
please the athletes' residing west of the
Rocky Mountains. J. Faulknei.a promi
nent athlete, said yesterday that the Pa
cific Coast athletes should be governed by
laws framed by themselves, and that what
ever money iscollected from the various
clubs should co to aid a Pacific Coast asso
ciation, and not the Amateur Athletic
Union, which has never done anything of
any consequence to boom athletic sports
on this coast.
According to the opinions of many ath
letes it is thought that a general forsaking
of the Amateur Union will result in the
near future.
The board of managers of the Pacific
Athletic Association Ims appointed a_ com
mittee to investigate the standing of ath
letes who are. said to, have competed with
professionals in athletic games. The com
mittee is composed of J. Humphrey, H. R.
Berry and John Elliott. Any amatenr
athlete who will be found guilty of having
transgressed the amateur laws will be im
mediately expelled from any club governed
Ly the rules of the Paciiic Amateur Asso
ciation. ___________ —
PUNISHMENT OF TRAMPS
Life in a County Jail to Be Pre
ferred to That on an Amer
ican Ship.
A Remarkable Specimen of Genius in
an Artist Who Would Not Work
Under Compulsion.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
<jOB Broadway, Jan. 14. )
A. A. Denison, an active member of the
Institute of Applied Christianity, has
been engaged for many years compilinz
data showing, among other things, the re
lation between genius and crime. He nas
just discovered a specimen of work done
by a tramp in the Alameda County Jail
The Historian of the Alameda Jail.
! three years ajro that he regards as the most
; remarkable curiosity yet found of that
nature. It is ix copy of the "Jail Journal."
It was written, edited and illustrated by a
New York artist, who many years ago
destroyed his studio after a night's spree
with some feilow-student and then took to
j the road. He decided to be a tramp and
■ for a dozen years he has abided by his
! decision.
He goes by the name of G. William
i Harriss and has made the acquaintance of
, scores of jails in various States. The man's
I ability witn his pen and pencil cannot be
I doubted and in cartoon work the Jail Jour
! nal abounds. The reading-matter is all
humorous and bristles with local sayings
ana doings, all of which .portray the utter
abandonment of the artist-editor to the
creed that declares that the world owes
| every man a living.
According to ex-Sheriff Hussey, who
| was In office when the Journal was com
piled, Harriss is just such a man as his
picture of himself as editor would lead an
observer to suppose. "Happy all day
long." said the ex-Sheriff to-day. ''Harriss
simply wanted a few sheets of paper and
some pencils to work with. He would
work sometimes steadily for twelve hours,
but be used to say that if he was forced to
1 work he would give out in twelve minutes.
He was utterly indifferent to appearances
and perfectly devoid of all self-pride ex
cept m his work.
"He was as satisfied in rags as he would
i have been in broadcloth, and so long as
1 his appetite was satisfied, bread was as ac
| ceptable as a French meal. He was not
■ an anarchist; he was not a socialist; he
j was not a thief. Harriss was a tramp,
and one of the most remarkable geniuses
that ever entered the County Jail."
The peculiarities of Harriss, as shown in
I his work, are being used by Mr. Dennison
to show how thoroughly useless is the lav
that confines such a man for ninety days
in a jail because he tramps the highways
: without any visible means of subsistence.
! Harriss dignifies imprisonment and makes
; it a thing to be desired by men who refuse
jto work. His journal treats the jail as a
little commonwealth, and leaves an im
pression upon the readers that there are
hundreds of people in Uaklanl at this time
to whom jail would be acceptable.
His "personals" and "religious notes"
; and "political items" and "current com
i ment" are all handled in a manner that
I shows completely a modern jail is un
fitted for the purpose of reforming crimi
nals. All these things Mr. Denison says
are radically wrong, an i it is the duty of
Institutes of Applied Christianity to advo
cate such practical reforms is prison dis
cipline as shall make prisoners better citi
zfins and lessen the burden upon the tax
payers to support them.
"Vag alley" in the Alameda County Jail
offers an existence a thousand times pref
erable to the existence of hone it American
sailors as was proved by "The Ked Rec
ord" investigated by the Institute a week
ago, and the object of the present research
is to provide some remedy in accord with
the advanced researches of the present
time in penology.
A Pacillc Coast Exhibit.
W. H. Mills of the California State Board of
Trade is greatly interested in his new project
of establishing in this City a Pacific Coast ex
j liibit, to be maintained in connection with the
Board of Trade's present exhibit. This will
include an exhibit from the mid Pacific isl
: ands. The idea is to solicit pro rata subscrip
j tions from the other States and Territories west
; of the RocKy Mountains aad make Ban l-'ran
cisco the headquarters for the distribution of
j all immigration f>>r the West. At a meeting
' yesterday General Chipman introduced a reso
-1 iution that a committee be appointed to look
into the matter. On this committee were ap
pointed W. 11. Mills. W, MasUn and L. C. Mc-
Afee, who will report at the next regular
meeting.
Fell Fourteen Feet.
Thomas Brennan, manager of the shirt fac
tory on Uough and Grove streets, was standing
on the top of some bales yesterday, when he
slipped and fell a distance of fourteen feet.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital. His
ribs were fractured and he was suffering from
iutenml injuries.
—• —♦ —•
Sail Jose Counterfeiter.
L. Diaz, arrested for passing a counterfeit
dollar In Han Jose, was brought to this City for
his preliminary examination by the Federal
authorities yesterrlay. lie will at once be ex
amined befjre United States Commissioner
11 (.'acock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
IT SUITED THE BOOKIES.
Cicero and Colonel Weightman
Both Tumbled Over the
First Jump.
MESTOR THEN WON CLEVERLY.
Alvarado and Highland the Only Win
ning Favorites — Major Cook
Upset Two Good Things.
With the weeding out of the downtown
pool-selling joints a noticeable increase is
apparent at the racetrack. Although the
weather was threatening yesterday a big
crowd filled the betting-ring at Ingleside
and speculation on the different events
was very brisk.
The first choices did not navigate
through the muddy going with the same
degree of success as on' the day preceding,
for out of six favorites sent to the post
Alvarado and Realization proved the only
winners.
One of the hardest reverses suffered
during the day by the talent was on the
two-mile handicap hurdle race with five
starters. Cicero was backed for a good
thing, a barrel of coin going in on him at
odds of 8 to 5. Colonel Weightman,
although receding in the betting from 9 to
sto threes, was well supported. April at
fours and Mestor with 4 and 5 to 1 about
him also had many friends. Adelante was
the outsider.
At the first jump Colonel Weightman
fell after alighting on the other side of the
hurdle, and Cicero, who took a jump just
after him, fell over the Colonel. With
these two out of the way, April and Mestor
had it all their own way. April led for a
mile and a half, when Mestor passed him.
Three-eighths of a mile from home Cairns j
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
"Twenty-Ninth Day of the Winter Meeting: of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Cloudy.
* Track Sloppy. Ingleside Track, San Francisco, Tuesday, January 13, 1896.
A FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; maiden three-year-olds ; purse $400.
Horse, weight.
St.
Vi
Str. Fin.
1 Betting.'
;op. a.
518 iPiqiie 101
I.i;tle Jimmie....lO3
512 Clnra Wilson 1011
619 Afflatus 1011
392 .Globe 105!
605 IPeixotto 103!
488 Mabel 1.. 101
355 LaFlecha 101
287 Irenes 101
40J Duchess 101
164 Imp. Allen 107;
1
I*
3
I■' 7.
. v 2
11
.8
4
10
5
6
9
2 1
10 2
33
61
9 1/2
6V2
4 h
11
IX
83
1 2
6
34
4 .
7
5
9
8
10
J2
11
12
4 3
2 2
5 :
6
3 1
7
8
10
9
11
13 Pigaott... I 2
3 1% M. Bergen 15
3 4 K. Cochran I 8-5 ■
4 1 H. Brown 20
6 1 J. (."born 1 12
63 McHugh 8
71 ■• K.Jones 30
8V 3 H.Martin j 8
9 6 Coady •_'()
10 5 Garner. ..' I 8
11 Hennessy 30
5 2
15
6 5
61)
20
30
40
8
100
10
100
Good start. Won easily. Winner, A. B.
post 31 minutes.
i' b. f., by Flambeau-imp. Petroleuse. Time, 1:12.
5
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse
>. 5400. .. % ■ ''•■ ' ' ' • ' '
Index.
Horse, weight, age. I St.
fMI
'^Vt:
i X
Str. j Fin. j
Jooiceys.
Bettiuc.
Op. CU
503 I Babe Murphy, 4. .101 4 1
(*81) George Miller, 8.. 110 1
624 Gallant, 4 101 j 6 j
(487) .Mainstay, 4 107 3 <
(408) Minnie fee, a 99 6 '
458 Zoolein, a 106 9
527 Arctic, 5..*. ....112 7
6 2 K\
1 1/ a ;
6 2
3% .
• 4 1/3
7
.3 I V2
.11
6 5 A
IT
5 2
4 h
7
I 14
32
5 Va
6 4
7
2 2
1 2
31
4
5
6
7
1 h ;
2 3
3 3
46
5 10 "
64
7--
Cochran i 3-y
I'O^E.'tt 3
Plggott 3
illennessy 8
Garner b
'Chorn 10
! Raymond 60
11-5
5
15
12
40
200
Good start. Won driving. Winner. L. Ezell's b. f., by Ellas Lawrence-Princess Glen. Time, 1 :3054,
Z.OC* THIRD RACE— One mile; three- year-olds and upward; conditions; penalties; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
; Betting.
|op. cl.
513 Alvorado, » PI 1
530 iModeroclo, 4 104 2
610 rtrncleUUei, 4....1091 4
614 IRoma, 4 107| 3
1 ft
2 3
4
34
1 lVs
2 5
4
3 4
1 8
9 B
•1
:•; S
1 3
2 6
i
3 1/3
1 1
2 5
38
4
i
Garnet
K. Cochran
I Chorn
IPiggott
4
a
6
6-5
9-5
4
5
2
Good start.
Won driving.
'. B. Sink's eh. g. by Amigo-Santu Margarita. Time, 1 :46.
7 FOURTH RACE— Two miles, over eight hurdles; handicap; purse ?500.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. 'Va j Std. *4 i/ 2 J Str.
625 Mestor. 6 135 524 2 5 2 6 2~8 Ti~
390 I April, 6 143 114 13 14 In 210
491 Adelante, 4 130 3.3 3 3 3 3
625 rol.Weightmn, 4.139 21*
525 Icici-ro, a 134! 4■» \
1 IV3 Hennessey ;
240 U»irns
3 Stewart
■ Mara....'. '
I J. Owens.....
netting.
' >p. Cl.
4
4
15
2
3
<xi start.
4:00.
on
ron FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
000. purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
Vi-
s /i
Str.
Fin. Jockeys.
14 PißKOtt
2 1 Garner
316 l»oug.'tt
4 J/2 MeClain
5 4 E. Jones
6 h E. Cochran
7y a 11. Martin
81.2 Whitman
9 4 M. Bergen
10 Va H. shields
11 iDenulson
Bet tine.
Op. Cl.
281 Maior Cook, 4....106 !
621 Boreas, 4 ... 99|
458 Sllgo, 6 109
633 Repeater. 4 106
617 Ashlnd Kclipse,4..lOO
. 478 (Sir George, a 112
617 Middleton, 6 101
60« | Myrtle 11, 3 79
430 MHgpip, 4 104
Irish Chief, a... 109
449 Zaragoza, 6.-. 110
4
I 5
I a
6
i 1
3
I 7
10
9
8
11
21
4 1
3 1
fh /3
1 h
Vi
8 8
71
9 2
11
10 2
1 3
3h
4 1/3
6 4
2 1
5 3
8 2
71
9h
11
10 1
13
It'
'&" \
4 3
5 4
8
7
9 '
11
10
2
3
2
6
20
12
30
10
10
■ 30
100
9-2
2
2
12
15
15
75
20
20
60
100
struggling start. Won easily. Winner, F. il. Taylor's b. g., by Bulwark-Sister to Violet
26 minutes. Time, 1:17^
At
F.9Q SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions •
UOU. purse $400. '
456 Highland, a 105 2
458 Realization, 6.... 102 3
619 All Over, 4 109 7
623 ißramettu, 3 89 I
(478) Me >*ac, 3 89 6
405 W. L. Munson, a. lOl 4
337 Claude Hill,;! 91 5
618 Heartsease, 3 98 left
Horse, age, weight. .
.....;..
:::::::
7
43
5 4
6h
lb
31 a
1 2
64
5 3
4 i/ a
7
2 1
%
Str. Fin.
23* IV s
13 2 4
3% 8 2
4y a 4 3
6 1/3 .54
7 6 4
6 7
J. Chorn
E. Jones
-MclUigU
Garner
Hewitt
H. Martin
PiKKOtt
Cochran
Jocteys.
3-2
4
4
8
5
10
SO
10
Betting.
Op. Cl.
7-5
9-2
7
10
4
60
40
20
I
1.. ;
Good start, except Heartsease. Won driving. Winner, B. Schreiber's b. m., by Colonel
in. ' Time. lilo*/2. ■
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
P To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Ingleside Track. ...
In races where the horses have 110 record at the distance to be ruu the records at the next n#*r««i;
distance are given. . "™",
Abbreviations— F.» fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong: .», about. -
FIRST BACK— Fifteen-sixteenths of a mile; selling;
Name.
I Best
record.
!Lbs,
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
492 !Montalvo ......
625 like L.
496 FI Fi
493 MissGarvin....
528 Pecksniff
630 jFcrtuna
6 Steadfast..,
519 C, ssie
(530) Highland
639 W. L. Munsoa..
633 Artist.. 1 ..
110 1:34
104 1: 2Va
1 101 1:29%
I 99 .1:423/4
1071 .
102 1:14
104]
! 1021 l:13y 3
illOil:16M8
'104 .. .....
111011:261/,
7 f
6V2 f
7 f
lm
ti"t","
102 II .
94 F...
93 V...
86 ,F...
»6 F.'.'.
119 ii'!
105 H .
iO2 F.I!
i.T. Cochran '.. I Bid-May Belle
City stable. : Wajor Ban-Miss Flush
E. Tierney I Hidulgo- Veracity
s. K. caups ( Fellowchann-.s a 'l Hampton
J. ML, Butler Zp. Mr. Pickwk-k-Henlopen
Kn-ino stable Imp. Brutus- Viola Rea
jJ. Madison j^obrante-Narcola
j\ViliiairiB<fc Moreh'eiHyder Ali-A ttractlon
B. bchreiber Got. Hepburn-Edna
P. Pbillips Sprinebok- Astoria
H. T. Orittln limp. Darebin-iiirondclle
51/2 j"
6f
j't'"
6ECOND
and a half miles-.
Index.
449 Monita
424 Orbit
532 'Foremost
473 Janus
(496) Root
463 Julia 0.... ......
Name.
| Beat
Lbs record. Dlst.
97 l:4iy 2 1 m
97
83 1:4914; 1 MSm
104,
98 2:36 jH/a m
96 2:48 llVgm I
104!
"M
F ..
iH..|
M. srliwartz.'
J. Brenock
A, B. Spreckels
|B. Schreiber
C I'nrker
|D. A. Honlg
Ist. Sa%-iour-Nighthawk
jOneko- Flotilla
I Flood-Imp. Queen Bess
iDnko Norfok-Klaine
limp. London-Cameo
i Outcast-Mai va X
Pedigree.
ibe!
I 86;
THIRD HACE- Three furlongs:
Best
record.
JTk.
Name.
Lbs!
I
1 Coupon .' I
\ Miss Howard, c.
Modestra. S
Bey del Tierra..
! Gordon
Msiry X .'..
'Lady Laurelw'd
; Tr re Blue
liiola .:...:.
limli-sidc ......
! Scarborough....
107J
110!
he::::::
!
....
:::
Del Mon'e stable...
K. C'orrigan
Cam bridge Btable. . .
Cambridge stable...
BL T. Griffln I
J. McEyor |
jLaurUw'rt'stkfarm.
Laurtlw'd st k farm.
A. /;.
v. Bchreiber
lAtkln & Lottridge. .!
; Imp. Martinhurt-My B»dKe
raiey-Mlss Howard g
j Prince of Norfolk-Kda.
Prince of Norfolk-Haidea.
jTromont-Blue 8011.
iLepaiito-i.eeswing.
Duke or Norfolk-S-eilson.
Duke of Norfolk-Carmen.
Imp. Cyrus-by Judge JlcK
ißishop-Amerique.
I El Kio Rey-Fousetta.
1
1
1'
It
II
i
........
|
i
i
•3
!
....
I
"l
....
....
110
110
!::::::::
....
1..-.I
....I
Index.
I Best
Lbs record.
j Dlst. LbsiTk. Owner.
I lVini 108F.. MrN'tiugtoii di Mulr
lm 103; H.. o. B. Morris* Co..
lm 119 F.. A. Bhtolda
7f 107! F.. 1 film wood s: ok farm;
I H/8 m 97fF..|Mokelumneatkfrmi
Pedigree.
502 i
(531)'
531 ;
485
458 1
'temper Lex !
'Jin >. Star Kuby '
1 i ■ !li
Sir Walter
, W'awona
1112:2:071/4,1
' i O9 1:443/ 4 !
1081 :401.3
90! 1:291/4 1
87|1:54V»i
Falaetto-La Sylphiae
Hampion-Ornam»nt
I Voltigeur-Pert
'Nathan Coorubs-Bessle
j Imp, Sir ModreU-Typboon
Index.
Name.
I Lbs
record.
1 Tk.
Pedigree.
533 !
618
622 !
622
689
409
622 j
Six
629 !
606 :
494
518
j->ODg i.a.ay .
Walter J. ;-...'
New M00n........
Canvasback ......
Heartsease..
,V:iiieate : I
("us; ant-He ...... i
I Pare* !
Day1ight......:... ■
Pearson ]
Spry Lark...
I Lizzie 11.. ......... I
;ll:13 *6 f
:56Vt 4i/af
no reel
iuo rec. !
|1:14%6 f
l:05i/i 5 f
',1:021,4 5 f
l:0H /4 5 f
I
iirb'a ' sir"
il:15 si/ a »
105 1f...
106 F...
ioi fV.!
113 11..
97 F...
103 11..
••••!•■••
101 F.'.'.
81. Fa.
Burns .tWaterhouse Major Ban-Decoy Duck
K. McUetmott limp. True Bntou-Lilile S
W. D. Hundall Illyder Ali-Numoula
|Z. Abrahams Fallowcharm-The Teal
J. C. Humphreys... Imp. Kyrle Daly-Extract
IX. 8. Hall |Jim Brown-Viola
j Laurel wood farm... Duke Xorfolk-Curmen
R. M. Klney Imp. Keene-(>rey Sail
A. I.. Spveckols Coloma-Laura D
B. Scbreiber Imp. Great Tom -Drift
• Mrs. .A. Murphy.... Fltzjames-Fabiola
iD. A. Houig | John Heury-Minnie Payne
on April started in to make his ride, and
momentarily showed in front of Mestor
once more. In the stretch the latter horse
took the lead again and won cleverly by a
length and a half. Adelante's rider was
unseated through the slipping of his
saddle after taking the last jump, but re
mounted and toot third money.
Pique left the maiden class in the open
ing five and a half furlong dash. Clara
Wilson ruled a 6 to 5 favorite in the bet
ting, but the Spreckels entry was in front
nearly tho entire distance and won by
three lengths from Little Jiminie. The
favorite was third.
Had Doggett on the 2 to 1 favorite,
George Miller, in the following event over
seven furlongs, huzced the rail in the
stretch more closely he might have scored.
Away iv front he led up to within a fur
long of the wire, where Cochran on the
second choice, Babe Murphy, slipped
through on the inside and won by half a
length. Gallant came fast through the
stretch, taking third place.
Backed from three down to 8 to 5 Alva
rado led all the way in the mile dash and
won by three parts of a length from Mo
derocio. Uncle Giles was an indifferent
third, with the second choice, Roma, bring
ing up in the rear.
Eleven started in a six-furlong dash that
was fifth on the card, tsligo, backed from
threes to 2 to 1, and Borea3 went to the
post equal choices in the betting. "When
the flag fell to a struggling start Piggott
sent Major Cook out to the front and was
never headed, winning by four lengths
from Boreas. Sligo was close third.
The last event was also a six-furlong
sprint. Barney Schreiber's mudlark,
Highland, was a decided favorite, 13 to 10
being the mare's closing odds. Realiza
tion showed prominently in the fore until
straightened away in the stretch, when
the favorite passed him and won cleverly
by a neck. All Over made a fine run
through the stretch, finishing third.
LADIES' DAY AT INGLESIDE.
The Fir3t Two-Year-Old Event of the Season
a Feature.
Following the usual custom at Ingleside
track this will be "ladies' day" at the new
course, the gate being free to the members
of the fair sex.
The programme arranged is an espe
cially good one, the first two-year-old race
of the year in this section of the country
being one of .the features. Among the
starters in this event is Rey Del Tierra, a
full brother to Rey Alfonso, who is said to
be even more speed y than that fast colt
was at the sarae" age. The track Is
muddy, and as Rey Alfonso was never
partial to heavy going, v raft of coin
may be lost on the youngster to-day, for
he is stronely tipped.
A handicap over a mile and a furlong,
with those good nerformers Lo?an, imp.
Star Ruby and Semper Lex among the
starters, will also be one of the attractions.
Huber's splendid band of soloists will
render a specially prepared musical pro
gramme and with. fine weather a large
attendance is expected.
Track and Paddock Items.
Earl Cochran won one race and lost an
other by coming through next the rail in
the stretch. In the second event he man
aged to squeeze through between George
Miller and the fence, and won, but when
he attempted the trick again in the follow
ing race with Moderocio, Garner, on Alva
rado, pulled over and shut him off.
At the last moment "Cad" Irish went
down the line on Rube Murphy, getting
as good j5.2% to 1 against Ezell'sniare.
Could Bergen have kept Little Jinuuie
nearer the front during the first part of
the running in the opening race of the clay,
he would have given Pique a hard argu
ment.
Heartsease was cranky as usual at the
post in the last event, and the field was
■dispatched without her.
Owner Sam Hildrethand his friends had
their coin down in big chunks on Cicero.
John C. Schulte, brother of the well
known turfman and president of the new
Louisville Jockey Club W. F. Schulte,
was an onlooker at the races yesterday.
Mr. Schulte is looking out for the interests
of the Southern club, whose stake entries
close to-day. Among the many rich
stakes to be run at the club's spring meet
ing, lasting from May 6 to 10, inclusive,
are the $<JOOO Kentucky derby, the $4000
Clark btakes and the rich Kentucky Oaks.
The two-year-old stakes of the California
JocKey Club, six in number, close with
Secretary Milroy to-day.
The entries for the stakes of the St.
Louis Fair Association close to-day.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Shaefor and Wells Have Gone South-
Olyrapic Election.
Charles S. Wells and his trainer, Dave
Shaefer, returned to San Diego last night
after a three days' stay here. They will
continue their efforts against the world's
records on the mile horse track there.
Snaefer's principal object In coming here
was to secure Otto Ziegler Jr. for his team.
Ziegler was willing to sign a contract, but
does not want to go into training immedi
ately. All other details were satisactory.
He feels the need of a rest now, after Ins
long season on the Eastern circuit. He
will probably ride on Shaefer's team, how
ever, in 1896, and miy have Tom Cooper,
Charles S. Wells and'W. A. Terrill as 'his
team mates.
The Bay City Wheelmen do not care to
join the Interclub Baseball League now
being proposed. President Kerrigan says
that it would dissipate the energies of the
members toward racing, and as they are
desirous of winning the annual relay he
does not feel that the members should
have anything to detract their attention
from it. The club is strictly a bicycle club
and will leave baseball to others.
The San Jose Road Club will hold a
smoker next Saturday night and a ten-mile
straightaway road race the following day
on the Monterey road. The members are
being trained for the relay.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a pro
gressive euchre party at the clubrooms
next Saturday evening, together with an
impromptu musical entertainment and
smoker.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen last even
ing elected the following officers: Charles
A. Adams, president; Charles J. Leighton,
vice-president; Horace V. Scott, secretary ;
George H. Stratton, treasurer; W. B. Faw
cett, capain; P. W. Fuller, J. F. McGlynn,
Thomas Spil lane, executive committee.
The wheelmen will attend the Olympic
Club's benelit next $londay n'ght in a.
body.
It will come as a great surprise to the
cyclists and dealers of this City to learn
that AVill Knippenberg has resigned his
position with the Syracuse people. No
cause is assigned and his future intentions
are unknown.
THE BROADSWORD CONTEST.
Ivsiu Malchiii Submits a New Challenge
to Sergeant Davis.
The following communication is self
explanatory :
Editor Call— Sir: In Saturday's issue of your
paper appears an answer from Sergeant Owen
Davis to the challenge for a broadsword con-
U-*t issued the prev.ous week by me for Ivan
Malchin.
lv the first place I wish to correct the lan
guage used by your reporter in the challenge,
in which I am made to say that I will match
my protege to "three mounted contests and
three contests on foot," when the words act
ually used by me were "to tight a contest of
three rounds mounted and three rouuds on
foot."
Sergeant Davis in his reply states that he
will fence-mounted or on foot for $500 a side,
Kiving the challenger choice of weapons and
rules to govern; the contest to consist of
twenty-nine attacks (in other words, points).
Now as this contest is to decide superiority
in the use of the broadsword, and inasmuch as
Sergeant Davis claims the championship
mounted, while my man has never yet fought
mounted but proclaims his prowess on foot, it
is obviously unfair to limit the contest to the
particular style of either one exclusively. We
will, however, agree to a contest consisting of
twenty-nine attacks mounted and twenty-nine
attacks dismounted, the man scoring the "great
est number of points in all to be declared the
winner for the purse and the championship of
the Pacific Coast, and will name Sunday, the
2(Jth prox.,at any place mutually agreed upon,
lor the contest.
If Sergeant Davis wishes to meet my man
fairly and squarely lie cannot reasonably de
cline these conditions and will please signify
his willingness through your columns.
Apologizing for taking up so much of your
valuable space, which in "my opinion is more
closely identified with the sporting interests of
the City than any of the other morning papers,
I am, respectfully yours, C. B. Bouu,
Manager for Ivan Malehin.
Conductor Bauer Retires.
By the advice of his physician, Dr. Nathan
Rogers, Adolph Bauer, the leader of the Tivoli
orchestra, will go Into letirement for a week
and the Chopin recital, announced to take
place at the St. Nicholas Hotel next Sunday, is
indefinitely postponed.
NEW TO-DAT.
1 COLUMBIA
\ —and— <
'HARTFORD }
} BICYCLES. \
V Columbia Blodcls; 40, 41, 42, 44, \
} $100. (
\ Columbia, Model 43, Tandems, \
■V* 3 1 O. • C :
\ Hartford Bieyeles]_sBo, $60, $50 \
y iflS"' Responsible. Agents wanted in •/.
t uuoccupied territory. ,V
V POPE HAIuScTCRWG CO., v
V7 :'» 344 Post St.', s: F., Cal. \
SLEEPWMT
Stop Insomnia Before It
Becomes a Habit.
NEGLECTED, SHABBILY TREATED
NERVES THE CAUSE.
Rev. Dr. Smith at Age of 86
Loses No More Sleep.
Unbroken Rest Natural to a
Fully Nourished Brain.
Paine's Celery Compound Has Never
Failed to Cure.
From childhood to old age health is very-
much a matter of sound, refreshing sieep.
No one can cfigest well, work well, feel
well or be well who is night after nignt de-
prived of good sleep. It is physically im-
possible for any brain to keep on providing
nervous energy unless the nights are de-
voted to nourishing its used-up parts.
Protracted sleeplessness, where no effort is
made to feed and calm the irritable nerv-
ous system, ends in nervous prostration
and insanity.
To-day there are far more neuralgic
headaches, far more rheumatism, sleepless-
ness and nervous prostration than during
the last generation.
To combat this growing evil, Prof. Ed-
ward E. Phelps, M.D., LL.D., of Dart-
mouth College, made nervous diseases his
special study. The fruitful outcome of his
long years of professional investigation
was Puine's celery compound. Difficult
nervous disorders that had persisted
despite long treatment yielded to it. Men
and women who had suffered for years
from brouen and unrefreshing sleep, from
headaches, rheumatism and neuralgia,
found that Paine's celery compound not
only speedily cured these troubles, but
that they worked better and felt more en-
couraged than had been possible to them
for years.
As a practical instance of what this re-
markable remedy is doing all over tne
country, the following from Dr. Win. A.
Smith, one of the best-known divines in
Southern New England, deserves careful
reading. Dr. Smitu is to-day 80 years of
age, yet enjoys better health than ever in
his life ana never loses a single good
night's sleep. He writes:
GROTON, Conn.
"Dear Sirs — In my early days, by great
and prolonged mental suffering, I broke
down in health and became a dyspeptic,
being obliged at one time to give up my
work in the ministry on account of ill
health. lam now Stf years of age, and
during my long life have suffered greatly
from dyspepsia, torpid liver, constipation
and insomnia, at times thinking that I
should die for want of balmy sleep, and it
is a wonder to me that I am alive to-day
with all that I have been through. lam a
wonder to myself and to those who witness
my habits and know my age. I tell them
that I try to obey the laws of nature, and
that I take Paine's celery compound when-
ever I need it.
"By the use of several bottles of Paine's
celery compound I have so far recovered
my health as to consider myself a well man
for my age. It regulates the liver, stomach
and bowels without any question. My
appetite is now good, my sleep is refresh-
ing, my liver active and bowels regular,
and my crutches not needed, as I can walk
without a staff. People are surprised at
my improved appearance and activity.
Gratefully yours, WM. A. SMITH."
Paine's celery compound does not stop
its restoring work till new, healthy tissues
have taken the place of the old, shattered
portions. There is not the deepest, most
minute portion of the body, whether it be
nerve or brain, or some vital organ, that
escapes the rejuvenating, strengthening
power of Paine's celery compound. In
cases of severe neuralgia, rheumatism,
heart palpitations, dyspepsia and nervous
feeblei ess, Paine's celery compound is the
only remedy that goes to the rout of the
trouble, fortifies the weakened system
a -ainst these disorders and builds" up a
strong, healthy Dody.
\^ iff . . Create *
iK , vFCa IC
ij^f^Sp New Life
i^Mi' . 'New Coura e
/ >^HI Rosy Cheeks.
SAVE DOCTOR AND DRUG BILLS.
TKI'K ECONOMY IN THE PUIS-
-.. CHASE OF A GOOD WHEEL, TO
SAY NOTHING OF THE COMFORT
AND PLEASURE IT AFFORDS.
THE WAVEKLEY HAS PLEASED
THOUSANDS. IT WILL PLEASE
YOU. .
Men's, three heights, $85. -
Ladies', $75 . . . . .~'"^-
AGENTS WANTED.
'- '•■'■ mmm " CATALOGUE FREE.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
: , J. 5. CONWELL, Menager,
18 and 20 McAllister St., S. F.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
trreat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great liestoratlve, Invigorator and Nervine.
Sells on its own Merits— no , long-winded testi-
monials necessary. ' ■ .
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE, Asrents,
333 Market tst., S. I 1 .— (Send for Circular.)
NEW TO-DAY.
fTn§ : N OLAN BROS.
; I fcl •■ SHOE CO. •
SECOND WEEK
OUR eOHSTER
CLEARANCE SALE
STORE CROWDED ALL TOE TIME.
EVERY OXE Wlfß BARGAIiVS,
AND THEY MOW ; WHERE TO GET
THEM
WHEN WE HAVE A
GLcAKANiiE: SALE
On some of our barjratn tables
Shoes are marked sOc that cost 554-.
WHEN WE HAVE A
CLEARANCE SALE
PRICES ARE NO OBJECT.
We Will Puton SalcThis Week
6000 pairs of X^dles'.. Extra Quality French Kid
Button, seamless foxed, kid or cloth tops, satin
tops, pointed toes aiKl narrow square toes, diamond
patent-leather tips, flexible soles; price $2 50 per
pair, regular price $5, but we want to close them
out.
WE WILL ALSO PUT ON SALB
4000 PAIRS OF
Our Well-Known Ladies' French Kid
LIFE-SAMG SHOES!
Narrow, square and pointed toes, patent-leather
tlpa, at S3 per pair. » -r  --;
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY WE WILL
ALSO PUT ON SALE 3000
PAIRS OF OUR
LADIES' LIFE-SAVIN'O SHOES, finest French
kid, seamless foxed, cloth or kid tops, hand-sewed
invisible cork coles, latest style toes, patent-leather
tips. These shoes are worth $6 v uair, but we will
close them out this- week at $i per pair. Every
lady should have a pair. Once wearing them, you
will wear no others, as the soles are thick and soft
and Keep the feet perfectly dry.
Send us your address on a postal card and we
will send you a souvenir and catalogue, showing
all the latest style shots and prices.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH
• STORES ON MARKET STREET.
DON'T BE MISLED BY MIS-
i LEADING SIGNS.
Mall orders will receive prompt at*
teution.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrdl St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
liong Distance Telephone 5527.
STEARNS
BICYCLES!
Marvel in Strength!
Beauty in Outline!
Perfect in Workmanship!
Unapproached in Finish!
STEARNS!
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street. '
DEYAXY, 110PMS & (0., City Agents.
IE w ■ rJLvTi "Til /"j-JH'-i'PE^f «4 f 3
THE gVVTTITZII^^g
a mount
1 FOR gggjjgL- -^^
S^==m 96
THE WHITE RIMMED HUMMER IS THE COMEH
HOOKER & CO.
Retail Store-No. 1640 Market Street.
Cyclery—Cor. Page and Stanyan Streets.
Wholesale Deo't- Drumm Street, S. F.
COAST AGENTS FOR
THESUCCESS_OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL 101
PfILAIIOTEL
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPENUMIL MIDNIGHT.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
Silver advanced.
Foreign financial quotations firmer.
Shipping Wheat easier. .
Barley. Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay weak but no lower.
Small White Beans higher.
New Rhubarb in the market.
Green Peas in better supply.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs lower.
Poultry dull and weak.
<..ime plentiful and lower.
Limes lower. Oranges dull.
Dried Fruit and Raisins In canoad lots lower.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides as before.
Small ties of Hops.
Turpentine advanced.
WEATHER BI'R-AU REPORT.
'Uxitkd Statks* I>l ■I'ASTStKST OF AOBICUIr
riRK, Wkauikk Bubrau, San Francisco, Jan
uary 14, 1896. 5 r - M.— Wea'.hor conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
»s compared with those of the same date last sea
«on: Eureka . last seuson 24.52; Red Bluff
6.88. last season 17.73; San Francisco •4.83,' last
season 16.12; Kr sno 1.15. liisl season 7.58; San
Luis Obispo 4.C0, last, season 10. 25 : Los Angeles
1.71. last teasbn 7.21: S;ui Diego 1.57, last season
3.54; Yuma .32, last season 2.21.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day : Eureka
, jced Bluff 54, San Francisco 58, Fresno 66,
Independence 56, San L:iis Obispo 62, Los Angeles
62. San Diego 60, Ytima7o.
San Francisco datn— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 50, mean 51.
An area of high pressure is moving from the
British possessions north of Montana and Idaho
southeastward, accompanied by snow and low
temperature. It will probab y canse very cold and
snowy weather over the plateau regions and east
n-ard. An area of lowpressure is apparently off
the rue : Coast, hut there are no means of locat
ing the exact position of th» storm center. Light
ralus have fallen along the Pacific Slope from Cen
tral California liOrfhwar'l, and snow at Roseburg.
Conditions continue favorable for showery and un
settled weather a.ong the I'acilic slope, with snows
inland.
'The temperature has fallen more than 20 degrees
In the past 24 hours over Montana, and has risen
over southern Idaho, Northern .Nevada ana
Northern Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
eDdins midnight January 15, 1596:
Northern California— 4 ontinued showery and un
settled weather; ■ stationary . temperature; fresh
southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Cloady and possibly lisht
rains in the northern portion; cooler in the north
ern portion; southerly winds.'-
Nevada— Cloudy weather and probably light
6now; cooler In northern portion.
T'tah— Cloudy weather and probably snow;
cooler.
Arizona— Fair; stationary temperature.
San Francisco and vicinity — Unsettled.weather,
with showers; cooler Wednesday and Wednesday
night; fresh southerly winds.
A. ilcAiiE, Local Forecast Oflicial.
NEW YOKK 31AKKETS.
Financial.
NEW YOP.K, N. V., Jan. 14.-H!gher prices
were the rule at the Stock Exchange during the
early trading. The improvement was due to the
better oUtlcal outlook abroad and the advauce In
American railway securities tn London which fol
lowed intimations that the Venezuelan dispute is
likely to be settled by arbitration after all. London
houses were the principal buyers at the opening '
and It was stated that the fortnightly settlement
there had developed the existence of heavy short
interest iv Americans.
The early advance was equal to 1 i@l"« P er cent
In the general run of stocks, while Metropolitan
Traction jumped from 102ij to 105. An unex
pected engagement of $1,100,000 gold for ex
port to Europe to-morrow i>y Lazard Freres -
rather upset the calculations of the bulls, and not
only induced realizations, but led to sales for the
short account. The pressure to Bell, however, was
of insinuiricant proportions, and the losses which
followed were confined to fractions except In a
few cases. Chicago Gas was depressed at onetime,
and fell from 66 Vi to 643 gon reports from Chicago
that the Common Council intended making a fresh
attack on the property.
, There was an unfounded rumor to the effect that
Attorney-General Moloney intended to decide
against the reorganization plan. Leather pre
ferred ran off about a point to 573/g on the lailure
of the directors to declare the dividend on the
stock to-day. It is understood that the directors
did not discuss the matter at all, and that the
meeting was held simply for the purpose of mak
ing certain changes iv the by-laws of the company.
In the last hour the market was dull ana about
steady in tone. Net changes show declines of 3- 8 @
"a per cent out of Chicago Gas, Rock Island, Jer
sey Central and Baltimore and Ohio, which gained
4<g,l' rer cent. In the inactive shares Cleve
land, Loralne and Yv heeling Dreferred brought 53
against 45 the last previously reported sale. Total
sales were only 15U.0U0 shares.
Railway and miscellaneous bonds were' higher.
Sales, $1,338,000. hicago and Erie lirsts rose 1
to 106 .4; Colorado oal and Iron sixes, SV-» to
100: Erie second consols stamped certificates, 3' t
to 70; lowa Central tirsfs, IV2 to 92; Kansas Pa- j
citic consols sixes certilicates, iy to 72>, >; Louis- i
ville ar.d NaahTille unified fours. l»i to 76; |
Michigan Central consol 1 sevens, 3 to 10ft;'North
ern Pacific consol fives, 1 to 34i.>: Northwest
debenture fives of 1909, 2to 105 ; People's Gas of
Chicago first consol sixes, 1 .2 to 99; Reading.gen
er&l fours, 3% to 87 1 -; Southern Kail way consol
fives, Ito 91: Texas PAcin'c Brats, 1 to b5.
In Government bonds ■ $1500 coupon fours of
1907 brought 110, and $1000 registered fours of
1907 1093;. . . , - . , •
Grain.
Fl.Ol'R— Dull. Barley, steady. Winter wheat,
low grades. $:! 25@2 65; do fair to fancy, $2 Gs@
S 80: do patents, $34S®S7B: Minnesota clear.
f2 50@3 10; do raits. $3@3 35; do patents, 9 3 15
(ai IU: low extras. $2 25&2 65; City Mills. $3 90
@4: do patents, S4@4 25. Rye mixture. $'i 10®
20: superfine, $'2(gi'£ 20. Southern flour—
common to fair extras, $2 10(5.2 80; good to choice
do, $2 90(5.3. . Rye flour— Quiet; f'2 40&2 85.
Buckwheat flour. $1 -.'5(0,1 30.
BUCKWHEAT-38V2C
CORNMEAL—Quiet; yellow Western, S2 25©
2 30: Brandy wine, $2 -o.
RYE— Nominaf.
BARLKY— Nominal: No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, 39@40c.
BARLEY MALl— Nominal.
WHEAT— JJuII, firmer. No. 2 red. store and
elevator, 6H.'<ij6K l atioa;, 6934 c; f. o. b., 70i'
£71 %C 4 ungraded red, 64@72c; No. 1 northern,
■
Options dnll and firm at >4@S^c advance, follow
ing the West and on local covering. May most ac
tive. No. 2 red. January, 671/2 cl February, 6814 c;
March, 69c; May, 663/4 c: June and July, 66i/ B e.
CORN— Fairly active, firmer. No. 2, '^:35c,
elevator: 35%(^>3dc afloat. .. v-.
Options were dull and firm at s fa.^^c advance
on local covering and following the West. May
only traded in. January and February, 35c; May.
34 %c.
OATS-Quiet. steady. Options dull, firmer. Jan
uary and February, 23y 8 c: May. 241,4 c. Spot
prices: No. 2, 24c; No. 2 white. 25V2C: No. 2
Chicago, 25c: No.- '■<. 24i/fec; No. a ; white.
23V4c: mixed Western, 24@2sc; white State and
Western, 25@28c
FBKP BRAN— fiof£62i^c. «
M I DDLINGS-65W70C.'
RYE— Feed, 60@65c.
Provisions.
BEEF— DuU, unchanged. Beef hams, Inactive.
Tierced beef, quiet; city extra-India mers, $15 5 n
@16: cut meatß, firm: pickled bellies, $5; do
Bhoulders, 4y 2 c; do hams, B@.BVic: middles, nor- ;
inai; ■■■'•.' • I
LARD — Firmer. Western Rteam, $5 75;
city, $5 25@5 30: January, $5 70; refined,
quiet: Continent. $6 05; south America, $6 35;
compound, $4 7'i'g,:,.
* PORK— Qutet, steady. Mess. 10@6 15.
BCTTJCB - Moderate demand, imvitled. State
dairy, 12@21c; do creamery, 18($'22i/>c; Western
dairy. ll(g)17c: do creamery, 185,24c:"q0 June. 16
@|213/fec; do factory. 9y 2 @l7c; Elgins, 24c; iml
tation creamery, 14@19c: rolls. 9((ilt;c.
CHEESE— Firm, fair demand. State large, 714 ;
(SilOc; do fancy. 10c; do small, 7 / 4<SIOV : >c;
Western small, 6V4@10»4c: part skims, 3Vi@7c;
full skims, *J(<ji3c. ~ {
BOOH— Larce receipt's, unsettled. State and Penn
*ylvania, 17@18i/2C'; Southern, 16@17c; icehouse,
].');a,ltic: do. per case, $ 2 50@3 50; Western fresh,
17_@17V2<:
. TALLOW— Steady. City, 3%c; country, 3%@
4VbC.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet easy. Crude. 24@
24Vbc; yellow, prime, 28@J8J,4c;do, off grade, 27Vi
©S7V2C.
ro>lN— Dull, weak. Strained, common to eood,
81 60® 1 6'j:.». ■•.-.. fc .
TURPENTINE-Firm, 32©32y,c ■•■ ,~ .- r- i
POTATOES — Choice arm. Jersey, 50@85c;
Northern New Y0rk,50(5,90c: State Rose, 70®90<:;
louk Island, 85c@91; Bermuda, S2rd6; Maiue.
$1 10®l 75: Sweets, $2@4 75.
RlCE— Fairly active. Domestic fair extra, 3(&
53,4 c; Japan, 33,1^40.
.MOLASSES — E'airdemand. New Orleans open
kettle, good to choice, 27@37c. '
.COFFEE- Dull, 5 points down to 6 points up.
March, $13 25; May, .sl2 85<&12 90- Sen
tember, $12 05(3,12 15. Spot Rio, dull, Bteadv'
No. 7, 14c. .
SUGAR — Raw, dull; fair refining, 3(ai3s/ H c
centrifugal, 96 test, 334 c. Refined, dull :
No. 0, 43/ 8 c: No. 7 and No. 8, 5 l-16c; No 10*
4V 8 c; No. 11,4 c: No. 12, 3 15-16: No. 13 87 e•'
eft A, 4V @4.V c: mold A, si. c: standard a!
4%c; confectioners' A, 4 .c; cut loaf and
crushed, 6V>c; powdered and cubes, fji/gc: cran
ulated, jti <a,oc. /B h
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS— Apricots— lOVi
@>12c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 15c: unpeeiea, 6Si®B'<>c.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 6V*c • z
RAISINS— London layers. 85c@$l 25; do
4-crown loose Muscatel, 4@sc; do 3-crown, 3(qj
6V2C
ALMONDS — Paper- shell, lie; do, soft-shell,
9@9V2C.
WALNUTS— Standard, 6y (g<7c; 00 soft-shell,
Bi/i(aloc. - - . • ■ >
HOPS— Dull, weak; State, common to choice, 3
@9c: Pacific Coast, 3y 2 @9c London market un
changed.
WOOL— Moderatedemand, firm: domestic fleece, .
-16@2"c; pulled, 15ig,34c: Texas, 9@l3c.
I 3l«rchandise. [
PIG IRON— Quiet; American, $ll'<ai4,
COPPER— Quiet; Lake. $9 80(29 90. i|
i-E-AD— Quiet: domestic, $3. •
TlN— Dull; biraits, $13 10; plates dull.
I ariiILTEK-Nomiiial; domestic. 84. L ': I.: ,
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, In-, Jan. 14.— wheat market j
was absolutely devoid of incident even of minor j
importance this morning, the complaint of no busl- ]
ness being beard on all sides. News was a scarce
article, the ollicial statement of the world's ship- |
ments (and that was incomplete owing to a Kus- j
sian holiday) being the only item oflnformation |
not classed as routing, received. The shipments
mentioned amounted to 5.680,000 bushels, with j
Russia estimated at 1.200,000 bushels. They were j
less than anticipated and furnished the strength |
which governea transactions. Receipts at the i
Northwest, were 410 cars, against 41-1 last Tues
day and 156 a year ago. Local inspections from
store were 75,683 bushels and 250,000 bushels
cleared at the seaboard. Liverpool cables were
quiet and steady. Closing Continental market :
quotations were' lower. Hradstreefs report of the
world's visitlo< supply was received at noon and
caused a slicht decline in prices, the decrease—
1.965,000 bushels— not beinsr as large as expected.
Shorts aispiayed some energy in covering after the
noon hour, prices recovering on the demand and
closia}: at about the outside. May wheat opened
from 63i/ 8 c to 53Vb(jj>!>9i/ic. sold between 68% c I
and 59»j J (<559 1 /2C. I ck»mgat 595/3 C, 3/ 8 c bieherthan
yesterday. Estimated receipts for tomorrow 65
cars.
coun— Quotations in corn changed at short in
tervals this morning, the apathy being equal to
If not greater than that which existed in wheat,
rendering impossible anything but the most indif- i
fereni action. The large receipts this morning, 334
cars, were discouraging to holders, but did not in- ;
ll uence short sellers particularly. Withdrawals
from store were li<ht at 27,665 busheis and 303,
--592 bushels cleared at the seaboard. Liverpool
cables were quiet and Vid lower. Bradstreet's an
nounoed an Increase in stocks of 434.000 bushels.
May corn opened at 28i±c, sold at 28(5)281,40 and
"S^gc, closing at the outside, s/ c*hisher than yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 420 cars.
OATS— Stagnation was the most noticeable char
acteristic of the oats trade. For two hours after
the opening there was not the slightest alteration
in prices and later only moderate fluctuations oc
curred. Receipts were 361 cars. No oats were
taken from store. Bradstreet's reports un increase j
in stocks of 34,000 bushels. May oats closed 1,4(0) I
3/sO higher thun yesterday.. Estimated receipts lor j
to-morrow 175 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 93<gS4c; May, 97y 3 c. 1
Receipts were 20 cars. . . : V
PROVISIONS—Buyers discovered a gleam of
hope in product this morning in tbe light run 01
hoes at the yards. Prices at that place were
higher, and provisions received the benetH of that
circumstance, but receded through sympathy with
grain, which had then lost its opening strength.
Later a full recovery took place, the close being at
almost, the best ligures of the day. May pork
closed 15c higher: May lard 5(0,7 V3C higher, and
May ribs 10c higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 66r. c; May, 695/ c; Jnly,
593/iC. ■; ■■-,■. '■■■: - .-
CORN— January, 26; May, 28^fec: July, 29y c.
January. 17y c; May. 19.V 8 ©1934 c.
PORK— January, 99 37 y 2 : May, $9 67y 2
LAUD— January, *S 37V-.; May. $5 70.
Xl Bs— January, $4 60: May. $4 S7y .
MONEY— 6 per cent on call and 6@7 per
cent on time loans. New York eichaugo sold at
Sog,9oc premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111., Jan. 14.— The
receipts of cattle to-day were about an average for
Tuesday. Trading was fair at steady prices. Light
receipts of hOKs and active buying caused an ad- j
vance of 5c per hundred pounds In that market. !
The sheep market was quiet. The arrivals were j
light. SgVjS
CATTLE— Receipts, 5500. Common to extra 1
steers, $3 26#4 85: stockers and feeders, $2 50(g>
3 75: cows and bulls, SI 70®3 £.0; calves, $3
(36 60; Texans, $2 35@4 15.
HOGS— Receipts, 2L.U00. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 65@3 85: common to choice !
mixed, ?3 60@3 85: choice assorted, $3 80@
3 85; lleht. $3 Go@3 82y«; pigs, $2 K5(5,3 85.
SHKEP— 13.000. Inferior to choice, ■
?2 26@3 65; lambs, $8 25@4 80.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at S@7? ': last loan at 3%
and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile pa- <
per, 6(a7' c . Bar silver, 67i*iC. Mexican dol- '
lars, 62% c. Sterling exchange is steady, with
actual business In cankers' bills at 54 87y @4 6734
for ■ sixty aays ana 54 89@4 89Vi for demand.
Posted fat«"=. $4 BS@4 X9l/2. Commercial bills,
S4 stji.,(ni BSV4. Government bonds linn; State !
bonds 5ull; raiiroaa bonds linn. fciiver at the
board was quiet.
CLOSISO STOCKS.
Am Tel Cable.... 84V 2 Norfolk «fc Wes"... 3V2
Atchlson 141/2 ; Preferred 6i/ 3 .
Preferred 22 North American.., 4s /S
Adams Express... 146 Northern Puculc. 3
Alton.Terre Haute. 57 . | Preferred lH/ 2 i
American Express.lll [Nortnwestern 98s/ ;
American Tobacco. 8i» ' I'referred 1421.,
Preferred 102 |N. Y. Central 97
Bay State Gas 19 N. Y. Chica«sO&S.l, . \Z
Baitirr.ore <ss Ohio.. 42 Ist preferred 68
BrunswicK Lands.. 1/2 i!d preferred 24
Buffalo, Koch ir. 10 N. Y. N. H 180 ,
Canada Pitellic.... 54 jN. Y. <t New Ens. 45*4
Canada Southern.. 49 N. Y. Susq dt W... 9i/
Canton Land 60% l'referred 243 /4 j
Central 1 Pacific... 14;<4 Ontario. .., 7:< j
'■ Ches. <fc Ohio liii 8 Ohtario Western. 13Vi, j
! Chicago Alton 153 Urtgon linprovmt. 21,0
Preierrea 170 | Preferred
Chicago, 8.&Q.... 75y 2 Oregon Navigation. 15
Chicago &E. 111... Ciregon short Ltn«. 5
I'referred 95 | Pacific M»u 26
Chicago was 65 Peona. D.<fc Evans. 23^
Cleve & Pittsburg.lsß Pittsburg <S W pfd. 17
Consolidation Coal. 29. • Pullman Pa1ace... 154
Consolidated Ga5, .147 Quicksilver l\/
C. C. C. <S: St. Louii 35y 2 i Preferred 14
Preferreu 87 Reading 8
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 27 RloGrande 13y
Preferred 100 ! Preferred 41
Cotton Oil Cert 17 Rock Island H<S 6
Commercial Cable. 145 RomeWat<fcOgdenll6
Del. Hudson.. 125 WSt. L. <fc 8. W.. ..... 4y 2
Del.LaekiWeßternlHli/ 1 Preferred 10
DenveriKß.U 12Vi St. Paul 65*
Preterrea 43y 2 | Preferred 136
Distillers 16i/ 2 jst. Paul,<& Duluth. 22
General Electric... 2« j Preferred 85
Erie 15 Bt. Paul & Omabv. 3«y '
Preferred 23i/ 2 Preferred 120y 3
Fort Wayne 160 St. P. Al. <fe M 112
GreatNorthernpia.llo Ueruncat.... 6714 I
Green V 2 Southern Pacitic. 21
Harlem 280 boutnern A. X 9y 8 !
Hocking Coal ■ 2 | Preferreo. 27V 3
Hocking Valley... 17 -Sugar Refinery... .losl,4 I
HomestaKe 28 | Preferred 563.i
H. <fc Texas Cent.. ly a Term. Coal <fc Iron, 27
Illinois Central.... 93 1 Preferred 100
lowaCeutral 8 'Texas Pacific 7%' a
Preferred. ToI.A.A.A. N.aiicn.
Kansas & Texas.. 10:s. Tol. <£ Ohio Cen.... 34
Preferred 24^ Preferred 65
Kingston & Pern... 3 Tol.St. Louis K.G. 6
Lake Erie Westn I»'' Preferred 14
Preferred 70 v» Union Pacific 3V2
L»*e Shore 143" U. P.. Den. & Gult 3
National Lead 25 V .S. Cordage f>% I
Preferred 85 j Preferred 10%
Longlslana 8t Guaranteed 21
Louisville <fe Nash. 44%' U. S. Express 38
Louisville Na& Ch. By a U. S. Leather 9
Preferred 19»4; Preferred 575/s
Manhattan Consol. 973 /4 U. S. Rubber 28 j
Mempnis Charls. 19 j Preferred 85
Mexican Central... m^L'tlca <fc B. River. .l6o
Michigan Central., 9ni, 2 - VVab. S. L. & Pac. 6 7 i
Wlnnitf*. L — I Preferred 161/8 ',
Preferred. — iWells-Fareo 95
Minn. <fc St. Lcom. 18y Western Union.... 83y
letpreferred 73 iWisCentra. 3y 2 I
2d preferred...... 43 iWheeltn,? AL. E.. 11 I
Ulbhourl Pacific.. 25y 8 l Preferred 361/g
3Jol>ile<fe Ohio 24 j Am Cotton Oil pfd. ti4% j
. Nashville Chatt.... 66 \V U Beer 7Va 1
j National Linseed.. l!i L I Traction.. , 16V2
N. J. Central S9y 2 Ann Arbor
rni'isa wixiw.
U S4s. Tfe iOBi/ 2 T2ds f59V!i
Do, 4s coupon. ..109 i Do, 4s . BH7,f
I' 84s new rcg. 115 Mutual Union 65.. .115 I
Do, 4a coupon... 1163/gN J Cent Gen 85...114
Do. 2s 96 j Northern Pao lsta. 114
Do, 6s 112y : Do, 2ds.. 101
Do. Bs c0up0n... .112i/ 2 ! Do, 3Cls. ', 67
Cberoke«4s. 1896.100 ' Nortcwest Con3Ola.l4Oy
Do, 1897 100 ! Do.debOs 107
Do. 1898 100 OR «feN lsta. . 106
Do. 3899 lUO SiL&lronMtGen 79
I Pacific 6s of '95.... St L <fe 8 Oen 65.10 iy 2 i
I>. C. 3-6 Bs 110 :St Paul Consols . .123 ;
Ala Class A 4 109 St. P. C. <fe Pa lsts. 112
Do. Class 84, 55.108y Do. I'ac Cal ists.,loß
LaCoiisol4s 96 i Southern R. R. 6s. 91
Missouri funding.. — - Texas P«ci lie firats 85
N Carolina con 65.. 120 I Texas Pac seconds. 20V3
X>o, «s 103 ; UnionPaclßtof'eß.lo3
So Carolina 4V»5... 104 |\Ve« Shore 4s. 105
Tennnewas.. 80 iMobile <t Ohio 4a.. 651/2
I Va funding debt... 6B |r GranaeWest 74
f 0 ' Te t; Ches&Oss 1063/g
Do, deferred 65... si/ Atchison 4» 73V*
Do. trust rcpts st ' 5Vs Do. 2ds A......... 23 j
Canada South 2d5..101 G H <fe SA 6s 104
Den Pac lst» of '9s 10014; Do, 2d 7s. . 100
Den&RGlst 11l H&Tex Centßg.,lo7
Do. 4s 85 I &o.con6s 104
Erla2ds 70 Refidin? 4s 76
Kansas J'a Consols 71 Missouri 64..,,,, ,. 100
Ks Pa las Den dlv-106%
FORKIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN MVKKPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., Jan. 14.— 'i he spot market
is quiet at 6s 6d. Cargoes are dull at 28s arrived.
I KI.'TUHES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 5s 4d; February, 5s 41,4 d; March, 6s 5d •
April, sssVid; May. 5s 5y 2 d. s
SKCUBITIKS. „■'"
LONDON", Kno., Jan. Consols, 106%; sli
ver, 305/ 8 1; French Rentes, lOlf 36c.
EXCHANGE AND BULIiION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days i. — $ 4 88
Sterling Excnange, sight.. — 4 89
sterling Cables. 91 89V a |
New .York Exchange, 5ight.........' — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
line Silver, "ft ounce — 67i/a i
Mexican Dollars B3Vi 63 '/a 1
♦
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT- The Cane York takes for Cork, 73,125
ctls, valued at 576.781.
Choice milling is firmly held for full figures, but
shipping grades are quoted rather easier. Trade is
quiet. No. 1 is quotable at $1 05©l 06V* ¥* ctl;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
choice. $1 07%@l OS-^i; lower grades, 90c@
$1 02y 2 ; extra clfoice for milling, $1 15@1 18^4.
CAM- BOARD SALI--.S.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — May — 100
tons. $1 0734. .
Kk(.ii.\k Motinino Skssion— May— loo tons,
$1 07%: 400, $1 08: 1000. 91 08l/ 8 .
Aftkkmiox Skssion — May— 2oo tons, $1 08;
600, §1 07"g; 800, $1 073/ ; 2200. $1 07S/(,c. .
BARLEY — No change whatever, on account of
tho rain or otherwise. Feed, 683i(a>70c; choice,
711/4 C; Brewina:, 75@82y c; Chevalier. $1 10@l 20
for i\o. 1 and 75r(a)$l %* ctt for off grade.
CALL BOAKD SALES.
Informal SESSiasr— lo o'clock— loo tons,
70c; 100. 701 ie: 200, 70i/ c.
Reoii.ar MOKXnra Hkssion— loo tons,
703/gc: 300, 701/ic. '
Akt-rxoox sksston— May— soo tons. 70^c.
I — Inactive at prevlons prices. Millinz, 75
(n,H!>c V ctl : fancy Feed, 86@90c; good to choice,
75@85c; common to fair, 6O(oj70c; Gray,. 77y @
85c; Red, for seed, $l<ai 10; Black, for seed. $1 it)
@1 30: ditto for feed. 75@85c; Surprise, 95c@$l.
CORN— Nothing golnsr on at the moment. Large
Yellow. 87i /v .te9oc; Small Round do, 87y @90c;
White, 82y,(0j85c V ctl.
RYK— at 75«t80c ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 85c@$l ctl, ac
cording to quality.
FIOIK AM> MILIiSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash . prices are: Family extras,
$3 55@3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 45©3 55; super
line, $•.! 40@2 50 fl bbl. .
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, ?19 50@20 "#
ton: Crocked corn, $20 ~$ ton. •
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Craharu Flour,
23.4 c; ye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour. 7'«e; Corn-
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, Oatmeal,
33/ic: Oat Groats. 4^c: Uomiuy, 4(g"4Vsjc; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c: Farina,
4y 2 c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4i/»c;
Peurl Barley, 4Vi@4y2c; Split Peas, 4^ic; Green
do,6Vkc^tt>, ;-;
HAY AND FEKDSTCFFS.
BRAN— ?I3 50@14 ton, jobbing rates. . ,
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
$20 50 ~$ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 ton:
' Oilcake Meal at the mill, 521 %i ton; jobbing,
S2VJSO: Cottonseed Oilcake, 821. . '■'.:,.,
■ -11 A Y— Tne ruin was not heavy enough to depress
prices, which remain unchanged, though the.
market Is weak. Wheat is quotable at $8(g;12 50
'•£> ton; Oat, B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat, $7 50®
1160 f» ton; Barley, $7(g)9 50; Alfalfa, $6roi9-.
Clover. $6@B; Compressed, $7 60@ll; Stock, $6(g>
7 50 %* ton.
KTKAW-35@60c -& bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-An advance In Small Whites, which
are in demand, was the only change. Otherwise
there is 110 particular activity. Bayos quotable at
$I@l 15 S ctl: Small Whites; $1 25@1 60 f\
ctl; Pea, $1 60fg}l 65: Large Whites, $1 15@125;
Pink, 90c@$l 12V : Reds, $1 35(0.1 40: Blackeye,
$175(0.185; Red Kidney, SI 75@1 90; Lim'as,
$iS 50(a,2 75; iUHters, $1 60@l 70 %4 ctl. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard quotable at $1 95@205:
Trieste, ?2@2 *^0; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60;
Flax, $1 70@l 75; Canary, 3i>4@3V&c ~$ 8>; Al
falfa 6yi@6y 2 c 3 ib; Rape, l»4@2c "f» lb; Hemp,
4c i* lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal at $1 25@1 50 i» ctl for
Niles, $1 20@l 30 lor Blackeye aud $1 25@1 67
for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Sweets are lower under larger
arrivals. Volunteer New Potatoes are quotable
I at iy @13yic 3 lt>; Sweets, $1 25@2 1* ctl for
i Rivers and $2@2 15 ctl for Merced; Sa
j linasßurbanks, 60(g;90c ¥, ctl: River Burbanks, 25
I @35c %i sack: Oregon Burbanks, 40@70c; River
1 Reds, 50@60c 'f» ctl.
ONlONS— Quoted atßs@9sc ctl; Cut Onions,
65(aJ75c *$ ctl.
. VEGETABLES— New Rhubarb, the first of the
season, is in from San Lorenzo and is held at 10c f*
lt>. Peas' are in larger supply and dull. Mushrooms,
6@lsc fi lb: Dried Peppers, 6@loc; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, 75c@$l: V box: Green Peas. 4@6c;
i String Beans. ; Dried Okra. 12y>c; Cabbage,
; 40@30c %* ctl; Garlic, 4@sc tb; Marrowfat
Squash, $20 %» ton.
FOt'LTKY AND GAME.
FOCLTRY— The ; demand is poor and stock
moves off slowly at easy prices.
Live Turkeys, 10@llc 3 lb for Gobblers and lie
j for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 12@13c lb; Geese,
j V pair, $1 50@l 75: Ducks, ?5@7; Hens, ?4@
5: iloosters, young, $4 Mlig.s 50: do, old, $4@4 50;
Fryers, $4 50; Broilers. $4@4 50 for large and
if3(ii3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50(g,2 fi dozen for
' young and $l(g,l 25 for old.
I ■ GAME— legal season for selling closes to
day. Yesterdays market was largely overstocked
; and dull at lower prices. Quail . are quotable
I at 75c(g.$l ■$ doz; Mallard, $2 50@3; Canvasback,
! $2@5; Sprig, ?1 25; Teal, 75c(a)$l: Widgeon,
76c@»l; Small Duck, 60(ai75c; Hure, 7bc@sl ;
■ Kabbits, 51 25 "$ doz for Cottontails and 75c<a.$l
for smiill: Gray Geese, $2; White Geese, 75c(a>
. $1: Braut, $I@l 25; Honkers, $2 60@3; EnglisU
I Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe; $1.
BUTTEB, CHEESE AND EGGS. .
BUTTER— The market showed no change what
ever. . '■•;;/:/
Cbeamery— Fancy, 27@28c; ' seconds, 25@26c
■&Tb.
Dairy— Fancy. 25@26c; good to choice, 221/2®
24c ; lower grades, 18@22c.
CHEESE— mild new, ll@liy c; special
: marks higher still; common to good, B@loc fi lb:
Cream Cheddar. ll(^12c; Young America, Il@l2c;
Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12@13c W lb.
EGGS— There was another slight, decline yester
day. Fancy Eastern, 23@24c; good to choice East
ern, 22(£22y 3 c; seconds. 20@21c: store Eggs, 20®
1 22Vsc; ranch Eggs, 23@26c '?■ do/., the latter figure
; extreme.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FKUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— A car of Siskiyou An;:'.*
is offering at 51@1 75 box. outside figure for
I fancy Spnzenbergs. Persimmons, 40@75c fi box;
Apples, 75c@51 for good to choice, 60@65c for
common to fuir and 51 26 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Limes are weaker again.
California Oranges, $i 25@1 75 for Seedlings and
j 51 50@2 50 for- Navels; Japanese Mandarins,
i $1 25(5;1 40 ¥ box; Lemons, 51@1 50 for common
i and ¥2Q)2 50 for good to choice: California Limes,
76c box: Mexican Limes, $5 60(a 6: Bananas, if 1
j (g,'2 %t bunch; Pineapples, 52 (n,5 '[». dozen.
DRIED IKUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prices for both Dried Fruits
! and Raisins in carload lots are lower. Jobbing
I prices remain undisturbed. The following prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y 2 @3c "$ Tt> for quar
tered, 3@3y 2 c V lb for sliced and 4V±c "$ lb for
evaporated; Peaches, 3y @4c fi lb and 6V2@6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, (Va®
BV3C for prime to choice, 9VSjC for fancy and lU(g> I
1 lie "# Tb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, blac'tc. 2@2 ] jC
for unpressed; White Figs, 2 (aHc in sacks; Pears,
7c ft It) for evaporated halves, 4@:6VaC 'I* r>> for
: quarters; Plums, 4c %^ lb for pitted and iy>@
2V 2 e for unpitted ; Nectarines, s@6c %l lb for prime
to choice and 6V2 for fancy.
JoiiuiNG Price*— Apples, 4@4i/ c; Peaches, 3@
4c and 5c for fancy; peeled, in hoxes, 10@12y 3 c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c t> lb for 4<>^sU'.<i
I and 5c for 50@60's; Apricots. 6<5,9y 2 c for prime to
choice and lo@llc for fitney Moorpark; Figs,
; black, 134@2y.>c: White Figa, 3@sc; Pears, 6V2C
' for evaporated halves and 3@5y 2 c for quarters;
; Plums. 3V2C tor pitted and l@U/ 2 c lor unpitted:
Nectarines, 4(asc <£ lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
1 London layers, 85@90c^box; four-crown, loose,
! 3 S /J,c f* lb; three-crown, ioose, 21.4 c; two-crown,
j 'Jc: seedless Sultanas. 4 (ai4c; seedless Muscatels,
2 1 /2@'- , c; three-crown i.bndon layers, 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters, $2 10@2 25;
Imperiul clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2y c
f4 11). - ; * '■■:-.
- Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2Vi@2V 2 c; 2-crown, l»/i@2c; Seedless Sul
j tanns, 33/ @4c: Seedless Muscatels, 2y»c; 3-crown
j lioudon layers. 85c@$l; clusters, $1 40@l 60;
j Dehesa clusters, 52 25; Imperial clusters, lp2 75:
' Dried Grapes, 2y>c.
•NUTS-Chestnuts, 6@Bc "& lb; Walnuts, 7(SBc
1 ?, lb for No. 1 hard and 9@9i/2 for softshell, fob
! bing lots; Almonds, 6@7Y2 C lor Languedoc and
I Bi/2@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 3y @
4c f lb for California; Hickory nuts, s(<b6c;
; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
■ 8&9 c: Brazil Nuts, 7y @Bc "& lb; cocoanuts,
54 50(0.5 100. :■:---■.:.}.:. ■ ■
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c ■& lh for
bright and B(g,9c t* lb for lower grades; wat«r
whlte extracted, s@sy %( lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4y 1 @43 / ic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX-24@1:7c '$ lb. . ,
PROVISIONS.
CURED Quotations show no change.
I Bacon is quotable at 6c t» lb for • heavy, 7c "$
i lb for light medium, 9c # lb for light. 10c 1? tb
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, liy 2 e V> H>; California Hams,
I 10c; Mess Beef, $7 %* bbl: extra mess do, 58: fam
ily do, $9@9 50: extra prime Pork, 58 "tf bbl; ex
tra riear. f*bbl; mess. $13 bbl; Smoked
Beef, 91/2<£lOC '0 lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is quotable. Nt 6c IS
lb for compound and 7y 2 c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6V a c for compound, and 6r for pure:
half-bbls, 6 Vic; 10- tins, 7c; do slb, 7@7iAc tb.
COTTOLENE— 7c In tierces and 7%c tt> in 10-
Ib tins. ii'" VJ ; ;. i ' r • • y
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers,
7c ~& lb; culls and brands, 6c;me'dlum, 6c: culls and
brands. sc: light. sc; culls and brands, 4e- Cow
hides. o@sy c; culls and brands, 4@4y salted
Kip, 5c JR lb; salted Calf, Bc"^ lb; salted Veal
6c: dry Hides, JO@llc %i lb; culls and brands. 7<a
7V^c; -dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 6y c; dry Calf,
I 15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc;
i ' Deerskins, good summer, 25Ca;30c; medium. 15®
I 25c; winter, 10@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
i 20c each; short wool, 30@40c each; medium, 40
@50c each : long wool, 60@70c each. Cull* of all
kinds, about i/oc less. i . ■- -
TALLOW— No. 1," rendered, / i@4c; No. 2, 3@
3Vic; refined, 5»4.c; Grease, 2V«iC %i lb. ,
1 WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Humboldt and
: Mendocino, 7(S(9o; San Joaquin and southern, 3@
j 6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c '$ lb.
Nominal, at 4@6c %* Ib. Small sales of
fair to good at 4 /2'015c are reported. There are
about 50,000 or 60,000 hales remaining on the
Co33t. ■ •
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— The Altalr, npw on the way to this port
from Calcutta, brings the largest cargo of Bags
ever made in one shipment to this Coast. It in
cludes 9,000,000 Bags besides a quantity of jute
and cloth. Calcutta Grain Buss. June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 15: Wool Bags, 24@26c.
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $B'?*.ton;
New Welllnttton. 98 t* ton; Southfield Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle. $5@5 50: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5; Wallsend, 56 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo,
•7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, : cannel.?B: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and 12 60 >i ton in sacks. ; I-'
TURPENTINE— higher at, 50c "$ gallon.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Herinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
und Fine Crushed all sVsc; Dry Granulated,- sc;
Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 43/gc; Extra
<', 4 V£c; (Solden C, '4y»c; half-barrels, ' Vi a more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more. •
sYHUP— in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
%* gal. . ■ .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKKF— quality. 5y 2 @6c; second quality,
*y2@sc; third do, «icAc. V" lb.
VKAL— Large, s®Qc; small, 6©7 c 3 Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6to6y-.c: Ewes, 6c ?t tb.
. LAMB— Sprinp Lamb, 12V : »c; yearlings, 7c lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 33/s®3%c for large and 3Vi
@33g« for small; dressed do", 4y 2 ®5y 3 c %i lb.
EECJEIPTS OP INTERIOR I'RODUCE.
FOR 21 lI'U'RS.
Flour, ar. 5ka....;. 2, i 7O Hides, n0.......... 1,464
Oregon 2,436 Pelts, bd15..... 360
Wheat, ctls 82.925 Wine, gals. 40 100
Oregon 4,950 Butter, ctls 224
Barley, ctls Cheese, ctls 24
Oats, ctls 350 Eggs. doz 29,430
Oregon 650 Lumber. M feet... 10
Potatoes, eks. 2,748! Leather, rolls l 202
Oregon 182JPaper, reams .. 2,360
Bron, nits 2,690 Quicksilver, flasks 224
Middlings, 5k5..... 252 Hops, bis 140
Beans, sks. l,042; Broom Corn, bales 88
Hay. tons. Lime, bbls 120
Oregon , 20 Chicory, bb15...... 15
Straw, tons 32|.
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Occidental broke again yesterday. Closing at 91c
on Monday it opened yesterday at -84c. and ran
down to 63c on the noon informal' session under
heavy selling. " Chollar also broke, declining to 60c
at noon. ! These were ' the ' weakest " stocks, the
others holding up well. On the afternoon board
the feelins was , stronger.arid Occidental got back
to 6Hc and Chollar to 64c, the other stocks being
steady. The market continued strong at the close.
KOTKS.
Vnion Con. is assessed 20c.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
quarterly dividend' of 2 per cent, papable imme
diately. . • ; . ■. '. . „
The Bank of California has declared a quarterly
dividend of $3; per share, payable on the 15th." .
' To-day will be dividend day for a number of local
bunKinij, gas, electric liglit, telephone, telegraph
and other corporatioiiH. . ,
The Consolidated New York and Hale&Nor
cross assessments will be delinquent in otllce to- I
day.
The Silver King Mining Company of Arizona has i
re elected the • old management and principal
olllces, with J. W. Pew a,s secretary.
.TJae annual meeting of the Sierra Nevada Min
tnsr Company takes place to-day.
The annual meeting of the Utah has been called I
for the 29th. . ; •
The Onhir Mining Company has received the
sum of $7326 as gross proceeds of concentrates j
treated by the Selby Smelting and Lead Works.
These concentrates came from 472 tons of base ore
worked at : the M' xicaji mill. The total cost of
working the ore, treating the concentrate? and all
freight charges did not exceed $3 53 per ton.
At the annual meeting of the California Safe De
posit Bunk yesterday the following directors were
elected: J. D. Fry (preside Henry Williams
(vice-president), R. D. Fry (second vice-president),
Jamea Treadwell, J. C. Johnson, R. B, Wallace,
Henry F. Fortmanu, F. W. Lougee, A. D.. Sharon,
J. Dalzell Brown (secretary-treasurer) and I. G.
Wickersham. The secretary's report howed that
the business of the institution was in a highly
prosperous , condition, notwithstanding that the 1
building was ■ entirely vacant during all of last I
year owing to reconstruction. The net profit of I
the year utnwinted to $71.626 99, out of which '
$60,000 was disbursed In dividends, balance being |
carried to surnlus account. There was an increase
of trusts accounts of $2,300,000 over the previous
year. -_ •:;, -.-
BOAKI) SALES. . : . '
Following were the sales In ths Sau Francisco
Stoct Board yesterday: ;
SEOULABIIOIINIVasir,IHinN- COXTWF.VnIN'O AT9: 30. i
400 AlDha 23 400 Crown Pt.22 300 Occidtl...
100 8e1cher.. .27 100 24 100.... 83
800 B 8....91 OA C 52 1600 80
100 Bodie 40 500 H&N..1. 30[400 Potosi....
100 Cballnge..27isoo L Wa5h....01500 ... . f)->
100 Ch011ar... .66J100 Mexicn... 62 1(10 51 1
300 65 100 61,800 8 Nev 60
900 64 600 BO 1000 Union C.42
650 CC&V...2.45 400 0phir.... 1.402(10 V Jaeltei..4l
50 2.40 400 0vrmn.... 101200 42
ArTFRKODN' bkbsiow— 2:3o.
300 Alta 500 Exchqr....O7 0ph1r....1.45
400 B«fc i>....93:i000G 1 fcC....55 Potosi...
200 92100 H&N... 1.35 150 S Nev. ...46
500 Challne...2": 50 Mexican. .62' 50 46
300 Ch011ar. ...63 200 Occidtl... 100 Union t....39
200 64 700 67 1000 V Jackl.4s
500 C P0int.. .22500 68)
Following were the sales in tlia Pacific Stoclc
Board j-esterday :
KE«rr,AR RKRSTON'— ]O:?I. .•
600 Alnha 23 500 C NY 06 1200 0cc1d..i.70
1200 Alta.. 06 600 C P01nt....2211400 69
400 Andes 28-400 Exchqr ...08 600 68
P,elcher....'-'6IIOOG & 0... 52400... 67
100 B&B 931800 51 400 65
600 «*-_-S(H) f,O 100 Ophir... 1.45
100 ....« 911400 63200 1.40
1200 250 H<fcN ...1.35 200 13.'
100 89 500 1.32V2 900 ... 1.35
500 8u11i0n.... 300 1.30 400 Ovrmn.
800 Caleda 08 600 Julia 02 200 Potosi 53
400 Chalice ...2H 400 Justice... .03 1 500 62
200 Choiiar....7o 500 Kent ck....O6 300 .. . 51
400 69 400 LWash....O2 500 Savage..
400 100 Mexican..62 1900 27
600 1400 61 600 Scori>lon..o2
400 7(10 60 70058& M...10
900 60200 Occid SB9OO S.Nev... 60
500 02,100 86 300 ...: 49
300 63:400 : H5 600 Sll Hi 11. ...02
400 CC4V... 2.45400 80 300 Union C...41
700 2.421 2 600 79 600 .-. 40
150 Conn.... 1.10|400 74 800 Utah 05
600 Con 1m....02'300 73 300 YJacKet..43
500 200 72900 .... 42
AFTKRN'OON- RKSsroN — 2:30.
200 Alpha 2.3,250 CCV 2.55200 0ccidt1., ..68
300 A1ta. ...:.. 01i'.'00 ..2.47V 2 400 70
300 07 100 Conil ...1.10 300 0phir..".i".40
200 Andes 21100 1.15400 . . 1.35
600 Beicner...2K3oo G <fc C 54 100 .: l.«UV<i
400 B& Si 9»:ifioo 300 Potosi. . 53
200 92,400 -. 56500...... .52
200Bod!e 41600 ............ 67,100 54
400 8u11i0n. ...K; 100 HifcN ...1.30500 Savage... .2B
i!ooßulwer....ll|2oo 1.35J1300. . 29
j 400 Ca1eda. ...071500 Justice.. 300 .. 30
300 (KtHOO Keutuck..o6 500SB&M".V.10
300 Challnge..sio:Roo Mexican. . 200 s Nev ...49
100 Chollar^_6 2500 63 500 Union ....41
300 6H;f>oo Mono 05 400 Utah.,.. 05
400 ti-1 600 0ccidt1.. ..66400 V JacKet..43
900 66,400 67700 45
300 C Point... 2S ■ | ""••—•••••■*'>
CLOSING' QUOTATIONS. "
TUESDAY, Jan. 14-4 r. m.
... f ' Xm.A*hnl.\ ;.rI;V SiA.Aiktd.
Alpha Con 24 25 1 Jackson — 40
Alta 05 07|Jnlia. - — 03
Alld e» 20 23iJustIC«.. . — . 04
JJ'lcher 37 28;KentucK. 05 06
Best & Belcher. 9iS 94lLady Wash.... — 02
Bentoncon.... _ 40 Mexican 62 64
Bodie 41 Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion _ 15 17 Mono _. 06
B "'wer - 30 12 Nevada Queea. 04 06
Caledonia 08 lO'Occidental..... 70 71
Challenge con. -z7 29,Ophir 1.40 1.45
t'hollar 64 65 Overman ..... 18 20
Con. cal. &Va. 2.45 2.50 Potosi ..;...! 63 64
Con. Imperial. 02 03 bavuee .29 30
Confidence 1.05 1.15 Seg. Belcber... 09 11
L'on.New Yoric — 06 Sierra Nevad*. 47 48
Crown Point... 22 23 Scorpion 03 ■ _
EastSierraNaw — 04SilverUlU 02 03
Exchequer 07 08 Sliver Kins.... 20 —
Eureka Con — 25 Syndicate 02 —
Gould <fc Curry. 56 •56 mon Con 38 39
Hale<t orcrs. 1.30 I.Bs'Utah 05 ■ 07
lon-a 02- O4|YeUow Jack«u 44 45
-STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Jnn! 14-2 p.m.,
fNITKI) STATES BtI.VDS. , ;>-:
. Bid. Asked.] J}i<L Ai/ced.
D S4scoup..lO7y 2 — |U S4s reg...lO7Va — .
MISCKLIIAKKOITS B'lxm,
Cal-stCbless. — 110 IDo. 2d lss 6s. — —
CalElecL6s.lO6 — IP Ky 65.107 —
CntraCWs3. — 100 P&cii Kv6s.iO2 —
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 IPwl-sI.KRBs. — 116%
EdsnLAP 65.106 — Reno. WL&L — 105
F«fcUIIRR6s.IO3V — River W Co6s — 100
(>e&rv-stß9s. /8 105 IsacioP .t 100 " 102SA
LosAn«L6s. — 101 SFifcNPRRSsiOOViIOI,
Do,Gined.6s. — 10iy 2 SPRRAriz6s — 95
Mkt-stCble63l2o 122 SPRRCaIGs..IIO —
DoßvConss..lo73/8108y 2 !SPRRCaISs.. — . 971*3
NevCNgRSs. — 100 SPBrRCal6s. 96 ■ 96y 3
N PCRR6S.IO3V3 — ■ SVWaterßs..X2oy 8 12iy
N fly Cal Us.lOOV'2 — : bVWater4s._ — 99
NRy Cal ss. — 103 StktnG<fcE6j — ' 103
Oak Gas 65..104y 2 — |SunstT<tT6s. — 100 '
Do, 2d Issss.lO4V — Sutter-stRSs. — HOVi
Omnibus 65.. 1 18*». 1 19* A VisaliaWC — 92
PacßollM6s.. — — ■".
WATKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 46 46 ' iSan Jose . 7&Va f J6
MarlnCo. 49 65 |SprlngValley 91534 97 ,4
GAS STOCKS. ,
Capital.. — 40 Pacific Light. 45y 48
Central. 95 — SanFrancsco 71V« 72
OakGL&H. 61 siy a Stockton — HlVs
Puc Gas Imp. 79Vi 80 ;
IXBUEAXCE STOCKS.
FiremanaFd.l6o . — |5un. .......... '66Vi — «
COMMEBCrAL BANK STOCKS. -
Amerß&TC. — — ILondonPAA.l27^4l3o •
Anglo-Cal ... 59 2 62 .- I<ondon*SF. — -30
Bankof Cal.. — 233 Merch Ex.... 12 —
CaISD&TCo.. 'S7Ui 60 Nevada...... — .—
l-irstNationl.l74 — ißatherßCo- — .-■ —
Orangers — ■ —-. I V- -
■ • . ■Avnraa bank STOCK*. ' ' S '.*'
GerS<tLCo.)4oo 1510 !Sav& Loan.. — 150 "
HumbS&L.IOOO — Security 210 245
Mutual 35 411/2 Union Trusc. — 830
SFbavUnlon — - 490 |
■ \ii-' '•■ BTRKKT BAILROAD STOCKS. . .
California.. los . — ,Oak,SL&Hay — 108 •
Geary-st 60 70 ! Presidio... ...8 — . .
Murkei-5t.... 14>4 143/gSutter-at.,..., — — -
■ rOWDER STOCKS.
AtlantlcD... 15 15^-Jud50n......; "— —
California.... — 93 Vigont 600 90c
Giant......... — 19 I
-: - " "- VISCEI.I,A>.-Km-S STOCK".
j Alaska Pkrs. 97 - lOceanicSSCO 15 22Va
; Blk-DCoalCo. — .10 - PacAuxFA.. 1 —
I CalCotMills.. — — lac Borax... 98 100
CnlDrvDock, — — PacI&NCo. — 30
Edison Light. 95?^, 961/4 Pac Roll Mill- 22y 3 — .
GasConAssn. — — (ParfPalntCo.' — 7*4
HawC&SCo.. 78/4 - [PacTransCo. - 26
HutchSPCo.. 13JJ4 lSVs'pacT&TCo 50 —
! JudsonMfgO, _ ■ _ SunsetTifeT.. 40 —
I Aier.LxAssnloO 110 |UnitedCCo.. — 25
MORNINfJ KESSrOX.
Board-S2OOO Californla-st B R Bonds, 109 8
110 S F Gaslight, 713^.
AKTERXnoS SES3TOV. >
Board— s Market-st Railway, 443/ 8 : 40 Oakland
Gas, 511,4: $2000 S V 6% Bonds. 121.
Street— s3ooo Californla-st li R Bonds, 10911;
20 Oakland Gas, 51Vi.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City, and County of San Francisco to Henry J.
Gallagher, lot on N line of Broadway, 128 E of
Polk street, E 72:6y 2 , N 276, \V BlifP&, SW 145,
S 137:6; . ™
J.. M. Wood to game, lot on S line of Vallejo
street. 165 E of Polk, E 36, S 137:6, \V 78, -N
145; $5. •
P. A. and Lelia I. Bowman to Bert J. Benedict,
lot on N line of Butter street, 1«2:6 E of Steiner,
B 25 by N 137:6: $10.
J. J. Morgan to C. Sneider, lot on W corner of
Beach and Baker streets, S 3b by W 137:6; $5.
City and County of San Francisco to Hermann
Hashageii, lot on E line of Folsom street, 105 Sof
Sixteenth. S6O by E 101 : $ .
Matthew Kerr to Maria Kerr, lot on \V line of
Sanchez street, 151:6 S of Eighteenth, S 25 by W
105; $10.
. Agnes C. Shaw to P. B. Elderkin, lot on N line
of Twenty-fifth street, 71 :2y 2 R of Valencia, E
46:3Va by N 28:23/ 8 , SW 54; $10. : :■
Barbara S. and Walter J. Raymond to Friedrich
and Catherine Weihmann, lot on W line of Florida
street, 260 N of Twenty X 20 by W 100; $10.
Matthew Kerr to Maria Kerr, lot "on S line of
Twehty-eighth street, 130 E of Noe, E 25 by S
114; $10. .
• Same to same, lot. on S line of Twenty-eighth
street, 80 X of Noe, E 25 by S 101 :6; $10.
Charles C. Furley to Adeline Marryatt. lot on W
line of Varenncs street, 77:6 S of Filbert, \V 60 by
S2o;sl.
John F. ami Sarah'A. Sullivan toj&enry P. Sonn
tag, lot on s line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 E
of n.vde street, E 20 by S 67:6: $10.
Mary Burk to John F. JBoyd. lot on NE line
of Steiiart street, 183:4 NW of Mission, NW 45:10
by NE 137:6: $10.
J. X. and Antoinette K. Burk to same, same;
$10. : ■ ■
A. C. Freese (administrator estate of John Hur
ley) to Joseph Kelly, lot on BE line of Folsom
street, 176 NE of Ninth, XE 25 by SE 90;
$3600. . •
Matthew Kerr to Maria Kerr, lot on ■ X line of
Twentieth (Xapa) street, 60 W of Florida, "W 40 by
-N 38; $10. '.".*•
i • W. v. and Marie L. iruntington to Charles D.
Haven, lot on E line of Sixteenth avenue, 175 N of
B street, N2sby E 127:8 Vis! $10.
' Lizzie . Lobree to .William" and Margaret Law, lot
on 8-line of N street, 32:6 W • of Seventeenth
avenue, \V 25 by S 100; $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Ucilla E. Cook,
lot on E line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 175 S of O
street, s 25 by E 120: $10.
Il'nbert Kee3 to William McCall. lot on SW
corner of Naples street and Silver avenue, S 133,
W 195:7. E 236:10, block 50, Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
Matthew Kerr to Maria Kerr, lot on S line of
Sllliman street. 28 E of Goettingen, E 27 by S 100,
block 17, Railroad-avenue Homestead; $10.
same to same, lot on SE corner of Goettinger
and SilHman streets. S 100 by E 28: $10.
Agnes C. Show to P. B. Elderkin, lot on XWllne
of 1-aris street, 200 SW of China avenue, SW 25
by NW 100, block 13, Excelsior Homestead; also
lot on NW line of Paris street, 225 SW of China
avenue. BW 50 by NW 100. block 13, same; also
lot on NW line of Paris street, 300 NE of Brazil
avenue. NE 25 by NW 100, block 13. same; also
lot on SW line of China avenue, 25 NW of Paris
street. NW 50 by SW 100. block 13, same; also lot
on SE line of Lisbon street, 250 NF. of Persia
avenue, NE 50 by SE 100, block 28, same; $10.
Adolph Sutro to M.Helena Schneider, lot on N
line of Ocean boulevard, 100 4 from junction of
N line of Ocean bo levard with s line of Derby
street, E 25:31/2. N 102:4 i, W 30:1, B 82:2, lot
12, block 65, Ingleslde Subdivision; $10.
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to Eugenio
Bianchi, graves land 2, tier AA, South Kidge;
$91. ' ' -. •.-;.•: .
AT.AMKPA COrSTY.
Francis K. and Rosa M. Sbattnck to Conrad
Lucht, lot on N line of Oregon street, 115 W of
Fremont, W 40 by N 129.65, lot 22, block 20,
Shattuclt Tract, Map 5, Berkeley: $10.
H. C. Morris to Mrs. L. Bullard, lot on X line of
Bay View avenue, 50 W of Cherry street, \V. 50
by N 141, lot 5, block 15, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Caroline E. Dwlnelle to Mutual Building and In
vestment Company, lot on W Hue of Weber
street, 375 S of Central avenue, S 47, W 130.66, N
60, E 130.35, to beginning, the Is* 47 feet of lot 98,
Encinal Park Tract, Alameda; $1.
■ Morris and Emma Greenbaum to William J.
Smith, lo; on NW corner of Johnson avenue and
Court street, X 37:6 by \V 100, portion of lots 19
and 20. Johnson Tract, quitclaim, Alameda: $10.
Daniel J. Murphy to M. H. Lyle, lots 10, 11 and
12, block 83, town of Alvarado, Washington Town
ship; $1.
Morns Rosenberg to Therese and Karah Rosen
bTg. lot on N line of Eleventh street. 100 W of
Jackson, W 60 by N 100, being lots 24 and 25,
block 163, Oakland: gift. ««-. ;.; 
John and Cecilia G. Hugo to Robert E. and Hattie
L. Cairns, lot on S line of Twentieth street, 150 W
of West. W 50 by B 100, being lot 5. blockP, Barnes
Tract, subject to mortgage to Hlbernia Saving
and Loan Society for $1500, Oakland; »10.
Edmund and Lavinia Brown to Sarah J. Miller,
lot on NE corner of Central avenue and Fourth
street. E 40 by N 125, Alameda; $10.
- Lillian M. Richardson to Myra Richardson, lot
on S line of Park street. 882:4 S of San Jose ave
nue, s 50 by E 159, being lot D, block 24, Alameda
Park Homestead, Alameda; $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to MartiD and Matl'da
Show, lot 11, block L, Andrew Jones subdivision,
Brooklyn Township: grant. . .
I L. F. and Fannie Chapman to Julia Boquet, lot
on NW corner of Mountain View avemic and Olive
street, N 100 by W 140, being lots 4 and 5, block
27, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $600.
Helena Morgenstern to Alexander Johnson, lot
on N line of Blanding avenue. 219:2 Wof Park
street, W 100, N 243 to San Antonio Creek, thence
Sto a point where a line drawn at right angles to
Rlanding avenue from point of beginning svould
Intersect San. Antonio Creek, distant 215 N from N
line of Elanding avenue. thence 5 215 to beginning,
being lots 7. 8, 18 and 19, block A, Minturn Tract,
Alameda; also lot on s liny of Buena Vista avenne,
350 V. of Oak street, S 145, E 50. N 95, W 13, N 60.
W 37 to beginning, being portion of lots 12, 13 and
15, block 46, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;
$10.
James Stanley (administrator of the estate of
William W. Niekal3) to A. A. Moore. Jr. lot on W
line of San Pablo avenue, distant SE 314:2 from
South Isabella street, SW 100 by SE 25, Oakland;
$2050. •
Maurice and Elizabeth Hlgglns to George T.
nellyer, subdivisions 7 and 8 in lot 16, Glen Echo
Tract, map 3, being a redlvislon of lots 10, 16. 18.
28, 29, 35 to 38, Glen Echo Tract, map 2, Oakland
Township; $10.
William Jacobs to Carrie Kltcuell.lot on SW cor
ner of Vernoa and Diamond streets, NW 250 by W
206, being the NE corner of lot 9, plat 13. Rancho
V. and D. I'eralta, Oakland Township: also lot 16,
block B, Peralta Heights. East Oakland; also tho
N half ot lots 6 to 10, block 46, Tract B. Berkeley
1., and T. I. Association, Berkeley; also lots 18 to
22. block 46, Tract B, same, Berkeley; also lots 18
to 22, block 55. Tract B, same, Berkeley ; gift.
George W. and Mary A. Beaver to Fred H.
Reaver, lot on s line of Bancroft; way, 100 E of
Dana strent, E 100 hy S 130, lots 3 and" 4, block A,
Beaver Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Same to Anna W. iseaver, lot on S line of Ban
croft way, 200 E of Dana street, E 100 by s 130,
lots 6 and 6. block A, Beaver Tract, Berkeley; $ 10.
Same to Kate W. Beaver, lot on s line of Bun
croft way, 300 F. of Dana street, E 100 by 8 130,
lo 3 7 and S, block A, Beaver Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Same to Ethel Beaver, lot on s line of Bancroft
way, 400 Eof Dana street, E 100 by S 130, lots 9
and 10, block A, Beaver Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Henry I'ym to James Glazier, lot 7, block F,
Crystal Soring Tract, Berkeley; $10.
William and Eliza Malley to Mary 1.. Woolf, lot
on NE corner of Mountain View avenue and
Orange street. E 60 by N 140, being lot 4, block
26, Warner Tract, Brooklyn ' Township: $10.
Mary Smith to Peter H. Smith, lot 3, in E half of
block F.'lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Meta Schmidt to William H. Schmidt, a.l Interest
in real or personal property <in Alameda and San
Francisco, quitclaim deed; $10. ■•■- •■•>■;
Builders' Contracts.
William B. Bourn with William Bell, to erect a
two-story building on E line of Webiter street,
82:6 Sof Broadway; $16,9 M).
Margaretia J. Wigg with James McLean, to erect
a one-story building on E line of Lott street, 95 sj
of Haigut; $3374.
HOTEL AEEIVALS,
GRAND HOTKL.
JTKd wards, Winters H W t'ra bb, Oakville
W II Knowlton, Cal M F Campbell <fe w, Cal
X T Devlin, Sacramento C T I>av»'nport, Mexico
Mrs .1 \V Tunson, Nebr A McGregor. Balsun
G W G Anderson, Cal Mary S Green, Boston
J T Beaver, Utah \V H Baldwin, Sacramto
Q A Sniith, Courtlaad A P Halfhill.Loa Angeles
R G Holt & fnl, Wash JSP Bass, Shasta
B P Artarus Jr&w, 111 B F Walton, Cal
T B Hull, Cal L P Farmer, Tudor
II A Merriam, Los Gatos X R Pomerest. Or
T P L Lloyd, Fresno L A Spltzer, San Joso
J Stevens. Sacramento H W Holmes, Bos:oa
J M Mesorville, Stockton H L Eastman. TJkiah
W Kot'lieford, Omaha F P Gould, Omaha
Miss Heath, NY F J Eastman, Sta Clara
.! X Meyer, Ptiownsend I. <Jreen, Petaluma
H J Owens, Hta Rosa "\Ym Johnston, Cal
J O Zumwali, Williams .1 B Price <fe w, Sacto
J W Willard, Boston H A Preston, Jamestown
G S McKenzie, Nnpa I) F Weruock, C'liicago
II W'evmann, Tehatua P Mnsto, Stockton
F M Chittemlon, Cal W H Ingels, Cal
D P Dursi. Whtatland E J Brisi-oe, M San Jose
W A Chapman, Cotati A B ivemmon, Sta Rosa
J M Marmon, Uklah \V C Williamson, Cal
D Geldmocher, Ccluaa JM. C Jasper, Cal
C L Kuggles. Stockton JIX Kourth, ( olusa
C C Fells, Maxwell H A Logan, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Dr P S Coke, San Jose Max Frtedlander, II!
F J Field, Monterey J Williams, San Jose
I Lesser, NY N Hashlm, Tavary
H Sawalr. Ariz P J Ke.'l-r. Pa
I)r H W Kmerson, Cal C Lang, N V
L J I>awßton, Chicago R Beires, Chieasro
W JN Krutchurn, 111 S Koth & W, N V
NKW WKSTEUN HOTKL.
Mrs Church & f, Ashlnd P B Smith, Oakland
T J McGam, Boston Geo J Ford, Stockton
Chas S Parker, Lockeford J V Gaff <fe w, Benson
c; V Karner, Ker.son Archie McGregor, Suisun
J X Harlow, Ponland John Mahoney, Alameda
J F St-ewart, Brooklyn Peter Colder, 111
W Brown, Salem, Or Geo Kohn, Kansas Cltj
LICK House.
B F Saundprs. Salt Lake G J Miller, San Kafael
T V Harris. California Miss F Davfs, Modesto
II J I.pwellinp.st Helena F C Francis, Oroville
A \V Jones A s, Montery •It J Blowers, Woodland
Mia H L Geiger, Tacoma C C Irish, Xew York
J B Hani])ton,Washingn X Sternbegn, rirentwood
X T Dean, Merced R Grr.cey, Merced
J s Green, Salt Lake A McFarlapd, Napa
CBSeeley, Napa w E Smith, Meulo Park
C H Edwards<t w.Visalia G I. Bisnop. Stockton
Alfred Daggett, Visalia F W Hatch. Agnews
J L Delano, Rocklin Mrs A Gerester, S Jose
V L Gerester, San Jose H Eickott, sun Rafael
Dr A M Garnner, Napa C W Stephenson. S Jose
\V L Jackson, Portland s F Black, Sacramento
A H Davis & w, Oakland D F Douglass, Los Ange
(» Iddis.shiD C McKenzie F M Quimby. Sacramto
C J Noak, Sacramento It C Walbrath, Nev City
C Turpln. Washington J C Bull Jr. Arcata
Mrs J M Thompson, W R Spalding, Truckee
Mrs M F Chaudier.Denvr S X Haeins, Chicago
E \V Biddle, Healdsburg J I) Lynch, Los Angeles
Mrs Dr F S Bunks, Neva Miss R Banks, Nevada
T It Brown <t w. Seattle W p Lynch. Oroville
H N Baggs, Stockton J T Stafford, Loj Banos
R D Bobbins, Suistin C C Cook <fc \v, Stockton
J CCrome. Portland E L Daran, Los Angeles
s A Alexander, Fresno B McDour:aie, Bakersllld
W H Hatton, Modesto : \V T Robinson it w. Cal
C G Vaies, Los Angeles C H LeVcgeU, Merced
S C Cornell, Merced H Hobson, Philadelphia
W D Patterson, Detroit F Wehe, Downieville
J W Moreli, New York M Steng, Dlxon
R It Bullock, Eureka W J Henderson, Eureka
RUSS HOUSE,
C R Scott, Portland . Geo Steinmiller, Dlxon
Jno II Hill, Townsend C. A Connect, Oak
Mrs Cnlbergit s. Jamestn D G Kleiufelter, st Paul
C S Jabe, Red Bluff R H Foreman, Nev City
A O White, Red Bluff J L Woodmansee.S Mlgl
H F Snyder. Cloverdale P Carroll, Marysville
J M Brown, I'etaluma s G Hopkins, ilollister j
Jos Woodruff, Rolinas * Mrs Conrad, Hollister
R W Wilkins, Bolinas Misses Conrad, Hollister
X J Rathes, Sacto J N Smith, Portland
W A Fountain, Sacto J H Martin, Woodland
'J O Cooper, Santa Rosa T B lack, San Jose .
A CarlsoD, Chicago J Outlier, Grayson
W H Dool, Boulder , - Miss Scliandt, S Diego
W Hessey, Stockton X Shoreless, Fairtield
J W Landers, Boston ' J Mitchell, Cape York;
J B Chase, Oakland 11 Wood, Oakland
W Tucker, Irvingtonl W Fountain, Sacto
G Belcher, Conn' - A"Matthews, Tularo
Q Kirlin, Irvington A Johnson, USA
I R Drake, Fowler O Jacobs,' Fresno
E Thompson, S Joaquin W Edgar, WHletts
PALACE HOTEL.
G H Glendle, USK M R Grlgle, N V
II F Sutlift', Chicago J Daub. Pa
M S yutliir, Chicago G C DeForrest, Mich
II Henry, London R E Hyde. Visalia
W T Solomon, N V N P Chipman, Red Blufl
A C Ellis, Utah R T Root ife w. Colo
Mrs A C Ellis. Utah J Bauman, Mo
W H McCord, NY F H McCullagh, L GatOS
Mrs WII McCord. N V C T Willis. N V
C M Ingram. NY J C Scuulte, Ky
C Orndorff, Brighton
THE CALL (AI.IMi.VIi,
January, 1896.
| M. Tu.
6 7
13 I 14
20 21
i 27 28
1 1
Th.
! 2
_Il I _!!l Moon's Phases.
3 4 — — —^~
j | if^ Last Quarter.
— p^/ . January 7.
io ii ■ ' . — -— —
48k New Moon.
jWJanuary 14.
17 18 i
/^\First Quarter
\\JJ January 22.
24 28 i— —
\fix\ Fall Moon.
j \\5S January 30.
! 31 I
8
9
16
16
12
I
22
23
29
30
OCEAN STKAJIJSHS.
Dates of Departure Irani San Francisco.
STEAMBR. | DKSTINATION' I
sails.
i PI KB.
UmaiUla | Vie <S Pet Snd Jan 16. »am Pier 9
Faralion ; \ aaulna Bay.. Jan 15.10 am Per 2
»t I'aui Newport Jan 16. 9am Pier U
I'eru iCbina<fc Japan-Jan 18, 3pm Pl* 88
Pomona Humboldcßay Jan 18. Vrn I'irrO
Araeo i'oos Day ". JanIS.IOAM Pier 13
Point iiOma. Grays Harbor. Jan 18. 4PMiPIe r 'J
t:orona San Diego Jan 18.11 am Piarll
L'ii3-Panama Panama ! Jan 18,12 v P MS s
Columbia... Portlana Jan 19.10 am Viet '2i
City Sydney, Panama Jan '2o,l2 M fMKS
Del :>orie .. 'Grays HarDOr. Jan 20. 3pm — -
Eureka I Nem>ort Jan 'JO, 9am Pier 11
CHyPuebla,. | Vie A P« Snn Jan2o. 9am Pier 9
Australia Honolulu Jan 2l.loam Oceanic
Bant* Kosa.. San Dietro Jan 22.11 am Pier 11
Stateof Cai Portland Jan J4, loam Pier 2*
STKAMKKS TO AKKIVK.
STKAMEII |
North Fork |
Mackinaw ,
Kan Benuo i
Willamette Val.
City of Sydney. '
C01umbia........ !
Empire
Mexico
City of Puebla.. ;
Mar1 005a .......
Willamette
Araeo. ."...•... j
P0m0na......... '
Point Lcms.....
Arcata
Eureka.......... !
■San Bias i
Dal None '
Homer \
Banta Kosa. '
Crescent City... ,
South Coast..... }
State of Cal |
Farallon I
Walla Wa11a....
BtPaui i !
Alice Blancnard
! Hum bold t Bay
Comox
Tacoma...
.Mexico
Panama
Portland
Portland
San Diego
• Victoria <£ Puget bound
; Sydney
Departure Bay
Coos Bay
Humboldt Bay
Grays Harbor ...
Poos Bay .„
■ Newport ;
! Panama. 1 ...: ;
' Urays Harb0r. ..........
Coos Bar..'.
, (>an Dleso
'Crescent. City..
Portland
I Portland ...."...„•
I Yaaulna 8ar...... .;....
: Victoria «& Puget. Sound
Newport.
t'ortland.
China and Japan
..Jau 15
...lan 15
..Jan 15
..Jan IB
..Jan IB
..Jan 16
I ..Jan 16
i ..Jan IB
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
; ..Jan 16
I ..Jan 17
...lan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan IK
..Jan 38
..Jan 18
i. Jan 18
..Jan 19
..Jan 20
..Jan 20
..Jan 21
..Jan 21
I. .Jan 21
..Jan 21
i ..Jan 22
; ..Jan 22
! ..Jan 22
Coptic
SLX AND TIDE TABLE.
a
sit:
a
: Small. i Large. [Small. Large.!
5. 1.23 a 11.29 a) 5.45a 1 6.36p
6. ".01a o.l'-' i- tj.Ki* 7.09p
I Sets
Sets
7
i 6.15! 6.11 a
! 5.16 7 15a
HYDKOGKAPUIC BILLETIS.
Bbanch rfvnßooKAi'Hir Offick., V. S. N. ")
Merchants' Exchange. >-
San Fkancisco, January 14. 189fl. J
The time ball on Telegrapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the I'JOth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. P. Fkciitki.kr,
Lieutenant V. s. N.. in charge.
SHIFFLN(i INTKLUGJiNOK.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, January 14.
Stmr St Taul, Green, 70 nour3 from Newport.etc; j
pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Excelsior, Hfggins, 40 hours from San i
Diego; pass, to 0 A Hooper <fe Co.
■Be stmr Wellington, Salmond, VA days from
Departure Bay; 2382 tons coal, toll Duiisniulr &
Sons.
Bark Martha Davis, Sonlp, 17 days from Hono
lulu: pass and supar. to Welch <fe Co.
Schr Gotama, Brissem, 11 days from Coos Bay;
220 AI ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Jennie Thelin. Hansen, odaysfrom Eureka; ,
— M ft lumber, to San Francisco Lumber Co. '
Schr Joseph and Hpnry. Christensen. 11 days frm
Coquille River; 130 M ft lumber, to C F I)oe.
Cleared.
TUESSDAY, January 14. |
Ktmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
Co.
stmr UmatiUa, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall. Perkins »£ Co.
In ie " stmr Costa Ilica, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr <fc Sons.
•,'.; ■:.■■;• .r 7 ;' Snlloci. : ■, .. ;
■: 'i'sSuiii : ; -: ':'<. . TUESDAY, January 14.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
BtmrGipajr, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Kxcelsior, Koniflelrf. Eureka.
Stmr Homer, DrisKo, Coos Bay.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen.
. Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Dleero, etc,
Stmr Slate of California, Ackley, Astoria.
Ship America, llardin?, Xanalmo.
ship Louisiana, Jackson. Seattle.
1 Bark Topgallant, liillmau. Port Blakeley.
Schr Kattler, Nielsen, sealing voyage, Japan
coast, Bering Sea, Attou Xslaud or Unalaska.
fechr Archie and Fontie. Colatrup.
Scnr uessle K. Andersou.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
. Teiegraphio.
POINT LOBOS- January 14—10 eu— Weather
cloudy: wind SK: velocity 24 miles. >>eßlner
Cliarfer*.'
The Br bark Lorton was chartered prior to arrl '
val forwheut from Portland to Europe 35s- Rr
ship \\fstern Monarch, same voyage, prior to ar- '
rival, otjs9d(
for'ca' J e r AnCal Sloa<l9 - lUmber on lhe Sou "d
Domestic Ports.
• PORT LOS AXGELES-Arrived Jan 14-Stmr
Alcazar, from Point Arena. . wit ,
ASTORIA-Arnved JanU-Stmr Sunol, hence j
Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Kmpire, for San Francisco.
pe C r??or "an FSs E ca- SUlled Jaa 12 - Schr Pros-
CUy.he m ce D i l aV,l^ riVedJan 14 - Slmr Na:lonal
Sailed Jan 14-9chr Lottie Carson
FORT Bit AGG-Sailed Jan 4-Stmr Cleone.
riMV«UA.It,7;^ mr Albion, hence Jan 18.
t e c,"^en I }^^ ArrlVed 14 - Stmr Pr °-
woo U dfhe E nce S J^ V ArrlVea JaQ 14 - stmr Green -
CASPAR- Arrived 14— Stmr Jewel, hence
J ft U 1 .»• '
; COOS BAY— Arrived Jan Stmrs Arcataand
Araeo, hence Jan 12. '
PORT BLAKELEY-Salled Jaa 12-Schr Excel
sior, for fan Pedro. ' . • ■
T, SANDIEGO-ArrlvedJan 14-Brahlp Scottish
Dales, from Hamburg.
EUREKA>-Arrlved Jan 14-Stmr Alice Blanch
ard. hence Jan 13; stmr Pasadena, frm San Pedro
Sailed Jan 14— stmr Alice Blanchard. for Port
land; stmr North l-'ork, for San Franclgco.
, LOMPOC— Arrived Jan 14-Stmr Newsboy, frm
Santa Barbara. i
W BOWKNS LANDING-Arrived Jan 14-Schr \V
S Phelps, hence Jan 10 inr Scotia, hence Jan 13
Sailed Jan 14— Schr Monterey, for San Fran
cisco. ■ ' ■ ■
PORT ANGELES-Sailed Janl3-Shlp Wachu
sett. from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
Forelgrn, Port*.
DEPARTURE BAY-Arrived Jan 13-Shlp Two
Brothers, hence Dec 31. p "°
r ANTWERP-Arrlved Jan'll-Br bark Blalr
logie. to load for San Francisco.
. LIVERPOOL-Arrived Jau 11-Br ship Annes
ley, from Bristol, for Portland. M
•RFACHY HEAD-Fassed Jan^l3— Br bark In
b C ZABI)-Passed Jan 13-Dan bark CimDria, fm
21-Brshlp Primros.
Hill, for San Francisco. Atlantic Stumer..
Movements of Tran.- Atlantic Steimer,.
VKU- YORK— Arrived Jan 14-Stmr Taorraina,
fT ii¥^\u^Ar^ToutJ^ 13-Stmr South,
W BBEMEBHAVKN— SaUed Janl4-Stm Brauns
chweig, for New York.
importations.
NEWPOKT-Per St Paul-269 bzs oranges, 66
h rg if»Tiions 1 l>^c oilcloth.
Lo, An"eies-1 PK-sJ mrisc. 13 bxs oranges, 7 ska
hardware, Ibx sheaves, 5 kits mackerel. J 2 paOa
S: ueTieme-1 bx saddlery. 2 cs eggs, 1 cs cheese,
3 East SSfpedro-lO CS canned fish. 18 pails 5 hf-
Ventura— 7Bß sks beans., 50 bxs lemojis, aas Dxa
orln S e l ".Bsks popcorn. 1 cs whisky. 3 bxs type, 1
cs cigars 2 cs boots and shoes, 2 cs eggs.
an?rUarbara-70bxs lemons, 6 bxs oranges, 2
cs hardware, 1 cs Cijtars.
(Savlota— 47 sks crawtish.
Fortllarford-13 bxs butter, 14 cs eggs, 1 cs
lamps. 10 bxs fisli. 31 bdls bides, 3 bbls tallow, .20
bxs dried fruit, 1 keg olives. 1 bx dried beef.
Crtyucos-12 cs eggs, 1 tub 44 bxs butter. 4 bdla
hides. 33 dressed calves.
Monterey— lso bxs apples.
Santa Cruz —3 bxs fish.
San Simeon— 26 bxs butler. 6cs eggs, 4 sks quail,
I coop chickens. 1 cs dry goods. 1 pkR mdse. 4 cs
fish, 1 sk coffee. 28 dressed otlves, 1 sk abalonea.
Consignees.
Per St Paul— Gould Jaudin: L Scatena Co;
McDonough it ; I) Biagi Co ; F C Fred
rickson & Co; C Huadleston & Co: Wetmore Bros:
Eveleth & Nash: Buckingham, Heeht <t Co; \\ A
Setcheel; Cal & Nev Creamery Co; ll ills Bros; II J
Johnson: Dairymen's Union: CC IVunoll it Co; 8
Jacobs; Garcia A; MaKsini: Gray & Barbie rl West
ern iron Works: Erlunger «fc Galtnger: J nf Moore;
C X Whitney <fc Co; Hllmer. Bredhoff «fc Bcnnli_; A
L, Bryan .Shoo Co BKobin.«i>n: Brace, Bowen it
Co: Mit C MaDKels: Getz Bros & Co: llDutard;
■Wood, Curtis ifc Co; Dalton Bros: I. D Stone* Co:
De B«rriHrdi <fc Co; J do Martini & Co; Immel .t
Co; Migiiacca Wine Co: Hawley Bros; Dallemand,
<£ Co; Amer l'ress Assn: O B Smith A Co: A Wys3;
MichalitschkeßrostW X Mitchell; American Unioa
Fish Co; J Ivancovich »t Co; A lievy <fc Ca: J Bam
berßPr<fcCo; Dunham, Carrlgan it Co: A Paladiui :
G Camilloni «fc Co: Dodßi-, Sweeney <fc Co: fioneer
Fish Co; FB llaieht: Norton. Teller <t Co; Labor
Exchange: San Francisco Fish Co; Milan! <fe Co;
The Pacific coast Home Supply Association;
Heckman Co; Witzei & Baicer; S Strauss; C
Nauman ; Marshall, Teggart <fc Co ; Rossd Hewlett ;
Brisham, Hoppe«kCo; J Schweitzer it Co; M W
Mnrpby; ITathan, Dohrmann<t Co; Pacific Coast
Fish Co: Getz Bros & Co: Chaa Montgomery & Co:
W B Sumner Co: II >' Tildon it Co; J S Angus;
Smith's Cash Store; II Kirchmann & Co: Stewart
Co: Tillmann <fc Bendel : Kowalsky Co; E T
Allen & Co; W C Price it Co; V I> Virgilio.
For Latfi SMppinn Tntfiriprwe Frr Fittrrnth "Page*
MB
PACffICOM
CUT
VICTC
PUC
First O
Second
Meals a
Ticket Office-
c
ASTORIA
$2.50 Second
MEALS AND
For reservat
goinery. street.
Columbia sails
feiate of Califon
GOODALL, PER
F. :
PACIFIC COASI
Broadway whai cw. •
Broadway whaj
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng. Wrangel, Juneau. Kil-
tisnoo and Sltka • (Alaska), at 8 a. h., Jan. 16, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
§end. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. r. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townaend wltn
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields I-anding (Hum-
toldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 r. m., Jan. 2. 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crur., Monterey, San. Simeon, Cayucos,
i Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Sama
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro, Eaat sau
! Pedro (Los Angeief) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Jan.
4, 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every tourth daj
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Snnta Barbara. Port Loi
Angeles, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. v., Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14, 18. 22, 26. 30, and everj
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pai, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet.
* UOODALL, PERKINS it CO., Gen'l Agents.
. ■ ■ - ••' 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COiMH.
j^gj^fJßtgt^_ Coolgardle gold • field %
,^^^^TQ^^^ (Freemantle), Austra-
/I&Q HnkVOV,A lla = f ?" J -° llr3t class,
JBr7~ n^NrMiilU* $110 steerage. Lowest
ig»^Lrf^^^^l.yr rates to Capetown.
MwM&*\j^~^^9^^ South Africa.
■^V/ n^-l" \^^ Steamship Australia,
WC I v4A» \i\ V^^ Honolulu only, Tu.i-
VOl VJPSa_^MB^ day, January 21, at 10
■Sa\ S»^3 /ttm Australian Rteamer,
iBKsfcWTSy— V^J M A ''■'■'' ISAI saiu vl *
vV^^^V Honolulu ami Auck-
land, I'huisday, 1- < i>,
Ppzciai. Parties. — Reduced special rates foe
parties Feb. 6 and 15, IB'.tu.
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight oflice, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKEL3 & BBO&, General Agents.
COMPAG.\IEGE^KRALETR.WSATLA.\TIQL'B
French I^ine to Havre.
pOMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTn M/^jfL
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -i*Jgj|>
this line avoid both transit by English rail^... an.t
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. ■ New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
lirst-class $lt>0; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
January 11 _ *
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
January 18 .«
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Poirot,
lanuarv 25,
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
....: .February 1
■ Kg- For further particulars apply to ■
A. FORGET, Ag«»nt.
t  ■„,„ No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, Ban Francisco.- - •
■ white LIJE.
Onlled States and Royal Hail Steamers
_ , •* • ' nmn ,
New York, Queenstown & Live tdool
BAIUNO KVKItY AVJEEK. »'"" 1 '
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD, rmm
Iric to steamer ani accommodations tfSSJj
ee!ect«(l; second cabin, $36 and S4O; Maitsu^TTi
Tc-utouics3s. Steera e Tickets from EnKland i'r,
I land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
i through to San Francisco at lowest rates. TlckSti.
sailing dates and cabin plans may be nrapJrZi
from W. H. AVERY. l'aciflc Mail Dock, or a "th«
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
under Gr»nd Hotel. O. \v. Fl.kt[hi. V et>
General AeentiorPaclUcCoaiu i
; ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAW.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIXWALIi >f**m
fonnlgluly for the West Indies and 45tG88
I Bouthampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
j France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading. in connection with th«
1 Pacific Mall s. s. Co., issued for freight and trea*.
are to direct ports In Kngland and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thlrsj
•Uw, *87 60. For further particulars apply to
VARHOTT <fe CO., Agents,
■ 306 California et.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington S»-
At 5 P. M. l>aily, Kxcept Sunday
$Sr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
STKAMKK :
T. C. Walker. J. tj. Peter».
Blary Uarratt, City of Stockton.
| Telephone Main 805. Cm. Nay. acd Impt. Co.
YALLEJO \M MARE ISLAND.
STR. MONTICELLO,
Daily, «xcept Hunday-io a. m.. 4 m Ml
bunday— B p. m. 7 m
, fcaadlaK. Mi.iion *. Pi W «^ *Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
STILL BEING PERSECUTED
Miss Cameron Revives a Moun
tain View Cemetery Sen
sation.
THE POLICE ARE APPEALED TO.
A Young Woman Sent to an Asylum
Who Thought She Was Fol.
lowed by Burglars.
R Oakland Office Sax FbaKCBOO Ca1.1.,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 14. f
The sensational case of Charles E.
Moser's persecution of Miss Frances Cam
eron in this city two years ago has. beer.
revived tiy a letter that was received by
ex-Chief of Police SchafTer to-day. It is a3
follows:
Avevrn, N. V., Jan. 4, 1890.
Sir. Schajer, Oakland, Dear Sir: I write
t.> inquire of you if you can inform me of
either the aboats or intentions of that
old villain Moser. Christmas morning I re
ceived what 1 supposed to be a letter, addressed
in his handwriting. Although lat once recoc
nized the writing I thought I would open it,
and then perhaps I could tell better what
course to pursue. Upon opening it I was much
surprised to tind that there was not a trace of
any writing tnerein. But it contoinea an old
gre'en tlllt lining ot a hat with the figure of a
woman stamped upon it and the name Galatea
below the figure.
I took it to the Chief of Polic 1 here nr<l told
him the circumstances of the i ue, and he said
ilia; he could do nothing, owing to his being
out tthe statt\ But he advised me to write
to you and ask if you con Id not T ■■<■ me par
ticulars his wherea.bo.uis or actions, and also
to inform him if you have ao} suspicions that
he will come East, and also to aak if you could
forward to either him or me a copy of his pie-
Vire (I understand it is in the rogues' gallery),
bo }r\ean be on the lookout.
Shof<n alter Mr (.m tram's downfall he
(Moser) serf* one of the Oakland papers con
taining an ac* ullll t of the affair to some parties
here, and on the irgln alon gsi le of the
abovc-mentiond article were t! • ■ words:
"This is the >3> Outrani so highly recom
mended by Mis Frances Cameron and her
mother." , .
I know nowthathis imprisonment has had
very little effect on' M™. ftn d lam afraid, if he
is in any way able toPet here, that my liiemay
be in danger, and 1 appeal to you to aid me, if
in your power to do su , , ,
1$ there any wav to hind him to keep the
to state that ■..o pe bore the
postmark oi-Mokelumne I 1 .' ll -,* a! - The name
of the Chief or Police here^ Mac Master (I do
not know his given naiiu'- * Ild lf >' ou can ,
either reply to him or to me. Trusting you will
Bid me as" far as you is v power, I remain,
yours respectfully, " Miss f rances Cameron.
1 : ; Cottage street, Aubur*>. N.i.
In June, 1593, Miss "umeron was em
ployed as nurse \n the imily of Edward
]'. Ootram, the now defaulting secretary
of the Mountain Vie* Cemetery Associa
tion, living with the Jamily at their home
in Hie cemetery.
Mo«er, who is ar. old man, was a mem
hsr of the Adventist church, and, meeting j
Miss Cameron, fell in love with her. She
laiied to respond to his suit, knowing him I
to be a man* of family, and he thereupon
entered upon a systematic metfcod of per
secuting cue girl, accusing her of wrong
doir^. The pirl was nearly prostrated by
his attacks. The Outrams defended her in
every possible way and in consequence
were brought into unpleasant notoriety in
the case. Moser continued his abuse until
he was arrested on the charge of criminal
libel and was finally convicted and sen
tenced to a year's imprisonment.
After his" re/ease he disappeared from
tiie City aud nothing has been heard from
him until Miss Cameron's letter was re
ceived.•
The young lady meantime went East,
ani is now at a loss as to how Moser dis
covered her whereaobuts. Sciiaffer will
attempt to locate the old man, and will also
endeavor to assist the young lady in pre
venting a renewal of the abuse.
Acme Club Athletics.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— gentle
men's night at the Acme Club was largely
attended. The preliminary bouts were
well fought, but the main events of the
evening proved to be slugging matches.
James Lawlor and Sim Riley of the Acme
Clubi bantams, weiging Impounds, put up
a lively test. Lawlor pushed the fight
ing and seemed to have it all his own way
after the rst round. The judges decided
in favor of Lawlor.
The heavy-weight contest between James
I>rew of the Acme and James Ford of the
Phmnix Athletic Club of San Francisco
was awarded to Ford, although the judges
disagreed.
During the evening George T. Loner of
the Acme "Wheelmen was presented with a
handsome gold badge on behalf of the
club. Mr. Loher has lately returned from
a trip to New York on his wheel. He left
here August 11, 1595. and rode to New York
: y the northern route, a distance of 4351
miles, in eleven weeks.
Left a Rich Estate.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 14.-Public Ad
ministrator W. H. Knight was to-day
granted special letters of administration,
r.pon application of Benjamin P. \Vool
ner, upon the estate of J. M. D. Green,
who died this morning at the residence of
a friend on Castro street. Green was 65
years old, a native of Massachusetts. He
owned valuable mines in Idaho and New
Mexico and had a considerable sum of
money on deposit in local banks. Owing
to business connected with the estate
which needs immediate attention special
letters were granted.
"Will Be Tried Thursday.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— The case of
Edward McFadden, who was indicted by
the Grand Jury on charges of returning
false school census returns in Alumeda
two years ago, will come up for trial next
Thursday. The prosecution has subpenaed
a large number of witnesses for the case.
The charges were very closely investigated
by the Grand Jury at the time. After Mc-
Fadden was indicted he disappeared, and
was at last found and arrested in San
Francisco, but was released on bonds.
The Cohen Assessments.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— Judge Frick
has granted until March 3 to have the case
of Emily Cohen against the city of Ala
meda submitted. The suit was brought in
resistance of the payment of street-open
ing assessments in Alamedaon the ground
of illegalit\\ The (Sty opened a street
through the Cohen property and the
owners objected to paying their pro rata
of the assessment, raising among other
points the objection that the tax had not
been equitably levied.
Will Appeal the Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Lincoln 8. Church served
Attorney Nagle, counsel for Louis 8.
Muhlner, with notice of appeal from the
decision of Judge Frick, granting,a new
trial on the ground that he was convicted
of manslaughter when the evidence
showed that he was guilty of murder if of
any crime. The Supreme Court will be
asked to set aside the decision of Judge
FricK, '.:;::
Bill Held fur Murder.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— Benjamin
L. Hill was arraigned in the Police Court
this morning on a charge of murder, De
tective Denny Holland swearing to the
complaint, w"hich charged him guilty of
the murder of Agnes Hill. The examina
tion is set for Friday afternoon next at 1
o'clock.
Her Mother's Guardian.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— Mrs. Kate
Kirkham Wh-eler was to-day appointed
guardian of her mother, the widow of the
late General Ralph W. Kirkham, by Judge
Greene. Kirkham Wright, the attorney for
the estate of General Kirkham, stated that
Mrs. Kirkham had asked that a guardian
be appointed, as she was unable through
ill health, occasioned by old age, to trans
act the business devolving upon her. Mrs.
Wheeler's bond is $11G,503. .
Election of Bank Officers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— annual
election of officers of the. California B3iik
will taKe place next Saturday afternoon.
It is not expected that there will be any
radical change in the board of directors,
but it is probable that Jacob Greenhood
will retire from the presidency, to be suc
ceeded by D. Eclwara Collins. The latter
has been active in the affairs of the bank
since Mr. Greenhood's illness, which began
two weeks ago.
Tried to Rob His Friend.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 14. - Michael
Giger, an elderly German, was held to
answer in the Police Court this afternoon
on a charge of attempting to rob Fred
Wagner, one of his friends, who was
drunk. Wagner knew nothing of the
affair, but Policeman Keefe testified, that
he saw Giger trying to go through the
former's pockets outside of a Broadway
saloon.
McClond Reinstated,
•OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. H.— William Mo-
Cloud was reinstated in the police depart
ment this afternoon. A resolution was
passed by the board stating that his for
mer sentence of dismissal was too severe,
and that be be suspended from June 18 of
last year until further notice. This is a
victory over ex-Chief Schaffer, who op
posed'the reinstatement.
Committed to Agnews.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— Mary Nolte,
25 vcars old, was to-day sent to Agnew.
She" labors under tho delusion that young
men enter her room at night, notwith
standing the fact that her door is locked.
Miss Nolte has a sister in an insane asy
lum in Indiana.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alnineda Connty Happenings Told in
Biief Chapters.
Oaklaxd Office San Fraxcisco Call.j
008 Broadway, Jan. 14. j
Nearly 100 inqiiries have been received in
regard to the $10,000 of bonds to be issued by
San I.eandro tor the putting in of a municipal
lighting plant.
William Clark was held this afiernoon on
two charges of criminally assaulting some
little girls in East Oakland. Bonds were tixed
in each case at
An autopsy in the case of Mrs. Pauline Schu
bert of West Berkeley, who died suddenly Sun
day morning, showed that death was due to a
clot of blood on the brain.
The motion to strike out parts of the com
plaint in the suit of Fred Adams to annul his
marriage with. Mrs. Anita Day-Adams has gone
over until next Monday.
The Theodore Gier Company has been in
corporated. The capital stoct "is $100,000, of
which $3000 is subscribed in Minos of $500
each by Theodore Gier, Albert Kayser, Krnest
Kriech, August Welauder and \V. F. Strom
burg.
The regular monthly meeting of the Alameda
County Christian Enaeavor Union will be held
ai ihe'V. M. C. A. Monaay evening. I twill be
of more than usual importance, as at that time
the location of the March convention will De
decided upon. '
Oscar Abrahams, a Pan Francisco ship car
penter, jumped ircm a narrow-gauge train at
the Ipyarda yesterday afternoon, and fell,
breaking his nose and inflicting several minor
i injuries. He -fls treated by Dr. J. P. Dunn at
the Receiving Hospital.
The board of directors of the Associated
'linritieH met at 413 Tenth street last evening.
Miss G. H. Playter and B. <-. Dick resigned on
account of be ins; out of Oakland. Ex-Super
j visor 1). C. Brown and ex-Councilman Anson
Barstow were elected in their places. .
The first of a course of modern art lectures
by Wilbur A. Reaser, under the auspices of the
Eoell Society, will be given at 3 r. m. on Thurs
day, January 1»5. Mr. Reaser will take for his
subject "One Summer in the Footsteps of
Daubigny." The lecture will be . illustrated
with studies of Daublgny's models and sketches
in Anvers-sur-Oise, the painter's home.
Owing to the recent depredations in and
about the Second Congregational Church.
Special Officer Lufkins' head was jeopardizad
ly Chief Lloyd. Charges were filed, stating
trie oflicer was Incompetent, as he could not
locate the thieves and intruders. At last Luf
kins fastened the crime on a crowd of younir
hoodlums in the vicinity, and the charge's were j
withdrawn.
The preliminary examination of H. C.Boman
on the charge of assaulting Mrs. Montgomery
with a cane was concluded in the Police Court
this morning. There was considerable con
flict of testimony, and Judge Wood continued
the case until to-morrow tv obtain expert tes
timony from physicians as to whether Mrs.
Montgomery's injuries could have been caused
by falling, as claimed by the defense.
ALAMEDA'S CITY HALL
Municipal Officers to Take Formal
. Possession on the 30th of
. January.
The Very Prosperous Showing of
Alameda's Financial Insti
. tutions.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— 1t ha 3 been
decided to open the new City Hall for public
inspection January 28, and to take formal
possession January 30. The first meeting of
the municipal council will be held therein
Monday evening, February 3. There will
be appropriate ceremonies at the opening.
The chairmen of the Boards of City Trus
tees, Education, Health and Library Trus
tees, together with the City Glerk, consti
tute a committee having the matter in
hand. On the 30th a programme of suituble
exercises will be carried out. Addresses
will be delivered, and. city officials will
make suitable response?. "There will be
music, and officials will enjoy a banquet
in the big room prepared for the public
library, but which, since tho Library Trus
tees refused to move Into it, is to be vacant.
Alameda'a Banks.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— share
holders of the Bank of Alameda and the
Alameda Savings Bank have held their an
nual election and chot-cn the following
boc-rd of director: 11. R. Thompson, li.
Sevcning, Joseph Knowland, Linder
niann, Georgo H. Payne, Columbus Bart
lett and F. VV. Van Sicklen. The only
change made in the directory that F.
W. Van Sicklen succeeded D. L. Randolph
who had disposed of his considerable blocL I
of stock and withdrawn from the bank
management. The directors elected the
following officers: President, Henry Sev
ening; vice-president, Doll Linderman;
cashier and secretary, J. E. Baker; assist
ant cashier, Charles E. Tabor, The in
crease in deposits in the savings bank was
$114,374 84, making a total of $602,562 84.
There were opened during the year 550
new accounts, making a total of 2796. The
deposits in the commercial bank aggregate
$229,712 51.
I-O8» for Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— death
of Hugh Dimond, the Fruitvale capitalist,
is likely to prove a considerable, loss to
Alameda. Mr. Dimond recently pur
chased the southeast corner of Lincoln
avenue and Park street, a corner that was
brought into ereat business' prominence
by the recent moving and permanent rc
establishment of the main depot of the
broad-gauge railroad. On this corner- he
was planning to erect a fine business block
which wonhi have been of great advantage
and benefit to that part of the city. This
improvement is now likely to be greatly
delayed, if not permanently postponed.
>'ot a Fair Show.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 14.— A letter has
been received by the City Trustees from
the Sterling Supply Company complaining
that the plans adopted for additional
machinery to the electric plant do not ad
mit of fair competition. The claim is
made that the specifications are so drawn
that they 'do not sdmit of any bidding
upon any apparatus except the Westing
ho'.ise. The manager or the protesting
company was present and voiced his pro
test as well as wrote it. No action was
taken upon it, however, and toe letter was
filed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
DEATH OF HUSH DIMOND
A Pioneer of '50 Who Took the
Basis of a Fortune From
the Earth.
WAS THE FOUNDER OF DIMOND.
His Ventures in Mariposa, San Fran
cisco and Fruitvale Were All
Successful.
Oaklakd Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 14. \
Hugh Dimond, a pioneer of '50 and one
of the best known among the early settlers
THE LATE HUGH IH.MOND.
[From a photograph.]
I of Alameda County, died at his home at
! r ruitvale last night. The cause of his
death was heart disease.
Mr. Dimond was born sixty-six years
(ago in County Kerry, Ireland, and when
tut 14 years of age he took up his residence
jin New York. According to the custom of
i that time he served an apprenticeship and
when he was 19 he was a skilled mechanic.
j At that age the gold fever broke out in
j California and Hugh Dimond at once
j struck out for the West. He sailed from
i New York on the Cherokee and came to
J San FYanoisco by way of Panama, enter
j ing the Golden Gate on June S2, 1800.
After securing 3n outfit the young pio
neer went et once to Mariposa and en
tered on the active life of a miner.
Being an expert machinist and a.
young man of heavy weight and great
strength, he met with success, and at the
end of two years he had a handsome sur
plus in hand. He then entered into a nart
nership with C. D. O'Sullivan and W. F.
Cashman and opened a general store. It
proved as profitable as a gold mine, and
the firm made money at a lively rate. In
1862 the firm removed from Mariposa to
San P'rancisco and opened up a wholesale
liquor business under the name of O'Sul
livan, Cashman <t Co., Mr. D.mond being
the ''Co." The firm was successful,
and large profits were made. It remained
in existence for many years, and its suc
cessor to-day is the wholesale house of
Shea, Bocoueraz «fc Co. of 527 Front street.
In ISG7 Mr. Dimond purchased a iar^ r e
tract of land at Fruitvale and at once made
j his residence on this side of the bay. At
! that time the district was an open country
with very few' settlers, but Mr. Dimond
cultivated his purchase and finally settlers
built elegant residences and a few years
ago the suburb took the name of Dimond
and a postoltice was established there.
The investment proved a very valuable
one and when it was subdivided the owner
added largely to his wealth.
In 1872 Mr. Dimond was married to Miss
Ellen Sullivan, who died in April. 1877,
leaving three children, Nellie, Hugli S.
and Dennis S. For several years Mr. Di
mond has not been in active business, but
has been a large speculator.
He was one of the earliest stockholders
in the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
and has been a director for many years.
He attended a meeting of the society yes
terday afternoon and was taken suddenly
ill at the bank, but recovered sufficiently
to go home. After dinner he was again
seized with heart disease and expired'two
j hours later. The interment will be in
i Mount Calvary cemetery.
WILL PLACE THE POLES
The Berkeley Electric Lighting
Company Won't Fight
the Town.
Two Daring Burglaries— Meeting of
the Town Board— Ward Boun
daries—Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 14.— The new
management of the Berkeley Electric
Lighting Company will at once place on
the streets of Berkeley the twenty arc
I'ghts ordered by the Town Trustees last
November and which the company, under
it? old management, refused to supply, on
the ground that the company's contract
with the town does not provide that the
company should make extensions of the
town-lighting system.
John A. Britton, who is now president
of the company, addressed the Town
Trustees last night in regard to the new
lights and asked for an extension of time
in which to introduce the lights. The re
quest was granted, and the new lights will
be up by the middle of March.
Tlie extension of the lighting eystem
that is about to be commenced will require
about 900 new poles and will cost between
13000 and $4000", according to Mr. Britton's
figures.
The new lights aro to be placed at the
Intersections of the following streets:
Fftirview and Adeline, Alcatraz avenue and
Calais, Rnssell and Ellis, S«TI Pablo avenue and
Folger, Parker and Gfur.t, Blfike and Black
stonc, San P«».blo and Stuart, San Pnblo and
Dwight way, Sen Pablo and Hopkins, San Pablo
and Oilman, Bancroft way and Third, Ohan
ning way and Ninth, Bristol and £i?iith,
Holyote and Fourth, Curtis and Bay, Ashby
avenue and Fulton, Shattuok avenue and
Caricton, Essex and Wheeler, Adeline and
Stuart, College avenue and Stuart. ;
Two Bold Kurglnries.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 14.— Two bur
glaries were committed at East Berkeley
station early this morning. The cigar
store of George H. Strieker and the candy
and icecream parlors of W. C. Mason were
entered, the burglar evidently being the
sanir. in both cases.
Entrance was effected from the rear of
Strieker's establishment. The burirlar en
tered Strieker's rear yard from a vacant
lot off Center street. A brace and bit
were used on the doors of_ the places en
tered, a hole about four inches in diam
eter being made near the handle. The
burglar v/as able to put a hand through
the hole and unlock the doors from the
inside.
About .$.35 was secured from Mason's
place of business and two boxes of cicars
were taken from Strieker's store.
There i 3 no clew to indicate the per
petrator or perpetrators of the robbery.
Town frosteM M<>*t.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 14.— The regu
lar meeting of the Town Trustees was held
laat night. Tho matter of the proposed
new entrance to the university grounds
wa* discussed and a resolution vras passed
commending tho project, advocating the
construction at Center street and pledging
the town authorities of Bei^eieyto aid
the regents of the university in" the en
forcement of such rnles as may be mado
for the use of the entrance. ..V,
A statement was received from Town
Clerk Hanscom showing the receipts and
expenditures of the municipal govern
ment from May 20, 1393, to January 8, 1896.
A protest of L. Alkalay against the
assessment of his property, near Dwight
way and Prospect street, "for grading and
macadamizing of Dwieht way wits over
ruled after a sharp discussion between
Town Engineer Huggins and Mr. Aikalay,
the latter claimingthat the *.york had not
been done accordine to the official grade.
Ward and I'recinct Uoundnries.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. IL— A compli
cation of ward and precinct boundaries
has arisen in Berkeley by reason of the
changes in the boundary lines of some of
the wards made by the new charier.
Wards 1 and 3 were formerly divided
from G and 7 by Grant street, which was
also the dividing line of the precincts for
local or State elections. The ward divid
ing line was moved west six blocks to Sac
ramento street by the new charter, but the
precinct for State or Supervisorial elections
remains the same.
Tho wards as defined in the new charter
are each a precinct for trie coming special
elections, so that some .residents of the
charter precinct 1 or 3 who register therein
are in danger of losing their votes in Su
pervisorial or tienatoral elections. They
are in nrecincts 1 and according to Berke
ley's municipal law, but not according to
the boundaries as lixed for State and
county elections.
A special committee of the County Board
of Supervisors is now investigating the
difficulty.
Increase of. StndenJg.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 14.— Recorder
of the Faculties James Button stated to
day that the increase of new students thi3
term over that last would be about sixty,
the greatpr part of whom are specials.
The work of registration was completed
yesterday and active work begun to-day.
Gleo Club Upturns.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 19.— The U. C.
Glee Club returned to Berkeley this morn
ing from its concert tonr through Stock
ton, Chico, Marysvilie and Sacramento.
The members report having had an unu
sually successful trip, both tinaucially and
socially. t .-. -■:-_ :r.\
. ♦— <• — •■ — ■
A LAST PROTEST.
The Blythe Company Objects to tho
IMslribution to Mrs.
Hinekley.
The Blythe Company has filed an answer
and protest to tiie application of Florence
Blythe Hinekley for distribution of the
estate. The answer denies all the allega
tions made in the petition; denies that
Florence Blythe was the child of Thomas
Blythe, or that lie ever abopted' her, or
that she is entitled to his money, or that
anything ever alleged in her favor has tho
least semblance of truth in it.
The protest was made by Mr. Hollnday,
attorney for the company, before Judge
Coffey yesterday, but his protest was
denied. He took an exception. The petU
tion will corde before the court to-morrow.
To Send Home the Sick.
. From Surgeon-General Wyman of the United
States Marine Hospital Service a telegram was
received yostcrJay detaitinp Assistant Surgeon
Rupert Blue to Inspect immigrants arriving at
this port us to their physical health. In' case
of immigrants being found affected with dan
gerous disease their deportation is to be
orderedt
FAIR IS NOT FIRE CHIEF
Forty-Seven Petitions Presented
in Favor of Camp
bell.
CREATE A GOOD IMPBESSION.
It Is Thought That the Commissioners
Will Ultimately Give the
Position to Campbell.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 14. \
The expected change in the head of the
Fire Department was not made this after
noon. Just previous to the meeting Com
missioner Peirsol said that if William H.
Fair were not appointed to-day he could
not be appointed at all, as it looks as .if
Fair's chance was very different from his
name.
When the Board of Fire Commissioners
met they were confronted with a pile of
forty-seven communications, all of which
were read by Clerk Spaulding. Without
exception they asked the board to appoint
Fred A. Campbell to the position of Chief
of the Fire Department. The letters were
evidently a surprise to the Commissioners,
and as the letters were from men whose
standing and motives could not possibly
bo questioned, the two Commissioners,
Wilson and Peirsol, held a short consulta
tion and no action was taken. The com
munications were written by the following
men, who represent over $0,000,000 worth
of property :
C. W. Kinsey, Xathan Kosenberg, .1. A. Hill,
U. Hyman, William T. Gibbs, L. O. Cole, Dr. A.
.1. Russell, \Y. 1). Moody. F. K. Shattuck, K.
Htishell, William Moller, Bros., Jonas
liros., Eli S. Denison, W. B. Hardy, Ire I
Becker, If. Sehee'.ine, George L. Fish, J. S.
Myers, Webb N. Tierce, George Samuels, James
A.Joyce. F. 11. <;irara, Miu-k Weblier, Ferin I).
Hind--, H. I>. F.lift.-on, James Wallace, D. C.
Brown, J. Tyrrell, Kereovicli Bros., John War
ner, George W. Austin, A. C. Henry, William i\
Jones, Ml*. Iffj K. Blake, E. P. Gray, J. Letter,
Al Wood <k Bro., Georsre Taylor, Joseph Harris,
J. H. O'Brien. W. M> Watsoft, lntrler & Co., If.
Alexander, H. O. Trowbridge, E. M. Long, C.
Itasea, James Hill.
As Wilson and Peirsol have given out
that their only desire in the matter is to
appoint an efficient man it would seem as
if Mr. Campbell should get the position.
A synopsis of the letters shows that he has
lived in Oakland all his life and has never
tasted a drop of liquor. His long insur
ance experience has made him familiar
\viihlh« manner of constructien of every
building in the city, and James Hiil, who
is an ex-chief of the Fire Department, tes
tiiics that when Campbell was 3 fireman
under him he was one of the ablest men in
the department.
"William EL Fair is a well-known South
ern Pacific engineer who left the railroad
at the time of the strike. He has had no
experience in the Fire Department and |
was not heard of till his candidacy was
made known a few days ago. He has
strong indorsements as an experienced and |
able engineer and has lived in Oakland
nearly ail his life.
As Wilson and Peirsol wore both nomi
nated by the llepublican party it is said
they owe a debt of gratitude to Campbell.
as lie was chairman of the City Central
Committee that named the delegates to
the convention, as no primaries were held.
Much has been saia lately about this
political debt, and it. is stated that the
Commissioners were at one time some
what disposed to pay it. Now that Fair's
chance, according to Commissioner Peir
sol, has gone, the wishes of the Oakland
and San Francisco underwriters will proba
bly be complied with.
"We are only attending to the insurance
business," said one of the writers of the
letters to-night, "and care not a fig for
politics. Of course, we know that to the
victors belong the spoils and that to the
friends of the administration belons the
offices; but the Fire Department is differ
ent from all other branches of the city
government. It means millions of dollars
put in peril if an incompetent man be
placed In charge. We are satisfied with
Chief Lawton and would not have asked
for a change, but the board seems deter
mined upon one, so we want to see another
competent man there. .Mr. Fair is no
doubt an able engineer, nnd is not a poli
tician, but Campbeil is a fireman and has
a practical knowledge of the work and is
acquainted with the construction of all the
large buildings of the city. If there is to
be a change, from a purely business stand
point, we want to see Campbell put in, and
I think Commissioners Wilson, PeirsoL
and Davie wiil do well if they decide on
that choice."
Guardian of Eight Children.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Jan. 11.— Mrs. Lydia
Prescott., agent for the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children,
hiis applied for letters of guardianship
upon Rebecca Thompson, aged 11, Jacob
Thompson, aged 7, and Itutti Thompson,
a<rcd 3 years, their father. Israel Thomp
son, beine in the County Infirmary, and
unable to care for them; also, upon Rosa
Mcnueman, a 14-year old girl, who has no
mother and who refuses to live with her
father; also, upon Annetta and Theresa
Pajot, 13 and 11 years, orphans, and for
Eva Deil and George Deil, aged 8 and 6
year*, whose father and mother are sep
arated, the latter being charged with mal
treating and abandoning the children.
Bound Over for Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— Thomas
Ward, who made a murderous attack upon
a number of Chinamen near Sunol re
cently, severely wounding one of them,
had his preliminary examination at
Pleasanton to-day, tie was defended by
C. Barber of San Francisco, but no testi
mony In his behalf was presented. The
court held Ward for trial in bonds of ?300\
tTolin Caskie Insane.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 14.— John Caskie,
a dry-goods clcru, went suddenly insane
to-night at his home on Franklin street.
He is a married man. At 7 o'clock to
night he astonished his relatives by de
claring that he was blind. He thencom
meuccd to break up the furniture. He
was sent to the County Jail.
NEW TO-DAY.
Beneficial Effects
immediate
are and lasting
THE IDEAL TONIC
Prevents Waste
ids Digestion
Fortifies Body and Mind
j . Mailed Free. |
{ Descriptive Book with Testimony and :
! Portraits 1
: OF NOTED CELEBRITIES. \
I | -r- !■■■■■■!■
Jieneficiat and, Arireenhlc.
■ . Every I'cst J'roves Reputation,
ATOldSnhstitHtlous* Asbfor'VinMariani.'
r - At l)rn.isists and Fauc; Grocers.
MARIANI & CO.,
Pa«« :<j Bd. nmiiMriM .BS W. 15th St., Yorl.
Lo«Do.f ! S'J Oxloro gtreeW ,
NEW TO-DAY-AUCTION SALES.
YOUR fog*
EYE • N jt
ON THIS mBHk
AND REMEMBER IHi
... • THAT ON . .
THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896,
IP YOU WILL CALL AT OUR OFPICE YOU WILL SEB
THE BIGGEST
AUCTION = SALE
OF CHOICE
REAL ESTATE
IT HAS EVER BEEN YOUR GOOD FORTUNE TO WITNESS.
we ARE QOINO to sell by ORDER OF the
PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT COMPANY
IN SUBDIVISIONS :
280 feet Market-street frontage, near Twelfth.
150 feet Valencia-street frontage, near Hermann.
259 feet Mission-street frontage, near Twelfth.
150 feet Twelfth-street frontage, near Market.
1 000 feet on adjacent streets.
LOT 140x295 SW. CORNER FIFTEENTH AND VALENCIA,
In large and small subdivisions.
All of the above property Is producing a ground rental. No long leases. Rents low. Can
be increased.
Lot 48x90, NW. corner Seventeenth and Castro sts.,
And five lots, each 27:6x85. N. side Waller, E. of stanyan.
1 ERi^LS 25 PER CENT CASH,
* *^»V T *»-' BALANCE 1, 2 AND 3 YEARS.
BALDWIN & HAfinOND,
AUCTIONEERS - 10 MONTGOHERY STREET.
AUCTION!
TO-MORROW,
THURSDAY .JANUARY 16, 189G,
AT IS M., BY
YON RHEIN 4 CO.,
-£Lt Salesroom,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.,
We Will Se:i by Order of
HON. ADOLPH SUTRO,
MAYOR OK SAN FRANCISCO,
That portion of Misson block 48 bounded by 15th,
16th, Harrison and Folsom. belonging to the City,
fronting about 63 feet on 16th and 123 feet on Har-
rison; depths irregular; diagrams at our office; 10
per cent of purchase price to be paid to the auc-
tioneer: remainder on acceptance of bid by Mayor
Sntro; who reserves the right to reiect any and all
bids.
UNDER PRIVATE ORDERS.
Brannan and Bluxome Street Lots.
100x120— S. line of Brannan st., 200 feet W. of
4th: also
50x120— N. line of Bluxome st., 250 W. of 4th.
To be sold as a whole or in lots.
Rents SIS 4 ; Folsom, Shotwell and 17th,
: 245x140— As a whole or in lots— Entire N. front
of 17th, bet. Kolsom and Shotwell, fronting 140 oij
Kolaom and Shotwell. with funk factory leased at
$140 to September, 1897, and 4 cottages on fol-
som st. " v.J.
Cor. Stockton and Clay; Rent 9187.
69:8x63:9— 5E. cor. Clay and Stockton sts.
55:10x63:9— K. line of Stockton; 81:8 S. of
Clay: the whole covered by Chinese stores and
dwellings, paying at greatly reduced rents $187
per month.
Page, near Market ; Rents S7O.
27:6x120-117-119 Patre and 126-12«Va Rose
avc, \V. of Goagb: IV2 blocks from Market; mod-
ern improvements; rents reduced from 9120.
Sacramento-St. Cor. Cheap; Rent SI 6.
30x46— 9"9 Sacramento: SW. cor. of Prospect
place, above S.ockton; both streets accepted.
Natoma, het. 3d and New Montgomery.
20x70— 140 Natoma; front and rear house; rent
$30; sure to increase in value.
BS. Cor. California and 21st Aye.
', 57:6x100— A fine corner; sopeTb marine view;
equally desirable location for business or dwell-
ings.
22d, Residence, Near Guerrero.
i 25x114—741 22d; 7 rooms and bath ; the house
i is in need of repairs, but with a moderate outlay
can be made to rent for $30.
17 tli, near Howard; Rent 849.
1 25x100-214 17th, bet. Howard and Capp; rents
$49; laundry pays $35 and has lease. ;.> r.
Noe and Henry Street Lot.
I UsxBo each— 2 lots E. line of Noe, running 25-
-feet 8. of Henry; 1 block from Market.
25x75— s. line of Henry, 80 feet. B. of Noe; 1
block from Market.
LIPOTAI /~X
Chinese Tea and Herb Lfi J
■ Sanitorinra, S^^Hf
NO. 727 Washington St., \^ a
San Francisco, Cal. \Sr 7 '
i ' Cor. Brenhwn Place* abort ft*s,fi» A
tbepl&xa. . ' V*ftfc^
Office Hours: »to 12. <-^^ t& imS^\
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- •^p*?
day, 9 A.M. to 13 M. ,
Li Po Tal Jr., son of the famous Li Pj
Tal, has taken his father's buslnasa,
and Is, after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locate ana
treat all diseases. *
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY JANUARY 21, 1896
At 12 o'clock Xoojr
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
Rxsx'asiEt.sxi sale.
A GRAND PIECE OF BUSINESS
PROPERTY.
North L,iue of Golden Gate Avenue,
137:6 Feet "West of Leaventvorth St.
This large piece of splendid business property U
on the north line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:8
feet west of Leaven worth street, only 'wo blocks
from Market street and ope bloctc from the City
Ilallr Hlbernia Savings Hank and the Murphy
buildtn«r. Improvements, four residences. This i*
a magnificent piece of property to improve with' a
building for public or society halls, or modern
Irene h flats with stores b*lo\v. Improvements or
such character would pay largely on the invest-
ment. Car accommodation in every direction.
olden Gats avenue bitumlnized. Lan*p lot. HO-8
x 137:6 feet, with large L in the reax. 22x54:6 feet.
For diagram of the property see catalogue.
lerms: Cash in gold eotn of the United
States; 10 percent at time of sale to the reterse:
balance on conttrmutiou of sale by the Superior
Court. Deed at purchaser's expense. Second in-
stallment of taxes for fiscal year 1895 and 1896 to
be paid by the bnyer. Rents to bo adjusted be-
tween buyer and geller when the deed ia passed.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPER
i South Side (No. 411) of Post. 113:4 Feet
West of Powell Street.
This handsome piece of downtown business prop-
; erty is in tlie very center of onr business district,
and its fotnre high rank as rental property is be-
yond controversy. Kxamine this tor an invest-
ment. Itents .? tfl 50. J.ot yj:-'.\6l feet.
INVESTMENT PKOrKRTY.
SW. Corn.>r Baker and Grove Streets.
This elegant improved corner comprises three
very liari<l-u>ms bay-windowed, residences often
rooms and bath each. Nos. 4j-l, 423 and -f.'s Ba-
k»r street. ■ .Modern improvements: eiezaat sur-
ronn'linßS. Itents $150 pf-r month. Only two
blocks irom Uotdtn Gate lark, nnd on the Krone
I driveway, to gainK Choicest residence location in
the city. Blecttlc and cable cars. tlMago corner
lot, S-':tjxlOO feet.
ELKI-AXT INVESTMENT-MISSION.
9E. Con«I of Capp anil Adair Sl*., bet.
i 15th and l«th, Howard and Mixsion.
This handsome bay-windowed modern property
consists of store and three French flats of a*veD,
, six and four rooms and batb. Electric appliances,
etc. Produi-inif a rental of $91 per month. Ba«Kt
blocks In streft; cement stone walk. Electric and
cable cars. Corner lot, 25x75 feer.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North Line (No. 1930) of Pino. 22:11 feet
Kast of I>ag;m;i Street.
Pretty bay-windowed residence ot eight rooms,
and bath. California, Sacramento and Smter
cables. K.\amlne<liis lora home, Must soid.
Lot 22:11x91:8 sect.
CASTKO lIEIGIITS-COTTAGE.
South Side (No. 533) of .Jersey, 160 feet
£agt of i.'i unoiid Street.
Pretty cottage of four rooms and bath; bay-win-
dowed; brxk foundation; pleasant surroundings;
Twenty-fourth electric and Casiro-3:reet cable.
Lot Hx 114 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE Jt CO.,
638 Market utreet. Auciioii»»>»r«.
1 """""""' '•
snllVC VfUl ■™c Torotvt, PimpJe3, Copperflß
,^IA7£ YJJ Colored Spots. Ac'ios, Old B«r«,gl
i£?U)e?rr< In Uouth, Halr-l-'aJUngi V.'rlte OCILEH
'*|i*i:»rE2JX CO., 807 Z:a«oolc TcmplcM
i^Chicapro, 1.:., tor pro«Cs of cures. Cupl-BD
'■ft{ tal. B£OO,OOO. T>'orzt care 3 currd in ICJB
CS daya. 100-poge book free. .Kfl
1314
TO OBSERVE THE ECLIPSE
The University Regents Will
Send a Party to
Japan.
EEINSTEIN ON IMPROVEMENTS.
The Students to Beautify the Grounds.
Scene: A Footballist Bucking a
Heavy Wheelbarrow.
The Board of University Regents met
yesterday at the Hopkins Art Institute on
rll ::i street, and among the principal
matters considered was a proposed scien
tific expedition to Jar>an to observe the
solar eclipse. It was stated to the board
that Regent C. F. Crocker had generously
volunteered to pay all the steamship fares
of a corps of astronomers from the Mount
Hamilton Observatory. The scene of the
totality of the eclip«e would be on the
casters shore of the most northern island
of the Japanese group, far from civiliz
ation, aud the expedition would have to
taloe its own supplies. The expedition
will be in charge of Professor Shaeberle,
assisted by Dr. L. G. Mastin of the Lick
Observatory and Dr. iJurekhalter of the
Oakland schools.
The observers from Mount Hamilton
will pa^' their own expenses, other than
the fare's , nut those of Dr. Burckhalter, he
not beiu, t R salaried tftate employe, will
bave to t • paid from the university fund.
The Japanese Government has promised
to supply an interpreter, and otherwise
assist the 5 ■:irty while pursuing its labors
in the empire. The expedition will use
instruments from Mount Hamilton, with
the exception of a 40-foot lense, which
n;ust be i>ui chased for the occasion, it not
being ad vis ible to take the one now in
usa at the observatory. A special instru
ment for photographing the soiar corona
and a new m Utiod of developing the pic
tures thus ta. ten will also be used by the
observers.
The party wi 11 leave for Japan about
•June and be on the ground to observe the
eclipse August 1 .
The matter of using the $1000 in the uni
versity students' fee fund for the purpose
of paying the ezi ensesof professors visit
ing the various n igh schools of the State
introduced by Regent Black. He
Mated that no oi ier money was at their
disposal for t at 0 »ject and it could not be
better expended. R egent Hallidie strongly
sed the plan en the plea that the
university, iik^ 01 her institutions, was
feeling the pinch of hard times ami tue
money was needed for other purposes. A~
chairman o! the linance committee he!
knew that about $40^000 was, already over
drawn from the apportionment of the
various departments :ind some retrench- j
jnent would not be a l>u<i idea.
Regents Wallace and Rodgers spoke
strongly in lavorof using tue $1000 for the
1I!l;!i School visits. l?he former held that
the deiicit was no! 'i matter of concern to I
the regents. It was t be ir duty to expend j
money needfully, and by so doing ex- '
pand * tne university. The State de- j
manded it and the people were behind ;
them. It would not do io let it go abroad i
that the University of California was ■
• 1 for want of money to carry on its j
work. Regent .Ko<lger* held that no
means of co-operation between the univer
sity and the High Schools should be
checked. Rather let the salaries of some
of the officials b? cut down.
A vote whs taken with nine in favor and
three — Hallidie, Crocker and Phelps — vot
ing against the motion.
immunication was read from Gov
ernor Budd that he refused to order the
State Controller to draw his warrant for
one-half of the attiliated colleges appro
priation, on the ground that the plans
ana specifications of the building had not
been drawn, and to use any of the appro
priation would be un Lawful. The warrant
must be in payments ;tnd for payments,
ai'.d not in contemplation of future pay
ments under a future contract, rie ad
vised bis brother regents to institute a
friendly suit to determine their rights in
the premises.
In relation to lighting the university
grounds and library at ni^ht Regent Rein
stein stated that (1000 had been con
tributed by four gentlemen in this City for
the library, and the same sum by tie citi
zens of Berkeley for illuminating the
campus. The university baa its own en
gines and electrical machinery, and those
stuns would be i mple for putting up poles
and wiring the two places, as well as pay
inc the running expenses of the present
scholastic term. The wages of an en
gineer and the fuel would be the only out
lay after the plant was complete, and
probably the students from the depart
ment of electrical engineering could take
turn about in handling the machinery.
"I>o you think a student could run" that
machinery?" asked the doubting Regent
Hallidie.
"( hardly know how much a university
engineer knows about an engine."
answered Reinstein, "but I imagine he
should get to be a capable fellow some
time in his school career in that depart
ment."
A committee was appointed to becin the
work of wiring trie library and grounds.
The question of extending Center street
through the grounds caused considerable
discussion aruong the members of the
board. It will be remembered that Pro
fessors Hilgaro and Setchei, the botanists
of the State institution, violently opposed
this idea on the ground that the proposed
driveway would destroy the agricultural
gardens on Strawberry Creek, and a num
ber of beautiful and valuable oak trees in
the University I'arlc.
Regent Reinstein, who is the cham
pion of improvement on the board, stated
that the wnolesale destruction would not
be nearly so great as anticipated, and the
expense of laying out the new driveway
not cost over $7;>o, as only a couple
<>f wooden bridges would have to be built.
The gutters and some of the nicer work
would of course he done by experienced
workmen, hut the rough work, such as
grading, etc., would bo done hy the st.u
iients without expense to the State.
Regent Houghton like Hallidie was
pnmewhai incredulous about the students
"keeping up their lick" with pick and
c> hovel, even if their fathers did labor with
those historic tools in the days of '49. He
thought that it was well to put the young
athletes to some preliminary work around
the grounds, and test their endurance be
fore the regents took the contract of build
ing the driveway. Ho thought bucking
tne center in a football scrimmage was
more enjoyable to the ' Varsity man than
bucking v wheelbarrow full of" heavy dirt
along a soft grade.
MILITARY RIFLEMEN.
The Nationals of This City and the
Huu-aiian Guards to Shoot a
FriondJy Match.
The sharpshooters of the Nationals,
Companies C and G, are preparing for a
bijr rifie-malcli with the Hawaiian Nation
al <iuar>l. A tnonth or so ago Lieutenant-
Colonel J. H. Fisher of Honolulu was at
the Nationals' armory on Ellis street and
was discussing nfle-scores with the officers
when the matter of a friendly inter-repub
lic match was brought up. In a few min
utes the preliminaries were settled and
when Colonel Fisher returned to the Is
lands he carried in his pocket a challenge
ior such a match.
The terms were that each team should
consiatof fifty men and each man should
hre ten shots with military rifles at 200
yards. The last neainer from the Islands
brought an acceptance of the challenge.
iLacii team is to shoot on its own rauge on
February 9, and the first steamers out both
ways wiil carry the official scores properly
attested by the representatives of each
team.
The Hawaiian Guard has soo men to pick
the team of fifty from, and lrom what can
be learned a large number of these has
paid considerable attention to rifle shoot
ing. The Nationals, while not having so
many to choose from, have paid close at
tention to the rifle for years. The highest
record made by a team of fifty in this
State was by the Marysville militiamen
when they scored 2002 points.
On Monday evening the Nationals held
their annual distribution of prizes for
markmanshlp. Both companies turned
out in full force and enjoyed themselves
at the Ellis-street armory. The prizes, be
sides the medals, were all kinds of arti
cles from a box of soap to a fancy writing
desk. In all seventy-live prizes were dis
tributed.
The awards were made upon the best
seven scores of ten shots, possible 500.
The principal winners and their records
were as follows:
Champion class, C.Meyer, 323 points; first
class, Sereennt W. F. Fenn, 309; second class,
Captain .1. W. Dumbrell, 304; third class. Cor
poral J. K. Harrieklo, 302; fourth class, Private
W. F. Unfred, 282.
— — — » «
JOHNSON'S LEGAL FIGHTS
His I'roponolt y for Lotteries Has Run
Him Against State and Federal
Courts.
Joe Johnson, alias Thomas Upson, who,
a short time ago, was decoyed by Postal
Inspector Ersvin into n betrayal of nis use
of the mails in connection with his lottery
business, was before United States Com
missioner Heacock for a preliminary hear
ing yesterday. The point was raised,
however, that Unson had been convicted
by the State authorities for seliiner coun
terfeit lottery-tickets and sentenced to six
months' imprisonment. He had taken an
appeal, but the State Supreme Court de
cided against him. It was accordingly
urired on his behalf that no action could
be taken by the Federal judiciary until his
State sentence had been served. The mat
ter was taken under advisement by Mr.
Heacock until the 17th inst.
Upson tried to secure his release on a writ
of habeas corpus from the State Supreme
Court yesterday, but this was denied.
Dr. Keeney a Policeman.
Pr. James W. Keeney, ex-Health Officer and
stepson of Police Commissioner Alvord, was
secretly appointed a policeman at the meeting
of the Commissioners on December 18. His
duties wiil he to visit the sick of the force and
supply certificates exempting patrolmen from
duty "in proper cases. Dr. Keeney, it is said,
will not give up his general practice, although
the rules of the department state that "nil
members of the department shall devote their
whole time and attention to the business of
the department, and not follow any other
calling." The law also requires that they
shiiil wear the regular uniform when on duty.
The brass buttons will become Dr. Keeney's
style of manly bep.uty.
"Wanted for Forgery.
John T. Brennan of the Ssn Francisco Paving
Company swore out a warrant in Judge Con
la:;'s curt vestt-rdav for the arrest ot J? D. L.
Mcdnugney, on the charse of forgery. Mc
iiauKtiev lias been traced to Seattle. He was
;. ni by the company to ."-elicit contracts
for paving, ami forced ntimes so rs to get his
comtnisftion. McGaughey was recently tried
and acquitted for kiiliriß Dr. Plouf.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclaco Caix—
710 Market, street, open until 12 o'ciock every
ntgul in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery itreet,
corner day; open until 9:30 o'cliick.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 LarkiD street, open until 9:30 o'clock:.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mlsiion streets, «pen
until 9 o'clock.
JSIS Mission street, open unit! 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NUXItiC «>F JIKKTJ.NUS.
EJT^S 3 MISSION ■ LODGE, NO. 169, F. «
-*-■& and A. M. — failed meeting THIS £%.
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:3o^?^
o'clock. First degree. F»y order of tl:e/^^\
W. M. c. D. BL'.Mu l:. Be< retary.
titt^S* CROCKETT LODGE NO. 1S». F. •
-*-*'<t A. M.-Called meeting this £%.
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 "If
o'clock. D. 1. By order of the W. M. /V\
li. FOBTKISDE, Secretary.
BtTS= MOKSE LODGE N07267, I. . v «ujb»
B-^^ O. O. F. — Initiation T II I siV3»^.
(WEDNESDAY) BVKNING, Janu-sp<s£S=
ary 15. A full attendance reqoes'ted. -^//^^^
Visitors cordially invited. C. H. FICKE, N. G.
C. Bkind, Recording Secretary.
yrap» THE QUARTEkLY MEET- ZxZ
2*~-* 7 in? of the Scr^'ian-Montenegrin €u7?
L. and r.. Society will be held lil is unfSMm
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Jan. 15,gi?S^,'H
1896, n: 7:::0 p. M. at 10 California stfiShWW
All officers and members are earnestly EiJiJ3fert
requested to attend. Installation of olli- jWBHm
cers for the year lSViti. I'liics for non- V;HJjC-w
attendance will be strictlr enforced. By '•JEW'
order of P. l. VUCANttVICII, President.
Lazar S. Chi w.h-h. Secretary.
Sf^* THE RfcfGULAR MEETING OF THE
»-^ Bricklayers' Association will be held at
B'nal B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy street. THIS
(WEDNEBDAY) EVENING, January 15. Busi-
ness of great importance.
JOHN B. CAMPBELL, President.
Ejrr-js=« DUTCH MINING AND mTlling COM-
Br**'' pany— regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DUTCH MINING A ND MILL-
ING COMPANY wtU b» held at the ollice of the
company, rooms Nos. »j7 and (58, Stevenson build-
ing, southwest corner California and Montgomery
streets, San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the
21st day of January, 1896, at 2 o'clock r. M., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
lor the ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such other business as may be brought before the
meeting.
San Francisco, January 11, 1896.
G. TRITTENBACH, President.
M. Claussentus, secretary.
jjiF3s= PRESIDIO AND FERRIES It. k. co.-
***& The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will l>e heM at the otlice of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's i)l ace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
; January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
duriiiK the ensuin; year, and the transaction of
Ruch other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON. Secretary,
ollice— llll Union st., cornt-r Sharp's place, San
Francisco, Cal. ,
j^S= ANNUAL MEETING— THE.REGULAR
I*-*' annual meeting of stockholders of the
Ocranic Steamship Company wiil be held at the
Office of the company, 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on Tl"Ks[)A>, the 21nt day of
January. 1896. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
iS?~THE obphans hX
litr-jy orphans that were received Into St. Francis
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum since the last pub-
lication are as follows: Orphans— Amly Subaner,
aged 10 yrs.: Agnes Ash, 2 yrs.: Nellie liixon, 5
yr-.; Margaret Bn«hnell, 12 yr<.; Agnes Terry, 1
yr. Mary Ambrose, 10 days; Uosie Morris, 10 yrs.
Half-orphans— Maggie Sanchez, '.) yrs. ■ Susie San-
che/., 8 yrs.; Lillian Leakey, 5 yrs. : Meta Reeb 2
yrs.: Jennie Reeb, 9 yrs.: Roy Nevis, 5 yrs.; Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.; Mary Liston. 9 yrs.: Carrie
Myers, 10 yrs.: Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs. ; Margaret
Eisner. 6 mos.: Annie Miller, 2 yrs.: Josephine
Miller, 1 yr.: Mary Paucratic, 1 yr. ; Mary Snow-
enburg. 9 yrs.: Vera MarKs, 4yr3.; Agnes Muse,
11 yrs.; Nellie Lenard, 11 yrs.: Vergil Lenard. 10
yrs.: Henry Lenard, 3 yrs.: Joseph Haley, 8 yrs. ;
Thomas Haley, 2 yrs.; Lucretia Lenard, 6 yrs.;
Waller Lenard, 7 yrs.: William white, 2 wks.;
Peter Haley, 6 yrs. : Mary Jackson, ■ 1 yr. ; Louise
Digner, *i yrr..: Joseph Catchman, 4 yrs. : Laura
Catchman, fl yrs. : Agnes Catchman, 5 yrs. : Irene
Catchman. 7 yrs.; Agnes Lefevere, 9 yrs.; Gash'na
Montonia, '£ yrs.: Johnny Rice, 7 yrs.: George
Snowenherg, 7 yrs.: Joseph Snowenberg, 8 yrs.
Abandoned children— Lizzie Donlon, 3 yrs.: Mary
Doulon, 9 yrs. ■ .
QtEli" MRS. VESTA GOLDSMITH HAS RE-
W*JSr turned to 850 Market st., parlors 47 and 48.
jjjPgp" MISS FRANCES BERNHARD 177
S*^ s^ Sixth, room I— Genuine massage treatment.
apg?* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4.
K+£r Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montty gt.. room 6, Tel. 6580.
Jt'-Jp MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
I*^*^ 8, Kecond floor; genuine massage treatment.
Jp^=* CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
E*^ *ully treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurlme Baths.
It^g" l N DOWS CiJiANED AND FLOORS
»*- xr Bcrubbed, reasonable rates: payment , for
cnmn;es guaranteed. C. ROSSI <t CO.. 242 sntter.
HS£=* BOOMS WHITENED. $1 UP; PAPER-
"^-« y fd»3 50no. «17y Third. George Hartman.
f?iSpCORN.s REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
>*- t Chlropodlcjnstltute. room 9. 908 Market.
UTTS*. ABANDONED CIrfLDBEN ADMITTED
w-^ inio st. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
trom July 1,1894. until December 31,1895: Wil-
liam FiiiKtt-rlMi-.cn 5 years, James Doran 4 veara,
t- rac^ I<oran 2 years. Johannah Moesch 4 years,
Jirt Burke 6 years, Bessie Finsterbusch 3 years,
Ueorge Lombanl 4 years.
jjt^S' mrs. Wallace, 109 powell st.,
•^^ ipom 23 ; fc-enulue magnetic treatment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, ISSC.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
QEVEKAL SCANDINAVIAN AND GERMA t
O second girls, cooks and housework girls wan
work; city or country. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary au Phone (Jrant 185. ■
2 HOTEL WAITRESSES (SISTERS), HOI'KL
ironer, 3 hotel cooks, 4 hotel chambermuidn, all
want work city or country. Address C. R. HAN-
SLX & CO., lib Geary st. Phone Grant 185.
p ERMAN GIRL; R I V ED, DESIRES
vT place, children or housework: woman, plain
cook, $12; lirst-class cook, institution or private:
house girls, all nations. MMX. LEOPOLD. IsO
Stockton st.
ANTED— BY YOU.NO Ka.mAK.-. v uw.. a
positiou to do second or general housework:
flrst-class wages: references. Apply 257 Clemen-
tlna st., off Fourth. ' . .'.' •.*.-..
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY CONSCI-
-entious, economical young woman in a wid-
ower's family where there are children; reference
given and rpqulreq. Address S. S., box 106, Call.
L^LDERLY LADY WANTS A SITUATION;
XJ country or city; $10 or $I' 2 a month. 314
.1.-^!.-HI.
i^i MHjUIHwAQKIJ WOMAN, TO DO GEN-
XJ eral housework; thoroughly understands house-
work; city or country; is good cook. Call 369
Jessie st.
Scotch woman Wants A situation;
O city or country; good cook, baker and laun-
dress; references: nlso German cook and laundress
wants position or housework. Call 419 Minna si.
TjIIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS SITU^
-T ation. Call or address 124 Fifteenth st., near
Howard.
V OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE CHAMBER
-I v.-ork in a hotel or rooming-house. Address 437
O'Farrell st., room 24.
ITUATION WANTED J'.Y RESPECTABLE
O girl to do ireneral housework aud plain cook-
ing. Call at 27 Clinton st.
I ADY WANTS A POSITION AS PIANO-
J player In dancing-school or to assist musician.
Address Pianist, 147 Ninth st.
I7URST-CLASS DREa JUivtn, UUUx , .. *-
. ter nnd litu-r, makes suits from $3 50 up. Ap-
ply 147 Ninth st. ■ :■ .
p ERMAN GI RL WANTS A PLACE AS COOK
VJ" in a German family. .468 Jessie st.
T IDOW WISHES PLACE AS COOK OB
nurse; would do housework: kind to chil-
dren; or do washing and housecleaning by the
day. 418 Post st. "
DANISH YOUNG girl wishes POSI l i-on
as tieainstresi or upstairs work; good refer-
ences. Call 617 Geary st.
PLAIN SEWING WANTED; WILL TAKE
X work home or go out by the day for 75c. Call
or address 108 Trenton st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN "\\ ISHKS PLACE
as chambermaid in lodging-house. Call or ad-
dress 35Qi/ 2 Jessie si., rear.
"VrOXINa LA L) V SPEAKING GERMAN AND
X English would like ijosltion as cashier in res-
taurant or bakery: either day or night. Address
C.S., t>ox 83, Call Oflice.
BY GULL OF'l6 TO DO HOUSEWORK: $10
1170 Market st., room 96. -
anted— bt SWEDISH GIRL, SITUATION
•" for housework in -private family.. Apply at
Fulton House, room 19.
ITUATION WANTED FOR UPSTAIRS
kj work or nurse in private family. Call UO2
Montgomery st , Wisconsin Hotel. *
VOU N U SWEDISH GIRL WISHES POSITION
X a* nursegirl or to do light work and be com-
panion to an aged couple in a good family. Please
call 34i/ Freelon St., oft Fourth.
ELDERLY LADY WANTS SITUATION IN
small private family ; good home more an ob-
ject than wages, all or address 226 Filbert st.
WOMAN WANTs ANY KIND OK WORK.
' » 12 Le Hoy place, off Sacramento st., bet. Jones
and Leavenworth.
SITUATION TO DO HOUSEWORK IN SMALL
O American family; gool cook; references. Ad-
dress M. a., box 16, this oflice.
\ r OUNG WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper for widower with children;
country preferred. 1055 Mlfs'on st., room 4.
W OMAN WANTS HOUSEWORK, CLEAN-
" ing and washing; $1 per day. Call or address
745 Howard s;.
BT-CL ABSDREBB MAKER WANTS WORK
X by the day; city and New York reference. Ap-
ply 177 Minna st., near Third.
i p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
VJ day washing. Ironing nr housecleaning or cham-
berwork in lodging-house. Cull or address 612
Minna st.
If X PERIENCED YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES
J good situation as housekeeper. 105 Stockton,
room 22.
pOM PETENT WOMAN DESI RES A POSITION
V/ ill private family; chnmberwork and waiting,
or other place of trust: references. Address G. M..
box 58, all Office.
SteaUy woman wishes A SITUATION
0 to do general .housework; city or country; ref-
erences given. 311 Minna si.
VOr.Mi WOMAN WISHES EMI'LoYMKNT
-1 111 s ore 01 wholesale house or positiou of any
kind. Call or address 1212 Mission st.
YOUNG GIRL, SCANDINAVIAN, WOULD
like situation general housework. 754 Harrison.
RESPECTABLE GERMAN WISHES 81 fUA-
tion in small Jewish family; is a flrst-class
cook; has best references. Apply 1702i/C> Post st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE SITUA-
VJ tion for general housework and cooking iri
American family: city or country preferred. Ad-
dress c. P.. box 31, Call Oflice.
w anted-posTtion A.S companion or
'» nurse 10 ludy. L. M., Station C. city.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion as chmnbermaid or housekeeper. Cull or
address 1126 Market at., room 6.
OUSEKKEPER WISHES POSITION; CITY
or country ; is a good dressmaker. Ca lor ad-
dress 137 Seventh st., room 1.
p ERMAN GIRL WIfjHES A SITUATION in
VJ American family an iirsi-class cook. BV2 An-
tonio St., off Jones, near Kills.
IRL, 16, WANTS SITUATION to TAKE
care children. Call or address 5*2 M "Ister.
T\RESSMAKER; RAPID WORKER; .riKST^
XJ class references: perfect fitter; formerly at
city of Paris: by the day, $1 60. Call or address
1205y 2 Devisadero st.
p ERMAN GIRL* WISHES GENERAL HOUSE
VJr or upstairs work. Call Bt 1133 Folsom st.
'OUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS PLACE TO
A do general housework ; wages $15. Inquire 83
Everett st.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS COM-
X panion torlderly lady; salary not so much an
object as comfortable home. B. R., box 5, Call.
pOMPETENT AND UORRKCT STENOGRA-
\J pher and rapid typewriter, five years' . experi-
ence, wishes position: finest credentials; will ac-
ct-pt remunerative position only. Address G. M .
box 166, Call. • "
pEKINED, INTELLIGENT YOUNG LADY,
-It with necessary qualifications, desires position
as companion for \ollng or elderly lady or as
amanuensis; best of references given. F. F., Call
Office, Oakland.
pERMAN LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
VJ working housekeeper. Address J., box Call.
XTOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THK
X day at washing or house-cleaning. Apply or
address 522 Stirvenson st.
IDDLE-AGKD WIDOW DESIRES A POSl-
tionatany kind of work; good references
Address A. M., box 17, Call oflice.
XPERIENCED EASTERN DESIGNER AND
dressmaker wishes «ork by the day In families;
exquisite fitting. Modlsic. box 21, Call Oflice.
WANTED — POS TION AS WORKING
'» housekeeper: private or hotel; or would go in-
to business with reliable party. Address MRS. E.
R.WAGENER, Uklah. Cal.
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
A as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 5.
WIDOW OP EZPERIEN C£ DESIRE POSI-
*' tion in lodging-house or small family. Apply
2C2V- lurk St.
\\ riNCHESTKR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to .<1 50 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week; conTenipm. and resx^ctable;
lice bus to and from t be ferry.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
V^ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI 50, nost-
aj:e free. ■
SITUATIONS \VA.sfEb-»ULI!i.
FARM, ORChTr^vTnEYaluj'a'xD DAIIVY
hands and mechanic." furnished on short notice
in numbers to suit free of charge by C. K. HAN-
SEN CO.. 110 Geary St.
A 1 COOKS, BAKEHS, STEWARDS, wait-
"V. ers, etc.. ran be had at once free of charce at
C. R. HANSEN &CO.'S. 110 Geary si.
PC. G. COOK'S S(K . SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
♦ branches: notice. 14 Cieary. ;tel. Grant 48.
HUN TKR & CO., CHINKSE AND JAPAN-
ose employment office, 17 Webb St.. below.
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento; tel. 231.'
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
ollice; best help. 414y 2 O'Furrell; tel. E. 426.
y OUNG MAN BY 3IBTH SWEDE WOULD
X like to find permanent, employment in store or
warehouse; willing and not, afraid of work; would,
Ktve $20 or $25 as bounty money. Please address
G. A. A., box 45, Call Oflice.
WANTED-WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
'» man) to make beds, wait on table or kitchen-
work: city or country.. Please address H.
VIKMTZ. 631 Sacramento St.. room 86.
QTRONO YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION;
O sober and steady; not afraid of work. Me 16
Rau.HCh st.
T E AI)Y MAN (TEAMSTER) WISHES A
O job In city; any kind of work, light 6r heavy.
Address W. R., pox '9. thin office.
ANE. 28 YEA OLD. THOROUGHLY UX-
dersiands horses, caws, garden and general
work, wishes situation; reliable in every respect;
good references. 5. N., 416 Broadway, B. V.
V O U N G GE M A ?T CARPENTER. CABINKT-
J- niaker, with tools, wants situation; is willing
to do any kind of wor:;. Please call or address 120
Valley st.. bet. aUth and 29th.
OITUATION WAN 1 1 : BY SOBER MAN;
t-.J undorstanrls fare of horses and cows; handy
witli carpenter tools and used to farm work. Ad-
dress J. G., i o- 74, Call Office.
MPLOYMENT OF ANY KIND WANTED
by young man;. total abstainer: general job
bing, etc,: understands rope-working and tackles.
R. s.,t- 64 Folsom SL ' " '
PITUAT^IONS WANTED— Continued.
PXPEEIE SIyED WINE CELLARMAN
J— l wishes work; city or country; best of refer-
ence. Address H. J., box 48. this office.
OITUATION wanted TO care for
O horses or work of any kind in private family;
best of references. A. 8., box 142. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED AS SECOND cook.
O vegetableman or dishwasher; best references.
Address 8. L., box 90. Call Office.
Situation wanted as ASSISTANT
bookkeeper, driver or porter: 5 years' experi-
ence in this city; references furnished if required.
Address E. g. H., box 86, Call Office. V .:
P.EEMA N~~BOY OF 16 WISHES TO DRIVE A
\J butcher wagon or do any kind of work. Ad-
dress C. W., fall Branch Office, 116 Ninth st.
W ANTED— STEADY MAN, WRITING PLAIN
»» hand, to assist generally in cash businoss; ex-
perience not required; must have $150 and be sat-
Ished with $H5 a month. 878% Market St., room 1.
BAKER, FIRST-CLASS ON BREAD AND
cake, wants situation. Address Baker, box
77, fall.
W ANTED, BY A YOUNG MAN, SITUATION
'' ns under bartender; willing to work and make
himself generally useful ; wages not so much an
object as a permanent place. Address ST. J., box
"1, this office.
ELI A BLE YOUNG MAN, AGE 27, WANTS
J^a situation as watchman; best of references.
Address \V. M., box 47, Call.
0 lII' ATI ON WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
tO nurse. Address 126 Thirteenth St., care pastor
of the Swedish M. E. Church.
S[TU ATION WA NTED -GOOD GENERAL
blacksmith (mnrried). aood shoer and jobber;
city or country. Address Blacksmith, 110 Sanchez.
RELI A BLE BOY, 16 YEARS OF AGE,
JA< wishes a situation as office boy or run a print-
ing press; has had some experience; resides with
parents. Call or address 647 Howard st.
W A NTED-POSITION TO DO HOUSECLEAN-
» » ing or as janitor; can repair, such as kalsomin-
ing, lastering or paiiitlng: business strictly at-
tended to; reference. Address TOBIAS BUTLER,
767 Harrison st.
j) ! . I . I A 1! I.E AMERICAN OF MIDDLE AGE,
J t who has done a large variety of work, wishes
employment not exceeding 6 honrs daily, with
board and perhaps additional wages proportional
to amount of work; is an inventor and will use the
rest of daylight in smdy and drawing mostly, but
could be called in case of emergency: no liquors or
tobneco: ref rences. Address F.. box 29, this office.
WANTED-WORKBY YOUNG SWEDE; IS
" an all-round carpenter and horsemen; also
farm and garden work. Please address Y. S., box
83, Call Office.
"LURST-CLASS COOK (GERMAN), SPEAKING
1 good English, wants situation; country pre-
ferred: bakes good bread; references given. Ad-
dress 1301 Santa Clara aye., Alameda. ■
AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON A PHI.
lrL vate place or ranch; woman good cook; man
understands horses and farming; haudy round
place; bes; of references. 973 Washington st.,
Oakland.
V" NO MAN WANTS A ATION IN A
-L bakery as helper; some experience. Apr>ly 38
Merrittst., between Seventeenth and Eighteenth,
Hattle and Denver.
yOUNG MAN DESIRES WORK OF ANY
X kind; experienced in handling horses; has
worked in box-lactory, or will do porter work.
J. D., box 21, Call Office.
J^X PER I ENCED MINING ENGINEER DE-
-i sires a position as manager, foreman'or assaver
of a quartz mine. Address J., box 69, Call Office.
JAPANESE COUPLE WANTS A SITUATION;
0 man first-class co'>k: wife wait on table and
general houseworker; good reference. Address
S. R., 1807 Larkin st.
O RED MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
\J porter, waiter, watchman or any other kind of
work. 1 .ill or address 619 Ellis St.. In rear. ■
FEMAIK HELP WANTED.
' ) C* >O K s A N D DO W N ST AIRS~(TIR
«J neat German or Scandinavian houseglrls, $'J0;
neat Soandlnayian housegirl, $20, see party hore
10:30: nursegirl, $15; 20 neat young girls for
lignt housework places, $10 and $15: neat second
girl. $U.. c. li. HANSEN C> '.. 1 10 Geary St.
pi.iOK COINTHY HOTi-.L. $80; COoK. .>MALL
» resort, near city. $25: cook, small boarding-
house, country, $'.'0; strong chambernniid nna
waitress, civ, j?ih; restaurant waitress, $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
/ 1 f. R.MAN HOUSEWORK GIRL FOR SAN
VI Lorenzo, see party here, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary s;.
1> A \ ■1 1 COOK FOR STANISLAUS COUNTY,
IV see party here, $25. C. R. HANSEN <fe CO.,
110 Geary st. ■ ; •
\\ NTED— FI KS 1-CLASS WAITRESS AND
»' parlormaid, $30; 2 German cooks, same place,
$35 and J25: '£ French second girls, $20: German
COOIC, $SO, and about 40 German, Scandinavian
und neat Irish girls for general housework, city
and country, $15 to ?30. J. F. CROSETT <t Co.,
\WI Sutter st.
\ V r ANTED- WAI IRE-SAND PARLORMAID,
»» city references, $30; German cook, $30; Ger-
man second giri. same place, $20; waitress and
parlormaid, country. $25; German or French
cook, $'J5: young girls to assist, $10 to $12. LEON
Im;k, 315 Stockton st.
OUSEWORK GIRL, WILLOWS, $25; PRO-
testanl waitress, private tauiily. $25; cook.
small hot«.'l. $20; 20 ousework girls, city and
country. »15. $20 aud $'-'5: 6 young girls, nsilst,
$10 to $1». MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
\\' AITRESS. PBIVATJi FAMILY, $25
»T nurse, $20: 2 second girls, $20 and $25. MI.-sS
CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AS HOUSEKEEP-
er, short distance from city, $12, easy place;
women and ciris for cooking, housework and to as-
sist. MURRAY <fc READY. 634 Clay st.
ANTED— N EAT YOUNG CHAMBERMAID
'» for nice country hotel: $20 per month and
found. W. D. EWER V. CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTT:D-WA ITRESS AND PARLORMAID
»» for rU-st-class place in city, $25. Apply MISS
I'LUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
Vy ANTED— GOOD* NURSE FOR ONE CHILD,
'» in Fresno, $15, see lady here: waitress and
Ohambermald for private family in city, $25; wait-
ress and chambermaid for small family in city,
$2.">. Apply M ISS I'LUNKETT, 424 Sutter St. "
ANTED- < ; i ; KMAN COOKS FOR FIRST-
»' class restaurant in city, $35 to $40: go home
every night; an Insh-Amer.can girl to act as maid,
must sew and mend well; nurse for hospital, $20.
Apply MI-s PLUNKIT T. 424 Sutttr st.
A HOUSEGIRLS, $35: 8 HOUSEGIRLS, $20; 2
X girls, $16: cook, $25; cook, $35; waitress, $20;
second girl, $25; housegirl, country, $25. 315 Sut-
ter st. ■.;... 7
GERMAN GIRL TO DO COOKING AND GEN-
*J cml housework in family of 3. Call 2012 Sut-
ter st., from 910 ; J . Clock.
WANTED-GIKL FOR GEN ERAL HOUSE-
'» work, small family, good wages; German,
Swedish, Danish or French only need apply. 1724
Page St.: carfare refunded.
STRONG YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework; must be good plain cook; $15; no
washing. lOUMa Golden Gate aye.
GIRL FOR COOKING AND HOUSEWORK;
y* references required ; German preferred. 1820
Pine st.
\\r NTED NEAT YOUNG GERMAN GIRL,
'» with city references, for general housework;
small family; good wagt-a. 1531 Sacramento st.
'IHL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK W/T6
'* likes children; nocooking: $15t0520. 1512
Taylor st.
; W A TED— GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHIL 6
" 3 years o'd ; long-standing reference required.
Apply 1826 Geary st., between 10 and 12 o'clock.
W ANTED— YOUNG SOPRANO WITH l.ll-
" tie knowledge of music. Address D., box 26,
Call.
Vbl'NtJ GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work. Inquire at 101 Brodenck st., between
10 and 12 a. m.
T ADIES TO TAKE ORDERS foh the CELE-
XJ brated Henrietta corsets. 1821 Mason st.
IRL"foU LIGHT HOUSEWORK; TWO IN
family; $8 month. 2617 Folsom St.; noon.
"V^O UNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X worif : wages $10 to Sl2. 710 McAllister st.
SM ALL WILLING GIRL 1O ASSIST WITH
0 baby: good home. 9D9a Howard before 11 a. m.
PANISII GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT
w ork. 3022 Van Ness aye.
p IRL OF 16 TO MIND CHILDREN. APPLY
yt 2120 Po3t st.. near Scott. ■
TTOUNG GIRL FOR "HOUSEWORK AND
X help cooking. 615 McAllister, nr. Van Ness.
IRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. CALL
VJT 936 Filbert st. '
1 /^-YEAR-OLD GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
1U work. 1506 O'Farrell st.
p E H MAN GIRL FOR COOKING AND HOUSE-
\X work: references reoulred. Call to-day and to-
morrow forenoon at 1622 O'Farrell st. y
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK; $10. 2084 MAR-
__ket st.
GIRL"W ANTED to asrist.in HOUSEKEEP-
\J ing and cooking. 1204 Buchanan St.
ALE GOES. ON -. SKKTHE 50 LADIES' JACK-
ets. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
WKDJSII AND GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
O odice, 1 1;. Antonla st., off Jones, nr. Ellis.
DRESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-,
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
ANTED — DRESSMAKERS TO LEARN
how to cut regular tailor system: only reliable
system; no models, charts or squares used. f OHN,
Ladles' Tailor, 316 Sutter St.. city. ■
UTANTBD- PC PI LS -IN MILLIN NEW
'» term commences this mo. Room 61, 121 Post.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third St.. near Market;
'-00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night : $1 60 to $ti per
week : free bus to and trom the ferry.
UKINGTIIE SALE LADIES' WOOL SUITS
XJ $3 90. .N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
AIKDRESSINO, 25c AND 36c: MORN r NO
and ev'gclasxes-,10 lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
WANTED— PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MIL-
«» linery; positions found; terms reasonable.
234 Taylor st.
LA WHENCE ~ PATTERN HOUSE— DRE^S-
cutt'.ng school. 231 Market st.. Det. Bth and 9lh.
I JRESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
*J system. 14 McAllister St.. rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIKD. NEAR
Market — Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 10 96 per
week; *r«e bus to und from the ferry.
ALE HELP WANTED.
jnOOITANLVVVIFE^^ FO^ACOUNTRY^HOTELi
\J wife to wait at table. $50; secon cook and
baker, country hotel, $35. C. R. HANSEN «fe CO.,
110 Geary st.
WORKING FOREMAN and WIFE FORA
ranch; wife to cook: $50: see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED— CARPENTERS AND 1 MA-
»» chine blacksmith for Central America. $6 day,
silver; liemakers: butler; German about place,
$17 60; waiters, $25; Swiss farmer and pruner,
$15. and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT <fc CO.,
628 Sacramento ct.
1 A WOODCHOPPERS. PINE AND REDWOOD,
I \f $1 cord; 10 redwood-tie makers; 3 farmers.
$25; 2choreboys: felt and composition roofer; 3
cooks, $30 to $60; 2 waiters: dry-goods clerk, $40:
lunch - counter cook, $6 week. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st. .
AITER, COUNTRY HOTEL, $30. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
ME N AND BOYS TO CANVASS; ENTIRELY
■i'A new article, fast seller: ororlts immense: city
or country. For particulars cull or address 632
Market st.. room 10; P. O. box 2299. :
A/OUNG Al A .■. , QUICK. INTELLIGENT AND
i- willing to work, wanted In a leading city real
estate office. Addreas in own handwriting, R. E.,
box VI, Call Office.
FFICE BOY, AGE 14; BEST REFERENCES
required; low wages to begin. Apply C. A.
ULAN, 726 Spreckels building, 9 o'clock. "
OOK WANTED: MUST BE FIRST-CLASS
\J in every respect and sober. Apply, with refer-
ences, the Manning House, Oakland. "
WANTED— YOUNG MAN, FROM 18 TO 22
»" years, as porter; German. Call bet. 11 and 12
o'clock, 1 Geary St., Call Exchange.
WANTED — A DISHWASHER, $12 PER
'" month, board and room. 23 Stockton st., up-
stairs.
ANTED-aN ELDERLY GOOD SOBER
man as porter; light work; will have a good
home. 400 Pacific St., from Btolo a. m.
WA IT WANTED. 688 FOURTH ST.
HIP-CARPENTERS AND SEAMEN. 225
Clay st., upstairs. MORDAUNT <fc CO.
\\, r AN TED-STEADY BARBER ON COMMIS-
» ' sion. 623 Clay st.
pOOPER WANTEI); MUST HAVE $60 CASH.
\J Inquire 413V2 Broadway, In rear.
T>ARBER WANTED. 626 FOURTH ST.
WANTED— A GOOD BARBER; SOBER MAN.
»" 519 Fourth st.
OY FOlTsfAT lONERY-STORE. 713 LARKIN
street.
I JARBER-SHOP FOR RENT. ADDRESS S. JN.,
-P box 80, Call Office. -
lURST-CLASSCLOTHINI URST-CLASSCLOTHING SALESMAN; ALSO
a parcel clerk who has had experience. Call at
once on the United States Industrial Agency, room
167, Croct.er building.
V\ ''ANTED— BIDS ON I.AI'XIIKV WORK FOR
»» t%vo lodging-houses. 715 Howard.
I?IRST-CLASS FOTR-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP;
X Al location. Apply- at this office.
"yOUNGMANORBOYTO LEARN BAKRER
X trade: must have some money. 841 Telegraph
aye., Oakland.
1 00 MEN To GET A SHAVE FOR 6 CENTS;
LVV/ clean towel to each; bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14V2 Montgomery aye.
BARBER-SHOP; BEST LOCATION IN CIT y!
J-> sickness cause sale. Apply this offlice.
LEARN a TRADE— LADIES AND GENTLE-
J men students wanted; only 8 weeks required;
tools given; write for catalogue. San Francisco
Barber College, 116 Eleventh st.
1> A H I! BBS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
JJ secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238 V O'Farrell st.
OZART. 319 ELLIS— 1 25c TO 50c
i'-L nigh;, $1 25 to $5 week; reading-rooms.
THE RAILROAD HOUSE, 589 COMMERCIAL
St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
"YTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
i-^l Third and Fourth— furnished rooms per
day 15c up ; per week $1 up; open all night.
OSEDALE OUSE, 32i ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms. 20c; 81 per week.
VTEW GRAND, 246 THI ill) ; 200 SUNNY
-i-'i rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
Ir< OR THE BEST AND i CLEANEST lOcj MEAL
X try 13ya Grant aye. ; coffee a specialty.
EST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
Hhoes, 726 /2-Opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth St.; mistii shoes bought and exchanged.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH: WELL C< JOKED: S
courses, 10c. al Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
VI EN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGU FOOD;
A'-L is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
VEW^ASITsKi JOND-HAND SHOES "FROM
-I.' 26c up; men's half Holes, 4(Jc. 959 Howard st.
\\ r HAT. OHKER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
*' St.: 200 rooms; best in the city: single rooms
20 and 25c a night. $1 a week: meals 10c.
\\7 INCH EST E HOUSE, 44 1 H IRD ST.. NEAR
•' Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents ft night; readlnc-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
BARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKO-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 (irant aye. S. FUCHS.
\\T AN D— Mi : WHO DO NOT RECEIVF.
' » their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection: no charge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sutter, r. 4.
TTTtTmEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 1 f>c
1 " 'v» and 20c a night, including coffee aid rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
Air ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
» T steam beer, sc; bottle wine, sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S y 2 -SOLING 60c: LADIEV 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. l'alace Hotel.
I INDELL HOUSETSIXT AND HOWARD-
-LJ single ftrmshed rooms: 75c week, 16c night.
I JARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EM PLOY-
J-> inent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
W ANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»*. 10 know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third at.: 150
Imrge rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
L'HKK BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOIi 6c;
-T also a bottl tof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
PKEE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME:
1 single rooms 15c, 20c a night, $1 a week.
A A(\ MEN'S SECOND-HAN DED SHiTksi.SOME
ttUU nearly new, 25c to *) 25. 562 Mission st.
EST IN CIT /-SINGLE K O< > M S.~ 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; SI, SI 25, «l 50 p«r week.
I'aclflc House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANIED-SINGL.E ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st, X'\- ■':■■•::
riIKY ACME HOLSE, 557 MARKET ST., BE-
i. low Sixth, fora room: 26c a night: $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NE\v"MA"fHINK FOR REPAIR-
O ing shoes: call and ccc; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: a!l repairing at half price: work guar-
nnteed. 662 Mission St.. bet. First mid Second.
■ agkxts wanted.
lADY AGENTS to handle fine line
■i ladies' articles: can make $25 per week;'exclu-
sive rights. f. C. Company, 131 Post St.
p A LII^OR N I A MUTUAL B B N V. V I T SOCIETY
\J wants good seems to work its accident and
sick insurance; liberal Inducements offered.' J.
W. HaNNA Secrotary. Murphy building.
FURNITURE ay anted
7TA^H^^rcnrpATnT r oirFi?irNT?u^E7~yr-
\J COB BCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & 6th.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co., HIIS Market. St.: call or send postal.
HOUSES WANTED.
ouse 6 im^S^cm^vfTvnVf\^£^^XD'-
dress 11., 74 Donohoe building, city.
isooiis WANTED.
TiriLL DO PAINTING, PAPER-H
*' sgn In exchange for lor 2 rooms. Address C.
T. W.. box 54. Call Office.
PKOPERTV WASTED.
\IfXN^rED^Ar"L(yrV'IIEXp FCUr?SASIIPLC^
'» cation near Randall, Palmer or Chenery sts.
Apply or address Plumbing-shop, -1 Golden Gate
avi'iuie.
\V .< M'Kli-MiSC KO US.
T^ST^LAS^TTA^E^IN^C^^io'IIOItSE
J? power; st tc lowest cost price, how long used
and full particulars ; must be cheap. Address W.,
box 74, Call Office.
WANTED— BOARD IN A HOTEL IN EX-
'» change for paperhanging. Paperfcanger, 623
Sacramento st.
ANTED-YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
repairing: bpst work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny St.. third rtoor.
S" ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING and JKW
elrv to A. KLEIN, 10'jsmhst.: fend postal.
_____ .
HOUSES.
VV AXTEITSSiIKsFwAGO\ SALE^OR
.TT hire: terms. 482 Eighth St., rear.
1 *\() SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
JL ijyj ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
1 ( 1A HEAD OF WELL-BROKEN WORK AND
X yjyj driving horses jnst from the country; also
fast pacers and trotters. Apply 862 Howard st.,
G. i.INDAI'EK, proprietor.
OKSES PASTURED: $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hrda
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
DR. c. h. westphalTvetkrinary SUR-
Keon for S. F. Police Department, Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGOV-i
I\J bug;ies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horats
Market, 3.7 Sixth St.; auction sales every We^nea-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 rJA SETS SECOND-HAND H A K.N ESS; ALL
yjyj kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, cart.;
also 'JO cheap horses. Vlfte^nt'ii and Valencia sts.
iTi x ks.
WINDSOR "BIcVoLE"sT STRICTLY HIGH
'» grade: no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT «fc C>... 324 Pu.il St., S. F.
PARK CYCLERY— WHEELS TO LET 7
best accommodations. Terciinus Ciearr, _fo>
AllUteraadPotveU.at. c*r line*. J> *"^
■ . : :.■:
___^^ BUSINESS CHASrCIES. . 11 --^-.^^
mo BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
1 of any kind see STRAND & CO., 46 Third st
inn SALOON MEN ATTENTION: OLD
ijpiuU. established saloon: pays well; actually
worth $600. STRAND <fc CO.. 46 Third st. -.
<2?Q7?i RESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION:
«4PO I O. great bargain. STRAND&CO..4S Third.
ffll7C BRANCH BAKERY: 3 ROOMS;
tpL 10. bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
"<lM"7iftll CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
«JP IUUu. bargain. STRAND <fc CO., 45 Third.
GJ'I^H CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
bargain; to-day. STRAND. 46 Third.
l&O' A BUTCHER-SHOP, 2 HORSES, WAG-
t!PZ.O\t. ons; bargain. STRAND. 45 Third st.
QAA LADY WANTS GENTLEMAN
•i?O\J\t. partner in old-established restanrant;
clear $75 per month to each. STRAND, 45 Third.
WHEN YOU ARE DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
» » ers and want to buy or sell your business give
usa trial. XXI I>V & CO., 13V Sixth St.
OLD ESTABLISHED LOUG ING-HOUSE, IN
connection with fine saloon; doing gooa busi-
ness; fine location. REIDY «£ CO., 13y Sixth St.
FOR SALE— FINE RESTAURANT AND
dining-room doing good business; fine fixtures;
excellent location. J. REIDY CO., 13V Sixth.
T7INE LODGING-HOUSE ; ROOMS ALL FULL;
J good location. J. REIDY <fc CO.. I3y Sixth st.
<5iJ 1A A SALOON— —
»P4UU. BARGAIN ■ .
Saloon. Sixth St.. near Market. STERNBERG
CO., 632 MARKET, opposite l'alace Hotel.
(JfeQOC PARTNER WANTED— ONE OF THE?
rJ)O^U. handsomest fitted-up bars on East st.;
compelled to sacrifice: remaining partner responsi-
ble business man. BTEBNBEBQ CO., 632 Market.
©QAA RESTAURANT NORTH OF MAR-
«IpOUU. ket; latest improvements: receipts av-
erage $50; week's tr.ial allowed; look at this before
buying elsewhere. STERNBERG CO.. 632 Market.
CfO-TA SALOON, KEARNY ST.: NICELY
iJp-iOU. fitted up: this place is very inviting
and suitable for 2 persons; expeuseslight; bargain.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market £t._
©Onfl SALOON: FULL VALUE STOCK,
-''U. fixtures given away; block off Market:
accou t eat h. -TKNBKRG CO., 632 Market st.
AKERY. COFFEE PARLOR; VERY BEST
location; finest fitted-up place in city: has very
larce counter and outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied : owner has 3 places; must sell one at sac-
rihee. STENBERG ACO , 632' Market st.
QOZifl GROCERY AND BAR IF SOLD IM-
*U)OOU. mediately; fine location: account de-
parture; don't miss this. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market at.
"aJTOAA LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
»Jp£Ul/. 3 years: clearing $20 week: Rtiitablfi
for man and wife or two ladies. STANLEY, 9
Geary, room 2.
©.1 aa partner wanted; indoor
tjn'JUU, business: run by present owner 14
years; suited to plain steady man satisfied with
$75 to $100 a month; trial given. STANLEY, 9
Geary, room 2.
TTENTION, LIQUORMEN. '-■■■'■
French liquor-store, corner. In Western Addi-
tion: establisned yenrs: must be sold in 3 days:
sickness: fixtures, etc, $500: stock at cost. Par-
ticularss33 California st., Phoenix bar. WILKE.
mj7T;r 7\ SALOON in business CENTER.
<$)\JO\f. with lease; fixtures alone cost $1200:
stock $300; must s«>ll in 3 days; partners bought a
ranch. Inquire 633 California st., Phoenix bar.
<SPtTuY PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS
yp 4V7U. that pays to each $250 to $350 monthly;
thorough invest gation allowed. JOHNSON,
26V2 Kearny st.
T7IINE CIGAR-STORE ON KEARNY. NEAR
-T Market st. JOHNSTON, 26y 2 Kearny st.
(JJt 1 -7?v PARTNER IN A PAYING CASH
1 10. business in this city: good for $85 ;
monthly: can be increased. JOHNSTON, 26y 3
Kearny st.
qjj AAA GROCERY AND BAR AT A SACRI-
C^"^« fice. JOHNSTON, 26ya Kearny st.
CjQA/i RARE CHANCE, PRODUCE AND I
«JpOl/l/. dairy business; old established: good
trade: profits $125 a month; can be improved.
JOHNSTON. 2tjy 2 Kearny St.
VTOTICE — HAVING several BUYERS
-L> willing to invest in legitimate business, parties
desiring to sell apply to HE ALY <fc CO., 23 Kearny.
O> 777l A J'.AKERY FOKSALK— BAKING 18
tIDJLI'Uv/. barrels per week: 'i horses and wagon, I
5 living-rooms: will give a trial; clearing Sl6o per j
month. Apply HEALY <£ CO., 23 Kearby st.
QQQAA CORNER LIQUOR STORE DOING i
»35 OVKJ. a business of *30 per day, clearing j
s_'sO month; you can have month's trial; finest of j
liquors and cigars. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
CIGAR. DYE AND laundry busi- i
tJ)'IUU. ness. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
QOrrk BRANCH BAKERY ; SCHOOLS, j
«i» — «Jw. supplies; near 2 schools: 3 living-rooms;
rent $14; must sell. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
To SELL OR BUY A GOOD BUSINESS OP I
any kind go to 402 2 Geary st., business broker.
OTO'AA CONTROLLING INTEREST IN !
<&£.O\J\J. well-established wholesale fruit and I
produce commission house; business stea'lily in- I
creasing; remaining partner is experienced and !
competent; strictest investigation; no agents. Ad- I
dress P. O. box 2180, city. 1
ORSALE— A FIRST-CLASS CORNER GRO-
J eery and bar, situated in the best location in
San Francisco, will be sold cheap for cash or will
exchanee for city or country property. Apply SE. j
corner Grove anil Octavia sts., San Francisco.
piBST-CLABS CASH BUSINESS FOB SALE '
cheap; on account of sickness; splendid oppor- |
tunity call at once. BURG, 921 Broadway, 1
Oakland. I
OR BARGAIN: BAKERY, CANDY,
stationery, linings, notions; good location: loxv
rent: living-:ooms: party leaving city. Apply at
2245 Mission si.
T^OR SALE-WHOLESALE BAKERY BUSI-
± ness, with everything complete. Address for 3
days, 11. it .1.. P. O. station D. city.
\\! ANTED— LADY OR GENTLEMAN TO IX-
'» vest S5OO, with or without services; can make
$125 a month. Address B. B. A., box 91, Call.
A T A SACRIFICE; GOING TO LEAVE THE
X\. country: cider and syrup manufacturing com-
pany. Apply 241 Eighth St.
"L^OR SALE AT A BARGAIN: LIQUOR-STORE.
-T 213 Third st.: large stock on hand; owner
wants to sell on account of sickness.
TOCIC AND FIXTURES OF GROCER V-
O store; must te sold at once; owner retiring from
business; no reasonable offer refused. 601 Hayes.
p KRY AND BAR, 4 LIVING-ROOMS. 253
T Clara Rt.
pORNER SALOON FOR SALE; RENT LOW."
\J Apply 795 Mission st.
©oof; branch bakery, candy, STA-
tg)£j^jO. tionery store: 4 livinK-rooms; rent $18;
no agents. 34iy 2 Fifth st.
©^AA WILL SECURE PERMANENT EM-
tg)tJ\J\J ployment: interest in the business;
money fully secured at good rate of Interest. 753
Mission.
FOII SALE-BARGAIN; BAKF.RY, CANDY",
stationery, linines, notions; good location: low |
rent; living rooms; party leaving city. Apply j
at 2245 Mission St. :, , y. :;
GROCKRY AND BAR FOR SALE. APPLY j
VJ^ 1552 Folsom St., cor. Twelfth.
fflj^'XA CIOaBSTORE AXD~CLUBROOM',
«IT)U«Jv/. established several years; large stock,
fine fixtures and a good, steady trade. C. R., box
84. Call. .
"YOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE PARTNER TO
JL start restaurant; trade guaranteed. Address
T. J. C, box 19, this office.
T7U)R SALE-GROCERY'BUSTNESS"ON MAIN
J street, Oakland; stoc^ new and well assorted: a
good chance to secure a well-established business.
8., box 175, Call Office, Oakland.
"Cj 7 X GOOD RESTAURANT: WORTH
«ipO 10. $500; if sold to-day a bargain. Apply
this office; no agents.
"AJEW AND SECOND-HAND HARDWARE
-Li store: a bargain if called for noon: stock and
fixtures, whole or part, for cash. 546 Mission st.
tir ANTED— GOOD LOCATION
»T grocery; with living-rooms attached; north of
Market st. N. L., box 6. Call.
fflj^XA SACIUFICK; FIRST -CLASS RFS-
'.i'"""' taurant: must be sold Immediately ac-
count departure: best location: $25 day receipts-
; nr. 3 carlines: 2 living-rooms; long cheap sroiind
lease; no agents. Inquire Call Office.
T7IOB SALE-CIG AR-STAN I) WITH LAUNDRY
A °{ Bc |i Bon8 on , BCCOOIl * of other business; no agents.
/ •IOOD PAYING BUTCHER-SHOP; FINF LC.
VJ cation; price reasonable. B. S., box 61, Call
ELL-F U NISHED PAYINO HOUSF 0 '
" rooms and saloon; cheap rent; owner will
P?ne It ° n and PaY half reut - A PP Iv room 1, 524
GOOD PAYINO SALOON, 772 HARRISON ST
VJ See owner, 427 Fourth st. uiy ol «
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AX INVEST-
JJ ment of about $50,000 In safe commercial
business. Address R. P.. box 43. this oflU?"
\\T A NTE D— PARTN ER WITH SOMg CAP-
*L£2' M dy ß^ en^ 1? l !? b v"s S23SKIS:
aress A. m. RQSb, P. 0. box 1032. fan Jose, Cal.
S^ri?n^« PAK^ NER: MAYING CORNER; EX-
HoSst. n^essary; some money." 633
. Fllminr A^ E ~ l<^H lILY GROCERY-STORE (NO
rnnnin^th established 16 years; largß trade,
'ican.t»M.» 1 Pe . WI 0D8: «fo<xl reasons fSr selling-
capital required, about $4000: desirable proposi-
-49.J^O I tigate: D 0 aseDtS - Address box
$250 CIGA , U -STORE: FINE CORNER".
<?,£> ne fixtures and stock: no night or
1 hnnl? y ZtV- Near Postoffico and Appraiser's
building, SW. cor. Washington and Sansome »ta.
l()f) PAH TNFR; GOOD PAYING BCSI-
' i * )1 Y V ' ne ss; advertiser a butcher. 335U,
1 ourih st. ■ '■•i.t ■
"13ROFHABLK OPPORTUNITY IN LEGITI-
-i- mate established business for man with *2000
prompt cash. Address T.. box 16. this office.
VI UST BE SOLD iJY FEBRUARY I—2 EX-
t 7, PPr, r , wagons; stand cor. sansome and Sutrer.
! J. G. REOERICKS, owner.
CALOON FOR "S A LE-GRE AT BA RG ;
O low rent. 734 Fourth st. |
' $3000 K ° riK KOR SALE; EVENING
thisoai V * paper: PCVS *150 per month. Apply
mis onice. .
I RST-CLABS SALOON FOR BALE;LOCA-
i boiui, c^omcT- rarticutar3 addres3 c - H-i
• CHANCES—
fI^SINES^ "^COFFEE SALOON, oyster
— — -~- "V? COFFEE SALOON, OYSTER
imjen PA VI * iuse: best location: low rent:
tP'IOU. and choi ay; finely fitted; bargain.
receipts Sl5 to «'»0 .* a si/ a Market st.
habSkttabpff,^ hums bakery
(B*&nr\ FIRST-CLASS Tadeof $16 to $20 a
yhOUU. with all cotinte* . 1S furnished; trial
day: No. 1 location; "''"/y-^L. iy 3 Mnrbeist.
SSL habkett'asklff.^ Vlt(irirji
<n»nr PORK, DELICACIES >» -ent; goodie-
im iO. bakery: 8 I'ving-roorns: lo". [ark ,
cation. BARRETT & SKIM-. fbs ".•,._
Ing. BARREIT & SKIFt. Bbsy 3 Market st. ■ .
■^ . ~.f\ POFFEE SALOON AND CHOK*\
S4oo.vMcinitv Market and Sixth; finely Btt, i
bargain BARRETT SKIFF, 865% Market *-■
<AA GROCERY AND BAR. BKST POBSI -
,^4OO. S ible location- 3 living rooms: deat
cause sale. BARRETT^* SKIFF, 865y Market.
<B* "AA PAYING CORNER GROCERY AND
$000. bar; living-rooms; rent $25; must sell;
offer wanted. BABBETT. 865 y 3 Market st.
PAPER ROUTE FOR s.M.i;, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks: can be tough*
cheap, and chances for Increase are very good-
pply this office, principals only.
WANTED-A GOOD MAN WITH $100CASir
»> to travel for an Eastern liquorhouse. Address'
L. W.. box 79, Call office.
/'KiAH-.vruKK FOR SALE: GOOD LOCA-
\J tlon. at a bargain. 1055 Market st. ;__
\irool> and COAL YARD FOR sale, in-
»'» quire at 804 Montgomery aye.
/ IORNERSALOON FOR SALE CHEAP; MUST
v^ be sold. Inquire 817 Kearnv s:.
LODGtNG-UOUtiISS FOU SALE.
©.4^o CORNER BAY-WINDOW HOUSE OF
<JS^«JU. Vi rooms and bath on 1 floor: nicely
furnished; grand bargain ; clearing $40 per moaih.
KENNY A KAN, 777 Market st.
©.1 .'.I I 10-ROOM BOUSE; CLEARING $10.
<jp-t<J\J. DECKER, 1206 Market, st.
(JJ;O1 i\ 10-ROOM HOUSE: GOOD LOCATION;
i,i — IV. nearly new.
18 rooms; best corner In city 1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st 850)
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell 70©
10-room house: very central ; Isi>
$50,000 to loan on furniture,
H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market at., cor. Taylor.
\ STENBERG ).— .
..' . •. 632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
10 rooms; sunny corner; one floor $400
45 rooms: vicinity or Baldwin: transient 32511
18 rooms; 3 doors: north of Market HOf)
80 rooms: owner 6 years: offer wan""
AT ROOM ED
-L\ sell; no agents.
-rFoTEL FIFE F(
H for sale. Add]
HOUSE OF 32 R
furnished; all r.
12<- this office.
OUSE, 72 ROO.
gain: owner ea
FUKKITU
e^vTLTTmov'b
Previous to movi
our entire stock of 1
mendous reduction. .
Roxbury Brussels (lai
English Linoleum (lai
SHIREK &SHI
HG. KRASKY,
. ding; new foldit
ders, 20c pr step: iurnit
REDUCTIONS ON 1..
second-hand: 400
cioth, 25c; parlor suits
piece chamber suits, t
ranges, $0; cash or Vll
free. T. 11. NELSON 1
OR BARGAINS I-
ticles of every desm
I Mlssioi st.
CAKPET .
C"^Xr "pets c lean e
\J like new. FERGUSt
South 36. D. MACKINI
J E.MITCHELL car!
. 14th st.; cleaning 3c
CITY STEAM CARPET
ting. 3S Bth. STEVE?
MCQUEEN'S CAB
. ovating works. 453 S
rV atTona CARPET 1
IN vatlng Works HA.MI
j nnd alterins;. 313-315 Gue
i "lITHEN YOU BKCOMI
» » poor work send to SPA
pet Beatln- Works. 553-7 T
ONKLIN'S CARPET BB —~ aiS
j ' J Hold *n Gat(> av<=-- : lelephone eu.%: 126.
PIASOS. VIOUNS, .ETC.
2 REGISTER PEDAL PIPE ORGAN FOR
church or studio: half price. 815 Webster st.
AINES BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush A Gtrts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Po* st.
A PARTY LEAVING THE CITY IS OBLIGED
JV to sacrifice their elegant Chickenng piano. See
I it at room 10, 809 Market st.
[ A BEAUTIFUL STEINWAY PIANO MUST
I xL be sold at once by party obliged to dispose of
1 it; a very low price will secure it. Room 21, Flood
I building.
ALL CASH AT ONCE WILL SECURE AN
jcv upright piano for $65; now is your chance.
Room 10. Flood building.
PONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. Vv\ SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
ffIjTTA BARGAIX; FINE UPRIGHT; GOOD>
•JillU. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ <fc CO. t
16 McAllister st.
TEINWAY SQUARE; AS GOOD AS NEW;
must be sold. 747 Market st.
AJEW UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN, FOLDING.
-1.1 bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
F"IANOS= : —
X Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and.
Simpson; easy terms. V 35 Market st.
42H AA LARGE, EASTEBN MAKE. iTF-
iHpI-\J\J. ritlit piano. BRUENN'S. 238 Post st-
pHICKERING.KNABE, STECK.VOSE. STER-
\J ling pianos; see our Dew piano for $1 87 ; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ «fc SON. 16 O'Farrell.
p REAT BARGAINS IN NEW AND SECOND-
VJ hand pianos at MAI'VAIS', 769 Market st..S.F.
p REATBARGAI.N IN PIANOS. HORNUNQ'S
VJT Piano House, 216 Post St.
M.G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
rell, room 1, first floor: take elevator; pianoa
and organs sold for cash or installments.
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for eelline pianos has met with ereat success
we have decided to continue supplying purchaser*
; that wish to take advantage of it; please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY <fc CO.,
I corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
I fflj I 7 CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<IPX I O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEINWA \ ,I'ISCHKR ANO
other lirst -class makes of pianos: littie used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOULER Jfc
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farreli st.
EASY TERMSTLOW PRICES. KOULER <fc
CHASE.
1 N r j»l ANO FOR SALE OR RENT CHEAP."
JC SCHMITZ.ie McAllister st.,nxt Hlbernia Bank:
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby «fe Evans, Brlgsjs and other pianos.
U PERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD *XEW
O H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham
TEINWAY, $215; WEBJ£R, $268; SOAIKR,
O $237; Wily, *125; squares, *35 and $55.
HKI , 410 Post St.
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-t»- grade T. L. Neumann plauos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 8J
Ninth st. ■
AINES BROS.' PIANO -A bOPEBB IN-
strument, surpassing any ptano that we have
hitherto handled: we invite a critical Inspection.
A. L. BANCROFT <fc CO., 3-4 Post St. ;
PK N FOR BUSINEHi?.
The finest line of uew pianos for rent itniul*
lln 6an Francisco. • J. HARRY BCOTT,
j 929 Market st.. Spreckels butldin?.
FOX SALU-MISUKttAJitOI S.
' ClliJzr^TuFMJYtZn hTgH- ARM SINGER.
j <ip^U. sewing-machine; 7 drawers, attachments;
j equal new; cause, departure. 801 I'nion st.
I OHN J. BHEEHAN, DEALER IN" BOX
t) kindling-wood: cheapest and best. Office, Powell
and North Point sts.: telephone 595.
IjiBESHHALF llliKKH.l r.Ksl^ COW; MILKS
JJ 4 gallons: gentle; cheap. 1312 Folsom.
BAB OUTFITS, MI RRORS.CASH REGISTERS
-O scales. etc.; cheap.-si. MEEK, Ills Mission st!
■\riCKJBL-PLATK CUSHION TIRE RAM-
IN bier; only $10. 326 McAllister st.
OLDEN gate gas engine, APPLY TO
Browning Jt Bremer. gun store, 820 Kearny st.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURXI"
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothfn-
K.nset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farreli st. nc»-
Stockton. . ''
B~UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES ANDRAT
tan furniture at the factory and save miadlel
man's proHt; we will treat you right cai 1 lint
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 S. nr*&! S \too"
ONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES JrOR
_ salaorglvcnaway. KAHN CO., 220 CaL st
ELLOWS ' ANVIL, VISE. TONGS SMAit"
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard «
EUBE AND BUBQLAB » A FE LETTFR
| a Pres S , platform scales and 4e«k7 cheap, "'oj
o^|X^,-;--'--;-.^i^
. g^g^^ElcSoi^FNorsEs to let. '£
919 PER^Tst7-HOUSe7)F 4 ROOMS AND
— X_. basement; rent $12 50: water tree. Apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 1 4 Mootojoinery gt.
OUHI 17 J ROOMS— BATH: |_.ARaE YA RD.
1515 Jackson St., between Larkin aud Polk. ..
HLET,
151 Mli 1 st. ■ ; __;
, ii, At- 1 i- iiin--K IN CITY: 8 ROOMS;
V- ; bath; modern; *JO. .^.ii'j Valencia, near
Sixteenth.
911 geary-housi: 11 ROOMS and
— 1 1 Kvh: ront reasonable; key at 21 , %. _
Hi AND BATH;
basement; larjje gardens arable : driveway.
"c«"o7k T{ ED I' C'KD F iU >M if iOT N ICE MODERN
CiOU. jjomeof brooas. Apply 15 Grant avc.
OUSE 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND 1
yard; 147 nclast.; rent 16. Apply 2838 ,
M uon. • ____■
OAVED--DOLLAKS. DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renti^K a bcur.e from i:.\LDWiN £ HAM
MONI) 10 Montgomery st. ' - •
1 i i.M-Hi i) BOUBEB.
ELEGANTI/ FrrRNIfiHED; CAN "IIVK
rent free. li'M Marlce! s;.; modern ; sunny.
k/\7 V. ttANDSOME SUNNY N3 "ELY
«J" ' ( furnished house: vei-y re_souablc to small
family ; 10 to 4.
\ COTTAOKS TO LET.
qTq & A cheap ; COTTAGE. II RUSSELL
»J ■.!)''. St., near cor. Hyde and Union.
I .-A' MASON^4~~rT)6ms:; ' CABLlO" Ll_<el
-I I \.'O Jfll to steady tenant; key a! hou-e.
I i.A'IS TO li: I .
oT^T?A7R^*C^KT^N^V^tTiS?rY^T6"vvTSR
— L *i-.j flat; 5 ro">t_s, bath; $17 50. UMBSKNJt
CO.. 14 Montgomery sU ;»--••, i
"ol|"9" ~3~ilO~OM-; BATH. 11l THIKTI__TXI
O-L • St., near Valencia. ■ ■ . . . ,
CJ Oi i O N ] . Y FOR 7 FINE ROOMS; BATH;
'_ — v all m'Hiern improvements: basement and
yard: 721 Fourteenth st.. near Market-st. cable-
cars. BALDWIN i. [MOND, 10 Montgomery.
C| LOWER flat, 5 ROOMS and BATH.
Oil. 1027 I'ost st., bet. Polk nml Lark'u.
I- I A NATOMA-FLAT, 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
_*j»-J- basement: large sunny yard; nr. Eighth st,
9?TI d S t'TTEU — MODKITx BAY-WINDOW
— UJ-J flat: sunallday^-aidfrouuand rear: $16.
ILN'ISB ED FLAT 7 ROOMS. BATH. 1312
: Larktn st., near California: call 11 to 2.
VTEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT O] 5 LIGIIT
J-> rooms: <18; bath; gas: tubs.9ll Folsom, nr.stn.
Ql Q 5167 GEARY, NF.A " COI>K— NEW
0 LO« low flat, 5 rooms and bath: two woeks'
rent free to good tenant. BHAIKWALD BUCK-
BEE _ CO., 220 Montgomery st.
QIQ 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSKI>. i'uV^.
ylOi water, dumb waiter; a.l modern; a: <i. r >6
Xniou st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
etter than any *30 cottaee in Oakland. To let
i.- KOENIQ <fc KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
Qt." FLAT: 1208 BUSH :~5 ROdMS~B7vnT;
<S?Zt_*>;. v .ny- windows. Apply 1211b.
UNN V ir-'M.r. FLAT: 6 ROOMsTb ATH AND
basement. 396 Waller St., <or. Fillmore.
SIN;.-. FLA^ 3- ROOMS: GARDI N; ALSO
one 4 rooms, i* lo '- W3 and ?ltj. lTOti Post st.
ITLAT-UPPER^fLAT'FoF 4 SUnSy ROOMS
X- and bath: 126 Eighteenth s:.: ront?l3: new
building. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ! -
Ij PPEB flat- utsuotwell st.: « rooms
'handsomely papered: bath; basement: quiet
borne Jor old people; S2JJ water free. Apply down-
stairs.
Ql FLAT OF 5 LA« tJE S^. N , N "Y ROOMS
C' I . and bath; water li " cc - bli Mneteenth
St., bet. Noe and Sancfcgz. __________
flfcl FLAT UF 5 LAIU'E SUNNY ROOMS
•_ I»>. and bath: water fr^- ' 2a lord »'■• bet.
Seventeenth and Eigtitei-nth. yoe and Sanchez.
E. ST.,BB#.
low Bryant. 5 and g rooi;^s__i__L t _______
SAVED-DOLUKS D 1' IES AM' NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND In Moiit_ni:-.-ry St
HO_SKKJ_KF 1-Mi 1:OO31S.
l.iiiiy Street.
, ■ 1 - F DDT — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
"I double parlon'- *ith kitchen.
71 7 X! i-\ _ni i:ki: unfurnished SUN-
• X 4 ny rooms fo hoasekei I
l iflh Street.
991 I TH-NICE SUNNY SINGLE AND
— — 1 uouble housekeeping rooms cheap,
TvOl FIFTH— FRONT BOOM AND
»—' 3 kitchen r.unished complete for house-
keepins.
First Avenue.
J.)l FIRST AYE., RICHMOND — LARGE
__iX rooiu for light housekeeping.
1 olsoin street.
Ill" FOLSOM, SW.COR. LANUTON— 3 CON-
111'' necting uni'uruisbed housekeeping rooms;
rent $11.
l'ourth ->treet.
Of) 7 FOURTH— LARGE RQOMS FURNISHED
t->v/ I for ho -keeping; rent SS-.
Fulton Street.
Ol O FULTON-ROOMS FURNISHED COM«
— _ k) plr-te for ho'.isekeeping; clean; gas; bath.
Ueary Street.
C.C\O GEARY-NICELY FURNISHEDFRONT
"vO sunny room for gentlemen. ■: *• ._ll- ,■■-_■■
m. UV — PARLOR, BEDROOM,
XUJ-t ne-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
" beds: all necessaries; $24.-
Uowara Street.
] 1 9O_ HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH -2
IX_.O large rooms furnished for housekeeping;
Victor range, closets, bath, etc; in An.erican
family; will rent cheap to quiet, sober people.
11^9 HOWARD — 2 LARGE FURNISH
XX*j— housekeeping rooms; range; rent $10;
a:.so unfurnished.
Larkin Street.
AnnrjtßKiy:— furnished ROOMS; light
ti —'J housekeeping; single and suite.
ijOO LARKIN— NEATLY FURNISHED BAY
_L»JO window rooms; housekeeping; reasonable.
1 O_ LARKIN- 2 ICE L FURNISHED
OX.O rooms for housekeeping: gas; bath.
McAtli!.rpr Street.
OA(\ MCALLISTER ST.-UPSTAIRS; LIGHT
iHv housekeeping room ; $7.
Mission street.
O_T7 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
•-/j: I sunny rooms; complete for housekeeping.
1 <?_ 1 MISSION — 4 CONNECTING ROOMS
J- — t:J- completely furnished; gas- private;
reasonable. . ; , -> .
3loss Street.
•1 O MOR3, OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH-
Ii)a furnished rooms for housekeeping.
O'Farrell Street.
AQ7 O'FARRELL— LARGE. PLEASANT,
TiO i sunny room, furnished for housekpng; $10.
■ I'Oht street.
Q| r.A post— furnished FRONT BAY-
O±O window suite of rooms: crate, gas, bath,
closet, folding-bed; also front bedroom ; lighthouse-
keeping if desired; rent reasonable.
Kills Street.
mO ELLIS— SUNNY FRONT ROOM, FUR
*J\JO nished complete for housekeeping; $10.
Turk Mrect.
r.O/ll TUP.K-SI NNY UNFURNISHED
0~ 13 room; with kitchen.
Vallejo Street.
1 9091 VALLEJO. NEAR HYDE - FUR-
X*-O«-2 nished rooms for housekeeping.
Van >ese Avenne.
fil 9 VAN NESS— NICE FRONT SUNNY
UXj- : .i!,. : housekeeping.
1 l(l(i NKBB— BLEOANT FURNISHED
J-ri'JU sunny front rooms for housekeeping.
KOOMS TO LE'l.
Eig-hth afreet. . .
CHEUMAN APARTMBHT HOU&E, 28 BTH
su jit-ar Market; furnished and unfurnished.
i. lm Street.
Jil O ELLIS— SUX3TT ALCOVE ROOM; HOT
*Ji\j ruiining water; and single rooms; bath.
59R K LLl?^Tj3^fy~PAirLOU FLOOR;- V9-
-y— kj ( furnished;' 1 1 table for physician or den-
.__i___°_^ J^eepliig rooms.
79] ? LLI8 =" Laili j; n:o\i ROOM FOR 2;
■- ' ■
-«nt reasonable.
>'olsom Street.
R9f) fOLSOM, NEAR ' fourth-sunny
_g w , furnished ro ms, «I pei week. • '. ■ • .
180'4 A . llOLsov) — UNFURNISHED PAll-
i—_____ : .J_f ' ll ™ kitchen.
JFourth-atrjeet.
}•>" FOURTtf, COR. SrLVER-SUNNY COR-
>*J<J ncr front room; ' '
Oeary street. "z/^,--
-438?r KARY ' I( >n.~TAYLOR-SUITE OF 3
for dorw?^ 11 * corner rooms: all ■unnywdapicd
ior ooctor- t olHcej_ furnished or unfurnished.
T_ 1 _£^*^ICKLYEU_IKISH_:P FRONT
.'.wcov ">«Mu;»raont_g water; reasonable.
blTi nVsh_?_ ~ '^"REE NEAT] FUR-
I_i2___£ooms; terms reason able. ■ ♦ ■ .
'"'"'■' ■ ■■ ■ .»eiiu«.
330 bay^S U A TK^\'B--SUiir.N V FRONT
Da y-« Indow i-ai; reasonable; private family.
KOOaiS TO _.ET-Continnea.
, Orovo Street.
If* GROVE - SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
xv witn use of kitchen; $10.
Jones Street. -
907 JOKEs — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— <-' • manuKoment: elegant sunny Bulten and
Mi-jgli-: newly mrnlshed; baCh, etc.; $10 to SHO.
Kearny street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEARNY-PLEA3-
-cv ant smmy rooms, en suite sin_le; first dasi
in cvury respect; terms reasonable.
i.uikin Street.
"I 007 I'ARKIN-FCRNISHKDr.iKi.M-s.MOD-
X\J\J I crn house; gas, batn, running water, etc
■: Market Street.
r 7 r 7 T MARKET — JTICELY FURNISHED
• I I suites and nale; bousekpg; oflices.
TTOSEMI HOUSE, 1045 " BK ET. BEX.
X' Sixth and Sevenbh— Single and suites; per
night. 35c to Sfl; week, fjso ro 55: familiM __
1 RAft MARKKT --KICK BUNNY UNFUl^-
__:_ nished rooms, suitable for otticcs.
1 '"^flQ StARKKT- NICE SNY UNFUR-
X OVJO nishcj rooms, suitable for otlices. '
TKO7I MARKET -NICELY I'URNISHED
XO_j I 3 rooms, sitifile und housekeeping; pri-
vate family. . . .
Mason Street.
-11 7 SON— (CHANGED HANDS) SUNNY j
"i-1- I front suites, suitable for doctor's olnce.
aiiihia street.
(Zd'7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
UO I ti;sbe<l bay-win mis; $1 week ; trmisient.
3listiion Street.
in*r MISSION-NICE FRONT ROOM WITH
IUOO closet: tS; lady or
(* "« RAND SOtJTHKRN — SE. COR. 7TH AND
T ilission. reopened : thoroughly renovnted ;sunny
front rooms: elegantly furnished jsii.gle or en s\iite;
stationary wasbsiands ■ aud running water in
every' room: 'choicest location; terms reasonable.
O'Farrell Street.
,rrn,( O'FARRELL — NEWLY FURNISHED
e)U_: Bunny: running water; electric lights: ref.
rj(\A O'FARRBLIi- PLEABANI FRONT B UN-
i Udt ny bay-window room; gas u.n_ grate.
lost Street.
rAO POST, NEAR JONES— NICELY FUR-
I \j£i ulshe I hall bedroom; reasonable.
I'mvell Street.
990 POWELL— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
__'> for gentlemen; rent $10.
OOT" POWELL ST.— UNFURNISHED BASE-
O— i. ment room; rent $5.
• South I'urK,
TO SOUTH PARK— WELL FURNISHED _
XU rooms, $13; single room, $5.
Stockton Street.
1 31 A STOCKTON— FRONT SUIT SUITABLE
XOXtr doctor or dentist; nicely furnished ; cheap.
Xajlor Street.
A LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, NEWLY
X; furnished, with hot-water baths. 149 Taylor.
.V? 9 TA V ° — NICELY FURNISHED
• '__ rooms> new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable. . - '
Third Street.
TTTINCHESTER HOUSE— THIRD, NEAR
• » Market; most convenieut and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night; *51 50 to $6 per week;
electric ughts in every room ; reading r'm : free bus.
pOLTON HOUSE, 5J20 i hird— single AND
\J en Bnlte, light houaekping, $5 up: Brick bid, yd.
Turk Street.
O1 Q TURK— SUNNY FRONT ROOM, FUR-
*JXrJ nished or unfurnished. >->;-*,
"\ VI TURK— Si "vNY SINGLE ROOM WITH
y^tO bath; private: $5.
iwenty-Second Street.
Q«"j X 6 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, r.AS AND
<_jX<_J. bath; water free. 526 Twenty-second st.,
cor. Capp.
BOAKUiSO AND KOOMS.
Ol 9 McAllister— nicely ii rnished
v»X_j sunny iront room, board for 2 gentlemen.
"I Q9l MASON— ROOM AND iOARD; GER^
X ___X man lady; ♦80 arid 822 month. .
IJ? YOU WANT A PLEASANT HOME CALL
at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush st. ; the Winder-
mere; references required.
IiOOMAND BOARD IN GERMAN FAMILY.
li_ Webster St., near Haigin.
GOOD HOME, BOARD AND ROOM, IN GEB
VJ man family; reasonable. 20_ Seventh st.
EDDY— HOTEL NOR.MANDIK; SUNNY
•-'— vJ slngie rooms; table board ; tei ms reasonable.
OTEL BERTLING. 714 iiUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; allmod-
cm conveniences.
CHILDUKS BOAKDKI).
(HERMAN^ LADY ~ WISHES TO^TAKE
\J charge of children at her own home; terms
reasonable. Please call or address 217 Polk.
\\ r ANTED— CHILD TO BOARD; GIRL PRK-
» ' ferred; not under 4. Address A., Call Branch
Office, 116 Ninth sr.
NGLISH WIDOW WISHES 2 CHILDREN TO
board; rooms for parents. 471-2 Gilbert st..
OOD HOME FOR AN INFANT: TOMS
moderate. 1014 Jackson st., bet. Powell and
Mason.
STOEI'S TO LET.
X^C^OMTJT's^rORI^HBA^^
tt cheap rent. 23 Clementina; key upstairs.
a:.I Fi 1 1 : N lAi i LARKIN— THREE FINE
V^ stores in that line building on the southeast
corner, suitable ttr barber-shop, confectionery or
bicycle-store; an offer desired. . a. J. RICH CO.,
real estate agents, 112 Montgomery. st.
OTORE .TO LET; 20s80. 140 MINNA ST.
rpo LET — SPACE FOR LOCKSMITH AND
X electrician iv hardware store. Corner Polk and
Saciamento sts.
OFFICES TO LET. ~~_
91 7 GEARY— PARLOR FLOOR; SUITABLE
*^J- I for business: key at "17> ■
IriREE RENT (i. 2 MONTII) GIVEN UOOD
J ! tenants; cottages, flats, $5 up. SPECK <t CO.
602 Market st . ...
},' LEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS
-* building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
charge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montg. St.
__>_CAIIOiXA_..
JfIH^nLEADINO SHOR^H^CNtT'cctLLEGI?;'
X Individual instruction; four months' course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
T^MELIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
XU limited number of pupils: thorough dramatic
traininar, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster St., cor. of Washington. ■' •»
RS. MKLVILLE-BNVDER HAS REMOVED
to 620 Sutter sU; teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and el cntion; ladies ana
gentlemen coached In operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays: appearances arranged.
SPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
tlllan and Parisian professors ; 3 lessons week,
$3 month; also painting academy, flowers specialty,
H lessons week, $S month; translation*,' i*panisti,
French, English. 1170 Market St., room 87. . ■
T N DTVXDU INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
~\7"OCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM
V proves and beautifies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
IpRENCH.SPAKISH.ETC, PROF.DisFILIPPE'S
-T Academy of Languages: 320 Post; estab. 1871.
Mi Si BCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
■i'l st.— Board, EiiKlinl". French, pi no. dancing, 1
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
"y NGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENG-
Xli lisb literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON,
724 O'Farrell st. '.• : .:- t ' .
I.ISH LITER ATUBK AND MYTHOLOGY;
. J class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
BBLASCO'S SCHOOL of acting—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING. MK-
chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. 164, VAN iJfc.lt NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
S' TUDKNTS PREPARED FOR ill i: univer-
slty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
clauses. 333-335 Phelan building. ■/ ■ .
OWENS ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE,
Berkeley; Cal. T. S. BO WENS, M. A., Principal.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,- OUITAR, CORNET
1 langht. Prof. L. &t ERKI. 226 Geary ;reasonsiPle
w PaNI«H. fRKNCH, GKItMAN ; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
BALD'S BUSINESS"COLLEGE, 24 POST ST..
.Bookkeeping, business practice, ehorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.' |
\TJGHTSCHOOL;UEaLD'SBUS.COLLEG E ;24
1\ Post i commercial, shorthand. Knglisli : low rato»
"\rjOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELOO, BANJO: IIEA-'
■V sonab'.e. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045 V Valencia.
nIIEMISMY AND ASSAYING. OUNNING-
■\J ham's Schoo!. cor. Geary and Powell sts. -.
CJANI RANCJSCO BUSXNKB* COLLEGE, 123U
>_> arlcet : send for cat. : day and evening session.
V-ihfap"kst AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\j WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in tho
United ..Slates or Canada one year for $1 00, post-
ace free. ' '■ ' ■
' STOIC AGB' .: . .
V^R L^V^D~~FltElfGTrr^^ ; R^'NSFTßßr^^
Flflh and Bluxome Bts.— Furniture and goods
packed, snipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses: low rates; advances maJe. Tel. gouMi Jab.
O TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
O _old goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
W'iLsox BROTjaEBS; : 1710 . MARKET-
V> fctorage; low rates; telephone bouih <62.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
_• FEasO ;
Tjg^NO^CHANUI^ — ~— ~>—~ — — I
RS. PORTER RETURNED FROM THE
East, and will teceh the Berlin facial treat-
ment, which -gives the face a naturftl flush; get
Mrs. Portor's ozone for the teeth. -120 Kearnys;.,
parlor 52, Thurlow block.
PIRIVATE PARTIES HAVING MONEY IN-
vested at small interest can do betttr by con-
sultlng W. C, box 31, Call Office. :."> . * ,
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
jrx. i R v.-g a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice aad
™!£e Courts; terms reasonable: collections, etc. G.;
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
Al 1^!? 1 ' . H OBER . HEADQUARTERS OF
ATI Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout npiues.
bole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jenues Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions:
isend for catalogue. 34 Gaary st.. San Francisco. _
•]V|ISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
J'J- linery c:nss at her home, 14 Chattanooga St.,
Dei. iwenty-nrst aurt Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
morough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
f5- BEAT BEDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
V CKAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
Bfc, 1 HE, cor. Pine; full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
A G-VES-"WH V DIDN'T YOU GO LAST
-tv night? Got m v hair dressed at C. LEDER-
hM S parlors (successor to Mme. Spitz), llintock-
ton st.. : receivea best attention; was surprised at
price; only 25c; to-night sure. ! SS.
I L""OR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT TO
7~ "'f new gold mines In Alaska apply to C. D.
LAPP, 9 Thli-d St., San Francisco.
DRESSMAKING BUSINESS: CENTRALLY
I located ; for sale cheap. D.M.. box 63, Call Oilice.
PICTURE FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
glass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c;
11x14 and 12x16, 20c; 16x20, 30c; .20x24, 45c.
J"NE^, bi7 Mission st. *
Ei I'I'IAN HENNA, $1; HAIRDYE. PER-
fectly harmless. Laiigley-Michaels Co.; all
chemists; Hubbard'n 928, HaupUl's, 1156 MarkeL
|?OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO To"a 7
X STRASSER, 78 and 70 Center Market.
■pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday.
January b. For particulars address or apply 424
line st. , •
COM E. HAVE YOUR FEATHER BEDS, PlL-
lows rilled. 870 Mission, cor. sth. O. McCABE.
fflj 1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<lp X lioor. 209 Leavenworth si."
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IX EVERY ROOM— WlN-
chester House, 41 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $oper
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
Sutler st., between Stockton st. and Grant aye.,
where the best of coal can b» had at lowest prices.
ONE MORE CUT—
Oak Roil Top Desks. $14t0533
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets 917 60 up
Oilcloth* and Linoleums 80c up
Stoves and Ranges f 3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments- J. XOONAN,
1017. 101&. 1021, 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth.
LIBERAL ADVANCtSON I AM ( I DS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 918 Market st,
1 (\f\f\ BUSINESS I IARDB, JTI 60: rELE-
J.UUU pbpne "Black 141." HILL, Market.
SECOND-HAND AS WELIT^AS^NE \V BARS,"
0 showcases, counters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stork of
them, too; be sure and see s'.bck and get prices b»-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 101*
1021, 1023 Mission St.. above Si xth;
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT. AND SOLD:
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc. : cheap. Yard 1166 Mission s:.. near Ki;hth. .
pLOAKB, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
V- infrs' cost. Factorr, 20 Sansome Et.. upstaira.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS 1 AN D LADLK3
clothlne boucht. COLMAN, 41 Third st.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-^\- V»'EEKLY CALL, In wraDDer. for maiiinc.
DRjesSMAKKRs:
BR ADL E Y. 313. I^ELEOANT
stylish suits made, $5 up; dresses made over.
KK--SES CUT ANI.» FITTED, 33: DRESSES,
popular prices: wals;s $3. 13G«'«ryst. "
CUAIKVOJK IS.
M"^3ncTMoTlETu7^E_TT___)ru^iTß^vl<rATs
past, present and future; _5c up. 704 Howard.
UOF. LEON, RENOWNED PALMIST, CLAIR-
X vovant; has no equal: gives vnlunble advice:
convinces if others fail. 533 Post, 8 to 9; aisoSund,
M.v.1.. R.AVKNA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard,
■\l MX. PORTErTtHE CARD-READER, HAS
i'l returned: ladies 50c; gentlemen pi; clairvoy-
ant sittings $1 60. 12G Turk St., near Jones.
"\JME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
-'• great dairvoj ant and card-reader: seventh
daughter or the seventh daughter, has returned o
her old rooms in Ban Francisco; ladles and gents
50c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
STARLIGHT READS VOUU CARED R FROM.
the cradle to the ■:■. >■. Parlor 5. 805Vz Market.
AIRS. RYNER9OX WORLD-FAMED L7>
i-'l. cater of mines and minerals. Room 20, 148
Sixth st. .'.■'-
RKSENT, PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. MME
LKGOETTE, 311 Tehatnast., near Fourth.
MME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire ilfe, put,
present, future; ccnsultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice; aura
help: restores lost love by sympathy: mistake iin-
pos.sible; fee gi; letter E'J. 829 Post St., nr. Larkin.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. FORTUNE TELLER;
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
; future wife and husband; teaches fortune tellins;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has tlio
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. .232.6 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
SPIRIXLALIS3I.
A SWA IN, PSYCHIC SENSITI VeTwILL
-A. road for ladies only. 227 Gt-ury st.
ROFESbOK VAN DE VERE, "~
■ . .... _ ■ *
That famous exponent of occultism Is now in the
city; advice given on business Investments; specu-
lation, love, courtship, mHrriaw and divorce, in
fact, upon all matters affecting your future happi-
I ness! letters with stamp answered; office hours 9
a. m. to BE, m. Parlors, 305 Jones, between Eddy
and Eliis. • ■ • ....
RS. MAUD LORD DRAKE, PSYCHOME-
tri«t and diagnostician : <Mrcl<* Tuesday, Thurs-
day and Friday nights. .708 O'Farrell street.
GYPSY MEDIUM; CHARMS GIVEN FREE-
readings 50c., gents $1. . luO_ Mission St., r. 1.
MME. PULLEN: CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 8 TO 9;
sitting dally. 865J& Market • st., room iv.
MISS « MELVINA; CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE
picture of future husband or wife. 7tSti l j<> How-
ardst. _j .. ■
R. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 697 Ellis st.
MBS. J. X WHITNEY, UsjAIBVOYANT
trance medium: .sittings 218 Stockton st.
LOST.
T OST— IN OR L?T_^7?r oTT7iE^toNTGOM^
XJ <ry market 3 bankbooks, 2 of the German and
lof the Hibernia Sank. Return to this oillce and
receive reward.
LOST — LADY'S POCKET-BOOK; OWNER'S
name on cards im-ile: liiifler may keep mobey
and book. Re:nrn receipts, papers, glasses and key
to secretary of Foresters' ail. 102 O'Farrell at.
OST— PROM :uuu SANCHEZ ST.. SATUR-
day evenipg, an English female pug. Return
to above address and receive reward.
T OST-EXEMPT ~f 1 1 CO. BADGE (130);
JJ suitable.. reward. Supt. of Streets' offices City
Hall. . .
OST— JAN. 11, CUFF-BUTTON ON MARKET
st. Return J. L.. 'JO Kearny; reward.
T OST —BLACK AND TAN TERRIER. RE-
X.l turn to ]013'/ 2 Folsom st. and receive reward.
MONEY, BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
iX papered and'painted by the Co-operative Paper-
-1 nangin? Company, 635 McAllister st.
— — -— __
FOUND.
FOUNT)— A YOUNG BROW'ST 'fE M AL I-fiDOIP
X I has collar and tag on. Call at 23 John st., oii
Mason. ' ■■■■••-■■ --• —
————-—_ _ _ ..
DENTISTS.
D'^C^EORGE^w'. ~'~; LKEK?^Vn^7ui£yv7SK
Leek dentist, discoverer of palniesi extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell %'.
AINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE/
i\- DX. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. .
D"~R. H. H. SHAW, KEARNY — BRIDQE-
work *. specialty; open evenings .7:30 to 9. ' 5
DM. l. T. CKANZ-EXTRACTION painless.
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
CIROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 J(AK-
/' ket, bet. 3d and 4tb, gas specialists; only reli-
aole nsent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm ,*1 : extracting 50c. with gassl.
C«7:aset i-uit teeth.: aVarr anted as
tjj? I. good as can be made: .filling $1. DR. SIMMs,
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
I \li. LUDLUM HIL_, 1443. MARKET 8T
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whoii
plate.s are made: o!d' plates. made over like new;'
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 51) c; gas given. , '
COLTON DKNTAL ASSOCIATION. 80 Mift.
ket lit. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. LEEK.-1200 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays' till noon.
ALL ' WORK REASONABLE: AND WAR-"
ranted. DR. .1. W. KKY. 1122 Market st.
— ~ — ATTOIMCEYS-AT-JLAW. ~
DVIc'ITiREE; DIVOItCK "aND^PROBATE
laws a specialty; sulu, .Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc
G.W.HOWE, atl'y-at-law. 850 Market.cor.Stock ton
fli .'. MUKRY, ATT'Y AND COUiNSELO AT
J • luw; u'lvica free. 21 Sixth »t., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORN KY-AT-LAW.4M
.Vr • Califoinla su rrns. 14-16; adtlce free. • ,
CITY .REAL .ESTATE. _■'_._'
r\ H. UMBSEN «X CO.. ■ .V.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS. '
14 Montgomery St., near Market.
Cell end obtain one of our '.'Real Estate Records.*
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
tfiit&ot the city. .
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS. _ ...
GJQC.AA BEAUTIFUL MISSION HOME;
ifi)tJO\J\J . nice 2-story bay-window residenc of
9 rooms and bath; brick foundation; stone walks;
lovely grounds; lot 61:6x122:6; Howard st.
Clf/HAA BARGAIN: RENT $588 PER AN *
<y-iIUV/. nutn: 3 substantial flats: corner Of
prominent street in a good renting location east o
Larkin St.; street accepted.
©QTfkn - O°D BAY-WINDOW FLATS
«3DO i \J\J; on 25tli St.; brick loundation; rent
$30. ' ■ ■ - - - - ■
<£QfiAn RENT $840 PER ANNUM: 4 SUB-
<_> uV\J\j . stantlal bay-window flats; nearly new;
brick loundatioa; lot 48x81:3; Fillmore st.
CL'l A OKA RENT $75 PER MONTH;
«J)Xl.'._i«Ju. Stockton st.; 3-story brick building
ana lot. . ! ' '
0> Il\ AAA 8 3-STORY HOUSES AND LOT
M'.UUU. 75x112:6, on a wide street south
of Market st. : street accepted by the city.
G»-I^AAA 3 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW
tjp I«J.UI-'v'. bouses and 2 cottages: north side
of Oak st. and Jlickory aye.: lot 55x120; '_ front-
agesirent $1116 per annum.
mj/79-A. RENT $720 PER ANNUM: 8 ELE-
<3) • £O\J. traiit bay-window flats on Church St.:
brick foundation, etc.; lot 25x125.
<mr?AAA NICE HOME ON BAKER ST.;
i?X)\J\J\J . nearly new and substantial bay- win-
dow residence of 9 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion; street accepted by the city; lot 25x82:6.
<_ XPAA 2 NICE FLATS OP 4 AND 5 ROOMS
>7i)UUU, and bath each and lot; corner brick
building ou Washington at.; stone walks; street
accepted. ; :-a'. ; _ __■--' "i-,.. '
ffl»O7nn A BARGAIN; CORNER ON BRY-
tjp— I \J\J. ant aye.: 2-itory building in store and
3 rooms aud flut; brick foundation ; business cor-
ner. ; . .;
<BiQ%nn WILL TRADE EQUITY FOR VA-
«J^O«.)'"V/- cant lot: a real bargain; 2-story bay-
window residence of 7 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation; all modern improvements; nearly new;
25x111; nice location In the Mis.siou.
G. 11. UMBSE.N A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
A*
AUCTION.
PROBATE SALE.
Subject to the approval of the Superior
•— Court, the property known as
NOS. 617 TO £311/;. STEVENSON ST.,
will be sold at public auction, in our
oflice, at 12 o'clock, noon, on the 23d of
Janoarv, 18D6. ' -; »<■
. ' LOT 155x75.
Good Improvements; all rented, and
bringing in an income of $292 per
.;, mouth. Call for a diagram.
BALDWIN & : .
HAMMOND. ;'.-•.
10 Montgomery st,
IF YOU BUY A LOT "
X BEFORE FEBRUARY IST
You will be qualified to compete for the prizes we
have offered to parties who will build houses in the
Castro-sti'eet Addition before April 1. 1896. This
oner is iilso open •to the 115, people who have al-
ready pu chased. Send for our piinted circular
giving full particulars and conditions of this lib-
eral offer, which is equal to $750 in coin.
As we have large holdings of land in the Castro-
street Addition we are u!i!ini* to make th»se very
: liberal inducements, realizing that the value of our
lsnd will be increased.
If you have not seen tlie Castro-streetAddltion go
at once. It. is the cheapest property in the city.
GOOD BUILDiNi; LOTS CAN
BK HAD FOR $350
On streets craded, sewered and macadamized;
water piped to every 10-; electric lights ou the
property: all ready for Immediate building. •
! On the line of the Guerrero-street electricroad;
26 minutes ' ride from the City Hall; 5 minutes'
from 30th and Guerrero streets.
THE TERMS ARE $5 A MONTH.
Can yon buy 10..< anywhere else in this city with
street work done for $350 on $5 monthly pay-
-1 ments? Buy a lot, build a bouse and get a prize.
BALDWIN „ HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
SEi.LlNi* FAST,
Those choice lots on
( lemei;t 61., l'oint Lobos and
• 2,'ith ayes.; extra lnrjre lots:
Prices $375 and upward ; *
' $60 cash: $'0 monthly;
A line opportunity
• To make money.
Sutro electric cars on Clement st.
BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
• ■ 10 Montgomery st-
©Cjnnn HOUSE: 0 ROOMS; CORNER, 41x
<DOwUU. 88. Western Addition; easy terms.
Address Reverses, box 49, Call. ____j
ANTED— FOX CASH, LOW-PRICED HOME-
" stead or park lot. Address proposition to S.,
box 39, Cull Ollice.
~~\ M. SPKCK <fc CO., 602 MARKKI'sf! "
-l V. M. SPECK CO;. 602 MARKET ST.
$100,000 to loan In sums to suit.
HOMES! HOMES' HOMES!
20 houses to be sold to satisfy
Mortgages. Terms, $200 down. •
Every one offered wonh double our
price. .
$'-'000—2 flats downtown; rent $18;
a snap.
$3000—2 new flats; rent $30; on car
/.j line.
Rentss4B; 3 new oa car
line. '.-.v.v-./i'
, $6500— Two elegant flats, with a sta-
ble, on Pa^e st.
$8750—3 clogant flats near Hatght
and Fillmore: rents $61: lot 25x110.
$8000—3 Hats ou Bush, near Jones-
rents $70.
$95,000— Business property: 3 front-
ages: rents $800: lot 80x120 feet.
$12,500— Kills st.; Investment; rents '
$125. . . 1- ! f-c^-ti-%
$10,000— Business property on Steuart
Street, near Market. •
. "c,* -'-■■ - $'..'0.00(1— new improvements: ■ •
rents f 180.
$70.000— Coruer: 70x100; within a
few blocks of Baldwin; rents $6000:
worth $100,000: offer wanted oace.
$110,000— Busiuess property on Mar-
ket St.: 2 frontajes; oiler wanted: lot
50x165.
$17,000— Stores and flats; lot 40x90
feet: rents $140: on Larkin st. - ;
$16,000— bargain in the mar-
ket; surely worth $20,000: $POOO can
remain on mortgage; tine nftprove-
ments: rent $150: only few blocks from
Y. M. C. A. ■
CC. BEMIS. ~~~ ■—-—--—
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
ij. t ,;-', • • 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
• $7200 rent a year — Brick building; business
property on Market st. . -r..-v
120x195— NW. cor. of A St. and 27th aye.; as"a
whole or in subdivisions.
1 1 ,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker St.: 55x
137:6 feet.
$2800— E. side of Ktanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$460-San Carlo* Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x1V!7:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. .
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
parK: 25*137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer. . . ■
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont. . •
. $400— Lot. on Duncan St., bet. is 00 and Castro: 25
xll4 feet.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts. •
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
EXTRAORDINARY BARGAIN. ■■ ■ . . .
X_ PRICE $5600. PRESENT INCOME, «50
SHOULD liri.\"<; $75 a MONTH.
Elegant 4-story fine building on heavy brick
foundation; containing 16 main beautifully rin-
ished rooms. 20 closets, 11 marble mantel's and
grates. 4 bnthrooms, dummy waiter, elevators,
speaking-tubes, bay-windows front and rear, man-
sard roof, new plumbing, sidewalk, sewer and
street work good and complete; tho 23x97 :6-foot
lot has open paved alley in rrar; in first-class con-
dition; 5 minutes' walk from Market and Kearny.'
. v • . . 1 N. D. SICKELS,
THE
• v " LAND AGENT,
' 318 Post St., bet. Stocxton ana Powell, City.
ffijl WS g BEBK XI.X V LOTS.
up X $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cap. . ' , ,
175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 25x100; 9SI weekly: sewered. " .
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly; macadamized.
$250— Creek coiner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100; $1 weekly.
HAS. a. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
statiop, Berkeley. ,■:,■•■■'■■■■-■■■ . ■ -. -. ■ ■--..-; ,
TVTEW HOUSE: 5 ROOMS AND ATTIC AND
■1> .bptl); modern improvements; Jersey su-nr.
Douglass, Apply WM. I'LANT, cor. 24th ana
Douglass. ... _..:..-..- .j. .'- . - >■-
£• 9A AJF " SOLD TO-DAY; THIS . LOT- IS
i£)d<d\J\J. worth double; 2 blocks south ot ,;. the
park; cash or installments; title insurance; see
owner at once. 9 Powell St., room 3. ;
OUHES _UlLT!|>lso TO $275 A ROOM. CALL
.and examine p lan*. • 1149 Mission st. , t
POTTAGE JUST COMPLETED; $3600; EASY
\J terms; Shotwell st., near 17th; 5 rooms, bath,
gas; elegant- mantels, shades: tiled sink; all mod-
ern ; open daily. E. P. E. TROY', owner, 301 Cali-
fornia st.
FOkTsALE OR TRADE— I6O-ACRE GRAIN
ranch : all fenced ; comfortable buildings; - near
Tipton, Tulare County: price $6000. PHILBRICK
<fe CO., 5J548 Folsom, near Twenty-second. ■
AKEVIEW LOTS: NEAR NEW RACE-
track; low prices; easy terms. -■ THB.McOAR-
THY CO.. 646 Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
O'FARKELL & CO., ' ; '
REAL ESTATE BROKERS,
11 Montgomery st. .
Q^fiflft POLK-ST. RESIDENCE; 2-STORY:
rs)*J\J\J\J. 7 roorag and both! modern; rent .*.;()
per month; lot 25x100: • will be very valuable
property. _ •'.'-.;•--• vp.^.:.i .,.
©^CfkA PROBATE SALE: 3 HOUSES ON
«IpU«JUV/. lot-50 feel front: pays 10 per cent;
only a few steps from Fourth and Market sts. >
SOLD FOR ABSENTEE: LARKIN-ST. COR-
ner; large froptago; both streets accepted,
worth $18,000; will be eolri for $14,000; one of the
few inside vi;cun: proper^es in the market. >•>: -/,•
THE CHEAPEST YET: 2 LOTS NEARMAR-
ket and 17th; level; street graded ana sewered;
no lot on same street can be bought for less than
81000: will be saciiflced for $I'JOO each to make
immediate saie.
*350 TO $525 EACH.
HAVE YOU SEEN OFARRELL CO.'B
MOST I'OPULAR SUBDIVISION?
150 satisfied purchasers since the sale com-
menced.'
Will you make it 151?
Beautiful little cotta;e3 springing up all over the
tract.
Remember there are but 12 lots left. •
. That they are level. .. ...--: ». .
That the street work is done.
That they are all less then a block from Mission
st. and the electric cars.
That they are sold on $10 monthly payments.
Thnc we have a branch oftlce on the property ,
and our representative, GEO. A. TURNER, will be
there daily from 10 to 12 and all day Sunday until
the lots are sold. -
Takt- Mission-st. electric cars, get off at Cotter
st. or China aye. and you are on the property.
O'FARRELL <fc CO.,
11 Montgomery Bt.
ONEY ~ '
i-'J- LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY THE
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
OFFICE— MILLS BUILDING.
L. R. ELLERT, MANAGER.
<njl 9 r\f\Ci SOLID 3-story RESIDENCE;
L —.\J\J\J. 7'J7 Golden Gate aye.: lot, 25x
137:6. This is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Billiard-room; frescoing, etc. Open
lor inspection.
CJ»X DOWN, $5 PER MONTH; CITY LOTS-
,rSiO giooup. the MCCARTHY CO., 646 m arket!
MONEY TO LOAJS.
MONEY TO LOAN ON DAMON, 303 Montgyjst.
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON, 303 Montgyjst.
ONEY LOANED. 6V2 PER CENT ON MORT-
gages. A. F. JOHN aft CO., 632 Market st.
\\r HYFAY *5 .ON THE HUNDRED COM-
• ' mission to the broker when you can get the
£ame direct from the loatier without it and with-
out charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furniture of private families, which fnrniture
is now under tho new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal; any amount from $100 to
$5000. 418 Ellis St.. room ' 22. • s- . w
I OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
-i-J mortgages, furmtur? or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
OANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
-Ll city or country: furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY.ETO
Columbia Loan <fc Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
\ NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-M. estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
"I ST AND 2D MORTGAGES; CITY OR COUN
J- try; administrators' mortpaces, Interests in es-
lates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 6v!B Mkt.
MORTGAGES. PROBATE LOANS, WAFU
rants. SALOMON A CO., 328Montgniry,r.214.
Money LOANED ON j"ewelry and
other valuables at the. Security Loan Office,
1106Marketst.,nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS, WITHOUT
removal. Room 68, Donohoe b'd'er, 1170 Market
OTICE OF $10,000 1O LOAN.— NOTICE IS
X> hereby given that thf sum Ol tin tbonsami
•'.ollars, belonging to the Robinson equesi rand, is
ready to be loaned lor a term of years, to be se-
cured by a first mortgage on real estate in San
Francisco. California. All bids, with full partic-
ulars as to terms, shou!d be delivered at the
Mayor's office, new City Hall, The right to reject
any bid is reserved. A DOLPH SUTRO, Chairman
of the Robinson Bequest Commission. Dated Jan-
uary 7. 1f96. ■:. '^
pawnbrokers;
AT 1 'J i i KK.M'.NV BT., ROOK 9— MONE Y
-£V loaned, wtitolies, diamonds, etc.; low rates: prl-
vate roi.i.i.i: eii-vatur: pi(-.l sale cheap.
FIKA.VtIAL.
] OANE <>N Ist AN D2D MaHToXoES AND
JLi life insurance pollclen: low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery s:.
ANY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write; open
evenings. 3. Nqi iNAN.jO-.'iMiaaiou st-
MJtimcAi,.
■\TR^or^^oD7'"Mimv7FEr~sisßA^ET~o^
■I'-l the womb a specia ty. 230 Clara st., nr. Fifth.
ALL lEMALE " " IRREGULARITIES RE"
-Tl- stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed; consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 osl St., near Larkln.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
mems or -worthless pills usea; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat.
icr from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated saTe and sur<j call on men's
physician ;knowledge can l>e sent and used at home;
all cases Kiiaranteed. DR. POPPER, 'MS Kearr.y st.
D-. GOODWIN -MAKES A SPECIALTY "OF
diseases of women and n stores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
in -d mill attendance: low lees; regulator, S2.
1370 Market. • . , . .- /\
AB LESHING to ladies — INSTANT rs
lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever '
cause) by the most experienced Indies' physicians
In San Francisco, restorea all cases by an improved
method. superior to others; ladies will save time
and money, bo assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
cially invited; home In confinement: treatment
warranted; advice free, conlideniial. DR. and MRS.
Da\ IKS, 1-tMcAiiis't-r si., near Jones.
"I ADIEB — DATJDKT'S FEMALE REG ULA
JJ ting Pills: Btionuest. safest, best; m-vcrfall;
$1 per box. WIDKKR'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
icrmerly cor. Market n:id Third s£3.. sole aKems.
Di;. HALL.J4McA LLISTKR KI'REKT, NEAR
TJones. Diseases of women and children.
A SURE CURB FOR ALL FEMALE~~dTs^
eases, from whatever rause: a homo in con-
finement with every comfort; xatlsfactioa guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. UWTER. 226 Turk st.
DU PRAE'S FEM ALE~REG ULATING PILLS;
sole and efficient emmenagogue; .$1 \u,r box.
RiCHAItDS&CO., druggists.4o6 Clay st. .solo ag'ta.
A HUME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
XV MR- 1 . DR, K'-, Uiefiigbrfa ot.. Alameda.
VI RS. DR. WEGENER; PR l VATE HOME IN
I'l confinement: irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Ertdv st.
LPEAIJ'S" FRENCH PILLS, A BOOS TO
A ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger;
Bftfe and Rure: $2 50 express 0. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. Cal.
jF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASS"
JL see Mrs. Dr. Puetz and be content. 254Vfe 4th.
TO ICXCIIANOK. '
ALOON^ XnI)~LODGINO-liOUSe"for'"a'
clear lot in Mission ; value if 1000. HERMAN,
706 Battery St.- •
OUSE WANTED IN EXCHANGE FOR 2
park lots; difference in cash. AplivT. 8., box
4S. Call Olhce.;
SUEKII'F'S SAL.ES. .
SHERIFF SALE— BY VIRTUE OF AN OR-
O der issued out of the Superior Court, Depart-
ment No. 10, in and for the City and County of
Ban Francisco, State of California, in the matter of
PHILIP N. Vl'.Nli. in his individual capacity
and us a partner transacting business under the
firm name and style of P. N. YUN<; & CO., and
also a member of ■ partnership entitle 1 YUNG&
HKN'SLEV. I have leviedupon all the right, title
and interest of said insolvent, in and to the follow-
ing described property, to-wit: Wines, liquors,
cash register, safe, nickel-in-t machine,
glassware, decanters, empty botilci, fixtures, etc.,
etc. .
Notice is hereby given that on SATURDAY, the
18th day of January, 1890, at 11 o'clock a. m., at
warehouse corner of Aih avenue and Larkln
streets, In the City and County of San Francisco, I
will sell the said above-mentioned property to the
highest bidder for cash.
■ v - RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
San Francisco, January 14. 1896. ' ' '
l,t(iAL IMOTICJES. •: .• ■ -
ATOTICE TO CRKDITOBS — ESTATE OP
IN CIIARIiiiS O'Mai.ley. Ueceased. Notice is
hereby given by the Undersigned, aiinlnistrutor of
the estate ot the said deceased, to the creditors of,
and all persons having claims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary vouch-
ers, within four (4) months after the first publica-
tion of this notice, to the salt! administrator at his
offices, 319 Pine street, San Francisco. Crl., the
sumo being his place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate in the City and County
of Ban Francisco, SP&te of California. -
• .•■■.. ■ r ■ A. C. FREESE.
Administrator of the estate of CHARLES
O'MALLEY, deceased. ■;?-".■ ■ - . • .
Dated at San Francisco, January. 7. lB96. ; ' , v *r v'
I J. D. SULLIVAN, attorney for administrator
319 Pine si., S. F., Cal. ... -.
BUILDING ANI» XOAN ASSOCiATION.
?MJ N TIN EX TA L L UN G *XnD "LOAN ~AH
\J soclation-'-Home office, Sansome st., S. F,
General savings & loan business. Kd E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eidridgo V.Pr.; W Corbin,Hec.<SGen.Maa ;
COtMKT KEAIL. JESTATii,.
<2* 1Q •; PER ACRE. "~~
IZO PRUNE ORCHARD ALMOST GIVEN
AWAY; 68 acres of prunes and almonds, 7 years
old, that will compare with any orchard in the
State; soil, water, climate, shipping, all first class:
this is the.best buy in California.. For further j ar-
i ticulars apply to BOVEE.TOY <6 CO., 19 Mont-
gomery st. ' '
ALL IN FRUIT AND TABLE GRAPES BUT
10 acres; only l mile from town;- 37% acres;
tine improvements; pears, peaches, rruues, figs;
will Income at least $1500 clear: a large list of per-
sonal property reduced from $14,000 to $8000 to
make quiclf sale; Al creek bottom corn land: half
cash. D. H. TWISG, Sonoma City ; inquire at 632
Market St., 8. Fv. . . - , - ■
OR ANG E BLOSSOM COLONY. i
' OAKDALE, STANISLAUS C 0,,; CAL.
Beautiful young orance groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus Blver, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
Stociuou and Merced. Thd Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal run 3 direcitly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right. ...:,.'■,.-
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
■who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
ana planted to oninse trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fnlly paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable ia
Eix annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particular maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
t>3B Maricet Street.
ban Francisco, CaL
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative,
. Oakdale, CaL
fi(\(\ ACRES IN SAN I.UIS COUNTY;
\J\J\J all level: plenty of water; Rood range: very
desirable for stock; will trade tor business In city
or city property. G. S., Eureka Delivery, 1146
Mission st. -^ _^
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— 24O ACRES: 200
J level. 60 clear; nice orchard assort-ed fruits:
plenty of wood and water; good dwelling, barn,
etc.; nearly all fenced: close to large town:10
1 hours Irom city; $3000; part cash, balance on
time: will trade for city property or good business.
C, 8., box 77, this office.
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75ueracre; terms made
to suit; send forcircular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
TO 8 ACRE CHKKKN RANCHES' ON 10
years' credit. D. H. TWTNG. Sonoma City.Cai.
SEND OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS --THJS
v *- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, lor mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HAVE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots: land tree and clear: will assume some
mortgage. CHAB. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland. '■':;,■.::.-:.:•■•
<5»"1 (\f) A COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS; PRETTY
«Ipi-"Wv/. linish; fenced: near the Altenheim;
electric-cars; on installments; a bargain. 11. B.
PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland. - ;
KKTIHING MERCHANT WISHES TO TRADE
his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Hay ards or San Leandro. For full particu-
lars address box 4. Call HBce, Oakland.
FOB SALE— A N 1 i E OAKLAND COTTAGE
home; northeast corner; convenient to local
6tation, school, etc.: cost more than $5000; will
be sold for less than 94000. on very easy payments.
Apply to T. K. ANXMSBBON, 463 Ninth st., Oak-
land.
Cr OjJ MONTHLY FOH ft-KOOM COTTAUEa:
*^if plans free. F. BOKGLK. Golden Gatß statn.
<£; ,"Cn LOTS NEAR THE A LTENH E I M"l N
<DXO\J. FrnitvaJe; electric CRrs; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fust: good improvements.
i ii. B. I'INNEY. own.T. SII2 Bror-lwav. >i»kland.
1 *"" ||ii i m ""~" ' i^— « 1 , I^^^^^
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA3I.DA UEAL * STATE.
I EXCELLENT MODERN HoIIe^ATGREAT^
■i Iy reduced prices.
$2000— 4-rcom dw«-lllnir:. original cost $2250.
WKBO— S- o»m dwelling; original <'os 98000.
$3250— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3500.
?atJOO— 6-room dwelllns;; oriclna! rosl .*3500.
$32 o— 6-room dwelling; original cost 53600.
*5100— 6-room dwelling: original coat $3750.
$7500— 9-room dwelliug: original cost S9OOO.
All new and modern on largo lots and 'v good
locations; very small cash payments and ea3v in-
stallments. No reasonable terms refused. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Ala-
meda.
Of| FURNISHED HOUSE, 5 ROOMS AND
_ Ov.-bftth; also 4 rooms partly furnished In
basementj 9 rooms In all; 2 blocks from narrow-
gauge station. Alameda, Cal. Address \VM. P.
TOPI). 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
en rtADOWS - F.r.ECANT" NP'AV 5-room
tljjX \J\J mo-Jprn cottaae in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 36x160: price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda. •■
Q A f\f\f\ NEW AND MODERN HOUSE OF 7
«Tp"3:V.'UU. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: in
KOo.l locality; terms easy; installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD CO.. l:'t34 Park St., Alameda.
JJKKKKJLIii KJSAX iiSTATJS.
'QPinn"^" I^*' FOH tITe FURNITirRE
tjitM'V/ pood-will thrown in: large hoarding-
house, with good business only half a block from
university grounds; given up on account of sick-
d«ss. 'JOs. J. MASON, JJwight way station.
Berkeley. ty^
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
HKAIi KSTATK.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LAN Da
19jC00 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Arply to c. H. I'HILLIPS, proprietor.
S2 East Santa Clara st., Ban Jose, CaL
PHYSICIANS.
DB.A.DI LUCl^pTlYslc7^ r K(T?fol^lT(>YA7]
University Turin.ltnly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
\f KS. OR. I'A i: 1.0\v," "cm BOPODIST. 126
I>X Kearny, rm. 47, hrs. 11 to 5; res. St. Nicholas.
p emov DX. O. c. O'DONNELL to 1206
J-t Murket st. ; diseases of women a specialty.
51AKB1AGE LICKNSKS
The following marrlnge licenses were issued by
the County Cleric's oihee yesterday: •
11. L. Dowd and Marguerite C. O'Connell, 30—24.
Joao J. Silvai and Lionor dos Angos, 32—27.
Josenh J. (^oughlin and Mary Hughes, 27—23.
Hem W. Nelson and Tiny Johnson, 20—31.
Charles Stres ami Dora Hillmann, 31—28. k !?£ "-
John \V. Green and Angle B. Adams, 45—39.
tfc A. Shlnman and Catherine A. Calluhan. 25—23.
H. \V. Carter and Annie L. Haedrich, 25—23.
John J. Sullivan and Lizr.le Hazel,. 25—
W. J. Roney and Hsutie McKiernan, 24—27.
Allen- L. Black and Nettle Mayfield, 33—22. -
W. H. E. Froehllch and M. M. Hauganrd. 22—21.
J. McPatdran and Elizabeth Condon, 32—23.
Thomas Hanlon and Katie Flaherty. 26—22.
 ;I>IVOKCE IMIOCEISmSTGS.
Complaints filed:
Lizzie Moore asrainst Thomas W. Moore.
Etta E. McCluhe against James H. McClune.
; Violet Rosencrantz against Moseu Kosencrantz.
Divorce granted ; . • . .
Augusta Sternheim from Isidor Sternhelm, for
neglect and desertion. Plaintiff allowed to reaume
her maiden name of Augusta Bruenlnghaus.
Action for alimony:
Samuel G. Ma.-f>herson vs. Elizabeth Macphpr-
aon, • Plaintiff ordered to pay defendant and cross-
complainam $20 a month alimony and $50 counsel
fees. - ■ • • - . •
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
, [Birth, mnrrititve and death notices sent by mall
■ will not be Inserted. They must be handed In at.
either of the publication oflices and bs Indorsed
with the name and residence of persona authorized
to have the same publbhed.J ' !
**■".* BOKN.
FLEISSIQ— In this City. January ! 14, 1896. to the
wife of I. F!ei3Sig, a son.
LESS— Int his city, January 14, 1896 t to tho wife
of Isadora Less, a son.
MORRIS— In this City. Jannary 7, 1896, .to the
wife of Charles C. Morris, a son. , .->
O'DONNELL-In this city, January 4. 1896, to the
wife of John O'Douneli, a son.
yon WREDEN— In Sansalito, January •9, 1896,
to the wife of C. yon Wreden, a son. ■. ' . ■
WEINSHENK— In thiscity, January 14, 1896,
to tho wife of Charles Welnshenk, a son. ; ;
MAKKIKD. ~ '
BLACK-MA YFIELD-In thiscity, January 13,
189b. by the Rev. Dr. Dllle. Allen -L. Black of
Guinda, Yolo County, Cal., and Nettle Mayfield
of Mayville, Or. - -
TUTTLE— In thlsclty. January 13, 1896,
&w tho . R V -- W - S -B°var<l, Herbert M. Tuttle and
Effle A. Quiun,
DIED.
Anderson. Henry . • Kennerson, Homer E.
Biancliiird, Emiie '. Larsen, Agnes M.
Burns, Annie McDermott, John
Couch, John McHugh, Bridget
De Young, Louis MathUon, Anne M.
Devlin, Jane Nelson, Laurence
Dibble. John H. Oberg, John P.
Dledrlch, Minna O'Rourke. Thomas
Dimond, Hueh : Pinano, Antonio
Dyer. Magdalena B. Roach, Ann
Oilman, Mrs. E. D. • Ryan, Maeete
Hall, Waldo P. Schubert. Mrs. Paulin*
Hill. Nellie Tuomuson, Agnes
Hoftmauu, Clarisse F. Welch, John J.
Hulford, Mrs. E. W. Webb, Arthur L.
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospital
January 13, 1898, Henry Anderson, aged 63
years.
BLANCHARD— In Seattle, January 8, 1896
Emile Blancbard, a natlvo.of San Jose, aged i>J
cars.
BURNS— In this city, January 14, 1896, at hei
residence, 1117 Golden Gate avenue, Annie, be-
loved wife of the late Dr. Peter Burns, nn<l
mother of Mrs. Dr.W. F. Egan, a native County
Gal way, Ireland, aged 65 years. ••*i 3 ■ * 7«>;
JKB'Notice of nmei nereafter,
COUCH— this city, January 18, 1896. John,
dearly beloved husband of Rose Couch, a native
Of Cornwall, England, . _;..-. l 67 years.
Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock v. m.. from his lat«
residence, 448 Guerrero street. Interment Laurej
Hill Cemetery. .
De YOUNG — In this city. January 14. 1896, Louli
de Young, brother of Mrs. J.. R."Fulda and Mrs.
N. L. Squeire, a native of New York City, aged
58 years. Wi'^U
DEVLIN— In thiscity, January 14, 1896. Jane,
. beloved wife of the late Matthew Devlin, a:i<)
mother of Henry Devlin and Mra. ■ John T.
Dailey, a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged
49 years. fßrooklyn (N. Y. papers please copy.)
ft»TFriend3. and acquaintances ar respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
(Thursday) at -2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 12 Zoe street, near Bryant, thence to s;.,
Rose's Church for services. Interment Mount
calvary Cemetery.
DIBBLE— At Santa Clara, January 13, 1896, Joho
H. Dibble, aged 78 years.
*arTlie funeral will take place Tnis DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his rate
residence, Santa Clara. \ . •: \,
DIEORICH— In this city, January ll,lB96.MinnM
Dledrlch, a native of Chile, aged 37 years tJ
months and 11 days. : ••, ■
DIMOND— In Fruitvale. January 14, 1896. at his
residence. "Hugh . Dlmond, a native of County
Derry, Ireland, aged 65 years 9 months and 17
days.
ffifFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the solemn requiem mass
to be celebrated tor tho repose of his soul at St.
Anthony's Church, East Oakland, TO-MORROW
(Thursday), commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment private, Mount. Calvary Cemetery.
Friends are requested to please omit flowers.
DYER— In thlsclty. January 14, 1896, Magdalena
8., beloved wife of Frederick J. Dyer, and
mother of William B. Dyer, a native of Slesvig,
Germany, aged 25 years and 10 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly invited to attend the. funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her mother, 406 i/ Sixth street. Inter-
ment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery,
GILMAN— Near Mount Hamilton, January 14,
1896, Mrs. Elizabeth D. Gilman, aged 75 years 9
months and. 22 days.
HALL— In this city. January 14, 1896,' Waldo P.
Hall, a native of Klskiyou County, Cal., aged 24
years and 10 months. : t •
HILL— In thiscity, January 14. 1896. Nellie, be-
loved daughter of James and Catherine Hill, and
sisterof Mrs. N. B. Skinner and James, John
and Maggie Hill, a native of San Francisco, aged
17 years and 1 1 montns.
JWFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parehts. 326 Bluxome street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HOFFMANN-In this city. January 14, 1896,
Clarisse Francolse Hoffmann, a native of Nancy,
France, aged 80 years and 11 months.
ffF-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her son, 112 Valencia street Interment
private. i. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HULFORD -In Oakland, January 13, 1896, Mrs.
E. W. Hulford, a native of Ireland.
KENNERSON— In this c:ty, Jannary 14, 1896,
• Homer E.. beloved husband of Lesta Kennerson,
and son of Eliisba and Elizabeth Kennerson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 year 3.
LARSEN— In this city. January 12, 1896. at her
residence, 007 Howard street, Agnes Mary, be-
loved daughter of Catherine and the late A.. J.
Larsen, and fcister of L. A. Larsen.- a native of
Chicago, 111., aged 23 years 2 months and 22
days.
ASf-Frlends and acquaintances nm resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY .
(Wednesday), 1:30 o'clock p. m., irom her late
residence, 907 Howard street, thence to the Flrsc
Baptist Church. Eddy street, between Jones and
Leavenworth, for services at 2 o'clock p. it.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— this city, January 13, 1896, at
his residence, 124 Tenth street, John, beloved
husband of Margaret McDermott, a native of
Ireland, a::e 1 77 years.
KS"Y he funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday) from Bt. Joseph's Church, Tenth
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Pleasa omit flowers.
Interment private.
McHUGH— In this city, January 13, 1896, BrldcPt,
beloved wife of Owen McHugh, and mother of
Mamie, Annie, James. William F.. J. J., Saran,
Ignatius and George McHugh, a native of County
Longford, Ireland, aged 40 years and 10 months.
JHJ-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 1798 McAllister street, Uience to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy and Scott streets, where a
requiem high mass w'.ll be celebrated for t!ia
repose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock:
a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MATHISON— Id Hedwood City. January 13, 1896,
Anne Marie Mathison, a^ed 45 years 7 months
and 17 days.
NE LSON— In this city, January 14, 1896, Laurence
Nelson, beloved son of Mrs. N. Petterson. and
brother of Addle and Tillie Nelson, a native of
San Francisco, ased 14 years and 3 months.
JtyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeril THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Theodor Dierics, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Blxth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. ■ '
O'KOURKE— In this city, January 13, 1896,
Thomas, beloved- son of Patrick and Mary
O'RonrKe. and brother of Patrick, Martin. John
and William O'Rourke, a native of Carerow,
parish of Dunmore, County Galway, Ireland,
aged 33 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesdp.yt. at 9 a. m., from the residence ol
the parents, 3:iS Thirteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Cnurcn, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. it
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OBERG— In this city. January 14. 1896, John.
Peter Oberg, a native of Sweden, aged 45 years,
PINANO— In this city, January 13, 1896. Antonio,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Pinauo, and
father ot Emelio, John, Dominlck and Annla
Pinano. a native of Canton Ticino, Switzerland,
aged 36 years and 6 months. , ... •:.
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to Notre Dame dps Victoires
Church, Bush street, for services, commen clni;
at 11 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
ROACH— In this city, January 13, 1896, Ann,
aearly beloved wife of the late Patrick Roach,
mother of Thomas, John and the late Mary
Roach, and sister of Mr 3. P. Manion, a native of
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 56 years. . . .
jJf»*FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. v.. from h<*r late
residence, 138 Rose avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Filimore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem mass wil> be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
• o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. • • > ;,••'.•.'*:<*.. *•
RYAN— In thlsclty, January 14, 1896, Maggie,
beloved daughter of Michael and Margaret Ryan,
and sister of Mamie, Josie, Hattle and the late
William Ryan, a native of Chicago, 111.
SCHUBKRT— West Berkeley, January 12,
1896, Mrs. Pauline Schubert, a native of Danzig,
Germany, a?ed 54 years. . - -
Dfg-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. jr.. from the par-
lors of A. Brown, 2139-2141 Center street. East
Berkeley, thence to the crematory. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, San Mateo, where the body will are
rive at 3 o'clock p. x. Frienda are respectfully
Invited to attend.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSOCIA-
tion— regular monthlyrequiem high mass for
the deceased members of the above association,
and for the deceased parents and relatives of the
members, will be celebrated In St. Dominic's
Church, Bush and Steiner streets, TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9 O'clock a. if. Friends are in-
vited to attend. ' v -:.:"• . .
THOMPSON— In this city, January 14. 1896, Ag-
nes, beloved mother of Robert.' Gertie, Annie,
Lillie and Thomas Thompson, aged 41 years.
■ JSSTNoticeof funeral hereafter. .
WEBB— In this city, January 12. 1896, Arthur L.,
husband of Adelaide F. Webb, and brother of
Mrs. A. A. Eckstrom of Los Angeles and Mrs.
A. E. Bidleman of San Francisco, a native of
Oakland, aged 35 years.
WELCH— In this city, January 13, 1896, John J.
Welch, a native of New Birmingham, County
Tlpperary. Ireland, aged 68 years.
. *$"Frlends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the
. chapel of St. Mary's Hospital, where a solemn
requiem nwss will be celebrated for the re-
pos<* of his soul, commencing at the above hour.
Interment Holy Cross Ctmc tery. .
I UNITED I'XIItKTAKERS'
EM3ALWING PARLORS,
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
lit Reasonablo Rates.
Telephoae 3167. 27 and i.'9 Fifth street.
NICAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTOES A EMBALM EES,
*O Vifth St., Opp. Lincoin School.
Telephone 8080.
CYPRESS LAW* CEMETERY,
TN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARI
X laid out on the lawn plan ; perpetual care; beau!
Uful, permanent and easy of access; see it be fort
tayiug a burial place elsewhere.
City vuUo, V Citjr Hall Avodm. .
1516
GRANGERS' BANK
WAS SWINDLED
W. Wittland, Receiving
Teller, Stole the
Money.
STARTLING DISCOVERY.
The Defaulter Is Hunted by De- 1
tectives, but Cannot Be
Found.
SONDS OF $10,000 TO BE PAID.
The Family Is Wealthy and May
Hake Good the Balance to
the Bank.
After all, the truth has come out that
there was a skeleton in the closet of the
Grangers' Bank, for one of that institu
tion.-* most trusted othcers has been lound
delinquent in his accounts, and startling
defalcations, extending back foraconsider
able time, are the result.
So far, indeed, enough has been dis
covered from a hasty eiance through the
bank's books to make it apparent that the
Grangers' Bank Las been defrauded out of
Jarge sums of money by a systematic and
well-devised plan. How far this state oi
affairs may have had an lnlhience on the
bank is a matter of mere conjecture at the
present time, since the full facts are not
yet known, even to the directors them
selves, and it is all shrouded in the deepest
mystery. That the bank has suffered
through the same defalcations from its
treasury there appears to be little reason
for doubt.
The deficiency in the accounts was cre
ated during tde period when the bank
found itself face to face with an array of
financial demands that were pressing, and
men who claim to know a great deal about
the institution's affairs say that a short
ness of cash, when counted in the thou
sands, helped with other things to deter
the management from going ahead with
business. While the bank was sound and
solvent there was a certain stringency in
the cash. Suspicion attached to no ollicer
of the bank, however, until an expert was
SCENE AT YESTERDAY'S MEETING OF THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE GRANGERS' BANK.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
put upon the books in the process of iiqu
dation.
It was not long before the expert came
across discrepancies which soon showed
by comparison that "William Wittland, the
receiving teller, was short to the amount
of many thousand dollars in his accounts.
Day after day the thousands rolled ud
until $0000 was reached. Then the bank
manager deemed it prudent to notify the
president ana directors. The surety com
pany that had voucned for Wittland took
the matter up and employed an expert of
its own to examine his accounts. Expert
mg was continued until a day or two ago
when the extent of Wittland's shortage
or defalcation had reached the sum of
$12,000.
The surety company placed the matter
in the hands of a private detective agency
and thereupon undertook the criminal
prosecution of Wittland. A search was
made for the receiving teller, who lived at
Berkeley, but no trace of him could be
found. He was not at home, nor in his
old haunts; nor had his friends seen him
for several days. Wittland had gone, but
to what place nobody seemed to know.
The search for him has been pushed with
renewed activity, until at last the police
are now chasing the fugitive cashier.
When an employe of any bank or cor
poration who is insured by a surety com
pany breaks his trust and absconds as a
defaulter, the insurance company places
him on its black list throughout the United
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report
ABSOLUTELY, PUBE
States and Canada, so that no matter
where he goes in either country he is dis
covered, lv this case, punishment is
certain. The surety companies have their
compact, and that is powerful enough to
taboo, if not, indeed, convict a defaulter
under the ban.
Wittjand was secured on bonds in a
surety company for $10,000, and if he re
mains in either Canada or the United
States lie cannot enjoy a day's peace or
happiness, for the compan3''s agents will
follow his trail wherever he may be.
The amount of Wittland 1 a bond will be
paid to the bank this week, and conse
quently the bank's loss will not be so
heavy as was feared at first.
Wittland is the son of a wealthy man
and belongs to a good and well-known
California family. But after Wittland
entered upon the duties of receiving teller
of the Grangers' Bank he turned to fast
company and looked for pleasure of a
riotous kind which constantly called for
more money. His companions were ex
travagant and rapid in their living, and
with them Wittland lavished money in
various resorts, in French dinners and
other places around town.
11. M. La Hue, president of the bank,
was asked for a statement yesterday regard
ing "Wittland, but he refrained as far as
possible from discussing the matter.
"We are secured for the full amount."
said lie, "and there is nothing more to be
said."
"How was it possible that such defalca
tions could have been kept from the man
agement?"
"I cannot say anything about that now;
it might spoil the negotiations that are
pending to set the matter right— not that
I want to shield him. It is true there is a
large deficiency in the books, but the bank
is secured against the loss. But every
thing is now being settled very nicely, and
negotiations are on with the insurance
company to make good the deliciency."
"Where is Wittland now?"
'I really don't know where he is; I'm
not interested in that. We have been try
ing very hard to keep it quiet, and I am
very sorry that it got out."
Manager Montpellier shook his head,
lie could not say anything about it,
although in reply to questions he said :
"The directors have this subject under
discussion, and n would not be right for
me to talk about it at this time."
The directors all assumed entire igno
rance of such an occurrence. It was hinted,
however, that Wittkind's family would not
see the bank at a loss through the defi
ciency over and above the $10,000 of the Fi
delity and Casualty Company.
MET IN HARMONY.
The Stockholders of the Grangers'
Bank Elect a New
Board.
A stormy time was anticipated at the
annual meeting of the stockholders of the
G rangers' BanK yesterday afternoon, but
the genial and peaceful farmers brought
with them the sunshine of their interior
valley homes, and things went along
smoothly and ended harmoniously.
Longer than an hour was consumed
reading the n»mes of the stockholders.
When this tedious proceeding was finished
a list of candidates for the board of direc
tors was read, and by the suggestion of F.
W. Lougee the secretary cast the vote of
the meeting, which supported the ticket,
with no dissenting voice.
The followingare the directors elected:
H. M. La Rue, Seneca Ewer, Uriah
Wood, Albert Meyer, J. Dalzell Brown, I.
W. Hellman Jr., A. D. Logan, E. S. Pills
bury, F. W. Lougee, H. W. Llewellyn and
Thomas McConnell.
Previous to the call of the roll of stock
holders an order of court was served on H.
M. La Rue, restraining him from voting
stock standing in his name as a trustee.
The order originated in a suit brought
yesterday by A. D. Logan, a former presi
dent of the bank.
The election was carried through, how
ever, notwithstanding this injunction, al
though Attorney A. E. Cotton, represent
ing Dr. Dickinson, a director, and other
stockholders, before the election was pro
ceeded upon, formally objected to the
voting of the stock standing under the
name of H. M. La Hue.
In reply to this objection, Attorney E.
8. Pillsbury explained the reason why the
stock in question came to stand in Mr. La
Rue's name. He stated that A. D. Logan
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1896.
| owed the bank $175,000 in his own
| name, and was a security for other indebt
edness, amounting in total to $'200,000.
Mr. Logan had pledged to the bank against
this indebtedness 2213 shares of its stock,
which were formerly owned by him. Ait
erward he had transferred 1000 shares of
this stock to another bank, leaving in the
Grangers' Bank 1913 shares, and it was on
account of this withdrawal that the direc
tors passed a resolution making H. M. La
Hue trustee of this stock and other pledged
stock the bank might have, all of which
was to be voted by him at the annual
meeting. §
The matter, however, was satisfactorily
settled among the stockholders, with the
result that Mr. Logan withdrew his re
straining injunction.
President La Rue stated during the
meeting that the directors before the
liquidation of the bank last November
were anxious to continue the bank's ex
istence, and by so doing be enabled to give
the farmers more money, but others were
of the opinion that to continue would bor
der on the criminal, and when in Novem
ber only $30,000 was available, continuance
we deemed impossible, and now the
members are anxious that the bank be
closed as soon as possible. i
The financial report of the condition of
the bank's affairs last Saturday is as fol
lows:
ASSF.TS. I.IATUI.ITIES.
Loans and :C a r> i l a 1
discounts.. s776,4sl 46i stock $605,017 88
Real estate. 34,410 18 Dividend Xo.
Stocks and | 19 (balance
bonds 12,111 60| due) 16160
Office rural- ;Due depos
true 2.500 00; itors 170,158 16
Bxi ense ac- hunks
count 459 651 and bank-
Money on I ers 110,r>VH 44
t>and 61,079 28 Interest 550 09
T0ta1.... 5857,01'2 171 Total ....$887,012 17
The only difference in the status of
finances in the bank to-day is in the
amount of the money on hand, which
reads something over $G5,000.
At the adjournment of the stockholders'
meeting a meeting was immediately held
in the bank by the newly elected board of
directors. During this meeting an execu
tive committee was elected, consisting of:
H. M. La Eve, I. W r . Hellman Jr.. Seneca
Ewer, J. D. Brown and Uriah Wood.
The officers elected are: President, H.
M. La Rue; vice-president, F. W. Lougee;
cashier and secretary, August Muenter;
attorney, E. S. Tillsbury. *
li r. La Kite said that the bank would pay
at least 50 per cent to the depositors, and
after the depositors are satislied the stock
holders will be attended to.
"It is the intention," said he, "of the di
rectors to close out the affairs of the bank
as soon as possible. The bank will be
closed and an onice will be engaged for
carrying on the business. It may take
two or throe years to wind things up."
GOVERNOR JONES BETTER.
Nevada's Executive- Head .Is on the
Mend From Last Accountg. •
Governor John E. Jones, who has been
very ill for the past few weeks at the Palace
Hotel, is now in a fair way to recover.
Last night up to a late hour his condition
was improving. The critical period which
his physicians have been waiting for is
said to have passed, and he is steadily
gaining strength. The Governor has
passed through considerable hardship in
early days, and has a pretts- strong consti
tution, which it is believed will sustain
him.
All that medical Bkill can supply is
given him, and his wife has been con
stantly by his side ever since he was taken
down. His private secretary, William
Han ford, is in constant attendance, and
with everybody else, looks forward hope
iully to the Governor's recovery.
Breweries in Federal Courts.
An attachment against Kahny <t Surgbach of
Redding, Shasta County, for a two years'
account of .?G032 said to be due the San Fran
cisco Breweries, was narrowly averted yester
day by the defendants filing a bond for sl2 000
with Henry Frickinjrer, Joe Haiberthur, Anton
Jaegel, Charles Piftschek and W. W. Williams
sureties. As the San Francisco Breweries
(limited) is a KriMsh syndicate, suit for the
alleged indebtedness had to be brought in thp
United States Circuit Court.
Coburn's Suit Submitted.
The injunction 6uit brought by Loren
Coburn to stop the Board of Supervisors of
Kan Mateo County from cutting a road through
his property at Pebble Beach was argued in
the United States Circuit Court yesterday and
submitted to acting Circuit Judge Morrow
Mr. Coburn'a fences were torn down by the
county authorities and he appealed to the Fed
eral judiciary for relief.
Survived the Attack.
It was reported a lew days ago that Louis
Ilirseh, the<entralA merican representative of
the house of Castle Bros, of this City, was very
low with yellow fever and not expected to live.
Yesterday the firm received a message that
Mr. Hirseh was at Guatemala City, and that his
health had been restored.
Warren E. Price Indicted.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday Indicted
Warren E. Price, the Market-street book-seller
arrested recently for using the mails in con
nection with marketing of indecent literature
Price and F. W. Brobatk, the Ukiah publisher'
Will have to stand trial.
Catalogues, books, pamphlets, etc., printed
and bound well and quickly. The Mysell-Rol
lias Co., 22 Clay. •
GREGORY SHORT
IN HIS FUNDS
Anxiety Felt in the River
Improvement Asso
ciation.
HE WAS THE TREASURER
Left Sacramento After the Last
Meeting and Has Not
Returned.
INVESTIGATION IS GOING ON.
An Ex-Mayor of Sacramento and Can
didate for Governor in a
Bad Light.
Eugene J. Gregory, erstwhile Mayor of
Sacramento, candidate for the nomination
for Governor of California and prominent
citizen of the Sacramento Valley, will not
be in his accustomed seat at the conven
tion of the California River Improvement
Association when that important body is
called to order in the Chamber of Com
merce this morning.
In fact, Mr. Gregory is not in the State,
and this circumstance is causing the mem
bers of the convention considerable vrony.
He has not been seen for over a year, and
neither have the funds of the association
of which, as treasurer of the association,
he had the care.
Gregory was a prominent member of the
association and took the greatest interest
in its affairs. No meeting was complete
without his commanding presence, and his
persuasive voice often swayed the assem
blage when an important question was
raised. So great was the confidence of his
confreres, who represent nineteen of the
richest counties in the State and count
their wealth by the millions, that they
made him treasnrer at the last meeting of
the association held in Sacramento two
years ago.
Not Jong after his election and the ad
journment of the convention Gregory's
business and financial matters got into a
muddle, and he left suddenly for the East
for the avowed purpose of raising funds to
clear up his debts. Time passed, and no
word came from him, and the members of
the association were forgetting about the
matter, when reports came that he was
Jiving a cay life in New York, spending
his money like a prince and getting the
fat of the land.
Then some of the workers of the asso
ciation wrote to him to find out when he
was coming back to settle, but not a word
answered Gregory; and it became a set
tled conviction in the minds of his fellow
members'that he did not intend to settle.
Nothing could be done without a meet
ing, however, and no action was taken
until a few days ago, when the executive
committee of the association met in this
City to decide on a place for the next
meeting. Then the subject of Gregory's
shortcomings was discussed.
It was decided to begin a thorough in
vestigation of the matter and learn just
how the treasury stands. State Senator
Johnson was appointed a committee to
look into the affair.
State Senator Gleaves of Shasta, when
seen at the Grand Hotel last evening, was
at first Joth to talk of the matter, but
finally consented to say that the officers of
the association knew that Gregory, if not.
actually a defaulter, was certainly yery
derelict in his duties.
"We do not expect to see Gregory back,"
he said, "for he knew that this meeting
i was to be held, and did not even respond
to the word that was sent him. He has
certainly made away with the funds, but
we cannot say how much the shortage will
amount to until Senator Johnson has had
a chance to look into the books and re
port. We hope it will not be much, but it
may be worse than we anticipate, for we
all had the utmost confidence in Gregory
and did not question his ability in hand
ling the funds or honesty in accounting
for them.
"He is still the treasurer of the associa
tion and will be until his successor is
elected to-morrow. Ido not know what
the association will do about the matter.
We might or might not be able to appre
hend him, as he is so far away and no one
seems to know just where he is. It will
depend probably on the amount of the
shortage whether the association will take
steps in the matter."
Other members intimated that the short
age in the association funds was not the
only reason why Gregory was making
himself scarce. They spoke of money bor
rowed from friends that had never been
repaid, and of other accounts that had
been investigated, but the Bhowine was
never made public.
At one time Gregory, who had served
with distinction as Mayor of Sacramento,
was prominently mentioned as a candidate
for Governor of the State. Being a Native
Son he had the backing of that order, and
really lacked but a few votes in the con
vention to get the nomination.
Previous to his departure Gregory was
well known in Sacramento business and
social circles, in which he had a brilliant
but somewhat inglorious career.
In partnership with a brother under the
firm name of Gregory Bros., he conducted
a commission house which did a heavy
business, but did not prosper owing to
Gregory's convivial proclivities. When
the house failed, as it did after a number of
years, Mrs. Bruce Lee, widow of a prom
inent man in the Sacramento Valley of
that name, claimed that Gregory had de
frauded her out of $9000 which she had
given into his keeping to invest for her. It
is not known whether or not he settled
with Mrs. Lee, but soon after he left for
the East where he has been ever since. It
is intimated that this claim has some bear
ing on his reluctance to return to Califor
nia, as at one time Mrs. Lee threatened to
prosecute him in the criminal courts.
Gregory is a large, fine-looking man,
plausible in conversation and a favorite
with the ladies.
ANENT LI YUNG YEW.
Circular From Acting Consul-General
Fung and an Explanation by Vice-
Consul King.
Funp Yung Hun, who The Call stated
in its issue of the 3d inst. bad been made
acting Consul-General in place of Li Yung
Yew, has just promulgated a circular
poster informing the Chinese that he has
assumed the duties of his office.
The new Consul-General was formerly
Li s secretary. He gives as the reasons for
he change the instructions of Minister
Yang Yu at Washington to the effect that
Li Yung Yew will no longer be able to
devote himself to the task of settling the
feud between the See Yups and the Sam
Yups, as be lias been detailed to "other
service," and in his place Fung, as acting
Consul-General, will try to bring about
some amicable termination of the boycott.
In hia circular Fung reiterates the ad
vice given by his predecessor and Minister
\ang Y~u, and counsels the Chinese to
behave as fellow-countrymen should in a
strange land and trade with each other as
friends.
The "other business" to which Li has
been detailed is not stated in the circular,
but \ ice-Consul King Owyang yesterday
confirmed the explanation given by The
Call of the 3d, namely, that to Li
i ung Yew had been assigned the work of
taking up again the preparation of the
proposed treaty between Mexico and
China. The original draft of the China-
Mexico treaty was prepared by Attorney
Lyman Mowry, and Li Y'ung* Yew and
King Owyang both went to Mexico with
the document when the former negotia
tions were being made, but at that time
the terms of the treaty did not seem to be
opportune. Li may start for Mexico at
an early date.
As to the boycott, it is still being waged
by the See Yups, with little promise of
abatement; in fact, according to a Sam
Yup who stands high in Chinatown, it has
degenerated into a system of general petty
robbery, from which only the Christians
seem to be exempt, and the Christians were
excluded from the boycott only after a
vigorous protest and threats to appeal to
municipal authorities.
Vice-Consul King explained yesterday
afternoon that the great trouble with the
Chinese here is that they are laboring
under the mistake of supposing the con
sular authorities have extraterritorial
iurisdiction, whereas all the Consul-
General can do is to eive friendly advice,
in the hope of reconciling the two factions.
He denied the story published in the
Chronicle that Li had been actually
deposed.
"If he had been," said King, "his exe
quatur would have been demanded,
whereas no such thing has taken place.
It would have been telegraphed from
Washington if Li was deposed. It is simply
as I told you some time ago: Li Y'ung
Yew goes to Mexico to negotiate further
the proposed treaty between that country
and China and Fung Yung Hun takes hia
place, for, as you see plainly enough, Li
Yung Yew cannot be here and in Mexico
at the same time. Mr. Li was formerly
engaged upon this same treaty and is
eminently fitted to resume that wbrk."
TRAINMEN IN CONFERENCE
Formulating Complaints to Be
Presented to the Railroad
Company.
The Personnel of the Grievance Com
mittee — Daily Sessions Being
Held.
For the past four daj-s there have been
daily sessions in this City of the grievance
committee of the Brotherhood of Railroad
Trainmen, to consider the complaints of
members of the brotherhood, with the
purpose of laying them before General
Manager Kruttschnitt on his return from
Portland, which is expected to-morrow.
The committee represents the freight
conductors and brakemen on all the
divisions of the Pacific system of the
Southern Pacific Company — that is, those
divisions comprised in the lines from San
Francisco to Portland, from San Francisco
to Ogden and from San Francisco to El
Paso. Its personnel is as follows: J. "W.
Golden, Los Angeles, chairman; Mr. Bod
man, Los Angeles, vice-chairman; W. M.
Keenan, Sacramento, secretary ; Mr.
Rickert, Oakland ; press committee ; M. A.
Melvin, Truckee; J. T. Burn, Tucson; W.
P. Graham, El Paso; Lane, San Francisco;
Hoffman, Portland; Denton, Wadsworth ;
Taylor, Fresno; Ballard, Ashland.
Chairman Golden has been in the City
ever since the 4th inst. making ar
rangements for the meetings of his col
leagues, while some of the members did
not arrive until Monday.
The first visit of the committee to the
railroad building en the corner of Mont
gomery and Market streets was not made
until yesterday, when General Superin
tendent J. A. Fillmore was formally noti
fied of the presence of the committee.
It is not expected that any complaints
will be presented to the railroad company
until Mr. Kruttschnitt is back at his
desk.
There are quite a number of differences
that have arisen between the employes on
the twelve divisions and their superiors,
and it is to- have these adjusted that the
present session of the grievance committee
is being held here. The trouble relates to
both matters of wages and to the duties
and services of the conductors and brake
men. Neither side apparently anticipates
any serious complications, and the com
mittee expects to complete its work in
about two weeks.
There Was No Assault.
F. W. Brooks, manager of the Merchants'
Sign and- 'Window Cleaning Company, ap
peared in Judge Conlan's court yesterday to
answer the chance of assault with a deadly
weapon, preferred by E. T. Hicks, a private de
tective. After hearing the evidence the Judge
dismissed the case and Hicks immediately
swore out a warrant for Brooks' arrest on the
charge of exhibiting a deadly weapon. Brooks
was released on his own recognizance by the
Judge.
Could Not Grade.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the decision
of the local Superior courts in the case of the
City and County against A. C. Buckman.
Buckman had a private contract to regrade
Market street, between Valencia and Seven
teenth, but he was restrained from doing the
work by order of court on application of the
City. The City objected on the ground that
the work was a public nuisance ana had not
Deen sanctioned by the Board of Supervisors.
♦ — ♦ — «
Maine sent 40,000 Christmas trees to the
Boston market for last Christmas.
NEW TO-DAT.
Loss of Manhood,
CURED IN TWENTY DAYS DV DR. EDl-
£;'. SON'S ELECTRIC BELT AND VITALIZER
or money, refunded, tt. , '
It cures loss of sexual V?* .-^ CS?Sf^i
power, seminal loss at "^\\T 2s/£^'m
stool or with urine; it /Sv4 'r^T*
stops . nightly dreams V 7 vw 1 y€r * • '
and loss of vitality, |t I >^^<fr>ii. ' '■' '
cures varicocele, rheu- \ \ jr' V -^V
tnatlsm, kidney and » jr\+^- it vi-
bladder- trouble. Dr. V. -rf^T rt?!\ B-\
Edison's Electric Belt \jPl^ f'. ''J Wm\
and Vitalizer is Na- , /#/ &nlt' t \
ture's remedy. They \[j/ z)
give new life to weak- ;";■*• ■.■-.', \L&ijixmkJ^
ened organs. The cur- s^§ «S^/7mriv
rent of : Dr. Edison's ■ rr^Av/l^
Electric Belt is felt in- r '/)}\\J^
stantly upon appilca- |^^^W .J\ a^»
EDISON'S ELEC-^^^Es/\ -W
TRIC BELT A.\D /^»/l '
VITALIZER cured ' *ZtVWsS\
me of. nervous debility in thirty days. My case was
a very bad one, and the effect and cure was simply
wonderful. \V. M. HAWLEY, 711 Jones street.
From every part of the country come thankful
letters written by those who have been lifted into
vigorous health and strength by Dr. Edison's Elec-
tric Belt and Vitalizer. A bottle of Vltallzer sent
free. Send for circular. For sale by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.,
Druggists, 214 Kearny street, San Francisco," CaJ
v '<..** ,- KTE"W TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. -^^~^_^_~-
EMBROIDERIES
.AJNTO :
LACES !
EXTRAORDINARY * VALUES!
NOTE THE PRICES!
15,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 5c per yard
18,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 01c per yard
20,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 10c per yard .
12,000 yards EMBROIDERY at. . . 12k per yard
8,000 yards EMBROIDERY at .15c per yard
16,000 yards at ....... 20c, 25c, 30c, 40c and 50c per yard
LACES!
8000 yards FRENCH TORCHON LACE at. . . . . . . .
7000 yards FRENCH TORCHON LACE at.
5500 yards FRENCH TORCHON LACE at.......
2600 yards BELGIAN TORCHON LACE at
1800 yards BELGIAN TORCHON LACE at
We respectfully invite our cit
to inspect an exhibition of these
cries and Laces in our show windc
ANTICIPATE YOUR W^
£SSF~ Samples sent upon application.
fW Country orders receive prompt attentl
E&- Packages delivered free in Oakland,
Berkeley.
gm
1892*
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST
FURNITURE
4 ROOMS
$85.
Parlor— Silk Brocatello, 6-Peice Suit, plush
trimmed.
Bedroom--7-Peice Elegant Suit, bed, bureau,
washstand, two chairs, rocker and table; pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dinin|f-Rooin— ti-t'ooc Eitensioa Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs.
Kitchen— Xo. 7 Kange, Patent Kitchen Table
and two (Jhalrs.
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
X3~ Free packing and delivery across the bay.
WALLPAPER!
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to
No. 20 Geary Street.
GREAT REDUCTION
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS
TO HAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW
WINDOW SHADES!
Any Color, Size or Kind.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
i THE FRUIT GROWING §
I • . INDUSTRY I
H IS EXHAUSTIVELY TREATED IN THB W
i San Jose CT ' . I
iMercuryO OUve IL r §
IlTlvltUi VA, J M
W BBBB a. A B^° X ° F 325 PAQES . 9x12 INCHES, JUST ISBUED W
0K ■*»■ Every detail is niTen, from nursery to market, including W
Dfc crops, price, and profits. Banta Clara County, its cities, towns, orobaxde W,
yn, vineyards and prominent people, illustrated from 939 photographs A work ($*
Wof art suitable for center-table, and a most appropriate Christmas pr... M
W rul r "» " BCnrce ' y B qaestion that could be asked com«erning Santa W
W Clara County and its reaonrces that is not fully answered. Wfh
M HtaiV^t. '"lT,,"* 11 *' eipreso ft Prepaid, to any part of the United 0\
M SlmS ? h «^low,ng rates: Bound in Briltol board, 75 cent, percopr I
bound in leatherette, f1.25 per copy. P7f \h
W/ Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, /W\
|jw . " San Jose, California. M
CLEARANCE SALE
for the NEXT 60 DAYS
As I have- ordered direct from Ffttii
tbe manufacturers a full and -^Mw
complete assortment of the la- f-^tl
tesi ■;> -slirna In Spkino and Srji- -fL. y
mer. Goods. 1 therefore offer my Jtsi.
entire stock of Woolens now <«/S3tei.
ou hand at Prices nc\cr hefore MBWr
offered in San Francisco. uB3eS&b£\.
GUARANTEED GENUINE "^^HH
ENGLISH CASSIMERE
PANTS TO ORDER : s£$&MJ
FORMEnLT EEDUCED TO . . M/^^V^f
$10.00 $6.50 inliro
ALL WOOL SUITS I (W\vJ
TO ORDER : »Bl^'i
FORMERLY SEDUCED TO tujLMjX
$25.00 $17.50 |||j|).
All otherGAP.MEXTS Reduced S ** I »sJii| S»L
in like proportion. You will do ~&r ~^*
well to avail yourself or this opportunity and civ«
me a call before buying elsewhere ' 8
Respectfully yours,
JOE POHEIM. The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St.,«or. Bußh,
724 Market St. and 1110 & 1112 Market St. 1
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
DR.WOMWOO ,^^w
Chinese Drugs JW^T^^w •S^a
and Tea and Horb E&
Sanitarium, £v T?a
776 CLAY STKEET, SL W
Bet. Keainy nnd Dupont, ffW? j^^ '" sF •
1 huvfs troubled I^i *VT»> /it
I have been troubled I 4 » fc»
for, two years with in- jIAJf Ufl
flaraination of the lunßsV B^l; v J,^ \
and heart disease, and f fV^ ' ' f -•§
was unable to find re- » iff"""? • J -•
Hef by any physician. I%CSw, jj>j -»#mH - £d=3
I was treated for three HHHWBBf £^381
weeks by Dr. Wong Woo M&IShBBbSC^V^
juhl perfectly restored tol fjgjfflft^flfc
health. JOHN KEGLI, m *^S^Tf^ :^^oES£ff
BU Mile House, Mission Road. i-.-A
OlHcchonr3: 9:30 to 11 a. m.; Ito3, 7to9p. ic
COAL! GOAL f
Wellinfrton ....810 00
Southlield ....."!. 9 50
Genuine Coos Bay '.'.'...', 7 bo-Half toa 350
caul 00-Halfton 400
B '> ant 8 00-Ualftoa 400
1 elephone— Black— 35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
622 Howard Street, Near Fir*t.