The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 175.
HARMONY CAME
WITH McLAUGHLIN
He Is Chairman of the
Repuhlican Executive
Committee.
J. D. SPRECKELS NAMED
HIM.
The Popular Mayor From Oroville
Honored With a Unanimous
. Election.
ORGANIZED FOR AN EFFECTIVE
CAMPAIGN.
The First Meeting of the Committee
Ends in Vigorous Plans and
Good Feeling.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee effected
complete organization yesterday amid
perfect harmony and good feeling, and
when this important body adjourned it
was ready for energetic campaign wort
and free from every possible cause for
future friction or discord within itself.
The chief result of the forenoon meeting
at 419 California street was the election by
acclamation of Frank McLaughlin of Oro
ville as chairman, on the nomination of
John D. Spreckels.
The morning proved the wisdom of the
adjournment taken on the previous after
noon. When the convention adjourned
on Thursday the chairmanship was the
subject of much contention and uncer
tainty owing to an opposition to E. F.
Preston which had developed Quickly and
unexpectedly. Mr. Preston's long experi
ence in State campaigns, his executive
ability and his prominence in the party
had made him the favorite with a large
number of the members, but when several
of the committeemen indicated that they
would not Bupport him a candidate on
whom all could agree was sought.
The members of the committee recog
nized the need for harmonious action, and
earnestly desired it. As quickly as the
situation concerning the executive head
of the committee appeared with its tangle
Frank McLaughlin became the one to
whom a large majority turned in recog
nition of the fact that he was the natural,
logical and most available man for the
place.
In the first place McLaugbJin had a
friend in every member of the committee,
as he has in nearly every member of the
party in the State. His election could be
an offense to none, and amity in the com
mittee would naturally follow. Mr. Me-
Langhlin's wide personal acquaintance
throughout the State together with his
close aquaintance with its conuitions and
needs were further apparent qualiiications.
His weli-known executive ability, energy
and force of character were as quickly
recognized, and these things, coupled with
his broad experience in politics, gained
through several years of active interest in
the State affairs of the party, were been to
especially fit him for the place.
Still another important consideration in
his favor was the one that he hails from
the northern part of the State and that his
selection would be a discreet and deserved
recognition of that section. Thus it came
about that the popular Major McLaughlin
was turned to as the most available man
for the place and received an honor wholly
unsought by himself.
It was thus in the interests of harmony
that Mr. Preston magnanimously with
drew from the candidacy yesterday morn
ing, and his friends cheerfully gave their
support to McLaughlin. The outcome is
satisfactory to the whole committee, and
the members parted somewhat elated that
so happy an outcome had followed what
for a few hours had seemed to be a
promise of a close and possibly bitter
contest.
The other officers of the committee were
easily agreed upon, and it was ordered
that the chairman appoint the usual com
mittees.
Nineteen of the twenty-one members
were present again when the committee
men came together in the one inner room
on California street which the State Cen
tral Committee has been holding between
campaigns. Frank A. Miller of Pasadena
was represented by Frank P. Flint of Los
Angeles, proxy. W. F. George of Sacra
mento had returned home, leaving his
proxy with John D. Spreckels. E. K. Tay
lor of Alameda, who was absent the day
before, was on hand. Those who answered
the rollcail were : John D. Spreckels, Louis
Sloss, W. W. Shannon. Cornelius O'Con
nor, M. R. Hifigins, A. Ruef, Harry N.
Gray, W. A. 8. Nicholson, Paris Kilburn,
San Francisco; E. F. Preston, San Mateo;
Frank McLaughlin, Oroville; Allen B.
Lemmon, Santa Rosa; James W. Rea, San
Jose; M. H. Weight, Pasadena; Irving B.
Dudley, San Diego; Frank P. Fiint, H. Z.
Obborneand W. F. Parker, Los Angeles;
E. K. Taylor, Alameda.
As soon as the rollcail was finished in
executive session which was called to
order by James W. Rea temporary chair
man, John D. Spreckels rose and said that
in the interest of harmony he would nom
inate for chairman of the committee
Frank McLaughlin of Oroville. Several
members quickly seconded the nomina
tion and Mr. McLaughlin was elected by
acclamation.
E. K. Taylor of Alameda, nominated by
A. Kuef, was unanimously elected first
vice-chairman.
For second vice-chairman W. A. 8. Nich
olson of San Francisco was nominated by
A. B. Lemmon and his election was like
wise unanimous.
M. R. Higgins was elected secretary by
acclamation on nomination by F. p. Flint.
The contest over the assistant secretary
ship appeared, but the place was given
with nodissenting vote to Jacob Steppacher
who has ably filled the position for several
years and gained great and valuable famil
iarity with the men and affairs of the
MEMBERS OF THE NEW REPUBLICAN STATE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE, WHICH EFFECTED A HARMONIOUS
ORGANIZATION YESTERDAY.
party. He was nominated by Cornelius
O'Connor, and W. A. 8. Nicholson placed
George Lee in nomination. Paris Kilburn
spoke warmly for Steppacher and his elec
tion was practically by acclamation.
Then Leon Sloss presented his resigna
tion as a member of the committee, stat
ing that his reason was solely a press of
business, owing to the absence from the
State of h!s partners for the next few
months. He assured the committee that
he was in full sympathy with it and the
party, and as an individual would do all
he could for the Republican cause.
Charles W. Manwaring. chairman of the
San Francisco County Committee, was on
motion of Harry N. Gray unanimously
elected to the vacancy caused by Mr.
Sloss' resignation.
The vacancy in the Btate Central Com
mittee from the Thirty-third District was
filled by the election of A. J. Martin.
On motion of F. P. Flint, the chairman
was authorized to appoint the usual stand
ing committees within ten days, and on
motion of A. Ruef a committee of five on
by-laws was also ordered appointed.
The chairman was further authorized to
appoint a committee of three to recom
mend a location for permanent headquar
ters for the campaign.
A resolution was passed recommending
to the county committees of the State that
they hold ratification meetings on the
night following the nomination of a Presi
dential candidate.
Flint moved the creation of a sub-com
mittee which should have direction of
campaign details south of Tehachapi, sub
ject to the direction of the whole commit
tee. This novel but apparently wise idea
was referred to the committee on by-laws.
The committee adjourned to the. call of
the chair, and it is not likely that another
meeting will be held until immediately
after the National Convention completes
its labors. The committee will then be
iully ready to take vigorous hold of cam
paign operations. The make-up of the
committee, its organization and the spirit
it hat= already displayed promise that the
Republican campaign of this year will be
the best organized and effective in the
history of the party in this State, clean
throughout its projfress and triumphant
at its end.
All of the Southern members left for
their homes on last evening's train, and
the other interior members went their
ways. During this afternoon all of the
members of the committee expressed their
gratification at the amicable, judicious
outcome of the initial meeting of the com
mittee.
Queen Victoria* m Birthday.
LONDON, Eng., May 22.— Queen Vic
toria's birthday falls this year on Bunday
next, when the ruler of the United King
dom of Great Britain and Ireland and the
Empress of India will have reached the
seventy-seventh year of her active and
honorable life. Celebrations are being ar
ranged in the leading towns and
country districts of the country for to
morrow, and the usual celebrations at the
military posts will take place on that day
and also on Monday.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, MAY 23, 1896.
RECEIVED WITH
ROYAL SPLENDOR
Noted Diplomats Pay Their
Respects to the
Czar.
IN FULL CIVIL DRESS.
Minister Breckinridge and Secre
tary Pierce Don Knee Pants
and Brass Buttons.
OTHER EMBASSIES ATTEND.
Gi ded Six-Horse Coaches Sent to Con
vey Representative Foreigners
to the Palace.
MOSCOW, Russia, May 22.— The Czar
received in private audience to-day In the
great palace at Kremlin the United States
Minister, Clifton R. Breckinridgo, and
then received the special envoys sent
to represent the United States Gov
ernment at the coronation, General
A. McD. McCook and bis brother,
Aid-de-Camp Scriven, (' mmander Bron
son and Major J. W. Patzki of the
special embassy, and Admiral T. O. Self
ridge, in command of the Mediterranean
squadron, who brought his flagship, the
Minneapolis, to Cronstadt to attend the
coronation as the naval envoy of the
United States.
Minister Breckinridge, H. H. Pierce,
Secretary of the legation, and the other
civil representatives wore for the first
time at the Russian court the full civil
dress prescribed for those not allowed to
wear official uniform.
This dress consists of an evening coat
with plain metal bnttons, a white vest,
knee breeches, black silk stockings and no
ornament. The Ministers, the special en
voys and their staffs attended to-night a
reception given by the Russian Foreign
Minister, Prince Lobanoff-Rostovsky.
Mr. Breckinridge will give a dinner
next week to distinguished American
; visitors and later, probably June 3, a re
ception, inviting the Russian princes and
j foreign princes attending the coronation,
! the foreign Embassadors and about a tiiou
-1 sand others.
The special embassies of France, Spain,
Japan and Korea were also received in au
dience by the Czar and Czarina. A gilded
six-horse coach and several four-horse car
riages were sent to letch each Embassy
and suite. Each embassy was escorted
by six mounted grooms and received by
tho guards of honor at the Kremlin,
where they were conducted with great
ceremony to the Alexander salon, and
thence to the Ekaterina hall, where they
were received in audience.
The Duke of Connaught, representing
Queen Victoria at the coronation festivi
ties, has presented to the Czarina a grand
cross of the Victorian order, newly found
ed by Queen Victoria, and an ornamental
vase of the Armads pattern.
MRS. ANNIE DYER CONVICTED.
// Found to Be Sane tto Notorious Baby-
Farmer Will Pay the Death
Penalty.
LONDON. Eno., May 22.— The trial of
Mrs. Annie Dyer, the baby-farmer, who,
with her son-in-law, Albert F. Palmer,
was recently arrested at Reading charged
with wholesale murder of infants entrusted
to her care, the bodies of a number of
them having been found in the river, took
place in the Criminal Court, Old Bailey,
to-day.
The woman was indicted yesterday and
the jury to-day brought in a verdict of
guilty, whereupon the court sentenced her
to death.
On May 16 Mrs. Dyer was judicially
declared insane upon the strength of an
examination by an expert connected with
the Home Oflice, and in the course of
the trial to - day a number of
experts were called to the witness-stand to
testify for and against her plea of insanity.
Experts designated by the Home Secretary
will now examine Mrs. Dyer as to her
jtate of mind, which examination will be
final, and if she is found by these authori
ties to be sane she will be hanged.
APPEALS MADE TO KRUGER.
Asked to Exercise Further Clemency in Be-
half of the Convicted Reformers
in the Transvaal.
LONDON. ENC.May 22.-The Telegraph
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Pretoria, dated Thursday, which dilates
upon the excitement and indignation
growing out of the sentences imposed npon
the members of the Johannesburg reform
committee.
Another dispatch, dated Friday states
that the situation is improving. The pa
pers generally appeal to President Kruger
to exercise further elemenev toward the
prisoners. Elsewhere it is stated that Gen
eral Joubert, commander of the Transvaal
forces and a member of the Executive
Council, was tne chief opponent of clem
ency to t,he prisoners.
The Coronet nt Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, May 15, (via Vic
toria, B. C, May 22.)— The yacht Coronet
with Eclipse expedition arrived on the
10th and will sail about the 21th. Most of
the party has gone to visit the volcanoes.
COMPROMISE AS
TO THE HARBOR
Agreement Reached by the
Conferees on the
Bill.
IT IS ALL WHITE ASKED.
Claims of San Pedro and Santa
Monica to Be Determined
by Engineers.
NOW GOES TO THE PRESIDENT.
But a Veto of the Measure Is Confi
dently Expected Within the
Required Ten Days.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., May 22.— The
conference on the river and harbor bill
came to a final agreement this afternoon
on the disputed question of a deep-sea
harbor at Santa Monica. Before agreeing
Senator White was called in and accepted
the compromise, which really gives him
all he has contended for. The report was
subsequently agreed to in the Senate with
out objection, and will come up in the
House to-morrow.
The enrolling clerk of the House has the
whole bill, with the exception of this item,
enrolled, and an effort will be made to get
the bill to the President to-morrow. He
will then have ten»full days— Sunday and
the day he gets it not counted— in which
to consider the measure. He can either
approve it or permit it to become a law
without his approval. A veto must come
within the constiiutional period of ten
days. This period elapses at midnight
of June 4. A veto before that time is con
fidently expected.
The morning conference on the bill was
fruitless. Benator White was present by
invitation of the committee and made an
argument in favor of the Senate agree
ment.
White denounced the proposition to
strike out all the appropriations as an at
tempt to bulldoze him into the acceptance
of the House proposition to name the com
mission in the bill. This he very frankly
said he nevei would accept. Senator White
did, however, mate one concession in the
hope of bringing the conferees together
on common ground. Ha was willing to
insert a cl»use in the bill to the effect that
if the committee of engineers decided that
the outer harbor should be placed at San
Pedro instead of Santa Monica then the
inner harbor provided for at San Pedro
should not be constructed.
He did not believe that this should be
done; but he was willing to make this
much of a concession in order to reach
definite results.
The afternoon session was productive of
result and the agreement was reached.
The following is the full text of the Santa
Monica agreement:
For a deep-water harbor at Port Log Angeles,
in Santa Monica Bay, Cal., or at San Pedro, in
said State, location of said harbor to be de
termined by an officer of the navy, to be de
tailed by the Secretary of the Navy; an officer
of the Coast and Geodetic Survey to be detailed
by the superintendent of said survey, and
three experienced civil engineers, skilled in
riparian work, to be appointed by the Presi
dent, who shall constitute a board and who
shall personally examine said harbor, the de
cision of a majority of which shall be final as
to the location of said harbor.
It shall be the duty of said board to make
plans, specifications and estimates for said im
provement. Whenever said board shall have
settled the location and made report to the
Secretary of War for the same with said plans,
specifications and estimates, then the Secre
tary of War may make contracts for the com
pletion of the improvements of the harbor se
lected by said board, according to the project
reported by them, at a cost not exceeding
in the aggregate $1,900,000, and $50,000 is
hereby appropriated, so much thereof as may
be necessary to be used for the expenses of the
board and payment of the civil engineers for
their services, the amount to be determined
by the Secretary of War.
Provided, however, that if the board hereby
constituted, as in this section provided, shall
determine in favor of the construction of a
breat water at Port Los Angeles, no expendi
ture of any part of the money nereby appro
priated shall be made, nor shall any contract
for the construction of such break water be en
tered into until the Southern Pacific Comnany,
or the owner or owners thereof, shall execute
an agreement anil file the same with the Sec
retary of War, that any railroad company Or
any corporation engaged in the business of
transportation may share in the use of the pier
now constructed nt Port Los Angeles and the
approaches and tracks loading thereto, to wit:
Westerly of the easterly entrance to the Santa
Monica tunnel, npon such just and equitable
terms as may be agreed npon between the
parties, and if they fail to agree then
to be determined by the Secretary of War; nnd
before any expenditure of the money hereby
appropriated is made ior the construction of a
breakwater at Port Los Angeles, said Southern
Pacific Company, or the owners of the track
or approaches leading to «aid pier, shall exe
cute an agreement, and file the same with the
Secretary of War, that any railroad or trans
portaiion company or any corporation desir
ing to construct a pier in Santa Monica Bay.
may, for the purpose of approaching such
wharf or pier, and for the purpose of construct
ing and operating the same, cross the track or
tracks, approaches and right of way now used
by the Southern Pacific Company, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by the Secre
tary of War and upon the payment of such
compensation as that officer may find to be
reasonable.
Provided further, that in the event said har
bor is located at Port LO3 Angeles, no greater
royalty on the rock used for the construction
of the breakwater than 12% cents a cubic yard
shall be charged, and the Southern Pacific
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Company shall charge no more than half a
cent a ton a mile for freight on rock trans
ported over its road.
Improving Wilmington Harbor, Cal., in ac
cordance with the project submitted February
7, 1895, $50,000:
Provided, that contracts may be entered into
by the Secretary of War for such materials and
work as may be necessary to complete said
project to be paid for as appropriations
may from time to time be made by law,
not to exceed in the aggregate $342,000.
exclusive of the amount herein appropriated.
But no such contract shall be entered into
until the board, provided for in this act to de
termine the location of a deep-water harbor
for commerce and of refuge as between Port
Los Angeles, in Santa Monica Bay, and San
Pedro, in the State of California, has made its
report to the Secretary of War, and not at all
if said report shall be in favor of San Pedro as
the location of said harbor.
A preliminary survey of Wilmington was
agreed to, with a view of increasing the
depth of the harbor to twenty-five feet over
the area proposed to be improved in the ■
report of Lieutenant-Colonel Benyaurd,
Juno 8, 1894, and over an additional area,
extending to Smith Island, and of ade
quate width to allow towing of vessels.
WIND AND WATERSPOUT.
Ten Persons Killed and Many
Injured During the Storm in
Oklahoma.
Stories of Death and Disaster Com*
From Many Sections of the
Territory.
GUTHRIE, 0. T., May 22.— 50 far 48 re
ported ten persons were killed and many
injured by the cyclone and waterspout
which descended on this part of the Ter
ritory last night. Eight cyclones have
passed over a radius of fifty miles in this
region during the last five days, but Guth
rie has always escaped owing to its loca
tion. Five persons were killed at Cush
ing. They are: Harris Mclntyre and
daughter Julia. Jennie Wilmer, Peter
Davis and sou Frank.
Twenty houses were swept away at Bd
mondandtwo persons killed, Harvey Rich
and his daughter.
At Black Bear, John Rodgers and bis
wife were killed by falling timbers. At
the same place George White, a farmer,
was Killed and all the members of his
family injured by their house being blown
on them.
In the vicinity of White Eagle a dozen
houses were destroyed and many cattle
killed. At White Eagle three cyclones
formed within an hour and swept toward
the Osage country. It seems the bis
storm came from the south, and while
traveling north met another cyclone com
ing from the west.
Several lives are reported lost in the
Osage country, where the property loss is
estimated to be $75,000. Relief will b*
sent to the sufferers in Payne County.2
BUTLER'S BOND
RESOLUTION UP
An Interesting Debate on
Finances in the
Senate.
HILL AS AN OBJECTOR.
Vigorously Opposed to a Meas
ure That Will Embarrass
the Government.
TALK ABOUT TAKIFF RESUMED
Gray Makes a Proposition to Sher
man lhat Is Not Accepted by
Any Means.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.— An im
portant and spirited debate took place In
the Senate to-day on the bill introduced
several months ago by Butler of North
Caroline, prohibiting the issue of Govern
ment bonds without the consent of Con
gress. Hill spose for nearly three hours
in condemnation of the measure as an act
of repudiation, and it was also denounced
in most emphatic terms by Senators Sher
man of Ohio, Hawley of Connecticut,
Lodge of Massachusetts and Baker of
Kansas, while it was defended and advo
cated by Mills of Texas, George of Mis
sissippi, Clarke of Wyoming. Teller of Col
orado, Allen of Nebraska and Stewart of
Nevada.
The test vote on taking it up again in
the first instance showed a majority of
fourteen in its favor, but when it was dis
placed by the calendar after two hours'
discussion and a new vote was required to
take it up again, the majority had dwin
dled down to two. An effort was made to
have a time fixed for taking a vote next
Monday, but objection was made and the
bill went over until to-morrow.
Tbe final conference report on the river
and harbor bill was presented and agreed
to — a satisfactory compromise having been
readied in the matter of the deep-sea har
bor in Southern California, and at 6 r. a.
the Senate adjourned until to-morrow.
Immediately after prayer Butler (Pop.)
of North Carolina moved to proceed to the
consideration of his bill prohibiting the
issue of United States bonds without con
sent of Congress, and the motion was
agreed to — ayes 34, noe3 20. The vote in
detail was as foJlows:
Ayes— Allen. Bacon, Bate, Berry, Blackburn,
Brown, Butler, Chilian, Cockrell, Danie!, Du
bois, George, Hanshrougtt, Harris, Jones of
Arkansas, Kyle, Martin, Mills, Mitchell of
Oregon, Paseo, Peffer, P«rkins, Pettigrew,
Pritchard, Pugh, Shoup, Stewart, Teller, Thur
ston, Turpie, Vest, Warren, White and Wilson
-34.
Noes— Allison, Baker, Burrows, Caffery,
Chandler, Davis, Frye, Gallinger, Gray, Hale,
Hawley, Hill, Lindsay, Mcßride, McMillan,
Morrill, Nelson, Sherman, Vilas and Wetmore
—20.
This displaced Sherman's request for
unanimous consent to take up the "filled
cheese" bill.
Hill took the floor on the bond measure,
but yielded temporarily to other business.
Among such business was the House bill
to quiet title to lands of persons who pur
chased the same in good faith with notice
and for a valuable conslueration, and to
enable the Government to issue patents on
such lands, and that commutations of
homestead entries shall take place from
date of settlement and not from date of
entry, which was passed with amend
ments.
A second partial conference report on
the Indian appropriation bill was taked up
and agreed to and a further conference
asked.
Hill then addressed the Senate against
the prohibitory bond bill.
"Mr. President," he said, "the crime,
tbe alleged crime, of 1873. is nothing com
pared to the crime which will be perpe
trated if this act shall paBS tne present
Congress and become a Jaw.
"Stripped of all its verbiage, condensed
as it is, it is a bold proposition for the re
peal of the resumption act of 1875, for tbe
repeal of the only provision of law that
exists for the maintenance or redemption
of the paper currency of the country. It
does not, in so many words, re peal tbe law of
1875, but it ie in effect a repeal of that law.
It is a startling proposition. It will not solve
the silver question. It win not solve the
financial question. It simply embarrasses
tbe Government. It simply puts in peril
the finances of the country. It is a meas
ure in the wrong direction. It was boldly
avowed yesterday by its author and
sponsor as a Populist measure. Let there
be no misunderstanding about it. It is an
avowed Populist measure.
"It is not the silver question that is in
volved in tnis bill. It is the integrity of the
Government that is involved. It" is the
KEW TO-DAY.
"APENTA
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical lnstitutt
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
"We know of no stronger or more favourably- \ Cr\ suces&tfcvPtsA**s4AS
constituted Natural Aperient Water than that - Royal Councillor, m.d , Projtnor f
yielded by the UjHunyadi Spring*.- J
(Mimttry of Agric*ltur(), Buda Put.
APPROVED BY THE ACAD^MIE DE MEDECINE, PARIS.
Prices: 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle; •
OP ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS,
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information suppled
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents'
of
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
honor of the Government It is the preser
vation oi the good faith of the Govern
ment."
Sherman (R.) of Ohio here repeated
what he said the other day— that if Con
gress adjourned without making some
provision to meet the current expenditures
of the Government it would be an out
rage and a shame. The President of the
United States had no power to borrow
money except for a single purpose and he
would not do it. The Senate had refused
to give him the power to borrow money. It
had refused in the most ignominious way
to provide any measure whatever to sup
ply the deficiency by substituting a free
coinage of silver bill for the temporary
tariff bill sent to it by the House.
That was the act of a bankrupt, a dis
graced bankrupt, because the measure
ought to be passed. The pending bill pro
posed to repeal the only provision by which
the parity of gold and silver could be
maintained. And that was its purpose.
But there was no danger of its becoming a
law because the House of Representatives
would not pass it, and therefore Sonators
were only wasting tirr.e and exposing
themselves rather badly before the people.
He thought it would be wise for the Dem
ocrats to take up the Dingley bill, which
was intended to meet the very difficulty
that was confronting the country. That
might not be a good bill, but Democratic
Senators joining with Populists had prac
tically laid it on the tabie by substituting
for it a coinage bill.
They could not escape that responsi
bility. It seemed to him that the senate
of the United States would fall below the
high standard which it had had so lonir in
the history of the country if it neglected
duties which Senators were sworn to per
form. The President would be justified
in calling them bacK by the Ist of July
next. He (.-Sherman) had no party feeling
in the matter.
Gray (D.) of Delaware said he agreed
with the Senator from Ohio in regarding
this as a crisis in the history of the coun
try and in the history of the Senate, and
he agreed with him that for the Senate to
adjourn without some remedial legisla
tion for the threatened evils would be an
outrage and a shame.
He wanted to say to the Senator from
Ohio that it the Finance Committee would
propose a measure for increasing the reve
nue — with an assurance that Republican
Senators would support it — a measure in
tended only to increase the revenue, he
would find co-operation enough on ttie
Democratic side of the chamber to pass
that measure. And he made that offer
now.
Sherman remarked that the Democrats
were in a minority in tbe Senate; that
there was a large Republican majority in
the House: tnat the action of the House
could not be disregarded, and that the
Dineley bill could not be torn in pieces in
order to take up the idea of a purely reve
nue tariff. The great majority of the
House believed — as he did — that every tax
ought to be levied with a view, if possible,
to promote American industry.
An exclamation cf amused satisfaction
escaped Gray, but he did not interrupt
Sherman, who continued to point out ihe
folly of expecting the House to abandon
its high protective policy.
"I was afraid," Gray observed, "that the
benator from Ohio did not thoroughly un
derstand himself when he made that offer
of patriotic, non-partisan action. In that
regard I desired to co-operate with him,
Dut now he modifies his proposition and
says that we must accept the measure that
came from the House, and which is, de
monstratedly, a purely protective meas
ure, which would produce no revenue, but
would be much more likely to decrease it,
as the McKinley act did."
"Why not take it up in the Senate,"
Sherman asked, "and amend it?"
"I want a revenue »easure," Gray re
plied, "on a non-paitisan basis and one
that will produce revenue, not a measure
that will compel us to pay toll to privi
leged and interested classes."
Daniel (I>.) of Virginia objected to
Gray's tendering the good offices of the
Democratic side to support a Republican
measure and be suggested that the
seigniorage of silver in the treasury be
used for the deficit.
Gray denied having made a tender of
Democratic support. He had merely said
that there would be co-operation on the
Democratic side in the direction indicated
by the Senator from Ohio.
At this point Chandler (R.) of New
Hampshire asked Hill to yield to him for
a moment, to which request Hill replied,
amid laughter, "I yield to my good
friend from New Hampshire."
Chandler's interruption, however,
amounted to nothing and the general
swing of the debate was resumed.
George (D.) of Mississippi explained his
position on the tariff question. He was
willing, he said, to vote a tax on beer, a
revenue tax on wool and lumber and a
fair revenue tax on tea and coffee, and he
was willing to vote to increase tbe taxes
on cigars manufactured and imported and
on cigarettes and for a fair revenue duty
on agricultural products imported from
Canada.
Mitchell (R.) of Oregon asked George
what he considered a fair revenue tariff on
wool.
"About 30 or 40 per cent ad valorem,"
George replied.
"Will the Senator from Mississippi,"
Mitchell asked, "agree to tatce up tne
House tariff bill and see whether the Sen
ate cannot a mend it?"
"1 hesitate to answer that question,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
said George, "because 1 think there ought
to be some understanding before the ques
tion is mooted as to what is to be done."
After further discussion Dubois (D.) of
Idaho said he saw no reason why, with a
free coinage of silver provision, Senators
should not pass a judicious tariff bill and
adjourn and go home.
"I think that 'eoing home,'" Hill re
marked, sarcastically, "will meet the en
tire approval of the American people."
[Laughter.]
Then Hill went on with his argument
against the bill. He spoke facetiously of
Sherman nibbling at the bait thrown out
by Gray, and of his then withdrawing
when "called." [Laughter.]
Hill declared with emphasis that there
would be no tariff bill this session; that if
an extra session were called there would
be no tariff till passed in it, and that at
the two sessions of the next Congress there
would be no tariff bill passed.
"And yet," said he, "you propose to
take the Government by the throat and to
repeal the only safeguard for the protec
tion of your honor and credit. That is the
situation."
"With that acknowledged inability to
pass a revenue biii antl to increase rev
enue," George asked, "does the Senator
from New York propose that we remain
in the condition of relying on the act of
1875 for the means of revenue? He would
not let the paper currency of the Govern
ment go to protest. He would take the
last dollar in the treasury and main
tain the honor and credit of the Govern
ment. And he misjudged the character
and vigor and force of the President if he
did not do so. He believes at all hazards,
at all risks and at all times the President
would insist that the paper currency of
the country should be redeemed in coin.
He denounced the bill as the height of
folly.
"It is," he exclaimed, "IStjO and 1861
over again. It will just as surely divide
the Democratic party. It would be the
worst step ever taken by the Democratic
party. The Democratic party can stand a
threat deal, but it could not stand that.
We must see to it that the notes of the
Government must be honored; must be
met in the coin of the Government; must
be met in hard money and redeemed.
That is th» Democratic theory. That is the
true theory of the Government. That is
the honest policy of procuring revenue to
meet the expenditures of the Govern
ment."
"The situation is indeed a grave one,"
Hill replied. "If we are running behind
at the rate of $30,000,000 and if we cannot
agree on a tariff measure it is the height of
wisdom to leave on the statute-book this
authority to the President to redeem the
greenbacks which may be presented."
Peffer(Pop.) of Kansas asked whether
Hill pretended to represent the views of
the administration in this matter.
Hill replied that he supposed that even
the Senator from Kansas comprehended
his (Hill's) position. He bad repeatedly
stated that he did not assume to represent
the present administration. If he was
President of the United States (as he sup
posed from the present outiook he never
would be) — [laughter] — he would air his
power and declare that he would stop all
expenditures appropriated for public works
unless sufficient money was provided. It
is the only policy that we can pursue."
Baker (R.) of Kansas argued against the
bill. Its passage, lie said, would be the
greatest crirae ot the nineteenth century,
it attacked the hnancial honesty and in
tegrity of the Government; it fore
shadowed panic, disturbance and repudia
tion.
Hill objected to following these men,
the Populists — "crazy as they are on this
subject of hnance." He declared he washed
his hands of the whole of it. Ii was un
wise, he thought, for Democrats to support
it, in view of the delicate situation of the
party on the finance question. Democrats
had difficulties enough to contend with,
without adding to them.
"Let it be understood," he added, "that
the party to which we belong is attempt
ing to cripple the finances of the country
by not maintaining a sufficient fund to re
deem the paper currency, and there is an
end to our prospects of success; and we
might as well count the days within which
we shall retire permanently from power.
All my ambitions and hopes are involved
in the success of the Democratic party. It
is said that I represent the financial center
of the country. But I remind my Demo
cratic friends that this is the great city of
New York, which has only once in its "his
tory given a Republican majority, and
that was on a local issue. It has,
by its immense majority, saved the party
on many occasions. Thousands and
thousands of business men and bankers
have ruuintained fidelity to the Demo
cratic cause. We cannot maintain our
party in the North on any such theory as
this bill. Provide ample funds at all
times with which to redeem your paper
currency and we will solve the gold and
silver question satisfactorily and maintain
the grand old party, which, in all its his
tory of the country, has done so much for
its glory and honor."
Hawley (R.) of Connecticut denounced
the bill indignantly. Its passage would be
the foulest — the only foul spot in the rec
ord of the Senate. It was horrible. It
was altogether impossible. It was repu
diation. It was bankruptcy. It was an
archist infamy.
Sherman said he was sorry that the bill
bad been introduced— not that it could do
any harm, because it would fall dead and
not be acted upon either by the House of
Representatives or the President. The
agitation, however, would create alarm
among the most timid people in the
world— hankers and business men. It
would probably lead to grave doubts as to
the ability of the Government to maintain
specie paymont. It was a repudiation of
the public debt, and as such he de
nounced it.
"Ihank God," said he, "the House of
Representatives still stands there on the
right side and the President of the United
Slates will aid the House in preventing
any such action."
These remarks were appiauded very gen
erally—the first instance of applause dur
ing the debate.
Teller (R.) of Colorado characterized
some of Sherman's statements as arrant
nonsense and untruthful, which he could
not allow to go "unrebuked and un
proved." The craze to maintain the gold
standard was rapidly destroying the Dem
ocratic party and would destroy the Re
publican party before it got throngh.
After further remarks by Butler (Pop.)
of North Carolina and Allen (Pop.) of
Nebraska, the bill went over without ac
tion.
An effort was made to have Monday
next at 5 r. m. fixed as the time for taking
the vote on the bill, but objection was
made by Dubois. The bill comes up again
to-morrow as the uunnished business, with
Allen on the floor.
The final report on the riyer and harbor
bill was presented and agreed to and the
Senate at 6 p. m. adjourned until to-mor
row.
Inereastd Bounties on Sugar.
BERLIN, Germany, May 22. — The
Bundesrath has accepted the Government's
bill increasing the bounties on sugar as
amended in the Reichstag.
CONFERENCES OF
RELIGIOUS BODIES
Important Topics Considered
at the Meetings of
Methodists.
GOODSELL'S NEW MISSION
During a Tour of Europe He Will
Look After Church Consoli
dation in Germany.
AN ELECTION OF EDITOES.
Preliminaries Completed at the Pres
byterian General Assembly
at Saratoga.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 22.— Bishop
Andrews, the senior Bishop of the Meth
odist church, presided at tfcis morning's
session of the General Conference. Port
land, Or., was selected as the place for the
last of the episcopal residences.
It was decided after much discussion
that the Bishops should select their places
of residence in the order of seniority.
Bishop Goodsell was granted leave of
absence in order to go to Europe on a tour
of inspection. He will look after the con
solidation of the two churches in Ger
many.
A memorial to tnirty-two different
nations and rulers on the subject of arbi.
tration was adopted.
When the election of Dr. Buckley as the
editor of the Christian Advocate was an
nounced, tbe delegates and tbe galleries
gave him an ovation. It was fnliy rive
minutes before the house could be quieted.
Dr. C. W. Smith of Pittsburg, Dr. Levi
Gilbert of the First Church, Cleveland,
and Rev. Dr. Muller, presiding elder of the
North Ohio Conference, were placed in
nomination for editor of the Pittsburjj
Advocate. Tbe Ust two named repre
sented two different factions in local
church circles and are not on very good
terms personally. Dr. Muller withdrew
and Mr. Smith was elected on the first
ballot.
The following officers were elected:
Secretary of tbe Sunday-school Union and
Tract Society, Merritt Hulburd of Wil
mington; secretary of the Board of Educa
tion, Charles H. Payne of Cincinnati;
editor of the Methodist Review, W. V.
Kelly of New York; editor of the Christian
Advocate, Rev. Dr. J. M. Buckley of New
York; eattor of the Western Christian
Advocate. David H. Moore of Cincinnati;
editor of the Central Christian Advocate,
Jesse Boweu Young of fet. Louis. In the
election for editor of the California Ad
vocate a contest arose. Dr. Matthews has
served as editor, but the laymen came on
with the determination to elect Dr. Miiton
D. Buck. Dr. Matthews received 310 votes
and Dr. Buck 104.
For editor of the Apologist of Cincin
nati Dr. A. J. Vast, the former editor, was
the only nominee. This leave» but two
ollicers to be elected, and this will be done
to-morrow morning.
Plans will be submitted to the confer
ence for establishing an insurance society
under the auspices of tbe church. Under
the plan each congregation insures its
property for three years and pays the
same premium as though the insurance
w«s given by one of the standard com
panies, but only one-third of the premium
for tbe entire period is paid in cash.
Over 2000 people witnessed the consecra
tion of twelve deaconesses and listened to
the exercises of the anniversary of dea
cons' work at the Central Armory to
night. Bishop Vincent presided. Dr.
Lucy Rider Myer of Chicago, Miss Dur
ham of Buffalo and Mrs. Jane Bancroft
Robinson ot Detroit were the principal
speakers. After a brief address by Bishop
Ninde the deaconesses were consecrated.
PROTESTANT METODISTS
Seventeenth Quadrennial Session of the
General Conference.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 22.— The
seventeenth quadrennial session of the
Methodist Protestant General Conference
of the United States will adjourn sine die
to-morrow. Thig morning's session was
devoted to a discussion of the report of the
committee on home missions, providing
that the board could not assume any new
obligations until its present once were
liquidated. No decisive action was taken.
The committee on educational institutions
made its report on the work of the Adrian
(Mich.) College and the Western Mary
land Seminary for the last four years,
complimented the management of the in
stitutions and nominated trustees.
PRESBYTERIAN ASSEMBLY.
Recommendations Eclating to I' roper
Observance of the Sabbath. .
SARATOGA, N. V., May 22.— The Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyterians began
business this morning at 9:40 o'clock, Mod
erator Withrow being in the chair. The
most important matter of the day was the
announcement of the standing committees
which he made up last night in along
conference with the stated and permanent
clerks of the assembly. Dr. Booth, as re
tiring moderator, is at the head of the
bills and overtures committee, with Dr.
Agnew of Philadelphia as the second man.
Dr. Agnew, on account of Dr. Booth's in
disposition, will perform the duties of
chairman.
Dr. Breed, the leading candidate of the
opposition, should stand at the head of
the judicial committee, the second in im
portance in the assembly, but as some
cases before this committee come from
Dr. Breed's locality he is placed at the
head of the theological seminary commit
tee.
Dr. Montfort, third man in the contest
for moderator, is named as chairman of
the judicial committee. Dr. Davies, nom
inator of Dr. Witbrow, is put dowu as
chairman of the committee on church
polity.
The report of the committee on the
Church at Home and Abroad Magazine
was read by Chairman John S. Macintosh.
The accounts of the year for a circulation
of 15,890 conies of the magazine per month
show a deficiency of $3448. The report,
with slight amendments, was received and
adopted, and the committee was con
tinued.
Dr. Fox of Brooklyn, from the commit
tee on church temporalities, reported a
recommendation to change the form of
government of the Presbyterian church in
the clause relating to deacons. At present
church trustees may be persons not mem
bers of the church, and in consequence
conmct sometimes occurs between elders
and trustees. Tbe proposed change gives
tne direction and control of the church
temporalities to deacons instead of to trus
tees, and requires that deacons shall be
elected from the communicants of the
church.
Such management shall in all cases be
subject to the exclusive authority of the
session and minister over the worshi D of
the church, including not only the times
ana places of preaching the word and other
religious services, but also the music and
the use of the church buildings.
Following are the heads of committees
as announced by Moderator Withrow:
standing committees, bills and overtures
Robert R. Booth, D.D.; judicial commit
tee, Francis C. Montfort, D.D. ; church
polity, John R. Davies, D.D. ; home mis
sions, William P. Kane, D.D.; foreign
missions, B. C. Henry, D.D. ; education,
i^. B. Thompson, D.D.; theological semin
aries, David R. Breed, D.D.; ministerial
relief, George B. Stewart, D.D. ; freedmen,
V. D. Reed, D.D.; mileage, 6. M. Clement;
finance, F. L. Sheppard.
The report of the committee on Sabbath
observance was read by Chairman Wor
rell, who, in presenting the report referred
to the chief perils of Sunday observance,
such as the greed of gain, which compels
thousands against their will to worlc on
the Lord's day; the dissemination of
theories concerning individual liberty and
social order, which are destructive of our
best National traditions; Sunday base
ball games, Sunday theaters and Sunday
bicycle pleasure riding, etc.
Tne report entreats members and all
other persons "to conscientiously discoun
tenance whatever tends to break down the
distinction between this and other days;
as for instance, Sunday trading, buying,
reading, or in any way supporting Sunday
secular newspapers, social entertainments
and visitations that dissipate serious
thought, and all self-indulgence on the
Lord's day that tends to unfit them for
God's worship," and recommends that as
far as practicable the last Sabbath in Oc
tober shall be specially devoted to the
consideration of the binding obligation to
"remember the Sabbath day to keep it
holy."
The reference to Sunday bicycle riding
which, however, was not embodied in the
resolutions, caused some debate, Dr. Keen
land speaking for the tolerance of the
Christian bicycle clubs, providing they at
tended no meets. Tbe resolutions were
adopted.
At the opening of the afternoon sesssion
Rev. Dr. Craven of Philadelphia read the
report of the committee to which was re
ferred the overture from the Synod of In
dia relating to the treatment in the mis
sion churches of the polygamous converts
there. The trouDle arose over a conflict in
some of the Indian churches as to which
marriage of the polygamous converts
should be recognized, the tirst or family
marriage, or the second, or love marriage.
Consideration of the report was deferred.
Chairman Breed of Pittaburg presented
the report of the special committee ou
young people's societies. To this com
mittee was referred the overtures for the
formation of a Westminister League in op
position to the Christian Endeavor So
ciety, also overtures asking for the recog
nition in the assembly of the Christian
Endeavor and other young people's so
cieties by the institution of a board of
young people's societies. The committee's
report is against overtures. It recom
mends cultivation of young people's so
cieties by tne church sessions and presby
byteries, but declines to advise the formal
approval of any society or the establish
ment of a Presbyterian society or of a
board of young people's societies.
The report excited an amusing debate,
in which the merits and demerits of
the Christian Endeavor and other so
cieties were well aired.
The committee recommends tbe adop
tion, among other things, of a resolution
as follows: "The assembly deems it un
necessary to prescribe any specific form of
organization for individual young people's
societies, while it expects them to conform
to certain acknowledged principles, both
general and particular, as follows: In gen
eral these societies are to be organized and
to work in conformity with the historic
position of the church as expressed in her
standard and intepreted by her courts."
In specifying its historic position the
committee state 3, among other things, the
following in relation to the political activ
ity of the young people's socities: The
separation of the church in its organic ca
pacities from all political creeds and all
methods of political action, our young
people's societies may not be utilized for
the advancement of any political project,
however apparently laudable.
A statement of the relations of the soci
eties to the session was also proposed,
which provided for a close supervision of
the constitutions, schedules of services,
election of officers and dissnbution of the
funds of the societies. Presbyterian unions
of such societies were further advised by
the report.
The whole report, except the last rec
ommendation concerning Presbyterian
unions, was adopted without opposition.
On a division the assembly adopted the
amendment striking out the clause rec
ommending tne plan of unions to the
presbyteries. The assembly then ad
journed, with the Breed report still tha
order of the day.
BAPTIST ANNIVERSARIES
An Exhortation to Increased Activity in
Missionary Work.
ASBURY PAKK, N. X, May 22.— The
second uf the Baptist anniversaries, that
of the American Baptist Missionary Un
ion, was held to-day. The president of
the union, Henry F. Colby, D.D., of Day
ton, Ohio, called the session to order. His
address was an exhortation to increased
activity in missionary work. At the close
of his remarks the usual committees were
apj ointed, and the report of the executive
committee was presented by 8. W. Dun
can, the foreign secretary.
Mr. Duncan's report shows that the debt
has been reduced more than $26,129, leav
ing $163,828 still unpaid. During the year
tifty-seven men and women have gone to
the foreign field, but there is a peremptory
demand for twenty more.
E. P. Coleman, treasurer of the union,
reported the total receipts for the yaar
to be $632,954 and the total appropriations
$606,825.
The Rev. W. F. Thomas, a lately re
turned missionary from Burmah, gave a
glowing account of mission work in the
East, and Professor Gilmore of the
Rangoon College spoke of the importance
of educational work in Burmah.
The following members were elected to
the board of managers: \V. T. Scott,
Franklin, Ind.; H. M. King, Providence.
R. Lj W. T. Chase, Philadelphia; Ueor,-e
C. Lorrimer, Boston; E. M. Boteat, New
Haven, Conn.; Wayland Hoyt, Phila
delphia; John Humpstone, Brooklyn, N.
V. ; B. L. Whitman, Washington; Edward
Judson, New York; C. H. Hobart, Oak
land, Cal.; W. P. Walter, Huntington, W.
Va., and J. 8. Holmes, Terre Haute, Ind.
Pittbburg was named as the place of next
year's meeting, and Indianapolis was sug
gested for the meeting in 1898.
SESSION OF THE MOUSE.
An Agreement Jieachrd on the Harbor
Appropriation Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.-The
labor commission bill, discussion of whicn
wa3 begun yesterday, has apparently
failed for this session. The rule provid
ing for consideration of the bill excepting
conference reports on the appropriation
bills from its operation and to-day's
session was exhausted by measures of this
character. The first was the report of the
partial agreement on the river and harbor
appropriation bill.
It met the vigorous opposition of
Dockery (D.) of Missouri and Hepburn
(R.)of lowa, but, despite their eloquent
denunciations of the iniquity of the Dill
the report was agreed to by a vote of 189
to 56. Friends of the bill endeavored to
prevent a vote by ayes and noes, but Hep
burn was able to master sufficient strength
to effectively second his demand.
Next came the sundry civil appropria
tion bill, and upon tbe plea made by Bart
lett(D.)of New York the House voted—
150 to 59— not to agree to the conference
report. His objection was an item appro
priating $12,500 to pay General James D.
Mcßride for 2500 eets of his historical
publications, which, he said, were merely
charts— cheap, poor, imperfect and faulty.
The House voted to insist upon its dis
agreement to all the Senate amendments
except those relating to public buildings
and upon these separate votes were taken.
As* to all that was reached before the
House, under the rules, took a recess until
8 o'clock, it voted to insist upon its agree
ments. These were public buildings at
Boise Cty, Idaho; Camden, N. J.; Chey
enne, Wyo.; Helena, Mont.; Kansas City,
Mo.; Little Rock, Ark., and a postoffice at
Fortress Monroe, Va. The conference re
port was agreed to fixing the pension
voted to Brigadier-General Joseph P.
West, formerly United States Senator
from Louisiana, at $55 a month.
At the evening session Erdman (D.) of
Pennsylvania submitted to the House *
series of tables showing in detail the work
of the Committee on Pensions and Invalid
Pensions at this session of Congress.
From this it appeared that the committees
had reported bills to pension the number
given of each of the following erades of
officers or their widows as stated: Major
generals (including four rear-admirals),
25; brigadier-generals (including: two com
modores), 26; colonels, 25; lieutenant
colonels, 4; majors, 19; captains, 42; first
lieutenants, 19; second lieutenants, 2.
The average annual pensions granted to
these ranged from $312 for first lieuten
ants to $828 for major-generals, the general
average being $467. Bills calling for an
average of $432 had been reported to pen
sion other non-privates. Besides these
bills had been reported to pension 271
privates at an annual average of $286.
Fifteen bills were acted upon during the
session, all being favorably reported to the
House.
At 10:30 the House adjourned until to
morrow.
Lieutenant Gatettrood Dead.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.-First
Lieutenant Charles Gatewood, Sixth
United States Cavalry, died at Fortress
Monroe, Va., Wednesday, from internal
cancer. He had been on sick leave for
some time, and hia intended retirement
was delayed only with the intention of
allowing him to become a captain in the
regular course of promotion before lie weni
on the inactive list.
Lieutenant Gatewood was a Virginian,
and graduated from West Point in 1873.
In several Indian campaigns he proved his
bravery. One of his notable exploits was
making a secret visit to Geronimo's camp,
and escaping uninjured.
Arizona's funding Act,
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.— The
Senate Committee on Territories to-day
ordered a favorable report on the bill, ap
proving with amendments the funding act
of the Territory of Arizona so as to au
thorize the funding of all outstanding ob
ligations of the Territory. The purpose of
the law is to effect an annual saving in in
terest and place the Territory on a cash
basis.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-ciay stood at fi11, 110,736. To-day's
withdrawals were $1,118,000.
NEW TO-DAT.
"Wall, I'm blowed-fooled again;
bought a suit of those ready-made
come-to-pleces clothes from one of
those out-of-the-way Joints, and
then made a fool of myself a second
time by going to a so-called 'whole- I
sale tailor.'
"I'll not be fooled a third time;
Roos Bros. Is good enough for me." I
A suit that will suit for Spring or Summer— I
neat, new in coloring and design— only $7.
Altered and Dressed as desired. Suits of dark
and medium shndes, but light in price and
heavy in quality, $10. made and worth
much more.
Bike suits, outinj suits, white duck pants,
hata, caps, neglige shirts, sweaters— everything
to make summer a delightful time to you at
■mall cott.
„ &f" Our Mail Order Department is unex-
celled; samples, etc., oa application.
- -' V-/ X^a_y Bf^of dls£harre wlflcff fI , it b r d «7 or nlghtT Prevents qnlck>
B3 . . -i JcumeysaHu ttiß urinary oreansof all imnnritiH
™CT FIDE JJE strengthens and restores small weafcorgans; "nponUe*
_ The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors is becansa nlnntv nor rant am tmnNa/i «rttf>
a Is. A written ganrtuitoe given »ml money returned if six box« £ not e&e^t a oermanMt «SSi
ais. A writt«*a guarantee given and money returned if six boxes dnon not tfflvt a iwrmuvnt «>nn» -
|LOO a box, six for * 5.00, by mail. Send for nxK clrcularandteatimonlaS? permanent car*
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. For sale by
BROOK^PHAKMACY. 119 Powell street
WE W to-dat; [
I
EAGLESON'S
Grand Stock
OF——-
Spring Goods
FACTORY PRICES!
FANCY SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
FULL DRESS SHIRTS,
NECK DRESS,
UNDERWEAR, ETC.,
LADIES' WAISTS,
HOSIERY.
748-750 MARKET ST.
242 MONTGOMERY ST.
OCEAW STEAMSHIPS?
ASTOmIIPORTUND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Suite ot California sails May 3? and June 2
Columbia sails May 18 and 28
From Bpear-et. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. U.
600DAU,, jerkins"* co oenu Sn ts>
V. if. CONMOB. General Airant,
' ■ saOMarHPtatrwt.
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
3B*li"»t Class &0.00
Second Class S&G OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street
GOOD ALL, PERKIXH dt CO.,
Gfieral Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM At*
Broadway wharf, Uao Francisco, a* J&&SE
follows:
For Mary Island. Lorinsr. WrangeL Juneau. Kll-
Usnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), n w a. * May 11.
29, .lane 3, 16, 18, va
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. O. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoroa. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllnfham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. v.
May 4. 9. li, io, 34. a & and every flftb
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlto
the C. X R. R., at Tacoma with If. P. R. R.
at Seattle with Q. X By., at Port Townsend wlts
Alaska steamers.
For Kureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boliii Bay) atr. Pomona, 2 p. it., May 1, 5, 9,
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Kan Simeon, Cayucos,
Fort Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hneneme, San Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Anjteieg) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Ma;
3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. it.. .May 1. 5. 9. 13. 17, 2L 25. 20 aad
every fourth day thereafter.
ior Knsenada, Pan Jose del Cabc, Masatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), sir. Orizaba,
10 a. M., June 1, 27, and 25th of each month there
at r r.
TicKet office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
tiOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gent Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
COMPAG GENERAL TRAHSATLAHTIQUS
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER NORTH ,qji\
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by £fc-3§g
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ail
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via I'arii
ttrst-ciass $160: second-class, 9110.
j.A TOITRAINK. Capt. Santelli.. . .May 2* 8 a. m.
LA KORJIANDIE May 23. BA.lt
LA GASCOGNE Jure 30, 7 A. M.
LA NOK I Dll-. July 4, 6a. U.
LA QA6OOONK July 25. 11 a. it.
LA NOTINt AVOIR ....Auirustl, 5 a. m.
LA ROT T ROOc;xK. Capt. Lcbteof. .June 6. 7 a. m
tfST For farther particulars apply to
„ _„ A. FORGET. Agent.
„ »r,^, N* 3 *. B ?£ 'UK Oreen, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI <fc CO., Agents, 0 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. *
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, L± HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [1 »v
AUSTRALIA. VS.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day, May 23, at 10 a. if. Special party rates.
a S. M>NOVVAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND lor SYDNEY. Thursday, May 21*
at 2 p. v.
LIneioCOOLGARDIE, A ust.. and CAPETOWN
6. Afr. J. D. SPRKCKKLB & BROS. CO., AgtS^
114 Montgomery sL
Freight Office. 327 Market at.. San Francisco.
«»P^En_K OAMBDRG-AMEIMC LWE
gFSgg© TWIX-SCUEW EXPRESS
*=.-!■» i TSTiiiß"" Li ve from New York to
mouth (London), Ch«Tbount, Paris &, Hamburg. '
F. Bismarck.. :.. May 28 I Normannla June 11
Columbia. June « | A. Victoria. JunelS
L Cab., $95 and upward: 11. Cab., 950 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON-. 41A h.. free of charja. !
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, t\^ h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE. 37 Broadway, N. V., or to Local Agents.
ROYAL KAIL STEABJACKET COIPAST.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALt, S>r*K~
fortnightly for the West Indies and etSStM
> Southampton, calling en route at CTbourgh,
1 France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mall S. a Co., issued for freight and tws*.
I v* to direct ports In England aad Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, f 195; thlif
■Mi fOT Mk For further particulars apply to
PABROTT A CO., Agent*,
. ; 806 California
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington SU
Sunday at 7 P. M.
tar Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STDAMKRs:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Petern
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Kav. and Impt. Co.
FALIEJO. MARE ISUND, •BEIICIA, PORT
COSTA m CROCKETT.
STK. MONTICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo-30 A. »
•4***o,. Satur^ i 0 30 jg »■*>'•"'
landing. Mission 1, Pier 3.WILL NOT HAVE A WALKOVER
What Leaders of the Two Great
Parties Have to Say About
Flajor flcKinley.
GENERAL CLARKSON AND CHAIRMAN HARRITY
REVIEW THE SITUATION.
Democrats Expect to Capture the Country With a
Sound Money Candidate, While Republicans
Are Confident of Victory.
NEW YORK, N. V. f May 22.-William
F. Harrity, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee, reviewed the Demo
cratic outlook in the country in a conver
sation with a reporter at the Fifth-avenue
Hotel to-day.
"The Democrats," said Mr. Harrity,
"are by no means so hopeless as the Re
publican newspapers picture them. On
the contrary, they are hopeful and grow
ing more hopeful every day. With every
advance of the McKinley movement the
chance of the Democracy has been im
proved. If McKinley is nominated at St.
.Louis I am confident that Democratic
success next November will be not only
possible, but extremely probable. Busi
ness men throughout the country have a
profound distrust of McKinley on account
of his record on the currency question and
his present silence, and I don't believe
that that distrust can be removed by the
adoption of a sound-money platform by
the St. Louis convention. Even if McKin
ley should speak out later the distrust
would remain in a greater or less degree,
for business men cannot understand why
any man should hesitate at all to give his
views on such an important question as
the currency.
"There is no doubt now that the Demo
cratic National Convention will name a
sound-money candidate and adopt a sound
money platform. Going before the country
with such a candidate and such a platform.
we can, I believe, carry New York, New-
Jersey, Connecticut and Indiana — which
means that the country will be carried by
the Democracy."
"Is it certain that the sound-money men
will control the Democratic National Con
vention ?" was asked.
"1 believe it is," Harrity replied. "There
will be a spirited contest, no doubt, but
sound money will prevail. One element of
the convention will be in favor of free
coinage of silver; another will favor a com
promise to catch both the gold and silver
men; but the honest-money men, I am
sure, will be in the majority, and the plat
form will contain a square declaration in
favor of the gold standard. And I wish
to predict, too, that the platform, in will
the end, be adopted by the whole conven
tion. I consider the talk about bolting as
nonsense. The Democrats will express
their views and fight tili a vote is taken.
Then all will fall in line with the ma
jority."
"Some delegates have declared that they
will bolt in case a gold-standard plank is
put in the platform. How are they to be
kept in line?" asked the reporter.
"I have only this to say," said Harrity
with significant emphasis, "delegates who
say beforehand that they will not rbideby
the decision of the majority of the conven
tion should not be admitted to it."
"It is too early yet to talk of candidates,"
continued Harrity. "At present no candi
date has 100 delegates back of him. Only
one thing as to the candidate is certain,
and that is that he will be a man of a clear
financial record, a man whose views on
xhe currency are not doubtful and who will
not be afraid to express them — a man who
will be all that McKinley is not on the cur
rency question. No straddling will be per
mitted in the platform and no straddler
will be nominated by the convention."
"How is ex-Governor Pattison's candi
dacy getting along?" was asked.
"Very well," replied Mr. Harrity, "but I
am not making any predictions about the
winner at Chicago just yet."
NOT TO BE WEEDED OUT.
Silver Men Do Hot Propose to Take a
Hack Seat at Chicago.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.— A state
ment made in a New York paper in
connection with an interview with Chair
man Harrity that the majority of the
Democratic National Committee being
"sound money" men. they would adopt
drastic measures and weed out all silver
sis teen-to-one delegates who have threat
ened to bolt, has been read with interest
by Democrats in Congress to-day.
The silver men ridicule the idea of such
a plan to capture the convention succeed
ing. They say that they are going to con
trol the convention and, therefore, will
not consider the Question of bolting and
that any plan to keep out of the conven
tion duly accredited delegates will fail.
Senator Jones of Arkansas said this
afternoon that he did not doubt that some
of the gold Democrats would favor resort
ing to the "drastic measures" suggested,
but that such a plan could not receive the
sanction of the National Committee.
"Most of the gold men on the committee
would in my judgment," he said, "repudi
ate such a plan. Among them are men of
honor who would be above such a course.
I think those who propose it will find that
they could not succeed and will conclude
not to make the attempt. Some of the
managers on that side, as has been shown
by their course in some of the States, are
capable of such a course, but honorable
gentlemen who agree with them on finance
would not lend themselves to it. They
could not stand any show. The silver men
are going to be too strong in the conven
tion."
The departure of Mr. Quay for Canton,
Ohio, was no surprise here, for it was
known yesterday afternoon that he was
trying to make arrangements in the con
ference committee to get away, but it was
thought he would not be able to leave
until to-day. Mr. Quay was anxious to
leave so as to get to Canton by Sunday, for
word had been received here that Major
nexf week. tlpecled to go to Cleveland
Much amusement is caused by the seri
ous statement that Quay will offer to Mc-
Kinley, in exchange for , a promise of the
control of the Pennsylvania patronage
the benefit 01 his advice and experienced'
practical politics. experience in
There is no doubt that Mr. Quay will
support the Republican nominee and that
his "advice and experience in practical
polities'' may be availed of, so far as it is
serviceable, but under existing circum
stances is not regarded as trading material
on which to make terms with McKinley
NEW YORK, N. YMY M May S2.— The Hon
James S. Clarkson, Republican National
Committeeman for lowa and chief Allison
boomer, is at the Fifth-avenue Hotel, says
the New York Sun. General Clarkson has
traveled all over the country. "The dele
gates to the convention are now practi
cally elected," he said, "and no candidate
has a majority. This may b« broadly as
serted, and all challengers safely referred
to the decision of the hrst ballot at St.
Louis for proof or disproof of the state
ment. Here are the figures in totals as
gained by authentic and revised reports
from each State and Congressional district
convention in the country:
Delegates elected for McKinley 384
Delegates elected for other candidate* 452
Delegates actually contested. 82
Total 918
"McKinley, to gain a majority, must
carry seventy-six of the contested seats, or
all but six. As four-fifths of these contests
are made upon McKinley bolts from the
majority action of regular State and dis
trict conventions, he cannot possibly find
in these contests enough delegates to give
him a majority, nor does he stand any fair
chance to gain them elsewhere.
"A clear and strong majority of the
delegates are not and will not be for Mc-
Kinley, and will finally agree on a can
didate safe for the party and sound on all
vital issues and nominate him. The effer
vescing talk of an acclamation nomina
tion expired last week. That could not
have happened in any event, for there are
274 deelgates instructed to support can
didates other than McKinley, and all
these instructed delegates will gladly fnl
fill their instructions at rollcall at St.
Louis. That enthusiastic McKinley talk
about acclamation was put forth on the
absurd idea that the supporters of all other
candidates than McKinley had not acted
from conviction and a sense of party in
terest from the start. Otherwise it was
based on the vulgar band-wagon theory,
which for three months has been the con
spicuous motive and the only actual hope
of the McKinley boom.
"In common with all the lowa delegates
I am instructed by the unanimous actions
of the Republicans of my State for Allison,
and in Joyatyand honor as well as from
personal choice I shall vote for Allison at
St. Louis. The McKinley boomers who
say they desire and expect nearly three
hundred instructed delegates to dishonor
their instructions at St. Louis or who are
threatening to banish them under a possi
ble McKinley administration for honor
able fulfilment of their instructions from
'heir States in the National Convention
simply betray their own lack of a high
sense of honor. Further than this none
of the Allison, Morton, Quay, Reed, Brad
ley, or Cullom instructed delegates has
either desire, motive, or excuse to break
his instructions. For all these candidates
have passed through the contest unscathed,
are sound and outspoken on all the vital
issues of the day, have no weak spots in
their records to conceal and no lack of
courage to face squarely all the issues now
uppermost in the public mind and vital to
the public welfare. If there are any in
structed delegates wavering it is on the
McKinley side or among delegates who
are now finding that they cannot represent
the views of the Republicans of their own
States and the interests of the country and
vote for McKinley without knowing where
he stands on the supreme issue — the
money question.
"There will be 918 votes in the conven
tion at St. Louis for protection. As to a
majority on the currency question, it is
not so clear; and this will be the supreme
test for the nomination. In view of this
fact, it is a low estimate to say that at
least a hundred of the delegates now for
McKinley (and half of them perhaps in
structed for him) are now halting between
duty to early instructions for him and
duty to their own convictions and to the
party interest and the public credit. Per
haps I should say that there are two sets
of delegates wavering as to McKinley on
this question. For, while there are a Hun
dred gold-standard delegates undecided
to-day because of his indecision on this
question, there are perhaps nearly or quite
as many other silver or bimetallic dele
gates who are beginning to waver for the
same reason. It has been easy enough to
make pledges to delegates as to silver in
the far West and pledges as to gold to del
ecatea in the East; but when the McKin
ley managers meet the silver and gold del
gates together at St. Louis the conflicting
pledges will bs exposed and one set of del
egates or the other will be lost."
"Does the gold-standard question not
most largely affect the delegates from the
Eastern States who are already for other
candidates than McKinley?"
"No, for the whole country east of the
Missouri River is as stanch on this ques
tion of safe currency and the preservation
of the public credit and the prosperity of
the business interests of the country as
are New England, New York and Penn
sylvania. The States of Illinois and Wis
consin, whose delegates are largely in
structed for McKinley, are as sound and
as firm on this great question as New
York and Massachusetts, and their dele
gates, when it comes to the test, will not
vote for a candidate doubtful in record or
purpose on this question. The silver
country is beyond the Missouri River.
Thirty-one of the States, including all the
larger ones except Ohio and Michigan,
have declared unequivocally for sound
money and practically the gold standard.
There will be from 550 to 600 votes stand
ing for this sort of a platform at St. Louis,
and the candidate chosen by this sound
money majority will inevitably be beyond
question a sound-money man. The States
of the Mississippi Valley are as sound on
this question as the States of New Eng
land, and their votes at St. Louis will be
cast in the end for a platform and a candi
date beyond all question preservative of
sound money and the public credit."
"Then you believe that some other can
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
didatethan McKinley will be nominated?"
"I certainly do. A majority of the dele
gates in the convention will be for some
other cendidate. It is not a question of a
majority. The only question will be on
concentrating on some one for nomination.
The convention will find the way to do
this. Whenever a Republican National
Convention has been confronted with any
peril to the party or to the Nation it has
always met the situation and found the
man to lead the party to victory and the
country to safety. The convention at St.
Louis is going to be very deliberate and
serious. All the talk forced in the public
press now by the enthusiastic McKinley
people in abuse of so-called bosses is idle.
To the convention all the cry about Qua}-,
Platt and Manley as bosses on one hand,
and Hanna, Filley, Clayton, Buck, Kohl
saat, Magee and other bosses on the other
will amount to nothing. The interest oi
the party and the interest of the country
alone will govern the contest there and
decide the result. Nearly all the greater
elements of power in this country will bo
against the nomination of McKinley at St.
Louis. The business men and financial
circles of .the country will have far
more power there than any mere con
test between politicians or rival bosses.
The judgment of a great majority
of the most experienced and deliberate
men in the Republican party is against
his nomination, it would be against the
judgment of an overwhelming majority of
the Republican members and Senators in
Congress. Extremes in trusted party lead
ers concur against the advisability of such
a nomination for the party or country.
Such an eminent counselor as ex-Presi
dent Harrison is and has been from the
first as decidedly against it as ex-Senator
Platt. It is not, cor has it been, a ques
tion of personal hostility in any cense to
Major McKinley, for he has no personal
enemies in the Republican party. It is a
question of deliberate judgment as to the
best thing for the party and the wisest
thing for the country. No man's ambi
tion and no syndicated boom is going to
be placed above the party interest and the
National welfare at St. Louis. It is going
to be a deliberate choice and the conven
tion is not going to be stampeded."
"Of course you know that the McKinley
people claim a strong majority already
and are saying that the popular will dare
not be frustrated."
"There are many answers to these state
ments. First, McKinley has not a ma
jority. Second, even when Seward in 1860
had an actual majority before the conven
tion, and Blame had an actual majority in
1876, and Grant had in 1880, the deliberate
second thought of the National conven
tions chose other candidates and saved the
party wisely enough from the perils of
factional nominations. There will be, too,
in this convention at St. Louis more down
right unyielding opposition to McKinley's
nomination, and for good reasons, than
there was against any of the aspirants in
cases I have mentioned. All the ameni
ties of politics have been violated in the
management of the McKinley campaign,
and the manner in which States like
Minnesota, Illinois, Nebraska, Pennsyl
vania, New York and Kentucky have been
invaded, and campaigns made by all sorts
of means against reputable candidates
living in the States has left deep wounds
which the party may well hesitate to
• ignore or approve. Take as an instance
the case of Kentucky, where under the
gallant leadership of Governor Bradley
last year, who first of all recent leaders
pioneered the way in a conspicuous return
to a gold standard, the State was carried
for the Republican party. Bradley car
ried the State for Republicanism the first
time in its history. The McKinley people
invaded it, promoted factional quarrels,
rode down State pride and interest,
and left divisions and dissensions
which greatly mar if they do not
totally defeat the prospects of con
tinuing Republican rule in the common
wealth. The assumption that McKinley
alone was safe for protection and the re
flection this assumption cast on scores of
party leaders as faithful and as able and of
longer service in defense of the American
policy than he has also created a bitter
ness in the party with which no National
ticket should be handicapped in the cam
paign before the people. No one man is
necessary and no one man is so dangerous
as a canaiJate as one who is arrogantly
supported by a strong majority of the
party on the threat of the punishment of
the minority."
"Then the fight by the field for St. Louis
is yet going on?"
"Yes, and the field has a majority, has a
strong chance to win, and proposes to win.
It is a mistake to think that a majority of
the delegates to St. Louis are anxious to
get on any man's band wacon. Instead,
they are going to stand for a safe nomi
nation for the party and the country, and
are fully ready to take all the responsi
bility and to take their chances with the
party afterward. Fortunately, all the
men and leaders whose judgment is
against the advisability and safety of
McKinley's nomination are loyal party
men, who will always bow to the will of
the majority and do as much or more for
the election of the ticket if they are de
feated than the men who may defeat
them. But they are not defeated yet, and,
instead, are going to win."
In this connection it is said that tele
grams are in the possession of the anti-
McKinley men, which indicate that the
Ohio candidate made some pledges to the
California Republicans in favor of silver,
which will prove disastrous when made
public to his chances for nomination.
QUAY VISITS McKINLEY
Of Count, the Call Was One of Friend
ship Only.
CANTON, Ohio, May 22.— Senator Quay
arrived in this city this morning and was
met at the depot by Major McKinley. The
gentlemen were at once driven to the
McKinley residence. Quay and McKinley
were in close conference from the time the
Senator arrived until the hour of de
parture — something more than two hours.
To representatives of the press word was
passed that they were busy and could not
see any one and that the call was one of
friendship only.
The ex-Gdvernor left this evening for
Cleveland. Among the callers on Mc-
Kinley to-day were Hon. E. S. Conway of
Chicago and George Alfred Townsend.
BEAVER, Pa., May 22.— Senator Quay
was seen at his home this evening shortly
after his arrival from Canton, and was
asked to say a few words about his visit,
but no amount of persuasion could induce
him to discuss it.
OBJECTS TO CLEVELAND.
Daniel the First Democrat of Rote to Op
pose a Third Term.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.—Sena
tor Daniel of Virginia naa stated to a
friend that if Mr. Cleveland is renominated
he will not aupport him. The declaration
was unequivocal. The subject and discus
sion was the third term.
No other Democratic leader has so dis
tinctly challenged the proposition to vio
late an unwritten law in Mr. Cleveland's
behal f.
In all the talk about bolts and splits at
Chicago the financial question is upper
most. A number of Democrats have pre
dicted heavy losses to the party if silver
should control the convention, and as
many more have predicted such a result if
gold should control. There have been
leaders to say, too, that Mr. Cleveland, if
nominated at Chicaco, would be over
whelmingly defeated. But Mr. Daniel is
the first Democrat of National reputation
and influence to make the third-term prop
osition stand on its own bottom and to an
nounce his unalterable opposition to it.
Those who insist that Mr. Cleveland
does not desire a third term excuse his
silence on the score that he has not as yet
had a suitable opportunity to speak. Will
the Virginia State Convention, which is
soon to meet, give him this opportunity?
Some pf the politicians hope to see a reso
lution passed calling attention to the im
portance of preserving so momentous a
precedent and then see a rousing majority
obtained for it. Then Mr. Cleveland could
reply, by letter or authorized statement,
and the public would no longer be in any
doubt on the pointy
ON THE CURRENCY QUESTION.
MeKinlev Renew* Sis Declaration,
Against Silver.
BOSTON, Mass., May 22. — To-night's
Boston Record says that a communica
tion was received to-day by an intimate
Boston friend of Major McKinley in reply
to a letter regarding the latter's position
on the currency question. The letter re
ceived, the paper says, was addressed in
Major McKinley's handwriting and dated
from Canton, Ohio. It contained a num
ber of newspaper clippings of McKinley'a
remarks, including the following from a
Chicago paper: "If the Republican plat
form declares for free coinage of silver I
will not be a candidate. I would not run
on a free silver platform."
This declaration was made at Thomas
yille, Ga., a year ago.
WON BY THE BRITANNIA
Finishes First in the Race for
the Large Raters at
Gravesend.
Good Sport Witnessed in the Opening
Events of the Royal Thames
Yacht Ciub.
LONDON, Eng., May 22.— The match
races of the Royal Thames Yacht Club be
gan at Gravesend to-day over the same
course as that sailed yesterday, from the
lower Hope, around the Mouse Light
ship and return to Gravesend, fifty miles,
the second-class yachts cutting off five
miles by rounding the west Oaze buoy in
stead of Mouse lightship.
There was a moderate southwest breeze,
but the sky was dull. The Britannia, Sa
tanita and Ailsa had their sheets flowing
in going to the Mouse light-ship.
The starters in the small rater class were
the Niagara, the Saint and the Penitent.
The race for the large raters was won by
the Britannia with the Satanita in second
place and the Ailsa third.
The race for <=mall raters was won by
Howard Gould's Niagara. The Penitent
was second and the Saint third. The Peni
tent would have won had she not been
fouied by the Saint near the finish.
The Britannia spcured an eariy advan
tage, which she increased in reaching to
South End, when with a rising breeze the
Satanita approached her so that she was
only sixteen seconds astern of the Britan
nia upon rounding the Mouse lightship,
the Ailsa at this time being well beaten.
Coming home the boats had to turn- up
full length to the sea in order to reach and
the breeze was gradually dying out.
The Britannia, nevertheless, sailed in
fine style, winning by one minute and
twenty-eight seconds. The Ailsa was one
minute and forty seconds astern of the
Satanita.
When the breeze had died out so that
it became mere puffs the Penitent and
Saint were sailing better than the Niagara
in the small-rater race.
Daley Defeats Valentine.
LONDON, Eng., May 22.— At Kensing
ton to-night Pat Daley defeated Valentine
in twelve rounds. The fight was for £75.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Only Two favoritea Win on a Sloppy
Track at St. Lou i it.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 22.-A sloppy
track cut the winning favorites down to
two. The Owners' handicap, fourth on
the card, was declared off, as the owners
did not care to risk their good ones in the
mud. and a purse race was substituted.
Attendance 2500.
Five and a half furlongs, Petrarch won, Ro
many second, Maid of Honor third. Time,
1:15.
One mile, Sunburst won, .lack Martin second,
Battledore third. Time, 1:51.
Four furlongs, Russell A won, Typhoon sec
ond, Galante third. Time. :5M \.
Six furlongN. Ashland won, Helena Belle
second, Astolfi.ua, tliird. Time, 1:'^1' 4 .
Seven furlones, Pinkey Potter won, Theresia
second, Bravo third. Time, 1:3»;>...
CHICAGO, 111., May 22.— Four favorites
an-i two second cuoices won the events at
Lakeside to-day. The last race brought out
the hottest finish of the day in wliich Hills
boro, Fred X and Glenoid finished heads
apart as named.
Five furlongs, Integrity won. Miss Starr sec
ond, Beeryl Starr thinl. Time, 1 :07:
Five furlongs, Joe Maucini won. Tamerlane
second, LoretU third. Time, I :ot>%.
Six furlongs, May Ashley won. Ferryman II
second, Sunny third. Time 1 :1»%.
One mile, Dick Be nan won. Cons tan t second
Dr. J'arke third. Time, 1:49^.
Six furlongs, Rubberneck w.n, Mamie Glsec
on<l, Kxcuse third. 'Him-. I :l9}£
Five furlongs, Hillsboro won, Jbred X second
Glenoid third. Time, 1 :00.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, May 22.
To-day's card was a very poor one.
Four furlongs, Imp won, Dulcino second,
Sc-arfpin third. Time, :30?£.
Six furlongs, selling:, Strnthreel won. Fred
Barr second, Twinkle itiird. Time, 1:17 U.
Four furlongs, Mazeppa won, Belle Bramble
second, Lady Keitu third. Time, :51%.
Seven furlongs, The Winner won, Meritan
second, Sallie Clicquot third. Time, I :3l}i.
One mile, selling, Islin won, Aimce Uou'awln
second, Key del Mar third. Time, 1:45.
CROWN POINT, Ind.. May 22.— Judge
Gillette in the Lake County Circuit Court
i his morning overruled the motion of the
State of Indiana praying for a temporary
restraining order enjoining continuous
racing in .Lake County. The Judge held
that Roby, iiheilield and Forsyth tracks
were inter-dopentlent and had no common
pecuniary interest. Attorney - General
Ketcham will appeal the case" to the Su
preme Court
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Unu-lry Meet* Hin Fifth Straight Defeat
at Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 22. — To-day's
game was Hawley's fifth straight defeat
and enabled Philadelphia to break a long
losing streak. Attendance, 2200. Score:
i'ittsburgs 500100000— 8 10 1
Pniladelphias 2000 00 2 0 6-10 10 5
Batteries— Ha-.\ ley and Merrltt, Taylor and
Clements. V mpire — r-:in.ilie.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 22— "Dad"
Clarke stopped the Reds' winning streak
this afternoon, the locals only securing five
hits. Not a run was scored alter the sec
ond inning. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Cincinnati*. 100000000-1 *, a.
New Yorks. 130000000-4 10 *
Batteries— Fisner and Peitz, Clarke and Wilson"
Umpire— Keefe.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 22.-b y good team
work and timely batting the Browns beat
the Brooklyns to-day. Daub relieved Gum-
Bert in the sixth inning and Payne batted
for Daub in the ninth. Attendance, 800.
bcore:
St. I.ouis 00 00 200 20—4 11 2
Brooklyns 100100001—3 9 4
Batteries— Hart and McFarland, Oumbert acd
Grim. Umpire— Lynch.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 22.— McGarr'a
fumble of Duffy's short hit in the first inn
ing was responsible for the winning lead
secured by Boston in to-day's game. At
tendance, 1500. Score:
Cleveland*, S0 0 10SO 10— 8 11 1
Bostons 60^0 10 200—10 14 0
Batteries— Wilson and O'Connor, Mains and Ber
gen. Umpire— Weidman.;
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. May 22.— Louisville
won another exciting game from Balti
more to-day by hittint? Hoffer at the right
time. Hill was struck on the ankle and
disabled by Hoffer's liner in the eighth,
the ball bounding to right field fence. At
tendance. 2000. Score:
Louisvilles 00020 100 3-6 10 S
Bftltimores. 0100 00 1 1 '2—5 6 i
Batteries— Hill, smith and Miller; Holler and
Robinson. Umpire— Hurst.
GARNIER BEATS SCHAFFER
-Vote Has First riaee in the Billiard
Tournament.
CHICAGO, III., May 22.— First place in
the billiard tournament was won to-night
by Albert Gamier defeating Schaefer with
the odds given the Belgian 100 points ex
actly. Gamier has beaten Ives twice and
Schaefer once, while the Americans have
each won one. The game between them
to-morrow night will decide who will eet
second money.
To-night's contest was remarkable for
the high run of the tournament — 111 —
which Schaefer made in the twenty-first
inning. This performance brought the
players to even terms, but Scbaefer, who
had previously complained of being "out
of shape," went to pieces, while Gamier
pegged away laboriously and won. Score:
Gamier— Total 300, high run 38. average
10 10-29. Schaeffer— Total 400, high run
111, average 18 23-29. _
Artr York Yacht Club.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 22.— A third
general meeting of the New York Yacht
Club was held last evening. A letter from
H. Maitland Kersey of Lord Dunraven
notoriety was read, in which that gentle
man tendered his resignation as a member
of the club. The resignation was unanim
ously accepted.
A letter from Rear- Admiral Erben offer
ine to present tiie club with the model of
the frigate Potomac was read, and the sec
retary was instructed to write to the ad
miral that the members would gladly ac
cept the gift.
CLOSURE IN THE COMMONS.
How Balfour Kept the House in Session
Until the Agricultural Bill Was
Disposed Of.
LONDON. Exo., May 22.— The House
of Commons, after being in continuous
session since 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon, adjourned at 1:30 this afternoon.
Early in the day Mr. Balfour, the Govern
ment leader, refused to adjourn until the
agricultural rating bill had passed the
committee stage. The Radicals moved a
great many amendments to the bill, and
these, after discussion, were brought to a
vote by closure, with the result of their
rejection by an approximate vote of 192
to 04.
The clauses under consideration were
then adopted in their entirety by the same
majority.
Sir William Harcourt, leader of the op
position, at 7 o'clock this morning pro
tested against Mr. Balfour's high-handed
use of closure, which, he said, had been a
sinister feature of the conduct of busi
ness in the House since the opening of
the session. This declaration was received
with cheers by the opposition, and caused
a great uproar among the ministerial
members.
Henry Broadhurst, liberal, at 9 o'clock
this morning asked that the House ad
adjourn for two hours in order to enable
members to get breakfast, the larder of the
House of Commons kitchen having be
come exhausted, but Mr. Balfour refused
t i airree to this.
The attendance of members increased
during the forenoon. The amendment to
clause 7 was rejected by a vote of 208
to 77, and clauses 7 and 8 were adopted at
1 o'clock.
The House adjourned at 1:30 p. m. Dur
ing the sitting thirty-three division were
tak"en. When the agricultural rating bill
passed the committee the cheering was
long and loud. The adjournment was
taken until June 8.
CUBAN REBELS DISLODGED.
But the Insurgents Under Gomez Advance
Upon the Trocha and Get Nearer
to Havana.
HAVANA, Ccba, May 22.— Colonel Del
gado reports that his command has had an
engagement with 1000 rebels, under Aleman
and other leaders, near Cruces, in Cien
fuegos district. According to the official
report the rebels were dislodged from
strong positions and compelled to flee in
disorder, leaving twenty-two dead on the
field. The troops lost eighteen men
wounded.
It is said the forces of General Gomez
continue to invade the province of Matan
zas and are approaching the province of
Havana. Three trains were sent to Arte
misia to bring troops from the Trocha;
but they were unable to reach that place,
the rebels having destroyed the track s.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. May 22.— The
steamer Laurada entered the bar yester
day and was met at quarantine by J. A.
Huau, agents of the Cuban Junta, and a
number of friends of Cuba.
The Laurada's captain reported that he
had landed safely on Cuban soil nine
tenths of the munitions. When about to
land the last loads smoke was seen on the
hurizen and fearing it to be from the funnels
of a Spanish man-of-war the steamer Dulled
up anchor and started northward. After
communicating this information the Lau
rada headed seaward, ostensibly for New
York. The Three Friends cleared from
this port to-day with arms and ammunition
consigned to Key West.
FUNERAL OF AN ARCHDUKE.
Carl Ludxcig'a Remain* Placed at Sett
With Simple Ceremonies.
VIENNA. Austria, May 22. — The
funeral of Archduke * Carl Ludwig,
brother of Emperor Francis Joseph, who
died on May 19, took place to-day. The
services were simple and without pomp.
The remains were deposited in the impe
rial vault in the Capuchin church. Tha
Emperor and the other members of the
imperial family, with the exception of
Archduke Fraqz, whom the doctors for
bid to attend, were present, as were also a
number of foreign princes, diplomats and
ministers. A large crowd attended the
services.
In Danger of a Flood.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 22.— The Missis
sippi River is now within three feet of the
danger line in front of this city. The
gauge to-day registered twenty-seven feet,
a ri>c of two feet in the last twenty-four
hours. Property-owners and storekeepers
are moving their effects to the upper
floors. Advices received from Upper Mis
souri, Illinois and lowa points state that
ali the rivers in those sections are on the
rampage and pouring in immense volumes
of water into the Mississippi.
FPLSOM GUARDS
SHOOT AN ESCAPE
Convict Geiger Makes a
Desperate Dash for
Liberty.
PLUNGES INTO A RIVER.
Struck by Two Bullets While
Swimming Across the
Stream.
SURRENDERS WHEN WOUNDED.
His Right Shoulder-Blade Shattered
by a Rifle-Ball— Was Classed
as a "Trusty."
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 22.— Ernest
Geiger, a Napa County burglar, sentenced
in January to twenty years' imprisonment,
made a desperate attempt to escape from
Foisom prison this morning. He is now
lying in the prison hospital, suffering from
two bullet wounds in the right shoulder.
Geiger belonged to a gang working on
the rock-crushing plant. The plant is
situated on the bank of the American river,
several hundred yards from the prison. A
spur of the railroad which runs from
Foisom to the prison is laid along the river,
and at the point where the convicts were
at work it runs between the rock-crushiug
plant and the stream.
Geiger and the other convicts were on
the side of the track next to the river
when a train pulled in between them and
the guards, who were on the bank above.
Seeing his opportunity, Geiger sprang
down the bank and jumping into the river
struck out downstream.
Unfortunately for him one of the guards,
named Nickerson, caught sight of him.
Springing up the side of the quarry, so as
to get clear of the train, Nickerson opened
fire. Another guard, Hayadorn, joined
him, and the two began pumping lead
after the struggling form in the water.
The river at this point is very swift, but
Geiger was a good swimmer. He suc
ceeded in getting nearly 200 yards away
before he was struck by a bullet. The
guards ceased firing when they saw they
had bit him and awaited developments.
Geiger turned half over on his side and
held up one hand as a token of surrender.
He then turned and swam slowly until
he reached the bank, where he was met by
Captain Murphy and Guard Ellis. He
was so completely exhausted that he
could not stand and had to be carried to
the hospital, where it was fouml that one
of the bullets which had stopped him had
shattered his right shoulder-blade, the
other making a slight flesh wound in the
shoulder.
At the first sound of the firing the Gat
ling gun at the top of the cliff was brought
to bear on the rest of the convicts in the
quarry, but they made no attempt to es
cape.
Ernest Geiger has not been known hith
erto as a particularly desperate convict.
On the contrary he has been an exemplary
prisoner and all the privileges possible
have been allowed him under the rules of
the prison. To-day, for the first time, he
was put at work in the quarry.
EX-MAYOR GREGORY'S HEARING.
Attorneys Spend a Day in Arguments on
a Motion to Dismiss the
Suit.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 22. — The
motion to dismiss the suit brought by
Mrs. Bruce B. Lee against ex-Mayor
Gregory, whom she accuses of obtaining
$9000 from her under false pretenses, was
argued pro and con all day. Attorney
Bruner in support of the motion Insisted
that the proof of the firm's insolvency, of
Gregory's knowledge and of Mrs. Lee's ig
norance of the firm's standing, was neces
sary, and he claimed that none of these
allegations had been supported.
As for the testimony adduced from the
books of the firm, Bruner claimed that
only a portion of the books had been ex
amined, and that nothing relative to the
firm's standing in 1894 had been brought
ont. Bruner concluded the remarks with
the words:
"This woman wants her money, and is
trying to force it out of the family of the
defendant. Necessarily this case is of a
civil nature. Criminal procedure should
not be used for civil purposes. Ii she were
given her money she would immediately
cease her prosecution of this case."
District Att orney Jones here inter
rupted, saying, "Oh, come now, do you
want me to give you another roasting?"
Bruner retorted that if roasting were in
order he would do his part.
Jones argued that the defendant need
NEW TO-DAY.
The Woman's
0 Bicycle...
In strength, lightness, grace, and
elegance of finish and equip-
ment' Model 41 Columbia is un-
approached by any other make.
COLUMBIA
saddles are recommended by riders and
physicians as proper in shape and adjust-
ment, and every
Vj p /^^M|B|^^^P^Mk aloguc, handsomest
POPE imVACTJInfi COMPACT,
344- POST . STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
1970 PAGE ST., NEAR • STAN VAN.
not have made false pretenses in so many
words; his actions tended to prove falso
pretenses as clearly as words could. Sev
eral decisions of the Supreme Court rela
tive to the crime of obtaining goods under
false pretenses were cited.
At 5 o'clock, when Jones closed his
argument, Bruner stated that if he was
allowed fifteen minutes he could finish.
Judge Henry stated he was very tired and
wished to hear a full argument. The case
was then continued until to-morrow.
LOOTING A CORNERSTONE
Two Men Captured While Searehitig for
Church Faluablc*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 22.— George
Stack, who conducts a plumbing establish
ment, discovered two men making an
attempt, as he supposed, to effect an en
trance to the German church on Tenth
street at 2 o'clock this morning.
He summoned officers, who hurried to
the church, where they captured the
burglars. The two men had effected an
entrance to the recess in the corner
stone of the church, from which they had
extracted the t'n box containing the docu
ments placed there when the cornerstone
was laid in 1882. One of the men had been
a brickmason employed in the contraction
of the edifice and probably believed tnat
the box contained valuables.
NEW TO-PAT.
ALL
CLOTHIERS
KNOW
STEIN-
BLOCH
CLOTHES.
There's
None
B~"^l A A ■'■--.V^.
Better.
Our Popular Prices for
Stein-Bloch High-class
Clothes puts shoddy
stuffs to sleep.
YOU'LL SURELY
COME TO-DAY!
"THEHUB"
Kearny and Sutter.
yHSKEUNG
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
i J- your eyes and tit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of bit own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My aua-
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4ml ■
m£W $ PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPECTALTY-DISKASES OP MEN, INCLT7D-
*-> I ng all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
msps of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience.
Book sent free. Patients cored at Horn*. Term*
reasonable. Office Hour*. 9to 3 daily; fl:30 to 8-30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation ireeand
sacredly confidential. Call or address " ""•""»
. r. BUSC'OK MeSDLTT, St . D.,
»6V Kearny Street, Han Francisco, Cal.
PCklehestor'* En«ll.h Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
~6»""~V Original »nd Only Genuine A
fd/rr^S. •«re, alwtjs reliable, ladies uk /TV
■CiILJ J»l. Drugglrt fcr a»i<-»«M«f» Xnglu* Dta-jKn\
tf r< mF*V/VSinond Brand in lied v i Gold at l*i;is\luS?
jj^ —OK 1 " 1 * 11 • wiled with blur ribbon. Tat « \s7 I
l?l Vv-Ino other. dangtrtut tuhttilt. ▼ I
. I / ~ AftimLumdiniiaiitmt. At DragcUta, or lead 4«.
I W Jjr la «t»mp» for particular!, IritiiacaUla asd
\ "©• & " Relief for Ladle*," in lettt*. by return
-\ If MulL i«, 000 Te.tinionUls. Same Paper.
. r<l>irlie»t>'r Chemical Co., MadUnn
tT UI Uk<»l Drnr, K iit«. ■ Phllad^-, Pa.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIP*, ATTOBXEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Marfcet St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Beaidence 16^J
iL-iliU Telephone; "Pin«". 2591.
/ffiiDEWEY&CO,^
v cTPatents^ 3
MARKET &T.S.F^£S^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA>A BITTKKS. Ti£i*
kj great Mexican : Semedy: givt* JU«*Ua »a 4
KU«Bgtli to la* b«xtuU Organ*
34
ASTORIA MEN
UNDER ARREST
Eleven Leading Citizens
Accused of Landing
Chinese.
ESCORTED TO PORTLAND
Large Crowds Bid the Prisoners
Adieu With Cheers and
Groans.
CITY OFFICIALS IN THE PAETY.
Several Capitalists and Social Lions
Are Numbered Among the
Accused.
A6TORIA, Or., May 22.— United States
Marshal Grady to-day arrested eleven
men, indicted by the United States Grand
Jury, now sitting in Portland, for alleged
smuggling of Chinese into this city.
The list comprised some prominent citi
zens, starting with Dr. Alfred Kinney, I
whose term as Mayor expired recently,
and who was defeated by a few votes for *
re-election on the citizens' ticket; W. W.
Parker, president of the Water Commission
and one of the most sedate, wealthy and
philanthropic men of thecity ; J.W.Welch, j
a member of the pioneer family of that !
name; Hope Ferguson, the leader of the j
young business men of the city; N. Cliv- j
ton, the largest contractor here and a sue- i
cessful bidder on all street improvements j
now in progress, representing an outlay of i
over $100,000; Charles Stockton, whose \
social connections would make him prom- i
inent even if his identification with social •
orders did not make him well known on \
the coast. The others— Charles A. May,
R. J. Humphreys, Terry E. Coe, \Y. B.
Ross and William Chadwick — are equally j
as well known.
Marshal Grady did not put them under j
arrest, except to the extent that he told |
them that they were expected to appear at i
the steamer landing this evening to ac
company him to Portland to plead before
United States District Judge Bellinger to
morrow.
Without exaggeration, Astoria forgot
everything except the departure of this
aggregation, of officials and prominent
citizens. It was announced that they
would leave by a certain steamship, and a
large crowd was on the wharf to bid them
farewell.
Marshal Grady took his pusoners to an
other steamship, but there tbe crowd was
equally as great, and cheers and groans
followed the vessel on its departure.
During the past few months several j
hundred Chinamen landed here off the
Rteam-schooner Signal, plying regularly be
tween here and Victoria. It has landed
at least 300 "merchants" in that time, un
til the local Chinese firms average eighty
members.
Bondsmen are awaiting the arrival of J
the men in Portland. One hundred and ;
seventy citizens of Astoria are still under
examination by the Grand Jury. Marshal |
Grady stated before leaving that he ex- i
pected to arrive in a few days for a bigger
haul.
FIRE IN ITS BUNKERS
A Steamer Arrives at Astoria With a
Cargo of Burning Coal.
ASTORIA, Or., May 22.— The Oregon
Railway and Navigation steamer Altmore
arrived from Hongkong this morning via
Victoria. Its coal bunkers were ablaze,
but nothing was known of it here until
after the start up tne river. Water was
being poured into the bunkers, but a vent
left open to allow steam to escape may re
sult in a gas explosion. The steamer is
due in Portland to-morrow morning unless
an accident occurs.
NEW SECT AT SPOKANE.
Rev. David Mclnturff Founds
the People's United
Church.
Deposed by the Cleveland Conference,
He Launches a Doctrine of
His Own.
SPOKANE, Wabh., May 22.— David N.
Mclnturff, just relieved of his position as
pastor of the First Methodist Church by
the Cleveland conference, announces to
the public to-day that he has founded U
new church that will take the name of the
"People'B United," and whose work will
at once extend to all parts of the earth
until he, its founder, shall, like Alexander,
weep because there are no more worlds to
conquer. The doctrine of the new church
is a combination of Methodism, Congrega
tionalism, Communism, Mormomsm and
a half dozen other ism.-.
Dr. Mclnturff has been with the Meth
odist church for twenty years, having at
one time been a missionary to Japan. He
came here two years ago, and by his won
derful aggressiveness at once built a new
cuurch costing $15,000, although half t c
people whom he induced to contribute did
not have enough to eat. He soon caused a
split in the church, fully 150 leaving and
forming the Second Methodist Church.
Trouble after trouble followed, until at
last he was peremptorily removed by the
Cleveland conference.
Fifty or more persons called at Rev. Mr.
Mclnturff' s home late last night, and
when they left the People's United Church
had come into existence.
CoultrrviUe Citirens XaU a Canard.
COULTERVILLE, Cal., May 22.—In
dignation has been aroused to a high
pitch here by the publication in a San
Francisco paper of a malicious dispatch
treating of a brutal crime alleged to have
been committed by Cornishmen at a re
cent Mayday picnic near this city. The
fentlemaa and his wife mentioned in the
is patch deny all knowledge of the state
ment it contained. Those at whom the
accusations were directed are respect
able citizens, and their reported vic
tims d«nounce the canard. The state
ment that the Merced Gold Mining Com
pany employs none but Cornishmen is
untrue. The story of a threatened riot
because of the imaginary Mayday episode
is denounced as ridiculous.
Jirjoicing «' Oroville.
OROVILLE, Cal., May 22.— There was
great rejoicing her© to-night over the elec
tion of Colonel Frank McLauehlin as
chairman of the Republican State Execu
tive Committee. Bells were rune, cannon
fired a nd fireworks touched off.
SAX JOAQUIN WATER RATES.
Farmers Protest Against Exorbitant
Cost of Irrigation.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 22.— The cham
bers of the San Joaquin County Board of
Supervisors were crowded to-day with
farmers from the vicinity of Woodbridge
and their attorneys and the representa
tives of the Woodbridge Canal and Irriga
tion Company.
The farmers some time ago petitioned
the Supervisors to fix the rates on water
for irrigation purposes, and to-day their
Bide of the story was heard.
Civil engineers were present and testi
fied to the amount of work done by the
projectors of the system, and later by the
receiver. With these figures it was esti
mated that the cost was not anything like
what was claimed by the irrigation com
pany.
The cost was shown to be not over $87,
-000. At this valuation the board, under
the law, could not fix tbe rate at less than
12 cents a year per acre, nor more than 36
cents, without the consent of the farmers,
as they could not give the company more
than 18 nor less than 6 per cent on its in
vestment.
The farmers are willing to pay as high
as 85 cents per acre, but not any such rates
as are being asked by the irrigation com
pany.
The matter went over until the next
meeting.
FIRE AT SANTA CRUZ.
Groceries and Liquors in a General
Store Destroyed.
SANTA CRUZ, May 23.— Fire broke out
to-night in the general store of A. Burn
heim & Co., causing the destruction of a
stock of liquors and groceries.
A theater party returning home shortly
after midnight saw smoke pouring from
the rear windows. When the Fire De
partment arrived the iron shutters over
the windows opening from the rear of the
store were red-hot. The flames were con
fined to'the back rooms, containing the
liquor and grocery departments, and the
basement, stored with wines.
The building is partitioned by fire-proof
walls, which enabled the firemen to pre
vent a spread of the conflagntion. Tne
clothing and dry-goods departments were,
however, considerably damaged by smoke
and water.
It is not known how the blaze origi
nated, but it is presumed that a gas jet,
left burning in the basement, communi
cated flames to a wooden pillar. Th«
damage is estimated at from $5000 toslo,
-000, a survey of the basement being im
possible before morning.
LOS ANGELES ROMANCE.
Twin Brothers Meet After
Having Been Parted for
Thirty Years.
Separated at the Close of the War and
Each Believed the Other to
Be Dead.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 22.—Loune
ers in the corridor of the Hollenbeck
witnessed a pathetic meeting this morning
between brothers who had not seen each
other for thirty years. They were Deacon
and Dan Sanford. The brothers grasped
each other in their arms and spectators say
sometking moistened the cheeks of each.
The Sanfords are now 60 years of age.
It was at the close of the Civil War that
Deacon and Dan, twin brothers, left tneir
home in Chicago. One came West; the
other went East. Week?, months and
years passed and they heard nothing of
each other; finally each came to the con
clusion that the other was dead, and would
probably have continued to believe so but
for the meeting to-day.
Deacon Sanford has been in this city
some weeks, and Dan* Sahford has been
running between Los Angeles and Chicago
as a Pullman-car conductor on the Santa
Fe overland for two years. Dan Sanford
went out on this morning's overland
train, and his brother saw him off.
They were the happiest pair seen at La
Grande station in many a day.
Deacon Sanford has been in the hotel
business in different parts of the United
States for years. He is located perma
nently in this city now, having accepted
the position of chef at the Jonathan Club.
*
MADERA`S DILIGENT AGRESSOR.
Corporation* Made to Pay Their Full
Quota of Taxei.
MADERA, Cal., May 22. — Assessor
Hoskins has, by untiring vigilance, suc
ceeded in uncovering another attempt to
conceal the property of tax-paying corpo
rations.
The San Joaquin Electric ' Company,
which furnished the electric power for the
city of Fresno, has a plant situated on the
fc-an Joaquin River, in this county, and
was accordingly requested by Assessor
Hoskins to make a statement of its prop
erty.
This it did, claiming that the value of
the property was $3700, but as there was
an omission in the statement of some prop
erty which the Assessor knew was
on the ground on the first Mon
day in March, he having taken
the precaution to have a deputy
there on that date to take an inventory of
the machinery, Hoskins went to Fresno
and summoned the officers of the com
pany to appear and testify before him.
They at first refused to obey the sum
mons, but on being threatened with an
arbitrary assessment they consented to
answer his questions and admitted that
the value of the property at their plant
was $12,000.
They claimed that, as the title to the
property had not passed to them from the
General Electric Company of San Fran
cisco they should not be compelled to pay
taxes upon it.
Hoskins wrote to the General Electric
Company for a statement.
They sent one, claiming the property to
be worth $31,000; but the Assessor had
procured their catalogue and discount
sheet and fixed the value of tho machinery
at $51,000, upon which the two companies
will be compelled to pay taxes into the
treasury instead of $3700.
FOR SANTA CRUZ'S FETE.
Hundreds of Citiment Will Appear in
Masks on the Last Xight.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 22.— The car
nival trustees to-night accepted a propo
sition from the Merchants' Association to
display a "Boston tea party" in the carni
val.
It wai decided that nothing of a political
or sectarian nature should appear in any
of the displays, but all civic societies in
the city and country are invited to take
part.
The high jinks committee held an en
thusiastic meeting to-night and appointed
sub-committees on band, arrangements,
bail and parade.
It reported that fifty persons had already
signed an agreement to mask on Saturday
night, June l'O, and it hoped to get at least
1000 more Santa Ciuz citizens.
If the visitors will join in large numbers
they expect to have a wild, joyous and
rollicking time on this, the closing night
of the carnival.
Find* a Rig Xugget.
SPOKANE, Wash/, May 22.— The big
gest nugget ever found in the Hoodoo
district was picked up to-day by John
Parker. It yielded % 150 in pure gold.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
COLLEGE MEN
AT CAZADERO
Delegations From Fifteen
Coast Institutions in
Camp.
ON A TEN DAYS' OUTING.
Conference of Undergraduates
Affiliating With the
Y. M. C. A.
TAKE THE TOWN BY STORM.
Their Rah-Rahs Awaken the Echoes
in the Picturesque Sonoma
Resort.
CAZADERO, Cal, May 22.—"Boonia
tock, boomatock, nieka hi yayl Pacific
Coast Colleges, Y. M. C. A. !"
Students from seven colleges in Oregon
and eight colleges in California arrived
here at dusk this evening, and the wooded
canyons resounded with their rythmical
yells as they walked from the little rail
road station along the winding hillside
road to the hotel. They, are to be here for
ten days in what will be the first confer
ence of undergraduates of the many col
leges ever held on the Pacific Coast.
Little was done this evening, but early
to-morrow morning the work will begin in
earnest. After supper there was a short
prayer-meeting, followed by general intro
ductions, and then the gathering broke up
1 into little squads, each headed for the par
ticular cottage assigned to it by C. C.
Michener, who, as the international secre
tary of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation in colleges, is one of the leaders at
this meeting.
Mr. Michener is a young man, a gradu
ate of Perm College with the class of 1890.
He arrived here Wednesday evening ac
companied by S. M. Say ford of Boston,
who has in recent years devoted his entire
time to special work of this order among
American colleges. He is the oldest "boy"
in camp, having ended his college days in
1867, when he took his degree at Gettys
burg College.
Hugh McA. Beaver, Pennsylvania State
College '95, a sou of ex-Governor Beaver,
was another of the earlier arrivals. He
comes to take charge of the Bible daises,
a position for which he has had consider
able experience, as he is college secretary
of the Keystone Stata.
Then there were Bristol from the Uni
versity of California and McGee from the
University of Southern California. They
were all here in advance to get things in
shape, and the ease with which every dele
gate seems to have fallen into the place
assigned him attests the success of the
preparations.
It was a long ride of five hours in the
little narrow-gauge train, but fun-loving
college men just beginning their summer
vacation were not the sort of passengers to
allow time to drag. The sport began be
fore the ferry-boat left the slip at San
Francisco.
Oregon's delegation barked forth an im
promptu yell: "Oregon, Oregon, Oregon,
O! Caesa, Cassa, Cazader-o! Or-e-goni"
And the large crowd from Palo Alto was
quick to follow with their "rahs" and a
"Stanford."
There was a rush of deckhands to the
■cene of the commotion, while one man
hurried from the captain with peremptory
orders to stop that noise. But at Sautsa
lito, when the ferry had landed, that noise
broke out apain with all the force of con
scious freedom, and it continued to break
out during the afternoon as the train
wound tnrough picturesque ravines, along
steep, pine-covered hillside and through a
score of tunnel?.
The train arrived at Alderney station
just In time for the collegians to save the
little waiting shed, which was in flames.
A woman and a pretty girl from the farm
house close by were vainly dashing water
upon it. The boys were out of the cars in
a second, and a line of bucket-passers soon
bad the roof drenched and every spark ex
tinguished. Andas the train puffed away
two pleased and wondering persons heard
a wild medley of college yells and saw
handkerchiefs waved from car windows in
parting salute.
Occasionally the little, wheezing engine
would stop to replenish its supply of fuel,
but only for a moment, for a corps of
volunteers would scramble for the wood
pile and four-foot logs would be hurled
into the tender like so much split kindling.
The collegians, upon arriving here,
eagerly struck out afoot for the hotel, but
on the way were met by C. U Michener,
who, after being greeted with a hearty
cheer, told them briefly that the recent
rain had necessitated a change to the
regular hotel, where there were other guests
and where the possibilities for hilarity
would not be so ereat as at the present
camp quarters.
The Stanford delegation has a large cot
tage all to itself, and already the front
porch is bright with cardinal bunting.
The University of California, Pomona,
Chaffey, California College and the Uni
versity of Soutnern California are installed
in another cottage and over the meeting
hall the Oregon delegation will dream of
camper's life and summer sports.
Mr. Michener to-night led the prayer
service, which began with what is to be
the hymn of the conference:
Stand up. stand up, for Jesus, ye soldiers of tho
cross:
Lift blgii h\fi royal banner— lt must not suffer loss.
Prayers were offered by Arnold of Stan
ford, by Miller of the Pacific University
Oregon, and by Fisher of the University of
Southern California, while Mr. Sayford
said a few wonts of greetine.
Following is a complete list of colleges
and delegates so far represented, with each
man's residence, year of graduation
church affiliation and prospective calling:
University of Oregon, Eugene, Or.— Stuart B
Hantia, 1597, of Eugene, president College As^
sociation, Presbyterian; John Handsacker
190V3, of Eugene, vice-president College As»o.
elation, Christian, ministry.
Portland University, University Park, Or —
B. F. Van Dyke, 183 d, of Medford. Or., leader
College Mißfion Band, Methodist, ministry.
Willamette University, Salem, Or. — Charles
J. Atwood 1897 of Salem, president College
Association, Methodist, law.
Pacitic University, Forest Grove, Or.— John
Millar 1899 of Forest Grove, president College
Association, Congregational, medicine.
McMinnville, Or.— V. E. liowton 1899 of
McMinnville, president College Association
Baptist, ministry. '
Pacific College, Newberg, Or.— Oscar Cox
1898 of Newberc. president College Associa
tion, Friends, V. M. C. A. secretary for Oreeon-
L. Price 1897 of Newberir, chairman college
prayer meeting committee, Friends, public
work.
Oregon Agricultural College, Corvallis, Or.—
E. W. Stimpson 1898 of Newport, Or, presi
dent College Association, Episcopal.
Stanford University, Palo Alto, Cal. W p
Gifford 1897 of Erie. Pa., president College As
sociation, Presbyterian, law; Archibald M.
Strong 1899 of Pasadena, on full campaign
committee, Presbyterian, chemical engineer-
Walter Clark 1899 of Eden Prairie, Tiinn '
cualrman college prayer • meeting commit
tee, Presbyterian, miniitry; Paul A.
Adams 1893 o f Helena, Mont., chair
man college missionary committee, Bap
tist, medicine; David L. Arnold 1895
of Los Angeles, CaL. on fall campaign commit
tee, Christian, teacher; George 11. Roach 1897
of Portland, Or treasurer C liege Association,
Presbyterian, professor; P. V. Giflord 1898 of
Erie, Pa., Presbyterian; K. W. Smith 1899 of
Boston, Mass., on college Bible study commit
tee. Baptist, journalism.
University of California, Berkeley. Cal.—
Fred R. Fairchild 1898 of Grafton, Cal., presi
dent College Association, Methodist, law;
Galen M. Fisher 1896 of Oakland, Cal., chair
man State committee. Congregational, medi
cine; Missionary W. W. Bristol 1893 of Cairo,
111., vice-president College Association and
chairman missionary committee, Congrega
tional, teacher.
University of Southern California, Los An
geles, Cal.— c. M. Christ 1898 of Los Angeles,
president College Association, Methodist, min
istry ; a. \v. coulta 1898 of University, Cal.,
chairman college Bible study committee,
Methodist, ministry; Russell H. Crowell 1901
of San Jacinto, Cal., corresponding secretary
and chairman missionary committe College
Association, Methodist, missionary; R. H.
Haddock 1901 of Santa Fe Springs, Cal.,
Methodist, ministry; C. H. Bott 1899 of Los
Angeles, Methodist, ministry; M. S. McGee
1896 of Santa Paula, Cal., Methodist.
University of the Pacific, Colloge Park, CaL
—Robert J. Craig, 1896, of Berryessa, Cal.,
president College Association, Methodist, min
istry.
Pomona College, Claremont, Cal.— Edwin F.
Ilahn, 1898, of l'asadena, Cal., president Col
lege Association, Congregational, law; C. M.
Colton , 1900, of Boakersnela, on college mis
sionary committee, Congregational, ministry.
Chaffey College, Ontario, Cal.— Ross P. Gar
butt, 1898, of Ontario, president College Asso
ciation, Methodist, medicine.
Occidental College, Los Angeles, Cal. — Roy
W. Day, 1900. of Los Angeles, president Col
lege Association, Presbyterian, medicine; £.
11. Millar, 1898, of Redding, Cal., correspond
ing secretary and chairman Bible study com
mittee, College Association, Presbyterian,
ministry.
California College, East Oakland, Cal.— S. F.
Langford, 1897, of San Francisco, president
College Association, Baptist, ministry; James
11. Brace, 1897. of San Francisco, Baptist, min
istry ; Charles R. Eastman, 1900, of Fruitvale,
Cal., Baptist, ministry.
MISSING FROM PORTLAND
Insurance Agent Patterson's De
parture Mourned by His
Victims.
A Written Declaration That He Would
End His Life Is Not Given
Credence.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 22.— J. D. Patter
eon, agent of the Mutual Reserve Life Fund
Association for this territory, has disap
peared, leaving a letter addressed to a
local undertaker under date of May 20,
stating that he intended to commit suicide
and that his first attempt had failed.
It is not believed that Patterson has
committed suicide. He is believed to have
disappeared for reasons best known to
himself. He was tbe organizer, manager
and collector of an employes' benefit asso
ciation in this city. He collected a large
sum in dues from members. The associa
tion is not incorporated, and the benefit
fund, whicb was believed to have been
deposited in the Merchants' National
Bank, was never deposited and subscrib
ers to the scheme have apparently been
fleeced. It is not known how much Pat
terson collected.
The supposed suicide came to Portland
about a year ago. He formerly lived at
Davenport, lowa, and Ogden, Utah.
Some time ago tne Chief of Police of Dav
enport sent a letter to local officials asking
about Patterson and stating that he had
abandoned his family there and they were
unprovided for. Patterson is a man of
pleasing appearance and manner, clib of
speech and professing profound religious
inclinations. An extract from bis letter
reads:
"I have just awoke from a long sleep. I
took two grains of morphine last night,
hoping to pass away. I have failed in
this, as in everything else I have under
taken. Oh, merciful God of Abraham,
Isaac, Jacob and Jesus of Nazareth, for
give this deed! I shall take two more
grains, then go to the river. If any one
cares enoueh about me, they may find my
body in the river. Ido not do this from
choice, but am forced to it. My dear wife
and little ones are suffering, and through
my fault. God help me! I have no
money. I have not nad anything to eat
for two days. I have eiven up all hope,
and it is fit that I should die. This is
enoueh now. Oh, how my head hurts me.
I can't write any more. Farewell."
PATTERSON`S OGDEN CAREER.
Gambled Heavily and -Forged a Check to
Pay Him I.osiet.
OGDEN, Utah, May 22.— J. D. Patter
son, who is supposed to have committed
suicide in Portland, is well known in
Ogden. He was employed as time clerk
for the Union Pacific Railroad Company
in this city for several years.
He was elected as the railroad candidate
on the city School Board and served two
years. After his discharge from the Union
Pacific he began a life of dissipation and
Rambled heavily. In order to pay his
losses be forged a check for $400. He was
arrested, bat the matter was hashed up by
his friends, who raised the amount.
His friends claimed that Patterson was
under the influence of morphine when
the check was forged. He left Oeden soon
after. He had a wife and family while in
this city. --T-,
WEST POINT'S MURDERERS
Mr: Balladay to Be Tried for Killing
Her Son-in-Law.
SAN ANDREAS, Cal., May 22.—Mrs. C.
E. Hallaaay, has not yet escaped trial for
the murder of her son-in-law, J. F.
Mitchei!, at West Point two weeks ago,
although exonerated by the Coroner's
jury and acquitted at*er preliminary ex
amination.
Because of the ignorance of a Justice of
the Peace her guilt was passed upon by a
jury at this preliminary hearing.
A complaint against Mrs. Halladay was
sworn out yesterday. She was brought to
San Andreas and placed in jail. To-day
she appeared before Justice P. H. Kean,
and upon motion of the District Attorney
her hearing was set for June 3 at West
Point.
She was placed under bonds of $25,000.
Mrs. Halladay started, in charge of an
officer, for West Point this afternoon. She
says she can procure bail.
GRASS FAZZAT`S STRONG MAN.
Mine Foreman Gluynm Stops a Shaft
Cage and Save* Hit Life.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., May 22.—James
Gluyas, underground foreman of the Mas
sachusetts Hill mine, miraculously escaped
death last evening. Gluyas was at the
bottom of a shaft when a cage containing
four men and a set of timbers was lowered
upon him, crushing him to the ground.
lie 13 severely injured about the back
and hips, though no bones are broken
lhat he was not Instantly killed is owing
to the fact that Gluyas is a man of ex
traordinary strength, and he succeeded in
stopping the car, which, with its contents,
weighed over a ton. He will be laid up
for some time. He considers his escape \
nothing short of a miracle.
Genrrnl Coxey At Portland.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 22.— General
Jacob S. Coxey, Populist campaign leader,
addressed a rally of the People's party at
the new Park Tneater to-night. His
speech was devoted to the money question
and the principles of the party platform.
A Itrnth at Port loumsend.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., May 22.—
Warren I.Hastings, youngest son of Loren
B. Hastings, one of the first settlers of this
town in '49, died this morning from pneu
monia.
EXAMINERS MEET
AT SACRAMENTO
Reward Offered for the
Capture of Josef E.
Blanther.
AN ASYLUM DEFICIENCY
The Southern California Institu
tion Reports No Funds
on Hand.
DEPUTY CBHATJGHNESSY'S TIP 3.
Princely Generosity to Sleeping-Car
Porters et Al. Not Approved
by the Board.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 22.— At the
meeting of the State Board of Examiners
to-day Secretary of State Brown called
attention to the fact that section 665 of the
Political Code provided that the meetings
of the board should be held on the first and
third Mondays in the month, and he made
a motion to the effect that in the
future the meetings be held in accord
ance with the statute, and also that the
secretary of the board De instructed to
write to the Attorney-General, who ia re
sponsible for these Friday meetings, and
notify him of the law.
Deputy William O'Shaughnessy of
Sheriff Whelan's force demonstrated that
he i 9 a "thoroughbred" when he travels
on business for the State by including in
his claims the amounts of the tips he had
bestowed on sleeping-car porters and
others while escorting boys to Whittier
School.
They were scheduled as follows: Stew
ards, $1 50; night watchman, $1 50; pan
tryman, $1; waiter, $1 50. As he made
two trips he is out just $11. The board
objects to a display of hospitality at the
expense of the State.
The Southern California Insane Asylum
is financially defunct, having overdrawn
its funds $80. With the bills for the present
month it will have no available funds un
til July, a deficiency is requested, and as it
means a cessation of business unless the
bills are paid, the board concluded to en
deavor to obtain the attendance of Attor
ney-General Fitzgerald at least one meet
ing in order to create the deficiency.
The Labor Commissioner also desires to
be allowed a deficiency of $1600, as his
bureau has run short of funds.
While the board was in session the
Governor received a telephone message
from Captain Lees requesting that a re
ward be offered for the arrest and con
viction of Blanther, the suspected mur
derer of Mrs. Langfeldt Governor Budd
complied with the request by offering $500
and then said:
"I have been accused by the newspapers
of opposing tne San Francisco officers in
not offering this reward. I have not neg
lected it, but have been away and have
not been attending to official business."
During the session the Governor stated
that he intended to make a trip into Yo
semite Valley as soon aa the road opened.
He did not state his purpose, but it is
said that he has discovered another mare's
nest and intends mixing up with the
Board of Commissioners because, it is
alleged. they expended funds in the erection
of a hotel to be rented to private indi
dividuals.
ow is your liver? If
your liver is in bad condition, if your
stomach is in disorder, if you are suffering
from constipation you will find it best to
get ready relief, and you will if you get
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla has
done wonders for me. Different physi-
cians told me I had Bright'a Disease, and
that nothing would do me any good.
My sleep was disturbed at night, having
to get up from ten to fifteen times at night
to pass urine. I bad heavy pains in my
bp.ck, head and limbs. I can now rest all
night, sleep well, and have gained twenty
pounds.
God bless Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Signed JOHN T. BROWNE,
648 Stevenson street.
••BUILT LIKE A WATCH"
STERLING
BIOTOIiBS,
WHEKI.S AND PALMErt TIRES Ol'AßAS-
teed for one year. Price f 100. If you want
to know more about The Sterling send for oar An
Catalogue. Mailed free.
STERLING CYCLE WOKKS,
I 314 POST STREET, San Francisco.
new J l *?^":^ -ww^w^.-^
; <5? W? ° ° I Mm °A\* i *m A is
 — nal A\\ v ■JEn II \ jgs*
<j£JJiTv H / \\ \ I / ll\
These are the men that are going to enjoy their
outing perfectly ; the admiration bestowed on
their appearance is only one advantage of being
well dressed — true comfort is another, and a very
important one. r - •"/■«.*. -**
The man on the right wears our Three-Button
Cutaway, a handsome, stylish suit, that stamps
the wearer a gentleman at once. Made in figures
and Clay Worsteds, silk lined thoughout, best
trimmings and carefully made. Perfect fit guar-
anteed. $17.50 is our wholesale price. Say $35
at retailers . . ;
The center man wears our All-Wool Round-
Cornered Sack Suit, the cheapest good suit we
have. Our wholesale price is $7.50. Really a
good suit.
The actual value of the suit on the left is away
above our wholesale price of $10. Either Single
or Double Breasted Sacks, in Cheviots and Tweeds.
A perfect fitting, stylish, dressy suit, well made
and warranted.
Look out for the horde of schemers who imi-
tate our name and our methods. We have but
one branch in S. F. — 211 Montgomery street.
WOObBN MILLS
BIG REDUCTION E RATES BY RAIL
3F» O3FLTIJi*A. J^TJP. OR.
Mm&kWMgMmf&£mM£i
SATURDAY....;.. MAY 23,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at. 8 p. v.
0 F ft A —lncluding berth in Pullman Tour-
VDa U U Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In & 1 f\.oO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. <D-LU
SPECIAL NOTICE.
' This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets in
■old or baggage checked to such points.
£X3F~ Through Tickets for Facet Sound
Point* on Sale at Reduced Bates.
For further Information aoply At
613MAUKKT .Si'KKhT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), Ban Francisco.
BICHARDGRAY, T.H.GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agrt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COJIPAST.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tritfma leave nml are due to arrive at
MAN lit \\« Ist O.
leave — _ Fr.oif Mat 3, 1806. — Aimrvm
•0:00 a. Niks. San Joso and Way Stations. . . 8:43 a
7>ooa Atlantia Kxprcss, Og.lcn and I'ast.. 8: 13p
7:00 a Benicia, VacavilJe, Rurasey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis. ■ ■ . 6:43?
7i*oa Martinez, San Kamon, Xapa, Calls-
toga and Santa Eosa 8:1
»:8»A Nik*, (imi Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, lied liluff
and Sundays czcepted Oroville.... 4 1 1 3 p
•Bj36a Peters and Milton «7:15p
. OiOOa Los Angeles Express, Freeno, Santa
lifirbara and Los Angeles 4:43p
' 0:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:13 a
0:00 a Vallejo » „ 6:15p
I:OOp Niles, Ban Jose and Livermore B:4 Sv
♦l:OOi» Sacramento Hirer Steamers ' •»:00p
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations ■f~:4op
4:00r Martinez, San Itainon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Sauta ■:!.•>*
4:6»p Bcnicia. Vacaville, Woodland,
- '•' ICnights Landing, Marysrille,
OroTillo and .Sacramento 1 0 143 a
CjbOp Nile% San Jose, Livermore and
• >■-■'"■ -.Stockton 7tlBp
«:3OrMercod, Uerenda. Raymond (for
m i. ' . Yemenite) and Fresno 11.-4JU
8«*«P Now Orleans IS xprcES.Vresuo, Bakers-
'.",;■-;■ field, Santa Barbara, l.os Angeles, --■/'•
, , Denitng, El Paso, Naw Oilcans and
East 19:18 a
SiOOr Santa Fo lCotite, Atlantic Express
forMojavo and East.... 10:13 a
5:»0p Vallejo H:43a
O:OOp European Mail. Ogden and 15a5t.... 0:45 a
6:<»or ITaywards, SilcSand San Jose 7:45 a
}7:oop Vallejo t~:*3p
7UM)p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marjs-
vllle, Raiding, Portland, I'ugct
Sound and Kast 1 0:43 a
SA?lTA_nttiZ DIVISION (Narrow Uftuge). .
}7:43 a Santa Cru» Excursion, Santa Cruz
_■_ _ - T «md rrindp;l Way Stations JSsW?
■ilsANewark,Center»illo,t ; !aii.lose,Felton,
. , , Iloulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
.. __ Stations stS«p
Newark. Centcrvllle, Ban Jose. New
Alinaden, Fclton, Iloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
■ . __ Stations V- Ml:2»a
4:13p Newark. Sau .Togo and 1.03 (Ja105.... 9:5« a
COAST DIVISION (Third .* iouiisenil Sto.)
*U:43a Sau Joso and Way Stations (New
._ _. „ Alrnaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... # 1:43p
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
; Siata Cn«, Pacific GroTe, and
.ik B Principal Way Stations tB:3sp
8:15 a Han .lone. Tres Vinos, tsonta Cruz.
- racillo Grove, Paso Itobles, Sau
Luis Obispo, Gnadalnpo and Prin-
_-„ cipal Way Statloim 7:03p
t»:4.A.Pel 0 Alto and WayStatlons t» «43p
IOiIi»a San Jose and Way Stations 5:OOp
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations .. 8:30p
•S»:3op .lose, Gilroy, Tres Plnos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas,Mon and Pacilio
. Grove *I0:10a
«.1::iOp Ban Joso and Principal WayiitaUoiis 0:47 a
•l:3ot> San Jose and Way Ktatlon •»:OOa
»:;t»r Kan. and V.'ay Stations "8:18 a
O::$op San Joso and Way Stations «:Ssa
fllr-lSr San Jcso and W67 Stations <7:4.~>p
SAX LbA.M)ttO AND HAYffAJtDN LU<'AL.
<»8:OOa "I 3 : : 7 tTISI
8:00 a. . «U:i."iA
lO.OOa Melr«ae, Seminary P«k, J"i ! 13a
"a!o2p Fltchbapf,S«aLtan<lt9: *fjJ5,
3:0«p I . J 4.-JCP
4:00p f BHa • Bt4Sr
O:3Op H.rw.rJ. •»••*
7:00p 8:15p
H:00p ._ •'.:.■• O:-I3p
O:OOp • Hum through to Niles. IO.SOp
itllilSpJ «FromNUes. - ft£2:oor
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiS mKCISCO— I sot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 . 0:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:SO J3:SO
•4:00 • J5:00 •«:oQf.v.
From OAIUHD— Foot of Broadway.— ■ "C:00 8.-C0
. 10:OOA.M.412:CO »l:00 (2:00 •■ "3:00 • ti:C3
*5:00 p.m. ■■■■.. . '....'
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ■ •
■ Sundays exceptcd. t Saturdays only.
..... _ t Sundays only.
1 —it Monday. Thursday atnl Saturday nights only.
' RAILROAD TRAVEL* :■■:■
SM FRARCISCO & NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 .A. M.i 18:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. H. Thursday s-Kxtra trio
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 P. m. , .„ ■ .
SUNDAY 6-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:31
6:00, 6:20 P. v. ,
San Rafael to San Francisco. ■
WEEK DAYS—6:IS, 7:50, .0:10, 11 10 a. it ,
lh% 3^.^i;st^ tardvt - ±XM ' t^
BU^TOO Y 6^5 7 P 35 9:36 ' 11:1 ° *■ **. 1:4 Cl 8M> >
Between San Francisco and Schaetun Park aama
schedule as above. ■■■■-,■ »— •■
t In effect ArrtTe
San Francisco. ip^^* Baa Franclsca
%^|ff£ lJ&, n . ff> )%»«-
-7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, . - 10:40 ax I 8 "40 am
3:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:06 Pit 10:10 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:80 pm 6:15 pS
Pulton, '■ ~" ""
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 a.«
Healdsburg,
Oyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:80 fm 6:15 p>c
~ 1-ieta, ~~~. ] ~~ '
7:3oami 7*oam Hopland A T^n.^gg
3:3opm| 7 80am t?lciah. 7:3Opm 6:16 pk
7:30 am ' 1010 am
7:30 am GucrnevUle. 7:30 pm •"**"
3:30 PM I ' T . 6:15
.lfgg.!SBg G S^ 'iiSS^ i;Jg,S
lilMMLE^nipM] 1
&t»)c*s connect at Santa Rosa for Mark WeTt
Springs: at GeyservHie for Skagpi Springs- at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pietffor H^'an*
Springs, Kelsey Soda Bay and LakTpoVt- at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Spring "
Uklah for Vichy surings, Sftratogi Springs Blun
I Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper I.u'e. Porno Pottet
Valley. Jonn Day's, Llerley's, Buckr ell's «j«nhirt
/in Heights, Oravelly Valley Boonev lie Greet-
wood, Orr-s Hot Springs. Mendoclno City Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Willets, canto Cor."?
LayionvlHe, Harris, Scotia and Kureka. Cov *-°»
Saturday to Monday rouni-trlp tickets atrednoed
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b*.
yond San Bafael at half rates. *™uw D *"
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bntldlna.
H. O. WHITING. r. X . RYAN*
Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "fSfo
Pacific
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrive (tJvSßfft^Q BPj
at Market-Street Ferry. C&&£&»S!vt!A
SANTA FE EXPRfcSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lino
Leaves every day at 5 p. M-, carrying Pullman
I Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex can tor
Denver and St. Louis.
TUe 1-ocuiar BAATA BK ROUTE EXCUK-
SIOXS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON"
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers. In charge of experienced agents, runn'.ui
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
- and good meals in Harvey's dining-room*.
Ticket Office— 644, Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
> (Via Sausallto Ferry).
from San Francisco, Commrnrlng March 39, IMS.
WEEKDAYS. • =
W< ? a i,y?l ley * nd s * a Kaiael-7:00. «8?00
I 9^ 6 . 10 ,! I*'1 *' 11: * 5 - *• 1:16 - sr -0- * :18 »
6:16. »«:ol'. v.35 p. k.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dM»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p.m.
__ BVXDAYS.
•** MM Valley and San Rafaal-»8:0O. •9:00,
!^,:W,U:3Ua. m. ;»•!•.■ . 3J. '1:30. ••J;IS. ••1:0$
B ' 3 6:45. 8:30 p. Kxtzatrhi tO^Bauialltoal
11 :OO a. m.
Trains marked • run to Sbb Qaentln. **13iM
r.u. does n?t run to Mill Valley.
• THROUGH TRAINS. i-
*'*»'•«• weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
S!«n A " M- Sun(lo ys— Caraiero and way stations,
1 Vwv a. m, Suad»y«-Pouit Reyes ana way station*STANFORD BRAVES
HOLD A POWWOW
Sophomore and Freshman
Tribes Inter the
Hatchet.
SAGAMORES IN A DANCE
Smoke From the Pipe of Peace
Has a Bad Effect on Some
ot the Warriors.
GRADUATES ARE BANQUETED.
Dr. Jordan and the Facu'ty Entertain
the Members of the Retiring
Class.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
2i.— lnstruction for the present college
year at Stanford University ended at 12:30
o'clock this afternoon, and a large number
of under-graduates are now on their way
home, though a still greater number have
remained to attend the commencement
week ceremonies, which will be more
elaborate this year than ever before.
The graduating class was given a recep
tion this afternoon in the Roble parlors
by David Starr Jordan and faculty mem
bers, assisted by the young ladies of the
'96 class. The parlors were prettily deco
rated with drapings of class colors, flowers
and evergreens. The affair was informal
and tbe time was expended not in speech
making but in social conversation. Light
refreshments were served. Mainly all the
graduates and a majority of the professors
and their wives were present. The affair
lasted two hours or more and was greatly
enjoyed.
The great Freshman-Sophomore peace
making was celebrated on the quadrangle
this evening.
The sophomores and freshmen, clad in
blankets and feathers and with painted
faces, met at the quadrangle and marched
to the lake to tbe chant of Indian music
and the warw hoops of the braves. Here
the dusky red men gathered around a huge
bonfire and executed war dancing to the
amusement of the numerous spectators.
Several of the big chiefs, drawing their
blanket 9 closely about them for protection
from the rather inclement elements, made
amusing speeches in which grunts were
mingled with alarming frequency in the
true Fennimore Cooper style.
The pipe of peace was smoked with
startling results on some ot the freshmen
braves who have not acquired "the habit,"
but they will undoubtedly recover. A
glittering hatchet was buried to signify
that peace reigned between the tribes, and
the pow-woxr was at an end. Following
was the programme :
Presentation of '98 war club to '99 by
Coief Lover-of-the-Palefaced-Squaw Cot
ton.
Acceptance, by Young-Man- Afraid -of-
His- Room-mate Russ.
Proposal to bury the tomahawk, by Man-
With-a-Crook-in-His-Noee Switzer.
Acceptance, by Tomato - Can - Lawyer
Elias.
Proposal to smoke pipe of peace by Four-
Eyed-Brave-Sure-in-the-Foot Irwin.
Acceptance by Heap- Lose-' lm-Wampum
Bradley.
Gaurdians of the pouch — Heap-Laugh-
All-Time Wilbur, Esquimaux Charley
Fickert, Clouds-in-South Meyer.
The Choral Society gave its concert last
evening to a crowded house.
ASHORE IN COOKS INLET.
The Alaska Steamship Utopia High and
Dry Upon a Northern
Beach.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 22. —The steamer
Danube, which arrived from Alaska to
day, reports that the steamer Bertha, for
which considerable anxiety was felt, has
reached Sitka.
The Bertha reported the steamer Utopia
of Puget Sound ashore in Cooks Inlet,
where, when tide was low, it lay high and
dry out of water.
What injury the steamer had sustained
through the mishap is not known, but the
vessel will have considerable difficulty in
fetling afloat. The Utopia was built at
cattle in 1893, and previous to the present
trip was engaged on the Seattle and Van
couver route.
COLONEL McNASSER DEAD.
Patting of One of the Oldest Residents
of the Capital.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 22.— Word
was received here this morning of the
death of Colonel James McNasser at Salt
Lake City last night. Colonel McNasser
was an old and highly respected resident
of Sacramento. He came to Sacramento
in 1861, and had resided here up to several
weeks ago, when he went to Salt Lake City
for his health. His death was due to an
accident which occurred near here last
summer, when a spirited horse overturned
his carriage and he was injured internally.
James McNas*er was one of the largest
landholders in Sacramento County, hav
ing thousands of acres of land just below
and adjacent to the city, much of which is
overflowed but in the process of reclama
tion. He built and conducted for a long
time the Golden Eagle Hotel, and under
his management it gained its reputation.
He was of the most inflexible character and
a true friend to all his acquaintances. Two
years ago he sustained a losa in the death
of his wife which greatly affected him,
and his health had failed since then. His
body will be brought to this city and giv
en burial beside that of bis wife.
PANADENA ACCIDENT
An Electric- Car Collides Hith a Phaeton
Occupied by Women.
PASADENA, Cal., May 22.— Mrs. W. F.
Parker and Miss Tileston were seriously
injured by the collision of an electric-car
with their phaeton about noon to-day.
Their horse was so badly injured that it
was shot.
The ladies were driving along Fair Oaks
avenue when a car on the Pasadena and
Los Anjreles Electric Railway approached.
Tfa« horse iumped and shied in front of
the car, and was knocked down and run
over. The phaeton was overturned and
its occupants thrown violently to the
ground. Miss Tileston sustained severe
contusions about the head and internal in
juries, while Mrs. Parker was baaly
bruised.
Death of a Seattle Sporting Man.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 22.— James W.
Smith, a sporting man and vaudeville
showman weJl known over the Pacific
Coast, died from pneumonia to-day. He
had been a resident of this city for a quar
ter of a century, and but few men were
better liked or had a more extensive ac
quaintance among tbe sporting fraternity
than "Jimmy" Smith, as ne was familiarly
called.
LUCKY SANTA CRESANS
Members of the Liebbrandt Family Heirs
to Vast Estates.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. May 22.-When
Mrs. Christina Custer Liehbrandt died in
this city in 1878 it was known that she left
to her children an heirship which would
one day prove valuable to them, but until
last March no effort was made to trace
back the family history with a view of
seeking their share in the fortune to which
they are entitled. Mrs. Jacob Liebbrandt
undertook the task and ha? established the
fact that their mother's grandfather was
George Custer, whose wife was aunt to
George Washington, the first President of
the United States, and she has established
further that the present Liebbrandt fam
ily is entitled to an interest in lands in
Virginia, Maryland, Texas and what was
known as the Hope farm in the heart of
the city of Philadelphia. But there are
about 4ooo descendents of tbe Custers, and
254 of them have proved their heirship.
Those irj this city are Jacob Liebbrandt,
City Councilman, his brothers, John, one
of the owners of the Neptune Baths, and
David, now in Monterey, and Mrs. Mary
Hertell of Van \\ irt, Ohio.
THE WARN IMOD AT VICTORIA.
All Records Broken in the Run front
the Antipodes.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 22.-The fastest
voyage on record between Sydney, N. S.W.,
and Victoria was ended at 7 o'clock this
evening, when the Warrimoo, Captain
Hepworth, tied up at the outer wharf after
a particularly fine trip, lasting just twenty
one days and four hours, including stop
pages of ten and seven hours respectively
at Samoa and Honolulu.
A large party of Mormons who are re
turning: from a two year?' missionary tour
through New Zealand and Tasmania
arrived on the steamer, having sold their
possessions in the south to go to Utah to
settle. They claim to be 6000 strong in
New Zealand alone, but it it said half their
number are now contemplating a pilgrim
age to the promised land of Utah, and
negotiations for their transfer are pending.
COLUMBIA RIVER WAR
Fishermen Claim the Shooting
of Pearcy Was in Self-
Defense.
He Had Fired Upon Union Men and
They Returned Bullet for
Bullet.
AST6RIA, Ob., May 22.— The fisher
men's war on the Columbia River is Btill
on, but hopes are entertained that a com
promise will be effected in the cour?e of a
few days. Cannerymen and fishermen are
yet firm in their respective positions, both
declaring their unwillingness to yield.
Tnat part of the agreement between the
cannerymen binding all members of the
combine to receive no fish at more than 4
cents per pound would have been broken
weeks ago were it not that all fear the pos
sibility of a cut in established prices by
those naving stock on hand.
The penalty rixed by the combination
for breaking the former clause is com
paratively small and would not be consid
ered if the provisions of the more im
portant clause were strictly observed; but i
all the packers realize that a further cut
in prices would hopelessly demoralize the
marKet and make it impossible to pack at
a profit even if raw material were fur
nished at 4 cents per pound.
The improved tone in the market will
undoubtedly operate to bring about a
settlement of all differences between can
nerymen and fishermen by tbe payment of
the price demanded by the latter.
Olhcers of the Fishermen's Union deny
all knowledge of the murder ot Searcy, '■
tbe non-union fisherman who was shot
last night at Wallaces Island, a few miles I
above this city, and assert that the crime
was not committed by any of their mera- I
bers. The assertion finds corroboration in
the following private dispatch from Cath- ]
lamet, received by The Call's Astoria
correspondent this evening:
On Thursday evening a nnlon boat was
peaceably sailing past Wallaces Island, about
100 fathoms distance from the boat in which
were Searcy and his boat-puller, when without
warning the latter two raised their rifles and
fired four shots at the occupants of the union
boat. The union men then opened fire in self
defense, one of their shots entering Searny's
head, killing him instantly, another slightly
wounding tbe boat-puller.
■Searcy fchad heretofore made threats as to
what he would do with the union fishermen.
The general verdict here is that the shooting
was done In self-defense and was justifiable,
the man killed being entirely responsible for
the tragedy.
SAN JOSE DIVORCE SUIT.
Better A. Bobbins Accuses Her Husband
of Cruelty.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. May 22.— Court Com
missioner Montgomery has filed the testi
mony taken in the suit of Hester A. Rob
bins for a divorce from Tnomas P. Rob
bins, on the grounds of cruelty and deser
tion. Tbe principals were married in
Lake County in 1869, and have seven chil
dren, ranging in age from 4 to 23 years.
The wife's story was one of continued
cruelty for the past ten years. Robbins
drank excessively and beat her on an
average of about twice a week. A couple
of years ago he left her, and has since
failed to contribute to her support. Last
January he swore to a complaint in the
Justice Court charging her with being in
timate with a young man. Mrs. Robbins
wants the custody of the youngest child.
Son Miguel Island Resurveucd.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 22.— The
coast survey steamer Gedney returned at
midnight last night from San Miguel Isl
and, where she has been busy making a
resurvey of the changes in Cuylers harbor
caused by the upheaval of a year ago. The
Gedney verified the change in the coast
line alone the west curve ot the harbor, to
gether with the shoaling of the water at
this point and the reefs which arose, and
has charted these changes upon the offi
cial map of the island.
Charle* M. Sehiele Head.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 22.— Charles M.
Scbiele, a well-known resident of this city,
died at his ranch, near Los Gatos. last
night. Mr. Schiele was a native of Bern
burg, Germany, and was 46 years of age.
He came to this city sixteen years ago and
engaged in the hotel business, and subse
quently went into the real estate business
At one time he represented the First Ward
in the City Council.
PtiUmnn Crnekamen Captured.
SPOKANE, Wash., May 22—Marshal
Ward to-day arrested John Callahan and
George Davis, Alaskan miners, at Rosalia
for the robbery of the Pullman postoffice
safe, which was blown open on Wednes
day and robbed of $20 in small change
The prisoners' pockets were full of nickels
and skeleton keys, and one carried a dark
lantern.
Memorial Service* at Caliitoga.
CALISTOGA, Cal., May 22.— 0n Sun
day next Grand Army Post No. 41 will
hold memorial services in the Carbolic
church here. Elaborate preparations are
being made lor the event, and it is ex
pected that there will be a large number
of veierans in attendance. The church
will be appropriately decurated with flags
and bunting.
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
VALLEJO BARS
THE DRUMMER
Traveling Solicitors Will
Be Made to Pay a
License.
PROTEST OF MERCHANTS
Claim Their Trade Is Ruined
by the Suave Knights of
the Grip.
TRUSTEES IMPOSE A TAX-
Solicitors Must Display Their Creden
tials Before Attempting to
Take Orders.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 22.— The City
Board of Trustees passed an ordinance
that went into effect to-day, requiring a
license of $50 per quarter for all traveling
salesmen, whether they sell by eauiple or
otherwise. This is intended to keep
drummers of all classes from coming to
Vallejo, no matter what business they
solicit for.
What between the cheap rates to San
Francisco and men and women coming to
town to sell their goods by sample, the
merchants felt justified in urtring upon
the board to pass an ordinance to exclude
traveling salesmen. The District Attor
ney was called upon to draft an ordinance
conveying the requirements. The ordi
nance was passed at a full meeting of the
board Wednesday evening, published
Thursday, and is in effect to-day. It is as
follows:
Every person, other than those couduoting
~egular places of business, selling different
articles of apparel, dry goods, fancy goods,
notions, jcwelrr, cutlery, groceries, harness,
pianos, organs, machinery of all kind,
vehicles, hardware, tinware, mill products,
or merchandise of any class or character, to
persons not regularly engaged in carrying on
such lines of business, whether by sample or
otherwise, must pay a license tax of $50 per
quarter year.
Every person shall be deemed not to have
obtained such license as he may by this ordin
ance be required to obtain, unless upon de
mand of the City Marshal, or other proper per
son, he produce the same for inspection.
BUTTE COUNTY W. C. T. U.
long List of Officials Elected at the Chico
Convention.
CHICO. Cal., May 22.— Following is the
1 list of officers elected by the Butte County
W. C. T. U. during the convention held
jin this city: County president, Mrs. D.
jW. Gray, Oroville; vice-president at
large, Mrs. A. K. Bid well, Chico: county
recording secretary, Mrs. Aiice Mecum,
Chico; county corresponding secretary,
j Mrs. Lilian Birmingham Gray, Oroville;
| county treasurer, Mrs. N. Earil, Chico;
I auditor, Mrs. B. M. Royce. Chico. County
■ superintendents of departments — Evangel
istic, Mrs. A. K. Bidwell. Chico; no
\ license campaign, Mrs. L. F. B. Gray, Oro
ville; franchise, Mrs. 1). W. Gray, Oro
ville; juvenile and Demorest medal, Mrs.
Robinson, Palermo; viticulture and un
fermented wine, Mrs. S. M. If. Woodman,
Chico; social purity, Mrs. Horton, Hon
cut; Union Signal and Ensicn, Mrs. Eben
Boalt, Palermo; song, Mrs. Fimple, Chico;
; hygiene and heredity, Mrs. C. A. Fisher,
Gridley; press, Mrs. Rorce, Chico; scien
, titic temperance instruction, Mrs. L. N.
' Allen, Chico; kindergarten and mothers'
I meetings, Mrs. Umpleby, Palermo; narcot
-1 ics. Mrs. L. A. B. Curtis, Pentz; work for
j minors, Mrs. E. M. Dufour, Nim?hew; law
: enforcement, Mrs. Francis Lunt, Yankee
i Hill; Sabbath observance, Mrs. Potter,
! Pentz.
NEVADA BUT BRUTALLY BEATED
Clubbed Into Convulsions With a Piece
of Shovel- Handle.
NEVADA, Cal., May 22.— Eddie Rice,
aged 11, could hardly reach school this
morning, and when he did get there he
fell on the floor and writhed as though
about to have spasms. His arms and legs
were terribly bruised and swollen to nearly
twice their natural size, while in his head
there was a large splinter. The boy said
he had been beaten by the man with whom
he lived because he did not work to suit
him. The splinter was from a stick with
which he says he was struck over the head.
The child was taken in an express wagon
to a doctor's office, and subsequently
taken to the County Hospital. It is
claimed that the boy was beaten with a
piece of shovel-handle by a younger
brother, but this story is discredited. The
officers will investigate the case.
VALLEY ROAD RIGHTS OF WAY.
What C. S. Young Says About Exorbitant
Prices.
FRESNO, Cal., May 21.— C. 8. Young,
J who is here in behalf of rights of way for
| the Valley road, stated to-day in an inter
; view that unless land-ownera south of
Fresno were more liberal in granting rights
of way than those north of this city dad
been the Valley road would build no further
south than Fresno at present. He said the
directors were growing tired of being held
up for exorbitant prices for rights of way.
and hereafter rights of way must be
donated by eacn coutoty through which
the road passes, or at least there must be
greater liberality shown than heretofore.
DEPORTED FROM SEATTLE.
A Judicial Decision Which Will Separate
Mother and Child.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 22.— Federal
Judge Hanford has rendered a decision
ordering the deportation of the wife of Gee
Lee, a big Chinese merchant. The woman
has a babe in arms and the case will result
in the separation of mother and chili in
the event that the latter's rights are de
manded. The decision is regarded as far
reaching, as it is the first case of the kind,
and in the event that it holds good several
hundred Chinese women in this State wiil
be returned to the land of their birth.
Sad ftuicide at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 22.— Mrs. Hattie
Ring, 30 years old, wife of Melvin Ring, a
mail-carrier of this city, while suffering
lroni mental derangement consequent
upon serious surgical operations, hanged
herself in the family home yesterday.
Her body when found was suspended by
a towel and kitchen apron from the top
most hinge of a door.
Rage Caused Bin Death.
SPOKANE, Cal., May 22.— John Brown
cf San Francisco, a prominent reservation
mining man, in a tit of anger threw his
rinV at his horse this morning. A car
tridge in tbe weapon exploded, the bullet
passing through Brown's heart.
Miming _ Young Men, Return.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 22.— Newton
E. Julian and Royal March, the young
men who left here in a boat on Tuesday
morning for Capitola and were believed to
have been drowned, returned yesterday.
They went in a sailboat and were becalmed
and lain by at Moss landing.
NAPA COLLEGE COMMENCEMENT
List of Graduates Upon Whom Degrees
Are Conferred.
NAPA, Cal., May 22.— Napa College
commencement was held yesterday. The
following students graduated and received
degrees: Chauncey J. Hawkins, Snisun,
bachelor of arts; Lulu M. Coleman, Dixon,
bachelor of letters; Albert S. Hiatt, Pleas
ant Valley, bachelor of arts; Mary M.
King. Napa, bachelor of letters; Clement
E. Jordan, Napa, bachelor of philosopv:
Alice M. Jordan, N;ipa, bachelor of
science; Mary Ir. Bogt;s. bachelor of paint
ing.
The degree of master of arts was ' con
ferred upon the following former students
who had done the required post-graduate
work: William 13. Turner, Sprague.
Wash.: Everett M. Hill, San Francisco;
Irvin C. Hatch. Napa; Frank T. Tuck,
Fort Smith, Ark.; L. B. Scanton, New
York.
i Rev. Dr. Alfred Kummer of Oakland
made the address to the class before a
very large audience. Notwithstanding
that this is the last commencement and
the college now closes for good, there had
been good feeling manifest all the week,
and last night the class of '96 gave an
elaborate reception at the college.
Woodland's _ - »rtr Gas Plant.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 22,-Contracts
were let last night for a new gas plant to be
erected for the Consolidated Electric
Light, Gas and Power Company of this
city. The Van Sycfcle system has been
adopted and the new plant will be one of
tbe best equipped in the BtMt, Tt will be
erected on the site of the present gas
works and when completed will be a valu
able addition to Woodland's lighting fa
cilities. Work will be commenced at once.
Fresno's Rock Pile Abolished.
FRESNO, Cal., May 22.— The Super
visors discontinued the rocti pile to-day.
The rock piie was instituted about a year
ago, ana petty offenders were compelled to
break rocK and earn their meals. But the
rock pile seemed to have no terrors for
tramps, as they have been as thick as ever
in Fresno.
City of Puctila Breaks the Record.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 22.— The Pacific
Coast Steamship Company's steamer City
of Puebla again reduced by a full hour the
steaming record between British Columbia
and California, arriving here ut 11 o'clock
yesterday morniug, just 48? i hours from
!?an Francisco.
TO GO AROUND THE WORLD.
Big Wager Put Upon the Journey by a
Bright Lad.
ANDERSON. Ixd., May C2.-Five thou
sand dollars was posted yesterday by A.
H. Melton of the Scofield Bolt Company
of this city and H. J. Bleum of Cleveland,
Ohio, and" June 6 Raymond Wood, aged 17,
will start on a tour around the world.
Melton put up $5000 that Wood would go
around the world in two years and s°:id
home $5000. Wood is to get $2500 if he
does it.
Wood is but a lad, yet he is a genius. He
is at present in the employ ot the Scofield
Bolt Company. He already has his globe
trotting scheme outlined. He was raised
in Bowling Green, Ky. He will start with
out money and will make the trip via St.
Louis. San Francisco, Honolulu, Yoko
hama, Suez and New York. He will de
pend on making his money in the English
speaking nations.
BEFORE TWO JURIES.
An Unprecedented Case on Trial in a
A'ebraska Court.
OMAHA, Nebr., May 22.— Stanley Ciay
comb was arrested several weeks ago,
charged with robbing the graves of
Hannah Larsen and Jacob Helm and dis
posing of their bodies to the Drake Medi
cal College in Dtd Moines. Two distinct
charges were tied making separate cases.
The court decided to-day tfcat as the testi
mony must necessarily be the same two
juries should be empaneled. Two juries
have been sworn and an unprecedented
case of two juries and two cases going on
at the same time before one Judge is the
result. The courtroom is crowded and
great interest is centered in the result.
AN AMICABLE ADJUSTMENT.
Concessions Made to the Southern Pacific
in freight Rates.
DENVER, Colo., May 22.— The basis for
an amicable adjustment of the Utah
freight rate trouble was determined upon
to-day by the trans-Missouri freight rate
committee in session here. The basis is
in favor of the Southern Pacific, and rep
resentatives of that road, after agreeing
to remove all cut rates now in force, de
parted for California to-night. Heretofore
the Southern Pacific rates from Pacific
Coast points to Utah common points have
been 85 per cent of the Missouri River rate
to Utah. Matters relating to commodity
rates into Utah will come up to-morrow. "
Honored by the Mikado.
WICHITA, Kan., May 22.— James
Wheeler Davidson, a young war corre
spondent, whose father, C. H. Davidson,
is a banker of this city, has been com
manded to appear at the "court of the
Mikado to be entertained. Davidson ren
dered distinguished service to the Japanese
army duriug the recent Chinese war, and
the Emperor has already decorated him
with the insignia of the Order of tho
Rising Sun.
Strife on Crete Island.
LONDON, Eno., May 22.— The Daily
News publishes a dispatch Irom Vienna
saying that the situation in the island of
Crete, growing out of the long hostility
between the Turkish soldiers and the
rulers of the island and the Christian pop
ulation, is daily becoming more threaten
ing. It is feared that a revolution may
break out any moment.
Bodies J-'rotn the JUtins.
BUFFALO, N. V., May 22.— A1l night
long workmen toiled in the ruins of the
Brown building searching for bodies. At
1 o'clock this morning the body of a Polish
laborer was found, and at 10:40 the body of
Contractor Straube was readied. The list
of dead now numbers four, and this is be
lieved to be the total of the fatalities.
Labor Riots in Kohetnia.
PRAGUE, Bohemia, May 22.— Riotous
labor assemblies have been frequent at
Ricbenburg, Bohemia, since Mayday. Last
evening a crowd of 1000 persons gathered
outside of Wolf's faciory and refused to
disperse. Finding the determined
to remain the police h ret! , killing two and
seriously wounding live.
Cholera Rages in Egypt.
CAIRO, Egypt, May 22.— There were no
new cases of cholera reported here yester
day, but the deaths among those pre
viously attacked numbered forty. In Al
exandria yesterday seventeen deatha from
ciiolera occurred. No fresh cases were
discovered.
The Cargo tthiftrd.
LONDON, Eng., May 22.— The British
ship Pass of Balmoba, Captain Tovar,
which sailed from Tacoma February 6 for
Qneenstowu, has put into Stanley" Falk
land Islands. Her cargo having shitted,
part of it was jettisoned. She also reports
the loss of some of her sails.
Made a n A *»igntn*nt.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2i'._After an
extended career as operatic and dramatic
managers, Messrs. Abbey, Schoeffel &
Grau find themselves in financial difficul
ties and have made an assignment for the
benefit of their creditors.
________ NEW TO-J3AT.
S\\ //I The most beautiful store on earth opens its! ' m M IPS
BW| doors to the public to-day for inspection and i*^f i|t Jijfp
w4' K. criticism. When the four great engines ia^%^^\i/^
Ntvk /^V the Machinery Hall are started this evening, V WMfm
T^\4 >*. 10,000 electric lights will turn night into \ |
$i\/) / o^> 2nd with the fifteen acres of floor space \ 1
'/A thronged with thousands of visitors, it will \ |
\ (fl\ \ make indeed the most brilliant and darling A N
7/1) \ spectacles^yer witnessed in San Francisco* I I
1 1 Wdl-infokmed travelers who n^e visited every notable store in the Old World ana the |
S. New, after Wing The Emporium^even as it was before completion, are unaniitous \
| \ in saying tha\rt occupies the grande^mercantile building in the world to-day. feut 1
j| \ the great beau^of its interior decoratioh^and arrangement is not its only recommer&a- |
S lion to public favfcr. Its vast stocks anasunrivaled facilities for conducting business % '
t rapidly, systematicaB^nd .economically, themselves to all visitors. I %
\ \. ©p^nfor Inspection to^a«v, \ I
I \ SafiirdaytMay 23d. >, •;. , I I
y N. Afternoon, 2 tos><^clocfc. \ A ■!
i \^^^ Evening, 7:30 to JJ&SOpcfc. V ! *
I Grand displaybtasmtllion and a half^pllars*^prth I \
I of all good kinds otiftsrdiandise. \ \ j |
j I Concerts afternoon and evehiag by The Dnporium\ I |
| Orchestra, under the direct^n of Mr\|ohn \ f
| Marquardt, assisted by the renowr^d harp soloist,' \ I |
| Mine* Alexandra-Brietschuch Marq^rdt . \ V I \
|. • THE CONCERT PROGRAM \ \ \ j |
X 1. March— "Emporium" . . Marquardt • \ \ 1 I ' g
B 2. Overture— "Mlgnoa" . . . Thomas \ \ I $
3. Waltz— "Blue Danube" . . . Strauss OPI7M& T7^D\ 1 Hi
i 4. Prelude, Sicillano and Int«nn«zo from' \J TELLS OV T \JIS\ I \
1 ■ s "Cavaller-Ia Rusticana" •■. . Mascagni 'business* l \\ I
5. "In the Mill" ..... &set oUMJNfc.SS^\ M W
| 6. "RecoUection of Tannhauser 1 * . Wagner MONDAYV\ \\ I
m MONDAY V \ \ !8
* . 7. Overture- M WiHiamTcn M . . Rossini .-.„ 1 1 I M
S 8. "Toreadore et Andalouse"' . . Rubinstan ' MAY 25 189£ U. I '/' i
| 9. Waltz— "Jolly Fellows" . . Vollstedt ••*-** ■ *"> * W^V .gj/^ f •
, 10. Polka— "Pizricato" .... Strauss \*S / 'J^& S
jr If. Finale— "La vie pour la Czar" . Slinka • ■ %V/ 5? B
p 12. Galop— "Storm and Lightning" . Zikoff /^i^/^s. /fw "
| %S^^mo^^^M&jmEJ 'Street, ** 1
" . ■ ■-■'' ■ ■■■ ■ : . ■ ■ - ■ l
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Congressman Johnson Sues a Washington
Hotel-Keeper to Recover Sto/en
Valuables.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.— Grove
L. Johnson, Congressman from the Sacra
mento district, has brought suit against
George W. Cochran of the hotel bearing
his name to recover $1257 as damages
claiming to accrue to plaintiff on account
ot jewels stolen from him last March. In
his declaration, Johnson Bets forth that at
the time of the robbery he was living at
the Cochran, with his wife and daughter,
paring $300 a month.
While at dinner with bis family on
March 11 the door of one of his apartments
was broken open and from a trunk, which
was locked, were taken $304 worth of
jewelry and watched and $453 in bills and
coin.
Johnson notes the fact that printed on
tbe outside of his door was a notice stat
ing that the management would not be re
sponsible for valuables not put in the safe,
Dut he says that Mr. Cochian told him
that there was no danger if the door was
locked and the trunk also. He declares
that the position of the proprietor in re
gard to limited responsibility is not ten
able.
The Secretary of the Interior to-day
made a requisition on the Secretary of the
Treasury for $680,000 to be used in pension
payments at the San Jbrancisce agency
next month.
James D. Morrow was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Fort Bragg, Mendocino
County, vice Frank Buckhoitz, removed.
A postorh'ce was to-day estaUi: hed at
Oarlock, Kern County, Cal., and Ida
Kelly appointed Postmistress.
A postoffice was established at Boyer,
Churchill County, New, and Alva Boyer
appointed Postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: Henry Weir. Vete
rans' Home, Napa; Daniel Mahoney. San
Francisco; William W. Johuson, Witch
Creek (special, May 15); Henry Schneider,
St. Helena. Original widow (special,
May 1")): Salabriette Hugnes, Los Angeles.
Washington — Increase: Enos P. Peaslee,
Chelan.
Crosby S. Noyes, editor of the Washing
ton Star, left for California to-day, accom
panied by his wife and daughter. Miss
Myra. The trip is made for the benefit of
Mr*. Noyes' health. Mr. *nd Mrs. Noyes
have a daughter living in Oakland, the
wife 61 Attorney Hall, Congressman Hii
born's partner.
To Investigate Secretly.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.-It is
likely that the proceedings of the sub
committee of the Senate Committee on
Finance to investigate the recent bond
sales will conduct its hearings in secret.
Certainly that will be the programme if
Senator Harris, the chairman, has hi«
way. He said to-day that his voice and
vote would be against un open session, for
he did not care to have the press discuss
the matter piecemeal.
for Puhlie liuildinqs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 22.— The
House Committee on Public Bnildings
and Grounds to-day ordered favorable re
ports on bill providing for public build
ings as follows: California— Woodland,
Sr.0,000; Wyoming— Cheyenne, $100,000.
Increase over the tlrst appropriation.
Receiver for a Clock Company.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 22.— Albert C.
Wall has been appointed receiver for the
Charles Jacques Clock Company. The
business was established ten years ago and
the company was incorporated to do busi
ness in this city, Chicago, San Francisco
and Pans. The liabilities are $21,780, and
the nominal assets $30,976.
Tor Breach of Promise.
CHICAGO, 111., May 22.— Harriet B.
Fowler, formerly an employe in the
clothing house of James Wilde Jr. A Co.,
yesterday sued Allen C. Wilde, a member
of the firm, for $25,000 for breach of
promise. Miss Fowler alleges that Wilde
proposed to her while on a lake trip in
August, 1893, and they became engaged.
The defendant gained some notoriety
about two years ago through an announce
ment of his adoption by an alleged titled
English heiress.
I'ire- in a Stockenr.
CRESTON, lowa, May 22.— A stockcar
j in Burlington train 80, Conductor Dority
! in charge, caught fire this afternoon about
i a mile west of Prcncott, and before the
! flames could be extinguished nine head of
horses were fatally burned. The stock
I was en route from Davis City to East St.
Louis. About a miie west of Prescott the
flames were discovered and the train was
S brought to a standstill. About a dozen
i head of horses were rescued. The train
| men succeeded in extinguishing the flamea.
Tiro Blocks Hurtled.
BRECKEN RIDGE, Colo., May 22. —
With a high wind blowing a lire broke out
here this afternoon which threatened to
destroy the town, but after two bioeks
were burned the tire was stayed at the
Arbog.-ist block, leaving most of the busi
ness houses uninjured. Estimated loss,
$50,000.
One Exception to the Rule.
Representative McCallof Massachusetts,
like every member of the House, has his
trials ami tabulations with constituents,
who write to him for seeds. But now and
then tho flood tide of clamor for ' l se«d3,
more seeds," has a welcome variation.
Here is one :
"Dear Mr. McCall," he wrote, "I see by
the Boston papers tnat it is 'time to pull
Congressmen's legs for seeds.' You were
kind enough to send an assortment last
year. For heaven's sake don't send any
this year."
The Prince of Wales is to be installed as
chancellor of the University of Wales in
the coming summer. The ceremony will
take place at Aberystwyth, seat of
the oldest of •: the constituent colleges of
the university. '
«—« — « — •
:' No fewer than 600,000 children are in
sured in Great Britain everyjjyear.
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Dolly mid Sunday Call, one werk, by carrier.. $0.15
bally mill Hutiday Call, one year, by mail B-00
Dully and Sunday Call, rIx months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday cm.;., three months by mull 1.50
Polly and Sunday Call, one month, by mull.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 3-"'O
Vnxiv Call, one year, by mall •• *- ft 0
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Arc you polric to th» country on a vacation t If
go, It In no trouble (or us to forward THIS CALL- to
your address. Do not let It rolas you lor you will
miss It. Ord«T« given to the carrier or left at
Business OJIIca will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTllA CHAIUiK.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
71O Market Street,
Ean 1'rnnclBco, California.
Telephone ..;... r..^ M»ln-18f»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 « luy Btreeu
Tclfpbone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery itreet, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
SSO Hayes street: open until 6:80 o'clock.
713 l.nrk".:> street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
b\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mnih alrcit ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Acorns 81 and S3, M Park How, New York City.
da vii, M. POUTS, Special Agent.
SATURDAY MAY «3, 1890
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Republican clubs are increasing.
The spell of Democracy has turned its
own pic into pi.
Whoever wins at St. Louis will be the
people's favorite.
However costly street -sprinkling may
be, it is never so uneconomical as dust.
If you want good reading to-morrow
leave orders for The Sunday Call to-day.
With the Market-street Railway Com
pany extortion is not a concealed weapon.
The Democratic swim is all hot wator
and the party is getting a much-needed
-wash. _
All Democrats are eager to dodge the
tariff, but they cannot agree on what dodge
to try.
The country is full of converts to the
cause of patriotism, protection and pros
perity. _^
The Senate has the adjournment of Con
gress in its hands, but apparently not iv
its bead.
Republican enthusiasm rises with the
thermometer, and we are going to havo a
glorious summer.
Eight cyclones In five days is the Okla
homa record, an 1 Kansas has blown her
self to pieces in vain.
No man in this country lias legs supple
enough to straddle the money question
and make a good race at the same time.
Care must bo taken that the proposed
fiesta doesn't degenerate into something
like the Midwinter Fair of bad memory.
The Czar need not be so very proud over
his coronation. He was only making a
show of himself for the American tourist.
Extorting double fares from street rail
way passengers cannot be called highway
robbery in disguise, because it isn't dis
guised.
The Republican State Executive Com
mittee has now been thoroughly organized
and everything is ready for the campaign
to begin.
If our Populist friends will consider the
matter they will see that the best tariff
tribunal possible will be a Republican
Congress.
Dallas, Tex., claims to have 5000 bicycles
in operation, and we notice that none of
the cyclones in that section have managed
to overtake it yet.
Judging from reports that come to us it
would seem the split in Texas Democracy
is almost deep enough to make a fracture
in the State itself.
Free trade can never win in this country
again under the name of Democracy and
Democracy can never win again on a plat
form of free trade.
The very fact that silver Democrats are
going to the Chicago convention with a
boom excites a fear that they will come
out of It with a bust or a bolt, v..
The tendency among Republicans and
Populists just now is toward clubs, but
Democrat* stem content to let every man
provide himself with a brickbat.
All Democratic organs are vehemently
denouncing McKinley just now, but the
New York Sun is the worst. It says he
has a striking resemblance to Cleveland.
"Until the unpledged delegates to St.
Louis meet in convention they can be
counted for almost anybody, and that is
why prediction bureaus have such an easy
time of it. _'
It is not Mr. Vinine but the Market
street Railway Company that is responsi
ble for the maintenance of the public
nuisance known a.* the transfer swindle
and the people should not forget the fact.
It is estimated 200,000 tons of wool will
be clipped in Argentina this year and as the
Democratic tariff allows it free entrance
into the United States the fellows who
voted for free trade will be more ashamed
than ever to look an American sheep in the
face this fall.
There is a demand in the East that the
Government distribution of seed should be
placed in charge of an agent selected under
the civil service laws, which is the first
intimation to this side of the continent
that there has ever been any offensive
partisanship in garden sass.
According to the figures of Manager
Vinine, the transfer nuisance enables the
Market-street Company to fleece the public
k to the extent of about 27.000 a year. It is
clear, therefore, that the company could
easily afford to abate the nuisance some
what by civing a better and prompter ser
vice where the transfers are made.
If Congress can find nothing better to do
than to consider a bill to weaken the in
terstate commerce law by striking out the
section which provides a penalty of im
prisonment for those who violate it. the
time has come when an immediate ad
journment would be as beneficial to Con
gressmen themselves as to their constit
uents.
SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Those who wish all tue news— -full, fair
and accurate— who wish to read the pro
ceedings of all parties impartially re
ported, who desire to know the truth of
all events of the day and all actions of
the people, will find each and all of these
things in The Call.
Thk Call speaks for all. Not for a class,
a party or a faction does it employ its en
ergies in gathering the news from all
quarters of the globe nud publishing it for
all who wish to read. Its editorials aro
broad, fair and liberal, upholding the prin
ciples of a true Republicanism that Beckx
the welfare of the Nation and all
its citizens. Its columns are open
to letters from the people whether
rich or poor, in order that all may have
the privilege of a public expresiion of
their thoughts on great affairs. Its re
ports give both sides in every contest, and
do full justice to every contestant. No
man who reads it can doubt the honest y
of its purpose or the merit of its wide,
sweeping policy of representing the whole
people.
It is with the high aim of making n
newspaper on which all can rely, in which
all can havo confidence, and through
which all can be heard, that it is pub
lished. To this aim it will hold stead
fastly. The Call speaks for all.
THE LAW VINDICATED.
The conviction of the slayers of Jack
Littlefield may be expected to result in
the breaking up and dispersion of that
;-;ang of desperadoes that for so long a
time carried everything w.th a high hand
In Round Valley and was a terror to law
abiding nnd peaceable people throughout
the whole of that region. The effect of the
vindication of the law i- sure t<> be wide*
reaching and its beneficial results will be
felt In the community for years to come.
The case is one which shows in a striking
manner the value of a free, fearless, truth
speaking press to the people who support
it. Justice owes ti.is triumph as much to
the press as to the offloers of the law. It
was almost as much as a man's life was
worth to utter any word in Round Valley
denouncing or even criticizing the actions
of the desperado gfcVg when The Call be
gan an exposure of their deeds. The
correspondent, S. \\\ Wall, who was
sent from this ottlce to the scene of the
Littlefield murder to seek out and write
til the circumstances concerning it, found
himself on arriving there confronted oy a
condition of affairs that has hardly its
parallel in any civilized country. It was
not without peril he dared to write the
full truth. He din it, however, with cour
age and skill, developing out of the death
of Liltleh'eld a chain ol evidence that
dragged to light a host of ether crinns as
well.
The tale published by Tut CaxXWMIO
strange and so terrible that for a time
people hesitated to believe it. Day after
day, however, as our correspondent adde.l
new details of wrong, oppression and
crime committed in that beautiful valley,
it became more an 1 more apparent that
the time for resolute action to suppress
them hail come. The Hrpubliran-I'mi* of
Dkiah assisted The Cam. In the task of
maktac the full truth known to the law
abiding people of that reeion. Public sen
timent was aroused. Action was taken.
The machinery of the law .v:is mm in
motion, and now two of the principal
offenders siand under the condemnation
Of justice and others live in dread of an
equal penalty.
Ihe accomplishment of a ta*k of this
kind in the interests of law ami for the
protection of lift gOM far to vindicate the
press in the minds of intelligent men from
the charge of giving too much attention to
murder oases. Dad In Caxx not made
this exposure lawlessness would still be tri
umphant in Bound Valley. Honest, hard
working, peaceable men would Mill be la
danger of violent death at the ha.ids of
the reckless gangs, and homes now happy
might ere this have been da<-k«ned with
tragedies of murder and assassination.
The gang is broken. Justice is done.
Jack Littlefield has not died in vain, ami
the region once terror stricken will now
become as safe as any in California.
THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
The organization of the executive com
mittee of the Republican State Central
Committee was harmoniously effected yes
terday, and the- party is now virtually
ready to enter upon the active work of the
campaign. The gentlemen chosen as offi
cers of the committee can be relied upon
to work zealously for success. They are men
of known ability as organizers, and as they
will have the cordial support of all loyal
Republicans there can be no doubt the
canvass will be conducted with a degree of
energy that will assuro victory.
Whatever differences may have existed
in the party ranks over issues arising out
of the work of organization should now bo
laid aside. From this time on the watch
words will be "Close up and keep step."
It is time to act harmony a* well as talk
ing of it, for what has been done is the re
sult of earnest efforts toward allaying all
traces of factional dissensions and remov-
ing any causes for them that may have
existed.
Certainly it would be difficult for even
the most factious to rind now any reason
for further antagonism to the manage
ment and leadership whicn has thus
successfully bro-ght harmony out of the
discords which prevailed when the work
Of preparing for the campaign becan. It
is a cood omen of a coming victory that
every step thus far taken by tbe lead
ers of the party has been la the
direction of establishing unity in the ranks,
whereas under the old boss system divi
sions which began with the campaign aug
mented as it went on and weli-nigh split
the party before election day. In the new
order ot things all loyal Republicans will
rejoice, and the only rivalry hereafter will
be that of seeing which can do most for
patriotism, protection and prosperity.
THE HEW TRANSFER SYSTEM.
It is no doubt true, as General Manager
Vining mv*, that among 350,000 peoDle
there are always some who are dishonest,
but is t.iat any reason why the remaining
349.900 should be sorely inconvenienced or
made to pay double fare by Mr. Vining's
street railway T
Mr. Vining says that the new check or
retransfer ticket system at two of tbe about
sixty transfer points has already increased
the daily revenue of the road $75. which
means that there has been an average of
I.V.H) dishonest people detected and thoir
rascally business broken up at the two
point* alone. That is something of a re
flection upon the business integrity of the
patrons of the Market-street Company, the
more so because their swindling transac
tions never amount to more than 5 oenta
per transaction.
No doubt, in time the public will come
to understand the new complex and ag
gravating system ot transfer, but mean
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
while the road will gather in fares that its
charter denies its right to collect; and
when the public becomes familiar with the
present system, who will guarantee that
another device will not be adopted ?
In this matter Mr. Vining is simply
obeying the orders of his employers, and
(■, therefore, not the responsible cause of
the inconvenience that the public is being
subjected to. but all the same the new sys
tem is exasperating in the extreme.
WAGE-EA RNERS DEMAND IT.
Wagemen of the United States expect as
a mutter of course that the next National
administration, which no sane man thinks
will be other than Republican, will imme
diately legislate for their protection
against the unjust, unreasonable and ruin
ous competition of foreign wage-earners.
It would not be a Republican admistration
if itdid not do that. Ample but not alto
gether prohibitive tariff legislation is the
cli iff stone of tho corner of the principles
ot the Republican parly, and because it is
the industrial class is found in its ranks,
nor docs any one, friend or enemy, believe
that the party will fail in any particular to
fortify the country at every point where
foreign mill, factory or farm products are
likely to enter and destroy the rightful op
portunity of our own people to employ
their skill, brawn and brain.
But protection against hurtful industrial
invasion is not the only mission of the
Republican party. The question of money
to meet the requirement* of our protected
people is also an important one. It would
be impossible to secure the full measure of
the benefits contemplated by protective
legislation were the volume of money of
redemption inadequate.
It needs no argument to demonstrate
that proposition, for it is not only in itself
a self-evident fact, but experience in recent
years is overflowing with evidence that
th« demonetization of silver only serves to
cripple and curtail commercial traneac
tlons. This being true it would seem that
the sincere advocate of protection should
include in bit proposition such means aud
measures as would cause the greatest pos
sible good to accrue to the people by the
operation of protective legislation.
GrOM Utelf demonstrates its inability to
meet the redemption money needs of the
business interests of tue people, and be
cause the demand tor it is greater than its
ability to supply, it exacts a premium for
its use, which finally coraos out of UlO
pocketa of the great wage class. It is a
natural law of economics that the indus
trial or wage-earning class shall be the
iii>t to feel the effect of a money strin
gency and tbe last to recover from it, and
yet it is this class of the country's popula
tion who make possible the mill, the fac
tory, the farm, the store, the bank, the
railway, and, indeed, the Government it
self. Barely, then, this class have rights
and should have great influence in deter
mining \vli;it legislation is best for them.
Our wage-earners are in perfect accord
with the principle of industrial protection,
for they know very well how important
protective laws are to tiieir well being, but
they are no less determined that with pro
tection shall come provisions for a volume
ol r< demotion money that shall be large
enough at all times to supply their de
mand for it at its coin vahif, an<i not at
values that shift about at the bidding of
money speculators. Hence it is thai per
haps all of 90 per cent of the real pro
ducers oi this country demand that the
volume of the Nation's redemption money
shall be increased in an amount equal to
that which the free and unlimited coinage
of silver at the ratio of U> to I would make;
tliat the mints be kept open to the reception
of both metals, and tti.it (heir parity be
maintained as a —cred doty the Uovern
ment owes to the brain and the brawn of
the people who are the Nation's life and
hope.
It has come to this, then: Shall the
great industrial class, which really in
cludes all whose business interests do not
lead to Wall street, continue to be de
prived of asutlk-ient volume of redemption
money to supply their requirements, or
shall they be taken out of the clutches of
money-brokers, interest fiends, Wali-street
sharks and roid-bond syndicates by re
instating silver to its legitimate and time
honored place in the monetary tretem of
the country, which is its free and un
| limited coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1?
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
To-morrow'a edition of Tub Call
ptomisM to be particularly interesting.
There are novel features in it, and nothing
has been spared that could be done to
make it both attractive to the general
ro«der and valuable to tbe thoughtful
literary person.
One of tha many illustrated features is a
sketchy description of the vice of telephon
ing, the new telephone code for lovers,
ami the tribulations of the "crossed-wire
tiena."
"Nigiit Scenes on Sixth Street" io the
title of a characteristic piece of writing
that is superbly illustrated.
Professor Loomis, the noted ornitholo
gist, gives some valuable and novel infor
mation concerning the micrations of
marine fowl on the Pacific Coast. This
article is accompanied by views drawn
from instantaneous photographs.
There is another article descriptive of a
very picturesque North Beach character
who is famous as tbe man who never gets
angry, no matter how great the provoca
tion. Young athletes will be interested in
Baird's Sound Aavice to Sprinters, and
Miss Russell, in her usually graphic style,
gives good hints to those who wish to buy
horses.
There are several bright and new things
to Mirprise the cnildren. and in art, litera
ture and science there is even more than
the usual array of new and interesting fea
tures. And all this is but the briefest
kind of summary of Tin Sunday Call,
the bright and entertaining features of
which are by far too numerous to mention.
The conviction of the slayers of Jack
Littlefield is the direct result of the ex
posure by The Call of the deeds of the
desperate aud reckless gang which for so
long a time was a terror to the peaceable
people in and near Round Valley, and it
affords, therefore, a striking illustration
; if the value of a free, fearless and truth
speaking press to the ettM of justice and
the punishment of crime.
It is reported that a number ol leading
goldbugs in New York have arranged to
make a slump in stocks on Wall street as
soon as the St. Louis platform is reported
if it declares for bim tallism. the object
being to frighten the convention into
adopting a gold plank. The scheme
doesn't sound reasonable, but it may be as
well to look out for iv
If after the statement ot the Chief Jus
tice of England that Mrs. Maybrick is
innocent she is kept in prison simply in
accordance with a prejudice of the Queen,
there is very sure to be a popular outburst
on the subject. The British people are
not so loyal to royalty as all th&t comes to.
By this time even the Bourbon Demo
crats are ready to admit that as soon as
the free-trade theory became a condition
ii busted.
PERSONAL
Bruoo O'Bryon of New Almaden, is In town.
Senator J. H. Cleaves of Redding is in the
City.
S. H. Rice, an attorney of Ukiah, is at the
Grand.
Professor and Mrs. Lukamtandof Bremen are
at the Russ.
O. K. Lewia, a mining man of Butte, Mont.,
is at the Lick.
W. W. Cuthbert of Sacramento is in the City
for a brief visit.
William Floyd, owner of a general store at
Sonora, is In town.
J. G. Thoma will leave this morning for Paso
Robles Hot Springs.
P. Fahey.who is interested In southern mines,
is at the Cosmopolitan.
William B. Chapmen, manager of the Taylor
mine, is at the Occidental.
Captain R. 11. Pratt of the United States
army, Carlisle, Pa., is at the Palace. .
Howard A. Preston, a mining man of James
town, Tuolumne County, is in the City.
Johannes F. Eckart, superintendent of the
Queen's Hospital, Honolulu, is in town.
John Buckingham of the United States
Revenue Department, Ukiah, is at the Grand.
Dr. Madimesschumay of Paris, who has been
hero for some days past, left lor home yester
day. " w. ;.v;:'- \:.
J. B. Overman, superintendent of the Vir
ginia and Gold Hill Water Works, is at the
Russ.
Postmaster J. P. Cox of Folsom, is spending a
few days in the City, and is registered at the
Grand.
~Samuel Carr and 11. G. Nichols of Boston,
officers of the Union Pacific Railroad, are in
the City. ' -
J. 11. Coleman, editor of the Virginia City
(Nev.) Chronicle, was among yesterday's ar
rivals here.
United Stateß Judge W. B. Gilbert of Oregon
was among yesterday's arrivals. He is at the
Occidental.
L, U. Daniel, a wealthy rancher of Woodland,
with his family, is among the latest arrivals at
the Cosmopolitan. •
J. P. Mallerville of France, who represents a
French syndicate own lug mines at Grass Val
ley, is at the Grand.
Edmund Allen, a wealthy resident of Phila
delphia, is in the City accompanied by the
Illeaea Laura and Ella Allen.
General Yon Thiemen of the German army,
who has been on a visit to Monturey, has re
turned here and is at the Palace.
General Walter Turnbull, president of the
Gold Mining Exchange, will leave with an en- j
gineer for San Andreas to-morrow morning.
Dr. Joaquin Vela, the Guatemalan Consul-
Gonerdl at New York, has arrived here after a
brief visit to his home in Guatemala and is at
the Miratnor. . >
Sir Henry Deriug, British Minister to Mexico.
Lady Dering and their son. will arrive here on
Monday next, accompanied by Don Sebastian
Comachi, Mayor of Mexico City, and his wife.
Mrs. C. A. Brown, who owns large cocoanut
and cane plantations iv Hawaii and who is of
royal blood, is at the Occidental accompanied
by her two sons. She will be here for some
week".
Mrs. Edward Tcnny of Honolulu, whose hus
band is at the head ol the house of Castle &
Cook, has arrived here accompanied by her
two daughters and sister, Mrs. Noonan.
They are to remain five or six months.
L. F. J. Wrlnkel, for many years a prominent
mining and mechanical engineer on the Corn
stock Lode and afterward superintendent of
the Owens Lake Soda Works, Is in the City.
Mr. Wr:nkel expects to make his home in San
Francisco.
Samuel Jacobs of Soda Springs, thirteen miles
south of Summit station, on the Central Pa
cific, in the heart of the Sierras, is at the Russ.
He say* there Is a large amount of small game,
particular)' quail, there, with some deer, lots of
cinnamon bear and a few grizzlies. Timothy
Hopkins has a cabin there, built by old Mark
Hopkins, and he is to go up and occupy it in a
few days.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NF.W YORK. X. V., M»y i'l-At the Grand,
Mr*, v. P. Habbard, .i.e. tiaottda] cosmopol
itan, K. Hop; c; St. Denis, E. P. Sio«s,mi ; Hol-
Uini. \\. H. Allen; Hoffman, G. W. Williams
Q llMf, Mrs. M. \. HuMei: ; P:irk-avenue, Miss
o'Millivnn. Sailed per steamer Werria for
Genoa Vie Gibraltar, Mrs. J. BecLm&n.
A GROSVENOR POEM.
Hurrah for MrKlnley. McKinley:
Hurrah fur McKinley, MrKlnlur;
Hurrah for McKlnler, McKinley:
Hurrah for McKinley, McKiuiey.
lift* sot It. tie cot it, he's rot It:
He's got it. he'« cot it. tie's got it;
He's sot It, he's got it- lie's got It; . . v .;. ;
He's got it. he's got It, he's got iv
Hurrah for McKinlcv, he's got it:
Hurra), for McKloley. he's cot it;
Hurrah for McKiulry, he's trot It:
Hurrah for McKiuiey, hu's so. it.
Htirmli far Me— (rot— it, he'd Kinley;
Me- r..ii for HiirKlnley lies it:
(jut— rah for McKinley. he's h — It ;
McKinley for hurrah, got he'it It.
—New York Sun.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
When the sound-money Democrat calls to
see the golden-haired honest-mo-.iey belle, the
old man has the bulldog chained, and meets
the chcva'.ier a. the door with » finile; but the
silverite finds old Towser at tne gate, huncry
for pants, and the old man on the porch wear
ing No. 10 hoots that look like battering
rams.—Dallas New*.
The Missouri delectation which has come to
get the Tennessee convention to boost Silver
Dick Bland for the Presidency should 1101 be
disappointed. If the Democracy is to be
ru-hcJ to defeat for the benefit of the silver
mine owners, no man would suit better a* a
leader than Mr. Bland.— Nashville Banner.
Perhaps if McKinley were in the White
House New York easy bosses might be allowed
to stick their noses through the White House
fence and sniff from afar off the odor of the
fatted calf barbecued for other returning
prodigals. But even that is doubtful.— New
York World.
There are McKlnley shoes, McKlnley cravats.
McKinley hats.— Memphis commercial- Appeal.
Cravats, perhaps, and hats it well may be;
but shoes, never. A «boe has got to have
either a toe or a heel. And* its got to go either
forward, backward or sidewise.— New York
Sun.
Even If it needed them the Republican
party couldnH afford to hunt electoral votes in
the Rocky Mountains this year at the risk of
losing the electoral votes of New York, New
Jersey. Massachusetts. Connecticut and other
sound-money States.— Hartford Courant.
It is inconceivable that the editors of the
mugwump press of the country cannot discern
the manifest impropriety of a specific declara
tion by Major McKinley on the currency ques
tion at this time.— cnicago Times-Herald.
If McKinlev is such a howling gold man, is it
not about time to dissolve the McXinley silver
cornet band that has been on men an ex
tensive tour through tne West T— Memphis
Commercial-Appeal.
Brigadier-General Algerof Michigan can tell
a band-wagon us far as be can hear it, and as
soon as it k«u in sight he is ready to climb
right up ou the iront seat.— Minneapolis
Tribune.
It begins to look as if Mr. Cleveland in
taking in thos« £0,000 offices under the civil
servico had likewise "taken in" one W. F.
Harrity.— Chicago Press.
Sound money will be the slogan of the Reed
forces at tv Louis, and whoever the nominee
of tha convention may be, sound money will
win.— Banger News.
LGITIMATE JOURNALISM.
New York Newspaper Maker.
The Newspaper Maker is in entire accord
wi:h the S*n Francisco Call's view that a
newspaper should sell news and not books,
bicycles or baby carnages. It should aim to
give it* readers the value of their money in
fu'inets of its reports of trade, politics, society
ami an the abounding activities of life. If it
cannot give news enough to justify the charge
it makes it thould oaaae to call iwelf a newe
paper and solicit subscriptions only for Its
coupons and their chances.
The subject, however, has another aspect
that U too often overlooked. The press stands
in almost a confidential relation to business.
The newspaper and the merchant are allies.
They are of mutual helpfulness when each is
conducted ii. legitimate channels. When the
newspaper, however, combines iv press with a
junkshop and proceeds to issue coupons by
which people can get a cheap sort of books,
bicycles or baby carriages at prices
far below what good articles can be sold for
by men who have a reputation as honest mer
chants to maintain, then the press instead of
being the ally becomes the foe of the mer
chant.
Instead of building up trade it tends to de
moralize It, and not infrequently seriously in
jures business by introducing into a com
munity an overstock of cheap articles of one
kind or another that prevents the sales of the
merchant.
NO PROXY WANTED.
Boston Post.
The number of Republicans who vouch for
the soundness of Candidate McKinley's views
on the money question increases every day.
Governor Alger of Michigan, it id now an
nouueed, is coming East to add his testimony
to that of the rest.
But what the business interests of the East
want to know is not what Candidate McKin
ley's iriends have to say on this important
matter, but what McKinley has to say for him
self. This is not au affair that can be con
ducted by proxy. The principal must speak
up if he expects the public to listen.
The distrust of Candidate McKinley is well
founded. It is based upon hi 6 record and his
recent expressions, including the non-commit
tal Ohio platform. It can be dispelled only by
a frank, open aud square declaration by him-
The people have the right to demand that
any man who aspires to the candidacy for their
suffrages shall tell them what he really be
lieves.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE COMING CARNIVAL.
Some Suggestions Which if Followed
Will Hake It a Great Success.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
The invitation extended to societies and
organizations by the "Carnival of the Golden
Gate" committee was discussed by an associa
tion of which I am a member, and no action
was taken toward sending a representative of
the association to act in concert with that com
mittee. I will briefly state the reason for not
appointing such representative. While the
purpose of the carnival met with unanimous
approval and we considered that under proper
auspices it would be a grand celebration and
reflect credit upon our City yet, to fully carry
out the object of its creation, a different
method of initiating it must be adopted. We
have only to look back to the Midwinter Fair.
With a generosity unbounded and a unanim
ity seldom equaled the people of this City con
tributed and sustained that institution. On
the surface and to all appearances it was a
great success.
But to those who kept track of the financial
affairs of the exposition, the way in which the
prizes were handled, the questionable status of
some of the people Inch in the management, a
dark shadow ever presents itself and the idea
of ii responsible unofficial management is al
ways suggested. Our experience with the
Midwinter Fair will forever bob up when cele
brations of this kind are entertained. Now,
let us have the carnival. It will be a grand
thing for our City and in harmony with the
celebrations held in different towns through
out California of late years. But let it be of
such a character that every one can take part
and make it a thorough and complete success.
Let it have official orsumi-officia 1 indorsement.
Why not the Mayor in conjunction with the
Board of Supervisors take this matter in hand?
Let these officials appoint a committee ; then
let that committee extend invitations to the
different societies and organizations and in
that way start the carnival. If this method is
pursued we can have a grand, celebration — a!
celebration worthy of our City; one wherein
all will lend a helping hand; one that when
the carnival is over and a final accounting
called for, that every dollar contributed by
tho people will be shown to nave been put to
proper use and the aftermath will not put a
blot upon what would otherwise be a credit to
Californians. 1 write this with a hope that these
suggestions may result in the forming of a
committee built upon the basis herein out
lined. (banking you for the courtesy ex
tended in publishing these tew lines, i remain
respectfully yours
•:;.. : Letter Carrier.
NOT A SISTER OF LINCOLN.
Who the Recently Retired Postmis
tress of Elizabethtown, Ky., Is.
To the Editor of the San Franci*c> Call— Sin:
The report from Washington concerning Mrs.
Helm, the recently retired postmistress of
Kltzubethtown, Ky., is erroneous. Mrs. Helm
is not a sister of Abraham Lincoln, but Is a -i -
ter of Abraham Lincoln's wife. She was a Miss
Todd, and later the wife of Pen Hardln Helm,
commander ot the famous "Orphan Brigade"
of the Confederate army, and who was killed,
I think, at the battle of (.'hickamauga. Mrs.
Helm was first appointed postmistress of E>iza
beihtown, Ky.. 1 believe, DI President Arthur,
and has held the place until recently. Yours
truly, J. B. Qveen,
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Duchess of Portland is the tallest Duchess
In the world.
Signor Paolo Tosti has written nearly five
hundred songs.
The visiting card vised by the German Em
peror is four times the size of an ordinary one.
Verdi is a horse-breeder as well as a musi
cian. His paddocks on his country estate,
near Genoa, are among the finest in Italy.
Verdi has little music at home, and seldom vis
its the opera.
Sir William Morris, the poet, rejoices in the
possession of a prodigious memory. Given a
fair start on any sentence in Dickens' work he
will complete that sentence with very little de
viation from textual accuracy.
It is said that Swinburne has a memory al
most as wide-reaching as Macaulay "had.
Burne-Jones says that upon one occasion the
poet recited verbatim several pages of Milton's
prose, which he had read but once, and that
twenty years before.
One of the most popular members of the dip
lomatic corps of Berlin Is Viscount Siuzo Aoki,
the Japanese Minister to Germany, and now
also to England. He went first to Berlin ia
1573 as a secretary, and while there won the
hand of the Baroness Elizabeth yon Rahden,
the daughter of an old and nob'.e house.
BOY'S BLOUSE.
Made of cotton duck, Cheviot, galatea cloth,
brown hollands or the various heavy linens.
The above blouse is a garment much appreci
ated by the boys for its coolness and comfort.
It is made up -with eitr-er kilt skirts, long or
short trousers of the fame fabric, or to b« worn
with cloth skirt or trousers.
Made of flannel in dark colors it serves for
spring wear.
For little dots, suits of brown hollands or of
checked cotton cheviot, in bine or brown and
white, are made up with white piquet collars
and shield.
Plain brown holland are blue or brown de
nim are enlivened by anchors or stars worked
in whit* at the corners of collar and in the
center of shield, and the dot who aims to be
a jolly tar must havo a white cord like that
shown ia the illustration.
A NOTED CHICAGO DIVINE.
Lectures Before the Young Peo
ple's Presbyterian Asso
ciation.
Greeted By an Appreciat ye Audience
at the First Presbyterian
Church.
An appreciative audience filled the.
lecture-room of the First Presbyterian^
Church last evening to listen to an ad
dress by Rev. Alexander Patterson of
Chicago upon "The Testimony of Christ
to the Scriptures."
The lecture was tbe concluding one of a
series of lectures on Biblical history and
church doctrine held under the auspices
of the Young People's Presbyterian Asso
ciation, which is composed of the Christian
Endeavor and missionary societies of the
various Presbyterian churches of the
City.
Dr. Patterson, the guest of the evening,
is one of the leading Presbyterian divines
of Chicago. He has been traveling
throughout the country engaged in evan
gelistic work and took a prominent part
in the Christian Endeavor convention re
cently held at San Jose.
The doctor was introduced by Rev. Mr.
Bevier, president of the Presbyterian As
sociation, who. before presenting the
speaker, created considerable merriment
among the audience by calling for a
"Presbyterian composite!" the representa
tives of the different Presbyterian churches
shouting together the name of his or her
church.
Dr. Patterson is an excellent speaker.
His distinct articulation and eloquent
simplicity of speech cannot fail to impress
his hearers. In his address Dr. Patterson
took up three great questions that have
been raised in regard to tho Bible: Is it
authentic ? Is it true ? Is it inspired ?
In a simple but masterly manner the
doctor answered these three questions.
In the course of his remarks Dr. Patterson
said: "The reason why i believe in the
inspiration of the Bible is because Jesus
himself declared that it was inspired.
What is commonly spoken of now as
liberalism in regard to the acceptance of
the Bible, agnosticism as it is generally
known, is but the expression of the igno
ramus, the kuow-noihing.
".iLnostics argue that because certain
historical facts oi the Bible are unreliable
its ethical and moral teachings are there
fore not valid. We do not accept such ar
guments as this. What is good in the
Bible we accept; what isdoubeful we pass
over."
in addition to the address by Dr. Patter
son the following programme was excel
lently rendered, each piece being gener
ously encored:
Recitation, Miss Hartley; bass solo, Henry
A. Melvin ; alto solo, Miss Alice Partridge; reci
tation, John McCullough; soprano solo. Mrs.
Susie iiert Mark.
The appreciation with which the course
of lect-uies just concluded has been re
ceived, has encouraged its uromoters to
give another course, somewhat similar
during the coming winter. This course
will deal with questions of science, and
especially with tiie question of the origin
ol man.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
ONE OF 1831— C. C, Rio Vista, Cal. A half
doilar oi 1b34 is worth 50 cents, aud no more.
To Guatemala— G. H. C, City. The steamer
fare from San Francisco to Guatemala is $73.
You can obtain a pa«-spon by applying to the
"Department ot Stale, Washington," D. C. Pass
port Division.' ' The ice for a passport is $1.
s-ri.i.iVAN and Cokbitt— A. S., City. Sullivan
and Corbett fought twenty-one rounds in one
hour and twenty-three minutea at New Orleans
September 7, lsiJii, for the largest amount of
money that ever iK-j...-nded on a pr.ze-nght.
¥45.000 (purse $25,000 and stake !?2i>,000).
gJCIIMI B. Anthony— H. D. J., City. Susan B.
Ai.thony was at one time the publisher ot a
paper called "The Revolution," an advocate of
the rights of women aud suffrage for both
sexes, and it was edited by the publisher and
Parker Plllsbury. It afterward passed into
other hands and out of existence. That was
the only paper Mis* Auihouy published.
Normal School Certificates— W. a. M., Perm
Grove, Sonoma County, Cal. The board of
trustees of the Normal School in California
may issue to pupils who worthily complete the
full course of study and training a diploma of
graduation which shall entitle the holaer to
a grammar-grade certificate from any city
city and county orcouuty Board oi Education
in the State.
Moon- and Weather— a. C. F., City. The in
fluence of ttie moon in causing tides has long
been known, and there is some reason for sup
posing that she produces a similar effect on the
atmosphere, combining with other causes in
the generation of winds. These winds, which
I prevail about the time o£ tne new and full
moon and at the vernnl and autumnrl equi
noxes, are practically ascribed to her influence.
Battle-Ships— R. G. F., Santa Cruz, Cal. The
statistics given of foreign navies are up to De
cember, 1595. At thai time England had
19 first-class battle-ships, 5 second and 3 third
class; France 16 first, 10 second and 4 third
class; German Empire 5 first class, 5 second
and* third class; Italy 6 first and 4 second
class, and Russia 13 first class and 1 third
class. The battie-ships of the United States are
all firjt-i'lass vessels, and are the Indiaaa,
lowa, Maine.Massachusetts, Oregouand Texas.
Bonds— P. S., City. Section 3700 of the Re
vised Statutes of the I'uited States provides
that the Secretary of the United Suites Treas
ury may purchase coin with any of the bonds
of the United States, authorizedby law, at such
ra:es and upon such term* as ht may deem
most advantageous to th» public interest when
an emergency exists. The President of the
tnited Slates does not issue bonds, but Con
gress has riven authority 10 the Secretary of
the Treasury to borrow money and issue
bonds.
Ttg-of-Wab-F. J. H., City. There were two
tugs-of-war in the Mechanics' Pavilion iv this
City. The following is the official declaration
ot the result of the last one, which closed No
vember 2, 1891:
_ - Per
i .? ms v. won. Lost. Cent.
1-Scoiland 6 0 1.000
Denmark 6 i . 857
S-Oermauy.. 5 a , 714
4— lreland 3 3 .600
CHCTtCHts is xkw Yoek— A; S. G., City. There
are 453 churches I n the city of New York, di
vided as follows: Baptist 52, Congregational
12, Disciple of Christ S, Evangelical 4, Friends
2. Jewish 57. Lutheran 25, Methodist Episco
pal 62, Methodist Episcopal (African) 4, Pres
byterian 63, tenant Episcopal SB, Reformed
Church in America '.19, Reformed Church in
the United States 4. Reformed Episcopal 1
R/!oriaed Presbyterian 4, Roman Catholic S6.
Lniurian 3, United Presbyterian Universal
lists 3, other denominations 46.
The First Pujco— F. 8., City. Who is the
one entitled to the hoaor of bavins; invented
the first piano is a matter ol uncertainty, tor
the idea was conceived by three persons in dit
ferent part.-, of Europe at about the same time.
These were Scroetcr. a German organist, Mar
ius, a French harpischord-maker, and B*rtv>
lomeo Chrlstofoli, a harpUchori-maker of
l'aaua. A piano by the last named was known
to exist in 1820, and one made by the same
artisan in 1< £6 is in Kraus' Museum in Flor
ence The upright Piano was invented by an
Englishman named Hancock, a manufacturer
of musical instruments.
Bo.ntjs-W. A. J.. City. If by the question.
•'Has the United States borrowed money within
the past three or four years from England?"
you mean borrowed money from the English
Government, the answer is no. On the 3th
day of February. l<*9.\ John G. Carlisle, Secre
tary of the Treasury, purchased through
August *$} m ? li * Co. of New York on lehaii
ofVM. RothscaUd A Sons of London. Ens.,
and themselves, and through J. i*. Morgan &
Co.ot>ew\ork on behalf of J. S. Morwn A
1.0. of London and themselves, 3,300.000 in
gold, for which bonds were issued.
The Poppt— "Opium," City. The poppy from
which the opium of commerce is extracted is
tne papver somniferum. sometimes called the
common poppy and sometimes called the white
poppy. The plant is a native of some of the
warmer parts of Asia, Uwusa n ia now com
mon in cultivated and waste grounds through
out all Southern and Middle Europe and is
found occasionally In England. The cultiva
tion of the poppy for opium is carried on In
many parts of India, though the chief district
is a large tract on the Ganges. The poppy is
also extensively cultivated for opium in the
Asiatic province of Turkey, in Ejjypt and in
Persia.
Her Golden Hair— An Actress, City. "Her
Golden Hair Was Hanging Down Her Back"
was sung in "Aladdin Jr.," produced by the
Henderson Company. No one was forbidden to
sing tha song, but it was suggested that the
play would be just as good without it, and tha
suggestion was acted upon by the manage
ment.
Midsummer— R. F., City. In the United States
the warmest months of the year, also in Can
ada, are June, July and August, nnd are called
the summer months. In Great Britain tha
summer months are May, June and July. Gen
erally speaking summer in the United States
commences on the Ist of June and in Great
Britain on the Ist oi May. Midsummer is the
period of the summer solstice— the 21»t of
June— which astronomically is the beginning
of summer. Specifically midsummer is on tho
24th of June, the feast of the Nativity of 8t
John the Baptist. On midsummer's eve, or tha
eve of St. John the Baptist's day, it was the
custom in former times to kindle firei, calKd
St. John's fires, upon hills in celebration oi
summer solstice.
"On midsummer's day next," the damsel said,
•'Which is June the 24th." —Child's Ballads.
CURRENT HUMOR.
Fanny Peterby— Mamma, Tommy can stand
on his head so nice. May I stand on my head?
Mrs. Peterby— lt is not nice for a little girl
to stand on her head.
Fanny (with a sigh)— Then I suppose I'll
have to wait until I'm a big girl. — Texas Sifter.
Teacher— Are there many cities in Russia?
Bright Pupil— Well, there used to be. In
Napoleon's time they had cities to burn.—
Truth.
"Your wife seems anxious to be up to date,
Tugby."
"Up to date? She's 'way ahead; she's got a
lot of trouble borrowed for year alter next."—
Chicago Record.
When a man gets to talking about how far
be can ride on a bicycle he lies as easily at tha
man who tells how cold it was the winter he
lived in Wisconsin. — Atchison Globe.
Teacher— How many weeiis in the year,
Tommy Timkins?
Tommy— Only fifty this year.
Teacher— You know very well that there are
fifty- two.
Tommy— N'o'm; not this year. Pa says he's.
going to take two weeks off.— Roxbury Gazette.
Cumso— l'd like to see a photograph of a
cloud made with the cathodic ray.
Cawker— Why?
Cumso— I'm suspicious about the silver lin
ing.—Detroit Free Press.
"I notice," observed Uncle Allen Sparks,
"that Edisou has procured 711 patents in the
last twenty-five years, and still there isn't a
corn cure worth having." — Chicago Tribune.
Read the Stab. 5 cents. •
• —* •
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
. —• —-♦ —•— ——
Soft baby cream, 15c pound, Townsend's. •
•• — —«
Soft chewing molasses candy. Townsend's.*
■ —• —» ■»
Feesh buttercups, 25c a pound. Tovrnsend's.*
• —♦ »
Thirty years ago a lad named Edwards
started out from his home in Winchester, Ky.,
to go fishing. The other week he came back
with the same tishpole over his shoulder that
he started out witn, but without any fish. He
had never been seen by his friends during the
interval.
Genuine eyeglasses, 15c, 87'< Fourth St., near
barber, Sundays, 738 Market ikast shoe store)*
•—• —• —•
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
Red-hot A. P. A. article. To-day's Star. •
» ♦ »
No over-cbowded boats and trains by noisy
Sunday picnics on the X. P. C. R. R. via Sau
salito ferry, it being reserved for families and
private parties. . •
"• "• ~i " * * ♦ '» —__l_-=.'"''
Strangers, take home Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market, Palace Hotel.
» ♦ —«
Fearless and FREE. The Star, 5 cents. •
1 Read Barry's "Star." ■
It tells the truth. Is fearless and just. In
to-day's edition BURKE FLAYS THE BANKS.
SIEBE'S INDICTMENT IS DEMANDED.
Archbishop Ireland's views of war strongly
opposed. The A. P. A. bigots roasted. Heroic
measures against Czar Vining. A court to
shield crime. McKinley's bad position, etc. •
During Queen Victoria's absence from Wind
sor an elaborate system of private telephones
was installed at the castle, connecting it with
the postoffice, railway station, Marlborough
House, Buckingham Palace, etc.. and this
system is being extended to the Government
offices, Balmoral Castle and Osborne House.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
via Union Pacific.
nvTV 31^ DAYS TO CHTCAGO-3Vi
"■*•» 41^ DAYS TO NEW YORK-41,4
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, dally without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago,
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran-
I Cisco to Chicago, dally without change, and per
j sonally conducted tonrlst excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
JO. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
• * •
Stanford Excursion.
Join our Stanford Excursion, which leaves San
Francisco »l 7 p. it. Thursday, the 2Sth last., via
Northern Pacific uailroad. Special cars, stopping
at the Yellowstone Park. T. K. Suteler. General
Agent, b'3S Market street, S-*a Francisco.
So Safer ok more Efficacious Revkdt can
be had for Coughs, or any trouble of the throat,
than " £rmcn'* BroncAiai Troche*."
Tax fashionable ladies' corrective tonic Is Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned SoaU)
American invJgorator.
HEW TO-SAT:
REAL ESTATE
FOB SALE BY
Tlios. lap & Sods,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers •■Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
TOW t&tsi BClLDlifi, owe. nun.
XKTT rKOPERTT.
IVrroanMil *%:*t front of 375 feet; Berry at.: 3
corners: tW&tTft; easr :»>r:tis.
t>*n*oaa* «i-. rut Market: large lot aod brick
tv.HMinc : real *3&0: low prtc*.
l\v>» «! . V »M*, near LeAvers worth ; lain lot and
lmj-i\>TTf>:-.\ent». ?9-jmx
t^OcttO* »c.l Clay : corner; 55x68:9; rents $106:
f&«Mt atarai »:.. N. side. tx.t. Second »ad
Tt\\»\i W\m\ and couture 6 rooms.
Mkt kMM «: . K. ■»•; unobstructed view; bee
la«vpl *f,a Uvust; 50x127:5; 96000
I'MUrirfc.* wide street: lot 25x100: 51000-
-w« Full*** aad McAllister st. cars. * '
r»ylnc and Other Investment*.
1 lg L* u : ,, b ?" °l«al« lnve*:iawjt; lane
lot and brick outldJne: rents $585- $95 000
Downtown oriels , bulKlin*. renwd to ooe'tsaiu
?; *£» " *- M; 1 ** l «*- X - « *~*«
Rents $26$ 50; price «*°«>: 44 feet front;
Clay st.. near Bansome: large lot and bultdin*
$^a£TMin busia '* a te^Km*^? K^mmar
»«O. $9J,000: oa a progressive s:x«*t X. ol M*r-
£22»*' corn « : Win* #500 a month. *"
$155;#3&ba Gr * Bt aT *" : 23 feet fro 3:: « n "
T^n?.?**" ncr : 2 S feet front; r*n:s *123; near
v k*** 1 , Pedu «^> IOSI9.tHXV
tni "* k Investment; large lot and brick boiid-
hnvSfr, 1 -^- 01 ! 01 on G **"?' *-: 5 0 «»«t front and
mak^eSej?^ b!Ocka troja *«*•»«.! ♦51,500;SATURDAY MAY 23, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
BAi.rwnr Thxatkr. — "School for Scandal."
California Thkatkk— "A Trip to Chinatown."
Coi-mniA Thiatir- "Miss Harum S-carnm."
Moßoeco's Opkra-Houkk— "Jack Cade."
Trvox-i Opkba-Housk.— "Uncle Tom s Cabin "
Orphfdi- Higii-ciass Vaudeville.
Harbok View Park.- Twentieth Annual Pic
ric of th<' Fisherman's Benevolent Association,
(Sunday, May 24.
central Park.— Bicycle Races.
Elmo Cosey Island— Bathing and Perform
■nrw
Shoot this Chttes- Daily at Halght street, one
Hock east of the Park.
Blair Park (Oakland).— Balloon Ascension
end Parachute Jump, ssunoay, May l>4.
Dog Show— At Mills' Tabernacle, Twelfth and
Webster streets, Oakland
Bay District Track— Races.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Cruz Mountain's.— The
First Anniversary Kxiursion and Family Picnic
ofthe Cnion Printers' Mutual Aid Society will b«
held on Thursday, May 28, at Glenwood Par*.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. T. Keelkr— This day (Saturday), Rare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Kearny street, at 2f.ii.
By H. J. Lkvtholtz— This day (Saturday)'
Clothing, Art Goods, etc., at 781 Market St.. at 11
o clock.
By O'Fabrell A Co.— Monday, May 25, Real
y.i state, at 11 Montgomery st., at 7:30 p. if.
By Shainwald. BrcKBEB <fc Co.— Wednesday,
May 27, Real Kstate, at salesroom, 218 Mont
gomery ytrevt, at I' 2 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
H.G. Eggers, a California pioneer, died yes
terday at his residence after a short illness.
The Finance Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors is investigating the City and County
Hospital.
The Supreme Court has decided that the
purity of election laws do not apply to primary
elections.
The ninth annual session of the Ladles'
Branch, Foresters of America, will be held in
Oakland June 3.
The pupils of the Pacific Heights School held
a fair yesterday to raise funds for a bed in the
Children's Hospital.
There are now fifty-one deep-water vessels In
port, thirty-six of which are disengaged— a big
idle floating tonnage.
The Grand Lodge, Knights of Pythias, ad
journed their annual session lastnigivt to meet
at Hanford next year.
A. J. C'lunie has filed an accusation against
the Assessor, charging him with perjury for
having sworn he had done his duty.
Murderer Blanther is known to have escaped
as far ay El Paso. Governor Budd has offered
$1000 reward for his capture and conviction.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin clubs gave
a concert last night in the new auditorium,
under the management of the associated stu
dents.
The Supreme Court yesterday filed a deci
sion denying the appeal of the Blythe Com
pany from the order of distribution to Florence
P>iythe.
The Kmporium opened last evening to a
throng of invited euests for the initial electric
illumination. To-day it will ooen to the public !
for inspection.
Judgment was obtained yesterday by Rev.
c E. .lackFon against "the First Africnn
Methodist Epi>copal Zion Church for $!2'23 85
lor unpaid salary.
Arrangements have almost been completed
by the George H. Thomas Post. G. A. R., for
Memorial day service at the National Ceme
tery in the Presidio.
Frank Skinner, a bookmaker, was arrested
last night for assault with a deadly weapon,
aud Ptul Rigler, another bookmaker, for in
terfering with an officer.
The Councils of the Junior Order of Mechan
ics will give an entertainment in Odd Fellows'
Rail to-night to raise funds for the society's
proposed orphans' home in Ohio.
Two out of six favorites captured races at the
Bay District, yesterday. The winning horses
were: Verdette, Morven, Charles A, Sweet
William, George Miller and Favory.
'ieorge Ryan, a young actor, was arrested
last night on the charge of disturbing the
peace on McAllister and Fillmore streets,
where the young lady whom he loves resides.
T. H. rurley hus answered the suit of W. B.
Leonard, charging him with fraudulently al
lowing a judgment to be had against him. He
.it- judgment complained of was a good
one.
Fred Garcia, Deputy Marshal of Sausallto,
who was arrested for failing to provide for his
wife and rive children, compromised matters
yesterday by agreeing to pay them $20 a
month.
Alexander Patterson, D. D., a prominent
yteruuD divine from Chicago, delivered an
address at the First Presbyterian Church last
nicht on ''The Testimony of Christ to the
s riptures."
It seems that the public schools are now vir
tually out of politics. The reforms in the tak
iiitr of the annual school census and in the
••summation and appointment of teachers lead
to this conclusion.
The British bark Sharpshooter, which was
-:-.<l in a fierce gale off tne Mexican coast
*«r, has been repaired and is now the
American barken tine Samoan. She will trade
in tiie South Pacific.
11. H.Somers wanted a warrant yesterday
f: r the arrest of L. H. F. McKee, a stockbroker,
on the charge of felony embezzlement, but
Jud*e Conlan adjourned court before Warrant
< i'.rk Seamore had written it out.
lark Policeman James Dow was convicted in
Judge Low's court yesterday of the charge of
threatening to kill Osmund G. N'eilson, a milk
maij, living at 1122 York street, and was
ordered to appear for sentence to-day.
The fiftieth anniversary of the raising of the
bear flag in California wiil be celebrated June
13 at Sonoma, where the flag was first raised.
The orginal emblem will be loaned by the
Pioneers' Society and run ud in the plaza,
Josephine E. Wells is again suiug Ana H.
Wells for maintenance. She sued him once be
fore, but she came back to him again. On
Aj.ril 30 last, however, s-he says he agaiu lletf t
her, and now she wants $80 a month alimorjy
in earnest.
President Harrison D. Barrett of the Na
tional Spi'itualists' Association of Washing
ton, D. C, arrived in this City yesterday and
:- staying at the St. Nicholas. His mission to
the West is to promote organization and to
induce societies not yet affiliated with it to
ioin the National association.
FAIR GRADUATES.
Nearly a Score of Young Ltdipi Bid
Farewell to School.
It was a charming sight that greeted the
visitor to the auditorium of the Y. M. C. A.
building last night. A rich maroon-col
ored drop curtain framed in huge sprays
of evergreens and palms served as a back
ground to a score of white-robed young
ladies seated on the stage in a semi-circle
parallel to the footlights, while the latter
were literally transformed into a bank of
flowers a foot and a half high along their
entire extent.
The occasion was the graduating ex
ercises of Miss Lake's school, and the
friends and relatives of the fair graduates
tilled the hall. The graduating class con
sisted of the following, the last five being
special students :
Elizabeth Cahoone, Ethel Faulkner, Fidelia
Furber, <"armen Melindez, Rose Newmark,
Rose Newman, Emma Rohte, Aimee Steinhart,
Kllen Vining, Minnie Ray Wilson. Beatrice
Welsh, Theodora Winters, Ariel Wright, Ruth
Hyman, Elena Melendez, Flora Reis«, Annabel
Vining, Kugenia Ware.
This was the programme, and it was
creditably rendered:
Prayer, Rev. William Hall Moreland ; Ger
man recitation, "Nathan der Weise," act 111,
scene 2, Miss Ruth Hyman; piano solo, valse,
A-fiat major, od. 34 (Chopin), Miss Elena Me
lendez: Latin recitation, "Grief of Niobe"
(Ovid Metainopheses), Miss Minnie Ray Wilson:
pinno *010, ballade, op. 47 (Chopin), Mis>s
Elizabeth Cahoone; Greek recitation. "Parting
of Hector and Andromache" (Iliad, book VI).
Miss Elien Vining; piano solo, "Tarentelle,"
op. 27, No. ll(Moskowski), Miss Carmen Me
lendez; address and presentation of diplomas,
William Greer Harrison; benediction, Rev.
Wiiliain Hall Moreland.
Battered a Conductor.
R. kittle, a retired sea captain, appeared in
Judge Low's court yesterday to answer a charge
of battery preferred by'C. F. Dormer, conductor
of a Post-street car. On Monday Little got a
transfer at Post and Montgomery street* to a
bobtail car. He became impatient at the de
lay and quarreled with Douner, finally hitting
him over the head with hh. cave. He wa* con
victed and will be sentenced to-day.
NEWS OF THE
WATER FRONT
Evolution of the British
Iron Bark Sharp
shooter.
A RELIC OF THE STORM.
She Is Now the Pretty Little
American Barkentine
Samoan.
IDLE FOREIGN SHIPS IN PORT.
The Opinion of a British Master Is
That There Is Too Much
Tonnage Afloat.
The American barkentine Samoan of
this port will start about the sth of next
month for a voyage among the South Sea
Islands. The vessel's name is a new one
and the Samoan herself is almost in the
same condition.
A few months ago she came limping
into harbor at the end of a tug's towline,
badly wrecked among her spars in a Mex
ican coast gale. She bad lost most of her
masts, all of her yards but two, besides
being otherwise damaged around the rails.
However the Sharpshooter, that was her
name then, had an iron hull that was as
sound as a dollar, and while a terrible
storm of weeks biew over the severely
tried little bark not a drop of the wind
driven waves ever entered her seams.
Captain Watts, wife and three small
children were aboard at the time, and
when the vessel was finally moored safely
in this bay they were completely ex
hausted from their long siege of dreadful
storm. Not feeling able to incur the heavy
expense of having the Sharpshooter re
paired by fretting her a new set of spars
and rigging, Captain Watts sold her at
auction. She was purchased by J. F.
Cunningham, a grocer doing business at
the foot of Clay street, who fitted her up
as a barkentine. Her former iron main
mast now does duty as the foremast. This
was the only mast that the storm left her,
the others being somewhere down under
the Padfic.
Two yards remained with the Sharp
shooter through all the tierce blow, and
they are the upper and lower foretopsail
yard of the Samoan. The decks, bulwarks
and houses have been repaired, and she is
a stanch, swift little vessel, her change of
rig from a bark to a barkentine making her
a better sailer and easier to handle.
The Samoan will be commanded by Cap
tain C. B. Kustel, an old ana experienced
navigator iimon? the South Pacific isl
ands. In 1880 he took the little twenty
eight ton schooner Pearl from this port
across the ocean to Singapore and re
turned, being absent something over two
j years.
There are now fifty-one deep-water ves
sels in Dort, Contra Costa and Sausalito,
of whom thirty-six are disengaged. This
represents about 77.898 tons, against 15,470
tons this time last year. Many of the for
eign craft will, in all probability, be de
tained here for a long time before they get
a charter.
Speaking of the great number of idle
deep-water? a ship captain recently stated
to a newspaper representative tuat there
was too much tonnage afloat.
"Sailing vessels, especially English, are
eating their heads off," he said, ll ana the
steamers are ruining their owners."
His own vessel, one of the largest and
best British ships in this port, had not
earned a dollar over her expenses since she
was launched four years ago.
"I would not take the best ship in this
harbor to-day as a gift," said he, "if 1 had
to run her myself. I would know that I
would not clear a cent and have all the
risks on my hands. And yet the British
shipyards are all the time . turning out
new ships. But they are doing it cneaply
at about £7 or £8 per ton. Ships are a
poor property now. There is the Blair
more under your bay. She will cost
probably not as much as she was built for.
but much more than she was worth when
she capsized. If she were mine I'd give
her to the junk man as she lies. The pay
ing days of ships are over, and they have
now become the poorest property in the
I world."
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE.
Resolution* Indoruine the Leadership
, of John I>- Spreckels Adopted.
The Continental League met last night,
when 110 new members were elected, mak
ing a total so far of 750. So large has the
membership become a committee was ap
pointed to procure a large hall, where per
manent headquarters will be established
for the coming political battle.
The following resolutions were adopted
by the league:
Whekeas, Party success is best indicated by
party unity and in order to maintain this every
method should be resorted to consistent with
those principles of respect for the opinions of
others tc the end that the fullest expression of
opinion may oe obtained for the best interests
oi the country and the preservation of sound
Republican government; therefore, be it
Resolved, That this league indorse the action
of our late Republican State Convention in the
selection of delegates to the National Conven
tion, to be held in St. Louig, and in instructing
them to vote and work for the selection of
William McKinley, tho ablest and most pro
nounced advocate of protection to American
labor, for President ot the United States. And
be it farther
Resolved, That In the leadership of John D.
BDreckels the Republicans of San Francisco
recognize a man of unblemished integriiv and
one who has shown his fellow-citizens that his
desire to lead tne party to success is entirely
Xnr the good and welfare of the citizens in gen
eral and for the elevation of the Republiciin
party out of the corrupt rut of mercenary boss
rule in which it had heretofore been run. Aad
that it is the duty of every good Republican to.
in every way and manner, assist Mr. Spreckels
in his lofty desire to so elevate the party that
when it shall be crowned with success we of
the Continental League, with others of our
fellow-Re-publicans, shall with heartfelt thanks
give due credit to him for our dignified politi
cal standing as a party.
Short speeches brimful of enthusiasm
were made by Chairman Worth, Secretary
Asher, Colonel Eddy, Captain F. Bell,
John Gilson, County Committeeman A. a!
Louderback, D. C. Smith, Will E. Fisher,
Hugh Fraser and others, after which the
league adjourned.
The Gentle Art of Dramatic CrlticUm.
When renowned and high-priced theatri
cal organizations visit large cities hun
dreds of theater-goers will forego evening
amusements for several week* previous,
setting aside the dollars saved so as to
meet the advanced prices. At this time
criticisms of the performances, written by
a critic whose opinions they value, is read
with avidity. Not only because they ap
predate its literary brilliancy and timeiy
wit, but as a guide to tne performance.
The dramatic criticisms appearine in the
News Letter are so p. quant, forceful ami
just that thousands of extra copies are
sold whenever a theatrical attraction of
distinction visits this City. We predict an
enormous sale for the News Letter to-day
on account of this feature alone, to say
nothing of its other zestful columns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
The American Barkentine Samoan, Formerly the British Bark Sharpshooter, Recently Dismasted on
SIEBE CHARGED
WITH PERJURY.
A. J. Clunie Again on
the Trail of the
Assessor.
HIS NEW COMPLAINT.
He Says That Official Swore
to an Affidavit Which
Was False.
DISPUTE OVER SIEBE'S DUTY.
Judge Wallace Will Hear Evidence
on the Charge Next
Monday.
Another move has been made against the
Assessor, this time in ihe form of a crimi
nal proceeding charging him with perjury.
The charge is based on the same state of
facts which has furnished the basis of the
other actions brought by A. J. Clunie. The
Market-street railway's assessment is the
cause of it all. After applying for a writ
of mandate to compel him to do his duty,
and then applying for his removal. Clunie
is now charging the Assessor with perjury
for swearing to having" done his duty
when the Market-street railway assess
ment remained at $3,000,000.
In making complaint Mr. Clunie charges
as follows:
That on said 20th dar of July, 1895, and
after the completion of said assessment-book
at the City and County of San Fruncisco, .-^tate
of California, said John I). Siebe a? sue!,
Assessor appeared before the Hon. Jamps M.
Troutt. who then and there was a duly elected,
qualified and acting Judge of the' Superior
Court, and who as such then and there had
authority to administer such oath, and then
and there before said Hon. James M. Troutt as
John D. Siebe, the Assessor, Accused of Perjury by A- J. Cinnle.
such Judge, after the administration to him
by said Judge of an oatii, did willfully, cor
ruptly, falsely and feloniously subscribe, de
pose, "wear and make oath to the truth of a
certain affidavit and the matters and things
tnerein contained, said affidavit so subscribed
and sworn to being then and there ; entered
upon siiid assessment-book and being in words
and figures as follows:
"I, John v. Siebe, Assessor in and for the
City and County of San Francisco, do swear
that between the first Monday in March and
the first Monday in July, 1895, 1 have mnde
diligent inquiry and examination to ascertain
all the property within the City and County
aforesaid subject to assessment by me, and
that the same has been assessed in the assess
ment book equally an 1 uniformly according to
the best of my judgment, Information and be
lief, at its full cash value, and that I have
faitnfully complied with all the duties im
posed on" the Assessor under the revenue laws,
and that I have not imposed any unjust as
isessment through malice or ill-will, nor al
lowed any one to escape through favor or re
ward. (Signed) John D. Sihbe."
the Mexican Coast.
Continuing the complaint states that |
this affidavit sworn to by Siebe is false.
because be has not made diligent inquiry,
Dor had he assessed all the property at its ,
full cash value. The Market-street assess
ment is once more mentioned as an in
stance of property not assessed at its full
value and with that as a basis the assessor
is charged with perjury for having sworn
that he had dene his duty.
The complaint was filled with Judge
Wallace yesterday morning and at once it
was served on the Assessor. He responded
immediately with Joseph Xaphtaly and
Chief Deputy Assessor Herzer.
He said he was ready to have the case
come up any time at all, so it was set for
Monday morning. Judge Wallace then
fixed the Assessor's bail at $1000, and with
out more ado Naphtaly and Herzer went
on his bond.
This is a more serious proceeding than
the ones first brought against the Assessor.
InitJu'ltze Wallace will sit on Monday
as a committing magistrate, and should
he hold the Assessor for trial, there can be
no appeal until the case has been decided.
In the former cases the Supreme Court
stopped proceedings, but in the present
one it cannot interfere until the Super
ior Court has pronounced judgment.
IROQUOIS INSTRUCTED.
They Listen to a 1-ecture on Prefer
ential Voting-
At the meeting of the Iroquois Club last
nij-ht it was determined to arrange for
the installation of the newly organized
Iroquois Club of Sacramento on the even
ing of June 15, the night before the Demo
cratic State Convention is called to order.
By selecting this date it is erpectt-d to
have a large attendance at the function.
A committee was appointed to attend
the pure food convention to be held in
this City on May 26, and the rest of the
evening was devoted to listening to Alfred
fridge's explanation and demonstration
of the proportional and preferential voting
method.
EVENTS IN THE WATER.
' Champion* to Meet in Sutro Baths To-
Day and To-31orrow.
The swimming championship meeting
comes off to-day and to-morrow at Sutro
Baths. The programme is full of incident,
and all the races have numbers of entries.
The diving exhibition will be the best and
most varied ever seen here. The First
Regiment Band will give a concert be
tween events. The programme for Satur
day afternoon and evening is as follows:
Afternoon— length, open to all amateurs;
trapeze Hying by the champion divers of the Pa
cinc I oust walking creasy pie ;50-yard rate, juve
nile, open to all amateurs; high diving by Profes
sors Daua Thompson and 1). Green; and members
of the* Shu Francisco Swimming Club: chariot
race, one length : clothes race, each competitor to
be fully dressed; fancy diving by San Francisco
1 Swimming Club, 220-yard race for professionals.
Evening— "Grand Lantern March." burlesque
boxing t>y the aquatic gladiators, walking greasy
pole, 220-yard race, championship of San Fran
cisco, open to all amateurs: trapeze flying by
members of the San Francisco Mwimming Club:
50-yaxd juvenile, open to all amateurs; hlgbdivln^
100-yard championship race, open to all ama
teurs, chariot race, high diving by members of the
Francisco Swimming Club, 100-yard race,
handicap, open to all amateurs: Kraud game of
waier polo, San Francisco vs. Stockton.
Stabbert a Follow Workman.
John Carr, a laborer, was arrested last
evening by Policemen Beamer and Hol
man and detained at the Southern police
station on a charge of assault to murder.
Carr stabbed » man named William Kiley
at the corner of Third and Bryant streets
on the 14th inst. and eluded the officers
until yesterday.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE EMPORIUM
OPENS ITS GATES
From This Day It Will
Rank as One of San Fran
cisco's Institutions.
ONE OF THE GREAT
STORES OF THE WORLD
Initial Illumination Last Evening
Drew a Great Throng of
Invited Guests.
DAZZLING DISPLAY OF WHITE
AND LIGHT AND BEAUTY.
The Doois Will Be Opened to the Pub
lic To-Day to Look and Listen,
but Not to Buy.
To-day San Francisco has its "EmDori
um," Chicago has its Siegel <fe Cooper,
Boston has its Jordan <fe Marah, Philadel
phia has its Wanamaker, New York has
its Bloominsdales. And the greatest of
these is The Emporium.
There may be, to be sure, a shade of ad
vantage in the matter of bulk for som'"
one of these others, but it is a question i{ l
in the whole world there may be found a
finer commercial establishment than is
opened this morning to the people of San
Francisco. Outside it wears the appear
ance of greatness in its wide imposing face
of stone, its dignity of style, its big
rounded columns, its squared windows, its
ample and beautiful entrance. Inside it
wears the appearance of greatness in its
reaches of space, its light ana air and
am plitude, its wide whiteness, its long
avenues, its great central dome.
From this day — the day that it opens —
when visitors asK what there is to be seen
in San Francisco the self-satisfied resident
will answer, "There is the City Hall and
The Emporium and the bay and the ocean."
Those four form a class.
The architect of the I'arrott building has
done well to his purpose — the purpose of
the Emporium Company. He nas let day
light into the bie building and with the
rotunda, capped by that noble dome
through which the sunlight comes, serving
as a central pivot, he has made possible a
most effective and convenient arrange
ment of all the abundant and infinitely
varied display that is to be presented under
this one roof.
If repetition will serve to emphasize, it
may besaid again that no other commer
cial house in the cities of the world pre
sents a more imposing and attractive
ensemble than this that to-aary becomes
one of the institutions of San Francisco.
To-day it will be thrown open to the
public for inspection. The ceremony will
be conducted on that same plane of big- j
ness, openness, dignity, tnat runs through
the woof of "The Emporium" idea. Tne
gates will be opened, the wnole City and
its guests will be made welcome, to look
and listen and enjoy.
| |Stationed in'the elevated band stand in
the rotunda The Emporium orchestra will
make music worth going to hear, and the
sight, be assured, is worth going to see.
Last night the electric lights were turned
on for the first time in the big store and
the event was made the occasion of a I
special reception to newspaper men and
the singl d oat and invited guests of the
Emporium Company, turning that whicn
is ordinarily a business affair into one of
the most notable social events of the year.
A constant stream of people poured
through the doors from 8 o'clock until the
late hour when the doors were eloped.
Everything was in place. Attendants
stood" at their posts in every department—
to show, to give information, but not to
sell. The easy word to use in such a case
is "the wilderness of display" ; but it was
not a wilderness. There was such method,
such arrangement under the plan of the
architect that the term may not be used.
There was combination — a market, a
place for pins, another for pianos, and be
tween these extremes everything that may
be listed among manufactures; but there
was no wilderness, no bewilderment.
Stately avenues led to the east and the
west and the north and south, and, placed
with a sense of the sympathy of trade —
that contiguity that should exist between
dust and the broom, a tired feeling and a
restful chair— lay spread away along these
avenues everything that civilization has
turned into a desire, all in its order, the
one thing leading in insinuating gradation
into the next.
The occasion, however, was the electrical
display, and this met and amazed the visi
tors at the threshold. The dome was an
illumination that suggested to every visi
tor that special figure in incandescent
lights at tbe World's Fair— the executive
building. It was a radiant affair in light
and white. The white columns and high,
round dome turned the night into day
with circles of lamps, while the big arc
lights sentineled the avenues and streets
of the big building like marshaled bat
talions.
The orchestra set the time and the
guests trooped down the avenues and pro
nounced judgment as it is here written.
In the presence of the Emporium as it
stands in its immense completeness, any
suggestion of detai i and minutiae is more
or less repugnant. Still, there is a certain
roll and volume about some ol the figures,
dimensions, cost and material when they
first strike the ear that is not out of keep
ing with the thing.
A street of marble twenty-five feet wide
extends through the center of the main
floor for the length of two blocks, from
Market to Jessie street, sweeping round on
both sides the grand stand in the rotunda
and under the marble balconies that sur
round it.
The great store room is illuminated with
10,000 electric lights, 560 of which are arcs.
Eleven elevators carry visitors from floor
to floor, and two of tnese are provided to
lift horses and loaded wagons together
into the freight department. This light
and power is supplied by a battery of
boilers and engines in the basement cost
ing $150,000. The whole thing represents
an investment of $7,000,000, and has kept
an army of workmen employed for two
years.
Everything connected with it is of the
highest order, marble, mahogany and
bronze entering chiefly into the appoint
ments. The interior is one sweep of
white, against which the color of the
merchants' display may be seen at its best
under the sunlight of day or the manu
factured light of night. To-day the gates
of the Emporium are open to the people.
32 2A *• ii
O* £ r | •>
Pages *$&s£' Pages
SOME FEATURES
SUNDAY CALL.
May 24, 1896.
The Vice of Telephoning and the New
Lover's Code.
How to Keep the Frost from the Fruit.
BY LOCAL FORECAST OFFICIAL
HAMMON.
The North Beach Man Who Never
Loses His Temper.
The Two Famous Lectures on Both
Sides of the Suffrage Question.
PROFESSOR ORIQQS AND PROFESSOR
POWERS.
Sixth Street on Saturday Night Su-
perbly Illustrated.
An Expedition to Observe the Migra-
tion of Marine Birds.
Baird's Advice to the Young Sprinter.
Miss Russell's Hints to Horse Buyers.
The Tale of Six Men in One Boat.
The Man Who Built the First Sea-
going Vessel in California.
The Art Schools of New York.
Traveling Down the Coast Range.
BY CHARLES HOWARD SHINN.
Four Women Go Smilingly to a Living
Death.
\ ■ ,
The Pigeon Point Lighthouse.
Grand Nephew of General Robert E.
Lee at West Point.
Many Artistic and Beautiful Illustra-
tions.
Novelties in the Realms of Science,
Literature and Art.
New Books Intelligently Reviewed.
The Latest Fashion Gossip for Women
and Men.
What Is Going On in Society.
Many Other Good Things May Be
Found in the "Sunday Call."
"'THE CALL* SPEAKS FOR ALL."
NEW TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
TO-DAY! TO-DAY!
Free Parachutes for the Children *
SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
?I I_iEIT_lA.
.A-ID-A-IIR. !
ADMISSION ....I.— . 100
CHILDREN, including merry-go-round 5c
ALAMEDA COUNTY SPORTS-
MEN'S ASSOCIATION.
DOG SHOW
A rp
MILLS TABERNACLE
Twelfth and Webster Streets,
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY
AND SATURDAY,
May 20th. 21st, 22d and 23d. 1896.
ADMISSION, SOc -CHILDREN, 23(
GRAND CONCERT,
BALLOON ASCENSION
PARACHUTE JUMP,
BLAIR PARK May 34, 1896
.By FROFKisSOR ROBERT EaBLSTOJJ,
The King of Aeronauts and Prince of. Parachute
Performers. New •'.tractions— Great
LA MKTO BKOS., WILLIE AND NORMA.
Balloon leaves the earth at 3 p. m.
Take Piedmont cars .ADMISSION FREi
RACING! RACING! RACING
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
—•WINTER MEETING
Beginning : Thursday, May 14th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
riVis, UK MURK RACES EACH DAY.
, Races start at 2:00 P. if. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street card pass the at*
R. B. MILKoY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,.
Secretary. . rMldaak
I NEW TO-PAT.
/~**> Cure
tonsurnption
.^W"»" ** and lung troubles
To the Editor : — I have a reliable remedy
for Consumption and all Lung Diseases; also
for Loss of Flesh and all Conditions of Wast-
ing. By its timely use thousands of hopeless
cases have been Permanently Cured. So
proof-positive am I of its power, that to in-
crease its usefulness and make known its great
merits, I propose to SEND TWO BOTTLES
FREE to any reader who will write me their
Express and Postoffice address. Sincerely, )
T. A. SLOCUM. M.C.,
183 Pearl St., New York.
When wxitinp the Doctor, please state yon read his ■
letter In this paper and oblige— The Editor.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN &. CO.'S THEATERS.
i i ENGAGEMENT
j^ AT THE j FOR
Baldwin -st
ADAREHAN
Under the Management of Mr. Aii£?ii9iin Daly. ' •
MATINEE TO-DAY,
OOU2NTTESS GrXTOIKLI
TO-XIUHT (SATURDAY),
SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL
Next Week— Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and .
Friday nights and Saturday Matinee— Exquisite
production of Shakespeare a fanciful comedy
MIDSUMMER SIGHT'S DREAM.
Thursday Night COUNTESS GUCKI
Saturday Night LOVE ON v RUTCHES
3d Week— "Twelfth Night,"' "School for Scandal,"
"The Honeymoon," "Taming of the Shrew," etc.-
Seats Now .Selling for All Remaining -
Performances.
| LAST
ftAliniDillA ~ 2^hts.
I tAUFORNMJ Matinee To-day.
As Big a Drawing Card as Ever !
HOVT'Q Merriest I '-
nuYi i> Skit> HARRY
A CONOR
TRIP TO th -" t
■ HI 8 1 IV SELECTED
CHINATOWN Am Ssu^
miCDLAHQLIC-OTTLOD « o>- mica A.io rurucu j • • •
A Veritable I,augh-Provokpr !
Very— Very Funny!
"MISS HARM scum r
Bright and Catchy Musical Numbers.
A Splendid Comedy Company, Including
AMY LEE and FRANK DOANE.
Reserved S«-atw— 3sc, 500 and 75c.
June I— The New FKAWLEY COMPANY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. tESKSTiSK Krelinii, Proprietor & Manage
CAUGHT THE TOWN!
The Regal Operatic Production of
"TOE TOM'S CABJJF.
The Lovely Music of the South!
Characteristic Negro Dances
And Cake 'Walk!
The Levee Banjo Struuiraers!
Clever Specialties! ■ Superb Cast!
"GRAND APOTHEOSIS."
Popular Prices— 2so and sOc. JV..
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOKusiCO. Sola Leases and Manama:
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Third Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER
In the Great Historical Tragedy,
"JACK CADE!"
The Bondman of Kent !
First Knight of Labor I .
J.vesi»b PBTfli -ttSn mat ■"> to.
Family Circle and Gull err. 10& '
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
O'Farren Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (.Saturday), May 23.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, lOcj
Children, 10c, any part.
More Noted International Attractions !
L 6 CLAIK and LESLIE,
MLLE. CARRIE,
JOHN W. KANSONE.
WOOD AND SHEPARD '
And a Magnificent Company.'
Next Monday— Papinta. the sensation of the East.
SUTRO BATHS.
— X3O3XT»T ]VEISS
The Swimming Championship Meeting I
SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING AND SUNDAY
" ' AFTERNOON,
May 23 and 24.
EXCITING CONTESTS OF SKILL AND
SPEED. " " *■- -V-* ■
til rjr*JL/«
GRACEFUL AND DARING TBAFEZB
FLYING.
HIGH AND FANCY DIVING
By Celebrated Professionals and Ama-
teurs.
GENERAL ADMISSION —
Adults. 1O Cents. . Children, 5 Oonts.
CENTRAL PARK.
SATURDAY - - MAY 23
Afternoon and Evening,
% and 8 P. 31.,
National Circuit L. A. W. Race Meet
Professional and Amateur Cycle Racing
for Cash and Valuable Prizes.
General Admission.. I Balcony 75c '
Grand Stand 600 | Boxes $100
5. F. CYCLE-RACING ASSOCIATION
'■':"' '?': CHAS. A. WIKEDIL, Manager.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S BIRTHDAY.
A banquet in honor of the day will be held at the
Palace Hotel, under the auspices of the British.
Benevolent Society of California, on MONDAY, .
May 25, at 7:30 p. m. Tickets $5 each. Can be
procured at Doiey's, under the Palace Hotel.
BKV. W. W. BOLTON, Hon. See.
' PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
2OTH ANNUAL PICNIC
OP THE
Fishermen's Benevolent Association,
A. FRAXCOVICH, President,
WILL BBS HELD AT
HARBOR VIEW PARK, PRESIDIO,
SUNDAY, MAY 34, 1896.
Valuable prizes to be raffled. The celebrated
greasy-pole contest wijl take place between 2 and
3p. M. prize of same, $20 In gold.
MUSIC BY THE ITALIAN BAND.
ADMISSION— TICKETS 25 CENT*, " '
Children under 12 years free.
The association will leave at 10 a. m. from 625
Broadway. ■ THE COMMITTEE.
78
HE HAS SOUGHT SAFETY IN TEXAS.
Blanther's Movements Have Been Traced With
Minute Detail to Los Angeles
and El Paso.
CHANCES OF HIS CAP
TURE CONSIDERED.
He Was Recognized by the Pull
man Car Conductor to
Mojave.
TRYING TO CROSS THE LINE
INTO MEXICO.
Governor Budd Has Ordered a Thou
sand-Dollar Reward for the
Murderer's Capture.
Mrs. Philippinl Langfeldt, a dear old
Jady of nearly 70, big-hearted and
fond of life with its luxuries, was found
murdered in her cozy suite of rooms at
1225 Geary street just one week ngo to-day.
She catered to the intellectual, and she
•was never so happy as when she could
Have youth and brains about her.
But then youth and brains, so difficult
a combination to find under the most
favorable circumstances, were not worship
ing at her shrine as she sat, lonely and
suffering, surrounded by the material con
veniences money could purchase.
Few people, however, knew that the old
lady tucked herself away to bed twice or
This Photograph of J. E. Blenther, Flanked on Either Side by Casnal Acquaint
ances, Was Taken In Florida in 1894, When tfce Austrian Officer, Now
Accused of Murdering Mrs. 1 hilopena Langfeldt, Was Spending His Money
at the Ponce de Leon.
oftener each week with a feeling of gratifi
cation, able to forget her bodily ailments
in the thought that a dashine young man
had attended upon her with the delicate
consideration she was used to when spring
time felt warmer.
Joseph Bianther, the Austiian army
officer, decorated by two kings fo.r deeds
of valor; military and handsome in ap
pearance as well as polished of tongue was
the man who brightened her dreary even
ings.
She remembered years a^o — yes, many
ye.irs ago— how she heard the same sweet
talk. It was when she, as the wife of the
wealthy merchant at Yokohama, enter
tained the brass - buttoned uniformed
officers of the navies of many countries at
social functions unequaled anywhere by
their splendor.
Bianther did his work so well that there
was little trouble in his rising from the
seat at the table whereon they had been
playing cards and walking over to her side.
With a smile upon his lips ushering out
a pleasant good-night compliment he
walked behind the old lady.
She did not know, but, son-like, he went
there to impress a kiss upon her brow.
There was a razor in his right hand,
however, and a demon glare in his eye.
His lift hand closed upon her mouth and
the death-dealing work began.
Bianther, "The Strangler," as some are
wont to call him, must feel dissatisfied
with himself, but Bianther, "The
Butcher," acquitted himself well.
Robbery followed. The unfortunate
woman's diamond rings that, no doubt,
instigated the crime, were stolen from the
tinzers of the fast-cooling corpse,
These jewels were pawned and save the
means with which Bianther was able to
leave this City, and very probably are
assisting in securing him from the people
who are seeking to bring him to justice.
The police have done everything in their
power to apprehend the murderer, and his
portrait, as well as bis description, have
been sent broadcast.
Governor Budd has ordered a reward of
$1000 for Blanther's arrest.
George Dodge, the benefactor of Bian
ther, who unknowingly pawned Mrs.
Laugfeldt's diamonds, stolen after the
murder, has helped the detectives with
some details that may prove valuable in
his capture.
As a matter of fact, Dodge has been out
of town for the past two days, endeavoring
to assist some private persons in making
the capture of Biantber. San Jose was the
city visited and scoured by the private
hawkshaws, without success. Captain
Lees, who was well posted ou their every
movement, had his men right in line, and
the failure of Dodge and his employers to
get an inkling of Bianther, as well as their
return to this City after discomfiture, have
been posted along with other failure*.
However, there is something tangible on
the surface now, and all the surmises as to
Blanther's whereabouts have been set at
rest. '
He Is not in biding either in Oakland or
San Jose, nor is he touring the interior on
a bicycle, but ho is in Mexico.
From the statements made by Dodge to
Captain Lees early Bunday morning, that
Bianther had left the car at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland, on Saturday forenoon,
to meet Mrs. Marks, with the object of ac
companying her to San Jose, the captain
made up bis mind that it was a subterfuge
on Blanther's part to "shake' Dodge and
make his e«cape. The caotain felt satisfied
that Biantber had gone in exactly the
opposite direction either with the southern
or northern overland train, but eiving the
preference to the south, via Los Angeles.
Acting upon this belief he sent a loug
dispatch on Sunday morning to Cnief of
Police Glass of Los Angeies to meet the
train leaving here on Saturday at 5:30 p. m.
and arrest Bianther, giving a full descrio
tion of the murderer and particulars of the
murder. The dispatch was delayed owing
to the regulations of tne telegraph com
pany regarding Sunday messages. When
the captain learned this he urged the com
pany to get the dispatch through as
quickly as possible, but unfortunately it
aid not reach Chief Glass till after the
train had pulled out on its way to El
Paso, as will be seen from the letter from
the Chief.
Still following out this belief, Captain
Lees sent some of his men to the Oakland
Mole on Wednesday to interview all the
hands on the train that loft Saturday
afternoon and which iiad made the return
trip.
Detective Gibson was fortunate in ob
taining some important information from
G. R. Bell, the Pullman conductor, which
is contained in the following report by
Gibson to Captain Lees:
Acting under your instructions I saw G. R.
Bell, a Pullman-oar conductor, who left Oak
land Saturday last at 5 :30 p. m. for Los Angeles.
Bell says that while he was collecting tickets
in the second-class coach he noticed a tall man
sitting in one of the seats, and when he asked
him for his ticket he said he only wanted a
berth for to-night, so Mr. Bell charged him to
Mojave. After a while ho saw him in conver
sation with a lady who was traveling with a
little boy a few seats ahead of him. Bell knew
that the man had never met the woman before
from his actions and the way he was talking.
Mr. Bell noticed that he wore "one glove all the
time and had it on the following morning
when he went into the day coach. Tbe lady
left the train at Bfojave, as she had a ticket
East over the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad.
The man got ott' the train a: Los Angeles.
Mr. Bell saw him get off. His description, as
near as he remembers, is that the man was
about 35 or 3«, weight about 160. very dark
complexion, long face, large mustache, thinks
he had square jaws, dark clothes, standing
collar, and was a foreigner, either German or
something like that, and wore a glove on one
hand; cannot say which hand n,t present.
I then showed Mr. Bell your description and
photo copy of Bianther, and Bell said that he
wus satisfied tbat that was the man who was
on his train and leu it at Los Angeles.
Bell says he will be in Los Angeles at 2 p. H.
to-morrow and will be there for two days, and
if Captain Lees wishes he will cail on Chief
Glass, who is a friend of his, and do all he can
to find the man, whom he thinks is the man
you waut. Since taking a good look at the
picture he is satisfied that it is the picture of
the man who wes on his train last f-aturday
night, but it was taken when he was a younger
man, but still looks a great deal like him.
He tuld me thiit if you wanted him to assist
the Los Angeles police to send them word and
meet him and he would do all in his power to
ge: the man.
As soon as the captain received this re
port he wired to Chief Glass as follows:
Meet G. R. Bell, Pullman-car conductor, on
train leaving here to-night. Says he thinks
Bianther left here Saturday night with him and
caw him Ret off at Los Angela. Say* the man
kept one glove on. We believe the murderer cut
his hand while doing the murder.
\esterdaythe Captain received the fol
lowing letter from Chief Glass, dated May
I note contents of your telegram of last
night that G. R. Bell, Pnllman-car conductor
thinks Bianther left San Francisco Saturday
night with him and got off at Los Angeles.
Lniortunately your telegram of Sunday was re
ceived just too late for detectives to reach the
train, even at the last stopping place. But the
moment telegram was received Detective
Brndißh got to the Hollenbeck Hotel and met
the bus just as it got from the depot, and at
once vUited all of the other hotels
that run buses from the depot, and I
at once had copies made of your telegram for
all of the detectives and we have been on the
lookout for the party ever lince. Will have
detectives meet Beil to-day.
To verify the statement of Pullman Con
ductor Bell, Captain Lees yesterday got the
following statement from the brakeman on
the overland train, No. 19, between Oakland
and Fresno, which left Saturday afternoon :
On Saturday evening we left the Oakland
piec at 6:30, and sitting in the local
smoker, about the third or fourth seat from the
rear, was a man I am sure was Bianther. I
came down for the tickets with my conductor,
Dolan, and this man asked for a ticket for Xl
Paso. I to.d him that we did not sell any tickets
for El Paso ; that he should pay his fare as fa ras
Port Costa and get his ticket for El Paso there
When he paid his fare I sized him up pretty
thoroughly, thinking him a spotter. He read
his paper and only lifted his head up a little
when talking. I noticed that he wore dark
reddish gloves and I believe a black derby hat,
and he wore eye glasj.ee
When we got to Port Costa he got off to get a
ticket, but the agent did not have it ready and
I waited some time and then hollered "All
aboard" and told him he could buy his ticket
at Martinez and telegraphed up there to have
it ready. When Conductor Dolan and myself
saw the picture In yesterday's Chronicle we
both agreed at once that he was the mau ■
wanted. We stopped at Martinez and the other
conductor went out with him and he bought a
ticket for El Paso at Martinez. He looked like
a foreigner, with dark complexion and sandy
reddish mustache, slender fellow. Decker
another conductor on the Pullman palace-car'
said to me that he noticed this man eating
with his gloves on, and he noticed him parti
cularly, as he had never seen a man eat with
his gloves on before. We asked him why he
did not get a ticket and he said he had lust
missed the boat, but we knew that he did not
get on the train until it was moving, after the
train nad pulled out.
A message was at once sent to R. B.
Borland, ticket agent at Martinez, as fol
lows:
Telegraph me name, number and form of
ticket Bold for train 19 to £1 Paso; the ticket
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
that Conductor Dolan held train to sell Satur
day evening, May Hi. Answer quickly.
Borland sent the following reply:
No. 206 from 20 Have not got copy of
signature. Original ticket with signature
should be in ticket auditor's hands in Sau
Francisco if party went through to destina
tion.
Sergeant Colby was then sent to the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company's
offices to see if the ticket bad been re
turned to the - auditor's office here, but it
was not there, so the following dispatch
was sent to the superintendent of the com
pany at Tucson :
' Agent at Martinez on May 16 sold second
class ticket 206, form 20 S, for El Paso. Ascer
tain from conductor if ticket was honored by
him into £1 Paso and if it has been returned
with his collections to ticket auditor. Quick
answer.
No reply has yet been received to this
dispatch.
Until the ticket is received nere and
the signature thereon is compared with
Blanther's handwriting it will not be
definitely known that he is the man, al
thoucn from the descriptions given by
Conductor Bell and the braKemah there is
very little doubt upon the subject.
Although Bell says he saw the man
leaving the train at "Los Angeles, Captain
Lees is of the opinion that he returned to
it again and continued his journey to El
Paso. That will be determined, however,
when the superintendent at Tucson is
heard from after he has seen the con
ductor on the run from Los Angeles to El
Paso.
A PRICE ON HIS HEAD.
Governor Budd Offers a Reward for
the Arrest and Conviction
of Bianther.
Captain Lees and Governor Budd have
been in constant communication for two
days as to the advisability of offering a
reward for Blanther's capture. As a re
sult the following telegram was received
yesterday evening at police headquarters:
Captatn I. W. Lees, Chief of Detectives, San
Francisco: One thousand dollars reward will
be paid for the arrest and conviction of Joseph
Bianther for the murder of Mrs. Philippina
LaucfeM at San Francisco, Cal., Friday even
ing, May 5, 189<i. James H. Kunn,
Governor State of California.
HE WAS A SCHEMER.
The Way Bianther Did His Partner
Up In Business In
Chicago.
From the appended telegram it may be
seen that the accused murderer of Mrs.
Langfeld had other little failings contrary
to litw and order:
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., May 22.— Charles
Grosman, map-maker of this city, tells an
interesting Btory regarding business part
nership with J. E. Bianther, murderer of
Mrs. Langfeldt in Sau Francisco. Gros
man says that he was in business with
Bianther in Chicago, and that the wily
schemer swindled him and another asso
ciate out )f $10,000 before their very eyes.
Grosman says that Bianther is one of the
smoothest and most unscrupulous scoun
drels he ever knew. He thinks tbat Blan
ther's whole life has been devoted to
schemes of adventure and swindling. A
characteristic of Bianther, according to
Grosman, was to "smile and smile and be
a villain still."'
The two original associates joined
Bianther in the scheme to manufacture re
liei maps for schools when that idea was a
new one. Bianther had owned some kind
of patent on these maps and there seemed
to be positive proof that be had been con
nected with Rand, McNaily & Co. After
selling what patent rishts he had to an
other party he engaged' with the two as
sociates to manufacture under the firm
name of the Cartographic Company, the
other parties investing $10,000 in the en
terprise. When it waa discovered that
Blanthner had no rights he lied to Canada
to escape prosecution. Grosman is sure
that Bianther of the San Francisco mur
der is the same, because the pictures and
published facts of the murderer's life tally
in many respects, notably in that Bianther
was in Siam and the East Indies and spoke
the Persian and Arabic languages, in
which tongue the partners had often con
versed.
A FRUITLESS SEARCH.
George Dodge Returns From San
Jose, Where He Was Looking
for Bianther.
George A. Dodge returned from his San
Jose trip at 5:30 o'clock yesterday after
noon, and was seen later at his home by a
Call reporter.
"There was nothing very strange about
my alleged disappearance," Dodge said.
"On Wednesday morning, when I awak
ened at the Commercial Hotel, I was in a
state of collapse, and, tired of being inter
viewed and of the trouble i had been
through, I thought I'd go away some
where.
"San Jose suggested itself to me, and
while I stopped there that night at the St.
James Hotel I thought I might as well see
whether I could find out something about
Bianther, who, when I saw him last, said
he was bound for tbat city.
"1 was interested, too, in the fact that
a month ago a woman, whose name I can
not recall, had her throat cut by au un
known person in San Jose, and it was also
about that time, as I remember, that Bian
ther was absent from this City.'
"My investigations, however, have
amounted to naught, and here lam back
again to go through the same old grind as
if I were a guilty man instead of having
done what I believed was only a kindly act
toward a man I thought not only an
honorable man, but my lriend."
LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM.
George Ryan, a Young Actor, Arrested
for Disturbing the Peace.
George Ryan, 20 years of age, an actor,
was arrested last night by Policeman
Livingston on the charge of disturbing
the peace, and his friend, H. L. Thomp
son, was arrested for being drnnk.
Ryan had been paying his addresses to
a youug lady some years his senior, who
is said to be employed in tbe Superin
tendent of Streets' office and lives on Mc-
Allister and Fillmore streets. He and
Thompson went to her house last night
and raised a disturbance, which led to
their arrest. On the way to the City Prison
in tne patrol-wagon Ryan declared that
he would commit suicide in his cell rather
than live without his inamorata. His in
tention was frustrated by his mother put
ting up bail for his a^*ca ranee.
BRITISH B-NEVOLENCE.
Aid Given by the Society During the
Past Year.
From the annual report just filed of the
British Benevolent Society it is shown
that irom May 1, 1895. to April 30, 1896,
the sum of $1225 05 was expended for the
purpose of aiding deserving and destitute
Britons.
Two thousand and fifty cases were in
vestigated and acted upon.
The expenditures amounted to $2250 85,
and the total assets of the society are
given at $93fJ0 50.
Following ars its officers: President,
William Doxey; vice-presidents, J. W.
Wallace and Stanhope Dickinson ; treas
urer, Percyl Beamish ; secretary, Rev. W.
W. Bolton, M.A.
The Btatk Mtkikg Journal of this date ed
ited by James J. Robbing, contains: Latest
mining news from all parts of the State, "The
Comstock Commotion." a caustic critique on
the late rise; "California's Mining Million
aires," together with a variety of articles in
teresting to the mining community. Office
9 Montgomery Block. *
Why Supreme Representative Carter Opposes Foreign
Rituals in English-Speaking Countries.
The position taken by the Supreme Lodge germane to the use of foreign languages in the ritualistic
ceremonies of the Knights of Pythias has been generally misunderstood, both within and without the
order. The Supreme Lodge has never discriminated against any person by reason of the accident of his
birth or the language he called his mother tongue. The intention is that the ceremonies shall be carried
on in the language of the country in which the lodge may be situated. One of the cardinal principles of the
order is undying loyalty to the Government under which we live, and it was. the overwhelming senti
ment of the Supreme Lodge that the practice of allowing American lodges composed of |members of for
eign birth to have the ritual translated into and the ceremonies conducted in their native language,
tended to foster a spirit of allegiance to foreign lands and tended to hold men apart from the great mass
of English-speaking people.
It was deemed that this apparent recognition within the limits of the order of the existence in our
midst of other nationalities and of allegiance to other Governments was productive of a misunderstanding
of our principles, and when the ritual was revised it was determined that, inasmuch as the order now
has existence only in English-speaking nations, it should be printed, only in the English language.
Though this at first caused some trouble among lodges that had been using translations, they all
remained true to their obligations. The Grand Lodge of California at the San Jose session of 1894
instructed its representatives to the Supreme Lodge to sustain the position of that body and to use their
influence to prevent it taking any backward step. Until lodges are located in other lands I shall
favor no translation of the ritual. STANTON L. CARTER.
"HANFORD GOES"
SAY THE KNIGHTS
Modern Political Methods
Prevail Among the
Pythians.
United Endeavor to Run Carter
for the Supreme Vice-
Chancellorship.
Amid Active Demonstrations the
Knights of Pythias End Their
Annual Session.
The Grand Lodge, Knights of Pythias,
met at the usual hour yesterday morning.
Notwithstanding the fact that its labors
have been burdensome, and all the officers
have been kept assiduously at work, no
one seemed the least tired. The effects
produced by tue grand ball and reception
the night before appeared rather invigor
ating than otherwise.
After the opening exercises, Past Su
preme Representative Morrison rose and
suggested that it would be a felicitous idea
for the Grand Lodge to request the next
Supreme Lod<;e to elect Stanlon L. Carter
of California supreme vice-chancellor. His
suggestion met with the enthusiastic ap
proval of the representatives, and the mat
ter was referred to a committee to be
named by the grand chancellor.
Jud ge Carter is distinguished even
a mong this most patriotic organization
for his firm advocacy of American princi
ples, and hia orations against the reintro
ductton of foreign rituals into lodges were
so powerful and brilliant as to evoke the
greatest enthusiasm and applause.
A number of congratulatory telegrams
were read from other Grand Lodges now
In session in the various States.
A resolution was adopted appropriating
the sum of f 100 as the Golden State's con
tribution to the proposed fund for the
erection of a monument to the memory
of Past Supreme Chancellor George B.
Shaw.
And now came the battle of the day.
Tbe question of the next place for iiolding
tlie annual session of the Grand Lodge j
came up. The finance committee refened
the several resolutions back to tbe lodge
without recommendations. As a reason
for this course, one of the committee
humorously remarked, when outßide in
the corridor, that the committee as a
whole was on excellent terms with his
Satanic majesty and feared that ii they
joined him too soon they might forget the
maxims of Judge Campbell and take to
dissipation.
Pasadena surprised the assemblage by
withdrawing from the light. What spiked
her guns is still a mystery.
Hanford and Red Bluff were then placed
in nomination, but it was clear that Sau
Francisco had many friends who desired
to secure the next annual convention for
her. As between the two interior towns
the committee stated that it would cost
|1500 more to hold the convention at Red
Bluff than at Hanford.
Liggett spoke for Red Bluff, Pyser for
San Francisco, Graves for llanford, Oallis
for San Francisco. Clarke for Red Bluff,
Wolfe for Hanford, Haskell for Red Bluff,
Bloomburc for Hanford, Connolly against
going to the country, Reed of Bakersfield
against Hanford, Sailor against Hanford,
and Carter of Fresno for Hanford.
A ballot was taken, with the result that
Hanford won by a fair majority.
For the third time the Grand Lodge bore
a marked resemblance to a great political
convention; so much so that a few of the
defeated ones, in an indignation meeting
informally held in the corridor, suggested
that it would doubtless be found necessary
for the Hanford ites to purchase hats more
suitable to the enlarged state of their cran
iums.
But the representative! of Hanford
reeked not— the battle waa won. "We Are
the People," was their motto, and their
proud an 1 happy mien would mark them
even in the eye-Tof a stranger.
The visit of the Grand Lodge to the Pre
sidio was postponed till to-day at 1 p. m.
The report of the committee on the state
of the order was as follows, and was adopted
unanimously:
Your committee on the state of the order de
sires to express Us thanks to tbe grand chan
cellor, George Samuels, for the efforts put forth
by him during the Pythian year of his admin
istration now about to close. He entered upon
the exalted office with superb enthusiasm, and
closed his labors with honor to himself and the
order, if to share with our fellowi and associ
ates in the work of fraternal and character
building is the most enduring joy of mankind,
then indeed has our grand chancellor accom
plished something to which he as well as his
loved ones in the family circle may look back
with emotions of pleasure.
At the afternoon session the committee
on Pythian Home presented a full report
relative to the establishment of a home
for aged and indigent members of the
order.
A proposition was submitted by the city
of San Diego to furnish grounds and build
ing and to exempt the same from taxation.
It also offered to supply water free. The
committee recommended the acceptance
of the proposition. Amendments to the
statutes whereby the same could be
accepted accompanied the report.
The committee also recommended that a
loan of $4000 be made to Yoaemite Lodge
of Merced. After debate the representa
tives of Yosemite Lodge were permitted to
withdraw their resolution asking for the
loan, and the committee was also allowed
that part of the report asking for the loan.
The clause of the report referring to tte
Pythian Home was adopted.
At this point the representatives ex
hibited uneasiness and a desire to finish
the work of me session. The strain they
had been undergoing was telling on them
at last. A motion was made that when
an * d J° urn ment should betaken it be only
till 7:30 p. m. An amendment was offered,
making it till 9 : 30 a. m. to-day. Alter
voting several times it was at last deter
mined to meet at 8 p. m.
As no objections were entered the grand
chancellor said that the business of the
meeting would be continued till 6 o'clock
before adjournment.
The committee on the state of the order
brought in the following report wbich was
adopted unanimously:
Whereas, The members of the Pythian fra
ternity in this grand domain prompted by no
other motives than those inspired by their un
swerving loyalty to our noble order and their
undying love for its glorious tenets, and
earnestly desiring that California's roster of
knighthood may some time be graced and
honored with the name of a supreme chancel
lor of the Knights of Pythias; and whereas,
there is now in the person of our brother,
Stanton. L. Carter, a member of the Supreme
Lodge who stands high in the councils, and
who is pre-eminentiy qualified by reason of
his sterling integrity," his unblemished honor,
his great ability, his profound knowledge of
Pythian law and his unselfish devotion to the
Pythian cause, to lead the Pythian hosts on to
greater glories, therefore, be it
Retnlvcd, That the Grand Lodge of California
hereby presents the name of Stanton L. Car
ter to the consideration of the Supreme Lodge
for the office of supreme vice-chancellor, and
respectfully requests his associate supreme
representatives from this grand domain to ex
f>ress to the Supreme Lodge the hope of ("ali
ornia's knights that he may be elevated to
that high aud hoaoiablo position.
The first act of the evening session was
to confer the Grand Lodge degree upon
one past grand chancellor.
The Pythian Courier was commended as
worthy the support of all members of the
order.
The per capita tax for the ensuing year
was fixed at 55 cents for the term ending
June 30, and GO cents for the term ending
December 31.
The following resolution was unani
mously adopted:
Fnolverl, That the thanks of this Grand
Lodge are due and nre hereby extended to the
press of the City of San Frarici.«co for the care
ful, thorough and accurate manner in which
the procc'dmtrs of the present session of this
Grand Louge have been published to the world.
The newly elected officers were duly in
stalled by Past Supreme Representative
Judge Stanton L. Carter. 0. P. Me-
Glasnan, the new prand chancellor, who is
also brigadier- general of the Uniform
Rank, made a brief speech outlining his
policy for the coming year as head of the
order in California.
With cheering congratulations and many
kind expressions of goodwill and friend
ship the Grand Lodge, Knights of Pythias,
of California ended their annual session,
to meet at Hanford next year. Grand
Master-at-Arms Lehmaun claims to have
gained ten pounds during the session.
After adjournment the Immortals and
Zerin Capi Temple No. 202, D. O. K. X.,
hurried to Pythian Castle; the former to
initiate candidates for immortality, the
Jatter to take another trip across the
desert.
The Immortals are a social order. The
original ten who founded it are: Nevin,
Wilson, Hoffman, McGowan, Samuels,
Johrdahl, Welcer, Samels and Gyselaar.
The officers are: Adam, Herman
Schaffner; Mephistopheles, J. A. Wilson;
Father Time, Charles Hoffman; Mars,
Charles Nevin; Cerberus, J. O'Meara.
CAVANAGH IS SET FREE
A Sacramento Politician Scores a Point
nu the Handling of Voter*.
The Supreme Court has set B. W. Cava
najrh free of the charge of violating the
purity of elections law, and incidentally
has declared that the law does not apply
to primary elections.
Cavana^h was convicted in Sacramento
of offering a man $100 to vote at the pri
mary election for certain delegates to the
county convention and to work for their
election. The indictment was demurred
to on the ground that the law does not ap
ply to primary elections, and the demurrer
was sustained. On appeal this judgment
was affirmed. The principal part of the
opinion just rendered by the Supreme
Court is as follows:
It will be observed that the defendant was
charged with attempting, by the use of money,
to influence the election of certain delegates
at a Republican primary election. It is now
claimed that the purity of elections act does
not apply to primary elections ana this court
is in accord with 6uch contention. A primary
election is purely a creation of political parties
and associations. These parties and associa
tions may hold such elections or they may not.
It is not compulsory upon them, and if they do
hold such elect ion 3 they may hold them at
such hours, at such places aud upon such
terms and condit ions as to them mny seem fit.
While there is a law upon the statute books
providing the machinery for holding primary
elections, it is not in any sense mandatory
upon political parties to invoke its provisions,
but upon the contrary a resort to ita provisions
is a mere matter of cho ice.
It follows from the foregoing that no impor
tance can be attached to the words found in
the indictment stating that this primary was
"duly and regularly called." For these words
are not equivalent to the statement and do not
even convey the idea that it was held under
the provisions of the Political Code. For, as we
have seen, political parties are a law unto
themselves as tc the conduct of primary elec
tions.
Another question presents Itself which cuts
deeper than the one to which we bave already
adverted. The Attorney-General has been able
to place his finger upon but a single provision
of this law which looks toward the support of
this Indictment, and that provision is subdi
vision 3 of section 19.
Among other things section 19 provides "It
shall be unlawful for any person directly or
indirectly, by himself or through any other
person (1) to pay, lend or contribute or offer or
promise to pay, lend or contribute any money
or other valuable consideration to or for any
voter or to or to: any other person to induce
euch voter to vote or refrain trom voting at
any election; (2) to give, offer or promise any
office, place or employment, or to promise,
procure or endeavor to procure any office, place
or employment to or for any voter, or to or
for any other person, in order to induce such
voter to vote or refrain from voting at any
election; (3) to make any gift, loan, promise,
offer, procurement or agreement, as aforeoaid,
to, for or with auy person in order to induce
such person to procure or endeavor to pro
cure the election ot any person or the vote of
any voter at any election."
The word "election" as here used in sub
division 3, and the other subdivisions of sec
tion 19, does not refer to primary elections.
The purity of elections law is entitled "An act to
promote tbe purity of elections by regulating
the conduct thereof." In the body of this ac;
may be found the word "election" a hundred
times or more, and it may be said in every in
stance that it is plainly apparent that the
word is not used as applying to primary elec
tions. The words "primary elections" are
found in the act, subdivision 9 of section 19,
and in section 25, but in neitherof these places
in the law does this indictment find any sup
port. r
Women's Liberal League.
A mats-meeting will be held at Metropolitan
Temple Monday evening, May 25, under the
auspices of the American Women's Liberal
League. The proposed new charter will be
discussed. Both the adherents and opponents
of that measure are invited. Admission will
be free. The American Women's Liberal
League has taken permanent headquarters in
room. 20 and 21, Nucleus building, corner of
Third and Market streets. *'
»■ » »
ROW IN A SALOON.
Two Bookmakers Get Mixed Up With
Two Detectives and Are
Arrested.
There was a lively scene in the Del
Monte saloon, on Grant avenue and O'Far
rell street, last night. Frank Skinner, a
bookmaker, and Harry Gorman, a "tout,"
had a row in front of the 6aloon, and
Skinner pulled out a razor and made a
slash at Gorman, slightly cutting him.
Gorman hunted up Detectives Gibson
and Wren and they went to the saloon,
where Gorman pointed out Skinner. Gib
son placed him under arrest for assault
with a deadly weapon, when Paul Rigler,
another bookmaker, grabbed hold of Gib
son and attempted to backheel him. "Wren
went to Gibson's assistance and made
short work of Rigler, and soon had him on
his back. Rigler was also taken to the
City Prison and booked on the charge of
interfering with an officer.
ITow Poison Acts.
Carbolic acid produces immediate ver
tigo and intoxication, with burning pain
along all points of contact. The breath
ing becomes stertorous and the pupils of
the eyes contract.
Phosphorus in overdose produces irrita
tion and disturbance over every part of
mucus it touches, and the contents of the
stomach when removed are luminous, as
is phosphorus.
Prussic acid is the most rapid of all
poisons, killing like a stroke of lightning.
A teaspoonful of 2 per cent prussic acid
will kill. In a few seconds after the acid
is taken the face turns blueish and the
person sinks to the floor.
Opium, morphine, and the like produce
a period of exaltation, followed by stupor,
which merges into death.
Strychnine is followed by convulsions;
the head jerks back and "the body rests
on the head and tbe heels, arched like a
bow. These spasms come intermittently
till death.
Camphor in poisonous doses produces
giddiness, cramps, numbness, imperfect
sight, difficult breathing and convulsions.
Lurid Lights in Their Whisker*.
A remarkable adventure befell a party
of Wisconsin men, says a St. Paul dispatch
to a Chicaeo paper. According to one of
them, H. O. Tofson, who lives at Kilburn,
in company with Ole Tofson, Will Tofson,
Jens Anderson and Emmet Peterson he
attended a party at the home of Tom
O'Conuell. About 2a. m. the young men
started for home. The rain lad ceased,
but the sky was still very cloudy and the
night was black. Suddenly beads of elec
tricity gathered on their mustaches and
hair and a brilliant bluish light streamed
from tneir fur coats. They were terrorized.
They brushed and struck at the mystic
fluid, but for fully fifteen minutes they
fought with it, and theu it disappeared for
a short time, only to reappear. They were
greatly relieved ot reaching home, but
still puzzling their wits to make out what
had possession of them.
Federal .Electric Lights.
As the result of J. E. Powell's inspection of
the Aupraisers' and Customs-house buildings
in the matter of electric lights, Deputy Col
lector Jerome has pent to the various electric
power contractors in the City a communica
tion asking for bids for furnishing electricity
to both buildings for power and light
• — ♦ ■»
An interesting celebration of the seventy
fourth anniversary of the birth of the marine
painter, William Bradford, was held in the
Vriends' School, Providence, R. 1., last week.
A TERRIBLE RIDE
From the Evening Times, Buffalo, N. Y.
Along one of the dismal roads in Western
New York a man and wife were driving as
rapidly as the darknesi and inclement weather
would permit.
The rain beat down upon the rubber cover
ing and lound its way into every crack and
opening.
The occupants of the buggy were Dean Jones
and his wife, of Springville. N. Y. Evervbodv
is familiar with the name. He Is the well
known starting judge, who has become famous
for his impartial and fair treatment of jockeys
at the post. *
It was about ten years ago when Mr. and
Mrs. Jones took that fateful ride that como
near costing her her life.
Mrs. Jones' clothes were thoroughly soaked
before town waa reached. There was no fire
in their hotel room, and she became chilled to
the bone before the little blaze the attendant
started warmed the atmosphere.
From that time on Mrs. Jonea was an 111
woman.
Her trouble-well, it was about everything
with which human flesh can be afflicted. She
hnd a strange, queer feeling in her head, that
felt as if several shot were rolling around loose
on her brain. Pen cannot describe the torture
she suffered. Local doctors told nor she had
water on the brain.
A Times reporter called upon Mrs. Jones,
who said:
"Ever since that terrible wetting I received,
up to a year asro, I was an invalid. I haa
terrible neuralgia pains in the head, which
often went to my feet and limbs. I was often
in such a terrible state that I had to use a
crutch to get around or else slide a chair
before me to move about the house. I was
very ill tor five years, in spells, and never ex
pected to get well. It was a blood disease, I
guess. One of the doctors I consulted said I
had clotted blood in my head, and perhaps I
did. lie could not cure me. neither could
several other doctors I tried. I also used many
patent medicines, but they did me no good
"My complexion was a perfect white, and
my ears were so transparent you could look
through them. My blood was turning to
water.
'•Look at me now, do I look sick?"
The reporter was forced to admit that he
b ?u 8e wu om seen a more Perfect embodiment
of health.
With pardonable pride Mrs Jones mild
»Dr. t Williams' Pink P Pills ,<,"" Pale People
"I can go anywhere now, while before I com
menced using Dr. Williams' remedy I could
not move out of the house.
'•For three years, would you believe it, I did
not even go to church. I was not always con
fined to my bed, but could not leave the house.
"Wherever I go people say, 'Why, Mrs.
Jones, how well you are looicing. How did it
happen?' and I always tell them 'Pink Pills
did it.'
"I have not had the slightest touch of my old
illness for the last six months and feel as if I
never had been ill in my life."
Mr. Jones said: "You can readily imagine
how highly we regard the remedy in this
house, where we have hnd a wife and mother
restored to perfect health."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold by all deal
ers, or will be sent postpaid on receipt of price
(50 cent a box or six boxes for $2 50— they are
never sold in bulk or by the 100) by address
ing Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Scheneo
taay, I< . y.
FIRST,
.7
SECONDARY
And
TERTIARY
Form* of blood disorders are manifested
by copper-colored spots, itching skin, irri-
tated, dry, parched throat, ulcers '- in
mouth, falling hair and bad blood. "When
in this condition yon must act promptly.
Don't let your condition become worse.
Help can be bad. Sometimes these condi-
tions give way to immediate treatment.
You may be cured in a
VERY SHORT TIME.
fiudyan treatment for blood diseases is
the best treatment, the quickest treat-
ment, the surest treatment. Write for
i HUDYAN :
: BLOOD
: BOOK. :
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Dimness of Vision,
Spots Before the Eyes,
Loss of Sleep,
re m atu ren ess
And the many other symptoms of private
diseases of men are speedily cured with
the great
HUDYAN,
HUDYAN BRINGS HAPPINESS.
HUDYAN GIVES STRENGTH.
HUDYAN GIVES POWER.
HUDYAN GIVES TONE.
HUDYAN MAKES FLESH.
HUDYAN LEADS TO SLEEP.
HUDYAN STRENGTHENS THI
NERVE. . '; J
HUDYAN MAKES NEW MAN.
HUDYAN CURES WEAK MEN.
HUDYAN IS VEGETABLE,
HUDYAN STOPS LOSSES.
HUDYAN CUKES IMPOTENCY.
HUDYAN CURES DEBILITY.
HUDYAN CURES AT NIGHT.
HUDYAN WORKS SECRETLY.
YOU CAN GET th . 6rMt Bui .
yan only by writing or applying to the old
doctors of the ,
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
STATEMENT
or tei
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
Insurance Company (Limited)
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and Oil of tbe Po«
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid np In -
cash 9500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 81,257,968 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash in banks 45,066 00
Premiums In due course of collection 218,059 00
Bills receivable, nut matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 9,955 00
Stamps on band 982 00
Total assets $1,540,000 00
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense 138,700 00
Gross premiums on marine and in- "I
land navigation risks: relusur- 1
ance 100 percent }. 116,055 00
Gross premiums on marine time |
risks; reinsurance 50 per cent.. J
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc., and sundry creditors 109,431 00
Amount carried to suspence account. 28,780 00
Total liabilities 9382,866 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for marine
premiums — 430,335 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 35,390 00
Total Income $465,725 00
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~~
Net amount paid for marina losses... 412,901 00
Dividends to stockholders. 60,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees and other '
charges for officers, clerks, etc 87,795 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 1,220 00
All other payments and expenditures 10,045 00
Total expenditures « $511,961 00
Losses Incurred during the year 9394,976 00
RISKS AMI) PREMIUMS.
1 MABIXK BISKS. | PBKHIPMg.
Net amount of risks j i . "
written during the |
year I 969,188,700 | 9*30,386 00
Net amount of rlslts I
expired during |
the year | 67,079,885 891,830 00
Net amount in force 1
December 31,1
1895 1 7.490.450 116,055 00 ,
JAS. O. NICHOLSON, President. "
JOHN OICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day
of February, 1896. *
W. J. SULIS,
Vice and Deputy Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. COMPART,
GENERAL AGENTS.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS.
Office, 407-409 Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO,
Telephone Main 5968.
7-Fi? F ls . a non-polsonon*
VRSSX^flrTßv^Bll f-i » dy e for Gonorrhoea,
JKOTil?*^ ™11l wmJ' s P cr m»torrhostt;
i^SsT oL^Vi T i •¥* hitM ' an natural dis-
ra^-SSS^. 'oT^co'uVufeS:
Wa»*THEtVANSCHEimiCa. branes. Non-astringent.
lCgifcCiKC]i«>UTi,o PCa SoW by Dranriats,
«H& V.8.1, ?dWi or Bent in lain wrapper,
<Jißt»)w --^SrGl by express, prepaid, for
V^taßrß 11.00. or 3 bottles, &7\
p^* m Circular sen* or. * nest.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
TTEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
J^- modeled ana renovated. KING, WARD <E CO.
European plan. Rooms 50c to *1 50 per day, *J
I to f 8 per week. $8 to 930 per month: free baths:
I not and cold water every room; fire grace* la
[ every room; elevator runs all night.WORK OF THE Y. M. I. COMPLETED.
Santa Rosa Chosen as the Site for the Next
Grand Council, Which Will Meet
in August.
NEW GRAND OFFICERS
CHOSEN.
Sentiment of the Order An
nounced on the Question of
Temperance.
AGREED THAT POLITICS MUST
BE IGNORED.
Persons Engaged in the Sale of
I/quor Not Eligible to Office in
the Institute.
Grand President, James Gallagher of
Fresno. '
Grand Secretary, George Stanley of
San Francisco.
Portraits of the Leading Officers of the Grand Council, Y. M. 1., elected at Haywards Yesterday. Grand President James Gallagher Is a Leading Attorney in the City of
Fresno; First Vice-President George D. Pyne is a Prominent Citizen of Virginia City, Nev.; John O'Donnell, Grand Treasurer, Is a Popular Business Man of Oak
land; George A. Stanley, Grand Secretary, Is One of the Best Known of San Francisco's Y. M. I.; Grand Directors McGinnis, Morris, O'Brien .and Dockweiler
An cf San Francisco, and Judge St. Sure Is a Prominent Attorney of Alameda. I
[sketched from life by a "Call" artist.)
First Vice-President, George D. Pyne
of Virginia City.
Secoud Vice-President, James C.
O'Donnell of San Franclico.
Chaplain , Bishop Montgomery of Los
Angeles.
Grand Treasurer, John O'Donnell of
Oakland.
Inside Sentinel, M. J. Callaghan of
Llverinore.
Outside Sentinel, F. A. Sullivan of
Ocean View.
Grand Marshal, F. J. C. McHenry of
San Luis Oblspo.
Board of Directors— President, A. F.
St. Sure of Alameda; Secretary, Gebrge
Stanley of San Francisco; Frank B. Hoo
•on of Hayvrards, Dr. 11. T. Morris of
San Francisco, X. B. McGlnnis of San
Francisco, C. T. Healy of San Fran
rlico, 4. J. O'Brien of San Franclseo,
1.. K. Mahan of Eureka, J. V. Dock
weiler of Loi Angeles.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 22.— The
twelfth session of the Grand Council, Y.
M. 1., came to an end this afternoon after
having scored a victory for the temper
ance element of the order.
The election of grand officers and their
installation and the debate on three
amendments to the constitution con
sumed the whole of the day.
The temperance question was brought
into the council by the introduction of a
resolution by Father McKenna as follows:
Rttolvcd, That no person engaged in the sale
of intoxicating liquor will be eligible to any
office inthe gift of the grand or subordinate
councils ot the Y. M. I.
After considerable discussion for the
purpose of testing the sense of the con
vention the resolution was adopted.
Following on the heels of this came a
resolution to the effect that hereafter no
person engaged in the manufacture" or
sale of spirituous liquors should be
eligible to membership in the order. This
provoked a debate in which the temper
ance sentiment had full sway which was
ended by the author of the resolution
withdrawing it.
The next subject of importance was that
of the ordpr in politics. The sentiment of
the council was unequivocally to the effect
that politics should not bo introduced
into tbe order either directly or indirectly,
and the following resolution was unani
mously adopted as presented by A. R.
Denicke of San Jose :
Jtcsolccd, That any member using or claim
ing to use the name of the Y. M. I. for political
purposes, directly or indirectly, and being
found guilty thereof after n. fair and impartial
trial by an arbitration committee, shall be ex
pelled from the order forever.
Another resolution introduced by J. R.
Dowdall was adopted providing that the
district deputy grand presidents shall
form district councils within their re
spective districts where feasible, and that
such councils be organized on the lines of
the present Fourth District council.
It was decided that at all future meet
ings of the Grand Council three members
of the Grand Council shall be appointed
by the chair to act in conjunction with
the local committees on arrangements.
FATHER YORKE'S LECTURE.
A Clear Exposition of the Catholic
Sentiment.
HAYWARDS, Cat,., May 22.— Every
seat in Native Sons' Hall was filled this
evening to hear Rev. P. C. Yorke speak on
a subject of much interest to Catholics and
others, namely, the relations of the mem
bers of tunt church to the American Re
public in general and the State in particu
lar.
The speaker was introduced by Past
President John Lynch, and was most en
thusiastically reci cd. He bejran by say
ing:
"When the founders of this Republic es
tabliehed it in the beginning they estab
lished it upon the broad basis of civil and
religious liberty. They knew that they
were building up a great nation, and
therefore they laid the foundations broad
and deep. Now, after 120 years of expe
rience, during which time* this Republic
has grown to be a mighty nation, we
hare learned that the foundations which
the fathers laid were none too broad and
none too deep.
"We have learned that it is a safe thing
to trust the common |people, that it is a
safe thine to give a large and rational
liberty, and we have learned above all
things that it is a safe thing to allow to
every man and every woman the
privilege of worshiping God as every man's
and woman's conscience shall dictate.
And it is strange that after these 120 years
we should find on the soil of this Republic
an attempt made to narrow the old foun
dations and to abridge the liberties which
the fathers gave.
•'lt seems strange that sny man or body
of men would, in the light of tnis ad
vanced age, seriously pretend or seriously
intend to Break down that religious lib
erty which has proved the safeguard of
this Republic, or to try to establish in its
stead the doctrine of bigotry and intoler
ance which has soaked the soil of this
world in tears and blood. Yet the attempt
is making and every one knows it. Our
papers reek with the doings of those who
try to refnse to a certain religious body in
this country the guarantees of the consti
tution.
"Politicians are compelled to dicker and
to bargain with them, and men who are
called statesmen go on their knees to the
representatives of secret societies, to tbe
bats and the owls that come out of their
caves and affront with their presence tne
god of day.
"I might ask what is the reason that
this should be so, or when in their long
history Catholics have ever been guilty of
word or deed or policy or fact that would
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
tend to show that they were enemies of
the constitution.
"la it not a glorious record that the
Catholics have? They are the founders of
religious liberty on this soil, and the red
of the flag is as dear to their blood as to
the blood of any other man of any class
or creed."
The speaker then quoted several con
spicuous examples in which Catholics had
prored their loyalty, and in which they
bad been entrusted with delicate and im
portant missives on behalf of the young
Republic.
"When the Catholics of America pre
sented an address to George WasWngton
and spoke to him of religious liberty and
expressed the hope that the country
which granted it would never regret it.
Washington in reply said that he believed
that as America became more liberal there
would be less danger of a return to intol
erance, and he added that America would
never forget tbat the chief assistance
which she had received in her glorious
struggle for independence had come from
a land in which the Catholic religion was
professed as the religion of the people —
the land of France.
"In these latter days when we are a
great Nation, greater than any other Na
tion in the world in material resources,
when we are able to defend our own shores
from foreign aggression, it is not easy to
understand what was the condition of the
thirteen colonies when they gained their
struggle for independence. In Canada
was a body of men professing the Catholic
religion, alien to them in blood and in
language, and it was absolutely necessary
that the neutrality of the French Cana
dians sbouM be secured.
"Whom did Washington, Jefferson and
the rest pick out for this a ission ?" asked
Father Yorke. "Were they afraid that a
Catholic would not serve liberty? Were
they afraid of the Roman collar and the
habit of the priest? No. Their minds
were too broad and liberal for that. They
picked out a Catholic who was a priest,
and a Jesuit at tbat — John Carroll, who
was Bishop of Baltimore, and sent him to
Canada to negotiate with the French-
Canadians, and those negotiations were
successful.
"Again at the critical period of our Civil
War, when it was feared that the Govern
ment*; of Europe might recognize the
Confederate States as belligerents and that
tne revolution would act disastrously to
the cause of the Union, do you think that
Seward and Lincoln were afraid of the
priests? When the French Emperor
Napolean 111 was ready and anxious to
recognize the South in order that he might
be able to set up an empire in Mexico,
when his message recognizing the South
was already set Tip in type in
the office of the London Times
ready to be published as soon
as the news should be received that he
had delivered it, who was it that stopped
hishana? Lincoln and Seward had aent
over from New York not some of the
patriots who are to-day going around pro
tecting this country for a salary, not some
of tnose Orange and Canadian patriots
who have left their country for their
country's good and for this country sor
row — no; they chose to go to the front on
that important diplomatic mission that
great and good man, the Archbishop of
New York, John Hughes.
"Whenever yon examine the patriots in
their patriotic garb you may see the
orange sticking oat in the rents of the red,
white and blue, and when you hear them
accuse the priests and bishops and Jesuits
of being disloyal, you can always bring
this argument in — the names of John Car
roll and John Hughes.
"Those men who make the charge of
disloyalty against Catholics forget the ser
vices which the Catholic laity rendered to
this country during her wars."
Here the speaker told of the result of an
investigation by a committee appointed by
the British House of Commons as to the
constituency of the American armies at
tbe time of the Kevolution, wherein it was
reported that one-fourth of the American
army was made up of native-born Ameri
cans, one-fonrtn of English and Scotch
and one-half of those men who in the*e
days are proclaimed to be unfit for office
because of their birthDlace and because of
the blood that flows in their veins—one
half of that army was made up of natives
of Ireland.
At this stage of the lecture a man in the
audience exclaimed, "That's a lie !" out he
was drunk and thought that he was cor
roborating the speaker, as was afterward
ascertained.
Father Yorke misunderstood the remark
of the inebriated individual and declared
that hs was willing to lay $100 on the table
in proof of his assertion tbat such a report
was made to the House of Commons. The
inebriate in the meantime had fallen
asleep and snored approval of the subse
quent proceedings.
The next subject touched upon by Father
Yorke was that of the present talk about
coast defenses. "Against a nation whose
red and bloody flag has scared the world
we are building a steel-clad navy and
erecting coast defenses; not against poor
Catholic Spain, not against Catholic
France, but against that Protestant coun
try, England.
"When we see a battle-ship like the
Oregon enter our beautiful bay, with our
glorious old flag floating from her mast
head, after having beaten in speed every
thing on the sea, we feel the greater pride
that American genius could conceive such
a work; that American skill could com
plete it, and that she is devoted to the
defense of American interests. And when
we look upon such splendid battle-ships
let us ask who was tbe father of the Ameri-
can navy? The first man who swept
the seas in American bottoms and nulled
down the flag of England, the father and
patriarch of that grand squadron which
defends our rights was saucy Jack Barry,
who, on being asked his name, replied:
"I'm Jack Barry; half Yankee, half Irish."
"If Catholics are disloyal," continued
the speaker, "it ought to be mighty easy
to find it out after 120 years. If we are
not true to the" flag, the lynx ey«s of those
who hate us ought to be able in that time
to spy out some act of disloyalty on our
part."
Father Yorke next told of the loyalty
of Catholics during the Mexican War,
when the men of Spanish blood and Cath
olic faith appealed to them not to fight
against their brothers in the faith, but in
vain. At Cerro Gordo the leader of the
charge of American troops, who was struck
down by a cannon bail, was General
James Shields, the man whu, when the
American army left the City of Mexico,
remained until the last, waving the
American flag.
"It has been said that during the war
Irish Catholics deserted the flag. Even
the number of deserters was given, and a
man who claims to be a major, but who is
no more a major than I am, professes to
have been a witness of it."
Father Yorke then spoke of the report
started by enemies of Catholics to the ef
lect that 70 per cent of the Irish soldiers
deserted during the war of the rebellion.
The persons who started and published
the report said that the figures were taken
from a book called "The German."
The speaker obtained a copy of the
work at one of the public libraries and
found that the book did not contain a
word on the subject. The head of the
War Department at Washington had time
and again announced that the department
did not possess and had not kept any
record of the nationality or creed of the
soldiers of the Civil War.
The relation of the church to the state,
the former dealing with matters concern
ing the soul the latter with the affairs of
the body, was explained by the speaker
from the Catholic point of view. They
were not in conflict; each had its inde
pendent sphere of action.
The lecture closed with a clear definition
of the Catholic idea of tbe infallibility of
the Pope, that infallibility, it being ex
plained, being confined to matters of
scripture and revelation.
Father Yorke was obliged to cut his lec
ture short, because he had to take the last
car, at 10 o'clock, for San Francisco. He
was liberally applauded throughout and
made a marked impression upon his
hearers.
AFTERNOON CONCERT.
The Oakland Band Discoursed
Choice Selections.
While the delegates were in session the
Oakland Concert band of sixteen pieces,
under the direction of Georee H. Richard
son, discoursed sweet music from the grand
stand on B street. The sidewalks were
lined with people and the street was cov
ered with country teams and vehicles
from the neighboring orchards and
ranches.
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon a free
dance until 5:15 was given in tbe large
hall of the Native Sons. After Father
Yorke's lecture there was another dance,
lasting till midnight.
The followins was the programme of the
afternoon concert:
Grand march, from "Tannhauser" (Wagner);
overture, "Barber of Seville" (Rossini); grand
polonaise for clarionet (Beissig), played by
Messrs. Ernst and Keogh ; concert waits, "Pline
d'Or"(\Valdtufel) ; selection from "Robin Hood"
(De Koven) ; overture, "Village Life in ye Olden
Time" (Le Thiere); "Mill in the Forest"
(Eilenberp); grand fantasia, from "II Trova
tor," for cornet and barytone, (Verdi); inter
mezzo, "Bui d'lnfant" (Jaxone); concert
galop; "Frolic" (George Blake).
HOW "OLD BETS" DIED.
She Was the First Elephant to Be
Brought to This Country.]
It would take a pretty ancient showman
to remember "Old Bets." She was the
first elephant ever brought into this coun
try for exhibition purposes. So far as is
known, she was the first elephant ever im
ported here at all.
Zachariah Bailey was one of a family of
showmen belonging to Danbury, Conn.
In later life Zach Bailey settled at Sowers.
Westchester County, and about this time
made up his mind that it would pay to
import an elephant and show it about the
country. After some trouble and much
expense he sneceeded in 1825 in bringing
over a female elephant, which he called
Betsy. Her keepers always alluded affec
tionately to her as "Old Bets," and as
"Old Bets" showmen of to-day refer to her.
Zachariah Bailey traveled ail over the
country with "Old Bets"— that is, he took
her wherever tne audience he could collect
would pay traveling expenses. No rail
road had accommodations for such an ani
mal, so she bad to be walked from town to
town, her keepers accompanying her on
horseback or on foot. Whenever they
struck a town where tbe show was likely
to pay a halt was called, an old barn in
the neighborhood hired for a temporary
showroom, and the country folks for miles
around crowded to see the wonderful
beast.
To-day the public appetite is satiated
with elephants, but in those primitive
days one such animal was enough to col
lect a crowd ol gaping spectators. Bailey
made a lot of money out of his venture.
Betsy came to a tragic end. She trav
ersed the country for about ten years. In
the fall of 1834 she was exhibited in the
town of Alford, Me. As she was leaving
the place, after the performance, she was
shot and killed by a bullet fired from the
window of an old mill that stood beside
the road where she was passing.
It was supposed that some ignorant
countryman, alarmed at the sight of the
strange beast, fired the shot which killed
her. The marksman was never discovered,
and Bailey lost in "Old Bets" a good
source of profit.— New York Recorder.
» »—•» — •
Skepticism.
"This weather," said the oldest inhabi
tant, "reminds me of my boyhood days."
"But they say it is the hottest April ever
known."
"Who says so?"
"The weather officials."
"Well, mebbe 'tis, mebbe 'tis," he
grumbled. "But if they don't show that
they know any more about the weather
we used to have than they do arxrat the
weather we're going to have, I'm blest if I
wouldn't rather depend on my own recol
lection."
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
OUT OF POLITICS
Frauds of Former Years
Which Have Been
Corrected.
GLARING CENSUS ERRORS
The Way It Was Stuffed by
Chief Marshal Hilde
brand.
IT CANNOT BE DONE NOW.
Reforms Begun by Superintendent
Anderson Continued by Marshal
W. W. Bausman.
In former years numerous scandals pre
vailed in the Public School Department,
especially relative to the annual school
census and the appointment of teachers.
It was alleged, upon seemingly good
grounds, thai there was altogether too
much politics in the department, and that
teachers and census marshals were
selected for political reasons rather than
for their fitness to teach or their executive
ability to take an accurate census of the
children, and so save the department
thousands of dollars and the residents and
taxpayers of San Francisco from a great
deal of unnecessary annoyance. Happily,
now the schools seem to be virtually out
of politics, and the City government — at
least tbe School Department — is more
notable for the Durity than the corruption
of its administration.
The public, doubtless, has not forgotten
the existence of the so-called "tough old
Board of Education," tbe disgraceful sales
of teachers' examination questions and
the gigantic census frauds of 1888. In that
memorable year E. C. Hildebrand, a Dem
ocrat, was the Chief Census Marshal, and
the record which he made was a most
notorious one, necessitating the retaking
of tne entire census, at a cost of some $5000
to the City. The results, though, were
well worth the expenditure, for the most
glaring frauds were unearthed by the in
vestigations of J. W. Anderson, who was
then Superintendent of Schools, and if j
Hildebrand had not decamped the State !
before filing and swearing to his report he ;
surely would have been sent to San Quen- i
tin. In those aays it was the fashion to
stuff the returns, so as to secure a big
share of money from the State apportion
ment. The post of Census Marshal— salary,
$5 a day— was a political sinecure. Ko
attempt was made by the marshals to fake
t\ correct census, or to swear to their re
turns. All they had to do was to go into
a corner grocery and fill up their books
with false and fradulent entries.
Since the time of Superintendent An
derson, or rather of Marshal Hildebrand,
a greatly improved system has prevailed.
For the last four years, especially, the cen
sus has been taken under the experienced
supervision of William W. Bausman with
the most satisfactory results. The story
of the frauds of 1888 is forcibly told by
Superintendent Anderson. In his annual
report for that year he says:
We have long been impressed with the fact
that for many years nothing even approxi
mating to a correct census of the children of
the City has been taken. Last year (1887)
when the census was taken we had neither the
knowledge nor the experience that was requi
site to pass a correct judgment as to the char
acter of the census, and as all the reports of
field work and that of the Chief Census Marshal
appeared to have been properly made out, we
passed the report of the latter to the State su.
perintendent.
At the proper time this year the Board of
NEW TO.SAT.
ELECTRIC LIFE.
Nerve Life, the Foundation of All
Force of Vitality, Is Derived From
Electricity. Discard Drugs and
Try the Modern Life=Giver.
Men, young in years but aged in appearance, aged in
vitality, wan featured, dull-eyed, slow-minded young men, young
men who have in a few short years thrown away the precious
vigor of youth, young men who have scarcely stepped upon the
pinnacle of manhood and find that they have lost their right to
stand upon it, young men who look back a few years and see
themselves as they were, blooming into youth, and now, as they
are, at the age when manhood should be complete, the heart
strong and the eye bright, they find the force of manhood gone-
wasted.
Middle-aged men and old men who realize that they have
not the force of vitality which should be theirs — men of any age
who are lacking in animal vitality can be made new by Dr.
Sandan's Electric Belt. It will not fail. It cannot fail, as it
infuses into the weakened parts the force of life and strength—
the force which is the origin of all vital power— Electricity .
Every man who is weak in any respect, and particularly in
his vital powers, should read Dr. Sanden's celebrated work,
"Three Classes of Men," which has had a circulation of over a
million copies. A pocket edition of this work is published, and
will be sent free by mail, sealed from observation, to any one
who, will apply for it. Send for it to-day.
&J&.TSTJOJZHST ELECTR.IO CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 F. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
— OFFICES
I.OS ANGELES. CAI» I PORTLAND. OR.
i.04 South Broadway. | ->;■•; 253 Washington street
HBMHMBHaHOftmiMHßHnnfeaHMnDnnnkdlßHßEsv''
Education appointed E. C. Hlldebrand as Chief
Census Marshal and forty-one assistant mar
shals. As has been customary in this City,
and as we are informed throughout the State,
the marshals entered upon the discharge of
their duties without having taken the oath of
office. It seems to have been the general un
derstanding that it was not necessary for the
marshals to take this oath. • • • •
Fearing that the report of Chief Marshal Hil
debrand would not be accepted by the State
Superintendent, we conferred with him and
through him with the Attorney-General. The
opinion of both these officers convinced us
that no other course remained but that of re
taking the entire census. • • • We accord
ingly ordered that the census should be again
taken throughout the entire City. The utmost
care was observed In selecting the chief mar
shal and the assistants. We even went so far
as to secure the services of one on whose
knowledge, experience and integrity we could
positively rely.
When the report of Chief Census Marshal
Jerome Spauldlng was presented, it was found
that a vast disparity existed between it and
that presented by Hildebrand. According to
that of the latter the number of children In the
City between the ages of 5 ana 17 was shown
to be 82,963, and the the number below 17,
-401. The Spaulding census showed the
number between 5 and 17 to be only 57,713
and the number below 5 to be 21,453, a de
crease in the number between 5 and 17 of
22,930, and an increase in the number be
low 5 of 4057.
Chief Marshal Jerome Spaulding was
succeeded by W. J. Keightley, the imme
diate predecessor of Marshal Bailsman.
The following returns made by him for
the last four years show a normal but not
unreasonable increase in the school census
children:
1893.... 68,317
1894..... 68,390
1896. ; 70.006
1896 71,822
The first term of Marshal Bausman waa
served under Superintendent Scott, who
originated the idea of the census blanks
that are now sent to all homes and so se
cure the listing of many children who
would otherwise be missed. Experienced
and trustworthy men are now preferred ia
the taking of the census, and to prevent
fraud neither the Chief Marshal nor any
of his assistants can draw any pay until
their reports have been sworn to and ap
proved by the Superintendent of Schools.
PERILS OF A JOKE
It Was Only a Little One, bnt It Cost
the Jokers Much Law and 9900.
This story illustrates the perils of prac
tical joking in Germany. Eighteen months
ago four gentlemen of leisure from the
Rhine country went to the kirmess in
Bullay. Ihey rode about with a cabby
and drank wine, and drank wine
and rude about with a cabby until
they were overtaken by the con
ditions of mind and body which accom
pany these performances at German festi
vals. Then they began to dispute with
the cabman as to the weight of his horse
and cab. Eventually they offered him 60
pfennigs (or about 12 cents a pound) for
the whole equipage. He accepted tbe
offer. The horse and cab went on the
scales and registered 3000 Dounds.
The whole outfit was worth about $75, so
the cabman hastened to surrender it and
demand nis 12 cents a pound, or $360 in
all. The four men of leisure then pro
tested that it was all a mistake — a joke, in
fact — and they couldn't think of paying
$360 for a $75 equipage. They went away,
but the cabman sent cab and horse after
them by express, C. O. D. When the four
gentlemen of leisure refused to follow the
practical part of the joke further the cab
man sued them. lie carried on the case
from court to court, in response to their
appeals from each successive decision m
his favor, and two weeks ago obtained the
final judgment in hia favor from the High
Court of Justice in Coblenz. The costs,
meantime, had risen to $540, so the four
gentlemen of leisure were ordered by the
court to pay $900, all told. That is the
total cost of the practical joke about the
cabman's $75 outfit, excepting the private
retainers, which, for the defense of the
four jokers through the steady legal fight
of a year and a half, are said to amount to
about $600 more. The Bullay cabman has
bought a pair and a Victoria, and has gone
to Berlin to carry men with titles and
spurs on their boots. — New York Sun.
A stockman who rode through the Weka
Pass recently states that he passed through
a cloud of moths, which settled on him
and his horse in such numbers that there
was not a square inch of either uncovered.
The cloud kept with him for a quarter of a
mile. The moths rose from the road like
a sheet of cloth being lifted into the air.
Sea slugs not only hear, but are said by
naturalists to emit a sound somewhat re
sembling the ticking of a clock.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
Judging from the number of cycling.
clubs that will journey into the country
to-morrow, it is safe to say that club runs
v. ill be a very popular pastime this sum
mer.
The sportsmen who love to handle a gun
are looking forward with particular inter
est to the inanimate target tournament
which will be held in Stockton next week.
The boating clubs have crews in train
ing for the El Campo regatta, which will
be held on the 30th inst.
There will be two coursing meetings to
morrow.
The lovers of rifle-shooting, handball,
cricket ana other sports are enjoying
themselves immensely.
THE WHEELMEN.
Last of the National Circuit Race
Meets at Central Park.
CLUB KU-NS TO-MORROW:
Buy City Wheelmen— To Souther Farm.
Creiicent Road Club— To Camo Taylor.
(iarden City Cyclers— To Souther Fnrm.
Imperial Cycling Club— To San ltafael.
Liberty Cycling Club —To Lake
Chabot.
Olympic Club Wheelmen— To Souther
I'ariu.
Olympic Cyclers— To Souther Farm.
Outing Road Club— To Camp Taylor.
To-day's racing at Central Park, the last
day of the National circuit her 6, promises
to be even better than that of last Satur
day, as there are many more professionals
entered and the card for both the after
noon and evening events is good. The
one-mile novice, one-mile amateur handi
cap and two-thirds of a mile professional,
scratch, will be run off in the afternoon,
und in the eveuiug there will be a half
mile scratch, amateur, and a one-mile
handicap, professional. The men have
had the advantage of another week's
training, and all are ridinjt faster than they
did a week ago, having now become thor
oughly accustomed to the track. Wells is
credited with having covered a lap in 18
seconds yesterday afternoon, which is at a
gait of 1:48 for the mile, pretty lively
going.
Besides the entries published in Thk
Call yesterday the following additional
ones were received: C. Sittenheiru, Un.;
Q. H. Crafts, P. M. Lefevere and J. H.
Otey, Acme Club, and C. Birdsall, Califor
nia Club, in the amateur events, and O. L.
Pickard, Acme, professional.
On Saturday, May 30, the Alpha (Ladies')
Cycling Club of this City will be given
possession of the grounds and will conduct
a ract' mcct — the tirst ever held nniiersuch
conditions in the United States.
There will be a big joint run to Souther
Farm, near San Leandro, to-morrow. It
lias Ween arranged by Captain Gill of the
Olympic Club, who will take the cross
country athletes there on a sort of outing,
ami has invited the Olympic Cyclers,
Olympic Wheelmen and Bay City NVheel
nifii oi this City and the Gardeii City Cy
clers of Ban Jose. The members of these
wheeling organizations will meet at the
( llympic Club to-morrow morning not later
ll.an >>:Ij o'clock. There is a track on the
grounds they will visit and after lunch
there will be bicycle and foot races. This
should prove one of the luost enjoyable
runs of the season aud Captains Biuz,
Fawcett, Pluinmer and Carey of the four
invited wheeling clubs have issued postal
notices urging all their men not to miss
"the treat of the season."
\\ . A. Terriil of the Bay City Wheelmen,
who is usually known as "Bob," is one of
the fastest professional riders on the track
to-day. He went East last spring and
rode the entire year on the National cir
cuit with the Syracuse team. Although
twice disabled by bad falls, which in
capacitated him from riding for weeks at
a time, bis percentage at the end of the
season was remarkably good. He spent
the recent winter at Coronado with the
record teams and was instrumental In se
curing several of those that were made,
some of which he holds himself. At the
races at Central Park last Saturday Terrill
surprised his friends by his wonderful rid
ing, and there was only one man on the
track — Wells— who was his equal. He beat
Foster, Coulter, McCrea, Davis and the
other professionals with ease, and the two
Bay Citys — Wells aud Terrill— carried
everything before them, winding first and
second, respectively, in the two pro
fessional events of the meet. Terrill is
nearly six feet tall and in condition rides
at about 190 pounds. He is very quiet and
retiring, rides his races fairly, and is pop
ular with his competitors, officials and
ruce-meet-goers in general.
Captain James Conlin, of the Crescem
Road Club, has called a club run to Camp
Taylor for to-morrow, leaving on the 8
o'clock Sausalito boat.
The Outing Road Club will go to Camp
Taylor to-morrow also, taking the same
boat. Both clubs will take the train to
San Anselmo junction, and wheel from
there to destination, thus avoiding the
Corte Madera hill, beside which White's
hill, which they must surmount to get to
Camp Taylor, is but a little kn,oll.
LaKe Chabot will be the destination of
the Liberty Cycling Club to-morrow, led
by Captain Beattie. About a dozen of the
members made a century run around the
bay last Sunday.
the Olympic Club Wheelmen will have
a joint run with the Terminal City Wheel
men of Stockton on Sunday, May 3L The
Olympics will go up on the river boat
Saturday night, returning the same way
Monday morning. The trip should be a
iolly one.
On May 30, at Boston, Nat Butler, holder
of the two-mile American record, in com
petition, and W. W. Hamilton, the Denver
rider, who has the world s record for the
fastest paced mile on a track (1:39 3-5) will
meet in an hour race. The match was
announced lust week, and created some
surprise. Butler is known lor his staying
qualities, while Sliaefer, Hamilton's
trainer, believes that his protege can beat
uny man in the world in an hour nice, uml
at some other distances, too. Both riders
will have their own pacemakers.
R. M. Welch, member of the National
Racing Board in California, has issued his
bulletin No. 11, dated May 22, 1896, as fol
lows: , . li/'X'n .
Sanctions granted— May 23. Portland High
School. Portland, Or. ; M«.y 23, Kern County
High School, Kakerslielil, Cal.; May 23, San
Francisco Cycle Racing Association, San Fran
cisco; May. ,3o, T. \V. Simpson, Pocatello,
Idaho; May 80, Grass Valley Athletic Club,
Grass Valley, Cal. ; May 80, < San Francisco
Cycle Racing Association, San Francisco; June
»1, San Francisco Cycle Racing Association,
San Francisco. . ,
National', circuit dates: May 23, Santa
Monica, Cal:, canceled and San Francisco sub
stituted; May < 30,'" Phoenix, Ariz., cancelled'
and Los Angeles, Cal., substituted; Tucson,
Ariz., changed to June 2; El Paso, Tex., June
3, canceled; San' Antonio, Tex., changed to
June 5. ' ■ ■ '
Transferred to professional class: Charles
Hill. Fresno, Cal.'; own request.
Suspension of 11. F. Terrill terminated.
For permitting its track to be used for races
between women, the L&s:'Angeles- Athletic
Club is suspended from sanction privileges for
sixty days ironi May 9. ' R. -M. -Welch, •
, Member National Racing Board.
The Imperial Cycling Club will have a
run to San Rafael to-morrow under Cap
tain Barrow. There will be a members'
meeting next Monday evening.
). The regular bi-monthly meeting of the
California Associated Cycling Clubs will
be held Saturday evening, June 6."
George D. Gideon, ', chairman of the
National racing board, will act as referee
at the League of American Wheelmen's
meet at Louisville. Other prominent
j wheelmen selected as officials are: F. J.
: Wagner of Chicago, clerk of course; F.
j Howard Tuttle and W. C. Marion, an-
I nouncers: Charles Peroival of Boston, A.
D. Peck of Boston and C. P. Root of Chi
cago, starters.
Ihe California Cycling Club is making
arrangements for a live-mile handicap
road race, to be held over the San Carlos
course on the third Sunday in June, the
21st. There will be a long prize list and
a great many entrants.
A good many fast racing men are now
training at the Fountain Ferry track at
Louisville, Ky. Of the cracks there are
Bald. Gardiner and Ziegler; among the
leaser lights are the Coburn brothers, Fred
Allen, Orlando Stephens, Georce D. Grant,
Homer Fairmon, A. 8. Lee, Ed McKeon,
B. Stowers and Frank Shaw.
The Alameda cyclers will hold a lantern
parade through tlie streets of Alameda,
Thursday evening, May 28, in connection
with the floral festival oi the Woman's
Exchange of Alameda. All the clubs of
any importance around the bay have been
invited. The parade will last one hour,
from 8 to 9 p. m. City clubs should take
the 7F. m. broa i gauge to Bay-street sta
tion, or*j;4s r. m. narrow-gauge to Morton
street. Tiie parade will form at Central
avenue and Morton street. A valuable
trophy is offered to the visiting club mak
ing the finest display, and it will be con
tested for by tlie California, Olympic,
Acme, Reliance and Imperial clubs.
It is possible for wheelmen to injure
themselves physically by an over-indul
gence in wheeling, in taking to the exer
cise ravenously at the start of their ca-eers.
As sooii as a person b'iys a wheel, the first
thought is for a spin over country roads.
Considerable discretion should be exer
cised in this resoect. Begin by taking
short rides, and increase them in propor
tion to the strength developed. By fol
lowing ttiis method it will relieve the
rider of many strains and stiff joints, that
always ensue when wheelmen exhaust
themselves by riding too fiercely at tbe
outset.
The departure of Murphy, Riser and
Wlieeler for the Continent leaves more
vacancies in the lists of the professional
riders who will follow the circuit and
battle for honors as of yore. There are
still left half a dozen riders who are likely
to be candidates lor championship laurels,
however. Bald heads the list, owing to
the prestige he established as a prize
winner last year.
Cooper is* training and riding harder
than he ever did before, and will not even
condition himself on trie same track with
liald, preferring to ride alone until the
tune arrives for the men to meet. If Ca
banne is reinstated he will always be up
front, while smooth-sailing Arthur Gardi
ner has friends who predict many things
for him. The one man they want to all
look out for is W. C. Sanger, the Milwau
kee giant, whom none of them "went up
against" last year, as he was a "pro," and
tuey were in class B. This year they are
in his class, but they may not think so
after he has raced with them a few times.
Ziegler, Wells and Terrill, the Californians
who will follow the circuit, will also give
good accounts of themselves.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club wiil give
an entertainment and dance this evening
at Mission Parlor Hall. In the past sim
ilar affairs of this club have been very en
joyable, and it is expected this one will
eclipM all former efforts of the members I
in this particular direction.
Alan B. Bowen of the Diamond Cyclers,
Alameda, and Olympic Club of this City,
who started down the San Joaquin Valley
a-wheel about a week ago for tiie Olympic,
wired the publishers of that paper yester
day that he had just arrived at Tulare, I
having been four days in a sandstorm and 1
lorty-eight hours without food or water, i
He is evidently having a rough time of it, '■
but is strong and hardy, and will pull
through all right.
The California Camera Club will have a
beiH'iit at th? Tivoh next Thursday even
ing, May 28, and the Camera Club Cyclists
are urranging theater parties of the vari
ous cycling clubs of the City to attend.
The Bay Citys and Olympics will go en
masse. Scalding.
THE ANGLERS.
Why the Trout In San Andreas
Lakes Are Not Fit to Eat.
Fish Commissioner Eraeric is authority
For the statement that the yearling Loch
Leven trout which are now enjoying the
cool and placid waters of a small lake near
the Sisson hatchery will in the very near
future be accorded an opportunity of
looking out for their own interests in the
small streams which feed the large rivers
of ihe Sierras.
The game little "highlanders" will be
distributed in the creeks which flow into
theTmckse and McCloud rivers, and the
lake from which they will be taken is to
be stocked with fry of the Brown or Yon
Behr trout.
Those last named fishes will remain "at
home" until they are a year old when they
will be liberated in the snow-fed streams
of the SisKyous. Mr. Ernerie states that
neither the Brown nor Luck Leven trout
will be planted in any of the coast
streuras because at present tlie commi-Mon
has not enough fry of either variety at
hand to make a general distribution.
"If we should stock the coast streams
with those fishes," said the commis- j
ioner "the anglers would soon clean
them out, as they (the fish catchers) make
no distinction between nngeriings and
trout properly speaking.
"Anything that has the appearance of a
trout that is of an inch and upward in size
gees into the baskets of the so-called
anglers who fish the streams within easy
reach of this City. Of course there are
some exceptions, but, generally speaking,
the City angler seldom returns a fingerling
to its element.
"We intend to plant those tront foreign to
the waters of this coast, where they will be
accorded protection, and when they have
accumulated we will then stock your coast
streams.
"Last year one of our deputies, Al Wil
son, planted several thousand cut-throat
trout in the head waters of Lagunitas
Creek. If they are not all caught by this
time they should be about four inches in
length. Next season we shall know what
the result will be from the planting of this
grand table-fish. The Sonoma Creek was
also stocked with cut-throattrout, but it is
yet too early to make a prediction."
Mr. Emeric will leave in a few weeks for
the headwaters of the Sacramento River
on a fishing trip.
Anglers are puzzled to know why the
Spring Valley Water Company keeps its
lakes closed to the fraternity. A large
stockholder in the concern, who is very
•liuch attached to the sport of trout-hsh
ing, said yesterday that if he had any voice
in the management of the lakes— that is
so far as the helling is concerned— he
would allow anglers to fish in San Andreas
Lake during the entire season.
"The fish of this lake," said the stock
holder, "are of the steelhead variety and
when the water becomes warm in July
the lishes grow sick and indolent, because
it is not natural for them tn be in fresh
water during the summer months.
"Fresh-water parasites attack them, and
their only hope of freedom from suffering
is in a run to salt water, but this op|n>r
tunity is denied the steelheads of the
Spring Valley lakes. If the lake in ques
tion was cleared of its anadromous fishes
and stocked with cutthroat, Brown and
Loch Leven trout, th^n the company
would have fishes which any man fond of
angling could feel proud of presenting his
friends."
A large number of anglers visited Pieta
Creek last Sunday, but they found more
water than fish. The stream Is yet too
high for trout-fishing, and like many
other creeks the Pieta will not b« in con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
dition to whip with a fly until about the
middle of June.
John Butler caught fifty nice trout last
Wednesday in Lagunitas Lake. Mr. Butler
had excellent success on a fly of his own'
dressing, which he named "the Leramer
killer."
J. S. Bell of- Los Alamos, Santa Barbara
County, was in this City recently. He
stated that trout-fishing in tbe Santa Ynez
River is now first class.
Last Wednesday evening the Fly Cast
ing Club journeyed to Sutro oaths for the
purpose of experimenting in fly casting
under the new electric lights which
Colonel Robinson had arranged specially
for the fly casters. After a few trials the
club was convinced that fly casting by
electric light was a failure, as the drop of
the fly could not be detected by the caster.
The splash made by the line was easily
discernible, but that was not the object de
sired by the club. In all probability the
practice casting meets of the club will be
held in future on Mountain Lake, near the
Marine Hospital. This sheet of water is
sheltered by the surrounding hills, and
should be a most admirable location for
fly casting.
GUN AND DOG.
Teams That Are Practicing: for the
Stockton Tournament.
On Sunday the Empire Gun Club will
hold its monthly shoot at Alameda Point,
and at the Lincoln Club grounds the
much-talked-of interstate club team shoot
will take place.
The principal event of the year— that is,
so far as inanimate-target shooting is con
cerned—will be the tournament of the
California Inanimate Target Association,
which will commence on the 30th inst. on
the grounds used by the sportsmen of
Stockton for trap-shooting. Trap-shooters
from all parts of the State will be present
to participate in this great shooting festi
val. The teams that are booked to contest
Chester I-ipp, Champion Juvenile Innni
mate'Target Shooter of >Vheatland.
Cal.
"or the many prizes have been practicing
[or several week:*, and it is a safe predic
tion that some very excellent scores will
be made.
Martinas t". Chick and F. L. Budd of San
Diego have been elected members of the
San Joaquin Gun Club and will be among
th»* team that will represent the San Joa
quin Gun Club at the Stockton tourna
ment.
Some of the sportsmen of this City
Whose dojrs won diplomas at the Los An
geles bench show are indignant because
the secretary of the southern club has not
forwarded the winning papers nor an-
Bwered toe letters that had been written
to him on the matter. Secretary Tunk
may possibly be away from home.
Mr. Wheekinil of Wheeiand & Collins is
a greut admirer of dogs. Among his
kennel are several beautiful mastiffs and
fox-terriers. His mastiff. Prince, is prob
ably the best specimen on this coast of the
breed he represents. Prince was entered
tor the Pacific Kennel Club's bench show,
but he did not win anything. This is how
his owner explains a reason for the dog's
failure to win a prize.
"On the morning of the opening of the
show I sent the dog to the Pavilion, with
orders that he be place! in the bench set
apart for him. The superintendent, on
being asked for information as to where
the benches for the mastiffs were situ
ated, summarily ordered the handler of the
do? "to take him out of here and bring
him back to-morrow,' which order was
obeyed so far as the taking of the dog
home was concerned. 1 met the handler
and the dog as they were leaving the
Pavilion, and on learning what had hap
pened 1 hastened to the club's headquar
ters on Market street and demanded an
explanation. Well, they had my entrance
money, and I guess that's all they wanted.
I could get no satisfaction, because I
complied with their .rules. Anyhow, I
sent the dog home, and in the future 1
shail steer clear of dog shows and those
who manage them. lam satisfied, how
ever, that my dog would have won first
prize had he been exhibited."
Word has just been received that the
diplomas won by sportsmen of this City
who had dogs on exhibition at Los Angeles
arrived last night.
ATHLETIC.
How the Olympic Club Will Enjoy a
Day's Outing To-Morrow.
The Olympic Club will enjoy a splendid
day's outing at Souther farm, San Lean
dro, to-morrow. A programme of athletic
events has been arranged by Captain Gill.
The wheelmen will also contest in the
bicycle events slated for the occasion.
Immediately after the Sunday event
Captain Gill will commence to make his
selections from among the outdoor ath
letes. He will order the sprinters and
jumpers to go into active training, so that
a team can be selected at the earliest pos
sible notice which will represent the club
in the great games to be Held in Portland
under the auspices of the Multnomab
Athletic Club in the latter part of June.
Eight men from the Olympic Club will
be chosen from among the large number
of atnletes who have signified a desire to
go north as representatives of the club.
Captain Gill says that he will be very par*
ticular in maKing selections and that only
the athletes who will train hard need hope
for a place in the team.
A letter from Visalia to Thk Cat,l says
that a (trseco-Koman wrestling match be
tween Ed Ray of New Jersey (a retired
sprinter), and James Edwards of Visalia
will be held on the evening ot the 30th
inst., in the Visalia Athletic Club gymna
sium on Oak street.
Professor Al Lean, the wrestling in
structor of the Reliance Club and Thomas
Carroll, the professional champion hum
mer-thrower, have been matched for
a hicli jumping contest to take
place during the Caledonian games
at Snell Mound on May 30.
Both men have put up $50 and are now
training hard for the event. Last year
Lean made the record of rive feet ten and
c half inches, while Carroll is known to
have jumped as high as five feet nine
inches. Lean did five feet ten in practice
the first of the week. He has already
trained down from 178 to 167 pounds. Be
sides competing in the special match.
Lean will also take part in the sprints. In
practice at the Shell Mound track he did
two laps, a distance of 352 yards, in 48
seconds. His record last year was 44 sec
onds, and he expects to equal it this year.
Last year Lean got away with fourteen
iirst prizes at the Caledonian games.
The Oakland High School athletes have
lost their proposed cinder path in front of
the High School building. The Board of
Education was at first inclined to grant the
request of the boys for the track, but the
members have finally come to the conclu
sion that the High School grounds are a
little too public for such a purpose, and so
at the meeting Monday evening the board
rescinded its previous action in adopting
the cinder-track plan. The boys will have
to content themselves with their Market
street quarters at present.
THE OARSMEN.
Crews That Will Contest In the
Great Regatta of Next Week.
The programme of events for the regatta
of next Saturday iB now completed, and
the oarsmen who are to settle the question
of supremacy are now in a fit condition to
row the race of their lives. They will con
tinue training up to the day previous to
the regatta.
The races will start promptly at 11
o'clock, and the first boat from the City
will leave at 10 o'clock. The course over
which the race& will be rowed is a mile
and a half, with a turn.
The entries for the different events are
now all in and are as follows:
3enior four-oared barge, South End Clvb —
Frank Duplissea, stroke; Robert McArthur,
after waist and captain; Gus Carson, forward
waist; Henry Bode, bow, and George McGrlll,
coxswain.
San Francisco Athletic Club— George Bates,
stroke; Henry Smitd, forward waist; Dave
Campbell, after waist; Thomas Barry, bow, and
George McDermott, coxswain.
Junior four-oared barge, Olympic Club-
James McElroy, stroke; Percy Morse, after
waist ; Paul Sturdivant, forward waist ; Michael
Collins, bow, and Doc Flynn, coxswain.
Ariel Rowing Club— X. J- Prcndergast,
stroke; J. Kackman after waist; A. Racouiliat,
forward waist; Johnson Hardy, bow, aud E.
J. Wilson, coxswain.
Stockton Atnietic Association— Thomas Car
keek, stroke; C. A. Spencer, after waist; H. A.
Swift, forward waist; C. Davis, bow, and Wil
liam Dolan, coxswain. Substitutes— A. G.
Brnwn and \V. H. Lyons.
South Ena Club— J. K. Scully, stroke; James
Pallas, after waist; MRtt Breen, forward waist;
A. Haints, bow, and George Merrill, coxswain.
Dolphin Swiruining aud Boating Ciub— John
Coughlin, stroke- E N. Sullivan, after waist;
W. O. Patch, forward waist; Fred Woerner,
bow, and Georite Roach, coxswain. Substi
tutes—F. J. Kennedy and Al Kanard.
San Francisco Athletic Club— George Ra
phael, stroke; A. Dilges, after waist; P. Ma
roui, forward waist ; George Sullivan, bow, and
George McDenuoit, coxswain.
Senior amateur single scull— Frank Duplis
sea, South End Rowing Club; William Mc-
Causiand, Ariel Rowing Club.
J jnior amateur single scull— Al Fritz, South
End Rowing Club, and A. G. Brown, Stockton
Athletic Association.
Junior amateur outrigger skiff— Fred W.
Ayers, Alameda Boating and Swimming Club;
W. O. Patch, Dolphin Club, and N. J. Prender
gast and J. R. Bockman of tlie Ariel Club.
Senior amateur outrigger skiff— John Coueh
lan, Dolphin Club; Dr. Cecil C. Dennis and
B.J. I'embroke of the Alameda Boating and
Swimming Club; George Wilson, Ariel Rowing
Club.
The above oarsmen are all first-class per
formers.
The senior single scull race between
young McCausland and Duplissea is at
tracting much attention.
The rowing fraternity were expecting J.
Coughlin of the Dolphins to enter this
race, but he was unable to procure a suit
able boat, and will therefore only take
part in the skiff races.
The junior four-oared barge race will be
very interesting, and the knowing ones
are backing the Olympic Club crew to
win, but Stockton promises to send down
a crew that will surprise the native-.
The other crews represented are train
ing bard, and if form is any criterion they
should give their heavier opponents, the
Olympics and Stocktonians, a hard race.
In the senior outrigger skiff race are en
tered the best skiff- rowers on the coast,
and it remains to be seen what George
Wilson, R. M. Ellis and Dr. Cecil Dennis,
who have just left the junior ranks, will
do aeainsX such clever men as S. J. Pem
broke and John Coughlan.
The senior crew of the South End Row
ing Clvb — the ttower of the four-oared
crews of the coast— are anticipating a hard
race from the San Francisco Athletic Club
crew. The Southenders defeated all other
crews on the coast in a mile and a half
race by about four lengths, but could only
beat the San Francisco Athlotic Club
crew by a boat's length in a three-mile
race, it therefore goes without saying that
this race, as well as all of the others, will
prove very exciting.
In the alternoon the race between the
three companies of the League of the Cross
Cadets will take place. Much rivalry ex
ists among these oarsmen, and the whole
contingent of the league of the Cross
Cadets is becoming stirred up over the
affair. A large gathering of the boys will
be at El Campo to cheer for their favorite
crew.
The personnel of the different crews is
as follows:
Company M, St. Francis Parish — P.
Quirk, T. Dinan, G. Monnin and E. Kane.
Company C, St. Patrick's Parish— F.
Fitzgerald, H. Smith, J. O'Neil, Rob Can
non and Jim Gerrt>n coxswain.
Company L, Mission Dolores Parish —
W. L. Clark, J. Feegan, J. Foley, Edward
McKeon and Fred Lane, coxswain.
The crews that will row for a special
trophy are training regularly from the
South End boathouse.
The prizes for trie different events will
be gold and silver medals to Ihe winners
of the first and second places in each race
that has more than two entries.
In addition to the medals donated by
the South End Club Assessor Siebe and
County Clerk Curry have put up a set of
gold medals for the barge races. Sheriff
Whelan has donated a handsome gold
medal for the senior single-scull event,
and Al Rodgers, the boat-builder, will also
give a pair of spoon oars to the winner of
this event.
Superintendent of Streets Thomas Ash
wortn has given an order to a local jeweler
for a magnificent gold and silver mounted
tankard to be given to the winner of the
senior outrigger-skiff race.
Five members of the South End Clvb —
Ed N. Shorthall, Francis M. Haynes, John
A. Lenaban, John O'Gara and Thomas J.
Barry— have just graduated from the
Hastings^ Law College and been admitted
to the bar before the Supreme Court. The
club has now eight attorneys in its ranks,
and a race between two crews of them
would prove interesting.
At a meeting of the Dolphin Club last
evening A. P. Rothkopf, J. B. Keenan and
W. O. Patch were elected delegates to the
P. A. A., and A. P. Rothkopf was re
eJected as the club's representative to the
board of managers.
The club will bold a high jinks at the
foot of Polk street Sunday, May 31, and a
regatta open to all at 11 a. m. Swimming
races with the following entries will fol
low: N. Yon Hadeln. A. Sc uppert, J.
Manon, C. J. Moyan, Joseph Sulhvan, F.
Woerner and J. J. Cronin. A uold medal
donated by A. I. RothKopf will be given
the winner.
J. Coughlin and W. O. Patch will row
a special race for a cup donated by Al
White.
The Dolpnins will hold their picnic at
Sunset Park on June 7.
The boat clubs at Long Bridge will soon
meet a long felt want. They intend
to lay Spring Valley water pipes along the
bridjfe to the boat* houses, and will also
erect shower bath rooms.
The Pioneer Clnb were sadly disap
pointed with their outing at Goat Island
last Sunday, owinz to the very rough
weather. One of their fine boats was also
damaeed considerably.
The Ariels are looking forward to the
launching of their new gasoline launch
before May 30. and expect to have much
enjoyment with it this summer.
HANDBALL.
Games That Will Be Well Worth
Seeing To-Morrow.
The handball courts will be packed to
morrow by the lovers of the good old Irish
pastime. The programmes arranged -are
firs', class, and good sport will assuredly
result. At Phii Ryan's court the follow
ing pameswill take place.
_p - Ry*n and Dan Rodffers vs. M. McNeil and
Q. McDonald; J. White and E. Edwards vs. R.
Murphy and G. Stansbury ; P. Hutchluson and
1. Kelly ts. J. .Nelson aud D. Connelly; T.
Bonnet and P. Donnelly vs. J. Feeney and R.
I.enihan; J. Riordan (coast champion) and G.
Hutchinson vs. J. Ilarlow and J. Lawless.
An the Union Handball Court Ben Chapman
and T. Lenihan will play J. Howard and
George MeGaire. Terry McManus and J.
Lavicne will play J. Rogers and J. O'Donnell.
The event of the day will be between J. J.
Feeney and Al. Pennoyer vs. R. Lenihan and
M. J. Kilgallon.
THE PISTOL.
Successful Experiments Made With
the New Nitro Cartridges.
The interest in pistol and revolver shoot
ing is increasing of late among the local
marksman, and in the near future it is
likely tnat there will be some interesting
matches with these firearms. The excel
lent performance recently of A. B. Darreil,
in which he bunched ten consecutive shots
in a three-inch circle at 50 yards, has made
other experts with small arms desirous of
gettimtinto the front ranks. At present
there are only two clubs where any atten
tion is paid to pistol-shooting — the Colum
bia Pistol and Rifle Club and the Califor
nia Schuetzen Club.
With improvement in the use of tbis
weapon comes the desire for the very best
ammunition that can be obtained.
In the small cartridge, 22, the 22 long
rifle has been the best as to regularity, ac
curacy and penetration. Local pistol shots
have been awaiting the advent of a 22
smokeless cartridge which would combine
these qualities to take the place oi the
dirty black powder article. The 22 short
has not proved a success, irregularity being
the principal and great objection. The
appearance of a 22 long smokeless cartridge
on the market was met with gratification
by some and misgivings by many. The
ballet of the new cartridge weighs 28%
grains and the explosive is a pea green
nitro powder with a stiong otlorof cam
phor. In the new article the head of the
shell is made much stronger, which pre
vents swelling. While no record test has
been made of this ammunition several
private tests by the members of the Colum
bia Club have proved very satisfactory.
P. O. Young fired off several boxes and
F. O. Young's Seven Consecutive Shots
With the Sew 22 Long >itro Car
tridges.
found but one poor shell. In accuracy
they are equal to any of the black. Young
in a run of twelve shots at twenty-four
feet, off-hand, cut eleven spots in ordinary
playing cards.
The last seven targets are given in the
accompanying cut and it equals the per
formance of the late Chevalier Ira Paine,
who tcoK special pride in cutting the spots
out |of playing cards. The penetrating
NEW TODAT.
3 lii«ifiii« m I
letnUi
As far as the eye can reach no limit or bound to the
resources of the old=line butchers exists, hence no jaded or
inferior stock is foisted by them upon an unsuspecting public.
It is sold, too, at prices that defy competition when quality is
considered. Patronizing the butchers who have helped build
up this Western country to the proud position it occupies
means protection to yourself. It means not only the protection
of vast business resources, but the maintenance of healthy
competition. The woman makes no wild guess who supports
home industry in opposition to the invasion of foreign monopoly
J. H. fIeMEIOHY, Stalls 7, 8 and 9, California Market. IS. SOLOMON Grand Central Market, Market Street*
MARK STROUSE, Bay City Market, 1138 to 1146 near Sixth.
Market Street. KATZ & SOUS, Stalls .94 to 100, 'California Market
LEOM D. SFO\E & CO.. 236 -Sixth Street. JOBS . H.ITDEH, 124 Sinth Street. 525 Seventh street
HAMMOND ■■& BRO., Justice Market, 33 and 85 Fourth SCBRADER BROS., City Hall Market, 1342-1344 Market
Street. Street
*P /^g\ k and > r^^^~ VACATION SALE !
p MONARCH . : -||rS|'No.': ;: (B 'fr _ r^'_'
■:■ win. ,i i. l: jiwufactirivg co., '■:■ 'ifS^ffll 4&i VL. >*> J 1-^
mI 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. 1 \^WW#tfi' RfinPC ±SJF i* m &=* \^M -
.*. CHAB. BROWN A SON, 807 Market, Ag-t. .*, \jl 1 -* V '*"C& TT '^^'IM--''>l M --''>
VC. F. SALOMOSSON & CO.. Twelfth and »** --__ . -^£f ,-. y^v r ; ... •.;,.,,.-: ,
gjj Frmkltn streets, Oakland - Age sii^i-;S STRAIN NO MUSCLES MPW IW^Hn
BOOQP9OOQ -••■ WgaiWgßl PREVENT CUSS WORDS V* NEW IVIUUfcL
BB7BB!inKFACFft MAKE happy days -. nd :-' ||; CHAMPION GUN.
\Wk IHI'«UfAVynS C^ G ° T ° THE END 0F THE ROAD SAFE AND RELIABLE.
VlmEßli OWAIWfc 3 MEN'S $85
Hi rift Bb LI ttyi f% I UTflßt*lfMl •^^■(■^■^m—^.- '^'''Ji^O^-
ABSOLUTELY CtmE3. UIIITMENT LADIES' $••= and is* P T AT I PM C* (~\
*.. ample «pplle.r!on of " Swat»*» Owtmtt" witho* *' 5 anQ *"*• LJ m I■/A L, JLrf SZd i\ V-/vJ.m
■it Intern*! medicine, win ear* «jt «ii of Trtter Salt ■ ' ■-'•■" -' • • ... ■ m "
sSSSSS^SSrS S^-:' S5 FIRST PAYMENT per week 416 MARKET ST.
B*ATn i Son, rk)Urttlr>i». r*. Aik you draajSrt iu U> This offer applies only to rt'sidfius oi San FnmcUco, - mjiiiiiphmim-mj. ,-.  , ' „ N , '
"•"•"■"•»«» OtkUnd, Berkeley and Alamedi . ■^lTHrT^^^^^HF^F^^TP""y"^r^ l l
McMUNN'S |f^§3)!J| IHH c&utoc App'nc«?o I trw»nk O F^« N " * NUC I*3" 1 J jfJUjfl ifr^lMiJ
FIIYIR fIC y^JsF aP^ I fSLM mrSs . ,■■.•■■.■■■ aIU&VF Yf!! Tnroatri^mplcar Copper-B
LLIAIH Ur fi I *&? If I Pi/llti*^ r»- i f. MH ft 1 ? & l UU Colored BpotJ. Aches, Old Sores.H
'.--■■. mmm lOd ana BIPVCIP in Itlccrs Ja Mouth. Halr.KkTliag! Writo COOKS??
The par» essential extract from the native drag. Con- ' ' U ' \ ' \ U • » SBEMEDIT CO., CO7 Mu.onlc TVmplT
i.'l? .i. n e « Talaable medicinal properties of Opium 1 c rnvu/ci , « r * "■: BHCMcnsro, 115., lor proofs of ceres. CupIHH
without Jtt notlou* elements. No glckncaa cf «tom«ch, J - 5 - CONWELL, Manager, V** 1 ' SCGOO,OOO. Worst cases cured to 1653
no TomK.ng ; no coaUvtncac . no headache. All Druggets. I a .... S3to 35 dayi. 100-pufte book. free. fSfl
■^ "BB^B^BB^iaaMH^Hßl^Blß^Hi^na^B^^pqq^ 18 " n<l 20 McAllister St.. S. P. fiBHHH .i « ■).■ . au iuw .w^mikui wm'jf JfWi'^ J
qualities ofthe new nitro cartridge are good,
varying from three to four inches in tough
redwood blocks across the grain.
COURSING.
Fast Doks That Will Fly Over the
Ingleside Grounds To-Morrow.
On Sunday a great day's sport is prom
ised all true lovers of coursing who will
attend the meeting at Ingleside Park.
There are thirty-six dogs in the stake
which have been culled from the best-run
ning stock owned by the sportsmen of
this City. J. O'Shea's Firenzi is much
admired by the fancy, and unless some
thing very unforeseen happens the favorite
should capture at least one of the prizes at
stake.
John Grace, the popular judge, will, as
usual, be in the pigskin, and J. F. Grace
will handle the slips. The prizes to be
raced for are $30, $20, $15 and two $7. The
result of the "draw" is as follows:
T. Trant'e Trilby vs. J. Moffit'g Molly Bawn,
T. Trant's Applause vs. A. Merrill's Hand
spring, P. Riley's Jimmy Rex vs. W. Perry's
Commasßie, J. Grace's Rollalong vs. Dillon &
Reilly's Queen B, J. R. Dickson's Camilla vs.
J. O'Shea's Tulamore. A. Merrill's Snowbird vs.
J. Byrne's Mohawk, W. Dalton's Reilly Gran
nan vs. T. J. Cronan's Rosa B, J. O'Shea's Fear
less vg. J. Misner's Typewriter, T. Butler's
Susie vs. C. C. GriswoWs Little Tom, Valley
kennel's Gold King vs. Mission kennel's Uncle
Jim, J. McCormack's Rapid vs. Potrero ken
nel's Loraine, C. Moore's Monitor vs. George
Buehn's Belle Roche, J. O'Shea's Firenzi vs. A.
Moore's Corte Madera, W. Dalton's Xapoleon
Jack vs. J. Dean's Livingston, Mission kennel's
Captain Jim vs. J. McCormack's Parnell, S. E.
Portals Laurel Leaf vs. J. Byrne's Joe Bowers,
A. Merrill's Ben Brush vs. P. Reilly's Wee Nell, I
W. Dalton's Sally McLellan vs. W. Hagerty's
Magnet,
The principal event of the season in
coursing, which the patrons of the leash
are looking forward to with great interest,
is the meeting of the Interstate Coursing I
Club, which will be held on the Ingleside
grounds on Saturday, the 30th inst. An
all-aged and puppy stake will be con
tested for, and the nominations must be in
the hands of the secretary, J. R. Dickson,
before 8 p. m. on Wednesday, the 27th inst.
The Interstate Club has won a reputa
tion for giving sport of a high character,
which has won the favor of the better
class of sport-iovers, consequently its
meeting on the 30th will unquestionably
be witnessed by a large number of ladies
and gentlemen.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
Opening of the Big Events In EnR- !
land— Local Doings.
The great cricket events of the season
have started, and judging from English ;
and Australian recent reports it is likely !
to surpass the standard, even of last year.
First among the giant events in the old
country was M. C. C. vs. Nottingham,
which resulted in a win for tbe former,
after a tusßle of three days, by six wickets.
Then came the great contest between
Warwickshire and Surrey, terminating in
a defeat for Warwickshire by five wickets,
who scored 25 and 88 runs, against '^62 by
their opponents. In this match Abel put
up 138 and W. W. Read 112 runs. Lan
cashire and Yorkshire was a contem
porary event. It resulted in the former's
favor'by just 17 runs.
The Australian news is somewhat mea
ger, the only important event being that
oetween Victoria and New South Wales.
It resulted in an easy victory for the latter
club, and was described in local journals
as — i- ac language of Dickens—"humor
ous hout being vulgar."
Coining to home matters, the "chirp" of
most interest must relate to a letter re
ceived by a Mr. Green of the Philadelphia
association by the California association,
asking the latter to guarantee a match !
with the Australian team on its return j
from Europe, about the middle of October, j
The matter has been left to a committee
consisting of DeJafield (Pacifies), Hogue
(Alamedas) and Robertson (Bohemians).
S. H. Crolland F. H. Holder, the cele- [
brated point, have joined the Bohemians. 1
Dickenson, the Australian batsman, and
W. N. Griffiths, both late crackajacks of
the Pacifies, will return to this City in the
near future and rejoin their old club.
The game is to experience a big revival
in Mill Valley. A very considerable sum
of money is to be spent on the ground,
which the clnb is ambitious enough tv
hope will be second to none on the coast.
Lovell White has resigned the presi
dency, owing to business calls upon his
time, and Judge Fottrell has been elected
secretary.
The scheduled event for to-morrow is
between Bohemia and California at Golden
Gate. The other ground will be open for
those wishing to practice. Umpire.
JUNIOR ORDER'S ORPHANS
Benefit in Aid of the Cottages
to Shelter Parentless
Children.
Work in Which the Junior Order of
American Mechanics Is Engaged
at Tiffin. Ohio.
This evening the several councils of the
Junior Order of American Mechanics will
give an entertainment in Odd Fellows'
Hail, the proceeds of which will be devoted
to a fund being raised for the building of
an orphans' home for the order in Tiffin,
Ohio. A fine programme has been pre
pared and those who have the matter in
charge hope to realize a handsome sum.
In September, IS9O, J. H. Zimmerman,
a prominent member of the order, sug
gested the idea of procuring a home for
the orphans of the then rapidly growing
order and the matter having been drawn
to the attention oi the National Council,
which met in June of the tollowing year
in Cleveland, Ohio, a committee, called
the National orphans' home committee,
was appointed to investigate and consider
the advisability and practicability of es
tablishing such a home.
At the session of the National council
held in Detroit in 1893 the committee
presented a report recommending the
building of a home on the cottage plan,
which was conceived and prepared by Mr.
Zimmerman, who was the secretary of the
committee.
The report was adopted and after ad
journment of the council a number oi sil i
were offered to the committee, New York,
Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Colorado
and Ohio being in competition.
After a time it was decided to accept the
offer of Tiffin, Ohio, and a farm north of
Riverside Park was chosen. On the farm
there will be erected an administration
building and a number of cottages, the
latter to be of a capacity to accommodate
forty children each. The work on the
buildinsrs will be commenced within a
short time, and when the plans as designed
are carried out, the home, it is asserted,
will be the finest of the kind in the United
States.
•• — — «
The Hiding Places of 31 en.
To-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
auditorium of the Young Men's Chris. ian As
sociation, Mascn and Ellis streets, John H.
Elliott of New York will deliver an address.
By special request the gallery will be reserved
for ladies. There will be special music and no
doubt the service will be exceedingly interest
ing. Mr. Elliott's subject will be "The Hiding
Places of Men."
•—• — • — *
\ Missing Husband,
Mrs. Smith, 457'j Jessie street, reported the
! disappearance of her husband, Rae O Smith,
at police headquarters yesterday. He left
home Tuesday and has not been seen since. Ho
was cook nt the New Creamerie, 28 years of
ape, 5 feet 8 Inches tall, dark eyes and com
plexion, small face and brown moustache.WALTER NEWHALL
TO WED SOON
Engagement to Mrs. Ains
worth of Los Angeles
Announced.
WILL MARRY IN WINTER
The Wilson Luncheon Compli
mentary to Mrs. White
law Reid.
BALDWIN • HOBART
Preparations for the Brilliant Event
to Take Place in July in
This City.
Society wiil be pleasantly surprised to
hear that the engagement of Walter S.
Newhall of this City and Mrs. Ainsworth
of Los Angeles has been announced. (
The announcement was made privately,
only some frieuds of both families having
been le.t into the secret, which, it appears,
was too good to keep.
Mrs. Ainsworth of Los Angeles was in
terviewed last evening by a Call corres
pondent regarding the interesting engage
ment. She was surprised to learn that it
had leaked out, but willingly confirmed
the report of the forthcoming alliance.
"Yes," she said, "I am under no pledge
cf secrecy, and if The Call desires to
know I see no reason for making a mys
tery of tbe matter. Several friends know
of it already, and I suppose it would be
public property in a few days at any rate.
Of course we aon't care for any notoriety
in the matter, but I have no objection to
The Call stating the facts of the case.
"When will the happy event come off?
Oh, I don't know exac.ly. It will lake
place, though, during the coming winter.
That is the present intention."
After the honeymoon the happy couple
will return to San Francisco, where they
propose taking up their residence perma
nently.
Mr. Newhall is well and popularly
known in commercial as well as in exclu
sive society circles in this City. He is the
youngest son of Mrs. H. M. Newhall, and
on account of his wealth and social stand
ing has been for many yrars considered
one of the eligible bachelors.
Recently Mr. Newhali spent much of
his time at the immense tract of land that
bears the family name, Newhall, near Los
Angeles.
To the management of the ranch there
he has devoted much of his energy and
ability, unselfishly depriving himself of
many of the pleasures of city life — a verit
able privation — for Mr. Newhall is one of
the most genial of good fellows and has
hosts of friends. He is at present in
Southern California.
Arrangements for the nuptials of Mi:s
Ella Hobart and Charles Baldwin are
being rapidly pushed forward and it is
now stated that this event will be cele
brated July 3 at the Hobart mansion on
Van Ness avenue.
None oi the details of the we iding have
as. yet been made public other than that it
is to be a very magnificent one.
One of the 'most elaborate luncheons of
the year was the one given Thursday
afternoon by Mrs. Mountford Wilson at
her home, corner of Pine and Stockton
streets. The entertainment was in honor
of Mrs. Whitelaw Reid of New York. The
table decorations consisted entirely ot
white and pink peonies that glistened
amid the wealth of silver and cut glass,
for which Mrs. Wilson is noted. Seated
at table were: Mrs. Whitelaw Keid, Mrs.
Lloyd Tevis, Mrs. Foute, Mrs. Chauncey
Winslow, Mrs. Fchwerin, Mrs. James
Robinson, Mrs William Newhall, Miss
Jennie Hooper, Miss Laura McKinstry,
Mrs. Peter Donahue, Mrs. Eieanor Martin,
Mrs. Darling, Mrs Joseph Crockett, Mrs.
William Howard, Mrs. Russell "Wilson,
Mrs. Scott Wilson, Mrs. Mountford Wil
son.
On Thursday evening Wintteld Jones
gave a delightful dinner at his home on
Hyde street complimentary to Mr. and
Mrs. Elliott McAllister. His guests were:
Miss Ashe, Miss Maynard. Miss Newlands,
Miss Forbes, Lieutenant Winn, Mr. Board
man and Mr. and Mrs. McAllister.
Mrs. Dicfcenson gives a large tea this
afternoon from 4 to 6 ai her elegant home
ar Sausaiito.
Miss Florence Lunborgh gave a pleasant
little entertainment in her studioon Mont
gomery street last evening to eight of her
young lady friends of the art school.
The members of Company H, First In
fantry Regiment, N. G. C., entertained
toeir many friends at a high jinks at the
company's rooms in the armory at Page
and Gough streets last Saturday evening.
The rooms were elaborately decorated by
the entertai nine committee for the occa
sion. The committee was comprised of
sergeant Davis, W. J. Ryan and George
Warren, who arranged an elaborate pro
gramme and a dainty luncheon. High
Private W. J. Ryan acted as master of
ceremonies, and prior to rendering tne
programme introduced the good-natured
and popular Captain F. W. Warren, who
made a short but brilliant address to the
members and their friends, which met
with a hearty applause of the large num
ber present.
Sergeant Davis with the assistance of
George Warren dispensed the beverages
and luncheon to the entire satisfaction of
all. The most praiseworthy of the long
and agreeable programme was the repro
duction of the address made by Abraham
Lincoln by a member of the company, Mr.
•"iorge Rowe. Tbe selections of the old
t;me company favorite, Corporal Peter
Jordan, were highly satisfactory.
Mr?. Ainsworth has been president of
the Assistance League, a charitable or
caiiization of society ladies, which has
done good work in conjunction with the
Associated Charities. She is an attractive
lady of the petite brunette type, and is
very gracious in conversation and address.
TRANSFERS TO STAY.
Xo Probability of Through tinea to
Obviate Their Vme.
In the course of an interview with
General Manager Vining of the Market
street Railway Company on Thursday
relative to the transfer situation, he stated
that "a transfer is always objectionable,
and is used only as the best substitute for
a through line of cars."
This apparently contained an idea for
the solution of the obnoxious transfer
Eituation, and yesterday Mr. Vining was
asked whether it was possible for his com
pany to arrange for through lines of cars
and so eliminate transfers from streetcar
transportation altogether.
To this he replied that it was impossible
to put into operation through lines so as
to cover the routes over which passengers
are now carried by means of transfers.
The reason for this, he added, was that
the lines were operated by four kinds of
power, viz.: electric, cable, steam and
horse, and were built on three different
pauses, viz.: 3 feet ti inches, 4 feet B}£
inches and 5 feet.
When asked what the company proposed
to do in case the Supervisors p<«sed th*
law prohibiting the giving out of transfers
on the street, he replied that any law that
was fair and just would be complied with,
but stated that he was unprepared to ex
press an opinion on the law contemplated
by the Supervisors.
The Presidio and Ferries railway is
changing its extension to the Presidio into
an electric line, and will soon supplant the
horsecar line from Montgomery street to
the ferry with electricity
GLEE CLUB CONCERT.
Stanford University Student* Perform
Jn the New Auditorium.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
gave a concert at the New Auditorium
last night which was vociferously applaud
ed by an audience which might have been
larger, though it could scarcely have been
more appreciative.
The entertainment provided by the
united clubs was a thoroughly enjoyable
one. It is three years since the Glee Club
was first organized, and the boys showed
the results of their practice during that
time by singing crisply, expressively and
with a good volume of sound. Their
shading was pood and every word they
utiered was distinctly audible. The num
bers had some of them been heard before,
but college songs will bear repetition with
out wearying the listeners; indeed the
audience showed this by giving an encore
to everything the Glee Club sang. In re
sponse to a demand for a repetition of
" Estudiantina " '"Mali Angeline" was
eiyen, and "Courtship," "Phyllis," "Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup." the medley
of college songs and "The Parson's
Chicken Brigade" were all encored.
The members of the Glee Club consist of
Shirley Baker, Charles G. Decker, Charles
ii. Pinkhara, Guv Cochran. W. A. Suther
land, G. W. Bush, Philip F. Abbott, A. G.
Kaufman, Edward C. Fewall, W. C. Mc-
Neil, W. T. Young, C. Van 11. King, F. A.
Schneider, Tarn McGrew, W. J. Schlacks.
Shirley Baker, leader.
The Stanford Mandolin Club ba9 only
been organized a year, but it did excellent
j work last night; the shading and phrasing
were particularly good and the precision
left little to be desired. In addition to
accompanying the siugers in several num
bers, the Mandolin CiuD played the "Har
wood Gavotte," "El Vaquero," the "Stan
ford University March," by A. G. Kaui
man, and a Zulu dance.
The march received a double encore,
and the audience showed a desire to hear
everything over again. The mandolin
flub is composed of W. Bittle Wells, George
B. Wilson, A. G. Kaufman, H. H. Welch,
Edward C. Sewall, William L. McGuire,
E. I. Bartholomew, L. K. McCbesnev,
Thomas K. Code, B. D. Weigle. H. B.
Sladen, Charles I. Dillon. A. G. KaufmaD,
leader.
Charles I. Dillon sane a chevalier coster
scng, ''My Old Dutch," expressively, and
as an encore recited an Irish sketch.
THE FOREST COMPANIONS
Ninth Annual Session of the
Ladies' Branch, F. 0. A.,
in June.
Grand Officers and Delegates to the
Grand Circle That Will Meet
in Oakland.
The Fore?ter« of America having had
their day at Watsonville, tbe Grand Circle
of the Companions of the k'o rest, tbe la
dies' branch of the Foresters of America,
wiil hold its ninth annual session in Lor
ing Hall, Oakland, Wednesday, June 3.
The following grand officers will be in
attendance during tne session, which will
laot several days:
Julius Calmann, P. G. C. C. ; C. A. Douglass,
P. G. C. C; Mrs. E. A. Carah, P. G. C C. ; CU.
r.reiner, P. G. C. C. ; Thomas Sewell, P. G. C.C. ;
Mrs. L Atwood, P. G. C. C. ; Mrs. A. B. An
drews, G. C, C. ; Mrs. M. A. Duke, Gi B. C. C. ;
Mrs. J. K. Hints, grand treasurer; Miss A. D.
Bremer, «rraml secretary, Mrs. E. Harrington,
Mrs If. E. Read and Mrs. If. Green, grand
trustees; Herman Kohn, Q. M.; Mrs. H.
Worms, O. O. ; Mrs. M. Pape. G. b.; Mx*. R.
Kemp Van Ec, G. O.
Following are the delegates: •
Excelsior Circle, San Francisco— A. Har
rison, Thomas Eewell and Mrs. C. Tucker.
Oakland Circle, Oakland— Mi6S F. Kowalsky
and Miss D. Echwarz.
Bay City Circle, San Francisco — Miss M.
Bnrhelm and Mrs. L. Marks.
Diana Circle, San Francisco— Frank Driscoll.
Golden Gate Circle, San Francisco— Miss J.
Sena and Miss R. Trieber.
Loreley Circle, San Francisco— L. Oner.'
Live Oak Circle, San Francisco— Mrs. L. Hoi
land,. Mrs. a. Kramer and Mrs. E. J. X. Stein
weg.
. Defiance Circle. San Francisco — Miss B. Hintz.
Olympus Circle, ban Francisco— E. Her
ring. • ■••.:.'
Golden West Circle. San Francisco— Miss S.
Harris and Herman Kohn.
Robin Hood Circle, San Francisco— Mrs. C.
Goldman and Mrs. C. Miller.
Hamlet Circle, Alameda— Miss M. Mental.
Twilight Circle, San Francisco — Mrs. A. R*s
mussen.
Mizpah Circle. Ban Francieco— Mrs. L. Basten
and Mrs. M. Gibson.
Yuba Circle, Marysville— Mrs. M. McCoy and
Mrs. P. Schwab.
Liberty Circle, Grass Valley— F. Rowe.
Golden Era Circle, San Francisco— S. L. Wal
ler.
Bonita Circle. San Francl6co— l. W. Coburn.
Freedom Circle, Nevada City— Miass E. Rob
erts.
Laurel Circle, Los Angeles— Mi»s May Mair.
Stockton Circle, Stockton— George Ortiz and
Mrs. J.Stephenßon.
Los Angeles Circle, Los Angeles— Mrs. X.
White.
Diamond Circle, Ocean View— Mrs. M. A.
Lane. i
American Circle, Petaluma— Miss A. Lock
wood.
Acme Circle, San Francisco— Mrs. K. Bolian.
Evening Star Circle, San Rafael— A. Boden.
Pride of the Forest Circle, San Francisco—
Miss Kate Hurley.
Pajaro Valley Rose Circle, Wats onville— Miss
M. V. M arm all.
Surprise of Woodland Circle, Woodland-
Mrs. T. Muegge.
San Jose Circle, Pan Jose— P. L. Barringtcn.
Yosemite Circle, Fresno— Mrs. H. Hoppock.
Inter Nos Circle, San Francisco— Thomas F.
Blake, Mrs. M. Connell and Mrs. Kate Haughy.
True Friend Circle, Chlco— Mrs. J. W.
Bowden. -
Pride of Columbia Circle, San Francisco —
Mrs. M. Lingenfelser.
United States of America Circle, Oakland—
M. F. Lewis and Mrs. Yerxa.
San Pedro Circle, San Pedro — Charles A.
Grodjean.
Ocean View Circle, Santa Barbara— Mrs. M.
A. Coleman.
Village Belle Circle, San Francisco— Miss M.
Donahue. <
Plumas Circle, Yuba City— Mrs. A. Wilcoxon.
Orange Blossom Circle, Oroville— Mrs. W. F.
Gates.
San Francisco Circle, San Francisco— E.
O'Callaghan. ,-
Presidio Circle, San Francisco— Mrs. E. L.
Wehe. :'."".
Eonora Circle. Sonora— Mrs. E. Burden.
Andrews Circle, Santa Ana— Miss R. Boyd.
• * — »
Some New Lawyer*.
The following graduates from the Hastings
Law School were admitted to practice by the
Supreme Court yesterday on motion of William
B. liosley, one of the law school faculty:
Everett Ames, John J. Barrett, Loui=i L. Bern
hcim, Herbert S. Bradford, Edwin F. Cooper,
Wiliiam Dehy, George H. Fletcher, Robert W.
Giliogley, Horace C. Head, Wiiliam P. Hum
phreys, Svlvain J. Lazaru«, Frederick C. Loof-
Dourow, Benjamin L. McKinley, Charles F.
O'Callaghan. Leon E. Prescott, John A. San
born, James W. Smith, Howard F. Trumbo, Carl
West'erfeld, Leo B. Archer, Ernest C. Bonner.
John F. Cluie, Aylett R. Cotton Jr., Richard
J Dillon. Lewis A. Gibbons, Franci" P. Haynes,
Walter H. Henry, Frank Kriill, yohn A. E.
Lenahan, Harley P. Mathewson Jr., Thomas H.
Nicholls, John O'Gara, Clifford McClelan,
Edward P. Shortall, Stephen L. Sullivan, John
J. Van Nostraud.
Cafe Zinkand Souvenir.
An elegant souvenir has just been issued by
tbe proprietor of the Cafe Ziukand. It con
tains views of all the various departments of
this model establishment, one of the hand
somest in this City, if not in America, The
souvealr is well printed and got up.
Stf Peter'« Pariaii Picnic.
The picnic of Bt. Peter's parish tbat was to
have been held at El Campo last Thursday
whs postponed on accouni of the weather to
Tuesaay. May 26, at the same place. Ticket*
purchased lor Thursday will be good lor Tues
day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAtf", MAY 23, 1896.
PASSING OF A
STATE-BUILDER
H. G. Eggers, a Pioneer,
Succumbs to a Stroke
of Paralysis.
ARRIVED IN FORTY-NINE
Took Part in the Stirring Vigi
lance Committee Days
of 1856.
SUCCESSFUL IN COMMERCE.
Aided in Founding a Bank and Church.
Close cf a Self- Reliant
Career.
H. G. Eggers, a highly esteemed Cali
fornia pioneer, died in this City yesterday,
succumbinc to a stroice of paralysis after
an illness of only eighteen days.
He passed away in his residence on the
corner of Ellis and Laguna streets, being
surrounded at the last by his family, he
leaves a widow, three daughters and a
son.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
afternoon from the Masonic Temple.
George Henry Eggers was born in the
village of Lagershausen. Hanover, April
14, 18-0, so that he was 76 years old at the
time of his death. He arrived in New
Yort in IS4B and proceeded to St. Louis,
where he engaged in business. In 1849 he
was attracted to California by the news of
the discovery of gold, suffering en route
from an attack of cholera at New Orleans.
He reached San Francisco in the brig
Capiopa in August, 1849.
After a short experience at the gold
fields on the American River mining for
the precious metal Mr. Eggers started a
general merchandise store, which proved
a success. In 1853, having disposed
of his interest to his partner, Mr.
Eggers returned to Ban Francisco, es
tablished a grocery business at the
corner of Bush and Battery streets and
subsequently founded a wholesale crocery
business in the building known as Cali
fornia block. After a continuance of busi
ness in this locality for several years in
company with Christian H. Voight, tbe
firm purchased the lot and erected the
building known as 210 California street,
the present location of Eggers <fc Co., an
importing and commision house. Herman
C. Eggera, a son, took the place of Mr.
Voight as partner in 1880.
The deceased was a lite member of the
German General Benevolent Society, of
Hermann Lodge No. 127, F. and A. M.,
and of the Society of California Pioneers.
He was one of the directors of the German
Savings and Loan Society since its organi
zation and was director in several irriga
tion and mining enterprises. He wai one
of the promoters of Bt. Mark's Church
(Lutheran). In 1856 he was a member of
the famous vigilance committee. Politic
ally he was an old-line Democrat, althougo
not a partisan.
Mr. Egfrer3 wa? married on July 27, 1854,
to Miss Sophia Ehrenpfort.
SHANTIES ON CITY LAND
Mission - Street Residents Ap
peal to the Grand
Jury.
Special Lawyers Were Once Paid
for Ousting Claimant
Callahan.
The Grand Jury will not make a final
report this month. Indications are that
adjournment sine die will not take place
before the middle of June.
At the session yesterday some consider
ation was given to a subject introduced by
property -owners who reside near the in
tersection of Mission and West Mission
streets. It seems that a man named Cal
lahan claims some gore lots in that local
ity and Las quite a collection of shanties
on the land. The claim is made by other
residents that the Jand so occupied by Cal
lahan's shanties really belongs to the City.
From all that can be ascertained the
Grand Jury yesterday did not get much
light on the cloudy subject of title. There
is a sort of dim record that the old law
firm of Flournoy & Mhoon once enjoyed
special privileges la this community and
some years ago received a fee to look after
the City's title to this Mission property.
That 13 a tradition at the Mission, hence
the Grand Jury as a preliminary step to
the investigation sought to summon
Messrs. Flournoy and Mboon.
As a matter of fact the senior member
of this firm has long since been "gathered
to his fathers," but the enterprising jury
sent lor John Flournoy, who was formerly
attorney for tbe directors of the People's
Home Bank. As the latter Is in no wise
related to the Virginia family of the Flour
noys, and was never a law partner of Mr.
Mhoon, he could not enlighten the jury on
the subject
Then Major Mhoon, who happened to be
in Judge Sanderson's court yesterday
afternoon, was called to the jury-room,
but jurors say that his recollection of the
proceeding was dim and shadowy.
There is a vague impression that the law
farm of Flournoy & Mhoon did receive a
fee of $1000 to look after tbe City interests
in this case, and Major Mhoon promised
to looic up the facts in the proceeding and
present them to tbe jury.
Incidentally this may lead some of the
jurors to request John A. Russell, clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, to furnish a
statement showing how many appropria
tions of public money have been made for
special counsel fees during the past twenty
years, the aggregate sum of money appro
priated and the lawyers to whom it was
disbursed.
The Ashworth accusation, which was re
referred to the present Grand Jury some
six weeks ago. has been quietly resting in
committee. An explanation is given that
H. E. Highton has promised to do some
thing, but the something promised has not
been done.
The members of the Board of Health
were not before the Grand Jury yesterday.
There seems to be a suspension of activity
in the line of investigation. A member of
the Grand Jury said yesterday that the
purpose to impiove the administration of
hospital affairs had not been relinquished.
The Grand Jury committee on Assessor
is said to be satisfied with Mr. Siebe's as
surance tbat tbe assessment roll will be in
creased and that franchises, securities, etc.,
will be properly luted. No particular ac
tivity has been manifested by the commit
tee during the past month.
♦ — ♦ — •
OVERDOSE OF LAUDANUM
Captain Smith Takes Too Much of tbe
Drug and Succumbs to Itt
Effects.
A. W. Smith, a retired sea captain, died
at his home, 817J-2 Golden Gate avenue,
from the effects ol an overdose of lauda
num, taken accidentally, yesterday
morning.
Captain Smith was 53 years old, and well
known in sea-faring circles. Latterly he
has been without a ship, and In conse
quence was somewhat despondent. In
addition to this he was forced to undergo
a severe surgical operation, which added
materially to his otherwise disturbed mind.
On Wednesday he complained of feeling
particularly bad, and Dr. Hall was called
in, leaving a prescription which for the
time being seemed beneficial. At night,
however, he grew worse, and early yester
day morning the pain became so intense
that tbe captain swallowed the contents of
a good-sized vial of laudanum. An hour
later he was discovered by his daughter in
a dying condition, tbe final end coming
thirty minutes later.
The death certificate was signed b7 Dr.
Hall, but Coroner Hawkins refused to
accept it. An autopsy and inquest will be
held Monday.
The >oe Case.
The trial of the suit brought by the Noe heirs
against a ltirge number of property owners In
the Mission will begin on June 10. Love &
Love, attorneys for the San Miguel Defense
Association, yesterday asked for a trial at that
time and tbeir motion was granted, but it is
not expected that the trial will be concluded be
lore court vacation, as the case will last several
weeks.
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring Meeting, Bay District Track. Twentieth day. Fri
day. May a 2, i 896. Weather fine. Track muddy.
1 ')*){' VlTßun iIACE— Six Jurlontjs; selling; three-ye»r-oids and upward; conditions; purse $300.
lnUex. i Horae, age, weight. Bt. |Vi Vt % «tr. Fin. j Jocteys. oj."" 1 "^.
1218 IVerdette, 4 110 » Bft 41 2ft In It. Williams.... 4 4
l'ju-i JeromeS.*. 114 2 41 31 31 21 •»-. Weber 4 6
1215 lirua,4 105| 4 lh Ift 11 3ft iMartln 2 2
1194 i Joe Cotton, a 1091 7 6h 51 6 4^4 ißoieman 6 8
1221 Harry Lewis, 6.. 10S; 1 23 28 41 6ft lltu»«eU 15 40
l'.'lS fvpiiitali. 4 107j 5 62 tf 2 7 6 8 lAinea. 10 30
121)1 Normandie, 5. ...110 6 7ft 88 a 710 IK Lloyd 4 S
1218 .Tamalpais, a. 109 8 83 7ft 8 810 j Wickline 40 60
l-'()9 Minnie, 3 101 9 9 9 9 9 |l. Johnson 15 15
htartltic-gnte used. Won htrndily. Winner, Vici stable's br. v., by Vid-Lucy Long. Time, 1:18.
Won htndily.
Winner, Vici stable's br. v., by Vld-i,ucy Long.
Time, 1:18.
1 997 BCUQMB RACE— seven furlonCT; inside course; selling; three-year-old* and upward; con-
±~^ii . ditions: purse «300. ... . .:.
Index. j Horse, age, weight. huj V 4 % »4 str. Fin. j Jockeys. op."" o**.0 **.
1205 Morven. 5 106 1 1% in 1^ 12 1 34" i Martin |i^B 3^5
1225 May Day. 5 109 6 42 Bft 32 2Vi 210 toady 6 9-2
1205 Miss Kuth. 4 105 4 54 54 4 2 42 32 H.Wilson 6 8
1192 Cecislon.3 93 2 23 26 23 33 43. L Johnson 8 8
1203 Carroll Cook. 4.... 104 6 7 7 7 7 6h Bnsselt 60 150
943 dlpse.4.lo4i 3 31 41 51 52 63 Snider... .. 20 15
1214 Imp.Etidyrnlon.3. 95 7|6h 62 65 61 7 iDowell 15 - 80
starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, White & Clarke's b. g., by imp. Chevlot-Lurline.
Time, 1:34^.
I OOQ THIRD BACJi— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; conditions; purse $300.
Index. I Horse, age, weight. St. ' 14 y, S4 I str. .
1210 Charles A, 5 11l 1 2V*; In ,2T~ -
1147 Major Cook, 4... .109 8 114 . 25 IV,
1019 -an Marco, 3 102 2 4h 4 1 32
1820 My Sweetheart,4 l»0 7 7 8h 5V*
(1202) VirgieA.3 .95 4 82 8% 41
1194 Una Que Amo, 3. 95 5 6V« 7 6
1220 iHyniMD.a. 11l 6 51 6h 7
Kin. i , Jockeys. jj o £ c:
12 Hennessy. ...... 10
2 1 Martin 3-5.
310 Snider. I 6
4 2 Ik IJoyd 20
5h Joe Weber 5
6 1 I. J0hn50n...... 12
•7---- Coady 6
! i-eiung.
iOp. cl.
:ting.
CL
30
7-10
9-2
100
15
30
10
starting-gate used.
1-.16V4-
Won easily.
Winner, P. Archibalds bit. «.. by John A-Early Rose. Time,
1 99Q fOUKTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; allowances; purse $350.
I 1 Betting.
Index. Horge. weight. St. | 1/4 " % • *A Sir. Fin. Jockeys. 'Op. CL
1136 Sweet William... 10« I 3V* *3 23 jll Martin 9-5 7^5
1216 Horatio 107 1 12 In In 2ft Henncssy 6 9-2
1174 i Widow Jones 100 4 214 6 ' 3h 3ft H. Brown. 4 12
1212 ! Dolce 102 2 41 4Vi 4% 4 a Snider 11-5 13-5
1216 The Plunger. 100 5 6 3Vi ft 610 Bpauchamp .... 60 100
Grandezia 105 6 ........ 6 6 6 615 Russell. 20 40
1130 j Claudia T 100 7 7 7 7 72 I.Johnson 12 SO
.... Gertrude..... 105 8 8 8 ■ 8 8 R. yarvaez HO 40
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, G. Baron's fo. cb ? Fltzjam Oil ve. Time, I:o3'^.
Pin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
'Op. Cl.
Time, 1:034.
I^qn FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions;
itOU. pennlties; purse $850.
Ind. Horse, age, weight. St. j 14
1206 Georg* illler, 8.. .109 ~ "
1193 Mt. Hoy. ft 102 2
(1193) Win. I'lnkerton.S 921 4
(311) <<eor*e Ross, 4...102 1 1
1222 Fuel, S t*9 7
302 LadyUray, 3 85. 6
ISM Nell Flaherty, a.. 100; 5|
ft % Sir. I Fin. I Jockeys. !o^' tln £,
3h 82 11 lft tCoady 7-5 11-10
12 lft 2ft 2 3 jsnider |40 80
51, 4 4 1 .13 Johnson i 3-5 4-5
42 S ft 46 'Martin 50 150
6 7 7 6 1 Carbfrry 40 . 1 00
7 «J 8 6 2 J. Woods. 50 400
SI 2ft 31 7 iFrewley ]15 10
I Betting.
:Op. Cl.
Star. ing-gate used. Won driving. Winner, W. L. Sianneld's b. g., by Loftin-Emma.
Time, 1 :09.
I-)'-)] SIXTH RACK— Six furlongs: wiling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse 9300.
I Betting.
Index. I Horse, age, weight. St. v* Vi I *& Btr. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
1213 Favory, 4 110 3 2 V 24 12 11 : Beauchamp .... ~6 10
1213 Howard, 5 113 2 4V» 1 1£ 22 21% Peoples 2 8
1173 New Moon, 3 93 6 76 64 41 32 .11. Brown 6 18-5
1214 Coda, 3 93 5 51 3 2 82 44 I. Johnson 5 82
1210 Seaside, 5 107 8 810 7 6 1 5 6 Snider ! 6 10
1078 ZooU-ln. a. ........ 1 »H 5 1 6 «10 Henneisy 20 8
1211 Artemus.4 107 4 ....:... 1», 41 7 76 Martin 20 50
1216 Boreas. 4 110 9 9 * 9 8 88 Shields 2. 9-2
1207 I Lucky D, 4.. 107 7 6 1 8 9 9 |R. Narvaez 50 200
Rtartlng-gate used. Won driving. Winner, A. P. Miller's en. h., by John A-Lowena R. Time.
1:1 63 . ; |
J 00 key.
I Bitting.
Op. Cl.
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have uo record at tht» distance to be ruu the records at the npxt neares
distance are riven.
AObreviationt— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavr; m.. nillp; f.. furone: •.about.
lIKRT RACE— Six furlongs: non-w
nners tn
s year.
I Best ;
Index. I Name. Lbs ■ record. ; Dlst. I.bsjTk. j Owner. r«i!cre«».
1218 Arno 1091 :02 ! /4. 61 101 F... Mnrohy * Butler.. -Cyclone-Wanza
1226 JeromeS 114 ' P.Weber Joe l^anleis-^weetbnar
1218 Three Forks.... ;115;1: 12Vj &V» « 126 11.. I*. Farrar Spokane-Trifle
1178 Donna Carlotta. 1 103 j ....! Oakland stable >t. Carlo-Marilee
1209 [Navy Blue ;109'l: 14»i! 6f 102 F... J. Rogers. Bine Wing- Bay Hetty
1202 Cadenza. '• 97 no re . i Pueblo stable iFlambeau-IrUh Lass
1218 'Little Tough 111 1:08%! 6V4 f 101 F... A. W. Ltndsey Glen Elm-l nknown
12 0 jVernon 109.1:09 5^5 t 91 F... K. Hinkicman Powhattan-Verna
1214 May Jones 101 R. Roberts , Kylo-by Joe Daniels
1191 hen Mahoney... 103 /..Abrahams Fellowcbarm-Glencola
Owner.
Ped!gre«.
SECOND RACE— Ohe mile: sellinit.
I Beßt I I
Index. Name. Lbs ; record. i Dlit LbsJTk.l Owner. Pedigree.
(lU26)iThornblll i 1141:45Vi|l m 109 H.. T. I.unday ; Im. Cheviot-Phoebe Andrsn
IVO4 ißellrlnger .106! i ; i Cliff stable 'Troubador-Bonque Belle
1184 Isclruetar 198 1:42... lm (89 F. ,;j. H. Shields .Imp. Kothon-W yandoue
(1220) Imp.FulltnLass 109 1:16... 6 f 111 IF. . shabona stable Ftillorion-Castaway
1210 Ihermantia. 104;i:2X...(7 f 971 F. . . J. a. Kollanshee Fresno- sr. to Jim Douglass
125 Little Cripple... 106 1 :56. . . ll y% m lOiit'.. J.Weber I lm. Pr. Penznce-Ldy Stnhpe
(1S04) ArUcus ' 1 12 1 :44. . . 1 m 114 Fa. W. C Vivell I Argyle-Glenlock
Owner.
Pedigree.
THIKD RACE— Seven furlonKß; soiling.
Index.'
I ! Best I
I Lbs 'record.! Dl«t. ILbnTlc. ■
N»m».
Owner.
Pedigree.
1219 Walter J 107 1:30i 1 7f
(1209) Zobalr. 110 1:16*4 * *
1206 All Over 112 Jtjgg 7f
(1205) Red Glenn.... . ; 109 1:2«% 7 f
1217 Jack hlchelleu. lllo, l:44 1 m
1206 Pirii 107 I:l6V* «t
(1226) I Verdette 108 1:18 6!
110.H..F. McDermott ilmp. True Hricon-I.illio S
114' P.. J. C. Humphrey.... Ist. suviotir-Nlihthawlt
110!F..a c. Hildr«th Hanover-Deceit
109 X.. Cambrirlije Viable. . den Elm-Red ulrt
114 Fa. J. Ko,'pra Imp. ureat Tom-Envenom
11021 102 F..;AI Monue (iano-fariuallta
; 110 H. . ! Vlci Bt»ble Vtrl-I.ury L«M
FOURTH RACE-Hlx furlongs: non-winners In 1896.
I Beat I I I
Index. f>ame. ■ Lbs Record DliL LhajTk. l Owner. Pedigree.
1220 Abl P 10? ;1; 1 :01V4 : 5f j 109 P.. O. Pacneco Three beers-Dairy Maid
1221 GracleS. 107 1:08 SV% f 104 F.. Mosto A Kuyg..... Prince Norfolk-ullroy Be':»
1214 Benbam 106 l:13y 3 : til 100 P.. C Pouitherty Xl am bean -Gerhard Id*;
1208 Warrago 109 Garden City stable. W M rwick-Fe<iaimr.
1221 Chinook 107 wuii m I'tion Imp. Blackbird il-cnarity
932 | Sen. Hoffman .. i 106 ' D. J. Tobln. imp. Invrniess-Dora
1189 I Catalogue . 113 O.W.Tyrc. (J»r.j-Josie <"
1214 Sweet Briar ... 99 noreo W. i,. Sui'iTa> .. Ban Alt-Lady Middle ton
11214 Veragua P3 Avenue stable Klnfax-Par Mnna
1215 Urrdwpll 100 1:00% Sf HO P., W. Earp Kathbone- Victoria
1222 iMollie 8»wn.... 101 1:04 5f 10« 11.. J. Woods. B.nfax-Slianuon Hern*
1221 Bert :.... iHI I J. I*. Ctooks j Asterllx-Hanna F.
nivn»r.
Pedigree.
FIFTH BACK— Five and a half furlongs; telling.
Index.
X ame.
Lbs I record. | Hint
I
Lbt ; Tk.
Pedigree.
Owner.
692 I Hymn 110ll:13 *6 f
. iDues&a 93:norec
Vi22l)Myron 10711 :04 i. 4|4 | Rf
1191 Monarch 110 l:01i/ 4 ! 5«
1192 Doubtful 100 1:153 4 et
1222 Banjo 115.1:10% 6f
1029 Montallade. .... 98 I:H2vS 7f
1199 112.1:14 V), 6f
1213 ißoadi ßoad Warmer.. 95. 1:01 Vk 5f
236 ICorrlente 931
1231 | Howard 110|
11l K..;(J. Mathews [llimyai-l/na li
....| ... G. K. Ryder jimp. Mr Modred-Snowdrop
108 EL. J. Ramsdell , Imp. -Mldlotlilan-bj GriTom
106 X.. G. Grindell |lronclad-by Buyswater
97 F.. L. Kzell iDoubl-Natrhltoches
11 1 1 Fa. |odeli giable : Peregrine- Lady Foster
107 11.. L;v! gston stable.. 'MontaDa-Fmillad-'S lM*t
100 F..,P. Mebenthnler .....Imp. Manner- Maratie:M
108 F..18. Kdsall IFrank Rhoades Belle
........ jR. W. Roberts. ilmp. Friar fuck-Unknown
....1....1R. E. Doian iTvram-Mayette
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mill
: "Darktown Derby"; inside course.
!
Index. j
Name.
; Hoi
Lbs I record .
Dliv
Lot Tk.
Rlden.
Pediicree.
1229 Candor 141 V
695 jPricelle 161
1224 j Huntsman 151
1211 Comrade jIM
UJO lUmnleß |149
(1203) Flashlight 160
lill Malo Diablo... 160
1224 The Lark 161
Ryland 161
Ic. Brown : Imp. I'a r ehln-Mlss Clay
[C Slaugbter 'Cvrus-l'reelous
Colonel M.Johnson. Prince N'or'oU-Hnldee
P. Bullock Tyrant Blithesome
l. Freeman. limp. 1 osidon-Luella
T. Jackson I Surinam i.aura Winston
Cap:. Jack Wilklns Joe Hooker-Oxllla
Tom Lewis ' Wi!dldle-by Monday
j | G. Spencer j Sbanuon-lmp. Goal*
NEARLY LANDED THE COIN
The ioo to i Shot Mount Roy
Beaten Out by George
Miller in a Drive.
TWO FAVORITES WON PURSES.
Charles A at 30 to 1 Proved a Surprise.
The Heavy Going Suited Sweet
William.
The 100 to 1 shot Mount Roy gave the
spattering of frieuds he Lad in the crowd
at tne track a great run for their money.
He was one of seven starters in the fifth
event of the day, a five and a half furlong
dash decided under selling conditions.
Among the starters were William Pinker
ton, who ruled a 4 to 5 favorite, and the
Texas-bred gelding George Miller, a
heavily played 11 to 10 Becond choice.
Second to get away when the barrier was
raised, Snider sent the despised outsider
out in front at a terrific clip, with Nell
Flaherty in hot pursuit. The flying leader
held on with unwonted persistency, and
at the end was only beaten out half a
FOR WOMEN IN THE SPRANG.
The Abies! of Women Journalists In-
dorses Paine's Celery Compound,
Mrs. H. B. Sperry, who is now the emi-
nent president of the Woman's National
Press Association, was assistant editor of
the Washington World. Her vigorous
editorials in Ohio and Washington news-
papers first brought her into national
prominence.
The active profession of journalism has
kept Mrs. Sperry up to date in informa-
tion and progressive in thought. When
there was evident need of a remedy in her
family she was well aware that Paine's
celery compound was best to use. The
following enthusiastic letter shows the
happy results from the use of this greatest
ofjremedies:
Weils & Richardson Co., Burlington, Vt
Dear Sirs: A few weeks' use of Paine's
celery compound by my 83-yeur-old
mother has been of great benefit to her
and proved to my satisfaction that there's
nothing like it for the headaches and
sleeplessness incident to impaired diges-
tion. A niece in my family was also cured
of insomnia by usiug one bottle of Paine's
celery compound.
Yours very truly,
Hannah B. Sperry.
In every part of this country women are
utilizing these blessed spring days by tak-
ing Paine's celery compound and insisting
on its use by tbe members of their fami-
lies. It speaks volumes for this wonderful
remedy that of all the women who have
recovered health by its means very many
were induced to take it through the per-
suasion of other women — sisters, mothers,
friends or relative*.
Many a man slowly failing in health,
but stubbornly shutting his eyes to the
alarming fact, has been led to take Paine's
celery compound from seeing its remark-
able health-giving effect in the case of his
own wife, sister or some other member of
his household.
When a sick and feeble sufferer is seen to
gain steadily in healtb and vieor from tak-
length by Georsre Miller in a driving finish.
The favorite, messed about in the stretch,
was a fair third. Fifteen to one was laid
against Mount Roy finishing in the place,
and not a few players who searched
through the early issues of the "dops"
book nibbled at the bait.
The Texas horses victory proved a
costly one for his owner, W. L. Staniield,
for, entered to be sold for $1000, an out
sider boosted his price to $1500, at which
figure his owner retained him with tho
usual $5 bid.
In view of the consistent performances of
the honesi-going gelding ever since he has
been racing on tiie local tracks, the run-up
loosed uncalled for, and was not counte
nanced by the majority of horsemen and
race-goers.
The track was muddy, of the holding,
sticky sort, and played havoc with most of
the favorites, but two of the six sent to the
post getting back to the tape in front of
their fields. One of the biggest dumps of
the afternoon was the defeat of the top
heavy first choice Major Cook by the 30 to
1 outsider Charles A, who won cleverly in
fast time.
Irma wa6 made a 2 to 1 choice for the
first race at six furlongs, an l finished
third after leading into the stretch. la a
drive the 4% to 1 chance Verdette beat
Jerome S out a head.
Seven started in the seven-furlong run
decided over the inside course. Morveu
was a hot 3 to 5 favorite in the betting,
and shaking Decision off by the time the
stretch was reached won handily at the
wire a neck before the 4 to 1 second choice
May Day. Mits Ruth was a very baa
third.
By Holly's gelding Major Cook was a
cincby favorite in the third event at six
furlongs, the short price of 3 to 5 being
eagerly grabbed up by the bettors. He
whs outrun . from the very outset by
Charles A, who gradually forged to the
front and passed the wire an easy winner
by two lengths in the fast time of I:lG}^.
San Marco, well backed for the place, was
a good third.
The promising two-year-old . Sweet
William evinced a liking of the most pro
nounced type for muddy going. • It was
no secret, though, for he was backed down
in the betting on the five-furloag spin lor
the kindergarten division from 9to 5 to 7
to 5. Getting away third, he took the lead
at leisure and won easily a length in ad
vance of Horatio in 1:03%, an excellent
performance.
A heavy plunge was made on New Moon
to gather in the last race of the day — a
cheap selling affair over nx furlongs— her
odds being gradually rubbed from 6 to 1 to
13 to 5. Unfortunate in getting away
from the post poorly, the Montana tilly
made up a deal of round, but had to be
content with ird place, behind Favory
and Howard. Favory, who captured the
race in a drive, was at one time 15 to 1 in
the betting.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
George Rose allowed Al Coney to book
for him on the opening race, resigning hia
place on the block temporarily to the well
groomed Eastern turf light. Al did not
figure Veraette very high »«nd suffered a
paralytic stroke at tne outset, losing $800
to the race.
Zoolein was backed down from 40 to 8 to
1, and after exhibiting some speed early in
the running dropped back and finished in
tbe ruck.
Great preparations are being made by
the Pacific Coast Trotting-horaa Breeders'
ing Paine's celery compound, not much
room for doubt i 3 left to the most stub-
born-minded person. This joyous trans-
formation from sickness to health is going
on in thousands of homes across the wide
extent of this country.
The reputation of Paine's celery com-
pound has grown by word of mouth, fioru
persons made well, to others who nee'.ed
its healing, strengthening power. The
agreement of opinion among the best-in-
formed, most observant class of people, iv
the well-to-do homes of our largest cities,
as well as in the niorefrueal town commu-
nities, places Paine's celery compound
far in advance of any remedy. Paine's
celery compound is, in tact, the only spring
remeiy ever heard of iv the home of
practicing physicians.
This great remedy is not an ordinary
spring sarsaparilla, bitters, tonic or nerv-
ine. Paine's celery compound is as far
apart from any of "these guesswork reme-
dies as black is from white In the eyes of
physicians who regularly prescribe it, use
it themselves ana carry it home to their
own families. Puine's celery compound is
the famous formula of that thoughtful and
studious physician, Prof. Edward E.
Phelps, M.D., LL.D., of the Dartmouth
medical school.
It is the duty of every man or woman
who has been benefited by Paine's celery
compound to impress on friends and
neighbors its wonderful erh'cacy as a spring
remedy thai is in every way worthy of the
name.
The past of Paine's celery compound, as
every one who keeps informed of current
events is well aware, is a remarkable story
Of sick people made well, and of many per-
sons, who had given up health as wholly
lost, made strong as ever they were in their
lives. Paine's celery compound is the
spring remedy Dar excellence. No invig-
orator has been so much praised, discussed,
recommended and used by physicians, and
discerning, conservative men and women
in every walk of life.
The story of Paine's celery compound in
a nutsheilis that it makes people well.
Association for its big trotting meet to be
held at Ingleside track June 27 to July 4
inclusive. Rich $1000 purses are offered
for the different classes, with $1200 for the
free-for-allers of trotting and pacing
brigades. Entries for the different events
will close with Secretary P. W. Kelly, 313
Bush street, on June 1. Entry blanks can
be obtained upon application to that ad
dress.
With a splended track and fat purses
the light-harness horsemen should enter
liberally and make this the greatest meet
ing of recent years. A surfeit of the gal
lopers has been had, and with good norses
competing big crowds and success is as
sured.
THE CHUTES TO-DAY.
Unusual Attraction* Are Offered This
Afternoon and To-Murrow.
The chutes will be thrown open to-day
and to-morrow and every child who is on
the grounds this afternoon will be pre
sented with one of the Japanese practical
parachutes that have tielichted the hearts
of t ousanus of youngsters since the
weekly presentation was inaugurated
some time since.
A 40,000-candle-power searchlight has
been placed in position on top of tho
chute tower and night balloon ascensions
Will shortly be given, the airship's course
being followed by the big tight. This is
a di>tinct novelty in aeronautics and will
be viewed with interest by those interested
iv sky-climbing.
To-morrow afternoon Leila Adair will
make an ascension and parachjite drop.
,-,^^ - EW _ T _?r° A T: '.
Ffl; t
DOCTOR SWEANY,
He i« acknowledged to be the most success-
ful Specialist of the age in the treatment of
all Nervous. Chronia and Private diseases of
both sexes. Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility,
Night Emissions, Exhausting Drains, Impo-
tency and all sexual oak ie*«es ami disorders
of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN a
life-long study and practice. Special atten-
tion given to diseases of the Eye, Ear, Head,
Heart. Throat, Stomach. Liver and Bowels;
Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Organs. Prompt
and perfect cures guaranteed. The worthy -
poor of the city are welcome to hi-, best pro-
fessional services on Friday afternoons of
every week, free and without cost. Hours:
otol2A. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sun-
days 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
F 1 QWFfiHV Mfl 737 Market St..
I. L. OllLnlil, m. U v San irancisco, Cai.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THK MARKETS.
Twenty-nine Failures this week.
Wheat and Barley weak.
Oats higher. Corn irregular.
New Alfalfa Hay arrived.
Beans dull.
Mexican Dollars weaker.
Hogs lower. Beef and Mutton unchanged.
Hops and Wool dull.
Hides firm.
New Potatoes higher. Onions firmer.
Butter, Cheese ami Egcs unchanged.
No vnriatlon in Poultry.
Cherries in smoll receipt.
Berries higher.
Oranges weak and plentiful.
Dried Fruits cleaning op.
Provisions continue quiet.
Coal rules firm.
Increased Foreign Imports.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 29
failures in the Pacific Coast states and Territories
for the week, ending yesterday as compared with 1 4
for the previous week and 18 for the corresnondlne
week ot 1895. The failures ior the past weeK are
divided among the trades as follows: 1 dry goods,
1 fruit, 1 pniitiu? company, 3 drugs, 1 contractor.
1 oil company, 1 iiouor, 1 general store. 3 gro
ceries, 1 bakery, 1 manmacturer of cigars, 1 hoiel
-1 lodging-house, 1 housekeeper. 3 saloons, 1 wood,
carver. 1 hotel and saloon, 2 blacksmiths, 2 hard
ware, 1 bicycle, 1 butcher.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign Imports at this port In April were
f3.-J29.760, against £3.996,200 in April. 1896. For
the first four months of the year they were $15,
-75-J.OOO, against $13,605,860 for the same period
In 1895. Of this year's imports $5,055,450 WH
from the Hawaiian Islands, $'.'.381,770 from
China, $2,171,200 from Japan, $1,333,875 from
Great Britain and $1,573,350 from Central
America.
Kxplanatlon.
The arrow fliei with the wind. The top figure*
St station indicate maximum temperature for the
Jays: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainiai!, of melted slow in Inches and hncdredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
l.a- connect points of equal air pressure; s
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. 'J he
word "bleb" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by c'.oudy weather nnd rains.
"Lows' 1 usually first appear on the Washington
era*:. When the pressure is high in th» Interioi
and low along the coas:, and the isol ars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south o( Oregon is improb
able. With a -high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California* coast, warmer
weather may be exported in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BIREAC REPORT.
Usited States lIEPARTMKST OK AnKicnL-
TfBE. Weather Burkau, san Fbascisco, May
22, IS9«, 5 p. m. — Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The lollowinc are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Kun-ka 61.42, last -eason 41.94: Red Rluff 82.18,
last se»so:i '.'9.-6: i-ranclsco 21.20. last sea-
25.41: Fresno 8.18, ,<isi season 14.67; San
Lull (<bU|>o 17.7'J, last m»*cii '.'5.93: I^os Angelas
9.:.5. las; season 16.10: -hu Dieso 6.92, last seu-
1'J.lO: *• uma .Bb, litsl season XUI.
The following maximum temperatures are re
por;ed to-day from s:auons in California miring
lire peat twenty-four noon: Knreka 62. Red Fluff
70. San Francisco 60. 1- resno 78, San Luis Obis, 10
ys Lot &ngrlea TJ. .--an Die^o 68. Yunia 92.
r-an Francisco data— .Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 51. mean 55.
The lollowin: niuifulls are reported in Californ a
during the pasi 24 noon: Kureka .44. Red Bluff
.-J4. sun Francisco .03, Fresno .02, *an Luis
Obispo .02.
Th>- area of low pressure central last night over
Nonnern Calitornla ha- moved in. and and is
poatllßy to-nicht the area of low pressure which
ipjiears over Western Montana. The pressure has
risen over the entire country west of the Rocky
Mou:. tains. Along the coas: of Oregon and North
ern California the rtee haa been two-tentbs of an
inch or over. The barometer is high to-night off
the coast of Nor hern California.
The temi>erathre has risen over Northern Cai.
forn.a. Ne\a<la and Utah, and fallen over Wash
ington. Idaho and Northern Oregon. There has
be«-n a fall of from 10 to 15 degree* of temperature
over Washington, probably caused by the rain.
Ther- 4 has been a rise of from 10 to 15 degrees in
Nor . heastern California, Northern Nevada and
Northern Ct.-.h.
Ram has fallen In the exrerue northern portion
of Caliioruia and northward generally through
Oregon and Washington. No rain has fallen in
Calhornia south of Bank*.
Conditions are favorable for fair, warmer weather
Saturday throughout Calhornia.
Ferecattt made at San t raucisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. May 33, l«»b:
Northern California— F.^ir Haturday: warmer in
northwestern portion: fresh souihwest'-rly winds.
Houlhem Calitornia— Fair >aturday; light west
erly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday morning; fair Satur
day.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
Arizona-Fair Saturday.
sau Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
fresh westerly winds, increasing in force in the
afternoon. Alexanhkr <;. Mcadie.
Local Forecast uQicial.
NEW lOKiv MARKET!).
,*;.. ■[', Financial.
NF.W YORK. N. V., May 22 The market at
th 9 Stock Exchange was bare of specialties. Sugar
seconds and Manhattan were favorites of traders
who still control the limited speculation. Sucar
gained nearly two points, moving up to IJU> s on
buying by brokers who. it is said, are acting for the
Uavemeyerlnitrtst. The recent decline in reUntd
aDd the passing of the new sugar-bounty bill by the
Bundesratb marie a number of bears on the slock,
and the short Interest was Urge uj> to yesterday.
The rally then and the further advance to-day
rather alarmed the bears, who were among the
heaviest buyers in the closing dealings. Tobacco
rose 2Vi percent to 673-i, and closed at the top
figure.
Manhattan rose from 102% to 105%, the refusal
of the appellate division of the supreme Court to
confirm the Rapid Transit Commission report,
having started mm lively demand for the stock.
The decision practically kills the underground
rapid transit sememe.
The railway list started oft weak on lower cables
and tbe withdrawal of $1,100,000 gold from the
sub-treasury lor export. The loss, however, was
ruiTfly fractional, him in the afternoon session
higher prices were the rule. Tne statement of the
Nonhwe t road for April shows an Increase of
$302,000. Thin strengthened the Grangers.
speculation left oft strong, net changes showing
advances of Vif?2 per cent, the latter in Man
hattan. Total sales were 133.375 shares, Ihe
Bond market w»s higher to-day. The transactions
nxscrrgau-d 2,000. Detroit Gas consul fives
rose 1 to 82: Pittsburg and Western fours, 1 to 77:
St. Paul gener.tl fours, series A, 1 to 97 1 ' a ; Union
Pacific general four and a halfs, 2 to 50; Kansas
and Texas fours, « ; to Bb.
In Government bunds 13030 coupon fives sold at
113 and $10,000 registered . fours of 1907 at
10b 7-8.
Grain.
FLOUR— Dull, easy: Winter wheat, low grades,
f I 76&2 90: do fair to fancy, *2 50r0.3 65; do pat
-1 m.i, $3 75@4: Minnesota clears. 50^3 10: do I
straits, 33<A3 50: do patents. «3 46©4 30: low
extras. -91 75@2 »0; city mills. $4 1«J(«4 20: do
1 at-nis. *4 30@4 50; rye flour steady. *2 40@3 50
-*u; ert:ne, $2<s2 25: fine, SI 75Q2 10. South
ern Mour.dull, steady; common 10 fair extra, $2 30
foy 10: good to choice, 9 90@3 2U.
COHNMEAL— Quiet: yellow Western, $2 05«
2 10: Brniiiiywm -, *2 50.
HYE— Steady; No. 2 Weste;B«l3(^43%c: State.
4-.Cg,4t<- delivned.
I.AKLEY— UuIet; ungr.vi»-d Western. 39@41c.
BAR..EY MALI -Quiet; Western. 47©53 c
. \\li KA J — More active for export : f. 0.h.74'/4C;
nnpr..'!eu red, b5.'g.75c: No. 1 Northern. 70a
i.i'ton« "advanced ,4&^i> c on firmer cables,
oetter West - an-1 ■ dullish ••- -crop news
from Kansas, fell &feS>»ic on locsl liquidations,
closed witk .' t '.^ra.-'gc tinder yesterday with trad
in~ (airly active. Jo! ■ and September most active.
No. 2 red, May. #73 4 c; June, and July, 67% c;
1 August, '67l.4c: September, 678/ 8 c: December.
(39c.
CORN— DuII, easier. No. 2, 35c elevator: 36c
afloat.
Options dull, easier, with the West and on local
realizing. July most active: .V ay and June, 36;
July. 35% c; --eptember, 36% c.
OATS— Steady.
Options dull, nominally easier. May, 24c; July,
24V a c. Spot prices: No. 2, 2414 c: No. 2 white,
;j%c; No. 2 Chicago, 25Vic; No. 3, 28V*c: No. 3
while, 24i,4c: mixed Western. V3%@23s.ic;
white do. -Jti@2&; white State, 26@28c.
•FEED BRAX-55@65C
MIDDLINGS— 65<a70c
KYt— l-eed.6sc.
Provisions.
BEEF— <Juiet,steady: family. $9@10: extra mess,
*7@B: beef bams, $14 60@15; tierced Deef
inactive; city extra India mess, 813@15; cut
meats dull, steady, unchanged: pickled bellies, 12
pounds. 4J/4C; do shoulders, 4v 4 be; do hams,
9(ai9 l/jc.
LARD— DuII, easy; Western steam, 34 60;
city, 94 15: May. 94 60. Refined, Quiet; conti
nent. $5; t-outh American. *i 40; compound, 41 i.x,
4J jc.
PORK— Quiet, easy: old mess, 88 25@8 75; new
mess, $9@9 50.
BUT! Steady, fairly active; State dalrv. H@
15c; do creamery. ll@15c: Western dairy. 7@loc;
00 creamery, ll@15c; do held. 9fi»llc: do factory,
7@10%c; KK'ins. 15c; Imitation. 10(gl2c.
I'HKKsE- Moderate demand; Mate large, new,
6V2@7Vic; do small, new. BV4C: part skims, old,
3;a.ii. 2 c: do, new, 2@sc; full skims, 2* »c.
EGUS— Firm, light receipts; state and Pennsyl
vania. ll@12c: Western iresh, 9%@11c; do, per
case, $1 6002 66.
TALLOW— Quiet; city, S@3y 8 c; country. S@
3%c.
COTTONSEED OIL — Nominal: crude. 21c;
yellow, prime. 25c; do off grades, 24*4 c.
RESIN — Quiet, Head y; strained, common to good,
SI 80@l 85.
TURPENTINE-Quiet. steady: 26@25%c.
POTATOES— Weak; old. o<>@7oc: Bermudas, $2
@2 40; Southern, $1 35@1 40.
RlCE— Fairly active; Domestic, fair to extra, 3
(£s3;c; Japan, 4@4y^c.
4iuLAS>Er»— inn; New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— Quiet; 5 points down to 5 points up.
May, 912 85; June' $12 60; July. 912; August,
$11 46; September, $11 10; October, $10 65;
December, 910 35@10 4a Spot Klo easier, dull;
No. 7. 14c
SUGAR — Raw, steady, quiet; fair refining,
3'/4c ? Ib; centrifugals*. 96 test, 4c V tb: refined,
quiet; off a. 4 11-16@4V4c: mold A.5?-sC; standard
a, sygc; confectioners' A, sc; cut loaf and
crtisheu. s^4c: powdered A, 5 11-16 c; granulated,
gc; cube.s, 68/ c.
Fruit and Prod ace.
CALIFORNIA I-RUITS—
ALMONDS— NominaI.
WALNUTS— NominaI.
APRICOT: — Bags. 8y 3 ®loc
PEACHES— reeled, |T Ib, 10@12e: do no-
J.-K itM, 5@,7C
PRUNES— Four sizes. 5c
RAISINS — Two-crown loose muscatel. So; three-
CTOWII do. 4c: four-crown do, 4 3 ,^(55c; Lon
don layers do, 90c@Sl.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 2%aßc:
Pacific Coast. 2%@7c
WOOL— Quiet: domestic fleece. 15@21c; pulled,
15^33c; Texas, 7@l2c
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Active American. «10 75©13 60.
COPPER-Firm: lake. $11 Us@ll 50.
LEAD— DuII; domestic. $3 02y>.
TlN— Quiet; Straits. 913 50(a13 65; plates,
moderately active.
SPELTi.K-Qulet: domestic 54 12%.
CHICAtiO MABKKTB.
CHICAGO, 111.. May 22.— 1t was considered
significant that Liverpool cables were but I t 'l
lower this morning, while we declined a full cent
yesterday. The trade was disposed to attach im
portance to the fact and, therefore, the opening on
wheat was firm and about ii 4 .%.",r above yes
terday's clos?. That was the best that could be
done, however, for there was nothing else at hand
to help the market. Prices «i«ou began to display
a weaker undertone and to sue on*. Business
throughout the morning waa quiet nnd null with
little interest either of a local or outside character.
Receipts at Chicago were five cars and 14,620
bushel* wen 1 withdrawn from store.
The Northwest had 295 cars against 274 last
Friday and 277 a year ago. Kx.cr clearances
were moderate at 180,950 bushels. Closing Paris
cables were unchanged to higher for flour, and un
changed to lower for wheat. Berlin aid Antwerp
quoted declines. During the lust hour exeat weak-
MM developed, the only reason for which lay in
the cenrrnl discontent and dissatisfaction coming
from a lack of bull news. July wheat opened
from 61 i jc to 61*'« c, deciinod to 60 Vic. closing at
60S'sC— ly^fj&s/gc under yesterday. Estimates re
ceipts for to-morrow stß cars.
CORN — Was neither active nor independent.
The trading was of a local kind and small at that.
The tone and feeling came entirely from the wheat
market and the range of prices was 100 narrow to
terinit of profitable dealings even by pri%-ilfge
holders. Receipts were 254 cars and 122,309
bushels were taken from store. Liverpool cables
were quiet and unchanged. Kxport clearances
were light at 87.459 bushels. July corn opened at
VDS'gc, sold between 29s yt^i;9X / <,c and 29 1 4 c clos
ing at 291 4<<£2P3-BC. Vs c under yesterday. Ks
timated receipts lor to-morrow 278 cars.
OATS— FMned a quiet and uneventful day.
There was not even the incentive to action of a
lively Wheat market, and with nothing of a direct
nature to stimulate business, there was neces
sarily a dull and monotonous session. lie Blpti
were 251 cars and 91.218 bushels were taken from
store. Kxport clearances amounted to bO.OOO
bushels, shipped from Newport News. July Oats
closed Vi@ s/sCs /sC under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 821 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash. 87c bid 87% c asked:
July, 85c; September, 87c Receipts were 22
cars.
PROVISIONS— Product was more active than
recently. The extremely low prices ruling led to
some buying early. Ihe ho;; market wus Irregu
lar, heavy lots being quoted weak an.l others
steady, Pork brcke sharply during the morning,
packers and professionals offering freely, but lard
and ribs held fairly well. Later a partial recovery
took place, shorts covering moderately. July pork
closed 12% c under yesterday. July lard 2%c
lower and July ribs a shade higher.
BUTTER— Was linn to-dity. Offerings wire
moderate and there was a good Inquiry, prin
cipally for fancy makes. Creameries— Extras, 15c:
firsts, 14@14%c: seconds. ll@13c: lmi.aiions.
fancy. ll@l3c. Dairies— Extras, l.ic: firsts. };)(a>
He; seconds. 9c asked. Ladles— Extras, 9(a,lo<;;
firsts. S@!j>U:c: packing stock, 7c esked.
BOOS— Wen firmer. Mock was arriving but
slowly, and the demand showed improvement.
Fresh stock was quotable at B%@loo p dozen.
MONEY— Was bJJ on call and *Xa,7X on time
loans. New York exchange sola at 91 premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— May. 59%0; July, 606% c; eep
t«mber. 61s/ B @6l»ia
CORN— May. > /4 !3,W'sc; July, 29V1@29%c;
September. 30% c.
OATS— May. 18% c; July. 18%@18%c; Sep
tember. 19Vs c -
PORK— July. 97 22%: September, 97 40.
LARD— JuIy. *4 35; September, *4 50.
KIBS— July, 93 87%: September, 94 02%.
. Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111., May 22.-The
cattle market was steady to day. Receipts were
light and the demand moderate. Ho^s were ir
regular. Heavy lot« were quoted weak to 5c lower
and others steady. Receipts were moderate, but
the inquiry was slow. Sheep were strong and ac
tive to the extent of suppir, which was light.
CATTLE — Receipts. 1500. Fancy beeves,
94 20@4 30: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $400@U25: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. *3 8O&3 95: medlnm steers. 1000
to 1 600 pounds. 9$ 60(43 75 : common to talr steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. 9'S 25&3 50: choice leeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. S3 bb'g-'.i 85; common to choice
stockers. $2 85&3 55: Dulls and stags, choice 10
extra. 93 00@3 25: bulls, poor 10 cnolce. 92 00 c,
2 90; cows and heifers, extra. 93 75^4 10: cows,
fair to choice, i 2 W&'A 70: cows, common to fair
*1 50@'J 35; calves, good to choice. 94 7*®
5 10: calves, common to good. 93(£4 70; Texas
grass steers, 92 65 a3; I>xas fed steers. 93 15
($3 90: Texas cows and bulls, 9 2 2:1(3,3 25; milkers
ana springers, per bead. 520@40.
HOGS— Receipt*. 24,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, 93 10/4.3 32%: common to choice
mixed. S3 l.V;a.:< 40: choice assorted. 93 iO'os
3 50: light, 93 20&3 50: pigs, 92 50*3 50.
SHEEP — Kecelpts. 3500. Inferior 10 choice,
92^4: lambs, 53&6 25
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NKW YORK. N. V., May 22.-R. C. Dun * Co.
In their weekly review of trade to-morrow wir say:
Failures for the wee.i have been 227 in the
Inltea States against 207 iast year and 28 in Can
ada asralnst 23 last year. There is nothing like
rea tion in business, though the volume Is small.
The siolc maricet refuses to obey the orders for a
panic Manufacturer* are not gaining on the
whole, but very few are losing. Railroad stocks
average a shade higher than a week ago and there
:s übur.dant evidence that men of money are
watchinc for the right moment to buy at the bot
tom, cert;. in that «ood < rops and definite political
prosper ts will bi:n« inij.rovenient in the fall Men
of aU purtirs have faith thut the American people
will lind the right way to maintain the soundness
o! their comncj.
1 here is no longer the threatened dancer that
both uousesof « ongress will go wrong, and thesuc
cess or sound-money men in both par' ios as' far
west as South Dakota is mos significant The
business world uhs the best 01 reasons tor refusing
to ?o Into a panic, and it looks hopetully forwani
to definite improvement as soon as political uncer
tainties an- out of the way. The wa ting condi
tion which seems 10 some people no;hinif better
than stagnation still conti uit-s. bin there U a dif
ference. Thousands of orders ana contracts are
merely deferred because they can be more saielv
given a li-tle lalor. '
There is nothing exciting In the speculative
market for exportable proUncts, and the stories
about damage to wheat have been numerous out
the general h*iw regarding the future supp'iv Is
fairly reflected in the decline of 162 c per bushel
Cotton sprculation lined the prices a Traction tor a
day or two, but It decllued again. If ihe output of
pigiron were always a reliable barometer of busi
ness conditions, as some suppose, the returns of
furnaces lv blast May 1. according to the Irou
Age-18«.319t0u5-agalnst 1K7.451 April 1, would
be convincing: tut (he increase of stocks unsold
since January 1 has been 243,915 tons, and this
deducted from tb- output of furnaces leave*
2.976.348 tons for four months, which is certainly
in excess ot the actual consumption, i>ecause the
slocks of the great stec-1 companies are no; included
in the statement.
Muce the steel-billet pool was formed these
stocks have doubtless increased largely. There Is
scarcely any improvement in tbe demand for fin
ished productS.thoiiKh the Steel Kar.\-«<>. mi 1011 has
become strong enough to enable makers of steel
bars to get a slightly higher price. The demaud
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
for nails is so light that a reduction of price is ex
pected; the demand for structural work Is less
urgent, but yet orders are encouraging in number.
Bessemer pi« is a shade lower, and the Hblest ob
servers of tbe iron market nolle there is glaring
incuupruity between pigatSlv: 60. billets at $20 25
and steel roils hi (38.
The hoot and shoe manufacturers have quite the
best of it at present and the factories are nearly all
employed at lull time, some of them huviuu orders
for some months ahend. A slight advance in
woman's shoes is the only change made in prices,
l.ut ncain advance is expected because the miir
ket for 1-ather is much stroiiK-r in tone, though
this week unchanged in quotations, while the Chi
cago market for hides is qu.te excited because of
sennty supplies and the average of quotations is
nearly 7U per cent higher. The textile manufac
turers are still waiting, as they have been for
months past, and the extensive curtailment of pro
duction does not strengthen prices in the least.
BANK CLEANINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 22.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
May 21, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec
New York 5647.552.193 16.1
Boston 90,428.826 3.3
Chicago 81.181,7»» 4.6
Philadelphia 67,384,928 6.8
St. Louis 2-J.996.055 6.5»
! Plttsbun: 16,100,192 5.»
Cincinnati... 11,942,050 9.8
Baltimore 14,051.253 8.5
San Francisco U\(174,H63 10.1
KansasClty 9,01»,34l 14.2
New Orleans 8.022,141 2.3
Louisville .» 5,214,462 16.7
Detroit 6.960,562 0.8
Minneapolis 6 365,217 19.3
Cleveland 6.075,801 10.7
Providence 4,803.200 3.7
MilwauKee 4.576.863
Indianapolis 4,561,316 6.3
Buffalo 4,817,079 4.8
St. Paul 4,377,369 3.1
Omaha 4.416:41 31.3
Denver 2,423.366 14.4
Salt Lake.. 1,362,241 42.3
Los Angeles. „ 1,104,169 19.8
Portland, Or 824,860 26.9
Tacoma ; 481,661 14.8
beattie 642,273 37.7
Spokane... 509.798 4.9
ftToUls V. 8 $991,339,029 10.8
Outside of New York
City ~ 443,851,836 .- 35
DOMINION OK CANADA.
Totals $19,821,599 0.5
NEW \"Ui;K STOCKS.
Bonds, Kxchans«, Money ami Railroad
Share*.
Money on cull easy at 2@2%\: last loan at 2%\;
and closing offered at - 1 ; ■ Prims mercantile
I.ai'er, 6(3SVsV Bur sliver, b7^gc Mexican dollars.
63c. eterling exchange quiet and firm, with actual
busiuess in cankers' Dills at 94 87 t (a,± 88 for
sixty days and *■; 86S£@>4 89 for demand. Posted
rate*. *4 86@,4 89%. commercial bills, SI tti-'< 4
04 87%. Uovernment bonds steady; Stale bond*
easy; railroad bonds higher, bilver at the board
was dull.
CLOSING BTOCKS.
A m Tel A Cable-... 82 I orio.k A We*:... 1 „
A-xLUon- 15V* Preferred. m hi 4
Interred *2*/« .Northern Paclflo.. I/4i /4
A «Jnms express.. .l4B j Preferred lli 4
A lton, Haute. 64 !Nonnwe«tern l0 "' r>Br >8
American Expresa.ll4 Preferred 14*, 2
American Tobacco. 67% N. Y. Central »>. ...
Preferred 99% .Y. Chicago A3.!. 1- Z
Bay fctateuas...-. 29*/8 Ist preferred..... <o
Baltimore « Ohio.. IBV4 id preferred, 31
trnuswiclt Land*.. % N. >•* N. U.,.^.174
I'.uftaio. Roch AP. 22 N. VANew Kng. 46
Canada Pacific..^ til N. "i . tnaq * W.» S3.
Canada Southern.. 51% Preferred. „ 841,,
Canton Land K)7/ 8 Ontario. . 13
Central Pacino.... . Ontario A Weatara. 14%
Cbes-A 0hi0...... It*"* Oregon lmprornu. 1
Chicago Alton 167 Preferrea. — .
Preierrea. 170 Oregon Navigation. 14
Chicago. O. A Vl.— 75*% Or* ton Bhort Una. 7%
Chicago.* E. 111... 41 ir&citicMau ; 2f>s,
Preferred. 9>* 'reona. D.A Evans. 2'
Cnlcagouaa 6Sy 8 Pittsburg A W pfd. 16
Cleve A PitUbur».l62 J'ullman Palace... 157
Consolidation Coat .*- Viulckdliver 1
Consolidated Gas..l.S7V>»' Preferred. _ 16
. C. C. A St. Louis. 33i^Beaaing iIU,
Preferred. 83 " ,P..oUrandr AWeeta 1j
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 18%! Preferred. — 43
Preferred... 90 Rock Island 7o^.
Cotton Oil ten.... 13 llomeWat AOgdenll .3 /+
Commercial Cable. 150 tt. L. AH. \> 41 3 ;
1-* l. Hudson 126% Preferred. „ lu'.i
Uel.LackAWesternloO% M.Pa-ot 7;: 8
Denver U.. 14 j Preferred. 12« i. 4
Preterred. 48 Kt. Paul A Duluth. 23
Distillers -. 183,'gi Preferred. „ 86
I'ineik. £-l*ctr:o... 3; iM. Paul A Omaha. 4::»j
trie — 14 Preferred. 124
Preferred :*6»i;t!t. P. M- A M. 112
Fort Wayne 160 Silver Certincaies.. ti- 1 .
Urea*. Northern era. tout htm Prcitla.. 19Vi
Green 8ay.. ........ % boutnern Ji. it..._ <u s
Bariem 296 I Preferrea '.h< 4
Uocklntr Coal 2V4 fengar Refinery.... 124 a«
Booking Valley... '.5 ) Preferred. 103%
Ilomestake 32 Term. Coal A Iron. i»i..
H. A Texas Cent.. 2 I Preferred... 100"
Illinois central.... 9t> Texas Pact flo 81.
lowa Central... .... si ,■„ ToI.A.A.A N.Micn.—
Prelerreo. _ Sj • -j f,i. A Ohio cen.... 32
K>rjs«s<c T»m._ ' I ' 4 Preferred 73
Preferred „ 3.v. 4 1 St. Louis A 6 3
Kingston A Pern... 3 i Preferred......... 6
Lake fine A Westa 17- 1 * Union Pacific. ..... 7%
Preferred 71-|,ii: P.. Den. A Unit 3i 4
Laxe Shore 149 iU b. Cordage....... si»
National L«aa_.... 25 iV Preferred ._ 10%
Preferred. _ »«i " | Uunranteed.....^ 21
lor,;: Island 73Vj;C B. Express. <MM 40
Louisville A Nash. :o >« L. t. Limner ..._ 91A
LciuißvUlaNaACo. 91.. Preferred. .«. 6;> 4
Preferred >o '* L*. S. lluobar 24%
Manhattan Coasoi. :iim b Preferred. M H43/.
al«mpnis A Cnarla, 15 UtlcaAß. River.. l6o
Mexican central... M| YVsh. b. L. A Pao.. 71 i
Mlchi«an Centra!.. £* ' , Preferred. „ ib '
lilnn&a.i. — . tWells-Fanra....^. 93
Preferred. — Wi stern talon... b5%
II inn. A St. L com. LSi/4 Wig central _ 1%
Ist preferred 78% :W heeling AL. 8.. JOY*
2a preferred 48 1 Preferred. 86
UiMourl Tactile.. 3*114 Am Cotton OU pXa. 61:.
UobUeA Ohio ai W U Beet « 71?
tiashvlUe Chau.... r,B I Ann Arbor ;ti,
N atlonal Linseed.. l,:. 4 Preferred 25
N. J. Central 105% Brooklyn Traction. 24%
North American... 6^» Krie 2d pfd 21
CI»SrN<» BONDS.
l'«s.r« ;:::1O8»41M X T 2ds. 69%
Do. 4s c0up0n. ..1091,*. D 0.45... ' 86
C P 4sr.ewrec 116% Mutual Unlon'«s.'..ll4
Do, 4s coupon. ..lloi X ! S J Cent CJen &1...119
5°- 2» 9*u. Northern Pao Ist* 1 1 1 4
o, 6« »1 ?; s*! **• 2da 115
Da fc§ eouoon_..ll23i Do. Sfis. 7:-t
Cherokee 4s. 189b. 100 AorthwestConaoii 7
Do, 1897- 100 Do. deb toj!7^ 108 V.
If. IM>B." 100 OR AN lsta 1 10 **
I*.lb8»- 100 BiLAlronMtOeaoi 79%
Pecinceaof'»s....— - IbtLA B (Sli*Vi
1: ,1.8-6 6s 109V4 fct Paul Consols ...1:«)
Ala Class A 4. 105 jM.p. c. APalsts.
Do. Class 84. 6a. 105 j Do. Pac Cai • «s_ 1 1 0
J-»Con»olts. 97% Southern R. R. Oi. »3»i
Missouri funding..— i Texan Pacific firsts 90
KCarolln»oones_l24 Texas .eoonas. a is,i
_ **?• *■; 104 lnlonPaclstor9«.lo:(V,
*o Carolina 4%5._ 106 ! W>.t Shore 4a. .106
I»iiiib»wji 84 Mobile A Ohio is.. 96
> a funding deM... 61% r uranaeWest Ist* 76
*'•• »** — - Ches AO 6s 1073.5
f>o. deterred ««... 5 Atchlson 4s „ 79Vs
•L>o. trust rents st 6 Do.2dsA.._ txZZ
Csnsaa South Zas.. 105 oHAB ACs lO'i
ten Pac Ist. or 95 101% Do. 3d 7a. 101
iS,* R° *" l A° l 2 h AT« Con*.-.
0 -" 9 iV«l Do.con6s 100
* rte2 os 65 Heading 4* 7qii
Kansas Consoli 72 Missouri Us lyg '*
1
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Eno., May 23. -The spot market
!, 8 , qu .L et at6s 4^ d @ s » 6x /i<i- Cargoes steady at
27s 6d sellers, prompt shipment.
FfTFRES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Mar
5s 23 / ; d; June. 5s 2" 4 d; July, 6s 3d; August, 01
3d .-eptember, 6s 3d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Esq.. May 22.-ConsoK 112 7-16:
silver. 31 l-16d; French Rentes, 102f 2%a
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 94 Stu-k
Sterling Exchange, sight — *-•■-,
sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight... . — 12lfc
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 16
Fine Silver. > ounce — 67" a
Mexican Dollars 54 14 64*4
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Nothing new. Market stagnant. No.
1. $1 06V4: choice, 91 07%@l OK -4 : lower grades.
91@1 06: extra choice for milling, 91 16@1 20 «
I ctl.
• ' CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informai. SKsnioN — 10 o'clock — December—
300 tons, 91 03: .
Kx-n.AK .Mobnino Session — December— 3oo
tons, $1 02" : 1000. $1 02« 4 . .
aktkknoon" SESSION — iJecember— 3oo tons.
91 02*, v
BARLEY— Quotations continue to shade off.
Feed, 71Vi@72%c; choice, 733i@75c; Brewing,
80@85c
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
JtKoi'i.Aß >!orxin« Sf.ssk.n — 1 ecember— 3oo
■ tons. 73% c; 100, 73V4c: 6<JO. 73%& ■
Aftkknoon Session — December — 100 tons,
73% c
OaTS— Another advance Is noted. .The market
is very firm. - Milling quotable at 77*vM§85c r ctl;
fancy Feed, 85<# 1 «0c: good to choice. 80 a,hsc; com
mon to fair, 70@77%: Gray, 72%©b2%c; Sur
prise. 90c<$91 V ctl.
CORN— Lage Yellow Is firmer. White Is neglect
ed and lower. Large Yellow, 90&9'2%c; Small
Round do, 97%c@*l: White. 82%&85 c * ctl.
RYE— 7s^7%c V ctl. . • ■>
BUCKWHEAT— B6@9Oc « cU.
KLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
S3 75@3 86 V bbl : Bakers' extras. f 3 55® i 65;
superfine. *2 75@3.
COKXMEAL, ETC.— Corn, $20^20 50;
Cracked Corn. 9*41 9 ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Pricesln 10- ft sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
4 c; Rye Flour, 3/4 c:3 /4c: Rice Flour. 7%c: Corn
meat, 2>'«&3<>: extra. cream do. 31-^c: Oatmeal,
4 c; Groats, 4%c; Hominy. 4^4Vjc; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c- Cracked Wheat, 3i<jc: Farina,
4i^c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Rolled Oats, 4«^C;
Pearl Barley, 4Vj>c: spilt Peas, 4%c: (ireeu Uo,
514 cf> tb.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 50 '$ ton.
MIDDLINGs—9I6 60@17 50 V ton for lower
grades and 918@19 ¥* ton for the best.
• FEEDSTUFFs — Rolled Barley. $ltt<o&l6 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 920 * ton: jobbing, $21;
Cottonseed Oilcake 521 ?* ton. ,_ •
HAY— A car of new Alfalfa came in. Prices show
no change. Wheat *t*(aH 60: Oat, * 7 <?- Wheat
and Oat. 98&11- Barley, $7®B 50: Alfalfa. 9709;
Clover, $6@7 50;. Compressed Oat. 96 50^,8: Com
pressed Wheat, $7«;10 50: Stock, ?6@7 i» ton.-
STRAW-»o@soc ft bale.
BEANS ANO SEE US.
BEANS— Bayos quotable at 90c(g.*l * ctl; Small
Whites, $1 25@1 40 %i ctl; Pea, *1 26@1 45
? ctl: i>arge Whites. *I®l 15 » ctl: Pink,
*5@97%c; Keds. *1 26: Blackeye. *1 40r*l «55;
Bed Kidney, 81 50(q,l 65; Limas, ?- 60@2 76;
Butters, ?1 40@l 60 Tor small and « 1 25@1 60 tor
large. ... : . .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at «1 50
@2 25 » ctl; Trieste $2<g>2 50 }* ctl: Yel
low Mustard, fl 40®l 60: Flax. 9 1 70@l 80: Ca
nary, 28^0 V lb; Alfalfa, 7%@»yaC «* tt>: Xa P«i
2%c ft lb: Hemp, B%c * tb. '».■. "
DIUED PEAS— *lvb<&l 40 «» ctl for Nlles and
*1 25<$1 45 lor Ureeu.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes In sacks are higher
at 90c@$l 25; new Early Rose in boxes from the
River, 91 60@l 75; new Garnet Chiles, 91 16®
1 25; River Burbanks. 60@55c; Oregon Burbanks,
60($80c >. ctl; Early Rose, 60@<0c; Petal^m* and
Tomales, 65<$6&c r ctl; Humboldt Burbanks, tHXJi
700* en. -- ...
ONIONS— New firm at 65@65c H ctl. ■' '
VriGETABLES— Arrivals were 488 boxes As
paragus, 178 boxes Rhubarb and 293 sacks Peas.
Nothing new to report.
Summer Squash, 91 60 ft box: Egg Plant. 15c
3* tt>; Los Armeies Tomatoes, 9 - .'@2 75 fi box: Cu
cumbers, 50c@91 > dor; Asparagus, 9K&2 ?« bx tor
ordinary and $:.' 25&2 50 for extra: Rhubarb, 60c©
91 25; Dried Peppers, 7@9c: «!reen Peppers, 20c V
tb; Green Peas, 65t-Ca9l '■& sack for common and 2@
2%c^ Ib for Garden; String Beans, 6(5(10c fk lb for
Los Angeles and 10@llc V * for Winters; Horse
Beans. 50(g,7Sc $ suck: Dried Okra, 12% c; Cab
bage, 45@50c ft ctl; Garlic 4%&5 c"0 ttt.
BUXTEK, CHKKBS ANl> lA.GH.
BUTTER— As long as p acklnf keeps up prices
will probably remain stationary.
_ < Hum — Fancy. 14c; seconds, 13@13%c
9 lt>.
Dairy— Fancy, 13-:: good to choice, 12@12%c;
lower grades, ll@ll%c.
CHEESE— Coniinuvs in good supply. Fancy
mild new is quotable at 7c V Ib: common to good.
e&Bi/ac; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc "f 1 &>: Young
America. Bg)9c f* tt>; Western, lOi^llc; Eastern.
12@13%c
* l.i ;i ■>*- The market is steady with a fair demand.
Oregon Eggs, llc^ doz; Eastern K -zs, 1 1 la, 1 J %c;
Store Eggs,lltel2c: ranch Eggs, I'.'(»l3^||C; Duck
Eggs, li'g.lsc r doz.
I'OUJHY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Quotations showed no variation.
Live Turkeys are quo:abie at lH@lsc V* Ik for
Gobblers, 12@14c for Hens: Geese, r pair. 91@
1 25: Goslings. 91 25©1 60; Ducks. $3 60a.4 50
for old and 94146 p <10. tor young: Hens, .fa 50«
50; Roosters, young, $8(0,10: do, old, *4©4 60:
Fryers, i tiia-7 ; Broilers. $-i(a,b 50 for large and J -(a.*
for small; Pigeons. Ci 2 am I 50 for young and old.
GAME— Hare, So@7sc: Rabbits, 76c for Cotton
tails and 50.575 cfi aoz for small.
lEt'IDIOCS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals or Cherries were
1381 boxes, selling at 40<g,75c for White and Red
and 60c@41 > box for Black.
Receipts are remarkably light this year and the
recei;t rain will probably cut them down still
further.
BERRIEH-Receipts of Strawberries were- «H>
chests, selling at .*7iti.lO 1* chest for Longwortbs
and $;)(at> 50 tor large berries.
DOW be it la a, 20@2dc r- drawer and I%@'2%C 1*
tb in sacks for small and 30<a3&c V drawer and 2%
@3c I In bulk for large.
n&spberries, »l(a f l 10 f( drawer; Newcastle Kisp
berrles, V crate.
No Blackberries from Southern California. '
Currants, 50(<z;65c t* box. . ,
j CITRUS Flit" ITS— Oranges are weak and quiet
I with free stocks. Or.inge*,sl 2 Mil 75 box for
Seedlings, fMW i for Navels. $1 50&2 50 for Malta
Bloods and 91 BOM 60 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 75c4591 25 for common and 91 flO(oi'2 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, .*i 5(>(g,6
California Limes, $1: Bananas. 91(52 ft bunch;
Pineapples, *3&6 "r dozen.
DKIKI) FKIITS RAISINS, NFTS, ETC.
Spot stocks are gradually cleaning up and are
now limited to odd lots of generally inferior goods.
DKIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, l'^2c 9 tb for quar
tern, 2c mr sliced and 4'g,4V4C for evaporated:
Peaches, 2Vi(s4c and 6c for fancy:' Apricots, eiAcs
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10<$llc 1*
tt> for fancy Moorp^rK* Flirs. black. 2V-c for nn>
pressed: White Figs. 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c ft
lb for evaporated halves, 3%@tsc f* lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3V«e: Plums, 3V«c % Ib for pitted and
l%@2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3Va(£sc «i Si for;
prime to choice and 6%c for fancy.
Jobbinii Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
<? Ib; Bun-clrled. i "I'aMe: Peaches. 2 1 -4'<t4<- and,s ■• Bo
forfancy. peeled in boxes. llf412W:; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 6^5%c for 40{(450'i and 4V^(g.sc
for .'.rvijGO's; Apr cots. ►!" '-/fiV>c lor prime to choice
lOi^llc lor fancy Moorpark: Figs, black. 3%c:
White Figs, 3(a:sc: Pears, Si > tb for evapor
ated halve* and 4q.7 1 3 c for quarters: Plums,
3Vi@4c for pittM end lfetl%c for nnpltted; Nec
tarines. 4<r. ; c Tp Ib for prime 10 choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Fncesare as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3.i c V Ib: 3-crown. loose, 2 1 i e: 2
crown. 2c; needless Sultanas, 3%^33^e: seedless
Muscatels, 2%@2»ic: three-crown l/ondnn layers
70c V box: clusters, 91 35C<il 50: Debesa dusters.
92 lO@J '.'5; imperial dusters. 92 bO@2 75: Dried
Grapes. — >» It.
Jobbino Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3%c; 3
crown, y i(§)3c: 2-crown. 2V*®2%c Seedless So
tanas. 4c > Ib : Seedless, Muscatels, 3c: 3-crown
London layers. 75@90c: clusters, 91 6O@l 75:
l>ehesa clusters, 92 60: Imperial clusters, 9- 76:
Dried Grapes, — — . • -
NUTS— Walnuts are quotab c at 9@llc V tb
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c "#> Ib for Paper-shell, lob
bing lots: Almonds, 6@7%c f» tb for Langnedoc
and 8%«10c for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 5%
$.7- for Eastern and 4%@5%c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished- Filberts, Kc/.tc: Brazil Nuts. 9@loc V
D : Cocoanuts, 94 60@5 ft 100.
HONEY— Comb Is. quotable at 10@12c f> & for
bright and H(&)9c %* ft) for lower grades: water
white extracted, &ks%c fl Ib: light amber e»
tracted, 4Viß4^c; dark amber. 4c; dark. 2©»c
BEESWAX-a6®27%c * Ib.
PROVISIONS.
' CURED MEATS— DuII and unchanged. Bacon
Is quotable it 6c V Ib for heavy. 7c » ft
for light medium, 9c f^ It- for light. Vie for extra
light and 12c "$ It, for sugar-cured: Kastern Hustar
cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams. !0c ■? Ib:
Mess Beef. $7 60to8; extra mess do. 98 M)<*9: fam
ily do. *10: extra prime Pork, fH 50@9: extra
clear, fl Ift bbl: mess, 912 * bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c ¥ tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6Vic V Ib
for compound and 6»/ic for pure: pails, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, 61,4 c tor compound and b»/4c for
i>nre:_hall-bbls, 6Va@B%c; 10- Ib tins, IMP* do &;Ib,
s/s /i c ¥ tt>-
COITULENK— In tierces and 7@7*/»c
• tb in 10-tt> tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quotable at 7c '£ li>; culls and brands, 6° '$,
Ib; medium. 6c ft Ib; culls and brands, sc: light,
sc: culls and brands, -ie; Cowhides. s(j*6 1 '2C «* lb;
culls and brands, 4W4%c; salted Kin. 6c "A tt>;
salted Calf 7c: te!t.--u veal. «c: dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, 8c fl lb: dry Kip and Veal,
b@9c; rung. 7C7 C - dry Calf, 16c: colls, lOc; Goat
skins. 20(&35c each; Kids. 6c; Deerskins, good
rummer. 30c: medium, 15@26c: winter. lO@16o;
f-hf«>|.skins, shearlings, 10'«15c each: short wool,
'.>o(g3sceach:. > o(g3sceach: medium, 40@50c each: long wools,
60c each. Culls of all kinds about iAc less.
i TALLOW— Xo. 1. rendered, 3Vi©-3%c; No. 3,
«c: refined. 6%(a53,ic: Grease. 2%c f* Ib. <
WOOL — Wequoie Spring Neevaua, 6®9c '•$ tb:
San joaquiu and .southern Coast, six months, 4(^6c:
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4i/i@6«»c; northern free, 7
@9c: do, defective, s@6>/ic ** »
HOP>— We quote nominally I%@3 C i* *• ■■<
OKNEKAL. MERCUANUISE.
BAUS-Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 94 15@4 20;
June-July delivery, *4 25: San Quentin, 91 80:
Wool Bags. 24V=.@26%c •
COAL— Harrison's, circular says: "During tbe
week there have been seven arrivals from. the
Coast mines with 12,20* tons of Coal; from Balti
more 2014 tons, from Cardiff '.'397 toot, from Syd
ney 2225 tons. The unprecedented co:d mid stormy
weather at this time of the year has materially in
creased the consumption of domestic grades, hence
the jobbing and retail trade lias been brisk. Quota
tions for steam Coals bave been marked up, as (he
stocks of foreign on band »nd m ro:ite are excep
tionally li^ht. Ills a ions lime since the number
of vessels en route from Newcastle and Sydney
were only six (three from each port), and aggre
gating only 18.000 tons: this has not happened In
years. 'Ibis of course is entirely attributable to
the local labor disturbances at Newcastle, which
have been In effect for about v month and with no
evidence of any Immediate se;tlemenU In. the
meantime our northern collieries are being bene
tlted, as their Coals are brine consumed on con
tracts which call for' Australian. Outward grain
freights for tbe neat season's loading do not show
any marked Improvement, hence inward Coal
freights remain fair.v strong, "Corral Hollow 1 will
shortly become a factor In our fuel supply." • •
Wellington is quotable at 98: New Wellington,
98 V ton; soututield Wellington. 87 50 i> ton;
Seattle. f.VaS 60; Bryant, «5: Coos Bar. $4 50;
Wallsend. *6 50; Scotch. 97 50: Brymbo. *7 50:
Cumberland. 913 50 in bulk and 916 in aks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg., sll: Cannel. 98:
Hoc* Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
*7 60; Coke, 910 50 In rmlk and 912 60 9 ton In
sacks.
RICE- Chinese mixed, 93 '-•. @3 10: No. 1, 93 60
13.3 70 y c.l; extra No. 1, *3 9*34; Hawaiian,
93 37%&v3 M); Japan, B>3 7i@i>o: Rangoon, $3 10.
SUCAK- The Western susar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6',*c: Dry Granulated, J^sc:
Confectioners', a, 6%c;- Magnolia A. sc: Extra
C, 4;« c; Golden C, 4 : > 4 C : half-barrels. Vie more
than barrels, and boxes %c more-
SYkLT— In bbU 15c: Black Strap. 100
¥ *aL :
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs have again weakened. No change in other
descriptions. Wholesale rates for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6@si/4C; second do, 4%@
4%c; third do, 3%@4c ft Ib.
\'EAL— I-arge, 6@6c; small, 6©7 c Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6(«S%c; Ewes. 4V»®6c
V Ib. ■ ■ ...,-.,« ■•■:.,
. LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@6%c * lb.
i PORK— Live Hogs, 3y B @3i.ic %* * for large and
?.i4©3»'' s c for small and medium ; dressed do, 4%
ghVic %* Ew
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
roB 24 HOURS. ;\ •
nonr. or. «k B.6Bs Cheese.' ctls, ,_ 1 Z 6
Wheat. eUs 3,>«7bKggs. Dos 13,530
Corn, 1,186 Hides, n0........ M 282
Barley. ct1a..._.. 91.038 Pelts, 0d15.. ........ 240
Beans, sks. 1,471 .Wool, bis 409
Potatoes, in ... 905 Wine, gala 80,200
Onions, 5k5........ 77* Brandy, gals. » 1,000
Bran, mca. 5 1,048' Lime, bbls *■ 162
Middlings, ska.... 50j Leather. r0115...— - 90
Bay. t0n5.. ....... 334 Quicksilver. Oasia 165
Butter, ctu 2821
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
There are not many chances this week. Indeed,
all prices are undisturbed except for Fruit and
Vesttabies. The Spring Fruits, such as Cherries
and Berries, are scarce nnd dear, owing to the
widespread ravages of frost several weeks ago.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
OOAL— PER TO«f.
Cannel -fa 10 00 PleasantVal 9 50(910 00
Wellington. — @10 00 Southfleld
New Wei- Wellington — <a 9 50
lmffton.... — <aiO 00 Scotch — <9 960
Seattle 7 00* 7 SO coos Bay. .. 6 60^ —
Castle Gate. 9 60&10 00 1
dairy PKunnne, ktc.
Butter, fancy, %>. I Cheese, Eastern. . . 19®20
square 30/*SS Cheese, Swiss... 2O'cc:W
do, ■$ roll SOf<&— Common E(rgs..l2y a O —
do. choice.- 25(<a— RanchEffgSf«dz..-.16fii17
Ordlnar>ao — — Honey.comb, >itt>.l2ia 15
Cheese, c»l 10«t — do, extracted B(jsl2
MEATS— PK* POUND.
Bacon 12®17!Pork, fresh 12(315
Beef, choice 12(al6!Pork, salt ..10<al2
do, good 8«10 Pork Chops 19H1S
Corned Beef. 8& — Round steak 8(0,10
Ham, Cai 12y,(<415 Sirloin steak.. .12 1 'j(<S —
' do. Eastern 1 5@ — Porterhouse, do. . .1 *(g,20
Lard - 12<a)15 Smoked Beef — «-15
Mutton 10$ — : Pork Sausages. . . . «£2O
Spring Lamb 10@12 Veal 10&15
POn.TRY AJTD (ItVt
Hens.each 50® 60 Turkeys, V tb.. 15<Z& 18
Young Uoostr Ducks, each... BUM 90
era, each 75©l OOfieese, each....l 75r*2 00
Old Boosters, , Pigeons, »* pr.. -i<),n Vi
each 50@ MO Rabbits, # pr.. Bftfi 40
Fryers, each... -m 76 Hare, each..... 15® 20
Broilers, each.. 'Jfi'a, oil
FBI- ITU A Nl> VI I*
Almonds. V Ib 12«$ 15 Lemons, V d0r.... 15@20
Apples, f* m 10*612LinieB. V dor 12«515
Uananas, t>. dor...ls@2oOranges, V d0z....10®30
blackberries, tb.l'J^lSßaisina, >lb s<<sls
Currants. Tfr box.. !>ernt»s.?oskt26@3s
Cocoanuu. each. . . straw nerr:es.
Cherries. «i &> 8(a.15 ft drawer 256560
Gooseberries, ft It. S@ 6 Walnuts, flit) 15® —
VI«KTARI.».
Asparagus, i* 1b... 6(2lo Lettuce, ft dm . 15'c,2 ( >
Al . 10ia.:i0Mr'fat Squash, if* n. —<& —
Beets. 1* dor 12@1 5 Onions, V tt> .. 4f§ •">
Beans, white Vlb.'Ji 2 peppers, preen.
Colored. f< ..21 L »'a, 5 Parsnips, *» n0r....1. .'<i-0
Lima. V Ib 4@ 6 Potatoes, "f* Ib 2.'i 3
Cabbage, each 5<«10 do. New. 9 Ib ... 3® 4
Cauliflowers, each. 6fo 8 Rhubarb, > ... . ifi I
Celery, %< bunch... s(<» — |flad[shes.»d2uchs.lO(9l2
Cresß.^dzbunchs.2O(§2s'Sage, 1* lb 26w36
Cucnmber.t^doz.7s^l -J5 Strine Beans, 0.. 12-1-15
Garlic^ Ib 8(<; 10 Thyme, •$ tb 20@30
Green Peas, *t> . *(cb 6 Turnips, ji d0r. . . . 15.3,20
Lentils, ?* Ib 6® » Tomatoes, "& tb.... 15^20
J-IBH — I'KR POCJCD.
Barracuda.. ...... 10641-Jshad . B@lo
Carp B®lo| Sea Bass. — fd»S
Codfish —fa,'.:. Smelts - I"'* —
Flounaers lOfaj— isoles...; lOalS
Hi .iitiiu lO^a. — Skates, each 10^12
Hern 10 / -i — iSturgeon — <<S —
Kingfsh - — lOio,— Tomcod .....15@ —
Mackerel 20(« — Clams, ? gal . — <^15
do, Horse.- — <S& — Do, hardshell, a
Perch - 10(a» — 1 100..:.... ftfVS —
Pomnano — 'at — Crabs, each 12(i15
Rockflsh 12fA15 Do. softshell, "$ dz.2*wn,3s
Salmon, smoked. — Mussels, f- qrt 1O(^16
Salmon, fresh 12fid — Oysters, Ca1,¥t100.40(3» —
fchnnijis 8(ilO Do, Eastern, V di .25^,40
THE STOCK MARKET.
Pricea for Mining stockn Continue to
Decline.
The break in mining stocks continued yesterday
as will be seen by tbe quotations. There was a
sti-u.lv depreciation al! day, amounting to 15@H0c
In the higher-priced stocks. Business decrea.-.ed in
proportion and the market looked as if it were
droppliiK back of lt« own weight.
After the board there was a bad break. Chollar
declininx to 91 65. Potosl to 90c. and so on. The
market closed very weak.
On the Bond Exchange the sugar stocks were
linn and fractionary higher.
I'.OAKI) SALES.
Folio win? were th« saias 10 tti* Baa rranoliae
Stocit Board yesterday:
Rl i.l'l AB MOIINIXQ fIIWSrOS rovHKfcrsu 9:30.
600 Alpha. ~. .20 130 CCJfeV... 2. 60,600 0cc1dt1..1. 50
1000 Alt*. 07,450 2.85450 1.46
100 Andes... Ml» 100 Crwn Pt. 662U0 1.40
100 Belcher... 6B: loo 67 100 0vrmn....15
1200 69 650 <i«t C... 1.60 200 P0t05i..1.25 1
100 B A i>..1.45 100 1.50 .'OO 1.20 '
400 1.40 650 HAN... 2.2 j: 1750 Savscel.3o
400 Bodle.. 70 50 2.'-'< .'OO .Scorpion. .o6
600 Bullion.. _>>■ 200 Kentnck-.07 300 Segß ... 17 :
300 27 iOO .-.06 100 Nev...1.00 I
300 Bulwer ..3f> 400 Mcx H! .'OO 1.05 1
150 dialing.. .!»0 t), 550 Union 93 |
350 Cfaoilar.2.4S 100 :....8i '.DO Utah....~17
600 ...... 2.40*.<000ph1r....1.7( 560 V Jckt....63
100 C0nn....1.3tj(500 1.71 150- «a j
*rTKßxngx skssiok— •£: 30.
300 Ande5... .87)300 Ch011ar.. 2.25 45!» 0ph1r.... 1.80 '
100 38 180 ...- 2.35200 0vrmn....14
300 B 4 8..1.406.*i0 '.2.30 550 P0t051...1.15 I
100 Bodle 711250CC<5V™2.80500 1.20 I
400 ....- 70 300 Excnqr...o7 800 c<aTa««..l.hs J
100 69200 O «t C. 200 Se(t Bel.. 17 |
100 67100 ...!.«:• SOON Nev.. UK)
400 Bullion.. .25 900 H«>. . .2.30 100 Uni0n ....93
100 'its 400 2.35 100 94 i
200 27 200 Julia. 30 100 Utah 17
2110 8u1wer....37 600 Mcx 86 100 V Jackt..s7
250Cha11ng...46 450 Occdll... 1.45 100 58
following wero me saies ta tae Paoiaa Siook
tosrtl yesterday : . . ..» •. . J .-' r ■'•"
Bisrui HW««ro!c— lo:.m
800 Alpha 300 CCA V.. 2.85-200 Mxicn....B3 !
200 Ande5.... 37 100 2.90-200 Mono 11 j
Belcher. . .68 500 Con 1m...0'.';500 0cc1d.. . . 1.46
200 -69,500 Exchqr.:.oß 300 1.47' 3
450 BAB .. 1.35400 O A C. .1.50100 1.42 L,
100 .1' » 800 ...1.55 700 0ph1r.... 1.75 j
1300 1.4(i«00 1.60:100 1.70 \
100 1.42% 300 1.67%H00 1.77%
200 Bodle 60 500 1.6 a 600 Ovrmn 15 !
50.. 70 UK) I S, .MM POU»!..].2U
I 50 73200 HAN ...2.15 1000 1.17%
250 Bullion.. 27 1000 2.20 250 1.22%
100 : 26100 2.17% 1 1200 rjavafel.3o
600 Caieda....;o 100 2.22%'1E50 1.26 I
150 Cha11ge...46 600 2.26150 1.27y a '
60 -47200 Julia... 18450 58AM....18
550 Cb011ar. 2.40 500 Justice. .-11800 9 Her. .1.05 !
450 _..2.85i»00 Kentuck.,o6 500 1.00
450 ..: 2.4 VI 600 Mexcan .81 200 Sil Hi 11. ...04
300 2.4.. 600 82200 Union C..93 j
200 2*-, 100 — ...HO2UO 94 j
200 C0nti.. . .1.»a400 84 300 YJacKet..62 :
aftkrn-oos BBJISIOK— 2:ST.
400 Aloha 21il00 (.'hollar. 1.75 100 Mexican. .77
100 Andes... .39 100 1.86 .00 76 ,
300 30150 1.95500 Mono 11 I
750 Blcnr 68 100 CCV..2.92% 100 Occdll.
600 61 400 1 .\90'200 1.5»
300 70100 2.801100 1.40 I
200 ...6bjloo 2.751200 0ph1r1.77% I
100 - «.7!300C0n1m...03 400 1.80 |
150 621500 —.02 100 1.60
100 601200 C Point... 7o SO'JPotoai.. 1.25
400 61200 300 1.17%
200 BA 1.45 ! 100 67 200 1.12% j
100 1.50 100 65100 I.OU 1
100 1.47% 100 66 1600 90
100 I.aS.'BOO G AC .1.65 100 1.06 I
100 -1.27% 450 1.70 600 Savage.. l.Ss ;
300 1. 100 J.67% ; 100 1.40 i
100 1.10:100 ..1.60 200 1.30 '
300 1.05 100 ......... 1.55 100 1.00 ;
100 80d1e. ....72(200 1.50 500 Scorpion.. o7 '
100 8u11i0n... 2*300 .1.45300 S 8AM.... 17 !
200 25,100 1.35100 8 Nev....88
200 Bulwer-..59|100 1.30 300 ..:..95 ;
lOU Ms 100 ....... 1.27 %'400 8 Hi 11... ..03 I
600Cated 10500 HAN ...-.'.30 400 Uni0n. ...96
500 Cb11nce...45|400 2.35150 95 I
100Cn0ur2.47%;300 2.32%'300 Utah .....17 J
100 ;2.45500 Julia lh 100 V Jacket. !
650 2.50 250 Justice... o9 300 62
..Ml 2.30:500 Kentuck..o« 100 58
100 -2.251203 Minn... 85 300 60
200 2.00200 ....- 86
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. May 22 • 4 P. v.
em.jii'r.-. : St'l.At'cait.
Alpha C0n..... 20 22 Jarkson 40 —
Alia 07 08 Julia „ 19 21
ADdea - 35 37 Justice „.. 08 11
Belcher 60 6-' Kentucc ..._ 06 08
Btst Bele&ec. 1.20 1.25' Lady Wash.... 05 OH
Bodie _ 65 70 Mexican 74 77
BentonCoa.... — 30 Mono ........_ — '13
Bullion _ 21 22 Nevada vtaeen. — 05
Bulwer .._ — 37 Occidental 1.40 1.45
: Caledonia.. .... 10 lS'Opuir 1.60 1.65
Cfaoliar 2.00 2.0 Overman ....^ IS 14
Con. Cai. A vi! 2.65 2.70 I'o'.osl.. 1.00 1.05
Challenge con. 34 37^avr re 1.20 1.25 ;
Coo. imperial. 02 1)3 teg. B«lcner... 15 17
Confidence.. ._ — 1.30 'Scorpion 07 —
Con.New Yort 14 —Syndicate 04 05
Crown Point... 65 68 Silver Hi 11..- 04 OS
baautierra — 06 Herra Neraaa. 98 1.00
I x chequer. 06 L'nion ton M 90 81
boald A Curry. 1.45 1.60 tab .......... 14 18
Uaie*Aorara.2.2s 2.3o|VeUow jaaxt*. 62 64!
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
100 AmalU 2 00 300 Lock wood Con.. 34
300 2 05. Providence
100 xiuAitM 80 00 ;
j Champion I's 00 100 r-avannah 40
700 Kdna 6Oiloo 41
lOOUranu 15200 42
100 _ 14H00 43
Kennedy |'200 44
Bid V 00J40O Sebastopol 52
Keystone. 1400 63
Bid 66 00 Thorpe
7SO Lock wood Con.. SSAsked 70
!.'-■<• Al. SKCIRITIKV
Bid 2 Humboldt Baak 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlai Iron Works 96
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water 7 00
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANOB.
';s=;.: f \ . . FRIDAY. May 22 2 p.m.
r?CITKI> KT*T<i3 Bn.Vui
Bitt. A*ked.\ ■■: Bid. AtlaS.
V S4seonp..lo9 — U 8«a r«z...lO»Ti -
[ Do, new 1a... 117. — |
nmu^xwm mat**
j Cal-stCbleSs. -- 113 I Do. at In At. — " *— '•''■"
Cai Eire L 6s. — 1 23 UA PAO Ry 105 30
CntraCWss. 96% 98 FACnRrBi. - 107
; Dpnt-stex-cp 77 »5 Pwl-st.RR6t. — 119%
' KdsnLAP 6«. — 122% ">». WLAL — 105
F<fcCHRR6s.lO4% - IP.iverWCod* — 100 ;
Gearr-stKSs. 1023,4 106 IsacioP «t L - 10-J'j
Lo»AinL'3i. — 103 iFANPRRSsIOI%IO2V4
Do,Gnted.6*. - 103 bPßßAriztb — • - 98
Mkt-atCbleSsl'JS - ISIKKCIH6V. 108%Ul
DoßyCon6s.. U>sl/ 8 106 M'UKCal&s» - —
' NevCNsß7s. 95 105 Si'BrKCalSs. 99 100*4
S PCRltds. - 108 BVWateros.. 119^119%
KKr Cai 6a. 102^105 fcVWaterii.. 983 A 991,4
NKy Ui Si. — 100 StklnUAEtfi — 101
Oak as OS. 100 104 % fnnstTATUs. 100 —
Do. ad las 104 106 *utter»tKs*.lU7% —
Omnibus 65.. 1 19 a — VUaUaWOdi — VJ
PacitollMds. - - I
WATKR STOCK*.
Contra Cost* 38% 40 lßanJosa 75 100
Marine*... 60 - Spring Valley 98% V 9
1 ak stocks.
Capital. — 36 1 Pacific Light. «M& 471 3
Central .. 09 — ' Ban * rancsco 913. 92
OakGLAH. — 53 Stockton,.... — ail*
t'KUMlmik 86 Vs »*J'/t
•\-'r:' isbl'Ba > 1 STOCK*.
f lremausFd. i 65 — (Sun 41 —
COMMERCIAL HANK STOCICI.
AmerBATCL — — iLondonPAA.l2B 129
Anglo-Cal... 61% — ! London — 27%
BankofCaL. - 242% Merca Ex-.. 12 -"
CalBD*TCa. 581* 56 Nevada „. — —. -
tlrstNailonl.l7B 182%| Battier 800. — —
Grangers. ... — — I
/-»'•• ■avinhs rank STOCKY
B»rS*LCo..l4l6 1500 Pay* Loaa.. — 100
HnmbSAL.UOO 14&0 Security. - 260
Mutual . . — 40 Union Trust. 74o ■;—:
b*'bavUnion — 486 •
men KAILBOAD
California.... - 110 Oak.SL<fcHar - 100
Geary-st...- — 64 Presidio...-. 6 7%
Market-si..- 44% 46 Sutter-5U..... - —
luWukX STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16y, — Judson .. - —
Eastern D... - 87 Giant. .. 22% 22%
California.... 76 100 1V1«0nL...... 70c 80c
MIX FI.I AN?nr<i stocx*.
Alaska Pkrs. 96s^U>0 OceanleSSCo 21% 26
BlkDCoalCo. - 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
tail 'otMills.. — — Pac Borax... 99 100
CalDrvDoc*. — — PacIANCa — 80
Edison Light 117 117% PacßoU MIU — —
GasConAsso. — — FarfPaintO* 8% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — iPacTranaCo. — *4
HawCtNCVx. 20 14 20%' PacT ATCo 55 70
HutchßFCa. 26% 26*/* bunaetTAT.. 41 —
JodsonMfgU — — (United CO*. — M
JutrKxAisnlWJ 110 I
SACKS— MOBNIN» • ■BBIO*.
Board—
60 Giant Powder Con 22 75
25 Hawaiian Commercial 20 50
60 do do, b 2 20 50
25 do do 20 37%
60 Hutchlnaon 8 P Co. 26 00
60 do do. s3O 26 00
20 S V Gaslight 91 75
SIOOO 8 V 4% Bonds 99 00
$10008 V 0% Bonds 119 37%
Street—
15 Pacific Gas Imp 86 25
910,000 S V BX Bonds 119 26
SALKS— ATTEBXOOS SBS9IOV
Board—
150 Kdison Light A Power Co 117 00
225 Giant Powder Con 23 00
SO do do 22 87%
80 do do 22 75
*-5 Hawaiian Commercial 20 26
25 Hutcbinson - P Co. 26 60
35 do do. ba 26 50
180 SF Gaslight...'. 92 00
50 do do.bs 92 00
65 SV Water 98 «7%
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Oliver ß. Martin to Laurence H. Pierson, lot on
8 line of Vallejo street, 90 E of Gough, E 26 by 6
92:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Richard E.
Queen, lot on X line of Sacramento street, 137:8
W of Laguna. W 68:9 by X 127:8 Vi: 3 .
Alfred Olson to Catherine Campbell, lot on N
1 line of Waller street, 192:6 fc of Man van, E "27:6
by N 85: $10.
Jacob and I,:na Herman to Kittle Farrell, lot on
X line of Elizabeth street. 175 \V of Hoffman ave
nue (Ellen). W 25 by N 114; $10.
Eugene Ghiradelll to Domingo Ohiradellt, lot on
line of Jackson street, 02:6 Wot' Sansome, W
29:2 by 8 137:6: also lot on S line of Jackson street,
; 91:8 W of sansonie, W 45:10 by S 137:6: also lot
; on \\* line of Sansomu street. 67:6 8 of Jackson, 8
I 45. W 60, B 26, W 12:6, H 70. E 62:6: also lot on
.\W corner of Lark In and .North Point streets, W
to Polk, N to Beach, E to Larkln, B to beginning;
i $10.
Same and ward J. Breton to same, lot on 8
• line of Jackson street, 62:6 \V of Sansome, W 29:2
,' by S 137:6; also lot on s line of Jackson street,
; 91:8 W or sansome. W 45:10 by S 137:6; also un
i divided two- fifths of lot on W line of -lansome
! street, 67:6 8 of Jackson, h 46. w 50, B 25. W 12:6,
i X 70, X 62:6: also undivided two-fifths of lot on I
X W corner of Larkln and North Point streets, W
to Polk, X to Beach, E to Larkln. S to beginning;
Also all interest in estate of Domingo, or IH>menico,
Uhimlelli. No. 14,621: $10.
Kllen Llewellyn to Eric J. Larsson, lot on \V line
: of Vermont street, 100 8 of Nevada, s 25 by W
100; $iv.
Jacob and Una Beyman to Solomon Oetz, lot on
X Hue of -eighth avenue, 100 N of X street,
N 250 by E ISO: *10.
Patrick W. and Johanna T. Gaynor to Sydney J.
and Katherine C. Felton, Outside Lands, block
! 9-4, bounded by X and O streets. Thirty-third and
Thirty- fourth avenues: grant.
Laurence J. Uirvln to Hannah E. Glrvln, lot on
N line of s street, 32:6 W of Seventeenth avenue,
W 100 by N 100: *10.
George and Josephs Soberer to Mary A. Wynn,
loin 53 and 54. Gift Map 2; $10. .
■Same to same, lots 55 and 56, same; $10.
Charles McCarthy to Domenlco and lorenzo
Gotelii, lots 1 and 2, block 28, Lake View; $10.
Maria F. Owens to William and Marie F. O'Nell,
lot 10, block It, Park Lane Tract, map 5; $10.
Morris Lubecc to Leon Carran, lots 26 and 27,
blocK 52, City Land Association: $100.
Auellae ForUhani (by William M. Pierson. at
torney) to Phoebe A. Wilson, lot on Nt corner of
Edinburgh and Brazil avenues, X 60 by E 200,
block 47. Excelsior Homestead: $40.
Emma 11. McNulty, Georßlana D. Milieu, Ada
M Hampton. Joseph £ Louis C. and David H.
Wilson to same, same; gift.
Miguel, Vincent and Catalina Noe and Catalina
Still valo to Stanford Addition Land Company and
Charles McCarthy, undivided half of blocks 39, 46,
51. 52, 59. 61. 65, 68,74,76,81,82.90.95,96,
103, 107, 109, 110. 121, 130. 131. 132, 133 and A.
the > hall of block 32. lots 1 to 30, block 134, lots 7 I
to 22, bock 78, lots 22 to 34, block 91, Sunnystde
Addition No. 1; also all lots standing in name of
Charles McCarthy in Lake view; $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
J. J. and M. Lamping to Beulab Park Camp
meeting Association (a corporation) lot on X line
of Ninth street. 100 E of Franklin. E 25 by N
100, being lot 27, block 120, Oakland: $2800.
John A. an i LonUa Munson to Jacob Muller and
Henry Young, lot on S line of Alcatraz avenue,
100 W of Klhk street (Paradise) W 60 by 8 140.
being lot 10, block B, Paradise Park, subject to
mortgage for $400, Berkeley: $10.
A. G. and Minnie J. AiDsworth et al (by Sheriff)
to Oakland Paving Company, lot on W line of Ade
line street, 5210:6 X of Twenty-sixth, X 52 by \V
133, being lot 15, block O, map of Northern Exten
sion of Oakland, Oakland: $595.
A- M. and Mary C. Benham, W. R. and Ellen L.
Thomas to John E. Morris, lot on X line of Filbert
street, 111:8 SW Eighteenth, S 37:6 by E 125, I
oelng lot 30 and N half of lot 29, block 694, j
Market-street Tract. Oakland: $10.
Alameda Savings Bank to William P. Gibbons, !
lot on E line of Park avenue, 119:914 S of Central, j
S 6 by E 193:4 Vi, being the N 6 feet ot subdivis
ion 34, map of Alameda Park, Alameda; $90.
Builders' Contracts.
Bine Ludvlgsen with James Campbell and
Thomas A. Pettus, Ml work except plumbing and j
painting for a three-story building on the 8E cor- j
ncr of Buchanan and oak streets; R. H. White :
architect: *4440.
St. Paul's Church of the City and County of San
Francisco with the McPhee Company, stone work, I
etc.. for a frame church on « line of California |
street. 68:9 E of Steiner; j Samuel Newaom, archi- ;
tect; $1800.
Same with Richard Slnnott, carpenter work on
same: same arcni $8722.
Claus Spreckels (by attorney) with John Mc-
Carthy, brick work tor building on the SW corner
of Market and Third streera; Reid Bros, architects
sl9,l36. .
Same with James G. Wilson, placing In position
steel, copper-plated rolling blinds for first and
second story windows of residence on the SW cor
ner of Van Ness avenue and Clay street: Reid
Bros, architects; $7250.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
ISO. Mo. Tu. ITh.1 Th. Frjaa. . MoonTT^T
1 a * ■ —
. 7*^ Last Quarter.
3*5678 T'l^ May 4
21 1L 11 ii ii ii ii ©j^M^y'ia.
17 18 jl9 20 !21 22 |23 Quarter
— - ' ~ 1 ; 1 1 1 1^ May 19.
24 25 j26;27 '28 29 i3O ! : ;
• ] ;6A Foil Moon.
1 31 : ' I I I ■ jvS? May 26.
OCEAN STEAMERS
•Da:
ure
From San Francisco.
STEAICM. ! DESTINATION. |
HAILS.
j PIER.
Stale of CM Portland MayJ3.lo*w Pier 24.
Jt Paul N.woort May 23. 9am Pier 11
inttralia.... Honolulu May23.lOAK Oceanic
raraiioo... . j 1 aqnlna Bay.. Ma>24. Sam Pier 3
Walla Walla Vie* Pet Sno May 24. 9am Pier 9
.None . UrarsHvoor. May 2s. spm .
-■ oron » San Diego..... iMay26.IIAM Pier 11
P0m0na..... tiumoo.dtßar MayJS. '2rn Pier 9
VVeeott Eel Hirer.".... May 27. Ham Pier IS
*nnol Grays Harbor. 'May 27 .12 m Pier 2
Knreka..,. , N«wi>ort . May 27. Ham Pier 11
*-'»«• coo» «»r { May27.IUAM Pier IS
Columbia.. Portland May2B,IOAM Pier 24
Llty Sydney Panama.. May 28.12 M P MSB
Mouowai . Sydney iMay2B. 2pm Oceanic
Relpic China* Japan May2B. trx P M 3
taniaKosa,. iSan uie;o !llay'J9. llAk Pier 11
CmaillJa.... | Vie & Pg& Hno i May 9am Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Del None Grays Haroor... ........ ..May?3
Corona San Dleso.. May 23
Weeotu Eel River May 24
P0m0na......... Hum bold; Bar. May 24
Columbia i Portland May 25
L maul la Victoria Fusel aouna ..May -J5
KureKa Newport May 25
Columbia Portland. May 25
nunol (.< rays Haroor May
ruv of Kvereci Nanalxno May
I'ruckee Ttllamook Mar •• ,
Araao Coo% Bay May 26
Washtenaw Tacoma....^ May
Prosrresslst Departure Bay Mai-
Urlzaba ; Mexico May -'8
Mexico Seattle May 26
I'leone : Crescent City May 26
F-aniß H05a...... ; han i»«ko. May
Mackinaw lmom» ! May 28
Ban Bias Panama 1.. May
Empire i Portland | ..May 28
StPaul Newport. i May 29
Acapulco. i Panama '..May 29
Llty or PueDla.. I Victoria A Purs; bound j ..May 30
(Slate of Cai j Portland , May XO
rarallon I Yaaulnauay. ; ..May 31
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
U. P. Coast and Okodetio Sdbvky Tioct
BrLT.KTIN Published by Official >-
AtTTHOBITY OK THIS SIJPKBINTKNDKXT. )
Saturday May 23.
Hun rises 4.5-2, .Moon rises
Sunsets 7.22;M00n sets 2.14 am
May-189G.
* Time Feet Thne Feet Time Tl^e ~
X L . W H W L W . H~VV
23 2.45! 0.2 9.24 4.4 2.30 1.6; 8 .46 — fiT
24 [ S. 39 -0.6 10.30 4.3 3.17 2.0 9 •»? si
26 ! 4.30 —1.1 11.33 4.41 4.01 2. 3 lo'oi 60
26 8.18 -1.6 12.31 4.4 4.48 2.91050 8 ,
27: 6.07 -I.M 1.30 4.5 5.35 3.1111.33 5 ,
i!8l 6.54 -1.7 2.26 4 4 6.38 3.2 9
H W Feet L. W Feet H W Feet L"\v iw
29| 0.17 5.7 1 7.41 -I. B} 3.21 4.5| 7.24 3:4
note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
♦arly morning tides ase given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence ai to time. The ■econd time
column gives the second tide of the day. the thlrt
time column the third tide, and the last or rich'
hand column gives the last tide of the day excent
when there are but three tides, as sometime,
occurs. Tbe heights given are additions to thi
aounciings on the United States Coast Htirv*r
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
•height, and then the number given U subtractlve
from the depth elvpn by -he charts
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Bbancu Htdroobaphic Offic*. U. S. N. •»
Merchants' Exchanbr. v
San Francisco. May 22. 183*. i
The time ball on Telegrapn' Hill was not
dropped to-day on account 01 halliards carrying
away.
A. P. FICHTELIa,
Lleutenan'. U. S. NMN M in cliarga.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
• Arrived.
FRIDAY, May 23.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 15 hoars from Albion
-205 M ft lumber, 1000 r r ties, to J R Hanify.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs, 42 hours from Redondo;
ballnst, to Pollard A Dodge.
Stmr Alcazar, Guuderaon. 16 hours from
Greenwood; 8148 r r ties, to L E White Lumber
Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 52 hours from Taqnlna
Bay via Coos Bay ; pass ana mdie, to Meyer A
Akmann.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen, 83 hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, 9% days from
Departure Bay; 3383 tons coal, to R Dunsmulr
A Sons.
Schr Etta B. Hadsen. 12 hours from Fort Boas;
44 bX3 butter. 20 hogs, to Ross A Hewlett,
Cleared.
FRIDAY, May 23.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, Portland; N P 3
S Co.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria; Good
all. Perkins A Co.
Stmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro: Goodall. Per
kins A Co.
stmr Homer, Bonifield, Unalaaka: North Ameri
can Commercial Co.
Br ship Cralgend, Lewthwalte, Queenstown; G
W McNear.
Br ship Falls of Halladale, Fordyce, Sydney; J J
Moore A Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, May 22.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Crux.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comox.
Stmr Homer, Bonnlfleld, Unalaaka.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Dunham, Portland.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Baric Rufus E Wood, Seattle,
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter, Patterson, Wlllapa Har
bor.
Schr Western Home, Nllsson, Coos isay.
Schr Melancthon. Bellsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bobolink. Nelson, Mendocino.
fcchr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Reliance, Skipper. Fisks Mill.
Schr Corinthian. Zaddart. Mendocino.
Schr Bender Brothers. Thompson, Collins Land
ing.
Scbr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson.
Charters.
The bark Rufns E Wood loads coal at Seattle for
this port; schr Esther Buhne, lumber at Humboldt
Bay fir San Jose de Guatemala: Br ship Earl of
Dun more, lumber on tbe Sound for Sydney, 31s
3d; Melbourne or Adelaide, 38s 9d; Port Pirie, 37s
M.
Telegraphic.
rOINT LORDS. May 22-10 p. M.-Weathtr
Cloud/: wind W; Telocity 14mil*s.
Spoken.
May 13— Lat 47 N, long 19 W, Ger ship Vasco de
Uama, from Oregon, for Queenstown. . .
May 7— Lai 13 N, long '26 W. Br ship Champion,
from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
April 4-1 Jit 20 .B, long 28 W. Br ship O •borne,
hence Jan 23, for Hull. 4 -
Domestic Forts,
ASTORlA— Arrived May 22— Br stmr Altmore,
from Hongkong.
Sailed May 22— Bktn Portland, tor Redondo.
BUENEME— SaiIed May 21— Stmr Caspar, for
San Francisco.
NEHALEM-Balled May 31— Schr Confianza,
for San Francisco.
FORT BKAGG— Arrived May 22— Stmrs Koyo
and Rival, hence May 21.
TATOOSH— Passed May 22— Stmr Signal, from
Port Townsend, for Portland.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 21— Schr
Halcyon, hence May 6: schr Mary and Ida, hence
Maya
WALDPORT— Arrived May 19— Schr Llla and
Mattie, hence May 7: schr Amethyst, hence May
10.
MENDOCINO— Arrived May Stmr Point
Arena, hence May 21.
POINT ARENA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Green
wood, hence May 21.
Bailed May 22— Stmr Greenwood, ■ tor Oreen
wood.
GREENWOOD-ArriTed May 22— Stmr Green
wood, for Point Arena.
TA COM A— Arrived May 22— Nor bark Margre
the, from Honolulu.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived May 22-Stmr National
City, from Eureka.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 22— Bark Richard 111.
REDONDO— SaiIed May 22-Schr Sailor Boy.
SAN PEDRO— May 31— Stmr Jewel. May
— -.m- Lakme, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Pomoua,
hence May 21; stmr Arcata, hence May 21; achr
Laura Pike, hence May 17; schr J G Wall, hence
May 12.
Sailed May 23— Schr Maid of Orleans, for Baa
Francisco.
Foreign Ports,
DUNOENEBs— Passed May 20— Ger bark Henry
Clement, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
HONGKONG— SaiIed May 20-Br ship Formosa,
for San Francisco. '
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed May 31— Br ship Frank!*
tan. for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Arrived May 20— Btmr Mariposa,
hence pr 30.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Apr 16— Cnll thipHin
doostan.
MoTementa of Tram- Atlnntlo Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 22-Stmr Britannic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown : stmr Fuersi Bis
marck, from Hamburg, Southampton and Cner>
bourg.
Sailed May 22— Stmr Norwegian, for Glasgow.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out May 22-3tmr
Werkendam.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Ma? 32— Stmr
Braunschweig.
QIKENSTOWN— Arrived oat May 32-Stmr
Etruria.
HAMBURG— Arrived out May 22— Stmr Nor
mannla.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed May 22-Stmr Colum
bia, for New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed May 82— Stmr Ems, for New
York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed May 22— Stmr Bohemia, frm
Hamburg, for New York.
Importations'.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— B tubs
6% kegs 93 bxs butter, 20 dressed calves, — M ft
lumber.
YAQVINA BAY— Per Farallon— 63l sks bran.
72 sks middlings. 50 hf-sks 272* qr-eks flour, 1604
sks wheat. 850 oats 693 sks potatoes, 14,197
ft lumber, 128 tons sandstone, 'i bxs old plates. 55
I cs esgs, 1 cs butter, 4 obis butter. 20 sks bark, 1 ca
I mdse, 1 cs shoes, 8 coops chickens, 1 roll covers.
| 62 sks oysters, 12 pkgs hides, 1 sk wool. 14 ska
grape root.
Coos Bay— l6l sks potatoes, 4 bales woolens, 32
tuba butler.
Port Orford-3 pkgs hides, 4 bxs butter, 1 ca
mdse.
Eureka— pkgs household goods, 2M ft lumber,
16 tons Iron rope, 1 trunk personal effects. 160
pkgs iron. 1 cs dry goods, 63 crates vegetables. 1
cs mdse, 1 cs pianos.
Consignees.
Per Crescent City— Hobbs, Wall A Co; J Hoffman •
Dodge. Sweeney A Co; o B Smith A Co; Chicago
Brewery; C E Whitney A Co: John Brouahaiu-
WlrL«nd Brewing Co; Hllmer. Bredhofl & schuiz.
Per Farallon— Ferguson A Co- H Dutard-
C Leist A Co: JP Thomas; E R Stevens A Co;
W B Lanelere Commercial Co: San Francisco
FurnltureCo; Chas Jacobsen A Co; AJBlmmel
A Co; (i K. Brey; Benicia Agricultural Works; J D
McGHray; H Levi AC*: Amer Press Assn: Geo
Herrman A Co; B G Runl A Co: A Hromada: J
Flan; Cahn. Nicklesburs A Co: Morgan Oyster Co;
j Hulse, Bradford A Co; StauSer A Co; Wolf A Son;
I Meyerfleld, Mitchell A Co; Dodge. Sweeney* Co:
BSumnerACo: Standard Oil Co; Kills Bros;
Ross A Hewlett: Thomas Loughran; J J Alves:
Bandon Woolen-mills; HUmer. Bredhoff ASchuiz;
Murray AS'einhagen; Cal Bottling Co: J P Llad
berg: D X Allison A Co: Kruse & Jiuler; W M Ed
wards; Allen A Lewis: Eveleth A Nash: A Crocker
A Bro : WC Price A Co : Chas Hurley A Co : L P
Petersen; Wetmore Bros; L P Petersen; J Lang,
nane.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See. Fifteenth i'<w*CALMLY WALKED
OUT OF PRISON
J. H. Kilbourn Saws
Through the Bolts of
His Cell.
WAS AIDED BY OTHERS.
A Sudden Attack of Thirst
Seized Everybody in the
Alley.
PART OF A NEAT CONBPIRACY.
While an Officer Went for Water
the Missing Man Went for
the Street.
Oakland Omci Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 22. f
J. H. Kilbourn is free. He walkedout
of the City Prison either last night or
Borne tima to-day— just when nobody
knows — and has not been recaptured.
Borne months ago prisoners in the jail
dislodged a piece of the wall at the back
of the kitchen stove and as they were
scaling the prison xvall Captain Fletcher
and an officer stopped their progress and
they were escorted back to jail. One of
them was Kilbourn.
The method employed to escape the last
time was very clever and suggests that he
J. U. Kilburn, Who Walked Out of Jail,
Aided by His Friend's Sadden Thirst.
enlisted the sympathies of some other
prisoners. Kilbourn's cell is in an alley,
the door of which leads into the entrance
of the jail, outside the iron gate. The
cell doors, of course, open into the alley
way and at the end is another door,
tbrongb which the officer enters who feeds
the prisoner. The situation had evidently
been carefully considered by Kilbourn.
He noticed that the outer door was some
times open and if heconld manage to have
his cell door open at the same time only a
rush would be necessary to secure free
dom.
Last night Kilbourn asked Officer Curtiss
for a drink of water. The cup of water was
placed on the little shelf at the cell open
ing, and as soon as it was put down two
other prisoners named Perata and O'Neili,
who were in another cell, also asked for
water. While Curtiss went back for the
cupfulls Kilbourn walked out. When
Curtiss retired he locked the door of the
alley, but Kilbourn was on t!:e outside and
in the street.
An examination of the escape's cell to
day showed that he had cut through the
bolts on his cell door. Although about an
inch thickness of iron, they are sawed
through, but no one can guess how Kil
bourn procured the saw, as he has been
carefully watched since his last attempt to
escape. After getting his cud of water he
evidently walked out while the other pris
oners were being attended to while the
alley door was open.
Kilbourn is a petty larcenist, and had
only a few more week 9to serve. He was
not missed till this evening, and it was
then seen that he had never touched the
cup of water given him last night.
No one is surprised at the frequent jail
breaks at the City Prison. The building
is decayed and altogether unfit for the
purposes of a jail. It is a succession of
alleys in the cellar of the City Hall, and
they are so arranged that it would require
at least six watchmen to insure against
breaks. At present there are only two
men on duty in the jail at night, and the
main office is so distant from the cells ttiat
If the prisoners were to shoot they could
hardly be heard.
ONE CHANCE FOR LIFE
Heartless Conduct of a Wealthy
Man Who Wishes His
Son Dead.
Little Fritz Edwards Must Go to the
Mountains If He Is to Re*
cover Health.
Oakland Officx Sak Francibco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 22. |
Little Fritz Edwards is struggling
against consumption at a sanitarium on
Telegraph avenue, and his father wishes
bis boy were dead. Not once, but several
times has tbe lad's only living parent re
peated this desire In the presence of the
patient.
Fritz has led a hard life, and had it not
been for the officers of the law he would
probably have been in his grave before
now. Several months ago his case was re
ported to the local agent of the Children's
Society and the boy was found at Berkeley.
He was sick unto death and was being
cared for by friends. He was taken to
Fabiola Hospital. Then the society under
took to bring tbe unnatural father to
terms.
Edwards is a man of means. He owns
come nice property in West Oakland and
is steadily employed in San Francisco.
When Mrs. Prescott visited him and told
him he must look after his boy he was in
clined to be (juite indifferent, but when he
was acquainted with the fact that the lady
was clothed with sufficient authority to
arrest him and put him in prison he re
lented and consented to help his boy.
It was only from fear of punishment
that he at last consented to pay anything.
Since the boy has been at the sanitarium
his father has gone out a few times and
has indicated his desire that his suffering
eh ild were dead.
But the lad, who is barely 12 years old
and motherless, has wonderful recupera
tive powers, and the doctor thinks that if
he can be sent to the mountains his little
lungs may be partially rebuilt and his life
spared. He is a very bright, cheerhi
little fellow, and his liquid eyes and pallid
cheek- create sympathy in the hearts of
all but his only parent. '
The Children's Society is going to make
a great effort in a few days to induce the
father to part with enough coin to admit
of sending his boy away so that he may
live.
Republican! Organize.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 22.— The Young
Men's Republican League of Alameda
County was formally organized to-night.
The following officers were elected: J. W.
Stetson, president; Phil M. Walsh, first
vice-president; Marston Campbell, second
vice-president; J. F. Cronin. treasurer;
W. D. Power?, secretary; James Brannnn
and L. Williams, sergeants-at-arms. The
executive committee will be named at the
next meeting, composed of eighteen mem
bers, two from each ward and one from
each township. The league will take an
active part in the approaching campaign.
Two Inquests.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 22.— An inquest
was held to-night into the death or Fred
Coakley, the lad who was killed at West
Oakland Wednesday night. The jury
returned a verdict that the deceased came
by his death by being run over, but made
no censure or recommendation.
An inquest was also held regarding
Mary Murray, the old women found dead
in bed. An autopsy showed that death
was caused by cerebral hemorrhage, and a
verdict was returned accordingly.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happening* Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oaxlakd Omen San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, May 22. j
John fl. Barber has brought suit for a divorce
from Margaretta Barber by his attorney, F. L.
Button.
In Jndge Frick's department no business
was done to-day aa his honor is away oa His
wedding tour.
The suit of Martha E. Mullikea for a divorce
from James C. Mulliken has b«en transferred
from Contra Costa County for trial.
ThpSpaldlng Road Club run for Friday night
has been postponed until Moudav, when the
Fireflies will join in a run to Lake Temescal.
The Women's Auxiliary of the First Unita
rian Church will give a rose tea to-morrow
afternoon at the home of Mrs F. J. Forest, 1841
Webster street.
Charles Osborne, a carpenter employed on a
new house on Webster street, near Twentieth,
was precipitated a distance of twenty-six feet
this afteruoou by the fall of a scaffold.
The estato of Jame.i Sinclair has been ap
praised at $11,005. Seventy acres of land near
Warm Springs are appraised at $7500 and 168
acres at $2700. The balance is personal prop
erty.
On Saturday evening court Fruitvale of For
esters, No. 124, will hold their second anniver
sary at their hall in Lower Fruitvale. They ex
pect to give a flue entertainment, followed by
a eocial dance.
The Countess Wachmeister, an eminent and
traveled theosophist, is visiting Oakland at
present. An opportunity will be given to meet
this earnest worker for the cause of humanity
at a reception and parlor talk Monday.
At Mills College next Sunday the baccalau
reate sermon will be preached oy the Uev. Dr.
Coyle at 3 o'clock. The usual exercises of
commencement will take place during the
week, the annual concert being on Tuesday
evening and the commencezbent day on
Wednesday.
COMMENDED "THE CALL"
Women's Convention in Session
in Alameda Expressed Its
Gratitude.
Miss Shaw Says That Bloomers Are
Prettier Than Men's "Stove
pips" Hats.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 22.— The Woman
Suffrage Convention met again this after
noon in Armory Hall under the direction
of Miss Mary G. Hay. The attendance
was larger than on the previous day, and
much enthusiasm prevailed. Miss Hay,
with her business faculties and happy
manner, turned out more dollars to the
campaign fund than any city in the State
outside of San Francisco.
The campaign is to be carried into every
county seat in the State, and will end in
June. Then in the fall they will get into the
men's political meetings and talk on the
suffrage plank introduced by the male
voters' platforms.
Mrs. Green Majors of Alameda delivered
an address on "Does the Wife and Woman
Want the Ballot?"
Dr. Kellog Lane of Oakland followed,
I confining her remarks mainly with regard
to the Biblical standpoint of women dis
obeying Paul's dictum to keep silence, and
showing how all through the Old and New
testaments mention is made of prophet
esses even by Paul himself.
The following resolution was carried by
a rising vote amid much enthusiasm :
Whereas, Though Indebted greatly to the
country and the reform press of California for
their able championship, yet we recognize The
San Frascisco Call as our first great metro
politan help; so be it
Resolved, That we express our gratitude for
iU able editorial and ixmerlui championship
of amendment No. 11.
Miss Anna Shaw emerged from the
scenes and was accorded a great ovation.
Many questions were handed in, and in a
witty manner she quickly turned the
tables on her questioners and kept her
audience laughing.
; Another question was: "What benefits
of a direct utilitarian nature are liKely to
accrue to those women in the lower ranks
of life, such as washerwomen, charwomen,
if they are made voters?"
"Some of them might sit on a jury and
get a rest, and they would make something
more than by washing," replied Miss Shaw.
Miss Sbaw replied to another question:
•Women .are no more answerable for di
vorces tnan they are for the canal in
.Mars. . Men have made all the laws of
divorce; men have granted all divorces.
Women simply take, if they can get it, to
get out of bad marriages, though some of
us have saved ourselves from getting into
that trouble. In the decade 1880 to 1890
there were more marriages and less di
vorces in Wyoming than in any other
State in the Union."
"Is it not fair to suppose that woman in
this conflict between the inherited desire
of her nature to possess a good man and
the struggle for the necessaries of life will
rind the latter the stronger, even more so
than at present?" was asked.
"Can't tell," said Miss Shaw. "Women
T?,?hnU e nf .m. m » kin br 'fks without straw.
The ballot is but an implement, an instru
ment to mold and construct government
arid is the Btraw women are wanting in
their bricks. "
Miss Shaw declared herself in favor of
bloomers if women wanted them, because
they were more useful and far more hand
some than a stovepipe hat. She also said
that the young men in San Francisco
formed a Young Men's Suffrage Associa
tion last night to forward the movement
Armory Hall never contained so many
people as were there this evening to listen
to Rev. Anna Shaw. She spoke for an
hour and a half on the question of woman
suffrage generally, and answered the many
objections made to giving women the
right to vote. In her opinion the question
of the hour was not the single tax nor the
money question, but the enfranchisement
of one-half of the adult population in the
Union; •
Matthew Schneider's Funeral.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 22.— The funeral
of Matthew Schneider will be held Sun
day, from his residence, 20:5 Clinton ave
nue, at 2p. M. He was a native of Frank
fort-on-Main, and a member :of the
A. O. U. W. No. 175, West End, and the
Sons of Hermann,. San Francisco. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1596.
MAJOR WATERS
IS IN TROUBLE
Aftermath of His Success
in the Great Cake
Walk.
HE IGNORED THE LADY.
Went to a Photographer and
Posed All by Himself
With the Cake.
A FRIEND IN MAYOR DAVIE.
His Invitations to Partake of His
Prize Are Rejected— How He
Trained for the Event.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 22. (
Major Waters is a part of Oakland. He
is a recognized part of the municipal
Major Waters and the Cake He Captured by His Artistic Efforts at the Cakewalk
[Photogravhed by Dames & Dorsaz.]
i government. It is true that he is not
Mayor, but still he frowns on a Council-
I man.
The major has been for years chief of
i the cldmney-sweeping department of the
municipal buildinps. There is no office
| such as his named in the city charter, but
he is recognized at the Treasurer's office,
and that is more important. Owing to his
high standing in society — the major is but
one inch Bhort of seven feet— it was with
great difficulty that he could be persuaded
to compete in the recent cake walk at the
Macdonough. He did enter and with the
great aid of his able lady companion he
was awarded the cake. Nothing more
would probably have been heard of the
affair but for the major's desire for
notoriety.
So proud was he of that cake that he
hurried to the photographer next morn
ing and was photographed while holding
the four-story cake. Now the major i»
sad. He realizes that he made a great
mistake. He invited a large number of
his friends to join him at a banquet at
which the cake was to bo the crowning
feature. Now the guests refuse to come.
The ladies have tabooed the event and
have declared a boycott on tbe major's
i banquet. They assert that the cause of the
, major's euccess at the cake-walK was the
support accorded him by Miss Louise Ed
wards, and they are indignant at the
major because he did not take the lady
with him to the photographer. They de
clare he is not the champion cake-walker
of Oakland, and say thai but for the lady
he would have been snowed under in the
competition.
"Well, I don't care," said the major to
! day. "I earned that cake, and I'm proud
Of the photograph. Of course the lady
filled out the combination and is entitled
to some of the credit, but it was my ex
quisite style ana grace that caused the au
dience to give me tbe cake.
•'Did you notice my curves? I studied
geuuflection for a whole week and there is
not another colored gentleman in town
| that can make that swing around the stage
|as 1 did. It is a pure art and that carried
the day. I am making a study of cake
walking and intend to issue some chal
lenges. Let me tell you something. If
anybody is making trouble for me now its
because they're jealous, see?
"The ladies will come to my banquet,
and don't you forget it. I tell you what—
the major is irresistible. Accept this in
vitation and come around and see," and
the major bowed as angularly as he did to
the cakewalk judges.
Mayor Davie told the major vo-day that
he would back him in any enterprise that
depended on art for success.
"The major is the most graceful walker
I ever saw," said Mayor Davie. "His car
riage is poetry itself, and to see him run
reminds me of Paderewski's playing."
Itatlonal Revival.
OAKLAND, C*l., May 22.— The Ra
tional Revival that is being conducted by
Rev. Edwards Davis continues with quite
an interest. Tbe number of additions
that are being made to the congregation
has caused the meeting to be announced
ito continue indefinitely. Tbe services
I which are being held week-nights nt Ash-
I bury Church, and at Hamilton Hall, Sun
j days, are being extensively advertised.
The preacher spoke last night on "The
Denominations of the Divine Church."
Has Four Parents.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 22.— Willie Cas
sius McComb is suffering from a very un
common trouble. His father and mother
were divorced and later both married, thus |
giving him two fathers and two mothers. I
j Yet witli this supply he has grown to be
rather wild for a lad only 10 years old.
The father, to whom the boy was award
ed, was going to allow him to be Bent to '
Whittier, but his own mother interfered
and will care for him. She will also ask
to have the divorce decree so modified as
to award her the care of the child.
Tax Soft* Started.
OAKLAND, Cal,, May 22.— Suit was
filed in Justice Cliffs court this morning
by District Attorney Snook, on behalf of
Alameda County, against the Pacific Postal
Telegraph Company to secure $191 25,
claimed to be due as a personal property
tax that remains unpaid. This is a test
case, and if won wili result in the payment
of a number of similar claims.
The East Oakland Street Railroad Com
pany has brought suit against City Treas
urer Z. T. Gilpin to recover $225, and
against Alameda County to recover $295
paid under protest under the assessment
of its franchise.
New Balloon Feature.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 22.— A1l persons
wisning to avoid the crowd going to Blair
Park to see Professor Robert Earlston
make his balloon ascension, and Zendello,
tiie famous contortionist, in a new routine
of introducing his creat pedestal act, and
listen to the concert given by the Fifth
Infantry band on Sunday, May 24, should
try to arrive at the park early in the day
by the Piedmont cars.
May Foreclose.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 92.— The Cali
fornia and Nevada narrow-gauge road may
get into court this summer on a foreclo
sure suit. C. H. Smith, son of the late J.
W. Smith, holds the bonds, and P. M.
Smith, the borax magnate, until recently
held the stock. The latter have been re
turned to the old company, but no interest
has ever been paid on the bonds. C. H.
Smith may take in the road on these.
Would Be an Officer.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 22.-Aaron F.
Young, an enterprising young colored
porter, has filed an application with the
Police Commissioners to be appointed on
the lorce. He is 33 years of age, and
weighs 190 pounds. He has livea in the
city eight years.
HONORS AT HAYWARDS
Six Diplomas Awarded to Grad
uates From the High
School.
Only School in the State With a
Three-Year Course Folly
Accredited.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 22.— The grad
uating exercises of Union High Sc'iool
No. 3, located here, occurred this after
noon. The interior of the building had
been most beautifully decorated by the
students, under the supervision of Mrs,
F. D. Jackson, and presented a very pretty
effect. The platform had potted p«ilms
and evergreens arranged in a grove fash
ion, with the National colors as a back
ground. From the chandeliers and erery
available place hung ferns and ever
greens, while red white and yellow roses
gave sufficient color to the scene to make
it very pleasing.
The school was seated in the front seats,
while the rest of tbe assen>bly-room was
filled with parents, relatives and friends of
the graduating class. The residents of this
t.lace are very proud of the fact that theirs
is the only high school in the State with a
three years' course of ptudy and not
having a ninth grade of work that is fully
accredited by the University of California
this year.
The board of trustees of the school are:
J. K. Brooks, president, Hay wards; E. O.
Webb, secretary, San Lorenzo; I. B. Par
sons, Castro Valley; J. C. Jensen, Palo
inares; J. V. Jensen, Independent: J.
Habenng, Eden Vale; E. D. Brown, Red
wood.
The corps of instructors consist of John
Gamble, 8.A., Ph.D., principal; Mrs. H.
J. Sbnte, A.8., rice-principal ; James U.
Smith, C. E.; ftfrs. F. D. Jackson, drawing;
Professor W. T. Ross, elocution; Professor
J. W. AVilkins. music.
Tbe graduating class this year consists of
Miss Lillie Bertram, Miss Gertrude
Jeanette de Camp, Miss Katie Theresa
Petersen, John Eldridge, John Smith and
John Soares.
The exercises opened with a glee
"Merrily Over the Waves" (Soffern), after
which President Crooks made a few intro
ductory remarks in which he set all at
ease.
Miss Bertram's essay, "A Short Study on
a Great Subject," was followed 6y Sterry
Lamson reciting "The One-horse Shay.
John Eldridge gave "Thoughts on Some
Inventions" and the school sung "Fra
grant, Sir." Miss Petersen spoke or "Some
of Our Pleasant Neighbors," after which
Miss Hathaway recited "A Remarkable
Case,"
After the "Gypsy Chorus" by the
school the "Class History" was read by
Miss de Camp and the "Class Prophecy"
by John Smith. Both created much
amusement for the school. Miss Zuver
recited "Violin Pnantasy." The school
sunn the "Song of the Stream," after
which John Soares gave an interesting
account of "The X-rays" and gave the
valedictory. President Crooks presented
the diplomas and called upon a number
present to make a few remarss. The exer
cises closed with the chorus "Farewell."
The O'Neill Estate.
HAYWARDS Cal. May 22. -James
O'Neill, the father of ex- Assembly man
Hugh O'Neill of this city, is the latest
claimant for tbe rich estate of the late
Lord Hugh O'Neill of Ireland. It has
been estimated that the estate foots up to
$180,000,000, so that if the Alameda County
claimants can establish their kinship they
will get quite a sum as their share.
Mrs. J. A. ODermuller. wife of the Post
master, and Mrs. J. L. McCarthy of Oak
land, are the daughters of James O'Neill
and are deeply interested in the result. '
WILL STUDY THE
LIVING BRAIN.
Psychological Laboratory to
Be Established at
Berkeley.
STRATTON IN CHARGE.
Will Be the Only Department of
the Kind in the
West.
MANY STUDENTS QUALIFIED.
Philosophy Given an Impetus by the
Lectures cf Dr. Royce and
Dr. Watson.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 22.— The Uni
versity of California will have a psycho
logical laboratory when it opens again in
August. This will be a feature which is
possessed by only a few of the leading in
stitutions of learning in the world. No
other university in the West has such a
department.
The new laboratory will be in charge of
Instructor G. M. Stratton, who is now
studying philosophy in Leipsic, Germany,
and who has been there for the last two
years on a leave of absence. Mr. Stratton
will take the doctor's degree before return
ing to Berkeley, and it is anticipated that
he will be able to do good work in higher
psychological courses.
The new laboratory will be similar in
plan to the famous psychological labora
tory of Harvard.
Instructor Stratton has In his hands at
the present time an appropriation of $1000,
made by the Board of Regents, to be used
in the purchase of apparatus for the lab
oratory.
Tbe apparatus neceisary is of a delicate
and highly complicated nature, as may be
concluded from the kind of experimental
work to be done, such as registering the
speed of thought, impressions and experi
ments to determine tbe relation of the dif
ferent senses one to another.
The department of philosophy at the
university, of which Professor Howison is
at the head, is recognized as beine the
best-equipped department of the Kind west
of Chicago. At Stanford there is a depart
ment of psychology, but no laboratory in
connection with it.
In the new laboratory there will be two
courses, one in elementary psychology
with laboratory experiments. lor this
class about ninety students nave been pre
pared, and it is anticipated that a large
number of them will take up the new work
in the fall.
The other course will be one in advanced
experimental psychology. About thirty
fire students are qualified to take this
course.
The lectures last year of Dr. Josiah
Royce of Harvard and of Dr. John Watson
of Queen's College this year have done
much toward adding impetus to the in
terest in the study of philosophy at the
State University, and it is expected that
the establishment of the new laboratory
will still further augment the attention of
the philosophically inclined.
Merchant*' Association.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 22.— A meeting
of merchants was held last night in Pyth
ian Hall for the purpose of organizing a
local protective association of business
men. >V. T. Gillihan was chosen chair
man for the evening,
The committees on membership, ap
pointed at a meeting held last week, were
not ready to report and were given further
time.
By-laws were adopted providing that
the organization shall be known as the
Merchants' Protective Association of
Berkeley, and tuat its officers shall be a
president, vice-president, secretary and
treasurer and a secret advisory board, to
be appointed by the president.
The new organization will be a secret
one, having for its principal object the
Sroteclion of members from unreliable
ebtors. Members will "be required to re
port to the secretary any case that may
arise of a debtor being delinquent over six
weeks. The secretary, upon being advised
of such a case, will notify all members for
their benefit.
Organization of the association will be
completed next Wednesday evening.
Recorder's Office to Be Moved.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 22.— The office
of the recorder of the university will be re
moved during the present vacation from
North Hall to the new Mechanics' build
ing. The- present office will be then trans
formed into a recitation-room.
Mrs. Arnold in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 22.— Mrs. N.
M. Arnold, editor of The Workman, the
official organ of the Society of Friends, is
visiting Mrs. Rebecca Naylor in Dwight
way. Mrs. Arnold is a regularly author
ized preacher in the society.
Their New Pastor.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 22.— Rev. E.
Lvman Hood, who has recently been
takine a post-graduate course at the State
University, has been chosen pastor of the
ParK Congregational Church.
Burned by a Lamp.
LORIN, Cal., May 22.— Chester Perkins,
a resident of Lorin, was severely burned
early this morning by the overturning of
a coal-oil lamp. He was in bid at the
time of the accident. The flames of the
overturned lamp ignited the bed-clothing
about him. and it was not until the heat
of the flames awakened him that he was
aware of the blaze. So severe were the
wounds of Perkins that the services of a
physician were necessary.
OAKLAND'S EXPOSITION
Will Open the llrst Monday In
August.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 22.— The direc
tors of the Oakland Exposition have fixed
the opening of this year's exposition for
Monday, August 3, and as far as possible,
but on a more extended scale, the general
plan of last year will be pursued.
Messrs. Keller and Roeth were ap
pointed to arrange to secure a lease of the
buildings and grounds so that the entire
block may be utilized.
Messrs. Sharp, Bell and Trowbridge
were appointed to prepare a plan of man
agement, designate the committees neces
sary to carry such plan into effect, and to
report the same at the next meeting.
Death's Call.
LIVERMORE, Cal., May 22.— The com
munity has been saddened by the death of
one of the oldest residents of this valley,
Mrs. J. H. Taylor, wife of Judge Taylor.
The deceased was 70 years of age and has
resided here since 1867. and was loved and
esteemed by all who knew her.
Besides the father there are three sons to
mourn the loss of a devoted mother, Ed
ward, Joseph and George.
liig Damage Suit.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 22.— Messrs. Reed
& Neubaumer have been retained to iusti
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
IN THE BANCROFT BUILDING,
721 market Street.
Between Third and Fourth.
THIS DAY.
Saturday ...May 23, 1896,
- At 2 o'clock and 7:30 p. x.
• WH -WILL BILL
A MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF
ROYAL DAXISn TERRACOTTA.
Splendid pieces of Clolssoner, rare pieces of An-
| tique Satsumo, Ivory Goods. Carved Mandalwood,
Brlc-a-Brao of all kinds. Gents' Furnishing Goods,
Ladles' Garments and Notions, 3 .New Upright
Pianos, 3 Baby Grand Pianos, etc, without reserve.
INDIANA AUCTION 1 COMPANY.
tute a suit for heavy damages against the
Southern Pacific Company, on account of
the killing of John Coakley Monday even
ing at the foot of Chestnut street. Two
young sisters will be the ones who will be
benefited by the money secured.
« • m
DEMOCRATIC CLUBS.
Members Being Enrolled Preparatory
to the Coming Primaries.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 22.— The rolls of
the Democratic clubs of this city are now
open for the enrollment of voters, and will
remain open until 8 o'clock each day until
ana including June 1, for the purpose of
holding club elections in the various
wards for delegates to the Democratic
State Convention.
THE PARROTT BOYCOTT.
A Strong Effort Will Be Made
to Unionize Local
Theaters.
It Is Expected That Within a Short
Time a Paper-Hangers' Union
Will B2 Formed.
The San Francisco Labor Council, with
T. F. Burns in the chair, met last night.
The most important matter considered
was a resolution offered by one of the dele
gates, condemning in a general way the
arbitrary attitude of Mr. Vining in the
matter of streetcar transfers.
The resolution was reported favorably
by the executive committee and, on mo
tion, was unanimously adopted. It reads
as follows :
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors of
the City and County o/ San Francisco—Gentle
men: The subscribers, residents of San Fran
cisco, pray your honorable body to pass, as
promptly as may be possible, an ordinance re
quiring that persons, firms and corporations
operating streetcars within this City and
County, and issuing transfers to passengers,
shall deliver a transfer to a passenger on the
ear from which the passenger is transferred
and shall receive a transfer upon the car to
which the passenger is transferred; also an or
dinanceprohibiting issue, delivery or reception
of transfers from oue streetcar to anotner in
the public jtreets, except on a streetcar.
A communication from Bakers' Union
No. 24 relative to their withdrawal from
the union was, on motion of Delegate Mc-
Arthur, laid on the table for three months.
On motion of McArthur the council went
into executive session to consider the
question of unionizing the local theaters.
The result of the meeting was an ei
rressed determination to bring the thea
ters to their way of thinking by argument,
if possible. Should this fail, more
aggressive means will be adopted.
THE PARROTT BOYCOTT.
The Troubles Were Not Settled at
the Conference Meeting:
Yesterday.
The boycott placed by the Building
Trades Council upon the Parrott building
and the Emporium department store has
not yet been settled.
With a view of straightening out what
they believed to be a misunderstanding the
board of managers invited representatives
of the council to meet them and discuss
the grievance. This meeting took place
yesterday in the Emporium, the council
being represented by C. F. Schadt, R. T.
Mclvor, William O'Brien, Dick Behrens
and F. Schultz, and the board by all those
who have departments in the store.
A. Feist, the manager; W. D. Harper,
the assistant, and Construction Superin
tendent Stanford were also present.
The chairman of the board referred to
the boycott, and said that those inter
ested in the department store are only
tenants and have no influence in the con
struction of the building or fixtures. Their
respective leases were made a year ago
and each is under' a heavy bond for the
fulfillment of his contract by occupying
the store. He asked in what way the
labor union people hold the Emporium
enterprise responsible for differences that
really exist between the unions and the
owners of the building.
Mclvor stated that while individually
the members of the board might not be re-
SDonsiblc for the injustice done the unions
they were responsible by supporting those
who were guilty of the injustice complained
of.
The chairman declined to discuss the
justice or injustice of the claims in that
matter, claiming that tlie Emporium was
not a party to the affair. He further stated
that the Emporium people had interceded
in behalf of the union workingmen's de
mands but to no purpose and they are just
as powerless to-day. He further said that
only a few days ago they had called upon
Mr. Deguegneof the Parrott estate and re
quested him to change the objectionable
contractor but that he had absolutely re
fused to do so.
Many other points were discussed by all
parties, but no decision was arrived at.
Last evening the Building Trades Coun
cil held a special meeting to hear the
report ot the special committee. Mclvor
and O'Brien stated that the committee had
met with no success because the board of
managers of the Emporium refused to deal
with the subject of the grievance the
Building Traues Council complains of.
The board held to one point, that they as
tenants had nothing to do witn the con
struction or finishing of the building, and
beyond that poiut the matter could not
be and was not discussed.
The council took another view of the
situation and held that even as tenants
they had some voice in the transactions
relative to the construction of the stores.
It was decided that the boycott already
placed upon the whole outfit shall stand.
SHOPPING BY POST.
English Plan to Secure Household Sap
plies at First Hand.
An interesting scheme is on foot in Eng
land to bring the producer into contact
with the consumer in the matter of pro
visioning the household. The object of
this movement is to do away with many
of the trickeries of trade and enable the
consumer to procure without much trouble j
fresh home-grown produce at a less price |
than is now paid for very inferior articles.
Instead of sending the servant around to
the grocers or the provision merchants,
the housewife writes an order on a postal
and drops it in the nearest postbox. The
next day the goods are delivered at the
door. Ti is entirely dispenses with the
middleman.
The movement is encouraged by railway
companies, which give every facility for
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art.
419 KEARNY ST.
THIS DAY.
Saturday May S3, 1896,
AT 2 P. M.
More than 100 cases of new goods ex S. S. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods, including Rugs of
every size, Antique Bronzes, Kagu Satsoma, Awata,
Cloisonne, Bishue, Kochl, etc., etc.
Two elegant presents given to the ladles dally
attending the sale at 2p. m. Chairs for the ladles.
F. T. KEELAR. Auctioneer.
its extension. Fcr instance, any one who
wishes to buy farm produce in this way
has only to send to the railway company's
office fora pamphlet, which gives a list of
farmers, market - gardeners ami others,
who are prepared to forward farm and gar
den produce direct to consumers. Not
only is the name and address fciven, but
the nearest railway station, the descrip
tion of produce that can be supplied, and
whether in small or large quantities. A
very low freight rate is piven, beginning at
eight cents for twenty pounds, and boxes
are provided by the railway companies at
a cheap cost.
A box 10fi inches in length, 7J4 in
breadth and 3 inches deep costs 3 cents.
This will hold a chicken, a dozen eggs and
a pound of butter. The largest size, price
10 cents, will hold 60 pounds weight of
goods and can be sent by a farmer in the
eastern counties and delivered to a cus
tomer in London at an inclusive charge of
25 cents. The advantage and saving to the
purchaser are obvious and the enterprise
of the railway companies is shown by the
fact that under tho old rates the cost of
carriage would have been 62 cents. The
advantage, of course, to the railroads is
that having only to deal with boxes of
uniform sizes they can pack their cars bet
ter and more expeditiously. — Pittsburg
Dispatch.
Short of Lega.
Little schoolboy — I say, Tom, did you
see that poor little boy coming out of
school with only one leg?
Brother — Yes, and I wondered how he
came to lose it. He met with an accident
I suppose.
Little brother— Oh, no; h« told me he
was born with only one, and I thought
how funny, but I suppose when the doctor
made him he had a lot more babies ordered
and was short of legs, so could only give
him one, poor boy.— Spare Moments.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Geor?e Cook A w, Oakld C O Pidge, Montana
P G Gallagher, Pa P Fahey, San Jose
J Geraubty, Los Ang A JJcXabb, Buffalo
W J Millinen, Buffalo C E Comer <fe w, Pomona
J Kdmiston. Fort Wayne B M Phillips, Stockton
F J Kerwin, san Jose T West, Nevada
W T Sanderson, Virginia J M Tully, Bonora
J II Malioney.San Mateo i. II Daniel & tarn, Cal
A D Kenny <fe w, >*cv X> Barnard, liakersfleld
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D Brnchlln. Coultervllle JValladls.Ualfmoon Bay
F ljocke, W N S Otto WMson, Rio Vista
BLe Fisher, Alameda C'|Boycr &w, Los Ang
O Ilara, Los Angeles L C Mri'.ae, Los Ang
M Kulska, Los Ang H B Gtorge, MnrysvilU
JKMontealln.Marysvllle XT Rogers. Antelope Vy
N (.' Seewell, Cal M J Millan, Petaluma
F Margin, Santa Rosa J S Barns, Chicago
N C Janstou. Mllpltag II M Mylar, Petaluma
J B Cornwell, Chicago J C Jenkins, Martinez
Peter McCormlc, Sacto J Ellsworth, sacto
E B Tobin. ( alls Oiisi J N Lewis, Callstoga
W J coosey. CalUtoga F R Thurman, Healdsbg
L Shelbon, >* J
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J W Rea, San Jose J C Oliver, San Jom
G A Bongt-r, San Jose U s Salch, San Jose
B M Birdsall, Sonoma II GoUeoberg, Sonoma
H Lentholtz, Sonoma X D Gano, Oakland
T Molles, Crockett 8 F Levy, Crockett
Q I) Peters, Orovllle W Tnckeray, Chicago
E Ezekiel. (.'Memo A Wls<?, Clilcago
L laett, at w Zealand F 1> Cobb, Stockton
S Van Syckel, >" V B 8 Cobb, SttCkton
M X Masterson, La W Douglass. St John
J M Smith, San Jose M Fnedlauder, Chicago
Miss Lewis, Chicago C II bcott, > hicago
F A Miller, tacto U Morton, N V
H Schilder;, »t Paul' F H Uinde, .Manilla
PALACfi HOTEL.
C T Fuller, X V A Canney, Melbourne
Mrs Hoi born, London Mrs A A Williams, Eng
W X Dargie. Oakland E A Perkins, N V
J L Cherry <fc wf. Detroit T X H ooper, colo
J Tiernan «fc wf. La P lieyner, Plttsburg
J T Reyner, Plttsburg X W Losan, Stanford
M J Totld. Buffalo s Carr, Boston
J B Peukes, Stockton H O Nlchola, Boston
Mrs (1 C Pecknatu, Mo Mrs Hildreth, Bt Louis
G yon Thieman A wf, Mo J W Carhart, Stanford
II H Pitcher, Livermore B Minzenheimer, S V
N W Blanoh,ard, B Paula L A Uiddings <fc wf, Colo
W A Burpee * wf, Phila X H Arnold, Stanford
J N Rurk <fe wf. San Jose F O Hume & wf, L Gatoa
It Bow den, ban Jose Mrs Nicholson, >■' V
Mrs F J Babbitt, Oaklnd H J Cox, Stanford
T J Field, Monterey
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs T D Davis, Tacoma J P Malevllle, Grs Valley
E J Baker <fe s, Ohio G J Casanova, Lytton
H Moner. Los Ang W Weudt, Los Gatos
Miss McMorey, Sacto R Adams, Fresno
MUs F. Adams, Fresno Miss Ida Adams, Fresno
Mrs E B .Smith, Fresno F Lucas. May field
A J urn, N V T B Hnrdlng & fm, Minn
Mrs »; Kuniner, Seattle W V Coffin, Wbittler
L Ronen, Visalla Mrs C W Clark, Sn Diego
Miss X E Clark-. S Diego J Buckingham. Uklali
W B Johnson, Riverside F W Knott. Sioux City
V B Kno-.t, Sioux City Mrs J H Tlbbeta, Holister
MrTlbbets, HollisUT G Karl, San Jose
G II Kice A w, Cal J) Milne Jt w, Phila
C H Leggeit. Merced J C Cornell, Merced
\V S McGuire, Stanford W A Graham. Stanford
C L McGee, Stanford C (5 Decker, Stanford
P F Atibott, Stanford W C McNeil, Stanford
L J Hirisdell, Stanford C J Dillon, Stanford
J T IfoOraw, Stanford C C Cuplat, Stanford
O H Cochran, Stanford Mrs S A Scott, Napu
F Hlcklnan, Sarto J W Oatman & w, Reno
Mrs E J Swanson, Sacto J C Tlce, Sacto
X B Wilson. Tacoma Mrs C llolden. Chicago
J M (ileaner, Redding Mrs Gleaner, Redding
Mrs A J Monroe, EuraKa M Isaacs, lone
X 15 Wight A w, S;nnlord (.'apt \V Patterson, Prtlnd
C Langster, Lompoc W D Hotins. Log Ang
L Chamberlain, columbs H H 'J aft, Denver
J Vivian <£ w, Leadville ReT J W Dolan, Boston
Miss A O Dolan, Boston Mr« W l. amber: & eh, Cal
Mrs M Tyler & d. Cal G M Bush, Stanford
E C Swan, Manford H G Gladen, Stanford
C II King, Stanford A G Kaufman, Stanford
C B Pinkham, Stanford H H Welch, Stanford
U B Wiisori, Stanford W H Wtlls. Stanford
wit
A smart Broadway, New
7 A York, druggist: has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new .era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare? "
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
KEAK.W ST. Established
) In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
I disease wearing on bod mind and
Skin Diseases The doctorcures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
(urngiiontiiKrd. Callorwrit*.
or. 4, *>. weBBOIf, B«x 1937. Sao FrancUo*
1314
SAYS HE HAS A PULL.
Attorney Long Protests Against the
Issuance of" a Warrant for the
Arrest of a Stockbroker.
H. H. Somers waited upon Assistant
Prosecuting Attorney Seaman of Judge
Conlan's court yesterday morninc and
asked for a warrant for the arrest of
L. H. F. McKee, a stockbroker, on the
charge of felony embezzlement.
Somers stated that McKee had failed last
week and had at the time $1300 worth of
mining stocks belonging to him. James
H. Long, attorney for McKee, had offered
him IS cents on the dollar and later 25
cents, both of which he had refused and
at the same time intimated that unless he
was paid in full he would have McKee ar
rested.
While Seaman was writing out the com
plaint Attorney Long appeared and or
dered Seaman not to do so. Seaman re
plied that he had heard Somers' story and
would issue a warrant. Long then de
clared that he had sufficient pull with the
police courts not to have it issued and did
not care whether Seaman wrote it out or
not. There was a hot interchange of com
pliments between Long and Seaman and
the presence of Policeman Wolf prevented
an exchange of blows.
Seaman had not finished writing out the
complaint when the Judge adjourned
court for the day, so Somera will nave to
wait till to-day.
Stable Kates For a Month.
E. H. Hinton, the local general agent of the
Panama Railroad Company, is preparing a cir
cular giving notice to shippers that the exist
ing westbound rates will continue nnchanged
until the '20th of June. This is significant of
the fact that railroad rates will also remain
unchanged until that date. It is also under
stood that eastbound rates, both rail an-i by
way of Panama, will not undergo any changes
within the next month.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Calt—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
rornerClay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opes
cntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
(HiRCH NOTICES.
W^s= GRACE METHODIST EPISCOPAL
iS^^ Church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp sts.—
Rpt. M. F. Coiburn, pastor. Preaching by the
pastor morning ami evening. Boys' Brigade Bible
10 a. _ led by W. D. Kingsbuo-. Preach-
irjL- »t 11 a. m. by the pastor; subj ct, "Save Your
Lire anil Lose It, Lose Your Life and Save It."
Sunday-school at 2:30 p. _.. C. W. Mark, superin-
tendent. Everybody welcome; bring the children.
Class-meeting :it 6:30 p. M.,leil by P.rother James
Ren'vick: |. raise service at 7:30 P. _.. led by
Brother Robert Husoand. Preaching by the pasror
at 7:46 p. m. : subject, "What Is That to Thee, or
Mind Your Own Business." Everybody welcome;
seats free.
aFS=~SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHOD IST
B-—^ Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets— Key. John .Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 Haieht street. Preaching et 11 a. m.
and 7:30 P. M. The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices, suhi.-ct at 11 a. _ '-Victory Throngh
Faith: a; 7:30 p. _.. "True Patriotism— Sugges-
tions of Memorial Day." Sunday-school at 1- :H0
p. _ C. B. Perkins superintendent ; Epworth
Leaer.e at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially invited
to all the services Of this church. Seats :r- <-.
Ushers in attendance. Prayeivmeeting Wednesday
eve.-iiug at 7:45 o'clock.
|fc3s*~'H' >WAB D-ST. MT~li. CHURCH. BK-
lt— ? tween Second and Third streets, two
blocks from Pala. x- Hotel— Hey. W. W. Case. D.1).,
pastor; Marti— Schultz, musical director; W. F.
Uii^pu, Sunday-sctool superintendent. Hours of
public services 11 a _..a nd7:4."> P M. Suutißy-
schoo! at 12:S0. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even-
ing. Epworth League 6:45 Sunday evening.
Morning subject, "Launch out Into the Deep."
Evening, address by Mi. N. H. Jacks of Oakland.
■^35= CENTRA L METHODIST EPISCOPAL
— r~& Church, MisMon St.. bet. Sixth and >-v-
enth-Kev. Dr. K. K. Dale, pastor; R. V. Watt.
Sunday-school superintendent: J. J. Morris, mu-
sical director; H. M. Bosworth, organist. Rev.
("hurles H. Elliott, the celebrated evangelist of
New York, will preach at 11 a. m., his last sermon
in lias city. In the evening the pastor will preach.
Subject. -A Visit to the Volcano MaunaLoa; a
Mountain Meditation." Youug people's meeting
6:30 p. m.; reports from San Jose convention.
Ladles' bazaar and entertainments, Thursday and
Friday, May
mrx» FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
a^JSr cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st. — Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Edwin H.
.lenks. co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach
morning and evening, at 11 a. _. and 7:45 P. _.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. _. Young People's
boclety of Christian Kndeavorat 6:30 p. _. Prayer-
meeting Wednesday evening at 7 :45. All are wel-
come to these services.
»E=sp— RE\\ HERMANN WARSZAWIAK,
Br— »* the superintendent of the American mission
to the Jews from New York, will preach Sunday
at 11 a. _.. ic Rev. Dr. Boynton's Firs' Baptist
Church, Eddy st., near Jones. Subj c:: "Our
Duty to Israel." Evening at 7:30. in Rev. Dr.
Mackenzie's First Presbyterian church. Van Ness
aye. subject (by request): "The Story of My Life "
All Invited.
■ESP "FRENCH REFORMED CHURCH, 1110
vi<& Powell St.— Service, 10:45 a.*m. : sermon,
-The Power of the Spirit." Peutecost service of
communion. All welcome.
NOTICE O*" MEETINGS.
rj£s* MISSION ""LODGE NO. 169. F. m
a >& and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
(SATURDAY) i-.VKNING, at 7 o'clock." 1 *?
'1 bird degree. By order of the W. M. r^y^
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, F. m
_—^ and a. Called meeting on Sl'X-.A
DAY, M;iy _-4. 1896. at 1:30 o'clock p. M.,'W_(r
at the hall, Masonic TemDle. forihe funeral i^r^
services of our deceased Brother GEORGE H.
BOO———. By order of the W. M.
• L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
B^»- WILDEY ENCAMPMENT NO. 23,9^ _l
O— ? I. O. O. F. —Meets TO-NIGHT, ln'V*
Oriental Hall, Alcazar building. Very lra/\
portant business will be transacted: alsd banquet.
A. P. ELY, C. P.
A. J. DIIEII.IG, Scribe.
y~-g> ANCIENT ORDER HIRE R-fe^?fe
S— ' mans, Division No. 1, will hold \NwjJf
their annual excursion and picnic at Glen- Je vo/f
wood Grove, Big Trees, Santa Cruz Moun-ecVfiJ
tains, SUNDA V, May '-'4, 1896. The well- s~__T
known reputation of the above organization is
sufficient guarantee to its friends and patrons that
it will be one of the most enjoyable affairs of the
season. Tbe committee in charge has left nothing
undone to insure the pleasure of those who will
favor them with their presence. Tug-of-war, foot-
ball games, .lies and reels and other games, at which
valuable purses will be contested for Fare, round
trip, adults $1. children 50 cents. Boat leaves
foo: of Market street (narrow gauge) 9:15 o'clock
sharp. P. LYO.n S, President.
chas. Ci. ink-win, Sec. Picnic Committee.
BP_3p OFFICERS AND MEMBERS ~
sV-_* o t the Austrian Benevolent sod- _A_4^4
fly— You are hereby notified ;o assem- _Ible_s
bio at 503 hast St., cor. of Washington, on wRHKf
SUNDAY, May 17, at 9 a. M. sharp to •TsJl' 6 '
participate in our twenty-sixth annual picnic and
reunion of the Austrian Benevolent societies of
San Francisco and San Jose, to be held at Ger-
mania Gardens, Harbor View. Fines for non-at-
tendance will be strictly inforced. By order of
M. SCAN ATICH, President.
A. Connich, Secretary.
SUNSET PARK.SANTA _^TT ~
£5—7 CRUZ Mountains— Come /J_syv>
with the Sons of St. George of g5/__r'*\
San Francisco and Aiameda to l^[L_Y~^. J_^W
their ninth annual picnic, to be >g;r~^<\^^.
held at the abovedeligbtful resort •\^ta^^«_^
on the 30th of May. All kinds of ■ .^W*^* I*]1 *]
games. Fine music. Dancing. ™ f_^ij__s_,
A large number of 1 rizes. Trains >qpEs«_3£— ?
leave the ferry at 7:45 and 8:45. Tickets $I-
children 60c. ./ -,_ i '
(SPS= NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
I*—^ Ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice Is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June
1896, at the hour of 11 a.m.. at the office of the
company. Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
tne purpose of electing 11 board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. spRECKELS. President
W. S. Lkakk, Secretary.
San Francisco. Cal.. May 15, 1896.
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
|^^^[A^"'TENANT!s ETECTED^*FOR"S4;
16—^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montzy st.. 'room 6. Tel. 6580.
' SITUATIONS IVANTEJJ-FEMALE.
/COMPETENT MIDDLE - AGED WOMAN,
\J good cook, desires situation; small family;
wages $12 to $15. MISS hi* __y, 1033 Post st.
F* IRST-CLASS COOKS, $25 TO $35; SECOND
work and waiting. $15 to $25; Invalid nurses,
$20 to $25; general housework girl, $15 to $20.
Registered at MISS HICKEY's, 1033 Post st.
ERMAN girl wishes a PLACE TO do
XJ general housework. FENTON _ CO., 122
Geary St. : '
TjWEDISH GIRL. WISHES TO DO GENERAL
. b housework. FENTON A CO.. 122 Geary st.
VEVT YOUNG GIRL DESIRES SITUATION
_\ in a ranch; $15 up. MISS CULLEN. 323 sut-
ter st. ■■ , - • •■•■' . ■'-
ttTvPEKIKNCED GJSKMAN WOMAN WISHES
J_ any kind of work by the day: $1 a day. 523
Stevenson st. ___________
V ADY WISHES SITUATION. AS HOUSE-
I_ keeper; city or country. 137 seventh «u,r. IL
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
IHBT-e_ABBOoo_ WISHES A situation :
X also is a good nurse; would take care of and rear
child on bottle, or nurse In confinement; no objec-
tion to country: first-class reference; wages no
object. 865 Mission st.
ADY WOULD LIKE WORK IN LODGING-
house in exchange for board and room. Apply
821 Mission St., room 3, first floor.
T> _______ WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION
IV to do general housework: is a good cook and
will do washing; wages $10. Call or address 10
Wet more place, bet. Powell and Mason, off Wash-
ington.
pOOD HOUSEKEEPER, COOK AND LAUN-
VJ dress, many years' reference, wishes a situa-
tion. Call 364 Jessie St.
ANTED— A PLACE AS NURSE OR COM-
panlon with a family going to Englan.l and
retnrnimr here: English Protestant: wages $20;
goodlsa'lor.; Address E. B. A., box 102, Cal] Other.
EXP-RIKNCKD WISHES ENGAGE r
ments; charges reasonable. Address S. S., 32
Lewis st., bet. Post and Sutter. off Jones. I -: ■ ■
ITUATION W » \'f • D BY PROTEST AXT
0 girl, good cook and willing to do housework, in
private family; city references. 1702 Polk St.,
cor. Clay.
COMPETENT LAUNDRESS WANTS wash-
y/ Ing and ironing by the day. Call or address
446 Jessie st.
•YOUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION IN HO-
X tel as cook or waitress. Please call 304 Third
St., room 16.
DRESSMAKER— FIRST CLASS, WISHES TO
go out by the day: $2. Apply 21 Van Ness
aye., room 1.
p EKMAN WOMAN, FlKteT-CLASS COOK^
\J wants a place; city or country- good baker.
Address Cook, box 3. Call Office, oaklacd.
pOLUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR-
\J nishes best help for every position in one hour.
128 Fourth St.: telephone black 1353.
p ERMAN <<IRL, 16 YEARS, A HALF YEAR
VI in this country, wants a place for housework;
also a woman wants work at housecleaning. 1000
Webster st.
IRL (18 YEARS). WELL BROUGHT UP,
experienced in housework, wishes situation In
small family. D. F., 912 Pine st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
VI do general housework or housekeeper; wages
$10 to $12 per month; city or country. Call or
address 604 Howard St., cor. First.
OMAN DKSIRESTO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
work and sew; perfect fit; low wages for good
home. Address R. L., box 19, Call Office^
OUSEKEEPER — A YOUNG AMERICAN
widow wishes position as housekeeper in nice
family; no trillers need apply. Please call from 9
until 4 p. m. at 116 Fulton st. ■
p IRL WISHES SITUATION IN FIRST-CLASS
" J family to do any kind of work; wages not less
than $15. 106 Caroline st., between 9 and 10.
X lI IENCED NURSE WISHES POSITION
-I— as invalid nurse or baby nurse; good refer-
ences. Apply 1361 Minna st.
4 N EDUCATED GERMAN LADY WITH 6
.rY years' references desires position; same is
trustworthy, saving, and understands housekeep-
ing, cooking and sewing thoroughly: would also
like to give lessons in t lie German language. Ad-
dress W. 8., box 65, this office.
11l II AGED GERMAN WOMAN ANTS
•'1 any kind of work from 10 a. m. till 2 or 3
p. M.: is well acquainted in restaurant work; 50c a
day. Please add.-ess MRS. H. s., 436 Minna st.
Y*"OUNO LADY, SPEAKING FRENCH AND
L German and who understands sewing, would
like a position In a private family. Address _, s.,
Young Woman's Christian Association Home,
1221 O'Farrell st.
ANTED- A POSITION AS WORKING
»» housekeeper, by a German lady: city or coun-
try: only ihos ■ wishing a working housekeeper.
Call or address 205 Seventh St.
p ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE; B_ST
Vj help secured. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
OTYL ISH DRESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGE-
-0 ments by the day at $1 50. MISS R. RICH-
ARD&, 1218 Mission st.
\ l ' INCHES IER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
rru^r^N^w r ANTED'"^v : fTrst^class
O station, ry engineer. X F. CROSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
pOLUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR- I
\J nishes best help for every position in one hour.
128 Fourth st-; telephone, black, 1353.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
tl Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office ; best help. 4l4y_ O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; U-l. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
PC. G. COOK'S sue. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL j
. branches -.short notio»>. 14 6— tel.Orant 48. !
W.JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY- I
. ment oflice. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
0 office: best help. 3148 Sutter: el. Grant 30.
UNTtCR _ CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
V O L" NTT MAN, 27 YEARS OF AGE, SPEAKS
J. English, German, Ulanish, Spanish and Portu-
guese, with experience In cooking, waiting, car-
pentering and painting, wishes position in a coun-
t'v resort or on board of a steamer. Address M.
X . box 66, Call Oflice. i
AN AND WIFE V GERMAN COUPLE WITH
1 girl 3 years old) wisn .situations on a ranch; <
man good ranch hand: can milk; handy with
tools; wife good cook and dressmaker. Address i
M., box 21, Call Office. |
} ENGINEER AND MACHINIST, YOUNG !
XLi man. wants situation In country; references. !
Address Y. M.. box 132, Call office.
"DARKEEPEK (GOOD ACCORDION-PLAYER)
1 * wants situation to make himself generally use-
ful about saloon or hotel; can handle horses. J.
G.. 627 Commercial st.
\V" ANTED— POSITION IN GOOD WHOLE-
" sale or retail store of any kind In town or coun-
try: not afraid of work; raised toall klndsof hard-
ware; good references. CAMPBELL, 1336 Bush.
COACH-TAN (ENGLISH) AGED 28, SINGLE",
\J v.ould like situation in private family; town' or
country; first-class references. Address, English,
box 99. (ill Office.
S~~ALESMAN, WELL KNOWN" IN STOVE,
k~ tin won- and plumbing business, is open to en-
gagement. Address 8. M.. box 22, this office.
AMERICAN rooK AND WIFE WISH SITU-
— \- alions, hotel, restaurant or institution; both
go d cooks and bakers: wages moderate; refer-
ences. Address H. R., box 71, C.i : office.
"yOUNG MARRIED MAN] SOBEK AND
X willing to work, would like a position in some
wholesale house a« porter. Porter, box 143, Call.
S6BER"AMERroAN,""_«YEXRS OLD, WANTS
O work of any Kind: Is a good driver and willing;
good references. Address 200 Turk st., room 2.
yOUNG MAili.lED "SWEDISH MAN WITH
I pood learn wo 1 .i Ike work of any kind; will-
ing and good worker: wife good cook: city or
country. Address O. C.. 269 Second St., Oakland.
MAN and~~w~Tfe— private PLACE OR
_»L gentlemen's club: man understands care of
horses, cattle, grounds and indoor work: wife com-
petent cook and housekeeper; Eastern peop:e.
Address E. P., box 141, this office.
KING MAN WANTS WORK IN PRIVATE
I family: understands care of horses, careful
driver and general work around place: best of ref-
erences. ROBERT ANKETT. box 149. Call Office.
RCHARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
charge of orchard, vines, stock and general
farming: 15 years' California experience; Al
references. Address Ranch, 312»4 Fulton st.
XPj-.RIF.NCED WINE-MAKER AND CEL-
larman (German), for the past 10 years lore-
man in large California wineries, with first-class
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address CARLMEZOER, Call Ornce. Los Angeles.
YOUNG GERMAN, 29 YEARS OF AGE.
X speaking German. French and English, would
like position as salesman; well acquainted in
grocery and liquor business: good references. Ad-
dress Grocer, box 30. Call.
\\ ANTED— SITU ATION AS GROOM OR
"* coachman; good rider and driver; good refer-
ences. Address H. S., 277 Stevenson st.
\\r ANTED- POSITION IN PRIVATE FAM-
'» ily as hostler; Is first-class hostler and gar-
deuer; work and do general chores; good refer-
ences. Address N. JONES, box 48, this office.
POSITION BY COMPETENT ENGINEER;
■L anything at any price; references. S. A. L.,
Diamond P. P., Aiameda Co.
SITUATION WANTED BY A SWISS MAN,
0 with wife and 2 children on a milk ranch or
farm. 8. F., 431 Pine st.
GOOD CARPENTER AND GENERAL ME-
chanlc wishes steady employment; best refer-
ences. Address C. D., box 136, this office.
BOY OF 15 YEARS, SPEAKING FRENCH
f and English, living with his parents, desires a
job In any Kind of business. 12y_ West Mission.
BUTLER (GERMAN) WANTS POSITION:
best city references. Address G. D_ box 99.
Call Offlce.
ORK OF ANY KIND WANTED BY A
»» youne Scandinavian: handy with tools. Ad-
dress H. W.. box 88, Call Office.
POSITION AS COLLECTOR OR ANYTHING
X else requiring a careful, active, honest man:
held present responsible place 16 years. Address
P. R., box 36, Call Office.
CMOACHMAN; SINGLE: THOROUGHLY UN-
) derstands the eire of tine horses and carriage
and is a good careful driver; Is strictly temperate
industrious and obliging: has had long experience
in the care of gentleman's place and has best of
New York and Chicago references. Address E
SIAC'K. 321 Ellis st.
'ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED MAN WITH
wife and 2 children, 8 and 9 years of age, place
on a ranch; good home more than high wages
wanted: man good workman and wife good cook-
best references. Inquire or address A. 11., 61 Clay.
OTELOR RANCH MANAGER-MAN AND
wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public in-
stitution or other property In Southern California;
large experience, in handling help. Manager,
P. «'. box 2217. San Francisco.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
"* Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOC kT THIRD, NEAR
it Market — Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
y_ wa__-tf~»4_g— i__aas---- 1 j *-i :«■ _hts»«ta» ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
female help WANTED.
ante"d^"protestant' second girl
for small lamlly in the country. $25; cook,
German or French, for small Institution, $30;
waitress for first-class hotel in city, steady place
at $20 a mourn : youug German or Swedish girl
for cliamberwork In an institution, $15; cook for
2 In family in country, $20 (see party here); young
girl to help In private family, $12. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Suttwr St.
IjIRENCH COOK FOR SANTA BARBARA,
. $25. see party here: also German second girl
Santa Barbara, $20: 2 good lunch waitresses;
French or German nursegirl and seamstress, $20:
German girl to attend bakery and assist house-
work, $15: Protestant cook for country, $25, see
party here; woman to wash ana iron for boarding-
house, $20: girls for country and city, 15 and
$20. C. R. HAKBEN _ CO., 110 Geary sU
WANTED — WORKING HOUSEKEEPER,
" country. $20; 3 cooks, boarding-honse, restau-
rant, hotel. $25, $30, $35; French cook, $26: 2
Protestant, German or Scandinavian second girls,
$'J0; cook, institution, *S0; German or French
seamstress and nurse, $20; waitress, country ho-
tel, $20; and a large number of girls for cooking
and housework, J. F. CROBE I 1" _ CO., 312 Sutter.
NEAT SECOND GIRL7?2OT~HbUSEWORK:,
-M small American family, country, K2O; cook,
few boarders. SI S: and other places. MURRAY
<fc READY. 634 Clay St.
HOUSEWORK GIRL, BAN RAFAEL, $25;
Sausallto, f'js, and other towns: nurse, 16;
20 housework girls, city and country, $20 and $25;
16 young girls assist, 10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
:;'-'.< Suiter st.
VfEAT SWEDISH HOUSEWORK GIRL, 2 IN
-> family, $25. MISS CULI-EN, 323 Sutter St.
EAT GERMAN OR SWEDISH SECOND
-> girl, $15. MISS CULLEN. 523 S utter St.
YOUNG GIRL AS COMPANION, $8. MISS
X CULLEN. 328 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, COUNTRY, $15.
I>l MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler st.
"yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN FAMILY OF 2.
• no washing or window-cleaning, $10; also girl
to assist, 2 In family, no washing, $12. Apply
M I HICKE V, 1033 Post st.
\\T ANTED— COOKS, WAITRESSES. SEAM-
*" stress, cashiers, nurses, laundry-girls. Come at
once and get a good position. COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth st.
-yOUNG PROTESTANT GIRL FOR LIGHT
X housework, $10: sleep home. 1722 Howard
St., drugstore.
PROTESTANT WOMAN CAN SECURE GOOD
-L home: exchange light work; only three In lam-
lly. 1324 Valencia st
\\T ANTED— WOMAN, ABOUT 26, CAPABLE
" of performing general office duties. Address,
with business references, S. a., box 74, Call Office.
"yoUNGGIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOIiSE-
-L work; good home: moderate wages. Apply
forenoon 4161 Twentieth St., near Castro.
"yOUNG GIB _ FOR. LIGHT HOUSEWORK. 88
— Belvedere st., back of chute grounds.
GIRL OB WOMAN TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
work; no cooking. 721 Ellis st.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND COOKING.
German preferred. II Sixth St., upstairs.
p IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK, FAM-
\X lly of 3; reference. 2218 Jackson st.
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
'» housework; references 2241 Sutter st.
"YOUNG GIRL TO ATTEND BABY; MUST
1 J- sleep at home. Apply Van Dyke, 309 Powell.
GENTS WANTED~FOR "I- EM IN A." A WO-
man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly-
clinic Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia si. For women
and children free consultations from 2 to 4.
Oft OPERATORS OS OVERS tURTS; EX
Q\J perlenced only. Apply 18 Sutter. fourth floor.
FI ST-CLASS TAILORESS ON COATS.
BOWHAY. 604 Butter »t.
W" £.Difell UK GERMAN GIRL FOR HOC-SE-
-0 work; $18. S. G., box 49. Call Office.
ELI ABLE LADY AS DRUMMER FOR
Xt ing-house; good salary. ORMSBY, 636
Clay st.
\ PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-TV ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RKSPECTABLK;
»»A Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market-
-200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AIRDRESSING. 250 AND 35c; MORNING
and eve classes: 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
KESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
2.V- up. MCDOWELL Academy. '.'1 Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
pHORIiMA^f^NIi WIFE POB (hCNTr'y",
v-/ $35; ranch teamster and wife, $38: head
waiter, country hotel, $30: 2 farmhands, 15. R.
T. WARD _ CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
1 0 SWAMPERS FOR THE WOODS, $26 AND
"' board: 10 men to make roads In the woods,
$26 and board: also redwood tie-makers. C. R.
HAN SEX A CO.. 110 Geary st. ■ ■
OTEL MANAGER, SINGLE MAN- FlRST-
class position. Apply to C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 110 Geary st.
i) FIKBT-C_ASB HOTEL - WAITERS, $30;
— < waller for springs, 925: waiter, summer resort,
f25t0530. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary st.
HOSTLER TO TAKE CHARGE OF STAGE
horses, country, $30 and board; farmer and
wife, near city, $30. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110
Geary st.
rA.\TED-A CHEF FOR PRIVATE FAM-
»» lly, wages $80 a month, local references nec-
essary: an Irish or English head butler, $50- also
a second-man, $40: also an Irish boy as footman;
places to be rilled 16th of June. Apply or address
by letter, MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutler St.
UTTERMAKER, 3 MILKERS, 6 FARMERS,
• » 20 teamsters. 3 cooks, 3 waiters. 20 tlemakers,
cook an'l wife, porter and other places from $15 to
$90 month and found. MURRAY _ READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
\\r ANTE D-2 SWISS MILKERS, $25; AMERI-
"" can milker, $26. 3 choremen, $20; man to
herd cons and milk, $12: vegetable gardener, $20;
dishwasher, country hotel, 20. and others An-
il.v to J. F. CROSEfT _ CO., 628 Sacramento st.
V*' ANTED — TKAMSTER , FARMHANDS,
»» miners, butchers, salesmen, barbers, wallers,
cooks, canvassers: always openings; call at once.
COLUMBIA. 128 Fourth ■_ can at once.
ARNESS-MAKER WANTED; MURT HAVE
$60: amply secured with Interest and fair
wages paid. J. P. JOHNSTON <fc CO., 872 Broad-
way, Oakland.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL, »_C-
retarv Barbers' A «so.. 825 Grant are, S. FUCH3.
L» AKP.ERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAU EMPLOY-
iJ menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238y 2 O'Farrell.
A MAN WHO THOROUGHLY UNDER-
stands the picking of olives Is wanted by a
large grower of olives; an expert is required
Room 165, Crocker building, U. S. Industrial
Agency.
B~ RIGHT BOY WANTED IN REAL ESTATE
office; permanent place for good boy over 16*
salary small at beginning. Address W, box 74!
Call Office.
I RST-CLASS PRESSERON LADIES' SUITS
X and cloaks. DANNENBAUM, MUELLER &.
KAH.V, 723 Market st.
GOOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY; WAGES
3. 607 Sacramento su
BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 102 SEVENTH
streeu
T>ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 260 THIRD ST."
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
302 Fourth SU '
UARBKR WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 1211
i-> Market st.
7<AK ER WANTED FOR SATURDAY
i-* afternoon. 1444 Valencia st.
BOOTBLACK WANTED FOB SATURDAY
Xi and Sunday. 105 Fourth sU
\\r A N~T~E D — FIRST-CLASS BARBERS-
'' steady work: 60 cents on dollar. 207 Fourth.
OTRONG BOY WANTED. 641 MARKET ST.
W ANTED— PIANO-PLAYER. 20 MASON ST.
AN WANTS WOMAN TO GO IN BUSl-
ness. 12 Leroy place,
WANTED— MAN TO LOOK AFTER
» » office, handlo cash, etc.: duties easily learned;
experience not necessary; capital required, $175.
GEORGE STEWART. 602 Market sU
|.;AKBER-H_OP - ONE- CHAIR SHOP, I'X-
i' furnished; rent $6 month, Including electric
light. Western Hotel. Santa Rosa.
LCHO HOUSE, »B3Va MARKET StT^
Rooms 20c,, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $S week.
Energetic! YOUNG MAN, Fern COL-
J 1 lector, etc., wages, $50; must loan employer
$360; good security. J., box 15. this office.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps. U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 6 feet 6 Inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
I accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements; giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further Information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal. . .'
VKW Waldo house, 765 MISSION, bet.
I.i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c;week,$l to $2 50: reading-room strictest at-
tention to morning calls ;clean;qulet: open all night
(ft uz. barber-shop; A BARGAIN; must
'!?<).). behold. 1 12 ■> Market sU
• «.... .>* 1..5..1J; i ...\ 1 IN EN i'AL HOUSE, 621
'» Pacific si., below Kearny: lodging half price, sc,
lOr, 16c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
FRESH EGGS, COFFEE, ETC, 10c; 3 EGGS,
' chops, steak or ham, 10c 635 Clay st.
CALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
half-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard at., nr. Sixth.
VSTHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
TRAWBERRIES AND CREAM, 5 CENTS;
O icecream and cake, 5 cents. Seattle Reitau-
rant, 137 Fourth st. , .
\\T I N CHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms, 26 cents a night: reading
room: free bus anil baggage to and from the ferry.
EH. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _OT-
■ tie win* or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
\\r ANTED— MEN TO LKARN BARBER
• » trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WA^TED-AN IDK A : WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prire offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
CILERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 812 My, tel. m. 353.
|>OURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
XJ Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy. SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st.
BEST IN CITY— ' E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
ROOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 60
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
' ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ermtclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
' ' to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
* ' sis.; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c night.
HAT CHEEK HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
" sU; 200 rooms; best In the city single rooms
20 and 26c a njghl, SI a week : meals 10c.
MEN'S %-BOLING 50c: LADIE*' 400: DONE
while you r.aiu 638 Market, opp. Palace HoteL
1 iirv men To TAKE LODGING at lOC, 15c
—V v and 20c a night, including coSe* and rolls.
624 ashlngton St., near Kearny.
WE ARE~SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
' ' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
TV I EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
li- all grocers keep it.
MEN'S SECOND.HAND " SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 26c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
JiREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS KOI* 60;
also a bottl «of lager, sc, at 637 Clay St.
TKY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
*-«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 88 Cl'av »t.
_^ AGENTS WANTED.
GENTS WANTED FOR A NEW PATENT
article: good pay. 146 a Fifth St.. rear.
\ GENTS FoR THE "EARTH GIRDLED." BY
-■T\- De Witt Tal mage: good pay. 1031 Market, r. 1).
PARTNERS WANTED.
pTER^nLN~FTR^rEIC^^XR^^
VT lady partner of 40, with $300: object, vine and
poultry-raising. Address W. NORMA N. Martinez.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ECOND-HAND FURNITURE WANTED TO
O fill country orders; I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
CALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 601 CALIFORNIA,
\J If you want highest cash price for your furnl-
ture. carpets, pianos or merchandise of any kind.
AMALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOB
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise seeBURD, 211 Larkln.
FORK SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
U. lure, saloons and merchandise; highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 761.
ROOMS WASTED.
YOUNG MAN WANTS "'"SMALL 'FURNISHED
X room, with breakfast; private family; north
Market: state terms per week; reasonable. Ad-
dress B. J., box 79, this office.
TWO sunny" UNFURNISHED rooms,
L large and small; basement exempted. L., box
5. Call Office.
STOKES WANTED.
S' TORB^rA^i-EbFO^" BRANCH : BAKERY
► and variety; rent not to exceed $10. Address
Fruit -store. 16 if.- Hall square.
PROPERTY WANTED.
TirANTED -Ta~SMALL ORCIIARD~HOME^
'» with everything complete. Address, with full
particulars, terms, etc. G. H. F., box 23, Call.
WANTED-aiISCELLANEOUS.
loll^f^RH^E^TATD^LA^E^^ElfTsT
!! children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
WANTED— NATIONAL cash register;
' * must be a total-adder and in good condition.
Address W. N., box 66, this oOice.
\\ • ANTED - SECOND - HAND NATIONAL
"» cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 106, this office.
liLL your BOOKS. CLOTHING AND jew
O el" to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.: tend postal .
DENTISTS.
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY^ FIRST^CLASs"
F prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D.. 500 Sutter St., corner Powell.
DR.L. T. 1 RANZ— ACTION' PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant its.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
V ket, bet. 3d and 4tb, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings trm $1 ; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
<_7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
•J* I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist.. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater. -
R. LUDLI'M HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. L
I^ULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
X rive years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 sixth st.
ET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATK DR. H.
G. YOUNO, 1841 Polk St.
7\R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THK GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
pAINLKSS EXTRACTION. oOci CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815^ Geary.
I R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BKIIxiB-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. ■
/ OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BOtt MAS-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEE 1 206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
A LL WORK REASONABLE and WAR-
■fV ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 112'J Market st.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
JEGHORNS, WHITE. BROWN AND BUFF.
-$1 each; fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Alameda.
i76r RALE— AI FAMILY COW; CALF ONE
J day old. 304 ShotwWl st.
r OUNO SPITZ DOGS FOR SALE. . 103
X Haves st.
/I OOD YOUNG MILKIiNG GOATS FOR SALE.
" f 320 Laidley St., between Miguel or Thirty-
third and Mateo or Thirty-fourth. Take San
Francisco and San Mateo cars.
"TREAT BARGAIN IN a BURGLAR-PROOF
I" sun-, with or without Sargent time lock. 42
Main street.
IS OK SALE-BICYCLK, 1896 PATTERN; AL-
X most new, with lantern, bell, etc.; $60: com-
plete. Apply 2213 Flllmore St., from 4toBp. m.
Ti^ORSALK CHEAP — 85-HORSEPOWER EN-
X I glne, boiler, shafting, pulleys, etc. W. E. LfcE,
Twenty-fourth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
OIL PAINTINGS OFFERED TO-DAY at
half-price: U. S. Navy, The Oregon, San Fran-
cisco, Olympia, Charleston, Flying Defender, Cliff
House, Yosemtte Valley, San Francisco Bay.
Mount Shasta and many others. L. JONES, 647
Mission xl
COMPLETE SECOND-HAND OUTFIT OF
\J tinner's tools land machines; cheap. Box 129.
Napa, Cal.
"171 OR SALE-UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
— ' register: price $26. J. L.. box 64, Call Office.
I/OR SALE— SUN CASH REGISTER; USED
rlO days; price $25. S. C, box 66, Call Office.
IK BT-C LASS SECOND-HANI* WASHING-
X ton hand press: alsoeighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this otnee.
ECONO-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
glnes; various sizes; guaranteed perfect order:
bargain. O. E.. box 100, Call. ' '
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
IJOILERS,ENGINKS,2D-HAND MACHINERY,
XJ waterplpea. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
A BY" CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
tnre bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
California Rattan Co., 61 First si., nr. Mission
■, V 1 LDfNGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
» > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
lire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market st.
L^IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER-
X I press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 10J Clay.
\T_W RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND 7
-^ hand. W. & RaY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
Cl L T Ka, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
I bought and sold 1121J^Markat U»u7tnand_ m
PHYSICIANS. WIJ -.^
11 EMOVED— DR. C. C. 6'DONNELL TO 1206
Xt Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market St.; bis 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment:
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by malL
_^ ■ FOUND. -. r^.^.,..- -,.
TfOiTND-SIX PAIRS EYEGLASS FRAMES.
-.Owner can receive them, CHR. KOCH, 629
Vali< .'-.) st. , - - .•■■■■ ■ -
TYPEWRITERS.
YOST, $30; CALIGRAPH, $25: SEND FOR
X sample work. SCOTT _ BAN NAN, 333 Monty
r^ PERSONALS. -^
FOR HEALTHY BOY BaBY; 2
years of age: $2000 cash goes with the boy. Ad-
dress H.. box 285. Call Office. ,
EO. W. PHELPS. ATTORNEY -AT-LAW, 215
1 Sansome st., room 4.
: IMPORTANT INFORMATION FROM HOME I
-I awaits BARNEY GOLDBERGER at 7 South
; Park, city. .
A DOPTION— A RESPECTABLE MARRIED
X_ couple would like to adopt a child. Address
. T., box 88. Call Office.
AIR DRESSED ANY STYLE, 25c; SHAM-
«..-, po 25c: manicure, 25c: lessons. MRS.
; BUTLER, 131 Post St.. room 20.
OMESTIC SEWING MACHINE, IN PER- '
feet order; $16: day and evening. 1559 Market. |
• WE HAVE A LARGE STOCK OF BILL- 1
»' heads, letter-heads and statements on hand i
which we are selling off at less than 50 percent of ;
cost: you can buy them printed at less than whole-
; sale I price; come quick, while they last. J. C.
, HOWE, Commercial Printer, 636 Clay St.: tele-
-1 phone 5989.
A DVH_ FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
; _T4. dally; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, at- i
tended to. G.W. HOWK.atty-at-iaw, 850 Market st I
TAILOR-MADE SUITS. $10: CLOAKS, CAPES
-I- ana suits to order. 916 Market St., room 25.
' PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
— course taught In six weeks: competent gradu- '
. ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
ITIHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT, I
— 40, 4bMxth st; children's school hats sc: dyed,
• pressed 25c. ; nats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c I
IREI'.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW-
elry. etc. : lowest rates. 84H Market st.
SPECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER CO., MERCHANT
Tailors, Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
• ship and trimmings guaranteed self-measurement
cards sent free; conntry trade solicited.
rnRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st. ; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
fT-HE NUMBER OF THAT BIG HAIRDREBS-
— Ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for ME cents is 111, and
the name Is Q. LKDERER. Don't make a mistake.
REWARD-THB MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
soclatlon offer a reward of $20 for information
leading 10 the arrest and conviction of any one I
; stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work Is being done.
1 1 lOft CAKDS ' * 160: SHOW CARDS, 15e:
— \ I\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary su, r. 39.
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
air Wash -. cures scalp diseases % take no other.
RA ZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
J-t fine edge put on razor for 26 cents.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
-<V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.: also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
ELECT RIC~I7I 1 ITS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SKTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser.' removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ARTINOTO.N'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 Po>T ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132 !
/ Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. J.VUSSAUD.
IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
-D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
CUjOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
v^ mfni' co«u Factor-.- SO S«n«o— i« «t.. upgtalri.
DRKSSMAKKItS. ~
TTvRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 505»,4 Natoma st., above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
,, rJJ .- -.^,--- ^2_ r . rr - r^^-^.
50 and $1— eta and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POW_R.»
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi- ■
ness, speculation. Investment*, Insurance, love,
I courtship, marriage and divorce: settle lovers' j
I quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages. !
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property. Interpret dreams, cure bad i
habits and destroy evil influences In half the I
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none oat-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 P. _. Sundays'^ to 6P. _.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market st.
~T~N EXTRAORDINARY DUO OF SPIRIT
__ UALISTIC EXCELLENCE!
THE CONSUMMATION OF EVERY HIDDEN
TRUTH!
PROFESSOR AND MME. HALE, PARLORS,
316 ELLIS STREET.
Without trumpets to herald their approach,
these eminent occult scientists are prepared to
unravel the bidden mysteries of life. Your past,
present and future is to them an open book, and
your confidence will be treated with sanctity: let I
none mislead you. PROFESSOR AND MME. |
HALE are pre-eminent. -, - .
—TRUTH WEARS NO MASK.
KNOW THY FATE.
Your destiny foretold. PROFESSOR M. L.
CARNELLE. the world-renowned clairvoyant and j
business medium, gives correct advice on all mat-
ters of interest in business, law. mining, specula- !
tion, love, matrimony, divorce, social or domestic
affairs: unites Ihe separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels and chuses speedy and happy marriages with
the one of your choice: cause.* good luck In all
things by proper advice: locates mines and buried I
treasures; positively no impositions; revealsevery - I
thing you wish to know concerning the future: let- \
ters with stamps answered: business strictly con- j
fidential; hours 9 to 9 daily and Sunday; parlors '
220 Eddy st.
YRA, THE WORLD'S RENOWNED INDK-
_ pendent slate-writingm«dlum: known through-
out Europe and America as the mystic wonder:
if deceived by fakirs come to Syra: have you |
trouble? do you need advice? Syra tells just what
you want to know: mediums developed: hours,
10 a. _. to 6p. m. loom 2 Market st., parlors 1
and 2.
ME. exodius. CLAIRVOYANT. BE-
moved to 1003 Mission st., near corner Sixth.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 26c up. 6 Fourth.
RS. ALLEN, TEST A BUSINESS MEDIUM,
mental <£ magnetic healer, 620 Market, r. 20.
T>ROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST.. NX. 6TH;
X wonderful power: gives advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc. : tells of
your friends' and enemies' business; confidential
letters with stamp answered; 9 to 8: also Sunday.
MM K.~ PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladies 60c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
MME. SYBILLE 3J,KLLB~FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 'io cents. 914 O'Farrell at.
YPSY Llf E-READER; LADIES, 26c;
gents, 50c ; readings daily except Sun. 5 7th.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND fu-
ture, 26c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS I
past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MX. AKNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
-\\ ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
i-'l er and clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ETURNEI), WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by egg* and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
■ ing excepted, names given: good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. 9-9 Tost at., nr. Larkln.
SPIRITUALISM.
pALIFORNIA SPIRITUAL CONVENTION,
\J Golden Gate Hall, 6J5 Sutter St., May 24, 25:
President H. P. Barrett and best speakers and
mediums; see Sunday papers; fraternal reception
to President Barrett to-night at hall, 110 Hayes st.
rpEsTCIRLE TO-NIGHT; 10c. MME. YOUNG,
1 605 McAllister St.: sittings daily. -
ADDIE SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER; no FEE
except as a gift. 1055 Market st. Ladles only.
A RLE, INDEPENDENT SLATE- WRITER,
J 330 Ellis St., has returned from Los Angeles.
VI RS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
I>l trance medium : sittings $1. '-'18 Stockton si.
LOST. ;
LOST— A PASSBOoioVITH THE h'ib_RNi"a
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of CHRISTIAN SORENso.N. No.
1951146. The tinder will please return to bank.
I>LACK NOTEBOOK WITH RECEIPTS AND
l> memoranda. ■ Return 1711 Leavenworth; re-
ward. .
OST— GOLD FRAME EYEGLASSES; BER-
tellng case; reward. Yosemlte, 1045 Market.
WHITE GREYHOUND BITCH; BRINDLE
'» ear. Return to 2378 Market st.; reward.
CO X REWARD— LOST, A SPIDER-AND-FLY
'4? — «-> diamond locket, 1884 on back: lost at
butchers' picnic. Return to Golden Gate Villa,
ocean beach, and receive reward. -
OST— VIOLET PIN, DIAMOND CENTER,
crescent of small pearls. Return to grocery-
store. cor. Webster and O'Farrell: liberal reward.
r OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNTa
J-J Savings and Loan Society of San Frauclsco. In
the name of CYRUS D. HOYT: No. 71-105. The !
finder will please return to bank.
LOST- A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Pavings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of LAURA MULLINS, No. 207674.
The Under will please return to bank.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
djfoK A~ WANt'eD— ''"PARTNER:" PAYING
*u)QO\J. coffee saloon and cbophouse; No. 1 lo-
cation; established 5 years; prefers partner to
hired help: rare chance. BARRETT _ SKIFF,
921 Market st.
ffljOftA FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
«Jr_iUU. horse, wagon; rooms; ■ dally receipts
$10; rent $12; snap. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 921
Market st. '
q_or;n BEST CORNER cigar-stand in
: <_)_.«JU. city. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 921 Mar-
ket st.
_1 C A FRUITSTORE; MUST SELL; OF-
tjpltivf fer wanted. BARRETT _ SKIFF,
; 921 Market st.
I <Jj»l CfV PARTNER WANTED IN STRICTLY
! <tS>LO\J. cash business: duties light and easily
, learned: established 12 years. KENNY*, 765
I Market st.
7c LAD* PARTNER IN RESTAURANT
1.) . on busy part of Market st. sure bargain;
rent $26. KENN V, 765 Market st.
(SiA^nCi CASH $1000; HOUSE 95 ROOMS;
i7)~tO\J\J. near Marker and Kearny sts.; here
17 years. KENNY, 765 Market st.
I J>O'/-| PARTNER WANTED IN BALOON
I O O«JV". and lunchhouse In manufacturing dis-
I trict; daily receipts $12 to $15. KENNY, 765
Market at. ' :-
fflJir/iA CORNER RESTAURANT, NEAR
j i&l.*jy>\J. transfer point, Western Addition;
; handsome private rooms; owner 3 years: no better
i offer in market; rare bargain. STENBERG
i CO.. 632 Market st.
i QOfinn PARTNER WANTED IN WELL
; «IpOUUU. established steam laundry in first
class running order; has the trade of leading
lodging-houses and restaurants: valuable outside
routes: horses and wagons: business sure to In-
crease if properly attended; books open for Inspec-
tion: full investigation. STENBERG CO., 63'_
Market st.
QOfin CORNER SALOON; NICELY FIT-
«JPv*I/Lf. ted up: good location: wholesale dis-
trict: offered at a sacrifice: owner has two places.
STENBERQ CO., 632 Market st.
7'A RESTAURANT AND SALOON;
•»-"-'• near large carhouse; neat, attractive
place: doing Al business: large number regular
hoarders.; retiring from business. STENBEIIG
CO., 632 Market St.
fIJIAAA first-class saloon AND
fpl\J\J\J. road house; at terminus of two car
lines: 8 magnificently furnished rooms; superb
I bar fixtures: more than valne In sight; rent only
$45; does business that will justify Investment at
$2000; thorough investigation allowed. STEN-
BERG A CO., 632 Market St.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City HaU avenue.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSl-
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
LOON ON GOOD STREET DOING. GOOD
0 business: two rooms in rear; large yard; stable
in connection: must be sold; going away; rent $16.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<S«O^A FOR HALF INTEREST GOOD,
•ii,»J«JV/. paying meat market; best part of city.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©11 r\f\ GROCERY AND BAR; FINE
i&XXUXJ. stock; elegant fixtures; doing good
business; in fine locality; -will stand the fullest
Investigation, and the place Is actually worth twice
amount asked; see this elegant business at once:
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
L/ LEGANT GROCERY WITH TWO TEAMS-
J— well established bu mess: fine location; Inves-
| tigate this rare chance, this fine place. T. LUBEL-
| SKI. 7 City Hall aye.
<j»9£,nn GROCERY AND BAR. DOING
«tT_,<.»UV.F. good business: cheap rent; fine cor-
ner stand: elegant stock will bear fullest investi-
gation; only obiect for selling, other business; see
this fine buy. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
T^OTICE— PARTIES WISHING TO SELLRES-
-»■' taurants, cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 26y a Kearny st.
(ft O PIA BUTCHER SHOP: OLD ESTAB-
ig)*JiJ\J. lished: 2 horses, wagon, can; lew rent;
a great bargain. JOHNSTON, a6Va Kearny st.
i "ft -^ T< \ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
| i£)xJ%J\J. very central: 2 living-rooms; owner had
[ place 9 years. JOHNSTON, 26y 2 Kearny st.
: Ss^DO OLD - ESTABLISHED BAKERY—
*£7«JV/V. Good store trade and wagon route- bak-
ing 2 bbls dally. JOHNSTON, 26^_ Kearny st.
OOD AND COAL YARD] HORSES,
»» wagons, large stock, building; will sell at a
sacrifice: make offer. Apply 26Va Kearny.
ANDY-STORE ON MARKET ST.; CHEAP.
■ Apply 26V 2 Keamy St., room 4.
QO P. A PARTNER WAN *ED IN LEGITt-
<T«Jc;u. mate manufacturing business; manu-
facturing standard goods in general use every
where and in great demand; trade increasing:
money to be invested to enlarge plant; carries full
I stock: is absolutely necessary to double present
; capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
: in; will double in six months: fortune for steady
| man. GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market su
BLACKSMITH, WAGON AND REPAIR
shop; will sell cheap. DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 ( )0t \ -BARGAIN- SEE LIST.
X\J\J\J Candy store for sale. $ 400 I
Saloon, good, for sale 350
Grocery store for sale 4000
Meat market for sale 360
Coffee saloon for sale 1000
Restaurant for sale 650
Shoe store, country town, for sale.
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. sth.
o>OnO CORNER BAR ON KEARNY AND
«Jp(_;\JU. California: established for years: good
paying place; no triflers need apply. WILKE A
WOLF. 531 California st.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; BARGAIN
\J to-day. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
Q-tao PARTNER wanted in EL gant-
<ii?^t<-'v/. ly furnished salo n; good day and im-
I mense night trade: 1 block from Examiner office
I WILKE _ WOLF, 531 California st.
ffl» j X|) MANUFACTURING BUSINESS;
-LOU. easily managed; large profits: suitable
for 2 ladies, or man and wife. STANLY, 21V.
Third st. •; ■.,!_.: . r ?7
ALF INTEREST IN WHOLESALE AND
retail liquor business; amount ■ required
$2500 to $3000: also leasehold, goodwill, fixtures
and furniture of a hotel doing good business;
! amount required $1200. For particulars address
; 1. L. L., Santa Rosa.
ARTY WHO HAS FROM $10,000 TO $20,000
to invest in a business enterprise in this city
I now doing a large wholesale business can investi-
j gate and meet the owner by calling at room 165,
Crocker building; none but principals need apply.
CjOXfk .ARTNER WANTED In CASH
tJP<_UU. business guaranteed to ■ clear $15 per
week; no night or Sunday work: experience not
required. Business Exchange, 777 Market st.
I <SJ"I ~O EXPRESS BUSINESS; GOOD '
t&)XO\J. stand; clearing $80 per month; sold I
on account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205
Larkln st.
CM OH A BEST CORNER BAR IN WHOLE-
tIP-LOULf. sale district; money-making place;
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE A WOLF, 531 Cal'a.
* LL PARTIES WISHING TO SELL OR BUY
x\. places of business try CI'VY BUSINESS
AGENCY, R6SV-J Market st.
RANCH BAKERY. CONFECTIONERY AND
J> notions, with laundry office; fine location- op-
posite carhouse: rent cheap: good business; don't
fail to see this rare chance. 7 City Hall aye.
LADY OR GENTLEMAN <>F GOOD APPEAR-
ance: small capital required. Call or address
14 McAllister St., room 40.
AKERV FOR SALE;, ON [ACCOUNT OF OLD
age; store trade only; first-class condition. Ad-
ply Call Office : ' -/i ~ ..*-.■
ARTINEZ HOTEL — TO RENT, UNFUR~-
nished: terms reasonable; 56 rooms- in good
order. D. J. WEST, Martinez! Cal. X
7 ADY WANTS PARTNER IN MANUFAC-
Jj iure of patent gate-latch: small investment-
big profits. Address L.. box 69. Call Office.
PA^ TINKK WANTED IN SALOON
iFOVPU. and dance hall: clearing s3oo a mouth
WILKE A WOLF. 631 California st monln -
£7oo ?°. X SALE - STEAM LAUNDRY,
tip I V\J. doing good cash business: good reason
for selling. For particulars address San Luis
Steam Laundry, San Luis Oblapo, Cal.
$1.50 PA ». RTNKK ASTED-SOBER, RE-
A J p -ply a a _urs a sr ld ' eBtabU3heqreSCaU -
Ggr-AMy^,ifm^ AURAKT: MABONA-
OLL-TOF DESK: ELEGANT SECRETARY f
also bookcase. 7 City Hal) aye. «•"•*.
&300 P RI )CERV AND BAR WITH LIV-
&2 wr, l^" 0 ™?:^ rent good neighbor-
hood. WILKE _ WOLF, 531 California st.
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJUdy of means, *35 capitaL 12 Mason St., rm. 2
G°it»? SSr^S? 8 MA N WIT_7SMALL CAP-
som« wishes to purchase one-half Interest in
some established business; no saloon men need
answer. Address L, box 64, Call Office.
&700 F R ALE-GROCERY AND BAR-
<P IW. cheap rent; 3 living-rooms and stable •
Office ". 110 ; a rare opportunity? Inquire Call
s>'^o OREA T BARGAIN; SPECIALTY
, k ?' ore: fl nest in the city; good paying-
q^ire &%%££'**> owner *«»* "-tffi? 1 it
I ''OR BALK: FIRST-CLASS DELICACIES
T store; best locatiOL ; good business; cause sell
ing, wife has become invalid. Apply Call Office.
$I>>s V^? V> , SE - C^ K BATTERY AND
't/. Valle3o sts.; great bargain • livine-rooma
upstairs; must be sold this week. g roOms
II OR SALE-TAILOR WHOP. 204 POWELL, ON
account of sickness. For particulars can "
Humboldt Hall, cornej-PoweU aud Elhs sts
C^Jh KE , N £ A $ V "^EAP; ON ACCOUNT
V of death. 4-mile houseJSay View. So. &F.
BAKERY FOR SALE CHEAP. 228 NOE ST.,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth:
pARTNER WANTED IN A FIRST-CLASS
— saloon; connected with 12 elegantly furnished
™, K°° d ' oca l °?: , lon X 'ewe and low rent; no
agents. Inquire 536 Washington at., room 3.
B A .i <G ,, A 1 ES TA_LISH CIGAR,
yj candy and notion store; opposite university
gaie, Berkeley; junction Telegraph-avenue electric
fses7 : CarS Bt ° P ln lrOnt of store A P DIv on Prem-
; SrJOO hkst-class SALOON, opposite
.£,„ .' »' «>»<> -station; must be sold on ac-
n^P , °«. 8 , T ess - Apply 1402 Va'encia. cor.
Twenty-fifth. J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia sU
<*]()0 BU B v HALF INTEREST IN BEST
h™ il pa J ln S business In the city; no competi-
tion; call and investigate. 617 Jones, near Geary.
BUSINESS CHANCES-Contlnned.
J ITY NEWSPAPER FOR SALE-DEVOTED
■ Kj to the residents of the Mission district; present
> owner has made It pay, though very sick; good op-
, portunity to Increase income. Address T. *• ■».,
box 62. this office: or apply at this office for partie-
• ulars. ' '
IF YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO SELL, BUY
or exchange call on us; there is no equal to our
quick sales: never heard of it, and we always hava
r snaps for buyers: come at once. Columbia, l«l
Fourth st. 1 ___________
TV ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
• VV with us; will sell It in 3 days or treat; we hava
' buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 12fJ
1 Fourth st. . . • - v .
• TOCK OF POULTRY FOR SALE, EAST OA_>
0 land. E. HILL, 34 Donohoe building. «
| If OR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
-F and cleaning; good reasons for selling. Address
; by letter C. BONNARD, 218 Fourth St.. Santa
Bos— 1 ■ . ,
' CORNER SALOON AND LODGING-HOUSE;
■ \J 11 rooms; business part of city; present owner
conducting business for 12 years: no reasonable
1 offer used; reason family troubles. Apply 101
Sacramento st. ' _[ ■
fljj 07' COAL AND WOOD YARD: GOOD
«3>O I «->. business: must sell at once; engine and
1 boiler worth the money ;trial given. Call 810 Sixth.
• "STTFTk FINE SALOON: 4 LIVING-ROOMS:
• tJp4OU. fine stock and fixtures; billiards and
■ pool. 171b Clara st.
' pOFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; GOOD BUSI-
\J ness and location. Apply this office.
ANDY-STORE FOR SALE. 261 THIRD ST.
Bargain. m
• A LRANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,
' A NE. cor. Everett at., for sale.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, CalL
CENTRAL HOTEL IN SAN RAFAELt
\J lease, good will, stock and fixtures for sale at «
bargain. Apply at hotel. _'
W ANTED— 3 DAY S' NOTICE TO BKLL YOU
»» business; to buy a business come at once.
LYNCH A SERRY, 935 Market st. >
"L/LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE OLBAN.
X 1 and In good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific st., basement.
UST BE SOLD BY JUNE WELL-PAY-
Inc. long-established business; cheap rent;
make offer. Apply 106 Turk st. ■
O YOU WANT A CHANCE TO MAKE!
money? First-class saloon: must be sold.
Address Chance, box 135, CaU Office. -
A LOON FOR SALE. APPLY AT TH_
Union Brewery, Eighteenth and Florida sts. .
mo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
1 County, Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket su
OR RENT. UNFURNISHED— THE "GRAN-
ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and fine location;
a splendid opportunity for auy person desirous of
going into the hotel business; extra inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom. CaU
OOD PAYING CYCLERY; GOOD WHEELS;
best location. W. CRAKE, 324 Post at.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
i"pUUI/. down, rest to suit purchaser. MEEKS
_ CO., 865% Market st.
i ©OCA HOUSE, 10 ROOMS, CHEAP RBST|
t?-.'J\J. a bargain. MEEKS _ CO., 865^ Mar-
ket st. ___.
Cj/^7C ROOMING-HOUSE OF 15 ROOMS;
tJpUlcl. finely furnished; centrally located;
permanent roomers. MEEKS A CO., 866^ Mar-
ket st.
1 C ROOMS; FINE CORNER »150
AtJlO-room bouse, worth $1000; price 400
40 rooms; fine for transient 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., only .._ SOU
1 6 rooms on Taylor st 750
46 rooms on Market st •.... 250(1
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
-1 Ing-house, See T. LUBELSKI, 7Clty Hall aye.
ODGINO-HOOSE: MUST BE SOLD ON AC-
XJ count of leaving city: clearing $35 a month;
price $250. Address C, box 3, Call Office.
\\fELL- FURNISHED. GOOD 67-ROOM LODQ-
»» ing-house; good location. 613 Mission st,
1 A ELEGANI'LY FURNISHED ROOMs
X\J money for business woman; central: low rent
C. box 4, CaU.
HOARDING AND LODGING HOUSE FOR
-L> sale; near city front; will be sold cheap. In-
quire at 39 Pacific st. ■.-• -.
WILL SELL YOUR LODGING-HOUSE IN
Tt 2 days or treat. Columbia, 128 Fourth sL
IpOR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE
22 Sacramento St., containing 40 rooms; well
lighted: gas; water: improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished and In order for Immediate pos-
session; this hotel is especially adapted for a
boarding-house; convenient to railroad depot, foot
of Market St.: established 3 years; reasons for sell-
ing, owner retiring from business. Apply to owner
I on premises.
OQ WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OR-
— -O gan: low rent: a bargain. *0 sixth st.
V^-/- FUBMTUKii fOR SALE.
£'"^oTa J^A_K—^MJR^fTt'R-roF^ij^"rOOMs"anS
kitchen, wood, coal, etc. 275 Clara su
T7_AT OF 7 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR"
J sale; rent 18. Address 1416 a Howard st.
ffl* I i\(\ 4 ROOMS; ALL NEW FURNITURE;
tg) 1 V'U. at 27 Moss St., near Seventh.
I FURNITURE OF 7 ROOMS FOR SALE
cheap; must be sold. 338 Golden Gate aye.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOB
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings.
IIIRE SALE J i " " ~~T~*
Prices stand — 1 goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets , ........$lB 51
Bed lounges — . 800
Stoves _ Iso
Carpets, peryard _ 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard # 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts, J
NOON AN. ■ |t*i. .-.
A(U\ carpets; chamber BETS, fTiT
r£\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-
10; bed-ionnges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 It £
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NE\V
— uedlounges trimmed with plush ..."$5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid ...^.450 up
1 English Linoleum, laid 400 up
I Window shades In s colors *"25oun
SHIREK _ SHIREK, 747 Market '„," bpposlM
I Grant avenue: no branch stores.
• CAKPET CLEANING.
p REAT EAS^^3rs^_AM^XßT_T^r_EAN^
U ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Grawt.
JONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
C CARPETS CLEANED, So A YARD; LAID 3a.
Vj Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth St.
"HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING's Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. : teL So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET EEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126. •••'---
CITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOV \-
t Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
Ing works; latest Improved machinery; Sc yard.
G. GEOROE.offlce 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie' 253.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; t-_,
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH _ CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 248
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J' MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RES-
. ovatlng works. 458 Stevenson: ml. south 224
HOUSES.
FOR SALE— 3O HEAD OF GOOD YOUNG
J- workhorses. 426 Valencia st. J. D. FOR-
RESTER. Salesman.
F^OR SALE— GOOD. STYLISH BAY MARE, 8
I L years old, with or without buggy and harness;
j suitable for professional or business man; cheap.
Apply at 1095 Howard st.
Finn SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR>
*J\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.wason, cart . surre.-
-— rockaway; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
T^OK SALE— A NEARLY NEW BUGGY AND
-l harness; hand made; very stylish. Inquire at
42 1 Hayes st.
HORSE, WAGON and harness for SALE
cheap. 2oy 3 Clara st.
40 HORSES »FOU SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
TV buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
clay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial su
1 'SO bKTS NEW AMI SECOND-HAND HAR-"
X%J\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses »v.l
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
Keon for 8. F. Police Department. Office anl
hospital. 121 City Hal; aye.: telephone south 401.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR BICYCLE BUSI-
O ness, horse and buggy. 704 Pine st.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVFS-
samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansomest!
]\TEW AND SKCON AND BAKERS'. LAUN-
\ / -' m . and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. '
STORAGE. -—-——
"171 U RN fTURE. pYa^TosT^TRUN KS ; " AT>
X vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post.
T *£* R OOMEY. 722 MISSION-STORAGE \T
a .reaccea rates: basement Btorage,sl 50 per load
S n^ k E .mV HEAPEbt IN THE CITY ; FIRE-
>J proof building: advances made. 211 Larkln. ;
TO\V EST RATES-FURNITURE, PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. pierce. 735 Market.
A B. SMITH FURN.ITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
-n_. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
A I"PLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURS I~
'CV tnre. etc. SHIREK A SHIREK. 747 Market.
BKWIHO MACHINES. ~
; A LL KINDS BOUGHT, EXCHANGED,"
-c__ rented, repaired; lowest rate*. 205 Fourth _.HOUSES TO LET.
HYDE ST.. BBTMTBXH rtUak' A»D XDvSftZ
2-story, 7 rooms ani bath.
Taylor, bet. Pine and California— 6 rooms bath
Stevenson, or Lezlniriouave., bet. 20th anil 21<»r_I
6 room- and bath; $20. * . :
Powell, bet. Clay and Washington— 7 rooms and
bath: $25. *
Howard, near 12th— 9 rooms and bath- $30
Bond, off Mission, bet. Pith and 18th— $24
Mission, bet. Btn and9th-7 roomsandbath: $30
6 Fulton, bet. I^guua and Buchanan, sunny slde-
-6 rooms and bath; $26 25. ■»"""> oiue
Fell. bet. Poik and Van Ne>save.-7 rooms, bath
Apply to C. 8. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate Agents
and House brokers, 416 Montgomery si BeaHS
7 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY- FRONT
I and rear yams; on a pretty street, fronting pri-
vate park; newly painted, clean and attractive-
s3o. DKMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye. altraCUv e •
")|U HOW A RD-L.O DO lif (Th O U E OR
O-tO ho el; 35 rooms; store, 2 rooms- $75.
8 92 / 50. 8 706 Folsom si. BASP^- H rss^
V EN! IENTHOUSEiT ROOMS. 24 MOSS
v^' st., off Howard, near seventh.
HOI SB OF 5 ROOMS: SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina st.
TJOUSE 9 LARGE sunny rooms, bath;
XX laundry; can be used for 2 families: beautiful
garden. 36 Elgin park, near Ridley, above Va-
lencia.
Ss '-40 HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
QO\->. 1723 Clay st.. near Van Ness aye.
\\'E RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'» treat • people right. BALDWIN Jt HAM-
MON D 10 Montcomerv »'„
FI'KNISHEW MOUSES.
4 T BELMONT— FURNISHED RESIDENCE
S\ 14 rooms and staole; rent no object to re-
gion -1 hie people. Apply to UMBSEN & CO 14
Monisomery st.
QEVEN-ROOM HOI'SE FOR SALE- EVERY-
-0 thing new: no agents. Apply Call Office.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~
pOTTAOE O~F 5 ROOMS~ a!?D~TaRGE^CEiX
\J lar near Twenty-ninth and Mission 6ts. Apply
816 Mission st. ■
<< 1 Q "\n WITH WATER, ELEGANT COT-
lt/.»i". tage: 5 rooms: bath; gas-fixtures-
cellar and large yard. 438 Seventh st,
pOTTAGE 8 ROOMS; BATH; YARD; GAR-
V den; cheap: $20. 2824 Mission st.
1 Q PAGE— I-OTTAOK OF 4 ROOMS, BATH
I O and basement. Apply In rear.
pOTTAUE-8 ROOMS AND HATH; all
V^ 1 modern lmurovemena. 1016 Broderick st
near Turk; rent, $82 50.
Q~l J- MAi COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
0 1 -Jr. bath. 1831 Union, near Layuua.
§p7 "SO C^TTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; GOOD 0R-
... LOW. der: water free. Apply premlt?s 945
Bryant sU, near Eighth, or room 79, 6_b Mont-
eomery.
FUBXISUED FLATS.
pOZY FLAT; CLOSS To^^ITrNHXNDrE";
V^ gas stove: piano; references: rent reasonable.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
I:.M CORNER: 6 SUNNY ROOMS: CHEAP;
X afternoons. &QQa Webster st.
FLATS TO LET.
JONES ANd"fTl~BE"rt" STBM~SETcoitN r
8 rooms and bath; only $22; ane marine view;
cars handy.
Hayes st., nr. Fillmore; upper flat : 5 rooms and
bath: only $18. Apply to C S. CAPP & CO.. 415
Montgomery at., Real Estate Agents and House
Broken.
ICANCHK9 ST., NR. EIGHTEENTH; NEAT
0 flat, 5 rooms and bath: only 914.
Nineteenth St., bet. Guerrero and Dolores: sunny
side: upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; only $23 to a
good tenant.
Ellis St., bet. Buchanan and Webster; 6 rooms
and bath; only $20. Apply to C. S. CAPP CO.,
415 Montgomery st., House-renters and Real Es-
tate' Agents.
"V"E. CORNER PAGE AND SHRADER STS.;
i.> sunny upper flat, 12 rooms. elegantly carpeted
throughout; range, 2 baths, billiard and wine room,
electric lights; I block irom park: convenient to
Haigbt and Ellis st. cars : unusually tine at point-
ments; ready to move into without further ex-
pense. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
SUNNY FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; 319 CAPP &T.
rent cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
mji Q 1541 FOLSOM: 6 ROOMS AND BATH.
ClO. ASHTON <& GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
BIGHT, MODERN ECONOMICAL FLATS; 5
rooms; bath; marine view: 2. 8 and 10 Han-
over place, off Sacramento it., below Mason; nice
neighborhood. Apply 320 sansome, room 4.
"I "I pr -| GUERRERO. COR. TWENTY-
-1 -Lt_)J- Fourth— 7 rooms; bath: poarrh: large
basement, $18.
PPER FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS: RENT
cheap. 1668 Mission, near Thirteenth.
QIQI SUTTER— SUNNY FLAT, S~ROOMi
oxo% and bath. Inquire 919 a Butter st.
A ROOMS on first FLOOR: CLEAN AND
*"l attractive: front and rear yards; unfinished
basement; on charming private street fronting
park; to quiet family; $16. DtJll'sTKU, 3~Glen
Par- aye., off Twelfth st.
9;: MINNA— 4 ROOMS: RENT $lL" 805
«-c) Union, 3- room flat; yard; $10.
eno TURK— TWO FLATS, 4 ROOMS each:
_/4_O rear.
9f\ LOWER FLAT. 6 ROOMS AND BATH :
•_—<'. large basement and sunny yard. 137
Page st.
QOo UPPER FLAT733IO SIXTEENTH ST.;
•_ —— • 7 large sunny rooms and bath: modern
improvements; yai-d and basement; water free.
COZY UPPER FLAT— SIX ROOMS ;~BATH;
wood mantel; modern improvements; rent re-
duced. 812 Tr.at aye., bet. 2 1st and 22d sts.
QOM ELEGANT UPPER AT: BA Y-WfN-
-". do»«; 0 large rooms and bath; modern
Improvements. 511 Greenwich su ■-:--
"TTPPKR AND LOWER FLATS: 3 AND 4
L rooms; very convenient; $7 and $8. 941 Bry-
ant.
(Jin UPPER FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH.
1 o. 1626^ Pine St.. above Van Ness aye.
REE RENT GIVEN TO GOOD TENANTS
(half to one month); prices from $6 up.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st. '
9 4 BHOTWELL— S SUNNY ROOMS; BATH;
*"*± stationary tubs; rent $20. ■ '
Tin FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
HO rooms and bath ; $28.
SOUTH BRODERICK, NEAR FOUR-
teenth; flat, 6 sunny rooms; rent $14.
99-1 Q FIFTEENTH, NEAR CASTRO-ST.
——I O cars; 5 sunny rooms, bath; low rent.
9QI Ql BUSH— UPPER FLAT OF 5 SUNNY
Z.V XO'Z rooms and bath: cheap; good view.
ACllCk TWENTY-THIRD; 100 "rKKT FROM
±\J i O Castro cars: lovely sunny upper flat of 6
rooms; modern improvements; rent only $16;
•water free.
' 1A QQ MCALLISTER, NR. SCOT MODERN
1-rtOO flat; 6 rooms; bath; $27 60; water free.
_17 5 SUNNY ROOMS ; MODKRN ZIP
0 .1 1 . provements. 20 Albion aye., oft* Fifteenth
sl . bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
1 OWER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; PORCELAIN
i-t bath and basement; cor. Twenty-third and
Castro sts.: $13; 544 Castro st., upper flat « rooms
and bath, $17 60. .
TTPPER FLOOR 5 ROOMS; $14. 8 HOWARD
U court, off Howard St., near Fourth.
TTPPER FLAT OF 6LARGE ROOMS, 133 LILY
' U aye. ; key grocery, corner Page and Ootaviasts.
V EaICcTtY HALL: ELEGANT FLAT OP 5
1> rooms: latest Improvements; $23. 14- Grove.
ODERN SUNNY UPPER CORNER FLAT,
6 rooms: bath: stable. Southwest corner
Hattie and Merritt, bet. Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth sts. ■ _____
1 QIV7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER-LOWER
loUl flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms: bath.
-I -I X ASH AYE., NR. MCALLISTER, ABOVE
HO Polk; sunny flat: modern; $15.
1 rin A MISSION, NEAR ELEVENTH-* 5
X.DIO beautiful papered rooms: bath: laundry.
T OWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUN N Y
XJ Bide of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Ring-old
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
MCALLISTER - FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
I iiOi! modern Improvements: ■ rent reduced.
WE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
>» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
T^LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
Xj low iirvanr. 5 and 6 rooms, hath: $8 10 SI6.
. IIOUSEKEEMNO KOOJia.^^^
Clinton^ Park.
999 CLINTON PARK-2 SUNNY UNFUR-
Z.JLL nished rooms for light housekeeping; mod-
erate^ . ■ '
i <!iv Street.
Ql 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISIIED FRONT
.OX I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family. ; ____________
Elite street.
P. 09 ELLIB-FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
00 rooms, with bath. • ________
Fourth titreet.
9/1 & FOURTH-BUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
Z-itD and housekeeping: families; newly fur-
nished; day, week or month. . ______
1 9H FOURTH 81.— CLEAN BUNNY RuOMS,
I — .U single or double ompleie.
tut It Street.
C«Q BUNNY BEDROOM; KITCHEN: BATH;
O. water; no children: private 314 Fifth St.
~A~l)t>i FIFTH - 2 I I'.ONT. PERFE CTL V
'i _-O-^ furnished honse-plng rooms on first floor.
t>e»ry Si . eet. - ■
91 71 GEARY (REAR)— THREE SUNNY
■•-1 lif housekeeping rooms. Key, 217.
41.90 PA RI^OK, BEDROOM, D I N I N ( i- It OO M ,
•J'-.0. sewing-room, bath, kitchen: all iieces-
•tariei. 1917 Geary st. ;
UvlUeu (iaiH ' Aifiiui'.
111 A GOLDEN GATE AVENUE— 3 LARGE,
IZIU sunny, furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; private.
- '
2£USEKEEPINQ ROOMS - Continued.
Hermann Street. '" ~™~~
25 nERMANN. VALENCIA-1 OR _
™ oms: ni J*}y furnished wilh or without
tltohen; gas and bath.
Hickory Avenue
131 HICKORY AYE., ML GOUGII BT.-2
IUI houseicpg rooms; furnished complete; $7.
Howard Stree:.
704 HOWARD. COR. THIRD-FINE SUNNY
i <-/tt furnished front rooms for housekeeping. <■
7H1 1 i Ul * Aill) - NICELY"" FURNISHED
• wii bay-window suite for housekeeping;
others : moderate.
I 1 9] 1 HOWARD-2 LARGE SUNNY FUR-
Ame"ri family 1 / 00108 for housekeeping; private
II 49 HOWARD-2 FRONT SUNNY BAY-
rang7'sl* i 5o OW housekeeping rooms; water;
range; ?xz 50.
Jackson Street.
101 ft JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
S 4 to $9 shed sunn y front, large housekeeping;
Kearny Street.
'^0 Y-HOUSEKEEPINO ROOMS;
—v " gas or coal stove; also other rooms.
Market Street.
90Qft MARKET-3 OR 8 NICELY FUR-
*.\J%jkj imbed sunny rooms for housekeeping.
McAllister S'.reet.
4-4-7 M CALLISTER— _ SUNNY ROOMS: FUR-
xj: 1 nished complete for housekeeping: $12.
3ii«Bion street.
QKQ MISSION — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
O*JO rooms; single and en suite; rent, $6 up.
191 Q mission - fUrnished house-
X-*X.Q keeping rooms: gas; bath: no children.
Ninth Street.
9A NINTH ST., ' NEAR MARKET- FRONT
—v/ housekeeping: 2 to 4 rooms: suites: single;
stove; gas: $10 up; also 232 Eighth St., »6 up.
Norfolk Street.
CO NOR FORK, BET. ELEVENTH AND
OZd Twelfth, Folsom and Harrison— Sunny cot-
tage of 2 rooms: furnished for housekeeping;
washroom and yard; $10. Apply upstairs.
Oak Street.
_»■] OAK-CLEAN SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
OX rooms; furnished; bath; gas; rent reasonable.
O'*Hrroll Street.
Q97 O'FARRELL— 3 OR 4 NICELY FUR-
i/— . I wished housekeeping rooms. j
Page Street.
mPAGE — FURNISHED. CFRONT BAY-
window housekeeping room; conveniences;
reasonable.
Perry Street.
r>l PERRY — PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
<£-!■ housekeeping: suite or single; cheap.
1 Ail PERKY —a NICELY . FURNISHED
X »*> housekeeping rooms: terms reasonable.
Polk street.
-I nnO POLK — ELEGANT SUITE OF TWO
I UVJ_- back rooms In modern apartment nouse:
separate kitchen, sink, etc. : large c:osets, all con-
veniences; no lodgers; rent $12 60; references
exchanged.
Scott Street.
11Q SCOTT— 2 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
-1 JLO lug rooms; partly turnlshed for housekeep-
Ing. j
South Park.
•] A SOUTH PARK UNFURNISHED ROOMS
JLU for housekeeping; $8. . 1
luird Street-
'l Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK— SUNNY
«) 1 O room lor housekeeping; range; running
water.
Turk Mreet.
QQI TURK— 2 LOVELY UNFURNISHED
O— .X rooms; gas; stove; grate; closets; running
water.
Twenty-sixth btreet.
I-I'l TWENTY-SIXTH. NR. MISSION— FUR-
X.XO2 nished suits suitable for gents, $10; also
single furnished rooms.
Washington Street.
rrvO WASH IN G TON — SUNNY UNFUR-
«Jv'_- nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
Miscellaneous.
3 NICE ROOMS; HOUSEKEEPING FOR _
ladles or man and wife; pleasant part of Mar-
ket St.; rent $11. G. L., box 6, Call Office.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
KO QMS TO LET. ~~
Eddy Street.
a~\ Q EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
UX<7 front bay-window room: also front single.
Eighth -trees.
QHERMAN APARTMK.NT HOUhK. 28 BTH
0 >U. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
J-11K street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
X ART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
OSEDALE HOUSET32TEL"LTs-10(l ROOMS
-IV at reduced rent; satisfy yourself; open all night.
Eleventh Street.
m ELEVENTH — LARGE FRONT ROOM;
also small room; furnished or unfurnished.
Fourth -lite;.
JO7I FOURTH -NICE. SUNNY FRONT
rlu I 3 room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
Oe»trv Mrevt.
91 71 GEARY, REAR— FURNISHED
AX. I a rooms: key 217.
GEARY -SUITE OF ROOMS; SUNNY
kj\JV side; for lady or married couple; also sunny
front room in private family.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS"-
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, Slo
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Green Street.
71 f» GREEN-LARGE, NEWLY furnish-
• X \J ed room, $6 per month,
Jessie Street.
_»1 Ol JESSIE— SUNNY FURNISHED
«JJ.Og rooms; reasonable.
-ones Street.
mJONES-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
single room; also sunny alcove room.
907 -'"NES- THE VAN WINKL.B: NEW
_^v/ 1 management: elegant ranny snltes and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; Slo to S3IL
Kearny street.
A RLINOTON HOD BE, 127 KEARSY-PLBAS-
JTk. ant sunny rooms, en eultsand single: first class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Larkln street.
_OQ LARKIN — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
*J_^t7 nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
Lutikie Street.
91 LASKIE-, OFF MISSION, NEAR NINTH—
'A 2 furnished sunny rooms; $3, $4 and $5.
- aiwrkf street.
1110 MARKET-SINGLE ROOMa $1 26;
X XXO larger, $2 to $3; suites, $5 up; transient-
YOSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
1 night, 360 to $1; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
1 9(|Q MARKET — NIC EL FURNISHED
l_ivO rooms; $3 a month and upward.
i»ston Mreet.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION, NEAR
1 Fourth— fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvement*: ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c to? I 50 a day.
079 MISSION, COR. FIFTH— SUNNY SUITE:
Ol- lower floor; always, used as physician's
office: terms reasonable. - ■
i7\Q/v MISSION — NEATLY FURNISHED
X.\)d\J room; bath and gas: private family.
UROPK JIOL'iSE. 116» MIsSIO.N-NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Oak Street.
1 9-1 OAK ST.— UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
1 +**)■£ large bay-window, back room and kitchen.
Wl-ni-rell Mifi-i.
CAT O'FARRELL-A LARGE SUNNY COR-
rUI ncr bay-window parlor bedroom; suitable
for l or 2 people.
Flue Street.
n-l 1 PINE, BET. DUPONT AND STOCK-
D J- -L ton— Furnished rooms: $6 and $7 a month.
. *' ' { street. ~
m O POLK-SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
tJXO nished alcove; with b.-uh, running water, gas,
etc; for 2 gents: new carpets and furniture: also
tinted single newly furnished rooma; reasonable.
i 1 owe: I stree;.
n n» POWELL, COR. GEARY— 2 LARGE
_j_»D sunny, single front furnished rooms.
-• < mvi Street.
CO SECOND-60 NICELY FURNISHED BIN.
OZ gle and double rooms; 26c per night; f 1 _5
per week ; quiet and respectable.
* " Sixth__r_e:.
1 Ol SIXTH— FRONT SUITE FOR MANICUR.
Lou Ing parlors, rent $20: single, $1 per week.
l /\O SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
lUO rooms ; e0 suite or single; clean -.quiet up.
Sixth— cheapest in the city;
J J.X. nicely furnished double »nd single rooms
THE BAST FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
RO^IS TO LET-Contlnoed.
Stockton .-Street.
909 1 STOCKTON— FRONT SUITE, UNFUR-
--U-.3 nished, with carpets: suitable for office.
1 m A STOCKTON— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
-*-*- > XT' single; en suite ; also doctor's otflce : cheap.
Sutler Mreet.
P:fjrV SUTTER, COR POWELL— SUNNY FR'NT
suite, furnished or unfurnished; other rooms.
70° SUTTER. COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANT
I furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
r 7 c SUTTER—:? SUNNY FRONT ROOMS:
I _iU private; gentlemen; reference if required.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS. $2 A WEEK;
X \JO also double parlors, separate beds, $20.
Washington Street.
CO(i WASHINGTON— NEWLY FURNISHED
O'JyJ sunny front rooms to let.
HOARDING AND KOOMS.
alXiste^TfTnTol y^fT iin 7s he'd
I __ V sunny rooms, with or without board.
1 A*.) EIGHTH ST.— NICE SUITE: ALSO SIN-
-L'-b-w gle rooms; board optional; private.
7fVQ O'FARRELL (CHANGED HANDS)—
4 vu Elegant rooms; suite or single; first-class
board. ■
099 GEARY— FRONT ROOMS; RUN I
O-.-^ water: good table board; single or suites.
IQI 9 BUSU-1 LA RGE SUNNY ROOM:
XOI_ ■ nicely furnished.
HOTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; alluod-
«>rii < fmv>»nlen<p<.
CHILDREN "BOARDED.
INFANT, OR 'sMALIT'cHT 157
J- complete care: sunny yard; reasonable. 1636
Grove sL
ADY WISHES CHILD TO BOARD; GOOD
J home. 14 Oak st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES CHILDREN TO
vl board; mother's care; good home. 318Twenty-
fourth corner Treat aye.. over frul!s:ore. ■
STOKES TO LET. ~
'\^^TO^aK^lTEA?r^UlTli^L^ilfoiCA^
-■> business; good location. 229 y_ Fourth st.
1 1 t\\ HOWARD— TO LET; AN OLD-ESTAB-
-I±.VJ*J llshed frultstore; rent $20.
70^ polk— DELICATESSEN STORE to
I VliJ let; tenant just moved out; rent $18; busi-
ness established; rooms in rear; fine chance for
somebody.
OFFICES TO LET.
O'KARRELL— SI'^S^n^RTjVT^oiPTIcTs'
—V/ with electric lights, elevator and Janitor ser-
vices.
QO'J MARKET. OPP. MASON— LOFTS OF
iWO various sises; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
(CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
V. Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, beat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM. ■ yy *
PRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET-
-0 Elegant s-.innv offices. $12 50 up; elecirlc-llght;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at bulldln«
or G. U. 1 MIiSKN <fc ■).. 14 Montgomery wt.
STABLES TO LET.
UTiTuL LARGE STABLE: 2414 "c A LI-
XJ fornla at. : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chroni-
cle building.
MEDICAL..
pSYCHO-MAGNETIC CO. CURES PARALY-
x sis. rheumatism, insanity, heart and lung
trouble, all kinds of aches and pains, nervous
prostration and general debility, without medicine;
no charge unless cured. Room 11, 8 Mason st.,
cor. Market.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dis-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. -64 Fourth St.
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ '-16 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
"MICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
_-' all female diseases treated: expert physicians:
terms moderate. OlHce, 235 Kearny st., room 9.—
AMU*. DR. WEGEMER, PRIVATE HOME
• for ail female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dles before and during confinement; ail female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; Infallible preventa-
tlves, $1. 419 Eddy sU ..; -.■ •'■?■
I A DIEs—CIUcrf ESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
Xj nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars. "Relief tor Ladles." in letter by return
mall; at druggists Chlcheater Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny sl
DR. JOSSKI.YN, THK GREAT SPECIALIST"
has removed to 1206 Market st., near sixth.
A LL CASES OF "TrREG CLARITIES KB-
-V. stored In » few boars; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETII, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bud
effects ; never makes them sick 10 make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. _ MRS.
DAY l ES, 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $_.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients; best skill: medical attend-
ees: low l*es; regulator. $£ 1370 Market s_
RS. WALLACE — MAGNETIC HEALER;
rheumatism successfully treated. 20Vii Stock-
ton st.
SVRECURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
J- don't tall to see MRS. DR. PUKTX. 2641^ 4th.
I^H, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NKAK
J-' Jones. Diseases of women and children.
HOME, A FRIEND AND"~MOTHER BCAKE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth at., Alameda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLH-A BOON TO
xV ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. I). don't delay
until 100 late, OHOOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A dvice pree^^i"V6T«le"lXwT a^sp_cT
XV ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. ate
tended to. O. W. HOWK. att'y-al-law, 860 Market.
LE. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS;
. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California st.
MJ. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-JUAW. 719
. Market st. ; advice free. '
TJ. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
« law, advice free. 24 Sixth St.. rooms 14. 15.
WW. DA VIDSON, ATTORNEY- A r-LA W, 420
. California St.. rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
L the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by MELVINA J.
DAYTON and DATUB D. DAYTON (her hus-
band), parties of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDKI B. KENT, Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated December 21st, 1893, an 1 recorded
In the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Tulare, State of California, in liber 10-of Trust
Deeds, at pages 393, and following, and in pursu-
ance of a resolution parsed on the 23d day of
April, 1896, by the Board of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation
and the bolder of the note (No. 12,687), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of (he principal sum and other turns,
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
Ing and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy -aid indebt-
edness.
vVe, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 16th day of June, A. 1). 1896 at
12 o'clock, noon, of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton. Eldrldge A Co., No. 638
Market street, in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin
of the United States, all the piece* or parcels of
land situate In the County of Tulaj-it, Stale of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In Township Twenty (20) South, Range Twenty-
four (24) East, Mount Diablo Rise and Meridian.
Of Section Twenty-three (28), the northeast
quar of the northeast quarter (NE 14 of \K 14),
and lots numbers one (1) and two (2). containing
one hundrei and forty and eighty-nine one-hun-
dri-iltlis (140.89) acres of land:
Excepting therefrom, however, a strip of land
one* hundred (100) feet wide, lying equally on each
side of the southern Pacific Railroad Company's
track constructed on said land, together with the
appurtenances.
TEIiMS of SALE.— Cash In Gold Coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed 011 the fall of the hammer: balance on de-
livery of deed: and If not so paid, unless for want
01 title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENKY C. CAMPBELL. \ -. .._...
TIIADDEUB B. KENT, ,- Trustees.
BICYCLES.
PARK CV( LERY-NEW WHSBLBTO j.ET;
1 best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Me-
All liter and Powell at. car lines. ,
OAKXAM> IiKM I I i:i. ion (SALE.
cTtT^ FURXITURK 4RO OMa. " uTsTheilu
C';i). HAAS', 408 Eleventh si., Oakland. .
EDU C ATION AL.
\r_\v v proposition IN BHORTH and
•1* writing; common writing requires an average
of 5 up or down strokes per sound, and writes 25
words per minute; therefore, if you write every
sound by one up or down stroke you may write
125 words without abbreviations. HECHI'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25), room 706, > Sprockets
building, 827 Market si- *an Francisco.
MRS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 614
Sutter: vocal music, piano, elocution; dra-
matic elocution; skirt dancing, minuet, gavotte
etc. Vocal classes Monday at 8 p. __• $1 per
month. • . ■■;.-,
TTEND 81 1 COLLEGE. 723 MARKET
su The very best individual Instruction-
-20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting and English branches, $I-
books free. '
OOKKEKPING BY' ONLY ACCOUNT-
JJ ant teaching; V& time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, OF
J- violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st. _^^ .
OOKKPNG. WRITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAM R
day A nUbt ; noclasses : $5 month. 845 Mission
p UITAIt MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
U lessons: $3 mo. MARY WKhtHaUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Maze bld..r.a7.
PaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN: MODERATE.
Melstertichaft School Languages. 122 O'F-rrell s;
RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery si.; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week an-t month.
KLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
CHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL. MINING. ME-'
0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, architectural
assay; .-slab. '64. VAN PER NAILLKN. 723 Mkt.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 MM
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modera
languages rapidly taught, write for catalogue.
V IUHTSCHOOL;UEALL v CuLI_KUE;_»
-■' Post: commercial. Khorthand. English: low net
"VIOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO- REA-'
V conablc. PROK l- 'II A Mis. 10451 „ Valencia.
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
ARE CHANCE iSKCURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post St..
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious wan-rooms at 983 Market at., opposite
Mason: bargains in different makes to save ex-
penses of removal. V. "-
I TINE ST h 1 N A Y UPRIGHT: MUST SELL.
-T 1019 Van Ness aye., corner Geary.
BEFORI BUYING SEE II A INK BROS. 1 . BUSH
JJ «fe Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices, a. l. Bancroft it co.. 324 Post st.
UPRIGHT GRAND lIARDMAN; LIKE NEW;
wonderful tone; elegant case; perfect condi-
tion; offered by private party at yourown price; a
rare opportunity; for Immediate sale. Room 10
809 .Market M.
1 ADY OBLIGED TO SACRI KICE A MAGNIFI-
JJ cent Steck piano; makeonVr. Hoom 21, 809
Market st.
C 1 LOS ING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York: just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins, $1 : 5: mandolin*, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordlocs. flutes, banjos, piccolo!)!
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY feCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckelg building.
w> IO- FINE C EKING; SCHMITZ, 16
<5?-l--O. McAllister at., next to Hlbemla Bank.
OHMEK. STECK, STKINWAY. »TATH AM
second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
«2* I OH MARSHALL UPUIGHT:SHEKWOOD
<g)lUl/. upright, sl6o. BRUEN.V'S, 228 Post.
ANNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
pianos and mnsfctil goods; -everything sold
cheap this month. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market si.
HERMAN, CLAY A CO., STEINWAY REP-
resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments; everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Butter.
A SHAW, $575; STKINWAY, $215; SQUARE,
-A. $J5: rented JE'J up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A RRIVKD-LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
■i v trade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
CIHICKEKINO.KNABF.. STECKTVOKK, BTER-
-1 ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
-.or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & son. 16 O'Farreil.
YRON MAU/Y. 308 POST ST.-SOH M ttT
Newby .V Kv»tn. BrlKI and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZlTHlc"Rs7biriJ A NKW
0 H. MULLKK. maker, alrer. _ Latham place.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJB
-TV- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
" MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS ON"BONDS?DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; interest low; private entrance: private
room n;disi reel attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ..%••.
A f ONE V LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
-'1 ■ H per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Cell.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWiiLKY. ANO
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
Market nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
ORTGAOES. LOANS ON COLLATERALS;
low rates, sylvain Saloman & C 0. ,323 Montgy
'] URECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donahue bldg, 1170 Market st.
C« 1 f\f\ TO $5000 TO LOAN ON GOOD SECUK-
«_) X\J\J ity by private party. A. L. D., box 79,
Call. '
J' OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, 33U Pine st.
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
1 bT * »D MORTGAGES: INTE RESTS IN KS-
■Lutes -.lowest rate»:no deIay. MURPHY, B2B Mrku
A DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JEWELKY. ETC
-•V Columbia Loan <fc Collateral Oftlc*, 9 Gram aye.
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
1 to $5000 on good security. i'.O.box 444, Oakland
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 21> or 3D MORTGAGED;
-M. estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room* ■■'■:<.
PAWNBROKERS.
t'imTkEAKNV ST., ROOM V— MONK V
loaned, watches, diamonds, eta; low rates: pn-
Vata rooms: elevator: pledges for gal i cheap.
' proposals.
tsroposaTs for" SU PP LI EB~FOR THE
X IVavy-yard, Mare Island, Cal.— May 7, ISf-tf.
Sealed proposals, indorsed "Proposals for Supplies
for the .Navy-yard, Mar* Inland, Cat., to be opened
June 9. 1893/' will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department, Wash-
ington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, June 9, 1806,
and publicly opened Immediately thereafter, to
furnish, at the Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal .quan-
tity of brushes, bolts, nuts, la* screws, cement,
hardware, padlocks, screws, leather, emery cloth,
Ore on pine, blocks, air port and other glasses,
gaskets, valves arid ship Chandlery. The articles
must conform to the navy standard and pass the
usual naval inspection. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to the Navy Pay Office,
San Francisco, Cal., or the Navy-yard, Mare Island,
Cal. Tie bids, all other things being equal, de-
cided by lot. The department reserves the right
to waive defects or to reject any or all bids not
deemed advantageous to the Government. ED-
WIN STEWART. Paymaster-General. U. S. N.
PRINO VALLEY WAT WORKS, 616
California street, San Francisco.— sealed bids
will be received at the Secretary's oftice of the
Spring Valley Water Works, 616 California street,
up to 12 M. on the first day of June next, for any
part of five thousand (5000) shares of the stock of
the company, in lots of not less than ten (10)
shares. ■ '
All stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the lltb day of June following,' and
must be taken and paid for on or before the 10th
of said month. -
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
five ($5) dollars per share. In gold coin or certified
check.
No bids will be entertained at less than ninety-
nine ($99) dollars per share.
By order of the Board of Trustees.
PKLHaM W. AMES, Secretary.
Ban Francisco, May 21, 1896.
PROPOSALS— -IT ATE PRISON SUPPLIES^
X Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk at State Prison. San Quentln. until lo
a. m., Saturday, the 13tb day of June, 1896, and
at the office of the clerk at State Prison, Folsom,
until 9:30 a. h., Saturday, the 20th day of June,
1896, at which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsistence si ores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other staple supplies
from July 1. 1896, to June 30. 1897, Inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which will be
furnished upon application at either of the above
offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the certified
check therein required, nor from any other
parlies than bona-flde dealers In the classes
of articles to be furnished. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified chock
upon .some well-known and responsible
LHiiking-lmuse for at least 10 per cent of Hie
■amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presi-
dent of »ald board, of his bid, conditioned that the
bidder will- enter Into a contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance as required by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rate, y. All payments made on contracts will be
paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
the schedules.
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public Interest may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or under Hit* amoun' speci-
fied. * R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. V. E__ia, Clark.
TJRoFosALSFOiI HARDWARE, PLUMBERS'
X materials, stoves, lumber, paints, olls.furnltnre,
fuel, stationery, printing, — Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, I'" open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on Wednesday, May 27, 1896, _t 8:30
o'clock p. v., for furnishing tne School Depart-
ment of the City and County of ban Francisco
during. the fiscal year 1896-97 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc., and for doing the
printing required during the same time, in accord-
ance with specifications at the office of me Board
of Education, new City Hall.
. . GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
_^___CITY REAL ESTATE.
CC.BE.MIS. #V ' Lr ' ~"~ rJ ™" J " ' " " --~~~~~~-
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of Ktanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 fret.
$450— San Carlo* Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 60x127:6 feet on Jackson at-, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet; electric road parses houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story S-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Eleeant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4ux3so. SW. cor. 19th aye. and
25th St.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms: stable and car-
riage-bouse; all in good condition; must be sold;
make otter. ■
9nnn fink BUILDING lot SITUATED
«3P_-UUI». on Fair Oats St., between Twenty-
first and Twenty-second sts. HICKOK <fe CO.,
873% Market st. .
AHEAUTY-LITTLE 1--ROOM PACIFIC
Heights home; 3,500: Vb cash; balance
$100 per month. Address S., box 62, Call Oih'ce.
IJ_"q7\7v7\ FOR SALE uJC ACCOUNT Of
«J*OUUI7. departure of owner— Fine residence
12 rooms; all modern improvements; in th? moat
beautiful part of Berkeley; near the university 5
with 1 acre of Improved grounds: superb view.
Inquire 410 Kearny St., room 10.
INE DISCOVERER WISHES a" FIRM
partner to open a group of mines; $1500
will prepare the mines for sale: $60,000 will buy
half interest. Address C. L. S., 530 Montgomery st.
ARRISON ST., NEAR 23D; RESTS FOR
$20: good bouse, 8 rooms, basement; con-
venient for 1 or 2 families: driveway outside; sta-
ble in rear; lot 26x110: $2500. 2627 Harrison su
W. COR. FOLSOM AND 21ST STS.; 95x90
Oft.; will subdivide: cheap for cash; also SW.
20th and Treat ay. ; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
a_7fVi\ DOUGLASS AND 21ST; LOT 25x
«Ir 4 vVi 130, and improvements; also 2 lots one
block from this, $375 each. Call WATSON. 865
Mission.
\\ ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
iH bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
yOKSALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
T lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms; bath; finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electrio wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller st., near btauyuu,
half block from Golden Gate Park.
<ftl /l^fl "ARE CHANCE FOR A HOME;
tPlluVi new 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, 50x50, Holly Park; small payments, same as
rent. CADE^ASSO _ CO., 512 Montgomery st.
"L/OR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,"
X just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
<_1 It^fi COTTAGB OF 4 BOOKS IN EAST
«JpJ. 4 «Jv/. Berkeley: near station; south front-
ace; street graded, sewered and macadamized;
Bower garden : terms easy.
$400— Lot 40x120: $10 down: $7 50 monthly.
$175— lot 25x135: $5 down; $3 monthly.
OH AS. A. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
a ACRES IN TOWN OF IRVINGt6n,"aLA
a m. Ua County; choice piece of garden land;
fronts on two streets: small house, barn, etc.: see
this If you want a first-class property at a bargain.
H. H. CRANE, 410 Montgomery st.
Ci(\f\ ACRE DAIRY, HOG AND WOOD RANCH:
\J\J\J v. S. patent; 1% miles from two stations. 3
from town: more than 200 acres cultivable; 40
in hay; fair house, barn, etc.; 10 springs and two
running streams of water; will carry 100 head of
stock and cm 8000 cords of cakwood: $9500: half
cash; a snap. D. H. TWINO, Sonoma City, Cal.
<Jkl OHO "OWN BUYS 100 ACRES FINE
tIPXUUU land, all in hay, near Hay wards : fare,
round trip, only 70 cents: cheapest property ever
offered; must be sold at once: price, $3000. I.
KCHARFF. 18 Post
pOUNTRV LANDS-CHEAP; EASY TERMS;
V_ Fruit and chicken ranches. Improved and unim-
proved, for sale and exchange.
Town iots: business chances; send for list.
SHAND & RIBLET. Novato, .Matin County.
8. F. office— Room 3, second floor. Mills building.
BIGGEST BARGAIN YET ! READ THIS—
175 acres tine land, beautifully situated, close
to railroad town, Alameda County; several trains
dally; this land is practically level, and well situ-
ated for subdivision iv 5 and 10-acre homes; has
abundance of water; $35 per acre buys it don't
miss this opportunity: as an investment you can
double your money In a short time. H. H.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery st.
Q9Hnn for immediate sale, block
«T_.V/U". of land containing 3 lots, 65x210
each, In town Alameda County, and embracing 3
cottages, always rented; fruits, flowers: nice home;
good school: perfect climate; cheap. H. H.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery st.
STOCK-RANCH AND GENERAL FARM, ALA-
-0 meila County; 830 acres No. 1 grass land;
abundance water; fenced and Improvements:
stock, implements, hay, etc.; price reduced to $_0
per acre, including lease 320 a' res adjoining, all
under goo* fence. H. H. CRANK, 4IO Montgomery.
( ACRES, 5 MINUTES' WALK FROM DEPOT;
• ' Suiiol, Alameda County, house, barn, etc.;
$1250. H. H. CRANK, 410 Montgomery at.
A GOOD.OLD-FASHIONKD NEW ENGLAND
farm: 390 acres richest river bottom land; all
under cultivation; 300 acres In wheat; Vvcrop goes
with sale; good house, 7 rooms, cellar; a. ilk-
house: barns; chicken-bouse; windmill; family
orchard: ornamental trees; beautiful grounds:
Stock, tools, wagons go with place; price $40 per
acre and worth today $75 : 'si value In State.
JOHN T. HALL. Alnmeda. Cal.
LEGANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER villa
and ranch at Los Gaios tor sale; furnish!
Insured for $5000: property of 1L H. DAVIS.
CHARLES COLTON, 90S Market St.
"I^OR RENT— I 3 ACRES, OK LAND 3 MILES
r N. of Petaluma: well Improved. Address C.
box 331. Petttluma, Cal.
r ANTKD— TO LEASE, SMALL RANCH
"» suitable for chicken raising In the vicinity of
Oakland or san Jose. Address, statin? rent and
full particulars, A. M., box 135, Call Office.
\\rilV PAY PROFITS OUT FOR RENT
' » when you can set a good business and a home
on these terms: $500 cash, balance *10 a month,
Interest 7 per cent? Perfect title to 7 acres fruit,
vegetable and strawberry land; 150 fruit trees,
well, force-pump, lank and horsepower; cow,
horse, wagon, 170 laying hens, 26 pigs and garbage
route for f-ed; 4 room house, furnished; price
$2200. Address Manager, box 172, Gilroy, Santa
Clara County, Cal. 1 1
flt 1 A (\f\fi 460 acr_s; very choice
Up L\J.\J\J\J. Improved land, including a fine
crop: IVi miles river frontage; 100 acres bottom,
extra fertile and worth the money alone; 3 miles
from flourishing railway town: climate excellent;
near famous springs and great health resort. Paso
Robles: this Is a rare bargain, hut must be sold In
whole or part; terms to suit purchaser; would ac-
cept $5000 residence in this city. See or address
owner, 20 O'l-arrell St.. rooms 2 and 4. 9 to 12 a.m.
ttRAAfs 320 ACRES, CONTROLLING UN-
<i^O\J\J\J. limited ratine: fine water and climate;
abundant feed and acorns; adapted to grain, fruit
and stock, especially hogs; 5 miles from flourish-
ing railway town; good road: here Is the chance of
a lifetime to get a large, profitable stock ranch,
beautifully located, for half value and easy terms;
will exchange for city or Oakland property, see
or address owner, 20 O'Farrell si., rooms 'i and 4,
9 to 12 a. m.
A A ACRES FINE LAND; HOUSE. BARN,
TV/ orchard, vineyard, wood, water, health;
Cheap. M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co., Cal.
TOOR SALE— NICE PLACE FOR CHICKEN
r ranch, 14 acres; 180 fruit trees; house 9 rooms
and bath: price, $2500; terms to suit. Address P.
O. box 75, Sonoma City, Cal.
A LAM EDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND, $35 PER
./». acre; 37 (miles from San Francisco; farmers
especially Invited to investigate. Alameda Land
Co.. 67 Chronicle building-.
PONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
M" "aRIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancbo de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, train and
vegetable land: no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 per aore; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTKR dt WHITTON. San Jose.
T ITTL- HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN 1 lit
1-i proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small bouse, etc. D. H. TWIMG, Sonoma
City. Inquire HB3 Market at- S. F. .
■ UEIU-ELEY UKAJL ESTATE.
Ql (\f\r\ SEND FOR PHOTOGRAPH" OF
t2)lv/UvJ. new modern cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; 1 block frona-Ashby station: 40-foot lot;
easy term*. M. L. WURTS, opposite Dwight way
station, Berkeley. - ..;■ .--: ■-.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
IBKRKELEYJBIOIISI - .
FOR RENT -CHOICEST LOCATION I.V
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.;. all beautifully
finished: to first-class tenant long term. See CAP-
TAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
TTIOR RENT-FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
JJ and bam; piano; $30. -014 Virginia St., near
Sbattuck aye.. Berry roan station.
1/U)R RENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OP
J l . 12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds; profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
Dwlght-way station.
"^^PERTFTO^XC^NGEr^
\\T STeSIDENCE POR 245 ACRES
'V fine land. 20 O'F-rrell St., room 4. 9t012 a. m.
X\r ANTED— SALOON OR LODGING-HOUSE
v for land. 200'Farrellat., room 4,9 to 12 a. it.
Oft HOUSES _ LOTS. FROM $1260 TO $10,000
--U5O ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 30 000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from $-00 to 3,000
2 lots. Ocean View. 60x125 COO
4 stores; 28 rooms: rent *1H>......; 25.000
H. C. DKCKEU, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth
T?XCH ANGE-COTTAOE AND LOT,TWENTY~-
second sU, near San Pablo aye.. and business
corner lot on Seventh st., Oakland, for improved
friiltjf-rm near Hay ward*. Address Store, 1548
Park St., Alameda. - '
1 9fift ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
JL-jOU water; line for cattle-raising. N.,bx.lG,CaU
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
WAN TED-STOCK OK HARDWARE. ORO-
ceries or other merchandise in exchange for
good hou«e and lot. ALDEN _ KKON EN-ERG,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
pOST MORTGAGE $2000: CAN BE
\J bought for *2500; corner lot 100x100; on a
main street; convenient to business: street mac-
adamized; sewer, stone walks, water, gas, etc.:
2VSS." fine "■ room cottage, with bath; positively
*1 500 discount If sold a: once; terms foOO cash,
w a v B _l?, ce _ O r c: am com * flrst served. J. S.
MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
ATTENTION BUILDERS— PARTIES DE-
■l\- siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage 10 call on us at once; special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans aud
spec! tications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
■II ments equal to rent; close to Frnltvale eta-
tioli: 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
/I RAND AUCTION SALE
GRAND AUCTION SALE
GRAND AUCTION BALE
Of choice IMPROVED and UNIMPROVED RES-
IDENCE PROPERTY and FINE BUSINESS
PROPERTY in
ALAMEDA
ALAMEDA
ALAMEDA
SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896, at 2 P. M., on the
grounds of the
TYLKR PROPERTY
TYLKR PROPERTY
TYLER PROPERTY
Corner Lincoln aye. and Everett st., 1 block east
of the broad-gauge depot at Park su
The entire TYLER PROPERTY consisting of 14
beautiful building lots and a fine residence con-
taining 12 rooms.
Also at the same time and place we will sell
FINE BUSINESS PROPERTY on PARK ST.,
close to broad-gauge depot; lot 42x130, «lih 2
store buildings; will pay good income: one-fourth
cash; balance, 1, 2 and 8 years at 8 per cent.
CHOICE MODERN DWELLING on Park St..
near San Jose aye., containing 6 large rooms, hath
and conservatory, handsomely frescoed, etc.; lot
47x147:10: one-half cash.
FOUR FINE BUILDING lots, corner of Rail-
road aye. and l'aru «t.: terms, one-quarter cash
balance 1, 2 and 3 years at _ per cent.
TWO DESIRABLE BUILDING L.OTS on Bland-
ing aye.. near Park St.; 50x150 each: by order of
theEncinal Building and Loan As ocia'iion: one-
quarter cash, balance In 1, 2 and 8 years at 8 per
cent. ■
THREE MODERN COTTAGE HOMES on
Eagle aye., between Union and Schiller sts • 6
rooms and bath each; lots 33:4x100; by order of
the Enclnal Building and Loan Association, one-
quarter cash, balance in 1, 2 ami 3 years at 8 per
cunt.
A VALUABLE BUSINESS LOT, situate on
Park St., corner of Enclnal aye.: a splendid op-
portunity for a profitable investment; must be
sold.
Secure catalogue and don't neglect to see the
beautiiul
TYLER PROPERTY.
TYLER PROPERTY.
TYI.KR PROPERTY.
AT PEREMPTORY AUCTION.
SATURDAY. MAY 23, AT 2 P. M..
On grounds, corner of Lincoln aye. and Everett St.,
one block east of the Park-st. broad-guuge depot,
Alameda.
FOURTEEN* ELEGANT BUILDING LOTS,
26x154. 30x154 and 32x193; select your lot be-
fore day of sale; only one-quarter cash, balance in
1, 2 and 3 ears at 8 per cent.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Real Estate Auctioneer,
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st., San Francisco.
©OOfin 5-HOOM COTTAGE; *300 CASH
<lr — O\JVJ. and $26 per month.
$2750— cottage; ?.'SO cash and $25 per
month.
$3000— 6-room house; $200 cash and $25 per
month.
If we have nothing on hand to suit, will build to
order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEON
COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Alameda.
< si9 \fll'l LOVELY NEW COTTAGE OF 6
<iir--O\JV.'. rooms; all improvements and street
work; easy terms. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.,
Alameda.
"\IARCUSE & REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
i'J and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$2200—825 taih, $20 monthly; 37 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms ami bath.
$2450— 525 cash, $22 50 monthly: 63x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $26 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
$3000— No cash; $25 monthly; 37:6x100; N\V.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
1 Open Sundays and holidays.
pOTTAGE. 4 ROOMS AND BATH. LARGE
\J lot, $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 room*, large lot, $1000 cash. THOs,
F. BAIRD, 1303 Park st.
HOUSE ; CENTRAL AYE. : MODERN
— improvements; lot 60x148; fine well; $3660;
good terms.
$7600. reduced to Beautiful home; nearly
new; 10 rooms: lot 60x141; 80-foot avenue; street
work complete.
$1950— large 5-room cottage; Alameda _ye.,
near Park st.
$750— Lot 60x200: well located.
$650— Lo: 60x180: well located.
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st., Alameda.
Homks BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-siorv
dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. H. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder. 1502 Seventh St., Alameda.
ASN AP— I F YOU WAN I' TO SEE A PRETTY
bouse look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut st*., Alameda; I
am sure If you wished to buy It will suit you, as it
Is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished; open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY, 453 Ninth st., Oakland.
©"I 7E\f\ MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
*pi. I O\J. and bath: $100 cash, $20 per month.
NO, 736.
$3600— NE. cor.: new; Brooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc.; $250 cash. $30 a month. No. 784
• 3100— $100 cash, $25 a mouth; fine 6-room cot- i
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 60b.
« 5000— Elegant new bouse: 8 rooms; must be
sold: $600 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— Snap: $150 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage: 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
$3500— New modern '--story; 7 rooms and hath:
$260 cash. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORRAL A CO.. 1432 Park Bt.. Alameda.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
}^LEOANt7HnEW. MODERNn^ROOM^COTf- '
-i tage; 40x100; $1400. F. BOEGLE, Golden
Gate station.
LTA PUNTA TRACT, THE GEM OF THE i
bay region, 900 acres subdivided: 3 miles I
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 leet, from $80 to
$-00; small deposit; easy installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. II A i;H I. 220 S:uiMii,)fst..Sttn Francisco. Cal.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
ORIENT— N E W ciiTT AG K • 5 ROOM s"; "aLL
-L modern improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. MastlcJc and
Kncinal station, Alameda.
3IAKUIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were Issued b/
the Count y Clerk's office yesterday t
T. N. Prudden and Jennie Atkinson, 35—22.
A. H. Smith and Kae A. Berkeley. 30—25.
J. V. Brennan and May E. Reilly, 28— 18.
8. M. Langero and Catherina Beriolottl, 32—23.
A. Up. and Louisa A. Luhn. 30—22.
_____ -
DIVOItCE ruiicttui.Nos.
Complaints filed:
William O'Connell against Nellie O'Connell. ■
BIRTHS— 3IAKRiA«ES — DEATHS. ,
BORN.
MELDON— In this city, May 7, 1898, to the wife
of O. F. Meldoc, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ROBERTS-CAREY— In this city, May 19, 1896,
by the Rev. Father Prendergast, William H.
Roberts and Kittle M. Carey, both of Nevada
City. Cal.
ROCKWELL— LEITH— In this city. May 81,
1b96, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Harold L.
Rockwell and Marguerite Leiih, both of San
Francisco.
EBERHARD— ADELHEID-In this City, May 17
1896, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Adolph _ber-
hard aud Knthnrina Adelbeid.
KALIN-SPARK-In this city, May 21, 1896, by
the Rev. v. s. Urmy. Frank Kalin of San liateo
and Agnes Spark of San Franoisco.
KOTTKR-ELLIS— In this city, May 20, 1896, by
the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, John L. Koiter and
Beatrice Elliabeth Ellis, both of San Francisco.
ALVES— SILVA-In thin city. May 21 1896, by
the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille. Manuel Vlctorino
Aives and Maria Silva, both of San Francisco.
_>i_l>.
A lvar°z Joseph Mills, George
Cronin. Bridget Moulthrop, J. L.
Kggers, George H. Murray, Mary
Johnson, Harold O'Keefe, Margaret
Keating, Krldget Ogter, Henry P.
Kelly. Elizabeth Payne, Lena O.
Kelly, John Pedler, Joshua N.
McDevitt, Ann Schneider, Matthew
McKenna, Teresa Smith, Captain A. W.
Malley. Mamie sieckelberg. Cieorge F.
Mlchenfelder, Dorotea Theiss, John H.
ALVAREZ— In this city, May 21, 1896, Joseph,
beloved husband of Juanlta Alvarez (nee Rod-
riguez), father of Juanita Alvarea. and brother
of the late Ralph Alvarez, a native of Mexico,
aged 2H years 5 months and 24 days.
S^Frlenas and acquaintances arc resnect-
fuily inviled to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p.m., from his ia:e resi-
dence, 1403 Kearnr street, corner Union. In-
terment Italian Cemetery.
CRONIN— In Oakland, May 22, 1896, Bridget, be-
loved wife of the late Denis Cronln, and mother
of John F., James T., Dents A.. Rober: E.. Dan
F. and the lute Daniel J. Cronin, n native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 56 years 3 months
and 26 days.
O~Friead:} and acquaintances nr» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of James L. McCarthy, 12 San Pablo avenue,
thence to the «'hurcb of Immaculate Conception
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Cem-
etery, San Francisco.
EGGERS— In this city. May 22, 1896. George H.,
beloved husband of Sophie Eggers and father of
Herman C. Eggers, Mrs. Herman Meyer, Mrs.
Theo. Hampe and Mrs. Hilmar Stephany, a na-
tive of Lagernhausen, Hanover. Oermanv, aged
<6 years 1 month and 8 days.
<fcS*-Frienas ana acquain ances ar« rasnecc-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock F. M . from his late resi-
dence, 1130 Eddy street, corner Lacuna, thence
to Masonic lem pie, corner Post and Montgom-
ery streets, where the servl.es will be held under
the auspices of Hermann Lodue No. 127, i-. and
A. M., at 2 o'clock p.m. Please omit (lowers.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In tliis-.-ity. May 21. 1896, Harold,
beloved son of Annie and tho late Olaf Johnson,
and brother of Lillie Johnson, a native of San
Francisco, aged t» months and la day*.
JK*Friend.j and aci|U»lntancps are resoec'-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of his mother, 1617 Folk street- interment
private.
KEATING-111 this city. May 21, 1896. Bridget,
beloved wife of the late Dennis Keating, aud
mother of CJ. Kent iv. Mr<. Charles O'Connor
and Mrs. M.C. Chris in, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 71 years 6 months and 11 days.
A member of the Third Older ol St. Dominic.
O~Frlenils and acnuaimanoe* nre rM
fully Invited to afend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o*olool i\ m., from her late
residence, 241 Pitta Street, thence lost. Patrick's
Church for services. Intermeut Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
KEf.LY— In this city. May 21, 1896. Elizabeth.
Kelly, a native of Ireland. a : :ea 78 years.
JJsF" Friends and acquaiiuancea ure respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIM U_Y
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from tlis par-
lors of h. F. suhr & Co.. i'_'o.» Mlsslop strae.c
near Eightn. Interment Holy Crota Cemetery.
KELLY— In Oakland, May 22. l«06, John Kelly,
beloved husband of Etty Kelly, a native of
County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 77 years.
C£~Friend4 and acquaintance.! are resncci-
fu'!y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clock p. it., from his late
residence, 958 Castro street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
services will be held, comiiicm-ing at 2 o'clock
p. vr. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
McDEVITT— In this city, May 21, 1896, Ann,
widow of the late James McDevitt, and mother
of Annie and John McDevitt, Mrs. J. Breslin
and Mrs. P. McColgan, a native of County Done-
gal, Ireland. [Boston papers please copy.]
j^The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), al 9:30 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence, 445 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem hlijh mass will be
celebrated for the repoae of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. m. luterineut Mount.
Calvary Cemetery.
McKENNA — In this city, May 22, 1896, Teresa
beloved wife of John McKenna, and mother of
Mrs. H. G. Anderson, Mrs. F. C. Chlnn, Teresa,
Agnes, John F. and Thomas D. McKenna, a na-
tive of Dundalk, County Louth, Iraland.
4y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to v.tend the funeral MONDAY,
May 25, at 8 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. P. C. Chlnn, 802 Jones
street, thence to St. Peter's l hurch. Twenty-
foiirih and Alabama streets, where a requieui
high mans wi 1 be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing al 9 a. m. Interment
Hoy Croas Cemetery.
MICHENFEI.DEK- In this city. May 20, 1896,
Dorotea. beloved wife of Henry Mlchenfelder,,
and sister-in-law of Mrs. William Danz, a native
Of New Jersey, a'4ed 35 years.
JCT~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. jc., from her late
residence, San Bruno avenue, south San Fran-
cisco, San Mateo County, interment Cj press
Lawn Cemetery.
MALLEY-In this city. May 21. 1896. Mamie, be-
loved wife of Edward Malley. daughter of Mrs. J.
Kelly, and sister pf Mrs. I. J. Hanson, a native of
.Sun i- rnnclHCO, aired 24 years.
*3"The funeral Will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence. 1357 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, wuere a solemn requiem mass
will ba celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. intermem Holy Cross
Cemetery-
MILLS— In this city, May 21. 18P6. George Mills,
a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
O~Frlends an. l acquatn:anc-e; nra resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from trie par-
lors of Beaudry <fc McAvoy, 873 Washington,
street, Oakland, Cal., thence to the Church of tiie
Immaculate Conception, on Jefferson street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where a solemn re-
quiem mvi will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.
MOUI.THROP— In this city. May 20, 1896, J. L.
Moulthrop. a native of Olsejro Couniy. New
York, aged 73 years 2 months and 20 dnvs.
tfS-Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock r. v.. at his late resi-
dence, 9*4 Dolores street. Interment private.
MURRAY— In Oakland. May 19. 1H96. -Mary
Murray, a native of County Ro.scoiuiuon, Ire-
land, aged 76 years.
jß3~Frlend3 and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to a tfnd the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday ), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from ths
Church of the I mmactilate Conception, corner
Seventh and Jefferson streets, nat»lund, where a
solemn requiem high mass will bfi celebrated for
the repose of her soul. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
O'KKEFE-In V»lle}o, Mny 21, 1890, Margaret,
relict of the late Daniel O'Keefe and mother of
Nellie O'Keefe, a native of County (avail, Ire-
land, aged 61 years.
ASTFrlends ana acquaintance* are remect-
fully invited to attend the fureral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence. Spring road, near Orphan Asylum,
thence to St. Vincent's Chuich for services at
9 a. U.
OSTER— In this cltv. May 22, 1896, Henry P
Oster, beloved husband of Hannah M. Oster and
father of Edwin J., Geors» W. and Fred J. Oster,
a native of Denmark, aged 76 years 2 months and
12 days.
JtSTlnterment private.
PAYNE— Iu this city. May 20. 1896, Lena G..
beloved wife of George W. Payne, and mother of
George F. and Viola 11. Pavne. a native of San
Francisco, aged 39 years 10 months and 17 days.
S9*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. _ from herlato resi-
dence, 1709 Stockton street. Intermeac Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
PEDLER— In this city. May 22, 1596. Joshua N.,
beloved husband of Canute Pealer, father of
Josephine, Susie and Noble Pedler, a native of
Nova Scotia, agi-d 60 years.
s< HNEIDER— In Alameda, at his residence, 2025
Clinton avenue, Matthew, beloved husband of
Margaret Schneider, and father of Jacob M.,
August A. and Lena Schneider, a native of Ger-
many, aged 51 years 1 mouth and 16 days.
S7"Frlends and acquaintances am r«sni»ct-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from his late resi-
dence. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
smith— ln this city, May 21. 1896. Captain A.
\\". Smith, beloved husband of Julia B. Smith,
:ind father of Florence M., Maude E., Leslie K.
and Violet V. smith, a native of Stockholm,
Sweden, aged 63 years.
Kg-The funeral services will take place
THIS DAY (Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. v.. at
the parlors of James Haga 1, 445 Valencia street,
between fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment
private at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STECKELMERG-In this olty, May 21. 1896,
George F.. beloved husband of Auzusta steckei-
beri;. and fa: Her of Kisa, Dora and Freda Steckel-
berg, a native of Hanover, Germany, aired 43
years. A member of Independent Rides and
Hermann Stamm No. 224, U. O. R. M.
jfiTt'rlen is and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from Saratoga
Hall, 814 Geary street, between Hyda and Lar-
kln. Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr A
Co., 1209 Mission street, near Eighth. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
THEISS— In this city, May 21. 1896. John Henry,
beloved husband of Annn M Theiss, a native of
Hess en, Germany, aged 82 years 5 months and
2 days.
*3"Frienrts ana acquaintances are retnect-
fnlly Invited to attend ihe funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 'i o'clock p. it., from Red Men's
Hall, 510 Bush street, whera services will be
held under the ausulos of Germama Stamm No.
8;<. U. O. R. M. Remains at the parlors of Theo-
dor Dlerka, H57 Missiou street, betwaen Fifth
and Sixth. Interment i. O. O. F. Cemetery,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
EverytuiUK Requisite lor Flrst-clwu Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth it.
McAVOY A CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKR*,
•• Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
1516
PADLOCKED FOR A
MINISTER'S SALARY
Rev. George E. Jackson
Wants His Stipend
Paid.
A COLORED EVANGELIST.
First African Methodist Episco
pal Zion Church in
Trouble.
WIIL BE ATTACHED TO-DAY-
Promises That Would Not Pay an
Overdue Board Bill— He Filled
Empty Pews.
The Sheriff's heavy padlocks will be very
much in evidence on the doors of the First
African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church
on Stockton street, between Clay and Sac
ramento, to-day, unless a judgment ob
tained yesterday by J. J. Raver, the col
lector, as assignee of Rev. George C. Jack
son, is satisfied.
Rev. J. P. Meacham officiated as pastor
of the church during the early part of this
year, but somehow his exnortations did
not bring congregation or revenue to the
church. Rev. Mr. Jackson happened to
be on an evangelical visit to this coast and
was invited to occupy the pulpit fora pe
riod to see whether his eloquence would not
hrinjr the sinners among the Africans of
the City to repentance. Rev. Mr. Jackson
talked long and earnestly to his erring
brethren and many were brought to con
fess their misdeeds. Sunday evening ser
vices became distinct events in the African
colony and many pews in the First African
Methodist Episcopal Zion Church that had
previously been empty were filled to their
utmost extent.
All went well in the church until March
11 last, when Rev. Mr. Jackson, after
waiting patiently for several weeks for an
agreed salary to put in an appearance,
made a demand for his pay. The trus
tees were not prepared to liquidate the
claim but made numerous promises which
the Rev. Mr. Jackson took in good faith
and continued his preaching.
Promises would not pay his board bill,
however, and he finally filed a peremptory
request for his pay. Then it was discov
ered that the church funds, owing to un
sutiicient collections, were in bad con
dition and tne amount claimed, $223 85,
was entirely unavailable.
Rev. Mr. Jackson was informed that his
claim would have to wait until the treasury
was more opulent or the trustees could in
duce the wealthy members of the congre
gation to go down into their pockets and
make up the deficiency.
Rev. Jackson, however, was not in a
waiting mood, and informed the trustees
that he must have money and at once.
No pecuniary response being forthcoming
his claim was placed in the hands of the
collector, and a suit was begun in which
the trustees were designated as first Doe,
second Doe, and so on up to the fourteenth
degree.
In the complaint the Rev. Mr. Jackson
was designated as the "spiritual pastor
and master" of the First African Metho
dist Episcopal Zion Church.
When the case came to trial before Jus
tice Groezinger yesterday the Does, first
to fourteenth, faiied to appear, and judg
ment was given by default against E.
Cooper, Charles Anderson, J. H. William
son, J. A. Hackett and ten other defend
ants Doe.
Unless the judgment is satisfied a sale
of the church property will be forced by
the victorious plaintiff.
INDIAN-HUNTERS RETURN
A Youthful Warrior Held Up
by a Lonely Knight
of the Road.
Three Boys in Search of Redskin
Scalps Strike an Unexpected
Obstacle.
The three youthful scalp-hunters who
started out on Monday last without the
knowledge or consent of their parents to
kill Indians in Southern California have
returned, sans scalos, sans arms, and are
now partaking of their meals from mantel
pieces as the result of the corporeal correc
tion received at the hands of paternal rela
tives.
The boys, the oldest of whom is 14 years
ot age, are George Seigle, Twelfth and
Howard streets; Harry Russell, Howard
street near Twelfth, and Thomas Prender
gast, 9263 i Minna street.
After their departure had been reported
to the police it was discovered that Seigle,
who recently arrived in this City from
Germany with his parents, had stolen $20
from his mother, with which the trio had
purchased three parlor rifles and a pistol
from a downtown gun store.
With what remained of the money the
boys bought tickets to San Mateo, and be
gan their tour as exterminators of the red
KEW TO-DAT.
BABIES WITH SKINS ON FIRE
', from itching »nd burning eczemaa and other
. •kin and ncalp tortures. None but parent* real-
.: Ize how these little ones suffer. To know that
a warm bath with Coticuju Boat, and ■ single
I application of CUTICUBA (ointment), the great
•kin cure, wiM in the majority of cases afford
Instant relief/permit rest and sleep, and point
to a speedy cure, and not to use them without a
j- moment's delay ia to fail In our duty. >-' ■ v
| . I Sold threucbent the world. Price, Ci-ticpba. Me t
■Boat. 15CI lUsoltent. Soc «nd »1. Poire* bsuo
Cuw. Co«r.. Sole Propt.. Boston. : ••-
-• -- " How to Cmre Skin Tortured Bibie*," fr««.
skins. Having neglected to supply them
selves with tents, cartridges and other
necessary paraphernalia, the boys were
compelled to camp under a tree in the out
skirts of San Mateo for the first night, but
they made the best of a bad bareain and
slept on their arms, in true frontier style.
In the morning Seigle. who carried a
pistol, as well as a toy rifle, started out to
forage for food for the encampment. He
had not gone very far before he met a
burly tramp plodding along the road, and
confided to him bis mission in search of
Indian scalps, and exhibited his pistol.
The weapon seemed to be just what the
knight of the road had been looking lor
for a long time, for he promptly confis
cated it and admonished the youthful
searcher for blood to go home to his
mamma and be a good boy.
Young Seigle at once returned to his
companions and reported the loss of the
most important portion of the arsenal.
After a council of war hela on empty
stomachs the boys concluded that hunting
Indians in a country where tramps abound
was not so much fun after all, and that
they would return for parental forgive
ness. ' Sympathetic strangers furnished
the funds to return them to San Fran
cisco and their fathers did the rest.
CHURCH OF THE SPIRIT.
Opening Services Tn-Morrow Directed
;i>y the Rev. Mr. Miller.
The opening services of the Evangelical
Lutheran Church of the Holy Spirit will
be held to-morrow (Whitsunday) in the
chapel, 2127 Jackson street, near Buchanan.
I iThe order of services will consist of
Sunday-school, 9:45 a. m. ; consecration
sermon by the pastor. Rev. O. C. Miller,
M.A.. at 11 a. m. ; evening service at 7:45,
sermon by the pastor on the subject of
"The Growth and Influence of the Church
of God."
The cliurch occupies a spot in an area of
thirteen blocks square that is without a
church of any kind. It is easily reached
by streetcars and transfers.
The Rookery in Which Dona Garcia la Vieja, 106 Years Old, Was Sick and Deserted. Sisters of
Charity Came to Her Rescue.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.}
ALL FOR SWEET CHARITY
Pupils of the Pacific Heights
Public School Hold a
Fair.
For a Bed in the Children's Hospital
to Be Named After the
School.
The Pacific Heights School was thronged
yesterday afternoon by the pupils and
their friends, the occasion being a charity
fair, managed by the teachers and pupils,
to raise funds with which to estaDlish a
bed at the Children's Hospital. This is
the second fair held recently at the school
in aid of this noble cause. The first fair,
held about triree weeks ago, netted in the
neighborhood of $650.
Every room in the building was thrown
open to the visitors. The whole afternoon
was one continuous round of festivities.
The whole affair was managed, without a
single disturbance, by the principal, Miss
A. M. Stincen, and her corps of able
teachers. The fortune-telling booth and
gypsy camp, in charge of Misses Noon
and Martin, was one of the most popular
booths. The raffle booth, superintended
by Miss Roberts, and the candy booth, in
charge of Miss Zweybruck, were sur
rounded by an eager throng all the after
noon.
The lemonade and chocolate booths,
under the supervision of Misses Burnham
and Bliven, were especially well patron
ized. The five icecream booths, under the
general supervision of Miss Earl, were
taxed to their utmost capacity. The fish
pond and grab-bag, under the direction of
Misses Busn and Church, were the source
of great amusement to the children. In
addition to the teachers in charge of
booths Misses Morrison, Banks, Cotrel
and Thompson were busy receiving the
visitors.
Two entertainments were given during
the afternoon by the pupils of the school.
From 2 o'clock to half-past the following
excellent programme was rendered by the
pupils of the sixth and seventh grades:
Overture Orchestra
"Aunt Tiopbranla Tabor at the Opera"
Kit« Sau ami Jlary McAuliffe
Tain Douri lie and Polish dances
l.i ml Bach man and Rita Newman
"Little Joe" Ethel Woodward
Trio "Romance"
Kddle Basthetm, Curtis Lindiey and Helen
Arnett.
Plbdo solo Laurla Swl tzer
Hkirt dance «;ussie Pfuhl
Pianu solo, '•Consolation" Helen Arnett
Cantata "The Quarrel Among the Flowers' 1
Between 4 and 4:30 o'clock the pupils of
the eighth and ninth grades rendered the
following programme in a manner that re
flected very favorably upon their abilities:
■■Shadows of Sleepy Hollow"
, • Olrls of the eighth grade
Instrumental duet .
„ •• • Ella Dutton and Beat rice X vans
Spinning song of "Puritan Maids"
_ Q lris of the eighth grade
Tableau, "The Garden of the Hesperldes"
Mabel Valle»u. Lola Wenzelberger, Ksthep
Lambert. Elsie Leale.
Orchestral selection school orchestra
"The Gypsy's Warning"
_ • "oiE by Miss (Jussle Dawson and 'tableau
Tableau, "Two strings toiler Bow"
Louise Hoffacber, Stanley Tasheira, Hor
ace Heed.
Pantomime Interpretation of "Blow, Bugle
Blow" Twelve girls from the ninth grade
Dr. Preston's Family.
The case of Dr. Walton H. Preston, charged
with failing to provide for his two children,
came up before Judge Campbell yesterday af
ternoon. There was an exciting scene in court
between Pre*ton and his wife, and finally the
Judge took them into his chambers to try to
quietly arrange their differences. Preston, after
fifteen minutes' discussion agreed to pay S'iO
a month and clothe the children, and Mrs
Preston agreed that he should sne them every
Sunday morning. There is a divorce suit
pending between the parties.
Gas Consumers' Association (the old
company), 316 Post street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1896.
BUT LA VIEJITA
WILL NOT DIE
Dona Garcia Declares That
She Will Live and
Be Happy.
SICK AND NEGLECTED.
Cadet Middleton and Two Sisti
of Charity Made Her Com
fortable.
HER FAITHFUL CAT REMAINED
The Old Woman From Guaymas, Mex .,
and One Hundred and Six Years
of an Eventful Life.
La Senora Nicolini Garcia sa/t np in bed
yesterday afternoon and greeted her sym
pathetic visitors with a smile that, with
out being a wrinkle itself, eclipsed all the
I wrinkles molded on her countenance by
! Sculptor Time during these 106 years of
her humble existence.
She was as happy as a child with a new
toy, but her new toy was new life.
For four days she had lain sick and
hungry on her humble bed in a rickety
unpaintea shanty on a terrace of Tele
graph Hill. Before that time she had
been sick lor two weeks and then she
lay unconscious for more than half a week
with not a soul to look after her, her only
J visitor being a faithful tomcat with black
fur and grayish yellow eyes who came
and rubbed his cheek against the old
woman's wrinkles, day by day, and purred
his affection into the ears of "La Viejits,"
the little old woman who came from
Quay mas forty years ago.
At the end of the four days some of the
neighbors discovered her and notified the
Salvation Army which brings the church
to the people when the peoDle will not go
to the church. Cadet Middleton, a sweet
faced lassie, visited the abode of poverty
|-and fed the swarthy little woman until she
I rallied and talked for minutes at a stretch
of her troubles. All that the cadet could
do was to smile, for the rippling, flowing
Castilian is a tongue as dead to her under
standing as the hieroglyphs of Egypt are
to a schoolboy.
Yesterday -La Viejita was happy. Two
blue-eyed Sisters of Charity, sisters of her
own faith, sat at her bedside and spoke to
her in her own tongue of the land to which
the ebbing tide of life was carrying her,
where there Is neither sorrow nor care nor
weeping nor sin, nor the sharp tooth of in
gratitude, but where the birds sing sones
of peace within the happy hearts of God's
own poor, made rich for aye with the
wealth of his infinite and eternal love.
Something of the old volcanic fire that
slumbers in the Aztec race Hashed from
the depths of the old woman's black eyes
when she told the visitors that under the
kind care and loving words of the good
sisters and others she bad gained strength
and would soon be able to take up her
work of washing and ironing white* shirts
and cooking her tortillas and fnjoles as of
yore.
"Valga me Diosl" she exclaimed, "I am
not going to die yet; now that I feel so
well. I have not liyed for those hundred
and six years past to lie down and pass
away because of a little sickness and
hunger. It litres me not to lie here a bur
den on the backs of my friends."
Her plump little hands, with rounded,
tapering fingers, clenched defiantly.
Eighty years ago, when they were soft
and smooth, they fluttered and trembled
as Ihey lay like frightened birds in the
warm palms of tne man to whom she had
given her heart. Eighty years ago, in
ola Guaymas, thofe black eyes glittered
behind the lattice an with the sheen of a
Spanish dagger as the voice of a gallant
cabellero sang the old sweet song of love.
Ay de mi ! But that was long ago. Yet
to La Viejita it seems but yesterday.
A SPIRITUAL REVIVAL
President H. D. Barrett of the
National Association
Arrives.
His Public Reception To-Night— He
Comes to Organize Western
Believers.
The spiritualists of San Francisco are
more or less agitated just now in conse
quence of the arrival among them of Har
rison D. Barrett. He come lrom Washing
ton, D. C, and is the president of the Na
tional Spiritualists' Association of the
United States. His mission is to induce
the spiritualists of the West to organize
and to persuade all societies not already
affiliated with it to join the National Asso
ciation.
President Barrett has been thirty days
in California and arrived in this City yes
terday. He took rooms at the St. Nicholas
Hotel. There he was visited last evening
by J. Cleg Wright, the brilliant orator of
the Society of Progressive Spiritualists; B.
F. Small and wife, William M. Rider, Dr.
Le H. Rin-es and other local believers.
To-night President Barrett will be given
a public reception at 110 Hayes street,
when he will give his ideas upon- the neces
sity for general and thorough organiza
tion.
His stay here will be limited to one week,
but during that time he will be kept pretty
busy, as he is scheduled for several ad
dresses at the spiritualists' convention in
Golden Gate Hall to-morrow ana Monday.
Since President Barrett left Washington
in January last he has been very active in
missionary work along the line ot his
travels. Friday evening be lectured in
Fresno and came directly to this City.
The National Spiritualists' Association
in Washington has been in existence three
years and comprises representatives from
some 200 societies scattered through the
country. It aims to promote the doctrines
of spiritualism, to cultivate fraternal feel
ings among its members, and to found
homes, schools and hospitals.
The total number of spiritualistic organi
zations in the United States is estimated
at 620. besides which there are thousands
of believers not affiliated with any organi
zation.
Granted • New Trial.
Charles Marshall, who was- convicted of
murder in the first degree at Riverside for
having shot and killed Frank Hamilton and
was sentenced to be hanged, nas been granted
a new trial by the Supreme Court. He was
taken from San Quentin yesterday by Sheriff
Johnston of Riverside and found quarters for
the night at the City Prison. Sheriff Johnston
will leave for Riverside with him this morning.
It is recorded in Japanese history that a
census of the country was taken in 281,
during the reign of Emperor Ojin, but the
figures have been lost. In 1610 toe country
had a population of 4,988,842.
GEORGE H. THOMAS POST
Arrangements Almost Complete
for Memorial Day's
Service. ,
The Regulars and the First Regi
ment, N. G. C, Will Act
as Escort.
The committee having in charge the ar
ranging of the Memorial day service for
George H. Thomas Post held a meeting at
the residence of its chairman, Captain John
Tuitte, 822 O'Farrel street, last night, and
received reports from the sub-committees
to the effect that Irving M. Scott had ac
cepted the invitation to deliver the oration
at the National Cemetery at the Presidio
on Memorial day.
The same committee reported that owing
to the absence of Charles M. Shortridge,
proprietor of Thk Call, his services could
not be obtained.
Thomas Post has abolished the offices of
grand marshal and president of the day.
The members will assemble on the
parade-grounds at the Presidio on the
morning of the 30th and place themselves
under the command of General Graham,
commandant of the Presidio post, and from
there march to the cemetery, where the
exercises will be held.
The following invitation has been mailed
to each comrade:
Headquarters Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,)
Deft, or California and Nevada, G. A. R. >
San Francisco, May 20, 1886.)
Comrade: Thin post, at the meeting of May
19, accepted the lnvit&tiou of Comrade J. A.
Cruzan, chaplain of the Department of Call
fornia and Nevada. Q. A. R., to attend memo
rial services at Plymouth Congregational
Church, on Post street, near Webster, Sunday
evening. May 24, 1896. Services at 7:45.
Comrades are requested to appear in post uni
form, black slouch military hat, with black
and gold cord, and as far as possible wear dark
clothes and white gloves, and to assemble in
the lecture-room of the church, at 7 :30 sharp,
In order to take the position assigned them.
Please extend this Invitation to your family
and'friendg.
Memorial services will, also be held by Rev.
Father Wyman, at St. Mary's Church, corner
of i Dupont • and California streets, same even
ing, and a cordial invitation is extended to
comrades to bo present.
A. J. Vinino, Commander.
H. L. Tickner, Adjutant.
In addition to the regulars stationed at
the Presidio, who will act as an escort to
the Veterans, General Warfield has issued
the following order:
The First Infantry Regiment, Colonel Wil
liam McDonald commanding. is detailed to act
as escort to George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G.
A. R., and will report to A. J. Vining. post
commander, United States Postofflce, for fur
ther instructions. ,
•—• — ♦ — •
The State Mining Journal of this date, ed
ited by James J. Robbing, contains: Latest
mining news from all parts of the State. "The
Comstock Commotion," a caustic critique on
the late rise; •■California's Mining Million
aires," together with a variety of articles in
teresting to the mining community. Office
9 Montgomery Block. ~ •
The Paper-Hangera.
The Progressive Paper-hangers' Union met
again last evening at 115 Turk street. Edward
Danforth was selected as temporary chairman
and L. A. Taylor as temporary secretary. After
discussing the best ways and means for the
elevation of the craft a committee was ap
pointed to visit all of the shops in the City and
get all of the good workmen into the union.
At the next meeting on Friday evening the
union will probably go into permanent
organization.
The Argentine republic is going to send
a team of polo players to England next
summer and much interest is expressed to
see their ponies, which are said to com
prise specimens of every kind of breed in
South America.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
SCANDAL BROODS
ON THE HOSPITAL
Supervisors Are Deter
mined on Holding an
Investigation.
MATERIALS ARE MISSING
Matron Black's Relatives Are
Boarders at the Institu
tion.
STORIES TOLD IN FIGURES.
Fewer Patients and Twice as Many
Attendants as Under Other
Regimes.
The most glaring of the many scandals
that have turned up during the adminis
tration of the present Board of Health bids
fair to develop during the investigation of
the City and County Hospital, which has
been carried on by the Finance Committee
of the Board of Supervisors for some time
past.
A few bills that did not appear to be just
right placed the guardians of the public
funds on the alert and the matter has now
grown so important that Supervisor Di
mond has been appointed a committee of
one to make a thorough investigation and
report to the committee at its next
meeting.
Not only the Superintendent, Dr. Stahle,
is involved, but also subordinate employes
who have been charged with acts that
place the institution in a bad lignt.
The Finance Committee was informed
yesterday that Mrs. Mary Black, the
matron, was housing and feeding two
daughters and a grandson at the institu
tion at the public expense, and that other
extravagances were being permitted that
were eating up the appropriation, which
has been declared by Dr. Stahle to be in
sufficient for the proper support of the
hospital.
It was also reported to the committee
that goods which had been sent to the
hospital for the use of the patients and for
the purpose of fixing up the quarters of
the internes had mysteriously disap
peared during the absence of the custodian
of the storerooms, and had failed to be
used for the purposes for which they were
intended.
These matters were so much more im
portant than the heavy poultry bills that
had at first excited the curiosity of the
committee that it was decided to look into
them at once and see how much of the
funds allotted to the institution had been
frittered away.
In order to get an idea of what the ex
penditures of the hospital should be, the
expert of the board was sent to look over
the books in the Auditor's office and com- I
pile a tabulated statement for several
years past.
The result was a great surprise to the
committee, and one that will militate
greatly against the increased appropria
tion which the Board of Health will ask
for the coming fiscal year.
The most glaring difference was between
the figures for 1886-7 and 1884-5.
During the fiscal year 1886-7 under |
Dr. Barger the average number of patients
was 411, to take care of whom 47 attend- i
ants were employed. The total cost of
running the institution for the year was
$69,564, of which $24,223 38 was "for sub
sistence.
During 1894-5, under Drs. Titus and
Stahle. the average number of patients
was 302, mere than 100 less than nnder Dr.
Barger's regime, while the number of
attendants was 96, or more than twice as
many as under the administration of
1886-7.
The cost of the last fiscal year was
$79,819, while subsistence cost $2,440 62.
The decreased number of patents is par
tially due to the fact that admission has
been refused to many on the ground that
there were not sufficient accommodations,
and the Finance Committee is wondering
bow it is that the relatives of employes can
can be boarded and lodged there while the
needy sick cannot.
The committee decided yesterday that it
was not necessary to rebuild the hospital
during the next fiscal year or provide in
the tax levy for the same, and appointed
ex-Supervisor A. F. Knorp to make an esti
mate of the amount necessary to place the
buildings in good repair and sanitary con
dition. ____^________
ABOUT SEAL FISHERIES
A Joint Commission of England
and America Is to Be
Appointed.
The Only Way to Make ioo Schooners
Quit— Mrs. Short's Work Among
the Aleuts.
Special Treasury Agent J. B. Crowley,
who is in charge of the seal islands for the
Government, who is registered at the
Occidental Hotel, yesterday received in
structions to allow the taking of no more
than 80,000 seals this year.
Indeed, the North American Company
may not take that many. It all depends
on how the seals show up at the rookeries,
so Mr. Crowley says.
"I got my instructions from Secretary
Carlisle this morning," he said, "and he
says not to let the number go over 30,000.
I won't do that, and it is owing to circum
stances how many short of that will be
taken. Maybe there won't be over 15,000.
"The seals will be two, three and four
year old bachelors, the skiiis weighing
from six to twelve pounds each. If 30,000
can be found within a reasonable extent
they will be taken. We can't tell much
about it till the seals begin to come into
the rookeries.
"The killing will begin as soon as I ar
rive in June, and will last till probably
August 10. I will sail on the North Amer
ican Company's steamer Homer to-night,
accompanied by J. Stunley Brown, the
agent of the company, and Assistant
Special Agent James Judge of Columbus,
Ohio. We will sail straight to Oonalaska,
and then in to the Pribalov islands.
"I understand, not officially, but from
friends in Washington, that there will be
some British and American commissioners
sent to the seal islands this year to study
the seals in a scientific way, with the idea
of protecting the seals in future. I have
no doubt the commission will be sent. It
will probably be a commisaion of seven
from the two countries.
"The most important other thing in
connection with the seals is the Dingley
bill, introduced by Dingley of Maine, and
which has passed the House. This bill !
gives the Government the right to go
ahead and kill all the seals, if it should
consider it best to do so.
"I think it is a good bill. The fact is
the United States has been harassed so
long by British poachers that Dingley
thought it might be a good thing to get in
and kill off all the seals that could be
found. In this way we would end the
business once and for all.
"The seals are rapidly decreasing any
way. It is a case of Uncle Sam owning
the ranch and John Bull gettirg the stock.
John doesn't own the place, but he comes
in and gets the stuff off it.
"I think probably it would be a good
idea just to wind the business up. There j
are not 200,000 seals there now altogether. ;
In the old tlays the Alaska Commercial i
Company used to take 100,000 seals every
year, but now we have got them thinned
down so that we haven't got scarcely any
more.
"There are from, 7s to 100 British schoon
ers plying about t: c sealin;?-grounds reg
ularly every season. If we killed off the
seals these schooners would have to stop
and go into some other business.
"We could let the rookeries go for proba
bly ten years, and by the end of that time
the few seals that had escaped killing
would have started them up again, and
then we could take hold of the seals and
handle them.
"I believe it is the only feasible way. I
shall stay up there till the last of Sep
tember. There are no scientists to go
along with us this time. Mrs. Short, an
elderly lady, who represents a charitable
organization in the East, is going on the
steamer to investigate the condition of the
native Aleuts at Oonalaska. She has
charge of that entire district."
Mrs. Crowley and their little daughter
went with Mr. Crowley on this trip. He
can get no word from the United States
till October, unless one of the Government
steamers should go there.
•—• — ♦ — •
Shoemaking was one of the first trades
followed by man. In primitive times, be
fore people had the least idea ot clothing
themselves, they found it advisable, or
necessary, to put something on their feet,
and the cleverest among them made ugly
coverings.
NEW TO-PAT.
Jb Gives Free
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and saucers, 3 plates,
1 vegetable dish, 1 salad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers,
3 table tumblers, butter dish,
Sugar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
5O C TEAS/ any kind,
Colima Pure Spices, .
Colima Baking Powder,
AT
Great AmericanlmportincTea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
! 1344 Market st. 146 Ninth at.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
■40 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore «t.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth at.
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3259 Mission st.
52 Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
•053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
i3i San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St., Alameda.
'Cyl 13 *" BK'.-«r?; * i^-^ (£? i
p| £*LLK}, ■ f H
! Off for a Six Months' Trip? •* |§
M - Off for a Six Months' Trip? **M
■■© 0 IL mug ffi (4
M No matter how much you arc M
\k charged for a small piece of other M
rf brands* the chew is no better than W
M "Battle Ax/ For JO cents you ®
m get almost twice as much as of .8
II other high grade goods* m
COSMOFOIjITAKT,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 103 I'ifth st., San
i rancisco, Cal The most select family hotel ia
the city. Board and room. #1, *1 25 and $1 50 par
May, according to room. Meals vise Booms, aOo
and 75c a day. ■ Free coach to and from tbe hotel.
Look for the coach bear! ng the name of the Co*-
mopolltaa Hotel. WM, iAHIiV, fropriefcu.
NEW TO-DAY.
slxsSG
SPECIALS
FOR TO-DAY.
These specials are but sam-
ples of scores of a similar sort
offered
AT CUT PRICES TO-DAY!
BOYS' WAISTS !
At 15 Cents.
150 dozen BOYS' TENNIS FLANNEL
WAISTS, sizes 4 to 12, regular price $3
. per dozen, will be closed oat. at 15c
each. V: <
VEILING ! VEILING !
At 25 Cents a Yard.
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE
DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, in
black and colors, regular price 46c.
LADIES' KID GLOW!
At 75 Cents.
2000 pairs 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
brown and tan shades, also black, reg-
ular value $1 25, will be offered at 750
a pair.
At $1.00.
1500 pairs 4-BUTTON DERBY KID
GLOVES, in tan, red. brown and Eng-
lish red shades, extra pood value for
• . $1 50, will be offered at $1 a pair.
1 LADIES' WAISTS! I
. .... -- y.---'-< r ■■■■_■ ■■.',*':
At 35 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDRIED SHIRT WAIBT,
made of fancy striped and figured ma-
terial, extra value at 60c, will be
offered at 35c. '•■•';
HOSIERY ! HOSIERY !
At 33K Cents a Pair.
100 dozen LADIES' REAL MACO COT-
TON HOSE, 4-thread, double heels,
soles and toes, black and assorted tan
shades, will be offered at 33}£c a pair,
regular price 50c.
UU Murphy Building, /
ffiartet and Jena SM&.'
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET .31.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
MiliSAaßSfl WIIiCOX COMPOUND
TANsy pills
iK.mh.«" hMllBl ' RE ' Always reliable. T»lc«
oosuostltute. For sale by all druggists. |2. 00. £nd
i CO., 2M SOUTH EIGHTH BT..I«HILADjL,]NI