VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 158.
MACHINE REPUBLICANS ARE UTTERLY ROUTED
Regularly Elected Delegates From the Fourth
District to Be Seated at
Sacramento,
KELLYISM IS RILLED
John D. Spreckefs and His
Adherents Gain a
Big Victory.
BEGINNING OF BATTLE
Opening of the Convention by the
Selection of W. E. Arthur as
Temporary Chairman.
DISTRICT DELEGATES CHOSEN
The Kelly-Mahoney Combination Is
Beaten Before the Creden
tials Committee.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— When
W. E. Arthur was appointed chairman of
the State Convention by acclamation this
afternoon Martin Kelly and Senator Ma
honey, attended by the invisible but pal
pable shade of Boss Rainey, stood
in the lobby of the big hall as forlorn a
looking pair of done-up Micawbers as ever
praced the annals of a political conven
tion or the pages of a romance.
Sadness, disgust, indignation, alarm and
that seasickness which comes from hope
nnfulfilled were written upon their coun
tenances, an.J, oh, the ingratitude of Re
publicans! Not a man went near them to
offer consolation or to speak a word of
encouragement or cheer. They had been
iugloriously beaten, beaten so badly that
if they, had been used as flails to head
wheat with they could not have presented
a more battered, bedraggled and crestfallen
appearance.
Tne ground had been wiped with them
and was not a bit cleaner for the wiping.
It was a big victory for Southern Cali
fornia. The delegations from the sunny
South said that they were sick of the stench
of KeJlyism and Raineyism in San Fran
cisco politics. They said that the odor
thereof penetrated even as far south as
Los Angeles and caused the wealthy tour
ist to grow morally sick, and that in de
fense of their glorious climate they would
be obliged to suppress it.
The victory is one which exhibits the
potency of the united delegations from
Southern California over the rule of State
bossism exercised so long by unscrupulous
politicians like Kelly and Rainey. It
came at a time when the odds of
battle seemed to be overwhelming on the
other side. It came with the suddenness
of an aerolite out of a lightning flash in a
cloud, and the enemy was not only routed,
but stunned and paralyzed.
Yesterday the Kelly people were jubi
lant and haughty. They believed that they
had the Republican party of the State by
the throat, and they declared indirectly
by their acts that no man should do poli
tics and live unless at their bidding and
under their direction. To-night there is
none so poor as to do them reverence.
The victory was also a complete one. It
■was without a contest. The Kelly side lay
down and quivered at the first blow.
There was no appeal from the decision of
the referee.
Feverish and with remittent pulse wan
the political situation this morning. It
Wfis Coombs for five minutes ana then it
was Arthur. Correspondents for evening
papers were distracted. They sent a dis
patch saying that Coombs was going to be
►. the choice of tne convention by a large
majority. Then, before it had fairly got
on the wires the report was that Arthur
was on top, and the greater part of the
morning was wasted in sending dispatches
revoking their predecessors.
At noon it came to be generally under
stood that Coombs' friends had Riven up
th c fig ht and that Arthur was to be elected
by acclamation, and from that time forth
the sound of contention ceased.
The rout of the Kelly-Rainey forces
makes it a great victory for John D.
Insurance Commissioner Uiggins Mes
merizing a Delegate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Spreckflls and bis friends and a-n assurance
for decent politics in Ban Francisco in the
future. It is especially welcome to the
honest yeomanry of the country uncon
taminated by Barbary Coast politics.
ARTHUR IS CHAIRMAN.
By Acclamation the Pasadena Man Is
Chosen to Temporarily Preside Over
the State Convention.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— lt was
2:55 when Chairman Cornwall rappea for
order. The secretary, Frank D. Ryan, was
at once instructed to call the roll. This
was done, and consisted simply of reading
the number of delegates to which each
district is entitled.
When this was completed a motion was
carried to go into the electron of tempo
rary officers.
Rev. J. S. Pittman of Los Angeles was
recognized, and spoke as follows :
"Gentlemen of the convention, I desire
to present as a candidate for the chairman
ship of this great convention a man emi
nently fitted and well qualified for so
important and honorable a position; a
man that I know and a man that many of
you know, a man coming from the south
ern part of thia State— the land of sun
shine—and I will show to you that there's
lots of sunshine in his nature. He will, I
SCENES IN THE SUPREME COURT CHAMBERS DURING THE MEETING OF THE
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
assure you, wield the gavel with courtesy,
grace, intelligence and power, and will
stand with you shoulder to shoulder this
coming fall in the great fight that is ap
proaching.
"He is a man who has always been a
Republican. He was born a Republican,
and will march with you and the other
Republicans of the country. In him we
will have a man who is for America and
Americans. A man for protection and pros
perity and a man for McKinlevof Ohio for
President. I take great pleasure in pre
senting to you the name of W. E. Arthur
of Pasadena for chairman of this conven
tion." [Applause.]
Chairman Taylor of the Alameda ap
pointed delegation seconded the nomina
tion, and Colonel H. I. Kowalsky shouted
out a motion to make the nomination
unanimous, but there was no second to his
suggestion.
Charles T. Jones of Sacramento was
recognized, and. in a few well-turned sen
tences, took Frank L. Coombs out of the
contest. He spoke as follows:
"In behalf of Sacramento, of this dele
gation and of the McKinley League of Sac
ramento, I expected to have the pleasure of
seeing a certain man placed in nomina
tion for the Presidency who would insure
the success of the Republican party. We
looked around for a man for that nomina
tion; we saw that protection was the issue
and we had our attention drawn to that
great exponent of protection, Major Mc-
Kinley of Ohio.
"Yesterday when we met and looked
over the delegations of this convention for
a suitable chairman for it we found a man
whom we thought would fill that position
with honor to ail concerned, because we
knew his ability and because we know he
is a friend of McKinley. We decided to
indorse Frank M. Coombs for chairman.
But since that time another candidate has
been put forward in the person of Mr.
Arthur. We feel that in him Mr. McKin
ley will have an equally strong supporter.
In the interests of harmony, in the name
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, MAY 6, 1896.
of McKinley and of Sacramento, I move
that Mr. Arthur's election be made by
acclamation."
The motion was carried unanimously,
and the choice was so made.
Jones of Sacramento and Taylor of Ala
meda were delegated by the chair to escort
the newly elected chairman to the plat
form. As they ascended the three or four
steps leading thereto the Los Angeles dele
gation rose in a body and started a thunder
of applause for their successful candidate.
Chairman Arthur, on taking up the
gavel, addressed the convention as fol
lows :
"Gentlemen of this convention: Such
an unexpected greeting as this can only
be considered by me to mean a desire on
the part of this convention for harmony
for protection and McKinley. I cannot and
will not attempt to take unto myself any
idea that it was your desire to pay a com
pliment to the rising Republicans by
placing a young man in charge of this
convention, or to throw something to that
south "and that never gets anything.
[Laughter.] But I take it that it is be
cause we coaae from the south, wild with
enthusiasm for our candidate, that you
have decided to select the candidate from
the south.
"This convention, it seems to me, ha«
its mind pretty well made up that it is
here for the purpose of sending del-gates
to the St. Louis convention. Its members
are known to be for McKinley, for protec
tion, and for the further purpose of taking
no chances on that question, to absolutely
pledge those delegates. I now ask for your
further pleasure."
L. L. Carothers of Mendocino moved
the appointment of a committee on cre
dentials to consist of two from each con
gressional district and one at large.
This was declared out of order, and
Jones of Sacramento submitted a reso
lution providing for the election of the
following additional temporary officers,
which was carried: Secretary, F. D. Ryan*
chief clerk, W. ±$. Thorpe; assistant clerks
J. Charles Jones, W. John Cahill, T.
Measure; serjeant-at-arms, F. T. John-
Bon; assistants— John Barrett, J. T. Staf
ford, J. L. McCord, D. L. Stewart and C
H. Todd.
Judge Gibson of San Diego moved -the
appointment of a committee of seven
11. I. Kowalsky, Carpet • Bag Colonel
From Mendocino, by the Back Fence.
on credentials. McCall declared himself
as opposed to seven men being allowed to
settle the dispute of the Fourth Congres
sional District, and moved that the com
mittee be made twenty-one.
E. F. Preston of San Mateo spoke in
favor of the smaller committee, saying:
"I hope that the convention will not
adopt the amendment to increase this
committee. Now you have elected a
chairman who you know is fair and of
good judgment, and seven Republicans
taken from the body of this convention
ought to be able to settle the dispute of
any convention."
George A. Knight asked for the floor,
annourcing himself as from Butte County.
This at once raised a laugh of derision and
elicited the remark from the chairman
tuat he recognized the gentleman, but was
unaware that he had moved.
Mr. Knight declared for the larger com
mittee and his effort was seconded by
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky, who raised an
other laugh by saying, "I am from Men
docino."
This prompted Chairman Arthur to say,
"All the men from the Bay seem to be
moving." He, too, spoke in favor of the
Committee of wenty-one.
Bradford of San Francisco was recog
nized by thechair.and poured hot shot into
the two oolonels, Knight and Kowatokv
from the interior. Mr. Bradford, casting
a glance of scorn down into the right of
the hall where the banners of Plumas
Trinity, Siskiyou, .Lassen aud Del Norte
were yetpulsating with the spent eloquence
of the proxy leaders, began his speech
with the remark that he was not there to
represent a distant county, but that he
was present as a representative of people
among whom he had lived for years and
years.
"I don't have to move to Butte," he con-
tinued with a sarcastic accent, which was
greeted with a ripple of merriment at the
expense of the proxy gentlemen with the
military titles. "I don't have to move to
Butte or to Merced, or to the orange groves
of Riverside. I come not from Mendocino
nor from Butte, but I come from the Pre
sidio heights of San Francisco, where my
house is and no man has a string on me."
Here Mr. Bradford was interrupted with
an outburst of applause. After it had
subsided he went on: "I ask you to listen
to the cries of agony of those like Kow
alsky and Knight, who having failed to win
their way to this convention at the ballot
box, have to come in by way of the coun
try with a proxy in their hands in order
that they may be seated in this conven
tion. I ask of you to select seven or nine
intelligent men to decide this question.
Nine men in the Supreme Court of this
State decide much more important ques
tions. If you appoint twenty-one it will
result in discord and disagreements over
technicalities. Seven intelligent men can
decide this question much better than a
larger number."
Mr. Bradford's remarks were greeted
with applause.
Fulweiler of Placer spoke in favor of a
large committee. He was afraid that the
chairman, notwithstanding his sagacity
and fairness, might make a mistake in ap
pointing the committee.
Frank H. Short of Fresno remarked that
a committee of fifteen would be enough,
and not too many.
Samuel M. Shortridee of San Francisco
said that he was very glad indeed that
Judge Gibson had accepted the substitute
making the number of the committee fif
teen, "and," he continued, "I wish to ask
my friends to consider the remarks, patri
otic and loyal, of my friend and your
friend and the friend of Republicanism
Judge Fulweiler. Let us make our com
mittee one of fifteen. We have a splendid
chairman from a splendid section of the
State. This body is made up of splendid
men. Ido not include myself, and fifteen
is a model number."
Middlekauf of Riverside called for the
question and the motion to have a com
mittee of fifteen was carried by accla
mation.
On motion of Flint of San Benito and
Pittman of Los Angeles the chair was
asked to appoint a committee of seven on
permanent organization and a committee
of seven on platform and resolutions.
Here a recess was taken until 4 p. v.
After recess several announcements of
meetings of delegates, to be held in the
evening, were made and Chairman Arthur
read the following list of committees:
Credentials— J. A. Gibson of San Diego,
R. S. Alexander of Mann, Andrew Simp
son of Tehama, J. M. Walling of Nevada,
P. A. Buell of San Joaquin, W. W. Phelps
of Riverside, E. F. Preston of San Fran
cisco. G. G. Ratcliffe of Santa Cruz, D. P.
Hatch of Los Angeles, Thomas L. Caroth
ers of Mendocino, E. 0. Larkin of Tulare,
C. F. Reed of Placer, H. V. Morehouse of
Santa Clara, R. C. Dale of Kern and El
wood Cooper of Santa Barbara.
Permanent Organization and Order of
Business— E. V. Spencer of Lassen, F. M.
McLauehlin of Butte, F. P. Weinman of
Solano, D. E. McKinley of Sonoma, John
A. Pintle of Los Angeles, N. Buller of
Humboldt and T. J. Alexander of Orange.
Platform and Resolutions— F. L. Coombs
of Napa, J. S. Pittman of Los Angeles,
J. F. Kidder of Nevada, J. C. Frank of San
Jose, J. T. Porter of Monterey. William
Johnston of Sacramento and J. C. Long of
San Diego.
Reed of Placer requested that he be ex
cused from serving on the committee on
credentials and his request was granted.
Rea of San Jose asked that the name of
E. D. Bowman be substituted for that of
J. C. Frank of San lose, Mr. Frank being
absent.
The convention then adjourned until 10
J o'clock to-morrow morning.
HARMONY IS THE ORDER.
Orators of the Convention Show a
Desire to Proceed Peacefully and
Expeditionsly.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— The con
vention up to date has been devoid of ex
citing scenes. No speech calculated to
evoke prolonged demonstrations of ap
plause has been made. The band played
cheerfully as the delegates assembled, and
the sight of the decorations was pleasing.
Oratory was not a feature of the short
session this afternoon. Nobody expected
Mr. Cornwall to do more than call the
delegates to order in a perfunctory man
ner. He did his duty in that style, and
did not lower the temperature of the at
mosphere more than two or three degrees.
Some eloquent talk was expected of Mr.
Arthur, the temporary chairman, but his
address on taking the chair was brief and
business-like. When George A. Knight
took the floor he assumed the attitude of
an orator about to take a long and lofty
Judge Waymire Holds Forth.
W. E. Arthur of Pasadena, Temporary Chairman of the State Convention.
flight into the realms of rhetoric, but he
didn't fly to-day. He may soar to-mor-
row.
Ed E. Preston of San Mateo will get the
attention of the convention if he cares to
do much talking. The remarks he made
to-day were happily received. Samuel
Sbortridee did not talk much, but what
little he had to say was persuasive. He
seemed to be emerging from olive orchard
bearing branches. Colonel Kowalsky "of
Mendocino" started in to be humorous,
but his humor was as far away as his
home by proxy is distant.
There came very nearly being a scene in
the First District Convention late this
afternoon. General J. F. Sheehan and
Julius Kahn of San Francisco hold proxies
in that convention. The sentiment of the
delegates of Northern California is not
favorable to the expression of a preference
for Mr. McKinley's nomination at St.
Louis, as several took strong grounds
against "bucking and gagging" honorable
men with pledges. General Sheehan in
a speech favoring ironclad instructions al
luded to some slick missionary work that
had been done against pledging for McKin
ley. Sheehan did not say on what the work
of the mission liad fallen, but this delegate
and that delegate hurled back the insinua
tion with a deal of scorn.
Judge Spencer resented the allusion in a
set speech.
The phrase "slick missionary work" be
came more and more distasteful as the
delegates dwelt on it, and was thrown
back with such a spirit of scorn and per
sonality that Matlock of Tehama, the
ready and witty chairman, had to go to
Sheehan' s rescue with the explanation
that the General meant foreign missionary
work. The incident was closed with an
all-around laugh.
Stephen F. Gage was a spectator at the
main convention at the pavilion. He
took a station near the main entrance,
quite a long distance from the space in
closed for delegates, yet he could see what
was going on. He said to one of his
friends that he was stopping at Steinman's
hotel, and seeing a car pass thought he
would ride up and look at the convention.
At the Golden Eagle to-night he is meet
ng many of his old-time acquaintances.
The little shyness which he first exhibited
ip wearing off. To his way of thinking
funding has nothing whatever to do with
a National Convention.
Peace sweet and serene dwells in the
camp of the Fifth Congressional District.
Early this morning Colonel Stone, presi
dent of the Union League Club, withdrew
from the contest against Mr. Cluff. Word
had reached Colonel Stone that people
were saying that he was using his position
as president of the club to boom his cam
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
paign, hence to check all suspicion he de
termined to withdraw. It is understood
that Colonel Stone, who has resolved to go
to St. Louis any way, will be made an alter*
nate-at-large by acclamation.
The chances of more harmony are very
promising.
SPEAR'S GRAND FIZZLE.
Tries to Start a McKinley Boom Witii
a Shout and a Banner, bat Fails
Dismally.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— Just be
fore the convention was called to order
the Fourth District Committee,- with J.
S. Spear Jr. at the head and about forty
members of the AlcKinley "push" behind,
entered the hall in solid phalanx, bearing
a Dig banner with the following inscrip
tion elaborately printed theieon:
• Fourth Congressional Committee. ':
j PLEDGED FOR McKINLEY.
: Joseph S. Spear Jb., Chairman. •
"Three cheers for McKinley," shouted
Spear with his hat in his hand.
"Hip, hip, hooray!" yelled Spear.
"Hip, hip, hooray!" roared the forty.
They were on their feet in the center of
the hall, and Mr. Spear, with a broad
smile beaming on his patriotic counte
nance, looked around for the delegates to
rise from their seats electrified and to
raise from its supports the massive roof
with a mighty shout for McKiDlev of Ohio.
Bui not a cheer responded to the shout
of the forty.
Delegates with McKinley badges ani
portraits on their breasts neither moved
in their seats nor hurrahed. They simply
turned their heads around and looked at
Mr. Spear with mild surprise, but not a
sound issued from their lip 3, not even one
glad little song of joy over Mr. Spear's
bubbling, boiling loyalty to "protection
and gold."
A few were even so brutal as to laugh,
and others snickered coarsely, totally
regardless of the lacerated feelings of that
intensely patriotic and pledged delegation
from the Fourth.
CONTESTING DELEGATES.
On Their Own Showing the Kelly-
Mahoney Crowd of Stuffers Are
Whipped at Every . Tarn.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— The Sen
ate chamber was not large enough to ac
commodate the crowd that gathered to
hear the proceedings in the contested elec
tion cases before the committee on creden
tials. Business of other committees was
practically suspended during the session
of the committee, so absorbing was the
interest felt in the matter. The chamber
looked like old times when some eloquent
Senator was on the, floor on some great
measure.
The lobbies were packed with spectators,
| for the most part composed of members
1 of the State convention, and even the
| aisles were crowded. The air was blue
with tobacco smoke, notwithstanding the
request of Janitor Govan that smoking
should not be practiced.
The committee was called to order by
Chairman Gibson of San Diego. After
the announdement that J. M. Fulweiler of
Placer had been substituted in place of
C. F. Reed, Dr. Pardee was given the floor
to make the opening argument for the
j primary delegation.
j JJDr. Pardee opened the argument for the
I delegates of the primaries with the con-
I tention that the Congressional Committee
had no right to appoint delegates to the
! State Convention. The delegation repre
i sented by him had come direct from the
i people. It had never been the custom to
j have the delegates appointed, and the
Congressional Committee had not the
i power either to call for the primaries or to
appoint delegates. He contended that the
committee did not act in accordance with
IF nk 1). Ryan Illustrates2
the instructions of the National Commit
tee and of the State Central Committee,
and had not, in accordance therewith, ap
pointed a committee of seven to call the
primaries.
The doctor then went into the history of
the primaries and of the matters that led
thereto, claiming that, in all essentials,
the law had oeen complied with, and that
it was a fair primary election, in which
about 2000 Republicans participated; the
delegates so elected met in convention and
the present delegation represented by tbe
speaker was the outcome. He repeated
that his colleagues were nearer to the peo
ple than were the contesting delegates,
because they had been created by the
people.
Hatch of Los Angeles moved that the
so-called regular delegates be allowed to
present their case on one statement, ana
that the contestants, or the primary elec
tion delegates, should have the opening
and the close. Taylor of Alameda ob
jected to the procedure. Then he went on
to say that, as well as he liked and re
spected Dr. Pardee, he would say that the
doctor had stated things that had never
occurred, or had not occurred in that way,
and that the doctor did not appear to be
well informed on the matter.
In the course of his argument Mr. Tay
lor alleged that the primaries claimed to
have been held by the contestants were a
mere pretense, and that most of the dele
gates were appointed by those who are
claiming to be entitled to seats on the
ground that the opposing delegates were
appointed and therefore not legally dele
pates. Mr. Taylor politely but firmly in
timated in the course of his argument that
the Pardee people were liars of the first
water when they said that 2000 votes had
been cast.
"Some of these men are not Republi
cans at all ; they are absolutely in rebellion
against the Republican party and should
not be recognized," continued Mr. Taylor
with considerable warmth in the neigh
borhood of the collar. Then he told of
■what Colonel yon Schmidt had said when
Taylor had asked the colonel what he
■would do in case of a mutiny aboard ship,
and he repeated the colonel's words with
tragic earnestness, "Why, sir, I would
take a revolver Jn one band and a cutlass
in the other and I would kill the muti
neers."
Mr. Taylor, during the recital of this
dramatic episode, looked as though were
he in Colonel Schmidt's place he would
not only have punished the rebels with a
revolver in bis right hand and a cutlass in
the left, but he would also have carried a
marlin spike between his teeth.
In reply to Mr. Hatch, Taylor said that
the appointments had not resulted as har
moniously as they could have wished. He
was confident, he added, that even if there
had not been any primaries he would not
have fewer tribulations to present before
the conventibn.
"I understand that in San Francisco,"
said he, "they had primaries and they are
worrying you a good deal more than we
do." This caused a general laugh.
Ex-Mayor Chapman of Oakland fol
lowed on behalf of tbe Congressional com
mittee. He asked whether the contest
ants were under tbe rule which declares
that the primaries shall be held under the
authority and control of the Congressional
Committee. The Alameda primary was
not held under that authority. It was
not a Republican primary, but a primary
under the control of Brown, Jones and
Smith.
"These gentlemen, 1 ' said he, "had no
authority. They are not such Republi
cans as you can find when you want them.
They are bolters and kickers, and they ask
you to violate the terms of the call in
order that they may gain their seats."
He charged that in a certain precinct in
Oakland fifty-six men went into a polling
place, cast their ballots, locked the doors,
and counted 200 ballots for the men who
are here without credentials.
W. R. Davies followed for the primary
election people. He alleged that five
members of the State Central Committee
voted to seat the primary delegates and
that the members voted in favor of the
appointed delegates. He spoke for the
seven who had been appointed by the Con
cressional committee and elected at the
primaries, and denied that his seven stood
by the forty delegates who were purely
the creatures of the primaries.
In reply to the charge that the primary
delegates were not good Republicans Mr.
Davies said that he knew that that re
mark did not apply to him, because he
had never walked out of a Republican con
vention in his life.
This closed the Alameda contest.
Sacramento's contest was then taken up.
Judge William Henley stated that all at
tempts to have the Sacramento County
Central Committee call primaries were fu
tile; therefore, a mass-meeting was called,
from which a committee was selected
to arrange for primaries and that at these
primaries the delegates here presented
were elected. In answer to a question by
one of the members of the committee, he
stated that the regular Congressional
Committee had issued the call virtually
permitting the County Committee to ap
point or call a primary.
At this point one of the committee sug
gested that the case be closed. This was
done; but a motion to seat the county
committee's appointees was defeated, but
more as a concession to precedent than
because of any desire to further consider
the matter.
It is a foregone conclusion that the
county committee delegates will be seated
from the Twenty-first and Twenty-second
Assembly districts of Sacramento City.
Then was called up the case of the con
testing San Francisco delegations from the
Fourth Congressional District, the con
troversy that has been one of the greatest
interest to tbe interior delegates as well as
to those directly concerned.
It was announced that Martin Stevens
and Samuel M. Shortridge would repre
sent tbe regular delegation elected on the
15th of April, and A. Ruef the Kelly-
Mahoney delegation elected on the day
preceding.
Quite an exciting episode wa3 created by
the chairman of the committee asking for
information so as to be able to designate
tbe delegates properly and avoid confusion.
J.M.Chretien suggested that the delega
tion represented by Stevens and Shortridge
be referred to as tbe one opposed to the
Kelley-Mahoney delegates.
This set loose an enthusiastic burst of
applause. It was finally decided, after
more jocular sparring, to refer to the con
testants as tbe delegations of April 14 and
April 15, respectively.
Mr. Ruef then opened the case for his
side by giving his version of the manner
in which he was elected chairman and J.
M. Maboney secretary of the Fourth Dis
trict Congressional Committee on Febru
ary 29 at the Baldwin Hotel at a meeting
called for 10 p. m., within a few hours
after tbe call for the organization of the
Congressional committees by the members
of the State Central Committee.
His "XCU6C for calling the meeting for
so late and unusual an hour was that he
had no time to attend it earlier. He
claimed that ten members of the State
Central Committee out of the eleven of
the Fourth District were present at this
meeting either in person or by proxy, and
be named the following: W. 8. Russell,
G. Melsing, I. S. Cohen, Thomas C. Duff,
William Schmadeke, J. G. Tyrell, L. C.
Hughes, J. H. Mahoney, A. Ruef and J.
Martin.
He then reviewed the entire proceedings
at this and all subsequent proceedings up
to ana including the holding of the prima
ries on the 14th, at which he claimed 7544
votes were polled.
He, of course, denounced the proceed
ings of tbe other side and claimed, among
other things, that they had no right to
delegate the arrangements for the pri
maries to the County Committee.
Then he touched a subject which came
back on him after a little intervening time
like a boomerang. He said:
"There will be brought before you cer
tain charges relative to two proxies which
it will be alleged were used without the
knowledge of the persons who were sup
posed to have given them, or were forged.
This will be none for the purpose of having
you determine whether or not the first
meeting of fie Congressional Committee
at the Baldwin was legal or not."
E. F. Pre?ton, a member of the commit
tee, here asked Ruef how many members
Delegate A. B. Lemmon From Santa
Rosa.
of the State Central Committee met when
he and Mahoney organized their Con
gressional committee.
Instead of answering this plain and
civilly asked question, Mr. Ruef, in the
conceit of his confidence, born of youth
and lack of ordinary discretion, replied :
"The gentleman appears to be enamored
of the name of Mahoney."
In an instant with a flush of insulted
dignity in his face Mr. Preston arose, and
not even deigning to glance on the indis
creet would-be wit, addressed the chair as
follows, slowly but in tones of suppressed
indication:
"Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the
Committee: I never say anything un
pleasant. It was not I that mentioned
the name of Mr. Senator Mahoney; it
was not I that mentioned the name of
Mr. Ruef; it was not I that men
tioned the name of Mr. Martin, and I
do not think that I should be subjected to
insult when asking aqnestion as a member
of this committee for the purpose of ob
taining information, as I have been just
now, without apparent cause or provoca
tion. I ask that I may be protected from
any euch contemptible action, as I have a
right to do, in the future. I ask to be pro
tected from such insults in this committee
as they would not have the manhood to
offer me on tho floor outside of this room."
All this was delivered in clear, slow
tones and scornful sentence after sentence
flowed forth. The already sallow complex
ion of the young champion of the Kelly-
Mahoney-Rainey outfit turned paler till it
assumed the ashen hue of death.
. The scathing rebuke was further empha
sized by the acclaim that its conclusion
drew from the Senate chamber.
Mr. Ruef was admonished by the chair
man not again to digress into an argument
when asked a plain question. Then in a
vain effurt to cover up the inexcusable
breach of parliamentary etiquette he had
indulged in he asked that tyr. Preston be
not allowed to tit on the committee.
His action was declared out of order,
but as a mere matter of form it was al
lowed to go on record. He was again
asked by Mr. Preston how many were
present at the Baldwin Hotel meeting,
and confessed that the minutes of the
meeting did not state this very important
fact.
At midnight Mr. Ruef took a fresh grip
and read another affidavit, wherein affiant,
M. J. Dunn, deposes that Gripman Fred
Melsing had authorized him to sign Mel
sing's name to Melsing's proxy and give it
to Jack Shaen, and that Melsing, who was
then a gripman on the railroad, had been
rewarded by Mr. BDreckels with a position
at $150 per month.
Melsing, who was present, rose in his
seat and exclaimed: "I deny emphat
ically every word of that statement made
by Dunn as false. There is not a word of
truth in it."
"Where are you working now?" askei
Ruef.
"I am not working at all."
"What have yon been doing since?"
"Nothing," replied Melsing.
"Have you received any money from
anybody?"
"None whatever." replied Mr. Melsine.
The laugh which followed stung Ruef to
the quick and turning around to those be
hind him he exclaimed, "Martin lost his
life by selling out to this State Committee.
He was shot down in the City Hall."
Ruef was interrupted by a storm of
hisses and groans, and be endeavored to
get out of the bad hole in which he had
pnt himself by saying:
"I don't mean to say that any of those
gentlemen here had anything to do with
it."
"Then, sir," said 8. M. Shortridge. * J yon
should not say wnat yon did. You should
not reflect upon any member of this con
vention in your lying statement. It is
highly improper.''
Here JacK O'Connor, who was standing
in the lobby, shouted, "Who defeated
Estee?"
"You," replied Ruef.
"No," retorted O'Connor, "it was Ma
honey who defeated him. 1 '
Chairman Gibson called the gentlemen
to order and Ruef proceeded to read sev
eral affidavits charging that Martin had
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY -6', 1896.
told thfi deponents that County Clerk
Currey bad offered him a deputyship and
$800 in cash if he would sign an affidavit
to the effect that he had not given his
proxy to Martin Kelly.
Mr. Curry appeared before the commit
tee and denounced the affidavits as tissues
of falsehoods. He explained that he and
Martin had been friends for quite a num
ber of years and when Martin was in good
circumstances.
"Mr. Martin came tome," continued
Mr. Curry, "and voluntarily told me that
his name had been used wrongly and with
out his authority; that it bad been forged,
and that he was sorry for it. The next
day or so Martin was discharged as driver
of the patrol wagon, and I told him that
ne need not suffer on thac account; that I
would give him work for the sake of old
time friendship.' •
Mr. Curry, in response to a question by
a committceman, said that Martin was a
competent clerk and was not a drunkard.
After he had made that statement he told-
Mr. Curry that he had been discharged be
cause he had made that statement.
Supervisor King of San Francisco stepped
to the front at a quarter to 1 in the morn
ing and spoke to the committee as fol
lows.
"Mr. Spreckels took all the patronage to
himself and let Martin out, but we changeJ
that after a while and I got him a situa
tion as driver of the patrol wagon at $90
per month."
M. J. Duff followed the Supervisor and
related how he had been opposed to the
use of proxies, and how Kuef nad fallen
down on him and let in all the proxies.
Duff added that he told Ruef that he
wanted him to call a meeting of the com
mittee at 850 Market street at 8 o'clock on
March 4, and that Ruef didn't want to
call the meeting, and that he (Duff) said if
Ruef didn't call it he would.
This closed the opening for the Kelly-
Rainey pretenders.
Martin Stevens then took up the case for
the delegates elected on the 15th of April.
He showed how Ruef and Mahoney
schemed to hold the meeting at the Bald
win Hotel ih the bedroom of Mahoney a
few hours after the call for Congressional
conventions was made by the State Cen
tral Committee.
At this meeting he declared a resolution
to adjourn which was defeated, according
to the minutes of the meeting as presented
b} r the other side, by a vote of 5
to 4, and he further called attention
to the fact that the resolution enjoining
the State Central Coromitteemen of the
Fourth Congressional District to select a
Congressional committee of seven to ar
range for primaries was adopted by a vote
of 5 to 4.
Then he boldly charged that two of the
votes cast against the resolution to ad
journ and In favor of the selection of a
Congressional Committee were oy persons
holding proxies fraudulently obtained.
These were the proxies of J. Martin (now
deceased) and Mr. Melsing.
In support of his charge, he filed affida
vits from each of these gentlemen attesting
to the fact that they had never delegated,
The Warden and "Aull " His Whiskers.
cither by writing or orally, any one to rep
resent them at the meeting in question,
and that their proxies there used were
forgeries.
After tbe affidavits had been read and
submitted Mr. Ruef examined the signa
tures as if he doubted their genuineness.
He was asked if he did and feigned to do
so. He was then promised an opportunity
to fully satisfy himself and the committee
on this point.
Mr. Stevens then reviewed the story of
how all the members of the State Central
Committee, with the excepiion of Ruef,
Martin and Mahoney, met subsequently
and delegated the power of arranging for
primaries to the members of the County
Committee of the Fourth Congres
sional District, and how the delegation he
represenjed was thus legally elected.
He added that Rnef, Martin and Ma
honey were repeatedly invited to be
present at their first meeting and that
they failed to appear. Then he re
lated how Melsing knew nothing
of the Baldwin Hotel meeting "until
he read of it in the morning
papers and that be then declared that his
proxy was never given to any person and
that if used at that meeting it must have
been forged. Reference was also made to
the action taken at tbe regular meeting of
the State Central Committee in nullifying
or rescinding tbe resolutions and actions
of the Baldwin Hotel fakers.
In concluding Mr. Stevens called for Mr.
Melsing, and when that gentleman ap
peared he asked him to state to the com
mittee if his signature to the affidavit
which purported to have been made by
him was not genuine, and if the matters
set forth in that document were not true.
Mr. Melsing gave a prompt assent and
then one of the committee remarked that
it appeared to him that the whole matter
devolved upon the two proxies alleged to
have been forged.
Mr. Stevens nodded assent to this and
Mr. Ruef, in a peue do-dramatic manner,
made a bold bluff by declaring that he
would rest his case on the authenticity of
the proxies in question, that is, those of
Melsing and Martin.
In making this play he gave it to be un
derstood that his side would produce the
original proxies and prove the genuine
ness of the signatures attached to them.
How h« had his hand called and how he
wriggled out of a tight place, but not into
safety by any means, is shown in the later
proceedings.
John M. Chretien argued that the
County Comm ittee was the sole judg-. of
its own membership. If Mr. Dennery had
a right to flock by himself and hold pri
maries of his own any one else could hold
primaries.
William Cluff produced a Dennery bal
lot and a regular ballot, tbe regular ballot
being of the color and size required by law
and the Dennery ballot being of a different
color and only a quarter in size.
Leon Dennery made a statement to the
effect that he was a bona-fide resident of
the Forty-first District. Mr. Cluff ex
plained that the County Committee called
a regular primary, while Mr. Dennery
called his own primary and appointed his
own election officers.
The case for the anti-Kelly-Mahoneyites
was here taken up by S. M. Shortridge,
who began by saying:
"I make these remarks regretfully be
cause I know that what is here taking
place will be known to the people of the
whole State, and unless one acts wisely
and fairly it will be known to tbe detri
ment of the t>arty which I love and will
ingly serve. I shall submit the matter as
impersonally as the bare, ugly facts will
permit."
He also reviewed the history of the two
delegations and the bodies from which
th-y claim to have received their being,
and laid particular stress on the im
portance of the forged proxies and
the fair, legal and open manner
in which tl^e primaries of bis clients
were held as compared with the methods
of the other side, where the other side
had but one polling place in the As
sembly district and resorted to a
"blanket" ballot. His clients had
two polling places and a separate
ballot for each Assembly district, and he
declared that every act of the Baldwin
Hotel star-chamber proxy-manipulators
was void by reason of the forged proxies
used alone.
In the course of his statement of tbe
case he also called attention to the fact
that the Mahoney-Keily contingent did
not issue their call for a primary until
after the regulars had issued theirs and
that they then called their primaries for
the day preceding that fixed by the regu
lars. In concluding he said:
"To my mind, the whole thing may be
stated to rest upon and does rest upon this
question, Was the action taken at the
Baldwin Hotel meeting taken legally?
That action, we claim, was wholly illegal,
null and void."
Mr. Ruef then resumed his presenta
tion of the matter, and repeated his chal
lenge made earlier by remarking : "If you
find these proxies to be forged, then throw
out the entire delegation."
He was asked if he would present the
originals for comparison with the signa
tures of those of the affidavits, and then
was forced to admii that they could not be
found.
When finally forced into a corner he de
clared that there never had been any
written proxies, but that they had been
given orally. He became denunciatory
and abusive and had to be called to order.
Mr. Alexander of the committee here
arose and brought down the house by
dryly reruarkine : "This is a matter be
| tween two gentlemen, and one can do it
nicely and the other can't."
This struck home so deeply and effec
tively that for a moment Ruef was at a
! loss, but Colonel Kowalsky was ready, in
fact too ready, to enter the fray. He got
up evidently to defend Ruef, but was sat
upon, and then threw a balance at the
committee by saying he would be heard
before the State Convention.
He ended by making a slurring remark
aimed at Mr. Alexander, who promptly
toid the doughty and wordy colonel that
he could see him at any time he desired
outside.
The contest in the Fortieth Assembly
District was submitted on papers.
The Thirty-seventh District matter was
then tasen up.
Judge "Waldheimer made his statement
on behalf of the contestants of the Thirty
seventh Assembly District. The Judge
presented several affidavits which he did
not read, out of mercy for the feelings of
the committee.
He said that for two hours hardly a vote
was cast at the polling place at the corner
of Fell and Laguna, whereas several hun
dred ballots were found in the box. In
another precinct he said that the doors
and windows were blocked and barred
against tbe entrance of contestants.
Judge Waldheimer astonished his hear
ers by the declaration that the name of
the late George R. B. Hayes was voted
seven times by one and the same person-
James Alva Watt replied by calling the
attention of the committee to tbe report
made by the Congressional Committee.
He said that the protest was signed only
Major McLaugblin Takes Refreshments.
by two of the eight candidates upon the
opposing ticket.
All the evidence that could have been
brought to bear was presented before the
Fifth District Congressional Committee,
The evidence showed that there was stuff
ing and repeating, but that the contest'
ants were represented in the primaries by
a lot of notorious Democratic ballot-box
stuffers and repeaters with a Democratic
challenger, named Jack Shea.
"If the other side did the stuffing who
did the counting?" asked a committee
man.
Mr. Watt explained that the count was
fair and that the report of the committee
would show it.
Judge Waldheimer, at 1:20 a. m., made
an impassioned speech charging Inspector
Ward with having allowed Jack Shea, a
Democrat, to vote at a Republican pri
mary.
J. T. Fields followed with an impas
sioned rive-minute speech and the case
was submitted.
The Forty-fourth District was then taken
up, the contestants being represented by
Mr. Ruef. Several affidavits as to resi
dence and other qualifications ot the con
testants were read by Leon Dennery and
others of the Forty-first District.
John £. Richards called attention to the
report of the committee. He contended
that the question of the legality of the
action of the committee in removing Mr.
Dennery could cut no figure in the case.
After further remarks from Mr. Watt
and others the committee took the matter
under advisement, and the matter of the
Thirty-third District was taken up. J.
McGary of San Francisco spoke in behalf
of the contestants, and submitted twenty
three affidavits.
At 2 a. m. the committee went into ex
ecutive session.
SURE TO BE SEATED.
Regularly Elected Delegates From the
Fourth District to Gain the
Viotorjr-
SACRAMENTO, May 6-3 A. v.— The
committee is still in session, but it is gen
erally believed that a decision will be
reached, seating the San Francisco dele
gates elected on the 15th or April.
AS TO THE PLATFORM.
Planks Will Favor Silver Coinage, Wo-
man's Suffrage and a Recogni
tion of Cuba.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— The Com
mittee on Resolutions worked nntil mid
night and then adjourned to meet early
to-morrow morning.
The platform will be as long as it was
two years ago and embrace many subjects,
It is known to-night that the committee
agreed to recommend a resolution favoring
the free and unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1. There was a long dis
cussion on the silver question, but it does
not develop that there was opposition to
free coinage of silver, but there was a wide
diversity of opinion as to the exact word
ing of the resolution and the manner of
expressing the sentiment of the commit
tee in favor of restoring silver to an equal
ity with gold in discharging public obliga
tions.
The resolution as finally worded is a
direct demand for the free and unlimited
coinage of silver.
A resolution was adopted indorsing
McKinley and directing the delegates to
be chosen by the convention to use all
honest means to secure his nomination.
The resolution in this respect is not as
strong as some of the members of the
committee sought to make it, but is even
stronger than others desired. It is regard
ed as a half-way ground between instruc
tion and emphatic expression of prefer
ence.
The woman suffrage plank goes farther
than any Republican convention in this
State has gone in favor of woman suffrage.
A plank on good roads, extolling the
benefit to the State which good highways
confer, was put in.
The recognition of Cuba and the annexa
tion of Hawaii received the attention of
the committee.
The committee to-night did not take up
the subject of funding tbe Pacific rail
roads debts. Some members say that an
anti-funding plank will be inserted before
the platform is reported to the conven
tion, others have advised against the in
troduction of the subject.
The committee agreed on a plank against
undesirable foreign immigration and for
the protection of American workingmen
against panper competition.
The improvement of the waterways of
California and National appropriations for
that purpose are recommended.
The strongest kind of a protection plank,
for protection all along the line of State
and National industries, was adopted.
The chairman of the committee was
directed to withhold from reporters and
all others the proceedings of the secret
session.
FOR WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
Miss Susan JB. Anthony Working: to Se
cure a Needed Plank in the
Platform.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— The
committee on platform and resolutions
accorded an interview during their session
this evening to Miss Susan B. Anthony
and Miss Shaw of tbe woman suffrage
movement, Mrs. Ida A. Harper of the
woman suffrage press committee, and Mrs.
Ballou and Mrs. Blinn of the Women's
Republican League Association.
In the course of her remarks Miss
Anthony attributed great praise to The
Call for the noble stand it had taken on
behalf of the disfranchised, and claimed
that a plank inserted in favor of woman
suffrage in the Republican platform
meant the absolute success of the party.
She presented a petition signed with
22,000 names which had been hurriedly
gathered, as it had not been understood by
the friends of the suffrage movement that
the convention would meet so early, and
yet she was prepared to claim that it was
the largest petition which had ever been
presented on the subject. She had fought
for the rights of her sex at the polls for
nearly fifty years, and it was fitting that
her life's work should meet success at the
hands of the grand old Republican party.
"If we are successful we may thank The
Call, because it has taken the lead in this
matter," said Mrs. Anthony.
DISTRICT DELEGATES.
Records of Those Chosen to Carry the
State* Standard to the National
Convention.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— Twelve
of fourteen district delegates from Califor
nia to the Republican National Convention
have been selected. In the First District,
Dan T. Cole is a hotel-keeper, real-estate
owner and Harbor Commissioner. A. B.
Lemmon of Santa Rosa is a Republican
editor. He was formerly a newspaper man
in Kansas, but has resided in California
long enough to be well known in this"State.
In the Second District, Grove L. John
son is a well-known lawyer and Congress
man. Jacob Neff is a miner and an old
guard Republican.
In the Third District Eli Denison is a
State Senator; A Hockheimer is a mer
chant of Willows, who stands high in the
estimation of his fellow townsmen and
others.
The Fifth District sends two^merchants,
O. A. Hale of San Jose and W. B. Cluff of
San Francisco.
The Sixth District sends Hervey Lind
NEW TO-OAT.^^
Apollinaris
NATURAL MINERAL WATER.
MALICIOUS STATEMENTS having: been disseminated
that the APOLLINARIS WATER offered for sale in San
Francisco is not the Natural product of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING in GERMANY, notice is hereby given that every
arrival of APOLLINARIS WATER is accompanied by a
CERTIFICATE from the Proprietors of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING stating that the shipment consists of Apollinaris
Natural Mineral Water, bottled at the Apollinaris Spring
near Neuenahr, Rhenish Prussia.
Such Certificates are invariably declared and sub-
scribed to by the said Proprietors in the presence of
the CONSUL of the United States of America at COLOGNE
in GERMANY, and are filed at the San Francisco Custom
House where they can at all times ;be inspected.
.4 REWARD of $1,000 will be paid for information
which will lead to the conviction of any perton or
persons ; selling spurious Apollinaris Water.
B. JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First Street, San Francisco,
Representing CHARLES GRAEF & CO., New York. . -
Sole Agents of the ATOLLINARIS COMPANY. LIMITED, LONDOB.
ley, who has been active in Southern Cali
fornia politics for several years. He is a
real-estate dealer. Thomas Field of Mon
terey is the other delegate from the Sixth.
He is a railroad contractor and is noted
for his popularity and individual energy.
The Seventh District at the Fresno con
vention selected Frank Short, an active
lawy-rof that city, and H. H. Sinclair of
Redlands. The latter is president and
general manager of the Redlands Electric
Light Company,
IN THE FIRST DISTRICT.
Dan T. Cole and A. B. Lemmon Elected
Delegates and George M. Francis
Chosen Presidential Elector.
SACRAMENTO, Cax., May s.— The
First District Congressional Convention
met at 1 o'clock and elected J. T. Matlock
of Teharna chairman and John L. Childs
of Del Norte secretary. The convention
resolved to support Frank L. Coombs for
chairman of the State Convention and
then adjourned to meet immediately after
the adjournment of the State C onvention.
At 5 o'clock the district delegates again
assembled and at once proceeded to the
work of selecting delegates to the National
Convention.
Judge Spencer nominated Dan T. Cole
of Sierra.
J. C. Mann of Uiiah nominated Allen
B. Lemmon of Santa Rosa.
Frank L. Coombs placed in nomination
George N. Francis of Napa, and spoke
hiehly of Mr. Francis' record as a war vet
eran, who marched from "Atlanta to the
sea."
Mr. Francis for the sake of harmony
withdrew his name.
Cole and Lemmon were elected unani
mously.
D. D. Dodsen moved to instruct for Mc-
Kinley.
There was some discussion on the sub
ject. Very strong expressions were used
against binding, tyiug and gagging men
and thus sending them to St. Louis with
out any liberty of action.
Mr. Sonntag moved that the convention
express its sense that McKinley is the
choice of the First District.
General Sheeban, representing a Repub
lican array up in the snow belt, said he
was for William McKinley. "We came
here to instruct for McKinley and make no
mistake," said he, "and we intend to give
such instruction."
The general spoke of some slick mis
sionary work to prevent pledging.
Judge Spencer resented the insinnation
of slick missionary work and said the
delegates already stood pledged as far as
honor could go. They knew that the will
of the people was for McKinley. There
was no sense in tying men like dogs. He
opposed the instructions.
The following resolution was then
adopted:
It is the sense of the First Congressional Dis
trict Convention that the Hon. William Mc-
Kinley is our choice for President of the
United States, and that our delegates to the
convention use all honorable means to secure
his nomination.
George M. Francis of Napa was chosen
Presidential Elector. Carothers withdrew
in his favor.
Dr. JP. R. Hovel of Humboldt and J. T.
Laird of Modoc were chosen alternate
delegates.
THE SECOND DISTRICT.
Grove I*. Johnson and Jacob Neff Chosen
Delegates aud Senator Voorhees and
Frank Ryan Alternates.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— The Sec
ond Congressional District delegates met
in the Senate Chamber and called John F.
Kidder to the chair and Frank D. Ryan to
the secretary's desk. A committee on
credentials was appointed, consisting of
Tuttle of Placer, Mcßride of Nevada, Dray
of Sacramento, Irwin of Yuba and Bell of
Butte.
The contests in the Twentieth and
Twenty-first Assembly Districts were con
sidered during a recess of the convention.
Shortly after noon the convention reas
sembled. The committee on credentials
reported that as the contesting delegations
did not file a notice of protest within the
five days specified by the Republican State
Central Committee, that they had no
standing before the committee.
Judge Walling moved that the question
be referred back to the committee on cre
dentials, with a request that the merits of
the contest be inquired into. He did not
like decisions on a technicality. He took
the position that the Republican State
Central Committee had nothing to do with
the subject.
Waiting's motion was defeated and the
report of the committee adopted.
A. L. Levinsky of Alpine was allowed an
additional proxy as a representative of Al
pine County. He therefore holds two
votes — one for the Assembly District and
the other for Alpine County,
Dray of Sacramento introduced the fol
lowing, which was adopted unanimously
by a rising vote :
Resolved, That the delegates selected by the
Second Congressional Convention of California
to the Republican National Convention to as
semble at St. Louis be and they are hereby in
structed to vote for and support William Mc-
Kinley for nomination for President of the
United States, so long as his name remains be
fore the National Convention.
Tbe convention then adjourned to meet
after the recess of the State Convention.
The Second Congressional District Con
vention met at 5 o'clock and elected as del
egates to St. Louis Grove L. Johnson and
Jacqb. Neff, and as alternates lenator Voor
hees of Amador and Frank Ryan of Sacra
mento. - I i
The friends of Voorhees riloved not to
permit Ws'wUnd^awal, although it was a
foregone conclusion that certain influences
potent in Sacramento politics were invoked"
in Johnson's behalf.
THE THIRD DISTRICT.
Denison and Hockneimer Selected
Delegates and Pond aud Long
Are the Alternates.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 5.-Tne
Third Congressional District Convention
met in the Supreme Court room at 11
a. m. J. L. Geary was elected chairman.
The fight immediately opened on the
proposition to recognize the primary del
egation from Alameda County bnt
William R. Davis, who espoused that
cause, was defeated on every proposition
presented.
The convention appointed as a commit
tee on credentials Dudley of Glenn, Archer
of Yolo, W. H. Church of Alameda
Llewellyn of Contra Costa and Pennycock
of Solano.
Davis moved that no delegate whose
seat was contested should be allowed to
vote on any question that related to his
own right to sit in the convention. This
motion was rejected and a brief recess waa
taken.
Tbe convention reassembled and adopted
a report of the committee on credentials
sustaining the appointed delegation and
rejecting tbe primary delegates.
Eli Denison of Alameda and H. Hock
heimer of Glenn were chosen as district
delegates to St. Louis. For alternates
W. R. Pond of Yolo and C. L. Long of
Hay wards were chosen.
The convention adopted resolutions in
structing the delegates to vote for William
McKinley.
THE FIFTH DISTRICT.
O. A. Hale of San Jose and 'William
Cluff of San Francisco Chosen
as Delegates.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 5. — The
Fifth Congressional District Convention
met at 1 o'clock tnis afternoon, and elected
James Alva Watts chairman and E. D.
Bowman secretary.
H. C. Dibble nominated William Cluff
of San Francisco as delegate from the
Fifth District to the National Convention
NEW TO-DA?.
"Well, Frank, what is the
matter now ? "
" Matter enough ; this last
bill for the boys' clothes is the
last straw. It's outrageous.
After this you take the boys
to Boos Bros. — they're the
people for me."
This week's inducements, all
for the boys:
Sailor Suits, In new shades,
gray and tan, with embroidered anchors on
collars, perfect fitting, ages £>•";« ;
3 to 12.... $1.
U" Zouave Suits, latest style, very
pretty and neat shades, ages --; •
3 to 8 $1 50.
Another lot of fine Reefer Suits,
with large collars, with or without binding,
newest effects In colors, acres
4 to 12 $2 50.
Long Pants Suits, ages 11 to
19, dark, medium and light shades, extra
values $6.
Sailor and Fauntleroy Blouses,
latest fads. ...50c, worth 75c.
Samples, catalogues and particulars free to
mail order customers.
fyg* g; g3ttrE>B p^'~''*l /»' ' ' 'v»s3
#>_ ff _ First # ._ Per
SsSf PS P»y't Y.eell
£l\p£r Do You Want
Jysjs&. Any Better
x?pcj|) Evidence of
Ij^O^^ What we know
X^ljl/ Waverley? •
Catalogue and Application Blank Free
This offer applies only to residents of Saa
Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda
Oakland Agency
i7thSt.*San Pablo Aye. t Reliance Bldg.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO. -
18 & 20 McAllister ML, San Francis*©
open EVCNincs
DR.WOSGWOO
Chinese Drugs «J^7N&g£|
and Tea and Herb Mr •
Sanitarium, Er 'VH
776 CLAY STKKET, A J>
Bet. Kearny and Duponc £f\M afc> S?
ban .Francisco. . I*'/ «<S^ /%
I. the undeislßncd, have \Jt \W
been cured from kidney ft jttucA •*" m
trouble, from which I|r oH V"% t J A
suffered for over 10 years, F 1 _3
by Dr. WoDg Woo. ■ Wk^V^ jjß -g|
Nov. 20, 1895. '* g&sB&SS£?Jsk^
Office hours: 9:30 to 11 W&nMßpiFfjiffiffltfa
A.K.; 1 t03. 7t09r.M. wmmmßEnwrnSSSm
D D 1 1 C UC © FOR BARBERS, BAR.
nnPlAllrX ers < bootblacks, bath-
S^lllCVlliUVl houses, billiard -tables,
brewers, bookbinders, - candy .makers, canner\ V
dyers, nourmilla, foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stabl*.
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc .
_, .__ BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 608 Sac ramentoSliin St. Louis. Mr. Dibble spoke of Mr. Cluff
a- a successful merchant, an earnest, ao
tiV.R Republican "and a gentleman in every
cense of the word. I will not call him an
.Irish-American, because he is an Ameri
can Irishman," added Mr. Dibble.
James Rea nominated O. A. Hale of San
Jose. '
On motion of E. JT. Prenton, both nomi
nations were made by acclamation.
The alternates were chosen with the
same unanimity. They are John L. Cos
ter of San Francisco and A. S. Mangrum
of S;m Jose.
On motion of Rea, it was decided to in
dorse the candidacy of Cyrus Jones as
delegate at laree.
The convention adjourned subject to the
call of the chair.
THE SIXTH DISTRICT.
McXarlilan Renntninated for Congress
and Delegates to the St. Louis
Convention Klected.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— The
Sixth District Congressional Convention
niet-at the Capitoi and transacted all its
district business in short order.
W. H. Porter was elected chairman and
Iv. W. Kenny secretary.
For delegates to St. Louis T. J. Field of
Monterey and Henry Lindley of L,os An
geles were chosen, and for alternates W.
H. Barnes of Ventura and Thomas Flynn
of Santa Barbara.
For Presidential elector Elwood Cooper
of Santa Barbara was chosen.
James McLachlan was renominated for
Congress by acclamation.
The convention appointed the following
Congressional committee: Loa Angeles,
L. G. Brown, George Woodward, J. C.
Rieves, John Kingsley, G. L. Keefer and
L. V. Youngsworth; Ventura, J. R. Wil-
Jougnby; Monterey, W. J. Hill; Santa
Barbara, J. W. Taggart ; San Luis Obispo,
Benjamin Brooks; Santa Cruz, George R,
Radcliff.
The convention adopted a resolution in
dorsing William McKinley and instruct
ing the delegates to use all possible influ
ence to secure his nomination for Presi
dent of the United Slates.
The convention adopted a resolution in
favor of the free and unlimited coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. A resolution
indorsing Lionel L. Sheldon and U. S.
Grant Jr. for delegates-at-large was unani
mously adopted.
A report was spread abroad early this
morning that Grant's name was not on
the register of voters of San Diego County.
Colonel Otis soon secured from San Diego
an explicit denial of the assertion. Grant's
name is there as a registered voter.
Roses for Reporters.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May s.— The re
porters' aesks in front of the convention
platform were decorated with La France
and tea roses in vases by Mrs. Talbot H.
Vallis. The display gave the "brains" a
blooming aspect.
POLITICS IN THE EAST,
The Feeling That Harrison Will
Enter the Race Is
Growing.
His Old Adherents to Make a Strong
Fight in the Indiana Con
vention.
INDIANAPOLIS, Im>., May s.— Nearly
all the Republican leaders of the State
have arrived here to attend the State Con
vention, which meets in Tomlinson Hall
Thursday morning. The gathering prom
ises to be one of the hottest on record.
The principal features will be the fight on
instructions between the McK'nley and
the old Harrison faction, the effort to in
duce General Harrison to address the con
vention, which is being bitterly opposed
by the MoKinleyites, the nomination of a
State tiefcet and the attempt of Charles
Fairbanks to show his strength by having
himself chosen as a delegate-at-large to
St. Louis. Fairbanks is a Senatorial can
didate and if he can land the St. Louis
honor it may be taken as an indication
that he can also land the Senatorship.
The prospect of the appearance of
General Harrison at the convention has
cent a thrill of terror into the McKinley
.f'anks. They fear that such a thing will
stampede the delegates and ruin their
chances of getting instructions for their
champion. General Harrison has been in
vited to speak, but he has not yet replied
to the invitation. The general belief is
that under the circumstances, and know
ing as he does the effect which his appear
ance in the convention ball might have,
he will decline to accept the honor.
For Governor there are thirteen candi
dates, all of whom seem to have a fair fol
lowing, with Major Doxey of Anderson
slightly in the lead.
The platform will be short, and although
there has recently been a show made on
the part of the free silver advocates, it can
be safely said that the convention will de
flare for "sound" money.
On all sides is heard talk as to the prob
ability of General Harrison's name beine
sprung at St. Louis. It is claimed that an
emergency might arise which would war
rant the use of his name, despite his
distinct and expressed wishes to the con
trary, and this is said to be one reason
why the anti-McKinley crowd will fijjht to
the death rather than permit the Indiana
delegation to be sant to St. Louis with in
structions for the Ohio man.
UNANIMOUS FOR SILVER.
South Carolina Democrats Dominated by
Senator Tillman.
COLUMBIA, S. C, May s.—Compara
tively full reports received from the Demo
cratic county conventions held yesterday
indicate that the State Contention to be
held here on the 20th will be almost unani
mous for silver, and will be dominated by
!Se:iator Tiilman. It is interesting to note
ttiat so far as heard from not a single con
vention lias indorsed Senator Tillman for
a place on the National ticket. This is
taken as an indication that his friends
think hi? best chance is in another party.
EASTERS CONVENTI ONS.
In Michigan Delegates Ar« Not Ham
pered b, f Instructions.
DETROIT, Mich., May s.— Four dele
gates to the National Republican Conven
tion at St. Louis were elected in Michigan
to-day. The Eleventh District convention
indorsed the protective policy, but did not
instruct the delegates.
The Tenth District convention was held
at Alpena, but the delegates were not in
structed.
BELLA I RE, Ohio, May s.— At the Six
teenth District Republican Congressional
convention, held here to-Jay, delegates to
the St. Louis convention were instructed
fur McKinley. Lorenzo Danford was nom
inated for Congress.
MONTICELLO, 111., May s.— The
Thirteenth Congressional District Republi
can convention was held here to-day. Con
gressman Vespasian Warner was renomi
nate l for a second term by acclamation.
The delegates to the National convention
were instructed for McKinley. They are
William H. Kratz of Monticello and
Charles G. Eckhart of Tuscola.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May s.— At the
convention of the Fifth Congressional dis
trict of Missouri, delegates to St. Louis
were instructed for MoKinley.
MARION, 111., May s.— At the conven
tion of the Twenty-second District Re
publicans held here to-day Hon. George
W. Smith of Jackson County was nomi
nated without opposition for hiß fifth term
in Congress. Resolutions indorsing Mc-
Kinley for President and instructing the
delegates to the National Convention from
this district to vote for him were adopted
with much enthusiasm.
CHICAGO, 111., May s.— The Republi
can District committee of the Fourth Con
gressional District, which met to-day to
issue a call for the district convention,
split over a resolution declaring that the
wards should not be redistricted and that
the polling places should remain the same
as they have been for the past three
elections.
As the matter now rests there will be
no contest at the primaries, but the fac
tions will each nominate a Congressman
and two delegates to the National Con
vention, where the dispute will be settled
by the Committee on Credentials.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May s.— At the Tenth
Congressional District Republican Con
vention, Hon. Richard Bartholdt was re
nominated for Congress without opposi
tion. McKinley resolutions were adopted.
In the Eleventh and Twelfth Congres
sional District conventions to nominate
delegates to the State Convention resolu
tions were also adopted in favor of Mc-
Kinley.
ST. PAUL., Minn., May s.— ln a vote of
25,500 to-day Frank B. Doran (R.) was
elected Mayor by a majority of about 2200.
Joseph J. McCardy (R.) was chosen Comp
troller by 3000 and Horst (R.) Treasurer
by 1500. The Republicans elected nine
Assemblymen and ten of the eleven Al
dermen. * The city is nominally; Demo
cratic by about 1000.
•
SILVER AND GOLD FORCES.
Democrats of Cook County Arrayed
in Battle Royal.
CHICAGO, 111., May s.— The silver and
gold forces of the Democratic party
machinery of Cook County were arrayed
against each other in a battle royal to
night at a meeting of the Cook County
Democratic Central Committee, and silver
won. The issue was not so much on the
monetary question as upon the question
of the committee's right to hold the
primaries for the county convention in the
manner the committee saw fit without in
terference on the part of the "sound
money" Democrat*, led by ex-Mayor Hop
kins and Alderman Cnllerton.
The action of the administrative county
Democratic body is a flattering triumph
for Governor Altgeld, and the probabili
ties are that he will now be the nominee
of the State Convention for Governor on a
silver platform, unless the Democratic
voters of this county declare against free
silver.
By a vote of 74 to 47 tae committee de
cided not to adopt the plan of the cold
Democrats to have the County Convention
held June 3 to elect delegates to the State
Convention, or to have the primaries held
under the Crawford law, with three super
visors, composed of three silver and three
gold members of the committee.
It was decided to hold the county con
vention May 26 and the primaries the day
before, and the appointment of judges and
clerks, the main bone of contention, will
rest with the executive committee and the
committee on primaries contests and ap
peals wherever the regular election board
clerks and judges do not serve. The silver
faction is in a big majority on both com
mittees.
A. F. A., Silver and Populists.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May s.— lt is
rumored that at the coming meeting of
the Supreme Council of the American
Protective Association a movement will
be made to tnrn the A. P. A. to the silver
party and Populists and brintr about a
grand fusion of the three bodies — silver,
Populists and A. P. A.
THE CINCINNATI CALAMITY.
No More Bodies Recovered From the Ruins.
Dead, Injured and Missing So
Far as Known.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May s.— No more
bodies were to-day removed from the ruins
of the wrecked building at 430 and 432
Walnut street, which was the scene of Jast
night's ierrifir gasoline explosion.
The dangerous condition of the adjacent
walls caused the Building Inspector to
call a halt to further operations until they
were braced. To-nighi a force of workmen
were engaged in pulling down one of the
walls and before morning the work of
digging for more bo-lies will be resumed.
Folio win;; is a complete list of the dead,
injured and missing so far as known :
Dead — Rollin A. Davis of the Columbia
Carriage Company. Hamilton, Ohio;
Adolph Drach, proprietor of the saloon;
Felicia Drach, his five-year-old daughter;
C. S. Wells, 46 Harrison street; Ella Sin
gleton of Zanesville, domestic in Drach's
family; Mamie Kennedy, domestic in
Fey's family.
Injured— Willnrd E. Cook, Emil Drach,
Olga Drach, H. E. Hunwick, Peter Burns,
Charles Spilley, Kidney W. Johnson, John
McCarthy, Barbara Huddselman, Joseph
Spricgs and J. B. Ward of Toledo.
Missing— Lightfoot of Newport, and un
known man, said to have entered Drach's
saloon a few minutes before the explosion ;
William Laut, barkeeper; Barbara Stein
kamp, Louis Fisdick, John McGarvev, C.
F. Andress, John Beers, James Grunt'and
William Carr.
All the victims of the wreck who are at
the hospital are resting easy, except John
McCarthy. No encouraging signs have
yet been discerned by the attending physi
cians and his death is expected to-ni^ht.
DEED OF A DESPERATE WOMAN.
Drowns Her Two Children and Herself
in Sturgeon Hay, Wisconsin.
STURGEON BAY. Wig., May 5-Mrs.
F. X. Sailor, the wife of a business man,
last night drowned her two children and
then committed suicide by the same
method. The woman had gone to the bay
shore, a distance of three miles from here,
and had evidently walked out into the
bay with her children and held them
under the water until life was extinct
after which she lay down and deliberately
suffered herself to drown. '
A n-herman discovered the bodies float
ing to the water and immediately reported
the matter to the city authorities, who
went to the scene. They found the chil
dren, aged 2 and 4 years, upon the shore,
while the mother's body was out about
eixur feet.
Mrs. Sailor was about 25 years of nae,
and was the fourth wiie of her husband!
and from all reports the couple had not
been living happily for a year or so past.
Mr. Sailor owns a business block here and
hud until recently been engaged in the
furniture business.
Prince Wods Princess.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark, May 5 —
Princess Louise, eldest daughter of Crown
Prince Frederick, and Prince Frederick of
of Scbaumbure-Lippe were married this
evening at the Amalienborg Palace in the
presence of the King and Queen and a
large number of relatives.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
LIVELY SESSION
OF THE SENATE.
Hill and Pettigrew Discuss
the Peffer Bond Res
olution.
AN UNFINISHED SET-TO.
The New York Senator Sharply
Criticizes the Proposed
Investigation.
FRAUD IS CHARGED IN REPLY.
An Intimation That the Secretary of
the Treasury Has Profited by
the Deal.
WASHINOTON. D. C, May s.— The ses
sion of the Senate to-day was divided up
in this way: The first hour was given up
to routine morning business and to a
resolution offered by Call of Florida and
which went over till to-morrow, request
ing the President to require from the
Spanish Government fair treatment for
American citizens captured on the schoon
er Competitor; the next hour to a consid
eration of the river and harbor appropria
tion bill; the next three hours to speeches
by Hill of New York against the Peffer
bond resolution and by Pettijjrewof South
Dakota in favor of it, and the last hour to
pension and other bills.
After the routine morning business had
been disposed of in the Senate to-day Call
(D.) of Florida offered and asked imme
diate consideration for a resolution re
questing the President to protest against
the execution of United States citizens
capturc-d on board the schooner Competi
tor by a Spanish cruiser, and to require
and demand of the Government of Spain
that they shall not be subjected to cruel
treatment, but be held only as prisoners
of war.
The resolution was on the point of being
declared oy the Vice-President agreed to by
unanimous consent, when Wolcott(R.) of
Colorado interposed with the remark that
if the facts were as stated by Call — that
the vessel was merely carrying war mate
rial — it was the manifest duty of the Presi
dent to interfere, and it was rather unu
sual to request the President to do his
duty.
He should like to see how it looked in
print. He therefore objected and the
resolution went over until to-morrow.
The Peffer bond resolution was taken
up and Hill (D.) of New York con
tinued his argument, begun yesterday,
in opposition to it. Peffer gave notice be
fore Hill commenced his remarks that he
would ask the Senate to remain in session
to-day until the resolution should be dis
posed of.
Hill said he had been asked yesterday
why he opposed the resolution. His an
swer was that he apposed it because it was
| wholly unnecessary and uncalled for and
: would establish a most pernicious and un
wise precedent.
He wanted to protect the Senate from
I making itself ridiculous — it did that often
enough without the adoption of the reso
lution. He would not, therefore, vote for
the resolution, because such a vote would
j stigmatize him as an ignoramns, and in
his judgment every vote for it would be
an admission on the part of the Senator
giving it that he was an ignoramus. It
was a foolish, a contemptible, an absurd
j resolution. Of course, there was no law
j against it. There was no law against the
! Senate making a fool of itself if it had a
, mind to. He analyzed the various points
of the proposed inquiry, including the
authority for the issue of bonds. On that
point Hill exclaimed: "Read the statutes
and you will know. If you cannot under
stand them resign your seat."
There wa3 nothing in the Graves busi
ness, there was nothing in the whole bond
issue, that was not as clear as the sunlight
of heaven. In connection with it he read
an article from a Philadelphia newspaper,
■which he said was in favor of a "recent
Pennsylvania candidate for the Republi
can nomination for the Presidency."
[Laughter.]
As tending to bring into contempt the
practice of proposing investigations of all
subjects, Hill read a letter which he had
received, asking him to propose an in
vestigation as to the removal from office
of Governor Hughes of Arizona and a
series of resolutions got up by "The
Anti-Trust Lesion of America" of Fifth
avenue, Brooklyn, which presented, he
said, "a delightful mixture of investiga
tion of the Brooklyn bridge, Brooklyn
streets and Brooklyn highway robberies,
i ncluding a censure of myself. "
It was that sort of feeling, he said, which
Senators were truckling to. It was the
Populist sentiment. It was the clamor
against capital. It was the effort to an
tagonize men of wealth. Senators were
simply playing with fire. He also read
several financial contracts of 1876, 1877 and
1878, to show that financial syndicates
were not a modern invention, and that
although a Government loan might be
called "a popular loan," it was the capital
ists who got the bonds. He said that in
the coming campaign he wanted these Re
publican syndicate contracts to stand side
by side with the Carlisle syndicate con
tract.
Pettigrew (R.) of South Dakota asked
Hill if he would yield the floor to him to
make some remarks on the bond resolu
tion, and as Hill politely did so Pettigrew
read what he called "a history of the bond
sales of the present administration," their
object being, he said, to destroy the use of
silver as monej' and to allow certain per
sons to realize enormous profits.
Pettigrew laid much stress upon the de
faulted Graves bid for four and a half
million dollars, and on the fact that thos->
bonds had been turned over to the syndi
cate at its bid of 110 7-10, although the
"Investment Corporation of New York"
had made an offer of 114% for all the bonds
of defaulted bids. This action on the part
of the Seer tary of the Treasury, Petti
grew said, liad given a profit of $71,000 to
Morgan <fc Co., und he intimated that that
profit had been divided between the Sec
retary of the Treasury and that syndicate
of hankers.
That seemed, he said, to be the sun«,
substance and gist of the whole trans
action, which was "rotten and dishonest
and corrupt to the core." It was, there
fore, quite proper for the Senate to investi
gate it thoroughly.
Pettigrew then criticized Sherman for
his indorsement of the President and Sec
retary of the Treasury in the bonds trans
action.
Hill inquired who was more competent
to speak on that subject than the Senator
from Ohio.
"My answer would be a matter of opin
ion," Pettigrew replied. "I do not doubt
that the Senator from New York and the
Morgan syndicate will forever proclaim
that the Senator from Ohio is the best
authority that can possibly be found, so
long as he openly indorses the plunder of
the people and the robbery of the treas
ury."
The matter went over with Hill still oc
cupying the floor.
Allison (R.) of lowa inquired of Peffer
when he expected to reach a vote on the
bond resolution. Peffer thought that a
vote would surely be reached to-morrow.
Allison — Why not have unanimous con
sent to have the vote fixed for a definite
hour to-morrow ?
Hill— lt is impossible to fix a date now.
BIG STEAMER STRANDED.
On the Bar Off Highland Light, New
Jersey— Life-Savers Driven Back
by the Gale.
HIGHLAND LIGHT, N. J.. May 6.—
A large steamer has been discovered
ashore on Peaked Hill bar. The life
saving crews of High Head, Highland and
Peaked Hill stations are on the way to
her. There is an increasing easterly gale
with a rough sea.
Captain Kelly and crew of Highland
station made an unsuccessful attempt to
reach the stranded steamer. They have
just returned and report that they could
not get beyond the outer bar.
They could not make out the name of
the vessel, but Captain Kelly reports that
she is in no immediate danger, unless the
gale should increase It is believed the
steamer is the Ethelred, from Port An
tonio, Captain H. L. Hopkins.
BRIBED BY A DETECTIVE,
How Testimony Was Manufac
tured in the Pearl Bryan
Murder Trial.
Seward Makes a Full Confession and
Asks the Mercy of the
Court.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May s.— Several
witnesses were examined in the Jackson
trial this morning. With the exception
of Watchman Brinkman of the Newport
bridge the testimony adduced was unim
portant.
Brinkman's story was a contradiction of
that told by George Jackson, the colored
coachman. From 3to 4 o'clock Saturday
morning Brinkman said he and the col
lector were in the south ticket-office of the
bridge. From 4 to 5 o'clock three men
were present.
Upon cross-examination the witness ad
mitted the fact that passengers have
crossed the bridge at night without paying
fares, as Coachman Jackson says he did.
At the afternoon session the defense
closed its case wit U the deposition of E. E.
Hackc-lman, a fellow-student of Jackson
and Walling.
In rebuttal, the prosecution introduced
John W. White of Danville, Ky., and
W. L. McCarthy of Kin-sville. Ky., who
testified that Truste Br. and Detective
Sevrard were brothers-in-law.
After Witness McCarthy left the stand,
Ed Mosby, first sergeant of the Caldwell
Guards, whose deposition was introduced
by the defense a few days ago, was called.
In his deposition Moo by had sworn that
there haa been no drill of his company on
the night of the murder. On the stand he
contradicted the deposition and swore
positively that the company had drilled
that night. He also swore that he did not
.sign the deposition.
Under cross-examination by Attorney
Crawford, Mosby admitted he said in his
deposition that he did not know where
George Jackson was Friday night, Janu
ary 31.
James Smith, another deponent for the
defense, took the stand and denied his
deposition.
He had not signed it. John Lee, an
other Caldwell Guard, said the drill was
Friday night and the court-martial
Wednesday. Colonel Crawford requested
the court to hold these witnesses and
they were each put under $250 bonds.
Detective Seward to-night made a full
confession of his connection with the case
to Prosecuting Attorney Lockhart, Colonel
Nelson and Mr. Hayes, and has placed
himself at tne mercy of the court. Sew
ard has acknowledged to these attorneys
that he bribed Witness Truste to tell his
story.
THREE DEATHS BY FIRE.
Result of a Gasoline Stove Ex
plosion in a Brooklyn
Flat.
A Frantic Mother, Enveloped in
Fames, Sts Fire to Her Own
a 1a 1 d Sister's Children.
BROOKLYN, N. V., May s.— By the ex
plojion of a gasoline stove in a flat house,
at the corner of Buhrwick and Johnson
avenues, this morning three persons were
burned to death and one person seriously
injured.
Mrs. Rebecca Cohen attempted to light
a gaso'ine stove in the kitchen of her
apartments about 8:30 o'clock this morn
ing, when the stove exploded.
The woman's clothing caueht fire and
she ran to her two children — Karl, 14 months
old, and Solomon. 3 years old— and clasped
them in her arms, setting their clothes on
fire. The woman then ran across the hall
way to the apartment of her sister, Mrs.
Pastanack, screaming loudly for help.
Mrs. PastanacK endeavored to extinguish
the fire in which her sister was enveloped,
an<l in doing so her own clothing caught!
Mrs. Pastanack, with her clothing^ on
fire, ran to her two children, Solomon and
Rosie, and litted them in her arms. The
two women anrt the four children, their
clothing ablaze, then ran into the hallway.
Help soon arrived, and Mrs. Cohen was
taken to St. Caiharine's Hospital, but
died before reaching there. Mrs. Fasta
nack was found in a corner of the hallway,
and the Cohen children were found badly
burned in Mrs. Cohen's apartments. They
were token to i?t. Catharine's Hospital,
but Kari died shortly after reaching there,
It is expected thnt Solomon Cohen will
recover. The Pastanack children were re
moved to tiie hospital, but they are so
badly burned that the physicians have lit
tle hopp of saving them.
Isaac Kuscha-v, who attempted to put
out the fire, seized a sipbon bottle, which
exploded in bis hand. A piece of glass
struck him over the right eye, causing a
bad but not dangerous wound. The loss
by the tire is $100.
MILWAUKEE'S STRIKE.
Electrician*' Union Joins the Street
Jinilirny Employes.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. May 5.-There
were very few changes in the situation of
the street railway strike to-day. Al
though the electricians' union went out in
a body this morning, the streetcar com
pany managed not only to have about the
same number of cars running to-day as it
had on Monday, but also to Keep the elec
tric lamps on the public streets burning to
maintain its contract with the city. Still
the accommodation by cars was very poor,
and people preferred to walk or to use the
many bus lines established since the be
ginning of the strike.
There were some disturbances at differ
ent places, but none of them very serious.
Big crowds would yell as soon as they no
ticed a car driven by "scabs." At the
headquarters of the union everybody was
feeling confident.
It was reported late to-nieht that many
men who wer." working for the company
had quit again, and the machines of the
power-house on River street are under the
sole care of Superintendent Crawford and
his assistants, as all the hands are out.
COULDN'T STAND THE TEST.
A 5 00 -Pound Projectile Splits the 15- Inch
Armor-Plate of the Big Battle-
Ship lowa.
BETHLEHEM, Pa., May 5.-Captain
Sampson, Pprofessor Alger and other
members of the Bureau of Ordnance this
afternoon witnessed the attack by a 10-inch
gun on a 15-inch armor plate at the Beth
lehem Iron Company's proving grounds.
The plate tested represented the group
of plates for the turret of the battle-ship
lowa. It was the largest ever finished in
the country. It weighed 38 tons, was 17
feet wide, 9 feet high and 15 inches thick.
A Carpenter projectile, weighing 500
pounds, was fired from a 10-inch gun with
a charge of 154 pounds of powder, attain
ing a velocity of 1339 feet per second. The
point of impact was a little to the left and
below the center of the plate.
The projectile was shattered and the
point imbedded and welded^ in tne plate.
The plate was split across its width, while
there was a crack at the bottom.
The manner in which the plate cracked
was strange, as there was no radiating
cracks from the point of impact. The re
sult was not an entire surprise, for the
plate was originally rejected on account of
Haws noticed in one end.
The company bad confidence that the
plate would stand the test, however, and
decided to lire at it. The cracking of the
plate was the opening of internal flaws
known to have existed previously.
Under the circumstances the ordnance
otlicials did not consider it advisable to
continue the test. The company will be
permitted to present another plate to be
tested.
RED WHITECAPS.
Oklahoma Indians Notify Their Agent to
Leave the iteserrntion.
WICHITA, Kans., May 5. — The
Cheyenne an^Arspahoe Indians of Okla
homa are greatly incensed against their
agent, Captain A. E. Woodson of the Fifth
Cavalry, and at an indignation meeting
just held by all the chiefs and most prom
inent members of the tribes they decided
to give him thirty days' notice to leave
the reservation.
Bull Thunder, who is one of the princi
pal chiefs, conveyed the verdict to Wood
son in person. " The trouble has been
brewing for many montns, but the recent
discharge by Agent Woodson of Black
Coyote, who has been an In
dian policeman for many years and
for a long time chief of the Indian police,
was as a spark to dry timber; it made the
redskins furious. Black Coyote is a man
of line intelligence, powerful physique,
and for years has been 9 terror to law
breakers in that country, but almost
idolized by his people.
Among the other charges which the
Indians have against Captain Woodson is
that he and his subordinates drank to ex
cess and otherwise set a bad example be
fore the younger generation of Indians.
They appealed to Major E. J. Simpson to
act as their attorney, and he has agreed to
do so.
Already there are grave charges hang
over Captain Woodson at Washington,
and Major Simpson has iorwarded addi
tional charges, which he declares can be
fully substantiated.
SENATOR MONN IS OUT AGAIN.
Will Inquire Into Offensive Partisanship
Cases in Michigan.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 5.— A Wash
ington special says: Senator Morgan was
in his seat yesterday for ihe first time
since his recent illness.
It is his intention to make a speech
within a few days on the conduct of some
150 Postmasters and other Federal office
holders who took part in the recent Michi
gan Democratic State Convention. These
office-holders, it is claimed, have violated
the spirit and letter of the civil service re
form law.
Senator Morgan has prepared a resolu
tion of investigation which will be offered
shortly. He wants to know how so many
Postmasters were able to leave their posts
of duty without first obtaining the formal
consent of the I'ostoffice Department,
which is a prerequisite to such absence.
Senator Morgan has in his possession
several copies of an interesting circular,
sent out, it is said, either by Don M. Dick
inson or his partner, Mr." Stevenson, to
these Postmasters, urging upon them the
great necessity of securing sound-raoney
delegations to the Detroit convention, ft
also requested their presence wherever
possible.
Senator Morgan believes that a free sil
ver majority in the convention was turned
into a sound money majority. He is anx
ious to learn whether Federal otiice-hold
ers were responsible for the change.
CHASING AN ESCAPE.
Detectives in Hot Pursuit of One of the
Sleeks Murderers.
SHELTON, Nebr., May s.— George Tay
lor, one of the murderers of the Meeks
family, who escaped from the jail at Car
rollton, Mo., and who is under sentence
to be hanged, has been recognized here by
parties who claim to know the fugitive.
He has relatives living in this town,
with whom it is believed he has been hid
ing. Kansas City authorities were tele
graphed and arrived to-day. .He was
traced to Kearny, twenty miles west of
here, and a description given by parties
who saw him there tallies exactly with the
man wanted.
Rumor is that he boarded a westbound
freight train, and telegrams have been
sent to North Platte to intercept him.
Three detectives ' started west to-night on
the fast mail, and meanwhile the country
around town is being searched thoroughly.
♦ -
MADE A FALSE CLAIM
Grounds Upon Winch an Insurance
Company Won a Noted Suit.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., May s.— By the
decision of Judge Belden to-day in. the
noted suit of Mrs. Lora Perkins to col
lect insurance on the life of Miss
Lola Hawkins, the Security Mutual
Life Insurance Company is given a
verdict o:i the ground of falsehood in the
application for the policy. Mrs. Perkins
was arrested at the time on the charge of
murdering Miss Haw Kins, who died as
the result of a lamp accident, but the
Grand Jury refused to indict, it was
shown that the woman's claim to be a
sister was false.
Quern of the Biff Lakes.
ESCANABA, Mich., May s.— The new
steamer Coralia, which came here from
the Cleveland shipyard, left port this
morning with its maiden cargo, the
largest of any kind ever carried on the
lakes.
It consisted of 4860 net tons of iron ore,
end it was not loaded deep on account of
the obstructions she will have to meet.
She is the longest boat in service on the
lakes— 432 feet.
LOS ANGELES SWINDLERS
How "Judge" Carpenter and
His Accomplices Fleeced
Their Victims.
Sold Miny Bogus Labor Checks Issued
to Mythical Workers on a New
Building.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 5.-A. M.
Carpenter, leader of the time-check
swindle unearthed last night, was a
former resident of San Pedro, where he at
one time conducted a weekly newspaper
and served a t;rm as Justice of the Peace.
Since then he has been called "Judge."
For the past two years Carpenter has
been a hanger-on in this city. He has
aspired to practice law, but few were his
clients. He had an office recently with
E. P. Carmicel, architect of the Newell &
Gammon block on Broadway.
' Carpenter sold a number of bogus labor
checks to Gardner Smith, purporting to
have been issued by Frank Strange, a
pseudo contractor, \vhen Smith presented
the checks to Newell, owner of the block,
he refused to pay them. Smith then
turned the checKs over to Lawyer Rogers
to collect. The names of the workmen
were not in the directory, and the diffi
culty of finding them arose.
A day or two later Carpenter appeared at
Rogers' office with a letter Rogers had
written to Cranicle, and said that for fK)
he could get the affidavits of the several
workmen to the claims.
This he was paid. Carpenter went away,
and two days later he came buck and
wanted the certificates. Rogers' suspi
cions became aroused and he told Carpen
ter he could have them the next day.
Meanwhile he had them photographed,
and ne gave Carpenter the originals on
the latter's promise to return them.
Carpenter then called to his assistance
Frank Ham and George Mitchell. These
men appeared before different notaries
public to swear to the claims, getting the
names from the original certificates. The
three appeared at Rogers' office Saturday,
when Detective Hawley and another offi
cer gathered up the affidavits. Carpenter,
Ham and Mitchell are now in the city jail
and a complaint has been issued.
Mitchell wouid say but little this after
noon beyond admitting the confession he
made to the District Attorney last night.
He acknowledged that he had forged four
of the names received for mechanics' liens
by Smith. He also said that Ham
had forged some names. Mitchell de
clared that he had done a very foolish
thing in making the confession.
It is believed tnat other bogus time
checks will turn up now that the swindle
has been exposed. The particular item
upon which tue complaint was issued this
morning is an alleged time-check in favor
of a mythical Gus Wreen for ?6G, for work
performed on the Newell & Gammon
block. It is possible other arrests may
follow. It is not believed that the time
checks bought by Smith cover all that
have been issued and disposed of to othei
persons.
FORCED INTO A FILTHY BATH.
Hospital Attendants Arrested Upon a
Charge Made by an Invalid.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May s.— William
McKinney, an aged invalid, to-day swore
out warrants for the arrest of two of the
attendants at the County Hospital for bat
tery. McKinney is a superanuated lawyer
who claims to have practiced law in San
Francisco from 1860 to 1886, when he went
to Portland, where he was Collector of In
ternal Revenue for several years. When
tie left the Webfoot State, six years ago, he
claims to have had a fortune of $40,000,
which he has since lost through sickness.
At last he was forced to go to a public
hospital. . (
McKinney alleges that as he was pre
paring to leave the hospital to-day two of
the attendants insisted upon his taking a
bath in a filthy bathtub. He declined,
preferring to bathe somewhere else. They
seized him and tried to put him into the
tub by force. He shows numerous bruises
alleged to have been received in the
struggle. __________
PLAINT OF ALASKA TOURISTS.
Officers of the Lakme Threatened With
Violence Because of their Abuse
of Passengers.
SEATTLE, Wash., May s.— The tone of
many letters received in this city from
passpngers of the steam schooner Lakme,
now encamped on Coal Bay, indicate that
Captain Anderson, the master, and .Mr.
Wakefield, the agent, who made the round
trip, were very fortunate in not being
mobbed and thrown overboard. The most
bitter feeling prevailed from the second
day out and indignation meetings, grow
ing out of the scantiness of the radons and
other abuses, were frequent, to say nothing
of the chagrin occasioned by the action of
Agent Wakefield in landing his 235 pas
sengers on a barren shore, 150 miles short
of their destination — Six Mile Creek,
Cook's InJet.
One person wrote that subscriptions
were taken up among the passengers for
the purchase of food, which hud been
guaranteed witn the payment of fare, but
not supplied in reasonable quantity. The
vessel's acent sold pies for 25 cents each.
The trip is said to hav<* netted those hav
ing the Lakme under charter over $50C0.
MARE ISLAND NEWS.
The Flagship Philadelphia Arrives at
the Station.
VALLEJO, Cal., May s.— The United
States flagship Philadelphia arrived at the
navy-yard this morning, and on coming
up the river the yard battery saluted the
admiral's flag with nineteen guns, which
was acknowledged from tne flagship by a
salute of less number. The flagship is
now lying in the stream, ready to go into
drydock at hign tide to-morrow morning.
The Petrel came to the yard on Monday
and in a day or two the Concord is ex
pected.
The ships now in commission at the
yard are: The Philadelphia, Monadnock,
" The added pleasure of
riding a Columbia Bicy-
cle is worth every dollar
of the $ *OO a Columbia
costs/ •* <* & & <& <*
Think well of this,
*t is a unanimous verdict.
STANDARD OF THE WORLD
Art Catalogue of Columbia and Hartford
' Bicycles is free if you call.
POPE MASITICTIRHG COMPACT,
344 POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
1970 PACE ST.. NEAR STAN
Bennington, Petrel, Thetis, Albatross. In
dependence and the big tug Unadilla. The
latter will leave for San Francisco to
morrow to lake some gear and other
articles for use by the inspection officers
who go out on the trial trip of the battle
ship Oregon.
Medical Inspector George W. Wood, in
charge of the naval hospital, will leave for
Mexico to-morrow on a thirty days' leave
of absence, to visit among oldtirue friends.
TURN BULL AT SAN ANDREAS.
Placing Calaeeras Mines on thy Ex
change Call List.
BAN ANDREAS, Cal., May s.— General
Walter Turnbull, president of the Gold
Mining Exchange, is here, accompanied
by one of the mining engineers connected
with the exchange. These gentlemen have
been visiting the Edna Gold Mining Com
pany, situated three miles from this place,
which is considered one of the most prom
ising mines on the mother lode, with the
intention of placing it upon the call list of
the exchange. Although but six weeks
have elapsed since the Thorpe mine, also
on the mother lode, was placed on the
call list of the mining exchange, all the
treasury stock has been disposed of.
CARSON MINT SCANDAL.
Jury. Bribers to Be Prosecuted by the
Government.
CARSON, Nev., May s.— lt is rumored
to-day that the Government is after mort
mint bullion that is buried near Gold Hill,
Nev. Nothing authentic can be gained
from the officials. The report has gone
out that jury-bribers are the next to re
ceive attention from the Department of
i Justice. Dispatches were flying thick and
j fast between Carson and Washington all
day. Sufficient evidence " has been ' pro
cured, it is said, to convict the men who
handled the corruption money for Jones
and Heney.
♦
Sudden Death at Stocktom.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 5.— J. P. Mc
lntyre, a railroad man, died suddenly ■
while sitting in a chair in the Troy Hotal
last evening. Mclntyre came recently
from Houston, Texas, and was being kept
at the hotel by a friend, as he was without
means. He was expecting to go to work
this morning. Heart disease was the
cause of death.
Rody Found at Eureka.
EUREKA, Cal., May s.— The body of a
man, washed up by the waves, was found
to-day by an Indian on the beach. It is
supposed to be that of Captain Matheson
of the Salvation Army, drowned three
weeks ago while crossing Mad River.
- - NEW TO-DAY.
"At
Sloane's"
CURTAINS
500 Pairs. Sold Elsewhere
$3.50 per Pair, to Close at
§1.75 per Pair.
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS
CARPET
| Best Hade, 75 Cents per Yard,
I Sewed, Laid and Lined.
W. & J. Sloane & Co.,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Peal
— — — |
Leather-lined Club Itag, 13
inch........... $3.85
The same in the 15-inch size...^s 5O
DRESS SUIT CASES.
j Full stock leather, 18 inch.."...g53. 1^g
I Full stock leather, 20 inch 34 2 3
■ VALISES. • -*:-^'
lALlaftft.
! Full-grain leather, in mauve
or'tan, 20 inch......... 35. 00
Imitation alligator, 20 ln'ch.:..sS 35
ALL-LEATHER BOSTON BIGS.
Bach 500, 6Oc, 1.00.
Chamois Money Belts. SOO
Traveling Rolls, including brush/
- comb, tooth and iiail'brush....Q Jso
Unfitted Traveling Roll*, mackin-
tosh, leather trimmed...... 7*50
M akf^a/B/^ fif ' §{0 r/^
\ 888-820 MARKET ST
FOR
f& Fine Tailoring
Tc3?" Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
jjffig^ Moderate Prices,' go to ,
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
' !#| PANTS made to ordsr from $4.00
II SUITS made to order from $15.60
»j p MY $17.50 »no $35 SUITS
H|fel§j> 291 and 203 Montgomery St., cor; Bus!)
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
SAN FRANCISCO.
pHffEUflft?
4S4RNYST
TS THE VERY BJisT OXETO EXAMINE
X your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments : of his own invention,* 5
whose superiority has not, been equaled. My sao>
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to -l p. m. \
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNET-AT-
V law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1029
i'eU St. Telephone "Pino" 2591.
34
HAD PLANNED TO
CAPTURE KRUGER.
Plot of Jameson and His
British Freebooters
Exposed.
TO ANNEX THE BAND.
Were to Have Taken Pretoria
and With It Transvaal's
President.
BHODES THE PEIME MOVER.
Damaging Telegram Sent to the South
African Premier by John
Hays Hammond.
LONDON, Exo., May s.— Truth claims
to have unearthed additional details of the
conspiracy leading up to the Jameson raid,
which paints the participators in the plot
in still darker colors than have the dis
closures made by the Transvaal Govern
ment.
Truth says it is credibly informed that
President Kruger possesses evidence that
the intention of Dr. Jameson was to march
upon Pretoria first, to seize President
Kruger and then to proceed to Johannes
burg with the President as a prisoner. In
an editorial the paper dilates in still more
embittered terms on the Jameson raid.
It says:
"The main object of the raid was to
annex the rich mining district of the
Transvaal to Rhodesia. It is obvious
that the first news of the raid would cause
a fall in shares. I am prepared to prove
that a syndicate was formed just prior to
the raid, including a leading director in
and one of the chief officials of the British
Chartered South Africa Company, for the
purpose of making large bear sales.
"The seed having thus been sown for
securing a profit by the immediate fall,
and an ultimate profit by rebu/ing when
the raid was successful and a rich slice of
the Transvaal had been added to Chartered
land, steps were taken to carry out the
conspiracy.
"The tenor of the 'cryptograms' shows
that there was a divergence of opinion be
tween the Rhodes (Cecil Rhodes and his
brother Colonel Francis Rhodes) and Al
fred Beit, representatives among the re
formers, and that those not connected
with the gang were responsible for the
failure of the scheme.
"These telesrrams are damning alike to
the Chartered Company and to Mr. Rhodes.
It is clear that the raid was planned by
Cecil Rhodes, Alfred Beit and the secre
tary of the Chartered South Africa Com
pany. The telegram from Hammond to
Rhodes, saying, 'Cannot arrange respec
tive interests without Beit,' shows that the
aim was purely for a stock exchange deal.
"These miscreants, therefore, planning
a raid which must have led to the death of
many, and which was based on robbery,
were actually already disputing in regard
to their respective shares of the plunder."
The article then proceeds to attack Cecil
Rhodes, comparing him to Jabez Balfour,
"the first statesman to apply to imperial
politics the methods of the shady com
pany promoter."
Truth then concludes as follows:
"Had Cecil Rhodes remained Premier of
Cape Colony, I am convinced that as soon
as it suited hi? purposes he would have
turned on us (the British Government) and
sought to cut the chain which binds us to
South Africa."
IN WITH A BAD CROWD.
Hove John Hays Hammod Came to Grief
in the 1 raiiiraat.
NEW YORK, N. V., May s.— Fletcher
Webster Jewell, who secured the signa
tures of thirty-five members of Congress
to a petition for clemency for John Hays
Hammond, the American sentenced to
death for treason by the Transvaal Gov
ernment, is in this city. Mr. Jewell is an
American, but has lived in Johannesburg
three years and is a personal friend of Mr.
Hammond.
Mr. Jewell will start for the Transvaal
Saturday and will take the petition with
him.
"I am a Transvaal man through and
through." Mr. Jewell said to-day, "but I
naturally feel a great deal of sympathy
for ray countrymen in prison. They are
suffering because they got into a bad
crowd and were misled. They got into
the revolutionary schemes too deeply to
withdraw without the imputation of being
traitors and cowards.
"It is possible that decisive action will
have been taken when I reach Johannes
burg, but I shall present the petition to the
President unless the prisoners have been
liberated. To obtain any concession from
the Boer Government it must be dealt
with fairly and respectfully. Noihineean
be pained by dealing through the English
officials. The Boers hate the English, but
they favor Americans. Hammond has
done ereat work in the gold fields and was
one of the popular men in the Transvaal,
but he was fearfully misled. He was
anxious for reform, but should have
waited for reforms obtained under the Boer
Government.
"Cecil Rhodes and Jameson were anx
ious to annex the Transvaal to the British
possessions. Th") only ones in Johannes
burg who were fully cognizant of these
plans were Colonel Rhodes, Lionel L.
Phillips, Charles Leonard and George
J?'arrar; but the Americans, when they
finally obtained knowledge of the real ob
iect of the rising, refused to join In it. I
believe the imprisoned Americans will be
freed soon. They may be excluded from
the territory as a punishment, but I don't
think this course will be taken with Hani
n;ond, as he is too valuable a man for the
development of the mining resources of
the country."
KRUGER MAKES A SPEECH.
In Opening the Voiksrnad He Reviews
the Recent Event*.
PRETORIA, South Africa, May 5.—
The Volksraad was opened yesterday
afternoon. President Kruger in his ad
dress to the Chambers reviewed the events
of the year. He began by saying that re
cent events, which had been due to malevo
lence and selfish objects, had interrupted
the rest, and peace of the country.
"It has ever been my object," he further
said, "to promote the development and
prosperity of the republic in a peaceable
manner, ar.d I expect with the fullest con
fidence that during this session the Volks
raad will assist in restoring rest and peace
so that through our united cooperation
the country may flourish and become pros
perous to the benefit of all. Despite its
troubles, the country continues to be in
friendly relations wiiii the foreign
powers."
President Kruger also expressed hope
for a closer union with the Orange Free
State and declared that the mining indus
tries of the country were prosperous, the
native aitairs peaceful and the financial
condition of the republic sound.
The presidents of both chambers were
re-elected.
PARLIAMENT MUST PROBE.
Air William IJurrnurt on the South Afri
can i(fvlii/i«ni.
LONDON, Eng., May 5.-Sir William
Harcourt. leader of the opposition in the
House ot Commons, spoke at a meeting
to-nignt of the National Liberal Club. In
the course of his speech he said the state
of affairs In South Africa was deplorable.
The recent grave and momentous revela
tions must be discussed by Parliament in
order to get at the bottom of the transac
tions which had cast a dark shadow on
England's name. The Liberals, ne added,
would support the Government, as he be
lieved it would take measures to clear the
nation's reputation from complicity in the
Transvaal raid.
The Standard will to-morrow say that
Mr. Chamberlain has received a message
from Cecil Rhodes, in which the latter
states that he places himself unreservedly
in Mr. Chamberlain's hands. Mr. Rhodes
offers to resign his membership in the
Privy Council, to retire from the director
ship of the British South Afiica Company
and to return to England if Mr. Chamber
lain advises him to do so. It is understood
Urn matter was discussed by the Cabinet
Tuesday, and it is said that Mr. Chamber
lain will announce the decision arrived at
in the House of Commons on Wednesday.
The Daily News will to-morrow say it is
understood that before he returned to
Africa, Cecil Rhodes left his resignation
with the directors of the British South
Africa Company, to be tendered whenever
desired.
Lord Leech Again Accused.
PARIS, France, May s.— The Pretoria
correspondent of the Temps reaffirms that
Sir Henry Brougham Leech, now Lord
Leech of Drylaw, when Governor of Cape
Colony and British High Commissioner in
South Africa, offered to aid a revolution
ary movement in the Transvaal, and this
in face of Lord Leech's denial of the origi
nal report.
REBEL LOSSES REPORTED.
Spanish Accounts of Victories in Recent
Skirmishes — Filibusters Ordered
Shot.
HAVANA, Cuba, May s.— Two rebel
bands attacked the town of Gnanajay,
but were repulsed with heavy loss.
Heavy firing has been heard near
Cabanas, but no details of any fighting at
that place have been reported.
Colonel Tort reports that his command
has had an engagement with the rebels
under Agramonte, near San Nicolas, prov
ince of Havana. The rebels lost seven
killed. The troops lost a surgeon and one
private wounded. Parties of rebels at
tacKed the towns of Ranchuelo, Esperana
Vega Alta, but were repulsed. Colonel
Deigado reports that he has captured a
rebel camp near Rodas, in the Cienfl igos
district. Ten rebels were Killed and one
captured. The troops lost only one killed.
Insurgents have tried to destroy with
dynamite the tracks, bridges and culverts
of the railway between Matanzas and
Havana. Fires are reported from differ
ent sections of the island.
The trial of the men who were captured
on the schooner Competitor, which was
landing a filibustering expedition when
seized by a Spanish warship, is believed to
have resulted In the acquittal of two of
the prisoners. The others have been sen
tenced to be shot. The prisoners are still
"incomunicado."
Dr. Jose Manuel Delgardo, who was
almost killed by Spanish troops, has re
covered from the effects of his injuries.
He will sail Saturday for the United
States.
The rebel leader Borgess and twelve
other insurgents have surrendered to the
authorities at Guiera de Melena, province
of Havana.
The rebels have burned over luO houses
in the town of Punta Brava, near this
city. Several persons perished in the
iianies.
General Pando has been authorized to
return to Spain.
GAMBLED WITH HIS PILFERINGS.
Theodore Graham's Shortage Believed to
Exceed Three Hundred Million
Dollars.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May s.—Noth
ing is known of the whereabouts of Theo
dore Graham, a member of the firm of
Young, Smith, Field & Co., importers of
hosiery, notions and white goods, who dis
appeared at the close of business on Thurs
day. The fact that Graham, who was the
financier of the house, appropriated a large
amount of the firm's money was reiterated
to-day by Isaac S. Smith, the elder mem
ber of the firm, but the amount of tlie
peculation Mr. Smith refused to state.
It is believed, however, that Graham's
shortage is between $300,000 and $400,000,
and it is said that all of this was lost in
stock speculation. It was stated by Mr.
Smith that the transaction took place
several years ago. and that Graham had
succeeded in covering the shortage.
No effort is apparently being made to
capture the absconding partner, and Smith
declares that the affair will not embarrass
the firm.
As an outcome of the discovery of Gra
ham's misappropriations, John Field, the
other member of the firm and ex-Post
master of Philadelphia, will resign the
presidency of the Mechanics' National
Bank in order to devote his whole time to
the firm's business, and Mr. Smith, who
was in California on a pleasure tour, was
hastily called to Philadelphia.
Graham is 59 years old, and, with his
wife, has been prominently identified with
Presbyterian church affairs. He had been
a member of the firm for a number of years
and was trusted implicitly.
AUBURN'S FLOWER SHOW
A Festival Under the Control of Placer
County Women.
AUBURN, Cal.. May s.— The flower
festival to be held at Auburn on Thursday
and Friday is just now the talk of Placer.
It is the first event of the kind ever un
dertaken here. Trie street pageant has
been done away with and the affair will
take place in the agricultural pavilion.
Placer County represents such a diversity
of climate that the display will include
every flower from the banks of tuberoses to
the bills of the snow arbars. There will
be no single queen, but Placer has many
regal beauties, and lovely women will par
ticipate in the battle of flowers.
T. c affair is given entirely by the
women, with Mrs. W. F. Wildnian at the
head. To-day they are busy decorating.
Two carloads of ferns, evergreens and
snow plants arrived from Towle this
morning.
SAN LUIS MYSTERY.
The Death of I*r. Smith Investigated by
Official:
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May s.— Dr.
F. H. Smith, a well-known dentist of this
city, died to-night from injuries received
by a fall of his horse while returning from
a picnic at Sycamore Springs in honor of
the Grand "Parlor of the Native Sons.
There are rumors of foul play and the
matter is being investigated. Smith was
born at Mauch Chunk, Pa., and word has
been sent to his parents at that place.
A Constant Cough, with Shortness of Breath,
Failing strength arrl Wasting of Flesh, all be
token Lungs more or less seriously affected, and
demanding prompt treatment. By using Dr. D.
Jayne's Expectorant serious results may be either
avoided or palliated.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
DEATH OF THE
NITRATE KING,
Expires Suddenly After
Partaking of Oysters
on the Shell.
A NOTABLE CHARACTER
Reaped Fabulous Wealth From
the Nitrate Beds of Chile
and Peru.
_
THE PRINCE OF WALES' BANKER
Patronized the Turf on an Elaborate
Scale and Made Some Hand
some Public Gifts.
LONDON, Ejtg., May s.— Colonel North,
the nitrate king, died to-day la the offices
of the guano syndicate. He was seized
with an illness "after partaking of some
oysters and died within half an hour.
The shells of the oysters which he ate
were taken possession of by the police for
the purpose of ascertaining if the oysters
were fit to be eaten, though the general
supposition is that Colonel North died
from heart trouble.
Colonel J.. T. North was a native of
Leeds, and owed his sobriquet to the fact
The Late Colonel North.
[From a photograph.)
of his having accumulated immense wealth
throueh nitrate beds lying partly in Peru
and partly in Chile.
Through clever maneuvering Colonel
North and his syndicate obtained govern
mental concessions which confirmed him
in possession of these valuable deposits
and in this way secured a practical mo
nopoly of the trade of the worid. The
profits, long unsuspected, were tremen
dous. They made of Colonel North, other
wise an adventurer, one of the wealthiest
men in the British empire. The assurance
of this wealth made him socially ambi
tious. It is said that he contributed vast
sums in tho shape of gifts to the Prince
of Wales and it is undoubtedly true that
he let that gentleman in on the ground
floor in various enterprises which rnar
velously fattened the princely exchequer.
In the course of time he became one of
the recognized friends of the Prince oi
vVales and patronized the turf on a scale
of liberality which others might envy but
could not hope to excel.
In January, 188!). he presented Kirkshall
Abbey and grounds to his native town,
and also made handsome contributions to
the funds of the Leeds Infirmary and the
Yorkshire College of Science. He received
the honorary freedom of the borough on
January 25. 1889.
In his way he was a remarKnble man.
but with peculiarities which prevented
him from either being beloved or becom
ing popular.
WOMEN AND THE CLERGY.
Progress of the Controversy at
the Methodist Episcopal
Conference.
"Race, Co'or or Sex Shou'd Not
Exclude Any One From
Church Offices."
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May s.— Bishop
Andrews called the general conference of
the Methodist Episcopal church to order
this morning at 9 o'clock. A committee
of nine will consider the interests of the
American Bible Society. A contest be
tween the lay and ministerial delegates
took place over the appointment of a
committee to consider the rights of lay
delegates.
A dozen motions and amendments were
offered and a number of sharp speeches
were made. It was finally decided to ap
point a committee consisting of one lay
and one ministerial delegate for each con
ference district to consider the posi
tion of the lay delegates. It was moved
that when committees are to be appointed
having equal lay and ministerial mem
bership the lay delegates select their
own members of the committee. This was
lost.
At 10 o'clock the debate on the woman
question was resumed. Daniel Stevenson,
president of the Union College of Ken
tucky, spoke for the admission of the
women. He said: "The time has gone by
when anybody shall be excluded from
church offices on account of race, color or
sex."
The Rev. Dr. Neely of Philadelphia, who
is leading the fight against the women,
I said: "This question ia not one that in
volves chivalry or popular demand. "You
can't ordain women. It is a part of Meth
odism that the governing power is with
the men."
John F. of Portland, Or., said:
"I came from a land where the grand
women of the Methodist church have done
so much for Methodism that it is time we
men mink of it and take off our hats."
James Harlan of lowa, ex-United States
Senator and member of Lincoln's Cabinet,
said: "Ministers and laymen constitute!
the membership of this body. The w ole
question turns on the question, Who are
tne laymen. The General Conference has
decided that laymen are all those who are
not members of the annual conferences.
"Women an« not members of the annual
conferences. Now, by what right or what
interpretation of the "law of the church do
you intend to keep women out? The word
laymen means n on- pro fessional, and in
the Methodist Church it means all mem
bers except those who are professional."
The Rev. Dr. Buckly of New York said:
"The only time the conference has ever
undertaken to do so violent an act as it
now proposes to do was before tue war,
when it bisected the church. That act has
been condemned to-day by the leading
Methodists.
"If you admit these women in the in
terests of peace it will be tne peace of
despair. It will disgrace the conference
and stir up men to do as they please.
Pause, brethren, before you commit this
awful mistake."
Warm speeches were made by President
Harris of the East Maine (Jonference,
James F. Chaffee of Minneapolis, J. R.
Day of New York, Rev. Dr. Emery Miller
of Dcs Moines, Judge H. R. Brill of Min
nesota and others "for and against the ad
mission of women.
The Rev. Dr. Jacob Rothweiler of the
Central German Conference said: "lam
looked upon as the representative of the
Germans. We, as a people, do not be
lieve in se.Hinient, and we think it neither
right nor constitutional to admit women
to the general conferences.
"It has been charged that we Germans
defeated the women in the annual con
ferences. If we have, I am proud of it;
I rejoice in it, because we have saved the
lay delegates. If we adopt the majority
report you will demoralize the church."
The Rev. Dr. Charles F. Stafford of lowa
moved that x vote be taken on the ques
tion at 10 a. m. to-morrow. Rev. H. L.
Gaw of St. Louis wanted more time. Rev.
Stafford's motion ordering the previous
question was laid on the table.
Thf conference adjourned until 8:30 to
morrow, when the debate on the woman
question will be resumed.
LOWERED A STATE RECORD.
Bridget Clipped Off Half a Second in a
five- furlong Race.
CHICAGO, 111., May B —Bridget, the 7
to 5 favorite in the third race, clipped a
half second off the Indiana State record at
five and a half iurlongs by running the
distance in l:0«»^ at Sheffield to-day.
Easter Eve furnished the surprise of the
day by winning the second race at odds of
90 tel
Six furlongs, Belvour won, My Hebe second,
Mr. Dunlap third. Time, l:ltt»4.
Hull-mile, Easier Eve won, Provident second,
C. H. Whelan third. Time, :50.
Five and a half furlongs, Bridget won, Mike
Kelly second, Winslow third. Time, 1 :08}£.
ilFive ond a half furlongs, Hi Henry won
Muy Fern secoud, Kuuuing Bird third. Time '
1:<>8 : V
six turlongs, Jim Head won, Effie T. second,
Salvation third. Time, 1 :16^.
One mile, Kloroy won, YVeola second, Pat
Malioy Jr. third. 'lime, 1 £4&
NASHVILLE, franc, May s.— To-day's
results:
Six furlongs— £un Up won, Judith C. second,
Tutnlllo third. Time. 1:14?^.
line mile— Miss ('lark won, Lorrauia second,
Minerva third. Time, 1 :41\.
Four and a half furlongs— Storm KiDg won,
Boanerges seeotid, Abe .burst third. Time,
:54' 4
One mile, Subito won. Lasalle second, Becky
Sharp third. Time, 1:41.
Four furlongg, Lexington Pirate won, Rosin
aute second, l'armet-au tiiird. Time, :48.
Seven furlongx, Spokena won, Lizzie Mac
second, Trilby third. Time, 1:29.
LEXINGTON. Kv., May 5. — With
bright, warm weather, a fast track and a
good card of races, a large crowd was in at
tendance to see the wind-up of the meet
ing. Only two favorites won, a secoud
choice and two outsiders capturing the
other three events.
One mile, Outiclfene won, Letcher second,
Annie Lyle third. Time, 1 :42.
>ix furlongs, Strathreel won. Kiltie B second,
Timber L,and third. Time, 1 :1G 14.1 4.
One mile, Moylan won, Victorious second,
Cherub third. Time, 1:41\.
Nine-sixietinths ot a nine, Ethel Lee won.
Oak Leaf second, J. Walter Uiirtl. Time, :50?i.
Five furlong, Cherry Leaf won, Orion sec
ond, Blitzen's Sister third. Time, 1:04.
AQUEDUCT RACETRACK, N. V.,
May 5. — Owing to a rainstorm that passed
over this vicinity early this afternoon the
sport here to-day was rather tame. The
rain corverted t c track into a muddy
way and the going was very slow lv con
sequence.
Three-year-olds, one mile, Royal II won,
Balmnghie second, Beau Ideal third. Time,
1:51' 2 .
Two-year-olds, half a mile, Cheer Up won,
Saurian seeoii'l, Matia third. Time, :53.
One and a sixteinth miles, Marshall won.
Captain T second, Mirajte third. Time, 1 :57.
1 wo-yes.r-oM fillies, half a milu, Setfaat won,
Katie W second, Madame Elsie thira. Time,
:53.
Five and a half furlongs, Fnctotum won,
Kinglet second, Phabus third. Time, 1 :13.
THE BALL FIELD.
Chicago Cranks Set Wild by a Ueart-
Distase finish.
CHICAGO, 111., May 5.-The game to
day was another with a heart-disease fin
ish that set the cranks fairly wild. The
Colts had the bases full in the last half of
the ninth inning, with nobody out. An
son was or. third and La n ire at bat. He
knocked out a swift liner to right and An
derson made a beautiful catch and then
threw Anson out at the plate. The next
man up died on an intield drive. The
score:
Ihicacos 100210011—6 9 3
Brooklyn* 00310 12 0 0-7 15 8
Batteries— Parker and Kittredge; Abbey and
Burrell. Umpire— Weldmau.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May s.— Pittsburg
could not hit Pond at all to-day. Killen,
on the other hand, was hit freely. Bro
die's batting and the fielding of Bierbauer
and Jennings were the features. Attend
ance 3500. Score :
Plttsburgs 000 000 000 0 o— o 5 2
Baltimon-s 3 0 S'.'OUOOU 0 0-8 11 0
Batteries— lCiilen. Hughey and Sugden; Pond
and Clark. Umpire— Lynch.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, May s.— Lack of
team work on the part of the locals, great
fielding by the visitors and the inability of
the reds to bat Jack Stivetts' curves when
hits were needed tells the story of to-day's
name. Attendance 3000. Score:
Cincinnati 000000102—3 8 2
Bostons. 20001113*- 8 11 3
Batteries— Foreman and Vaughn; Stivetts and
Ganeel. Umpire — Kmslie.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May s.—Washine
tons won from Cleveland by superior
teamwork and sharp fielding." A thou
sand people saw the contest. Score:
Clevelands 000000)10 I— 3 11 J
Washlnstoos 02010U200-S 8 1
Batteries— Cuppy and JSimmer; Mercer and Me-
Auley. Umpire— H urst.
LOUISVILLE, Kv., May s.— Louisvilles
defeated New York through hard hitting
and Fuller's errors. Attendance 500.
Score:
Louisville*. 251050020-15 16 6
New Yorks. 400311002—11 10 7
Batteries— Cunningham and Miller, Clarke and
Farrell. Umpire— Sheridan.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., May s.— Kissinger went
to pieces in the ninth inning to-day, when
the game seemed safe for the locals, and
Hart relieved him. Both were wild, and
the Philadelphiaß won with runs to spare.
Score:
$L Louis 000100301—5 11 0
I'hlladelphlas 0020 00 0 16—9 10 2
Batteries— Kissinger, Hart and Douglas; McGUI
and Boyle. Umpire— Keefe.
SANTA BARBARA THEXONENSON
Two Tr.unrj Sprinters Who Promise to
Become World- Beaters.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 5.—
An athletic club is to be organized here
for the especial purpose of giving Birtch
and Broughton, Santa Barbara's phenome
nal sprinters, the proper standing which
will enable them to enter the sports at San
Jose in June, when the Stanford boys pit
tnernselves against the world. The fact
fact that Broughton made a 220-yard run
in :'23 at Ventura last Friday has not been
generally announced. Thut Brougbton is
scarce 18 years old. and Birtch is but 20,
and neither of the boys has «ver known
any real training, confirms their friends in
the belief that both will take world's rec
ords at no distant day.
NAVAL BATTLE
IN THE HOUSE,
The Senate's Amendment to
the Appropriation Bill
Defeated.
A NON-PARTISAN FIGHT.
Four New Battleships Are De
manded by Almost a Two-
Thirds Vote.
A CONFERENCE AGREED UPON.
The Depleted Condition of the Treas
ury Is the Argument Used by
the Minority.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May s.— The
battle over the naval appropriation bill
was fought in the House to-day again, and
there was more vigorous opposition to the
provision* authorizing the construction of
four battleships than was made when the
bill was originally under consideration —
when the fight was between four and six
bnttleships. But the effort to concur In
the Senate amendment, reducing the num
ber from four to two, was defeated— ayes
81, noes 141. The fight was not at all par
tisan.
Sayers (D.) of Texas made the motion to
concur, and was ably supported by Cannon
(R.)of Illinois, chairman of the Commi
ttee on Appropriations, who pointed out
that, with only two battle-ships provided
for, the revenues of the Government for
the iour years of the next administration
—which he said would be that of a Re
publican President— would be mortgaged
by the appropriation bills of this seusion
to the extent of $25,000,000 a year.
BouteJlt (R.) of Maine, chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, stoutly
maintained the desirability and propriety
of constructing four ships, and h« was
assisted in the argument by Cummings
(D.)of New York. The latter gentleman
arraigned the Senate for its action upon
appropriation and revenue bills in the last
Congress, asserting that it had virtually
violated the provisions of the constitution
in respect to the former, and as to the
latter, it had compelled the House to
agree to a tariff bill full of blunders, from
which the country had ever since been
suffering.
The request for a Senate conference on
the naval appropriation bill was agreed to
after the vote upon Savers' motion.
The question of concurring in the Sen
ate amendments to the naval apppopria
tion bill reducing the number of new bat
tleships was called up by Boutelle (R. ) of
Maine and Sayers (D.) of Texas addressed
the House in favor of his motion to con
cur, rie expressed the opinion that this
was a business questim and that no poli
tics were involved. He directo I the atten
tion of the House to the estimated reve
nues for the next fiscal year, which were
placed by the Secretary of the Treasury at
$464, 703,000 including the postal revenues.
The appropriations that had passed the
House amounted to 1386,000,000.
If to these ba added the permanent ap
propriations, amounting in round num
bers to $119,000,000, there was a total
appropriation of $505,000,000, as against
estimated revenues of $404,000,000.
Boutelle (R.) of Maine expressed regret
that the gentleman from Texas and those
who agreed with him had not vouchsafed
these economical views at a time when the
attitude of Congress and a part of the puo
lic press might have been described as
"flamboyant." There was no tel ing, he
said, what influence they might have then
had upon legislation and good sense. He
referred to the action of the House at the
time the bill was passed, stating that the
Committee on Naval Affairs found from
its first meeting a pressing demand from
members of the House, a belligerent
aggressiveness, that it should go beyond
what it recommended. There was a great
deal of Cuba in the air then.
Cummings (D.) of New York followed
Boutelle in opposition to the motion to
concur. He recalled the action of the Sen
ate last year on this bill.
After further debate, Savers' motion to
concur in the Senate amendment, re
ducing the number of ships from four to
two, was rejected— ayes 81, noes 141.
Bouteile moved t hat the Senate's request
for a conference be concurred in, and it
was agreed to. And then, on motion of
Dingley (R.) of Maine, the House at 4:15
P. M. adjourned until to-morrow.
A Death at Marysville..
MARYSVILLE, Cal., May 5.- Louis
Sieber, a well-known resident of this sec
tion and proprietor of the California
Brewery here, died at noon from pneu
monia.
BELTS Make your own choice.
Dpi TQ ou can do so a Joy's.
D^r •T'S Fully ten of the chief man-
BELTS ufacturers of Electric Belts,
3 ELTS . including the French, Ger-
nri TO man and Spanish, sell us
s£, JL^ Delt « regularly. We have
BELTS belts for men and belts for
BELTS women - We nave belts
pel TQ: that are guaranteed to cure
UC"! T^O Seminal Weakness or the
BELTS manufacturer returns the
BELTS money; and we have belts
RFI TQ for Rheumatism and
5Jz, JL.^ chronic complaints. We
DLL 1 give you the manufac-
BELTS turers written agreement
Dpi tq when you call. Select for
DHL 1 yourself.
If your doctor prescribes JOY'S
some drug not frequently i/-\-v/»q
used bring the prescription JvJY O
to Joy's and you will be sure JOY'S
to have it filled properly. JOY'S
Our storerooms are the i/^-w'O
largest in the City and we J V o
keep all drugs obtainable in JOY'S
the world's market. Just re- JO Y'S
member "what you get at i^vrjo
Joy's is good." J V ..; «5
— JOY
JOY'S JOY'S
BILDWIX PHARMACY, JoY'i
Under Baldwin Hotel, I O V
Powell and Market Sts. JOY'S
. - JUi-o
SEND MAIL ORDERS. JOY'S
NEXV TO-DAT.
DOCTOR SWEffif.
mHIS CELEBRATED PHYSICIAN, whose offices are located
THIS CELEBRATED PHYSICIAN, devoted to his profession
at 737 Market street, is thoroughly devoted to his profession
and is ever ready to help the unfortunate. He is a graduate
of the leading colleges of America and a self-made man in
the school of experience. Always on the alert to discover new
remedies and new methods for treating diseases, he has accom-
plished that which few physicians ever attain. His study and
experience have not been confined to one branch of the healing
art, but cover the whole field of medicine and disease.
IHI O Hi HI!DPS I S OiSPPSZOO
WONDERFUL SUCCESS
Has crowned his efforts in the treatment of all chronic and
special diseases of men and women. V
Carefully read the following, as it contains golden words of
advice from the world's greatest specialist :
PGloryof Man Is His Strength
Strong and Vigorous Generative and
Sexual Organs Make Healthy,
Light-Hearted, Vivacious,
Bright-Eyed Social
As Well As Business Men and Women.
T|«a« o Dl«fY<r&no Debilitated and Diseased, produce through the Nervous
■ llUbv/ Vl&dnb System almost all the horrible and distressing diseases
■" .;■■■ a which human flesh is heir to.
r\r\r>tr\l« Q%*f£S'-k*%\i Ha by 3rea " of experience and unceasing toll In the
UOCIOr OtVCany fields of Medical Science discovered new methods and
x-u-T-r-r, r.,r ♦ . ■': Z. new remedies for the treatment of such diseases, which
NEVER FAIL to produce the most gratifying results.
Young, Middle-Aged and Old Men/
If you are victims of youthful Indiscretions and unnatural losses; if yon are on the road to
idiocy, insanity and the grave; if gloom and melancholy, hallucinations, morbid fear and
unnatural lust pervade your mind; if you are despondent and downhearted ; if you have lost
nil energy and ambition; if you have an aversion to society ; if your memory if failing and too
are unfit for business or study, come at once, before it is too late, to DOCTOR SWEANY
and he will quickly, safely and permanently cure you. The strictest secrecy observed in cases
of this character, so cast aside all feelings of shame to consult the DOCTOR. Get well and be
a man.
Wrecked Manhood and Wrecked Womanhood.
There are thousands and tens of thousands unhappy homes in our land to-day where th«
cause can be directly traced to the loss or partial loss of" sexual power in either the man or
wife. Many of those so afflicted believe their condition to be a process of nature which ha« to
be endured, when in fact it is a disease and CAN BE CURED. But it is a lamentable fact that
the majority of those who are in this deplorable condition, through false pride and sfa°"
modesty, neglect and allow the disease to run on until the result is total impotency a bllehted
home, and in many cases desertion or separation. To such unfortunates I will simply say that
I have a treatment for such diseases which has never in one instance failed to restore the weak
debilitated and diseased organs to their natural conditions and to their full power ana vitror '
cnrs^Km^^^^ loathsome dlse " ' Stood Poison^ the
ALL CHRONIC DISEASES.
Eye. All cases of Bcute or chronic inflammation, far or near sightedness, dimness of
B»jr*s» vision, scrofulous eye, closing of the eye duct, squinting cross-eyed wild hairs
* syphilitic sore eyes, granulated lids, tumor, cancer of the lids, etc. ■*«*
Ear. Deafnesß from catarrh, singing or roaring noises, thickened drum, inflammation of
tali external ear, purulent discharging from ear, etc
Uao/1 Neuralgia, sick, nervous or congestive headache, dull, full feeling, loss of
■■ v«Ui memory, dizziness, softening of tne brain, tumors and eczema of the scalp.
'■"-■.:■£.;';.•.■,. " - • ' - .• ■ .  . ■ ■ ■.:■"-> , s . ;
T V\yt\ a ♦ Catarrhal and syphilitic sore throat, acute and chronic pharyngitis, enlarged
■ IllVdli tonsils and palate, hoarseness, loss of voice, thick phlegm In throat, causing
hawking. . r . c °. ; *
I ||H(ye Consumption in the first and second stages, hemorrhages and chronic bron-
mm vl 1 1 ci Oi chitis, dry and loose coughs, pains in chest, difficulty in breathing, hopatlza-
*-* tioas, asthma, etc. '<.-..-. ••" .
jUjnovf Valvular disease*:, weak and fatty heart, dropsy and rheumatism of heart.
nCaili languid circulation, etc.
QtftlMQ/\U Catarrh, ulceration and acid dyspepsia, indigestion, pain and fullness *
WIU 1 1 1 d will after eating, heartburn, waterbrash and difficulty in swallowing.
I^lWnouc Inflammation of the kidneys, Bright's disease, diabetes, congestion of
l\lUrivy9i the kidneys, uraemia, gravel, stone, all scientifically and successfully
■* treated. ' .
Dl*>f\fi g^ v Inflammation, cystitus, cysterrhea, catarrh of the bladder. . The distress-
E9 IdUUCIi ing diseases invariably yield to my system of treatment.
I | \t£\ v All diseases of the liver, spleen, bowels (constipation, chronic diarrhoea), kidney
■ail VCli and bladder, all nervous and reflex disorders, rheumatism and all skin diseases,
' , ■■■ eczema, salt rheum, ringworm, hip-joint disease, old sores, fever sores, stiff
joints, hare lip, spinal irritation, nervous prostration, rupture, piles, fistula, rectal ulcers,
which produce pain in small of back. .
D|it%*iai«s* Piles, fistula, varicocele, hydrocele and all swelling and tenderness
l\U|JlUrt?i quickly cured without pain or detention from business. '
Heart,- Brain and Nerves/ V 5 90 h , avc a diz ziness of the
ncdfi, Drain ano mervesi «end, palpitation of the heart,
... •-'•, „ .'.-. - " difficult breathing and suffocatin*
feeling, fullness of the head, a tired, discontented feeling, fear of Impending danger or death
a dread of being alone or the reverse, you are suffering from a serious disease of the nerves
brain and heart. You have no time to lose. Call at once and consult the old Doctor. '
%A#/t l«*l on £ , you are suffering from any of the diseases peculiar to your sex, such as
if ■JPIIIdI. falling or displacement. of the womb, leueorrhea, suppressed or painful
menstruation, inflammation or ulceration, 'bloating, headaches spinal
weakness or any disease of the genito-urinaxy organs, call or write to him. He will build up
your shattered and broken-down constitution and bring back to you that health strength and
Deauty which every woman should possess. . : .: .■ . .' ; ' °
You Can Be Cured at Home. •
If the sick who live at a distance and are unable to call will write a full descriotlon of their
case it will be given his careful consideration and advice will be given them free of cost. "
F.L.SWEANYJVI.D.,
■ ■ ■ . ■ •. " . V-";''''-
-737 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Office Hours-© to 18 A, M. and 2to 5 and 7to 8 P.M.' Sundays-10 to 1 3 A. M. onlySAN JOSE BIDS
ALL WELCOME,
Music From the Court-house
Dome Will Open the
Carnival.
QUEEN LILLIAN'S DEBUT
Her Majesty's Coronation to Be
Followed by the Floral
Pageant.
PROCESSION FOUR MILES LONG.
Scores of Gorgeous Floats and Gay-
Bedecked Equipages Will Be
in Line.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May s.— The city pre
sents a bright and happy appearance this
evening, and everything is In readiness
for the opening of the floral fete to-mor-
row. The fronts of tbe buildings in the
business section are Brasses of evergreens
and bunting, and the streets are lined
with streamers of banners and flags, and
at the cross streets lines of evergreen cross
each other. Never before haß the Garden
City been so gayly decorated, and the
work of the decoration committee is be
ing highly commended.
The three great street arches have been
covered with moss and vines and flags,
and the myriads of flowers with which
they will be brightened will be added
early in tbe morning. The great electric
tower has been covered with foliage, and
flags have been placed at frequent inter
vals over the immense structure.
The inside has been lined with 4500 feet
of red, white and blue bunting, and in the
center an immense horn of plent}' is sus
pended. The whole combines an imposing
view, and is the most novel feature of a
flower show ever seen on the coast.
The decorations of some of the business
houses are unique and novel, and display
great taste. Along the line of march many
residences have been beautifully garbed.
Taken all in all the city is a mass of ever-
greens and flowers and flags and bunting,
and everybody is ready to extend a hearty
welcome to the thousands of visitors who
will be in attendance to-morrow at the
great flower show.
• With the evening trains crowds of
Btrangers came to town from San Fran
cisco and Oakland and towns around the
bay. Busy littie groups of men and ladies
blocked tbe way here and there while
decorating. Even Old Probabilities so far
has been a gracious and withal a faithful
vassal of her Majesty the Queen of the
Carnival. He has sent hither giad tidings
11. W. Wright, Grand Marshal of the San Jose Carnival Parade.
[From a photograph.]
to her people, for at headquarters on
Santa Clara street his prophecy has been
emblazoned with prominence and black
paint that Wednesday will be fair. A fair
day, indeed, will Wednesday be, then, in
the lovely Santa Clara Valley— a fair day,
a merry day ; a day of revelry amid the
roses.
But there are to be three other very fair
and merry and interesting days, since the
Queen of the Carnival will stay among her
good people until Saturday night For
her reception and entertainment this at
tractive programme is promised:
First day, Wednesday, May 6— ln the morn
ing opening exercises at the carnival pavilion,
to be about as follows: Opening remarks by
Hon. B. D. Murphy, president of the day; re
marks by Major Valentine Kocn; crowning ot
the Queen; chorus of 500 voices under the
direction of Profpssor J. H. Klwood ; address
by Governor Budd; oration by President David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University; original
poem, "Carnival of Roses," by Sister Anna
Raphael of the Convent of Notre Dame, read
by Miss Adele Plank; music by Roncovleri's
band.
2 p. m.— Grand floral pageant over the follow
ing line of march: Starting at Fifth and Santa
Clara streets, west to Second, to San Antonio,
west along San Antonio to First, up first to St.
James, east to Third, nortn to Empire, to
First, to the Vendome grounds, through the
Vendome grounds, south along First to Santa
Clara street, west along Santa Clara street to
Market, down Market to the City Hall, where
the review will be held by the carnival queen.
8 p. m. — Grand illustrated concert at the pa
vilion by Roncovieri's band; after the concert,
dancing.
Thursday, May 7, 2:30 P. M.— Agricultural
Park — Polo game, Burlingame vs. Riverside.
Recreation Park— Grand picnic display. 8 :30
p. v.— Concert at pavilion by La Favorita Man
dolin Club, under the direction of Professor
W. F. Dablaing, to precede the grand ball at
9 :30 o'clock.
Friday, May 8, 10:30 a. m.— Recreation Park—
TiiE CARNIVAL PAVILION AT SAN JOSE.
Intercollegiate baseball game, Stanford vs. I
University of California. 2:30 p. m.—Agricul
tural Park— Field sports, Stanford University
vs. the vrorid ; basket-ball game. Bp. M. — Pa
vilion—Diversified stage entertainment by
stuients of Stanford University, followed by
dancing.
Saturday, May 9, 1 p. m.— Recreation Park-
League of American Wheelmen meet tinder
the auspices of the Garden City Cyclers. 8
p. M.— Parade of the King and members of the
royal family through tbe principal streets of
the city to the pavilion; crowning of masked
monarch, followed by a grand masked ball.
Four troops of United States Cavalry and
one of light battery arrived in the city to
day and will remain during the carnival
and will take part in the parade.
The City Council last evening appropri
ated $125 for t>e lighting of St. James
Park during tbe carnival. The park, some
eight acres in extent, will be lighted with
myriads of vari-colored incandescent elec
tric lights and Chinese lanterns and will
be transformed into a beautiful garden.
In the evening there will be music in the
park.
The Capitol City Drum Corps, twenty
eight strong, and under command of Al
bert Cardinet, arrived from Sacramento
this evening to take part in the fete.
H. V. Morehouse will act as Prime Min
ister to the Queen in place of P. P. Austin,
whose name was erroneously announced.
Spokane Defaulter Captured.
SPOKANE, Wash., May 5.— H. A.
Brown, local representative of the Impe
rial and Sun Insurance companies, was
discovered last Sunday to be a defaulter in
the sum of $1600. He fled the same day
and last night was captured on a train at
Edsemont, S. D., on his way to Lincoln,
Nebr. He came here from Galveston, Tex.,
where his wife is now living.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
COLLIS REACHED
BY A SIDE DOOR
How Congressmen Are Ad
mitted to the August
Presence.
SHAME BREEDS STEALTH.
They Pass Through a Ladies'
Entrance to Receive
Orders.
MOST POWERFUL OF LOBBIES.
The Aged Magnate Intrenched as No
Other Individual Ever Was
Before.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May s.— Judge A.
M. Stephens, a leading lawyer and politi
cian of this city, returned to-day from
Washington, where he has done yeoman
service in behalf of the Free Harbor
League. Judge Stephens was in the fore
front of the harbor fL'ht from the start,
and is better posted, probably, than any
other man, save alone Senator White, on
this question. He is very confident that
the friends of San Pedro will be able to
checkmate Hnntington's raid on the Na
tional treasury, with the attendant grab
of $3,000,000 for the Southern Pacific
private breakwater at Santa Monica. To
a Call correspondent Judge Stephens
said:
"Huntington is intrenched at Washing
ton as no individual or corporation ever
has been before. He seems to be maKing
this the fight of his life. I was told by
prominent Senators that not in twenty
years had such powerful lobby congre
gated at Washington, and sought to throw
its corrupt influence around Congress.
"Huntington himself is constantly on the
ground, and he is directiug the tight in
person. He has quarte rs at the Norman
die, where, I am told by a friend, who is
also a guest of the house, Senators and
Representatives are smuggled into bis
presence by the dozen to receive his or
ders. By an ingenious arrangement Con
gressional visitors are not ushered into his
presence directly, as many of tnem would
not like to be seen going to and from his
rooms too frequently. They are first
steered into the ladies' pailor, from which
here is an entrance to the sly old looter's
apartments, and his willing tools are thus
able to come and go without arousing the
suspicions of other inmates of the house.
"The majority of the Democratic Sena
tors are greatly Incensed at the treatment
Senator White received at the hands of
the Commerce Committee, and I think I
am safe in saying that he will have the
almost unanimous support of the Demo
cratic Senators wfaen he makes his fight on
the floor of the Senate. He will also have
the solid support of the Populist Senators,
barring Jones of Nevada, if he be classed
among them. The Populist Senators, by
the way, have acquitted themselves nobly
in every instance where a contiict has
arisen between corporate influence and
the people. They ieel outraged over the
brazen attempt to foist a harbor appropri
ation upon the people of Southern Califor
nia which has never been asked for by the
representatives of the district in either
branch of Congress, or by the people them
selves, and in direct contravention of the
recommendations of three separate boards
of impartial Government engineers. The
job will never succeed with the aid of the
Popnlist votes in the Senate— that is cer
tain.
"To Senator Perkins also is due great
praise for the noble stand he has taken in
this fight, which has almost been made a
party iseue in certain quarters. Although
allowing Senator White to bear the brunt
of the battle. Senator Perkins is uncom
promising in his fealty to San Pedro, and
he may be depended upon to exert his best
influence to bring other Republican Sen
ate rs into line when the question comes
to a vote in the Senate. Unfortunately,
the Republican Senators will stand almost
solidly by Chairman Frye, as a matter of
jiariv policy more than anything else, it
.seems.''
"BY CLAUVE ON NATO"
Mexican* \ Ob»*rve ' the Anniversary of
Maximilian* Overthrow.
LOB ANGELES. Cal., May 6.— "El
Cinque de Mayo" was celebrated to-day
by the Mexican and Spanish population
of this city. Thirty-four years ago to-day
the Mexican troops under Ygnacio Zara
goza defeated the French under the gen
erals of the foreign invader in five suc
cessive battles.
As a result the Austrian Prince, Maxi
milian, was driven from his imperial
throne, on which the French had placed
him, and with the removal of the French
army in response to the enunciation of the
Monroe doctrine the Mexican republic
was leftintact. Mexicans everywhere hail
the "Cinque de Mayo" as a landmark of in
dependence and it is observed with befit
ting ceremonies. This afternoon the
Mexican population with its friends cele
brated the day at the hall at 730 Buena
Vista street. Speeches were made by J.
Marion Brooks, R. F. Sepuiveda, K. F.
Del Valle. R. J. Dominguez, W. P. Hyatt,
Captain J. 8. Redona, Frank Dominguez,
L Y. Perez, A. A. Montano and George
Knowles. At 7:30 o'clock this evening a ball
was held at tbe same place under the
auspices of the Zaragoza Club, a literary
and social organization of which A. G.
Sanchez is president, R. F. Sepuiveda vice
president, and Captain Redona secretary.
WILL LIVE IN A PALACE.
Colonel Bradbury Planning the Con
struction of a Magnificent Home.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., May s.— Efforts
have been making for some time to form a
company to buy the beautiful Adams
street grounds and residence of Judge
Charles Silent as a site for a mammoth
tourist hotel. Plans for the caravansary
have been drawn on a magnificent scale,
but funds for carrying out the project are
not forthcoming to any appreciable ex
tent. In view of the probable failure of
this scheme, it is now stated that Colonel
John Bradbury is negotiating for the place
and proposes to build a palatial residence,
modeled after the Alhambra. If the
colonel puts his plans into effect he will
have the finest establishment in Southern
California. ________
REDDING INCENDIARISM.
Residence of a Woman Find During Her
Absence by a Person in Female
Garb.
REDDING, Cal., May s.— lncendiaries
fired the residence of Mrs. 8. M. Taylor,
at the south end of East street, in this
city, to-night at 9 o'clock. The house wis
a one-story structure. The occupants were
at a Rebekah lodge meeting at the time
the fire started, and after the alarm was
given they returned to their house to find
it in ashes. The loss is estimated at $1000,
with insurance of about three-fourths that
amount.
Two boys who were herding cattle in a
near-by pasture at the time saw the fire
fiend at work. They are sure it was a
woman, or a man in woman's clothes.
They stateJ to a Call correspondent that
they can identify the person who applied
the torch.
FAIR HEALDSBURG'S FETE
Northern Sonoma Pays Homage
to a Queen of Gayety
To-Day.
Calithumpians Under King Cook Will
Invade the City After the
Coronation.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., May s.— The sec
ond annual floral festival of this city
opens to-morrow afternoon at 1 o'clock,
when Queen Alice Haigh will take posses
sion of Healdsburg. The stand upon
which the lovely ruler will take the oath
of office has been profusely decorated with
mosses, ferns and flowers, and the throne
is so arranged that all may see the cere
monies.
Scores of men worked diligently all day
putting the finishing touches to the city's
carnival garb, and, although no one
shirked duty, there is much to be finished
to-night. The hundreds ot electric lights
to illuminate the plaza came into good
play, for decorators are enabled to work
until morning, so bright is the surround
ings.
A telegram received by the executive
committee from Petahima brings the
cheering news that over 1000 people from
that city will arrive on Thursday, while
Ukiah, not to be outdone by Sonoma
towns, will send her band and fire depart
ment to the fiesta.
To-morrow's sports include a tilting tour
nament between teams from Alexander
Valley and this city. Ten expert horsemen
will contest for the prizes and the outcome
is in doubt as no one seems able to pick
the winner. These knighthood tourna
ments are exciting, and as the rider plunges
down the line at the top of his horse's
speed he needs a cool head, steady nerve
and much science to take the rings.
The day's proeramme may not conclude
without trouble, for the Jalilhumpians are
threatening all kinds of mischief for the
morrow. There is blood on tne moon, for
the merry maskers are likeiy to come into
the city about 5 o'clock in the afternoon,
take everything before them and orown
P. E. Cook. They issued a manifesto to
night giving warning that should any one
interfere with their plans trouble will
surely follow. It will take the Calithump
ians some time to carry out their pro
gramme, and it is likely ere they are
through the sun will have sunk behind
the western hills.
In the evening a superb concert will be
given in Truitt's Theater.
SAN JOSE'S WILL CASE,
Edward Andrew Barron's Claim
Dismissed by Judge
Reynolds.
Attorney Monteith's Withdrawal
Insisted Upon by the Mulatto's
Mother.
SAN JOBE, Cal., May s.— The suit of
Edward Andrew Barron, the mulatto boy,
to establish beirship and claim to a one
ninth interest of the $1,800,000 estate left
by the late Edward Barron, the San Fran
cisco capitalist, was dismissed by Judge
Reynolds this morning, the plaintiff not
being ready for trial. George W. Mon
teitb, who has represented the mulatto
boy heretofore, failed to appear, and At
torney J. B. Kerwin read affidavits from
Attorney Monteith and John M. Green,
the boys guardian, showing that Monteith
had withdrawn from the case and that
Meeker had also tendered his resignation
as guardian. The witndrawal of Monteith
and Green from the case was brought
about by Winifred Morton, the boy's
mother, who refuses to testify in the
matter as long as Monteith is connected
with the case.
Attorneys J. C. and E. W. McKinstry
and E. S. Pillsbury were present in the
interest ot the Barron estate. When the
case was called Attorney Pill&bury moved
that the artion go to trial and, the plaintiff
being unprepared, Jnage Reynolds made
an order that the plaintiff take nothing by
his complaint and application, and that
the action and proceedings be dismissed
and judgment be entered in favor of each
and all of the defendants and against the
plaintiff. It is also ordered that tne de
fendants have to recover against the
plaintiff their costs incurred in this pro
ceeding.
FOHESTERS AT
WATSONVILLE.
California Grand Court's
Eighth Annual Session
Opened.
MAYOR CHALMERS' GIFT.
The Entire City Passes Into the
Possession of Visiting
Delegates.
PARADE AND ENTERTAINMENT.
San Francisco to Be Urged as the
Grand Body's Permanent
Place of. Meeting.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., May s.— This
city is in gala dress to-day in honor of the
visiting delegates to the eighth annual
session of the California Grand Court of
the Foresters of America, which opened
this morning at 10 o'clock. The business
houses and private dwellings seem to vie
with each other in the quantity of decora
tion. The Stars and Stripes are every
where, framed in a setting of evergreens,
and the streets are almost vaulted with
banners. The good people of this burg
are evidently determined to prove that the
hospitality for which they are famed by
other orders which have convened here
has not grown less.
The Grand Court was formally opened
by Grand Chief Ranger A. Orfila, and after
the appointment of the various commit
tees adjourned until 4 o'clock. At 1
o'clock a parade was formed by Grand
Marshal W. M. White in the following or
der:
Police force, under command of their Chief.
Grand Marshal and Aids.
Watsonvllle City Band.
Watsonviile Drill Corps, commanded by
Colonel J. A. Roster.
Watsonviile Fire Department.
Pajaro Valley Band.
Monterey County Delegations of Foresters.
Fraternal Societies of Watsonville.
Visiting Delegates.
Santa Cruz City Band.
Companions of the Forest in carriages.
The Mayor and City Trustees.
The line of march was quite Jengthy,
and the visitors who have labored under
the impression that Watsonviile was a
small place have very materially changed
their minds.
After the parade the visiting delegates
were addressed by Hon. A. B. Chalmers,
Mayor of Watsonviile, who bade them a
hearty welcome to all the good things and
extended the freedom of the city. The
hospitality was accepted by Hon. A. Orfila
on behalf of tbe Grand Court.
At 4 o'clock the convention was called
to order, and upon the recommendation of
the committee on credentials 174 delegates
were seated. The time limit was sprung
on the numerous orators, and each will be
compelled to do all his speech-making
within five minutes. This will be a hard
ship to those of loquocious tendencies, but
it will shorten the session considerably.
In the evening a splendid entertainment
was eiven in the opera-house.
There are several important changes
contemplated at this session. It is almost
certain that the annual meeting will be
changed to biennial. Almost every dele
gate has been instructed by his court to
support that proposition. The great
expense incurred by the annual session
has necessitated a high per capita tax and
the subordinate courts are making a de
cided stand in the line of retrenchment.
Another proposition which will be
brought up will be that of making San
Francisco the permanent place of meeting.
To-morrow the election of officers takes
place and the ''wire-pullers" are very
much in evidence to-night in the hotel
corridors.
CracHimen at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., May s.— Cracksmen
entered the office of the McCormick Har
vesting Machine Company last night and
attempted to blow open the safe with
giant powder. They drilled three holes
into it, but were frightened away before
they could light the fuse attached to the
g^iant powder, with which the holes were
h'led. They stole a typewriter from the
office and a hand satchel belonging to one
of the employes, but eot no money.
WHY YOU HAVE
Blood Poison. .
BLOOD POISON 18 MANIFESTED BY
some local disease of tbe skin. It may-
be sores, pimples or a scaly condition of the
skin. If you have any form of skin dis-
ease your blood is poisoned. When all
organs and different elements of the body
are healthy nature rebels against all infec-
tion.
To keep the different organs and tissues
in a healthy condition your stomach mast
digest all food that is necessary to rebuild
the waste that is continually going on in
the system.
If you have Dyspepsia, indirectly it puts
yourgeneral system in a condition sus-
ceptible to the many different diseases of
tbe blood.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla clears the
stomach, stimulates the glands that se-
crete the digestive fluids and keeps these
glands in a healthy condition. By the
moderate use of this wonderful tissue re-
builder and digestive stimulant you can
have pure blood and a perfect immunity
from blood poisons. If you are suffering
from any form of skin disease purify your
blood. Chronic ulcers on tbe limbs are
indications of impure blood. Eczema,
rough skin, pimples, all tell your blood is
impoverished.
Your liver must work to perfection, as
the secretions from the liver digest all
fatty food that is taken into the alimen-
tary canal. Undigested fats in the ali-
mentary canal decompose and are absorbed
into the blood, thus causing many disa-
greeable diseases oi the blood and skin.
Keep your liver active by using Joy's Veg-
etable Sarsaparilla.
Uremic poison is a very fatal disease.
The kidneys b«come clogged by the many
excretions from the body. They cease to
perform their functions, the system re-
absorbs this poisonous matter, causing
one of the most fatal diseases of the blood
(uremic poison). Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla makes active kidneys, acting as a
mild vegetable stimulant, as it contains
not one particle of mineral drugs, such as
mercury, iodide, potash or mineral acid-.,
to cause irritation of the kidneys, which
so often result in some form of chronic
disease of the kidneys.
. • Joy's Vegetable Sarakparilla gives
Rood, ;' rich ; red blood > good ' '. digestion
and ' strong nerves.
A
$500,000:00
Wholesale Stock of
Clothing
Whoever after seeing this
buys any garment for man
or boy at a retail store is
guilty of wanton self-
robbery to the amount of ...
the retail profit, which is TlirO\VTl
about, often quite, ONE-
HALF the price asked. Ooen to the
MAKERS— wholesale wj^»* ww . -
manufacturers, selling , di- i Uul IC
rect to the wearer, ONE •
PRICE, whether you buy to -A 4" WHOICSaIe
wear or buy to sell. w^ • .-
Men's Suits and Over- PriC£S
coats from $25 down to $10
— the kind that cost twice
as much in retail stores.
Clothing for the biggest \ ." . '. .: .'
man and the smallest boy. .
•■• " -' . '7." "..- .-■■ . ■ {-■'- BROWN^^
■Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon CX? Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Chili
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121~123 SANSOME STREET,
- Ibl'l&w OnliSwlYlL w I nCibl |
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
RAILROAD TRAVEL. '
BIG REDUCTION l.\ RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
PORTIjANp, or.
FRIDAY MAY 8.
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st.. at 8 p. m.
AT n A— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
wOiUU ist Sleeper.
ALSO
First-class tickets, including berth In &IA.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. J. U
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
ftJF" Through Tickets for Pusret Sound
point* on Sale at Reduced Rates.
For further Information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
' Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NOl/THKKM PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYBTKM.)
Trains let* re anil are «lne to arrive as
;v * •:. •:>: I'- •. SAM FKAKCISCO.
leave — FnoMMvr3, 1806. — * Aitnrm
: 00 a Niks. San Jose and Way SUtions... H:4s a
7:<>Oa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kast.. 8:45p
4 :00a Benioia, Vacarillo. Rurr.sc y. Sacra-
_ - . mento, and Redding via Ihtvis. . . . 6:45
7:0»a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
S:3oANiles, San Jose, Stockton. lone.
Sacramento, Marysvtllo, i:e«l Uluff
and Sundays excepted 0r0T111e.... 4tlsp
•8:80 a Peters and Mi1t0n..... «7tlßr
9:00 a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
- Barbara and 1 ,on Angeles 4i4<lp
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:1Sa
0:OOAVallejo 6:13p
• I:OOp San Jose and LiTcrraore 8:48 a
•1:O0p Sacramento Hirer Steamers Ml:OOp
1 :3 Op Port Coata and Way Stations f7:45p
4:OOp Martinez, San lUmon. Valtejo.
■•:" '■:<:■ Napa, Oallstoga, El Verano and .
Sautauosa tiISA
4:»«p Bonicia, VacaTilie, Woodland,
Knights Landing,' ■ Marysrillo,.
Orovillo and Sacramento 1«:45a
4j»«r Niles, San < Jose, LlTermore and
,_^ Btockton 7il»>
4:BOp Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
_ - Yosemite) and Fresno 11*43*
Btvfp Now Orleans Eiprcss.Fresno. Bakers- -
' ;.. - field. Santa Barbara, Los Angeles.
'■ : . -■ v Demiug, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 1*:18 a
5:00p Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Express
1 for Mojave and East ]0:15 a
Vallejo 11:43 a
6:oOt> European Mail, Ogdeu and East.... 0:4.1 a
•:OOp Haynrards, Niles mid San J05e...... - 7:43 a
}7:<M>r Vallejo t?s4sp
7ittop Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
Tille. Reeling, Portland, ttiget
Sound and East 10:48 a ;
SAM A <:i»)Z IUVIMON (Narrow U^nyej.
|7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz ■ "
> - and Principal Way Stations ...;.. :■:•»!•
■si s a Newark, Con teivilie.Han. lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations • sis* r
•BtlSp Newark, Conterrille, San Jose, New
Almnden, Felton, ltouldcr Crrek, '
Santa Cruz and Principal War
Stations U1«««a
4tl3p Newark. San Jose and Los Ua105.... 9tS*A
• COAST DIVISION (Iliinl *, TownsenJ Sts.)
•0:43 a San Joso' ami Way SUtions (New '■ """
Almadcn Wednesdays 0n1y)....... *l:4Sr
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
: BinU Cruz, Pacific Grore,'. and
Principal Way SUtions.... 18:33?
■ilBa San Jose, Tres Pinos,' .Santa Crius,
. I'acilio Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispo. Gnadalupo and Prin-
• cipal Way Stations ;...........'..:• 7:65
19<47a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl:4sp
| 10:4 San Joso and Way 5tati0n5......... 5:00p
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
*Si3Op San .Jose. Gllroy, Tres Pinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and PaclQo
Crore »I0:40a
•8:»op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:47 a
•4:30p San Joeo ami Way Stations *8:00 a
3:30p San Jose and Way Stations *8:48 a
0:UOp San Joso and Way Stations 0:33 a
tll-.4.~>r San Jose anil Way Stations f7»43p
SAX LtlASitßO AM) HAIWJLBPS LO<!AL.
: <»0:0OaV ' " . ( 7:13 a
: 8:OOa . . [9:43 a
iS.oSa" Melwte, Senary r«k, \?* t sl
"jjigg* Fttekhnr^SuLMadro »*«*
3:00p I - A 4:45p
, 4:00p ' - ; •"" . i 8:15p
; 8:00p , - HavirapdM. " • 6:1
, O:S0p Hay ware* .. T|4J|p
7:00p - . Ri4!lp
- 0:0 Op ' Runs through to Nlles. IO.SOp
tHl:iapJ tFromNUes. . . ■ . \ ttlgiOOp
: CREEK ROUTE FERRY. > •
From SIH f RINCISCO-Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— •■ '■ i •-"
•7:16 > 9:00 .; 11:00 A.M. {1:00 *2:CO (3:00
•1:03.; •8:00 p.m. ...
froaOAIUHD— foot or Broadway.— *8:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. US:00 »l:00 • > t8:Q0 *3:00 41:00
• •5:00 r .it. ; .--'. ;-■ ?-- .-•-.• : • ■■ , ■ ..-
-< A for Morning. • • P for Afternoon. ' A .'■
■Sundays excepted. : t Saturdays only.
■ t Sundays only. ' , -■ •
_ltt Monday. Thursday ax.d Saturday nights only. _ . '
■:.■:'-■; ;^"*.--^. .-.-:■" ■ . - -?. .■ ---^- . ■ r .--..-
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFR4MSCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of market St..
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12-35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 P. v. Thursdays-Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. if. . . . - . -
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30 L
6:00, 6:20 P.M. ' • rT-^ t -
San Rafael to San Francisco. |
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:5o! 9:10, 11:19 A k«
12 :45, 3 :40. 5 :10 p. v. Saturdays-Extra trip
at 1:55 p. x. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3B, 9:36, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. x. ■■■. •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. ■
~~ lieave In effect Arrive ~
San Francisco, ip"^ San Franclscq
W*bk Sun- 1)e t - lon Sun- i Whk"
Days. I pats, """"nation. DAYa . 1 Days.
7:30 am ; 7:30 am] Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 I'M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 PM) Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm; 6:15 pm
~ Fulton, .■ •■ • ~
7:30 ax Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg, > ■ '
GeyservtUe,
3:80 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
j tieta, ~*
7:30 am » . Hopland A 10:10 am
3:3o pm| 7:3oam Ukiah. 7:3opm 6:lspm
7:30 am; I " 10:10 am
1 7:30 am ; QuexneviUe. ,7:30 px
3:80 ru\ \ | 6:15 pm
7:50 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am"
6:10 pm 1 6:00 pm and 6:05 pm! 6:16 pm
' ■ I ' Glen Ellen. •
7:30 am 1 7:30 AMI RebastonoL 110:40 am 1 10:10 am
3:3opm|s:oopm| ° eD * 3topoL I 6:05 pm| 6:16 pm
Stages connect . at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyserrllle for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and juakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport • and Bart! ett. Springs :< at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Laice. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, LJerley r s, Bucknell's, Sanhed-
rin Heights, Gravelly Valley, Booneville, Green-
wood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg, Westport, foal, Willets, Cahto. Covelo,
Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. " •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ■ . ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ • ■ \ -
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bulldinf.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic *%9D
* 111
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrive £vjp&oJr^En4H&
at Karket-Street Ferry. sfS^^^^l^
SANTA FE EXPKhsS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lino
▼ta Kansas City without Chang*. Annex cars lor
Denver and St. Louis. a ITDr .
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train* Dally, with Dining-car*
■nder Harvey • management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 6 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
Hew rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery |
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnlns-
*"*" Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
. ■■ ' ' ■- Ciirßßi»iio BuilditjJC*.
NORTH PACinC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
Ifrom San Francisco, cotnm<-n Ing March 29, 1896.
• »■••--; . WEEKDAYS. .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, »Boo
•9:16 10:16, 11:45. a. X,: •1:18, 3:10. 4:15,
• 5:15. *b:00. u:B5 p. x. »
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, WedM»
day* and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
„_ SUNDAYS.
F« Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8 :00, *9:QO,
•10:00, 11:30 a. M.;«*ia:SJ. "1:30, «2:16, «4:CO,
6:30, 6:46, 8:30 p.m. Extra trip to ' Sausallto at
11:00 a. m. . ,-.., ;j ■;.  ;■ ■,-•■-• • ■■■ ■• - :; •
Trains market] • run to San Quentln. •♦I3JSO
p.m. does not ran to Mill Valley/ . •
THROUGH TRAINS. '■&&S9&SSBm
I>*6 T. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations,
i 552 ■*•" **• Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
t«0 a. M. Sundays— Point Reyes ana way station*
56
CHARLES M. StiORTRIDQE, {
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week; by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and (Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1 .50
Doily and (Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. '.65 I
6uu_«y Call, one year, by mail 1.50 |
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
-* i;' THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
10, it is no trouble for ns to forward THE CALL to
Four address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street,
telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; optn until
1:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark-in street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
-W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
Is til 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 O'clock.
118 ->lnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE i
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 83, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. rOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY ....MAY 6, 1890 ,
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Give ns a free delegation.
California should not tie her own hands.
There is as much fun at a festival aa at a
political convention.
. The party of freedom should be always
represented by free men.
The Call speaks for all the people— for
the women as well as for the men.
The Garden City and all its loveliness
Will belong to those who take it in.
The Senate has decided to talk every
thing out on a thousand lines if it takes
all summer.
It looks as if Huntington had pocketed
his funding bill, but he may have merely
slipped it up his sleeve.
Democratic papers are as busy with Re
publican politics as if they had none of
their own to think about.
A deficit tariff was bad enough without
adding deficit coast defense and naval
bills to harmonize with it.
The chances are that after this cam
paign Democracy wiil be too dead even to
kick itself for its blunders.
Kruger is the only potentate now en
gaged in a fight who wins victories over
the telegraph wire of tbe enemy.
Little by little the noise of the campaign
for free Cuba is getting lost in the roar of
the campaign for home protection.
The one popular movement the monop
oly can neither stop, baffle or misrepresent
is the movement of the Valley road.
It is evident that when the Senators talk
of war they mean aggressive war, for they
are unwilling to do anything for defense.
It is about time to transfer the experi
ment with the new transfer system to
some other city where it is not so costly to
the people.
Help the woman's suffrage movement
during tbe campaign and you will have
greater pleasure when the time comes to
rejoice in the victory.
As the Democratic party is wholly with
out a platform this year the Presidential
candidate will have to provide himself
with a barrel to stand on.
Circumstances have given California a
commanding position in National politics
at this juncture and the Sacramento con
vention should profit by it.
As the latest issue of Sound Currency is
made up of an article on "Silver and
Wages," by John G. Carlisle, it is virtu
ally a back number already.
Instead of sitting around waiting for
the Senate to catch up with the work tbe
House should get in and begin digging
away at the Nicaragua canal.
People who do not think much of
woman's suffrage may be opposed to it,
but those who are capable of thinking of
it intelligently are in favor of it.
Now that the festival spirit has revealed
its beauty so near as San Jose we can
hardly fail to catch the inspiration and
begin planning a midsummer frolic of
our own.
Chairman Harrity has very appropri
ately called the executive committee of tbe
Democratic National Committee to meet
on Friday. It will be a good day to do its
execution by hanging itself.
It is perfectly clear now that when
Chamberlain exultingly promised the
British a vigorous foreign policy he was
entirely unaware how many Africans there
were in the African wood-pile.
Every motion made in the Senate to in
vestigate the bond deals puts the tongue
of Senator Hill into motion, and somehow
the original movement always gets dis
tanced and is out of sight when the fracas
ends.
A journal that represents tbe thoughts
and sentiments of but one sex— the sterner
sex — cannot be said to speak for all tbe
people. As a matter of fact, it speaks for
but half the community— and not the
better half, either.
There are men who do not hesitate to
predict that the winner at St. Louis will
be a dark horse, Garret A. Hobart of New
Jersey, but then the men who make the
prediction live in New Jersey and are en
gaged in grooming the horse.
Our esteemed contemporary the Chron
icle has evidently permitted itself to fall
into a fantastic fright that somebody
wishes to kill it, for it shrieked out yester
day: "The San Francisco Allison' boom
should be carefully watched at Sacra
mento, or it may commit insecticide."
The Stockton Mail is in error in saying
"The Call is not sincere in its treatment
of the tariff ss the same relates to the wel
fare of the farmer." The Call is sincere
in all that it advocates, and in nothing is
it more sincere than in its desire to help
the farmers of California and to Bee the
Mail work vigorously along with it for the
same object.
SEND FREE MEN.
The Sacramento convention has fulfilled
the hopes of all loyal Republicans in pro
ceeding to its work with due delibera
tion, instead of endeavoring to rush
ihe work Tinder the impulse of first
thoughts. Never was deliberate and
careful study of a political situation
more important to California Republicans.
From the reports that come to v.s from
the East it is clear that the divisions in
the party over the Presidential contest
are such that a comparatively few votes
will determine the result at St, Louis.
Here is California's opportunity, and it
depends upon the convention at Sacra
memo whether she will make the most of
it or lose all.
Strong efforts will be made to stampede
the convention into sending to St. Louis
an instructed allegation. It has been the
policy of all who have this object in view
to rush things from the start and prevent
any deliberation. Certainly they can gain
nothing, by delay that gives time for dis
cussion. Every argument pertinent to
the occasion or based on existing conditions
favors a delegation uninstructed, untram
meled and free. The position of California
is now one of great advantage. Between
the contending factions in the East she
holds almost in her own hands the power of
deciding. In alliance with unpledged dele
gations from other States she can virtually
frame the platform, define the policy of
the party for the next four years and de
termine which of the great Republican
leaders shall be the next President.
It is of great importance that California
should take full advantage of the power
which circumstances cave thus happily
placed in her hands. The maintenance
of great measures, as well as the fortunes
of great men, will be at stake at St.
Louis. It cannot be doubted that efforts
will be made to drag the party from
its historic platform of bimetallism and
pledge it to the gold standard. These ef
forts must be baffled and California must
take a leading part in the contest. She
cannot afford to sacrifice a single advan
tage that would weaken her ability to
maintain this great principle.
The convention will meet this morning,
having had full time to consider the
whole situation. There ought to be no
difference of opinion among intelli
gent, practical politicians concerning it.
The issue is great and must be
greatly met. The Sacramento con
vention must rise to the occasion. It
should send to St. Louis a strong delegation
to stand for the historic Republican
policy — to stand for the National welfare,
for the interests of the great West, for free
silver coinage, for the advancement of
California, and it should send tbat delega
tion untrammeled, unhampered, unre
stricted, potent in the vigor of an absolute
freedom.
RAILROAD OBSTINACY.
A strong argument in favor of foreclos
ure by the Government to recover the
debt owing it by the Union and Central
Pacific roads has been furnished by the
Union Pacific in its refusal, together with
the Rio Grande roads, to give Ogden the
benefit of low local distribution rates
throughout Utah in order that San Fran
cisco merchants may be on equal terms
with those of Chicago in bidding for the
Utah trade. It will be remembered that
the Traffic Association of San Francisco
has been laboring diligently to secure such
a concession, as the discrimination now
practiced by those roads against San Fran
cisco and in favor of Chicago makes it im
possible for this City to compete.
Should the Union and Central Pacific be
pot up at auction under foreclosure they
would be the most tempting bait in the
whole country to caoitalists desiring a val
uable railroad property. Under the pres
ent system the Union ana Central Pacific
are in mutual rivalry, and as a result tbe
income of both is impaired. The South
ern Pacific deliberately diverts traffic from
the Central Pacific to the Southern in or
der to secure a longer haul, and of course
this diversion cripples the business of the
Union Pacific.
In return for this the Union Pacific now
refuses t<> make an arrangement, which
would give the Central Pacific some of the
Utah business which the Union Pacific
controls. If the two roads were under the
same ownership this injurious rivalry
would not exist. Of much greater ulterior
importance than the losses which these
roads suffer by reason of this rivalry is the
effect of the antagonism on the welfare of
California. The Southern Pacific is hardly
entitled to credit for its efforts to induce
the Union Pacific to surrender some of its
business, seeing that the Union Pacific
could not have been expected to make the
sacrifice while it observes the Southern
Pacific fattening at its expense.
It would be advisable to call this recent
occurrence to the attention of Congress
and show how the earning capacity and
value of tbe two roads could be greatly
increased by providing for their operation
as one line. In such an event it would be
impossible for the Southern Pacific to in
jure the two roads by choosing to send the
bulk ot the California traffic over the
Southern Pacific, and equally impossible
for the Union Pacific to prevent San
Francisco's competition with Chicago and
thus retard the growth of California. In
any view of the case it is monstrous that
the whole power of determining the pros
perity of any city or State should repose
in the hands of railway companies.
DEMOCRATIC LITERATURE.
The leaders of the Democratic party
have organized a literary bureau with
headquarters in New York and branch
bureaus nearly everywhere. The iirst
purpose of the bureau appears to be to
work up a feeling among the rank and file
that enthusiastic attention to the business
of the party will be sure to put the Repub
licans iirst on the defensive and lastly in
the abyss of defeat.
On the face of current political events
there is nothing whatever to inspire hope
in the breast of even the most sanguine
Democrat, but the party's organization
must be kept aglow with the utmost possi
ble enthusiasm, for money will be needed
for campaign purposes, and the spirit of
plunder must not be allowed to put on the
robes of despair.
The bureau has sufficiently outlined its
programme to warrant the belief that for
boldness and daring it has reached the
acme of hypocrisy and falsehood, and that
without waiting for a competitor tbe high
est premium for audacity may be safely
awarded to it. Expert statisticians have
already prepared exhibits to show by
alleged official figures of the treasury that
the country is very much stronger finan
cially and commercially than it was at any
time under the Harrison administration.
Figures are treated to show that when the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
tariff act of 1890 took effect there was a
surplus in the treasury of about $105,000, •
000, and that when the Wilson act became
operative it was found that what is called
the McKinley law nad not only exhausted
the $105,000,000 to make good deficits in
revenue, but an unprovided for floating
debt of $59,000,000 had been created.
This lie is so brazen, weak and stupid
that the only refutation it needs is the
statement of tbe fact that up to date the
Cleveland administration has not only
exhausted the surplus it found in the
treasury upon the retirement of President
Harrison, but it has incurred a bond and
deficit debt of over $300,000,000, besides
costing the trade and traffic of the
country several thousand million dollars
by destroying commercial confidence.
If Democracy is to accomplish anything
in the coming campaign it will have to
adopt different tactics from these. No
literary bureau can erase from the public
mind the iessons learned in the school of
experience during the disastrous years of
this administration. Even if the people
could forget those lessons the deficit tariff
remains to remind them of what free
trade means. The bureau might as well
be paid off and abolished. The people will
vote this year for protection and prosperity.
THE FARMER AND PROTECTION.
The esteemed Stockton Mail declines to
accept The Call's reason why protection
is better than free trade for the American
farmer, but that is because the Mail looks
at economic questions as through a glass,
darkly. Its political bias obscures fora
time its mental vision, and hence it drifts
from point to point in the ocean of politi
cal economy without knowing where it
is "at."
A quarter of a century ago the grain
consuming countries of the world were
obliged to look to the United States to
make up their deficit in breaustuffs, but
since then quite or nearly 15,000 miles of
railway have been constructed between
the coast and the wheat lands in India.
The wheat lands of Argentina have been
put under cultivation and transportation
facilities to ocean shipping provided.
Russia has already become a large wheat
producing country, and will be still larger
as the Siberian railway is extended — over
G. 000,000 bushels having been marketed
last year from regions hitherto inaccessi
ble to markets. These countries have
driven America out of the markets of
Kurope as tbe chief source of breadstuff
supplies. Not only so, but wheat is pro
duced cheaper in those countries than in
this.
Now, the consequence of all this is, the
American farmer is drawn upon oy Europe
for wheat only when tbe countries named
fail to supply the demand, but the demand
is not now urgent enough upon the
country to set aside prices that are fixed
upon the basis of the cost of production in
Russia, India and South America. Hence
it is that while our farmers may continue
to tind a market in Kurope for their sur
plus produce, they are obliged to accept
prices that are satisfying to their cheap
labor competitors, or not sell at all. Such
are the conditions under which American
farmers must seek buyers in the produce
markets of Europe.
If the Mail is aware of the fact that these
new grain-producing countries have not
only made our farmers last but not abso
lutely necessary suppliers of breadstuff
for European consumers, it should frankly
admit that it is the duty of our Govern
ment to come to their relief. But how
can the Government create a home market
other than by encouraging the erection oi
individual establishments which would
employ enough consumers of farm prod
ucts to make a permanent home market?
And, again, how could the building of
mills and factories be encouraged unless
they are protected against the same kind
of foreign competition, cheap labor, that
is driving our farmers to the wall?
It has already been demonstrated suffi
ciently clear, one would think, for the
Ma il to understand that the salvation of
the American farmer is to be found only
in increasing the consumption of his
products at home in, a way \hat will at
once protect the consumer and himself
against a competitor with whom neither
could successfully compete, except by
adopting his methods and manner of liv
ing. In other words, our farmer cannot
be successfully protected against the pau
per farm labor grain-raisers of Russia,
India and South America in any other
way than by such an economic policy by
the General Government that will beyond
peradventure increase as well as protect
buyers at their own door. This is the
rational, the logical and sensible solution
of the whole matter. It is certain that
upon a careful reconsideration of the sub
ject the Mail will see that the producer
and consumer must stand together upon
the solid ground of mutual protection
against a common enemy or both must
fall and perish.
A BRILLIANT EVENT.
The Santa Clara County Carnival of
Roses, for which so careful and extensive
preparations have been made, will open at
San Jose to-morrow and close Saturday
night. An idea of the splendor of the
festival may be inferred from the fact that
no%hing Haphazard will appear, but all
will be the product of the co-operation of
leading citizens of both sexes, of thorough
organization and the painstaking working
out of an elaborate and harmonious
scheme and of months devoted to prepara
tion. In the single item of flowers alone
the committee having that branch of the
work in hand planted over 100 acres in
flowering plants, besides securing several
carloads of blooms from the generous resi
dents of neighboring towns and cities.
The general and individual decorations
have been made on a magnificent scale.
The electric tower in the center of the city,
200 feet in height, will be a solid mass of
color. The enthusiasm animating the
general committee has spread to all the
residents, who are decorating their houses
with a lavishness never before observed.
The great pavilion where the indoor exer
cises will be held and the booths estab
lished will be a brilliant spectacle. All
the public schools will turn out their
pupils in tbe parade, and each school will
be represented by a gorgeously decorated
float.
An outline of the programme is as fol
lows: The formal opening of the carnival
will be held ut the pavilion at 10 o'clock
this morning with addresses, a grand con
cert and the like. At 2 o'clock in the
afternoon will occur the grand floral
pageant and a review by tbe beautiful
queen of the carnival, Miss Lillian Rea.
At 8 in the evening a grand concert and
dance. On Thursday at 2:30 o'olock will
be a polo game between tbe JBurlingame
and Riverside clubs. At 8 o'clock grand
display of fireworks. At 8 :30 o'clock con
cert and grand ball. Friday, at 10:30
o'clock, the Stanford and Berkeley base
ball teams will play a game. At 2:30
o'clock general held sporta with Stanford
against the world, and at 8 o'clock in the
evening a stage entertainment by the Stan
ford students, followed by dancing. Sat
urday afternoon there will be a great bicy
cle meet and contests for prizes. The
evening will be given over to King Cole
and his lawless band of maskers in a pa
rade, followed by a mask ball. That is
certainly a rich programme.
San Jose wears its pleasantest aspect at
this time of the year, and the ordinary
beauties of the place will be enhanced a
thousand-fold by tbe intelligent efforts of
the people in the way of decorations and
generous hospitality. Not only is San
Jose itself surpassingly beautiful, but all
the country thereabouts, accessible by the
finest roads in tbe State, is a continuous
succession of pretty gardens and orchards
and artistic homes.
THE SLEEVE.
What Is it that in fearful size,
That ever grows as time takes flight,
in myriad shapes and widespread rage,
la quite the wonder of me sge? . .
The modern sleeve.
What is it gives the beat pretexts
>or glances that reveal the heart. . .
For lover's nothings, whispered lovr,
When into coat Bleeveltmnst go ? '
The modern sleeve.
What in It that makes social feuds, '
Knibitlers tempers once most sweet,
When in last Inter's jacket small -
.Must go the largest of them all?
• The modern sleeve.
What is It that promotes our trade
And makes the merchant's heart grow light?
The ceaseless strife for fashion's sake.
he countless lengths and breadths that make
The modern sleeve.
What is it fills the theater seat,
And at the concert or the play
one rival has— tbe theater hat—
And comes iv size quite up t» that?
The modern sleeve.
What is it that will bring about
An era of colossal thine*.
If other parts must fashioned be .
In like proportions as we see
■ The modern sleeve.
Jsanxttr E. Fow-kb in New York Sun.
PERSONAL.
Maurice Walef of Paris is here.
W. B. Farrar of Fresno is in town.
Dr. R. W. Musgrare of Hanford is at the Bald
win.
Dr. A. W. McFarlane of Philadelphia It at the
Grand.
A. S. Jacobs of New York is staying at the
Cosmopolitan.
Ex-Mayor B. C. Steinman of Sacramento is
on a visit here.
The Rev. C. s. Fackenthall of Pacific Grove is
at the Occidental.
A. C. Rosedale, a business man of Pacific
Grove, is in town.
W. V. Mattock of Oregon is among the arriv
als at the Baldwin.
G. W. Harney, a real estate dealer of Maryi-
Tille, is at tbe Grand.
The Rev. \V. A. Brewer of San Mateo is among
recent arrivals here.
J. W. Eden, a business man of Pocatello,
Idaho, is at the Lick.
W. 11. Hatton, the attorney, of Modesto, ar
rived here yesterday.
David Btarr Jordan, president of Stanford
University, is here on a brief trip.
R. B. Butler, the extensive fruit and grape
grower, of Fresno, arrived bere yesterday.
Louis Kahn, the banker and extensive grain
dealer, of Oakdale, is among receut arrivals.
Glen Miller of the staff of the Salt Lake
Tribune is among the arrivals at the Occiden
tal.
Lieutenant-Governor E. L. Jeter came up
from Santa Cruz last night and is at the
Palace.
J. B. Curtln, the popular District Attorney of
Tuolumne County, is registered at the Cosmo
politan.
J. H. Hertsche, a railroad builder and con
tractor of Oregon, is registered at the Cosmo
politan.
Arthur Thomas of Raymond, on the road to
the Yosemite, was among those who reached
here yesterday.
H. Milliken. a wealthy manufacturer of
Massachusetts, who has been for some time in
Southern California, is at the Palace.
F. C. Nelson .a leading electric railway man,
of Ferndale, the dairy center of Humboldt
County, is among tht arrival* at the Palace.
L. J. Burrell, brother of Governor Burrel! of
Maine, and a prominent railroad man of the
Pine Tree State, is in the City. He has been
making a tour of California.
J. F. Gove, the widely known owner of differ
ent mining interests and buyer of lead and
copper ores, will leave for Coulter-ille tc-day,
near which place he owns mining property.
United States Marshal L. L. Williams of
Alaska reached here from Sitfca last night. He
brought down some prisoners committed for
small offenses, who ere to be confined at
Alcatraz.
O. F. Paxton, the attorney and Republican
political boss of Portland, who has sneceeded
Jim Latan and Joe Simon and is dealing out
politics according to new rules in the Webfoot
metropolis, is in town.
Charles Monroe of Lo» Angeles, who founded
the town of Monrovia and made a large for
tune in those booming times when many men
were making competencies, is among the ar
rivals here. He is at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., May s.— At the Astor, J.
C. Bauer; St. James, Mr. and Mrs. J. Bee;
Normandie, B. T. Lacy ; Morton, W. L. Wright;
Barrett, J. B. Eldridge"; Imperial, C. F. G.
Laviolette.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"Tommy, you must not Interrupt me when
lam talking to those ladies. Wait till we stop
and then you can talk."
"But, ma, you never stop."— Pittsburg Dis
patch.
Wicks— You and your roommate look so odd
together— he is bo tall and you so short. Why
don' t you take one of your size T
Hioks— l wanted to get one that wouldn't
borrow my dress suit.— Somerville Journal.
Merchant— James !
Clerk— Yes, sir.
Merchant— Why don't you pull down those
curtainsT Don't you know that those goods
in the window are warranted not to fade?—
Roxbury Gazette.
"Yes, sir; that man's indolence has actually
made him rich."
"How so?"
"Well, his father left him a little property
and he was so too all-tired lazy to spend the
income."— Detroit News.
"Skiggs, what makes you look so blue?"
"I think you'd look blue if you had changed
your underclothing, and the weather had
changed, and you found yourself downtown
without a cent of change. Lend me a dollar."
"Can't do it, Skiggs. I was cleaned out on
'Change this morning myself."— Chicago Trib
une.
A MYSTERIOUS SCHEME.
The Amador Record.
A leading editorial In Tuesday's issue of the
Sail Francisco Cau. thus adverts to a pur
ported Amador County mining enterprise:
There has come to hand an artistic little pam
phlet advertising: shares in a valuable mice on tbe
great "mother lode" in Amador County. Tbe
shares are offered at 60 cents each, and tbe pro
ceeds are desired to extend tbe development of tbe
mine. It can easily be seen bow surb schemes as
this should be fostered, it being assumed that they
are honest. • • •
Uuch plans as this not only offer a means for tbe
development of valuable mines wiihnut the aid of
wealthy persons, but an opportunity for the profit
able investment of small savings, and also pro
mote economy and thrift.
The Record has no knowledge of the scheme
spoken of above, and therefore is not in a posi
tion to speak knowingly of its merits or de
merits; but it is always a safe proposition to
go by for those desiring to invest money in
any mining proposition to tight shy of
schemes which are hidden and unknown to
the local newspapers published in the pur
ported vicinity of the lauded enterprise. The
local paper bai a deep interest in the pros
perity and good name of ita own section, and
will never knowingly mislead the public or
the seeker after legitimate information. Am
ador County has so far escaped the fever of
illegitimate minlDg speculation*, and there is
no desire ou the part of her citizens to try
any experiment on that perilous sea of uncer
tainty and wrecked aspirations. For these
reasons, if for no other, the Record will
steadily set ita mark of disapproval against
any mining scheme which will not bear the
searchlight of home investigation and is by
this means found worthy of home approval.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
The marimba-players who arrived here a
day or two ago irom Guatemala in charge of
George E. Story and James Neal yesterday »?ot
their queer wooden instruments out of the
Custom-house and brought them up to the
Russ, where they are making their head
quarters.
There are five of these instruments and as
many players to go with them. All these are
natives of Guatemala. Arrayed in their native
costumes yesterday, as they knocked out the
weird music from the huge wooden keys with
their little mallets, they were a strange sight
It was by no means bad music, either. In fact
everybody enjoyed it who heard it, and others
wno dropped in late would fain have heard
more, if the players could have been persuaded
to go on.
The marimba was invented by the rude In
dians of Central America so far back tnat his-
Tbe Cuiion.; Guatemalan Indian Instrument Known as the Marimba, Which Waa
Taken Out of the Custom-House Yesterday.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
Tory knows nothing about it, apparently.
Whin adventurous Spaniards from the mother
country came to Guatemala in 1570 and
founded Antigua they found the Indians there
had this instrument. They played it well, and
Antigua has since been known as the place
where the marimba was originated.
It is a wasp-like creation, or would be if a
wasp were built on a gigantic scale and turned
over on his back. The keys or boards on which
the player beats with a rubber and iron ham
mer are from a foot and a half to two feetlong,
approximately, and about three inches wide.
Antigua, the native home of the marimba,
was located at the foot of the volcano of Fuego,
or crater of fire, and hard by was the Aqua, or
water volcano. In 1773 the fire volcano
belched forth and destroyed Antigua, then the
capital. Guatemala City then became the seat
of government.
The marimba is built on the principle of the
xylophone. The keyboard contains five octaves.
There is a row of pipes under the keyboard
which multiplies the sound. The music is
sweet and weird. There is none other in the
world like it. It has been said that the music
is like that of the xylophone, but clearer and
more piercing.
The wood used in the manufacture of the
marimba is only to be found in the forests of
Central America. It is called "chicnipati"
and it is almost as heavy as iron. It is very
difficult to obtain, as the trees are rare and
grow only where the roots are submerged in
water. The sticks or hammers have at the
ends a knob of rubber, being, as it comes from
the tree, hard, but very elastic. Of course the
framework is made from mahogany or almost
any of the native woods, but the keys are and
must be from the "chichipatL"
The marimba is generally played upon by
two or more, or several instruments may be
played simultaneously.
The native Spanish music sounds best when
played on the marimba, the jerky character
of the music fitting exactly with the tone of
the instrument, although it is perfectly possible
to play operatic music on the marimba and
to hear it at its best "La Paloma" can be ever
recalled if once heard played on this instru
ment.
LADY'S ROUND WAIST
WITH FITTED LINING WHICH MAY BE OMITTED.
A shape equally popular for wash goods, silk
ana woolen fabrics is shown here. It has a
fitted lining, over which tne goods is seamless;
smooth across the top of the back, with a few
gathers at the waistline, and gathered at neck
and waist in front. Over this fullness in front
three bands are laid, which may be of lace
embroidery, ribbon, spangled vet, embroidered
chiffon or jet, according to the fabric em
ployed. These bands may be made separate
sewn to strips which are hooked to the neck
baud and waist line, thus making it possible to
wear other trimming with the same waist
such as a batiste collar or a fichu of mull. The
sleeves are me stylish bishop shape, with a
fitted lining. For wash dresses the lining in
waist and sleeve both may be omitted. The
turnover collar and cuffs may be made sepa
rate, so ribbon collar aud cuffs may be substi
tuted.
A dress of batiste with white lines had bands
of Insertion edge with frills of lace to match
the same lace and insertion trimmed collar
and cuffs. A white leather belt was worn with
this chic gown, of which the skirt was perfectly,
plain.
A Dresden silk waist had bands of em
broidered batiste, with cuffs and collar of the
same batiste.
A dress of blue mohair had white satin _rib
bon, with yellow lace bands over it for trim
ming, the belt being of white ribbon.
A dress of cheviot had bands of light brown
batiste, with belt, cuffs and collar also of the
leather.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Miss Anna Laurens Dawes, who is making
quite a reputation as a magazine and news
paper writer, is a daughter of ex-Senator
Dawes of Massachusetts.
In Mr. William Watson's new volume of
poems, one of the finest, ana the one to which
Scottish readers will certainly turn most read
ily, is that called "The Tomb of Burns."
Jean de Reszke, it is announced, will finally
marry the Countess Mlramailli, who has been
betrothed to him for some time, but could not
marry until she got her divorce from her hus
band. It is said the wedding will occur in
May, and that Jean will leave the stage soon
afterward.
Young King Alexander of Servia has got the
mitten again, Princess Marie of Greece, whom
he wanted to marry, having become engaged
to Grand Duke George Michaelovltch of Rus
sia.
King Albert of Saxony prefers the pipe to the
cigarette, his former indulgence. Both King
Humbert of Italy and the Emperor Joseph of
Austria patronize the cigar. The King of the
Belgians always smokes a briar pipe.
M. Siegler has won his suit against Prince
Henry of Orleans for 275,000 francs. The case
was tried in Paris. The money was the amount
of "open credit" given to the Prince for his use
by Siegler some time ago.
Wilhelmina I, the girl Queen of Holland,
rises at 7 every morning, winter and summer.
She breakfasts at 8 and at 9 o'clock her lessons
are commenced. The study she enjoys above
all others is history. At 11:30 the morning's
work is completed, and the Queen goes for a
drive, always in an open carriage, however
severe the weather may be.
A POOR FIGURE.
Stockton Graphic.
California has had the glory of sending
pledged delegates to National conventions
but the price she has paid for that glory has
been altogether too much. This vain folly has
placed our great State at the tail end of
National politics,' and allowed other States
(with unpledged delegates to the convention)
to trade us out of our just rights, while our
representatives lay manacled and powerless to
prevent the robbery. This rainbow-chasing
after glory has given us an inferior position,
politically, among. our sister States, and it
reflects on our political acumen. We have
been a ''figure 9 with the tail cut off in
National politics long enough. Let us send
free delegates into the field this year and at
birthright! an honeat attem P t to regain our
A DEAD WEIGHT.
Guadalupe Standard.
The San Francisco Call in a recent issue
asked for the opinion of the Republican t>ress
of this State on the subject of whether CaU
fornia should send a pledged or an unpledged
delegation to the National Convention
Although we do not come under the Rernibl -
can banner, as we are independent in politics
we believe it would always be to the Eest fn
terests of any State to send an unpledged
delegation to the National Presidential Con
vention as a pledged candidate is always a
dead weight in such a place. «»-_>_ »
A HOBBLED HORSE.
Stockton Graphic.
Did you ever see a hobbled horse in afield
with a number of nnhobbled nags? Well
that s the position you put a pledged delegate
WOULD BE COWARDLY.
Santa Monica Outlook.
If we send a pledged delegation to St. Louia
we might as well send just one man and have
done with it. Pledging is a cowardly act.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Best Sea Stobies-J. \\\, City. The best sea
C#&?uSSlt! ni^y Clafk Rußsell an <*
Warden Hale-W.A. S., Fresno, CaL War
den Hale of the . penitentiary at Point San
Quentin is a Republican. -oini ban
Michael Reesk— W. W. a., City. Michael
Reese, the California millionaire, died of !!!
To Columbus— s., City. The fare to n_v
asK&2tt_w=!
«™> maps, between nine agd^£ c ng *°
A Cold Day-W. H.; Alameaa, CaL The ex
preslion, "It's a cold day when I Bet w » if *
its origin, in freeze-out 3___L^_x:
eachplayep bays a^certaln'nuiSer^S
limbs' you want a sure relief *« -ains in the back, side chest, or
limbs, use an «•"-», »mc, cnesx, or
AUcock's piaster
tion. B f, A L I goo I d I _ D rh?°^ I1 oth0 th ' lM5t «,—-•«• and *-_-
and, when he loses them, can buy no more,
but is frozen out, or, more idiomatically, is
"froze out." The froze-outs are the subjects of
facetious inquiry as to the state of the ther
mometer, and the winner's glie generally
takes some such form as this: "It may be a
cold day for you fellows, but it will have to be
a great deal colder before I get left."
Folk— B. L. J., Vallejo. The word "folk"
means people, considered either distinctively
or collectively, is applied to people in general
and is used In a plural sense either as folk or
folks. In the Bible (Mark vi:s) is found, "He
laid his hands upon a few sick folk and healed
them." In an old English work there is, "So,
when they came to the door, they went in, uot
knocking, for tbe iolks use not to knocic at the
door of an inn." The term is also applied to
persons classed as a group, with a qualifying
adjective, as "the old folks," "the young
folks," or "the poor folks," but this is merely
colloquial. Fielding, in "Joseph Andrews,"
has "Some folks rail against other folks be
cause other folks have wnat some folks would
be glad of."
Marriages and Births— J. P. L., Sunnyside,
Cal. The law of 1893 did not require the pub
lication of marriage notices in this State, but
it did then, as now. require that all who per
form the ceremony of marriage shall keep a
register of each marriage and file a certified
copy of such record with the County Recorder
at stated periods. When there was a marriage
by contract there was no need for a license, Dut
a license is required for every form of marriage
at this time, as contract marriages are no
longer recognized in this State. Every physi
cian and midwife who, professionally, is pres
ent at a birth must keep a record of such birth
and tile a copy of the same with the County
Recorder. If there has been neither physician
nor midwife in attendance, the parents must
register the birth at the oftice o£ the Recorder.
Orange Blossoms— Subscriber, City. It is
impossible to tell how far back the custom of
wearing orange-blossoms by brides runs, but
the Saracen brides wore the blossoms as an
emblem of fecundity. Occasionally the same
emblem may have been worn by European
brides since the days of the Crusades, but the
general adoption of wreaths of orange-blos
soms for brides is comparatively a modern
practice, due to the taste for tie flower lan
guage. In that language the orange-blossom
means "chastity" when used for a bride and
"your purity equals your loveliness" when
sent by an admirer to the idol of his heart.
The subject of bridal decoration being made a
study and the orange flower being found suita
ble, from the use made of it by the ancient
Sarace_6, it was introduced by modistes as a
fit ornament for brides. Tne notion one©
planted, soon became a custom, and is adopted
by all brides who study the conventions of
society and follow the accepted fashions.
Capture of Jeff Davis— J. F. G., Byron, Cal.
Jefferson Davis, President of the Southern Con
federacy, was not shot at the time he was cap
tured. The story of his capture, aa told by
Horace Greely in his "American Conflict," is as
follows:
Mr. Davis had even separated, for greater safety,
from his family, but ou an alarm of peril to which
they were said to be exposed from a conspiracy to
rob them of the gold they were suDposed to be
carrying off he rejoined them over night, when his
sylvan encampment near Irwlnsvlfie, Ga., was
struck by Lieutenant-Colonel Pritcbarf, Fourth
Michigan Cavalry, who, upon advices that what
remained of the rebellion was working its way
furtively southward through Georgia, had been
dispatched by General Wilson from Macon in
quest of him, as had also the First Wisconsin Cav
alry, Lieutenant-Colonel Harden. Theae two com
mands moved by different roads down the Ocmul
gee. Pritchard struck at length the trail he was
seeking and followed to the encampment afore
said, which he surprised at early dawn, easily tak
ing captive Mr. Davis, his wife, her sister and his
children; but being directly thereafter involved in
a fight with the hirst Wisconsin, which was dos
ing in on the quarry irom another quarter, and,
each taking the other for enemies, the two com
mands opeaed a reciprocal lire, whereby two men
were killed and several wounded before the mu
tual mistake was d scovered. The dead were
borne sadly to Abbeyviile and there buried; the
wounded, with the prisoners, were conveyed to
Macon, whence Davis wus taken, via Savannah
and tbe ocean, to Fortress Monroe.
This was on tho 10th of May, 1865, and those
directly concerned in the capture were Lieu
tenant J. G. Dickinson and Corporal Mungcr
of Colonel Pritchard's command. The reward
of $100,000 was distributed among the sol
diers who arrested Davis.
Try Townsend'ssoft chewing Molasses Taffy.*
•— ♦ — « .
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's."
« ♦ — •• — ■ ~ -^
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
' p * • — ♦ * — •
"He seems very tough," observed the savage
who had twice helped himself. - - -
"Yes." rejoined the savage who ate with his
knife, "but he has a good heart."— Detroit Trib
une. ____________________ ''Vi
Take the Northern Pacific to All Points
Kusk
If you are going East call at 638 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vestitmled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist cars
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepara
once a week. T. K. Stateler, agent.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Fain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sura and a*ic
for Mrs. W'inslow's Soothing Syrup. _5c a boitla.
. Cobostado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and | Is entirely tree from tho mists com
mon farther north. Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board ac the Hotel dst
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4St* Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Julius yon Payer, the Arctic explorer, has
painted four large pictures of the Franklin ex
pedition, which axe about to be exhibited in
London. They are called: "Last Moments oi
Sir John Franklin," "Toe Abandoning of ihe
Ship," "Divine fcervice," and "Starvation
Cove."
NEW TO-DAY. ' ;
* THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
_ DRUGGISTS.
Don't Be Swindled. :
Save Your Dimes. W
Gome Direct to
The Owl
• .For your Prescriptions. You
always get what you order and
you save 4O to 6O per cent.
Lydia Pinkhftm's Compound ($1 size). _._.... 75c
Paine's Celery Compound ($1 size) 600
Hood's or Joy's Sarsaparilla ($1 size) .'...'.tSsc
Carlsbad Sails (*1 5ize)...... : ..............65c
Pond's Extract or eiyrup of Figs (50c size).. ...35c
Woodbury's 50c Size
Facial 25c per Cake
Soap 3 Cakes for 50c
CDEWIM (JIM, ALL BRANDS ' 3 FOR 10c.
Country Orders filled at our regu-
lar Cut Prices.
Goods delivered free to Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley.
1128 IVl__.l_l£__T ST.,
. SAN FRANCISCO.
Corner Tenth St. and Broadway, Oakland,*^^ a«*ii j wft*fcfy*4 M wW#w
WEDNESDAY ...............MAY 6. 1898
I AMUSEMENTS.
.^. I ' r) '!J n * Tbbatmu-«tlib Strange Adventures
oi-mmi Brown.
Caufornia THKATEB-Primrose and West's
.Minstrels.
Columbia Trtcatkr— "Faust." •
Morosco's Opera-Housk— "Vlrglnlus."
inroLj opera-Housic— "The Chimes of Nor-
mandy.* .;,'.;*.
OnpHEUM— High-Class Vaudeville.
Gboveb's Ait a: a i . -Our Boys."
The AnDiTOßiuic— Corner of Jones and Kddy
ttrects— Prof. D. M. Bristol's Eques-Currlculum.
Mechanics' Pa Bench Show, Wednes-
day, May P.
Ma, Tbeatib (OAKLAND)--The Great
Zanzlcs.
Bctbo Const Island— Bathing and Perform-
ance
Shoot the Chutes— Daily at Hatght street, one
block east of the Park.
i ie Coabt Jockey Club.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For the Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary l x.ursion and Family Picnic
of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Ulenwood Pars.
AUCTION SALES.
Bt F. T. Keeucb— day (Wednesday), Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearuy street, at 11 a. ii.,
2 and 7p.k.
' By A. M. Speck A Co.-This day (Wednesday.)
Real Estate, at salesroom. 602 Market street, at
12 o'clock.
By Sullivan «fe Dot Saturday, May 9,
corses, wagons, etc, at 220 Vale street, at
11 o'clock.
By Eabios A Eldridoe— May 12,
Real Estate, at 638 Market St., at 12 o'clock noon.
* », By William J. Dinoee— Saturday, May 16,
Real Eg. ate. near Dwiglit Way and Telegraph
avenue, Berkeley, at 2 o'clock.
By Bhainwald. Buckbee «fc Co.— Wednesday,
May 27, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
pomery street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The woman's congress is In progress in
Native Sons' Hall.
"Fair, Wednesday," wag the prediction is
sued last night by Forecast Official McAdie.
The second day of the woman' congress was
even a greater success than the opening day.
The City Hall Commissioners have adopted
Architect Shea's plans for a directory of the
building.
Complaint is made that the streetcar trans
fer acents blockade the sidewalks at Market
and Powell streets.
The building trades committees yesterday
found it necessary to call out nnion men a
second time on several jobs.
Ceorge A. Hoag committed suicide yesterday
in room 50 of the Murphy building by taking
half an ounce of strychnine.
The Republican Club of the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District favors an unpledged delega
tion to the National Convention.
The Government intervention suit was be
fore Judge McKenna yesterday. Judge Garber
spoke the entire day in behalf of the railroad.
The Supreme Court has just decided a case
which woula have been important a year ago.
It is the case of Wallace Bradford against the
City.
The attention of the architects of San Fran
cisco has been called to the ease with which
building material can be procured in Cali
.fornia.
George K. White has been adjudged guilty of
contempt of court for having transferred sev
eral notes and mortgages iv defiance of the
court's order.
Father Yorke lectured to an immense au
dience in Metropolitan Temple last night, his
subject being "The Cassock in the Capitol, or
Father Marquette."
The application of Andy Clunie to compel
the Assessor to do his duty by the Market
street Railway Company was argued before the
Supreme Court yesterday.
Judge Morrow of the United States District
• Court was compelled to adjourn court yester
day on recount of sudden illness. The trouble
is not supposed to be serious.
Every favorite on the card was beaten at
Intlcide yesterday. The winnirg horses
were Lodestar, Bel licoso, Don Caesar, Summer
Time Afflatus, and Instigator.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associ
ation wiil lend its support to the Harbor Com
mipsioners in its stand upon selecting Colusa
•stone lor the new ferry depot.
Complaint has been made to the Board of
Health that the health of the pupils of Win
field Scott School and of families near it is
endangered by a stagnant pond of water.
Frederick Beli, the son of the late million
aire, Thomas Beil, is lying at death's door at
his nome stricken down by an accident fimi
lar to that which caused his tamer's death.
The Mechanics' Institute and the Manufac
turers and Producers' Association have joined
bands to exclude all but Pacific Coast manu
factures and products from the coming fair.
A large portion of the steti work [or the ferry
building has been ordered oy the Kisdon Iron
Works, which secured the contract, from the
Carnegie Iron and Steel Works of Pittsburg, Pa.
William F. Kelly, an ex-employe in the Post
office, was booked at the City Prison yesterday
on the charge of defrauding his cousin, Robert
Kirlen, a farmer, out of $502 50 by forging his
name.
Under the geperal head "Government" many
interesting topics wiil be discussed at the
Woman's Congress in Native Sons' Hall to-day.
Morning, afternoon and evening sessions will
be held.
Charles A. Bacon of the music firm ot Bacon
<t Armstrong had his nose puncued by Louis
F. Grssler of Sherman <k Clay's, an-.i for the at
tenrraisi damuges he sued for $5000. The jury
gave him $30.
■ For the first time in the history of the Epis
copal church there were women lay delegates
at the forty-sixth annual convention of the
Diocese of California, which opened yesterday
in Grace Church.
James Moore, 20 years of age, had charges of
petty larceny, battery and grand larceny
booked against him yesterday, and another
charge will be entered against him as soon as
the police find an owner for a watch.
J. A. McClure was yesterday held to answer
beiore the Superior Court by Judge Jflachim
sen In $2000 bonds for forging the name of E.
A. Broone-Ri'iley to a check for $190, which
he passed on the Kelly-Donohoe Bank.
Laura Miland, the supposed widow of the
late Charles James, has filed a contest to the
petition for distribution filed by '.he other
relatives of James. She alleges that she is the
widow and that she and her child are the only
heirs.
Judge Trout t has rendered judgment for the
defendants in the suit of Pilger et al. vs. Strass
- man et al. The suit was to quiet title to some
valuable City property, and Judge Troutt has
decided that the defendants, Lucy Pilger,
Joseph Pilger and Hilda Levy, are the real
owners.
The long-overdue schooner Viking got in
from the South Seas yesterday. She was in
three storms and a hurricane. Captain Lut
trell reports the sudden death of two well
known South Sea Island traders and the burn
ing of a Catholic church. Captain Kustel had
iii.- hand blown oft.
John Malloa, the defendant in a suit in
which Asa Fisk secured a judgment on a note
with enormous iuterest, has filed an affidavit
in support of a motion tor a new trial, in
■which he states that tne. jurors were all in his
favor and would have gi-.eii him judgment but
for the court's instructions.
Householders and agents in charge have of
lati- been greatly harassed by burglars, who
enter residences which are either permanently
or temporarily unoccupied auu sieai anything
from a pound of lead pipe lo diamond jewelry.
Many vacant houses have been greatly
damaged by having the plumbing destroyed.
Alva E. Snow of Fresno, at present District
Attorney, ib declared by one who is conversant
with the story of the Snell-Davis-Calhoun
claim to the Davistestate to have a sole power
of compromise which the heirs are powerless
to annul, thus leaving him master of the situa
tion.' An effort to supersede him necessarily
resulted In a compromise.
Siolasses and Flour.
Commissioner Heacock yesterday dismissed
the case against Dennis Gallagner charged
with having unstamped opium in his posses
sion. The expert employed by the court de^
cided that tbe content.', of tbe thirty tins
seized two weeks ago were nothing more hurt
ful ihan a mixture of molasses and flour. Gal
lagher is a fireman on the steamship Australia
and the "opium" was intended for the native.*
of Hawaii.
When Baby was sick, we gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria,
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
SUDDEN DEATHS
AND DISASTERS,
Grewsome News From the
South Seas by the
Viking.
HURRICANE AND STORM.
A Catholic Church Burnt by
Natives in the Gilbert
Group.
TWO TRADERS DIE SUDDENLY.
Missionaries Who Cannot Stand the
Climate — Three Are Dead and
Others Very Sick.
The long overdue schooner Viking got
in from the Boutn Sea Islands early yes
terday morning and it took Captain Lut
trell nearly all of the forenoon answering
the congratulations of his host of friends.
Everybody had almost given up hope, and
•when the arrival of the schooner was an
nounced there was an immediate rush to
Meiggs wharf to welcome home the cap
tain and his wife.
John S. Kittle, son of Mrs. Nicholas Q.
Kittle of this City, who was a passenger,
also received a hearty welcome home.
When the fact that the schooner was long
overdue was announced in The Call the
mother was almost prostrated, but now
that the Viking has arrived in safety all is
well.
The trading schooner had a terrible time.
She was in three storms, went on the rocks
near Kusai and was in a hurricane for
three days, during which time not a stitch
of canvas could be carried. The provi
sions began to give out and sooner than
run any risks Captain Luttrell spoke the
barkentine Jane A. Falkenberg and se
cured extra supplies from her. While the
Viking was in tne hurricane the seas broke
all over her at rirst. Then Captain Lut
trell got three oil bans out astern, and
although the schooner wallowed in the
trough of the sea for three days thereafter
not a wave broke aboard. The hull of the
vessel is patched up with canvas and the
crew all show the signs of their battles
with the elements, but then all are in good
health and safe in port, and that is a great
thing.
The Viking bnngs the biggest buaget of
news that has come from the South Seas
for a long time. "We left Apia, Samoa,
on January 4 last and expected to reach
San Francisco the latter part of March,"
said Captain Luttrell yesterday. "We
were bound for Taputeouea and expected
to make the run in a week. Instead of
that we ran into a storm and it took us
seventeen days. We had a hard time of
it. and I tell" you I was glad to reach the
island. We had bad weather all through
the Gilbert group, and it was February 4
before we reached Knsai in the Carolines.
I attempted to sail for San Francisco on
the 14th, but went on the rocks instead.
The current in the 'channel, 'as it is called,
ran like a mill race, and the wind dying
out all we could do was to stand idly by
and watch the vessel drift ashore. She
pounded there for an hour, and had she
not been a remarKably strong schooner
she would have gone to pieces.
"Ah it was fifty natives came to our
assistance. Some of them swam out
through the breakers and brought lines
ashore. Then they went to work witn a
will and r*oon had the Viking in deep
water. Then I beached her and we
patched ud the damage and put canvas
over it. In order to iully repair her we
had to discharge the cargo, and it was
March 7 before we got away. From
that time to Aprii 25 we had nothing but
head winds, and three storms one after
another battered us about. In latitude 42
north, longitude 172 west, we ran into a
hurricane. The only canvas we had out
was what composed the three oil baga,
and for three days and three nights we lay
in the trough of the sea. The schooner
rolled fearfully and at times 1 was afraid
the masts would no by the board. The oil
prevented the waves irom breaking aboard
and the hurricane kept us scudding unuer
bare poles.
"From the start we had nothing but
contrary winds, ami when in latitude 43
north, 157 west, I sighted the barkentine
Jane A F&lkenberc, bound for the Okhotsk
Sea, I boarded her. We were making
awful slow tlnie so I thought it was better
to be sure than sorry, and got some pro
visions from her. From that time we
made a quick run to port and here we are.
"Now as to matters in the islands. The
schooner Norma. Captain Rosehill, left
Kusai for Honolulu on February 19, and
as she has not been reported lam afraid
she is gone. The captain Had his wife
and three children with him, and he took
letters from me to the agents of the
Viking in San Francisco. Those lette.-s
should have been here a month ago, so 1
am afraid for Captain Rosehill, more es
pecially as he would be right in the course
of the storms that proved so disastrous
to the steamer Rio de Janeiro. I hope
the Monowai when she gets in will bring
some news of the missing vessel, as Cap
tain Rosehill, his wiie and children
formed one of the happiest little families
I ever met afloat.
"Our old friend Captain Kustel, who
left San Francisco in the little schooner
Fleur de Lis, met with an accident at
Tarawa on December 29 that will make
him a cripple ior life. He was out fishing,
and not meeting with a great amount of
success proceeded to use dynamite. Three
natives were with him, and when they
saw what he was going to do they pot
into another cane. Kuttel lit the "fuse,
but it was damp and would not burn. He
proceeded to blow on it when it rapidly
began to burn. He had barely got the
little stick at arm's length before" it went
off and blew his hand cleun off. Had he
been blowing the fuse when the explosion
came his head instead of the band would
have gone.
"Alter the explosion thejnatives fled,
but after some persuasion from tua
maimed skipper they came back. He got
them to tear his shirt into strips, and,
making a tourniquet out of a piece of
wood, succeeded in stopping the flow of
blood. By the time he eot back to land
he was nearly dead, but tbe traders fixed
h;m up, and when I left he was out of
danger. There are no anesthetics in the
outlying islands and no surgeons, so
Kustel's arm was trimmed off with a
razor and the stuff poured over the wound
was friars' balsam."
Captain Kustel is a cousin of Captain
Luttrell, and is well known to every
trader and South Sea Island merchant in
San Francisco.
"The Catholics are doing great mis
sionary work in the Gilbert group,"' con
tinued Captain Luttrell. "A great muny
priests, sisters and teachers have cone
there during the past six months, but the
climate does not agree with them, and
three had died and several were danger
ously ill when I left Tarawa. At Tapatue
tne natives burned down the Catholic
Church, und next day the British High
Commissioner was on their trail. He
called all the chiefs together and notified
them that the offenders must be given up
before the Ist of July next, or else a fine
of £11^0 must be paid. In the interval a
British man-of-war will arrive on the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
The Schooner Viking as She Appeared in a Hurricane When on Her Way Here From the Caroline
Group. Oil Bags Were Over the Stern and They Had Such an iffect That Although the Waves
Were Mountains High Net One Broke Over the Little Vessel.
[Sketched by a "Call" artitt from a description furnished by Captain Luttrell.]
scene, and the chances are that the guilty
men will suffer severely. When the
Viking left the priests were busily em
plcyed in rebuilding their church on the
ruins of the old one.
"W. Telfer Campbell has succeeded M.
Swayne as British Hij;h Commissioner in
the Gilbert group. He is much more
strict than his predecessor, but neverthe
less he is one of the most poDuiar men on
the group. Everything has to be done ac
cording to law, but outside of his official
position he is most indulgent. Heretofore
it has been the custom to allow vessels to
trade between the islandf without a li
cense, but when I landed at two islands I
had to pay $50 at each. I am glad be is
enforcing the law, as it will prevent all
kinds of tramps from raining the business.
During Swayne's administration quite a
number of vessels entered and traded with
out paying the license. Campbell is now
following up the goods and is levying on
everything lie can find.
"While we were in the Ellis group Ben
Hird, the traveling manager for Hender
son & Macfarlane of Sydney, N. S. W.,
dropped dead on the schooner Archer.
He was one of tbe best known men in the
Southern Seas, and had only been married
a year. He was a great friend of the late
Robert Louis Stevenson, and the novelist
dedicated his story, 'The Beach of Falesa,'
to him. Tne body was interred at Nuke
fatau. He died of heart disease.
"Another Sydney trader who died at
Nanouti while we were there was Captain
Henty. He was almost as well known as
Ben Hird and as well Jiked. He leaves a
wife and family in Sydney. That is about
the end of my chapter of accidents and
deaths. It is a long one for a cruise of
rive months, and I hope that the next
time I come home I will have more cheer
ful news to tell."
Not that Captain Luttrell is home
again the Sharpshooter will at once be put
in commission, and in a few weeks she
will sail on her maiden voyage in the
Southern Seas. She is a handsome and
commodious barkentine, and will carry
both passengers and cargo.
ALONG THE FRONT.
The Brier Geneva Considerably
Damaged by the Southern Pa
c'.fic's Steamer Herald.
The British ships Drumbarton and Ach
nashie arrived from South shields and
Liverpool respectively yesterday morning.
Soon after leaving port the Drumbarton
was in collision and lost her headgear.
She put into London and was repaired.
The remainder of the passage was un
eventful. The Achnashie had to put into
Holyhead and had only one really rough
day during the remainder of the voyage.
There was no meeting of the Harbor
Commissioners yesterday, as both Com
missioners Cole and Chadbourne were in
Sacramento.
The battle- ship Oregon is to have her
bay trial trip to-day. The shallow waters
of the harbor will be against her, out,
nevertheless, her builders expect her to
make about sixteen kt.ots.
The Southern Pacific Company's Herald
ran into ihe brig Geneva yesterday und
did considerable damage to the latter's
stern. The Herald had too much head
way on and before the engines couid be re
versed she went crashing into the brig,
which was lying at Folsom-stroet wiuirl.
The Geneva is loading for Unalaska and
the Herald had a consignment of flour on
board for her.
Henry Meyer, ex-steward of the Pacific
Mail Company"? Colon, was arrested for
disturbing the peace yesterday. He was
dismissed and afterward returning to the
wharf beean to abuse the oflicera.
The Mail Company's steamer City of
Peking sailed for the Orient yesterday.
S'le had a full cargo, but very few passen
gers.
ADOPTED A DIRECTORY.
The City Hall Commisiiloners H:it«
Decided on tbe Plans Offered by-
Architect Shea.
The City Hall Commissioners adopted
the directory planned by the architect of
the board yesterday in preference to the
one submitted by the Merchants' Associa
tion, over which the Mayor, Auditor
Broderick and City and County Attorney
Creswell wrangledso long.
The latter two contended that the Mer
chants' Association plan was too com
plicated, and that it would tak« a stranger
about as lone to study out the location of
the office desired as it would to wander
about the corridors until chance would
discover the department.
Architect Shea's directory calls the cor
ridor running through tbe hall from east
to west the main corridor, the one in the
Larkin-street wing the west corridor and
the one in the east end of the hail the east
corridor. On the first floor will be placed
plans of the entire building and on each
floor at the intersection of corridors will
be placed plans of that particular floor.
The public entrance of each department
will be designated so that strangers may
know which entrance to use.
A Peculiar Defense.
The Pacific Surety Company has answered the
suit of J. S. Young, in which Youngseets to re
cover from the defendants the amount pilfered
from the Russ House safe by A. W. Seeley. See
ley was recently convicted of burglary tor hav
ing robbed tbe money-drawer. He was undor
bonds, the Pacific Surety Company being his
surety. The answer ot the Surety Company is
that Young violated hid part of the contract
by not beeping dally watch over his cleric.
Young was in the country at tbe time of the
theits.
Groesinger . Joins In.
Justice of tbe Peace Groezinger has filed a
suit, similar to the one tiled recently by Julius
Kahn, against the Election Commissioners,
the object being to prevent them Irom making
any preparation for au election next Novem
ber, or, in other words, to test the four-year
term law.
MR. VINING'S BOGIE MAN
The New Transfer Agent as a
Terror to the Pub
lic.
A WOMAN WHO DEFIED HIM
Complaint That the Street Corners
Are Illegal y Blockaded hy
the Railroad. •
When you travel on the Market-street
railway aisd presume to ask for a transfer
at the corner of Market and Powell streets,
or at any of the other corners, you should
be equipped for the encounter with the
transfer man.
You should h'aveyour certificate of birth
and baptism, a letter of recommendation,
your family history, proof of your citizen
ship, a passport, one or two photographs,
your marriage certificate, your most mus
cular relative ami a club.
You must be prepared for any emere
, ency, have somewhere about jou a writ of
| habeas corpus, your last will and testa
ment, a pnotopraph marked "for the San
j Francisco Call," a farewell message to
| your friends, a political pull, and another
I nickel.
Then if you fall into the ancry clutches
of the transfer man you may escape alive,
or at least you may have your remains
identified for future reference in the Cor
oner's office and the Probate Court.
The transfer man *s new at his businese.
He is a big, burly fellow, and the rough
edees of his natural manners do not seem
to have be.?n worn off, though tbe wear
! ing process has been auspic ously inaugu
rated. He used to be a gripman or was
j employed working a pile-driver, and his
mus-oles are fully developed. He is looked
upon as a successlu! specimen of unturned
man. He is unpolished and in the rougn.
That is the way people have learned to
lo >k upon him, when they dare to look
upon him at all. The transfer man is not
alone. He has five uniiormed associates
at Market and Powell streets, others at
Market and Third streets, and some more
at other transfer points. They are all
transfer men, and if some are more gen
tlemanly and less dangerous than others,
the public has not had time to discrimin
j ate.
A young woman alighted from a Powell
. street car Monday afternoon and conti
-1 drntly approached one of the robust young
i.i. ii in un form. She whs a San Francisco
I society girl, a member of one of tbe first
families in the City. She was not in awe
j oi t tie transfer man, for that was her first
experience with him.
"A transfer check, please," she said, sur
rendering the blue ticket that she had re
oeived from the conductor.
"Where you goin' ?" the agent asked.
"i would like a check to ku eastward "
"Where you goin 1 ? That's what I
asked.
The vouiik indy knew that she had given
as explicit information as was required
and me was vexed at the impudence of the
burly fellow.
"It doesn't make any difference to you
where lam going," she replied. "I said
that I wanted a transfer checK to the east
ward."
'Well, you don't get no check till you
answer my question."
-You're a bully, sir!" the young woman
en laitned.
"If yon talk like that I'll have you ar
rested," was tne audacious declaration of
Mr. Vining's employe, as the incident is
related by the young woman's relatives.
A crowd begun to gather, and the uni
formed agent, evidently seeine the danger
of getting into trouble, accepted his first
lesson in humility and gave the Market
street check.
Several instances of insults to men who
patron :zn the road have been recorded
Objection is likely to be made that these
streetcar employes block the sidewalks
and street pavements without any legal
rights. The transfer men stand right in
the way of travel on the crowded corners
and often tiifjre are rows of people waiting
to receive their checks.
It is arpued that the transfer agents
have no right to carry on their work with
out the usual City license and that they
cannot under any circumstances have a
NEW TO-DAY.
#} eWorld's Best Natural Aperient Water &»
4^ Prof- Dr. Venneman, of the University of LonYain, Belgium, writes:
||j "Patients declare it an IDEAL aperient ;
Jo mineral water." ??
CAUTION : None genuine without the signature of JJp
the firm "Andreas Saxlehner," on the label jj
right to blockade the sidewalks. The
peddlers of flowers, or any other peddlers,
would be promptly arrested if they stood
in the way as the railroad employes do,
and people who are interested in the mat
ter express determination to ascertain the
limits of tne street-railway rights.
CRIME HIS PASTIME.
James Moore, '-20 Years of Age, Arrested
for Petty Larceny, Battery and
Grand Lnrccny.
James Moore is only twenty years of
age, but he gives promise of becoming a
noted criminal. Early Sunday morning
he stole 167 copies of the Examiner from
a carrier on Minna street near Third. The
carrier tried to regain possession of the
papers, but Moore knocked him down and
ran. The carrier blew his police whistle
and Policemen Ryan and Tyrrell started
in pursuit of Moore and caught him at
Fourth and Everett streets.
Moore was taken to tue Southern sta
tion, where he was booked for petty lar
ceny and battery. Wnea searched two
watches were found in his pockets, which
the police believed were stolen. An hour
later Charles Petersen, an employe in the
stockyards at Baden, called at the station
and said he bad been robbed of his watch,
chain and locket while asleep at Second
and Howard streets. He identified one of
the watches found on Moore as his and
yesterday a charee of grand larceny was
booked against Moore. The police want
an owner for the other watch.
Some months ago Moore was arrested
for burglary, but thechrrjje was reduced
to petty larceny, and he got off with a light
sentence.
DEFRAUDED HIS COUSIN.
William F. Kelly, Ex-Mail Dis
tributor, Arrested lor
Forgery.
Puled the Wool Over the Eyes cf
Coroner H wkins and Notary
A K. Dagg t;.
William F. Kelly was booked at the City
Prison yesterday morning by Detectives
Seymour and Whittaker on the cbarse of
forgery. The complaining witness is his
cousin, Robert Kirlen, a farmer in Free
stone, Sonoma County.
Kirlen had a deposit of $502 50 in the
Hibernia Bank, and Kelly, while on a
visit to him last fall, learned of the fact
and stole his bankbook.
On October 28 Kelly went to the bank j
with the book and said that Kirlen wanted j
to withdraw the money, out, as he was j
sick, iie had sent him to get it. The bank
people gave him a blank order, to be
sietted by Kirlen.
Kelly forged Kirlen's signature to the
oMer and went to Coroner Hawkins. He
told the Coroner that Kirlen was an em
ploye in the Custom-house, and, as he was
sick from bronchitis, he wanted to get 1
leave of absence for a few days. It was i
necessary to have a physician's certificate,
and on these representations the Coroner
w.-nte out a certificate and handed it to
Keliy.
Armed with the certificate, Kelly again
presented himself at the bank and pro
duced it and the forged order. The bank
officials were not quite satisfied and Kelly
got one of his friends, Attorney Cooney, in
the Phelan building, to introduce him to
A. K. Daggett, a notary at 14 Montgomery
street. Daggett tilled in on the back of
the order the usual notarial certificate:
"Personally appears before me Robert
Kirlen," who acknowledged that the sig
nature on the order was his. and so forth.
Kelly now nad tbe physician's cer
tificate and the notarial certificate, and
for the third time he went to the bank and
was successful in drawing out the money.
Kirlen did not discover the fraud till a
few days apro, when he called at the bank.
He immediately reported the case at
police headquarters and Detectives Sey
mour and Whittaker were detailed on it.
From the description of the man who
drew out the money their suspicions fell
upon Kelly and they placed him under ar
rest. __ .
Kelly, when seen in the City Prison j
yesterday, did not deny that he commit- I
led the crime, but said he was drunk at j
the time and did not know what he was
doing. He was hard up, as he had been
out of work for some time.
Six months ago Kelly was discharged
x*™*™^P Arr '
Every package of this £ l^l^^Xi^ o<l9at
popular dentifrice contains : A s ;£j n cake of SModerlM So *p> ** «*•
Use liquid Sosodont daily; the powder twice a weet. A sample of liquid Sozodont by mall, provide A
you mention this publication and send t h see cents for postage. . Address the Proprietors ol Socedon^
H aix <fe Ttvcra., Wholesale Druggists, New York; City. *^^ H w "°* nusocon*
from the postal service. He was a dis
tributor of tbe mails and was credited with
being about the smartest in the service in
his particular line. He is a married man.
The only explanation that Notary Dag
gett gave to the police in regard to his
certificate of Kirlen's personally appear
ing before him was that Kelly swore to
him that the signature on the order was
Kirlen's, and that was what he really cer
tified to. He thought it was all right. It
was so long ago that his recollection of the
affair was not very distinct.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.
It Decides That Only Pacific Coast
Products Be Exhibited at the
Coining Fair.
Tbe board of trustees of the Mechanics'
Institute held its regular meeting last
evening at Mechanics' Institute Hall.
The most important matter coming
before the board was in regard to the
report of tne joint committee of the Me
chanics' Institute and the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association for considera
tion of the question of confining the ex
hibits at the coming fair to the manu
factures of the Pacific Coast. The board
concluded that, it having always been the
aim of the institute to encourage and
foster Pacific Coast industries, it would
join is.-ue with the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association and make the
fortncominE exposition one exclusively of
Pacific Coast industries.
The regular routine business was then
transacted. Among the reports received
was that of the librarian. It showed that
the accretion in membership for the month
of April was forty-five, and the accessions
to the library were 402 volumes. Of mis
cellaneous books 117 volumes were pre
sented to the library by Alexis Janin.
The resignation of G. Howard Thompson
was read and accepted, and Henry Root, a
former member of the board, was elected
to fill the vacancy by a unanimous vote.
Patent Sliding; Bnckle.
H. B. Hoilingsworth swore to a complaint In
Judge Low's court yesterday charging C. A.
Conger with obtaining money by false pre
tenses. It is in connection with a patent slid
ing buckle trhiefa Hollingsivorth alleges he
purchased from Conger. T. H. Selvage, Con-
I ger's partner, was arrested for fraudulent
embezzlement, but Judge Low dismissed the
case on Monday.
Dr. Spencer Insolvent.
Dr. J. C. Spencer has failed for $5600. Of
this he owes $2000 on assessments on stock in
the People's Home Bank, and the remainder is
owing to the Pacific Bank. The shares in the
People's Home Bank are held as security for
the Pacific Bank debt.
NEW TO-DAY.
~~Ei SI
fl 1/
j^iißN^ iwuici/rv
(SHil WHIoKhY
Five Years
wil^^P^^M^ In Wood
illllf Mm
ptii^T^ Bottling.
1 1 WOE I <WMAR(jj|il:
@uESCsg|ggg;>> C MftDTIM
JmT^PWOPBIETOHS [!{!][ Li 111 iill I 111
411 Market St.
San Francisco.
••BUILT LIKE A WATCH"
STEJFLLinSTG-
BIOTCLiBS.
WHEELS AND PALMER TIRES QTJARAN-
»' teed for one year. Price 100. If you want
to know more about The Sterling send for our Art
Catalogue. Mailed free. -".■■
STERLING CYCLE WORKS,
31* POST STREET. San Francisco.
ifflill DISEASES
to %& U Kb u3 niKlTft/!FMV
• ABSOLUTELY CTTRZ& OINTMENT
•tut limple ippllcttton of " Swatsb** Onrrmirr" withe™*
any int<rn«l medicine, win cure any em of Tetter, Silt
£benm.Rinrwonn.Pi!«.lt<!h.Sorea.Fiinptei.KT7rip«;u,*a,
Be matter bow obitinate or lon* standing. S*M br drßrfifts,
or lent dt mall for 50 eu. i Bom. jI.JS ■ Addreu, Da.
Bg*i»» i So* rhilnUif ai», f «, : Aakmr4rao?ftfcr]fc
NEW TO-I> AT— AMUSEMENTS. -
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
May 6, 7, 8 and 9.
PACIFIC KENNEL CLUB'S
ANNUAL BENCH SHOW
OF
DOGS !
The Best Exhibit of High-Class
Dogs Ever Shown.
Admission, sOc. . Children, 25e.
TROPICAL FAIRY PALACE.
TAKE a swim IN sutko baths !
x ——PURE SEA water '
Rain or Shine, Storm or Cold," Wind or No Wind,
: Atmosphere always 72 (leg. r Water 80 deg.
Performance Every Afternoon and '[ Evening.
A OMISSION TO BUILDING, from 7 a. if. to
10:30 p. i*.— Adults, 10c; ChUdren.bc. -
. Bathing until 6 p. m.— Adults, 25c: Children, 15c.
:..-enines after 0 o'clock— Bathing— 16c;
Children. 10c. '<• • .. --;
KEW TO-DAT-AMTJSEMENTS.
ALHAYMAN SCO'S THEATERS
"""^""■■■■■■■■"■■"n 3 WEEKS!
4.ALDWIN 's&r-*.
' j Sunday.
The Comedian, THE STRANGE
EDDIE ADVENTURES
FOY OF MISS BROWN
• Management of WM. A. BRADY.
ABSOLUTKLI THE FUNNIEST PL AT
Olr THE CENTURY.
NOTE-MONDAY, May 18— KEHAN-DALT
company SEASON.
Choice of seats for this engagement will be given
to subscribers who purchase seats for every change
of play.
Those now holding first night privileges may
secure their seats for every mange by notifying
the box ofllce before Friday, May Bth.
Subscribers' seals ready Monday, May 11th, and
must be called for thai day.
Regular sale of seats for' the entire three weeks
will commence Tuesday, .May l'Jth.
The prices during Mr. Daly's engagement wi.l
be $2, .$1 50, $1 and 5!) cents, according to location.
mmmmmmm mm 7 THEY HAVE
CAIIforNIA caught
*" r "* M '**"•* THE TOWN!
The Verdict— greatest Minstrel performance
ever seen here.
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
810 MINSTRELS.
The Greatest Company They Have Ever Owned.
40 WHITES— 3O BLACKS— IN ALL
3 BIG BRASS BANDS.
miCDLAfiDtiKJOTTIOD* o>- u»M A.iorunA6Ui—
3933 I T^l£ 8 i ■
UUUU I MM 1. 1
Of delighted citizens who In two nights came to see
"FAUST!"
By MoK.I-jO.N-. ■SXwjfi.LUSNT COM.
FA.NY.
Wonderful Scenic, Electric and Calcium Kffects.
THE MARVELOUS "BROCKET SCESE.
Genuine Flashes of lightning.
Magic Kain of Fire.
RESERVED SEATs-25c,50c and 75c.
iSr ALCAZ/AR
\tEDSESDAY "POP" jiatisee TO-DAY.
ICK-CREAM AND CAKE FREE FOR ALI»
PRICES— IOc, 15c and 25c.
i A Glorious Performance of Byron's
OUR BOYS !
Which lia 1 a greater run than th" combined runs
: of -'hhenando ih," "rique." p "Ermine," '-Hazel
Klrke," "Perichon" and "Black Crook," or any
combined six plays on earth.
Night Prices— Best seats.. ..6oc 35c, 25c, 15c, 10c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Kbnk-stin e Khki.i Proprietor * Manager ,
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
CAREFUL PRODUCTION——
Of Planquette's Romantic Opera,
"THE CHIMES OF KOMI ANDY"
(The Bells of Corneville).
SUPERB CAST!
Picturesque Scenery— Correct, Costumes
'';.•*'.[[ in' PREPARATION
A uber"s Tuneful Opera,
•TRA DIAVOIjO!"
And a Scenic Production of -
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
The Favorite Story In an Operatic Setting.'
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WAITER MOROSCO, Sole Losses and M&naz«C
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
America's Leading Tragedian,
—EDMUND K. COLLIER— .
Supported by a Selected Cast from Our Own
Company, in a superb Production of •
"VIFLC^IISriXJS
> vEstxi i'Ri< «-»— j.">3 and s>j.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a.
'. Usual Matinees Saturday ana .Suad>r<
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Streeu Between Stoclccon anil Pj»v.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
OUR Off JIAGSIFICEVr AMI ENTIRE SEW CO.
• Imported Direct from Europe and the Ease
J. W. RANSONE,
CAKR AND JORDAN, ;
MORTON AND MACK,
CUAKLOTT.; PARRY,
THE MIMIC FOUR,
3 THE NIGHTONB 3
And a Long List of Celebrities.
Reserved seats, '26c; ±Jaicony, lUo; Opera oaalrt
and Box seats. 50c.
XT* Secure Seats a day ' In advance and prevent
fi?in)IANDER-GOTTLO3&C , LESSEES &/UnU£»
Every evening, Matinees Thursday, Saturday,
Sunday. BRISTOL'S KQUKS-CURRICULUM;
the finest School of Educated Horses known to
exhibitors; a hish-class. unique, delightful enter-
tainment. At tbe Matinee caildren are given a
pony ride about the stage. Admission — 15c, 250
and 50c; Children at the Matinee. 10c
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
TO-NIGHT AND 4 NIGHTS MORE.
THE GREAT Z\>ZfCS!
The White Mahatmas.
Reserved seats— 2sc, 35c and 50c No higher.
DURING THE EXTENSIVE
IMPROVEMENTS ON THE GROUNDS
I Will Only Be Opened sATUKDAYa AND SUN-
DaYS Till Further Notice.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(lngleside Track). ,
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN COR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. it.
Fare for ; round trip, Including admission to grand
stand, 91. . Take Missiou-screel electric line direoe
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELB, W. a LEAKS
fretldaut. . b»cxe;*rji
78
"THE CASSOCK IN
THE CAPITOL."
Father Yorke's Oration at
the Metropolitan
Temple.
HIS GREAT AUDIENCE.
Standing Room Could Hardly Be
Obtained in the Big
Structure.
THE STORY CF MARQUETTE.
Arguments Eloquently Woven About
the Life of the French
Explorer.
Ilev. Peter C. Yorke, the famous cham
pion of the Catholic people in the recent
religious controversy, lectured to a great
audience last night at Metropolitan
Temple. The meeting was under the
auspices of the Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society. Not only was every seat occu
pied, but scores of men stood at the rear
of the hall. There was an actual crush
for admission until nearly half an hour
after the time for the beginning of the
lecture.
Several members of the clergy and many
prominent Catholic citizens occupied seats
on the stage. The stage was profusely
decorated with flags and with palms and j
flowers. An immense flag adorned the
front of the organ, and tuere in red flow
ers and ferns were the initials, "C. L.
A. 5.," representing the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society.
John Lynch, president of the Young
Men's Institute, presided at the meeting.
Assuming his duties, he said :
''About ten years ago In the city of my i
childhood and my present home, the city
of sturdy oaks and of learning, my beloved
Oakland, looking across the water to the
great, wicked city which she hopes some
day to redeem — in that city was launched
the organization under whose auspices we
meet here to-nigtit.
1 Under the direction of good Father
King were many great works begun and
carried out, but "one of the greatest and
noblest organizations that have come un
der his care is the Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society. Tbis society should have in its
ranks "all the people in the vicinity of every
branch of it — either as active or contrib
uting members."
Continuing, the speaker said that there
is connected with this society as a summer
resort, Del Mar, located near Santa Cruz.
There the society has a hotel tbat is open j
all the year around. The duty of showing j
interest in Del Mar and supporting the i
summer school was dwelt upon. Then Mr.
Lynch announced the opening musical
selection, an organ performance by Pro
fessor R. J. Harrison.
Mr. Lynch then spoke of the lecturer of
the evening, Key. Peter C. Yorke, as a ;
priest who needed no introduction to the j
people of San Francisco or of California. I
Traveling in the East not long ago, the j
presidingofficerhad heard Father Yorke's !
name mentioned and applauded as far :
away as Denver, where the name seemed j
to be almost as familiar as it is here. The
introduction of "your own Father Yorke"
was received with long and loud applause.
Father Yorke began as follows:
"Ladies and gentlemen: I am under
the impression that the president of the
evening, Mr. Lynch, has stored up all this
soft ioap for fear that I might be tempted
to make my remarks about Oakland.
Now, as open confession is good for the j
soul, 1 will admit that when I heard him
speak of Oakland, seated in her mud flats,
with her arms stretched out, beseeching |
San Francisco to mend her ways, I was
teruptpd to say that 'charity begins at
home.' But when I learned from Mr. j
Lynch that Oakland was the birthplace of ;
the Ladies' Aid Society, I concluded to Bay
nothing, for 'charity covers a multitude of
sins.' '■
The allusions to Oakland and Mr. !
Lynch's praise of it caused laughter that j
kept rolling all over the big audience.
Father Yorke announced the subject of j
his lecture as 'The Cassock in the Capitol, j
or Father Marquette." He paid an eio
quent tribute to the explorer priest of the
early American days, and then he praised
the United States as a place where all
creeds had equal rights. He spoke of the
AVi6consin statue of Marquette, declaring
that when the project was first taken up
there was opposition to it in secret lodges
throughout the country, when it was pre
dicted that the statue would some o.ay
break open and that the Pope would step
out clad in lull armor.
The lower house of Congress was in
duced by the clamor of the noisy few to re
ject the Wisconsin gift to the Nation, but,
thank God ! there was another honse in
Congress— a branch not made up out of
Catholics, but of Protestants— arid tbat
house placed the marble statue in the old
House of Representatives.
"Let us not be deceived by clamor.
When you go out to the ocean you hardly
know at first whether the tide ebbs or flows.
The waves break noisily. Now they seem
to be going one way and now the other.
But wait a little while and you will see
that the tide is steadily flowine or Bteadily
ebbing. And so it is in the tide of men.
We are confident that in this country the
flowing tide is always with those who have
the constitution on their side.
"Perhaps much of the opposition to the
statue of Marquette was due to the fact
that Marquette was a Jesuit."
The Jesuits were made the subject of a
portion of the lecture, Father Yorke Bpeak
ing of the organization and the objects of
the order. He said the people who shouted
about the Jesuits so much did not seem to j
have any idea of what the Jesuits are. j
They had even mistaken him for a Jesuit.
The fundamental principle of the order
was to promote education and the Catholic
religion. He eulogized the great men of I
the Jesuit order, and araon; the instances !
of the good done by the order he called at- !
tention to the fact that quinine, used by j
everybody without regaid to religious ,
prejudices, was first known as "the Jes- j
uits" bark."
The lecturer told of the persecution of !
the Jesuits by the nations of Europe. It I
was supposed that the order had been de- |
stroyeu, but that was not the truth, j
"Nothing good ever dies," and to-day the j
Jesuits have no greater glory in their I
crown than the aspersion of the black- I
guards who vilify their name.
Marquette' s journeying in America, fa- i
miliar to everybody, was then reviewed.
Having occasion to quote from Historian •
Bancroft, the lecturer said: "Not ti.at j
miserable apology for a historian who is
known as the tJancroft of San Francisco, }
who has piled up book after book without i
any history. I mean George Bancroft the
historian, the great Bancroft."
An eloquent, glowing tribute to the
work of Marquette was given. Then the
priest said that one reason offered for the
rejection of the Marquette statue in the
House of Representatives was the costume
in which the explorer was represented as
wearing.
"They didn't put Marquette in a bicycle
suit. Ihe sculptor had the good sense to
clothe the priest in the costumev which
uriests were tupposed to have worn in
Marquette's time. And so, when the offer
of ttie statue was made to Congress by
Wisconsin, it was declared that no re
ligious garb, no secular emblem, should
have a place in the Capitol.
"But before they shut out the religious
emblems they will have to shut out the
memories of the discovery and the settle
ment of America. They cannot blot
away the records of tie inspirations which
led to the exploration by Columbus, which
brought the Puritans to New England and
the Catholics to Maryland.
"We do not want to smuggle the cas
sock or any other emblem into the Capitol
or elsewhere by fraud. But we are
cftizens, and if a man earns a rignt to a
place in the Nation's forum, the fact that
he wears a ca«.«ock should not De per
mitted to shut him out.
"This country is too big to be squeezed
down into the narrow limits of sectarian
ism.
"I do not think that this explosion of
bigotry against the statue of Marquette
represents the sentiments of even a small
minority. This agitation will pass quickly
away. "Several such spasms of bigotry
have passed over the country, and so will
this. The fame of Marquette shall in
creHse and grow more lustrous with the
passing of the years."
Father i'orke's Next Lecture.
The fourth lecture of the course, "The
Day-spring on High," under the auspices
of the American Women's Liberal League,
will be given by Rev. Father Yorke on
Friday evening, May 8, at Metropolitan
Temple. Tickets and reserved seats can
be purchased at the headquarters of the
league, room 6, Donohoe building, corner
of Taylor and Market.
LIBEL VESSEL AND CARGO
Captain and Crew of the Schooner
Moonlight Seek to Recover
Their Wages.
Two suits were filed in the United States
District Court yesterday against the own
ers of the schooner Moonlight. In the
first the crew — Aleck Larsen, Antone
Elene Martin and Sedon Martini — libel the
vessel in the sum of |342 50, alleged to be
due them as wages. Captain S. F. Wick
berg libels the cargo, claiming a balance
due on salary of $375. H. W. Brown and
S. Bloom are attorneys for the complain
ants.
The crew alleges in the libel that they
signed articles with Captain Wickbergfor
a voyage to certain Mexican ports and re
turn. When the schooner returned 10 San
Francisco on April 30 the price agreed on
per month was not forthcoming, hence
the suit. Captain Wick berg in his com
plaint sets form a similar state of affairs.
UNPAID TAXES DEMANDED
Clunie's Suit Argued Before the
Supreme Court Yes
terday.
An Action to Compel the Asssescrjto
Do His Duty by the Market-
Street Company.
The application of Andy Clunie for a
writ of mandate to compel the Assessor to
reassess the property of the Market-street
Railway Company was on hearing in the
Supreme Court yesterday morning.
Clunie represented himself ; Friedenrich,
of Napthaly, Friedenrich & Ackerman, rep
resented the Assessor, and Foshay Walke r
represented the railway company.
The hearing »vas upon a demurrer to the
petition interposed by Friedenrich. In his
application for a writ Clunie set forth that
last year, 1895, the property of the Market
street Railway Company was assessed for
$3,000,000. This same company has issued
bonds, secured by its stock, to the amount
of $17,500,000, and it has a capital stock of
nearly $9,000,000. Because of misrepresen
tation s, said the petitioner, the assessment
had been put down to $3,000,000, and the
Assessor accepted it as such.
Mr. friedenrich opened the argument.
His point was that the decision of the
Board of Equalization la final, and no mat
ter how unjust, it cannot be reviewed by
the courts. To hold otherwise, he said,
would be to make of every court in the
Staie a board of equalization to pass upor.
all assessments. He said if the Assessor
or the members of the Board of Equaliza
tion had not done their duty, the remedy
was to remove them.
Mr. Clunie relied principally upon a
former decision of the Supreme Court, in
which the law is quoted as directing that
any property escaping assessment in one
year shall be assessed the next year at ten
times its vnlue. He contended that the
law required every man to bear equally
the burden of taxation, and his assess
ment should be based upon the full cash
value of the property assessed. In the
case of the Market-street Railway Com
pany this had not been done, he said ; in
stead of bearing a burden of $17,500,000,
the actual value of the property, the com
pany paid only on $3,000,000.
The result of this assessment, and the
result of this false valuation, Clunie con
tiuued, has been to increase directly the
burden of taxation upon everyone in San
Francisco, and so it cannot be a valid as
sessment.
Judge Garoutte then asked if Mr. Clunie
would attack the assessment if the Board
of Equalization had passed upon it and
raised it to $5,000,000. Mr. Clunie said
that if such had been the fact he could at
tack it anywhere when it appeared that
property admittedly worth $18,000,000 had
been assessed at $5,000,000.
The qourt was principally interested in
the powers and jurisdiction of the Board
of Equalization. It took the position that
the decision of the Board of Equalization
was final. Mr. Clunie thought not. He
contended that the Legislature had di
rected that ail property be assessed at its
full casb value. It had provided the
Board of Equalization as a means of arriv
ing at the value of property, but ir: giving
the power to regulate assessments it lim
ited that power by directing that all prop
erty be assessed at its full value. Should,
therefore, property be assessed below its
value, Mr. Clunie contended he he could
review the proceedings in the Supreme
Court or in any court.
Mr. Clunie then took up the question of
"abuse of discretion" in the case of the As
sessor. He claimed that when an Assessor
goes out to assess property he is not merely
10 put any value on it; he must assess it
at its full cash value, and when he does not
do so he is aousine bis discretion and
mandamus is a proper remedy in the case.
In conclusion Mr. Clunie said that it
rested with the court to determine whether
or not there had been a valid assessment
last year, and whether or not the property
was assessed at its actual value. If evil had
been committed the court could then di
rect the Assessor to remedy the «»vil. If
his position should be upheld, Mr. Clunie
said, it would mean the payment of $300,
-i 000 to the property of the State which bad
not been paid.
Inclosing Mr. Friedenrich argued that
Mr. Clunie s position— that the court could
inquire into the action of the Assessor and
the validity of the assessment — would be to
make the court a board of equalization to
inquire into every assessment in the State.
Further, Mr. Friedenrich claimed that
the property had not escaped assessment.
The question was whether or not the as
sessment was of full value, and that,
Mr. Freidenrich claimed, was for the
Board of Equalization to determine. If
the Assessor had done wrong there was a
proper remedy in the case.
In closing all argument Clunie said he
would be satisfied whichever way the
court decided. His object was to rind out
definitely who was responsible for these
false assessments. He said afterward >hat
if the writ be denied, thereby throwing all
rrsponsibility on the Assessor and the
Board of Equalization, thrn he will go
after the Assessor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
SHIELDS GOT OFF CHEAP,
Fined $100 for Being Left at
the Post With George
Miller.
LONG SHOTS HELD ITTLL SWAY 1
Afflatus at 40 to 1 a Winner—Belli
coso and Instiga or at Long
Odds Won Handily.
When Jockey Bhields, astride the 2% to
1 favorite, George Miller, for the second
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter fleeting. Ingleside Track. Seventy* seventh day, Tues
* day, nay 5, 1896. Weather cold and windy. I rack good.
11 SO * IKttT HACK— Four aud a half iurlonijs; maiden two-year-olds; purse $400.
index. Horse, weight. IBu j 1/4 Ya k *"'• Fin. Jockeys. jop.'"""^.
1034 'Lodestar 110 "T 1 U-fe Ih 18 Iy, ishields -6-2 3
1081 Dunboy 105 3 IH 2h 23 2 6 ICoadv 0" 3 6 " a
1124 Widow Joae« 105| 6 th 81 3^4 82 H.Martin 30 60
1101 I>olc«? 105 4 7b 62 64 42 Hnider 8 7
1112 'Tortoise 108, 2 4Vi 62 Ift 54 Castro' I 5 3°
Laura Burt 105 8 32 4 4 6 H 62 Macklin « 7
Quantrcll 108; 5 9 1 8 7 4 7 2 Peoples. 60 10U
HIH Kacha.l 106! 7 6^ 72 8 86 Cochran 12 30
1118 Claudia T 105 9 BVi 9 9 9M, McClaln SO 100
1118 iMaraqulia 105 10 10 10 10 10 Beauchamp 60 100
1101 jHohenzollern 108 1 left! W. Flynu .4 6
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Xl Primero stable's eh. c., by Imp. Midlothian-Starlight"
1"J Ol SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse 1400.
Index. Korse, age, weight. | St. |V 4I % % Str. Fin. Jockeys. |o£ etUn *i.
1095 'Belllcoso, 4 122 2 21 23 2 3 11 snider. 4 8
1125 !Wm I'inkerton, 3. 92 1 11 12 11 a 3 Mclniyre- 5-2 6
(1115) : In. tanta Bella, 3.105 3 61% 3Vi 33 3 5 Coadj- 8 *
(10951; Terrier, a 129 5 7 7 4y a 44 Miller 6 8
(993) Babe Murphy, 4. .100 4 63 63 ,53 66 Cochran. 4 8
(1106) Carnation, 3 88! 6 Sh 4h 6 610 Petsbery J6 60
HO- 1 Joe Cotton.a 107 7 4% 617 7 Fell 30 300
1043 George Miller, 6.. 110 left] Shields 5-2 6-2
starting-gate nsed. Won cleverly. Winner, Pueblo stable's b. c., by Peel-imp. Janet N. Time,
1 ?09.
1 1 QQ THIRu RACE — One and a slxteetDth miles: selling; foar-yearoids
llOZr. conditions: purse $400.
and upward:
Index.j Horse, age, weight. St. M<L j htk 14 s^ str. Fin. Jockeys. iOp.*" lD ?l.
(1120) Don CR-sar, 4 Usj 3 |11 1 1 y a 1« 13 |l 311 Coady 5 6
1129 'Fair Faith, 4.... 116 1 6y a 6n '4^ 31 32 J24 Shields!' 4-5 3-6
11-20 I All Smoke. 4 110 9 9 ,9 {6 Vfc 42 4 82 Rowan 20 26
1113 Uncle Giles, 4... 117 i 6 7 1 7J4 71 !6 6 4 2 C.Weber 7 12
1102 Monito. 5 lit! 4 '-> i-i 21, 21 24 21 5 5 Bergen .. 15 30
1102 ■Missllulh.4 110; 2 41.5 43 3b 62 5 B 2 Hntder . 10 8
11S9I Imp. Candid, a... 114, 7 r> 1 81 9 8 8 72 MackUn" 12 in
1128 laaSauer, 4 110 0 |3h 314 si£ 7 7 83 Snider ' 100 200
jTyro.6 U9j B|B 2 6 lVfcjd 1 |« 9 9 Cochran 20 80
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
StartinK-gate used. Wou driving. Winner, Elm wood stock farm's b. c, by imp. Brutus-Bessie
Time, 1:51 Vs-
-1 1 FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse f 400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. jl4 Vi »4» 4 Str.
(1111) Summer Time. 8 101 1 4 IVi 1 2Va 1 2 TJT
1116 IMobalaska, 8 95' 3 32 2b 2 8 2 3
1108 j Key dßandidos,3.lo2( 2 4 4 3y* 3 2
(1099) Jack Kichelieu,a.ll2| 1 Ul4 8 4 4 4
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Belting.
I Op. ci.
1 3 McClaln 6-5 8-5
21^ Oochran 7-5 11-10
3 3 Coady 6-2 7-2
4 H. Martin 1101 10 100
startin?-gat« nsed. Won easily. Winner, El Primero stable's b. f., by Fltzjames-Sprinelike.
Time, I :29Va.
lOA FI>TH Rack— six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse f 400.
In«!«-x. Horse, age, weight, iM. Vi I V* I H Str.
10M Afflatus, 3 00 3 13 14 13
1107 1 Hed Pike, 3 92; 10 2 1 2h 3 3
1100 Favory. 4 107j 6 8 1 4 4 4 2
1104 (.Model, 4 102 1 6 3 6 1 5 2
1116 Oregon Kdipse. a. 106! 11 10 4 10 6 8
1117 iGallaut, 4 107| 6 4 3 3S 2 8
1098 Joe Hill, a 106; 7 6h 9n 9
1104 OFietta, 4 106; 9 9 2 6y a 6
1107 jlrma, 4 102 ! 2 8h 7 1 7
785 Ip. Endymlon, 3.. 93 8 7 Vfc 8h 10
895 LeonviUe, 6 108 12 12 114 ll
1094 Navy Blue, 4 104 4 11 12 12
Fin. - Jockey,. Op *"' &
IS I H. Brown. 30 20
2 1 Frawley j3O 60
3Vi Coady 3 9-2
4y% Hnlder 8 5
6 3 Rowan 8 7
6 2 Macklin i 1 7-6
71 Castro 60 300
8% Bergen 15 20
8 Mclntyre SO 60
10 Johnson 1 30 30
11 - Seanchamp [SO 40
12 H. Martin. 20 30
startinc-gale used.
Time, 1:17.
Won easily. Winner, W. 1». Randall's eh. f., by imp. Inverness- Affinity.
1 1 SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. \ bt. hi Vi % Str. Fin. Jockey* Opf "'"ci
1114 Instigator, 8 95 4 6h 62 S3 14 Butler 10 20
1016 i Ad. Kpreckels, 3... 85: 6 7 7 7 2h Cochran 2 6-2
1117 LevenaC.B 104 2 11 21 11 3h H. Martin...."." 6 8
1118 Crawford, a. 106 1 4*6 4h 62 42 Bereen 12 40
1017 |Tobey, 4 104 6 53 3*6 42 61 Barns 20 BO
1117 Major Cook, 4....104 3 2n 51 61 63 ' Mclntyre.... « 6-5 S-B
816 Circe, 4 104 7 3h 1*& 2h 7 Icoady HlO 16
Ftartine-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Elm wood stock farm's br. C, by Imp. .Brutus-Installation-
Time, 1:163,4 - .
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Hettlnc.
Op. ci.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Inslesi<3e Track.
IF r*<*« wttpre the bones have do record at the distance to be run the records at the next n»ar*s t
distance ere given.
A Lt-reviatlons— F.. fast: Fa., fair: 11., heavy: m., mile; f., furlong: *• about.
FIRST RACE— Haifa mile; selling; two-year-olds.
I
Index. I
Name.
Best !
Lbs record, j
Dist. Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
_
(1034) Dura 103 :49 |\h m 101 F...! Pueblo stable i Racine-imp. Berna
(10HH) Hweet William. 108 :503i \L m 111 Fa J Woodside stable. .. Fitzjames-Ollve
Jane Andrews.. 103 :-»8* /4 3^ f ' 101 F... . A. O. Blakely St. Andrew-Aunt Jane
(Hull Greyhursu 109, :50 i-s m 109 Fa. jEI Prlmero stable.. I. Martenhrst-Helen Pcrtch
(1109) George Palmer- 105, :50V4 V% m 102 F... A. B. Ecquador-KittieGunn
MaryTobin — 103 no rec ... D. J. Tobin Xl Kio Rev-Joannah
1109 sister Adelle....' loß l :52 |V, m 103 H.. E. Corrlgan Rlley-Sisterly
110» 'Lost Girl !lO3| :60 i-, m 103, H..j Martin a McConnell Sobrante-by Tyrant
(1008) Roselle 1 106! :60 1 /4! Va m 104J F...| Walcott stable. | Imp. Cyrus-Rosebud
SECOND RACE— One mile: handicap.
iDdex. I
Kama.
I I Best I I II
Lbs i record. DUt. Lbs Tk. |
Owner.
Pe<ll(rr«e.
1108 'Whepl Fortune. 110H :47Vi'l J-V«mi 112 F..!j. Harvey Oano-Jennie B
(1108) Cabrillo 108 1 :66 W4I l/fcm i 98 F... R. Van Brunt :st. Haviour-lmp.Uz Hmpton
(1114) Joan 104 1 :42»4 1 m '. 9H Fa. L. Erell St. Carlo-Hagwelle
1119 Chartreuse 11.. 10:; l:4lVi 1 m 91 F... J. C. Humphrey.... I Imp. Cheviot-Imp. Zar»
1119 St. Lee 9« l:41i 4 1 m 9. F... S. c. Hildrelh limp. St. Geor(?e-Levee
1123 Can't Dance.... 95 I:3vi*i7f 101 H.. E. Corrigan iLongfellow-Hquare Dance
1119 ! Peter II 941:42 V*, lm 108;F... Elm wood Btck farm Imp. Brutus- Bonnie Joan
1039 jDnke Stevens.. 90i I 1.... o. Apple by \ Duke Norfolk- Edna X
THIRD RACE— One and a half miles; nurd c; handicap.
. . I
I Best
Lbsjrecord. Dist. l.b» Tk.
Index. l
Name.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1110 I April 145:2: 36iVl*4m 1»|F». W. B. Dodd ' McCreary-Rnsa
1121 ISllverado 140 2■.163^ 1 s-16m 1»4: Fa. E. Corrig»n. ! Rutherford- Jo»le C
10S9 Hello lST|t:St% I 1 .*™ |126 F. . U.F.Johnson S!d-by Reveille
1110 Templemore. .. 134 . .... J. Brenock Tom uchiltree-Sadie E
1110 ,Bassaoio ]128 2;2H4 I V* m ;130F.. A. O. Rlakely Billet-Lottie
1088 iLochiDvar |125!norec.| I 18. Rudolph Ump I'neviot-Arethusa
FOURTH HACK- Xine-sixteenths of a mile; matoli; two-year-olds; purse $3000.
I Best
Index. Nam*. Lbsj Record Dist. LbsjTk. Owner. Pedigree.
(1124); San Mateo 118| :56i£ 4% f 118 F. . W. 8. Hobart Balvator-Irls — — —
•^ll2 Orestes. illSlnorec.i W.O'BM>i-donongh \ imp.Ormonde-KlsslnsCrust
Owner.
Pedigree.
FIFTH RACE— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; selling.
Index.
Name.
I Best
Lbs | record.
Tic.
Hist. Lbs
Owner.
Pedigree.
1098 llsabelle.
1046 Carroll C00k....
1100 Cardwelt
1050 Daylight
1131 ! Jennie W
2X4 Mis* Pollard....
1105 Oladwyn
1092 Big Chief
1090 NellieO
Soda Cracker...
1105 Easel
918 I Tennessee Maid
jCadenta.
1184 'Model
! Reform
1126 ISylvla..
96 :55%
109 noror.
100!l:00%
100 1:09
110 1:15
95 1:0234
95 ! no rec.
97! 1:09 V 4
110 1:31%
112 no rec.
95 1:17
95 1:06%
95 no reo.
107 ; 1:14%
115 .......T
95 1
AWt 105! F.. W. B. Dodd
L... .... E.G. Grlffln
6 f 110 F.. W. Earp
sM|f j 97 ; F.. J. G. Brown <t Co.! .
6f 107 F..C. F.Sanders...
5f 99Fa. L. Bhaner....
....JMrs. Wolfskin..
5Vi» 94 Fa. | Niagara stable
at t>BjF.. J. Brenock
. . . . ' LaSlesta stock farm
6f 90 H. Wood.awn stable.
6f 109 ' H. . i Hope Glen stock frm
.... Pueblo«t*ble
6f 100 V. California stable...
.. Welcome stable
1.... |F. Brown
Cyclone-Sallle Brown
Ed CorrUan-Idalene Cotton
Rath bone- Victoria
Coloma- Laura D
Bonnie Ban-Felecltle
Imp. Idalium-by Kyrle Daly
Imp. Plenty-Edelweiss
Apache-Flora
Sampson-Unknown
PrinceNorfolk-byJoeHookr
Ben Ali-Kzza
imp. Han Simon-Tennessee
Ham bean- Irish Lass
Imp. Sir Modred-Gypsy
Old Hubbard-Ladystockngs
Imp. Wagner-Fabecia
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling.
| Best
Index. Name. LbSj record. Dlsu Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1181 liiabe Murphy.. 103!1:49J^ 1 l-16m 102 F...|L. Ezell Elian Lawrence-Fncs Glenn
1125 1Wa1terJ. ....... 981:4BV t 1 m 134F«. \F. McDermott . ImTTfue Brlton-i ill^ S
(1119)iAll Over 119 1 : 42% 1 m 114!H.. B.C Hlldreib. ..... Hanover Deceit
1113 Sclmeter 96 1:42 lm 89! F.. J. H. Hhlelds Imp. Kotben-Wyatxlotte
1108 Nephew 112 1: 52% 1 1 ISm 109 H.. l«. Rose i"rlnboK°r he Niece
1129 Perseus 89 1 : 36 7f j 96' H. icambridije stable. Imn Kluk Gallop-Nanka
1127 Little Cripple... 11l 1 : 65V S ;1 14m 108,F... j. Weber Ip rlrnte I'nzceT stan"p P
(1080)ilpMsBrummel 101il:58V*;l l-8m I H4JH..IW. 08. Macdnogh | Beau Brnmmel-imp^liraKe
I. in
Ik.
Owner.
Pedigree.
SEVENTH RACE— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; selling.
Index.
Name.
I Best '
Lbs! Recordj
Dlst.
Lbs'Tk.j
Owner.
Pedigree.
1084
1045
•248
1093
11 IB
1072
11:8
(1078)
1135
1123
1100
1123
1123
1097
1115
11U4
1122
(11*6)
(1100)
Doubtful .......
Hazel 0.........
Venu5....'...;...
Virgle A........
Klmer F.r:-..:.
Candor ;.'...".; .'...". .V.
Seaside
; Catch Km.......
Circe :...........
Heartsease . .". .
Koad .Warmer. .
Knc1n0.. ........
Alv.ro
T0n1n0. .7... ..'.".
Gold 8ug..*:;...".
Tim Murphy... .
Warrag0........
sen. Bland .....
H v f nar t .".-.V.T; r.
97 1:16% I 6t
1:12% 5%f
95 1:01341 'Hi'"'
112.1 :lM/ 4 «f
107 1 I:C3V* of
110 1:15 tff
112 1:11 I 5%t
107 1:19% *6f
86 1:07 I 5%t
97 1:01 V< : 6*
100 1:17 6f
97 1:17 6f
97 1:0$) Vi *>*
112 ItOB V»i 6%!
112,1:14 I 6f
11011:40%; 1 m
100 1:16% 8f
HO I:UBV*i 5%f
97Fa.iL. Eiell
94|Fa.|E. Barron
........ J. H.Tam
94 V. .B. Ward
104|F. . Flood more stable
108>a.|F. Phillips... .
106 1 F ..P. Slebeiithaler..."
112 H. Mokelumriestk irni
88- P. . Lone stable
99 Fa. J. C. Humphrey
108 F. . B. fcdsall ...."'
96 Fa.lEnclno s'.able...
96, Fa. 8. C. Hildreth.. ..
86 F. . Alma Dale stable.
110! Ka. J. Hunter "
111 F. . White* Clarke..."
101 X.. Garden City stable
10K F.. W. D. Randall
105F..G. Rose
Doubt-Natchltocbes
'.ei-.rne Kinm-y-j litaway
Verano- Belinda
Im. True Briton- Big Bertha
Portland-Fantasia
Imp. Darebin-Mias Clay
Imp. Mariner-Marin
Ip. Midlothian-LUtl Flush
Imp. Friar luck-Jessie R
Imp. Kyrle Daly-fe.xtract
Frank Rhoades-Belle
Imp. Brntus-May 1>
Gano-LJlitla
J. H Fenton-Lizzle B
Plttsburg-Mollle S
Imp. Kyrle Daly-Maggie R
Warwick-Fed alma
Ip. Inverness- Wuod Violet
Si. Carlo-Queen Alia
race at Ingleside yesterday, managed to
get left at the post, the talent scowled and
a peal of thunder re-echoed through the sur
rounding hills. The lanky "barrier cham
pion" was fined $100 by the judges for the
performance, and after one or two more
such turns is more than liable to have the
curtain rung down on his acts. The horse
was very heavily backed, ar.d the members
of the booking fraternity were all busily
engaged salting, down hard coin at the
conclusion of the race.
But this was not the only "butchery,"
and the bereft talent was truly in need of
assistance and condolence at the conclu
sion of the racing. The wind, in reality a
perfect gale, fairly screeched and howled
as it blew over the course, raising clouds
of dust. Whether or not to this stiff nor
wester could be laid the favorites' down
fall is problematical ; at any rate, a soli
tary first choice in the betting failed to
score. Afflatus at 40 to 1 an;! Instigator,
against whom the books laid 20 to 1, were
two of the startling surprises.
The Lone stable's Loyalist colt Dnnboy
was the post favorite at odds of 2% to 1
for the opening four and a half furlong
scramble for two-year-olds, but was
headed out at the wire by Lode Star, the
second choice, who ran a greatly im
proved race and won cleverly in 56J4
seconds.
At the weights the Texan sprinter
George Miller's chances looKed most rosy
for the next event, a live and a half fur
long run, and he was heavily played at 2}4
and 3. Opposed to him were some very
speedy ones, and William Pinkerton, imp.
Santa Bella, Bellicoso and Babe Murphy,
fancied in the order named, all received
support. At the post there was quite a
delay, Beilicoso and the favorite both
Deing on their bad behavior. When the
barrier finally shot up in the air Miller
wheeled and was left. William Pinkerton
headed Bellicoso until well into the
stretch, where the latter horse took the
lead and at the wire beat Pinkerton a
length. Santa Bella was a good third.
Sam Hildreth's big colt Fair Faith, who
was beaten the day previous by Paros, was
again made a hot choice for the mile aad
a sixteenth run and again finished second,
Don Caesar, ridden by Coady, with odds of
6 to 1 about him, led from end to end,
passing the wire half a length in advance
of the favorite in 1:51 - All Smoke fin
ished in the show.
A seven-furlong tour with four starters
resulted in another victory for the splen
did lilly Summer Time. The Corrigan
entry, Mobalasca, had the call at 6 to 5
going to the post, but Summer Time, start
ing second in demand in the betting,
made all of the running and reached the
wire three lengths before the favorite.
Rey del Bandidos came fast at the end,
taking show honors.
For the fifth event, over six furlongs,
Gallant was a pronounced 7 to 5 choice,
but ran unplaced. Afflatus, a 40 to 1
shot, backed down to 20, led all the way,
win n ins by two lengths from Red Pike,
a 50 to i outsider.
Scratching was numerous among the
original fifteen entries for the last race,
also at six furlongs, ail but seven declining
the issue. Major Cook was the hottest
sort of a choice, played down from 6 to 5
to 7to 10. He, too, had joined the great
majority, for he failed to get a mark. In
stigator, at 20 to 1, passed Levena C, who
had been cutting out the pace, in the
stretch, and won easily by three lengths
from the 2% to 1 second choice, Adolpli
Spreckels.
TEAOZ AND PADDOCK ITEMB.
This is "ladies' day" at Ingleside. The
great match race for a stake of $3000 be
tween W. OB Macdonough's Oreate9, the
prized two-year-old son of Ormonde, and
Walter Hobart's slashing Salvator colt
San Mateo, is the special feature of tne
great card. No match in years has aroused
such general interest as this, and the man
agement look for one of the largest crowds
of the season. Ormonde, "the horse of
the century," was England's greatest race
horse, and landed in California cost Mr.
Macdonough $150,000. Salvator, practi
cally unbeatable in his day, was the idol
of the American turf, so that the match
partakes of an international character.
Willie Flynn appeared to have such
hard luck on horses that received any sort
of substantial backing that when he was
left at the post in the two-year-old race
with Hohenzollern, the judges concluded
to suspend him indefinitely.
Coady was substituted in place of Flynn
on Don Ca?s>ar, and rode a well-judged
race. Fair Faith, who finished second,
appears to be unfortunate, lor he was un
doubtedly tne best horse in the race.
Tom Hurlick, who has not been seen on
the block for some time, has been laying
odds the past week at Ingleside, and has
received big play. Huriick's book is not
surrounded by owners, trainers, "mack
erel-dealers," etc., but he attends strictly
to legitimate booking and lays top prices.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN,
The California Cyclers' Election.
Riser and Randall to Race
in Europe.
Entries and Handicaps for the Races
at Healdsburg To-Morrow and
Friday.
At its regular weekly meeting last Mon
day evening the California Cycling Club
elected the following oOicers: C. Miche
ner, president; R. M. Duncan, vice-presi
dent; Thomas Wall, recording secretary;
W. 0. Johnson, financial secretary; F. N.
Nason, treasurer; A. W. Green, sergeant
at-arms ; F. G. Bent, E. Wilberg and R. S.
Allen, house committee. The road offi
cers remain in office six months longer
than the club officers, consequently no
chance in that regard was made.
Charles S. Wells and W. A. Terrill, ac
companied by Trainer Rhys of the Bay
City Wheelmen, went to San Jose yester
day to train on the track there for the
races Saturday. The Steams team are
also there, ■with the exception of Earl H.
Kiser, W. M. Randall and H. B. Gleezen,
who will not follow the National racing
circuit this year but went East last night
to make arrangements for their departure
for Kurope early next month. Gleezen,
who will manage the other two, thinks
that these men will stand a splendid
chance against the foreign riders and the
Americans now there, and as the prizes
are more valuable he thinks that as pro
fessionals they will do better than by fol
lowing the American circuit.
There will be cycle racing at Healdsburg
on Thursday and Friday of this week, in
conjunction with the flower festival there.
There is only one amateur handicap event
the handicaps for which have been ar
ranged by R. A. Smyth as follows:
One mile handicap, amateur— First heaf
G. W. Tantan, O. C. VV., scratch ; H. Noonan s'
K. W.. 25 yards; E. Deventhal, H. W..55- J r"
<se»r, S. R. W. ; C. Steward, a R. \V. ; G. Felix'
8. R. W\, and E. R. Allen, P. W., 60: L. H*
Stewart, H. W., 65; F. C. Hansen, G. C. C, 75-
G. A. Barnes, 11. W.,90; J. Pluukett, 8. R \v '
100.
Second heat— J. C. Willlamnon, 8. R. W 10
yards; G. P. Fuller, O. C. W\, and B. Noonan S
R. W.. 20; \V. Leitch, C. C. W., 50; W God!
man, 8. R. W., and C. Armstrong, S. R. W go-
C. A. Bond, H. W., 75; J. B. McCutchen, Wind!
sor, 85; T. B. McGimsey, H. W., 90; H V
Stark, H. W., 100. ' v '
The entries for the professional races in
clude: A. N. Jones and J. E. Edwards of
the Olympic Club Wheelmen; H. F. Ter
rill, Bay City Wheelmen ; F. M. Bvrne
Imperial Cycling Club; N. Ackerman*
Petaluma Wheelmen; W. H. Lowry'
Harve Fuller and B. H. Barnes, Heaids
burg Wheelmen.
Some surprise has been expressed be
cause tua entries and handicaps for the
National circuit races to be held at San
Jose next Saturday under the auspices of
the Garden City Cyclers have not yet been
published, although the entries closed last
Saturday night. It seems tuat by some
error entry blanks were not sent to tUe
Acme, Reliance or Bay City clubs— at least
tuey did not receive any. For this reason '
it is announced that entries from members j
of these clubs, and from others as well
may be sent to R. A. Smyth, official bandi
capper, 413 Thirteenth sixeet, this City, up
to noon to-day, and will be received. The
handicaps will be announced to-morrow, i
There are already fifty-five entrants for !
this meet, and with those of the clubs
overlooked the list should be swelled to
eighty or ninety.
Central Park presents an animated ap
pearance every afternoon and evening
nowadays with the numerous racing men
training lor the meets to be held there
and elsewhere during this month. The
track is fast and its size just suits the men
for training, as they can sprint an entire
lap without much extra effort, the track
being six laps to the mile. The new train
ing quarters are about completed and the
accommodations are as good as can be
found at any track in the State. All that
is lacking is a press stand, which the man
agement promises to put in at once.
DAYS OF
'67
Are bygone days; They are the days of
the past. They are no longer with us.
They live with us only in memory.
YOU
DON'T
Want to be "has been." You want to be
"what you were" in '67 or '77 or '87, and if
you want to be what yon were in those
days, and you are not what you were, it is
necessary for you to take something that
will give you that which you have lost.
IF
YOU
TAKE
HDDYAN
In treatment or otherwise, if you use the
great formulse of the big doctors of the
famous Hudson Medical Institute you will
live in the days of old, in the days that are
gone, anu be what you were.
Hudyan is for man. It is the best part
iof man. It makes man in every sense of
j the word. Hudyan is true manhood.
I The Hudyan treatment, the Hudyan
i remedio-treatment, the Hudyan formulse,
i is the greatest known formulse and the
best known treatment and the most cele-
brated remedio-treatment that is now
known in the United States. Hadyan
cures
Nervous Debility,
Neurasthenia,
Nervous Exhaustion and
Diseases of the Nervous System.
You get it when you apply to the Hud-
son Medical Institute, either by letter or
person. Yon never get it any other way.
So one knows the formulse, no one knows
the remedio-treatment, no one knows
Hudyan, but the old doctors of the Hudson
Medical Institute. You can call for or
write for
! HUDYAN i
CIRCULARS :
FREE. :
HUOSOS MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
BIT OF BLOOD.
Your own blood will tell us in a moment
your past history. If your blood is im-
pure, if your blood is tainted, don't go to
Hot Springs. The old doctors can cure
you, the old doctors will cure you. But
Blood Circulars speak for Blood 'Troubles. I
Send for
: BLOOD :
CIRCULARS. :
'
Hudson Medical Institntei
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
/i§i\MAN!
(«pT3 J Are You Weak?
YwgHKziSw** II Some Points on the Development of
True Manhood by Electricity—
v>^ )uf Reasons Why Dr. Sanden's Elec-
XlffiffZafll^l^^^*^ - -Jf trie Belt Is the Only Sure Remedy
""*fev£tv ' or the Recovery of This Vital
What a great amount of happiness is destroyed by this
terrible drain which is called Nervous Debility ! You see the
evidences of it in the faces of more than half the people you
meet. .
This great country of ours is a nation of nerves ;. nerves
which have been drained of their vital force ; nerves which are
crying out for help. And why don't we help them? Why don't
«re replace the energy which has been stolen from them ?
Because the medical profession, to whom we always go in
time of sickness, has no means at hand to restore nerve power.
Drugs never build up weak nerves without taking .the . strength >
from other organs of the body.
That don't pay. You might as well be sick one way as
another. If you are going to steal from your kidneys, your liver
and your stomach the energy to give temporary nourishment to
your nerves you'd better better let your nerves >. suffer and save .
your stomach anyway. i : iri3v I
"I'm tired of drugging." We hear that remark every day. ,
It's the wail of the nerveless man who has lost all confidence in
the old, worn-out system of medicine.
"I was nervous and broken down from debility. Along in the afternoon I would
get so tired and weak that I could not finish my day's work. A month after I began
to wear your Belt my strength had fully returned, and since then I have been as well
and strong as ever in my life." , ED. M. PRICE,
Guadaloupe Dairy, 15th avenue and San Bruno road, San Francisco. ■ '
r That shows you what Electricity does. Fowler, the noted
phrenologist, says it's the instrumentality of all life.
Dr. Sanden'e Belt is a simple thing. You wear it about
three hours at night. You feel electricity going into your nerves
all the time. You can regulate it yourself ; turn it on mild or ■
strong. Every minute you soak up nerve power from" it. < *
Even electricity is useless if not intelligently applied. Dr.
■Sanden has devoted twenty years to close study of the nerve and
sexual forces, and ! even if other belts fail his treatment will cure.
. Cheap, clumsily made electric belts are like cheap jewelry.
You think you are getting a high-class article at a low price, but
your experience tells you that you pay twice for what you get /
."I bought your Belt January 3 and have used it just a month. Previous to that
time I was so weak that I could not work. I commenced to gain in health and
strength immediately upon application of the Belt, and to-day I can attend to my
business and take my station in life like a man. I owe it all to your Belt and taKe
pleasure in recommending it." C. 0. HELTMAN, Santa Barbara, Cal.
• A permanent cure is guaranteed or money refunded in all
weaknesses of men. A pocket edition of the celebrated electro-
medical work, "Three Classes of Men," illustrated, is sent free,
sealed, by mail, on application. Every young, middle-aged V or .
old man suffering the slightest weakness should read it. It will
point out an EASY, SURE AND: SPEEDY WAY TO REGAIN •
STRENGTH AND HEALTH WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE
HAS FAILED. Address ■ : v f
JS -A. IST IJ33INr ELECTRIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday :10to 1. :
~— OFFICES AT— —
ANGELES, CAI« , I. 's - PORTLAND, OR.
r : *U4 South Broadway. I 255 Washington street. •
SOLE AGENTS FOR TMB
MAGGION! KID GLOVES.
The Greatest
Of All
SILK SALES!
NO SUCH SILKS,
NO SUCH VALUES,
NO SUCH PRICES
Were Ever Before Offered in
This City.
SILKS
ALMOST GIVEN AWAY.
TAFFETA SILKS
In Choicest Designs,
Most Desirable Colorings,
And Magnificent Qualities
AT
75p a
■ wll YARD.
Regular Price $1 25 and $1 50 a yard.
These are new goods just placed on our
counters, and consist of Beautiful Bro-
cade, Pompadour, Dresden and Persian
Effects, the very latest novelties.
CALL EARLY
Is the advice we give to our regu-
lar patrons, for at the price these
silks will sell fast.
OTfIDTE!? URRIBBONCOUN -
- 01 Ur dSTo 1 . 1 - 1 - pay you to
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED
NEWMAN & LEVINSOH,
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORK— 742 and 744 Market
Street.DYING AS HIS
FATHER DIED,
The Son of Thomas Bell
Is in a Precarious
Condition.
FATALITY IN A FAMILY.
The Boy's Skull Fractured by a
Fall Over the Ban
nisters.
CALIFORNIA'S CAUSE CELEBRE.
An Incident That Revives Memories
Indelible in the History of
This State.
of romances might look fur
ther and not get such a good plot as is
furnished by the true history of the
"house of silence" at Octavia and Bush
Streets.
The latest weird development is the dis
appearance of young Frederick Bell,
whose father, Thomas Bell, the banker,
met with a most tragic death on the night
of October 15, 1892.
Young Bell, a vigorous lad, just turning
his twenty-first birthday, whose virile
physique and manner, whose good nature
and liberality had made him a lion in his
pet, suddenly dropped out of the familiar
circle about ten days ago. He bad not
tf-ld even his most intimate companions
that he intended breaking away from their
convivial society, as he usually did when
the pace became too fast and ho needed a
few days' rest on bis ranch in Sonoma
County.
On all sides inquiries as to "Fred's"
whereabouts were heard, and even "Gor
don," the colored boy who, as a valet, at
tended to his master's wants, could not
Bay what had become of him. Had the
yonng man been swallowed up by the
earth the mystery of his whereabouts, ex
cepting to a very few, could not have been
greater.
Tnis is quite in keeping with all that
has preceded in the story of the Bell fam
ily; but the discovery made yesterday by
a Call representative that Fred Beil is
lying at the point of death at 1107 Bush
street emphasizes its tragic features more
than can be appreciated at a cursory
glance.
Fred Bell's death is awaited at any mo
ment from an accident similar to the one
that befell his father in 1892.
The immediate family and the physician
in attendance have done their utmost, as
they did when Thomas Bell's death startled
tne financial and social world, to keep the
details away from the public.
Ten Bays ago Fred Beil left a jovial
Crowd in a Butter- street resort and made
liis way home, where he arrived shortly
after midnight. He was unaccompanied,
and was not seen in a conscious condition
after that. At 2 o'clock in the morning a
great noise was heard in the house and the
ottrer occupants, rusbinjr from their re
spective rooms, found the younp man un
conscious and bleeding on the first story
near the parlor door.
He had evidently fallen over the ban
ister from the story above, and with hie
Bknll cracked, broken ribs, arms and a leg
fractured he was picked up and his condi
tion since then has not allowed the ulean
ing from him of any details of his misad
venture.
Dr. P. A. Kearney has been a constant
attendant upon the patient since the oc
currence, just as he was upon old Thomas
Bell, when on that fateful night of Octo
ber 15 he, too, lell over the banister in
his home and landed on the hard floor two
stories below. He died in a couple of
hours, his age (about 70) militating against
his hope of recovery.
The excitement over the death of
Thomas Bell wa9 intense. Few men in
this City had been closer identified with
its histors'.
When quite a boy Bell left his native
country to co to Valparaiso, where he be
came a clerk in a large mercantile tiouse.
and it was as an agent for that firm that
he first visited San Francisco, early in
1850.
He decided to make California his home
at .that time, but first he returned to Val
paraiso to sever his connection with his
employers there.
In tha latter part of the same year he
F.rrived here for the second time and for
thirty-two years he has resided constantly
in San Francisco.
Shortly after arriving here he asso
ciated himself with two others, and they
founded the firm of Bolton, Barron & Co.,
•which after a few years became Barron
&. Co.
Eustace and W. E. Barron and Thomas
Bell were tne partners in this latter firm,
which for many years was the leading
broker, minine and commission house on
the Pacific Coast.
It was during these years that Bell laid
the foundation for what later became a
large fortune.
There was no mining deal in the great
Comstock days that he had not something
to do with. 6
He and his partners were the agents for
ail the big European and South American
liouses who did business with California
and when the Barrons died— somewhere in
1872 or 1873— the business all fell into the
hands of Bel!, who took George Staake into
partnership, and so created the present
firm of Thomas Bell & Co.
Bell was one of the originators and in
corporators of the first Bank of California
in 18tt4, and when that institution closed
it* doors years afterward it was Bell who
■with D. O. Mills, cabled to the Roths
childs and got them to become responsible
for the bank's paper, thereby enabling it
to resume business.
Bell, besides his other multifarious busi
ness connections, was also the quicksilver
magnate of the Pacinc Coast, controlling
as he did the New Almaden, the New
Idria and the Standard quicksilver mines.
He was also the owner of the Triumfo
eilver mine near San Bias, Mexico, and
when his estate is «ettled it will be found
that he owns mir.ing properties in many
parts of the country.
It was Bell who built the Central Amer
ican Railroad, which runs from Guate
mala to San Joßede Guatemala, and which
be sold some four years ago to a syndicate.
In the earlier days of Bell's life in Cali
fornia he made the acquaintance of
Theresa Percy, whom he afterward mar
ried. Miss Percy's maid was the well
known Mammy Pleasant, who is still
with .her as a companion, and who was
the stanch iriend of Sarah Althea Hill in
t l;e celebrated Sharon divorce case. Mam
my Pleasant to-day is still the adviser
of Thomas Bell's widow and the purveyor
to S-arah Althea Hill, who is in the Stock- I
ton Asylum for the insane.
The several millions of dollars left by
Thomas Beil have been tied up for years,
(iearge Staake and John W.E.Maxwell,
the old friends of the deceased, who acted
as executors, having to fight collateral
branches of the family, who disputed the j
legitimacy of the six children Mrs. Bell j
claimed as the fruit pi her marriage.
In addUion to this Frederick Bell, the i
young man who, like his lather, fell over !
the banister and has been at the point of
deatii ever since, became of age a few
months ago, and has been demanding his
right to a sixth part of the millions his
father left.
It goes without saving; that Fred Bell
has not been on good terms with his
mother for many years. In fact, he left
her house at Octavia and Bush streets at
the time sue drove all the children away
during a moment of anger and subse
quently called them back again a few days
later. But Frederick preferred to remain
away entirely, and when the old bache
lor's home of his father at 1107 Bush
street was rented out by Mammy Pleas
ant the latter withheld one loom' for the
young man's use. It was in this house
that the boy duplicated the accident that
befell his father In the "house of silence."
CLOSED THE STABLE DOOR.
The Demurrer Sustained a Year Abo
Should Have Been Overruled.
"Better late than never." but it does
seem as if the decision just handed down
by the Supreme Court in the case of Wal
lace Bradford against the City and County
is just a little behind time.
On May 14, 1895, just after it had been
announced that there was no more money
in the treasury, Bradford commenced suit
to restrain the City government from con
tracting any more debts, as there was no
money in sight. The City demurred to
his complaint, and this demurrer was sus
tained. An appeal was taken, and pend
ing the appeal the City continued to con
tract debts. Now," at this late day, the
Supreme Court decides that the demurrer
should have been overruled, instead of
sustained, but in the meantime the City
owes $3.50,000 which it cannot pay.
The Supreme Court refers to the section
of the constitution which requires a city
government to keep its annual expenses
within its annual income. It considers it
an excellent section, and comments as fol
lows:
This provision whs and is to confine munici
pal expenditure* lor each year to the income
and revenue of such year, save only In the
cases where two-thirds of the qualified elect
ors shall determine as in the section provided.
It plncos a limit, a check upon the power of
municipal officers to expend money beyond
the resources provided for the current year.
The motive which may influence municipal
cpfiicers to impose a low rate of taxation, sooth
ing the taxpayers and indulge In the practice
of expending large sums of the people's money,
a practice always popular with the recipients
of public funds, is easily comprehended.
To thwart the possibility of sucn a course
may have been an object of the framers of our
roriFtitution.
Be that as it may, one thing is certain. For
I causes which seemed good to the framers of
j our fundamental law a barrier against indebt-
I edness by municipal officers ana local bodies
has been created by the constitution. The
door has been locked against all indebtedness
of these local bodies add the key placed in the
hands of the electors, who alone can use it, and
the judiciary may not arrogate to itself the
power to undo what has been thus solemnly
done.
The judgment is, therefore, reversed
and the Superior Court is ordered to over
rule the demurrer; but to try the suit will
do little good now.
TO UNIONIZE OR STRIKE,
Building Trades Keep Up the
Fight for the Working
Card.
The second day's tight of the unions of
the building trades to enforce its working
card, eight hours a day and the stand
ard rate oi wages showed that the com
mittees of unemployed are making some
progress. At the meeting yesterday the
chairmen of committees, who are scouring
every district in the City, made their re
ports. A number of non-union men were
reported as having made application to
join the unions of their calling. Among
the special features were the following:
The bie repair job on First and Market
streets was struck and two plasterers and
a hodcarrier called out. This has been a
non-union job for the past two weeks owing
to the presence of P. N. Kuss" non-union
painters, but although it was a "struck"
job these three men were found at work.
At 134 Eighth street a non-union job
was found, but nothing could be done. On
Monday a house-building job on Twenty
fourth and Folsom streets was struck, but
yesterday when the committee passed by
some of the men who had been called out
were found back at work, and other men
were filling the places of the nnion men
who had refused to return. The com
mittee again struck the job and called the
men out for a second time.
On Twenty-fifth and Folsom streets is
another job of identically the same cnar
acter. I, nion men ordered out on Mon
day had returned to work with others on
the following day, making a second call
out necessary.
On Sixteenth and Folsom John Center
is erecting a building upon which only
non-union men are employed, who work
nine hours a day. The committee was
powerless. At 324 O'Farrell street and 608
Geary street nre non-union repair jobs.
On Sutter and Hyde is a similar job. On
McAllister and ' Baker an Oakland con
tractor is doing work and paving his men
only $2 50 and $2 75. Several union car
penters were ordered to strike for $3,
whereupon Knight telephoned to Oakland
for workmen to fill the places.
It was decided to follow up the commit
tee work throughout the City and meet
again at 3 o'clock to-day. The Building
Trades Council will be asked to call an
other raasE-meeting at the end of the week.
OTHER TRADES UNIONS.
Barbers' Sunday-Closlnfir Crusade.
Another Mass-Meeting of
Woodworkers.
At a meeting of the Boss Barbers' Asso
ciation last evening it was decided that a
mass-meeting will be of great benefit in
the early-closing and Sunday-closing move
ments, as well as to the crusade against the
five-cent shops. The action of the new
barbers' executive council, mentioned
in yesterday's CALL,was indorsed. Delegate
Brown resigned and Mr. Bernhart was
selected to fill the vacancy. Twenty-five
new members were elected.
The Barbers' Association of California
met last evening and indorsed the report
from the council. Three new members
were elected.
The Amalgamated Woodworkers last
evening decided to call a second mass
meeting of all the mill hands, bench hands
and workers in all other departments of
the craft. It will be held next Tuesday
evening at 1159 Mission street. The object
is to unionize all who earn a living in the
woodworking line.
The new Varnishers' and Polishers'
Union last evening formally adopted the
Building Trades' worKing card, and
Issued cards to the members.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
The Republican Central Club Favor an
Unpledged Delegation.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District Republican Club
was held last night at Saratoga Hall,
President John Gibson in the chair. In
the absence of the secretary, W. J. Herrin,
who is attending the State Convention as
a delegate, Gub Hartman acted as
secretary.
The executive committee reported the
result of the late primary election, which
was received and placed on file.
Short speeches were made by T. H. Mc-
Carthy, Harry Hutton, Frank Worth, G
B. Mack re tt, John Qilson, J. Koch; J. J.
Sullivan and others on the glowing pros
pects of a Republican victory at the coming
campaigu irrespective of who the nominee
may be.
It was the unanimous opinion of all the
speakers, coincided in by the members of
the club, that the convention now in ses
sion at Sacramento should send an un
pledged delegation to the National Con
vention.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY G, 1896.
WOMEN COME AS
LAY DELEGATES,
Three Ladies Sent to the
Episcopal Church
Convention.
OPENS IN GRACE CHURCH
This Is the Forty-Sixth Annual
Session and Hitherto Only
Men Have Voted.
LONG LIST OF THE DELEGATES.
The Convention Appoints Rev. M. D.
Wilson Its Secretary — New
Committees.
For the first time in the history of the
Episcopal church in this State, women
took their seats among the lay delegates
to tne convention yesterday. For nearly
Scene at the Opening of the Diocesan Convention in Grace Episcopal Church.
half a century they have been debarred
from this privilege, for it was the forty
sixth annual convention of the Episcopal
diocese of California which opened its first
session in Grace Church yesterday morn
ing-
Last year certain amendments to . the
canons were adopted, and one of them
read: "The election for vestrymen ana
trustees shall be by ballot, and any person
of lawful age," etc. Now as the word
"person" applies equally to men and
women, it was evident that women could
become vestrymen and trustees, and if
vestrymen, why not delegates? This being
the case, it seemed good to some of the
churches to send women. St. Paul's
Church, Bakersßeld, sent Mrs. Helen
Maude as one of its lay delegates. St.
John's Mission, Tularc, sent Mr?. Helen
M. Sexton among its representatives, and
Mrs. £. J. Hutchinson also registered as a
delegate. •
Ihe ladies took their places quietly and
unostentatiously yesterday among the
clergy and laymen, who about half filled
the seats in the central nave of Grace
Church. No opposition was offered to
their presence, and they listened to the
proceedings without offering any remarks
or suggestions. It is expected that to-day,
however, the question of whether women
can legally take an official part in the pro
ceedings of the convention will be voted
upon, though to judge from the reticence
Charactertstlc Sketches at the Episcopal Diocesan Convention.
evinced by the lady delegates yesterday it
is not they who will bring the question to
aD issue by forcing their presence upon the
proceedings of the convention.
The proceedings opened yesterday with
morning prayer at 10:30, the music being
furnished by the surpliced choir of Grace
Church. There were over thirty clergy
men in the chancel, and the procession of
the clergy and choristers to the choir
stalls was* very impressive. Rev. Edgar J.
Lion of St. Stephen's Church preached
the cermon, in which be touched briefly
on the history of the church, and strongly
advocated the advisability of extending its
sphere of usefulness by means of foreign
missions.
The Right Rev. W. F. Nichols officiated
at the celebration of the eucharist, and at
the conclusion of the religious services the
only business transacted before the ad
journment for lunch was the calling of the
roilcall and the election of Rev. M. D.
Wilson as secretary of the diocese.
The afternoon session was occupied with
reports of committees and other routine
business. The treasurer of the diocese,
A. M. Van Bokkelen, reported a flourish
ing financial ssate of things, and all the
other reports were satisfactory.
Rev. D. J. Lyon made a motion that the
business sessions of future conventions be
held in some public hall instead of a
church, which he did not consider a fit
place for transacting business. In the
discussion which followed the clergy as a I
whole were more in favor of a secular hall
than the lay delegates.
Rev. E. 8. Spalding said: "Mr. Lyon's
resolution touches a real point with us."
Delegate Mansfield made a strong plea
in favor of continuing to nold conventions
in churches, declaring that if it were Lr
reverent to transact business in churches
it would be necessary to abolish collec
tions.
The motion being put to the house, it
was carried by a small majority. Bishop
Nichols then took the flaorand stated that
experience of other conventions had shown
that there was a sanctifying effect obtained
by holding the session!* in churches.
It was resolved that the religious part of
the next convention meet at St. Luks's, on
Van Ness avenue.
Hon. John A. Stanly was reappointed
by the chair as chancellor of the diocese.
The following standing committees were
appointed by the chair:
Committee on incorporation of parishes and
missions-Rev. D. O. Kelly, \Y. K. Welcker, C.
I). Sllkmau.
Finance committee— \V. B. Hooper, D. M.
Kent; treasurer of diocese, S. V. Smith, L. M.
Kiugwald.
Auditing committee— A. H. Phelps, F. Avery,
Dr. H. C. Davis.
Canons— Rev. R. C. Foute. Rev.. Robert
Ritchie, Rev.W. 11. Moreland, A. W. Drown, H.
K. Highton and T. A. Smith.
Church education— Rev. K. B. Spalding, Rev.
A. L. Brewer, Rev. E. B. Church, F. \V. Van Rey
negom, H. A. Merrill.
Church charities— E. P. Uvin, Rev. F. S. My
nard, C. D. Haven, Horace Gushee, W. C. Am
brose.
suteof the church— Rev. J. B. Wakefield,
Rev. G. K. Walk. H. M. Sanborn.
I'nfiuished business— Rev. John A. Emery,
Vincent Neale, Janu-s Crowe.
Rev. E. B. Spalding. Major Hooper and
A. M. Van Bokkelen were appointed a
committee to congratulate Bishop Morris
of Oregon on the nftieth anniversary of
his ordination to the priesthood.
The rollcall was answered by the fol
lowing clergymen:
Rev. John Bakewell, D. 1)., Oakland: Rev.
W. Breck, San Francisco; Rev. \V. A. Brewer,
San Mateo; Rev. HulmrL Clu-twood, San Fran
cisco; Rev. Henry H. Clniiham, Snn Muteo;
Rev. H. B. Collier, San Francisco; Rev. J. R.
Cowie, San Mateo; Rev. Ooorge W. Dunbar,
chaplain U. S. A., Alcntraz; Rev. J. H. Emery,
San Francisco; Rev. R. C Foute. San Fraii
clsco; Rev. E. A. Hartman, San Rafael; Key.
CM. Hoge, Monterey; Rev. A. Howitt, San
Francisco: Rev. Joint's Hulme, San Frauciscu;
Rev. D. O. Kelly, San Francisco; Rev. D. Mar-
j shall Law. East Oakland; Rev. F. U. A. Lewis,
San Jose; Rev. J. o. Lincoln, San Mateu; Rev.
C. B. Limisley, Banford: Rev. William Lacas,
, Ktv-iio; Ri.v. A. A.. McAllister, chaplain D.B N .
I Mare Island,; Rev. David McClure , Oakland:
Rev. .1. S. McGowan, Fresno Flats; Rev. D. L.
Mans!i<<l>], San J<.*e: Rev. ( . J. Mhmui, Ka.st
Orange. X. J.; Rev. F. D. Miller, BnkersfiH<i ;
R«v. A. L. Mitchell. Sulinax; Rev. W. H.
Morelaml, San Francisco; Rev. F. J. Wynanl,
Oakland; Key. J. A. O'Meara. College Park ;
I Rev. W. If. Reilly, Ban Francisco; Rev. X B.
Bpaldlas, San Francisco: He.-. <;. K. Swan,
: Berkeley: Rev. C. O. Tillotson. Santa Cruz;
I Rev. J. is. Wakeileld, San Joae; Rev. G. E.
: Walk, San Francisco; ReV. George Wallace,
San Mateo; Rev. M. D. Wilson, San Francisco.
The full list of lay delegates is as fol-
I lows:
Alameda — Christ's Church — Thomas A.
Smith. William Kigby Jr., C. F. Michaels, C. B.
! ftimcil. K. B. Booth.
Kakersfield— St. Paul's— W. C. Ambrose, A. C
Hands, Helen Muudc, 0. J. Planz, F. D. G.
'i wyniie.
Berkeley— St. Mark's— Horace (iushee, Wil
liam T. welcker, Whitney Palacne, R. H.
Skimmings W. A. Merrill.
Fresno— St. Jaim-s'— W. <;. Cridße, Dr A J
Pedlar, Dr. W. J. Baker, John McMuilin.
Hanfurd— Church of the Savior— H. F. Pbelps
George Brailsford, J. S. Robinson.
Haywards— Trinity Mission— J. B. Parsons,
C. P. Xettleton. F. W. Browning, Reginald
Mills. S. B. Waredrofordc. B
lyorin— St. Matthew's Mission—}:. Wilkinson.
LosGatos— St. Luke'* — Captain D. W. Well
man. H. Rose. »i. M. Waller.
If adera— Trinity Mission— J. Graden, A. T
Baker, G.W. Mordecai, J. 11. Latham, E O
Lindsay.
Martinez— Grace Church— C. C. Swain, S
Potter, E. C. Brown, G. A. Sherman, Dr. C G
Merrill.
Merced— St. Luke's— E. D. Morgan, J A
Nowell, E. T. Dixon, A. R. Ourr, E. X: Gurr.
Mill Valley— Church of Our Savior Mission—
J. Harries, J. B. Mackle, U. \\. Folker.
Oakland— Churches of the Advent— J. J Val
entine, C. B. Foot, IJr. H. S. Jones, Mr. Bailey
Mr. Slater, T. E. Pope; St. Andrew's— U. \ >f
Van Bokkelen, D. S. Moulton, Charles Render-
Mil, Janu-s E. Rlley. Milton Wilder; St. John's—
H. If. Sherman, Charles D. Haven, T B Coe
hill. (\ R. Jones, R. K. Kin*; Bt. Ptiul's— F \V
Hall, I). M. Kent, A. W. Bishop, S. \V. Buzbe«'"
11. C. Taft; Trinity-H. M. Sauborn, D M*
Doub, J. Hampton, R. W. Stones, J. Mathieu.
PnU) Alto— All Saints' Mission— Charles H
Culmau, Professor 1). B. Campbell, l)r E M*
Price, A. L. Hale, M. Kemp.
Saliiiss-St. Paul's- D. <J. McLean, M. Wil
liams, 11. 8. Ball, J. W. Rowling, a. A. Schuch
ard.
Sun Francisco— Church of the Advent-
Colonel G. H. Memlell.l. D.Thompnon. A. Wag
aman, J. W. Allaire, 11. L. BkMaonj Grace— W.
H. Crocker; I*. C McAfee, George H. Hook \v'
M. Mintzer. I~ W. Ringwalt; St. Joan the
Kvimgelist--.ludKi' F. W. Revnegom, H. Eich
'"Hinn. F. L. Southack, B. McKlnne, H. F. Wil
liams.
San Francisco— St James Mission— Charles
H. Hobbi, James H. Richards; St. Luke's— }i
N. Drown, Dr. H. C. Davis, T. C. Hull, (i II
Powers. H. H. Phvlpn; St. Mnry the Virgin—
(i. C. Woodward, E. F. Cheftins, J. D. Johnson-
St. Peter's— Hiram T. Graves, Charles P. silk
man, Alex Gray, (Jeo-ge Cmhbert, F. C. Seli
weod; St. Stephen's— William Doxey, R. W.
Lucy, Jameo Fisher, F. Yale, A. Ashton; Trin
ity—C. V. BC <ilbbs, J. D. V. Mlddleton, W. K. L
Deal, General J. F. Houghton, Maior W. B
Hooper. R.Bruce, Sampson Tarns, 11. L. HJU,
E. de Kay lowusend, D. W. Earl.
Pan Jose— Trinity— J. L. Asay. a. S. Bacon E
S. Flagg, J. B. Anderson, E*l Williams.
San Luis Obispo— St. Stephen's Mission— R. E
Jack, C. O. Johnson, R. W. Stanford, B. Brooks,
G. Ward Kemp.
San Mateo— Cburch of St. Matthew— S F Le
Warn*. W. H. Howard, C. M. Morse, W. 11. de
Bell. W. 11. ilorea.
San Rafael— St. Paul's— O. Xeale, C. P. Pome
roy, 11. Franci*, E. C. Evans, G. E. Butler.
Santa Clara— Church of the Holy Savior—
Louis J)iinc&n,\Y. M. Burnop, (George liodgers,
William E. Higgins, Frank Hnnsen.
Santa Cruz— Calvary— A. M. Buckley, F. W.
Stansfeid, K. F. Hilton, L. v. Williams, G. P.
Laird.
Snusalito— Christ's Church— Francii Avery,
William Barrowe.T.Penllngton, J. M. Kilgarll,
11. J. Compton.
Sonora— St. James— T. W. Wells, W. Rother,
V. J. F. I>ieu, M. Lilljefiiihl, W. Scattergood.
Tular*'— St. John's Mission— W. C. Ambrose,
Joseph Allen, J. Robinson, lleleu M. Seston, L.
E. Seherneman.
Visalia— St. Paul's Mission— W. G. Dorier, L.
McDonald, J. Q. Knox, A. A. Cross, A. F.
Thomas.
Watsouville— All Saints— W. Burbeck, W. R.
Porter, John McGowan, R. Burland, E. H. Hall.
West Berkeley— Good Shepherd's Mission— P.
Truman, W. B. Chaace.
There will be morning and afternoon
sessions of the convention in (Jrace Church
to-day, beginning at 10 a. m. To-morrow
the business will probably be completed.
Bisiop W. F. Nichols will hold a reception
to the visiting clergy and delegates at the
Occidental Hotel to-morrow evening from
8 till 11 o'clock.
TO THE ARCHITECTS.
Their Attention Is Called to Goods to
Be Produced in California.
The secretary of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association has given the local
| architects a rap over the knnckles in a cir
cular letter which was mailed yesterday,
and which reads:
To the Architects: Our attention has been
called to the fait that the architects of San
Francisco (some of them members of this asso
ciation) do not at all times give the preference
to home-manufactured goods where price and
quality are equal. W« therefore hex to call
your attention to the fact that a great deal of
the material required in the construction and
repairing of huildings i-an be procured of Cali
fornia manufacture equal in price and quality
to any other, and to request that in drawing
specification.* you will bear this matter in
mind, and whenever possible give the prefer
euce to the California article.
DEATH BY STRYCHNINE
George Haag Ends His Life Be
cause He Is Sad and
Despondent.
The Terrible Deed Was Committed in
the Presence of His Dying
Friend.
Without money and with only one
friend in the world George A. Haag com
mitted suicide yesterday in room 50, Mur
phy building, by swallowing nearly half
an ounce of strychnine. It was a desper
ate remedy to apply to life's failures, and
a doubly sad one, tog, when it is known
that the deed was done in the presence of
a dying woman — the suicide's one remain
ing friend.
Haag is comparatively a stranger in San
Francisco. He first came to the City two
years ago and has since earned a precari
ous living as a solicitor. He was never a
briiliant success, but he managed to make
enough to keep body and soul together.
In the meantime he met Mrs. Nellie
Parker, a comely young woman, who pro
fested to be a medium of the amplified
kind. The two struck up an intimate but
platonic sort of friendship whicn lasted
until yesterday. Whenever Haag was in
hard luck he" called on his mediumistic
companion, and she generally managed to
cheer him on to renewed efforts.
Some weeks ago Haag suddenly found
himself in the worst kind of bad luck. He
was willing to work, or at least so say his
few acquaintances, but he could get noth
ing to do. Mrs. Parser cheered him all
j-he knew how, and in a measure suc
ceeded.
Then Mrs. Parker was suddenly stricken
with an illness of so serious a character
that siie was forced to take to her bed.
Financial reverses and the critical con- j
dilion of his friend preyed heavily on j
Haas's mind. Mrs. Parker was suffering I
from" heart trouble, and when with each
passing day he called and found her no
better he grew correspondingly morose
and despondent.
Shortly after noon yesterday Haag
called ai Mrs. Parker's room, No. 50, in
the Murphy building. Dr. Jones was in
attendance, and of him the unfortunate
solicitor inquired as to his friend's condi
tion. He was told that her condition was
critical, only absolute quiet and careful
nursing could pull her through.
Without a word Haag turned on his
heel, and walking to one corner of the
room, pulled from his pocket a vial con
taining nearly half an ounce of strych
nine and swallowed unobserved all but
two or three grains. Then he walked
back to the bedside of his friend, and after
a moment! or two sank neayily into a
chair near by. The nurse noticed Haag's
pale drawn features and a nervous twitch
ing of the fingers, as from pain.
Going hastily to his side she wrenched
from his fast-tightening grasp a small vial
with the word "Strychnine" printed in
bold letters across the curved surface.
Dr. Jones took in the situation imme
diately, and not having the necessary
restoratives at hand made a wild rush for
the nearest drugstore.
The physician was not absent ten
minutes, but when he returned the last
convulsion of death was ended. Haag
had taken enough strychnine to kill ten
men, death coming in exactly thirteen
minutes after he swallowed the poweriul
potion.
The tragic scene came very near proving
fatal to Mrs. Parker, but Dr. Jones, by
diligent effort, succeeded in restoring her
to consciousness and giving her at least a
temporary lease of life. He said last
night, however, that he thought her final
recovery impossible.
George Haag was 24 years old and a
native of Story County, Indiana.
As early as 1269 the county of Down was
mentioned, and in 1283 the Sheriff of An
trim, and in 1290 the Sheriff of Roscora
mon. Sligo is known in the state papers
of Elizabeth as "O'Connor Sligo country."
This is in 1565.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
fpAn Treat leaders
.- ■ •■ '. j.-X3NT-^- — ■ — -W-
HOSIERY, CORSETS
. . — . ; — . : ■
MEN'S_£URNISHING GOODS!
To-day our Hosiery, Corset and Men's Furnishing Goods De-
partments combine in a SPECIAL OFFERING of New and Season-
able Lines at figures that make them
POWERFULLY ATTRACTIVE VALUES!
KJ'S FMKIKS 1
At 5 Cents.
175 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' FANCY
BORDERED AND WHITE HEM-
STITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, ex-
tra large size, regularly worth f 1 20
a dozen, will be offered at 5c each.
At 15 Cents.
82 dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS,
in solid opera shades of surah and
light figured Indias, and in a large as-
sortment of fancy designs, extra value
for 25c, will be offered at 15c each.
At 12>£ Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED
HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, in sani-
tary gray and vicuna colors, with
double-spliced heels and toes, worth
25c, will be offered at 12>£c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
42 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' ALL-WOOL
HEAVY RIBBED BICYCLE STOCK-
INGS, finished with double heels and
toes, usually sold at 50c, will be offered
at 2oc a pair.
MEN'S UNDERWEAR.
At 50 Cents.
35 dozen MEN'S HEAVY SANITARY
WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, fancy silk finished, worth $1, will
be offered at 50c each.
f Mfm^*' MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Mariit Street, corner of Jones, /
SA.RT T-RAKTOISCO-
HIGHNT^f
GRADE X L*rr
TAN \J%'
SHOES <®M
AT bXTREMB/iY LOW PRICES. We are
now offering an elegant line of LADIES'
TAN BUTTON OR LACK BOOTB, strictly
up to date, needle or narrow square toe, all
sizes and widths, at S2 50 a pair. Cannot be
duplicated is this city.
/Hp t-g #
lUu f J i
Children's and Misses' Rnsset Spring Heels, nar- i
row square toe, V-shaped tip, straight foxed.
sizes 5 to 8 75c
HlzeiB%toll 91 00
Sizes I IV* to 'i. $125
The Secret of These Low Prices Lies
In the fact that we own our building and art! satis-
tied to give the public in bargains the enormous
rent other shoehoases are paying.
1340 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
THE
PIERCE
TRIED AND TRUE
PIERCE MODEL 10.
Honor=Bright Value
Stylish and Reliable *
3*75 AND SIOO
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSON,
SAN FRANCISCO, SACKAMKNTO,
Market & Beale. 223 J Street. 
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 20 Cents a Pair.
100 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COT-
TON HOSE, extra heavy, made
specially for boys' wear, sizes 6 to 9%,
worth $3 GO per dozen. Special price
20c a pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
75 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK FRENCH
LISLE - THREAD HOSE, double
knees, heels and toes, sizes 6 to 8)£
inches, regular price 40c and 50c.
Special price 25c a pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
200 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
TON HOSE, extra hign-spliced heels
and toes, also assorted tan shades,
regular price $4 per dozen, will be
offered at 25c a pair.
At 33!4 Cents a Pair.
150 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK
MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-
spliced heels, double soles and toes,
Hermsdorf black, regular price 50c.
Special price 3 pairs for $1.
CORSETS. CORSETS.
At 75 Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS,
latest French model, long waist and
high bust, black and drab, regular
price ?1, marked down to 75c each.
I AT auction
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY. ......MAY 12, 1890
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 688 MARKET ST.
Green- St. Heights Residence.
No. 1016 Green st,, west of Jones; 8 rooms and
bath: elegant surroundings; bltumlnlzed street;
cement stone walk; examine this; California cable
and North Beach and Mission cars; large, hand-
some lot, 45x120, to rear street.
Pacific Heights Property.
Is W cor. lamina and Greenwich sts. ; large, fine
building of 4 French flats; one 8. two B and one of
4 rooms and bath ; must be sold; Union and Pacific
cables; lot 31:3x100 feet, i
Oak-St. Large Lot.
South line of Oak St., west of Devisadero: this
elegant large lot is fit for 6 French flats or 3 stores
and 4 French lints; Oak-st. cable and electric can ;
street bitnmlnized.
Pacific Heights Improved.
NE. cor. Union and Rteiner sts. ; good corner for
business; Union st. in basalt rock; cement stone
walk; Union cable: Flllmore electric cars; must
be sold; corner lot, 37:6x62:6.
Haight- Street Heights. ■
BK. cor. Ridley and Sonth Broderick sts; 4 of the
choicest residence lots in the city; front Buena
Vista Park; 4 blocks from Golden Gate Park;
magnificent view: 2 blocks south of Haight st.;
examine these; Haigbt-street cable and Filimore
electric; lots 32:3 and 28x75 feet.
Prccita Heights Home. .
Cottage and lot; No. 105 Precita aye., east ot
Coso si.; 6 rooms; brick foundation: Folsotn and
Mission electric; large lot, 40x140 feet-
£ . Mission Tenement Home. '
tTNo. 213, NX. line of Twelfth St., SK. of Howard;
building contains nine rooms divided into 2 tene-
ments of 5 and 4 rooms; centrally located; street
bttuminized: Howard cable: lot 21x87:6.
Golden Gate Park Lot. j
North line of Carl st., W. of Cole; street sew-
ered; Affiliated Colleges and Sutro Library to be
built near; Halgbt ami Omnibus cables and elec-
tric road; :ot 25x137:6.
Mission Residence Lot.
' F.Mt line of Fair Oaks St., N. of Twenty-fifth;
handsome lot all ready for building; fine view;
pleasant surroundings: " San Francisco and San
Mateo electric: lot 25x100 feet.
- Ashbury Heights Lot.
SE. cor.- Ptanyan -and -Seventeenth sts.: grand,
view: choice neighborhood ; ail ready for building;
one of the best lots In the city; electric and cable
cars; lot 46:9x100 feet.
Courtland -Ave. Home.
No. 26 Bennington St., N. of Courtland aye.:
comfortable! home; street- mini zed; Mission
electric cars; lot 25x124 feet to rear street. -
Mission Cozy Residence. .
No. 449 Jersey st., E. of Castro; 2-story bay-
windowed, 7 rooms and bath; Castro cable and
Twenty-fourth electric; lot 25.\ 1 14 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO.,
638 Market Street, , Auctioneer*.
9J 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPKCrAXTY-JDISKASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
>--> \n% all forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Dig-
pases of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience
Hook sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 dally: 6-:» to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. , Call or address" " eclum
■ I». BOSVOE MeXWLTY, M. »., ;
26>£ Kearn.r Street, San Francisco, Cal.
COAL! COAL !
■We11ingt0n...... ........... ; .?1000 * . .'
south Held .."........•.... 9 60
Genuine Coos Bay ;.; 6 50— Half ton. 350
Seattle .......: 8 00— Half ton. 400
Bryant...... 7 00— Half ton. 400 "
Telephone— Black— 35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
623 Howard Street, Near First.
910
NOBLE WOMEN CALL FOR JUSTICE.
Several Brilliant Papers Are Read at the
Second Day's Session of the
Woman's Congress.
FORMS OF GOVERNMENT
Family, Tribe, State and Nation
Are Weighed in the
Balance.
TWO MEN GIVEN A CHANCE.
Dr. Edward Allsworlh Ross and Hon.
Taylor Rogers Speak in the
Evening.
A greater crowd filled Native Sons' Hail
at yesterday's session of the Woman's Con
gress than on the opening day. Floor and
galleries were thronged to overflowing,
and the most lively interest was apparent.
The yellow buttercups and the golden
lupines and poppies of Monday had been
exchanged for a wealth of roses. No color
predominated, but all united to compose
one grand and harmonious symphony of
lovely tints. The bright hues of the roses
were relieved and brought out by great
bunches of ferns, while over the scene of
beauty waving palm branches formed a
graceful verdant canopy.
Mrs. William Keith of Berkeley, a grad
uate of the University of California, a law
school graduate, a native daughter, an en
thusiastic suffragist and wife of the cele
brated local artist, was the first speaker of
the morning and discussed leadership
among civilized and barbaric nations in
ancient and modern times. In her able
paper, entitled "The Chief," she said:
There are savages, barbarians and civilized
people. The savages Jo not wear clothes and
they have chiefs; the barbarians have kings,
cities and plenty of clothes; civilized people
have woman's congresses. Here in San Fran
cisco weof course are the civilized, the Chinese
are the barbarians and the ravages — well they
are those who laugh at the woman's congress
andwish it would rain so as to drown us all out.
This paper deals mainly with savages, ancient
and modern, and I have ranged from the glacial
epoch to the present moment searching ior
cniefs.
The first chiefs were accidental military
loaders, assuming a natural authority from
superior ability. Even animals have such
leaders. Writers on sociology divide mankind
as to culture into three classes— savages, bar
barians and civilized. Among the barbarians
are classed such people as the Chinese, the
Aztecs, the Turks and other races whom we do
not call civilized, but who have orderly politi
cal governments ruled over by monarchs.
The highest form of savage government is one
under the rule of a despotic chief, with a sup
port of nobles, slaves, and priesthood. Ho
mer's kinirs were little more than leaders of
chiefs and his cities little else than walled
fortresses.
The period of savagery on the earth, extend
ing over hundreds of thousands of years,
slowly achiewi the beginnings of govern
ment. Beginnings are always the most diffi
cult, and hence the savage is entitled to our
profound gratitude and respect.
Accepting the theory of the ascent of man a
long time was required for developing the so
cial feelings, impelling men to associate in de
fensive groups. Savage society seems to have
progressed through three stages. First, the sup
posed primitive, headless group; second, the
femnine clan, and third, the masculine clan.
The first had no leaders worthy of the name,
and though it is supposed that the human race
must have long existed in this condition yet
we find no traces of it existing among any
savages coming under observation. They could
have had no assemblies and no political func
tion and each man was his own defender.
But with the supersession of the feminine
clan system protection by the clan was given
to its members, as well as retaliation for
wrongs done them. Though this form of gov
ernment can scarcely be called such, it pre
vailed for countless ages, and plentiful traces
of it remain to this day. The basis of this sys
tem consisted in the recognition of common
descent in the female line from an original
female ancestor. Instead of all men being the
husbands of all women, a restriction upon
promiscuous intercourse was gradually made.
A man must marry out of his clan and he must
become a member of his wife's clan. He could
not marry any woman who was related to him
In the female line.
Under this system of society women eeem to
have owned the earth. At least they owned all
the property. Husbands were often bought,
and traces of this latter custom are plentiful at
the present day. Not only were the women
themselves chiefs; they nominated the male
chiefs and deposed them at will. They did not
hesitate to "knock oil the horns" of a chief
and relegate him to the ranks of the warriors.
The office of chjfcf was at first unstable.
Later it became permanent, but the system
was not favorable to chiefly power. The'chief
Bimply advised, or else he ißsued mandates,
which were heeded or not according to the
degree of his influence over his followers. Of
course the chief who gave the most presents
and feasts, or in the case of a female chief the
one who gave the most afternoon teas, was the
one who was the most popular: while a stingy
or unpopular chief might suddenly find him-
Belf without followers, they having all gone
over in a body to the chief of a neighboring
village.
Later on the office of chief became perma
nent, and subsequently despotic. Chiefs were
sometimes elected and sometimes the office
was hereditary. There was not much rivalry
for the succession to an office where there was
ho little power. Probably In those times the
office often sought the man, not the man the
office. The eldest son of the eldest sister was
oiten heir.
Paternity was very doubtful. A man could
always tell who his mother was, but father
hood was considered of little importance. In
observing traces of the system among the He
brews it has been remarked that the use of a
particle in their language to indicate physical
fatherhood tended to show that the relation
was considered of little importance, and could
not have bean the basis of any important social
•ystem or have had much influence over their
polity.
Aristotle mentions that the most warlike na
tions, presumably the Thracians, the Lycians,
the Southern Slavonians, the Bcythians
»nd the Teutonic were ruled over
by women. There is no doubt at all but
that In those days women chiefs had "all the
'The Call" Has Fired the First Gun.
Editor of THE CALL— Dear Sir : Without the Press the work in the suffrage I
cause was almost a hopeless task ; with it we may expect to win.
What the first gun fired at Fort Sumter did for the American people THE CALL
has now done for California.
Not only were the hearts of men stirred to loyalty, but women were called to the l .
front, into the shops and factories, into the field at the plowshares and into the very j
smoke of battle, developing a spirit of courage and sacrifice ever since honored and
revered by men.
So THE CALL will arouse the spirit of loyalty in our men, renew the courage of
our women and lead us on to victory 1
THE CALL has fired the first big gun for success !
Most thankfully yours, HESTER A. HARLAND,
Recording Secretary State Suffrage Association.
San Francisco, May 5, 1896.
rights they wanted." The feminine elan sys
tem prevailed over the whole of Australia and
also in North America.
The Indians attained to the highest and
most wonderful development of this system,
for they had a complete system of representa
tive government Clans were united into
tribes, and these into confederacies. Popular
assemblies were held and delegates were
chosen. But because the power of chiefs was
never so great as under even the lowest form
of the masculine clan system, the representa
tive governmeut of the North American In
dians is assigned to a lower stage in the history
of culture and in the development of govern
ment than the most brutal and despotic rule
in the masculine clan.
The reason, or rather the effect, of this fatal
lack of power was that a chief could not rely.
as he could in the masculine clan, upon a
strong body of warriors who were united by
blood, who had grown up from childhood in
the clan, and who .had the same training, tra
ditions and instincts. A man was often com
pelled to fi^ht against hi« mother's or his
sister's clan. He was the adopted son of the
clan into which he had married.
For these and similar reasons the feminine
clan was superseded by the masculine clan
system, which could give better protection to
its members from its greater military strength.
Under this fystem the chiefs are seen to have
much more authority. Members traced de
scent from a common paternal ancestor, wives
became exclusive property, and paternity, as
regards chiefs, became certain. The office of
chief became fixed, permanent and hereditary.
As government appears to have had its ori
gin in war so the first assemblies must have
been for the purpose of defense, either against
ferocious beasts or still more ferocious men.
When people came together for protection and
defense they were compelled to yield certain
of their natural rights. At first every man
must avenge his own wrongs, but by combin
ing he has the help of his clan, while for the
sake of the greatest good to the greatest num
ber the life of the individual becomes of no
importance as compared with that of the com
munity.
The despotic chief of the masculine clan in
its highest develooment can command the
death of any of his subjects. His sway is lim
itless and he is worshiped as a god. There is
very little freedom or equality among the sav
ages, though we are apt to think that such ts
tne case. But now that the continued exist
ence of the race is assured, mankind naving so
faithfully obeyed the command which we are
told was given to increase, multiply and re
plenish the earth, individuals are resuming
the rights which have for so many ages been in I
abeyance. Arbitrary powei diminishes, and
to the enlightened government the humblest I
person is an object of solicitude.
While tne causes which led to the gradual
overthrow of the feminine clan system cannot
be known with certainty, they may bs sur
mised. When wives became exclusive prop
erty, probably through capture from hostile
tribes, paternity in such instances became
certain, and the feelings of fatherhood had
opportunity to develop, thuß leading on to the
idea of the modern family. It is a truth es
tablished by the study of sociology that the
family is a very modern institution, and as
such we cannot prophesy what further modifi
cation and development await it. Writers on
government have started with the theory that
the family was the original political unit, and
that it is such at the present day. This mis
take has vitiated their conclusions.
It has been pointed out that the masculine
clan, tracing descent through the male line,
further restricted the promiscuous relations of
thesexes. This was especially thecase with the
wives of the chiefs, whose power continued to |
increase. The system of human slavery de
veloped the art of agriculture. The savage
dislikes steady, persistent toil. By securing
slave labor men had time to devote themselves
to the military art. Subsistence became more
secure, and the condition of women was im
proved as they became released from much
drudging toil.
This of course refers only to the possessors of I
slaves— not to the slave women themselves: I
and it must be confessed that when black i
women were brought to America even the
white chivalry which objects to women work
ing alongside their fathers, brothers and hus
bands, in the sphere of government, was not
extended to the daughters of Africa. We were
told last year that "home is woman's limit,"
but in the case of black women the sphere of
home was thought plenty wide enough to em
brace the cotton-fields.
Do you remember "Poor Nelly Gray" T
One night I went to see her,
But "She's gone" the neighbors say.
The white man bound her with his chain.
They have taken her to Georgia
For to wear her life away,
As she toils in :he cotton and the cane.
In far-off Africa her mother was the daugh
ter of a powerful chief. Through the vicissi
tudes of war site was brought to America,
where she met comparatively the same fate
which befell the Swedish woman just the other
day. In Sweden she could vote, in the United
States she found herself disfranchised. In
Sweden her husband had taken it as a matter
of course that women should have the right to
Tote. Coming here, he has become imbued
with American ideas of liberty, and now he
objects !
We are working for the franchise in Califor
nia. I, for one. feel much like saying, "Let us
finish one piece of work before undertaking
another." The result* of the Civil War con
ferred the right of self-government upon the
negro. His companion, sharing his sphere in
every respect, wording by his side, claiming
and receiving no immunities on account of
sex, is still thought plenty strong enough for
the cornfieid, but scarcely robust enough for
the field of politics.
Besides the improvements in agriculture and
the military art, the masculine clan gave to
the chiefs the support of a strong nobility,
based, of course, on slavery and a hereditary
priesthood. Strong tribal combinations and
compact political organizations became possi
ble. It had been a weakness of the feminine
clan, for reasons already referred to, that an
unpopular chief might at any time be left
without followers. This was not the case with
a chief of the masculine clan.
Religious feelings and superstitions were
also developed and became more and more
a powerful auxiliary to the secular authority.
The offices of priest and ruler were often com
bined in that of the chief. There was naturally
more contention and rivalry for the succession
as the power and emoluments of the office in
creased. A liberal amount of blood was shed,
and it was a matter of course to wade through
slaughter to a tnrone. Rival sons by different
mothers were all killed or imprisoned by the
victorious brother.
Many Mohammedan states, such as Turkey,
Morocco and Persia, have also practiced this
custom. As examples of the highest grade of
chiefs and the most perfect development of
society under tne masculine clan, may be
mentioned the communities of Polynesia
which had despotic chiefs, with a complete
system ol tillage, slavery, hereditary nobility
and priesthood.
Political organizations became such when
based upon the Ideas of territory and property,
and not until such ideas are developed can we'
have anything more than a society in contra
distinction to what we call civil Government.
In the higher development of society under
this system there are often military, indus
trial and political chiefs. The office is heredi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAU,, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
tary. Industrial chiefs control matters of
trade, and no doubt a new chief was often in
doubt as to whether it would be better to in
inaugurate free trade or a protective tariff.
Chiefs often acted as brokers for the com
munity, and fixed the time for sowing and
harvesting. At their death chiefs had, of
course, a more honorable burial than ordinary
men. In some tribes the chief is buried in a
very deep grave, and the warrior in a shallow
one, but the bodies of the women and children
are thrown out to the dogs. The masculine
clan substituted ancestral worship for soul
worship, and from the worship of a dead chief
I may have evolved that of the gods.
Of living chiefs, I might refer to the Apache
Kid or to Ked Cloud, the absolute ruler of the
Sioux Nation, and unquestionably the greatest
Indian of modern times. This venerable octa
genarian is the last of a long line of famous
chiefs, ranking with such men as Powhattau,
Osceola, Black Hawk audGeronimo.
But it was not speaking of these men, great
leaders though they be, that I have looked for
ward to standing here to-day, or to whom I
would devote the few remaining minutes of
my time. We proclaim fidelity to a white
woman chief, and pledge support to the theory
of government and to the moral ideal which
she advances.
Susan B. Anthony is our chief and woman
suffrage is inscribed on her banner. [Great
cheering and applause.]
Military, industrial and political chiefs, past
and present, have wonderfully aided civiliza
tion; but the spiritual chiefs of a Natian can
awaken our enthusiasm, mold our opinions
aiid control our actions to a still greater extent.
These true philosophers do not point to nature
as the end of all perfection, but they lead us on
to the god of nature. They would have us
profit by the experience of the past, but search
the future only for examples of perfect social
relations.
The keen-sighted, enlightened protestors
and pioneer chiefs of reform do not, for exam
ple, defend the present status of the sexes by
arguments drawn from biology, citing certain
facts to show :hat the existing relation of the
sexes is a National one, analagous to that in
the animal world below man. They do not,
like some scientists, make the false assumption
of conservatism, that whatever is existing in
nature is the best attainable state.
On the contrary, they remind us that all true
social progress is made by improving upon na- j
ture, and that, while, in one sense. "Whutevpr
is is right," whatever is to be is right also.
They are the apostles of true liberty, who, pos
sessing the capacity to grasp great social
truths, perceive the wants of the many and de
vise means to supply them. They prefer that
honor, justice and equity should prevail ralber
than the instincts of brutes or the caprices of
savages.
They teach us that improvement in govern
ment keeps pace with improvement in the re
lation of the sexes, and that despotism in the
family is but the reflection of despotism in the
government. They tell us that improvement
in government consists in advance toward
true freedom, and that the sense of justice
to ourselves is coexistent with a sense of jus
tice to our fellow creatures.
Of such manner of chiefs is our brave leader,
Susan B. Anthony. Applying 10 her the words
of another, she "withdrawing personality,
and with the unfettered sword of logic, cleav
ing the warp of tradition, education, public
opinion and self interest, is honored even by
those whose fondly cherished errors have been
thereby assailed and destroyed."
May her following be greatly increased and
may she not depart hence before she sees re
alized not only in California, but throughout
the United States, a perfect system of repre
sentative Government, whose chiefs will wield
a power undreamed of in ages past.
Miss Sarah M. Severance of this City, ris
ing for the free discussion of the sentiments
just expressed, started briskly and humor
ously into the subject, and said that the
Indian squuw who follows her chief, car
rying her papoose, is not his slave, but is
really her own mistress. She is not the
property of her chief who rides before her
while she trudges behind, for that papoose
j she carries ia her papoose; it is not his;
I her life is not his — it is hers. When the
I Apache chief wants to go off on a great
j drunk the squaw takes personal charge of
the household effects; for she does not
participate in the debauchery. For the
time being she is the ruler— the guardian
lof her lord's blankets. Miss Severance
j drew a very humorous comparison here
I between Apacce customs and those of our
civilized classes, that might well adopt the
hint offered by savagery.
Mrs. Nellie Ble^si..g Eyster said that on
August 11, 1865, when the State Capitol at
Miss Sarah M. Severance, Who Does Not Object to Being Called "the Warhorse
of the Suffrage Movement," Her Pungent Remarks and Ready Wit Are
Features of the Extemporaneous Discussions.
Sacramento was still unfinished, a woman
— Mrs. Norris by name— climbed two high
ladders and fixed trie National colors over
the incomplete walls.
"A woman," exclaimed Mrs. Eyster,
"was the first to raise the flsc over the
State Capitol. Gentlemen , take the hint !"
/Speaking of women and the flag," ob
served Mrs. Tole of Napa, "if I am not un
der a misapprehension the first time the
nag was placed at half-mast for a woman
was about three years ago, when the Nation
extended that courtesy to the widow of
President Polk. And Mrs. Polk, be it re
membered, had to die before receiving
the honor."
"I have a little story abont a woman and
a flag, too," said Mrs. Van Pelt. "During
the war we lived in a place where it was
not safe to display the stars and stripes.
1 My mother, Angeline Henry, granddaugh.
-1 ter of a revolutionary hero, vowed that the
I old flag should wave about our house on
the Fourth of July.
''We children were sent 'round to the
stores after the cloth for making the flag,
since a ready-made one could not be got
! for love nor money. At last we secured
j some white sheeting, a few strips of ma-
I roon calico and a yard or so of stifiy
; glazed blue cambric. With these mater
-1 lals the flag was made, and then it was
I raised above our home.
"The presence of tne Union standard
I called fortn many loud and threatening
I protests. My mother refused to let it be
hauled down, and, in order to guard the
{ flag, she took her station in the garden on
, a chair and there she stayed through that
! whole Fourth of July, and since that day
! that same patchwork fla^ has floated over
: my mother's house on each recurring an
-1 niversary of the Nation's independence."
I Mrs. Krebs called attention to the fact
j that a descendant of Barbara Frfetchie was
present, and begged Mrs. Eyster to ac
knowledge her relationship.
Mrs. Eyster said that she herself was a
erandniece of the woman made so famous
I by Whittier's beautiful poem. But even
I thongh Barbara Frietchie did not do what
I tue poet attributed to her, she did bring
np and educate eleven poor orphan girls,
! and that was enough to make her a grand
woman.
Mrs. J. F. Swift— Patriotism i 8 not
taught in our public schools. The stars ,
and stripes are floated occasionally, but
each year we have something different in !
the way of flag displays in the various na
tions. We should hold continuously to
our own dear flag.
The lady president read a telejrram from ■
Miss M. E. Conners of Oakland, who was
to have read a paperentitled "The King." !
In tier message Miss Conners stated that
owing to the su.lden illness of one of the I
teachers in her school, she had been pre
vented at the last moment from keeping
her appointment.
Mrs. Henry Krebs then read Mrs. Char
lotte Perkiiis Stetson's paper, "The
People." It was as follows:
To-day is devoted to the consideration of
various forms of government, as so far exem
plified in our imtory, mid It falls to my share
to present a study of the popular form of the
people es a governing force.
The appearance and growth of the demo
cratic idea in our social evolution is quite
easily traceable, and its steady progress, wide
range and lasting hold go to prove that it is
the highest form of government yet known to
us. Government by the people requires and
develops a high degree of individual growth.
No race ol savages can be self-governed, be
cause the savage himself Is not self-governed.
Where you find democracy yon find art, in
dustry ana education, prosperity and peace.
Those Indians who live under democratic
forms are comparatively civilijed— the Pueb
los, for instance, with their wise communal
customs and quiet lives.
The negative unformed state of headless
primitive tribes was not democracy. Govern
ment by the people is just as sharply defined a
form of executive social lifp as government by
the king, and far more advanced.
It is a comparatively simple matter for a lot
of people to recognize the superiority of one
and the wisdom of headship. Having set him
over them and begun to obey, they set in mo
MRS. VAN PELT.
tion currents of social habit, which soon gen- j
ernte all the forces and traditions of royalty.
But for a lot of people to recognize the indi
vidual liberty and right of judgment in each ■
other and the wisdom of bending to the will of ■
the majority is not a simple thing. It shows '
high social development.
It shows enlargement of consciousness from j
its first field, the self, toward its natural goal
society.
A hiphly developed social consciousness
is required before the people knows itself.
Here let me speak of a current mlsapprehen- j
si on of the mal basts of democracy— a mean i
and false idea, yet commonly held. Many !
speak of our acceptance of the judgment of j
the majority as if it were simple, because the
majority could conquer the minority in
fiphting.
That Ties back of the ballot and bullet idea.
But it in not the real reason at all; not the
underlying principle— that principle for which
our brave, wise, iar-seeing ancestors struggled
ao gloriously.
It is not the»ecretof healthful power in the ■
Grecian republics, nor the Roman republic,
nor the Venetian republic, nor the Swiss re
public, nor any that has ever held.
Minorities have never yet feared to fight
majorities, and have frequently conquered
them when the principle at stake was great
enougn. Not to bend to the will of the ma
jority is a recognition of numerical justice.
If three want tt> play whist and one to play
euchre the one gives up, not because the others
would make him play whist. They mijzht, in
deod, politely play his game if he stood out for
it hard enough, but because he would be a pig
and a fool to spoil three pleasures for one. He
sees their right in the matter.
That is the principle oi democracv — mutual
recognition of each other's rights— not power,
but right. 1 have said that democracy means
peace.
Look a little at history and a little at the
lines of sociological development and see how
true this is. The conditions which accompany
war require so swift a concurrent action
among the members of the warring society
that there is no time for a consensus of opin
ion to bs reached — democracy Is slow.
Each officer is king of those below him—
must be by the necessity of his profession. A
company of soldiers cannot stop to take a vote
as to whether tney shall advance or retreat.
Government they must have. War in its com
pelling union and united action compels gov
ernment, but that government is limited
within itself to a pure despotism. Wise it may
be, kind it may be, but denpotic It must be by
the underlying law — the good of all. The good
of a community, in a state of war, demands
despotism.
The semi-civilized people of to-day recognize
this. We maintain our military despotisms to
tight with; under the control of the democracy
we do business with this despotism.
It is meek enough and discontented enough
in time of peace, but in times of war it grows
strong and proud, and in all history the suc
cessful general has finally become king.
A king is a good thing to fight with— a fierce,
brave thing — and one to live and die for.
But with peace and prosperity the people
grow strong— rebellious, if you will, Ihe king
! usually succumbs to the vices of inaction.
What can he do?
And as the people grow stronger and wiser
and more individual they increasingly resent
! the absolute power above them, and it either
weakens peacefully away, as in England;
| maintains itselt by forcing war, as in many
i other monarchies, or precipitates its overthrow
■ by an arbitrary enforcing of power no longer
i based on natural need.
The ballot does not need the bullet behind
it, but the king does. A kinK without an
• army is but one man among many — only tra
| dition supports him. No individual passions,
however magnified by place and power, can
maintain a form of social life after the time
I has come for its slow supplanting or swift ex
{ tinction.
It is society which grows and develops its
ever changing forms. The individuals com-
I posing society must act under its 'aws. The
; hunter and tighter needed only the leader,
i and he was transient and exchangeable.
The keeper of sheep and cows needed the
chief— the father — to adjudicate as well aa
lead, to decide claims hitherto unknown
I Then bis headship descended in order of age —
the law of primogeniture began.
Agriculture, with its new enlargement of in-
I dividualiMn, its new output of wealth, Its new
| sense of permanent possession, made possible
I the large self-feeding kingdom— and the king
dom came.
But with the growth of individual creation—
when human labor began to blossom Into art
and Dear rich fruit in manufacture, when the
individual soul found endless avenues of
growth in these new forms of human expres
sion; and yet, with that towering individual
ism, learned the absolute interdependence of
these arts and crafts— then man first knew
himself— ln" knowing his brother. Tnen the
people came to power. "I" enn hunt, "I" can
keep sheep, "I'" can in some sort dig in the
ground and eat its fruit; but only "we" cau
raise hand and brain to their full scope of ex
quisite power and skill in working for each
other.
It all follows as surely and inevitably as the
chicken cornea from the egg. The shepherd
Praised by Ada H. Van Pelt.
follows the hunter, the farmer follows the
shepherd, the craftsman follows the farmer,
and the distributer follows tne craftsman.
That means trade and commerce. And just as
surely as the industrial era demands National
democracy, and gets it, so will the commercial
era demand a universal democracy — and will
get it. But the c&ange in living always pre
cedes the change in governing— naturally— the
governing is but one of the outer forms of liv
ing and must be altered by the life inside after
it is strong enough. Tne people came to know
their power, their own aud each other's, when
they became useful to each other through the
division of labor and the exchange of product.
Trade means close interdependence ; commerce
means travel, knowledge, a wider and more
slowly recognized interdependence. Interde
pendence means organic unity in proportion
to its degree of development.
A people as an organio whole must have a
government to administer their common in
terest. Those interests are no longer confined
to common action against a common foe; they
require a subtle balancing of internal claims',
a management of many conflicting and yei
ultimately united forces, a representntion
from each and all of these forces, therefore a
representative government.
No single head can hold the concerns of an |
industrial commonwealth, understand their I
individual and relative rights, justly adminis
ter their varied interests to the common good.
When the people come to be highly special
ized factors in an elaborate industrial social
organism, tney must rule, and they do. But
rule by the people is the youngest form of !
government, therefore necessarily the least I
perfect in degree, though the noblest in kind. ;
And the imperfect form of the higher thing is !
always open to destruction by the more perfect ,
form of the lower thing.
The well-trained savage horde, with its
fierce one-idead leader, easily conqnered the j
pastoral patriarch who was yet unused to his j
more varied duties. The nomad tribes under |
a highly organized patriarchate easily con- j
quered the large, weak agriculture kingdoms. ,
And the young industrial republics were I
easily conquered by the solid old kingdoms, or
even the tribes and hordes below. A civilized |
child is far more helpless than a savage child,
but makes a more valuable man. Government
by the people is new yet in the world. It rests
on large faint lines of mutual love and for
bearance, of mutual usefulness and depend
ence, which our sturdy earlier individualistic ;
passions continually overstep and destroy. It is !
the slow triumph of the new tender child- !
world of peace ana justice and love over
the brute force of the old world-savage,
barbaric and half civilized. It has come,
and come to stay: but it is by no means yet in
full possession of its powers. Its dangers and
its diseases are those incident always to new ;
growth and changing conditions, and should
be tenderly guarded against and bettered with- I
out even failing to recognize the divine idea j
under the feeble outer expression. Let us rec- !
ognize the people as the real world— the one j
thing to love and serve, to live and die for.
Let us listen to the voice of the people, because
in the very deepest sense the voice of the peo
ple Is the voice of God. Let us strive to under
stand the needs of the people and to advance
them as once we strove to carry out the high
est wish of the king. Here is room for all the
courage, the devotion, the splendid loyalty
that has place in the human heart.
NEW DUTY.
Once to God we owed It all— God alone;
Bowing in eternal thrall, giving, sacrificing all,
' Before the throne.
■ * ■ --■ ■ ■ ■ ,*-**,■"■■■
Once we owed It to the king— served the crown;
Life and love and everything, in allegiance to the
king,
Laying down*
Now we owe It to mankind— to oar race:
Fullest fruit of soul and mind, heart and hand and
all behind,
Now In place.
Loving service, wide and free, from the sod,
Up in varying degree, through me j and you,
. through you and me.
Up to God.
Mrs. Stetson's paper was warmly ap
plauded, and Mrs. Cooper declared the
discussion open.
Miss Severance was on her feet again,
and was greeted with applause in anticipa
tion of her bright remarks. She said :
"When I came to this State in 1862 I heard
that the Chinese merchants were con
sidered t the best and most trustworthy
creditors, and yet Chinese could not get
protection. You used to see boys running
through the streets and pulling China
men's queues, but you never see it now,
and why? Simply because about 2000
Chinese are native . sons of the Golden
West, and soon, as 'males,' to be given the
ballot. The ballot is a tremendous power,
and whoever are back of the ballot are
sure to be protected."
A resolution thanking Mrs. Stetson for
her two able papers, offered by Mrs. Swift
and seconded by Mrs. Van Pelt, was
unanimously carried and a telegram
ordered sent to Mrs. Stetson notifying her
of the fact.
Mrs. Cooper expressed the gratitude of
the whole audience for the many beautiful
dowers sent each day by florists and pri
vate individuals to make the stage and
hall particularly attractive. To-day the
prevailing color in the decorations and the
flowers will be red, Thursday it will be
white, Friday yellow, Saturday pink, and
Sunday, when th«» Rev. Anna Shaw will
speak, white.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Able Papers by Misses Graydon
and Keith and by Mesdames
Praar and Victor.
Mis* Catherine M. Graydon, one of the
beat-known teachers in the Oakland High
School and an advanced student in special
courses at the University of California
was the first speaker of the afternoon sess
ion. Her paper, "The; Family," treated
the unit of social life in a broad review of
conditions in historic ages. She said
imam
from its present legal and social conditions and
h^co'u^&ore^r important question that
war" '■ °«' ore the American people since the
! ot™c\ P > £?fi5 !n ° F ve ™»«t is a question
,''*" ThAn le not by conjecture, but by bls
is remlfn. ' 8 to "* fouild amidst such traces
: fusing « TlmUIVe o *l** 1 *- Lln,ii,rt and con
thev g . » such , means of • reconstructing may be.
rtcniv £ »yP atleiu comparison and analysis as
nhf?n?.J£. d<^ material! of the . arcnseologist or 4
himn;" S i# lhefacts ""to the ongiu and early
tort,.™ Kovernment are at least a Ba ß available as
*™£ cone " nl { he B™« h and kinship of lan
a^nd°s r cienc« Blnillng Md aevelopmentoi The
»ns ana sciences
-| Fully to understand the beginning of domestic
life, we must go further back than the history of
man. We have thus to begin with a condition In
which the family, as we understand ft, does not
exist. In looie yroupsof men first formed theT«
is no established order of any kind: everything la
indefinite, unsettled. As the relations of men to
men are undetermined, so are those of men and
women. Two distinct theories are hold as tothls
relationship of men and women: one. that com
munism was the archaic state; tbe other, that
some sort of family existed from the very flrsu
Arguments tne;e are on both sides.
The promiscuous manner In which certain Afri
can tribes and islnnders of the seas have lived
point to an early t ;ne when such customs must
have been general. Uut more urgent is the fact
that, wnon; primitive races Kinship la reckoned
among women alone, which seems 10 point bmck
to a communistic state and to polyandry Legends
and national souks also testify to » matriarchal
form of government, where the mother was
supreme— from her name and title were received,
from Ler property was inherited. In the Kumen
ides of .■Eschyius some sc hoi ;-r-> have discerned a
tragic conflict between two world epochs: the
hoary age of mother kinship represented by the
Krinnyes: and tbe dawning Of the age of father
kinship are announced by Apollo and corrobo
rated by Athene in her Judicial acquittal *f the
matricide Urestes on the ground that he was no
relative to his mother.
The first historical pictures of the family are
Semitic— an institution of that nomadic, mate
rially interested, mentally narrow, deeply religious
race— and these pictures present a patriarchal form
of government. Jacob, with his wives, his horde
of servants, his immense floc-cs and herJs, with
hiniseh as sole rater, is a type of the earliest family
an we really Know it. Its" roiindatioo-stone is au
thority nnd obedience.
; Synchronous, with the Hebrew manner of living
I is, in Western lands, a different type. Wberev. r
I a breath of Aryan life reaches, there strength and
; civilization flourish. The archetypal family ex
ists In both races, but it Is found, d upon different
I methods. The .Semitic is patriarchal: the Aryan
is individual: one ma~es the father the unit, the
j other the tamlly Itself: one is polygamous, in the
i other monogamy prevails: one gives all dutiPß 10
| women, the oiher cives some duties to men, and
some rights to women. The patriarchal Semitic
| sys.em is ihe germ of monarchy: the Aryan fam-
I ily is the beginning of a political commonwealth.
in Ureece and Home the Indo-European family
is the most highly evolved, both literatures tur
• mshing lusting instances of woman and her
| domain. Homer gives an Ideal type, based prob
i nbly on reality, where he pictures the relationship
of Hector and Andromache, of Odysseus and
Fenelope. of Alkinoor and Arete.
In historical times woman's position was not ao
advanced. In politics nor in military affairs did
she share. In literature ahe sailed to win re
i nown, save the Immortal Sappho. Tiiucydidea
___^ HEW TO-PAT.
mm
WASHGOODS
DEPARTMENT!
THE LATEST
PRODUCTIONS.
CHOICE DIMITIEB AND LAWNS,
12ic, 15c, 20c and 23c per Yd.
FAST COLORED BATISTES, 88
inches wide —
_ 15c per Yard.
GRASS LAWNS, colored stripes— '
__ 15c per Yard.
FRENCH PIQUES, dotted, figured,
striped and all plain colors—
__ 40c pep Yard.
A large and and select variety of FRENCH
ORGANDIES, MARSEILLES, BA-
TISTES. NAINSOOKS AND LAWN
TISSUES.
Also, an assortment of DOTTED SWISS,
with plain and colored dots, all being
sold at POPULAR PRICES.
ELEGANT WASH WAISTS,
Made of the most delicate and up-to-date
materials, from
60c, 75c, 83c, $1.88 Upward.
BEIIABLA JCSPANOU
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.expressed the common sentiment when he de
clared that "hers is the greatest glory who has
ieast renown among men."
In Rome the family held much the same posi
tion as in Greece, but perhaps a more promiuent
one in social and political life. Reunion as its
foundation was the more s'.rongly emphasized and
Its morals remained purer to a later date.
More firmly still was relieion in its monotheistic
Jorm the cornerstone of the Jewish family its
political organism was theocratic. Religion waa
not domestic, but national. The family pride of
the Jew was stronger than that of the I; reck or
Soman. The regard paid to woman was not high.
\\ hlle she enjoyed Kreater liberty than the Greek
wife she m-ver received the respect paid to the
lioman matron, nor the equality in marriuge
which belonged to the German wifa.
Previously woman's character had had for Us
jasis only sirennth. a masculine strength, and
distinguished from man's only by the intensity
almost the fierceness, of the sterner virtues. The
life of Jesus shed a new light upon a hitherto un
heard of heroism, that which may be called gen
uine, thonsh rever effeminate, and made up of
the gentler virtues. He declared blessed the
meek, the poor in spirit, the pure In heart, so it
wasthat woman assumed a new place, she grad
ually rose to a finer nature, to a hivher dignity.
And In the family her duty was eievuted above
that of m<>re motht-rhood. 'Taking the woman
in<l the man apurt. it bw family was ordained.
transformed the paternal authority into
Affection. He gave power to the mother as well as
to the father. He broko down a despotic rule and
proclaimed the equality ot both members.
Politically the family has lost presiige. A clear
pictnre of the infancy of government we have In
t)ie historical patriarchal family as the original
political unit. "From this forni, ruled by father as
priest and king, we see the family broadening into
the ••house," the gens over which the chief kins
man rules. Houses at length unite into tribes.
Mrs. Henry Krebs of San Irarcisco. One of the Most Active Workers at Yester»
da>'s Ses ijns of the Woman's Coigress.
and the chieftain is still hedged about by the
sanctity of common kmshi;. vim t lie tribesmen
' whom he rules. Finally tribes unite and the
ancient state emerges with its king, the father and
priest of his people.
But the Influence of the Reformation, as well as
of Christianity, contributed toward the elevation
of the individual above the family. The Reforma
tion was a protest against several things, but to
whatever point of difficulty the protest was aimed.
It resulted in the elevation of the individual heart
nnd mind as opposed to the sentiment and faith
of the church. It substitutes the judgment of the
individual for the judgment of a hierarchy.
And so from the plant of the Reformation, as it
sprang from Christian soil and there came to fruit
age, were taken seeds which hare been rich In de
preciation of the family and in appreciation of the
Individual. It has profoundly modified the
thought and social life of the last 350 years, for it
has given a lustintr impulse to the growth of the
individual In literature, society, government and
law. This growth has resulted in withdrawing
the family and pushing the individual toward the
front of our thought.
Transported to the New World Individualism
flowered into democraoy, and democracy in turn
developed a more intenHe form of individualism.
The American Revolution was the spirit of indi
vidualism fought out, and the Declaration of Inde
pendence was the assertion of the equality of men,
of the freedom of individuals.
At present in our country the tendency toward
individualism has a power commensurate with
the force ot those powers which have for nearly
four cantnries been directly contributed to its
development. It is felt tstrongiy aud widely. It is
seen in the emphasis placed upon the Individual as
a factor in the admlniatiationof civil government;
In the disregard and almost contempt of "blood":
in the larger legal rights given to women and in all
the discussions regarding their so-called rights; in
the movement for higher education of girls; In all
those conditions ot social life which open larger
spneres of work to women. All these results sls
nlty a corresponding shrinkage of the family as a
social and political unit. The mutual rights aud
duties of its members have been lessened. The
borne as a home has less influence over husband,
wife and children. It is divided by various social,
educational, ecclesiastical preference. The per
sonal interests of each member have increased in
number and Importance.
The cosmopolitan character of even the most
private life has tended to separate and to individ
ualize tbepostion of each member. The individual
has come to be regarded as the crown and center of
the legal and political order. The family, as an in
stitution of first importance, politically considered,
has passed away.
Of itself this development of the individual awak
ens only approval. It runs along the line of the
noblest progress of the modern world. It results
in advances and advantages in many departments
of life.. It Increases the power of the forces which
work for righteousness and truth.
But it Is accompanied by serious perils, and al
ready some ot Its evil consequences have become
apparent. Out of this tendency toward excessive
individualism bas sprung much of the socialism
which tnreaieus European and American govern
ments.
Not only In the State bnt in the family also Is
the result of this tendency made evident. The
family, which should be the source and fountain of
purest and moat lasting influences, has ceased to
exist as a political unit. .Society has thus lost one
of its most important elements of noble per
manence. It is to the family that the state bas a
right to look forcuns.-rvative tendencies, for the in
dividual is radical and progressive.
Any movement, ihe-efore, to restore the family
to Its high place, both for the sake of the good In
fluences which it produces and for the Hake of re
pressing an undue and perilous Individualism, Is
worthy the thought and effort and prayer of
. women.
Miss Agnes Manning took exception to
one of the historical characters being in
cluded with the otbera mentioned in the
paper. She arose and with emphasis said:
"No greater blackguard ever lived than
Rosseau — a man that sneaked off early hi
the morning, deserting his wife and leav
ing his children to be cast into an orphan
asylum. lam tired ol having that man
mentioned with any reference to worthy
manhood."
Miss fieverence was ready at once with
some very pointed remarks, suggested by
the speaker before her.
"The family," she said, is the molecule
of society. The family unit is part of the
nation.
"Several years ago the reformers saw
that woman's dress was inconvenient, and
Lucy Stone and Elizabeth Cady Stanton
introduced the bloomer costume that is
the popular thing to-day, although the
original design was much prettier than
that of the present, which is really a mis
ncmer.
"When these two wolnen first appeared
in New York City wearing bloomers they
were followed by a mob aud had to be put
in a cab and hurried off to avoid the hoot
ing throng. That is the way man's desire
for a Bensible dress reform was first re
ceived. Those ladies decided that they
would not subject their escorts to so much
inconvenience again, and they returned to
their long trains and furbelows and frills.
"Public opinion rules everything, and it
will have to be reformed before changes in
social and political institutions can re
j ceive recognition.
"We are molded and controlled by pub
lic opinion, and as politics control that
opinion those who have a voice in politics
are indirectly molding and controlling
themselves, but those who have no part in
! politics have no voice, in their own mold
-1 ing or control."
The next paper was by Mrs. Frances
Fuller Victor, on "Tribal Government."
She bandied her subject as follows:
Tribal government we might naturally expect
to be an evolution from family government, but a
brief review of the conditions of society in primi
tive periods reveals the fact that the tribe existed
before the family. It might also appear at the
first glance that the constitution of tribal govern
ment is too primitive and simple to be considered
philosophically — an erroneous opinion. If you
walk under the m*>ple trees in spring you find the
ground strewn with dead, blossoms between the
two wings of which is a hard round uod, appearing
like a joint connecting the wings. Cut open one of
these pods which have lain unheeded upon the
earth through the storms of winter, and you find
in this little case, tightly folded, an embryo tree,
even to the color of the leaves.
1 would compare tribal government to this
folded tree, contained within a space less than
a quarter of an inch In diameter, yet so far de
veloped as to show form and color. Within the
tribal pod is inclosed all that evolution h»- brought
to light along the lines of government from the
birth of the human,
Another spontaneous opinion upon the subject 1
shall endeavor to present understanding!}* is that
forms of government have been the inventions of
single Individuals. This also is untrue, all govern
ments having been evolved from the united ex
perience of the people governed ciown to ihat point
in history where conquest was the aim, and where
great military chiefs sought to establish one-man
power. " • • .
Scientists divide the early history, of humanity
Into two general periods — savagery and barbarism.
The first period is again divided into lower, middle
and upper 'savagery, and the second into as many
eras of barbarism, each subdivision being marked
by an advancement in thought and achievement.
Government among savages is founded solely upon
persons and families, and Is simply social, while
among barbarians It is founded also upon property
and territory, and becomes political. -
r. All that we have been able to discover is that
every race of mankind begaD at the same starting
point and went through similar If not Identical
processes, some developing i much more rapidly
than others for reasons existing, as we suppose, In
their environments. This inequality would oper
ate after a time in a manner to further binder the
upward movement of the less favored divisions of
the human family, who became the slaves of the
more fortunate ones. But < whenever they be
came able to exercise Inclination and will some
form of what I would call universal ideas of gov
ernment manifested itself. These fundamental
principles have existed from the earliest period of
the intelligent life of man upon the earth, and are
the same, more elaborated, which furnish the
foundation of government at the present. '-Said I
not that the tiny seed contained the perfect tree?"
. The earliest known social regulations concerned,
as naturally they would, the relations of the sexes.
In the effort to rise above mere brute life primi
tive man divided society into classes, founded on
sex. An example of this kind of classification is
still found in Australia, while traces of this sexual
system have been discovered on the European and
American continents. The Australians were di
vided iuto eight classes— four of males and four of
females, and the rule of marriage was - that a
woman of a certain class could only have for her
husband a man of a certain other class arbitrarily
corresponding to her own. I put the woman first
in my statement of the rule because In that primi
tive period men occupied a social position Inferior |
to that Of women, as will be seen hereafter. -
- The next stage of advancement: and which grew
out of this, was the division of society into gentes
or groups of related individuals which still re
tained their descent in the female line. - The num
ber of groups In a gens was fixed by rule, and a
gens took the name of some beast, bird or plant, as
the wolf, the raven, the beaver or the stork, which
animal became the totem of that division, serving
to distinguish - it from I any other and to prevent
forbidden marriage relations.' Under the regula
tions of the gomes at firs: marriage was restricted
to a portion of the males of -one gens with a por- 1
tion of the females of another arbitrarily decreed.
This system was relaxed until in the higher order
of savagery all the members of each gens in
permitted to marry into any gens ■ but their own.'
There Is abundant proof that •in * the primitive
ages, ' and so ■ long <as men were nomadic In their
habits, the < woman's part in tribal affairs was a
most important one. in the natural world ; the
male takes very little care of the female. -She do-!
fends herself and provides lor her offspring. In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
deed, in the lower forms of life he plays an Incon
spicuous part, and in the ascending scale his
power does not depend upon his sex, but upon his
strength and Intelligence, which in the earlier
stages of growth progressed more slowly than
woman's— as the comparative advancement of
female and male children up to a certain period
does still.
For a very long period there could be ne ac
cumulation of property, hence no laws concerning
properly existed; but when implements ana arms
of some simple forms had been Invented, certain
animals had been tamed to provide food and
clothing, and houses of some sort had supereled
the skin tent, the principle of ownership and
barter became a motive for consideration and
agreement. As the descent of lineage was in the
female line, property went with descent, as
among the Crows of the Kocky Mountains the
property acquired by the wife was the inheritance
of her children, while that of the husband
descended to bis kindred in his own gens. The
rule was the same with regard to office. Among
the Delawares a woman of the Wolf gens, being
nmrried to a chief of the Turtle gens, her husband
dying, their son could not inherit the chii-ftaln
statp, but the ofllce went to the son of a sister of
the cliier. The succession being in the Turtle
gens, and through the mother, the son of a Wolf
mother was debarred, not because she was a
woman, but because she waa of another gens. The
rule was the same among the Iroquois. If a chief
had no sister with a son, the son ot the nearest
female relative of the same totem succeeded.
Taking the Greeks, who stand for the highest
culture ever attained, as a unit, we find their
sy.«tem of early government was In almost all re
spects the same as that of the aborigiuees of this
continent.
The point at which property became a lever to
move society forward was in the upper stage of
barbarism. In savaeery the amount of property
of individuals was limite.l to personal belongings,
or at the most to the Joint possession of a residence
of a very temporary kind, with, perhaps, a garden.
Personal property was burled with the deceased
owner, and any other became the inheritance of
the gens to which he belonged. This was the
Athenian custom down to the tiiue of isolon. The
ancient graves of Central America and I'eru reveal
the existence of the same custom near the equator,
while we witness the crevaience of this practice
among northern native races at the present time.
If a woman died leaving property to be inherited,
it went to her children or her sister's children, her
brothers being excluded. If a man left property
his children took nothing, because, according to
gentile law, they belonged to the gens of their
mother.
Their primitive laws of marriaee and inheritance
seem to have bad little regard to the rights of men
—almost as little as the State Suffrage Amendment
Association of California! liut the man was only
lying In wait to take ample reprisal. No sooner
did the acquisition of property become common
than the U reeks changed the custom of descent
and limited it to the male line, permitting also lu
trrmarriage In the cens ia the cases of orphan
daughters and heiresses.
Among the Greeks with marriage women now
lost their family name and were transferred with
their children to the gens of their husbands. An
other cause may have operated to suggest this
alteration in a fundamental rule of society, namely,
the capture aud taking to wife of foreign women
from whom they would not like to trace the de
scent of their children. .Further, with increasing
knowledge and taste the Greeks changed the fam
ily name from that of some animal totem, and as
sumed that the women from whom they were de
scended had been embraced by son c of their gods,
trom whom, or from some circumstance connected
with the event, they derived their patronymic.
The change in the system of marriage ultimately
led to great abuses. Women became. Uie property
or the slaves of their relatives and suffered ac
cordingly. Yet oui of this new condition resulted
finally the redemption of the Woman from the
promiscuous sexuality in which she had lived for
thousands of years. '1 he wife beiug the property
of her husband was strictly guarded as such ; her
proprietor, according to some authorities, sitting
by his door, club in hand, to drive away Intruders.
Not only was she carefully guarded, but terribly
punished for Infractions of the social law, which
held her to be guilty, while the pattner of her
fault weut tree.
The rights, privileges and obligations of tribal
life in its most advanced stage were these: Com
mon religious life, a common burial place; mutual
rights of succession to property of deceased mem
bers; reciprocal obligations of help: defense and
redress of Injuries; the right to intermarry in the
gens in cases of orphan duuehters or heiresses;
possession of community property; of officers and
magistrates, with certain powers, Including a
treasurer; limitation of descent to the male line:
the obligation not to marry in the gens except in
specified cases: the right to adopt strangers in the
gens, and the right to elect and depose chiefs.
The possession of real property or landed es
tates was unknown in tribal life. From com
munity—houses and walled towns of fortifications
—some tribes advanced to townships with a bound
ary, but without affecting the regulations under
which this progress had been made. Having no.
written laws, tiie people carried these rules of gov
ernment, as the American Indians say, "In their
hearts." The only way by which a tribe held a
title to land was by erecting upon it altars to their
gods cr by using It as a burial-place for their dead.
I do not wish to be understood as saying that a
people did not hold territory by any other title.
Jhey did so by the right of possession or occupa
tion, ar.d were often at war on account of it; but it
was only by fighting that possession was main
tained. After the township was invented, which
was not until the higher Htage of barburism, lands
were allotted to Individuals. Allotments were
Miss Catherine M. Grnydon, an Oakland iligh School Teacher, Who Dealt With
"The Family" as a Phase of Government.
made by Moses; and Romulus, when he laid out
Home, allotted a little over two acres to each man
from the land held in common by the Roman poo
pie, and these allotments were the introduction of
ownership of lands in severally.
The Scots furnish the latest example of the gen
tile organization in Kurope. Within recent, his
torical times It was necessary to dissolve the
Highland clans in order to harmonlz<> the political
usages of the British Isles. They had established
descent in the male line, the children of the males
in any gens or clan remaining in the clan, while
the children of a woman of that clan belonged to
that of the father. In their feuds and their blood
revenge, in communfty of lanis and Uretna Green
marriages and in other gentile regulations they
followed closely the ancient customs. To particu
larize further is unnecessary.
There Is a remarkable resemblance In the origin
and growth of governmental Ideas all over the
glooe. When we meet with a race very much
lower In the scale of mental development, we have
not to say that, their origin was lower than our
own, but only that they had been hindered in their i
growth by conditions they hud been unable to
overcome. Neither cau we be permitted to judge
them by our standards of morality lor the same
reason.
Nevertheless, we are assured by the best author
ities that we are indebted to the experience of bar
barians for the principles now generally incor
porated In the plan of government In civilised
suites. Buys Morgan in his admirable w rk on
"Ancient Society": "The human mind, specifically
the same in all the tribes and nations of mankind,
mid limited in its rango of nowem, works and
must work in the same uniform channels, and
within narrow limits of variation. Its results, in
disconnected regions of apace and widely sepa
rated ages of time, articulate in a logically con
nected i-'ialn of common experience . In the
grand aggregate may still be recognized the few
primary germs of thought, working upon primary
human necessities which, through a natural pro
cess of development, have produced such vast
results."
Miss Eliza D. Keith, the young woman
to whose efforts a few years ago is
due the custom of flying the American
flap from the tops of the schooihouses,
was the last speaker of the afternoon ses
sion. With forcible speech, filled with
strong patriotic sentiment, repeatedly
greeted with burst 9of applause, she talked
of "The Nation," a subject she treated in
the following way:
A nation is a body of population which its proper
history has made one with itself, distinct from all
I others. The evolution and progress ot humanity
form nations, which develop by the operation of
principles. While race and language are leading
factors in the formation of states and the de
velopment of national life, they are not all impor
tant. In its restricted, ethnological sense a nation
is a people of one race, connected by birth or de
scent—of ond blood, one language, possessing a
common history— the same customs, manners and
institutions.
Politically a nation is the union of the citizens
i of a state or states under one head, of people wlth
i out respect to differences of race, customs or
lunguage, united under a central government, a
perpetual government that can be overthrown
only by successful revolution.
Ambitious rulers and great statesmen seek to
form the political nation, chiefly by conquest.
But a nation formed by conquest, and not by
assimilation, h«s no cohesiveuess and is ready to
disintegrate the moment the controlling or com
pelling force is withdrawn.
But a great nation must make converts through
conquest, be those conquests achieved on the bat
tlefield, in the area of diplomacy or in the open
mart of territorial exchange or purchase. Lesser
peoples seek to merge their former Identity in that
of the greater nation Qf which they have become a
part. A great nation inspires Us citizens with an
abiding faith in its future, a living loyalty to its
very name.
The ethnological idea of a nation Is chiefly senti
mental. The political idea is the practical one, tor
it takes a great nation to carry out great ideas.
In Itself the United States of America stands as
the best example of a political nation, where, In
spite of original differences of rm^, customs or
lunguage, these people are merging into oue com
mon stock.
The highest form of a nation is where the peo
ple form and maintain a government strong
enough to punish criminals, regulate society, pro
tect its citizens in all their rights, yet powerless to
do any harm to its own law-abiding people, buch
a nation is our great Republic, the United States.
The great American Nation is not a federation of
Plates but a government as strictly of the people
as Is any state government.
Our laud is a virgin soil. It is not the sepulcber
of a dead world— the tomb of countless genera
tions—whose achievements nave beggared possi
bility. While the monuments ot antiquity are
wanting to inspire us to emulate the achievements
of long-dead ancestors, yet we are spared the de
pressing effect of their presence. We escape being
dwarfed by tne consciousness that ll is futile even
to attempt to rival what, has already been accom
plished.
But that we as a people are not lacking in a de
sire to realize the highest ideals of art let the noble
architecture of the World's Fair forever silence
cavil or question.
Can aught arrest the development of this highest
tvj>.' of American? The danger lies in unrestricted
immigration. We have already received more
foreign elements than we can assimilate. The
foreign born and their immediate descendants al
r.viy exceed the native born north ot Mason und
Dixon's line.
At the present time there are over 2.000,000
Idle laborers in the United States, and yet Immi
grants are flocking to our shores at the rate of
30,000 a month.
These off-scourin*;*i of Europe are not the mate
rial of which to make American citizens. The re
striction of immigration is all that can preserve
the integrity of American life.
As Americans we tolerate the presence of no
class or clan or sect among us that is antagonistic
toAmerUan principles. No other language thau
the mother tongue of our Nation, the .English
language, should be accepted as the vehicle for
National or municipal expression. Un-American
influences should be cast out from our public insti
tutions, particularly from onr public schools.
"America for Americans" should be our watch
word, and by Americans I mean those who are in
itympathy with American institutions. Imbued
with the spirit of true Americanism, whether they
be American citizens by birth or adoption.
In our public schools there should be no place for
avowed aliens, or for those who breathe treason or
who deprecate the system on which they axe para
sites.
For in these schools are formed the citizens of
the Culled States. The brotherhood of man and
the federation of the worla is a grand thought, but
for the practical purposes of citizenship the cos
mopolite contributes nothing to the strength of
any nation. A citizen ot the world after all is
oniy an alien in any lana.
It should be an American's pride to have his
nationality so stamped upon him that he could
never be mistaken tor other than American. He
should despise foreign fads, fashions and follies,
and in all things prefer his own country, Its re
sources and its productions first, last and all time.
He must allow no foreign intervention in oar Na
tional policy, and no alien ownership of American
mv;i. over 27,000,000 acres are now owned by
Kuropeans.
The wise American desirous of attaining to the
broadest measure of nationality will geek to know
more of every part of bis country, if not by travel
then by means of books and the daily telegraphic
news, lor to be provincial or bigoted In sectional
feeling Is not American citizenship.
No nation can long exist as a nation when Its
people are arruved against each other by conflict
ing interests, or when capital and patriotism are
on opposite sides. Either the conditions must be
readjusted or separation must ensue.
Jlu t for us there is no inevitable disaster, though
the clouds may gutber. as before so now will the
Ship of state innko for the open sea. and nteer
clear of the rocks and "the false lights on the
sliore. '
What are they, those false lights, those treacher
ous beacons that would lure to destruction? The
lulse standards of morality Imposed upon every
coininnuity by a mercenary, sensational press.
By its worship of the almighty dollar. Its ex
cuses for wickedness in high places, the subservl
i-nry to corporations, the toadying to money, the
I betra al of the people's interests, the sale of con-
I science, honor and loyalty, the abuse and misrep
resentation heaped upon what Is upright, true and
noblo-by all this list of infamy does the sensa
tional press, the modern Trojan horse, menace the
nublic morals, to destroy the strength of the
Nation.
, What can avert this disaster? What will save
the Nation?
The Influence of woman reaching from her home
up to the very head of the Government,
The purity of woman is not merely a sentimen
tal idea that maidens should be chaste and matrons
virtuous simply because it is a pity to aeiile a
shrine.
To woman Is Intrusted the honor of the husband,
the integrity of the family and the sanctity of the
home. No nation could exist upon the basis of a
free-love community. The home is more than the
boarding-house. Men take np arms to defend
their homes, while they desert oue hotel tor
another at a moment's notice.
The wife is dearer than the mistress. Men do
not fight for the mistress in her defense, in her
honor, though among themselves they may fleht
over her because their ownership Is disputed, their
proper;y rights questioned.
It is for the wife and home that men pour forth
their life blood. A good woman's influence must
ever make for good in the home— in the nation.
The advent of woman in the shop, the office, the
college — wherever she has gone — has raised the
moral atmosphere.
When women vote the morals of the Nation will
be st 11 more in her keeping. The advent ot women
at the poi:s will not so much affec,t the relative
strength of parties us it will compel each party to
I put up better men for office, for uo man of known
I immoral character can hope for the votes of
the women, as a class.
This will promote the morality of the nation,
for no more pernicious doctrine waa ever current
than that the public have nothing to do with the
private life, the personal character of a public man.
Besides conserving the iiiocal health of a Nation,
women are intrusted with the development of the
child into the young American patriot, the lo.al
A nierican citizen. The mother impresses the child
j before its birth and, during the first seven years of
I its existence, the child is ulmosi exclusively under
feminine inilueuce.tuat of the mother, or of aneiuer
j sister, or of some woman teacher; and in the first
seven years of a child's life, so the philosophers
tell us, the child's character is formed.
The time is coming when American men, acting
in self-defense, will give women the ballot to
rescue the Nation from the ignorant foreign voter
and the criminal elements in our National life.
Why fear that woman will then struggle with
man for supremacy in his own fields? The inter
ests of women. and men are not antagonistic.
They are complemental, and the keener moral
sense and the finer intuit ons of women will re-en
force the greater physical strength and intellectual
|. power of man in shaping the destiny of the Nation.
Once endowed with tne rights, as well as the. re
sponsibilities of citizenship, trained in the princi
ples of goo<l government and political economy,
clothed with political authority, and able to carry
out her. convictions as either mother or school
teacher, women will be better equipped to train
the rising generations in patriotic citizenship.
Kvery American mother must make her child a
baby patriot, proud of the tiny American flag
•a bi* ii she pins upon his breast as she takes him
to see the Fourth ot July procession.
Kach teacher— a woman teacher, remember—
must take those baby patriots and develop them
into Intelligent American citizens. More than
that, the American schoolteacher must plant the
first Idea of patriotism in many a little heart; in
spire him to love this country, the laud of his birth
or the home of his parents' adoption— lo love it
most and best. This country is educating him,
this Nation wants him for its loj al citizen. It
calls for his love — his devotion. To him this Na
tion must become the one Nation of all the earth.
Does the Nation realize the responsibilities
which rest upon these political nonentities — these
women teachers of our public schools ?
Think of it, our public schools are full of children
who never hear one worJ of Knglish spoken et
home. They are the offspring of parents who
habitually set all law at open defiance 0r secret j
evasion. These parents are strangers to our Anglo-
Saxon ideas of morality and government. They
care nothing tor America except that here they
obtain the living that they could not wring from
the pauper soil of Kurope. Can the public school
teacher make patriotic Americans of Buch
children? That is what she is doing every day.
Tin lmpe of our country is in our children, nnd
as our public schools are conducted so will that
hope be frustrated or fulfilled.
Among the thinkers of the Nation, those who
loyally uluvate the Nation above the separate
state, the conviction prows that the National
Government should have control Of the public
schools, reducing the uneven and conflicting sys
tems to an educational uniformity auu raising Uie
standard of individual excellence.
The Nation educates her eoldiers and her sailors,
whyfcnot her future citizens? Her very life de
pends upon their loyalty.
It is too late to train a voter when he is on his
way to the polls, but the children may be trained
In the virtues of true citizenship. School children
must be tauuht that a good name is better than
riches, and that the ballot-box is as sacred as an
altar.
The American child must be helped to realize
that material prosperity is not everything, Dut
that art la the soul ot life, the divine compensa
tion lor man's necessity for labor.
In America our good is batter than the best of
other nations. What is bad has come from out
side sources and shall be cast forth, and what is
best in other countries we will take and make our I
own and stamp it. with our Americanism.
We are the people and our country is the one
great Nation of the earth.
The Rev. Dr. Philip Graif of Oakland
opened the discussion.
•'The new woman,! 1 he said, "is only the
woman of old under nobler and better
auspices. The patriotism now being
manifested by woman is an earnest that
she will become a great bulwark of the
Nation."
Other well-known speakers discussed the
paper until the hour for adjournment.
Evening Session.
Hundreds were turned away at the
evening session. The aisles were filled by
a standing throng, and though there was
much crowding there was, happily, no ill
feeling, and everything passed off in a
cay. good-natured fashion, notwithstand
ing the discomfort. The crowd was Beri
ous, as well, since the matters considered
were of grave import.
Hon. Taylor Rogers, secretary to the
Mayor, delivered an eloquent address on
"Patriotism." He was frequently inter
rupted by enthusiastic applause.
During the discussion which followed
Charles Getz asked:
"If the law were carried out in regard to
women as it is when men are concerned,
would not there be as many women as
there are men in jail?"
Cries of "No, no," and bursts of laugh
ter greeted the question, the point of
which seemed to be by no means lost.
Dr. Edward Allsworth Ross, professor of
finance at Stanford University, a young
man already well known in the educa
tional centers of the United States as an
independent thinker upon economic ques
tions, delivered the concluding address.
He took for his subject "What We Are
Now," and spoke extemporaneously.
To-Day's Programme.
"Woman" will be the topic to-day; and
no less than ten people are going to talk
about her. Following is the programme :
10:30 A. !*.— "Woman as a Popular Myth,"
Miss Cordelia S. Kirkland, Chicago, 111.;
"Womau as a Plain Fact," Miss Sarah M. Sev
erance; "Woman as a Social Factor," Mrs.
Kliza A. Orr; "Woman as a Social Sufferer,"
Rev. Eliza Tupper Wilkes, Oakland.
Afternoon session, 2:30 o'clock— "Woman in
Religion," Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D., Oakland,
president Pacific Theological Seminary;
"Woman In Fiction," Mrs. Lovell White;
"Woman in Poetry," Miss Dorothea Roth.
Evening session, 8 o'clock— "As She Was and
as She Is," Rev. Jacob Voorsanger, D.D. ; "As
She Is Said to Be," Mtes Elizabeth U. Yates,
Maine; "As She Will Be," Rev. Anna Shaw.
Mr. and Mrs. Prank Shade of Dendall
ville, hid., are the smallest people in the
State. They are both under three feet in
height.
NEW TO-DAT.
Plumpness is prosper-
ity, good nature, hap-
piness. It is not to
shiver with every cold
breeze; it is defense
against coughs, shelter
from Neuralgia, shield
against nervous pros-
tration; better than all
— security from germs
of Consumption and
an escape from a thou-
sand aches and pains
which cling to a poorly
nourished body* Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil with Hypophos-
phites will make thin
people not over-fat, but
plump* It smoothes out
the wrinkles and brings
the dimples back*
NEW TO-DAY.
MUNYON
Druggists Testify to the Success
of His Improved Homeo-
pathic Remedies.
FACTS THAT CANNOT BE DENIED.
The Sale of Munyon's Remedies Exceeds
That of All Other Medicines.
Popular With the People Because They
Furnish a Remedy for very Disease.
Cure Promptly and Permanently and
Are Only 25 Cents a Bottle. -
Professor J. if. Munyon— Dear Sir: We
take great pleasure in stating tnat we were
greatly surprised at the unexpected de-
mand for your remedies. It is rather un-
usual to take this city by storm as you
have done. This indicates that your
goods must possess merit. Respectfully
yours,
MACK & CO., "Wholesale Druggists,
■ ■ ' San Francisco, Cal.
Mnnyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon'B ■ Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents. :
Muuyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lunjrs. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon'a Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of piles. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in 3
minutes and cure permanently. Price. $1.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure — price 25c — eradicates
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets — price 25c— cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's Nerve Cure is a wonderful
nerve tonic. Price, 25 cent's.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost vigor.
Price, $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a vial.
.Personal letters to Prof. Mnnyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical adviqs for any disease.
I iSS .<ffi ce y an s/I7IC/AC&
I vT * r * ■" ■■■\- g
122 Geary St., Near Kearny. I
Priestly's
Black I
Goods! I
As we distribute Priestly's Goods fl
directly from manufacturers we are %
enabled to sell at very low figures. I
PRIESTLY'S Serges, I
PRIESTLY'S Fancy Weaves, J
PRIESTLY'S Silk Warp Goods, I
PRIESTLY'S Fancy Mohairs. i
fl GOODS SENT C. O. D. M
CJ SAMPLES FORWARDED. f
I R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY. I
LIGHTNESS J*3ti£&£\
i STRENGTH g^M Wt\
| BEAUTY SbsE BFj
( | more iv a bicycle? xjgßalpP^ 2
< i T _ere is more in the Z
1 Monarch^
!! 4 models. $S0 tod $100. full guaranteed. For W
W children and adnlu who want ■ lower price wheel M
Q the Deflaaee ia made la 8 models, I (0, (80, $75. Z
Q ' Send for Monarch book.
i © MONARCH CYCLE MFG. CO., t
O 8 and & front St., San Francisco.
iff* B>CVCt -ES Vmi
I%y BH— j""*^** ■-W "■ n bxJ v 7* Si \4 \
IT \ 1510 MARKET ST. l lssl
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
. OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT^
LI PO TAI JR., /~X
, Chinese Tea and Herb L-^ J
Sanitorinm, Qy^ a?
No. 727 Washington SL.Vilfl
San Francisco, OaUV. r X'S- f
Cor. Brenh*m PUs« above Wet , A
UlvplAUL jE^^/fW
Office Hours: 9to 13. '— ** t jJP^S
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- . *wpfr
, day, 9A.M.to 13 M.
• Li Fo Tai Jr., son of the famous Ll Pa
Tal, has taKen his father's business
\ and is, after eleven years' study ia
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
NEW TO-DAT. *
1"~¥ 1 NOLAN BROS.
%%% SHOE CO.
m wik oHUt UU.
LATEST STYLE
FI3STE
TAN SHOES!
We Are the Only House That Has
All the Very Latest Tan Shoos.
1 OLD STYLESiOUR STORE
Nothing but the very latest and all
right up to the minute. So when
you want Tan SHOES come or send
direct to our store and buy them. *
AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
■*■■-.
We Are Making a Specialty
of Tan Shoes and Can
Suit Everyone.
All Styles That Are Made in
Black Shoes We Have in Tan.
WE SELL:
Ladies' Finest Quality Tan Chrome Kid Button,
hand-turn soles, pointed toes and tips, at..
$2 50 per pair
Ladles' Fine Tan Oxfords, French heels, hand,
turn soles, pointed toes and tips, at. s2 per pair
Ladles' Fine Tan Kid, Brown Cloth Top Ox- '
fords, or Southern Ties, hand-turn soles,
pointed or square toes, at... $1 50 per pair
Ladies' Fin 6 Russet Oxford Ties, turn soles,
pointed or square toes, at $1 per pair
Ladles' White Canvas Oxford Ties, turn soles,
pointed toes, at ...$1 GO per pair
Children's and Misses' Tan Button Shoes.
Spring heel, square toe and tip.
Sizes 5 to 8 90e
Sizes BVa to 1L '. !....!..! $1 00
Sizes 11 ' is to a....- .$1 25
Men's Tan Shoes
From $2.00 Up.
We have all the Very Latest Styles
and Shades In MEN'S TAN SHOES.
GIVEN AWAY!
A Rubber Ball or Base Ball
With Every Purchase.
- Send us your address and we will mall you a
Catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
MARKET STREET.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'FarreU St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5537.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIBE-PBOOF, ' *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. *
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, 'with, baths,
900 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Birer>
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L ' to 60th St., or Broadway cable
care to hotel. Boulevard can passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan, $1 np. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
' pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
In New YoriV^ W. JOHHBO2? QUINN, Mgr. .
WM. NOBLB, Propr. •
THE ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
— -OF THE——
BREEDER AND SPORTSMAN
A ND ALL THE PKOPKBTV, CONSISTING OF
A Equipment, Good-will, Book Accounts, ate.,
connected with name, also the Stallion Memo, on*
Bay Mare by Memo, one Chestnut Gelding by Sid-
ney and one High-wheel Sulkey, has been con-
tinued to
WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, AT 1 O'CLOCK P. R.
Sale to be held at the office of the BREEDER
AND SPORTSMAN, 313 Bush street.
F. W. KEIXKY, administrator of the estate of
JAMES P. KKKR. deceased.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for Sa9
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and ft
frreat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
Sells on Its own Merits— no long-winded teiu-
xnonials necessary.
.NAIinK, .il.l'S & BBI'.VK, Agents,
323 Market St.. S. (send for Circular.)
COSMOPOXjITAKT,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 " Fifth st., San
* rancisco, Cal The most select family hotel la
the city. Board ana room, $1, $1 25 »ad $1 60 per
day, according to room. Meals :25c. Rcoms, 50a
•nd 75c a day. . free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Co*,
mopolitan Hotel. . WM. I'AHEY, Proprietor.
GREAT FALLS, MONTANA
SPEAKS FOR : ITSELF. A YOUNG CITY
with greater water-power than all the great
water-powers In the United States combined, and
mining 80 per cent of the coal of the State. For
Information call upon or write A. T. KYLE, 14
HcKnlsht block. —•
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A CO.
European plan. Rooms sOc to 81 60 per day, 92
to 98 per week, $8 to >30 per montn: free b*chs;
hot and . cold water every room: - tire grates la
every room; elevator runs aUoigbt,
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
prMMART OF THK MAKKKTS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Shipment of $13.d00 to China.
Wheat Freights quiet.
Wheat dull.
Barley quieter.
Oats. Corn and Rye Inactive.
jieaus weak and dull.
Dried Peas nominal.
Hay weak.
No change in Flonr.
Potatoes higher. Onions weaker.
Ureen Peas and String Beans advanced.
F.nttersteaay. Cheese and Eggs weak.
A car oi Eastern Poultry due.
Growers ask high prices for Cherries.
Grapes promise to be dear.
Currants appeared.
Berries bring good prices.
Citrus Fruits quiet.
Dried Tniits dull.
Some changes in Provisions.
Hides and Leather dull.
Hops and Wool neglected.
Hoss lowei again.
Canned Fruit quiet.
Oils unchanged.
Several kinds of Coal lower.
SMALL TKEASI'RK SHIPMENT.
The City of Peking took out a treasure list of
only 913,000, consisting of $11,010 In Mexican
Dollars and 9J990 in Gold Coin, all shipped by
private parties, the banks shipping nothing. This
is one of the very smallest treasure shipments ever
known.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with th» wind. The top figurw
•t station indio.it- maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
daring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of eqral air pressure; i«o
-therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, 'lbe
■woru 'hicb" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
ami accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interim
aii.i low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of < >regon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BVRKAU REPORT.
Unsted Status Department of Asbictti~
Tvrk, Wkathkr Bureau, San Francisco,
May 4, 1^96, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The fo lowing are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of some date last season:
Eureka 48.48, last s-ason 41.91: Red Bluff '20.88,
last season 29.25; San Francisco 20.57, last season
26.41; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
Obnpo 17.62, last season 26.93; Los Angeles 9.07,
last season 16.04; Sao Diego 6.92, last season
12.16; Yuma .Bß. las', season 3.01.
The follo-ving maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-four hours: Kureka 54, Ked Bluff
64, >au Krancisco 67, Fresno 64, San Luis Oblspo
56, Los Angeles 68, San Diego 62, Yuma 82.
San Krancisco data— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 48. mean 52.
The following rainfalls have been reported dur
ing the past twenty-four hours from stations in
California: Eureka. 4o, Red Bluff trace, San Fran-
Cisco truce, Los Angeles .01, San Dtego .02.
The are» of low pressure which was Just east of
the Rorky Mountains last night is moving slowly
over the upper Missouri Valley, where the pres
sure has fallen during the past twenty-four hours
as much as three-tenths of an inch. The pressure
ts rising on the Pacific Slope, although light rain
is falling from Eureka to Portland. Some unusual
temperatures are reported to-night from stations
in Eastern Wyoming, the Dakotas and Nebraska.
At Bismarck the temp'-rature is 27 degrees above
the normal and at Lander 18 degrees. Rain Is fall
ing over I" ah and there hits been a decided fall in
temperature. Along the coast states the tempera
ture has remained stationary. At Yuma there has
been a fall of 12 degrees in the past twenty-four
hours.
Forccas' made at San Francisco for thirty hours
enflinj? midnight. May 6, 1896.
Northern California— Rain to-night in extreme
northwestern portion; generally fair Wednesday;
continued cool weather, except warmer in northern
portion Wednesday and in eastern portion Wednes
day night: fresh westerly winds.
outheru California— Fair Wednesday: warmer
Wed esdny night in eastern portion ; light westerly
winds
N evada — Cloudy weather and probably light
snows to-night in extreme northern portion; fair
Wednesday ; warmer in extreme northwest.
ftah— Rain to-night and Wednesday: continued
cool weather.
Arizona— air Wednesday: cooler In eastern por
tion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
northwesterly winds.
W. H. Ham vox, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., May s.— As on yesterday
the stock market was one of specialties, the indus
trials figuring lor the bulk : of the business trams
acted. The total sales were only 104,000 shares.
Tobacco was weak throughout, and under steady
pressure the stock tor both accounts fell from 68*4
to 66yp@67V8- Leather preferred, on the other
hand, was firm on rather vague reports that the :
directors intended declaring a dividend shortly, i
Bay . State Gas started off with a rise of 1 V 8 to 3*3,
felt to 31 and rallied to 32V 2 ra3li 4. Laclede Gas
anil Rubber were heavy: The former broke 314 to
25% on a false rumor that the case involving the
char: of the company had been decided against it. ■
Later on a rally to 2714 ensued. Rubber, com
mon, dropped I^4 to 23 and the preferred 3»i to
8014, the announcement that ex-President Brani
gun has oigun.zed an opposition company having
induced further liquidations. Cotton oil, common
and preferred, were higher on the statement that
the directors had declared the regular semi-annual
dividend of 3 per cent on the latter. - The usually
active railway list showed no change of Import
. ance, although the tendency of prices was down
ward. London operations were insignificant, but
local traders were disposed to espouse the short
side of the account, because 01' engagements of
gold for Thursday's stenmers and the Impression
that additional amounts will be forwarded to Eu
rope on hatnrdiiy. ■ . ■ ' .
Speculation closed dull, net changes show losses
of Vis® Hi in 1 the railway list and yg@3% In the
industrials. Cotton oil preferred gained Vi on the
•lay. . .. . .. - , . . .■. ■ : , ■ ■ .
Bonds were firm In tone. The sales aggregated
91, 100,000. Baltimore «nd Ohio, Parker»burg
branch, nixes rose 2 to 109; Hocking Valley fives,
■4 10 86%; do general sixes, 1 to 90: Pennsyl
vania Railroad four and a halts, 1 to 113; St. Joe
and Grand Island sixes certificates, 1 to 44^; st.
Paul Consolidated sevens, IJ/i to 130, and St.
Louis and San Francisco Consolidated fours, %
In Government bonds 990,000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 117^40(117%: 910.000 registered
fours of 1907, 10jy 8 , and $1000 coupon fives.
112%. ■•
Grain. ' .
FTX)UR— Easy: winter wheat, low grades, 92 20
fi? 00 : do fulr to ianc y> 92 85 3 85 ; do patents,
3 90@420: Minnesota clear, 92 60@3 16; do
straights, *3 00@3 50; do patents. 93 46&3 55
-low extra. 92 50(0.3 00; city mills, 94 10S4 JO; do
patents, 94 30@l 50: rye mixture. 92 :60@3 50
-superfine. 92UU@2 35: fine, 92 Uo@2 30. Soutli
♦-rn, flour, dull, easy, 92 40@2 80. Buckwheat
flour, 91 20.
WHEAT— 40@42c.
COItNMEAL-Quiet. steady: yellow Western,
$2 20@2 25: Bramtywine. 9- 20. raw™,
RY E— Nominal ; No. '1 Western, 44@44%c; State,
46c.
BARLEY— Steady; ungraded Western, «9@4lc.
BARLEY MALT-Nominal; Western, 48®53c!
WHEAT— Quiet, firmer with options uuchaiiKtd •
f. o. b., 74c: ■ ungraded • red. 7U®Boc; No ' i
Northern. 7114 c. --■' .*' •■
' Options advanced 1 14° on ■ firmer cables, better
West, bullish -crop news and local covering- de- 1
clined V«6*%f on realizing; closed steady at'i-' a f4»
%c over yesterday, with fairly active trade. 1
July and May most active. No. 2 red. May, June,
July, 69c; ' Angust, 68% c; September, 69y 8 c :
December. 7094 c.
CORN— Firm. No. 2, 34»4@35c elevator; 35%
(q Me afloat. '
Options were moderately active and firm at un
changed prices to VsC. " advance, following the |
West. July and .May most active. May, i*4*4c;
July. 3654 c: Septemoer. 36% c.
OATS— Quiet: firmer. Options— Dull, firmer:
May. 2414 c: July. 2414 c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 24»4c: No. 2 white, 25^c;
No. 2 Chicago, 25»4c; No. 3, 23% c: r No. 3
white, 24V 3 c: mixed Western. 24V«s<§25%c:
do white ana while State. 26@26y.c
FEED BRAN-57V->@62Vic.
MIDDLINGS— 65@70c.
RYE— Feed, 65c.
Provisions. -
BEEF— SIow; family, $9 60@ll; extra mess.
97(g»8: beef hams, dull, $14 sU@ls 50: tierced
beef, steady; city extra India mess, 914@15 50:
cut meats weak; pickled bellies, 12 pounds,
46/h£M*4c; do shoulders, 41/8^43,40 ; do hams,
S@9i/ic.
LARD — Quiet, steady; Western s*eam. 95 05;
city, 94 50; May. 95 05; Refined., dull; continent.
95 40: South American. «5 80: compound, 41,4©
4%c. .
PORK— steady, moderate demand; old mess, 99@
9 50: new mess, 911.
BUTTER — in fair demand: State dalrv. 8
f&llc; do creamery. ll(g,l«c: Western dairy,
7@llc; do creamery. ll@16c: do held. 9@llc;
do factory, 70510 c; h-lpms, 16c; imitation cream- j
cry, 9i-2@l2c.
CHEESE — New, firm; State large, old, 5@
9»4c; do new, 7<a>Bß/ 4 c: do small. 4J£@loc;
part skims, old, Si^'S^Vie: full skims. 2@2%c.
EGGS— Easy; State and Pennsylvania, 10V"@
lie: Southern, S@9c: Western fresh, 9@10«»c.
TALLOW— 1. eauy; city, 3V4@3 ' 6-16 C;
country, 3Vi@3%c.
COTTONSEED OlL— steady, dull: crude. 2iy 2 c:
yellow, prime. 26i/4@26^c; do off grade, 25Vi@
SJSy 2 c.
TURPENTINE— NominaI; 28@28V£c.
POTATOES— Weak.
RlCE— Steady. Domestic.falr to extra, 3@sS4c:
Japan, 4@41.4c.
MOLASSES— Steady: New Orleans open Kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— DuII, steady. 5 points up to 6 down.
May,9l2 95@13; July. 912 50: August, 912 05;
September. 911 60: March, 910 70. Spot Rio
duli. steady. No. 7, 13'?4@14c. :
SUGAR— Raw, quiet,' firm; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugals. 96 test. 4i/*c: refined, quiet,
steady, off A, 4 13-I6@oc: mold A, 6%c; stand
ard A, 53/ ¥ C ; confectioners' A, 514 c; cut loaf, 6c:
crushed, be; powdered and cubes, 6%c; granu
lated, 51 (jC.
. Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
ALMONDS- Nominal.
WALNUTS— NominaI.
APRICOTS— Bags, BVgrai2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ft to, 10®12c; do unpeelea,
6@Bi/ 2 c.
RAISINS — Three-crown loose muscatel, 35,4@4c;
do London layers, 90c@91.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 6c.
HOPS— Quiet, State common to choice, 2y.iaßc;
Pacific Coast. 2y a @7c.
WOOL— Quiet, domestic fleece. 16@21c; pulled
15@33c; Texan, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
911 12 60.
COPPER-Dull; Lake. 910 75.
LEAD— asy; domestic. 93 02Vi@3 05.
TIN-Steady: straits, *13 So@la 40.
SPELTKK-Steady; domestic, »4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., May The trend of senti
ment In wheat this morning was In favor of a
rally. Theory was th*t prices had suffered enough
lately and that a short interest of some import
ance had been created. On the curb a slight gain
from the close of lan night was made and the im
provement was conveyed to the regular opening.
It was not maintained, however, the driving being
too tame to be effective. The weather prediction
of rain for the Northwest communicated the only
supporting power. Receipts at Chicago were 26
cars, and 82,100 bushels were withdrawn from
store. The Northwest had 531 cars, against 641
last Tuesday and 389 a year ago Liverpool open
ing cables were quiet and unchanged. Later ones
came with an advance of 1 a^)ld, this market re
covering in sympathy and making a gain or about
i%c.
street's reported a decrease in the world's
available supply of 4.375,000 bushels. The Pa
cific Coast decreased for the month 640,000 bush
els, which amount was probably a Dart of the
world's reduction. Paris closing cables quoted
flour 15 centimes lower and wheat 15 centimes
higher to unchanged. Antwerp was unchanged,
and Berlin 11/2 to 2 marks lower. Atlantic sea
board clearances were 225.987 bushels, including
wheat and flour. The full improvement was not
maintained, a reaction in prices taking place dur
ing f c closing moments of the session. July
wheat opeuel from 61%c@61»4c, sold between
61'/gc@ti;;7Bc, closing at b2i,4c, 6/ a c over yester
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, five cars.
CORN"— Wheat guided corn throughout the ses
sion, which was of a very dull character. Al
though the receipts (466 cars) were large, exceed
ing the estimate by 61 cars, the market dis
regarded the fact at the opening, first prices ex
hibiting a fair degree of firmness. An easier feel
ing succeeded, wheat receding at the same time.
Further along in the session there was a rally
through sympathy with the leading market, and
the strength continued to prevail during the rest
of the day. Bradstreet'.t reported a deer, in
available supplies of 4.261,000 bushels. With
drawals from store were 297,071 bushels. Liver
pool cables were 1 od lower for snot and unchanged
lor futures. Export clearances amounted to
223,442 bushels. July corn opened at 29y»c. sold
between 2yi/i@29B4c, closing at 29i /a @29%c,
Va@V«c higher than yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow, 125 cars.
OATS— Moved quietly and without attracting
any too much attention. The tone was usual, de
rived from the surroundings, wnlle the business
was purely local. Receipts were 296 cars. There
were no withdrawals from store. Bradstreet's
gave a decrease in stocks of 1.530,000 bushels.
July oats closed Vie per bushel higher. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow, 100 cars. .
FLAX — Was easy. Cash, 89c; May, 84c;
"July, 861/2 C; September, 88@89%c Receipts were
14 cars.
PROVISIONS— Product was lacking In life and
energy. The tone was a reproduction of that of
the hog market, with likewise some reference to
the action of grain. At first firmness was notable,
but early In the session prices slipped away, offer
ings being moderate and the demand indifferent.
Later a steadier tone wan presented, with which
the improvement in grain had much to do. July
pork cioied a shade higher. July lard unchanged
and July Ribs 5c higher.
BUTTER— The butter market was firmer to
day. Receipts were fair, and there was a good de
mand from all sources. Creameries— Extras,
15Vac; firsts. 14@15c. Ladles— 9c; others
unchanged.
EGGS— Offerings were liberal, but buyers were
backward, The feeling was easy, and fresh stock
ranged from 8c to 9c ft do*en.
MONEY— 6% on call and «@7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 70c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— May. 61c; July, 621,4 c; Septem
ber. 63Vsc
COR.N-May, 28Vie: July, 29y 2 fe29%c; Sep
tember, 3<i%c.
OATS— May, 17V 8 c; July, 19c; Septem
ber, 198/ B e.
PORK-May, 97 92%: July. 98 05; Septem
ber, 98 22i/ 2 .
LAl'.lj-n.ay, 94 77^; July, 94 87%; Septem
ber, K5 021/2
-i.lbv-Ajay, (4 171^; July, 94 SO; September,
,', . livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lu^., May 6.— The re
ceipts of cattle were large for a Tuesday. The
demand was slow and prices averaged 5c lower,
Offerings of hogs showed further reduction to-day.
Prices were steady but no advance was made. The
trade in sheep was sow at .steady prices.
CATTLE — Receipts. 4500. Fancy beeves.
94 40(34 60: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. 94 20 (Set 35: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds. 94 00 a 4 15: medium steers. 1000
to 1 400 pounds. 93 80@3 95: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. 93 41 toll 75: choice . feeders.
900 to 1180 pounds. 93 50(a.3 95; common to choice
stackers. 93 26@3 65; bulls and stags, choice to
extra, 92 B!ifs3 60: bulls, poor to choice, 92 25@
2 40; cows and heifers, extra. 93 60@4 00; cows, fair
to choice. -92 4U(&)3 50: ■ cows, common to fair,
91 60@2 35: calves, good to choice, 94 25
(*4 75: calves, common to good. 9203 40: Texas
grass steers, 92 60@2 90: l>xas fed steers, poor to
choice. 93 50@4 id: milkers ana springers, per
head, 920@10. - "'
HUGS— Keceipts. 16.000. Heavy packlnr ■' and
shipping lots. 93 35683 55: common to choice
mixed. S3 35(<£3 60: choice assorted. 93 65(^
3 70: light, 93 40&3 70; pigs, 92 76(&3 70
-hHEKP — Receipts. 16,000. Interior to choice,
92 501*3 90 ; lambs, 93 50*5 10. "-;
MSW VoltK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
■ ' * . Share*. .•
. Money on rail easy at 2@2%>;: last loan at 21/2%;
and closing offered at 2V 2 ", rrrn- mercantile paner,
6951/3%. Bar silver, '68%- Mexican dollar*. 63%
@ii4%u. Sterling exchange easier, with actual busi
ness hi Banters' bills a; 94 h7S4@4 88 for sixty
days and 94 88 s /i@4 89 for demand. Posted raton,
* 4 88y 2 ©4 90. Commercial bills. 94 8034(3,4 87 1/4-
Government bonds have been higher; sitale bonds
dull: railroad bonds firm. - Silver at the board was
quiet. '■'■'-
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel <& Cable... »4 Norfolk 4 W#» ai.i
Atchison- « 16% Preferred......... 6%
1 Preferred '^^/V. Northern Pacific.. 18/.
Adams Express. '.. 150 . j •Preferred. -... ■ X-ziZ
Alton,TerreUaate. 55 Norm western..... 10(j
American Express. 113 . Preferred..,..;... 14914
American Tobacco. 07 N. V. Central . *LiZ
Preferred........ 96Vjl.N .Y. Chlcago<fca.£ Ij4*
Bey fetateUas 3)Vb Ist preferred..... 7b
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3/4]3 /4] ■ Id preferred..;... 3^
trunswicK Lands- ■ ty»i N. Y. «fc N. 11 .- .173
Buffalo. Roch &P.■ 16 K. V.4. N«w £» 40
Canada Pacific.... «50i,i N. Y. busqdt W... 9Vi
Canada Southern.. 501/2 Preferred, 2i*Z
Canton iJknd &V% 0ntari0. ;......., . I 4 '
Central facino.... 15^j Ontario & WMtara, 1&
1. !.e«. A 0hi0....... 17 ; Oregon Improvmi. 1
Chicago Alton... 154 Preferreu., . _ .
. Preferred 170 ■■■ Oregon Navicatloib 17
Chicago, B. & «.... - »0% Oregon bhon Liaa. 71,1.
Chicago E. 111... 41 Pacific Mm •j li : < *
Preferred ....... 100 i'coria. D.& Evana, ' 2V«
Chicago «m., ...... TOY« Plttsburg W pfd. 16
fleve<t Pittsbnrg.lUO Pullman Palac*.. .loOl4
Consolidation Coat. 31 I yolck silver-.. :..;_. lif
Consolidated Gas.. 102 Preferred...... — 15 7*7 *
L. CC. «tSt. L0ui»,;348/g'8eaainjt......;,.... .Jail
Preferred. »i RioGrande AWeata 18
Cola Fuel 4 iron.. :0i,2 Preferred.. :....„ 43 .
Preferred......... 100 Rock lslana 7ha
Cotton Oil Cert.... 14 • BomeWat<3tOgd«all4i4
Commercial Cable. 1 58 bl. L. &U. v» j "
Del. Hud50n. ...... 127 Preterrwd... ,...„ 1 1 <*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 6, 1896.
Del. Lack* Western! Oi.i. Paul ; 78s/ a
Denverdcß. l3s/ ' Preferred.. .i2hu/
Preferred.. ....... 49 bt. Paul A Dulnta. 23
Dlatlilars m 18»/i Preferred... 85
General Klectrlo... 86V4 6t. Paul & Omaha. 44
£rle — i 4V 3 Preferred 122
Preferred <<BVfc *>t. P.M. & M......112
Fort Wayne.. .....160 bilver Certmcates.. 68Vs
Great Northern pro. 1 1 a bout hern Paclao... 1 9 V 3V 3
Green Uoy.... v, i-oumern ii- R...^. 9V.
Harlem 296 . Preferrea......... 3ly 4
Hocking Coal 2'i »Kar Rerinery....l2*3/a
Hocking Valley... 17 1 Preferred. 103
Homestake „ 3d :Tenn. Coal A Iron. -'9V4
H. Texas Cenu.. 2% Preferrml 100
lDlnoU Central.... 97 Texas Pacific 8"A
lowa Central 9v 8 Tol.A.A.<£ N.Micn.—
Preferreo.. ...... 36 ■} 01. & Ohio Can-.. S3
Kansas <& Texas.— Hs/ 8 ' Preferreo......... 73
Preferred.. 27y 4 10l Jit .Louis *X.a 6V4
Kingston & Pern... 8 1 Preferred ....10
Lake Erie &W«ua -in • Union Paciflo 8%
Preferred......... 71%' t' IV Den. & Unit. a«.i
Lace tenor* 1495/, I.a Corda<v~^~ 4%
National Lead».... 26iA Preferred „■ 10
Preferred. _ 91 , Guaranteed... 20
Long Island 60 B. R. Express...— 41
Louisville & Nasa. 61%' U. 8. Leather... 9
lx>uisvlU«NaACo. BVj,| Preferred. - 6.H14
Preferred 21 D.B.Buober - 23Vi
Manhattan Consoi. Preferred. H(i
Mempnia<fc Chart*. 15 Ullca&B. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 1 1 •| \\ ab. aL. & Pao.. 7
Michigan Central., 9o Preferred - 18Vi
WJnndEa.L — . Wells-Fam. 97
Preferred.. __ Western Union... b5Vj
Minn. & St. i-com. 19 Wls Central ~ 2 J >%
Ist preferred TH. .. Wheeling .cL.11.. lll'g
2d preferred.... M 52 Preferred. 35Va
Missouri Paclttc.. a7<* Am Cotton OH pfCL 69
Mobile* Ohio 21 tV V Beet 7%
Nashville Chaw.... 68 Ann Arbor 9Vi
National Unseed.. 17^ Preferred 26y»
N.J. Central i « , Brooklyn Traction. 23%
North American... 6%;
CLOSING BONDS.
Uf<4s.reK 109 iMKT2ds. 6914
Do, 4s coupon... 110 Do, 4s. 86%
C P 4s new reg..... 11734 Mutual Union 6*.. .114
Do, 4s coupon... 117-viN J Cent Gen ..119
£0. 2» 941.., Northern Pao Ist*, 117
Do, 65..... lU'<^ 1 Do, 2<U 114%
Do. 6b c0nn0n....ll I_'r..1 _'r.. Do. 80s 73yi
Cherokee 4s. 189b. 100 Northwest ConsoU. 139
D 0.189- 100 I Dcoeb Si.. 107%
Do. 1898- 100 OR AN lsu 1101^
lio, 3899 100 BiL&lronMtQenO* 79
Pacific 6« of '96....— St L& SF Gen 6s. 11 a
D. C. 3-6 6s 109V4 Ft Paul Consols ...130
Ala Class A 4. 106 !tuP.C. <£ Pa lsu. 117%
Do. Class 84, 6s. 10 ■; I Do. Pac Cal •«•.. 1 10
LaConsoi4s. 971,4 Southern R. R. 61. 93%
Missouri f undine..— > Texas Pacific firsts 89
X Carolina con 65.. 124 Texas Pac second*, v-ia.i
•Do, 4a 104 L'nlonPao lstof9B.lOsya
So Carolina 4^9.^106 West Bhore 4a 105
lennnewss 8. ' Mobile A Ohio 4a.. 86%
> a funding deo«... 61 1(l Grande W eat Imb 76
fo. Reg Che«<t O 6a 109%
*>o. deferred 6a... 6 A ten I son 4a 79%
Do. trust rents st 6 Do. 2ds A..- 251/4
Canada Booth 2as.. 104 Vi oH&8 A 6«.. 105
C»n Pac Istaot '96 101 y2y 2 Do. 2d 7s. . .. 100
Den &R G Ist 110 h & Tex C«nt*6a.. 109
**>- .«» Do. con 6a 100%
Krle2d».. 661.4 Readlnf 4a ....... 80
*ansaa Pa Consols 76y 2 Mtß»ourl b5. ...... lo«
*«^»1»U Dendivlll
fiiKKK.V MARKETS.
WHKAT IS LIVKRPiK)U
LIVEKPOOL, Kno., May 6.— The spot market
Is quiet at 5s 60~@5s 6d. Cargoes dull at 27s 3d,
on passage, sellers.
FCTDRSS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following;
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
6s 3V4d; June, 5s 3i£<l; July, 6s 33, id; August, 5s
4d; >eptember, 6s 4i/ 4 d.
BECUBITIKS.
LONDON, Esq.. May 8.-ConsoU, 111 MB:
silver 3iy 8 d: French Rentes, 103t
EXCHAN6K AND BILLION.
Sterling Exchange, 80 days — 94 88^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8914
Sterling Cables 94 89% 490
New York Exchange, sight — 07Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. V ounce — 68^4
Mexican Dollars 6354 64
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet at last weed's
rates. The chartered wheat fleet In port has a
registered tonnage of 27,000, against 50,400 tons
on the same date last year. Disengaged, 68,200
tons, against 6744: on the way to this port, 188.
-470 tons, against 265,300.
WHEAT— Futures were rather firmer, In sym
pathy with Chicago, but spot prices were not af
fected. Trade continues dull, with slender offerings.
No. 1, 91 07Vi@l 0M8 /4 fi ctl; cuolce, 91 10: lower
grades, $1<»1 Oti^i: extra choice for milling, 91 16
@1 BSft, ■
CALL BOARD WALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— soo
tons, 91 06: 100, 91 05%.
Regular Mornins session— December— soo
tons, 91 05%. Seller ' 96, new, storage paid -100,
91 02%.
afternoon Session — December — 300 tons,
91 05s, 8 .
BARLEY— Is qniet. Offerings are rather more
liberal. Feed, 71Vi@7S8Ac; choice, 76@7«i4c;
Brewing, 80@87%c. •»->».
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning SESSION'— No Sales.
Afternoon Session — December— loo tons.
74 Vie. -;.,.
OATS— Dealers quote the market dull. Milling,
76^8^yjc %i ctl; fancy Feed, 82V&@87*Ac: good
to choice. 75@80c; common to fair, 67<*!@72>A:
Gray. 72Va@80c; Surprise. 90e(<$91 ft ctl.
CORN— Business has been dull for some time
and shows no 6lgns of improvement. - Prices are
unchanged. Large Yellow quotable at 883i(£90c
? ctl; Small Round do, 97y a c@91; White, »7%@
90c jrt ctl.
RYE— lnactive and nominal at 76i,4@785,ic V
cti.
BUCKWHEAT-Dull at 85@90c1» CO.
FLOOR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Quotations show no change. Net cash
prices are: Family extras, S3 75@3 85 "£ bbl:
Bakers' extras, *B 55@i 65; superfine, »2 78@3.
CORN MEAL, ETC.-Feed Corn, »20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 $ ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces in 10-tb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: (Iraham Flour
2%c; Rye Flour. 3y 4 c: Rice Flour. 7Vic: Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3 Vic; Oatmeal,
3!«4c; Oat Groats, 4^c; Hominy, 4@4U,c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3'Ac; F»r!na,
*Vie; Whole Wheat Flour, Sc; Rolled Oats, 4i/,c-
Pearl Barley, «i£c: Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
6 Vi^ If* tti.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-$15@16 60 f» ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@IB $ ton for lower grades
and 918 Co@l9 50 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, 918@17Vton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 920 V. ton; jobbing 921*
Cottonseed Oilcake, 21 ft ion.
HAY— The lower grades are qnoted weak and
choice descriptions are not at all steady. Wheat,
$»@ll 60 %4 ton; Oat. $7@9 ton: Wheat and
Oat, $8@11; Barley, f7@9; Alfalfa. «7@9; (.lover,
$B@7 60: Compressed Oat, 96 50(a8: Compressed
Wheat, »7@lo 60; Stock, $6<»7 « ton.
STRAW— BO@SOc $ bale,
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— market continues very dull, with
slight changes In quotations. Bayos are quotable
at 90c@91 ft ctl; Small Whites, 91 26@1 40 ft
ctl: Pea, 91 25@91 46: i.arge Whites. 91<$1 16:
Plnjt,tfs@9sc; Keds,9l 26; Blaclceye. «1 40®! 66;
Red Kidney, 91 60(g,l 65; Llmas, 92 75(g)2 85-
Butters, 91 40@l UO tor small and 91 26@1 60 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at 91 60
@2 26 ft ctl; Trieste. -92@2 50 ft cti; Yel
low Mustard. 91 4001 60; Flax, 91703180; Ca
nary, 2%c « ft,; Alfalfa, 7V4@9Vic ft lb; Bape,
2%c ft ib; Hemp, 3y a c *t Ib. ■
DRIED PEAS— DuII and nominal at 91 25@1 40
ft ctl for NUes and 91 25<$1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— OId are higher and Tery firm de
spite heavy arrivals. New Potatoes are In , mod
erate receipt and steady at 76c@$l ft ctl:
River Burbanks, 40@.50c; Oregon Bnrbanks, 65
@75c; Oregon Garnet CbUes, 76®85c: Early Rose.
Bs@i6c; Petaluma and Tomales, 60@65c '$ ctl;
Hum boldt Burbanka. 65@70c 9 cU. ■
ONlONS— California, fl 76@2. New Onions,
lower at $1 f» ctl.
. VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were e63 boxes As
paragus, 176 boxes Rhubarb and 480 sacks Peas.
Green Peas and string Beans are blither and in
lighter supply. Asparagus is lower. Tomatoes are
dull and plentiful. > . :
Mushrooms are quotable *at - 10@15c ft' lb:
Summer Squash, 10c ft It.; Egg Plant, $ tb;
Los Angeles Tomatoes,' fl@l 25 i* , box: Mexi
can Tomatoes, $1 25@1 60 V box: Cucumbers, 7so
(g>sl ~$ dozen; Asparagus, f 1 25@2 %i box for ordi
nary and $2 '_'5(52 76 for extra: Rhubarb, 25<<u75c;
Dried Peppers, 7@9c: Green Peppers, 12V*@15e;
Green Peas, f 1 36<c1l 60 ¥ itaclc for common and
2.%(&3c ft a, for Sweet; String Beans, 6@Bc ft tt>;
Horse Beans, 35@60c sack: Dried Okra. l'-'Vac;
new Cabbage, 60c ft ctl; Garlic, 4V»i'^sc ft lb.
BIITTEK, CB£ES£ AND BOOS.
BUTTER— The situation la unchanged.
Ciikaukky — Fancy, 14c; ■ seconds. 13@13y s c
Dairy— Fancy, 12V 2 @13 / ?: good to choice, 12c;
lower grades, 11@1 1 %c. •
' Eahtkkn — Nominal.
CHEESE— Is weak and plentiful at the decline.
Fancy mild new, 7iaj7Vic: common to good, H\/ a a;
Cream Cheddar,. 10@llc lb: Young America, 8
@9c %* ft: Western. lO@llc: Eastern. V2(g, 13 Vic
EGGS— The market continues depressed at the
decline. • Good Eastern are put on cold storage and
only lower grades are quoted. stocks of home
Eggs are liberal. Oregon Eggs, Ii yy 3 (n, 12c; Eastern
Ekss, 11@12c; Store Eggs, llVs^l^c: ranch Kgrs,
13-.a»i:<Va^, with sales at 14c; Duck Kggs, li^l&c
'fi dozen. . ■ »,- "-. -
POULTRY AND game.: .
POULTRY— A car .of . Eastern is announced for
to-day. Young Poultry is t declining, '■ otherwise
there is nothing new. Live Turkeys quotable at IS
@16c V n> for Gobblers, 14(g)l&< V tt for Hens:
ueese, ft pair. fl 2ft©l 7ft:- Goslings, fl fiO@
2; Ducks, 4(^.5 "$ .dozen, for old and 95«$
7 $ dozen for young: Hens, $4($0; Roosters,
young, %$ hl)(sS %* dor: do, old, $i(g,i 60; Fryers,
?tiiats 50; Broilers. ?S@s 0 for large and $°2@4
for small; Pigeons, -8) 60@l 75 for yonnc and
»1 &O(cs)l 7& for old. ,
GAME— Dare arc lower and dull at 50@75c;
. ■ *
Rabbits, 91 26 for Cottontails and 91@1 26 ft aoz
for small.
bECIDDOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Growers are asking B@loc fl tt> for Royal Anne
Cherries, deliverable later on, but the canners
refuse to pay these fancy figures. The canners say
they are offered Apricots at 930 ft ton in round
lots.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apple* «re nominal at
91 25ff13 ft box. Arrivals of Cherries were 421
boxes, selling at 6»@Ssc for White, 60@75c for
Red and 90c@9l f» box for Black.
BERRIES— The first Cnrrants of the season are
In from 8. Rogers, San Leandro, selling at 91 50 ft
box. The first Cnrrants in 1895-94-8S sold at $1
ft box. Receipts of Strawberries were 334 chests,
selling at 97@10 ft chest for Longworths and 94
@6 for large berries.
Gooseberries. 30@35c ft drawer and 3c ft Ib In
sacks.
No Raspberries arrived.
GRAPES— Vinevardists In several northern dis
tricts report 930 'bid for Wine Grapes, with no
sellers. It is safe to say that the damage by the
frosts is fully as severe as represented, and but few
vine3'ards have escaped altogether.
CITRUS FRUITS— The market Is quiet but
prices are steady, oranges. 9K«*"- ft dox for Seed
lings, 9'-'@4 for Navels, 91 75@2 75 for Malta
Bloods and 91 60@2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 76c@91 60 for common and 92@2 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $5 60; Bananas,
91@2 ft bunch; Pineapples, ?3@6 t* dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
The Eastern markets generally show more tone,
but prices are no better. The local market con
tinues neglected and depressed.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, l^@2c ft Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4>/tc for evaporated ;
Peaches, 2&4@4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6^®
8c for prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10@llc ft
lb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 2Vfec lor an
pressed: White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c ft
lb for evaporated halves, 3Va@6c ft Q> for quarters;
Prunes, 3@3t/io: Plums, »V%O ft lb for pitted and
l%f#2c for unpitted; Nectarines, 3y a ®6c ft tb for,
prime to choice and Si^ic for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Kvaporated Apples, 4@4^ic
ft Ib; sun-dried. iV2&2c- Peaches, H@4c and s(g,ttc
forfancy; peeled In boxes, Il(<8l2^c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, s@6Vfec for 4O(#6O's and 4^(asc
for 50{@60's; Apr.cots «V> d9c for prime to choi ce
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3V«c:
White Figs, 3@sc; Pears. 8c ft lb for evapor
ated halves and 4@71.2c for quarters; Plums,
3Vi@4c for pitted and iffiPic for unpitted; Nec
tarines, iulbe ft lb for primi* to choice.'
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose. 3»4c ft lb: 3-crown. loose, 2V<|C: 2
crown. 2c; seeniens Sultanas, HVfc<to3 3 /ic: needless
Muscatels, 2V2@'-' 3 /ic; three-crown London layers,
70c ft box: clusters. 91 35<ail 50: Dehesa clusters.
92 10@2 25; Imperial clusters. 92 60@2 75; Dried
Grapes, ft Ib.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3 Vie: 3
crown, 2%®3c; 2-crown, 2i4@2i£c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c *S!b; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 76@90c: clusters, 91 50(31 75:
Dehesa clusters, 92 60; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9®llc ft lb
for No. 1 hard and 11(31 3c ft Ib for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, 6®7 I zc ft Ib for Languedoc
and BVa@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5^
@7c for Eastern and 4V2@5 Vie for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 6®6c; Pecans, tic for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts. B@9c: P.razll Nutu. 9@loc ft
lb; Cocoanuts, 94 50@5 ft 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12cft Ib for
bright and Hfs9c ft Ib for lower prades; water
white extracted, 6@5V a <- ft Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4ViS43ic: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX-26(§>27V2C ft lb.
PROVISIONS.
Trade Is dull. Changes in barreled Beef and Pork
and California Lard will be noted.
CUBED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ? Ib for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c %» to for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c ft tt> for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cared Hams, .ll%c; California Hams, 10c ft lb;
Mess Beef, 97 60@8; extra mess do, 98 M)@9; fam
ily do, S10: extra prime Pork. 98 60&9; extra
clear, fll'p bbl: mess, 912 'f, bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c * lh.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 61,4 c?! lb
for compound and 6»/ic for pure: pails, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, BV4C lor compound and 1.14 c for
Dure; half-bbls, 6Vi@6V^c; 10- Ib tins, 7Vic; do 6-ib,
7%c lb.
COTTOLENE— 6%c In tierces and 7%c V tti in
10-tt.tlns. _
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— DuII. No further change
In prices. Heavy salted steers are quotable at
6V2@7c $ Ib; culls and brands, 6Va@6c *$ Ci;
medium. sWg,t>c ft Ib; culls and brands, 4ij
f6c: light, 6c; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5c
& lb; culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 4c %) Ib:
salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 9
f&lOc; culls and brands. c: dry Kip and Veal,
7(Sjßc; chub, 6@6e; dry Calf. 16c; culls, 10c; Goat
skins, 20(«35c each; Kids, Be: Deerskins, good
summer,2s(s3oc; medium, ls@26c; winter, 9@loc;
sheepskins, shearlings, 10@l 5c each; short wool,
20@S5ceach; medium, 40(g>.'<0c each; lone wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about V>c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 3V4@if\4c; No. 2, 3c:
refined. 6V<j@s s Ac; Grease, 2V4e %* tt>.
WOOL— Trie market continue* at a standstill.
We quote Spring Nevada. ti@9c f* lb; San Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c %* Ib;
ban Joaqoiu, foothill, good to choice, *<(3,hc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4 i/^GVbc.
HOPS— The market continues dead at nominal
quotations of 2@4c ft &>•
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 94 10®
4 16; June-July delivery, 91 30@4 25; San Quen
tln, 94 20: Wool Bags, 24%@26Viic.
COAL— Bryant and Pennsylvania Anthracite are
tower. Wellington, 98 ft ton; New Wellington,
98 ft ton; Soutntleld Wellington, 97 50 ft ton;
Seattle. Ssfa,s 60; Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, 94 50;
WalUend, 86 50; Scotch, 97 50: Brymbo 97 60:
Cumberland, 913 60 in bulk and $15 in. ska;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 911; Welsh An
thracite Egg, — ; Cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. 97 60; Coke,
910 60 In bulk and 912 60 ft ton in sacks.
CANNED FRUlT— There is an ample supply of
Peaches for all legitimate wants. Pears and Cher
ries are fairly sold out, but as the last named crop
Is now nearly ready for gathering and there is lit
tle trade for the former from now until the new
crop matures, these two varieties cut little figure.
Apricots are quotable atsl@l 05 ft dor; Peaches,
91 10<ai SO; Pears, 91 26@>1 35 ft dozen: Plums,
90c<$»'l.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 80c ft
i •own. 21,3-th tins: Peas. 91@1 25 ft dozen.
«'<>FKKr.— Quotations are as follows: - ,
Cohta Rica— 1 8% @20 Victor good to prime: 17%
@1 8 Vie for good mixed with black beans; 16Vi©
7'- ■<■ num. for fair; 13@16c for common to ordi
nary. . •
Salvadob— l7V&@lßV4c for fair to good washed;
19V2<#'-'Oc for good washed peaberrv: 17@17V<iCfor
superior unwashed: 163,4@16%c for good green
unwashed; 19c for good unwashed ueaberrv. ',
Guatemala and Mexican— 2o@2li4c ft tb for
prime to strictly prime washed: 18%®19i£c for
good to strictly good washed; 17J .B',*i: for fair
washed; lß@l7c for medium; 14®~i&\' a c for ordi
nary; 12@14c for inferior to common: 20<520%c
for good to prime washed peaberry; 19c tor good
unwashed peaberry. ■
FlSH— Puclilc Cod, catch of 1895: 100-!b cases
Quotable at 6c ft Ib: 50-&> bundles, 5c ft B>: Silver
King strips, 8c VI lb; Narrow-Gauge do. 7c ft Ib;
Tablets, 8c ft lb: SeabrUjht Blocks 7i^c; I'acitic
Herring. 18c « box; Dutch do, 9l@l 25 ft keg;
White Fish, $1 60 In half-bbls and 9 1 76 In kits:
Tongues and Sounds, 914; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
930; No. 2, 926; No. 3. *24; half-bbls— No. 1,
*12 60: No. 2, 911; No. 3, 910; kits, No. 1, 92;
No. 2, 91 60; No. 3, 91 50.
QUICKSILVER-Quoted for export at 936@SS
ft flask. .
OlL— California Castor OH, cases, No. 1, 95c;
bbls. 90c ft gal (manufacturers' rates): Linseed
Oil In bbls, boiled, 48c: do raw, 46c: cases. 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter-strained, bbls. 61c; ;
No. 1. 61c; cases 5c higher; China Nut, 39(547c ft
gal.
PETROLEUM — Elaine is quotable at 240 ft
cal; Eocene, 21c ft gal; Headlight, 176*. cases,
'Jl'-.»c; star. 19c; extra Star, In cases. 23c;
Astral, 19c ft gal; Pearl, 19c; Standard, 110 s tire
test, 17V2C ft gal la cases, 18c faucets and 13'-jc
In bulk; Water-white, reflued, in bulk, 14V<c; Min
eral Seal, bulk. 19c; wood bbls, 21i/j,c: cases. 24c
ft gal; Mineral Sperm, bulk, 20c; wood bbls,
22V»c: cases. 25c «t gal. ■
GASOLINE AND BENZINE— B6* Gasoline In
bulk 20c: case-, 25c; Deodorized Move Gasoline,
bulk, 14 Vic; cases, 20c; 63" Deodorized, Hear
fine. bulk,l43Ac: cases, 19^c. '
WB LEAD— Quoted at ft Ib. ..
RED LEAD— Quotable at 6%C ft lb. ,
TUUPENTINK-47C ft gaL
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 6s, 16 02, are
quotable at 4 c; do, 14 oz, bVic; do, 12 oz, 7%c;
do, 10 oz, 7c; Electric Light Caudles, 6s, 16 oz,
8c: do, 14 oz. 714 c: do 12 oz, 6V2C; do, 10 oz, 6V«|C;
Pa afline Wax Candles, white, Is, 2s. 4s, 6s ami
12b, 14 oz, 9c: assorted colors, same sizes. 10c.
LEATHER— L). dull, as - usual. Extra heavy
Sole. 26@28c; heavy Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c
for No. i; medium So'e, 24@26c for No. 1 and
22c ft lb for No. 2: Light bole, 23@24c for No.
1, and2o@2.!cfl lb for No. 2; Harness, heavy, 80®
35c; do, medium, 28c: do, light, 24@25c; Rough
Leather, 18320 c; Kips, 940@45 if doz; Calf,
70(6i90c: Rough Splits, 4@sc. - . y.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, t«rms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered !
and Fine Crushed, all 6*Ac: Dry Granulated, sf/»c;
Confectloneis' A, 5-Vc; Magnolia A, sVic; Extra
C, 61/8 C; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, V4C more
than barrels, and boxes Vie more. -tfi ■.'illiii 1 tin
M BYRUP-Golden, In bbls, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
ft gal. ■ . ....--■:;•
SAN FRANCISCO ; MEAT MARKET.
: Hogs are again quoted lower.' Beef, Mutton and
Lnmb are unchanged. Wholesale rates for dressed
stock from slaughterers are as follows: ' ' : ,
BEEF— First quality, 6@sV*c; second do, 4%<a
4S/ic: third do, 3H@4c J>> tb. * --' • ;.-. r
VEAL— Large, 6<g)tJc: small, 6©7 eft Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, ■ 6@6%c; Ewes. : 4i£@sc
ft Ib.
LAMB-Sprlng Lamb. 6@6Vic ft lb. '
PORK— Live Hogs, 3@^V*c ft Ib for large and
31/2® 3*}{je (or small and medium: dressed do, 4^j
(&•">:■'*<■ t lb. --
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES. ETC.
Posts, 9@loc earh: Redwood, 95 ft cord ; Oak,
rough, 96 50; peeled, 99: Pine, 95 76; Railroad
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 46®50c
TANBARK-914 ft cord.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough. 913®
917 50 for the different lengths: No. 2, 911; No. 1
Flooring, 921@26; Lath, 92: Redwood, 916 for
No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Rustic, 9lß®23; Shingles,
common, 91 60; Shakes, 99 ft M.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
nocr. or. ska -7.714 Middling*, 5m..... 45
Oregon 7.862; Hay. tons. 240
Wheat, etls 68,257: 8 utter, ctls 420
Bartay. ct1a. ...... Cheese, ctls. R3
Oats. ctls. 785 Eggs, dos 12,060
Oregon 540|Hl<J*s. no 202
Beans, ska. 680H'elta. odls.. ....>.. 240
Rye, ctls. 40") Wool, bis 396
Potato**, sks .. 2,037 Oregon 39
Oregon 7,956 Leather. roUs...— 33
Onion*, alu 618iWine, gals 80,200
Oregon 2221 Lime, bbls m 120
Br»n, ana. 1,095 Tallow, ells 5
Oregon 2,500 Hops, bis 23
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James Flood (executor estate of Jeremiah Demp
sey) to Malina C. Dresser, lot on NW corner of
I-aguna street and Birch avenue, N. 70 by W 110;
98&00.
Clark A. Bletben to Mary A. Sherwood, undi
vided quarter of lot on NE corner of California
and Buchanan streets, E 137:6 by N 137:6: 910.
_ Andrew B. McCreery to Daniel R. McNeil, lot on
W line -of Baker street, 37:6 N of McAllister, N
50 by W 96:10^,; 94100.
 Same to William E. Pollock, lot on S line of
Golden Gate avenue, 150 E of Lyon, E 26 by S
137:6; 91675. .
L. B. and Louise Hetty to John J. Vollmer, lot
on line of Lott street, 60 of Grove, S 25 by E
H. and Llllle H. Wamholz to John C. Hughes,
lot on H line of Golden Gate avenue, 60 W of Wil
lard street, W 25 by S 100; 910.
Thomas J. and E. W. W. Davidson and Mary J.
Dempsey. to James Davidson, lot on W line of
Treat avenue, 246 8 of Twenty-second street, S 45
by W 122 910 ;
» John and Edla Anderson to John Fllmer, lot on
N line of Jersey street, 200 W of Noe, W 25 by N
114: 910. • ■
Heleue Strybring and Adolph Hochsteln (adi
mlnlstrators of the estate of C. H. Strybrinir) to
Isldor Schwartz, lot on W line of Montgomery
street. 103:1^4 N of 'butter, N 34:4% by W 60;
98«5,600.
Same to Henry W. Hyman, lot on W line of
Kearny street, 112:6 Nof Sutter, 25 by W 60:5;
952,000. .
sara Patejc to Teresa Heron, lot on E line of
Larkin street, 112:6 N of Pine, N 25 by E 87:6;
910.
Timothy Sullivan and John Driscoll (executors
of the estate of Cornelius Driscoll) to Walter
Dnnphy, lot on SE line of Everett street, 125 N E
of Fourth, SE 80 by NE 50, executors' deed;
96000. .
Jeremiah Driscoll to same, same, quitclaim
deed; 91. •
Carl and Charles Kopp to Louise Kopp, lot on
SK line of Minna street, 382:6 SW of Fifth, SW
40 by SE 70 910.
City and County of San Francisco to Charles L.
Übhoff. lot on W line of Kansas street. 200 s of
Twenty-flfth (Yolo), S 223, W 26, N 183, W 75, N
100, E 100: 9—.
801 and Dora Get* to Catherine McDermott, lot
on E line of Seventeenth avenue, 28:11 N of Clem
ent, N 25 by E 120; 910.
Henry Sylvester to Charles M. Howe, lot on NE
corner of L street and Forty-fifth avenue, E 57 :6 by
N 100; also lot on 8 line of J street, 32:tt W of Six
teenth avenue, W 25 by 8100; also lot onW line of
Sixteenth avenue, 150 8 of H street, 525 by W
120; also lot on W line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 200
S of J street, 8 25 by W 110; 910.
A. C. and Regina 'Weber to William Byrnes, lot
on N line of Powell avenue, 150 E of Mission street
as it existed May 8. 1885, E 25, N 100, W 20, S
10, W 6, S 90, Preclta Valley lots 352 and 353; 910.
ALAKEDA COL' N TV.
Jeanne E. Caxalls to Flora Jones, lot on E line of
Telegraph avenue, 60 feot 8 of Prospect, S 50 by E
125, being portion of property in Oakland Home
stead Association, Oakland; 95.
A. 8. Wright to H. L. and Annie Goodwin, re
record of 284 d 81, on 8 line of Elm street, 40 feet
Eof Valley, E 36 by s 113, block 12, Pacific Home
stead, Oakland: 91400.
A. J. and Nancy Smtthson to Gilbert L. Curtlss,
(re-record of 691 d. 201) lot on » line of Thirty
fifth street. 316 \V of Urove. W 33:4 by S 120:3,
block D, map of property of Central Land Com
pany, Oakland, subject to a mortgage for 92200:
also lot on 8 line of Thlrtv-flfth street, 882:8 W of
Orove, W 33:4 by S 120:3, block B, same, quit
claim deed; 910.
C H. and Bnsan S. McGeorge to Ella K. Mer
shon, lot 6. block B, Latham Terrace, Brooklyn
Township, subject to a mortgage for 92700; 910.
Fran* P.|and Amelia M. Topping, to Harriet M.
Topping lot on SE line of I enth avenue, 75 sw of
Sixteenth street, SW 75 by 8E 100, block 68, Clin
ton, East Oakland; 95.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Flora
Jones, lot 14 In plat 36, Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland Township; 989.
Caroline E. Dwinelle to Fanny J. Chipman, lot
on W line of Bay street, 83.4 S of Railroad avenue,
S 66:8 by W 100. Alameda; (iift.
Fanny J. Chipman to J. A. Remmel, same, Ala
meda, 910.
Elizabeth Mlnturu and Ann Nichols to Elisa
beth Sherman, lot on N line of Addison street, 160
E of Grant, ESO by N 138, being lot 3, range 3,
Hardy Tract, Berkeley; gift.
Eliza H. Scotchler to Otto A. Craemer, lot on W
line of Ellis street, 76:3 8 of Mason, S 76:3 by W
120. being lot 87, block 8, Regent-street Home
stead Association, Berkeley: 910.
J. J. Hcrivner to J. 11. T. Watkln«on, lot on SW
corner of Tenth and West streets, W 80 by S 33:4,
block 111, Oakland, subject to a mortgage for
93500; $5.
Peter and Sarah M. Thomson to Johanna M.
Driscoll, lot commencing at a point 100 N of
I)u runt street ami 160 W of W line of Webster, N
60 by W 20. Oakland ; 95.
P. F. and Hilda M. G. Roberts to Howard J. Hill,
lot on N Jlne of A street, 108 W of Louise, W _'5
by N 100, being subdivision E of lot 12, block 792,
Watts Tract Map 2, Oaklnnd; 910.
Howard J. Hill to Bertha L. Lueneburg, same:
*10.
■George Christensen to James Gartland, lot 9 and
11 feet 10 inches of lot 10, map of subdivision of
block 23, North Alameda Tract, East Oakland;
910.
J. A. end Sarah T. Carleton to William P. Todd,
lot on south line of Wallace avenue or Forty-fifth
street, 640:16 Eof Salem. E6O. S 146:15, W 50:20,
N 150:66 to beginning of lot 20, Copgcshall Tract,
subject to a mortgage for 9300, Oakland Township;
J. West and Jane Foote Martin to Flora F. Far
ley, lot on northwest corner of Chnnning way and
Choate street. W 50 by N 130, lot 48, blo'cic 2,
Beaver Tract, Berkeley: 910.
Francis B. and James D. Cavan to Loren E.
Hunt, lot on N line of Ridge road (Daley avenue),
60 W of Bonte avenue. \V 50 by N 140, lot 16,
block 19, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley; 910.
James and Oelia Gartland to Ueorge Cblstensen,
lot 2, map of the Buter Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: 910.
John J. and Eda Johnson to Henry A. Gerrish,
lot on W line of Bcnton street, 100 8 of Railroad
avenue, 850 by W 150, lots 13 and 14, block 26,
Fitch Homestead Tract, Alameda; 910.
Half the counties of England claim the
house of the tragedy of the "Mistletoe
Bough," but the village of owle3bury,
near Winchester, boasts the possession of
the fatal cheat itself.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1896.
Su. Mo. Tu.
3 4 6
10 11 12
17 18 19
24 26 26
31
W.
6
13
Th.
' .
7
; |
14
Kr. I Sa.
1 2
Last Quarter.
TTr May *:
16 77 O NCW M M ar?b.
Moon's Phases.
|
20
27
21
28
22 23 /-ViFlrst Quarter
May 19.
29 30 —
fiS\ Full Moon.
May 26.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer |
From
| x>wk
Crescent City. ..
Coos Bay...
Corona .....
Monowal „
Mackinaw
C1e0ne.....
J»ojnona».r;.....
North F0rK.....
Knreca .■..,..».:
Del N0ne. ......
UtateoiCal.....
Umatllla...
Hanoi;..:
Weeou...
BUttKOML.....
Arnco
Progressist
Fb ration
StPaai...
China;....
City of Sydney.
Empire....:....'
Crescent cur-
Mexico
San Diego..
Sydney ......'•
1 aroma
Crescent City
tlumboiat 8ar..........
Humboldt Bay
Newport ; ...
Grays HarDor
Portland
Victoria A Fueet Souno
Grays Harbor ...........
Eel River
Han Ciecco..
Coos Bar
Departure Bay...
Yamiina Bay _
Newport. ..'..„
China and Japan
Panama............
Portland .........:..:...
..May 6
..May 6
..May 7
..May 7
..May 7
..May 7
..May »
..May 8
..May 9
..May 9
. May 10
..May 10
..May 10
..May 10
..May 11
..May 11
..May 11
..May 13
..May 13
..MaylS
..May 13
..Mar 14
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. 8. Coast aj»d cirodktio Sttrvkt Tidsi
BDI.LItTIX PCBIISHSD IT OFFICIAL V
Afthokity of thk supkbintksdkst. )
Wednesday May &
Sunrises 5.06 Moon rises.. 1.59 am
Sunsets 7.07 Moon sets....'.'.".
Msy— lß96.
I
*
Time
L W
H \V
Feet
I> W
Time
H W
Fe«t
6i a.OO 2.8 7.24
7 1 2.46 2.0 8.3 i
81 S.lB 1.6 9.28
9 5.49 1.2 10.20
0 4.21 0.7 11.08
1 4.65 0.3 11.57
■2! 6,'^fl —0.2 12.45
4.3 1.201
4.1 U. 04
4.0 3.40
4.0 3.10
3.9 8.44
3.7 4.14
3.5 4.47
0.4 8 241 4.5
0.8 8.51 i 4.7
1.0 9.15 4.7
1.3 9.35 4.9
16 9.58 6.1
I.X 10.32 5.3
2.1 10.60 6 5
iJriV-^ n I th * above exposlUon ■of the titles th«
JKU-Iy mornln» tides are given in the left hand
aoiamti, ana the successive tides of the day In th«
2^?nX.« ccnrr ? nce as to time. f The second time
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rtzhl
band column gives the last tide of the , day. except
££nr. *F. D ™ ; three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United (States < Coast Surrey
h.fJh?" cx 5 e 1 t whMI * mln «" sKi (-) precedes the
»» .L °, thM th " nMl >« given is mibtractive
from the depth given br the chart* " -■.-.■;.-•■
UTDROGRAFUIC BULLETIN. '
. BKAJiCH HTDBOBEAPHIC OrFics. XT. 8. N.i\- ■"
iSßfig!Merchants' KICHAN-Bt V
• • San Francisco. May 5. 1891 V > >
The time,bait on Telegrapa lim,was dropped
*x^S?f' " noon to-dar—l. «-. at nooa of the 120 th
meridian, ox exactly at Be. m.. Greenwich tiina. -
. . j, • : .':.'. . . . A. F. Fkchtslsh,
' Lieutenant U. S. ST., In charge.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STIiAMKB | DKBTINATIOV. j
SAIL 3.
| PIEB.
Weeou jKel Kiver May 6. Pier IS
A Blacchanl 1 Oregon ports.. May 6. spm' Pier 13 .
«•. Paul Newport May 7. Bam Pier II
jranMiou.... \aauina Bay.. May 7, 9am Pier 2
Columbia... Portland ...... May 8,10 am! Pier 24
Colon Panama...... May 8.12 iIjPMSS
Corona. ... fan Dieeo..... May 9,11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall* Vlc&PßtSnd May 9. Bam Pier 9-
Pomona Humboldtßay May 9. aPM|Pler9
Coos 8ay.... I Mexico.: MaylO.lOAM! Pier 11
Eur«*a ..... Newoort ...... i May 11. oam Pier 11
Del iSorte .. Grays HarDor. Mayll.s PM|
Anuro .. Coos ilar May 12. 10a v | Pier 19
Doric.*..* ChinaAJapan. | May 12, 3pm PM S S
tuttKou.. pan Dleco | Mayl3.llAM I Pier It.
Stateof Cai ! Portland ...... iMay 13.10 am! Pier at
5nn01. ....... Grava HarDor. ' Mayl3. l'-'M Pier '2
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, May 6.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 67i/fe nours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse. to
Goodall. Perkins <fe Co.
Stmr Homer, Drisko. 47 hours from Coos Bay.
pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels <fc Bros Co.
Stmr St Paul, Leiand, 74 nours from San Pedro
ana way ports: pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins
&Co.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, 6 days from
Portland, via Coos Bay 68 hours; pass and mdse,
to Nor;h Pacific Steamship Co.
Stmr Queen, Green, 57 hours from Portland,
via Astoria 47 hours: pass and mdse, to Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 13 hours from
Greenwood; rr ties and lumber, to L E White
Lumber Co.
Bark Albert, Griffiths, 16% days from Hono
lulu; pass and sugar, to Williams, Dlmond <fe Co.
Bktn W H Dimond, Nilsou. 16 days from M aliu
kona: pass and sugar, to J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
BKtn J M Griffith. Arey. 12 days from Port Had
lock; 750 M ft lumber, 80 M laths, 6000 pickets, to
W J Adams.
Brig W O Irwin, Smith. 16 days from Honolulu;
8888 bags sugar, to J D Spreckels * Bros Co.
scbr Viking, Luttrell, 69 days from Kusaie; pass
and mdse, to the J F Cunningham Co.
Schr Ralph J Long, Jansen. 14 hours from Fort
Ross: 150 cords baric, to Beadle A Co.
Schr Bobolink, Nelson, 24 hours from Mendo
cino: 195 M ft lumber, to Mendocino Lumber Co.
Schr Okanogan, Moore, 11 days from Port Gam
ble; lumber, to Pope & Talbou
Cleared.
TUESDAY. May 6.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and Yo
kohama; P M S S Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins <fc Co.
stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
ACo.
Brship Inchcape Rock, Wilson, Callao; W ft
Grace * Co.
Br ship Ardnamurchan, Crosby, Queenstown ;
EDplnger & Co.
Bark Wllna. Slater, Possiet and Vladivostock;
Roth, Blum & Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, May 6.
Stmr Gipsy. Leiand, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and Yo
kohama.
Stmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Dfego.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Uuaymaa.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croaoup, Tacoma.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Schr Halcyon, Miilin. Port Blakeley.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, Coqullle
River.
Charter*.
The schr J G North loads mdse for Honolpu;
bark Gen Falrchlld, coal at Nanaimo for this port;
ship John C Potter, coal at Seattle for this port;
Nor bark Marsrethe. lumber at Tacoma for the
United Kingdom or Continent, 655: Brship Prin
cipality, wheat at Portland for Europe: scbr Spo
kane, lumber at Port Gamble for Honoluln; Br
ship Yarkand, lumber at Port Blakeley for Cal
cutta, owners' account.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 5-10 p. K.-Weathar
hazy: wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
Spoken.
The ship Glory of the Seas at Nanaimo reports
passing the stmr Polar Bear April 28 In Lat 45 N,
long 129 W.
March 28— No lat, long 85 W, Dutch ship Neder
land from Uergenti for nan ranclsco.
Apr 14— No lat, long 23 W, Br bark Lota from
Antwerp for Tacoma.
Apr 14— Lat 8 s, long 31 W, Br ship Glendoon,
from Swansea for San Francisco.
DonieHtic Porta.
EUREKA— Arrived May 4— Stmr Farallon. frm
Yaquina Bay.
Sailed May 4— Schr J G Wall and stmr Farallon,
for ban Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 4— Schr Occidental,
for Kureka.
TATOOSH— Passed May s— ttr bark Earl of Dun
more, from Melbourne, for Puget Sound; stmr City
of Everett, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDING— SaiIed May s— Schr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY-ttoiled May 4-Schr Falcon
for Ban Francisco, and not schr Beulah as pre
viously reported.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May s— Sch Marlon
hence Apr 2«S; schr J M Weatherwax, from San
Pedro.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 5— Btmr State of Cali
fornia, hence May 3: Brbark Fernbank.from Port
Los Angeles; Br ship Australia, from Liverpool.
COOS BAY— Arrived May s— Schr Vega, from
San Diego.
Sailed May s— Schr Daisy Rowe, for San Fran
cisco: stmr E-npire, for Portland.
PORT HARFORD, May s— :-chr Mary Gilbert
arrived here bound from San Fernando for San
Francisco Wind bound.
Sailed May s— Schr Gen Banning, for New What
com.
Uovementn of Trana- Atlantic Steatnert.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 5-Stmr Rhynd
land, from Philadelphia, and proceeded to Liver
pool.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 6— Stmr Clrcassia,
from Glasgow and Movllle.
Sailed May 6— Stmr Spree, for Bremen.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out May 5-Stmr Fulda,
and proceeded to Genoa.
LlZAßD— Passed May s— Stmr Switzerland, fm
Philadelphia for Antwerp; stmr Stuttgart, from
New York, for Bremen.
Foreign Ports.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived May 3— Stmr Ex
celsior, hence Apr 29.
LEllH— Arrived May 4— Br bark Inverurle, hnc
Dec 1 5.
HONGKONG— SaiIed May 3— Stmr Peru, for San
Francisco.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Apr 1 3— Br ship Afghanistan,
for San Francisco.
NANAl..lO— Sailed May 4— Stmr City of Everett
for San Francisco.
Importations.
Per st Paul— 3 sks chill peDPers, 8
pkgs mdse, '£ hf- bbls wine, 162 bxs oranges, 1*26
bxs lemons.
Los Angeles via East San Pedro — 3 bxs limes.
Los Angeles via San Pedro— 2 bdls horns, 6 bales
ruus. 50 cs honey, 23 pkgs mdse.
San Pedro— 7 pkgs mdse. 1783 sks corn, 310 sks
barley.
East San Pedro— s cs canned fish.
Hueneme— s pki;s mdse.
Ventura— loß pkgs mdse, 1 cs tinfoil, 3 cs eggs,
6 bis seaweed. 2 bxs oranges, 181 bxs lemons. 6
bxs buuer, 500 sks beans.
Santa Barbara -152 sks abalone shells. 1 pkg
mdse, 15 bxs lemons, 19 bxs oranpres. 13 sks craw
fish.
Gavlota— l keg fish, 41 sks wool. 3 bxs butter, 4
bdls pelts. '-' pkgs hides, 7 sks crawfish.
Port Harfonl— sl pkgs mdse, 3 kegs 30 bxs but
ter, 27 cs eegs, 18 lif-sks wool, 4 dressed calves, 1
bx fish.
Cayucos— 2 tubs 80^ bxs butter, 3 csche^e, 1
bx crocKery, 1 pkg mdse. 16 dressed calves, Vi bbl
tallow. 1 bdl dry hides, 1 bx ash.
SanSlmeon— 6 tubs 7iy 2 bxs batter, 1 coop
chickens, 3 dressed calves.
Monterey— 2 pkgs mdse, 4 bxs butter, 2 cs
Cheese.
COOS BAY— Per Homer— 2Bo tons coal, 89 tubs
4 dxs butter, 1 keg butter, 30 pkgs mdse, 3 sks
coin, 2 pkers express.
VK'TORIA-Per Walla Walla-2 sks coin.
Tacoma— l cs boots, 1 cs spool silk, 807 bdls
green hides, 2 bds wire screens, 1 9 csks coffee, 2
cs coffee, 47 sks bones, 17 pcs household goods.
Tacoma west of Fargo— l bx statio cry, 2 bxs
rollers, 272 sks oats, 1180 hf-sks flour, 1857 sks
flaxseed.
Everett— 4oo bars bullion, 212 rolls paper, 10 cs
26^ bdls paper.
New Whatcom-165 bdls broom handles, 1 cs
clothing, 24 bdls shingles,
Fafrhaven— 4o36 sks oats.
Roche Harbor— 2ooo bbls lime.
Vancouver via Ct» Ry— l2 bxd pianos, Ics
stationery, }0 cs hosiery, 8 cs blankets, 1 bdl
denims, a cs flannels, 1 cs towels, 1 cs tick, 3cs
calico, 3 cs cheviots. 5 cs knitwear, 2B cs dry
goods, 13 cs underwear, 1 cs elastic, 1 cs cutlery,
1 cs para-o'.s. 1 cs shirts, 8 cs netting, 1 cs blndin'g,
5 bales leather, 6 bxs sugar. 16 cs wax paper, 209
bbls 50 hf-bbls klucose, 40 kegs glucose.
Vancouver— l chest tools.
Foreign freight-16 cs rya. 60 bbls rye, 19 cs
brandy. 4 qr-csks brandy, 150 cs wine, 60 hf-cs
gin, 2 cs whisky, 10 cs champagne, 3 puncheons
rum. 20 cs bitters, 1 cs books.
Seattle— l cs furnishing goods. 1 bx hardware. 8
pkgs household goods, 5 bxs fresh halibut, 4 bxs
smoked halibut, 3 ts dry goods, 2 bals rubber hose
1^ sks coffee, 6 sks rags. 1 horse, 3 cs hats. 28 M ft
flooring, 2 bxs tramtoroiers. 10 sks nuts, 2 pkgs
suspenders, 29 sks bones, 226 cs canned salmon, 7
bbls sugar, 1 skiff. 1 row boat, 1 bx telegraph in
struments, 1 crt furniture. 4 bbls salmon, 2 hf
bbls salmon, 154 sait hides, 2 bbls brass, 1 sewing
machine, 2 hf-bbls herring, 3 Kits salmon bellies,
15 bxs smoked ti.ih, HOtf tons coal.
Seattle via O R Ry-20 dxs army trans, 1 cs
gloves. 1 sewing machine.
Alaskan Points -400 bbls oil, 121 Iron tanks oil,
23 brlls deerskins. 200 sks guano, 1 pkg gold bul
lion, 1 pKg sliver bullion. 2 okgs clothing, 1 bx
sample ore.
Port Townsend— l pkg hardware, 1 bx cheese,
1 sk coin.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Queen— lo74
pkga paper, 6H04 sks flour. »9 sks wool, 2500 sks
beans. 7657 sks potatoes, 102 green hides, 200 bars
steel rails. 600 sks oats. 60 sks junk. 55 bales ex
celsior, 222 ska onious, 470 sks bone meal, 80 sk3
thin bone, 102 pkgs rubber goods, 205 sks oysters,
1668 odls shocks.
PORTLAND— Per Alice Blanchard— 9* pkgs
mdse, 95,424 ft lumber, 746 bdls latha 239 sks
bone meal, 37 cs eggs, 8 sks bark, 163 sks wheat,
644 ska oats 668 sks potatoes, 35 sks bones. 62
bdls hides.
Coos Bay— 36 eds matchwood, 3 cs blankets 5
bales flannels, 2 pkgs mdse.
Coimigneea.
Per Homer— J D Spreckels A Bros Co; D Rnndel;
Hills Bros: C E Whitney A Co; Wells, Fargo A Co:
McDonough A Runyon: Marshall, Teggart A Co;
Coghill A Kohn: Enterprise Brewery.
Per Alice Blanchard— Bandon Woolen-mills: J F
Ulrlch; W B Sumner A Co: NOhlaudtACo; Pac
Woodenware aud c Co: Humboldt Lumber and
Mill Co; McDonough/A Runyon: Allen A Lewis;
M Levy A Co; H Dutard: Moore, Fercuson A Co;
Thomas Lougnran; Lachxnan A Jacob! ; Golden
Gate Lumber Co; Pacific Bone and Coal Co; Chaa
Jacobson: Pacific Paving Co: b A Jones.
Per Queen— Willamette Pulp and Pappr Com
pany. Allen & Lewis: George Morrow & Co; J p
Thomas: George E Sheldon: F Hlllens A Co-
Moore, Ferguson & Co: M P Detels & Co; <j j
Leist & Co: N Ohlent ACo; W F Crosbv & to
Sutton A Beebe, 8 H Frank & Co; Hulse, Brad
ford A Co: E R Stevens A Co: J C Nepparh, \v o
Price A Co: M Levy A Co; Murray A Steinhagcn*
W B Larzelere A Co; J H Cain A Co; }[ u \l
Fruit G Union, Gouid A Jardlne, Erlanger 4
(ialinger, John F English A Co; Wolf A s On . n-
Dutard; L Jaggar: McDonoush <te Runyon; I) a i lOn
Brothers; N O LaDdt <fe Co; Bowers Rubber to; iM
E Wagner; Fogerty <fc Parker; A S Smith; >i" B
Moraghan & Co; Darbee A Inmel, The .Morgan
Oyster Company; Catsop Mill Company.
Per Walla Walla— A L Bryan Shoe Com
pany: Brown A Metzen: BissiDger & Co;
Dunham, Carrigan A Hayden; Folger &
Co; Pacific Bone, Coal and Fertilizing
Company: A Decker, M, W Coon; DAppeton-
James Maeuire Mfg Co; E E Everett A Co; cj
Leist A Co: H A Higgins ACo; GXV oward-
Adams Bros: H Dutard: Buel, Lambenon, S.auf
fer A Co: Selby Smeltine and Lead Co; \\ q
Richardson A Co: W Avery A Co; Hamson &
Dunoti: Phil Hirshfield: Pioneer RollPaperCo-
L Feldman A Co; Fanning A Frank: Holnrookj
Merrill & Stetson; Beiilngham Bay Improvement
Co: Wells, Fnruo A to; J « Adams; H T Holmes
Lime Co; Kohler A Chase: Levi, Strauss A Co;
Murphy, Grant A Co: Webster A Co; Farns
wortli A RuKgles; Blake, Moflitt & Towne;
A Annoda; Louis Saroni A Co; McQuesten
A Co; Alaska Commercial Company; R t>
Bwatweß; A J Prag-tIA sons; A J Peterson?
American Union Fish Co; Bauer Bros A Co; <u>i
ton Woven Hose und Rubber Co; C F Wright: t;
G Cornborn; Chas Harley&Co: CFarren: < • .
eral Electric Co; F Chevalier A Co; Goiden Gaie
Lumber Co; Levy Bros: Murphy, Grant A Co; [\v
clfic Bone and Fertilizing Co; J X Armsby A Co;
R G Hill: R T Englebrecht: Sunset Telephone
and Telegraph Co: WA J Sloane A Co. ; William
Wolf A Co; W B Sumner A Co; W T Garratt; X J
Robinson A Co: JM Hollows; William Mcßean
ACo: MN Newmnrk: Oregon Improvement Co;
Wells, Fargo A Co; Farnsworth A Co: J N Con
ner: HALBlock: Singer Mfc Co; Kittle A Co;
Sawyer Tanning Co; Newport Wharf and Lumber
Co; YatesACo; Bank of California: Hoffman &
Alexander: Max Greenberg; F A Robbins; Dli
Jolnes; Kowalsky A Co; S Foster A Co.
I'er St. Paul — American Press Association;
Cahn, Nlchelsburg A Co; Newmark A Edwards;
Gerberdlng A Co: L T Snow; Austin A Co; U
CarpyACo; Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson; Abra
bamson; H & B; J L Hobart: Wetmore Bros;
Allen A Lewis: Gordan A Co: Curtis A Co; S H
F.merson A Co; American Biscuit Company:
Dairymans' Union: H Dutard; Ii C Boeder; J H
A Folker: A Paladin! A Co: American Union Fish
Company; Milam A Co; G 1 amaloni A Co;
Chrtstv A Wise: Wheaton, Breon A Co; I Strauss;
Morton Special Delivery: C E Whitney A Co;
Kowalsky A Co: Hill Bros A Co: H N Tilden;
Sweeney A Co: Pnelan A Fish: California Bot
tling Company; Hulme A Hart; Hilber B ASchulz;
J P Thomas: H Heckmau A Co; Witzel A Baker;
Boas, Sanders A Co; Jl Kirscnman A Co; J M
Moore; Marshall. Tazgart A Co; S Brunswick » o;
Western Meat Co; Gets Bros; C B Smith A Co;
Smith's Cash Store; Chas Montgomery A Co; D De
Bernardi A Oo; Ross A Hewlett; S Brake; Brig
ham, lloppe A Co: A Wyss; Herman Waldeck; J
E Denlnore; J Hoffman: f Uri A Co; L D Stone;
L Frankl: Standard Oil Co; W H Lond; C R Ham
ilton; Herman Joost; Wm Mitchell; Eveleth &
Nash; S Kiaggi A Co; Gray A Barberi; Campodon
ico A Malcolm: Gould A Jardin; J U Cain A Co;
Minaktr A Willbanks: Bennett A Murray; A Gon
zal'-s: Sunset SAP Co; Tillman A Bendal; Baker
A Hamilton: Garan A M C Tetzen; M B Mihran;
Rosenberg Bros; Willamette I'nln A Paper Co.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP compact
CUT_RATES
VICTORIA, B. C and
PUGET SOUND.
Pirat Class 60.00
Second Class. ..^5-00
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PEBKINs"& CO..
General Agents.
ASTORIA ANIPORTLANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Etate of California sails May 3 and 1|
Columbia 5ai15........... May 8 and II
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 A. m.
6OODAX-U PERKINS A 00, Omul. Sopt* - ,
■ V. i'.X-ONJNOK, General A?ent, ...
' ' ■ -■• • 630 Market str—
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A-a
O Broadway wharf, Ban Francisco, aa j£&a£
follows: . 7 '"■
» For Mary i? I , andlljOrln| WrangeU Juneau. KU-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., May 14,
•J9, lun- a, 13, .8, uh.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
Rend Seattle/ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. if.
ay *• 9 « 14 « li) * '-'■*. - 9 - and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wits
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Port Townaend wltS
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., .May 1 5. 9,
13. 17. 21. 25 - 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cru», Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, SanS
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Ma,
thereafter "' 19> 23> W< 31 and eVery fou " ***
/ For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo«
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. if.. May 1. 5. H. 13, 17, 21, a 5. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. M., May 5: str. Coos Bay. 10 a. M., May 10.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street*
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Oenl Agents.
. 10 Market at. San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GESERAL TIUISiTLAITIQUB
French. Line to Havre.
POMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 .NORTH jf^en
\J lUver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by fi3wfjg
this line avoid both transit oy English railway alTi
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pari^
first-Class second-class, $110.
LA BRETAGNE.Capt.Rupe
......May 10, 4a.sc
LA TOURAIXK, Capt. SanteUl - .
LA NORM AND*IE,'Capt." Deloncie.,.*f..?*'- *" *
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle
•■ May 30, a.m.
LA BOURGOO.NE, Capt. Leb >enf
-•■• Tune 6, 7 a. st
MEf For further particulars apply to •
„ _ _ A. FORGET, Agent,
, ™ O rn *?°; 8 Bowl ing Green, New Yortc.
J. P. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. .
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, |L*v HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 'I " v
AUSTRALIA. XL*? S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day, May 23, at 10 a. m. Special piny rates.
8. S. M'NOWAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May '28,
Line to COOLGARDIE,Aust.. and CAPETOWN,
8. Afr. J. D SPRECKELS & BKOS. CO., Agts., .
114 Montgomery a.
Freight Office. 527 Market st- San Francisco.
WHiTE JSTAR LINE.
United States and Royal Hall Steamers
j BETWEK-V '
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
! SAILING EVEKV .WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- js«n%
\J ing to steamer and accommodations mSHSm
selected; second cabin. $36 and 1*40; Maje«i,ic oud
I Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
I land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway «nd Denmark
1 through to .san Francisco at lowest rates. • Tickets,
Balling dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at th*
General office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER,
General Agent lor Pacillc Coast.
! EOYAI MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE A3PINWALI, AML
fortnightly for the West Indies and «a££9 •
Southampton, calling en , route at Oerbourgh,
! France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
' Through bills of lading, in connection wjta th«
Pacific Mall 8. S. Co., Issued for freight and trea*.
i ■re to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. ■ First class, $195; thirf
H — *B7 MX for further particulars appiy to
VABROTT <fc CO., Agents.
306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St_
At 5 I*. ile Xiuilv
Steamer from i^ach End "Sundays
as- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMERS; »
T. C. Walker, jr. t> p...,.
Mary Garratt, City of Itoc'itoia,
: Telephone Main 806. Cai. > a y. and Impt. cS*
fALLEJO, MARE ISLAID; *BEHCIA, POET
. COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STB. MONTICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— a. m.
;•: and 4p.it : Saturdaj-, lu-.SO a. i., **«
Sunday— B p. it .... ■ .* -.
, Hf. v. only. . -. •, . .■.-■-.■.-•-•■ •-:.'•.'-■;
1-anUlng, Mission 1, Pi«r 4.ANXIOUS FOR A
WEALTHY WIDOW,
A Priest Said to Have
Stopped a Berkeley-
Marriage.
MANY REASONS GIVEN.
The Groom Told a Remarkable
Story to an Oakland
Lawyer.
OFFERED MONEY FOR A WIFE.
Difference of Religion Not the Only
Explanation That Is
Offered.
Oakland Office Sas Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 5. j
There was to have bean a marriage in
Berkeley last night, but it did not take
place, and there are several reasons given
why the knot was not tied.
According to the story told by an Oak
land attorney, the would-be groom, Henry
Bentley, is a confirmed seeker after
wealthy widows, and has met with much
success in the past.
"About a year ago," said the attorney,
"I was eating in a San Francisco restaur
ant and Bentley spoke to me. After learn
ing that I was from Oakland, he said that
he, too, lived over here and would like to
marry some elderly lady. He said that
he had once married an elderly widow in
the northern part of the State and had
inherited from her a fortune of many
thousands of dollars. He told me his
graduated scale of values. 'If the widow
only had $15,000 she must not be over 30
years of age; if she has $100,000 1 don't
care how old she is.'
"Becoming interested in the man, I
continued the conversation, and men
tioned that I had some relatives in Peta
luma. He then said that he would give
any lady friend of mine some splendid
diamonds if she would introduce him to
an aged widow and a marriaee should fol
low. He finally left with me his postoffice
address, and for a few weeks I induced
some of my lady friends tc write to him,
and they had considerable fun, as he
always laid particular stress on the money
proposition. If he was to lend his name
to old age he wanted recompense for it.
The man went off and I did not see him
again till yesterday.
"He came into the County Clerk's office
while I was there and took out a marriage
license. I was considerably interested to
know who the lady was, and I was in
formed that she was a wealthy widow. I
know no more about him."
Mrs. H. Townsend, the lady whom
Bentley wishes to wed, is a resident of
Beric#Jey and a widow with m^ans. In
fact, she is thought to be moderately
wealthy. The wedding was to have taken
p'.ace last night, but there was a hitch.
Mrs. Town send was asked to-day why
the ceremony did not take place. "Well,
it was partly because of a difference of
religion," she said. "lam a Catholic and
Mr. Bentley is a Protestant and Key.
Father Philips of St. Joseph's Chuich
refused to marry us. We expect to get
married soon, however, and it is nobody's
bupineas what we do or how we do it."
The marriage has been kept a profound
secret and even Mrs. Townsend's neigh
bors bad not beard of it till they learned
that a license had been issued.
A MISUNDERSTANDING.
It Caused Some TVell-Known Citizens
to Co Off on a Tangent.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 5. — Mayor
Davie, James McManus. brother of the
'King," and John Ailman had a very inter
esting argument over the A. P. A. ques
tion last night in Kent's ?aloon on
Twelfth street. There was a wide differ
ence of opinion on the subject.
According to McManus' version Ailman
came up behind him and without warning
struck him a blow in the face, knocking
him to the floor. He was up and at All
man, but friends separated them for the
time. But the insult had to be avenged,
and shortly after on the street McManus
attacked Ailman and used him ud badly.
The capitalist was linally rescued by
friends and taken to a drugstore for atten
tion.
The Mayor beat a hasty retreat at the
nrst alarm and viewed the fracas from the
shelter of a store across the street. To-day
he denied Knowing anything of the affair.
New Exchange Directors.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 5. -The annual
election of the Merchants' Exchange was
held to-day. The polls closed at 10 o'clock
and the following twenty-two names re
ceived tbe srreates-. number of votes and
were declared elected: George W \rper
H. A. Bowen, D. C. Brown, R. J." B«>yer[
John A. Britton. J. L. Chaniplin. Hi D
Cnshing, F. M. Farwell. George L. Fisd
Herman Gard, Tlipo Gier, Frank C. Howe
C. W. Hunt, WaKer Meese, vV. I Reed'
Fred Sinclair, J. F. W. Sohst, H. tun!
Suden. W. V. Witcher, J. 8. Wixon.
George T. Burtchaell, H. C. Coward and
A. H. Rott tied for the twenty-second di
rector and the remainder will decide the
tie.
Truman Allen's Funeral.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— The funeral
of CoJonel Truman Allen was held from
lii« late residence in Fruitvaie at 2 o'clock
Monday afternoon, and was attended by
members of tie G. A. R., of the Oakland
Lodge No. 2of the A. O. U. W. and of the
State Militia. The pall bearers wore
chosen from the above three orders. The
interment wa^ at Mountain View ceme
tery and a 6.ihite was tired over his grave.
Schmidt's B&d Kwy.
OAKLAND, Cai.., May s.— Abraham
Schmidt, the father of Louis Schmidt,
wants his boy sent to tba reform school.
The lad is about 18. but is deformed and
has become unmanageable. Recently he
threatened to shoot his father. He has
been given considerable notoriety by
claiming to have perjured himself at the
inquest of little May Quiil who was killed
at Berkeley in Deesmber. He has borne
a very hard reputation in this city for
year?.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alainetla County Happening* Told in
15 r Iff <onitpters;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,*
!>OB Broadway, May 5. :J .
It is reported. that a big syndicate isbeintr
organized In Oakland to enter the under
taking business.
Jnmcs Nelson had his hand mashed at the
coal-bunker on Franklin street to-day by a
lump of coal fulling upon it.
Tlio ' Grand Jury was in session to-day i con
tinuing: the ' investigation of the charges
against Auditor. M. A. Whidden.
Julia PascboM has been granted a decree of
divorce from (J. Pashold on a cross-complaint,
with $50 counsel fees and )JS7 a week alimony.
The remains of the tramp killed nt First and
Main streets by the Alameda loc»l train last
night were identified this morning as those of
Tom" Williams.
Rose Hartwlck Thorpe, author of "Curfew
Must Not Kinc To-night," and E. Carson
inorpe, humorist, will give au authors' re
cital Thursday evening.
The letral time for filing protests to the open
ing of Seventeenth street to the water front
nas now expirert, and the proceedings have not
met with any opposition.
Saturday morning the First Hebrew congre
gation will hold memorial services in memory
of the late Baron Hirsch. Rabbi Friedlander
Will deliver an address on the life of the Jew
ish philanthropist.
A petition for the distribution of the estate
of the late Supervisor J. C. Plunlcett has been
filed. The estate has been appraised at f 20.000,
and consists of the homestead in East Oakland
and 160 acres in Fresno County.
The annual meeting of the Oakland Society
for the Prevention oi Cruelty to Animals is to
be held to-morrow evening at 7:30 o'clock at
the office, 309 and 310 Central Bank building,
when a board of directors will be elected.
The Supreme Council of the Portuguese
Union has applied to be allowed to pay a bene
ficiary certificate in the sum of $1200 on An
tonio J. Alves, deceased, into court, and let
the claimants there settle their separate in
terests.
The Rural Mining Company has been incor
porated with a capital stock of $200,000, ot
whinh $500 has been subscribed by Frank
Ench, Manuel Page, George E. de Golia D. C.
de Golitt and George Chase, who are the board
of directors.
Waldo Wakeman Curtis, the lad who disap
peared from his Frulivale home a year ago. is
on his way back to Oakland. His parents have
received a letter from him, written from El
Paso, stating that he is alive and well and will
be home in a few days.
Rev. Campbell Coyle and C. A. Bailey start
East Friday evening to represent the First
Presbyterian Church at the Uenerai Assembly,
which meets in Saratoga this month. Mr. Bai
ley is to be accompanied by his wife and
daughter, and expects to be gone about six
weeks.
M. J. Laymance, chairman of the Democratic
County Central Committee, has issued a call
for a meeting Saturday, May 16, at 8 P.m., at
Judge Clifi's office, at which time the date for
election of thirty-hve delegates to the Demo
cratic State Convention to be held in Sacra
mento June 16 will be set.
KANT AND HIS THEORIES
Dr. John Watson's Lecture on
the Great Philoso
pher.
Second of the Series of Addresses Be
fore the Philosophical Union
at Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., May s.— Dr. John
Watson pave the second of his series of
five lectures before the Philosophical
Union of the State University this even
ing at the new First Presbyterian Church.
The lecture was practically a continuation
of the discourse commenced last evening.
The subject for to-night, as Dr. Watson
announced it. was, "Critical philosophy
and absolute ideaiism, a discussion of the
main features of the philosophy of Kant
in its relation to the subsequent develop
ment of philosophical thought."
•'One characteristic of Kant," said he,
"is that he takeß the negative siae in which
he adheres to agnosticism. The doctrine
of space of time which Kant treats is
bound up with the phenomena of tbe ag
nostic. All objects that present themselves
under the form of space and time are
phenomenal. Kant, like his predecessors,
stated with confidence that the work of
nature is under an independent law. On
the other hand, it seemed to him to say
that man is only a part of nature is only
to deny freedom, and therefore morality,
and to say that there is no knowledge is to
deny the existence of God and to destroy
the foundation of religion. Lietmitz es
caped from the necessity of nature by re
ducing the world of experience to confused
conscience. All real existence was in his
view self-determined. It waa the view oi
Liebnitz that no real existence acts on an
other.
"When tbe action of one is due to tbe
action of the other the fact is that there is
the greatest of harmony between them.
Kant does not deny tnat there la a world
01 self-action, but ne does deny that you
cannot bring those beings in it within the
world of experience. The first form of the
problem of knowledge which is presented
by Kant is not to sliow that we do have
knowledge, but to express how we can
have knowledge, not merely of particular
facts, but knowledge of the laws of nature.
Kant maintains that space and time must
be carefully distinguished from subject*
in space and time. Therefore space and
time are necessary conditions of our per
ception. Space and time are not concep
tions but perceptions. Kemove the con
sciousness of externality and no other con
sciousness is possible.
"A second doctrine of Kant is of value
in drawing a process of knowledge and of
differentiation, which are relative to an
ideal unity. The process of knowledge is
one of differentiating and distinguishing.
Kant's doctrine implies that the process
of development of objects is not tbe ulti
mate determination."
The speaker went on to compare his
vi"ws with those of Kant and of Lieb
nitz wherein he agreed with them and
wherein he disagreed. His discourse was
of an hour and a half's duration.
To-morrow evening he will speak at
Btiles Hall, taking for his topic "A De
fense of Intellectual Idealism." On
Thursday evening the same topic will be
continued at the same hall. At these
lecturet he will reply to criticisms which
have been made on his work of "Compte,
Mill and Spencer," which work the union
has been reaaing for the past year.
WILL BE CLOSED.
The Vandercook Electric l.lne Ordered
to Abandon the Eighth-Street
Bridge.
OAKLAND, Cal., May The refusal of
the Mayor to sanction more than a dollar
tax levy is now being felt in more ways
than one. The lack of funds to rebuild
the Eighth-street bridge over the estuary
has caused the Council to pass the follow
ing:
Whereas. The Eighth-street bridge is in a dan
gerous condition for travel, and it is necessary
to repair the same,
Theretore, the Superintendent of Streets is
hereby authorized to close up that portion of
said bridge not occupied by the street railroad
track at each end of said bridge, and to p st a
notice thereon warning nil "persons against
i going upon itaid b idge;.
And further to notify the receiver or said
street railway to close up the portion ol said
bridge occupied by said street railway tracks.
If the order is carried out it will prevent
he Vandercook electric roud from coming
down to town, and thus keep them from
doing any business. The bridge is safe as
far as the cars are concerned, but the
planking is so worn as to be unsafe for
teams. .
MARTINELLI RELEASED.
Was Bailed Out With Money Deposited
by His Father Tears
Ago.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— Eugene Mar
tinelli. the hunchback groom who is under
arrest for perjury, has been released on
$500 cash bond advanced by his attorney
Alexander Campbell.
The bail money was secured in a some
what peculiar manner. The father of
MarUnelii, now deceased, in 1872 depos
ited in an Oakland bank $52. No notice
was taken of the deposit until a few days
aco, when a banic clerk notiried Mr.
Campbell of the deposit, which had grown
to over $500. The attorney drew the
money and secured the release of his
client, whom he has known since child
hood. Th« young man has many friends.
He stands well in the community, and as
the charge of perjury is merely technical,
it i« deemed almost certain that he will be
acquitted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
BROWNSON WILL
SUCCEED MORSE,
Election of a President for
the California Baptist
College.
WESTERN MAN CALLED.
Has B°en for Nine Years at
McMinnville College in
Oregon.
PRESIDENT MORSE RESIGNS.
The Retiring Head of the Faculty
Has Completed Ten Years of
Service.
Oakland Ofeice San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 5. j
The trustees of California College at
Highland Park. East Oakland, have se
lected Rev. T. G. Brownson, A.M., presi
dent of McMinnville College at McMinn
ville, Or., as a successor to Rev. 8. B.
Morse, D.D., president of the Baptist in
stitution in this city.
The board met this afternoon at Y. M.
C. A. Hall and considered college matters
for three hour?.
President Morse, who retires June 30,
after ten years' service In building up the
college, presented his resignation some
three months ago, and since that time the
board has been looking for a successor.
There were numerous names presented to
them of men from many parts of the coun
try by their admirers, who believed their
man would be just the one for the posi
tion. Up to this morning, however, the
committee had not agreed upon a report.
When they met to-day and compared
notes it was not long before the sentiment
for a Western man showed itself, and then
the choice fell upon Rev. Mr. Brownson,
who was considered as being the most repre
sentative man of the denomination avail
able. The report when presented to the
board meeting was indorsed unanimously.
Rev. Mr. Brownson will be notified to
morrow by telegraph and if he accepts tbe
position it is expected he will be here for
commencement, May 21.
Rev. Mr. Brownson is a very tall man of
large frame and is about 45 years of age.
He was educated at Colgate University in
New York and took the degree of bachelor
of divinity at the Chicago University when
it was Morgan Park Theological Semi
nary. He came West in 1883 as pastor of
the" First Baptist Church of Albany, Or.,
where he remained four years. At that
time McMinnville College needed a presi
dent and he was selected as the most avail
able man for the position.
From the start he showed himself the
man for the place, and for nine years he
has conducted that school. He has trav
eled up and down the coast extensively
during that time and is known to many
throughout this State. He has no family
except a wife, who is quite a scholar her
self. She also has been offered a place in
the faculty of the college. She is a teacher
of considerable ability and will be a val
uable addition to the school.
At Rev. Mr. Brownson's graduation be
was chosen as the prize essayist of his
class. Recently h« won a prize by writing
the best essay on the subject "Christian
Education," that had been offered by the
National baptist Educational Society.
As Rev. Mr. Brownson was a willing
candidate there is said to be no doubt
about his acceptance.
ABE NOT GOING EAST,
Berkeley's Athletes Have Not
Funds Enough for the
Trip.
The Poor Showing Made Does Not
Justify Further SchemiDg in
the Matter.
BERKELEY, Cal., May s.— The ques
tion as to whether the University of Cali
fornia track athletic team will go East
this summer seems to be weighing in the
balance. It has been practically decided,
however, that the entire team will not go,
both on account of the lack of funds and
on account of the fact that the athletes
have not made as favorable a showing as
was anticipated at the opening of the
season.
Four or five men may yet be sent to con-,
test at the Mott-Haven and in the Western
intercollegiate games at Chicago.
Torrey, the hurdler, has finally decided
not to go should the team leave, because of
certain summer work collecting biological
specimen* which he has been required to
do by the department iii which he is an
assistant.
Are All Wanting Money.
BERKELEY, May fi.— Empty purses and
anxious butchers and grocers are plentiful
in Berkeley again owine to the tardiness
of the Governor in sending the monthly
salary vouchers to the university em
ployes.
The salaries of the Berkeley professors
come a week or so late about every so
often. The checks are supposed to ar
rive from Sacramento on the rim day of
each month, and are to be had immedi
ately upon being countersigned by Secre- i
tary Bonte.
But they are late again, as they were I
three months ago, and the grave instruct
ors are wondering what is the matter this
time.
"We will be without shoe leather and
without bread," said one of the riding in
structor* this afternoon, "if we don't get
our money pretty soon. I had to stand
my landlady off yesterday, and here to
day again I had to tell the tailor to wait a
few oays longer for his money. It isn't
the most fun in the world to stand these
people off all the time.
"They want th-ir money at the end of
the month, especially if they are doing
business on a small scale. If you tell
them that j r our salary voucher has not
come they think you are running a long
distance jolly on them.'
Jimmie, the janitor, was heard to retort,
upon laving been asked iiis opinion about
the salary question: "Oh, I guess Jim
Budd has been off to some of these South
ern California tiower shows or something
of the kind and is late about his work.
He oughter know by this time that we
ain't made o' money down here, and that
we notice it when our pay comes Ja c."
In all 170 State University employes re
ceive their salaries through Secretary'
Bonte each month, the total amount ag
gregating $18,000. The salaries range all
the way from $45 a month, paid to the
lowest-salarieJ janitor, to that of Presi
dent Kellogg, which is $666 66 3-3, or $8000
a year.
Stanford Dissatisfied.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 5.— A good deal
of discussion has been aroused in college
circles) recently by an editorial which has
been published in the Stanford University
daily in regard to the recent intercollegiate
•iebate. The editorial referred to intimates
that a fair discussion was not rendered.
The editorial referred to has been pasted
on one of the university bulletin boardß
within sight of all the students. Follow
ing is the main paragraph:
That adage which makes laughter akin to
tears received confirmation Saturday, when
following the track victory Sianiord was given
an advene decision in the intercollegiate de
bate. There is no cause whatever for com
plaint in regard to our men. They made a
hhowiug we may all feel riroud of and haa the
decision been rendered fairly on weight of
argument and facts advanced, Stanford would
have been the victor. It must not be forgotten,
however, that the language used, the appear
ance and grace oi the speakers and evidently
the method of parting the hair, have much
weight with many decisions. In the latter
requisites we must admit that Berkeley had
the advantage. Her trio was strong and'made
their points clearly; their arguments were
specious and plausible, ours were substantial
and logical.
Reunion of Alumni.
BERKELEY, Cal., May s.— The tradi
tional and time-honored custom among
the great institutions of learning in the
land, and a custom which was once in
vogue at Berkeley,|that of setting aside
one day in the year during commence
ment week, will be renewed this year at
the State University. For a time, during
the early period of the existence of the
State institution, the custom was observed,
but, owing to tbe scattered condition of
the alumni and the consequent difficulty
of getting a great number together on that
occasion, the system gradually died out.
Now that Berkeley has 1000 alumni, a
large number of whom are living in the
towns about the bay and in comparative
accessibility to the grounds, the plan of
having an annual celebration among the
graduates will be given a new lease of life.
President Morrison, Secretary Hengstler
and the board of directors are doing all
in their power to make the renewal of the
custom a grand success. The reunion will
take place on commencement day, May 13,
at Berkeley.
High School Debaters,
BERKELEY. Cal., May s.— The Berke
ley Hith School debating forum has elect
ed new officers for the coming twomonlha,
as follows: President, Kennedy; vice
president. Hunter; secretary, Bell; treas
urer, White; sergeant-at arms, liamlin.
Preliminary debates are beine held to
determine who will represent the forum
on graduation day. Among the candidates
are Messrs. Parker, Kierulff, Dickerson,
Parks, Miss Henley, Miss Dewing, Miss
Dobbins, Miss Henan, Miss Mansfield and
Miss Thompson.
A CHILDREN'S DAY.
The Electric Line to Laundry Farm
Wants to Celebrate Its
Opening.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May s.— The Board of
Education held its regular meeting this
evening.
The superintendent reported that he
had appointed Miss Josephine Chapman
as substitute of Miss Florence Hamilton,
teacher of English in the High School.
J. H. Young, a representative of the
Laundry Farm Electric Railroad, asKed
the board to declare a school holiday on
the opening day of the road, some time in
the early part of June. The road, which
has been transformed from a steam to an
electric line, is nearly completed, and the
day is to be made a "children's day," with
transportation to and from Luun<irv
Farm, the tare for c.iiidren to be 15 ceuts.
The matter wa- referred to the classing
cation committee and th • superintendent.
Library Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May s.— The regular
meeting of the library trustees was h«ld
in the library rooms this evening. Ac
counts to the amount of $b"!)8 were passed
for payment. The librarian's report
showed that 11.023 books were issued dur
ing the month oi April. Average for fic
tion 49.8. juvenik- 17.1, other classes 33.1;
received for lines $4 45. Eighty-four new
membeis were enrolled during the month
and eighty-seven new books placed on the
emelves. It was decided to nay the City
Trustees for the electric liuht used by the
library less the amount of gas bills for gas
i u*ed until the electric lights are turned on.
A Question of Lav.
ALAMEDA, Cai.., May s.— Suit was
brougnt in the Recorder's Court to-day by
John Goldstone to recover $25 20 from the
Home Security Building ana Loan Associ
ation, Oakland. it appears Golustone
purchased a piece of property from L.
Egert, and it was incumbered with a
mortgage of $1025 in favor of the associa
tion. The mortgage was released, but the
tax. s were not paid by either E^ert or ihe
association. Goldstone subsequently had
to pay the same, and he is now suing the
association for a refund.
For Auld Lang Syne.
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 5.— J. C. JeweU,
first sergeant of Company G, who will
leave to-morrow for Boston, Mass., was
"presented last nighi by his oomrades with
a handsome morocco-cased album con
taining the pictures of the entire com
pany. A. F. St. Sure made the presenta
tion in a happy manner. Later in the
evening Captain Cliipman presented Mr.
Jeweu witu a gold locket, suitably in
scribed, un behalf of the company.
Company G'a Small Line.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May s— Orders had
been issued for it battalion drill in Oakland
last night, and Company G responded to
the call with eleven men, all told. This is
a clear indication that the division
of opinion existing in the company
I is as far from a settlement as ever.
A. X. P. HARMON'S WILL.
Filed In the County Clerk's Office
This Afternoon by the
Executory.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— The will of
the late A. K. P. Harmon was to-day filed
for probate in the County Clerk's otlice by
the executors, Albion K. P. Harmon Jr.
! and George C. Edwards. The deceased
left real estate in Alameda County to the
amount of $100,000, real estate in the City
and County of 6an Francisco valued at
$75,000 and personal property, consisting of
bonds, stocks, promissory notes, household
furniture, etc., amounting to $125,000,
making the value of the estate $300,000.
The will was made on May 23, 1895, in
Mr. Harmon's own handwriting.
The heirs are Marietta Harmon Edwards
! Elizabeth I>. Harmon, A. K. P. Harmon
1 ,lr. and Colonel George C. Edwards of Oak
land, and Eliza Lang Perkins of Colfax
Placer County, California.
NOW A DIVORCE.
Mrs. Bldleman Wants a Separation
From Her Husband, Who
I* In Jail.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— Adelaide
Bidleman has brought suit for a divorce
from Enoch J. Bidleman.
The respondent is the late bookkeeper
for E. Martin & Co., the San Francisco
liquor merchants. He lived near Lake
Merritt in a beautiful home and was looked
upon as one of the most solid of Oakland's
citizens. About three years ago he took
a sudden trip to Mexico, and after he was
gone it was discovered that tie had stolen
about $125,000 of his employers' money and
that the thefts extended over many years.
Bidleman was arrested as soon us he land
ed at San Jose de Guatemala, and was
brought back. He is now serving a ten
years sentence at San Quentm.
No children have been born to any
American President in the White House.
GARBER'S STRONG EFFORT
Talks Exhaustively on the In
validity of the Central
Pacific Lease.
POWER OF STATE GOVERNMENT
Right of the Commissioners to Inquire
Into the Validity of the Lease
Disputed.
Ex-Judge John Garber argued the rail
road side of the intervention suit brought
by the Government against the Railroad
Commissioners before Judge McKenna
yesterday. He spoke as follows:
"The first contention to which I propose
to address myself is the invalidity of the
lease of tne Central Pacific to the com
plainants. There are many cases cited to
support this ground, but I think in every
such case the courts decided t aat when the
corporation had no power, either by
charter or by general laws constituting
their charters, the courts defined the
limit and authority to execute or rescind a
lease.
"I think yonr Honor will find this is a
fair statement of the cases decided. In
some case the question came in an action
to enforce the lease. In others to rescind
the lease. In neither case would the court
lend its power to help either party. In
some cases the court gave as an additional
reason that the attempted lease was con
trary to the public policy. True, in many
of these cases there are expressions which
go beyond this, but your Honor is bound
only by those findings which were neces
sary to a decision of the court.
"As I said before, there is given another
reason why the lease was held invalid —
contrary to public policy. But in none of
the cases has it any other meaning than
that the sovereign has not seen fit to give
the power to lease, and it cannot, there
fore be assumed or exercised by the creat
ure. ;
"When the Government of the United
States, stepping down from its high place,
contracted with and dealt with this corpo
ration, it did so with express reference to
the laws of California."
'"Where there is no direct authority it was
argued the lease can be attacked in any
collateral proceeding. In this I disagree
with Judge Hayne. He baw plainly enough
that that Drincipie would not avail him,
for he could not say that in this case there
was an entire absence of authority. The
Central Pacific had tbe power by its char
ter to build this road within the State, and
to exercise ail the powers of a railroad cor
poration. Therefore he goes into the sub
ject of public policy. Against what public
policy? Why is it contrary to public policy
that a corporation which as no power to
make a lease does make ft lease? What is
it more than a breach of contract? Is
the policy of the United States a different
p ilicy from that of the State of Cali
fornia? Why should the State of Cali
fornia concern ?
"Suppose that in every way the Govern
ment recognizes the law valid. Can it be
tnat everybody else can step in and object?
No one else can be interested. The rail
road has a right to run the road according
to the laws of California. It owes allegi
ance to California. What comes in cannot
be public policy. So far as the United
States is concerned it isn't acting as a Gov
ernment which lays down laws and equit
ies, in this Pacific railroad matter. It is
acting simply as a contracting party look
ing after its own interests.
"Even in the case where the lease is
against public policy in the sense in which
tney use that term, the court will not dis
turb the property. The Government of
the United States has recognized this
lease of the Central Pacific. By the act of
1888 the Government enacted with a full
knowledge of these leases that all the roads
under these lenses must run their tele-
Lranh wires in a certain way.
•'The Government Jdid riot simply say
that whoever was running the roads should
be liable to certain obligations. It im
poses positive and affirmative duties upon
the lessees, recognizing them as such.
Throughout that act wit to painstaking
care distinction is made between the orig
inally aided persons and tnose running
the roads who were not the originally
aided parties. So I say that so long as the
Government continues to treat with these
lessees it cannot be in the mouth of some
third parties to set up the rights of the
United States.
•What powers has this Central Pacific
Company in this State? It has the right to
operate that road under the franchise
granted it by the State of California. Sup
pose Congress wiped out all acts? What
did the road get from Congress? It got
some bonds*. It got some land, but it got
no incorporeal rights. Why cannot the
Central Pacific operate that road under its
charter from California?
"Suppose the road disincorporated under
the laws of California, where would the
title be? Would it not be in the California
successors of that corporation ? How can
the United States say to the State of Cali
fornia you cannot pass any law limiting
alienation of this road without the con
sent of this Government when it has by
its own act placed the entire question of
the corporate powers of the road within
the State's own volition.
"I say the Commissioners have no right
to inquire into the validity of the lease.
It would be a strange thing if the Com
missioner?, in regulating the question of
rates, could go into tbe various questions
of the validity of leases, ultra vires, and
public policy. The constitution says this
commission shall regulate the rates of all
railroad comr.'inies. It says this company
is guilty of extortion in the business it is
carrying on. How can the commission
proceed one single step in fixing reason
able rates unless they consider the entire
road ?
"The constitution never gave any com
mission the right to act in rem on a par
ticular piece of road. It says you find the
company and act on it. They can't act
on some one who ought to be running this
road but is not. That question is for an
other department of government."
At this point Judee McKenna inter
rupted to ask the speaker if in such a cass
as that presented by tt>e Southern Pacific
of Kentucky, which controlled both the
Central Pacitic and the Southern Pacific
of California, the company would have a
right to demand consideration of both
roads 89 one system in the regulation of
rates.
Mr. Garber replied: "It is a simple
question of fact. What is the whole thing?
What is the connection? The Southern
Pacific of California and the Southern Pa
cific constitute one indivisible whole.
They join each other and the trains of one
run over the tracks of the other."
Continuing, he said: "The Railroad
Commission and the laws of California
take no account of the ownership o! these
roads. The question they are concerned
with is the use they are making of it. It
would make no difference how the prop
erty was acquired. If it was stolen the
commission nas no right to look into these
matters. Because I have got a piece of
property wrongfully, is the State of Cali
fornia going to rob me of it? That posi
tion puts the State of California in the po
sition of a robber and its counsel in the
position of defending robbery.
Attorney Hayne took exception to this
statement, and Mr. Garber explained
that he did not intend the remarks as per
sonal, but was simply following his argu
ment to its 'ocical conclusion.
After an ineffectual attempt of coun
sel to hit upon a satisfactory defi
nition of a nniried railway system adjourn
ment was had until this morning at 10
o'clock, when Mr. Garber will continue.
.A liiuicdaiis Are in Line.
ALAMEDA, Cal., M«i' s.— The Young
faction Sales
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
SUSS T HOBSt: 31iBRET,'22O UHI<U ST.,
SATURDAY.
Saturday ...'....'. .May 9
At 11 o'clock.
By order of Mrs. Levashier. we will sell
Her Entire Stock of Horses, Farm
Wagons, Baggies, Cart, Team liar-
; ne*n, Etc.
Horses consist of 30 head broke and unbroke
good all. purposes horses from 4 to 8 years old:
' weight from 900 to 1600. Also same time and
place 15 head good work-horses. Sale positive.
No r*>«»rv« o limit wh»»t«>vpr.
BDLIJVAN A DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneers.
' llUf. 327 .--ixui si.
Men's Club of the First Presbyterian
Church held a spirited debate this even
ing on "Is Woman's Suffrage Desirable?"
For the affirmative *»ere F. Boadweli, A.
Webb, A. Rennerand P. R. Glissman; for
the negative W. Barber, C. Keame, C Me-
Curdy and W. Brock. The debate lasted
an hour and a half, when the judges — C.
Taber, H. Sorber and C. Hughes— retired
for twenty minutes. At the expiration of
that time they returned and announced
their decision in favor of the affirmative.
DICK WHEELER MISSING
Was a Member of the T. M. C. A. and
Was Formerly Employed by W.
B. Standeford.
OAKLAND, Cal., May s.— Richard
Wheeler, a young man aged 21 years and
a member of the Y. M. C. A., is reported
missing. He formerly lived with Mrs.
Knapp, 1382 Webster street, and had been a
resident of Oakland for about nine months.
Through the agency of the Y. M. C. A.
Wheeler secured a position at Standeford's
candy-store, but about six weeks ago was
discharged. After his dismissal he became
very despondent and remarked to friends
that "life was not worth living."
The morning of the day Wheeler disap
peared Mrs. Knapp asked him to buy some
things downtown. Wheeler went, but never
came back.
RECEIVING HOSPITAL.
Supervisor Church Wants the Second
Story Converted Into a
Ward.
OAKLAND, Cal, May s.— Supervisor
Church is advocating the scheme for en
larging the Receiving Hospital. The wom
an's ward is especially small, being large
enough for only two patients, and when
not used by women is often used by men
patients who cannot be accommodated in
their own ward.
Mr. Church's plan is to convert the sec
ond story into a ward. To do this dormer
■windows, an elevator and several oth<-r
changes would have to be made, but
very little expense would be incurred
and no other outlay of mouey would have
to be made in years.
Her Realism Satisfied.
She may not have been anembyro Ibsen,
or even a future lloweils or prospective
Hamlin Garland, but she was a little real
ist, pure and simple, says the New Yorfc
Evening Sun. She couldn't have been
more than seven years old, and she sat
at the matinee the other afternoon, takinp
it all in with a coldly critical air in strik
ing contrast to the excitable grown-ups
about her, who every now and then let
their emotions run away with them. Her
sole comment concerning everything was
"Is it real?" Thick and fast* came the
questions: "Is that real water?" "Are those
trees real?" "Is the house real?" "Are
the curtains real?" as one scene after an
oxher was reve.iied, and to each query her
mother was obliged to answer "No,"
whereat the little realist looked as much
as to say: "Another myth gone wrong!"
But presently the heroine of the piece,
as portrayed by Miss May Irwin, appeared.
And of her substantiality there could be
no doubt, »o the little realist didn't even
ask, but, with a sigh of reliel, cried,
"Well, anyhow, the lady's real!"
THE STOCK MARKET.
Tbe values for Comstock shares were lower on
tbe regular calls yesterday and business was
quieter, tbough sale< in (hollar and its sympa
thetic stocks were large. The best price for
C'bollar was 90c, against 99c the preceding day ;
for Potosi. 39c, against 41c; Con. Cal. & Va., $1 86,
against 91 95; Occidental, 91 18, against $1 25,
and so on. The close was steady, but very quiet.
On the Bon I Exchange business was active and
the general tone was firm.
The Caledonia, Crown Point, Occidental and ftah
assessments fall delinquent in board to-day.
The Hpring valley Water Company. San Jose
Waicr Company and Pacific Gas Improvement
Company have declared monthly dividends of 50
cents per share, payable May 10.
At ibe annual meeting ?; outlay of the Justice
{ 45.150 ••bnres of the stock were represented and
the following directors ejected : A. Waterman, H.
Zadig. K. P. Barrett, P. Ameraux and s. Jacobs.
A. Waterman wus chosen president, H. Zadi< vice
prfsident. It. E. Kelly secretary and R. P. Keating
superintendent.
In the Chollar mine (Comgtoeic workings'), In
the stopf abovo No. 2 crosscut, 450 level, and In
the south stopp of the same level, they continue to
: save the streaks of pay ore found in the casing of
I the ledge and to sort over th ■ old fillings. In the
winze, fnur floors below the litter stope, they are
ilriviug south in low-erade material. They say. a
during the past week 9J tons and 1900 pounds of
ore. the average top car sample assay of which was
$'J7 57 per ton. They are repairing in tbe main In
cline and in the air gallery from the 450 level to
the tunnel level.
In thA Potost m ne (Comstock workings), the
raise from the south stope on the 450
level Is now np 107 feet. The top is in vein ma
terial giving low assays. On the 650 level tbe west
crosscut is now out 440 feet, 20 feet having teen
repaired and rotimbered during the past week. On
the tunnel level tiie raise from the southwest cross
. cut has been advanced '20 feet; total height 35
| fi-rt. The top is in vein material of no practical
value. The usual repairs are voder way.
. Assessments rending.
Following is a list of assessments now pending:
CO Jf PA ST.
Delinqt
No. Ami. in the Sale Oar.
i Hoard.
Ophir.... ;;»....
Bullion .... ......
Gould & Curry......
Challenge :.....
Caledonia..: .........
Crown Point........
Occidental...........
Utah
Alpha
Potosl .
Mexican..
Savage.
Overman
AHa......
6H
47
78
21
46
67
22
2-'
16
45
84
8'
75
62 :
'JB.Aprl7i.May
10.Aprl8.May
15;.Apr25.May
G5!.Aprt7l.May
Of May 21. Mar
1:0 May 31. May
10 May S.May
05 May 4 .May
05 May 7j.Jane
•M May It) June
"20 MnyVM .Tuny
20 .Jne 1 ..lime
10 Jne i' .June
lO.Jne 4. June
11
It
20
'Jit
27
26
28
27
•1
.-■■'■ 4
IS
23
2ft
HO
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sale* la tas San Frtncisoo
Bloc* Board vrsterdar:
BKOIHAR HOBNIKO RXSRIOS COWMEN-CINQ 9:30.
200 Alta. 07 300 Ch011ar....92; 000 Mexican..39
100 Andes 29800 ............93600U0htr...1.50
400 8eicner...49350 CCStV.. 1.85 200 0vrmn....12
600 B & Jl 60440 .......... I.BObOO PotOSl .. 39
:«00 ...........691000 C Imp..,4ooSavage 32
400 8u11i0n...16200 CrwnPt.: 55:500 Meg Bel 16
100 Cbatlge...Sß 500 ..... ...... 58 100 Union.. 53
100 ■..-...;..;:..59 100 o & c.....55« 1u0........... 64
200 ...........40600 ....- 68200 Utah.... la
100 •.-. .....41S00 ........... 671200 ...........14
800 Chollar-..91.50U HAW. 300 V Jacl£U..3s
100 .............00200 Mexican..
ArtERNOON BKBSION— 2:3O.
400 Alpha 13 600CC&V...1.85 50 Occidtl..l.ls
400 Ande5... .291350 .-..;;.. .1.80 50 0ph1r.... 1.80
100 B <ft 8....5>-[sooConln]p...0 IJ7OO1 J7OO P0t05i. ....39
300 80d1e....:5V900 * C... 56300 ..::..... .38
600 v. ...... ...53 800 Julia. ...18 200 JS'ev... 63
600 8u1,ver....30 100 Mexican.. 3d ion Uni0n.. ..62
1460 Chollar ..951600 N U <fc C..16 100 V Jack t... 3 6
300 ...... 06! ,
following Were mo eaie* in tv» ; Pacific Stock
Board yesterday : .
xkoulap. bkssiov— lo:3u.
600 Alpha 11 1800 Ch011ar. .93 HOU Mexican. .3o
900 Alia OH, 150 CCJc V...1.M5J750 36
"JOO Ande5.... 29 800 I.B'J^'JOO 37
200 28300 1. M0 750 Occid.... 1.10
600 8e1cher.... 50 400 1.77% SSO iy 8
300 „ 49 150 Conn 81 400 0phir.. .1.30
400 4R4000C 1mp. ..0J 600 1.27Va
400 47 300 Crwn Ft... 56 200 1.28
950 B&B 60400 5:1 1600 Ovrmn..ll
200 59 200 Exchqr....o& 1200 P0i05i...37
100 Bodle 53 800 O <fc C 572300 38
600 8u11i0n... .182000 56 400 36
4UO Ca1eda......l 400 54 riOO Savage.. ..32
700 Chailn»...BS»Joo 65 300 S<corpion..o6
600 Ch011ar... 92 XOO ..58 400 58& M....16
700 91200 H&N 1.221.. 600 S Nev....64
1200 90200 1.16 500 811 Hi 11... .02
400 89,300 1.17%400 Union C..54
"00 88600 Julia I*6oo Utah 13
100 87% SOO Justice. ..o7 900 12
600 95 500 Kentuck..O4 500 V Jacket. .3B
300 94200 L Wash.. .04 400 35
JAPANESE & CHINESE AUCTION SALE
419 Kearny Street.
_ _ THIS~~DAY.
Wednesday May 6. 1896
At 11 A. M.: 3 and 7 P. M.
REMOVED FROM CHINATOWN
For convenience of sale, ihe stock of a
CHINESE MERCHANT, WHO IS
RETURNING TO CHINA.
RARE ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Satsuma, Cloisonne, Awata, Kaga, Tokouabe.
Biahu, Koch!, etc.
Antique Bronzes, Carvings, Silk Goods,
EmbroiderieH, etc.
J.4PASESE RCUS, ALI SIZES.
Without Reserve or Limit. Chairs for Ladles.
F. T. KEELAK, Auctioneer.
ajtkbnoost session-— 2:30.
300 AlDha 11 1000 Chollar. .95 900 0phir1.27%
200 Alta. 07 450 CCV.1.77%800 0vrmn....1l
300 Andes. ...2fs 600 . ...1.80i200 P0t05»....57
4008e1cher...46100C0nf1......79 400 ....38
600 B<fc B 69100 ...........81900 89
300 68100 ..82 400 Savage.... 32
400 80d1e......53 1000 Con 1m..02 200 . 31
300 64 600 C P0int.. .62600 58& M....14
400 Bullion... 16 1400 G & C....66 400 S Nev..62%
200 ...17 800 ........... .67 500 Uni0n. ...64
100 8u1wer....29 «00 66 200 53
100 30 200 ....1.15 700 62
Caled 11 400 Justice.. ..o7l3oo Utah 12
200 Challn(ie..37 ; 300 Mexican..36 200 V Jacket. .36
500 ChoUar .. .92,100 Mono 14 200 ... 35
400 93 5000c0d11..1.16 400 ....33
400 ...... 94' '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. May 6-4 a. m.
Sid.Aikrd] Bid. Aikid.
Alpha C0n....- 12 13|Jnli«. -......_ 17 19
»;;:... M..~M ..~ 06 07 Ju5tice......... — 07
*««>es - 28 ,»0 BentucK. ...... 03 04
Belcher 46 47 Lady Wasn.... — OS
Best&Belonoc. 68 69 Mayflower.... 105 —
Bodl*.. ......_ 63 64 Mexican _ 35 36
Bullion „ 15 •17 Mono >. — 14
Bulwer.. « 29 30 Nevada (juaenu — 06
Caledonia....^ 11 13 Occidental..... 1.10 1.15
Chollar 95 96 Ophir 1.25 1.30
Challenge Con. 36 38 overman ...._ 10 11
Con. Cal. .i V». 1.75 1.80 Polo* Z. 38 39
Con. imperial. 01 0- bavrice ... 30 32
Confidence..... 78 81 &eg. Belcher... 14 16
Con.New Vors. — 04|blerra Neva4v 63 64
Crown Point... .— 60 Scorpion ..... 05 —
EaatSierraM9» — 04 Silver H1U..... 01 '02
Exchequer..... — 06 Syndicate..^«. 02 03
Eureka C0n.... — 26 Union C0n..... 60 62
OoulU Curry. 54 56 Utah.'. 12 13
Hale «£ioron. 1.15 1.20 Yellow JaoKSk 31 35
Jackson. 40 -
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
1300 Amalle 1 70i Kennedy
200 „ 1 65 Asked 12 60
Champion 600 liockwood Con.. 35
Bid ........21 00100 „ 36
Asked 80 00700 »4
1900 rant 26400 Savannah 42
Keystone....... 400 43
Bid 65 001100 Sebastopol.... 63
Kennedy....... 200 64
Bid ......1000850 69
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. May r. m.
rNTTED BT\T«a BOND*
Bid. A iked. Bit. Attend.
C P4»conp..H'B34 — V 843 re»... 10*»y«i.0»
Do, newta...H7Va —
MlSCKl.t,»\Mlin rontm.
Cal-«!CWe5s. — 113 Da 2d fss fls. — —
CalElecL6s. - 123% P&O Hy 105 130
CntraCWss. 95% 97 P<tChKv6s. — 107%
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.RKft* — 116%
EdsnLAP 6s. — 122% Reno. WUtL — 105
F&CHKR63.IO6 — UiverWCoftj — 100
Uearv-Btßss. 101 — ' SactoP * . - 102%
LosAngi.,63. — 103 HF<tNPKBS« — 102
Do.Unted.63. — 103 bl'lUtArlzSs 95% 88
Mkl-stCble6sl23 — bPltlt CalSa.. 108%11l
Dolly Con 108 — SPUKCaI&s- — —
NevCNgß7s. 95 105 Bi>BrKCal6s. 99 —
NPCRKBS.IO3 105 bVWater6s.. - 119%
NRy 6s. 102 105 bVWater4s._ 99*4 99 1
NRyCal6s. — — f>tktn«<fcKß* — 10'J
Oak Gas 65 . . 1 00 104% SnnstT&TSs. 100 - —
Do, lid las 5». 103 — BuUer-5tH55.107% —
Omnibus 69.. 11914120 VisaliaWUtU — M
lucKoUAltts- — —
VAT'R STOCK*.
Contra Costa 37% 40 iSanJose 75 100
Harm C 0.... - 6iy a |Sprlnj:VaUe7 99% 100
(A) bTOCJCH.
Capital....... — 40 (Pacific Light. 47 4*
Central... .. 95 — tßat Ban Jrrancsoo 93 93%
OakOL&H. 62% Stockton. .... — StlvC
tacOasliap. StJ 87 i ™
INBCBAXCK STOCK*.
FireinansFd. 170 — |Sun 4-) V. .'— .'
COMMKRCIAI. HANK OTO'KI.
Anoerß&Ta — — LondonP*A.l2B 130
Anfrlo-Cal ... 51 58 London&SB 1 . — 271 A
Bank of CaL. 239% — Merch Ex».. la —
CaISD&TCo.. 64 66 I Nevada .. — —
VirstNattonl.l7B 182% ; Bather 800- — —
Uraneers.... — — -| .
«*vr?JQS BANK *T"K:JC».
GerS<&liCo..l4ls — Pnr.tLoan... _ 101
UnmbS&L.llOO 1450 (Security , — 260
Mutual 37% 40 Union Trust. — 810
fa* buv Union — < 485 |
STREKT HAILROAO STOCK!.
California.... — 110 lOak.StK&Oar — 100
(Jeary-st 60 7' Presidio... ... 7*4 —
Uarket-3t..> 46% 47 |Sutter-5U.... — —
■.A K.R STOCKS
Atlantic D... 16% 20 |Jiidson....._ — . —
East rnD... 80 90 blunt. 24% 24V4
California,... 80 115 'Vieont. 860 —
MI*CEIiLANVr>'-» =TT >
Alaska Piers. 96 — lOceanlcSSCo 28 81
BlkDCoalCa. — 10 PacAuxTA.. X —
CalCotMUls.. ;—■".;• — lac Borax. „ 93 100
CalDrvDoclc. — — I'achtNCa — 80
Edison Light - Pac Roll Mill — —
(iasConAsjn. — — | ParfPaintCa 6iA 714,
Lead Co. 86 — IPacTransCo. — 24
HawCfeSCo- — 19% ! l l acTdrto<» 65 70
HntchSPCa. 23% 235/i:Kuns«>tT<fcT.. 41 ■-."■'■
JudsonMf«U —-,;_.■■ iUnUedCU*. — 1:5
JlerKxAssa 10(1 110 |
BALE?-UnBSI.Va BESStOV.
Board—
30 Hutchlnson 8 P Co. 23 6*2%
100 do do V 3 60
5 SF Gaslight 92 60
40 do do 92 75
30 do do 92 87y.
SOS V Water......... 99 (*2V»
60 do do ... 99 76
$5000 S V 4% Bonds 99 25
Street—
66 Alaska Packers' Association 95 60
60 Edison Light <fe Power Co. 116 60
60 Marin County Water. 60 60
$9000 SV 4% 80nd5.... : 99 25
SALES- AFTERNOON SZSSTOX.
Board—
60 Hawaiian Commercial 19 62%
25 Hutcnlnson 8 P Co 23 6°2%
100 Market-st Railway...:... . 46 87%
10 Oceanic 8 S Co 80 00
55 S F Gaslight 98 00
60S V Water 99 62%
Street— ,
815 Hawaiian Commercial 19 75
200 Hutchinson C 0.... 23 62%
100 B F Gaslight 93 00
f.• ' " ■
pipis
Jleijfep!
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug , selling.
Is it any wonder that ho
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of • ! the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist ; that has
such a motto as that
a^Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
a?^JF, EAlSJlflrsxv Established
m 1n 1854 for the treatment of Private
If Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
M disease wearing on bod.vandmlndaad '
M Slcln Diseases. T lhe doctor cures when ■■
m others fall. Try him. 1 Charges low.
£2 Cnrr»j;iiantnt<ed. Call orwrita '
mm m c W&BBO&. Bos i v 5 7. Franclsah
1314
BIG CUT IN SALARIES.
The Custom • House Officials
Alarmed Over a Threat
ened Reduction.
Two Hundred Men Will be Affected by
the Order Alrea-y Operating
in New York.
The Custom-house employes— that is,
those whose salary is not a fixed quantity
—are visibly disturbed over a promised
reduction of 25 per cent in their earnings.
The affecti-d parties are not talking very
much, bat they an- doing a lot of thinking,
in which Uncle Sam comes in for a large
slice of criticism.
The cut has already been ordered in New
York and other Eastern cities, and as the
service is the same throughout the United
States, it is only a question of time before
the local officers will be notified of the re
duction. It will affect at least 225 men,
and involve a combined loss of several
thousand dollars a month.
The deputies in the offices of the Col
lector, Surveyor, App aiser and about 150
clerks are the main people involved.
The cost of collecting dutieß in San
Francisco is much greater tuan in New
York, Philadelphia or Boston, but it is
considerably below that of New Orleans.
Tno percentage in the larger cities is as
follows: New York, 2.6 per cent; Phila
delphia, 3.7 per cent ; Boston, 6.2 per cent ;
San Francisco, 7.6 per cent; Baltimore. 8.3
per cent; New Orleans, 18.4 per cent.
The big cut went into effect in New
York on the Ist of the current month, and
no less than. 1900 clerks will find them
selves one-quarter shy of their regular
earnings when the next payday rolls
round.
< Lief Deputy Collector Jerome is one oi
the Custom-house officers subject to the
cut. He said yesterday, however, that he
v».is not in the least alarmed over the situ
ation, as the same thing had happened
twice before.
"If the appropriation runs short," he
said, '"the most natural thine to do
is to cut the non-salaried men. The next
deficiency bill will cover any shortage, so
there is no occasion for alarm. If the in
terested parties don't like it they can quit.
We have not as yet received notice of the
reduction, but if it is operating in New
York, it of course effects the San .Fran
cisco Custom-house."
The Fruit Crop.
Secretary J. A. Filcher of the State Board of
Trade has written to all members of the board
in the country for information as to the dam
age done by the recent frosts and baa weather
to the fruit and grape crops. He desires to
collect data upon the outlook of this year's
fruit crop. Reports so far show that the frost
ran in streaks and that the greatest damage
was done in the low places whereas the hill
orchards escaped. In Placer County the
orange orchards were not damaged in the
least.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
F W Fratt <fe w, Sacto E Faith, Redding
a W McCoy, Sacio W D Ounser, Pieasanton
L L Crocker, ! oomis W Eastman. Hollister
M Memhan, Clove rdale J McCormic ; Jr, Cal
H A Hardman, S Rafael T W Johntson.Klk Grove
J Black, Gait Miss A Dv Milien, Sacto
J H Robinson, San Jose Mrs C Anderson, Vt
J B Anderson, Vt May Quinn, Sacto
R(" Sf rsrent, Stockton Mrs J Cusacke, Los Ang
A X Smith, Alaska A Bal antyrie, s D
T E Goodwin, Australia H L l.avis", Vallpjo
E M Williams, Gold Hill E Linnei:. San Diego
Mrs N J Burnell. Eureka L L Boone. S c
W Adams, Warren, Ohio S M Adams, Warren.Ohio
J V Bailey, Newman H L Herzenger, UKiah
Miss Me A leer. NY T J Dynan, N V
E A Rickey. lnrtmnaiiolis F Neat. Guatemala
G E Storey, Guatemala S Chaver. Guatemala
J A Milian, Guatemala P Chaver, Guatemala
A Molina, Guatemala a Rnbenstein, Fresno
F C Lamb, Los Angeles E J Do well A w, Sonoma
Louis Dow, Petaluma H HGrsbam&w, S Rafael
H L Burner, Oakland C W Pratt, San Rafael
E 'ma 7. U S S i oncord E F Mattison, Poekein
A B Frace, Pa J Silbersreln, St Helena
C T Davis, Tacoma W J Kenyon. Stockton
B B Barnum Jr, Cal F R Horel. Arcata
W\V Wallace, Evreka J Dinsmore, Grizzly Flat
1- -Milton, w <fe s, Ph C R Scott, Portland
Andrew McLeod, Primrose A West Minstrels,
James Shults, do
W H Windom, ao
Fred Hertlng, do
L F Poeshly. do
E E McKinley, do
Harry Hardy, do
Alexander Cameron, do
John F. Davis, do
A W Huline, do
John L Howe, do
James A Wall, do
H Fulton. Arizona A Slesonop, Blue Canyon
B P Lewis, Bacraraento
GRAND HOTEL.
J Anchell, Sacto F A Kimball, Natl City
F S Gavin, Walnut Creek J E Crew. Walnut Grove
Runyon <fe w, Couuland Miss O Runyon, Courtlnd
J E Leonard, S C C G D Dorm in, Cal
G Van Gorden, San Jose M X si igleton, L Ang
J J Duun. Cal W E Davis cfc w, Sacto
N H Lang, Eden Valley C a Haight, Alameda
R R Flint, Saoto J Harrower, N Almaden
W narrower. N Almadcn Mrs r BarUett, Livermre
. C Browning. Sau Rafael J S Mackels, Magalin
R Dlller, Chico . A A Jones, Los Angeles
J G Ferguson. Clovis R B Butler, Fresno
M:sW Morgan. Pasadena Mrs L 1' Long. Pasadena
Miss C D Bingle, Pasadna G W Jiarney, Marysvilie
Jirs EG Jones, Portland E J Comins*<fe w, v\ orcstr
Miss E Comins. Worcstr Miss M Comins. W orcstr
Mrs Kenstick, Swcto Master E Kensfick. Sacio
A C Rosendale, PacGrve J W Smith, Stockton
C W Carlton, Valley Fora G W Clark, Valley Ford
Mrs J Clark. Valley Ford Miss M Clark, Vailev Yd
G Turner, Modesto E B Hall, L"s Angeles
A X Adams. Mich Major Pike, Oakland
J P Bowman. Gutter Co R L Dunn. Auburn
G L Turner, Los Gaos E A Shooter, N V
Dr A W Macfarland. Pa Mrs A \V Macfariand, Pa
W A Robert*. L Angeles C \V Stone, Los Angeles
H Tutin, Salt Lake Mrs 8 J Oroft, N Whatcm
J R Dennison ttw, KanC Mrs Flarity, N V
Miss A Klncaid, Tacoma I, I. Williams, Sltka
I Kleh, Fla Mis* A Halt. Napa
w H Lorenz, .Stockton Miss J Stephens. Woodld
Miss X L Stephens, Wdld Mrs L Love <fc sister. Oak
I G Joy, Salinas
PALACE HOTEL.
M Watel. Paris M A Eisman A wf, 111
3 M Uonton, N V Mrs G Miller, Utah
W E Cogswell, Sacto X H Shurts. Chicaso
O F Lane «fc wf, Chicago F Barrett <fc wf, Si-lma
G Miller. Salt Lake Mrs A Ballard, Chicago
Mis J B Todd, Chicago H O Jordan &w, Omaha
W D Shea. N V C L Campbell iw, L Ang
P> B man, N V H C Williams, N V
L Zahn, Oakaale F A Hapsinger, Honolul
W Evans <fc wf, Tacoma Mrs U A Gano, Denver
Miss Evans, Tacoma P B ArmstronK.Acapulco
A Bettrus, Byron Spngs W Muller <fc wf, Fresno
G .Moore, Alaska Mrs A F Randolph.Cnda
J Wi'.son. DC J s Robbins, Stockton
J W Burk. San Jose G T Hlbbard, U S N
F II Burk, Vacaville W H Wyman, Coronado
D McLaren, Cincinnati L Feurer, Portland
H H Richard, England W T Jeter. Sta Cruz
W .-1 Porter, I.os Angeles Mrs C H Buhl. Detroit
Miss Grlrjjs. Detroit W E Buhl, Detroit
A H Buhl, Detroit L II Pierce, Buffalo
GRAND HOTEL.
P Ball, San Jose E W Joy, N V
J Nichol. N V W F Mattock, Or
H M yield <fe w. Boston F D Cobb, Stockton
J. a WilllamsAw, Boston G G Pern-, Chicago
X X Kellv, But c EF Hilton, Eng
J A Fenger, NY LA Jacobs 4 w, Sacto
(-> J Jone». Portland J McPlke, Napa
J? Boyd. st Louis C A Burns. St Louis
II Crow'.ey, Ix)s Angeles Miss Smith, St Paul
T A Martin, st Paul J A Torrey, Chicago
F A Burns. Seattle W H Willis. Butte
Capt T O'Nlel. London
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs R Brawnlaw.l oomis A F Will ams, Sacto
J E Johnson. Cincinnati Miss Williams, Chicago
Mlbs Gibbons, Chicago F M Bacon, N Mcx
J X Hardenbiir^, Cal H Woods, Seattle
I. l' Darling <fe w. Fresno J Guller. Stockton
6 Hauner, Seattle T H McQuaid, St Louis
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali~
"710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ever;
nignt In the year.
BRANCH OKFICES-630 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
sW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opea
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
lie Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS. ."•;
Wl-TS* CROCKETT LODGE No! 139, F. fT~
-"■ Ei^* and A. - M.— Stated meeting . THIS 'JV
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING ■ at 7:30 If V
o'clock. ... H. FQHTRIEDK, Sec. ryr*
9PS* EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, F. . if"
■ and A. M— stated meeting THIS J\
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. May 6. at"_f^
7:3oo'clock. THKO.E. SMITH, Sec. . ■f%9^S..
• E_~?». MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. & _T~"^
ErJ^ A. M." — . Stated meeting THIS J_
■ (WEDNESDAY) r, EVE 9 ING. -at 7:30 W^f
o'clock. Third - degree. •■ r<^r\
-_,' \ :■: ■: C. D. BUNKER. Secretary. ;
: j_S~THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
" IS^ir- Bricklayers' :v Association will be ' he'd at
' B'nal h'rith Hall, 12J ' Eddy St.. TH IS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, 1 May; 6, at 8 o'clock. : Business
of ImDortaDC£"T Hi — BBfij^Ws— Ws — W < H38388
:■;: JOHN B. CAMPBELL, President. :, ;
MEETING NOTICES-Conttnued.
j^^p~A. O. ii., DIV. 2— THE REGU a^sa.
u>s? lar mo • thly meeting of ■ this division
will be held in Hibernia Hall THIS m\\Vf
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clockg^VJ.
sharp. All the members are . requested to*S-^fiP
I tend, as business of the utmost Importance * ill
I come before the meeting. I Final | preparations for
j sending delegates to the State convention to be
held in San Jose will be made. ' Candidates seek-
ing admission will please be prompt in attendance.
sojourning brothers are cordially invited to at-
tend. . :.:■; BARTLEY LEE, President.
P. J. Mkeha -, Recording Secretary. - ■ ■■' '■
IJPS 3 A. O. H. DIVISION NO. I— ■niE%
ur-JS> regular monthly meetlnz will be , \.VA»
held THIS (WEDNESDAY') EVENING %A\f
at Hibernla Hall, 12!) Ninth st. Nomlna-ccV«J
tim of officers and o-.her important bnsi- »^EJb
ness. Tickets for your reunion and picnic, Sun-
day, May 24, will be distributed. Fines for non-
attendance «ill be strictly enforced. ."
J- J. Lank, Sec. P. LYONS, President.
jj£~s= TO THE OFFICERS AND A
£*-»' members of the Austrian Benev-gHSteS
olent Society— You are hereby notified toi§£uj&»
nttena your regular meeting WEDNES-a&rSg
DAY EVENING, May 6. at your hall, w"
413 Suiter st. Each and every member Is re-
quested to be present for important business and
final arrangements for our grand picnic and re-
union with our sister lodge of San Jose. By order.
• M. sCANATIcn. President.
Astoke Coxnich, Secretary. _■
sfsjsp THE REGULAR MONTHLY MEET-
-I*-*^ ins of the. M. R. A. will be held at Music
Hall. Mission s ..THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN-
ING at 8 o'clock sharp. Fines for non-attendance
will be strictly enforced. By order. ;
;JOHN T. McGRATH, President.
J. F. McGoivax, Rec. Sec.
R^S=» ANNUALMEETING.-THE REGULAR
Is-S' annual meeting of stockholders of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY will beheld at the office of the company,
327 Market su,Sa!i Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY,
the 12th day oi May, 1896, at the hour of 11 _, it.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as irsay come before the meet-
ing. Transfer- will close on Friday, May 1,
at 3p. M. ' E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
■pap ANNUAL MEETING— REGULAR
E*--* s^ an nual meeting of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine st; room 28, San Fran-
cisco, Ca!., on MONDAY, the 18th day of May,
1896, at the hour of 1 o'clock p.m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and . the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books win close on Friday. May 15, 1896,
at 3 O'c ock p. it. GKO. R. SPINNEY, sec.
Oflice— 3lo Pine st. room 28. San Francisco, Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
|K3S=»"~BAI> TENA NTS EJECTED FOR $4;
vk-^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection <'().. 415 Montgy st..' room 6. Tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FE3IALE.
p ERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL WANTS SIT-
VT uatlon in the country; competent Swedish
cook with pood references; also a number of good
Irish, German, Scandinavian and French girls
await situations. For particulars telephone or ad-
dress Miss plunki:tt, 424 sutterst. ■
C~~OMPJSTENT GERMAN WOMAN WITH A
V_' girl 6 years desires situation; best references.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st. ■
IRST-CLASS COOK, NO OBJECTION TO
plain wash, desires situation. city or suburbs.
Apply MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post st
WIDOW OF 34, WITH 6 YEARS' EXPERI-
» » ence, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel or rooming-bouse: is a'so a first-class pastry
cook: can give best of references. Address B. 8.,
box 101, Call Office.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION to
do housework; city or country. Call 32014
Rltch st. ■
pANADIAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J to do general housework; city, or short distance
in country. Address or call Federal Hotel, 1205
Stockton St.. near Pacific.
"V r OUNG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK
X by the day; washing, ironing and cleaning. Cull
2014 Hyde st., nr. Union.
r OUNG GERMAN GIRL, JUST FROM THE
X East, wants a situation in private family to do
light housework. Call or address 2527 Clement
aye., Alameda.
IRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO GEN-
eral housework. Call or address 228 Twenty-
eighth st.
■\TOUNO Spanish WOMAN WISHES A
X situation as housekeeper: no objection to
children. Call 825 Kearny st, 10 to 6 o'clock. -
yOUNG LADY' WISHES A SITUATION TO
X take care of children. I'lease call 142 Sixth st
YOUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
X light housework or take care of children; $10
to $15 a month. Apply 530% Valencia st.
"VTOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
X long distance in country; small American fam-
ily; small wages. 233 Fifteenth street.
RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION
XV at housework and cooking. Apply 319 Ellis st
ANTED — ITU AT lON AS CHILD'S
II nurse; can take full charge from birth best
reference given: 5 years in last place: country
preferred. 423 Ninth st.
RELIABLE GIRL WANTS A PLACE FOR
XV good cook and general housework. Adaress
Reliable, box 67. Call office.
~yo UNG WOMAN WANTS BY THE DAY
X cleaning, washing, housework, etc Call or ad-
dress 525 Folsom st., bet. First and Second.
■\TOUNU RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES TO
X do second work: city or country. Call or ad-
dress room 20, 565 Stevenson st, bet. Sixth and
Seventh.
yOUNG REFINED CREOLE WIDOW DE-
X sires a position as housekeeper. Address B. N.,
box 107. Call Oflice.
DELI ABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION,
XV city or country: good cook, baker and laun-
dress; references: also competent nurse; Protes-
tant Ca'.l 506 Minna st .
SITUATION WANTKD BY SCOTCH GIRL IN
private family; goo 1 cook; city references.
Call a; 1702 Polk St.. cor. Clay. ■ .
VURSE, GERMAN GIRL, BEST REFE R
-*■ ences, wants place for upstairs work and sew-
ing; care of children or charge of Infant: wages
$20 to 525. Address D. F., box 9, Call Office.
\\r OMAN WANTS . A SITUATION TO DO
" housework; good cook; city references; city
or country; wages moderate. Call or address 363
Jessie su, near Fifth.
"I ADA' WHO MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
JJ scalp treatments would like a few more lady
custo -era to treat at their homes; will also do
brushing, shampooing, singeing, scalp massaging:
prices moderate; references given. Address C. H.,
vox 98, Call Office. . .
OEL I ABLE GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
XV do housework; wages $3 per week. 305 Oak.
GOOD FRENCH AND GERMAN COOK DE-
sires a situation In private family; city refer-
ence: city or country. Address 435 Bush st.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS POSITION, GEN-
VX eral housework or ups airs. Apply 911 Capp
St., bet Twenty- fourth and Twenty-fifth.
\\r ANTED-SiTUATION BY A YOUNG GIRL
, II to do general housework; American family.
35 Chase St., West Oakland.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL DESIRES
XV situation to do second work; sewing can be
highly recommended. Address M., 913 East Fif-
teenth st., East Oakland.
r OUNG LADY; Al STENOGRAPHER AND
. typewriter, will accept position; $8 to $10 per
week: owns machine. Address Earnest, box 49
Call. .
]\JEW ENGLAND WOMAN WOULD LIKE
•>-> work by the day .washing, plain ironing,
sweeping cr general housework. 561% Howard
St., second floor.
ESPECTABLK MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
wishes situation to do general housework or
take care or sic*, or will keep bouse for widower
with children; quick. Apply 112% Silver st.
DRESSMAKER, GOOD FITTER, - WISHES
more engagements in families; 75c a day.
Address S. X., box 110. Call. .-..
RELIABLE GIRL WISHES TO I>O SEWING
and dressmaking. Address 827 Ellis st.
pOOK-SITUATION WANTED BY A FIRST-
\J class cook; thoroughly experienced ; honest
and reliable; in small family: city or country. Ad-
dress C. O , box 153, Call office.
ArOUNU~RELIABLEGERMANGIRL WISHES
X any kind of work by the day. Please call 29
Minna st
WOMAN WOULD .LIKE GENTLEMAN'S
ll flannels to wesh or would go out by the day
housed i.an Ing. Apply rear house, 869 Mission.
C~ COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WISHES SIT-
\J uation as cook in American family. Please
call at 4 Twelfth st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
O person as cook and laundress or general house-
work : 4 years' city reference. Call 611 Valencia.
pOMPETENT, * REFINED WOMAN WITH
\J reference offers her services to Invalid or fam-
ily going East or Europe for part her fare. E.
I- . 10% Eighth st. .
YOUNG GIRL WANTS A SITUATION; SEW-
x ing and mending and very light housework-
wages expected $10. Address M. A., box 6, Call.
LADY WANTS POSITION AS HOUS¥KEEP-
er or would take charge of lodging-house-
plain f e wing. . 821 Mission a... room 3. '
YY-lU.xi WITH A LITTLE GIRL, 7 YEARS
"of ase. desires a position as housekeeper or
chambermaid. Address Victor, box 89, this office.
r Al>Y WISHES TO DO WASHING AND
XJ housecleaning; by. the day. Call A. R.. 67
Clementina st . ,
VV INC;. IS* . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NIC
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 fit) per night:
$1 60 to so per week; convenient and respectable*
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. >
p ERMAN WOMAN ; WANTS : POSITION; AS
*X working housekeeper or -a* first-class cook
111 German family. Call 937 Mission st . ;
1-.KI.nE;> GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSl-
tlon as companion or attend Invalid; good
reader: about 10 years' experience; will also go as
maid and seamstress: good sewer in all branches'
city or country. :: Call or address 806 Union st.
> A WEEK'S *: NEWS FOR s', CENTS - TH*
I -ol WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE. '
HU N TER~ iTca, CHINESE^ A XrT^jfAPAN-
' ese employment . office, 17 Webb . st., : below
Kearny, bet California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
TShINESK AND Japanese; RELIABLE
VJbelp; tel. Main 1997. BRA PLKY&CO.. 640 Clay.
C.G. COOK'S SUi;. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. tranches -.short, notice, 1 4 (ie.trr. tel.Grant 46. -
W.JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J otlice; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
T7LECTRICIAN; THOROUGHLY UNDER-
XLi stands dynamos, wiring, lamps, meters and
steam: much experience; holds college certificate.
Address Dynamo, box 106, this office. .
"EDUCATED AMERICAN, AGED 30. WANTS
-J position in downtown store or office; small sal-
ary. American, box 29, Call Office. vv '■■-.-
BARBEit, YOUNG MAN. WOULD LIKK A
steady place; city or country: good workman.
Address G. W., box 117, Call OrUce, ■
yOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION AS G BO-
X eery, clerk or any kind of office work; thor-
oughly competent; references and ; bonds if re-
quired. Address W. C, box 62. this office.
WEDISH YoUNG MAN WANTS POSITION
0 in grocery business or any kind of work where
he can make himself useful: has good references.
Address S. M.. box 24, Call Oflice. ■
BOY WANTS WORK WITH STABLE; A
1 > good rider; no bud habits: can give references.
Address Boy, box 119, Call.
AT OUNG MARRIED COUPLE want SITUA-
X tion on ranch: wife good cook; man thoroughly
understands ranch work and care of horses. Ad-
dress 1 ■:. 8., box 74, this office.
TRONU YOUTH. la YEARS, WANTS WORK;
0 country; can milk, care for chickens and he
generally useful; best references. V., box 119, Call
office, City. ' - ____.
RIGHT BOY WANTS TO LEARN CLOAK
iJ operating. Call or address 609 Natoma St., bet.
Seventh and Eighth. * :.
WEDIoH MAM. SOBER AND HONEST,
O wishes situation as coachman and gardener, or
work in private family: best of reference. Ad-
dres» C. P.. box 103. Call Office. . ..•.
JUST THE MAN YOU WANT; SOBER,
trustworthy and willing; satisfaction guaran-
teed : as teamster, porter or Janitor: have carpenj
ter tools and can use them: give me a trial;
reference furnished. Address R. W., dox 76. Call.
L IRST-CLASS HOUSE-PAINTER IN ALL ITS
1 branches: steady, sober man: 3 years in last ;
place; will work cheap If steady or long Job can be
given; city, or country. Address Decorator, box ,
92, Call Office. '■ .
INGLE, MIDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS
O situation on private place or ranch; under-
stands farming, gardening, raising of poultry and
orchard work; references. Address E. X., box
106, Call Office. •
t>7rst-clash HOUSECLEANING. ground
X I floor, 706 a Jones st .
OMPETENT, STEADY GERMAN WANTS
\J situation as coaenman: good driver: also rood
gardener; can milk; generally useful: city or '
country; references. Address Coach, box 144, Call.
MAN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEOPLE,
private place; man understands care horses,
cattle and grounds, general work; wife excellent
cook and housekeeper: reference. Address M. W.,
box 154, Call Office. 1
' ANTED— POSITION B\ MAN WHO CAN
do any kind of work; 3 years' reference as
coachman. \\ orker, box 105, Call Office. ;
ORCHARD SUPERINTENDENT. 15 YEARS'
Californlan experience, practical and ener-
getic, open for engagement; orchard, vines, stock
and general farming: Al references. Address
ltancb, 3121/2, Fulton st.
pOACHMAX, ENGLISH, THOROUGHLY UN-
V derstonds his business, also garden and cows;
first-class i-asiern and California references. Ad-
dress NED, 1649 Everett St., Alameda, Cal.
\\riNCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
■ll Market— lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggago to and from the ferry.
AN AND WIFE (GKRMAX) STEADY AND
reliable, wish a situation in country; on a pri-
vate place preferred: man do milking, care of
horses, cows, etc.: wife do housework, cooking,
etc Address C. 8.. box 74, this office.
p OOD machine AND all around
■1 blacksmith wants - situation. Call or address
M. 8., box 110, Call Office.
p ELIABLE MAN WANTS SITUATION TO
XI make himself generally useful around private
place: steady and reliable. Address G. 8., dox 4&.
Call Office. - ' . -
OLLO! HOLLO! YOUNG SCOTCHMAN
must have work within 48 hours. -Address
H. H., box 0, Call Office. -'
o'u'ng T man raised to hardware,
X mechanics' tools, etc, desires position at once- j
not afraid of work. Address H. M., box 6, Call.
GOOD HOUSE PAINTER: MUST HAVE
VT work: w il work cheap: city or country. Call or
address PAINTER, 711 California"st., room 9.
EN G I KB, THOROUGHLY ~ under.
stands dynamos, compound, condensing or
non-condensing engines, wants position: refer-
ences given. Address N. C, box 16, Call Offlce.
LACKSMITH: ALL-ROUND BLACKSMITH
XJ and shoer desires work. Address E. A., box
67. this office. •
JAPANESE BOY WISHES A SITUATION
O either In private family or in lodging-house.
Address E. M., box 78, this office. _■"■
BARBERS-YOUNG MAN, BARBER,
steady job; city or country. Address S. 8.,
1528 Park st., Alameda.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
\A ANTED —BY A THOROUGH ALL-
»» round dry goods and furnishing goods man, a
position either on the road or in the house; over
10 years' experience in Southern California, Ari-
zona, New Mexico and Colorado; references fur-
nished; wages no object till ability is proven. Ad-
dress J. A. 8., 136 Main st, City.
SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG, SOBERI
O steady confectioner; best references. Address
C 15.. 123-129 Eddy st.
pOMPETKNT HOUSE- PAINTER. WITH
\J tools, wants work by the day or piecework-
city or country. Painter, 23 Pleasant st.
\U ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE A STEADY
II place on ranch: man is firs -class blacksmith
»md horseshoer, good woodworker; also can run en-
gine and do general farming: wife is good and sav-
ing cook: capable of taking entire charge of ranch
Address G. C. L. T., box 101, Call Office.
OITUATION WANTED- FIRST-CUSS PRA<>
O tical circular sawyer or band; can file own cir-
cular saws: best of references; also good mill
carpenter. Address Sawyer, box 106, Call Office.
W' ANTED-SITUATION AS CASHIER OR
»» assistant bookkeeper; the applicant is moral
and strictly attentive to business; best of refer-
ences. Address X., 2310 Steiner St.. S. F.
RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES TO
learn brick-laying. Call or address 1032
Hampshire.
T7URST-CLA.SS COOK WANTS PLACE; GOOD
X I references. H. ROfiINSON, 1426 Meson gt
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
p ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN COOK, FEW
VT boarlers, $20: cook, nlain, hotel, near city
$20; waitress, $15 and $20: chambermaid, $16;
Klrls and women for housework, . ountrv, $15 and
$.0. fare paid. MURRAY A READY', 634 C ay.
GIRLS AND WOMEN WANTING WORK
call on us; we have numerous places In fami-
lies and hotels. MURRAY A READ V, 634 Clay.
OUSEKEEPKR AND cook, mining
XX town, $25; cook. Oakland, $-5; Salinas, $.'Q:
Alameda, $25: Sonora, $25; and other towns; 12
housework girls, city, $20 and $25; 6 younc girls.
awls .$lO 10 $16. Mls^ CULLEN. 323 sutler st
\\r OMAN AND CHILD: $16. MISS CULLEN.
» » 323 Sutter st. '
"LiRENCH SECOND GIRL, $25; SEAM-
X; stress. $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter gt.
WAITRESS, BOARDING-HOUSE, $15-
II country. MIS-» CI'LLEN, 323 Sutter at '
OTHER AND DAUGHTER ABOUT 14
years, boarding-house; $30 to $35. Miss
CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.
6 WAITRESSES, $16 EACH. MISS CULLEN,
U 323 Sntter st .
P EFINED NURSE, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Xt Sutler st. _ ■
V*,' ANTED— PROTESTANT CHAMBERMAID,
»i private family, $25; cook, small family,
country, $30; cook, assist with washing, $30 :{seam-
stress nnd nurse, $20: German second girl. .$2O;
three cooks In boarding- houses and restaurant,
$25, $30. $40: restaurant waitress, $20; and girisof
all nationalities lor cooking and homework in city
and country. J. F. CROSE . T A CO., 312 Sutlers;.
p ERMAN WOMAN AS INVALID NURSE,
VJ $15; woman for restaurant; girl for country,
2in family, no wash, $20; 8 houseglrls, city, $15,
$20 and $1:5. Apply 315 Puller st. ■
p IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; 3 IN
vJ family; German or Swede; wages $15. Apply
MISS HICKEY. 1033 Post St. :
W ANTED IMMEDIATELY AT 921 BKOAD-
II way. room 10, Oakland— Man and wife for
ranch. $40: woman cook for boarding-house, ' $30
to $35; 10 girls for general housework, wages $10
to $25. .'"...;-..
PHAMBKKMAID .-. AND WAITRESS; $25.
\J HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WES PECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
Xt as housekeeper: 2 in family; no objection to 1
child; *8 per mouth. Greyhound Saloon, Seven-
Mile House. ■ - .■.■'■'
U r ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work; wages $10. 1202 Buchanan st. bet.
Eddy and Turk. ■'-."•;- . •
.VV ANTED— FINISHERS AND OPERATORS
II on coats. 108 Battery st, . . . .-.--.■.■■•■•. .
WANTED— GIRL FOB GENERAL HOUSE-
work. Apply 1231 Guerrero st.
\\ GERMAN GIRL FOR CHILDREN
I* and chamberwork. Apply 517 Devisadero st
U' ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
■ " work. Call 100 McAllister st..' bet 9 and 12-
GIRL TO WORK AT DRESSMAKING. 1329
■ Clay st. ■■■.■•-■;••::■. •-•:■•■-'.•■.■■--- ■ :_.'-":■ .■■■■• :
ANTIiD-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
. work and cooking; $20. :■■ 1427 Larkln st.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
VJ 619% Post st; :
rpAILORESSES. IMPROVERS AND APPREN-
. X tices; custom coats. - 1028 1 Market St., 2d floor.'
"yOUNG v GIRL >. FOR . LIGHT . HOUSEWORK
X and care of children. - 1019 Fair Oaks st. ■:
HELP WANTED— Continued. "
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
. cooking: small family; wages $16. 1416 Val-
lejo st
GOOD TAILOKESS ON CUSTOM COATS. 373
Natoma st.
WANTED— OPERATOR ON CAPS; ALSO
mi. learner. 340 Clementina st.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1629 Turk st.
GOOD OPERATOR WANTED ON PANTS;
also apprentices. • 1018 Howard st. . .. ..
TpiNIBHERS~AND BUTTONHOLE-MAKERS;
; X custom coats: steady. 291 1 Natoma St., near
fourth, formerly called Everett st. ■ : •
FIRST-CLASS TATIor'FINISHER,- WHO
X makes stood buttonholes, on ladies' coats. A.
CAILLhAU. 46-48 Geary st. cor. Grant, aye.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
call early, lip Freelon st., off Fourth.
W ANTED- FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON
'* vests. 1104% Folsom st. ______
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
'A Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
LDERLY WOMAN OR YOUNG GIRL, AS-
■* sisi with -work and children. E. W., box
47, Call.
W ANTED— GERMAN-AMERICAN GIRL TO
ll assist generally in largo bakery. Address
BAKER, box 149. this office.
4 STHJIA CUKE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
■fx din's Chocolate Emulsion- 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
IJAIRDRESsINO. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
XX and eve classes; 101essons.$l 50. 1248 Mission.
APPRENTICES IX) LEA KN DRESS CUT-
*V ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
r\RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles- perfect fitting patterns
25c up. _IcI>OWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
MALE help WANTED.
astry'cookandTaker. first-class
X hotel, $65; day and night short-order cooks fora
grillroom, country, $40 each: porter for baths at tha
springs: pantryman for springs; neat young por-
ter boy for a club, $15. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
1 10 Geary st. ;
TfXPKRIENCED WINE-CELLAR MAN. $7 TO
XJ $12 a week; assistant gardener and take care
of chickens for a summer resort, see party here; 2
milkers for Oregon, $20. C. K. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. -, .
6 WAITERS, $30 AND $35, HOTELS AND
restaurant; cook and wife. «30; 3 cooks, $30
to $55; 3 dishwashers, $15 to $20; Danish boy
to wash 1 dishes: Ironer: gardener private family,
see boss here; 3 farmers: fnrmer and wife. MUR-
RAY A READY, 634 Clay st.
Ofl TIEMAKEIIS, TO GO i O-DAY. SEE BOSS
—\J here, tools and food found. MURRAY A
READY, 634 Clay st.
\y ANTED— JOBBING BLACKSMITH AND
" shoer, $2 50 day; 4 woodsmen, $26: 3 miners,
$2 75 day: old man to care for place, $5 month;
French or Italian WKlt»r, $9 week, and others.
Apply to J. F. CRQSETT A CO.. 638 Sacramento.
O QUARTZ MINERS; STEADY WORK; $3 A
-v day. R. T. WARDACO- 608 and 610 Clay.
XPERIENCED DISHWASHER. $15. APPLY
XJ after 8 to MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutterst.
WANTED— A TRAVELING SALESMAN TO
» I sell hardwood and carriage hardware. Address
C. H.. box 104, Call Office.
USHKLMAN WANTED. SOL SHIPPER A
CO.. Bpreckels' building. 927 Market st.
AN EXPERIENCE D SALESMAN FOR NUR-
sery In the interior. Call 809 Market, room 7.
SH OEM ER ON REPAIRS, STEADY JOB.
O 236 Noe st, cor. Sixteenth.
\\r ANTED— AZGOOD BOY' ABOUT 16 YEARS
II old to make himself usefuV^on a ranch; will
Lave wages and good home. Apply to CHARLES
WEBSTER, foot of Clay-st wharf.
A TED— GOOD TAILOR FOR BUSHLING.
" 626 Commercial st.
wanted— a tailor at 131 seventh
11 street
\\ AN WILLING TO WORK AS PARTNER
iti with $35. R., box 18, this office. .
INTELLIGENT MAN TO HANDLE NEW AD-
X vertislng device; good seller. 809b Mission.
EXPERIENCED DRESS GOODS SALESMEN;
winaow-dressers preferred. E., box 100, ail.
G~Ob~D~RESTA~URANT~COOK WANTED. 638
Fourth st.
/ 1 OOD BARBER WANTED. 260 THIRD ST.
r antkd— a handy man around a
II rooming-house; small wages. 16 South Park.
WANTED— 6I3 CLAY ST. "
OOD BARBER WANTED. call COR.
Eighteenth and Guerrero sts.
\y ANTED — FIRST-CLA&S WASHER WHO
II can run boiler and engine. 764 seventh st.
Oakland.
IJARBER WANTED. 19 MASON STREET.
pOOD RESTAURANT COOK: CALL EARLY.
VX California and Hyde sts., opp. carhouse.
MEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
XI 3d aud 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c
to 50c: week, $1 to $2 60; reading-room; strictest
attention to morning calls: clean; quiet: open all
night. .
LD ESTABLISHED 3-chair BARBER
shop: cheap if sold this month on account of
other business. 1308 Howard st.
THIRST-CLASS BARBER -SHOP FOR SALE
X I at a oargaln. Apply Call Office.
\\T AN T X D-S TKaDY, T BUST WORTHY
• I partner in restaurant; receipts $-5; sure In-
crease: small capital required; guaranteed $76
monthly each. sTK.N'BEUO CO., 632 Market.
p ERMAN GIRL WAN IS A PARTNER IN
VT cash retail butter, eggs, smoked meats, deli-
cacies business, with $100 capital: mes: be Indus-
trious and make himself useiul in store; $.0 ana
board guaranteed. Apply 2016 Market st
WANTED — STEADY, RELIABLE MAN,
II with $160, as partner In genteel business that
will pay to each 20 to $25 per week: city trade
only. . STANLEY, 21% Third st. .
rPWO-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP CHEAP; $65.
X 529 Dupont, near California.
V OUNG MAN, i TRAVELING PARTNER,
X rustler; something new. RAND. 460 Minna st
VOUKO AIA FOR GROCERY AND BAR;
X must understand his business, have first-class
references and be able to take care of 1 horse. In-
quire between 8 and 10 at 901 Post st .
I.MRST- CLASS LACK SALESMAN WANTED
JC by first-class house: call at once; also boy to
take position in wholesale house: good chance for
reliable boy who wants to work up in the business.
Apply to U. S. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building. ■
WATCHMAKER'S APPRENTICE OF GOOD
II family to learn business thoroughly. Apply
129 Montgomery aye. . .:-.<■,,
I>OYS FROM 15 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE
X> wanted. Apply at 200 Sutter st.
GOOD 1-CHAIK BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE
In Oakland. Call 623 Clay St. city.
W INCHESTEK HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
1 1 Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IJARBERS — OLD-KSTABLISHED SHOP
» > with baths, in mining town, for sale. DECK-
ELMANBROS., 108 EIIU St. •
ARTNER WITH A FEW DOLLARS TO IN-
X crease paying business. Owner, box 16, Call
Office.
ARBER-SUOP FOR SALE IN san JOSE
X> very cheap. Deckelman Bros., 106 Ellis st.
V. ASKA GOLD FIELDS; A FAST SAILING
x_ vessel will be dispatched by the Sa:i Francisco
I and Alaska Gold Mining Co. on or about Wednes-
day May 20. for Cooks Inlet direct; will carry
fr. iglit and a limited number of passengers; fare
$30, including board and 200 pounds baggage.
For further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
606 Battery si., S. F.
p ENTLI-.MAN WELL ACQUAINTED IN
vJ city can find profitable employment by ad-
| dressing G., box 95. this office. ',
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 50
Xt per week. Oriental, 226 I'rumm st.
\\T ANTED- AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
- 11 cry st. clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues; no charcc unless suc-
cessfnl; suits: Superior and Just Courts.
ANTED"- MEN. TO LrtARN BARBER
' ' trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School, 1616 Howard.
CILERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
IJOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
• > instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler
CAL I- SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
/ half-solelng 25c tip. 969 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
t! some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURS -A TO., Dept. L, latent Attor-
neys, Washington! D. C. for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted. --
BEST IN CITY— SING < E ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
Ur AN TED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerKs. KNuX Collection Agcy, 110 butter
I) AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT call SEC-
XJ re'.r.rv Barbers' a sso., 825 Gran; aye. S. FUCHS.
IJARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment, secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
AKBEKS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. KMPLOY-
menu - Bec'y, P. c. Hamann, 238% O'Farrell.
I ■■ INDELL . HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
' ' sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
JUST OPEN: ;=. CONTINENTAL t HOUSE, - 621
Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price. 6c.
10c, 15c pr night;clean betls.sHnuy rooms,no Dunks
T?OR THE BKHT AND CLEANEST 10-LENT
:X' meal try 13% Grant aye. ; coffee a specialty. : :
f- W ANTED— _ABORKR» AND MECHANICS
.' 1 1. to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still l runs Denver | House, 217 : Third st ; 1 160
large rooms; 25c per nigh.; $1 to $3 per week. ..\ -
HAT IiHbKK HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; slng.'e rooms
j 2O and 25c a night. $1 a w»fk: meals 10c. -.■ '"?. -
VI EN'S Vi-S>OLINO 60c: LADIKV 4Oo: DONS
I>X whiie yon wait 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
_, HELP WANTED-Contlnued. r :
YfTO -*—•' TU ".TAKE ■ LODGING AT.IOC 13c
XVU and 20c a night, Including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. • *
W I ARE SHOE DOCTORS: WE REPAIR"
■ I I- your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your - work
at one-half the usual jirlcc; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep It
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863% . MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night : $1 to $5 week.
"L^REE ~> BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOB 6c;
X* also a bottl tot lager.' sc, at 637 Clay st.
'PKY ACME 11UISK, 9_; .M.VKKEI ST, BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
v-»«k; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
\ '___' ■; v AGENTS 'WANTED. •-
ADY AGENTS WANTED— BIG INDUCE"
ments. Apply 235 Post St., room 7.
ANTED— AN EARNEST CANVASSER
for the -'Earth Girdled," by Dr. Talmage; the
most remarkable book of the century. Apply 1031
MarKet, room D, from 10 to 12.
HOOD ARTICLE FOR A LIVE AGENT.
Address WiKSTKR A CO., San Francisco.
HOUSES WANTED.
CAKE Of'fUE^HED^OOSe'orToDg'-
lng-house wanted by mother and son. Address
J. H.. box 14, this office. ■
\\r ANTED— IN ROSS VALLEY, FOR JUNE
II and July, a well-furnished bouse of 10 or 12
rooms. Address, with price and particulars, 1358
Post st. ......
ROOMS WANTED.
TT'LDERLY LADY WISHES 2 UNFU~Kms_£
Xli ed rooms with fireplace in Kureka Valley. Ad-
dress 933 Nineteenth st. -
PROPERTY WANTED. ~7
ADESIRA B LE^L^T^N^RICH^mN^TRACT^
must be reasonable. C. box 18, Call Office.
WANTED— TO LEASE.
W"~TN"T^S"-^ol?S^^NiriroTrNOT~ HIGHER
II than $25. W. T.. box 9. Call Office.
~ WANTED-aiISCELLANEOUS.
pAST-OFF CI^HI^G~^ r XN^r^jr>^MA?PB9
\J waist: wife 34 bust. M., box 4, Call Office.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elnr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postaL
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~~
— — — ; — a- — a
SO cts and $I—6o cts and $I—so eta and $1.
THE WONDERS OF THE CENTURY.
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.,
Have consolidated their interests in order to bet-
ter handle their constantly increasing business.
The professors during their long residence in San
Francisco have met with unprecedented success.
They could refer you to people all over the world for
testimonials as to their worth, but it is not neces-
sary to search the| extremities of the earth
when they can refer you to thousands in your midst
who have been made prosperous and happy
through their wise advice: ask your prosperous
neighbor who started him aright "investigate and
you will find that your business rival is one of their
many patrons.
••Nothing succeeds like success," and If you
would be successful call on them without delay : It
costs practically nothing; &0c and $1. 50 c and $1.
60c and $1. 60c and $1, 50c and $1 is their price
at present, no more than you woula pay an un-
known clairvoyant or a partial!* developed
medium.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest- to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation. Investments, Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and causes speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property. ■ Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits aud destroy evil Influences in half the
time required by the best of the ■ other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember the professors' communication.-) come
direct from the Spirit World, hence their Inabil-
ity to be mistaken in any matter.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San - Francisco: they are here 10
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 2 to 6 p. m.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE <t VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market st.
DVICE and ~ "
assistance to all.
When yon wish to consult a true disciple of
clalrvoyancy see and - prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNEI.LE 1? the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clalrvov-
ancy. You will find him a wonderful being. He
has made thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallible and
correct advice , on all business matters, aids you
in love, brings about happy marriage and success
in life. He reveals to you just what yon want to
know. "Others may have failed you: Professor
Carnelle never does, bat has always given the
most complete satisfaction. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.
Hours. 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. Parlors, 220
Eddy st.
c AN D $1 50c AND $1.
«JU PROF. C. LEON, 1007 Market st. or. sixth.
Marvelous power; valuable advice on all affairs;
letters with stamp answered: hours 9t . 8. I
MMft. LENEaIAR — FORTUNES. TOLD >. BY
planets: predicted In '74 passengers .of over-
due steamer on island. 11 Taylor st. room 10.
MX. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
"VI ME.MOIRKAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
IX past, present and future: 25c up. 764 Howard.
GYPSY Lli-E-READ~ER~; LADIES, 26c!
gents, s(>c ; readings dally except Sun. 5 7th.
ME. PORTER, CARD- READIiR: TK.LLS
past, present, future: ladies 60c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
turo, 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. STEWART; GREATJiSI' CARD BEAD-
and clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age: mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladles or gents 60c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ME. EXODIUS. CLAIRVOYANT, RK-
I'X moved to 1003 Mission St.. nr. sixth; fee fiOc.
MM E. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLJjTtO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell gt
ETURNEO, WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
tbe world: 50c and $1. shows yon the oiciureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
METDR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by ego j and cards : tells ■ entire life, past,
present future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted, names given; good' advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy: mistake !m-
-poaslbl*: fee #1 : letter »'.». 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
JOHN SLATER, GRAND TEST SEANCE: TO-
•> night; Mozart Hall, 136S Market St.; admission
16 cents; private sittings daily, 10 till 4; oflice,
865% Market st.
R. RINEs 1 BIRTHDAY SOCIAL ESTER-
tainment. May 6, 8 p. it.. 605 McAllister st.;
Mrs. Young's Dr. offl c, 13% Sixth st.
EOPLE'S SPIRITUAL SOCIETY TO-NIGHT
—111 Larklu at.; good talent. Admission free.
DDIE SWAIN RETURNED: WILL SEE
patrons to-day, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 1056 Market.
MKs. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
trance m»-rtlnm : witting^ $1. 218 Stockton »-..
LOST.
LOST-MAY 4. PUG DOG: ANSWERS NAME
XJ of Muggins; reward. 662% ; Clementina, or
Coyle shoe n ore, Boone block, so. San Francisco.
1 OST— MAY 5. WATfcll SPANIEL: BROWN:"
-1 white spotted: name "Sport" Return to 1029
Mission st : reward. ' .
BETWEEN - EAST BERKELEY AND SAN
JJ Pablo, lady's purse containing money and
god watch. Liberal reward at DAVIDSON A
LEIGH, 137 Montgomery It.
EWARD — BLACK, TAN AND WHITE
American foxhound dog. Rm 34,008 California.
AIR OF- GOLD SPECTACLES, FRIDAY.
Reward at this office.
ILK UMBRELLA, TORTOISK SHELL II AN-
O die; B. B.onsllverclasp: reward. 2s46 Jackson.
j^~~^. STORAGE.
T~^^Hrß^O^^YT^7^]^lSs7o^^S^RA^'_rXf
.rediced rates: basement storage,!?! 50 per load
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; KlRE-
proof building; advances made. -211 Larkln.
OWES l RATES— FURNITURE,- PIANOS,
household goods, etc. > J. M. pierce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
• low rates: Ore-proof bulletin?;. Eastern plan.
A PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
Xl. ture. etc.iSHIRKK.fc SHIRHK. 747 Mnrfcet^
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW. .
\ DVICE FRIEE^3rv^R^E^AW^A?SPECI^
-Tv ally; private; . no charge unless successful: all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market
LE. PHILLIPS, U. a AND -TATE COURTS'
• damage suits; law of probate and divorce:
charges moderate. Offices, 508 California st.
J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY- 719
.Market st. advice free. " ■ -■■■.-..
~ J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
:! X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth at., rooms 14, 15.
YV W. DAVIDSON, ATTOKNEY-A r~LA\V, 420
M • California st. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
; SEWING BIACHINES^
ALL KINDS BOUGHT.' SOLD, EXCHANGED^
; ±\. rented, repaired; lowest rates. r 205 Fourth at.
CHANCES. /. .. ■
"VTOTICE — TO SELL YOUIT BUSINESS
XI promptly for cash. HEALY 23 Kearny.
©Q^nn GRAND OPPORTUNITY; GENTS'
<^OO\J\J. furnishing goods and hat store: city
or 25,000; ' short distance from >an Francisco;
owners engaged in other business. HEALY A
CO., 23 Krarny st. • -
LEGANTLY FITTED UP LIQUOR SALOON,
XJ vicinity Market st. HEALY, 23 Kearny st
<n>or;n BRANCH. BAKERY, candy -AND
«Jp_,i;U. variety store at the Mission; 6 rooms,
with furniture. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
TFYOU WANT TO SKLL OR BUY A BUSI-
-1 ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<BJJPLA.2 HORSES AND WAGON ROUTE,
<plOy/. paying $100 a month; will stand the
fullest Investigation; selling on account of more
extensive business: well worth double; investors
see this bargain. . T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
97 C BARBER-SHOP, LAUNDRY OFFICE
•4P— — ( I O. and cigar-store with 2 fine living-rooms
and yard: cheap rent, good locality and doing well-
must sell on account of ill health; full investiea-
tion. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
4KI Z.t\ft FINE NEWSPAPER ROUTE OF
«iPXc»vVJ. all the newspapers of San Francisco
and also news-stand r.nd magazine depot paying
at present above all expenses $120 per month, in
the finest northern town In the State. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. ,
CQnnn fine grocery business: 2
<tSP*J\j\J\J. horses and wagons; doing $76 per day
business; paying— 'ell; fine locality; Only object
for selling going back to Europe; Investigate this
fine place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. . (
ffl» 1 £>(\ CIGAR-STORE, DOING NICE busi-
«lPXUv/. ness: complete ' stock of high-grade
goods: cheap rent and good locality: investigate
this snap at once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<2»-| OK NICE RESTAURANT: GOOD LO-
»ID X*_«J. cality: cheap rent; must sell at once: a
bargain. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Sjjj 1 Fifin HALF-INTERKST IN NEW PAT-
>S)A-O\J\J. ent nlckel-in-slot machine; superior
to all others; field to place hundreds: rare chance
for right party to devote his entire time and make
big money; investigate this chance and see ma-
chine. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffiTi f\(\C\ FOB sale THIS week; OLD EB-
-«jJ)XI/vl/. tabltshed restaurant; near Market:
receipts $40 daily; full investigation; trial given:
going to Europe. STENBERG A CO., 632 Market.
ajj^OA RESTAURANT AND BRANCH
tJP"V'V. bakery: well fitted np; daily receipts
$20 to $26; will sell at sacrifice this week; suit-
able for man and wife. I STENBERG A CO., 632
Market st. .
<3>qnrjn RETIRING FROM business ON
tjDOUUI/. account of sickness. For sale, a
desirable liquor store, located ~ north near
Market: comprising large stock of wines, liquors,
etc.; valuable horses, wagons; stock invoices
fully the amount asked; big bar trade: grandest
bargain ever offered: full investigation; no sale if
not as represented. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
©99« 26-CENT MEAL RESTAURANT
»(!)-.-." U. and building; will take nart payment
or part city property: good fixtures; No. 1 business
bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market street
(2» 1 P^n PARTNER RESTAURANT TO AT-
OXUV7. tend cash counter and assist: owner
good cook. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
ffl«99nn TRANSFER AND EXPRESS COM-
*X'4U4d\j\J. pany; established many years; large
trade with leading ' business bouses: first-class
horses; 4 wagons; clears over $300 monthly;
splendid opportunity to secure steady profitable
business with sure income; thorough investigation
allowed: correct representation guaranteed.
ST-.NBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
<U>l of\(\ LIVERY AND BOARDING BTA-
<IDXUv/V/. ble: partner wanted; large first-class
business; clears $200 to $275 per month; positive
proof or no sale: owns 15 good livery horses; a full
equipment of carriages, backs, buggies, etc. ; 20
regular boarders; this business is actually cheap
at $1500, but the proprietor finds too much to do,
needs help and will sacrifice to secure good reli-
able man for the oflice work, collecting, look after
help, etc; investlga.e this. GEO. STEWART. 602
Market st, Crocker building, downstairs.
fl«9?:n PAi.TNER WANTED;, MANUFAC-
«JP^jUU. Turing business, handling staple arti-
cles In general use: goods sold to the wholesale
trade only; plenty of orders on hand, as will be
siui^actorily proven; money to be invested In the
business to enlarge the same. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st. ■■ . ■ .
0«90n good paying restaurant;
<JT -•""'• near Montgomery and Market sts ;
rent $20: must sell at once; family trouble: great-
est bargain. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st
"VTOTICE- PARTIES WISHING TOSELLRES-
Xi taurents, cigar-stores, saloons or any. other
business, try JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
(fl;7nn RESTAURANT, MANUFACTURING
Op lUU. district: receipts $50 to $60 daily ; low
rent: disagreement of partners cause of selling; a
sure, bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st
pARPENTKR-SHOP, ESTABLISHED TEN
V/ years; very central; good trade; machines,
benches, stock on hand, etc.: selling on account of
departure; a snap. Apply 26 % Kearny st
<si9^n COALY HORSES. WAGONS,
— O\J. building, stock, etc.: 5 years ground
lease; rent $6; a bargain. 26 V 3 Kearny st.
INE PAYING • SALOON . AND LUNCH-
house in wholesale district; fixtures, largestock.
etc.: will sacrifice; make offer. 26% Kearny st.
Ijmne-payTisg CIGAR-STORE; market
St.; value in sight: clearing $4 dally over ex-
penses: make offer. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny.
©QXn PARTNER; LIGHT MANUFACTUR-
tS)OtJ\J. ing business: full value In sight: good
reasons for selling; established trade. 26% Kearuy.
<Ei 1 "1 HA COFFEE AND OYSTEH HOUSE;
IUU. nr, Baldwin. DECKER, 1020 Market
<T»1 «V-f FRUIT BUSINESS: RECEIPTS
«!PlZ«J.dny: snap. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921
Market st . . .
ffiJIOXA RESTAURANT DOING LARGE
UP XZjO\J. business; good prices: near three
theaters; actual value $2000; family affairs reason
of selling. WILKE WOLF, 631 California st
MING BUSINESS FOR SALE: 10 HORSES
X and 5 lumber wagons with good trade; will be
sold cheap; part cash. : McEWEN BROS, 118
Montgomery st .
pARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
VJ business; 17 years in same block. Apply this
office.
UOB RENT — DINING-KOOM FURNISHED
X I complete: good business stand; with boarders.
203 Taylor st. : ■-.
QOC BRANCH BAKERY, GROCERIES,
«InOU. candies and dairy produce store: 2 fur-
nished housekeeping rooms complete; rent $13.
Inquire Call Office; no agents. . .
© 1 9nn SAMPLE-ROOM IN VERY CHOIC-
«S? X Z. \}\J . est location: first-class trade; rent
SCO : owner has to leave at once for Dakota. Call
WILKB A WOLF. 531 California st.
©zfen FINE SALOON; DOING GOODBUSI-
- fine fixtures: large stock; bil-
liards and pool; best location. REIDY, 13% Sixth.
OOD PAYING CIGAR-STORE. FOR SALE
T cheap. HKG ARTY, 1004 Market st.
ARTNER WANTED IN GOOD PAYING
X business; established 4 years: small capital re-
quired: trial given. 307 O'Farrell st
pHANCE IN A LIFETIME: BLACKSMITH
\J and . wood working business: must be sold at
any price. Address B. S., box 11, Call.
\\T HOLESA"LE""BAKE"RY"F6R BALE; WILL
" double money: everything complete. L. L.,
box 2, Call Office.-
$j ax 1 1 CORNER grocery a>d BAR
WUUU. with living-rooms: full value in stock;
Western Addition; partners don't agree: bargain.
WILKE A WOLF. 631 California St. ■-
ranch bakery and NOTION-STORE
for sale. Apply SE. 26th and Bartlett sts.
Q.inn GROCERY AND BAR; WESTERN
<pIUU. Addition; a snap. PIERCE, 22 Kearny.
pOOD EUSINKSS IN GOOD LOCATION; 2
VT buildings on leased lot; rent only $2 60 per
month. I. C. SCHARFF. 18 Post st. '
*Btl ?\(\(\ SALOON; BUSINESS PART OF
tIpIUUU, city: good day trade: finely fitted ap.
Apply E. A. KOLB, 422 Montgomery st.
<ie_l^A SALOON WITH 4 ROOMS; RENT
i"v- $30; good business location; kept by
owner last 8 years; good chance for man and wife.
WILKK A WOLF, 531 California.
VTICE. CLEAN, PROFITABLE BUSINESS
XI for sale cheap- good reason for selling; no
agents. Apply T. X., box 119. Call Office.
GOOD BUSINESS FOR SALE FoiT"si6o;
downtown. Call 722 Howard st. :
ART INEZ, HOTEL TO KENT; TERMS
reasonable; 56 rooms; in good order. D. J.
WEST, Martlnez,Cal.
© 900 DELICACY AND DAIRY STORE,
m —\i\j. " with living-rooms: in Mission; low rent
VV ILK IE A WOLF, 631 California st.
/» BARGAIN; WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
xi. liquor-house; $3500. a. V., box 129, Call.
rpo LET— THE BEST ROAD HOUSE ON SAN
-I Leandro and Haywards electric road; next to
power-house: 17 rooms elegantly furnished; hand-
some bar and <linin_-room; rent reasonable to
rlsht man. Inquire Bay View House, Eln.hurst
Alain^la County. Cal.
GIVEN AWAY; FINK RESTAURANT; GO<*lD
..,._ "assess: on account .of departure. 803 M.
Third st. ■-. . ™
V?,*L SALE .OR EXCHANGE-WELL-
x lished wholesale and retail 1 liquor-store: good
business and location. Address A. 8., dox 34, Call.
FK)R SALE-A CENTRALLY LOCATED FAM-
-1 IJy " store: liv.ng-rooms attached: rent $40.
Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN & Co.. 318 Clay.
T>RANCH BAKERY; NOTIONS AND PERl-
•7^7 °t? k>als a bargain; 4 livins-rooms; no agents.
707 Devlsadero st.
■.1?OK-J}A_,K,. CHEAP- A WELL-ESTAB-
x Usbed candy, tobacco, > cigar and stationery
store doing a fine business: reasons for selling,
have to go i-.ast. Apply at store. 1314 Howard st,
bet. Ninth and Tenth.' '- . %
TjiOß SALE —FIRST-CLASS ■ DELICACIES,
x butter, eggs and dairy produce store oa one of
the principal business streets of the city: good
business and location unsurpassed: 2 living-rooms;
horse and wa?on; owner must sell at a sacrifice;
elegant place for: man i and w fe; ; Investigate this.
Apply 23)2 Fiilmore st.. near Clay. '
~O LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
I X County, Occidental Hotel aid bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DICKER or F. PRirCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket si. .."......; t -.j; _ ,;-,.-■■- -" .. .
15 ESTAURANT: CHEAP; CASH TRADE;
Xt selling on account sickness.* Inquire 1136 or
3281 Mission. , . . ..-.> ...:■';
SiH i\C\i\ PARTNER; HAY, GRAIN, COAL
<ll>X\7l_»U. and wood business: dwelling, barn
and stable; leased ground: low rent; good stock,'
• horses, wagons; full value. J., box 15, this office.
■[ BUSINESS CHANCES— Co-tinned/ /^
mO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
lof any kind, see QUS STRAND, 46 Third st. :
f\f\C\ HOTEL: SPLENDID LOCATION:
<SXUV/U. 21 rooms: always full; big bar trade:
everything In good condition; more than value;
owner going to Europe. GUS STRAND, 45 Third.
~<fti<!\(\ BOARDING-HOUSE; IB > WELL- .
«H>UtJv/. furnished rooms; .1 ' old-established .
house; always full and paying well: actual value
for $1000: best reasons for selling; building in-
cluded. GUS STRAND. 46 Third st. "
CTJOCA BRANCH BAKERY AT A SACKI-
•JP-wU. flee; trade of $12 to $15 per day; fine
location; 4 nice living-rooms: comfortable home;
must be sold this week on account of departure;
see this and you will buy. GUS STRAND, 45
Third st v v -
rpHE BEST-PA Y'ING DAIRY AND DELU
X cades business, in good location; must be sold •
at a sacrifice. Apply MRS. KUHN. 1406 Polk st.
qj*"| CA A BNAP: MUST BE SOLD; BRANCH
«3PXUU. bakery, notions, candies; good trade;
fine location; good living-rooms. Apply 110 Sixth.
.A LEANT CASINO SALOON, 133 . FOURTH,
-ci- NE cor. Everett st-, for sale.
f ADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER
XJ with $25; paying proposition. Room 2,12 '
Mason st. *
OR SALE— FINE CHICKEN RANCH AND
stock, rent $12. GEO. PILTZ, cor. Berlin and
Barrow sts.. San Bruno road. ■
BUSINESS CHANGES. ~
AVING RESIGNED THE AGENCY OFTHK
Hamburg-American line on the Ist Inst.. I
have this day sold my office at 401 California st.
All unfinished business will be attended toby my
successors, or at my oflice, 14, 2d floor, Mills jbldz;
accou nts and bills due me are payable to me only,
and all amounts owing by me will be paid on ere-
sentatlon of claim. A.W. M I'EK. S.F. April 22,98.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
° B t<ESS 25-ROO3- CORNER
10-room house, worth 1000; price. _. 9400
40rooms; fine for transcient 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., only 600
rooms on Taylor st „, 760
45 rooms on Market st 350(J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Finn.
COOK 7 ROOMS ALL NEWLY AND HAND-
*U7-^— <O- somely furnished: cheap rent; 2 rooms
now renting for $21 each; all modern conveni-
ences; nice place; genuine bargain at a sacrifice;
see it to-day. T. LULELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
ASTENBERG CO., 632 MARKET ST.
• 18 room, corner house 9500
42 rooms; clearssl2s; trial given 800
22 rooms on Market 700
Highest cash price paid for furniture.
(D>] 7 PL CORNER HOUSE; 12 WELL-FUR-
«IPX I O. nished rooms: always full; pays well;
great bargain If sold this week. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st. *
90 FURNISHED ROOMS; GOOD LOCATION ;
Z.U cheap rent; low price. Grocery, 40 Sixth st.
I,^OR HOUSE OF 30 FURNISHED
■ rooms with bar: everything complete: cause of
sale, leaving the city; no agents. Address L. H.,
box 32, Call office.
<B» 1 rjr LODGING-HOUSE 10 ROOMS AND
<fI)X 10. bath; rent $30. 128% Ninth st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AT L J, NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings. -
IMRE SALE ! ' r ~~ : ~"
Prices stand till goods an completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets  918 59
Bed lonnges  8 09
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard ....*...._. 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard ... 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at, SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders. 20c per step: furniture exchged. 773 Mis.llo
A(\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER , SETS, $11;
jL\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed %
$10; bed-iounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4tn.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $7*
"i iiedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet 1aid.....:.... 45c up
English Linoleum, laid .400 up
Window shades In s colors 25c up
BHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market St., bpposics
Grant avenue: no branch stores. ■
~~~ FURNITURE WANTED. ~
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURN
ture and merchandise see BURP, -211 Larkln.
I" FORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market
BASCH. : 321 SUTTER, W A NTS FURN t-
« ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
. MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURK,
. carpets, piano. - 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761. !
ALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 621 KEARNY, IF
V,' you want highest cash price 'or your furniture^
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.. ■■■
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOBS
than elsewhere for furniture to fill cob.ni.ry
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st
CARPET CLEANING.- .
7 ; VAirIPE^fs^LEAN"ED, 3c~XTARDI~LAirr3cr
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st ; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
.TONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 B'.h.
p REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
I ing Works. Tel. So. 5.76; 14 Bth st. B. Ukast.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
Uns, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEaK
VT Ing works: latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
C CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
U like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth- teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH CO., successor*.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
..,14th st: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING DRE.V-
. ovatini? works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 225.
HORSES. — — — .
FOR sTl^^irs^-class^bTack^ CAR^
team: young, sound, gentle; weight 1300;
cheap. Address 1330 Sanchez.
Af\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
tIU buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horsu
Market, 327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 f\l\ SJSTS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALr.
J \J } ' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheao horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sis.
ORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
; lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st ■
IF YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR EX-
change horses, buggies, wagons or harness yoa
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sala
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth Bts. : auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R, MARTIN,
proprietor. 8. WATKINS, auctioneer.
1 CA SKTS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAS-
XO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, bucsfies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st
R. C H.WESTPHAL, VETERINARY' SUR-
yeon for S. F. Police Department Office aal
hospital. -1 City Ha'; aye.: telephone soutu 401.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
/SIFFER WANTED ON $250 TOP ROAD BUO^
\J gy. 1620 Mission st. :■-.:; : ,
IMXETRAP; 1£ LOW PHAETONS: 3 OPEN
X surreys; 3 canopy-top surreys: 2 extension top
rockaways; 2 dogcarts; 1 carryfour. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
FOR t SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
r"~RESH CO W "AND CALf7~iUi ARMY BT.,
between Noe and Douglass. ■
ABY BUGGY, CRADLE AND MATTRESS
and furniture, 2 rooms, cheap. 1623 Mission.
OOD AS NEW; GAS FIXTURES, ALSO
j combination gas and electric, also refleoiors;
all sizes; suitable lor store windows: and a portable
French range; cheap. 12 .Mason st .
171 OR SALE~AT~A~BARGAIN— GADWEN A
. Swain gas-endine (4 horsepower). in perfect
order. • Call at 'JO7-209 Sacramento St., third floor.
ASOLINE ENGINE, 3-HORSEPOWER: IN
good condition; cheap. Address H. SAFFELIi,
908 M st., Fresno, or Inquire Call Office.
■\7"OUNG • RATTKK AND HUrTER PUPS
X cheap. A. CASWELL, Eighteenth and Rail-
road aye. . ... ;-.
P~ I A NO. $25; COW, $25; PANEL-TOP WAGON
cheap. 814 Nineteenth, nr. Sanchez, aft. 6 p.m.
rioil WAGON AND HARNESS. 438
J 1 Hayes st. ;' - ■ " ■■---
A BOUT 100 GOOD DRY BOARDS, MOSTLY
JX planed, 8 to 11 feet long and 8 and 12 Inches
wide, l^cper foot: sell any quantity; maps San
j FrancUcu 1849-1894 15c. JONES. 647 Mission st.
IGH GRADE '95 BICYCLE:-; $30 TO $60.
Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes s:.
Fire-proof SAFE WITH BURGLAR;
chest; cheap. D. N. HAW LEY, 318 Market.
|^OILERS,_NGINES,2I>-HANDMACHINERY,"
J J waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale. -
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
tore bought at the factory saves retailer's - pro- 1
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st, nr. Mission
K UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER,~SASHKa"
A) doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. ■ 1166 Mission. -
ONE SMALL MED! AND LARGE SlZ_|
fire and burglar proof safe. 1 09. 11l Market st.
I? IRE AND IIRULAIt SAFK^ LETT KB?
X 1 press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
ATE W KAKGK3 ■ CHEAPER THAN SECOND^
IN hand. W. B.RAY itftc Cq. 12 California
p OU N T ER», " SHELVING. SHOWCASE*
KJ bought and -aid ■■ 1121 MarkeL ■ bet. 7 m andtka '
: _ BICYCLES. 1 ~~~~
PARK CYCLER Y-SE? W_Be£st6
X best accommodations. Terminus . Geary M<y
Allister and Powell st. car lines, , w*y.■^^ * HOUSES TO tET.
A PPRECIATED IF .sKKN-82V^SGTTER .
■ -••*- near Jon<s; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
H6u-SE~~7~lTooMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
ments. 1216 Treat aye., opp. Garflcld square.
OUSE 6 ROOMS, BATH, HOT AND COLD
water. reduced to $16. 1417 Ellis, nr. Webster
- lOOK AT 8-ROOM HOUSE COR. PINK AND
XJ Scott, $£8; 9 room house, -.6 Franklin, near
Market, $38: reduced $12 each.
Cjtm HOUS& 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
* C'> '• 1723 Clay St.. near Van Ness aye.
* ffij^r 1731 BROADWAY. NB. GOUGH ST.—
tJTTtc). House rooms, with every convenience
' In hot air furnace and marine view.
* WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
»> treat people ri^ht. BALD & HAM-
MOM) 10 Montgomery at.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
"VTKWLY FURNISHED HOUSE, 5 ROOMS
' — > and bath : $225 casn. 402^ Geary st.
1 BURNISHED SUNNY COTTAGE. 6 ROOMS,
1 bath, desirable location. 944 Army, near Do-
lore*. I
COTTAGES TO LET^
RENT OTTAOE, 6 ROOMS. BATH AND
garden: water free. 8.'3 Hampshire at., bet.
Twentieth and Twenty-firs u /
CL»OO 'A. COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; FUR-
■J>__.«JU. nished, including piano. Apply
■ 1402 Valencia st. " ' '■' ■•"
3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS: PLEASANTLY
situated in rear 1615 Grove at.; rent $8.
SU N NY COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
. O large basement: yard. Cor. Dolores and 16th.
C» 7 COTTAGE IN THE MISSION: 4 ROOMS;
*3P I . 2 blocks from cars. 360 Jessie st.
pOTTAGE WITH STABLE— 9 BOOMS AND
V.' bath: rent $20. 520 Noes-.
~~ FURNISHED FLATS.
- SU^NY HANDSOMELY F^J^IS^HKIoFIiOOB
0 of 4 rooms, bath, etc : suitable for family or
physician: reasonable. 913 Polk, near Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
TnTH ~m c a ll?ste"iC~ stT^fla t OF 7
* Iv'li) rooms; modern improvements: good
yard; $22 50.
4 AND D ROOMS: BATH; $11, $12, $13:
electric lines. 4585 Eighteenth St.
Till FILBERT— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS
1111 and bath; $13. ,
SUNNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post.
PPER AND LOWER FLATS, 5 ROOMS
U each; yard, cellar. • 6 Antonio St., Off Jones,
near O'Farrell.
QUNNYFLAT. 5 ROOMS AND BATH, PART-
-0 ly furnished, 1206 Vi Jackson su Call 11 a. m.
to 4 P. Sl
99"; tehama-a MODERN FLAT of 6
Kj^dKJ rooms; rent reduced; water free.
QQ UPPER FLAT, 3 ROOMS; ALSO LOWER
•iff)*/, flat, 3 rooms and bath. 418 Fulton st.
8 HOWARD COURT, NR. FOURTH— UPPER
floor 6 sunny rooms, $14; lower 4 rooms, $13.
1 907 steinerTnear sutter— LOWEß
; -I*- /^-'' flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
Ql O 3 LARGE 800 YARD. 409 THIR.
0 !■«-»• teenth st., above Valencia.
J99 PAGE— LOWER FLAT, 6 FINE SUNNY
•ii— rooms; yard; modern Improvements ; fur-
nished or unfurnished.
UPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 1625%
Pine st., above Van Ness aye.
lOWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
J side of street; rent 99 a month. 416 Ringold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
79f «1 MCALLISTER — FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
• —Us modern improvements: rent reduced.
WASTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
»» flats: special terms; 910 up. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market su
WE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN <& HAM-
MOND. 10 Montgomery st.
LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 98 to $16.
* *ATEiiK-S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
-A WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Bush Street. ""
/>9r BUSH— 2 NICELY Ft KNISHED BOOMS
\J—O for housekpg; also 1 room for 2 gentlemen.
"1 41 O BUSH-LARGE ALCOVE: PLEASANT
XrtXO home; private f ami y: reasonable; refnes.
Buchanan Street.
101 7 BUCHANAN— 3 SUNNY UNFUR-
X \J±. I nished rooms and bath, for honselceeping i
California Street.
OXqi CALIFORNIA-S ELEGANTLY FUR-
— *JOL nished rooms and baths for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
Clay Street.
IN A PRIVATE HOME: 8 OR 9 ROOMS PART-
Iy furnished or unfurnished for housekeeping at
reasonable terms: separate entrance. Inquire at
162 ) Clay st., 1 to 3 p. M.
1 tidy Street. •
"I OAA EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
X— v keeping: also sunny rooms. ■
017 EDDY— NICKLY FURNISHED house-
"ll keeping rooms; splendid location; private.
. Ellis Mreei.
CAQ ELLIS— SUNNY FRCNT ROOM: FUR-
<JvJiJ nished complete for housekeeping: $10.
f".Q9 ELLIS — 4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
•JO-, rooms with bath.
Fifth Street.
4901 FIFTH — SUNNY BEDROOM AND
tt— uj kitchen; furnished complete for bouse-
keeplng: water in the kitchen.
Fillmore Street.
01* "I A 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
IU. ing rooms. 2208% Fillmore St., nr. Clay.
I Folsoiu Street.
PL "CO FOLSOM- 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
tJtJvJ for housekeeping ; range, hot and cold water.
070 FOLSOM — NICELY FURNISHED
vJ I «J housekeeping rooms.
14.11 FOLSOM— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
J-trii floor; 3 or 4 rooms; complete for house-
keeping. .-;
Franklin Street.
4] C FRANKLIN — FURNISHED ROOM;
rtxu large closet; gas; running water; bath;
rent 98.
499 FRANKLIN— SUNNY NICELY FUR-'
A^-i nished rooms for housekeeping.
beary St ccc.
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED
—X I 2 housekeeping room; rent 97; key at 217.
1 497 GEARY — SECOND STORY; FKONT
Xrr^i I and back parlor; unfurnished; kitchen;
pas: range; ref-rences.
Harriet Street. :
" 9Q HARRIET — FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
— O housekeeping. .. .
Harrison Street.
9R97 HARRIBON-2 ROOMS, ?6: 4 ROOMS,
_U— 1 $8; furnished or unfurnished for house-
keeping. k .
i Howard Street.
HO 11 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
4 Ula bay-window suite with kitchen ; others rea-
sonable.
1 C\l(\ HOWARD-! .NEATLY" FURNISHED
X\J I V rooms lor housekeeping: bath; $9.
IHI Q HOWARD —"NICELY FURNISHED
-I vrjLCJ, rooms, suites or single,' for housekeeping-
rent reasonable. '
3OR 4 BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING*
cheap. 1806 Howard su _*
£>aßkie Street.
Oe)O LAKKIN-3 ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
O— U keeping apartments; single room.
McAllister Street.
A A MCALLISTER — FRONT SUNNY AND
ttU housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
COO MCALLISTER— SUNNY parlor AND
<JOO upper floor: . nicely furnished, complete for
housekeeping; reasonable. - .
./1 11111.1 street.
Q/IQI MINNA— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOB
OrxOs housekeeping
MIN.VA— 2 ADJOINING ROOMS FOR
housekeeping; front; .separate entrance.
3i lo >>. 011 Mreei.
OQQ -MISSION— I.ARGE~ BOOMS, EVERY-
OOO thine Jurnished, $8; also housekeeping
basement, $8. .-'.-■.■■-..:--.
OOQ MISSION — LARGE SUNNY BASE-
-000 mem, $9; also well-furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, 98. . . ;:'■ . . . :
-I or I MISSION, COR. NINTH— NUMBER
■L— iJX' of housekeeping rooms;: from 96 to 915.
' Octavia Street.
1 10*} OCTAVIA. CORNER GEARY-SUNNY
I •xv/O housekeeping rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished. . . . •
Pearl Street.
0 PEARL ST., COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTA-
»> via— 2 or 3 sunny corner rooms, well furnished
for "housekeeping; water and sink.
Perry Street. ~
91 Ql PERRY— SUNNY UNFURNISHED
£i-O% front housekeeping rooms; rent $7. . , .
: Polk Street.' :
-1 91 Q POLK, NEAK SUTTER — UNFUR-
-1 JjXt) nished double parlors and kitchen. .■■- -
' Seventh Street. '
•I 9' SEVENTH— SUNNY FRONT SUITES;
X •!■_ also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
""™™"*' ! Silver Street. """*"
"I nr SILVER, NEAR FOURTH-? FUR-
J.UU nished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
.-ixth Sreet.
9QI SIXTH— NICE SUNNY HOUSEKEKP-
~Ua Ing and single rooms. . .
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
South Park.
AQ SOUTH PARK- PAR LOR "FLOOR*. 2 OR 8
tiO rooms: rent $20; light housekeeping.
Stevenson Street.
4f)9 STEVENSON, CORNER FIFTH— FUR-
ttUO nished rooms for housekeeping.
Third Street.
DO A THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
»»J^ keeping rooms; water free: rent 96 and 97.
Turk Street.
K/jC TURK, NEAR POLK— 2 OR 3 NICELY
U*±*J furnished rooms; bath; stationary wash-
stand: housekeeping or single.
Valencia Street.
90 R VALENCIA— 2 BAY-WINDOW ROOMS
««U furnished for housekeeping; water; bath;
gas: 914. ___^___^
ROOMS TO LET.
Brannan Street.
CO- BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH-SUNNY
I _U kitchen and bedroom, furnished; $7.
li.«Uly Place.
TT'URNISHED ROOMS TO RESPECTABLE
-T parties only. 204 Kddy St., '-'o rear door.
1-Jtl'<l> Street.
QHERMAS APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 Bt., near Market furnished and unfurnished.
"I f\Q EIGHTH— SUNNY BEDROOM AND
I UP kitchen $12; other rooms 96.
Skill* Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot A cold water.
Fe!l Street.
qqA FELL— NfCE LARGE FRONT OR MID-
OOU die room; reasonable.
<L»eary >ireei.
ni 0 GEARY— LARGE, FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
—XO able for business. Key 217.
/<nr GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM,
U— O suitable for one or two gentleman.
791 GEARY— LARGE HANDSOMELY fur-
I — J. nished alcove room ; suitable for gentleman.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
J. handsomely furnished suites, sine!' rooms, 910
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
(.!•<> \ .• Street.
1 H?\ GROVE— NICELY FUKNISHED LARGE
J-U«J front rooms; $7 and $8. ■
Howard Street.
1 <-)&A HOWARD-LARGE SUNNY, BAY-
x — U*l window room, with prate; suitable for
one or two; also single room, $5; every conveni-
ence.
■lanes Street.
907 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: • NEW
— U I aanacement: elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.; 810 to S.SU.
—earny Street.
A BLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
A ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first claat
111 every respect : terms reasonable.
Lent en worth Street.
91 n LEAVENWORTH— ELEGANT FKONT
«1" and back par.or for two gentlemen; cheap ;
private family.
Linden Avenue.
OQ_ LINDEN AVK.-3 NICE SNUG ROOMS;
-"t planked yard; water: rent reasonable.
Natoma Street.
CD 7 NATOMA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
•JIM housekeeping, $10; also 3 unfurnished, $12.
JUlkct :».; .
VOSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
-I night, 35c to $1; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, BET. MA-
son and Taylor: sunny furnished room: 95.
Minna 'tree..
Car] MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
UU I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
Mission Mreei.
n-l q MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
U-LD rooms: 15c to 60c per night: $1 t0 92 week.
UROPE iIOUMK, 1169 MISSION— NICKLY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients. '■
■1 990 MISSION — ONE OR TWO LARGE !
1 ___ furnished rooms for light housekeeping. I
i Ninth street. "
1 9£l HOUSEKEEPING AND BIN-
-L—U2 gle rooms, $4 to 96 per month; children
boarded. . . .
. o'i-'arrell street.
f»9l O'FARRELL- ELEGANTLY FUR-
U— X nished suits and single rooms In handsome
private residence.
Pine Street.
"I PINE, NR. STOCKTON— SINGLE AND
Ull double room; running water; 95 and $7.
£9-1 PINE— ROOMS IN SUITE OR SINGLE:
U_X $6 up: grate; gas: running water.
O LET— FURNISHED ROOM NW. CORNER
Pine and Dupont sts.
Polk street.
1 13Q POLK— HELENS BUILDING—
XJ •»O Furnished and unfurnished sunny front
rooms: rent low.
I owell Street.
(i(\C*. POWELL— RIGHT IN TOWN; LARGE
UUU front room; suitable for 2 men.
seventh Street.
m SEVENTH— SUITE OF BOOMS
with or without use of kitchen. -
MxiliS reo:.
AA C SIXTH — SUNNY DOUBLE BOOMS;
rt\JO running water; bath; large garden.
South Park.
9c SOUTH PARK— FURNISHED BCJN-
— O ny bay-window rooms; 910.
Stevenson Street.
/lOC ST EVEN6ON, NR. FIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
•J— enlarge rooms; yard; basement; first floor.
Stockton -street.
A "I 7 STOCKTON-FURNISHED ROOM AND
ill .kitchen $12; single room 95; sun.
1914 STOCKTON— FRONT ROOMS;
XiJX^L single: enßul;e;alsodoctor'soffice;cheap.
• Taylor Street.
IAQ TAYLOR- SUNNY LARGE BOOMS;
XKJO closet, water; 92 a week; double parlors,
cheap. . ■ .
1 AQ TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
X^rt/ ny front rooms: hot water; bath.
41 0 TAYLOR-ONE NICE BACK PARLOR;
ztXKJ bed lounge; 98.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET - LARGE
sonny rooms; housekeeping or board.
•lurk Street.
1 1 CX TURK-BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE;
XXU newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional.
-I 90 TURK-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
X— O room; first floor.
Valencia Street
104 1 VALENCIA-SUNNY SUITE AND
XxmOz single rooms: board if desired: bath.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
P.nf* CHESTNUT ST.-TWO NICE SUNNY
O_U front rooms; with or without board; wash-
ing done. . I
ROOM AND BOARD IN PRIVATE FAMILY*
reasonable. Address S., box 18, (rail Office.
719 POST-ROOM AND BOARD AND NICE
1 1— large room for two young men, 920 a
month; board without room, $16; good home cook-
Ing. -•■■:■.-.
SUNNY FRONT PARLOR- FOR 8. WITH
kj good board, $45: sunny back parlor for 2 $40:
single room for student, $18. 616 Taylor st.
/ IOUGH ST., NKARSUTTKR— NICELY FUR-
* ' nished large room; eon all day; suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen or man and wife; board optional*
German family. • Address Reasonable, box 113,
('all Office.
Q9C HYDE-QUIET AND HOMELIKE SUN-
t/_ ny suites with first-class board. MRS. T
W. BROTHKRTON. .■■-"" «~»™. vino. -V
A7l A CLAY-SUNNY SUITE OF BOOMS
I illJ newly furnished, with board.
V-ICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
Xl passed for neatness and comfort; 60c, 75c and
$1 per day: $2, $2 6a 93 per week and up; 98 to
$30 mo. Hackmelers Hotel. GKO. GRUENIG, Pr.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY- 94 60
week. $16 a month, at Hack meter's Hotel.
ACKMKIKR'S HOTEL. 123-129 EDDY ST •
new. management: GEORGE GRUENIG prr>
■.rletor: board and room 96 and 96 a week and up.
OTKL BKRTLING, 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
fin conv*»nlpnrp-<. . . . .
. .;.■:.; STORES TO LET.
S"~H7}W^wTNI)OW~A~Nr> : ~VA~RTCoF r 'BTQKKi
showcase and fixtures if desired. 225 Kearny.
/COTTAGE OR BRANCH BAKERY TO LET*
\J cheap; $11. Twentieth St., near Castro.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
personates.
pAUTION— I. WILL NOT BE "kESPONSIBLE
\J for any debts contracted In my name without a
written order. JAMES U'DvvYEK.
OLD ENGLISH CLOCK— ONE OF • THOSE
rare old English hall clocks, dating back to
ure-Revolutlonary times, is to be seen at 51 1 A
Louisa su, between Third and Fourth, Folsom and
Harrison. It is in an excellent state of preserva-
tion, beeps good time and would be very suitable
for a college or academy; will be disposed of at a
reasonable price. ■ ■ • ■ .
UPTURE— ALL persons interested
in the painless and positive cure of ruptures
address with stamp, lock box 2112, San Francisco,
Cal. . , % . . ■
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
A can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings,
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE 'AWS A SPE-
cially; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
PICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
inches. 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c: 11x14 and
12x16, 20c; 14x17, 25c; 16x20. 30c: 18x22, 35c;
20x24, 45c: 22x'28, 60c. JONES, 547 Mission st.
AIRSTORE, 108 POWELL— REMOVAL
sale: everything to be sold below cost. MISS
A. V. DOYLE will remove to 119 a Powell st.
LECTRIC LIG»TB IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ONOLTE PAYS CASH FOR OLD GOLD.
. 222 O'Farrell st. ;
AZOR FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge on razor, 25c. Exchange, 630 Market st.
KTBOZYNSKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ARTINGTON.S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
DB. DUCKETT, 1703 PO*T ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
AIR DRESSED, WAVED, FACE MADE UP,
25c; shampoo, 25c: manicure, -25c; lessons
given: face preparations. MRS. BUTLER, 131 Post.
LOW PRICE — 25c FOR HAIRDRESSING
does not mean inferior work in my case; I
have the very best artists in the city in my em-
ploy ana 1 give the most satisfactory and up-to-
date service. G. LED ERE R, 111 Stockton st.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
\J Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JaUSSAUD.
G* I A KUUM; < a ivl-i 1-- CLEANED OS THE
•Up X floor. " 206 Leavenworth st.
IMG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
Xf ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busl-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market sU
MAUD-TUE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
■"J. Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter su, phone main 49. SAM.
DR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldi;,r. 2,tel.main 6477.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash *. cures scalp diseases: take no other.
CHEAPEST AND BKST; OKT OUR FIGURES
J for paper-banging and painting. Co-operative
l'apor-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister
Ol^D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought- COLMAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
rpHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 6c: dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 26c; feathers curled 5c
1 j inn CARDS, $160: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
1 >UU tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
dry, etc: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
VJ infra" cost. Facto— . 20 Kannnrn* «t.. iinstnlr*
DRESSMAKERS.
BRADLEY, 410 TAYLOR-ELEGANT. STY-
llsh dresses made; 95 up; dresses made over.
D ""BESSES $2 UP* WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
XJ lawn $1 up. 506% Natoma st., above Sixth.
musical INSTRUMENTS.
OHMER, STECK. STEINWAY. stath AM
second-hand upright scbeap. 106 McAllister.
Q9nn NEW FIRST-CLASS UPRIGHT ON
UU. 95 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
LADY' HERE FROM LOS ANGELES AND
going East in a few days, in need of funds,
must sell her beautiful Hardman upright; has
magnificent tone like a grand piano: beautiful
case: perfect condition: a rare chance for any one
appreciating a very superior instrument. Room
10, Flood building, Fourth and Market sts.
NNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
pianos and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
■\f AGNIFICENT BTECK PIANO, FINE CON-
-IVL ditlon, will be sacrificed at once. Boom 21,
809 Market st. ;. ,
STEINWAY; MUST BE DISPOSED
\J of at once. Room 10. 809 Marie et su
JMNE UPRIGHT PIANO FOB SALE CHEAP;
first class: Eastern manufactured; can be seen
at 801 l.eavenwortb St., cor. Sutter; no reasonable
i cash offer refused. *
j ' OHERMAN, CLAY A CO,, STEINWAY REP-
j O resematives, show the largest assortment of
] pianos and organs In the West: all grades and
j prices; easy monthly payments: every guar* |
I an teed as represented. Kearny and Suiter.
I IJKFORE BUYING SEE HAINKBBOS.', BUSH
X* & Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT &. CO.. 324 Post st.
BIGGEST BAP.GAIN EVER OFFERED FOB
Steinway nprigi.t; perfect. 13.'9 Folgom st.
A SHAW, 9575: STEINWAY, 9216; SQUARE,
B'>'s; rented 92 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
CjlQ^ EASTERN UPRIGHT 8-STRINGKD
LOO. Weber; $350. BRUENN, 228 Post su
C?q*-. PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. bCHMITZ,
<£!OO* 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; investigate these prices and be con-
■ vinced; the new seven-bar autoharpsU; the. five-
i bar autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin 96 25; the winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, 947 '>0;
elegant new upright pianos In any style case, wal-
i nut, mahogany, oak, 9187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY BCOTT, 829 Market sl, Spreck-
-1 el's building.
I A RUIVKD— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDKRS. 82 Ninth st.
WM. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM L
first floor; sole agents Haliet & Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments.
C'ONOVER PIANO: AS OOOD AS NEW-
i great sacrifice. Tbtt F. W. bi' JiNCKH COM-
PA NY. »38 Post sU
CtHICKERING.KNABF-. STKCK.VOSK. STKR-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano "or $187; pianos
•or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'FarreU.
fflj I 7 C CASH OR INSTALLMENT!-): WEBER
•J 1 I k). upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMEK,
Newby & Evans, Bi-lggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD & NEW
H. MIJLLER. maker, repßiriT. 2 Latham place.
'-~^^.^~ - EDUCATIONAL,. ~~"
PREP^ING^PUPILSYO^^XA^INATIOX'
X , a specialty; private- terms low. E., box 8,
Call office.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Mare b1d.,r.37.
PaNISH, FRENCH, -.MODERATE.
OAlelsterschaft School Languages, 122 CFarrell s:
RB. MKLVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
Nutter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution-
dramatic elocution a specialty ; vocal Shakspearean
classes; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte, etc Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 p. v.; 91 per month.
\7OiCE-BUILDING, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
,T Ing. LEO COOPKR, 814 Geary st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
AY RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc; lite
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
TTOOKKPNO, WRITNO, ABITHMTC.GRAMR."
I) day night; no classes; 95 month. 825 Mission.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANCf~AN VOCaT,
VJ lessons: 93 ma MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
15 OOK KEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
Xf better than In any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 Mku
ELABCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
JJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING. MB-
j O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture.
assay; tstab. '64. VAN DKR NAILLEN, 7i.'3M.ks.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POSTST"
Bookkeeping, businew practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught, Write for catalogue.
10HTBCHOOL;llKALDSBLS.CoLLfc.UK-2l
Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low ra'e*
"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; KKA-
yonabli». PROF. FRANCIS. 10461^, \Ali>nC'^
OFFICES : TO / LET. ~~~~
DKSK ROOM IN A PLEASANT SUNNY OF-
. fice In the Crocker building, with services of a
competent stenographer. Address Business, box
78. Call Office. _ ■: .:£3dSE*S3MM_M
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
Vj Offlcps 910 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, beat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM. ; '™°
SPRF.CKELS BUILDING, 927 • MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices. 912 50 up : electric-light-
heating and Janitor service free. Apply at'buildln*
or (i.H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOTEL TO LET.
OTEL TO LET-THE WILHELM TELL
House, 317-319 Bush st.; this well-known ho-
tel is thoroughly.: renovated, considerably im-
proved and compares with the best second-class
hotel 111 this town.: MADISON <fe BURKH.
PHYSICIANS. ~~
EMbTKD^DR. d C. O'DONNKLIVto' 1206
XX Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. ,. .-■
FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum,. 1051 1 Market I st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment*
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. ■ ■ • -
CITY RE AL ATE .
r^TuMBaEN < <6 CO. -~v«^~~^,
. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
r :-,', 14 Montgomery St., near Market.
IMPROVED PROPERTIES JUST RECEIVED.
GREENWICH ST., NEAR MASON.
•U/f^nn 2 FLATS OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS
O\J\J. each: bay-windows, brick founda-
tions, etc.; rent $35 per month.
CHEAP HOME ON GREENWICH ST.
<JJ.f)/-\nn 2-STORY HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS IN
(2p_UUU« good order; through to small street
in the rear.
BUSH-ST. RESIDENCE; CENTRAL LOCA-
<CJ Qhnn 2-story house of 7 rooms
<3)oUUU. and bath; 27:6x100.
CLAY-STREET PROPERTY.
(j.7"nn 2 bay-window HOUSES on
«Jp I «JV/U. Clay street: choice location: 8 rooms
and bath: bay-windows: brick foundation; rent
$63 per month; 37:6 feet frontage; must, be sold;
make an offer. '"___,'.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
*Jc^nfl - NICK COTTAGE of 6 ROOMS
tJhOOUU. and bath; lot 30x112:6: choicest lo-
cation.
PIERCE-STREET PROPERTY.
<2l '-{Q AH 3 TENEMENTS ON PIERCE ST.,
(jpOOUU. near Eddy; 25x90; must bo sold;
make an offer. . •
PAGE-STREET FLATS. h^M
<Si r 7f\nf\ 3 NICE FLATS OF 5, 6 AND 6
»4P 4 UUU. rooms and bath each; bay-windows;
brick foundation; rent 965 per month.
SCOTT-STREET INVESTMENT.
C«7nnn 2 TWO-sTORY HOUSES OF 7
»Jp I UUU. rooms and bath; choice location:
brick foundation, etc. ; renting low at $600 per an-
num.
TENEMENTS NR. 6TH AND HARRISON.
;.i'.'||il SUBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENTS:
•TDOUU. street work all done; lent $70 per
month. - •
CORNER RESIDENCE IN THE WARM BELT
OF THE MISSION.
<Bi7^nrt CONTAINS 9 ROOMS AND BATH;
tjp I -JUU. brick foundation: fine view; bay-
window: 50x95; this is an excellent bargain.
BUSINESS CORNER.
•5!: tZZ\flf\ NICK ER LN THE MISSION;
«IT«JOUU. 35x75, with Improvements: renting
low at 9300 per month: building can be converted
Into store, and Is admirably located for a grocery,
butcher-shop, bakery, etc.
TURK-STRFET INVESTMENT.
>3!*^ 000 CORNER ON TURK ST.; 60-
-«4pO«J.UUU. vara and improvements- rent
9167 60 net.
RINCON HIL.L.
i3Q|9" CHOICE INVESTMENT OF 3
tSiO-x^O. flats of 3 rooms each; renting low
at $30 per month; 25x70.
RICHMOND LOT.
$950. 2 4 L u ioo AV !l_f EAR LAKE sr -:
*JP«7«JU. 25x100.
NATOMA-ST. FLATS.
1 ".Oft >'ATOMA ST., NEAR 11TH- 2
I iJVJU. fiats of 5 ana 4 rooms and bath each;
bay-windows: brick foundation; stone walks*
street accepted ; rent $38 per month; morteaee of
$2000 can remain.
WALLER ST.. NEAR FILLMORE.
T 0T52-%87:6; BARGAIN.
OWNER GOING EAST.
<%90^0 « Al \ ( l AI ?i •* *ay -window
ij-uy". flats of 6 and 4 rooms and bath each-
rent $23; 25x114; part cash; sunny line of Clip-
per st.
SACRAMENTO-ST. LOi.
C'.i|||||| NEAR DKVIBADEROST.; 26x132-
-<3>Ov"*J' '• street work all done; cable-cars pass
the property.
MISSION LOTS.
rTUVKNTY-FIRHT ST.. NEAR SANCHEZ; 3
1 lots 25x114 each; 9850 per lot.
INVESTMENT ON NATOMA BTRF.ET.
CjQOXn RENT $60 PER MONTH; 3 BUB-
£7— UU. itantlal 2 -story houses; lot 60x75.
PARK LOT,
CtSJT^fl PAGE ST.; 25x100; CHEAP.
«jp_ i uu.
BARGAIN ON FILLMORE STREET.
o* -VinO 2-STORY HOUSK AND 2 COT-
*J)-JUUU. tages; rent $44 60 per month; 48
x 8 1:6.
SAN JOSE-AVK. FLATS.
It 4 r \oC\ 3 FLATs * O}r6 ' 5 AND 6 ROOMS
K?~iO\J\J. and bath each; bay-windows; brick
foundation ; stone walks; rent 945 per month.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records."
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
par m of the city.
G. H. UMB-^EiN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
millXK IT OVER. ~~~ ~ "
1 Suppose you go out to-day and see the lots on
Eleventh and Twelfth ayes., bet. Lake and
California sts., that we are selling very fast
for $700 on terms, of *50 cash and 910
monthly ailments. You will find the lots
perfectly levi I, . all the street work done, Se-
cluding grading, sewering and macadamiz-
ing. Water pipes laid. Alter seeing the prop-
erty it might be well to compare our prices
with those of other property in the neighbor-
hood and think over the advisability of buy-
Ing. Don't think too long, as the lots, are go-
ing at the rate of one aday. Only 17 left.
BALDWIN 4 HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
©1 (\fi(\ NEW pretty 4-ROOM bay-
XuxJyJ. window; cottage; bath, pantry and
basement; brick foundation; 1 minute from Mls-
slon-st. cars; small cash payment, balance same
as rent. . • •
Lots $400 and up.
$10 per month; no Interest.
Housed built from 9600 up.
House and lot from $1000.
Sold on monthly payments.
4 houses now bein - built.
Lots 100; best for the price In the city.
Come to 3900 Mission st., opp. St. Mary's College.
PACIFIC HKIOHTS-THREE NEW 12-ROOM
X houses. 2847, 2849 and 2551 Fill more st_, 8. of
Green: all modern improvements; reception-hall
parlors, dining, chamber and billiard-rooms tinted
and decorated: furnace beat; all rooms and closets
lighted by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view: good investment.
Ij*Oß SALE— ELEGANT 12-IIOOM HOUSE,
X' done by day's work; salon parlors; reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden •
stone walks: view Golden Gate Park. 1917 Oak.
CC. BEMIH, '. ■■ , ■■■■:• .-. .;.-,. • -
• REAL estate and LAND agent,
.. 324 MONTGOMERY st.
FOR SALE.
2 6'xr00 O Jeer nyiln "- »* cart «*
9450— >an Carlos Villa lot: 100x160 feet-
s67oo-60x127:6 feet on Jackson at, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. ' ovenool -
-♦6OOO-2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
pars:: 25x137 :6 feet: electric road pacses houses-
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed bouse on Harrison at.
! bet. First ana Fremont. - ■
$8500— Klegant NW, corner of Cole and Cart sts.
9.loo— Choice building lots north of park
In Oakland-14(jx350. SW. cor. 19th aye. and
25th St.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and car-
riage-house; all In good condition; must be sold*
make offer. • '
A^ D >-' 7 -' 6s 2 LOTS ON LOMBARD
«4P*J IfJ and 27th sts. : terms easy. 1128 Vallejo.
<B» Q7 £ C ASH .BALANCE EASY PAYMENTS-
I V new bay-window cottage; modern Im-
provements; lot 25x100; South Broderlck st near
HalghU . Apply 1330 Mission st. "**""** w " Pear
6( C ! OT FRONT IN WESTERN
»J)_OUU. Addition: Improved; rent* 924 r*>r
month. ASHTON 4 GARDNER, 411 Montgom-
ery St. : , ■ »•«"•
©07 AND $725: 2 LOTS ON LOMBARD
QO I O and 27th sts.; terms easy. 1128 Vallejo.
LOR SALE -ELEGANT 12-ROOM - HOUSE.
X lust completed, opp. Park; modern. 1917 Oak.
% 1 4^o : RAB v? CHANCE FOR A HOls>fj
tip I *±tJ"J. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot
60x50, Holly Park: small payments same as r«nt.
CADKNA.-SO & CO., 612 Montgomery st.
SW. COR. FOLSOM AND 2 1 ST " STS.: 95x90
«,„ ft.; will ■ subdivide; cheap for cash: also SW.
20th and Treat ay. ; 26x110 ft. lnq. 1205 Market!
*^1 SOO COTTAGE; 3 BOOMS: LOT 60x135:
«4J)J.OUU. in Berkeley, near station: payments
easy. . .- . ■
Cottage; S rooms; lot 76x125.
$1000— Handsome - ■ corner; 100x100- «15
monthly. ■ . v" • "
$200— Lot 25x135; $10 down; 95 monthly '
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
ffljOA PER LOT, 26x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD~
f^^.\J 6% miles from Palace Hotel: patent title-
I S. P. R. 11. shore line will cross tract, make it busi-
ness property: 15 minutes distant: some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract 91 A.
WHEKLER, 331 Montgomery st., ro.>m 10.
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS.
bath, basement and attic, . built for $2500*
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates!
Call and see plans. J. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
<tfc 1 0 000 RT GAGE~OF~9SOOO CAN
tJDJ-U.UUU. remain; house and lot, 30xi(8-9-
-406 and 408 Pacific St., Apply to MADISON &
BURKE. '■ " ' ' -
CIHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
/ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in The
"united States or Canada one year for 91 50 post-
age free. ' *~""^
:■■'.. i'V-J •. PROPOSALS.
"PROPOSALS FOB! RAISING AND " KV-
-Liarging a school ; building, for heating and
ventilating a school building, . for building a
concrete bulkhead and for constructing water
closets.— Sealed proposals will be received by the
superintendent of Common Schools, in opeti ses-
sion of . the Board of Education, new City Hall
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, May 18 1888
at 8:30 o'clock P. jr., lor raising and enlarging me
Bernal Heights Primary School building, for heat-
ing and ventilating said building; for reconstruct-
ing a concrete bulkhead at the North Cosmopoli-
tan" Grammar School, .and 1 constructing water
closets at the Columb a Grammar and Harrison
Primary schools, In accordance with plans and
specifications (and conditions named therein) at
the orUceof CH AKLKS I. HAVKNS, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets.'- The board reserves the right
to reject any or ail bids as the public good may re-
quire. ; .-.;: ; GEOBGK BKANSTON, Secretary -
city REAL ESTATE.
'farrell _ co., •" ~ """■" ' " V ~"
real ESTATE AGENTS. house brok-
ers AND AUCTIONEKRS. . .
11 MONTGOMERY street.
©£-;a/-i four nearly* new FLATS ON
<ITV.»«JU"J. Fillmore st. through to small street;
two fronts; rents (80; a fine investment.
/lOXfk BRODERICK-ST. FLATS: 5 AND
O i — OXJ. 4 rooms and bath: rents 935 per
month; always occupied.
<21 A"A ALABAMA ST.. NEAR 25TH:
■aP-Ll/civ/. level lot ready for building; short
walk from cable cars. •
ffljCCnrj' MAKE AN OFFER: BRODERICK
t~)uO\J\). St., near Hayes: two flats of 5 and 4
rooms and bath; lot 25x112:6; street accepted.
•_/lF\nn A BARGAIN; CORNER IN PARK
.tO\J\Jm panhandle; 31:5x100: this Is the
cheapest lot in the Western Addition; an ideal site
for an elegant residence.
<St7Ci(\h three FLATS A SHORT DIB-
-t^ I UUU. tance from Golden Gate Park, new;
rented tor $35 60 per month : line view and sunny.
©11 f\(\(\ SCOTT. ST.. NEAR HEIGHT:
tJIII.UUU. 3 flats of 6. 6 and 5 rooms and
bath: street accepted; rents for 77 BO per luonth;
alwayN rented.
mjOOXA COTTAGE ON SECOND AYE.,
ifpOZtOKJ. near California; 5 rooms and bath ;
cheap at 94000.
<2*(±OZ>(\ WASHINGTON ST., NEAR
(jpUwiJU. Scott; 7 rooms and bath; 27:6 feet
front. . . -
OtqnnA NATOMA ST., NEAR 7TH: 2-
«JPOV/UU. story house of 7 rooms; lot 25x75.
©JOnn RIDLEY ST., NEAR 14TH; A
tlpiUl'U. short walk from Market St.; cot-,
tage of 6 rooms and bath; a big bargain.
O'FAKRELL «fe CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
ffl;-| PER WEEK: FRUITVALE TKRMINaL
tjpX tract: lotstlOO. McCART - V CO.. 646 MkU
COUNTRY SEAL TESTATE.
© I Cnriif \ A HOME RANCH 2 y a MILES
«{pOUV/v. from Santa Rosa; 56 acres, including
6-room cottage, bard finish, and furniture; barn
and farm implements, windmill and tank; 3
horses, 1 cow, chickens, etc : Intending purchasers
only will please apply to MR. C. STAHL, grocer,
cor. Fourth and Wilson sts., Santa Rosa, who will
furnish free transportation to the ranch. Further
information may be obtained at 2914 California
St., San Francisco, between 0 and 8 p. H-
ANTED— TO RENT OR LEASE FOR A
number of years. 2 or 3 acres of good ground;
must have plenty of water, and small dwelling at
tached. Address CHARLES F. FICK, 3 Bowie aye
Q99OH SO ACRES FINE FRUIT LAND,
t]P— — UU. 2% miles from Napa.
?'JBoo— lmproved fruit ranch near Marlines of
30 acres.
$1000— 20 acres near Santa Rosa; 6-room house
and barn; fruit and vines.
CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st.
ANCH OF ;87 ACRES; MODERN HOUSE
of 8 rooms, barns and otner buildings: 15 acres
in Bartlett pears bearing; no Injury from frost;
rest in grain and potatoes; 24 miles from San
Francisco: % mile from depot: will sell 234 acres;
plenty water; 4 horses and tools; 100 chickens
Apply EASTON, ELDKIDOE&CO.
orange LANDS. " ~"
RANGE lands.
BARGAIN PRICEa
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a good investment: It will cost
yon unimproved »700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance In five annual
payments: no interest; the trees planted on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns.
We have an experienced horticulturist In charge
of the colony who will care for non- resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particular-!, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EABTON. ELDRIDG- _ CO.,
_ • _ ,„„„ 638 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
A "IN COUNTY— . ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
' Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land : no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; (40 to 875 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. ■
CjQ AN ACRE: 320 ACRES, HOUSE.
tjpKJ feuces, fertile soil, living water, plenty of
wood: crops never fall; good for stock, grain,
fruit, poultry, etc.: terms easy; no snow; no
cLllls. M. A. GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot-
tonwcod, Shasta County, Cal.
<JJ»iJ7X 10 ackks sandy LOAM soil all
<DVJ 10. planted to trees; 2 and 3 year old al-
monds of the best variety ; in the eastern fruit belt.
Contra Costa County; terms easy. . Apply to
FRANK M. WILLS, Antloch. Cal.
lint -ACRES OR ANY PORTION: 2 HOURS'
J \jyj drive from city: suitable for raising vege-
tables, chickens or flowers; plenty of water at a
depth of 7 feet: price 100 per acre. ASHTON _
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
ACRES GARDEN LAND IN ROSS VALLEY,
orchard and running stream -old improvements-
-3000. Address J. TUN-sTEAD, ban Rafael.
CHEAP— ACRE LAND, HOUSE AND'lM-
provements. Inquire at 427 Hayes st.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOMTER A WHITTON. San Jose.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN Tjf-
JU proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc D. H. TU'IMi, Sonoma
Cl-.v. Inning 632 Market «U. S. F.
PROPERTY TO' EXCHANGE.
XAA fiOTS^FIROMVsO^fo 920,000 -'
«-»" i\J 20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0.. 910.000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 30 000
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda. $1000 to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from $200 to 3,000
Mlllinery-store in coun.ry town 1800
4 flats, lot 50x114. 6,000
1 good lot In city 150
2 lots. Ocean View, 50x125 ...;. 600
what HAVE you to offer t
I SELL AND exchange i — '■ —
All kinds of properly. ■
H. C. DKCKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth
FOR EXCHANGE, EAST~OAKLAND PROP-
-T erty all improved in lots for a lodging-bouse In
good business part of the city, from 60 to 100
rooms or more. Inquire of W. H. G., 1 169 Mission.
/~1 ROCKRY-STORK FOII SALE OR* EX-
VJ" chang% for city property. Apply 499 Hatght.
1 9fiH ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 — <~' ' water; fine for cattle-ralslng.N..bx.l6.CaU
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT: 18T^D^r 3D MORToXg_3T
x— estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ONEY LOANKi) ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security . Loan Office,
1 OB Market st.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
C, HICKOK _ CO., 873% MARKET BT.,
• loans money at lowest rates. ' ■ -.v
ORTGAGKS, LOANS ON COLLATE KA IS;
low rates. Sylvain Saloman _ C 0.,328 Montgy
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OB PIANO;
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
Cjl fi(\f\ TO WOOO TO LOAN ON REAL
tp 1 UUU estate on Installments. Address Prin-
cipal, box 74, Call office. :■ ' . ■ . ■
<_1 (\(\ (\(\l\ TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
UU.UUU . ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine. __^
UIG CAPITAL IN TRUST. AT 6 PKK CENT;
X ) the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st .
1 BT _ 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN E*
lutles:lowest rates: no deIay.MDRPHY,62»MrkU
■ A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWKLKY, KTO
■jt\ Columbia Loan it Collateral Ofticf. 9 Orant ay».
PAWNBROKERS.
At 138 jcTearn y"" ST., ROOM 9-MONBT
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: tut*
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal > cheap. '
_ MONEY WANTED. '■■_;_
WANTED $100: GOOD SECURITY; $2 PER
Tf month. M. J-, box 8. Call Office.
*;7:~- LEGAL NOTICES.
f^P^RTMENT "nOi^9, PROB ATE^IN^THE
U Superior Court in and tor the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California. - '
In the matter of the estate of J KAN LACOSTE,
deceased, No. 17,239-
Notice Is hereby given that FRIDAY, the 16th
day of May, A. D. 1896. at 10 o'clock a. m. of said
day, and - the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the New City ' Hall, In the City aud
County of San Francisco, Mate of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for. proving
the will of said JEAN LACOSTK, deceased, and
for < hearing the ' application of JEAN PIKRRK
TUEuPHIL- LACOSTK, for the Issuance to him
of letters testamentary thereon. ■ : ■- -  •
Datea April 30, A. D , 1896. ■
[s*bal] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By V. F. Nobthbop, Deputy Clerk.
P. ; ALEXANDRK BKRGKROT, attorney for
petitioner, rooms 142-143, Crocker building. San
Francisco. ... .:■'.':-• - •
ASSIGNEE'S SALE OF PERSON PROP-
.*— erty.
• : AT AUCTION.
-. I will Bell at auction on Wednesday, the 6th ; day
of May, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m., at the pottery of
A. STEIGER SONS in I insolvency, at South San
Francisco, San Mateo County, < alifornla, all sewer*
pipe.', terra cotta, material, . drainpipe, firebrick,
common brick, horses, wagons, carts, one 42-foot
pi>d river, etc. etc. ' I will also sell at auction on
May 11. 1896, at 2P. m., at the corner of Eighth
and Market ■ streets, (-an ' Francisco, Cal., terra-
cotta ware of said insolvents consisting of chimney-
tops, vases, cans, etc. • For further information see
list on bulletin board at the office of the 8. F. Board
of Trade, 202 Market st. ■ . ■ •
J. H. LYNDON, Assignee Of A. STEIGER
SONS In Insolvency. •'.-'•
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 908 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— A BEAUTIFUL3WACRE FRUIT
*• and poultry ranch, with compile stock; close
to Oak and; $2500; 8750 down. E. HILL. 34 Dono-
hoe building. San Francisco.
A TTENTION BUILDERS — PARTIES D&
-c*. siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
it to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention given to alteration* or repairs; plans aud
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. . ,
HTOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
XL-. ments equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tioh: 45 minutes to san Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done: sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvaie sta-
tion^ ■ - -. • . ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
(&OC furniture 4 rooms. H. St'HELL-
fjDOO. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh st- Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO • LET.
MARRIED CauT^uTcAN SEC i uIftE~PLEAS-
ant rooms with board in private family : Pied-
mont aye. X. Y. 8., box 2, Call Office, Oakland.
TtHREE, 4, 5, 6, 7 ROOMED HOUSES; $5 TO
-1*12; modern. CAPT. BADGER, 953 Seventh
aye.. Clinton station. - '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— -1435 PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
"L^OR SALE. ~~ " -~-~-~-~~~-~
A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
Two-story house: modern in every respect;' 9
rooms and bath: between broad and narrow gauge
stations; neighborhood best in Alameda: for sale
at bargain; terms easy; also new cottages on in-
stallments in desirable locations
W. H. HOOPER, real estate, 1329 Park st.
T7>OR ABKAUTItUL RESIDENCE; 2-
-1 story house— modern In every respect— of 9
rooms and bath; between broad and narrow gauge
stations; neighborhood best in Alameda; for sale
at a bargain; terms easy. Also new cottages on
Installments in desirable locations, W. H.
HOOPER, Real Estate, 1329 Park st.
FOR SALE— •■• -- '.
X 1 House H rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms. Grand st.: cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.
on lons time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, KLDRIDGE <fc CO.,
638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
C£l 7RA MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
fil • O\J. MODERN COTTAGE: per month.
) 1 4 O\J. and bath: 9100 cash, $20 per month,
No. 736.
$3600— NE. cor.: new; 6 rooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc: $250 cash, $30 a month. No. 735.
&3100— 9100 cash, $25 a month: fine 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new house: 8 rooms: must be
sold: »500 cash, $40 per month. -No. 671.
*2800— Snap: $150 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
$3600— New modern 2-story : 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda. :
H. P. MOREAL A CO., 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
VTEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
-Li rooms, juit completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park St.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: parlor enam-
eled in old Ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els In doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this bouse, as lam
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
H. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland. __.
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and --
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$150 cash; balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. ■ Address A. R. DEN KE, real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh St., Alameda.
ffl» 1 f\f\ TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY: NEW
«IP I UU 6 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, 001. etc : with larga
lot; $2400 to 93000; send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st.. Alameda. ■
(CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI CO, post*
ace free. "
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET. "
■PVRKISHED 6-ROOM MODERN COTTAGE
-T to let; fine place; close to electric-cars and rail-
road station: rent low to responsible party. 1437
McPherson or Ninth st., near Mastick station.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR "FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
J^OR RENT— AN ELEGANT REsTdENCfToF
12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage- house, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
Dwlght-way station. -
• MEDICAL^ '
] A DIES, CONSULT FREE MksTdrTsCOtFt.
-I 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; 9 00
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
■jtX- stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
.£*. from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately -. prices to salt
the times; home In confinemenu DR. & MRS.
DAY 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2. .
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
D'r'h. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients; beat skill: medical attend-
■nce; low Ices; regulator. $2. 3370 Market si.
SURE CURE FOR ALI7~FKMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MUS. DR. UWYKH, 226 Turk st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation pills 92. 419 Eddy st.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
i. don't tall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 264y a 4th.
T ADIES V -GKKMACIDE CAPSULES PRE-
Xi vents, safe, sure; pills do longer reauired;
$1 60 per box. O. 8. P. Co., 1031 Market st,, S. F.
1 \K, HALL. 14 MCALLISTKH hTKEKT, KKAK
J-V* Jones- Diseases of women and children.
A HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'SCAKE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth su.Alamoda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
A ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; 92 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSOOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
DENTISTS. ,
DR. l. T. 'RAN — extraction PAINLKSS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without,
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
pROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
V r ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm 91; extracting 50c. with gas 91.
$7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
<4p I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentlsu 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLK, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
T7"ULL' SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
T five years. DR. V. CA VaLSKY, 24 Sixth aU .
ET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
O. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. -■
DR. GEORGE W. LKEK, THiS GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of , Improved bridge work or teetn
. without any plat*, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates, 95 up: IS yean'
experience, R. L. WALSH. D-D.S.. 816»4 Geary.
1 JR. H. H. SHAW. 224 KEARNY — BRlixi&
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MART
- ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DKCKE lv
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1206 MARKET" COR, GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
A IX, WORK REASONABLE AND WAR*
ranted. DR. J W. KKY, 1122 Market st-
" DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
', Divorces granted: ; — . .
. Julia A. Smith from Thomas J. Smith, for deser-
tion; by Judge Hebbard.
William Jordan fro Mary Jordan, for habitual
Intemperance; by Judge Slack. Custody of minor
child awarded to plaintiff. . ;
Alice Bo urgougnon from Dr. M. Bourgougnon, for
cruelty; by Judge Seawell. Plaintiff allowed cus-
tody of two minor children and $40 a month all-
roonv. •• .•" ; • . • -■ ;
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
•' The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday: :
Henry Mason and Edla J. Telr, 42—39.
George A. Schilling and Kcta Husing. 26—21.
Robert G. Durea and Mima B. snanks, 40—25.
Robert L. Stebbins and Lois S. Judklns, 26—23.
Wilheim BaUserand Pauline Huoer, 28—30. . .
; Johann A. Gernns and Anna Meyer, 33—30.
Arturo Calderon and May Biggio, 20—24.
D. Paul Elder and Emma Moore, 24—18.
, Jacob I. Del Valleand May Newfield, 27— 2K : !
" Guatav H. Franke and Margaret Becser, 34—32.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
BORN.
LEONARD-In this city, April 6, 1896, to the
wife of J. p. Leonard, a daughter.
MESS a— ln Berkeley, May 2, 1896, to the wlfa of
R. Messa, a son. '
MIRAMONTES-May 2, 1896, 10 the wife of Fred
A. Mlramontes, a son. •
STOCKMAN— In South San Francisco, May 2,
1896, to the wife of W. F. Stockman, a son.
TOWNSEND— In Alameda, May 3, 1896, to the
wife ot Henry (J. Townsend. a son.
________ _____
MARRIED.
GENERKAUX-WEEKS-At St Paul's Church,
Bakersfield. April 29, 1896, by th» Rev. F. D.
Miller, assisted by the Rev. E. J. Lion of San
Francisco, E. C Genereaux and Miss E. C. Weeks.
PATEREAU— In this city. May 4,1898,
hy the Rev. E. J. Dnpny, Lout* Nexand Augus-
tine Patereau, both of San Francisco.
_>A.-1.».
Anderson, Anna . Lawther, Mary
i ' Aston, Sarah K. ' Leahy. David ■
. Eargones. Martha Locke, Sabrina
P.oijan, Rev. Lawrence McCarthy, Jeremiah
Burns, Catherine - - McCllster, Mrs. Mary
Cabal!, Johanna McLane, William
Couper. Walter Mund Emilie
Devine. Thomas O'Donnell, Roger
Edward, Harry - Reeder, James A.
Hanraban, Margaret Rollins, May J. C.
Horstmann, M. C ■ Ross, Mary H.
Kelly, Thomas . Sheridan, Angelina
Slotterbeck, Bertha R.
ANDERSON-In this city. May 5. 1896, Anna
Karin, dearly beloved wife of Anders Anderson,
and mother of Charles K. Anderson. Mrs. J. H.
Godbold and the late Andrew, Oscar and Hilda
Anderson, a native of Sweden, aged 69 years and
2 months.
ASTON— In this city, May 5, 1896, Sarah E.,
dearly beloved wife of tne late James L. Aston,
and beloved mother of Sarah J. and Rose G.
Aston, Mrs. E. Horan and - Mrs. J. Griffin, a na-
tive of New York, aged 60 years.
OS"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 411 Tenth street, thence tost. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ...
BARGONES— In this city, May 4, 1896, Martha,
beloved daughter of the late James Bargones and
of Lola Bargones, and sister of James, Peter and
Jessie Barcon.-s and Sarah, Santos and Thomas
Guldo, a native of San Francisco, aged 16 years
2 months and 12 days.
JO*Frlends anil acquaintances are respect-
fol'y invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 2014 Dupont siraet , near Bay.
BOGAN— At the San Jose Sanitarium. May 5.
1896, Rev. Lawrence Bogan, a native of County
Wexford, Ireland. .
Notice of funeral hereafter. ; ;J:V : -
BTK.NS— In this city. May 5.1898, Catherine*
beloved wife of the late Owen Burns, and mother
of Mrs. Michael McKeown, Mrs. Peter McLaugh-
lln and Eddie. Lizzie, Robbie, Ettie, Edith and
Tom Burns, a native of Ireland, aged 52 years
and 1 month. Philadelphia, Baltimore and
Boston papers please copy.]
XtST .Notice or funeral hereafter.
CAHALL— In this city. May 3, 1896. Johanna
CahalL a native of Illinois, aged 46 years. -
COUPER— In this city, May 4, 1896, Walter, be-
loved son of A. and Lena Couper, and brother of
Ralph Couper, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 11 months and 29 days. .- ,
A9*"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at '£ o'clock p. m., from the
residence ol the parents, 311 Eureka street, near
Twentieth. Interment I O. O. F. Cemetery.
DEVINE— In tnis city, May 3. 1896. Thomas
Devine, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years. .
EDWARD— In this city, May 2. 1898. Harry Ed-
ward, a native of Illinois, aged 29 years.
EMERSON— In this city, May 8, 1896, George T.
Emerson, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 68
years and 4 months.
HANRAHAN— In this city, May 5. 1896. Mar-
garet Hanrahan, beloved wife of Thomas Han-
rahan, a native of Micthelstown, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 50 years. [New York papers
please copy.l
Jt9~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 1 Lincoln place, off Taylor street, be-
tween Green and Union, thence to St. Franc
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
Ing at 10:80 o'clock a. _. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HORSTMANN-In this city. May 6, 1896. Mar-
garetha C, dearly beloved wife of John Horst-
mann, amd mother of Mrs. P. D. Bernhard, Mrs.
H. C. Hacke and Kmille C. Horstmann, a native
of Neuenkirchen, Germany, aged 64 years 6
months and 13 days.
KELLY*— In this city. May 4. 1896. Thomas Kelly,
late porter of St. Mary's Cathedral, a native of
Ireland, aged 55 years.
AT* Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday) at 9-30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 19 Van Ness avenue,
near Market street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, corner O'Karrell street and. Van Ness
' avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose or his. soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. :m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LAWTHER— In this city, May 2, 1896, Mary
Lawther, a native of England, oi?ed 39 years.
LEAHY— In this city. May 3, 1896. David J., be-
loved husband of Elizabeth Leahy, and father of
Madeline, William and Frank Leahy, a native of
the city of Cork, Ireland, aged 50 years.
«3-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _ from his late
residence, U34 Green street, thence to st.
Bridget's Church, corner Broad way and Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
g Cemetery. ■
LOCKE— Tn this city. May 4. 1896. Sabrina, be-
loved wife of S. M. Locke, and mother of Mrs. D.
L. worth, a native of Lyman. N. H., aged
73 years and 5 months.
<3T Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to atttnd the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. it., from the
residence of D. L. Farns worth, 125 Golden Gate
avenue. ■.-
MCCARTHY— in this city. May 4. 1896. Jeremiah
McCarthy, beloved father of Mrs. L. Dunn, Mrs.
F. Pretorions and John J. and Annie McCarthy,
a native of Ireland, aged 81' years.
«yThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. h.. from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law, Lawrence Dunn, 1413
Valencia street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme
tery, by 11:65 o'clock a. 11. train from Twenty
• fifth and Valencia .
McCLISTER— In this city. May 3, 1896. Mrs.
Mary McCUster, a native of Ireland, aged 67
years.
McLANE— In this city. May 6. 1808. William Mc-
Lane, a native of Canada, aged 60 years.
&"jj"Frien<ls and acquaintances - art* re-inect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 19 Van Nest avenue,
near Market streeu Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. - . • .
MUND— In this city, May 6, 1896, Em Me. beloved
wife of William Mund, and mother or Mrs.
Joseph Pres'on, Edith ar.«i Dora Mnnd, a native
of New York, aged 50 years 4 months and 10
days.
' &3~Friends and acquaintances art rwiDect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at. 2 o'clock p.m.. from the fam-
ily residence. 1110 Scott street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In this city. May 5, 1896, Roger,
beloved husband of Annie O'Donnell, a native
. of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 67 years. ,:
Friends and acquaintances arc resnect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. k., from hi* late
residence, 638 Green street, thence to St. Fran
' els Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated . for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
' Cemetery. ■-''•
REEDER— this city. May 3, 1896, James A.,
. beloved husband of Louise Reeder. and father of
James F. Reeder, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 73 years. '■
49TFrieods and acquaintance*! are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from 'Bethel
A. M. E. Church, , Powell and Jackson streets
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ■
ROLLINS-In Oakland, May 5.1896, May J. C,
youngest and beloved daughter of Kate and the
late Frank R. Rollins, and sister of Frank Al-
vord and Lizzie Rollins, and cousin of Charles C.
Rollins, a native of Oakland, .aged 19 years
4 months and 27 days. - <•
Friends and acquaintances are rwneet-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. Mm from the resi-
dence of her mother. 1124 Klrkham street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a." m. Interment
Mount Cavalry Cemetery, San Francisco. -
Ross-In this city. May 5. 18P6. M«ry H., beloved
wife of the late James M. Ross, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 72 years 2 months and 11
days. . .
A3** Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend «he funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:46 o'clock a. it, from the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. Margaret B.
Hopkins, 2709 McAllister street. Interment
private. ■
SHERIDAN— In this city. May 5. 1896. Angelina,
beloved and only child of Eugene and Mollie
Sheridan, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months. >
ay The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from the residence
of the grandparents, 2525 Folsom street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . „■
SLOTTERBECK— In Los Angeles. Cal., May I,
1896, Bertha R. Slotterbeck, aged 3* years.
ST. DOMINICB CHURCH BUILDING ASSOCIA-
tIon— regular monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of . the above association,
and for the deceased parents and relatives of the
members, will be celebrated in St. Dominic's
Church, Bush and Stelner streets, TO -MO It ROW
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. x. . Friends are In-
vited to attend. . • '
UNITED UNDERTAKERS' < I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-claas Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
, : Telephone South 167. » ■27 and 29 Fifth at.
McAVOY it GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALM
' SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School, -
* te_3Baat__Tleph«ne 808a_Bf l~iWW|^| flj
1516
CARNEGIE GETS
A FAT CONTRACT,
New Ferry Building Steel
Work Made in the
East.
A VERY LARGE ORDER.
The Risdon Iron Works Not
Able to Handle the Big
State Job.
HUNDREDS OF CABS COMING.
All of the Heavy Beams and Girders
to Be Made by the Pittsburg
Concern.
Private advices received in this City
within the last few days have developed
tne startling fact that tbe larger portion
of the steel work for the new ferry build
ing is being manufactured in the East,
notwithstanding that the contract for the
entire job was let to a local concern under
the law which provides that in structures
of this kind the work must be done by
home manufacturers, where it can be done
as cheaply and well as abroad.
The plans for the new ferry structure
call for an immense amount of manufac
tured steel, and tbe competition among
local firms was keen, as the contract was
considered a fat one.
When the bids were opened by the Har
bor Commissioners it was found that the
Kisdon Iron Works' bid was the lowest
and that firm received the coveted plum.
Subsequent developments would seem
to indicate that in taking this contract the
Kisdon people undertook far more than
they could carry out, for within a short
time they entered into negotiations with
William B. Isaacs & Co., the Pacific Coast
representatives of the Carnegie Iron and
Steel Works, to take the bulk of the worK.
Within a short time a bargain was struck,
and for a month past the great steel beams
and girders that will be used in the build
ing have been in course of manufacture at
Pittsburg, Pa.
Within a few days between seven and
nine million pounds of manufactured
steel will start for the coast, comprisine
the largest shipment of the kind ever
made from the East to California.
The immensity of the consignment
can be understood from the fact that
the freight alone, exclusive of band
ling, will amount to about $75,000,
and several hundred cars will be
used in transporting the vast weight of
metal. The steel will not all be sent at
one time, but trains will be dispatched as
rapidly as facilities for loading will per
mit, and it is expected that the larger
portion of the material will be in shape
for use by the middle of next month.
A member of the firm of William B.
Isaacs & Co. stated last evening that the
Carnegie Company had taken the great
contract off the hands of the Risdon Iron
Works at a handsome profit, and that
when everything was delivered, which
would be within thirty or forty days, the
shipment would be the largest ever made
to the Pacific Coast.
"As a matter of fact," he said, "the job
was too large for the Risdon people to
handle within the time specified in the
contract and they were glad to get rid of
the bulk of the work and leave a margin
of profit for themselves. With its im
mense facilities for turning out big jobs
the Carnegie works can do work at prices
that California manufacturers cannot
touch, and it proved so in this instance,
where both parties are left a profit after
the bills for freight and handling, amount
ing to from $75,000 to $100,000, are paid."
Captain W. H. Taylor, president of the
Risdon Iron Works Company, admitted
last evening that a large portion of the
heavy girders and beams for the new
structure were being made Dy the Carnegie
Company, but said that the contract had
not been sublet and that his firm was
working on castings for the building as
rapidly as possible.
"We simply sent a large order to the
Carnegie Company," te said, "because we
had a great deal to do and the beams and
girders would hamper us in our work. At
the same time we are handling as much as
possible — mainly castings — and the water
front is littered with the product of our
work."
Captain Taylor declined to state the
terms on which his company had re
ceived the contract or the value of the
work let out to the Pittsburg concern.
Edward Coleman, president of the Pa
cific Rolling Mills, whose firm was a
bidder for the big contract, seemed sur
prised last evsning when told that the
Carnegie Iron and Steel Works had re
ceived such a large order for steel work
for the ferry building from the Kisdon
iron Works.
"What you tell me is the first I had
heard of it," be said, "and I do not think
that the fact is generally known among
local iron manufacturers." The contract
was a difficult one to handle and I am not
surprised that a portion was sublet to the
Eastern people. I cannot, without look
ing the matter up, say what our bid was
or how much we were underbid by the
Rißdon people."
Found Iead in Ked.
John Hengleson, a laborer, 60 years of age,
JTEW TO-DAY.
_^ m. ■- . pvfry DOT
BECOMES tjjl
Inflammation •' ■ *• ■ n^jix-
and Irritation fc» .3y y ■'.
Bet In causing 'W^r '"
PIMPLES
Blotches, blackheads, baby blemishes, and
falling hair. • The only preventive is
/ CUTICURA SOAP
' because the only preventive of inflamma-
tion and clogging of the Pores.
• Rale prenter than the combined i»lp« of all other ikln
and complexion roap*. Sold throughout th« world.
form Dmt-o a* d ur«. Corp.. Sole Prop*.. Boaton.
W3T Scad for " How to Fztrent Facial Blcmlibet," ft**.
living at 303 Lombard street, was found dead
in his bed yesterday morning. He is supposed
to have died from heart failure. The body
was removed to the Morgue, where an inquest
will be held to-day.
•—• — ♦ — •
ALL WANT COLUSA STONE.
The Manufacturers' Aaaociation Inter
ested in the New Depot.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has determined to go to the side
of the Harbor Commissioners in the in
terest of the Colusa quarry rock for the
new ferry depot with all the moral sup
port of the association.
This body held a spirited meeting yes
terday. Those present were: M. J. Kel
ler, J. C. Currier, J. W. Kerr, A. Sbarboro.
W. F. Bowers; 1* R. Mead, secretary;
Fred H. Dingle, assistant secretary, and
S. H. Tacy, manager.
Attention was called to the fact that the
Oregon Site Stone Company had threat
ened to begin action to compel the Harbor
Commissioners to use stone from the Web
foot quarry when the' Colusa stone was
selected, it was to a great extent through
the efforts of the Governor, the manu
facturers and other public-spirited citizens
that the home product was selected. The
argument was raised yesterday that litiga
tion on the part of the Oregon bidders will
only cause delay in the work of erecting
the depot, and will be of no avail in the
long run.
It was the opinion that the threat to be
gin suit was only a bluff, and while it will
be of no avail in the long run it will
on-y have the effect of harassing the
Commissioners and delaying the work.
The association decided to stand by the
Harbor Commissioners with the full
strength of the organization, and as pre
liminary to further ateps passed the fol
lowing resolution :
It having come to the knowledge of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association ot
California that the Board of State Harbor Com
missioners is threatened with litigation in con
sequence of tneir action in accepting Colusa
The Stagnant Pool That Threatens the Health^of the Pupils of Winfield Scott School.
stone in the construction of the ferry depot,
be it
Retolvtd, That the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association of California do most ear
nestly indorse the action of said board in ex
ercising a preference for California material.
Resolved, That the secretary be requested to
transmit a copy from these resolutions to the
State Board of Harbor Commissioners.
The conference committee that is acting
in conjunction with a similar committee
from the Mechanics' Institute upon tne
matter of holding a strictly home industry
fair in the fall, made its report, winch haa
been published.
The committee was instructed to stand
strictly for Pacific Coast products at the
exposition. Should the institute refuse to
accede to this the association will with
draw from the fair.
J. C. Currier and J. W. Kerr, the com
mittee appointed to investigate the mat
ter of Eastern convict-made goods being
shipped to and sold in this State, presented
the following, which was adopted:
Your special committee ap&olnted to inves
tigate the question of the importation of con
vict-made goods recommend the passage of the
following resolution:
Wherkas, The products of the Iree labor of
California meets with serious competition
from the products of convict labor in other
States; and whereas, after due investigation of
the subject, this association has arrived at the
conclusion that the aforesaid-mentioned com
petition has become a menace to the manufac
turing industries of thU State; and whereas, a
bill has been introduced In the House of Rep
resentatives of the United Stateßand favorably
reported by the Committee on Labor thereof
to protect free labor ftom competition with
convict labor, restraining the sale of convict
made goods to States in which they are pro
duced; and wherein, it is the sense of this as
sociation that the bill will tend to help In a
great measure to put a stop to said unfair com
petition; therefore be it
Retolrcrt, By the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association of California that said bill
should receive the earnest support of all citi
zens interested in the welfare of their own
community, and be it further
Resolved, That this association hereby re
quests the members of Congress of the United
States to use their best efforts toward the
speeay passage of said bill, and be it further
Rexolved. That the Secretary be instructed to
forward copies of these resolutions to each
member of the United States Congress.
The matter of adulterated food products
from the East, particularly alleged jellies
was taken up. The report of W. T. Wen
zell, chemist for the Board of Health, now
pursuing an investigation on these lines,
was read, the substance of which was re
cently published in The Call. In it the
chemist says that many of the so-called
fruit jellies examined by him do not con
tain any fruit and the compounds are un
fit tor food, and further, are most vile and
unwholesome. The hitjh-priced California
fruit jellies he has found to be pure fruit
and berry products and free from all adul
teration. The directors passed the follow
ing resolutions relative to tne matter:
Whereas, The attention of this association
hns been drawn to the fact that this market is
flooded with adulterated food products from
the East ; and whereas the chemist of the Board
of Health has recently been pursuing some ex
tensive Investigations in the matter; and
whereas said investigations have resulted in
the discovery that certain articles of food
products nre adulterated to such an extent as
to make them unfit for human food; be it
Renolvcd, By the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association of California that this
association does fully indorse the action the
Board of Health has thus far taken In the
matter; and be it further
Resolved. That this association urge the said
Board of Health to carry «aid investigations to
the full extent; and be it further
Resolved, That said board be urged to take
such steps as they may deem expedient to stop
the sale of all such adulterated food products.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1896.
FEVER MENACING
THE CHILDREN,
Pupils of Winfield Scott
School Inhale Disease
Germs.
A MIASMATIC FOND.
John G. Hennig Makes a Com
plaint to the Board of
Health.
ONE CASE OF MALARIA NOW.
Careless Grading of Streets Said to
Be tbe Cause of All the
Trouble.
Complaint has recently been mad 1 ? to
the Board of Health by the property
holders in the region of Winfield Scott
Grammar School, corner of Baker and
Lombard streets, that the many stagnant
pools in that vicinity are a menace to the
health not only of those whose homes are
situated in proximity, but especially to the
children that attend this school.
An investigation discloses the following
facts:
Some time ago the streets in this region
were graded in such a manner as to cause
the water, during and after a heavy down
pour, to collect in small laxes in the region
of the school building.
There are two small, shallow, muddy
ponds— one directly across the street from
the building and one in the rear. These
are of little moment, as in warm weather
they are likely soon to dry ap.
But on Baker street, about 100 feet north
of the school, and on Lombard street,
about 150 feet eastward, there are two deep
pools, of a greenish color, due to the stag
nation of the water. The latter as yet has
given no cause for complaint, but the pool
on Baker street has been the cause of
much discomfort and trouble, and in one
case, at least, of serious illness.
Its dimensions are about thirty by forty
feet and its depth about six. Around the
sides, clinging to the embankments, is a
thick, green slime. In tact the water is in
the most advanced stage of stagnation,
and the stench arising from it and borne
on the winds of the neighborhood is some
thing sickening.
The house of John G. Hennig, the man
who complained of the miasmatic pool as
a nuisance and a danger menacing the
lives of those forced to live near it, is situ
ated directly on the east bank of the lake.
A strong western breeze is constantly
blowing in this region during the summer
months, and his family gets the full
strength of the nauseating odor. Said
Hennig:
"At one time I had a man named Jacob
Houbert working with me in improving
the place, but after four months he was
attacked with pains in bis head and bones,
an inclination to nausea and a general
feeling of being unwell. He ascribed his
condition to inhaling the foul air from
this stagnant water, and refused to work
longer. He quit working some time in
March.
"For myself, I was unfortunate enongh
to be born without the sense of smell, and
the nool has never bothered me on that
account, but my wife complains bitterly
ot tbe disease-laden air.
"Well, about six weeks ago, Houbert re
turned to work. After a few days be
again became ill, but continued to work.
Friday be was attacked with nausea, and
immediately consulted a physician. After
a diagnosis of his case, he was pronounced
to be suffering from malaria, and was
forced to quit work again and go down
town. I understand that he is now in
some lodging-house sick in bed.
"All these bodies of water collected
round here are the result of the careless
grading of the street. The land in which
this worst one is situated is owned by a
Mrs. Weisenborn, who lives a block south
of here on Baker street. We have made
repeated complaints to her, and asked
that the pool be filled in, but so far with
out result; so I was obliged to complain to
the Health officers."
The air passing over this lake is heavily
charged with the germs of disease and
borne directly toward the Winfie'ld Scott
i School. Tbe children seen about the mat
ter unanimously complained of the odor
on windy days.
Mrs. E. S. Code, the principal, was en
tirely non-committal. She didn't know
that complaint had been made; didn't
know that the pools were offensive, and
had no information to volunteer.
The dangers arising from the presence
of the foulbody of water are a subject of
common discussion among the parents of
children attending the school, and they
heartily indorse Mr Hennij's effort to
obtain relief. T. H. D. Cook is one of the
most outspoken. He says:
"I have two children attending the
school, and I am in constant torment lest
one or both of them be attacked by some
malarial disease. The pool should be con
demned as a nuisance and Mrs". Weisen
born be compelled to fill it in. ;>
"Yes," said Mrs. Cook, "and I think
nine-tenths of the cases of sickness among
the cnildren of this part of the City are
due to that deadly sink of corruption and
disease."
P. Stone, another property-owner, who
has children in the school, also, said:
"Besides the dangers arising from sick
ness and disease, the pool is deep and the
banks are precipitous. I always caution
my children to avoid it. Some child will
fall into it and be drowned yet, if it is not
soon filled in."
WHITE IN CONTEMPT.
More Notes and Mortgages Get Him
Into Trouble With the
Conrt.
George White, the Mendocino cattle
king, will be sent to jail in a day or two if
he does not pay over the amount of three
notes and mortgages which he recently
put upon his property in defiance of the
court's order.
One note is to his brother for $2000,
another to Dan Costigan for $9000 and the
third is to the Bank of ITkiali for $300.
Mrs. White's attorney claimed the notes
were made witn fraudulent intent of
depriving Mrs. White of the alimony
allowed her, and Judge Hebbard took this
view of the roafter.
He ordered White to turn over the
amount of the mortgages and adjudged
him guilty oi contempt of court. He was
given three days to refund the deficiency
and if he has not done so then he will see
prison bars once more.
A UNIVERSITY GAME.
Berkeley and Palo Alto Students Will
Play Ball at San Jose
Next Friday.
Next Friday is Stanford day at the Rose
Carnival at San Jose and the time will be
made auspicious by an intercollegiate
game of baseball between Palo Alto and
Berkeley. It will be the third and decid
ing game of the two universities for this
season, and tbe friends of the two teams
are making great preparations to attend
the contest in force.
San Jose being a Stanford town, the stu
dents from Palo Alto will have no end of
friends and sympathizers; consequently
the Berkeley boys are casting about for a
crowd. They will charter a train to leave
Oakland at 8:15 in the morning and run
through to San Jose, returning at 6in the
evening. Round trip tickets $1 25.
It is earnestly requested that those who
will assist the State University students
in making up their special train will leave
their names at one of the following places
by 7 o'clock this evening:
Berkeley — Students' co-operative store;
Bancroft's bookstore.
Oakland— M. S. Smith & Sons' book
store.
San Francisco— Clabrongh, Golcher &
Co., under the Grand Hotel, Market street.
By taking the students' special those in
tending to visit San Jose on that day will
have the benefit of a through train and a
speedy arrival at their destination.
Tickets will be sold at the ferry and other
offices.
HONORED THEIR DEAD.
George H. Thomas Post Held Memorial
Services for Its Deceased
Members.
Consistent with its annual custom George
H. Thomas Post No. 2 last evening held
services commemorative of its deceased
members. The exercises were conducted
in Red Men's Hall. 320 Post street, which
was filled to the doors.
An excellent liierary and musical pro
gramme was rendered and Comrades W.
R. Parnell and P. F. Walsh delivered
appropriate addresses eulogistic of the
defenders of their country who had passed
to the great beyond.
Objects to Many Items.
Thoma* McGowan has filed a series of objec
i tloni to various items in the account of Mrs.
j Ernestine Krellng. He thinks the Item of
i #297, 120 75, receipts of the Tivoli from April
6, 18y4, to March 31, 189ti, should be Item
ized, as should also the item of $281,964 96,
disbursements for the same time on the same
place. He also objects to several items as be
in* excessive, among them the allowance of
|500amonthlo.Mrs. Krellng, and to several
more a«> being illegally spent.
Robert Dixon of New York is the second
person in that city who has become insane
through worrying over the cathode rays.
WHEN THE HOUSE
IS LEFT VACANT,
Numerous Burglaries Com
mitted for Petty
Spoils.
ELEGANT FLAT LOOTED.
Mrs. Short's Residence on Van
Ness Avenue Ransacked
by Thieves.
THEY ALL COVET LEAD PIPE
Extensive Damage Done to the Plumb
ing of Many Houses by These
Malicious Larcenists.
'Twixt day and day all sorts and con
ditions of thieves pJy their precarious call
ings within the confines of this City, grad
uating in industry and boldness with the
ebb and flow of police vigilance. Some of
the artful appropriators of other people's
property are not over particular whether
or not they have the cover of night for
their operations, either, and among these
no class is apparently more prosperous
and less molested than the petty burglars
who confine their manipulations to houses
from which the occupants have removed
or are temporarily absent. Of late the
number of "jobs" executed with success
by this class of larcenists has been partic
ularly large and the compaints of real
estate dealers and householders have been
correspondingly vociferous. For some
reason the efforts of the police to put a
stop to these trespasses seem particularly
futile and many are the houses entered,
but few are the thieves brought to justice.
A few days ago the elegant flat at 1425
Van Ness avenue, occupied by Mrs. Short,
was made the subject of one of these raids.
Mrs. Short was absent at the time and the
thieves succeeded in gaining an entrance
by prying, open a window.
They then locked all connecting doors
so as not to be disturbed at their work, for
it was between 2 and 3 o'clock in the after
noon. A bureau in a room occupied by
Mrs. Maynard was looted and $95 was se
cured. Three overcoats were also taken.
Tue matter was reported to the police but
beyond assuriug the family it was the
work of professionals they were of no
seivice. Various parties saw suspicious
looking characters about the house.
A row of vacant houses on Turk street,
near Polk, was visited by a gang of mis
creants vrit bin the last few days. There
was nothing in the houses worth stealing
except the lead pipe of the plumbing. Of
this they were entirely divested. The lead
pipe was also taken from a row of houses
on Franklin street, near Fell. In this
instance, the srlass globes from the gas
jets were found to be missing, but the
agent in charge does not attribute this to
professional thieves.
His theory is that they have been taken
one at a time by women whoobtained pos
session of the keys ostensibly with a view
of inspecting the premises preliminary to
renting. Thus gaining ineress they would
seize upon as many globes as they could
conveniently carry, and would then send
a boy back with the key. There is con
siderable complaint of this species of lar
ceny. It required $100 to repair the dam
age which had been done to the houses
last mentioned.
The burglary of W. E. Strickland's resi
dence on Diamond street, near Sussex,
was a particularly aggravating affair.
The family had been from home but a few
hours and when they returned the house
had the appearance of having been the
playground of a cyclone. Bureau draw
ers were pulled out ana their contents
scattered around the room in every direc
tion. Trunks bad been burst open and
looted, bedding had been thrown from the
beda in a search for valuables and the
entire house presented a scene of wildest
confusion.
Fortunately the family had taken all
the money which had been in the bouse
with them, but everything of value which
was left the burglars got. This matter
was reported to the police, who kept it
discreetly quiet. But no one was caught.
There was a hold-up in that locality about
the same time, and Mr. Strickland be
lieves the same parties perpetrated both
outrages. A house at 18 Willow avenue,
belonging to the Burke estate, was a heavy
sufferer from the human pests that infest
vacant houses. In this instance all the
lead pipe was cut and carried away and,
with a vicious disregard of property, the
water was allowed to remain running. It
was several days before this was discov
ered, and in the meantime the entire
building had been flooded and almost en
tirely ruined. It will cost several hun
dred dollars to put the structure in repair.
The desire for junk has deprived a build
ing at 1823 Greenwich street, owned by C.
Milligan, of much material. After the
manner of their kind, the thieves here
hacked away every available piece of lead
about the premises, and the few pounds of
old metal which they procured will cost
the landlord many dollars to have replaced
by the plumber.
When these covetous prowlers in other
folks' domain struck the old residence of
P. Finnan, the veteran horseman, their
hearts probably leaped with joy. Finni
gan's residence was particularly wejl
stocked with the commodities which are
the particular delight of vacant-house
burglars. There waslead pipe running all
over the house, gas-tixtures galore and
globes by the dozen. Evidently they went
to work to take everything in sight, but
their means of transportation was limited.
Consequently they were forced to leave
a large stock of valuable bric-a-brac piled
on the parlor floor. It was their obvious
intention to return for this portion of the
plunder after they had disposed of the
very considerable spoils which they were
able to take away on the first trip. Before
they could complete their enterprise, how
ever, the burglary was discovered. They
were evidently apprised of this, for they
failed to return.
A pleasing relief to the long list of un
detected burglaries of this class is fur
nished by tun arrest of the boys who re
cently entered the residence of Mrs. R. A.
O'Brien, at 718 Golden Gate avenue. It is
readily seen by the number of these cases
which come to light that the business of
entering vacant houses is by no means
languishing in this vicinity.
Charged With Embezzlement.
Paul Heisig, 632 Washington street, was
booked at the California-street station yester
day on a misdemeanor embezzlement charge
preferred by Charles Hartman. Thecomplaint
ing witness alleges that he bought from Heisig
a half interest in the latter's restaurant and
that after two days the defendant kicked him
out. He now wants to recover the purchase
money, $75. Hartman also alleges that Hei
sig broke open his trunk, taking therefrom six
teen silver dollars.
Gift to Mills College.
Some years ago the Hon. and Mrs. William E.
Dodge, whose beniflcence has blessed many
worthy institutions and Christian enterprises,
established in Mills College a scholarship for
the education of worthy pupils in the pursuit
of a higher education. This gift of $2500 has
been recently supplemented by the douation
of $1000 from Mrs. Dodge, who is now over 80
years of age.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
Three
Special
Bargains
-IN
French
Woolen
Dress Fabrics!
$1.00 Yard.
50-INCH SATIN FINISH
FRENCH COVERT CLOTH
for Tailor and Outing Suits,
9 different colorings.
75c Yard.
40-INCH FRENCH NOVEL-
TY PLAIDS, pure silk and
wool, latest styles and
colorings.
50c Yard.
42-INCH INDIGO STORM
CHEVIOT (French manu-
facture), warranted fast
colors.
Write for Samples of Above Goods.
TEIiEPIIONE 3*X.A.XXa QT w 7 w 7 m
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS
200 Dozen Ladies'
Black and Drab Corsets,
Reduced From $1.75 to $1.00.
lihlrllbiShdL
CAUTION — Having no agencies or branch
stores, oar Corsets can be purchased only at our
establishment.
Mall orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
3VE. IF" XI IE XT X 3 eft? SON,
742-744 fUrkctSt. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-)
ing room, Bedroom and)- ©TK A A
Kitchen f«Jw O.VV
Solid Oak Bedroom Suit, 6) Q>-t (* KA
pieces. Bevel mirror, 22x28) tp-LO.OU
Large Assortment Fancy Oak) C»1 '"'A
and Mahogany Rockers .) tjpX.Ov
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases.) 'QA A A
highly polished [\ O'i.VV
And Upward
Fine Parlor Suits, upholstered) ©OX A A
in brocatelle ...j $uU.\J\J
And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) KA ri4- a
Brussels and In^rains,> 01/ XjijO
sewed, laid and lined ) and upward
• Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
famished all over the Coast oa easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. Goods
packed and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. InsDection cordially invited and
credit extended to all. .
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224, 228, 230 and 306 and 308
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 POST. STREET. ;1
Telephone, Main 1328. : ■ : ooen Evening*.
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
BUY DIRECT FROM TUB
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAR IRON .......:. SI. 75 base
ANGLE IRON ... - 2 IB flat
BAND 1R0N....................... 2.00 . "
Round Edge Tire Steel. 2.10 flat
T <>» " ......... 2.50 "
Plow '••.... 2.35 "
German Hammered " ......... ■ 3.75 base
Pick « 4.00 "
Machinery >.** : 2.00 "
Spring; •• 2. SO "
Cold Rolled . •>• ......... 3.23 "
Finished Shafting ..."..'.: 3.'-3 "
Terms : — Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. GO.
SAN " IRAN CISCO. ■ *
(•) 111 1— *
®®®®®®®®®® ®®®®®®®®®®
IS UNIQUE, v
®®®®®®®®®® ®®®®®®®®®<s)
A COMPLETE NEWSPAPER, ®
WITH DEPARTMENTS FOR
The Farmer,
The Fruitgrower,
The Dairyman,
The Poultryman,
The Apiarist,
The Gardener,
The Stockman,
The Miner,
The Housewife.
I ISSUED ' 1
iWEDNESDAYsj
ig)®®®®®®®® «^®@®®®®®®
Buy a Copy and
Examine It.
H COMPARE IT WITH OTHER
1 PACIFIC COAST WEEKLIES.
P®®®®®®®®® ®®®®®®®®®®
§) SUBSCRIBE FOR IT.
I PER ANNUM, 51.50.
iiiiillSi