VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 65.
MASSACRED BY
THE SPANIARDS
Women and Children Shot
on the Streets of
Sabanilla.
REVENGE FOR A DEFEAT.
Wholesale Murder Follows a
Fight Ending in a Rout
of Regulars.
TAKE A LIFE FOE A LIFE.
Defenseless Cubans Slain to Avenge the
Spaniards Who Fell in a
Skirmish.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 29 (via Tampa,
Fla.) Feb. 2.,— The true story of what oc
curred when the insurgents entered Saba
nilla has never been told in print. The
authorities prevented the Havana papers
from publishing anything but a garbled
account of the affair, and even that was
not allowed to be cabled to the United
States.
The official account which I was per
mitted to transmit stated that the insur
gents entered Sabanilla on the 22d, burned
the railroad station and two or three
nouses and looted several stores. The gar
rison of fifty men made a strong defense
and drove away the insurgents, killing
seventeen. The Spanish losses were given
as three volunteers tilled and ten civil
guards wounded.
A later official account says that eleven
people of color who were unarmed, but
who were followers of the insurgents, were
killed, and that unfortunately three wo
men were killed. The true story is as fol
lows:
Sabanilla, an important railroad town
in Matanzas province, was entered by
about 400 insurgents under Eduardo Gar
cia at 8:30 a.m. January 22. The main
body of insurgents, numbering over 1000,
camped on the outskirts of the town. Gar
cia, tbe leader, belongs to one of the best
famiiies of Matanzas, and many of his fol
-'osrerj had irienas and relatives in Sa
vamlia.
Fifty regulars, under Captain Juan
Galan, and ten guardias civiles shut them
selves up in the barracks, and after being
warned by Garcia's men they refrained
from firing upon the invaders.
A number of Spanish volunteers fired
upon the rebels from the church, which
had been transformed into a fort. The
rebels returned the fire, killing three vol
unteers and wounding two civil guards.
One insurgent was wounded by a shot
from the church tower. He was taken out
of town on horseback, and is said to be
mortally hurt.
The townspeople received the insurgents
with cheers. Shouts of "Viva Cuba
Libre" were heard on all sides and the in
vaders were surrounded by men, and
women as well, who wished them success
and told of their woes under Spanish rule.
The poor people of the town told Garcia
that they were without food, and had
eaten nothing but cane from near-by plan
tations for days, as there was no work and
no money.
The rebel leader then ordered the store
keepers to open their doors and told the
people to help themselves. One shop
keeper who resisted was shot. About
twenty stores were looted of provisions,
shoes and clothing. The railroad station
was burned and the invaders then left
town.
As soon as they had gone the Spanish
volunteers issued from the church and
fired into the defenseless crowd of people
in the streets, killing twenty-four, includ
ing several women and children. It is
claimed that these people were among
those who looted the stores, but even the
Spanish Dapers say some were innocent of
the crime of taking food to prevent starva
tion.
Not satisfied with shooting these people
in the streets, the Spanish soldiers toolc
ten Cubans who bad been with the in
surgents for a time, but had presented
themselves to the Alcalde a day or two
before the fight and had been set at liberty
under the proclamation of amnesty to
all rebels who surrendered their arms.
These ten men were shot in cold blood by
the volunteers in revenge for the losses
sustained in the fight around the church.
These are the facts.
The Alcalde or Mayor of Sabanilla, Don
Juan Galves, is now in Havana and de
clines to go back until a strong force of
regulars is sent to Sabanilla as a perma
nent guard. He says the rebels have
been informed of the shooting of the
townspeople by the Spanish volunteers
and Garcia has threatened to return and
kill the volunteers and burn the town.
Fifteen hundred refugees from Sabanilla
reacned Matanzas Monday. They were
men, women and children, and most of
them said they fled for fear of further out
rages by Spanish volunteers. Others said
they expected the town would be burned
by the insurgents.
There are daily reports of arrests of sus
pects in all the : provinces. They are
thrown into prisons without a trial, and
in many cases: without ; any , evidence. of
havintt aided the Cuban cause in any way.
Xheir gravest crime may be that they sym
l>atnize with the patriotic' rebels in the
"eld. Many of ■ them hold American citi
zenship papers and speak English. ,
♦h e American l Consul interposes in all
tnese cases 'and prevents'a court-martial, 5
as these people are not taken in arms.
me Government after much delay in
lorrus the Consul that civil trial has been
grained, but the time drags along and the
People remain in jail
ica^tef ''''Mr 0 Wa>B taken off the Amer
Sai I T T °' IVette teQ days ago. is" till
la Jai1 ' Cc cr °. the American, who was
The San Francisco Call.
insurgent leader and who was arrested on
a south coast passenger steamer, and who
claims that he was on his way to Havana
to surrender and claim amnesty, is still in
Moro Castle.
Honore Lane, a Frenchman who
claimed to have been kept prisoner by
Gomez for several weeks, but who is said
to have remained with the insurgents of
his own accord, and came to Havana,
where he was arrested on a charge of
carrying messages, is in the Moro Castle
and the French Consul has asked for a
civil trial. Sanguilly, whose case is the
only one in which a trial has been held,
was convicted without legal evidence, and
doomed to life imprisonment.
STREXGTHEXIXt* THE TROCHA.
Armiet of the lnsurgeut* Prevented From
Joining Each Other.
HAVANA, Cvba, Feb. 2.— General Sabas
Marin, the acting Captain-General, who
has taken the field in person against the
rebels, is directing active operations with
a view to forcing Antonio Maceo, who is
said to be on the eastern boundary of
Pinar del Rio, to a decisive engagement.
Yesterday General Marin was at Guira de
Melena and to-day he was at Quivican,
province of Havana.
A strong force is proceeding against
Gomez, the rebel Commander-in-chief,
who was last reported to be east of Quivi
can, near the center of the province of Ha
vana. Several engagements between the
troops and rebel bands have taken place
recently, but no details are obtainable.
A freight train consisting of thirty cars
was stopped by insurgents yesterday at
Pozo Rekendo, a few miles south of San.
Felipe, on the Havana and Batabano Rail
way. Troops have been sent in pursuit of
the rebels, who stopped the train by re
moving rails. The engine was badly dam
aged. It is not known whether the rebels
made away with any freight or not, but it
is supposed that they did.
The trocha, or military line, that has
been established across the island with a
view to preventing Maceo from going
eastward across the province of Havana
has been greatly strengthened, and the
authorities here believe that Gomez is to
the east of the line and Maceo to the west,
and that General Marin will be able to pre
vent a junction of their forces and defeat
each of the rebel commanders separately.
J. Feaxk Clark.
SECURIXG A GERM AX XOAX.
The Turkish Porte Will Borrow Thirty
Million franca^
LONDON, Exc, Feb. 2.— The Times will
to-morrow publish a dispatch from Con-
stantinople saying the Porte is stated to be
negotiating with tne German banking
house of Bleichroder, for a loan of 30,000,000
francs, to be secured by the Government's
share of the lighthouse receipts. This
share was raised to 25 per cent in October,
1894. Great Britain protested against this
action, alleging that the efficiency of the
lighthouse service would be impaired or
excessive dues would be charged.
The Porte made no reply to this protest,
and the palace has now instructed the
Government not to make any reply, but to
hasten tbe loan.
Sir Philip Currie, the British Embassa
dor to Turkey, has written a letter to the
Daily News, which that paper will publish
to-morrow, denying that Mr. Fontance,
the British Consul at Angora, had been
transferred to Harpoot, and that Mr.
Richards, British Consul at Jeddah, would
succeed Mr. Fontance at Angora.
PERISH WHILE AT MASS
Eight Persons Killed and Sixty
Injured by the Collapse
of a Church.
Walls ;of the Structure Give Way and
the Roof Crashes Down Upon
the Worshipers. *
PARIS, France, Feb. 2.— terrible acci
dent, resulting in the killing of eight per
sons and tl^myaiuring of sixty, occurred
to-day at < Mafi^%ier, a villaee near
Angers, in the Department of Maine-et-
Loire. The disaster was the collapse of
the village church, in which mass was be
ing celebrated. , ... ':'."
The structure was comfortably filled,
most of the worshipers j being women and
children. - Suddenly and -with very little
warning the walls began to sway, and be
fore all the congregation could get out
fell. The roof crashed down . upon the
struggling • throng beneath, and . it is sur
prising that not more than eight persons
were killed. (-; n '■."•';'; ,*.
The work of removing the dead and res
cuing the injured was promptly commenced
by the villagers, who were aided by peas
ants and others from the country round
about. The condition of uorae of the in
jured is so serious that it is feared they
will die. A larger congregation than usual
attended the mass to-day, it being the
feast ol the purification of the Blessed
Virgin.
BETUBy TItOM VHENQ TUI.
Americana Complete Their Investigation
of the Szrchuen Outrages.
SHANGHAI, China, Feb. 2.— The
American commission, consisting of Sher
idan R. Read, United States Consul at
Tientsin; Commander Merrill of the
United States navy and Mr. Cheshire, in
terpreter, appointed to investigate the
outrages perpetrated on missionaries in
the province of Szechuen in June last, ar
rived here yesterday from Cheng Tui.
Durham of Oldenburg Demi.
BERLIN. Germany, Feb. 2.— Elizabeth,
Grand Duchess of Oldenburg, died to-day.
She was a daughter of Prince Joseph of
Saxe-Altenburg, and was born March 26,
1826. She was married to the Grand Duke
of Oldenburg February 10, 1852.
PANORAMIC VIEW OF CONSTANTINOPLE, THE TURKISH METROPOLIS, UPON WHICH THE EYES OF THE DIPLOMATIC WORLD ARE NOW TURNED.
[Reproduced from the New York Herald.]
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
MR. HUNTINGTON IS DISMAYED.
STILL CAPTIVE IN
ITS BED OF SAND
Low Tides Prevent a Renewal
of Efforts to Free the
St. Paul.
THOUSANDS LINE THE BEACH.
Experts Express the Opinion That the
Magnificent Ocean Liner Is
Doomed.
LONG BRANCH, N. J., Feb. 2.— This
famous seaside resort never saw larger
crowds than those which have visited ihe
"Branch" since the American line steamer
St. Paul has been aground opposite the
Grand View Hotel. A conservative esti
mate of to-day's visitors is i! 5,000. The
Pennsylvania Railroad ran eight excursion
trains from Philadelphia. Among the
sight-seers were hundreds of the employes
of Cramp's shipyards, where the St. Paul
was built. The chief engineer of the yards
was one of the number. Two special trains
were run from New York, and the trolley
cars from Asbury Pork brought thou
sands of visitors. Farmers drove in from
the country, liverymen had all their rigs
hired out and bicycle riders were out in
large numbers.
Long Branch did not expect such a gath
ering and restaurants were compelled to
turn thousands away. Bakeries and
grocery stores did a land office business.
The wind was strong from the north
west all day, causing an extremely low
tide, lower in fact than at any other time
since the liner stranded. At 3 o'clock this
afternoon there was not over five feet of
water on the bar. Sixteen feet of the red
water line of the St. Paul showed, indi
cating that the steamer was in the sand
and clay to the depth of at least six feet.
Captain Merritt, one of those in charge
of the floating of the ship, says that she
will be pulled off with two or three more
high tides. The opinion of tnany experts
is, however, that the ship is doomed.
FAST IX TB.B M Vl*.
The Cunarder XTtnbria a Prisoner for
Several Hour*. ■»
NEW YORK, M. V., Feb. 2.— For an
hour and a hall to-night, the Cunard steam
ship Umbria was a prisoner in the mud of
North river. The vessel had reached her
pier and was being warped into the slip.
The tide was lower than usual, owing to
the strong westerly wind, and for that
reason when the Umbria had been headed
in she was caught in the soft mud.
The vessel's engines were reversed, bat
she refused to budge. Tugs were sent for.
and after four of them had hauled away
for an hour the Umbria slipped into her
berth.
in the strong box of the Urabria there
was a gold consignment of $1,90.1,775. S.
Fleming, the purser, said he did not know
where the gold was going.
F KJVJSZ HEX, A KJETAZIA TBS.
Inrjlish Jtailwny fined for Suspending
Its Vasaenger Service.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 2.-The Her
aid's Caracas cable says: The manager of
the English railway between Barcelona
and Gunta refuses to obey the order of the
Government as to the resumption of pas
senger train service, which was stopped
under the excuse tnat the business did not
warrant such service. The refusal of the
manager is tempered by the statement
that he cannot act without direct orders
from the London office.
The company will be fined $500 for each
day's failure to run trains,, as ordered.
The officials say the company has violated
the terms of its contract and grant in
many respects.
CLAIM AGAIXBT CAXADA.
Dominion Timber Thieva Stripping the
Xorthern Montana Forests.
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 2.— lt is likely a
huge claim will be made against Canada
for timber depredations in the northern
part of the State, Colonel T. A. Root,
fJov«mment instect'iyr for Montana and
Idaho, has received many complaints
lately from settlers in Northern Montana
that the Canadians have for some time
been coming across the, border and cutting
trees until the forests in two counties are
nearly stripped of timber.
It is believed tbat two or three million
dollars' worth of timber has been taken in
this way, as the thieving has been going
on for some time.
WEST JOINS THE LOBBY.
Utah's Ex-Governor Will Lead
Huntington's Fight at
Frankfort.
Senator Goebel's Bill Will Be Re
ported From the Committee
Early in the Week.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 2.— The bill to
repeal the Southern Pacific charter will be
reported from the committee the first of
the week. An open session of the com
mittee to hear arguments pro and con has
been announced. It seems a foregone
conclusion that the committee will report
the bill favorably, but after argument the
sentiment may be changed.
Ex-Governor West of Utah is here, pre
sumably to visit his friends, but it is said
he will lead the lobby against the bill.
Both tho Hunter and Blackburn people
are afraid of the bill and are noncommit
tal in the matter, though it is known the
friends of repeal will expect their support.
Murdered in Her Borne.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 2.— Mrs. Sophia
Grant of the Charlestown district was mur
dered by some unknown person last night
in her home on Brighton street. Mrs.
Grant received two heavy blows on the
baclt of the head, crushing her skul).
Every drawer in the rooms on the floor on
which the murder was committed was
turned topsy-turvy.
Declares for Free Silver.
NASHVILLE, Tekn., Feb. 2.—Congress
man Benton McMillan announces that he
will not make the race for the Guberna
torial nomination, but would stand for re
election as representative from the Fourth
Tennessee district. He declares that he
is for the free and unlimited coinage of
si lver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
A Nation of Connoisseurs.
The immense consumption of cham
pagne in this country is an evidence of our
taste, and the importation of 1895 of 79,049
cases of G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry a proof
of refinement, the reason being that its
singular purity and superior quality com
mend it to physicians as well as laymen.
SCHEMING TO OUST
THE CHANCELLOR.
Yon Hohenlohe's Position to Be
Assailed by a Strong
Coalition.
HIS POLICY IN DISFAVOE.
Opposition to Emperor William's Naval
Hans Will Be Utilized by His
Enemies.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 2.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Times telegraphs that the
Agrarian, Conservative and Bismarck par
ties have entered into a scheme to over
throw Chancellor yon Hohenlohe, who
does not favor the Emperor's proposals
for increasing the naval strength of the
empire. There Is no sign that the Chan
cellor's position has been shaken, but the
coalition's hope to overthrow him is ba3ed
on the Emperor's energetic temper and his
insistence on the fulfillment of his desires.
Count yon Waldersee and Count Wart
ernsleben are mentioned as Chancellor
Hohenlohe's successors, but their names
are mentioned merely because a prema
ture disclosure of the real candidate's
name would jeopardize the scheme.
It is believed in some quarters that the
real candidate of the coalition is Count
Herbert Bismarck, but, the correspondent
adds, perhaps the suggestion of this name
is made by friends of the Chancellor in or
der to defeat the scheme by connecting
with it a name which is distasteful to the
Emperor.
REJECTED JtT RUSSIA..
Germany' b Overtures for an Alliance
Said to Bare Been Refused.
LONDON, Ej?g., Feb. 2.— The Observer
claims to have authority for the statement
that Germany recently invited Russia and
other powers to co-operate with her in a
plan hostile to the British occupation of
Egypt. Russia refused to accept the pro
posal. |
GERMANS AND BRITONS FIGHT.
Crews of Two Steamers Quarrel Over
the Transvaal Dispute, and One
Man Will Die.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 2.— The Daily
Graphic will tomorrow publish a dis
patch from Brussels saying that the crews
of the German steamer Preussen and the
British steamer Hathmore became in
volved in a dispute Saturday over the
message recently sent by Emperor William
to President Kruger of the South African
republic. Words soon led to blows, and
the fight was progressing fiercely when the
police intervened and arrested several of
the combatants.
One of tne German sailors was so badly
injured by the pounding ne received toat
he is likely to die.
JUSTiy McCAHTJBX>B SUCCESSOR.
ParnelUtes Will Canvas* the Candidate*
at n Dublin. HI feting.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 2.— The meeting of
the anti-Parnellite section of the Irish
Parliamentary party to discuss the selec
tion of a leader in place of Justin McCar
thy, who, it is said, will retire from the
leadership this week, will be held in Dub
lin on March 8. Mr. McCarthy's retire
ment is attributed solely to his declining
health and arrears of work.
The Dublin meeting will merely discuss
the question of who shall succeed Mr. Mc-
Carthy. The final selection will be made
in London. It is the opinion now that
Thomas Sexton, who represents North
Kerry in the House of Commons, will be
selected to lead the party.
All the morning papers will to-morrow
discuss the approaching retirement of
Mr. McCarthy. The Daily News praises
his tact, temper and dignity, and adds"
that if political capacity is the sole guide
in selecting his successor Mr. Sexton ought
to be chosen for the place. The Standard
pays a tribute to Mr. McCarthy's amiabil
ity, and says it does not see a successor to
him who would be capable of holding the
anti-Parnellite party together.
FJtIEyDL Ic TO BAYARD.
A London Editor Hopes the Embnssador
Will JS'ot Re»ign.
LONDON, Eng., feb. 2.— ln its issue to
morrow the Daily News will say it regrets
the action of the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the American House of Rep
resentatives in adopting a resolution cen
suring American Embassador Bayard for
the statements uttered Dy him in his re
cent speeches at Edinburgh and Boston,
England. It will add that Mr. Bayard is
exceedingly popular here, yet he is a per
sistent defender of American interests.
The paper admits that his speeches con
tained unusual attacks upon the commer
cial S3'stem of his own Government, but
says it hopes he will not retire, seeing that
the resolution of censure was adopted by a
purely party vote.
STRIKERS APPLY THE TORCH.
Destruction of Chicago and Southeastern
Railway Property Charged to
the Ex-Employes.
LEBANON, Ind., Feb. 2.— Regardless of
the protestations of the striking Chicago
and Southeastern Railway shopmen of
their intention to obey the law, fire broke
out In the caboose yards adjoining the
shops early this morning. The depart
ment answered the alarm promptly, but
before the conflagration could be brought
under control every caboose in the yard
was destroyed. The shop was saved with
difficulty.
Advices from Westfield, twenty miles
east of this city, are that the depot at that
point, together with a large amount of
freight, went up in smoke. It is alleged
that both fires are the result of the work
of the strikers or their sympathizers.
It is rumored that the trainmen will
quit work unless an adjustment of the
trouble is effected to-morrow. Not a train
passed over the line to-day.
A. CORPSE FOUR I* IN BED.
Mysterious Death of an Utilenown Man in
a Hoard hig-Ilouse.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 2.— The corpse of
an unknown man was found in bed at a
boarding-house at 2650 Pine street late to
night. Ten days ago he slopped at the
place with a woman of his own age, 40,
nnd registered as Mr. and Mrs. J. N'orris.
The man was ill last nicht and the woman
got some laudanum for him. To-day she
was not to be found.
On the. man's arm is tattooed a pair of
hearts piercea by an arrow and the fetters
"D. M. L." His linen was marked "Lon
don." In a trunk was found a card of H
E. Williams, M.D., Cooksville, Pa. On
the back of the card was written in pencil,
"Brandywine Post No. 34, G. A. R." The
mysterious couple seemed to be in good
circumstances financially.
MACKAY'S SAD RETURNING
Arrives at New York From
Paris With the Body of
His Son.
Funeral Services at Greenwood Ceme
tery Veiled by an Air of
Mystery.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 2.— The
French line steamer La Touraine, which
arrived this morning, had among its pas
sengers Mr. John \V. Mackay, the well
kr.own Pacific Coast millionaire, Mrs.
Mackay and their son, Clarence Mackay.
They brought with them the body ot their
eldest son, the late John W. Mackay Jr.,
who was killed near Paris several months
ago.
Air. ana Mrs. Mackay were met at the
pier by the Rev. Father Ducey of St. Leo's
Catholic Church. Almost as soon 88 the
passengers hud left the ship the casket
containing the body was brought ashore,
placed in a funeral car and taken to Green
wood Cemetery.
Before being placed in the magnificent
mausoleum recently erected in Greenwood
by Mr. Mackay, it is said, private funeral
services conducted by Father Ducey were
field.
Father Ducey declined to see any re
porters at his residence to-day. Clarence
Mackay said the family had no statements
to make to the press and that the inter
ment would be conducted privately. An
other authority, however, states that no
services were held to-day, but that they
will take place in Greenwood to-morrow.
Sullivan It Recovering.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Feb. 2.— John L.
Sullivan is recovering from the injuries
received when he walked from a moving
train several days ago. The inflammation
in his wounds is subsiding and he eats
and sleeps well. If no unfavorable symp
toms develop, Sullivan will be able to
leave here Tuesday.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
OVER A MILLION
LOST BY FIRE.
Two Large Business Blocks
in Philadelphia Are
Destroyed,
OTHERS BADLY DAMAGED
Lafayette Hotel Guests Forced to
Make a Precipitate
Exit.
FLAMES IN AN ART GALLERY*
The Hazeltine Stock of Pictures Reduced
to Ashes— Baptist Literature
Consumed.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 2.-Tho
fiercest, most stubborn and most destruc
tive fire that has visited Philadelphia in
years originated at 3:30 o'clock this morn
ing in the cellar of the Hazeitine building,
1416 and 1418 Chestnut street, and before
it had been subdued the Hazeltine build
ing and the American Baptist Publication
Society's building at 1420 and 1422 Chest
nut street were destroyed. The dry-goods
store of Homer Le Boutellier & Co., 1412
and 1414 Chestnut street, was badly dam
aged, and the rear of the Hotel Lafayette,
which faces on Broad street, was damaged
to the extent of $75,000. The approximate
total loss by the fire is $1,075,000, the
greater part of which is covered by insur
ance.
The cause of the fire is not definitely
known. When the firemen arrived, the
Hazeltine building was already a mass o!
flames. The building was several stories
in height, with an ornate front of brick
and terra-cotta. The flames spread with
great rapidity and the fire was soon be
yond the control of the department.
Several alarms brought nearly every fire
company in the city to the scene. The
flames leaped up high into the air and
burst out of the rear of the building on
Sansom street and threatened the hand
some clubhouse of the Union League with
destruction. Fortunately the wind blevr
the flames and sparks in another direction.
The rear stories of the Lafayette Hotel
towered liicjii above the Hazeltine build
ing, and the flames poured over the wall
toward the hotel. By this time most ol
the guests in the hotel had been awakened,
and, as the building seemed in imminent
danger, they -were warned to leave.
Scantily clothed men and women poured
into Broad street, dragging with them
their trunks and baggage. All the night
cabmen in the neighborhood had been at
tracted to the scene, and they garnered a
harvest of dollars in conveying the guests
to other hotels. Police patrol wagons were
aho pressed into service for this duty,
and among those who availed themselves
of this sort of vehicle was Mayor Porter
King of Atlanta and the other Atlantans
who came on here with the Liberty bell.
They passed the remainder of the night in
the Continental Hotel.
There is a story going around that one
of the Atlantans slept all through the ex
citement and descended for breakfast this
morning in blissful unconsciousness that
he had been in peril of cremation. The
story, however, lacks confirmation.
The fire in the meanwhile had spread
from the Hazeltine building to the f jur
atory marble building of the Baptist Pub
lication Society, and this, too, was soon a
mass of flames. Like the Hazeltine build
ing it extends 230 teet back from Chestnut
to Sansom street. The Lafayette Hotel
had reopened only recently, after having
been altered and refurnished at a cost of
$500,000. The firemen directed most of
their attention toward saving this build
ing. It was on tire at least a half-uundred
times, but the department did splendid
work and confined the flames to the rooms
_ '_' XEW TO-DAT.
» ] - /s§£iE?\ '" The dream ofl
v -/^TuL. Ponce de - Leon was «
y»_ jg^RKJN^ • that he might • dis-
fir> Phi(v£*xßl/: cover the fountaia
>i > /y*Sr of perpetual : youth.'
f^fc ?*i7i # c e^ searcnin^f
*-»—^L jfeT / ] \\ • / for it. .The fountain
MrvNi'l 'lif he ; was looking for
'7uK xJ'jli'y 1 11 8 i was an i m P o9s
\\ l \ \f'*\\ \ Mf/ ity, ' unnatural and
li\ a>i \**t*\lwMJ i chimerical. The
1 [^AUMIBtoVB 1 neares t thing to the
V\Vj7~ri|w|nlV# fountain of perpet-
>-^7// nlill\Xmais f l^ y° ut^ i 9 a foun-
- 1 11 rj/ft /tain of perpetual,
]/' /Mm F,W«/ perfect health.
V / IfliVJmßiM / Hea lth keeps people .
I / //Ilk^SeSf i young. Sickness
1/vMMfI makes them old.
7 /V//mbV« Health means first
n '\ Em. VIM / of all strength and
\y /A/m^ftUV m regularity in the di-
r\ /§/ mWi m gestive functions.
|//K • vkaHl ut indigestible mat-
uiA \ \lVf ter into the stomach,
Tv\ \ \sa&i£ an(^ it is likely to
«\A \ ikmlnH find lo^S men t in th«
TuSbS bowels. It will stop
their action. Poi«
sonous, refuse mat-
ter,' which should
AJ|| have been • thrown
. . off,' i9 retained in the
body, and as it cannot go any place i else,
more or less of ;" it ' gets into the blood.
That's constipation. It is such a wonder-
fully simple thing that people do not regard
it seriously. They let it run on. let it grow
worse, become chronic, and \ show itself all
over the body in fifty ways before they cony
wder it important '' Constipation causes
nine-tenths of all human ailments. Its first
symptoms \do riot -| seem very serious, '. but
even they are very disagreeable.. A few of
them are - sour ; stomach, flatulence," heart-
burn, : distress after eating, foul breath, 1
coated tongue, dizziness, palpitation of , the
heart, sick and bilious headaches, general
lassitude and debility. : When any ofthese
symptoms show themselves, you should
immediately take Dr. Pieree's Pleasant Pel-
; lets, according to directions. They are tiny, ;
! sugar-coated granules, made on purpose to
cure constipation. : They do this perfectly,
and quickly, and they are the only prepara- % .
tion in the world that will do it. ; There are
plenty of medicines that will give relief as '-■ '
long- as you keep on taking. them, but you j
can't stop. ;"; They don't cure ; they give f
merely temporary relief. Doctor Pierce 'a f j
Pleasant ; Pellets give immediate relief and ;
produce a permanent cure. ;~2
on the eighth and ninth floors, facing the
fire.
The wall of the Hazeltine building tower-
Ing three stories above the dry-goods store
of Homer Le Boutellier & Co., fell upon
the latter place and crashed through a sky
light in the center of the store into the
cellar. The firemen, however, poured a
great volume of water upon tne smoking
mass of bricks and saved the store from
destruction. It v: as not until the Hazel
tine and Baptist buildings had been en
tirely destroyed, and after five hours of
hard work, that the fire was subdued.
The Hazeltine building was owned by
Charles F. Hazeltine, an art-dealer. The
ground floor was occupied by the Stetson
Piano Company and the second floor by
Mr. Hazeitine as an art gallery. The rest
of the buiJdins: was taken up with studios
and office?. The loss on the building is
probably $250,000, and Mr. Hazeltine
claims that his stock of pictures was worth
$150,000.
The building was fully insured and there
was a partial insurance on the pictures.
J. B. T »Voodford, manager of the Stetson
company, could not estimate his loss, but
it is probably about $75,000, fully insured.
The loss to the tenants of the building
"will probobly foot up $25,000 more. The
loss to the American Baptist Pubiication
Society is $250,000 on stock and ruachinery
and $150,000 on the building. On the
stock there is an insurance of $200,000 and
on the building of $115,000.
In the cellar of the Baptist Publication
Society in vaults is $.'IOO,OOO worth of
plates of publications and it is not known
whether these have been destroyed. The
most serious losa to the publication so
ciety is the destruction of the valuable
library of the Baptist Historical Society
and several hundred papers of the de
nomination that cannot be replaced. The
tenants of the publication society's build
ing lose about $25,000.
- Homer Le Boutellier & Co.'s loss is $75,
--000, cnvered by insurance. The loss on
the Lafayette Hotel is $75,000 by fire and
water, and is covered by insurance. The
hotel is owned by the Moro Phillips es
tate and is leased by H. C. Smith, a well
known Western hotel man. The hotel
was reopened last evening for guests.
Eight or nine of the firemen were in
jured by falling bricks, but none of them
were dangerously hurt. Frank Hines of
Pittsburg, a guest at the Lafayette Hotel,
in descending tue stairs tripped and fell,
breaking his arm and several ribs. These
were tne only casualties.
THROWS Fit Oil THE ROOF.
A. Father* Efforts to Sane His Children
From Cremation.
NEW YORK, N". V., Feb. 2.— "While a
fire was in progress at 30 Rivington street
early this mornine Joseph Kusnner threw
his four children from the roof of hi 3 house
to the roof of No. 32, a fall of about thirty
feet. Bertha, 8 years old, a cripple, had
one of her legs broken. The others suf
fered from the chock, but were otherwise
uninjured. Mrs. Kushner, who tried to
slide down a wire clothesline, fell when
part way down and broke both leg - The
father afterward jumped, but suffered no
injury.
The fire started in the rooms of Maurice
Price, a shipping clerk, who lives on the
fourth floor of the house. The flames were
extinguished with slight pecuniary loss.
STILL BLOCKED BY JONES
Early Action on the Tariff Bill
in the Senate Is Not
Likely.
Cuban and Venezuelan Questions Will
Afford Opportunity for
Debate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 2. — The
Senate does not convene again until Tues
day. It has no unfinished business before
it, and consequently the course of proced
ure during the week may depend largely
upon the action of the Finance Committee
upon tne tariff bill. Republicans hope to
be able to report that measure Tuesday,
but Jones of Nevada,who holds the balance
of power in the committee, and who has
Insisted upon the sugar schedule being
raised in the same proportion as the other
schedules, stated yesterday that he thought
the bill would not be ready to report on
Tuesday. This was some houi-s after the
free-silver amendment had passed the
Senate, and is therefore regarded as indi
cating that Joneß' opposition to the
speedy reporting of the tariff bill has some
thing besides silver back of it. Dubois has
kept his resolution providing for a distri
bution of the appropriation bills among
the various committees in the backsround
because of his desire not to antagonize the
silver bill. That being now out of the wav,
it is not unlikely that he may call this
resolution up at an early day.
The Cuban resolution, reported last
week, and the Davis resolution on the
Monroe doctrine, both of which are on the
calendar, may possibly be taken up, and
if so will afford abundant opportunity for
debate.
The majority and minority report in the
Dupont case, involving the seat of a
Senator from Delaware, will be called up
as a privileged question by Mitchell, chair
man of the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, at the first opportunity.
For routine matters the Senate has the
urgency deficiency and pension appropria
tion bills ready for consideration. Neither
of them is likely to call out any great
amount of discussion.
When the bond-sale bill with the Sen
ate's free-coinage amendment is reported
in the House of Representatives to-mor.
row it will probably be referred to the
Committee on Ways and Means, and, if so,
on Tuesday next when that committee
meets it will iindoubtedly recommend non
concurrence in the Senate amendment.
But whether or not this bill so amended
shall be permitted to st once engage the
attention of the House to the exclusion of
other business has not been determined.
The probabilities are said to be that it will
be sent to conference without much de
bate, and tbe House will proceed witb the
appropriation Dills.
The District o" Columbia appropriation
bill is already on the calendar, and the In
dian and military bilis are simply waiting
to be reported from the committees having
charge of their preparation.
The Foreign Affairs Committee will be
ready at k. me time during the week to re
port the resolution censuring Embassador
Bayard for his speeches at Edinburgh and
Boston, England, and an interesting: de
bate will doubtless occur when that mat
ter is called up for action.
DEATH JM>S HIS SUl'FßlilH/a.
I'nasing of Lieutenant- Commander Car
■modit of the Savy.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb.
ant-Commander Robert A. Carmody, U. S.
N. (retired), died at his residence in this
city at 7 o'clock this morning. He had
been in bad health about a year. Lieuten
ant-Commander Carmody was of the class
of naval cadets of 1867.
Colorado Mines Sold.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Feb. 2.—
The Easter Bell group of mines on Bull
Hill has been bought by a New York firm
for $100,000, ana the Little Johnny has
also been taken by Eastern capitalists for
$80,000.
GERMANS RAIL AT
GREAT BRITAIN.
Scornful Commentaries on
the Speech of Lord
Salisbury.
BITTER PRESS -ATTACKS.
England Accused of Hypocrisy
in Dealing With the
Turk.
ITALY AND THE DREIBUND.
Belief That King Humbert's Govern
ment Will Not Desert to the
Island Empire.
BERLIN, Gebmahy, Feb. 2.— The rela
tions between the Governments of Ger
many and Great Britain have not shown
any signs of improvement within the last
few days and particularly since it became
known that the diplomatic efforts of the
latter have been directed toward involving
Italy in the arrangement between Russia
and Turkey, in an agreement independent
of her present allies. The treaty bind
ing the Triple Alliance— Austria, Germany
and Italy— will fall renewable in 1697.
Hitherto Germany and Austria have had
no reason to suppose that there would be
any change in the relations of the con
tracting Governments which would cause
Italy to desire to alter the terms of the
Dreibund pact, but within the last two
weeks Signor Crispi, Prime Minister of
Italy, is reported to have sent instructions
to the Itatian Embassadors at Venna and
Berlin to sound the respective Govern
ments to which those diplomats are ac
credited as to their views in regard to
important modifications of the responsi
bilities of Italy under the conditions of the
present treaty, and as the result of Crispi's
correspondence with bis representatives
at foreign courts Count Nigra, Italian Em
bassador to Austria, an ardent supporter
of the Triple Alliance, has gone to Rome to
influence the maintenance of the Drei
bund.
In ofhcial circles here no alarm is felt
that Italy's entire withdrawal from the
terms of the treaty upon its expiration
will be sought and accomplished, it being
held that as long as Crispi is in power that
would be improbable, if not impossible.
The embarrassments of the Italian Gov
ernment, through its expenditures on
men and money in Abyssinia, are recog
nized as supplying a fair reason for the
belief that there may be some reason for a
few minor changes in the treaty, but the
Vienna Government seems to have taken
an alarm, especially since the intrigues of
Lord Salisbury against Germany have
assumed a tendency to cut off Italy from
the Triple Alliance.
As an immediate result of the new de
velopments, negotiations with a view to
the determination of a new treaty are
about to be accelerated. That the Berlin
Government will not await the movements
of the British Government to ascertain
how the Dreibund stands goes, without
6aying. The passionate language indulged
in by the semi-official German press in
referring to Lord Salisbury's policy in
Armenia has behind it more than official
inspiration dare denote. Not only does
the divergence of policy between the Ger
man and Enel ish Governments increase,
but the policy of their respective plans
increases also.
The British blue book on the situation
in Armenia, which has just been issued,
together with Lord Salisbury's speech, is
in the meantime becoming a surface motive
for a German attack upon England. The
North German Gazette finds in this official
publication reason easily arrived at that
the British Government delayed pub
licity of the report contained in the book,
not because England did not desire to
further arouse the public against the
Turk, but because the current stories of
the massacres in Armenia were found
upon investigation to have been greatly
minimized. The conflicts between the
Armenians and the Turks at Sassoun have
shown their origin in the deviltry of agi
tators who hatched plots involving vio
lence and disorders.
The Cologne Gazette, in an article upon
this subject, congratulates Germany and
other Continental powers upon having es
caped involving the possible breaking up
of the Turkish empire; and the National
Zeitung, the Hamburger Nachrichten and
most of the other influential German jour
nals concur in rejoicing over the defeat of
Lord Salisbury and in denouncing British
hypocrisy and mendacity in connection
with affairs in the East.
The critical condition of foreign affairs
has altered the plans which the Emperor
had made for his spring outing. Accord
ing to his present programme he has
abandoned his notion of going on the
Mediterranean yachting trip and the
.Empress has also given up her sojourn at
Abazzia.
The Kaiser on Thursday had a long con
ference at tbe Foreign Office with Baron
Marschall yon Bieberstein, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, and had a prolonged in
terview on Friday with M. De Szegyeny-
Marich, the Austrian Embassador.
Having been successful in getting rid of
Dr. Stoecker, formerly court chaplain,
through his enforced resignation on ac
count of his refusal to declare himself
against the doctrines of the Christian So
cialists, the Conservatives are thinking of
throwing overboard Herr yon Ploetz, who
is the president of the Agrarian league.
The Boersen Courier, in an article on this
subject, says it has been only through the
intervention of Baron yon Manteuffel that
Herr yon Ploetz has been thus far saved,
his excess of zeal in behalf of purely Agrar
ian interests having embarassed the lead-
ers of the Conservative party in their plans
for reconciliation with the Government.
The Munich Allgemeine Zeitung accu
rately gives expression to the conservative
sentiment in proclaiming the necessity for
the return of the party to its old traditions
and the cessation of its opposition to the
Government rather than pursue the aim
of a union of all parties of order against
the common foe — socialism.
According to the Berlin Post the reform
of the military laws which has been prom
ised will not be brought before the Reich
stag this session. The time of that body
will be absorbed by consideration of the
civil code. An active agitation is proceed
ing tmong the German women with the
object of obtaining the redress of gnev
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
ances which the present code ignores, and
it is the intention of the leaders of the
movement to petition the Reichstag for
the introduction of Clauses in the code
which will concede to married women
power to dispose of their own property
without requiring the consent of their
husbands. It is also sought on behalf of
married women that they may absolutely
control their own estate, and use the earn
ings thereof as they may see fit. As the
law stands at present the women of Ger
many are distinctly inferior in position to
the males.
It is not believed that the Reichstag
will grant the demands of the petition, as
the advocates of women's rights are chiefly
found in the ranks of the Socialists.
The fetes which took place on the occa
sion of the thirty-seventh birthday of the
Kaiser, on January 27, gave the old Ber
lin Aldermen an opportunity to relate how
the Emperor's father, Kaiser Frederick 111,
when he was Crown Prince, invited a depu
tation of the Aldermanic body, then in
office, to come to the palace and see his
baby son and heir — the present Emperor.
The story, as told, is that the babe was
carried by the Crown Prince and was
passed along the line of the deputation.
Attracted by the brightness of the gold
chains worn by the Aldermen the infant
seized one of them and held tfte chain
tightly, compelling the obese Alderman to
follow along the line until its father re
leased its hold. As the little one was
forced to relinquish his hold upon the
chain he raised his hand in anger and at
the same time set up a roar of rage, where
upon the father said :
"You see a real Hohenzollern. What he
once seizes hold of he never lets go."
The Bundesrath has adopted the Gov
ernment bill increasing the bounty on
sugar and it will now be considered in the
Reichstag and undoubtedly pass that
body. The Emperor and ah the Ministry
are favorable to it. There was a strong
minority opposed to it in the Bundesrath,
mainly composed of representatives from
the South German States.
Baron yon Hammerstein, the abscond
ing ex-editor of the Kreuz Zeitung. who
was recently arrested in Athens by a com
missary of the German police, has arrived
here in custody of his captor and is in jail
awaiting trial.
Among the persons arrested in Hamburg
for an attempt to rob the North German
Bank in that city are three Americans.
Two of them gave their names as Titts,
claiming to be brothers, and the other
gave the name of Taylor. All of them
claim to be commission merchants in New
York.
The members of the Berlin Bourse held
a mass-meeting yesterday, at which a reso
lution was passed pledging the Bourse to
oppose: the Government's bill which aims
to suppress what the measure describes as
illegal bourse transactions.
Frau Friedmann, wife of the Berlin law
yer Fritz Friedmann who recently ab
sconded with another woman and a large
sum of money belonging to his clients,
made her debut as a singer in a Berlin
music hall last evening, and scored a nota
ble success. The announcement of her
appearance was sufficient to crowd the
theater, and the lady was greeted with
prolonged applause.
The Minister of War has issued a decree
making it obligatory that all non-commis
sioned officers in the German army, in
cluding sergeants and corporals, shall be
conversant with shorthand work, and pre
scribing the Stoltz system as that which
shall be generally used.'
HEARS MS OWN DIRGE
Dramatic Suicide of a Young
Swede in a Chicago
Saloon.
Ends His Life While a Pianist Plays
His Country's National
Hymn.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 2.— John Malra
berg, a young Swede, made his exit from
the world in a dramatic manner shortly
after 12 o'clock last night. He placed a
revolver to his head and blew out his brains
in thp saloon of Nels Neuman, 120 Chicago
avenue, whiie the piano-piayer was ren
dering the Swedish national hymn. The
resort was crowded with people at the
time.
Neuman's saloon is a favorite resort for
the Swedish residents, who are plentiful in
the vicinity, and last night there was con
siderable festivity in the place. About 12
o'clock Malmberg came in and took several
brinks. He was well dressed and seemed
to be in good spirits.
He conversed with several of the young
men for some time and then walked over
to the piano-player.
"Play the Swedish hymn," requested
Malmberg, handing the performer a small
coin. The piano-player readily agreed
and started the melody. He was in the
midst of it wnen Malmberg attracted the
attention of all by shouting : ' 'Gentlemen !"
Every one turned to look at the young
man. He held a revolver in his right
hand. The next moment the patrons were
horrified at seeing him place the weapon
to his right temple. There was an explo
sion and the youth fell forward on his face,
expiring instantly.
; CAItRItU OVT TO SEA.
Tiro Men and a Woman J.oat Off Swin
burne Island.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 2.~Colonel
Arnold, the superintendent of Swinburne
Island Hospital, reports that during his
absence yesterday three of his employes,
John F. Furguson, the boatman, Louis
Yon Moes, the butler, and Mary yon Moes,
the cook, wife of the butler, started for
South Beach in a small boat and have not
been heard of since their departure. At
the time of leaving, a dense fog prevailed
in the lower bay, and it is feared that they
have been carried to sea by the ebb tide.
JOTJUED WITH CLOFJEBDALE.
Healdaburg Took a JAvely Interest in
Citrui Culture.
HEALDSBURG, Cal, Feb. 2. -The in
terest in Cloverdale's citrus fair was not
confined to that place alone. Indeed, over
four hundred residents of this place viewed
the exhibits and an effort will be made by
Healdsburgers to get some of the shares in
the Cloverdale Citrus Fair Association.
Last winter twelve hundred orange trees
were planted in this locality, and local
nurserymen say that over 2000 orange
trees and (300 lemon trees have already
been engaged this winter. The Dry Creek
Valley is esDecially adapted to citrus fruits
and several small groves are already in
bearing.
An Oldtime Packet.
One of the most famous of theoldtime
packet lines of ships is at present repre
sented by a single ship, the Great Admiral,
which, under command of Captain Rowell,
recently arrived at Boston in 132 days from
Manila with a big cargo of h^mp. She is
the last of the old "Black Horse" line,
which, when the firm of Baker, Weld <fc
Co. was in its prime, consisted of twenty
eiglit vessels, and went a long way toward
laying the foundations of some of Boston's
fortunes of the present time.— New York
Tribune.
CLAIMS HIS DEAD
SISTERS ESTATE
Case Recalling Lively Inci
dents in Sacramento's
Early Days.
THE WOMAN'S HISTORY.
Shot and Killed a Stage-Driver
and Left Her Bondsmen in
the Lurch..
SACRAMENTO UNION EXTRACTS.
She Was a Wealthy and Beautiful
Woman With a Penchant for
Gambling.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 2.— C. C.
Brown, who went from this city to New
Orleans a short time ago to claim the es
tate left by his deceased sioter, has found
several other claimants who will contend
with him for it. He has therefore written
to Justice Henry, stating that his sister
shot a man in Sacramento in the early
fifties, asking him to interview several old
citizens and get what information he can
concerning the matter, as he thinks it will
form a corroborating link in the evidence
which is necessary to establish his claim
by proving the woman's identity.
The shooting to which Brown refers did
actually take place. In those days Sacra
mento was a lively place and sensational
episodes were of daily and nightly occur
rence. The city was then a great stage
center and stage-drivers wre very impor
tant personages and much in evidence.
One of this class, Albert Putnam, went one
night to a Second-street house in company
witheome friends and became involved in
an altercation with Fanny Smith, and she
shot him. The particulars of the affair
are given in the Union of December 21,
1852, as follows:
About 9 o'clock on the evening of the 20th,
Albert Putnam, who was a stagedriver on the
Auburn road, in company with some friends
went to the Palace, on Second street, between
I and J, as he had often done, being in the
habit of taking parcels there. The house is
kept by Fannie Smith, as she is known. She
was somewhat intoxicated and is known to be,
when in that condition, a desperate woman.
She demanded that Putnam buy a bottle of
wine and he refused. They had a quarrel and
during it he tola her to "dry up" and threat
ened her if she did not do so.
She ordered him to leave the house and tie
refused to do so unless his friend.? approved of
it. She went to the back part of the house and
one of his friends, who was acquainted with
her violent disposition, advised him to leave.
As he had just stepped outside of the door she
returned with a Colt's five-shooter and fired at
his back, ihe ball striking him just under the
shoulder blade and passing through his body,
lodging just under the skin in front. He was
taken to the City Exchange, on Second street,
by his friends.
She ran out on the street in the meantime
and inquired for a policeman and the Marshal
met her and took her to the station-house.
Crowds began to gather almost immediately
on the streets, and. the opinion was freely ex
pressed that she ought to be hanged. The sen
timent gained ground and the continually aug
mented crowd moved down toward the station
house.
As it was evident that their intention was to
lynch her several citizens hastened to the sta
tion-house in advance of the mob and warned
Captain Mace, who vras in charge. He had a
boat ready for the emergency and took Fanny
out and deposited her in the prison brig, in the
river.
The Marshal then addressed the angry crowd,
telling them that she was securely in custody,
pledged his reputation for her safe keeping,
and after considerable expostulation succeeded
in caiming them down in spite of inflamma
tory addresses by others, and after many
threats they departed.
The inmates of the house, meantime, fearinsr
the mob, had packed up their belongings,
ready to leave, but a strong force of police was
stationed there and in an hour or two all was
quiet.
The Union of December 23 speaks of
"Fanny Seymour, alias Smith," as being
tall and graceful, a beautiful woman, with
a fair complexion and light-gray eyes,
strongly marked and expressing in an
eminent degree the possession of strong
passions and implacable animosities.
Another issue gives the statement of a gen
tleman who said that he had seen the
photographs of her two children, who
were at that time in a convent in Louisi
ana, and had read a letter to their mother
from the superior.
The paper, in one of the articles quoted,
also states that she was considered, at the
time of the shooting, to be worth about
$100,000, and that she was evidently pos
sessed of marked business ability. She was
also a reckless gambler.
She was intimate at the time with Reub
Raines, one of the most prominent gam
blers in the city, who ran the El Dorado
gambling saloon, and an old citizen says
she would often mount a bench near the
gambling tables and throw over a $20
piece, with a direction where to place it.
It was generally known in the city at
that time she was the sister of Mr?. Mc-
Cormack, who was also a sister of Brown,
and who left him her property. She was
admitted to bail, depositing $3000, Raines
being one of her bondsmen, but jumped
her bail and managed to escape from the
State, and her bondsmen paid the money.
GOSSIP FROM NEW YORK.
Experts Seem to Be of the Opinion
That the St. Paul Is
Doomed.
Truly the Salvation Army Is Not Re
garded as a Rabble on the
Streets.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 2.-Bids for
the new Government bonds will be opened
by the Secretary of the Treasury next
Wednesday. It is all guesswork as to the
result, although no one cerson believes
tbat the loan will fail, unless Congress
should make a silver break between now
and that date. The tip went around Wall
street yesterday that important bids ought
not to be forwarded under 109. It was
also remarked that President John A.
Stewart of the United States Trust Com
pany, who is coaxing bond-bidders into a
blind pool in order to fix an upset price,
will make an announcement Monday.
The price of Government bonds on the
market has been declining of late, and
they are down pretty low. Whether this
is the result of natural cause in anticipa
tion of the new issue, or artful manipula
tion by speculators, are questions difficult
to answer. Since John A. Stewart became
active in the bond business, J. Pierpont
Morgan has lapsed into innocuous
desuetude, and the gossips say the great
banker is miking. He has a little deal on
in Reading securities that will net him
about $1,000,000.
Further and further in the grasping
sands of Jersey the steamship St. Paul is
being buried, and as each succeeding tide
rises and recedes her condition becomes
more precarious. The freeing of the ves
sel seemed at first a matter of hours, ac
cording to wreckers and American line
people; then days were talked of, and now
the men even speak of weeks.
The opinion of experts is that the ship
is doomed. A large sum of money must
be expended if she is moved to deep water
again.
For the first time in a good many years
there was a suspicion of Frenchiness
about the French ball held at the Madison
square Garden last night. There was more
of the element that ten years ago made
the ball an event, not alone a display of
tawdry costumes and vulgarity. The gar
den was decorated tastefully. The last
year it looked like a barn. This year there
were long rows of paviiion-like boxes
draped in red and white, and other decora
tions on roof and wall.
The grand march brought out a gay
array of women in brilliant costumes, and
there was a parade and ballet dancing by
a special corps. Two bands kept the air
full of music. There was no boisterous
revelry, and the crowd seemed to be mak
ing its own acquaintance, the men some
what surprised at rinding their partners
representing a hiubtr plane than in for
mer years; the women, who seemed to be
in the majority, at little loss perhaps at
finding the tough element rather scarcer
than they had expected.
At midnight there was a good-sized
crowd and the influx from the theaters
was increasing it rapidly with every suc
ceeding minute. Word had gone abroad
that it was to be a quiet ball ; that there
would be dancing on tho floor, not rioting,
and that the football rushes which swept
the floor clean in the final hours of Jast
year would be checked by the police. All
in all, the prospects were for a French ball
which should redeem the fallen reputation
of the fraternity.
Since the announcement of Mr. and
Mrs. Ballington Booth's recall people who
look upon the Salvation Army as a rabble
of the low and ignorant, whose chief ob
ject in life is to make a noise in the streets,
have been wondering why such strenuous
efforts should be made to keep them in
this country. Mrs. Bo oth has made man
friends since she has been here, and her
popularity has not been confined to the
ranks of the army. She is a graceful
speaker and a cultured woman, who has
gifts that might have won fame for her
had she none on the stage.
New York, socially, tried to make a fad
of her several years a^o, and she was in
vited to speak in drawing-rooms that
never before had been invaded by the Sal
vation Army. She talked to the audiences
in these drawing-rooms about the work of
the army, and she got their money to sup
port it.
Then Mrs. Booth went up to Vassar and
told the young women there about her
work, and they organized an auxiliary
league to assist her. She spofce before
several club 3, always appearing in her
army uniform. She is to-day the most
popular officer in the army's ranks iv the
country, and she has done much to lend
dienity to the work iv which she is inter
ested.
"Pedlar" Palmer has evinced a willing
ness to light Jimmy Barry under the aus
pices of the National Sporting Club in May
next, and Richard K. Fox has agreed to
offer a gold and diamond belt to represent
the bantam-weight championship of the
world. Palmer and his manager, Alf
Snelling, called on Mr. Fox yesterday to
leave a challenge to right Dixon at US
pounds for the belt now in the latter's
possession, but were informed that the
lightweight trophy was Dixon's individual
property, he having won it according to
the conditions. Palmer's disappointment
vanished when Mr. Fox expressed his
willingness to offer a new belt. Parson
Davies, who represents Barry, was the
first, however, to propose the inaugura
tion of a new trophy for bantam-weight
honors and pledged himself on Barry's
behalf to contend for its possession.
TOGS AEE A POBTUNE.
London Variety Proves a Bonanza to
Thieves of That That Metropolis.
There are few things that all classes of
London thieves like so well as fogs, and
the thicker these latter are the better, said
a detective inspector to an English writer.
We can always count fully on any foggy
afternoon or evening bringing out hun
dreds of clever professional hands on busi
ness bent, and the reports of thefts at
various centers always increase to a most
appreciable extent after a spell of fog.
Consequently our men are always very
much on the lookout during such weather.
I could tell you one or two curious in
stances of thieves being, so to say, acci
dentally caught in this way.
In one case about two years ago we had
been on the lookout for weeks for an Amer
ican swindler who had several thousands
of pounds' worth of stolen bdnds in his
possession. The inspector who had the
warrant at last declared that this man
must have got out of the country, but one
densely foggy night the former happened
to be in a quiet street not far from Bedford
square, when a stranger, against whom he
nearly ran. said :
"Can you tell me precisely where I am?
I've got mixed up, somehow!"
"Follow me and I'll show you," said the
officer, and he showed him — to the police
station, for the man was the very one he
had buen looking for.
A well-dre3sed gentleman was in a south
eastern suburb helped in a fearful fog by a
pool man, who, with his charge, took tem
porary shelter at a police station. The
gentleman explained that he had just ar
rived from Canada, where he had been for
thirty year?, and that he was now looking:,
in this to him strange land, for a brother.
Explanations followed, and the man
who had helped him turned out to be the
brother he was looking for. I heard the
story from the sergeant, who was present
when tne explanation took place.
But as to fogs favoring thieves, I can
only tell you that we are often rather sur
prised to see alter a spell of fog what an
access of means and extravagance at their
favorite resorts there is among known
thieves.
Remarkable Twin*.
Tillie and Lizzie of Philadelphia, 19
years old, are remarkable twins if the
stories told of them be true. When one
suffers pain the other feeis it also. Either
sister can rind the other in a crowd of any
size "without hunting," as they express
it. The resemblance between the two girls
is remarkable. Both weigh exactly the
same. Their recollections of past events
are precisely the sa.ne. M either one can
recall a single occurrence that did not
happen in the presence of both. It takes
the minds of both to retain a lasting recol
lection of any happening, but when the
fact is once impressed upon the minds of
both neither one forgets its least import
ant feature. .
Hbrseless carriages are now too common
upon the Parisian boulevards to attract
much attention.
HEALDSBURG WILL
EXPAND ITS LIMITS
The Board of Trade Doing
Systematic Work in
the Matter.
A NEW WATER SYSTEM.
Nearly All the Property-Owners
in Outlying Districts Favor
the Scheme.
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETINGS HELD.
The City Will Probably Be Bonded
to Carry Out the Progressive
Enterprise.
HEALDSBURG, Cat,., Feb. 2.— For the
past two months the Healdsburg Board of
Trade has been systematically paving the
way for an increase in the size of the cor
porate limits of this city, and the putting
in of a complete water system. Commit
tees have interviewed property-owners in
the district desired to be annexed and
nearly all are willing to come inside the
city limits.
Several very enthusiastic meetings have
been held, and the most extensive prop
erty-owners in Healdsbure have signified
their desire that the City Council call an
election to vote bonds to an amount suffi
cient to put in a complete water and sew
erage system. Surveyors who have worked
the ground estimate the cost of the pro
posed work at $55,000. Of this sum $30,000
will be needed for the water system.
It is proposed to build a reservoir on
Fitch Mountain, distant two miles froru
this city, and at an elevation of 185 feet,
and pump the water from a well close by
the bank of Russian River. .
It is highly probable that at the city elec
tion to be held in April this place will put
itself in line wich other progressive cities
and vote the bond.
STRUCK A. GOLD LEDGE.
Lucky JFind of Prospectors in Dry Creek
Valley.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Feb. 2.—Consid
erable interest is taken in the operations
of Barton and Hopkins, who are prospect
ing on the Reynolds place in Dry Creek
Valley, and it is stated on reliable author
ity that they have struck a ledge yielding
sufficient gold to justify them putting up
a mill.
Geo. Madeira informed a Call represen
tative that the work of developing the re
cently located onyx ledge would be begun
as soon as the road could be put in shape
to permit the hauling of heavy machinery
to the mine.
The Healdsburg Paint Mine is shut
down, but the machinery is being over
hauled and put in s'aape for a heavy sea
son's run.
Heavy Shipment of Frulta.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Feb. 2.— During
the past week seven carloads of canned
fruits, two carloads of prunes, a carload of
dried peaches, nine carloads of wood, four
carloads of Drandy, one carload of cream
tartar and three carloads of wine have
been shipped from this city.
A Pioneer Stricken With Paralyxin.
HEALDSBURG, Cal.. Feb. 2.— Judge
A. M. Baker, a prominent pioneer of So
noma County, suffered a stroke of paralysis
yesterday and cannot recover.
Dog-Poisoner at Work.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Feb. 2. — Some
miscreant is poisoning dogs in this city.
During the past three days no less than
twenty canines have been sent to the
happy hunting grotic '* by the strychnine
route, some of them ...ng very valuable.
LAST YEAR'S CROP NOTES
The State's Grain Harvest Below
That of the Previous
Year. •
Output of the Beet-Sugar Factories.
No More Fruit Acreage Is
Required.
Tne State Board of Agriculture has sub
mitted its report for the fiscal year ending
January 31, 1896. The past season, it says,
was the most unsatisfactory in the history
of grain-growing in this State. The yield
estimate was 20,779,832 bushels of wheat,
against 26,071,510 of 1894, but with better
prices— sl o2}£, against 88 cents the pre
vious year. The wheat export of 1895 was
20,033,333, an increase of 3,767,000 over 1894.
I From all statistics it can be , seen that
wheat for export is an industry of the past,
and when it is noted that there is and has
been a reduction of over 80 per cent in re
turns during the last twelve years it is not
necessary to ,- search further for reasons
why the wheat-grower has not been pros
perous. - .... •■:-'■,:-•■,■.'■.■; . ■■.■-:<-'■:.'
Summing up* its deductions the report
advises the [ California wheat farmer to
turn bis attention to ; a more ( profitable
crop. It advises the holder of great tracts
to cut up their farm lands into small hold
ings and sell off at such prices as can 'be
obtained He r must reduce his acreage
because no crops that are now grown will
warrant a plant necessary f for extensive
f armin The report further says : J '
There is no disguising the fact that thorough
reorganization ° farmine methods is needed.
Tlio cities,' through » their ( : property-owners '
their merchants, their capitalmtsfmust sooner
or later take hold of the question of agricult
ure. The depression in this noble foflowing
will not be fully felt by the cities until it is too
late to apply/a remedy. It is agriculture that
iupp^^tbTad'e ll66llß th 6 bUBIDeBS Centers
are many subsidiary products ol the Jarm that
will eVen .K at this - time. . return a good-living.
;."' "« i th ? consumers of poultry and eggs
compelled ;to rely " upon : importations from
?h™rV e £- for i' ply | during six months ol
the year? feimply because of a lack of atten
tion to the "chicken business " - •
Kij?., Ph lv^ days °/ -wheat-growing it was
beneath the dignity of many farmers to bother
' with chickens; these products ? were left to
women of the family to : trade for muslins at
.K he store. -■■*■ Now poultry raised in the East is
shipped from one to two thousand miles and
sold in open market at higher prices than our
own product. ) Over 2,000,000 dozen of eggs
from east of the Rockies have been received
and sold in this market : during the year just
closed, and for which the I producers received
an average of 8 cent* per dozen; to . this add 8
cen ior * freight } and commission; thus the
market price may easily oe ftxed at from 20 to
2i> cents per dozen. ,' An off errof ;■ less ' than 110
cents i per dozen to i the -?,. average California
poultry-raiser is considered not . worthy of
answer. ;■:".'■-.■■. .V: ' ",-■.'.■.,.;; ■;«.... .. * . .
An assurance ol ; 10 cents per dozen the "jeat
through would make a neat return on two or
tbree hundred good layers. The fame argu
ment applies to table poultry. With a freight
tariff of at least $ 1 per dozen, Eastern poultry
sells rapidly. Recently a consignment of 4000
fowls, shipped from the State of Kansas, was
received in one of our Cities and sold at prices
satisfactory to the shippers. Wheat will never
again sell in California for $2 or $3 per sack,
and the sooner our farmers of the "old school"
realize this and devote some attention to truck
farming the more prosperous they will be.
Happily the great shrinkage in wheat
exports has been counterbalanced by our
increase in orchard products. In 1882 the
value of fruit shipments was $1,714,04310,
against $15,029,770 in 1894. The report Rays :
At this time we have about met the demand
for fruit, and we deem it inadvisable to further
extend the planting of new orchards until an
increased market is assured, as the trees now
in full bearing, and those that will come into
bearing within the next few years, will supply
all ordinary demand. We consider it better to
extend other agricultural possibilities than to
cripple those now on a paying basis. The cul
tivation of sugar beets and tobacco, truck
farming, the raising of poultry and dairying
offer better inducements at this time than does
the further extension of the fruit industry.
The ahipments of fresh fruit East in
1895 was about 4500 cars, and that of the
previous year nearly 6500 cars.
San Francisco rank* third^ in flatly ex
ports to foreign countries. New York ana
Boston being respectively first and second.
The output from this port in 9o was as
follows : Butter. 411,059 pounds, valued at
$71,181; cheese, 271,101 pounds, at 52,,894;
total $99,075. or about $20,000 less than tnat
of '94. Commenting on this industry the
report says:
No adjunct of farm life offers more induce
ment for further development and extension
than doe* the dairy business if properly con
ducted and no other industry of this State in
vites the attention of capital with the assur
ance against loss that is guaranteed by tins in
terest. Its possibilities are without limit.
The natural conditions of soil, climate and
surroundings for the promotion of tneaairy
interests are not equaled iv the most iavorcd
countries of the world.
This interest needs organization and co
operation. There should be an organization
of milk producers in each county in the Htate.
Mr. Tomasini, a member of the State Dairy
Bureau, has aptly said: "The creamery is the
only salvation for the California dairy in
dustry." By this method the small producer
will be benefited, as a market for all surplns
milk will be secured. There is no one farmer
milking cows but who would profit by the lo
cation of a creamery in his vicinity.
The San Francisco Board of Health have our
lasting gratitude for their earnestness in brine
ing to light the atrocities practiced by tne
average vender of milk in that City. In In
spector Dockery tti2y have selected a faiuinil
and fearless official," whose acts in the fultul
ment of his duties snould receive proper recog
nition from the authorities of San Francisco.
The showing made by this ollieial of the adui
terations of milk, to say nothing of the fllthi
ness practiced by the" so-called milkmen of
that City, brings home to all the necessity of
reorganization of the method of supplying milk
to customers.
It is not generally known, but it is neverthe
less a fact, that California has within her
boundaries more land adapted to the culture
of tobacco than all the tobacco-producing
States east of the Rocky Mountains, and more
particularly is this true as to the production
of the kiad known as cigar leaf, a variety that
has made Connecticut famous; the climate is
also peculiarly well adapted to the curing of
the Havana seed leaf. The coast counties era
more especially the favored section for the
growth of aromatic tobaccos, while the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin valleys will abun
dantly grow the class known as Virginia,
North Carolina and Kentucky tobacco.
The large area of land in California suscepti
ble to sugar beet culture, and the vastly im
proved method of handling this prolific root
in its transformation into sugar, warrant the
State Agricultural Society in again urging its
cultivation.
At $4 per ton, the ruling factory prices of
last season, a profit from $1 50 to $ 2 per ton
has been returned to the producer, with pros
pect of increased yield and correspondingly
greater profit per acre. What California most
needs is the development of her industrial
capacity. Her citizens are not lookine to this
with the vim characteristic of other countries.
In Europe the tendency is to create new in
dustries, and encourage the full development
of her resources for the benefit of her large
population, and with commendable results. In
the matter of this very subject— the growth of
sugar beets — there has oe**n a remarkable stride
within the past few years — more so there than
in any other portion of the globe.
California, with her 1,200.000 population, and
with a territory to supply that is peopled by
65,000,000 souls, could easily maintain, wit ii
the producing quality of her soil, twenty fac
tories at least. Since 1888 the sugar produced
by Belgium has doubled. They are not slow
in that country to recognize their a.AyaarteLstft,
and unless the people of the State tise to rle
situation, the development of many of our
dormant resources will be left to the next gen
eration. As Director Gird truly says in his
recent paper upon the subject of sugar beets:
"We find here in California all those natural
conditions by which the sugar beet was en
! abled to come into existence in its original
home; such as a mild, dry climate, deep al
luvial soil, and long periods of sunshiny
weather, which will eventually cause it to be
come one of the great economical and indus
trial products of California."
The beet sugar output of this State for
1895 was as follows: Chino factory, 22,
--000,000 pounds; Watsonville factory.
21,890,000 pounds; Alvarado factory,
5,400,000 pounds— about a value of $2,04ti,
--520.
The possibilities are favorable for an ex
tension of trade in many agricultural and
horticultural products, the report says.
The fruit-grower should look more closely
to the packing of the dried product. This
class of fruit should be graded and sold in
boxes of from five to fifty pounds in
weight. In the extension of trade in our
products it might be suggested that there
are inducements here for the manufacture
of citric acid from the inferior grades of
lemons, also grape sugar and extracts of
all kinds. Broom corn is another product
that we import and pay $100 per ton for,
when any of our river lands will produce a
superior marketable article. Condensed
milk is brought from Michigan and
shipped from the port of San Francisco to
the Pacific Ocean trade. The meat-curing
industry could be extended with profit,
thereby diminishing the export of this
highly essential article of oommerce.
NEW TO-DAY.
Free
Free
A corps of prominent chiropodists, will
treat patients free of charge during the
month of February ■ for ingrowing nails,
corns, bunions, perspiring feet and all feet .
troubles. This magnificent offer to par-
chasers of goods to the amount of $1 or
over. '
THE WONDER DRUGSTORE
(FLETCHER & CO.),
1028 Market Street.
. Take'advantgg. ,Take'advantgge of this irreat offer.BH
/TT^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
T^ iffiP T HT - -Established
i tllTllr on In 1854 tor the treatment of Private
HyJkJgW In 1854 for the treatment of Private
' I iseuses. Lost Manhood. Debility or
' "mPEmMi si?nfn'ilL eartn %Pw 11 bodyandmlndand
COSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 10'J Fifth St., Ban
i-ranclsco, Cal.— The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, $1. 91 25 an j»1 50 per
day, according lo room. - Meals 25c. Rooms, 50c
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolltan Hotel. : WM. FAHEY, Proprietor.
AUCTION. SAUSB.;
AUCTION SALE.
•fe '£* £t* $&s
. •■ TO-MORROW.
Tue5day....... ............. February 4, 1898, "*
At 11 o'clock a. m., I will sell at
1605 HARK. STKKKT —
80 HEAD OF HORSES, broken, and- unbroken;
a'so Stables, Sheds.' Corrals and Lease.
9 Bayers are cordially invited to do present.
■ Terms cash, unless otherwise agreed upon. .'
, S.L. DANIELS Auctioneer.THE NEWS FROM
MARE ISLAND
Stripping the Baltimore to
Put Her Out of Com
mission.
A TASK OF IMPORTANCE.
The Monadnock Being Prepared
to Do Coast Duty Early
in March.
THE TUG UNADILLA A SUCCESS.
Workmen on the Mohican's Boats Dis
charged Owing to a Lack
of Funds.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 2.— A1l haste is
being made to remodel stores of all kinds
and strip the cruiser Baltimore of her gear
that she may be put out of commission.
The reason of this is that the orders
detaching the officers from the ship, though
in the commandant's otfice at the yard,
cannot be issued to them until after tbe j
stores are turned in to the proper depart- |
ments and accounted for. A board of i
officers will then thoroughly examine every
part of the great cruiser to ascertain more
definitely what repairs and alterations, if |
any, are required. It is no small matter j
putting a ship out of commission. As i
much care is exercised as in placing the
ship in commission. The books of each
department have to tally with what is
turned in, otherwise the officer under
whose charge they have been cannot be de
tached. It is understood that a three- j
months leave of absence will be given to
those who have served their" three years
afloat. The greater number of the ship's
company will be discharged, their term of
service having expired.
The Monadnock is now in dock, being
painted preparatory to her trial trip. It is
understood that on March 2 she will be
commissioned. Lieutenant Taussig, well J
known on this coast, has been assigned to j
her as executive. For a number of years j
he was in command of one of the coast j
survey vessels and is thoroughly ac
quainted with the coast, upon which the j
Monadnock is destined to remain for a ]
time, though there is some talk that she i
may be sent East that the people there
may have an opportunity of seeing the
class of a monitor turned out at the Mare
Island navy yard.'
The new Navy Register has just reached
the yard, the commandant of which i 3
third from the top of the captains' list.
"With the retirement of Admiral Car
penter and the possible retirement, at his
own request, of Rear Admiral Bunce it
will soon bring him in the ranks of the
commodore's column, with the possible
chance after Julj' next of the command of
a squadron and the title of rear admiral.
The tug Unadilla is now ready for actual
duty. She went out to sea last Tuesday
with a board of officers, who gave her a
thorough test of her sea-going qualities,
the result being satisfactory in all re
spects. The department at Washington
has also commended the work of the tug,
which speaks volumes for the manage
ment and mechanics at the yard.
Owing to lack of money several boat
builders engaged on the Mohican's boats
were discharged the fore part of the week.
It is trusted this state of affairs will not
continue long, as there is considerable
work in the shop on boats of various
kinds. But little work has, so fsr, been
done on the Mohican, now lying along
side the coal wharf, near the steam en
gineering buildings.
The Ranger has been hauled out in the
stream— a pretty sure indication that the
winter will have passed before much, is
done to her.
The tug Unadilla made her initial trip
to San Francisco Saturday morning and
gave good satisfaction to her commander,
Sailmaker Redstone, who has charge of
the running of the tug, and to all on
board.
The friends at the yard of Chaplain J.
H. Lewis, stationed for a number of years
at the yard, extend congratulations to him
for having discarded the yoke of single
life and entered that of wedded bliss.
The crew of the Monadnock will leave
the Norfolk Navy-yard about the sth
in»t., coming West by rail. This is the
first time a crew of any size (to wit, 159)
has been transported in this manner. The
men will occupy second-class sleeping
cars, and their meals will be provided for
them at stations along the road. As soon
as the men arrive they will be sent on
board the receiving ship Independence, to
remain until the monitor goes into com
mission.
The grounds about the magazine build
ings are looking better than ever. The
old board fence that surrounded the
grounds proper has b*>en torn down and a
neat railing put up in its stead. All the
buildings and fences along the lighthouse
road have been yellow-washed, thusgreatly
improving their appearance.
RELIEF OF IXJVRED EMPLOYES. \
Yard. Workmen Adopt a Bill to Be Sub-
tnitted to Congre&M.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 2.— At a meeting
of employes of the navy-yard held at the
Naval Union Saturday evening, a bill for
the relief of workmen injured at Mare
Island was submitted and unanimously
indorsed. Copies of it will be forwarded
to our representatives at Washington, with
the request that they use their best en
deavors to secure its passage.
The bill provides, among other tilings,
that any civilian employe at any navy -yard
of the United States accidentally injured
in tue performance of duty, without con
tributory negligence, and while obeying
the instructions of his superiors, shall be
entitled to such treatment,' free of expense;
at naval hospitals as may be required in
the judgment of the - medical officer." in
charge, when such treatment is • feasible
and when there is room for the admission
of a civilian. ..;■•■ . ■ : : ' ■
A cash indemnity is. also provided, to be
ilu mont hly in amountequal toone-tnird
01 tne wa K es per diem or one-third of tbe
a ™°untof salary of whicn the person n
i «, f , was in receipt ct the time of in
luJ*- I same »obe continued so long as
Rn,? SSI Jli ; it >; shall in the judgment of the
\ nili'tr ' Indeni n'ty«lisqualifv.theonein
juredfrom pursuing bisVocatW .■..;-• >l
Rnin-frn Ol jatal casualties, or of death en :
«»ra£r «h' accide ntsarisin X as described in
Fry r^; f h one °J this section, the pecuni
w?d O wff pr ° v ded BhR " be granted to the
widow if such survive the deceaeed, or to
minor children, or to parents previously
dependent upon deceased for support.
WILL NOT BE HANGED.
Three-Fingered Charley to Pass the Re
mainder of His Days at San
Quentin.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 2.—
Three-fingered Charley, the Alaska Indian
convicted of murder and sentenced
to be hanged on the 3d inst., will not
be executed. The sentence, under in
structions from the Department of Justice,
has been commuted to life imprisonment,
and he will end his days in San Quentin.
It is believed that the commuting re
sulted from the threats maae at the time
of sentence by the Indians, who vowed to
inaugurate a relentless and discriminating
warfare against all white persons passing
through the Kake territory to the rich
Yukon fields. The report caused a greut
Bensation throughout Aiaska, and there
was talk at one time of calling on United
States troops in case the sentence wes
carried out.
Sentiment in Alaska for the move for
clemency is divided, some holding that it
will save many lives, while others assert
that as a consequence the notorious Kake
tribe will become even more bold in defy
ing the laws.
The Indian was convicted of the cold
blooded murder of a white trader, who re
turned into the territory for the purpose
of securing pelts in exchange for goods.
GUJfSIJSG FATALITY J-V Olt OX.
lAfelea* Body of a Hunter Found Lying
year a Fence.
EUGENE, Or., Feb. 2.— C. M. Martin of
Creswell accidentally shot himself yester
day evening, probably dying instantly.
He was staying with S. C. Smith at Thurs
ton, and in the afternoon went hunting.
As he did not return at a reasonable hour.
Smith commenced search and found the
lifeless body lying near a fence. It is
thought he cross-d the fence and then
pulled the gun after him muzzle first,
when the hammer caught, exploding the
cap and driving the charge through his
heart. Mr. Martin came to the coast about
eight years ago from Kansas.
PORTLAND`S PARKHURST.
He Startles His Congregation by
Peremptorily Tendering
His Resignation.
The Shorey Scandal, in Which the
Reverend Gentleman Plays
a Star Role.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 2.— Rev. George
i R. "Wallace, pastor of the First Congrega
j tional Church of this city, and the "Park
, hurst of Portland," startled his congrega
tion to-day by tendering his resignation
| and insisting that it be accepted irumedi
; ately.
Rev. Mr. Wallace's action is accepted in
church circles as a sequel to the Shorey
scandal of a few weeks ago, wherein the
reverend gentleman appeared in an
unfavorable light. The pastor of the First
Congregational denies that the late un
i pleasantness has anything to do with his
resignation, which will take effect at once.
He states that the church is heavily bur
dened with debt, and that he cannot throw
his life away toiling to keep the church's
head up. Besides that, he doesn't like
Portland. The finances of the church are
in a bad way, and Rev. Mr. Wallace says
ii is too much for him to help the congre
gation to raise $3000 interest annuallj- be
sides current expenses and the principal
i of the debt, which is $58,000.
j Rev. Wallace has accepted a call to the
! Pilgrim Congregational Church of Chi
cago, that congregation having invited
him recently to succeed Rev. Albert T.
Smalley.
The Shorey affair, which has caused Rev.
Wallace unenviable notoriety, was sensa
tional in its way. Miss Emma G. Shorey,
a typewriter, made charges against Dr.
, Wallace, claiming that he had persecuted
j her and that he had cursed her and so in
timidated her that she had an attack of
nervous prostration.
Dr. Wallace said it was a poor attempt
at blackmail. The trouble between the
young woman, who was also a member of
his church, and the paster was said to
have been caused by s money transaction
between the girl and her father and Dr.
Waliace. Dr. Wallace was formerly pastor
of one of the richest churches in Michi
gan, being stationed at Saginaw.
SAN BERNARDINO'S FAIR
The County to Give a Citrus
Fruit Carnival, Commencing
February 18.
Active Business Men and Low Rail
road Rates Guarantee Its
Success.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Feb. 2.—
j San Bernardino County is to hold a citrus
| fair, beginning on February 18 and closing
on the 22d inst. The fair will be held in
I the big pavilion in this city and promises
to be one of the grandest and most sue- j
! cessful ever held in the county.
For some time past this ujovement has
j been under discussion by leading citizens
j throughout the c ounty, and especially in
j the orange and lemon growing districts.
; The main thing that prompted a holding
| of a citrus fair was to show the world that
i San Bernardino's citrus fruit has not been
! a victim of JacK Frost, as has been re- j
ported on several occasions.
While the fair is to be known as a citrus
fair, still other county products will be ex
hibited, it being the intention to give the
| county's resources in full, and the efforts j
|of the committee will be to that end. The
i work is being thoroughly done, and each
locality has its committee which acts in
connection with the general committee, j
consisting of Hon. H. M. Barton, capital- !
ist; George M. Cooley, merchant: H. H.
Ham and J. "W. Wood, farmers, and C. N.
Damrow, attorney-at-iaw.
With such men at the head of the move
i ment the fair is an assured success, and
Tvith such places as Highland, Redlands,
Colton, Drew, Rialto and Ontario to draw
from for oranges and lemons their work is
made easy.
The railroads also are lending every
effort to make the fair a success. Less
! than one-half rates are given from many I
j points, while the different companies have
declared their intention to distribute ad
vertising matter all over the State, it being
an effort to bring all Eastern visitors on
this coast to the city during the week, in
order that they can see for themselves
what the citrus productions of the big
county of San Bernardino is.
The pavilion in which the fair will be
held is one of the rinest and largest in
Southern California, and is similar to the
Mechanics' Pavilion of San Francisco. Its
standing capacity is ten thousand people.
Already a large corps of decorators are at
work, putting things in shape.
Killed by a Cave in His Mine.
BAKER CITY, 0E.,Feb.2.-J. M. Craw
lord, a son of Judge Crawford, was killed
Friday afternoon by tne caving in of a
bank at bis mine on Saxes Creek in Jack
son County. He was a member of the
A. O. U. W., and his widow through this
order will receive $2000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
PORTLAND FEELS
WELL SATISFIED.
Has Taken a Start in an
Onward and Prosperous
Direction.
A BRILLIANT OUTLOOK.
Interesting Facts and Figures
Regarding Her Commercial
Advantages.
BUILDING TEADES THRIVING.
She Proudly Boasts cf Leading in the
Number and Character of
Her Railroads.
PORTLAND, Ob., Jan. 30.— With the
year iust closed Portland can feel fairly
well satisfied. A halt in the panic of 1893
was called and a start taken in an onward
and prosperous direction. In common
with the whole country Portland suffered
from the monetary troubles that began in
1893 and extended into and through 1894.
This, combined with the exceptionally low
| price of cereals, of which this country is
I so heavy a producer, tested the financial
• resources cf the city. That they stood the
test without serious loss will give an idea
of their stability.
At the annual meeting of the Chamber
of Commerce, held January 23, the secre
tary, Frank Motter, read his annual re
port, from which the following extracts
are taken as showing the condition of gen
eral business:
Speakinc of the business of the year just
passed the secretary says: "A careful esti
mate of the volume of business during the
year 1895 will foot up ?105,000,000, and the
tendency is for the better.
"Business houses numbering 1787, 28 of
which employ over one million capital
each, expresses forcibly our city's commer
cial supremacy. Investigation indicates
an increase in manufacturing and justifies
the estimate of a $32,000,000 output, with
an employment of nearly 14,000 hands.
"One of our most important institutions
and a noteworthy development in manu
facturing during the past year is the Man-
- N PAPER AND PULP MILL* AMD ELECTRIC POWER : STATJON A
CtTj-iWOOLENMILLi AND KLOUi-eiNG MILLS
ufacturers' Association of the Northwest,
which was organized April 22, 1895, with
headquarters in Portland, its objects be
ing to enceurage the consumption and
use of goods manufactured at home.
Clearance-house statistics show a total
of $58,854,284, aerainst $56,582,519 in 1894.
Postoffice business was $2,639,081, against
$2,337,590 in 1894.
"In building the latter part of the year
evidenced marked improvement. A num
ber of fine structures were erected and im
portant additions made to others.
"The coming season promises to be one
of great activity, and plans arc already
drawn for a number of large business
structures.
"The Oriental Steamship Company is
now a permanent institution, six months'
I experiment proving so satisfactory that on
December 13 a contract was signed making
the line permanent and giving a monthly
! service to China, Japan and the Sandwich
| Islands.
"A, fund which it is hoped will reach
$30,000, is being raised to be spent by the
immigration board, advertising Oregon
throughout the East, from which good re
sults are expected.
"The crops of this section were up to tne
average, while those east of the mountains
averaged 70 per cent."
The above extracts give in brief a his
tory of Portland's business during 1895,
and on the whole it can be seen it was
very satisfactory. From the time of its
first settlement, now nearly fifty years ago,
the progress of the village, town and city
has been steady, and at times it seemed
slow compared with others in the wild
vortex of the boom, yet she has had to
overcome n 5 reaction from those fevered
periods that subside and leave a fatal lan
guor behind; the memory of ruined hopes
retarding further progress.
It was a happy chance, the naming of
the future city by the Willamette for the
old one by the Atlantic and decided by
chance, for it was the flipping of an old
fashioned copper cent by the two first
settlers, and Portland won.
The natural advantages of Portland as
the site for a great city are many and
various. It is situated at the head of deep
water navigation and at the natural outlet
for the whole Northwest, the intersection
of the Columbia and Willamette, for the
former is but ten miles off.
To the south stretches the Willamette
Valley for 100 milep, and down the center
runs the river, navigable to Eugene, 120
miles. Over 5,000,000 acres of richest val
ley land are included in this great basin,
where fruits and cereals flourish equally
and crop failures are never known. A
royal region, larger than the State of
Massachusetts, that needs no expensive
works of irrigation to insure a bountiful
harvest, while the river, open the year
through, affords transit for the valley
products.
A navigable river that is a greater reeu
lator of railroad freights than all the rail
road commissions or anti-railroad laws
that were ever created protects the
settler in tbe Willamette Valley from these
exactions that crush many a rich and fruit
ful section.
The trade of this great valley is Port
land's own— its development aids the city's
growth, while that in return affords a
larger market for the small farmers' prod
ucts.
As a home for the farmer or fruit-raiser
no more invitine field exists than in this
valley. Its lands range in price from $10
to $100 per acre, according to improve
ments and distance from market.
The Willamette is but a portion of the
territory over which Portland extends her
trade sway. That other great natural
highway, the Columbia, drains the
greater parts of Oregon, Washing
ton, Idaho, Montana and Wyoming
PAPER A&D PULPMILLl 1
V AND STEAMBOAT CANAL
and parts of British Columbia. This
is the famous "Inland Empire." For
it the Columbia is the natural outlet, and
it always brines down the tribute of its
commerce to its mistress, for Portland is
Columbia's cjueen. Fifteen hundred miles
of river navigation gives this city an ad
vantage over all who would seek to rival
her arid is worth a dozen railroads.
Only two obstacles prevent the uninter
rupted navigation of the Columbia, and
they are the Cascades and The Dalles.
Around the first the Government is con
structing locks and has spent over $3,000,
--000, the completion of which is expected to
take place on the Ist of AJareh of this
year. It has taken many years to finish,
out the work is well done and will be of
great and lasting benefit to this city. The
next great Government work in the* North
west will be to supersede the railroad that
now transfers goods around The Dalles by
a canal.
While commanding a river service un
surpassed Portland also stands at the head
of Pacific Coast cities in the number and
character of its railroad connections.
Practically four great overland roads ter
minate here. Over the Oregon Railway
and Navigation line comes the Union Pa
cific and Great Northern, while the North
ern Pacific and Southern Pacific come in
over their own lines, all centering into
the great Union Depot, now receiving its
finishing touches, said to be among the
finest in" the country. In addition to. these
trunk lines, three lines extend down the
valley to meet local needs, while the net
work of branches east of the mountains
finds egress to Portland over the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company's lines.
A new road that will open up a country
rich in timber and mineral wealth is that
now being constructed between Portland
and Astoria, and that will probably be
completed by fall-
Lines of river steamers ply between Port
land, Corvalhs. and Eugene on, the Wil
lamette and on the Columbia; several
lines run to Astoria, dovrn the river, and
to Dalles, up the river, while the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company runs
boats to the head of navigation on the
i Columbia and Snake rivers. Small local
! linos run to all the near-by river towns.
Down the coast three companies run
steamers to San Francisco and intermedi
ate ports, while across the Pacific the Ori
ental Steamship Company's 5000-ton boats
give a monthly service to China, Japan
and the Sandwich Islands, and the line
finds more business than it can accommo
date.
In the matter of suburban transportation
there is an unsurpassed system of electric
| roads connecting the city with near-by
towns. The most important is the line to
Oregon City, at the fall of the Willamette,
a place of about 6GOO peeple and twelve
miles distant. This place is the coming
manufacturing center of ihe State. To the
north a line extends to the Columbia and
by ferry across to Vancouver, the princi
pal military post of the Government in the
Northwest, and about which a flourishing
town of several thousand has grown up.
Vancouver is one of the oldest places on
the coast and was for years the head
quarters of the Hudson Bay Company,
wiien it and the American Fur Company
contended for the fur trade of the con
tinent. Then England claimed the Co
lumbia as her southern boundary, but was
obliged to be satisfied with a line a couple
of hundred miles farther north.
Other suburban lines connect with
Mount Tabor University, Edgewood, Mil
waukee, Sillwood and otheT adjoining
towns where various causes have com
bined to build up settlements soon to be
included in the extending limits of Port
land. The city proper is well provided
with electric roads that render every part
readily accessible.
More than all Portland is proud of her
position as a manufacturing center. The
natural advantages of her location contri
butes largely to her commercial supremacy,
j but it is to the enterprise of her citizens
' that the credit for her position as a manu-
facturing city is due. According to th
report of Mr. Hotter the output for th_
past year reaches $32, 000,000 and employ"
merit* was given to over 14,000 hands, with
the great forests of Oregon pine so near at
hand, lumber and kindred industries nat
urally take first place — over 3000 persons
being employed and an omput of $4,000,000
reached. At one of the suburbs, Oswego,
the only iron furnaces on the coast are op
erated. The plant represents an invested
capital of $1,500,000 and produces the high
est grade iron. In the city the various
iron works, foundries, stove works and a
rolling mill furnish steady employment to
upward of 2000 men. Two packing com
panies, a cannery, cracker factories and
flour mills give employment to a large
number of hands ana afford a ready cash
market for the products of the farmer,
the frnit-erower and the stock-raiser.
All the various branches that go to make
up the business of a manufacturing center
ara represented. The great advantage of
natural position, cheap transportation and
abundance of raw material close at hand,
arc supplemented by the possession of one
of the greatest and most available water
powers known. The falls of the Willam
ette furnish a power variously estimated
at from 60,000 to 100,000 horsepower, three
to five times that furnished by the falls of
St. Anthony, which built up the city of
Minneapolis. It has, too, the added ad
vantage that ice never interrupts the reg
ular flew of water. At the falls woolen,
paper and flour mills have been erected
that support tlie city of 6000 that has
grown up there. It is from these falls
Portland is to draw the power that drives
the wheels of her varied industries.
The Portland Electric Company, a cor
poration with a capital of $4,250,000, has
just completed at the falls a great electric
power station that transmits 12,000 horse
power to the city, and i 3 prepared to in
crease the amount as fast as the demand
arises. This power is furnished at a frac
tion of the cost of steam, and, combined
with her other advantages, gives Portland
a certain future as the great manufactur
ing city of che Northwest.
The educational facilities are inferior to
none in any branches. The High School,
erected over ten years ago at a cost of
$125,000, was for years the finest high
school building on the coast.
The city owns its own water works, and
supplies the purest of mountain water to
its citizens at reasonable rates. The plant,
which has just been greatly enlarged, has
cost upward of $3,000,000.
In the wholesale trade, with many
houses dating back to pioneer times, there
has been hardly a failure of first impor
tance, a fact that will speak volumes to
the business man of the stability of the
city and the prosperity of the country
tributary to her.
The city is built on both banks of the
Willamette and for years communication
between the two portions was by means of
ferry-boats, but the last line of boats was
withdrawn when the city purchased the
Stark-street ferry during the past year. In
the place of the old-time boats four hand
some bridges now span the river, the latest
and handsomest being the Burnside-street
bridge, a very fine steel structure costing
$300,000.
The city is adorned with a number of
elegant church structures, mostly of stone.
The public library contains 40,000 volumes
housed in a large imposing stone build-,
ing, the gift of the late Mrs. Ella M
Smith, ana only lattly completed at a cost
of $125,000.
The city has just had turned over to it
as complete the new City Hall, a fine com
modious structure, where every office and
hall is light, airy and comfortable, in
striking contrast to the usual public build
ings, where the dark cheerlessness causes
visitors to fear he has stumbled into jai 1
by mistake.
The prospect ahead for Portland for the
coming year is very bright, and not only
for the city itself but for the country of
which it is the trade center, and without
whose prosperity no city can have a
healthy growth.
A. VICTIM OF M OJtFHiyE.
A Young Engineer Hit* at Sacramento
From V*e of the Drug.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 2. — C. E.
Vongoes, a well-known locomotive en
gineer, was found in an unconscious con
dition this afternoon near China slough,
in this city, and after being removed to,
the Receiving Hospital he died in about
four hours without becoming conscious.
It has been discovered by the police, who
have been investigating into the cause of
Vongoes' death, that for some time past
he has been associating with opium fiends
when off duty and had contracted the
morphine habit, and it is believed that
to-day he took an overdose.
Vongoes is a young man and has a
mother and sister who reside in Oakland.
He is a member of Liberty Lodge, Knignts
of Pythias, of that city, in good Btanding.
For nearly thirteen months he has been
running the local train between this city
and Benicia, and it is supposed that, re
moved from home influence, he fell into
bad compauy. So carefully had he con
cealed the fact of being addicted to the
morphine habit that his daily associates
were horrified at hearing it.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Preparing for the Visit of the
Hotel Men's Mutual
Association.
After Lunch and a Ride Through the
City They Will Leave for
Monterey.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 2.-G. Wharton
James of Pasadena was in this city yester
day making arrangements for the vistit of
the Hotel Men's Mutual Association of
the United States on Saturday, Febru
ary 22.
The visitors will come here from Palo
Alto and take lunch at the Vendome.
They will make a stop of several hours in
the city, and in all probability will be
taken for a drive about the city. The
visitors will number several hundred.
Late in the afternoon they will leave for
Monterey, where they will stop over Sun
day and make the seventeen-mile drive.
They will return to San Francisco on
Monday, and on Tuesday leave for their
homes over the Central Pacific.
TWO DETECTIVES ARRESTED. \\
Charged With Having Enticed a Boy to
I'urchaae Liquor.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 2. — William
Morss and H. P. Hawkins, private de
tectives who nave figured prominently in
prosecuting liquor-dealers for selling liquor
to minors, were arrested last evening on a
misdemeanor complaint, charging them
with having enticed a minor to purchase
intoxicating liquor, and caused the same
to be delivered to them.
The complaint is sworn to by F. Donson.
The minor is Paddy Olmstead" a thirteen
year-old boy, who has been the principal
witness in the recent complaints sworn to
by President F. R. Shatter of the Humane
Society, charging saloon-men with selling
liquor to minors.
Morss and Hawkins spent the night in
jail, in default of $500 bail each, but this
morning Morss was released on $250 casn
bail.
THE PROHIBXTIOXISTS.
San Jose Will Endeavor to Secure the
State Convention.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 2.— At a joint
meeting of the Prohibitionist county and
city central committees last evening it
was decided to make strenuous efforts to
secure the State convention of tho party
for this city. A strong committee will be
appointed to appear before the State Cen
tral Committee, which meets at Oakland
on February 20 to select a place for hold
ing the State convention, and urge the
claims of San Jose.
The Prohibitionist city committee will
meet some night during the coming week
to make arrangements for a city conven
tion. The party proposes to take an
active interest in city politics this spring.
Jturglara Loot a Residence,
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 2.— Burglars en
tered the residence of 0. T. Hatch, at 492
North Twelfth street, yesterday afternoon,
and earned away 54 in cash and sundry
small pieces of jewelry. The family were
absent at the time of the robbery. En
trance was effected by prying open a bath
room window.
PASSED A SHIP ON FIRE
The Burning Vessel Is Supposed
to Be the British Bark
Ninevah.
No Evidence of Life Aboard— The Crew
Believed to Have Been
Rescued.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 2.—
The barkentine Modoc arrived here this
morning from San Francisco and reports
passing a ship on fire in 48 deg. 50 mm.
latitude and 127 deg. 30 mm. longitude. It
is the belief that the burning vessel is the
British ship Ninevah, which left Vancou
ver on the 18th ult. and Clallam Bay on
the 24th, bound for Sydney. The fore
lower topsail and the inaintopstay were
set, and the craft appeared to be full of
water. There was no evidence of life
aboard the unfortunate craft, and after
cruising about in the vicinity until it be
came apparent no assistance could be ren
dered the Modoc proceeded to this port.
The derelict . was sighted on the 28th,
and was then about 140 miles due west of
Cape Flattery. It is the current belief
that the officers and crew have been rescued
by some outward-bound vessel.
A X . C OyFIBJUJSO' BUM 08.
The Bark Xinevah Said to Be in Trouble
Off Cape Flattery.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 2.-
There is a report here that the ship Nine
vah is in trouble off Cape Flattery, but no
definite information is to be had. The re
port is not credited at the office of that
Puget Sound Tugboat Company, as g of
corapauy would be notified of anythin aits
the kind" from its agents along the str the
and at the cape.
The Ninevah was towed to sea on the
night of January 2 by the tug Tacoma,
and Captain Bullong says it was a nasty
night outside the cape, and he feared for
the safety of the vessel then. The tug Ta
coma was outside Cape Flattery at 8:30
this morning, and arrived here this after
noon, but Captain Bullong says although
the weather was clear he saw no vessel
outside. A westerly wind has been blow
ing the past two days outside, and a ship
could easily have spread its canvas and
come inside the cape during that time.
PACIFIC COAST
LUMBER TRUST
The Central Company of
California Ready for
Business.
A CAPITAL OF $70,000,000
First Move Will Be an Ad
vance of Two Dollars
Per Thousand.
THE RESULT OF COMPETITION.
The Combine Embraces All the
Dealers and Ship-Owners
on the Coast.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 2.— A Morning
Union special from Port Townsend an
nounces that the mammoth lumber trust
of the coast, known as the ''Central Lum
ber Company of California," went into
effect last night. It represents a combined
capital of $70,000,000 and includes in its
membership every lumber-mill and all
the wholesale and retail dealers, as well
as shipowners, of the coast. The first
move will be an advance of $2 per thou
sand.
Prominent lumber men of Tacoma say
they have been losing money for three
years through competition with each other,
and the combination is for the purpose of
regulating the trade and stopping ruinous
1 competition. They claim that the Port
I Townsend announcement that the combi
nation has gone into effect is premature,
but acknowledge that all arrangements
have been completed and official announce
ment is probable very soon.
DEJLTU COMES SUDDEXLY.
Hanker George Jilis* of Sew Torh
Stricken by I'urih/xi*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 2.— George
Bliss, the senior member of the banking
firm of Morton, Bliss & Co., died early thii
morning of paralysis of the heart.
Mr. Bliss was in his eightieth year. He
had not been ill and deatii came to him
suddenly. At midnight he complained of
a choking sensation. A physician was
sent for and did all he could for Mr. Bliss,
but he sank rapidly and died an hour
afterward. Several members of hia family
were at his bedside.
The deceased was actively engaged in
business to the last day. He was at the
banking establishment Saturday and
seemed to be enjoying good health.
Drowned White < toss in y Big Creek.
NEWPORT, Or., Feb. 2.— Thomas Brijrgs
was drowned to-day while crossing Big
Creek at Ocean Beach, near Cape Foul
weather. He was on horseback, and a
large breaker swept man and horse with a
lot of drift logs out to sea. When Briggs
was last seen he was clinging to a Tog
some distance off shore. The horse suc
ceeded in reaching shore without saddle or
bridle.
JOY'S
Vegetable
JOY'S
Sar
JOY'S
sa
JOY'S
parilla
JOY'S
: IS :
JOY'S
Easy,
JOY'S
Soothing,
JOY'S
Comforting.
JOY'S
CURES
JOY'S
Constipation,
JOY'S
LiVer
JOY'S
and
JOY'S
Kidney
JOY'S
Affections.
JOY'S
34
POSITION OF THE A. P. A.
It Is Defined by the State Presi
dent of the Organiza
tion.
SCHOOLS AND IMMIGRATION.
Two of the Great Questions That Are
to Receive the Particular At
tention of This Body.
• In calling to order the citizens who as
sembled yesterday afternoon in Metro
politan Hall to attend the good citizenship
meetine, Chairman H. W. Quitzow, with
a recollection of what had occurred at the
meeting of a week ago, made the following
remarks:
"If there are any persons present who
intend to create a disturbance I would
advise them not to do so, and I would also \
ask that there be no cries of 'Put him
out,' us the nshers are prepared to handle
them."
The feature of the preliminary exercises
B. F. liUDELSON. STATE PRESIDENT OF THE A. P. A.
[From a photograph.]
was a vocal duet entitled, "Patriotic Edu
cation," rendered by Miss Anita Schmeid
and Miss Myrtle Watkins.
B. F. Hudelson. State president of the
American Protective Association, made
the address of the day, taking as his sub
ject "The Proper Delinitiou." lie spoke
as follows :
"I shall make no effort at oratory this
afternoon, but shall as a plain man and in
a plain way discuss questions relating to
and setting forth the principles of the
American Protective Association.
"We have heard much from our friends
on the other side about one plank in the
platform of this organization, but you
will notice, and probably have noticed,
that they have not discussed the olher
planks in the platform. They Have held
to the one question, and that the question
which relates to the church. This is the
question doubtless they are most inter
ested in.
"The American Protective Association
is in America to remain until the purpose
for which it was originally organized has
been accomplished. This might as weil be
understood now as later. The American
Protective Association is not a theological
seminary nor a political organization.
"Wnen 1 see an organization fighting
political organizations through the press
and from the platform— lighting them by
day and fighting them by night, bringing
forth the very best talent in that organi
zation — it is useless for that organization
to tell me that it is not in politics also.
"The American Protective Association
is an organization vrbich stands lirst and
foremost for the fundamental principles
underlying the republican form of gov
ernment. It is an organization which has
no principles to surrender or to com
promise.
"We do not make an attack on any
man because of liis religion. It is beneatli
the dignity of this organization to attack
individuals. We deal with principles and
discuss systems, and we are persuaded
that there is good reason for our existence.
"I Khali submit to you this evening
some facts and ligures. I propose to sub
mit to you the proof of what I shall have
to say. and if there is a man of the Roman
Catholic church within the sound of my
voice, I want to say to him that he has no
better friend in the State of California
than I am. I would not do any in justice
to him, and I would never intentionally
wound the feeling of any man of that
church.
"We believe that the politics of our coun
try needs purifying, and we think that lor
your side the politics of the country needs
purifying. And organized effort is neces
sary to bring about this result.
"We believe in our public schools. We
believe that in every State there should be
a law that would be forever a bar to the
instruction of anything of a sectarian char
acter in our public schools.
"We believe in the restriction of immi
gration and in discussing the questions so
as to settle them. I 6hall deal with the
question of immigration first.
"Prior to 1820 we have no accurate sta
tistics bearing on the subject, but it is es
timated that from the close of the Revolu
tion to 1820 only about 250,000 immigrants
arrived in this country. From 1820 to the
present time we have accurate statistics,
and they teach a lesson. For the decade
ending with 1830 there arrived 125,093 im
migrants in this country : for the decad*
ending with 1840 the arrivals numbered
539,391; for the decade ending with 1850
the number was 1,420,337; for' the decade
ending with 1860 it was 2,799,423; for the
decade ending with 1870 it was 1,904,061;
for the decade ending with 1880 it was
2,834,040; for he decade ending with 1890
it was 5,246,630. *
"For this last decade the aggregate im
migration was one-third as great as for the
entire sixty years preceding. If the
average for the decade ending with 1900 is
maintained on the basis of 1892, the
arrivals will number 7,000,000.
•'Now, with this vast number of immi
grants coming upon us, is it not proper to
ask who and what they are? We find that
a very large percentage of those who have
been coming in of recent years are illiter
ate, criminal and destitute, who care
nothing for the Government from which
they came, and nothing for the Govern
ment to which they come. They leave no
family ties behind; and they have none
here, and they do not identify themselves
with our institutions, and never even learn
to read. In fact a large percentage of
them do not even take interest enough in
our country to learn our language.
"These concentrate in the large cities
and are used b\ r an element in politics tliat
threatens our existence — the bosses and
boodlcrs, whose existence is being assured
by this class of immigration.
"Now do not understand me as saying a
word against a man or woman on account
of where he or she was born. It is the
class of criminals, paupers and vicious
niinaed that I am opposed to.
"In a republican form of government we
must look well to our citizens: we must
look well to the standard of citizenship.
There is no form of (rovernment that is
not in danger if its standard of citizen
ship is not high, and tiie republican form
of government is the most dangerous
form of government under such condi
tions.
"Let us see if there is not a large per
centage of paupers and illiterates among
the immigrants coming to this country.
In 1809 9 per cent of the immigration came
from the countries that I shall name-
Austria, Hungary, Italy, Poland and Rus
sia, while 73 percent came from the United
Kingdom, France, Germany and Scandi
navia. In 18'J4 the 9 per cent from the
countries named had increased to 43 per
cent and the 73 per cent from the other
countries named had decreased in propor
tion. Hence we can account for the ele
ments that have come in upon us in recent
years.
"From the census of 1800 of the United
States we find that s(i.Bt per cent of all the
prisoners are foreign born, and that they
also comprise 33% per cent of the insane
and 58.44 per cent of the paupers. "When
we consider the comparative numbers of
native born and foreign citizens, we can
readily see that the immigration is com
posed very largely of the people ot the
yery lowett grades of society.
"We also have figures to show that this
immigration is largely on the increase.
For the six roontiis from May to October
inclusive of 1>!»4 the arrivals at New York
of immigrants were 92,673, while for the
same period of 1893 they were 142.K54.
"Another great problem In the United
States is the labor problem."
The speaker then called attention to the
appointment of a commission in Massa
chusetts whose duty it was to investigate
this question. He stated that their report
was to the effect that the evils that re
sulted from the large body of unemployed
was due to ill-advised immigration laws.
This commission also staled that the
United States was attempting to solve the
question for Europe as well as for the
United States, and stated that the only
solution could be found in a law for the
proper restriction of immigration. The
speaker then continued:
"The American Protective Association
believes that this is not. a proper condition
of things and that it should be remedied.
It holds that the United States of America
shall not be and must not be a dumping
ground for the pauper 6 and the criminals.
[Applause.]
"I believe that this is a political question
and do not think it is a religious question
at all. This is one of the questions never
touched upon by the other side.
"We have figures to show that in 1895,
quite recently, you see, 72 per cent of the
immigration was destined for the four
States of Illinois, Massachusetts, New
York and Pennsylvania. In 1882, 79.5 per
cent of the immigration was destined for
and located in the following seven States:
New York, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Massa
chusetts. New Jersey, Wisconsin and Ohio.
"Ask yourselves if there is not a plan in
thi*. Tnese are the strategic States. If
they stand together they can hold the bal
ance of power in Congress. Why are
these immigrants being strategically
located where bossism- and boodleism nre
thriving? We ought to look into tins.
We ought not leave this question until it
becomes to big for us to grapple with. We
ought to look after it now. lam afraid of
that man who says, "I owe nothing to pos
terity." What will this country be in
half a century if this thing continues.
Look but a few years ahead and you can
see the handwriting on the wall.
"The politicians have known theso
things for years. Why is it it has not
been made a strong plank ol one of the
two great parties? Is it not time that
Americans should come together and or
ganize in their own interests?
"There is another question that some of
us are interested in and that is the school
question. [Applause.] Soma of us are
very much interested in our public schools.
We believe in them and send our children
to them. There is the test of one's belief.
They come and tell me that they believe
in the schools that they never send their
children to. This school question is a ques
tion in the United States to-day. It has
never been settled."
President Hudelson then called attention
to the attempt made in 1693 to pass a bill
through the Legislature of New York pro
viding for an apportionment of the State
school fund among the Catholic parish
schools as well as among the regular pub-
I lie schools, and referred to the dilemma of
the politicians in regard to this measure.
He declared that they had a poker that
was red hoi at both ends and even hotter
in the middle. And this he declared to be
the condition of the public school question
to-day. Continuing, he said :
"That bill was eventually withdrawn,
and so the matter rests at present. But
we don't want a question like this to rest
any longer; we want it settled. The public
school is too dear to us. It means too
much to our children to allow the question
to rest. It must be settled once for all.
The catechism is never coming into our
public schools. [Cheers and applause.]
"Friends of San Francisco, it seems to
me that these are questions of a political
character. They are not theological
questions.
"The American Protective Association (I
am stating this officially, as all I have
stated is otlicial) does not care wnat your
| tenets are, but we do propose to sac "that
nothing of a sectarian character is intro
l duced into our schools. It is not against
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
the Roman Catholics alone in this respect,
but against every denomination.
"There are other conditions with which
we are confronted that ought to cause
Americans to thinK. I need not relate to
you that a priest of the Catholic church,
out of deference to his being a priest, has
been allowed to go on the stand and give
his testimony without takine the oath in
compliance with the law. This, you all
know, occurred on April 3, 1895, in Judge
Troutt's court. This was a gross and un
warranted violation of the law. Two
women were also witnesses in this case,
but no one made an effort to have the
oath dispensed with when they took the
stand. The judiciary is a part of our Gov
erment, and when we see the judiciary
recognize a man because of his religion it
is time to ask, Where are we traveling?"
The speaker then referred to what he
called the recent riot in Boston, and said
that the incident that there took place
ought to be kept constantly before the
American people. Continuing, he added:
"It indicated the presence of an element
that must be put down by American
workers."
He then related how the Catholics in
derision had a float in the procession, on
which was represented an old hag, on
whose back appeared a placard inscribed
with the words "I am a teacher in the
little red schoolhouse." Continuing, he
said:
"In the afternoon there was an Ameri
can procession and it was attacked by a
mob. Some one — I cannot call him a
man— he was a traitor [cheers and hisses],
a damnable villain, seized the sacred folds
of Old Glory and tore her from the mast.
The battle-flag was torn to shreds.
"Where has there been a Catholic who
has discussed any of these points as an
American citizen? They discuss them
from the standpoint of a Roman Catholic.
"Let me call your attention to another
fact. Father Caraher in his recent lecture
made a statement more damaging to the
system of the Roman Catholics than any
thing said by any member of the A. P. A.
He spoke of the defenseless condition of
the Catholic nuns in reference to the at
tacks that had been made upon them and
stated that they were unable to use voice
or pen or move hand or foot in their own
behaif.
"If this be true, don't you think it was
about time that the A. P. A. was coming
forward and saying: 'Open up your mon
asteries and nunneries to public inspec
tion.' Under the constitution of the United
States the right of self-defense must not be
denied to any man or woman, boy or girl."
FATHER M'NALLY'S WORDS.
The Oakland Pastor Eloquently
Comments on the Controversy.
Catholics Loyal Citizens.
Rev. P. McNally, pastor of St. Patrick's
Church, West Oakland, spoke to his con
gregation last evening upon the Yorke-
Ross controversy which is being conducted
through the columns of The Call. The
church was comfortably filled, and it was
apparent that those present were deeply
interested in the eloquent and at times
keenly satirical words of the reverend gen
tleman.
It was a digression, so he said, but the
temper of the times demanded that refer
ence be made to not only the controversy
itself, but to the accusations and argu
ments contained in it. Father McXally
spoke plainly enough, for he went so far
as to exclaim:
"I can swear with my right hand raised
that I owe no civil or political allegiance
to ihe Pope of Rome; and everyone of
you can do the same. Every Catholic can
swear it."
The speaker did not confine himself to
the controversy. He took advantage of
the opportunity to make concise and clear
expositions of Catholic doctrine regarding
points that have been assailed, and to pre
sent distinctly the Catholic attitude to
ward Rome and to America. He declared
with unmistakable emphasis that Catholics
were taught nothing or required to believe
nothing that would make them a disloyal
citizen.
"In faith and morals, '' said he, "we owe
allegiance to the sovereign pontiff. We
have nailed our colors to the mast and the
world can see them.
"Dr. Wendte comes;out in the paper and
gives credit to Father Yorke that he is a
loyal citizen. For nis information I do
now proclaim as I stand here on this altar
as a priest of the living God, we are in
obedience, in the allegiance of the strict
obedience, which never fails or falters, to
the vicar of the churr h of Jesus Christ in
the matter of iaith and morals.
"In regard to the controversy Father
Yorke is in it alone; nobody in the world
is helping him at all. Ho" would not be
in it at all only he was placed there.
Just at the time he assumed the editorship
of the Monitor A. P. A.-ism began to
come out. Father Yorke was thrown into
it; and then when those itinerant preach
ers came around, and at the Metropolitan
Temple and other places began to calum
niate Catholics and talk against the Cath
olic Church he was forced to reply to
them. These men accused Catholics of
being everything that is bad, of being in
civil and political allegiance with Rome
and for that rea*on we couid not possibly
be good citizens of our country. Does not
truth and honor and justice require some
man to stand up and refute these slanders?
"This gentleman from Canada said such
and such were the teachings of the Catho
iic church. 'Prove it,' said Father Yorke.
'I say there is no such doctrine in the
Catholic church and that you are a ca
lumniator. Show me the book, tell me the
page or the name of the book from which
you took your authorities.' The gentle
man from Canada could not give the proof.
And yet Father Yorke would have to preach
with him for several nights in the Pavilion
in San Francisco and help to sell tickets
yes, sell tickets— to please him.
"These gentlemen who later dropped
into the controversy no sooner showed
their heads than they were driven back
into their holes. Dr. Bovard, Dr. Case and
the other doctors — all have gone and are
silent now. "Why? Have they proved any
thing? Have they proved their assertions?
"Then Dr. Wendte came upon the scene,
and people said : 'Now, Father Yorke,'
you have a foeman worthy of your steel '
In letter after letter Dr. Wendte said so
and-so, pive quotations as proof, and
Fat:ier\orke showed him where he was
wrong. Next day Dr. Wendte replied: 'I
haven't time to look for quotations ; I only
took my notes I had at school.' Father
Yorke's reply was: 'Dr. Wendte, you
should not come into this controversy
with schoolboy notes.'
"We are accused of being in such a posi
tion that we can't be good citizens. Where
are the proofs? I say unhesitatingly that
good must come from this controversy
Protestants had not heard the truth of the
Catholic church, and there were many
things they would like to hear. Now they
take an interest in the subject and read
what they would not have noticed before.
Father \orke has shown them all these
things, which have made a wide and deep
impression. The people have heard there
is nothing in Catholic doctrine that would
cause Catholics to be disloyal citizen*
"Father Yorke has sworn he owes no
political or civil allegiance to the Pope. I
swear the same thing with my right hand
up, and so do you ail.
"Dr. Case in San Francisco comes out
and declares that we adore the Virgin
Mary. A thousand million times the world
has been told that Catholics do not adore
her, that they adore but God alone. Dr.
\\ endte comes to-day with an apology to
father \orke that his notes were taken at
school. A year hence he will make the
same charges and use the same notes.
What are we to do then? I must say I
saw more poison in Dr. Wendte than I be
lieved would come from a Unitarian min
ister. He throws a sop to Father Yorke,
saying that Father Yorke's father and
mother were Protestants. The utter child
ishness of a bir; man putting forth such a
statemeut! The truth of the matter is the
condition of the Christian world to-day is
a struggle.
"Dr. Wendte has his Sunday-school, 1
suppose. Other Protestant ministers have
theirs. That is very good ; they teach
their children half an hour a week about
God. We have our Sunday-schools, too,
every day in the week except Saturday,
and our children are taught every day
about God.
"There is no such thing as a Catholic
with political and civil allegiance to the
Pope of Rome. These charges are false
and have been proved to be false.
"Enough of this theme, only to say I'm
glad of it, for the respectable, educated,
intelligent Protestants have no A. P. A.
ism. They are with us hand in hand;
they wish us godspeed, and we wish them
godspeed, and we will be loyal citizens
together shoulder to shoulder."
STABBED IN THE LUNG.
Thomas Barnes, a Blacksmith, Badly
Wounded by a Stranger.
Thomas Barnes, a blacksmith living at
17 Russell street, was severely wounded
last evening by a stranger, who jabbed
him in the left lung with a large pocket
knife. Barnes was in a saloon on Hyde
street and Broadway, when the stranger
entered, and after taking a drink or two be
came boisterous and insulting. His con
duct caused Barnes to give him a thrash
ing.
The man left the saloon, but returned a
little later and plunged the Knife blade
into Barnes' body, after which he made his
escaDe. The man is not known in the
neighborhood. Sergeant Anderson and
posse began a search for the fellow. The
wounded man was sent to the Receiving
Hospital for treatment.
A PANACEA FOR POVERTY
T. Frickstad's Proposed Act of
Congress for the Remedy
of Evils.
Why Stanford ?— Why Not Socialist
University Since Socialists
Built It ?
T. Friclcstad has submitted to the Amer
ican socialists a bill which he believes pro
vides a remedy for the troubles of the un
employed, and, indeed, all the ill* of pov
erty. It may be called to the attention of
the National legislature soon.
TLe bill was read by the author in the
course of a paper on "The Problem of the
Unemployed," at a meeting of American
socialists and met with great favor at the
hands of the audience. It was entitled
"An act to enable citizens of the United
States to co-operate, t under Government
supervision, in the production and ex
change of wealth," and provided:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of Amer
ica in Congress assembled," that:
Section 1. The .Secretary of Agriculture shall
hereafter b« known ts Secretary of Industries
and he shall be the official chief of the Bureau
of Industries, composed of the following
officers: The Secretary of Industrie?!, the Com
missioner of Agriculture, the Commissioner of
Manufactures, the Commissioner of Commerce
and the Commissioner of Public Improvements
Sec. 2. The Secretary of Industries shall
have general supervision of all departments
connected with the Bureau of Industries, and
shall be the official representative of the said
bureau in the President's Cabinet.
Sec. 3. The Commis.-ioner of Agriculture
shall be the chief of the Department of Agri
culture, and he shall perform such duties as
are now required of the Secretary of Agri
culture (except that he shall not ba a member
of the Cabinet), and he shall perform such
other duties as may hereinafter be assigned to
him by law. He shall have supervision-aver
the production of all agricultural products
and su:h other industries as usually come in
connection with agriculture, so far as it may
be wise to engage in such upon a Government
industrial reservation.
Sec. 4. The Commissioner of Manufactures
shall be chief of the Department of Manufac
tures, and he shall have supervision of the con
struction of machinery and all articles to be
manufactured upon any Government indas
dustrial reservation.
See. 5. TheCominissionerof Commerce shall
be the chief of the Department of Commerce,
and he shall have supervision of all imports
into and exports from any and all Government
industrial reservations; and he shall have
supervision over the exchange of goods be
tween the several reservations and fix the
relative values of articles.
Sec. (3. No individual, company or corpora
tion shall be permitted to trade or transact
any business with any person living on a
Government industrial reservation, except
such a transaction be done through, or by the
consent of, the Commeicial Department. (Any
person who trades, buys or sells in violation
of this section shall be punished by fine or im
prisonment, or both. The fine shall not be less
than if 10 or more than $1000 for each offense,
and the imprisonment in a common prison
where the offender shall work for his or her
own support, shall not exceed one year for
each offense.)
Sec. 7. The four Commissioners shall each
furnish a bond for tne faithful performance of
duty, to be approved by the Secretary of Indus
tries.
Sec. 8. The Commercial Department shall
have charge of all statistics relatine to labor
and production.
Sec. 9. The Commissioner of Public Improve
ments shall be the chief of the Department
of Public Improvements, and he shell have
supervision of the construction of public build
ings and other Improvements on industrial
reservations, and the construction and man
agement of steamships, railroads, telegraph
and telephone lines.
Sec. 10. Tne Secretary of Industries shall
appoint the first four Commissioners to be
associated with him In the Bureau of Indus
tries, and they shall be so appointed that he
ana thoy shall each represent different States
of the Union, and they Bh&ll hold office for one,
two, three or four years, so that their terms
shall expire one each year on the last day of
June. All subsequent Commissioners of "the
bureau shall hold the office for four yeurs, un
less appoiuted to fill an unexpired term.
The Bureau of Industries shall select three
Industrial Commissioners for each State and
Territory of the United States, and these Com
missioners must have been residing in. and
qualified electors of the State they are to serve
in, for at least three years preceding their
selection, and one must have been a farmer at
least ten years; one a practical mechanic at
least ten years; and one a practical boot
keeper or merchant at least three years prior
to their appointment. The Coiunv.ssioners
shall make the reservation their home, and so
far as practicable have personal supervision of
the reservation in their State or Territory, and
see that i' is conducted in harmony with gen
eral laws.
The bill provides for the establishment
of an industrial reservation in each Slate,
to be secured by the Government. It pro
vides that buildings shall be erected there
on at the expense of the Government. Any
person who has attained his majority and
is of good n oral character may be ad
mitted to residence therein.
L. E. Beers, a student of the University
of California, gave his experience in
tramping from the southern part of the
State to Berkeley. "Why should we ca'l
the institution at Palo Alto Stanford Uni
versity?" he exclaimed. "Why not call it
Socialist University? The socialists built
it. All men who work for others are social
ists."
H. E. Morse read a paper on "Govern
ment's Right of Eminent Domain."
John H. Burke will address the Ameri
can socialists ou Thursday evening. His
theme will be the "Central and Southern
Pacific Railroads."
A Long Wait.
They nave been printing recently some
of Henry Labouchere's experiences as a
diplomat in the United States. He was an
attache of the British legation in Wash
ington once upon a timfe. One aay
Labouchere was sitting m his office, when
a rather noisy individual came in and asked
to see the Minister.
"You can't see him. He's gone out.
You must see me."
"I don't want to see you; I want to see
the boss of the ranch," said the noisy in
dividual.
"All right," replied Labouchere, going on
with his writing. "Take a chair."
The visitor sat and waited for an hour.
Tiien, with several picturesque extracts
from profane history, he inquired how long
the boss wouid be.
"I should think about six weeks," re
plied Labouchere, carelessly. "You see, he
has just sailed for England."
When it is noon in Greenwich it is 11
hours 34'^ minutes a. m. in Dublin and
1 hours 475£ .minutes a. m. in Edinburgh.
COLLIS DID NOT SWEAR
Mayor Sutro Denies Huntington's
Remarks About a Row
at Lunch.
EXPLAINS THE WHOLE AFFAIR.
How the War Was Started Over a
Five-Cent Fare— A Plain
Statement.
In yesterday's Call the following ap
peared in a Washington dispatch regard
ing the Senate committee's inquiry into
the merits of the funding bill :
Collis P. Huntington, president of the Cen
tral Pacific, said that he would prefer to de
fer the statement which he desired to make
until the committee's next meeting, showing
that the Central Pacific was a little better on
than it appeared to he.
"That will De very agreeable news to the
committee," said Frye. The Senator also
added pleasantly, "They do say that you have
gaid large sums of money to Sutro to tempt
im to stop these attacks in the press. Is there
any truth in that r"
Huntington replied that Sutro asked him to
lunch at his place one day; that he told him
he wanted to build a road from San Francisco
to his place, about eight miles; that he (Hunt
ington) said he could not do it then, but would
some time; that then Sutro said: "I am going
to tight you," and that Huntington replied,
"Commence your fight now, you, and
got up from the table and went away.
Yesterday Mayor Sutro made the fol
lowing statement regarding this incident:
The Call : In regard to the questions put to
Mr. Huntington by Senator Frye of Maine be
fore the Senate Pacific Railway Committee and
Mr. Huntington's replies thereto I will say the
following:
I well recollect when Mr. Huntington was
out here to lunch on the occasion referred to
in his remarks. He was accompanied by H. E.
Huntington.
The conversation did not take place at the
lunch table, for I did not propose to talk about
business matters while at the table. It was
after lunch that I called him and his nephew
into another room and broached the subject
about fares. I told Mr. Huutington that 1
had kept Sutro Heights open as free as air for
many years, at an expense to me of $25,000 per
annum, to all the people that chose to come
here, to white and to black, to the p«or more
than to the rich.
1 told him that It wa3 a hardship on poor
families to have to pay a double fare of 10
cents to go out and 10 cents more to go in, and
as I desired Sutro Heights to be open par
ticularly to mechanics and laboring people,
I thought it an imposition that people should
have to pay this double rate.
I told him that San Francisco City and
County consists of thirty-six square miles, and
that a single 5-Ceut fare existed, and now ex
ists, in thirty-four square miles, wnile the
two square miles embracing Sutro Heights,
Sutro Baths, the Cliff House and the Richmond
District were subject to double fares.
1 appealed to him to reduce the rate to a
single faro.
Mr. Huntington says, according to the tele
graphic dispatch, that the distance is eight
miles. A look at a map of San Francisco will
at once show that the distance from the bay to
the ocean is seven miles. Existing cable roads
then covered more than half that distance.
What I did say in that conversation was,
raising my linger as I spoke: "If you do not
give us a five-cerU fare I'll make you do it."
It is stated that Mr. Huntington said: "Com
mence your fight, you."
That is not so. He may have said, "Go
ahead," but he did not swear, nor did he go
away in anger.
This is a'general statement of what happened
at that particular time.
But there is another story that underlies all
this and which Mr. Huntington takes very
good care not to tell.
Several years before that occasion I had
Senator Stanford, Ch arles Crocker Sr. and
C. F. Crocker Jr., if m y recollection serves me
right — Mr. Huntington. also— out at Sutro
Heights, and 1 took pains to show them the
beauties of the neighborhood, which is simply
unsurpassed by any other place on the Pacific
Coast for its grandeur, its view, its salubrity
of climate and also for its accessibility, being
within the City limits and but three and a halt
miles from the geographical center of the City.
They were simply astounded at the beamy
of the scenery, the lay of the land and its
eminent adaptability fora public resort. They
cast their evil and envious eye upon it and I
could bee by their actions that they had made
up their mind to possess the property.
I have later on called that corporation, the
Southern Pacific of Kentucky, "The Octopus,''
for it would grasp everything it determined to
possess. It had thrown ou* one of its tentacles
to grasp what I own.
They are not possessed of any fairness in
their dealings and instead of coming straight
out and proposing to purchase at a fair orice
they started out to depress by underhand
means the value of the property they wished
to secure.
Nothing would have been easier than for
them to extend a cable road to the seashore
for a single 5-cent fare. But they thought that
oy maintaining a double fare they would pre
vent the people from improving and settling
this section.
That is the true inwardness of this whole
affair.
Twenty years before that time I was located
in Nevada. I contracted for a number of car
loads of railroad iron to be used in the Sutro
tunnel. The shippers were rolling mills in
Ohio. They were instructed to contract for
the lowest rates of f reignt.
When the bills for freight were presented
the charges wore mede at through rates to
Sacramento, and from Sacramento back to
Reno, Nev., at local rates, which were amost
as ciuch as the rates charged across the conti
i nent.
■ I called at the office of the Central Pacific
■ Railroad Company aud had au interview with
Mr. Stanford and Mr. Crocker, Sr. I remou
j strated againsi the extortionate freight
; charge and declared it to be an outrage. But
I they said they could not reduce their rates as
J their contracts with Eastern roads compelled
them to charge for through rates to Sacra
mento, and that they were compelled to carry
1 the freight back again across the Sierra
; Nevada Mountains at iocal rates. I had no
i doubt that this was a subterfuge to enable
' them to extort extraordinary rates over the
Central Pacific road.
From that day on I watched their proceed
ings through all these years, and of ail the
j villains that ever existed in the United States
; 1 concluded that they were the worst. I found
; that their system was one of extortion and op
| pression. They ground our farmers down to
j the last stage and impoverished not oaly them
; but our merchants.
j This little incident about the 5-cent fare was
but a culminating point. Just as the existence
of the United Stales, now the first nation of the
j world, grew out of a trifling circumstance, the
I levying of a tax of 3 pence on a pound of tea
which caused the people of Boston to throw
j that tea overboard, so this 5-cent fare has
j grown inio a mighty war against the Southern
\ Pacific of Kentucky.
This Government started out with the best
constitution that has ever been framed by
man. and the republic has gone ahead pros
perously as long as the citizens of this country
exercised their franchise without the inter
ference of money powers. But this is all
changed now. Corporations to a large extent
run tne elections, and with their money con
trol them by corrupt means. The result is that
our Government has become an oligarchy,
; consisting of the concentrated wealth now cx
i isting in all parts of this country.
| fThe best example of this kind is presented
oy the Southern Pacific of Kentucky. They
have not only Impoverished the people of the
Pacific Coast by these extortionate charges,
but they have grasped the reins of govern
ment by a svEtem of bossism, bribery and cor
ruption.
These facts which have become more forcible
to my mind year by year have caused my attack
on the Southern Pacific of Kentucky and the
head manipulator of ihe concern, "Collis P.
Buutington ; aad especially now that this
question of refunding is pending before
Congress and the passage of which would not
only defraud the government of its just right,
but would enslave the people of our coast for
j half a century. Adolph Sutbo.
THE NEW BIBLE.
Dr. J.VL. York 3 Claims It to Be Science
; i and Knowledge. '
■;' Dr. J. L. York, : the liberal lecturer, de- .
livered an interesting address last evening
in Scottish Hall. The attendance was large.
His subject was "The Bible," accord
ing •;, to < Darwin. In \ the course ;of his re
marks he said : ,-_. . •.■'.; .Vf^S^
It is only a short time since the crude ideas
and fables concerning God and the creation oJ
things have bsen subjected to the critical tes*
of an afte of learning: and books. Moses the
ancient lawgiver, and Charles Darwin, the
modern scientist, represent two great schools
of thought in this age of the world. One rep
resents the traditions and superstitions of the
Hebrew Bible. The other represents the ad
vancement of science and the knowledge of
our day— the new bible of natural development
or the evolution of all thinss.
The new bible of natural science teaches us
that all things are the subjects of growth and
not manufacture. and that this planet in its
physical growth from the atom to the rock,
has been the subject of endless change , a-id
was not created in six days. Evolution
teaches that the animal life of the world from
the simple to the complex, from the monster
to the refined, from radiate to man is the re
sult of an eternity of matter and force.
The religions of the world have grown from
one parent .°tem, and all take root in human
ignorance, fear and superstition, but the peo
ple are eliminating every year their childish
crudeness as they come in contact with the
schoolmaster and lose their grip on the
priest.
The new bible is, indeed, a gospel of hope for
tnia world. It gives a more rational concep
tion of nature, man's place in nature, life, duty
and diistiny, and tells of better conditions on
the way for mankind. It makes no heaven of
bliss for saints and hell or woe for those who
use their brains for thinking, and it holds out
the rainbow of promise to all mankind. Nor
does evolution stop here, forif there is another
higher, brighter, sweeter life, beyond the
grave, the same beneficent law of progress
prevails there.
And we are glad that the new gospel of
science and common sense is finding its way
into the schools, colleges and pulpits of our
land, and helping to paint a brighter picture
on tne foreground of human hope and en
deavor.
THE FIGHT WAS STOPPED
Holbrook Won't Allow Horses
to Be Cut in a Sword
Contest.
Sergeant Davis Given One Contest.
The Second Is Declared Off
for Foul Play.
Fouls and vicious fighting were the
features of yesterday's sword contest be
tween Baron Ivan Malchin, champion of
Russia, and Sergeant Owen Davis at Cen
tral Park. Officer Holbrook of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals stopped the contest on horse
back. The fight, dismounted, ended in
Malchin's refusing to fight further with
Davis because of the continual fouling in
dulged in by the latter.
The men were quite evenly matched for
weight, Davis being somewhat the heavier.
Several hundred soldiers from the Pre
sidio were present prepared to yell them
selves hoarse for their hero. In the grand
stand were many fashionably dressed
ladies, whose favors were bestowed on the
handsome and lithe young Russian.
11l feeling was engendered between the
men early in the tight. When struck, the
contestant is expected to acknowledge the
fact by lowering his sword point. Both
indulged in sundry lunges when the other
was off his guard, Out those of Malchin
never se^nied to be given in cold blood.
In the filth attack Davis received a severe
cut over the head, making quite a gash
ovor his left eye. This discommoded him
considerably.
In the eleventh attack Malchin be
stowed a scratch on the eye of Davis'
horse. Otficer Holbrook at once stopped
the fight. As Davis had seven points to
Malchin's four, and wounding an op
ponent's horse constitutes a foul, the Pre
sidio man was awarded that contest.
.The men then fought on foot. Each
won live points. ■ All this time Davis in
dulged in fouL thrusts that caused the ref
eree to continually shout, "Be a gentle
man." Malchin's seconds made no pro
test though, and the referee, Sergeant
Moffett of Company B, iourth Cavalry,
allowed the fight to proceed. In the elev
enth attack Davis made a particularly
nasty cut at. Malchin's head wiien the lat
ter's sword-pgint was down in acknowl
edgment of a point. At this the Ru3?ian
threw off his mask and gloves and refused
to fight further.
Davis was carried off by his shouting
comrades. Many strangers entered the
ring to assure Malchin of their sympathy.
The referee decided the contest off because
of the violation of rules on both sides.
Booted by His Neighbor's Hogg.
Down in Hardinsburg, Ky., a few days
ago a lawyer was brought to "court charged
with shooting and killing a pig belonging
to a neighbor. The lawyer made an elo
quent defense, in which he sirtd he had
been driven almost crazy by the rooting
proclivities of the neighbor's' hoes. He
declared that they had entered his parlor
and rooted over his piano, and, further
more, that neither he nor any of his family
could pet down on their knees to offer their
devotions without being in constant dan
ger of being rooted up by a hog.
-■---u^--i-'-.--r'_^_..-':^, ?_ EW T °- DAY -
t^^OT^ "I
ggpjp I'^^l
It costs you dearly to overstep the limits of prudence in your
race with the. fleeting pleasures of this world. The effects of a
ruined nervous system are very pitiable. Of course, you may
n O v f e el you l OSS for year 3 until have approached your prime
oi life but then it comes with a vengeance. The signs of weak-
ness, loss of vital energy, which come early in life, are only mes-
sages of warning from the. impoverished nerves, which are slowly
but surely being drained of their vital force.
vr You have wasted nerve force— the foundation for
Nervous Debility. It is time you replaced the loss. Taken in
time it can be done with
8 JBflC* tfl^ifc A^w I^l O lTfj>^l
"MAKES PEOPLE STRONG."
p
l-f 1 ?* A> T ' a ****«~*>«»- Sir: The Electric BSKrufchl" iS'ISLi
last has mor« than met my expectation, for I despaired of beinl -i%i T •.?.r f0 *
treated by sererai prominent and well-known pbv"ioi«ns altbou being meanxrhil.
*• i i er . rat m ° nth I bave worn yoar belt only occasionallr and am fn^«^
.*•"*_' American Eichange Hotel, san Franciaco.
. A very instructive -book, called "Three Classes of Men
should read by every weak man. It is free. Get it.
> SAXDSSJ- BIiBOTRIO CO. .
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISC*
Office i Hours-8 to «; jEveiilnsra,^ to 8:30; Sundays, 10 t»l.
PexUand, Oregon. Office. 23S Waaklnstoa Sum
A GREAT PIGEON MATCH
Leydecker's Alameda Pigeon Won
the Gold Medal in Fairly
Good Time.
MADE VERY REMARKABLE TIME
Marsh's Bird Won Second Prize— Five
Carriers Liberated at
Marysville.
The most notable sporting event of yes
terday was the 100-miie carrier pigeon
race from Marysville to San Francisco
and Alameda. Five of the best homing
pigeons on the coast were liberated, and
one of them covered the distance in 3
hours and 17 minutes.
Thia was T. W. Leydecker's bird of Ala
meda, and the time it made, thouzh not a
record-breaker, won for it* owner the gold
medal and cash prifce offered by the Ala
meda Poultry and Pieeon Association to
members of the Pacific Coast Pigeon So
ciety.
The entries were made by Edward G.
Koenig of this City, who sent three
pigeons, and by George T. Marsh of San
Francisco and T. W. Leydecker of Ala
meda, each of whom sent one bird.
The pigeons were sent to Marysville
Saturday night |by the Wells-Fargo agent,
who liberated them yesterday morning in
the following order: Marsh's pigeon at 9
o'clock, Leydecker's at 9:30, Koenig's at 10.
The respective air-line distances, as given
by the Surveyor-General, are: From
Marysville to Leydecker's cote, Santa
Clara avenue and Ninth street, Alameda,
101 miles; to Koenig's cote, Jackson etreet,
near Broderick, San Francisco, 10314 miles;
to Marsh's cote, corner Twelfth avenue
and Clement street, San Francisco, 104%
miles.
Leydecker's bird came home at 12:47,
whicft was nearly three hours better than
the time made by any other pigeon in this
match.
Marsh's bird, which came in at 3:46
o'clock, won the second prize, consisting
of a silver medal.
Two of Koenie's birds were only a few
minutes later. One came in at 3:53' » and
the other 3:59. The third pigeon came in
quite late.
The weather was perfect and the atmos
tric conditions all that could have been
red, yet the time made by the fastt •.
r is not considered fast for the Ant
d carriers, of which breed were all the
birds entered in the match. One of
Koenig's carriers has covered the 100
--mile air line from Tres Pinos to this City
in 150 minutes.
i The tirr,e-keepers for yesterday's match
| were: For Leydecker, Mr. Brewitt; for
! Marsh, Mr. Henrichs; for Koenig, Mr.
j Whiteside. The reason given for the com
i paratively slow time made yesterday was
; that the birds have been forced to remain
inactive through the bad weather for the
last three weeks, which has made them
"soft," as the fanciers call it.
Mr. Richards of Vallejo lias challenged
I Mr. Leydecker to a 400-mile match, and
the latter very promptly accepted it. This
big match is down on the boards for early
\ iiTJune.
No Use for To we In.
"I wanted to take a batb this morning,
buttne water is so infernally muddy that
I bad to postpone it," said' an acquaint
ance to a Washington Star reporter.
"Best fluid in the wide world to bathe
in," said au old department clerk who
bathes occasionally. "It beats the cele- i
brated baths of the Old World, and has '
all the medicinal qualities of the butbs at
hot springs."
"But the water is so muddy," said the
first speaker. The dirt is so — — "
"That's just what makes it valuable.
Just fill your bathtub, jump in and enjoy
your bath, but don't use any towels."
"Not use towels."
"No; let the water dry on yon r body.
Then all you have to do is to take a dust
broom and "
But the first speaker bad fled.
The Russian painter, Verestchagin, ad
vises the people of Moscow to build houses
ana stores only in the Russian style, to at
tract and please tourists.THE IRISH CONVENTION
Preparations Begun for the Cele
bration of St. Patrick's
Day.
EXERCISES AT THE PAVILION.
Proceeds of the Day Will Go to a
Fund for the Building of a
Magnificent Hall.
Th« Irish-born citizens and their de-
Bceudants in San Francisco will celebrate
the approaching anniversary of the Apos
tle of Ireland on an elaborate scale.
There was an enthusiastic assembly of
the St. Patrick's Day convention at the
Knights of the Red Branch hall, corner of
O'Farrell and Mason streets, yesterday
afternoon. The hall was well filled with
prominent Irishmen of San Francisco,
Oakland and other bay towns long before
the convention settled down to business. |
The convention was in session from two to
nearly six o'clock, and it was decided to
observe Ireland's day with an Irish liter- i
ary programme at the Mechanics' Pavilion. !
There will be music, song and oratory. j
Nothing will be left undone to make the !
celebration memorable in th«» history of
Irish-American annals in this City.
It was virtually decided at the conven
tion yesterday to erect a great building
where the National and religious and so
cial societies of an Irish-Aiuerican charac
ter may hold their gatherings. The pro
ceeds of the celebration will be devoted to j
this purpose.
Thomas R. Bannerman was elected ter- t
porary chairman of the convention ana P. !
J. McCormick and Robert J. O'Reilly sec- i
retaries. Mr. Bannerman, who is univer- i
eally esteemed and respected by his com- !
patriots, was loudly applauded on taking |
the chair. He made a neat speech.
"I am deeply gratified," he said, "to see
this large and representative gathering of
my countrymen nere tq-.iay. It demon
strates that the tires of Irish independence, j
of national rights ana of human justice j
are still burning in tne Irish heart. But '
while we give our love and allegiance to j
the old land it is only secondary to our
love and loyalty to this the land of our
adoption." I
On motion of James E. Kenny the chair
■was authorized te appoint a committee of
eleven on credentials. The following
were appointed on the committee:
T. P. Crowley, J. H. Dolan, K. J.
O'Reilley, P. J. Sullivan, Colonel John
O'Byrne, J. R. Shepstone, John Rooney,
Thomas Doolin, Patrick Lyons, Charles
McCrystle and J. P. Fitzgerald.
The committee adjourned to the ante
room to prepare its report and the chair
man called on several prominent persons
to address the convention.
Father Crowley was called upon for an
address. He is chaplain to the A. O. H.
and takes a keen interest in its affairs. He !
is referred to as the "Soggath Aroon" 1
of the order. Father Crowley began by j
expressing his gladness at seeing such a j
large and thoroughly representative meet
ing.
"The Ancient Order of Hibernians," he
Eaid, "is going forward and will be in the
near future what it has been in the past —
a great and glorious organization. To-day j
I hoDC you will inaugurate a work the in
tlueuce of which will be felt in years to
come."
Father Crowley then spoke eloquently
of what the society had done in the past,
how it gave the proceeds of its St. Pat-
THOMAS R. BANNER.MAN, CHAIR-MAN OF THE CONVENTION.
[From a photograph]
rick's day celebration years ago to estab
lish the Youths' Directory, which pro
vides a home for some 525 boys each year.
"That was one of the great works done
by the St. Patrick's day convention," said ]
the speaker. "Now, it has been suggested
that you devote the proceeds of the com
ing celebration to the fund for building a
hall in this City that will be worthy our
race, our people and the great City of |
which we are a part.
"Gentlemen, we need a hall in this
City where our people may assemble.
When yon consider that we comprise half
the population of San Francisco, and we
have no hall worthy of our position, our
education and our wealth, it is time we
shoald build one. We should have a
great building, where we can have club
rooms, libraries, billiard-rooms and as
sembly-rooms — a hall equal to any in the
City. I hope you will take the matter un
der advisement to-day, and that you will
devote the proceeds of this forthcoming
celebration to this purpose and this pur
pose alone."
Father Crowley spoke of the success of
the iast great celebration of St. Patrick's
day at the Midwinter Fair.
'•This convention," said Father Crow
ley in conclusion, "embraces all societies—
Irish, Catholic and non-Catholic. The
day we celebrate is a National one, and,
gentlemen of the convention, Catholic and
Protestant, I want to say to you that the
time has not arrived in the history of
humanity when the Irish heart is not
large enough to take in all the world."
These sentiments of the priest were re
ceived with ringing applause.
Captain Jerome Deasy spoke in favor of
building a new hall, and his words were
well received.
"We owe our allegiance to the United
States," said P. O'Kane of Oakland, "and
we will stand with our country. America
is our wife and Ireland is our mother."
J. A. Mulhern spoke in the same enthu
siastic strain. He referred to the splendid
success of the Midwinter Fair celebration,
and hoped that the convention would be
made big enough and broad enough to
take in all who wished to celebrate St.
Patrick's Day.
John Kenny, Captain Sheehan, Captain
Maher, James E. Kenny and others were
called upon and delivered enthusiastic
Bpeeches.
The committee on credentials reported
in favor of sending the following delegates:
At large— Colonel John O'Byrne, John F.
Hanion, Captain Jerome Dea^y, Thomas R.
Bannerman. C. B. Flanagan.
board of directors A. O. H.— M. H. McCaf
ferty, J. J. Moran, J. F. Renault, M. Blake, J.
Kelliher.
Division No. I— P. Lyons, James McCurry, J.
J. Lme, Myles Kelly, James McMenomy.
Division No. 2— Bartley Lee, P. J. Meehan,
Daniel Sheehan, J. Kelliher.
Division No. 3— John Ryall, J. S. McEvilly,
J. D. O'Brien, Patrick Deasy, Thomas J. Otis.
Division No. 5— E. J. Sheehan, J. H. Nolan,
Thomas F. Willy, Thomas Fahey. John Rooney.
Division No. B— J. H. Masruiimiss, C. Mc-
Chrystle, R. A. Ahearn, Jarues O'Toole, M.
Fitzgerald.
Division No. 9— John C. Ryan, J. F. McDon
ald, H. O'Donnell, James Daly. M. Whelton.
Division No. 10— John 11. Dolan, M. C. Mc-
Manus, John Coughlan, Dan Smith, A. Ma
hony.
Division No. 11— J. D. Condon, J. D. Court
nev, J. Mcßride, J. C. O'Connor, J.D. Roach.
Division No. I'2— F. Driscoll, J. O'Connor.
John Doyle, Thomas P. Deignan, J. J.Coughlin.
Division No. 13— Charles McMenomy. Dennis
Flynn.G. Cullinan, John CuUinan, M. Boden.
Division No. 14— H. Maher, William Deeney.
John 11. O'Brien, P. J. Sullivan, John P. Henery.
Division No. 15— J. J. Phillipps, J. J. Crowley.
T. B. Hiliiard, M. J. White, T. J. Wallace.
Division No. IG— Thomas M. Kenny, L. E.
Cull, D. J. Drew, T. L. Healy, M. McCann.
Division No. 17— J. J. Coffee, P. S. Shepstone,
P. Broderick. H. W. Connor, it. J. Walsh.
Gaelic Football Club— J. Donovan, H. Arm-
Btrong, M. Duane, T. J. Mallot, A. Melnerney.
St. Patrick's Unity Alliance No. 14— William
Mulvin, D. J. Cailaghan, M. J. Connolly, F. P.
Hunt, John Honnessy.
Army and Navy Garrison No. 101— M. F. Fitz
gerald) D. J. Geary, G. It. Halseay, Adjutant A.
Vibart, Comrade McShane.
K. R. B.— J. B. O'Brien, Captain J. Sheehan,
James E. Walsh, J. J. Tynon. M. Gall.
Youths' Directory— J. A. Harron, J. B. Mcln
tyrc, T. R. Bannerman, G. E. Gallagher. P. J.
McCormick.
St. Joseph's Union— John S. Bannerman, A.
B. McGuire, Eugene McAvoy, T. P. Crowley,
James J. Glldea.
St. Patrick's Alliance No. 12— James F. Mc-
Donald, William J. Hayes, M. P. Healy, R.
Fahey, John Hurley.
Irish National Alliances of Oakland— P.
O'Kane, O. F. Rooney, P. J. Ryan, Frank Me-
Keesjan.G. G. Desmond, B. F. Connolly, Dan
iel Crowley, Patrick Gallagher, John Cox, M.
J. Conway.
Officers of the last convention— M. J. Staf
ford, John Mulhern, D. Mahoney, M. J. Wren,
John J. Kenny.
Emmet Football— R. C. O'Connor, T. Palmer,
J. O'Dell, J. Kirby. J. M. O'Sullivan.
St. Patrick's Alliance— M. M. Coradan, John
M. Kirby, R. Nugent, Thomas F. Doolan, J. W.
Reilly.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion reported as follows:
T. R. Bannerman, president; J. E.
Kenney, first vice-president; E. S. Sliee
han, second vice-president; J. W. McCor
mick, recording secretary; R. J. O'Reilly,
financial secretary; J. Rooney, treasurer.
The chairman was authorized to appoint
a committee on general arrangements, the
names to be announced at the adjourned
meeting next Sunday afternoon.
After several lively speeches had been
delivered on general National issues the
convention adjourned.
ARRANGING FOR THE BALL
Mardi-Gras Entertainment Com
mittees Meet at the Art
Institute.
They Discuss the Mode of Decoration
and of Receiving the Associa
tion's Guests.
The executive committee of the fourth
Mardi-Gras entertainment of the San
Francisco Art Association gave a break
fast yesterday morning at the Institute of
Art, entertaining the sub-committees, for
the purpose of discussing the preparations
being carried on for the entertainment of
the 18th. Those present were :
Executive committee— James D. Phelan, Ed
ward Bosqui. Joseph B. Crockett, Horace G.
Platt, Louim Sloss Jr., William Smith, Frederick
W. Zeile. Henry Ueyman, Henry J. Crocker,
Arthur Rodgers, and J. R. Martin, secretary.
Committee on music— Henry Heyman, L. P.
Latimer, Mrs. Alice B. Chtttenden.
Committee on decoration— John A. Stan ton,
Douglas Tilden.
Committee on refreshments— J. B. Crockett,
Henry J. Crocker, James D. Phelau.
Reception committee—Major J. L. Rathbone,
William Keith. Camain Henry L. Howlaon,
U. S. N., Frederick VV. Zeile, Frank J. Symmes,
VV. Mayo Newhall, Walter S. lloDart, George
T. Bromley, Louis SI oss Jr., Frederick R.Web
ster, Joseph B. Crockett, General J. W. Forsyth,
U. S. A., Russell J. Wilson, Henry J.Crocker,
John M. Cunningham, A. Gerberding, Horace
G. Platt, Colonel C. F. Crocker, Jerome A.
Hart, Emile M. Pissis.
Floor committee— W. R. Heath, Walter L.
Dean, George B. de Long, Lieutenant W. R.
Sinedberg Jr., L. B. Mizner.
James D. Phelan, chairman of the ex
ecutive committee, presided. The first
Dusiness transacted was the decision that
all the committees should attend the ball
in costume. It was also decided that a
committee on invitation should be named
to pasiS on those applying for tickets, con
sisting of two ladies and one gentleman.
The names of those acting on this com
mittee will not be made public.
Those mating application for tickets
will address Secretary J. K. Martin, and
he will forward the names received to this
sub-committee to be acted upon.
John A. Stanton, chairman of the com
mittee on decorations, reported that,
while he could not enter into details as
yet regarding the decorations, he could
state that they would be very elaborate.
The purple hanging on the panels of the
main gallery will probably be torn away
and four subjects will be placed there of
painting, music, sculpture and architec
ture. •
The vestibule of the entrance on Califor
nia street will be transformed into a bower
of beauty. The conservatory will be
screened off from the gallery and will serve
as a refuge for those in love.
George B. de Long, representing Mr.
Greenway, who was unable to be present
owing to his illness, stated for the floor
committee that everything was as good as
could be desired, and that no lurther
change would be made.
General J. W. Forsyth, chairman of the
committee on reception, examined the
grounds in reference to carriage entrance
and recommended that the guests enter
exclusively at the Mason-street door.
At this entrance vise rooms will be pre
pared for the maskers. The ladies will
enter the stairway to the right, while the
gentlemen will go to the left, to meet in
the larger hall when supper is announced.
Henry Heyman reported that there
would oe two bands in attendance, com
posed each of fifteen musicians.
One band will be stationed on a plat
form raised high enough to be above the
heads of the dancers in front of the ele
vator in the main gallery, while the other
will be placed in the saloa.
£ ■;pper will be served from 11 o'clock
uw.'i 2 in the breakfast, billiard and sup
per rooms, ou tete-a-tete tables,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
BICYCLES MADE IN JAPAN.
Are of Poor Construction and
Compare Unfavorably With
American Wheels.
L. A. W. AMATEUR RULES
More Lenient and Satisfactory Than
Those of the Amercan Ath
letic Union.
A Call representative had a talk yester
day with a Mr. Hopps, who is in the bicycle
business in Yokohama. Mr. Hopps says
there is little fear of the Japanese cutting
much of a figure in the manufacture of
wheels. Before he went into the business
he worked in the Custom-house at Yoko
hama, and to his knowledge no Japanese
made wheels were ever exported to this or
any other country. The only factory he
knows of is at Kanagowa, a small village
about four miles from Yokohama. Its out
put is about sixty wheels per year and
twenty men are employed.
The bicycles are very crude, being made
mostly from parts of old American and
English machines. There are no Japa-
FIRST LIEUTENANT JOHN F. COONEY. CAPTAIN FRED P. BUTZ. SECOND LIEUTENANT GEORGE W. CONROY.
ROAD OFFICERS OF THE * OLYMPIC CYCLERS FOR 1896.
nese mechanics who are familiar enough
with the business to make wheels, and
they have absolutely no machinery such
as is used in the large American factories.
They never put ball-bearings in a wheel
unless they happen to have a set taken
from some old America wheel. The light
est wheel made over there weighs forty-five
pounds, and they use "ran" tires, that is,
made largely of cotton fabric with a thir.
outer coating of rubber. After six mouths
use the wheels and tires are completely
worn out and useless.
In the army, police, postal, messenger
and telegraph service of the Government
bicycles are used in great numbers and
have been found exceedingly useful.
Ninety-nine per cent of the wheels used
are of American manufacture, however,
and all the popular makes are represented.
The American-made wheels give the best
satisfaction, and their light weight, dura
bility and handsome lines have made
them the favorites.
lii the Japanese factory spoken of the
wages paid average from $4 to $5 a month
per man. The wheels they make sell for
J55 for pneumatic-tired "machines, and
about $40 for cushion tires. In the factory
there was not a man woo understood the
business. All the tubing used and every
part of the wheel is bought abroad and
merely put together there, and that by
band.
These remarks, from a gentleman who
has been on the ground for years and
knows all about the facts of the matter, is
a practical refutation of tho reports which
have been so generously circulated that
the Japanese would soon invade this mar
ket with a bicycle, to be sold at from $12 to
$20, which would be equal if not superior
to those of American manufacture. Ap
parently the American manufacturers
need have little uneasiness for the present.
With the class A and B racing, and pos
sibly the professionals as well, and the
cycle show on the side, the indoor tourna
ment next month promises to eclipse any
thing of the kind ever seen here. The
Steams end Syracuse teams, now in South
ern California, will give up their record
breaking attempts shortly and come here
to train especially for this meet, and as
there are several fast men among them
they should be very successful, but they
will have a hard field to beat.
It is not thought among the wheelmen
that the present disruption in the Ameri
can Athletic Union and its Pacific Coast
branch will have any effect on them.
While the League of American Wheelmen
belongs to the A. A. U., and its members
are therefore governed by its rules, they
are allowed a certain laxity because the
sport of cycling has assumed such propor
tions that it embraces entirely different
conditions from those of any other athletic
sport.
At first all riders were either amateurs
or professionals. The dividing line was
closely drawn. But it was found neces
sary to make some provision for the ama
teurs that they might be given more lee
way as to prizes and the acceptance of a
salury for riding a certain wheel, so class
B was arranged for them. The National
Assembly this year will probably draw the
amateur line tighter than ever, so that the
men who have been known as class A will
have to be pure amateurs or go into class
B. Their prizes will be lower in value,
they cannot travel away from home, must
own their own whee'3, never accept com
pensation from any one, not even a club,
for training, riding or anything— in fact, it
will be so that a man in class A will only
remain there long enough to get a little
speed, and will then find his confines so
close he will be anxious to get into
class B, where he can ride for more
valuable prizes, receive pay for rid
ing a make of wheel, travel when and
where he pleases, exchange his prizes for
cash, and do everything a professional can
do except race for a cash prize.
W r heeimen amateurs are allowed a great
deal more leniency than those in other
sports, but it seems nececsary, for there
are so many of them and the sport has
assumed such shape that it must be han
dled by the league with great liberality of
spirit in regard to the amateur question or
the men might kick over the traces. The
league could never afford to give up its
control of racing, as some have argued, for
it is the very backbone of the organization
and the racing men are so strong numeri
cally and otherwise that the league has to
treat them very considerately at times,
though it never loses its dignity or controi
thereby.
As a whole, however, the racing men
and wheelmen in general are thoroughly
satisfied with the way the sport is han
dled by tbe L. A. W., and it is a question
if they could be induced to desert it,
as the Pacific Coast branch of the
American Athletic Union proposes to do,
and form a State athletic organization of
their own. Wheelmen are prcne to travel
from State to State and compete against
riders all over the country. The moment
one left this State he would come into con
tact with L. A. W. members, who would
not ride against him if he had not con
forr jed with its rule. The league exercises
a gentle power over all wheelmen, which
they are glad to submit to, and as a whole
are well pleased with their lot.
Fred It. Butz, John F. Cooney and
George W. Conroy are the road officers of
the Olympic cyclers for 1896. Captain Butz
was re-elected to the position he held last
year at the annual election in January,
and at once reappointed his lieutenants of
1895. The gentlemen are very popular
both in their own and other cycling circles.
There were more wheelmen in the park
yesterday tnan have been seen there at one
time for months. Although all the organ
ized clubs were out in full force, they were
but a small proportion of the immense
number of riders, for there are ten times
as many unattached riders as there are
clubmen. That the San Leandro road is
not in ridable condition was evidenced by
the .fact that the Acme and Reliance clubs
both crossed the bay and rode through the
park. The wheelmen took advantage of
the first pleasant Sunday they have had in
three weeks, and all day long the various
drives and bicycle paths were crowded.
No serious accident happened to mar their
pleasure, and the riders were full of praises
for California's midwinter weather.
The changeable gear for bicycles is com
ing more and more into vogue, and will be
used to a large extent the coming season.
When the rider understands and appre
ciates that he can have a high and a low
gear on his wheel and be able to use either
at will, it is pretty certain he will avail
himself of the opportunity and not over
tax his strength climbing steep hills with
a high gear.
Of" the records made by John S. John
son in 1894 but one remains. During that
season, when he started his record-break
ing at Chillicothe, 0., he reduced every
mark up to rive miles, and was the undis
puted champion of the year against time.
But new ideas in the construction of the
bicycle, improved tracks and more thor
ough paceruaking have effected a remark
able change in the record table of the
present date. The one record he still
holds i 8 for an unpaced quarter of a mile,
standing start, in 28 seconds. It approxi
mated any feat on a wheel for the year,
and has stood to this day without a paral
lel. Dozens of riders have attempted to
lower it, and none have succeeded. The
record does not sound very big, but it was
a great effort at the time, and will live as
a triumph until some stronger and speed
ier rider lowers it.
ANOTHER FIRE-FIGHTER
Testing of an Improved Battery
Built on the Big Water-
Tower Plan.
Streams That Are Strong Enough to
Overturn a House — Three Good
Inventions.
Last November the officers of the Fire
Department tested a new piece of appa
ratus, the production of H. H. Gorter, ma
chinist, John Riley, superintendent of en
gines, and John Kennev, employes at the
Corporation Yard on Sacramento street,
who acted upon a suggestion from Chief
Engineer Sullivan.
This, as was announced in The Call at
the tim» the machine was tested, is a little
giant water-tower, built on the same prin
ciple as the large ones, but having this ad
vantage: It is light, rests on a buggy
frame and can be taken to places where a
dozen horses could not drag the heavier
piece of apparatus. It can be fed with
from one to six streams from engines and
this combination of water, which rinds its
outlet through a two and a quarter or two
and a half inch nozzle, forms a stream suf
ficiently strong to overturn a medium-sized
dwelling.
Since the test alluded to, Oorter came to
the conclusion that he could improve on the
tower, or "battery," as it has been oifi
cially designated, and he set to work to
build one on different lines. In the first
one built, the water is forced into a cham
ber that has a back wall against which the
How of water strikes before it reaches the
outlet, but the new one is built so that the
water conies from underneath and meets
no obstruction on its way to the nozzle.
By that method a great deal of friction is
avoided and an increase of the force of the
stream with less pressure. It is also sup
plied with an air chamber that adds ma
terially to the force of the stream.
Yesterday morning the new battery was
tested alongside of the older one at Mar
ket and Boale stree:s, in the presence of
the Chief Engineer, a number of the offi
cials of the Fire Department, Supervisors,
insurance men and citizens. Three steam
engines supplied the water and four
streams were led into each battery, sup
plied with a 2^-inch nozzle. The streams
were turned in the direction of Mission
street and at a given signal the engines
commenced to supply the batteries.
In a few moments two powerful streams
were deluging Beale street for a distance
of nearly 300 feet, but neither outdis
tanced the other. The play was kept up
for some time, until it was discovered that
more water was being poured on the street
than the cesspools could carry off and that
there was danger of cellars being Hooded.
The Chief then gave the order to "take
up," and tho test was not as complete as it
was intended it should be; still is was suf
ficient to discover the merits of the im
proved battery and to let those present see
that either could, throw a stream far
above the roof of the Holbrook block, four
stories in height.
The new machine produced the same
result as the older one with fifteen pounds
less water pressure, demonstrating that
there is much less friction in the new one;
but wuile this was shown it was also ap
parent that the older battery's stream did
not spray as soon as din the newer one.
Gorter, the designer, stated that if he were
permitted to substitute a two ana a half
inch nozzle for the smaller one, he would
demonstrate that, the new one would
throw a more solid stream. He will have
a chance to show that at a future test,
"That's a world-beater," said Fire Mar
shal Tovre. "If there is plenty of water,
streams like those we have just seen will
Btop any conflagration; but mind you,
there must be a good supply of water. " No
matter how good a machine is, without a
sufficient supply of water it is useless. I
am satisfied that these little batteries are
the future fire-stoppers. That makes
three big inventions for San Francisco the
Hayes truck, the swinging harness and
the little water-tower. That's something
to be proud of."
Wan Shot for a Dollar.
: Michael J Cunningham, an ; emp] : l of * the
Western * Transfer | Company, living %at r 20%
Gardiner street, has a wounded shoulderaud & ;
powder-marked ; face, and ; is locked ?up:on . a
; charge of drunkenness, all for a game ol cards
in a saloon known as "The Freight Sheds," at
Fifth and Harrison i streets. i- He 6ays that' he
was : shot ;by i the barkeeper, J. Horn; for,de
manding a dollar which; Horn -had in his pos
session as i stakeholder >in ; a- game .' of >' cards
i which 'iJ, Cunningham ; was : playing ' , with a
nephew of Horn. . '-.•
Cunningham says he > will swear out a war
rant for Horn's arrest oa a charge of ; assault to
muraer. , . --
FINE SCORES IN THE SUN
An Ideal Day at the Schuetzen
Rifle Ranges Across the
Bay.
NATIONALS TEY FOR SCOEES.
Excellent Results in the Target Prac
tice by the Prominent City
Clubs.
It was just the sort of a day to delight
the soul of a target-breaker at the Schuet
zen ranges yesterday. The sun might
have been a trifle too dazzling at times,
but generally the light was superb and
showed the bullseyes like great black
patches on the brilliant white canvas
around them. There was no wind to in
terfere with the course of the lead, and, to
tell it briefly, everything was just Jovelv
for the crackest kind of marksmanship.
There was a tremendous crowd in the
pretty park, as crowds bo at rifle ranges.
The prominent local clubs who make it
their business to put holes in cloth circles
every Sunday were there, and there abund
antly. The large attendance was taken to
indicate r>rettv conclusively that riflemen
have begun the year's work with increased
enthusiasm and propose to achieve some
thing more notable than ever before while
the present season continues. The marts
men believe that the success of California's
champions in the East last year has a
deal to do with it, and from the looks of
things there are surprises in store for the
target cracks in the country.
Phi!o Jacoby prevailed yesterday as an
instructor. lie did some good shooting
also, but most of his time was spent in
elucidating the rudiments of rifle marks
manship to a couple of new cadets in the
California Schu tzen Club. In the morn
ing he took a few minutes off to demon
strate that he could score over 100 in five
shots and over 200 in ten. It may or it
may not have been luck, but he scored
105 in the iirst match and 202 in the
second.
Strecker was the hero in the California
Ciub. in t!;e first champion class he
scored 431 points an i carried off all
honors. Schuster won a special itiedal in
the cliampion class. He scored 4158. The
best first string in this class was made by
Thierbach and counted 416. Charlie
Heetb made 413 and was registerrd with
the best second string of shots. The first
class honors were won by Faktor with
420 and Bendel with 405. In the second
class Schrocder was first with 420 and
A. Gehret second with 414.
Judge Bahrs had things his own way.
with 395 points, in the third class, and
Waller was next, with 385. The fourth
class men were Acker 338, ana Noldin 285.
Babin fired the best first shot and Bahrs
the last. Both scored centers-
The scores of Company D of the Fifth
Infantry were as follows: Robinson 47,
Dawson 46, Martens 44, Moulton 44, A.
Smith 43, Reilly 43, Jones 42, Jacobs 42,
Treanton, 41, Sclioeneman 41, Burton 41,
J. Mulhern 40, Elliott 40. Murray 40, A.
Mulhern 40, Fallon 40, Iverson 40J Cheda
40. Eden 40.
la the San Francisco Grutli Verein,
Schuetzen section, Baumgartner won in
the champion class with 387 points. Fetz
was in the lead in the first class with 374
and Tichurr scored 3)0, winning in the
third class. Ott made the best first shot,
a 2.5, and also the last, 23.
The target work of the Union Musket
Club resulted in thpse scor s: Ehrenpfort
4a. Kennedy 44, Kiehl 44, Moulton 44,
O'Connor 43. Jacoby 43, Bean 43, Miller
42, Novack 40, Carroll 40, Holz 40. O'Brien
40, Broderick 40, Furnanz 39, Atwater 39,
Davis 38. ScMiemann 38, Callan 37, Jack
son 37. Mitchell 36.
The Cadets of the California Schuefzen
Club did some good shooting. A. Rpubold
scored 366 in the first class and H. Kutils
318 in the second. Young Kuhls carried
off the prizes for the best first and last
shots. The lirst was 23, the last 20.
SHELL MOUND SHOTS.
The Nationals Preparing for Their
Rifle Contest With the Sharp
shooters of Honolulu.
The Nationals (Companies C and G)
were out in goodly numbers at the Shell
Mound shooting range yesterday, prepar
ing for the inter-republic ritie match with
the National Guard of Honolulu. This
watch has been on the tapis for the past
two months, when the challenge was sent
by the local marksmen to the riflemen of
the island republic. The challenge was
promptly accepted by the Hawaiian sol
diers, who, it is claimed, have grown very
proficient in the use of the military mus
ket.
The conditions are that each team shall
consist of fifty men, and each man is to be
allowed ten shots. The match will be held
next Sunday, the local riflemen to shoot at
Shell Mound and the Hawaiians on their
own ranee, a short distance from the city
of Honolulu. Each team is to be repre
sented upon the other's ranee. The offi
cial scores, duly attested up the represen
tative, will be forwarded by the next
steamers leaving the two seaports.
As the Nationals are constantly prac
ticing at their monthly competitions, but
little special preparation has been made
for the big event, but a number who have
been a little negligent of late took a turn
at the targets yesterday. The scores made
were:
John Ritter47, James Smithson 46. Captain
Dumbrell 45, Chris. Meyer 44, A. H. Vaughan
44, E. C. Sutliffe 43, C. E. Thompson 43, H. T.
Hicks 42, P. M. Diers 42, G. F. Norton 42, A. H.
Kennedy 42, C. E. Waltham 42, l. G. Larson
41, W. F. Unfred 41. J. R. Barricklo 41, W. L.
Fenn 41, V. R. Berry 40, P. D. Butts 40, V. F.
Northrup 39, C. Lods 39, F. Sherman 39, C. £.
Macy 39, L. A. Ramus 38, M. Lane 40, A. E. An
derson 38. J. A. Christy 37, J. R. Ross 36, W.
N. Swascy 30.
In the first division of the Naval Re
serves there was a lively competition yes
terday for the Smith medal and the regu
lar monthly medal. H. Harris won both
on a score of 39 out of 50 points. G.
Kearney also made 39, but Harris' was the
better score by deeimore rules. The fol
lowing scores wer« made:
G. C. Calden 30, W. P. Corless 37, J. F. Mur
pny 33, B. Quinlan 35, J. Balke 30, E. Koester
34, C. Messersinith 21, McMillan 21, E. Allen
38, C. Allen 38, J. Beattie 21, J. Toussant 82,
0. i. Sniitb 32, A. Enricb 33, Drogmund 20,
Ludermann 37, Cappleman 36, H. Harris 39,
G. Kearney 39, C. Wiseman 35.
The Independent Bides has on its roll a
number of men who are determined to go
to the head of the list of military marks
men, and they are constantly practicing
on the Sheil Mound range. Yesterday
nearly every officer in the company was
out for the monthly medal shoot and,
strange to say, but few of the privates were
present. The scores made were as follows :
Sergeant H. Schlichtmann. 36; J. Fallings,
33; Corporal F. Hau, 38; Corporal J. Winder
mann, 36; F. Glander, 27; Sergeant P. M. Zeis
i«g, 40; Corporal C. Lindecker, 36; Sergeant P.
Stadmann, 31; Sergeant E. Moenning, 31; C.
Schneider. 33; Lieutenant C. Fleischer, 41;
Corporal J. Staude Jr.. 35; Corporal W. Tinken,
25.
In the morning J. E. Gorman and F. O.
Young of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club bad a friendly fifty-shot pistol match
on the fifty-yard range. Of course the
Columbia's new target was used. The
scores, in strings of ten shots, were as fol
lows:
J. E. Gorman 45 49 45 49 35—323
JF.O. Young 49 47 46 6U 37-*-38
As seen Gorman won by 15 points. His
average was 44 3-5. Young's average was
47 3-5. By the computation on the new
target it is seen that Gorman bunched his
shots, on an average, within a 4 5-10-inch
buliseye, and Young within a 4 7-10-inch
bullseye. ■ ■ '
COURSING AT THE PARKS
Magpie Won First Place and
Money at the Ocean View
Grounds.
Lady Fitzgerald Disposed of Her Op
ponents at Newark in Clever
Style.
The short-enders never made such a
harvest as they did during the early por
tion of yesterday's coursing at Ocean
View Park. The favorites, sometimes at
4 to 1, went down with great regularity,
and it was only in the final courses that
the talent began to size up the true form of
the dogs and place their money on the
rinht end.
One of the hardest dumps of the day was
when Lord Clifton, the blue-blooded im
ported hound, went out with Mission Boy
and failed to score a point. White Rustic's
victory over Dashaway was also a great
surprise.
Speedy old Magpie disposed of all his
opponents in clever style and won out for
the second time in a month. The idea
coursing weather brought out a big
crowd, containing a large number of
ladies, and the spectators saw hares that
iv many instances could not be- caught
strain every muscle as the hounds might.
Betting was unusually heavy.
Following is the result of the run down:
P. Ryan's Kitty Pease beat Potrero Kennel's
Gecrgie Dixon, E. Shortstag'a Happy Day beat
1). Muleahy's Foxhall, W. L. Trade's Lucky
Dog beat D. Muleahy's American Boy, Villa
Kennei'a Tempest heat D. Tweedie's Dublin
Stout, D. Tweedie's White Rustic beat D. Bur
fiend's Trix, C Evaus' lia-haway beat \V.
Creamer's Regent, J. Larkey's Spinaway beat
Potrero Kennel's Blue Bell, J. Meßride's Flash
light beat J. Kerrigan's While Cloud, J. Mc-
Donald's Mayo Boy beat Valley Kennel's
Columbus, P. Ryan's Magpie beat D. O'Brien's
Weimore, H. Hull's Butcher Boy beat J. Dun
lea's Evening Star, J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy
beat J. Kerrigan's Lord Clifton.
First ties— Happy Day beat Kitty Pease, Tem
pest beat Lucky Dog, White Rustic beat Dash
away, Flashlight beat .Spinaway, Magpie Deat
Mayo Boy, Mission Boy beat Bu'iCher Boy.
Second ties— Happy Day beat Tempest, Flash
light beat White Rustic, Magpie beat Mission
Boy.
Third ties— Flashlight beat Happy Day, Mag
pie a bye.
Final— Magpie beat Flashlight.
Prizes— Magpie $20, Flashlight $10, Happy
Dny fS.
On Sun day next a 24-dog stake at $1 en- j
trance will be run. The drawing will take i
place on Thursday evening at 915 Market '
street. On Sunday, the 16th inst., a stake I
at $1 50 entrance, and to which the manage- '
mem of the park will adct $25, will be run. !
Drawn by the pleasant weather, a crowd
of courting men met at Newark yesterday
to witness the running at that place. The j
dogs entered were a high-class lot and j
many of the races were close and exciting. |
Betting was heavy on some of the events.
The finish of the stake left over from last !
Sunday resulted in a win for D. Dillon's
Lady Fitzgerald. A. Merrill's Faster and
Faster was second, M. Rodgers' Sly Boy
third, M. Fraymor's Valley Maid fourth
and H. M. Spring's Bill Nye fifth. The
prizes were: Lady Fitzgerald $40, Faster i
and Faster $25, Sly Boy $15 and Valley
Maid and Bill Nye $10 each. The IG-dog j
stake that followed was won by J. Perego's
Wee Lassie, who received the first prize of !
$20, A. Merrill's Snowbird second, $10; •
Laurelwood Kennel's Elmwood tnird. $5, j
and T. C. Rooney's Granuaile fourth, $5.
ORGANIZED WHEELMEN, i
Meeting of the California Associated
Cyclinjr. Clubs Last •
Night..
The California Associated Cycling Clubs
met Saturday at the rooms of the Im- I
perial cycling Club. Forty delegates were j
present from the twenty-ihree clubs be
longing to the association, and consider
able important business was transacted.
It was decided to provide for a judiciary
committee similar to the rights and privi
leges committee of the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen. .
The reasonable expenses of the chair
man, secretary-treasurer and chairman of
the road-racing ; committee will hereafter
be paid by the association, and the secre
tary-treasurer will receive an annual sal
ary of $25. ; i
The finish of the relay course will be
changed, and instead of . ending in East
Oakland the course will turn at Hieh
street, Fruitvale, and continue to Ala
meda, thence : down Central avenue,
finisliingat about Bay or; Morton streets
in Alameda. r .
Hereafter each club will be allowed
three road races a year, between February
22 and November 30. The association will
furnish three official timers for each race
upon thirty days' notice from a club and
the receipt of $4 to cover the timers' ex
penses.
The Baker & Hamilton trophy will be
contested for in a special twenty-mile
scratch race, to be run on the second Sun
day in Juiy each year over the San Lean
dro triangie. Each club will enter five
men, who will start in five groups five
minutes apart, one man from each club
in each group. The club whose five men
finish in the lowest net time shall be
awarded the trophy for the year. The cup
must be won three times to become the
property of a club.
An entrance fee of $2 50 will be required
from each club entering the race. The
race is to be restricted solely to class A
riders.
This question was bitterly contested in,
the meeting, and was only decided after a
great deal of discussion.
F. B. Wilkins was elected first vice-pres
ident, to fill the position of C. W. Gom
pertz, resigned. After listening to some
remarks by Charles A. Wikidel, the man
ager of the coming indoor-racing tourna
ment, the meeting adjourned at midnight.
Captain Plumraer of the Bay City
Wheelmen, who has just returned from
Los Angeles, brought the surprising news
that Oscar Osen, the well-known racer, left
there Friday for the East ana will shortly
go to France to race with the professionals.
A novel feat was performed at the Dia
monu ice Company's works in Newport,
R. I. A plate of ice was placed on edge
just as it was taken out of the tank, and
behind this half a dozen persons took their
positions, while on the other side a photog
rapher posed his camera. The features
could be seea distinctly tbrougu the ice.
Don't measure
tat measure
£aio or re-
cau regain
can renew
yourself with
THE GREAT HUDYAN!
MARVELOUS HUDYAN!
Will Do For You
Just What You Wish.
Tour measure in life will be full and com-
plete. HUDYAX cures certain cases of liver
and kidney affections. Cures nervous exhaus-
tion, nervous debility and nearly all nervous
troubles. You can only get the Great HUDYAN
from the ,
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Send for Circulars and Testimonials
yf:S'i:; . FREE.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, dv«
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producinfr germs. Then come sore throat,
plmpies, copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellia sts.
LIVER — When your liver Is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
! discontented. You will notice many symptoms
! that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a koocl liver regulator,
■ and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives — use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
I n ?ooa
I Drink
f That's what Ghirardelli's ( '
r Cocoa is. It gives to dyspeptics r
f the greatest amount of nour-' 4
( \ ishment with least possible , i
iishment with least possible \
work for the digestive organs* J
' I It is to the well a preventative . \
f of an overtaxed stomach ; de- f
f creasing the need for quantities f
I of solid foods. A
!of The BEST Cocoa must be 4
The BEST Cocoa must be 4
FRESH. Age, exposure, etc~ ±
I causes loss of strength ; and ' \
f nourishing qualities. Ghirar- V
v delli's is made HERE — P
4 to you almost direct; .j* is 4
4 FRESHEST, STRONGEST. 4
\ 30 cups for 25 cts.^tj*^^^«s* \
\ Ask for«3&«3'«3fc«3&«3fc«3 t \
\ Ghirardelli's «^ i
}^COCOA^£^tj
>u^&,> v Aren't
When You Decide That
Price Makes , Grade .\ .
The WAVERLEY has pleased thousands. It
will please you. Call and examine or
send for catalogue. : * -
MEN'S, $85. .
v LADIES , $7*5.
rfnaLiana S^icijafe d>o.,
: J. S. CONWELL, Manager,
18 and '26 McAllister Street. S. P
1 IMMIMMIM^im I 111 — II iff
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary ami
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free. ' '
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Room 1, 632 Market St., San Francisco.
€~;dewey&co.>^'
patents! J
22Q MARKET ST.SJF^mjr
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
U&3&1 Editor and Proprietor.
■ . •
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Freo:
r»ny and Sunday Caii, one week, carrier.. $0.18
roily end Sunday Cam., one year.by mall 6.00
roily BE<J Sunday Call, six months, by malL. 8.00
Daily and unday Cali,, tbree months by mall 1.60
Tally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. . .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail .'. I.CO
%'kkjcly Call, one year, by ma 11............. 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street, .
San Frandsco ( California.
Wepbone :..... ..'..... Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS
Dl 7 Clay. Street.
Fcltpbone ...:..... Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open amtQ
S :f 0 o'clock.
££8 Hsyes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Larklu street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
XX.III t'OVIOCk.
161b Mission street; open until 9 o'clock. .
il to fcuuh street: open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE «
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
•corns SI and S2, 84 Park Row, New Torlc City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY.. FEBRUARY 3, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Now that the silver discussion is over we
return to straight politics.
The Senate is now ready to discuss the
emergency tariff and talk business.
This will be a liveh 1 week in Washington
and it won't be dull in Frankfort, Ky.
So long as the emergency tariff is kept
waiting the emergency will stay with it.
With every new week there should be a
new step taken toward the free market un
til we get there.
Sooner or later the fight against down
town pooirooms will win and it may be
sooner than you think.
The State Development Association is
•working without noise, but it is reaching
far and achieving much.
We are not having the reform mass
meetings we had last year, but we are get
ting just as much reform.
It might be worth while for the police to
look around to see if any lottery ticket
fiends are getting bold again.
In other localities festivals come and fes
tivals go, but Truckee keeps her toboggan
elide running as a steady job.
As Democracy has no Presidential pos
sibilities it may have to put up with an
impossibility aad try Grover again.
Don't forget that local politics is worth
attending to and studying even amid the
excitement of Presidential elections.
As the Speaker of the Ohio Legislature
is named Sleeper, it ought to be an easy
job to railroad any bill right over him.
If the times are not so prosperous as we
could wish they are at any rate good
enough to silence the calamity howlers.
Omaha is still working away for a Trans-
Mississippi Exposition, and we may yet
have to get in and help her make a success
of it.
The re-funding scheme occupies the mid
dle of the road to prosperity and Califor
nia must either crush it or be forced to the
woods.
There should be no delay in sending a
reform tariff to Cleveland and putting
upon him the responsibility of rejecting it
if he dares.
Tennessee has an oil boom, or rather
there is an oil boom in the State, but the
Standard Company owns all the land it
spreads over.
That this administration is tolerated at
all is a proof the American people can
stand a joke against themselves no matter
how bad it is.
The deficit in the revenues is not the
only emergency that calls for a new tariff.
Every unprotected industry makes the
same demand.
Illinois Democracy is so utterly petered
out it is believed there won't be a man in
the party with nerve enough left to try to
beat Altgeld for a renomination.
Even Kaiser William seems to have been
forced to borrow money to get in the wild
oatcroDof his youth, and like all who do
that kind of thing he borrowed trouble
with it.
Just at present Nebraska is pointing
with pride to Senator Manderson, but as
soon as the Republican National Conven
tion opens she intends to make a dark
horse of him.
The New York Press says "the Demo
cratic party is only ward-meeting Bize,"
but in this part of the country it cannot
even fill the bill there without straining
itself until it splits
We shall hear a great deal in the coming
campaign about the endless chain that de
pletes the gold reserve, but the people will
bear in mind they heard nothing of it un
til the enactment of the deficit tariff.
From the drift of sentiment at present it
appears that in every State where there is
to be an election for Governor this year all
the candidates will desire to make the
race something of a good-roads movement.
By way of preserving her oyster-bods
from exhaustion Maryland ia considering
a proposition to permit individuals to oc
cupy not more than five acres of the beds
each, provided they propagate oysters and
keep up the supply.
The recent bicycle show in New York is
Baid to nave impressed politicians with the
strength of the wheelmen's clubs and it is
predicted that all parties will make a bid
for their votes by promising good roads in
all parts of the State.
According to a report of Labor Commis
sioner Meriwether of Missouri, the gross
earnings of the street railways of St. Louis
lor the year 1895 were over 58 per cent on
the actual investment, and exceeded the
entire amount for which the roads were
assessed for taxes.
Accordine to estimates made by the Im
migration Commission not less than 100,000
Canadians come into the United States
every year and fully 50 per cent return as
Boon as the busy season is over and they
have made a certain sum of money. The
coming of these men of course crowds
Americans out of a job, and it would seem
to be a kind of visiting that ought to be
d iscouraged.
A NEW DEVELOPMENT.
The House Committee on Pacific Roads
has suddenly opened its eyes to the import
ance of the measure with which it is deal
ing. Congressman Maguire's presentation
of the point raised by John T. Doyle of
San Francisco, to the effect that the pri
ority of the first mortgage bonds over the
Government's claim had been forfeited by
the failure of the Central Pacific to com
ply strictly with the conditions of the act
authorizing it to issue such bonds, fell like
a bombshell in the committee-room, and a
sub-coinmittoe was at once appointed to
inquire into the matter. One member of
this sub-committee has intimated thet if
the ground is found to be well taken the
funding proposition will be at once
dropped.
Mr. Maguire thinks that the committee
will fikely require some kind of judicial
determination of the question before it re
ports. How this may be secured no hint
is given. Apparently, however, the proper
procedure would be for the President to
move in the premises. This would natur
ally take the whole question out of the
hands of Congress, where it never had a
proper place.
This appointment of a sub-committee
ma^ not be merely a "blind." It is con
ceivable that the committee is not willing
to be made the tool of Mr. Huntington
and that the education which is issuing
from San Francisco is opening the eyes of
the committee to a condition which it had
never understood. It is hard to believe
that the Coneress of the United States
would willingly be placed in the position
that Mr. Huntington desires it should oc
cupy. In any event this latest action of
the Pacific Roads Committee affords us
the first ray of hope from that source and
emphasizes the value of the hard work
which California and its loyal Representa
tives in Coneress are doing.
Mr. Huntington has made his prelim
inary appearance before the Senate com
mittee and has promised to make a full
statement in a few days. He has fore
shadowed his intention to show that the
security of the Central Pacific will be
ample in the event of the passage of a
funding measure. As this is one of the
smallest elements of the subject, and in
no sense goes to the vital question in
volved, it will be interesting to observe
the manner in which his argument is re
ceived.
Evidently the great man is becoming
uneasy, as his lawyer, Mr. Tweed, has in
formed the Senate committee that the
company would be able to discharge its
obligations in fifty years, and has pro
duced figures to that purpose. It seems to
be a backing down from a demand for the
Smith bill, which provides for an exten
sion of a hundred years.
AS UNEXPECTED VETO.
Mayor Sutro's veto of the $35,000 appro
priation made by the Board of Supervis
ors for the paving of Folsom street was
wholly unexpected and has thrown the
South Side into confusion. The ground of
his veto was not that Folsom street did not
need the improvement, but that the money
was more urgently needed for the business
streets. This may be a matter of opinion.
Certainly the business streets for the most
part are in a wretched condition, many of
them atiJl being paved with that horrible
remnant of a barbarous ace, cobbles. Even
Market street, which should be the best
pavtd thoroughfare in the City, is inferior
to many of the residence streets which
have been paved in recent years.
Whether or not the board will pass the
appropriation over the Mayor's veto is an
other matter and cannot be foretold. The
whole situation, however, has proved ex
ceedingly and unexpectedly instructive.
The lessons which we have learned from it
are these:
First — The appropriation for the Folsom
street improvement was made solely as the
result of the enercetic, persistent and har
monious efforts of the property-owners
and improvement clubs of the region south
of Market street. This shows what can be
accomplished by united and persistent
effort.
Second— The claim made by that section
of the City, to the effect that it had re
ceived nothing like its proportion of
the appropriations for public improve
ments to which its great taxable
wealth entitled it, and that the bulk
of the money devoted to such pur
poses had been expended in districts
paying less taxes, while having a basis in
justice to the extent of its right to a reas
onable shar.e of appropriations, must be
considered in connection with the fact that
the districts to which the more extensive
appropriations have been applied are com
paratively new. More than that, these
improvements have been far superior to
the original improvements made south of
Market street. This raises the question as
to whether it is or is not the duty of the
municipality to help those who help
themselves — to reward with good pub
lic improvements those sections in
which the residents show most pride in
their private improvements.
Third— We have learned that by no sys
tem of creating funds by current taxation
for needed improvements can the wants of
the City be supplied. If all the accepted
streets needing repaying were put in
proper condition by current taxation the
City would be swamped. If some way
could be found for undoing the work of
acceptance of former years in cases where
the streets were wretchedly paved, and for
compelling property owners to do the
work afresh, the situation would be greatly
simplified. The present condition of many
of the most important thoroughfares is
disgraceful. There is always an opportunity
for fronting owners to show sufficient pub
lic spirit to put their streets in proper or
der, and that would be far simpler than
bonding the City. But San Francisco has
not yet attained to that eminence in the
development of civic pride and business
enterprise.
POLITICS AND BUSINESS.
The vote taken upon the silver bill in the
Senate on Saturday closes what '■ may be
called a dilatory episode in the proceedings
of that body and leaves the way .". open for
an immediate consideration of , the emer
gency tariff. That measure ought cer
tainly to be pushed forward with as much
speed as possible, for it not only concerns
the revenues of , the Nation" but F through
the .-. degree ; of protection it affords I will
operate beneficially in restoring ■ commer
cial confidence and stimulating the long
depressed industries of the country.
From the silver bill nothing is to be ex
pected. The . Senators ' themselves ■; can
hardly have thought it of great iim
portance, for even so stanch a supporter of
free-silver coinage ~ as ) Senator : Stewart
spoke of it as "a dress parade," and those
who were opposed ; did , not think it worth
while to make any very earn est efforts to
beat it. It will have no effect whatever on
legislation except io defeat the bond • bill
that was sent ud from the House, and will
probably have even less oiii the course of
Presidential 'politics. In fact, the vote in
the Senate showed : that party lines were
not drawn upon it,'and'it; therefore im
possible to make it .; a "party issue in the
carapajjtn.v, .'._..-":% •;; ,t£  : ; ,;- V .".'■",. ■,'.■■. ';.
When the emergency tariff bill, bow
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
ever, is taken up we shall have a different
condition of affairs. That bill was carried
through the House by an almost strictly
party vote, and will have the effect of
bringing the Senate back again to its
rightful party divisions. It will lint up
on one side the men who are opposed to
deficit revenues, excessive foreign imports,
gold exports, increasing the bonded debt,
and leaving American industry exposed
to the competition not only of Europe, Dut
of the Orient. On the other side it will
array the supporters of the administra
tion, and those Democrats who, though
opposed to the administration, are stili so
blindly devoted to the fetish of free trade
that they continue to cling to it, even
though it bring disaster not only to the
prestige of their party, but to the welfare
of their country.
In short, the closing up of the silver de
bate and the opening of the tariff discus
sion means the beginning of business legis
lation in the Senate. There will, Df course,
be much time yet given to the considera
tion of foreign politics and to oratory on
the Monroe doctrine and the affairs of
Cuba and Armenia, but in the main the
time of the Senate will be occupied here
after either in redressing the tariff in the
direction of the protective system or in
the routine work of passing the usual ap
propriation bills. We are on the eve of
the revival of straight politics, and with
that is sure to come a more sanguine feel
ing in business circles. The people, as
Senator Morrill said on Saturday, have
confidence in the Republican party, and
when they see its representatives reunited
in the Senate as in the House, fighting
earnestly for protection and not dividing
on side issues, they will feel new assur
ances of the coming victory in the Presi
dential election, and in that assurance
will enter upon business and enterprise
with renewed hope and increased ardor.
EIVEE IMPROVEMENTS.
The dangers developed and damases
wrought by the recent storm in California
have been used as a lever by some of our
exchanges to overturn any possibility of
the rehabilitation of hydraulic mining.
The Sacramento Bee is exceedingly bitter
in its denunciation of that industry, and
makes these extraordinary declarations:
"The rivers are filling up more and more
every season, while hydraulic mining con
tinues to pour down its flood of debris.
As much detritus is sifting down the
streams and clogging ud their beds as
there ever was. Across the mouth of the
Feather a great bar has been formed by
the avalanche of debris hurled down the
Yuba by the hydraulic mines and this has
caused the Feather to back up until it has
spread all over the adjacent country."
The Record-Union is by no means so ex
treme, but it takes the ground that hy
draulic mining is the cause of all the
trouble, and the inference from its posi
tion is that this industry should not be
tolerated hereafter under any circum
stances. Another of our interior ex
changes declares that the recent floods
loosened great quantities of debris con
fined in the mountains by inadequate
dams and sent them down into the valley.
Botn the Record-Union and the Bee de
clare that there is great danger of the Sac
ramento leaving its banks permanently
and establishing for itself a different
course, thus leaving Sacramento off the
water highway. The Record-Union proves
the imminence of this danger by showing
that the river runs along the crest of a
ridge made by a filling up of its bed and
the building of levees to restrain it.
As the ostensible purpose of these two
papers in pointing out these conditions and
dangers is to call the attention of the Gov
ernment to the need of keeping the rivers
open and making them fit for navigation,
The Call heartily agrees with that pur
pose. The subject of hydraulic mining is
one for future consideration— with the res
ervation that if it is true that the restrain
ing dams in use in the mountains are
inefficient they should be promptly in
vestigated. These were constructed under
the direction and with the sanction of com
petent Government engineers, and if there
i 3 any fault it is chargeable to them and
not to the business of hydraulic mining.
The Barham biil for the reclamation
of the rivers seems to fit the needs of the
situation admirably, and the Record-Union
is eminently right in refuting the position
taken by a paper in Southern California
that the improvement of our rivers is
merely a matter of local interest. The
whole sentiment and influence of Califor-
nia should be united on this subject.
COAST EXCHANGES.
Among the great movements of to-day in
the direction of a development of Califor
nia's natural resources are the conversion
of water power into electrical energy and
the discovery of petroleum deposits*. As
both of these lines of inquiry go to the
vital question of producing greatly needed
power at a minimum cost, and as fuel is
expensive and the manufacturing re
sources of the State are held in check by
reason of that fact, the development of
these two sources of cheap power is a mat
ter of the greatest importance.
The latest news in the line of oil discov
eries comes from the Pacific shores of San
Mateo County. The vicinity of Halfmoon
Bay has long been famous for its superior
dairy products, but the value of these i 3
threatened with eclipse. If the Southern
Pacific Company carry out its present ap
parent intention of running a line across
the mountains from the vicinity of Moun*
tain View to the ocean the oil resources
of the coast will find easy egress to San
Francisco; but even should that fail we
still have the free ocean route at com
| maud. A company has been formed and
| boring has begun and the prospects are
■ encouraging.
Geological experts, while acknowledging
abundant evidences of gold and oil de
posits in the Santa Cruz Mountains, have
expressed a doubt that these valuable de
posits would be found in areas of sufficient
size to make their development profitable,
for the reason that the range was pro
duced by volcanic upheaval and is greatly
broken and contorted as to rock stratifica
tion. However this may be, it is an es
tablished fact that oil wells of great
promise were developed in the range and
were suppressed by the interference of the
Standard Oil Company. Farther, at
places in the mountains ibere are unlim
ited deposits of bituminous rock, or sand
mountains, cast up by the sea, which for
ages hava been saturated with petroleum
that by exposure has parted with its vola
tile elements, leaving a residuum of bi
tumen as the binding element, which with
the sand that it permeates constitutes bi
tuminous rock. This seems to give inde
pendent evidence of inexhaustible stores
of petroleum, and it is a safe prediction
that some day they will be tapped. Al
ready the great discoveries of oil in Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles counties have
practically broken the Standard Oil
monopoly in California— a monopoly
which the Southern Pacific Company for
many years has assisted diligently to
maintain.
The Summerland Advance has been pub
lishing some exceedingly interesting mat
ter of late concerning the development of
the oil industry in that part of Santa Bar
bara County. Taking the Eastern esti
mate of value, namely, that an oil well is
worth $1000 for each barrel that it pro
duces a day, our exchange finds that the
owners of wells there had made an in
credible profit on their investment. While
some of the proprietors objected to the
giving of information, apparently through
fear that it mieht create excitement and
induce development beyond a safe limit,
our contemporary learned sufficient to
present a most interesting account. H. L.
Williams, for instance, invested only $6000,
and has already cleared that much, while
announcing that he thinks his wells could
be made to produce ten times as much as
at present. Mr. Wilson, who invested $10,
--000 in developing wells, sold them, after
six months' work, for property that yields
an annual rental of $4000. Our contem
porary adds: "From an investment of
$500 many have realized a monthly reve
nue of from $100 to $600 above expenses,
without any labor after the wells are put
down further than shipping the oil and re
ceiving the checks from the purchasers.
Without doubt there is nothing on this
coast in which there is greater profit than
an oil well in Summerland. The certainty
of the investment is another great item for
consideration. When one commences to
bore for oil he knows he's going to get it.
There is no euess work or uncertainty
in the matter. An oil well ought to bring
its owner from $5 to $25 per day aboye ex
penses of operation. When a lot is util
ized to its full capacity it will net its
owner from $500 to $l'soo a month. A gold
mine would not be as profitable as this:
and an oil well can't be 'salted.' No one
ever failed in the oil business here; it is
sure pay every time. The return of the
stars to the sky is not more certain."
The reawakening of business activity at
Downieville is promptly recognized by the
establishment of a papfr there called the
Sierra Enterprise, published by Downer,
Hill & Co.
Senator Goucher's long-expected paper
has appeared at Fresno. It is called the
Watchman, and its ambitious and difficult
mission is ths unification of the Demo
cratic party.
Gilroy has a bright new paper, the Tele
gram, edited by R. G. Einfalt, with the
assistance of his talented wife.
Having incorporated and thus made its
position secure, the Stockton Record (daily
and weekly) declares rightly that it has
earned its right to existence.
The Free Press has invaded the journal
istic field of San Bernardino with so good
success that it secured the city printing
contract when it was only three issues old.
In announcing its policy the new Lake
County paper, the Putah Mail, says: "We
are not here to 'run out' or throw mud or
any such foolishness; what we are here
for is to improve the natural resources of
Lake County by stimulating proper busi
ness methods, cleanliness in politics and
social life, to help strengthen fraternal
bonds, increase enterprises and try to
secure the just division of the comforts of
life."
The Santa Rosa Press has announced
that, beginning with February, it will
issue a semi-weekly edition at the price of
a weekly, so as to give its country readers
the beneiit of the latest news.
The Fresno Expositor furnishes this in
stance of the enterprise of Los Angeles
and the valuable results •which may be
expected from an intelligent utilization of
the enormous water power at present
going to waste in California: "Los Angeles
is always alive with propositions that
point that way. She has had an eye on
the trade of this valley, or a large portion
of it. A few days ago a franchise was
eranted for electric lines reaching to the
Kern County line, and also to a point on
Kern River where power can be easily
generated to propel cars over the Tehachapi
range. Look out for the electric railroad
in the near future."
The Board of Supervisors of Placer
County has advertised for bids, receivable
the 10th inst., for a contract to complete
the new courthouse, jail and hall of
records.
On the 12th of March the Board of
Supervisors of Merced County will receive
proposals for a high school building at
Merced.
The Colusa Sun, always alert to its re
sponsibility, urges the people of that city
to unite in an effort to secure a beet-sugar
factory. It has published a list of far
more than a hundred of the responsible
citizens of Colusa who have pledged them
selves to forward the enterprise. Its in
troduction to the list is as follows: "It
will be seen from the names appended
hereto that the town of Colusa is going to
come out right liberally for the erection of
a sugar factory. The names appended are
by no means all that will contribute, and
they are given simply to show progress. It
is to be hoped that the abundant rain and
the spurt in Ihe price of wheat will not re
store confidence to the extent of prevent
ing any one from helping the good work
along. At the very best the river lands
about Colusa are not so well adapted to
the growth of wheat as the lands on the
plains; and it has been evident for some
years to observers of the world's progress
that we must have another staple than
wheat, and in the opinion of the best men
in this State there is no staple so good as
sugar at. all available to us. In the course
of years it may be possible that Colusa
might got a factory without any subsidy,
but it is not wise to wait and take the
chances. The landowners are the people
most interested, and if they will come up
as liberally as Ihe town tiiere will be no
question of success. Do you suppose you
could find a single man in a radius of
eight miles of Watsonville who would
have the factory taken away from there for
five times the amount you are asked to
subscribe?"
The Livermore Herald has published a
splendid special edition of twenty-four
pages, printed on the costliest book paper
and illustrated with the most artistic en
gravings. Its contents are so varied and so
ably presented that it is impossible in a
short apace even to list them. No Califor
nia newspaper has ever achieved a more
useful or pleasing success, and any resi
dent would be bestowing a benefit on Cali
fornia by Rending a copy of this superb
publication to some friend in the East.
A FUTURE FOR SAILING VESSELS.
One of the wealthiest ship-owners of Ger
many, Carl Laeisz, president of the Hamburg-
South American Steamship Company and
board member of nearly every important Ger
man navigation company, is a firm believer in
the fu tore of sailing vessels. That he is prac
tical in his confidence is to be seen in his own
ership of twelve four-masted snips, among
them the Potosi, which is the largest sailing
vessel afloat. This great ship, which was
launched on the Weser last year, is engaged in
trade with Cnile, and has just returned to
Hamburg from her first voyage to Iquique
with a cargo of 6400 tons ot nitrate, having
accomplished the round trip in five and a half
months.
The successful experiment of this German
shipper should give encouragement to present
and prospective owners of American sailing
vessels to enter into competition with the
numerous British and Scandinavian tramp
steamers. A vast quantity of the objects of
commerce consists of bulky articles likemin
eral fertilizers, ores, hides ana lumber, in the
transportation ot which cheap rates of freight
are more essential than speed. No matter how
economically the steam ocean tramps may be
run, they cannot successfully compete with
sailing craft in the item of rates; lor it costs
less money to feed a crew withi salt beef and
hardtack than to feed a steamer's furnaces
with coal. Moreover, a sailing vossel need
not sacrifice one-half or more of her carrying
capacity to engine-room and coal-carrying
space, and when cargoes are scarce the sailing
ship can be laid up, with no risk of deteriora
tion to mnchinery. Neither will the sailing
tramp require as frequent expensive repairs as
her steam rival. The confidence of Herr
Laeisz rests upon a solid foundation, and the
scudding clipper may again become an im
portant though auxiliary factor in the world's
commerce.— Philadelphia Record.
PERSONAL.
E. C. Apperson of Santa Clara is at the Lick.
Louis James and wife are at the Occidental.
State Senator R. Linder of Tulare is at the
Lick.
J. S. Templin, a mining man of Idaho, is at
the Palace.
Colonel J. S. Templln, a mining man of
Idaho, is at the Palace.
John Harpst, a lumber and mining man of
Arcata, is at the Grand.
B. A. Mattello, the rubber manufacturer, of
New York, is at the California.
C. B. Shephard, a prominent Boston mer
cnant, is staying at the California.
Ex-Assemblyman A. J. Bledsoe Is down from
Crescent City and is at the Grand.
F. B. Jones of the United States navy Is
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Francis J. Semmes and C. F. Preston of tao
United States navy are at the Baldwin.
Edward McGettigaß, the Sheriff, politician
and ex-Supervisor of Vallejo, is at tne Russ.
C. B. Shephard, a Boston banker who is mak
ing a tour through the State, is at the Califor
nia.
John A. Nukuxn, a well-known citizen and
capitalist of Spokane, Wash., is at the Cosmo
politan.
H. Hirshfeld, a capitalist and retired mer
chant of Bakersfield, is in town. He is regis
tered at the Lick.
W. Lee Capps of the construction corps of the
United States navy is here from Washington
and is at the Palace.
Mme. Tavary, Thea Dorre, Carl Martins and
Mrs. Charles H. Pratt of the Tavary Opera
Company are at the Baldwin.
M. F. Nolan, well-known farmer and pro
moter of Tuolumne County interests, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Thomas Barry, a Montana mine-owner of
Pcoria, 111., is at the Russ. He is establishing
himself neai Napa, where he has purchased
some vineyard property.
Sam Sussman, the New York banker, is at tha
Palace with his wife and four children. Mrs.
Louis Wormser, the widow of the New York
banker, is with the party.
S. M. Butler of Denver has just come up from
his orange grove at Riverside and is at the
Grand with his wife. He has a large commis
sion and fruit business in Denver.
paragraphs aeout people.
Among the directors of the First National
Bank of Huntington, Ind., are two women, and
one of them, Mrs. Sarah F. Dick, Is the bank's
cashier.
The young King of Spain is said to have
grown hysterical over the Cuban situation and
weeps and wails at the prospect that he will
become the Spanish George 111.
Mme. Jeanne Hugo, the granddaughter of
Victor Hugo, who was recently divorced from
her husband, Alphonse Dauaet's son, is about
to marry a young doctor of Paris.
German scientists and statesmen are rejoic
ing over the high honors conferred upon Major
Wissmann, Governor of the German East Afri
can colonies, by the Sultan of Zanzibar.
The committee of Rochester citizens recently
appointed to raise funds for the erection of a
monument in that city to the memory of the
late Frederick Douglass appeals to all patriotic
citizens for aid.
King Prempeh of Ashantee, who has just
bowed the knee to the English, made only one
condition before the complete surrender, and
that was that on occasions of state he should
be allowed to wear the uniform of an English
colonel.
The greatest bane of Queen Victoria's exist.
ence is the enormous amount of original
"poetry" sent to her from all parts of the
world. It is all read by her secretaries, and
the best of it submitted to her Majesty and
personally acknowledged. On the recent birth
of the royal grandson nearly half a ton of
manuscript verso was received at Windsor.
Governor Bradley, the new Kentuoky chief
executive, is a man of very plain and demo
cratic manners. He was present in Lansing
on County Court day wearing an old slouch
hat and smoking the same corncob pipe that
he has been smoking, so his friends allege,
for twenty years. All the old farmers who
knew him slapped him on the back and said,
"Hello Bill!" while one said: "He's the same
old Bill Bradley, and would ask you for a chew
of 'home-made' as quick as ever before,"
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Always.
San Jose Mercury.
The poor we have always with us under a
Democratic administration.
A Ouostion lor Taxpayer!.
A lamed a Telegram.
Are grand juries useless? This is & question
taxpayers will do well to ponder over.
Cultivating; the Corn Crop.
LO'.H Review Budget.
A farmer is said to have walked 300 miles In
cultivating one acre of corn. He thereupon
sold his farm and moved to town, where he
walked 600 miles in a vain effort to find work.
Not Meeting Much at All.
Kern County Echo.
A complaint comes from Sacramento that the
Code Commission is violating the act creating
it by holding its meetings In San Francisco in
stead of in Sacramento. But it seems to be
nearer the truth that it is not meeting much
at aIL
Two Decisions.
The Petalumian.
Our Supreme Court Has lately decided that
nnder the old California statutes, under which
the Pacific Bank was incorporated, the
stockholders are individually liable for their
proportion of the debts of the bank. The Cen
tral Pacific Railroad was incorporated under
the same law, but another court has decided
in the Stanford case that the Stanford estate,
and of course Crocker and Huntington, are not
responsible as stockholders of the Central Paci
fic lor their or any proportion of the debt to
the Government of the Central Pacific. We
try very hard to think that there is but one
law ior the rich and poor alike, but Providence
has given us two eyes, and until they are
merged into one we can't help seeing both
these decisions at the same time.
HUMOR OF THE DAY.
"Are the English so very slow?"
"Slow? Why, my dear boy, they have Just
come down with tne Trilby epidemic!"— Puck.
"Isn't that a very slow horse of yours?"
"Well, he isn't much for speed, but he's
easily frightened and runs away a good deal,
so he gets there just the same."— Detroit Free
Press.
Scrimpitt— Doctor, this bill of yours la pre
posterous—ridiculous !
Dr. Charged (blandiy) — Well, I don't mind
saying that it is absurdly low myself.— Harper's
Bazar.
He— Haven't you noticed how happy Mary
Marbleton looks lately? I believe she is en
gaged.
She— Either that or she has given uptight
shoes.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Why don't you go to work?" asked the in
quisitive lady.
"I dassen't," pleaded Dismal Dawson. "Me
clothes is that tender 't if I moved in a hurry
they'd fall to scraps."— lndianapolis Journal.
"Did you fall?" said a man, rushing to the
rescue of a woman who slipped on the icy
pavement this morning.
"Oh, no," she said. "I just sat down to see if
I could find any four-leaf clovers."— Atchison
Globe.
RUINED BY HIS MILLIONS.
Not for a long time yet will the French pa
pers cease to talk about little Max Lebaudy,
the youthful millionaire, says the New York
Times. Not only did he illustrate, both in his
short life and in his premature death, the evil
effects which wealth will occasionally produce,
but his story furnishes a strange commentary
on a certain most unpleasant phase of contem
porary French politics and morals.
Lebaudy's father made a colossal fortune in
the susrar business. Some years ago the father
diedj leaving every member of the family more
millions of francs than they well knew what
to do with. There were three sons in the family.
Of these, two. already of age, came into posses
sion of their fortunes at once, and showed an
inclination to use the goods the gods had given
with that caution which usually pas.-es for
wisdom. Max was still a minor when his
father's death occurred, and the elder brothers
saw to it that he had none too much money.
He was an ambitious youth, however, with
M. Max Le bandy, the Young Frenchmen
to Whom Riches Brought Rain and
Death.
aspirations that r/in chiefly toward horses,
bicycles and athletic sports, but which occa
sionally, also, turned toward the facile divini
ties of the stage. All these tendencies seemed
equally disreputable at the Hotel Lebaudy,
and before long the boy came to be regarded
as a sheep decidedly black. Then came the
experience with the money-lenders, and these
people advanced whatever sums he wished,
asking in return only an occasional signature
at the foot of a piece of stamped paper. In
stantly began the wild, short race that ended
the other day in the military hospital at
Amella-les-Bains. The boy's extravagance
soon sent his nickname, "le petit sucrier,"
flying pretty nearly around the world. His
horrified family tried to put him in an insane
asylum and failed miserably. He was not
mad, or even particularly vicious. His gener
osity equaled iiis extravagance and won for
him innumerable parasites and a few friends.
The story of his career does uot need re
hearsing. It has been told too often and too
recently.
Only the end of the story is at all out of the
common. When it came time for Max Le
baudy to render the service which every able
bodied Frenchman owes, or, at least, is forced
to pay, his country by serving in the army, the
Parisian press almost with a single voice de
clared that ft way would be found to exempt
the millionaire irom the hardships which
other conscripts undergo. Bo Joud was this
cry that no way was found. Instead, the cow
ardly officers under whom Lebaudy served
were so afraid lest the inevitable charges of
bribery might Mick that they treated the
famous "sucrier" with* outrageous severity.
Privileges that a peasant conscript got for the
asking were denied to his absurdly and dan
gerously rich comrade. Even when repeated
examinations had disclosed that the young
fellow was far advanced in consumption, and,
therefore, entitled to an immediate discharge,
fear of newspaper suspicions ana revilirigs
silenced the very doctors, and the only favor
they would show was to send the wretched
victim of wealth to a hospital crowded with
typhus patients just returned from the marshes
of .Madagascar.
And there he died. It is a remarkable story.
A CONSERVATIVE.
The garden beds 1 wandered by
One bright and cheerful morn,
When I found a new-Hedged butterfly
A-sitting on a thorn—
A black and crimson butterfly,
All doleful and forlorn.
I thought that life could have no sting
To Infant butterflies,
So I gazeri on this unhappy thing
With wonder and surprise, .
While sadly with hi.s waving wing
He wiped his weeping eyes.
Said I, "What can the matter be?
Why weenest thou so sore?
With garden fair and sunlight fr«e
Ami flowers In goodly store — "
But he only turned away from ma
And burst into a roar.
Cried he, "My legs are thin ana few
Where once I had a swarm;
Soft fuzzy fur. a joy to view,
Once kept my body warm,
Before these flapping wlmt-thlngs grew
To hamper and deform- "
At that outrageous bug I shot
The f ury of my eye :
Said I, in scorn nil burning hot,
In rase urn; aneer high,
"You ignominious idiot,
Those wings are made to fly 1"
"I do not want to fly," said he;
"I only want to squirm !"
And he dropped his winps dejectedly
But still bis voice was iirm;
"I do not want to be a tty,
I want to be a worm."
0 yesterday of unknown lack!
To-day of unknown bliss!
1 left my fool in red and black,
The last I saw was this—
The creature mad y climbing back
liuu his cbrysaiis.
Chablotte Pebkinb Stetsost.
A NEW JACKET.
The newest model in jackets is shown here
and it certainly recommends itself on the score
of comfort as well as style, buttoning close up
to the throat in the most sensible way; while
a turn over collar, usually of velvet, finishes
it. The handsomest suits for general wear are
m%Sl* i 8 8^ apC ' Wltn a full skirt to match
of mixed cheviot. A fitted waist of the name
may be worn under this coat or a silk or fancy
■waist of plaid cashmere. The mixtures of
cheviot show many combination!! of color, and
in these handsome gowns the silk lining is of
the same tone as the goods. Two smoked pearl
buttons fasten the coat. ■-■. -■'"■ • - " :-■-■■■
V For . a coat to be worn with any skirt, melton,
tweed, plain cloth and cheviots in one color
but many fanciful weaves are best, liked. The
collar should be of velvet showing an edge of
the cloth. : '■<:.. •
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Attachment— J. J. D., City. When an at
torney, on behalf of a client, commences an
action against an individual to recover on a
claim allesed to be due he is not called upon
to give the defendant notice that He intends to
do so, or give notice that he Intends to proceed
to attacn any real estate the defendant may
own or claim.
Mare Island— J. T. 8., City. It Is stated, but
Answers to Correspondents has been unable to
trace the assertion to a reliable source, that
Mare Island, Solano County, received its name
from the fact that in early day* it was a place
where a great many breeding mares were kept.
If any ot the readers of this column can ftr
nish the reason for the naming o£ that island
the same will be published.
Charlotte Cushman— Subscriber, City. Char
lotte Cushman. the actress, died on the 18th
of February, 1876. She closed her theatrical
career in the character of Lady Macbeth at the
Globe Theater, Boston, May 15, 18 1 5.
Institotb of Art-8., Berkeley, Cal. The
Hopkins Institute of Art is open every day in
the week except Sundays. On the first Friday
in each month no admission fee ischareed.but
on other day« the admission fee is 25 centa.
Lord Dttnraven— J. S., Menlo Park, Cal. Lord
Dunraven, the yachtsman, was born February
2. 1841, at Adare Abbey, England. He was
educated at Christ Church, Oxford, and entered
the First Life Guard in 1805. After retiring
from the Guard he devoted himself to sports,
yachting in particular.
Transparent Pictures— W. D. F., Nashua, la
In painting on glass so that it will be trans
parent the colors are laid on with a brush and
fixed by the processes usually employed in
enameling paintings. That is the colors are
applied in a thin layer to the surface of the
glass, which is then heated until the coloring
fuses, as in enameling. In magic lantern slides
the pictures are fixed with transparent varnisn.
Safety— E. G. S., Livermore, CaL Safety, aa
applied to bicycles, is a term that was given
to the present style of wheels to distinguish
them from the ordinary. The old-style wheel
was dangerous, because so many who rode
them took a header, and when the low wheels
were invented, some one commenting upon
the new machine remarked, "that's a safety,
for no one can take a header with that." Hence
the name.
The Fottr Hundred— E. G. 8., Llvermore, Ala
meda County, Ca.l. "The Four Hundred" was
a term applied to the number of people in New
York City who. according to Ward McAllister,
the leader of the bon ton, made up what is
known as society. That is, when he first used
the exprej-sion he asserted that there were but
400 people in the Empire City who could bo
classed as society. Since that expression was
first used the number has increased.
To WEt>— Ella, St. Helena, Napa County, Cal.
This correspondent asked if it "would be
propar for me to wed a gentleman fifteen
years older than myself. I am of age myself
and he is a respectable man and has no bad
habits." Answers to Correspondents cannot
well interfere in affairs of the heart, but will
say that there would not be any impropriety
in a maiden marrying a man fifteen years her
senior, provided she loved him and she be
lieved that he would make her a good bus
band.
Filing a Map— Subscriber, CaL If the map
of an addition is filed with a County Recorder
by any one but the owner of the laud, and sub
sequently the owner of that land sells prop
erty in that addition and in the deed inserts
"As per map now on file in the office of the
County Recorder," that would bind him.
Streets and highways and roads become public
property by dedication and by condemnation.
The question asked is one that would require a
judicial determination and this department
does not undertake to express opinions as to
what a court of law mignt decide in the appli
cation of the facts to the law or the law to the
f ac ts.
Incorpobattng— J. C. J., Livermore, Alameda
County, Cal. A business firm wishing to in
corporate as a private corporation usually
secures the services of an attorney to prepare
the papers, which must show the name, pur
pose, place where the business is to be carried
on, the term of duration (not to exceed fifty
years), the number of directors and the amount
of capital stock. A corporation is formed in
this State by five or more persons. The ma
jority of the number must be residents of the
State. The fee for registering articles of incor
poration with the County Clerk is $1. If it is
desired that the same shall be recorded the
cost may depend on the length of the docu
ment.
Tenderloin Distbict — 8., City. The term
"tenderloin district" is not usually understood.
It originated with a captain of police of New
York City some years ago. In speaking of the
transfer of two other captains, one from a dis
trict in which the best class of people lived,
and in which very little police duty beyond
patrolling ihe streets had to be done, to another
district, in which there was a rowdy element
and constant need of the police, he said: "Thai
fellow now is going to get all the tenderloin
and the other will get the rump part." This
expression was afterward construed by people
who did not understand the origin of the
phrase to mean a district in which a certain
class of women live. It has been so construed
in this City and is applied to any sectioniwhero '
such are to be found.
The Was op 1812— D. D., City. The editor
of the foreign paper that recently declared that t
during the war of 1812, or the second war be
tween England and the United States, the
English were always victorious on land and
sea, and that the United States had to sue for
peace, is evidently not acquainted with the
facts of history. T*he United States did not sue
for peace. Peace was first suggested by Russia.
England refused to accept the offer of Russia,
deciding to act of Its own motion, and ap
pointed commissioners, who met American
commissioners at Ghent in 1814, and after con
siderable discussion peace was declared, but
before the news of peace arrived Jackson woo
bis brilliant victory «t New Orleans. On the
waters the Americans won thirteen out of fif
teen battles, including Perry's victory on Lake
Erie in 1813. In battles on land neither side
gained much advantage.
THE STATE OF EUROPE.
A correspondent of the New York Sun sends
to that paper a curious verse describing the
condition of Europe more than 150 years ago.
The lines were written at a banquet given in
Rome in 1738 to Sir Robert Walpole by Car
dinal Altien. The map of Europe has changed
somewhat since then and some of the powera
mentioned have disanpeared. The lines were
written in French, but the following ia a trans
lation:
Germany fears all; -. .
Austria, risks all;
Bavaria hopes all :
l'russia takes all:
Mayenceglveaall;
Portuial sees ail;
F.ngland would like to boss all) .
Spain embroils all;
Savoy suspects all:
Jlussia meddles in all;
Holland gets all ;
I'rance stint up all:
Jesuits arefverywhere:
Rome blesses all.
If C>od does not look out for all
Ihc devil will get away with all I
Towksend's California glace fruit*. 80c Ib. •
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Preu
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ■
Johannis
Asa table water it is unsurpassed.— London
Hospital Gazette. •
Lord Roberts, "Little Bobi," says that
military bands are of great use to infantry
regiments. Footsore troops forget their
fatigue when the bands play.
What Hood's Sarsaparllla has done for others It
can and will do for you. A fair trial of Hood's Bar
saparilla will convince you of the entire truth of
the above statement. Take only Hood'a.
" Mrs* TVinslotr's Soothlnjr, Syrap"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of molh
erg for their children while Teething with perfeot
t uccess. ' It soothes the child, softens tho gams, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bovrels
and U the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether
•rising from teething or other causes. For sals by
Drusglstsln every part of the world. Besuroaul
ask tor ALra. Winslow'4 boothlmt tiyrijh Hi •
bottle, .. .*"
Cobonado.— Atmosphere Is. perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and | is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north, Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board at the- Hotel dal
Coronado, $CO; longer stay f2 50 per day. Apply
4 Kew Montgomery st.. San Fraiclsco. .
NEW TO-DAY.
/VB Monday, Feb. Sd. To-day only.
I a Freshest Ranch Eggs
If the best in the market,
\M only 15c dozen to-day.
n« Grocery Dep't Store, No. 418.
' \jji Largest Department Store
, IJj Smiths' Cash Store,
j**! 41 4|4 1 6, 418 Front st,S.F.JP» .-as** M
MONDAY FKBRCARY 3, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Faldwtn Theateb.— Grand Opera— " Alda."
California Thkatek— "Hendr Hudson Jr."
Coujmbia Theater— "Men and Woracii. ~
MoitoEco's Opeka-Uocse— *Sins of the Night."
Tivoli OpERA-HotrsK.— -The Gentle Savage."'
Orthecm.— High-Class Vwhl*tlll»
Übovfb'* AI.CA; Aii.— "Arabian Nights" and
"Joe's Girls.
Nkw Bcsn-ST. Thbateb. — "Uncle Tom's
Cabin."
Shoot tux Chutw- Daily at Halght street,
one block east of h<» Park.
I'll UTVMCI i hack.— Races.
Nic»osoroH TnEATER (Oakland)— "ln Old
Kentucky", to-night. ■
AUCTION SALES.
IJakkictt <t SHKRwoon— To-day (Monday).
Diamonds. Watctn's, Jewelry, etc., at 7 Kearny
street, at 11a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
By s. v. Da i Ktj»— To-morrow (Tuesday) at 11
a. v., at 1605 Harrison roe .
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The leading lights of the Tavary Opera Com
pany arrived last night
The Southern Pacific will take up lta spur
track in Golden Gate Park.
There were over 10,000 people on the ocean
beach at one time yesterday.
The Sutro Heights Mere crowded yesterday as
they never were crowded before.
Several eloquent socialism speeches were
made last night In Pythian Castle.
Millie Viola's balloon caught fire yesterday.
1 hen she could not make an ascent.
Key. Arthur M Clark discoursed on "Moral
ity and Keiigion" at St. Mary's Church.
The Golden Gate Park force has been re
duced by the discharge of feixty laborers.
Lizzie Grinter, a young girl from lowa, has
come to San Francbco to seek her brother.
All the trains running to the ocean beach
were crowded to their utmost all day yesterday.
Some notable target-hitting was done at
SchUPtzen Park yesterday by the marksmen of
the local clubs.
Th<» next lecture of the Lick course before
the Pioneers will be given to-morrow night by
Captain H. G. llotw.
The Women's Singing C'ass of 1896 held i's
first meeting yesterday aiternoon with ninety
e:x members present.
Otto Burke made an accent with a balloon
from the Haight-street grounds yesterday, and
fell and injured himself.
Dr. C. O. Brown addressed the meeting of the
Christian Kndeavor Society of the First Cou
gregational Church last night.
Louis Evian, aged 6*2, attempted to commit
suicide in his room at the Gutter-street House
yesterday by cutting an artery.
The Learue of American Wheelmen rules
are much more lenient to amateurs than those
of the American Athletic Union.
Magpie won the coursing stake at Ocean
View yesterday, wh'le LaJy Fitzgerald and Wee
Lassie were successful at Newark.
One of the trains of the Ocean and Park
road was stalled yesterday, the locomotive
being unable to haul the overloaded train.
General Forsytb, commanding the Depart
ment of California, D. 8. A., has submitted a
report supplementary to his annual report.
An improved water battery that throws a
stream strong enough to overturn a dwelling
was tested by the Fire Department yesterday.
A bicycle dealer of Japan, now in this City,
says that Japanese-made wheels will cut no
figure in the American market for the present.
An optimistic sermon on the church's future
wes preached last night at the Fourth Congre
gational Church by Rev. F. Flawith, the new
pastor.
Mayor Sutro tells about the occasion of Hun
tinpton's takinp lur.ch at Sutro Heiphts. He
•ays that Huntiugton did not swear nor did he
go aw ay mad.
Yesterday on the new Butro electric road to
the Cliff House a. car jumped the track on a,
curve and a number of persons were thrown
off and severely Injured.
The members of Nationals were at Shell
Mound yesterday practicing for their rifle
match with the Hawaiian sharpshooters, which
will take place next Sunday.
A game of Gaelic football was played on the
feereatkm grounds. Golden Gate Park, yester
• day afternoon between the Emmets and Saa
Franciscos and resulted in a tie.
At the meeting of the Academy of Sciences
this evening Prcfessor Joseph Le Coute will
read a pap<»r entitled "A Memoir of James
Dwight Dana, the Great Geologist." ■
Dr. E. R. Dille of the Central Methodist
Church preached a sermon last evening in
which he denounced in strong terms the pro
posal to license the poolroom" in this City.
Professor R. R. Lloyd occupi ed the pulpit of
Dr. C. O. Brown at the First Congregational
Church last night. Dr. Brown occupied a rear
pew and held an informal levee after the
service.
It is mentioned as a notable fact that during
the month of January not a member of the
Society of California Pioneers died, something
that has not been recorded of any other month
In years.
At the Chinese theater Saturday evening
dunng the opening performance of a Sam Yup
company of players a disturbance was created
bySeeY'ipsln the audience hurling bad egga
at the p :.yers.
"Fair Monday; fresh to brisk norther! v
wind~; probably light frosts in this vicinity
Monday and Tuesday mornings," was the pre
diction issued last night by Forecast Official
W . H. Mammon.
Michael Cunningham is In jail with a bullet
wound in his ri^ht shoulder, the effect he
claims, of being shot at twice by J. Horn 'bar
keeper of the Freight Sheds saloon at Fifth and
Harrison streets.
Rev. P. McN'ally. castor of St. Patrick's
Church, West Oakland, spoke on the religious
controversy yesterday. He said that Catholics
could swear they owed no civil or political al
legiance to Rome.
Dr. J. L. York delivered an interesting lec
ture upon "The New Bible last evening in
Scottish Hall, in which he said that science
and knowledge are taking the place of super
stition and ignorance in the minds of the
people.
District 3, League of the Cross, held a very
successful rally yesterday in Odd Feilows'
Hall. There was a prize es>*ay contest, the
subject being "Why I Am a Total Abstainer,"
aud the winner wi» Thomas Eccles of St. Bren
dan's parish.
The iub-oommitteos of the Mardi Gras enter
tainment of the San Francisco Art Association
were breakfasted at the Institute of Art ye«
terday morning by the executive committee,
and preparations for the approaching ball
were discussed.
Two great games of handball were played in
the San Frencisco court yesterday afternoon,
Champion Kilg&llon and J. C. Xealon defeat-
Ing Champion Donnelly and T. F. Bonnet, and
Champion Hariow and J. Riordan defeating
Champion Jones and J. Lawless.
Several days ago Wah Tv Tong, a Chinaman
emDloyed In the Pacific Coast bone works, was
badly injured by the breaking of a fly wheel.
At the Receiving Hospital it was found" neces-
Eary to amputate the left leg. Blood poison set
In and the sufferer died last evening.
sergeant Owen Davis is awarded the
mounted saber contest with Baron Ivan Mal
chin of Russia, having won seven points out
of eleven when hia horse was cut by Mslchln
and the npht stopped by Officer Holbrook.
Malchin refused to finish the second contest
because of fouls by Davis and it was declared
off.
WEW TO-DAY.
OF A
IS FOUND IN
CUTICURA
A CHURCH THAT
HAS A MISSION
Believes in Facing All of
the Modern Social
Problems.
THE FLOCK IS NOT RICE.
Fourth Congregational Church,
Organized Thirty Years
Ago.
HAS TAKEN NEW DEPAKTUEES.
Ad Optimistic Sermon Preached by
the New Pastor, Rev. Frederick
Flawith.
The Fourth Concrepational Church is a
little old-fashioned buiiding, situated on
Green street, near Stockton. Though
small and unpretentious, however, it
covers * sphere of usefulness almost as
> wide as its straggling pariah, and under
| the ministrations of its new pastor. Rev.
| F. Flawith, it is beginning to make itself
j felt as a power in Congregational church
I circles.
The Fourth Church was organize-! just
j thirty years ago, and during its existence
it Laa been the spiritual birthplace of a
large number of active church-worker?,
| many of whom have gone out into other
1 fields and have made a record for them
| selves. There has been very little pew
| cushioned Christianity about the Fourth
Church, its people do not count million
aires among their ranks, and they have no
aspirations toward moving into a new and
fashionable locality.
The community'ronnd which the lift) of
the Fourth Church centers is more or less
a fluctuating one and iust at present
active workers are in demand. Theie
is an ardent band of church membeis,
about 140 in all, but most of them have their
time very fully occupied with business or
house avocations, as people of elegant
leisure are rare in the congregation. La
dies with time at their disposal are espe
cially in demand as church workers.
One feature of the Fourth Congrega.
tional Church is the active share which
the men of the parish take in church wo r k.
Last summer Rev. F. Flawith was called
to succeed Rev. H. H. Wykoff. Soon after
the new pastor's advent a men's league
Tor practical work among the poor and sick
was organized. It is difficult t oge tthe
members to talk much about the league
as they say it is only doing its duty in a
humble way and has not yet made a long
enough record to be worth discussing.
In spite of this reticence, however, there
are many .'ick and poor In North Beach
who can tell a eood deal about want re
lieved and medical attendance furnished
gratis by the Men's League of the Fourth
Congregational Church during the past
six months. Practical work, indeed, is
the watchword of the church just at pres
ent, the doctrine of "Bear ye one another's
burdens" being continually before the con
gregation. It 19 only in a modest way that
the members; are trying to alleviate the
poverty and distress of the community,
but they have taken hold witn a will and
are doing some splpndidlv unselfish work.
The Sunday-school, under Superintend
ent John Hatch, is in a flourishing condi
; tion, and the Ladies' Aid Society is an
other pillar of the church.
It is only two months since Rev. F.
Flawith accepted a permanent call to the
church. Prominent among hia predeces
sors may be mentioned Rev. Dr. Lane.
The recent departure of the Men 'a League
along practical lines has aroused a good
deal of intereßt in North Beach, end the
attendance at the services is increasing in
numbers. Rev. F. Flawith preached to a
large congregation yesterday evening from
the text taken from the first chapter of
Ephesians, "And hath put all things
under his feet and gave him to be the
head over all things to the church, which
is hie body and the fullness of him, that
j fa'lleth all in all."
The preacher said:
The apoßtle is optimistic with respect to
the usefulness and future of the Christian
church. He wag fully assured of jts certain
triumphs and glorious remits; he felt that the
world is not lotst, though it is in sin.
It is the genuig of Christian principle and
truth to purify or destroy whatever it comes
In contact with. Human fellowships, which
compose the churches, are as much under this
eternal law as everything else. It ought not
to be a surprise. \\ hen we look over ecclesias
tical history and find that disturbances end
j unrest frequently follow In the wake of the
church'c proßresst; it is rather a sign of on
going. Many a fail down, is a fall upward
The mission of the church la not a sleepy
alliar.ee with the world.
Tne supremacy of Christ on earth is not
through the power of politics and corpora
tions. The church proper of which Chriit Is
the hend and whicii Is to nil all things, is the
fellowship of humanity influenced and quick
en ?a ir.< soul and mind by his spirit and life
just as the body is influenced by the brain. In
our want of faith we dcubt the possibility of
success to any such a spirit over the world.
We look at what we boost mgly call civilization
and find it to be very little more than burn
ished bHrbarism.
Religion is weighted by the selfishness, big
otry, fanaticism, cowardice and meanness of
religious people, hhe is wounded in the house
of her friends. The world looks upon the
church as her worst of foe?, yet the church is
to reign over all things by the power of divine
love. She faeei perpetual opposition and per
secution. She comes forth out of the age* of
strife with torn hands and bleeding feet.
The story of Christ is the i-tory of Christen
dom in proportion as it has been truly Chris
tian. I know the great heresy of the church
organic Is to trust more to Us emoluments and
sagacity than to its faith and spirit of ltl
Christ, As a result the average professor is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
cold and unsßcriflcing. To know this you nre
sim iily to Inquire what Is the most important
motive that sways our votes, our gifts and
directs oi;r labors in the church of the Living
< hrist. Tliis* is organized religious selfishness.
We inny not be profane in music, we may not
be heretical in doctrine, but in liie's service we
may he worse than all that. Yet I have im
plicit faiih in the leavpri which has leavened
the whole lump. The ascendant Christ in using
his church and blessing her.
Tin- summer will come, though we are being
visited by storms and atmospheric disturb
ances. God's purpose is to bless the church,
through every individual man and woman
of it.
The fulln-ss of Christ in all things means
the completion and transformation of human
life. The purpose of creation is not down but
upward. Tne development of civilisation is
only the progress and growth of the child life
in the world.
Already the golden rule is becoming the
center of government. You may doubt thia,
but if y<>u believe in progress, you must be
lieve in Christianity.
I The process may be slow, the journey may
j be lone, but the time is slowly coming when
the governments of the earth will be truly
those of righteous. Isaiah saw thi> truth; you
remember bow he drew the picture of animals
that represent destroying tendencies, the lion,
the bear, the wolf. And then compared to
these he give us the emblems of innocence and
usefulness, the calf,, the kid and the innocent
child.
In all these symbols the prophet shows us in
a few words what the world's lite is, and then
with one ma- terly sweep of the bru>h he gives
us the strand inspiring picture of what i« to be;
violence, cruelly and the spirit of sinful dis
tinction have become no more, not by force,
but by the love of purity and innocence which
mean the very thought onct emotion of life in
mankind Ah! to-day our religion may be
a burden,; righteousness may be a yoke,
grievous to be borne, but it wants no stretch
of faith to realize that the day is coming when
our religion will be our breath and our speech
will be only an act of worship.
What will be the agencies and processes of
the mighty revolution? In the first place God
will specially favor the instrumentality of
those in true fellowship with his spirit. In
the next place he is controlling, and will con
trol, directly and indirectly, all the actions
and institutions of men. The unselfish
thought and the heroic decision are more
momentous in the world's advancement thnn
kings and vast armies. The apostles never
thonsrht. thftir tun ilnvn' nravor.inwuinir wrtnlH
Rev. F. Flawlth of the Fourth Congregational Church, on Green Street, Near
Stockton.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist. ]
Bather power enough to draw tne world so
near its millennium and so fnr from the empire,
which never survived its shock.
How often has God put down his hand and
twisted tiue most selfish plan into the most
beneficial results! Tammany owns New York
much less than we think it doe?, and the Solid
hiiflit may have their momentary spasms of
delight in their despotism over £an Francisco:
but as sure as the days go by the Lord will
hold them in derision, and manipulate their
best-devisod plans so that at last both they
and all machinery of Iniquity will break up
this awful sluggishness of thrnlldom. There
will come out of it all a true revival of faith,
trust and service.
The curtain is being drawn back and a flood
of heavenly light will reveal to us how the
rich and the poor may live together in the
true spirit of their brotherhood. Perhaps this
way or that way, but surely it is coming to
make the most trivial life solemn, the most
gloomy life rich and beautiful.
With courage and hope let us view the Tiro
cess by which the race is rising up more and
more unto the spirit and likeness of Him who
is to be the head of all things to the church.
Let us take warning from the past and inspira
tion for the future perfect day when Christ
shall have filled all with Himself.
MONDAY NIGHT SHOWS.
Whut It to Be Presented at the City
Theaters This Kvening.
The mucn-talked-of Tavary Opera Com
pany will make its appearance at the Bald
win to-night for the first time since Janu
uary 7. 1895. The opening selection is
"Aida," whose story was set to music by
Verdi. Mme. Marie Tavary will be the
prima donna ossoluta.
Corinne is to appear in extravaganza at
the California Theater to-night and will
have for support the members of the Kim
ball Opera Comique Company. The play
to be presented is "Ilendrick Hudson Jr.,
or the Discovery of Columbus." There is
said to be a great deal of fun in this.
At the Columbia Theater "Men and
Women" will hold the boards, ffhe play
has been so well received that, in accord
ance with the request of a large number
of the patrons of the hou?e, the manage
ment has decided to let it run for one
week more.
The bill at Groyer's Alcazar for this
evening has upon it the farce entitled
"Joe's Girls" and Sydney Grundy'a com
edy, "The Arabian Nights." The latter
piece bad a good run when offered here
before, and as it is intensely funny it will
no doubt draw again.
'•The Sins of the Night," a strone melo
orama by the author of "Woman Against
Woman" and the "Wages of Sin," ig what
the mana ement of the Grand Opera
house will offer to its patrons this evening.
It is a play that is emotional and sensa
tional.
After a lone and very successful run
"The Man at the Wheel" is given a chance
to rest, and this evening "The Gentle Bav
aire" will make ber appearance. This is
the effort of Nym Crinkle, Estelle Clayton
and E. Darling and treats of border life.
BUy Carter, the popular banjo-player
and singer of negro melodies, will be one
of the new attractions at the Orpheuni
Mu?ic Hall this evening. A first-class
vaudeville programme has been arranged
and quite a number of new people will
make their bow before the audience.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Peculiar Predicament in Which
Two British Ships Were
Placed.
THEIE CREWS IN QUARANTINE.
Mate Ferguson of the Aureola Arrested
on East Street for Furious
Driving.
The British ship Fanny Kerr arrived
from Newcastle, N. S. W., yesterday, after
at« unevent'ul run of sixty-eight days.
"Liuht winds and calms all the way," said
Captain Gibbons, when he was asked what
was the reason for his long voyage. "By
the way," continued he, "I see that Cap
tain May of the Edenbailymore got in
ahead of me. I sailed from Newcastle hve
days before him, as he had to wait for his
crew, but he must have got a slant of wind
that I missod."
Both Captain Gibbons and Captain May
have their wives with them, and thereby
hangs a talc. When the vessels were at
Cardiff loading for Rio de Janeiio news
came that yellow fever and smallpox were
raging there. Captain Gibbons decided to
send his wife to Australia by steamer, to
rejoin the Fanny Kerr at Newcastle, while
Captain May's wife refused to leave him
and faid she would take the risks of catch
ing the fever and smallpox. "When we
reached Rio," said Captain Gibbons, "the
epidemic was at its worst. Hen were dy
ing every hour and I have seen a dozen
corpses taken from the ships surrounding
us in a day. Several of the crew of the
E'ienballymore died, but strange to say,
there was never a case of sickness on the
Fanny Kerr.
"From Rio both ships went to Newcastle,
and as some of the men on the Edenbally
rnore died during the voyage the entire
shin's crew was sent to Sydney to be quar
antined. I was laughing at Captain May's
misfortune and congratulating myself on
having sent my wife over by steamer,
when the Orient steamer Cusco arrived
flying the yellow flag. Mrs. Gibbons was
on board her and she was sent to quaran
tine to keep Mrs, May company. The lat
ter was released justin time to catch the
Edenballyinore, but I came near to leav
ing ray wife behind. The Fanny Kerr was
under way when I saw a steamer making
port. I decided to wait for her, and sure
enough Mrs. Gibbons was on board. We
had a pleasant passage to San Francisco
but I would have liked a little more
wind."
Oh. honey, while our pocket's full of money,
Come and trip, trip, trip, come and trip it on the
quey,
For the winds In the sail and the thunder in the
gale
And the good ship plunging to be free.
Fred Ferguson, chief ."-, officer of the
American bark Aureola, descended the
gang plank of his vessel at ; Center street
yesterday singing the above song. Half
an hour later he was not tripping it on the
quey, but he was driving aconple of youne
damsels at a furious rate along Howard
street. A mounted policeman gave chase
and an exciting race to the water front
ensued. At the corner of East and Howard,
Fenruson collided with a cable-car, and
during: the pause that followed, Officer
C[isham secured his man and took him to
the Harbor Police Station, where he, was
charged witli "furious driving.". ; The girls
were allowed to go 1 ; home and the horse
and buggy were sent back to the stable.
At a late hour in the afternoon Ferguson
was still singing away in bis ceil, "There
was : : sweet-eyed -: Marearet | and trim-set
Sail, i and ■ sweet ' Kitty. ' from the % north
countree." >&&&&&Q*msp- :
James McDougal and his wife of Oak
land had an experience In the bay yester
day that they are not likely to forget in a
hurry. They started from Jong wharf in
a row boat to* visit the coast defense vessel
Monterey. When in midchunnel the
wush from the ferry steamer Bay City
caused the little craft to roll a great deal
and Mr-. McDougal in her terror threw
horself against the rail and overturned
the boat. Luckily there were two White
hall boats in the vicinity and both the
people were rescued in a few minutes.
Mrs. McDoueal was far more calm and
self-possessed in the water than she had
been in thn boat and did not make a
struggle while being hauled into the
Whitehall.
The gullibility of the general public was
amply illustrated on the water front yes
terday. For some time past the papers
have been publishing telegrams about cer
tain districts in California where the
orange crop was partly spoiled by tne
frost. This fruit has been shipped to San
Francisco, but as it is perfectly worthless
t ere is no sale. A couple of ped> tiers
struck on a scheme by which they could
"earn an honest penny." They bought
up the oranges "for a song," and yester
day two large wagons patroled the front
laden with the frost-bitten fruit and bear
ing this placard : "Genuine frozen oranges
only 5 cents » dozen." The bail took, and
from Meigcrs w arf to Folsom street there
was a continuous line of men, women and
children who ad purchased toe "genuine
froz"n oranges."
Before the real character of the fruit was
ascertained the peddlers had sold out and
gone home.
The captain of the barkentine Modoc
which arrived at Seattle yesterday reports
that on January '28 about 110 miles west of
Cape Flaitery he saw a large vessel on
tire. It was impossible to tell whether it
wa^ a ship or bark, as the rigiring had
been burn d away. His vessel stood by
for twenty-four hours, but he saw no sign
of life about the burning craft. The crev/
haa evidently left the vessel. The vessel
is supposed to be the British ship Nineveh,
which sailed from Vancouver January 17
for Sydney, Australia.
SPUR TRACK TO COME UP
The Southern Pacific Admits It
Has No Right to Maintain It
in the Park.
Contributions of Rare Specimens From
the Straits Settlement to the
Museum.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
has, through Charles F. Crocker, its first
vice-president, announced lhat It has no
right to maintain t c spur track in Golden
Gate Park, or to operate cars thereon, as
will be noticed by reading the following
copy of a letter received last week by the
president o! the Board of Park Commis
sioners:
San Francisco. January 28, 1896.
Mr. Joseph Austin, President of the Board of
Golden Gate Park Commi,^ioners—DEA.R Sir:
The Southern Pacific Company is desirous of
discontinuing the hauling of street sweepings
to tbc park, also the hauling of loam and sand
to and from the park, and as soon as arrange
ments with tiie Park Commissioners has been
made for discontinuing this service as abo/c,
it will take up all tracks for which it does not
claim to own a right of way, or does not have a
ripht to operate. ,s
Please inform me of the earliest date when
this arrangement can be made to go into
effect. Yours, very truly,
Charles F. Crocker.
To this communication a reply in the
following words was sent:
Mr. Charles F. Crocker— Dear Sir: Your cora
munk-auon, dated January 28, 1896, notifying
the Park Commissioners of your intention oi
discontinuing the hauling of loam c.nd street
sweepings to the park has been received.
We regret very much that your company oan
not continue this work, as the loam and sweep
ings are what our park most needs.
We take this opportunity of (hanking your
company for allowing the spur track to remain
during the past twelve months, as it has en
abled ua to tertilize large spaces of park land
that, otherwise could not have been improved
except at very great expense.
1 had hoped that the track could remain un
disturbed at least another year, or until there
bad been delivered to the park at least 50,000
yards more.
But ai^ce you determine to take up the track
we will be ready for discontinuance Febru
ary 1. Respectfully. Joseph Austin,
President Bourd of Park Commissioners.
"That," said Superintendent McLaren,
"is tbe end of the spur track about which
so ranch has been said. In a short time
it will be taken up, and we shall have to
make some other arrangements to have
the street sweepings hauled out here, that
is. if we can. I shall call upon the officers
of the Street Department and the olficers
of the Merchants' Association to ascertain
what can be done. It is possible that spe
cial carts can be built and the sweepings
taken to the park instead of taking them
to the City dumps."
"I am sorry that the tracks are to be
taKen up," said President Austin, "for we
need considerable of this material for park
purposes."
The new bicycle track has been graded,
and by reason of this work being com
pleted and the fact that there is no more
loam to be bandied, the Commissioners
have decreased the working force in the
park to the number of sixty, including
twenty-five men with teams. " Other work
is beinc pushed forward rapidly, and in a
short time the force may be still further
reduced.
The fine weather of yesterday drew thou
sands upon thousands of peode to the
park. The band, which for two Sundays
had not been heard, was greeted by an im
mense audience that enjoyed the pleasing
and artistic selections rendered, and gave
proof of its appreciation by frequent and
loud applause. The walks were crowded
with promenaders and the drives were
also crowded with people in vehicles,
equestrians and wheelmen "and wheel
women, all wearing pleasant smiles and
evidently happy to be out in the warm
sunshine.
The amount of work that had been re
cently done on the site of the Midwinter
Fair grand court is manifest. It has been
so much altered that but little remains to
remind visitors of what it was.
What remains of the electric tower will
be sold by the Sheriff on Thursday for the
benefit of whom it may concern, and the
sale will be with the understanding that
the broken iron must be removed within a
week. To-day work will be commenced
on the tunnel that will be built under the
main drive.
The walls of the addition to the museum
are up to their height, and are now ready
to receive the roof timbers. The museum
has received from the museum of LeJangor
in the Straits Settlement a hundred objects
for the purpose of placing on exhibition,
some of which are extremely rare. Among
the lot are specimens of the bamboo rat, a
civet cat, boa constrictor bear mink, Ma
layan creslea quail, dwajf heron, larse
green pigeons and kingfishers. Professor
Greuber, who has charge of the classifica
tion of birds, animals and shells, has re
ceived and placed in the cases a number of
stufred humming birds, the iinest collec
tion ever exhibited in this City.
WEARS WESLEY'S MANTLE.
Key. William Kader's View* of Whit
field and Wesley.
Rev. William Rader's theme at the
Third Congregational Church last evening
was "John Wesley and the Reign of the
Common People.
Mr. Rader said :
The eighteenth century movement, like the
Reformation, was made necessary by the de
cline of relißion. John Wesley did not aim to
organize a new church, but to reform the old.
English morals were bad. Hannah More
wrote: "She saw but one Bible in the parish of
Cheddor, and that was used to prop a flower
pot." Wesley appeared at a time when great
thincs were taking place in the world. Dur
ing his lifetime Addison and Reynolds, Wash
ington and Napoleon lived; the steam engine
came, and Cook circumnavigated the globe.
The Oxford Club awakened Groat Britain
and landed the evangelists in Georgia aud
New England.
Whit Held, the greatest preacher of his day,
was a member "of this club. He believed in
predestination. Wesley did not. He touched
Kew Eugland Congregationalism with his Cal
vinism and carried his divine tire to ihe Purl
tans. It is said that his voice was heard across
the Delaware when speaking in Philadelphia.
He sleeps beneath the old church in Newbury
port, Mass. Wesley was converted under the
influence of Moravian missionaries, who
taught him the fundamental doctrines of his
theology.
Methodism has outstripped Calvinism. One
emphasizes God, the other man.
Methodism awakened the people and touched
the scholastic thought of the eighteenth cen
tury with emotion. It reached the masses,
and the story of its career is full of dramatic
interest. It is my opinion that General Booth,
more than any other living man, bears the
mantle of Wesley and Whitfield.
A IMsustrous Spree.
William Murphy, a laborer living at 521
Minna street, fell down yesterday morning
while under the influence of liquor and broke
his right leg. lie was taken to the .Receiving
Hospital and the bones were set.
The latest invention in gloves is fitted
with a palm mirror.
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES
General Forsyth 's Supplementary
Report on Field Exer
cises.
AEMY ENGINEERS ON DTJTY.
The Lime Point Battery— Thirteen-Inch
Guns of the Battle-Ship
Oregon.
i
Brigadier-General Janes W. Forsyth,
commanding the Department of California,
has just transmitted to the Adjutant-
General of the United States Army a re
port supplementary to the annnal de
partmental report forwarded last Septem
ber. The suuplement is a volume of 154
printed pages and minutely describes tho
practice marches and field maneuvering of
the troops last summer.
The report sets forth that the different
commands — cavalry, artillery and infantry
— were marched to and from the camp in
dependently of each other and occupied
separate and independent camps while at
Monterey. The roster at the end of the
report shows what officers and organiza
tions participated in the instruction.
In the supplementary report General
Forsyth remarks:
"No extra expense was incurred through
any of these marches or camps, but a
number of embarrassing difficulties arose
on account of a lack of means. ■ The
amount of mule and wagon transportation
allotted io this department is not sufficient
to move such a command at one time. In
future encampments the necessary funds
should be allowed to pay for rail trans
portation of heavy baggage and camp
equipment.
"Good maps, whose military features
were not obscured by too many topograph
ical details (an essential preliminary to
such instructions) hud been prepared of
the terrain surrounding Monterey. To as
sist in orientation and to facilitate the
preparation of orders as many landmarks
fvere located and named thereon as prac
ticable. Were copies of these maps at
tached hereto, the orders, comments, etc.,
might be somewhat more intelligible, but
it has been found necessary, much to mv
regret, to omit this I ature on account of
expense. It is also a source of regret that
the reports, itineraries ana maps submit
ted in connection with the marches,
reconnoissances, problenis, exercises, etc.,
are too extensive to admit of publication.
"A general description of the exercises
cou Ul not convey as fuii and complete an
idea of the details of the instruction as can
be obtained from the orders and other pub
lications relating thereto. These are
therefore published in appendices hereto
in lieu of such a description.
"It is believed that the system of field in
struction here outlined is a thoroughly
practical one — applicable in whole or in
part to small commands of varying size
and constitution, and to any ordinary mili
tary post or department.
"I feel that I cannot too urgently com
mend the importance of this class ot in
struction to the consideration of superior
authority. Nearly all unite in acknowl
edging its importance, but I fear that its
degree of practical benefit is fully realized
by few outside of those who have had op
portunity to observe it in practice or to
participate therein.
"All officers and men rendered cheerful
and excellent service. I have never had
experience with instruction where greater
interest and enthusiasm were displayed or
better results achieved."
The United States engineers recently
ordered to San Francisco are now at their
respective stations ot duty. Colonel Suter
succeeded Colonel Mendell as chief engi
neer on the coast. Major Davis performs
the river and harbor work which was under
Lieutenant-Colonel Benyaurd and the
lighthouse duty which Major Heuer per
formed. Captain Gillette takes the river
and harbor work which was formerly un
der Major Heuer' s supervision.
Lieutenant Potter of the engineers, who
has been stationed here foi some years, is
on duty mainly at Lime Point putting in
the platforms of three 12-inch breech-load
ing rifles. The Lime Point battery is on
the bluff, 485 feet above the water, and is
sure to be a formidable fort. These guns
command the approach to the Golden
Gate, and no hostile fleet can come in
without being a long time under the fire of
these guns. The site of the battery is so
high that the guns could not be depressed
to render effective work on a fleet in the
Golden Gate p'oper, but effective batteries
near the water line will command the
channel. One of the 12-inch rifles for the
Lirue Point battery is on the ground and
the other two will be shipped from the
East next summer.
Lieutenant Littebrant, Tenth Cavalry,
who recently went before the examining
board at the Presidio, has returned to his
station.
Lieutenant Harry R. Lee, Eleventh In
fantry, arrived last Thursday and reported
to the board for examination.
Lieutenant Leave!!, Twenty-fourth In
fantry, arrived from Arizona last Saturday
and will report this week for examination.
Mr. Leaveli has been on duty as instructor
of the National Guard of Arizona and
speaks hiphly of that organization. The
Arizona Guard is not large in point of
numbers, but the troops of the command
are intelligent, active and progressive.
One of the four horses recently poisoned
at the Presidio died last Thursday. The
four occupied adjoining, stalls and were fed
from tiio same bale ot hay. An autopsy
disclosed poison in the stomach of the
horse. It is supposed that squirrel poison
in the hayfield in some manner got into
the bale of hay.
The dynamite guna and machinery at
the Presidio are carefully guarded by
sentinels. Mr. Watson of the Pneumatic
Dynamite Company of New York, who
placed t: c plant in position as the agent
of the contractors, is still at the battery,
and under his direction officers' and en
listed men of the Fifth Artillery are taught
how to handle the apparatus. The ar
tillerymen are making fair progress in this
new and important line of military work.
The monftor Monterey is in the'harbor
of San Francisco. The health of Captain
Kane has been sufficiently restored to war
rant hiß return to active duty as the com
mander of the vessel.
Two of the tbirteen-inch rifled guns of
the bait!e-shp Oregon are in proper posi
tion aboard the ship and the remaining
two will be placed where they belong
within the next thirty days. The battery
of eignt-inch guns is already in position.
At last official accounts the' Philadelphia
was at San Dieso. The cruiser, it is said,
will not co further south this trip.
The Boston by this time is at Honolulu.
The Olympia and Charleston are at the
Asiatic station.
Thrown From Their Bugglei.
James Norman, who lives on Sixteenth and
Mission streets, was thrown from his buggy on
Kentucky street last evening. Norman landed
face down in a mudpud>Ue and filled, his eyes
and nose with adobe. He was also badly out
and bruised about the head and body. While
sx-Poliie Officer Len Nott and his wife were rid
ing in (iolden Gate I'ark last evening the horse
ran away and threw th^m to the ground. Nott's
right shoulder vms dislocated. Mrs. Nott es
ctiped injury. The injured man was cared for
at the Receiving Hospital.
Joarez Guard Election.
At a recent meeting of the Mutual Aid
Booicty of the Juarez Guard the following
officers were elected for ihc ensuing term:
President, A. TVjeda; vice-president. Cap
tain A. de la Torre; recording secretary,
Lieutenant A. de la Torre Jr.; financial
secretary, A. Montero; treasurer, O. M.
Goldaracena; physician, Dr. E. C. Mervy;
trustees— A. Rojo, R. Va-quez, C. Torres'
K. Kieto, C. Cisneros, M. >ava.
NEW TO-DAY- AMUSEMENTS.
rROLAnD' L R.OOrTIOD« <3>. uiiC3An3nAnAotK4---
THERE . GREAT
WILL \ CRUSH
BE TO-
ANOTHER ' NIGHT
TO SEE THE
RJAWLiY COMPANY
In Their Magnificent Presentation of
"m EN I AND 'WOMEN"-
_o_rxj~Lj J XJ^j~Lj~L_r~Lj"%j'Xj*^-j~i_r\j'%j**ur^-r^^
COME AND SEE FOX YOUKSICLF.
THIS IS THEIR
JFAREWJ^
l^^Tti EATRS^I PROPS.
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
3 - tTtriEsiErK season:
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
The I'amous MARIi:
TAVARY GRAND
OPERA CO.
REPERTOIRE FXKST WEEK:
TO-WGHT ..... "AID
Tii'sdav ..........'. "CAKMEN"
Wed. Mat, atpopprices,"BOHKMlAN' (iIRL"
Wednesaay Nigiu ..."HUGUENOTS"
Thursday..... "MlfiNON"
FrIday...."CAVAL,LERIA BUSTICANA"
aud "IP VOI.IAOCI"
Saturday atinee ....."MARTHA"
Saturday Night "L.OHENORIN"
%sp THEATRE »-»*^- .
TO-NIGHT —ONE WiEK ONLY I
ONLY BIATiNKE SATURDAY t .-"
RIMBALL Opera Comiqne Organization
Of 60 People and the Peerless
In the Big Operatic Extravaganza,
"HENDRICK HUDSON, JR."
Calcby Mus'.c, Gorgeous Costumes. Beautiful
Scenery — A rfect Production.
Next Monday-THOMAS KEENE.
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Extra.
Announcement Extraordinary!— A i» Eathan A
Co. have tlie houor to announce ION'AL'E
PADEREWSKI
For a Series of 3 Piann Recitals
, : . , To he given as follows: .
; MONDAY NIGHT, February 10,
WEDNESDAY AFTEUnOO.V, February 12, •
And FP.IDAY AFTEitNOON, February 14.
Prices: . Orchestra and lJres* Circle,
55; Entire Balcony, S3; Entire Gallery,
%'4, till reserved; Boxes, V3O.
Sale of seats commences Thursday, February 6,
at the store of Sherman, Clay & Co., corner of
Kearny and Sutter streets. ,
®sjjP' •■ • ■ ■ . jt\ IP' A T^ ■
Cliallenef tonWe Fnnny Sill This Week!
"THE ARABIAN NIGHTS"
AND
"JOE'S GIRLS."
LAUGH ENOUGH FOR A MONTH!
Matinees— 'Wednesday "Pop" (Icecream
■ pecial), Saturday and Sunday.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c.
Night Prlces-lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
M bs. Ebnkstine Kreli.vh, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING-
The New American Opera, In Three Acts, '
Entitled,
"THECTOESAyAGF
MIKTHt- -MUSIC 1 DANCE I
The Fan Dance t
, The Mexican Fandango !
Tho '49 Mining Camp Melange !
— — SPLENDID CAST!- — -
New Scenery! Correct Costumes t
A Typical Mexican Orchestra.
Popular Prlcos- 25c and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WAI/rKK JIUJ'.OSCO, Sole Lessee and ilanajee
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production In This City of the Great English
Melodrama,
"SINSOFTHEMGBT!"
By the Famous Author of "Wages of Sin,"
"Woman Against Woman," eta
•Evjcxixo Prickj— 26o and 53a.
Family Circle and Gallerr. 10c.
Usual Blßlineed .vu urelny and Siiikl-»y.
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Btreeu Between Stocleton aal Po-»*R.
TO-NIGHT AND DDBING THE WEEK
A Grand New Vaudeville Offering!
FAMOUS COMEDIANS AND SINUEBSt
CARROLL JOHNSON,
BILLY CARTER,
EMlOms, EJIMERSOI A JD EM3IO DS,
RACH£L^WALKER
A Celebrated Company of Artists.
Beserved seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Open caain
and Hox seats. 50c. . ■ ;. . . .
"NEW bush-st. THEATER.
\ 12 PERFORMANCES 12
Commencing Sunday Matinee, February 2.
Cook win Sisters. Uncle Tom's Cabin.
Direct from Academy of Music, Philadelphia. "
50— P ople-50. 20- Ponies, Donkcj s, DogB--2O
ADMISSION— IS, 25, 35, 5O cts. '
Matinees Sundays. Wednesdays, Saturdays.
jJST Box Office open 11 a. m. to 4 p. if.
SEE THE BIG PARADE.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
«, ± (OAKLAND).
3 Nights. 4 eglnnlng To-night,
and Wednendar Matinee,
„ "IN <MJD KESTICKV:
Secure Your Seats. Popular Prices.
LOTS OF FUN!
SHOOTING THE CHUTES =nd .
TRIPPING, THE TROLLEY
Afternoon . and Evening.
ADMISSION '•" 10 CENTS
Children (lnclcdiug Merry-Go- Round Klde), lOo»
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEYCLUB.
'——WINTER MEETING v -
Beglnhlng Thursday, January 23a
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
- -Friday andiSaiurday. - Kaln or shine.
FlVis. UP. MOJtE RACE*} KACII DAY..
- ■ ■ '■• Races start at 2:00 p. h. sharp. ..-
McAllister and Geary street car» pass the Rato.
B. B. JIII,ROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JK.,-'.
becre:ary. ■* rn.-aideat>
78
TO PLAY IN HIS NAME
A Benefit for the King's Daugh
ters' Home for In
curables.
PLANS FOR A NEW BUILDING.
The Charity Company Will Give
"7-20-8" at the Columbia in
Aid of the Home.
The Columbia Theater, the scene of so i
Present King's Daughters' Home for Incurables, Formerly the City and County Hospital.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
many successful benefits, will soon repro
duce ."7-20-8" in aid of the King's
Daughters' Home for Incurables. The
charity company, which made such a suc
cess of tne play at Oakland recently, will
give a repetition of their performance and
the Metropolitan Orchestra will donate its
Eervices.
The only King's Daughters' Home for
Incurables in the United States is that
which occupies the oid buiidinp at 217
Francisco street, once the City and County
Hospital, later the Scandinavian Home.
and, prior to parsing into the hands of the
King's Daughters, the Old People's Home.
Only those whose lot it is to battle with
disease the remainder of their lives are
eligible to refuge within its walls. The
King's Daughters' Home and St. Joseph's
Hospital are the only institutions devoted
to this purpose in the City.
San Francisco has 8000 daughters of
royalty. Daughters of the King of Kings
they are, and they have taken his name
and wear a silver cross on which is in
scribed the legend which is the motto of
their lives, "In his name." Some of these
daughters are in the dewy dawn of life.
Sunie there are who have children of their
own who are also King's Dauehters. But
whether their brows are covered by brown
<>r silver hair their ruling purpose is the |
same — to relieve distress wherever found.
The organization is not an old one.
Probably two liecades would measure its I
life. It was borne in upon some helpful j
spirit that many smell bodies would make
a better working force than one laree, un
wieldy one and the practical unfolding of
that plan has been the formation of well
nigh innumerable circles of ten members
each, who are pledged to labor ior the
alleviation of human ills.
They choose such names as "Fidelity,"
'"Consolation" and "Hope," whose sound
is an inspiration, and work bravely, gui- |
etly, patiently for the accomplishment of I
their laudable purpose. They rise above \
all considerations of creed or sect and la
bor in the spirit of truest altruism.
Two of these King's Daughters were
talking one day less than four years ago of
the rule that banishes incurables from hos
pitals after three months' treatment and
of the pity of it. "Why can we not have
o home for incurables?'' asked one. "We
can," was the confident answer. It was
but a woman's resolution, growing out of
a great need. Yet it has borne speedy
fruit in an admirably managed institution
that provides home comforts and atmos
phere for sixty-tive men and women.
When the Crocker Home was removed
to its present location, in 1892, the old
building was donated to tne King's
Daughters' Home, which was then but a
name. The officers incorporated and
opened the home, in which 200 invalids
Jiave been cared for within three years.
Man}* of them were aged, and have since
passed on to the mystic bourne where,
vernaps, youth and its joys may have
been renewed.
There is that about the home which jus
tifies its name. The visitor forgets he is
in an "institution." There is to be found
there the intangible something that sug
gests family life. There is not ranch evi
dence of wearing pain. Usually the pa
tients' condition is that of serene waiting
for nature to issue her final decree in
their case. Yet there is nothing funereal
about the atmosphere. Cheerfulness is
the keynote of the genuine harmony of
life ai the home. There are no wards with
their dreary monotony of suffering.
Every inmate has his or her own
room, which is his or her castle.
The treasured accumulations of years
make these rooms a bright spot of
reminiscence, to most instances, and the
individuality of the occupant is permitted
free range in the adornment with per
sonal effects. There is a cozy reception
room and the dining-room has less of
dreariness than the average boarding
house refectory.
The unanimity with which the patients
assure the visitors of their happiness as
members of the big family is striking. "We
are in a home, not a prison," said a neat
happy-faced old lady, who, with her hus
band, occupies a room where color and
cheer and sunlight have an abiding place.
•'I never was happier in my life," de
clared k bed-ridden invalid, "with 'ashen
hair, gnarled by warping rheumatism, but
a face that reflected a peace that many a
Btorm-tossed soui would envy.
The personnel of the home is interesting
in the highest degree. C!ad in a handsome
dressing-gown and leaning back luxurious
ly in an easy chair was a handsome old
man, who seemed entirely harmonious
with his surroundings. He is the last leaf
on a fine old family tree, and here his
brother Masons have placed him until such
time as death shall detach him.
"I am 16,' averred a small but sturdy
old gentleman, who walks with the vigor
of youth and greeted lady visitors with
old-time gallantry.
He was an educator of the old school.
Forty-five years was his term of service in
training the young. At one time be was
president of a college in Tennessee. Before
permitting the visitor to leave with the
impression that this 16-year-old youth
may have seen three score summers, he
assures him that he has exceeded his three
score years and ten by twelve years, and
calls upon the matron to corroborate his
statement. There is a bright mademoiselle
who has lost her sight, but not her exuber
ant spirits ana a slight, quiet old lady who
likes to tell about her schoolmaster's part
ing speech: "Five years you have spent
with me and I have never had to find fault
with you."
The home is supported by life member
ship of the inmates, wno oy paying the
sum of $500 secure the guarantee of a
home for life and a respectable burial, and
by the monthly rates of $25. For two
years the State paid $8 per month for the
support of indigent inmates, but that help
was withdrawn when the Legislature be
gan its course of retrenchment.
The home 13 out of debt and has a snug
balance to its account in bank. It has
reached this desirable condition after
making many improvements in tne old
building, as well as furnishing it through
out. Therefore the King's Daughters'
Home does not come before the public in
the attitude of a pauper. It is amply able
to support itself, but it is ambitious to re
place its outcrown quarters by a hand
some home, and to that end desires to
enlist the generosity of San Franciscans
and of King's Daughters far and near.
The old building is overcrowded by its
sixty-five inmates. If every application
for entrance were granted the big family
would be more than doubled. Forty ap
plications have been refused within a few
months.
Assistance to this institution means aid
to one of the most worthy charities of the
City. The constitution of the order re
quires that one cnarity patient be admitted
for every ten who are* able to pay. The
ratio stands at present one for every six.
The new buildiue; with the lot contem
plated in the officers' plans will cost
$50,C00. The nucleus of this sum is yet
small. The appeal to public generosity
the ladies make in their presentation of
the play at the Coiumbia is one that do
serves hberal response.
The secretary is sending out also the fol
lowing circular in the hope that the sum
of contributions thus secured will be a
substantial addition to the building fund:
You are cordially invited to become an hon
orary member of the Kings Daughters' Hos
pital and Home.
This institution is a most worthy charity,
caring for poor, aged sick people.
Beinp non-sectarian, all are welcome. Fee,
discretionary with subscriber. We must have
a new Home and we ask you all to kindly
help us. Mrs. Richard Brown,
Recording Secretary.
217 Francisco street, San l'Tancisco, Cal.
The officers of the home are: Mrs. J. G.
Clark, president; Mrs. E. If. Cofer, vice
president; Mrs. Richard Brown, recording
secretary; Mrs. J. B. Lowe, financial secre
tary; iirs. Fred Diserens, treasurer.
CHINESE THEATER RACKET
Angry See Yups Bombard Quon
Ying Lock Players With
Bad Eggs.
A Small Panic Created at a First
Performance by Factional
Jealousy.
Although Chinatown still retains her
oriental garb and exhibits a plentiful
array of pigtails, she is nevertheless be
ginning to give evidence of some salient
features of the Western civilization.
At the Chinese Theater Saturday night,
during the initial performance of the
Quon Ying Lock company of players,
which has recently come from New Or
leans, there were a few moments when
oriental pandemonium reigned and anti
quated American eergs sailed through the
air in the direction of the stage.
The Quon Ying Lock troupe is made up
of players from the Sam Yup Company.
The theater was crowded to the doora and
by 8 o'clock there was hardly a square inch
of standing room left. The audience, it
seems, was largely sprinkled with the bel
ligerent See Yups and these are accused
of creating the disturbance which took
place shortly after the play began.
The tomtoms and kettle drums and
shrill sounding fiddles and flutes began
their usual overture. Two performers
dressed in scarlet and tinware walked in
before the audience. There was some
thing in their stride, however, tnat wcrked
painfully on an excitable group of See
Ynps seated near the stage. The latter
arose and without any explanation or
apolqey began hurling the eggs at the two
gaudily bedecked players with the same
abandon that has been observed in civil
ized audiences on similar occasions.
Policemen J. B. Hightower, O. B. Mer
rick anu J. Clifford were in the theater al
most as soon as the disturbance be^an and
succeeded in thoroughly quieting the
furor. There were no arrests made. Po
liceman Clifford stated that had there been
a panic in the theater the loss of life would
have been very great, as the regulation
limiting the audience to a number sulfi
cient to till the seats was entirely disre
garded and that every aisle waa packed.
The building has but one exit.
Last evening the See Yup men showed
an mclinatic * to resume hostilities. A
large crowd gathered in front of the
theater, blockading the sidewalk and ef
fectually preventing any one from entering
the theater. Word was sent to the Califor
nia-street station, and a posse captured
twenty-two of the disturbers. The prison
ers were charged with obstructing the
sidewalk. They were released on bail.
The cinnamon gardens of Ceylon are
said to have an area of 13,000 acres.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
WHAT SOCIETY IS DOING
A Fashionable Church Wedding
Announced for This
Evening.
MISS CATHERWOOD ENTERTAINS
The Jewett Tea— Second Concordia
Informal— Entertainments An«
nounced— Personals.
There is to be a fashionable wedding at
St. Luke's, the pretty little church on
Van Ness avenue, this evening, the con
tracting parties being Miss Isabelle Grant,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles W.
Grant, and Edward Pond, Bon of ex-Mayor
and Mra. Pond.
Dr. Brewer, an old and esteemed friend
of tne brides family, assisted by Rev. Mr.
Morelaud, pastor of St. Luke'a, will per
form the ceremony.
Miss Fanny Grant, sister of the bride,
will officiate as maid of honor. Albion
Whitney will be best man, and Philip
Thornton, Alfred Clement, Henry Wilson,
Charles Farquharson. Charles Grant and
Samuel F. Pond will be the ushers.
A reception for members of the bridal
party, relatives and a limited number of
intimate iriends will follow at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, 2017 Lyon
street.
To Miss Jennie Catherwood belongs the
honor of introducing on tnis coast that de-
Grant Edward Pond and Miss Isabel Grant, Who Wi n Be Married This Evening.
[From photographs.]
lightful function known as an English
high tea.
The second of a series of these Sunday
teas was given by Miss Catherwood yester
day at her elegant and commodious resi
dence on Gough street.
The English high tea differs materially
from the usual tea, inasmuch as the num
ber of guests is limited and there is no re
ceiving party. The tea is brewed by the
fair hand of the gracious hostess, and all
servants are dismissed. Music, a most
delightful accessory, was one of the fea
tures at Miss Catherwood's tea, and about
fifteen friends enjoyed that charming
young hostess' hospitality.
Mrs. J. H. Jewett will give a tea to-mor
row afternoon at her residence on Bush
street complimentary to Miss Cheesman,
whose engagement to Lieutenant Schoe
maker of the navy was recently an
nounced.
The first of a series of dinners to be
given by Mrs. Emanuel Heller at her resi
dence, 824 Post street, will take place on
Wednesday evening.
The second of the series of informal en
tertainments arranged by the Concordia
Club will take place on Thursday evening
at the club's handsome quarters on Van
Ness avenue. Much secrecy is maintained
regarding the nature of the entertainment,
and not a little curiosity is manifested by
the invited lady guests, whose invitations
bear the mysterious injunction, "Be pro*
vided with an ample supply of nickels."
Mr. and Mrs. L. Schwabacher are once
again occupying their handsome residence
on Clay street that has just been com
pletely renovated. Among the many im
provements is the addition of an elegant
ballroom.
Mrs. Will Tevis has recently been enter
taining at her home in Bakerstield Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Hicks and Miss Emily Hager.
Mrs. S. B. King and the Misses Laura
and May King of Portlauci are guests at
*he Berkshire. The ladies have many
'riends in this City who are exerting them
selves to the utmost to make their visit a
pleasant and enjoyable one.
Sanford Goldstein has returned from his
Eastern visit.
The young ladies of Sausalito gave an
evening dress leap-year ball last Wednes
day evening in the Pacific Yacht Club
house, tho first of its kind this season.
The clubhouse was artistically decorated
with bunting and Chinese lanterns, and
the paintings in the rooms were twined
with srnilax. The yachlß near the boat
house showed their colors. The event was
strictly invitational. About 150 couples
participated. The ladies who had charge
of the affair were: President, Mrs. Charles
Phelps; floor manager. Miss Fannie
Hujrh.es; floor committee — Misses Emily
Taylor, Isabelle Coughlan, Ida Wosser,
Kate Gorman, Jennie Baratv; reception
committee— Misses Effie Urquhart, Kate
Becker, Emma Meyer, Mamie Schnell,
Grace Miller, Mac Wade, Annie Ludolph;
committee of arrangements — Misses Edna
Hopkins, Aggie Wosser, Nora Whaley.
Late arrivals at Hotel del Coronado,
Coronado, include Charles Webb Howard,
and valet, Daniel Meyer, Rear Admiral
and Mrs. L. A. Beardslee, Lieutenant and
Mrs. George N. Stoney, children and
nurse; Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Reid and
daughter, M. H. R. Harris. John Taylor,
Miss J. F. Daniels, L. L. Hart, Jay W.
Adams, William Marcey, A. M. Weinrath,
George Kirknian, Dr. F. W. Todd of Stock
ton, Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Wilson of
Berkeley, and Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Chur
chill, Miss Churchill, Miss Thompson, Mr.
and Mrs. WiliiamD. Greene and child and
Mrs. Margaret Greene of Napa are also
registered.
Many were the dancers who graced the
ballroom floor at Union-square Hall last
rriday night in response to invitations
issued by the Verdi's Cotillon Club. The
grand march was under way at 9 o'clock,
and was under the leadership of Frank J.
Williams and Miss May Kelley. ft was
made up of pretty though intricate figures,
after which dancing was in order and con
tinued until midnight.
The special feature of the evening was
the dancing of the cotillon by the ladies
and gentlemen present, whose grace in
execution won encomiums from the spec
tators present.
The success of the affair is due to the
efforts of the following members: F. J.
Williams, R. Carlson, J. Griffen, J. A.
Mclsaacs, W. Taber, P. C. Beck, H. Han
sen, E. Lange, J. J. Small and Georue
Heinz.
A very successful leap-year surprise
party was tendered Mr. and Mrs. M. F.
Donleavy, at their residence, 1136 Howard
street, last Saturday evening, January 25.
\\ hile Mr. and Mrs. Donleavy wereattend
of the house, and after a little time spent
ing the theater the company took possession
in decorating they sent a message to sum
mon them home. There they found a jolly
crowd of old friends to greet them. Pretty
programmes, on which were arranged
twelve dances, were distributed as sou
venirs. With an excellent band dancing
was indulged in until a late hour, and a
bounteous repast was served.
The success of ttie party was mainly due
to Mrs. J. Crowley, Miss Louisa Baldridge,
Miss Kate Crowley, Miss Birdie Gorman
and Miss Ella Carmody, well known
among their many friends as very charm
ing entertainers.
The G. H. S. Alumnse Glee Club ha 3
sent ont cards for a hop, to be given at the
auditorium of the Girls' High School, cor
ner of Geary and Scott streets, on Tuesday
evening, February 11. Miss Blake, Miss
Boston. Miss Herrin, Miss Klopstoct and
Miss Prosek are on the reception commit
tee, and Miss Cornish, Miss Osmers, Miss
Af etrovich and Miss Slone will have charge
of the floor.
California Council No. 1, D. of L., has
issued invitations for its first anniversary
party on Friday evening, February 7, at
Union-square Hall.
The tentn annual entertainment and ball
of the San Francisco Printing Pressmen's
Union will be held at B'nai B'rith Hall, 121
Eddy street, Saturday evening, February 8.
A grand ball will 'be given in aid of the
Stockton-street Synagogue on Sunday
evening, February 16, at Union-square
Hall.
Pacific Parlor No. 10, N. 8. G. W. t has
issued invitations for its first invitation
party at the new hall of the Native Sons of
the Golden W T est, Mason street, between
Geary and Post, Friday evening, Febru
ary 14.
The Vaudeville Club will give a grand
entertainment and ball at California Hall
b_>o Bush street, on Monday evening
February 5. An excellent and varied pro
gramme will be presented, to be followed
by dancing.
Court Golden West No. 20, Foresters of
America, will celebrate its ninth anni
versary with a grand invitational affair
at Odd Fellows' Hall, Wednesday evening,
February 12. '
Golden Gate Council No. 34, Young
Men s Institute, will give its ninth an
niversary ball at Odd Fellows' Hali, Tues
day evening, February 18.
Company D, League of the Cross Cadets,
will give its annual entertainment and
dance at Union-square Hall, Thursday
evening, February 13.
The friends of the well-known pianist
and orchestra leader P. W. D'Arcy will
tender io nim a benefit social on this "Mon
day evening, the 3d, in Union-square Hall.
™ mng wili be ke P l U P lill *■ °' clock -
Mrs. Joseph 'Abrahamson and daughter
will be ai home the last Thursday of the
month at their residence, 1209 "Octavia
street.
The engagement of William John Fo
garty and Miss F. McLaughlm is an
nounced.
Krupp guns are certainly not desirable
neighbors, even in times of peace. The
inhabitants of Essen suffer much in nerves
and house property from the trials of the
heavy guns close by. Many houses and
walls show large fissures from the shocks,
and others are actually unsafe. At the
latest experiments all the doors and win
dows in one quarter of Essen flew open at
every discharge, while one house had
thirty panes of glass broken, each worth
3s. 6a.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
Letter From the Consulting En
gineer^of the Merchants'
Association.
JANUARY'S BUIITING RECORD.
Hahnemann College Building — A Local
Firm's Operations in Los
Angeles.
Although the real estate market is quiet,
the past week furnished a number of sales
at fair prices, and negotiations are under
way for a number of deals, some of which
are of considerable importance. The
period of financial distrust has passed, and
real estate has come again to be considered
a stable commodity. This is, in a measure,
owing to the fact that a large percentage
of the involved owners of realty have been
sold out, and the greatest obstacle to re
covery in times of depression thereby re
moved. It is just such people who swell
the list of tlie forced auction sales in dull
times. Mortgagors, who considered it a
great loss and misfortune to have property
forced upon them fifteen months ago. ex
press themselves differently now, since the
market has turned and values are once
more slowly on the ascent.
There is not a person of middle age in
any city in the Union who has not seen
long periods of depression in which real
estate could scarcely be given away, and
have also seen as many periods in "which
there did not seem to be naif enough real
estate to supply the rush of buyers, who,
in the latter instance, frequently paid the
most extravagantly inflated "prices for
property, allowing but a small- margin of
profit possible.
At such a time as this, when there is not
the least inflation, when property is valued
at what it is actually worth, an excellent
opportunity is offered for investment, and
people who have ready money on .hand
should get out of the regular rut of invest
ing on a rapidly advancing market, and
put their spare means into pronerty which
has not yet become high priced, but is cer
tain to be with the inevitable return of
good times.
STBEET IMPROVEMENT.
As street improvement is destined to
play an important part in the future of
real estate transactions in San Francisco,
the following comnuinication from Ernest
McCullough, consulting engineer for the
Merchants' Association, will be of interest:
The chief things to be desired In a pood
pavement are .leanliness and durability. Clean
liness above all else. Nothing does so" well as
asphalt or bituminous rock in this respect,
ns such pavements are perfectly sanitary.
Stone blocks are so noisy that brick is sup
planting them in many ciiies.
As a rule that material is used most exten
sively that is obtained mosteasily a.nd In quan
tity in the near vicinity. So in the central
States we find a frreat deal of brick used, for
large beds of clay are close at hand. In the
southern and northern central States, wood is
largely used, as timber is pltn.iful. ,In the
middle eastern States stone is largely used, as
quarries are close at hand. Cities which have
no timber, clay or stone near by, are largely
paved with asphalt. California cities are
paved extensively with bituminous rock Kx
pediency has so largely governed in past years,
it is difficult to change people's minds as
regards the comparative value of pavements.
It is becoming customary for cities to investi
gate the subject of paving materials, and the
consequence will be the survival of the fittest.
Asphalt and bituminous rock have a pre
pondernncy of good points in their favor, and
brick is a close follower.
Until all cities have testing laboratories in
charge of competent men pavements will not
be all they should. The Inspector, as he is
understood to-day, is a ward of the politician
and not a useful factor. Good testing of ma
terial and guarantee of all work done for a
term of years will secure good work. After
the work is accepted it must be maintained
and there is where San Francisco is weak. The
streets are not maintained properly.
A concrete base is necessary under all pave
ments. If Market street is paved I would
recommend that eight inches of concrete be
laiil as a base as far as Second street and six
inches the rest of the way out. Up to Battery
street granite blocks could be laid if the people
preferred them, although asphalt or bi
tuminous rock will stand all right. The rest of
the street could be paved with asphalt or bi
tuminouß rock. It is needless to say the work
should be well and caretully done and under a
five years' guarantee.
A real estate man in New York City figured
that if Eighth avenue were paved with asphalt
from Fifty-ninth street to One Hundred and
Tenth street the 224 building lots on the ave
nue would be built upon at an average ex
penditure per house on each lot of $15 000
This would make the total productive ex
penditure $3,360,000, which, assessed at
half its value and taxed af 2 per cent, would
yield the city a revenue of $30,000. The city
could borrow $130,000, the money necessary
to pave that part of Eirhth avenue with
asphalt, at 3 percent, so that by accomplish
ing this work it would be a gainer to the ex
tent of $20,000 per year. It is in order for
some real estate man to do some figuring of
the same kind on the Market-street propo
sition.
During 1894 the various pavements used in
Eastern cities were in about the following
proportion:
Cities.
■>
a
• 8
s
a
w
o
a
1
c
c
I HSUIIIKIUU
t. LOUis
hlcogo
uiVuio.. ■..;■..'.:.*.;
lew York ...■„..
hilndelpbia ........;....
38.01
11.4'
11.4
1.4
115.82
..'.... 12.50 2.40
0.11 2.51 64.38
0.81 30.25
72.28
6.8 124.4
0.08 17.35
ioston
By pavements is in all cases meant what is
termed as a rule permanent pavements. All
the above cities have other pavements, such as
macadam and cobble, which are always tem
porary and are replaced whenever funds are
available. The above ligures are for the period
ending about July, 1894. During the same
time the number of miles of permanently
paved streets in various cities is given as
follows:
Cities.
a
o
77
'1 1 ic.lto ... ..:....;:
Cleveland .. .......... :'. . ; .
i a n 10 . ..• ; vv;: . ; : v:. ttt. .~.
Milwaukee
tidiunapolis
emphis. .'..". r:. r.\ :".. .v.~
H. 00ui5...... ............
1
""'•3
'"2 ...
3
......
14
9
B
As to comparative quantities of the various
materials which are used in various cities in
the United States some information may be
gleaned from the reports of city engineers for
the last two years. For example St. Paul, from
the result of experience, places asphalt tirst
and brick second In favor, after experience
with both. Milwaukee favors brick, asphalt
and wood in the order named. Indianapolis
during 1894 laid 3.99 miles of asphalt, 4 miles
of brick and half a mile of wood. At the end
of 1894 Erie, i'a., had 17% miles of paved
streets, about halt of them paved with asphalt
and half paved with brick and stone. Louis
ville, Ky., in 1893 had about half a mile of
stone pavement and nearly five miles of brick
Syracuse, N. V., has about 44,000 square yards
of asphalt.
Newark, N. J., laid during 1805 about 48,000
square yards of stone and 3000 yards of as
phalt. Altoona, Pa., has over seven miles
of asphalt and not quite a mile of
stone, about half a mile of brick and
a little cobble pavement. Philadelphia has
over 873 miles of paved streets, 502 of which
are granite and asphalt, the asphalt predom
inating. A concerted plan was drawn up to
pave Certain streets with stone and alternate
streets with asphalt. The people on many
streets petitioned for asphalt. The Health Of
ficer of Philadelphia is said to have stated
that the death rate from consumption in
that city was 31.93 per 10,000 in 1880
and in 1894 it was only 22.04 per
10,000. He attributes this to" the increased
area of sanitary pavement laid during that
period, which gave cleaner streets. Bineham
ton, N. V., in 1894, had 58,000 yards of wood
84,000 yards of asphalt and 3500 yards of
brick. Kansas City. Mo., during 1894 laid 2V
miles of asphalt and 1%. miles of brick. At the
end of the year there was under contract 2 4
miles of asphalt. New York City at the end of
1894 had 300 miles of stone blocks, 03 miles of
asphalt and 22 miles of macadam. Omaha has
10 miles of brick, 21 of asphalt, 23 of stone
and 23 of wood. Denver during 1894 laid
t>5,000 yards of stone blocks andCSQO.oOO yards
ot asphalt. Philadelphia during 1894 put
down 10 miles of stone, 6 miles of asphalt ana
4 miles of brick.
Abroad it is said the following number of
miles of asphalt Is laid in certain cities: Lon
don 24, Paris •JKi, and Berlin 83. In all three
of these cities a great quantity of wooden pave
ment is laid. It is, however, not increasing in
favor on account of the high cost of mainte
nance. Stat* sties show that asphalt is less slit>
pery than granite or basalt blocks.
In the early part of 1894 inquiries were sent
out to 250 cities asking about tho projected
work iv street paving. The cities were all over
10.000 population. Replies were received from
seventy-live and it was found that they con
templated laying as a whole about 288,000
yards of asphalt and 524,000 yards of brick.
Most of the work contemplated has been done.
During 1896 it is stated that New York City
will expend about $1,000,000 for Rsphalt pave
ments and about $250,000 for stone. Asphalt
is favored for all streets where the people are
not wedded to th« idea of stone blocks, and iv
fact this is the principal reason why so many
streets are paved with stone blocks nowadays,
the people wanting them. They have nothing
but durability to commend them, and few peo
ple look further than durability. They are
noisy, dirty and costly. It costs one-third less
to clean asphalt than stone.
The majority of pavements in Eastern cities
are laid under guarantees of from five to ten
years.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
The following ebstract from the records
shows the largest real estate loans made
last week and the security accepted:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
for one year, at 6}.£ per cent, $2!). 000, on the
undivided half of the northwest corner of Mis
sion and Eighth streets, 275x175; dv Elizn J.
Wright, for one year, at 0 per cent, $10,000,
on the northwest corner of Fillmore and Grove
streets, 112:0x137:6; by the Eureka Benevo
lent Association, for two years, at 6>a per cent,
$tiOOO,on property on soutli line of tine street,
55 east of Oetayia, 55x120; by llibernia, Savings
and Loan Society for one year, at 6J.£ per cent,
$8000 on the northwest corner of Oak and l)e
--visadero streets, 131:3x82:0; by the same
bank, for one year, at OJi per cent, $48,000 on
property on the south line of Bush street,
137:0 east of Stockton street, 45:10x137:6; by
E. L. Wemple, for ninety days, at 14},£ per !
cent, $0000 on property in San ilateo
County and the southwest corner of I
Ninth and Howard streets, 206:4x100; i
by the German Savings and Loan Society, I
on installments at 7 per cent, $6000 on prop- '
erty on the east line of Van New avenue, 30 j
north of Hayes street; by the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society for oiie year at ii\C per cent, j
$4500 on property on the southeast line of
Mission street, 150 southwest of Eighth, 25x
80; by the German Savings and Loan Society
for one year at 7 per cent, $125,000 on the
property at the southwest corner of Castro ;
and Twenty-fourth streets, 228x80, and by the i
same bank for one year at &% per cent, $6000 !
on property on the south line ot Ellis street, '
137:6 east of Laguna, 27:6x120.
The largest releases from mortgages
granted the past week were by J. J. Raver,
$14,340, to JacoD and Lizzie Lutz, on prop
erty on the south line of Fulton street, 110 I
east of Polk, 27:6x120, and by the Hibernia I
Savings and Loan Society, $35,000, to
Joseph Ross on property on the southwest
line of Third street, 120 southeast of
Market 25x75, and property on the south
line of Ellis, 82:6 east of "Jones, 27:6x137.
Transfers were placed on record the past
week to the number of seventy-seven, in- |
eluding the following deed of property
from the Pacific Improvement Company
to the Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
of date of November 25 last:
Lot on south corner of Fourth and Channel
streets, southwest 282:1), southeast 120, north
east 145:3, northwest 80, northeast 137:6,
northwest 40; southwest line of Fourth. 80
southwest of Hooper, southeast 40 by south
west 137:6; southwest line of Fourth street,
| 80 sou di west of Irwin, southeast 80 byeou'th
ivest 137:0; south corner of Founh and Hul>
bell streets, southwest 137:6, southeast 120,
northeast to Kentucuy, north 62:5),'^', north
west 72:3; southeast corner of Mermnac and
Kentucky streets, youth 210 by east 100; north
west corner of Sixteenth (tenter) and Tennes
see streets, north 150 by west 100 ; lot bounded
by Sixth, Yuma or F.ureka streets, and Charter
line of 1850, being all of block 349%, lyiug
north of Cnarter line; southeast corner of Santa
Clara and Kentucky streets, east 200, south
150, we?-: 100, north 50, west 85:8,
south 4 deg. 45 join., west 10:!),
south 24 dee. 45 mm., west 24, north
137:5J4; northeast corner of Santa Clara ave
nue and Kentucky street, north 4 deg. 30 mm.,
west 278, south 68 deg. 15 mm., east 63:4,
north 85 deg. 30 mm., east 43:2^', north 4
deg. 30 mm., west 50, north 85 aeg. 30 mm.,
east 50, north 4 deg. 30 mm.. west 100, north
85 deg. 30 mm., east 50, south 4 deg. 30 mm.,
east 26:5, south 72 deg. 30 mm., west 65:5,
south 4b deg., west 40:10*^, north 85 deg. 30
mm., east 46 :2}£, south 4 deg. 30 miv., east
100, south 35 deg. 30 mm., west 150; all in
terest in lot on northeast corner of Tennessee
and Santa Clara aveneu, north 400 by east
100; Potrero Nuevo block 315, bounded by
Santa Clara, lowa, Mariposa and Pennsylvania
avenues; southeast corner of Mariposa street
and Pennsylvania avenue, south 250 by oast
200; all interest in Potrero Nuevo block 342,
bounded by Santa Clara, Indiana, Maraposa
and lowa.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMB.
Improvements in the suburbs are en
couraging.
The opening of the Sutro electric rond to
the Cliff House marks a new era for Rich
mond.
The work of bituminizing Van Ness ave
nue from Union street to Bay, seven con
secutive blocks, is progressing rapidly.
Several five-room cottages are going up
on Hoffman avenue in the Heyman tract.
A committee of real estate men have
been appointed to appraise the value of the
land to be condemned in opening Lyon
street from Pacific avenue to the bay.
C. C. Bemis, the real estate broker, has
just finished a thousand feet of bituminous
sidewalk on Twenty-seventh street be
tween Guerrero and Dolores, on Army be
tween Church and Dolores, on Church
between Army and Twenty-sixth and on
Church between Twenty-fifth and Jersey.
During 1895 Easton, Eldridge & Co.
built ninety-five houses in Los Angeles,
but five of which are left on their hands.
A few days ago they let contracts for ten
more houses, one of which is for the con
struction of a business block to cost
$18,000.
The homeopaths are goinor to erect build
ings for college and hospital purposes at
the southwest corner of Sacramento and
Maple streets.
Fifty-two building contracts were re
corded in January aggregating $561,906, as
against a record of fifty for the same period
a year ago amounting" to $250,377.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. will hold an
auction sale on February 13 of miscella
neous and probate properties. Some of the
most important pieces are:
The dwelling, 2422 Bryant street, and a lot
on Dore street, near Harrison, belonging to
the estate of Thomas O' Day; the two-story resi
dence of the Mary Morehio estate at 739" Pine
street; lots on Clay street, near Lauiel and
Maple; lot and house, 2110 Van Ness avenue
near Pacific; renting property, 1011,1013 and
1015 Golden Gate avenue; tfce residence 729
McAllister street; a cottage at 17 Clement
avenue; a dwelling at 934 Nineteenth street
and the store, with twenty-flve rooms above'
at 1335 Folsom street. C|
The following sales were made by A M
Speck & Co. during the past week •
Lot 27 :2x87 :G feet on the south line of Ellis
street, 83:5 feet west of Hyde street, aDd'i'm
provements at 593 Ellis street, consisting of a
four-story frame building, the deed being cxc
cuted by Caleb A. Burgess and Mary F Bur
fess to Mrs. Frances E. Crane. $16 000- lot or >i
7:0 feet on the east line of Hyde street ll~> <;
feet north of Geary, and two-story' frame
building at 612 Hyde street, $8500 • ThislaTt
mentioned property was sold by J. L Gibson to
M. E. Christal, a well-known London physi
cian and surgeon, who intends to convert thp
property into a residence and private sani
tarium. The doctor will immediately proceed
to make extensive alterations on the building.
A. Sbarboro makes the following report
of the San Francisco Mutual Loan Asso
ciation :
During the past three months $22,000 has
been paid for matured shares. This association
has obtained judgment for $6600 on the prop
erty on \an Ness avenue, near Jackson street,
mortgaged to the association by K. W. Goggin
The property will shortly be sold by the Sheriff
and is expected to bring double the amount of
the judgment.
The San Francisco and Oakland Mutual Loan
Association at its last meeting placed several
new loans. During the past month this associ
ation called on the shareholders holding lirat
ana second series stock who could make use of
their money to voluntarily surrender the same
in order to reduce the surplus of the money on
hand, and succeeded in taking in over $25,000
of stock in this way.
The Italian-Swiss Mutual Loan in the past
three months received $42,000 for interest and
installments from its members, made loans
amounting to $5000, paid $20,000 to its with
drawal members and has $10,000 on hand
which It is ready to loan on good security.
Fell Down a Ladder.
David Hartsough, the water-tender at the
electric power-honse at Eleventh and Channel
streets, slipped while descending a Eteep lad
der shortly before midnight Saturday, and
fell a distance of fifteen feet. His right leg
and ankle were broken. As he lay helpless his
neck and iace were burned by steam escaping
from a neighboring wastepipe.
FIVE POINTS TO FIVE
Drawn Game of Football Be
tween the Emmets and
San Franciscos.
FIEST MATCH OF THE SEASON.
Revival of the Invigorating Sport on
the Recreation Grounds in
Golden Gate Park.
The invieorating and scientific sport of
Gaelic football is not to be permitted to
fail into innocuous desuetude. At the
opening of the season three or four games
were played and then there was a sudden
cessation.
The inconvenience of playing on the
recreation grounds at Golden Gate Park
without proper goal posts or lines and the
annoyance caused by the spectators per
sistently crowding among the players,
were the principal reasons for stopping
the games. In future all these drawbacks
will be avoided, and the sport will soon be
as popular as ever.
Yesterday afternoon a game was played
on the recreation grounds between the
old-time rivals,, the Emmets and San
Francisco*. It was not so distinguished
for briiliant play as many previous games,
but that was accounted for by the lack of
practice. A. fair-sized crowd was present
and seemed to thoroughly enjoy the sport.
At 3 o'clock the teams lined up as fol«
lows :
Knimets. Position. San Franciscos.
I-ij-nch Ooal A hern
Kyr.n.. Fullback Welsh
Kelly ...Fullback Hannigua
( >'l)6wd ....... .... ... Fullback Mellotta
Mescoll H alf back Desmond
Ward... .....Halfback McCarthy
Palmer (captain) Center. ..Mclnerny (captain)
Leonard Outer Daly
I>aly Center Welsh
Ca5ey.......*. • Center Dunne
Kyan.. Kichl wing ..Dunne
5ugrne.... ...... Bight wing Hughes
Creede.... L.*ll win* Farrell
0'1.0wd.... Left wi nit White
SuKrue Full forward Lynch
Beferee— W. Hennessy.
The play lasted for an hour and a half.
The referee forgot all about halftime. and
at the close both teams were almost ex
hausted. The San Franciscos assumed
the offensive almost from the start and
kept the spnere dodging in the vicinity of
the Emmets' goal. Five times within as
many minutes Steve Welsh and Tom Daly
kicked for goal, but Lynch was on the
alert and stopped the ball in time. The
sixth try by Welsh was more successful,
and the first goal was scored.
The Kmmets, encouraged by Palmer,
started in to even up matters, and some
pretty play was the result. The San
Franciscos played a stubborn defense, and
it was not till near the close that Creede
passed to Palmer, who shot the sphere
through goal. The game closed with the
score <o 5.
Palmer, Creede, O'Do^d and Sugrue
did splendid work for the Emmets and
Mclnerny, Welsh, Daly and Hannigan
distinguished themselves for the San tfran
ciscos.
DURRANT HOPEFUL.
He Still Keeps Up His Spirits and Looks
Happy.
Theodore Durrant is still healthy and
hopeful. He spent considerable of his
time yesterday afternoon conversing with,
members of the Salvation Array and others
who visit the jail to minister to the spirit
ual needs of the inmates. He seemed to
be in the best of spirits and laughed and
chatted as though his doom were a mattir
of years instead of days.
Durrant still feels aggrieved at the treat
ment he is receiving at the hands of the
newspapers.
He says he is in good health now, and
has in no wise given up hope. He is busy
writing most of the time. He refuses to
talk about the nature of his work.
NEW TO-DAT.
BSFA/^e o
liffoi SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIO
O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
LOM or partial loss of sexual power In either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
illness, falling memory and all the distress-
ing ills resultine from netvons debility positively
anl permanently cured. Gonorrhtsa, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles if livin? away from the
city and advice will be ijiven you free of charge.
Address F. L. KANY. >LD.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
. San Francisco, CaL
IBTHEVERY BEST O>*E TO EXAMINE YOUB
1 JL •yes and fit them to Spectacles or Eyeglwsoi
■ with instruments of his own - invention, whoi»
•nperiorlty has not been equaled. Mjr cqocom a*i
txMn due to the merits of my worlc
Office Hours— l 2 to Ap. 11.
RIGGS house,
T^TasliinSton, 3D. O.
The Hotel "Far .Excellence"
Of the Ratios*! Capital. First class in all »ppota#.
1 xnenta. O, WlTT. 'frea*
American plan, $3 per day aad
upward. /-,'_■■
OPPRESSION, nnnrn nu
SUFFOCATION, CURED BY
NEURALGIA, Etc., uulll " ut
i ESPIC'S CIGAKKTTJSS, OR POWDEB,
Patls, J, ESPIC: New York, E. FOUGERA
.. -.- ':■-; •-, <fc CO. Sold by aU Drugglsta. „ •
" PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion. and absorption of the food, cauae
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bowela
natural in their operui on without gripingG. F. SMITH & CO.
ARE IN TROUBLE
Short in Their Accounts and
an Explanation De
manded.
AGENTS OF MANY SHIPS
Captain Bluhm of the W. H. Tal
bot Precipitated the
Investigation.
WHERE HAS THE MONEY GONE ?
The Owners of the Various Vessels
Are Trying to Find Out, but
Have Failed.
The well-known shipping and commis
sion firm of George F. Smith & Co. is in
serious financial difficulties. The trouble
is the talk of the water front, and all kinds
of wild rumors are afloat. Some nay that
the concern is $30,000 short, and others as
sert that arrests will follow the final ex
perting of the books. One thing is cer
tain — there are a number of angry ship
captains and owners, who held a daily ses
sion at 207 East street, whose temper does
not improve with each report.
The firm of George t\ Smith & Co. is
composed of George F. Smith, the Santa
Barbara capitalist; Captain A. H. Paul,
formerly of the bark, Colusa, and William
Schmidt, son-in-law of Senator George C.
Perkins.
Smith is wealthy, but all his property
has been in his wife's name for years.
When the trouble first came to light he
was telegraphed for, and last Saturday he
and the creditors of the firm had a con
ference, but no definite arrangement was
reached. Another meeting will be held
to-day, and the outcome of it will be a set
tlement or some extreme proceedings.
Young Schmidt has been married to
Miss Perkins about eighteen months and
his wife and baby are now living at 1314
Jackson street. The husband and father
is said to be on a visit to his grandmother,
who lives somewhere in the vicinity of
New York, but whether he is in the
metropolis or not his partners cannot tell.
Captain A. H. Paul is well known in
San Francisco and he says he can explain
where every cent of the shortage has
gone. It has been paid out on the various
ships managed by the firm, according to
him, but the irate owners ask persistently
for the vouchers. The books have been
kept in a very loose manner and the
vouchers are not forthcoming and that is
the cause of the day to day meetings.
George F. Smith & Co. were "the man
aging owners" for the barkentine George
C. Perkins, the barkentine Mary Winkle-
man, the bark Sonoma, the bark Colusa,
the four-masted schooner W. H. Talbot,
the barkentine S. G. Wilder and the bark
-6?)tln« Irrugard. They »vere aJso formerly
"managing" owners of the four-masted
scnooner Aloha and the bark Albert, but
some trouble arose over the management
and it was transferred by the other owners
to Williams, Diamond & Co.
Since this investigation began other
changes have taken place, and Captain
W. H. Bluhm is now "managing owner"
of the W. H. Talbot and Charles Athern,
of the Comsa, S. G. Wilder and Irmgard.
Just wiio will take charge of the others
remains to be seen, but Captain Paul is
certain thai everything will come out all
right and that his firm will assume con
trol again in a few days.
The storm came from a clear sky.^The
big schooner W. H. Talbot arrived from
Hongkong after the smartest round trip
on record, and Captain Bluhm's first in
quiry was for the £1985 freight money he
had sent by draft to George F. Smith <fc
Co. from Hongkong. Captain Paul ex
plained that the money had all been paid
out, but there was nothing to show where
an expenditure of $10,000 on the schooner
was justifiable. The schooner left San
Francisco free from debt. On her arrival
at Tacoma she took on board a load of
lumber for Shanghai, China. Debts were
contracted there, and drafts were drawn
on the managing owner in payment.
On arriving at Shanghai, Captain Bluhm
discharged her cargo and collected the
freight. Then he took aboard a load of
rice for Amoy, and from the latter point
he loaded beans for Hongkong.
On his arrival at Hongkong, Captain
Bluhm found he had $9780 in actual cash
on hand, and that gum he turned into a
draft in favor of George F. Smith & Co.,
the "managing owners," and sent it to
San Francisco. Then he took on a cargo
of general merchandise and made the very
fast run to this port of 44 days and 12
hours, having completed the round trip,
as above described, in the remarkable
time of 6 months and 15 days. Of course
the captain was delighted with the trip,
and as he owns an eighth interest in the
vessel he naturally looked for a dividend
as well as his salary as master. When he
learned that the $10,000 had been dis
bursed, and that the ship was in debt, he
was thunderstruck and demanded an ex
planation. The next flay the investiga
tion began and it has been going on ever
since, with the result that the debts
against the various ships grow bigger each
day.
'•I don't care so much about the money,"
said Captain W. H. Bluhm yesterday, "if
I only knew where it had gone to. If you
drop a gold piece overboard you are satis
fied it will never come up again, but here
is $10,000 of good money, earned by hard
labor, and nobody knows how it was spent.
I sent £1985 from Hongkong on account of
the vessel, and that sum alone would have
left a good surplus with which to pay a
dividend, but when I got here the money
had all been paid out. Just how the affair
stands I don't know. Some say the firm is
0 short and others place the figure at
$JO,UOO. All 1 know is that forty out of
every fifty business men oji the water-front
ar out and injured by the practical fail
ure of tiiis firm. They have gotGeoige
F. Smith here from Santa Barbara, but I
doubt very much whether he will do any
thing. He has not been actively con
nected with the concern for a long time
and as he has very little property in his
own name he cannot be touched.
"A few months asro Paul's daughter got
married aud he deeded to her some real
estate he owned in this City. Schmidt's
estate (the father) is in the Probate Court,
and when the creditors of G.orge F. Smith
& Co. sought to attach a piece of the
property on Brannuu street tliey attached
the wrong lot and afterward found out
that the young man had no title, but
might have one when the case was settled.
"Such a mix-up I have never seen, but
if an understanding can be reached with
George F. Smith then everything will be
plain sailing, but if not then some other
steps will have to be taken."
Lawrence Sutton, the bookkeeper for
George F. Smith & Co., has nothing to say
in regard to the trouble. He asserts that
his Dooks are all right and that nothing in
the shape of investigation can hurt him.
Still those wno are conducting tne in
quiry say he can tell more than he admits
and they want power to compel him. Just
where the screw will be put on remains to
be seen.
Young Schmidt, who is now absent from
the City, was a gay liver, it is said. In
spite of the fact that he was a married
man, they further say, he contracted a
great friendship with Miss Bessie Bonehill
of the "1492" company. While the company
was here Miss Bonehill and her husband,
Lawrence Seely, and Walter Watson, the
sparring instructor of the Olympic Club,
were his guests ni«ht after night in the
Louvre. People on the water front assert
that Schmidt has followed Mrs. Seely to
the East, but his friends deny the rumor
in an emphatic manner, and say he has
really gone East to visit his grandmother,
who is slowly dying.
"It is lucky I didn't crack that bottle of
wine, or else I would have been out an
other $5," is the remark made by Gus Ger
dan when he was told of the failure of
George W. Smith & Co. A few days pre
viously he had cashed an $80 check
for the firm, and the next morn
ing got a telephone message asking him
not to present it as Smith & Co. were a
little short with the bank. Gerdan held
the check for four days and then got a
message from Smith saying "1 will be
down in the morning and take up that
check; in the meantime crack a bottle of
wine at my exoense." The bottle of wine
was not cracked and Gerdan is still out
the $80.
In talking about the matter. Captain
Lee, late of the bark Sonoma, said.: "You
can quote me as saying that there has
been crooked work going on in that firm
for years. When I sailed on a voyage
some years ago I left an amount due the
vessel in the hands of Captain Paul for
collection. Seven or eight months later
when I got back to San Francisco I found
that the money had not been credited to
the Sonoma and Captain Paiil said he had
never collected it. I went to the mer
chant who owed the freight and he showed
me the receipt of George F. Smith & Co.
for it. Then and not till then was the
bark credited with the money.
"Some months later there was a new
hawser that we did not want and I sent it
ashore. It was stored over Wright, Bowne
& Co.'s store, and during the fire that
gutted the place was supposed to be burnt
up. On my return I made some inquiries
and found that Paul had removed the
hawser months before the fire and had
placed it aboard one of the other vessels
he was managing. That was my experi
ence with them and I guess other ship
masters are in the same box."
Just what will be done in the premises
remains to be seen. If the shortage is
made good probably nothing more will be
heard of the matter. Smith, however,
does not feel like shouldering the whole
responsibility. Paul has no money and
Schmidt is "in the East." At the meeting
to be held this afternoon it is thought that
some understanding can be reached.
THE NEW WOMAN PRAISED
Dr. Carlos Martyn Looks Upon
Her as a Creature to Be
Admired.
The Speaker Says She Is Aglow With
New Thoughts and Expectant
With New Hopes.
Dr. Carlos Martyn delivered an address
on the "new woman," at Central Metho
dist Church yesterday. The lecture was
given under the auspices of the W. C.
T. TJ., and was listened to by a large and
attentive audience. Dr. Martyn, among
other things, said:
By the new woman, I understand, not a
slangy edition ot young America who has
stolen her brother's clothes and who apes his
vices, but a woman athrob with new feelings
and aglow with new thoughts, expectant with
new hopes, sober with new responsibilities,
broadened with new expectations and healthy
with the new activities of this last decade of
the nineteenth century. This is the real new
woman— the old in a new and enlarged en
vironment.
For my part I hail even the bloomer. There
is common sense in it, and is something never
before found In woman's dress. The Chinese
women in the streets of San Francisco are more
sensibly dressed for outdoor locomotion than
thousands of women who are gowned as fashion
decrees.
In former times women were regarded as
live bric-a-brac. They were shut in and their
world bounded by the four walls of a house.
They were taught that It was ladylike to be a
stationary article for men to write love letters
on. Then the classic draperies and clinging
skirts were appropriate— the dress suited the
life.
Old-fashioned people looked with terror
upon this appearance of the new woman. Let
us possess our houlj with patience; it will be
found that the new woman is only the old one
with larger ideas. The home will survive,
sweethearwhip will survive, marriage will sur
vive, mothernood will survive. These are in
her nature. No outward changes can reverse
the feminine function or the feminine dispo
sition.
Ueep thinkers have foreseen the new woman
—ours is the ape of a larger life. It were ab
surd to imagine that woman alone would re
main unaffected by the universal trend.
Luther thought the devil was not entitled to
all the good times, and woman has conclnded
that man is not entitled to all the good times.
Hence she has helped herself to many things
which convention has hitherto deprived her of.
It is the infraction of convention that 6tartles
timid folks— nothing else. We shall presently
adjust ourselves to the new order ana wonder
how bygone times ever tolerated anything else.
Dr. Martyn then said that three facts
with regard to woman are patent, name
ly: Their equality, the fact that many
duties are in the neuter gender and the
truth that, a3 life becomes complex,
woman is increasingly unprovided for in
marriage.
In Massachusetts there are 70,000
women in excess. There are not hus
hands enough to go round ; hence woman
must earn a living. They can't all be
housewives; they can't all teach school;
they can't all be needlewomen. Hood's
"Song of the Shirt" wails through too
many poverty-stricken lips.
"This is why," he said, "that thought
ful men and women insist that those duties
and activities which are of neuter gender
and which have been arbitrarily given to
man shall be thrown open to women."
The speaker insisted that woman is en
titled to vote if the American doctrine of
no taxation without representation is
orthodox. He insisted that woman was
excluded from the franchise at the behest
of inherited prejudice.
Dr. Martyn answered elaborately the
scriptural objection, and maintained that
St. Paul himself was a good woman suf
fragist.
Fire on Bush Street.
There was a lively blaze in Charles Lan
non's stable at 2(511 Bush street shortly be
fore midnight last night, and an alarm was
sounded from box 217. The horses were re
moved in safety. The rear end of the struc
ture and the roof were damaged to the extent
of about $1000. How the fire started is un
known.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
GOLD HID IN A WOODPILE
Extraordinary Discovery of Com
bined Wealth and Des
titution.
A FEMALE MISEE'S CUNNING,
Mrs. McNally's Shanty on York Street
Where She Kept Her Grand.
child in Squalor.
A strange case of destitution wa3 in
vestigated on Saturday by the Society* for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. A
family which appeared to be in the direst
need was ultimately found to comprise
land-owners aud to have nearly five thou
sand dollars in gold hidden in the wood
pile.
Deputy Health Inspector Kinne re
ported to Secretary Charles Holbrook
that Mrs. McJ\ally of 1218 York street,
near Twenty-fifth, was living with two
children in a state of filth which was a
menace to public health. The inspector
further stated that the woman had two
starved horses in a shed adjoining.
Assistant Secretary M. McCurray, repre
senting the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals, and Officers
MRS. McNALLY'S SHANTY.
F. Holbrook and McMurray of the
Children's Society visited the" place the
same afternoon. They found an indescrib
able state of filth and destitution.
In the tumble-down shanty was an old
woman dressed in rags. With her was
a little child about two years of age,
with her head wrapped uoinadirty sliawJ,
old bits of flannel tied to her feet by pieces
of string, and everything she wore foully
dirty. The shanty contained a couple of
broken chairs fastened together with wire,
a number of battered milk-cans and a
quantity of broken, mildewed harness. A
wooden shelf holding a few rags was the
only apoiogy for a bed in the rooms, and
the broken stove failed the place with a
dense black smoke.
The roof was broken in a dozen places
and bore evidences of having admitted a
large amount of the recent rains into the
wretched rooms. In a shed adjoining two
bony horses were standing knee deep in
mud. The younger of the two had evi
dently had food that day, but the old
horse was in a starving condition, and had
eaten away a large portion of its manger,
as well as part of the post to which it was
attached. Standing in the yard was
an old cart, which Mrs. McNally
said she used to peddle vegetables and
fruit in the country. That must have been
before the cart's days of usefulness de
parted, however. Yesterday it looked li'.e
a battered ship cast up on the beach.
The officers of the two societies politely
suggested that they had come to relieve
Mrs. McNally's necessities. The old
woman answered indignantly that she
wanted no charity, but, on the contrary,
was well-to-do. In reply to questions she
said she was a native ot Oregon, that her
husband had been killed a couole of years
ago while driving through the streets of
San Jose, and that she came ctown in No
vember from her ranch in San Benito
county, leaving her son to manage her
property there. The child, she said,
was her niece, the daughter of her brother
in-law, Barney McNally, who lived in Ore
gon, and had given the child to her to take
care of.
The neighbors, when questioned, scout
ed t:;e idea of tue child beinir taken care
of; they said the little one was neclected.
They also said that Mrs. McNally was the
owner of the property on which she was
found, as well as of lots on Howard street.
Her daughter, whose ape she refused to
divulge, lived with her, the old woman
stated, but was a wild girl and frequently
stayed out all night.
The officers believed that there was
every reason for arresting Mrs. McNally
on the grounds of cruelty to children and
to animals. Early the same evening they
went to the shanty on York street with a
warrant for her arrest.
Just as they were leading her to the pa
trol wasron she begged M. McCurrav and
F. McMurray to allow her to see the
horses before leaving. The woman went
straight to the woodpile, and after groping
there" a while and hiding something in the
waist of her dress, announced her readi
ness to go to the wagon.
On reaching the Seventeenth-street sta
tion she was found to have the sum of
$4742 50 tied up in a floursack and then cov
ered with a gunnygack hidden in the waist
of her dress. Most of the money was in
$20 gold pieces and was blue and mildewed
with damp and age. Evidently this money
was what Hannah McNally had dug out
of the woodpile when shewent there ac
companied by the officers.
The woman remained at the station,
booked on the charges of cruelty to chil
dren and animals. The little girl was sent
to the Youths' Directory.
Mrs. McNally gave her age as 40 years,
but she looks much older.
The weazened little widow, who seemed
aeed by care and privation rather than
years, gave up her gold to the care of the
officers with much reluctance. From the
wicket of her eel' she watched them count
it and when they missed one tiny gold
piece she told them where they would find
it in the old gunnysack. She did not
close her eyes through the night hours.
Her face never left the wicket for a mo
ment, and the officer who dozed by the
lire said her fierce, uncanny gaze gave him
the nightmare three times.
Early yesterday morning she was taken
to the Central Police station, and after
three hours in the bastile her resolution to
remain in jail rather than pay the bail
wavered. She at last paid the $50 required
for the charge of cruelty to children and
$20 for cruelty to animals and wended her
way from jail, poorer by $70. Before leav
ing she engagea Walter Gallagher to de
fend her.
She walked from the City Hall to her
miserable home on York street, carrying
her gunnysack with its precious load. To
the few who accosted her she hastened to
say: "I have some meat in that bag."
Her cup of trouble overflowed when she
was informed that the officers had taken
her horses. "They'll steal that colt," she
declared. She refused to be comforted.
"The officers! What officers? How will
I ever get my horses? And if Ido they
will charge me extra," she wailed.
The woman's stories about the child
differed, but she admitted at the police
station that her daughter Julia was
Annie's mother. "Is your daughter mar
ried?" asked some one. "No, more's mar
ried than's happy," was her answer. '"I
not kind to my little .Annie?" she said in
her nervous voice. "Why, Annie's my
pet. She cried in the evening sometimes
as children will, but I was never cross to
her, never."
Her story is that she sold a ranch at the
Willows a few years ago and received $3000
for it. The sum has been augmented since
by the sale of fruit and by the accrued in
terest on the first amount.
She was released at 10 a. m., but returned
to the station at noon toast if any one had
inquired for her, and when she heard that
her daughter had been there and learned
about the money she was frantic with fear
and anger.
•'lf she comes back tell her there is no
money, that it was all a humbug," she
demanded. "Oh, why did you tell her?"
She told a Call reporter she had but a
little money. '"Only $10," she said, eye
ing the gunny sack nervously the while."
She showed some malevolence toward
the complaining witnesses. "It's all along
of bad neighbors," she said.
Mrs. McNally says she wants to buy a
small ranch of her own. Her son and
daughter have both filed on land near
Fresno, but she is not content to live with
either. When asked whether she was
afraid her children would steal her money
she shook her head aud answered "They
might."
It was evident that she was humiliated
by her night in a cell, for she assured her
neighbors that she had "Only been in a
private place," nor would she acknowl
edge that Annie was beyond her control.
"She is with some of my friends," she
averred.
A Hint F rom the Landlord.
A Vermont paper revives some stories of
"Uncle" Peter Bates, a local celebrity,
who kept a hotel in Randolph, Vt., in the
old staging days. He was noted for his
dry humor, and was never at a loss for a
retort or for a method for expressing his
ideas. One morning, after breakfast, as a
stranger was about to depart without pay
ing his bill, Uncle Peter walked up to him
and blandly said, "Mister, if you should
lose your Docketbook between here and
Montpelier remember you didn't take it
out here."
Gray hairs at an early age are heredi
tary in certain families. It is a result as a
rule of men with dark hair marrying
women with dark hair through several
generations. After a time the hair indi
cates debility of stamina by falling off or
becoming prematurely gray.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the California Jockey Club, Bay District Track.
Id races where the horges have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
c'starre are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST BACK— Five furlongs; selling; non-winners since October 1, 1895.
Index.
! Best
; record.
Lbs|Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
06 F... Odel! stable Peregrin i-Lady Foster
107 F... 1 California stable. .. 'Regent-Sadie
110 F...:K. M. Taylor Duke Norfolk-May D
'7 11.. PieHSHiiton stable.. iFlood-Gouia
101 F... : Antrim stable...... (Apache-Emma Lonstieid
93 ■!•'... IT. Lynch Him.var-Majjgie R
... !.... IJ. M. Buckley Ip. Mr. Pickwick-Henlop
87 F... VS. 9. Ha 11...... jimp. Mariner-Moonlight
£8;F... o. F. Johnson 'Jim Gore-War Banner
— .... Pj M. Maley ; Uuck Walton-Alice
11 01F... I Oakland stable John A-Alnmcdu
87 F... Williams & Mrdise, Koliau by Parsy Duffy
:Rey Alfonso itable., linp Thevlot-Varona
!W. Chamberlain.... WildiiHe-Turban
I Terrace stable Ira . Strachlno-Frazola
1 |E. Kaufman |Cyclone-Nyanza
Owner.
603 i
603 :
625
633 i
688 i
585 I
625
568
622 i
585 I
393
612
6,30
i Banjo
Hralizatlon
Conde
i'lalbot Clifton..
iCranford..?.
IHyman
Pecksniff
Mc>'arlane
Hod Will
lHat Fisher
Oakland
Addle 31
Valparaiso
Turba
Brown Dick
jßapido
1103 1:073.4 SV«» f
106 l:07y 5Va f
109 1:021/4 SI
103 :lHy 2 51/, f
! 103 1:08 SV" f
106 1:08 J5Va *
1W .:..;.:. ..T:....
I 99 1:131/3 if '""
103 1:01 6 f
106 ........ i ....'
100J2: 09 Vi IVim
97 1:01% Bf-,.
103 ........ i .......'.
97 no rec :. .;■..;;
108
1 99 I ........
626 j
SECOND RACE— Seven
Index.
Name.
I Best
' record .
Lbs Tk.!
106H..J
108iF...1
98;n..i
921H..1
99 H..
97 H..
Owner.
Pert i cree.
»
(628) I Decision
609 lEasel
(448):Th«'resi8
610 j Summertime...
(611) iClara Joiinocn. .
(831) New Moon
483 iLorena II
1:383,4
:50
1:303,4
1:14^
1:071/!
1:17 V
no rec.
7f
i *rif
Sf
6f
|M. T. Donovan limp. Wagner- Fleta
! Wood lawn stable... j Ben Ali-Kzza
18. sclirelber 'r»nk Montrose-LaFan
Lffl Priniero stable.. ,Fitzjaini's-Sprin^!ike
M. Johnson I El Rro Rey- Valerie
VV. I). Handull jUyder All-Naniouia
Al Morine ..: |Apache-Rlel
:oi
THIRD KAC:
handicap.
Index. !
Name.
j Beat I
! Lbs record.! Dlst. Lbs Tk.
8« 1 : 2914; Tt 107 v 7.
971 :46 ilm7ov H).' H..
"4 1:4814 1 i-itm 1181F...
117 1:57 114 m i 110! H..
,106 1:46/4 1 m |104|H..
j Bent
Lbs: record.
Owner. Pedigree.
Elmwcod stk farm. I-N'athun Coombs-Bessie
T. Lundy . linp.ciii-vio: Pha>beAnder
Syoiiinore stable.... St. Saviour-Mistuko
A. Miields iVoltiKure-Pert
G. B. Morris & Co.. jimp. Sir MoUred-Preciosa
Owner.
Pedigree.
554- sir Walter......
681 Tnornhiil
606 Gheail......
(632) Loaan ........
632 Moderocio ..;;:: |
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; inside track.
! Index. ,;.:K»me.:;
(619) All 0ver........
. 600 Orbit. .....
632. [Perseus ...... r.
653 Ferris Hartnaan
472 MwlXtsure :...;.'. J
622 Tar and Tartar
606 Whitestone
628 Zaragoza. :.'...'..
622 Allahabad
(608) Monitor...
(609) Jack Atkins....
Kame.
1
1:3034
! i':oB%
1:081/4
t >:43V 2
i;1:41<4
i i i":S2VS»
1:47 ;
1:05 i/a
! Best
7.f;
I
sya'f"
LbsiTk.
11l H..
116 p".'.
98! F..
99 !H..
99F..
"98 H.'.
1021 H..
9b ; It..
P. Dunne Uanovor-Decs'it
J. Brenock Oiieka- flotilla
(Cambridge stable... Imp. King Gallop-Xanka
jB. Scnreibcr Imp. Woodlands. Honora
I A. H. Small jColoma-Laurn D
N. S. Hall jHiudoo-Brambaletta
White Sl Clark | ilaodoff-Becky Sharp
'Hey Alfonso stablo. jlmp.Cheviot-Bessie Hook
W. D. Kandall iHyder Ali-i-lorlde
i California stable ilmp. Sir Modred-Visaila
1 J. P. Atkin ; llegent-Mlsadie
Owner.
ci
1 m
li
lffl
'i
7"t">'"
mi
FIFTH RACE— About six furlongs; selling.
Index.
693 i Herman! t0..... .
607 Don Gara
I 619 Highland.......
. 252 j Miss Terry
•■668 McFarlaue ..;..;
623 Ked Bird ...„.■..
.. 61 Joe Hi 11.........
(587) Catch 'Em r...;
(605) Midi 0,..•.:;,•.....
624 | Sea 5pray.......
I 583 Road Kunner.. 5 :
672 I Monterey .......
I Best .' . - ■-.
Lbs ; record. Dlst.
99 1:381,4 7f '■>
95 1 :07V 3 6Vaf - ;
99 1:16% 6 f
104 1:08 51/j, f
98 l:l«Va'6f
88 1:07 V,: 51^ f ,.-;
101 1:01 * /4 is? ;
104 1:011. 61
■ 86 1:1154 *6f
: 95 1 :14 6 f
104 l:41»/ 1 m
101 1:133/4 *6f -:
Dlst.
116 H..j
104 F..\
106 H..|
126 F..
87!F..
80F..
106'F..
107 H.. 1
88! r'..
IOOiK..
104 P..
103jF..i
i;
Tk.
. J. G. Follansbee Fresno-sister to Jim Douglas
W. Karp Rat hone- iMiss Melbourne
|B. Bcbreiber Col. Hepburn-Ed ua
Terrace stable j Powhuttan-Zunia
W. a. Hall limp. Mariner-Moonlight
E. V. Saclis ;I<ed Iron-Kannle Johnson
j J. Hill Kinßston-Lady <» olden
I Mokelumne st k frm jimp. MUlo.hian-Little Flush
hums A Wa!erU'se|lni.Mullothiau-ElectricLKb.t
I. Siebenthaler Inip. Muriner-Maranett.e
(Antrim stable Joe Dan ie's-Mlss Hooker
Elkiori s;abh'. Hidaigo-Glen Ellen
Ratl
Pedigree.
SIXTH KA
furlongs: selling;
1, 1895.
588
602
605
602
" "602"
620
697
340
" 26H
602
: 620
X 622
605
615
• 525
633
614*
Index.
| Kathleen i
jLrlia 8 I
jßaphael |
[Chinook !
jTodhunter !
j Currency i
; Green River...
KallleCalvert..:
Price1ie..........
Prince.;:.:.::.".:
iii ii. Dickensou.
i Landlord ,
i Comrade . ;T. ' Vi: ;
i My ron. ■.:;": *.'...-■
i Bordeaux. ....'..
.Nellie G..:......
Syndicate '
Clare N •VtVT.T.v \
Name
I j Best" i :■:: ■
i Lbs j record. • Dlst. .
101 l:o2y a s~f ■.:■ :
i 101 1 no rec. ; ........
103 1:07 5 t
106 ..:..... ......:.
103 no- rec. i :.:.:;:
103 .:...... I ........
-.99 no rec. :..;;..:
87 ......'.; ! ;.......
103 ....;.:. ........
108 1:16 I6f ,
106 ........ ; .;.:..'„
106 no rec; ......
103 1:12 V" *6*
■99 1:08 Va »V'a
101 1:13% *(jf".V
103 no rec. ........
104 1 ;.-.'.. r- | ........
LbsjTk. Owner. Pedigree.
jlOe F. 'J. J. Case , Little Alp-unkuov.n
H. W. Enos. ' Iron wood- Jennie M aek
98 H.. K. Powp. Duke ot Norfolk-Futurity
William Dlxon Imp. Blackbird 11-Charity
11. K. Brown i Jumbo-load v
P. Hildreth : Imp. Ureenback-Acquito
J. B. Chasa limp. Greenback- Levereit
Mrs. Goddard Jlni Gore-Mollle P.tcher
.... .... T. Lundy ; Imp. Cyrus- Precious
100 F. . J. F. Grady i Unknown
....j ... J. Bouwell Gier.Dud'ey-.TekMinerniare
— i — J. Robbing Longfellow-imi'. Maiizanua
106 j f. . C. Spooner.., Tyram-llitiaesome
91 F. . .f. Ramsdeil It> Midlothlan-bv Great Tom
j T. J. Koclie limp. Mariner-Enfaula
98 F. . E. Tlerney ! Sampson-unknown
C. Jones. ! Jack Brady-Peg hog
J. Greer ■ DukeNorfolk-by Joe Hooker
Owner.
Pedigree.
•
•Formerly Miss May.
RALLY OF THE LEAGUE
Enthusiastic Meeting of Tem
perance Advocates and Their
Friends.
ESSAYISTS IN A CONTEST
They Give Their Reasons for Being
Total Abstainers in Terse and
Vigorous Style.
District No. 3 o! the League of the Cross
held a "rally" yesterday afternoon at Odd
Fellows' Hall and the event proved to be
one of the most enthusiastic and most suc
cessful yet held by the Catholic tern
perance society. Tne hall was densely
crowded. Hundreds of boys, members of
the league, occupied chairs in the front
rows, and elsewhere ladies and gentlemea
filled every sjpace, even to the corridors,
where many had to stand during the rally.
Five parishes were represented by the
boys— St. Patrick's, St. Rose's, "old" St.
Mary's, St. Teresa's and Ail Hallows— and
he cadet corps thronged the stage.
The meeting bad one special feature,
which excited considerable interest, and
that was the tmze essay contest by four
members of the league for a beautiful
silver medal, on "Why I am a Total Ab
stainer."
When the meeting opened "Veni Cre
ator" was sung by the audience, after
which W. A. Breslin, district president,
who occupied the chair, made a brief ad
dress. He said that the leagus was or
ganized about six years ago by Bishop
Montgomery and it has spread through
out the City parishes, each one now having
a branch. The membership is nearly 7000,
all pledged to abstain from intoxicating
liquor until they have attained the age of
21 years.
Miss Marif Giorgiani and Miss isellie
Ford gave an instrumental duet, and
Harry Dinan a tenor solo.
Rev. J. P. Ferguson delivered an ad
dress, which was mainly a timely talk to
the boys and young men followed by a
homily on temperance. "He that is tem
perate shall prolong life," was the text.
Father Ferguson said that intemperance
was not only a great evil to the body
politic, but also to the individual; it
mined the body. Then why should a man
contract the habit? He would fly from a
pestilence, then why not fly from an evil
far more deadly and insidions in its effects
than a plague— the evil of intemperance?
Why not secure a strong and vigorous
constitution while still young by refraining
from liquor? A man who has* the bless
ing of health is rich even if he have not a
dollar in his pocket. When the pledge is
taken to refrain from liquor until twenty
one years of age is reached a man can rest
assured that he may go through life with
out being assailed with the temptation to
drink.
The audience standing sans "America,"
and then the essays were read. The con
testants were William Fitzgerald, St.
Patrick's; John Fitzsirumons, St. Mary's;
William Waish, St. Rose's; Thomas E.cles,
St. Brendan's. Brother Erminoid, presi
dent of Sacred Heart College, T. R. Curtis
of St. Peter's church and Miss E. S.
Mahoney were the judges. They awarded
the prize to Tbomas Eccles, who said:
I am a total abstainer because I hate drunk
enness. My pledge shows that lam in earnest.
What is sojhatoiiil us this vice? Drunkenness
deprives man of God's precious gift of reason.
Reason iv man Is a spark of God's intelligence.
It establishes the bond of union between man
as creature and God as his creator. Drunk
enness dethrones reason and leaves man a prey
to his vilest passions. God made man a little
less than the anijels, the drunkard makes him
self a little less than the brutes. Moreover this
horrid vice extends its blighting curse over
man in his other relations. It iR ruin iv pros
perity and despair In adversity. Cowardice,
theft, cruelty, murder, contempt of God and
hatred of man go along and loliow after it.
Disease of body and imbecility of mind are
notorious results of drunkenness. Whoever
loves humanity hates drunkenness. If you
love religion you hfite drunkenness, for
drunken Catholics disgrace their church, and
if they die drunk, as too often happens, what
other fate but eternal loss can await them. For
St. Paul says "The drunkard cannot enter the
kingdom of heaven.".
The first step in practical opposition to any
vice is the practice of the opposite virtue. If I
hate drunkenness I hate everything that leads
to drunkenness. If I love a clean, sober life, I
will cultivate every agency that »akes for
temperance and thus induce the practice of
tnat virtue in others.
Temperance is one of the great cardinal vir
tues. Total abstinence is its heroic form
Every soldier has his flag. Those who make
war on drunkenness uufurl the banner of total
abstinence. Every diseate has its remedy. Ac
cording to the highest speaking authority in
the Catholic church the proper and truly effi
cacious remedy for intemperance is the prac
nce of total abstinence. It was in tnis way
that our Lord Jesus Christ saved the world.
He not only practiced the contrary to the vice
ho attacked, but he carried the practice of it to
a heroic degree. He , combated our love for
drink by his thirst upon the cross. Not only
Christ's life and doctrine, but the sound sense
of mankind demands that, sincere aversion for
any vice shall be shown by the practice of the
contrary virtue.
I have taken the pledge because it is the
high form of Christianity. Every element in
me sharpens for the welfare of my brethren.
The drunkard is my brother. He needs good
exanrtSle to reform. I have made up my mind
to give it to him. I may be too poor to give
money for the reform of drunkards, but I can
give what is more precious, a good example.
A very pleasing feature of the pro
gramme was the singing of Miss Mary
opillane, whose sweet voice captivated the
audience. Miss Spillane sang "Call Me
Back," and received enthusiastic applause,
in response to which she rendered "This
for That," a sparkling ballad, prettily in
terpreted. The other singerß were G. 0.
Jones, Daniel Sheerin and John Cathcart.
Father O'Ryan, spiritual director of the
league, told the audience he was delighted
to see the bone and sinew of the intel
lectual community taking an earnest in
terest in the league and its work, which
was the cause of humanity. It gave him
hope in humanity, for he held that the
American of the future must be a temper
ate man in all things, honest, industrious,
and above all, temperate in regard to in
toxicating liquors; and thi", he declared,
was what the League of the Cross was
doing.
He announced that a great solemn re
newal of promises would be held at St.
Mary's Catnedral, February 16, when
Archbiihop Riordan will deliver an ad
dress.
The meeting was brought to a close by
the singing of the "Te Deum" by all
present.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Two Great Games in Which Champion*
Took Fort Played at the San
Francisco.
Four teams of handball giants met in the
San Francisco court yesterday afternoon
and contended for supremacy. The court
was crowded to suffocation, and a large
number of enthusiasts climbed to the roof
and viewed the games from their lofty
perch.
M. J. Kilgallon, the Denver champion,
and James Nealon played against P. T.
Donnelly, the amateur champion, and T.
F. Bonnet. Kor the tirst time Donnelly
and Bonnet had their colors lowered, and
their long record of victories has been
broken. They won the tirst same, but
Kilgallon and Nealon won the next three
games in great style amid the cheers of
the spectators.
Tne other game was between J. Jones,
the Australian champion, and J. Lawless
and J. Harlow, the coast champion, and
John Riordan. Jones has been absent
from the City for two or three months and
his reappearance in the court was the oc
casion for an ovation. In his playing he
showed the want of practice, and he and
his partner were defeated by three "ames
to one. Riordan's service was great, and
he has seldom been seen in better form.
Jones and Lawless immediately challenged
Harlow and Riordan to play a return
match on Wednesday night for $50 a side,
whicli was as promptly accepted.
The usual crowd was in attendance at
the Occidental court and many new faces
were seen among the contestants. In the
game of the day Richard Linehan, the
overhand swiper, and Ed Maloney defeated
J. J. Feeney and John Purcell. On
VS r eduesday evening M. J. Kil<rallon and
(J. A. Sullivan of the Olympic Club will
play James McEiroy of the Acme Club and
R. Linehan.
At the Union court the attraction was a
match between Terry McManus and M.
Dillon and J. J. Feeney and J. Nelson,
the latter team winning after an exciting
contest.
Next Sunday afternoon T. F. Bonnet and
J. C. Xealon will play R. Linehan and J.
J. Feeney, the"crackeriacks" of the court.
Following were the games played in the
different courts:
San Francisco court— P. Ryan and G. McDon
ald defeated M. McNeil and J. Rodgers, 21-~12
9—21, 21—20. James Nelson and J. White
defeated A. Hendrv and W. Darius, '21—14
16—21.21—19. W". Williams ana G. Hutchin
-800 defeated Al Pennoyer and P. Hutchinson,
21—13, 18—21, 21—14. M. J. Kiljrallon, the
Denver champion, and James C. Xealon de
feated P. Donnelly the amateur champion,
and T. F. Bonnet, 12—21, 21—7, 21—12, 21—20.
J. Collojiy and W. O'Donnell defeated W. Mur
ray and J. Sweeney, 21—10, 18—21, 21—19. J.
O'Brien and F. S. Kelly defeated D. Sullivan
and J. Callagtian, 21—19, 9—21, 21—13. J.
Harlow, the coast champion, and J. Riordan
defeated J. Jones, the Australian champion,
and J. Lawless, 21— 9. 17—21, 21— 10. 21 — It!.
Occidental court— R. S. Shields and|W. Col
lins defep-ted V. Tobin, and B. Ciemmens 21 —
15, IG-21, 21-19. C. Kane and A. G. McKer
ron defeated J. Healy and A. G. Green, 14—21
21—17, 21—16. W. Collins and G. Goggin de
feated W. Jacobs and B. Ciemmens, 13 — 21,
21— IU, 21— 1S< Joe Baxter and D. E. Condon
defeated James J. O'Brien and Matt O'Don
nell, 21—14, 21— 1(>. Dr. Ed E. Hill and
W. Cronati defeated F. F. Shea and
A. C. Bauer, 21—14, 16—21, 21—17.
In the game between the Acme Club mem
bers Lou Hardie and H. R. French d feated
Jed Hanifan and T. Fennessy, 18—21, 21—20,
21—17. Dave Williamson and C. .). McGlyrm
defeated C. Tobin and P. F. McCormick
21-7, 16—21, 21—10. R. Llnehan and Ed'
Maloney defeated John Purcell and J J
Feeney, 21—14, 17—21, 21—19, 20—21,21—18.
Union court — Tim Jordan and William
Keough defeated A. McDuflie and If. Ken
nealy, 21— 17, 19— 21, 21-20. Mat Nally and
M. Rogers defeated J. Collins and P. Fay,
19—21, 21—18, 21—14. Thomas Doyle and
Joe McNaiaara defeated Lon Magner and J.
Dooly, 21—17, 16—21, 21—20. James O'Don
nell, the old veteran, and T. Lenihan defeated
T.Welch and T. Fay, 18—21 21—16,21—15.
William McManus and H.Batzner defeated
H. McKinney and Charles Lone. 21—18
18—21, 21—19. Colonel James Smitn and
Major Tom Drady defeated Colonel J. C. O'Con
nor and the "Hessiau," 21—18, 19—21,21—20.
J. J. Feeney and J. Nelson tk-featea Terry Mc-
Manus and M. Dillon, 19— 21, 21—18.21—20
17-21, 21—20.
MORALITY AND RELIGION.
Why It Is Hard to Keep tbe Golden
Rule.
Rev. Arthur M. Clark delivered a dis
course on "Morality and Religion" at St.
Mary's Church last evening. He said:
It is commonly asserted that the "Golden
Rule" is enough and that any more religion
than this is superfluous. This may or may not
be true, or it may be half true. "Do unto
others what you would they should do unto
you." What a paradise on earth if this were
really carried out by each individual! But,
aias.it is not, and the days when it will be
seem Utopian.
Why is it fo hard to keep the golden rule. Is
it not because thers is so much "cussedness"
in man? Or rather because the way ot mania
corrupted and turned from the high and lofty
things to those base and degrading?
There is in each one of us an immense
amount of selfishness or pride. Naturally each
one likes his own way and to do his own will
better than the will of another, and this would
be quite right, too, except for the fact that we
will to do not what is always best, but often
what is worse. If men were keeping the golden
rule they would put down sulnshness and at
tend to the wants of others even at the expense
of their own. Then again there is innate an
ger, and this ought to be conquered as well as
selfishness by good judgment and right reason.
Before any golden rule can be observed the
people must be taught self-control. They must
learn that their passions are to be subjected to
right reason and kept down by severe dis
cipline; that men are to be the masters of
themselves and of all their passions and appe
tites, and that that i-t the tirst thing in which
true manhood consists.
A jasper vase, presented by the Czar of
Russia to tbe city of Pari9. has just ar
rived in Havre. It is made of the most
perfect block of jasper ever known, is
eight feet high, with the Russian arms ou
one side and those of the city of Paris on
the other; the handles are female heads.
FOR A MISSING BROTHER
How Young Lizzie Grinter Waits
and Watches and
Hopes.
NOW LOOKING FOR THE LOST.
She Follows Her Brother From lowa.
When She Arrives There Is No
One to Meet Her.
Lizzie Grinter is a shy, pretty girl who
receives the customers in a Market-street
photograph gallery and tells them how
much it will cost to reproduce their faces
and poses.
Her black eyes have a wistful expression,
and her voice and manner betoken a
timidity much at variance with the aver
age city product. She is pale ana slight
and looks scarcely equal to the battle for
bread. She can tell a story of loneliness
and want and rescue in a strange city that
would furnish valuable material to an en
terprising novelist.
Lizzie is 19 years old, but locks scarcely
16. Her brother and herself have been
orphans almost since their infancy. They
grew somehow, Topsy fashion, and in
time the boy's sturdy arm served him well
as a laborer, while the delicate girl gained
a meager livelihood as a saleswoman at
their native town in lowa.
There was not much joy in their lives,
it is true, but there was a measure of con
tentment until Roy Glinter chose to seek
j his fortune in tnat wondrous Golden West
I oi which he had heard such vague and
marvelous stories. After he came to Cali
fornia he wrote in glowing terms of the
beauties of the State, but deplored his
hard luck. Emplo/ment was scarce and
he had but little money.
After a while there were no more letters,
and the lonely, friendless girl felt that she
could no longer endure silence and separa
tion. She would use her little hoard of
savings in a journey to California, where
she could surely join her brother.
When she arrived in San Fraucisco there
was but little money left, not enough to
take her to Redding, wh#?re her brother
was when he wrote that last letter. Sne
! found a cheap lodging-house, and the next
morning began her weary search for work.
She could not go out to service in a
home, as her arm, broiceii when she was a
child, had not mended properly because of
| lack of attention. Her very limited edu
cation closed the doors of some avenues of
employment. She had gone to store after
store without success. Her poor hand
writing and worse spelling had destroyed
! her opportunities for securing work
through answering advertisements. Some
one told her that artists paid good wages
to models, and one day when the sum in
! the little purse had grown pitifully small
she drifted into the studio of one of San
Francisco's women artists.
The artist smiled a little as she noted
the pinched features and thin arms of her
would-be model, but she did not dismiss
the applicant until she had heard her
story.
There had been no answers to the letters
addressed to Roy Grinter at Redding. His
sister was frightened by the terrible un
known something that threatened her.
What should she do?
There was more of hope in her face and
money in her purse when Lizzie returned
to her dark little room. And the artist
laid aside her brushes and looked with
moist eyes at the coals in the grate. She
is a Keen, clever, careless woman of the
world, but this homely little idyl had
touched her. When she rose it was to
write to an official at Redding, whom she
requested to make personal inquiries for
the missing young man and to send a per
sonal appeal to the papers of that town,
asking that Boy communicate with the
dispirited, lonely little sister. Then she
threw on her wraps and hastened to the
photograph gallery of a friend and talked
energetically to that busy man for a few
minutes.
The result was that the shy, black-eyed
girl has employment and that while she
waits for news of the missing brother her
heart is full of gratitude to the artist, who
says she means to paint her conception of
"Fidelity," with Lizzie, brighter, plumper
and happier, as her model.
Bamboo pens have been used iv India
for over 1000 years. They are made like
quill pens, and for a few hours' writing
are very serviceable.
NEW TO-DAY. '
JaVw
The cheapest easy-chair,
the easiest cheap chair and
the best looking easy and
cheap chair we ever sold.
You can lean way back or
sit up straight. Adjustable.
Deep spring seat, nicely
padded and tufted ; that's
what makes it so comforta-
ble.
$18 covered in figured de-
nim.
$25 covered in tapestry.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
CALIFORNIA STATE
EXPOSITION.
A P PLICATIONS FOR EXHIBITION SPACE,
-iX or for concessions of any kind, la tbe
CALIFOMIA; STATE EXPOSITION,
To be held in the Madlson-sqnare Garden, New
York, May, 1896. should be filed at tbe Executive
Office, New York, on or before March I. : ' '
Application blanks, diugrams a.-ut descriptive
pamphlets ' cau . be secured at , tbe ofiice of this
paper.,: , r; ,:■/ '-•':. ■■■...■■•■■_■■■■■ -■- - / : >
Address all communications to .
WAIiTKR H. WICKKS. 3lanager,
- ; Madison-square Garden, New York.
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
List of Assessments That Are
Payable During the Month
of February.
THE VALLEY LODGE MEETING.
The Odd Fellows' Home at Therma«
lite — The Companions of the
Forest.
Official Assessment Table.
is
i?
CO
: >
• f
c
0
Eg;
II
II
vi
O. V. \V 3-4 Feb.
o.r.V. (rel'f 6Oc Feb.
osen Friends 255 Jan.
>ya! Arcanum.... 223 Feb.
ot Honor 458-59-60 Jin.
&L.OIH 433|Feb.
21
!Feb.
Feb.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Oakland Lodge initiated two candidates at
its last meeting.
Last Monday Harbor Lodge of West Oakland
conferred degrees.
The meeting of the Veteran Odd Fellows last
Monday was largely attended. There was pres
ent a large delegation from Haywards.
At the meeting of Suisun Lodge held last
week H. D. Richardson, deputy, delivered an
interesting address. Grand Captain Hitch
cock read an elaborate report of a visit to the
home at Thermalito prepared by Grand Scribe
W. EL Barnes, and Judge A. J. Buckles and
others addressed the meeting.
Ford's Hall at Niles, completed a few days
since, was formally opened by the Odd Fellows
with appropriate ceremonies, followed by a
banquet and ball. This occurred on the 20th
of January.
A number of reports have been circulated to
the effect that the home in Thermalito had
been seriously damaged by the recent storm
and that it was underwater. The absurdity
of the last statement is made apparent when
the fact is made known that the home is built
on a Mufi" eighty feet above the banks of the
Feather River. The storm, from reports re
ceived, did not do the building any damage,
but the low lands near the banks of the river
were to some extent overflowed. This will
prove a benefit, rather than a detriment, for
when the water retires the land will be found i
covered with a deposit that will Improve it.
The new camps at Los Angeles and at Colusa
report that they are doing remarkably well.
At the meeting of Columbia Lodge, to be
held on the 19th inst., it will be addressed by
Grand Serioe Barnes.
Recent reports show tnat the membership of
the Manenester Unity of Odd Fellows is 739,
--449. That of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows is 815,947.
Wesley Minter, P. G. R., well known for the
interest he took in the work of Odd Fellow
ship, died recently in Stockton, and he was
laid to rest last Wednesday, his funeral being i
largely attended. £SBSP9 '
George Lemont, grar-d treasurer, is still con
fined to his home by a serious illness that has !
laid him low since last August. Having, de- i
spite his illness, been elected treasurer of j
Unity Lodge and high prelate of Oriental En- j
campment, he was installed into both of these i
offices at his home.
Eight acres of the land belonging to the j
home at Thermalito has been set aside for
cemetery purposes. It has been laid out In I
plats and a portion of the home for the dead I
set apart for those in the vicinity who may de- i
Eire to secure grounds there. There are some j
fifty families who reside in the immediate '
vicinity of the home, and many of these have
already selected sites. Formerly the people in
the vicinity were obliged to take their dead to i
Oroville, miles away.
The following-named have been installed I
officers of Excelsior Lodge: Thomas Hart, N.
G.; James T. McJames, V. G.; Andrew W.
Turpin, R. S. : James N. Nesbit, P. S. ; F. C. i
Hahn, T.; G. W. Keeler, C.j J. H. Lemon, I. G.; :
William Quinlan, O. G. ; C. J. Maurer, R. S. N. G ; j
R. Action, L. S. N. G. ; J. H. Duncan. R. S. V. G. ; i
E. L. Irelan. L. S. V. G.; F. G. Norman, R. S. S.:
and R. Kilgore, L. S. S.
Rebekah Lodges.
After the installation of the officers of the
Athens Lodge of Oakland, there was a banquet ;
and dance in the hall, which had been very :
handsomely decorated for the occasion.
The officers of Ramona Lodge have been |
installed by Grand President Mrs. Fannie ]
Benjamin.
Mrs. Van Wye installed the officers of Ala- I
meda Lodge on the 21st ultimo, and the in- I
Btallation was followed by a dance and banquet j
A report from the loage at Fort Bragg shows '
that it is rapidly increasing its membership.
The lodge at Hanford recently gave a novel !
entertainment. It was a Mother Goose Car
nival.
Fair Oak Lodge recently celebrated Its anni
versary by giving a party to its friends. Over
two hundred persons sat at the banquet, which
formed part of the evening's entertainment.
• An entertainment and Leap-year dance will
be given in Odd Fellows' Hall on Saturday
evening, the 29th inst., under the auspices of
the Rebeckah lodges. The Patriarchs Militant
will assist the Rebekahs.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The Grand Lodge of California will hold its
next session in this City on the 6th of April.
«Ex-Judge Robert Ferral of - Spartan Lodge
is spoken of for the office of grand overseer.
Relief call 16, January 16, has been is
sued from the office of tne supreme master
workman. The amount of reliefiextended was
$507,150 35, and this necessitates an aaditional
relief assessment of 50 cents during the cur
rent month.
Last evening Past Grand Master Workman
Edwin Daniorth addressed a well-attended
meeting of . Mount Hamilton Lodge in San
Jose.
Last Tuesday evening Noe Valley Lodge in
stalled its officers in public in Duveneck Hall. ;
There was a dance after the Installation, and
the large number of persons present enjoyed
themselves to the utmost. During the even
ing the assemblage was addressed by Grand
Recorder Hirshberg.
Valley Lodge, with a view to creating a
greater interest than already exists in the or
der, and to inform those who are not members I
of it of the good tnat the Workmen are doing, i
and what they have done in the past, gave an !
entertainment in Laurel Rail, Shiesl' building
last Wednesday uiirht. The htJl, large as it is,
was too smaH to. hold all who sought admis
sion, but those who were fortunate to obtaiu
eveE: standing, room were pleasantly enter
tained and instructed. The committee to
whom is due the credit for the success of the
entertainment was composed ofJohnW. Mc-
Carthy, James M. Camp, P. D. Mullaney, S. A.
White and E. F.Joy.
Among the many attractive features of a very
interesting proexamme was an address of wel
come by Master Workman J. C. Underwood, an I
address by Grand Recorder Hirshberg, who
outlined : the benefits that result from . be
longing to the Workmen, and then
dwelt: at some length on the Degree of
Honor, and calling upon the ladies who do not j
belong to it to give the auxiliary due consider- j
ation. As a result of his address a number of
ladies made application to join: Then there !
was a, short address •by Past Grand Master
Workman . W. H. Barnes, who spoke - of
the: age. solidity and permanency .of
tbe order of Workmen. In his address he
spoke of the recent Fraternal Congress, at
which some forty beneficiary organizations
were represented, none of them so old as the
Workmen.
The Workmen having the largest member
ship showed in proportion the smallest death
rate. The whole number of deaths in Califor
n , o4^f Reorganization of the Grand Lodge
in ]878 is 3172. showing a payment of benefits
to the amount of $6,344,000. On account of
\ alley Lodge there was paid in death benefits
Blnc6 its organization $378,000 for 169 deaths.
He then dwelt upon i he cheapness of insurance
in the Workmen, and declared that the order
now. twenty-eight years old, having long since
passed the experimental stage, is preferable to
new organizations for those who wish to pro
vide. for their families. Mrs. Eva Cogan of ivy
Lodge, Degree of Honor, cave a recitation en
titled "The Model Church" in a manner that
marks the lady as a first-class elocutionist
This number was rewarded with- much ap
plause.. Bheriff Whelan's rendition of Irish
pongs, as only Whelan can render . them, won
the audience. : The following were the other
numbers oil r the " programme: Violin solo
"Blue Bell* of Scotland,' Master Geddes Lyle,
Miss Lulu McLepd accompanist; song, "Sliding
Down Our Cellar Door," Mabel Callahan, aged
0 years; vocal solo, "Italian Fishermau's
Song," Miss M. • McLellan ; recitation," "When
Jack Comes Back," Miss \ Edna Elsmere ; co-.nic
recitation, GusPohlman;;-vocal solo, "Heart
of Hearts," E. Boruodo. The / entertainment
closed with a dance, to the music of. Miss Kate
Coyle's orchestra. ••■,.'. ■.'••: ."'■..•...:- - .<
Franklin Lodge Xo. 44 has installed the fol
lowing-naincd officers: I Dr. G. W. Leek, I*. M*
W.; Otto Klumpp, M. W.; A. Levy, F.; Conrad
Riegelhutn, O.; William J. Beatty, R. ; J. P.
Dwyer, F.; Joseph Nordman, receiver; John
McDonald, G. ; James Spauton, I. W.; John W.
Canfield, O. W.
Degree of Honor.
The officers of Minerva Lodge were installed
last Monday by Deputy Mrs. M. Plnkham. The
ceremony was witnessed by delegations from
Dawn of Hope, Silver Star and Ivy lodges. The
retiring chief of honor, Mrs. Probst, was pre
sented a large corbeille of beautiful flowers.
After the installation of the officers of Da^n
of Hope Lodge by Deputy Mrs. Eva Cogan, there
was a pleasant entertainment, during Ahicii
David S. Hirshberg, grand recorder of the A.
O. U. W., delivered an interesting address.
Miss Nellie Walsh, the retiring chief of honor,
was the recipient of a handsome gold badge.
About forty names have been secured to the
petition for the establishment of a new lodge
at the Mission. The prospects are that it will
be instituted about the middle of the current
month.
Ivy Lodge will give its monthly social this
evening. The members of Oak Leaf Lodge will
be in attendance.
Workmen's Guarantee Fund.
At the annual meeting of the members of the
Workmen's Guarantee Fund the reports of the.
officers showed a gratifying increase in mem
bership, and it was also shown that there are
a number of applications on tile. The election
for directors resulted In the re-election oi the
old board, with the exception of H. C. Flaego
let, who withdrew because of his inability to
devote time to the duties of the office. Samuel
Booth, the grand receiver of the A. O. U. W.,
was elected in his place. The executive officers
were re-elected.
Foresters of America.
Grand Trustee Skinner, who has been visit
ing courts in this City during the past two
weeks, returned home on Thursday in re
sponse to a telegram received and which an
nounced ihe death of his father. The other
visits of Mr. Skinner will be made by some of
the other members of the visiting board.
The following are the official visits an
nounced for the week ending February 8:
Monday evening Court Bonita will be visited
by some of the grand officers; Tuesday even
ing E. L. Forster, G. J. 8., will visit Court San
Francisco in this City; Wednesday evening
Sol Peiser, G. R. S., will visit Court Yerba
Buena in this City ; Thursday evening A. Or
rila, G. C. R.. will visit Court Citrus iv River
side; R. B. Vellage, G. S. C. R., will visit Court
Golden West in this City; J. S. W. Saunders,
G. S. W., will visit Court Miguelito in Lompoi' ;
Friday evening J. S. W. sauiKiers. G. S. W., will
visit Court Star of ' San Luis Obispo in San Luis
Obis pp.
During the year 1895 the order in this State
paid out $4'J,2-tl for medicine and medical
attendance, .*-14,'2iil 47 for cash sick benefits,
$5739 05 for funeral benefits, and $2777 76
for donations— a total of $97,978 76.
A new court, to be known as Saratoga No.
140, will shortly be instituted in Saratoga,
Santa Clara County.
Within the next few months two new grand
jurisdictions will be established, viz: The
Grand Court of Texas and the Grand Court of
lowa.
The newly elected officers of Court Niles will
be publicly installed on Wednesday evening
by R. B. Vellage, G. S. (J. R., and C. H. Bremer,
! grand secretary.
Companions of the Forest, F. A.
A new circle, No. 271, was instituted on last
Wednesday evening in San Diego by Mrs. A. B.
Andrews, G. C. C.
Mrs. A. B. Andrews. G. C. C, will officially
I visit the following circles during the month of
February: Wednesday, February 5, a joint
meeting of Live Oak. Robin Hood and Golden
Era; Thursday, February 6, a joint meeting of
Twilight, Bonita and Pride of Columbia; Fri
j day evening, February 7, Olympus Circle:
; Monday, February 10, a joint meeting of Bay
| City and Hayes Valley; Tuesday, February 11,
; a joint meeting of Diana, Defiance and
i Mizpah; Thursday, February 13, a joint meet
■ ing of Excelsior, Aloha ami San Francisco;
! Friday, February 14, Village Belle Circle; Sat
j urday, February 15, Lorelay Circle.
The quarterly meeting of the executive
I council will be neld to-morrow evening at the
j office of the grand secretary.
Mrs. M. A. Duke, G. S. C. C, has recently re
j turned from an extended visit to the circles in
1 the northern part of the State, and reports that
i all of them are actively interested in the
order and that initiations are the rule at every
meeting.
The grand secretary has received informa
j tion from the supreme headquarters that a
new edition of the ritual will shortly be issued
and that the same will contain plates and full
explanations of thq floorwork as adopted at
i the recent session of the supreme circle. The
! floorwork is practically the same as what is in
: use in this State, the same having been sub
| mitted by the California Grand Circle.
Companions of the Forest, A. 0. F.
Mrs. Minnie Asher, -G. C. C. instituted
Northern Light Circle at Upper Lake, Lake
County, last Thursday. On the following
evening she visited Queen of the Redwoods
Circle at Ukiah.
The executive meeting of the board of com
panions will be held next Thursday.
Queen of the Redwoods Circle and Court
Redwood of Ukiah will join forces and give a
ball at that place on the 22d inst. to raise
funds with which to entertain the grand
circle when it will hold its session there.
The several circles at the last meeting
this month will elect representatives to the
grand circle that will meet in May.
Independent Order of Foresters.
The report for January from the Supreme
Court of the Independent order of Foresters
shows a membership of 84,596 and a gain of
1881 during the month. The surplus fund
amounts to $1,532,743, of which $39,751 was
added during the month.
During the past month Court Morris Vine
yard of Los Angeles received forty-one applica
tions.
Court Diana will give a social in the near
future in its hall in the Alcazar buildi ng.
The policy of the late James G. Kennedy,
who was a member of Court Diana, was paid to
the beneficiary in fifteen days after the death
had been reported.
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp installed the following
named officers last Wednesday: P. F. Gilroy,
C.C.; H. A. Hoyt, A.; C. H. Naylor. B.; H. G.
Watrous, C; G. J. Strong, E. ; G. E. Meyers, W. ;
D. Brown, S. ; W. R. Hinds and G. EL Wiison,
manager?; Drs. G. W. Day wait and H. W.
Hunsacker, physicians. This camp has now
360 names on its roll and is in a prosperous
condition.
The Chosen Friends.
During the past week Deputy Taylor installed
the officers of Sunset and Social councils. On
Wednesday he will install the officers of
Phoenix Council, the installation having been
deferred from last Wednesday evening.
Deputy William Goldberg installed the of
ficers of Crystal Council last Thursday.
The officers of Home Council were installed
last Tuesday by Mrs. Emma Packer, P. C.
The officers of Fairmount Council were in
stalled by Deputy Homer last Thursday.
Deputy Brunt will install the officers of
Washington Council on Wednesday night.
The members of Sutter Creek Council had
quite a time at their meeting last week, and on
that occasion presented a magnificent jewel to
Virgil W. Norton, the secretary.
Grand Councilor Selvege arrived from Eureka
yesterday, and (luring his stay here will visit
several councils.
GermaniaCouncil.which works in the German
language, had an installation lost week, the
installing officer being Deputy William Miller.
Joint meetings of councilors, instructors and
secretaries are to be held this month in all
jurisdictions for concert of action and to gain
knowledge by the exchange of ideas.
Reports from all pnrts show that the order is
increasiug in a marked manner.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Since last November the membership of the
Endowment Fund, of which Frederick Brandt, P.
G. »., is president, has increased seventy-three.
Past Grand Sachem Brandt conferred the Hunt
ers' degree on three candidates in Sctoyome Tribe
last week.
Utonkah Tribe of Xapa held a special meeting on
the 25th of last month, when a team from Samoset
Tribe performed the adoption degree on palefaces.
After the council fire bad been quenched the Hay
makers, a side degree of the tribe, took possession
and initiated thirty candidates. Then everybody
present, had a merry time and at the banquet, B.
Springden was the toastmaster.
Iroquois Tribe of Stockton will In the near future
give an entertainment with a view to increase its
membership.
Kaw-wannlta Council of Stockton Installed Its
officers recently, District Deputy Louis Bean be
ing the Installing olilcer. This council repons that
it is doing well, adding to Us membership at every
meeting.
Momezuma Tribe held Its monthly reception last
Tuesday and the entertainment was a very intcr
esiingone. The feature at the meeting to be held
on the Uath inst., for the good of the order, will be
a mock trial under the supervision of C. A. Rey
nolds and J. a Lhs Casas. '
Chippewa Tribe of han Mateo will give a ball on
the 14th. Arrangements have been made for
fPf 0 *"? . rat '' s for those who wish to attend from
Great .Sachem Jackson has issued a lengthy cir
cular to the tribes and councils in which he calls
attention to the excursion to be made to Truckee
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
on the "2d, and invites the tribes and councils of
han Francisco, San Mateo. Kedwood. San Jose,
Alameda County, Sacramento, Stockton, New
castle, Auburn, Grass Valley. Nevada City and
Dutch Flat to appoint committees to make ar
rangements to the end that the excursion shall be
a grand success. He also calls intention to the
prize of $100 offered for the best rendition of tne
adoption ceremony before the nexi great council,
and Rives the rules that will govern thf contest.
The circular concludes by drawing attention to the
proposition to change the funeral benefits, of which
a notice has already appeared In these columns.
The place in the vestibule of the Ked Men's Hall
is being prepared to receive the bust of the late
Adam Smith. It will be unvellcxl iv about iwo
weeks with appropriate ceremonies.
Sico Tribe of Chico will in the future meet at the
uorthwrst corner of .Second and Main streets, bav
in? recently changed its wigwam.
Cosumnes Tribe of Sacramento Is waking up
and reaching out for palefaces.
Pononachee Tribe has Increased its membership
of late and recently presented a handsome badge
to J. Barton. P. S., iv recognition of his able ser
vices.
At a recent meeting of Santana Tribe of Fort
Braug the chiefs were raised by Deputy T. O'Con
nor and at that meeting a number of patriotic ad
dresses were made. The manner In which they
svere received is proof that if at any time there is a
call for volunteers they will uot be found wanting
in the wigwam of santana.
The monthly social given by Alfarata Council,
Daughters of Pocahontus, In Washington Hall last.
Friday "voirng wns a very enjoyable affair and
was attended by a laree numiier.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Grand Trustee Milton D. Garrett has returned
from his official visits to the parlors In Humboldt
County and reports them all in a prosperous con
dition.
Grand Treasurer George D. Clarice visited Glen
Ellen Parlor last week.
Grand Organizer Goldman will go to VacaviUe
on Wednesday to reorganize Silver Tip Parlor.
On Wednesday Mount Diablo Parlor will dedi
cate a new hall at Martinez. Grand Vlce-Presi
dent Henry C. Gesfordand Grand Secretary Henry
Lunstedt will take part in the ceremony.
Olympus Parlor will give -a ladles' night" in Its
hall on Baker street on Friday night.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The following named officers were installed re
cently by Mrs. Mary I.angford, D. D. G. P.: B.
Baldwin, P.: L. Tinbets, first V. P.: E. Burnell,
second V. l\; E. Devoy. third V.P. ; F. Biakewe'l,
2C; M. J. Langford, F. S. ; L. V. Holmes, K. S.; E.
Herrick. I. s. : M. L. Jones, O. S.; D. Kellogg, A.
E. Terrill and B. Gilmour. trustees.
Piedmont Parlor No. 87 wi.s instituted on the
241h of last month by Mrs. Emma Dellwig. D. I>.
G. P., assiste i by Grand Vice- President Mrs. M. K.
Tillman. Grand Secretary Mrs. Georyie C. Ryan,
Grand Trustee Mrs. Belle Conrud and District
Deputies J. A. Steinbach and Mrs. C. S. Bak< r.
The installation of the officers was public, and the
members of Piedmont Parlor, N. S. G. W., at
tended in a body and during the evening presented
to the new parlor the sum of $20. This together
with the other as istanoe rendered by the son* of
Piedmont Parlor was thoroughly appreciated.
The officers of Fremont Parlor will be publicly
ins'alled in Monday, the 10th inst.. by Mrs. C. S.
Baker in Its new hall in the Native Sons' building.
Orinda Parlor will give a leap year parts* in Union
Square Hall next Thursday.
Amapala Parlorof SutterCreek, AmadorCounty.
Installed its officers recently and the occasion was
made a great social event. After the installation,
Mrs. Mary Clark, D. D. G. P., being the installing
officer, the new president, Mrs. Mac M. Randolph,
in a neat speech welcomed, the Visiting members
and the invited guests and she was followed by
Past President Mrs. Virginia Brown, who delivered
a short address. Then there was an interesting
literary and musical programme and a banquet.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
Deputy State Councilor C. S. Wilson of Los
Angeles has broken the record for numbers In
organizing councils In this State. Recently Henry
Clas- Council was organized In Oakland with thirty
seven members, which was then the highest num
ber of charter members, but since then a letter has
been received from the south announcing that on
the same night that Henry Clay was organized,
General Joseph AVarren Council was organized by
Wilson with forty charter members.
General John A. Logan Council had an entertain
ment after its meeting last Friday night, and it
was attended by California Commandery U. A. M.,
Commarder Van Der Mack.
The general committoe having charce of the
celebration on the 22d inst. is completing its
arrangements for that day. At the literary enter
tainment State Councilor Henry C. Scbaertzer will
deliver the opening address.
Arraneements are beine made to receive and en
tertain the Grand Council that is to meet in Den
ver on the 16th of June.
Nathan Hale Council of Auburn has elected the
following-nanied officers: B. I*. Henry. C: T. H.
Fellows. V. C; A. M. Pettineill, R. 8.: J. B. Bobo,
A. K. s,: \V. U. Arthur, K. s ; c. A. Hilke, T. ; A.
S. Waldo, oondactor; J. T. Freighter, W. ; L. W.
Haynes. I. S.; J.N.Meyer, O. S.; A. I). Pellows
and K. F. Burns, representatives to h>tato Council.
The new officers of Washington Council of Kama
Barbara are: R.E.Gilbert. ('. ; T. S. Sample. V.
C; C. H. Thomas, B. S. : C. A. Baker, A. R. h.; j.
T. Crane. T. : H. A. Vance, conductor; E. L.
.Smith, W.: J. A. Smith, I. W.; W. w. Kemplin. ().
W.: c. H. Thomas and \Y. H. Colemau, represen
tatives to the State Council.
Grand Army of the Republic.
Three new posts of the Grand Army of the Re
public have recently been established in this Btate.
.Mariposa No. 175 at Mariposa, Joseph Martin,
commander; Sol Meredith Xo. 176 at Fiufsun,
Judge a. 3. Ruckels. commander, and Uncle Ham
No. 177 at th« Soldiers' Home, Santa Monica,
Jesse Li Pritchard.commaiultr.
A woman's corps was recently organized at Sa
linas.
Lincoln Post will celebrate the anniversary of
Lincoln's birth on the 12th inst.
Young Men's Institute.
Ignatian Council will hold a memorial service,
out of respect to the dead of the couuci
during the past y«ar, in St. Mary's Church
on the 22d Inst., at 9:30 in the morning. The ser
vice will include a sermon by one of the Paullst
fathers and some fine musical selections.
The board of directors will meet on the Bth inst.,
and will take into consideration matters relating to
the Supreme Council that is to meet in Denver,
Colo.
The arrangements for the celebration of the 22d
of February are progressing. The following is
the joint committee: Robert Tobin, chairman;
Samuel Haskins and J. F. Cnllaghan, who is secre
tary and treasurer. The following named compose
the committee on programme: J. F. Callaghan,
y. Hr.skins, Thomas H. Fallon, Charles iiealey.
George M. Kelly. The press committee is com
posed of: R. S. Fazackerly, J. P. Foley and M. F.
.Silk. Committee on decoration— Charles Healev
and N. J. Davis: committee on invitations— Robert
'lobin, Samuol Haskins and J. F. Callauhan. The
Rev. Father Clark of the Paulist fathers, a mem
ber of the Sons of the American Revolution, will
be one of the speakers.
Vall.io Council at its last meeting Initiated three
candidates, elected five and received live applica
tions. This council will give a ball on the 14th
and has appointed the following committee of ar
rangements: Joseph Clavo. E. Williams, F. H
Lee, W. J. Walsh and Frank Lovesod.
Columbian Council has uppoin.ed the following
named committee to make arrangements for a
ball to be given in the near future: W. J. Ahem
Dr. T. H. Morris, D. F. Shea, C. A. Drury and
Josei h B Heffen.
The preliminary meeting for the organization of
a new council at Ocean View will he held on the
9th inst. It will be known as Cornell No. 310
and will be organized by Deputy District Organ
izer John E. Ricbard, assisted by Grand Directors
O'Donnell and F. A. Sullivan.
The officers of Mission Parlor were installed by
G. X Henry, C. D. *
Golden Gate Counril wijl celebrate its ninth an
niversary on the 18th iust. by a ball at Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
The quarterly reports for the term ending with
the l ajt dsy of last December are now due at the
ofli(-u of Grand Secretary Stanley.
Pioneer Council will hold an open meeting on
the 13:h inst. In V. M. I. Hall, when Father Wy
man will deliver a lecture.
United Ancient Order Druids.
Templar Grove No. 19 celebrated its silver anni
versary on Saturday, the 25th tilt., in Union-square
Hall, which bad been neatly and appropriately
decorated. There was a musical and literary en
tertainment, followed by a ball. L. G. Schord.
P. S. A., in an opening address, gave the history of
the grove from the time of its organization. Sev
eral recitations and songs were civen, after which
iS'oble Grand Arch iloag delivered an address on
the good of the order. Those present then in
dnlged in dancing until a late hour.
Golden Star Grove on last Thursday Initiated
two candidates, the work being performed by mem
bers of the grove in a very creditable manner. The
same evening two applications were received. The
officers have extended Invitations to all local
groves to be present next Thursday, to witness the
work of initiation and conferring degrees, to be
exemplih'ew-by a special team.
The quarterly meeting of San Francisco Grore
last Thursday night was largely attended.
Perseverance Grove at its last meeting conferred
the second degree.
An invitation has been extended to all local
groves to be present in Druids' Hall next Satur
day, when Deputy Supreme Arch Rohrbftcher will
institute Golden Gate Circle No. 2.
Volta Grove will give a masquerade ball on the
18th inst.
Knights of Honor.
Last Monday the grand dictator and other grand
officers were present at the installation of the of
ficers of Clinton Lodge at East Oakland. The
work was well performed, and when it was over
the grand officers and others who were present
were invited to a banquet to which all did ample
justice.
On Tuesday the grand dictator was In San Jose,
on Wednesday In Watsonvlile and on Friday he
was in Hanta Cruz.
*■ or the five weeks ending January 18 there were
received at the office of the supreme reporter 1244
applications, of which twenty-live were from Cali
fornia.
Kepor;s from various sections show that the
holding of public meetings has resulted in much
good to the order.
The total membership of the order on the Ist of
January was 121,085.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Oakland Lodge closed the last term with a
marked increase in its membership. The new
officers were installed by Past Grand Projector H.
K. Cummings, assisted by Deputy Mrs. O. A.
George.
Berkeley Lodge has become very active and all
its members are working vigorously to add names
io the roll. Last Wednesday the officers for the
current term were installed by Deputy Mrs. O. A.
Georao, assisted by Mrs. F. Kemp Van Ke and
Grand Secretary Carleton. After the work had
been performed there was a collation and speech
making.
Deputy Mrs. Annie Thompson installed the new
officers ot Kmpire Lodge. Grand Protector F.
Kemp Van Ec was present.
I he leap-year party cri yen by Palmetto Lodge, of
Alameda was a very successful one. The commit
tee that arranged this pleasant entertainment was
composed of the Misses Annie Graff. Frances Wolf,
Annie Hoffman and Messrs. J. J. Flynn and Wil
liam Scully.
Knights of Pythias.
Grand Chancellor George Samuels will officially
visit as follows during the month: February 10,
Selby Ledge at Crccketf, 11th, West Side Lodge
at Tracy; 12th, Modesto Lodge (special); 13th,
Yosemite Lodge at Merced; 14th, Madera Lodge
(special); 15tti. Oriel Lodge: 17th, Fouler Lodgp;
18th, isanger Lodge; 19th, Visalia Lodge; 20tb,
Tulare Lodge; Hist, Mussel Slouch and Hanford
in joint session at Hanford: 23d. Porterville Lodge
(•pecial).
The grand chancellor has granted a dispensation
to all the subordinate lodges of this domain to cel
ebrate the birthday of the order, waich falls on
tin' 19ih inst.
J. C. Charles has obtained forty-four signatures
to a petition for a warrant to orgaafaß h lodge at
Santa i.ioniea.
Hanford is soon to have a division of the Uni
form Hank.
Ihe lodge at Ukiah, which C. G. lUppey has for
some time past been moving to organize, will be
ready for Institution in a short time.
is. \V . Pearce of Los Gatos installed the officers
of Ciuuabar Lodge at New Almaden recently.
Mars Lodge of this City, instituted on the 20th of
last month and known as -'the bab3 r ," admitted
eight new members at its last meeting. It prom
ises a membership roll with 150 names on It be
fore the next meeting of the Grand Lodge.
ihe grand master of the exchequer has for
warded to the proper authorities $234 to, the
amount contributed to the Kathbone monument
fund.
iolapthe Lodge will hereafter meet on Friday
nights in Masonic Temple, having changed time
and place.
Independent Order B'nai B'rith.
The recentl/ elected officers of the Grand Lodge
were installed by David S. Hirshberg, past grand
president and member of ihe executive committee
of tbe constitution Grand Lodge.
The following named constitute the district court
of district No. i: Jacob Greenebaum, D. 8. Hirsh
berg. Joseph Bein, Henry Schwartz and Lucius L.
Solomons. This court is the one that receives all
grievances and appeals.
During the month ot January three beneficiary
certificates were paid, and two of these were paid
within three weeks alter the notice of death was
filed.
On Sunday evening a number of the personal
friends tendered a banquet at the Maison ltiche to
Jacob Levison, the grand secretary, who was re
elected last week by the Grand Lodge. A repast
which taxed the ingenuity of the chefs Iv its prep
ar tion was laid befoie those who were of the
party, and after the vian s ani fluids had been
discussed there were a number of regular and vol
unteer toasts, Joseph Rothschild acting as toast
mast,-r. "Our Honored Guest." in th giving of
which a high compliment was paid to ihe secre
tary, was responded to by Mr. Levison; "The
Grand President"' was responded to by the new
president, K. I. Wolfe, and -'The Past Grand Offi
cers" and other regular toasts were g. yen. Among
those present were: Past President Jonas, Presi
dent Wolfe, First Vice-President M. P. Stein, Sec
ond Vice President, K. Bare, Joseph Koihschild,
Grand Treasurer Julius Platschek, Grand Trustee
S. Hochstadter, Jacob Grenebaum, the senior vast
president, of tbe Grand Lodge: Albert Elkus of
Sacramento, Benno Wilson or Sacramento, A. L.
Budt, assistant to the grand secretary : J. U Frank
lin, A. Kronberg. BerlKahn, Solomon Zakind and
William Saalburg.
Order of the Eastern Star.
Golden Gate Chapter will give a party In its hall
on the evening of the third Thursday of this month.
Harmony Chapter will give a leap-year party
during the month at i s hall on O'Farrell street.
Ivy Chapter is making arrangements for a grab
bag party during the mouth-
Theomcersof Golden (iate Chapter will be in
stalled on next Thursday.
There is some talk of organizing a new chapter
at Berkeley.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
Coloma Hall, in the building of the Native Sons,
is being fitted up for the Kuights of the Golden
Kagle and ie will be ready for the evening of Feb
ruary S, when California Castle will confer the
third degree on a number of waiting candidates.
H. Bush Jr. is or^anizin^ a castle to work in the
German language, and it will be ready to be insti
tuted next month.
Casties are being organized in Alameda and
Santa Kosa.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
' NEW WESTERN, HOTEL. n
James Smith wife, SJ S Torna, U. S .Navy
A Grosjean. Denver ■".;.' ' F Adams, Chicago i
J Conroy, Sacrarneuto X J Adams. Monterey '
John J Kot, Monterey . A M Anderson <fe wife,
Fi. Avery, Knoxville - Charleston ■-.
Lorin'flberson <fc sister, Mrs A T Burnstien, Cal
Humboldt • ~, 'Wm Carby. US S Adams
Jas Grant, U S S Adams (;■.'• " : » '•■.• •
GRAND HOTEL. ..;
WFGeorge, Sacmento F J Ruhstaller, Sacto
TB Everett, Denver .' E A Nicosaus, Sacto
P F I'ures & w, Cal J Harpst & w, Area; -
B F Kohlberg, Stockton \V W Westlay, Stockton
HII Robinson, Cal • "F G Grant &w, Fargo *
F B Van Zickler, Sacto .R R Bigelow. arson City
H 11 Ranlett, Snc.o H II Meyer, Healdsburg
G Hanson, Redwood ... A J Bledsoe, Crescent Cty
« A Groezinger, Cal . S M Butler Kiverside
E M Sweeney, Cal -, . MrsE B Pomeroy,
B W Haines, Cal * G T Wheeler, Oregon !«J
P J Hazen, Modesto . Mrs A J Sarith, Oregon
W Van I'.iuiin. Cal : Dr L Close, Stockton
G E Kennedy,' Livtrmre W Cross, Stockton ..
E M Tllden, woodland A M Duncan, Ukiah '
W Bruce, Chicago ," ■- :-. "■ •:" /,
BALDWIN HOTEL, . .
E S Sanford, Cal E A Freuud, Crockett '
C M Ainsworth.Oakland C E Leonard, Sacto
11 E WadHwor.h.Oakld F H Selvage, Eureka ■
RJH Aden, Vallejo : ; I Miller, N V ;'.s. * •
D G Overall, Visalia J O Ezell, V Isalia •
II W Heiss, N V C F Polston, U S N- .V ■'■-.
F J Semmes, USN A <t Dnfe," Philadelphia
Mrs M T Lord, Phila X Melley. Philßdolphia
H Mickle <fc w.Moorestn M Tavary * m.TavuryCo
J N Brigton, Bakerslield Miss T Dorre, >' " "
Q E Peoples, BakerstleldCarl Martens, '' " "
H sawalre. Arizona' - Mrs C H Pratt, ••'■. "..'«,
N Bassett, Pacific Grove T? Schwartz, ='•' " .. "
M Marks, Santa Maria T F Jsllp, N V
H G Stevens, Napa Mrs R Berrett. Vacavllle
D McKay, Sacramento , C P Leonard, Bacto ;
PALACE HOTEL. fif. ".
Frank Swick, St Louis ;■ W C Peyton, Santa 'Cruz
II T l'oludexter.stanford O J Baker, St Paul ,
.1 s Templin, Los Ang : G H Proctor, N.Y . (
G II Naele, Denver Mrs C Nagle, Denver ".
F WBoltz, Cleveland ■■ Mrs T C Williams, Va
Miss Williams, Va . ;i J Singleton, Raulsburg - •
C A Burcham. Raulsburg H E Pyke, Philadelphia
J W Justus, Germany •■•■■ H C Cooke, XT.!'.' ; v-,
W B Bartholomew, NY D W Simpson, Chicago '
W L Copns, Wash, D C \V Caspary. N V *-; t. '
Mrs Caspary, N V Anton Pariseek, NY v-
Mrs Swick, St Louis ' Mrs O Harvey, Gait a*, ?i
Miss Harvey, Gait .< -. H H Shanks, .London
J W Barrett, Chicago V Mrs Barrett, Chicago ■"-■
T E Barrett. Chicago Mrs T E Barrett, Chicago
R E Small, Chicago C E Cattrell. Phlla - ,
Mrs C E Cattrell, Phila E B Dysart, Pittsburg ,"
J C Dysart, Pittsbnr^ C H Black, St Louis j '
COSMO POLITAN HOTEL. " > ; '
0 A Hatch, Vallejo 'D Carkey, San Jose^'S*
Jno A Nickin, Spotcane T J-innegan, Honolulu
7. T Atlee, Fort Madison G C Stnndlsh, Cal
M F Nolan. Tuolume Co A Anderson, Brentwood
C Anderson, Brentwood^V P Chev-alller, Stockton
A Brown, Sacto . Mrs Chevallier. Stockton
F B Jones, U S Navy , .J G Tona, Oakland ■; >■■, I '■■
D Leahy. Sacto -< - o Chas Cole. Los Angeles
Mr 3 Huhland.Vy Springs MissAHeberstreit.Eurck
E T Bolen, Portland : Juo B Kelly, Portland *-'■■■
J Pierce, Nortii Fork, Da Mrs Pirrce.NrthFort.Da
Jno Shultz, Alaska ■'■ ■J II Armstrong &f, Cal -v"
FFWimers*wf,Portlnd Henry M Spencer. Car. =
John Lorrison, Seattle - Jno Izzad, Victoria, B C
W A Spauldlnc, Los Ang Geo Brewster, Boston * '
H Cramer <fewf, Sonora Chas FenneU dtwf, Keno
A Bergendorf, New York ,;,-:.;,.:
.' : : •■■•■>- '■■'. ■ , — ■ — '._»'"♦'■ — — — — .' '-'.'.- ." . /"■
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
■Henry and Nettie Sinsheimer to Simon Kosh
land, lo' on s\V cowierof Broadway and Franklin
street, W 120 by S 35:6: $10. %." ,' »■•;•, > * "
Marcus art to Sigmund Feichtwanger, lot 425
>. of California street, 166:8 B of Scott, E 25 by N
13"^:7Vs: $10. ; - '-. : ;•- •■'■-. :' ■■- . ■ '--i,*.-.
Ernestine :W. Elfendahl ■ to Matilda A. Flels
chi.ner, lot on N line of Carl street, JOS.E of
WUlard, E2sby N 137:6: , : ,- r. '" ■ ." ?. .
J eremiah McCarthy or McCarty, AnnJeMcGlyon
Julia Gossard, Mary and John McCarthy to Cath
erine Mitchell, lot on N line of Twentv-third street
200 Bof Guerrero, E2sby N 114 ; $10. a " K -^'
-^ s a c . of YetteGlnzberg (by Abraham Brown,
administrator) to Samuel C. Meyer, lot on N line of
c ™mento street, 50 W of Driimm, N 69:9 by
John G. Morrison to -Annie .B:.Gallowdy .'lot on
•^^Vw^s-Tio 61 ' 91:8 Hr ° f *m?k?l
2S by E 87:6, sub ect to a mortgage; $4000. -'' v
Nettie M. j.evy to Mark -Neumann.lot qn NE
xi.? "J Seventh street, "f 6 Stf of Naioma, HE 26 by
V Martin I'h'elan to William H. r<»ly, : lot on E line
of Tennessee street, 50 S of Sierra, S 50 by.E 100:
J.U. -* ' ."- . ': -i '.-'.-- , t v ;■,-/*. '. ■ ..■■ »- ;.-■■ \ ~-i '„■ ■«■■■..
William B. Daly to Martin Phelan and Margaret
Dugun, Hame: $10. j :■■;;-■.:' r- -:- -;:t,-;s- '■■. i
:'* Stewart Menzies . to Clara M. Richardson, lot on
S line of California street, 69: lVi E of Second ave
-61 fa 16-96 : : °$ib I<2> S 62:426 " 46 ' W »««%• N
•■-■ Morris Rosener to Estee Roaener, undivided half
of lot on N line of California street, 107:6 W of
Twelfth avenue, AY 25 by N 100; $10. • - ; --.■••• ;•■
Frank 11,I 1 , and Mattie K. Smith to Celia A. Dolan,
lot on E line of , Twentieth street, 175 if of B, N 25
by E 120; $10. ;'.".;:.: -. : , : •;,.,.'---..*
v A. K. P. Harmon io George Riley, lot on SW cor
»«r °l >I ■ street and Teiito avenue, W 32 : by 8
100; $10.
: Mary A. McCurrie (guardian" of C. McCur
ne, minor) to Frederick Jerome, lot lon W line of
Howth street,l44:6 S of Geneva avenue. S 144:6
by W 130:6, block 11. San Mlitupl City; $380. i* A
m tannie Caley to Elizabeth Styles, lot 6, block 24,
Lakeview; $450. :: " '. ■"i *i ■
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
A. Miles ; and WUhelmina Taylor to Charles B.
.Yates.' Jots 1 and 2, , block 2036, Kowland Tract
iV'.. c r > ect deed dated January 8. 189ti), Oakland;
*' Jacob and Hannah Letter to James Connor, lot
on W line of Market street, 177:5 JS' of West Four
teenth, v 5 by w 125 block 692, Gallndo
Tract, Oakland; $10. ■'.:'.-. ■ J,... .  . -:, -
V ll J'" r y. C * ft " Flora C. Keene •toA. D. Pryal, lot
on bW.line or Finh street, 93:9 W of Che'sitr, S
lldbjrW3i : s,iot27,«nd\V • tiVi feet : of lot 28,
b.ock F, Bay Vlew Homestead, Oakltud: $700. i
- J. \V . and C A. Laymauce to Kmll Pfankuchen,
lot on 8W corner right of way of • Piedmont Cable
lompanyanu Olive street, W 141, SE 71.60, X 67,
£j 67.25 to beginning, block A, Amended Map
*airvlew Tract, Oakland Towns lip; $10. • '•
Mountain View Cemetery Asaociatiou to Charles
M. I Kelly, lot 21, plat 1 25, said cemetery, Oakland
Township; *38. ".■■"■ .■,- , \- ; ' i *
; William K. = Wallace to ■ Sarah Curran (wife of
John) lot 43, block F, revised map of Trospeet Hill
Tract, Brooklyn 'lownship; »5.> - '
: Eraii and Amada Pfankuchen to Frank H. Pol
lard, lot on NE line of East, Fourteenth street,
395:9 NW of Adeline. NW 28 by NE 160, block
C, revised map of Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. ; ..... -
'• A. \V. Combs to Lena S. Asmnndsen, lot on N
line of Felton street. 160 W of DwinelJe,'; \V 40 by
N 133:6, lot 16, block 7, Case Tract, subject to a
mortgage for $150. Berkeley; $10.
George K. Cnrry to Albeit Schroader, lot on N
line of Rose street, 78 VV of Eighth. W 50 by N
100, being lo's 24 and 25, block -J4, map of I. M.
>V entworth I Boot and Shoe . Company's Tract, to
correct 353 d 228, Berkeley; $10. j .
• Albert and Babette Schroader to Charles. and
Hilda Vest, same, Berkeley $615. .
'Mary j. Mos3 et al. to James McLauphlin, lot
£I,* block F, amended : map Moss Tract, Berkeley
To.vnship; 810.
: Dennis and Dora Landregan to Sarah B. Rothen-
(wife of L.), lot on S line of Landregan avenue,
150 W of Sixth street, \V 100 by S 107, lots 4 and
5, btock 6, JLandregan Tract, Oakland Township;
$lU.'. ; rr- ■'.■"..■:".- < -■• , : ■■■: ".- -"■-'■"■.
Thomas S. McMann to Sarah A. McKee, lot on
» line of Mariposa street, 295 E of Grove, X 60 by
, £ > 135, lot 11, block 3, ■ ilcKee Tract, Oakland
Township; $o. . ,
George T. and Adelia S. Hawley to L. E. Hatch
and : wife, lot W line of Deakin, 90 Nl of Woolsey,
N 45 by r W 125, portion Woolsey.Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
- Catharine Evans to Henry . L. Ross, lot on SW
corner of Charming way and Felton street.S 100 by
w 150, block 3, Collegt- Homestead, i Berkeley;
also lot on SK corner of .Thirteenth avenue, 125
SW of E Fifteenth street, HVV 26 by SK 175, East
Oakland; $10. . \ ..
Caroline A. Kisdon to J. K. Knowles, lot 4, block
C, Knowles «fc Potter subdivision of Kennedy Tract,
East Oakland: $10.
2 M. Disrgs to H. Kalschtain, lots 5 and 6, block F,
btono Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. ■
= Justice M. and Anna Reynolds to F. P. Fischer,
lot 36 and N 12y 2 teet of lot. 35 and all interest in
lots 34 and 35,. Bishop & Hart Tract. Alameda;
$10.
' G. \V. Osborn to Eben Jordan, lot on W line of
Park street, 461.63 SW from X Clinton avenue,
SW 50.17. W 170.75, N 50, E 175.5 to beginning,
block 55, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda, quit
claim deed; $1. ; \
Eben Jordan to Zephaniah P. Foster, same; $10.
* — ♦ — •
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Unitf.d States Department of Agbicui/
tukk. Weather Bureau, San Francisco, Feb
ruary 2, 1896, 5 p. it.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Kureka 24.73, last season 28.73: Red Bluff
13.83, last season 22.27; San Francisco 12.42, last
season 19.66; Fresno 4.09, last season 9.62; San
Luis Oliispo 12.25. last season 20.64: Los Angeles
6.91, last season 11.22; San Diego 2.Bo. last season
9.64: Yuma.46, last season 299.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 55,
minimum 46. mean Mi.
No rainfall during the past twenty-four hours.
An area of moderately high pressure is central
this evening on the Oregon nnd Washington coast,
while the lowest pressure is reported from Arizona.
These conditions are causins fair weather and
somewhat lower temperatures throughout Nevada
and the Northern portion of California, in South
ern California the skies are cloudy and a light
shower occurred at San Diego to-day, but the con
ditions are favorable for clearing colder weather in
that section to-night. The air is extremely dry in
the Sacramento Valley ana with the clear sky now
prevailing the temperature will fall rapidly during
ihe DigbttWhlcb will probably cause severe frosts
in that section. Killing frosis will probably be quite
general throughout the State Monday night. Severe
I'reezinar weather will occur in Nevada anl I'tah
to-night and Monday night. The temperature at
vVinnemucca will fall to about ten degrees above
zero.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending niidnitht February 3, 1806:
Northern Caliiornla— Fair Monday : severe frosts
in north portion to-night; generally severe frosts
Monday night; light to fresh northerly winds.
southern California— Fair Monday; cooler in the
cast Rortlon Monday: cooler, with severe frojts,
Monday night: fresh northerly winds.
Nevada— Falf Monday; co'.der to-night; contin
ued cola Monday night.
Ltah— Fair Monday ; colder to-night ; continued
cold Monday night.
Arizona— Fair colder Monday: severe frosts
Momlav night and probably Tuesday night.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday; fresh
to brisk northerly winds; probably light frosts in
this vicinity Monday and Tucsdav mornings.
W. H. Hammon, Korecast Official.
• — * — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, 1896.
M.
Tu.
W.j
S3
i
6 7
13 14
20 ! 21
I I
! 27 I 28 I
I SB.
Moon's Phases.
1
(7"\ Last Quart*
V 4=*' February
5
I
8
12
: 4sk : New Moon.
*«£/ February 13
9
11
16 i
/"^\ First Qua
! first vtua
V/Ff bruarv
! /"^> First Qua
I s.i'February
17
18
!22 I '—■ -
/C^. Full Mew
— v£/ February
i 29 I .. ■ ;-■ •
j 23
24
i 25 |
26 !
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure l*rom San FranrWco.
SI KvMK.lt. | DKSTISATIOX j
SAir,«.
I PI KB.
orona IHuuiboldcßav 1-eh 3. 2r*!P:er9
lexico. (Kan Diego JFeb 3.11 am Pier 11
tateor Ca; \ Portland i Feb 3.10 am Pier 24
oint wmo. ■ Grays Harbor. Feb 4.12 m i Pier 2
ityPuebla.. ' Vie it Pst !Snd Feb 4. Bam; Pier 9
)elJS'orte.. Grays Haroor. , Feb 5. 4pm ..
:ureka 'Newport 'Feb 6. 9am Pier 11
liiriDosa — ;svdney iFeb 6, 2pm I Oceanic
lio Janeiro. ; China* Japan I Feb 6. Bp» ! PMSS
nnta Hat*., i Sun Uleeo ; Feb 7.1 lam ! Pier 1 1
.capulco — 'Panama Feb 8,12 M'PMSS
olumbia... I I'orllana Feb B.loam 1 Pier 24
t *■»"' ■ NewDort Feb ». 9am i Pier 11
t alia Walla Vie * Pgt Snd Feb 9. 9am Pier 9
oos Hay... MpTicn Feb 10.10 am Pier 11
STKAMEKS TO ARRIVE.
... tSTKAUKR , | FROM ■ , . » . s ) DvK
Mackinaw iTuconia. Feb 8
City or Everett Departure 8ay.......... Feb 3
Coos Bay."-....; Newport .............. Feb 3
National City... Humboldt:. ;......:....■.. Feb : 3
Pronreso Seattle..,:.. t . ;.;...... Feb 4
Kinpire Portland .-......;. Feb 4
Willamette Departureßay .^Feb 4
■Al-Ki . Portland .::....'. .•; ~ ■ I 'Feb 4
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria Puget Sounii I ..Feb 5
C01umbia... ..... Portland ..;....... . Feb 6
SamaKosa. San Dieco.. .:....; Feb' 5
Corona...  Humooldt 8ay::........ Feb 6
Bt.Paui. .'.; Newport. ;;.-.'....;;....„- Feb 7
Arae0:. ......... Coos Bay :."..;.. ..;..'..•.; Feb -"7
Zpalandla. Panama ...."....■ Feb 8
Gae1ic........;:'. China and Japan Keb 8
Australia...:.... H0n01u1u.";."..:..-...:...'. Feb 8
Mexic0.......... San iiieeo ..'......... . Feb " 9
South Coast..... P0rt1and....;..;..;..... Feb 9
Crescent City... Crescent City........... ..Feb 10
Ban Juan Panama.".."..; ..Feb 10
Umati11a........ Victoria A Pusret Sound ..Feb 10
State of Cat..... P0rt1and.;.......;......; .Feb 10
Alice Blanc tiarrt t'orllnnct ;......'...'..;.;-. \ ..Feb 10 i
SU>' AND TIDE TABLE.
8.51
«.:>:
7.1
I.OOp
r.i
: ; J&AHfTFIXir IMi.l.l.Kih.Nlli, ;
Arrived.
SUNDAY. February 2.
Btmr Pomona. Doran. 17 hours from Eureka;
pass and niilse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Albion, Luudquist. 1? hours from Albion;
222 M ft, lumber, to Albion Lumber Co.
Simr Gto Loomm, Bridgett, 40 hours from Ven
tura: oil, to Union Oil Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 12 hours from Santa Cruz;
produce, to Goodali. Perkins <fe Co.
Stmr Del None. Stockfleth, 79 hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 47 hours from Hueneme;
produce, to Erlanger <fc Galinger.
Br ship Blatrmore, Caw, 66 day from Newcastle,
NSW ; '2934 tons coal, to J1) Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br sblp Fannie Kerr. Gibbon, 68 days from New
castle, NSW : 8600 tons coal, to J J Moore * Co,
fllktn Monitor. Turloff, 3 days from Eureka: 171
M ft lumber, 938 M shingles, to Chas Nelson.'
Brig Geneva. Pauisen, 14 days from Kahului;
1H.025 bags sugar, 2 bxs glass, 2 bxs castings, to
Hawaiian Commercial und Sutrar Co.
Sehr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 24 hours from
Albion: lumber, to order. Up river direct.
Scbr Ocean Spray, Stenborn, 36 hours from Iver
sons Landing: 90 cds wood, to N Iversen.
Schr Sparrow, Bart, 72 hours from Eureia
lumber, to Preston <fc McKinnon.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 8 hours frm Bodega • 40
bxs butter, to Ross & Hewlett.
Sailed.
SUNDAY, February 2.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Hansen, Nanalmo
Stmr Arago, Itced, Coos Bay.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Bktn City of Papeete, Berude, Tahiti.
Schr Matiie T Dyer, Mockler, sealing voraire
Japan coast ana Bering Sea via Attou and I'ni
alasku.
Schr Twilight. Topfer, Grays Harbor.
Telegraphic.
I'OINT LOBOS— Februarv 2—lo p if— w*>a.th«r
hazy: wina NW; velocity 12 miles. "•"-"«
Domestic Ports.
PORT GAMBLK-Salled Feb 2-Bktn J M Grif
fith, for Honolulu. M Unf
I: = ■•■ • ••■•-• ■ - ■ . .: ■ ■ ,• ■. ■- ■•. ~
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 2— Bktn Modoc. hence
Jan 19. . \ :•:.-■- :
■ COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Homer, hence
Jan 31. • .
Sailed Feb 2-Smrs Alice Blanchard and South
Coast, for Portland. - :■:..: . •
EfltKKA— Feb 2— Stmr National City,
for San Francisco. .'
pi KEDONIH»- Arrived Feb.2-Schr John F Miller,
fron> Oravs Harbor. . . ■
' Sailed Feb 2— Schr San Buenaventura, for Grays
Harbor. ■ : •.-.--■ ■
MAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 2— Schr Vesta, for
Port Blakeley.
: -■• .Foreign Port*.-
KAHUX,UI-Arrived Jan 17-ScUr John D Tal
latit, hence Dec 25.
Movement* or Tram- Atlnutlo Stearaara.
; NEW OR K— Arrived F«b'2— Simr La Tou
rnine, from Jlavre; stmr Wcotia, from Hamburg
and Havre: stmr Umbrla, from Liverpool and
Queenstown. - • ■''' -■ •*.•■ ;■■•**:: ■■
-• Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Spaarnnam, for Rotterdam:
stmr Marsala, for Hamburg. :. ■ •
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out Feb 2— Stmr Ser
via. .".■.■■■■ .:■■ .. ;.',-.••■-.,;-. -■;. ■ ... , .
sailed Feb 2— Stmr Aurania, for New York.
HA VRE— Arrived out Feb 2— Stmr La Bretagne.
•Importations. '. •
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 46 rolls leather. 1 box
plates, 4 bdls green pelts, 2 kgs 100 b.xs butter, 31
oil tanks, 6 pkers household goods. 166 sks peas. 1
sewing machine. 414 b.xs apples, 3 csdry goods, 1
cs crackers. l:-t Mft lumber. 191 M shingles, 1 cs
saddlery, 16 cs eggs. 1 kit 70 bxs fish. 1 cs clothing.
8 pkes express, 1 sk co.n, 3 cs hardware, 1225 sks
potatoes, 2 kegs lard, 5 hbls 21 cs cider, 12 doors, 2
coops chickens, 3 bdls hides, 1 cs glassware, 1 box
baKin? powder. . ■ -.
SANTA CRUZ— Per Gipsy— 2 bxs butter. 7 bbls
bottles. 9 bxs apples, 32 rolls loather, 600 bbls
lime, 2 bbls California wine, 34 bdls sacks, 49 sks
bones. 18 empties. ■ . . : '■■
' Soquel— 3oo rms wrapping paper, 4 cs empty
bottles, 277 bxs apples. ■ .
, Moss Landing— l cs eggs, 1 hf-bx butler.
Watsonville Landing— 693 sks oats, 8 sks turnip
seed.
Watsonville— l sk beet seed, 1 bdl 1 box casting.
Moro Cojo— 64B sks potatoes. ■ ■• ' .■ •• ■
Picreon Point— sks beans, 75 drras 33 boxes
cheese, 13 hf-bxs butter.
HUENEME- Per Scotia— l 996 sks barley, 1357
sks corn. . •
. GRAYS HARBOR-Per Del Norte-6 M ft hard
wood lumber, 326 M. ft lumber, 1 cs mdse, 283 bdls
snooks.
Conslenees.
Per Pomona- A mer Press Assn ; Eveleth & Nasli:'
A C Nichols & Co : Bernard <fe Co; DKeefe&Co;
Dodge, Sweeney & Co: D E Allison <fe Co; Ameri
can Carbolic Acid Gas Co: John F English; Arctic
Oil Works; Levi, Strauss <fc Co; LDStone&Co:
Marshall, Teggart«t Co: Ross & Hewlett: Eclipse.
Cracker Co; Overland Freight Transfer Co; Green
baum&Co: Standard OH Co; C O G Miller: C C
Hanson; Wheaton, Breon<fc Co: - APaladlni; Mc-
Kay Co; Wells, Fargo & Co ; Revere Rubber Co;
American Union Fish Co: .1 R Heckman <fe Co; W
Milican: Brigham, Hoppe &Co; Dalton Bros; \V
L Milla; Baker <fc Hamilton; C E Whitney <fc Co:
Dodge, Sweeney «fc Co; Dairymen's Union; D Ver
valln: E R Stevens Co: Hills Bros; A Inguglia;
Norton, Teller & Co; O B Smith & Co; B Carto; A
Sylvester: Tiiliuann Bendel: Wltzel Baker; G
Berti&Co; G Camilloni &Co; Millanl &Co; Pac
Coast Fish Co: W B Sumner*Co: G G Wickson
<fe Co; Del Monte Milling Co: H Campe & Co: J M
Moore; J H Kane <fc Co; J .1 de Haven; Mau, Sad
dler it Co; J L Simmons; Pacific Coast L M Co:
WF Mitchell.
■ Per Gipsy— L G Sresovlch & Co; H Cowell <t Co;
Witzel <fe Baker; Wheaton, Breon & Co; H Dutard:
Garcia &Magglni; Wolf Son; Getzßros&Co: T
A Burns <fc Co; Herman Joost: Union Paper Co; X
H Sheldon; Dairymen's Union; Miller Son; N
Ohiandi & Co: Norton. Teller * Co; Kron Tanning
Co; Dodge, Sweeney* Co San Francisco Stove
Works; San Francisco Chemical Works.
.' Per ■ Scotia— Erlanger * Galinger ; Jonas, Erlan
ger & Co.
Per Del Norte— Simpson Lumber Co; E X Wood
Lumber Co; Western 'Basket Mfg Co; E I Nelhaus
& Co: .Bernein * Co.
For Laic Shippinp Intelligence Ser. Thirteenth Page.
ocEAir steamships;
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSniPCOMPASI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &0.00
Second Clasb. -dSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 lew Montgomery Street.
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
. . Oeoeral Agents.
C>. DRL. _dS3 IST.
ASTORIA ANiTPOfITLAE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For . reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery 'street. . :
Columbia sails ..i .' January 29
Slate of California salts February 3
GOODALL, PERKINS <!fc CO., Genl. J^upts.
F. F. COIN' OR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM . J&&k-
Rroadway wharf, Sau Francisco, us StßatL
follows: .
For Mary Island, Lorinjr, WrangeU Juneau. Kll-
iisnooana Sltka (Alaska), at V a. m., Feb. 14, 29,
March 15, 80.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacones and New
Whotcom (BellliiKham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
1-eb. 4, 9, 14, 19, 24. i:9, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. IV R. R., Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with U. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers. . -. ■ ■
- For Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. M., Feb. a, 7, 11, 15,
19, 23, 27, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crnz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco3,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),, Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. v... Feb.
1, 5. 9. 13, 17,21, 25, 29, and every fourth day
thereafter. — - . •■,"'" ■ •.
For San Dlf-KO, stopping only at Port Harfor.l
(San ■ Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m., Feb. 3, 7, 11, 16, 19, 23, 27, and every
fourth day thereafter. • .
For Enscnada, San Jose del I Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket otlice, Palace Hotel, 4- New . Montgomery
street. ; ...■-•- •. •■ . ■ . ■ -, -r - -
GOODALL, PERKINS «fc CO.. Gen'l Agents.
.• 10 Market st., San Francisco.
• OCEAMC STEAMSHIP COMPAM.
gmpugtM "fe. i Coolgardie gold fields
JBsSrT-lQ (Freemantle). Austra-
J M^kVhff Ua: $2 ' < Jo tir3t clas *
jß&cP' *l 0 MT?f i ifu» $110 steerage. Lowest
Jg jfdo* n '^Hw " rates to Capetown,
Mjß4^^~~f> South Africa.
mßff ■rjy fc Australian steamer,
■V/ -IJITUn M MAKiPwsA, sail* vu
■■( yf^SLjwH Honolulu and Auck-
wcl K-«lWfr/Bai land * ' lulrsda y. *'eb.
■ -/JkW Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Sit iir-
day, r ebruary ] 5, at 10
P A. M.
Ppkciai. Fabt iks. —Reduced special ' rates for
parties Feb. 6 and 15, 189& : -
■ Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327. Market street.
"-. J. D. SPHECKELS »fc BROS., General Agents.
COJIPAGHIEGEIER.UETRASSATLMTIIIUE
' Krencli JLine.to Havre. '
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH rjrtS
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by £{M|
this line avoid both transit by Englisn railway auU
tne discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. I New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parla.
first-class f 160; second class, $110. ■
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe. . . . : ;
• .. ........................ January 11 ■
LA GASCOUNE, Capt. Baudeion
.....•'.'...;.'.'.....". ...........January 18, ........ .
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. P01r0t....... .!
January 25, . _
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf ........
: ..... ::.. Fe bru ar 1 ;......- '■'.
$&• For farther particulars apply to .
tvt^ „r, A - FORGET, Ag<»m,
•■ %W < FiTrvyi 0 wlin Green, New York.
av J enne,lan G Frinofsco.°- Asent3 ' & ■ Montgomery
ROYAL MAIL SI'EAMJACKET COMPAIII.
STEAMER 3 LEAVE ABPINWALL jBHOU,
fortnightly for the West Indies aud <SSSS3
Southampton, calling en route at • Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. •
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. ••-■<
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton." First class, $195: third
•Uaa, 99? 60. - For further particulars apply to
VARROTT <fc CO., Agents,
' ; ■■'. '..; . ; ;, .-■ 306 California st.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St*
, v At 5.P. M. I>aily, Except Sunday. .
49" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
I''-. '.-■.■: <■-.-: STKAMEBi: - ',
T. C.Walker. . : \J. I>- Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
.-'' Telephone Main 805. '.- C.v. Nay. and Impt. Co
YALLEJO AM MARE ISLAM
STR. BZOXTICJSICI.OJ
Dally, except Punday— lo a. m., A 9. }Ik
nday— B ;P. K. ? :
J.*a dinar. Misalon I. FIOT »«.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
LOW RATES BY RAIL
'.I. '.TO ' •
FOJFJLTILi A.3?J33. OR.
■■■■ 'jSME&WM^IJ^43ig3g&- . '
MONDAY FEBRUARY. 3,
And Every Fifth l>ay 'I'liereaftor.
Leave from S. P. Co. 'B Ferry landing, foot
- . ■.. of Market st., at 8:00 p. it.
Ai P A— Including iiertu in rullruan Tourist
O/■ 0 U sleeper.
- ....ALSO....
First-class tickets,' including berth in Cj"l C.OO
Pullman Standard bleeper, *ip ' '*
SPECIAL; NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on piv
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba
sold or baggage checked to such points. "
fIS- Through Tickets for Puget Soun«
points on Sale at-Keduced Kates.
For further Information apply at •
613 MARKET BTBJGKT (Orand Hotel
'J'lcket Office), San Francisco.
BICHARD GRAY, . T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Trallic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
BOUTUEBX FAVITIC COHPAXT.
. (PACIFIC SYSTEM. 'V
Tr»ln» Irnvo »n<! nrc .luc (o »i-i-It« «l
SAN ;. FUANCIMO.
lkave — Fkom November 20. 1835. _—■ ARRira
6:30 a Haywards, Niles ard Way Stations. . 1 0: 1 sa.
7:«0a Atlantis Kiprcrs. Ogdeu and Mast.. B:*sp'
7:00 a Benicia. VacaTllle. Ramsey. Sacra-
-1 - • mento, and la'tluing via Davis.... 7:13p
7:30 a Martinez, Ban Itauicn, Napa, Calis-
■ toga and Santa Rosa ' 6:13*
■:»Oa NiU-. San Jnse. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marj'"'"*'. Re<l Klutf
' and Sundays excepted Oro'illc.... 4:ISf
•B:36a Peters and Milton "7:15p
9:00 a Ban Leandro, ward* & Way St'ns . 11:45 a.
9:OUa Los Angeles ' Kxprcss, Raymond, ■
(for Yoscmite), 6anU barbara
and Los AiiRe1ex. ................. 4i4sf<
9:OOa Martinez and 5t0ckt0n....... 10:43*
I0:0Ga San Lcaodro, ILtywcrds and Klles. . 1:43p
12:OOm San Leandro, Hayv.nrds* Way St'ns 2s-tZr
l:OOp Niles, San Joso and Livcrmore ti:4H*.
*1:00p Sicramento River Steamers. .'. *3:00p
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations f?:4»r
3:0 Op San Lsandro, Haywards & Way Bt'ns ' 5:49f
4 lOOp San Leandro, IlaywtrUs & Way Ht'ns 6:43p
4:00p Martinez, Han Ramon, vallejo,
. . ' Napa, Calistoga, Xl Verauo and
Santa Rosa •<»*
4:«»* Benieia, Esparto, Woodland, .■ % ■ !
• • Knishts Landing, MarysriUe, ' ,
Orotille and Sacramento I«i4S«
' 4:3»p Niles, San Joa';, LiTermore and ■
.Stockton ...., 7:lBr
S:OOp San Leandrc, Haywards & Way St'ns 8:43*
B:3Up New Orleans KxpreES.Freeno.Baken-
! licld. Santa llui'U.ira.Los Aueeles.
' Deming, El Paso, Ksw Oileana and
Ea5t....... -I*!4S*
3j3«p Santa Fo Route, Atlautio Ezpresa
for MojaTe Rud East 10:13*.
S:00p Kuropean Mail, Ogdcu nnd Kast.... Oi-f 3a.
6:UOpllay»:irds, Nileaaud San Joso 7i43a.
t7:«op Vallejo :;. .'.... 17:43f
- 7:OOp Oreeou Kxpreas, Sacramento, HJarys-
vine. Redding, Portland, X'uget
Sound and Ka5k...... , 10:43*.
7:00p I.eandro, Hay wards Way St'ns lO:3Op
9:00p San Leandro.Haywards&V/ay St ns 1tl8:»O*,
"Jl©:«sp 'Sunset Lfnsl ted," Fresno, Los
Angeles. El Paso, New Orle&os . * -
and East InMSf
Leandro. Haywarils Way Kfn* 7:13 a.
SANTA flil'Z DIVISION (Narrow O.ingf).
8:1 0 A Newark, tVriterville.Kan J O3o. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations BtS*i
•8:15p Newark, Centerville, San .Tosc. New
'\ • f Almaden, Felton, Kouldcr Cr«;k,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations 11x204
4:13p Newark, Han Joso and Los Ciatos.... 9:30 a
f11:43r Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
Way Stations ' t7t—l»
COAST IHVISION (Third & Towiiscihl Xt».)
<S:43a San Joae ami Way butiem (New
Almaden Wednesdays only), 1:4
■:13a San Jose, Tres I'inos, Hunta Cruz,"
.;;>;. I'.icilic Orove, Paso Roblcr, Sau
Luis Obispo, Guadahipo and Prin-
cipal Way KUtioim .............. 7sO3f
1O:4Oa Sau Joso and Way Stations 3:OOp
11:43.\ Palo Alto and Way Stations 3>30l
• *2:a«i> San .Jdbo, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, f^aiita
■ Cruz, Salinas, Monterey ami Pacitlo
(irnvo «ia:4OA
«3t3«p San Jose and Principal WayStatious ■ 9:47 a
. •■l:3Oi- Han Jose au.l Way Stations •N:OCa
5:30p San.M)saan.lWay Stations. "HtlS*
O::»»l- San Jose ami Way Stations ;. O:Ma
•tl 1:45 p. Jose nnd Way Statinnw iT:-15f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FR4SCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:li 9:00 11:00 a.m. $l:flQ »2:00 12:01
•*:00 J5:00 •6:Cop!m.
From OAltaHO— Foot of Broadirij.— *C:00 800
10:00 a.m. U2;00 *l:00 *2:00 »3:CO ti:00
-5:00r.M. - - . . .
. A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
• ! Sundays only.
, U Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
and Saturdayi • Sundays and Thur»d»ffc
SISFR4SCISCO &
cific RAILWAY co.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
. San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O,- 9:20, 11:00 a. k.; 12:35
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. M.
SDNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:80, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 P. it.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. M.-
-12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1 .55 p. it. and 6:35 p. it.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. x.; 1:40, S:4OL
6:00, 6:25 p.m. '..' ;
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam*
scheduf as above, ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
Leave T _ _»„» Arrlro
San Francisco. ©ct 28." Ban '»nclsca
Wkek I Son- *J??*; ian Bns- I Wik"
Days. | pays. destination. pAY||^ | Day^
7:40 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am! 8:60 am:
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 PM 10:30 AM
5:10 FM| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
-. ~~~ Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 AM
Healdsburg,
. . Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 PM
Pieta,
Hopland Jt.
7:40 am 8:00 AM Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
7:40 am i 10:30 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm I 6:15 FK
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and | 6:05 pm 6:15 pk
•--■; [__ Glen Ellen. | _^
7:40 AM; 8:00 am; su.Ka-tnnol i 10:40 AM 10:30 AM
3:30 16:00 pm| SebMtopol. j 6:05 |. 6;16 pm
Stages connect at San P.afael for Bollnas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers. ■
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
K>lseyyllle, Lakeport.
Stagres connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, MendocinoCity. Fort Hrasic. Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joha
Day's, Ltvely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka. ■
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ■ - . .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b«-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
«,...,. . . , , . . ■
- Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITIXG. K. X. P.YAX,
■ Gen. Manager. » Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic f||il||
BAILBOAD lf&rttf
Trains leave from =.n.l orrlva jt^jf^Jt&ik
St Market-Street Ferry. >JM Bfci
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chlcr* via A &
Leaves every day at to Chlcaw
eP^y^ho T u°t U c r n S^, Annex cars f«
Denver and St. Lonls. q LIM|TED>
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Rr>iiH v«tlhule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
%\%*£X™ 8 «ro 9 m ctmornia^tJfe^u
»Tw rails lies': dust: interesting scenery;
and go^d ineai. in Harvey's dining-room or dlnia*.
Car *" Ticket Office-644 Market Street,
Cfcroalclo Balluicg.
50RTH PACIfIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry),
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
WEEKDAYS. 1 .
For Mill Valley and .San Rafael— 7:3o, 9:15, 11:00
a. M.: 1:45; 3:46, 6:15, U:I;0 P. m.
San Quentiu— 7:3o, 9:15 a. m. : I:4b, 6:15 p. v.
Extr.t trips ior San . Haiael on Mondays, ednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 h. m.
: - " SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, 5-an Rafael and San Quentin—
8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.: 1:30, 3:00, 4:30 »615
T. m. »-L>oes not run to Smi Qu»-nnn -
-. : THBODGH TBAdNS.
7:30 a. M. weekdays-( .azalero and way stations.
Vtn F - * ■^ aUlr<la -' : s - r ,<»nales and way stations.
8:00 a. it. Sundays- 1 o.n- i; oyPS anrl way station*
Weak Men Women
QHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS TUB
Strenstb to the Sexual oreaos. -"eaJta aaiInteresting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
EVEN DURING CONFESSION
Rev. Father McSweeney Never
Objects to Meeting a
Reporter.
MAYOR DAVIE LIKE CLEVELAND
How Oakland's Women Writers Started
to Get Out a Holiday
Newspaper.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. 2. 1896. \
Rev. Father McSweeney was inter
viewed in the confessional box last night
for the first time in his life. When thus
engaged he is generally the one that inter
views. VTnen the reporter called at St.
Francis de Sales' clergy-house the servant
said the priest was hearing confession and
could not be disturbed. As there was no
hope at the clergy-honse the janitor was
approached, and he, too, refused to help
to bring priast and newspaper man to
gether. He hinted that if it were a mat
ter of death he might be prevailed upon to
break the unwritten law, but for any other
cause he could not be tempted. There was
no hope for it. The priest's story was
necessary to authenticate a report of a
frustrated elopement of two bright young
ladies and the priest had to be seen. There
wu a line of penitents leading past tl.a
confessional box and the stranger fell in
at the end. In due time the empty box
was reached and Father McSweeney
turned to hear what the suppliant might
say. His surprise may be imagined wLen
he discovered the identity of the stranger.
"Well, well," said the priest, but he cor
dially gave the desired information, and
■when the penitent emerged from the con
fessional box no one would have guessed
that it was the priest who had done the
confessing.
It is again stated that the Populists are
trying to oust Mayor Davie from office.
That is nothing new; they have been try
ing to do it for nearly a year. It is stated
that they are also obtaining affidavits
proving that his Honor did violate the
purity of elections law. That is a sur
prise in one way, but not in another. In
the first place the name of the Alameda
County official who is now in office and
whose friends did not violate the purity
law is unknown. In the next place there
are hundreds of "politicians" in Oakland
who would swear that the moon is a green
cheese, and for a very small consideration.
Judas' paltry thirty pieces would seem a
fancy price for many politicians on Broad
way and in West Oakland.
Mayor Davie is, iv nearly every respect
in which these two tnen have come before
the public, a counterpart of President Cleve
land. Botu rode into power in a political
whirlwind, and no sooner had each fairly
warmed up his official chair than he re
alized that public opinion had turned a
complete somersault. There was a lot of
talk of impeaching the President, and
there is a lot of talk of impeaching the
Mayor. Both movements will be found in
the end to .have been concluded in the
same manner. Whatever rnles or preju
dices of political faith they have broken
or ignored, th^ro are enough firm friends
in either case to prevent personal ignom
iny other than that of a political nature.
It is openly stated that the people elected
Davie and that he is now working in the
interests of the capitalists and bankers.
The assumption is untrue, and the best
proof of its falsity is the fact that those
who are most prominent in throwing out
the charge are those who, when a banker
filled the Mayor's chair, thought the ad
ministration perfect. The greatest ele
ment in retarding the progress of Oak
land are the organized "jobs" forever
being put up by the hoade of men who al
ways smoke cigars and derive a comfort
able living from "politic?. 1 ' Under Pardee
and the reform movement of his time
these elements of disturbance were deci
mated, but now they seem to be on the
increase again. Tnese are the men who
are constantly demanding the "ousting"
and "impeachment" of public officials
whom they cannot use.
The ladies of Oakland are to issue the
Washington Birthday edition of the En
quirer, and as it is the first venture of its
kind ever attempted in this city there is
much speculation as to the result. There
was a meeting of the editresses two days
ago and about ten ladies were present.
All were understood to be pledged to se
crecy yet some of the doings of the fem
inine sanctum have leaked out and prove
that although there is an "Alameda County
Writers' Association" this does not imply
that there is a corps of newspaper-women
on this Bide of the bay. The conference
also developed the fact that there is more
than a trifle of vanity among certain
scribes of the gentler sex. The mysteries
of the "detail-book" were explored, and it
was somewhat of a surprise to the ladies
to learn that some one would have to visit
the prison and jail; another must camp at
the receiving hospital; a couple must at
tend the parade, but would have to ignore
the banquet so as to get in "early copy."
This was rather unromantic, and at this
stage of newspaper manufacturing one
laay proposed that there should be a
modest little article on the '-Women
Writers of Oakland." This motion was
amended so as to read "the women report
ers of Oakland." Then the fun began and
the feathers to demi-volt on the top of in
dignant heads. Who were the writers?
Who were the reporters? The question
could not be answered and Mrs. S. C. Bor
land, the cool-headed editor-in-chief, said
that the detail of writing a mutual admi
ration article would be held in abeyance,
but did not use this exact language. A
liberal estimate of the active woman re
porters in Oakland who do not work across
the bay would be one and a half.
In the earlier part of the week some phil
anthropists, who were more sympathetic
than practical, started a movement for the
benefit of "a vetern journalist" of this
City. Everybody in Oakland knew that
although the poverty of the man was not
overstated the part relating to worthi
ness had to be taken ciJm grano salis.
however, money began to come in and the
prospects for a good-sized fund were very
bright. A local editor temporarily bandied
the fund, and now he regrets it. Last
Thursday night the ben&ficiary was found
in the lower part of town, and was taken
in the patrol-wauon to the City Hall,
where the charge that is marked with a
rubber-stamp was placed against his name.
Ihe Judge next mornine imposed the
usual fine for an old offender, and when in
the dock the prisoner made a novel plea.
Jde said, Your Honor, a man down town
has some money of mine, and it you give
me time I will go and get enough to pay
my fine."
He went to the editor, used some strong
language, made some threats, and when
he left the man who had been his truest
friend sat down and wrote a new definition
of the word ingratitude. S. W. B.
Alameda's Proposed Library Building.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 2.— The proposi
tion to form an association of public-spir
ited citizens to erect a public-library build
ing, at a cost approximating $25,000, has
by no means been abandoned, but is being
perfected by those having it in charge and
the prospectus will soon be given to the
public, so it is stated. The organization
will bft actuated largely, if not entirely,
from a nublic spirit and a desire to see
the library properly und adequately housed
in a structure that will not only meet all
the requirements but that will be a credit
and ornament to the city and evince the
public spirit and good taste of its people.
It is not proposed that anybody shall
give money to the fund for the erect ion of
the building. They are simply to loan
money at a low rate of interest — probahly
5 per cent — to be raid back in one, two
and three years. The city can very well
bear the burden of the improvement if it
is spread over three years, but it cannot
stand it in any single year, and to issue
bonds is a tedious and expensive process.
The city cannot specifically be bound to
repay the private association if it shall
erect the building, but public sentiment is
in favor of the step, and a majority of the
present Municipal Board will hold for
three years, and are in accord with the
movement, so that there could be little
risk on that score.
In the New City Hall.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 2. — The City
Trustees will hold their first meeting in
the new City Hall to-morrow evening.
The new Council chambers are large and
handsomely furnished, and are a bis im
provement over the old meeting-place.
AmonK the matters which will come up
for action to-morrow evening will be the
awarding of contracts for the addition to
the municipal electric-light station, in
cluding a building, engine and boilers.
Engagement Announced.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 2.— The engage
ment is announced of Miss Emma Boeh
nier of this city to Charles Logan of Oak
land. Miss Boehmer is the youngest
daughter of Fritz Boehmer, a" pioneer
merchant of Alameda. The wedding will
take place on the 15th inst. at the home
of the bride's father on Central avenue.
The New City Prison.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 2. — The new
City Prison had two occupants yesterday.
They were S. L. Teterson and Frank
KeLev, charged with having burglarized
the ship Frosper, now lying at Alauieda
mole. - ■
THEATERS ARE LIKE BOOKS
Clean Plays of Histrionic Ability
Will Tend to Elevate
the Mind.
Keen Discrimination Is Necessary As
in All Other Things Affecting
Human Morals.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 2. f
Rev. Philip Graif spoke on "The Thea
ter" to-night at the First Baptist Church.
He said :
Do the prudential ethics of Christianity
taboo the playhouse altogether, or is there a
safe, iviie, golden mean of discrimination ?
3lere austere Puritanism is r.esieuof strength,
nor is contempt or narrow restrietivenets an
answer to fair logic.
Of course, ii the drama is Inherently bad, !
the sooner its obscene lips are siienccu and its
transparently veiled nudities are decently
draped the better, but if It is constitutionally
grounded in human nature the quicker we
give our aid to refine and elevate its art and
literature the more valuable will it become as
a moral vehicle for the culture of humanity.
>o doubt the trashy, flesh-tinted stuff that
has too often glittered and pirouetted and
bawled across the stage, along with certain J
green-room scandals and other noisome things,
have made a large body of the Christian pub
lic look askance at the theatre and light shy of
its seductions and its fig-leaf tendencies of
wardrobe. Rightly used, the playhouse might
be made a handmaid of religion, and instead
of a hotbed of vice or illicit sensation, might
be converted into something of a Dorcb. of
ethical philosophy or a fcchool of virtue.
If of old Christian truth was often dramati
cally represented by a series of passion plays
in the churches, why should histrionic genius
if used for lofty purposes be frowned upon or
stigmatized? Really our law of action should*
be to conserve the good and spew out the evil,
or, in other word ■■, to transform the smirched
and leper-spotted into a healthy ministry of
pure, unalloyed happiness and progress. Kvcn
Christ himself did not disdain to create hi*
parables, which in many respects were mas
terly and exquisite little pocket dramas, illus
trating heavenly principle.-: by all the fascina
tion and spell of earthly incident and adven
ture.
It is not figuring at haphazard to say that
the world's greatest seven masterpieces of the
drama are deep studies of conscience and duty
and make .strict obedience to the oracles of the
skies their holy dominant note.
But stiil tliis broad recognition of the essen
tial dramatic element in nature and life does
not blur the moralist's keen-eyed vision as to
the hurts and harms oJ indiscriminate theater
going.
Though recreation is at times an iron neces
sity it is questionable whether the average
footiight flashes of the day afford our youth a
safe or wholesome form o? entertainment. In
moral discipline it is better to be a little too
strict than to be a trifio too flabbily lnx. In
short, whatever tends to purify motive, stimu
late noble impulses or exalt mr.nhood or glorify
humanity, promote and champion that; but
wnatever nres unholy passions, lowers the
moral tone or devitalizes piety, that either ab
hor and shun, or, better still, by God's grace
try to convert from a demon of sin and error
into an angel of light and goodness.
THE SUNDAY BALLOONS.
One Ascent Wag Not Made, the Other
Followed by an Accident.
The fates have been against Mile. Viola,
"the Empress of the air," for the first time
she attempted to make an ascent from the
Haight-street grounds she fell. The sec
ond time she was announced to rise sky
ward the rain came down in torrents. Yes
terday when her balloon was about in
flated it caught fire and the ascent had to
be postponed. She was offered another
balloon, but as it was as full of holes as a
porous plaster she declined to use it.
Another balloonatic, Otto Burke, volun
teered to make an ascent, so the bag was
filled and when it was cut loose he rose
about five hundred feet and as he was
crossing the chute lake it commenced to
sink. Burke cut loose, expecting to come
down in the lake, but the parachute did
not open fast enough and he was carried a
little beyond it and in descending struck
against the fence, injuring his left arm and
letr.
There has been considerable jealousy
among those who go up in the air, and it
was reported on the grounds yesterday
that there had been some jobbery to pre
vent Miss Viola from making the ascent
and that the burning of the balloon was
not an accident pure and simple.
How He Walked.
A new schoolmaster in one of the small
schools near ShetlieJd was endeavoring to
make clear to his young pupils' minds the
moaning of the word "slowly."
He walked across the room in the
manner the word indicated.
"Now, children, tell me how I walked."
One little fellow, who sat near the front
of the room, almost paralyzed him by
blurting out:
"Bow-legged."— Spare Moments.
There is but one factory in Japan where
leather shoes are made. The natives, ex
cept about the court, wear saudals of straw
or wood.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3. 1896.
OPIUM DEN IN THE HILLS
The Lad Who Discovered It Was
Threatened With Death hy
a Fiend.
ONE OF ITS NUMBER KILLED.
Located Near the Baptist College and
Just Outside the Limits of
the City.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. 2. [
A yonng man who delivers goods for an
East Oakland grocer bad an experience a
few days ago that he will not soon forget.
He was taking goods as usual to a/house
located in the hilly region where Thirty
sixth and Commerce streets cross. He
has always been met at the door by one
of the occupants, but on the last occasion
his knock was unheeded and he walked in
and deposited his goods on the floor.
To his great surprise he found that the
house was an opium joint, fitted up with
bunks, and in nearly every one of them
was an occupant either smoking or asleep.
No sooner had he looked around than one
of the fellows rushed toward him and
pushed him to the door. He told the lad
that if ever he told any one of what he had
seen he would probably be found some
morning dead. He took himself away as
fast as possible and has not been near the
place since.
The house is an ordinary looking cabin,
but it is frequented by a very hard set.
Amonjr those who frequented it was
Thomas Lamb, the desperado who was
shot dead by Officer Andrews while trying
to escape from custody a couple of weeks
apo. His brother still goes there, and an
other habitue is a young fellow well
known to the police named Tye. It is
stated that the mother of one of the boys
owns the place. When its locality was
made known to thi poiice it was stated to
be outside their jurisdiction, as it is just
beyond the city limits.
Now that its existence is known, the
opium joint will doubtless be suppressed,
as it is within a few blocks of the Baptist
California College.
CANNKRY FOR HAYWAKDS.
Big Inducements Are Offered By the
Board of Trade.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 2.— At a special
meeting of the Hay wards Board of Trade
the question of having a cannery located
at that town was discussed.
Mr. Johnson of San Francisco said he
had been delegated to represent certain
capitalists of i?an Francisco who were de
sirous of locating a cannery at Haywarda.
He said he was instructed to attend the
meeting and find out what inducements
the Board of Trade would jniarantee.
Tue committee appointed for that pur
pose stated the inducement offered to Mr.
Schamruel, a canner, was to give him tiie
use of Estudillo Square, Thoy were will
ine to Rive any other responsible party tne
same terms.
Mr. Begier stated that P. E. Bowles, of
Oakland, was authority for tie statement
that Mr. Hicfcmpth. tiie Oakland canner,
had" orders for (Kt.OQO cases of fruit which
he could not fill. Most of the fruit canned
by the Hicknioth Company was grown in
the vicinity of San Leandro. He consid
ered the inducement offered one of the
very oest. The general opinion was that
it would be well for the parties desirooa of
starting a cannery to meet the Board of
Trade, and Delegate Johnson undertook
to arrange for such a meeting in the near
future.
LIGHTS OF THE OPERA.
Experiences of Mme. Tavary and
Thea Dorre on a Mcxi-
can Tour.
The Women Were Indignant at Car
men's Wiles— Mascagni Praised
Dorre.
Mme. Marie Baeta Tavary and Mme.
Thea Dorre, the bright particular stars of
IME. THEA DORRE, WITH THE TAVARY GWAND OPERA COMPANY.
the Tavary Opera Company, arrived here
yesterday from Los Angeles, ahead of the
rest of the troupe.
Both prima donnas are in splendid
health and spirits, a happy condition of
things which they attribute largely to their
recent Mexican trip.
They were carried away by the color and
picturesqueness of the al fresco Mexican
life, which, they say, acted as a mental
tonic and an artistic stimulant.
Mme. Tavary, who is an accomplished
painter and sculptor, made an artistic find
at Guadalajara. Some one told her that
there was a wonderful sculptor liv
ing in a little adobe hut outside
the town, and for the joke of the
thing she weiH to visit the self-taught art
ist. "He was only quite a poor country
man,'' she said, in describing ;her visit,
"what in Europe we should call a peasant,
but his work was something marvelous.
With a few touches of his hands on the
clay the likeness besan to appear, and be
fore he had modeled half an hour the head
stood out. an exact image of the person he
wasfrepresenting.
"He colored his work, then fired it, and
when the bust was completed it was a
marvelous reproduction of the sitter. "
"I wish my trunks had arrived. I would
show you some of this poor peasant's
work," said Mme. Tavary convincingly
"My bust is a wonderful likeness, and he
modeled a head of Mr. Payne Clarke, our
tenor, that almost speaks."
Mme. Tavary is full of enthusiasm over
the role of Aida, which" she is to sing to
night. "The make-up for the part takes
me an hour and a hair," she said. "It is
so difficult for a blonde to change herself
into a dark Egyptian, but when the trans
formation lias been made I revel in Aida.
Darre too," continued the prima donna
generously, "she is a magnificent Am
neris. Dorre is an actre?s, and she depicts
the character of a scheming, wijy little
Egyptian to the life."
There is a popular tradition that in
opera companies the rival prima donnas
hate one another, and if they occasionally
speak honeyed words, do so only to con
ceal a sting. But this tradition is all at
sea with regard to the Tavary Opera Com
pany, for its two brightest stars are the
best possible friends and praise one an
other in all sincerity. Tavary and Dorre,
in fact, never say m an thing, and always
play into one another's hands when on the
stage together.
Torre, the witching dark-eyed Carmen,
who made so warm a place for herself in
the affections of San Francisco opera-goers
last season, has returned as handsome and
bewitching as ever. The young prima don
na enjoyed herself in tier own way during
the Mexican tour by riding miles over the
hills and reveling in the picturesque scen
ery and quaint life. She is a splendid
horsewoman and scorns the lowly bike.
Her Carmen was the great attraction of
the season. The gay cavaliers used to send
notes by the score round to the stage door,
beginning "Heaveuly Carmen," and heart
less Carmen used to have many a laugh at
the weird English in which her unknown
admirers penned their admiration.
"It was my first visit to Mexico, and I
found it like Italy and Spain," s-he
said, "all poetry and picturesqueness
and beggars. But the very beggars had
a touch of color in tbeir dress, ora^ay
sarape thrown round their shoulders that
made their rags seem beautiful. I enjoyed
the climate there, just as I revel in the
lovely California sunshine, because it is
my nature to like anything that is tropical
and to hate the cold."
Dorre has played Carmen with brilliant
results in Naples and other parts of Italy,
but she had never tried Prosper Meri
mee's heroine on a Spanish-speaking au
dience till her recent Mexican tour. "You
have no idea how the women resented it,"
she said, laughing mischievously; "some
of them fairly made faces. at me in the
chairs. I took it as a compliment. They
said, 'Our Spanish women are modest,
none of us are so bold as this Dorre makes
Carrcen.' They did not nnder.-tand that
the Carmen of Merimee was like Topsy,
'she just gfowed,' and was net a type of
any particular country."
It ia very probable that Mme. Dorre will
go to London next spring to sing Carmen
and Santuzza at Covent Garden. In
New York her Curmen was spoken of
by the critics as sharing the palm with
Calves, and in Milan, where she had the
benefit of some private coaching from
Mascagni in interpreting Santuzza, the
composer of "Cavalleria R'usticana" called
her an ideal exponent of his passionate
Sicilian heroine.
MANY WOMEN 'SINGERS.
Flourishing First Meeting of the New
College Settlement .Movement Held
in tho Broadway School.
The new vocal society known as the
Woman's Singing Class of 1896 met at
the Broadway Grammar School yesterday
afternoon for its first practice.
An attendance and enrollment of ninety
six persons attest the general and active
interest already awakened in the move
ment that was inaugurated only ten days
ago by Miss Jean Parker, principal of the
Broadway Grammar School, and Mrs. C.
L. Uonestell.
The object of the class is to furnish all
lovers of vocal music an opportunity to
come together for an hour ever Sunday
afternoon and practice upon the composi
tion of the masters. It is a gratuitous
attempt to foster the love of music, par
ticularly among those who are too much
occupied through the week to devote the
time necessary to continue and improve
the knowledge of pinging they may have
acquired earlier. The by-laws require a
payment of 5 cents at each meeting, the
proceeds bein« devoted to the preparation
of the sheet music and to the janitresB 7
fee, which are tlie only expenses. Any
surplus that may accrue will be devoted
to the purchase of wall charts to sin? from.
Yesterday's practice was upon "Like as
a Father," taken from oueot the oratorios.
Mrs. Bonestell, the director of the class,
conducted the voices and Miss Elsie Wade
acted as pianist.
In an address to the regular chorus drill
Miss Parker, the president, said:
"Mrs. Bonestell and I are very desirons
of seeing more older people interested in
this hour, from 3 to 4 o'clock, on Sunday
afternoon. We want the mothers and
more of the older sifters to take part. No
matter if they do not know a thing about
music; let them come at 2:45 o'clock and
they will be given a little preliminary
practice each Sunday, so that they can
easily fall in with the others."
The rules of the class say that the mem
bers must be at least 15 years of age. At
yesterday's meeting there were perhaps a
dozen matrons, but the majority of the
singers were girls.
Cleopatra's Needle, on the Thames Em
bankment, weighs 186 tons 739 pounds and
is (38 feet by 2 inches high.
A CLEVER SCHEME FOILED
Discovery of a Hidden Wire Pass
ing Into Ingleside Race
Course.
GLOOM IN THE POOLROOMS.
An Expose That Shows the Keepers of
These Dens Will Resort to
Any Means.
Perhaps the downtown poolrooms will
not get the results of the Ingleside races
so readily as they are at present boa3tine
that they will do. One of iheir latest and
most ingenious attempts at beating the
management was yesterday effectually
nipped in the bud.
The keepers ot the downtown poolroom
"joints" have been strutting about of late
with a consequential air, that would indi
cate they had somethiu ; "up their sleeves."
The various dens about town are now in
the enjoyment of splendid telegraphic
service. A wire leased from the California
Jockey Club that runs to San Jose gives
them the full results of the races at the
Bay District track. It will be remem
bered that daring the last racing period
at Ingleside track the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club folks learned that the poolrooms were
getting the results of their race 9 by having
them wired from the interior towns where
poolrooms were running.
To obviate this, the Jockey Club leased
RUPERT SCIIMID'S BUST OF COLONEL CUOYXSKI.
the wire from the telegr aph company, and
the interior rooms were obliged to cl ose
up shop.
Now, this was a serious blow to the City
"commission plan." Their crafty pro
prietors held a council of war. It was de
cided to invade the enemy's camp. Many
clever devices were resorted to for obtain
ing; the results of the different events run
off. Men inside the grounds signaled to
confederates on the surrounding hills,
women passed out through the gates with
the desired information secreted about
their person, carrier pigeons were called
into requisition, and in one instance a
wire of the Postal Telegraph Company
was tapped. The latter occurrence, how
ever, it is said, was with the full Knowl
edge of the local management.
But the Ingleside people were not slum
bering and the different clever plans were
after one or two recurrences frustrated.
Nonplused and in despair the owners of
the smaller joints quit the business, while
the bij dens temporarily suspended, await
iner the reopening of the Bay District.
Next Thursday Ingleside "track will re
open for the spelL^f two weeks' running.
Once repulsed amvin desperate straits the
men engaged in the nefarious poolroom
traffic resolved to eet the required infor
mation at all hazards.
Men whose past records were shrouded
in darkne-s were called into requisition
and asked to submit plans. At last one
was hit upon, and that is the reason the
keepers of three downtown holes have
been telling their dupes "we will get the
Ingteside races."
For some time the management of the
new track has been cognizant of the fact
that an underground wire bad been run
into the track, and yesterday the story
leaked out. Fearing "something of this
sort, the Pacific Coast Jockey Club has
had in its employ for some time a skilled
electrician, whose duty it was to inspect
the buildings for hidden wires.
Not many day's ago the inspector
became aware of the fa"ct that there was
"something in the air," and veiy soon he
mads a startling discovery. Entering the
grand stand below the arched passage-way
was an underground wire that had its
egress in the toilet-room, which is located
at one end of the betting ring. In three
different locations in the room, cunningly
concealed, well out of the range of the
human eye, were stations to be operated
upon the push-button principle. The worJr
was that of an expert, showing that the
Rtealthy han.t whose labor had been for
naught, was old in experience.
The course of the wire was then followed.
In one instance the long iron rod extend
ing between the hitching posts was util
ized as a conductor. '1 he wire then passed
along under the ground, making its exit
under the fence at a point south of the
main entrance. Just before passing under
the fence was a fourth station that could
be used if the operator thought himself
watched at the other points. Out
side of the race course the wire followed
along the fences and trees for some dis
tance. Connection with a main wire had
not yet been made.
This expose only shows to the public
what the men engaged in this illegal pool
selling business will resort to. Time and
again their many sharp practices have
been shown up in print, yet still they
thrive and appeal for a law licensing their
business. Had the California Jockey Club
mU forth the same commendable efforts to
prevent the ruinous dens from getting the
results as did the new racing organization
there would be no need of calling upon the
police to close the illegal resorts up, nor of
enacting any new prohibitory measure, for
these parasites, that threaten this grand
sport with destruction, take the hard
earned pennies of the newsboys and fill
the prisons with felons, would have to
close their doors for lack of support.
He Once Owned the Site of Johannesburg
It is a curious commentary upon the in
stability of human affairs that the former
owner of the entire city of Johannesburg
now lies a confirmed invalid in the work
house infirmary of the quaint old market
town of Guildford in Surrey. The old man
seems to have had a most remarkable
career. He was in the service of the East
India Company, fought in the Crimea,
was seriously wounded at Sebastopol, and
afterward passed through the Indian
mutiny. He then went to South Africa,
where he fought against the Zulus and tb«=t
Boers before the Transvaal was made ove^'
to them. He bought for £350, his accumu
lated savings, over 15,000 acres of land
near the source of the Limpopo, where ho
made up his mind to ultimately settle, but
war broke out, he took up arms against
the Boers, and formed one of the party
who held Pretoria against them. In 1880,
when the republic was declared, he refused
service under President Krneger, and the
consequence was that his land, upon
a portion of which the Transvaal city of
Johannesburg now stands, was forfeited.
Thus tne old man who lies-dying without
a penny in the world just escaped being
"rich beyond the dreams of avarice." —
Philadelphia Public Ledger.
THE CALIFORNIA ADONIS
Rupert Schmid Says He Has
Modeled the Handsomest
Man Here.
It Is Colonel Herbert Choynski, Who
Is an Aid-de.Camp to Governor
"Jim " Budd.
Rupert Schmid, the sculptor, is tired of
seeing people wait till they are dead be-
fore they have portrait busts modeled.
He has long been keeping his eyes open
for a perfect specimen of manly beauty, in
order to catch it while voting, model his
specimen and place it beside the most de
crepit old bust he can find and say, "Look
on that picture and on this," when people
urge that they-would rather wait till they
are dead to be modeled.
To Mr. Schmid's great joy, he found his
ideal type of manliness recently in Herbert
Cboynski, a young Californian guardsman
who is aid-de-carup to Governor Budd.
After expending much eloquence in point
ing out how much better he looks now
than he will fifty years hence, the sculp
tor succeeded in persuading Colonel
NEW TO-DAY.
! SIGNATURE "^^^^
• SIGNATURE '
\ ■:.:■;:,' (^<^ ' printed in '
! BLUE, diagonally y^f&s *%&- :: -
I across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
[: The Original and Genuine WORCEStERSHIRE, as a further pro-
f tection against all imitations.
» Agent* for the United State,, JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. V
®^©'^©^©^©^©'^©^y©^©'^^©'^>©^^>©'<^©'^-©'4>^'t^'«^
_____2_L_^i_:__^ii__^2 .— :'■'•'' ■' ■"' •■■■-.-■,•■'■■■ -.'■■■ .-%:_:■
IWi^^IAPIHQOD I WSkfc.i#Vlta]izer,theurescrip.
Sfe»>^-<>-J J»s*^ -— k.. J ' , . IW T* B •»»»»*• VkkCß A#Vltalizer,the prescrip-
mW. <"5r pT mM Sv 0 tion °* a tf mousir cr h physician, will qotcldy cure you all ner-
-1 V\\ jt \ / \*S '\T vons or diseases of the gentrativo orgauj, such as i Lost ManhnSi
9-S i^SJ \- j«i«j I^°m n K^ nBtatheßnck Se^ nal £m&rons,NenrousDebllUy
■ H \#^fe 'Tt r Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exlianstiug^ Drains aiS :
T V V^ Constitution. 1 1 8toi;» all losses by day or night PrS?SS qnteic-
■ I V-/ ; \^«^/ « .of' _which Unotchecked leads to Spermatorrhoja and
BEFORE and AFTER &£% h a^^^^
™" . CITPIDXNI3 ntreTJSthens and restores small weak orjans. ■■ %■■ -f .- -
_^_The reason sufferrrs are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled wltb
PromtamiH. CUPinE>*Els the only known reined/ to euro without operation. Moot>stlmon2
»J*^-A written guarantee (flren and money returned if cix boxes doe 3 not effect a permanentcura
H.ooabox,sixuirss,ooiby mall. Send for rasa circular and testimonials. c " cv *. luia " t - ul - »•«-«»
Address it XV 01,O I, MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street, San f ranelsco, Cal. For Sale by
' ■ BKOOKS' PHAKMAC*. 119 Powell «tre«t
M THOUGHTLESS FOLKS HAVE THE HARDEST
WORK, BUTOUICK WITTED
PEOPLE USE ■.
SAPOLIO
Choynski to po^e, uniform and all, and
the portrait bust which has resulted from
the sittings has filled Rupert Schmid with,
enthusiasm.
"It is so much better to have a young,
live subject," he said yesterday, as he con
templated the manly head of Choynski,
wrought in clay. With malice afore
thought the sculptor had placed his new
work beside the head of an antique million
aire, who waited till he had lost his teeth
and had acquired a triple chin before
making up his mind to go down to
posterity in plastic clay.
"He had lost everything that constitutes
good looks, and should be in the cellar,
where I put njost of the old chromos,"
said the sculptor. "He serves as a foil to
Choynski, though. The face of the colonel
is perfect, thesbapeof the nose, the length
of the chin and of the forehead ! They are
all on «.ireek lines, and if one only models
him just as he is one has a perfect
specimen of a faultless face and head."
Rupert Schmid never tires of extolling
the specimen of manly beauty he has been
so fortunate as to capture in its prime. He
says lie hopes Colonel Choynski'a bust
will teach people not to wait till they are
dead to be modeled. "He is a very bril
liant man, and if tie ever becomes Gover
nor of the State or President of the repub
lic I shall become famous through this
bust," said Rupert Schmid. "Look at a
man likeGrover Cleveland," he continued.
"There 13 no great gratification in model
ing him now; his face has run to flesh.
But if Grover bad bad the good sense to
foresee that he would beoome famous and
had been modeled while he was yet young,
the sculptor who did the work would hay«
shone with a reflected glory."
DR. DILLE ON POOLROOMS
He Utters Strong Words Against the
Proposal to License That Form
of Gambling.
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille of the Central Meth
odist Church delivered a scathing sermon
last evening on the "The Latest Infamy,
the Proposal to License Gambling."
The preacher introduced his subject by
saying that the gambling instinct was
almost the strongest in human nature,
tiiat it lies dormant in every man's heart,
and that when awakened it entirely en
slaves and rriins its follower.
"When this fire burns in a man's heart,"
said the speaker, "it leaves nothing beau
tiful in his nature. Gambling in its
essence is theft; it is on the same plane as
picking pockets. The community which
tolerates gambling can have no morality
in its social circles and no integrity in its
commercial circles.
"I wish the parents of this City would
teach their children that to drop a nickel
in one of these infernal nickel-in-tbe-slot
machines is gambling, and to put money
in that fool trap, the Louisiana lottery, ia
gambling.
"There is one form of gambling that has
become dominant in our City — that is
racetrack gambling. The unclean birds of
heaven and earth gorge themselves at the
racetrack.
"A good 'starter' is paid a higher salary
than a Judge on the Supreme Bench.
"This species of gambling surpasses as a
crime-breeder even the Louisiana lottery.
There is nothing which holds up so many
inducements to young men to gamble
with their employers' money as the pool
rooms.
"These gambling institutions have been
driven out of nearly every Eastern city,
and now, following the lines of the least
resistance, they have come to the wild and
woolly West. And now a Supervisor has
come forward with a resolution to saddle
this baneful evil on our fair City. There
could be no greater outrage than this. It
seems to me that San Francisco has suf
fered enough already without this new
blot on its escutcheon.
"Does it follow that we Bhould license
poolselling because it cannot be sup
pressed? Because we cannot suppress the
devil, should we license him and give to
him all the traffic can bear?
"Shall we say that we will stand by and
aid you while you succeed in the ruin of
our sona and bring their mothers to a
grave of sorrow ?
"Poolrooms can be suppressed as well
as thievery or opium-smoking. Even if
these be carried on in secret, still they are
not publicly sanctioned and have not such
debauching influence on the young."
University Lectures on Journalism.
The Catholic university of Lille has «•
cently attached to its law faculty a depart
ment devoted to political and social
sciences, in which courses in industrial
legislation, and above all in the legislation
relating to the press, are serionsfy given.
The university, it would seem, hits wisued
to emulate certain universities of the
United States in bringing modern journal
ism into the still air of academic studies.
This year it is one of the best known
writers on the Catholic Unlvers, M. Taver
nier, who has been asked to give the course
of lectures on the theory and practice of
the journalist's art. Naturally, M. Taver
nier seeks, particularly In French journal
ism, matter for illustration, and the facts
upon which he bases his philosophic In
i ductions. But a portion of his lectures is
i to be devoted to journalism in England
and the United States. — Westminster Ga
zette.
There are folly 100 former priests in the
ranks of the cab-driver 3 of Paris.
1112
A CASTLE ON TAMALPAIS
Ideas About the New Meteor
ological Observatory That
May Rise.
SOON TO ASK SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Messrs. Hammon and McAdie Meeting
Encouragement and Pushing
the Project.
There will be a noted, picturesque and
very important meteorological observa
tory on the sunmiit of Tamalpais if the
forecast of W. H. Hamrnon and A. G. Mc-
Adie to that effect be at all reliable.
These two weather sharps have seized
on the idea with great enthusia m, and
during the last few weeks they have
nursed and stimulated the project, and
won support for it until they feel con
fident of winning a scientific and philan
thropic triumph. Mr. McAdie is espe
cially enthusiastic and confident, and there
are some men with lots of money who will
hear Mr. McAdie talk about it in their
private oftices pretty soon.
The idea is a very recent one, but the
ground lias been gone over, the cost esti-
The Bine Hill Meteorological Observatory Which Mr. McAdie Wants Duplicated for
Tamalpais. *
mated at about $25,000, and it is Mr. llc-
Adie's idea that when the building is put
up on the peak it ought to be about such a
picturesque and convenient structure as
that of t c Blue Hill meteorological ob
servatory of Boston, built and equipped
by the wealthy Lawrence Roach at a cost
of about $25,000, and which is now the
only meteorological observatory in the
United States, since the Government ones
on Pikes Peak and Mount "Washington
have been di|continued.
The building for the Blue Hill observa-
Tory was designed by a noted firm of
Boston architects, and is a small stone
castie in its design. Such a structure
roughly built of stone quarried on the
mountain would be s fitting crown to the
peak which is soon to become a popular
resort through the building of an electric
railway.
But the design for the building is, of
course, an incidental thing. It is the
scientific and tbe practical work that
might be done there that makes the
project an important one. A meteorologi
cal observatory is much more than a
weather bureau observing station, though
this one would serve that and other
practical purposes too. If the observatory
were running now enthusiastic young
scientists would be counting with pre
cision the dust particles in the air and
figuring out their relation to fogs and
raii»s. They would be measuring the
electricity of the air, measuring halos and
sending up kites and balloons withjall sorts
of self-registering instruments which
would show how warm, humid, dense and
so on the air is at various heights and un
der various conditions.
Then there are the direct and practical
reasons for establishing such an observa
tory. It would be the most valuable
weather station in the State, because it
would be above the influences of topog-
raphy on the wind and other features of
the weather, and its reports would helD
out the forecaster immensely.
Recently W. H. hammon has read sci- !
entific papers before the California Science '
Association^ and the Astronomical Society,
and the warm interest of many local scien
tific men has been enlisted. Professor
George Davidson is enthusiastic in its I
favor, and interest has been expressed by a
number of university professors and
others. It is the encouragement so far re
ceived that has made Messrs. Hammon
and McAdie so hopeful. One subscription
has been received unsolicited.
It will take about $25,000 to build and
equiD the observatory, and this amount is
60 small, compared with the enterprise,
that subscriptions from rich people inijer- I
ested in science and education are con- I
fidentiy counted on to make up that sum. j
In 1884 the people of Edinburgh sub
scrib d $2.=>,000 for a similar observatory on
the summit of Ben Nevis, right in the
path of most of the storms that strike i
Scotland and England. The Ben Nevis j
meteorological observatory has proved its j
immense value and it has become famous. |
If built and equipped the observatory |
would either pass to ttie control and cheap
maintenance of the State or the Stanford
University or to an independent body of
trustees. The Chamber of Commerce will !
soon be asked to indorse the enterprise. I
Here is a chance for some millionaire j
wanting a monument to make a big invest- |
ment with only $25,000.
RELIGIOUS THOUGHT AND PROGRESS
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Throughout the Land.
Following is a summary of the principal
seimons recently delivered in the United
States and Canada by the leading clergy
men, priests, prelates, religious teachers
and professors of the Christian faith. In
every instance the full text has been care
fully read and abbreviated:
SI'XDAY OBSERVANCE.
By upholding the saeredness of the Sabbath
we are advancing the Holy Father's work in
bringing about Christian unity the world
over.— Rev. Father Malone, Catholic, Brooklyn,
RELIGIOUS DUTY.
The three greatest things on earth to do are
to save a man, or save a woman, or save a
child.— Rev. T. de Witt Talniage, Presbyterian i
Washington, D. C. I
CONSCIENCE.
Imagine the terrors of an aroused conscience I
the fearful reckoning that comes when sin is'
Illuminated by the searchlight of an awakened
memory.— Rev. L. A. Bunks, Methodist, Brook- '
lyn, N. V.
U.VITARIANISM. .
Unitarianism represents no violent disrup
tion. It is the growing of new ideas out of the
old. It is the practice of an evolution, not a
revolution.— Rev. Samuel A. Elliot, Unitarian, I
Brooklyn, K. Y.
FAIT IT.
Ine time has come when a man must be I
rendy to show reasons for the faith that is in i
him if he expects others to accept it.— Rev. Dr.
MacAfee, Methodist, Columbus, Ohio.
THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
The star of hope for the Nation rests over the
echoolhou.se, A school is a fort, a library, an
arsenal. Never since the world began lias
such au opportunity been given any lad as the
one given Young America standing on the
step of the free school, nib brow shaded by
I the American flag, every stripe white with
peace and crimson with the warmth of kin
dred, and every star ablaze with hope.— Rev.
D. F. Fox, Congregationalism Chicago, 111.
COWARDICE.
The biggest coward is not always the man
who refuses to fight. It takes more courage
sometimes to turn away from a brawl than to
plunge into it.— Rev. Washington Gladden,
Congregationalist, Columbus, Ohio.
Generalization.
The grandest generalization that the human
mind has reached is God. Evolution is only a
part. We are going on and on untH the will of
God is reached.— Rev. Samuel R. Calthorp,
Syracuse, N. Y.
SAJXK>NB.
I believe that every right-minded man and
woman will say that the saloon is a curse, and
that the American people will not rest until
the great evil is eriulicated.— Rev. Dr. Dalton,
Congregationalist, Portland, Me.
MURDERERS.
What will become of the repentant murderer
after death? He will be made a good man by
the grace of God in the long ages of hi immor
tal life.— Rev. Charles R. East, Uiiiversalist,
Kansas City, Mo.
POWER OF THE CHURCH.
In the face of all this war clamor, what good
your parliaments of religion and your conven
tions, your cathedrals and your chapels, your
Sirayer-booksand your hymnals'?— Rev. Charles
'. Little, Methodist, Chicago, 111.
WAR AND PEACE.
The militant armaments of modern nations
excel those of any previous period in human
history; and the very power and effectiveness
of the modern enginery of war is a powerful
factor in assuring peace. — Rev. L. G. Jones,
Brooklyn, N. Y.
CHARACTER.
Character only can develop character. No
child in that formative period of its life ought
to be brought under either the conscious or
unconscious influence of a teacher whose
moral character is not above suspicion.— Rev.
W. H. Moore, Presbyterian, Doylestown, Pa.
TRUE RELIUIOK.
What religion is intended for is to humanize
us, to harmonize us, not on ceremonies per
formed in churches and houses of prayer, but
inhuman propensities; not in worship, but
in manner and dealing with one another. —
Rabbi L. Weiss, Hebrew, Columbus. Ohio.
CHURCH WORK.
Bringing men into the church is one thing;
training, disciplining and cultivating them
for great spiritual work is quite another. It is
one thing to quarry the marble; it is quite an
other to bring out with tender touches the
image.— Rev. Dr. Williamson, Methodist, At
lanta, Ga. *
CITY CHURCHES.
Cities should be the centers of all moral and
religious forces. In the cities we should have
our strongest churches— not only strong nu
merically, but strong also in faith, in love, in
zeal; strong in all the elements of Christian
character.— Rev. Creighton Wones, Cincinnati.
Ohio.
MONOPOLY.
A sign of the times is the unprecedented ac- j
cumulation of money, land and other property
in the hands of a few. There is no practical
reason why a syndicate of men should not own
the world .some day.— Rev. B. Pay Mflls, evan- ;
gelist, New Haven, Conn.
DIVISION.
There is a disease which has for many years
afflicted the church, and wnich some consider
incurable. It is the disease of division. This ;
disease makes the church weak, while just '
now there is special need that the church i
should be stronc.— Rev. Dean Hodges, Episco
palian, Augusta, Me.
DIVORCE.
If all who seek divorce were forbidden under
penalty to marry again, unless the decree was
obtained upon the charge of faithlessness to
the marriage vow, as denned by the Saviour,
nine-tenths of our domestic troubles would
never see the light.— Rev. J. H. O. Smith,
Chicago, 111.
SOCIALISM.
Christendom has bred socialism alone. It
docs not exist in Turkey, Persia or China. It
is a mark of grand elements in the Christian- I
ity of Russia that it has fostered nihilism. '
Christendom brings up good weeds because it ■
has rank soil.— Rev. Nelson Millard, Presby
terian, Rochester, N. Y.
ENVIRONMENT.
Change of environment will not save a man
As with the man who wanted to raise animals
on the red rose bush, it cannot be done. The
man's heart must be changed, not the environ
! ment, In order to secure an entrance to God's
i kingdom.— Rev. John M. Dick, evangelist, Bos
ton, Mass.
FICKNESS AND SIN.
There is no sickness of the body that has not
j its corresponding sickness of the soul. Leprosy
of the body compares to sluggishness of the i
soul, consumption to tepidity of the soul, fever
to avarice, dropsy to pride; epilepsy, the fall- :
ing sickness, to fickleness and inconsistency in
the service of God.— Rev. Father Power, Jesuit,
New Orleans, La.
GENTLENESS.
Gentleness is the only power that can save
men; the law never did, and cannot, save
Prisons and houses of correction do not save
but it is the hand extended through the bars
the kindness and compassion shown. Persistent
kindness, love and gentleness and sympathy
are what claim and lead to a better life in the
end.— Rev. George E. Reed, Methodist, York
Pa. '
THE WAR SCARE.
The long, blnck shadow of war is casting its
: spell over Europe, and to a casual glance it
] would appear that it needs only one touch of
the torch to ignite a powder magazine that
! will shake the civilized world. The two great
| factors in the movement of the day are the
; Kpirft of unrest and the spirit of greed.— Rev
William E. Danforth, Presbyterian, Chicago)
NATIONAL CHARACTER.
| A too commercial spirit characterizes our
I life. It is one thing for a people to possess a
commercial spirit, but quite a different thing
for that same spirit to possess their body and
soul. Commerce and markets are the just
pride and employments of a nation, but they
al^ne will not perpetuate a .state. A great
I state must grow men. Character is the sum-
I mit of a nation.— Hon. Charles J. Neely, Ban-
I tist, Evanston, 111.
REDEMPTION.
No man enn fall so far away from God that
the law of redemption cannot reach him
The individual who has the ability to fall very
low has also the ability to rise Very high if
only turned in the right direction. Some peo-
Ele have no ability lo do either; but no matter
ow dark the sinner's record he may have full
Sardon through the blood of Jesus Christ —
lev. Dr. Northcutt, revivalist, Houston, Tex.
WAR.
This world seems to be one great battlefield
The ages are filled with the groans of the suf- i
ferers. The earth moves onward only to the
music of groans. We speak of peace, but it is
the peace of the future, not of the past. War
fare seems to be the normal state of the world
Plant feeds upon plant, fish upon fish, beast
upon beßst, man ujion man.— Rev. George U.
Combs, Christian church, Kansas City, Mo.
CORRECT LIVING.
Men do not need to be told to repent and be
lieve. But they need more to have preached
to them a gospel of correct living and of hon
est dealing, and of sixteen ounces to the
pound, and twelve inches to the foot, and of
I three feet to the yard, and of obedience to the
j law and of all that belongs therewith. It
• makes a difference what a man believes, but
j vastly more difference how he lives.— Rev. Dr
j Blake, Congregationalist, New London. Conn.
THE PRESS.
We have here no censorship of the press, that
übiquitous, omnivorous, salacious, menda
cious, venal, gossiping, censorious, judgmati
cal, charitable, beneficent, most generous ana
indispensable monster, the champion giants in
all contests, the power which makes and un
makes public opinion, photographs the face of
society and tries beforehand every Government
project and every law in church or state of
j every name and nature under heaven. The
courts in a large sense have come to be simply
the formal lejristers of the decisions of the
public press.— Rev. Dr. Sunderland, Presbyter
ian, Washington, D. C.
CLEVELAND AND ARMENIANS.
The President can hardly be too radical. I
am not sure but he would be warranted in
violating the unwritten law of this Nation
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
that we will not interfere with nations across
the water and nt once serve notice on the Sul
tan that unless he puts a stop to the outrages
we will send au armed force to protect our
felk>w-men. And if we are asked by what au
thority or precedent we do this we will answer,
"By the authority of him who said, 'Do unto
others as ye would that others should do unto
you,' " and, as for a precedent, we will make a
precedent in the name of outraged humanity.
—Rev. Myron \V. Haynes, Baptist, Englewood,
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam,—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:3oo'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
B\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock..
J.OTlCfc i)b MJtKTiJNGSs.
HERM A XN LODG E IN o. I^Tf""^ 7 "
ursiS'.- an A Ai.— Stated *■ meeting THIS Mk.
DAY (Alonday*. February 3, 1896, at 7:30^3f .
o'clock p. m. By order of the \V. M. ~ /^^A
. v .L. SCHUMACHER. Sec. :
JK^ OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. jfc
■fc-J^ anil A. M.— Stated meeting THIS JS\,
(MONDA V) EVENING, February 3, at^V
i 7:30 sharp. KDW, F. DELGER, Sec. r^S
IKS 3 SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER «l
Ur^o" No. 1, "Royal Arch Masons, meets J\
this evening for business. ."' •■ ' ■■■ -"TaLif
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /^\
ES= THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
&-*" of the stockhaldew of the B'nal B'rlth Hall
Association will be held at the office of the associa-
tion, 121 Eddy St., San Francisco. Cal., on the 12th
day of February, 1896, at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors io serve for
th« ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
; JACOB LEVISON. Secretary.
(KjS*- THE. REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
'»-*' of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the company,
327 Market street, San Francisco, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, February 5, 1896, at 11 o'clock
A. M., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come before
the meeting.' J. T. DONAHUE, -ecretary.
SPKCIiI NOTICES).
T S
"g-p^ gloves cleaned. Room 9, 122 Post st.
jP-^v* MISS FRANCES BERNHARD; GENU-
tt-jy. me massage treatment. 17a Sixth St., rm. 1.
»^S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR . $4.
*-*' Collections made, city or country. PaciUc
Collection Co., 415 Momgy st., room 6. Tel. 6680.
JKg 3 MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
Or**? 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
S£^s= - miss PAXTON, manicuring and
Eg--^ chiropodist. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, r. 12.
EtT^= CORNS RKMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
Bp^y Chiropodic Institute, room 11, 908 Market.
jjfcSS* WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
■^ ecrubbe<l; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. c. ROSSI <S CO., 242 Sutter. •
IK^ ROOMS WHITENED. »1 UP; PAPEK-
i*--^ fd S3 50 uo. *817V2 Third. George Hartman.
t»^g= CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
| ar*^. THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
| in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free. . ■
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
T ADIES— CALL AND SEE US OR 'PHONE IP
-U you want a reliable servant. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary st. ,
1 ANISH SECOND GIRL WITH GOOD CITY
1J references wants work. i-'or particulars address
or telephone MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
QCANDINAVIAN GIRL WITH BEST OF CITY
0 references wants cooking and general house-
work. Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Sutter st. .: . • .< ,-..■■■■■..
■VTEAT SCANDINAVIAN GIRL. CAN COOK
->-> well, wants a place in the city or Alameda.
Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st. . -
1 t\fi COMPETENT WOMEN AND GIRLS
1 \J\J awaiting situations of all kinds for the city
or country at MURRAY <fc READY'S Employ-
ment Offices, 634 Clay St.: tel. main 5«48.
11 OR FIRST-CLASS COOKS, LAUNDRESSES
and girls of any description call at LEON AN-
DRU, 315 Stockton st.
\i; ANTEIV-BY GERMAN GIRL, PLACE TO
» ' do general housework or upstairs work. Please
call or addrpss 911 Capp bet. Twenty-fourth
| and Twenty-fifth. ;
XTOTJMU lady WANTS position at
JL shorthand and typewriting: 3 ypars' experience
at commissions and law : city references. A'l-
! dress Stenographer, box 54, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— GERMAN GIRL for COOK. 547
'.» » Howard st- .
yOUNG GEKMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
j -I to do light housework. Apply 31 Vis Boardman
' place, in rear.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN DESIRES SITUA-
Xt tlon; Is good cook; will do light housework;
city or short distance in country: moderate wages.
27V£ Fourth St., over florist's store. :
T,^IRBT-CLASS cook : THOROUGHLY UN-
X I derstands French and German cooping. Apply
1236 j .ii.-i-i St., uear Larkin.
LDHRLY AMERICAN WOMAN WISHES
situation for housework: city or country. Call
20 Ninth St., near Market, room 13.
SW X DISH G I RL W ISHBB 8 ITU ATION TO
do cooking and housework; references; city or
country. Call 965 Howard st.
"qJtXfiiwiLL PAY TO THE PERSON WHO
t]p«Jl/ secures for a widowed sister a position as
jnny.res.-t in any public institution, or Is capable of
taking any responsible nosition, c shier, matron,
| etc. Address Bro., box 37. Call Office. •;
SITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRLS;
general housework; •■ good cooks; $25. 11 Va
Antonio St., off Jones, near Ellis.
G~ irlTis YEARS OLD WOULD LIKE a sit-
uation; light housework and assist. Call 621
Minna st., rear. ' -
\Kr ANTED— POSITION BY A COMPETENT
»» woman to assist in 1 light housework: no ob-
jection to children. Call at 4 ChiTch place, bet,
Greenwich and Lombard, entrance off Dupont. '
ERMAN GIRL DESIRES SITUATION DO
vJ" general housework; just come to the country.
Room 34, Cosmopolitan Hotel.
! I RELIABLE AMERICAN GIRL WISHES A
! JA> situation at second work and sewing or light
housework: wages not less than $15. Apply or
address to 11 Lahgton st.
AKD-WORKING WOMAN WANTS ANY
kind of day work: washing, ironing, cleaning,
or will wash flannels home. MRS. ALLEN, 427
Stevenson St., near Fifth; rear.
IRL WANTS PLACi-) TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
i \SX work or tend childn-n for board aud school-
, ing. Call ■or address : by Wednesday evening
; ANNIE, 121 Sixteenth st. \ - '"*' .
IDDLE-AGEU WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion as cook, or for '■ general housework, or
i ! take care of baby .on the bottle, or an invalid; no
objections to the country. Call 865 ission st. -
"YTOUNG GIRL OFREFINEMENT DESIRES
I J- position. Apply 121 Montgomery st., room 6.
; IRL WANTS TO DO HOUSEWORK; first-
: vJ. clas3 city ftiferences. 613y Hyde st.
SWEDISH GIRL WI-lIKS SITUATION TO DO
general housework In an American family. Call
at 766y 2 Folsom st. ■.. . ■ ■.;* .-..-,•,-
GIRL OK 16 EARS desires a situation
to assist in nousework. . 542 McAllister st.
OTYLISH DRESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGE
O. merits 1 by - the : day; $150 per day; suks made
• home, $4. Address 1703 Jessie, near Eighteenth.
[ POSITION WANTED BY , A RESPECTABLE
. -L girl as waitress in private family. . Apply 627^2
' Lindi-n aye., bet. Hayes and Fell sts." ■ :.'•
; rnHOROUGHLY COMPETKNT DRESSMAKER
. -L on all styl Bof -ladies' and : children's ■ dresses
would like to work In families ut moderate prices;
best, of city references. Call or address 508 Sutter
St., room 6. • ■ :: . .-::"■/..: . ; -'-,■-.
■ "yOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUA
X tion todoeeneral housework, or cooking. Ad-
; dress R. 0., 416 Powell st.
E \\r ANTED -BY COMPETENT 'JERMAN
. . . ' ' lady position as housekeeper or to take care of
■ au invalid lady. Address C. R.. box 82, Call Office.
L "I ADY WISHES PLACE TO DO CHAMBER-
■ Xj work, or as housekeeper. '20y a Stockton, rm. 2.
WANTED— BY AN-KLDEKLY; LADY, SlTU-
■.■•• ation as housekeeper In : American family of
, grown people'; good home more object than wages ;
. j must nave home at once. .Apply room 27a, Fargo
. j House, 105 New Montgomery st., S. F. ;
1 \\r IDOW . WOULD LIKE A POSITION as
■ ■*» housekee er in a lodging-house or assist in
. hotel ; ' city or country; best of references. ' MRS.
I J. H., BIBV3 Greenwich st., city. -;■ ■.>■ . .
• VbUN"OTTADY7' CHEERFUL AND oblig-
X ing, desires a situation as amanuensis or. at- '
tendant s to 'invalid; i.ome greater consideration
. than salary. ■- Address C. 0., box : 121, Call. ' ,:. .
I KM ANT D—iWASHING, IRONING vOR
• "' housecleaning oy the day; also work for one
> by the month at general housework. Call or ad-
E I dress 8 Minna St., in rear. 1 ' r: ,
■ I pOMPETENT, RELIABLE WOMAN , wants
1 \J any Kind of work by the day, washing, ironing
t and housecieaning; city references. V Call or ad-
. dress 1338 Wash! tigton st., In grocery.
'.. rnRUSTWORTHY WOMAN, WANTS WORK
X by day, week or month, housecleaning or wash-
t Ing: has local reference. .Address. 8. H., 222 .Wil-
. low aye., bet. Van Ness aye.' and Franklin Bt. l : .
• WANTED- SITUATION BY CAPABLE MID-
I .*;»»■ die-aged:.* American widow from the East
i as housekv^eper for. widower or bachelor: In hotel
- or private family ; city or country: good cook and
f butter-maker; references exchanged. Call or ad-
t dress Housekeeper, room 12, Ahlborn House. 319
f Grant aye. ;;. ■;--; ■'■'>,■ . - ■'.: v -.- ;■'.-. ; . "■'.-..
3 T>bsiTlON WANTED AS 2 CLERK OR ANY
T. X lisht work: Al : references: salary no object;-
-i city or country. Address "R. : M., 1 care THOMAS
" BLAKK 416 Third at. ': U2 ■ : .: '; I ;•.- ■■- • V:-:\)
I ADY -WISHES -; , POSITION AS - HOUSE-
■i keeper :or ■; sewing by the ' day. ; Apply 137
[ Seventh st., room 1. ,; ■ - :
1 p ENTLKMEN'S MENDING NEATLY- DONE
1 VJ»i room 22, 105 Stockton sU
v_SITr ATIONS WAJiTED-Continned. ;
DESPkCTABLE WIDOW WANTS SITUA-
-Xvtion as working housekeeper: best of refere- ce;
city or conntry. Address 1576 Market st., near
Twelfth.- --.;,:.,: .•.■.■->.,-..;- ... .■•- .-..•■
LDERLY WOMAN WISHES PLACE TO DO
lis;lit housework; for elderly couple preferred.
Address Thirtieth st.. near -Noe^ J ■■:'".:
"PXPERIENCKD lady wants a position
XJ as housekeeper; no objection to country. Ad-
dress 501 Post st.. room 2&, second floor. '■;■ .; - - v-y; •..,■".
pULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CKR-
>-/.: tiricate wishes engagements as I teacher of . his-
tory, literature, mythology, music, . J. E., care of
Sherman, Clay. <fe Co., cor. Sutter and Kearuy sta.
WINCHESTER HO"USE. 44 THIRD ST.; NR.
■J ' Market ; 200 rooms 25c to SI 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week ; convenient aud resi<ectable:
lree bus to and from the ferry. -
yOU.VO LADY, would like a position
X as housekeeper. 203 Powell St.. room (i. ■' - '
: . I! A l lONS W.I ■ iiL» -fllALl;: .
FA RMERS-^WETiAVE IStToFGOOD" MES
waiting for jol : send , us ■ your orders. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary eU . j
' C. Ci. COOK'S SOC. (SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches -.short notice. 4 Geary.'. tel.Grant46. '
UNTKR & c;u., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, ; 17 Webb : st... v below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacrt.mento: ■ tel. 23L'
ChineseTand JAPANESE employment
) office; best help. 414y O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
Japanese EMPLOYMENT office , PRO-
O videa best help. 314b Sutter St.; tel. rant 30.
W ANTED-SITUATION AS BOOKKEEPER,
"• .etc., in plumbing shop or similar business;
long experience in this city: reference furnished.
Address G. E., box 73. Call 'Office.
ANTED— BY a young man, SITUATION
as coachman and gardener; is a good milker;
best city reference. Call or address T. HURLEY,
1238 Folsom st. .■
\| AN THAT IS GOOD HAND WITH THE
■"•I needle wants a position with coatmaker to
learn coatmaking. Address M. T., box 93, Call. •
MAN WA"ntl EMPLOYMENT; WHERE
work is not heavy; some experience at nursing
and store work: city reference. Address Ex, box
104, Call Office. .-■..■■ . -
TJE LI ABLE, FIRST -CLASS COACHMAN.
X\i thoroughly understandine his business, wants
a situation; first-class references, if required. Ad-
dress M. M. B , box 115, Call Office. . .
ANTED— BY A NEAT, STEADY BOY OF
17 years, a steady position. Address N. A.,
box 109, Call Office. .■--■■•'.-• ■■.... -
MIDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS POSITION IN
■ill- small restaurant or hotel, as dishwasher; un-
derstands a little cooking; 4 years last place. Ad-
dress L. L., box 8, Call Office. ■ •
1 RST-CL ASS F R NCH GARDENER
-I wishes a place; good reference. Address A. 8.,
603 Folsom st. ~ '- ■
VOUNO MaN WANTS POSITION WHERE
X he Is able to learn graining or sign-painting.
Please address M. s., box 84, Call Office. ,
AKER FOREMAN: FIRST-CLASS ON
bread, cakes and pastry, wants steady employ-
ment; city or country. 171 Clara s:., near Fifth. .
QITUATION TO make himself
O useful, act as nurse or wait on elderly gentle-
man: reasonable wages expected. Address W.,
box 24, this office.
BY AN INDUSTRIOUS, INTF.LLIOKNT
young man, American, place on a fruit ranch;
Is experienced and capable of filling a responsible
place. Address R. W., box 8, Call Office. Oakland.
DELIABLE YOUNG MAN WITH FIRST-
Xt class references, desiring to take a business
college course, wishes to secure a place to do
chores mornings, noon and evenings for his board
and lodging. Address A. 8., box 63, this office, t
pENTLEMAN WITH PRACTICAL EXPE-
'■X rience in sickness wants position as nur.-io to
take charge of an invalid. Apply to DR. R. F.
MARSHALL. Union Hotel, East Oakland.
SITUATION BY A COLORED BOY OF .17
living with parents; driving for doctor pre-
ferred; has had experience with horses. Address
1502_Fifth St., Oakland. ' ■ :■■■
WILL WORK FOR $15TER MONTH AND
™» found in private family, or any kind of work:
good reference. Address J. L., box 51, this office. ■
1 1 KsT-CLASSBCTLER.WITHGOOD REFER-
P ences, wishes situation. Inquire of Y. M. C. A.,
cor. Maaon and Ellis sts.
QITUATION WAN TED BY A FIRST-CLASS
O Australian butcher. Address or apply C. A.,
535 Tw. ntieth St., Oakland.
TO EUROPE— A THOROUGH, COMPETENT
and qualified nurse would take charge of 1 in-
valid person or act as valet de chambre; best ref-
erences given. Address Nurse, box 3, this office.
FEMAIEHELP WANTED.
wXnTED-3 GERMANr SCANDINAVIAN,
'» English, Scotch ' or North of Ireland nurses,
$25; 3 second girls, $20; 3 German cooks, $25,
$30nnd$:-;5: French maid and seamstress, $20;
Protestant cook, a short distance, no wash, $25;
2 cooks, boarding-house, $30 and $40; waitress
and chambermaid. : $20: and n greet many girls
for rooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 312 Sutter st.
"OEFINED GERMAN SECOND GIRL, $25;
-It seamstress. $20; housework girl, " Oakland, 1
$'25: .-almas, 820; Alameda, $25: San Mateo. $20;
Ban Leandro. «25, and other towns: 20 housework
girls, city. $20 ana $25: (5 young girls. assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton St.
"TJefined elderly WORKING housk-
-Tt keeper, $10, easy place. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st. : .
WKDISH OR GERMAN COOK, $30. MISS
O CULLEN, 105 Stockton St.
ANCH COOK, $25 TO $30, SHORT DlS-
tance; German cook, $30 to $36. good place.
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st. .
p ERMAN OR SCAiNDINAVIAN LAUN-
VT dress, $30: nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st. - ■ ■ .-...; ■ ■. : ■
VKAT SECOND . GIRL, $20. MISS CULLEN,
Xi 105 Stockton st. .;
p ERMAN HOUSEGIRL FOR SAN MATEO,
VI $20, see party here: | young honsegtrl, Berke-
ley. $20; French houseirirl, $20; : German girl to
cook for 2, sleep home, $15, and a number of $12
and $16 housegirls. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary su'
"VTEAT YOUNG HOUSEGIRL WITH REF-
Xl erences, family of 2, $18. C. R. HANSEN <fc
CO., 110 Geary st.
FRENCH NURSE, WITH REFERENCES,
for a child 1 year old totravel; $25 a month
and expenses. C.B. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
\\r ANTED-G ERMAN COOK AND MOUSE-
»» work, small family, $2 ; French nnrse, $20;
German or French chambermaid and waitress,
$25; second girl, $25 : waitress and parlor-maid,
$25; girls for housework and assist, $'20, $15 and
$10. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
p ERMAN COOK, NO WASHING. $25; WAIT-
VX ress. $'20; upstairs girl, German,' $20; nurse-
girl, $16; a number of uir's for housework and
assist. Ml 8 HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
p ERMAN GIRL, $25; IRISH SECOND GIRL,
\J $20: restaurnm helper, $.0; girl, 2ln family,
$20; 10 girls, $15, $20. MME. LEOPOLD, 20
Stockton st. >.^^^sfcgElJE!MatS§aßßßgßESSB^ieiBßi
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL; CHAMBER-
\J work, plain sewing, care grown children; city
references. Forenoon, 2&11 Pacific aye. •'. "
WANTED -A YOUNG GIRL TO~ASSIST
with light housework and baby. Call 530
Jersey st.
ANTED-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE*
work; small family: wages $10. Call at
11021/2 Eddy st. ; , - . ■. . : .;■.
"VroUNG GIRL To HKLP WITH BABY :
X small waßcs:good: sleep home if preferred.
619 Nineteenth st. . . -'
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR . LIGHT
housework; to sleep at home. ; 1627 Post st.
\\ r ANTED— PUPILS TO : LEARN ; THE ART
■»" of cut Ing aud fitting' children's garments;
terms reasonable. 326 Mason st. : ;: . ■;-
p ERMAN COOK AND LAUNDRESS. $25 A
VT. month. : Call between 9 and 12 at 2930 Cali-
fornia st. •'. . '. . ;. '.. ' v •
A NTED— A YOUNG GIRL TO HELP DO
«' housework; wages $10. 700 Post st. ■ . -:
VOUXG GIRL TO MIND BABY. 318 TH IRD
X street. :: . .._ ' "■ ■■ . ; ■..-".. ■■:-■:,;-. ,'-■;■.
ANTED— a . GOOD . chocolate- dipper.
' T , Call at once at SCHAEFER'S, 22 Sixth at: a
Girl" for 3- year-old child; SLEEP AT
home; wages $7. : 1620 Ellis st, , ■■---.-.
■VOUNO GIHL WANTED. TO ASSIST WITH
X child 4 years old | sleep home. 426 c Tehama st.
1^ £W MOrT- LAD Y SOLICITORS: SALARY
X.and commission. U. S. Industrial Agency, 167
Crocker building. /■;■.':;-.-■ .;/■■■■ J ■;■ : .: . '■- "',
ORPHAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE 01-" CHILD;
will have a respectable home. -. 946 Howard st.
\\T ANTED — A DRESSMAKER" AT 671
.'». Twentieth at. : '. : .V ; •.•■/•■ ■" '■■■..-.-';
CUSTOM'shiRT OPERATORS; NONE BUT
/ experienced ones wanted. M. J. KELLER
CO.. Oakland., ■.■•.■;■.--:•,■■;•:.'- .;-^.:: v. v ."' ..:^-
W ANTED — COMPETENT WOMAN WHO
" haa bad business experience. -Address, stating
former experience, to M. I. <& Co., box 49, Call. o
YV ANTED— HUNDREDS OF. LADIES - TO
' » learn to cut their children's clothing: 10 sizes
81; also pupils learu the art of cutting, littin an. l
making: reasonable prices. MRS. R. L. JONES,
dressmaking school, 605 Fell St. ■ - . t :
\\r ANTED— PUPILS FOR MI L INE R V
»» school; class or private: course thorough; sat-
isfaction guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leaven-
worth St. ■:"■'.■.:■:■.:.:■*:,'■'■?;■■ ; - . .!'A-:,.-'- ;-%/.> ,■■■.
\Ki.Ss.MAKING, CUTTING, FITTING, FIN-
XJ ishlng taught; easy to learn; rap.d to use: pat-
terns, up, at McDowell Academy, 213 Powell Bt.
HA I R DRESSING, 25c AND 35c: ■ MORNING
xx and eve classes; 10 lessonB,sl 60. 1248 Mission.
1 - ADIES TO LEARN HAI KDRESSING.MANI-
XJcuring, beauty culture. BUTLE K'S. 131 Post st.
iU r INCHESTER HOUSE, - 44 THIRD, > NEAR
-"; Market— Electric 'lights' in ' very * room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per , night; $1 60 to $6 per
weeic: f»^e bus io and from the ferry. ■: *' ; , -,t?
VY r ANTED— PUPIIiS IN MILLINERY: NEW
. '' t term commences this mo. ' Room 61. 121 Post.'
LAWRENCE v PATTERN , ••.■•, HOUSE— DREK.S-
cutttng school. 1231 Market st..bet. Bth and 9th.
j UiESS-CUTTING: TAUGHT,: U. S. TAILOR
±' system. ;14 McAllister at., rootna 67 and 68.
MOST CON VENI ENT AND HESPECTABLeI
.vv inchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
-00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 t,O to $t> per
week ; free bus to ana irom the ferry. *
MALKHELP WAMJED. . .
\\T ANTED^gTr^ENEr7^ST^RPT^^ASS
»» . butter-maker. $H0; offlce-r^o v: cabinet-maker.
country, 1 $2 50 day; restaurant waiter, $35 : 1 and
others. -Apply to J. F. CROSKTT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. -■••.■>.- :.\ ._.- : - ._- : . .
L) ELLBOY, WITH CITY REFERENCES, $15:
I• -» German sausage-maker, $20. C. R." HANSEN
Co., 110 Geary st.
AN ABOUT PLACE, COUNTRY. $15; . VEG-
etable-gardener, '■ $'/.i) : 2 wood-Choppers and
others. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO. c . : >
O REMAN AKD WIFE FORA RANCH, $45;
-I California 1 experience and references. C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO. ■ , • : , :. - - , ;..• . > -' . "
WANTED— BUTLER FOR FAMILY, CITY,
" $40: cook, "restaurant, $30; waiter for res-
taurant, $30, etc. • 1.. ANDRE, 315 Stockton St.
VIRST-CLASS BARBErT TO LEASE COUN-
-» try hotel shop; lively town; shop making
money. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
BROILTfR, $40, CITY HOTEIT HOTEL
x> GAZEITE, 420 Kearny st.
\\r A NTKD— STEAD V MAN TO LEARN SHOW-
» » card work; employmentgiven; must have S.iO
cash. ■ 9 Geary St., room 2.
,"\/f A .V..WITH SMALL CAPITAL CAN learn
-LA of splendid opportunity, to make money by
calling nt C6smopolitan Hotel, bet. 10 a d 12.
"J^XPEIIIENCED SALESMA ACQUAINTED
XJ Ca ifornla trade; : big commission, Manager,
box 86. Call Office.
TNDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH $40 CASH CAN
X secure steady, profitable yment by ad-
dressing D. H., box 86, this office.
BLACKSMITH'S HELPER ; , ONE THAT IS
accustomed to horseshoeing. 325 Francisco st.
C^OOD JOB C MPOSITOR. PACIFIC PRINT-
» Ing Company. 543 Clay st. •
WANTED— GOOD shoemaker ON sec-
-.' ond-hand shoes: steady; good pay. 258 Third.
W' ANTED— MEN TO PAINT STONEWORK.
Trinity Church, Bush and Gough sts.
OU NG MEN FORSHIPS; SEALERS.DEEP-
X' water and whalers. 228 Pacific st.
VVT NTED — DISHWASHER WHO CAN DO
"*' short-order work. 1809 Halght st. ; call early.
T3ARBER-SHOP. RUNNING 4 CHAIRS; OLD
■*-> established business and room for 10 chairs
price and rent very cheap. 1518 Market ay
1 A A MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR SC;
x\_/v/ clean towel to each; bay rum free; hair cut,
10c; first-class workmen. 14J/2 Montgomery aye.
pOMPETENT MAN TO TAKE A POSITION
\J as station agent out of the State. United States
Industrial Agency. Crocker building.
GOOD SOLICITORS FOR CITY AND COUN-
r try in tailoring. . 1712 Marketst. .
\\r ANTED— MEN TO GO WHALING OR
J» sealing. Apply at L. LEVY'S clothing-store,
E. cor. Jackson and Battery sts. .
SEAMEN FOR EUROPE. CENTRAL AMER-
lea, Australia. 10 steuart St., upstairs.
p ERMAN WIDOW- WANTS A PARTNER IN
VJ good paying business. Apply 215 Stevenson.
TF YOU UNDERSTAND THE ; GROCERY
X business here's a fine chance: store with fixtures;
in good location. For particulars address C. E.
BOWMAN, Adeline and Thirty-fourth sts., Oaklnd.
WANTED— PLACER MINER AS PA KTNBB:
'» pay dtrt from the start. Addrees Miner, box
10, Call Office.
\ EW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
-i-i Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 16c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH ; WELL COOKED; 8
courses, 10c, Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
WHAT CHKER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best In the city- single rooms
20 and 25c a night, 81 a week: meals 10c.
WANTED— FOUR COMMERCIAL TRAVEL-
.■*»■ era tosell all kinds of riding vehicles, scales,
refrigerators and patented articles. 67 Chronicle
building. , ■
AN TO TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
Apply 619 Filbert st.
KOSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
2Ue to 50c night; »1 to $4 week ; open all night.
f\AA MEN TO GET A FINE STILISH, DU-
O\J\J rable calf shoe toorder, s2 50. 959 Howard.
ANTED-MKCHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
» * ers to call if they do not receive their just dues:
law and commercial collections; no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, HOSutter st.
AKBKR TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
DARBERS- FOR employment call skc-
X> re'.arv Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
X> secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238Va O'Farrell st.
■VTEW GRAND, 246 THIRD; ' 200 SUNNY
•lA rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
FOR TH BEST AND CLEANEST 100 MEAL
-J try 13y^ Grant aye.; coffee a specialty. '
ESTPLA' E IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726V5, opp. Howard-st. • Theater, or 129
Sixth St.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
■\[EW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
Xi , 25c up; men's half solea, 40c. 959 Howard st.
AIT ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Bolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, Kill runs Denver - House, 217 Third at. : 150
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
EN TO SELL" MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
Is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
INCHESTER 44 TH IRD NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
i||AiiE.\ to TAKE LODGING at lOC, 15c
1" i\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
EST IN CIT {— SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per nlgu:; SI, SI 25. SI 60 p«r weeic.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts. -
\VT ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
iff) week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 86 Clay st. ■•■-■
ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
steam beer, 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S y -SOLING 50c: LADIE»' 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
IJ ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> inent secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
IpREE BEER— TWO 'SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
1 also a bottl eof lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
AC\(\ MEN'S SECOND-HANDKD SHOES.SOME
rt\J\J nearly new, '/5c to »1 25. 562 Mission at. '
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., 15E- S
low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night: $1 a week...
UST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
ing shoes: call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at balf price; work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission «... bet. First and Second. /
pHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United Slates or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. ■:,-.■..■■ ■- .■..•.--■....■■.■;■■■.-'..
AGENTS WANIED.
I^IRST-CLASS SOLICITORS WANTED BY
. the California Minn 1 Benefit Society; ladies !
and gentlemen;. Bto 9:30 A.M. P. D. RAINE,
superintendent of agents, Murphy building.
O OMETHING-; BH T lEELY NEW FOR
0 agents: ladies and gentlemen can make from
S3 to $10 a day. Apply 11 to 5 p.m., 1129 Howard.
! FURNITURE WANTED
pASH-PRICE pXtD FORiURNIi URE."jX-
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
BSOLUTELY HIGHEST; PRICE, PAID
A second-hand furniture and I carpets 'by l.un.ly
Furniture Co., 813 Market Bt.: call or send postal.
Kttw.i3,\t l'i.l>. "
■^oTNTr^OTpT^wTsH^iTa'Rool^rcoM-
x plete for housekeeping; reasonable. E., box 4,
Call Office. ,'.-S-" ■'■■;- - ;•■■•■■■ . - '.; : '. ■■-■■•
3 OR 4 'FURNISHED" ROOMS; FLAT PRE-
ferred: state rent. Address F., box 17, this office.
WO OR THREE. UNFURNISHED SUNNY
rooms for housekeeping; 10 minutes' walk from
Montgomery and Market sts. : Address Room, box
85, Call Office. ' '■■ - -
r l'lWhKiW 1 k WAMiiL^ ■;.;--,.
moPERTYMVANTE D^^^^lTpßEsK
X. dence bet. Pine, Sacramento, .Pierce and Devis-
adero. at about $10,000. Address P. O. box '-'240.
W .NXED-MISCELLAJiJiOUS.
\A?A NTED-^SIM?LE^OR~^ib UB LE^WAOON
'.'• '» in good order, cheap: with or without harness;
Btate price. ■• R., box 86. Call Office.- :■■., • :*.•.;
ANTED— YOUR WATCH,: IF IT NEED 3
repairing: best work at half. the regular price.
; DEUSS, watchmaker,- 12tt Kearny St., third fioor. ■
ELL -YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JE\v"
elrv to A. KLKI \". 109 Sixtli st.: send postaL ,
I-.".' :.'"-■-.: i LOST. : - ■"
G^^OLD RING, TOPA STON e] second
I st. and Commercial anil Bsttery; liberal re-
, ward. '■ Return to Manhattan saloon, cor. Commer-
cial and Battery sts. .:•. I ; ■•■"'■■ -■ * . i ':i'i. ■':-.
OST— LADY'S PLAIN GOLD WATCH. LIB-
Jferal reward if returned to 718 Seventh st. .
T OST JANUARY^ 30-LIVER AND WHITE
XJ, English setter, answer* to name of Gus. Re-
turn Baldwin Hotel; reward. ■ ' ■..• v
T ARGE f ■•;- CHESTNUT - SORRKL HORSE ;
Xj right hind foot white: slightly sprang in front
knees. Return to 2110 Golden Gate aye.; liberal
re war v •*••!.- ■;;;= ■'r/:'.-j ! x' ' ■ ■■■'?■ ' ■ '■;,/■.•'■■. .--':' 'r ;
T OST— BROWN GORDON AND SPANIEL
XJ dog; short tall: tag: 667. ? Sportsmen's « Protec-
tlve Association; return to 200 Second st.; reward.
JVOST-^CKRI'IFICATK • OF .- DEPOSIT, ,, NO-
J 67400, of the Nevada Bank of Sau Francisco,
dated December : 26, : 1895, for $50 in -' favor *of
MIKE J CI'RRY. Payment of same', has been
stopped, and all persons are warned against , ru-go-
tlating said certificate. > ;' ' ; ;l/ : ".: -•■■-'■ :. : ■:• ,- ;:
j OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE RY
1 J not : getting -. my ' shoes . ■ made : • to r. order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5, 204 l urk St., near Jones.
ONEY, BY- NOT, HAVING ; MY • HOUSE
papered and paluted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging ■ ompanv.' 635 McAllister st. -- : ■ -'-:' .
;■■; : .-' • ;- ; ;v. ";.-;' v:si>: y, : :■: -^--:
T"^oul?l>lsicttlkr^6^oT?R^^prov'e rt v .
'X 1 pay i advertisement., 8. P. , MIDDLETON,' 30
Montgomery st. v ; i. --";.* ■ ■ /■•• ''• ■:■
I^OUND— YOUNG ' AN D -TAN DOG
Call at 1620 Dolores. .': •-■;, - . ;
■ <£> (AA BEST ÜBAKTj BAKeTTy COX-
«4J3 ~X \J\J . nee ted ; b. st busl ness street, north
Market; must sell: retiring from business. STEN-
BKRG CO., 632 Market. ■■.■> ~: ;■
Q 900 p ARTN ER LUNCH PARLO ; R~E"-
«p— vw. ceipts?^s; week's trial. STENBERG
«fc CO., 632 Market st.
•fififtir CIGAR -STORE; NKAR MARKET;
Hp\j\ji>. receipts average; $15; full value ■in
"ock, .fixtures; leaving city. STENBERG CO.,
,032 iiarkei. si. / ' ■ ,
SOOpTIBTiANCH BAKERY, DEL ! CAT
♦i 3— — •1. store: Western Addition: living-rooms;
oew stock; suitable for man and wife. STEN-
BERG & CO., 632 Market st.
TO BUY, BELL OK EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
J- of any kind see STRAND <fc CO., 45 Third at. ,
<SiA.i\(\ PARTNER. IN ■ CORNER SALOON ;
<ip^''\-f. most central' location; clears $100 per
month each. STKAND, 45 Third st. -
<E; 97 X S A LOON M EN, ATTENTION —
*4P— I *J. Saioou, No. 1 location: pays well: ciiean
rent. STRAND <fe CO., 45 Third at. ,
$«• ) 7 GROCERY AND ~ BAR, WITH 4
tptj I O. rooms; full value. STRAND, 45 Third.
Q> O 7 f: RESTAURANT: OPP. CARHOUSE;
<IP^ t -J.-paya welL STRAND. 45 Third st.
OX APARTNER IN"RESTa'u"rANT -.CLEAR
•JPO-JU. $75- month each. STRaND.4S Third st. ;
O;7C A PRODUCE COMMISSION BUSINESS
<JP 1 O\J. in r a leading market,' clearing $125
monthly; trial given; rare chance. JOHNSTON,
26y 3 Kearny Bt. .. .
>£j/«AA RESTAURANT NKAR CARHOUSE
•oDUUv/. and railroad junction; receipts $26 to
$30 dally; a sure , bargain. JOHNSTON, 20%
Kearny Bt. ;
PARTNER WANTED IN OLD ESTABLISH ED ,
A bakery: good for $150 month to each; capital
required $400. JOHNS 1 ON, 26% Kearny st.
'O*G A FINE PAYING SA LOON AND LODG-
«IDU«JI/. ing-house of 18 rooms, bath, etc. ; a sure
bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
\rOTICE— BARRETT & SKIFF HAVK RE-
i-1 move : their real estate office <to 921 Market
St.. opposite .Mason, room 1. See our bargains,
- Gl* laa BRANCH bakery AND CANDY
•© IUU. store. BARRETT <fc SKIFF, 921 Mar
ket - . ;
Qj /I O' BAKERY; FULL VALUE IN STOCK
tlp'i-'-"-'* and fixtures: counter tradeof $15 daily;
No. 1 location; livi g-rooms furnished; must sell.
BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market st.
<flj9 ( ,A SNAP; RESTAURANT; MUST SELL
tJp^''U. at once; present owner 3 years; central
location: good trade; big bu Iness can be done
here. STANLEY. 9 Geary st., room 2.
<a»O-A ASNAP; PARTNER WANTED IM-
WtJOyj. mediately; light manufacturing busi-
ness; worth $800; duties light: short hours; clears
$100 a month ea h: can be doubled. STANLEY,
9 Geary st., room 2. •
<3iA r GROCERY - STORE — GOOD BUSl-
<pttly>. ness; i good location : good stock; great
ttrgain. H. STANLEY, 9 Geary St., room 2.
VTOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
■Xi promptly for cash. H ALY & CO.. 23 Kearny.
Oirl Kft SPLENDID ROUTE; PARTNER
'\PJ-O\J. needed to deliver goods and do collect-
ing; clears $150 per mouth. HEALY, 25 Kearny st,
ffl» O 7 COR. SALOON; NEAR TKRM.Iv US
tfl)O I *J. of railroad; handsomely fltteii up: dolne
good business; call to-aay. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
WHEN YOU ARE DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
» » ers and want to buy or sell your business give
ns a trial. JOHN REIDY & CO., 13% Sixth st.
-<2*l 1 A FINE SALOON; BIG BARGAIN;
•4PX''\J. o er sick: rent $10. REID Y. 13% 6th.
SQAA WRNER GROCERY AND BAR.
-4J3UVI/. with horse and wagon, in best location
in Potrero: good paying business; value in stock.
Inquire 533 California st.. Phoenix Bar.
fijj 9PLA CORNER SALOON IN WHOLESALE
tS>^Kf\f. district; established year; must be sac-
rificed; actual value $800. Inquire 633 California
St., Phoenix Bar. '.
<H? 9^,o CORNER SALOON; MUST SELL; A
— O\J. bargain. CULVER, 906 Market St. -,
iVOUNQ- WOMAN WITH SOME MEANS
X Ji'°. uld like a partner In paying business. Call
at 963 Mission st., room 9, first floor.
Fl NE SALOON \ AND BOARDING-HOUSE
forsale; doing a good business; sickness cause-
no agents. Address 647 noward st.
Cj JA A FIRST-CLASS SALOON FOR SALE;
•jpiUV. stock and fixtures cost $1200: must be
sold to-day ou account of immediate departure.
Apply at Call Office. - - -
AKERY FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF SlCK-
ness; cheap for cash. 1817 Powell st.
GROCERY AND BAR: NEW STOCK; GOOD
VT reason for selling. 223 Fifteenth st.
IN E SALOON: PAYING PLACE; MUST BE
sold at a sacrifice; make offer. ., 309 Third st.
G>;;aaa. bazaar doing business of
*\P*J\JM\J. $11,000 yearly, established 7 years:
half cash, balance easy payments; reference from
leading wholesale ncises; rare opportunity;
every investigation. PIERCE, 22 Kearny st.
RANCH BAKERY AND NOTION STORE:
pleasant furnished rooms; no agents. 44.9
Guerrero st. v
,T)OARDING-HOUSE AND SALOON ON CITY
-L) front for sale cheap : accommodates about 20
Apply to H. HENCKE, 315 Front st.
«Jj»7( A .' WELL-ESTABLISHED DRESSMAK-
«JpI» IV/.1 V/. ing business: Income $125 weekly;
best reasons for selling: full examination afforded.
Address B. S., box 73, this office. ■ ■
AY. GRAIN, WuOD AND COAL BUSl-
ness for sale; in good locality; doing good
trade ; owner having other business cannot attend
to it; this is a genuine bargain. H. G., box 47,
Call Office.
ANTE D-P ARTY WITH SMALL CAPITAL
to take charge of first-class restaurant; a
bonanza for right party. Address 8.. S., box 45,
Haywards, Cal. . :
J^OR" SALE, CHEAP — GROCERY AND
liquors. - Apply 117 Second st.
QTATIONERY, NOTION] TOY. FANCY
O goods, candy, cigar and tobacco store for sale ;
good location; no opposition: also take a reliable
man as partner with about $260; must speak Ger-
man. . D. D., box 66, Call.
TJufCHER-SHOP; GOOD BUSINESS: CHEAP.
X> 1806 Howard st.
NEOF BEST-PAYING MEN'S FUR-
hishlng goods business for sale; best location in
the city: must be sold on account of sickness;
about $4000 required. . Address G. ■ 8., box 32.
k Call Office.
KESTAURANT Al LOCATION; WILL SELL
at a sacrifice; Investigate. LYNCH 935 Market.
ALOON; FIRST-CLASS; NEAR BALDWIN
Hotel ;doing good business. LYNCH.93S Market
ffI«9XA SMALL MUSIC-STORE ANlTviO-
«lp-jUU. lin-maker's outfit; good location; rent
$20; actual value $400; must be sold by March 1 :
owner : leaving, city. Call or address" A. GROS-
JEAN, 307 Grant aye.
Cj/^CA GOOD - PAYING CIGAR - STORE,
€>WV' clubroom and laundry office; fine fix-
tures, large . stock, low rent, good location: estab-
lished several years. Address G. P., box 85, Call.
ELL ESTABLISHED PICTURE AND ART
business for sale; good locality: advantageous
lease. Particulars address E., box 88, Call. •
|,'(IR SALE-STEAM LAUNDRY DOING $300
-L per week: -bargain to the right party. Audress
S., box 5, this office.
ANTED — MANAGEMENT OF A SMALL
ill chicken ranch near city: will invest some. By
letter, M. B. M., 9C7y s Mission st.
mRANSFER SALOON FOR SALE: YOUR OWN
. X price; . or. Central aye. and California st.
ARTNER; ACTIVE MAN WITH $500: PAY-
i- Ing, established business. • T., box 48, Call.
WANTED TO BUY GOOD BUSINESS. CALL
1 1 at 410 Kearny st., room 6.
f~VOOD PAYING SALOON FOR SALE. IN-
VJ quire LEVY & CO.'o liquor-s ore, 795 Mission.
TTIOR SALE— THE SALOON KNOWN AS THE
X 1 Goodfellowa' Kxchange, 1053 Market St.; a fine
business for 2: price $1000.
■outchers, AT TENTIONrBUTCHER-SHOP
JJ for sale; good business and location: bar"itin to
right party. Inquire Call Office. ; ° *°
ELICACIES AND PROVISION STORE FOR
sale cheap ($B5) on account of other business,
call oafa Sixth st.
MORNING PAPER ROUTE; WESTERN Ali-
dition. Address F., box 78, this office. ;
<nj9«)X BRA NCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA^
tSi^-CO. tionery store; 4 living-rooms: rent 818*
no agents. ,341% Fifth st. v~- "~ i * *'
PAgEB ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18. blocks; can.be b6u-ht
cheap, and ch:inces for in. rease are very e-ond
Apply this office, principals only. , y BoOd -
OLD ESTABLISHED LUNCH COUNTER
restaurant andY oyster parlors In unsurpassed
locality; for sale cheap, for cash; if taken tnimedi-
Office." 1181 dCparlUre - Ad " re3a H "
'% nili )0 ' NT KK!OH AGENCY OF TniS
«-pUO"V. PHP*r for sale; $150 to $200 per
month, inquire this oflice. ; P
«7fVn «UTCHE7rBUSINESS, SELLING 4
■»P I "V/. beeves, 25 sbeep, 6 hogs, 500 poun Is
vjalaw-ek: rent $14: llvlnK-roofiii Inquire
452 lehnma st.. bet. Fifth nn.l sixth.' - -
J ___J^V ICIiJi: ~~~ "
Wir^ SOR stkhtly"high
M B rade; if 0 stamping: all lathe work; CODM
and cups fu y guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROt I C. , 324 Po-it st., K.
Pws? CYCi^EBY— NEW WHEKLS TO 1.1 r :
Tnut'iJ * c commodaUon*. TormiDU* Geary. Mo-
AlUsteraud Powell at. <»r lines.
'"■■■■Z. ■■'■"•;■; ' ; ?!- : >'/J"STOUAOI6? - :
STORAGE OF FURNm RK, PIANOS, ETC
R- F. O3BORN A CO., 7M and 7ftH M nrk etst.j
. QTORAGE OF FURNITURK. PtANOM, HOUSIC-
>J,co:d j:oo<ls. .'ic. J . M. I'IKHCK, Market st.
,\\riLSON,? BROTIIKitS, -.1710 MARKET—
''■Storage; low ratps: lelepliom- Kouth 762.
. ; riIYMICIANS. :
DR.A.DK tUCIP.PHYSICN M RG EON.RO YA L
__ University Turln.ltaly. Nuclous bMg,66l Markt
KKMOVeTri in; C. C. Olm.nnki.i, TO 1208
• Markol si.: .Ijipnm'oif woiwn v specialty. ■ '
IUJIi t>lNu Kttli LO AW AHSOCIA J 10.1.
tioN'l -INK.M Al, BUILDING AMiICOAS"aS
\J sooiation- H om>« ofllre, 322 | Sansome St., S F,
General \ * loan business.'.Ed K. Hill, Pn'a.;
I Ullvei Kldriuge V.IT.; W Corbin, Bec.(tGen.4l4tt
I.OTJOTTvrti-HOI'SJES: FOX SAIiI>.
A O RfToMi 5 , NEAR TAYLOR AND MARKKT;
*Xii sure tor $100 month: easy; tern.s. CHAS.
G. (TLV & C«>.;9OG MtirkK St.
dl*Qit|| OKKAT BARGAIN —JS FINELY
"4?Ov»V./. furnished rooms: Ci-ntra!; Don v of •I;ir-
ket; low rent; departurf. B-.R i iT & SKIFF,
921 Market st. • ■"■■',-
ECKER lIAS : ~ : ■ •■ • .
DECKER HAS
RTCMOVED TO
1020 MARKET ST.,
■ -.- , ■■■■•., ' OPPu- r FIFTH.
(JjOOX 10-ROOil HOUHE; «OOD LOCA ■ ION;
O '•'• 18 rooms; b»st corner iv city $l,l'QO
14 rooms, on Geary s: .'.'.: 860 ,
20 rooms; suuny corner: innsr, sell 700 '•
10-room house: very central. .......... . 150
JI. C. DBCKE 1,1020 Market st.
M. speck .'•• CO., 60S ..market strefjt:
♦ 11 rooms: Powellsi • pan payment... 9'H'O
21 rooms; • ositively clearing .$lu0; see 1t... 600
.29 rooms': good fut ni lire: tri.'il given K&O
100 rooms: modern bulidinzisomethingoxtra. 4200
7 A A .; 44 KO. LEARSOVI;RSIOOPEB
tJD I 'U. month; trial given. 116 Second st. "
"VTKWLY. FURNISHED UARKKI - Lont4-
X\ ui4-!:ouse for sale or exchanee; will pay differ-
ence in cash; let mostly for ofli.-es. D., box 1, aIL
/|C-ROOM HOUSE; PART ca sTiTb ; alan c b
Ttc) easy terms. Apply 234 Van Ness aye.
HOUSE 'OF 12 ROOMS; OOOD LOCATION;
sunny side: low rent; Dargaln. Address M.
E.. box 88, Call Oflice.
1 A-KOOM HOUSE. NEWLY FURNISHED"
-»- \J will sacrifice, cheap. 202% Turk st.
90-ROOM HOUSE, 'WELL FURNISHED;
*J-J lUil steady roomers; center of city; rentsu7;
party leaving city. Add. J. M.. box 7>i. tltla otllcp.
Hi:\.lt..K *-•.»;: SAL.X.
AT 747 MARKET ST. NOW !!
OPENING MONDAY, FEB. 3.
Brussels carpet laid 45c a yard
Heavy floor oilcloth .i'Oc a yard
English linoleum 40c a yard
Solid oak parlor 5pt5...... . . 522 r<)
SHIREK & SHIRKK. 747 Market.opp. Grant aye.
NO BRANCH STORES.
1 n e ly f r bSlshbb FLAT, 3 ROOMS AND
x bath, complete for housekeeping; low rent. 461
Jersey st., 3 doors from Castro.
©9^^ FURNITURE OF~6~ROOMS FO"tt
•4p^O-J. sale. Address Feltce>)Ox 2, Call.
TT G. KRABKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
J-L. ding; new folding-beds, *9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
EDUCTIONS ON LARGE (3TOCK. NEW AND*
±\> second-hand: 400 carpet* good as new- oil-
cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum. 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $i 4 50: cornice poles, 25o-
ranjes, $6: cash or installments; goods sniuß*i
free. T.H. NELSON. 128 Fourth at
' ' CABFKf t'Ll A.M.N«. ~ ~
7SaRPETS~~CL X ANKITa N D~RENOvXTtrS
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH «fc CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLE ING CO., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOV A- *
\J ting, 38 Btb. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250. *
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RB.V-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: tet. south 228.
XT ATI ON AL CARPET BEATING ANDRBNO-
1> vating Works HAMPTON &BAILLY: layia?
end altering. 313-315 Guerrero; Tel. Mission 24*.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITHL
" poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama: tei. 80-10.
( IONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKi itSS
\J (ioldnn Gate «yp. ; telephone ea^t 126.
FOB yALK-aiXiSOliLLArsli.OllJS.
PETALUMA INCUBATOR AND BROODER
X for sale cheap. 3 Cleveland St., bet. Harrison
and Folsom :. ■ ■ .-' '
WE LL ESTABLISHED PLAIN NG MILL
'» for sale. P. M., box 10., Call Office.
pONTRACTORS AND BUILDERS ATTEN-
\J tion— lso squares of roofing slate for sale very
cheap. C. 8., box 68, Call.
W"ardrobe7lounge, bedstead, wash-
»» stand, cheap; also boys' safety. $f»; glris' tri-
cycle, $5: shotgun, Winchester rifle. 328 McAllister.
L>KLLO\VS ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
JL) small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard at.
A A SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL sizes
<J\J\J and prices from 25c per '- yard up. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First nr. Mission.
BABY CARRIAGKS AND RATTAN FUKNl-
ture; call and get our prices; costs nothing.
'Dset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell St., near
Stockton.
T>AR OUTFITS, MI RRORS.C ASH REGISTERS,
■U scales. etc. ; cheapest. MEEK. 1118 Mission st.
I? IRE AND BURGLAR SAFii. LETT K II-
A 1 press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
TVfEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN BECOND-
■-L1 hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
OOUNTJSKS, SHELVING, SHOWCA-JE3
bought .old ■ 1 121 Market j beu7th»ndi>a
A WEEK'S NEWS tFOR 5 CENTS — THlfl
-c\. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. '
~ ~ ~ TO JLEASE. :
TO LEASE— IOOx9O; LARGE BUILDING;
suitable for manufacturing pnrposes; cor. Sev-
enth and Bryant sts. ASHTON & GARDINER,
411 Montgomery at. __*
CLAHtVOYANTs. ~
ESTULAiRVOYANTON^AIVrH: LADIE3
and gents; 25c. 206 Fourth st. :
ME. PORTER, CARD-READER;. TELLB
past, present, future; ladles 50c, gents $1*
palmistry, clairvoyant; $1 50. 126 Turk, nr. Jones'
MRS. B. BAUMAN, THE RENOWNED
irl medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. STEWART, CHILD ~MEDIUM7"tHE
greatest card reader and clairvoyant in the
world; seventh daughter of seventh daughter*
ladles or gents 50c 917 Market , parlors 3 and 4. *
ME. RA VENA SITS DAILY: SURE TIPS
on races; names given: 25c up. 828 Howard.
CILAIRVOYANCY, . PALMISTRY"
\J PROF. LEON, wonder of the age. hoa no equal
valuable advice love, business, speculation ■ maido
charms. 533 Post su, 9to 8 dally; also Sunday.
MME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
paat, presentand future :25c up.764 Howard st.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL^
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: gura
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
posslble; fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post st-. nr. Larktn.
UGU^TA LEOLA. FORTUNE TELLER-
magic charms, love tokens: true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling-
develops clairvoyance, alate writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seats and the Palestine wonder charms-
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
SPIKITU.*.r,ISM..
EALTH, WEALTH, HAPPINESSx v
can be secured by . consulting the world-re-
no\rned medium and physician, Mrs. Dr. Marandas
1521% Market street, opposite Van Ness avenue.
MEDIUM
. PHYSICIAN.
MRS. DR. MARANDAS' wonderful mediumlstlo
power is the marvel of the age. When a child
she was a prodigy, foretelling events with most
startling accuracy. Years of . travel, study and
deep research have added to this wonderful gift.
She now stands alone the greatest medium of tht>
day.
Are yon in trouble?
Heavy-laden with care?
Has your llf- been a failure?
Have you had losses In business?
Is your love unreciprocated?
No matter what may be yonr troubles, call pr
write to her. When ail others fall she will advise
and counsel you as to the true cause, and if her ad-
vice be followed will remove all the evil influences
that surrounds, and restore you to wealth and
happiness.
HEALTH.
No one seems to understand yourtronble or what
ails you. From day to day you grow weaker. Call
on her before it 13 too late. . V-he is enabled, by her
wonderful power to delve into your very .>elf, thus
bringing to liglit ihe cause of your siCK-ness. Her
I wonderful . revea ed medicines have cured thou-
sands suff'-rlng from different diseases.
Her testimonials show that she ha<» successfully
treated the most critical cases of female iroubl-s —
piles, paralysis, chronic liver and kl-iney troubles,
rheumatism, pain in Hie back, tired feeling, scalp
and skiri diseases, n. rvous debiliiy. lung troubles,
ana, in fact, all tbe ills hat fl.sti is heir to.
If vouennnot visit this wonderful doctor, write,
inclosing lock of hair and #1. You will learn some-
thin.' <_'! your lite and diseas- you never knew be-
fore. '1521% Market St., S. F. '
\\r RITINO CIRCLE- TO-NIGHT 25c. MME.
\I • YOUNG. 806 McAllister st. Sittings daily.
■ "T"T Wl MAKKKT TO-NIGHT, LEAP-YEA R
.*v masquerade party, entertainment and dance;
?5c ■■■ " ' ■■■■-'■■■•- • v .: --.;,
YPSV. PALMIHT— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days mclKtli d), 25c. 946 Mission st.:hrs- 10 (09.
\ I H>. REAL, MEDIUM; SITTINGS; r V. VCCO
31 liabit cured or no pay; oos'-'ssions cured : dis-
ease* of women cured: hrs. 10 to 8. ,24 ditli, rm. K.
\i i;>. ELSIK RKYNoLIT^MXtERIfALIzTNa
.M seance Friday evening, 50c. . 832 Mission st. .
DR. ALICE . f""dBE\sTTuJSI.VK.S.») j MEDIUM^
sits daily. cirTuesand Fri, -.'.«•; 8 p. v. 124 6th.
Mi;s. J. J. WHIINKV. •CLAnFvbYAXT
1M '.r in nieilir.m : sittings .jtl. 218 Stockton *v
- , HYPNOTI 31. ■ .;. .-_ - ' '
Hypnotism ob MKSMrrTrr^r^rTTTnTr—
■ Four f (4) "different n;e!.lioil» .taught in four
r. erics' time. A rare chance > tor physU-lans. «O-
dents of science or those Interest i-il In us therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all disease* can be
relieved if not cure**." No.le.tau.2hi but tho^e fur-
nishing I fir t-<-iass reference or. recommendauous.
Correspondence so ici-eil. Address J; WIRT t'U M-
MINGSPh. >;.. box 121 -all ■'»;,-(.. ■- --■■' *
."■""•■'■: . bJEWIXO aiAC'iIINKS.
\LL KINDS 800 iHT, M»LI), r.xciiA \f;i,|., '
XV rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth *t,
..... gAgT< V«.:.
1 BT-CLASS PiTSroBAGE!
xaud feed year round. W.LUC V, 318 Market »LHOUSES TO LET.
rrO LET— TWO-STORY HOUSE, NINE ROo3ls
. X and bath; sunny side; 1610 Geary st.; rent
reasonable. Apply MA MsoN & BURSE.
1 O^S TWENTIETH — 4 ROOMS; LARGE
XVOU grounds; rent $13. Key corner grocery.
LOWER PART OF HOUSE TO LET CHEAP.
XJ 908 Post. . ■ - •
f»9 1 ELLIS ST.— HOUSE OF 6 SUNNY
VJ-jri. rooms, bath; water free.
999rfY\>ST, BET. SCOTT AND DEVISA-
_— — »J dero — House, 6 rooms; bath; basement;
p«rden. stahle. driveway. . t "'4
V7l I 17 KOoMiv, 913 GOLDEN GATE AYE.;
*S> • "• now being newly paintea aud papered.
ASHTON <fc GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
BABY HAPPY; M A M M SATISFIED; PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN Ji
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
©7 2 ROOMS; KITCHEN ; CELLAR. 72
<!> • . Juniper 6U, off Folsom, between Tenth and
Eleveuth. ' '- ■ ;'■-
~ 4 ROOM COTTAGE.
A 6-room and a 7-room house; rent very cheap.
1822 Filbert St.
TELEGA NT NN V HOUSE— GARDEN;
J-J rent 45. 816 McAllister.
OUSE 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENT RE-
dnced to 816. 1804 Lexington aye. 1
SUNNY 8-ROOM HOUSE: 103 VAN NESS
O aye.; sanitary plumbing: rent reasonable to re-
sponsible tenant. Apply ASTON & ELDRIDGK,
638 Market su ' ' ' " ' '
SUNNY HOUSE: 11 ROOMS AND BATH;
$35: water free: Fell st., n^sr Van Ness aye.
B. P. OLIVER. 114 Montgomery st.
HOUSE OP 6 B OOMS AN I BATH AND
yard: 147 Valencia st. : rent $16. Apply 2838
M Ission. -- -j -.-• ■
rCKNISHED UOUSES.
HANDSOME 8-ROOM; HOUSE; WILL RENT
■■ a hole or part or ti., rd with tenant. C, box 1.
VH'i: SUNNY UPPER FLAT,. FURNISHED;
■*-^ 6 rooms; bath; cheap. 2514 Vi Sutter st.
FURNITURE OF 6 ROOMS FOR SALE;
house for l-enu 1530 Eddy st '
FURNmHED 1-X.U OF 4 ROOMS FOR SALE
x cheap. 1 1 Elwood st.. off ( I'Farrell.
COITAGKS TO LET. ~"
$15 ffiJ«W."»»t IMON IirDFIIr
JP_,-7 S 6 ?'" ?,?"• ot^ee. 4 rooms and bath. Ap-
\\r ,--pm «n 1 r P^^ CO - 413 Montgomery, House
Brokers and Real Estate Agents. - ; V
TTOUSES OR COTTAGES TO LET - COZY
XX cottage of 4 rooms; 319 Capp st.. near Seven-
teenth: low rent. Apply MADISON & BURKK.
pOITAGK OF 8 SUNNY BOOM 8; LARGE
\J yard: rent reasonable. 3021 Pine si.
P-PTTAOE; &' ROOMS; IiENT $20. M 9
V Minna 6U, above Sixth.
OTTAGE; 5 ROOMS, BATH, LARGE BASE-
\J meat and sunny yard; $20. 742 Capp sU
■QUNNy COTTAGES OF 5 . ROOMS; BATH;
vj large basement and yard. 15th and Dolores sts.
i'LATS TO L.HIT. "
pLEASANT TENEMENT, THREE BOOMS,
X separate yard. 631 Natoma St., bet. Seventh
and Kighth.
V LEGANT OAK FURNITURE FOR SALE,
Jj nearly new. at a sacritlee. in a 6-room cottage;
.- rythinc complete for newly married couple.
h . P.. oo.\ 63, Call.  *
Q9q '"^n 2054 jones, se. COR. FILBERT;
•_ — it.OVJ. S rooms and bath. Apply to C. s.
APP <fe CO., 413 Montgomery su, House Brokers
and Real Estate Ageuts.
OST DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern Improvements;
1635 Bush st. ; rent $30. MADISON <fc BURKE,
agents. .
T7*LAT TO LET— LOOK AT THAT CORNER
x flat, Sacramento and Baker sts. ! Five rooms,
bath, etc.; rent only 525; will be put in good
order. MADISON <fc BURKE.
<> I 1 LOWER FLAT: 4 ROOMS; MANTEL;
C LI. folding doors: fine locality. 1028 t-hot-
well st., nr. Twenty -fourth.
A.MisoME r;-;\v flat of 7 ROOMS. 734
Fourteenth St.. bet. Market and Sanchez.
"1 "1 AQ SCOT! ST., NR. EDDY— 2 FLATS-
x XVO upper and lower; 5 and ti rooms; sun aU
day: reasonable to right party. .
■YEW FLAT; 3 ROOMS; RENT- $11. APPLY
-».' at 1325 Washington su, nr. Jones.
(B| 1 Q AND~SIS— NeTcOR. POLK AND JACK
O 10. son — sunny roorus; bath. • •
\'ICE CLEAN MODERN ROOM FLAT;
X> $12 50. SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market st.
«£•! 7 FLAT: 1207 a BUSH; 5 ROOMS;
tJ)X I • bath; bay-windows; gas. Apply 1211b.
OOUTHEAST CORNER SACRAMENTO AND
O Spruce sts.; new flat of & rooms; all modern
improvements. , -" '
"V"ICELY FURNISHED FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
-i-> and bath: rent $30. 11l Liberty st.
Q9q XA NEW, ELEGANT, SUNNY MOD-
•_ — O.O\J. em bay-window riat; 5 rooms; bath.
925 Golden Gate aye.
tin lower; FLAT; 4 ROOMS: LARGE
Qxv. yard. 22 De Boom, off Second, nrßrannan.
•I>A IS V JIAPPVI MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
V contented; flat rented from BALDWIN <fc
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery su
FLATS TO SUIT— BEST PART OF CITY;
J central, convenient, economical; Sacramento st.,
below Mason; sunny. Apply 320 Sansome su, rm. 4.
QIC.6 ELEGANT LARGE SUNNY ROOM
1 «->. and bath. 814 Nineteenth sU, bet. Noeand
Sanchez; water free; cheapest flat in the city.
QIC NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF FIVE
010. light rooms: bath; gas; tubs. 909 Folsom
su. near Fifth.
q rooms AND. bath. 409 THIRTEENTH
0 tit., above Valencia. ■ _ ; .
rr.O MODERN 6-ROOM FLATS; SUN AX.L
x day. 916 Capp su. near Twenty-fourth. .
"IT<LAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH; BENT RE-
J dnced. 221 Laurel aye., off Van Nes3, near Eddy.
OWER CORNER FLAT— 6 LARGE ROOMS;
-> bath ; spring water. 33 Thirteenth, nr Howard.
\'EAR CITY HALL— SUNNY FLATS; 5
-*-> and 6 rooms: $21. $25. 147 and 713 Grove st.
/- SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH, $20;ALtoO
U cottage 6 rooms, 15. Key at 1706 Hyde st.
octavia. NR. McAllister — ELE-
II- gant lower flat; 7 rooms; bath; modern im-
provements; brick basemenu
1 K1 Zil MISSION, NR. ELEVENTH — 6
J-010-i large, sunny, papered rooms; bath;
laundry.
Q1 A NEW MODERN SUNNY FLATS, SIX
f®±O. rooms: bath. 133 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-founh.
79ft MCALLISTER— SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS.
I 4*\J laundry and bath; rent ?30.
TTERY FINE FLAT; 7 ROOMS; LARGE
V yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
91 AX FAIR OAKS— NEW SUNNY LOWER
— -L^T2 flat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN&
CO.. 14 Montgomery st. '
i]O 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS, STOVKS.
O-«O. water, dumb waiter: all modern; at. 956
Union st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottaee in Oakland. To let
by KOKNIG <fc KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
- V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. ■
, liOLSKKKKPINO BOOMS. ' '
Bush Street.
797 BUSH— LARGE FROST BAY-WINDOW
I Z. t room; nicely furnished.
91 1 (* BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
Li -l \J connecting rooms for light housekeeping;
also single. -, ~°
Uecatiir Street.
9qi DECATUR, OFF EIGHTH ST.-FOUR
Oa rooms for housekeeeplng. Inquire at 17
Bryant aye. .
tddy Street.
91 Q EDDY-TWO FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
fllO housekeeping; private place: rent low.
.Ellin Street.
1(\(K ELLIS-LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM
1 \J\j and kitchen for housekeeping, j
Fifth Street.
A 9QI FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
tr— Oa en; furnished complete for housekeeping.
Folftora Street.
O] A FOLSOM— FKONT ROOM AND
OJ- V kitchen, completely furnished; no children.
Q7A. FOLSOM— I OR 2 BOOMS COMPLETELY
0 * *X furnished for housekeeping ; cheap. ;
Ueary sr eet.
IQI 1 GEARY, OPP. PARK— 16; ALCOVE
It'll suite and adjoining room, with porcelain
"ink; bath : 3 closets: newly furnished, ■
IQI7 °KARY — PARLOR. BEDROOM,
XCX I dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath-
-2 beds: all necessaries; $24.
Golden lime Avenue. *
qqo GOLDEN GATE AYE.-4 SUNNY FUR-
y»O pished housekeeping rooms and bath.
Grove Street.
4OA GROV ■ SUNNY - ROOMS TO LET;
jr v <heap- with stove. ' '. : » ;
'Howavrt'Street. ■'
704 H ow ard: st.;; COR. THIRD-FINELY
«i.7> v >urnish<jd front rooms; en suite and single;
also h j>ugekeeping^ cheap. -. ; ■?/ "
749 Hll%v ARD-2 OR 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
-^^ rooms for housekeeping; private. -'
94 ( ) ■ ' " A X D - NICE bUNNY HOUSE-
-1052 S.O^' ARU-HOUBEKEEPING ROOMS;
±^lrf^ I£i^lBojlngie1 £i^l8ojlngie sunny rooms. ■ ; ■
•Jones Street. .
1 14 jard ES "~ 3 UJiF URNIBHED ROOMS;
p7||| Market Street. - ~
I*7l l EfSPg*-*, °* 3 UNFURNISHED
famiir»a! hOUMk « ; epln s rooms ;, In > prlvare
HOUSKKKEPIJTG KOO3IS — Continued.
McAllister Street.
6 A (\ McALLISTER-N ICELY " FURNISHED
O"lv/ room for housekeeping.' ■ *
OAA. MCALLISTER ST.— 3 SUNNY UNFUR-
O'j'x nished rms: housekeeping; water; gas; $12.
31 is* ion street.
QqO MISSION— LARGE FRONT SUNNY
000 housekeeping room: $8; others cbeap.
OU O MISSION— LARGE PLEAS ROOM
OyO furnished complete for light hoaseKeeiilng.
1 94-1 MIBSION — 4 CONNECTING ROOMS;
-•- «ti completely furnished; housekeeping;
quiet family; reasonable.;. •.'-
Nineteenth Street.
q FINE UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
O keeping. Key 3^6; Nineteenth, near Valencia.
:- ■', ; '• Second Street.
Kfj » SECOND-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS, $2
Oiu a week: single and double, $1 to $3 a week.
Seventh Street.
m SEVENTH— FURNISHED ROOMS ; ONE
$8, two for $10.
990 SEVENTH— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
J—-.XJ housekeeping rooms: cheap.
Sixth Street.
m SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN " THE CITY;
cozy housekeeping rooms and single.
•- • ■■' » South Park.
"1 f* SOUTH PARK— SUNNY WELL-FUR-
1U nished bay-window housekeeping rooms: $11.
Taylor Street.
"1 AQ TAYLOR ST.—NICELY FURNISHED
xvO rooms for light housekeeping; rents reason-
able. • • .
. .Tehaniit .Street. v> :i ? '
AAQ TKHAMA — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
M*xO room and kitchen ; well furnished ; com-
plete for housekeepi Dg. , .
Third Street.
£1 Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK — FUR-
O±O nished housekeeping rooms; range; running
water. •
, Valencl • Street .... . y
Qf\f} VALENCIA— TWO SUNNY,' BAY-WIN-
— VVdow rooms, furnished for housekeeping:
gas; bath; $15. ■ ' ■ ' i
■ . Van £>eBB Avenun. '■■'.
9q9 VAN NESS, COR. . GROVE — NICELY
_»>_j furnished -sunny bay-window suites for
housekeeping.
KA9 VAN NESS — NICELY FURNISHED
Qyj-* rooms, single and suites.
710 VAN NESS— SUNNY 1-ItONT SUITE
1 xv housekeeping rooms; $16: other rooms.
.....-.;■ j -'■■ KUOMS TO LE'l. — — -
California Street.
•7-1 0 CALIFORNIA ST. - SUNNY ALCOVE
• XV snite; suit.ibii" for lor 2; other sunny sin-
gle rooms: reasonable.
2531 CALIFORNIA — 3 ELEGANT FUR-
■***->*JA clshed rooms and bath: cheap.
*.ddy Street.
"I 9A EDDY-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNN\
x-jv^froat suite; terms reasonable.
qf)7 EDDY— NICELY " FURNISHED FRONT
*JyJ I room; gas; bath; private family; low rent.
'SIO EDDY— FRONT SUNNY ROOM; SINGLE;
OX\J gas and bath; reasonable; private family.
. • i. KlUs Street. -V* ~~~~
ROYAL-HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— NEW HOUSE-
-It incandescent lights in every room; flrst-class
reading-room, containing all daily papers; open all
night; rooms per day 35c to SI 50; week, $2tosB-
-month. $8 to $30: fire escapes. '
/ l9q KLLIS— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
tH£.O rooms; double and single.
(ton ELLIS, COR. LARKIN-ALCOVE ROOM
\JOO and kitchen; gas; bath.- , v
• Kiglith Street. ' ■
OHERMAN A PARTMEXT HOUbE, 28 BTH
O su, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
.Fifth Street.
qAQ FIFTH— NEW HOUSE; SUNNY BAY
u\J%J window rooms; -kitchen, range; also con-
necting..
, P. :' ' Fillmore Street.
FILLMORE, NEAR HAIGHT— FRONT
ajVi/ room nicely furnished for 1 or 2 gentlemen
or lady, with private family. _^
Geary Street.
/19X GEARY (PIERPONT)-NIC FUR-
•JT—iy nished sunny suites and single. MRS-KING.
Xl Q GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS, SINGLE AND'
OXKJ suite; furnished or unfurnished: with or
without board; suitable for doctor's offices.
ti olden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATL-MCELY FURNISHED
£ii-*J front room; grate: suitable for 2: also single.
9q7 GOLDEN GATE-NICE FRONT PAR-
*■"' lor; suitable for business or 2 gentlemen.
Hayes Street. ■■
"I HAVES — 2 ; UNFURNISHED FRONT
XVO rooms; $8." . ■- v . a-, «■! '-- ' • -
lioirard Street. /; : '
7RI 1 HOWARD BT.-NICELY. FURNISHED
I VX3 bay-window; other double, single rooms-
reasonable. - ... ■ • - < ■ ■ ■• '
TIOQa HOWARD — ELEGANTLY FUR-
-LJ-^rtJ nished room; large closet, bath; for one
person; $5 per month: in American family.
Hyde Street. T:
qA7 HYDE-SUNNY BACK PARLOR; SUIT-
Qyf I able for 2 gentlemen ; 2 beds if desired.
• Jessie Street.
p:qq jessie— furnished sunny rooms-
-000 gas; bath. ■-. ■■ '
Oones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—VI manacement: elegant ■ sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc. ; 810 to 530. ,
Kearny street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEARNY-PLEAS
XI. ant sunny rooms, en Euiteand single; first clau
In every respect; terms reasonable. -
99Ci KEARNY - 5 CONNECTING ROOMS,
_ ._ l/ partly furnished; 2 unfurnished, suitable
for doctor or offices; rent reasonable. : . .
.Larkiu Street, v.
Q9q LARKIN, NEAR GEARY — NICELY
O— furnished sunny rooms: $6 and $8; large
closets, bath, gas; private family.
1 OA7 PARKIN— FRONT AND OTHER SUN-
XVV I ny rooms; grate, etc. ; modern house.
Market Street.
777 MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
111 suites and single; housekpg; also offices.
irqSEMITK HOUSH., 1045 MARKET. BET.
-L Sixth and Seventh— Single and enltes; pcr 1
night, 35c to $1 ; week, $1 60 to $5: families
1110 MARKET ST.-ELEGANTLY FUR-
-txXCJnished rooms: month, week or transient.
1 99 MARKET ST.—NICELY FURNISHED
xXZj^j suites: also single rooms: $2 to $6 week.
, Blason vtreet.
41 7 MASON — ELEGANT SUNNY ROOMS;
ttL I single and suites; ground floor; transient.
31inna_vtreet.
(\(\7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— FUR-
V v I nishea bay-window rooms; $1 per week. ■
. „ Mission >treet. , -.- -.:.«»* .-. • ..;,• -
Q9F:i MISSION . — HANDSOMELY FU R-
xJ-jxJa nished sunny bay window front rooms 1
grate; gas. , .; : , -
p RAND SOUTHERN — SE. . COR.-7TH AND
VJ" Mission, reopened ; thororughly renovated ;sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished ;sltigle or en suite; ;
stationary nashstands aud running : . water in
every room: , choicest location; : terms reasonable.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
O'Jb'arrell Street. "
1 99 O'FARRELL— ' ROOM NICELY
x^" furnished . for gentleman;- conveniences:
central; «8.
Pine Street.
ml PINE, BELOW STOCKTON— PLEASANT
sinele rooms; $4, $5 and $6 per month;
grates. -■;•-.•-, : -* ; - : -
. ' Polk Street.
I 7 POLK-FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS;
x 1 " also single; $5 up; also housekeeping, v *. :
Q97 POLK. COR. - O>FARRKLL — NEATLY
O— I furnished sunny rooms; houskeeping if de-
sired. ■ • . . ■,-.•■
, Post Street.*
907 POST-NICELY ; FURNISHED LARGE
£t\J I suite: also sunny rooms; rent reasonable.
AO POST— ELKGAJNTV.FU.RNISHED PAR-
-o\Jo lors; also single rooms; j S2aweelc upward.
Q-| 7 POST^-LAKG 1 : "v g NISHKD ALCOVE
•yx 1 : suite; also 2 large sunny rooms: grate, gas,
bath:, large closet;.' washroom- attached; light
housekeeping if Ues red: private family. .;
. : .• i'o well Street. ■•
1 T q POWELL-FLAT iOF 6 SUNNY ROOMS-
-110 rent $35 ; suitable for Offices.
Kausch Street. : .
I n RAUSCH, NEAR HOWARD-7 NICE UN-
JLU furnished rooms, large yard; cheap rent. • -m
- •' ; - Stockton Street. ■ ' • .•■■'■■'
f/ji 7 STOCKTON — DOUBLE, FURNISHED,
;iH sunny front room,:s9; single, $5; 2. un-
furnished. . " " :■ . -. ■-.-■: -■;■. '.. . ;,,;.:;'•, ':. : -
Sutter , Street. '.
IT I "I C SUTTER, NEAR POLK — 2 SINGLE
i X iiy ( newly furnished, with or without board.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
ROOMS TO T,ET-Cont!nned.
J / ?/' Taylor Street. ; : '.;' /■■. • '
1 A Q TAYLOR, CORNER -EDDY AND TAY-
-I°XU lor— Newly-furnl3hed front suite, suitable
for professional man. •; :.. •; , v ■; : .
09A TAYLOR, COR.. O'FARREEL-NICELY
O£*\j furnished sunny rooms, en snite or single.
'; Third ; Street. •
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRI^, NEAR
» • Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night ; «1 50 to $6 per week; ":
electric lights in every room : reading r'm ; iree bus.
Twelfth Street.
9A TWELFTH, BET. MISSION AND HOW
■^v srd— urnlshed room, cheap; private family
Van egs Avenue. ; :_';
OA9 VAN NESS — NICELY FURNISHED
«jv«j front suite; terms moaerate. . -.'.
"I "l"j s VAN -NESS. AYE. — PLEASANTLY
Xi. -*■-*- furnished front room: private family. ■-
JJ^^ UNFURNISHED t ROOM > |
1 (\lj FlFTn^pl^A^A^i^S^JN^rY^NFUß^
xv 4, nished rooms to let. : • ■ ■ *■■>..<■;"*•
KU.11.1) - AiMJ itOOAIS.T
qATpVA^^KiS^AVK!-^^EL^OA^TLY^rSfD
OV/\» newly furnished rooms, wiih or without
board; reasonable: sun all day. ■
Q9"j|< EDDY-HOTEL' NORMANDIE; SUNNY
*J4d\J single rooms; tableboard; terms reasonable.
7"l Q GOLDEN j GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
■ ' X O nished rooms, suite or single, with board. ;
ftA'_>4BUSH,COR. STOCKTON (THK GRENO-
ole) — Newly and elaborately furnished mis;
single or en suite: board optional ; terms reasonable.
H~~ OTEL BERTLING. 714 Bl'Sn-A FAMILY
- hotel: references given and required vail mod-
ern conveniences. - ;--• - • : '■
; CHILDUK.N UOAKI>KI>. ;
X\T OULD LIKE ONE OR TWO CHILDREN
»* to board; nice home: mother's care; best of
reference. 1205 Laguna st. ■
LADY IN THE COUNTRY WISHES SMALL
child to board; gooa home. Apply this olliee.
ANTED — 1 OR MORB CHILDREN' TO
" Doard: giiQ'l home. 1505 Twenty-fourth st. -
""■■'. . STOK.S TO iTkt] '":•'.
"V"KWLY BUILT STOKE; 3 LAHGE KOoTiIS
-L\ in rear: big cellar; no store in the vicinity
SE. cor. Sacramento and Spruce sts.
p ROOERY AND LIQUOR STORE; 3 LIVING-
vT rooms; rout Sl5 a month. Apply 24 Wash-
ington aye., bet. Howard and Mission sts. - :
w AA NJNTH— FINK CORNER STORE with
I O\J\J rooms and lixtures; rent low. .- ' ' ■
LARGE, v< ELL-LIGHTED STORE; 3 LlV-
iug-rooms; suitable drugstore or grocery; Van
Ness aye., one block from Market >st. Apply
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
TJiINE WELL-LKSHTED STORE: 3 LIVING-
I' rooms; 406 Fonnli st. MAnisoXit I'.l'KKr:.
___________
oFFTcIiS~"TO LET]
VLKGANTLY FURNISHED PABLORS, SUIT-
XJ able for professional man ; occupied ten years
by dentist. 850 Market, cor. Stockton, first floor.'
LEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPItECKELS
J building, 925 Market: rents low: no extra
ccarge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or G. H. I'MI'.SKX A CO.. 14 Mor.tg.st.
PlA> OS. IULI.VS, £Tt'. ~
C^XA UPRIGHT PIANO: VALSO A SfICE
ge U 21 S i q Lark'ln? 4 °-: in gOOd order - storase -
\ FEW BARGAINS. ~ "~ '
■£*- ' Choice Gilbert piano, oak case, like
new. at a very low Hcure; Cable & Co. upriirlu
elegant condition, at, 8100 less than snid for eight
months ago owing to linancial difficulty of nur-
chaser;Steinway, Chlckering.Hardmau.Wheelock,
all used pianos, but in tine condition, all guaranteed,
onered at lower prices than such choice instru-
ments can be obtained elsewhere; uprights from
*75 up; squares $40 up. The J. Dewing Company
Becond floor> Flood building. s v^uiyitny,
C T E I NWAy7»2IS; WEBER, $265; SOhsTkh"
0 $23,; Wily. $125: squares, 35 and 555;
rented $2 up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136
.Ellis SU ; .">;,.
E "LEG ANT NEW SQUARE PIANO; $75; COST
-L* $450 ; must be sold to-day. 1209y 8 Howard st.
T?LEGAN'V UPRIGHT PIANO; LITTLE USED;
XJ a bargain. -7Russ St. :., ■■:*■ ■ .
"VTEW UPRIGHT. PIANO AND ORGAN,
-L> cheap: leaving city. L., box 8, Call Otllce.
A N UPRIGHT PIANO, STOOL AND SCARF
-tA- for $75. Room 12. Flood building.
EL ANT STEINWAY PIANO; PARTY
leaving the city. Room 21, 809 Market st.
MOVING TO THE COUNTRY AND MUST
-lU sell choice Chickering. Rm. 10,809 Market st.
GOOD PIANOS CHEAP, CHEAP PIANOS
good, at MAUVAIb', 769 Market st. ;
BARGAIN — $160 UPRIGHT, WORTH $400
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister su r-. * "
PIANO GIVKN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY NO
charge. Particulars at BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
AINES BROS. PIANO. PATTi'S PREFER-"
ence: also renowned Bush & Gerts' platio.
A. L. BANCROFT, & CO., 524 Post st. -■/-,-.
pONOVER PIANO; ~~A S "~GOO D~A S NEW 7
}J great sacrifice. The F. \V. SPENCER COM:
PANY, 388 Post st.
V"EW UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN, FOLDING
XV bed : must be sold. L., box 8, Call Oflice. .
1)IA NOS— ; ~ — : — ~ — : — ; tt-— -
- x. Hazelton, Hemme and : Long, Brown and
Simpson ; easy terms. 736 Market s.t.
CJHICKEUING.KNABE, STECk/VOSK, STER-'
VJ ling pianos: see our new piano for»187- piinos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'FarreU.
n REAT BAUGAIJN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
VT Piano House, 216 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
'" reil, room 1.-first floor; take elevator; pianoa
md organs sold for cash or installments. •
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we nave decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it exnlained. SHERMAN. CLAY Js CO
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
Cl» 17k CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
<J)X I <J. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
] ECKER BROS., STEINWA Y.FISCHER AND
yj other flrst-class makes of pianos: little used-
cheap for £ asn or on eas terms. KOiILER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell »U '
EASY TERMS;:LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CUASIij. ■. ■ ■ ■': ■■ ■.-...., .-.«.■
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER."
Newby <fe Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
S" UPERTOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLu ANEW
0 H. LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlace.
OTEINWAY, $215; WEBKR, $265; SOMKR,
£4S£T : ,Y n il S' f125: 6< l u «es, *35 and *55.
HEINE. 410 Post st. . .7- ;..-.
\ RRIVED-A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-t\. grade 'IV L. Neumann piauos for the holidays-
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS.
Ninth st. ' " -
PEN FOR BUSINESS. '■ ~~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sal*
In Ban Francisco. .. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st.. Spreckels building.
A WEEK'S NEWS ~ FOR 6 CENTS -THE
>VEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
~T~~~ HOKSKS. . ■:..-."/. -
FOR SALE— A PAliT^F^lTrß^ir^^OUNG
drafthorses, harness and new wason ; j half price
and installments. LODGE & POWELL, Frultvale
station. . . .
1 A A HEAD OF WELL-BROKEN WORK AJVD
XV V driving horses; Just from the country-
draught horses -weighing from 1600 pounds up-
fast trottera; pacers. G. LINDAUEK. 862 Howard."
UST ARRIVED— 2S GOOD WORK HORSES'
young, sound and well broken, weighing from
1200 to 1500, and will be sold cheap. J. T. FOR-
RESTER, 426 Valencia st., bet. Fifteenth and
sixteenth. ■ .' .
TPOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— FINE ROAD-
X ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic. Club Stable. . For particulars apply at
504 Sutter st. ■' " :■■ .-:-■ ■ ...--- .■.■■ .-■■*.-
-1 KETS NEW ANI) SECOND-HAND HAR-"
-LO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st. .<-.
HORSES PASTURED; «2~A~MON-| HTGOOD
care and feed;? send for circular. The H>"la
ranch, 630 Commercial Rt. ; ./.";
DR. C. h. \vestpha"l, veterinary SUR-
t;eon for S. F. Police Department, ofllco and
hospital,- 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
Af\ HORSES FOR SALE : " ALSO W AGO Ns"
■Jf v , buggios, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Ho'rsu
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wciuea-
day. < SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneera.
AA SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALII
xw kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts-
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia tn.%.
f ,".' . ■■:• ■■■■- '■; PENTIMTS.;*; "~~~
r|R. GEORGE .. W. . LEEK. THE GENUINE
' Leek dentist, discoverer of Dalnless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work ' or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st. :
PA INLESS EXTRACTION. 50c; '•■- crown
X bridge work a specialty; plates,' $5 up; 13 years' ;
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
DR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
,work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. -. '
DR. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS. 1
crown work, bridge work and teeth ', without
plates a specialty. .-; 103 Geary su, cor. Grant aye.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth 1
frni $5; fillings frni $1: extracting 60c. with gas $1.
, ffl»'7 A SET; FOR TSBTH': WARRANTED AS
t[P I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMa
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. r>
I VR. LUDL JM" HILl,,*- 1443 ;; MARKET i StC
±J near Eleventh: no chargo for extracting when
plates are made: old. plates made over like new
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 5llo: khs given.'.- -'
IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAfr
,- \J ket st. DR.' CHARLES W. DECKER. ,
DR. J. J. 1208' MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— evenings: Sundays till noon. :
ALL WORK ; REASONABLE 'AND WABj'
ranted.; DR. j. W. KEY.1122 Market st. ; r
••■.■."■'■■• ■ ■ ■'" : "■;'■ ■ ■■'■■.■
." . .-. "c'rERSOSAIS.'.' :. ■ . '
/TuXrXntkTbF reat e ir^FolPDTNrmuFFi
vT eczema and itching scalD; will absolutely stop
the hair from falling out; prevents : baldness, in-
creases growth : of hair, restores "It: to • Its natural
color and healthy condition. Write toW.R.COL-
LINS, 1111 Hyde si., City. \ :
TONES — CAN'T, FIND YOUR ■= ADDRESS;
«■• wih you meet sister •; to-night at, ? Lederer's, the
hair-dresser, 11l Stockton st.?- She goes there be-
cause it Is so cheap and stylish ; only 25c. Sorry to
trouble. . MICHAELS. L >. ,■:-;■ ■• ;.-.-;-
UR NATIVE herbs, the GREAT blood
jmrifierand liver regulator: 200 days' treat-
ment. $1: cure guaranteed or money refunded
Sold by MRS. A. P. BKOCK, general agent, 404
Turkst. „ ;.'y „/ : "•. ".^ ,-..-:,;. -■.
A DVICE FREE;: DIVORCE LAWS -A- SPE-
■A. cialty; private: no charae unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
RESH VIOLETS 5c i BUNCH. SHLBE-
LEY, 311 Sutter st. • - ,:
ENR V HUFSCHMIDT, PLUMBER AND
gasfitter: : gas. : fixtures • lowest price. 6 3
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471.
SEARCHING,LOCATING,S*IIADOWIXG,TR \-
cing.collecting.GßAHAM'S Mrk
"I f\t'\l\ BUSINESS CARDS, $1 fi(»; .TELE-'
IUUU phone "Black 141." H ILL. Geary, r. 39
OURQUTN'S"CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER-
instant relief. . For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter st.
EGYPTIAN HENNA; HAIR DYE; PER-
fectly harmless; easily applied; all dniKeists
T.AVOI/EY & MICHAELS CO., agents, 3. F? '
1 IEAF.V&iSM— AURAPHOXE RESTORES
X/. lost hearing, cores ear defects: ; invisible; book
mailed free. F. F. LAY, IQCalifornia st., s. F.
C> I. A ROOM: CARPKTS CLEANED ON THE
tJpX floor. 206 Leaven su   .;..,.,
ONE MORE CUT— ' r ™~ ~~~ ~ "
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers.... ...From $10 up
Oak Bed 50t5...... ..........:.............. 517 soup
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges.. 1 .....'..::..'. ........\.s3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything
' Cash or time payments. ' .:•: J. NUONAN
1017, 1019.1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
fQ ECQNI)-H AND r AH WELL AS NEW BARS
O showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc.; und a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see slock und get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOONaN, 1017, 1019'
1021, 10*3 Mission St., above -ixth. . ' '
MHS. M. 11. OBER, • HEADQUARTERS OF
Ynsilanti Union Suits end Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout ligu es.
£Ole agent ior Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions;
s-euil for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco. *
yOR FIXE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A."
-T STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
P'artim; SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
A and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. . For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIX-
Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market* 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: tree bus to and from the ferry.', "
LIB.KIi.AI. ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
LD. BUILIU-Nt s BOUGHT ; AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc. : cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
C CLOAKS, CAPES AXD SUITsJ RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factorr. 20 Sansome st.. up3ta!r3.
O" LD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIEd'
clothlnz bought. COJ.M AN. 41 Third sr, ■ .
UKKSSMAKKBd.
SUITS, 98: SKIRTS77SC; SlLlTwASTsT^rritr;
work by the day. 659 Stevenson, near Seventh.
STYLISH DRESSES MADE FROil $4 UP;
perfectUt guaranteed. 621 Geary st. - ■ :
DBKKBES CUT AND FITTED, DRESSES,
popular prices: wnls:s $3. 11 ({eary Kt.
EDUCATIONAL..
R^T^rKL^LLLE'IBrYIJEir^
to 520 Sullerst.: teacherof vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution; ladies nnd
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays; appearances arranged.
T^NGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, KNG-
Xv lisn literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
724 O'Farrell st.
PANISII ACADEMY— A. P. ALVAREZ, ED-
itor Spanish daily newspaper; daily lessons $4
month; alternate lessons $3 month; Castilian pro-
fessors; classes ODen Feb. 3. - 420 Montgomery st.
OMPETENT VOCALIST ILL EXCHANGE
lessons for German, guitar, or piano. C, box
60, Call Offlca.- ;- '
RS. A. MAZZAKA HAS REMOVED TO 1222
Pine St.; French tuition at usual hours.
LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSAKTE. PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. m.
QTUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
O slty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
T lessons; $3 mn. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
fOSKPH GREVEN, ..VOICE IMPROVER. 82
0 Ninth st. : : ,-,-,-., - : . -. - . ,_-.,. - -^.<
GENTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA-
VJ tion will, cive private lessons in • English
branches, booKkeeping, mathematics and sciences;
California credentials and references. r Address E..
box 87, Call Office. . .
rpilE. LEADING SHORTHAND ■- COLLEGE;
,x individual instruction ; ; four months' ; course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
EMELTE MELVILLE WILL * RECEIVE A
XJ limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and • drawing-room sing-
Ing. 2300 Webster St., cor. of Washington. . - :
SPA NISH AND FRENCH ACaDEMi ; CA*
tllian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
93 month ; also painting academy, flowers specfalty,
3 lessous week, $3 month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St., room »7. v
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION r BOOKKEEP-
-I. ing, shorthand/etc Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
il« St.— Board, English. French, pi no, dancing,
SdO a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-*
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
JJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage, j R. sand 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
CUOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MX-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt!
OLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR. CORNET
V taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary reasonable
SPANISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Melßterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, Dusiness practice, shorthand
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catal ogue. " •
VIGHTSCHOOLmEALD'SBUS. COLLIiGE-24
■1-* Post: commercial, shorthand. English : low ra'ei
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO- REA-
sonable. . PROF. FRANCIS. 10451^ Valencia.
CHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNIXU-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1238
Market: send for cat.: day and evening session.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — 'L'li
XX WEEKLY CALL. Id wranper. tor mailing. ■
■.'.-. HEOICAJL. i ~
T.ADIES, ATTENTION — HAVE • A POSI-
XJ tive cure for female complaints; trial bottle
free; mail orders promptly attended to. I Corona
Remedies, 917 Market St., offices 1 and 2.
BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE-
: iief for monthly Irregularities from any cause
by the most experienced ladies' physician in Cali-
fornia; latest method; superior to any; beware of
frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. • DR
and MRS. DA VIES. (14 McAllister st., uext Hi-
bernia Bank, and I avoid blood poisoning or life
injury. ; French F. Pink Pills, $3.
"I ADIES— CHICHKSTER'B ENGLISH PEN-
-J nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best-
safe; reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars; "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return
maii; at druggists. - Chich ester Chemical ■ Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa. . / ,
NEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, INSTRU '
"m en or worthless pills used; : every woman
her own physician for ail female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home:
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
MKS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
' the womb a specialty.. 'JBO Clam st., nr. Fifth.
R. HALL. J4 LUSTER StREKT , NEAR
Diseases of women acd children. v
AL L. I-EMALE IRREGULARITIES R£f
-ii- stored in a few hours ; safe and sure relief at
time; travelers helped 'a; once; home in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
medical ' attendance: ■ low ' fees; regulator, $2
Market. v -- r: ■'-.•■- T-
A DIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE . REGULA'
XJ ting Pills: strongest, safest, - best: never fail-
*l per box. g. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
A; SURE ; CUAS TOB s ALL - FEMALE v X>»
eases, from whatever cause; a home ia con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MR9. DR. GWYEK. Turb st. -- i
■'\? HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416Eiahth St., Alameda.
RS. DR. WEGENER: PRl^ATlfiibaiE IN
: confinement; Irregularities cured :In a few
hours without operation; pills $2. ; 419 Eddy at,-?-;-*:';
A LPEAU'S" FRENCH FILLS. A« BOON. TO
-t\- ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger: '
safe and Rure: $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. ;-, OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.~*T:
11 IRREGULAK ANY FEMALE DISEASE!
X see Mrs. Dr. Pnet* and be j content. lis4Vg 4th.
■-..-; ATTOKNEIfS-AT-JLAW.
wujfTfrlee^^iv'6T^ : e"l^ws™a^^>e^
-t*- ally; private; , no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, ' collections, wills, deeds, etc.," a'-
tended to.' G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 860 Market.
ffl ; J. MURRY.h-ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X. law ; ■ advice free. ;24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
Ww. vidhonTattorn y^at-lXw 1
»»/• Califtwoia iv, raaa. 14-15; tdrlco lie*
■_-;■■_■• : /V: cityvreal ESTATE. - ' _ ; ;_
'CJJQPIjri. NEW 5-ROOM COTTAGE: HARD
*^>>JU\J. finished;. lot 25x106: on Andover aye.,
near East, Holly Park, v* , ,i - :■■'..•■" ■":■?.' : ; ; " '- ..-
PACIFIC : HEIGHTS — NEW HOUSES ON
A Gongh st., nr. Broadway: contain 8 and 9 rooms,
with all the latest' improvements; j prices, $7500
up; easy terms. < Apply on premises. ■■.■■ -_■ -,; •
POME AND SEE . • : - .
\J GOOD LEVEL LOTS,
25x100 to V2O,
- . IN BERKELEY. •
ONLY ?200 EACH. ONLY $1 WEEKLY.
l, BRIGHT PROSPKCTS. >
GOOD VIEWS, SOIL AND DR AI AGE.
.. ; . Free maps; free ride to property. ;.' ; '.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st.
sM OXIF; SOLD TO-DAY : THIS LOT IS
«3)-L^c> worth double; 2: blocks south of the
park; cash; title insurance; see owner at once.
9 Powell at., room 3. . .■•■...*.:-•.;■■ -
FOR SALE' OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28y 3 Zoe st., city. -.-.*.; : /- . .-,--.■;
MUST fBE , SOLD ; v HOUSE AND . LOT ON
" Leavenworth, near Clay (1318): contains 9
rooms, • bath,' electric lightinir, ■ hot-air furnace;
been rented for 560; former price "$B5OO, but now
any reasonable offer will .be accepted.-, MADISON
BURKE. :■ ; *
EXTRAOR V BaKUAi.n 'ii'iiUD.Vlii;.
Price $6500. ' Present income 850. .
Should brine ,-;,.. .. « -..■„: ;■■ •■ . JS>7S a month.
ElegJinf 4-story -fine building on :. heavy - brick
foundation: containing 10 main beautifully fin-
ished rooms. 20 closets, 11 marble, mautels and
grates, 4 bathrooms.' dummy waiter, elevators,
speaking-tubes; bay-windows front and rear; man-
sard - roof, , new : p umbing, sidewalk." sewer and
street work good and complete; -the 28x97:6- foot
lot has open paved alley in rear; iv first-class con-
dition; 5 minutes' walk from Market and Kearny.
• > ■■■ : ' :-r N. D. SICKELS, ■ ■
— the—
. Land Agent,
■'■-'.., 620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel. - , '
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
Xtateand business. of every description. A. ;J.
PROPER & CO.. real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY- WlN-
dow, mantels, etc., built fors32oo: 5-room cottage
a'i.l bath. $1500. JAS McCOXAHAY.iI 49 Mission
TO EXCHANGE.
O^^A^jToß^^O^E^cTSA^aE^F^R^GOOD
c ear property in California— An interest in a
very prosperous manufacturing business near Den-
ver, Colo.; is free from debt; has valuable prop-
erty 1 making money steadily; the interest 01-
-fered pays good interest ou $'20,000; owner com-
pelled to change climate. For particulars call on
or address HARRY M. MORSE, 906 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal. ■ ;
LOS ANGELES CITY AND COUNTY; GOOD
property: exchange for slock ranch; bay or
coast counties; valuation about $30,000. ALBiSRT
K. CRANE, 410 Montgomery st. .
4IONEV TO 'LOAft.'
\io3?ETT7srlakN7^iX^
J-'J- St., room 6. . - - , -
T OANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
XJ city orjcouutry: furniture and pianos; business
6trictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
A DV A NCES ON DIAMONDS, JE \V V , ETC
JTXColumbia Loan it Collateral Office, 9 prant aye.
O% ON FURNITURE WITHOUT REMOVAL;
A 6 %ou real estate. TRAVERS, 632 Market, rm-6.
■A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
X\. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
rants. SALOMON <fc CO., 328 Montgmry,r.2l4.
ON FURNITURE or PIANO PRIVATE
party; low interest strictly privaw. 215 Powell.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
I*l other valuables at the Security. Loan Office,
1106 Market Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECTFROM US ON, YOUR FUBNITUBIfi
or piano; no removal; Ino delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office ,rm. 68, Donohoe bnild'g. 1170 Market sr.
IST&2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
Xtntes;lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrkt.
ORKOW- MONEY ON » V OUR - PIANO WlTH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest: perfect secrecy; private - entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avenue
ONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OR col-
laterals. 'JAMES K. DAMON. 303 Montgy;st.
ONEY LOANED. 6V 3 PER CENT ON MORT-
_ gages.' A. F. JOHN& & CO., 632 Market st.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
XJ mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER. 240 Montgomery.
"PRIVATE PARTY WILL LOAN OX GOOD
X security. X.. box 23, this oßlce.
PAWNBKOKEHS.
A T 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
A loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
FINANCIAL.
dM>7|7m~wTN^Err^^~o
<JPOUv7w erty; good secunty and prompt, inter-
est. : Address F., box 47, Call.
T OANS ON~lsf7AND^b MORTGAGES AND
XJ life insurance policies: , low rate of Interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery s:.
ANY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate: , lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write; opaa
•yenincs. J. NOOXAN. 1021 Mission st.
■'j/.. ,:. ■"TItUSTEES^'SAIiES.'''' : ' /
mRUSTEES' SALE.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
1 X the terms and under the authority of it certain
deed of trust, duly executed dv T. D. BROWN and
SARAH LA DORNA BROWN (his wife), some-
times called SARAH LA DORNA LA MaRSNA
BROWN, parties of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees,
parties of I the second part, and the AN FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party vi the third part,
dated February, 9th, 1891, -and recorded in the
office of the County Recorder of the I County of
Tulare, Slate of California, in Liber 7 of Trust Deeds,
at pages 418 and following, and In pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 29th day of November,
1895, by the bo-ird of directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 10,661), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had b°en made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums.
due under said note and deed of trust, aiid request-
ing and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B." KENT, trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness. ':-■■ •■■' •■:"' •■ .
We .HENRY G CAMPBELL and THADDEUS.
B. Kent, trustees, do hereby give notice, that on
TUESDAY, the 25t>i day of February, A. D.
1896. at 12 o'clock noon "of 'hat day, and at the
auction salesroom of Kaston. Eldridge >fc Co., Nc.
638 Market street, in the City and County of Sau
Krancisco, State of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the hlgheat bidder, for cash iv gola
coin of the United States, all those pieces or par-
cels of land situate in the Counly of Tulare, State
of California, described <is follows, to wit:
. According to the official plats and systems of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
-In township twenty (21) . south, range
twentv-nve (25) . tast, : Mount Diablo base and
meridian. •■'.-■ ;. .
Of section three (3), the northwest quarter of
the southeast quarter (N W. 14 of SE. 1,4), and the
southwest quarter of the northeast quarter (SW.
1/4 of NE.Vi)- ' .
Containing eighty (80) acres of land, more or
less, together, with the appurtenances. *.* '■ '-■ .'- ' ■,
TERMS OF SALK— Cash in gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payablo to t'-e under-
signed ou the fall of the hammer: balance on
delivery of deed; and if not so paid, uuless for
want of title (ten days being allowed for search),
then said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale
to be void. ■'■■ Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. •
- HENRY C, CAMPBELL, \ Trus .- epq
THADDEUS B.KENT, '. J lrll; e es.
rnRUSTEES' SALK.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
JL the terms and under the authority of a cer.ain
deed of trust, duly executed by WILLIAM
SMITH, party , of ; the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBKLL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trus-
tees, parties of the second ' part, and * the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION," party of the
third part, . dated > December . 27th, . 1889, and re-
corded in- the office :' of .'the County Recorder of
the County of Tnlare, Suite of .California, in Liber
.7 of Trust Deeds, at. pages -85 and. following: and
in pursuance of a resolution p»ssed on the 9th day
of January, 1896, by the board of directors Of said
SAX FRANCISCO SAVINGS. UNION, a corpora-
tion, and ..the holder of the i note (No. 9778), to
secure payment •of 'which • the : nforesald deed of
trust was" executed, declaring <■ that default : had
been made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of
trust, und requesting and directing, said HENBY
C. CAMPBELL -and THADDivUS B. KENT,
trustees, to sell the real estate described therein to
satisfy said indebtedness.' : . -:
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. ; KENT, • trustees.*- do hereby give notice, that
on TUESDAY, the 25th day of February, A. D.
1896, at' 12 o'clo -k noon of that day. and at the
auction salesroom- of i KASTON, ELDRIDOE &
CO., No. 638 Market street. in the City and County
of San : Francisco, stale of - California, we will sell
at j public auction, to - the highest bidder, for cash
In gold coiu of the United States, all that piece or
parcel of land, situate in the County of Tulare,
State of California, described as follows, to wit::":-.?:
-." According to the oniciai plats anil svslem of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:.: '
f.ln' township seventeen (17) south, ranue twen-
ty-three . (23) ; east, ; Mount Diablo base and me-
ridian: ■>■':• -yj!-.'r. •■-■ -<■-',• -.;'•'.» i r-', : . : " v ■•.'-.■■.>.-• ..-.>;,': - :
h Of section two (2), the east half of the west half
(E. 1-2 of W. 1/3)- containing one hundred and sixty
(160) i acres ■of , land, more or -les3,' together with
the appurtenances. '.- :; ; -. .-." - •
TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin. of the
United bta.tes;.ten per cent payable to the ; under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance | on : de-
livery of deed: und if not 80 paid, unli ss for want
of title; (ten days being allowed ior 6earch); then
said ten per cent to be forfeited' and' the sale to be
void. Acts of Rale at purchaser's expense. n,
' . HENRY C. CAMPBELL, \__ '.'-'
'■'...' .- : " - : THADDKUB B. KENT.-- }-A r "3tees.
; '7-> v-_.;/- -V . y; PKOPOSAtS. /^ J "';':- ; ''rv
VrOTXCE— NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
IN that I will on THURSDAY, February 6, 1896,
at 2 o'clock r. m., at the -Courthouse in Yuba City,:
sutler County, ':Cal.;'recelve?senled;proposals for
the surrender of ; bonds issued on levee distrlct'No.'
. 1 of ' Sutter County, according to an ' act of the
Legislature approved April 9, 1880, to the amount
of ten thousand ($10,000) dollars. -• No bid 3 above
par will be accepted. All bonds must accompany
the bids. ■■■■■- *immtm l.- jr. cope, • ,
- Treasurer Suiter County, Cal, "
, Vuba City, January 22, 1896.
• coijntki: real, estate. \ ,
■E5TA8L15HED......... ....... .....;.16 YEARS
•iV'. N. D. SICKLES,
THE
: LAND AGENT.
: SALE and EXCHANGE- of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most . . •
RELIABLE, I/ARGEHT AND :
BEST SYSTEMATIZED • LAND OFFICE IN
-• \ AMERICA. :
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
IpOR SALE OR EXCHANGK- RANCHNKAR
-I- Stockton: S 917 acres: 600 in grain; completely
stocked: station on land; easy terms, or lease same
to s responsible ■ party. -Inquire owner, 132-134
First st. ■ • -■;.-•.■. .- :.; .■ .-.
T7>OR < SALE— ONE-THIKD ITS VALUE, 800
-1 acres; all fenced:- well watered: pleniy oak
timber; can grow tobacco, lemons and oranges, etc.,
two weeks ahead of any on Pacllic slope. Address
A. F., box 16. Call. . - - -
1 fid. ACR KS GOOD FRUIT OR GRAIN
-LV/*± land, near S. P. R. R.. at $10. Address F.
H. W.,1109 Van Nes3 aye. . :.
,TT»OR SALE ON FAVORABLE TERMS—
-L acre 3 grazing and ranch land containing seve-
ral ledges, one partially developed: ore mills $8
per ton; subject to investiKation; owner lacks capi-
tal; title. U. S. patent. Address or call ou J. H.
TQ\G. ClarksvlDe. El Dorado County, Cal.
A 10 AUKc CdLIGKHiSt KANCHES •ON 10
tt years' credit. D. H. TWTKO. Sonoma Clty.Cai.
C^RANGE BLOSSOM COLONY.
' oakdale, stanislaus CO.. CAL. *
Beautiful youn» oraniro groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Paciric Railroad onthe line between
ttocKtou and Merced. The Stanislaus and Sau
Joaquln Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and ike property baa a per-
petual water right. ■ , r - : --■■■.-. T
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean ■ Sweets and Maltese
Blood 3. TLw property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced hortlculturisc
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
i consideration cares for tne orange groves for non-
residents. •
 A hish and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
: Prices for land. Including a perpetual water rlscht
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per e*re. Unim-
proved land i witn fully paid up water rlphts, $70
per acre. Terms: Tne purchase price payable In
six annual payments, - without Interest; titia per-
iect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
■ dress ■ '■ -■ ■ . - ■. ■ ■-.-. ■ .-. ■ .
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
038 Market Street. .
- San Francisco. Cal.
OrF. T. KNEWING, our representative.
___^ ■ . - Oakdale, CaL
MARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. ..-,
■ Rancho de Novato. - -
Tracts cnt any size desired; fruit, 1 . grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular. . ■
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE JNVES 1 MIiJNT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. f WOOSTER <fc WHITTON. San Jose.
"PDWIN K. ALSIP <fc CO.,
REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
COUNTRY KEAL ESTATE A SPECIALTY.
$t4ft nnn A LARGE business block IN
'ID'iO.UUVJ. Oakland on corner lot 100x80 con-
sisting of stores, lodgeroom, lodging-bouse,
etc.; will take as part payment Improved
ranch valued at $30,000 and balance can re-
■ main on mortgage.
rpO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP: WELL LOCATED
J- piece of San Francisco business property that
pays 5 percent net on $90,000: will be Ex-
changed in part for a $40,000 desirable ranch,
balance remaining on a mortgage.
<D»"1 QfWi— 22 ACRES 4. MILES FROM NAPA
«JP-L OUU City; 2 acres in full bearing and. 18
. : ' acres in'young orchard; some scattering oak
timber; living stream of water on one side;
house of 4 rooms and fair-sized barn;, spring
water piped to house; easy terms of payment,
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
9 Rotunda, Mills Buildin?,
■ -•..■■ ■ - San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND EEAL ESTATE.
CjXAA— $lOOO, $2500, TO LOAN On'iIEAL
tip O\J\J estate. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway,
Oakland. . .
ETIRING MERCHANT WISHES TO TRADE
his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch near
Haywards or San Leandro. For full particulars
address box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
"OROADWAY OR WASHINGTON ST., SAT-
-t> urday, agate pin. Reward 658 Twenty-flrst st.,
Oakland.
IMPROVED RANCH OF 40 ACRES, 4 MILES
from Auburn, on urass Valley road; house, 6
rooms, barn and outbuildings; 8 acres in orchard:
all farming implements and stock: value $5000;
will ' exchange for good Oakland property. E. E.
BUNCE, 10U8 Broadway, Oakland.
H*or.nn $4500, $9000— SEVERAL NEW
•JTOUl'v/ . houses to trade for country property;
also houses built ■ on the Installment plan by
A i .DEN & GARFIELD, builders. 902 Broadway.'
fl WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOT*?. "
1 $100— Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cap. .-.■;.■■,, ..,%■ .i- *.-.;: .. ■
$ITS-iot 25x135; $1 weekly. .
$250— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 26x1U0; $1 50 weekly: macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. - . . ,
Qzinnn FOR exchange— 4-room cot"
«4P"i:\/UV/. tage and basement; lot 75x120; in
Southwest Berkeley; value $2500 clear, and
$1500 cash for good central Oakland property. \V.
I. ROBINSON, 459 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
<Bi IOH LOTS AT FRUIT VALE STATION;
<£)I.\)\J. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL. >
O (\ MONTHLY FOR ROOM COTTAGES-
tIpAXJ plans free. F. BO IBGLE. Golden Gate statn.
<R1 RA LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
VP-LOVJ. Frnitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
«ndslaweek: selling fast: good improvement*.
H. B. PINNEV. owner. tH)J Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND KOO.MS TO LET. :
U^NTSHEd" R6^M^r^RANSlENI\~i2i
Market s'.. Oakland, near station.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KKAL ESTATE.
QANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
I9,(J00 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPB, proprietor.
\ £2 East Santa Clara St., B»n Jose, CaL
X'AKTNEKSHIP JN OTIUES.
■M OTICE— THE STOCK OF GOODS ANB^BOOK
-ii . accounts and goort will of the "Alia Soap Com-
pany" were ■ sold and transferred by WILLIAM
A. ENGWER to his sons— WILLIAM A. ENG-
WER JR. and EDWARD A. ENGWER— Janu-
ary 15, 1896. Subject to the payment by them of
all th<» liabilities of said business. | The business of
the Alta Soap Company will be carried on by
WILLIAM A. ENGWER JR. and EDWARD A.
ENGWER at the same Dlace, 109 and 111 Oregon
st. . Si\i> Francisco. Cal.
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICES
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
j X Valley Railway Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. city and County of San
•Francisco, State of California."-
-i Notice— There are delinquent upon the following-
described stock on account of assessment No 4
levied on the 10th day of December, 1895. the
several amounts set opposite the names of the
. respective shareholders, as follows: .
. No. No.
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer, *' ™" Amt *
James D. PhelaD. Lovell ' . \ .
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
k Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. < . " .
Van Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees....: 465 1' £10
A. B. Spreckels. Daniel Meyer, 7 7.
; Jame3 D. Phelan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. ;
Van - Sicklen, . Christian de
- Gnigne, tru5tee5.....:........... 445 2 20
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer, ; - *■- -
James .D. ; Phelan. Lovell c '
White. O. D.Baldwin, James
Cross, Tho-nas Brown, F. W. .. ~-':t
; Van Sickien, Christian •• de '
Gnigne, tru5tee5.. ...;.......'.... 606 1 10
A. B. : SDreckels,- Daniel Meyer, .
James D. Phelan, . Lovell .
Wuite, O. D. Baldwin. James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W.
: Van •: Sicklen, :: Christian .de
• Guigne, trustees ......688. 1 10
A. B. SpreckeJs, Daniel. Meyer, "■•;
--:■ James D. Phelan, ' Lovell _
-White, O D. Baldwin, James
' Cross, Thomas Brown. F. -W.
: Van Sicklen, Christian de
; Guifne, trustees.....-....:...'.... 508 .1 10
; And in accordance with law and order of the
Board of Directors made on the 10th day of Dccc m-
ber, 1695, so many shares of each parcel of such
■tock as may be necessary will be sold at ' public
auction at the office of said company. No. 321
Market at., In I the City and County of Ban Fran-
ci co, State of California, on the 26th day of Jan-
uary, 1896. at the hour of eleven (11) o'clock a. m.
of said day to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs rof : advertising ; and
expensesof sale. ""•■■"•v ■"- - - ■ ..*':,
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary. 1
Office, No. 321 Market st., t-an Francisco.
; ' */. : , POSTPONEMENT. "
;:' •, By order of the Board of Directors of said cor-
poration i. made - and / entered - upon the '■;-■ records
thereof upon the 21st day of January,' 1896, the
date of i the ■ delinquency of said assessment was .
postponed until the 21st day of- January, 1896.' and
the date of sale of such delinquent stock was post-
poned' until ~ the 10th day of ; February, 1896, at
eleven (11) o'clock a. m. of said day. ■: ..-■»-.>•/,- -
|> ; .:_r : ALEX ANDKB MACKIE, SecretUJ.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
fßirth, marrlago ana death; notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. . They must, be banded iv at
cither of the publication otMce3 and be InUorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same publi&hed.J- ,
' BOKN. :
BERG— this city, February 2, 1896, to the wife
of Gog W. Ber?, a son. . • » f
DUNLEAVY-In this city, January 23, 1896.
10 the wife of J. J. Dunleavy, a daughter.
FRANKLIN-In this city, January' 30, 1896, to
the wife of A. Franklin, a son.
GARDNER-In Oakland. January 31, 1896, to tne
wife of William J. Gardner, a daughter.
GERDAU— January 31, 1896, to the wife of H. J.
, Uerdau, twins— • .:.
MKYER-In this city, Jsiiuary 30. 1896. to the
wife of William J. Meyer, a daughter.
MULLEN— January SO, IS9»\ to tte wife of John
C. Mullen, a son. - ■..-.-.
MUSSETT-In this city. January 30, 1896, to the
• wife of George W. Mussett, a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city. January ', 24, 1896, to the
wife of M. J. O'Brien, a daughter.
REYNOLDS— In this city. Jannarv '.'l. 1896. to the
wife of Charles A. Reynolds Jr., adaugmer.
WILLIAMSON-In this city, January 23. 1896.
to th.- wnv 01 >;. T, Williamson, a daughter.
MARRIED.
PRITCHARD-In th* city. January
14, 1896. by the Rev. William Kirby," Edward J.
Campion and Rose A. Prltchard. ■■-<<■
HEBBRING- si NTZ-In this city, January 21,
1H96, by the Rev. \V. D. Williams, L. J. Heb-
brlng of Gazelle and A. Sintz of San Francisco.
MULLEN-STRONG-In this city, January 28.
1896, by the Rev. W. D. Williams, J. Frank Mul-
len and Laura Strong, both of s H n Francisco. .
Bateman, Josie - . Moore, Will S
Campbell. Charles J. Moos, Harry
Gladstone, William Pepper. Thomas A,
'■ nth rle, Mrs. Mary ■ Powers. Alfred M. '
Jones, Griffith ■ Richardson, Ruth
Lane, Frederick M. Schels. Heleae ,
Lipman, Aaron Stetson, Manjaret O.
Logue. James \ Swlnrrton, Roy C.
tman. Francis Valles. John E.
McDevitt, Edward C. Will, Hermann
McKenney, Michael J. Winters, Marie L.
Wolf, Loralne H.
BATEMAN— In this city. February 2. 1896, Josie
Bateman, Jieloved sister of M.l., J. C, Nellie,
Katie and Nora Bateman, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
CAMPBELL— In this city, January 28, 1896.
Charles J. Camnbell, a native of the United
States, aced 57 yenrs.
GLADSTONE-In this city, February 1, 1898. Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Glad-
stone, and father of Joseph and HerDert Glad-
stone and Mrs. Georee Waldron of Oakland, a na-
tive of England, aged 68 years and 2 months.
JffiS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from Knights of
. Pythias Castle, 909 Market street. Members of
: Friendship Lodge, K. of H.. and Bay City I>odge,
K. and L. of H., also Amalgamated Society of
Smiths and Engineers, are invited to attend.
GUTHRIE— In this city, February 1, 1896, Mrs.
. Mary Guthrie, a native of Ireland, aged 88 years.
«»"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
' (Monday), from the residence of her niece, Mrs.
L. Ryan, 3 Calhouu j street. Please omit Mowers.
JONES— In this city, February 1, 1896, Griftitli
Jones, a native of Carnarvonshire, Wales, aged
26 years. • .
*3*Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the par-,
lors of Craig. Cochran & Co.. 26 Mint avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemeteryr
LAXE-In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 2, 1896, Frederick M. Lane, aged 61 years.
LIPMAN- In this city, February ■1, 1596. Aaron
Lippman, beloved brother of Henry, Morris and
Leopold Lipman, Mrs. J. A. Alexander, Mrs. B.
Hirshfeld, Mrs. M. Marks and Mrs. A. Erb, a na-
tive of Schneidemuhl, Prussia, aged 54 years and
11 months. .
Friends and acquaintauces ar« r<»<!D°3t-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from his late resi-
dence, 121 Grove street. Interment New Salem
Cemetery, San Mateo Connty.
LOGUE —In this city, February 1. 1896,
James, beloved husband of Ann and father of
' Lizzie. Katie, Thomas, James and Edward
' Joseph Logue, a native of County Derry, Ireland,
aged 47 years 1 mouth and 6 days. •
Friends and acquaintances arf resneet-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, southeast corner Seventh avenue and
Clement street, thence to Star of the Sea Cnurcn,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing a 10
o'clock a. it. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. ' ■• •
LOTTMAN— In this city, February 2, 1896, Fran-
cis Lottman, a native of San Diego, aged 7 years
9 months and 3 aays.
McDEVITT— In this city, February 1, 1896, Ed-
ward C. deariy beloved husband of Mary E. Mc-
Devitt (nee Skelly), father of Gertie. Lulu and
May McDevitt. beloved son of , the late Margarette
Murphy, and brother of John. Thomas and An-
drew McDevitt and Frank and William Murphy,
a native of New ■ York City, aged 41 years • 3
months and 6 days. ■ -, ;..-.,.
Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 7 Miller place, off Folsom, between
Fourth and Fifth, thence to St. Patrick's Church
at 10 o'clock a. n. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McKENNEY— In this city, February 2, 1896,
. Michael J., beloved son of the late Jobaunah Mc-
: Kenney. and brother of Mary, Julia, Annie and
John McKenney. a native of Wlllimantic, Conn.,
aged 27 years 1 month and 10 days.
Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1 Sheridan street, off Ninth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MOORE— In this City, February 1, 1896, Will S.,
beloved husband of Erminie Prouty Moore,
son of George A. and Elizabeth J. Moore, and
brother of Herbert 8., George J. and Harry T.
Moore, Mrs. Charles X. Langley and Mrs. George
W. Fitch, a native of Kansas, aged 29 years 4
months and 18 days. . -• : <
JK9"Friendg and acquaintances are respect-
full invited to attend the. funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock v p. m., -from the First
Baptist Church, Eddy street, between Jones and
Leavenworth. Interment private.
Moo3— ln East Oakland. February 1, 1896. Harry
Moos, a native of Germany, aged 31 years.
PEPPER— this city, February 1, 1896, Thomas
A. Pepper, son of Catherine Pepper, a native of
. Providence, R. 1., aged 17 years 7 months and H
days. : * '
. *3*Friends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock a. it., from his lat
■ residence. 132% Thirteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church, corner Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where services will be held
commencing at 11 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . .
POWERS— In tnis city, February 1, 1896, Alfred
M.. youngest and beloved son of P. J. and the late
Ellen Theresa Powers, brother of Phllomena A.,
Isabelle M., Edward and David -P. Powers, and
nephew of Mrs. M. O'Keefe, a native of San Fran
Cisco,' aged « : years 11 1 months and 29 days.
f liuiTa'.o, Troy and Cohoes (N. V.) papers pieaa
copy. ] .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2:30. o'clock p.m.. from the resi
aence of bis parents, 410 Bryant street.'
RICHARDSON— In San Rafael, February 1, 1896,
Rut* Hichardson, a native of San Rafael, agec
4 years and 6 months.
SCHELS— In this city. February 1, 1896, Helene.
beloved wife of August Scliels, and mother o
Joseph Peter Stang. Mrs. F. Diem, Mrs.W. Dunn
and the late William Stang, a native of Baaen
: ' Germany, aged 50 years 4 months and 11 days.
- Ohio papers p.". ease copy. J
£S"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DA\
(Monday),' at 2:31) o'clock p. m.. from her lato
residence, 2330 Greenwich street, between Pierce
and Steiner. Interment National Cemetexv,
Presidio. •
STKTSON-In this city, . January 31, 1896, Mrs.
Margaret Osband Stetson, wife of Albert Stetsou
aged til years, and 2 months. [Chicago papers
please copy. j: ,• , - . '
«3"The funeral will take place Tn.t3 DAY
(Monday),'' et 10 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence, 1416V2 Washington street. -
SWINERTON-In this city, February 1, 189«
Roy C. Swinerton, youngest son of Artnur W.
and Minnie A. Swinerton, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 4 years 7 months and 14 days.
#3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service
THIS DAY (Monday), at 2 o'clock P. M.. a
the residence of his aunt, Mrs. H. ( . Bunker, 35
Hill street, between Valencia and Guerrero.
Interment private. Please omit flowers. .-■ ■. -
VAILES— In this c(ty, January 31. 1896, John E
F. Vailes, a native of England, aged 72 years and
5 months. ■_■"
WILL-In West Berkeley, January 30, 1896, Her-
mann Will, a native of Germany, ased 6tJ year
10 months and 6 days.
WINTERS— In this city, January 31, 1896, Marie
L., beloved wife of L. Winter?, and daughter . of
Mrs. C. Schneegass, und sister of Mrs. A. Goeh-
ring and Bertha, Amelia, Fre.l and Adolph
Schneegass, v native of New York City, aged 26
years 7 months and 20 days. • A member of th
Klntraciit Ladies' Society and "Loreley Verein.
j&3* Friends : and acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeril THIS DAY
(Monday), at ' 2 o'clock p. ic., from I her late resi-
dence, 2097 a Golden Gate avenue, between Lyon
and Lot! atreets. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
WOLF-In this city, January 31. 1896, Loraln
, Holden Wolf, a native of San Franci»co, agel 20
year 3 and 6 months. . ' . • -■ •
"" - ' UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
. Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
;. at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. \ 27 and 29 Fifth street.
5 MCAVOY.& GALLAGHER, j
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
. .20 Fifth Ht., Opp.' Lincoln School;
' Telephone 3080." ;;'" '.
~ CYPRESS LAWN CEHETERY7
TN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAN}
J- laid out on the lawn plan ; perpetual care; I bean> j
tlfol, permanent and easy of access; see it before I
twiiiz a burial place elsewhere. "<■ l| "IM/Mfc Midi
City office, H City Hall a.t.bo«.
1314
DR. BROWN WAS
IN EVIDENCE
Contented Himself With
Merely Defining His
Legal Rights.
AT EVENING SERVICE.
He Made a Plain Talk to the
Youhg Christian En
deavorers.
BAY ASSOCIATION COMMITTEE.
The Minutes Show That They Had
and Still Have Full Power
to Investigate.
According to the programme announced
exclusively in The Call, Dr. C. O. Brown
surrendered the pulpit of the First Con
gregational Church to Professor R. R.
Lloyd yesterday. This he did of his own
vqlition in deference, as he publicly stated,
to the wishes of his friends. He made it
clear at the same time that he did not pro
pose to relinquish in the slightest degree
his legal rights to nis position as pastor,
and that he reserved the right to occupy
the pulnit at any time he felt disposed to
do so.
There was a good attendance in the
morning, though a considerable portion of
it was composed of strangers, drawn
thither by the original announcement that
Dr. Brown was to preach. Dr. Brown
stated that he thought there was the usual
attendance of members, while those who
ere opposed to the pastor claimed that
there was a fallinsr oft.
Dr. Brown opened the services in the
customary manner and also announced
the hymns. There was a brief consulta
tion between him and Professor Lloyd, at
the conclusion of which the latter offered
up prayer, in the course of which he said:
Bless our pastor. Help him in this his hour
of trouble, when people seem to be trying to
destroy him.
Dr. Brown announced that the regular
weekly meeting of the Young People's
Society for Christian Endeavor would be
held in the church at (»:30 o'clock. He
also announced that on Wednesday night
there would be a meeting in the church to
decide upon the passage of the resolution
adopted by the. joint committee. "This
notice/ he said, "is eiven according to
the constitutional requirements of this
Church." He added that he had a few
words to say of a persoual nature and then
spoke as follows:
1 have reconsidered my determination to oc
cupy my pulpit. This action was taken on the
advice of two or throe kind friends, who are
near to me, and whose full confidence I have.
But in so doing I surrender none of the legal
rights I possess. I retain the right to return to
my pulpit whenever I choose, and until then I
shall personally— the church will not— invite
tome friend to preach for the church.
In view of the fact that for thirty-six days
the daily newspapers have devoted a page or
more to ray reputation I do not wonder that
some of these people have lost their confidence
in me.
I do not want to create any dissension among
the people of my church, and it is simply out
of regard for them that I have determined
upon my present course.
"r; deference to my friends I shall invite my
frieii- Mr. Lloyd to supply my pulpit from
time to time, until the tribunal shall pass upon
the tirribie things that have been said about
me.
I am ;;lad to see that thechurch Is not to be
empty, a. fine were sure it would be by the
announcement that the pastor would preach.
From this point Professor R. ft. Lloyd
led the services. His discourse was what
he termed an expository sermon and was
based on the first four verses of the first
chapter of St. Luke. It was divided into
Jour heads, as follows: The writer, the
Bources, the manner and the motive.
Mr?. Sarah B. Cooper, her daughter Hat
tie, Mrs. Brown and Valentine Brown
were among those in attendance. But
neither Mrs. Stockton nor Mattie Overman
■was visible.
Some time ago it was stated that when
Dr. Brown and Mattie Overman made the
trip to Tacoina in company the minister
•procured a ticket for Miss Overman, repre
senting her to be his niece. Inquiry at the
railroad office elicited the statement that
there was no record to show that any such
representation had been made.
YOUNG ENDEAVORERS.
They Have Dr. Brown as a Guest
and Are Addressed by
Him.
Dr. Brown attended the meeting of the
Cnristian Endeavorers last night at the
First Congregational Church, and assured
them that he stiil felt that his life was con
secrated to God. The young people made
no comment, although at the close of the
meeting several of the leading spirits ex
pressed surprise that Dr. Brown should
have insisted on being with them under
the circumstances.
The society has taken a very decided
stand. When Dr. Brown announced his
intention of occupying the pulpit, a large
proportion of the society felt that it would
be unwise to even meet in the church and
arranged to have their meeting at the resi
dence of Miss Myrtle Simpson on Leaven
worth street. But when the fact that
Professor R. R. Lloyd was to preach Sun
day's sermon was given out, this project
was given over.
There was a meeting of a portion of the
society yesterday morning. It was there
brought out that the organization felt it
indelicate, under the circumstances, for
Dr. Brown to preach until he had cleared
himself of the charges now pending,
although they were desirous that he should
have every chance to accomplish this end.
The Sabbath -school teachers, who all be
long to the Christian Endeavor Society
were in attendance with their classes in
the morning. In the evening they assem
bled in the large schoolroom for the weekly
endeavor meeting.
The surprise was very general when Dr.
Brown, his wife and son entered Dr
Brown took a front seat. Mrs. Brown and
her son were seated in the body of the
room.
Miss Simpson presided at the meeting.
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
- ABSOLUTELY PURE
She had not intended to lead, but she
consented to do so as soon as she under
stood that Dr. Brown was not to occupy
the pulpit and would probably not be pres
ent at their meeting.
As is usual, the latter part of the meet
ing was given up to those who wished to
consecrate themselves to the work of the
society. One member thought the habit
that some had of consecrating themselves
to the work at each meeting was hardly
necessary. When all had spoken who
wished, Dr. Brown arose.
His statements were particularly signifi
cant by his position.
"I am quite in accord with our brother
who thinks one consecration only is neces
sary," he said. "I consecrated myself to
the work of this society long ago. I have
never felt that I have failed in the obliga
tions I then took. If I had done so I can
assure you I would not be here to-night. I
believe honestly and with my whole heart
that my life has been consecrated to
Christ."
He spoke of the work he hoped to do and
assured his hearers that it was not till
they should devote themselves to the work
of the Savior that they would realize how
sweet and how full were the lives of those
thus consecrated. Then a large lady arose
and quoted from the Sermon on the
Mount:
Blessed are the poor in spirit; for theirs is
the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed are they that mourn; lor they Bhi-11
be comforted.
Blessed are the meek; for they shall inherit
the earth.
A song and a few addresses followed.
The audience was preparing to disband
when Dr. Brown again arose and called
out:
"I wish to make an explanation."
There was an instant hush. The expla
nation was not what was anticipated. He
explained that all were invited cordially
to attend the regular evening service in
the upper part of the church.
There was an assemblinir in little groups
before the licht was turned out. Some in
dignation was expressed at Dr. Brown's
having attended the meeting when lie
knew the feeling of the majority of the
society.
"1 was surprised," said the president,
"to see him. But, then, I just said to
myself, 'he's only our guest, now,' and I
went on with my work of leading. You
see it was different from what it would
have been if we had felt that he was to
really be over us all."
There was nothing in the evening service
at the church that suggested even in
directly anything in connection with the
trouDle. Dr. Brown and his family occu
pied a rear pew on the center aisle. The
church was not well lilled.
At the conclusion of the service Dr.
Brown remained standing in his pew and
held an informal levee. As the congrega
tion tiled past him, large numbers stopped
to shake his hand warmiy and make some
encouraging remark. There were others,
though, who passed him coldly. They
looked over his head or at the other side of
the church. It was noticeable that Dr.
Brown made no mistake in those to whom
he proffered his hand.
THE COMMITTEE POWER.
Ministers of the Bay Association
Establish Their Authority In
the Case.
The committee representing the Bay As
oci ation, in spite of the fact that it form
ally adjourned last Monday night, will in
all probability ask Dr. Brown to furnish
them with such proofs of his innocence as
he mignt possess. This action is due to
the fact that the committee has just dis
covered that it has certain powers which,
under the circumstances, cannot be over
looked, even if it does force Dr. Brown to
CO against the advice of his attorneys.
On January 13 Rev. Dr. Brown asked the
Bay Association to appoint a commit
tee to investigate the charges that had
been made acainst the moral side of his
life. The request was promptly acceded
to, and on the following Wednesday night
the reverend gentleman spoke to his con
gregation as follows:
I have asked the Bay Association, which has
not the same ministerial membership as the
Bay Conference, to appoint a committee whose
character will bo above suspicion to canvass
the evidence and to do that in connection
with the standing committee of this churcn.
and to make a report to the public, which they
will be asked to accept till the close of this
case in court.
This I have done without the slightest hint
from any one that there was a demand for it
from any member of this church. Some words
have been reported to me that some one had
haid something ought to be done. Xo one
has approached me with any demand that
there shall be an investigation. I under
stand the temper of my people, and I know
that these reports are untrue and an injustice
to you.
I know what my rights are in the case, and
shall proceed in this matter on tne full limits
of my rights, as I do now in placing the matter
In the hands of the standing committee ap
pointed when no passions had been aroused in
the church— in asking that they shall take
charge of the documents ana statements that
affect my reputation, and give forth to the
community such a statement as they may
deem proper to make public, withholding such
portions as might be improperly used.
The joint committee, or board of in
quiry, as it was called, held four meet
ings, finally deciding that the Bay Asso
ciation committee was not intrusted with
any authority to act in the matter. The
standing committee then expressed confi
dence in the integrity of their pastor and
asked the public at Jarge to suspend judg
ment until after the Davidson trial. With
this resolution, which was published in
The Call of January 28, the joint commit
tee was formally dissolved.
It appears now, however, that the Bay
Association committee did not fully under
stand nor appreciate their rights in the
premises. When it came to getting di
rectly at the facts in the case, according to
a member of the Bay Association, Dr.
Brown questioned their right to go that far.
The minntes of the meeting on January
13 tell a different story from this, however.
The record was written by the secretary,
Rev. W. H. Tubb, during the session, be
cause, as he stated yesterday, he antici
pated just such a misunderstanding as has
now come up. That section of the minutes
bearing directly on the latitude of the
committee reads as follows:
Rev. C. O. Brown, D.D., addressed the asso
ciation, closing with a request that a commit
tee be appointed to investigate the matter now
In the courts involving his ministerial career
On motion of Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D. Rev
W. D. Williams, Rev. W. C. Pond and Rev H
H. Wikoff were elected to serve as said com
mittee.
"I can appreciate a misunderstanding
on the part of the committee," said Rev.
Mr. Tubb yesterday, "though this does not
in any sense alter the fact that they still
have an official existence. I anticipated
just some such trouble as this, and so took
the precaution to write the minutes as the
meeting progressed. The committee can
not dissolve until it has fulfilled the mis
sion for which it was appointed.
"Dr. Brown asked for an investigation,
and the committee has full power to act
in fact, they can only do their duty by go
ing ahead. They have full right to de
mand of Dr. Brown such evidence as be
might possess which bears on the case, and
they cannot adjourn until this has been
done. A few days ago Dr. Williams asked
for a cony of the minutes, which I fur
nished him. Whether he has brought this
matter before his associates or simply al
lowed it to drop I am not prepared to'sav.
"If I was Dr. Brown I would do one
of two things, I would demand instantly
a thorough investigation or else I would
call everything off and continue to brazen
the thing out to the end. His policy is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1896.
suicidal, and I am afraid he will realize
that only when it is too late."
Deacon Barnard was asked, on Saturday,
for the records of the joint committee and
other documents from the Bay Association.
Particular inquiry was made concerning
the copy of the minutes of the last-named
institution, which Dr. Williams said had
been tnrned over to him.
Deacon Barnard picked out the paper
from a pile of others and made a move
ment as though to deliver it, when it oc
curred to him to look it over. This was
the first time he had ever read the docu
ment and his face showed plainly the sur
prise he felt.
"This is very peculiar," he said, and he
immediately folded up the paper and re
fused to allow it to be read. He refused to
discuss the paper at all, except to Bay that
there was a mistake somewhere.
The committee has the power to open
the case at any time, and it is understood
that a meeting will be held to-night to
discuss the situation.
MRS. COOPER'S CLASS.
The Attendance Was Larger Yester
day Afternoon Than Ever
Before.
The attendance yesterday at the Bible
class conducted by Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper
was very large, in fact larger than any of
the members remember it to have been
before.
"It was a most beautiful lesson," said
one enthusiastically. "There were be
tween three and four hundred here." No
resolutions were passed whatever.
"I would not allow such a thing," Mrs.
Cooper explained. "I wish only kindli
ness and harmony to exist here. Nothing
has been said and nothing wili ever be
said, you may be assured, in our class."
In the lesson expounded by Mrs. Coo per
she dwelt on the following points:
"True faith overcomes all obstacles."
"There is hope for all men." "Human
forgiveness is the tyre and assurance of
divine forgiveness." "Jesus was always
speaking words of hope and cheer."
Rhe said that people who watch for the
evil all the time are not likely to discover
Car No. 40 of the Sutro Electric Road Leaving the Rails at Thirty-first Avenue.
[Sketched by a " Call " staff artist.]
the good, and as illustrations she spoke of
those who watch for evil in children, ser
vants and neighbors, and of those who
criticize books harshly. "All this," she
said, "distorts and twists the judgment.
"The rudest hand can pull down and
destroy; it does not require much skill to
do this. It is easier to criticize than to
commend. It takes a master hand to
point out the beauties rather than the de
fects.
"Mai Muller says: 'It is the heart that
makes the true critic, not the nose.'
"But the power of good," she continued,
"is present to heal, in spite of all carpers
and quibblers, and all power for good is of
God, no matter who is present hence; one
with God is always a majority."
TIRED OF STRUGGLING.
Louis Kvian, an Aged Frenchman, Poor
and Depressed, Tries to Take
His Life.
Louis Evian, a lodger at the Sutter
street House, presents a pitiable spec
tacle as he lies on a cot at the Receiving
Hospital. His face, white from loss of
biood, expresses the hopelessness of a man
at the end of his resources.
At one time Evian was a prosperous
tradesman, with a Jaundry on O'Farrell
street and a bank account at Belloc
Freres. This was all lost. 4 month ago
his wife died. This was the crowning
misfortune. Despondent though he was,
he still sought employment. He is 62
years of age, and at every place he met the
answer that he was too oid. At last he de
cided to give up the struggle.
At 7 o'clock yesterday morning he tried
to cut an artery in his right arm. To save
the bed clothing from stains he stretched
his arm over a porcelain vessel after hav
ing slashed it in several places. Then he
awaited death.
But he had not cut deep enough. No
arteries were severed, and he was discov
ered in his room at 11 o'clock, weak from
loss of blood but still alive. An ambulance
was at once summoned and he was sent to
the hospital.
Fell From the Train.
John Rodden, a shoemaker living at 923
Harrison street, met with a severe acci
dent last evening at the ocean beach.
With a hundred or more people he rushed
to catch the last train going to town. The
tram moved out of the depot before Rod
den reached the platform and he made a
flying leap for the step as it passed him.
He missed his footing and was hurled to
the ground. Both legs and knees were
badly cut and bruised. The injured man
was sent to the Receiving Hospital. It will
be a week or more before Rodden will be
able to walk.
All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, Chmaware, Glassware and
Tinware
CEEArKSTOF ALL. TRY THEM.
Very Pretty Dishes. Very Cheap Prices.
62 Market street, S. F., Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
CRUSHED IN
A SUTRO CAR
Serious Accident on the Pop
ular Line to the
Cliff.
SEVEN PEOPLE INJURED.
One of the New Cars Jumps the
Track at a Curve Near
Thirty-Third Avenue.
RUSH OF TRAVEL CAUSED IT.
—————
A Woman Badly Hurt and Several
Others Cut and Bruised— Cause
of the Accident.
There was a serious accident yesterday
on the Sutro Railroad, a car jumping from
the track at Thirty-third avenue. Seven
men and women were badly hurt and oth
ers were more or less bruised.
MissEmilie Sutter, living at 2718 Pine
street, was sitting on the forward end of
the car and was violently thrown off, her
head striking the rail. Her skull was frac
tured and her body badly bruised. She
was removed to her home in an uncon
scious condition, and at a late hour last
night had not recovered her senses.
Mrs. J. Boucher of 718 Oak street, carry
ing her baby and accompanied by her hus
band, was sitting on the after part of the
car. She was thrown off. Her left leg
was hurt and she was otherwise injured
internally. The infant was also bruised
on several parts of its body.
I. Koshland of 808 Pine street .had his
ankle dislocated and fractured, also re
ceiving other injuries.
Miss Horton of 3415 Point Lobos avenue
was thrown to the ground and received
cuts on th,e face and foot.
Miss Marie Leonhardt of 1314 Broderick
street was slightly hurt by falling on the
track.
With great crowds standing at every
street crossing waiting for the cars that
were already crowded to overflowing, the
Sutro road from Central avenue to the
Cliff House went through its first Sunday.
From morning till night a mass of people
surged around and piled in and out of
those cars -after making it impossible for
one crowd to take the place of the other.
The coaches would move off with their
mass of passengers, slowly because the
motorman knew the new machinery and
stiff road curves would not stand any sort
of speed. The nickel fare and the bright
Sunday after weeks of cloud and rain drew
the thousands to the warm, bright beach,
the new baths and Cliff House.
About 1 o'clock in the afternoon car 40,
overcrowded with passengers, went off the
rails at the car house on Thirty-third
avenue. The coach was bound towards
the City and rounding the sharp curve at
the corner of the Pythian Cemetery the for
ward trucks left the track. The car was
moving slowly but it was on the down
grade and the great weight of the load of
passengers drove it ahead over the ties and
into the 6and. The people on the open
portions and hangine on the outside were
shaken off in all directions and in the
panic those inside the coach making frantic
and needless efforts to escape made the
confusion all the greater.
By the force of the collision many of the
passengers were thrown off and several
were hurt, as already described.
Immediately the superintendent of the
road, wh<» was at the carhouse, telegraphed
for Dr. Frank B. Fetrie, the physician of
the company, and for carriages for the in
jured people. Everything possible was
done for the disabled passengers by the
railroad officials, and upon the arrival of
the hacks they were sent to their respect
ive homes. Dr. Petrie by orders of Mayor
Sulro visited all the injured passengers
last evening.
The car was not badly damaged, and by
inquiry among the passengers themselves
it was learned that most of the persons
hurt received their injuries by wildly
jumping off when the car left the rails.
They scrambled from the plunging coach
in a confused and frightened body, and in
the words of a bystander, "They fell every
way."
"I exceedingly regret the accident,"
said Mayor Sutro to a Call reporter, at
the baths, "but we have been handicapped
all day by the difficulties of a new and un
tried road, new employes, etc., and also
by the terrible crowds of people who all
came down upon us at once. They would
crowd the cars beyond their capacity, and'
the trainmen could hardly handle the
coaches. We have been as careful as we
could, but you see the thing occurred."
CROWDS AT THE BEACH.
The Unusual Rush to the Home of
the Seals.
At no time -within a year has there been
such a rush of people to the ocean beach
as there was yesterday. As early as 9
o'clock in the morning the cars of the
Sutro, the Cliff House and Park and Ocean
lines were crowded with people bound for
the oceanside. With the advance'of the
day there was an increase of travel. The
cars of the new line were not only crowded
to their capacity, but venturesome men
and brjys clambered up the sides and
rode on the roof, and so great was the
weight on them that roof supports creaked
and at times it seemed as if they would be
crushed in.
At each terminus, as soon as an outward
bound train reached it, there was a strug
gle between those who wanted to land and
those who wanted to get aboard. It was
pull, haul and crush and many who
wanted to get off were actually forced to
fight their way through the crowd wanting
to get on. For a time it was apparent that
there was a reversal of the railroad rule,
"all the traffic will bear," for the cars
would not bear the traffic; that is there
were not cars enough to accommodate the
crowds.
At the Park and Ocean terminus, when
the 3:15 train from Stanyan street arrived,
I there were more people waiting to get on
board than could find room. In the efforts
I of the outs to get in and the ins to get out
men struggled to pass each other, women
were pushed aside, and many of them had
1 their wraps torn from their shoulders and
skirts torn and ruined. Two of these were
so much frightened at finding themselves
in such an uncontrollable crowd that they
fainted and had to be carried away.
Fully 2000 persons were on tne rive cars
that left the depot at half-past 3 o'clock.
The little but powerful locomotive snorted
and puffed as> it pulled out with its heavy
load and ran along well enough until it
passed the life-saving station, when the
dt>ad weight commenced to tell and the
train came to a dead halt. It was backed
down and a fresh start made, with no bet
ter result. It was backed down a second
time when more steam was put on, but it
was a steady and a bard pull to get around
the curve on to the track that lies east
ward. From that point to Strawberry Hill
station the rise is a gradual one and that
station is 2.32 feet higher than the curve.
Once more the train backed, and as it
rounded the curve on its backward trip
those who were on the rear car and those
who were on the side steps were horrified
to see another train coming full speed out
of the tunnel under the main drive to the
great highway. On came the train with
unslackened speea and still backward con
tinued the former train. Men, women
and children in the last car of the forward
train feared a tail-end collision and be
came almost panic-stricken. Men jumped
off the train in the most reckless manner,
falling over one another; women screamed
and a few took chances and sprang from
the moving train. Others who wanted to
throw themselves from the car were with
j difficulty restrained by strong men, while
others were so paralyzed with fear as to be
I unable to move.
Suddenly, while the confusion was at its
height, there was a warning whistle from
the engine of the rear train, shrill and
quick. It startled those in the front part
of the forward train who were not aware of
what was going on in the rear. Tbe air
brakes on the forward train were applied,
and the two trains came to a dead halt
I only about a block apart. None of those
I who sprang from the train were hurt.
Then the second train followed the first,
and the locomotive, drawing its own load,
I attempted to push the forward one, but
hauling and pushing were too much for it.
When the forward train was half way up
the grade the engine puffed and puffed,
and with every revolution of the wheels
the advance slackened, then the wheels
churned the track, and the train com
menced to back slowly, pushing the rear
train down the grade until the airbrakes
were again applied.
Finally the "rear train ran back to the
life-saving station, the locomotive cut
loose from the train and waited for the
former train which was backing down the
grade. The rear locomotive was coupled
on, and the one pushing and the other
hauling tne heavily laden train was taken
over the grade, when the rear locomotive
returned to its waiting cars and the other
train went on and landed its passengers at
Stanyan street, all thankful that nothing
more serious had occurred than a delay of
half an hour. From this point there was
another crush to get into tbe street cars.
FLANNEL
DEPARTMENT!
On Monday, February 3d, we will
offer 400 pieces Fancy Flannels at
prices that have never been equaled
in this city.
9O pieces FANCY EIDERDOWN FLAN-
NELS (best quality), in about 25 dif-
ferent designs,
Price 35c per Yard.
175 pieces NEW SCOTCH TENNIS FLAN-
NEL, full 3O inches wide, in the very
latest styles, both light and medium
colorings,
Price 25c per Yard.
135 pieces FANCY SAXONY FLANNEL,
latest colorings and all new designs,
Price 35c per Yard.
Write for Samples of above goods.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
Btf Goods delivered free in San Rafael. Sausallto, Blithe-
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
ill, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
After spending a month
stock-taking, repairing
fences and preparing for an-
other season of activity, we
begin again our regular Spe-
cial Saving Sales.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Hams 122 cents
Bastern.
Eggs 172 cents
Fresh.
Chutney 50 cents
imported quarts
Huckins' Soups
quarts 25 cents
We do not buy special goods
for these sales, but sell reg-
ular goods at special prices
— our guarantee accompa-
nies every article — goods ex-
changed or money refunded.
February Catalogue ready.
Five-dollar orders deliv-
ered free ioo miles.
426-432 Pine-215-217 Sutter
— 2800 California.
1075-1079 Clay, Oakland.
AT AUCTION !
Closing-Out
SALE
Of DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEW-
ELRY, CLOCKS and SILVER-
WARE to the highest bidder.
NO Reserve.
BAREETT &7SHERWOOD,
7 Kcarny Street.
SALE COMMENCES TO-DAY, and con-
tinues daily at 1 1 o'clock and
7:30 evening.
Souvenirs Given Away After I o'clock.
- - - . .■■ ■ ■■-■■■: --'A
CLEARANCE SALE
for the NEXT 60 DAYS
As T have ordered direct from Sti
the manufacturers a ; full and • Js*tß
complete assortment of the la- f*T*
■ test designs In Sprino and Sm- "f^ y
mkr Goods, I therefore offer my jtA.
entire stock of "VVooleks now rcfi'l&SV
on band at Pricks never before . sm&rßß
offered In 6an Francisco.' - * -fimf jSu
GUARANTEED GENUINE ' "*&■ M
. ENGLISH CASSIMERE
PANTS TO ORDER : Baft] IHf
FORMERLY EEDCCED TO QWK|/
$10.00 $6.50 flUl
ALL WOOL SUITS liMni
TO ORDER : hIKJ
FORMERLY BEDfCKD TO B llKl
$25.00 $17.50 111
* " *" ft. Ih Dn o
All other O akmexts RF.nrrm >^«^JIJi < «^
In like proportion. You will do ; -"^*
well to avail yourself of this opportunity, and «1t«
me a caU before buying elsewhere. •"»»»*•
''■'■'\\'. Respectfully yours,
JOE POHEIM. The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. Busli,
724 Market St. and 1110 & 1112 Market 81
; "V.- »AN rBANCISCO, CAt.
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bids.
"vj'oticeisherkby'givex thatrealed
i-" propo.sa!a will be received by the under*ißne<l
up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
1896, for the purchase of thirty-two (32) Kings
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (1) to thirty-two (3'J), both Inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the first day uf January,
1906, or at any time before that date, at th«
pleasure of said county, In gold coin of the United
Slates, with Interest thereon at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum, payable seml-annually.on th*
first day of January and on the first day of July of
each year. ■ Bonds and Interest payable at theotllce
of the County Treasurer of s^aid Kings County.
Bale! bonds havinc been Issued In conformity with
Orders and Kesolutlons of the Board of Super-
visors of Klnes County dated December 3, 1»95,
nnd January 6, 1896, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by tbe provisions of and in
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
Slate of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township CSovern-
ment," approved March 24, 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than fac»
value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the right is hereby ex-
pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
' M«rk envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
C B;'orte" S"S'."Bo.rd «f SSfiSST .1 »U
IWW. W. H. M.AX l^^
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASOM
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
-OF THK
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTII. MII|NIGHT.
" NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLEB H. PHILLIPS, . ATTOBNET-AT.
\J law and Notary Public, 638 ■ Market s t., oppo-
site Palace Ho:el. Residence. 1620 Fell at. Tele-
phone 670. Residence telephone.. "Pine U601."
____- HEALTH RESORTS.
ST. HELEKA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA. NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A RATIONAL HEALTH RESORT!
Send for. Circular.