VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 100.
VALENCIA UNDER
MARTIAL LAW
Spanish Officials Forced to
Resort to Extreme
Measures.
MOBS ARE FIRED UPON.
Rioters Attempt to Attack the
United States Consulate
at Bilbao.
FREKZIED CLAMOR FOR WAR.
The Grada Chamber of Commerce
Calls for a Boycott on Ameri
can Trade.
MADRID, Spain, March B.— The action
of the mob element in Valencia became so
threatening that martial law was pro
claimed in that city to-night. A crowd
mimbering fully 10,000 persons met out
side the bull-ring and attempted to enter
that place for the purpose of holding a
meeting to express anti-American senti
ments. The authorities had issued an
order forbidding the holding of such meet
ings, but no attention was paid to it. The
gendarmes at the bull-ring refused to allow
the mob to enter, and were told that they
were traitors to Spain. Then several per
sons in the crowd cried "Long live the re
public T'whereupon the gendarmes charged
the mob. The crowd answered with sev
eral revolver shots, one of the gendarmes
being seriously wounded in the chest.
The situation has assumed such a men
acing aspect that orders were given to the
gendarmes to firte upon the mob. A volley
was fired from the carbines carried by the
gendarmes, and the crowd scurried for
shelter. It is not known positively
whether anybody was shot or not, but it is
believed that the volley was fired over the
heads of the rioters. Later the courage of
the crowd returaed, and with augmented
numbers the mob marched through the
streets shouting "Long live Spain,"
"Death to the Yankees!"'
The police and gendarmes repeatedly
ODPOsed the crowd, but their efforts to re
store order were not of the slightest avail.
The Governor of the province tben pro
claimed martial law, and any further
rioting will be dealt with sternly by the
military power.
"he Governor, acting under imperative
orders from Madrid, had concentrated a
strong force around the American consul
ate. The crowd attempted to pass these
guards, but were unable to do so. Then
they hurled insults at the American Gov
ernment and the American people.
To-nipht the city is quiet, the mob not
having the courage to face the troops who
are awaiting orders to deal with rioters.
There were several small disturbances
to-day at Saragossa,- but the authorities
were alert and determined, and the rioters
were easily dispersed.
At Bilbao a crowd of 500 persons at
tempted to make an attack upon the
American consulate, but were prevented
by the police.
At Valencia posters were put upon the
walls declaring that Spain must go to war
with the United States and put a curb on
Yankee arrogance.
The shipowners of Seville have offered
to the Government fifty steamers to put
to any use the authorities may deem ex
pedient. Some of these steamers are trad
ing in England.
The Chamber of Commerce of Grada has
issued a circular note iariting all Spanish
merchants to break their commercial rela
tions with the United States and to cancel
their policies of insurance issued by Ameri
ran companies. Many of the merchants
have already done so.
Several more Spanish subjects, who
were acting as American consular agents,
have resigned as a protest against the at
titude of the United States toward Spain.
Indignation meetings were held to-day in
many places in the provinces.
It was learned to-night that the demon
stration at Valencia to-day was organized
by the Republicans. The gendarme who
was wounded by a revolver shot was a
corporal. He died to-night from the ef
fects of his injuries. During the rioting
three civilians were injured. Nine of the
rioters were arrested. A priest was stoned
by the mob.
ALFONSO HANGEU IN HFFIGT.
Chicago Young Fertont Show Thtir
Hatred for Spain.
CHICAGO, 111., March B.— His Royal
Majesty Alfonso. King of Spain, was
hanged" in effigy last night in the vicinity
of Madison street and Campbell avenue.
The crowd of enthusiastic young persons,
who performed the job escaped identifica
tion.
The figure was suspended from a rope,
which was thrown over a telegraph wire.
The effigy hung fifteen feet in the air and
attracted a crowd of persons, who gazed
at the fearful and wonderful piece of con
struction and inwardly saw visions of war
and gun*.
Upon that part of the effigy's anatomy
which would ordinarily be called the
breast was the following inscription:
ALFONSO XIIL :
King of Spnin.
Sic Hemper Tyrannis.
The effigy was first discovered by a
woman. The figure seemed so real, hang
ing in a dark street as it did, that she
fainted and had to be carried to a neigh
boring store. _
JiJOTS IN BARCELONA.
fiendarmea Prevent an Attack Upon the
American Consulate.
BARCELONA, Spain, March B.— This
city was the scene to-day of further
demonstration! against the United State?.
The bands in the places of public resort
played patriotic airs and were encored
again and again. People on the boulevard
bang patriotic songs and there was much
The San Francisco Call.
cheering for Spain and shouting of "Death
to the Yankees!"
It was evident from the conversations
everywhere heard that a war with the
United States would meet with popular
approval, but the Government is not pay
ing much attention to the populace beyond
preventing it, so far as possible, from act
ing m a disorderly manner.
It being Sunday the authorities feared
that the demonstrations might become
riotous and extra precautions were taken
to quell disorders in their incipiency. As
the day wore on the crowds in the streets
rapidly increased in numbers. The gen
darmes were in force to prevent any too
large an assemblage. When a large crowd
would gather in the main streets the
mounted gendarmes would charge into it
and drive the people into the side streets.
Many persons gathered about the French
consulate and enthusiastically cheered for
France, which country, according to popu
lar belief, would surely be an ally of Spain
in the event of a war with the United
States.
The strong guard that was placed some
days ago about the American consulate
was strengthened to-day and i. was well
that this was done, as the crowd attempted
several times to approach it with the un
doubted intention of again attacking it.
The guards were very vigilant in repell
ing the mob, and finally the latter, seeing
that a more determined attempt to attack
the consulate would result in bloodshed,
sullenly withdrew to give veAt to their
patriotism in other directions.
SPAIWS FEAG lUSHOSORF.D.
Eranston Student* Imitate the Frenzied
Youths of JUndrid.
CHICAGO, 111., March B.— At the close
of a class party which was given last even
ing by the students of the Northwestern
University at Evanston one of the boys
mounted a chair, tore a big Spanish flag
in two, and there was an instant rush for
the pieces. Before the flag was allowed to
fall to the floor it was torn into a number
of pieces, so that every person might have
one as a memento of the occasion.
The young men worked themselves tip
to quite a frenzy and their warlike mani
festations were vigorously applauded by
the girls who were interested spectators.
The disturbance was finally quelled by
some of the older members of the class
and the warlike young men contented
themselves with marching up and down
the street singing songs and giving three
groans for the flag.
ExrsniTios TO CUBA.
A Filibuster Believed to Have Sailed
From I'll Uuii > Iph ><i.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 8.-Un
dismayed by the failure of several expedi
tions sent from this country to. aid their
struggling compatriots, the resident Cubans
of the United States are said to have litted
out and dispatched another vessel to
Cuba. It is reported that this vessel left
here on Thursday last. She took no
munitions of war aboard at this port, but
it is said that the arms and ammunition
were transferred to her after she got to sea
and beyond the three-mile limit.
Nothing definite in relation to the vessel
couM h« learned here. The local <"nban
leaders would not talk abrmt the expedi
tion.
DECEIVED BY THE BEY
The Widow of P. T. Barnum Will
Return to This Coun
try to Live.
Castles 2nd Estates of Which Her
Greek Husband Boasted Found
to Have Been, Mythical.
NEW YORK, N. V., March B.— A
Bridgeport (Conn.) special says: Mrs.
Nancy Barnum Callias, widow of P. T.
Barnum and now the wife of Demetrius
Callias Bey, the Greek nobleman, is com
ing back to America to live and, in all
probability, will muke this city her home
in the futuie.
Since the news of her return became
known it nas been asserted by many of
her friends that she is disappointed in her
marriage to the Greek, but this is denied
by Benjamin Fish of this city, a cousin of
Mrs. Caliias. There is one thing certain,
however, and that is the amount of wealth
Callais possessed is hot as great as was
represented at the time of the marriage.
Ths wedding of Mrs. Barnum to the
Greek nobleman took place in the Greek
church in New York City on August 8,
1895. Only a few of the intimate friends
of Mrs. Barnum knew of it until the cere
mony had been performed. It was a great
surprise that she had selected a foreigner
for a husband. When it was said that he
had several millions of dollars that set
tled it.
After the ceremony Callias and his bride
sailed for Paris and since that time they
have traveled in Europe. When they ar
rived at the Greek's estates on the island
of Melita, where it was said he possessed
great olive plantations, Mrs. Callias was
surprised and disappointed to learn the
true value of her husband's possessions.
Then the Bey endeavored to get her to
erect a grand palace on her estate, or in
some other part of Europe, but she de
clined to invest nny part of her money
abroad and decided to return to America.
In letters to Mrs. Wiiliam Perry and Mrs.
Jerome Orcutt of this city she speaks of
her early return to America, but does not
inler that the Bey will accompany her.
At the death of the veteran showman he
left his widow $100,000. Marina, the beau
tiful home in this city, and an annuity of
$40,000 a year.
The marriage contract with Callias was
of sucn a nature that he could not obtain
any part of her fortune. Marina has been
in the market for some time, but has been
withdrawn. Benjamin Fish, Mr. Callias 1
cousin, says:
"It is true Callias is not as rich at he
said he was. But as for a separation, Ido
not believe the story. It is not likely that
he is going to lose what he has. I expect
that they will be back this spring, and it
is probable they will live in New York."
Officer* Kill «» Outlaw.
MONTGOMERY. Ala., Maich 8. —
"Railroad Bill," the desperate negro who
for three years past has terrorized the
train hands on the Louisville and Xash
ville road, was killed last night at Atmore,
near Brewton, Ala., by three deputy sher
iffs. He walked into a country store, was
recognized and shot without ceremony. A
reward of several thousand dollars was of
fered for his capture dead or alivt. ,
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, MARCH 9, 1896.
CUBA FINDS A PROTECTOR AT LAST.
KING HUMBERT'S
NEW MINISTRY
General Ricotti Selects a Cabinet
to Succeed that of ,
1 Crispi.
— —^—^—
RUDINI IS AGAIN PREMIES.
Rioters at Pavia Charged Upon by
; Cavalry Troops— Trouble Feared
at Naples.
ROME, Italy, March B.— King Hum
bert, wlio asked Signor Saracco, Minister
of Public Works in the Crispi Cabinet, to
form a new ministry, had to look In
another direction for a new Prime Minis
ter, Signor Saracco having failed in his at
tempt to get a satisfactory Cabinet.
It is stated that the task of constructing
a new ministry was offered to General
Ricotti, who would yield the Prime Min
istry to Marquis di Rudini. At a late hour
to-night it was reported that these selec
tions as Ministers had been made:
Prime Minister and probably Minister of
the Interior, Marquis di Rudini.
Minister of War, General Ricotti.
Minister of Foreign Affairs, S.'gnor Brin.
Minister of the Treasury, Signor Pirazzi.
Minister of Marine, Admiral Racchin.
Minister of Finance, Signor Guicciardini.
Minister of Justice, Signor Granturco.
The Ministers of Commerce, Public In
struction, Public Works and Posts and
Telegraphs are still vacant.
The Marquis di Rudini was Prime Min
ister from February 6, 1891, to May 5, 1892.
During this time occurred the trouble with
the United States, growing out of the
lynching of a number of Italians at New
Orleans. Then as now the Marquis snc
ceeded Signor Crispi as Prime Minister,
the latter having been overthrown on a
financial question.
At Naples, where the transports are
waiting to receive re-enforcements for the
African army, the people are greatly ex
cited and seem determined to oppose the
embarking of the troops.
There was a repetition of the disorders
at Pavia last night, and for a time the
mob held possession of the town. Re-en
forcements of troops were hastily sent to
the place and on their arrival the garrison
cavalry charged the rioters, who were then
gathered in front of the prefecture. Quite
BARCELONA'S PRINCIPAL AVENUE, THE RAMBLA DE SANTA MONICA.
[Near the corner shown in the engraving stands the United States Consulate, which was stoned by a mob on Sunday, the Ist irut.]
a number of persons were injured by
being struck by the hoofs of the horses or
by tne flat sidesof thecavalrymen's sabers.
The commanderof the squadron of cavalry
was wounded. Fifteen of the leaders of
the mob were placed tinder arrest.
FUDVB FOR SUFFERERS.
Ten Thoutand Dollars lHapatehed to
Ar>ntnl<t.
NEW YORK, N, V., March B.— The fol
lowing urgent appeal has been received
from Constantinople by the National
Armenian Relief Commission:
'Telegraph funds as fast as realized in
order that we may push forward and make
the most of the present time."
oln response $10,000 was sent on through
Brown Brows. <fc Co.. 59 Wall street. New
York, who ar« the authorized treasurers
of the Armenian relief fund and of the
Red Cross, and to whom all contributions
should be sent. ."Arc gr«at«ct obstacle to
the work of relief now is not from tne
Turks but from lacK of funds. The dis
tribution, which is all done through
American residents and British Consuls, is
going on in thirteen centers under the
'direction of the United States Minister and
British Embassador and Clara . Barton,
•who are in consultation in Constanti
nople.
ADMIRAL WALKER GONE
Succumbs to Heart Failure In
duced by an Attack of
the Grip.
He Commanded the Gunboats Taylor
and Lexington During the
Civil War.
BROOKLYN, N. V., March 8 -Rear-
Admiral Henry Walker, U. S. N., died this
afternoon at his home in this city. He
had been suffering since Tuesday last from
a severe attack of the grip, but the imme
diate cause of death was heart failure.
He was born on a plantation on the
Lynhaven River, Virginia, 88 years ago.
During the war of the rebellion tie com
manded the gunboats Taylor and Lexing
ton, and protected General Grant's army
wnile it was making its retreat on the
transports. He was also at the battle of
Fort Henry in charge of the gunboat
Corondelet. Not one of the men aboard
met with any accident. For this piece of
work the commander was honorably men
tioned. In 1862 for his bravery he was
made a captain, in 1866 he was made a
commodore, and became a rear-admiral in
1870. One year later he retired. He leaves
a widow, three sons and two daughters.
MUTILATED BODIES
FOUND IN A BARREL
■
Evidence of a Ghastly Crime
Discovered by a Chicago
Ragpicker.
SLAIN AND HACKED TO PIECES.
The Dismembered Remains of an Old
Man and a Babe's Corpse
Uncovered.
CHICAGO, 111., March B.— The body of
a man chopped to pieces, together with an
infant with its skull crushed, was found
stuffed into a barrel in an alley at the rear
of 482!) Prairie avenue this afternoon.
Tony Ungone was picking rags in the al
ley back of the home of J. A. Nourse,
when he came across a barrel with an old
shirt tied over the top of it. He com
menced to overhaul the barrel for rags,
and the first thing he picked up was the
head of a man with long gray whiskers.
He dropped it in terror and ran out of the
alley to the street, where he notified the
first policeman he could find.
As soon as the police were summoned
they sent the barrel to the Hyde Park
Morgue, and on emptying it it was found
that it contained the remains of a man
about 70 years okl and a male infant about
ten days old. The body of the man was
fearfully mutilated.
The head had been taken off and two
holes had been bored into the skull at the
forehead with an auger. The right leg was
cut off above the knee, two toes from the
foot of the same leg having been appar
ently Bevered with a cleaver. The right
arm was pulled out of its socket, the left
foot was sawed off at the ankle and the
lingers separated from the left hand. The
body of the infant was intact, except that
the skull was fractured.
The killing must have been done at least
two weeks ago. No articles of clothing
were found, except a homespun shirt
which, together with some cotton padding,
was wrapped around the head and shoul
ders of the mftn.
There is every evidence that while the
murder was committed some days ago, the
bodies were not placed in the alley until
last night. Mr. Nbnrse noticed the barrel
in his alley this morning early, but did not
pay any attention to it, thinning it was a
garbage barrel put out by some of his
neighbors. There is no clew as to how it
got into the alley. The neighborhood is
sparsely populated and few policemen pa
trol the district. The ground was frozen
so that no fresh *ragon wheel tracks can be
discerned.
Lying on a slab at Rolston's morgue is
the mutilated body of a man who was
pulled out of the lake last Sunday, which
is still unidentified, and now the Hyde
Park police have a more horrible and mys
terious case, and in neither case have they
any clew to work upon. As the features of
their last find, however, are intact, it is
hoped that the bodies found to-day will be
soon identified.
The only theory that is advanced for the
brutal hacking of the body is that some
one did it in the hope of creating the
theory that the body had been dissected
by medical students. The boring of holes
in the skull, it is thought, was done
especially for this reason and the police
believe that a woman did the horrible
deed, as such a poor job was made of it.
The shirt found would indicate that the
man was a farmer and it is not thought
that money could have been the object of
the killing. The officers, of whom there
are now twenty working on the case,
are going on the theory that the
child wns born out of wedlock
and the old man was the father or grand
father of the mother; that she perhaps
lived alone with the old man and there
was a fight over the birth of the child,
which ended in murder.
They believe that the body has been
kept awaiting an opportunity to get a con
federate to dispose of it.
Early in the afternoon, before the dis
covery was made, a woman called to the
morgue over the telephone and asked if
the body of an old man had been received.
The description she gave tallies with that
of the body found later. It is thought,
however, that this was only a coincidence.
The physician examined the bodies to
night and said that the dissecting could
not have been done by a medical student,
no matter how inexperienced, and as the
remains have not been in a pickling vat it
is almost assured that murder was com
mitted.
A CTJZ 1> J.IK X O VTI,A WB.
lotithi Pretend to Mold Up a Train and
Are Fired Upon.
JOLIET, 111., March B.— Three boys got
on the Rock Island train which left Chi
cago at 10 o'clock last night at the station
known as The Chute and created a dis
turbance which nearly cost one of them
his life. As the iirst of the boys entered
the car he shouted: "Hand 9 up!" and in
stantly haiuis were up in all parts of the
car.
In the second seat from the door sat a
gentleman who carried a revolver, and
when his hand went up a pistol was in it.
He tired point blank at the first of the
would-be robbers, and with a yell the
three boys ran out and jumped from the
moving train. The conductor thinks the
affair was an escapade of three young
toughs of Joliet and does not believe they
intended to rob anybody.
'•? *Bv leid fpwa Convent.
MARYSVILLE, Mo., March 8.-Mary
McMahon, a novice with the Sisters of the
Immaculate Conception here, who came
from -Shelbina, Mo., hanged herself here
yesterday. She stood on the washstand
and threw a bedcord over the waterpipe.
Tying it to her neck she jumped off. She
left no message. She was young and
beautiful. She had been a novice six
months.
MURDERED FOR HIS GOLD
Footpads Kill a Long Island
Business Man in Front of
His Dwelling.
Crush His Skull With Blows From
Bludgeons as He Lies Senseless
on the Ground.
HEMPS TEAD, N.Y., March 7.-Stepben
Powell, one of the wealthiest and most
prominent men on Long Island, was mur
dered in a mo?t brutal manner at about 11
o'clock last night, as he was returning
from his place of business on Main street
to his home on Fulton street. Mr. Powell
was in the habit of carrying large sums of
money upon his person. It is supposed
that his murderer or murderers learned of
this fact and awaited an opportunity to
waylay him.
The murder occurred in front of Mr.
Powell's home. Directly opposite the gate
an electric light was brightly shining. His
assailants are supposed to have been hiding
behind the electric-light pole, and as Mr.
Powell passed he was struck over the right
eye, the blow cutting a long gash. There
is also a cut oa the left wrist, but this
wound was probably received while endea
voring to defend his face.
The blow evidently knocked Mr. Powell
senseless and bis assailants then struck
him terrific blows on the back of his head,
which crushed in the skull. He was
found at 11:15 o'clock by a neighbor, who
earned him into the house and then sum
moned medical aid. Mr. Powell died a
few minutes later, however, without hay-
ing regained consciousness.
Three negroes were arrested to-day on
suspicion of being implicated in the mur
der. They are Van Rensselaer Simpson,
John A. Wayne and Arthur May hew.
They were held to await the action of the
Coroner's jury. Several other men, botb
white and colored, are under suspicion.
Mr. Powell had $200 in an inside pocket,
which was unnoticed by his assailants, and
they obtained only about $2 60 in change.
The Trustees of Hempstead village to-day
offered a reward of $1000 for the conviction
of the murderer or murderers.
■ — "' ♦ •":
FAYORKD lit WORKMBN. *
Two Bill* to lie. Submitted for Congrci-
aional Action.
TERRE HAUTE, Ixd., March B.— T, W.
Harper, attorney of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Firemen, has left for Washing
ton to make an argument before a Congres
sional committee in favor of two bills be
has prepared.
One provides for an appeal in contempt
cases in United States courts, and for trial
by jury when the alleged contempt is not
committed in the presence of the court,
which would appl}' in such cases as that
of Debs. The other is for compulsory
settlement of wage disputes on interstate
railroads. While it is in the nature of
compulsory arbitration, so called, Mr.
Harper contends that if Congress has the
authority to regulate freight rates it may
also regulate the wages of employes.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
WEYLER GIVES
TEN DAYS GRACE.
All Cubans Must Declare
Allegiance or Suffer
the Penalty.
LINES TO BE DRAWN,
Those Classed as Sympathizers
Are to Be Treated as
Insurgents.
PROPERTY TO BE CONFISCATED
Armed Rebels Surrendering Within
the Time Limit Will Receive
Pardons.
HAVANA, Cuba, March B.— The follow,
ing proclamation was issued by Captain*
General Weyler to-day:
Harassed by our troops, beaten and demor>
alized, the rebel forces in the provinces of Pinar
del Rio and Havana are returning east. The
moment has arrived to pursue with all activity
Rnd vigor the small parties, more bandits than
insurgents, remaining in said provinces, and
to adopt the necessary means to attain greater
nnd more immediate success. The authorities
of the towns are given ten days in which to
make lists of the people in their localities who
are in insurrection. Those who tail in present,
ing themselves witbin fifteen days of the pub
lication of this proclamation, their properties
will be seized and subjected to civil adminia,
tration, for which a board will be appointed.
If rebel parties have robbed, sacked, burned
or committed other crimes besides rebellion
the authorities shall inquire into the part
taken by those. Rebels In the ranks and atsa
neighbors remaining in their houses helping
these shall receive a corresponding penalty.
• . Rebels not responsible for other crimes, who
surrender to the nearest authority iv either
province within fifteen days, will not be mo
lested, the military authorities . keeping a list
of those thus presenting theinsehes, those pre«
viously pardoned, those who have committed
other" crimes and those who have deserted offi
cial positions, which shall be placed at my dis
posal; those presenting themselves with arras
(with a special recommendation If made col«
lectively), and all those presenting themselves
after the expiration of the time placed by my
'disposal.
Planters, estate-owners and others within
said provinces, who facilitate with money the
elements of whatever class, except - they have
been compelled to do go by pressure, which
must be proved in jtn undoubted - xnnnnt.r,
v,lil be considered unfaithful for supporting
rebellion.
A circular was also issued, stating that
those rebels presenting themselves with,
their arms in the four other provinces
would be pardoned, subject to the super
vision of the military. Those presenting
themselves without arms would be sent
to military camps, where they would De
held under the vigilance of the troops.
The last of the 1700 new troops arrived
on the steamer Santiago last night.
Yesterday the columns of Gomez and
Maceo, numbering 7000 men, were near
Corral Falzo, in the center of the province
of Matanzas. They were attacked by
Colonel Vicuna and retreated to San
Miguel de Los Banos. It is officially re
ported that seventy-one of the insurgents
were killed. They carried off their
wounded. The Spanish loss was three
killed and nineteen wounded.
General Pando reports that Gomez is
passing Yoladores, near the line of tha
Havana province. Three columns are
pursuing him.
A passenger train on the Cardenas Rail
way has been burned. Its escort caused a
loss to the rebels. J. Frank Clark.
[There is a discrepancy in the above dis
patch regarding the position of the insur
gent commander-in-chief, General Gomez.
This is probably due to the censor either
adding to or taking from the dispatch as
tiled by the United Press correspondent.]
NEW TO-DAY.
"~"""^V jig) I<oose . clothes and
' " JB&SIFjH-a downy cushions'
r^-jZs&I bring only a nega«
jfc^_Lg<rs X t3 ye 80rt °^ com or "
MmSSORt-^\Z^L^XM to the woman -who
UfjDffl r|MMH is suffering with
«hbH\ -■^■I H!^ some disease or de«
jßa rangement of tho
VSk "^-^BF organs distinctly
** Ti^Wt T** feminine. Some
/R/nU \ W'h clothes and some
■m IW \ 1 positions make tha
ul| V-J pain an< * discomfort
*v3jffl£li >.«^^7 seem less. Nothing
will ever completely
.i ■. '■;- ..- ■ ■ : relieve'but a radical
care. The effects of such disorders are not
limited to mere local discomforts but ex-
. tend , over ; the whole body. ~ Perhap3 the
nerves are most affected, - and this in turn
disturbs the digestion. After that there is
: no telling what form the trouble may take.
With irritable nerves and poor digestion, 1 a
woman is on the straight road to the grave;
Women are notoriously negligent ,in mat-
ters pertaining to their health. Too many
of them understand too little about theif
' own ' physical " make-up. They do not un«
derstand their possibilities or their limita-
tions, and they do not know enough about
themselves to \ know when a symptom is
• really serious and when it is not. <;, This nat-
urally makes them overlook the plainest
of danger signals. The start of everything
is simple. 1 The start of so-called " female
complaints " may be a very slight thing in-
deed. ilt : may be that in the i beginning
some small hygienic measures would stop
the trouble. % Certainly at this time, a littla :
bit of : the ; right medicine ' would , stop .' it. .
When the trouble becomes worse, : it . is
1 harder ', to cure, ? but still , it can be cured.
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription will posi»
tively cure any trouble ,of this character.
.It may be absolutely relied upon. ;It affords
'immediate, and lasting relief.to a woman
whose natural modesty has kept her from
consulting physicians. *
■ The whofe story of the 'Favorite Pre-
script! and what it has done | for thou-
sands of women is told tin Dr. Pierces
Common Sense • Medical ; ; Adviser. This
is , a" f 1008 page book, profusely illustrated,
written in 1 plain language for the use of
every-day people, and gives in a clear and
lucid way an immense amount of valuable
i information about health and medicine." It
- will be sent free on receipt of 21 one-cent
stamps to cover cost of mailing only. _
Address, World's Dispensary Medical
Awogiatioß, Buffalo, N.Y. .2
SHOWS SHAKE
THE DREIBUND
Menelik's Victories Cause
Great Alarm in
Germany.
WEAKENING AN ALLY
Berlin Hopes That Humbert Will
Be Forced to End the
Campaign.
ITALY PRESSED FOR FUNDS.
No Longer Able to Negotiate Loans
With Her Neighbor— Attitude
Toward America.
BERLIN, Germany, March B.— lt is be
lieved and, indeed, almost desired in offi
cial circles here that King Humbert will
be unable to find an Italian statesman to
form a Ministry who will be willing to con
struct a Cabinet on the basis of a continu
ance of the war in Abyssinia, and will,
consequently, after an interregnum of a
week, be obliged to recall Signor Crispi,
who, after strengthening the Cabinet, will
order General Baldissera to seize the fir-t
chance to fiebt a successful oattle with the
Shoans and then terminate the African
campaign.
In the course of current discussion in
financial circles yesterday upon the possi
bility of Italy's concluding a loan in Ger
many the report got abroad and became
generally credited that this view has been
commended to King Humbert by a per
sonage high in German official circles.
In regard to the floating of such a loan,
however, there is only one opinion. Ger
many already holds more than enough of
Italian securities and nothing that Italy
has to offer could induce the open opera
tion of a new Italian loan in Germany.
With a crushing national debt, her banks
of issue practically insolvent and her rate
of taxation at the maximum figure, the
Italian Government, in order to obtain the
sinews of war it needs mu3t secure them
through private arrangements outside of
the ordinary principles upon which finan
cial bouses work. There are still resources
in Italy for which, if they were pledged, a
loan syndicate could give the Government
a substantial loan, but not otherwise.
GermaD financiers consider that the cor
ruption in the administration of the Ital
ian Government and the absolute corrup
tion prevailing in the civil service have
been potent factors in the decline of the
country, and that if any more German
money goes to Italy it must have much
better guarantees than the existing loans.
Only within the last few days advices from
Rome have reported it as probable that
the Government would pay its foreign
creditors in paper currency, which is now
at a discount of 14 per cent. The Italian
rentes and Italian railway securities,
which have been thrown upon the market
by general holders, have been partly taken
up oq speculative account.
As representatives of the official and
popular viewß in Germany of the attitude
of the United States houses of Congress in
regard to Cuba, the expressions of the
Vorwaerts, the principal Socialist organ,
and the Cologne Gazette, the leading
National Liberal organ, may be contrasted.
The latter journal, affecting national im
partiality, accuses the Americans of pur-
Buing schemes of trade and conquest under
the guise of a feeling for oppressed and
suffering humanity. Spain, according to
the Gazette, ought to repel the interven
tion of the United States between herself
and the Cuban rebels upon lines similar
to those upon which the United States re
jected the intervention of France and
England in behalf of the secessionists of
the Southern States of America.
The Vorwaerts, on the other hand, holds
that the vote of the United States Senate,
favoring the recognition of the belligerent
rights of the insurgents in Cuba, was of
such enormous moral import that Spain
will henceforth be unable, by any possible
successes in the field, to accomplish the
subjugation of Cuba. This utterance of
the Vorwaerts may mean to imply that a
revolution in Spain is among the probabili
ties; but it must be accepted as referring
to the reports now current of an alliance
between France and Spain against the
United States. The Vorwaerts adds:
"Such an idea as a Franco-Spanish alli
ance against the United States is fantastic.
The great Republic was founded with the
aid of the French, who have ever since
admired their sister Republic'
Baron yon der Recke yon der Horst,
Prussian Minister for the Interior, has for
warded a communication to Washington,
through the regular diplomatic channels,
stating that he is astonished to find that a
certain State of the American Union is
seeking to negotiate directly with the
Prussian Government, through a special
envoy, thus ignoring the established usage.
The Minister says he has taken cognizance
of the fact that Governor Morton has not
acted upon the proceedings of the Albany
Senate and Assembly, and in turn admits
that there was a chance that tne decrees
canceling the licenses of two New York
insurance companies might be repealed.
But, he adds, since the interference of the
amateur special envoy from New York
Btate to Berlin the position has been so
completely altered that the Prussian Gov
ernment cannot repeal the decree, and it
must now be represented to the public that
the Influence of an amateur diplomat has
caused Prussia to yield.
Even at the risk of Governor Morton's
application of tne recent resolution of the
Albany Legislature refusing to renew the
licenses of Prussian insurance companies
doing business in the State of New York,
this decision, be says, will in the mean
time be adhered to.
The Emperor will receive Count Golu
chowski, the Austrian Minister of Foreign
Affairs, to-morrow, with unusually great
state ceremony, and this announcement is
accepted as marking the importance of
the Austrian Minister's visit to Berlin,
which, it is generally believed, has for its
object a conference upon the subject of
the future of the Dreibund in view of the
recent events in Italy.
The Hamburg Chamber of Commerce
has held a meeting which was attended by
all of the prominent merchants and bank
ers of that city, to protest against the
course laws which are proposed by the
Government, designed, as the proposal
sets forth, to prohibit ''dishonest transac
tions on the bourses.'' The meeting passed
a resolution declaring that the proposed
J aws were intolerable, and that it would
be disgraceful to reputable merchants and
bourse operators to submit to them.
The German ironclad Weissenburg is
aground and waterbound in the Baltic
North Sea canal.
The Emperor will leave Berlin on March
23 for Genoa, from which port he will
make s cruise of the Mediterranean, end-
ing at Abazzia, which is his objective
point. It is said that the Kaiser will have
an interview at Genoa with King Hum
bert.
CRASH AT A CURVE.
Conductor and Motorman of an Electric-
Car Disobey Orders and Forfeit
Hl man Lives.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., March B.— Disobedience
of orders by the conductor and motorman
ol an eastbound car on the Clayton electric
road this evening resulted in a collision
about one mile west of Kirkwood, St. Louis
County. Four were fatally injured, twenty
nine badly injured and about thirty re
ceived slight bruises.
The fatally injured are: J. L. Jones,
claim agent of the Missouri, Kansas and
Texas Railroad; J. R. Aitken, motoriuan ;
James Smith, ruotorman; and Dick Lan
nigan, a passenger.
The road was recently opened from St.
Louis to Clayton, the county seat, and
operates a single track from Kirkwood
west to Clayton. Conductor Peasley and
Motorman Aitken were coming east with
about eighty passengers. They had or
ders to wait at a sidine a mile west of
Kirkwood for the westbound train, but
kept straight on. Just at the foot of a
steep down-grade curve they met the
other car. Both were traveling twenty
five miles an hour and came together with
a force that wrecked them. The west
bound car was hit with such a force as to
drive it back on one truck 100 feet.
Net until a passenger had walked to
Kirkwood was the accident known in the
city. Three ambulances and live doctors
went to the scene. The badly injured
were taken direct to the City Hospital,
others were cared for by suburban resi
dents and some taken to their homes.
BEATS AND BOOMERANGS
Noted Men Brutally Assassin
ated by an Alleged News
Bureau.
Victims of the Chicago Associated
Press Who Have Been Killed
and Resuscitated.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 7.- The
Chicago Associated Press on Friday and
Saturday added something like a forty
candle power illumination to its already
ultra-refulgent halo of glory by giving two
thrilling beats to the heart of its clientele
and incidentally two rankling disappoint
ments to the deluded readers of the jour
nals whose misfortune it is to have con
tracted relations with that concern.
From London it was "rumored in Paris
and Brussels that Premier Crispi had been
assassinated." A dispatch from Toulon
confirming this said that the Italian Pre
mier was stabbed seven times. Not a word
from Rome, however, where the Italian
Premier was peacefully sleeping in his
bed when he was stabed seven times by the
Chicago Associated Press in Paris, Brus
sels and Toulon. The Chicago Associated
Press was obviously trying to beat its
Rome correspondent— if it has one — on
local news.
In its "night extra" one of the victims
of the Chicago Associated Press in New
York City killed Signor Crispi, and in its
"Crispi extra" brought him back to life.
On Saturday the Chicago Associated
Press crowned the ambition of United
States Senator Blackburn of Kentucky by
ending the great struggle in the Kentucky
Legislature in his re-election to the Sen
ate. As a purveyor of the news of the day
that concern was in this instance as un
successful as usual, and its chances of act
ing as press agent for Mr. Blackburn were
forever doomed. Mr. Blackburn was not
elected.
Having given the America's cup to the
Valkyrie (which she did not get), poisoned
the Sultan of Turkey (who still resides in
the Yildiz kiosk), shot President Cleve
land (who can be found any day at the
White House), captured Havana for the
Cuban rebels (the city is still in possession
of the Spaniards), executed Jameson in
tne Transvaal (he is now in London), as
sassinated Signor Crispi (who i 3 as lively
a3 he was before he was "stabbed seven
times), and re-elected Senator Blackburn
(who is yet hoDeful of being returned, if
the Chicago Associated Press will keep its
hands off), there is nothing left of the Chi
cago association of Munchausens but to
bring forward its periodical "Rome dis
patch," speculating upon the possibility of
the election of Jan American Pope to suc
ceed Leo XIII upon the demise of that
Pontiff. It is almost, if not quite, due.
THE BRITAXXIA WJXS.
Beats the Ailaa and Satanita by a Aar-
rote Margin.
HYERES, France, March B.— There was
a strong mistral blowing to-day, which
compelled the yachts taking part in the
regatta to sail under shortened canvas.
The Ailsa had a double reef in her main
sail, but the Britannia and Satanita weie
able to carry more sail and went over the
course single reefed. The difference in the
starting times of the boats were corrected
at the finish.
The Satanita got away four and the
Ailsa eight minutes ahead of the Britan
nia. The racers maintained their relative
positions until that part of the course was
reached where they had to make a beat to
windward. The Satanita and Ailsa each
got a different wind from the Britannia,
which at the first round was four minutes
ahead of the Satanita and sixteen minutes
ahead of the Ailsa. On the second round
the Satanita picked up some of her lost
distance, but the Britannia won the race
by thirty-five seconds.
Stabbed Himmelf Nineteen Titnet.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. March B.— A desper
ate attempt to commit murder and sui
cide was mad» by Herrman Jaenichen, a
printer, at 1036 Jaeger street, this after
noon, while under the influence of liquor.
With a heavy poker he dealt his wife five
blows over the head with such force that
the poker was twisted like a corkscrew,
and the scalp was cut away in large
pieces. Thinking he had Killed her he
stabbed himself nineteen times in the
breast with a dagger. He was taken to the
Protestant Hospital, where he now lies in
a very critical condition. The woman's
skull is not fractured, and she will prob
ably recover.
Safe Return of the Maristow.
GALVESTON, Tex., March 8. — The
steamer Pen sacola arrived here early this
morning, having in tow the disabled Brit
ish steamer Maristow.
Stelzner and Kelly Drnir.
; ST. LOUIS, Mo., March B.— Six bloody
rounds were fought to-night Jack Stelz- 4
ncr ana Spider Kelly, local lightweights.'
A draw was declared after the principals
vex« unable to cootutut.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
DAVIS OPPOSED
IN MINNESOTA.
He May Not Capture the
Delegates From His
State.
ANTI-M'KINLEY COMPACT
Supporters of Other Candidates
Combine to Defeat the ,
Ohioan.
THE KENTUCKY DEADLOCK.
Blackburn's Friends Confident That
He Will Be Elected Senator
To-Day.
ST. PAUL, Btonr., March 8.-It is an
nounced this evening that the McKinley
men of Minnesota will attempt to defeat
Senator Cusbinauk Davis and send a
McKinley delegation to St. Louis. The
trouble has been brewing for some days.
It was first learned that a combination
was forming in the East looking to the de
feat of McKinley and that letters had been
received by several prominent Repub
licans of this State asking them to go into
it. It was recited that Morton would have
the delegations from New York and Flor
ida, Quay from Pennsylvania, Allison
fromjowa and North and South Dakota,
Bradley from Kentucky and Cullom from
Illinois.
Besides, it was stated that Reed would
have New England solidly at his back,
and Manderson would no doubt control
Nebraska, all of which, it was intjmated,
with Minnesota, would be enough to con
trol things at St. Louis.
Learing this, the McKinley men investi
gated and found that several of the dele
gates slated to go to St. Louis for Senator
Davis were for Reed and Allison as second
and third choice. The McKinley men de
manded that the delegation that goes to
St. Louis shall either declare for McKinley
as second choice or stand aside. They say
Minnesota is for McKinley in the ratio of
ten to one, and that if the Davis men re
fuse their demand they will proceed at
once to organize and send a delegation to
St. Liouis pledged to McKinley aa first
choice.
XEA.KISU THE END.
Kentucky* Senator May Be Elected
To- Day.
FRANKFORT, Kw, March B.—Al
though this was Sunday the politicians
have been busy all day trying to solve the
Senatorial puzzle. The friends of Black
burn seem to be very confident that he
will be elected. They say they are going
to give the "sound" money men a chance
to vote for Blackburn to-morrow.
Hon. Thomas H. Pettit, the late Popu
list candidate for Governor, arrived in this
city to-night. It is said that he came here
in the interest of Senator Blackburn. He
was closeted with the two Populist mem
bers for a long time to-night and there was
much speculation as to what would be the
outcome of the conference.
There is some talk to-night that if a
"sound money" Democrat has to be
elected, some of the Republicans pre
fer Congressman McCreary to Mr. Carlisle.
A good many of the members say that a
Senator will be elected to-morrow, but they
refuse to say who it will be.
The Kaufman-Dunlap contest case will be
voted on to-morrow at 11:30 o'clock. It
seems to be the opinion of Democrats and
Republicans alike that Kaufman will be
unseated. The Senate is ready to retaliate
by unseating a Republican Senator.
GOVERyOR MORTOX'S STREXOTH
Will Have the Solid Xeu> Tork State Del-
egation at Hit Back.
NEW YORK, N. V., March B.— The Re
publican State Committee, Charles W.
Hackett chairman, to-night issued the fol
lowing to the press:
"There have been more than forty Re
publican county and assembly district
conventions already held in this State,
and 163 delegates to the Republican State
Convention which assembles in this city
on the 24th of Marcli have been elected.
"Every one of these conventions has
indorsed Governor Morton as its candidate
for President, and every one of the 163
delegates thus far chosen is a Morton man.
Eight delegates to the St. Louis conven
tion have been elected, and every one of
them is heartily for Morton.
"Governor Morton's friends here have
advices that already twenty-eight Morton
men have been chosen delegates to St.
Louis from Georgia, Alabama, Florida,
Mississippi, Louisiana and Texas. There
are, therefore, thirty-six Morton delegates
to the .National Convention already
elected."
McKIXLES'S HEADQUARTERS, '
His Force* Secure the St. ;,ouii Exposi
tion JSuilding.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March B.— Prominent
A PREHISTORIC > ABYSSINIAN FORT.
[There are several such structures between Massowah and Adowa, the scene of the recent
Italian ; defeat. ;> The sketch is from a photograph brought from Aden by Dr. D. L.
Jones of Oakland. : r TheZfort is located just outside of^Adowa/and was destroyed by
a cannon-shot during the troubles in, Abysnnia thirty years ago. In their warfare
ik» dkjtMmiuw mmtmi * §*v* « tkm furl* tuul urn Umm -'ifiitir jrririfiiTit'O
Ohioana, supporters of Major McKinley,
arrived in town yesterday and closed a
deal securing the Exposition building as
general headquarters for the McKinley
woruers and adherents from June 15 until
June 21 next.
The main hall, which seats 5000 people,
will be the scene of a continuous McKin
ley jollification. The Fifth Regiment band
of Cleveland and the Bellstedt band of
Cincinnati have been engaged. The special
exhibit apartments will be used as com
mittee rooms and for the entertainment of
doubtful delegates. Speakers of National
fame will deliver addresses. McKinley
banners and pictures will cover the walls
and McKinley literature furnished in abun
dance.
FOR A UNITED CHURCH.
Cardinal Gibbons Urges the Breaking Down
of Barriers Between Catholic Laity
and Clergy.
BALTIMORE, Ma, March 8.-Cardinal
Gibbons preached at the cathedral to-day
to a congregation that filled to overflowing
the large edifice. His Eminence took for
his theme the necessity for co-operation of
the laity of the church with the clergy in
working for the cause of Christ. Many of
his audience thought that the Cardinal
had in mind the opposition of the Ameri
can Protective Association to Catholic in
stitutions. He said in Dart:
"Every kingdom that rights against it
self falls. On the other hand, every king
dom or republic whose citizeps are imbued
with a united spirit of patriotism is des
tined to flourish. A moral leader, no mat
ter how high his character, is powerless
unless he has a loyal, devoted, united com
munity behind him. With united co-op
eration such a leader can elevate and lift
ud his community. The same is true of
the religious world.
"Our course is plain; we must try, as did
ourfathersof old to maintain an unalterable
patience amid calumny and persecution.
Let us break down all the barriers be
tween the laity and clergy, for are we not
all brethren and. sisters of Christ Jesus—
the children of the same God? And are
we not all of one church and one baptism?
You can advance Christ's kingdom by a
manly, open, generous profession of your
Christian faith. While granting to all
others freedom in their religion stand
firmly for all your own rights as Chris
tians and Catholics. All we ask is a fair
field and no favor; we demand simply our
rights."
CRUISER MODELS LOANED
Japan Borrows Two Miniature
Warships From the
United States.
Will Pattern Its New Fleet After the
Type of Vessels in the
American Navy.
NEW YORK, N. I\, March B.— A Sun
npecial from Washington says: The in
terest taken by the Japanese government
in the American navy and the high regard
it has for the type of ships recently con
structed here is emphasized by a request
that the Department lend for a few months
two models on exhibition in Washington
of the armored cruiser New York and the
battleship Indiana. This request came
through the Minister here and has been
granted by the Secretary, who on Saturday
directed that these models be shipped at
once to Japan. Each model is an exact
reproduction of the vessel it represents in
every particular, and each cost the Navy
Department between $7000 and $8000.
They are about seven feet in length, and
give an excellent idea of the vessels as
they appear when in active service. Every
feature of the vessel is faithfully repro
duced to a carefully drawn scale, and to
an expert they will form an interesting
subject for study and serve a useful pur
pose in designing ships on their general
plan.
These models were made at the Wash
ington navy yard by two men who are
employed exclusively on the work. They
formed one of the main exhibits of the
navy both at Chicago and Atlanta, and are
without doubt the finest models of war
ships made. Each type of vessel con
structed for the new navy is represented
by the models, and the Department now
has about twelve types in all.
Ships like the Chicago and Dolphin have
not yet been produced by the model
makers, but all the recent additions, with
the exception of the Columbia type, are on
exhibition in the corridors of the depart
ment.
The request of Japan to inspect these
models is accepted here as indicating that
she contemplates making contracts with
American farms for some of the new ships
she proposed adding to her navy. The
Cramps are understood to have received
requests for certain information relative to
warships, and it is believed that the Union
Iron Works of San Francisco also expects
to build Borne vessels if this country
secures any of the contracts.
Scalded by Hot Tar.
NEW YORK. N. V., March 8.-Boiling
hot crude tar overflowed one of the Stand
ard Oil Company's big tanks soon after
midnight this morning in the company's
yard at Bayonne, N. J. A gang of men at
work about the tank ran for their lives, but
five of them were overtaken and severely
but not fatally scalded.
Sonora Resumes Cattle Shipments.
NOGALES, Ariz., March B.— Cattle im
portation from Sonora has been resumed
under special inspections by an inspector
of the Agricultural Department. The first
importation was made in this district at
Bisbee yesterday.
FATE OF CUBA
IN THE SENATE
Action Will Be Taken by
the Upper Chamber
To-Day.
CHANDLER WILL SPEAK.
Intends to Urge Recognition of
the Independence of the
Islanders.
PROGRAMME IN THE HOUSE.
Naval Appropriation Bill to Be Taken
Up and Disposed Of During
the Week.
WASHINGTON. D. C, March 8.-The
conference report on the Cuban resolu
tions will be called up in toe Senate to
morrow. When the report was presented
on Thursday last by Sherman, wherein the
Senate receded from its own resolutions
and agreed to those passed by the House,
objection to present consideration was
made by Hale of Maine, Sherman then
gave notice that he would call the report
up immediately after the morning busi
ness to-morrow. A conference report be
ing privileged it has the right of way.
il aie, it is understood, will take the op
portunity thus offered to explain why he
voted against the resolutions when they
were before the Senate for consideration.
Chandler, who did not participate in the
debate at that time, but who voted for the
resolutions, may also make a short speech,
in which he will state his views, which are
more extreme than any of his colleagues.
Chandler holds that this Government
should not only declare the independence
of the island of Cuba, but that the United
States should set up that independence
and notify Spain and the whole world that
she was ready and able to maintain it.
The Dupont case, involving the legality
of the alleged election in Delaware, still
holds its place as the unfinished business.
Turpie of Indiana has the floor for to
morrow. His speech will be replied to by
Pritchard of North Carolina, a member of
the committee.
Gray of Delaware and Burrows of Michi
gan will also speak on this subject during
the week. There is a general belief that
the debate will end this week, for there is
no disposition on the part of the Demo
crats to delay the vote. Gray, represent
ing the Democrats, says there is a plain
case against the legality of the claim of
Dupont, and that if the Senate votes ac
cording to the facts as they are presented
Mr. Dupont will not be seated. Mitchell
is equally firm in his belief that there can
be but one side to the case, and that Mr.
Dupont will be seated. The impression
among Republicans is that Mr. Du
pont will get the solid vote of the Re
publicans, together with one and perhaps
two Populist votes. This, of course, would
give him his seat.
The silver men appear to have been care
fully sounded on the subject, and though
interested in the case say that silver will
not figure in the matter at all, but that the
case v.ill be decided on its merits entirely,
even though the seating of Dupont does
mean one more anti-silver vote in the
Senate.
The bill to prevent the extermination of
the fur seals of Alaska (which seems to
prevent such extermination by extermin
ating them under authority of the United
States and thereby preventing the further
exercise of cruelty by pelagic sealers) has
been made the special order for Thursday.
This measure will cause some debate, at
least on the part of Senator Morgan, who
is bitterly opposed to its provisions and
was defeated in committee by a majority
of only one.
It is the expectation of the House mana
gers to devote the coming week to the con
sideration of appropriation bills and the
contested election case of Aldrich vs. Rob
bins, from the Fourth Alabama district.
The postoffice appropriation bill is the
pending business, and when it has been
disposed of the election case will be taken
up, unless the illness of Turner (D.) of
Virginia, a member of the committee re
porting the case, should necessitate a post
ponement.
The naval appropriation bill is the next
in line for consideration.
TRIBUTE TO F RAX KLIN.
Memorial Tablet in Mi* Honor Unveiled
at Patsy, France.
PARIS, Frajjcb, Marcn B.— Several hun
dred persona to-day attended the unveil
ing of a memorial tablet that has been
erected on the site of the villa at I'assy
occupied by Benjamin Franklin from 1777
to 1785. It was at this villa that Franklin
erected his first lightning conductor. The
dramatist, M. Manuel, president of the
Passy Historical Society, presented the
tablet. M. Faye, a member of the French
Academy, spoke of Franklin's scientific
researches.
The Hon. J. B. Eustis, the American
Embassador, acknowledged the gift of the
tablet. M. Roujon, director of the Society
of Fine Arts; M. Conway, Henry Bacon,
the artist; Meredith Read and many
ladies were present at the ceremonies.
EM; LAUD'S BLUE BOOK.
Tlie London Times bays the Arguments
Am Unanswerable.
LONDON, Eng., March B.— The Times
will to-morrow say it does not doubt that
the publication of the Venezuelan blue
book will exercise a powerful influence on
the opinion of all impartial students. It
will add:
"It is now incumbent on the Vene
zuelans to refute our contentions and re
but our evidence. Otherwise the case will
go against them by default. They have
repeatedly declared that they can show a
complete title to all their claim. Doubt
less they will not lose time in coming for
ward and endeavoring to make good their
assertion."
RELATION'S AJtB STRAISED.
Colombia Said to Maim Requested the
V British Mlniiter'* Xeeall.
PANAMA, Colombia, March B.— The
Star : and ' Herald ' published : a , dispatch
ffomi-Bofcota stating that the Colombian
'Gbverhmen l l has requested the recall of .
the British Minister.
■Bl STABS irOUR- WHITES.
Assailants of a Colored Man Collide
With a Knife.
r ; PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 9.-Dur
i&gVfifiht late last aiglit at I vyeaty-thmi
. ■ :_,■■■■■■. t: : * ■ .-■- ■-■..■' , •:; ■■ • ■■■«• -:■;
and Lombard streets George Queen, col
ored, aged 20 years, stabbed and killed
John O'Brien, fatally cut Joseph Sweeney
and quite seriously wounded Thomas
Reaney and Charles Fisher. All of Queen 'o
victims were white men.
The white men, from what can be
learned of the circumstances which led up
to the right, were in a large measure to
blame for the trouble. Earlier in the
evening they had taunted Queen as he
ftassed them on the street, and a little
ater they became involved in a quarrel
1 with another colored man and chased him
for some distance to beat him. After his
first encounter with the whites Queen
went home, armed himself with a large
butcher-knife and returned to the street.
An eye-witness says that the white men
assaulted Queen, and that he used the
Knife against a crowd of six assailants.
Queen made no attempt to escape after
the fight, and is now in jail awaiting the
action of the Coroner. In his ante-mortem
statement Sweeney says that he had noth
ing to do with the tight, but was merely
an onlooker. Fisher made a similar state
ment.
«£>T BY A REPORTER.
The Alleged Bomb for Jf. It. Armour Wat
a Harm let a Fake,
CHICAGO, 111., March 3.— The officials
of the Hyde Park postal station are of the
opinion that the alleged bomb yesterday
discovered in the mail addressed to P. D.
Armour was sent by a reporter for a news
paper. Superintendent Hendricksen said
the package had been in the office only
twenty minutes when the reporter came
in making inquiries about it. Informa
tion was refused, and the supposed inter
nal machine was locked up in the vault.
A report was written on the matter, but
it was not taken to Postmaster Hesing,
nor was any information given out by the
three employes of the station. Notwith
. standing this the paper published a minute
description of the bomb, and Superintend
ent Hendricksen says it could not have
been written unless the writer had seen
the alleged infernal machine. The matter
will be reported to Inspector Stuart and
Mr. Hesting to-morrow.
DIED IN A FOREIGN LAND.
The Body of Consul Savage Brought
Back From France.
NEW YORK, N. V., March B.— The body
of Reavel Savage was brought here on the
French line steamer La Gascogne, which
arrived to-day from Harvre.
Reave! Savage was the United States
Consul at Nantes, France. He was ap
pointed by President Cleveland in 1893
and served in that capacity to the time of
his death. He died on February 3of rheu
matism of the heart. The body was ac
companied here by Mrs. Reavel Savage,
the wife of the deceased, and a cousin.
DUEL IN AN OPERA-HOUSE
Actors Settle an Old Grudge
With Pistols on the
Stage.
One Is Mortally Wounded and the
Other Is Nursing a Broken
Jaw.
MARION, Ixd., March B.— William Lang
and John West of "O'Hooiigan's Mas
querade," had a fight at White's Opera
house to-night after the performance, in
which Lang was shot four times and will
probably die from a wound in his left
breast. West suffered a broken jaw, Laug
knocking him down and jumping on to
his face. Lang forced the righting.
Lang went to West's dressing - room,
where West shot him. Lang then re
turned to his dressing-room, and, procur
ing a revolver, the two men went on the
stage in a genuine duel, exchanging ten
shots. West escaped the shots, while
Lang carries two balls in his sKin. The
whole company is under arrest pending
an investigation.
To-night William A. Lang is in a seri
ous condition, with his recovery in doubt.
The shooting began as soon as the cur
tain dropped on the last act. A panic fol
lowed among the stragglers from the audi
ence who had not left the building.
Jealousy as to one of the actresses had
resulted in a feud between Lang and West.
VIEW KEXRLi H.S BODY.
Thousands Gaze Upon the Features of
the Dead Prelate.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March B.— At 10 o'clock
this morning the remains of the late Arch
bishop Kenrick were conveyed from the
archiepiscopal residence on Lindell boule
vard to the cathedral on Walnut street.
There was no parade, though the hearse
was followed by a large number of clergy
men and laymen in carriages. The cas
ket was placed on the catafalque within
the chancel railing and the doors opened
for the admission of the public. Priests
and assistants recited the offices for the
dead and a throng of thousands passed
through the cathedral to take a last look
at the face of the deceased.
At 8 o'clock, Wednesday morning the
last services for the dead will be An. Arch
bishop K&in will sing the requiem mass
and will be assisted by visiting bishops
and priests and the Franciscan friars.
Archbishop Ryan of Philadelphia will
then deliver the panegyric. The Gregor
ian chant, under the direction of Professor
Emier, will be rendered by a choir selected
from all the churches of tbe city. At 2
o'clock the procession will start for Cal
vary Cemetery.
WAJST LEADS TO CRIME.
A. Blacklisted Southern Preific Fireman
I* Driven to Theft.
EMIGRANT GAP, Cal., March B.—
Michael Nevins, a young man well known
hereabouts, was taken from a boxcar on
train 6 to-day at Colfax and lodged in jail.
He is suspected of having stolen $50
from a person at Truckee whose name
could not be ascertained. Some of the
money is said to have been found upon
his person when arrested.
Nevins has heretofore borne a good repu
uation. Before the strike of 1894 he was a
locomotive fireman between Rocklin and
Truckee, but his actions during the strike
caused the railroad company" to dispense
with his services. H e has Binca been
doing odd jobs here and there.
It is believed that actual want caused
the young man to commit the crime
Kevins' family are highly respected resi
dents of Rocklin, and the news of his
downfall will no doubt be heard with dis
may.
DISCO UJRAGEDTroonLA JVJ> TINE
Tired of Preaching to Empty l'exct H»
■ •■ i i Concludes to Jteaign. -V'
WOODLAND, Cal., March B.— At tne
conclusion jof ;, his sermon this morning
Rev. Dr. DeLew of the Episcopal church
startled his congregation by, tendering his
resignation as pastor, of the church. ' , ;5 %. \l i
; Among other statements in his conclud
ing remarks .he --, said : "Although I have
labored faithfully in the upbuilding of this
church; there has been a noticeable falling
off in attendance, and Sabbath after Sab
bath I have preached to empty pews. :; j
; "I have met with insults almost beyond,
endurance. V : My efforts *I \ have i, long felt
have been unappreciated, and I feel to fur
ther continue my charce under loch, cir
cumstances would result in breaking
down my health."
There was no room to doubt the earn
estness of the divine's remarks and his
contemplated departure is regretted by
Many Woodland friends.
MILL. VALLEY STRIKERS WIX.
Thinks to "The Call" Their Bill «f
fare la Improzed.
MILL VALLEY. Cal., March B.— The
teamsters employed by the California Con-
Company in the building of the Mill Val
ley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic Railroad
will go to work to-morrow as usual and
they will not be com polled to purchase tin
dinner pails from the commissary em
ployed oy the construction company.
They nave won the point and will now
eat hot instead of cold lunchen, as the
commissary unsuccessfully attempted to
compel them to do.
"The Call," said one fellow to-day,
"seems to be the only friend the workmen
on this road have, and we appreciate it, I
can tell you."
March
April, May are the months when thousands of
people purify.vitalize and enrich their blood by
taking Hood's Sarsaparilla. You and all your
frien should do the same. Be sure to get
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
HnnH'c Oillc Cllre Liver Ills; easy to
IIUUU » fills take, easy operate. 25c
pnpi
gj We fitted out that big (Q
3h Alaska expedition last jg
gv week. Yes, pretty busy. fQ
§f Rush over now, and jj\
5? ready again with . JK
© SMITHS'
I WEEKLY I
I SPECIALS! I
g REDUCED FOR THIS WEEK <§
@ OMY TILL MARCH H. ®
z-fc. 10c Butterfly Tomatoes, 4 cans — j§\
f9 25c Dessert Grated Pineapple. .....l6c (J«J
JS 25c Acme Beef, 51iced.......... 18c 2C
MS 25c Yellow Cornmeal, 10 lbs '-'Oc Ctl
y*T 50c' La Delicatesse Cheese P0t3.... 33c jg£
fm 15c Bulk Grated Cocoanut .....10c [Zm
vS* 25c Russet Shoe Dressing 10c 2^
£9\ 50c Plush-Top Clo: Brush 10c £j|
Vj/ 10c Garden Tr0we1..... ...:.. 5c **■?
att\ 20c Celery Glass.. 8c /ljj|
vV *.VOO Men's Button 5h0e5...... f1.50 vC>
£%\ 10c Ginghams.. 5c fg\
nJ *1. 00 Imitation Hmyrna 8ug....... 25c W,
p%. * 25c Ladies' Dude Hat.... 15c
V& 91.50 Baby Shoes 50c WJ
t v 91.50 Dolls, 14-in., dressed 60c 2^
W FREIGHT PAID 100 MILES. *&
£J) 2 FremJum Bicycles Free to f^
©Largesr Buyer by April 1. ,^
-, BICYCLES— Last year's JCj
Qg) Nearly Half Price. ($?
ia TANDEMS— 2 Secoqd-Viand (Q
£fesc s ' at Half «eice. 2<
Sf Smiths 1 Cash Store f#". JS
vS* 414, 41 6, 41 8 FRONT £j?S. F.
W9 . Largest Western Department Store. (JIJ
[g GRAND OPENING OF |g
gj SPRING AND SUMMER |g
£g STYLES. ♦ fg
lj*£ Stop paying extravagant prices *$jr}
iCy for your clothes 1 You can get - «OC
Stylish, Perfect-fitting Garments mack to
order by lOE POHEIM, the Tailor, at
Af PER CENT LESS than
JL^% any other house on the
Pacific Coast. j&|
Business Suits, J3.50 to $25 - -^7
(made to order)
day Worsted, $17.50 to 540 jfi^£\
French Pique, 20 to 45 V M |i
Ail-Wool Pants, 4 to «^« IftU
Dress Pants, 6 to JO j^^wilj
Stylish Overcoats, J5 to 35 Biß^p/
My Suits from $17.50 to $35 IrBJIP
cannot be beat in the world for B ! jHihi
stylish cut, best of workman- f fll]\j
ship, trimmings, and quality. 1J w$
Joe j?oheiin
The "Tailor jp*^^
has no competitor in fine tailoring at moder-
ate prices. Perfect fit guaranteed, or no sale*
20J & 203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush,
724 Market Street.
& JH2 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
PATROMZE HOME IMSTRY.
BUY DIRECT FBOM iHK
MANUFACTURER.
RKFINEI) 8A81R05...;......8i;75b»»«
ANGLE IRON' 2.25 flat
BAND 1K0N.....:................. 2.00 >•
Round Edge Tire 5tee1......... 2.15 flat
Toe f •« 40 "
Plow • " ......... 2.25 M
German Hammered" 3. 75 base
Pick •• •.;■ 4.00 "
Machinery •V>; £ , " [ ..i.....1' 2.00 "
Spring ;-. *«......... 50 **
Cold Rolled •• .3.25 "
Fiuished Shafting 3.35 "
Terms .—Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. CO.
SAN IBAXCISCO.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for th*
sexual and urlnarv organs of both sexes,'- and a
(Teat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and bia l-
eer. A great .Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervinew
Bells on ■ its own Merits— no - long-winded testi-
monials necessary.
\.1r.1.K. .iI.J Si BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market St.. S. ; F.— (Bend for Circular.)
COSMOFOXjITiLKT,
Opposite U. Mint, 100'and'102'Fitta St., «aa
>ranci3Co, Cal.— The most select family : hotel In
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 ana $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. liooms, 50u
and 75c a day. | l-'iv.- coach to and from the hotel.'
Look lor the coach beari ii, the 1 name of the Ui-
mopolitan Hotel. WM. AH EY, Proprietor. :
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly '
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sore -
Throat, l Bronchitis. Congestions and Innatfias.
las* *0c wu touiA ttoxd w x>t uggiit*OVATION TO
THE BOOTHS
Thousands of People Greet
the Leaders of the
New Army.
CHEERED TO THE ECHO.
Purposes of the Salvationists'
Rival Organization Are
Outlined.
WILL LABOR FOR THE MASSES.
" The Defenders' League" the Name by
Which the Order Will
Be Known.
NEW YORK, N. V., March B.— Mr. and
Mrs. Ballington Booth addressed an im
mense audience at Cooper Union to-night.
It was one of the largest gatherings ever
held in the historic building. A few min
utes after the doors were opened there was
not an unoccupied seat in the hall, and it
is estimated that 5000 men, women and
children were turned away.
The stage was decorated with the Na
tional flag and pictures of Washington.
A lame crayon portrait of Washineton oc
cupied the center of the stage. One of the
favorite hymns sung while the crowd was
waiting for Mr. and Mrs. Booth to appear
was that containing the lines:
We never, never will give in;
So we won't! no we won't!
Mr. aud Mrs. Booth appeared on the
stage at 8 o'clock, and the immense au
dience fairly went wild with enthusiasm.
Hats, handkerchiefs, nags, canes and bon
nets were waved, and those present cheered
and shouted for fully fifteen minutes with
out ceasing. During this time Mr. Booth
stood with bowed head, while Mrs. Booth j
knelt in prayer. Some one shouted : \
'Three cheers for our American com-
Blander!" Ihe cheers were given, and for '
another interval of ten minutes the crowd j
went fairly wild with enthusiasm. Cheer
alter cheer was given for Mr. and Mrs. :
Booth. Major Peter Glen then addressed !
the audience as follows:
"This is not a meeting where we have
come together to talk about that which
seems uppermost in every one's mind. We
are here to have a purely spiritual meet
inc."
Mr. Booth then led in prayer, and at its
conclusion said:
"Mrs. Booth and myself have not come
to this gathering for the purpose of allud
ing to the recent sad events in our experi
ence. It is true that after deliberate ]
ti. ought we have decided to inaugurate a ,
new movement. [Cheers.] Could it have j
been avoided it would not have been
thought of. Mia. Booth and I received
assurances from the peoole of the United
J-tat^s fighting in behalf of Jesus Christ \
that, we had done a work for which they \
were grateful and would not quietly sub- i
mit that we should retire to private life
ana relinquish a held which is the largest ;
of any on the globe, where there is not |
only work for one Salvation Army but for
a hundred. We have endeavored to the
best of our ability to do something to
bring over the middle or artisan classes to !
God.
■ We do not intend to enter into any
battle or strife with the Salvation Army.
"We want no fight, neitner actual nor ver
bal."
'•Don't believe it," shouted a man in the
audience.
"That is a brother," replied Mr. Booth,
who, continuing, said : "We want to have
a mission to reach the masses- We have
resolved that the consecration we shall
make shall be lasting."
Mr. Booth then spoke of consecration of
the heart and mind in religion, and closed
by saying: "I want to assure M^-s. Booth
and those officers who have taken a stand
by me that by faith I see in tne distant
future a movement that we will not regret
taring linked our names with."
Mrs. Booth spoke briefly and was cheered
enthusiastically. She made no reference
to the troubles in the ranks of the army.
Mr. Booth said in an interview tnat the
name of the new movement had not been
chosen, and that the name of the auxiliary
league would be "The Defenders' League."
A monster mass-meeting would be held,
he said, at Carnegie Hall at some near
date.
STOCKTON CONFIRMATION
The Rite Administered to Hun
dreds of Catholics, Old
and Young.
Archbishop Riordan's Sermon Was
Full of Earnestness and Deep
Thought.
STOCKTON, Cal., March B.— lmmense
r umbers tested the capacity of St. Mary's
Catholic Church yesterday when the rite
of confirmation was administered to 249
persons, old and young. So many had
counted on attending that the crowd
pressed back for fully a block in each di
rection.
Rev. Father O'Connor was celebrant at
hi', r h mass prior to the opening of the im
pressive service. Archbishop Riordan ieft
a sick bed to come to Stockton to keep his
appointment, but his sermon was as full
of earnestness and deep thought as ever.
His text was: "Blessed are they who hear
the word of God and keep it." The
speaker said that the Savior pleads for the
sincerity of life, but demands obedience,
quoting: "Not they who say unto me,
'Lord, Lord,' shall enter the kingdom of
heaven, but they who do my will."
"Aterail," he continue t. "we are not
•what our actions say we are, we are what
our thoughts are. The supreme thing in
man is his soul. We are responsible to
God for our thoughts, for it is our thoughts
that make us as we are. While Christian
religion has stately ceremonials, above all
the kingdom of God is in our hearts and
man's loyalty is in his heart. The state
ment that it makes no difference what a
man believes is dangerous. Notwithstand
ing the divisions of Christianity to-day
and the breaking up of the family whicii
should be one there is nothing outside of
it but darkness and death."
A.JI of the Archbishop's sermon was lis
tened to with most rapt attention. Near
the close special attention was called to ,
the Ten Commandments as the pillars of
support of Christianity.
A tine musical reception was given the
Archbishop in the evening by the sodali
ties of St. Mary's Church and an address
was made by John T. Doyle.
LECTURE AT PALO ALTO.
Herr Wagner Talks to the Students on
'•The Problems of Liberty."
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal.,
March 8. — Herr Wagner, editor of the
Western Journal of Education, lectured in
the University Hell last night to a large
audience.
His subject was "The Problems of Lib
ert}'," illustrated with sixty views many
of thep reproductive of historic scenes,
including Angel's "Statue of Moses,"
"King John Granting the Magna Charta,"
"Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn," "Queen
Elizabeth, 1 ' "Massacre ofSt.bartholemew,"
"Gutlenberg's First Proof," "The Fall of
the Bastile," and "The Spirit of '76,"
"Liberty Bell."
Mr. Wagner, in treating of "The Prob
lems of Liberty," gave some vivid pictures
of the conditions that prevail at the pres
ent time, as well as of the times when peo
ple fought for the rights of private judg
ment and constitutional liberty.
The eloquent simplicity of the language
used, the intense human side of the his
tory shown and the artistic quality of the
views kept the audience interested from
the beginning.
TRAMP KILLED AT TREBXO.
The Poor Ftllotc Was Trytna to Leave
His Perch on a Jtrakebeam.
FRESNO, Cal., March B.— A tramp giv
ing the name of Joseph Davis, whose
former home was in lowa, came to this
city late last night supported by iron rods
beneath a passenger coach.
As the train slowed up on its approach
to tne depot the fellow attempted to swing
himself out of reach of the trucks. He
made a miscalculation and was caught
under the wheels and had his right foot
cut off. He was removed to the County
Hospital, where he died at noon to-day as
a result of the accident.
INCITING A REVOLUTION.
The Notorious Santa Teresa
Again at Work on the
Border of Mexico.
Starts an Armed Force to Cross the
Boundary and Invade the
Republic.
NOGALES, Ariz., March B.— A dispatch
was received late last night from Solomon
ville, Ariz., by Collector of Customs Sam
uel F. Webb, stating that Lauro Aguirre
and Flores Chapa were en route to No
gales to enter Sonora with an armed force
to institute a revolution against the Mcxi
can Government. The American and
Mexican custom inspectors have been
ordered to keep a close watch for the revo
lutionists, who are expected to enter So
nora near this place.
Aguirre and Chapa are newspaper men
— editors of a Spanish paper ai Solomon
viile owned by the notorious Santa Teresa,
the "Saint," who was exiled from Mexico,
for causing a revolution among the Yaqui
Indians a few years ago. Aguirre was
formerly editor of the Independente, a
Spanish paper at Nogales that suDPorted
Santa Teresa in the former revolution,
and Chapa ran a Spanish paper at £1
Paso, Tex., and also supported h»r.
Teresa moved from Nogales to Solomon
ville three months ago and started her
paper, with these men as editors. It is
not known if she is with the party.
MAGALIA MINE ACCIDENT
Norman Rideout of Marysville
Receives Fatal In
juries.
His Skull and Leg Fractured by
the Fall of a Huge
Bowlder.
CHICO. Cal., Marcn B.— An accident
that resulted in the death of Norman
Rideout, a son of the wealthy banker,
N. D. Rideout of Marysville. occurred at
the Maealia mine this afternoon.
Rideont is interested in the Magalia mine
and spent to-day there looking after his
interests. Late this afternoon he was
standing near what i 3 called the pnrap
station, when a rocK of enormous 9ize fell
from the roof of the station. which is about
sixteen feet from the floor, and strucK
Rideout a glancing blow on the head and
lee. He was knocked unconscious and
died at 4 o'clock.
Norman Rideout was a man ■well known
all over the State and especially in North
ern California. He was interested in sev
eral mines and has made a visit to the
Magalia property nearly every Sunday.
His family arrived on this evening's locai
and accompanied Dr. Powell to the scene
of the accident to-night.
VISALIAX ACCIfiEXTALLY SHOT.
Young Andy FranrA*' JMithnp While
Riding on a Hay Wagon.
VISALIA, Cal., March B.— Andy Fran
cis, aged about 18 years, accidentally sho
himself with a rifle this afternoon about
two miles from Visalia.
He had been to his father's ranch for a
load of hay and barley and was returning
to town when the accident happened. He
was on the seat of a farm wagon, and
when the gun was discharged the noise
was heard by two Mexican boys who were
walking along the road, and they stopped
the horses, which started to run.
©Young Francis had fallen over on the
brake, and he was taken from the wacon
and laid by the roadside until some one
came along in a light wagon, when he was
brought into town. Dr. Mathewson wa?
caiied and found that the bullet had en
tered beneath tbe clvin, ranging up toward
the brain. He could not find the bullet,
anil the young man was taken to his home.
He wa-H conscious while the examina
tion was being made, and never groaned.
The boy is a son of George W. Francis,
and is a student in the Ninth grade of the
public school.
Broke Hlb tttjk at Smith't Flnt.
PLACERVILLE, Cat.., March 8.-Con
rad Saner, living at Smith's Flat, two
miles east of here, was standing on a ve
randa this afternoon, reaching out to
prune a grapevine, when the railing gave
way, precipitating him to the ground and
breaking his neck.
Saver had resided in the county for
forty years. He was 60 years of age, a
member of the Druids and leaves a family
in comfortable circumstances.
A Nk%o Paper for Bigg*.
CH ICO, Cal., March B.— The rirst num
ber of the Bigg 9 Notes, a new paper pub
lished at iJifrt," 1 . made its appearance yes
terday. It will be published weekly and
its editor is F. F. Carnduff, an old news
paper man of Biggs. Politically it will be
independent, its first mission being to give
all the iocal news of Biggs and Butte
County.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
PORTLAND HAS A
FATAL LANDSLIDE
Daniel McDonald's Dwelling
Reduced to Kindling
Wood.
TWO PERSONS PERISH.
Other Occupants of the House
Barely Escape With Their
Lives.
HORROR-STRICKEN SPECTATORS
Heroic Work of Rescuers, but It Was
Impossible to Save the
Lost Ones.
PORTLAND, Or., March 8.-A landslide
on Portland Heights at about 7 o'clock
yesterday morning completely wrecked
the dwelling-house of Daniel McDonald
in a small ravine on Nineteenth street, be
tween Mill and Montgomery, in which
were killed his daughter Belle, 15 years of
age, and his cousin, Daniel Campbell, who
was visiting the family. Besides those in
the house at that time were Mr. McDon
ald, confined to his bed with a fever, his
wife and a younger daughter, Mary.
About 2000 yards of earth rushed upon
the frail, doomed house from an altitude
of about 300 feet, and without a moment's
warning scattered death and destruction
about that peaceful home. At the time
of the catastrophe Belle was in the kitchen
in the rear end of the house building a
fire, and Mr. Campbell was still asleep in
a bedroom adjoining. Mrs. McDonald
and her younger daughter were in a front
bedroom attending the invalid.
The house was L-shaped, and the im
mense slide struck the southwest corner
with such velocity that it parted the front
portion. The intensity of the shock shoved
Mrs. McDonald into the street, also the
bed upon which Mr. McDonald was lying
was knocked part of the way out. Sick as
he is, he managed to crawl out of the bed
and escaped without external injury. Little
Mary, though, was buried beneath a mass
of timbers, from which she was very
quickly rescued. She sustained no injury
beyond a gash in the chin, wnich cut down
to the bone, and an abrasion on the fore
head.
Almost instantaneously after the vast
volume of earth had struck the house it
was leveled to the ground ; not a solitary
stick of it remained standing. The rumb
ling noise, similar to that of an earthquake,
made by the precipitating of the soil,
created a little fright among people living
close to the scene of the disaster, hurrying
many to the street.
The eye-witnesses to the destruction of
the McDonald home were horror-stricken.
After the tirst shock Mr. McDonald was
cared for in a neighboring house and a
search made for little Mary, Belle and Mr.
Campbell. The former as before stated
was taken from beneath a mass of lumber.
Mr. Campbell was found in his bed, dead
from suffocation, but poor Belle was miss
ing.
By this time a large crowd of neighbors
and a number of employes of the cable
road power-house had assembled on the
spot and In a few moments the conclusion
was reached that the girl had been buried
beneath the avalanche of earth, together
with a greater part of the house and all its
contents. About a dozen men at once set
to work delving into the soil for the re
mains of Belle, which were not unearthed
till 1 o'clock in the afternoon. Her bruised
face bore an expression of pain evidencing
that death did not ensue at once after be
ing entombed, but rather that she re
mained conscious for the better part of a
minute.
McDonald, who was at once carried into
the House of a neighbor, is nearly wild with
grief, and it is feared he will have a re
lapse, as his fever ran up very high on
receiving intelligence of his daughter's
death. He insisted upon seeing the re
mains of his daughter as soon as they
were found, and the scene as the body was
brought before him was a touching one.
It was thought that grief would dethrone
his reason.
Campbell, who was visiting McDonald
yesterday and was prevailed upon to stay
over night, was a single man and a mem
ber of the Odd Fellows' lodge at Lafayette.
A smilar accident to the ona that result
ed in the loss of two lives this morning
occurred near the same place two years
ago, but as on that occasion the slide oc
curred at 4 o'clock in the afternoon and
no one was at home, only the house was
demolished.
The slide was produced by the operation
of a small spring on the crest of thehiil
on loose soil which had been conveyed
there last fail to fill in the roadbed.
IDENTIFICATION OF RATAN
Section Men Who Saw Him
Walking With the Mur
dered Japs.
Sacramento's Sheriff Satisfied That He
Has Captured a Red-Handed
Criminal.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March B.— Simon
Ratan, who was arrested yesterday by
Sneriff Johnson and Deputy McDonald on
suspicion of being the man who shot and
killed the two Japanese near Arno station
last Tuesday, has been positively identified
by the section hands, who saw the trio
walking up the railroad track shortly be
fore the murder occurred, as the man who
was in company with the Japanese on that
day.
This morning Ratan was turned at large
with some forty other prisoners in the jail
yard, and when the three section men ar
rived in town Sheriff Johnson accompanied
them to the inclosure and requested them
to point out the supposed murderer.
As the eyes of one of the men fell on
Itatan, in an instant a gleam of recognition
was noticed by the Sheriff, who was
closely watching the section men's every
action, and without the slightest hesita
tion the man threaded his way through
the crowd to Ratan's side, and laying his
hand on his shoulder, said: "This is the
man."
His two companions also recognized
Ratan. and Sheriff Johnson states that he
he has little doubt but that he has in
custody the man who for a few paltry
dollars hurled two men into eternity.
Some two days since a party came to the
Sheriff and stated that while'passing over
the Twelfth-street bridge, near this city,
he had been accosted by a Russian Finn
who was evidently in hiding under the
structure, and asked to go and procure
some food for the stranger. This man also
came to the jail, but failed to recognize in
Ratan the man who had accosted him.
Under Sheriff Dave Reese, who resides
in ihe vicinity of Brighton, near where
Ratan was captured, has ascertained
beyond a doubt that Ratan went to the
house of Mr. Rutters on Wednesday, the
day after the murder, instead of Tuesday,
as claimed by the accused, and there are
several other incidents which would seem
to prove that Ratan, not satisfied with the
record he made when he shot down in cold
blood one of Sacramento's most popular
citizens, James Lansing, has again added
to his record by the murder of his inof
fending fellow-travelers, the two Japanese.
fourth Spanish Lodge of Foresters.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March B.—
Last night the fourth Spanish Lodge of
Foresters organized in this country was
established at Channel City HalJ. Thirty
five members were initiated, the cere
monies being conducted by Grand Chief
Ranker Oritila of Loa Aneeles.
The work of this lodge will be conduct
ed in Spanish, but a number of Spanish
speaking Americans, including Hon. W.
B. Cope, Judge of our Superior Court of
the United States, united with this branch
of the order.
Serious Runaway Accident.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 8. — While
Walter Foster, accompanied by a young
girl, was driving along South First street,
near Duane, last evening, his horse be
came fractious and ran on to the sidewalk,
knocking down Charles D. Hoyt, an old
man. The buggy was overturned and
both occupants thrown out. Mr. Hoyt,
who is 70 years of age, was run over and
badly hurt. His face and hands were cut
and his left shoulder bruised. On account
of his advanced age it is feared the shock
may prove fatal.
SAN JOSE REPUBLICANS
Much Interest Manifested in the
City Convention To-
Morrow.
Citizens Selected as Delegates From
the Wards by the Central
Committee. $
SAN JOSE, Cal., March B.— Considerable
interest is being manifested in the city
Republican convention to be held Tues
day evening, March 10. The convention
will be composed of seventy-one delegates,
apportioned as follows: First "Ward, four
teen; Second Ward, twenty; Third Ward,
twenty-one; Fourth "Ward sixteen. The
following have been selected as delegates
by the city central committee:
First Ward— F. E. Spencer, Albert Lake, Wil
liam Moir, J. O'Brien, A. W. Saxe, J. F. O'Keefe .
K. Wa'ie, Charles Beach, A. McDonald, .1. Cor
roto, E. Heed, James Martin, W. H. Keaton,
K. B. Dunlop.
B«cond ward— Rush McComas, George Kow
raan. Dr. H. A. Spencer, George W. Lee, Walter
Chrisman, W. J. Wolcott, Louis Montgomery,
Jamea R. Lowe. Louis O'Neal, P. White, S. B.
Hunkir.s, A. 8. Mangrum, W. W. Gillespie, G.
Hostetter, Elmer E. Chase, 1). V. Mahoney.
Thomas Hughes, i>. G. Tompkins, T. tj. Mont
goinery.
Third Ward— Paul P. Austin, H. Booksin Sr.,
F. J. Clark, Charles Barkaway, Dun McGinley,
J. R. Bailey, Harry Vance, Dr.* Thomas Kclley,
F. K. Ledyard, T. J. Stone, G. A. Daiizi^cr,
George B.McKee, W. C. Hamilton. Dr. K. P.
Ashworth, C. 11. Mmonds, >!. Presho, John B,
Hanrion, H. V. Morehouse, George Phelps, J.
D. Miner, C. F. Freitag.
Fourth ward— J. Koeuij*, Dr. C. E. Hailstone,
J. I. Bradley, Frank Armstrong. Ed Haley. J.
H. Perry, Gus Koerber, Rick Donovan, J. Vil
lar, J. Koclier, Robert Anderson, 11. B. Chase,
H. J. Bwinr, J. Cave, H. 11. Anderson, J. W.
Cook, J. P. Jarmaa.
THE FXUIT OUTLOOK.
Every Indication Point* to Good Crops
of All Kinds.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March B.— There is
but little demand for dried fruit and what
remains unsold in the valley is moving off
slowly. The sales made are all small. The
prices upon prunes remain tirm at the
present basis, winch is very low, about 4
cents for the average of the four sizes. As
near as can be estimated about IJ."> car
loads of prunes remain in the valley.
This stock, if properly distributed, is not
much if any more, than is needed for the
usual spring consumption.
"As an experiment a carload of prunes
was recently sent Ea?t in attractive two
and four round paper cartoons. In ap
pearance these packages are as attractive
as confectionery. I'pou the covers the
public is informed that the cartoons con
tain 'Pure f^anta Clara County Fluits, put
up by the California Dried Fruit Agency.'
Full directions for the cooking of the fruit
is printed upon each package. The fruit
was forwarded to the Chicago and Boston
markets, and the grocers there will be
urge<l to push them. The fruit being of
the very vest, no doubt its introduction in
that shape will be a line advertisement for
the i^anta Clara County products."
Every indication points to a good crop
of all kinds of fruits the coming season,
with the exception of Moor Park apricots.
There has not been a good crop of this
variety of apricots for three years.
In the vicinity of Santa Clara smudge
tires to produce clouds of smoke have been
resorted to, to protect the fruit during the
recent cold nights. This work was done
the most extensively by A. Block on the
Ban Francisco road. Last fall he laid in a
stock of straw at an expense of $125 for
that special purpose.
Wito this straw and coal tar almost in
credible volumes of smoke are produced.
The object is to produce artificial clouds
that hang over the tops of the trees and
prevent the falling of the frost. It is well
known that on cloudy nights there is no
danger from frost no matter how cold the
weather is, and the smoke clouds have tiie
same effect. There is much disagreeable
night work attending the keeping up of
the fires, but in the low places where there
is so much danger of duruaee from frost
no doubt it pays to resort to it.
Deaih of m J'ioneer.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March S.-Joab Powell,
a pioneer of California, died in this city
to-day after a lingering illness from con
sumption. It is claimed that he was the
youngest of the early settlers of the State.
He was born in Salt Lake City in March,
1840, while his parents were en route to
California from Mississippi wi»U a large ox
train.
The baby survived the hardships of the
remainder of the trip, and, three months
old, arrived in California on the early date
of June, 1849. This made him at the time
of his death, at the age of 47 years, the
youngest '49er in the State.
The deceased was always engased in
agricultural pursuits and left some prop
erty. He was also one of tne oldest mem
bers of the National Guard. He enlisted
in the militia over eighteen years ago, and
was devoted to the service. For seven
years he was quartermaster of Com pan v B
in this city, and held that office at the time
of his death. He will be buried with mili
tary honors by Company B next Tuesday
afternoon.
Santa Clara Citizens' Ticket.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March B.— At a caucus
of citizens held at Santa Clara last even
ing the following ticket was nominated
for the town election to be held Monday,
April G: Town Trustees— John Roll, J. B.
O'Brien and D. O. Druffel; School Board—
Dr. S. Oberdeener and Dr. G. H. Worrall;
Treasurer. Robert B. Roll; Clerk, George
Fenton; Marshal, John Lovell; Superin
tendent of School, A. L. Kellogg.
PREACHES AT
SANTA BARBARA.
Rev. Edward Everett Hale
in the Unity Church
Pulpit.
ELOQUENT DISCOURSE.
Fervent Appeal for a Higher
Life and Higher Ideals
of Living.
TRUE RELIGION EXEMPLIFIED.
The Vast Assemblage Spellbound From
the Opening to the Close of
the Sermon.
SANTA BARBARA, Cat,., Ma~ch B.—
The beautiful Unity Church was crowded
to its full capacity to-day to hear the dis
tinguished author and divine, the Rev.
Edward Everett Hale, who is stopping at
Santa Barbara for the season and was an
nounced to fill the pulpit this morning.
When the congregation was assembled the
Rer. Mr. Hale, who, with his family,
is a guest at the beautiful Hazard home,
on Mission Hill, and has Mr. Hazard's
stable anii coachman at his command,
came driving quietly down to the church
in a simple phaeton, his wife by his side
and himself guiding the quiet old horse.
Few recognized in tnis unostentatious rig
the advent of the celebrated man they had
come to hear.
Mr. Hale's address was an earnest, fer
vent appeal for a higher life and hi gher
ideals of living, veined with that tender
sympathy and broad humanity which
have made him the foremost philanthro
pist of the day.
The topic of Mr. Hale's discourse was
"Religiosity vs. Religion," and in its
course he paid a rather cutting compli
ment to the typical religious paper. He
instituted a comparison between the su
perficial as distinguished from the true
religion, suggesting the case of a family
which had no religious faith and from
which death suddenly claimed the dearly
loved mother. The father, distraught by
his own grief and the sorrow of his chil
dren, Becks consolation in the first reli
gious paper he can find.
This religious paper treats of seve nteen
different subjects, and tuese Mr. Hale re
cited from a list actually taken from one
of the leading journals of the day. Not one
of these holds a suggestion of consolation
or encouragement for the mourner. Next
he turns to the jiulpit, and Mr. Hale read
a list of ten subjects of religious discourse
which recently led a list of one hundred
announcements in a metropolitan daily.
Here, again, there was not only barren
comfort but little food for reflection.
Mr. Hale ha* too often been described to
require to be presented in person to Cali
fornians. Tall, spare, with large, deep-set
eyes and earnest face he thrilled his hear
ers with his first word and held them in
rapt attention to the last. His sermon
with its practical sympathy was one to
make a lasting impression. At the con
clusion of the discourse he came down
from the pulpit and shook hands with
every man, woman and child who waited.
NEW TO-DAT. ;
D'fj u'i it
It's the
talk of all the dubs
— the wonderful suc-
cess of the MAN-
TELL " cigar.
10 cents— 2 for 25 cents— 3 for 25 Oenta,
. ■ -. ALL DEALERS.
AUCTION SALES.
FORCED SALE.
J^ .fey fe
Buggies. ha..k;. Carts.
.A.T AUCTION,
SATURDAY.
Saturday. .....:. ...March 14, 1896
At 11 o'clock, on the premises,
2432 CALIFORNIA STREET,
WE WIIAj SKI.I,
The Entire Contents of T. J. Sullivan's
Stables,y \
"V--:"- CONSISTING 0F. .....
Lease, cood will. etc.. and 25 head Al Livery and
Carriage Horses: 4 fine five-glass Landaulet Car:
ria;;es, lutest styles: 2 Coupes: Upeuand Top Sur-
reys: PhaitfTfin: Open am! .'Jop Buggies; Carts;
40 'sets Single and Double Harness; Saddlery,
Bobes, Blankfts, etc. ,
Also, the Offlce'l''urnlture, including grand Com-'
bination safe. * , .
:v Sale: positive,; rain or shine. Xo . limit, no re-
serve. Kver.v article sold »<-prtratPly. 1&S3&&BE18B8&
< SULLIVAN" & DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneers. '
■ , •■..••,--..-• Onice— 327 Sixth streeU
FIRE ODERWRIIW I SALE.
r IKL I A Dhli II nl 1 Llia oALb.
Jeremiah Noonan's Stock of Goods Re-
moved to 77 3 Market Street,
. ":■ Near Fourth. 5;
On WEDNESDAY the 11th and THt'RSDAY
the 12th days of Marcli, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
we will commence i his immense | sale, with about
50 Bivrr outfits and 500 Ranges and Stows, new
and • second-hand. . Balance sof . the : salvage slock
will be sold from day to day as quickly as it can be
removed, which will be advertised in the mornlna;
pat>ers. . ; ':.. ■'.•"•■ - ■■■ ■■• : .-.- ■:. .-. .;."■■ •-■ .:■■:.■.■ : ' : , •. /.■'..■
>On account of the damage done by the ; fire to
Jfoonan's '.store it -has been found insecure. :, We
have for this reason received orders from the Pa-
citlc Coast Fire Underwriters to remove the goods
to 773 Market st., and there for their account sell
to the highest bidder the salvage of about. SHO.OOO
worth of Furniture, Carpets," Ranges, Bedding and
goods too numerous to describe. '-. ;. •, ->
Indiana Auction Co., 120 Sutter, K. 12.
B. M. BIRDSALL. Propr. :
H. Lbcthoitz, Auctioneer.
• ; NEW TO-DAT. -
®(!XSXgiSXS)®®®®®®<«^
DISSOLUTION OF
PARTNERSHIP SALE!
i
® Our Wonderful Special Sale — sour grapes to all <|j
|j competitors, because they cannot possibly attain to them. No %
S house can sell goods at cost or less very long and exist — we |>
® shall only do so fora limited time — just long enough to raise ®
I, the money to pay our retiring partner, Mr. B. Roman, for his <|
@ share of the business — All the new spring stocks Clothing, |>
| Furnishings and Hats on sale— No reserve— New prices on red <»
S tickets. . I)
1 Your Money Back If Not Satisfied. |
I Men's Suits. Men's Trousers. |
S v $2 EVERY - DAY WORKING A- *
I S 8, $9 and $10 CHEVIOT. SUITS PANTS JOC S
2v — single, or aouble breasted ■ )si
2} sacks— black, blue or mixtures d>/» Q\ $3 and $3 50 ALL-AVOOL CASSI- d»1 A- S
(f. —the proper style lor spring ipw.Ou MERE— newest cut *pl»vO g
I fa business suits — strong, ser- S
« viceable 54 and 9* 50 ALL-WOOL WOR- . £>
' . STED or CASBIMERE STRIPES *») O- 3>
: S . . - : AND SILK MIXTURES— per- 'pi.OO S
. ffi $12. $14 and $16 CHEVIOT OR iect ritun .
i i CASSIMERE SUITS— aII wool *A - $5, i? 5 50 and .^WORSTED AND *Q ft^ I
S —the new style sacks or frocks \U\t $o f 9o 50 and $0 WORSTED AND tf»Q fIZ (*)
■ | -black, blue or mixtures in «r«T.O') CASSIMERE DRESS PANTS.. »P*J.V»I |
•<| new coiorings. $(! 50. if 7 and $7 50 Best READY- @
<2> TO-WEAR PANTS money can d>l A- S
« $1750, $19 and $20 CHEVIOT, i bu 5" •• ••• ■...■.■■■■ 'Pt.V'J W
! WORSTED OR CASSIMERE ' • ®
SUlTS— handsomely tailored rf»l.> 1" M^fl'c OvP!«rnotc ®
g ; — fully equal to best custom- •pl-ii'J ITICII VCrLUcIIS. i.
J* made— single or double breast- _ J»
, & ed sacks — "cutaways" —fit $8, $9 and $10 OVERCOATS, ti>p P- (fi
guaranteed. special at....... <fV.Ot> m
' $12, $14 and $16 OVERCOATS, rt»A QZ ®
g $20, $22 50 and $25 FINE SUITS • special at •p^.O*) ®
(» —all of our dressiest suits— ©
5 made by such houses as Stein, $17 50, $19 and $20 OVER- (fli) I" (J)
§ . Bloch Co., Hammerslaugh tf»IQ C". COATS, sjecial at •pla. i t») fa
6 Bros, and Alfred Benjamin it 'pi'J.'j') . fa
S Co., leading clothing makers $20, $22 and $23 OVERCOATS, d><o QX 0
(|) of America— spring styles. special at.. >Pl») t fa
v> Ularßct $tr««t,s.l:
"■"■■-'" ' ■ ■" - ■■■■-■ AUCTION SALES. '. .■ ■ ■
BY ORDER OF
HON. ADOLPH SUTRO.
14 CASH.
YON RHEIN&CO.,
TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896,
At IS IJL. Sliarp, at
513 CALIFORNIA ST.,
0. L. Blocks 225 and 224
FRONTING POINT LOBOS, 43d, 44th and 45th AVENUES,
_, CiEMENi sfXE£T 
IV, '20 I -10 CJ) /CJ 'iO I ~ /2.0 Vi| '
<Ni /^ /<7 tN« C^ /6 jy
- n zo -. : /5 /S> '
\ ••' '5 - zz • 5f /J 1 ~L.
; /3 3# < : // 22 ':.}
/2 *£ /o 23 •
t,i d i±—L ?: 1 ■■*- I 24 5^
■ y /^ I -27 ; kt v 8 V
U ° QOad — '
Only 1000 feet from Sutro Heights, close to Station of Sutro and California
Street Railroads. The peerless NewvCliff, the world-renowned Baths :
and the couutless attrnctions of that vicinity.
IN FULL VIEW OF THE PACIFIC OCEAN.
■ Catalogues. Diagrams and Full Particulars, at
YON RMEIN & CO., Auctioneers, 513 California Street.
AUCTION SALE. THESLCCESS OF THE SEASON
'.^rJ&^t. THE LADIES 7 GRILL ROOM
At 11 o'clock, v " OF THK
I will sell the entire contents of Tattersal{'s Star DAI A 0 L MflT L 8
hie, corner Geary and Leavenworth streets, 30 iT'fll ft ll ■" "Hill lIZ I
head Horse*, 25 Buggies. 4 Delivery Wagons, 8 : . ; -..'■■. . ; . ■■•■■■ Wl» liw I kilnl
Bh«£8 h«£ a Phaet0 M ' 25 BCta Sing e and , direct, entrance FROM MARKET st.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer. ' -:'■ OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
34
THE BIG WRECK
NEAR DEL MAR
Considered Miraculous That
Not a Life Was
Lost,
THRILLING INCIDENTS.
Flames Licked Up Everything
in Their Path and Para
lyzed Passengers.
BRAVE CONDUCTOR KINNEY.
He Rescued a Young Mother With a
Crying Infant in Her
Arms.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., March B.— lt was in
the nature of a miracle that no one was
killed by the wreck of the Chicago limited
last night near Del Mar. The reJief train,
which left just after midnight, reached the
spot at 2:30. and returned to this city at
4:30 this morning with the passengers. It
was learned that the accident was caused
by a broken flange on the rear trucks of
the tender. Tne broken wheel ran all
right until a curve was struck a few feet
further on, when the trucks flew the track,
finally dropping completely out from
under the tender and smashing into the
baggage car. Ihe engine and tender ran
a hundred and fifty feet further. The bae
gage car flew the track to the left and
turned upon its side.
The smoKer jumped after it and its
trucks were knocked from under it, leaving
the car half-way across the track upon its
bottom, which saved the lives of scores of
passengers. The day coach, next to the
emoker, flew to the right of tne track and
hung in a balance over a twenty-foot em
bankment. The parlor car following was
off the track slightly, but right side up.
The Pullman, the last of the train, was all
right, with its trucks off the track.
Hardly had the train stopped before the
baggage car caught fire from the stove
and lamp and rapidly burned. The bag
gageman, King, was near the stove and
was quite badly injured, but was rescued
by the expressman. Conductor Kinney
was thrown acain6t the stove and his arm
cut severely and his head bruised.
The expressmen hustled to get out the
treasure-box of Wells, Fargo & Co. and
managed to do so. One or two passengers
came forward and looked for their baggage
and assisted in getting out a big trunk.
One sack of mail, consisting of papers for
National City, was also thrown out.
By this time the lire was so hot that the
men had to abandon the car, and every
thing was lost — the mail, consisting of
fifteen sacks, all the express, vouchers,
papers, books and all the baggage, includ
ing nineteen bicycles owned by the Steams
racing tetm, valued at almost $3000. The
baggage car was smashed almost to
kindling wood and it burned with great
rapidity. The smoker was also badly
smashed, though it stood upright. There
were only rive or six passengers in ie and
they were uninjured, though some of the
men were so badly scared that they stood
still and yelped like whipped puppies.
There was only one woman's scream
heard during the wreck and that was a
young niotner crying for her baby, which
had been hurled from her arms.
The day coach was almost full of people,
and as ie turned upon its side the sound of
breaking glass was heard here and there
where passengers made their way out.
Conductor Kinney, with great coolness,
wounded as he was, hurried to this car,
and, breaking open a window, called to the
occupants to learn if they were al! right.
He got a cheery response, and then, as
sisted by others, he lifted the passengers
out through the windows. All got out
without injury, though many were slightly
cut or bruised, as was discovered after the
excitement was over.
As soon as the passengers were rescued
from the day coach and it was learned that
nobody was hurt beyond Baggageman
King and Conductor Kinney, attention
was paid to saving the train from burning.
It was found that the guard chains and
couplings held the cars fast, and the great
■weight of the poised day coach tightened
these couplings so that nothing could be
done to separate the cars. The smoker
began to burn and the flames were attack
ing the day coach, when Conductor Kin
ney, alert through it all, made another
round of the coaches to see if all the pas
se ncers were out.
In the day coach, crouching in one of
the seats, he found a woman tightly clasp
ing her baDy to her breast, and so fright
ened that she was paralyzed. Calling a
passenper or two the conductor went down
and rescued the woman and her baby,
hardly before the flames reached the seat
where she was crouching.
Another careful search was made of all
GEISTERAL VIESW O!F* THE 3 CITY OF SEATTLE IT-JR.O3MC T±IE HARBOR.
the cars and a list taken by the conductor,
whose notebook became covered with
blood from his wounded arm. All the
passengers were accounted for.
The lire spread rapidly from the day
coach to the parlor car. It was hoped at
one time to uncouple the coach and let it
roll over the embankment, which would
save the parlor-car ana Pullman, but this
could not be done, and efforts were then
directed toward saving the furnishings' as
it was apparent that the whole train would
burn.
The par!or-car was robbed of its chairs
and curtains, and the sleeper of its bedding
and portieres. The passengers displayed
considerable nerve and good humor, and
the men were careful to see that the
women and children were supplied with
blanKets.
The tire from the train took off the chill
of the air, and ail prepared to stay on the
spot until the relief train arrived. Some
of the passengers had been rudely routed
from bed, and they appeared wrapped in
curtains, blankets, towels or whatever they
could rind.
In the excitement the treasure-box was
overlooked, aud when the relief train ar
rived a search was made for it, and it was
found a couple of hundred yards distant,
entirely unguarded and open to assault by
any thief who cared to take it. The
amount in it ia not exactly known, but it
was over $5000.
Agent Xeeler estimates the total loss to
the company at $50,000. Wells-Fargo's
loss cannot be learned to-night. The reg
istered mail is heavy, and thousands of
dollars worth' of baggage is lost.
If the train had gone a hundred feet far
ther it would have been hurled over an
embankment eighty feet deep, with prob
ably an immense loss of life.
Engineer Thomas has been highly praised
for his action in applying the emergency
brake and reversing the engine, stopping
the train in its own length. The engine
and tender had been overhauled and prac
tically rebuilt three months ago and were
regarded as in the best of condition.
The track at the scene of the wreck was
torn up for 500 feet, but two wrecking crews
were set to work and trains this afternoon
ran on time. The wreck as viewed to-day
was simply a mass of ashes and twisted
iron, every vestige of inflammable material
being consumed. By dark to-night there
was hardly a sign of wreck, the stuff being
snoveled over the embankment and buried
and the track rebuilt. To-nigat there are
rumors of a score or more of damage suits
against the company for loss of baggage.
THE GYPSY KING AT REST
His Wanderings With the Spar
row Tribe Have Forever
Ceased.
And the Winds of Ocean Will Sing
Until Eternity Requiems Above
His Grave.
The remains of the gypsy king, "William
Sparrow, were laid to rest yesterday after
noon on the summit of the highest hill in
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
His grave looks over a wide stretch of
hills and ocean. The winds will Bing,
through the fir trees above him requiems
without number for his departed soul.
A curious eiowd of a thousand people or
more gathered about the camp on Folsom
street during the ceremony. The officiat
ing clergyman was the Rev. W. A. M.
Breck, assistant rector of St. John's Epis
copal Church.
At the conclusion of the services Mr.
BrecK stood at the door of the tent and
spoke a few eloquent and sympathetic
words to the people without.
"No matter where we mar wander on
this broad earth," said he, "we can never
stray from the protection and love of the
heavenly Father so long as we put our
faith in him and believe in and obey His
revealed words."
The dark-faced, black-haired men and
women gave free vent to their tears.
There were eight pallbearers, all rela
tives of the late chief: Abraham Boswell,
Bob Smith, William Boswell, A. Whorton,
J. Boswell. Nelson Cooper, Nelson Lovell
and Henry Morgan.
At the grave a crowd of curious women
awaited the funeral procession and stood
on tombstones and elbowed one another
to witness the last rites.
The women of the tribe seemed less
demonstrative of their grief than the men,
and it was only when the clear voice of
the clergyman pronounced the words
"Ashes to ashes, dust to dust," that they
bowed their heads with their husbands
and brothers to sod and to moan in their
sorrow.
"I guess we like eachoth er better," said
one of the tribe, "than you people who
live in houses do. If you had traveled
from San Diego to the farthest part of
British Columbia and from the Pacific to
the Atlantic Ocean with a man and had
him always treat you fair and help you
when you wanted help and be separated
from other people, you would see how it
is. Sparrow was a good man. I never
knew a better one."
Tt Fetches Okb up Very Short to be seized
with Pleurisy, Pneumonia, or any unite Throat
or Lung affect on. Dr. 1). Jayne's Expectorant
proves a handy help In such attacks, and Is, be
sidfs, a good old-fashioned remedy lor all Coughs
and Colds.
Andrea Ferrara is supposed to have
been an Italian well skilled in the art of
making; ewords; he was brought over to
Scotland about the reign of James V, and
his name is to be founcl on many of the
finest blades of that period.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
QUEEN CITY OF
PUGET SOUND
Rapid Growth of Seattle,
the Metropolis of the
Northwest.
IN A VERY RICH REGION.
The Resources of a Varied and
Almost Inexhaustible
Nature.
VALUABLE LUMBER AND COAL-
Manufacturing Interests That Will
Boom During the March of
Improvement.
SEATTLE, Wafit., March 6, 1896.—
Among the youthful cities of the North
west of prospective greatness, three or
four stand dut with brighter hopes than
the others; but none, perhaps, with better
prospects than Seattle. The Queen City
was first settled by whites in the year 1852,
and since that time her growth has been
rapid and substantial. The steady in
crease in her population during the last
sixteen years is shown by the following
figures: In 1880 her population was, ac
cording to the United States census, 3533;
in 1885, 9tiß3; in 1889, 26,740; in 1890,
United States eensu*, 42,837; in June, 1892,
State census, 57,542; her present popula
tion is upward of 65,000, the directory esti
mate for 1896 placing it at 67,000.
As a commercial center Seattle's situa
tion ia unequaled on the Pacific Coast;
she has every natural facility for the mak
ing of a great city, and her friends expect
within a few years, to see her ranking with
Detroit, Buffalo, Milwaukee, Toledo and
the other cities of commercial importance
around the Great Lakes. Her citizens re
alize that her future largely depends upon
her own exertions and her natural advan-
tages.
Seattle has already realizied this, and
her citizens are turniug their attention to
manufacturing. The Seattle Chamber of
Commerce is alert to the need of manu
facturing, and all applicants for locations
find ready and earnest co-operation from
that energetic body.
Like most Western cities Seattle must
depend largely upon outside capital to de
velop hr natural resources. Too little is
generally known of the advantages which
the Puget Sound country offers to Eastern
capital. This, however, seems likely to be
remedied within the next few years. East
ern people who have wintered in Southern
California are returning to their homes in
great numbers by the northern routes for
the express purpose of inokin.' 'over the
situation in this fertile and rich section of
the country.
All visitors seemed surprised to find
Seattle the well-built city she is. The
great tire of 1889 destroyed all the business
portion of the city, causing damage to the
extent of $ 15,000,000. Her citizens, how
ever, have rebuilt the city with modern,
well-equipped buildings, making her the
best built city of her size in the United
States. No sooner had Seattle been re
built than the panic came and retarded her
growth somewhat. These vicissitudes,
however, have called out the energies of
the people, and forced them to turn their
attention to manufacturing and legitimate
commercial business.
Within the last few years Seattle's manu
factures have made satisfactory progress.
The chief products of Puget Sound, of
which Seattle is the largest and most im
portant city and natural distributing point,
are lumber, shingles, coal, marble, hops,
fruit, potatoes, field roots, dairy products,
cattle, hogs, poultry, orchard and small 1
fruits, and edible fish of a numerous var
iety. None of these products are developed
to their full extent, and they present a
large field for th« capitalist. Considering,
however, the natural advantages which
the country has over the Eastern sections
of America, and considering the extent
of the growth of the East, the
West may tope some day to outstrip the
East. All that is wanted is capital. It
has been truly said that had the Pacific
seaboard been first discovered, the bleak
hills of New England would have to this
day remained uninhabited.
Lumbering and coal mining are the
chief industries of this section. The
amount of coal shipped from Seattle dur
ing the year 1894 was 270,000 tons, and the
output for 1895 much greater.
The lumber manufacturing is a prom
inent industry. The number of acres of
timber land in King County is about
879,000. The average number of teet of
standing timber per acre is about 23,000.
The average stumpage per 1000 feet is 70
cents. The number of feet of standing
timber, 20,230,800,000. Stumpage value,
$14,161,500. Many other counties on
Puget Sound are equally rich in timber.
Lying in the Snoqualmie Pass, near the
summit of the Cascade Mountains, is a
rich deposit of magnetic iron ore. This
deposit is weJl-nigh inexhaustible, and its
great value is shown by the following
average analysis of ore :
Metallic iron, 68.31; silica, 2.48; phospho
rus, .034 ; sulphur, .023.
Overlying this ore is a large quantity of
white marble, and adjoining the iron ore
claims are rich veins of copper and Bilver.
Rich gold and silver deDosits are being
discovered in the Cascade Mountains.
The fisheries of Seattle have during the
last year done a thriving business, having
run day and night. New canneries are
starting up at several points^on the Sound
and the industry is decidedly on the in
crease. The fishing industry includes seal
catching, salmon canning, shipping fresh
fish to the East and fish drying. Halibut
are extensively handled; also herring, cod
and other varieties. Oysters, clams, crabs
and shrimps abound in the sound and are
already a great feature of the fishing trade
and one destined to increase indefinitely
in the future. Lobsters have been planted
of late years and are expected to multiply
and thrive. There is no reason to suppose
that the Pacific fisheries will not in time
equal those of the Atlantic and when they
do Seattle will become the great fishing
center of the coast.
The city has railroad facilities which are
unequaled on the Pacific Coast, having
direct communication with tue East by
four great transcontinental line 3, the
Northern Pacific, the Great Isorthern,
Canadian Pacific and Union Pacific, all of
which terminate at Seattle. It also has
600 miles of local llues.
It is the center of the water traffic of
Puget Bound. Freight, touring and pas
senger steamers innumerable make Seat
tle their headquarters. It has several
lines of steamers and sailing vessels ply
ing between Seattle, San Francisco and
the California coast, three to Alaska, one
to South America, several to British Co
lumbia, and local lines reaching every
nook and corner of the 1800 miles of shore
of Puget Sound.
Its water and land facilities for handling
all kinds of business have made Seattle the
principal wholesale and jobbing point in
the State, and have given her all of the
following named institutions, as well as
the travel and trade incident thereto, viz. :
The State University, Circuit and District
Courts, United States Land Office, Custom
house, Local Inspectors Hulls and Boilers,
Weather Bureau and Signal Service,
Geological Survey, United States Engin
neers' Office, etc.
The city is in the midst of the greatest
lumber, coal, iron and mineral belts in the
world. The native wealth of this immedi
ate section is too great for the human
mind to comprehend. All sorts of indus
tries are found there, such as sash and
door factories, furniture factories, iron
works, car shops, flouring-mills, boiler
shops, ship and boat building, iijarine
ways, foundries, elevators, breweries.ware
houses, etc.
The city is the county seat of King
County, the greatest hop-producing county
in the West. It is the principal produce
market of the State, and ships great quan
tities to California, Hawaiian Islands,
China, Japan, South America, Africa and
England. It is also the principal supply
point for logging camps, mills, etc.
Seattle is a substantial and growing city,
the metropolis of the Northwest, and her
trade and business are in exact ratio to
her population. The city is situated on the
east shore of Puget Sound, on a strip of
hilly land which lies between Elliott or
Seattle Bay and Lake Washington. Lake
Washington is a fine, fresh-water lake of
great depth, about twenty-tive miles long,
with a superficial area of about thirty
nine square miles, lying parallel to the
Sound about two miles distant.
Seattle lacks but two things to round up
her commercial facilities: The one is level
land on which to build up her manu
factories and to transact her other heavy
business adjacent to deep-water wharfage,
and the other is a frebh-water harbor
where vessels and wharves would be
protected from the ravages of the teredo.
The area of low, level land adjacent to tne
harbor is very limited and Jies at the
base of the bluff on which the residence
part of the city is built. So narrow is this I
strip that the "business part of the city has
extended out over the water upon ex
pensive wharves, which are annually or
biennially destroyed by the teredo. The
city is thus hampered. Her business must
be done on this mere strip or on wharves
or raised to the hills, which is impractica
ble. More room on level ground is a posi
tive necessity.
The remedy is at hand. There extends
from the city, south, alar^e tract of level
land, called tide flats, overflowed ' with
each coming in of the tide. If this area of
tide flats had been dry land, lying as it
does contiguous to the heart of tne city,
the business center of Seattle would now
boon this land.
This land is now being filled in and re
claimed, and at the same time provision
is being made for one of the finest harbors
in the world. It will be pierced with two
main ship waterways, each 1000 feet wide,
connected with the Duwaniish River by
means of two canals, each" 300 feet wide.
These level lands will be connected with
Lake "Washington by a ship canal through
the highlands two miles long, and this
canal will be connected with the main
waterways by a canal waterway one mile
long.
The material dredged and dug from these
waterways and canals is being used to fill
in the tide lands. Seawalls and retaining
walls of the most substantial character
will be constructed. The contracts were let
by the State to the Seattle and Lake
Washington Waterway Company and by
that company to the Bowers Dredging
Company of Chicago, and they are now
moving 250,000 cubic yards of eartn
monthly. The estimated cost of the com
plete work is from six to seven million
dollars. This reclaimed land must neces
sarily become very valuable. The great
and rapidly growing business of this me
tropolis of the Northwest must go there, be
cause there is no otiier place for it to co.
The total area to be rilled in is 1525 acres.
The length of the hill section of the canal
is 10,225 feet and the deepest cut 308 feet.
The time allowed by the State for the com
pletion of the work is six years. The
present improvers on the districts now
being filled number among them some
of the best known and largest con
cerns of Seattle. The values of the lands
as set by the Board of Tide Lands Ap
praisers vary from $1000 per acre to $100
per acre. The higher priced lands are
those directly adjoining the present busi
ness portion of the city, and the lower
priced those at the extreme end of the fill.
The district at present being filled com
prises about forty-six and a half acres of
the most valuable tide lands, and the fill
ing has been in progress since August 1,
1895, although certain preliminary work,
such as pile-driving, etc., was started May
23, 1895. Notwithstanding a number of
serious delays, due to storms and acci
dents, the Bowers Dredging Company
has filled in and raised to two feet above
high tide about twelve acres, and inside of
three months sixteen acres additional
will have been filled. The depth of the
fill in some places is as great as twenty
two feet, but on an average the depth
of the fill is sixteen to eighteen feet. The
fill ia protected from the action of the
Sound by a brush and pile bulkhead.
The filled land is capable of sustaining
buildings of any dimensions and weight.
Too great importance cannot be attached
to this great work, and the benefits that
the city will derive from it need no com
ment.
The citizens of Seattle contributed $500,
--000 to the work, but St. Louis capitalists
are mainly financiering the enterprise.
There are no obstacles, either physical or
financial, in the way of a satisfactory com
pletion of the work, and when completed
Seattle will have one of the finest, if not
the finest harbor in the world.
Seattle is without doubt the most ad
vantageously located city on the Pacific
Coast to feel and profit by the opening up
of Alaskan resources. Her trade with that
country is rapidly increasing, and the
Chamber of Commerce is using its best
efforts to develop Alaskan trade. Several
shipping, express and transportation
companies have recently been organized
in Seattle, ah in the hands of experienced
and substantial men.
Two regular lines of steamers run from
Seattle to Alaska, besides a number of sail
ing vessels doing a jzood business in carry
ing passengers and freight to and from the
north.
There can be no doubt but that as trade
opens up both at home and abroad and in
the Orient, Seattle will step to the front
rank and will eventually be one of the
greatest shipping and commercial cities on
the Pacific Coast.
Assistant Secretary Seattle Chamber of
Commerce.
A SUNDAY SONG SERVICE
Sankey and Stebbins Attract
Large Congregations to
the Y. M. 0. A.
Rev. H. C. Minton Draws a Telling
Lesson From the Parable of
the Prodigal Son.
"Come, now, this is congregational sing
ing," said Ira D. Sankey, as he announced
the opening hymn at the song service for
men at the Y. M. C. A. auditorium yester
day afternoon. "I want you all to sing
now. After while Mr. Stebbins and I will
sing for you, but it is your turn now."
And then everybody sang. The audito
rium was packed to its tullest extent and
the big audience responded, but it didn't
suit Mr. Sankey. He divided and subdi
vided the audience. He had them sing in
rounds and line at a time until the spirit
of competition apparently inspired every
man in the congregation and the volume
of song swelled notably.
"Now we will have a good meeting," de
clared the great master of sacred song.
And the events of the afternoon made good
his word.
It was essentially an afternoon oi music.
Mr. and Mrs. Stebbins sang "Though My
Sins Be as Scarlet" in a manner well calcu
lated to bring tears to the eyes.
It is Mr. Stebbins' aim to express by his
singing the sentiment of the words more
than to produce the greatest amount of
melody, though he succeeds admirably in
both.
"Don't listen to the singing; try and
understand the beautiful trutd conveyed
in the bentiment of the song," he said
before singing, to music which he
has recently written, the old hymn, "I
Was Wandering Sad and \Veary." The
air which he has composed is soft and
plaintive, admirably suited to the tender
pathos of the song, and the hymn prom
ises to become in its new arrangement one
of the popular Sunday-school songs of the
day.
Of all Sankey's songs probably none has
attained the popularity of "The Ninety
and Nine," and when the great song
writer announced that he would accede
to numerous requests and sing it there
was a flutter of anticipation. Before tak
ing his seat at the organ he explained
the circumstances under which he wrote
the now famous hymn. It was written in
the highlands of Scotland when he felt
perplexed for a song that would reach the
hearts of tne shepherds of that region.
From the iirst it met with remarkable
favor and is now sung wherever the
Christian religion and English language
prevail.
Mr. Sankey's rendition of the hymn was
a revelation to those who have hitherto
heard it sung only by untrained congrega
tions.
Rev. H. C. Minton made a brief address
of welcome to the visiting evangelists and
of admonition to the young men. The
parable of the prodigal son, which he pro
nounced as one of the most striking pic
tures in the Bible, was his theme. "I
believe," he said, "'tbere is just enough of
the Bohemian in each of us to have con
siderable sympathy with the younger
DrotheT, and there is enoueh meanness in
most of us to give us some fellow-feeling
for the elder brother." In telling phrase
he applied the trials and characteristics of
the younger son to the enterprising but
foolish young man of the present day,
who, having reached the cigarette stage,
disdains the wisdom and the religion of
his father.
Mr. Sankey sang in conclusion "My Am
Countree."
In the evening the Y. M. C. A. audito
rium was again crowded to the doors. On
this occasion the service was for both men
and women, and in addition to the singing
Mr. Sankey made an address.
THE NEWS FROM
MARE ISLAND
The Monitor Monadnock
Is Preparing for Her
Departure.
A CREDIT TO THE YARD.
Encouraging Expressions From
the Secretary of the
Navy.
MAY BUILD MOKE WABSHIPS.
Work Still Slack on Account of Want
of Funds — Miscellaneous
Notes.
VALLE.TO, Cal., March B.— The monitor
Monadnocjc was hauled out from theauay
wall Saturday afternoon and is now lying
in the stream attached to one of the buoys,
and the first of the week her powder will
be sent aboard. The inspection board still
have her in their charge. For the la3t few
days lighters have been alongside, from
which quantities of coal have been trans
ferred to the bunkers. Stores of all Kinds
are snugiy stowed in the various rcoms set
apart for tneir reception. The day has not
yet been set for her departure from the
navy-yard, where for so many years she
has proved a boon to tbe mechanics; and,
while she ia virtually out of their hands,
they look with pride upon the culmination
of their handiwork.
Supervisor McGettigan has just returned
from Washington, and in a conversation
with the Secretary of the Navy, he was in
formed by that official that the yard hav
ing gained such a well-earned reputation
for completeness of work intrusted to his
representatives and the men employed,
he will do. all in his power to further its
interests, and that while the yard has had
much work in the past few years the out
look is good for an increased amount of
labor.
It is understood that a committee will
be sent on to Washington instructed to
assist our representatives and the Secre
tary in furthering the proposition of get
ting a cruiser or a battleship to build. If
this cannot be accomplished then a gun
boat will be desirable. Anything, how
ever, will be welcome to keep a force of
men employed. The ordering of all the
boats, spars, canvas outfits and furniture
of the two gunboats now under construc
tion at the Union Iron Works at San Fran
cisco will help along as this means an ex
penditure of upwards of sixty thousand
dollars in labor and material.
Tne boilers of the Swatara have been re
moved and hauled UDand ranged in posi
tion near the red barn, not far from the
steam engineering building where as soon
as funds are available they will be over
hauled and painted and afterwards, when
the time arrives for Ler repair will be
placed in the Mohican, the boilers in her
having been condemned as no longer fit
for service.
Work is getting very slack in that de
partment, owing to lack of funds, and ru
mors are in the air that unless something
unforeseen occurs a discharge of some
magnitude, not only in that but in the con
struction department, will take place in
the near future.
At the marine barracks the guard for the
battle-ship Oregon is being selected. Cap
tain 0. C. Berryman, U. S. M. C, will have
command of the marine guard on board.
This is the only officer that seems to be
settled upon as likely to go to her. She
will carry about sixty men in the guard.
A fine little wherry for the Monadnock
is under construction; the Mohican's
barge has been iitted for the naval reserves,
and all of the fine boats for the Co
manche have been sent to her. The moni
tor is nearly ready to be sent to San Fran
cisco for the reserves. She has been thor
oughly cleaned, and at a recent visit tohi.r
by some of the officers of this auxiliary
branch of the navy they expressed them
selves as pleased with her appearance.
Three general service men have been de
tailed to her to serve while under charge
of the reserves.
When the Monadnock reaches the City
of San Francisco and sounds her foghorn,
the good people need not be affrighted and
imagine that half a dozen of the water
front steam crafts are letting off steam for
fear of their boilers going up in air.
The Baltimore still remains high and
dry on the stocks in the granite dock. Vis
itors look with wonderment at her large
proportions, but in comparison with the
Orecon she cannot be compared in the
same breath; there is said to be such a
vast difference in their size. No attempt
has yet been made to enlarge the entra ace
to the dock, therefore, until this work has
been accomplished, when the Oregon re
quires docking— which by the rules of the'
department is every six months— it
have to be done at the Hunter's Point dry
dock. The expense of ihe same will reach
a good round sum to the Government, and
if the enlarging is to be none at all it
should be commenced without delay. If a
new dock is constructed there will be no
need of enlarging the present one, as out
side of the Oregon and Texas the entrance
is large enough for the rest of the ships in
the navy.
All of the flags at the yard and en board
the warships will have the unions altered
to correspond with the design approved by
the Secretary of the Navy, caused by the
admittance of Utah in the constellation of
States. Althousrh there are many flags at
the yard to be changed, it will not require
the services of additional flagmakers, as
was hoped for by a number of deserving
widows and others desirous of securing
employment at the yard. While the art
of flag-making is a simple one to master,
it is a strange ruling made by the Secre
tary of the Navy, as well as the Board of
Labor, that, although they carry the rat
ing of seamstress on the list of eligible
employes for labor, no person that has
registered as such can ever be employed
as flagrmaker, unless they have had expe
rience as such, and the consequence is that
they are debarred, even if there was work
of this class to perform. Outside of the
few flagmakers now employed, there are
eight or ten ladies registered as flagmak
ers, and an equal number of seamstresses,
and who will never b8 called for by the
board, therefore it is unwise for any others
to spend their time and money to come to
the yard and register their names in hopes
they will be employed to sew additional
stars in the flags now on hand at Mare
Island.
MAXWELL'S ULTIMATUM.
Junta Troubles in the Forty-Fonrth
Reach a Crisis.
The efforts of Chairman W. P. Sullivan
and Gavin McN'abof the Democratic Junta
to preserve the highest degree of harmony
ani to avoid any specific revelations of
the strength and attitude of the Kainey-
Daegett faction have not so far been par
ticularly successful.
The most important row attending the
recent election of a new general committee
has been the one in the Forty-fourth Dis
trict, where George Maxwell is at the head
of the itainey forces which control the
district. Last wees it was stated at Junta
headquarters that Maxwell had surren
dered to Chairman Sullivan's ultimatum
that Maxwell' could name but twelve of
the twenty-five delegates, iegardless of his
majority. This Maxwell denied, and at a
meeting of the Democratic Club of the dis
trict Saturday evening the Eainey forces
stood Dy their guns and gave Chairman
Sullivan an ultimatum expressed in the
following resolution:
Resolved, That we, the Democrats of the
Forty-fourth Assembly District, in meeting as
sembled, in order to restore harmony in the
ranks of the Democratic party, make the fol
lowing proposition :
That ail nominations and elections hereto
•fore held in said district for the office of gen
eral commiueemen, be by this club and
the primary committee ol the general commit
tee of the party declared off, and that a meet
ing of this club be held on. Monday evening,
March 9, 1896, and that new nominations be
made therefor. And that each of the two fac
tions in said district appoint two officers of
election and that an election be held on
Wednesday evening, March 11, 1896, at 8
o'clock, at"1527 Stockton street, and that every
enrolled voter in said cluo, and no others, be
allowed to vote, that their ballots be received
and counted at said place, and that the results
of said election be then and there announced
at tne close of the count, and that the twenty
five persons receiving the highest vote at said
election be declared elected, and that the club
declare the results of the same, and this shall
be final; be it further
Resolved, That an acceptance or rejection of
the above proposition be sent to this club on
or before Monday evening, March 9a at 8
o'clock, by Colonel William P. Sullivafti. the
chairman of the general committee, in waiting;
and if not received on or before said tiiie the
former action of this club will be considered
as final.
At this meeting 125 members of the club
were present. Should a new open election
be held in the manner described the Rainey
forces would have no trouble in carrying
the election. Further efforts at compro
mise will be made to-aay.
AT ALAMEDA POINT.
Good Shooting Done by Members of the
Empire Gun Club.
The first regular shoot of this year of
the Empire Gun Club took place at Ala
meda Point yesterday afternoon. The
weather was not perfect, but yet not bad
enough to materially interfere with shoot
ing. Nearly thirty members were present
and the scores all averaged fairly high.
Mr. Winning had the first shot of the
main match for twenty-five birds at un
known angles. He missed his shot, but
eventually piled up a score of 18. Pringle
and Trombone made the highest scores,
kill-ing twenty-one birds each. Following
is the score of all over 16: Pringle 21,
Trombone 21, Daniels 19, Burgans 19,
Johnson 19, Andrews 19, Winning 18,
Giass 17, Quinton 16, Ingalls 16.
The second event was a scrub match of
twenty birds at unknown angles. The
highest scores made in this were by Bur
gans and Zeiner, who got each sixteen
birds. Varney. Billington and Allen each
made scores of fifteen, and Fisher, Trom
bone, Quinlan and Johnson each killed
fourteen. There were eighteen shooters
in this match, the scoies of the others
running very low.
The best shooting of the day was done
in the second scrub match for twenty
birds. There were six shooters. Allen,
Trombone, Burgans and Smith each got
seventeen birds, and Taylor and Fredericks
each got fifteen.
Tne last event of the day was a match
for six pair of doubles. Zeiner made the
best score, getting ten out of a possible
twelve. Allen made nine, Trombone and
Burgans eight each, Taylor six and Fred
ericks five.
willWON THE HOUSE
BUT NOT THE MAN
Mrs. Dr. Titus and Her
Strange Breach of Prom
ise Charge.
PEDLINA'S FORMER WIFE
Real Estate Became Involved
in the Promise of
Remarriage.
THE SEQUEL TO A DIVORCE.
A Compromise Effected When the
Defendant Gave Up Land, House,
Wife and All.
A peculiar sort of a romance has been
brought to light by the suit of Mrs. Jose
phine Titus against James Pedlina for the
VMrs. .Josephine Titns, Who Recently Threatened to Sue Her Divorced Husband for
Beach of Promise, and to Whom the Pedlina Property Has Been Deeded.
[Reproduced from a photograph.)
recovery of land deeded to the latter under
promise of marriage.
Mrs. Titus was once the wife of Pedlina.
Sue became divorced, and it was on the
completion of recent arrangements for a
second marriasre that the property was
conveyed to the man.
James Pedlina is a restaurant-owner at
14 First street, near the Market-street cor
ner. About twenty-two years ago he and
Miss Josephine Rupli were married in this
City, and it is the bride of that time that
was plaintiff in the recent proceeding for
the recovery of the McAllister-street land.
Mr. and Mrs. Pedlina lived together about
fourteen years. One son was born, and
he, about 20 years of age, resides with his
mother.
Eight years ago, or about that, Mrs. Ped-
Jina became acquainted with Dr. Titus,
whose office was then in the Phelan build
ing. Not long afterward she obtained a
divorce from Pedlina and immediately
married Dr. Titus. The latter then gave
up his extensive practice in San Francisco
and removed with his bride to Arizona,
where he became general superintendent
of the State Asylum for the Insane. His
home was at Tucson.
The new life in Arizona did not entirely
pleasa Mrs. Titus, so she abandoned her
second husband and returned to this City.
From that time she earned her own living
as janitress of one of the public schools in
t;,e Mission, srpporting and educating her
Bon.
Sbe was never divorced from her second
husband, but Dr. Titus died a couple of
years ago.
After the death of Dr. Titus, Pedlina and
his former wife met and became reconciled,
and finally they agreed upon a remarriage.
Mrs. Titus owned a building lot on Mc-
Allister street, near Central avenue, and a
j>art of the marriage azreement was that
Pedlina should erect a house on that lot as
a home for tne family— Mr. Pedlina, Mrs.
Titus and their son.
To facilitate business matters Mrs. Titus
gave a deed of the building lot to Mr.
Pedlina and Mr. Pedlina faithfully carried
out the first part of his contract and erected
one of the prettiest little houses in that
part of the City.
But then came a hitch. Not the matri
monial hitch that had been marked down
in tiie family plan, but a disagreement be
tween Mr. Pedlina and his past and ex
pectant bride.
Mrs. Titus began suit for the recovery of
her real estate, alleging that Pedlina had
refused to carry out his promise of mar
riage, and that the only claim the man
had to the property was the one which he
had obtained by fraud. The case was to
have been brought up in the Superior
Court, but Mr. Pedlina avoided the public
rehearing of his matrimonial and real
estate transactions bjr an unconditional
surrender of the property.
The woman's lawyers were preparing to
have Pedlina arrested for fraud and to sue
him for $25,000 damages on the allegation
of breach of promise, when a compromise
was agreed upon. PedJina deeded back
the building lot, and with it he gave the
new house to his divorced ?} ie -
Further than that, he paid all the costs,
and Mrs. Titns has profited by the venture
to just the value of the new house. Bhe
and her son have moved into the place,
but the remarriage has been indefinitely
1 '°The°reaf estate in question is worth from
$5000 to $10,0 CO
Th. Kock Under the Church.
la the evening sermon Be?. William Bftdex,
of the Third Congregational Church preaching
on Peter said: "The church «i Christ stands on
life. Religion is life. This life is more ancient
than the Bible, and independent of Topes and
denominations. It is the basis of unity. There
is no difference in the life of the oak tree and
that of a maple, and there is no difference in
the real life of Catnolicism and Protestantism.
LueisA unity. God is ever calling the rock
out of Simon. This is the true ecclesia he
'called forth' from a life of sin into a lite of
righteousness. Peter stands for this type of
transformed humanity, and on this the church
rests."
BILL DYSON SHOT.
A Sunday Afternoon Row Between a
Colored Bootblack and a Clothing
Packer.
Bill Dyson, a colored bootblack with a
stand on Grant avenue, between Post and
Sutter streets, was shot last evening at 5
o'clock by Benjamin Franklin Woolfolk.
The affray was witnessed by Special Of
ficer Linville, who substantiates the story
of Woolfolk that he acted in self-defense.
The shooting was the outcome of a
trouble that began several months ago.
Woolfolk is employed as a packer by A. D.
Simpson, a clothing drummer living at
! 832 O'Farrell street. Woolfolk had let
, Dyson have a coat and vest, which Dyson
I refused to pay for. Dyson and Wooifo.lk
\ met yesterday, and after severe words Dy-
I son struck Woolfolk. and was in the act of
j following up the assault when Woolfolk
shot.
I Dyson ian, and Woolfolk followed, firing
twice more, when Dyson fell. Woolfolk
turned to run. Seeing Special Linville,
who was then turning in his 5 o'clock
alarm at the telltale clock in the pawnshop
■ near by, he ran to him and gave himself
i U P-
Special Linville knows both parties to
| the quarrel. Dyson, he says, is a big,
! quarrelsome fellow wlio boasts of his
: powers as a fighter, and has been frequently
i arrested because of them. Mr. Linville
says Woolfolk is quiet and orderly, and
ha§ never been in trouble before.
Tne wounded bootblack was hastily re
moved to the Receiving Hospital, where
lie was attended by Dr. Weil. The surgeon
found that the bullet entered the head
back of and above the right ear. Around
the wound the scalp was badly bruised,
probably by the fall. Under the circum
stances "it was decided not to attempt to
locate the leaden pellet, but to wait until
to-day to see what symptoms "develop.
The wound is regarded as very serious, but
not necessarily fatal. Tlie doctors forbade
the sufferer to excite himself by talking
about the affair.
SUE YING FEAST.
Wealthy Chinese Celebrate the Anni
versary of the Katabliflhrnent With
An Elaborate LSanquet.
Nothing was omitted to make the an
i nual feast of the Sue Vine Benevolent So
j ciety an event to be remembered long in
I Chinese circles. The resources of the Woy
Sin Low restaurant at 808 Dupont street
were taxed to the utmost to provide the
many wants of the aristocratic Asiatics
and tbeir Caucasian guests. Of the latter
there we.re but ten, who were seated at. a
separate table, over which If, M. Foote,
attorney for the Sue Ying Society, pre
i sided.
The menu began with champagne.
Champagne, rice brandy, China gin and
claret were served thereafter with each of
the sixteen courses. With the dessert,
however, tea of the most delicate flavor
was added. The menu consisted of :
Fish fins with chicken jelly, ham wita
picfcled eggs, birds' nests with -grated pheas
ant, boiled aufk with mandarin oranges,
steamed turtle, boiled abalone, broiled pigeon
with ginseng, boiled chicken stuffed with edible
moss, roast Chinese quail, imported fish, fried
fish ims, fish brains jelly, iried pht-asants,
fruits, almond soup, ice tream and lady fingers,
black coffee.
The members of the society were clad in
gorgeous full-dress and were accompanied
by many singing girls. One Hung, the
president of the order, made a speech of
welcome to the American guests, which
was responded to by Mr. Foote. Ong
Foon, the secretary, and Chu Gun, a mem
ber of the society who had come from
StocKton, also made well-worded speeches
which elicited great applause, and also an
address of thanks from Gordon Ross. An
orchestra with singing giris discoursed
sweet music during the evening.
THE PAINTERS' STRIKE.
Journeymen Ready to Walk Out When
Their Demands Are Refused.
All day yesterday the members of the
Painters' and Decorators' Union held side
walk meetings to discuss the strike that.
wiJl take place this morning against all
boss painters, who will decline to accede to
the terms of the journeymen for better
; pay, shorter hours and a recognition of
I the Building Trades Council working-card
i system. Among all there is a determina
j tion to stand by the union to the bitter
t end. If necessary they will take contracts
themselves in order to compel recognition
on the part of the bosses.
However, it is generally believed that
the strike will not be general, as the better I
class of master painters have already sig- j
nified their willingness to treat the men
fairly and prant what they demand.
With the men employed in shops with
such bosses there will be no strike.
The first question to be asked by the
men this morning will be: "Do you agree
to our terms or do you not?"
Where the reply is in the negative the
men will walk out and report at once to
the executive board of the union, which
will be at the Temple, at 117 Turk street, all
day. This board states that it will be
willing to confer with all master painters
who show a disposition to straighten out
the troubles caused by their refusal to ac
cede to the union's demands.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896,
FOR MEDALS AND RECORDS
Some Lively Contests for Prizes
at the Two Shooting
Ranges.
SCOEES AT SHELL MOUND.
H. Hellberg Wins the Beautiful Bulls
eye Trophy Presented by
Captain Siebs.
The Shell Mound rifle range was liber
ally patronized yesterday by marksmen of
The Gold Medal Presented by Captain
Siebe and Won by 11. Hell berg on
the Three Best Centers.
all orders. The day was pleasant and
there was just enough wind to carry off
the smoke. At times the light was poor
and varying, owir\g to the occasional pres
ence of clouds in the sky. Nearly every
shooting-stand was occupied all day, and
the shooting continued as long as there
was light enough to see the targets.
The Columbia Pistol ana Rifle Club's
members were out in full force for their
semi-monthly shoot for records, medals
and cash prizes. A number of tine scores
were made on the club's new target. A.
Strecker brofce the 200-yard three-shot
ritie record of the club by making a 7, con
sisting of al, 2 and 4. This shows that he
bunched his three shots all inside of the
three-inch circle.
On the 50-yard pistol range a large
amount of ammunition was consumed.
C. ML Daiss, who stands at the head of the
list of pistol shots, made another record
for himself by securing 6 points in three
shots on the Biandinsr pistol medal record.
J. E. Gorman, whose picture in his char
acteristic position appears in this column,
did some excellent shooting and his best
was a 9. Mr. Gorman is the assistant sec
retary of t!;e club and is among the best
all-round shots. His favorites, however,
are the pistol and revolver. With the lat
ter weapon he has made on the Blunt tar
get 96 out of a possible 100 and 432 out of a
possible 500. He possesses a first-class
medal and has held the 50-shot pistol dia
mond medal.
Following are the scores made on the 50
--yard pistol range:
Champion class, 10 shots— C. M. Daisg 51, Ed
Hovey 58, F. O. Young KO, .1. E. Gor.nan 60.
First-class, 10 shots— Dr. L. O. Rodgers4s, D.
W. McLaughlin 53, F. Baumgartner 62, M. J.
White 63. P. Bohr 96.
Second-class, 10 shots— G. M. Barley 71, E.
J. E. Gorman, Assistant Secretary of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, in His
Position Before the Targets.
[Brawn from a photograph.]
Jacobson 73, W. Unfred 127, L. Zimmerman
130, W. E. Lawrence 137, M. A. Callinan IHO.
Blanding pistol medal, open to allcomers,
3 shots— C. M. Dniss 6, J. E. Gorman 9, Dr. L.
O. Rodgers 14', E. Jacobson 16, F. O. Young 16,
F. Baumgartner 19.
Revolver, Carr medal, 5 shots— M. J. White
38 and 42.
All comers, 22-caliber rifle — E. J. Jacobson
12, M. A. Calliuan 29, W. Unfred 37.
The following scores were made on the
rifle range:
Unfred diamond medal, three shots —A.
Strecker 7, D. W. McLaughlin 10, Dr. Rodgers
12, F. O. Young 13.
Military rifle, Glindermann medal — F. O.
Young 45.
Rifle record, medal— A. Gehret 74, A. H.
Pape 75, A. B. Darrell 93.
Champion class, for members only, sixteen
shots— D. W. McLaughlin 52, Dr. Kodgers 61,
F. O. Young 70, A. H\ Pape 76, P. Bohr 89.
First class, ten shots— A. Fetz tiff, H. R.
Crane 79, H. Hellberg 82, A. Gehret 87, F.
Baumgartnor 107.
Second clasp, ten shots— O. A. Bremer 78. F.
E. Masoii 82, J. E. Gorman 87. C. Barley 95,
M. J. White 116, M. C. C»llinan 136.
Yesterday was an interesting day for
the Jiord Deutscher Club's sharpshooters,
for upon the results of the shoot depended
the possession of the beautiful gold medal
presented by Captain L. Kiebe, proprietor
of the range. The conditions were that
the medal should go to the marksman
making the three best centers in twelve
bull's-eye shoots. The contest centered
down to H. Hellberg and A. Mocker. It
so happened that the day's score did not
affect the results previously attained by
either and Hellberg won the medal by
3-1000 of an inch. "I be med*l ia a very
artistic piece of workmanship, as seen by
the accompanying picture. The other
prize winners were as follows:
First, D. Yon der Mehden, 229 points; sec
ond, G. Alpers, 305; third. L. Bune, 432:
fourth, John Thode, 574; hfth, H. H. Burr
feind, 032; sixth, A. Mocker, 695; seventh,
O. Luncke, 724; eighth, F. Schuster, 807;
ninth, J.Geff kin, 915; tenth, G. a. Hagedorn,
1093; eleventh, K. Ipsen, 1217; twelfth, J.
Lankenau, 1220.
Several other sharpshooters' clubs and
military teams were on the range and
their records were as follows:
Germajiia Schuetzen Club monthly medal
contest— Champion class,' D. B. Faktor 423
rings; first class, G. Alpers4O9; third class, H.
J. Wicker 433; fourth class, U. K. Rust 346; first
best shot, H. J. Wicker 24; last best shot, J.
De Witt 24.
San Francisco Schuefzen Verein monthly
medal shoot— Champion class, William GHnd
ermann 441 rings; first class, D. B. Faktor
422; third class, H. Hellberjr 414; fourth class,
G. A. Hagedorn 303; first best shot, William
Glindermaiin 24; last best shot, G. A. Hage
aorn 25.
Companies C and G, monthly medal shoot —
J. Norton 42, 11 . J. Musgrave 40, W. T. Unfred
30. ('. E. Goo<lell 43, W. Menzel 39, C. G. Lar
son 42, M. A. Froment 20, V. F. Northrup 40,
T. MeGilvrey 40, A. E.Anderson 45, C. Meyer
44, G. W. Slmmie 37, J. Irvine 17, F. Lamcke
12, J. Rowe 18, J. R. Barricklo 43, TV E. Carson
37, P. Nunan 39, I. A. Larson 37, Povey 38,
W. Fenn 48, A. R. Vaughan 42, F. Sherman
29, F. Carson 38. W. N. Swasey 34, D. A. Con
roy 30, C. Xewball 30. V. R. Berry 37, W. B.
Larkins43, J. EL McKnight33, R. A. Holcombe
41, L. O. Jaques 39, J. Christie 38, A. 11. Ken
nedy 39, J. Switzer 26, W. W. Thompson 42,
8. L. Holt 31, J. Dumbrell 42, J. Gillis 34, C. E.
Macy 41, R. J. Dowdall 37, E. (;. Arnold 20,
H. A. P. Bohr 37, P. D. Butt 32, C. E. Thomp
son 32, F. W. McKenzie 19, C. F. Wal'ham 42,
Butler 21, J. Smlthson 42, W. Williams 32, E.
C. Sutliffe-43.
Independent Rifles monthly medal shoot—
11. Staude 31, E. Morning 20, j. H. Kuhlke 30,
J. 11. Lindecker 10, F. T. Bond 21, Lieutenant
11. Beversen 20, J. Staude Jr. 30, R M. Zei
sing 40.
Company M of the First practice— Lieutenant
Hogan 40, Sergeant Rivers 39/ Sergeant Colby
38, Corporal Btrotb 43, Corporal Maher 38,
Corporal Chusteach 40, Private Ayhens 29,
W. Buhlincer 24, (i. Buhliiißer 32, W. Murphy
33, Murry 27, Eisan 30, Xutter 31.
COMPANIES D AND E.
Rivalry of National Guardsmen at
Schuetzen Park.
Company D of the Fifth Regiment, sta
tioned at San Rafael, occupied places at
the range at Scnuetzen Park yesterday,
and with Company E of the First,
from this City, tried their luck at the wet
pasteboard, with the following result:
Company D's score— J. Dawson 47, T. S.
Archer 42, K. P. Mnrch 41. .1. Begley 40, "M.
Hoff 40, J. Riolly 39, W. Butterworth 38, S.
Smith 37, 1). MeCamish 36.
Company E's score— Lieutenant Robert
son 43. Captain Fitzpatrick 42, Joseph
Ralph 30, R. Bishop 3!>, W. Kilpatrick 38,
M. Delany 36, Serjeant Howard 35, Joseph
Cardiff 36, A. Shay 29.
This list comprised those of the first
class and for the second class company
medal. S. Solomon scored 37, followed by
J. Mullen with 3U, M. Dwyer 32 and K.
Wehser 32.
There is an active rivalry between these
two companies of the National Guard for
the shooting honors of 189<i.
SUNDAY COURSING.
Results of Two Old Dog Stakes De
cided at Ocean View Park
Yesterday.
An unusually large number of coursing
men assembled at Ocean View Coursing
Park yesterday to witness the running of
the twenty-four dog stake that was on the
card, and some tine sport was witnessed
by all present.
Old reliable Mission Boy succeeded in
winning the main stake, after a run with
Nellie C in which the points were nearly
equal.
The speculators made a heavy day of it
through the frequent winnings of short
enders. Toward the close, however, the
talent succeeded in sizing up the true form
of the dogs and the favorites took nearly
all of the last runs.
The hares were in fine condition and in
many instances showed the way across the
field and into the escapes. Following is
the result of the run-down:
G. White's Tippler beat J. Tracy's Soudan,
G. Parkinson's .Starlight bent D. Chilla's Santa
Claus, Villa kennel's Shamrock a bye, T. Wal
ton's Boboliuk beat J. Rock's Victor, C. Evans'
Mascot bear J. Baxter's Captain Jim, W. Mur
phy's Lord Clifton beat Olmo's Dairymaid, .7.
Sexsmith's Mission Boy beat J. Baxter's
Yankee Doodle, E. Shorislasrjj's Happy Day
beat W. Trade's Lucky Dog, I. Mullarky's Ore
gon Boy beat D. O'Brien's Wildmoor, W. Ram
sel's Nellie C beat E. Craven's Levina C, G.
Durfiend's Tricks beat C. Evans' Dashaway,
C. (hooper's California Violet beat M. O'Hare's
Midget. .
First ties— Starlight beat Tippler, Bobolink
beat Shamrock, Lord Clifton beat Mascot, Mis
sion Boy beat Happy Day, Nellie C beat Oregon
Boy. California Violet beat Tricks.
Second ties— Bobolink beat Startight, Mission
Boy beat Lord Clifton, Nellie C beat California
Violet.
Third ties— Mission Boy beat Bobolink, Nel
lie C a bye.
Final-Mission Boy beat Nellie C.
A consolation stake with twelvef entries
was then run, Happy Day showing his
quality by winning hands down.
Following Is the result of the rundown:
Mascot beat Bowery Boy, Happy Day beat
Tommy Hall, Evening Star beat Coomassie,
Handspring beat Yankee Doodle. Annie Daly
beat Victor, Tricks beat Wiidmoor.
First ties— Happy Day beat Mascot. Evening
Star beat Handspring, Annie Daly beat Tricks.
Second ties— Happy Day beat Evening Star,
Annie Daly a bye.
Final— Happy Day beat Annie Daly.
On Sunday next a thirty-two dog stake
at $1 entrance, to which the management
will add $25. will be run. The finish will
take place on St. Patrick's day, when a
consolation stake will also be run.
A little Italian girl in New York, 4 years
old, died recently of " blood poisoning,
caused by green thread which was put into
her ears after they were pierced.
THE FRENCH HOSPITAL
Privileges Have Been Extended
to Physicians of All
Nationalities.
DR. VOISARD TO BE RETIRED.
•Interesting Meeting of the Societe
Francaise de Bienfaisance at
Union-Square Hall.
The members in good standing of the
Societe Francaise de Bienfaisance Mu
tuelle met to the number of about three
hundred yesterday afternoon in Union
Square Hall. V. Gardet presided, and by
his side sat Vice-President J. M. Dupas.
R. Lavigne officiated as secretary, and
the trio were backed by half a score of
Frenchmen connected directly or other
wise with the society.
It was a well-understood proposition
that the meeting was called only for the
purpose of hearing suggestions which,
when seconded, would be presented at the
next general assembly of meraber3, to be
held in a week or two. This plan of pro
cedure was adopted to overcome the usual
and. unnecessary debates which have oc
curred year after year in the assembly.
Chairman Gardet announced that only
propositions pertinent to revising the by
laws as to the management of the society
would be heard, and when seconded would
be placed on tile for presentation to the
general assembly. This announcement
had f-carcely the desired effect, however,
and the chairman used a bell such as one
hears where auctions are being held.
M. Bergerot, one of the leading spir
its in the society, cailed the attention of
those present to that clause in the by-laws
requiring physicians employed at the
French Hospital to hold diplomas from
French colleges. He believed that this
one clause aid more harm than anything
else to the institution, as it antagonized
the American and other foreign elements,
and lie desired it amended. After much
discussion it was decided to recommend to
the general assembly that the by-laws
read to the effect that all physicians grad
uated since 1892, from any legitimate col
lege in the United States, be accepted as
applicants. He explained that the limita
tion was made simply because prior to
1892 grauuates were only requirsd to take
a course of study of three years, but that
since tnat date four years of study was re
quired.
There being a second to this amendment
it will have to come up before the general
assembly, but it is quite likely it will be
fought stoutly.
The otuer important recommendation
to be made will be that no employes of the
hospital will be appointed or retained who
are related in any degree to a member of
the committee.
The retirement of Resident Physician
X. F. Voisard, formerly of the Pacific Mail
Company, now superintendent of the hos
pital, will be recommended.
Incidentally, but in no way pertinent to
the meeting, a member created quite a
cyclone of words when he demanded to
know how the society stood in respect to
the $100,000 borrowed by the society nearly
two years ago.
The outcome of the crossfire was to
elicit the information that at the time the
money was net-del a syndicate of French
men advanced it on 1% per cent interest.
While this appeared excessive, it was war
ranted by the stringency of the money
market. Since then, however, money has
become easier and there is a desire to pay
ud the mortgage with other money bor
rowed at a lesser cost. But it so happens
that when the patriotic Frenchmen came
to the rescue of the society they formed a
corporation called I' Union 'Francaise.
They agreed that they would hold the
stock they received for their subscription,
or, in other words, that they would pool
their stock. Now, when the time has ar
rived to do business by selling out, a num
ber of stockholders are in Europe and the
absence of one, according to their agree
ment, invalidates any action taken by the
others. Said one of the members:
"This leaves the society in a position
where it is forced to keep on paying 7%
per cent interest ad innniturn, or until all
the bondholders can get here in person or
proxy. But, woxse still, nearly all the
leading members of the Union Francaise
are in authority in tlie Societe Francaise
de Bienfaisance Mutuelle.
"In a moment of patriotism they, as
members of the one society, loaned their
money at 1% per cent interest to them
selves as members of another society, and
now that money is easier and they need
not pay such high interest, they cannot
see a way to pay themselves the original
$100,000 and wipe out the mortgage by an
other which will call for less interest, all
because of that pooling clause which re
quires the sanction of all the members."
This subject brought many fiery speak
ers to the ricor of the meeting yesterday,
but the situation remains the same, to be
taken up at the general assembly.
The nominations for members of the
general committee were as follows: Syi
vain WeilJ, Ortin, Dtschamps, Bergerot,
N. Loupy, A. Froment, Bocqueraz, O.
Bozio. J. Desbarrats, Dupas, A. Gous
tiaux, F. Fajrothy, J- Juhen, Pouyal, P.
Games, J. Falk. Carraine, J. B. Lacaze, A.
Aron, J. Vasseiin.
FOUR WEEKS OF PRAYER.
Thousands Attend the Opening of
the Mission at St. Patrick's
Church.
Father O'Shea Reviews the Work of
the Church in Christianizing
the World.
The Redemptorist Fathers began a mis
sion at St. Patrick's Church on Mission
street yesterday. It will continue for four
weeks. Services will be conducted in the
morning and evening of each day.
There was not standing room in the
historical old edifice over winch the vener
able Father Grey presides at the high mass
at 10:30 o'clock yesterday morning. It
was an impressive ceremony. The sermon
was preached by the Rev. Father O'Shea.
The last mission given by the Redempt
orißts in St. Patrick's Church was ten
years aeo. At that time it was attended
by 10,C00 adults and 3000 children.
Father O'Shea preached on "Th? Neces
sity and Utility of Missions." "The con
version of the world must be attributed,"
said the preacher, "to the missions given
by our Lord, his apostles and their suc
cessors. No nation has yet been converted
from barbarism, paganism or infidelity to
the true knowledge and worship of God
except by the missionaries of the Catholic
church. St. Peter unfurled the banner of
Christianity in Rome, St. James in Spain,
St. Paul and the other apostles tnrough
the Roman world. St. Remigius planted
the faith in Gaul, St. Patrick in Ireland,
St. Augustine in England, St. Boniface in
Germany, St. Francis Xavier in the Indias,
and we know that the missionaries who
accompanied Columbus 403 years ago es
tablished the fajtn in America.
"As the faith had been established and
propagated by the preaching o.f the apos
tles and missionaries of the Catholic
church, so when there was evidence of de
cay it was revived again by the self-same
preaching of the eternal truths which are
stamped deeply in the minds of those who
believe the eternal truth of God.
"The spirit of tiie age is a thirst for
knowledge. In this very time the most
wonderful discoveries and inventions have
taken place. In the dail* press we read of
most striking and wonderful discoveries
and inventions, especially in that mysteri
ous uower of electricity, which, however,
seems to be only in its infancy.
"Man thirsts for a knowledge of all the
arts and sciences, but this will avail little
unless united with a knowledge of God.
These are two great powers. They are well
understood by the Catholic church, whose
children have becu the most illustrious
scientists and saints that have honored the
name of men. Such as St. Augustine, St.
Dominic and Columbus, men remarkable
for their highly cultivated minds and pure
hearts.
"Perhaps there is no nation to-day
which is making such advances in tne
study of arts and sciences as America.
The people likewise are most anxious to
learn the true knowledge of God, for there
is deeply imbedded in the American Heart
the grand idea— the most sublime of all —
of a divine and eternal being, the creator
ana ruler of the world.
"Man knows full well that apart from
God he can never be perfectly happy, as
we learn from the example of one of the
greatest and wisest of men, King Solo
mon, who in the midst of his limitless
wealth and great knowledge discovered
nothing but vanity of vanities. Man's
heart then, being made by God, must soar
toward God, and find its'happiness in the
possession of a supreme and infinite good
which i 3 God alone. Those who visited
the "World's Fair at Chicago were able to
acquire by the careful study of the world's
wonders which were displayed theie an
amount of knowledge which they cuuld
not otherwise acquire in the same time
and at the same expense in any other part
of the world. Yet their natures were not
satisfied- with wliat they saw. There was
a loneing to see other and more entranc
ing worlds. Hence we learn that the very
soul of man can never be perfectly satis
fied until God withdraws the veil from be
fore our vision."
Father O'Shea closed by urging all to
attend the mission.
MARSICK'S LAST CONCERT
A Small but Select Audience
Made Enthusiastic at the
Baldwin.
The Violinist Plays With His Usual
Refinement and Deli
cacy.
There was a marked increase in the en
thusiasm bestowed upon Marsick at his
farewell concert last night, though the
audience was small. When he first
played here Paderewski's popularity made
the violinist suffer a partial eclipse, and
at Marsick's second recital the applause
was hearty, but not enthusiastic. Last
night, however, the audience at the Bald
win Theater grew positively demon
strative, people ventured upon cries of
"Bravo!" and in the concertos the orches
tral portions Of the performance were fre
quently rendered inaudible by applause.
Marsick is certainly a player whose art
grows more and more upon the hearer.
The purity of his tone, his smoothness and,
above all, his complete refinement, com
pel admiration the more one hears them.
Marsick has no strong dramatic person
ality, no vigor and breadth to startle his
hearers into enthusiasm, and he descends
to no chicanery to trick them into applaud
ing, but his refinement and perfect smooth
ness, although qualities thet do not dazzle
the multitude, are a splendid equipment
for winning admiration in the Jong run
from those who think more of art than of
sensationalism.
In the allegro moderato of the Yieux
temps Grand Concerto Marsick did some
of his smoothest and most, polished work
last night, though the Mendelssohn con
certo was delightfully played and the
SSaint-Saens "Kondo Capriccioso" was a
gem of finish and delicacy. Very different
was his- interpretation of the Mendelssohn
concerto from Ysaye's. The latter was
broad, majestic tone-painting, while Mar
sick's way of laying on the tone colors, if
the expression is allowable, was like a
miniature, not large in conception . but
exquisitely finished as to detail.
In response to very enthusiastic encores
Marsick played to his three numbers the
following encores respectively : "Serenade"
by G. Pieone, "Czardas" by Hubay, and
a "Gipsy Dance" by Sara«ate.
The orchestra, conducted by August
Hinrichs, did much in the concertos that
on the whole was satisfactory. Mr. Hin
richs' forte is not, perhaps, concertos, as
he is too apt to go ahead with the relent
iessness of a metronome, but it was only
in the tinal movement of the Mendelssohn
number that this peculiarity seemed to
hamper Marsick.
In the Saint-Saens rondo the strings
were not in tune in places, but on the
whole tneorchestra did well. Itwas seldom
too loud, which is saying a good deal when
one considers the delicacy of Marsick's
playing. The orchestra received an encore,
and its other numbers, particularly Gade's
overture, were warmly applauded.
The vocalist, Airs. Ernest H. Palmer,
has not much voice, and what she does
possess she has an unfortunate habit of
producing as if singing through .a tube.
Particularly at the end of her "Samson
and Dahla" area she was considerably out
of tune, but Mrs. Palmer received encores
to both her songs, which shows that there
were people who enjoyed her singing.
Mrs. J. N. Hinrichs accompanied the en
cores very sympathetically.
NEW TO-DAT.
RHEUMATISM,
Sciatica, Lumbago, Lame Back
and all pains and aches are
. traced to their source and;
driven from the body by ■
Thereinsrbe bay S"apV\"
/ ww l» t v mti nnnlf-
cheappr Belts, 3s^S.- Bnc •to Re*
• - . - • i^s'tjC : store Health ■
but - there are jJ » ■*3 : sf you don't!
none ; as good. '%''*&)!*&' -want a toy.
WHATEVER THE CAUSE, OR WHEREVER
it lies, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will i fol-
low the course of rheumatic pains and find the
seat of the trouble. Then it will drive it out of
the ; body for good. Electricity, in its subtle
way,' strengthens' circulation, adds to 'the
vital force and removes the cause of all pains
and aches from the body. ; Dr. Sanden's Belt is
the most perfect means of applying it. .
DB. BANI>EN'S BHLT CURED HIM.
V. "I have suffered from lumbago and , sciatica' for
thirty years. v I have tiioa m?ny remedies without
avail, and have been laid up at, different times with
my trouble. After all ; else failed I got Dr. ban-
deu's | Electric - Belt ■ two I months ago . and -it has
cured me," writes Hujtn Fraser. ex-Koyal Deputy
Scottish Clans of California, 2063 Kncinal avenue,
Alameda, Cal. ' ' ; : . '..",. '' '.
'-. Buch : letters mean a great deal to' a sufferer
undecided as to where .to look ; for aid. ! t They
mean that others have been cured. U Why, not
you? ; Get the Dook, "Three Classes , of Men."
It has hundieds of them and lull information.
SANDEN ELECTRIC COMPANY,
; 630 : Market • Street, San Francisco, :
Opposite I'alace Hotel. ' Office 'hours; H -a. v. to
8:30 P. M.; Sundays, to 1. : v
:.-;7:,x;:'---.:- ; -v-' OFFICES AT: ■■ '>■■'■ ' '■
I,OS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR., .
201 SoutU Broadway. | 253 Washington street.
I MAKE MAN.
MANHOOD jj^*||s^^L nightstopped
quickly. Over 2000 private endorsements. .
Prematureness means impotency in the first
j stage. It is a symptom 01 seminal weakness
1 and barrenness. • It can be stopped in 20 days
by the use of Hudyan. .
The new discovery was made by the Special-
ists of the old famous Hudson Medical Insti«
tute. It is the strongest vitalizer maile. It li
very powerful, but harmless. Learn the grand
! truth of health, make yourself a man again by
] using the Californian remedy. You can only
get it from the Hudson Medical Institute.
Write for free circulars, Send for testimonial*
ani circulars free. '■; ■"• ;',;*;^-\ .
HUOSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. J-h'"::
<v fl#s fai l Oq
DOCTOR SWE ANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
QUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL : CHRO.XIO
O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liv.er and . bowels ; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, pile 1
varicocele, bydrocele and- swelling of .the gland i.
.Loss or partial loss of sexual power In either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,-
bashfulness. failing memory and ail the distress-
Ing i!ls resulting from nervous debility positively
an permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Sypa-
UiB, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles if living away from tt»
city and advice will be given you free of charge. .
-Address ' F. L. SWKAN Y. M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office).
San Francisco, CaL
<S«^v The
Wmk Weakest
\Pjf Point '
• ™ X 40
DOES NOT EXIST.
MEN'S. $85.
LADIES', 375 and $85.
'•;-■.■■ Catalogue free. .' Agents wanted.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
J.S.CONWELL, Manager,
18 and 20 McAllister St., S. F. .
• " g ""' a * n " a *' >a>aa< 'SMß^ > iiu
< 1 SPEED .
! ! —^° ou ant^^PwnJnfflfSrS
1 1 more in a bicycle? 1 1
(> T is more in the ■ .: n .
|: Monarch ■££&!; ■:
I(' ■■ 4 models. $80 and SIOO. folly' gaarant«f For ( I
|| chiMrtn and mdults who want a lower price wheel { )
I j the Defiance i» made in Bmo,lels. HO, $60,|60, $75. t |
I (.-■• Send for Monarch book. • X
,; ;= , > MONARCH CYCLE MFG. CO., V§ V:
'( ) S and a Front St.. Son Kranoiitco. Z
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
01"
TEACH ERS !
San Fban-cisco, March 3, 1896.
The regular semt-annual. examination of appli-
cants for teachers' certificates (Hiprh School, Gram-
mar and Primary grades ami special certificates)
.will commence at the, Normal School buildiu?, \r
Powell street, near Clay, on FKIDAY, March 13,
1896, at 3 o'clock p. m. .Applicants who wish to '■
pass an examination for High School certificates
or special certlncau a w4ll send notice to tnU office .
on or before March 6th: ••"•"•
in compliance with the State School law each "
applicant must pay an examination fee of 82 in
advance." Applicants who intend taking the ex-
amination must register prior to the commence- -
mentpf the same, as no fees will' be received on
that date. . '
H Applicants for Primary Grade certificates will be : :
required Ito .pass .upon- the following subjects: .
Arithmetic, p Grammar, Geography,' Composition,'
History of the United State 3. Orthography, and •-•■
Defining, Penmanship, Reading, Methods of Teach-
ing, School Law, Industrial Drawing. I'hysiologv,
Civil Government, Elementary ; bookkeeping and ,
Vocal Music. I Applicants for Grammar Grade cer- -
tificates, in addition to passing on the above stud-
if s, must also pass on Algebra, Jt'hysics, "Pedagog- :
ics, Geometry, General History and Literature.
M. BABCOCK,
■ . . Superintendent of Common Schools, : :
Gkorgk Beaxston; Secretary. . : ■ ■ r .
OPPRESSION, : CURED DV
SUFFOCATION, UUHIU Dl
NEURALGIA, Etc., VMIIMi Ml
ESPIC'S :, CIG AKKXXKS, OK POWDER,
Paris, J.ESPIC: New York, E. FOUGBKA ':<
; -4t CO. ■ Sold by aU Druggists.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRID<JE,
1 • Editor and Proprietor.
SLBSCRIPTION RATES-Posta^e Free
pally and Sunday Cam,, orio week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cali, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Esbday Cam., one year, by ma 11........ 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by ma 11..... •% 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICB t
10 Market Street, •;
San Francisco, ' California. ";. -V
. reJephone....... MaJn-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS
517 Clay Street.
reJepnena. lCaln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES
630 Montgomery street, corner Clayj open until ;
0:SO o'clock. •
839 Hayes street; open nnti! 9:30 o'clock.
713 Bruin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
on til 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open untn 9 o'clock. •
116 Mmhfireet; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB t
908 Broadway. • .
EASTERN : OFFICB .
Eooms SI ftn.l 82, S4 Park Row, New TOT* City.
PAVID M. rOLTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY.. MARCH 9, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
In the vocabulary of Abyssinia there is
no such phrase as a drawn battle.
It is getting to be so that an agitation In
any part of the world produces a crisis in
Enrope.
Now that Paderewski has gone lots of
people will admit that his music is an
acquired taste.
Against oriental competition we need the
sword of bimetallism as well as the shield
of protection.
There is now said to be a "moonshine
trust,' 1 and even illicit whisky has lost its
independent spirit.
The coming Republican victory casts a
radiance before that brightens every pros
pect of trade and industry.
We shall soon know whether Olney is
capable of a really vigorous foreign policy
or only of diplomatic hyperbole.
It is plain to be seen the endless chain
will never end until it drags the Cleveland
administration clear through to perdition.
There is a growing belief that in England
itself the next political campaign will be
very largely a contest for protection and
bimetallism.
The revival of things has now got far
enough along for a rumor to spring up in
the East that Mrs. Frank Leslie intends to
marry again.
If the report is true that the Rothschilds
paid $165,000 for a clock made by Louis
XVI the royalty on such things must be
unusually large.
It is said that Cleveland is supporting
Carlisle for the Presidential nomination,
but it looks more like trying to force him
into a slaughter-bouse.
Judging from recent occurrence! in
Abyssinia, Cuba, Tranßvaal and Formosa
■we have reached an age of the world when
liberty wins a victory at every lick.
The New York Chamber of Commerce
declares the silver issue is dead, but the
Manufacturers' Club of Philadelphia
knows better and has joined the silver pro
cession.
If Andrew D. White is correct In saying
"talk of war is a reversion to barbarism"
the work! is in error, for the general belief
has been that war is barbarism and the
talk is civilization.
Kentucky failed to repeal the Southern
Pacific charter, but there is still hope that
she will have virtue enough to elect a good
Republican anti-funding bill Senator be
fore the sun sets to-day.
It is reported in New Yore that a sack of
$300,000 has been sent to Albany to defeat
an excise bill and fortunately nothing of
that kind can happen in California. We
have no Legislature in session.
It is time for Senator Cullom's friends to
remember ihat, even if he does bear a close
resemblance to Lincoln, there is no in
stance on record of a man petting into the
Presidency who travels on his face.
From the way the Eastern press writes
of the proposed visit of Li Hung Chang, it
is probable that when the famous heathen
gets through with the reception await ing
him in that section he will scorn a single
peacock feather and demand the whole
tail.
As a majority of the Senators are in
faTor of silver coinage, Boston has raised
the question whether it would not be jnst
as well to abolish the Senate, but some
day the Senators will vote according to
Massachusetts ideas and then Boston will
put the question by.
It is said the Cuban debentures issued
by the Spanish Government are held by
foreign capitalists, and they are helping
Spain to conquer the island, in order to
save the money invested, and thus once
more do tbe vested rights of gold interfere
with the liberties of men.
Payments through clearing-houses in
dicate a volume of current business about
2o per cent less than in 1893, and it is be
coming more and more evident we shall
not regain the full measure of Republican
prosperity until we have restored the Re-
publican sj'siem of protection.
It is said that since his imprisonment
John G. McKane, the noted contractor and
political boss of Brooklyn, has saved the
Mate of New York $17,000 by supervising the
erection of prison buildings, and the ques
tion arises whether he should be liberated
for his services or other contractors im
prisoned for the public benefit.
A scheme has been started in the East
to erect in New York City a building to
s.rve as National headquarters for the
Republican party, the plan being to make
the structure a notable one at a cost of
about $-5,000,000. Enthusiasm for the pro
ject is at white heat in New York and
tapers off gradually to a black frost in
Chicago.
The dispute between France and Brazil
on the dividing line between the latter
c untry and French Guiana has a curious
origin. The line was fixed by the treaty of
Utrecht in 1713, and was declared to follow
thel'Tivcr of Vincinte Pizon. " No such
river is now known to map-makers, and
there is no evidence what stream was
meant when the treaty was made. Hence
the diplomats have a hard job in settling
the question.
CALL THE COMMITTEE.
That the Republican State Central Com
i mittee should be reassembled without loss
j of time has become a settled conviction.
Its work has not been finished. The pre
liminary steps of the coming campaign
must be taken with a certainty that shall
j breed confidence.
From all over the State come expres
sions calling for the reconvening of the
| committee and the completion of its im
perfected work.
The vacancy caused by the death of Mr.
Boruck is in itself reason sufficient fcr
the calling of the committee together and
the election of a member to the vacant
chair.
Thero are, however, many reasons not
necessary to be enumerated why the com
mittee should be convened and tho lines
for the preliminary steps In the campaign
straightened and doubt dispelled.
To take the first step properly only
means to make greater the victory that is
already certain. Call the committee.
PROTECTING THE LAND.
J. A. Ed man presents in the Mining and
Scientific Press an able exposition of the
railroad land grant and the disastrous
effect on public interests which the fund
ing of the Central Pacific debt would have.
This phase of the funding fight has not
hitherto received the attention which its
importance deserves. As Mr. Edman
shows, an extension to fifty or a hundred
years of the time for raying the debt
would strike a very serious blow to the
raining and agricultural interests ol Cali
fornia.
Of the 18,426,000 acres granted to the
Central Pacific, the California and Oregon,
the Western Pacific and the Southern Pa
cific patents have been issued for 5,328,246
acres, of wnich 1. 105/331 acres were
patented to 1895. The Miners' Association
makes the following estimate of mineral
lands in the odd sections of the grant:
A cres.
In the Central Tacifir crnnt 704,000
In the California Tacilic and Western Pa
cific prant 1.600.(100
In the Southern Taciiic grant 1,344,000
Total S, 648.000
"Assuming," says Mr. Edman, "that 20
per cent of tnis land, being 720,000 acres,
is now occupied and can be protected by
the miners, and deducting this from the
above, would leave nearly 3.<XHX(.KX) acres of
the best mineral land in the United. States
to be absorbed by one railroad company.
Granting to the Southern Pacific Company
a funding bill, extending then lease of
power virtually for 100 years, the well-
known ability of that corporation to orig
inate bold tinancnal schemes would war
rant the belief that in the hands of a
gigantic mining trust these lands would
attain within twenty years a fabulous value,
exceeding even the well-watered stock of
the parent company, and representing
more tangible assets than their present
bonds. With the added possession of 15,
--030,000 acres of agricultural land who can
foresee the future of such a corporation
and its influence on our institutions?"
Mr. Edman's suggestion is startling, but
entirely within the bounds of possibility.
That is to say, if the Government commits
itself to the policy contained in the fund
ing scheme it will be bound to issue
patents to the granted lands, or at least to
prejudice the rights of the public in the
contention raised by the Miners' Associa
tion. Mr. Edman makes another sugges
tion, which is submitted here without
comment, but which should give reason
for serious reflection. He says:
"When active steps were taken to oppose
the approval by the General Land Office
of the so-called free list filed by the South
ern Pacific Company during the spring of
895, the organs of the company began
their attacks on hydraulic mining, in line
with their old policy of disrupting by sec
tional prejudices and in the hope of sowing
dissensions in the association, among
which many influential members were hy
draulic miners." He says that in the im
pending conflict over land monopoly fos
tered by venal National legislation "All
citizens alike are interested, and especially
the farmers of our State, who should never
forget the Mussel Slough massacre and
other crimes of the Southern Pacific
aeainst the bone and sinew of the State.
Only in reconciling old differences and
working side by side for the common
good can a path to victory be found by
the people."
AN INSPIRING EXAMPLE.
After making himself famous in an
Eastern State as the originator of the Bur
bank potato, and after realizing that the
harsh climate of the East placed a lLmit on
his ambition to produce improved iiowers
and food plants by hybridization, Luther
Burbank came to California in order to
find a climate under which he could work
unhampered by cold, and has become the
most successful and famous hybridizer in
the world. Simply because California is
not sufficiently old to realize the value of
his work Mr. Burbank lives with us com
| paratively unknown and obscure, but in
the great centers of Europe and the East
ern States he is called the "wizard of hor
ticulture," and is regarded as the greatest
genios in his specialty that the world has
known. His insignificant little farms at
Santa Rosa— trifling patches of ground
which wonld invite ihe scorn of the aver
age horticulturist— are the central point of
an eager observation proceeding from
every enlightened corner of the earth.
The wonderful story of his achievements
was told in part in The Scxday Call, but
nothing short of several volumes would be
able to set forth completely the narrative
of bis struggles and achievement?.
It is a suggestive fact that when this ex
traordinary man produces by patient hy
bridization a distinctive flower, fruit or
berry, and by lons tests has made it a per
manent variety having some salient fea
ture of superiority over any other of its
kind hitherto known, he never thinks oi
offering it to a California propagator. The
stamp of his approval upon it is sufficient
for shrewd and wealthy propagators in the
East and Europe," and his price for a
sineie new plant, whether it be hun
dreds or thousands of dollars, is
paid without question. In the course of
years these plants, by increase from suc
cessive propagations, fall in price to a fig
ure which a California grower is willing
to pay, and thus finally become estab
lished in our gardens or orchards. In the
meantime California has received a vague
credit for their origin, but that does not
occur in a shape to make known suffi
ciently well those valnablo climatic pe
culiarities which made the Burbank
achievement possible; and California is
the last section in the world to derive di
rect benefit from the immeasurably valua
ble work of one of its citizens.
This single fact indicates the almost un
limited field for improvement in our hor
ticulture. This is uot meant to detract
from the brilliant progress which our peo
ple have already made and are coustautly
niaking, but merely to show, first, that
California at large is not working to se
cure that credit for its climate to which'
Mr. Burbank's achievements entitle it,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1806,
and, second, that the horticultural condi
tion of tho State is losing a splendid op
portunity for improvement by failing to
take prompt advantage of Mr. Burbank's
discoveries. The value of this niay be ap
preciated when it is reflected that a new
variety will yield far more generous re
turns unuer cultivation in California than
in any otiier part of the world.
Bat the greatest value of Mr. Burbank's
work is its inspiring example to others
who may have ihe intelligence and perse
verance to take up the work and emulate
his victories. There is no danger of "ruin
ous competition" in this exquisite art, for
California is the one place in the world
where it maybe pursued under perfectly
favorable conditions, and the demand for
improved varieties must alwaya be in
satiable.
RAILROADS HAMPERED.
An interesting condition, which explains
in port the serious financial difficulties
which have overtaken so many railroads
in the Eastern States, has just been
brought to light. It should be said at the
start that railroad business under ordi
nary competition is a sure index of the in
dustrial condition of the people, and that
as a rule combinations are formed only
when business falls to a low ebb. These
combinations, effected to maintain a
fictitious schedule of charges, attempt to
accomplish by sheer force, and in oppo
sition to the friendly and co-operative
relation which should exist between pro
duction and transportation, a result which
shall secure railroad prosperity without
reference to the prosperity of the country.
The most injurious results must neces
sarily follow, not the least of which is the
dangerous political power which railroad
combinations might be able to wield.
■ Elisha K. Kane, president of an Eastern
railroad, has come forward vrith an ex
planation of the hard times wnich have
fallen upon the roads and forced some into
bankruptcy and many into combinations.
It is simply that the low prices inevitably
accompanying a low import tariff prevent
shippers from utilizing all their available
resources for producing articles for trans
port. Besides this, many articles which
are produced must be treated as waste
products, as they cannot be shipped to
market except at a loss. At the same
time it is clear that any extension of the
producing area is impossible, and th>s
affects the development of the country.
Again, a hiph tariff stimulates industries
and at the same time induces an immigra
tion of foreign laborers to secure the bet
ter wanes prevailing under such a tariff,
and that means an increase of travel aside
from that which our own people would
furnish if prosperous. All industries
along a line of road make traffic both ways,
and if they are crippled the traffic is in
jured. As a rule an increase in the amount
of travel on a given train is clear profit |
and a decrease is a direct loss. While a \
high tariff would mean higher transporta- \
tion charges as well as higher prices for !
everything else, nevertheless the marcin |
between railroad receipts and expendi- '
tures must be at least proportionately :
large. Out of this margin the railroads \
pay their fixed charges. When the mar- I
gin becomes insufficient for that purpose j
equipment and construction cannot be in- \
Creased, business is curtailed and opera
tives are discharged.
These evident facts have no great local
interest in California, in view of the fact
that its transportation is a monopoly, but
they constitute a strong argument for fore
closure of the railroad debt to the Govern
ment as well as for a protective tariff.
SAN DIEGO'S CARNIVAL
San Diego has at last given its promised
naval parade, and the seene — a nocturnal
one, in which ltntern effects were pictur
esquely employed — is described as being
surpassingly handsome and impressive.
The exhibition is worthy of special consid
eration, in view of the fact that it was a
novel and spectacular departure from the
usual forms of fetes and carnivals given by
the cities of California.
More important than that, however, is
the attention which this display has drawn
to the harbor of San Diego. This is one of
the very few landlocked harbors indenting
the formidable western coast of the United
States. The dangerous character of the
rocky shore in the absence of bays is
heightened by the prevailing winds from
the sea, and these conditions combine to
secure ample protection against the in
vasion of points where bays do not exist.
The points where.it is possible fora hostile
fleet to make attacks are providentially
few, and this means a comparatively small
outlay necessary to establish armed de
fenses. The Bay of San Diego is one of
the most- important of these.
It is the Bay of San Francisco in minia
ture. Each is a body of water lying
parallel with the coast line, each is sep
arated from the ocean by a narrow tongue
of land and each is perfectly landlocked
and safe. Every advantage that the Bay
of San Francisco enjoys appertains to the
Bay of San Diego on a. smaller seal*, with
the exception of navigable rivers emptying
into it. For all its smaller size, however,
the Bay of San Diego has ample accom
modation for all the shipping that a com
pact settlement of the region would re
quire.
The value of these bays will become
more and more apparent as the years pass.
The time must inevitably come when the
Pacific Ocean will be intelligently utilized
iivforwarding the commercial and indus
trial prosperity of all that great region
lying west of the Rocky Mountains, and
then the few secure harbors through which
the ocean is accessible will be centers of
activity. Their adequate protection and
improvement should receive the most in
telligent and patriotic attention. It is
discouraging to contemplate the utterly
unprotected condition of San Diego Bay
and appalling to imagine the harm which
its seizure by an enemy would inflict.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Los Angeles Htratd publishes some
interesting facts concerning the develop
ment of the petroleum industry in that
section. Quoting the Oil City (Pa.) Der
rick it shows that the product of the East
ern oil fields is 65,000 barrels a day, and
that the yield of the Southeastern oil dis
trict is 35,000 barrels a month. This last
named amount was exactly the product of
the Lcs Angeles district in February.
Kast«>rn prices, however, are somewhat
better than ours. The local consumption
of oil in Southern California is growing
rapidly. During the month 12.0U0 barrels
were shipped away and 800 barrels were
hauled away in wagons for local consump
tion. The Hotel Green at Pasadena uses
400 barrels a month.
The Los Angeles Record says: "The
Lacy oil refinery at Chino will be open for
business on the 10th inst This will give
the oil industry a great impetus, as it will
afford a market for all that can be pro
duced in the south here for some time to
come. Mrl Lacy has some red oil that is
unquestionably better than any similar
product made in this country. This may
explain why the Standard Oil Company is
buying so heavily for 'fuel purposes.' la
about two wee ks the product of the Paente
company's reiiuery will be upon the mar
ket. Besides kerosene the company will
make gasoline, and both oil and gasoline
will be put np in the usual style, five-gal
lon cans being preferred by the Pacific
Coast trade."
While all this activity is proceeding in
the south the Paso Robles Record an
nounces that some of the enterprising
citizens of Parkfield and vicinity are tak
ing the preliminary steps to employ a
company to prospect the oil fields of the
upper Cholam« Valley. It has long been
known that the indications of the exist
ence of petroleum in paying quantities are
very numerous there, but no thorough
prospecting has been done, though some
five or six hundred feet have been bored
at one place. It would not take much
capital, properly directed, to open nptnose
Parkfield oil where indications of unlim
ited oil and gas fields. There is no place
in the State are more favorable.
The Clovis (Fresno County) Herald has
published an interesting description of the
Fresno '.Flume and Irrigation Company's
box factory. The plantcan manufacture
25.000 feet of lumber a day into boxes, and
is now running to its full capacity to sup
ply orange boxes for the southern end of
the State. The lumber is brought forty
two miles in a flume from the mountains.
The Riverside Enterprise, in the follow
ing.item, furnishes further evidence of the
progressive spirit of Los Angeles; "In
Los Angeles a company has been formed
for the manufacture of furnace bottoms.
Rock suitable for its manufacture has been
found in the Big Black Mountain, near
West Riverside on the Provo tract. Both
proprietors of the Riverside Land Com
pany have given the manufacturers per
mission to take all they desire."
The promoters of the Clear Lake Electric
Power Company propose not only to fur
nish electric power for all ÜBe9 in Napa
and Lake counties, but also to run an in
dependent electric road from Clear Lake
to Tiburon. O. E. Moore, superintendent
of the company, estimates ttat in the city
of Napa alone there is something over
one thousand horsepower of machinery
run by steam, costing not less than $5 a
horsepower a month, a total of ?60,000 a
; year. In his letter to the Napa Hfgieier
;he says: "If this machinery can be run
j by electric power at one-third the present
\ cost it would mean a saving of $40,000 a
year."
At the same time the Sacramento Bee I
| comes out with a serious charge- against j
: the Folsom A\ ater-power Company. It j
| will be remembered that when this com- !
i pany started its. gigantic plant for con
i verting the power from the Folsora dam
into electricity and took the current to
Sacramento the people of that city held a
grand celebration and were jubilant over
the prospect of cheap power. But this has
proved a delusion. The Bee says: "Some
J surprise has been manifested that more
local factories are not tiling the electric
energy brought from the water wheels at
Folsom. The railroad shops, the big flour
. ing mills andjother power-using establish
; ments making steam from coal costing
from $6 to $3 per ton certainly ought to
find an economy in the use of motors if the
Folsom water power projectors were cor
rect in representing that the electric power
would cost the consumer less than steam
with coal at $1 50 per ton. Inquiry de
velops the fact, however, that all the in
stitutions likely to be benefited by a
change of the kind have made careful
investigation, and claim that they cannot
secure a rate from the new power com
pany which offers any economy over steam
power, while they would be compelled to
throw aside expensive steam plants and
purchase new electric motor plants, al
most equally expensive.
"It is evident that any permanent ben
efit anticipated from the inauguration of
the electric power here is likely to be de
stroyed by a continuance of such a policy
on the part of the Folsom Water-power
Company."
This is a very serious matter not only
for Sacramento, but possibly, also, for users
of power in Napa County.
Speaking of California diamond mines,
the Placerviile Democrat says: "The or
ganization of capital and labor for further
explorations puts a setting of rubies, dia
monds, sapphires and emeralds in the glit
tering prospect before us. Still better, it
is from the jeweled hand of California that
the rarest treasures are to be expected.
And of all the diamond mines thus far dis
covered on the Pacific Coast,, those of
Smiths Flat are the best, if not the most
noted. The diamond sharps will find no
better indications on the continent."
The liberality with which Claus Spreck
els furnishes beet seed to all communi
ties that desire to experiment with supar
beet culture recalls the fact that beet seed
culture is going to become an industry in
itself. On this subject the Chino Valley
Champion says: "The production of beet
seed is going to be one of the coming in
dustries in this valley. The natural con
ditions are highly favorable to the produc
tion of a high-grade seed. The articles
heretofore published in the Champion on
this subject have attracted the attention of
prominent European beet-seed growers,
with whom we are now in correspondence.
The prospects are good that arrangements
will be made this summer to start a beet
seed farm on the Chino ranch, at least on
an experimental scale."
The importance of mining as a factor of
prosperity is fully understood at Ellens
burg, Wash. The' Capital of that city says:
"Times are said to be better in Spokane
than anywh ere in the State, and it is all
due to one thing — mining. Spokane's citi
zens have always encouraged and fostered
the mining industry, and she is reaping a
legitimate harvest. Mining is the. business
now uppermost in the public mind, and it
is in that direction the money is to be
made."
The Sntter Creek Record publishes along
list of valuable building improvements
soon to be made in that thriving town as
the result of the prosperity which it is
enjoying.
The Los Angeles Journal says that the
Pacific Wool Company is the name given
to a new enterprise which is to wash and
scour the wool product of Southern Cali
fornia. The capacity of the works will bo
4,000,000 ponnds a year, and oil will be
used for fuel. In an interview a member
of the company said: "These works will
be of inestimable advantage to the sheep
and wool industry in this part of the coun
try, and the wool, being scientifically
cleansed, will be more eagerly sought for
in the markets of the East. The wool will
go to make np clothed, blankets, etc We
have been contemplating this thing for
some time and have at last got it into
fchape."
The Colusa Bun, discussing the prelimi
nary meeting held by Reclamation Dis
trict 108 at Knights Landing for the pur
pose of considering the digging of the
mucb-talked-of drainage canal, «ays that
a general feeling of confidence in the good
results to be secured prevails, and adds:
"Speaking for itself and not for the land
owners, the Sun declares that the thorough
reclamation of the land is feasible, both as
to the practicability of the work and as to
cost. At most it would not take more
than two years' rent to do the work in a
thorough manner; but suppose it should
take four years' rent, would it not be. a
paying business? It is a great pity that
the scheme could not be so enlarged as to
take in the entire district above Butte
Slough on the east and Knights Landing
on the west."
The Mission News ia a bright weekly
paper just started at 2940 Mission street,
this City, by W. J. and J. J. Reid. Judg
ing from the initial number it is certainly
in competent hands.
"Jim" Townsend, sometimes jocularly
called "Lying Jim" by reason of the mar
velous fecundity and spontaneity of his
imagination, has made the Homer Index a
semi- weekly.
PERSONAL.
Antone Watten of Pasadena la at the Cosmo
politan.
H. A. Jastro of B at ers field is here on legal
business.
0. L. Henderson, a prominent business man
of Vallejo, is at the"Baldwin.
William S. Jack, an extensive property-ownei
of Peoria, 111., is at the Russ.
Supervisor W. P. McFaull of Ukiah, Mendo
cino County, is at the Grand.
Frank H. Webster, wine and raisin grower of
Mint urn, is stopping at the Grand.
Henry Housely, a wealthy mining man of
Denver, registered at the Cosmopolitan.
E. M. Hadley, the well-known railroad ma n
of Ogden, is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
D. McG. French, chief engineer of the revenue
cutter Rush, is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
BJohn W. Lehman, the well-known artist cf
Dubuque, lowa, is stopping at the Cosmopol i
tan.
W. J. Doherty, one of Bakersfleld's landed
proprietors, is stopping at the Baldwin for a
few days.
Alfred Williams, a merchant of Seattl e, is
here with his family on a vacation. They are
at the California.
Allen Towle of Towle'a itation, Cal., after
whom the station was named, is here on busi
ness. He is stopping at the Grand.
J. C. Savery, a merchant of Dcs Moines, lowa,
is visiting San Francisco, partly on business
and partly on pleasure. He is at the Occi
dental.
Maurice Parker of Alaska, who has just re
turned from a trip to Ireland, where he has
been reviewing tha scenes of his youth, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan en route to Alaska.
Dr. H. 11. Thrall, the well-known dentist, is
seriously ill at his residenc*, 619 Pine street.
Last Thursday evening he slip-ped and fell in
front of his home, and the fall resulted in con
cussion of (he brain, which brought on partial
paralysis oi the right side, of his body. Dr.
George lerrill is in attendance upon him five
times a day, but has no hopes of his ultimate
recovery. Dr. Thrall is an old resident of this
City, o^e of its pioneers, and bas a very large
circle of acquaintances. He is a prominent
Knight Templar and ex-lieutenant-colonel oi
the National Guard.
SHOOTING STARS.
Across the strings of memory
A zephyr breathes from out the past,
When youth believed the shooting stars
That might athwart the heavens cast.
They told him that the soul-felt wish
Asked, while still slowed the flashing brand,
Were sure to fall— a wondrous gift —
w ;:ii.n faith's supplicating hand.
How many dTearas of love and wealth—
I How many hopes of name and fame :
With boyish trust — so soon outgrown—
' Were loaded on each flitting flame. '
Bay 'twHs the credence of the fool, •
- A farce whcr ■ fo'.ly played chief part-*
It had what too much afier lacks.
The earnest service of the heart.
And no of all those radiant ships - '
, ■ That one time .sped o'er seas of air
And piled up high v.i t golden dreams.
Struct A Re's rock and foundered there.
Hung In the sanctum of the soul, '
' Where death can only force Uie bar.
Alone remains that joy we knew V •■ - ■ ,
And lived when dreamlmr of the star. - [ -.",•
• —Philadelphia Times.
A CUBAN FORT.
The most invulnerable and curious of all the
forts erected in Cuba are made of old steam
boilers. At every factory of any age there were
a number of worn-out boilers which had been
thrown aside. Each was a-bout thirty feet long
and six feet in diameter, and made of steel five
eighths to three-quarters of an inch thick
These were taken in hand at the machine
shops, the braces and heads were knocked out
Fort Mode of an Old Boiler.
and a doorway and loopholes cut in them. They
were then carried to the tors of knolls and set
up on end and braced in place with railroad
iron. Three floors were put in each, and a lad
der was hung e.gain^t the inside of the shell as
a means of communication from top to bottom.
These novel forts are so secure when the steel
door is once closed upon the garrison that some
ot the planters have lost confidence in them
for outposts. They believe that the men of their
parrisons feel such confidence tnat they go to
sleep as soon as they get inside.
Notwithstanding all these preparations the
Insurgents keep tne guards of the plantations
busy, and some one gets killed on one side or
the other every few days, and but one factory
in the region is grinding cane.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Maud— Are you a bachelor, Mr. Grumpy?
Old Grumpy (decidedly)— Yes, I am, and I al
ways have been. — Princeton Tiger.
He— l love you more than myself, darling.
She— That's not saying much. You are al
giving yourself away.— Pick-Me-Up.
Mrs. Brown— How would you define "tact"?
Mrs. Jones— l should say tact is the ability to
mako your husband believe that he Is having
his own way.— Puck.
"I took out $10,000 insurance on my life to
day," said the meek man.
"I suppose you will live for sixty or seventy
years now," said his wife in an aggrieved tone.—
Indianapolis Journal.
Uncle Josh— There's lota of money dropped In
Wall street, ain't there?
Nephew— Lots of it.
Uncle Josh— And it's all dropped by folks
that's tryin' to pick it ud.— Puck.
"Talk of man," roared the female emanci
pator. "What has man ever done for woman?"
"Furnished a model for her to imitate," said
a voice in the rear of the hall, and then an
awful quiet reigned.— Adams Freeman.
She— lf you never meet me, would you
have loved some other girl as much as you do
me? *
He— My darling.Mf I had never met yon, I
believe I would have committed suicide.—
Truth.
The Pastor (a dyspeptic, taking dinner with
the family)— Thank you, Mrs. Brown. I'd like to
have another piece of pie, but I will have to
say no.
Willie Brown (in great surprise)— Goodneas
me 1 Did your mother tell you aot to take a
second piece, too?— Boston Journal.
A San Antonio bridal couple were traveling
in Mexico. She was very romantic- and being
at the hotel in Monterey, she said : ■
"liow lovely and romantic it is here. Do you
hear the sound of the castanets?"
..- "That's not castanets. A man in t the next
roam bu chilli and t fever, and you hear hlf
teeth chattering."— Texas Siftingi . " -.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Sheriff J. R. Brown, the white-bearded offi
cial of Humboldt County, is at the Russ. He
is one of the earliest pioneers of the coast, and
has in his time arrested some of the most no
torious stage-robbers and cattle-thieves that
have infested the mountain regions of Cali
fornia.
Mr. Brown has been Sheriff a great many
years. From 1861 to 1874 he served as Sheriff
in Klainath County, end when that county
disorganized he became Sheriff of Humboldt,
He has held the latter position eighteen years,
and has been Sheriff for the entire time of
31 years. The veteran Sheriff comes to San
Francisco every once in awhile. He is known
to many thousands of people.
The Sheriff is a firm believer in the future of
Humboldt. Yesterday iie told how things
were moving on there.
"Lumbering is our most Important indus
try," he said, "and next to that is dairying: we
J. R. Brown, the Veteran Sheriff of Humboldt County, Formerly of KJamath, Wha
Is on a Visit Here.
[Sketched from life by a ''Call 1 ' artist.]
sell a great deal of butter. We also produce a
arge amount of beef. The wool industry cuts
some figure too, but that is light.
"Just now v.c are starting up a good many
mills: The lumbering interests are reviving.
We are making a good many shingles and tome
of them are going East. There has been quite
an im petus to the shingle business lately. The
B hi n gles that are going East are fancy ones.
"There is an enormous amount of redwood
up there as yet untouched in anyway. It is
simply astonishing the amount there is. I
don't know whether it will soon be a better
price or not.
"Lately several buyers have come in from
the timber sections of the East. They have
been 100-king around, and I believe in some
instances they bought timber. The redwoods
are now attracting attention. I think Oe
j market ought to improve.
"As for Eureka, the chief town of that region
j it now has between TOGO and 8000 people.
There is some building going on and it is rea
sonably prosperous.
"I have lived there a long time and like the
place. To my mind Eureka is one of the pleas
antest cities to live in in California."
Thomas R. Brown, a well-known business
man and politician of Seattle, ha 3 been travel-
Ing for the past two months for the betterment
of his health, and has finally 1 landed irt the
Lick House. He was in Prescott, Ariz., for a
while in search of that dry air which is found
in all its untamed and uncaged robustness in
Arizona and Fresno.
He said last night that Arizona was not to I
his liking. He found its vaunted health resort
to be a dead, level piece of country traversed
by ; wide and deep irrigation , ditches which
impressed him with the dread of malaria in the
summer time, and that is why he chose to leave
the country before the summer, with 120 de
grees Fahrenheit in the shade, could have an j
opportunity of pre-empting any of his adipose
lissae. j ;. '. ■ '■ • " .■' . .' ••.■ •:--• .
He was informed, however, that there was i
no malaria there. -He prefers California, and
told a .wide circle of listeners last night that
he discovered in the Julian mining district in
San Diego County one of the finest sections for
apples that he ever saw west of the Rocky
Mountains. =' . : - '. ;
; It is sitnated sixty miles east bt San Diego
City, 4600 feet above the level of the'sea,
where there are copious falls of snow and. rain
in '; the winter time. Here Jhe found several
thriving apple orchards, manyof ' them from
twenty-five to thirty years old and !in prolific
bearing. -Owing to the snows and the cold of
the winter season" and the light atmosphere
and suave temperature of the summer the trees
are free from the codlin moth," the scale and
the other . ills that the apple is heir to. ' The
fruit he praises highly for its excellent flavor
and appearance. ' '
Mr. Gunn, who has an 80-acre apple orchard
In that region, informed Mr. Brown that he
averaged from 83K cents to $1 15 per box for
his apples delivered in San Diego. The fruit
is hauled by wagon to the Cuyamaca railroad
terminus at Foster, which is twenty-five miles
from San Piego.
When Mr. Brown wa* In Phoenix he saw
Whitelaw Reid, the Now York journalist, who
is spending the winter there. Mr. Reid's
health is improving wonderfully in the land
of the cactus.
Mr. Brown said that when he left Seattle the
closing down of a large number of shingle and
lumber mills had made times very dull in that
part of the country.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Pini, the champion fencer of France, Is a
great pewonago at present. He is a short,
thick-set man, with arms extremely lonjr for
his sise and a chest deep enough for a man Bix
feettalL
Lord Wolseley, addressing the brigade of
euards, strongly recommended every soldier to
learn how to box. There is nothing, he said,
that required more pluck and nothing so
likely to bring out the fine qualities of an
athlete. • . '
Five Congressmen affect the boutnnolere.
Johnson of California wears a pink carnation;
Picklerof Dakota a small rose; Quigg of New
YorkaTiolet; Richardson of Tennessee some
times a rosebud. Nearly all the Congressmen
■wear some sort of a military button or decora
tion.
Floquet was very much oi a lady's man— a
delightful flirt, as he was sometimes called.
Ha was proficient in complimentary small
talk and a deft flatterer. His sense ot smell
was so delicate that if blindfolded he could
Identify any lady who came to his wife's recep
tions by the perfume she used.
For the nineteenth year In succession a bank
of England note for has been Dlaced in
the offertory box at St. Mary's Church, Kil
burn. England, by a benevolent person un
known. The note has on each occasion been
accompanied by a small clip of paper, signed
"X.," requesting that the money should be
distributed among the various charitable or
ganizations connected with tne church.
Professor Petrie, the Egyptologist, has en
gaged .the services of Miss Annie Ptrie to copy
the frescoes in certain tomba he hopes to dis
cover near Thebes. Miss Pirie is a half-sister
of Archibald Forbes, the well-known war cor
respondent. ,
Lady Aberdeen enjoys intensely listening to
the. Parliamentary debates in Ottawa.. She
sits betide the Speaker, dressed in purple rel*
vet, following the proceedings closely, but,
like a true diplomat, never disclosing by word
or look on which side her own sympathies may
be enlisted. _
Mrs. Cleveland lives a much quieter life at
the White House than she did during her hus
band's first term of office. Her most intimate
friends hare been Miss Lei ter (now Mrs. George
Curzon),Mrs. Harriet Lane Johnson and Miss
Elizabeth Lockwood, all of whom hare often
visited the Clevelands.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
The War Cry.
Santa Clara Journal.
The Salvation Army is ud In arms and the
j war cry seems now to be "America for Ameri
j cans."
Bank Notes in Circulation.
Oakland Enquirer.
I One effect of the issue of the Government
bonds which perhaps was not foreseen, al>
though It is a natural consequence, is-L. larg#
increase in the circulation of National bank*.
Harrison's Faith and KxperieJ.ee.
Santa Cruz Sentinel.
Dr. Samuel Johnson described a second mar
i riapre as "a t/iumph of faith over experience."
Both parti.es to the approaching ex-Presidential
! nuptials hare had experience, and both still
have faith.
Tired of Democratic Doctrine.
Sulsun Courier.
The sugar-beet glowers of Pajaro and Salinaa
valleys, regardless of party affiliations, are la
favor of protection to American industries,
since Cleveland's teriff tinkering has cost them
$1 a ton oa their beets.
F insrree's Proposition.
Santa Crae Penny Press.
If Mayor Pingree's plan of allowing the poo*
to cultivate idle land free of charge will do
away with pauperism In Detroit, as it actually
is doing.it will do away with pauperism all
over the land if everywhere put in force.
California Will Soon Be Free.
Santa Crnjs Penny Press.
Kentucky is wearing a Southern Pacific Col
lar, but It does not fit. California has been for
years wearing the entire Huntington harness,
and pulling some big loads. But just now Cali«
foruia is making an endeavor to kick out of the
traces, and by the powers of Congress I hope
she will succeed.
LADY'S COAT BASQUB.
The charming waist shown here is one of th«
new coat waists. It is made with a fitted back,
the front being cut off at the too to reveal the
under waist of silk, which form a blouse in
front. , The sleeves are laid in.folds at the top.
The exquisite new velvets are used for such
waists, with fancy silks of the same tone. ■
•^f A multi-colored velvet which ■ is toned down
by a royal bine pile, has silk with background
oitho same blue with bright-colored lines and
figures.,; , • . •. ■■ < % ., -.=.- -,-
A closq gown or green has a blue and green
silk blouse, with feathers of the same tones for
the throatlet. ■-' • ~ i ' - ■
: CkUTOKSix glace fruits, 500 Ib. Townsend'a.*
■ : -— T ■• — ♦ — • <r~ .
FrEciAL Information daily to manufacturs-i.
f business houses ■: and public men by th« Prsij
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mon&omory . •
~. Mr. Lar<s— Mr. Fresh, your la tethis morning
Mr. Fresh— Yes. Bir ; we've got a new baby at
our bouse. :.;.-; . . -:"
Mr. Lard— Um-er-well,\ don't let It occur
again.— New York Herald. ".. . -
M tf C ![ t AprU * May *** the bwt months to pnrify
the blood and bui!d up the system. Don't neglect
such aa important matter. Take Hood's Sarsapa
illla with the advent of spring. -
m m m 9
- Coron-a no.- Atmosphere is perrectiy " drr. sotl ■
and mild, ani. is entirely ire Irom the mists com
. monlurtner north. Hound-trip tickets, by s:e*m
ship, including fifteen days' board at iha Hotel
Coronado. lenew stay #8 60 per day. Ami*
4 ; Sew Montgomery st., s aa Fraiclsco.iION'DAV MARCH 8, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Bai.pvtix Theater.— "A Milk White Flag."
Columbia Theatek— "Tha Wicklow Postman.^
Wokosco's Opera-Hocsk— "The Silver King."
i-j c vfk'r Alcazar.— "The Charity GUIs" and
"The Mikado." ' . .- . ' .
Tivoli Oi'KRA-HotTßK.— 'The Hoolah."
C'BniKi m.- High-Class Vaudeville.
The A; PiTonii'M— ol Jones and Eddy
utreets— Somnolency. Thursday evening, March
li:, Matcrna and Ondrlcek: '
MAcroNoroH Theater (Oakland) — "King
Le»r," to-night. •
>«. V-HANIO6' Paviiiox- Bicycle Tournament.
Piioot ins Chttes— Dally at Halght street.
tie block east of the Park. . :■ . . .
J acific Coast Jockey Ci.rß.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
BY Vow Rheix Co. — Tuesday, March 10,
I>pl Estate, at Salesroom, 613 California street,
a il2 o'clock.
By S. Watkins— March 10, Tatter-
Fail's Stable, comer Geary and Leavenwonh sts..
6i 11 o'clock. . ., '
Baldwin- a Hauuosd.- Real Estate, at 10
jloi.tgomery street.
I.i ivan & DoTiiK— Saturday, March 14,
borees, wagons, etc, at 2432 California street, at
11 lock. ..... . |
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Sutrobathi will be opened on Saturday
next.
early half a million of people have visited
: Museum in a year.
1 he weather predictions for to-day in this
l j are: Light westerly winds.
ral enjoyable social events, recorded In
>*ue, took place during the past week,
c Taint Club met and elected officers, the
ceremouy being concluded with a banquet.
Xi v. J. Cumming Smith delivered an inter
c-: :ng sermon ou foreign missions yester
day.
A naphtha bicycle tried in Golden Gate Park
w ill be ruled off the drive* because it frightens
Lorses.
S tie apple orchards thirty years old are
paid to be flourishing in the Julian mining
cietrict.
A largo nnmber of the National riflemen
held their montnly medal shoot at Shell Mound
}0.-ierday.
The funeral of W. W. Main took place yester
day afternoon from the family residence oa
Oak street, . ■ ;
The remains of William Sparrow, king of the
pypsy tribe, were laid to rest yesterday in Odd
leUows' Cemetery.
Sehuetzen Park is being put in good condi
tiou for the opening shooting and picnic sea
son, which will commence on April o.
J. S. Fanning yesterday, at the Olympic Gun
( lub"s shoot, smashed the coast's record by
breaking seventy-eight straight bluerocks.
W. R. Logan, a Fresno rancher, drew & big
to defend himself in Bottlekoenig's
music hall yesterday and was arrested on two
ciiara-es.
>. enlisted men applying for commis
f to:.ed rank in the United States army were
examined by a board oi officers at the Presidio
recently.
:!ajor T. C. Ryan of Ohio addressed a large
auditnee a: Metropolitan Hall yesterday on
•Nineteenth Century Patriotism and Its De
mands."
Samuel Osbcurne, •who mysteriously dlsap*
feared from San Francisco eight years atro,
was recently seen in South Airica by B&rbour
T. Lathrop.
General For«yth, commanding the Depart
ment of California, has decided to convert
Black Point Reservation into & beauiiiul park
for the public.
The promenade concerts at the bicycle show
yesterday afternoon and evening drew large
- The races continue to-night, Tues
day and Wednesday.
ocy C. Good^peed's death on Saturday
came Jnsl as the lest of her manylegal difhcul
: been surmounted and her inheritance
was practically secured.
Members of the Empire Gun Club opened the
season by a match at Alaineda Point. Good
ecGit-s ere made by many of the shooters.
fceverul .ndred birds were killed.
Bill Dyson," a colored . bootblack, • was shx>t
lan nigh.on Grant avenue, between Post and
£u:rer .sheets, by Benjamin' Franklin Woolfolk,
also colTred,' whora he had assaulted.
There , was no news from the Pacific Mall
Company's Kio de Janeiro yesterday. It is now
thought tL-at the steamer has broken down
and a tug may be sent to her assistance.
It. Case's pulpit in Howard-street Methodist
Episcopal Church will be temporarily filled by
It. Jewell of Oakland and .Dr. Lar'kJn oi Los
Ai.geits during his absence in Vacaville.
The four 13-inch rifled guns of the battle
ship Oregon have been placed in position— two
in the forward and two in the after turret.
The trial trip is scheduled to take place May l.
The Sue Ying Benevolent Society held its an
rival banquet at the Woy Sin Low restaurant
last night, and indulged in birds' nests, fishes'
heads, abalones, sharks' ens and other delica-
cies.
Thirty-two members of the naval reserve
had a practice drill on the battle-ship Oregon.
The barge Mayflower and gig Boston were used
by the men in their trip to the Union Iron
Works.
James P. <;orm>y and Pete Morello nearly
lost their lives off Alcatraz yesterday. Their
boat capsized and had it not been for the sen
try who sent them assistance they would have
been drowned.
There is no change in the conditions attend
ant upon tha painters' proposed strike, which
will take place to-day. The men will leave all
Bhopa where the bosses refuse to accede to
their demandi.
William Monnix. a boy living at 508^ Fell
Etrett, jumped from the Eteani cars opposite
the recreation ground?, Golden Gate Park,
yesterday, and had a narrow escape from being
fatally injured.
Ira D. Sankey and J. B. Steboins, bofh of
whom have traveled with Moody, the famous
evangelist, held largely attended song services
at the Y. M. C. A. auditorium yesterday after
noon and evening.
H. Hellberg of the Nord Deutscher Schuetzen
Club yesterday won the beautiful gold medal
presented by Captain L. Siebe oi the Shell
Jlound Bnooting range, for the three best cen
ters in the past twelve bullseye contests.
Milk Inspector Dockery declares that this
City's milk inspection system is not inferior to
that of Alameda, but that, on thecontrary.it
Is more complete. He says that there are many
things in the plan whicti have not yet been
put in operation.
Several physicians and dentisU of this City
believe that toothache can be cured by the
Roentgen ray, as is claimed to nave been done
by Dr. Levett in Paris. Dr. Thome explains his
reasons for his belief and cites a theory of the
famous Dr. Koch.
Henry E. Highton sees in the recent decision
of the Supreme Court in the matter of the
rower of Judges to reverse the verdicts of
juries a great advantage to unscrupulous cor
porations and a great menace to the perpetu
ity of American institutions.
J. C. Kealon and T. F. Bonnet defeated J.
Kiordan and M. Dillon, and J. Harlow, the
Coast champion, and W. Williams defeated P.
T. Donnelly, the amateur champion, and M. J.
Kilgallon at the San Francisco handball court
yesterday, each in three straight games.
At a preliminary meeting of members of the
Soriete Francaise de Bienfalsauee Mutuelle,
held yesterday, it was decided to recommend a
change in the by-laws so as to allow all phy-
Eicians holding diplomas from legitimate col
leges to present themselves as candidates for
positions in the French Hospital.
JTEW TO'DAT.
Torturing Disfiguring
I /[skin diseases
/&$&& Instantly
r yy RELIEVED
(CUTICURA
|\ v^i the .
r*^- GREAT >: '■
X^SKINCURE
V£K Sold throughout the world. British
ft* depot: F. Nkwbery & Sons, x, King
• Edwardst., . London. PonTEii Dmva
•' fc Chem. Corp., Sole Props-, Boston* U. S. A. __
HE GREW UP IN
CHURCH WORK
Rise of the Rev. J. Cum
ming Smith in the
Ministry.
HIS SUCCESSFUL CAREER.
Pastor of Trinity Presbyterian
Church Out at the Mis
sion.
SPEAKS OF FOREIGN MISSIONS.
An Eloquent Plea for the Uplifting of
Races by the Leverage of the
Gospel.
Out at the Mission, where the many tall
church spires mark the progress of Chris
tian thought and action, the Itev. J. Curn
raing Smith Las built up a flourishing
Trinity Presbyterian Church, at the Corner of Twenty third an 1 Capp Streets, Rev. J. dimming
Smith Pastor.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist]
congregation. He is pastor of Trinity
Presbyterian Church, at the corner of
Twenty-third and Capp streets. When he
assumed charge of the pastorate a few
years ago it was not the strong and pro
gressive Christian organization that it now
is. The church edifice is comparatively
new. It is capacious and beautiful.
The Rev. J. Cumming Smith comes from
churchly ancestry. His father, Rev. J. K.
Smith, D.D., for a quarter of a century pre
sided over the largest church in Canada.
He took high honors in a course of science
and philosophy in Toronto University and
acted as professor in classics while pursu
ing liis theological studies in the Knox
College. In ISS7 Mr. Smith came to Cali
fornia and took charge of the Howard
street Presbyterian Church, which moved
in 1892 to its present edifice, which cost
5G5.000 and has every modern equipment.
Mr. Smith may be ranked as a liberal in
theology and shows enthusiasm over the
higher Questions of divinity and their rela
tion to modern thought and life. He de
livered an interesting discourse at his
church en "Foreign Missions" yesterday.
He said in part:
Through.the Jewish race came the Bible. To
the Jews we are indebted for the first cham
piona who dared the stake and sent the Gos
pel on its thrilling career among the nations
of Europe. Spiritual ideas always tend to
Chrystallize Into institutions just as the silent,
viewless vapors of arctic atmospheres congeal
into the gleaming and architectural ico
masses. Onr institutions, our language, our
laws, our freedom show by an analysis their
derivation from the apostles of Jesus. We owe
to other races that creed which past races be
queathed to us as the secret of our greatness.
If a man discover* a gold mine he is not bound
to publish ttie discovery; but the man who
finds a healing clime for consumption, or a
cure for cancer, or a new vein of thought that
throws light on murky problems, or a new
freedom, is guilty of a crime if he does not
circulate the new necessity.
To those who accept the divinity of Jesn«
and know his command "to "Gff into all the
world" I shall not appeal. I appeal rather to
those of common-sense outsido of churches. I
propose to snow you that the missionary idea
w an absolute necessity, especially in our
modern conditions. Our loftiest statesmanship
must recognize the duty and glory of evangel
izing the world.
One of our most pressing problems is the re
lation of races. Europe «n the one hand and
now Asia on the other knock at our doors and
menace onr markets. The whole problem is
caused by the different levels of races. Some
are low and their demands are meager and
fheir wage system niggardly. Hence they can
produce articles at a low figure and undersell
the products of American toil. One man says:
"Build a wall around America and exclude
foreigners; raisa the tariff and keep out their
wares."
It Is of course the right of a nation to pro
tect itself, but this scheme is at best only a
temporary expedient. If we lock our doors
our trade with the world will suffer by our
policy of exclusion. We cannot in modern
times maintain a permanent policy of isola
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
tion. Men of ranging vision, men up to da
men whose theories are broader than tht
backyards, know that the only final-cure is to
save, races And put their mode of life on a par
with our own. The gospel stands for a world
wide evangelism, an emancipation of every
race from its sin and superstition, and a far
sighted patriot will see more statesmanship Jn
that scheme than any scheme that Fhuts off
one land from another! Sooner or later em
pires will overlap in spite of all artificial
boundary lines. Oddly enough, history
shows that the world needs time to wheel
around to the sagacity of Christ's suggestions.
A doctor warns a mail that he is building his
house tco near the marsh, and after a few
years of malnria and sickness in his circle he
corner to see the common-sense of the doctor.
A veteran millionaire warns a skittish youns
man fresh from the Ea«t not to sink his scant
capital in "fast moDey" schemes, and as the
young man scorns the advice and then wit
nesses his ebbing fortunes he comes to chimo
in with Old Magnate. Give the world time and
it will be forced to carry out the broad plans
of Christ in the interestof itsself-perßervation.
To-day not outy are empires neighbors, but
empires are represented on our own continent.
The question of immigration is supreme. Our
own intestine discords and ceaseless mutinies
spring from the inlluxbf races of groveling
ideals. Our American workingmen are left to
starve while foreigners ask low wages and
crowd out men with decent needs. Here,
again, It may be a wise plan to close our gates
to foreigners ; and that plan must be re-enforced
by a plan to lift other 'nations up to a plane
where they shall be fit to reciprocate our cul
ture, our commerce, our faith. Missionaries
are, after all, the mightiest stat«smen.
1 venture to suggest to a business firm of in
fidels, if you will, that if thov have ah eye to
the. main chance they will send checks to the
churches to evungelize the millions of other
empires, and thus pave the way to a larger
commerce than New York syndicates have yet
dreamed of. Christianize a numan being and
you increase his demands; that law brings
Christianity within the circle of commerce. I
venture also to appeal to men who scoff nt the
creed of Christ as cutting any figure in our
modern problems, and to prophesy that if
America does not reach out to lift other races j
to a higher plane there will come from that j
very soucr-o disturbances of volcanic violence. |
The question of curtailing immigration is, I
believe, a very valunble one; but when a
statesman puts the telescope to his eye and
calculates the issues that will confront the
world a few years hence he will sen only one
ultimate solution oi the problem of iminigra-
tion: evantrelize other nations, and then you
remove all problems excapt those that are born
of international progrpig.
The worst foe to mijiinns is fossilism. One
man cannot realize t^..i a Chinaman belongs
to our human race until the Chinaman cheats
him to get even with him.
A bßck-number divine cannot Bee that a
creed of Christ is worse than a fr&ud unless it
proves itself a force in the life of magnate and
bootblack. Some men fina it hard to conceive
that a defeat in Abyssinia lowers stocks in
London or that nn Armenian massacre sends a
•ghastly shudder through America. To-day
antipodes touch, culture and savagery are
neighbors. To that paradox you can trace the
crime and chaos of to-day's' life. Lift races by
the leverage of the gospel to somewhere near
the same level and you unriddle the enigma.
The membership of Trinity Presbyterian
is 445, and that of the Sunday-school 500.
H. E. Bostwick is superintendent of the
Sunday-school and Mrs. E. R. Stevens has
charge of the intermediate department and
Mrs. William Ranthrouff ot the primary
classes. C. M. Parker is organist of the
church.
The officers of the church are as follows:
Elders— Captain A. S. Hall, 11. E. Bostwick,
Dr. Stmtton, A. B. Cheney, W. Thomson, Wil
liam Wallace, Robert Elder, Captain George
Johnson, Principal Macdonald.
Deacons— T. K. McLeod, W. Paty, Mr. Jones.
Deaconesses— Mrs. Jeuness, Mrs. Barry. Mrs.
Gilley.
Trustees — Frank Dalton, Samuel Hendy,
David Kerr, George Brown, 11. C. Somers, E. G.
Denniston, D. Hulse, G. Johnson, I. McCulloch.
JUMPED PROM THE CAR.
William Mannlx, a Boy, Has a Narrow
Escape Froni Being Fatally
Injured.
William Mannix, a boy living at 508^
Fell street, had a narrow escape from being
seriously injured or killed yeesterday after
noon.
lie was going out to the recreation
grounds, Golden Gate Park, on the steam
cars, and when opposite the grounds he
did not wait for the cars to stop, but
jumped off. There his memory failed him,
but another boy who was with him sa3 r s he
struck the ground with his face with terri
ble force, rendering him unconscious.
The patrol wagon was summoned and
he was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
His lips were split and there were cuts
and abrasions oh his chin, cheeks and
head. J)r. Helms dressed his wounds and
expressed the opinion that his skull was
not fractured. The boy soon regained con
sciousness, but he could not recollect how
he got hurt.
A Boy Missing.
T. Kenny, 908 Filbert street, reported at
police headquarters yesterday the disappear
ance of his sou Albert. He left home on Sat
urday cveulng, and is gupposed to have gone
to Madera i a company with a Spanish boy of
his own age. Albert Is 14 years of ago, dam
complexioned and of ordinary size.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
No News From the Pacific Mail
Company's Rio de
Janeiro.
NAVAL RESERVE AT WORK.
Narrow Escape of Two Young Fisher
men Whose Boat Capsized
Off Alcatrai.
The fate of the Pacific Mail Company's
steamer City of Rio de Janeiro is still in
1 doubt. The Merchants' Exchange was be
sieged all of yesterday by anxious inquir
ers, but the same answer had to be given
to all— "No news."
Agent Center is still confident that the
steamer is above water and that she will
be heard from in due time. He argues
that she may have been blown out of her
courso in a storm and is now making her
way to Hongkong under a small steam
pressure and sail.
After the accident to the City of Peking
yards were placed on the foremast of the
Rio so that she has now considerably more
sail area than she had three years ago.. If
Kj-ngines have broken down she will
be able to make fair time under sail,
f the Doric does not pick her up she
>robably eventually be heard from.
Lieutenant Schwerin on behalf of the
Mail Company, says the steamer was well
found and thoroughly seaworthy.* It was
only a couple of years ago that new ma
chinery was put in and the interior of the
vessel made as good as new. In regard to
her being ten-der he says there is no truth
in the assertion and insists that the vessel
was as stanch a ouc as ever sailed through
the Golden Gate. If no news is received
to-day the chances are that the Mail Com
pany will send out the big tug Fearless to
look for the missing steamer.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Willamette Valley sailed again for Mexi
can ports yesterday. A new Crank-pin
was put in at the Union Iron Works and
tho vessel got away as quickly as possible.
Captain yon Helms will do his best to
make up lost time, hut he will never be
able to get his vessel back here in time to
sail on the 25th of April. In the mean
time, however, the Coos Bay will make a
trip, so the rnerchantu and others doing
business with Mexico will not suffer for
lack of transportation facilities.
The British ship Senator, which has
been laid up for several months, has At
last been chartered. She will go to Seattle
to loaa lumber for Valparaiso, and will
probably sail for the sound to-morrow.
Captain Lewis Is glad that his vessel is
chartered, butneis not feeling delighted
over his destination. He would much
rather have loaded wheat for England.
Two young men named James X Gormr
ley and Pete Morello very nearly lost theie
lives off Alcatraz yesterday. They wern
fishing from a small skiff, and Gorrriley. in
his excitement over an attempt to haul ih
a big rockcod, capsized the boat. Botp
men went under, but on coming to the top
again succeeded in reaching the over
turned boat. The sentry on the island
gave the alarm and the fishermen were
rescued. After being dried out they were
put on the McDowell, and they and their
boat were'taken to San Francisco.
The Naval Reserve, thirty-two strong,
had a splendid practice drill on the line
of-battle Bhip Oregon yesterday. They
handled the big 6, 8, and 12 inch guns like
old marines and brought forth many a
word of praise from the navy men who
were present. The men left the Folsom
street steps in two boats. The firs* to get
away was the gig Boston, in charge of En
sign W. Burke" with Ensign Emanuel as
his chief deputy. The other boat was the
barge' Mayflower, with Lieutenant-Com
mander Turner in command and Lieuten
ant Gunn as chief deputy. It was a pretty
race across the bay to the Union Iron
Works, but the c»K more than hekl her own
against the heavily manned barge.
The Alaska Commercial Company la add
ing tv its 11cet of schooners. The BaranofJ
was launched a week ago and yesterday
docked at Mission-street wharf. She is a
handsome craft of about 70 tons' Burden
and iooks more like a yacht than a trader.
She will bo commanded by N. A.
j .'ohason and on her initial cruise will
, hunt thesea otter. This clasa of fishing
i his been creatly neglected of late and the
I A' aska Commercial Company is going to
mike a specialty of it. Beside the Baranoff
thj company has ftnother new schooner
to put in the trade. She was launched
fro n Turner's yards yesterday at Benicia
and was named the Maksutdff. She will
be commanded by Captain Anton Han
sen and is expected to be a very smart
vessel. Both schooners will be htted out
with all the latest improvements, and the
managers of the company expect to make
a success out of the venture.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Queen will resume her run to Portland.
She has been thoroughly repaired and is
now as good as new. Captain Green wiil
go out as master and while the inspectors
of hulls and boilers have not censured
him in any way, it is understood that the
company will have to pay for the damage
to the Strathdnn. The latter ship has
been repaired and is now in the stream.
She will probably sail for England to
morrow.
The Columbia, which took the place of
the Queen on the Oregon route, went on
the dry dock yesterday to have a new rud
cierpost put in. The Willamette and
George W. Elder are also being docked for
the same complaint.
Spring Opening.
Yon are cordially invited to attend our
special exhibit of imported hats and bon
nets Wednesday and Thursday, March 11
and 12. No cards. Seavey's, 1382 Market
street. •
CAUGHT A TARTAR.
A Fresno Farmer Draws a Gun In a
Dive In Order to Save His
Coin.
W. K. Logan is a young Fresno farmer.
He came to town a few days ago, and
though he is too young to have the pro-
verbial "little b mcb of whiskers" on his
chin, still he was sized up as legitimate
spoil when he wandered into Bottle
Kosnig's music-hall on Montgomery ave
nue yesterday afternoon. In the words of
the topical song, "They didn't do a thine
to him."
According to his story, he ordered a
small bottle of claret. The waiter, He
say?, demanded $20 for it. Logan wanted
to compromise for fl, and the entire force
of waiters, songstresses, bouncers and
hanpern-on surrounded him. Fearing
bodily barm, ho drew a six-shooter that
he carried aown the leg of his pants, and
his assailants beat a precipitate retreat.
'But they yelled '-Police!" as they went.
In consequence Sergeant Freel and posse
appeared on the scene and found the fiery
Fresnoan defying the entire .establish
ment in hot language. Mr. Logan yielded
to the inevitable and the police and went
quietly to jail, where he waß charged with
making threats apainst life and carrying a
concealed weapon.
AT THE PLAY HOUSES.
What Is Booked for Presentation at the
Several Places of Amusement
for To-Xight.
"A Milk White Flag," the latest produc
tion by Hoyt, is to be presented at the
Baldwin Theater to-night. It is said to
be full of fun, and that in it there is some
sly hit at the National Guard. The piece
is enlivened by Borne new and catchy
music.
The well-known delineator of Irish char
acters Eugene O'Rourke will make his ap
pearance at the Columbia Theater this
evening in "The Wlcklow Postman," a
new comedy drama written by Mark Price.
John L. Sullivan and Paddy Ryan will
appear in the play and spar three rounds.
A double bill will be offered at Graver's
Alcazar to-night. This will include "The
Mikado" and "The Charity Girls," This
is the last week of the Carleton Opera
Company. By request W. T. Carleton will
at each performance sing "Ben Bolt."
The well-known and popular melodrama
"The Silver Kine" will be placed on the
boards of the Grand Opera-house this
evening with fine stage effects. Darrell
Yinton and Essie Tittle are cast for the
leading roles in the play.
"TheHoolah." an operetta written by
Charles l^ecocq, is the attraction to be
offered at the Tivoli Opera-house tbfs even
ing. The text and the situations in this
composition are very amusing* Ferris
Hartman is to appear in the role of
Hoolah.
The management of the Orpheum Music
Hall has an attractive bill for its patrons
this evening. Charles B. Ward, ballad
writer, singer and comedian, he who ere*
ated the character of "The Bowery Boy,"
will appear iv specialties, as will other
performers. _
Miss Anna Eva Fay will appear in the
Auditorium, corner of Jones and Eddy
streets, to-night, and give another of her
exhibitions of extraordinary cabinet won
deis and of somnolency,. or, as she calls it,
"mental telegraphy."
Frederick Warde opens at the Macdon
ough to-night for a season of one week.
The play chosen for to-night is "King
Lear," in which he achieved such a success
at the Baldwin during his engagement
there. '
The farewell concert to be given by
Frank H. Belcher, the popular barytone,
prior to his departure for tb« East, will
take place at Native Sons' Hall, Mason
street, between Post and Geary, oh Thurs
day evening, March 19, instead of the 9th
inst., as previously announced.
Calvnrmn Society.
Yesterday afternoon St. Mary's Cathedral
was thronged with worshipers, the occasion
being the third of the Lenten services now be
ing held under the auspices of the Calvartan
Society. The "Stations of the Cross," the
special devotion of the Calvarian Society, were
performed by Rev. Joseph F. Byrne, followed
by a sermon on "The Denial of Peter," elo
quently delivered by Roy. Father Prendergast.
benediction of the most blessed sacrament con
cluded the afternoon service. Next Sunday
will be the fourth, of tne series. The subject is
to be "Tho Traitor Apostle."
In Berlin the fire companies must be
drawn up in military fashion to salute
their commander before they can start to
the scene of a fire.
STRIFE AND LIFE ENDED
Mrs. Goodspeed Just Missed the
Fruits of Much Litiga
tion.
CABEE& OF ROMANCE AND LAW
An Early Elopement, a Subsequent
Marriage, a Divorce, Then
Legal Difficulties.
"With the sudden death of Mrs. Lucy C.
Goodspeed in this City on Saturday even
ing onded a life remarkable for the long,
diverse and interesting litigation with
which it was associated.
The story is one threaded with ro
mance, marital infelicities and court con
tests, and its conclusion is pathetic. Just
when the final legal obstacles had been
overcome and the woman was on the point
of entering into possession of the exten
sive property for which she had so long
and &o often assorted her claims a stroke
of apoplexy rendered her powerless to
move or speak, and , after a lingering,
dumb suffering for nearly thirty hours,
during which she was unconscious, her
mind seemed to clear for a moment and
she recognized her youngest son, whose,
arrival at the bedside was almost coinci
dent with her last breath.
Mrs. Goodspeed was the only daughter
of the late Judc:e O. C Pr.itt.
Some time in 1865-OJ she eloped with
Raphael Abecco, a member of a minstrel
troupe performing in the old theater on
Montgomery street, between Pine and
California. The pair took passage late in
the afternoon on a bark bound for Aus
tralia, but owing to light winds were not
able to get more than twenty miles from
port before they were overhauled next
morninp by Judge Pratt, who went in pur
suit with a revenue cutter. At that time
Judge Pratt was presiding over the old
Twelfth District Court. He was a proud
man, soon after resigned, never again
sought a public position, but spent much
of his time at his line rancho "Aquas
Frias," a few miles from Chico, Butte
County. His manager then and for many
years subsequently was K. C. Goodspeed.
According to common report he was an
ardent suitor for Miss Pratt's hand, but
was never favorably welcomed either by
the young woman or her parents.
A short time after this sensational esca
pade, however, he renewed his suit and se
cured the prize, together with a handsome
3umof ready money and a grant of many
broad acres. After living with Goodspeed
for twenty years she secured a divorce and
moved to this City. Her former husband
remains in ButteCounty looking aster his
property and his children's and their
grandmother's interests in the rancho.
Mrs. Pratt, the mother of deceased, died
in February, WJi, and willed most of her
property to General Mansfield, his wife
and sons and Mrs. Cross, his sister-in-law,
all of whom constituted a Los Angeles
household with which Mrs. Pratt spent
the last nine years o: her iife.
Mrs. Goodspeed successfully contested
her mother's wil! and the suit that resulted
is known as the longest jury trial in South
ern California. It lasted continuously from
i-eptember 10, 18'Jl, to December 1 of last
year. The verdict gave to her about half
the estate of about^a half million dollars
and to the children of her brother, the
late Charles Pratt of Fruityale, the other
half. The property consisted chiefly of
the Aquas Frias rancho.
But her most remarkable legal fight was
in 1893, during her mother's lifetime,
when she sued to declare her mother in
competent and to have a guardian ap
pointed over her estate. During the trial
the charge of embezzling over $100,000 was
made against ex - Lieutenant - Governor
Mansfield, who up to that time had been
looked upon in Los Angeles as a model of
manly and social propriety. The claim
was made that the Mansfields, while keep
ing feeble and incompetent Mrs. Pratt in a
back room at their residence, had appro
priated money from her bank account and
what accrued as rent from her estate.
The rents from the Pratt property
amounted in some years to $150,000, of
which thfl Pratts received a third, while
the farmers retained Ihe balance. Mrs.
Goodspeed was successful in sustaining
her charges.
The Manslields, failing to secure letters
of guardianship over Mrs. Pratt, charged
Mrs. Goodspeed with not having enough
business education and acumen to manage
her mother's estate, and an additional
charge of immorality whs made, the story
of the elopement nearly thirty years be
fore being revived for that purpose. But
the Judge decided in Mrs. Goodspeed'3
favor on both charges.
Then another suit was begun by Mrs.
Goodspeed to enjoin the Manshelds from
disposing of their property, which had
been so largely increased Dy appropriation
from the Pratt estate. During the BUit,
however, the property faded away, and
the defendants were snmmoned to explain
its whereabouts, but refused. After being
ordered to jail for contempt General Mans
field made an explanation. About $10,000
or $ll,000( forming the lost money, he dis
posed of, he had drawn from the bank,
converted into greenbacks and given to
his wife, who dug a hole in the plaster of
the pantry wall, put the money in and
sealed the hole up, but afterward removed
if to rmy attorney's fees, amounting to
$4000, and other expenses of the litigation.
So Mrs. Goodspeed secured none of the
misappropriated money.
When Judge Pratt died In February,
1891 — February was considered a hoodooed
month by Mrs. Goodspeed, as all of her
nearest relatives had died in that month
he left one-fourth of his tfatate in trust, to
be given to Mrs. Goodspeed in seven years.
Only about two weeks ago Judge Gray ol
Butte County decided for Mrs. Goodspeea
that the trust was illegal, and his decision
permitted her to acquire possession imme
diately.
In the very week in which she died Mm.
Goodspeed bad made her final settlement
of her mother's estate and had sent to Los'
Angeles the final accounts as administra
trix preparatory to receiving the inheri
tance.
la February, 1893, Bbc brought suit
in Judge Murphy's court against her hus
band, and was again successful as a legal
contestant, being awarded alimony, coun
sel fees and the charge of the younger chil
dren.
Since the divorce, however, Mr. Good
speed has continued to be her manager, as
was the father-in-law, Judge Pratt, after
his divorce.
Mrs. Goodspeed leaves five children:
Orvilie Goodspeed, Mrs. N. E. Stanford,
of this City> 31r.s- R. B. Snowgrass of Port
land, Or., and Charlie Goodspeed and
Naome Goodspeed, the last being a mere
child.
Thrown From His Team.
Yesterday afternoon Frank Harris was driv
ing a horse attached to a buggy, both the
proDerty of Rev. Father Kirby of St. Agnes
Church, along Page street when the animal
took fright and ran away. He collided with a
milk wagon belonging to Oliver Reynolds,
and was thrown our. Tne runaway animal con
tinued on until he ran the vehicle against a
teleeraph pole, smashing it into splinters. The
team attached to the milk wagon started off,
and in making a turn capsized the wagon,
upsetting all the milkcans an 1 ! contents. Har
ris, who was thrown from the buggy, was
stunned, but not hurt seriously. Botn run
away horses were captured before going very
far.
NEW TO-PAY- AMUSEMENTS.
THE WEATHER IS FINE, SO
Shoot the Chutes and Trip the Trolley!
Afternoon and livening.
ADMISSION 1O CKNT9.
Children (including Merry-Go-Round Kidej, 10c.
SEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.'
— — TO-NIGHT
HOYT'S
Greatest Snccesa, the Stupendous Spec-
tacular Musical Comedy and Mili-
tary Satire,
A
MILK WHITE
FLAG!
A Tribute to Our Citizen Soldiers by One Who
Would Oladly Join Their Kanks If He
Know How to Panoe. •-.
Will be prodno-it exactly an during Its phenomenal
.run at Iloyt's Theater. X. V., with a great cast
ami complete scenic oatflu
BRASS 15 AND!
NEWEST CATCHY MUSIC!
A LAUGHING TRIUMPMt
50 — PEOPLE! 50
>TKICDLfIJIDIR.OOTTLOD«t > C»- li»r.3A.nDrwttOtK>-"
;.":-j- I __l_6NE WEEK ONLY!— —«
COfIIMENCING TO-NIGHT!
MATINEE ON SATURDAY!
The Legitimate Comedian,
EUGENE O'R,OXJK,ICHI,
In the Urpatest of All Irish ComedySramat,
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN !"
J -^ 4 _r^_«~_<^_i->_r>-O_«~i_<~»_<~i_«*-._)~»_i~>jf**i_<— >j~ij~ty-»y^irf"W
A Siory of Irish l-ifo True to Nature.
SPECIAL.— in conjunction with this masalYS
production ■ • • :.•■-< .■ • ■ • .
JOHN I_i. SULiLirVAN,
* Champion tor 12 yean, and
FADDY K.YA2ST,
Ex-Champion of America, will appear In a Thrtt-
Round" Kxhlbltionof Boxing, introduced by
CHAItLES E. (I'AltaON) DAVIES.
March 16 — -"A TEXAS STEEB!" •
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. Ebxestin-e Krelino, Proprietor <& Manager
Everybody Knows That We Will Present
rp * THIS EVENING—— nr»
I-3C THE MERRY OPERA, 3Ht
"TnEHOOLAH!" |
O BRIGHT MUSIC! O
Xj "THE COUNTRY BAND. 11 X-i
A. Lovely Costumes! - . .A.
XX Beautiful Scenery! XX
l Trip ongli the Midway Plaisance."
VEXT OPERA——
"MARZTAXA, I"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
GROVER'S_ALCAZAR.
LAST WEEK AND POSITIVE FAREWELL
W. T. CARLETON
AND HIS—
OPERA COMPANY I
To-night and During the Week,
GRAND DOUBLE BILL!
"THE CHARITY GIRLS"
"THE MZKASO/V
Matinees \Vec!ne*day and Saturday Only
Prices— Night; T 75c, sOc, 35c, 2ftc, 15c.
Matinee, 50c, 35c, 25c. 15c.
SUNDAY NEXT,
MATINEE AND NIGHT
THE BARLEY CONTINUOUS SHOW
Commences at OKOVKK'S ALCAZAR.
Resumption of Popular Prices.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
ALTKI4 AIoKOSCO, Sole Lessee and Managtr
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT, ■ r
Grand Production, After Weeks of Preparation, of
<- the Incomparable English Success, .
"THE SILVER KING"
Without a Solitary Exception ;v.v
"The Greatest Drama of the Century."
. Evkniko Fbicks— 2so and SOo. - • ■
Family Circle and GaUerr. 10&
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell etreet. Between stoefcton and PawsC
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
MORE EXTRAORDINARY ATTRACTION
NEW TO SAN FRANCISCO!
CHAB. 18. \A7".A.X J l-XD T
The famous Singer, Song-writer and Mouologulst.
THBATHOS FAMILY, .
Tn« Greatest Acrobatic Quintet In the World.
Betnrn Engagement, lor One WeeK Only, of
RACHEL WALKBR,
The Celebrated Creole Nightingale,
And Our Peerless Vaudeville Company,
B*served seats, 25c; Balcony, lUo; Optra oaaln
and Box seats, 50c. • • .
. THE AUDITORIUM,
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.'
Frledlander, Uottlob & ( o. Lessees and aianagtrs
TO-NIGHT .
Last performance Tomorrow (Tuesday) Xrenlngh
DO NOT FA'L TO SEE
The Wonder Of the Nineteenth Century,
In Her Amusing, Mysterious and Wonderful E»-
. ■ tertainment, >. :■ '
SO3VE3NTOXjI3IXrOTr t
Popular Prices— lsc, 250 and 50c.
THE AUDITORIUM.
FBiiDLANUKß,GoxTi.oß&Co.,LeBa«eB<tManagsri
THIS IS THE DAY!
SALE BEGINS THIS MORNING!
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAOI'.DINARYI
' . The Greatest of Them All!
• The World-Renowned Wagnerian Blngsr,
And the Great Bohemian Violin Virtuoso,
FRANZ ONDRICEK!
ISIDORE LTJCKSTONB, Pianist. .'
TWO GRAND CONCERTS— March 12 and 14.
Sate of seats wUI begin this morning at 9 o'clock
at Sherman, Clay <fc Co. 'a. . ■ ■
MACDONOUGH THEATER
: • -■•; (OAKLAND).
——6 Nights and Saturday Matinee——
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
The Favorite Tragedian,
FREDERICK WARDS.
To-n!Kht and Friday evening........" King Lear"
Tuesday evening.............." The Mountebank "
Wednesday evening ....." The Lion's Mouth "
Thursday evening............... ....:. " Virrlnms "
Saturday Matinee..:... ...'... .. ...." Julius Caesar '•
Saturday evening..;... .:...*• Damon and Pythias"
• CHOICE SEATS NOW ON SALE.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
• -March 5, 6, 1, 8, 9, 10 and 11.
BICYCLE TOURNAMENT
AND CYCLE SHOW
OVER $3000 IN PRIZES !
' BICYCLE GIVEN AWAY EACH
NIGHT AS A GATE PRIZE.
ALL THE CRACKAJACKS
CONTEST IN THE RACES.
ALL PRINCIPAL DEALERS COM-
PETE IN THIS CYCLE SHOW..
Admission— Afternoon 250, Evenlns 500
.Children Under ia Half Price.
PACIFIC CO AST
JOCKEY CLUB
: . • (Inglcside Track).
I FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
- (RAIN r OR ; SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 .P. fl.
ADMISSION 81.00. .
jf,T*kV Stfntnern Pacific trains at Third and Town-
send jtreets.Depot, leaving ftt 12:40 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare lor round trip, including admission to graad
atand, 91. Take .Mission-street electric line direct
to track. >Wvi.:-i-V.'; ■".:. <.:+;■ -y^ r •ici; r **«.-,-l"-..i-.:
"? A. B. SPRKCKELS, W.&LEAKE,
. . President. \; Secretary \-
78
THE DEMANDS
OF PATRIOTISM
True Americans Do Not Con
sider Where a Man
Is Born.
A SECOND ANNIVERSARY
Major Ryan Addresses a Good-
Citizenship Meeting at Met
ropolitan Hall.
THE FUNCTION OF THE SCHOOL.
Nothing Pertaining to Religion, He
Said, Should Be Allowed to
Enter Therein.
Nearly every seat in Metropolitan Tem
ple was tilled yesterday by an audience
desirous of listening to Major 'l'. C. Ryan's
discourse on "Nineteenth Century Patri
otism and Its Demand*."' Chairman
Qoitsow, in openinp the meeting, said:
Americans. Citizens and Friends— This is the ]
second anniversary oi our meeting in this tern
pie. [Applause!.
The state Council of the A. P. A. has held its
election, and I am glnd to say that J'resident
Hudelson has been re-elected without a du
tenting vote. _
It seems that A. P. A. ism is becoming conta- !
gious and our enemies are accusing us of be- ]
coming big-headed.
It has been said that we will no doubt con- |
trol the coming elections of the State of Cali
fornia. I aay we wili do more than this. We
will dictate the policy of good politics for the
State Oi California.
After the singing of "America" by the
audience Rev. Dr. G. A. Kabing led in
prayer, and then the audience sang "Col- j
umbia. the Gem of the Ocean."
Secretary Turner of the A. P. A. Council
of California addressed the meeting briefly
in a patriotic strain, and was followed by !
the- four Cotton children, who rendered
"The Flag" in a wanner to evoke the hearty j
applause of the audience.
W. F. Barnes, tne newly elected treas
nxer of the State Council, made a few re
marks in commendation of the newly
elected officers of the council and con- ':
eluded by singing "Hold the Fort," adapted
to the sentiments of the A. P. A.
Major T. C. Ryan's appearance elicited
long and hearty applause. He opened his
address by saying:
I have been asked to explain what I under
stand as an Irish patriotic American. I know j
no *uch man. I hope the time will soon come !
when we will know no Irisn-Amenean, no
German-American, no Italian-American, no '■
French-American. When a man comes from a \
foreign country and becomes a citizen of this [
country he should lose «11 iureign identity. I
Mill say this, however, that an Irishman who
gives his allegiance to Rome has denational
ized himself. That is all 1 need to say on that
point. Whoever heard in Ireland of an Ameri- :
can-Irishman? Whoever heard in German) of
an American-German? A true American loves
only' this country find all its institutions, lie
an American, then, by driving out that senti
ment of the Romanists that me public scnoois
are not a proper educator oi our children.
He referred to people who would not
blacken their boot? on Sunday, but who
would not hesitate to blacken their neigh- ;
bor's character, and others who thought it
wrong to shave on Sunday, but would an- '
hesitatingly shave their neighbors of their
last dollar." He said these people might
he opposed to these Sunday meetings, but
he hoped the gatherings would go on tiil
the words of Father Yorke came true. and
a great victory was won by the A. P. A. in j
the coming election.
Continuing, he said: "I have come to
■peak on 'Nineteenth Century Patriotism j
an>i Its Demands.' We are endeavoring to ;
demonstrate to-day that there is only one
Government tit to exist — one of the people, I
by the people and for the people.' We
have twice defended this idea on the field
of battle and have twice shot to death the
idea of divine right to rule." He contin
ued thus:
No Government has ever done so much for
the welfare ol mankind and toe advancement
Oi woman as the American Government. There
is a good deal of talk about the new woman.
J don'i know what is meant by that, it is
simply the same old woman reasserting her
self. But 1 know this— tnat no one is better
equipped than the women to strike at Rome.
Taking Dp another idea, he said:
We must remember that among our 70,000,
--00<> of people we have been receiving the
worthy and unworthy of all lands. And to
day these onwortny have so strong a hand on
our interests that ii I want my boy to learn to
be a machinist I must go to somerecent immi
grant from Ireland and ask his influence to
carry out my plan. I protest against this-. This
is wrong ancl me end of this nineteenth cen
tury demands that thi° be righted.
We must put over this unworthy crowd the
little red schoolbouse, and we must see to it
that in that little red school there is no reli
gion taught except thut which teaches love for
that beautiful Hag which represents ireedom.
He protested against the schoolhouses
being ds.corated with picture* of St. Peter
and other ecclesiastical individuals or suo
jects and advocated the use of the por
traits of the great patriots and statesmen
and benefactors of the country, adding:
An American girl educated in the public
schools of our country is better than all t tie
nuns in a convent. Any boy educated in our
colleges and universities is far better than all
the baretoote'i monks mentioned in history.
True Americans care not where a man is
born. Let a man be but true, let him learn
something of the history of our flag, and, then
be loyal to it.
He spoke of the reconciliation of the
North and South and declared that the
South was now as one with the North in
its fight against Romanism.
"We want," he said, "not only men of
moral courage in politics, but we want
men of moral courage in the pulpits of
our country." He added that many were
afraid to join the A. P. A. because of the
boycott they feared they would be sub
jected to. "We want men,"' he said, "in
the pulpit and behind the counters who
will fight Romanism on every occasion."
He thanked (iod for the few in the pulpit
who dared to fiuht for what he termed
"Protestantism and good government,"
and mentioned the names of Dr. Henry,
Key. Donald M. Ross and Rev. Dr. W. W.
Case, each name being in turn greeted
with hearty applause. He proceeded as
follows:
The nineteenth century requires men who
arc- not afraid to attack Rome; not afraid to
protect or.r free institutions. We measured
the loyalty of our people during the war by
their ability to do, not their ability to say "l
never knew a man who did not haVe the abil
ity to say. What we now want are men who
will do.
We ought to place but ljttle faith in Rome's
extiressions of loyally until she desists from
her opposition to our public schools. Now, if
Rome is loyal to the little red school, why did
she at Boston on the 4th of July spUatitand
tnrctw brickbats at it ? Loyalty" to any institu
tion is not manifested in this way.
"Rome says she believes in free thought
and religious freedom," he remarked, and
quoted from a Catholic author who de
clared that free thought was sinful and
simply nonsense. lie commented on thi9
as follows :
Then I want to live in the realm of nonsense
forever. The Romanists are anxious for re
ligious freedom in the United Slates, but what
arc they doing in South America? If I want to
indulge in religious freedom in any of those
countries I must conceal myself where I can
be nei ther heard nor seen.
Catholicism is the most intolerant of creels.
Cardinal Gibbons says that of necessity Ca
tholicism must be intolerant, as truth must
always be intolerant of error.
Patriotism of the nineteenth century de
aiands that the Romanist manner of wrong
fully raising money in this country must
cease.
He referred to the practice of the priests
in obtaining money for delivering souls
from purgatory by means of masses, and
declared tins "to be nothing less than
obtaining money under false pretenses,
and added that those who induleed in this
practice deserved a place behind prison
bars. "We know." he continued, "that
the inexorable law of Rome is high money,
high mass: low money, low mass; no
money, no mass." [Laughter.]
He "spoke of Cardinal Gibbons' speech at
the World's Congress at Chicago, in which
it was claimed that the church of Rome
.was the light of the world. "Why is it
then," asked the speaker, "that in Central
America, Mexico and South America,
where there is a population of 30,000.000
people, 17,000,000 cannot read or write? I
do not want such a light to 3hine on my
pathway."
He denounced the institution of the
confessional box, and read a communica
tion from a Catholic priest in which the
JattPr stated that there had never been a
Judas in the confessional box, and that
then: was no law and no power that could
compel the violation of the confidence
placed in the priests. "If I had my way,"
commented Major Ryan, "I would make a
law that would abolish the confessional
box and would see that there was a power
to compel a priest to testify in the in
terests of justice, or make him spend his
aays in prison. "
DR. YORK'S LECTURE.
A Protest Against Grover Clevelan
as a Missionary for the West.
Dr. J. L. York entertained a large audience
at Scottish Hall last evening on the subject of
"(iods and Ghosts of Superstition," with a pre
lude on President Cleveland as a missionary
for the wide and 'woolly West, upon which he
substantially as follows:
You will all remember that on last fumlay
evening we tiied to make it clear to you that
Romanism was not the only church that is in
politics, seeking to infuse itself into the .State
and Government of our country; but that vari-
ous branches of the Protestant Christian
church, under the various titles of the National
Reform Association, or God-in-the-Constitution
party, Sabbath Observance I'nion, the Y. M. C.
A., the CUrittian Endeavor and several other
Protestant societies having the avowed pur
pose to infuse ecclesiastical influence into the
state, and as shown by the protest of \V. S.
Linton in Congress recently, in a tabulated
statement showing the large amounts of money
drawn from our Government by Catholics,
Methodists, Piesbyterians, Baptists and other
Protestant sects for the support of sectarian
schools in our country.
Last Sunday night our lecture might be
termed the religions cocoanut, as being peeled
by Father Yorke, D. Ross and others in the A.
P. A. contest, now raging in The Call, to show
that the Roman Christian church is disloyal
to the principles of oar free Government and
popular education.
And to emphasize our lecture of last Sunday
o-n the religions conspiracy of the Protestant
sects to pulldown Romanism with one hand
and substitute the Protestant re.'igion with
The other hand we call your attention, in our
prelude this evening, to the attitude of Presi
dent Cleveland, in a speech before the Home
Missions iv Society of the Presbyterian Church
of New York, on last Tuesday evening, and re
corded in the Pan Practised Call of last Thurs
day morning; and we wish that all of our au
ditors would read that pungent editorial in
THE Call of Thursday morning. And the at
titude oi President Cleveland, if it proves any
thing, goes to intensify the significance of our
last Sunday's recture and is. in fact, the milk
in the religious cocoanut.
And the fact that President Cleveland
should carry the dignity of this Nation as its
chief executive into a Presbyterian missionary
meeting, ami there, as the President of this
Becnlar Government, based upon a purely sec
ular constitution, stand up and urge the great
importance of religious instruction for th<*
wide and woolly West, shows that, instead of
administering faithfully upon our Federal con
stitution, he has joined" hands with the Pres
byterian propaganda of Protestant religion in
the West to uplift the 'vicious criminal ele
ment," "bndly regulated municipalities."
"corrupt and unsafe Territories" and "prevent
the developing of undesirable States." All of
this religious nonsense about a country of
which he knows little, having never thrusthis
nose west of the Missouri River, is only another
scrnp of evidence that the man Cleveland is
a.ftiieted with a softenlrtg of the brain or else
an autocrat and traitor to the constitution of
our country, and utterly unfit in heart or head
to reflect the principles of a iree and loyal
people.
And the time cpnnot arrive too soon when
this intemperate, bloated spawn of a degener
ate Democracy will be relegated to his native
oblivion, and his memory execrated by all save
the goldbugs and monopiies, which have found
in him a pliant tool with which tooverride the
natural rights of the poor, weak and defense
less masses of our people. And, if we mistake
not. -trie election of 1890 will be an old-time
Lincoln verdict, so sweeping as to be unmis
takable against Cleveland and his unrighteous
administration of selfishness and greed.
As a rule it may uot be in the best of taste to
speak so disparagingly of our Chief Magistrate.
But we have no reverence. for a man who in
cold blood can belittle the West, and bo degrade
his high om'ce as to promote the religious en
terprise of the Presbyterian church in sending
religious instruction to the heathens of the
West. This man Cleveland is a miscarriage of
civil authority, a burlesque on true.Democracy
and a most fitting head center for Christian
Apaism. .
And The <'aix most fitly observes "that
President Cleveland is only one of a numerous
dam whom, as the head of" a great Nation, he
should have rebuked for Sectarianism and
disloyalty, instead of helping to fan the flame
of false patriotism and sectarian prejudice in
their, suicidal attempt to spread their Chris
tiaiiisnis over the country and into our
schools, and holding up the West as being
dishonest in trying to defraud capital and as
opposed to honest moirey : r set of rascals who
dare to lift their voice against the iniquity of
bond sharps and goldbug thieves who have
laid tribute upon the honest toil of this coun
try under the pretext of honest money, (ireat
God, can it be probable that such a monster of
greed as Cleveland has shown himself to be
can be of any good, use to the Presbyterian
church, claiming as it does to be the follower
of the meek and lowly man of Nazareth, who
had not where to lay "his devoted head? • * *
And day by day as we watched the contest
in The Call between the Roman and Prot
estant church, for, disgnise it as they may,
any one with but half an eye can see the true
significance of this religious war is to down
Rome. But as we have said before, when
Some is down Christianity is also down, never
to rise again. But after the wreck honesty,
goodness and truth will bless the world. And
if we believed that God founded Christianity
and made a revelation of his will in the Nev;
Testament, and established his church with
the means to perpetuate itself, how can we say
consistently that the church of God and the
Bible, if his revealed will should not be su
preme in every phase and walk of life, and
we challenge refutation by any honest Chris
tian believer in the NewTestmeni scriptures
and traditions of the Christian church.
How does it seem to *ay that the eternal God
with his revealed will may come into the
church and Sunday-school and family and
prayer meeting, but keep him out of the State
and public schools, and that too with no better
r.-ason than that a portion of tbe people hav
ing r i <? h t £ In the school do not believe in the
Christian (iod?
SMASHING BLUEROCXS.
J. 8. Fanning Breaks t h«- Coast Record
With 78 Straight Singles.
The first regular monthly shoot of the
season of the Olympic (inn Club was held
yesterday in the Oakland racetrack, near
Bhell Mound. It gave J. S. Fanning an
opportunity to show that he is as good on
bluerocks as live birds, and, iurther, an
opportunity to break the coast record in
that line. The main match for the ciub'9
class medals was at 25 singles from known
traps at unknown angles. After this
match was tinished Fannine went on
shooting in pool contests and did not stop
breaking the flying disks until he had de
molished 78 straight. This broke the
coast record of 51 straight, which by the
way was his own record made last month.
The medal winners yesterday were:
Champion clasp, J. S. Fanning; first class,
I. li. Bekeart; second class, 6. F. Hughes.
The records of yesterday's shoot are here
given, the "c," 1 and 2, standing for the
champion, first and second classes:
J. S. Fanning, c.. 25; C. Nanman. c, 24 ; M.
O. Fendner, c,; 2fc P. B. liekeart. 1,23: H. ('.
Uolcher, c, 22; H. H. White, 1, 21; .1. X, Car
roll, 1, 20; A. Webb, c, 20; W. J. C.ok-her. c,
18; C. A. Height, c, 18; F. Fendner, 1, 18; A.
Jackson, 1. 10; \V. J. Hynes, 1, 15; R.H. I.id
dle, 1, 15: S. F. Hughes, 2, 15; Pool, 2,14; S.
Vernon. 2, 14; L. D. Owens, 2, 14; H. Justing,
2 14; F. Vernon, 1, 12; M. (alien, 1, 12;
H. Vernon, 2, 10; Blaire, 2, y ; D. Perrone, 2,
6; J. E. Peterson, 2, 13.
Sevres china is remarkable for its
splendid gilding, extraordinary whiteness
and elegance of shape and taste. The
mauufactories oi Sevres are near to Paris.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
FATHER YORKE
TO THE A. P. A.
Answers the Resolution of
Sam Jones to Fur
nish Names.
THE BALANCE OF POWER
Major Ryan Confronted With His
His Former Utterances
at Boston.
INDEPENDENCE OF THE STATE.
The Order of Jesuits in the Early
History of California— The
Orangemen.
The Rev. Father P. C. Yorke sends the
following communication :
To the Editor of the Call— Dkar Rtr: I remark
that a delegate from Mono County who rejoices
in the name of Sam Tones— what is his father's
name deponent knoweth not — intends to pre
sent me with the names of the State otneerg of
the A. P. A., together with the photographs of
the same. I beg to assure this generous per
son that the proposal is altogether superfluous.
Ten minutes after the delegates had been
seated the names of every one in the conven
tion could have been had for the asking. To
borrow the words of a certain Kastern editor,
there is not an A. P. A. in California whom you
could not buy for a clean paper collar and a
drink of whisky.
As to the ph'olographs of the State officers I
beg to protest, and to protest most vigorously.
I have no use for a rogue's gallery. If the
proposition had been to present the photo
graphs to Chief Crowley there might have been
some sense in it. However, even that too
might be superfluous.
There is, perhaps, no use to which I could put
the photographs. I imagine that if they were
published Vim appended biographies the book
would make interesting leading. For instance,
the opinions of Captain Spear on his successful
rival, State Treasurer Burnes, would look pretty
in print, and the record of Benjamin Hudel
son in the Order of the Native Sons would ex
plain oceans of things about the A. P. A.
It might be impossible to print this latter
gentleman's biography, but I remark that the
Sacramento Bee of March 5 has made a begin
ning on that Little Kead Patriot M. T. Brewer:
M. T. Brewer, the man elected secretary, v.-asfor
many yean a resident of this city, a member of
the fruit shipping firm of M. T. Brewer & Co. The
failure of the firm cost a loss of many thousands
of dollars to the fruit-growers Of this section. A
sear'.-h 01 the great register fails to find his name
registered as a voter during the years he resided
here. Many people who know him well wonder if
lie has forsworn allegiance to the Brlthish crown
and become an American citizen. It is no: likely
he has and a search of the great register fn the
county in which he resides would likely disclose
that fact.
If the Bee had known as much as some peo
ple know about the commercial history of
New Brunswick the fruit growers of the Sacrn
mento district might not have fared so badly.
THE STRENGTH OF THE A. P. A.
I remark also that the delegates seem to be
very much pleased with an extract from the
Monitor which B. F. Huilelson read to them.
On the motion of a personage known to fame
as V allow 'oons — Great Phoebus, what a
name!— so,ooo copies of the extract are to be
distributed among the members. It i» rather
a sad commentary DO Professor Hudelson's
attempts at literature that his wonderful
thirty-nine articles have not been deemed
worthy of perpetuation. However, I would
suggest that the following paragraphs from
the same page of the Monitor should be added
to round out the piece that took the fancy of
the A; P. A.
For instance, the following description of
the appearance of the delegates might be of
interest to the rural regions:
The 10-oent lo<l«insr-hoiwesare filled to overflow
ing ami UM doggeries are doing a rousing trade.
The demand for oluap whisky and paper-collars
has exjierienoed a sudden and startling increase.
The number of suspicious characters who are seen
prowling about doorways, dodging round corners,
diving into alleys bas almosr demoralized the
nerves of .the police. No one knew in the begin
ning what was t!ie cause of these unwelcome
symptoms. But now the secret Is out. The apes
are holding the Stale convention of their glorious
order.
Ttie next two paragraphs I am afraid are too
flattering. Still the patriots who have set out
to save the country may not have their mod
esty materially injured by a peep into the
looking-glass of history:
This is the hour of the bigots and of the beetle
browed. From Sisklvoti to San DiegO they hare
gathered like the Goths of old to the sack, of Rom*-.
'J he majority come from the most backward aud
unenlightened districts. Their looks betray them
aa the "I'agani" of later days. When of old, Chris
tianity was -conquering the world it first con
verted the cities. The ancient superstitions lin
gered longest in the country districts. Hence the
name of countryman or Pagan became a synonym
for the devotee of idolatry, Just as in later times
the name heath-man was contracted into our Kng
lish word, heathen.
History repeats itself. Modern heathenry is th«
A. P. A. Men rude and uncultured are us main
stay. Delivered over to the judicial blindness of
bigotry ,• they believe; ; everything. thHt knaves
cboose tp tell them. Endowed by nature wi:h the
talents of a cart horse, their dull minds cannot
comprehend the first principles of civil and re
ligious liberty. Credulous, os the Ignorant always
are. they Imagine ■ that theJr society is about to
lift them into place and power where they can loot
the public treasury with the same success which
has distinguished the operations of so many of
them on the purses of v their friends. Tn fact, they
are just the material that knaves desire to handle
and that traitors can turn to the public ill.
It might be too much to expect that the ac
companying veracious description of the ma
chine would v .c popular with the Friends.
Still it may do them good to see themselves as
others pee them :
This is precisely the reason why the A. P. A. Is
such a dangerous (actor in our politics. ' It Is a ma
chine directed by; a boss.'; The advisory bounl or
ders the members how to vote, and the members
have no.choice between candidates. : They surren
der their American, privilege. of choosing their
rulers into the hands of men whose names they Oo
not know, whose faces they havo never seen, with
whose characters they have not the slightest ac
quaintance. .. V •'-'■ • - •
"i lie sole object which they wish to obtain is one
which the constitution expressly forbids. They
hope to exclude Catholics from office, and not only
Catholics, bht l'rotestants in anyway suspected of
friendship for Catholics. To gain this object they
surrender their manhood and their. Americanism:
It is but just that those wbo propose to violate the
constitution should be driven to methods execrated
by all honest men. ; . . .
What the Monitor said about the strength of
the A. P. A. is undoubtedly true. If Ameri
cans do not arouse themselves -to its true na
ture it will hold the balance of power. I , To ac
complish this great 'awakening the circulation
of these 50,000 copies will - be ■of material '. as
sistance. Thinking men will Inevitably reason
as the Monitor reasons in the paragraph which
immediately followed and - which B. F. ilu
delson did not read:
. It cannot be denied that this i.i a serious outlook
and ;it behooves all who have the interests |of the
community at heart to fa£e ft. It would be a last
ing disgrace to California if any body of men could
force on the State jx-iial laws which all other na
tions Iwvp rejected. Yet as things now stand this
disgrace is Inevitable. : Klght here, however, let us
say that we have no particular love for the Indi
vidual known as th«*. Catholic politician. ■ The | rp
ligious afUlialio -r of any candidate should have no
influence whatsoever on'hls election and the Cath
olic politician is just us disgreeable a. person as the
Protestant politician or the intlriel i olitician.
- Hence ■ when . sneaking of the A. P. A. we have
not the slightest n sire to help . into ollice any man
b cause of his religions faith. We are only op
posed to those who would keep men out of oflice.
because they profess a particular creed. We be
lieve that the man who goes before the people and
demands ' 1 hoir suffrages because he is a church
member and the man who refuses to vote for a
candidate because that candidate is a church mem
ber are both un-American. ' - • .•■• •:■• . ..
As I shall t>e absent from the City for a few
weeks I may as well attend now to some of the
most vociferous of the patriot*. A certain
Major Ryan deserves first mention. This
"military gentleman" has been haranguing
the "Friends" at 10 cents a harangue. Even
D. M. Ross did not (to do him justice) come
down so low. With him it was two bits or
nothing. That Ryan is cheaper than Ross is
description sufficient for the people of this
town.
Fame is as silent on the military achieve
ments of "Major" Ryan as it is on the military
achievements of '"Major" Sherman. However
he possesses all the qualifications of an A. P.
A. orator. His sublime Indifference to truth
and shame would not be unworthy of Dr. Case.
His morals are as unimpeachable as those of
B.F. Hudelson.
He has, it is true, refrained from speaking
about Catholic women during his stay here or
the papers have refrained from printing his re*
marks. .' Evidently he has been posted that the
indulgence in such sentiments is a very un
healthy pastime in our glorious climate. But
last summer his language was not so chas
tened. 1 have before me the words he used at
an A. P. A. barbecue 'near Boston. As usual
these words are unfit to print. They stamp
Ryan as one of the blackguards who should • be
lashed;naked through the streets.
: ; A8 USUAL,' A FORGERY. 
Prevented from engaging in ; his most con
renial < occupation, the war upon women, this
"military gentleman" turned his attention to
the Pope. In the report of his lecture on
Marcn 1, I read the following:
The speaker took up the Encyclical of Novem
ber 7, 1886, and quo ed the following, which he
said appeared In it ■ • "Every Catholic; should rln-
Wly adhere to the teaching-* 'of '»c Koman Pontiff,
eapeclally in ; matters of modern liberty, which,
under the semblance of honesty of purpose, leads
to destruction." ■. ' ■ - ■ •,
"Tue man who can Indorse that," continued the
speaker, "ought never be allowed to leave his own
dooryard without a guide." The speaker objected
to another passage of the Encyclical, as follows:
"All Catholics should exert their power to cau
the constitution of the State in which they live IO
be modeled on tl>e principles of the true church."
After the experience of the past fourmontbs
the public need not be Informed '
1. There is no encyclical of November 7,
18St). * * - . ■ .
'2. There- is an encyclical of November 1,
1885, but these .words do not appear In it.
From that encyclical I have quoted * half a
dozen- times in this controversy to show that
ihe Catholic church teaches the independence
of the state in civil affairs and the independ
ence of the church in matters of religion. As
usual, the A. P. A. can only thrive on forgery.
ANOTHER SPECIMEN.
"The speaker charged also that in another
letter in February, 1890, it is laid down that
Romanists are bound not only to believe what
the Pope teaches ex-cathedra, but they must
also f»ccept|and obey whatsoever the I'ope com
mandp."
Concerning this charge permit me to state
that"
1. There Is no letter of February, 1800.
2. There is a letter of January 10, 1800, but
(here is no such statement contained: in it.
The Pope was writing on the du lies of Catho
lics as citizens and he explained at length the
power of the church in religious affairs and
the powers of the state in civil affairs. He lays )
donuthelaw that Catholics are bound to be :
subject to their temporal rulers in temporal
matters and to their spiritual rulers in mat
ters which concern eternal salvation. This is
good American doctrine, Kyan to the contrary
notwithstanding.
THE JESUITS.
Then that distinguished American with the
Hibernian name launched out against the
Jesuits, "The Jesuits must go."
l.*t me ask the people of San Francisco
wnat have the Jesuits done that they should
be insulted by every military mountebank Rnd I
clerical ranter whom fools mar go to near. The. j
Jesuits deserve well of California. The earliest |
history of the Stale is linked with their name. I
Almost since the foundation of this City they
have labored in the midst of us. Can any one
point to a single act of theirs, or to a single j
word, which would show that they are not |
loyal citizens and true? Have they intermed- .
died in politics, or in business, or in private
life? Have they not scrupulously attended to I
their own business, to the administration of I
the sacraments and to the education of the |
young? Yet it seems that every obscure vaga- j
bond can pelt them with a dirty stone. Men i
who come to this City only in search of the j
nickels of bigotry can insult those who have !
given their talents, their iortune, their whole j
lite to the upbuilding of the City. Men with- I
out standing in their own community can j
come into this and wag their tongues at I
learned professors and holy priests whose i
names are household words among our people, j
01 course the vast majority pay as much at- j
tention to these utterances us theydotothe!
caterwaulings of the nocturnal cat, but the
true nature of the organization which hires •
itinerant slanderers like Kyan may be well I
understood from the calumnies which he f
heaps on good men and true.
Let me state here now as emphatically as I
may that the Jesuits have as much right-in
this country as Major Ryan and the foreign I
crew which hires him to do its dirty wors. ,
They are not here on the sufferance of any j
man or of any organization. They are here i
because the constitution guarantees them the
right to be here, and as long as the constitu
tion stands they shall stand, too. Their name j
U indelibly impressed upon this continent.
The unnaturalized Canadian Traynor is striv
ing to exclude from the Pantheon of America
the statue of the Jesuit Father Marquette, the
discoverer of the West.
WUy does he not try to erase from nature
the lakes Marquette made known to the world,
the rivers which, the tirst of the whites, he
traveled in his bark canoe? Why does he not
try to strike from the map the countless names
which the Jesuits first wrote, and the shadow
of their cross, which falls upon two-thirds of
the States?
The Jesuits need thank no man that they
have rights under the United States constitu
tion. It was a Jesuit, John Carroll, who se
cured the neutrality of the French Canadians
on our borders. It was the same John Carroll
who was more instrumental than any other
man in gaining the intervention of France.
At a time when the I'nited Empire men, the
ancestors of the Traynors and Brewers and
Rosses, were lighting against liberty or taking
to ihe Canadian woods, the Jesuits in America
were standing tofretiier as one man in the
cause of freedom and the defense of human
rights.
The Jesuits shall not gq. As long as justice
lives in the hearts of Americans the Jesuits
shall remain. As long as gratitude exists for
meritorious services and noble lives and good
examples the Jesuits" shall stay. When the red
rag ot bigotry shall float in the place of the
stars ar.d stripes, when the American people
shall foiget their history and the traditions of
the fathers, when the bat shall have overcome
the eagle and the blind owl shall be our sym
bol, then, and not till then, shall the Jesuits go!
ORANUEIBM.
"That bright star of truth in the northern
part of Ireland," is the way in which Ryan
alludes to Ulster. It is but fitting that an
orator who appeals to the pockets of the A. P.
A. should laud the land of Orangeism. Every
one knows that the bacKbone of the A. P. A. is
formea by the Orangemen. President Traynor
is grand master of the Loynl Orange Lodges of
Canada— loyal to her Gracious Majesty Queen
Victoria. The conduct of the A. P. A. during
tha late difficulty with England demonstrates
that that society is only another .scheme to
divide this country. The tools which the
British agents use put this out of doubt,- for
the Irish and the Canadian Orangemen, are
the most rabid members of the A. P. A.
TIIK IRISH ORANGEMAN.
Irish Orangeixni is a mule among nationalities. •
It is without pr.de of aneestrv or hope of posterity.
It lias no country to love, no principles to serve. !
Kent into Cistern's an Knglish garrison it lost one I
nationality without Raining another. The country
of which it la the curse hnUS it and the country of
which it is the tool scorns it. Never yet dirt it
take the field that it was not beaten, never did it
trust to a politician that it was not sold. It Is mighty
in beating a bin drum snd tirlnjr oft" pistols tnsi-nre
women and children, but It has never been known |
to stand up twfore men. In civil affuirs its favor- ;
ite weapon Is that of the jawbone of an i
ass. but unlike the case of Samson the uss is j
alive and the lion trots off uninjured. In Ireland j
and out of Ireland the Orangeman is the same, j
blatant and Idiotic. His low brow, his thick wits,
and Ills mongrel brogue identify him as a species
apart like the curs of Constantinople whom no
bouy owns and every one kicks.
THE CANADIAN ORANGEMKN.
The Canadian Orangeman Is a descendant of the
United Empire Loyalists. These were the Tories
of Revolutionary days, and when the American !
army triumphed" they left New York and settled
In Ontario; So loyal were they to Ueorge 111 and i
bo hostiU' to the principles of republicanism that j
they tonld not bear to live beneath the.
stars and stripes. Their progeny still re
tain the same hatred for the symbol of
liberty. Hardly a mo.ith passes that the
papers do not tell us how it is insulted in some
Onlarian village. In no other conn. ry in the wide
world is this possible. It is possible only In 011
--tario because there are gathered the refugees of
the Revolution. The children of the ttritlsh spies
and the descendants of the Hessian mercenaries,
they boast of a noble and a loyal stock. No won-!
der the sisht of the stars and stripes stirs them j
to mutiny. It taunts them with that bitterest ;
taunt— failure. And when they are compelled j
to come under its protection Is it any wonder th«y ■
strive to injure it? Their one ambition is to
humble it, and If they cannot doit by force from
without they will succeed by treason from within.
The one great truth for which that flag stands is
equal rlifhts for a'l. The aim of the Canadian Or
angeznan is tn bring that great truth to nnught.
He will sow here sectarian 1 hatred: he will set
brother against brother; he will array class against
class. When the evil lurrows have been sown nnd
the dragons' teeth have sprung into armed men he
will shout for joy that his forbears have been
avi-ngeU.
VT.STER.
To men like these was Ryan catering when
he denominated Ulster as a star of truth. I am
sick ana tired of hearing about Ulster, its pros
perity and its learning, from every preacher
who knows enough to be ignorant. Let me
state here that in everything whiCjh marks the
prosperity of people Ulster is not st the head
of Ireland. There are four provinces, and in
wealth, in comfort, in enlightenment Leinster
and Munster stand before her, while in wealth
she is last of all.
The British census of 1890 is my authority.
To begin with "enlightenment." Of course
everybody knows that "enlightenment" is the
peculiar prerogative of the members of the
Orange lodges. No one who has ever seen the
heavy-faced followers of the pious William on
one of their July jamborees could doubt this
truism. Ulster certainly must lead in the
matter of education, and very likely the census
returns have been manipulated by "Rome's
nand" if they tell a different tale. However,
here are the figures. Out of every 100 persons
the number of .those who read and write is in
Leinster : 74.6
Mu niter ; 71.7
Ulster 70.7
(Jon naught 61.8
These are the figures for 1890 and they give
"enlightened" Ulster the superiority over poor,
mountainous Connaught. The twp Catholic
provinces of Leinster and Munster lead Pro
testant Ulster in this test of education fur
nished by the three "R's."
As to civilization, we have several means of
judgine the relative positions of the North and
south. The countries of the United Kingdom
manage to struggle along under an income tax.
The returns from the collectors give, as i.oth
ing else can. an idea of the wealth of the four
provinces of Ireland. According to the re
turns for 1889-90 we tind that duty was
charged in
Lelnsteron $1,285,120
Ulster on 722,940
Munster on '. 634.125
Counaught on 181,575
So that instead of Ulster leading in wealth it
makes a bad second to Popish Leinster, while
Munster, the stronghold of the Celtic clans,
gives it a close run for even that position.
Moreover, when we consider the per capita
distribution of this wealth, the "civilization"
of the prosperous Irish province gets a further
setback.
For each inhabitant—
Leinster returns $52 43
Minister returns 34 62
Ulster letnrns ". , 30 69
Connau^lit returns 17 8V
Again, instead of leading all the other prov
inces by virtue of its Protestantism, Ulster goes
down to the third place to keep company with
the benighted papistry of Connaught.
Let us take another means of ascertaining
the relative "'civilization" of the divis
ions of Ireland. ■ The census tables divide the
agricultural holdings into three classes. The
methods of division depend upon valuation
for purposes of taxation. Those which are
rated between $500 and $1000 form one class,
those between $1000 and $1500 a second, and
those over $1500 a third. Let us now see the
number of these holdings in the four provinces
and we can form a good idea of the condition
at least of the farming population.
ver *600 ovcr«I00(
under undPr
$IUOU. 916UU
overslsoo
V
einstfr ;...
lunster
ister
49,341
60,250
44,241
12,601
21, 38*2
15,549
1a,623
"4,925
88.313
22,968
16,358
11.427
onnaugb ,
Ulster again takes the third place. The same
ssult is obtained if we compare the holdings
y acres instead of by valuation.
HOLDINGS OF.
>>I > >
n -2 --Si. 11l
c o-c o M : «
•:g. : o : c ;1
■ o ■ c ■ c • S
mister
■\
ister
Of course Ulster has the glorious satisfaction
of beating Connaught, so we need not give the
figures for that province, but the strange
thing is that while we are sick and tired of
hearing about the prosperous Protestants of
the North, we never hear cf their vastly more
numerous but equally prosperous Catholic
countrymen of the South.
The position, of Ulster is made still more
plain it we consider how the holdings rated
over $100 are divided among the counties.
There are thirty-two counties in Ireland, and
of these nine : belong to Ulster. Taking now
the ratings of over $100 we find that for every
1000 persons . •■••■'
Dublin ha3.... ......... G4 Tipperary..............50
Mi'ath ..,.......B3 Wexf0rd.......: 49
Kilkenny ......59 Klldare ........ 48
Wiekloiv., 68 Limerick .........46
Westmeath.... '...... '..54 Queens : ..:.45
Carlow 51 1 I/0wn...... : 44
C0rk......... ....50
Down is the first Ulster county which ap
pears on the list, and we find it only in the
thirteenth place. Antrim, the next highest
of the Protestant counties, is sixteenth, Fer
managh is seventeenth, while Derry, about
which we hear so much, disputes the "twenty
third place with Clare. , . ■
Another test of civilization is the character
of the dwellings uf the people. The census has
divided the house accommodation of Ireland
into four classes. The first class is, of course,
much the same all the world over, but what
the fourth class is only those who have seen
the novels in which .Irish landlordism houses
its serfs can imagine. The following table
shows the percentage of house accommodation
for the four provinces.
class.
2(1 class.
class. '4th
ier....
ter
7.4
6.1
5.1
3.1
50.9 |
60.2
49.5
41.4
37.7 .
39.1
43 '£
61.8
4.6
6.6
14.2
3.7
One would imagine that the prosperous Pro
testants of the North would have at least
decent house accommodation, but the table
shows that their tastes run to those dwellings
which are but one remove from the hog pens.
The Catholics of Leinster and of Munster are
vastly better housed than their "civilized"
brethren of the "black" north.
Finally, to take ud the question of morality,
the difference here is so stupendous that it
will hardly be bei'eved. The percentage of
illegitimacy in Ireland is the lowest in the
world. Scandinavia stands the highest in this
immoral record. Of "2714 children born in
one year in Stockholm 1137 were illegitimate.
In Ireland the percentage varies from 1.3 to
0.2. The 1.3 comes from Catholic Connaught,
while the 6.2 .belongs to Protestant and moral
T'lster. The next time Major Ryan speaks
about Ulster he must not forget to mention
these instructive facts.
THE WOKLD'R FAIR.
Ryan's mendacity is cosmopolitan. Every
country in the world contributes something to
his stock. Perhaps, however, the most auda
cious of all is his description of the flag-rais
ing at the World's Fair.
I wag present at the Roman Expositi on at Chi
cago, commonly known as the World's Fair. I re
member the day when the President of the
United States opened this exposition by one of the
most patriotic speeches 1 ever listened to. 1
I believe this speech will be handed down for
generations to come as a classicof American patri
otic literature.
Cleveland said in the course of this speech: "The
best of all is we educate people in America who are
able to govern themselves."
lie then planted his thumb on the button that
set in motion the machinery of the great exposi
tion. When this was done flags began climbing
the flagstaff*, but the hist flag thai rose was a
flag of no country— the pupal flag; the second the
flag of Spain : the third Old Glory.
If Ryan was present at the sTeene he describes
he must have been taking something to trouble
his eyesight. The flags to which he refers
were the three flags of the court of hono r and
the Papal flag was not- among them. I was
present at the opening of the fair and saw the
flags go up. There was a tall staff on which
flew the Stars and stripes and there were two
smaller start's bearing not flags but banners —
the standard of Spain and the admiral's stand
ard of Coluh.dus These two flags were first
hoisted simply because the poles were short.
The American llag had to be hoisted thre«
times as hieh and it required no machinations
of the Jesuits to delay its ascent*
What humbugs Ryan and his audience must
be to swallow suc'u'stuff as that. Asa matter
of fact the man who had charge of the flags
was as big a crank as Ryan on the subject of
flags. Every one remembers the row there
was about hoisting the green flag on Irish day.
WASHINGTON.
In his argument against immigration— and
considering that he is the son of an immigrant
I am coming to the belief that it is time to re
strict it— Ryan produced an alleged order of
Washington, "Put none but Americans on
guard to-night." Ido not intend to examine
the authenticity of that document, but Ire
mark, that Kvhii suppresses the second part of
it, "I want the Irish to get their sleep for there
will be fighting to-morrow."
GERMANY.
We learn from this meandering major that
"the German is the best educated man on the
face of the earth."
1 have no fault to find with this aisertion,
but 1 resent the suggestion -that Germany is a
Protestant country or that the Catholics in
Germany are not among the foremost promot
ers of education.
The population of Germany is made up of
29.370,000 Protestants and 16,789,000 Catho
lics. The members of the two religions are
unequally distributed geographically. The
following table gives the religion and- school
attendance for five German states:
Countries.
of PopuL
ISavarla.
7-10 Catholic...
2-3 Catholic
l'rotestant
'2-3 I'rotestnnt..
I'rotPstant
212
'-'06
202
196 ■
190
Baden
saxony
Prussia
Wuprtemberg
I think this is sutticient answer to Major
Ryan.
SCANDINAVIANS.
As becomes an A. P. A. orator the Major was
sweet on the Scandinavians, English, Welsh,
etc. lie related all the evil doings of the
Poles, Hungarians and the Irish, but 1 remark
he made no mention of the Scandinavians and
the Welsh who are annually imported by the
Mormons. If I were engaged in the business
of vilifying my neighbors it would be vety
easy to make a startling story of the condition
of the Scandinavians in the Northwest.
POOR IRELAND.
Like every renegade Ryan is bitter against
the country which his father left for his coun
try's good. He states that when his paternal
relathe arrived on these shores "he lost his
identity." These are unfortunate words.
There are so many people who lose their Men
tity when they go a to foreign land, and there
are so many causes*. Will Major Ryan inform
what did Ms father do? Was it treason or only
sheep-stenliiig?
Poor Ireland lias had many woes, but chief
among them have been her children who dis
honor her name. Her hereditary eutmiesmay
rage against her and speak all manner of evil,
but she can bear it. It is only when the chtlr
dren of the womb Hit up their hands against
her that, like the Lord In the garden, she
falters, Judasl
f Ireland has had her full share of renegades,
very country which Is governed by a foreign
power produces them. But they have not teen
devoid of all shame. Most of them have pre
tended to serve her by serving her enemies— it
is only the lowest of the low and the vilest of
the vile who, like Ryan, come before the pub
lic and glory in their infamy.
Surely an honest name is dragged in the dust
when this alleged Major Ryan stumps it for
the A. P. A. If he had any sense of decency he
would have changed it long ago, if indeed it
ever belonged to him.
However, perhaps it is better that the name
should stick. Like tue shirt of Xessus it is the
only fit punishment. Every one who sees it
spells it Judas, and to the lips of every honest
man come the words of scorn, "Get thee gone
thoa dirty deg who defilest thine ancestors'
graves." p. c. Yorke.
P. S.— l shall be absent from the City for a
few weeks from this date. I have not'culti
vated Dr. Wendte's habit of writing on railroad
cars so I must relinquish all controversy for a
while. However, if anything is said w^'th
noticing I suppose it will keep. P. C. Y.
THE DBUMMER'S DILEMMA.
He Lost Two Customer* by Giving One
Baby Carriage Away.
"I was born under an unlucky star,"
said C. E. Jameson, a Baltimore knight of
the gripsack, to a reporter. "Over in
Maryland there are two men named Curtis
doing business in adjoining towns. One of
them has been a customer of mine, while I
could never sell much to the other one. 1
was told that the one whose trade I wanted
and could not get had been presented by
his wife with twins. A bright idea came
to me. I would seal his trade forever. I
sent him tne best baby carriage I could
buy. Then in a few days I went over
there. He was the maddest man I ever
saw. It seems that he is a b;urhelor, and
everybody in town hnd guyed him.
"Then I went to the other town to see
my customer, and he was mad. It was he
who was father of twin?, ana a rival had
given him a carriage with the information
that he had seen me buy one for another
customer who had a baby. I haven't
straightened it out yet. and" I'm doubtful
if I ever can."— Washington Star.
BICYCLE BUILT FOR SIX
The Sextuplet Attracts Much
Attention in Golden Gate
Park.
The Naphtha Cyclb to Be Ordered Off
the Park Drives — Opening Day
of the Sutro Baths.
The attraction at Golden Gate Park yes
terday afternoon was the sextuplet rid
den by crack bicycle riders who were in
the saddles in the following order: Dick
Alward, Harry Terrill, Allen Jones, Oscar
Osen, Theo. Dodge and H. H. Hopkins.
The announcement that the six riders
would start at 2 o'clock sharp from a
Stanyan-street cyclery drew shortly be
fore that hour an immense number of peo
ple to the main drive, and they lined both
sides until they stood two and three deep.
At the Cyclers' Rest there were several hun
dred cyclers dismounted, standing by
their wheels waiting to see the passing
show.
It was expected that the novel machine
would fly at a rate of speed equal to that
of a lightning-express train, but in this
there was disappointment, for when the
sextel passed Cyclers' Rest it moved at an
ordinary rate of speed and was paced by
half a dozen safeties on each side, while in
the rear 'followed a hundred or more
cyclers on all sorts of wheels and in all
sorts of garbs. It was a novel sight and
that was all.
A young man named Harry Lam.ir drew
a good deal of attention to himself by rid
ing a naphtha bicycle. The machine ran
over the roads in good style, turned curves
without difficulty and the rider did not
have to exert his limbs, but his machine
is "ajsnorter," that is, as it moves the
propelling machinery causes a series of
slight successive explosions, and these
noises starlle the horses, who are unaccus
tomed to them. "We will have to look
after this young man," said Superintend
ent McLaren, "and advise him to use his
machine outside the park limits. We can
not afford to have anything in the park
that will frighten horses, cause runaways
and possibly injure and kill people."
The museum in the park is one of the
points of interest visited by a large num
ber of people. "One thing that pleases
me." said C. P. Wilcomb, the curator, yes
terday, "is the fact that many people
come here not merely to walk through the
different rooms, but come again and aeain
to study the exhibits, and what is still
more gratifying >s the fact that many take
written notes of the exhibits.
"On the 23d of the present month we
will closa our year, and the books show
that during that periou nearly half a mil
lion of people have visited the museum.
During the past year the number of visit
ors to thf» Smithsonian Institution was
only 300,000."
During the past week P. .7. Bugbee of
Redding, Shasta County, presented to the
museum over 100 specimens of minerals,
the majority from this State, trie remain
der from Arizona. J. L. Bardwell has
placed in the museum a number o! rare
articles, including a Cantonese vase,
bronze stork, incense-burners and an an
tique teapot.
The last of the electric tower was being
moved from the grand court yesterday
afternoon.
A large number of trees have been placed
around the grand court preparato ry to
netting them out around the court. A
circle of palms > will be planted ; and form
the dividing I line between [ the cycle track
and the carriageway.
The Sutro ' Baths were well patronized
yesterday, many being under the . im
pression that they were to be opened to
swimmers. The; formal opening will not
be until next Saturday, when there will be
speechmaking, music, and swimming in
the large tank. "■- " '
.•■•• Work on the boulevard is being pushed
ahead, and the road is graded to the point
where it joins the one that leads from the
ocean to Ingleside. The track of the Park
and Ocean Railioad, which stands in the
way of f extending ; the boulevard in ; a
straight line north, and which the officers
of the company said should be moved to
the east, has not been disturbed. .
• Yesterday afternoon as one of the trains
of the Park and Ocean Railroad was pass
ing by the Olympic grounds, a boy named
William Mannix, livinc at 508% Fell
street, . jumped ■ off, fell and » rolled over
several times. The train was stopped, the
boy placed on board and taken to the
company's office at the terminus, where it
was ascertained that he was badly bruised
about the head and face/. . ;
At the Haieht: street grounds the an
nounced ascension. by Miss Essie Vida and
Prof. Markeberg was only a haJf success.
There were two causes. io'r the failure; one
was that ■ there was not space enough to
make the ascent and the other the cloud
laden atmosphere which prevented the bal
loon from rising as it would on a perfectly
clear day... There were two parachutes at
tached to the balloon, one below tbe other.
Miss Vida tookher- place on : the bar con
nected with the upper parachute and rose
above all -obstructions. "['. but the second
dragged on the ground and struck against
the trolley staging and hung there until
someone cnt it loose, allowing the balloon
with Miss Vida to ascend. .When vMar ke
berg saw that he was in danger of being
dashed against the platform, he : jumped
from the trapeze bar. The balloon ; was
soon lost to view in the clouds, but dul not
remain up Ion «r/ for 'it ? com menoed to de
scend before 5 Miss Vida got ready : to. out
away and when she did get free her para-I
chute had only a 200-foot full. «he came
down with a rush in a vacant lok near Ma
sonic avenue and Mai^ht street, lauding
with a severe bumn on the m».i : "
.There are. more than aeveaty hails in
Paris devoted to : fencine, eaoh i pxeiidod'
over by a fencing-master more ux lesi
'"'■'■^^^SUBSM
NEW TO-DAT.
France and Germany
Have Given Bonn-
ties
To Induce Planters to Coltivate in
Their Colonies the Hint From
Which Kolafra Is Made.
We Shall Do Better and Plant
Directly Within Our
Own Borders. .
Orange-Growers to Plant Trees in
Florida, and Spreckels, the Sugar
king, in the Sandwich Islands.
That wonderful nut from Africa which has
helped French troops, to march four days
throueh the desert without other food, and the
New York Athletic Club to win thirteen
straight events from London in the inter-
national games, and Yale College to defeat
Cambridge, England, and which is being used
by the New York letter-carriers to make extra
trips without fatigue, and which has excited
the curiosity and won the approval of promi-
nent members of the medical profession all
over the world, and which in the United States
at least, in the form of Vino-Kolafra, is giving
immediate and lasting strength to thousands
who are dally overtaxed either by physical or
mental labor, has at last attracted the atten-
tion of capital.
The plain truth is :hat the species of Stercula
(which is the botanical name of the nut from
which the Vino-Kolafra of the drugstores is
none) is a staple the cultivation of which
promises a profit for those engaged in it.
The French and German governments recog-
nized this fully when they gave large bounties
to enable the tree to be planted iv their colo-
nies.
The commercial importance of the tree gives
a description of it of more than passing In-
terest. It grows from thirty to sixty feet in
height and takes five years to bear to any
extent. The conditions of the climate are heat
and moisture in a frostless belt. The nuts
themselves are aDout naif the size of an egg,
irregular in contour and of a darkish hue. It
is of the utmost importance they should be
gathered fresh and the essential oil of the nut
preserved unaltered and unimpaired.
Johnson & Johnson of No. 92 William street,
New York, manufacturing chemists, well and
favorably known to the medical profession,
were quick to realize the value of obtaining
the fresh nut and no preparing it for general
consumption that its characteristic properties
should be retained in their lull strength. To
attain this end they some time ago established
a laboratory in the tropical home of the tree.
Now comes the intelligence- that Mr. Claus
Spreckels, the Sugar King of California, is
about to plant trees in the Sandwich Islands,
where the climatic and soil conditions are cer-
tainly ideal. But what is more interesting
still has been discovered, that the.soil and cli-
mate of Florida Rre also adapted t'£ the suc-
cessful cultivation of the African ""ti e °f life."
The undoubted success of the Kolafra prod-
ucts, in connection with a scarcity ol the nuts,
has induced a goodly number of the Florida
orange-growers to undertaKe the cultivation of
the tree with a hope of obtaining from it a
more certain as well as more profitable crop
than is afforded by orange trees.
Kolafra is used to some extent as a substi-
tute for coffee and tea. Its full tonic and
medicinal qualities, however, are best secured
by preparing the nuts fresh from the tree with
wine, and it is in this form, or what is popu-
larly known as Vino-Kolafra, that it has se-
cured its largest sale. Its importance is due,
first to its remarkable sustaining power, sec-
ondly to the fact that, unlike all other known
stimulants, its use is followed by no reaction,
depression or unpleasant after effects of any
kind. It is this latter quality which renders it
an ideal general stimulant. Its tonic and
remedial qualities have commended it largely
to physicians as will be seen from the follow-
ing from the New York Sun:
Vino-Kolafra, acco»ding to the testimony of
the medical profession, is pre-eminent in the
treatment of all diseases where a tonic stimu-
lant or invigorant is indicated. In nervous
exhaustion, depression, lassitude, anaemia,
dyspepsia, biliousness; in convalescence, ir-
regular heart and general debility— in these
and all other diseases arising from lack of
vitality it is decidedly beneficial.
Dr. E. F. Smith, chairman of the Board of
Management of the Brooklyn State Hospital
for tne Insane, when interviewed at his resi-
dence, 177 Putnam avenue, Brooklyn, said in
regard to the value of the nut an a medicinal
remedy and its physiological and therapeutic
action: "In considering the merits of this
remedy as a stimulant beverage, I class it
above alcohol, cocoa, coffee or tea. Its action
is natnral and it produces no detrimental
aftereffects. It is the only remedy lye have
that produces a nalural tonine up and stimu-
lation of the system; allothers cause a degree
of depression which corresponds to the
amount of energy consumed by their stimu-
lant action. Kolafra, on the other hand, while
producing no bad effects at all, is an antidota
to the ill results which follow the administra-
tion of alcohol,, opium, etc. It is, in fact, the
only known stimulant whose action and ef-
fects are entirely natural and healthful. It
seems to me that the introduction of an
efficient preparation of this nut will meet*
necessity that Has long been recognized in
medical circles. I am now prescribing it in
my practice, and find it beneficial in all cases
where such a remedy is desired."
Dr. A. R. Strachan, of No: 25 East Thirtieth
street, house physicianof the' Hbtel Bruns-
wick, in an '; article in the New York Times
says: "I used Vino-Kolafra myself during a
bad attack of la grippe with (excellent results.
It is certainly worthy of the unbiased consid-
eration of every medical man, whose duty it is
to be on the outlook for remedies of merit. vlt
fills a i>lace in practice which for many years
we have attempted to 'fill with other thera-
peutic agents which have not been adequate to
meet all the requirements. I consider Vino-
Kolafra a natural stimulant, which braces up
an exhausted nervous system, and, indeed,
which J ; prevents fatigue when ; taken | before
wearying work. It allays irritation In nervous
troubles, and ; helps a ' little in : almost every
case, without hindering in any direction. r It
helps out the stomach, the liver and kidneys."
» : Dr. Cyrus Edsori, president of^ the New York
Health Board: "I have used it in my practice
for mpre than a year aud a half, to bridge over
that frequent gap in treatment which is met
with in cases of prolonged illness. Of all. the
stim-ulauts known it i* the most powerful and
at the same time absolutely harmless. In cases
ot acute dyspepsia aud in convalescence it has
been worth its weight iv gold." .
medical journals have of late given
much space to a diacuuion of Kolafra, and the
universal testimony is in its favor.
The Philadelphia Medical Bulletin, for ex-
ample, quotes Professor; Edward Haeckle of
the Parfci'School of.:Medicine,who has in;bc«
half of the Vvench Army* authoritle3 j given
much attention to products ot the African nut,
aj say ing i Ait is the greatest intestinal tonic
that has -ever been Placed in -■■■ physicians'
haiids.'-' ■.•/-■:"-/• i, .•• : - ; : . .
It is Hoped that the planting of the tree in
southern Florida and lower. California will
add greatly to the Bum of our national re*
sources.MISS OVERMAN AS
SAINT AND SINNER
Rev. Dr. Brown's Chief
Witness in a Pen
Picture.
AS A WOMAN SAW HER.
Thought of the Future Beyond
the Final Verdict of the
Council.
IFORD'S STORY DISCREDITED
ie Pastor Produces a Letter Showing
That He Was Offered the Over
man Letters for Sale.
'tie Overman is a curious compound
t and sinner.
■ - character seems to be a mingling oi
arpoaa and low cunning; of soaring
ions and groveling instincts — a
re wherein light and shade are not
ed by the nice brush of the finished
rut are counter to each other in a
arinjr, inartistic but withal fascinating
• .iy ; ibe rough sketch of an impressionist,
Tvko?e plan has the elements of genius,
ose execution is bungling; a weird
cture interesting by reason oi its uncan
i ioeBS.
A Heloise, but too late! A Hester Prynne
cf darkened past! A Camille, whose tie
vo&Ml faiied at one crisis, but carried her
igu tne last and saddest!
Those who are prone to charity regard
the heroine of the later Beecher scandal in
one of these lights. To others she is an
a :venturess who had not the one redeem
ing trait of loyalty to the man she pro
:e**ed to love.
She is to them a bad woman who plotted
to destroy a good man and failed. They
look upon the seemingly calm woman, who
is testifying that she is wholly degraded
and the man she loves wholly Dure, as a
human signboard pointing the way to hell.
Her composure they call effrontery, her
bravery cowardice. Those who concede
that sLe may be sacrificing -self to shield
a, companion in guilt believe her motive to
be a mercenary one and her reward an as
surance of competence, that through the
notoriety, the shame of the scandal in
which she is one of the chief figures, she
has at'.ained thexoveted end sought.
such critics forget that wnat the preach
ers call a "lost" woman and the world a
" woman is capable of marvelous
- :-.ibnegation. She may prostrate her
fure the juggernaut of public con
demnation to save another and smile as
Overman did when she told her
• the council and the gaping crowd
>.-ek.
A woman whose pasfr is a gloomy vista
c: wrongs intiicted and suffered, of treacb
jretted or forgotten, may stiii rise to
■' cxaiiation in devotion to a per
rinciple. It may have been in
i that Mattie Overman made
» out her resolution to save me
-i.a» of her ministerial friend.
il known the craniped life of pov-
Hw youth had been narrowed by
;r;*.ss and cares. Her struggle to
e.irn her livelihood had been a dispiriting
one. There had been littls of pleasure in
:. Perhaps there were lapses from right
living sometimes as the result of her crav
t some of the brightness and gayety
that girls love. Then came a loveless mar
riage that was a most unsatisfactory an
swer to fhe girl's question, "How may I
be happy?"
Whenthis was proven a dire failure the
battle for bread began again, and it waß at
this time, when false pleasures had shown
themselves to be Dead feea fruit, when her
intellectual and spiritual nature were
clamorine for food that had been but
rut agerly supplied by her attendance upon
various revivals, that she came into the
lives of Dr. and Mrs. C. O. Brown.
Tneir home supplied the intellectual
."'nosphere she had missed, and there she
■ ed an impetus to the saintship whose
9 had appealed to her.
Toe Eden was not long left undisturbed.
it in the guise of unrequited love or
lay following illicit love the serpent
Lena? la this day of confessions that
.spected to be concealments who
say ?
from the blur, the confusion and
F^.adows of the strange story Mattie Over
man emerges as a heroine. Not a stain
less, saintly heroine, but one exalted by
her supreme devotion — to her "duty," she
:-jys. If BrecKinridge had had an Over
man instead of his Pollard his political
-tar would still be in the ascendancy. If
: her vigils dnrinc these mouths of storm
tTd waiting Mattie Overman has been
•> mpted to save her shred of reputation
iid leave Dr. Brown'B in the threatened
tatters she conqu red.
I saw her first the day after the arrest
of Mrs. Davidson and the expose tnat fol
. .wed. Pale and heavy-eyed after a sleep-
B night, she lay in a little back room in
. Brown's home. Her smile was fre
quent. She was calm. Then as now she
looked at Dr. Brown before replying to
iestion. Then as now he often in
-rupted. She told the story of tier dis
ntment in Mrt. Davidson, and
iibd oh stie toid how she had dragged
heavy trunk downstairs in order to leave
- shelter of that woman's home. Her
rapoijure under the strain of her secret
■us wonderful. "I never dreamed of
feting to sell a story about Dr. Brown or
any one else," she declared.
: 1 am fond of reading," she said, ?.nd
-Jiowed me a book on social science she hatl
arked with marginal notes. She pro
duced letters in which Dr. Brown advised
ber as to the pursuit of his studies. 'Are
•iiose the letters of a lover? asked the
.-'•rerend gentleman, and Mattie smiled.
rihe was the center or a group of
eager questioners when I saw her at
'ill council two months later. She was
as calm as before. She was still smiling.
But instead of hanging upon the words of a
tor of divinity she was telling a great
,ence the painful story of her love for
in— the love sne said was not recipro
•-■ited—of her humiliation and her resofve
10 blackmail him and her quick repentance.
A few days ago she told me why she had
smiled while on the rack. There was a
look of exaltation in her eyes when she
>aid- "I did not think of myself. I lorgot
I had a personality until I heard a woman
near me wy, 'I irUh there were a police
an here "to arrest her.' Was not that
'it was hard to acknowledge I cared for
c man who cared nothing for me It was
:ard to see the words 'blackmail, liar
and 'forger' in the headlines of thejnews
pat*M. I knew they would be there, but
I forgot myself after all." ,
The curtains between the rooms sUrred
' .»t then. "Dr. Brown is she
taid softly. "He is not well."
She spoke of Mrs. Davidson. "She had
a strange influence over me. Why via
Bhe make companions of cs who were not
her equals in point of education/ >vny
did «he engage in that business?
knew me thoroughly, that I was a creature
of mood?, and upon what mood she coulG
She did everything under the cloak
ol religion. Even when talking of our
l.pllish plan she said we would be instru
ments of the Lord in humbling his pride,
which lesson he needed, and at the time
I believed he needed it, too. *•' :
'I do not know what I shall do," she-
f a - i* . ' x aye no thoughts beyond the
trial., Perhaps I may go home, if they
want rue. r But I do not know yet what
they will think of my terrible admissions.
1 have not heard from them since.
"1 do not suppose I have the sympathy
of any one except those in the house," she
said weariiv. "Women are especially
bard, I think." : .
She looked toward the portieres, and
again the look of exaltation came iDto her
eyes. as she said, "But Ido not think of
myself. Ada Patterson.
DR. BROWN INDIGNANT.
Denies Certain Allegations Made by
Mr. Patton-New Features in
the Case
Dr. Brown and Mattie Overman are
much exercised over the turn affairs have
taken within the past two days.
Not that they think the public will be
lieve the damaging statements made by
Patton, Bickford and others, but tlie fear
is great that their enemies will say "I told
you so." The pastor and his young friend
claim that these new accusations are unut
terably false, but none the less disturbing.
Until late yesterday afternoon Pastor
Brown claimed not to have known of tne
story published in The Call to the effect
that H. H. Patton of Dayton, Wash., acted
as his messenger in conveying a certain
sum of money to Mrs. Tunnell while that
lady was spending a few uncertain and ap
parently unhappy days in Visalia.
When, however, the reverend gentleman
was assured of the genuineness of the in
formation he consented to give his version
of the affair.
"I cannot believe," he said, by way of
introduction, "Mr. Patton ever made the
statement that he knew me to be gjuilty
because Mrs. Tunnell had said so. During
the short time I saw him he gave every
evidence of being a thorough gentleman,
and, consequently, not given to telling
lies. If, therefore, Mr. Patton expressed
an opinion of my guilt based on what he
says Mrs. Tunnell told him, he lies, for
Miss Overman's friend could never have
spoken any words wnicb. would lead him
to such a conclusion.
'Mr, Patton came to my house one aft
ernoon with a letter for Miss Overman
from Mrs. Tunnell, requesting that certain
articles of wearing apparel be sent her by
the bearer. I found him to be a very pleas
ant gentleman, and he remained over
night with — "
"No," interrupted Mrs. Brown, "he did
not stay here that nignt, but went down
town, returning the next morning about 9
oV!ock."
"Yes," added Miss Overman, by way of
confirmation, "he went downtown, just as
Mrs. Brown says."
"Well, you see," resumed the doctor,
"these little details escape me, but I now
recall that what Miss Overman and Mrs.
Brown have said is absolutely true. The
next morning Mr. Patton called about 9
o'clock, and our conversation of Mrs. Tun
nell was of a general character. He told
me that she was in destitute ci rcuni
stances, and se long as she was a friend of
Miss Overman and doing as she thought
that young lady desired. I felt obliged to
assist her financially. This I did, and I
want to say that Miss Overman learns of
la fchis now for the first time. Tnere was no
occasion to tell her I had sent Mrs. Tun
neii money, and I did not do so.' 1
"Is it true that you paid Mr. Patton's
passage to and from^Visalia?" interrupted
the reporter.
"No; this is unqualifiedly false," an
swered the pastor. "There was no earthly
reason for my dome snch a thing, because
Mr. Patton, being a railroad man, travels
on a pass. 1 never gave him a cent except
the |2o for Mrs. Tunuell."
During the first part of the interview Dr.
Brown lav snug and warm on a lounge in
the front parlor. Later he ensconced him
self in a rocking-cnair, Miss Overman tak
ing possession of the lounge, with its ac
companying rugs and shawls.
"I can add little or nothing to what Dr.
Brown has said," remarked Miss Over
man. "I know nothing of any money
sent Mrs. Tunnell except what passed
through me. You may say, however — and
I want everybody to understand it — that I
intend to have Mrs. Tunnell back here or
know the reason why. Ido not know her
preser.t address, but I will soon learn it.
The case now demands that ehe tell the
council all sbe knows, and when that is
done 1 have not the slightest fear of the
result."
Miss Overman, wbi'e under cross-ex
amination, said that Dr. Brown had given
her a sum of money for Mrs. Tunneil,
which had been sent by the man who
called for that lady's clothes. This man
now turns out to be Mr. Patton. So it is
plainly evident that Dr. Brown sent an ad
ditional sum of money to Mrs. Tunnell,
but did not think the matter of sufficient
moment to mention to either Miss Over
man or his wife.
Mrs. Brown- staged last night that if any
thing happened to her husband the blame
would all rest on the newspapers.
"They have pursued and viliried him,"
she declared, "so outrageously that I
would not be surprised if he found a way
out of it all."
The testimony of Mr. Bickford, which is
'regarded by the prosecution as very dpm
asring, is not thought much oi by Dr.
Brown and his friends. The pastor is in
receipt of a letter from a well-known at
torney, showing that the Overman letters
were for sale to the highest bidder. The
letter reads as follows:
518 Baker Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Dr. C. O. Broirn— Dear Stk: If It would be
of any assistance to you I can testify that a
man named Bickford called at my office on the
Thursday before the Overman letters were pub
lished and wanted me to go with him to Mr.
Lloyd or Judge Louderback or yourself and
find out if money would not be paid for the
letters which he brought with him and dis
played to me. He stated that he had taken
them out of Mrs. Tunnell's valise and thought
they ought to be worth at least $1000. I told
him I was not doing that kind of business. He
then asked me if I would go with him to the
newspapers with the letters. Tnis I declined
to do. He then went away and the letters were
published a few days afterward. I heard sub
sequently that he received $15 for them, and I
also heard that he had been engaeed to trace
up Mrs. Tunnel!, as he^claimed to know where
she could be found.
He was almost a stranger to me, and I was
shocked that he should try to engage me to
help him sell evidence or to make money by
such questionable methods.
I have no sympathy with this rtost of black
mailers and extortioners which you have un
earthed, and I consider it is my duty to give |
you this one item of information, if it will be I
of any assistance to you.
I am not desirous of any notoriety in this j
matter. Neither have I any wish to make any |
trouble for Bickfoid, although he was no client
of mine and the information was not imparted
to me as his attorney. I simply call this to
your attention, and you are at liberty to use it
or not, just as you wish. Yours, etc.,
A. £. Nicholson.
February 28, 1896.
Mrs. Davidson had many callers yester
day, confined mainly to members of her
former Sunday-school class. The white
haired alleged extortioner was in a happy
frame of mmd when seen by a Call repre
sentative.
"Of course, no one believes the stories
toid by C. O. Brown and Mattie Overman.
They are so palpably false as to admit of
no argument whatever. I have not de
cided as yet what I will do abjut the mat
ter. It is probable, however, that I will
present the facts to the Grand Jury. By
her own admission she is a thief and a
forger."
The committee on charges will meet to
day at 1 o'clock for the purpose of putting
in proper shape the evidence now in their
possession.
Ticket Scalper Arre»ted.
C. H. Babcock, who claims to be an under
taker, was arrested last evening by Officer
Brophy and charged with Belling theater
tickets without having procured a license.
According to the complaint Babcock has been
in the habit of purchasing large quantities of
25-cent tickets at the Orpheum and selling
them on Sunday evenings, when crowds of
people assembled at that pleasure resort. By
waiting until there was a rush Babcock sold
bis tickets forsoeeniß a piece, theeby making
a profit of 25 cents on each ticket disposed of.
Human hair varies in thickness from the
250 th to the 600 th part of an inch. Blonde
hair is said to be the finest and red the
coarsest.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW.
Increased Inquiries for City
Property for Invest
ments.
LAST WEEK'S TRANSACTIONS.
Money Plentiful in the Banks for
Good Loans at 6 1-2 to 7
Per Cent.
There were no developments or changes
in the real estate market during the past
week worthy of special mention. A num
ber of firms report increased inquiries for
certain classes of property for investment
such as small flats, medium business pro
perty, etc. There is also a considerable
number of sales of lots in outside suburbs,
which is regarded by dealers as more en
couraging at this time of the year than
big deals.
It is noticeable that the largest number
of sales of this kind are being made in
sections where the most progress has been
made in street and other improvements,
such as are calculated to enhance the
value of property for residence purposes.
It is generally believed that confidence
in real estate as an investment i 9 being re
stored. This belief is pot due so much to
the increasing volume of business as it is
to the increase in the number of inquiries.
Money is plentiful for good loans, the
prevailing rate being 6]4 to 7 per cent.
EBVIEW OF THE KECOEDS.
There were seventy-tive real estate loans
made last week, aggregating $339,275. The
principal ones were :
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
for one year at 6 1 j percent $25,000 on prop
erty on the southwest corner of Hyde and
Washington streets, 137:6x137:6; by the Ger
man Savings and Loan Society $15,000 for one
year at 7 per cent and $5000 for sixty days at
7 per cent on property at the southeast corner
of Valencia and Twentieth streets, 90x57:6; by
the same society $1000 for three months at 7
per cent and $10,000 tor one year et 7 per cent
on property at the southwest corner of Broad
way and Buchanan street, 34x109:6; by
the Mutual Savings BauK $50,000 for
one year at 7 per cent on property on
I'owell street, 94 feet south of Ellis, 41x87:6;
by Emma Joseph to Floreuce B. Hiuckley,
$49,000 for one year at 10 per cent, on the
50-vara lot, No. 906, corner of Market and
O'Farrell streets; by C. S. Benedict, $14,800
for four years at 8 per cent, on property at the
northwest corner of Alaxneda and l)e Haro
streets. 360x200: by the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, $10,000 for one year at 6% per
cent, on property at the northwest corner of
Twenty-fourth street and Potrero avenue,
110x100, and by the estate of Adolph Glootz,
$5000 for three years at 7 per cent and $5000
for two year* at 7"per cent, on property at the
southwest corner of Santa Clara and De Haro
streets, 200x183:5.
There were seventy - seven releases
granted last week, aggregating $330,200.
The largest ones recorded were:
By the Equitable Building and Loan Asso
caiion, $17,000. to Jacob and Kate Goldberg
and Hugo I). Keil on a lot at t lie southeast
corner of A street and Thirteenth avenue,
240x600; by the same to Benjamin Goldfish,
$10,000 on a lot on the north line of Jackson
street. 237:6 west from Broderick, 37:6x87:6;
by the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
i wo mortgages of $40,000 each, one to VV. T.
Garratt and one to Henry D. Morton, on a lot
on the south line of Market street, 60 feet
west from Third, 60x80: by the German Sav
ings and Loan Society, s2o,ooo to Frank M. and
Amelia V. R. Pixley on the following parcels
of laud: Lot southwest corner Greenwich and
Octavia streets, 137:0x275; lot on north line
of Union street, 130 feet west of Webster, 60x
137:6; lot on the south side of Filbert street,
137:6 west of Fillniore, 137:6x137:6; lot on
the north line of Union street. 100 feet west of
Fillmore, 70x137:0; lot on the north line of
Filbert street, 100 feet west of Fillmore, 37:6 x
120, ana a lot on the north side of Greenwich
street, 137:6 west of Fillmore, 34:4] a xl2O; by
the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
William Sharon, $25,000 on the following par
cels of land; a lot on the southwest corner of
Brady and Market streets, 200x124; a lot on
the south side of Market street, 335 feet west
of Brady, 30x124; a lot on the south side of
Market street, 399 feet west of Brady. 66x124:
a lot at the southwest corner of Stevenson and
Brady streets, and a tot on Mission street, 100
feet east of Brady, 88x176. By Robert R. Hind
to C. L. C.Blethen, $15,000, on a lot at the
southeast corner of Buchanan and Sacramento
streets, 50:9x127:83/, and by W. W. Foote,
John Garber, John 11. Boalt and Thomas B.
Bishop to Florence Blyihe Hiuckley, $13,873,
on an undivided 8-100 ol the estate "of Thomas
H. Blythe.
The number of deeds recorded last week
was 169.
Six building contracts were filed during
the week, aggregating $55,204, the princi
pal one being for tne building to be erected
on Post street, near Stockton. Four con
tracts counted as one for the latter struc
ture amounted to $28,8.27.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
G. L. Bresse &Co ■ a new firm that has
just opened office _!Pine street, above
Montgomery. Mi se was formerly
with McAffee 8r05,.. ...,d is well and favor
ably known in real estate circles.
A. J. Rich of the firm of A. J. Rich &
Co. will leave this week for an extended
business trip East. He expects to visit
London among other places, and will be
absent about two months.
Last Saturday the tearing down X>f the
old American Exchange Hotel was com
menced. It is reported that the new
1 building to be erected on the site has been
| leased by Cunningnam, Curtisa & Welch,
the wholesale stationers.
The sale by Yon Rhein & Co. of the Su
| tro property has been postponed to Tues
; day, March 10. This was necessary as the
' inclemency of the weather made it impos
i sible to complete the necessary grading of
j the lots in time for a sale last week. The
i blocks are now being fenced and the lots
j numbered, so that intending purchasers
can readily make selections. The demand
for catalogues of this property has been
.so great that a edition had to be
issued. This is the first time that lots so
close to the Cliff House and baths have
been offered at public sale.
Saturday Thomas Magee, acting as ref
eree, sold at auction the property belong
ing to the estate of Mary Anson at the
southwest corner of Geary and Larkin
streets, consisting of a lot 120 by 120 and
improvements. The purchaser was Jacob
Schoenfeld, the price being $70,000. It is at
present renting for $485 per month. The
sale was made subject to the approval of
the Superior Court.
Tne following sales have been made by
Agents Bovee, Toy & Sonntag of the Mc-
Mahan estate in >iorthern Solano County,
and the following deeds have been recorded
within the last thirty days, the purchasers
of which are chieny'Californians:
William McNelll, 20.01 acres, $1350 65;
Theodore Heinz, 100 acres, $0750; Thomas
Forfest, 20 acres, $1250; Thomas Meigb.in, 10
aero, ; M. Swetzer, 23.24 acres, $11)73 70;
J. Olteman , 17.74 acres, $1194 45 ; H. J. O'NelL
20 acres, $1350 ; J. Clark. 28.29 acres, $1838 85 ;
H. E. McCur.e, 61.32 acres, $4140; Martha
Ulrica, 10 acres, $075; G. Greiner, 649.81
acres (improved), $40,000; J. A. Black, 0.41
acres, $432 07: J. A. Obermuller, 20.17 acres,
$130147; A Schlofski, 15 acres, $1012 50;
Henry Bird, 17.94 acres, $1210 95; B. Lutz, 12
acres,' sßlo; E. N. Young, 20.70 acres, $1397 25;
A.-. Bird. 43.97 acres, $2907 97; J. Nelson,
20.92 acres, $1412 10; R. Hughes, 230 73
acres (improved), $19,085 17 ; V. Sparks, 2t>4. 39
acres (Improved), $15,000; H. Goodwin, 10
acre", $675; M. E. Olsen, 10 acres, $675;
Charles Murray, 12.99 acres, $876 02; C. J.Me-
Kinsel, 06 acres (improved;, $9000; Robert
Pigatt. 100 acres, $0750.
Baldwin & Hammond report that nine
teen lots have been sold in the Richmond
block recently subdivided by them,
bounded by California, Lake, Eleventh
and Twelftn avenues. Only ten lots are
left in the Hinkel block, Twenty-fifth ave
nue, Clement Btreet and Point Lobos ave
nue.
Saturday William J. Dingee of Oakland
held his first auction pale of the year of
miscellaneous Oakland and Alameda prop
erties. Easton, Eldridge «fc Co. conducted
the sale. The total amount realized was
$21,260. A seven-room cottage at the
southeast corner of Myrtle and Eighteenth
streets, with lot 50x100, brought $3500.
The adjoining lot, 50x100, sold for $162 a.
A modern cottage of six rooms at the
southwest corner of Linden and Thirtieth
streets sold for $2300. Other offerings in
cluded sixteen lots fronting on East
Twelfth and East Eleventh streets and
First avenue, Oakland. They are each 25x
100 and sold for an aggregate of $4235, the
? rices ranging from $130 up to $550 each,
he residence of the late J. H. Hamilton
of Alameda, located at the northeast cor
ner of Central avenue and Union street,
sold for $9600. The house contains twelve
rooms and the lot is 100x207:6.
On Wednesday of the present week
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. will sell at auc
tion at their salesroom, 218 and 220 Mont
gomery street, the remainder of the Mer
genthau property, consisting of fifty lots
in the Mission warm belt. Forty-two of
the lots are located in the block bounded
by Potrero avenue. Twenty-first, Twenty
second and Hampshire streets. The re
maining eight lots front on Twenty-first
street and Potrero avenue and are in the
next block east.
Fair Oaks is thriving and is one of the
most prosperous colonies in the State at
the present time. There is a great deal of
work being done in planting, clearing,
etc. It is estimated 500 acres will be
planted to fruit this year by parties who
have purchased land. Buildings are going
up on all sides, some thirty-odd houses hav
ing been built or in course of construction.
Over 2000 acres have been sold to Eastern
Eurchasers since the 20th of September.
[ost of the purchases have been in 5, 10
and a few 20 acre tracts. The following
are the names of the Easterners since the
last report who have become interested in
Fair Oaks:
J. C. Morrison, Minnesota; G. T. Overkry,
Sutton.Nebr.; H. H. Pyron, Rockford, lil. ; B.
N. Cooley, Coldwater, Mich. ; L. P. Henrickson,
Iowa; M. E. Bitterman, Iowa; K. W. Cobb,
Sultan, Wash,; C. H. Likely, Jefferson, Mich.;
P. S. Sawtclle, Elgin, 111. ; C. E. Tiller, Lee, 111. ;
J. 8. Nerhaugen, Zambrota, Minn.; T. A.
Cooper, Chicago, 111. ; N. F. Harris, Hart, Mich. ;
D. L. Herskey, Brr.inard, Kans. : L. E. Kale,
Willis, Kans.: W. E. Scathe, Freeborn, Minn. ;
George M. Clark, Euclid, O. ; George F. Ingra
bam, Howard City, S. D. ; P. H. Ingraham,
Howard City. S. I). ; R. Fritchie, Chicago, 111.;
Neils Monson, Benton, Wis.; D. W. Whipple,
Mrs. D. W. Whipple. Mrs. R. N. Conover,
Michigan; A. S. Phillips, Youngstown, 111.;
Samuel Niel, Philadelphia; Mary A. Kiel, Phila
delphia; Jesse Dorsch, Euclid, Ohio; G. R.
Morrell, Chicago, 111. ; T. 11. Watson, Mre. T. H.
Watson, Springfield, 111.; A. A. Kicker, Mrs. A.
A. Ricker, Sidney, Nebr, ; J. F. Baker, Kusb
ford, Nebr.; W. B. Gore, Mrs. W. R. Gore, Daw
son, 111. ; John J. Houser, Pennsylvania; D.
Wing, Maywood, ill.; A.M. Huhbs, Chicago;
Hy Koster Jr., Cleveland, Ohio; J. W. Hare,
Mrs. J. W. Hare, Santa Clara, Cal. ; A. M.
Phoenix, Atwater, Minn.; E. Crabb, G. Pilcher,
Greenback Row: 11. H. Pierce, Little Falls,
Minn.; O. M. Baldwin, Dos Palos. Cal.; C. F.
Sweeney, Iowa; Levi Walthall, Kansas; N, R.
Smith, Kansas; W, H. Adams, New York; E.
L. Hunskaar, Spencer, 8. D. ; J. A. Martin,
Watertown, S. D.; B. Cole, Nebraska;
C. W. Warner, Minneapolis, Minn.: C. N. Wem
ple, Chicago; C. E. Harris, Indiana; J. F. Ba
ker, New York; Rev. I. Erstainson, Chicago,
111. ; George H. Loekwood, Omaha, Nebr. ; James
Kirkendall, Harriston, Mo.; W. J. Hancock,
Austin. 111.; Levi H. Spring, William Forbes,
Gibbs Huntley, Los Angeles; R. H. G. Donald
son. Denver; William Geary and wife, Ed J.
Galvin, Chicago, 111.; J. H. Cunningham, J.H.
Denton, Minnesota; P. C. Dufour, E. P. Dufour,
Chicago, 111.; Willis Green, Atkinson, Wis.;
William Fritz and wife, Chicago, 111.; E. A.
Jenkins, Pittsbtirg, Pa. ; Albert Dow and son,
Chicago, 111.; B. M. Kincaid, B. W. Spikilen,
Willis, Kans.
Yon Rhein & Co. have under prepara
tion a catalogue of several cieces of prop
erty that will be offered for sale by auction
on' March 2ti by order of the court, to
gether with a miscellaneous list.
Tuesday Center & Spader will hold a
special auction sale of Potrero property.
It comprises the following parcels : Thir
teen lots, varying in size from 25x100 feet
to 37:6x100, fronting Potrero avenue,
Utah and Solano streets; sixteen subdi
visions, 25x100 feet each, fronting Twen
tieth, Vermont and Nebraska streets;
fronting Nineteenth, Nebraska and Utah
streets there are twenty-seven subdi
visions to be offered ; the southeast and
the southwest corners of Eighteenth street
and Treat avenue, 57:9x197 ana 39x150
feet, are listed for sale; also two lots on
Treat avenue, near Eighteenth street, and
several small subdivisions scattered
throughout the Potrero.
11. E. Poehlman reports the following
sales: Lot 25x100 and improvements on
McAllister street, near Lott, $3800; two
lots, each 25x120, on Fourth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos and Clement, $995
each; lot 50x100 on Twenty-fifth avenue
south of B street for $520.
JosepU J. Mason, real estate dealer at
Dwightway station, Alanieda, for the past
eight years, hca moved his office to Berke
ley station. In future he will occupy the
offices of Charles A. Bailey, whose inter
ests he will represent. Mr. Mason has
been instrumental in securing lir3t-cla9B
lighting service for Berkeley.
J. H. Young of 1243 Park street has
commenced the erection of a cottage on
Versailles avenue, near ttie narrow-gauge
railroad.
Messrs. Marcuse & Remmel, contractors
j and builders of Alameda, have construct
ed houses in that city during the past year
for the following persons:
Maria Dorset), south side West Twelfth street,
east of Adeline (Oakland); C. K. Miller, Chest
nut street, near Thirty-second (Oakland); C.
Matheson, west side Sherman street, near Pa
cific avenue; A. F. St. Sure, north side Pacific
avenue, west of Sherman street; K. Morten
sen, south side Eagle avenue, west of Bay
j street; E. H. Montell, north side of Pacific ave
nue, west of Sherman street; A. Wolchow,
south side Pacilic avenue, west of Second ave
nue; J. Mason, north corner Blake street
! (Berkeley); F. N. Eckley, northeast corner
i Bay street and Pacific avenue; W. F. Hockins,
east side Bay street, north of Pacific avenue;
W. S. Fleming, north side Pacific avenue,
east of Bay street; A. H. Heney, north side Pa
cific avenue, between Bay and t-herman streets ;
Captain Mueller, north side Pacific avenue,
near Sherman street; F. Dohrmann, west side
Caroline street, north of Central avenne; J. J.
Mason, north side Blake street, near Ellsworth
street (Berkeley); J. J. Mason, northwest cor
ner Blake and Ellsworth streets (Berkeley);
Mrs. J. Waite, north side Alameda avenue,
east of Chestnut street; Mrs. J. Waite, north
side Alameda avenue, near Chestnut street;
Mrs. J. Waite, north side Alameda avenue, west
of Willow street; E. David, north side
Pacific avenue, near Sherman street;
Mrs. A. McAnney, south side Central
avenue, east of Grove; Ben Miller, north side
Central avenue, opposite Encinal station; J.
W. Hardman, north side .Railroad avenue,
west of Willow street; Mrs. L. Albrecht, Fill
more street near McAllister street (San Fran
cisco); A. Slimmon, east side Chapin street
north of Railroad avenue; M. Dolan, north
M<le Hartford street near Nineteenth street.
(San Francisco); M. Dolan, north side Hartford
street near Nineteenth street (ban Francisco);
A. Welluitz, McPherson street, south of
Kings avenue; J. Wolf, north side Central
avenue, west of Caroline street; Mar
cuse <fe Remmel. south side Railroad
avenue, between Mozart and Verdi streets;
Sperbeck, south side Pacific avenue, east of
Chapin street; H. Worsdale, Seventeenth ave
■s, near Railroad avenue, South San Fran
:o; C. Lynch, south side Haight avenue,
it of Sixth street; 11. Hoben, lots 22 and 23,
ck 116, Berkeley; C. M. Savage, north side
Pacific avenue, east o| Sherman street; A. J.
Van Drake, north side Pacific avenue, near
Kman street; W.Wolfe, north side Pacific
ue, between Sherman and Morton streets;
I. Seymour, north side Pacific ave
east of Sherman street; Marcuso
Remmee, north side of Pacific
uc, east of Sherman street; Marcuse &
Remmel, north side Pacific avenue, east of
Sherman street: E. B. Carson, west side Caro
line street, south of Taylor avenue; F. L. Van
Meter, south side Santa Clara avenue, west of
Curoline street; C. E. Dwindle, west side Bay
street, north of Santa Clara avenue; C. E.
Dwindle, west side Bay street, between Santa
Clara and Railroad avenues; C. E. Dwindle,
west side Bay street, south of Railroad avenue;
L. 6erralunga, uor'hwest corner Regent and
Clay streets; J. Obenauer, east side
Cottage street, north of Central avenue;
William Edwards, west side Caroline
street, between San Antonio avenue and Louisa
street: T. Meetz, north side Railroad avenue,
east of Concordia street; T. Meetz, north side
Railroad avenue, near Concordia street; T.
Meetz, north side of Railroad avenue, west o
Prospect street; Marcuse & Remmel, south side
Encinal avenue, easfof Post street; Marcuse <fe
Remmel, south side Encinal avenue, east of
Post street: E. P. Sulsberg, north side Clinton
avenue, west of Walnut street; C. E. Dwinelle,
southwest corner Central avenue and Weber
street: C.R. Smith, north shle Railroad avenue ,
east of Concordia street; Marcuse & Remmel,
south side Railroad avenue, between Verdi and
Mozart streets; J. 8. Scott, south side Pacific
avenue, between Concordia and Prospect
streets; W. F. Schulte, south side Buena Vista
avenue, between Bay and Chestnut streets; G.
Graham, west side Sherman street, between
Railroad and Santa Clara avenues; Marcuse &
Remmel, south side Railroad avenue, between
Mozart and Verdi streets; E. J. Lewis, north
west corner Sherman street and Pacific avenue ;
Q. W. Fisher, Delger street, near San Pablo
avenue (Oakland); J. D. Skinner, east side Car
oline street, near San Antonio avenue.
CATHODE RAY FOR TEETH
You Can Eat Candy Now and
Cure Your Toothache With
the Roentgen.
GREAT NEWS FOR THE GIRLS.
Dr. W. S. Thorne, Lately From
Europe, Talks of a Wonderful
Discovery of Science.
Dr. W. S. Thorne, the well-known phy
sician and surgeon, of this City, arrived
home a few days ago, after an extended
tour of Europe. He went for the purpose
of study, and visited the principal medical
schools in the large cities. Dr. Thorno
saw and heard many new things while
away, and thinks that his profession is
making more rapid strides now than ever
before. Just at present the whole of
Europe is making experiments with the
cathode ray, and there is no telling what
the wonderful discovery may lead to.
When Dr. Thome was spoken to yester
day afternoon regarding the news tele
graphed to this country tbat a cure for
toothache had been discovered in the
Koentgen rays by Dr. L.evett, an American
dentist in Paris, he became deeply inter
ested.
"I can't say that I place implicit confi
dence in the dispatch, he began, "but the
idea is not at all improbable. In fact, it
seems highly probable and exactly in line
with a theory of the famous Dr. Koch,
whom I saw in Berlin a few weeks ago.
Dr. Koch explained to me that he had
demonstrated beyond doubt that all known
forms of bacteria would die after a few
moments' exposure to strong daylight.
He also had the idea that the Roentgen ray
could be made to produce the same effect
and contemplated extensive experiments
in that direction.
"3fou see," Dr. Thorne continued, "the
Roentgen ray is not, strictly speaking, a
ray of light. It is, rather, a volume of
Actinic electric fluid. That is, it haa the
quality of sunlight in its action on a silver
emulsion and also the quality of electricity
for passing through many substances ex
cept glass, rubber and other non-conduct
ors. "While the Roentgen rays will pass
through an iron plate they won't pass
through a pane of glass."
"But how can the Roentgen ray cure
pain?" was asked.
"That is impossible to state," answered
Dr. Tiiorne. "In the first place we don't
know what pain is. Microscopical exam
ination shows no difference Vetween
the nerves of a healthy tooth and those of
& tooth that is driving its owner to spasms
and profanity. The way it seems possible
to me to cure the pain by the Roentgen
ray would be by Dr. Koch's theory that
the pain was caused by a bacillus that ex
posed the ends of the nerves to the action
of the air. By killing the bacillus the
wounded nerves would heal over and the
patient cease to suffer.
"While I was on my way home," Dr.
Thorne continued, "I stopped to see
Thomas Edison. I found him in the
midst of experiments with the Roentgen
ray. He was deeply interested, but did
not have much to say for the future. He
seemed to think he did not know what he
was working with, but said lie could not
forsee any end to the application of the
ray."
Dr. Luke Robinson, when asked about
the Roentgen ray and toothache, said he
was not able to form much of a conclusion.
From what be knew of the ray, he did not
doubt but that it had greater possibilities
in a pathological direction than had yet
been thought of. "But I don't know who
Dr. Levett is," he said, "and until I do,
cannot give an opinion."
H. C. Massie, the well-known dentist,
had not given much attention to the
Roentgen ray, but knew that an applica
tion of the electrode of the negative pole
of a battery had been used to stop pain in
a tooth so" that it could be filled. The
Roentgen ray, he said, was, of course, dif
ferent, but the two electrical actions were
. NEW TO-DAY.
A solid oak bedroom F^^-^^^S^^^^iSi^^^^^iS?^^^
set (3 pieces) — one of Li T^r^^Hp) 'M?^^^^- - 1
$24 f) [
Will buy during our jj / ' \ K)
"Op/4. L^su^. — . Tr i^ssb
Letter i&^i^^^fti : ■ ''
Day m _|
S^le " M J t
Of course we have o9 iiiaimijj^m^Si 11 1 w^^gs;
just a niriL. wT^, • :. :, ' "^U
SS $24--Solid Oak -$24
I #\fl X \^l ? Three pieces — Bedstead, Bureau
I j|^i\ 1 -%^--^ (cheval) and Washstand (not shown).
- f(V v A 1 |X^.J,. :: , PHW Jb l> ; How can we afford it? .
'IJ H V [ ; IP*^ ■ Couldn't if we didn't know that it
\ iv%] ' o meant new customers and future busi-
"■ '^\ V m \ W ness for us.
J,\\\\ \\V^ \
. I^^By T -J^-, JWe have only 24 of this pattern
j_ I" ■ ■ Vyjffii --?^- : " and during "Red Letter Days" 24 is
yW \\\ ''^xxC^",^""^ J s not very many.
I^-4—^l CALIFORNIA FURNITURE COMPANY,
<| _ fc**** . ■ .-.^^=---7— ■=.-^-'=j=^-^_^^ __J| II (N. P. COLE & CO.)
llgpj^^^^jjjjyj 117-121 Geary Street.
somewhat similar, and by certain arrange
ments of instruments there seemed to be
no reason why it could not be used as
stated. "Just how they would go at it,"
he said, "is, however, beyond my compre
hension."
Several other dentists were seen, but
few had given any thought to the Roentgen
ray. Mariy were inclined to look upon the
idea of curing the toothache as a fake.
Those who did, however, all admitted that
they knew nothing about electricity.
From all that can be learned there is
certainly hope for those afflicted with
toothache, and many people, in case the
new cure is a success, will no longer be
compelled to pass sleepless nizhts and con
stantly jeopardize their chances for the
next world. What a boon it will be to
many who really suffer, but how many
yoimg men will be deprived of their best
excuse for a "day off" when the warm
days come and there is an exciting bicycle
race or baseball game going on. On the
other hand, the girls will rejoice at the
discovery of a sure antidote to candy.
FUNERAL OF W. W. MAIN
His Kemains Placed in the Vault of
Laurel Hill Cemetery Uatil His
Daughter's Arrival.
The funeral of William Washington
Main, formerly of the firm of Main & Win
chester took place yesterday at his late
residence on Oak street. The officiating
John Kenny. Michael Meagher. Rev. D. 0. Crouley. John Mvlhtrn. P. J. McCormick, See.
A GROUP OF LEADERS IN THE FORTHCOMING CELEBRATION OF ST.
PATRICK'S DAY.
[Drawn by a ''Call" artist from photographs.]
clergyman was W. J. Elliott Jr., assistant
pastor of the First Unitarian Church.
Friends from Napa and Petaluma,
where Mr. Main was identified with the
Fire Department, were present, together
with representatives of nearly all the
leather-dealing firms of this City.
The pallbearers were personal friends
and life-long acquaintances of Mr. Main;
George Winchester, of the firm of Main
& Winchester, Frank Gillam, of the L. D.
Stone Co., W. J* Tillraann, of Main &
Winchester, W. J. Dummidge, of A. Balz,
and M. Brown of the Petalunia Fire De
partment.
Mr. Main was born in Boston and came
to this State during the gold fever. Leav
ing the gold fields he came to this City in
the fifties, and it was at this time that the
firm of Main & Winchester was formed.
He continued with this firm, which had its
store on the water front on Sansome and
California streets, for a few year 3 and then
went to Petaluma, where he organized the
Fire Department in 1852. He bought the
engines and hook-and-ladders, etc., in fact,
he completely equipped the department at
his own expense.
He afterward returned to this City and
again became identified with the hrm of
Main & Winchester, in which firm he was
a trusted and valuable member until the
day of his death.
Magnificent flora) tributes were sent by
his many friends. The remains were laid
in the receiving vault of Laurel Hill Ceme
tery, where they will stay until the return
of his dauehter, Miss Alice L. Main, who
is visiting in Guatemala, Central America.
After her return the body will be shipped
to Petaluma and interred in the family plat.
The Pavers' Union.
The Pavers' Union held a well- attended
meeting in IrishVAmerican Hall yesterday, and
elected officers for the ensuing six months.
A communication was received from Superin
tendent of Streets Ashworth stating that he
was always in favor of unionism, and that ho
would" positively refuse to employ any paver
not a member of the union. A committee of
three was appointed to present a set of en
grossed resolutions indorsing the administra
tion of Mr. A-hworth and his friendship for
the laboring man.
CELTS TO BUILD A HALL
Proceeds of the St. Patrick's
Day Celebration Will Be
Donated.
AN EXCELLENT PROGRAMME.
The Anniversary Will Be Fittingly
Observed With Music, Song and
Sentiment.
The Irish people of San Francisco and
their sons and daughters will celebrate the
forthcoming anniversary of their patron
saint in a manner worthy the race and the
event. For several weeks past the}' have
been energetically preparing for the affair.
It is expected that the celebration will be
almost as elaborate as the memorable Ire
land day at the Midwinter Fair, when
100,000 people passed through the gates
and joined in recalling the glories of Ire
land and the valor of Irishmen.
The Celts are making a strong effort to
build a suitable hall in San Francisco that
their different societies may find suitable
accommodations under one roof. With
this object in view it is hoped to realize a
large sum from the celebration of St. Pat
rick's day that it may form the nucleus of
a building fund. Already a large number
of tickets have been sold, as the purpose
of the celebration, apart from the splendid
sentiment attached to it, appeals to the
generosity and good will of all classes of
citizens.
Tbe new hall will be somewhere on
Market street. Several sites have already
j been submitted to the committee. When
j the site is finally choseu clans will be pre
: pared and a building that will at onoe be
j an ornament to the City and a credit to
I the Celtic race will be erected.
The convention having in charge the
I arrangements for the celebration of the
j day met again at the Knights of the Red
; Branch hall yesterday afternoon. Thomas
I R. Bannerman occupied the chair and
Secretary McCormick recorded the mm!
! utes of the meeting. Reports were re
ceived from the different committees and
j it was shown that the work attending the
; celebration was being in no wise neglected.
j Captain Jerome Deasy, who is president of
j the County board of the A. O. H. reoorting
j from the committee on printing, said that
! the affair had been generally advertised.
I J.' J.Gil dea stated that the music had all
| been arranged for and John Mulhern men
tioned that all the arrangements had thus
far been perfected. The chairman said
that Judge J. F. Sullivan had consented
to deliver the oration on the occasion and
! that H. S. Sutherland, a promising young
writer, had prepared a poem. Stereopticon
views of Ireland will be presented. There
would be music all the afternoon and even
ing and he felt certain that the celebration
would be one of the best ever held by the
Irish people of San Francisco.
It was announced that the committee of
; arrangements would hold a meeting on
' Wednesday evening and the convention
j adjourned until Sunday next.
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
An Entertainment by Buena Vista
Parlor, Native Daughters
Golden West.
LODGE OF PERFECTION NO. 1.
Workmen's Convention Concerning
Proposed Changes— Picnics by the
Foresters— National Canton.
Masonic Installation.
The recently et»rted officers or Yerha }?uena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1 were lustalled in n very
Impressive manner last Friday night. Following
tre the names of those who were installed : Henry
Uruner. venerable master: William J. Smith.
senior warden; C. W. Conlisk, junior warden: Thad
B. Kent, orator: William S. Moses, almoner; Lipp
n-van treasurer; Ueorge .1. Hobe, secretary:
Frank O. Allen, master of ceremonies: Louis A.
Mnrch, senior expert: 1". C Van Schalck. junior
expert: John M. Smith. captain of the guard; John
U'Arcy, tyler.
Order Eastern Star.
The grand patron visited Harmony Chapter
last Friday. To-day he will leaveonatour of visita
tion, calling on the chapters at Porterville, Reedly,
hanger, Selma and 1 tilare.
A new chapter will probably be instituted at
Delano on Thursday next.
At a meeting held recently Pomona Chapter
elected twenty-four candidates and received
twelve applications.
At its iiext meeting Golden Gate Chapter will in
itiate several candidates. On the 16th of April
this chapter will give an entertainment in colaen
Gate Hall.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows. .
The visit of T'nity I.odze to Golden Kule Lodge
of Oakland on las: Friday night was a great event
in the history of the two lodges. A very enjoyable
time was spent, by the receiving and visiting
members.
Grand Sire J. W. Stebbins has lssuel a circular
letter to all grand and subordinate bodies nnder
the jurisdiction of the order to take appropriate
action for the due commemoration of the seventy-
Beventh anniversary of the order. A large num
ber of the subordinate lodges of this sute have
signified their intention ot observing the day.
Porter Lodge will celebrate its anniversary on
the 15th of April. It is likely that the Vet'ernn
odd Fellows will be invited to take part in the
event.
The librarylcommi'tee lias Issued a circular em
bodying the report recently adopted by inciriis
tees" for the extension of the usefulness of the
library. A meeting will be held on the '2lst inst.
for the purpose of receiving reports from the sub
ordinates on the proposition to have each become
a contrlrmtinglodge.
A National cantotunont of the entire army of the
Patriarchs Militant will be held in Buffalo. N. V.,
cAnmencing on the 6th of August. This will he
tIV first of the kind, and the commander-in-chief
expresses the hope that department command' rs
will not order department cantonment* this year.
but will encourage their respective commands to
make arrangements to attend the National one.
Prizes amounting to $2000 will be offered.
Mystic Lodge of Salt Lake City. T'tah. has under
date of the 3d inst. stnt out a notice to all grand
jurisdictions that David B. Lafavor is no longer a
member of the lodge and order.
The board of trustees of the Odd Fellows' Home
at Thermalito at a meeting held last week decided
to proceed to make necessary improvements.- Of
the inmates now in the home there are 18 from San
Francisco, 2 from Oakland. 1 from San Jose and
44 from the interior of the State, which shows
that while the bay counties have numerically one
third of the entire membership of the order the
majority of the inmates are not from those coun
ties.
The subject of the proposed home for tin- or
phans of Odd Fellows was informally discussed.
The directors are willing that the Rebekahs should
have charge of the orphans ami they are willing
to give them for temporary use a cottage and
three acres of ground near the home until they «;.n
find a place which they might deem more suitable.
The cottage will accommodate twenty little oneg.
Sallle K. Wolf of the advisory board has ad
dressed a letter to the Rebekah lodges in which
she says: "On the grounds (at Thermalitoi there is
a neat cottage intended for a temporary orphanage
to be used until a larger building should be needed.
To the surprise of all this cottage is even now in
adequate to accommodate all the entitled little
ones who sees admission at its doors: and thus the
urgent necessity of a larger and more comn:odlous
building presents itself. The Orphans' Home ad
visory board has decided to make an appeal to the
Rebekah lodges in this jurisdiction with a vl»w of
raising funds necessary to erect suitable buildings,
beautiful grounds adjacent to the oricinal home
tract having already been placed at our disposal
for building purposes. We feel that there is not a
Rebekah in California who is not able ana willing
to contribute from his or her private purise, if need
be. the small sum of 60 cents toward such a build
ing fund."
There are 118 Rebekah lodges in California.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Golden Gate Lodge had an old-time pleasant
meeting in the lodgeroom last Thursday. Alter
the regular business of the lodge had been disposed
Of a portion of which was the adoption of a resolu
tion imposing a penalty on any member who
within thirty days fails to give his correct address
to the recorder and the financier, speeches were
made by Past Masters Malloy, Jacobs. Danton and
Friermuth. and then there were songs and recita
tions, all of which furnished instruction and
amusement to those present.
Grand Recorder Hirshberg left this City last
Saturday for Meadvllle. Pa., for the purpose of at
tending a convention that is to discuss propositions
of graded assessments, classified beneficiary certi
ficates, age limit and the advisability of allowing
women to become members of the order.
Some night during the session of the Grand
Lodge in April there will be an exemplification of
the ritualistic work with its elaboration, screen
work, drill and so forth by a select team.
The representatives-elect to the Grand T,odfre
held a meeting last Monday nizht and discuss-!
matters that are likely to be considered at the
next session of the Grand Lodge. One proposition
discussed was the reduction of renresentation, one
representative holdinc that a lodge with a mem
bership of loss than fifty should not be allowed
representation.
As previously annonnced In this department
there are several candidates for the office of gruti'l
overseer. At this time those named are: Ex-
Judge Robert Ferral of Spartan Lodge, K. F. Joy
of \ alley Ledge and Herman Schaffner of Memo
rial Lodge.
The Pust Masters' Association is making ar
rangements for a grand initiation of candidates
into the .Mo.-uiian degree on the night of the Bth of
April.
Last Monday the amplified ritualistic wortc of
the Workman's degree was conferred on three can
didates in the lodgeroom of Oakleaf I,ort^e. The
master wor man's chair was occupied by Grand
Lecturer Danforth, and the lectures were delivered
by C. H. Dunton. P. M. W. On Thursday night
the work was exemplified In the lodgeroom of Pa
cific Lodge, K. W. Marston. P. M. W.. being the
lecturer. At each of these meetings there was a
large attendance and the new work was highly
commended.
Degree of Honor.
Tn consequence of wrong data furnished, the an
nouncement was made last week that Silver Spray
would meet on the first and third Thursdays of
each month. The meeting uights are the first and
third Wednesdays of each month.
Last Wednesday silver Spray Lodge initiated
seven candidates and afterthe work was overthere
was a pleasant time, the members presenting a pro
gramme of music and song.
Delegates from the lodges of Alameda County
met last Wednesday in the grand recorder's otiice
for the jmrjiose of making arrangements for the
en'>Ttainment to he given to the delegates to the
<:raiid Lodge, which is to meet on the 9th of April.
The enterta nment will be in the nature of a lite
r.»rv anl musical one, in which members of the
degree will take part.
Last Monday the members of Dawn of Hope. Sil
ver Star and Ivy lodges of Oakland, wishing to
show their appreciation of the goo<i work of Depu y
Kva Cocan, invited her to a joint meeting, and Mrs.
AnmiWood.on behalf of thos<e present, in an eloquent
adiire.ss pnsented her a handsome pair of opera
plasses. ihe sneaker referred to the conscientious
and attentive manner in which the deputy has dis
charged her duties and declared that the" example
she set is worthy of imitation by many. The dep
uty, who Is a good elocutionist, was 'at a loss tor
words to express her thanks: she said "thank
yen" and cr>d .
On the 16th inst. W. H. Barnes. P. O. M.,1 wll
pay a visit to Ivy Lodge in Oakland and talk of the
twnericiary feature of the order. Silver Spray
Lodge will visit Ivy that night.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
Last Thursday evening Xl Pajaro parlor of W.at-
Bonvilie gave a dime euchre party in Masonic Hall,
at which there were more than a hundred jnjests.
Pretty prizes were awarded to the winners and
refreshments were served. Among the prominent
members of the order then- weie District Deputy
i. rand President Miss Stella Flnkeldey and ilrs.
B. French of Santa Cruz parlor..
i'ajnro parlor will give a leap-year party tn the
Opera-house on the evening of the lOtu of April.
Buena Vista Parlor, N. D. G. W.
Ijist Thursday evening the members of Buena
V It Tarlor Native Daughters of the Oolde:i West
entertained nenrly 600 of their friends in social
Hall, tn the Native Sons' new building. The hall
had been tastefully decoreted with tri-colored
bunting in accord with the well-known patriotism
t>f the members of this parior. one of the most
pronounced in its love for old Glory. The iadies
l>f i he parlor were exceedingly attentive to the
L-ues'.s. ami did all in their power to maKe them
lumfcrtable so they could vujoy the entertain- i
ment. The first number on the programme an
nounced by President Tillie Braver, who icted as
mistress of* ceremonies, was an address by Mrs. S.
C. Baker, past president of the panor and at pres
ent district deputy.
She, in most eloquent language, for the benefit of
those unacquainted with the order, told of the or
ganization since it was started in Jackson, Ann
dor County, by Miss Relchling In 1886: of its pur
pose in the teaching of patriotism and reverence
for the star.spangled banner, in teaching the mem
bers the h,istorv of the Golden stnte and Inspiring
a deep respect for the pioneers who developed the
state and made known its possibilities. She also
spoke of the treat good the order has done iv as
sisting those who were stricken down by sickness
and in a quiet, unostentatious way. helping those
who stood in need. Her remarks, delivered with
a great deal of force, were warmly applauded.
This was followed by selections rendered by the
Buena Vista Mandolin Club, which gave its initial
performance. This rlnb is composed of Misnes
l-.tta O'Brien, Belle O'Brien, Minnie Kind. Ida
Garharino, Bertha Behiow, Annie Westhonse,
Mary Westhonse. Emma Bening and Lillie
Hem me. In addition to the mandolins there
were were a zither and guitar. The first number
wns a melody, followed by "Sweet Aiice, Ben
Bolt" as an encore. The young ladies showed re
markable precision in playing in unison, and the
sweet tones of the instruments delicately touched
by them produced a volume of music that was
pert'ectlv enchanting.
A prolonged outburst of applause that lasted for
sevt-rnl minutes testified the appreciation t.f the
audience. Miss Etta O'Brien, a young '.ady with a
voice clear and strong and very musical, rendered
a vocul solo, '-He Was a Prince," and. In response
to nn encore, gave "My Dreani of You.*' bv Kod
ney. both of which gave proof of the lady's high
musical talent. "Oh! Sir" was recited by Miss M.
Creighton: Pearl Fenton, a little miss iv Turkish
costume, gave a pretty fancy dnnce to tnmbourine
accompaniment. "The College Oil Can," a recita
tion, was given with a good deal of zest by Miss A.
Joseph!. H. . I. Di nan gave a vocal sole that was
ii - .wirM, an i then Paul Bernhardt of the
Olrmpic Club, n mn«"r of the art, gave an exhibi
tion of henvy club-swln^ing. The programme con
■ .ed with a. violin solo by R. Lachinan.
Tub pin aid. -lit. who performed the duties as
signed iier with much grace, then announced that
the floor would he cleared for dancing, and in a
little while the many couples were moving in
rhythmical motion to the strains of sweet music.
Refreshments were served during the evening.
T.nena Vista, of which Grand secretary Mrs.
Gecrgie C. Ryan Is a member, hos reason to feel
proud of its achievement last Wednesday evening.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Athens Parlor of Oakland was visited by Vice-
President Gesford. Grand Secretary Lnnstedt and
District Deputy Boldemann, who, after the busi
ness of the evening, were entertained by the Oak
landites.
Last Monday Grand Lecturer Clnrk visited So
nooiß Parlor, on Wednesday he was with San .lose
Parlor, on Friday he failed on Palo Alto Parlor,
and to-morrow he will visit Seaside Parlor at Half
moon Bay.
Grand Trustee Byington. District Deputy Bolde
mann and C. R. Hevenn visited Mt. Tamalpais
Parlor last week.
District Deputy J M. Leathers has succeeded in
having Esparto Parlor removed from F.sparto to
Madlaon, Yolo County.
F. c. sniythe is moving in the dir o ction of re
organizini: Invincibl- Parlor at Anah°im.
Grand President Dunne and Vice- President res
ford will visit St. Helens Parlor to-morrow. This
parlor is to consolidate with McLane Parlor at Cal
istoca.
Grand President Dunne is to visit the Alameda
parlor* during the month to ascertain how well
they are up in ritualistic work.
The Native Sons Hall A ssociation will elect di
rectors at the meeting to be held to-morrow even
ing.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
The state Council at Its meeting last week fixed
the per capita tax at 2ft cents per quarter on all
councils except new councils, which are exempt
for the first quarter of their existence.
The delegates to the State Council were present
at a meeting of Lincoln Council held last Thurs
day in this city, and a very pleasant evening was
spent. The delegates were the guests of I*, s. Grant
Council on Friday night.
A union meeting of th Q Alameda County councils
was held last Saturday in the hall ot Paul Revere
Council at Berkeley. Many vigorous and patriotic
aiiilr' sses were delivered.
Daughters of Liberty.
California Council will hold an open meeting in
Pythian Castle on Wednesday evening. There will
be a musical and literary programme and dancing.
The ladies in charge have made arrangements for
a s lendid entertainment.
Martha Washington Council will give an enter
tainment in the nature of an anniversary liall in
Union Square Hall on the evening of the '_'4rh insr.
On the evening of the 13th inst. the local coun
cils will, in a body, pay a fraternal visit to Oakland
Council.
Lust Wednesday the Indies of Oakland Council
treated the delegates to the State Council of Junior
Order Of Vnited American Mechanics to a colla
tion. The delegates greatly appreciated the treat,
and in eloquent language testified their gratitude.
From the expressions of delegates to the State
Council it Is probable that within two months tive
or six new councils of the Daughters of Liberty
will be organized.
The wife of .Hidce Bennett of F.I Dorado has an
nounced her intention of organizing a council in
her section of the country.
A new council (■ soon to be organized in Sacra
mento, and one is read y for institution in Los An
geles.
The Druids.
T>ast Monday evening Walhalla and Acorinn
croves were officially visited by o. n. Hoag. N. G.
A., who was accompanied by E. L. Wagner. P. X.
G. A., and John Mollison. grand secretary, and they
were met by a large attendance. Three applica
tions were received and two candidates initiated by
officers of W-alhalla Grove In a very satisfactory
manner. Addresses were made by the visitors
and by W. A. Henry, P. N. G. After the work was
over the visitor* and others became the guests of
Noble Arch W. Greenwood, some seventy sitting
to a toothsome collation.
on Tuesday evening the same Officials paid a
visit to California and Xl Dorado groves, when
two candidates were initiated, to let the grand offi
cors see how well the members of these groves un
derstand their duties. The transaction of tmsinesa
was followed by speeches, songs and a banquet, at
Carey's Hotel.
on Thursday the noble crand arch and thegrar.d
secretary paid a visit to Turlock Grove, and alter
the business of the grove was over H. }?. Waters
presided at an entertainment given in honor of the
visitors. There was a duet by Misses A. Waters
and M. Osborn, a brief address by the noble grand
arch, song by It. Robinson, remarits by the grand
secretary, song by Miss A. Waters, banjo and
guiiar by Mr. >-nowden and Miss Burns, song by o.
C. Roberts, duet by Mr. and Miss Proctor and
song by H. B. Water«. Hefreshnaents were served
and then dancing followed.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Oshonee Tribe has since the beginning of the
term made wonderful progress. It has adopted
thirty-five palefaces and has now three applica
tions on file. At the meeting of the tribe held last
Wednesday night the degree team of P. H. Hoff,
D.D., conferred the Hunter's degree on thirteen
and the Warrior's degree on ten who were entitled
to such. This, the first work of the team, was
very creditably performed. On the 17th of April
this tribe will give an entertainment and ball.
At the last meeting held of Bald F:agle Tribe
Past Sachem Reynolds, on behalf of Montezuma
Tribe, presented to Fred Brandt, P. G. R. and dis
trict deputy, a set of handsomely engrossed reso
lutions in appreciation of the many courtesies ex
tended and of the interest he has taken in the
order and district. The tribe received two appli
cations and closed the evening's work by partak
ing of corn and venison.
Modoc Tr.be at its meeting held last Thursday
conferred all the degrees on three candidates who
were entitled to receive them.
Committees are at work making preparations to
the end that the picnic to be given by the order on
the l'_'th of May, Tammany day, shall be a crand
success. The ladies of the councils will lendcclat
to the event.
The late Governor F. T. Greenhalge was a prom
inent Hed Man and a member of the Past Sachems'
Association of Massachusetts.
C. F. Burcman of this city, great chief of records,
hus been made an honorary member of the Past
Sarhems' Association of Massachusetts.
The Governor or Oklahoma is a member of Osage
Tribe of Guthrie.
The caravan of Red Men of St. Paul. Minn., re
cently visited Stilhvnti-r at the invitation of Mayor
(stable, who is a member of Pokegema Tribe, and
they all had a grand lime at nfc;is; provided by the
Mayor.
iflinols, Kentucky and Minnesota is each to have
a past sachems" association.
The proposition to increase the funeral benefits
in this reservation to $280 was recently discussed
and when put to a vote was defeated" by a large
majority.
. The second grand prize masquerade bull recently
given by White Kagle Tribe in Mannerbund Hail
on the Potrero. was a success in every way. The
hull was filled to its utmost capacity, there were
many beautiful costumes, many of them rich and
elaborate in design. During the evening Sachem
Henry Trueb delivered a lengthy address on the
growth of the order and the increased mtmbershiD
of White F.agle Tribe.
The grand march wat led by Mr. and Mrs. Peter
C. Blick. who, as prince and princess, made a
handsome couple. The music was furnished by
Allen & Himmins' band. The feature of the even
ing was an Indian village, which looked very
realistic. A number of valuable prizes were dis
tributed, tnat for the best sustained character be
ing awarded to Mr. Rhode, who assumed the char
acter of an Indian brave. Tne committee of ar
rangements was composed of J. H. Bippe, Henry
Trueb, Frank Walker, L. J. Dwyer and Peter C
BUCK.
Knights of Pythias.
The committee appointed to arrange n reception
for the representatives of the Grand Lodge at its
last meeting discussed a form of entertainment,
but adjourned without reaching any definite con
clusion. It is probable that there win be a brief
literary programme, promenade concert and ball
In tho Mechanics' Pavilion.
Colonel J. p. Abbott of Oakland has been ap
pointed assistant adjutant for the Brigade of Cali
tornia. Brigadier c. K. Nichols, commanding the
brigade, baa beea granted leave of absence and
permission to go witcout ;he limits of the st;,te.
In his absence colonel J. C. Lohmejer, ranking
Colouel of the brigade, will be in command.
On the last Saturday In February 11. Schaffner,
in his capacity of Imperial nawab, Instituted
Zeriu-Kapi Temple No. s'.'. Dramatic Order of
Knights of Khorassan. in Pythian Castle. The fol
lowing named «\re chosen officers: 11. Scuaffner
venerable sheik; C. L. Pattou, royal vizier; A. K.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
Stevens, grand emir; W. J. Kidd, secretary; C. W.
Nevin, treasurer; I). \\". Savior, mahedi; M. A.
Samuels, menial, and C. S. Scott, sahib.
A division of the rniform Hank will be Insti
tuted at Ha-ford on the 9th of April.
Grand Vice-chancellor C. F. McGlashan Of
Truckee, who was in the City a few days since, re
por.s Pvtliiunism flourishing in the far northeast.
Grand Chancellor Samuels will visit as fo'lows
during the week : Monday. Oceanslde Lodge: Tues
day, Themis .Lodge at Rscondido: Wednesday,
Lake Klsinore Lodge at Elsinore; Thursday, Porris
lodge: Monday, March 16, Sunnyside Lodge at
Riverside.
The ofHcers of the Supreme Lodge have decided
to change the place of meeting of the Supreme
Lodge from Minneapolis to Cleveland, 0., the date
being August '25 next. The encampment of the
Uniform Rank usually held at the time of the
meeting of the Grand Lodge will not be held this
year unless the transportation companies concede
a reasonable rate.
The Knights of Honor.
Grand Dictator Archibald was at Newman last
week, and on the evening of his visit three can
didates were initiated, and the prospects were that
at the following meeting ten more would be added
to the membership.
last Monday the grand dictator visited Anchor
and Liberty lodges in this City, on Tuesday he was
with I'nion Lodge and on Thnrsilav he was with
Vortnna and Keystone lodges. That riirht the
first named initiated four anil the latter six can
didates.
In ring the week the grand dictator visited Car
qulnez Ix)dce at Crockett.
At the meeting of erba Buenn Lodge to be held
this evening n number of candidates wll be initi
aled, and several are to be initiated at the meeting
of Liberty Lodge.
l*p to this date more than 800 applications to
join the order have been received.
The graud dictator will soon start on a visit
south and call on the lodges in Los Angeles, San
Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Excelsior Lodge has removed from its former
meeting place to Howerd street, near Seventeenth.
Aurora Lodge had a largely attended meeting
last Monday, and on the following: evening there
was a large meeting at "West Knd Lodge. These
lodges were visite<l by prominent members of the
order on the evenings named.
From all sides come announcements of social en
tertainments in the order. To-night Pacific Lodgo
wiM (jive a leap year party and entertainment.
Friday evening Seal Rock ixnige of Alcmeda will
give a social. A number of others are talked of.
American Legion of Honor.
Last week Bohemian Council after transacting
its regular business and discussing the report of
the joint committee, gave an old-time high jinks
under the skillful management of that Prince of
Bohemia, Commander Robert Ferral, assisted by
Collector C. D. Wheat. There was an excellent
programme and all enjoyed themselves.
Alta Council at its last meeting was entertained
with a number of short addresses, after which the
report of the joint committee was read and dis
cussed.
Myrtle Council will hereafter meet in Balboa
Hall in the building of the Nstlve Sons.
In New York City thpr» wpre initiated during
the month of January 20 candidates, an increase
of 103 initiated in the same city in January. 1895.
In the early part of last January Peter Cooper
Council received twenty-seven applications at one
meeting. At the first meeting in February Atlas
Council received twelve applications, six of ttmm
being presented by the vice-commander. A like
Interest can be demonstrated in this City if the
numbers of the councils will only work and not
rest content with the knowledge thnt there arc not
many deaths and that the membership roll is not
perceptibly diminishing.
At the close of 1895 there were 53.210 certifi
cates of the order in force, representing f 136,263,-
-000.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The picnic of the Foresters will be held In Agri
cultural Park. San Jose, the 17th of June.
Court Violet vtill give an entertainment In Social
Hall. A. O. F. building, on the evening of Tuesday,
the 17th.
Court Fremont will give an entertainment on the
evening of the 21st inst.
All the courts and circles of this city and Oak
land will cive a district school party on the even
ing of the 25th of April in 3id of the. picnic fund.
The executive council met last Saturday nicht
and completed arrangements for the meeting of
the Tlizher Court. Dr. Case of T T kiah and George
Robinson of Los Angeles were present at the
me. 'tine. . .
The juvenile court. Star of the Wesi, isjdotns:
well, showing at this time a membership of eiehty.
The junior For»sterstemaln in this court until IS
years Of a;e and then they aftiintte with a court of
adults. : :i-l-/i
Companions of the Forest. A. 0. F.
Golden Circle recently Instituted at Coulterville
is doing remarkably well, initiating candidates at
every mcci
A new circle is soon to be instituted at Fort
Bragg. A. Mark, the financial secretary of the
court at that place, is the moving spirit in the
matter.
Occidental Circle will give an April Fool prize
party In Social Hall. 102 O'Farrell street, on the
evenlnjof All Foosl' day.
Olympic Circle will give a ball on the evening of
the 14th inst.
Queen: of the Ked wood Circle of Uklah is act
ively engaged In making arrangements for the re- \
ceptlon of the rand Circle to be held at that place. ;
The circle has donated $100 toward transportation
ana ha- let contracts for the building of a meeting
place.for a banquet and excursions for visiting rr]>
resentatires.
Supreme chief Companion Mrs. Minnie Asher is
confined to her home by an attack of la grippe. .
California Council was visited last Wednesday by
Mrs. Boehm. deputy and president of the board.
Ouk Grove Circle will Initiate several candidates
at its next meetlne. . ■ -
Sunshine Circle of Merced was visited last week
by M. P. lilcht, deputy at lar*e.
There is still considerable talk as to possiblocan
didates to appear before the convention at T'klali.
P."J. Hyde of Franklin Crcle anil Mrs. Knnls of
Pride of the Forest circle of Oakland are men
tioned for the office of grand secretary.
Independent Foresters.
Court Diana at its meeting ■■ last Thursday Ini
tiated two candidates ana a number of applica
tions were received. Under the head of good of
the order a numherof short addresses were made.
Court Los Ange'.es has now 500 names on Its
roll. The officers - were recen'ivj installed by
High Chief Hanger cKlfresh. who for the occa
sion was attired in the full uniform of a brigadier
of ltoy»: Foresters. He was accompanied by his
staff, also in full uniform. A supper followed tho
installation, and all had a very enjoyable time. -
, During year 1895 the "snrplns fund was in
creased by f373.14H; making the total amount In
that fund on the first of last January 1,560,
--373 46.
Last year the order paid out $31,000 for disabil
ity claims and $91,000 tor sick and funeral bene
fits. - -..-'-
Companions of the Forest, F. 0. A.
A banquet given to the members was the man
ner In which Defiance : Circle on lust Thursday
celebrated its eighth anniversary. After discus
sing the good things offered the members spet.t an
evening with songs, < recitations and anecdotes.
During the evening L. C. Levey, on behalf of ; the
circle, presented to Junior Past Chief Companion
Miss Fannie Rosenberg a very handsome gold
badge. . -
The next and ninth session of the Grand Circle
will bo held ln : the city of Oakland during the
month of June, and the various circles are prepar
ing to elect delegates to. send there. : The circles of
oaklnnd are making arrangements to entertain
the delegates to the Grand Circle.
Young Men's Institute.
The grand directors at a meeting held last Mon
day night considered the work of the recent Su
preme Council in connection with the call for the
Grand Council to meet in its twelfth session at
Haywards. Two delegates will have to be elected
from each council, and these must be chosen with
in sixty days prior totho meeting of the Grand
Council. After the session of the Grand Council
the representation will be on the basis of member
ship. The directors appointed a committee from
the membership of the board on mileage consist
ine of A. K. Donike, T. B. MoOinniss and .lohn
O'Donnell. The following named were appointed a
committee on the revision of the constitution in
conforinlt3* with the ideas of the Supreme Coun
cil ; Past Grand President Klerce. Grand Presi
dent Lynch, Supreme Delegate McGlynn. Grand
Secretary Stanley and Director J. C. O'Donneil.
P. B. Hay of Borromean Council will Oeliver an
illustrated lecture on '-Ben Hnr' 1 before that coun
cil on the evening of the l'Jth inst. in Mission
Opera Hall.
At tho district meeting held on the 4th inst. in
the hall of Borroroean Council H.C. Hall, district
deputy, presided. There was a large attendance
and the greater part of the evening was taken up
with the discussion of a proposition to secure head
quarters for the order. The trend of opinion was
that the wisest course to be pursued is to secure
temporary headquarters where better accommoda
tions can be had than are at the place where they
are now located. The next district meeting will be
held !n the iiall of I;ualien Council at some date
to be fixed In the future.
Columbia Council will give its annual ball In Na
tive Sons' HhII on the evening of the 10th of April
it will be strictly by invitation.
B'ne B'rith.
. The following named committee on proposed
change of the beneficiary feature of the order, G.
Cobn, D. S. Hirshberg. Joseph ■ Rothschild, K.
Tausky and H. Gutstadt, has under consideration
tho plan submitted by Albert , Klkus at \ the tast
lie!d session of the Grand Lodge and the Morse
plan recently adopted by the order; of. Chosen
Friends. The committee : has ; held » meetings at
which the two plans have been discussed by the
members, but not hin« definite has been done. it
Is likely that a - plan ■ embracing \ the features of
both will be recommended to the - next Grand
J.odge. iMqmmg)|^ogteM^MpM|
B'ne B'ritb Hall Is being renovated and put in
first-class condition under the direction of Presi
dent Franklin of the Hall Association. The build
ing is tilled with tenants and the association is in a
prosperous condition. v -U. - s
Julius riatcheck. Rev. Dr, Vooroanger. Henry
Schwartz, IlHrris Marks, Simon Hofstadter, Ii?
--nat7. Kppertsbausen and A. Kronbergarc still de
liberating about a site for the B'ne B'riih free
school, but it Is probable that the committee will
decide ie occupy a lot • owned tby • the B'ne B'rith
Association on Natoma street. ■ -v
There is agrent deal ; of rivalry •■ between ' lodges
and members in the jurisdiction to secure the
prize offered for the iod'ee that will show the great
est membership in a given time and for the mem
ber who brings the greatest number of members
into a lodge in the same time. Last year the prize,
$50, went to Portland Lodge and the individual
prize, also $50, went to Sol Blaumauer of that
lodge. Blaumauerdonated the money to the lodge.
The Chosen Friends.
Last Monday Grand Recorder S. C. Wallls, os
sisied by Past supreme Councilor Arnold, insti
tuted Acorn Conncil in Oakland. The following
are the officers: Mrs. V. Booth, C: Klmer Meed,
V. C: W. C. Meagher, I.: D. Strong, S. : John Wil
son, T. : Mrs. \V. C. Meagh»r. prelate: Mrs. Bessie
Rule, M.: A. K. McCune, W.: Miss Hattie Levy,
G.; Annie Hauser, sentinel ; Mary K. Richardson,
P. C. There are thirty-two names on the charter
roll.
On Thursday evening Evans Council will ini
tiate five candidates, the work to be performed by
the initiatory team. The same evening the coun
cil will give a Card party. To-morrow evening the
initiatory team will initiate seven candidates for
America Council.
Social Council will give a social and entertain
ment in Washington Mall, Red Men's building, on
Thursday next.
Royal Arcanum.
Grand Regent K. E. Ewing of Ohio.whois now in
Los Angeles, en route to this City, will be the
guest of the evening at the meeting to be held by
Argonaut Council on the '23d inst. All the mem
bers in this district and vicinity have been invited
to be present, imd a large ana enthusiastic meeting
is looked for.
M. S. de Roco is now secretary of Argonaut
Council, vice Tlenrr G. Watrous, who for a number
of years held that oflice. Mr. Watrous, who has
been in Sacramento for a nnmbe' of weeks, an
nounces that should he remain in that city he will
start a council there.
Two candidates are slated for the next meeting
of Argonaut Council and six applications will be
presented. The degree team is working faithfully
and much good work is expected Of It.
Preparations are already being made for the
proper observance of Royal Arcanum duy.
Dr. Henry (i. McGlll." the council's medical ex
aminer, returned from Portland, Or, recently and
reports having had n thrilling experience on the
-i «? ' one which came near costing the coun
cil *3000.
The National Union.
Deputy Wells and members of the Cabinet vis
ited Pacific Council in Red Men's Hall last Thurs
day, and each made an instructive Address. Five
applications were received.
Last Wednesday there uere two initiations at
the meeting of California Council and three appli
cations were received. Delegates to the Cabinet
who »ere present took part in the initiation.
Deputy T. E. Cailised is to work in the interest
of San Krancisco Council.
Deputy Fennlson is organizing a new council in
Oakland, which will soon be instituted.
The proposition to raise assessments by the Sen
ate, and in that way create a large surplus fnnd,
is meeting with" a great deal of opposition
from the members, who at t'is time express
themselves as opposed to nny change. At the
monthly meeting of the Cabinet last Wednesday
the members expressed themselves as opposed to
the proposed change in any manner of collecting
assessments.
Woodmen of the World.
A grand open smoker will be given by Golden
Gate Camp in Social Hall, Alcazw building, on
the 25th inst.
The indications are that there will be much
activity In the bay camps during the current and
the next month.
31. T. Moses. P. H. C, delivered an interesting
address on "Fraternal Insurance"' at the smoker
recently given by Alpha Cnmp In Kast Oakland.
Cnder command of Consiil-i'ommnnder Boalc
the Alameda County degree team has been visit
ing the various camps in the district In which it
has jurisdiction, and it has been arousin? en
thusiasm by Its exemplification of the amplified
work.
Spruce Camp of Alameda cave its Hnnnnl min
strel show In Llndcrman's Opera-house last Fri
day. There wns a lur^e attendance, and an Inter
esting programme was presented.
Equitable Aid Union.
There will not bfl any class B assessments dur
ing the month of April.
At th<- last meeting of Oakland I'nion two can
aidatrs were initiated.
This union has made arrangements for a social
to t>e fciven on the evening of the 21st inst. In
Grand Army HhII. A lar^ r e crowd and a good time
are expecteo.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
-.- GRAND HOTEL. '••' V|!US*
Dr I W Hays Jr.GraisV \V Brownlle. Vallejo
Mrs J A Woodson, .*ac \V J Gray. San Jose i
\V G Goodman. Isli'ton F C Mnston, Oakland 
J \V Browning. Grand I ii C Lyons. Alanieda •■ ••• "
WF How^ll. Grand Isld C II McLean, Berkeley
11 A Fanson, Port osta X C Giichiist. Berkeley -
G B Robinson, Berkeley J L Wittemeyer, Berkley
If rs llerrold <fc fy, Boston Miss L Herrold.'. Boston
II Wittenberg, Portland Mrs H Wittenberg <fc fy.
s Wittenberg, Spokane Portland • . ' . •' ■
Mrs A M Brooks. Seattle A M speddon, N V *; S
Mrs F Erickssen. sLI) ' W H Stewart, Hollands
J A Fairchtld. Los Ang H B Johns, Fresno •
II A Jostro, Bakersfield W Zetzsch, Colo '■ . . '- ■
It X Coontz, U S • X J Howard. Honolulu i
LC Frnilen, Los Gatos W.K Hail, Wash- . .
A Harold, Mono A HogfaCS, N V " •" '.
A Adson, Portland ■ J X Overton, ; Tex '.■■'
Miss Overt on. Tex • , Mrs I'ayson, Los Angeles
X T Mason, .Ventura L J Talnter, Wash -
Miss Tainter, Wash ' A O Baker, Hamilton
H Block. Healdsbnnr J Wright, Seattle •■
G B Nichols, s L Oblspo C B Selwyn. San Diego >
A E Holden. N V : . Miss Voss, San Jose ,
A A Gardiner, Napa A g Burnett, Santa Rosa
0I) Pla'o. Modesto • W J McGee, Atuador
F H Webster. Minturn H Wriaht. NY * ■- . ■
J A Ardrew, Los Ang :if II Whenton, Minn v-
W F Thomas, Omaha II II Seaton, -Arbuckle
Mrs B Welch, Sacto L Bithell. Snistm •
LA Kalck. Wat-.onvllle W P McF»ne, Uklah '
A Towle, Towle W Laiißenor, Woodland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M D Youne, Vallejo Miss "A Warner, StY York
X McKee, New York F Itiiwton, New York
X s Wentwortn, .n York .1 X Zumfel, New York I
Miss I Maddern, N York Miss A AncelM. N York
Miss I. A nxeles, N York - C» A Beamel & w, N York
Miss C Beil, New Yor< Mis* II Bronner. N York
MissG Lynn, New York L Wilson, Brooklyn
.1 a HollHnd, New Yortc s F Johnson, Walnut Crk
F T Tibbets, Sacramento F W I.lies. Santa Cruz
G S Boblnson, Los Ang B Levy, Montana , : .
A W Drap< r, N V . X X Ding, Monterey .
C Stanbey, New York H L Moftett. Ventura
E A Cox, Boston J T Parant, Mass :
L C Kuhne ck mi. Chic J Schweyer & \\, Chicago
C Stanley. New York J Kristermis, Wis ■
O L Henderson Jr w, Cal J H Dickey, Chicago
.1 L Sullivan A w.Boston C X Davles. Chicago
MissM Di'Camp.ChicagoEO'Koiirke, N V
P Kvan, X V B. J B Aden, Vnllejo
A G Messling, Ohio H T Boyden, Cleveland
S C st John, Fresno W J Doherty. Cal
Vt W Luttln, Ctiic»?o Miss l<att in, Chicago
II L Burgwalt, Cal F L Burgwalt, Chl
E J Caldwell, La W B Granger, Cal
A C Israel, Chicago ■ . .
PALACE IIOTEL. \ ■ \-T.
A W Losan. L.os Angeles Miss Hvde, La Crosso ' •'■ '
Gen Dawson, Deadwood T J Felder, N V .
William J^-nnox, Colo 1' \V Hawley. NY ;v . !
E W Glddings Jr. Colo W F Parker Los Angeles
A L I'ukerman, Colo A M Ho!ter*& w Los Ang
F H Short, Fresno , H L Talbot, Boston
W H Powers, Kocliester X DeWitt, Albany . ,
W U Williams, N V Col II Trevelyan, Fresno
A Lothian, Los Angeles MrK Bolles&w. Chicago
MissLothlnn.LosAngeles H L Wnlker. NY.
B Smalley A w. N V Miss Smalley, Burlngton
Maj H A Banlett, D C MissßK\Vells,BurllnKton
Mri Banleit. I> C Miss Baxter, BurliiiKton
('Stein. Chicago capt G Howard, -II s A
B lleece, Cnicaro .- Mr I) G Drake <fe w, 111 ■
W X Muller A w. Ind Mr Van Buren & w, N V
C Spuhn, Portland X F Lelanil, Chicago
II 0 siruse, Brooklyn Mr G Bobinson it w, N V
C H Ward, Dcs Moines M ' Shields <fe w, Chicago
R Denniston, Pittsburg F Lane, N Y •-: .■•':.■; ,•
J X White & w, N V ■••• T P Spitz <fe w, N V
Mr «\; Mrs Barnum, N V T Hyde & w," Lacrosse
LICK HOfSh.. ; -'■ : '
Mrs Sat;e, Consrress Spgs S O Simmon A w.Oaklnd
L Huntly, Auburn - C L Welier, Cal • •;■.*•
S X lla^ins, Chicago L 8 Devol, Ohio >«< >"
J j Mooney.Visalia • Mrs I Devol, Ohio
J II Freeman, San Diego . S Frnzier San Jose V * - ,
I) J Cronin,- Los Angeles ; F 0 Garden, Sacramento
T U Bro.vn A w, Seattle A White, wA c. Wash
N B Whittaker, Niles ■■■■ M Brady. Fowler .
Dr Congdon, Sunta Cruz V J Beady, Petaluma . ,
J Mclntosh, Siockto.i C B Kea, l.omn Prieta
M.I Habar, San Jose • J Tally: & son, Stockton
G Jarden <k w. •San Jose J H liigijins Aw. Oakld
J H Brown, Madera : X Klchardson. Visali.i
M c Kfdmond, San Jose J II Moore, Los Angeles
H Mcßride, Oakland '
NEW WESTERN. , , '. \;.
Mrs J Abbott, Ls Angeles II Goßkett &'w, Illinois
O Heitdrlck. Alcatraz W F Bay, New York
B c Parson. New York. A H Gable. Benlcla
RTbompaon, Benicia G Beed, Oakland
J Miaick, oshorton C P Cripple,' Petaluma
J Madsen, Mt Eden F Glllespie, Angel Island
Mrs l onant, Stockton Mrs Markham.% Stockton
Mrs Madden. Stockton DJ McCarty. Harilah
I) O'Toole. Plymouth : J W Feeler, Orovilie >:.-
SL'N, MOON AND TII>IS.
V. S. Coast Avn Oeopktic Sckvey Tid*)
■ BnuKTis Published by Official -^'V, •
At'THORITV OF THK SfPKBINTKN T. ')' V
Monday, March 9. r. *■$'.] ."; - ' ■
Sun rises 6.29 ' Moon rises...... .4.02 am
Sunsets...:. 6.13. M00n 5et5.....'..
March-1H96.
4 1
!L \V| iHW| jt W|
Feet
I t
.a
i
2.08 2.9 7.4S 5.0 3.0^
! 3.11 2.51 8.48 5.0 5.45
! 4.00 2.3 9.44 1 5.0 4.22
I*4-40 1.8 10.351 6.0 74.52
518 1.4 11.21 4.8 6.29
H W Feet L W FoetH W
I 0.02 4.7 5.52 1.112,04
i 02 .' 4.7 : 6.-28 ; 0.8 12.40
I 11.16
• 11.40
L ' W
■ 5.55
i 6.19
4.7
47
-- i IB In the above exposition of tho tides ths
■any morning * tides are given In the left band
ooiumn, and tbe successive tides of the day in the
©Mer of occurrence as : to time. The second time
column give* the C ond tide of the day, the third
time comnin the third ride, and the last or right
aand column g\v the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three ; tides. . as sometimes
OKPcnM. The heights g l ven are additions '. to ; the
•oundings on - th« United r States J Coaat Surrey
cnitrts. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
i£, g .I.'^ lhon lhe number given Is subtractlve I
Wa »be aeath given by t&e chart* ■ ' ■
Explanation.
The arrow flies 'with the wind. The top figures
•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means nigh barometric pressure and
!s usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and l rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
VVben the pressure is high in the Interior and low
Hong the coast, and the isobars extend north and
south iiioiiK the coast, rain is probable; but when
the "low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With k
"hifcta" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather In win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
an opposite result.
MEATHKR BUREAU REPORT.
UsiTFiti States Department of AoRicrLTtTRE,
Wkather Bi.'RKAir, .San Francisco, March S,
1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka , last season 32.33: Red Bluff
14.53. last season 25.13; S;m Francisco 13.89, last
season 2-1.97: Fresno 4.93, last season 11.32; San
Luis Obispo 14.61, last season 22.46; Los Angeles
7.82, last season 11.68; San Diego 4.44, last season
10.17; Yuma, .88, last season 3.01.
The following are the maximum temperatures
reported from stations in ( alifornia to-day : Eureka
52, lied Bluff 60, San Francisco 58, Fresno 62.
Independence , San Luis Obispo 68, Los Angeles
68. San Diego 64, Yuma 73.
San Frands-o data: Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 46, mean 52. Rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours. .01).
An area of high pressure is moving inland over
Northern California, and will probably give gener
ally fair and slightly cooler weather over the conn
try north of the thirty-fifth parallel Monday nd
Monday night. The area of low presiure which
was over \ ancoavef last nischt has apparently
gun" northeastward overland, and is perhaps the
same low area thur appears to-night in the British
possessions north of|Momana.
The pressure has fallen over Arizona, but is
übout normal.
The temperature has remained stationary over
the entire Pacific Slope, except at W innemucca,
where it has fallen 10 degrees, and in Southern
Arizona, where it has risen 10 degrees. Ham is
falling at Fort Canby and at Seatle. otherwise the
weather is generally clear.
>orecust made at San Francisco tor thirty hours
ending midniclit, March 9, 189t>:
Northern California— Fair to-niirht and Monday;
cooler in the upper "acramento Valley Monday;
fresh northwesterly winds.
Southern California— Fair ;o-night and Monday;
light northerly winds.
-Nevada— Kair Monday; cooler in the southern
portion.
I'tan— -Cloudy weather Monday ; cooler.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday : light
westerly winds. Alkxandkr G. aicApik.
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALI, CALEXDAK.
MABCfT. 1898.
Bu. Mo.
i
la.
[W. Th.j Fr. 'Sa.
| 4 5 0 j 7
ill 12 13 jl4
18 10 120 21
1 2 !
! 7
h^Mjast Quarter,
v^/.,..- March U.
-
10,
11
\u
jCBi New Moon.
W March 4.
i
17
19
16
23 ;
i i i i
3 First Quarter
\JJ March 22.
—
24
1 25 1 26 127 28
i
*5 !
31
•tJ^ ■ Full Moon.
\\£J March 28.
OC*,.\..N M"JKA-U.t:ilS.
Date* or Departure l'romSan '>nnrl«co.
BTKAM :R. ! I'MTIVATIOX :
SA < r. i.
niR.
Queen....... P0rt1and....... Mcli. 9.loau I'ler 'i*
Walla Walla Vie A Pjri Snd MchlO. 9am Pier 9
BantaKouu. ban D1ee0..... MohlO.llAM Pier 11
Australia.... Honolulu :. MchlO.lOAM Oceanic
P0m0na..... ti:ii.MM>lil;Kay McblO. '2pm Pier 9
>loiu»t Coos Bar.. Mchl"). !Spm Oceanic
W0e0ti...... Kcl Biver Mchll. 9am Pier 13
araco ...... roo« nay...... Mciill,lOam Pier 13
»*t Pani...... * Newoort ...... Mchl-2. 9am Pier 11
Coos 8ay.... Mexic0........ Mch 12, 10 am Pier 11
C0r0na...... San Dieiro . Mclil4,llam Pier 11
H*(eof Cai . Portland. „.... slchl4.]()A»i Plpr2t
Cni1na........ China* Japn Mchli, 3pm PMS9
Umaillla Vie & Pet and Mchls. 9am Pier 9
STK.UIERS TO AKKIVK.
■ ' • Stkaiikr I • ■■.-..-'• From -...-
Weeott... | Eel River......
Arae0.' .;;.;.... coo% 8ar................
Costa Rica...... Departure Bay
Progreso Seattle . . .
P0m0na...:..... Humboidl 8ay.:. ......".
H0mer.......... Coos \t5av.. ..............
fctfani. ......... Newp0rt.".........'. ......'
City of Sydney. Panama..
Unaatllla Victoria A I'ueet Sound
State. of Ca1..... Portland.;."..;
C0r0na..;....... San Diego ;.....;..:
Alani*»da. Syriney..;... .....; ......
£an£emto lacoma ;.......
Crescent City... Crescent Cur.
Eureka Newport ........... . . ....
Sunol.'. .v.. ...... (irnvs Harbor
Soul Coast..... Portland ...... ..........
Empire. Portland ..:...
Del N0ne....... Uravs Harb0r..;........
Cltvot Puebla.. Victont «c I'uget souni
Queen........... P0rt1and.,;... ...........
KIIM
'..Mch 9
! ..Men 9
..Mch 9
..Mch . d
..Mch 9
..Mch 9
..Mch 10
..Mch 10
..Mchll
. Mch 11
..Mch 12
..Mch 12
..Mch 12
! ..Mch 14
..Mch 14
1 ..Mch 16
..Mchl6
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
SHirPINU INTELLJCJKN'CK.
. Arrived. .
SI'NDAY. March 8.
'Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins &
to. .
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson, 1 8 ; hours from Green
wood; r r ties, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. 15 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and mdse. to J s Klmball. ' "
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 3o hours from Moss Land
ing, etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins & Co. -. •
'Haw ship Hawaiian Isles. Kustel, 75 days from
Newcastle, Nsw : 3222 tons coal, to J J Moore.
BriK Lurline, Miller. 18 days from Kahului;
pass and mdse. to Allen <fcLewis. - -
Bktn Oarainer City. ; 7 «-, days from Shoal water
Bay; 867 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
. Schr Glen, Jorgensen." 7 days from Columbia
River; lumber, to W A Dwight. OaKlaud direct.
■ c '■-. ' Sailed. .^
srSDAV. March 8.
Stmr Willamette Valley, Yon Helms, Guaymas.
| Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield. Tacoma.
Stmr Eureka. Jepsen, San Pedro.
■■ i. Stmr Cleone, Miller. ■■■•:: - *
; Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay. .
Htmr Farallon. Roberts, Yaquina Bay.
Br ship Senator, Lewis, Seattle.
';Schr Ktta B, Madsen, Fort Koss.
Schr Falcon, eettersen, Kodiak.
' tychi Gen siglln, Thomas, KodlaW.
; Schr Reliance. -
• Schr Marie E Smith, Bergman, Tacoma.
■ Te.ejraphic.
POINT _ LOBOS-March 8-10 r M-Woath«
foggy: wind SW; velocity H uiiies.
Domestio Port*.
PORT BLAKELKY- Arrived Marß-Stmr Co
rona, from Redondo. :': , . : .^
TATOOSH-l'ass^l Mar 8-Schr - Meteor, from
Port Gamble' ior ; San Pedro: ship' Klwell, hence
Jeb n^ for .Nanaimo; ship Glory of the Seas, hence
leb 27 for Nanalmo: Br shio Soudan, from Ta
coma for Queenstown. ■■ ■ ■ ; .. . ■- . ' ... ■■ •- "■
v CLALLAM BAY- Fn bay Mar '■ 8-Br ship Gen
Gordon, from San Diesro tor Puget Sound: bark
*errls b Thompson, frm Seattle for San Francisco
. bark Forest Queen, heuce Feb 21 for Coal Harbor
oktn Skaßit, from Port Gamble tor Honolulu- schr
W F Jewett. hence Feb 22.
? ASTORI A-Sailed Mar 8-Btmr South Coast, for
Ban Francisco, y •■■-.-- ■. . '
k - PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Mar 8-Stm'r
Miiu-ola, for Comox. ; .
EURKKA-Arrived Mar 7-Schr Jennie Thelln
hence Mar 4: stmr Alice Bianchard, hence Mar 5
r ßalled Mar 7-Stmr Westport. for San Francisco!
Mar B— Stmr Pomona and National - City, for San
Francisco; stmr Alice Blanchard. for Eureka and
Astoria; schr Elnorah, for San Pedro. t
■ r VENTURA— Arrived Mar 8-Stmr Geo Loomis,
hence Mar 7. '
TACOMA-Arrived Mar 7-Stmr San Benlto
hence Mar 4, and sails Mar 9. • ■ , lg '
.^ WOOD-SaileU Mar 8-Stmr Alcasar. lor
Ban Francisco.
BOWEXS LANDlNG— Arrived Mar S-Scbr
Newark, hence Mar 7.
CASPAK-Arrlved Mar B— Stmr Jewel, hence
Mar 7.
POINT A P. EN A— Arrived Mar 8-Stmr Whltes
boro, hence Mar 7.
bailed Mar B— Simr Whiiesboro, for San Fran
cisco.
Foreign Ports.
OCOS— Arrived Feb 26— Bark llelen W Almy,
hence Jan '29.
iiniiortatioH.
FORTBBAGO-Per Noyo-34 bdls hides and
pelts, 3 pkgs castings, 269 M ft lumber, 1 cs tails,
1 cs tiiii, 1 bd l spokes.
MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l cs e^gs, 1 pui
ley. 1 bx ouiier.
Blanco— 1 cs ejrgs.
Watsonville— 1 ukg mrlse.
Moro C0j0— 2619 sks barley.
Santa Cruz— 7 cs cheese, 7 rolls leather, 1000 bbls
lime, 6 bxs fish.
Pigeon Point— 4s ca cheese, 13 bxs butter.
KAHULUI— Per Lurline-8560 bags sogar, 34
hides.
S/.N DIEQO— Per Santa Rosa— IH3 pkgs mdse,
643 bxs oranges, 31 hf JO qr bbls pickled fish, 1 sk
tails, 1 cs cigars. 448 bxs lemons, 9 bxs limes. 32
cs honor. 1 kg olivps, 1 bx apples, 22 bbls tallow,
3 hbls glne stock, 79 sks bonea, 143 bdls hidfs.
Re<londo-3 pkgrsmdse. 58 bxs lemons, 18 pun
cheons, 226 hxs oranges, 740 sheep.
.Los Angelea, via Re ion do— 6 pkssmdse.
Port Los Angeles- 11 pkgs mdse. 1 c.i wine, 15
bxs oranges, 32 bxs lemons, 17 sks peas.
Sanra Barbara— 2 bxs sardines. 5 bxs herrings, 1
bx paner bags, i bx butter. f>9 bxs oranges, ii sks
dr apricots, 113 bxs lemons. 1 horse.
Port Harford. etc— 2o bxs fish, 100 cseees, 21
tubs 168 bxs butter, 20 sks peas, 1 coop chickens,
2 coops poultry, 9 dressed calves, 7 cs cheese, 1 cs
millinery, 7 pkgs mdse, 2 jackscrews, 7 Sks dried
fruif, J/ a bbl whisky.
Los Angeles, via Port LosAneeles— l cs cigars,
42 pkgs mdse, 146 cs 15 crts starch, 5 cs wine, Va
bbl whisky.
Wlnthrop— l6 bxs oranges.
Arroyo Grande— 247 sks beans.
Nlpomo— 474 sks beans.
Bocksiding— 49o sks rock.
Corntg;n*»(M.
Per Noyo-W W Montague A Co: Milan! A Co:
Baker & Hamilton; W B Sumner A Co: Union
Lumber Co.
Per Gipsy— Hllmer. Bredhoff A Schuli: Arctic
Oil Works; H Dutard; Enterprise Brewery: J Kes
ing; n:ilsßro3: HCowell*Co: Getz Bros <fe Co;
I Dairymen's Union; Wheaton, Brton A Co: Kron
Tanning Co; Norton, Teller & Co; Herman Joost;
Dodge, Sweeney <fe Co.
Far Santa Rosn— Sanborn, Vail A Co; C B Bode;
Selby Smelting ana Lead Co; C W R Fonl: Miller,
Sloss A Scott: Dodge, Sweeney A Co; W E Ham
mond; Hilmer. Bredhoff A Schulz: MCHunt; M
F Cabral; Lievre, Fricke A Co: Kohler * Chase:
OCiNCo; Meso, Toyo <fe Co: Dr A H Fitz: W E
Pettis: Harry Unna Co; Neustadter Bros: J Her
man; Milwaukee Brewery; A Galli Fruit Co; Ben
nett * Murray: San Francisco Brewery; s>tauge«fc
Jamieke: Slrtemann, Lacbman A Co: H O Green
hood ; W B Sumner A Co : Immel A Co: L Scatena
A Co; Campodonico A Malcolm : Gould A Jaudm :
J Ivancovich & Co; Wood. Curtis A Co: A L Bryan
Shoo Co: Eveleth&Xash: Gray & Earbieri: W F
Mitcliell; Geo R Starr A Co: Washington Mfg Co;
San Francisco Automatic Register Co: AnoerType
Foundry; Boston Woven Hose A Rubber Co: J F
Olrlchs: Wetmore Bros: X 3 Bowen A Co; H Levy:
D E Allison <fc Co; Hoffman, F A Co; Lacnman A
Jaoobi: W W JonPsACo; New Home Sewing
marhloeCo; J Everding A Co: WW Fung Jr: C
M Cole; Goodall, Perkins A Co; KowalskyACo;
D Ftiagt A Co: Kiehlmeyer A Co: J Jlnrr: Burnell
Bros; Banibprgor Bros; Bprger A Co; F H Ames
<fc Co: Dunham, Carrigan <S Co: W T Crossley ; J E
Lewis: Whitman. Barnes A Co; F W Butler <fe Co:
Amer Press Assn: W T Gnrrett <fe Co: H A Shep
pard; Sherman, Clay A Co: J P Thomas; Butler,
Sch.vpitzer <£ Co; 0 E Whitney A Co: H Dufard;
Russ, Sanders A Co ; Trobock A Bergen ; Hills Bros ;
Dodge, sweenev A Co: H N Tilden A Co: Pac Gas
Imp Co; Getz Bros A Co: Dairymen's Union: Chas
Jacobson A Co: Smith's Cash Store: S Levy A Co;
Wheaton, Breon A Co: Witzel A Baker: PO'Neil:
Jonas Erlancer A Co; Brigham, Hoppe A Co; H
Kirchman A Co; Marshall, Teggart A Co; Labor
Exchange; II Heckman A Co: Dalton Bros: Hill
house A Reardon: J M Moore A Co: Western Meat
Co; Reilly, Walton A Co: Sherry. Avilla A Co; J
fctutz; LD Stone A Co: Norton/Teller A Co: J M
Kile: Tillmann A Bendel: 0 Carpy & Co: F Cavag
naro: Enterprise Brewery; A Levy & Co; Phila
delphia Brewery: Milanl A Co; American Union
Fish Co: Pac Coast Fish Co; P Gusmanl A Co;
Golden West Fish Co.
for late Shipping Tnteltifienre Bee Thirteenth Page.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COM steamship COMPiSI
CUT RATES
- — ,TO
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
3Plx*flrt Class 48.00
Beooud Class ... SSOO
. Meals and berth tnoluded.
Ticket Office— -4 Sew llontgomery Street,
QOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
Ueaeral Agent*.
astlaMMtland.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15........ ............. 9 and 19
Estate of California snlli March 14 and .1
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Geni. Snpts.
F. F..CONINOB, General Agen',,
■■' 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASf
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /Yf/K,
O Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as SSBm.
follon-s: » ; ■ .
For Mary Island, Lorlni?, Wrangel. Juneau, Kll- j
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a. v., March 16, 30,
April. 14. 29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C>, Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New ;
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m. I
March 5, 10. 15, 1.0, 25. «0. and every fifth 1
day toereafter, connecting at Vancouver with '
the C. I. H. R.. a: Tocoin* with N. P. R. R., J
at Seattle. with Q, N. Ry., at Por; Townsend wita j
Alaska steamers. '.
For Eureka. A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum- :
boldt Bny) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., Mnrch 2. 6, 10,
14. 18, Slat, 2«, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, San Pedro, East Saa j
1 Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9a. if.. March I
: 4. k lv. Its, 20, 24. 28, and every tourth day j
' thereafter. '■•■ .
For San Dleiro, stopping only at Port Harford \
(San '■■ Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los j
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M., March 2. 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26. 30, and '
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La I
Paz. Altata and Guayruas (Mexico), str. Willam- !
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
UOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Oen'l Agents.
■ - ; -•- 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEAIIC STEAMSHIP COMPAH.
Coolgardie gold fields
■^Trn "^av (Kreemantle), Austra-
HrtiW ' lia; *'-"- >0 first class;
Jm& rLONTTiifrj. $lin steerage. Lowes;
JSm jl*— '"^i I rates to Capetown,
mHm&r 7 '^Jp~T^k^ South Africa.
■B/ '}j^^i» >«k Steamship Australia,
WBf • v4A> W\ \I(M Honolulu only. Tues-
lamV jjfJKt&F /Mm Australian steamer,
. Honolulu and Auck-
VPBS^iaßr lanJ, Thursday, April
: - 7" iiapiiißfci , - ._, at 2p. if.
;. SpicciAt. Parties.— Reduced ratea for parties
March 10 and April 7.
-, .- . Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPKECKELS BKOS. CO.,
.•..•• General Agent 3. .
COIPIGIIE GENERAL TRAXSATLASTIQUE
, French Line to Havre. '
COMPANY'SPIER (NEW), 42 NORTH J^gft \
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by sS&Si.
this line avoid both transit oy English rallwuy uuj
t hi- discomfort of crossing the channel- in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris.
fim-cias.s $100: second-class, $116.
LAGASCOONE. Capt. Baudelon
■:■-.': .:................. ......March 14, 10*. If
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe..............
'....:............... .March 21, 5 a. v
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf ..............
..:.:. ..March 28, id a. m
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. De10nc1e.,. ..........
• April 4, 6a.11
ay For further particulars apply to
- ;; .i" -■--*> - A. FORGET, Agent,
Na 3 Bowling Green, New York.
I ,T. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomerr
avenue. San Francisco. : ■ • .
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPAdET COMPAIS}
STEAMERS i LEAVE ASPIN W £*ggu
O fortnightly for the West Indies and e9ttS9
Southampton, '; calling - en a route f at - Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. £ '■ - ; - " -
m Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
raclnc Mall 8. 8. Co., issued for freight and treaa-
i Veto direct ports in England and Germany.; ' 2
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $!!«'»; thtH
■** IW Mi Foi further particulars apply to
VAKKOTT <fe CO., A^uis. '
. ■.'■■ : : • ■ -...- . - 306 California at.
sToralsTiiiF
Leave Pier No. 8. Was h l ton St*
At 5 P. M, Daily, Kxcapt Sun. lay. .
JW Accommodations Reserved by r»i.-i>iiua«.
-■•:"/:- BTKAMKK : . ; -
T. C. TVmlker. ? .1. D. l«l«m.
Mary Oarratt, ; City or M took ton.
Telephone Main WBr CjUt £>'ay. auii liuut. Ui^
r RAILROAD TRAVEL.
; BIfiltillCTIOJI " Iit:KATB--B¥" ; K^IL
:..-j;;->:' ... .to.. ..■-- ■ ■."___;, ■
. ■ I^ave from S. P. CO.-3 Fprry lan^n* foot
$5.00 sieeier ALSO
nrst^class "including berth * glO —
Pullman Ftaridard Sleeper, V- v
SPECIAL NOTICE.
, points on Sale at iieduced i4»tes.
For further information apply at a- ,_.
613 MARKKT STREET (Grand Hotel
- Ticket Office), San u ncl^ ODMA v
«™£Z^&, _ _ " H -C?e°n°^s A^
•oirmmw PAtJiFic contrAMT.
(PACiriO BVSTEM.> 1, .
Tralso leaTe »ml «ro «l»e # *o rrlir *•
, NAN FItAKCIftiCO. _^
tSAVit - Fr.QM November 20. ISOS. - arjutJ
"~6:30a Haywards, Xiles and Way Stetions.. J 2!i?t
1 7:O0a Atlantic Express, <Jg<lei> and Last.. *-+-»r
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTille. Eurcsey. Bacra- _._
mcnto. and Hedding via Davu.... 7.10P
7:3* a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calia- __--
i toga and Santa Rosa •••••• *'*■"',
S>Z«A Niles, Kau Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. MarysTille, Red Bluff . ,
and Sundays excepted Uroville ,Z"1 2l
■A:80a Peters and Milton ;•• _7 s i«
9:«0a Han Leandro, Haywards ft Way St ns ll»4ff*
•:OOaLos Angeles Expres3, Raymond,
(for Yosemlte), Santa Barbara ,
an.l Los Anceles... ,i'i«*
1 »te«A Martinez and StocJtton *? «i*
0:OCa San Leandro, Haywarda and Nilea.. I: 'J* P
: 2:00 m San Leandro, Haywards 4 Way St'ns 2:40*
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore. ..... .® : *2 A
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers •Ji:».op
1 tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations 12 : z2 r
l »:OOp San Leandro, Haywards k Way St'ns «:45F
4:OOp San Leandro, Haywards 4 Way St'ns 0i43»
4:ooi> Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, Xl Verano and ,_j
BantaEosa.. WM
! . <<••» Benl«i.i. Esparto, Woodland, », "•
■ v Knights Landing, - Marysville, j
. - ■ Oro»illo and Sacramento I#i4*«
4tS«r Niles, San Joa^, LiTermore and
Stockton . 7ilof
. . 8:99P San Leandro, Haywards & Way Sfns 8:40 a
. SiSOp New Orleans Vresuo.Bakers. 9
, . field, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, .
Deming, El Paso, hew Orleans and
. Ea5t....;.: [fi**M
B:S*p Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for MojaTe and East 10:43 a
• :OOp European Mail, Ogden and East.... 8:4^4
6:00p Havnards, Niles and San Jose 7:454
17:00pVaUejo t7:4B«*
7:00p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
Tille, Redding, Portlaud. Puget
Sound and East 1 0:4
• 7:OOp San Leandro. Haywards k Way Sfns 1 Ox3O»
. 9:OOp San Leandro, Hay wards* Way St'ns tfl!£:*«Af
«l«i«3p " Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, Now Orleans />.
. and East im4Ssf
ftll»l»rfl»BLeandro,Haywara3&WaySt'n« 7;1»A
BAHTA CRUZ PITISION (Xarron Oaage). "^
8:13 a Newark, Centerville.Saii.lose.Feltou,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations. SUMi
•Stlffp Newark, Centerville, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Cr?ek,
Santa Cruz and Principal War
Stations *llt2**
4:19p Newark. .San Jose and Los Gatos.... 9:30 a,
t11:45p Hunters 1 Rzcunion. Ban Jose and
J Way Stations ' 17>20y
COAST IHVISION (Tliird A Tommenil SU.) '
•:45a San Josa an<l Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y ),..,'... 1:45 0
Sil3a San Jose, Tres Piuos, Ruuta Cruz, -
PaciQo Grove, Paso Robler, San
' Li:is Obispo,' Guadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:O8»
I0:4«a Sau Joso nml Way Stations... 3:OO?
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... SiSOf
**:3«p San Jose, Gilrny, Tres Piuos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas,Monterey and Pacific
Grore V...... 1O:1Oa
•8:" lOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:47 a
*4:Soi> San Jo3e and Way Stations *9:OCa
S:3Op San Josoan*! Way 5tati0n5......... *B:4Sa
fi:»op San Josa and Way Stations 6:»3a
• 11:43p San Jose and AVay Stations. t?:43»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr»m SIS FRIHCISCO— Foot of Msrket Street (Slip 8)- '
•7:li 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 }3:of
•4:00 ■ ■ 15:00 »6:00 p.m.
. JromOllliJß— rootofßroidwaT.— «6:00 8^)0
: 10:00 a.m. U2.CO *l:00 tS:OO *3:CO ti:CO
*5:03r.M. i ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundars excepted. 1 Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
tf Monday, Thursday and Baturday nights only.
ITaosda; and Saturdays t Sundays an 6 Thursdan,
SMFRASCISeO & PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY /0.
Tlburou Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:SS,
8:S0, 5:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra tria
at 11:30 p. k. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. it . .
BDNDAYB— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. ic; 1:80. 3:30b
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
: WEEK DAYS-6.25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. if.?
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 P. M. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. M-; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 P. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park taoM
■ schedule as above. - _^_^
Leare T BffAf>t Arrlv*
San Francisco. oct 28. * n Fr * nclic *
Wekk | Son- i,.. I .^":^- Sasr- I Whmx
Days. 1 pays. Uwtination. days. . | Dat».
| 7:40 ah 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 ak
8:30 pm 9:30 am: Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 8:15 pk
.V I ~- Fulton, ■- ■ ~"
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 ak
Healdsburg,
Geyserville, - .
Geyserville,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Clbverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pk
: '; -:>' V- • - j Pleta, ■
Hopland A
T :40 am 8:00 AMJ UkJah. 7:30 pm 6:15 p*
! 7:40 am 10:30 ak
8:00 am ; Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
8:30 pm > j 6:16 Ptt
1 7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 ak
j 6:10 pm 6:00 pm and 6:05 pm - 6:15 pm
v.. -; j -,■.: ■ . Glen Ellen. ' '
' 7:40 am 1 8:00 am Rn v_,. nn<> i 110:40 am 1 10:30 AX
! 3:3Opm|s:OOpm| Sebastopol. | B:osrM | 6:lspk
Stßcos connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers. '
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
! K>lsey ville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
; wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, TJsal, Westport,
; Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, - Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at reduc«4
rates. • - ' • • • • -."•■■ ' • :■•-■•
On Sundays round-trip tickets t* all points *•■
j yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle hnlldlng,
H.aWHITINa. B.X. AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
»• RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrlv» <«^>R<pv^SJHHrj
at Market-Street Ferry. CsP^^tf* l o^TO
SANTA PE EXPRfc2>S
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
i Leaves evervda/ at 3:30 p. m.. carrying P"Uniaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to i-h' c "*»
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars it
i Denver ami St. Louis. .^.~^. •
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicajro.
, ! Solid Vestibule Train . Daily, iyi:h D '. nin r c ,^
under Harvey's manasem-iit. Connecting t ra in 3
, leave San Francisco at 9a. m. and 3:30 pm. daily.
[ The best railway from California to the tart.
' New rails, new ties: no ; dust: ■ interesting f**£Tl
: and good meals in Harvey's dlnine-room or dlnioa»
I j **™* licket Offlce-64 4 Market Street,
Chroaiclo Bullaicg.
' ! itORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sansallto Ferry)..
From San Francisco, beginning OctoUer 27, 1893.
,'■:•...• WEKKDAYa.
' For Mill Vnlley and san Katael— 7:3o, 915, 11:00
A. M.: 1:45,3:45. 6:15, 6:30 p. m.
£an Quentln— 7:3o, 9:15 a. m. : 1:45, 5:15 P. m.
. ' Extra trips for sun Harael on Mondays, Wednea?
I days and Saturdays at 3 1 :30 p. m.
, -SUNDAYS.
• ' For Mill Vftllcy, Fan Rafael und San Qnentln—
s 8:00.10:00,11:30 a.m.; 1:30,3:00,4:30, *6:13
' ■f. v. •JJoes not run to San Quentln. ■ -
i • ' . .- THROUGH TItAIXS.
. i TtSO a. M. wrekriays— and way stations.
1:45 P. M. Saturdays— and way sta:iou3.
§:()() a.'m. Sundays— Point Reves ana way station*
i iALLEJO, HUfiISLtXD/BEWU.fORT
j COSTA iWDCROCKKTT.
! . STK. MOXTICELLO.
Dally, except Sa:rmlayandSundav-lj?o a „
and 4 p. m. : Sttuiday, U:c(o uoon- *
Sonday-a p. m. '
•4 p. M. only. r * "•
' Lftodiug, Minion 1, Fi r j.Interesting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
A TURLOCK TRAMP`S TALE
A Constable's Investment That
Produced a Speedy Re
turn.
ALEX ROSEOROUGH'S QUANDARY
Methods of Gold-Brick Men That Suc
ceeded in Swindling the
Very Elect.
Oakland Office Bah Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 8. j
Three tramps who are now in the Hay
we.rds Jail tell a little story that, if true,
should te an interesting field of inquiry
for a Grand Jury. According to their nar
rative the Constable and Justice of the
Peace only need to «ork about two days a
month to insure a reasonable income.
The men under arrest are Joe Green, Tom
Kiordan and Will Macey. Green tells the
etory.
''There were a ganj; of eighteen of us,"
he said, "and in the coarse of our travels
we struck Turlock. Just outside the town
%ye met an obliging fellow, to whom we
told our chronic tale. We were out of
work and were looking for something to
eat and possibly to drink. We forgot to
mention the fact that we were looking for
work, and that little omission seemed par
ticularly pieasing to our friend. He gave
us enough to get one pood meal, and as we
marched into the town he told us we were
his prisoners and that he was the town
tble. We lodged that night at the
expeese of the county and next morning
were taken before a Justice of the
I'eace.
We all admitted we were tramps in the
legal Eense of the term, and so we were
:ound guilty End ordered to leave town at
once.i We .vere so well pleased with our
constable friend that we again accepted
his hospitality. He was far more
i D 9 the second time, giving us the money
w herewith to purchase our own meals.
"We did not spend it for meals, but some of
t^e crowd got drunk, and next night we
were all under cover again. The same
business was gone through a second time
■with the Justice, and again we were or
dered to leave town or be locKed up. Some
of us wept, but a few of us tarried, and
again we became the guests of the consta
ble. In the end we learned that Vie con
stable and the Justice divided fees
amounting to $162. They were jolly offi
cials, though, and we have placed Tur
lnck on our itinerary when we again go
EOUth."
Alex Ros borough, ex-Tax Collector of
this County, a wharfinger of San Francisco,
and who enjoys the reputation of having
sung himself into office, is in a quandary.
Aiex is a polished minstrel and without
uoubt one of the must natural clowns in
California. Since ne was a high-school
graduate he has been in demand. He has
■trawn the line at nothing, whenever his
services have been sought; it was enough
for him to know that his talentscould heip
Eome worthy movement and his acceptance
was freely given. Throuehout the whole
County Alex has been, and is now more
than ever, in demand, and he has so often
etated that each appearance was to beinost
positively the last as an amateur, that he
i-as risked his cnaracter for veracity in his
desire torj^e of service. Now he is sorely
perplsxeMi He says that if he declares him
self to lie a. professional and expects.his
little fei his patrons will think he is
perpetrafti:. one of his old joke?. If
he . were to present a bill he
expects that all he would hear
v.ould be a hearty laugh and the
v.ell known "encore." "The matter is
really becoming serious," said Alex a
couple of days ago. "I told the San Le
endro folks at Christmas that it was my
last appearance on the amateur stage.
Then I told the same thing at Livermore
a few .weeks later, a day or two ago I re
peated, the story in Alameda and still I am
asked to go somewhere else. You see lam
in a very serious predicament. If I should
ever go before the voters of ' Alameda
county they will tell me that jL do not keep
my promises. That would be equivalent
in a measure to singing myself out of
office, wouldn't it? However, don't let
these ideas of mine get into print. I have
not made up my mind in the mattet«as
yet and should people know I was hesitat
ing, several who are now planning to ask
me would perhaps be deterred. That
would be breaking a precedent and I am a
Etickler for precedent. Good by."
It might have been thought, after
ell that has been published during the past
ten years about "gold brick" swindles, that
DO man of ordinary intelligence could be
caught by such gauzy scheme? at this late
day. The developments i:i the police
:.;ring the past week prove that this
is not the case. A close acquaintance with
the men and their methods shows how
thoroughly they have learned the act of
treating confidence, after which the
b?. indie followed as a most natural and le
gitimate transaction. One 0/ the leadinz
characteristics of the men was their indif
ference to time. They were never in a
Lurry. Their victims could take away
their nuggets and bring them back when
they had tested them. They could visit
me buried treasure at any convenient
time, and by such methods the victim was
lea to believe in the genuineness of the
bcbeme. The "quick presto" movement
that is usually used by frauds would have
created suspicion at once, but these men
worked from the opposite standpoint.
They Cad a good thing and time was a
minor element. And the feature of their
systAJß was their coolnes3. Arrest did not
trouble them, and when under cross-ex
amination one'of them said to an attorney
in a haughty, languid manner, "Are" you
a^vare that you make me sick?" Their in
difference to judicial procedure is remark
able, and when they were held to answer
Ward beckoned to Farmer Hofstra, who
had been victimized to the extent of $10.
--900, and cajmly asked, "Could I induce
you. sir, to goon my bail?" These facts
are needed to show enough of the nature
oi the men to give an indication of the
scheme that they are capable of formulat
ug. That they were far more successful
than is. generally known is proved by the
fact that more victims are being heard
from at intervals, whose sole anxiety is to
' revent their names from getting into
j Tint. Some of them are actually fright
f :ied that the friends of the swindlers will
prey upon some of the victims' desire for
"crecy to the extent of making them help
in putting up bail, under threat of ex
posure. Such a story would be thoroughly
: r i keeping with much that was told on the
•: mess-stand during the past week.
S. W. B.
THE HANDBALL COURTS
Two Great Games Played at the Sau
Francisco With Surprising Ke
sulta.
Kvery seat in the San Francisco hahd
urt was filled yesterday afternoon
1 a large numbercould not beacconrmo
iated. Phil Ryan had arranged an un
>jully attractive programme, in which
Btarlj all the leading players in the City
*ere included,
In the two principal events of the day the
" s we,re surprising. J. C. Nealon and
I. Bonnet played against J. Riordan
and M. Dillon and won in three straight
panifis.' The [first uarne was close and
siting, being won by only one
ace. but in the next two Neaion and
Bonnet had it practically all their own
way. it was one of the speediest matches
ever seen in the City and was character
ized by bnlliani rallies.
The other attraction' was a match be
w c"}e "}. r," Harl ow, the coast champion, and
« • \\ llhams and P. T. Donnelly, the ama
teiir champion, and M. J. Kilgallon. Sin
euiar to say it also resulted in three straight
pames for Harlow and Williams. Wil
liams surprised every one by his remark
ably fine all-round play. Donnelly and
Kilgallon did not have a show from start
to fanish.
On Wednesday afternoon John L. Sulli
van, the ex-chatnpion pugilist, will referee
a game at the San Francisco court between
Nealon and Bonnet and Donnelly and
Kiordan which will be well worth seeing.
At the Union court yesterday several in
teresting games were played. The chief
attraction was a match between the two
"crackerjacks" of the court, R. Lenihan
and J. J. Feeney. Five games were played
and they ran close together till the final,
which Lenihan won by three aces.
Following were the games played yester
day :
Kan Francisco court— R. Shea and G. Mc-
Donald defeated M. McNeil and I*. .Ryan, 21—
15, 18—21, 21—20. G. McDonald and C.Talow
defeated \Y. Mauion and J. Ropers, 21— 1G,
19—21, 21—15. J. Grlffiu and G. Bowen de
feated W. Sheehan and M. Bowen, 21—14,
18 — 21, 21 — 20. J. Collins and J.
White defeated K. Murphy and M. Ed
wards, 21—15, 17—21, 21—18. J. Nel
son and D. Sullivan defeated P. Hutch
inson and J. Slattery, 21—12, 18—21, 21—14.
Al. Pennoyer and J. Nelson defeated W. Wil
liams and G. Hutchlnaon. 21—14, 19—21,
21—10. J. C. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet defeated
J. Riordan and M. Dillon, 21— 20, 21—9, 21—12.
J. Harlow, the coast champion, and W. Wil
liams defeated P. Donnelly, the amateur cham
pion, and M. J. Ki1ga110n.21— 16,21— 9,21— 9.
Union court— The Wessling brothers defeated
W. P. Doran and P. Madden, 21-13, 2i-17. Tim
Jordan and W. Keohe defeated L. Harris and
J. Bolster, 21-19, 17-21, 21-18. P. Kelly and
W. Tonge defeated P. Farrell and J. Foiev,
21-17, 21-13. P. Hefferman and J. O'Donnell
defeated H. Kelly and J. Bnnkett, 2l-18, 21-19
H. Batzner and M. M. Mlllett defeated M. Mor
ton and H. McKenny, 21-19, 21-17. Larry
Conlon and J. McKenna defeated D. Dohertv
and G Long, 21-19, 18-21, 17-21, 21-16, 21-14".
Terry McManus and T. F. Lenihan defeated P
Johnson and J. McGuinn, 21-19, 15-21,21-1(5
18-21, 21-20- R. Lenihan defeated J.J. ieeney'
21-19, 21-20, 18-21, 17-21, 21-18.
DETECTIVE HICKEY DEAD.
An Alameda Brewer Who Gets
Pummeled by One of His
• Workmen.
Joe Hooker Post to Have Patriotic
Exercises— Estate of the Late
Charles H. Shattuck.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March William
E. Hickey, prominent in the employ of
the Southern Pacific Company as a detec
tive, died this morning a few minutes be
fore 6 o'clock, at his home, 2139 Pacific
avenue. He had not been ill long, and his
ucath was a great shock to his friends.
Asthmatic troubles had worried him
greatly of late, but it is not known whether
they were a considerable factor in causing
death. The certilicate has not yet been
filed with the Health OtScer. In the trail
ing and capture of Evans and SontagHickey
took a conspicuous part. He . went into
the field and spent weeks in the mountains
with the posses, and endured many hard
ships which undoubtedly impaired! his
health. He was a quiet, unassurai ng man,
i and many employes of the company who
! have worked for years in the same build
ing with him probably never made his ac
quaintance, lie leaves a family, and bad
lived in Alameda some rive years, building
the home where lie died. '^''i.
* l'ight'ln a'llrewery.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 8. — Julius
Buhn, a. brewer in the employ of Henry
Schuler of the Palace Brewery, is ;in the
City Jail, charged with battery. His story
is that he got into a dispute with his em
ployer about an injury that was done to
a lantern, and that, upon the employer
drawing a pistol, he threw him down and
took the weapon away. Schuler is a man
well along in years, and says he was unable
to defend himself agarnst his assailant,
who was stalwart and ahlebodied. : After
the scrimmage Schuler swore to a warrant.
Buhn is held in $100 bail.
. The Pach'eco Girl.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March B.— Diana Pa
checo, the girl who was murdered in an
Oakland, lodging-house, by Ed Hack, who
in turn committed suicide, was known in
Alameda, where she worked for a time for
a family on Pacific avenue, near Hibberd
street. She called at an employment
office two weeks ago seeking a situation.
She preferred office -work, but said she
could not accept such work in Alameda,
a's her "fellow" was so jealous of her. He
was described as an undersized young fel
low, who gave continual evidence of his
mad infatuation and consuming jealousy.
:/;•■ The Post to Celebrate. .
ALAMEDA, Cal.', March B.— Joe Hooker
Post will hoid patriotic exercises in Ala
meda on the evening of Decoration day.
It did this last year for the first time, and
the effort was quite a success. A commit
tee has been appointed to take the matter
in hand and it has been unofficially in
structed to try to secure Rev. E. It. Dille
as the orator of the occasion.
Kstate Appraised.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. March B.— The estate
of the late Charles H. Shattuck has been ]
appraised at $40,000, consisting of ; $4009 OS
due from the. printing, ink firm of E. J.
Shattuck & Co." and stocks, notes, bonds,
real estate, etc. It is all devised to the
widow. " ■ •■'■ .- ?K-i-;'Xj : -
Death Cornea Suddenly. -..-
BERKELEY, Cal., March B.— Michael
O'Keefe, a resident of Holyokestreet,'near
Fifth, West Berkeley, died very suddenly
this morning at his home, without the
attendance of a physician. He waa taken
ill about 4 o'clock and at 5 he expired.
The only person present at the time of his
death was his wife. It is supposed that
he died from heart trouble and dropsy,
having been complaining ... frpm • those
diseases for the past two years. About
two weeks ago he returned to his home in
Berkeley from the County Hospital, 1 and
has been in comparatively good, health
since until taken ill this morning. A
Coroner's inquest will be held at the home
of the deceased to-morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock. - -7iv££ __ .•.'••.'"'- -•
TORE THE ROOF AWAY.
A Peculiar Accident at an Oakland
Grammar School Yesterday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 6. I
OAKLAND, Cai,., March «.— At the
Sunday morning drill of the Fire Depart
ment one of the engines turned a stream
of water on the roof of (he Lafayette
Grammar School, on West street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, this fore
noon, and a large portion of the slate cov
ering 1 was knocked off.
The water flooded down into the upper
part of the building. Plaster was knocked
off and considerable damage was done to
the interior of the schoolrooms.
Slate from the roof flew like hail among
the firemen the instant that the stream
swept over the roof, and one member of
the department, an extraman named Me-
Ginnis, was badly cut. Others were struck
by the flyine slate but were not seriously
The slates were fastened to the roof only
by two small tacks, and there was nothing
to hold them in place against the force of
the stream. On account of the difficulty
of holding the slate in place that form of
roofing has been abandoned in many of
the Eastern cities, it is stated.
At the burning of St. Mary's College, a
year ago last fall, several of the firemen
were laid ud for a long time on account of
iu juries received from tke falling slate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
GOLD HUNTERS OFF TO-DAY
A Number of Professional Men
to Leave Oakland for
. Alaska.
DA VIE SCENTS A .TRICK.
He Says the Council Is Spending Money
Recklessly to Ruin His Finan
cial System.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 8. )
To-morrow morning another gold-seek
ing party will leave this city for Alaska.
The gold fever is spreading and before
summer sets in there will be an exodus of
many hundreds to the Yukon river dis
trict.
The party that- starts to-morrow consists
mostly of business and professional men
who number about thirty and who believe
they have knowledge of the locality of a
very rich gold-producing district. The
headquarters of the party has been at the
office of Dr. C. fl. Walker, on Broadway.
The doctor owns a claim in Alaska, the lo
cation of which has been kept a secret and
is only maae known to members of the ex
pedition when they have signed the agree
ment binding them to make the trip and
to secrecy.
The men, who are young, are not with
out money, and they will take a great
quantity of supplies and materials. They
will proceed under a different plan from
that of the party conducted by Captain
Johnston which left last week.
• "The professional men have pot the cold
fever," said Dr. K. K. Dunn, and the den
tist who is going nortn. "I am one of
them and have decided to quit business
for 9 while and try to become a millionaire
in short order. It takes a long time for a
dentist to make a, million. Dr. Walker has
a claim in Alaska' that we are coing to
work, and we are not going on any wild
goose chase."
The bark Theobald is now at the wharf
Captain Gibbons, the Well-Known and Popular Commander of the English Ship
Fanny Kerr.
in this city preparing for Alaska. She will
go to San Francisco in a few days to com
plete fitting out and will also take a large
party up north.
WHY IT LOOKS SMALL.
Davie Says the Council Is After the
Hollar Tax Levy.
OAKLAND, Cal., March B.— There is
now $89,000 in the city treasury and Mayor
Davie says that if the Council will hot or
der things that were not in the estimate it
will be sufficient to last for the fiscal year.
He hints, however, that the Council does
not intend to allow it to last, so as to break
up the idea that the city can be conducted
on a dollar tax levy. Type-writing ma
chines and extra horses have been bought
and several things have been done that
Were not menti oned in the levy.
"They are doing the spread-eagle act to
do us up," the Mayor says. "When we
first said a dollar was enough, they
howled. Buckland even Eaying that he
would rot in his chair before he would
come down to that rate. We brought
them around all right and they voted with
us. Now, you see, if they can do us up by
legislating away all the money, so that we
will beshorfatthe end of the year, why
they will consider it a victory, and that is
the reason why they are voting to buy
everything that is asked for. A short
time ago they thought that $150 was all
that a tire engine horse should cost, but
now they have raised it. They buy lum
ber for Miller to mend the crosswalks at
his own sweet will, and it makes no differ
ence to them whether the thing usked for
was In the estimate or not, they buy It just
the same.'.'
"And that's not the worst of it," added
the Mayor; "why, I was told the other
day that the Council now repented that
they had transferred thnt $22,000 from the
street light fund into the school fund, for
the reason if they could get the schools to
close for lack of money they thought it
would hurt me. Every year economy has
had to be used along toward the end, but
no more will be needed this year than has
been required in the past."
Hard to Kef use Work.
OAKLAND,! Cal., March B.— The force
employed in the construction of the sec
ond track of the San Leandro electric line
was moved Saturday from Fitchburg to
lower Fruitvale, where work was resumed
and is now being pushed eastward. Fore
man Gray says that the most unpleasant
duty he has is to refuse men work. He is
often compelled to refuse as many as lifty
good men a day. Some of them, he says,
are so desperate that they will appear
early in the morning and take possession
of tue tools of men already employed, de
claring that they must have work.
Unitarian Anniversary.
OAKLAND, Cal., March &— The ninth
annual meeting of the First Unitarian
Church of Oakland will be Held on Monday
evening next. The treasurer's report will
be interesting as it will show how far the
congregation has kept its pledge maie to
the pastor some months ago to pay off the
balance of the building fund. There will
be reports, addresses, refreshments and
music by the Sunday-school orchestra.
' It Is Now a Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., March B.— The old
Fruitvale grammar school, which has been
remodeled, was dedicated to-day as a place
of worship. Bishop Goodsell preached the
dedicatory eermon this morning. The
church will be known as the Hicgips Meth
odist Episcopal Church and will seat about
300 people. It is close to the Fred Finch
Orphanage.
Their Wish Disregarded.
OAKLAND, Cal., March B.— The body
of Diana Pacheco was shipped to Concord
to-day to be buried by her relatives. Ed
ward Hack, who shot her and then him
self, will be buried at Sacramento. Their
dying wish that tliey might be buried to
gether has been disregarded.
Stars Vs. Reports.
OAKLAND, Cal., March B.— A baseball
match was played to-day at Twelfth and
Jackson between the Stars and the Re
ports. The Stars scored 29 and their op
ponents 16. The batteries were Bongard
and Dunstan for the Stars andMcßain and
Burnett for the Reports.
DR. CASE'S ABSENCE.
Rev. F. >T. I. in Kin of Los Angeles at
Howard-Street Church.
The pulpit of Howard-street Methodist
Church was not filled by the pastor, Dr.
\V. \V. Case, at either of yesterday's ser
vices, as he was called on a visit to Vaca
ville. He is- expected bade to-day.
At the morning service Rev. F. S.Jewell
of Oakland filled the pulpit and preached
a short sermon appropriate to the day.
The evening service was conducted by
Rev. F. M. Larkin of Central M. E.
Church, Los Angeles. The title of his ser
mon was, "What jffakes a Man Acceptable
to Goa." His text was from Acts x:34-35—
"Then Peter, opening his mouth, said;
'Of the truth, I perceive that Goa is no
respecter of persons' "; " 'But in every
nation he that feareth him and worfceth
righteousness is acceptable with him. 1 "
THE LAST OF HER LINE
A Strike That Caused a Ship-
Building Firm to Go Out
of Business.
Because Workmen Were Dissatisfied,
the Owners of the Fanny Kerr
Closed Down the Works.
One of the oldest traders to San Fran
cisco and probably the best-known master
in port is Captain C. Gibbons of the British
ship Fanny Kerr. He came here as an
apprentice-boy in 1861 a-tid ever since has
been hovering around this part of the
world in either one ship or another.
Strange to say, both the vessels in which
Captain Gibbons made his former voyages
to San Francisco as master have gone
down with all hands. The old Kooringa
he handed over to Captain Dawson and
took charge of the Lamorna. The Koor
inga tailed from London for Brisbane,
Australia, and was never heard from
again. When he left the Lamorna to re
turn to Liverpool to superintend the
building of the Fanny Kerr, his mate took
command. The Lamorna started for
Honolulu and from that day to this she
has never been heard from.
The Fanny Kerr is ono of the hand
somest vessels in port. Everything pos
sible has been done for the comfort of the
men, and that they appreciate it is shown
by the fact that there has not been a single
desertion since the vessel came into port.
The officers' quarters are all amidships,
and the captain's apartments are more
like a suite of rooms in a hotel than state
rooms on a sailing ship. Captain Gibbons
is accompanied by nis wife, and It is
owing to her deft lingers th;it the cabin of
the Fanny Kcmt is so homelike.
The l ; anny Kerr was built by T. B. Roy
dan (fe Sons of Liverpool, and she is the
last vessel ever turned out by that firm.
Three years ago she was on the stocks,
and under the supervision of Captain
Gibbons good work was being done. Sud
denly the iron-workers discovered that
they had a grievance and a strike re
sulted.
The firm offered all the concessions
possible, but the men would not accept
thorn. It was then the firm's turn to make
a statement. Standing on a pile of scrap
iron T. B. Roydan addressed the men.
"You have worked for us for years," said
he. "You have helped us to build some
of the finest ships in the world. You will
never help us to build another one. There
is the Fanny Kerr on the stocks. She is
almost completed, and as soon as she is
; launched we will never lay the keel of
I another. Now go and look for work else
where."
The men laughed in derision, thinking
the firm of Roydan & Sons could not afford
to shut down their yards. They found out
their mistake to their sorrow. This all
happened three years ago, and not a
stroke of work on a ship has been done in
Roydan's yard since.
The Fanny Kerr is charted to load
wheat for Europe.
REAL ESTATE AUCTION.
Excellent List to Be Offered by Shatn-
walil, Buckbee & Co. March 28.
The sale of the estate of C H. Stryling
has been definitely fixed for Thursday,
Marcb. L' 6. Shainwald, Buck bee & Co. are
the auctioneers, . The property comprises
the following:
Three choice pieces of income property on
Marnet, Montgomery and Koarny streets. Tbe
Kearny-street property is well known as the
Maison Doree, 217-219 Kearny street. The
Montgomery-street properly is 119-121. The
Market-street property is near First and Is
numbered 517-519; the lot Is 40x80 feet. In
addition the residence, 1212 Mason street, will
t>e sold, and the 50-vara lot on the northwest
corner of Sacramento and Lyon streets will be
sold in subdivisions. The Alameda property
will also be olt'ered for Rale. It Includes some
residence property in the town of Alameda ou
the corner of Central avenue and St. Charlei
street, and also on the corner of San Antonio
avenue and St. Charles street.
The floods of the Nile are so regular in
their coming that for hundreds of years
they have not varied ten days iv the date
of their arrival at a given point.
PLEADING FOR
JURIES' RIGHTS
Lawyer Highton Says That
They Are Being
Threatened.
JUDGES OF THE FACTS.
Precedents and Constitutional
Provisions Assailed Too
Freely.
THE POWERS OF THE JUDGES.
Many Cases in Which the Reserved
Rights of the People Have Been
Trifled With.
The Supreme Court ruling in the case of
People against Christian Knntte, in which
Justice Van Fleet very greatly empha
sized the principle which makes the trial
Judge practically the thirteenth juror and
gives him discretion to set aside a verdict
when not convinced of the facts upon
which it is based, is still exciting a good
deal of interest among the lawyers, and
the discussions, pro and con., seem to be
not likely to end very soon.
There is abroad a manifest belief that
thir broadening of the Judges' discretion is
highly inimical to the jury system, at
least in civil cases. Yesterday the well
known attorney, Henry E. Highton —
one of those who drafted the re
cent anti-funding memorial to Con
gress—submitted to an interview on this
all-engrossing theme of Justice Van Fleet's
opinion. Mr. Highton is of the opinion
that grave dancers to the jury system lie
in the direction of thus increasing tne trial
court's jurisdiction over questions of fact.
"Especially in civil cases," said he, "the
precise danger to which The Call has in
vited public attention actually exists, and
in a very alarming form."
Mr. Highton sees, too, in this ruling,
what many other acute legal gentlemen
perceive, a tendency to make it easier for
the Southern Pacific manipulators to carry
things with a high hand in this State as
well in the courts of law as elsewhere.
Mr. Highton's observations upon the
decision are as follows:
Not having examined the record in the case
I can say very iittie in respect to the case itself,
but I can use the gencial proposition which
has been the subject of discussion as a text for
some observations to which it necessarily gives
rise. I wan tto express no disrespect for or crit
icism of the judiciary oi tiie State, but to refer
10 certain tendencies more conspicuous, per
haps, in California than anywhere else, which
appear to me to be in direct contravention of
our American juridicial institutions.
With me the fundamental idea in such mat
ters is the unwholesome influence which, in
my deliberate opinion, the original railroad
corporations and the manipulators of those
corporations have exercised upon the admin
istration of the law in this State.
I observed lately that in commenting before
the Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads on
the anti-fuudir.g bill memorial recently for
warded to Washington Mr. Huntington spoke
disparagingly of the members of tne commit
tee by whom that memorial had been pre
pared, and to my mind furnished the most
conspicuous example of blatant dogmatism
tha: I have observed for many years.
All men nave their fun its. but whatever else
may be said of these men they have at least
not robbed the people ot California, where they
have lived as long as Mr. Huntington himself,
and they have derived nobenefitirom the pub
lic labors they have performed. Mr. Hunting
ton would not appeal to the people of this
State in support oi his funding bill and he
would not bring a libel suit against any.news
paper or any individual within the State. If he
knows anything at all about the condition of
public sentimeut among our people he is
perfectly well aware, and was aware
when he spoke before the Senatecoraraittee.that
there is no material diversity of opinion in
this State on the proposal to refund the Central
Pacific debt.
But the question will be asked, very natur
ally, "what has all this to do with the decision
of the Supreme Court of California upon which
lam asued to -make a few comments?" It has
this to do with it; that Mr. Huntington and
his associates have done more to demoralize
the practice and administration of the law in
this State than all other influences combined.
On that proposition there is no worse phase of
the effect at least which they have produced
-upon our decisions than that which is involved
in the gradual emasculation of jury trials as
established by precedents, through which con
stitutional provisions of laws can be and are
being practically set aside.
There must, of course, always reside in every
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
' • To-day's Entries at Ingleside Track.
In races where tbe Korses have no record at the distance to be run the records at tbe next nearest
ililnncc are given. . - . ■ .* ■'; . • ' ;J->'. . :
Abbreviations-F., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; t, furlong; •, about. •
FIRST RACE-One-half mile; selling; two year-olas.
! Best
Name. Lbs; record. Dlst.
!Vevo 106 1 no rec
i.Mory K Il03;0:45 3y 2 f
iLostCliesteriield.no no itc
joorden |10« 0:52% % n»
Wdllaba.... 1 106 no iec I
IiiKieside 106 0:5-2 Va m
Wieland 1IO6 no rec
Dolore .• \ 103 j no rec
[Frank Jameo.... i 103! no rec ........
I Best
rtcoid.
Pedigree.
Index.
Name.
[.«'.. I Lone stable Three Cheers-M'ssPickwick
;F.. J. Robbing..- ' l.ppanto-Right Wing
iBurnsiiWuterhonsei Imi>. (.'hesterfield-Talluda
|H.. | H. F. Oriffin Tr^mont-Blue Bell
.... C. K. Hiiu-liinson.. ; Hyder Al> Walnut .
H. . jB. Hcbreiber.'. Bishop- A merique
La Siesta farm j Imp. Chesterfield-Hurrlet
.... Pueblo stable ; Wildicle-Uosette
A. B. Spreckels ... | Ecuador-Tomato
,
795
804
795
804
795
804
103
107
BECOND
Index.
796
706
. 722
812
802
806
806
18111
780
■786 :
(811)
Rasso
Red Root
jMonlta
| Foremost
iMorun
IE. U. Sherley..
;Braw Scou
Collins
iMls3 Norm a
Tenacity
iKcydlBancHdos
! I Best
Lbs : record: Dlst.
104 1:46 lm
101 1 2:36 iy 3 m
.101 1:41 lm ;
»7 3:4314 : l%in
78 no rec. j ..'......
104 1'32V ? 71 :
101 ■ 1:6534 Jl-ISm
101 1 2:15//i 114 m
94 1: 151/4,6 f •'
HO 1:56 1 V m
90 1:65% lVsm !
Dlst.
103
106
104
93
104
109
H..
F..
F..
!H..
jMcXaughtoni&Muir
]C. Parker
! M. Schwartz.
I A. I?. Spftckels
iZ. Abrahams
I F. Brown
!B. Kchreiber:
H. K. Rowell
; Mokelumne stk frm
IE. Corriuan i
lLone stable....
Owner.
Fa!setto-E:hel«a
Imp. London-Cameo
St. Saylonr-Nlghthawlt
Floo<l imp. Queen Bess
1'a'tteD-Louise Forr»st
Tp. Bonnie Brown-Dispatch
Ip. Mldlothlan-HelnScratch
I Inspector B-Piazza
!Ben d'Or-Miss Jlu|t(?In»
Pedigree.
H..
'H..
II..
V ..
F..
,F...
I.TrneBrlton-
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs: light
Index. j\, Name. '.■
727 Hal Fisher......
1 437- 1 Wm. Pinkerton
' 639 Kathleen....;...
, 780 Moss Terry
; 801 Gold Bug...-
800 'Chinook
S00 Fleet. .............
770 Knsigii.......:..
777 Crackajack-
. 800: Audeumalre....
734 Oeff. - Dickinson
(766) j Dare Dollar.....
767 IMorven .........
770 jVeragua .......
» 803 Sen. Hoffman..
I Beat
Lbs record.
141 ..:..:..
132 ):02V 2
186 1 1:0*2 ',V
138 1:09 1/2
148 1:00%
132 .......
138 ..;:....
Jg:::::*::
123 ....;...
138 no res.
188 ..::....
151 1:03% I
130 1:16%
148|l:03iA|
5f
i5f
5l/ 3 f
61
Cist.
;Tk.
;Fa.
F...
•F...
If,..
F. F. Maley
S. C Hlldreth !
.1. J. Case 1
Terrace stable |
J. Hunter
Wm. Dijon.
Welcome stable
J. liarrity 1
J. J. Rogers j
W. D. Randall
Vici stable
a. B. Morris* Co.'
Wuite & Clarke....
W. O'B. Maedongtaj
D. J. Tobln I
Owner.
I Buck Walton-Alice
Shannon- Fannie Lewis
1 Little Alp-Unknown
|Powhattan-Zurua
iPittsburg-Mollie 3
Imp. Blackbird Il-Charlty
Hermese-Uiiknown
'Imp. Ulenelg-Kachin Klnny
j\Vlntcrs-Ida O'Xell
Imp. Inverness- Audacity
|<>len-I>udley-J. Miner mare
'Imp, Darebin-Trade Dollar
jimp. Chevlot-Lurline
ISinfax-Partisana
ifnip. Inverness-Dora,"
Pedigree.
....
8*1 ,
6f '
5f * : - !
4% I
. ...
I Fa.
ill..
;F...
....
I.. ■.....-.
FOURTH RACK-Slx
Index.
Name.
Lbs
Owner.
Pedigree.
-.777
808
805
(806)
809
803
788
Montallade
Service
! Pique
U ratify
MollieB
Tobey
Babe Murphy. ;
Charm
Carrie M
93 no reo.
107 1 1:20%
88 1:12%
88 1:10
99 1:08%
101 1:10
99 1:13%
102 ;..;:.?.
88 1:17
99 1:11%
93 1:15:
104 1:14
104 1:14
*6f ""
MM
6f
if
'6f""
*61,;
Of .-,■■■;■
61
ft
.... B. CHolly
H.. B. Schreiber
H.. ■ A. B. Hyreckeis ...
Fa. Westcnester stable
F... J. Kobblus
Fa. W. G. Hinton
F.. IL. Ezell
...Id. A. Homg
Fa.lH. T. Griffin
F...|Looe stable
F...IE. Corrigan
1F...IE. Corrlsjan
F.. . j Cambridge stable..
I Montana-Fusillade's Last.. .
ip. Woodlands-Lady's Maid
1 Flambeau-imp. Potroleaae
Karandole- Satisfaction
Imp. Mariner-C&nteoac
Imp. Greenback-Una
KliasLawrence-PrincessGln
Imp. Ill rsed-MinnlePayne
Panique-Hebeccu Rowett
Imp. Friar Tuck- Jessie C
Isaac .Murphy-Derocbment
jimp. Kyrle Daly- Maggie R
|Glen Kim-Red Girl
i 6B3
789
806
764
809
Circe
Kowalsky
Tim Murphy,...
Red Glen
FIFTH
purse.
Index. Name.
799 DerfarglUa.
808 Kep«ater
794 Benbam
799 Major Cook
784 Lobengula-
797 Vinrtor
775 Thflma..
809 Jack Richelieu.
Applause
(812) Yuukee Doodle.
Best
Name.
Owner.
Pedigree.
i
•:
6fii;
6 1
61 >
6%«
6f
7 f
7f
7f
1 m
if
V
1
1
' F... McSanRhton&Mulr
■ F... J. Brenock ....;..
1 F... c." Dougherty
i ,F... Livingston stable ■",
IF.. . G. B. Morris Co . .
IF... Elm wood stock fm.
1 F..: Lawrence stock lm
1 iH.. B. Hchrelber
Fa. Cambridge stable..
■ ;F... Cambridge stable..
Onondaga-Klstnore
I Rapture- Venturia
iFlarabeau-Oerhardlne
I Bulwark-Sister to Violet
'Hudson-Zulu
Imp. Brmus-Mollie H
John Happy-Pansy
imp. Great Tons-Envenom
I Imp. Ill Lsed-Encori"
l Priuce Royal-ilanzanltij
-.27
)
1
,1
trial court, upon the supposition that Judges
are competent, experienced and honest, the
power to set aside verdicts which upon their
face are absurd ; that is to say, which are in
direct contravention of the evidence. But
this power, like the veto power of tl\e Gover
nor, or of the President, is to be exercised
only in extreme cases and where the necessity
for its exercise is go obvious as to command
universal assent. It is a proposition sustained
by our Federal and State constitutions and by
universal practice since the foundation oi this
Uovernment and long before it that in those
cases which are tried by juries they are the ex
clusive judges of the credibility of witnesses
and of the weight of evidence v.ithinthe rules
of law that may be prescrit-eil to them by the
courts.
So emphatic and so universal is this rule
that in order to protect it against any possible
infringement in the different States, and espe
cially in this State, Judges are not permitted
even to charge juries upon questions of fact.
apw, a number of years ago, speaking specially
of California, it was considered that there were
so many failures of justice through improper
verdicts by juries that there was a strong iu
cl.inatiou manifested to commit all questions
of fact exclusively to the courts, but the Detter
thought of journalists and jurists led them to
believe that the time had not yet come when it
was wise to obliterate the protection which
jury trials had afforded to citizens, both in
criminal and civil cases. Subsequent experi
ence has convinced me that nothing more dan-
Berous to the well-being of the State and of the
people could occur than to destroy or weaken
tne ancient right of jury trials on questions of
fact in common law cases, whether civil or
criminal.
Tne time may come, Indeed it has come,
when the most important reform needed in the
law is the perfection of jury trials, without
which the Citizen and his property will ulti
mately be completely at the mercy of corpora
tions and plutocrats. If I were to forecast our
State and National destiny by the wide and
unprecedented disparity which now exists be
tween the theoretical perfection of our institu
tions and their failure in practice, I would
have very little hope for the country. Xhere
is no occasion, however, for any euch pessi
mistic view, because the American people
generally, and the people of California espe*
cially, will not forever submit to corporate
domination and corruption.
But at present, at least, especially in civil
cases, the precise danger to which the Call
has invited public attention, actually exists,
and in very alarming forms. It is not for me
to question the decisions of the Supreme Court,
but this much I will say, that taking them es
declaratory of the law of this State they have
already readied a point where the benefit of
jury trials and the protection which they
should afford to persons and property have
been gradually and largely withdrawn. If any
man would take the trouble to follow the cur
rent of authority in this State within the last
twenty-fa' ve years and bring outbefore the pub
lic the specific instances in which this ten
dency has been manifested, I will venture to
say thnt the community would i»e astonished.
1 will give one or two illustsations in a gen
eral form. On the one hand you will find all
sorts of verdicts and judgments sustained
upon the ground that when there is a conflict
of evidence the Supreme C.'ouri will not inter
fere with th 3 action of The courts below. This
doctrine justly applied seems to be in the
line of protecting the verdicts of juries, but
if those verdicts are at the mercy of judges
in the lower courts, what finality would they
possess?
Then note the exceptions to the doctrine to
be found in particular cases, and in still other
cases observe the qualifications of the doctrine.
Take, for example, the large class of actions
brought against corporations for personal in
juries, which are almost invariably tried be
fore juries. In those cases the law provides
that if the negligence of the plaintiff materi
ally and substantially contributed to the in
jury he cannot recover. But the law provides,
also, that the question of contributory negli
gence is almost universally a matter to be
passed upon by a jury within the principles
and rules laid down by the court.
There are many cases in this State, how
ever, In which, upon examining the records
upon appeal, i i will be found that the appel
late cqnrt itself has construed and passed upon
the evidence on this subject and has set aside
verdicts upon views of the facts differing from
those of the juries before whom the cases were
trie:!.
This is an exercise of a power which' be
longs to qualified citizens* entrusted by law
with the duty of passing upon evidence and
the credibility of witnesses. And while 1 am
rot for a moment discussing or questioning
the honest exercise of its power, it neverthe
less does attract to the courts authority and
functions which peculiarly belong to juries.
Numerous other illustrations of this propo
sition could easily be given, In the investiga
tion of which it- would be found that as it
would appear to the ordinary citizen thero
have been great inconsistencies in our practice
and in the law hs it stands, tending to the con
centration of power in the courts, and chiefly
in the particular direction in which constitu
tional provisions and former precedents in our
country interposed juries for the benefit of the
citizen and his property. And in tracing the
et!ect of this tteady minimizing of the func
tions of juries it will be Jurther discovered
that in almost every instance the result has
been beneficial to railroad corporations. It
would almost appear as li in their just leaning
against demagogues and poictariamsm. and in
their anxiety lest corporations should be placed
outside of the pale of the law, the courts have
leaned the other way to an extent which has
aided the class of corporations mentioned in
placing their feet ugyn the neck ol the people.
The true ruie for the faithful enforcement
of which there was. never greater necessity
than at present, is that in all cases where un
der the authority of law questions of fact are
submitted for the consideration of juries, their
verdicts^hould be final, except in those rare
instances in which it is apparent to any man
oi common understanding that they have
found directly and palpably against the evi
dence.
The moral deducible from the tendency on
which I have ventured to comment is that
men who comprehend, the unities and the
application of our entire American system of
government, must discern that there never
was a period, even during the middle
ages, when it was more indispensa
ble for journalists, for lawyers, for re
flective and conservative citizens and for all
other persoUs to whom the future of our coun
try Is dear to combine their influence in favor
of the complete restoration of jury trials to
their original simplicity and conclusiveness
upon questions of fact.
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES
Black Point Reservation to Be
come a Beautiful
. Park.
THE PRESIDIO FOBEST AREA.
The Examination of Enlisted Men
for Commissioned
Rank.
The report of the board of army officers
appointed to inspect the forests of the
Presidio reservation is anxiously awaited.
The report may recommend an extension
of the forests, or may take the ground that
the forest area should be diminished in
order to afford more space for maneuvering
troops. The recommendations, whatever
they are, have been forwarded to Wash-
ington.
In the approval of a communication
transmitted to the Board of Supervisors
and the Van Ness-avenue Improvement
Association concerning the improvements
of certain streets leading to Black Point
and the Presidio, General Forsyth, com
manding the Department of California,
announces that it is the intention of the
military authorities to improve and beau
tify the Black Point reservation of sixty
acres. The land reserved for Government
purposes will thus become in effect a beau*
tiful park for the en joyment of the people
of San Francisco.
The extension of the Butter-street rail
road system will take the cars to the mar
gin of the park. There is a plan in view
to change the present cable line of the
Union-street road into an electric line.
The cara of the company run within four
blocks of the southern limit of the Black
Point reservation. The acquisition of a
tine park immediately accessible to the
large resident population of the North
Beach district will be regarded as a great
benefit to that section of the City in par
ticular and to the entire community ia
general.
A board of army officers will meet at the
Presidio March 18 to conduct the prelimi
nary examination of enlisted men who are
applicants for commission. The board
will consist of Lieutenant-Colonel Guen
ther, Fifth Artillery, Alcatraz; Lieutenant-
Colonel Middleton, surgeon; Captain
Frick, assistant surgeon; Captain Starr,
First Infantry, and (Lieutenant Frauk,
Signal Corps. The applicants are : Cor
poral Preston Brown, Battery A, Fifth Ar
tillery; Sergeant-Major Robert McCleare,
First Infantry; Corporal Robert il. Mar
shall and Warren S. Sample, Com pan y D,
First Infantry. The applicants attaining
success in the preliminary examination
will be ordered to appear before a general
board to convene at Port Leaven worth in
September. That board will grade the
candidates, and in accordance with tho
grading the applicants will be commis
sioned as vacancies occur.
The board of army officers appointed to
examine candidates for West Point held
several sessions atthe Presidio last week.
Formerly the candidates recommended by
Congressmen from the Union's Congres
sional districts had to report at the acade
my for examination. To obviate the long
journey and effect a saving in traveling
expenses examining boards throughout
the country were created. The board at
the Presidio consisted of Dr. Greenleaf,
Captain Rodgers, Dr. Frick, Captain Hilla
and Lieutenant Coffin.
There wcru threo candidates before the
board — the tnree young men who were ap
pointed by Congressional influence in this
State. The capersof the examining board
are to be sent to the academy, and in due
time the applicants will be informed
whether the requirements for^ admission
have been fulfilled.
Lyon, the soldier at the Presidio who
refused to mend the bicycle of sprinter
Hamilton of Oakland and to apologize to
that individual for high language used on
the hospital highway, was brought before
the summary court at the Presidio last
Monday and acquitted. Colonel S. B. M.
Young, Fourth Cavalry, was the presiding
judge. He heasd all the evidence, which
established the fact that Lyon was run
over and knocked down by Wheelman
Hamilton, a rider, who was going at high
speed down hill, having lost control of his
machine. It was brought out in the testi
mony also that the soldier did seize the
wheel and dash it with great force over an
embankment. It also came out in the
testimony that the bruised soldier used
high language and plenty of it, but it is
presumed that Colonel Young, in his
capacity of judge, deemed that the explo
sion of wrath under the circumstances was
justifiable. Testimony also disclosed the
fact that there was neither a bull nor a
brake on the machine. ' .
These mitigating incidents, coupled with
the neglect of Hamilton to appear and
testify in the case, caused the soldier's
acquittal.
lirst Lieutenant McClure has gone to
Fort Bliss to join the Fifth Cavalry. He
has been on duty with the Fourth Cavalry
at the Presidio.
Material from Pennsylvania for the new
gunboats continues to arrive, and work
preliminary to actual construction is pro
gressing at the Union Iron "Works.
NEW TO-DAT. -
Cocoa
for
rHealtbi
• \ The usual table beverages are . /
' \ nerve stimulants — a whip ■to /
\ stir up a tired horse ; not so /
.. V stinging as liquor — still / •
\ a whip. /
\ Cocoa \' nourishes the /
■ \ nervous system — gives it / "
, V food, not a stirring up. 7/:^
. \ The freshest, '■¥■■¥'■' I
\ strongest, purest, /
; »*v \ most easily di- /
'■k* » ■ V ; gestible, <# :• most : / ■•
\ nutritious is f» /
\ | /
Gbirardelli's
■ ALL GROCERS 7; .
■ V : ■;■.,;■ :• 1 TAKE NO. SUBSTITUTE ,
§Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABNTST. Established
\ in 1554 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases. LostHftnhood. I Debility or
j disease wenring on mlndaod
Slcin Diseases. doctor cures
others Try hlm.TChartresiow
Cureoeaaranteed. Callorwrite.
Or. a, JT. t*ki2!lQ2i, Box 1997. San Fiancuco. |
■'"■..■■■■"■ " '- -'■■■■' ' ■"•" ' " */■■ ■ ■-■ ." -:•■.-■.
1112
IN THE QUIET SEASON
Helmrich Yellow Luncheon for
Miss Whittier— The ' Hooper
and the Fry Luncheons.
SCHLESSINGER THEATER PARTY
Crane -Wightman Marriage To-Day.
Martin-Bromwell Wedding in Oak
land—Personals.
Mrs. Helmrich gave a yellow luncheon
on Wednesday at the residence of her
mother, Mrs. Regensburger. 2215 California
street, in honor of Miss Mattie Whittier.
The table decorations were all in yellow.
Covers were laid for ten.
Bin. W. T. Hooper gave a charming
luncheon on Wednesday afternoon last at
her residence, 1821 Lyon street, in honor
of Miss C Lyon of Seattle, Wa*h. The
table was aglow with California poppies
and smiJax, and srnilaz and poppies were,
used to decorate drawing-room, corridor
and hall. Covers were laid for ten. Seated
at table were Miss C. Lyon, Miss Maud
llerliman. Mrs. Dick Berper, Miss Florence
Garrisere, Miss Mollie Hayes, Miss Jane
Toomey, Miss Josie Toomey, Miss A.
Cornwall and Mrs. W. T. Hooper.
Miss May Schiessinger gives a theater
party this evening at Mcrosco's in honor
of Miss Jennie Schwabacber. There W.UI
' c thirty-four in the party and after the
theater an elaborate supper will be in or
der.
On Friday Mr?. R. I). Fry pave a charm
ing luncheon at her residence, 2510 Pacific
avenue. The table decorations were in
exquisite taste and a delicious menu was
discussed. Covers were laid for twelve.
On Tnursdav evening last Mrs. W. P.
Morgan and Miss Ella Morgan gave a card
party to about forty of their friends at
their home on Clay street. After the game
an elaborate supper was served.
The wedding of Shelby Martin and Miss
Louise Brotnweil is announced to take !
place on Wednesday, March 11, at the
home of tue bride's parents, northwest
corner of Ninth and Madison streets, in
Oakland. The ceremony will be a very
quiet affair. There will be no invitations j
Bent out, as it is designed to be a strictly!
home wedding, at which only the members
of the two families will be present. The
arrangements for the event have been
completed, and Key. Robert Ritchie, rec
tor of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, will |
officiate. The honeymoon trip will be j
south, after which the couple will return j
to Oakland, where they will continue to
reside.
The engagement of Shelby Martin and
Miss Bromwell has been an open secret for
a long while past, and their friends have
been rather expectant of late regarding
the wedding announcement, which has
now been duly made. Mr. Martin is a tel- j
lerinthe Union Savings Bank, of which j
his father, J. West Martin, Regent of the j
State University, ex-Mayor of Oakland
and a representative citizen, is president.
Shelby has a very large circle of friends,
who will join in warm congratulations
when the news of his approaching mar
riage reache3 them. Miss Louise Brom
weil is the only daughter of Colonel L. L.
Bromwell. She is an attractive young
la.iy, and much admired among a coterie j
of Oakland's younsr people.
The wedding of Miss Georgia M. Wight
man, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John
Wightman Jr., and Mr. Douglass B. Crane
of the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company, will take place at noon to-day I
at St". Stephen's Church, Fulton street.
Marsick, the violinist, was the guest of
honor at a dinner given Wednesday even
ing by Mr. Ad. Locher, the well-known
composer, and his wife at their residence, |
1745 Ellis street. Tne company was a j
small and congenial one, and the dinner
complete in every particular. Tne even
ing was concluded with music, in which
the renowned violinist assisted.
A quiet wedding took place at Murphy's
Hall, Ocean View, last Tuesday evening,
the 3d mst., the contracting parties being
Mrs. Nora WellFted and John Denehy, a
deputy in the sheriff's office. The hall
was tastefully decorated with smilax and
lilies. The bride wore a handsome Nile
green siik gown, trimmed with passemen
terie. Edward Harrington acted as best
man and Miss Jessie Gallin was brides
maid. After the weddinc the guests sat
down to a bounteous repast, at which Dr.
liurly was toast-master. Singing and danc
ing were indulged in until a late hour.
The bride and groom were the recipients
of many costly presents.
Among those present were : Hon. Judge
Campbell, Dr. Hurley, Ed. Harrington,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Denehy, Mr. and Mr 3. W.
Murphy, Mrs. Lane, Mr. and Mrs. Pardini,
Mr. and Mrs. J. McCarthy, Mr. and Mrs.
Canopy, the MJsses Murphy, Miss A. Lane,
Miss Canopy, Miss Farley, alhst L. Green,
Miss Maguire, Miss O'Brien, Miss Pender
gast, Mi« 4 McCarthy, Miss O'Connor, i
Messrs. J. Gallin, F. Callahan, J. Rock, J. |
Broralre, E. Byington, M. Sullivan, J. I
Hayes, J. Kearney, j. Pendergast, I. Wolf, !
T. McDermott, F. Byrnes and others.
Mr. and Mrs. Denehy will SDend their
honeymoon travelins in the south and will
return home to this City in tdree weeks.
Last Tuesday night a reception and mv-
Bicale was held at the Women's Educa
tional Union, 7 Van Ness avenue. The
numerous guests were received by the fol
lowing committee of ladies: Mrs. Captain
G. F. Wallace, Mrs. Frank Smith, Miss
Annette Miley. Mrs. George Barron, Mrs.
William B. Hunt and Mine. Ellen Coar
sen - Roenkel. chairman. The choicest
pages in Schubert and Schumann's al
bums, Mozart's "Magic Flute," besides
operatic arias and duets, provided a musi
cal feast of a high order. At the close of
the programme dainty cakes and lemon
ade were passed to the assembled audi
ence.
The following list of guests were pres
ent: Mrs. Captain G. E. Wallace and
party. Judge M. Cooney, Dr. W. S. Hail,
Mme. Louise A. Sorbier, A. Freling,
Miss Emilie Scuneider of Alameda, John
H. Hegler, Mrs. Frank Smith, Senora de
Galvez, Senorita Adela de Galvez, the
Misses Annette and Tillie Miiey. John
Iburg, Miss Maud Briggs, Mrs. I. M.
Sponogle, the Misses Jennie and Viola
Johannsen, the Misses Celia, Dora and
Maggie Kattenberg, Miss Louise Behrens,
Professor and Mmc, Roeckel, MJle. Elena
RoecKel, Mrs. Gilbert WhitaKer, Miss
Henrietta Iburg, Mrs. William M. Iburg,
Miss M. Zaraora, Mrs. N. Hutchings, Miss
Ross Lankman, Mrs. George Barron, Her
man Nauen, Miss Helen Johnson, Miss
May Mabie, the Misses Troutt, Miss Dora
Cohn, Miss Lillie Fritschi, Mrs. H. Lewis,
Mrs. Elizabeth Warren, Mrs. W. H. Usher,
Mrs. N. E. W. Smith. Miss Florence Mel
vm, Mrs. James T. Campbell, Miss Cathie
Coursen, Mrs. F. W. Keeney, Arthur
Lewis and Miss Nesbeth.
Daniel O'Callaghan of this City, who is
making a tour of the world, was in Bom
bay about February 1.
Mrs. Agnes Fued, whose beautiful voice
was heard at a musicale given by Mrs.
Lansing across the bay, has now decided
to remain in this City.
From latest advices, Mrs. B. W. Paul
sen, accompanied by her nephew, F. Dohr
mann Jr., were visiting Dr. and Mrs. Na
thaniel Emerson at their home in Boston,
Mass.
The Midnight Rangers held their second
anniversary at the Heritage Home, near
Twin Peaks, recently. Ten of the most
prominent members were present, includ
ing the president, Hon. J. Taylor, Secre
tary Hon. J. Calef and Treasurer Hon. J.
H. Jagers.
Simon Harris and Miss Tillie Sbemansk
will be married March 15 at the bride's
home, 922 McAllister street. Only rela
tives and most intimate friends will be
present.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Brachnian have
issued invitations for the weddins of Miss
Annie Leret and David Stein bere, to be
celebrated Sunday eveninir, March 15, at 5
o'clock, at Social Hall, l'_'O O'Farrell street.
The Jonathan Club will open us hand
some new home, 132 South Spring street,
Los Angeles, this evening, by holding a
large reception. The committee, wno have
the entertainment in chargo are 1. E. Gib
bon. F. J. Thoma«, F. C. Howes, Freeman
G. Teed, L. J. C. Spruance.
The Oleta Club will hold its regular
quarterly ball at B. B. Hall Saturday even
inc, April 4. .
The Columbias' next monthly party will
be an army and navy dance at Union
square Halfon Friday evening, March 13.
Various military companies will be in at
tendance.
The Michigan Association of California
will celebrate its second anniversary Fri
day eveninir, March IS, at Beethoven Hall,
336 Post street. A splendid programme
has been prepared for the occasion.
The Native Sons of Vermont will hold
their regular monthly entertainment and
dance at Odd Fellows' Hall Friday even
ing, March 13. The programme includes
literary and musical selections and Felix
Dale's comedietta, "Six Months Ago."
Dancing will follow the programme.
Walpole an Inspired Keporter.
Of course a man may choose, if he will,
to be less than a free author. He may be
come a reporter; for tiiere is such a thing
as reporting for books as well as reporting
for newspapers, and there have been re
porters so amusingly clever that their very
aptness and wit constitutes them a sort of
immortals. You have proof of this In
Horace Walpole, at whose hands gossip
and compliment receive a sort of apoth
eosis. Such men hold the secret of a kind
of alchemy by which- things trivial and
temporary may bo transmuted into litera
ture. But thty are only inspired report
ers, after all; and while a man was wish
ing, he might wish to be more and climb
to better company.— Century.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ereiy
nignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
ontll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open nntl! 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
N'OIJCE M '-.KTINtiS.
GOLDEN GATE" OMMANDEKY
l**& No. 16, Knights Templar, ..Golden "*fS^
Gat-e building, 625 sutter st.— Special as- IFJ
semblvTHls EVENING at 8 o'clock. The \jgß
onler of the Temple will be conferred. All ▼
fraters are cordially invited.
CHARLES H. MURPHY, Commander. ,
WniUM T. Foxda, Recorder.
■535» HERMANN LuDGE NO. 127. F. •
&J? apd A. M.-Called meeting Tills J^_
DAY (Monday), March 0, 1896. at TiHO'JsJf
o'clock p. m. second degree. By order of >V>
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary. .
gt^ss= KING SOLOMON'S LODGE N-. •
BP-*^ 260, F. and A.M., cor. Geary and JV
Steiner sts.— Callea meettng TH is, >-'S]3r
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for first /^T\
degree. By order of the' Master.
■ HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
JPSSp OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. •
IS^S' and A. M.— Called meeting TrtlS_JV
(MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, 'tfzf
j-irst degree. By orJer of W. M. r^f\
EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
H^3p SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTKB j[
w^& Xo. 1, Royal Arch Masons, iueets_/\
THIS EVENING. M. M. degree. 33J2f
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. /NT 1
Btrg= ANNUAL MEETING —T H E^u^jw
■hr~£r regular annual meeting of the stock- <*Ht
holders in the A. O. F. Hall Association of JK \
San Francisco will £>c held in Excelsior w!. S
Hall. A. O. F. building, 102 O'Farrell St., San
Framcisco. Cal., on RDAY, the 14th day of
March, 1896, at7:?o pm. ■ ■•.:-
JOHN HENDERSON, President.
J. Falcoxkr. becreiary. '
SI'ECUL zOTICK>».
ffr^= BAD TENANTS^ ETECTI-rD~i-OJK~?4 "r
3t- js> collections made, city -or country. -Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy at.,* room 6. Tel. 5580.
BtTS 1 WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
*&<& scrubbed, reasonable rates-, payment for
damnses cuaranteed. C. ROSSI CO.. 242 Sutter.
JJ^ap ■ MME. : HANSEX AND ASSISTANTS—
Hr-J^ 1 Klectric. vapor, salt water baths. 11 Taylor.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FE3IALE.
pERNAN COOK UNDERSTANDING FIRST-
T class American and French cooking wants a
situation: tesl of references from last place: also a
competent infant's nurse, with 5 years' references,
wants work. For particulars address MI>S
PLUNKETT. 424 sutter St.; telephone, main 5472
pOMPETENT GERMAN COOK AND HOUSE-
\J work pirl. wants situation: best references;
city or country. MI»S CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
C~ OMPETENT FR EN H WAITRESS AXD
Seamstress wants situation; or as nurse: best
references: city or country.- -MIsS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ' ■
AXTED— BY XEAT WOMAX, ANY KIND
»T ot light work by the day, week or month, to
care for one or two children or family mending : is
willing and obliging; will board and room home if
necessary. Call at ISIO . Fillmore St., near Bush,
for two days. . .
rpRAINED KURSK. SCOTCH. WISHES RE-
X .engagement as masseuse or In medical, sur-
gical and mental diseases; lady or gentleman;
would go by the hour to patient's residence; terms
! moderate. Call 441 McAllister st.
; PESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL WOULD
XV like to go East or to Europe, takin: care of in-
: valid or children: expenses to be paid only: no
i wages expectrd. T. E., box 19, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAX DESIREB A SlT-
uation to do light housework; wages $10 to
$15; city, or country. Call 829 a Howard st., nr.
4th, Ist lloor ; no postals.
COMPETENT GIRL WISHES A -SITU
tion as cook, or general housework In either
Jewish or American family; wages $20 to $25.
Call for 2 days, 2410 Geary st
pESPECT ABLE GERMAN GIRL WANTS A
XV place for general housework or upstairs work
and sewing; wages $20 to $25. A. ±i., box 114,
Call Office. . •
"VTUItSE— RELIABLE GIRL WISHES PLACE
-LV to take care of grown children and assist up-
stairs work or plain sewing; city references. 920
Post st. • • ■
RESSMAKER — FIRST CLASS, RAPID
XJ worker, formerly with City of Paris; refer- !
ences given: tern. s $1 50 per day. Call or address !
12031/2' Devlsadero st
"TkRESSMAKER WISHES A FEW ENGAGE-
XJ mentsby the day: cuts and refits: $1 25 per
day. Please apply 843 Pago si., nr. Scott.
000 DRESSM \ KKH AND SEAMSTRESS
.wanxs place in private family for sewing and
chamber-work. Address O, Hox 104. . t :
pOMPETENT YOUNgUirITwISHES SITUA-
\J lion as chambermaid' in hotel or rooming-
house. Please call 1 '.<2 Russ St., near Howard. :
pELIABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO GO
XV East as nurse to an invalid or childreu; fare
for services. Address M., box 104, Call Office.
VfEAT RECIABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
L XN place as working housekeeper for a small
family; reasonable wages, Addresa K. S., 828 1
Nineteenth st. " .• . . ;
merlcan working HOUSEKEETER
A. wants a situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda. ■
p IRL WANTS SITUATION FOR GENERAL
*T housework; good references. 2514 Post st.,
lower flat - ' ' ' ■
pOMPETENT KIND RG A RTE NE R WHO
\J speaks German fluently wishes a governess' po-
sition. Address D., box 104, Call Office.
LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS COOK ON
a ranch. Inquire 712 Kearny st., room 17.' ••':
RESSMAKER WOULD LIKE TO GO OUT
by theday: $1 50 a day. 301 Franklin st.
"I ADIES^URSE WISHES A FEW MORE
Xj engagements. Address Nurse, 408 Gougn st.
WEDISH EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, FlRST-
class girl waiting situation. 315 Sutter st.
atiox WANTED BY FREXCHGIRL TO
O take care of children, do upstairs work and
sewing; goon seamstress: no objection to travel-
Ing. Address F. G., box 127, Call Oflice. -
AXTED BY COMPETENT WOMAN TO DO
hobsework; is good cook Rud laundress; good
bread and biscuit maker: don't mind large family;
city or country. 8 Anthony st, off Mission, near
Second. ; "~ . ■
VALID NURSE— A.'. COMPETENT! RE-
X fined Danish girl desires situation to wait on
iady or care for invalid : is willing to do some up-
stairs work; tirst-class references. Address ISO 7
California st. . -. . > , ■-.' ■
PELIABLE .W.OMAN' WISHES SITUATION
It as liousekeeper for widower's family or in
hotel or take charge of lodgipg-house.etc. Address
B. W., box 49, Call Office. .
Ijinrß RE A DER WISHES To READ TO AN
Invalid; wilt give leßsons In elocution at hours.
Address E. box 16, Cull Office. - •> ... •
SITUATION • WANTED BY. FIRST-CLASS
O waitress: good references. Addresa 195 Hyde.
C COMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES SEWING:
J plain sewing or children's clothes; $ladav:
machine furnished If necessary. Seamstress, 418
EHis ■-." - .-.■■': :■-,..-- .: ■-■ ■.-■■■■ .-■■ :'. ■■-.
WOMAN WANTS- WASHING OR • HOUSE-
»t cleaning: $1 per day and carfare. Address C.
F.,box 77, Call Office. , . ,
T" ADY OF REFINEMENT, AOS 35, WISHES
-Jr position as hoaseiceeper: widower; grown-up
family: couniry prelerreil. Olßs. 8.. box 80. Call.
"nELIA RLE WOMAN WaNTS CHAMBEi:-
XV woric ; sieep home. Address K. 11., Lo.t 147, CalL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
MTITATIOSTB WAXTEP-Continned. _
ESPECTABL.E M?DIJI.K >" AGED , LADY
XV would like to iaice full limgii of lodging-house;
references if required.'? Cull -or address 4^| Yerba
Buena 3t., off Clay, bet. Mason and Taylor.
SITUATION wanted BY YOUNG girl to
do' general, housework. Call or address 117
Elliaar. • i ■ ■
VOO.NO LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
' X BtenOgrapher and bookkeeper: salary no object;
reference. Address J.. Call Branch, 71,3 Larkin.
"U'XPERIENCED - DRESSMAKER AND DE-
Xj signer desires work by th.c day iv families or
at home; exquisite fitting. Address New York
City, box 98, Call Office. .. . . .
rpRAINED NURSE DESIRES POSITION;
• 1 care of invalid lady or child; physicians' refer-
ences. . 237 Oak st. • ■ . '.
IDDLE - AGED- AMERICAN WOMAN
wishes a positron as housekeeper; country pre-
fei-rc- 1. Address MRS. BLANK, Stockton, Cal.
ifXPERIiCNCED DRKSSMAKEJR DESIRES
J fey,- more piiKiigpinents by the day; terms
$1 76. Address 10^0 Geary St.
yOl"NO girl wisnEs A position FO*R
X housework and plain cooking. I'lease call or
address 128 Silver st. . ,
■ pOLORED WOMAN WISHES DAY WORK"
\J washing or housecleatiiug or washing to do
home. Address C, box 98, Call Office.
IpiRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER DESIRES
1 work at her home or will go out; perfect fit
guaranteed; reasonable. 22 Fifth st. • • ■
OMI'KTKXT WOMAN WHO CAN DO
KJ French'or American cooking wants situation;
is first-class laundress; fond of children; will work
city or. country in neat family; moderate wages.
Call 749 Howard st.
V FIRST-CLASS SEAMSTRESS IN COUN-
try. good cutter and fitter. Address C. F., box
16, Call Office. " . .
pOLORED WOMAN WANTS PLACE; HOUSK-
"L work, plain cooking: can give reference. 26
Bernard st., off Taylor, bet. Pacific and Broadway.
II rA N TKD— POSITION AH 8E AM STRESS IN
'» family or housekeeper for elderly couple. A.
>[.. 1802 Polk st. .
17 P K rTk >: C TAILORESS WISHES EN-
-Tj gagemenls to do plain sewing and mending.
Call or address lV!OV 2 Geary St., room 15.
"DELI ABLE SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS
■asitUHtion to do general housework. Please
call or address 414 I'olsom St., near First.
EXPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED LADY, COM-
petent for housekeepinc or any place of trust,
wishes' situation in a good family, * no objection to
country; references if required. Address A. 8.,
Lorin siaiion. Alameda County, Cal., Postoffice
.box6s. • " •
XPKRIENCED STENOGRAPHER HO UN-
derstands bookkeeping desires position; good
city references, s. T., box 135, Call Office.
"trO PNG LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
X housekeeper. 17a Sixth st.. room 1.
\\riNCHESTER 44 THIRD ST., NR,
TT Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 60 per night;
$1 CO to $6 per week; convenient knd respectable:
Iree bus to and from the terry. - - •
SITUATIONS UA.MKIi-MALI!;.
C?oT^O^S^io7r^il?pirLrE^C^K^s7AL^
. branches :short notice.. l 4 (<earv.- tel.Grant4ti.
UNTER <fc CO., CHJNKSK AND JAPAN-
ese employment oflic«, 17 Webb St.. below
Kcarny. bet. California ainl Sacramento: tel. 231.
JAPANESE AM) CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O oflice; best help. 3141J Sut.'er: lei. (irant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESK EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 4l4Vs O'Farrell; tel. 1.. 426.
MA N AND WIFE WITH ONE CHILI) WANT
situation on rancii: man good all-round ranch
hand, wife first-class cook: wages $30. R. P. 0.,
742 Howard st.
ITOATION WANTED IN A PRIVATE FAM-
O ily: understands the care of horses, cows and'
garden. J. I)., box 119, Call office. . ' "
A BBE GOOD BARBER WANTS STEADY
position: city or country. Address FRANK,
pox 138. Call Office. .
I T CATION WANTED— MAN AND WIFE;
O man good horseman and gardener; can milk;
wife good cook and housekeeper; best of references.
Address A. S., box 133, Call Oflice.
\\r ANTED— TO CARE FOR. HOKOKS AND
» » garden by a middle-aged man who thoroughly |
understands his business; can -milk "and make
himself useful; best of reference. Address C. H.,
bex 47. Call office.
"LMR^BMaN"" ISHKS '. SITUATION; MANY
f years experience; best of reference. 416 Sec-
ond st.
OOKKEKPER WITH COMMERCIAL EX-
perience desires to 'keep accounts for 2 to 3
hours ft day; good reference. Address B. X., box
143 Call Office. ■ .
AKEKS' WOHK WANTED AS HELP; I
worked in variety bakery on bread and rolls; j
single man. aged 22: Btrong: low wages for steady
place. E. R.. care of Mrs. Lecey, 70 Minna st.
INGLE MAN. 27.. G00D KDUCATION, COM- '
10 petent bookkeeper, desires employment: will
do anything from cart-driving up; city or country;
is sober and reifable. Address CD.," box 16, Call
Office. . "I ;"■ _;7 ':■ V ;;. •
\ DVERTISER DESIRES EMPLOYMENT AS j
x\- coaenman, groom, valet or gardener, or one
and other combined; highly recommended. C, 15
Ullden sr.
pOACHMAN — ENGLISH; THOROUGHLY
\J understands his business; also gardening and
cows; first-class references. Address Doc, 1725
Everett >t.. Alameda. .--. ■•■ .- -.
APANESK lIOUSK-CLEANING ANDCAR- i
pet; washing windows; any kind of work by I
the day. 1600 Pacific aye., near Polk st.
ITUATION WANTED— GERMAN." GENER-
-0 ally useful: good horseman; understands gar- |
dening; can milk; city references; moderate wages.
Situation, Postoffice, North Temescal. Alameda Co. j
QTEADYMAN OF 30 WANTS SITUATION
O as salesman in first-class grocery or boot and
shoe store; was 7 years in grocery, 4 . years in boot
and shoe business: best of references. Address J.
L. SALVAGE, 1045 Market st. . ■■ -,---•;•
I>eL7aBLE FIRST-CLASS MAN WANTS SIT-
XI uation around private ple>ce; Is soodcaachmun
ana fair gardener and can make himself generally
uselul around the place. Address H. 8., box 112,
Call.Offlce. <
VOUNO MAN OF 25. ENGAGED IN EVEN-
X iDg study in the city, desires position In whole- i
sale business or office; salary secondary; refer- I
ences, E. 1., box 4, Call Office.
AS N URSE. COMPAN lON •OR VALET TO
-i. v invalid gentleman: conies well recommended.
Address V., box 38, Call Oflice.
"11 AN 35 YEARS OLD, SINGLE, SEVERAL
i'l years' experience in business, wants situation
as shipping or bill clerk ; best city references. Ad-
dress R. G., box 35, Call Office.
L'IKST I.AS.> CUSTOM TAILORS' CUTTER
F having leisure time during ihe day would like
to have custom cutting to do as piecework at very
reasonable figures; best of references. Address
J. H. HAWES, Crocker Building.
VV" ANTED— BY AN ENERGETIC, ALL-
» » round business man employment, with pros-
pect of an in;er.est, in some retail, wholesale or
manufacturing" business in the city or Lcountry.
Address W. 8., box 40, this office. ■
.WANTED— SITUATION' BY MAN; NURSE
tt or traveling companion to invalid; cah give
gooi references. Address Companion, box 17,
North Temescal, Alameda County, Cal. ■ ■:./ ■
"qwede wants situation as coach- .
O man; understands care of horses and carriages
thoroughly: also care of garden; first-class refer-
ences: city or country.' Address W. 8., box 101,
Call < 'Itice. ■•.'■•■-■
FEMALE help \\ III>.
\\r A NTED^3 COOKS^^G E R MaIS STYLe7S2S
■TT and $30; German nursery governess.. $".'5:2
(iernian and French nurses, s2o;' maid. pJaln sew-
ing, $15: cook, boarding house, $25, nntl girls for
cooking and housework In city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutter st. ;
W ANTED— 2 AITRESSKS. SAME HOTEL,
• ' $20, see party here at 10:30 : to-day; cliam-
bermald, wait 1 meal. $16; cook, hotel. $30; neat
waitress, first-class place,' s2o, and others. J. F.
CROSETT <t CO., 312 Suiter st.
T A UNDRESS, $30:HOUSKWORKGIRL, BE
\J vedere. »20: Palo aUq, $20: San afael, $25;
cook, Visalia. $30; 25 housework girts city and
country, $20 and $25; 6 young grrls, assist, $10 to
H&, Ml-s CULLKN, 323 Mutter st.
■\rURSK, SANTA RARBAJtA, $30; cook,
11 f-antii Barbara, $25: cook and second girl, $20
and $15, same.house: German second girl, $20; : 2
Irish «econd girls, $20 and $25. Girls can secure
first-ciass positions of any kind by calling on MI-ss
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. . ■ • ■ -. - - -
MAID. $15: SLEEP HOME. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st. \
AID AND SEAMSTRESS, $25; FRENCH
seamstress. $25; German cook and second
girl, same house, $25 and $20. Apply MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st. ;
.WORKING. HOUSEKEEPER, $12. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. ' ;• .
IRIS H COOK. PLAIN BOARDING-HOUSE.
San Hafael; $26 to $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. '. " : •■ _-.
p ERMAN NURSING GOVERNESS, $25. MISS
VT CULLEN. 323 Sotter st. ;. . , ■■,-.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD AS HOUSEKEKP-
er; $10. : MISS CULLEX, S»8 Sutter st.
ANTED— AX EDUCATED GERMAN GIRL
for thecare of grown children, $25; I cook, as-
sist plain wash, Oakland, $30; nurse for an infant,
Oakland. $20; laundress and chambermaid^. $25;
12 good housework (flrls for city and I country. $25
and if 20: 10 young girls at i 2 and $15. Apply
MISS PLUNKETT, 434 Sutter at.
WANTED-FRENCH COOK, COUNTRY", $30-.
. German cook, city, $30: French maid and
seamstress, $25: French nurse, $20; laundress and
chambermaid, $25: clrls housework, $25, $20
and $15. LEON ANDKE, 315 Stockton st. -•/: . .
pHAMBERMAID, ASSIST WAITING, HOTEL
\J near ci' y, $20; girl for second work and sewjng,
$20: bonseglrl, small American family, city, $20:
Protestant girl, near city, $16; woman with child,
$10,, fare paid; 50 girls and women for other places
at MURRAY <fe READY'S, 634 Clay st. ; ; : "
U.'.CH. WAITRESS." $3 PER WEEK; NO
Sunday work. , MURRAY <fc READY. 634 Ctay.
TTOUSEGIBL, WILLO.WS, 2IN FAMILY. $25,
XX fare paid; girl, Livcrmore, $20; 2 second girls,
$29: 4 Oerman. and Swedish girls, $25; French
cook, $50: 2 nurses, $15:10 girls, American fam- ,
ilh-s, $20; 10 girls assist, $15. $20; girls cull: you
get fair treatment. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton.
.T|T ANTED — GIRL FOR BERKELEY m FOR
TT-gcnerar housework: no washing; small fam-
ily; 20. ll V^ tonio st., off J ouea, near Ellis. :
. 1 WKl.P^WAJlTKP— Cwniitnnqrt. _-._■ _
COOK. $25? 7 HOUSEGIRLS, «90j 15 OIRLB
yj at $15 and a number for $10 and $12. C. R.
HANaKN A CO., 110 Geary at.. :■-';" ' :""'./ ■-■:;
-) scandTnavian i CHAMBERMAIDS; as-
— sist wait: $20; same house; faie paid. C. R.
HANS EN & CO., HOGeary.st. - , -
WAITRESSES 'ND 2 CHAMBERMAIDS
and waitresses; different country hotels; $20.
C.R. HANSEN «fe CO.. 110 Geary at. ■:..': ■■" -■-v-".
9 WAITRESSES: COUNTRY HOTEL NEAR
city ; $20. C. R. H A N S E N <fc CO., 110 Geary.
OCHAMBERMAIDS AND WAITRESSES;
same house; country; $20; fare paid. C. R.
lUNaEX CO., 110 oearyst.
A WAITRESSES' CITY: $20 AND $15. C. R.
t: HANSEN <t CO., 110 Geary St. -
QHIRT IRONER, $30, AND IRONER ON
O ladles' clothes $2-6 for hotel laundry, British
Columbia; housework girl for Dixon, $15. R. T.
WAKD C 0.,.610 Clay su__
TVJ"EAT, RELIABLE WOMaX FOR GENERAL
-L^t housework and cooking for small family easy
place; sleep home. N. R., box 108 Call Office.
OONG AND n DANCE GIRL FOR COUNTRY
0 during summer lo work in music hnll. Call or
ALBERT A. SMITH, 214 Third st'.-- -. -.'.•.
GIRL FOR- GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
vX pl*ln cooking. Call this morning, 2005 Pine
St., near Laguna. ■ : ' r
VVTa XTED-YOUXG GIRL FOR GENERAL
»» honsawork; small family; wages $10. Call
at 1102% Eddy 'at. ' : ''■■' .'
ULA HULA DANCING gTrTTsTbig s a l-
ary weekly. Apply after 10 a.m., ARCHIE
LKVY, People's Palace, cor. Eddy and Mason sts.
ANTED-AN ERRAND GIRL. 1133 POLK.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOCSK-
VJ worlc: 2 in family. .1904 Sutter st.
VEaT YOUNG GIRL rASSrST "IN HOUSE-
■I* work ; no children. 1122 a Turk st. '"?
OPERATORS WITH OWN MACHINES AND
some experience on cloaks: good pay. 10 Geary.
GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
VT housewom. 737 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED YOUNO APPRENTICE ON
-Li flnecqats. 108 Battery St., second floor. ■ .
"IirANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR CHILDREN.
TT 1308 a Lcavenworth St., near Clay. : •
p ERMAN. UIRL, AGED 16, FOR LIGHT
vX housework; small family. 634 Oak st. :
RESSMAKER WANTED. 113iy how-
ard st. ■■ .- ; • -. . . ;■ h.
VOUXG WOMAN FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
X aud to mind children. 622 Linden aye.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IX LIGHT HOUBE-
J- work and cooking. 1217 Webster at.
\\. r ANTED— YOUNG GIRL; LIGHT HOUSE.
tT work; steady place. - 387 San Jose aye.
ADY FOR DELICACIES STORE AS PART-
J ncr; sma» capital required. 335 Fourth st.
p OOD COOK.WASHER AND IRONER; GOOD j
VI references. 530 Eddy St.
T7URST-OLASS TAILOR AN-1 ED. 834 HOW-
r ard st. .
VOUNO GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X work and child; $8. 223 Sixth st.
TAILORESS WANTED AS FINE PANTS-FIX-
Isher. 6y 2 Kearny St., top floor.
pELIABLE (iIRL FOR GENERAL lIOUSE-
It work in small family. 1113% Treat aye.
PUPILS FOR MILLINKRY SCHOOL; LES-
X sons private or class; evening pupils special at-
tention: stylish trimming 25c 410 Leaven worth.
"IPIRTS-CLASS fancy G-ODS saleslady
X I of experience is wanted. U. S, Industrial
Agency t room 167, Crocker building.
IHLS TO COOK AND HOUSEWORK. A LSO
VJ second work, waltre ses and other good situa-
tions. Apply J. P. JOHNSON <fc CO., 872 Broad-
way, Oakland, i
1 ADIES TO LEARN HAIR-DRESSING,
lJ beauty culture, etc. 131 Post St., room 20. .
\l, r -ANTED"^"IN AMERICAN FAMI L V,
tt young girl of willing and cheerful disposition
to do plain cooking and cleaning, with care of one
child of 5: no chamberwork; no "ashing or bak-
ing; wages $10- and canare monthly; good home
and kind treatment for a girl fond of children and
of lively disposition: references required. Address
MRS. T. V., box 136, (.'all Office.
AIRDRESsFxo, 25c AND 35cr MORNING
and eveclasses; 101essoris.$l 60. 1248 Mission.
rvRESSMAKERS N D Q I RLs TO LEARN
XJ quick method of cutting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c uu; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy, 213 Powell.
WINCHESTER H OUBK, 44 THIRD. NEAR
TT. Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 p?r night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f»»e bus to and from the ferry. .
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
ItX Winchester llause, 44 Thi^d St., near Market:
IW rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 &U to $6 per
week: free bus to and trom the ferry.
' PPRENTICES TO I.EAKN DRESS CUT-
-ii. ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms67 and 68.
T A XX( E PATTERN HOUBE— DREsS-
J-irr.tt'ng wliool. 1231 MarkPt st..tH-;. Bth and 9th.
■ H.4LK HELP WAMKD. .'
HEAD COOK. RESTAURANT. $90. C. R.
HANSEN <fe CO., 110 Oearyst.
} ENGINEER AND MACHINIST WHO CAN
-J run dynamo and s'.orape batteries; must have
first-class' references. C. R. UANSEX * CO.. 110
Geary st. - • . . .■'■'■-.-
NTED-S( AXDIXAVIAX GERM AN
quartz miners: gee boss here. C. R. HAN-
SI-; N & CO., 110 Geary st.
LACKSMITH FORA RAILROADCAMP, $35,
X) board. C. R. HAXSEX <t CO., 110 Geary st.
IRONER TO RUN SHIRT POLISHING MA-
chine, hotel laundry, $28 ° and board. C. R.
HANSKN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
W ANTED-SCANDINAVIA 9 ANDOERMAN
*» quartz miners: see boss here. C.R.HAN-
SKN A CO., 110 Geary st
\f AN TO TAKE CONTRACT to sink a
i»l shaft: 2 hewers to get out ties, $26 and board;
woodsman: youne man for nursery, $15. R. T.
WARD & CO., UOB an.t 610 Clay st.
p: (\ ME N WANTED: FROM $15 To' $60 AXD
OV found, at MURRAY <fc READY'S Employ-
nient Office Monday at 7:30 A. m.
LACKSMITH FOR RANCH; 2 WIRE-NAIL
operators. $2 ISO a day; asbestos miner; 5 tie-
hewers. $20; farmer ' and • wife. MURRAY <fc
READY, 634 Clay st. . '
piIRTKH. $20; PANTRYMAN. $20; 3 COOK.S;
X 2 waiters: ironer, $30: man for private resi-
dence. MURRAY it ADV. 634 Clay st.
W AXTED — MIDDLE-AGED MAX WHO
thoroughly nnderstands the raising of chick-'
ens with Incubators: everything handy and a good
steady place ior the right man: also farmers,
milkers, laborers, cook*, waiters and dishwashers.
W. 1). EWER A CO., 626 Clay at. ■
PASTRYCOOK, $60. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
X Kearny st ' • .
0" FFI <• E BOY, TYPEWRITER PRE-
ferfed: sn^alt salary. = Stale, In handwriting,
age. experience, etc., to LAW, box H9, this oflice.
\\ r ANTED— FIRST-CLASS CEMENT FIN-
TT isher; Call at UAUX, cor. Turk and De-
visadero sts. . . " '
WANTED— BLACKSMITH; MUSTBEFIRBT-
tt class horseshoer. Twelfth and Market sts.,
Oaklaud. : ' .
W.\ XT I : I A M F.N FOR EUROPE AND
South seas and other ports. 10 Steuart st.,
upstairs.
BARBER WANTED— YOUNG MAN WITH
about eight (8) months' practice. 1006 Mis-
sion st. ■-..-- ' _.
WANTED-3 MEN 4 DAYS A WEEK; $1 60
TT day. Call early, 1239 Market. M. SIXGER.
BOOTBLACK, SIX rM FLOOR, SAFE DE-
jiosit building, between 12 and 1 p. m.
OY WANTED. 14 TO 16 YEARS OLD: RE-
side. with parents. 909 Larkin st.
W ANTED-PAINTERS AT 1 17 TURK ST.,
: T> •7:30 a. m. sharp, Monday.
OOD HAT MAN WANTED AT H. ROMAN
\J A CO., Fifth and Market sts. , .■ . '- -
VirANTED-UPHOLSTERER AT C. DIEL'S,
" TT. 2706 Mission at. . .
AILOR-SMOP- FOR SALE CHEAP; LOW
rent W. H. SPROW, 1137 Mission at. . . ; .
MAN WITH SOME CAPITAL, ACQUAINTED
around Mill Valley, wiir hear of a good busi-
ness proposition by addressing H. C. box 9f«, Call.
<Ji9fWi I'A RTXE R~Tb~JOIN IN BUYING
<Jp«j\/''. Market-st. chopbouse; no experience
required ; sure business. 8. J., box 16, Call Office.
WANTED— AN' INDUSTRIOUS- CATHOLIC
can make $15 per week. J. N. ODELL, 927
Market st, room 40 i. ; •
OOD SADDLE-MAKER IS WANTED AT
once. U. s. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building. , . •
ANTED-FIRST-CLABS MEN TO SOLICIT
»" orders for « custom-made suits at wholesale
prices; city and country. . E. H. LEVY, 113 Bush.
MEN TO GO NORTH FOR THE SUMMER.
HERMAN, 228 Pacific st ':■:■.■
WANTED-AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
ery st, clerks and> laborers t* call . if they do
not' receive their . just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts. ."„ -.by
O R SALE-^ELEGANT BARBER-SHOP; 5
X I years' lease. 131 O Farrell st. -'-.'■■■- ■■■'.'-• ■ ~.». : '
Y^ELLOW FRONT. 635 CLAY ST.; MEALS,
-» . with coffee or tea, s cenls. ..'." ' '
1?OR ALASKA: THE BRtGBLAKELEY, 146
. tons, will leave s n Francisco for Cooks Inlet
on March 10, with passengers; each passenger al-
lowed 800 , pounds baggage, : including - rowboat
Information regarding mining will | be given By a
practical miner who has teen there. For further
particulars apply to FRED HOLMES, 806 Bat-'
tery st. ■-. :■-,-■. ■.■..,-'■ ■ ■,-? •,'-:-■ ,:.-. - ,;."■■.',-, ':-"
ARBERS, ATTENTION— TO LET, Al SHOP;
low rent. .406 Castro at ,iunc. Market ana 17th.
■vtew WALDO house, 765 mission, bet. l
-Li 3d and 4th— Single famished rooms, night 15c
.to 60c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest atf ntlon to morning calls; open all ntfcht.
EXPERIENCED SHOP-CUTTER. ON CLOTH-
1j ing; others need not apply. 7. 20 Bansome st. ;• . "
ANTS (DRUMMERS' SAMPLES) FOR SALE;
X anybody fitted. 618 Market St. „ ■ "a
EST MEaL OX EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
coursea, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant. 137 Fourth.
VKW AXD SECOND-HAND SHoES FROM
-•Li \iic up; men's half soles, 40c 1003 Mission st.
-,:■; ;':;-■ ""■ :
* N EXCEPTIONAL <)PPORTT r N?rY^FOR"A
J"l. thorough r business man, 25 to 30 years, with
small capital; must speak Spanish, frivo first-clas3
lS 1 8 r CaH e offlce Urn l>ouds. Address ;N. A., box
108, Call Office.
~w;anted-man TO OPEN AND KUN a
6S J»rJc-store, dellcacie9t elc Adareas P. O. box
63, Berkeley. .. ; . ; . .
WANTED-BEAMEN; ORDINARY SEA AND
V green hands for deeo-water voyages, whaling.
Apply 117 Drunaro, upstairs. PETER McMAHON
■1| EN'S %-SOLING: 50c: LADIEV 40c; DONE
i-U while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T)O NOT FORGET TO "DO AS YOU WOULD
XJ be done by,': and come and see: half-soled in
15 minutes, done while you wait; all repairing done
by. machinery; all repairing at hair price- work
goaranteed. 662 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
VVT ANTED-MEN AND LADIES TO LEARN
barber trade: only 8 weeks lequired; tools
given and wages paid for Saturdays and Sundays*
catalogues, a. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard st.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD 7
lathe best. C.KERTELL. Mateo.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c tofl 25. 86-' Mission. ,■ -.
\J ARBERS' PROTECTIVE lON""empLOY-
J-> inent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
BARBERS— EMPLOYMENT CALL SE(>
retarv Barbera'Asso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238V 3 o'Farretl. J
ELCHO HOUSE, 863Vfr ' MARKET ST —
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
»» St.: 200 rooma; beat In the city sing.'c rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
ffi>l TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS"
<£) i- large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
OSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST. ; ROOMS
XV 20c to 50c night; gl lo S4 week; open ail night.
WANTED— MECHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
" ers tocall if they do not receive their iust, dues:
law and commercial collections; no charge unless
successful. KXOX Collection Agency, 1 10 Sutter st.
'ANTED— LABORERS AND • MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, ■till runs Denver ll ouir , 217 Third st. ; 15(1
large rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading.
room: free bus to and from the ferry. . .-..:.
"1 t \f\ MEti TO TAKE. LODGING AT 10c, 15c
JL^'l/ and 20c a night, Including co:i'ee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CIT i— SINGLE ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
26 cents per night; «1, »l 25, »1 60 p*r weelc
P»clflc House .Commercial and Leldeadorff ats.
ANTED-MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
*' steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Cay at. '
REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
also a hot tl tof lager, 6c, at 637 Clay at. ,-.;.:
fPKY ACME HOUSE, 9a7 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 26c a nlKhf. $1 a week.
WANTED— ROOMS, 15c A DAY: *1
. week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-roam: dally papers. 36 Clitv st. . ■ > ■ '
A GKNT < ■■■ WANI'bD. "
"X GENTS— WE HAVE THE ONLY mo n y"
A making noveliies for hard times; write or
call; our agents are all making money. Alumi-
ii'im Novelty Co.. 110 sinter at. . .
FUKNITUKE WANTED)
A'^ V MALONE r "PAY^^TPER"i:ENT."MOR"E
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave Orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
CIASH PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
J COB BCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID
■t*- aecond-hand furniture and carpets by i.undy
Furniture Co.. 813 MnrKe- st.: call or-send postai.
: wantisd-miscelxankous.
TJrA^T^D^jSrxVELE^S^^OL^^ECON?)^
"' hand; viz.: 1 seat bench, rollers, drawbench,
polishing machine, etc.; state price. Address T.
8., box 77. this office. , -, :
ANTED-YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS. watchmaker. 128 Kearny st., third floor.
SELL YOUBTbOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
O elrv to A. KLKIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postiO.
bl^liCA'l 10-VA.L..
"T^liE^rTllE^tA dTncTsTu ) RTHTNrTcrur
A iege; individual instruction; 4 months' course;
oay and evening 325 Montgomery st.
ADY GIVES PIANO LE-SONS, 25c; PU-
J pil'a home. Address E., box 9, Call.
RS. MELVJLLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
Sntter; teacher vocal music (Italian method),
piano; elocution; dramatic elocution, a specialty;
vocal and Shakespearean classes; dancing.
ROFKSSOH G. MANSFIELD, TEACHEK OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
GUITAR. mandolin, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
ANJO, PIANO AN*D GUITAR, 50c PER LES-
soti; music furnished. .125 Tenth st.
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: private
or class: moderate. MISS DILLON, 305 Larkin.
LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTK. PHYSt.
cnl culture, voice culture. "- OLIVE HOFF
bCHROEDKR. 299 Hyde St.: call after 1 p. M.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
.X ing, shorthand, etc Stlehl's College. 723 Market.
11ELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranired; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mk:t.
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, M&
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, arch'tecmre,
assay; estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR. CORNET
taught. Prof. L. MERKI, 225 Geary :reasonabl»
VJPaNISH.FJJENCH, GERMAN MODERATE.
CjMelsterscliaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
ALD'S BUSINESS COLLEG E, 24 POST ST..
Bookkeeping, . business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.' ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
XTIGHTSCHOOLiUEALL'SBUS. COLLEGE
l\Post:<-ommerclal. shorthand. Enuilsh: low ra r
IOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
sonable. . PROF. FRANCIS. 1045 V Valencia.
CHEMISTRY A.ND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
" . ham's Vichool. ror. Gearv iivl Powell sts. • -
V LAIKVOV
.-vf^ET^YTßlLl^^Trl^^ ?asi\
•ITI present and future; lucky charius; fee 50c
914 O'Farrell st. " . . : " ■..■-. C';-V
ME. MOREAU. BKST m?:dium: reveals
past, present uinl future :25c up.764 Howard St.-
\| ME. P.QRTEK, CARD- KEADKB; TOLLS'
i'l past, present, future: ladies 50c. gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
b EST CLAIRVOYANT ON A RTH; LADIES
XJ and gents; fee 25c. 206 Fourth st. ■ ...
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dium'and card-read*r. . 132 Turk st.
ME. ARNDT,"BEST FORTUNE TELLER Uf
the world: 60c. and $1 will sho\T you the Die-,
ture of your -future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth.
MISS MKLVINA, CI,AIRVOYANT,VfcTuTTE
of future husband or wife. ,7C6i/ 3 Howard st,
ME. STEWART THK GJEU&ATJBST CARD
reader and clairvoyant In the world: seventh
daughter; has read curds since 11 years of age;and
mining, lawsuits and murrlage; ladies or gents
60c. 917 Market st., parlors 3 and 4. ■ ;■ ': j
AC AND ■ ~~ ■■• . 60c AND *1.
O\J PROFESSOR LEON, • ...
6: 3 POST ST.
Wonderful power to tell the past, present and
future;. valuable advice on all affairs: letters witn
stamps answered: hours, 9 to 3, also Sunday. -'..■■.
ME. RAVENA OF 828 HOWARD ST. AN-
nounces to her patrons removal to 5 Fourth, r.
3 and 4: sittings daily; tips races; names given; 25c.
\M ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC
.i'l er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; - names given; | i;ood \ advice: • sure
help: restores lost love by sympatln-; mistake ira-
posslble: fee $1; leiior $2. 9VP Post St.. nr. I.arkin.
SPIKIXUAI.IS3I. ."':■
■ * "~- -"." "■".--;--' . .-■- a --.---^-.--.--^- ---■:'-"'-- J^
■A. PROF. VAN DE VERE. •
A splendid opportunity to consult this famous
medium for a mere pittance. •
If you would i know ■■ wha the future holds for
you call without delay. Advice on all matters.
• - PROF. VAN DE VERE.
1646 Market st. '
GYPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days Included) ; 26c. 946 Mission; hours 10 to 9.
Vf RJ.J.HULTUEN.CLAIRVOYANT.TRANCE
XTX medium, mineral psychometrist. 1007 Market.
ECZEMA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated byW.H. DRUHE, at 1207 Market st., r. 2.
MRS. BEAL, MEDIUM : SITTINGS; TOBACCO
habit cured or no pay; obsessions . cured; dis-
eases women cured: lira. 10 to 8. 24 6th. riu. 8.
MRS. :J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIHVOYANT
nee medium: sittings »1. 218 Stockton st.
. '■■-..'.-.; -'105t....:
fltl 0 KEWARD^LOSi MARCH V. 3-STONE
«jpxy diamond ring, going straight- from 300
Third to Pine st. ; no question* askea if re-
turned to 300 Third st.
T OST, MARCH 2-MICROSCOPE AND cas£.
XJ Leave •- at ? Call office, Broadway, Oakland.
Large reward. =.-: ; -, ■.','■ : • •■■ .• -: -.: •• _■:■■ ■ .... .-.; -. , _-. •■ ■■
T OST-A PASS-BOOK WITHTHEH
±J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of JOHN Z. RUSSELL. No. 206.1222
The finder will please return to bank. ;-.- ; . . . '
T OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE~B~Y
XJ not , getting %my shoes ■ made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for «5. 20< I urk st.. near Jones.
' : •;■;; found; -' V '.].\ ' . ;. - : --'- ,-.
TTiOUND— A PEA-FOWIToWNeTcaThaVE
J? aame.by proving property. Call 1432 Point
Loboitave. -■. .--■■'•-;?.-• i*s^-.: : . ; - ■ " : ■--. .'•■.,.■.■■...-'-•..■,> mN
li»OUND — LARGE BROWN RETRIEVER
J Owner call Pioneer Woolen Mills.
; . "', ;• ; ; : ' ; ; . ■ " PHYSICIANS. . t ' ■."■: ■- .•-: . ' .v / 7
EItfC^ED^RTcTcrO'DONNELIi . TO 1208
Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty. - ■ ~ .
RTATr>K^I7uCIS.PHYSICN-IsUROEbN,ROYAL
U University Turin, Nucleus bldg,6Bl Markt
. . ■';■". .■ . . •-■"'■-:'
TO buy, SELL obTexch ange^aTbusiness
X of any kind see STRAN D «fc CO 46 Third st.
©XX A BE STAURANT : AMONG WHOLE-
ffpUOXf. sale bouses; near Market st.; day trade;
clears $100 to $150 per month:' great- bargain on
account'of departure. . S TitAND CO., 45 Third.
(SjO7X FRUITs"TORE; A .LIVING-ROOMS :
«Jj)O I 'J. clears $75 per month ; no opposition;
cheap rent: bargain. BTRAND & CO.. 45 Third st.
fll» 1 fi(\Cl LIQUOR - STORET~TR ANSFE R
uPJ-Ul/l/. corner; fnll value in stock, etc.;
large trade 4 rooms. STRAND «fc CO., 46 Third.
<Sil '/I LAU NDRY ROUTK; GOOD SALARY
<fl) I uU. to steady Swede. STRAND, 46 Third.
*<_QAA RESTAURANT ON THIKD ST., NR.
«JSOuU. Market: pays well. STRAND, 45 Third.
Ot .' GROCERY IN BEUKELEY.HOUSE
tsZi\)\J\J. and iot included. STRAND, 45 Third.
©OC A PARTNEB IN RESTAURANT;
*a!£O\J. clears $100 per mo. STRAND.4S Third.
Ojl AAA ""RESTAURANT: EXCELLENT LO-
tIrIUUU.- cation: trade of $35 per day; clears
$100 per month. STRAND i CO.. 45 Third st. .
Oj/.'AA. SALOON AND REsTaIRANT;
«H)UvV/. transfer corner; receipts $20 per day;
well fltted-un: full vaJue; cleats $150 per month:
a positive bargain. STRAND <!t CO., 45 Third st.
ffij 7X A SALOON; OLD ESTABLISHED COR-
t]p I uU, ncr; steady paying business; well fitted
up; long lease; reasonable rent: owner leaving
City; full value. Apply STRAND A; CO., 45 Third.
Ijjt xa . bakery, 4 roo.us; all store
«ji) I O\J. tnicie; cheap rent: lease: clears 875 a
month; bargain. STRAND & CO.; 45 Third st. ,
01; AA A STEADY MAN WANTED AS PART-
'<rj.\J\J, ncr in genteel ensh business: clears
$100 per month each; no experience necessary;
duties to serve customers. STRAND. 46Third st.
CjOXA HALF INTEREST RESTAURANT
tjP^-iUV/. and oyster- house; best location; Mar-
ket St., near City Hall; well fltted-up Dlace: nres-
ent owner intends running place day and night
and prefers partner to hired help. STENBERC*
A CO., 632 Market st. - -- ■ ' .:■-
-<& Inr BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS;
<IPJ- I *■)• near 2 schools; 3 living-rooms; lowrent:
Al trade; great bargain. STENBERG A CO.,
632 Market st. ' . ;
<B»J.P; CORNER SALOON; HANDSOME
*lD^i-O\J. place: superb bar fixtures; fine paint-
ings, cash register, safe, etc. ; positively more than
value in night; investigat on afforded. ST_N-
BERG <fc CO., 632 Market st. ,
Hft °»7^ $375. —
<IDt> I *J. Restaurant near transfer point.
BTENBKRO CO., 632 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
9900 PARTNEB IN PLUMBING AND
£d/i.\J\J . gasfitting business: full line steel
and cast-iron ranges, laundry stoves and broil-
ers; Invoice $6000; established 20 years. STEN-
BERG COMPANY, 632 Market si. .
Q* XX A RESTAUBANT: BEST LOCATION:
i£)')O\J. established IS years; newly fitted up;
receipts $25 daily. STENBEBG CO., Market st.
Cj O X A BOUTE ESTABLISHED 2 YE~A~RS;
*Sp4,U\J. profit of 32 to 46 cents each delivery:
large cash trade; fine horse and wagon; decided
bargain; trial given. STANLKY, 2iy g Third.
Cjl AA BKANCH BAKERY: GKEAT BAR-
»IH-LV/\». gain: sickness cause of selling. BTAN-
LEY, 211^ Third si. . .
fflji P\f\ STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
tlD-Lt-'l/. tlon store; stock worth $200: splendid
chance for small investment. STANLEY, 21Va
Third st. ...-•- • . ■
£• I XA LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
q I t)U. 2yfars; easily managed; good living:
suitable 2 ladiei or-mau and wife. STANLEY,
211/ a Third st. _
■\rOTICE — TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
i-> promptly for cash. HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny
QRAA STATIONERY, SCHOOLBOOKS.
fip*J\J\J. candy, etc.; has exclusive trade of
Rchool near store; rooms; full value. HEALY. 23
' Ke.-rny st. -
<jjj 9XA PARTNER WANTED— AI CASH
»Ip_UU. business, clearing to each $75 per
month: no nicht or Sunday work: must devote 8
hours each day to.business. . HEALY, 23 Kearny.
I> a rg a INS TO-DAY— KLEGANTHQUOBSA-
*J loon near Market and Powell sts., 2 entrances;
downtown saloon and lunchhouse, $150: commis-
sion ami produce house, short distance from San
.Francisco; groceries, liquors and shipping supplies,
city front; partner in saloon, $176. > Apply W. F.
HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearnv st.
OI7C BRANCH BAKERY; 4 FINELY
VpJLIO. furnlshpd rooms: receipts $4 to $6 a
day; rent $14. BARRETT & SKIFr , 921 Market.
RANCH BAKERY AND LAUNDRY OKFICE
reasonable. BARRETT <fc SKIFF. 921 Market.
Qll O A FIRST -CLASS SAMPLE- ROOM,
*IP 1 IUU. with large patronage; near Examiner
Oftlce: owner 30 years in business; wants to retire:
rare chance. Call 533 California St., Phreuix bar.
qi»"7XA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
«>p I O\Jm withlivlng-rooma; good bartrade: cash
custom; low rent; in very best location: rare
cbance. Particulars 533 California St., Phu-nix bar.
QJ 1X" AAA ""THE LARGEST and best-
iiPlu.UUU, paying beergrottoand restaurant;
cream of trade: monthly profits of $1000 guaran-
teed: books open for inspection. Address S. G.,
WILKE, 1148*utterst.
"<B{ OX.O SALOON; CHEAP: GOOD STOCK
i£>£O\J. and fixtures ; good location. HEGARTY,
850 Market st. ' . . v : ;:
\\' A NTE D— $25O— PARTNERTS REAL ES-
»' tate business; splendid cbance; guarantees7s
per mon h profit: opposite ferry. B. CURRAN,
223 East st. »
CjXAA STATIONERY, CANDY. ICECREAM
«Ip*J"ll. parlor, with stock of cigars and tobacco;
beautifully fitted, up: stock, and fixtures worth
more than the money. ' Apply this office.
AKERY, CANDY. CIGARS AND LAUNDRY
office: bargain: living-rooms; low rents; no
agents. Inquire Call Office.
1?OR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY; CORNER
-T Twentieth and Castro sts.; sickness the cause;
steady trade: make offer.
OX A RESTAURANT; WELL ESTAB-
fJpOUU. lished; good steady trade; everything
in good running order; sure bargain. ■ 126 Ninth.
S9AA CIGAR-STORE; GOOD locationl
£\J\' • bargain. Inquire 131 Montgomery aye.
}r»OR"SATE OR EXCHANGE— DON'T FAIL TO
' look this up: tbe best appointed, the most ele-
; gantly fitted up saloon, clubrooms and wine-cellar
in San Francisco'; large stock; well established;
long lease; low rent; doing a good business; will
sell ior cash or exchange for City, Oakland or San
Jose property; renso.i for selling, retiring from
business. Address M. W., box 34, Call Office. . ;
OTEfj AND RESTAURANT, GOOD BUSI.
ness, at i\ bargain; iji country, * short distance
from San. Francisco; saloon in connection with
business; well furnished: party desires to retire
from business. Address C, box 5, Call Office.
nr ANTED— PARTNER WITH SOME CAPf-
» » tal. must, be good business man, for theatri-
cal nternrise. Address E.. box 9, Call Otßce.
F" INE HOTEL FOX RENT CHEAP: 12 SUN-
nyslde, City. Apply G. .H. UMBSEN A CO.,
14 Montgomery st. ' .. •
C"" I ANDY STORE, BAKERY. STATIONERY
I . and notions; doing agood business; established
16 years; must sell on account of moving into my
own place: no reasonable offer refused. 209
Twenty- fourth st. • ■
p OOD PAYING BAKERY AND DELICACY
\JT store for sale: retiring from business. 405 1
Jones st. ■' ' . '..'}■;. ■; ■'-■; V^>: ■'■ 1
A GENTS WANTED FOR GOOD SELLER.
J\ HEGARTY, 860 Market St., room 10.
MALL FIBST-CLASS DAY SALOON; GOOD
O reasons for sale. :' lnquire frultstore, Bush and
Dupontsts.; call 10 to 12, 3 to 4 p. M. •
A— WINE AND LIQUOR - STORE. ALSO
J\. steam trade: centrally located, off Market st.
Address T. A., box 72. this ollice. • .-.-; ;.- ; /:
EISER A TASSET, 3 FOURTH ST.— ELE-
gant - fitted-up saloon good stock; booming
transient trade: reasonable rent; Market st. center;
best chance for two partners. ■■..■'-'
jjkinr SALOON AM D" BO AJRDING-H OUSE,
tJpX i iJ. city front, 9 rooras.bar, dining-room and
kitchen; well furnished and doing good business.
PIERCiJ, 22 Kearny at. '
EIRST-CLASS NEWSPAPER MAN TO TAKE
JT an interest in one of the best-payine newspapers
.on Pacific Coast; must be sober and reliable. Ad-
dress N. P., box 75, Call. -. • • .
<_Q^fi CORNER GROCERY AND BAK;
<JpO*)U. transfer; pleasant living rooms. Apply
this ofllce. . • • . • '
QALOON AND RESTAURANT: GOOD PAY-
-0 ing business; on account of sickness; $350.
714 Bryant St., near Fifth. . "
T>oir"SALE OR EXCHANGE-CORNER SA-
£ loon stahlished for years; finely fitted up and
carrying large stock and leas-; cheap rent; good
location; near .Market; 110 agents. Addresn 3. ii.,
box 6, Call Office. ; - - :. ■ • ..■,.--. v v
T^OB SALE-MY RESTAURANT: I HAVE
JT other business. 1416 Howard or 2831 Sixteenth.
OOD PAYING ; BUSINESS'FOR A YOUNG
man. FRANK C. McCANN, 122 Market st. 1
OR SALK-CORNEII~GBOCEBY~AND~BAB*
with 6 living-rooms upstairs; rent cheap; good
trade. Apply at 201-203 Market st. - :
OOD AND COAL- YARD FOR SALE. IN
»» Western Addition. Apply 335 McAllister st.
T/OR SALE— GROCER Y AND BAR. 721 POLK
;C street.. ; .-.:.-■ ; ._ y : r:--- J -■■;.-■: :;;."- ■■
T ARGE BOARDING-HOCSE AND SALOON;
XJ good business place: rent reasonable; bargain.
Apply 322 Main st. .:' -■ ; ;.- ,■ : . . .
SjCAA SHOES I ORE AND ■ BEPAIBING-
<JpUUU. shop: best location on Market: clearing
$300 month; "full investigation allowed; can pur-
chase any part of stock you wish. Apply KENNY,
765 Market st. ;; :■ ■■: •■,.- ; ;,:.;■: V
piGAB-STORE ; FOB SALE; WILL SELL
\J half or whole and trade. HKGARTY, 860
Market, room. 10. ;.v : ■--.-.". v .... w. ; ;
A R G A I N f RESTAURANT: Al LOCATION:
13 good business; investigate this. LYNCH, 935
Market st. -....; '■,-..; \^.:; ;■;■ .....•; \ '
NAP; SALOON; GOD LOCATION; RARE
chance: see this. ' LYNCH. 935 Market st.
; TTSINES . OPENING •. 1N» THE ATE FOR A
JT real live milliner: a store for rent in O. A.
HALE &CO building, San Jose, connectPd with
their mammoth dry-goods house; write or inquire
at - store tor particulars. O. A. HALE A CO., ban
Jose,Cal.-'..-'^.-:v-"...,-.-fr--:.;r'. ; '.v ; : -"■ '■'-' '-■■:.:■': ■"' -- ' ; \--'-:-
-pROCEHY AND BAR: RARE CHANCE:
AJT cheap; leaving city. 1552 Folsom st. ,- ;
or SALE, CHEAP— GROCERY AND bar.
Apply 117 Second st. v ■ ■•--..■:.:.■ - - ;
FIRST-CLASS BUTCHER - SHOP: HORSE
and cart; good trade. Apply this olllce ' . :
FOB 6ALE— PRODUCE, NOTION AND GEO-
cery; 4 rooms; store. Apply this oflice.
BUgfJUMM cjHf^NJ^KS-Contm^
$275. FINE, OLD . KtiTABLI^nED .^A
$275. loon; good location; cheap renu_ 10^»
T^fFffKß-aHOI": CHEAI': ON ACVOB.NT
15 of ilcicness. 1806 Howard St.
GfSa^ets^n B o^P P o»n E
nia Brewery, Douglas and Diamond sts. :
T.IIKST-CIIASS SALOO-V; UHBaP^^NK
J cash register, safe and private rooms. 209
riMAU. MORNING AND EVENING ROUTES,
S^vnal>ers:-Ap. 6 to 7 p.m.. 1713 a Buchanan.
ffl» " AAA IXTEUIOR AGENCY- OF.' THIS
§B OUUU. paper for sale. Inquire at thm omc«>.
■_>1 1 A/V CHICKKN BANCH FOR -.SALK:
$1100. cheap rent; 1000 laying hens, 300
young chickens, horso and wason, harness/ cow
and toqis. InqulreMß. _. ARNDT, 529^1xthjt :
HOTEL, with BAB AND 34 rooms; all
-U occupied: north of Market st.: run by present
owner 10 years; everything in good condition, is
cheap; for sale on account of departure trom bus!
ness. Apply at 400 Bay St., cor. Mason. S. b. ■
Al'Aft FOII. INTEREST IN .A \VELL-
.rIOUU established grocery and general mer-
chandise Dusiness; stock and fixtures \vorths3bOO.
one partner retiriug; investigation solicited. Ap-
ply Call OflUe. ■ . . - ■ .
A SNAP; CIWAR STAND DOING A GOOD
JA. business, for sple, on account of other business.
See proprietor between 11 and 1 o'clock, 1 Taylor.
' PORNER ROCEKY AND BAR: CHEAP IF
\J sold at once. 321 Twenty-fourth st.
FOR SALE— SALOON: OLD STAND. 2862
Mission St.; call from 12 to 1. .
SPLENDID BUSINKSS OPPORTUNITY FOR
live man; grocery and bar for sale, cheap: 9
living-rooms; rent only $20: good reasons. Apply
this office; principals only. . . .. ;' ■
WANTED— TENANT FOR THE McMAHO.V
»T House in Hollister; Tery favorable lease to
right party: furnitnre, carpets and fixtures at half
price. Apply to THOMAS McMAHON, 628 Mar-
ket st. '■*-■• " - .
<_ 1 XAA MILK ROUTE AND .18 * FINE
1 O\J\J. milking cows, 4 horses, harness, V 5
wagons, cans and everything Included. 45 Capp.
T IQUOR-STORE FOR SALE.- 213 THIRD
XJ street. ■.■■■' - .■ ■ . . "
mo WAGON-MAKERS- WANTED PARTNER
Kin old-established shop in this city; first-class
woodworker preferred. Address P. O. 8., box 110,
Call. . .. .
FOR SALE-ONE OF THE BEST- EQUIPPED,
best-paying and best-known livery stables;
located in one of the best livery towns in the State:
this is a snap . that will bear full investigation;
reason for selling other business demands entire
attention. Address i very, box 70, Call Omce, or
P. O. box 828, Sap Jose. , . •■ .
A PER BOUTIfToR SALE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
I Apply this office, principals only.
anteiTto BUY a GOOD BUSINESS iio
Kearny St., room 6. "
tOI)GIN<i-BOI'S£S FOX SALE.
"VrOTICE- lolTl^ol : )G^O-HOU3ES~FOR SALE
IN from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
UhC en CORNER HOUSE, 20 ROOMS, AL-
%s)OO\t, ways full, clearing $50 month; 13
rooms, fine location; 36 rooms, only f750: 80
rooms, clearing $200 month, $2300. HEALY &
CO., 23 Kearny st. . -
,mQXAA 40-ROOM HOUSE, CLEARING $150
ti?ijOyJ\J . to $200 per month; low rent; every-
thing complete for hotel: a bargain seldom met
with; investigate this. See BARRETT & SKIFF
921 Market si., room 1. ■
£*p,-ROOM CORNEB-HOUSE «6UOO
\J\J 40 rooms, clearing $150 per month.... 40i>
21 rooms on Eddy street, only 600
19 rooms on Sinter street, payments 1000
16 rooms on Taylor street... '. 750
16 rooms corner Eiidy 1 1100
18 rooms sunny corner ou Post 1600
4f« rooms on Market St.. 2500
12 rooms new and good on Mission.... 600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opposite Fifth st.
M. SPECK «fc CO., 602 MARKET ST.
15 rooms, genuine bargain; worth
812U0 $500
18 rooms: beautiful home; rent only 565..... '850
22 rooms; Post st.: none better 1,000
30 rooms; clears $125 or no sale $1000 down
TE ACRES uAND IiKAR LOS ANG LES TO
XO exchange for lodging-house. . DECKER,
1020 Market st.
(F»-|^AA LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 ELE-
tlpi-ttUvf. gantly furnished rooms on Market St.;
paying house. CULVER & COLTON, 906 Market.
"ffI»9XAA ELEGANTLY FURNISHED LOD(
♦lp_nJUv/. Ing-house of 35 rooms; -central loca-
| tion; party going East. Address WARDE, box
109, Call Office.
O» 9X A CHEAP; LODGING-HOUSE FOR
tjp._iJl/. sale: 55 beds: clears $100 per month;
trial given. Call after 4p. m.. 140 Minoa st.
/lOC O'FARRELL— WELL-FURNISHED
i£O lodging-house; 15 rooms and bath: owners
forced to sell on account ot leaying the city.
rilO LET— BRAND-NEW HOUSES OF 60 AND
■I 90 rooms; liberal terms. SPECK. <fe CO., 602
Market at. _^ ./_:.. ' ■ - -.- . J 77^ - .
QrA • HOUSE ROOMS AND B.iTH; ALL.
•IrOUU. newly furnished. 35Taylor|st.
K9»> JONES — FURNITURE OF f ROOMS;
O—td 1 rented pays $12 a month. ■ -
-\ A-ROOM FURNISHED ROOMING-HOUSE;
±\J all full. Call 1637 Mission st.
KAA 22~BOOMS;' NEW CORNER HOUSE;
j «JPc>Ul/. all full: low rent. 712 Kearny st.
OnO FOURTH— NEW HOUSE: WELL LIGIIT-
OUOed; room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MARTINI. 317 Washington st.
I — — ■■— ' "^— ■ —^
'. ( Fl'KMTlltt; FOX SALK. "
F'~^7r^saleT~ vs ~ v ~~ %^~ : ~^ v "~~
Prices stand till coods are completely dis-
posed of. • ;j- ./--i
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges .• 8 00
Stoves 7 60
Carpets, peryard...' ........:. S5
Linoleum, per yard...". -.. 65
Matting, peryard.., ;... 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. ' Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. ■-. J.
NOOJfAN.
ROOMS FURNITURE, new......:. $75
j: Bedlounges trimmed with plush .......... $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid. .."...... .....4Ooup
Window shades In 5c010r5..............;...._250 up
6HIREK „ SHIREK, 747 Market st".." opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores.
Aftfl CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
JUU stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-lounges, $7. T. D. McCABTHY, 11_
Fourth sU . •. •
FUBNITUBE OP 4-ROOM FLAT CHEAP.
1039 Nineteenth st. -,
CAiti**;!" O__AM.VU. ' '
p REAT WES^E^N^TEAM^A^PET^BEAtI
VT ing works; latest improved maohinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE, 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
pARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; RE-
VJ laid, 5c per yard. S. STRATTON, IB Eighth. ■
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J ting, 38 Bth.« STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
VJ like new. FERGUSON <fc CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., snecessora.
J\ E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 240
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J - MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: t*l. south 228.
ATIONAL CARPET BEATTNO AND RENO-'
vatinu Works HAMPTON &BAILLY; laylni
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero; Tel. Mission _4_
WHEN- you BECOME DISGUSTED wrr«
poor work send to SPA ULDINO'S PloneerCaf*
pet Beating Works. 363-7 Tehama: teL So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATINO WORK-
" J Goldr-n Gate aye. : telephone east 126.
FOX .yAI-K-MISCKHA.NtOUS.
GROCERY AND : '_AR^FOR^'A^riNCM^
•VT ing building with lease. Apply on premises,
220 East st. ■ : . . •
A LMOST NEW "95 FOWLEB BICYCLE;
■tx. strongest and best wheel made. " Apply Cash,
box 100, Call Office. .
TTEKBARIUM CONTAINING 1200 DRIED
■Lx plants: classified German-Latin. names. 233
O'Farrell st. ■■• ' . ;•»".• I v
TMPBOVKD RELIABLE INCUBATOB: 200
A eggs; thoroughly tested: almost new. 1324 Pine.
"VTEW WALL TENT, 10x10. GOOD CONBl"
V tion, very cheap. 1205|Lagnna st. .
p OOD DOMESTIC SEWINO-MACHINE.WITH
VT all attachments, for sale reasonable at 818
Treatave..., >- .- - '. ~ ; -.- '.',: :■■-.■■-•■ ■ ' . .■
fljj9C NEW ELEGANT WHITE SEWING-
"tJP— O. machine; 5 drawers: latest style; attach-
ments complete; cause departure. 23101/* Taylor.
VICTORIA LADY S BICYCLE, GOOD AS
V new, must sell, $45. 10 to 12. 416 O'FarrelL
pOMPLETE, FIRST-CLASS BARBER FIX^
\J tures and business. Call at market, 576 Howard.
p BEAT DANE DOG FOR SALE; GOOD PEDI-
A~ gree.. - 908 Broadway, near corner Mason st.
UAXTITY NEW AND SECOND-HAND
safeties for sale cheap. .328 McAllister st.
USE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
bitters in market: buy your wines, llquors;-etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults; free delivery city, Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN & SCHURMANN,
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery: ' phone red 391.
uYEdINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
■D doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. .1166 Mission.
LACKS .■■ ITH - SHOP OUTFIT. FORGE"
steam pump, boilenfcenglne; 516 Mission
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat yon right. CALIFOR.
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth Bt. ; .ny
ONE i small"" MEDI UAt AND, LARGE 817?
, fire and bnrglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st
LURE AND BURGLAR v SAF_. - LETTER^
J press, platform scales and desk .cheap. 102 Clay
' N*£1 V K - I J r G S S « C^ EAPEU THANTSECONDT
11 hand. . \V. a RAY Mfg Co., 12 California at r
pO U KTKK -S, SHELVING, SHOWCASRsi
\J bought and sold 1121%Jlark« belVihaad^fcRor«E< TCI r.FT-.
STYLIS_T^S^^-T^OiTse7^3o2'2 CLAY—
i^ 9 rooms, hath, garden, etc. Call on BALD- ;
WIN d: HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery s:. j
C)C* MORRIS AYE.. OFF HARRISON. NEAR
_-U SJxth— Sunny 5-room house in good order;
yard; cellar; $13; water free: appreciated if seen.
OUSK 5 R0O_lS;-_ATH.. __U_ POST, Nii Aß
Broderick. ■
I 9 BOOMS; CHEAP^TO GOOD TEN-
Jl ant. 236 Fell st. . f^".:
"tSjO A HOUSE 9 ROOMS: FOR 108 2 FAM-
«£5_-U. ilies. 630 Webster si. -
69 _\ Ei.LI- ST.— HOUSE 6 SUNNY ROOMS;
U.— a bath; water free; go^d Location; rentcheap.
TO LET— '-'-STORY, BAY-WINDOW HOUSE,
in fine condition; rent low to grown family.
Key 326 Nineteenth st., bet. Mission and Valencia.
Qf\(* LEAVENWORTH, NEAR SUTTER— IO
Ov/U sunny rooms aud bath; one month's rent
free.
H" OUSE OF 0 ROOMS: BATH AND YARD;
rent $15. 147 Valencia st.
QOQI SUTTER-FOR 1 < ►CTOB OB DRESS-
O— O-z maker; appreciated il seen;. $45; water
free. .
C_l Q ELEVENTH AYE., COR R. R. AYE.;
%P-1-O. 10 rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, &34Vj,
alifornia st. . £-_•
B" ABY HAPPY; MA .^SATISFIED : PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN Jk
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
FUKNISHED HOUSES.
"VIEW FURNITURE AND PIANO OF 7-
-1.1 roomed cottage for sale, complete for house-
keeping; house to rent: In Western Addition. Ad-
dr«ss s., box 4;-!, this office. ■ -
ON ACCOUNT OF IMMEDIATE DEPARTURE
a completely furnished house will be rented
very reasonable: 9 rooms: bath. _317Sutttr st.
CO.TAGES TO LET.
T^OTTAGeT IVO^_I^TBXf_CGXsTiLrr9 VAL-
\J lejo st., nearLeavenworth; $15.
Ql I z.t\ SMALL COTTAGE, 3 TAY ST.,
-«-._>->. near cor. Clay and Powell.
pOTTAGE 5 ROOMS; BATH: LARGE BASE-
ment; yard; flowers. 2105 Webster si., near
Sacramento.
QQ FUl* yHEAP COTTAGE, 11 RUSSELL
O • I .O\J. St., near Corner of Hyde and Union.
BA-Y-WrNDOW COTTAGE; 4 BOOMS; HALL;
bath: yard. 1-7 Chattanooga i-t., near 23d.
ROOMS, BATH, GAS, CELLAR. 421 CEDAR
aye., oft Geary, nearLaguna.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; 6
large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near l>olores.
Q"l "I NEW COTTAGES; BAY-WINDOWS; 4
«3>± rooms. Point Looos aye. and Collins st.
Ql_L XTcl-. COTTAGE, 447 FIFTH ST.,
<Jp-L— . near Bryant: 4 rooms: good yar.l.
.FLATS 1O tJ&X.
"1 C «-] EDDY— NEW SUNNY CORNER FLAT;
-L tJtrX rooms; latest Improvements; basement.
1 fil h GKOV£ - su:s^' Y FLTFoi'ITROOMSI
C*l X ONLY— FIVE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH:
«JPJL«J fine basement and yard; 217 GOUingwood
si., near Nineteenth and Castro. BALDWIN «fc
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
\TE\V SUNNY FLAT- 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
-»-N was $20. now $13 50; Castro cable; see photo-
graph. HOVEY. 608 California st. ...
YEW, MODERN. SUNNY, UPPER, CORNER
i-i flat; rooms; bath; stable. 1232 Eighteenth.
9 ELEGANT NEW FLATS: 6 "AND 7
<-i rooms; all mod m; sun in every room; on elec-
tric line; the best location in the Mission. Twenty-
n'fth and Folsom. j • -
4 ROOMS: UPPER: NEW; FRONTING PARK
panhandle. 1822 Fell, near Lott.
"OEAUTIFUL CORNER FLAT, « ROOMS:
-D two finished roomsin &ttic: bath: all modern
Improvements; reasonable. 1596 Fulton, cor.
Lyon.
LAT, 9 ROOMS, BATH, SALT-WATER BATH
'included; all modern impiovements. 915 a Post
street; rent $45.
rooms PLEASANTLY SITUATED IN
rear of 416 Hyae st- Apply 418.
LEG ANT FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest improvements. 7131/2 Grove st.
9 FLATS: 4 AND 5 ROOMS; 812 AND 812V3
£1 Jessie nr. Ninth: $12 and $14: key at grocery.
»') 1 FOLSOM, cor. TWENTIETH— 4 BIG
Z-iv/U rooms; flat; £10.
qj_7 CAPP. NEAR TWENTY-FOURTH—
Ork I „ Modern 6-room flat; sun all day.
Ol (\ FELL— FLAT OF 6 ROOMS; BATH;
OIU latest improvements.
£♦90 rf\ ELEGANT SUNNY MODERN
— O.uXJ. flat opp. Jefferson square; 5 rooms,
bath. 925 Golden Gate aye. " ' '
Bi ■: AO fib' XJL FLAT — 6 LARGE SUNNY
-D rooms, bath and laundry. 1515 Mission st..
near Eleventh. .
Q>-\ 3 ROOMS. BAIH. 409 Va THIR
C ■»- -L • teenth St., above Valencia.
71 FILLMORE— SUNNY CORNER SIX
• 3 rooms and bath; cheap to good tenant.
•VTICE^UNNYFLAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH. 316
i-> De^ *ero st.,near Oak ; $28 50. "• . .- ' ? •
I I*>-"T fACRAMENTO, NEAR HYDE— '
II —'^ IF flat: 6 snnny rooms; bath; $20.
Qt-t t\ UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS. 109 GERMA-
tJIU. nia st. Apply grocery, Waller* Fillmore.
9 MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS: WARM
— bell of Mission. 32OShotwell St., nr. Eighteenth.
liLAT.-i TO LET, OPP. LUKLINE BATHS; 6
sunny rooms; bath: cellar. Larkin st.
EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2ELEGANT
flats: 5 and 6 rooms. 10 Grove st.
OUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH; FLAT, 4 SUNNY
rooms, bath, garden. 17U6 Post st.
V LAT, f 14, SIX ROOMS. SUNNY; 629 SEC-
-T ond St., nr. Townsend; cottage, 4 rros.,yrd.. $11..
A O HAVES, COR. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS
Utt-- of 3 and 6 snnny rooms, bath, etc.
Cj-I a LOVELY FLAT, 4 LARGE -ROOMS,
»J > -Li. bath, eas and yard; water free. 25i<2
■ Ford St., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe
and Sanchez.
OZY FLATS: SUNNY, NICE LOCATION;
\J 4 and 5 rooms: bath; Hanover pi., oS Sacra-
mento, below Mason. Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4.
CJ» -1 r ELEGANT FLAT 5 ROOMS,- BATH,
«3)JLc>. large yard; water free. 814 Nineteenth
st., bet. Noe and Sanchez. . . . ,
OST DESIRABLE FLAT OK 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern improvements:
1635 Butsnst.; rent $30. MADISON <t BURKE,
egents. -
T5 ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
X> contented; flat rented from BALDWIN &
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
UO USKKEJSPING KOOMS.
Brannan Street.
AtyO BRANNAN— UNFURNISHED ROOMS
trzj/J for housekeeping.
Broadway.
A(\O BROADWAY —NICELY FURNISHED
t:'-'O housekeeping . rooms; also single; well
cleaned. .
Bryant Avenue.
1 1 HI BKYANT— CORNER, 6 FURNISHED
-L J.UJ- rooms or 3 complete for housekeeping;
low rent.
Clementina Street.
A(*-\ CLEMENTINA-1 ROOM FOR HOUSE-
keepinu; unfurnished. .
- Eddy Place. '
-1 -I Q EDDY— 3 CONNECTING SUNNY FUR.
110 nished rooms for housekeeping; other
rooms: $5 up. • * .. ' - • .
91 Q EDDY— 2 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
ZJXO log: rent, $2 a week; in rear.
'. ~~ J lit ii Street.
099 FIFTH— 2 BOOMS FUBNISHED FOR
ijZiZi housekeeping; $9.
Tnni FIFTH— ROOM AND KITCH-
tr^.O2 en, furnished for housekeeping: first floor;
cheap. '
FolBom Street.
CIACt FOLSOM — FURNISHED AND UNUH-
ytrD iiished rooms for housekeeping; $7 and $8
per month. .
inn FOLSOM— SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
J.^-il dow room ; kitchen complete; $10 and $12.
I- ouri 11 Street.
OA FOURTH-SUNNY FURNISHEDFBONT
ij\J I rooms; housekeeping; rent $30.
' • Harrison Street. '
rrrn HA R R ISON -THREE FURNISHED
I OO rooms for housekeeping and other sunny
rooms. ■'->"'■' -. ■'■ ''■'' ■ ■' ■
~ Howard Street.
rrro HOWARD-NICE FURNISHED FRONT
OOP room for light housekeeping; $7. ■
I^arkln , Street.
AOO T.ARKIN - NICE V FURNISHED
ttZt/.sultes: single: running water; bath; gas.
■ Mr.\:ihier Street.
OAf\ McALLISTER-NICELY FURNISHED
OttU sunny rooms for housekeeping.
_ Minna Street. '.". :
1111 MINNA — NICELY FURNISHED
1 112 front housekeeping suite, first floor, $2 50
week: furnished housekeeping room, $1 75 ueek;
bay-window housekeeping room, $2 60 week, quiet.
Mission sjtreet.-
"Cf\ MISSION -ELEGANT FRONT ROOM
00l and kitchen furnished complete for house-
keeping. -
7Tr 1 MISSION — 2 FRONT SUNNY .ROOMS
JO L furnished ; housekeeping; private. '
C\(. 1 M ISSION - ; LARGE SUNNY SUITKS
•71)1 alsoKinglf, housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
1 OOA MISSION— FUBNIBHBD ROOM AND
J Oii\J housekeeping room, $b and $10 month. .
BOrSKKEEPIXG ROOMS — Contlnned.
J"'. . . . . Ninth Street. . . . :.
77 NINTH —3 • . CONNECTING FUR-
I • nished rooms for housekeeping. Hß3_§_
O'tarr«ll Street.
nQI O'FARRELL— TWO COMPLETELY FUR-
UOJ. nisbed rooms; housekeeping:, no children.
< Polk Street.
1 AA?\ POLK-UNFURNISHED. ROOMS TO
J- rt _l U let for lipht housekeeping. ; . ;
Scott Street. -
I-1 q SCOTT— I.AKGE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
J.J.O housekeeping; partly furnisned.
Shotwell Street.
O-I - SHOTWELL-2, 3 OR 4 FURNISHED
__i i 1-00 for housekeeping; gas; bath." ;
. hixtli Street.
.^'}Q SIXTH — 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
_)_»i/ rooms, with cellar, for man and wife, $0.
Tliiril Street.
QQ/1 THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
«JO_b keepinst rooms: water incliidi-d: rent StS.
KOOMS TO LEX.
Uryant Street.
pC/i'-A BRYANT-PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
U-Ltt nished rooms, cheap. ■:. .
Bush Street.
-1 tyCW BUSH ST.— FURNISHED ROOM FOR
I__\J _) couple or two gentlemen; board if desired.
Kddy Street.
1 "I Q EDDY-BEAUTIFUL GROUND FLOOR
JL-LO front suite cheap: other rooms $5 up.
<vj EDDY— 2 SINGLE ROOMS, $2 AND
i.lO $1 75 a week each; private house.
lightli street. : •
I (\l EIGHTH— NICE FURNISHED FRONT
JLv'tJ room for man and wife; or two gentlemen.
HERMAN APARTMENT HOU&E, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
ftIHE RAMOXA. 130 ELLIS ST.. SAN FRAN-
-1 Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HABT, manager— Just
opened; a'newly furnished, well appionted, quite
house: contalr.ins: 150 rooms," large and small,
sunny rooms, siugie or en suite; gas and elec-
tricity, hot and cold running' water in each
room; elevator and fire escapes; siiuate conven-
ient to the business, center of the city, principal
hotels and theaters; electric cars direct to ferry
and park pass the door.
7»)1 ELLIS— LARGE SUXXY ROOM WITH *
i __1 bath; gas; $7; private family.
.Fifth Street. ,
QO A 1 FIFTH— FRONT ROOMS $6 A MONTH;
O__t:3 single rooms $1 a week; new house.
oorr FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED ROOMS:
OjUiJ $5 to $8 a mouth. -
Fourth street.
'Of|l FOURT H - NICELY FURNISHED
i)Ol/2 sunny rooms; also housekeeping rooms;
reasonable.
Fulton Street.
11/ i FULTON— SMALL SINGLE ROOM FOR
JLJ-O lady or gentleman; $3 month.
tear>- Street.
•r-1 Q GEARY— ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE OF
c) J-O bedroom and parlor: also suites and single.
Tim EARY, COR. VAX NESS AYE.. THE
-LJ-UJ Martinet; first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly tilled; breakfast if desired.
C. olden Gate Avenue.
QQA GOLDEN GATE , AYE. — PLEASANT
OOU sunny room; private family: StV.; '-
Howard Street.
;r 9 1 HOWARD, BET. FIRST AXD SECOND—
•J—";i Beautiful sunny alcove room; man and
wife or 2 or more gentlemen. • '
£9Q HOWARD — NICE FRONT ROOM;
O__O other rooms. ; :
Q99 H OW A R D-S UK X V FURNISHED
t '__ rooms; . gas, bath and grate: cheap rent.
QOQI HOWARD, NEAR FIFTH — LARGE
if-iOs elegantly furnished front bay-window
room; grate, bath, etc; rent only $10 to permanent
parties.
1 9HQ I WARD— ELEGANT BAY-WIN-
JL__VJ»73 dow parlor; use of piano; 1 or 2 per-
sons; $10. •
tlyde Street.
n HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $7.
f'9l HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
U— l. sunny room; gas and bath.
Jackson Street.
IHI J5 JACKSON. XKAR MASON — FUR-
-LUJLO nished sunn« suite; single $5.
.ioii»-« Street.
9 A 7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
__VJ I manacement: • elegant sunny suites ■• and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; SlO to $MO.
ht-arny Street. ■
A BLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PXJBAS-
J\. ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first dau
111 every respect: terms reasonable. • -
Langton Street.
iF LANGTON— -SUNNY FRONT BOOM TO
_tc> let: private family. •
J»ark«" street. ..
■yOSEMTTE HOUSE,. 1045 MARKET. BET. :
JL Sixth and Seventh— Single - and snites; per
night. 35c to $1 : week. $1 60 to $5: families.
McAllister Street.
99£ a McAllister— furnished
--— <O rooms; private family; $8 and $10. '
. Minna Sitreet.
norj minna, cor. EIGHTH— NEWLY FTTR-
UUI nished bay-window rooms; fl week; tran-
sient.
Mint Avenue.
C) 4 MINT AYE.-FURNISHED SUNNY BAY-
£fX. window snlte, $12; also others, cheap.
i.»-i»iii street.
n't Q MISSION — MONTNOMERY HOUSE:
U-LO nicely lurnishetj front room, cheap.;
17 OQ MISSION— SMALL FURNISHED ROOM,
I UO $1 week; fine f ont room for 2, $9 month.
1 1 9^. MISSION— CHEAP FURNISHED AND
.1 1 _. O unfurnished rooms; housekeeping' and
others. . y •
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
1 £\9_t mission— LARGE light sunny
J-'J-jtc front parlors, nicely furnished, for m n
and wife, In private family, board and rooms $50
per month. ■ • ■ ;
Montgomery Street.
1 Q MONTGOMERY ST.. OPPOSITE LICK—
1O Finely furnished rooms, en suite and single;
from $6 up.
Ninth Street.
1 9£l NINTH — NICE LIGHT AIRY FUR-
J __U2 nished rooms; single or en suite.
O'lfarrell Street.
r;-| 9 O'FARRELL — SUNNY FITRNISHED
->1.-j room, with bath; $6 a month.
. Fine Street. .
m PINE— SINGLE AND DOUBLE ROOMS
for gentlemen from $5 to $7 per mo. ; crates.
Polk Street.
17 POLK — FRONT BAY'WINDOW ROOMS;
X I also single; from $4 to $12.
owe ll Street.
91 C POWELL — SUNNY, QUIET, FUR-
__J nisbea rooms: 8 and $10.
-ixth ' Street.
9 SIXTH — NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
front suite. '
Sutter Street.
707 S^TTEiI — *U NFURNISHED FRONT
I U I suit: 3 connecting rooms; office; gas; bath.
7T)7pf SUTTER— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
_L ,\J>) furnished or unfurnished; new flat.
Taylor Street.
Q' TAYLOR-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
O- cheap. MRS. O. ALLEN, proprietress. '
1 _Q TA YLOR-ELKGANT FRONT PARLOR;
-L—t/ newly furnished; reasonable.
91/ TAYLOR-LARGE ROOM; SUITABLE
£~x\J for 1 or _ gents: gas: rent _8.
Third Street. " %
TiriNCHESTER lIOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
..»» Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to 4fl 50 per night ; * 1 f>o 10 $6 per weelc; ;
electric lights in every room: reading r'm : tree bus.
OAK THIRD, KOSTER HOUSE— FURNISHED
_U«J rooms, single and suites; $8 aud 816 up. '
Turk Street.
1 (yn TURK— SUNNY ROOM SUIT-
J-^-vJ able for gentleman: $6 per month.
OfIOITUB X — BAY-WINDOW SUITE OF
_''—._; rooms or 3 adjoining for office; also others.
Miscellaneous.  ,
UPPER OB LOWER PAKT <OF ELEGANT
J residence; unfurnished; central; private. Box
11, Call Office. ■ « .-■■
TO LEASE. " ■ .■.■■■.•'■.'. '
TO LEASE— SUITABLE FOR MILK RANCH;
barn for 60 cows; house 4 rooms; bath. 1613
Market st." - .- " ■ ■■-.>■■■-■--
. BICICLES.
T> ARK "CYCLE R -Y-NE W^VHEELS^rb LEtT
' JL best accommodations. , Terininut Gm_7, Ms-
I ■ ▲Ulster and JPoweJl su car lines. r ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAKCH 9, 1896.
BOAKUIJiG AM) KOOHS.
1 4.1 'ft OCTATIA^L AROJS BUssfs FROTCT
- L^ r -*-^- alcove suit, with board; also single rooms.
Tl Ci TURK-REMODELED-NEWLY FURN-
--.JLVJisned suites and slngle;flrst-c]nss table board
ICKLY FURNISHED _ ROOMS; UN SUR-
•*■' passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 76c aud
|lperday;s2, $2 50, $3 per- week and up; $8 to
$30 per month. . Hackmeier's Hotel. • , * . r -
"UKST TABLE BOARD IX THE CITY; $450
OJ week, , $16 a month, •at Hackmeier's Hotel.
GEOItG- GRUENIG, Proprietor. -
TTACKMEIER'S HOTK 123-129 EDDY ST.;
-If new manasemeut: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prletor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OMETHI NG DESIRABLE FOR GENTLE-
V--> men at 1401 Van Ness aye. cor. Bush st.
TJOTKL BERTLLNG. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
J-i- hotel: references given and required; allmod-
ern conveniences. " 1
C_ILUK_M BOAKDKD.;
T ,^ n Y WANTS 1 OR CIIILDREN
board or iinaut to care for; good home;
mother's care.; 1205 _aguna st. :.:■. -. ;.
W ANTKD-2 CHILDREN FOR BOARDING:
»' f will receive mother's care. Apply 14 Chatta-
nooga st. ■■: ■---.•".:-•.■ -*-.:('
Y OUXG MARRIED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
-*- child to board; terms $8. 1709 Lexington
avenue. . "■..;. >■ , . . .7 .
LADY WISHES CHILDREN TO . BOARD
from 1 year np. Apply 324y_ Tenth st. ; ',:
OOD HOME FOR INFANT: TERMS MOD-
*J crate. 1014 Jackson, bet. Powell a:id Mason.
. STOKhS TO LET.
TO LET-STORE WITH 14 ROOMS: SUlT-
able for saloon and lodging-house; East st. Ap-
piy G. H. u mbs en & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
VTERY DKSIRABLK, ELEGANTLY FITTED
» store,' loB Grant avenue; suitable for German
bakfr. or mercantile business. Apply to BALD-
WIN <fc 'HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
ij>l (\ STORE AND LIVING-ROOMS. 1688
tuJ-LV. Mission st..
STORE; AT INGLESIDE RACETRACK, AT
first gate; rent $15. Inquire within.
-41 (\ FOURTHITsMALirsTbRE, WITH ROOM
in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN «fc CO., 14 Montgomery st. ' '
OFFICES TO LET.
ELEGANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
man will be vacated -on March 1, at, _50 Mar-
I ket st., ror. Stockton: first floor.
I ■".-. .'-v^- ■" ■.;■■ mleuical. ;. ■
A, NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day: If
you want to be treated 'safe and sure call on the
well-known DR. POPPER, who has practiced here
for the last 37 years, always with satisfaction, as
experience makes the master; private home in
confinement; call and see me before going else-
where. DR. POPPER and MRS. . DR. SCOTT.
Can be sent and used at home; all cases guaran-
teed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
rrussuE TABLETS INCREASE ■;. YOUR
-l-weifrht 3 to 5 pounds a month: cures indiges-
tion and constipation: $1 a box. DR. CARPEN-
TKR. 1170 Market st., San Francisco. : -
DKS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
disc _3es of women and restores all cases of ir-
resrularkty in one day; cure or no charge; separate
home tor patients; best skill: medical attend-
nce; low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si.
\ HOME, A FRIENtJaNITmoTHER'SCARE.
XA. MRS. DR. FUN K/S, 1416 Kightl: st.,Alamcda.
I\R. J. H. JOSSELYX, THE GREAT SPE-
U clalist, still offers his valuable services to the
unfortunate. ', With a mind matured and enriched
by studies of au advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the | catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure.' His knowledge has been
strengthened by extensive experience. - Ladies, no
case peculiar to your delicate organism is beyond
his sure control. His female monthly remedies
sure and safe In their effects. His tried and valu-
able remedies for lost mauhood are never failing in
their action and warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others in the cureof private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant a
cure in all cases. Cousultation parlors. 1320 Mar-
ket St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hali. Direct all let-
ters to box 2275. .. . l . ,' , ',«.?
T ADIES. CONSULT FKEE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
-LJ 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for cage I fail to cure; diseases of the eye treated
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
-.V from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: lntest improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately: : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis-
pensary, 14 McAllister St., next Illbernla Bank;
consult free. DR. _• MRS. DAVIS' .French regu-
lating pills, $2 50.
"I ADIES-CHICHESTKR'S ENGLISH " PEN-
J-J nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe," reliable; take no other;: scud 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Relief lor Ladies," in letter hy return
mail; at drugeists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa. : .
ALL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; homoia con-
Un'rat ■:: French pills ciiaranteed: consult free.
-IRS. DX. WEYTH, 916 Post s!., near Larkln..
DR. CAUGHREAN. Sl^EClALJri'l— ASJ'HMA,
gravel, male and female diseases successfully
treated: poor treated free Fridays. 1118 Market st.
A • HOME, A FRIEND ANDMOTHER'S CARE;
■£*- housekeeping.. apartments: - strictly ~ private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
~\ LPEAU'S FRENCH pills- a BOON, to
__. ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 expre.s C. O. 1).; don't delay
until too late. ; OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
1 R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
-L^Jonps. Diseases of women and children. ' • •
"I ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
-L- ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fail:
$l.per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st-
formerly cor. Market and Third sts'.. sole aeents.
~\ SURE ~CURE FOU ALL" FEMALE DIS^
■^V- t-asos, from whatever cause; a horne '. in con-
finement with every comfort; eatisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GW YER. 226 Turk st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
■•»' confinement; Irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASG
«e_ Mrs. Dr. Puetr. and he content. -54 V 9 4tli.
DENTISTS. „
O^-ST^XvlSßTrPvicßT^mvT^ST^P^K^
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rra. 1.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
five years. DR. V ( CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. '
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of rjalnless extraction
and patentee of improved, bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to -0 O'F&rrell st.
AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALaH, D.D.S., 815% Ge&ry.
B, H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9." M
DR. L. T.CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, brid^-; work and teeth without
plates a specialty. ■ 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
BOOMS DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 ; MAH-
VJ keu bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; 1 only reii-
agent for painless extraction: 'artificial teeth
rrm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 60c. with gasfl.
»7A SET FOR TEETH : WARRANTED AS
O ' good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMd,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
■"I r7 LUDLUM ,HlL_h 1443  MARKET.. ST.,
XJ near Eleventh : no cnargb for extracting when
plates are made;* old plates made over like new;
leeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. :
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
AJkctst. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. • , .
DRTj. J. LEEkri2O6"MARKETTcOR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
Llj WORK/ REASONABLE -AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J W. KEY, 1122 Market st. ; • ::
X \VE_K : H NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
xV. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. - ■■ . r
TRUSTEES'; SAXES. ~™
fpm?srTi^s^ATE^i3rA^c^DAl?cE^wrTli
X the term? and under the authority of a certain
Deed of Trust, duly executed Iby S. 8. PaTT
SO.V, party of the lirst part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KENT. Trustees,
parties of : the second part; and ' the " SAN ' FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS I'NION. party of the third
part, dated . March 25th, 1890, and recorded in the
oflice of the County Recorder, of the County of
Fresno, State of. California, in Liber 107 of Deeds,
at pages 414 and following: and In pursuance of
a resolution passed on the 27th : day of February,
1896, by the Board :of Directors of said AN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
acd the holder of ' the note (No.' 99-2), to secure
payment cf which the aforesaid Deed of : Trust
was ; executed,- declaring that : default - had been
made in the paymeut ; of the principal sum and
oth. r ■ sums, due ; under '• said ; note ■ and Deed of
Trust, and requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL ■ and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real '''estate, described therein
to satisfy said Indebtedness. '-• : . ■ ■ ■
- We, HEXRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees/do hereDy givo notice that on
TUESDAY, the 31st day of March, A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of '■ that ; day, and at the . auction
salesroom of \ EASTON. ELDRIDGE <!fc CO., No.
638 Market street, in the City and | County of San
Francisco, State of California," we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest ' bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the. United States, all the pieces or parcels
of land situate In the county of Madera (formcrry
part of the County of • Fresno) ,' State of alifornia,
described as follows,' to wit: :■•■• "" '.' •••-•- ■ • •-, ■-. ■ .
i • -According ■to the ollicia'. plats and - system of
surveys of, the Government of .the United States:
- In Township twelve (12) fsoutb, range eighteen
(18) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian : - .:■ "*
Of sect. on eight (8) the west; half of the south-
west quarter W. y 2 o! SW. */_)•; ; -;. iC
Of section seventeen (17) the northwest quarter
(SW. 14). ■'-••" •
•': Containing in all two ' hundred and forty (240)
acres of land, more or . loss, together with . the ap-
purtenances. ,■ ;--' -'• -.1 \. : ~: ;•- ■•.'■"..■'•'-.= ..■:.•:>•••••?
. TERMS OF SALE— in gold coin of the
United States: "ten per cent payable to the under-,
signed on the fall of the hammer, balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want '
Of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.?; ■ ' > ;
II KN RY. C. CAM PBELL, \ Tr ..,, 0p .
THADDEL'S B. KENT, / lru 3lees -.
' PEKSONAT.S. (
av^^o_Tette^s^h^wing.w
entitled <to money "in • Eugiand • and wane
I money? 214 Post st. : : : ■'.-.':' -f--v--':.-.>v,:.»
GE N TLKMAN OK 30 WISHES LADY PA RT-
VJT n r in business:' object matrimonial. J. G.;
b.>x _31, call Office^ - -
CORNS, BUNIONS, ETC., CURED WITH THE
knif'-, 25c and 60c; without the Knife,; free;
half mies: topoor : people cold or rainy days. • DR.
HALPKUXEB, 850 Market 6t. : .;y ;- -■.■.
A LL PEOPLE SICK OR IN TROUBLE CON-
A. suit MRS. C. P. FORD, metaphysician. Office,
25 Murphy building. -■ , -'
A DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A . PE-
A. clalty; private: no charire unless successful; all
law suits, claims," collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
OME TO MY HAIR-DRESSING PARLORS
' once and you will come again.the, prices are
so moderate and the work so thorough; 25c for
hair-dressing, includes waving aud enameling the
face. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. >.>v _-.■>.
IAAA.OABBB. $1 60: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
■lUUU'tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
TJ EALTHY BABY FOR ADOPTION.' MRS.
J-L DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda. .
AN FKANCISCO, MARCH 5, 1896— WIFE
Margarita having left my. bed and board with-
out provocation. 1 hereby caution the public I will
not be responsible for debts contracted by her
from this date. ERMINIO PONTE. ; , .. ;.■
,- B. L. CASCADE TREATMENT WOXDER-
. ful; triumph over disease without medicine;
removes cause. R. JACKS, agent, 214 Brannan.
UPERFLUOUS , HAIR PERMANENTLY BE-
i5 moved from face or limbs without Injury oy
MME. WAMBOLD; consult free. 116y Fulton.
I* NFORMATION WANTED OF THE WHERE-
abouts of JOHN WM. EUDEY, miner, a native
of England. Address New Wisconsin Hotel, cor.
Pacific and Montgomery sts.. S. F. ■ ...^
1G OUTDOOR STEREOPIICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad- |
advertisements in living li^ht; promoters of , busi- j
ness. ■ Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market. - : 1
-T, ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
J.J superfluous hair removed: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H.HUBBARD, 923 Market St. ;
1/OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
JC HTRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Markeu ."■-■; ' ,
ANTS v '(DRUMMERS' SAMPLES) FOR
I sale; anybody fitted. 518 Market st. .- . ■ j
■pARI'INGTOX-S SCHOOL "OF MAGAZINE
I- and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
WHEN YOU GET YOUR HAIR DRESSED
at my establishment you don't pay extra for
waving, nor for enameling the face; 25 cents is our
price for making you look beautiful. G. LEDER-
ER, 111 Stockton st. ..: .- .; •■■■;■' __^___
p RAHAM'S DETKCTIVE AGENCY, 632
VJT. Market St., r. 8. ; quick work terms reasonable.
RS. STEWART.MANICURE axiTchirop-
s odist; 50c and and $1. 120y 2 Geary st., r. 10.
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY GRIND-
ing new edge on razor, 25c; razor concave-,
50c; razor honing and setting, 25c; first-class
, work. ; Razor Exchange; 630 Market 8t ; .
EMOVAL— MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
lv O'Farrell. Telephone, Buah 21. .
ffij 1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<jp I. floor. " 206 Leaven worth st. . -.-> .> ;■ ■,-.;
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for' paper-hanging and paimiu?. Co-operative
PaDer-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister st. ;
~\ DDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
J\. become rich— lnvest your money In Stockton
(the future Chicago) : I . will sell you property for (
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., S. F. :
IJOURQUIN'S CAL' A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
'.XJ instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutlers-
E" LKCTBIO lights in B VBBT BOOM— WUT.
__ Chester Housp, 44 Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to ftfpor
week: free bus to and from the ferry. . ■■
I liibKAl* ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
J J elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st. , .v ■■■'< -■■-.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AC
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Kansome St.. npwtalr3.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIKaF
clothing boiich:. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
I)Ui.SSMAKKK\
MISS E. GIBSON, DESIGNER AND COS-
tumer, just arrived from London, Eng.: latest
styles and perfect fit guaranteed. 1622 / j> Bushst.
UITS, 82 AND UP; WRAPPERS, 3SC AND
up. 505 Natoma St., b--t. Sixth and Seventh.
IpIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISH E S
J? more engagements by day; perfect fit guaran-
teed. D., box 7b, <'all Oflice, Oaklaiid.
EMOVED— BRADLEY, TO 410 TAYLOR st.
Eiogant stylish suits Sf» up; dresses mivleovcr.
" ;- ' PIANOS. IULLMS. £TC.
T OOK AT THE R AT¥LETRXPS^"AN_r^6^
XJ culled bargains in cheap new and second-band
pianos at other places, then come to us ami you
will appreciate our genuine offers. A used Hard-
man (this piano took the first award at the Colum-
bian Exposition) fine order,: wil} be sold at once at
a nominal price: a line new Chas? Bros., damaged
In shipping, will be sold this week on '■ installments ;
at much less than it. valuu;? 100 pianos in sto<k
and M'liing at prices and terms which. cannot, be
equaled. The J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood
buiiilim;, and .Market sts. ;.,"■ •■''■,.
dlji'/^/i SI'EINWAY OFFERED FOR $200
tJpUUvJ by lady oblised to part with it: Imme-
diate sale necessary. Room 10 Flood building. .
\\r TDOW -FORCED TO REMOVE TO NEW
' » YorK offers i c.v Wheelock upright;at the
price Oi transportation. | Room- 21, 809 Market st.
"^qTTp :' FINE CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
f^OVt. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
pHANCE. OF A LIFETIME TO BBT^AM
\J or/an : we have 50 that must be closed out •in
the next 30 days; cash or installments; prices
from $25upward. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, 16
to 20 u'Farrell st. , \
(TVl AN i : 18T-CLASS MAKE:COST $375;
<yOu. on $3 installments. 221 Leavenwoth st.
PEN /FOR BUSIITE«a. ■'. ■■ •; "
i'lie finest line of new pianos for rent and sale
In San Francisco. ; J.HARRY SCOTT,
. . - - 929 Market St., Spreckols building. \
\RE YOU- DIiSIROUS Of OBTAINING A
_r_. good piano at a low prlco | and upon very easy
terms? -'l'hen Investigate our new rent-contract
plan.; SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway repre-
6en:atlves for- the ■ i'acitlc Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and sutter sis. • . - h-.. .-/
UfJI. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL, ROOM 1,
.'•first floor: sole ageuts HalleUt Davis Dianos;
pianos, organs gold for cash or Installments.
OA AAA SHEET MUSKJ i CT. COPY. STAT-
__U.UUU HAM'S Piano Store, 106 -Me Allister st.
IDOW' FORCED TO KEMOVE -TO NEVV
York offers new Wheelock upright at the price
of her transportation. Room 21, 809 Market st.
IpiNE STEINWAY OFFERED FOR SALE
'by. private, party: immediate sale necessary.
Room 10, Flood building.
S"" TEINWAY; $165; WEBE-t. $260; SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post. ,
CIOME IN AND * HEAR THE LATEST
\J novelty— the Ossian attachment piano, man-
dolin, ei.itnr, harp and banjo, nil in one: very sim-
pie; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it;
beautiful effect. _."• T. BOWERS & SON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth Bt., nr. cor.' Market. -;'*"
A GOOD SCsOARE, *10: A FINE SQUARE,S9O;
J\ a uprigh-,*125. Call soon. -
r MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market st.
SHA\\ 7f425T 2 STEINWAYS, $216, $195;
Sommer, $237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. ; HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
AINES BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush <fe Geru 1 piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 824 Post st.
PONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. >■■ The F. ; W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post Bt. ■.•■-'-■■.. '.--'■■ ---."■
pHICKERING, KN ABF., STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
lorrent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell.
'fl_"| 7C- CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
tjp Xl O. upright; perfect order." 1019 Van Nesv
T^ECKER BBOS.,"STEINWA Y.FIBCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes. of pianos; . little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. . KUIILKK _
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS;:LOW PRICES. KOHLER «fc
CHASE. .:■■.-.■-"■ ■'-■•■' - ■■ -'■■':■'.-.'.-".■'••. ;
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby <fe Evans, Brigg3 and other pianos. '
UI'ERTOR VIOLINS, ZITHERH. OLD&NEW
>J H. ML' LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlace.
Lyi KIN WAY', $215; WEB_R,,s26s;' SOMER,
0 $237; Wily, $125; ; squares, $35 , and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st. ■ ■::- 1 .;-;.- . .':
,\ RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
_rV- grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and ■ tera_ moderate. . li. LUEDKUS, 8_
Ninth •-;■-.-•' -■..■.■:■■■.'.-'. ".-"'■'■' -. ■'■;'<■:','.:'..' -■"-
: pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THBJ
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to tny address in the
United States or Canada one year for 91 50,' post-
age free. ■ --'*' - '.. ___._:. ' " ' ■'■- -■■ "■•■ - '- ■- '--
V ■"•-. v■■ : ::■■ ■ HOUSES; .. -/."-^ : '." \
J"7oR^?ALE^ G7^cT^T^ol*G^B7jTrNnE^S
1 buggy, harness and good gentle . horse: reason-
able. "*. Call ' for 3 days, bet. 10 and 11, ? CalHcrrnia
Horse Repository, 610 Van Ness avc.' : "^ .-'■ ■ _•:-> -
ALE OR 'i EXCHANGE— YOUNG. GENTLE
k5 mare, with good business buggy; harness. 7 42
McAllister st. ■■■■■..• -Vt-i- -"'■"-■■'■' ■ - ■-■ .. ■.-.:-■. --r --■ ■:■"■
PONTENTS ', OF TATTERSALL STABLE,
\J cor.' Geary and 1 Leaven worth- sts., sold at auc-
tion Tuesday, March 10, at 11 o'clock. i: , /.• . T
HOJLBJBS -PASTURED; SEND • FOR ClßCU-
lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st. ;:£
■ 1 ST-CL ASS PASTURAGE: PLE T V W ATE R
land feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 .Market sU
SUNSET HORSE MARKET, 2_o VALENCIA—
Horses. mules, wagonn, buggies and harness. :
I m SKTS KBWA.N D SECOND-HAND HAK-
XO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission su', m. ■ ;, .
K. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
weon for S. F. Police Department \ Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye. : telephone south 401.
?A HORSES ' FOR , BALE : *; ALSO '.W AUON -4
rt\J butgies, carts, harness: Grand "Arcad* Hon. :
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Weenos- '
_ay.? SULLIVAN <fc DO YLE, Auctioneers.
1 BETS BECOND-HAND^HAKNESS; AL_
IUU . kinds : B second-hand | wagons, buggy, cart* ;
I also _0 cheap horses. ' Fifteen;- and Valencia su.
- - -y. :-;':^?3^^ A^ j^^ T A^ E . :' ■---'-'- -'
GL. BRESSE CO., »* •■■' v :.* :' - ;-'. '
-REAL ESTATE AGENTS. -
. HOUSE AND INSURANCE BROKERS, •
412 PINE ST.,
NEVADA BLOCK BUILDING.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5456.
7 Call at our office and; get a list of properties for
sale and houses to let. ■. . ;'.". ..." "'-".--•■■ ■.',.•*".••. ■■;-••-.'
A RCTIC OIL WORKS EMPLOYES LOOK OUT
■tX. for the sale of Potrero lots at auction Tuesday,
March 10. CENTER & SPADER, SO Montgomery.
<JJI l *->^A new COTTAGE WITH Bath ,
«3pA«JtJU. for large family ; oasy terms it" re-
quired; 3 car Hues; 14 minutes from City Hall*,
also 2 choice lots, 25x120, near J 'or X street aud
47th aye., 1 890 1 each ;* don't purchase houses, cot-
tagse, lots or blocks until you find out how cheap
I can sell. ■ J. T. HARRIS, 632 Market sU ■
T/OR SALE— OR TWO LOTS ON FALCON
-T and Twenty-second st. at your own price. Call
at 865 Mission st. .-, . . ,/ / v ■ -■
Q 1 A|iA WTLL SECURE A NEW, BA Y-WIN-
<Jp JLUUU dow, cottage; modern. iinDrovemeuts;
basement; lot 25x100; Broderick St.; near Ilaight.
Apply 1330 Mission st. ...■.,■■ ;.
AHEAP FOR CASH; HOUSE 6 ROOMS: 4
\J lots. Cor. Crescent and Bank sts. (Holly Park).
A AXSO; FINK PROPERTY; ~3 ~ STORES; 8
tLU flats; rents $100. Apply 325 Fifth st. . .„
ARGAIN— HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 5
rooms and bath. -. Apply 929 Twenty-third st.
VTICE 5- ROOM, BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
-L\ and bath; ; brick foundation; . high basement:
all modern; will sell with or without furniture;
cheap; easy payments. 1011 Cappst.:- ■■
ODERN 2-STORY- LLTnGT 1 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
an -1 cottages built at equally reasotiable rates. Call
and see plans. JAS. McCONAHEY,' 1149 Mis-
sion ' . . ...'■■'-. -■".
Oil f\l\(\ "VINE .CORNER; H)4x100; ON
(JP J_UUU; Cal. and Nev. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
ilown, $15 monthly. ; ' • . *;-.:;
• $350-1 acre hill land: $8 monthly.
Business lot: 50x100: $10 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILE V, 46 Market st.
<fi! 1 Rf\f\ ■ FOR COTTAGE 4 ■ ROOMS
iIrIUUU. and bath. 11 Florence St., off Vallejo,
beu Jones and Taylor. ; •:-, /"■;■* ttr-f.'-; -.«:•■: ii -
TV" OR SALE ••;■ OR EXCHANGE . FOR SAN
S- Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
In Oakland. No reasonable oft'er refused. Apply
28y Xoest.. city. . ■• --■,.., :
COINTBV IiKAL ESTATi,. i
d k." alsip & co! ' ~~~.
REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
SACF.AMENTO AND SAN FRANCISCO.
$lA(\Clf\ VERY little CASH REQUIRED
tlT'ivfUL'. as first payment; 21} acres near Mer-
ced, with 7. acres in fruit, 7 acres in -vineyard and
the balance alfalfa laud; all under irrigation ; good
8- room honse, barn, chicken-house, etc.; linn well
of water; good location. :. ,'. ' . . " i
<s£7nnfi >36 ACRES: ONr-Y r> minutes
<Jp I UUU. walk from Madrone station, Sonoma
.County:' ls acres in bearing orchard, 15 acres in
grain: fine house of 9 rooms; large burn, outbuild-
ings, etc.; good well and mountain spring water:
some ; personal properly included: adjoining the
above is 147 acres of fine loam soil; 16 acres
cleared and planted to grain, : the balance heavily
timbered; : all fenced; - numerous springs; price
$4500. - -' :
CUT Qf\f\ 22 ACRES, 4 MILES FROM NAPA
tiPIOUU. City; 2 acres fn full boiriiiK and 18
acres In young orchard: some scattering oak tim-
ber; living stream of water on one side; spring
water piped to the bouse, which has 4 rooms; fair-
sized barn; easy terms of payment. -.. :
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., .
:.. 9 Rotunda, Mills building, -
'; ;-_ ■VT'ji ... : San Francisco. .
RANGE LANDS. :
RANGE LANDS.
■•-••-■- BARGAIN PRICES.
. . BARGAIN PRICES
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
| A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a good investment: it will cost
yon unimproved. $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five annual
payments; no interest the trees '.Dlamed on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. , -" ! ' '-. : . .' - . '■>■
We have an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will care lor non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
-For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■•638 Market st., San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWIISG.our representative, Oakdale,
Cal. '; -.•-•-■•■-:■ ■,■■■ •-.-.■::
ES A B LISH .:..16 "YEAR .
Hi N. D. SICKELS
•; ". . , • ■."'.. "• THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
litti'.s: and .
Best systematized | LAND OFFICE in "America. -
-620 Marset St., opp. Palace : Hotel, San Francisco.
"DEAUTIFUL AN D HIGHLY' IMPROVED
X) home In Santti Ana Valley, Orance County, be-
tween range and Santa Ai:a, '2V miles: 40 acres;
first-class land; 32 acres *in soK-sheli walnuts: 8
acres alfalfa: family orchard, boost) and buildings,
plot flowers, etc; artesian well, ample to irrigate
the wbol' ; good house and dwellings; the prop-
erty said to be worth $10,000. but misfortune in
the | family calls them to the city; will sell or ex-
change for a good home in this city or Oakland lor
$8000. ALBERT E. CRANE, 410 Montgomery.
\\ r ANTED— A . RELIABLE, WELL-RECuM-
»» mended farmer-tenant for a 200 acres, good
level ranch at Woodside, San Mateo County; takfe
ch&rge at once; crop this season volunteer hay and
summer fallow Va the ranch ;place suited fordairy:
has new 7-roomed house: close to school. Apply to
L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay St., S. F. Terms liberal.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
J-i proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pits on X and 10 years' credit: 3 partly im pro yea,
with small ■ house, ■: etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma.
City. Inquire 632 Market st.. S. F., -, . ,- , ,
M" ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 28 MILES \
from San Francisco. . •
Rancho de Novato. . ■
Tracts cut any size desired: fruit,' grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; teruia made
tOEUic; send for circular. . •■ . .:
Improved dairy farms for f>ale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVES I'MENT : COMPANY, 64
and £5 Chronicle building. .■' ■ . -■:■:'-■■:
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
forgaie. WOOSTF.R & WHITTON. s»n Jog*.
bMSt£\. TO I.OAA.
lOANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS j
XJ Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine sts.
ORKOW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WTTH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paint i
low i interest; perfect secrecy: private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWKLRY ..: AND
other valuables at tho Security Loan OfHc&,
1106M»rketat..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 TurH.
DIRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITUR ;
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri- '
vate oflice rm. 68, Douohoe. bulid'g, 1170Marketsc
OANS ON REAL . ESTATE: IST -OB 2ND
J mortgages, ; furniture or < pianos without . re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameiia, any
amount: lowest rates. BECh'EK, 328 Montgomery.
1 ST «fc 2D MORTGAGES; .INTERESTS IN ES-
lutes;lowest rates:no deIay.MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
U&PIAn AAH <JN REAL ESTATE; LOWEST
jst)i)UU,UUUrate3. A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
1 ST&2D MORTGAGES, ALSO ON FURNITURE
J.& pianos; no removal. 325 Montgomery St.; r. 25.
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE or col.
laterals; low rate. -J. K. DAMON, 303 Montg.
ffI»OAA AAA MODERATE : RATES OF IN-
terest, Rm 214, 328 Montgmy.
IF YOU WANT TO LOAN YOUR MONEY; AT
8 to 12 per cent interest on good security call
at 410 Kearuy St., room 6.
"a DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY.ETO i
Columbia Loan <fc Collateral Oflice, 9 Grant aye. j
'- ANY AMOUNT: ist, 2D 3D MORTGAGES:
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-S. -
' '." " P AWN BKOIi ISKS. /
T 126 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates :prl-''
vate rooms: elevator: ' pledges for sal j cheap. ■•. fi-
■y ■ ■;•'■■•. J FJLNAJSCIAL.
ffiT n?wT?vrr T 6 ~loan~6 >t"Hife~~insu ii-
«mIUU."UU ance policies: Cripple Creek and
Utah mining stocks bought. V TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
OAN-S7OOO WANTED AT 7y 3 PER CENT
on city realty. E. L., bjox 58, Call Office. ~y -
T OANS ON IST AND 2D MORTGAGES AND
XJ life Insurance policies : ? low rate of Interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery s:. ■ * -*■"•--.-.
. '". . : ;;■ thone* wasted. .: .
W^Tn^eT^t^selTl^a^f?rl*t^mortgXge
of $1000, bearing interest at 10 per cent, on a .
line ranch in Napa County; also want *300 on
house and ' lot lin East Oakland, and "a few others
from $100 to $10,000 at 8 and 10 per cent on quar-
; ter value: no expense to lender. Apply lor • write
to A. l.i. WILLEY, Golden Gate, Alamedaco.. Cal.
■'-•'- TO EXCHANGE. ■;-.:-■■ ;v : ,
(TSIOREtTANDfrROOM FLAT TO EXCHANGE
— for vacant lot or improved pro i erty ; will assume
mortgage or pay cash difference. Apply to H. C.
DECKER. 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth. ./"
ANTED— EXCHANgTs ■>. VALUABLE .
real estate for well-established weekly paper.
Address G. 8., box 134, Call Office. ■ t .-- , ;■- ; : "
1 »>QA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
ZoUwater: tine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6,CaU
LOA^^i^OClA^rXOJ<j
rMJNTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN
'\J socintion— Home oflice, 222 . Hansome su, S if,
General savings & loan business. Ed E. Hill, Prt* ■
OUver £ldridge : V.Pr. ; W ■ Corbin. Sec.ife Oen.M*a
bJCWIiSO MACHINES.
- A 10lK INDS BOUGHT^BOLIS7EXCHANGED,
2x rented, repaired ;|lowest rules. 205 Jt'ourth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
v OAK-AND . REAL ESTATE.
tFxchang k list— house, barn AND 10
-Ci ncres fruit and choice vines, near Breutwood,
$3000, clear; 2 lots in Stockton, near elec.ricroad,
$1000, clear; block of 12 lot 3 In growing town of
Acton," $1000, clear; ' modern cottage of 6 rooms
stable, BSsOo;mortgage, $1250; modern 7-
1-oom house. FaclHc avenue, Sanra Cniz. for clear
ranch, »7000, bank loan $3000: ; 160 acres. Howell
County, M 0. ,. if 1600. clear: ' bargains in 1 lots and
houses for sale. BEXHAM & THOMAS, ' 465
Ninth st., Oakland. - ••; ■ _______!
tffcOOXTY I'INE 2-STORY MODERN HOUSE ;
♦Ir*->--«-'V*. 7 room and bath; must be sold ;
large lot: 10 minutes' walk of ■■ City . Hall. A. H.
ERKEI) <fc CO.'. 460 Ninth St., Oakland. >".-■. -;.-.:
HOUSE. AM) LOT, 116x145; GOOD LOCA-
tion;only 91000; terms to suit. LODGE &
POWELL, Frultvalle station.
1ODK! $10(1 ! LOTS ON - INSTALLMENTS :
1 no Interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. IMNXKV. 90--' Broadway. Oakland. • ' -■
oakland HOUSES to iiet.
1 oweb f^at^s^nny^oojisTmodern:
$16; near local train. Apply 855 Harrison st.
"ffljOX 2 LOVELY - FLATS COMPLETELY
«3n_*J. furnished; 'centrally locnted; rent $26.
For particulars see MARSHALL, the house-renter,
11 18 I.roadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA REAL KSTATK.
' ~"
■LIOR SALE.
; ~ $2200— 550 cash ; $22 50 monthly; 5 rooms and
bath : new colonial cottage.
$2800— No cash: $k.'s monthly; 35x100; corner
house; 6 rooms and bat 1. ,-gS£gist?t&BH*y&&mt
" $3000— 550 cash: «30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
ropms and bath: handsome new cottage.
$3500-$2OO cash: i?3O monthly; 33x150; 6
rooms and bath ; elegant cottage on principal
driveway. ..."
$S5OO-$lOO cash: $35 monthly: 33x100; 7
rooms and bath ; handsome colonial cottage.
HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections perlect.
. TO LET.
Elegant, sunny and perfectly ', new stores, with
rooms in rear and flats above if desired; rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets. .-,■•><- • ' ■ :.-•;
CPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. Bay-st btation, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market st., S. F. , ..
IriOH SALE— >■ ■ •': ""
-F House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.; house 4
rooms. .tirand st. co:tage.6.rooms, Everett St.;
on loner time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
":'•'.: > ' 638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal. :
mj-i f\(\ TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
- »JJ) 1 \J\J 5 and ti room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc ;" with large
lot; $2400 to $3000; : send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park st., Alameda.
T^OR SALt —$4250; HOUSE; 9 KOOMS: MOD-
-T ern: gas, bath, etc.: lot 60x140: Central aye.
E.D. JUDD, 1424 Pi.rk St., Alameda.
QOIC-$350 FOR - LOTS : HALF A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda, on installments: fine
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
'flt*>A7w f~L~ARUE 5-room cottage., on
«jp_UUl/. Alameda aye.; cheaiest piece of
property in Alameda; to be sold in 30 days. E. D.
JUDD, 1424 Park st.
I'OQAftAS ELEGANT'NEW COTTAGE;
tJp^OUU. 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x203; $150
cash, $20 per month— No. 732.
$1750— Cottage: 5 rooms and bath; $20 per
month : a snap— No. 736. -..-■^gSE
$2000— New cottage: 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127; $150 cash. $20 per month— No. 739. -
$1500— Worth £2700; to close an estate; corner;
94x115; ' street work, sewer, etc., complete; ' will
make 8 building lots.
$3000— New modern cottage: near station; no
cash down; $30 per month— 698.
$950—11/2 acres land on Bakers aye.: worth
$1700; one-half cash. . •"-,
Choice lots for sale, houses to let in all parts of
Alameda. H. I. AIOREAL & C 0. ,1432 Park st.
iSEKKELEY I(_A_ ESTATE.
JOSEPH J. . MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
*} Insurance, removed to Berkeley station. "'.
. STOKAGJS ■
m H. BOONEY, 722 mTsSION— STORAGE AT
. J- .reduced rates: basement storage,sl 60 per load
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN & CO., 761 and 753 Market Bt.
APPLY RATES FOR STORING FUKNI-
JTII ture, etc. SHIREK SHIREK, 747 Market."
A MEIUCAN FURNITURE CO., 1127 MAR
-TL ket: storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32.
QTORAOEOFFURNITURE, PI ANOS, HOUSE-
| O bold goods, etc. ;J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
ILSON • BROTHERS. I7ib MARKET—
Sloragg; low rates: telephone South 76-. "
ATTORNEYS- AT-I.AW. ;
M"^^^r^oTENT^ATroliNE^A^fT_rw^^
. Market st. : advice free. :
DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
alty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
J. MURRAY, ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR AT
. law: advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.43O
ft • California gt.. rmg. 14-15: advlca free.
LATICSI SHIIH'ING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived. : . ■"
.' "->;•. SUNDAY, March 8.
Stmr Pomonn, Doran. 16 hours from Eureka;
pas* and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Schr Sacramento. Goodmansen, 7 ' days . from
Grays , Harbor; 180 M ft lumber, to E X Wood
Lv ber Co. . ' i
"-* Schr Gem, Olsen. 6 days from Wlllapa Harbor;
222 Mft lumber, to Jas A Lacy. ' ■ •
•r- Schr Ootama, Brissem, 5 days from Coos Bay;
225 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
'•■■ Schr Orient, Mitchell, 6 days from Coos Bay;
280 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co. .
Movement* of Trans- Atlantis Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar B— Stmr La Gas-
cogne, from Havre: . stmr California, from Ham-
bnrc and Havre. . .
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Mar B— Stmr Etruria,
for New York. " ■■'■-. .' "
LlZARD— Passed Mar B— Stmr Edam, from
New York for Rotterdam. - ■■ ■ ■■;-.
Mnnortatlon*.
. EUREKA— Per Pomona— l cs dry goods, 2 ; bbls
mineral water. 11 rolls leather. 92 bxs butter, 1 cp
chickens, 161 3 M ft lumber. 2 kgs salt butter, 933
sks potatoes. 15 cs eggs. 5 : bdls sheep pelts, 1 bx
castings, 10 pkgs express, 24 : bxs fish, 27 doors, 1
cs deer horns, 64 bxs apples. .-
Con<»igrno<M. ■> -^i;; ;t.
Per Pomona— Hills Bros: H NTilden <fe Co: J M
j Moore; II Dutard: .1 H Neubauer& Co; G Berd
A Co: Marshall, Teggart & Co; OB Smith & Co;
Norton. Teller ifc Co: .Wheaton, Breon & Co; Pac
Coast L <fe MlIl;Co; Wltzel <fc BaKer: - Sacramento
Brewery; Brigham, Hoppe & Co: Brown <ft Adams;
A Crocker Bros: C E Whitney & Co: Arctic Oil
Works; E R Stevens <fc Co; -Russ, Sanders <fc Co: G
GWlckson <fe Co: ■ Standard Oil Co: McKay A Co:
Wells, Fargo & Co; Dairymen's Union; . Humboldt
Mineral Water Co: American Union Fish Co; Buf-
falo Brewery: Ross & Hewlett: A Paladini: Union
Brewery; Milani & Co. " ; - . ' :■:'•-
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
fßirtb, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not he insertefl. They must be handed, in at
either of the publication offices and be : indorsed
witn the name and residence of person authorized
to have the same published.] ■ ' , ■
; BOKN.
BOLDT— this city, March 6, 1896, to the wife of
.: Henry Boldt, a daughter.
BRUCE— In this city. March 8, 1896, to the wife ot
■.-."■ Donald Bruce, a son. -. ■-: • ■ ' - . .
HARTWELL-March 7, 1896, to the wife of T. D.
; Hart well, a daughter.
MADDEN— In this city, March 6, 1896, to the
: wife of J. J. Madden, a son. ; » ■'-_ - ' :, '
_______________ _ .
DIED.
Arnold, John F. Malone, Herrin H.
. Knll, Adelaide L. Merguire, Fannie A.
Coleman, Michael' Midgley. Cornelius
Condon, James ' Moroney, Paul -
. Casey, Hannah Moore, Frances A.
-Clark, John H. . Mac Donald. Louisa
" Danglada, Antone Nielsen, Gudrun V.
Donovan, John E. ." " O'Keefe, Michael
■;': Gebhardt, Theresia . Ramsell. Margaret B.
Goodspeed. Mrs. Lucy C. Sands (infant)
. Grote, Maria - . : . Schaumloaffel.Johanna
' Heald, Cordelia W. Severith. Andrew , ,
Jepsen. — ■ : . • ; SiUestrom. Erict "
'', Josephs, Joseph Smith, Joseph *'vi->--
■ Koshland, Henry. Sprague, Adnar .
Kaiser, Frederick W. Sullivan, Edward N. -
Lund. Catherine ■ Weatherall, Mary
-■ Llcbtenstien, Harold K. Whittle, John J.
ARNOLD— In this city. March 7, 1896. i John
'<■■■ F., beloved '■ husband of Laura A. Arnold, i and
father of Mrs. A. A. Hatch, Mrs. C. W. Daken
and ' Herbert F. , Arnold, a native of ' Massachu-
s■• setts, aged 69 years and 11 months. ,"'--■ v• ■ , '
- ' Friends : and acquaintances • are * respect-
fully invitea to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at (12 o'clock : M., from his late resi-
dence, 1036 McAllister street. Interment Moun-
tain View . Cemetery; - Oakland, by the 2 o'clock, '
• f. m. Doat, creek, route. ■.-"---' '??l
BULL— In this '- city ,*£ March 7, 1896. .Adelaide
, Lutltia, wife of Henry M. Ball, . a native of • Cali-
fornia, aged 34 years.? -,iv - ." ; .■ .' ; ,:,.::'. , ;
- Friends are respectfnlly Invited to attend •=
■ the funeral services THIS DAY. (Monday), at
. '11 o'clock a. m., from ; her late residence, 3230
Jackson street,. *;•■;.-. ~,,_ -\ ■■■■' ;:"■,*•■:: •■ •-' ; ':>-■;. •-■ ' •
COLEMAN— In this city. March 8, 1896. Michael,
beloved husband of Ann Coieman, and father of
.; David C. and John T. Coleman, a native of
1 ■ County Waterford, Ireland, aged 02 years and 6
.. ! months." ~ [New York papers please copy, J BslSwsi 1
" AJ-Frtends - and " acquaintances -: are < respect-
■ .:■--. ' ..v c .-■ .-'-■ ..'—-■';-.'.-.'■■ .•-'■<:■ ■'--■■ 1
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 2725 Bryant avenue, between Twenty-
iii'tb r.n'.l Twenty-sixth streets, thence to st.
Peter's Churcn, Alabninastroet, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a solemn requiem,
hish mass will be celebrated tor the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONDON— In this city. March 6, 1896, James
Condon, a native of Ireland, asjed 40 years.
jgftr Friends and acquaintances and members of
the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOR-
ROW (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock P. M.. from th«
undertaking parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASEY— In Oakland, March 5, 1896, Hannah
Casey, a native of Ireland, ased 53 years.
CLARK— In this city, March 7, 1896, John H., be-
loved husband of Lizzie Clark, father of Mamie,
Marcella, Lizzie and Margaret Clark, and brother
of Patrick and Annie Clark, a native of County
Westmeath, Ireland, aged 58 years.
A£~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atu>ud the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at H :30 o'clock a*m.. from his late
residence, 219 Elm avenue, off Van Ness, be-
tween Golden Gate avenue and Turk street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DANOLADA— In this city, March 7. 1896, An-
tone. beloved son of Antonio and the late Mer-
ceaes Danglada, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years and 6 months.
DONOVAN— In this city. March 8, 1896. John E.,
beloved husband of Mary Donovan, and father
of Ed P., Will F. and Charles H. Donovan, a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 57 years' 2
months and 2 days. [New York papers please
copy.]
jSS"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuueral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his lat«
residence, 29 flardf-n street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannan street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will he celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. lutermeut
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GEBHARDT— In this city, March 6, 1896, The-
resia, widow of the lata Frederick Gebhardt, arid
beloved mother of Fred. Charlie. Marie and
George Gebhardt, a native of Bavaria, Germany,
aged 65 years 'lo mouths :;iid 11 days.
J6S "Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8 o'clock a. i£.. from her late resi-
dence, 251/ a Hardy street, between Sixteenth
and s-eventeenih. Church and Sanchez streets,
thence to St. Boniface Church, Golden Gate
avenue, where a high requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. n.. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
GOODSPEED— Tn this city. March 7. 1896. Mrs.
Lucy C. Goodspeed, a native of Wisconsin, aged
51 years.
J6®"Frif>nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the lunoral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. rrom the fam-
ily residence, 2408 Mission street. Interment^
private, Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
GROTE— In this city, March 5. 1896, Maria Grote,
a native of Germany, aged 46 years.
HEALD-In East Oakland. March 8. 1896. Cor-
delia Waterman, beloved wife of Allen Heald. a
native of Anaon, Maine, aged 75 years 8 months
and 22 days. [ Lewiston and Ansou (Maine)
papers please copy.j
Jt»"Friends anil acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funersl TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the Pilgrim
Church, Eignth avenue, East Oakland.
JEPSEN-ln Oakland, March 7, 1896, — Jepsen,
a native of Denmark, aged 5S years.
JOSEPHS— In Oakland, March 6, 1896, Joseph
Josephs, a native of Oakland, aged 19 years.
KOSHLAND-In this city, March 7, 1896, Henry
Koshland, a native of Germauy, ai;ed 42 years.
KAISER— In this city, March 8, 1896, Frederick
W., beloved husband of May Kaiser, father of
Lucille O. Kaiser, and brother of AmeE. Kaiser,
a native of Boston, Mas j., aged 31 years and 2
months.
JSr"Friends and acquaintances are respsct-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock p, v.. from his late
residence, 22 Birch avenue, thence to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock p. M. train from
Third and Townsend streets, for interment.
LUND— In this city, March 7, 1896, Catherine.
dearly beloved daughter of Captain H. C. and
Nellie Lund, and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.
M. McDonnell, and niece of Mm. Alice Bidenger
and Cassle McManus, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 6 days.
UyFrieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 329 Thirteenth street, near
Harrison. Interment 1. O. o. F. Cemetery.
LICHTENSTIEN— In this city. March 8, 1896,
Harold K. Licbtenstien, beloved and only child
of Sol and Clara Lichteustien, aged 4 months and
11 days.
MALONE— Tn tnis city, March 7, 1896, Herrin
Herman, beloved husband of Caroline Malona
and father of Mrs. Caroline Busby, a native off
St. Thomas, West Indies, aged 54 years.
MORONEY— In this city. March 8. 1896, Paul,
beloved husband of Margaret S. Moroney, and
father of Paul L., Lee D., J. F.. Margaret T.
and May G. Moroney and Mrs. James A.Thomp-
son, a native of New York, aged 67 years.
MERGUIRE— In this citr, March 7, 1896, Fannie
A., widow of the late George H. Mergnire, and
mother of F. A. and C. L. Mersuire and Mrs.
Jonn McClunie, a native of Brunswick, Maine,
acted 60 years 6 months and 17 days. fßoston
(Mass.) and Portland (ile.) papers please copy.j
ftSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from the residence
of her son, C. L. Merguire, 816 Valencia street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MIDGLEY— In this city, March 8, 1896, Cornelius,
beloved husband of Christine Midgley, a native of
England, aged 54 years.
MOORE— In this city, March 8, 1896, Francis
Amelia, widow of Robert Moore, a native of
Prince Edward Island, aged 51 years.
MacDONALD— In this city, March 8, 1896,
Louisa, beloved wife of Malcolm Mac Donald, a
native of Prince Edward ; Island, aged 32 years.
KfS*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at, 9 :30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 627 Ivy avenue, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com.
mencing at 10 o'clock a. it. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NIELSEN— In this city, March 7, 1896, Gudrun
Vilhelmlne Nielsen, a native of Denmark, aged
28 years and 6 months.
giyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviied to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, thence by 11:45 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets to Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery for cremation.
O'KEEFE— In West Berkeley. March 8. 1896,
Michael, beloved husband of Nora O'Keefe, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 54 years.
jjyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(1 nesday). at 10 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, corner Holvoke and Fifth streets. West
Berkeley. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery,
San Francisco.
RAMSELL— In Fruit Vale, Alameda County. Cal.,
March 7, 1896, Margaret E. Ramsell, a native of
Maine, aged 69 years.
SILLESTROM— In this city, March 8, 1896, Erlck,
beloved son of Eri"k Sillestrom, and brother of
Mrs. Martha Peterson, a native of Stockholm,
Sweden, aged 24 years.
SANDS— In this city, March 8, 1896, Infant daugh-
ter of Joseph and Lizzie Sands, a native of San
Francisco.
SULLIVAN— In Oakland, March 7, 1896. Edward
N. Sullivan, loving son of Michael Sullivan, and
brother of Michael, George and Margaret Sulli-
van, a native of California, aged 20 years 6
months and 1 day.
jJS"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of her father, 680 East Fourteenth street, Oak-
land, thence to St. Anthony's Churcn, where
services will be held. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
SPRAGUE— In this city, March 7, 1896, Adna,
beloved husband of Masgie Sprague, a native of
Hineham, Mass.. aged 70 years.
j&3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the Knighta
of Pythias Castle. 909 Market street, wbere
services will be held under the auspices of
Laurel Lodge No. 4, Knighta of Pythias. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
SCHAUMLOEFFEL— in this city. March 6, 1896.
Johanna Pchaumloeffel (nee Noonan). wife of
M. Scbaumloeffel, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 63 years. [Denver (Colo.) and Balti-
more (Md.) papers please copy.j
03" Friends are respectfnlly invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Monday), at 1 o'clock
p. v., from her late residence, Fifteenth and
Tilden streets.
SEVERITH— In this city. March 7, 1896, Andrew,
beloved husband of Margaret Severith, a native
. of Scotland, aged 60 years.
ft'jj'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a.m., from the funeral par-
lors of James -McMenomey <fe Sou, 1057 Mission
street, near Seventh. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. Marci 7, 1896, Joseph, hus-
band of Clara J. smith, and father of Mrs. Jennie
Chase, Mrs. M. Button, Mrs. Florence Fletcher
and Emma, Gertrude and Arthur Smith, a na-
tive or England, aged 66 years 7 months and 17
days.
flEj-Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services TO-
MORROW (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a.m., from
the Church of the Advent, Eleventn street, near
Market. Interment private.
WHITTLE— In this city, March 4, 1896, John J.
Whittle, a native of England, aged 40 years.
WEATHERALL — In Honolulu. February 17,
1896. Mary, wife of Samuel Weatherall, and
sister of Mrs. W. H. Hoogs of San Francisco.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 andJjg^Fifthjtree^J
McAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DLSECTOES & EMBALMEBi,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lin coin School.
Telephone 8080.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TV SAN MATEO COUNTY ; NON-SECT ARIAI»|
1 laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bean*
Ufnl, permanent and easy of acceas; ae«it before
•myiliz a burial place elsewhere.
tlity Office, i» Citjr U»ll Avesn*.
1314
DOCKERY`S REPLY
TO ALAMEDA
San Francisco's Milk In
spection System Is
Thorough.
NO BETTER ON EARTH.
A Statement of the Plans That
the Health Board Is Car
rying Out.
BULLETINS WILL BE ISSUED.
The Scheme Adopted Across the Bay
Has Long Been in Contem
plation Here.
The Alameda system of announcing in
public bulletins the results of the official
milk inspection every month created a
great deal of comment among the readers
of The Sunday Call.
Inspector Maillot's criticisms of the San
Francisco method of inspection also ex
cited interest, but the local officials say
that in the most important assertions re
garding this City Mr. Maillot was misin
formed.
Inspector Dockery and Veterinary Sur
geon Creely were interviewed yesterday
and they insist that the local system in
cludes ever}' good feature of the work in
Alameda, while it has some other features
of the hißhestjpractical importance.
•'I thinK that this Alameda system of
milk inspection, as 1 read of it in The
Call to-day," said Inspector Dockery, 'is
the linest in existence. The city on the
other side of the bay deserves credit. The
plan of posting monthly bulletins of the
results of the tests made is good. It is to
be adopted here, that very project having
been decided upon some months ago, and
we thought that San Francisco would be
the rirst to adopt it.
"Alameda has had about two years to
perfect its methods, while we have been at
the work only about rive months. Yet
ban Francisco stands all right in the com
parison when the full facts are known.
"Inspector Maillot, who is a careful and
efficient officer, as I am informed, spoke
without full knowledge of our work wnen .
he criticized the San Francisco methods, j
however. It is not strange that ho should i
not have had knowledge of all the facts, i
for much that we have done has not been i
publicly mentioned, as partial reports j
would not be of any value and might re- |
suit in injustice to* some of the dairymen, j
"In the lirst place, the Alameda inspec- |
tors have to deal with about twenty-eieht '
dairies, while we have to watch fully 600
dairymen and dealers in milk.
"Alameda issues bulletins about the
condition of the milk and the dairies. !
That is included in our system. The Ala- j
ineda officers examine all the cows and in- !
ej>ect the dairies. We do these things, too, ;
though the fact did not seem to be under
stood by Inspector Maillot, and some of j
the results "already obtained would be
Btartling ii we were ready to make them I
public.
"Our field for dairy inspection extends I
over several counties, and the only way i
that we can secure compliance with our I
instructions to dairymen outside of this |
county is to prevent milk from coming to I
this City when the sanitary conditions at j
the source of supply are not good.
"We have all the regulations and pre- ',
cautions adopted in ATameda, and W3 go
much further. At Aiameda the milk is
occasionally inspected, about as chance
may direct. Here we have inspection sta- i
tions established, though the inspectors i
are not yet appointed, and every dealer
will be compelled to go to one of these sta- \
tions and have his stock of milk inspected
before he. can even bring it beyond the
station. The inspectors will be assigned
to new stations every night, and there will
be little chanca for profitable crookedness.
"This is the main point in the superior
ity of our system over that of Alameda,
and it is about the only thing needed to
perfect the plans across the bay.
•'Each can of milk will be properly
Stamped or marked at the inspection sta- |
tion, and it will be against the law for any i
dealer to have an unstamped can in his !
possession. Besides that, I — or the Milk j
Inspector, whoever he may be — will con- j
tinue the general inspections about the
City, and the circumstance that a can oi
milk has been tested and stamped at one i
of the stations will not prevent a second !
test being made.
"I see, by Dr. Carpenters admission, i
that the milk ordinance in Alameda is ;
very defective, as a dealer cannot be pun- i
ished unless caught in the act of deliver- I
ing adulterated milk. The mere posses- j
sion of adulterated milk is against the City j
laws here, and it is a sufficient evidence of
band anywhere.
"Our new ordinance is undoubtedly the I
best and most complete in the country. It
ia founded on a careful study of the "milk
ordinaßOM in all the other large cities, j
and it has many original features that are !
specially valuable.
"The only effective way of dealing with
the dairy question is through the news
papers, though the milkmen would uot i
care much about a mere arrest. It's the :
exposure that they are afraid of, for ex
posure of fraud in milk dealing means a
ruin of business. The greatest begging of
the offending dealer is:
" 'For God's sake, Dockery, don't let our
name be published.'
'The proper examination of the cows is
of far greater importance than the inspec
tion of the milk. In regard to that I agree
most heartily with Mr. Maillot. It is bet- j
ter to have fifty per cent of pure water and j
no diseased milk than to have no water j
and ten per cent of diseased milk. And it I
is a matter of vital importance, not only
to babies and to invalids, but to every
body.
"I am positive that seventy-five per cent
of the milk now brought to' San Francisco
is strictly pure. And that means a great
deal, though we have hardly begun" our |
work. There is very little diseased milk,
and when our plans are put in operation
there will be none at all.
"The great trouble in San Francisco is
that the hoard of Health is greatly ham
pered. Its appropriations are cut down
ttud there is little money available for the
work, but that is sure to be remedied when
the people understand what the board is
doing. The Board of Health wants to
have every article of food thoroughly in
spected, and that will be done eventually.
At present there is little encouragement
for a man to go out and work night after
night, risking his life, when it is not cer
tain whether the Board of Health will
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
Dir£V£%l Baking
A\^^ a^ssa rvVvllvl
ABSOLUTELY. PUBE
have any funds at the end of the monthto
pay his paltry salary as milk inspector.
Mr. Dockery declares that if the Health
Board would allow the politicians to con
trol the appointment of milk and food in
spectors more money would be placed at
its disposal, but the board is determined to
keep its work out of politics.
Tne inspector haß no laboratory in
which to conduct his milk experiments.
There is a new ordinance prohibiting the
sale of milk by any vendor without a per
mit, and this* ordinance went into effect
on February 13. Inspector Dockery says
that any vendor not having a permit after
next Friday will be arrested. There is no
charge for the permits.
Veterinary Surgeon Creely is confident
that when the inspection stations are es
tablished and all the new regulations are
put into effect San Francisco's milk sup
ply will be the best in the world. Some
very serious defects in Military conditions
at the dairies have already been remedied,
and many cows affected with tuberculosis
have been Killed.
GOETHE-SCHILLER FESTIVAL.
Entertainment and ltall to Aid the
Monument Fund.
The Goethe-Schiller Monument Associa
tion made another substantial addition to
the fund being raised to commemorate
Germany's two most illustrious names in
the world of thought and letters. At the
festival held in Mechanics' Pavilion some
months ago about fifty prizes remained
uncalled for. The association determined
to hold another festival on a less elaborate
scale to dispose of these, and iacidentialy
to awaken enthusiasm in the movement to
secure the monument, and the affair at
Eintracht Hall, 1237 Twelfth street, last
evening was the result.
Charles Bundschu, president of the as
sociation, made a brief address in which
he eulogized the two iioets and called
upon the people to respond liberally with
subscriptions. John Plageuiann rendered
a barytone solo and the Yorein Eintracht
Turn Section, under the leadership of H.
C. F. Stahl, executed pyramids. The re
mainder of the evening was devoted to
dancing.
The committee expect to order the rann
tiiuent, which is to be an exact duplicate
of one in Goethe's birthplace, some time
during this week.
SAMUEL OSBOURNE ALIVE
Barbour Lathrop Recently Saw
Him in South
Africa.
Denied the Greeting and Said That
Osbourne Was Not His
Name.
One day about eight years ago Samuel
Osbourne, one of the best-Known citizens
of San Francisco, disappeared. The mys
tery of his disappearance has never been
solved. He was not in debt or distress.
His business, that of stenography, was in
a fairly prosperous condition. A year or
two prior to his sudden disappearance his
first wife obtained a divorce with his full
consent, and shortly after the decree was
issued she married Robert Louis Steven
son. Sam wished the newly married j
couple all the joy imaginable.
His own era of single blessedness was
brief, for he married again within six
months, and established his bride in a
pleasant home in this City. She lived
there with his mother, an elderly Jady of
tine accomplishments and a disposition of
rare sweetness. His domestic relations
seemed to be of the happiest kind. His
circle of friends in the Bohemian Clud
was large, and all who came within the
range of it recognised Sam Osbourne as a
cheerful and genial companion.
Hence when he disappeared his most in
timate friends scouted the idea of suicide .
Accidental drowning was the next theory
advanced to account for his disappearance ,
but the fact that he had put all hi: papers
in shape for final settlement of business
affairs induced his associates to believe
that he had simply skipped out.
Vague rumors reached the Bohemian
Club occasionally that he was seen in Dav
enport, lowa, but the truth of the report
could not be verified. Another report
came that he was seen in Duluth and ac
costed as Sam Osbourne, but failed to re
spond to the salutation.
Facts have recently come to light to
show that Samuel Osbourne is alive and
enjoying a fair degree of prosperity in
South Africa. He was seen in Johannes
burg by Barbour T. Lathrop and accosted
by the latter. Laturop was so well ac
quainted with Osbourne, meeting him
daily for eipht years la the Bohemian
Club, and, as a reporter of The Call, com
ing across him so frequently In the courts,
that lie could hardly be mistaken. Bar
bour Lathrop, whose fluency in conversa
tion is admired, and whose animation in
addressing an old friend cannot be ques
tioned, was somewhat taken by surprise.
Sam replied to the greeting by the
remark: "You are mistaken; my name is
not Osbourne."
Mr. Lathrop is not a man to force his
company on any one, so he simply said :
"All right, Sam, if you want to so mas
querading under another name it is none
of my business. Good day, sir."
The interview so terminated.
Sam Osbourne used to fancy that his re
semblance to the Prince of Wales was so
marked that many people observed it, but
Mr. Lathrop, who has had the privilege of
meeting both the Prince and Sanr, would
not likely mistake one for the other.
In South Atrica there are several Cali
fornians who disappeared from San Fran
cisco under a cloud. As a rule they are
doing well and, as one of them expressed
it to Lathrop, "are reflecting credit on
California."
PAINT CLUB BANQUET.
t
Enjoyable Gathering of Members—Offi
cers Klected.
The third annual meeting and banquet
of the S. F. Paint, Oil and" Varnish Club
was held on Saturday evening at Del
monico's. At 7 o'clock the meeting wa?
called, and the business of the evening
was speedily transacted and the following
officers were elected to serve for the en
suing year: President, J. P. Jourdan;
vice-president, J. O. Low; secretary. Saul
Magner; treasurer, G.|Ammerup; directors,
S. H. Brown, Charles M. Yates, R. N.
Nason.
The meeting was turned over to the com
mittee on entertainment, and in a neat
and well-litting speech Toastmaster S. H.
Brown invited the members and guests to
be seated at the banquet table and partake
of a repast to which all did ample justice.
Those present were: J. P. Jouraan, J.
O. Low, T. J. Bass, G. Ammerup, E. J.
Ensign, Emii Magner, R. N. Nason, S. H.
Brown, E. L. Hueter, Haul Magner, Henry
King, F. B. Jokce, G. W. Young.
The guests of the evening were: J, P.
Seymour of Chicago, R. K. Palache, L. H.
Butcher, David Low, Fred King and H. J.
Lask.
TflE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1896.
RACERS STILL ACTIVE
The Big Bicycle Tournament
Continues at the Pavilion
To-Night.
FAST PRACTICE YESTERDAY.
Entries and Heats of the Events to
Be Run During the Rest of the
Meeting.
The absence of actual racing and compe
tition al the Pavilion yesterday did not
serve to keep the crowds away, and all the
afternoon and evening there was a large
attendance. The exhibits were made par-
GLIMPSES CAUGHT ON THE WHEEL AT THE MECHANICS' PAVILION.
[Sketched by a "Call" artut.]
ticularly attractive, and all the various
booths were crowded.
In the afternoon the Presidio band dis
coursed sweet music, the spectators prome
naded around and the racing men prac
ticed upon the track. It was the same in
the evening, and under the glare of elec
tric lights the booths were prettier than
ever. The exhibitors have taken a good
deal of pains and gone to considerable ex
pense in fitting up their shows, and the
majority of them are very tasty.
There were some very pretty sprints in
j dulged in by the riders in the evening.
j There were as many as twentj* men on the
I track at one time, and the scene was quite
animated. Wpl!s and Edwards had sev
: eral brushes together, and Osen, the crack
1 professional, astonished even his friends
1 by his wonderful riding.
There are many admirers of Edwards.
| particularly his clubmates in the Olympic
i Club Wheelmen, who claim that by to
morrow night he will be in such perfect
: form as to be pble to beat Weils, but the
latter has not gone back one whit in bis
condition, and the Bay City men think he
I is still the fastest man of the tournament.
The}' will come together to-night In the
I mile handicap.
The races to-night will be a one-mile
handicap, divided into fifteen heats of five
\ men each, there being seventy-five en
trants, all of them speedy men. There
will have to be three semi-final heats, and
a final, in themselves enough racing for
I one evening. But the management has
on two other big drawing cards, the popu
! lar ten-mile club cup race, which created
| so much enthusiasm the first three nights
of the tournament, and a live-mile military
relay race.
In the latter event ten men are entered,
picked from the crack bicyclists at the
Presidio, of whom there are a good many.
There will be five men on a side, each of
whom will ride a relay of one mile, carry
ing knapsack, rifle and canteen, and pass
ing a message to the man who relays him
at the end of the mile. The message is to
be delivered to General Graham, com
mandant at the Presidio, who will be pres
ent accompanied by his staff in full uni
form, occupying box seats.
The entries for the various events to be
run this week are very numerous. The
heats in which the men will ride have
been carefully arranged, and are an
nounced now that the men may Know
when they will compete. They are as fol
lows:
Monday evening, March 9:
ONE-MILE HANDICAP.
First heat— Charl<<i 8. Wells, B. C. W.: T.
Delinas, G. C. C. ; J. C. Williamson, S. R. W.;
(J. A. McKay, B. C. W.; 8. J. Biumenthal, S. P.
R. C; Joseph Lynch, 1. C. C.
Second hent— William Yeoman. R. A. C. ;
Fred L. Day, B. C. W.; F. R. Haley, L. C. C;
L. K. Pels, S. F. R. C.j R. J. Gilbert, 1. C. C.
Third heat— R. L. Long, B. C. W. : N. Acker
man, s. F. R. C. ; A. H. Agnew, Acme; Percy
Deacon, R. A. C.J J. T. Lynch, I. C. C.
Fourth heat— T. S. Hall, B. C.W.; Al Howard,
C. R. a; B. J. Raynaud, B. C. W.j E. C. Barley,
I. C. C. ; J. H. Otey, Acme.
Fifth heat— G. H. Crafts, Acme; L. Sitten
helm.C. R. C. ; H. A. Goddard, B. C. W.; P.
Morrin, I. C. C. ; G. A. Galindo. Acme.
Sixth heat— P. R. Mott, R. A. C. ; L. 8.
Leavitt, S. F. R. C. ; B. B. Vincent. B. C. W. : O.
A. Romer, unattached; M. M. Cook, I. C. C.
Seventh heat— T. A. Grimths, B. C. W.; R.
Hogg, 8. J. R. C. : A. Theison, C. C. C; P. M.
Leievre. Acme; A. Young, unattached.
Eighth heat— X. Gushing, G. C. C; A. J.
Menne, B. C. \V.: Oscar Mehner, P. ¥.; H. B.
Freeman, B. C. W.; E. H. Ward, Y. M. C. A.
Ninth heat— A. M. Boyden, R. A. C. ; E.
Languetin, B. C. W. ; H. Gunderson, C. R. C. ;
J. B. Scott, Acme; C. T. Lindwald, I. C. C.
Tenth heat— Hardy Downing, G. C. C. : W. W.
Xeedhani.O. C. W.; A. L. Holling, B. Q. W.;
E. Langer, 1. C. C. ; C. H. Jordan. O. C. W.
Eleventh heat— J. K. Edwards, O. C. W.;
Peter Metcalfe, I. C. C; C. D. Gooch, R. A. C;
H. B. Williams, C. C. C; H. L. Shelby,
S. F. R. C.
Twelfth heat-C. M. Smith, G. C. C; E. Bo
zio, I. C. C. ; Charles Goodwin, S. F. R. C. ; L.
W. McGlauflin, A. C; Albert Austin, I. C. C.
Thirteenth heat— Frank M. Byrne, I. C. C;
F. R. Thiel, S. F. R. C; J. M. Freitas, I. C.C.;
A. E. Cumbers, A. C. ; A. O. Ortion, I. C. C.
Fourteenth heat— Ed Chapman. O. C. W. ; V.
A. Benson, G. C. C. ; John E. Burnt, I. C. C. ; W.
T. Pratt, A. C; A. Brogi, I. C. C.
Fifteenth heat— George Tant*u, O. C. W. ; R.
Robinson, S. F. R. C; A. W. Kitchin. O. H. S.
W. ; Mose London, 8. F. R. C. ; George Cla
brough, I. C. C.
Tuesday evening, March 10.
ONE MILK INVITATION.
First heat— E. Languetin, B. C. W. ; Tony Del
mas, G. C. C. ; R. Robinson, £. F. R. C.
Second heat— V. A. Benson, G. C. C. ; P. R.
Mott, R. A. C. ; J. C. Williamson, a R. W.
Third heat— C. M. Smith, G. C. C; P. M. Le
fevre, Acme; L. S. Leavltt, S. F. R. C.
Fourth heat— F. L. Day, B. C. W. •F. R. Tblel.
S. F. R. C. ; E. C. Barley, I. C. C.
Fifth heat— A. J. Mennc, B. C. W. ; Peter Met*
calfe, I. C. C. ; A. Tiieuon, C. C. C.
Sixth heat— T. 8. Hall, B. C. W. ; George Tan
tau, O. C. W.; Thomas Boyd, C. C. C.
Seventh heat— Ed Chapman, O. C. W.;G. H.
Crafts, Acme;L. E. Pets, S. F. R. C; A. M.
Boyden, R. a. C.
ONE-HALF MILE HANDICAP.
First heat— R. L. Long, B. C. W. ; P. M. Le
fevre, Acme; L. 6. Leavitt, S. F. R. C. ; Ed
Langer, I. c. C. ; J. E. Scott, Acme.
Second beat— William Yeoman, R. A. C. ; P. A.
Deacon, R. A. C : B. C. Raynaud, B. C. W.; F.
S. Joost, C. C. C.
Third heat— Hardy Downing, G. C. C; E. Bo
«lo, I. C. C.J C, D. Gooch, R. A. C. ; H. Sessions,
1. C. C.
Fourth heat— J. E. Edwards, O. C. W. ; A. J.
Menne, B. C. W.j Albert Young, unattached;
L. Sittenheim, C. R. C.
Fifth heat— F. M. Byrne, I. C. C. ; H. Stern
berg, C. C. C.; A. Bchmitz, unattached; Thomas
Boyd, unattached.
Sixth heat— C. S. Wells, B. C. W.; Joseph T.
Lynch, I. C. C. ; G. H. Crafts, Acme; A. Thei
son, C. C. C.
Seventh heat— T. A. Griffiths, B. C. W. ; R.
Cushing, G. C. C; N. Ackerman, S. F. R. C.J
James H. Lynch, I. C. C.
Eighth heat-T. S. Hall, B. C. W.; P. R. Mott,
R. A. C; L. E. Pels, S. F. R. C. ; R. J. Gilbert,
I. C. C.
Ninth heat— E. Languetin, B. C. W.; W. B.
Alexander, unattached; J. C. Williamson, S. R.
W.;F. R. Haley, L. C. C.
Tenth heat— F. L. Day, B. C. W.; R. Robinson,
8. F. R. C. ; E. C. Barley, I. C. C. ; Charles Kraft,
Acme.
Eleventh heat— Tony Delmas, G. CC ; A. E.
Cumbers, D. G. C. ; A. Brogi, I. C. C. ; W. T.
Fratt, A. C. I
Twelfth heat-C.|H. Jordan, O. C. W.: P. Met
calfe, I. O C; Charles Goodwin, S. F. R. C. ; F.
A. Koch.L. C. C.
Thirteenth heat— S. B. Vincent, B. C. W.J T.
L. Alborelle, I. C. C: V. J. Galindo, Acme; G.
E. Frost, unattached.
Fourteetn heat— V. A. Benson, G. C. C.:H.
A. Goddard, B. C. W. ; O. A. Roemer, unat
tached; E. 11. Ward, Y. M. C. A.
Fifteenth heat— C. M. Smith, G. C. C. ; M.
London, S. F. R. C. ; M. M. Cook, I. C. C; A. H.
Agnew, Acme.
Sixteenth heat— w. W. Needham, O. C. \\\:
G. A. McKay. B. <\ \\\; W. i>. Dent, unat
tached; F. B. May, I. C. C.
Seventeenth heat— Ed Chapman. O. C. W.;
G.W.Thomas, G. C C. ; George Clabrough, I.
C. C. ; J. 11. Otey, Acme.
Eighteenth heat— George Tantan, O. C W.;
R. A. Coulter. C. C. C. ; A. L. Holling, B. C. W. ;
A. Austin, I. C. C.
Nineteenth heat— R. Hogg. 8. J. R. C; .T. D.
Cardinell, C. C. C; LouU Young, I. CO.; H.
B. Freeman, B. C. W.
Twentieth heat— J. F. Burns, I. C. C. ; J. M.
Freitas, I. C. C. ; S. J. Blumenthal, S. F. R. C. ;
C. T. I.inwald, 1. C. C; 11. B. Williams, C. C. C.
Wednesday evening, March 11.
ONE-QUARTER MILE SCRATCH.
First heat— C. s. Wells, B. C, W.; N. Acker
man, a F. R. C.J G. H. Crafts, Acme.
Second hoat— Hardv Downine, G. C. C; Ed
Chapman, O, C. W. ; f. A. Alborelle. I. C. C.
Third heat— J. E. Edwards, O. C. \V. ; E.
Languetin, B. C. W.J Charles Goodwin, B. F.
R. C.
Fourth heat— T. A. Griffiths, 8.C.W.; L. S.
L-eavitt, g, F. K. c. : W. c. Hofens, W. C. C.
Fifth heat— William Yeoman, R. A. C; A. J.
Menne, B. C. \V. ; C. M. Smith, G. C. C.
Sixth heat— R. L. Long, B. C. W.J Tony Del
maß, G. C. C. ; George W. Tantau, O. C. \V.
Seventh heat— F. M. Byrne, I. C. C. ; H. B.
Freeman, B. C. W.; V. A. Benson, G. C. C: C.
T. I.indwald, I. C. C.
Eighth heat— Russell Cughing, G. C. C. ; B. B.
Vincent, B. C. W.; \V. W. Needham, O. C. \Y.
Ninth heat— T. S. Hall, B. C. W.; Albert
Young, unattached; Harry Sessions, I. C. C.
Tenth heat— Petor Metcalfe, I. C. C. ; W. B.
Alexander, unattached ; George A. McKav, B.
C. W.
Eleventh heat-E. C. Barley, I. C. C; M. M.
Cook, I. C. C. ; P. Morrin, I. C. C. ; V. J. Gulindo,
Acme.
ONE MILE HANDICAP.
First heat-William Yeoman, R. A. C.;:L. S.
Leavitt. S. F. R. C. ; A. 11. Aznew, Acme; F. H.
Thiel.S. F. R. <\; Charles Kraft, unattaohed.
Second heat— lt. L.*Long,B.C.,W.; O. H.
Krafts, Acme; A. Theison, C. C..C; R. J. Gil
bert, I. C. C; H . L. Selby, S. F. R. C.
Third heat— Tony Delmas, G. C.'C; R. Robin
son.S. F. R. C. ; B. C.Raynaud,?B. C. W.; 11.
Sternberg, C. C. C. ; A. O. Ortion, I. C. C.
Fourth lieat—J. K. Edwards, O. C. \V\; P. A.
Deacon, R. A. •C; G. A. McKay, B. C. W. ; Al
Howard, C. R. C. ; Albert Young, unattached.
Fifth heat— ll. Downing, G. C; L. E. Pel*.
S. F. R. C.J Jamei H. Lynch, I. C.C.; H. A.
Goddard, B. C. W.; F. C. Hanson, C. C.'C. ' '
. Sixth heat— C. S. Wells, iß.i C. W.; V. A. Ben
son, G. C. C. J. F. Burns, I. C. C. ; W. 8. Dent,
unattached; Charles Goodwin, S. F. R. C.;F.
B.May, I.e. C.
Seventh heat— . R. Mott, R. A. C. ; O. A.
Romer, unattached: W. f. Pratt, A. C; C. H.
Jordan, O. 0. \V\; S. J. Blumenthal, a F. R. C. ;
M. M. Cook, I. C. C.
Eighth heat— F. M. Byrne, 1.-.C.C.; F. R.
Haley, L. C. C.j R. Hogp, 8T J. R. C: J. D. Car
dinell. C. C. C. ; B. H. Elford, R. A. C. •/
' Ninth heat— F. L. Day, B.C. W.: A. M. Boyden,
R. A. C; W. W. Neeaham. 0. C. W.; H. B. Wil
liams, C. C. C. ; Ea Langer, I. C. C.
Tenth heat— A. J. Menne, B. C. W.; R. Cush
ing, G. C. C. ; Jcs/>i T. Lynch, I. C. C;j M. Lon
don, 8. F. R. C. ; %, Brogli I. C. C
Eleventh heat— C. M. Smith, G. C. C. ; F. N.
Thomas, A. C; A. Austin, I. C. C. ; ; J. Scott,
Acme ; George Clabrough, I. C. C.
Twelfth heat-H.B. Freeman, B. C. W.; P.
M. Lefevre, Acme; George W. Tantau, O. C.W.;
P. H. Rosenheim, R. C. W.; A. E. Cumbers,
X/» O. C.
Thirteenth heat— T. A. Griffiths, B. C. W.; N.
Ackerraan. S. F. R. C. ; S. B. Vincent, B. C. W. ;
Ed Chapman, O. C. W.; G. H. Otey, Acme.
Fourteenth heat— T. §. Hall, B. C. W. ; E.
Langiietlt, B. C. W.; A. L. Hollinjr, B. G. \V. ;
T. Me tcalfe, I. C. C. ; Charles Kraft, unattached.
S. B. Vingent of the Bay City Wheel
men rode a quarter of a mile at the track
yesterday afternoon, paced by a tandem,
in 29 2-5 seconds, which is under the
world's record, but, being made on a Sun
day, it does not count. Toe pacers were
Egan and Jaesling of the Imperial Club.
"Wells also rode an unpaced quarter in 29
seconds flat, but only two watches caught
the time.
The great Fowler sextet was ridden in
the park yesterday by R. P. Avlward,
Acme, Allan Jones, Olympic, C. C. Hop
kins, T. C Dodge and W. A. Terrill, Bay
City, and Oscar Osen, Olympic Cyclers.
The riders were delighted with the ma
chine, which, they say, runs as smoothly
as a single wheel, and is perfectly rigid.
The pace attained at times is terrific, for
the reason that, with the bie 153 Rear, the
men s feet go around so slowly that they
do not realize how fast they are going.
Back-pedaling is impossible, and about
the only way to stop the machine is to let
it slow down gradually or for the two rear
men to drop off and hold it back. The
machine will be taken out again next Sun
day, and may be used for a record trial
against time at the Bay District track dur
ing the week.
HE IS STILL CHAMPION
That Is the Claim Made by
Burly John Lawrence
Sullivan.
CROWDS BUSH TO GREET HIM.
He Gives His Profound Opinion of
Prizefighters, Preachers
and Others.
The big white hatted "Senators" and
"boss politicians" never looked so small
as they did last evening in the lobby of
the Baldwin Hotel. Their "push" de
serted them entirely, and they, joining in
with the rusty crowd, elbowed and shoved
to get a glimpse of John L. Sullivan.
Yes, the great John L. Sullivan has ar
rived. He is still great in many respects,
although no longer the king of the 24-foot
ring. Ue is better looking in face, because
his hard lines are being softened by
mustache and hair that are rapidly be
coming gray.
But he is getting so terribly fat. He ac
knowledges 277 pounds, which represents
about fifty pounds less than he actually
weighs. That makes little difference, how
ever; his bull-like roar, his hearty grasp
and his personal magnetism manage to
keep him popular wherever he travels.
It took a squad of policemen to clear the
hotel lobby when the news spread that
Sullivan had reached the hotel, and to
avoid a rush Parson Davies, who is man
aging him, suggested that they both go
upstairs to their rooms.
When the "big fellow" disappeared in
the elevator the malcontents downstairs
said he was drunk and had to be put to
bed. ___
This is positively not so. Sullivan, last
night, was in a good jovial mood, not
having taken more than any gentleman
of his capacity can carry with dignity. He
received the newspapermen and a few
select friends with cordiality, and said he
was glad to meet old acquaintances.
He poked a little fun at himself, espe
cially at his fast increasing weight, saying
that if he did not wear an elastic bandape
his stomach would spill out over his
tronser's band.
"I consider myself still champion of the
world," he said. "I've got as much right
to the title as Corbelt, because to win the
championship you have to have it out in
prize-ring style with bare knuckles."
Speaking in a general way on pugilistic
matters, Sullivan stated that he and Par
son Davies were feeling their way toward
popularizing and legalizing fisticuffs in the
United States.
"You see," Baid the big man, "we want
to establish a sporting league of a national
character. We want to get the best men
financially, socially and politically in the
United States to join, and represent the
sections in which they live. Then we will
be a power in a political way and force our
legislators to fix up our business so we can
conduct it, or else we won't elect them."
At this juncture Sullivan branched off
on the question of professional rights,
claiming that he in all his career as a prize
fighter never hurt nor touched a non
combatant outside of a prizefight ring.
Quite the contrary, he had put his band
down in his pocket to help out the poor,
regardless of whether they believed prize
fighting was right or wrong.
"And," he emphasized, "I never in my
life tried to stop a preacher from preach
ing. Let them stick to their business
strictly and honestly, do the good I believe
they can do, and quit monkeying with
other folks. When they do that you won't
have scandals like this Brown business
I've been hearing so much of. Did I, or
any other prizefighter, create such a stink
as that?" he asked quite earnestly.
Sullivan still bears the only half-healed
scars he sustained on the head some four
or live weeks ago when he fell from a mov
ing car near Springfield, 111. The story
telegraphed here was that the wounds had
resulted in causing dropsy, but that
is pure fabrication.
"I believe that if Corbett and Fitzsim
mons met to-day that Corbett would whip
the Cornishman," Sullivan said.
"As to Jackson, he is no longer in it.
He's been living too high since he has gone
to England. I think, though, he would
have licked Corbett had he not been handi
capped when he fought him in this city.
You remember they fought a draw. Jack
son's leg was sprained at that time."
This question of colored men as fighters
caused Sullivan to launch forth a tirade
against the race. Apparently he has a
colored man in perfect horror. He talks,
however, of Bob Armstrong, a twenty-one
year-old prodigy which Parson Davies has
discovered, and who is now trainine with
Joe Choynski in Chicago. He believes he
will make himself known before long, as
soon as Joe puts some speed in him.
As to the coming battle between Lavigne
and Jack McAuliffe, Sullivan places his
faith in the latter, who, if he has not been
living too high, is a "world beater," so be
claim?, "but," he added, "Lavigne can
lick any man living at 133 pounds."
Hair dye is considered so detrimental to
long life that a Paris insurance company
refuses to insure the lives of persons who
use it.
kew TO-DAY-DRY GOODS^
LIB DEPARTMENT!
THE LARGEST AND
MOST COMPLETE STOCK
The Lowest Prices!
We have just received an enormous
shipment of HOUSEKEEPING LINEN
GOODS In both IRISH AND GERMAN
MAKES, and as they come to us direct
from the manufacturers, we are enabled ;\
to sell them at extremely low prices. The •
collection includes TABLE DAMASKS,
DAMASK LINEN SETS. LUNCH SETS,
DAMASK NAPKINS, HEMSTITCHED
LUNCH SETS, HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS,
DOYLIES, DAMASK TOWELS, HUCK
TOWELS, TRAY CLOTHS, HEMSTITCH-
ED SCARFS, LINEN SHEETS, GLASS
LINENS, CRASHES, STAND COVERS,
BATH SHEETS. Turkish Towels, Pillow
Linens, all widths, and Richardson's cele-
brated 4-4 Irish Linens.
r=: SPECIAL ! — £3*
500 dozen Satin Damask Napkins, 25
inches square (Irish manufacture), new
designs - - - - Price $2.50 a dozen
Housekeepers should examine our stock
of above goods.
1692* / ~~^B w^^™"^^
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
BOWEN
A I II
No foibles here, at least
we hope not — nothing but
buying and selling, growing
bigger, pleasing more peo-
ple, reaching out to buy bet-
ter in order to sell better.
We don't sacrifice quality
for price.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Imported Boneless Sardines
Lazeran— large tins ten to twelve
fish in fine oil. We haven't any
better fish or oil 25c
regular 30c $3 50 doz.
O. K. Bourbon Whiskey
Our bottling, our label, our
guarantee for purity gallon $3 00
bottle 75c 3 bottles $2 03
regular $4 00 and $1 00
also any of our bottling of wines
at $1 00 3 bottles $2 00.
California Canned Fruits
extra selected with heavy syrup
Alcalde brand — lemon cling
peaches, Muir peaches, peeled
apricots, white cherries
regular 25c 20c
French and Italian Olive Oils
our direct importation, really
good— fine for salads, pure
regular $1 90 gallon.. gal %\ 60
regular jl 00 y, gallon . . % gal 85c
Corina, a new cigar
just arrived fresh from the fac-
tory at Tampa, Florida, two big
ones at $12 00 one medium at
fIOOO and one at $7 00 smaller.
all less 10 per cent for the three
days to introduce this excellent
brand.
Candies every day . ; 35c
Saturday afternoon^ JJOc
Champagne
pints alllinds $1 50
Catalogue
432 Pine Telephone Main l
215 Sorter « Wain ill
2800 California " West 101
1075 Clay, Oakland " Main 1
"ONE YEAR BORROWS ANOTHER YEAR'S FOOL"
YOU DIDN'T USE
SAPOLIO
LAST YEAR. PERHAPS YOU WILL NOT THIS YEAR.
BUTTER!
BEST CREAMERY,
35c per Square
30c per Roll
ROBINSON KNQX,
1 928 and 1 930 Market St.
900-906 Talencia St., Corner 20th.
Monday, Tnesdayi Wednesday
<
Signature is printed la '^U
BLUE diagonally J|F
across the fK : \aMJ* £
OUTSIDE) : /l jrX
wrapper/ • M g/* > /^,
1/j / of every
/U / bottle of
t T tit ■ '*/■ ' (the Orl * !nal
yl ;^l' jjJ / , and Genuine)
//I HS^l/ (Wwcwterahlro
SAUCE
Aa a farther protection against
all imitations, .—
'! . r Agents for the United State* x
JOHN DUNCAN'S 50N5. N^ y!
4E4RNYS\
TBTHEVERYBEST QKJB TO KXAMIXEVOCR
X «yea and Ut them to Spectacle* or Eye^lasaai
with loatrumeuu of hU ovra lavenUon. vraou
•nperlorny has not beon equaled. Uy *4oo«m
(ie«ndu« to the merits of luy wort. -* • —••«•
Olllce Hours— l 2 io i f. m. -
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLKS H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-ATV
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Markn.t pdiS
■tte Palace Hotel. Residence. 1820 Fell §t ti JK
' phone 679. Besidence talcphoac, "Pin* 26«1.»