VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 120.
SLIDES SAFELY
INTO THE RIVER.
Successful Launching of
the Big Battle-Ship
lowa.
CHRISTENED WITH WINE
Governor Drake's Daughter
Breaks the Bottle and Names
the Sea Monster.
MIGHTY DIN ON THE DELAWARE
Distinguished Persons Join the
Screeching of Whistles With a
Chorus of Cheers.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 28.— The
big battle-ship lowa slipped from her
cradle into the waters of the Delaware
shortly after 1 o'clock this afternoon, to the
accompaniment of cheer? from thousand?
of tnroat? and the indescribable din of
hundreds of whistles. The launching was
a success in every respect, and Mis? Mary
Lord Drake, the daughter of lowa's Gov
ernor christened the new monster "lowa."
The launching was witnessed by a dis
tinguished representation from the Hawk
eye State, headed by Governor Drake and
Secretary Herbert of the navy, lowa's
Congressional delegation, the members of
the House of Representatives Naval Com
mittee, several members of the Senate
Naval Committee and the principal heads
of the different navy bureaus.
;* Besides the party gathered upon the
christening stand the yard was opened to
the public, and thousands of people wit
nessed the event from various points of
vantage. The weather was delightfully
warm and bright.
The lowa representatives arrived here yes
terday afternoon. The party consisted of
Governor F. If. Drake, Secretary of State W.
M. McFarland, State Auditor C. G. Mc-
Carthy, State Treasurer John Herriott,
Colonel Joseph McGarraugh, Colonel B.
C. Glassey, Colonel J. R. burning, Colonel
F. C. Letts, Colonel George Bogart, Colonel
C. F. McCarty, Colon»l L. ~M. Martin,
Colonel C. G. Saunders. Colonel H. O.
Weaver, Colonel W. A. McArthur, Colonel
£'. E. Drake, son of the Governor, and
Colonel W. H. HutUg, composing th« Gov
ernor' « staff.
With the party were the following ladles :
Miss Drake, Mrs. M. D. Siiouts. Mrs. E. D.
Grace, Mrs. J. R. Ni mint-. Mis? Mary Car
penter. Mrs. McFarland, Mrs. Robert Rae,
Mrs. John A. Drake. Mrs. F. E. Drake,
Miss Clarisse McCarthy. Besides the fore
going, the party was completed by the fol
lowing invited guests: Hon. L. A. Ellis,
Hon. E. G. Penrose, Cyrenus* Cole, Hon.
.W. EL Boyer, Colonel Robert Rae, Captain
J. F. Merry, Captain John F. Drake,
Coldnel T. B. Shouts, J. A. Mills and L.
Shearman.
The lowans were driven from their hotel
to the shipyard and were early on hand.
There they were met by Messrs. Charles
H. Cramp and Henry W. Cramp, respect
ively president and treasurer of the com
pany. The Governor and Miss Drake and
Miss Carpenter were escorted to a small
inclosed space directly beneath the bows
of the ship. The towering sides of the
red and white painted hull rose many feet
in the air above their heads and the mass
of dead weight of iron and steel would be
come in time a floating fortress bearing
upon its decks tbe heaviest of guns and
thousand? of tons of armor and machin-
;ry.
After escorting the lowans to the plat- j
farm Charles Cramp returned to the
railroad siding running along the yard
md In a few moments a special train hav
ing on board the party from Washington
: teamed up. In all about 300 people came !
rrom the capital to the launch. After
Secretary Herbert and the party had dis
;mbarked they were taken to the christen
ing platform and the Secretary and mem
bers of the two naval Congressional com
mittees were given good positions close to
Miss Drake.
When Miss Drake had arrived at the
jrards Henry Cramp had presented her
with a bunch of beautiful roses, but up to
this time he had borne beneath his arm a
pasteboard box. To all the old launcn
zoers present the pasteboard box was an
jvidence that something more sparkling
:nan lowa water would baptize the vessel.
I'resently Mr. Cramp opened the box and
Drought forth a pint bottle of chamuagne
md presented it to Miss Dratfe. The bot
tle was encased in a gold netting and from
:he neck depended a long streamer of rib
bon, on which was painted in gold
•Cramps' Shipyard, March 28, 1896." On
the other side of the ribbon, in similar
etters. was painted "Launch of United
States Battle-ship lowa.'" On the side of
the bottle was a silk label, on which was
a. beautifully painted picture of the lowa
as sue will appear when completed. It
was with this bottle of champagne that
Miss Drake christened the vessel, and she
subsequently bore away iU shattered frag
ments as a souvenir.
A few minutes before 1 o'clock the con
fusion of sounds that had been arising
irom beneath the keel of the vessel ceased.
Then a period of comparative silence
and anticipation ensued. Henry Cramp,
as he has done on many other similar oc
croons, recited his last admonitions to
: >rake as to the best means of shat
tering the bottle upon the ship. Then the
peculiar hisaing sound made by a saw cut
.': .'_' through wood came up from near the
ground, and in a brief space the shoe
piece was cut throuch and the big hull
started down toward the river. As it be
gan to move at 1:14 o'clock Miss Drake
• the bottle by the streamers, and as
n crashed against tbe keel and the
<:barapagne spattered the side she ex
ciained: "I christen thee Iowa!"
The hull Flipped smoothly and gently
into the river, and as it floated out with
a :> c.e n keel the big siren whistle of the
Mas&acnusetts was turned loose and made
& scene that was exceedingly effective.
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 29, 1896-TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
\ But still more trying on the eardrums of
| every one in the vicinity, tugs screeched
| and whistled and people cheered, and
' those on the christening stand congratu
j lated each other on the success of the
| launch.
The men aboard the lowa let go two
bow anchors when the momentum she
had received in the passage down tbe
i ways died away and brought her up head
down the stream.
After the launch a luncheon was servad
in the mold-loft. There was no speecn
making, as the crowd in the room where
the lunch was served was so great that the
formalities had to be abandoned. After
the luncheon the Washington party re
turned to the capital in their special train.
GREATEST IX THE XAVI.
The fourth Battleship to Be Owned by
the United States.
The lowa, the keel of which was laid
two and a half years ago, is the fourth
battleship to be owned by the United
States.
She has been constructed for sea pur
poses, the first three built— the Indiana,
Massachusetts and Oregon — being coast
battleships. The lowa is of 1000 tons
greater displacement than her sister ships,
and several feet longer and broader. The
hull is of steel, with a double bottom and
close water-tight subdivision to ten feet
above the water line. Her battery is to
consist of four 12-inch, eight 8-inch and six
4-inch breech-loading rifles, 26 pounders,
four 1 pounders, four Gatlines and one
field gun.
Compared with the Indiana the lowa
has greater length, greater breadth, in
creased length of outer line belt and
greater coal endurance and speed, to
gether with the ability to work the forward
twelve-inch guns in almost any condition
of sea. The magnificent electric lighting
plant, weighing forty-five tons, will afford
means to discover the enemy or guard
against the attack of torpedo-boats. She
will require a complement of nearly 500
men, or greater than that of any preceding
warship of the new navy.
The lowa is constructed under the act of
July 19, 1892. which made provision for one
seagoing battle-ship of about 9000 ton*
displacement, to cost, exclusive of arma
ment and speed premium, not more than
$4,000,000. The details of the construction
have been in the hands of Chief Con
structor Wilson and Engineering Chief
Melville, the famous Arctic explorer.
Excepting her armor, the lowa is a cun
ning structural evolution of steel plates
ana angles, in all the delusive lightness of
white paint. She is 360 leet long and 72
feet wide, drawing 24 feet of water. Her
FLE-A-TOY FOR THE TIVA LS.
j weight is 11.410 tons, 3110 of which is wisely
! distributed in the shape of armor protec
tion, varying in thickness from 14 inches
: along the water line and sides, s}^' and 16
i around the guns, 2% and 3 over the vitals—
| as the engines, boilers and magazines are
! called — to 10 about the fighting position or
! conning tower, just above and abart the
i forward large turret.
The lowa carries but eighteen guns; but
such guns ! Four of them, in the two large
turrets, peering out through 15-inch walls
of hardened steel, proof aeainst the sharp
est drills, are 12-inch breach-loading rifles,
firing a combined mass of 3400 pounds of
tempered steel. From the four smaller
turrets, each of which houses two 8-inch
The lowa, Greatest of America's Battle-Ships, Successfully Launched at the Cramps* Shipyards at
Philadelphia.
I rifle?, can be discharged shells of 250
; pounds each, capable of penetrating eight
! inches of steel two miles away,
; with a possible range of one mile for every
j inch of caliber. From any one of the
I lowa's five tubes a torpedo can be dis
charged bearing 120 pounds of guncotton
! and speeding on its errand of demolition
at the rate of tliirty miles an hour. No
ship, past or present, could withstand that
j blow if fairly struck.
Away beneath the water, the protective
deck of steel and many feet of coal, thirty
two roaring furnaces will develop in those
five ponderous boilers a constant pressure
of 160 pounds to the square inch. Two
separate triple-expansion engines, one on
j each shaft, will constitute the motive
i mechanisms of the ship, while auxiliary
i engines for a hundred purposes will reduce
i the tax upon the crew and add to the etti
j ciency of the craft by lilting and lowering
i the boats and the stores, raising the
anchors, loading the coal, discharging the
j ashe«, pumping and draining the various
I compartments, bringing the shot, shell
j and powder from the storerooms and
] magazines to the gun stations and turning
i the turrets; and, but for the guiding
I hand, manual labor is practically needless.
The captain no longer stands the inspir
j ing center of his officers and an animating
i example for his crew, but is housed within
the shelter of his conning tower of ten
inch steel. Step within this citadel and
there upon its curved walls are speaking
tubes, mechanical telegraphs, electric but
tons and a steering gear, all leading below
through an armored tube on their several
missions of communication and control.
A pressure on one of these tiny buttons
will start a mass of steel and powder from
those mighty guns, or, perhaps, let loose
a destructive torpedo ou a silent errand of
death; or, again, at a signal, the massive
machinery will bejjin to turn and pres
ently, when the great engines have reached
a maximum of 112 revolutions a minute
and churn, with the two sixteen-foot
screws, the water aft with an energy of
11,000-borsepower the great ship, a mass of
11,410 tons, will force herself and an equal
bulk of water at the rate of sixteen knots
an hour. To stand in her way and stop
her then means to take a blow of 130,000
foot tons from her murderous ram, before
which the toughest armor must bend like
meadow grass in a summer storm.
With her bunkers filled with 1800 tons of
coal she could steam at a ten-knot rate for
thirty-one days and cover a distance of
7000 miles, and at full speed would have a
radius of action of 3000 knots in six days'
time. ______________
UNCLE SAM'S TREASURE MOVED.
Men With Guns Guard the Money During
the Transfer of Sixteen Mil/ion
Dollars.
CHICAGO, 111., March 28.— This was
the most important of the moving days
for Uncle Sam at the crumbling pile
known as the Government building, $16,-'
500,000 in gold, silver and copper beiug
safely transferred from the old sub-treas
ury vaults by an express company to the
second floor of the Rand-McNally build
ing, where the sub-treasury will be located
until the $4,000,000 Federal building is
completed. The treasure weighed over
111 tons. Officials of the treasury counted
and placed the coin in sacks and packages,
which were passed along a line of men
guarded with guns to the iron safes of the
express company in the wagons at the
street door. Four wagons were kept going
back and forth all day.
In Greater Xeu> York.
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 28.— Dr.
Roger S. Tracy, Registrar of Vital Sta
tistics, has made the following estimate of
the population of Greater New York:
Total population, 3,195,059; population of
New York, 1,916,695; Brooklyn and Kings
County. 1,105,000; Long Island City, 42,
--578; Newtown, 24,557; Flushing, 22.49H;
Jamaica, 17,765; Richmond County, 57,
--968; part of Hempstead, 8000.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NATIVE POLICE
JOIN THE REVOLT
Many Murders of Whites
of the Most Fiendish
Character.
MATABELES ALSO SLAIN".
Encounter With British Troops
in Which the Blacks
Are Routed.
LOBENGULA'S SON A LEADER.
Meanwhile the Boer Government Is
Secretly Preparing to Re
sist England.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, MaroU
28. — A dispatch from iiuluwayo under yes«
terday's date presents the situation as be
ing of the gravest character.
A thousand women and children burned
a store forty miles ont from Buluwayo on
Thursday and performed a dance around
the flames.
Many murders of whites of the most
fiendish character are reported. It is
learned that the native police induced the
Matabeles to revolt and joined them with.
7.50 rifles and a large quantity of ammuni
tion.
A force of British troops under command
of Captain Spreckeys defeated a large body
of Matabeles on Thursday, killing a large
number of them, 'fhe British force los
no men.
LONDON, Em, March 28.— Sir Hercules
Robinson, Governor of the Cape Colony,
has telegraphed to the Colonial Office that
the reports of the murder of the police in
spector, Jackson, and the desertion of the
native police to the Matabeles is con
firmed. The native police took their
Martini rifles with them. The dispatch
states that Mabel, son of the late Matabele
King, Lobengula, who was banished in
1895, has returned to Matabeleiand, and
that he incited the uprising.
KRZJGER JbORMS ALLIASCES.
The English Will Sot Conquer the Trana»
vaal With Kane.
LONDON, Exg., March 28.— The situa
tion in South Africa is decidedly serious,
though the Government has not yet
abandoned hope of an amicable adjust
ment. President Kruger has notified
Chamberlain that he cannot visit London
until the Volksraad meets in April, and
then only if England will consent to
recognize the independence of the Trans
vaal:
In the meantime Kruger has formed
alliances in South Africa, so that if war
comes it will be war with England on one
side and all the Dutch population on tha
other— a war that will need for its sup
pression more than the 20,000 that Eng
land is reported to be ready to send there.
It is not known accurately at the War
Office what the strength of the Boer forces
alone is that is now ready to take the
field. The representative of The United
Press learns from an official source that
within three months 2500 Germans ars
estimated to have entered the Transvaal
as immigrants, and these are known to bo
obtaining Transvaal money. The force of
Zulus, trained and commanded by Boer
and German officers, is estimated to num«
ber 60,000. Though their tribal fidelity to
the Boers is doubtful, they can be trusted
to hght against the British.
Viewing the whole situation, including
NEW TODAY. .
DISFIGURING
/^^HUMOURS
w_W/.i **s^r on in
yqj \ ¥ SllflP >
Cuticura Soap purifies and beautifies
the skin, scalp, and hair by restoring to
healthy activity the Clogged. Inflamed,
Irritated, Sluggish, or Overworked
Pores.
Bold throughout the world. Britinh drpoti T. N*ww
BIRT * Bom, 1. King Kdwtrd-«t., London. Poti»»
Sbi-G * C II Eli. Co El-., Sole Prop*., Boston, U. S. A.
LEYIMSS
&eo§
COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS
spmXttom
SPRING BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED;
f OR SALE EVERYWHERE.2
the troubles in Egypt and elsewhere, the
English people are not likely to approve
the gigantic task of conquering the Trans
vaal, yet they must face that or the alter
native of a declaration of independence
from the Transvaal, the Orange Free State
and probably Cape Colony, which would
form the United States of South Africa.
The most serious news yet received from
Rhodesia is that which came to hand this
evening, raying that the native police
had Joined the uprising. This puts an en
tirely different face upon the affair, and
the. suppression of the trouble, which at
o firstpromised to be an easy matter, now
-. threatens to be a somewhat large under
taking. The main anxiety of the authori
ties here was centered hi ttie conduct of
this force.
Though it is only 350 strong it will be a
powerful factor in spreading the revolt.
The natives who served as police were re
cruited from the crack regiments of the
old Matabele Kingdom. They are well
trained, well armed and command a copi
ous supply of ammunition. Altogether
the outlook is in no wise as favorable as it
_ was yesterday for the speedy putting
" down of the revolt. The Globe, comment
ing this afternoon on the subject, says that
the fever of revolt is likely to spread to the
tribes beyond Matabeleland, including the
Zulus in the Transvaal, who, it was sup
posed, would fight with the Boers in event
of hostilities with the British.
= Inquiries made at the War Office as to the
strength of the British troops within* range
of the revolt only resulted in making evi
dent the official confusion on the subject.
Two companies of the Black Watch Regi
ment are stationed at Mafeking, on the
Transvaal border, and these are the only
troops who are known to be in .Rhodesia.
The paper says that Sir Hercules Robin
son, Governor of Cape Colony and High
Chief in South Africa, has strengthened
the troops in Rhodesia recently, but there
• are no official advices to that effect. The
truth 6eems to be that Governor Robinson
has not sent any troops into that country.
To-day's advices confirm the importance
of the Dutch agitation for the independ
ence of South Africa. A letter received
here from a member of the Cape Parlia
ment says the English and Dutch political
leaders concur in the belief that tne posi
tion never was so threatening in the Trans
vaal. The heads of the movement are first
amply providing for their own safety
against a British attack. Many newcom
ers who are seen in Pretoria are known to
be German soldiers. They look to be
ready to jostle the English off the side
walk. Every steamer calling at Cape
Town, Durban and Port Elizabeth brings
.groups of so-called prospectors, who are
unable to conceal the stamp of the dis
ciplined soldier who is still uuder military
command.
Besides the Germans, the Boers are re
cruiting a foreign legion. The letter con
cludes with the statement that everybody
knows that there is war ahead and that
plenty of British and Dutch blood will be
shed ere the summer's grapes ripen.
The Liberal papers profess to be satisfied
with the results of the conference of the
National Liberal Federation held this?
week at Huddersfield. In the foyer of the
National Liberal Club the members who
have returned to London do not conceal
their disappointment. Impartial opinion
cau only describe the conference as the
mo^t .-tolid and mechanical party gather
ing that was ever held in England. The
speedier utterly lacked personal inspira
tion and were kept within the lines dic
tated by the wire-pullers. Depression
dominated ali the delegates.
Humors of a Defeat.
CAIRO, EoTR, March 28.— 1t is rumored
that the Egyptian advance guard of the
Soudan expedition has been defeated by
the dervishes near Akasheh with a lOS 3 of
forty- three kiiled and wounded.
PACIFIC ROADS' DEBTS.
The Joint Committee Is Working
Hard to Find a Way to
Settle Them.
Will Probably Report a Funding Bill
Similar to the Smith-Frye
Measure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 28.— The
joint committee of the Senate and House
is laboring industriously to reach a settle
ment of the Pacific roads debts problem.
They held another meeting to-day, with
all the members present except Suizer.
Chairman Powers of the House commit
tee said to The Call correspondent to
night: "At our meeting to-day we had
only an informal discussion in order to
get the views of individual members, but
reached no conclusion. No bill has yet
been prepared by our committee, nor have
we yet entered upon that work. Ido not
anticipate that we will have any difficulty
in reaching an agreement. The Call
statement that it has been decided by the
managers in the Senate and House to take
up the Pacific roads resolution and dispose
of it at this session of Congress is correct,
and we hope to have the matter settled
before Congress adjourn 3."
The Call correspondent, from talks had
with individual members of the Pacific
Roads Committee of both Senate and
House, reiterates the opinion heretofore ex
pressed that the bill reported will be prac
tically a funding bill drawn on the lines of
the Srcith-Frye bill. There is a disposi
tion manifest, however, to limit the time
to seventy-five years. The Reilly bill ex
tended the debt for fifty years and the
Frye-Smith measure for 100 years. It
seems probable that as a compromise the
time will be fixed at some point between
these figures. John Boyd, Huntington's
jighthand man, said to The Call corre
spondent that he believed tbe time would
be fixed at from sixty to seventy-five years,
with interest at 2 per cent.
OKLAHOMA. REPUBLICANS.
Their Convention Hat Controlled by the
Head en.
OKLAHOMA, 0. T., March 28.-The
Republican Territorial- Convention to-day
selected the following delegates to St.
Louis: O. A. Mitscher of Oklahoma, D.
A. Dille of Canadian County, Charles Day
of Kentucky County, Henry E. Asp of
Lo?an County, J. C. Roberts of Kings
fisher, J. A. Buckles of Gar Geld.
Although the delegates were unin
structed, the Reed machine controlled the
convention. On the financial question the
resolutions declare: "We contend for
honest money, for a currency of gold, sil
ver and paper with which to measure out
exchange that shall be as sound as the
Government and as untarnished as its
honor and to that end we favor' bimetal
lism and demand the use of both gold and
silver as standard money under proper re-
Btriciions."
Treasury Hold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 28.— The
Treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day btood at $128,437,527. The
withdrawals for the day were $37,900.
HOHENLOHE MAY
SOON RETIRE.
Growing Discontent of the
Noted German Chan
cellor.
OPPOSED BY .WILLIAM.
The Prince Expected to Give Up
His Office About Next
Autumn.
POLITICS IN THE FATHERLAND
There Promises to Be a Struggle in
the Reichstag Over Civil Code
Amendments.
BERLIN, Germany, March 23.— Prince
Hohenlohe's discontent with his relations
with the Kaiser are reported to have been
expressed by him in the course of a con
versation with Herr Kickert, the leader of
the Radical Unionist party in the Reich
stag, at a recent banquet, when the Chan
cellor said that lie found increasing diffi
culty in getting the Emperor to approve
his line of action. Continuing, the Chan
cellor is reported to have told Herr Rick
ert that he did .not think he would be able
to retain office after autumn.
The .Berlin representative of the United
Press sought Herr Rkkert after hearing
this report and asked him in regard to it.
Herr Rickert denied that the report was
exactly accurate, but cautiously admitted
that it had the basis of truth.
'•Why,'' he said to the reporter, "men
tion autumn as the date of his retirement?
Prince Hohenlohe did not refer to autumn
at all."
The reporter suggested that the Chan
cellor might have suggested an earlier
period, but Herr Rickert maintained
reticence in regard to the matter, particu
larly as to the points in dispute between
the Emperor and the Chancellor, and, ex
cept to say that it would surprise no one
in political circles if the Chancellor should
resign immediately after the Emperor re
turned from his present tour, he would
tais no further on the subject.
Herr Rickert, alluding to the civil code
as the leading question before the Reich
stag, expressed himself as confident that
part of the code would be passed at the
present session of the Reichstag. The
coalition of the Centrists and Orthodox
Protestants, with the object of eliminating
from the code tfce civil marriage clause,
he did not think would be successful.
The reactionist proposals would not suc
ceed in getting a majority, and the Gov
ernment would not accept the amend
ments of the clericals. This is also the
course of opinion outside of Herr Rickert's
group. The Government in the meantime
will adhere firmly to the compulsory civil
marriage clause, but the Conservative mo
tion in favor of optional civil marriages
obtains many unexpected adherents and
may become the basis of a compromise.
The results of Germany's support of
England in Egypt as affecting the relations
between Russia and Germany are greatly
exercising the Bismarckian advocates of a
closer entente with Russia.
The Neuste Nachrichten expresses fear
that the attitude of Germany will lead to
a revival of the ill will of Russia toward
Germany and urges the Government to
take diplomatic measures to suppress the
Russian suspicions that Germany is sup
porting Great Britain, The paper adds:
"Germany ought to consistently follow
the German policy of consulting only Ger
man interest?, which are opposed to any
kind of conflict with Russia which is as
sociated with British interests."
The semi-official newspapers, on the
other hand, exercise great care in combat
ing the idea that Germany's action in
Egypt will involve a conflict with Russia.
The Hamburger Correspondenz says:
"Germany has supported England in
Egypt because her own interests are not
touched in doing so. Italy is likely to
reap the benefit of the Dongola expedition,
but will not interfere where German in
terests might be injuriously affected or the
peaceful aims of the Dreibund are injured."
The programme of the Kaiser's move
ments during the next month shows that
he will leave Italy for Vienna on A, Al 13,
and on At>ril 15 will go to Karlsruhe for a
season of woodcock shooting, remaining
there until April 19, wben he will go to
Coburg to be present at tne marriage of
the Princess Alexandra of Saxe-Coburg to
Prince Ernst of Hohenlohe-Langenburg,
which will take place April 20.
On April 22 he expects to go shooting
with the Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar at
Wartburg and thence to Schlitz as the
guest of Count Goertz, where he will aeain
indulge in woodcock-shootine. His
Majesty will return to Berlin on May 1
and open the industrial Art Exhibition
on that day, and on May 2 he will open
the International Art Exhibition. On
May 10 the Kaiser, together with all of the
German sovereigns, will unveil at Frank
fort a monument to the memory of his
grandfather, Emperor William I.
J. B. Jackson, United States Charge
d'Affaires, dined at Potsdam on Thurs
day as thefguest of the Hereditary Prince
of Hohenzollern.
The statement was made in the Chicago
newspapers recently that Baron yon Der
Recke yon der Horst, Prussian Minister
of the Interior, had declared that Amer
ican insurance companies would soon be
readmitted to Prussia. This statement
■was wholly unfounded. The Minister of
the Interior, in response to inquiries,
states that ne has not yet received the re
ports of the subordinate councillor on the
merits of the question, and therefore has
not been able to give the matter considera
tion.
The Reicbsauzeiger publishes a decree
which affects the importation of . Amer
ican horses into Germany. During the
past year the practice has grown of im
porting horses into Germany from the
United States by the way of Holland.
Tne decree declares that all horses so
imported must be accompanied by a de
tailed pedigree and have the vise of a
Prussian veterinary surgeon and the per
mit of the district Governor.
Mr. Uhl cannot in consequence of the
Emperor's movements be presented to the
Kaiser before May 1, if he can then. Ac
cording to diplomatic rule Mr. Uhl can
not sign passports and other documents
in an official capacity until he has been
presented to the Emperor, though he may
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1898.
otherwise perform the functions of an
Embassador.
Freiherr Marschall yon Bieberstein,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, is likely to
strain a point, however, and hold that Mr.
Uhl's signature is valid before his presen
tation to the Kaiser.
HAJtJtl'l'T HAS MOPES.
Believes the Democrats Still Have a
Chance in the Coining Campaign.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 27.— A spe
cial to the Times from Washington says:
Chairman Harrity of the Democratic Na
tional Committee reached Washington
last night. He discussed National politics
in a way that conveyed his opinion that
the chances of the Democratic party in the
coming struggle are much better than the
Republicans are incliued to admit. He
thinks that the Democrats will nominate a
sound money man for President on a sound
money platform. He is not sure that this
course will be followed by'the Republicans
at St. Louis. It is significant to him that
the free silver Republicans appear to be
satisfied with the candidacy of McKinley,
and while be is by no means certain that
McKinley will be the Republican nominee,
it appears to him that if the Ohio man is
successful at St. Louis the sound money
men of the country will not turn to him.
The business interest, Mr. Harrity
thinks, will support the party and candi
date whose position on the currency ques
tion cannot be made a matter of dispute.
Pennsylvania, he said, will present the
name of ex-Goverr.or Pattiaon, and stand
by him as long as there shall seem to be
a possibility of his receiving the nomina
tion. Mr. Harrity will be very much sur
prised, he says, if the silver Democrats
bolt as a consequence of being defeated in
the convention. He sees increasing signs
that a sound money sentiment is growing
in the country, and apparently believes
that the Democrats who favor a strong
financial plank in the platform will have
little difficulty in carrying their point.
CUSTOMS INSTRUCTIONS.
Collectors' and Appraisers' Duties
Defined by the Treasury
Department.
To Remedy Perplexities That Are En
countered by Officials in the
Service.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 28.— The
Treasury Department has issued these in
structions to customs officers:
"As some perplexity appears to exist
among appraising and classifying officers
of customs as to the efiect of decisions ren
dered by the United States General Ap
praisers the department now instructs
such officers that appraisements of values
made by thg board under section 13 of the
act of June 10, 1890, are final and conclu
sive as to such values, and appraisers
should always be governed thereby in all
cases.
"Whenever a decision has been made by
the board under section 14 of the above
act in regard to the classification of any
kind of merchandise and no appeal has
been taken to the courts within the pre
scribed period under section 15 of the said
act, such decision will govern the liquida
tion of the particular case which was the
subject of the decision. In the absence of
such appeal and of contrary instructions
all similar goods will be treated in liqui
dation in accordance will the classification
established by the board. Should appeal be
taken by the Government against such de
cisions the classification will continue to
be made by Collectors in accordance with
that which was the subject of protest by
the importer.
"Due notice will be given of every appeal
and Collectors will thereafter be guided by
the judgment of the court.
"Whenever a protest has been filed
against the Collector's action and the final
decision of the court shall be in favor of
the claim made by the importer upon any
contention regarding the revenue laws,
reliquidation of the entries thereby af
fected will be made and duties wrongfully
exacted, if any, will be refunded, as pro
vided by existing regulations. While the
decisions of the board do not under the
law control any case except that which
was under review by the board, a proper
uniformity of procedure will be best pro
moted by the rules set forth above."
The department instructs Collectors that
no application to the courts for review
shall be made by them, except by the ex
pressed approval of the department.
•
OF GENERAL. COAST INTEREST.
Orders Issued Relating to the Reorganiza
tion of the Alaska Customs
Districts.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 28.— The
Treasury Department has promulgated
the following act of Congress, approved
March 16, and all customs officers are di
rected to observe it:
"The customs collection district of
Alaska is reorganized and established to
comprise ihe Territory of Alaska, in which
Sitka shall be the port of entrj*.
"Such other places as may be designated
by the Secretary of the Treasury, as the in
terests of commerce may require, shall be
sub- ports of entry or delivery or both, and
customs officers phall be stationed at such
sub-ports with authority to enter and clear
vessels, receive duties, fees and other
moneys, and perform such other services
and receive such compensation as in the
judgment of the Secretary the exigencies
of commerce may require.
The remains of Samuel B. Solomon are
now lying at Wright's undertaking estab
lishment, and will be shipped to San Fran
cisco to-morrow.
Representative Maguire has been in
vited by the National Law School ot the
District of Columbia to deliver an address
at the graduating exercises of the school
in June.
Pensions have been granted as follows :
California: Original — Ebenezer Davis, Vet
erans' Home, Napa. Increase— Charles
Bundshee, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Oregon : Original widow— Elmira Foster,
Portland.
The Chinese Minister, Mr. Yang, is
about to bid adieu to this country for an
other spell, as he will go down to Peru, to
which country he is also the accredited
Minister. During his absence Mrs. Yang
will remain here.
A postoffice was to-day established at
Dobson, Tehama County. Cal. (special
from Hunters), and Malinda Dobson ap
pointed postmistress.
The postoffioe at Hardenburg, Amador
County. Cal., has been discontinued (mail
herealter to Jackson).
An International Detective Agency.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 28.— Ex-
Chief of Police Byrnes has rented offices in
the Wall-street district and will establish
a detective bureau of international scope.
He will have agents and correspondents in
all the principal cities.
May Folloic Ilia Friend Bill Ai/f.
INDIANAPOLIS, In, March 28.—
James Whitcomb Riley was prostrated
yesterday by an acute attack of brain
fever. There is now a reasonably fair
chance of recovery.
HAWAII AND THE
WINE PRODUCERS
False Rumors of Increased
Duties Excite the Cali
fornians.
PORTUGUESE AND JAPS.
A Demonstration That Aroused
the Hostility of the Sugar
Planters.
DISGRACEFUL FLAG INCIDENT.
Stars and Stripes Soaked in Beer and
Trampled During a Midnight
Debauch.
HONOLULU. Hawaii, March 21.—Re
ferring to the excitement among Califor
nia wine-producera which was caused by a
reported intention to increase the Ha
waiian duties on California wines, Finance
Minister Damon on the 17tb in the Senate
put an end to the cause of the California
agitation by declaring: "There is abso
lutely no foundation for the report that
this Government has in contemplation
any advance in the duty on any American
products whatever."
The Portuguese residents in Honolulu
on the 18th celebrated a recent Portueuese
victory over blacks in South Africa by
mass at the cathedral and a procession
through the streets. The Independent
printed an incendiary article- declaring
the procession to be a hostile demonstra
tion against the Government. There ap
pears to be no truth in this.
The; Portuguese as a class are cordial
supporters of the Government. They
doubtless intended to assert their own
importance in opposition to the continued
Japanese immigration fostered by the
sugar-planters, which is extremely un
favorable to Portuguese laborers and me
chanics.
An act for the universal registration of
all persous in Hawaii, which is especially
intended to facilitate control of Asiatic
immigrants, is meeting unexpected opposi
tion from Minister Damon as being op
pressive and unfit for a free country.
Attorney-General Smith strongly sup
ported it. The measure is a popular one
with whites and natives.
Julien D. Hayne appeared in the Police
Court yesterday, charged with being a
common nuisanceand obscene and slander
ous publication in his magazine, The Ha
waiian. His counsel obtained a week's
postponement of the case.
U A. Thurston, in a public address, de
precated all action for either opium license
or liquor reform as tending to a division of
the Government supporters until after an
nexation is secured.
OLD OLOttT nil. H M. ,-KIK
Soaked in Beer by Booty American
Youngsters.
HAWAII, Honolulu, March 27.—Al
though the incident happened as far back
as Tuesday, March 3, Honolulu has not yet
tired of gossiping over an insult to the
stars and stripes, in which several officers
of the United States army and navy were
mixed up in anything but an enviable
way. The affair happened at the Hotel
Richelieu, where three young American
tourists with more means than sense have
been staying, and in the room occupied by
them. Their names were Porter, Parker
and Barnsal, and they are described as
three unripe young Americans, who gained
their first notoriety in Honolulu by parad
ing the city in an elaborately decorated
wagonette on Washington's birthday.
On the occasion in question, which was
quite late in the evening, these young
bloods were having a little ''do" in their
rooms and the guests included Dr. Mur
ray, Bert Peterson, Dr. C. B. Cooper and
Captain Broome of this city, the latter be
ing a member of the National Guard of
Hawaii and on the staff of President
Dole; Lieutenant Lissak, U. S. A., who
came down with General Warfield's party :
Lieutenant Elliott, U. S. N., and Past
Assistant Surgeon Hibbett, U. S. N., both
of the Bennington, and Messrs. Hackett
and Grear, tourists, of Oakland, Cal.
The party were having an exceedingly
good time, and during a lull in the festivi
ties very small American flags were
handed out for the coat lapels. Dr. Mur
ray, who is a Canadian, and one or two
others declined the decoration. Nothing
was said of this. The room was not large
and was very crowded. Dr. Cooper and
Bert Peterson stretched out on one of the
beds and two others on the second bed.
A number stood, some about a table.
Porter went out after refreshments.
The story is that at this juncture Dr.
Murray, at least in plain sight of Elliott,
Lissak and Broome and perhaps of one or
two others, took one of the American flags
from the table, dropped it on the floor,
ground his heel into it and jumped upon
it. Why he did this no one undertakes to
explain. Those who were not under direct
obligation to resent the affront waited for
Elliott and Lissak to say something.
Elliott muttered some curses which were
indistinctly heard, and later, it is said, he
remarked to Dr. Murray that no further
insult to the American flag would be per
mitted. There was a coolness imme
diately, and considerable undertone com
ment, but the party did not break up for
three-quarters of an hour.
A continuation of the story is that an in
vitation to breakfast aboard the Benning
ton for the next morning was withdrawn
in a note to Dr. Murray, and that the lat
ter before leaving town for a circuit of the
island addressed an explanatory letter to
Ensign Blue of the Bennington.
The above account is the only one that
has been published, and as it has met with
no denial may be presumed to be substan
tially correct. Dr. Cooper in a short pub
lished card the next day after the affair
was made public said that his being there
was accidental, but made no statement as
to the flag incident. The three Americans
in whose room the affair happened have
left the country, as have the Benningtou
officers and Lieutenant Lissak, U. 8. A.,
and Captain Broome of our own National
Guard is now in San Francisco.
Dr. Murray has declined to be inter
viewed on the affair, but your correspond
ent is enabled to give his version of it. He
says that being a Canadian he courteously
but firmly declined to wear tbe flag, when
one member of the party proposed to pin
it on his coat by force, which was do
sooner said than done.
The doctor was grabbed by three or
four of those present and one of the flags
was pinned to his lapel. As soon as he
ould recover the use of his arms the doc
tor tore the flag from its fastening and
threw it on the table. He positively de
nies throwing it on the ground or stamp
ing on it or offering any indignity to the
flag other than has been described.
In the scuffle considerable beer was
spilled, and just as he threw the little Hag
on the table some one knocked over
another glassful, which went over the tlag,
and it was then thrown on the floor, but
by whom Dr. Murray will not state. In
fact, he says he does not remember. Th©
Hag remained on the floor, soaked with
beer, in the presence of officers of tl|e
United States army and navy and a num
ber of United States citizens, an* in the
course of the three-quarters of an hour in
which the party were together after the
incident was probably unintentionally
trampled on by several of them.
To the Jocal press the only explanation
of the matter volunteered by Dr. Murray
is as follows: "I have no explanations .to
make. The twelve men in the room that
night did not take it np, and I do not see
why the community should do so."
Charles P. Bonsall, one of the three
hosts at the "affair of the flag," is very
much "cut up" over it. He did not see
the main incident — the trampling on the
banner. He says his attention was at
tracted when Lieutenant Elliott spoke
sharply to anticipate what he thought was
to be an affront to. the colors at and on the
table, and that a third party stepped be
tween Elliott and Dr. Murray.
Diright L. Wing Acquitted.
PARIS, France, March 28.— A verdict of
acquittal was to-day returned in the case
of Dwight L. Wing, the American who was
arrested about a year ago upon a charge of
having swindled "the Waeonlitz Company
of Paris. Wine was released shortly after
his ajrest on 5000 francs bail.
PREVENTED BY THE NURSE
Two Daring Attempts Made to
Kidnap the Son of Ralph
Modjeska.
Although Burned by Acid the Plucky
Maid Kept the Lad From Being
Carried Away.
CHICAGO, 111., March 23.— Twice with
in the last two weeks a young man, at
present unknown, Dut whom the police
expect to arrest soon, has made an at
tempt to kidnap Felix, the 8-year-old son
of Ralph Modjeska, son of the actress, in
the vicinity of the family's home on
Wrightwood avenue.
At the first attempt the nursemaid who
was in charge of the boy, taking him for
a walk, was badly burned with acid thrown
by the would-be kidnaper.
The suspected motive of the plotters has
not been made public owing to the illness
of Mme. Modjeeka, who, accompanied by
her husband, left for her California home
this week. The police are secretive about
the case.
The second attempt to abduct the child
occurred last Monday afternoon, and each
time the kidnaper seized and ran with
the child until compelled by the plucky,
screaming maid at his heels to let go and
escape.
There is to be an imposing christening
of a month-old baby in the Modjeska home
to-morrow, Mine. Calve, the prima donna,
acting as godmother and Jean de Reszke
as one of the attendants.
HISTORIC CHURCH BURNED.
Fifty Bui/dings Were Ablaze at One Time in
a High Wind at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., March 23.— The
Universalist church was burned this fore
noon. A gale of wind prevailed, and
sparks were carried a long distance. A
number of houses in the south end caught
fire, and a portion of the department had
to leave the church fire to save other build
ings. Between forty and fifty were on fire
at one time. Of this number the historic
Goodrich House, owned by Susan J. Went
worth, was destroweu. The church was
built in 1809, but had been remodeled
several times. The loss on other buildings
cannot at present be estimated. The bell
in the church was cast by Paul Revere of
Revolutionary fame, and weighed 2000
pounds.
Sensational Fire at tit. Paul.
ST. PAUL. Minx., March 28.— A fire
broke out this morning on the fifth floor
of the building at the corner of Seventh
and Cedar streets, occupied by Yerxa
Bros.' grocery-store. A number of persons
were asleep in that part of the building,
and as it \*as impossible to use the stairs,
they were brought down by the firemen on
ladders. The building was tilled with a
dense smoke, and all of the rescued
suffered greatly from inhaling it. One
woman was unconscious when taken out.
No lives were lost.
Went Virginia loxcn in I'ltnnea.
WESTON.W. Va., March 29.-A fire
broke out in the kitchen of the Commer
cial Hotel last night at 11 o'clock. It
spread rapidly until at this hour (2 a. m.)
nearly the entire business portion is de
stroyed and the lire is still burning fierce
ly. A high wind prevails. There is no
waterworks Or lire apparatus here. The
town is at the complete mercy of the
flames. At this hour there have' been no
fatalities.
Jiig Whitlcy Maze in Kentucky.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 28.— Two
warehouses of the Pleasure Ridge distil
lery, twelve miles below the city, were
burned shortly before noon to-day, entail
ing a loss of nearly a million. A million
two hundred thousand gallons of whisky
were stored on the premises. The insur
ance could not be learned.
Dry-Good* Store Consumed.
DENISON, Tex.. March 28.— The three
story brick building, corner of Main street
and Austin avenue, was destroyed by fire
a little before midnight. The building was
occupied by Starr &Grundstein, dry goods.
Loss on buiJding and stock, $100,000.
Loss $300,000 and 300 in en are Idle.
SCRANTON, Pa., March 28.— Breaker 4
and the adjoining building of the Johnson
Coal Company at Pryceburgr, six miles
from this city, was destroyed by fire about
10 o'clock to-nignt. Loss about $300,000.
Some 300 men are idle.
fifteen Horte* Perinh at Waterbury.
WATERBURY, Conn., March 28.— The
lumber section of Waterbury was burned
this morning. Loss, $200,000. Fifteen
horses were burned to death.
A $'iO,OOO Fire in an lowa Town.
DUBUQUE, lowa, March 28.— A fire at
Volga City this morning destroyed the
Stone block. Loss, $20,000.
Smith and Crisp Will Debate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 28.-Sec
retary Hoke Smith left to-night for points
in Georgia, where he will engage in joint
debate with ex-Speaker Crisp on the finan
cial question for the next fortnight.
GARCIA SAFE
ON CUBAN SOIL
Men and Arms Landed for
Insurgents From the
Bermuda.
TAKING THE OFFENSIVE
With the Additional War Ma
terial the Patriots Fight
Gallantly.
ONE "VICTORY" IS EXPLODED.
Laborers on a Plantation Taken After
Buildings Occupied by Women
Are Bombarded.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 27 (via Rey
"West, Fia., March 28).— Immediately after
the landing of the Bermuda expedition,
Maceo. Calixto Garcia, and other leaders,
with a long string of pack mules, moved
southwest in the direction of the capital of
Pinar del Rio province. Rumors have been
current here two days that the city has
been attacked and captured. It is impos
sible to obtain definite news, the wires
being down.
General Weyler has sent nine columns
of troops, about 40,000 men, in pursuit of
Maceo. Ihe latter has 12,000 men and the
arms, ammunition and rapid-rire guns
landed by the Bermuda. The Government
is still silent in regard to Maceo's where
abouts. Other sources place him in Santa
Clara province, which was entered by the
rebels to-day. No official report of the
result of the attack has yet been made.
During the week half a dozen important
towns and cities were attacked.
The insurgents have taKen the offensive
since the Garcia and Collazo expeditions
arrived. Weyler's recent order declaring
small bands of insurgents in Havana and
Pinar del Rio provinces bandits is de
nounced by the Cubans, who say it opens
the way to wholesale slaughter. The
three brother Ferrar, American citizens
and owners of the Estrella coffee planta
tion near Alquizar, have filed a protest
with the Consul-General stating their resi
dence was bombarded with grape and can
ister, shattering the doors and windows,
on March 21, while occupied by their iami
hes only. Two small children were in the
house at the time. No insurgents were
present. The troops looted the wardrobes
and jewelry and money which were in the
house. Workmen were searched, and
twelve laborers were treated the same as
prisoners of war and a summary court
martial ordered. Ferrar claims damages.
General Bernal, commanding the trooo,
made an official report the next day,
describing a brilliant victory and dislodg
ing the enemy and capturing twelve
prisoners on the Jistrella plantation.
Domingo Betarte, a French citizen and
owner of the Oyalta estate, has arrived
here and filed a claim with the French
Consul for the destruction of his property
by Spanish troops. He describes the kill
ing of thirteen employes as previously re
ported. He says Durate, manager of the
estate, waa shot down while wrapped in
the French flag. Another Frenchman
named Drake, owner of the Saratoga
estate, has tiled a protest, claiming Colonel
Molina threatened to burn the buildings
and shoot all on tne estate in case Drake
failed immediately to notify him when
ever rebel bands passed near the planta
tion.
A ruob of 200 persons followed twenty
prisoners through the streets of Havana
Wednesday. The pinioned men were
struck, kicked and stoned. General
Ahumada dispersed the mob.
Yesterday 106 prisoners arrived from
Sagua. Weyler has ordered all stores
more than 2500 meters distant from towns
and hamlets closed and goods removed.
Rappeleye, correspondent of the New York
Mail and Express, was expelled by order
of • General Weyler Thursday, on the
ground that his presence here was preju
dicial to the Government, his articles criti
cizing the troops and volunteers and army
operations creating a wronj* impression
abroad. Rappeleye observed all the rules
and regulations while here, apparently in
currinir displeasure entirely by treating
the war from an American rather than a
Spanish standpoint. J. Frank Clark.
Raids on the Bucket- Shop*.
CHICAGO. 111., March 28, - William
Now
Is the time to purify your blood, because
now the blood is loaded with impurities,
which have accumulated during the win-
ter, owing to various causes. These impuri-
ties must be expelled at once or serious
consequences will result. The best way to
IP'S! 0 40*
Purify
Your Blood is to lake Hood's Sarsaparilla,
because Hood's Sarsaparilla has proved in
thousands and thousands of cases that it
absolutely and permanently cures disease
by purifying and enriching the
Blood
■ . - ■■ ■ •" ■ ■" ■•-■.'■
In buying medicine be sure to get the best.
The unequaled record of cures by Hood's
Sarsaparilla and its enormous sales prove
that it is absolutely without an equal as a
blood purifier and spring- medicine. You
need a good blood purifier now; you need
the best you can get; you need Hood's
Sarsaparilla because
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All drugg ists. $1
Be sure to get Hood's and only HOOD'S.
Unnri'e Pillo cure all liver ills, constipa*
nUUU 0 rllld tion, biliousness. 25c.
Skakel's bucket-shops which vrere raided
two days ago were again attacked by the
police to-day. Four places were raided
everybody in sight was arrested. Two
hundred men,including clerks and patrons,
were given a ride to the Central police sta
tion where Skakel signed bonds for their
apearaifce in court Monday. iSkakel
claims that he is being persecuted. He
practically admits that he is running a
bucket-shop, but not a gambJing-honse.
He says that he will at once enter suit
against the Civic Federation for $100,000
damages.
NEW TO-DAY.
\jftt M^rs It isn't much trouble
man to be good hu-
mored. Jollity and exhuberant health
are a proverbial combination. The hearty
man who is always laughing doesn't
have any trouble with his digestion, It
has been said that laughing makes peo-
ple healthy. The truth is that health
makes people laugh.
There isn't any other thing so essential
to health as regularity in the action of
the bowels. Most all sickness starts with
some derangement of the digestive func-
tions. Good digestion means good, pure
blood, and that means strength. Once
let the bowels become clogged with
refuse matter, and the whole system is
deranged. Impure, poisonous matter
gets into the blood and plants the seeds
for all sorts of sickness.
Whenever there is a stoppage of the
intestinal action, help should be given
immediately. Usually a mild, gentle
laxative is all that is necessary. A vio-
lent, wrenching, griping cathartic 'is
never needed. Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pel-
lets are the most pleasant and successful
remedy for occasional or chronic consti-
pation, or costiveness. They are tiny,
sugar-coated anti-bilious granules that
even the smallest child can easily take.
They act in perfect accord with nature
and produce no griping or other disagree-
able feeling. They should be taken at
the first indication of digestive trouble.
They stop sour stomach, belching,
"heart-burn," flatulence and sick head-
ache. They cure constipation perma-
nently. You can stop taking them after
the bowels are thoroughly regulated.
Their help lasts. You do not become a
slave to their use as with other pills.
3P ■■DAILYT^X'
gg^SPECIAI^^
I Anderson's Apple Butter, ©
I' 2-113. Tin 100. (V
I; "Smith's Weekly" tells all about the P®
14 Specials. Removal Sale now In progress. JST
If, . .Freight prepaid 100 miles and over. Gy
JyJ Smith's Monthly Catalogue free for pos- V^
M Smiths' Cash Store, f£{
I 414, 41 6, 41 FRONT ST., S.F. 'C?
L? Largest Departm'.t Store west of Chicago fin
CATARRH
local' DISEASE B^T4MWU^i
and is the result of colds '^^'-;;"-CLDI
and sudden climatic MF** ■ '- Van I
changes. W HKttDllu ©3 <„ M
It can be cured by a p'.easant Bjy - '^^/^t
remedy which is applied <I>-lwS JrJ'&Asm
rectly into the nostrils. Be- HR /' "flB
in? quietly i^sorbed it gives m^Fr'K
"TSncßEii-Biii mE&S^m
ELY'S CREU BALM BFg&^
Is acknowledged to be the most thorough cere for
Nasal Catarrh, Cold in Head and Hay Fever of all
remedies. It opens and cleanses tne nasal passages,
allays pain and inflammation, heals the sores, pro-
tects the membrane from colds, restores the senses
of taate and smell. Price 50c. at Druggists or by
mall, -anw
KJ^Y BROTHERS, 58 Warren street, New York.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
I STAMPED ON A SHOE „„„,,,
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
OfcivUi &/£/ <&■'s!
STYLISH RUSSETS.
We have a line of Men's Stylish Blucher-cut
Russet Lace Shoes, which we will offer as an extra
Inducement.- We offer them at a low price because
it Is still early In the season and we wish to prove
to our customers that we lead- for low prices.
These Shoes have a stylish pointed toe, and they
fit well and are guaranteed for wear. We will sell
them this week for • . ,
52.50.
a pair, and every one buy-in? them will be mow
than pleased, as they retail regularly elsewher»
for 93 80.
I Jui Sjr\
We always did lead when it came to Children's
Shoes, and this year we will give the best values in
Russet (Shoes ever offered to the public. We have
just received a complete invoice of Children-! and
Misses' Fine Russet Button shoes witn medium
square toes and tips and spring heels, which we
will sell at the following prices :
Children's, sizes 4 to 8.......... 750
Children's, sizes Bto 10 y 3 . 81 00
Misses', sizes 11 to 2.. .'„.......". 125
Our special "50-CENT SALE" of Ladles' Button
Shoes and Oxfords and Children's Shoes have been
entirely sold out, and we have no more left.
MRT Country orders solicited.
. MRT Send for Xew illustrated Catalogue.
Address .. . . •
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
DR. WONG WOO
Chinese Drugs ■JS^- I^»»JS3L
and Tea and Herb mr
Sanitarium, ■"■ wi? vJ
776 CLAY STKiIET, fifi \f
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, fIfSV flS' V?
:. ■ Ban Francisco. I*'/ /%
I, the uniicisi«n-(l, have c A »" ■' ' fa
been cured from kidney 1 /»fM»fl > iff
trouble, from which 'fr W*'!L * f J 1
suffered for over 10 years, f WLjP*"\ ' ' I a
by Dr. Wong Woo. W^yr"^ Jt •■■".j«
Office hours: 9:^ntoli|ij99 |^imS)'L&
A. m. ; 1 to 3. 7 to 9p. m. 10b33^ZS^^^IOI
DDIICUCO FOR BAKBER* BAR-
KKIINHtaS*"' bootblacks, bat»-
UllUynbUbomet, billiard -tables,
bnwen, - bookbinder*, ■■ candyunakers, cannerZ
dyers, floanailla, fcundrlea, laundries, paM?
hasten, printers, painters, shoe factories, sum*
auu. tar-iootan, tanners, tailors, me
- - „ BUCHANAN BROS.,
■nun Manufwct urer? . 60 1> SaorammttoSltSECRET BARGAIN
NOW SUSPECTED
England May Not Be Made
a Fool Of in Foreign
Adventures.
SUBJECTS ARE RESTLESS
Military Authorities Openly
. Against the Project in
;\ - the Soudan.
ATTITUDE TOWARD GERMANY.
Great Britain Probably Backed in the
Invasion of the Deserts of
Africa.
(Copyright, 1596, by the XeT York Times.]
LONDON, Esq., March 28.— The close
of the week finds Englishmen stiil striving
to believe that there must be some secret
bargain somewhere by which England is
not to be made an utter fool of in her for
eign adventures, but it grows increasingly
hard to preserve this sanguine mood. The
more people turn over the Soudan busi
ness in their minds the le*s they like it.
We hear now that Lord Cromer had actu
ally protested against it, and that a deter
mined effort is to be made next week to
compel the Ministry to cease shutting on
this point aiid tell the exact truth.
It is Leaking out, too, that the principal
military aurnorities here are openly
asainst the project, ana that only Sirdar
Kitchener and his staff, who sniff promo
tion in the desert air. really like the thing.
The older men :n the service clubs are now
all talking about the great risks to health
and Jffe. the probable big disaster and
the possibility of holding the Soudan even
after.. .it has been conquered, and even if
the fithting experts all took a hopeful,
eager view, the English would still feel
that they stood to lose more than they
could gain by the enterprise.
They might be reconciled in a reluctant
fashion to the- enterprise if it could be
ehown that sufficient provision baa De^n
made to secure their European flank in
* case their African front became crumpled
ur>. Of this, however, there is not tne
faintest sign. The German official papers
continue to abuse England and all things
Enziish and declare that Germany has
joined Austria and Italy in the matter of
releasing tbe Egyptian funds merely to
■ tnese allies, and hoids herself quite
free to stop this course at a later period
and even join England's opponents if it
seems to be to German interests to do co.
These statements might be ignored as
mere ill-tempered "blague'" if they were
addressed to British hearers alone, but
these German editors go to the lengths of
:gand bullying the Austrian press
for its pro-English leanings, and Berlin
I talked in this rude tone to Vienna
before since tne triple alliance was
founded.
There is an uneasy feeling, moreover, as
the Transvaal trouble, which seemed to be'
smoothing ii self over, is going to burst forth
a^rain worse than ever. No great appre
hension would be felt about this prospect,
perhaps, if the English felt sure that a
free hand would be left to them in South
Africa to meet whatever difficulties arose,
but if new disturbances occur there it is
practically certain that they will involve
. European complications. For instance, I
believe the truth is that England holds
the conditional consent of the King of
Portugal to sell Delagoa Bay and the
whole triangular block of Umhienga land
lying west and south of Limpopo, which
would draw a complete British girdle
around the Transvaal, but that King is
nervous about how his own Cortes and Ger
many wili take the announcement of the
bargain. If this Delagoa Bay bargain
comes off it is inevitable that Germany
will make an immediate row.
If any one of a dozen things happens in
which Krueger displays his inability or
unwillingness to withstand the tremen
dous anti-Enelish pressure of his burghers
and their German and Dutch backers it is
, hard to see how England can assert her
self without at once falling afoul of Ger
many, ev-en in the far East, where Russia
is now openly taking over Port Arthur and
putting into active operation all sorts of
projects of expansion which the English
have always sworn they would resist to the
death. It is a fact that Germany is Russia's
ally on the Pacific coast, which compels
the British to sit quiet and eat all their
brave words.
At the two point? on the map, then,
where English interests are the most
important and most gravely menaced
Germany is the enemy. At both points a
crisis is ''mminent and either may plunge
Englam ito the most arduous and serious
difficulties
This is plain enough to everybody, yet
to everybody's amazement this most
anxious moment is chosen for a fantastic,
meaningless campaign in the heart of the
desert, which, even it successful, can only
achieve results which nobody wants or
values, and which at the very outset
estranges and angers England's next-door
neighbor.
As was said at the start people try to
force themselves to believe that Lord Salis
bury has something up his sleeve, and
that Germany has really been put under
bonds to see England through this dark
sea of troubles on which she is embarking.
That would be distasteful no doubt, for
the Germans are at a savage popular dis-
count just now in British minds, but at
least would render the situation intelligi
ble; but weeks go on and bring nothing but
indications that no such defensive bargain
fja~ been struck, and people grow aghast
at the possibility that England is to be
caught in another Khartoum tragedy, this
time with enemies on both sides instead
of one.
The public suspense has not found voice
yet simply berause the mystery is so bope
:..j gratuitous that it seems incon- 1
ceirabfa tiiat a:i explanation should not
be forthcoming day by day, but it is in
cr'asirif.' in volume and in intensity and
the roar trM burst out soon.
A French ministerial collapse at such a
juncture in international politics would
i>e unusnally exciting. It is not so clear
as might be wished that this will not come
ext week in the remaining struggle over
the budget, but I am inclined to the belief
■he bourgeois Cabinet weathered its
n . t storms in the narrow straits of the
in omc-tai divisions Thursday. It had
no votes to spare, but an analysis of its
backers shows a fairly homogenous body
who ought to hold together in Monday's
final tussle. If they fail something more
than the fate of the Ministry is not un
likely to be pitched into the melting pot.
In other words, there will be a dead set to
drive Faure from the Elysee as well.
What effect Berthelot's retirement will
have on the possible crisis it is difficult to
guess. So long as England played the
game of Frencn reconciliation, he seemed
to be the ideal foreign Minister, but the
emergency of England's sudden shifting
found him lacking in diplomatic expe
rience and calm, and the French politi
cians seeing that he was. after all, only an
amateur began bumping on him. So
Bourgeois had been compelled to throw
him overboard.
The Germans have been having their
fill lately of quarter-century celebrations,
and have yawned perceptibly over some of
them, but none fell to the same level of
public contempt as the twenty-fifth anni
versary of the first session of the Reichs
tag. It was only after a prodigies amount
of correspondence and bargaining that a
majority of the members could be induced
to meet one another at a formal banquet,
and the only toasts that they agreed to
ailow wtre to the Emperor and to Bis
marck, wno may hardly be said to typify
the triumph of the parliamentary idea of
popular interest in the event.
There was not the slightest sign, and the
press comment on the thing was almost
universally disdainful. Eugene Richter,
in the Freisinniee Zeitung, says that after
twenty-rive years of the Reichstag Ger
many is more split and divided by fac
tions, jealousy and hatreds than it was tie
fore the empire was founded, and nobody
contradicts him.
Bismarck's specific ailments are not
more active than usual, but his general
strength is failing, and his eighty-first
birthday, Wednesday, will be kept very
quietly. Only a torchlight march of the
Hamburg Society is to be permitted in
siue the Friedrichsruhe grounds this year,
all the other organized pilgrimages being
warned off.
The vast crowds which gathered in the
streets of Constantinople this week to
watch the arrival of Prince Ferdinand of
Bulgaria and his subsequent public move
ments have surprised everybody who
knows Stamboul. They are said to have
iar exceeded anything in any une's recol
lection.
No one suggests a satisfactory theory of
its special meaning, but the fact itself im
pressed the imagination. The Sultan has
paid extraordinary honor to his visitor,
who will return to Sofia with a recognized
dynastic position, and apparently with a
Ru sso-Turkish mandate to co ahead and
make of h;mself the biggsst man in the
Balkans. It is said that in Stamboul the
Turks pointed him out to one another as a
prince who some day would be ruling
them and hearing the Greek mass in St.
Sotia. That Ferdinand would cut the Sul
tan's throat as readily as Stain buloff's
need not be doubted, and that his ambi
tions reach to the Bosphorus may be
taken for granted, but, be he ever so able
and audacious, Russia is more capable and
merciless still and when she has used him
to her needs she will break him like a reed.
If the medical faculty were recognized
enemies of the human race there could
hardly be a louder expression of general
joy than is called fort a by the jury's ver
dict yesterday of $60,000 damages against
the eminent and fashionable Dr. Playfair
for using knowledge obtained by profes
sional examination to discredit and im
poverish the poor lady wQo is his wife's
sister-in-law and had an allowance from
his wife's family. The development of
the case during the week excited all Eng
land, and it is hard to say wtiether the
revelations of treacherous meanness inside
ihe Piavfair family or the spectacle of
some of the most famous physicians in
London coming up one by one supporting
Dr. Playfair through thick and thin most
disgusted the enraged public. The dam
ages are by far the heaviest on record for
slander, but the jury arrived at the sum
by capitalizing at 3' 2 per cent the allow
ance of $2000 which Dr. Playfair's perfidy
robbed Mrs. Kitson of, and it is hard to
see how an appeal can upset that. It
should be added that the verdict is every
where taken as meaning not only that Dr.
Playfair's ethics are abominable, but that
his professional diagnosis which imputed
dishonor to tLe plaintiff is no good.
I suspect that if human motives could
be laid bare it would be discovered that
there is prevalent here just now a popular
anger against doctors in general, directly
due to the arbitrary muzzling iaws and
the consequent wholesale slaughter of dogs,
which we owe to a panic about rabies
stirred up by the medical press. Within
the past three months nearly 18,000 dogs
have been asphyxiated and cremated at
the dogs' home in Battersea alone, and
similar butchery is going on all over the
country. As Englishmen love dogs rather
more than they do their own children — or
at least are more solicitous about tneir
diet and comfort — this harrying of pets
amounts to a national grievance, and nat
urally the blame for it is put on the doc
tors, who, it is said, spread entirely fabu
lous reports of hydrophobia for their own
benefit. Indeed, half of the people in
England seem to be coming around to the
belief that there is no such disease at all.
Speaking of dogs, an ex-Cabinet Minis
ter, who knows the Queen very well, told
;ne the other day that she takes the keen
est interest in this Battersea dogs' home
and in similar institutions, and that she is
especially vehement in antagonism to
vivisection. Of his own knowledge, he
said, whenever an anti- vivisection society
seemed to be lagging in it 3 public propa
ganda, its noble chairman got a personal
letter from the Queen stirring it up to
fresh exertion?.
During the week local census papers
have been distributed by the police and
other enumerators throughout the admin
istrative district of London, which are to
be collected Monday, and- are expected to
show the whole number of living persons
inside the metropolis at midnight to-mor
row. The census is limited to sex, and
whether Douseholder, Jodger or servant,
and the numbers of houses is also to be re
corded. The object i? to secure statistics
for a municipal rearrangement of taxes,
and is in the hands of the Registrar-Gen
eral and of local registrars, who combine
the functions of surrogates and county
clerks, and the returns are expected to be
compiled by the cad of April. It being
passover time a special clause of the act
provides that Jews may withhold their pa
pers if they wish till Tuesday.
A more comprehensive census of all
France is to be taken to-night. This is the
quinquennial count of which I have spoken
before as being awaited with much patri
otic anxiety, as it is almost certain to re
veal meiancholv facts about the French
population, which for the tirst time is ex
pected to be less than that of the British
islands. For the first time, too, it will put
on the census record the fact that the Eng
lish sovereign and three of her children
are on French soil, not to mention the
King of the Belgians, the Dowager Empress
of Russia aud the Czarowitch, and an ex
ceptionally large n amber of other foreign
royal personages now in the Riviera. It
is feared, however, that this will not be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
taken as full compensation for the dwind
ling of native stock.
Americans are as much interested as
those directly concerned in the decision
reached yesterday at the Boulogne traffic
conference to initiate a new and additional
fast service via Folkestone between Paris
and London, the trains to leave each capi
tal at 4 p. m., the passengers reaching the
other side at 11:30 the same evening. Im
portant reforms will be made on both
sides of the channel to facilitate the trans
fer of baggage, and the promised service
will be a model one.
George H. Boughton's election to full
honor as a royal academician is the most
popular thing that the academy has done
for a long while. He would have achieved
it years ago had it not been for his sweet
good nature in standing out of the way for
younger men, to whom distinctions signify
more than to him, and in always lefusing
to make a strenuous, embittered personal
question of his selection. He reaps his re
ward now in seeing everybody rejoice at
his preferment, not only because he is one
of the foremost painters of England, but
also one of the soil of the earth at large.
At last night's quarterly dinner of the
Omar Khayyam Club, where Hardy.
Holman, Hunt, Bryce and many other
lights were gathered, a letter was read
from Swinburne, who never goes to pub
lic places nowadays, but who has numer
ous interesting things to say of Fitzger
ald's immortal translation. As to the
greatness of the poem he says: "I know
none to be compared with it for power,
pathos and beauty in the same line of
thought and work, except possibly Ec
clesiates, and magnificent as that is I
can hardly think its author comparable to
Omar either as philosopher or poet." In
the same letter he recounts how in 1860 he
and Rossetti bougnt tne first editions of
this great work at a bookstall for a penny
each, they having fallen absolutely dead
at the published price of one shilling.
Now they are scarce at $S.
Oxford's victory to-day under exciting
conditions wa? a popular surprise. Word
had gone round that Cambridge was in
better form than since 1880 and was bound
to win, and the betting was heavily in her
favor. Harold Frederic.
ON THE VERGE OF A WAR
Bitter Feeling Caused in a
Louisiana Parish by a
Shooting.
Politicians Call at the House of a
Negro and Two Deaths
Quickly Follow.
NEW ORLEANS. La., March 28.— St.
Andry parish, in the western part of this
State, is almost in a state of war. Last
evening while a part}- of white men from
Arnaudville were passing on the public
road near the house of Julien Stelly, a
colored man, in the neighborhood of Port
Barr, rive of them turned aside and called
him out to have a talk with him. He had
used some threatening language to the
effect that he intended to register and
vote if he died in the attempt. Seeing
that would be against the wishes of the
white people of that section, he had sent a
message by another colored man to Dr.
Martin, the leader of the white supremacy
movement of that neighborhood, apologiz
ing for his words and promising to taKe no
part in Dolitics in the future.
The purpose in calling at Mb bouse last
night was to assure him that his promises
and' apology had been accepted and that
he might feel secure. He refused to open
his door or parley with the men, saying
that if Dr. Martin would come that way
he would come out and talk with him.
Dr. Martin then came and called to him
to come out and talk with him; but in
stead of doint; so, he opened a side window
and instantly shot dead Alcoe Bouett, a
resident of Grand Coteau and an excellent
citizen and young man of 10 years of age.
The men on the outside thereupon fired
into the house, killing Stelly and probably
one other negro. This is Dr. Martin's
statement of the occurrence. He is the
leading physician of that section and a
gentleman of the highest standing.
RACIXG AT LITTLE ROCK.
Four Faroriteg Win at the Opening Hay
of the Meeting.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 28.— About
4000 people witnessed the opening races of
the Little Rock Jockey Club this after
noon. It was a good day for the talent
also, four favorites and a heavily backed
second choice winning. The Arkansas
derby was a pretty race from start to
finish. Sidkell started in the lead and
maintained it until we!l in the stretch,
closely hugged by Garland Bar and Ben
Eder, but L.ady Inez came up from behind
witli a rush, winning from her running
mate, Ben Eder, in a driving finish by a
nfck.
Five furlongs. Empera won, Petrolene sec
ond, Helena Belie third. Time, 1:03%.
Four furlongs. Chappie won, Miinzanita sec
ond, Charlie Keiff third. Time. :.~il.
Mile, Arkansas derby, Lady Inez won, Ben
Eder second, (mrland Bar third. Time, I :4:{'.j.
Mile, CreruM won, Toots second, Joe O'Sot
third. Time. L:46.
Pix furlongs, Bin? Binger and Lpavitt ran n
dr;i<l hent, Kirk third. Time, 1:17} ,. Bing
Binger won run off.
Made a Quick Pntmage.
QUEENBTOWN. Bm>., March 2S.— The
Cunard line steamer Etruria, Captain Fer
guson, from Sew York March 21, which
arrived at Queenstown March 28, made the
passage in (J days, 1 hour and 1 minute,
making an average of 20 knots. The best
previous eastward run of the Etruria was
•idays. 3 hours and 6 minutes, made in Sep
tember, 1891. The Dresent run is an ex
ceptionally good one for this season of the
year.
A Xntionalitt Elected.
DUBLIN, Ireland, March 28.— The Par
liamentary election in the east division of
Kerry, which took place yesterday, re
sulted in thecboic of Mr. Roche, Nation
alist, by n vote of 1952 to 663 for Mr. Gilli
cuddy. Unionist. The seat was made vu
cant by the decision of Michael Davitt.
who was elected for East Kerry aud South
Mayo, to sit for the latter.
3t. Jifrthelot Jteaignt.
PARIS, France, March 28.— M. Berthe
lot, Minister of foreign Affairs, has re
signed. M. Bourgeois, Prime Minister,
has been appointed Minister of Foreign
Affairs. M. Doamer, Minister of Finance,
has assumed charge of the Ministry of the
Interior ad interim.
Three of the Crew Perish.
LONDON, Eng., March 28.— The British
ship Stanley, ashore on the island of
Texel, in the North .Sea, is full of water.
Three of the crew were drowned. The
weather has improved and the vessel's
cargo is being discharged.
Top Importer* jtimign.
BALTIMORE, Md., March 25.-Roeg <fc
Koch, top importers, assigned to-day.
Liabilities are estimated at $150,000; assets
of the same amount.
Won by the Tigers.
PRINCETON, N. J., March 28.— The
Tigers to-day defeated Rutgers at base
ball by the score of 23 to 2.
OXFORD WINS
THE BOAT RACE
From Putney to Mortlake
the Rival Eights
Row.
OLD SCENES REPEATED.
An Immense Crowd Witnesses
the Struggle Between the
Varsity Crews.
CAMBRIDGE AGAIN DEFEATED.
This Is the Seventh Consecutive Beat
ing Administered by the Cham
pion Oarsmen.
LONDON, Exg., March 2S.— The annual
rowing contest between the Oxford and
Cambridge eights took place over the
course from Putney to Mortlake to-day in
tne presence of the usual crowd of Lon
doners and provincials, and was won by
Oxford by a quarter of a Jength. The
weather was extremely disagreeable. At
10 o'clock the wind was blowing hard and
the rain was falling in torrents. This con
dition was followed by glimpses of sun
snine, but several times later there were
heavy hailstorms of short duration.
The length of the course was four and a
quarter miley. The boats got off at 1:03
p. m. Cambridge was pulling forty-eight
strokes the lirst minute and at the soap
works led by a half length. At Hammer
smith bridge Cambridge still held her lead
of a half length and at ChiswicK she was
nearly a length ahead.
From tbis point, however, Oxford be
gan to gain, and, nearing the bridge, drew
rapidly up on the leaders, who had lost
more than half of their advantage and
were only three-quarters of a length ahead.
In shooting the bridge Cambridge was
hampered by the rough water and failed
to maintain her lead. Oxford gradually
crept up on the Cambridge boat.
The Oxford boat from this point drew
ahead and reached the Ship Hotel at Mort
lake, the finishing point, a winner by a
quarter of a length, adding one more to
Oxford's list of six consecutive victories,
while Cambridge has won a varsity race.
The uaual cheers and screeching of whis
tles greeted the victorious crew, and the
usual scenes in other respects were en
acted. Only for slight differences made
by the weights, one year's show along ihe
Thames championship course from Put
ney to Mortlake is exactly like another.
Following are the crews and the last
weights posted, but the men were each
about a pound and a half lighter at the
start than these indicated.
Oxford— J. J. Deknoops (new), bow, 159
pounds; C. K. Phillips (new), 172; E. C.
Sherwood (Magdalen), ISO; C. D. Burnell
(Magdalen), 191; E. R. Balfour (Univer
sity), 190; R. Carr (Magdalen), 178; W. E.
Crumps (new), 171.
Cambridge— T. B. Hope (Trinity Hall),
bow, 155 pounds; H. A. Game (first
Trinity), 175; D. Pendington (Caius), 174;
R. Y. Bonsey (Lady Margaret), 180; W. A.
Bieber (Trinity Hall), l-O; T. J. G. Dun
canson (EmanueJ), 193; P. S. Bell (Trinity
Hall), 170; W. J. Fernie (Trinity Hall),
stroke, 170; T. R. Paget-'fomlinson
(Trinity Hall), coxswain. 117.
This is the seventh consecutive defeat
administered by Oxford to the rival uni
versity of Cambridge, and not since 1891
has the latter club given the winners so
close a race. In 1891 Oxford won by a
quarter of a length, as it did to-day, the
intervening races having been won by
from on« and a half to three and a half
lengths. In the last twenty years the
time made to-day, 20:01. has only been
beaten twice. In the race of 1892 Oxford
won by two and a quarter lengths in 19:21,
and in 1893 she won by two and a half
lengths in 18:47.
Rarnatn't Sloicmarket Won.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., March 28.— The for
ty-ninth race for the Liverpool spring cup
of 800 sovereigns for three-year-olds and
upward, one miie and three furlongs, was
run to-day and won by Barney Barnato's
iSlowmarket. William (}. Singer's Teie
scope was second and Lord Derby's Din
elesly third.
Tne sixreenth champion steeplechase of
300 sovereigns, about three miles, was won
by J. C. DdTmer's (iraig Olway, aged. F. C.
Stanley's March Hare, aged, was second
and C. A. Grenfell's Father O'Flynn was
third.
Run Over and Killed.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. March 28.— DaDny
Daly, the feather-weight pugilist of this
city, was run over and instantly killed by
a freight train near De JSoto, Mo., last
ni.ht.
DR. McKENZIE.
The world, is on its nerve just now. Every
one is getting nervous— nation's and individ-
■ uals. You see it in the "Chewing-gum Craze
: and in the Nerve Specifics." It is fortunate,
i therefore, for Ynankind that the celebrated
! Dr. McKenzie's Nerve Treatment can be had by
; the rich or poor. This great Nerve Treatment
is not a simple nerve sedative or tonic, but is
really an elaborately prepared nerve treat-
ment, that will -build, renew ana make over
old, worn-out nerves.
YOU CAN GET
Dr. McKenzie's Nerve Treatment at
Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy.
JOY'S Tidings of reasonable prices at
*i >,£» Joy's may have reached you. If
JOY b not> "Know thou then : that
|/-JY'O Joy ' s Baldwin Pharmacy is the
f^»~/fC» reasonable price drug concern
JOY S in this city." Why? Because it
lOY'^ pays to sell at reasonable
**^,^ prices.' Have you read of our
JOY S combination prices? They still
I AU'C exist. You can get them yet.
,b^J,,^ Wnen you want 6Ome thing
JOY S wnicn no other druggist has in
fr\V ' Q stock, you will find it at "Joy's,"
> ,^J,,5; Because '; our stock of drugs is
JOY S complete, and "what you get at
: i y* o °y '• .*• good. *•
JOY'S JOY'S
JOY'S BALDWIN, ruuici,
*^ J> ,^ VMm Baldwin Hotel,
JOY S Powell and Market Sts.
. '. . . •-'... NEW .TP'-P^Ttt" 01 * 01 !? 1 ?!?- ., n n ~
EASTE3R s"ch>tbei.a.:m:s
The second floor of our big establishment is a veritable Fairy
land : in every nook, every corner are glimpses, big broad glimpses,
of Easter finery for big and little fol\s. Never have we shown such
a handsome line of fine garments. We have made special efforts
for this Easter.
Pretty ideas in Straws for big and little folks ; pretty ideas in
Waists and Blouses, Neckwear and such fixings and finery as the
young folks wear for Easter and Confirmation, and the pleasant fea-
ture of ft all is the small prices ; we never forget that.
Confirmation Suits, in those dark dressy
cheviots in blue and black, clever goods
cleverly tailored, for boys between the
ages of 11 and 19, at
--55.00"
' Some remarkably clever Long Trousers
Suits, very dressy; suitable for confirma-
tion, made from those fine blue and black
serse cheviots, handsome goods, sold all
I about town at - • ■ • • :
..$10.00..
Ages 11 to 19 years, special at
-S7.SO--
Those very dressy Black Clay Worsteds,
high-class goods, in either Single or
I Double Breasted Sacks for bis boys, sold
I about town at $15, very ' clevery tailored
i garments. -Special at -. ;
■ -81O.OO-
CONFIRMATION SUITS FOR SHORT-
TROUSERS BOYS.
Some remarkably clever blue and black
Serge Cheviot Suits, ages 5 to 15 years, at
— 62.50— •
Those very dressy. Rough Twill Cheviot
Suits in blues and blacks, $5 is the price
for 'em all over town, ages 5 to 15 years.
Special at .
--53.30-- -?
The very dressiest of Confirmation Suits
are those very dressy, Black Clay Worsted
Suits of ours, $7 50 is the regular price,
ages sto 15 years. Special at
--65.00-
. (INCORPORATED).! •
14,700 ; Square Feet, Devoted to Juvenile
:. Apparel Alone. .
Some big specials Monday in Wash
Fabric Suits, all new ideas. Three prices
for Wash Fabric Sailors Monday, all
gems, too; sizes, 4 to 12 years,
000
750
9Qo
We could take a page on Wash Suits
alone and then wouldn't be able to do our
big stock justice.
That awfully swell Middy Suit you see in
the picture above— Monday in tine blue
twill cheviots with separate vest, awfully
sweet and cute — for pets between the ages
of 3 and 10 years. Special at
— fis.oo —
The New Hats for Easter are awfully
swell. See 'em Monday.
(INCORPORATED).
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, It 13, 15 Kearny Street
*1 ®X. Qs\
] ° ° *— A^
T 4^- — Jw
p
An awfully sweet Spring Suit for your
little folks, one that always looks well on
the little fellow, is the one we show in the
picture above: Lone: trousers, made from
those fine blue yacht cloths, prettily
trimmed ' with - brass buttons, for little
folks between the ages of 3 and 12 years.
Special at
»$3.50-
Fauntleroy Blondes !n white, awfully
pretty, with extra deep douole sailor col-
lar, including an awfully ; pretty assort'
ment of Percales, made the same style-
Monday at
■■450-: .
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED),
TWO ENTIRE: BUILDINGS.
EIGHT FLOORS.
34
SAN PEDRO THE
PEOPLE'S CHOICE
Los Angeles Free Harbor
League Appeals to
Congress.
AGAINST SANTA MONICA
Southern California Opposed to
a Monopoly of Shipping
Privileges.
TO STAY HUNTINGTON'S HAND.
Delegates in Washington Urged to
Defeat the Southern Pacific's
Scheme.
LOS ANGELES, Cxi.; March 28.— The
action of the House Rivera and Harbors
Committee in bowing to Collis P. Hunt
ington by deciding to report an appro
priation for Santa Monica Harbor had the
effect of spurring to spirited action the Los
Angeles Free. Harbor League, which was
organized in opposition to the attempt of
the Southern Pacific Company to monop
olism harbor privileges and facilities adja
cent to Los Angeles. At a meeting of the
league at the Chamber of Commerce this
afternoon, called to head off the machina
tions of Huntington, the following resolu
tions, proposed by Colonel 11. G, Otis, were
adopted after an animated discussion:
Whereas The matter of the securing of an
adequate harbor for the Los Angvles coast la
of the first Importance to all the people and
the com men Ea? Interests of this city ami South
■ m California^ an.i whereas, we believe there
is no prospect that Congress will appropriate
money for two harbor sites on this coast within
a few miles of each other; and whereas, the
harbor site at San Pedro has been repeatedly
officially and exclusively recommended by the
boards of I'nttod States army engineers as the
proper site for a permanent harbor for- Los
Anpeles, and is the site for which Congress lia.s
thus far made appropriations: and whereas,
appropriations are not granted in Congres
sional Districts In the face of opposition by the
representatives of such districts;
JiesoUnl.Vy the Free Harbor League of Lot
Angeles that we reattirni our allegiance to Ban
Vetlro as the true and proper, site, us the peo
ple's as Well as !!u< Government's site for
farther harbor improvements, and that we are
opposed to all legislation. .lf any such is con
templated by Congress, inconsistent with this
purpose so supremely essential to the business
Interests and commercial advantages of
Southern California.
Rtsolwd, That copy of. thtti resolutions be
ofllcially transmitted to the California Sena
tors and Representatives in Concrete, with the
request that they ad in accordance to the full
extent of their powers.
A. letter from Representative Hermann
of Oregon to President Patterson of the
Chamber of Commerce was road in which
that gentleman; writing under the date of
16, said :
• At this hoar I have succeeded Ineacariosj
for Wilmington the continued system, which
means the immediate securing tor that place
of the entire $392,500 and the prompt com
pletion of the whole project. •* ' * Santa
Monica secures the same advantage. The
amount for completion, however, is much
larger. *-■*•-.* I for one desire to bring to a
happy conclusion the antagonism between
your two harbors, which has grown out of the
apprehension that one place might be reeog
nited by the Government to discrimination
against the Other. I wish that both shall have
the same iriendty treatment to the full extent
Of the maximum estimate! of both.
This solicitude on the part of Mr. Her
mann to heal the breach between San
Pedro and Sar.t.i Monica created some
what of ■ breeze, as it was understood by
the committee recently sent tC Washing
ton in behalf Of San Pedro by the Free
Harbor League that Mr. Hermann fully
understood the situation here and would
use his best efforts to help San Pedro, be
cause it is the people's harbor. Colonel
Otis, speaking on thi« subject, said:
"Mr. Hermann was, we thought, one of
our warmest friends. He questioned us
closely and drew out our best presentation
of the case. He said nothing about Santa
Monica before the committee, but at oar
hotel asked us if we were fighting Santa
Monica. We said we could not believe
that an - ■ nation could be made for
two contiguou* places; that San Pedro
was the people's site and the Govern
ment's site.
"He said nothing, but it seems that he
later took the greatest interest in securing
money for both places, although we ex
plained to him thai is not what the people
here wanted. The Huntington inrlaence
has been strong enough 10 work this
through. One or both of the appropria
tions will be attacked. What the outcome
Will be I know not,"
General Charles Forman, Hon. T. E.
Gibbon, vice-president of the Terminal
Railway, and others spoke on the resolu
tions offered by Colonel Otis. Mr. Gibbon
said that it Santa Monica was given any
appropriation "the game was up" : that if
any sod) appropriation was secured it
couM be aone only through fraud and
chicanery. After the resolution was
adopted an adjournment was taken until
explanations supposed to be on the way
from Senator White and Representative
afoLachlan are reciered.
i i v<»-> i m Ttt a:, t:nr.
Su,riiie of a Man !>u*ycted of Having
lire* a Counterfeiter.
. LOS ANGELES, Cai.. March 25.— Ed.
Booth ended his life with a revolver bullet
yesterday M El Monte. Booth came to
El Monte one year ago last September and
applied for worK to the Cnmmings Bros.,
who are now undei sentence of death for
murder. For a snort time he did odd job?
about the ranch, and then took op his
abode in the cabin where he eventually
ended his existence.
While Booth was visiting the Cum- 1
mings' house last Saturday, bit cabin was '
broken into. He was not "rXade aware of !
the fact until Wednesday. When he heard
of it, he stated to three* different persons
that the thieves had taken some books and
papers that, should ttiey fall into the
hands of Americans, would put him into
a had predicament. A diary was found
giving the names of acids used in dissolv
ing metals, as well as a list of metals used
by eipert counterfeiters, and it Is surmised
that Booth was either in the counterfeiting
business, or that he was in with some gang.
The deceased was about 55 years of age
and well educated.
Teachers' Convention Adjourn*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 25.— The
convention of the Southern California
Teachers' Association was brought to a
close at noon to-day.* The following officers
were elected for the erisuinc year: James
A,. Foshay, president; rV! J. Bailey,
vice-president; V. J. Millard, secretary,
and F. A. Richardson, treasurer. Hugh
J. Baldwin of National City was made
transportation secretary.
l.oa Angelen Street Affray.
LOB A.KOXLBB, OaI», March 28.— A
shooting scrape, in which Is. Black ex
perienced a narrow escape from death, oc
curred in front of the California Bank, at
the corner of Second street and Broadway,
at 9 o'clock this morning. Two shots were
fired one of which struck Black In the
hack just above the kidneys, but fortu
nately did not penetrate the vitals. The
Bhoti were heard at the police station and
Officer Phillips hurried to the scene, lie
arrested the person who ilid (he shooting,
who gave the name of John 0. Wallace.
Iti.m Wallace's appearance and actions it
is believed that he is insane. He is
charged with assault with intent to com
mit murder.
S A I SALIfO'S VA MI* A IGX.
BNmfeijMJ Officers Engaged In an Ercit
ituj liace far Office.
SAUSALITO, Cai,., March 23.— Never
before has a municipal campaign at this
place been £o bitterly fought as the pres
ent one. AH other subjects Have given way
in lie street conversation, and numerous
beta have been made. The following is a
list of tho nominations filed with Charles
11. Dexter, the present Clerk of the town
of Sausalito:
For Trustees, three to be elected:
Charles C. Bruce, John 11. Dickinson, L.
J. Atnbjornson, Henry J. Crumpton, C. 11.
Harrison, George Tasheira, Jacob Stritl
matter and John Richards. For Treas
urer, one to be elected: S. S. Fiedler and
A. Lawrence. For Town Clerk, one to be
elected: Joseph H. I'ryor, Charles J.
Ryan, W. H. Harrold. Edwin Lewis.
Thomas Haley and CL W. Simpton. For
Marshal, one to be elected: John F. Creed,
A. Brandos, Daniel Eustace, J. S. Busa
villa and Edward Stahl.
Sausalito is divided into three districts—
Old Bausalito, The Hill and New Sausalito.
The Hill is the residence of many promi
nent men doing business in San Francisco,
and their vote "will cut quite a ligure'at
this election. The election takes place on
the 13th of April.
IN JAIL AT PORTLAND
A Squatter Who Believes That
President Cleveland Will
Liberate Him.
Intends to Remain a Prisoner Until
tho Executive Comes to the
Rescue.
PORTLAND, Ob., March 28.— Adolph
Mehri m;!* a squatter on th* land of the
Oregon and California Railroad in South
Portland. Being ordered by the I'nited
States COari to vacate, he refused, claim
ing the railroad company had no title to
the land. The matter was explained to
him and the absurdity of his position
shown; but nothing that could be said
altered the squatter's determination, and
eleven days ago Judge Bellinger was
forced to commit Mehrl to prison for con
tempt i>f court.
'When are you coniins: out?" he was
asked this morning.
"Well," answered the prisoner in a
strong German dialect, "they're pretty
busy at Washington now setting ready for
I the election, but I think President Cleve
i land and the German Minister will have
ray papers ready by next week."
"What have the President and German
Minister to do with your case?"
The squatter looked surprised.
'Tin Adolph Mehrl, ain't II I'm an
■ American citizen. Cleveland knows that,
I doesn't he? The German Minister knows
| I was born in Bavaria. Do ! you suppose
fora moment they are overlooking me?
I It I hadn't come to* jail it might be differ-
I ent; but now that I'm here tney've got to
I get me out like any other citizen impris
'• oned against his right:*."
"Uut suppose you are disappointed and
the people at Washington pay no atten
tion to your incarceration, how long do
you propose staying here?"
"11l not be disappointed. This is a big
case. 1 know the company has no title to
my land, for a man in Oregon City told
me so, and when the Government knows
that 1 am in jail it will send on here pretty
quick and put all the people back OB the
land that have been driven off. It's a
good thine for the other people that built
houses in the gulch that I was arrested."
"Then you believe that you have been
specially * selected to right the alleged
wrongs of the squatters and propose to
stay with your land at all hazards?"
• Yes. no matter what happens, I will
nevei say that 1 will vacate my land. It
jis my home, and everybody knows it. If
I the election prevents the people at Wash
ington from acting quickly, the citizens
here are waiting to lie.p me."
So thoroughly imbued is Mehrl with the
idea that his case is of paramount im
portance to the Government, and that the
attention of the entire United States has
been attracted toward him, that it is possi
ble he may remain in jail for years before
the fact that he is of small interest and
has been forgotten dawns upon him.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS ROAD WORK.
Rapid Progress Made by the California
Construction Company's Force of
Laborers.
MILL VALLEY, Cai,., March 28.— H0
time is being lost in the construction of
the Mill Valley and Mount Tanialpais
Scenic Railway. The first carload of
material was hauled across Blythedale and
Corte Madera avenues on Wednesday at 1
o'clocE, and the third rail for the narrow
gauge car of the North Pacific i Coast] road
has been laid as far as the proposed power
house on the Cnsning tract.
It is now stated that the depot will be
on the Mclnnes property, in Mill Valley
instead of on the lands of the North Pacific
Coast Railroad at Eastland station. This
will avoid the necessity of crossing Blythe
dale avenue during the day time, as all the
freight and.coal lor the power-house will !
be transported in the nigh; time.
The contempt proceedings against the
Mountain road and the California. Con
struction Company will be heard by Judge
Angelotti on Monday. Sidney B. Cashing.
Louis 1.. James, John Burt and others
have prepared affidavits to the effect that
the road was run on Corte Madera avenue
for only sixty feet, and that the workmen
did not know -they were laying the rails on ;
any of the lands upon wtiicn the injunc
tion forbade them. Mr. Windmiller, the
plaintiff in the injunction suit, will prob
ably not press the matter.
The construction company estimates
that the expense per day while the in- j
junction was in force was $2CO, and the in
junction blocked the work for four days, !
Including Sunday. It has not been de
cided as yet whether to brine suit against
Winamilier for this amount or not. .There
is serious talk about it, and if it is done ]
Windmiller will sue the company in turn !
for alleged damages to his property on ac- <
count of the road running on Madera i
avenue.
L^ckeford't Flood Receding.
STOCKTON. Cau, March 2s.— A report
from Lockeford states that the water of
the Mokelumne River, which was let in
onto the bottom land by the levee beirie
cut, is receding. Much of the inundated
iand was in alfalfa, some of which was
newly sown. Should the water remain on
it any considerable length of time the al
falfa will be killed. The water spread over
nearly 1000 acres. - -.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
BRIBERY CHARGED
AT SACRAMENTO.
Strife Over a Bituminizing
Contract Ends in a
Sensation.
TRUSTEE KENT'S STORY.
Says He Was Offered Money
for the Smuggling In of
Another Bid.
WILL NOT NAME THE CULPRIT.
Efforts of an Alleged San Francisco
Rock Combine to Monopolize
State Work.
SAGBAMENTO, Cal., March 28.-At the
meeting of the Hoard of City Trustees on
Monday night, the contract lor bituruin
izing the streets surrounding the Capitol
was let to James Touhey, a Sacramento
contractor, for the sum of |60,399 9(>, his
hid being some $2000 less than those of his
San Francisco competitors. Since that
time (ieorsre I'erine, who failed to put in a
bid before the City Trustees, has been en
deavoring to have considered one $2000 less
than that of Touhey's. This matter having
been brought to the attention of the Capi
tol Commissioners, they met to-day in con
junction with the Board of City Trustees,
and a stormy session was the result.
The proposition was advanced by the
members of the alleged San Francisco
rock combine tuat ttie State, owning one
| half i>f the frontage could, with the co-oy
eration of one-half of the property-own
ers, take the letting of the contract from
the hands of the city and award it to
others: and as the work would be done
I for $2000 less than Touhey's price, that in
dividual would be "frozen out' 1 and pre
vented from entering into the business of
bituminous street laying in competition
with members of the alleged rock coin
| bine.
The session was essentially a tropical one
and no definite conclusion was arrived at.
During one of the numerous discussions
which arose. Trustee Kent stated tuat the
members of the combine were extremely
anxious to beat Touhey, and that he had
been approached by an individual who had
said there was $800 for some one if another
bid could bo placed.
"Did you have that man arrested?" de
manded the Governor.
"Oh, no," answered Kent. "These kind
of things don't amount to anything."
The Governor wanted to know who the
man was, but Kent did not wish to expose
him.
"\ou know how it is, Governor," he
taUL
• No, I don't," answered the Governor.
"I have never been approached myself,
but I want to know wno the fellow was
\\ ho wanted to pay a City Trustee $000 for
an opportunity to get in a bid."
Set 'retary of State Brown was in favor of
standing by Touhey 's contract. In speak
ing on the subject he said: "This man
Touhey has underbid these otner con
tractors and is a responsible man. Now
that thty are beaten they 'squeal.' 1 am
in favor of awarding him the contract
privately, so that ho ran give a bond that
hi* work will last at least live years.' 1
When personally interviewed on the
subject Touhey said: "There is no doubt
in my mind but that this combine of San
Francisco rock men will so to great
lengths to prevent rue getting this con
tract, as they know that if 1 once get a
foothold in this < !a«s of work they will
never be able to compete with me again in
Sacramento. They have even advanced
the argument that I had no machinery to
work with. That is true, but I have
plenty of money with which to purchase
•t. After the rtme for placing bids last
Monday had expired I was approached by
one of the members of the combine who
desired to know what my price was. I
told him and then, I understand, an
attempt was made to have another
Did smuggled in. I was informed that
inferences were made that an attempt
might be made to bribe Mr. Diruond, clerk
ot the board, but that gentleman's honesty
was beyond cavil, and, besides, it was
found that any attempt to approach him
would result in prompt bodily injury to
Uu party making the attempt, so the
scheme had to be abandoned. 1 have also
heard that it was claimed that immense
influence was brought to bear upon the
Capitol Commissioners in favor of the rock
combine: still, as I made my bid in good
faitn and have the wherewithal to back it,
I am sure the Capitol Commissioners will
be just and not reopen the bids. Once be
fore I made members of this combine re
duce their price on a contract so that it
resulted in a saving of $4000 to this city. '
It was tinally agreed that Secretary of
state Brown and Treasurer Radcliff be i
appointed a committee of two to consult
with an attorney as to the legality of en
tering into a private contract, and also
whether Marsden Manson of the Bureau
of Highways could be appointed to act
without compensation as engineer of the
work en the part of the State.
will ISSUE Firm ■■ hay.
The Record- Union Will Hereafter Appear
on Sunday Mornings.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., > March 2s.—Be
ginning to-morrow the Record- Union will
be issued every morning. It has been the
desire of the management to make the
announcement for a long time. The en
larged mechanical capacity of the ' office
which has been recently effected enable? |
it to now carry out this desire »and realize |
the issuance of the paper every day in the '
week.
The Record-Union on Sunday mornings |
will appear in twelve-page form, contain-.j
ing eighty-four columns. ~lt will present. '!
throuch ihe agency of the United Pres*>.
the full telegraphic news of the world. It
will also present a large variety of other
news matter, gleaned from the best and
most reliable sources, together with lit
erary ciatter of the best order.
Rain at Rirertide.
RIVERSIDE. Cal., March 2S.— The
heaviest rainstorm of the season prevailed
here to-day. The fall amounts to over an
inch and the prospects are good fur a con
tinuation of the storm. The nun came
opportunely and it will result in great
benefit to grain and nay crops.
Solan» County** Delegate
SUISUN. C.v., March The Repub
lican County Central Committee met here
to-day to arrange for the election of dele
pates to the State Convention. Solano
County's representation will consist of
twelve delegates, two of whom were
selected to-day. The remaining ten will
be elected at an open primary, which will
be held on April 18. The two delegates
at-large are Editor W. D. Pennycook of
Vallejo and ex-Senator W. B. Parker of
Vacaville.
BRINGS OVER THE OLIVE BRANCH.
Mrs. Booth-Tucker Arrives at New York
From London and Is Royally
Welcomed.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 28.— Mr*.
Booth-Tucker, wife of Commander of
the Salvation Army D. L. Booth-Tucker,
recently appointed by General Booth from
the National headquarters in London to
take charge of the Salvation Army in this
country, arrived to-day on the American
line steamer St. Louis. She was accom
panied by her son and daughter, her sec
retary and Major J. Malan, General
Booth's secretary.
Mrs. Booth-Tucker received a royal wel
come when she reached the steamship
pier, as many members of the Salvation
Army had gathered there to greet her.
Mrs. Booth-Tucker was to have been ac
companied bore by her husband, but the
latter left the ship off the English coast on
a pilot-boat and returned to his sick son.
"When asked if she had Drought the olive
branch to Ballington Booth, she replied:
"We of the Salvation Army bring the
olive branch everywhere. We bring the
olive branch to Ballington Booth and
every one else. I am sure that my dear
brother will be as glad to see me as I will
be to see him. I love him dearly and it
will oe the happiest day of my life when
1 have succeeded in bringing him back to
the army, even as it wa9 the most sorrow
ful when I heard that he had lett it."
She was then asked if the statement was
true that should Ballington Booth come
back the general would assign him to
Canada, and then, after two or three
months, reappoint him as commander in
the United States.
She answered that she thought such a
statement was unauthorized, but so far as
she knew and believed such was not tho
intention of General Booth.
"It has always been my firm conviction,"
she continued, "that had my brother seen
the eternal foe only rive minutes his resig
nation from the Salvation Army would
never have occurred. It is my desire still,
as it is that of the general, that there shall
be a personal talk between them, and I
i'eel sure that he will no longer be outside
of the army."
THAT BODY IN THE TRUNK.
It is Now Identified as That of Oliver Pike.
Who Disappeared From Seattle
Three Years Ago.
CHICAGO, 111., March 28.— Mw. Theo
dore Moshier of Kavenswood, a suburb of
Chicago, called at the County Morgue to
day, and claimed that the body of the
murdered man found in the unclaimed
trunk was that of Oliver Pike of Seattle,
vVash. He disappeared from that city
three years ago, and was tnen 29 years of
age. His mother lives in F%yette, Ohio.
Pike wore a truss, as did the murdered
man. and the peculiar formation of the
teeth, as described by Mrs. Moshier, match
the teeth of the corpse.
The police do not pin their faith to the
latest claim of identification, but are in
vestigating all such clews. A telegram
was sent to the Chief of the Salt Late
police, asking for investigation of the dis
appearance of Keidy, supposed to have
been murdered by an Knglishman. The
Coroner's inquest began to-day, and was
adjourned to next Tuesday after the evi
dence to date had been submitted.
POISONED BY A WAYWARD SON.
But Dr. Ring Forgave the Ycuth and
Sent Him Away to Escape
Prosecution.
WINSTOX, N. C, March 98.— Dr. J. W.
Ring, a practicing physician and dronist,
and one of the leading citizens of JElkiu.
Surrv County, and several member?" of his
family were made critically ill a week ago
by an attempt of the doctor's If!-year
old son to poison his father by putting
nank in a prescription.
The son's excuse for his action was that
his father did not allow him such privi
leges as he thought he deserved. To pre
vent his arrest the father gave the son
money and sent him to the far West.
Death of ait Author.
BROOKLYN, X. V.. March 25.-Edward
King, a we.'l-known author and corre
spondent, died in Brooklyn this morning.
He was born at Middlefield, Mass.. in July,
W. ■ Amonpr h;< books may bo men
tioned "French Character Sketches," "Tne
Great South," "Echoes From the Orient, '
"The GentielSavase," "The Golden Spike,"
and "The Venetian Lover.'
NEW TO-DAY.
A CLOTHING
SENSATION!
I It's the talk of the town that the old reliable firm of
IT'S Hyams, Pauson & Co. is going to dissolve partner-
-11 w ship, and that the entire stock of CLOTHING and
TDIIC! FURNISHING goods in their retail store, SE. COR.
I nUC POST AND KEARNY STS., is being sold at less
I than
MANUFACTURER'S COST.
We have still a few of those $7 to $16 Children's ,
Suits which we are selling out at $2 6? — 52.65 —
$2.65— $2.65. Also, some Men's $13.50 to $20 >uits
which we are closing out at $5.50---$8 st)---$3.50
—58.50— 58.50— 58.50.
Great opportunities during cur
DISSOLUTION SALE '
It's not a sale of odds and ends; i:'s the entire stock
of new 1890 styles at s-ch low prices that it will
astonish you, and if you're skeptical call and be con-
vinced. We carry a complete stock of Men's, Boys*
and Children's Clothing. * -
HYAMS, PAUSON & CO.,
Wholesale Manufacturers of Fine Clothing
Selling Direct to the Public,
S. E. Corner Post and Kearny Sts.
PORTLAND MURDER PLOT
"Bunko" Kelly Believed to Be
About to Make a Full
Confession.
May Tell of the Conspiracy That
Resulted in the Brutal Kill
ing of Sayres.
PORTLAND, Or., March 25.-The aban
donment of Lawyer X. N. Steeves by the
heir to the W. O. Allen estate, who by
withdrawing from Steeves' bond has re
consigned the lawyer to the county jail,
pending his securing a new surety or his
next trial, is ominous. The oft-made state
ment that "Bunko" Kelly, Steeves' con
federate and the principal living actor in
the murder of Georg6 W. Sayres on a dark
night in the latter part of September, 1894,
was on the point of disclosing some ma
terial facts implicating others in the crime
is now confidently looked for at an early
date.
It is said that since Steeves' abandon
ment by the brother of the man having
had the greatest interest in the disappear
ance of Sayres, Kelly has given up all
hope of any assistance from the outside to
secure a pardon. If permitted so to do
by the State Prison authorities, a pretty
reliable rumor has it, he will relate the
history of that cold-blooded murder of an
inoffensive man from the incipiency of the
crime until the body of Sayrew was cast
into the Willamette River, only to rise a
few days later in ghastly evidence against
his mercenary assassins. Kelly, it is said,
when he begins to talk, will not omit an
incident attaching to that tragedy.
A statement was made last night that
while Kelly was lying in the county jail,
awaiting trial, he' in a confidential "moad
one night remarked to a felMw-prisoner
that if it were necessary $50,000 would be
expended to save him from the hangman's
rope. The inference was that Allen was
the man to make so great a pecuniary
sacrifice. Allen was not a philanthropist,
as every one knows, hence Kelly must
hare had a wonderfully strong srrapp on
the old man. The story goes that while
Kelly was quite sick recently he greatly
exaggerated his condition in the hope that
those he was shielding might put forth
s.nno extraordinary efforts in his behalf.
This faith was strongest during Allen's
lifetime, but was not altogether abandoned
after his sudden taking off. Kellv must
have believed that the olcl n\an had taken
his brother, the heir to his estate, into his
confidence, and that the latter might come
to his rescue. Now, though, since the
heir has surrendered the alleged chief con
spirator in the crime to the authorities by
declining to longer remain on his bond,
Kelly has reached the conclusion that he
need hope for no executive clemency.
ATAXrOJtIi'S TACATIO& JZXDS.
Professors and Students Returning to
Resum* Work.
STANFORD T'NIVERSITY.Cai... March
2i*.— Yesterday ended the spring vacation,
and tbe students and professors are now
returning one by one from their tramps
and excursions. All are rested and ready
for the hard work of the next two months.
The services in the chapel, which were
suspended during the vacation, will be re
sumed to-morrow. Rev. Francis E. Hinck
ley oit c Congregational Church of Wood
land will preach on the subject "Jodaa
Iscariot. Son of Perdition." The students
of Encina, who have wearily walked to
Koble Hall three times a day, will be
forced to dine again in the girlless ball of
Encina.
Baseball Manager Watson to-day ar
ranged a garue for next Saturday with an
aggregation of ex-Stanford and Berkeley
baseball players. The game will be inter
esting, as it will furnish a basis for com
parison of tbe Berkeley and Stanford
ream?. The California team defeated
Berkeley by 10 to 8, and was defeated by
Stanford by 18 to 5. However, tbe pitch
ers. Campbell and Weldon, are in good
condition now and will put up a good
game. The Stanford team has not been
able to practice tbe last few day* on ac
count of tbe rain. Practice will begin
again Monday.
SEATTLE CURS IS JO 31 Ay D.
Alaska Fortune Hunter* Pay Fancy
I'rieett for Cattitiea.
BKATTLE, Wash., March 2s.— The
Alaska rush has developed a good market
in this city for cur dogs. A good-sized
canine, no matter how common the breed,
will bring from slo to f4o. For two month*
dozens of dogs have been shipped north
on each steamer, until Seattle's supply has
grown exceedingly short. They are used
m Alaska as beasts of burden.
Tne steamer Al Xi, which sailed this
morning, had no less than tifty canine pas
sengers. They were purchased by and
were in charge of persons who propose to
establish a trading station in the interior,
the dogs to be used for sledging in supplies.
Aside from their usefulness as beasts of
burden and draueht animals, they are fre
quently killed and eaten when other food
is not available. Several of the tirst drove
of canines sent to Alaska last December
to sledge in the mails were killed and eaten
dv their owners when confronted by star
ration.
NEW TO-DAT. - j ■_ -^_-.^.^_.._.-^.-..-i -..-> -..-■•
O^ BS fa [l Cq
Is DOCTOR SWEANY acknowledged as SAN FRANCISCO'S
LEADING AND MOST SUCCESSFUL SPECIALIST?
' '■'; -V> ■'<■'.
His reputation has been established by effecting CURES of
CHRONIC DISEASES, where other physicians, of acknowl-
edged ability, had failed.
FACTS ARE STUBBORN THINGS.
DIPLOMAS AND LICENSES from the best medical colleges
of the world adorn the walls of his offices. Chronic and Wast-
ing Diseases of the Throat, Lungs, Heart, Stomach, Bowels,
Kidneys and the GENITO-URINARY ORGANS have been Doctor
Sweany's study for life. There are cases of this character
which, through neglect or improper treatment, are beyond
medical aid, but there are many more given up as hopeless
simply because incompetent physicians have failed to effect a
cure. This especially applies to venereal diseases of the blood
and the GENITO-URINARY. ORGANS, and Doctor Sweany
yearly saves thousands from becoming mental and physical
wrecks. •■>.
MEN WHOARE
WASTING AWAY
Take heed and secure proper treatment before it Is too late. If
you are suffering from the effects of indiscretions, excesses
and unnatural losses, which rob the blood of its richness and
the body of its animating influences, which enfeeble the con-
stitution and result in Impotency, Paralysis, Softening of tha
Brain and Insanity if you are tormented with morbid fear and)
your days are passed with distressing thoughts of your disease
and you are unfit for the every-day duties of life; if you have
any or all of these symptoms you are suffering from SEMINAL
WEAKNESS, NERVOUS DEBILITY and their kindred causes*
. THE FIRST THING TO DO
In order to get cured is to cast aside all false modesty and place
yourself under Doctor Sweany's treatment. His experience In
i treating such diseases has been world-wide. He has cured
thousands of others and CAN CURE YOU.
GONORRHOEA, GLEET and that terrible and loathsome
disease, SYPHILIS, thoroughly and forever cured.
THE POOR who call at his offices on Friday afternoons are
welcome to the doctor's valuable services free of charge.
Your troubles if living away from the city. Thousands ar»
cured at home by means of correspondence and medicines
sent them. Letters are answered in ENGLISH GERMAN-
FRENCH, ITALIAN, SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN and DAN WH.
. BOOK OF INFORMATION is mailed free upon request to
those describing their troubles. M
• NAMES of patients or their diseases are not published or
exposed, but there are thousands of testimonials on fi:e in
Doctor Sweany* private office. They are voluntarily as
! deep and sincere expressions of gratitude from our me?c!-ants.
! manufacturers, mechanics, farmers, lawyers ' -labSraS : and
flit^arypeople, who have been cured •andriSstwedt^nS^h^nd
Doctor Sweany first, instead of squander ng away ""4 and
™ n TsZ°*£l UnC6rtainties <*P«.nt m elicines y and pica-
I OFFICE HOURS: 9A. H. to 1219., 2to 5 and 7toB P. I
• ;' Sundays, 10 A. M. to 12 M. only.
F.L. SWEANY, M.D.,
r 737 Market Street, /
OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
riv^t, FRANCISCO, CAUBOGUS BALLOTS
AT SANTA ROSA
Practical Jokers Make a
Raid Upon the Voting
Booth.
NO FAVORITISM SHOWN.
Scores of Worthless Tickets
Cast for the Several
Candidates.
MRS. BUKRIS AGAIN LEADS.
Wrests the First Position From Miss
Hall— The Contests in Other
Cities.
SANTA EOSA, Cal., Marca 28.— 1n
» :e of the precautions taken since the
r-cent attempt to loot the ballot-box in
which the coin-laden votes for carnival
queen candidates are deposited, another
raid has been made upon the polling
booth. This time practical jokers were
the culprits, and, instead of attempting to
take away the little envelopes, they con
tributed a few score of them. "When the
large ballot-box was opened to-niglit to
count the votes the committee was agree
ably surprised to rind it rilled to a depth of
sii inches. The names on the top en
velopes appeared to be all in the same
handwriting, and showed a liberal disre
gard for favorites, some of the ladies voted
for being unknown in the contest.
On being opened each of these envelopes
was found to contain a round pewter
medal, about the size of a half dollar,
showing on one side the smiling faces of
Grover Cleveland and Adiai Stevenson
and on the other a picture of the White
House. Hereafter the box will be eOarded
from thieves, wags and stuffers by Henry
Haliman and a iaree redwood club, though
"repeaters" witn legitimate ballots will be
welcomed.
In addition to the bogus ballots there
were a good many envelopes containing
good coin of the realm and the result of
the count showed that Mrs. L. W. Burns
had wrested the lead from Mi?s Sara Hall.
ihe erstwhile leader had also gained
during the day, but not enough to retain
the nrst position.
The vote is not as heavy as might be
expected from the deep interest taken in
MISS EMMA WLDLUND, A NORTHERN SONOMA BEAUTY.
[From a photograph.}
the result. The suspicions quietness in the
balloting is believed to be the calm that
precedes the storm. Every one seems to
be holding back to see if his or her favorite
needs help and how much. There is no
lack of interest in the contest, but each
faction seems to be waiting for the other
to move.
W. H. Grissum, a veteran fireman of
this city, is in correspondence with the
Veteran Fireman's Association of San
Francisco, with a view to having about
200 of the association take part in the car
nival festivities.
.Many of the veterans have already sig
nified their intention to be present, and it
is believed that the association as a body
will accept the invitation.
The bicycle parade will occur at 10
o'ciock on Friday morning of the carnival
week, and it ha 3 been decided to offer two
handsome silver cups, valued at $50 each,
to the best class A and class B teams. A
■me prize will also be given for the
■ individual cyclist. It has
been decided to allow no advertising floats
• the parade, and those decorated with
kJ flowers only shall receive prize?,
will vary only according to their
a s;ic arrangement.
LOS AXG ELKS' QUEEy.
Mrs. Mark L,etei* . mil Reign Over the
Fie it a.
LOS ANGELES, Cm.., March 28.— The*
E':e«sing contest as to the identity of the
Jariy selected as La Reina de La Fiesta de
I-os Angeles was brought to a close this
evening by the semi-official announcement
that that "honor has been conferred upon
Mrs. Mark Lewis, one or Los Angeles'
ijioit charming and accomplished young
women.
'the selection was made a month ago,
• -iv: up to the present time the announce
rafcnt has been withheld in order to pro-
the chosen beauty from the annoy-, ,
an'.p of being besieged for royal favors be
{r '-""tthe time set for the beginning of her
•
• furthermore, the mysticism observed
vonli t*>nd to awaken interest in the fiesta
by " : in^ society guessing as to which of
tl»e my promising candidates would
re^ybe queen.
The ipcret was well guarded until this
afternoon, when the maids of honor who
FOUR PRETTY WOMEN WHO ARE BEING VOTED FOR AT SAN JOSE.
were appointed several days ago met at
the residence of Major E. F. C. Klokke to
L<e introduced to Her Majesty by her
grand chancellor. John F. irancis, chair
man of the executive committee of the
fiesta.
The ladies of the court, who up to this
time were also kept in ignorance of the
identity of tbeir sovereign, were duly pre
sented and were delighted to find who she
was. They were, however, enjoined to
keep the secret, but the presentation was
scarcely over before it was noised abroad
on all sides that Mrs. Lewis was the
queen.
Members of the executive committee,
when questioned as to the truth of the ru
mor, aitir^t refused to affirnx or deny it,
but one of them inadvertently dropped a
remark that satished the inquiring news
paper men that Mrs. Lewis was tbe queen
elect, and later in the evening the editors
! of the morning papers were authorized by
the executive committee to use Mrs.
Lewis' name in thai connection.
Mrs. Lewis is the daughter of R. H.
| Howell, a prominent and influential cap
j italist and business man, long identified
with the commercial interests of Los An-
I geles. Youth, grace, beauty and refine
ment are her attributes, and it is univer-
By conceded that no better selection for
eu of the hesta could have been made.
BAXTA BARBARA FIELD DAT.
Programme of Athlttie Event* for the
Rote Carnival.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.. March 28.—
The programme for the field-day sports, in
which the Association of Volunteer Fire
men of Southern California will join on
April 17, is now arranged and promises to
The Santa Rosa Polling Place, Where Votes for the Carnival Queen Are Cast.
THE SAN ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
result in the most exciting contest ever
held in this region. A purse of $700 haa
been raised to provide suitable prizes, and
these will be the richest and most valuable
ever offered in Southern California, the
values reaching the fuh limits of the L. A.
W. in the bicycle matches, and varying in
character from solid gold watches and val
uable jewelry in the amateur races to cash
prizes of $50, $30 and $10 in the professional
classes.
The programme will include the follow- j
ing events: One mile Chinese bicycle race, !
100-yard run, 120-yard hurdle race, 220-yard i
run. 440-yard run, one mile run, "one- j
quarter mile bicycle race, one mile bicycle j
handicap, rive-mile bicycle handicap, run- !
ning hich jump, standing high jump, run- ■
inner broad lump, pole vault. For pro- j
fessionals — Two-mile handicap bicycle
race.
To this list will probably be added a
ladies' bicycie race Entries for the run
ning races close on April 14; for tbe
bicycle events on April 10. Three prizes
will b* given in each event. Further in
formation can be procured from Secretary
John H. Dugan of Sana Barbara. The
races will take place on the fast quarter
mile bicycle traclc, which is in perfect con
dition.
XORTHERX SOXOMa'S CO>TEST.
>t\si Edna Biddle Still Retain* the Lead.
at Henldtbury.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., March 28.— Blue
and gold are already in evidence, and the
carnival executive committee has head
quarters on East street, where the voting
contest is being waged and most of the
arrangements for the fiesta carried on.
Saturday is market day in Healdsburg,
and farmers come from far and near to
purchase supplies and sell products.
From them it was learned that the rural
districts of Northern Sonoma were inter
ested in the flower show and would be
represented by floats to the parade.
The vote for queen was heavy to-day,
over 400 ballots having been deposited.
Miss Edna Biddle stiil retains the lead,
while Miss Alice Haigh received support
enough to piace her in second position.
Mrs. C. A. Thilo of Cloverdale is third,
and, from the support she is receiving
from Healdsbure admirers, seems destined
to be a winner if Cloverdale does as it is
rumored she will do. Miss Lena Zane is
fourth and the Misses Oza Waldrop, Le!a
Payne, Emma Wialund, Zoe Bates and
Jovka Fitch follow in the order named.
Miss Emma Widiund, who is among the
leaders, is one of the candidates who will
be heard from when the county precincts
send in returns. She is the belle of the
Dry Creek Valley— is a handsome brunette
and very popular.
The finance committee is meeting with
splendid snccess. Everybody is contribu
ting to the fund. which is rapidly swelling,
ana the various committees will have
sufficient coin to make elaborate prepara
tions.
SAX JOSE'S MERRY WAR.
Stanford Unireraity 3lay Rally Around
a Favorite " to- Ed."
SAN JOSE, Cal.. March 28.— Queen Flora
will reign in this city during the carnival
from Jlay 6 to 9, and the selection of this
ruler is attracting much attention. Acres
and acres of sweet peas, marigolds and
roses are now under cultivation for carni
val purposes, and the young lady who is
successful will preside over a domain as
fragrant and us brilliant in bloom as ever
did a Flora. Great arches of flowers will
be erected on the main streets, and the
city will be transformed into a veritable
flower-Ded.
There are thirty candidates for regal
honors at present, "but it is believed that a
Jarge number of the>e will withdraw, and
the contest for queen narrow down to half
a dozen. There has been but little change
in tne vote since Wednesday, and Miss
' Lulu Schemmel is still in the lead, with
Miss Metta Laisy a close second. Araone
the new contestants are Miss Vevaßnrrell",
Miss Nellie North and Miss "Wilhelmina
Murphy.
It is believed that during the corning
week Stanford University will put a con
testant into the field, and with the sup
port of the university and that section of
the county such a candidate would prove
a formidable opponent. Gilroy and the
southern end of the county will in all
likelihood unite in supporting Miss Lillian
Rea of Gilroy, who at present is fourth on
the list. Los Gate? has Miss Mabel Rankin
and Miss Mamie Wilson, while Santa
Clara is represented by Miss Bertha
Warren. The vote at noon to-day stood:
Miss Lulu Schemmel 316
Miss Metta Laisy.. 281
Miss Florence Gordon 268
Miss Rea of Gilroy 236
Miss sue January 2-tf
Miss Maud Argues 213
Miss Helen Ford 206
Miss Little Murphy 189
Miss Eileen Kelly ....187
Miss Amelia Plank 173
Miss Sailie Cox 169
Miss Grace A del 164
Miss Nettie Sexton 156
Miss KmtnaSweigert 148
Miss May Welch .: 13U
Miss Kate Sexton 128
Miss Virginia MrAran 119
Miss Maud Pbelps 112
Miss Lottie Richardson P8
Miss Juliet Mauvais 76
Miss Mamie Sullivan 76
Miss Bertha Warren of Santa Clam 73
Miss Inez Gaskill ..; b5
Miss Mabel Kankln of Los Gat os 61
Miss Lt-ssie Kainey....... ;.......-.. 86
Miss Mamie Wilson of Los Gates 46
Miss Vevaßurrell... 23
Miss Nellie >'ortn 19
Miss Wilhelmiua Murphy Its
IS JOHNSON IN FRESNO?
Irate Citizens Fail to Locate the
Evangelist Who Insulted
Their Daughters.
Rumors That He Will Sue the Press
and the Ccmmittee That Drove
Him From Town.
FRESNO, Cal., March 28.— 1f Evan- ;
' gelist Johnson, who was driven ont of i
; town because he declared from a pulpit j
| that a majority of Fresno's daughters |
! were unchaste, has returned he is kept
; well secreted. The wrath of the citizens
; has not subsided, and the search i« being
i continued to the end that ;£ the ecclesias
tical accuser is found he will be made to
regrt't that he disobeyed the edict which
! exiled hiii from the city.
The Methodist Board of the K-street I
church met last evening and indorsed
i Johnson's offensive utterances from the
i pulpit. There is now tulk of su : .t> against
| th' local press for large sum--. Walier D.
Tunper and George E. Church have been
j retained to tiring these suits, which, it is
alk'ged, will be filed on Monday.
It is said that Johnson will al*o bring ac-
I tion against the citizens' committee which
conducted the interview with him and his
, friends in the rear of the First National
: Bank Thursday afternoon. This suit will
', be based on the grounds of unlawful de
tention. Many people believe these thincs
are given out as a mere bluff and that
there will be no litigation. George M.
Morse, the alleged wealthy friend of John
son's from Pasadena, is said to be furnish
j ing the sinews of war.
It is reported that Johnson intends to
; preach in the K-street church to-morrow.
Students in Constantinople are forbid
den to frequent theaters, music-halls and
similar puolic places.
BURIED GOLD IN
ALPINE VALLEY.
Charcoal-Burners Locate a
Fortune Hidden Many
Years Ago.
MINER JOHNSON'S CACHE
Mediums Had Vainly Invoked
the Spirits to Recover
the Treasure.
HIS SECRET DIED WITH HIM.
Braved Death Rather Than Surrender
the Metal— Sequel to an Early-
Day Romance.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 28.— For
several weeks reports have been in circula
tion here that two charcoal-burners in
Alpine Valley had unearthed a large
amount of treasure. The laborers sud
denly quit work and began to consume
large quantities of red wine and otherwise
enjoy themselves. During one of these
periods of inebriety the men exhibited a
lot of gold coin and a quantity of gold
nuggets to a rancher in Alpine Valley.
The exhibition of so much wealth by the
heretofore poverty-stricken coal-makers
excited a lively curiosity among the resi
dents of that section, and the fact that tbe
two men had beer at work on the "'John
son place" went far to confirm the reports
of the treasure-trove. By M. W. Tarwater,
who has resided in Alpine Valley for up
ward of thirty years, the reports of the find
are confirmed.
The story of buried wealth on the John
son place has excited the cupidity of doz
ens of people in that vicinity and caused |
many a hard day's digging. More than I
thirty years ago an old miner named John- j
son came to Alpine Valley in search of
health and a quiet place to end his days.
He had plenty of gold dust and money,
and soon purchased a ranch of I'JO acres,
on which he erected a corufortable house
and otherwise improved the place. Shortly
after settling in the valley the old man re
ceived a legacy of over fWOO in gold by the
ileath of a brother in the Ea-t, and having
no confidence in banks the old gentleman !
hid the money with his gold dust in a »aie
place.
The fact that much money was hidden
upon the ranch was generally known to
the neighbors, and one night Johnson was
aroused from his bed by several masked
men who demanded, upon pain of instant
death, to know where the money was hid
den. The miner's answer was a round of
shots from his pistol, and during the con
fusion that followed he escaped to the
shelter of a neighboring ravine. He car
ried a bullet wound in the left shouider.
Here he was shortly afterward found and
removed to the hospital in Santa Rosa.
Johnson lingered between Jife and death
for several months, but finally recovered
sufficiently to be moved to the residence of
Milton Greenlee In Alpine Valley, who
then owned a ranch adjoining the "John
son place." Greatly enfeebled by con
sumption and living constantly in fear of
robbers the old man refused to even visit
his own place alone and soon became
loosed upon as a member of the Greenlee
family. He often said that since the death
of his brother he had no living relatives
and declared his intention of leaving all of
his property to John Greenlee, the six
montus-old son of his host. He delivered
to Mr. Greenlee a holographic will, in
which little John Greenlee was named a3
sole heir. The will particularly described
the ranch and stocK owned by Johnson,
but said nothing of the money. On being
asked as to the whereabouts of the buried
gold the old man said it was so well hidden
that no one but himself could find it, but
he promised to reveal the cache to Green
lee as soon as his health would permit a
visit to the ranch.
Cherishine the delusion that he would
ultimately recover from the dread disease
that was rapidly hurrying him to the grave,
the aged miner kept postponing the prom
ised revelation until his strength was en
tirely gone and he at last knew that he was
on his deathbed. He then vainly tried to
describe to Greenlee where the money was
hidden. He 5-aid that it was among the
roots of a certain madrone tree and told
bow the adjoining trees were marked.
After Johnson's death, Greenlee took
possession of the ranch in the name of his
son, and commenced a systematic hunt for
tne money. Failing, after a iong search,
to find any traces of the poll, the services
of two spirit mediums from San Francisco
were enlisted and their advice strictly fol
iowed.
One of the mediums went into a trance,
and among the visjons that floated through
his inspired brain was a picture of the old
man and three cans of gold at the foot of a
tree. This tree wr.s dug out bodily by the
root? and the ground torn up for a rod or
more around it without reward. The
mediums soon afterward left for San Fran
cisco, and Greenlee, believing that they
had found the money, abandoned any
further search.
Johnson's will, which was never pro
bated, is still in the possession of the
Greenlee family, the ranch having been
sold without the formality of a court or
der. From a daughter of Milton Greenlee,
"residing in this city, it is learned that John
Greenlee, to whom the property was left,
is now living in laiistoga and is about 27
years of a^e. It is al^o learned that the
young man has already retnined a Santa
Rosa lawyer and will invoke (he aid of the
courts to not only recover the money
found by the charcoal-burners but also to
try and recover possession of the ranch,
sold during his minority.
It is said tliat there were three of the
coal-burners who profited by the find, and
that one of them was wise enough to leave
for sunny Iraiy last week, where, under
his own vine and tig tree, he can enjoy his
suddenly acquired wealth without iear of
American courts or heirs.
MEWS OF SAM JOSE.
Objections to the Plowing Up of Normal
School Lawns — Probable Suicide
of a Boy.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 28.— The direc
tors of the Board of Trade will appear be
fore the State Normal School Trustees at
their April meeting and ur.ee the trustees
to desist from plowing up the lawns
around the Normal School.
At the January meeting of the trustees
they decided to plow up the lawns, as they
claimed the yearly appropriation of $2,300
was not sufficient to maintain them. This
caused a roar of indignation from the pub
lic and the Board of Trade appointed a
committee to investigate the cost of main
taining the lawns. The report of the com
mittee fhows the grounds can be kept in
fine shape for less than the yearly appro
priation. The trustees will be asked to re
place the lawns they have destroyed.
MIBBIXO I" It OH HIS HOME.
A Youth Believed to Have Ended Hi*
Life mth a Knife.
BAN JOSE, Cal., March 28.— FranS C.
George, a 19-year-old boy. who has been
residing with M. J. Pimental, an uncle, on
Stockton avenue, has suddenly disap
peared. His mind had been disordered
for some time, and this morning he sharp
ened a butcher-knife with the avowed in
tention of ending his hfe. When last seen
he was making for Guadalupe Creek, but
all efforts to rind him have proved futile.
About two years ago the boy's father
pjisoned his wife and then killed himself
at Halfmoon Bay. It i 3 thought that the
lad has followed his parent's example to
the extent of taking his life.
Grand Lodge Delegate*.
BAN JOSE. Cal.. March 25.-Garden
City Lodge No. 142, I. 0. 0. F., has elected
the following delegates to the Grand Lodge
meeting to be held in Sun Francisco in
May: A. C. Shonp, J. E. Harris, C. H.
Simonds, A. 0. Bates, C. A. Both well and
A. P. Murgotten. Franco-Italian Lodge
No. 242, I. 0. O. F., has elected P. M. A.
Portal delegate to the same meeting.
Sue* for a IHvoree.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 28.— Henry F.
Porter began suit to-day for a divorce
from Ella J. Porter. The couple were
married at "Windsor, Canada, in 1875, and
have nine children. The complaint charges
t at Mrs. Porter deserted her husband
July 12, 1894.
FATE OF A CARSON THIEF.
Henry Piper Sentenced to Pay
a Fine of $300 for Looting
the Mint.
The Jury's Recommeudation Tuat
Mercy Be Shown Results in
a Light Penalty.
CARSON, Nev., March 28.— Henry
Piper, the mint employe, found guilty of
stealing $1 worth of crude amalgam, was
let off with a light sentence to-day. United
States Judge Hawley fined the culprit $300
and waived the imprisonment penalty.
Tne courtroom was packed with people
and the aisles filled. Piper was ordered to
stand up. The Judge looked at him in a
kindly way and speaking quietly, with no
touch of asperity in nls voice, alluded to
the fact that Piper had been for years a
respected citizen of the State, where he
had reared a family and nad been esteemed
by hi' fellow-men." In a moment of weak
ness he had lost respect for his family, his
good wife and his previous good reputa
tion am! committed an illegal act. The
fact that the jury had made a recom
mendation for mercy and also that the
officers of the mint had condoned tne
affair and suppressed it for nearly three
years was taken into consideration. If
the mint officials had done their duty and
brought offenders to justice when the
crimes were committed, it seemed to him
that so much dishonest work would not
have existed in the institution. He was
unable to understand the principles of any
busine«s man in a public institution who
permitted h thief to »o at liberty simply
with a discharge. tTe was satisfied that
mercy in this case would result in no repe
tition of tne offense, and felt from the bot
tom of his heart that the accused had
\ made a bitter repentence for his act and
■ iiad already suffered creat mental anguish:
i He would waive the imprisonment and fix
I the fine at $300.
The spectators had been listening with
j great attention to the words of the Judge,
! and when the merciful sentence fell from
! his lips there was a burst of applause
i which was promptly checked by the Court.
The tine was paid to-day.
•
Sonoma's Convention Called.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., March 28.— The
j Republican County Committee convened
! in this city to-day to nxed a place for
' holding the County Convention. Sonoma
was selected as the place and Aprill 11 as
the date. The convention will consist of
138 delegates, who will in turn select dele
nates to the Sacramento convention on
I May 5. The primaries were set for April 6.
! Albert G. Burnett tendered his resignation
j as chairman of the committee and Hon.
\ Walter F. Piice of Forestville was elected
; to succeed him.
Hot'-l Burned at Geneva, If. T.
GENEVA, K. V., March 28.— The Ridley
Hotel was burned this morning.
JNO. MONAHAN, 432 Commercial Street.
As I live by the pen I must say that one of the most pleasant and affable gentle-
men it has been my good fortune to meet politely gave me an interview yesterday.
His name is John Monahan ami he is a printer. A printer known far and wide on the
Pacific Coast. People had told me of Mr. Monahan so that I had come prepared to
meet a good-natured man and was not at all embarrassed when he smilingly told me
what he thought of California, her products and her SarsapariUa. Said he: "On the
subject of Sarsaparilla my ODinion is fixed. While I have no reason to know or to say
that other sarsapariliaa are of no value, I have every reason to know and to say that
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilja is of inestimable value, for not only have some of ray
relatives used it, but I have actualiy tried the Sarsaparilla and know its true value.
It is a delicate matter for one to speak of the virtues of a proprietary remedy, never-
theless, the truth stands in the bright light of reason and overcomes delicate feelings,
for the truth is mighty, and the migtity truth is that Joy's Sarsaparilla Is made of
California herbs and contains no deleterious mineral poisons. I am personally ac-
quainted with a gentleman who suffered from violent headaches and he suffered con-
tinuously, and perhaps would have been suffering now but that he used the home
remedy. Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. He recommends Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
and so do I. It is a very pleasing remedy for women, because it is not nasty to the
taste and its effects are pleasant. In the Spring of the year when nature is at work
renewing herself, he who desires to renew and make rich the blood can do no better
than use the home remedy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsapariila."
As I left John Monahan the printer I could not help but think whattn abundance
of philosophic humor he possessed. HENRY TILLMAN.
MAY BE ORDERED
TO LEAVE CHINO
Citizens Rise Up Against
a Christian Science
Doctor.
AN INFANT SACRIFICED.
Coroner's Jury Decides That It
Died Because of Willful
Neglect.
WAS GIVEN NO MEDICINE.
Piotests of Neighbors Ignored by the
Parents — The Community
Enraged.
BAN BERNARDINO, Cal., March 28.—
The people of Chino are enraged because
of the death of a child under Christian
science treatment, and it is intimated that
Dr. Mrs. Viola Brown will be asked to
leave the town at once. Coroner Keating
was summoned to Chino on Tuesday to
investigate the death of the 13-month
old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 0. Sedgwick,
who was taken ill ten days ago with a bad
cold. Neighbors visiting the parents, and
seeing the condition oi ttie child, had pro
tested ti:at a physician should be called in
to attend the little sufferer, bat as the
parents had been ill a week previous, and
had become well presumably through the
efforts of Dr. Brown, she was sent for to
pray and administer to the baby.
As the days went by the babe grew
worse and still the parents refused to call
a reguiar physician until the little girl
was beyond earthly aid. At the inquest
held yesterday the Coroner called the
father to the stand and in the coarse of
Sedgewick's testimony he said :
"I believe if Christian science could not
cure the child it would have died any
way."
After hearing all the testimony the jury
rendered the following verdict: "Died
from pneumonia through the willful
nPL'lect of the parents."
T c feeling against Dr. Brown is very
bitter and it is said that she will be com
pelled to leave Chino if she doe 3 not go
willingly.
JFOKGER I) ILL OS KEIAKEX.
Had Itcice Escaped J-'rom San JJernaT*
ditto County Officers.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., March 28.—
During the last three months Tod Dillon
has given the officers of San Bernardino
County as much trouble as could be ex
pected from one man. Dillon is a forger,
Having forged a pay check on the Sar.ta
Fe roa<i for $14 35. While en route to San
Bernardino from Barstow, he was arrested
and, when taken to ;he latter place, es
caped and was at liberty a few days. Then
he was recaptured. He was again taken
to Barstow, and put into the town jail
with both hands and feet ironed.
While the constable was going for a
meal Dillon slipped out, leaving the leg
irons, but retaining the fandcuffs. No
trace of him could be found until to-day,
when a telegram came from Los Angeles,
statine that villon was again in custody.
As Dillon is a desperate man he will be
closely guarded this time.
Bain. Benefits Crops.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., March 28.—
A splendid rain slipped in from the ocean
to-day, and to-night 1.13 inches had been
added to the total for the season, bringing
it up to 7.01 inches. Grain, hay and potato
fields have been benefited.
Chiri feoff Bay Blizzard.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 28.— The Pa
cific Whaling Company's steamer Jeannie
of San Francisco, just in from Alaska, re
ports having for eighteen hours encoun
tered an Arctic blizzard in Chirikoff Bay,
Northern Alaska, and narrowly escaping
destruction. Almost at the first approach
of the storm the vessel was clad in an
armor of ice. Great icicles were hanging
from the yards and the crew had to cut
away the icejwith axes. The Jeannie left
Sau Francisco about six weeks ago, bound
for Chilquil Bay with cannery supplies.
56
THEY PLAYED
FOR CHARITY.
The Alameda Boy Actors
in Leland Ramsdell's
Comedy.
SOME GOOD STAGE WORK
A Pretty Performance That
Brought Money for the
Alameda Poor.
GIRLS IN SONGS AND DANCES.
The Audience, Composed Mainly of
Students and Children, Was a
Merry One.
The comedy, "Fifteen Thousand Dol
lars, or a Lottery Ticket," written by Le-
Jand S. Ramsdel), a boy of 15 years, was
played in Alarneda yesterday afternoon.
CLARENCE OIIVSF*
LELAND.S RAM*>DI»UU
Lcland S. Ramsdcll, the Alameda IBoy Dramatist, and Actors Oliver and Clark.
[Drawn by a "Call" artist from photographs.]
It was a charity performance, the pro. i
ceeds to be distributed to poor people of
the city by the "Woman's Exchange, and
it was a success financially as well as in an
artistic way.
Armory Hall was well filled, about 300
representatives of the leading Alameda
families being in the audience. Most of
those present were boys and girls. There
were tots of 4 or o years who stood up in i
the aisles or on the chairs and clapped
their tiny hands at every outbreak of ap- j
plause, tiny chaps who tumbled head over |
heels when they tried to walk rapidly over
the floor, which had recently been waxed
for dancing, and kindergarten delegates
who gazed at the weapons of Company G
and tried to identify letters in the big
black signs:
PLEASE PUT YOUR GLOVES
ON BEFORE HANDLING
THESE RIFLES.
There were laughing boys and pirls of i
from 5 to 15 years, there were quieter i
youths and maidens of more than the lat
ter age, and there were numerous grown
up people who watched the merry scene. I
In tlie comedy that was presented Le
land Ramsdell. the author, took the role
of Farmer Pumpkinhead. He played his
part with ability, and his acting showed j
that he has already civen study to the pro
fession that be is preparing to adopt.
Herbert Clark made the most decided j
hit, however. He assumed the character !
of Mrs. Pumpkinbead, and few of the pro
fessional impersonators on the theatrical '
Btage could have done better with the op- [
portunities afforded in the part written j
ior this boy. Of course, the boyish face
and voice were advantages, but the char- j
acter was well sustained in every wav and
the acting was excellent. The kitchen
scene, with Mrs. Pumpkinhead kneading '
<lough would have thoroughly amused j
any critical pudience.
Clarence Oliver looks aristocratic, and
perhaps that is why he was better as Mr.
Vanderbtlt tbanjas the bunko-steerer. His
make-up as an elderly millionaire was
effective and natural, and he played the
van with a quiet dignity that was very
becoming to him.
George Macaulay was a highly amusing
Dick Smart, particularly when he was be
ing mesmerized by Mr. Pumpkinhead.
As Sum Vandcrbilt, the mischievous son
of the millionaire, he was aiso successful.
In addition to the comedy, a pretty pro
gramme of music and recitations was pre
sented. Miss Helen Entzmann's solo,
"Angel's Serenade," was the opening se
lection. A skirt dance by Miss Daisy
Vcaco was beautifully performed ana was
one of the prettiest features of the enter
tainment.
Miss Isabella McCurrie of 2225 Clinton
avenue displayed her bjjth elocutionary
ability in a humorous recitation for the
children, and when tumultuousiy recalled
by the little ones she gave an exquisite
rendition of James Whitcornb Riley's
"There, Little Girl, Don't Cry."
Clarence Oliver, the young actor, sang a
couple of songs, one of which was "Ben
Bolt." Miss Isabel Lindeman recited "A
Mortifying Mistake" in a very pretty
manner. Miss Rita Mylotte of Oakland
gave an exhibition of club-swinging, with
a piano accompaniment by Miss LaUra
Kirknes^. Miss Mylotte handled the
clubs with skill. She is one of the most
graceful pc; formers on this coast.
Eileen and Sylvia McCurrie, girls of 9
and 11 years, were exouisite in their song
and dance, "Coming Through the Rye."
There was nothing more artistic on the
entire programme. The elder child re
sponded to the encore with "Won't You
Come Out and Play?"'
The song, "What Could Little Dorris
Do?" was sweetly sung by Miss Ruth
Sueldon. Herbert Clark, Leland Rams
dell and Clarence Oliver opened in char
acter as "Three Old Jays." A piano solo
by Miss Entzmanu concluded that portion
of the entertainment.
As may be imagined, the applause
throughout the afternoon was tremendous.
A schoolboy had some sort of a triangle
contrivance in the gallery, and he beat
time for the clapping and the whistling
and the occasional cheering with which
the encores were given.
It was a glorious day for the children of
Alameda, and with all the fun, a large
amount of money was raised for the poor —
just how much is not yet known. Among
the people prominent in the audience were :
HERBERT CuJfcx;
Mrs. Dr. Van Orden, Mrs. Linderman,
Miss Marie Hunter, Mrs. Justin Hopkins, j
Mrs. Fred W T hite, Mrs. Will Gormley, '
Mrs. Crawford, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Me- j
| Currie, Miss Mitchell, the Misses Tisdale,
I Mrs. George Plummer, Mrs. Harry Rams- ;
dell, Mrs. Graves, Miss Mamie Lancaster,
Miss Mary Lindeman, Miss Charlotte ■
' Clark, Miss Daisy Crawford, Miss Mabel
i Brien, Mrs. Webster, Miss Alice Seeley, j
: Miss Eva Lindeman, Miss Bessie Mac- j
■ auiay, Mrs. Brandon, Miss Newhall, Mrs. |
| Hammond, Mrs. Bennett, Miss Wheeler, j
I Miss Daisy Crawford, Mi? 3 Bertha Craw- !
\ ford, Miss Kittie Gardner, Mrs. Roberts,
' Miss Susie Roberts, Mrs. J. F. Veaco, Mise
Daisy Smith, Miss Sadie Clapp and Miss ;
( Vena Noy.
CHARTER OF LYON POST.
Cause Shown to the Council of Admin
istration Why It Should Xot
Be Revoked.
Th« council of administration of the
Grand Army of the Republic, Department
of California and Nevada, met at the St.
Ann's building last night to hear repre
sentatives of Lyon Post, Oakland, on an
order to show cause why the charter of the
post should not be revoked. The pro
ceedings grew out of the resolutions of the
post condemning tne management of the
Veterans' Home.
Department Commander Wilson pre
sided at the session of the council. Other
members of the council present were:
Comrades Sullivan, MastelW, Wiegand,
Jacobs, Burgess, Cahen and Robinson.
Among the comrades present from Lyon
Post were: Judge Gibson, Mr. Talcott,
Comrade Norton, the adjutant, and Major
Wood war. 1.
Ail the proceedings relating to the adop
tion of the resolutions were reviewed and
the position of the post explained.
The deuartment commander announced
that the decision of the council would not
be made immediately.
Several Grand Army men, who discussed
the matter on the outside while the coun
cil was in executive session, expressed the
opinion that the charter of the post would
not be revoked.
The Trades Alliance.
The leaders of the Trades Alliance "will
next week send invitations to each union
in the City to send delegates to the meet
ing which will be field next Sunday at
1159 Mission street. According to the de
cision of that body at its list meeting,
each union may be represented by one
delegate for its charter and one delegate
for each 100 members or the majority frac
tion thereof. Matters of great interest to
trades unions will be discussed.
Family Injured.
Patrick Crecdon, a laborer, 49 years of age,
died at St. Mary's Hospital last evening from
the rp=uit of injuries received in a railroad
accident at Fourth and Kin* streets yesterday
afternoon. The body was taken to the Morgue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
A JOKER IN THE
CONVENTION CALL
McNab Worked in an Inno
vation in Democratic
Politics.
TO APPOINT DELEGATES.
The Junta Makes a Move Toward
Getting a Constitution and
By-Laws.
RAINEY GOES BUT TO RETURN.
Dick Creighton Tells a Story on Braun
hart and O'Donnell Starts for
Congress.
Chairman W. P. Sullivan of the Junta
! last evening announced his appointment
j of the following committee to prepare a
constitution and by-laws for the general
committee:
Twenty-eighth District, John Welch ; Twenty
ninth, John Allen; Thirtieth, John Devaney;
Thirty-tirst, W. A. Asmussen; Thirty-secoud,
W. H. Harrison; Thirty-third. S. K. O'Keefe;
Thirty-fourth, Paul B. Hay; Thirty-fifth, John
H. Grad} ; Thirty-sixth, E. P. Mogan ; Thirty
seventh," M. EL >iead; Thirty-eighth, M. <.;m;h
blatt; Thirty-ninth, \V. J. Gavigan; Fortieth,
M. Jasper McDonald; Forty-first, T. \V. DoyJe;
Forty-second, Frank MoKlfath; Forty-third, T.
J. Pinder; Forty-tilth, Thomas Murray.
Chairman Sullivan thought this would
start trouble enougn for one time, and so
the appointment of the committee on
grievances is delayed until next meeting.
The Junta has so long used the "oilroom'
at headquarters for a constitution and
Gavin McNab for its by-laws that there
are some doubts that the organization will
know what to do with the other kind.
There is also some surprise that the little
coterie of bosses should have the temerity
to risk the presence of written regulations.
This committee will meet to-morrow
evening at the headquarters in the Flood
building. It wilt not be likely to report
any fettering constitution for several
weeks, but one will be adopted just before
the State Convention, that it may be put
on lite a new suit to go to Sacramento
with.
It is through this committee that the
scheme of appointing delegates is most
likely to be brought forward if a possi- :
bility of doing it appears when the time |
comes. Whether delegates are appointed '
or not will depend upon how Sullivan,
McNab and a few others stand in regard
to Daggett and Rainey when the time
comes.
Daggett is bound to control the Junta's
San Francisco delegation to Sacramento,
with fair concessions to Welburn, and !
Raincy will backDagcettin the State fight
in retvirn for Dazgett's help Jater in his
Winning and using the organization in j
local politics for himself. Ed Lanigan's !
interests are all local or legislative, and so ■
he will stand in on the State Convention !
wherever his personal interests in local [
politics direct. Few people have doubts
that he will be with Rainey.
Sam Rainey goes to ban Bernardino
County this week, leaving his political ]
forces in the hands of George Maxwell and \
Eddie Greany, to be used as Daggelt
directs. Having secured control of the ;
Junta he sees that it is good politics for
him to clear out fora wnile. When the
State Convention is over, or before, he will
return expecting to go ahead with Dag
gett's forces and his own anU manipulate
local politics.
This plan of appointing deleeates to the
Slate Convention, something almost un
heard of in the party, appears to have been
early planned. It has been discovered !
that there was a little joker in the State
Convention call quickly read and adopted
at the recent meeting of the State Central
Committee which Gavin McNab passed
with Chairman Gould's assistance.
This call is a new thing in Democratic
politics of California in that it contains a
covert provision for the appointment of
delegates. The call says:
Resolved. That members of «nid State Conven
tion be selected in such a manner as the vari
ous county committees shall determine to be
expedient, the holding of primary elections,
therefore, being recommended wherever prac
ticable.
So far the Junta has been run on lines of
"expediency," and the State call was
especially framed so that McMab would be
free to manipulate an arbitrary appoint
ment of delegates if that course turned out
to be expedient in tne interests of "de
cency, clean politics and anti-bossisra."
Of course the same course is open to
county committees all over the State..
The universal custom of the party has been
to order primaries in the call fur the State
Convention. Tne corresponding paragraph
in the call of l&OO is typical of all fii the
history of the party. It was as follows:
Resolved, That in the election of delegates
from the different counties to the State con
vention ail such delegates shall be elected !
I either at open or club nrimuries held for that
j purpose, or by delegates selected at an open or
i club primary to county convention, called for
| the purpose of selecting such delegates to the
: State Convention.
The Junta is a queer mess of practical
j politics. With Ramey and Daggett in
i control for a division of spoils Ed Lani
j Kan "playing for place" and a number of
reformers who are struggling to make
the party decent and give the City a clean
| government by putting themselves in
; office, there is a lot of peculiar manipulat
! me: going on. McNab, Sullivan, Braun
hart, Hassett and a few more are still
loudly proclaiming that the "decent" ele
ment controls and will win out. Bam
Rainey doesn't say anythine, but lie
knows a heap.
The Twenty-ninth District is one that is
; Dcins watched with great interest. Sam i
j Braunhart declares that the Raineyites '.
' haven't a ghost of a show in his district, !
j and that the decent people there, who are
j standing by him in the interest of pure
politics, can even win at a primary.
However, Braunhart is mightily wor
! ried, and almost the entire band of politi
: cai workers of this famous south-of-Market
district are again.-t him. The Rainey
; Daggett boys are all working against him,
; and the Buckleyites, who have the largest
j numbers in that district, hate him.
But Braunhart is doing politics and the
| Twenty-ninth may yet stand forth tri
j umphantly for "decency,' 1 with "excel-
I sior" on its banner. Richard Creighton
j tells a story of politics in the Twenty
! ninth. '"Dick" is a member ol the Buck
j ley general committee from that district.
"I am out of politics," said Mr. Creigh
ton last evening, "and I'm earning an
honest living. Of course I know some
thing about how things are going down
there. Braunhart! Great Scott! That fel
low came to me about a week and a half
ago and he proposed to me that I stand in
with him with my friends, go over to the
Junta and name half the delegates.
"I was to help make him State Senator
and then take the works. Weil, 1 would
hardly go into another combination like
that when lam on the big end now. Me-
Nab, Braunhart and those fellows make
me laugh when they talk about 'pure poli
tics.' They would do politics with the
devil if they thought it was to their inter,
est to do t>o."
C. C. O'Donnell will not run for Mayrr
this year. He will run, though. He" is
going to be a candidate for Congress from
the Fourth District and bury Muguire.
. ■■ ' ■ / ; - . .■. •..' '. , . ;• i. ■ --^-r;;^V- '■ NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS- -^ X- ; ■ - ' '■ ' w^ ww _ v .
I OUR CLOAK AND SUIT OPENING ! 1
SZ To-morrow marks the opening of the largest, best selected and most moderate-priced stock of Ladies' Cloaks, 12
£ Jackets, Capes, Suits, Skirts and Waists shown in San Francisco. Our department has undergone a complete change
since last season, both in its personnel and arrangement. We now have the best lighted, nicest equipped and most -^
\%z comfortable and commodious Cloak and Suit rooms to be found on the Pacific Coast, while the goods themselves in =^
ig: style, price and quality keep pace with the live methods adopted and carried out all through our establishment. Our -^
i workrooms have been enlarged, new operatives have been engaged, and with a full complement of the latest Parisian
i C and New York models, and the necessary materials for copying same, we are in a position to turn out to special order _--
| g; the highest class of Ladies' Tailor Work, placing such class of garments, by reason of our specially low prices, within
the reach of those who have heretofore considered Tailor-made Costumes out of their reach. 22
1 sj^ . ■■■-_ ' : — , •^*fi>y't 1 : ■ ; — " |H2
I LADIES' CAPES.
■ it (•> \d Ladies' Cloth Capes in shades
| g~~ ill «P-.vv. of tan and navy blue, trimmed
i t»— with Persian soutache "braid and silk
j y~~ stitching. • " .
g"~. If d»Q K A Ladies' English Kersey Cloth
i gz ill »pO.wv. Capes, in tan and navy blue,
i *T~~ some richly, braided with Persian col-
! m*~ lar and satin bow in front, others cut
*T~ military style, perfectly plain, three-
, <»— quarter length with velvet collars,
! *^~ either of .them a most desirable gar-
*►- ment for the price.
5- hi AA Ladies' Tan English Kersey
g— ill •pT.VV. Cloth Capes, some trimmed
Sr with gold tinsel braiding and small
y- gold buttons, others with, seal brown
mZZ braids and satin bows; a very jaunty
little style.
SI If $\ AA Ladies' Tan Kersey Cloth
g~ ill »^«/tVV. Capes, piped with gold tinsel
braid, military revers with large but-
g~ tons down the front and velvet collar?.
»- Another style is of Navy Blue Kersey
g- Cloth, embroidered in silk and orni'-
»_ raented with small pearl buttons. At
g— this price we can show over twenty
«k_ different styles to select from.
«^- U 4,' ft A A Ladies' Tan Cloth Capes,
g— ill tpO.lfV. lined with silk, handsome
4^- scalloped velvet collar and pretty satin
J^; bow in front, also a different style, ele-
SS^ gantly trimmed with colored spangled
«fc— bordering and braiding ; either of them
»— are very swell.
gT~ if fan ?a Ladies' Cloth Capes in the
ill •p<.»)V. new shade of tan, trimmed
g~ with Persian velvet in Van Dyke points
<&- and small gold' buttons, and at the
*T"" same price another style lined with
•— silk, trimmed with the same style vel-
2T~ 1 vet and tiny pearl buttons and notched
•— collar. . They are both exceedingly
22 handsome capes.
S>~ if d» AA A Indies' Black Velvet Capes,
•»-- ill •pw.Vv. with jabot ruche collar,
handsome accordeon pleated silk band
z around shoulders, giving a most grace-
ful and rich appearance, lined with
: silk all through and handsome satin
**— bow at neck.
If 4*l A AA Ladies' Black Velvet Capes,
g"~. Al .pIV.Vv, silt lined, ornamented with
■■- bright iridescent beads in handsome
gT~ designs, edged with knife-pleated silk,
•- handsome satin bow in back and large
* ribbon bow at neck. : r. : . j
2fc= If tota ca Ladies' Black Silk Capes,
1 Al •pli.OV. silk lined, magnificently
fc: trimmed with black and white deep
m>~ silk Chantilly lace, two bands of jet
g— trimmings and jabot ruche collar, hn-
ished in front with satin ends; a most
beautiful and stylish cape.
g- AIT 1) T Al T l7lTir^ in Cloth. Velvet and
211 Utlt llUlfiLllL> silk Capes are perfect
*g~" dreams. They cannot be adequately
•fc^" -.';■ described. The prices range from $15
5^T to $40; and at each price are marvels |
of beauty. ;i, < .-,.-
THE STRIKE ALMOST OVER
Many Journeymen Painters at
Work for the Friendly
Bosses.
TWO IMPORTANT INTERVIEWS.
Union Men Say the Fight Is Rapidly
Narrowing to a Few Master
Painters.
The strike of the journeymen painters
is gradually narrowing down until it is
now practically directed against only a
few members of the Master Painters' As
sociation instead of the entire body of
bosses as it was a week ago. Since the
strike has been raised against the friendly
bosses others who held out are gradually
coming into line. While among the lat
ter there are a number who will not openly
declare in favor of the union's demands
they are allowing their shops to become
unionized without interference.
This, the strikers say, is all they want,
and these victories are of that nature that
they are not disposed to "crow," not wish
ing to lose the advantages gained by open
proclamation.
The strikers were much interested in the
way President Black of the Master Paint- ;
ers' Association said the card system could
be defeated. Mr. Black's method was to
keep union painters only on those jobs .
where other craftsmen of the Building j
Trades Council are employed and work j
non-union men on all otner job?.
President Rose said: "Mr. Black's sup- j
gewtion would be good if he could get |
union painters to work for him. Until he j
accedes to all the demands of the union he :
cannot get union men to work on any of '
his jobs. So you see his game will not
work."
When the union decided to allow the
men to go back to work for the friendly
bosses it was with the understanding that
those who worked would contribute 50
cents a day from their earnings for every
day t :ey worked to the union's relief
fund.
A large number of the boys were paid
last evening and they at once handed in
their donations. About $70 was received
last evening and more will come in Mon
day evening, as many of the bosses pay on
that day of the week."
The painters' benefit in the Bush-street
Theater next Wednesday evening will
probably add many hundred dollars to the
relief fund.
A BRIGHTER OUTLOOK.
The Strikers Receive Encouraging
Words From the Nevada City
Miners' Union.
The regular morning meeting of the
striking painters was held in the Temple
at 115 Turk street yesterday. The decreas
ing attendance at these meetings is re
garded with great satisfaction by the
leaders, as it shows that the men have
found employment in the shops of the
friendly bosses. The registration of idle
union painters, too, is lighter. Several re
ports were made of men having gone to
work. There were one or two reports of
men who had proved unfaithful to their
SEPARATE SKIRTS.
M*Q \i\ Ladies' Dress Skirts, made
•pd.»)V. of black serge, lined all
through and finished at the bottom
with velvet binding, would be a de-
cided bargain at $5.
Jit 0"i Fancy Figured Black Alpaca
. ill V.'JO. Dr,ess Skirts, lined through-
out with rustic percaline and finished
at bottom with velveteen binding.
M^AA Plain Black Silk Luster Al-
•p*),\t", paca Dress Skirts, cut full
I flaring shape in seven gores, five yards
wide at bottom, lined with, rustic per-
caline and finished with velveteen
braid.
M&6 AA Fancy and Plain Sicilian Mo-
»pv»VV. hair Dress Skirts, seven gores,
five yards wide and flaring shape all
around, lined with rustle percaline and
bound with velveteen.
M*lA AA $11, $12, $15, $20 and $25
«P1 VivV, we are showing a collection
o i new style Opera Front and Flaring
Skirts of- the most fashionable ma-
terials, such as plaids, crepons, mo-
hairs, silks and satins. They must be
seen to be appreciated. Skirts made to
special measure by MEN TAILORS.
EASTER SILK WAISTS.
Mtf»l Jin New Shape Waists, made of
•p-t.VV. pretty wash silks in shades of
pink, gray and light blue, the collars,
cuffs and shoulder-straps are orna-
mented with tiny pearl buttons, full
bishop sleeves arid turned over cuffs,
lined all through. A very pretty and
dressy waist.
If d»~. AA Plain India Silks in evening
ill •P'itVVi shades, such as pink or blue,
yellow and cream, lined all through
with lawn, full bishop sleeves, novelty
slashed collar and belt, trimmed with
two rows of narrow black velvet ribbon.
Md»7 r A Novelty Waists of Plaid and
»pitUlF< Fancy Flowered and Dresden
Silks, also solid Black Silks infancy
stripes and figures, novelty collars and
cuffs and full new style bishop sleeves,
all trimmed in different ways with nar-
row laces or miniature buttons. -
If (AM $10, $12 50, $15 and $17 50
ill tPv.U". we are showing the highest
class novelties made of Fancy Dresden,
Persian, Empire and Pompadour Silks,
trimmed with laces, buttons and vel-
vets in corresponding and contrasting
colors. Our collection of Novelty Waists
is unparalleled.
Mail Orders must be sent at once to se-
cure bize and color wanted. Don't delay.
** *Prqp™ # $hz Hojxc^^
>iiU»miiutuaa>ataui t matmiaaimiUiiuuiU<aiaituiutuUi
union obligations by going to work for
bosses who are recognized as enemies of
the union. These men will be investigated
and summarily dealt with by the union in
the near future.
A report was made that caused great
indignation on the part of the painters. It
seems that soon alter the strike began a
painter named Oliver McGinty caused the
relief committee to believe that he was in
destitute circumstance?. He was given $5
to tide over his distress, notwithstanding
that he had been in the union only a very
short time. Those who are watching the
unfriendly shops reported that McGinty is
at work in the shop of an avowed enemy.
When reproached for his conduct, ie was
reported that McGinty answered that he
would return the $5 and that the union
could go to a place where there is no need
for strikes. At this stage of the strike such
ingratitude is likely to cause trouble for
the ingrate.
A cheerful letter was read from the
Miners' Union of Nevada City, accom
panied by a set of resolutions indorsing
the painters' strike. The miners express
the hope that the strikers will win their
right. They promised to elect one of their
members to the Assembly at the next
election who will endeavor to have en
acted laws for the beneht of the working
classes.
A lettei was received from the painters
in Sacramento, asking for the San Fran
cisco union to send an organizer to the
capital and organize a painters' union
there. The wish will be complied with at
once. This will bring three painters'
unions under one head. It is expected
that nearly every journeyman painter in
Sacramento will join the union.
MAY YET AGREE.
Two Employing: Painters Confer
With the Leaders of the
Painters' Union.
Two important conferences were held
3 r esterday and last evening which will
probably have considerable bearing upon
the strike. One was between M. J. Dono
van and the strike leaders, and the other
was between J. St. Denis and President
Rose of the Painters' Union. St. Denis
and Donovan are among the largest of the
employing painters, and while neither will
"bacK ciown" in the position they have
taken they may be induced to entertain a
proposition that may lead to a better re
lationship with the union men.
Donovan is expected to start on a large
contract to paint Frank Sullivan's row of
houses, on Mission street, near Sixth, to
morrow morning. It is understood that
he will leave the entire job in the hands of
his foreman, who will hire only union
painters, at the rate of $3 for 8 hours' work.
Such an arrangement would unionize the
shop to all intents and purposes without
interfering with Mr, Donovan's position in
the premises. It i« said that nearly all of
Mr. Donovan's old hands will return to
work to-morrow morning, and that such
additional help as will be required has
already been selected. If such be the case
a great pressure will be taken off the strike
aituation.
Last evening a long interview was held
between Mr. St. Denis, who has the big
painting contract on the Panott buildin<r,
and President Rose. Mr. St. Denis said
that he is losing money every day, and
he would like to tee the' difficulty settled.
Mr. Rose answered that the Painters'
Union has never yet refused to make a
settlement of any difficulty. Had the
Master Painters' Association presented
any kind of a proposition it would have
been respectfully considered.
They never submitted a proposition and
even ignored the suggestions of liieir own
committee appointed to confer with the
union's committee. Upon Mr. St. Denis
again stating that he would like very much
to see the matter settled so he could go on
with the work Mr. Rose told him to pre
pare a proposition, which would receive a
respectful consideration by the union.
The interview closed with the understand
LADIESVSUITS.
Md|" AA Ladies' Cloth Suits, in black
•pv.vV. and navy blue, blnzer jacket,
with new style slashed sailor collaraud
six-gored full skirt. Also a line of
Mixed Cheviot Suits, in shades of gray
and brown, box-coat jackets and full
lined skirts.
Md>~ "A Ladies' Cheviot Serge Suits,
•pl»»lv. in black and navy blue, B-
button front box-coat jackets with mil
ripple back, lined with satine, eight-
gored skirt, lined with rustle percaline.
At same price a line of All-wool Invisible
Checked Cheviot Suits, made with full- "
lined double-breasted box-coat jackets
and eight-gored skirts lined all through.
M<t*l>) \fi Ladies' Suits, made of the
•pl-.»Ju. new all-wool Sale cloths,
in the favorite brownish tan shade, .
short box-coat jacket with ripple back
and seven-gored flaring skirt, lined all
through with rustle percaline.
For those of quiet taste we show at this
price a line of Elegant Suits made of
all-wool black storm serge, box-coat
jackets with the new style cluster but-
ton fronts and ripple back, eight-gored
skirt five yards at bottom and lined all
through with rustle percaline.
MiMl A A Ladies' Navy Blue and Black
•pIT.UV. All-wool Serge Suits, new
style six-button front cutaway jackets,
with ripple back, revers finished with,
rows of tailor stitching and ornamented
with tiny pearl buttons, lined all
through with fancy striped silk, full
flaring eight-gored skirt, lined with
rustle percaline and finished at bottom
with velveteen binding.
4*l". AA Ladies' Suits of fancy mot-
AL tpl'JtVV' tied mixtures, jackets cut in
novelty single-breasted square-shape
front and ripple back, fancy novelty
collar and turn-back cuffs, trimmed
with gilt tinsel, mixed braid and Dres-
den button at top, lined all through
with striped silk, extra full flaring
gored skirt, lined with rustle percaline
and finished around the bottom with
velveteen binding.
In addition to the few special style? men-
tioned we are showing a very choice
collection of Real Stylish Suits at
$17 50. $20, $25 and $35, as well as
Pattern Suits, which we are prepared
to copy in any color or style of ma-
terial.
Our new Spring Catalogue will
soon be ready. Sent free for the
asking.
: :
ing that a proposition looking to a settle
ment between Mr. St. Denis and the union
would be prepared soon.
A DESTITUTE STRIKER.
The Relief Committee's Timely Aid
to a Family That Had Been
Evicted.
One of those pathetic incidents that al
ways attend a labor strike came to light
yesterday through the relief committee.
The case was reported in the morning
meeting by Mr. Ames. It seems that a
union painter living on Bryant street, near
Eighth, went out when the union ordered
the strike. Like many of the laboring
class, he had not been able to save any
money ahead for the rainy day, and when
that day came he was unprepared.
Work as hard as he might the painter
had not been able to earn over $8 or $9 a
week, for even in good times he was un
able to keep continuously at work. When
he went out with the others he had only a
few dollars, which did not go far in pro
viding for a wife and live young children.
The greatest frugality was practiced in
the household and the family managed to
exist.
Yesterday morning a crisis came. The
landlord had on several occasions given
notice that the rent must be paid up or
the premises vacated. It was then that
the man laid the case before the relief
committee, who promised to be with him
in an hour. "When the man returned to
his home he found ail of his household
effects had been moved out on the side
walk. A. little later Ames and Me Ivor
reached the scene of poverty. Ames
started out and soon found another house
upon which he advanced the price of the
rent. \Mclvor in the meantime had not
been.idle and a little later the butcher,
grocer and baker were at the house bear
ing evidence of the relief committee's
•worn.
The painter said that he would attend
to the moving of his furniture, but he
made a miscalculation and again the com
mittee wa3 called upon. The expressman
had kept the until the cartage was
paid, it took an hour to find the express
man in order to get back the stove. The
members of the striking painter's family,
with tears in their eyes, thanked the com
mittee as the latter Hastened away upon
other missions of relief.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
On May 1 the Minimum, of Carpen-
ters' Wages Will Bo Three
Dollars.
On April 1, when the working-card sys
tem of the Building Trades Council goes
j into effect, there will not be a single con
| tractor in this City who can justly say
] that he has not been notified of the fact.
j The various unions in the trade are not
satisfied that the matter has been dis
cussed among the members of the jiuild-
I ers' Exchange, but each union workman
has been instructed to personally notify
his employer.
The same may be said of the carpenters'
, determination to secure $3 as the minimum
! for a day's wages. In order not to cause
] tbe contractors any loss in figuring upon
j contracts, the union set May 1 as the date
for enforcing the $3 rate. That all con
| tractors may be fully notified, the follow
ing circular will be sent out next week by
the carpenters' district council:
Haix of District Coi-ncil, 1
Combined Carpenters and Joiners of S F
The Tkmple. 115 lurk Street ' (
San Francisco, Cal., March 30, 1896
To Contractors aud All Interested Parties in the
City and County of San Francisco: This circular
is sent to notify you that on and after May 1
1896, the union carpenters will enforce the" $3
per day minimum wage on all work done in
the City and County of Han Francisco. Re
spectfully yours, District Council
City und County of San Francisco.
Per L, D. Gordon, Recording Secretary
LADIES' JACKETS. i
Md'O M Ladies' Navy Blue and Black -«
'P^.vV. Melton Cloth Jackets, box r3»
front, ripple back, large full sleeves. -^»
M 4* I AA Ladies' Tan Melton Cloth
ill •PtiVv. Jackets, box front, pleated ~^
back, large leg of mutton sleeves, — «
velvet notched collar. 23
M J»- AA Ladies' Tan Kersey Cloth
til »p»Ji"V. Jacket , box front, ripple- ' -»r
pleat back, stitched seams, handsome ~*^
pearl buttons. _-...
At same price a special value, made of ""^*
electric blue kersey cloth, box front "ZSm
and back, velvet collars and extra large ""*
sleeves, ornamented with large pearl n3j>
center jet buttons, a very stunning ana ~^
jaunty jacket. —^>
At this price we can show you over 50 dif- -»»
ferent styles of jackets in every color — «
and kind of material. It is a leading -*■;
price with us. — ■«
M*/« AA Ladies' Tan Color English """•
•pU.vv. Kersey Cloth Jackets, box —^
front and back, velvet collars, full ~^jg
sleeves, large fancy buttons on front. —^
2
§*7 KA Ladies' English Kersey Cloth 12
ill •pltVvt Jackets, in the new tan color, **^
box front and latest fan pleat back, _-3
velvet collar and very full sleeves, front ~*^
ornamented with twelve handsome ..,_,
pearl buttons. This jacket is an excep- ~^*
tionally tine value.
M^IA A A Two distinctly different r2|
»pIV.VV. styles, made of fine English I-T
Kersey cloth in the favorite tan shade, ~~^
one is a box front with lour large tor- —~
toise-shell buttons, the other a fly front, ""^
both have ripple backs, one is silk-lined — m.,
and has a plain military collar, the ~~^
other appliqued cloth straps, orna- —^
mented with tiny pearl buttons; both ~"j?
of them are new and exceedingly -— »-
stylish. ' -^g
If T.A Ladies' Light Tan Walking I^'
ill •pl-.»M/. Jackets, made of imported "ZSm
Kersey cloth, London box front and """*
ripple back, velvet collar, very full — *>
sleeves, five stitched seams on back and ~^*
Louis XVI buttons on the front, lined
with Dresden flowered silk. —^
M4M~kAA Ladies' Extra Fine English
.pi»J.VV. Kersey Cloth Jackets in the 13
new putty color, stylish short box —^»
front and ripple pleated back, standing ~^
velvet collar, two extra large pearl but- -^»
tons on front and small white pearl "*^
buttons ornamenting collar and pleats. — «
One of the most stylish jackets this 12
season. —*
—^»<
Mt'l7 Ladies' Extra Fine Light -•
*pII.»JV. Tun Color English Kersey ZZ£
Cloth Jackets, new London box front -*•
! ripple back, stitched appliqued straps z£Z
on back, with Van Dyke points, studded — >•
with small pearl buttons, large pearl rSi
buttons on front and lined all through —^
with fancy silk. This jacket would be Z^S
cheap at #25, and would cost that much —^
elsewhere. ■« r.^K'—^*
iUiiliUiUiUiitiuiiiMiiuMiMitiif
HOTEL AEEIVAL3.
GRAND HOTEL.
T H Roberts, Sacto " E F R Vail, Yokohoma
J B Sutherland. Detroit \V Wright, N V
W B Edminster, Oswego Miss E Belinfanti.Naples
F E Barnard. Ventura T H Parker, Santa Cruz
A l- Eaton, Boston P L Kosciotowski, Oakld
LI. Winston, Los Ang D A Leonard, Cal
F F Kyan, Los Ang J J Marlowe. Boston
Miss Holmes. Boston Miss Ella Holmes, Bostn
Miss Lacy Holnies.Bostn R G Jackson, Los Ang
T M Mnsan, Fresno Miss James, Los Gatos
W J Brooks, Eureka Mrs James, Los Gatos
F Lucas, Mass Miss Lucas, Mass
W Bremner, S Barbara J A Andrews Los Ang
\V C Parker&w, Kenwood J B Treadwell, Sacto
J Nunan, Jacksonville J C Thompson, Stockton
J C Dunlap & wf.ChicagoG Stephens, Moline
Miss A Stephens, Moline Miss N Stephens. Moline
Mrs Nixon, Moline G a Stephens, Moline
MrsG A Stephens.Moline Mrs H P Conner. Ind
F P Willis, Chicago Miss X N' Rand, Stanford
0 Chlsholm, Mont Mrs O P Chisholm <fc fy,
J S Percy, Petaluma Mont
R D Hatch, Novato Mrs Parker, San Jose
J J Brown, Santa Ynez T F Haney, Minn
E T Randlett, Mass Mrs R S Fay, Napa
G H Elliott, Los An? £ A Waters, Burlington
J Newhart, New Orleans 8 M Bixford & wf, Wls
W J McUee, Amartor J w GUlett, Eureka
W B Ambrose, Lockeford II E Adams <£ wf, Stock-
J J Dwyer, Sacio ■. ton
PALACE HOTEL.
I Altfichnl, Kew York E Perdue &w, Ohio
J H Jones, Oakland ' W McFarlane, Denver
A Kosenthal. Ls Angeles Miss A Krwin, Nw York
R Nyishi. Japan C King, Chicago
S Kadjl, Japan C C Martindale. N V
M Yamagata, Japan M Goldsmith, Missouri
Mr Isudnyski, Japan F Moody, Minneapolis
Major Oshima, Japan W Browning & fin, N V
Captain Hayhino, Japan Drde Souchet, Ls Ang
Dr Jliral, Japan A Stillman. Portland
Mr Kawasaki, Japan Tucker, Mt Hamilton
Mr Terasaki, Japan T B Miller, Helena
X Mochegeshi, Japan H Whitman, St Louis
I C Boss, Stanford X Cottrell & w, Detroit
L Huntley, Yellowstone L Williams & w, Chicago
A Mortimer. Cincinnati II L Williams, Chicago
Miss Russell, Reno D X Williams, Chicago
T Makijore, Japan HBotsford, Chicago
S Harue, Japan . , ■ G A Hoyden, New York
F Roth &w, Cincinnati F L Richardson, Boston
X Zea &w, Kansas City H Richardson. Boston
Mis» Thornton Kan City Miss Richardson, Boston
C Persons * w, NY F L Pulley, Stanford
F s Hall. Chicago W Alderdice, California
Mrs H Gillett, Chicago J R Grace, New York
Mrs W Edgar, Chicago J STaybury, Nevada
D Pardee, New Orleans
RUSS HOUSE.
A Young, Nev i- R Jones, La Grange
O P Moore, Pleasanton Miss Moore, Pleasanton
J A Hosbon, Palo Alto L P Shoemaker, lll
J N Shoemaker, 111 • • ", C Ellencer, Ala ■•
P Leonard, Coulterville Mrs E ilartwlg, Mo
O H nartwlg, Mo B Nichols A fm, Conn
WB Nichols. Conn 0 Hollan, San Jose
L Laughlin & w, Or Miss G Fox, Or
J Wadswortn * sn. Cal M Burk, N M
J J (.rant, Westport W D Evans, Mann Co
O H Hoaj, Santa Rosa C Berbrick &w, San Jo**
E Marten, sail Rafael F Peacock, San Rafael
Mm D Ford. Cal Capt J Ross, China
C Burger, Santa Rosa W D Conway, Caste!l»
W Kenyon, Stockton C Hawkins, Honolulu
F F Webset. Sunol J Leonhart. Honolulu
P JI Shore, San Jose B F Graham, GuerneviUe
I) Iletzel, GuerneviUe A McCutchen <fc ■>■ Ohio
J H Porter, Redding H W Prall, Livennore
Mrs M Maloney, Cal I Thexton, Paicines
J II Phillips, Ariz G W Boggs, Tracy
LICK HOUSE.
A Mark-ham, 8 Rosa H Marbs A w, Sscto
H Klckhoff, S Rafael R F Dodge, Cal
0 W Fisher, San Jose John Tullv, Stockton
S S Stafford, Ohio J a Strowbrid*.-. Or
D W Reisal & w, Cal A X Hinkley. Albion
Jt: Salvage, Pescadero W J Dwyer, \i.iksou
J M Levee. Vallejo 8 a Hof man, ~ an Jo »*
S Rlnaldo, San Jose T C Garrie, Mont
J King Aw, san Jose \V Lon^more. 8 Rosa
H C Roloff &w, Ogden W C Brook*. Oakland
E A McDonald, Tacoma W L stairn, !*■ An
J Gaenzel Aw, Pa : ; L Danth & »'. *' a
Annie Arnold, P» Ella Arnold. P ft
Katie Dumb, Pa :.'■ m Ross, Stockton
J Simpson, Birds Lndg M Hudly. 8 rds Landing
W H Skerritt, Vallejo AC Snvd..' *'. s Cruz
W Wilson &w, S Jose H J McFerniott, s Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL.
L A Lesg, San Jose A Rosentirough, Oakland
O W Clark, Burllngame D Clopt ,■■■■ • Vallejo
T M Lnndrum, Sta Clara T 11 Moore, St Louis
BPBarkerAson.Liverme W R Cl»fk. Stockton
Miss Clark, Stockton G Clark', Stockton
H Clark, Stockton H (Jree i, Chicago
C A Metcalf f.Boston F R Hell. Boston
W H Adams, Chicauo H C wh:: >|lMM * Wl * all *»
RWVanPelt.LosAugeles A (i Dow, >ew Jersey
MrsJGJohnson.N Jersey Mrs I A Gazley, Utah
C F Giles, New York j l i stein ' New York
RJ R Aden, Vallejo - Mrs« NVorthing.Stocktn
J Hill. Cincinnati ' o D .Vorthrup, Illinois
RMMcAUister,Milwakee X K:i'dail, N YorK
MissCleveland.NewYork Mis* Kincsley, London
A M Heinman, London ■ Prof l'yn.lall, London
♦ NEW WESTEIIN* HOTEL, -i
W L Thomas, L Angeles Vf Murphy & w, San Jose
G Wagner, Alameda ' 11 II Hart, N" V -.{:■ •
J T Rogers, NY . • > fM T Coieruan. Minn
G L McGlnuls, Petaluma B ° Wolf. Martinez
M Josheph, lrvlngtou B H Lake, Valleja
S P Kimble, NY- fl Weinass, Boston
.1 Grabunsin.Coultervillo A M Gillmore, Denver
8 M Howe, Chicago Miss E McCaullr, CalSUNDAY M A I.CH 29, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
:* Paid-in Theater.-"A Milk White Flag."
I California Theater— " Capt. Impudence; " or
"Mexico."
' Columbia Theater— "Slnbad."
>!orosco's OrtßA-llousE-"An Irish States-
man.'
j Tivoi.i OrERA-HpusE.— "Said Pasha."
i Cbphetm. -High-Class Vaudeville.
Gfoveh'b a Confusion" and Vaude-
ville. :
; The Auditoritm— Corner of Jones and Eddy
meets— The Georgia Minstrels.
MacdonovgkThkater (Oakiand)- Anna Eva
Fay, to-morrow night,
■ Metropolitan Temple.— Gounod's oratorio,
'• The Hedemption," Tuesday evening, March 81.
SuTKfi < ..my Island— Grand Athletic Exhibi-
tion and Concert.
6hoot the Chutes— Daily at Haight street,
ere block east of the Park.
Golden Gate Park— Golden Gate Park Band.
1 ay DiETRicT Track.— Races to-morrow.
: : AUCTION SALES.
By Geo. F. LAMsoN-Monday, March 30, Fur-
niture, at 816 Suiter street, at 11 o'clock.
By H. J. LKiTiionv- Monday, March 30, Car-
pets and Linoleum, at 773 Market st..at 11 o clock
By M. J. Simmons Afction <-'°-- Ti'<'s<Jny,
March 81, Furniture, at salesroom, 1007 Market
6treet. at 11 o'clock.
Iv G. 11. Usiesen 4 Co.— Monday, March 30
Peal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street
8! -1 2 o'clock noon.
By Easton 4 Ki.dridge.— Tuesday) March SI,
Heal Estatet at 638 Market St., at I 1 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
M. Schoeiif. M has failed for $12,599.
The striking painters are greatly encouraged
over the outlook.
The Sacramento painters will soon organize
a painters' union.
Mr. and Mrs. William Burgess celebrated their
golden wedding yesterday.
Holy Week will he celebrated with impres
.•■muity at the Cathedral,
rintendent of Common Schools Babcock
issued his annual report yesterday.
The Mission Defense Association held a j
la reel y attended and enthusiastic meeting last
night."
Milk Inspector Dockery arrested two dairy
men for violating the milk ordinance yes
terday.
Mary Scravoni, the pel *nd prodigy oi the
California Girls* Training ll.>ine. has returned*
to Italy.
loaquin and rill meet in the
run-down at Casierly A Kernean's Ocean View i
Park to-day.
Pratt <«f Minneapolis and a number of !
fficials of that city arrived bere yester
day in a private car.
The property -ownars on the line of First
avenue protest against turning that thorough
lare into a boulevard.
Further experiments at the University of j
California yesterday confirm the discovery of
the origin of the X-ray.
Two of the leading employing painters are
ising terms ox a settlement with the;
striking Painters' Union.
The Superintendent of Streets and the Mer
chants' Association are of one mind as to the ,
extirpation of the cobblestone.
"Fair Sunday; westerly winds." is the pre
diction for to-day** weather issued by Local
Forecast Official A. G. McAdie.
Judge Murphy has granted a further stay oi |
twenty day* to allow the bill of exceptions in
the Diirrant case to be prepared.
' i race F.piscopal Church will De presented
with two handsome crosses by Miss Kate
Hutchinson i\nd Mrs. Will Crocker.
The Oakland police rifle team defeated the
Ban Francisco police team at Shell Mound Park ;
yesterday afternoon by fourteen points.
Edla Meyer, a pretty German girl, was killed !
by a revencreinl Malay ship's cook yesterday ;
morning. The assassin committed suicide.
An elegant souvenir volume giving the his- i
lory of the Valley road up 10 date has been j
: by the Wheeler Publishing Company.
Captain Healy and his friends discredit the |
telegraphic report of his dismissal from the
revenue service which was published in yester- j
aay's papers.
Wheel of Fortune took the Burns stake at
the Bay District yesterday. The other win
ner* were Mirambo, Caspar, Palomacita, sir
Keel, Kamsin and Logan.
J. W. Flynn and James Ryan were arrested •
harge of grand larceny for
Dwindling Arthur H. Steil out of $1000 by !
means of a bogus footrace.
Sanford Bennett, receiver-in-charge of the i
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway,
announces that the sale oi the road will take
place on the 11th of April.
The board of directors of the Hale & Xoroross j
have determined to stand by the evicted !
superintendent. They will send him back to,
his place and support him.
A little girl at the St. Francis Girls' Directory j
Orphan Asylum named Angela Angeloponto ;
has a very bad cold and is very ill. The sisters
request her parents to go to see her.
Pastor Brown will preach at the First Con
grefationaJ Church to-day. Mrs. Cooper's j
Bible class and the Society of Christian En
deavor will meet in Native Sons' Hall.
President J. P. Edoff of Che California State
Protective Association replies to the com- ]
munication of 0. G. May, and caustically re- i
views the Prohibition party and its champion. !
Roscie Terrance, a horse-owner, and Michael i
Kenny, quarreled outside the Ingleside raee
track'iast night, and during a struggle for the j
possession of a revolver Kenny was wounded i
in the right leg.
Harry Varley pleaded guilty to a charge of i
burglary yesterday and was sentenced to two
years' imprisonment. Charles Wagner, who
pleaded guilty to a similar charge, was given
live years by Judge Belcher.
Captain h. T. Garland of the mission ship
Morning Star has returned here. The ship
between Honoluln and the Marshall. Gil
bert and Caroline islands. lie said good work
has been dene with the natives this year.
Mrs. Charlotte Keene is suing her husband,
Edward h. Keene, for main to nn me of herself
and child. The couple were married about four
months ago. Keene cannot be found, but his
wife says he has property in this City, and she
will try to levy upon it. He was a druggist,
and kept a store at 1104 Valencia street.
Pr. P. E. Wolff, first secretary of the cele
brated Antarctic commission of which Karon
Nordenskjold is president, who for four ;.>>ir
pa't has been exploring in British New Guinea,
pnmoa and Fiji, has arrived here. He says iie
found a new whaling ground and rediscovered
the dodo.
The agitation which the building and trades
committee has started in regard to tho charac
ter of the work and employes on the City Hail
dome promises to be quite a protracted one.
The lanor leaders still claim the work is not
according to contract. The contractor is sup
ported by the City Hall Commissioners' super
intendent, Ernest D. Melliss.
CANADA AND THE EMPIKE.
Independence Now Han Few Partisans
in the Dominion.
There can be little doubt that the past
year in Canadian affairs has witnessed the
final effacement of ideas which conflict
with British connection. Previously there
had been much discussion of opposing
theories as to the political future of the
Dominion; and imperial federation, inde
pendence and annexation had partisan?
who voiced the respective merits of each
in the press and on the platform.
Now there is no such uncertainty ap
parent. All shades of political opinion are
a unit in favor of remaining; within the
empire, tnough it is no less certain that
th" existing political status is not satisfac
tory. This doe* not imply a desire for in
dependence — at least it would be difficult
to reconcile any such de«ire with the offer
of aid and willingness 10 share in sacri- j
fices BO readily expressed by the Dominion
Parliament. 'Correspondents of New York
journal* mar write as they please about
the annexation feeling alleged to exist in
certain parts of Quebec, but their state
ments do not count for much in the pres
ence of a patriotism which, when roused
by danger, shakes off doubts and fears aa
dust and shows the nation where its heart
lies.
That is what recent events have done for
Canada. Some who were in doubt are in
doubt no longer. English-speaking citi
zens of the empire are one people wherever
they may be, and, as a Toronto friend told
the writer, "Whether a toe is trodden on
in Guiana or a finger pinched in the Trans
vaal it matters not." Judging therefore by
Hrong manifestations of sentiment the
dominion hopes for a closer union with
tngland which will do away with the re
proach of subordination.— J. W. .Russell,
m the March Pveniew of Keviews.
EZETA'S STORY IS TOLD.
The Crew of the Barclay Golden
Give His Side of the
Case.
NOT A COWARD IN ACTION.
Ke Has Plenty of Money and Is Only
Awaiting Another Chance
to Fight.
The remains of General Antonio Ezeta's
expedition to recapture San Salvador ar
rived in port yesterday. The tug Barclay
Golden came in through the Golden Gate
quite unexpectedly and at once docked at
Main-street wharf. The officers of the
vessel bring quite a different tale from that
which was telegraphed, and they also deny
in most emphatic terms that Ezeta and
Casin are "hard up" and depending upon
charity for their bread and butter. Ac
cording to them Ezeta's wife keeps them
supplied with money, and he and his de
pendents are living on the fat of the land
at Panama.
They are particular in denying the sto
ries circulated to the effect that Ezeta and
Casin are cowards. According to them
two braver men never stepped in shoe
leather, and had there been fifty men at
their back when they landed at Acajutla
Antonio Ezeta would now be master of the
republic.
"We reached Acajutla on January 3,"
said Chief Oltieer H. Spring yesterday.
"We had been up and down the coast look
ing for some sign of Ezeta's friends, but,
as we learnt aiterward, the revolution had
been sprung too soon, and we were a day
behind the fair. The rendezvous was to
have been at a farmhouse near the coast,
and we determined to land on the pretext
that we wanted to get some mescal. In
the first boat were Casin, Kenealy (who
carried the demijohn), Bermudas and
three others. I was in command of the
second boat and had three men with me.
"Cann and his men got ashore first and
had reached the farmhouse before we
reached the beach. Before we could land
we saw a party of thirty Salvadorans sur
round the farmhouse, and we at once put
to sea again. Casin and his men did not
wait to be attacked, but began firing at
once. They then made a rush out of the
front door and the troops did not wait for
them, but ran away as fast as their legs
would carry them. Tneir leader, who was
on horseback, led the way. Had Casin
at that time Jiad fifty men behind him he
could have regained his kingdom. There
is no doubt about that.
"Well, as we were pulling back to the
Barclay Golden the troops came out of
hiding and began firing at us. Second
Mate Melander took the oars and Casin
and his men returned their tire and several
of the troops dropped, but how badly they
were hurt I don't know. Ido know, how
ever, thut some of their shots came too
uncomfortably close to be pleasant. Once
aboard the tug Ezeta and Casin took up
their stand behind the coal sacks and
returned the enemy's fire until we got
under way. I suppose that is what gave
rise to the absurd stories published about
the two men petting into hiding as soon
as the first shot was fired.
"At Pants Annas one of Ezeta's fol
lower? came aboard. He told me it cost
him $200 to get a boatman to row him out
to us. He brought the information that
twelve men who had favored the return of
Ezeta had been shot and that wholesale
arrests were being made.
"At Acapulco we took aboard fully
three tons of cartridges. They came to
Panama on the schooner Una, which also
brought down Dan McLean, the famous
poacher. Dan took command of the little
schooner Silver Wave, and on her the car
tridges were taken to their destination.
If Ezeta and Casin had 100 men like Dan
McLean they would overrun Central
America. After getting our powder aboard
we again cruised' up and down the coast,
but there was never a signal-fire. We had
a good time, as there was plenty to eat and
drink aboard and little to do. "Finally we
put into Panama and there our cargo of
arms and ammunition was seized.
"There is no truth in the report that
Casin was going to shoot everybody on the
tug. The only person he had a row with
was myself, and that was over an awning
he wanted spread at once, and I took my
time about doing it. It was all over in a
minute, and we were the best of friends
thereafter. Whe'i we left Panama on
February 24 it was understood that Casin
was to leave for San Francisco on the next
steamer. In fact, be may be here now for
all I know.
"Ezeta and his private secretary, W.
Devlin, were staying at the Hotel Marino,
and it cost them $3 each a day for their
meals, so that doesn't look as though he
was hard up. Casin also stayed at the
game hotel. The day before we sailed I
was in the general's room, and he then
li?.d a big pile of gold in front of him, so I
cannot conceive of his being broke.^ You
mark my word?, Ezeta has not made his
last attempt at recapturing San Salvador. 1 '
The Barclay Golden will go back into
the towboat business, or she may make
another trip down the coast.
THE MORNING STAR.
Her Successful Cruise Among the Bar
barian Inlanders of the Far
Pacific Sens.
Among the arrivals here yesterday on
the steamer Australia from Honolulu was
Captain H. T. Garland of the missionary
ship Morning Star, which has for several
years been running between Honolulu and
the Marshall, Caroline and Gilbert islands.
The ship is owned by the American
Board of Foreign Missions. The board
has missionaries in all those islands.
About June 1 of each year the Morning
Star starts out from Honolulu laden with
provisions and other needed supplies and
with several religious teachers aboard
visits in succession various islands of the
aforesaid groups.
Often a resident missionary will have
jurisdiction over several islands, and in
such cases the Morning Star people, after
holding services with him and his people
awhile, catch him up and take him on to
one of his other islands.
Thus the missionary ship is the connect
ing link between the islands and atols.
She carrirs bibles, hymn books, song books,
tracts and the other auxiliaries necessary
in converting the heathen.
When the season is over she comes back
and Btays till June again at Honolulu. It
is thus that Captain Gariaixl is here. He
is on his way to Boston, the headquarters
of the Mission Board. All he does, how
ever, is to manage the shin.
He says this has been a successful year's
work among the natives. He denies that
they are cannibals, and says they are tract
able and quite susceptible of being influ
enced to a better life. The captain is at
the California.
GOLDEN WEDDING BELLS.
Fiftieth Anniversary of the Wedding of
Mr. and Mrg. William Burgess.
Mr. and Mrs. William Burgess cele
brated their golden wedding at their home,
041 Howard street, yesterday afternoon.
There were congratulations and gifts
galore, as is meet on such joyous occasions.
F. P, Burgess, A. N. Burgess and W. W.
Burgess, the children, Gertrude E. Bur
gess and Stella Burgess, the grandch.il
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
dren, Mrs. A. N. Burgess, Mrs. M. L. Jor
dan, Flora Jordan and many other rela
tives ana friends of the happy pair were
present to pay their respects. There were
thought:' and words or the absent ones,
Mariann.t Burgess of Carlisle, Pa., C. A.
Burgess of New York and H. E. Burgess of
Los Angeles, the children, and Leona Bur
gess, Florence Melbourne and W. Kenneth
Burgess, the grandchildren, and Mrs. W.
W. Burgess, all of Wheatland, Cal. Nor
was trie one who had passed on, Anna
Mary Burgess, forgotten.
Mr. and Mrs. Bvrgess were united 'at
Attlebort, now Langhoru, Bucks Co., Pa.,
March 2&, 1846. The quaint marriage
ceremon ' of the Friends was used in the
earlier a; well as the latter service.
Mr. Burgess was the founder of Greer
wocd Seminary at Millville, Pa., and con
ducted that institution for fifteen years.
Later he occupied the position of Superin
tendent <^f Schools in his county. lie was
a newsptf-per man in this State two decades
ago and I'ounded the National City Record
in 18S2. :
He sa*sr honorable service during the
late war, and is a member of Lincoln Post,
G. A. R... and one of the department coun
cil of administration. He was Indian
Agent for the Pawnees for five years, and
removed that tribe from Nebraska to the
Indian Territory in 1875. Mrs. Burgess
has been an active worker on humanita
rian lines and for the advancement of
woman.
Perhaps none of the numerous tokens of
remembrance from friends afar was more
appreciated than that from forty-five pu
pils of Greenwood Seminary.
Captain Charles E. Taylor's New Yacht, With Which He Expects to Win Many Cups This Season.
[Sketciud by a " Call " artist. |
WANT THE WILMERDING.
Dr. T. A. Rottanzi Warmly Ad
vocates the South Side
of the City.
He Says the School Shou!d Be Placed
;ia the Midst of Artizans'
Homes.
Dr. T. A. Rottanzi, the prominent leader
in South Side improvement, is enthusiastic
on the idea of locating the Wilmerding
School of Mechanical Arts in some central
part of the Mission.
"To thoroughly conform to the wishes of
Wllmerding himself," said the doctor yes
terday, "the school should be located in
this City, and the only proper place for an
institution of this kind is in the midst of
artisans and those who intend to earn their
livelihood by mechanical workmanship.
"Almost the entire artisan population of
this City reside in the Mission, therefore I
advocate that the school be placed in this
part of town.
"The most favorable location in the
Mission, to my mind, is in the vicinity of
Columbia Square. Several wealthy men
have large land holdings there which are
admirably suited for sites. It may be pos
sible that one of these owners would do
nate a part of his property to be used aa a
site for the school.
"Columbia Square is accessible by the
Bryant and Brannan street lines, the Fol
som street and Harrison street lines in the
Mission proper. From the Western Addi
tion by the butter and Larkin street line
and from the Potrero by the Fifth and
Bryant street line.
"Mayor Sutro is generous. and public
spirited enough in offering to donate his
land, and his good example should be fol
lowed by other wealthy citizens. Still the
objects of the school and the desire of its
originator should be first considered."
* — ♦ » — — —
A PEOGRESSIVE HOUSE.
What One of the Leading Department
Stores of Thig City Is Doing.
A city's progress can be gauged from its
readiness to take up and adapt modern
ideas in every line of its development.
One of the most modern and progressive
ideas In the retail trade in large cities is
what is known as department stores, and
in this particular feature San Francisco
furnishes a striking illustration in The
Maze. It -was established about three
years aeo by the Hamburger Company,
and it has been eminently successful from
its inception. It is a mecca for the ladies
of this City In their shopping tours, for
within its walls can be found in system
atically arranged departments nearly
everything used for domestic purposes.
At this season of the year it is natural
for the attention of the ladies visiting the
Maze to be attracted more especially
toward the dress goods, cloak and millin
ery departments, as they offer induce
ments that are particularly alluring. In
the latter department a complete change
has been made this spring, and it is now
in charge of Mrs. Martin. She quoted
prices yesterday in an interview that are
unusually low. Large hats trimmed in
feathers are being sold for $10 each, and
turbans at $5. They have a fine stock of
imported French pattern hats, and all
their goods are an fine as any in the mar
ket. The showing made of Easter bon
nets and novelties is particularly attract
ive. To-morrow the cloak department
will be formally opened, and a fine display
will be made that embraces all that is
new, novel and stylish in suits, cloak? and
wraps.
An Extraordinary Wound.
An extraordinary tale is told by Major
Pryse Gordon of a wound received in the
Waterloo campaign by one Donald
of the Ninety-second Regiment. He
had been shot in the thigh by
a musket bail. The ball was ex
tracted, but still the wound did not heal.
A large abscess formed. Poultices wers
applied and on an incision being made lo
and behold ! a five-franc piece and a one
franc piece were extracted, together with
a bit of cloth.
How's your sore throat? Gone— long ago!
Knocked out by Mitchell's Magic Lotion- *
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
A Romantic Marriage on the
Steamer Australia at
Honolulu.
THE YACHT EMMA A SUCCESS.
Her Trial Trip Yesterday Was Satis
factory to the Builder and Also
to the Owner.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Honolulu after a smart
passage of b" days 12 hours yesterday. The
voyage was a pleasure trip up to the time
the Farallones were sighted. Then it came
on to blow and the waves broke over the
vessel and made things uncomfortable.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Belgic was sighted March 25, and two days
later an English bark with a light colored
bottom and painted ports was seem steer
ing southeast.
The Australia brought forty cabin and
twenty-seven steerage passenger?. Those
in the cabin were as follows: General R. H.
Warfield, H. T. Allen, Dr. J. Reed, O. R.
Harrill, \V. L. Hackett, J. C. Nobraan,
Mrs. E. Larkin, Miss E. M. Wallace, Count
yon Markhof and valet, S. S. Hooper, Rev.
F. F. Galligan, Miss E. T. Crosby, A.
Ahrens, W. P. Whittley, Mrs. M. A.
Weaver, Mrs. M. Merithew and child, Dr.
E. M. Pease and two children, E. R.
Wheeler and wife, Professor Zamloch, C.
E. Van Horn, William Mark, Captain G.
F. Garland and wife, Mrs. J. H. Richards,
F. Gaudin and wife, Miss M. Maguire,
Airs. A. Gartenberg and child, J. L. Inc-
Cammon and wife, Mrs. E. A. Murphy and
child, Miss M. E. Murphy, G. Kunst.
There was a marriage aboard the Aus
tralia while she was at Honolulu. The
cabin-boys were all interested spectators,
and as soon as the ceremony was performed
they serenaded the couple with tinoans
and foghorns. The bride and groom were
mulattoes and were married by a negro
minister.
A little over a year ago Miss Vina King
was Known as the wife of George Washing
ton, a negro, well known in Honolulu.
George began to bestow his affections on
native women, and there was trouble in
camp. A quarrel ensued and Vina Btruck
George over the head with a pick and frac
tured his skull. He recovered and she was
sentenced to serve six months on the reef.
When her term expired, she came to San
Francisco and was engaged by one of the
dives as a hula-hula dancer.
Hearing that business was good in Hono
lulu, she determined to return there, and
so took passage on the Australia. When
the Paradise of the Pacific was reached,
the authorities refused to allow her to land
on the ground of her previous conviction.
The woman was disconsolate until a
happy thought struck her. She wrote to a
former admirer named Thomas Dorrell,
and he at once went to her assistance. He
procured a marriage license, and accom
panied by the minister, went to the
steamer in his overalls. Chief Officer Law
less would not allow the ceremony to be
performed until he saw the captain or the
ship's agents. While he was gone, how
ever, the marriage took place and the Sur
veyor of the Port allowed Mrs. Dorrell (nee
King) to land.
Chief Steward T. K. James was driving to
the ship in a hurry in order to be present
at the ceremony. A dog scared his horse
and it swerved. The wheel caught in the
cartrack and James was thrown out, break
ing one of his ribs. He was still a very
sick man when the Australia docked yes
terday morning.
Charles E. Taylor's new yacht, Emma,
had her trial trip on the bay yesterday.
She is a very handsome craft and a fast
sailer. Her dimensions are 39 feet 6
inches over all, 29 feet 6 inches water line,
13 feet 4 inches broad and 4 feet 6 inches
deep. Her centerboard has a six-foot
drop. The cabin of the new craft Ib hand
somely furnished in oak and cedar and she
will have accommodation for quite a num
ber of Mr. Taylor's guests. She has a
spoonbill bow and is sloop rigged.
Patrick Crosby, a longshoreman, came
near losing his life on the British ship
Beechbank yesterday. He was assisting
in unloading the cargo of cement, when
three of the barrels fell out of the sling
and one of them struck him a glancing
blow. He was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was discovered that his
wounds were not fatal.
The American ship Elvrell, fifteen days
out from Nanaimo, B. C, arrived yester
day. When seventy-rive miles off Point
Reyes, on the 26th inst., tin: abandoned
huik of the schooner Helen Merriam was
sighted. The derilect is a menace to navi
gation and mariners are warned to look
out for it.
CAN'T VISIT THE RACES
Sir. Vining Discharge* an Employe for
Visiting lugle«fde.
John Keefe, one of the oldest and most
reliable of the Jackson-street cable-car
gripmen, has been discharged by Manager
Vining for attending the Ingleside races.
Keefe took his wife and a lady friend out
to the Ingleside track on ladies' day, a
week ago last Wednesday, and was there
"spotted" by one of the streetcar auto
crat's secret service employes, and a few
days later an order was received for his
discharge.
Keefe admits that he was at the races,
but said last night that he was by no
means an habitue of the tracks and make!)
no pretense of playing the races. On the
day he was "spotted" he went with his
wife and friend for an aiternoon's outing.
The employes of the street railway are
very indignant at the severe punishment
that has been administered to Gripman
Keefe.
There are a great many of the employes
who occasionally go out to the track, and
they consider ie none of Manager Vining's
business what they do when they are off
duty so long as it in. no way interferes
with their duties with the streetcar com
pany.
An effort is being made by the friends of
the discharged gnpman to have him rein
stated, and, if necessary, they will appeal
to the owners of the Ingleside track to in
tercede with Mr. Vining to abrogate the
order which he has issued. No rule has
ever been posted by the street railway man
ager prohibiting the men from visiting the
racetracks.
A Single Tax Meeting.
The single tax men of this City will hold a
rousing meeting Wednesday night at Foresters'
Hall, 102 O'Farrell street, to ad%'ance the cam
paign in Delaware. The speakers will be
James H. Barry, editor of the Star, and Robert
M. Mobins. The latter gentleman is en route
to take an active part in the Delaware cam
paign. _
Isaac Hecht Bequest.
In the distribution of the estate of the late
Isaac Heeht, the sum of $500 was sent to the
Board of Managers of the Pioneer Kinder
garten Society, of which Mrs. David Bixler is
president. The three schools under the care
of this society look out for the welfare of 300
little children.
HOW HE FOUND A FORTUNE
A Million-Dollar Estate Recov
ered Through a Clair
voyant.
Curious and Interesting Story How
Frank L. Roeder Suddenly
Became Rich.
A remarkable and highly interesting
story was related to a Call reporter Jaat
j evening at the Baldwin Hotel by Frank
L. Roeder of Cincinnati, Ohio, who is a
guest of that house. The story concerns
the recovery of a large estate in Germany
valued at nearly a million dollars, and the
| attending circumstances are of such a
character as to appeal strongly to those
who are interested in occultism.
Mr. Roeder's story is as follows: About
three years ago he was following the pur
suit of a traveling salesman and was
making the towns in the interior of Ohio.
Business had been poor with him and he
was feelinp in quite a depressed frame of
mind when he landed one day at Colum
bus. Failing to secure many orders there
he was pondering where his ill luck was
going to land him when he happened
to notice the advertisement of a
clairvoyant then sojourning in Columbus.
He had always scoffed at the possibilities
of any good to be derived from consulting
such people, but on the spur of the mo
ment went and had a sitting. He was told
many things that surprised him and
which he knew to be true, but gave little
heed to what the clairvoyant said, deem
ing it but lucky jmessworfc on the part of
the gentleman. When, however, the
clairvoyant tried to impress upon him
that there was a large fortune in Germany
to which he was entitled, it was more than
he conld endure; and so he left tne place
feeling sore and disgusted for having part
ed with a rather liberal fee for what he
considered a lot of humbuggery. Occa- !
sionally for some months atterward he
thought of the clairvoyant's predictions,
especially as many of them were being
realized from time to time. Naturally in
this connection he thought several times
about what he had been told concerning
the estate in Germany.
His great-grandparents had come to
this country many years before, and, as he
had never heard of any family traditions
about an estate in the old country to which
they were entitled, he continued to think
that there was nothing in it. He has a
brother in the wine trade who was obliced
to make a business trip to Germany nearly
a year after he had first consulted the clair
voyant. Mr. Koeder suggested to hig
brother that he make some investigation
of the matter while over there and Ec did
so. The result of the investigation was
that he found that two or three hundred
years ago their ancestors had owned valu
able lands in the famous Rhine Valley,
but had lost possession of them in some
manner, and the moat careful investiga
tion failed to disclose evidence that would
entitle Roeder brothers to make any claim
to these lands.
Upon receiving this report, Mr. Roeder
again consulted the clairvoyant, who told
him that he could trace the chain of title and
show him where to secure the necessary evi
dence, and would undertake the work for
a nominal commission on any amount
that might be recovered. Mr. Roeder,
still skeptical, agreed, and work was com
menced. The clairvoyant discovered the
missing evidence, actions were brought,
the entire estate was recovered, and Mr.
Roeder and his brother are now enjoying
the same. Since then Mr. Roeder has
reason to feel the utmost confidence in the
clairvoyant who assisted him to secure
such a large fortune, and he never makes
any business ventures without consulting
him. He came here all the way from his
home in Cincinnati to consult the clair
voyant in question, Professor F. Eugene
of 1728 Market street, about business mat
ters. Mr. Roeder is a gentleman of tine
appearance and well educated, and he
takes his good fortune philosophically.
An Address to Young Men.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. John Hemp
hill, D.D., pastor of Calvary Presbyterian
Church, will deliver an address before young
men at the Christian Association Hall, Mason
and Ellis streets. Subject, "Strong Men." The
attendance will be limited to young men ex
clusively.
WILL HAVE TWO CROSSES
Grace Episcopal Church Is to
Receive Gifts on Easter
Day.
A HIGH CHURCH DEPARTURE
Miss Hutchinson Gives a Memorial
and Miss Crocker a Proces
sional Cross.
Grace Episcopal Church is to be adorned
on Easter Sunday by two beautiful new
crosses, one a processional cross, the gift
of Mrs. Will Crocker, and the other a
memorial cross, for the altar, which Miss
Kate Hutchinson is presenting to the
church.
During the litetime of George W. Gibbs,
who was a liberal and enthusiastic sup
porter of Grace Church, no crosses were
used on the altar or in the service, out of
deference to his desire to avoid this form
o fsymoolism.
George W. Gibbs was senior warden,
and, though he died before his term of
office was fulfilled, his name still remains
by courtesy in the place of senior warden
till Easter day, when the year for which
he was appointed will have expired.
Miss Kate Hutchinson ordered her beau
tiful cross some months ago, before she
was aware of what been the senior warden's
wishes in the matter, but when it was ex
plained that George W. Gibbs had ob
jected to the symbolism of crosses Miss
Hutchinson readily consented to the de
sire expressed by Rev. Dr. Foute that out
of deference to Mr. Gibbs' memory ne
cross should be placed on the altar during
the period when, by courtesy, he was still
senior warden.
On Easter Sunday, however, the cross
will be placed on the altar and Dr. Foute
will read the benediction to dedicate it.
Miss Hutchinson's gift is considered one
of the most beautiful crosses in the City.
It was especially made for Grace Church
by Geissler of New York, and is in a beau
tiful style of workmanship. The cross is
forty' four inches hign and is made of solid
brass. It stands on three- steps, and is
severely Latin in outline.
In silhouette it is entirely devoid of
ornamentation, but at the intersection of
the arms with the upright in a wrought
wreath, which encircles a raised relief of
the Lamb of God.
It was the donor's intention to have the
cross quietly placed on the altar on Easter
day as a surprise to the congregation, but
a few people were let into tne secret, and
now the story of the cross is rapidly be
coming public property.
Mrs. Will Crocker's cross has not yet ar
rived from New York, though it is ex
pected to be here in time for use on Easter
day. The cross is said to be a very hand
some one, and it will be carried in ihe Dro- ,
cession with the surpliced choir.
A sensational story was published by an
evening paper last night to the effect that
George W. Gibbs dad strenuously objected
to Dr. Foute' s ritualistic tendencies, and
that among other innovations he had
strongly objected to the surpliced choir.
The superintendent of the Sunday
school, Mr. McCleilan, and George 11.
Hook were quoted as authorities for the
statement that there was a strong animus
The Memorial Brass Cross to Be Pre
sented to Grace Episcopal Church by
Miss Kate Hutchinson.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist]
against Dr. Foute among the late Mr.
Gibbs' friends in the church, and that
steps were on foot to oust tho rector.
Both gentlemen emphatically denied the
statements Jast night. "The church is
not divided," said G. H. Hook, "and no
one but the Bishop has any right to re
quest Mr. Foute' s resignation. There are
absolutely no ritualistic practices at Grace
Church.
"Mr. Gibbs used to object to surpliced
choirs, but a short time before his death
he requested the vestrymen to vote in
favor of having a surpliced choir. We
had no processionals till after his death
and we shall not have a cross on the altar
till his courtesy term of being church
warden has expired, but there is no dis
affection in the congregation on that ac
count."
Members of the congregation speak in
high terms of the efficient work done by
the surpliced choir. They say that the
good singing has greatly brightened the
services. Most Episcopalians smile at
the idea of Grace Churcn being considered
"high," though two crosses and one car
ried in procession will be a distinct inno
vation.
Miss Hutchinson's cross is a memorial
to her mother.
CALEDONIA CLUB MEET.
A Number of Special and Regular
Features.
The games committee of the Caledonian
Club i? preparing for the big meet at
Shell Mound Park May 30.
In addition to the regular games there
are to be a number of special features,
among them a members' bicycle race and
relay race between the pupils of the Berke
ley, Oakland and San Francisco High
Schools. Athletes from the whole Pacific
Coast and from Australia will compete,
and to these special prizes will be awarded.
The club tug-of-war team is out with a
challenge to pull any team in the State on
cleats, eight men to a side. Cash prizes
will be awarded to the winners.
The railroad company has agreed to
give special rates from Sacramento, Napa,
Stockton and San Jose. The committees
are as follows :
On games— D. R. McXeill, John Reid, George
Davidson, James H. Duncan, William Mitchell,
Angus McLeod.John McLaren, Jerome Me-
Corraac, P. Mclntyre. James W. Harris, James
Gorie, \V. R. Eaton, Charles A. McPhee, George
McDonald, Thomas D. Carroll.
Finance— R. 8. Falconer, Y. C. Lawson,
Thomas Wilson.
Property— Hector M. McDonald, J. J. Cam
eron, Joseph McCormac.
Literary— John McLaren, W. C. Cook, Angus
Graham.
Reception Committee — First Chieftain
John Roid (chairman), D. A. Macdonald, Colin
M. Boyd, William Urquhart, J. F. Kennedy, W.
C. Burnett, C. Chisholm, Robert Sutherland,
John M. Duncan, James McXab.Colonel Thom
as McGregor, Captain J. H. Bruce, Colonel C. L.
Taylor, Captain D. McKechnie, James Miller,
William Nicol, Thomas \V. Bethel, General J.G
WalLJohn Mallon.JCharles Nash. James .\itken,
Neil Carmichat'l. Dr. J. A. J. Macdonald, John
Smith, D. K. Campbell.
Judges— Daniel A. McDonald (chairman),
John Donaldson, John A. MrLeod, Neil Mc-
Lean, George W. KUk-r. James T. McDonald,
Sydney Miller", George Dingwall, Andrew Wil
ku- Jr.". Walter Reed, James a. McKay, John F.
McDonald, M. P. Forbes, D. 11. Finnic, D. J.
McFarland.
The city of Johannesburg has a popula
tion of (iO,OOO, of whom only 300 are Boers.
NEW TO-DAY.
m THE OWL
f drug CO.,
9m CUT-RATE
__ DRUGGISTS!
1128 IVT^rB-liIET ST.
OPEN ALL NIGHT.
I Conntry order* filled at our regular
Cnt-rat«* Prices.
Mme. Churdiiirs Antiseptic Skin Soap
WORKS WONDERS.
One cake will do more for your complexion
than a dozen of any other brand. Try a cake
for 15c. If it is not what we claim come and
get your money back.
JSTTG-.A.H. P. & W. original one-
OF - 0 :'-;■ pound boxes,
TVTTT.Tr. 35c £%. Box.
PATENT MEDICINES.
Nelson's Amy cose BOc
Carter's Swedish Hair .Restorer 50c
Allen's Pure Malt Whisky 85c
Howl's, Joy's, Avers' Sarsapanlla ....6f»c
Painter's Coca Wine and Celery tonic .....85c
Wood bury Facial Soap 25c a cake
Syrup Fig 5...... 35c
Mdiiyon's Remedies, 25c size 16c
Fellows' Syrup. $1 00
Baker's Emulsion Cod Liver Oil 75c ,
Williams' Pink Pin 5........... 35c
ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1
Every Lady Purchaser Will Receive a
, Package of White Kabbit Easter-Egg
' J> vex, Eight Colors in Each
Package, j
Pacific Coast Agents for Edison's
Bands, Salts, Pills.
Easter
Novelties.
4»J £ - 1 111 3^
Capes
Coats,
Fresh from the Eastern
and foreign fashion cen-
ters. We hold the top
place for style-producing
— the bottom place for
price-making.
NEW TAN JACKETS— latest shades
—lined all through with Dresden silk
—should be $22 50. Our opening <J»"1 r .00
price tj)±i/
NEW 4-BUTTON. BOX COATS-22-
-inch (they're worn short now) —
latest light shades fine Kersey— all fi!» "I C.OO
Dresden lined. Our opening price.. t|pXc)
NEW $7 50 WALKING CAPES— em-
~ broidered, plain and trimmed— '
black, bines and tans— cut extra ffIJC.OO
full. Our opening price will be <iP«-'
NEW 9 12 00 COACHING CAPES—
18 inches long— tailor-made— full
150-Inch sweep— tans, black, etc.— ffl»'T.sO
The ideal Cape for early spring wear «Jjj I— •
NEW 15 00 81 LK CAPES— trimmed
with lace and jet— also Velvet Capes,
: jet embroidered. Both silk lined
I and extra full. Our opening price (JjQ-00
only «J)i7
Kelly &Liebes
120 Kearny Street.
Exclusive Cloak and Suit House.
®85. "My Friend
g§pff*f^> H3S 3
f^/f^ Waverley"
We hear daily. When we
hear it, we know onr sale is
made.
I CATALOG FREE. open evening*.
INDIANA BICYCLE 00.
J. S. CON WELL, Man«oe»
18 & 20 McAllister St., SAN FRANCISCO.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.00
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 ano $35 SUITS
ARC THE BEST IN TM t STATE.
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bust!
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St.
■ ■---■. . SAN FRANCISCO.
ALL LATHE^ORK><i*-SS£<FOH TWO YEARS.
A.L.BANCROFT aetT324- POST ST.S.F.
BSBBBBBBHHHffiBBHHBi^t ; ■ ■ " •*
78
MISSION OF YAMAGATA.
The Japanese Marquis Is Em
bassador to the Czar's
Coronation.
TRAVELING IN MAGNIFICENCE.
He Occupies the Highest Rank as
Statesman and Soldier in
Japan.
Marquis Yaraagata, the Japanese Em
bassador, and his suite spent a rather quiet
day in thid City yesterday after tneir arri
val. The morning hours were occupied
with correspondence and recreation, and
the remainder of the time was passed in
Eight-seeing and social pleasures.
The principal men ot the party drove to
the Cliff through t ho Golden Gate Park, and
took in the Presidio in the afternoon. At
night they were guests of the Japanese
Consul at a brilliant dinner given in honor
of Marquis Yamagata.
This is one of the most important mis
sions that ever went out of Japan to
another country, and, whil« the gentlemen
of hieh degree composing it pass quietly
about San Francisco, they are regarded
at home as pre-eminently quali
fied to represent their country at
a European court. .. They are indeed
distinguished men, not alone in Japan,
but ail tho world over, and it is highly
probable they will travel from here in
magnificence. They have a large portion
of the first Boor t>l the Palace Hotel,
where some of the most luxurious apart
ments are located. A retinue of secre
taries, clerks and valets swell. the number
and give the party an air of courtly, graii
deur. .
The fact that the. mission is to the coro
nation ceremonies of the Czar of Russia at
Moscow give? it a peculiar significance.
Russia's attitude toward the Oriental na
tions and her diplomatic relations with
them in connection with the Chiuo-.la
panese war are clearly remembered. The
great civilized nation of the Orient has
>hown a friendly feeling iGrthe. Muscovite
neighbor. .•';.'. : '
And now when there is peace and the
laitreis, so to Bpeak, are yet green on
Japan's brow, the opportunity ja almost
rjpe for Japan to ofi^r courtesies to the
■Russian court and people. Japan has ?e-
Ircted for this work Marquis Yamatrata,
who is beyond question the must <listin
cuished Japanese soldier and statesman of
tr.e time.
Dnrii ; g the war with China the French
papers spoke of him a? the Yon Moltke of
Japnn. ;ir<l he is said to combine the
qualities of a Bismarck arid a. Gladstone. .
H" is going to Europe surrounded by
soldiers, st:iT"sn!t'ii and scholars. With
him is Major Oshiroa, who; accompanied
him all through the war, an educated gen
tleman, and like many other confreres, a
hero; . .
The other member? of the suite are ac
complished, diplomatic courteous gentle
men, whospe.ik English, French and Ger
man without an accent, and' are equipped
by years of study at home and abroad to
discuss in various languages questions of
state, and in short to shiue among brilliant j
men.
Mr. Tsudzuki, the General Director of
the Imperial Archives of Japan, who is
acting as chief secretary of this mission,
speaks for the party to press representa
tives. He i« a man of athletic build and
above medium stature, with a strong, in
tellectual face. p<~>;ite to the last degree,
and well versed in knowing how to make
ftimself interesting.
His conversation betrayed the strident
of political economy, the art of war and
diplomacy.
"We are going directly to the coronation
of the Czar in Moscow,"' he said, "to rep
resent Japan officially. There will be one
imperial Prince at the coronation who
will represent the court of Japan. Mar
quis "iamagata will represent tne country
officially as Embassador. Circumstances
will noi permit the Marquis to remain
long in Europe. He is the most influen
tial statesman and soldier in Japan and
cannot remain away long at this time.
"Marquis Yamagata is one of the sur
vivors of the creat revolution of 18(38. and
since then he has been prominently
identified with the reorganization. He
was responsible for every detail in the
strategy of the battle of Ping Yang, and
other battles also, and was one of the four
leaders to be honored by the Emperor
after the Chinese war with ihe title of
Marquis. He commanded the second
army at Port Arthur.
"Marquis Yama<:ata is one of these who
unite civil and military ability. A states
man and a stanch royalist, yet he per
mitted western liberal ideas to take root in
the country and let the Japanese Govern
ment be founded on the basis of self
government. He reformed almost even
branch of the Interior administration.
For instance, in the matter of church and
state, he reorganized them so that the
church became an independent body, but
controlled under the supervision of
the state while wholly free in t tie questions
of religion. He orsanized the police of
the country under western ideas, au<i has
done much in the rectification of rivers
and floods, a great work in old countries
where the forests have been cut down.
"After having tilled the office of Minis
ter of the Inf-rior for eight years he went
to Europe. On his return he was nominated j
Prime Slinisier, and while he was in that j
office the tirst parliament was revoked
in Japan. There were storms in the new
parliament, it is true, but the system has
succeeded. Soon after the parliament's
closing his health began to fail and
he resigned. The Emperor then appointed
him President of the Privy Council. In
that capacity he remained till the war
began. Th* Emperor called him to his
headquarters as aeutenant-general to ad
vise with him on military affairs, and
they worked out the plan of the campaign
tocether.
"Marquis Yamagata went to the scene
of action and was in the mid9t of the
fight as marshal, but was obliged to re
turn through failing health, which he did
only in response to imperial orders. At
home he began to recover slowly, and the
Emperor nominated him Mini«ter of War,
and this office he held to the end of the
war.
"He was nominated special embassador
to the coronation."
It was Marqub Yamarrata who organized
the army of Japan on its present footing,
but that was possible only after his years
of study of the military and civil institu
tions of Western countries.
The day of the party's departure from
San Francisco has not been determined,
as the Marquis wishes to rest before con
tinuing the long journey.
THREE GREAT ARTISTS.
Ondrlcek, Matrrna and Schott Again
Appear in Concert.
Another splendid concert was piven yes
terday afternoon in the Auditorium by the
Ondricek-Materna-Schott combination.
It is difficult to say which of the three
great artists bore off the palm. Anton
Schott, as the newest comer, aroused per
haps the greatest amount of interest,
though his singing scarcely brought down
the house more than Ondricek and Ma
terna's contributions to the programme.
Scbott delighted the hearers with several
especially popular and cherished Wagner
selections, such as the "Prize Rons;" and
"The Son« ot the Evenine Star." The
'Trize Song" and "Am stillen Herd"
from the "Meistersineers" were rendered
in magnificent style, lor even if cchott's
voice is a little worn, he is still a very
great artist.
As an encore he gave Schumann's "Two
Grenadiers" in splendid style, and when
the audience absolutely demanded more
ihe jovial singer responded with the
"Sons: of Sprine" from the "Valkure."
It was in the "Tannhauser" selections,
however, that Schott showed his marvel
ous versatility and compass, for he sang
the barytone aria, "The Evening Star," as
well as the tenor's grand scena, when
Tannhanser returns from Rome.
The latter, especially, was given with
splendid dramatic effect.
Vocal art could go no farther than the
way in which Materna sang the grand
aria from "La Jnive." As an encore this
gifted prima donna sang Schumann's
"Dv llein Herz." Her singing of Eliza
beth's prayer, from •Tannhauser," was
another piece of finished technical and
artistic skill.
Franz Ondricek played the Rubinstein
sonata on. 13, with Luckstone at the piano.
The violinist's miraculous technique, his
trio and his artistic inspiration were again
apparent in this, as in all his other
work. A "Barcarole"' of his own, a "Polo
naise" by Wieniawski and the "Rondo
dcs Lutins" ai-o aroused excited applause
and bravos. Luck*tone accompanied in
his usual sympathetic manner. Ficken
scher, who again appeared as a pianist,
rendered a waltz by Moskowky.
It is expected that two weeks hence a
final concert will be given by Ondricek
and the Wagnerian aingers.
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.
Michael Kenny Wounded In the Leg
and Roxie Terrence Arrested for
Assault to Murder.
Roxie Terrence, the owner of some
horses at the Ingleside racetrack, and Mi
chael Kenny, an employe of John Bren
nick, another horse-owner, had been in
dulging in various stimulants yesterday
afternoon, and shortly before? o'clock last
night they got into an angry dispute out
side the racetrack.
Kenney pulled a revolver out of his
pocket and Terrence grabbed it. There
was a struggle for the possession of the
revolver and it exploded, the bullet strik
ing Kenny in the rignt leg, inflicting a
tlesh wound.
Kenny was taken to St.'Luke's Hospital,
where his wound was attended to. and
Terrence was arrested and taken to the
Seventeenth-street police station, where
he was booked on a charge of assault to
murder.
Terrence claims that the revolver acci
dentally exploded during the struggle and
witnesses to the affair bear out his state
ment, so that the charge will likely be re
duced to simple assault. Both are friends,
but whisky interfered with their friend
ship.
MENDOCINO WILD HOQB.
A Banchrr From That County Gives His
Experience With Them.
"Yes," said the gentleman from Mendo
cino, as he crossed his legs and gazed
contemplatively on the uncompleted dome
of the new City Hall, "this Central Amer
ican Pig' story in The Call reminds me of
the wild hog* of my county.
"A good many years ago some of the
ranchers turned their hogs loose on the
mountain ranges to find food and shelter
as best they could. "Well, many of these
brutes stayed domesticated and kept with
in easy distances of the farms, where they
could be found on short notice; a few,
however, wandered off into the mountain
fastnesses, and in a few generations lost
all resemblance to the domesticated ani
mal.
"I've heard that when chickens have
been turned loose in wild regions and left
to shift for themselves in a short while
they grew smaller, became of a uniform
color, got so they could use their wings as
well as quails or grouse and became finer
eating than in the tame state, but I can't
vouch for this. I don't know that I ever
saw any of them. But in the case of these
wiid hogs you may count me in with the
authorities.
"In the first place, their bristles are
longer than the ordinary animal, their
tusks are larger and keener, their eyes
have a sort of wicked way of rolling round
restlessly in the sockets, and holy smoke!
but ain't they vicious though!
"These hogs generally travel in groups,
but now and then you will meet some
surly oW boar alone, and then you want to
lookout. Unless they are pretty hungry
they won't attack a man without provoca
tion, but when they do, the safest place is
a tree. When one makes a run at you lie
generally moves too speedily to sboot, and
if you don't hit him fair and square, a bul
let will be reflected from his tough hide
like a boy's marble.
"I hate these wiid hogs; I've got a
gruuge against them. Laving aside the
fact that 1 once had a pretty narrow es
cape from their clutches about five miles
from Comptche, the best hound I ever had
was literally ripped into ribbons by one of
the ugly brute's tusKs. I was out after
deer, and in passing through some under
brush near a patch of chemisal the dog
ran into a big, ugly boar. That dog was
'came' to tackle everything, and grabbed
him by the ear. In about two minutes he
wus cut all to pieces.
"The way I put a Winchester 44 through
that nog would have delighted Buffalo
Bill. You see, in the scrimmage I was
airaid to sboot for fear of hitting the dog,
but his death is avenged."
The gentleman from Mendocino wan
dered away with a grim smile on his face.
He might have lost his hound, but the
despoiler paid the penalty.
Died From Mushroom Poisoning;.
Elia Casina, 41 years of age, a laborer by oc
cupation, died last evening at the French Hos
pital supposedly from mushroom poisoning.
Oasina was taken ill four days ago In his resi
dence, 1501 Powell street, "after having par
taken heartily of mushrooms. He was taken
to the hospitm yesterday morning and a few
hours after his arrival there was dead. The
body was taken to the Morgue, where an
autopsy will be held to determine the exact
cause of death.
Not J. J. Flinn.
Editor Morning Call—DEkß Sir: The J. J.
Flynn mentioned in The Call of co-day as
doing improper sewer worJc in the Richmond
district is not J. J. Flinn of the contracting
firm of Flinn & Treacy, 301 Montgomery
street. The undersigned spells his name
Flinn, while the other uses a "y" instead of
an "i." Yours respectfully, James J. Flinn.
A Reception to Depew.
The Union League Club will tender Chaun
cey M. Depew and Cornelius Vanderbilt a re
ception and banquet on the 4th of April at the
I'aiace Hotel. Charles G. Clinch has been ap
pointed 10 act with the president and secre
tary of the club as a committee to arrange for
the event, whim will doubtless be a notable
one in the history of the Union League Club.
An Italian Singer.
Signorina Estreda Belinfante, who is staying
at the Grand, is un Italian artist who has just
arrived in San Francisco from the far East,
where she created quite a sensation. The
signorina studied her art with the masters of
the Conservatoire 01 Naples. Her debut was
made with great success and she subsequently
appeared in many operas.
'In- Unknown Man.
J. J. Morse will speak under the auspices of
the California Psychical Society at National
Hall, Ellis street, this evening at 7:45, the
subject beinp "The Unknown Man," being the
las; of a series of live lectures on "Some Gen
eral Illustrations of the Principles oi Psychic
Science."
He Took a Header.
C. R. Murphy of 1362 a Market street was
riding on his bicycle last night on Hayes
street, and when near Baker street the ma
chine slipped on the car slot and Murphy took
a header. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where it was found thnt hi« left collar
bone was broken and his left side badly bruised.
A Young Vagrant Arrested.
"Jimmy" Carnes, au intelligent young hood
lum from Denver, was booked at the Central
Station yesterday on a charge of vagrancy.
Later in the afternoon he was taken to the
JJoys' Directory, where he will remain until
his relatives or friends in the East can be com
municated with.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH «9, 1896.
DEFENDING THE MISSION
South Side Residents Will Stand
by Their Property
Rights.
THE NOE CLAIMS DENIED.
A Mass-Meeting to Be Held Next Sat
urday Night at Mission Turn
Verein Hall.
About?3oo property-owners of the South
Side were present at last night's meeting
of the Mission Defense Association, John
H. Grady presiding.
A. P. Van Duzer, secretary and attorney
of the organization, stated that since the
last meeting between forty and fifty new
members had been added to the ranks of
the association and twenty-five more had
signed the roll just before the meeting
opened, raising the membership to 410.
Referring to the Noe claims, he deprecated
the practice of certain building contractors
in refusing to accept mortgages on proper
ties whose owners would not pay for quit
claim deeds from the Noe claimants. He
said intending builders should explain to
the contractors that their lands were truly
unencumbered and their titles flawless,
and hence that they were in a position to
mortgage their lots in order to have build
ings erected upon them. Any other pro
cedure, he contended, might be construed
into a quasi admission of the validity of
the Noe claims.
The judicial trial of the issues involved
in the claims would, he believed, take
place in two or three weeks. In the inean
lime he had prepared answers on the part
of eighty-five property-owners which
would then come up for bearing. He had
every reason to hope that the Noe claims
would soon be definitely adjudged invalid
and titles to Mission properties set at rest.
He refeired also to the laws of Spain and
Mexico under which the Noe heirs ad
vance their claims, and said the matter
would be sifted to the bpttom and
decided once for all in a very short time.
The executive committee reported
having met with the Mission High bchool
Club on the evening before. At that
meeting the High School Club invited the
Defense Association to unite with it; but
the committee was not in favor of such a
union, the objects of the organizations
being separate and distinct.
Mr. Van Duser, in the absence of the
treasurer, reported that about $125 of the
association's funds were in the hands of
the treaiurer, $115 in the custody of the
secretary, and that about $100 had been
expended in the payment ol bills.
Judee Van Reynegom reported that ar
rangements had been completed by the
c remittee, whereof he was chairman, for
the holding of a mass-meeting on next
Saturday evening at Mission Turn Verein
Hall. Musicians and speakers had been
engaged, and J. D. Pnelan had promised
to preside and address the meeting.
Daniel Kelly further reported that he
had secured the use of twelve torches and
twenty-four band musicians for the oc
casion, wliich so delighted the younger
portion of the gathering that he was nom
inated grand marshal forthwith.
George Walton of the same committee
asked for donations in aid of the mass
meeting and a number of those present
subscribed sums ranging from 50 cents to
$5. Mr. Kelly, when asked to contribute,
rebelled.
"The grand marshal has to provide his
own horse," he contended, "and that will
cost him enough." He relented later in
the evening, however, and set his name
down for a generous donation.
The mass-meeting will deal principally
with the establishment of a park and high
school at the Mission, and as both matters
seem to interest all property-owners in th«
section, it wjis decided that lists be in
readine3s and the attendants at the meet
ing given an opportunity to join a general
association of particular clubs to be known
as the Mission Improvement League. This
matter was turned over to the committee,
Judge Van Reynegom promising that it
would receive all due attention.
A discussion took place regarding the
park and huh school. Lake Merced and
the two Jewish cemeteries were men
tioned as possible sites for the park, while
many of the members were in favor of
purchasing the Cogswell College building
lor a nigh school or of leasing that prop
erty for a long period.
Judge Van Reynegom agreed with the
Cogswell project, but thought if that
school were selected the building and land
should be bought outright.
Other members spoke in the same
strain. It was decideu that, while the De
fense Association would always be in sym
pathy with any movement for the better
ment of the Mission, it would never lose
sight of its own main aim— the protection
of South-side homes against the claims of
all who might seek to cast doubt upon the
present land tenure.
BROWN IN HIS PULPIT
Will Tell His Friends Again To-
Day What It Is to Be a
Christian.
The Kalamazoo Telegram the Worst
Yet — Mrs. Cooper's Class in Na
tive Sons' Hall.
If all goes well Pastor Brown will preach
at the First Congregational Church this
morning to his partisans and the usual
number of curious-minded who have only
seen the reverend gentleman in the pen
sketches of the recent scandal.
He also promises to entertain all who
care to attend the night services with a
dissertation appropriate to current events.
There is a prevailing belief among the
opponents of Dr. Brown that it is no
longer possible for the pastor' 3 friends to
pretend to close their eyes to the short
comings of their hero.
These friends were sensibly shocked by
the verdict of the council, but when Dr.
Brown literally hurled the findings back
into the face of his ecclesiastical brethren
they took courage and again pinned their
faith to their pastor. Tnen came the ex
pose of the United Press telegram which
Attorney Nagle made a show of sboulder
ine. Hardly had the excitement of this
incident died away when the Kaiamazoo
dispatch came to light, convincing those
who stili remained in doubt that Dr.
Brown had stated what was not true ex
cept so far as it reflected his own elastic
way of interoreting the findings of the
council.
This Kaiamazoo telegram, which says,
"I am acquitted on every charge — C. O.
Brown," has been discussed and severely
criticized on all sides. A prominent mem
ber of the Bay Conference said yesterday
that nothing could now save the pastor.
Hia case will come up at the April session
of the conference, and there is little reason
to doubt that he will be severely dealt
with. The New York Tribune of March
22 says:
Although the Congregational council of San
Francisco lias rendered its verdict on the Rev.
Dr. Charles O. Brown, accused of grave offenses,
this report has not ended the scandal. The
council found that the charge of adultery had
not been proved, but it declared that its mem
bers could not understand why the preacher
paid $500 hush-money to a woman whom he
declared a blackmailer, uor why he attempted
to intimidate a young woman of his congrega
tion, who he knew possessed a vote and was
not favorable to him.
Instead of accepting this mild reproof,
Brown at a church meeting criticized the
council harshly and succeeded in defeating a
vote ot thanks by his church to the council.
This has caused much ill feeling. But what is
worse, the preacher, on tno evening of the
council's decision, dictated a message to both
press associations declaring that he had been
acquitted of all charges, and the associations
sent this news to the East. This imposition
upon the public Brown will have to answer
for, and the feeling agßinst him is so strong
that it may lead to a request for his resigna
tion. The whole scandal has been deplorable
in its effects.
Mrs. Cooper's Bible class will meet at
12:45 in the Native Sons' Hall, just one
door south of the Mason-street entrance of
the church. The subject for general dis
cussion is: "What is the governing force
within us? Where is the center of our life
and character? 1 '
The Society of Christian Endeavor has
withdrawn from the church, and until the
pastor resigns or is deposed will meet in
the Native Son's Hall. The first meeting
in the new place will occur to-night from
6:30 to 7:3o o'clock. Henry Littlefield has
been appointed to conduct the exercises.
Death of Alias Webb.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 28.— Miss Ade
laide Webb died yesterday at her home, 914
Eagle avenue, after having suffered from
lung troubles for the past two years. She*
was aged 28 years, 5 months and 17
days. Deceased was the dauglitcr of Mrs.
Adelaide E. Grennel, who was the widow
of the well-known mining man of Ca!a
veras, Eldridge Webb. Before her fatal ill
ness came upon her, Bhe was prominent
in San Francisco as an elocutionist, and
appeared at many entertainments given
for charity. It was at an entertainment,
in fact, that she caught a bad cold, which
soon developed into pneumonia and finally
caused her deatb. The funeral will take
place to-nlorrow at 2:30 o'clock. Rev. Lane
of the Episcopal Church officiating. The
interment will be at Mountain View Ceme
tery.
MURPHY WILL CASE ENDS
The Contestants Get a Share to
Prevent Further Expensive
Litigation.
Judge Frick Orders Distribution and
the Supreme Court Dismisses
the Last Appeal.
Oakland Oefice San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 28. j
The celebrated Murpny will contest,
which attracted considerable attention in
this State and in London about two
years ago, is ended. A few weeks ago the
fact that a compromise had been reached
was published in this paper and the news
was confirmed to-day.
This morning an order was made by the
Supreme Court that the appeal of the con
testants against the decision rendered last
January by Judge Frick should be dis
missed by stipulation. As soon as the
order was made the case was brought be
fore Judge Frick in the Superior Court
and he made an order distributing the es
tate of the late Anna L. Murphy of San
Francisco to the three daughters, Mary
Ellen, now the wife of Don Dominguez, a
Spanish nobleman, Frances J. Murphy
and Mary M. D. Murphy, share and share
alike.
The will of Mrs. Murphy excluded her
sons, Samuel and Dan Murphy, and her
daughter, Lady Wolseley, from any share
in the estate. The children not mentioned
in the will contested it, and the case was
probably the most celebrated ever fought
in Alameda County courts. It caused the
making public ot the famous Murphy
family letters, which eet society a-gossip
ing and which furnished interesting prat
tle for several days tor pages of newspaper
reading. Attorneys Wilson & Wilson,
Garber, Boalt & Bishop, Hall & Karl,
Victor and George Metcalf, A. A. Moore,
W. W. Foote and Deering all figured in
the case. The will was eventually set aside
by Judge Henshaw in the Superior Court,
but the Supreme Court reversed the de
cision. The litigation threatened to be
almost interminable, and finally when
there was a danger of the vast estate being
eaten up in litigation a compromise was
effected.
Under the terms|of the compromise the
contesting children will each receive about
$50,000 and the three sisters about $10U,000.
The exact terms of the compromise have
not been made known, but enough has
transpired to show nearly what figured
were agreed upon.
There were present this morning at the
time the order of tbe court was made At
torney Wheeler of San Francisco, repre
senting the contestants; Attorney peer
ing, representing the legatees, and Victor
Metcalf, the administrator of the estate,
who was also represented by George Met
calf and A. A. Moore.
When Administrator Metcalf made his
final report recently and asked for the dis
tribution of the esiate he showed that he
had $39,097 89 on hand. He states that
the estate, which was once of most liberal
proportions, has dwindled down to one
valued at about $500,000.
In tbe proceedings this morning Attor
ney Wheeler made several objections,
mainly in behalf of the minor children of
Eugene Murphy, but they were all over
ruled and exceptions noted. He took this
precaution in the event of a hitch regard
ing the compromise.
The Judge ruled against Mr. Wheeler on
all points, and finally ordered the estate
distributed to the three daughters in ac
cordance with the terms of the will of
Anna L. Murphy. The estate is in the
bauds of Victor Metcaif. It consists of
$39,089 cash, stock in various corporations,
a fourth interest in the Murptiy block at
Market, McAllister and Jones streets, and
also the property on Bush and Sansome
streets, in San Francisco.
"The dismissal of the appeal by the
Snpreme Court to-day ends this "case,"
said Attorney Metcalf "to-night. "There is
nothing now to hinder the distribution,
and it is safe to say that the Murphy case
will not be heard of again in the courts."
An Installation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 28.— The offi
cers-eieci of Alameda Chapter No. 70, K.
A. M., were installed tnis evening with
due state, and subsequently a rleasant
little social party, sucli as is always cus
tomary. Tue officers are: Benjamin S.
McFarland, hijrh priest; Peter Klein,
king; Phineas "W. Barton, scribe; Henry
Sevening. treasurer; Oswald Lubbock, pec
aetary; Charles H. Weyer, captain of the
host; Reed Jones, principal sojourner;
Judson L. Fast, Koyal Arch captain;
Sydney G. Mitchell, muster of the third
vail; Charles J. Hammond, master of the
second vail; John A. Sunsome. master of
the first vail; Henry P. Decker, guard.
The past high priest* of the chapter are:
John H. Eickhoff, W. A. L. Knowles, F.
W. G. Moebus, John Yablonsky and
Elmer J. Johnson.
Demurrer Not Sustained.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 28.— The city
received the worst of the legal battle to
day over the injunction proceedings
brought to stop work on the electric plant.
A general demurrer was interposed to the
complaint, which, had it been sustained,
would have put an end to the litigation.
The demurrer took the main trend that
the complaint did not state a cause of ac
tion, and that the City Trustees .had not
transcended their legal rights. Judge
Frick refused to sustain the demurrer, and
the city's attorney was then given ten
days to answer. Lawyers are generally of
the opinion that under the present Jaw the
Trustees have exceeded their authority in
going into the business of selling commer
cial lieht.
EDOFF`S ANSWER TO MAY
The Policy and Work of the
Prohibition Party Caus
tically Reviewed.
RESPECTIVE LABORS COMPARED
The California State Protective Asso
ciation in Favor of Local
Option.
For the past two days the communica
tion of O. G. May of Berkeley, published
in The Call of Friday, criticizing the work
and aims of the California State Protec
tive Association has been largely the
topic of conversation among the liquor
men and the prohibition people on both
sides of the bay. In reply to Mr. May,
J. P. Edoff, president of the association,
had this to say yesterday :
"It has not been my habit to notice the
vaporings of obscure assailants who are
always rushing into the public prints,
when they can secure the consent of the
editor, to hurl venom at an imaginary foe,
and I see no substantial reason why Mr.
May snould be made an exception to my
general policy in this respect.
"The subject-matter of his communica
tion is the old threadbare sermon which
has been preached and sung by the Pro
hibitionist for a century, and its teachings
are regarded as so impracticable by
modern civilization as to scarcely merit
consideration.
"In this State the prohibition party has
been in active existence and operation lor
more than a quarter of a century, and yet
at the last election their vote was so insig
nificant as to scarcely entitle it to be
dignified by the term scattering. I men
tion this simply for the purpose of calling
attention to ihe fact tnat the prohibitionist,
as represented by Mr. May, ib narrow, con
tracted, intolerant, bigoted, selfish and
opinionated, and hence it is that t:;ey
make such little headway in their attempt
to persuade the body politic into the adop
tion of their views.
"That they as a whole mean well may
be admitted, but to differ with them upon
the subject is to invite a 'cyclone of vituper
ation and abuse, which is always the
ready weapon of a narrow intellect.
"A fair sample of this intolerance and
bigotry is conspicuously apparent in the
communication of Mr. May. Without
any knowledge or acquaintance with my
self, or, so far as I am aware, with any
other member of our organization, he
proceeds to launch a tirade of billingsgate
and falsehood against us.
"His reference to other matters and the
interests they represent shows the flippant
and recKiess use of a dagger in the hands
of a fool.
"Now, with regard to his opinions as to
the objects of our association I have no
desire to make any comment or to enter
into any discussion with Mr. May through
the press or elsewhere. His gross perver
sion of the facts is so marked that any
thing like a fair basis of argument with
men of his mentality is utterly impossible,
and therefore such a discussion would
prove not only unproiitable, but absurd,
lie is either ignorant of the truth respect
ing the present status of the liquor traffic
in California, or does not possess sufficient
moral courage to admit what is common
knowledge, and that is that our association
has accomplished greater results in the
two years of its existence in the line it is
following than all of the Prohibitionists
s<ince the organization of the State
government.
"Neither is his statement true that it was
or is our purpose to wrest from the local
authorities the right to regulate or sup
press the traffic. Upon the contrary, at
the last session of the Legislature we at
tempted the enactment of a local option
statute, submitting to a vote of the people
of each county the question of license or
no license, which cannot now be done by
any valid enactment. This measure was
defeated by the efforts of people fashioned
after the caliber of Mr. May, and for no
other or more substantial reason than that
the measure proceeded from the liquor
dealers them. elves.
"We also attempted to increase the
license revenue by more than $2,000,000
in the State, with a view of thereby les
sening the number of retail saloons, and
by so doing very greatly diminishing the
opportunities for low or disorderly places,
and yet this action upon our pare is con
strued by the man from Berkeley as an at
tempt to plant a saloon at every man's
door. In other words, he seems to con
sider that to double or treble the tax upon
the traffic will have the effect of multiply
ing instead of diminishing the number of
establishments, which is quite in keeping
with the logic of his position throughout
his whole vicious tirade.
"And finally he says that our avowed
purpose to eschew politics is a mere pre
tenbe and a sham. I wish only to add in
this connection that the example, as well
as the results accomplished by the politi
cal efforts of the Prohibitionists, is well
calculated to persuade sensible people to
enter M>me other field than the political
arena if they desire to be a factor in pub
lic affairs."
TANGERMAN TO GO BACK
Hale & Norcross Directors to
Support the Superin
tendent.
Stockholders Willing That the Mine
Shall Be Closed Down During
the Lawsuit.
The board of directors of Hale <fc Nor
cross have formally determined to send
H. W. Tangerman back to his place as
superintendent of the mine at Virginia
City. As for Tamre.-man himself he says
he is quite ready to go at their bidding.
"I have a clear consciance and am not
afraid," he said yesterday. "I never did
anybody there any harm, much less any
wrong, and I stand in no fear. Had they
not taken me at a complete disadvantace
thfy would not have succeeded as they
did. I was fully heeled ; twice they at
tempted to enter my house, but they did
not succeed. Had they come in there
would have been a dozen of them fair in
their tracks. So you see I was quite pre
pared, and had they tackled me on the
street the incident would not have re
sulted as it did.
"They came upon me while I was sit
ting in a barber's chair — half a dozen of
them with revolvers pointed at my head.
They marcbed with me in that way, giving
me no chance at all. 1 asked them what
they had against me and they said I was
an A. P. A. When I denied this they said
I had been tried and found guilty, and
that was all the satisfaction I could get.
"Now. the fact is," continued Mr. Tan
german, "I was taught to deal witli my
iellowman as I would have him deal with
me and I have always done so. I have
lived in Virginia City for many years. I
was in the grocery business there, and
wheu I sold out I had $37,000 on the books
that people owed rae and I have never
asked one of them for a cent. Some of
these very people were among those debt
ors — peopie whom 1 have fed. They say
there were 150 of them. That is not true.
I counted twenty-eight who were con
spicuous. There may have been thirty
altogether.
"As I have never done them any harm
on the contrary, Dave befriended some of
them, never said a word against the Min
ers' Union— it is pretty clear to me tnat
they have been paid to do this thing.
"You see 1 have been on the directors
Bide all through this lawsuit. The other
side know that they cannot use me many
way; that is to say, I cannot be bought to
do anything that is not exactly square.
As a witness I was very lenient witn them.
I did not tell near all f know. I let them
down as easy as I could. But they insti
gated this outrage upon me, 1 am sure oi
it. It was easy enough to buy a few lead
ers who couJdwork upon the others with
the A. P. A. story, or some other equally
as foolish and unfounded.
"It was not a pleasant experience. The
directors say they will stand by me and
see me vindicated. They nave engaged
counsel for the purpose. I shall not hesi
tate to go back wuen they are ready to
send me. I do not knew when that will
be."
M. W. Fox, speaking about the matter,
said: "The looters of the mine are the
rioters. It is all one affair. The stock
holders are not worrying about the mine
being closed down. It so huppens that
the closing of the mine at this juncture is
a saving of money. The stockholders are
perfectly willing to have it closed down
until the end of this lawsuit. Mr. Bag
gett, the company's attorney, is out of the
City. His letter to the Governor of Ne
vada was sent away before he left. No
action will be taken until after his return. "
Miner* Still Triumphant.
CARSON, Nev., March 28. —There is
likely to be nothing further at present in
the Hale & Norcross Company's demand
for troops to protect Tangerman. Yester
day, after acting Governor Sadler's refusal
to call out troops on the ground that no re
quest had been made by tlie Sheriff, he left
for the eastern part of the State.
Objection to a Portuguese Funeral.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 23.— The sud
den death of Giuseppe Vignolo, a promi
nent Italian resident, and the removal of
his body to an Oakland undertaker'sestab
iishmerit by Frank Silva, the "Portuguese
King," haß caused unfavorable comment
among ihe Italian citizens. Visrnolo
leaves an estate valued at upward of $5000.
He lived in Alameda twenty years.
The lower animals suffer little, if at all,
from nervous exhaustion, and, conse
quently, mere rest accomplishes for them
what a state of absolute somnolence alone
will do for the weary brain.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE SWIFT ACTION
of Humphreys' Specifics can only be com-
pared to an electric current.
This action is obtained through the capil-
laries and nerve centers; the pellets are hardly
dissolved upon the tongue before the cure
commences.
"77" FOR COLDS,
Coughs, Hoarseness, Bronchitis, Laryngitis
or Clergymen's Sore Throat, Influenza, Catarrh,
Grip, Hay Fever and Pneumonia.
From the first Chill or Shudder to the dread
Pneumonia "77" is a Specific and Cure.
••77" will "break up" a Cold that
"hangs on."
Disordered Stomach,
Dyspepsia, Indigestion and Weak Stomach
carry in their wake more misery than poverty
Dr. Humphreys' Specific Xo. 10 relieves,
promptly, and by its continued use a perfect
and permanent cure is assured.
RHEUMATISM.
Next to the soured Dyspeptic may be classed
the crabbed Rheumatic, who suffers from every
change in the weather.
It was, indeed, fortunate for sufferers from
Rheumatism when Dr. Humphreys discovered
his Specific No. 15. It acts upon the Liver and
Kidneys, eliminating the Uric Acid from the
blood; the cure follows swiftly and surely.
MEDICAL BOOK.
Dr. Humphreys puts up a Specific for every
disease. They are described in his Manual,
which is sent free on request.
Pmall bottles of pleasant pellets — fits yonr vest
pocket— sold by druggists, or gent on receipt of
price, 2'ic, or five for if 1. Humphreys' Medicine
Company, 111 and 113 William St.. New V'ork.
$1000 RAMBLER PRIZE.
$500 Gold Coin.
The above $1000 Model G Rambler will be presented by the Gormully & Jeffery Mfc Co. 0\
the AMATEUR rider who before Nov. 1, 1896, will Imve lidden the fastest'mile made in compe-
tition this season on a RAMBLER BICYCLE in a regular race at any race meet in the United
States sanctioned by the L. A. \V.
We will also donate $500 in gold toward defraying the expense of the meetat which thil
fastest mile is made.
$1 500 EARNED (?) MINUTES.
It may be in 4 minutes-perhaps in 1 :5O-but there is no time limit, no string to the gift.
For further particulars apply to THOMAS H. B. VARNEY, corner Market and Tenth streets,
Rambler Agent.
This beautiful wheel was the sensation of the New York Cycle Show, is gold and silver
embossed, with gold-plated nipples and other small parts, mahogany rims solid ivory, turned
(gold-tipped and jeweled) handles.
The head is crowned with a circlet of pearls surrounding an immense ameihyst, ■vrhil*
amethyst and turquoise gems are set in other parts. Value, $1000.
thos. hTbTvarney,
RAMBLER BICLORAMA,
Corner Market, Tenth and Stevenson Streets. San Francisco, Cal. #
Coast Agency for the Uormully & Jeffery Mfg. Co.
The Fountain of Life
otmosa of h 'ii CIRCULARS
vision, spots |(j \\ V/lilvULilllJj
< before the Ii ■ |
eyes, loss of fill \\/\
•leep. loss A I'fl — °»—
;of vigor, Jf/JH, U)f\ llfinVHl
ness, all in m minv&ll
give way F L II M nUUlftil
Ito clear |,' I | t ffll
slzht, to ft ,I M i ; ll|l
rest, to 111 111 WjiimUll >>■%■■■■
strength. / !| T ll\lM CQCC
"-**** 111 \ ' Hl| '""'
GREAT HUDYAN
Hudyau stops the premature condition of th«
body. Hudyan cures certain cases of lost man-
hood. Hudyan cures nervous debility, nervou*
ness, emissions.
IPK.HJHJ
J3" Circulars and Testimonial*.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta. .
SAN FRANCISCO, CAI*
, - .
Here's the newest Fly front I
Every one seems to like the
change. ■■', ■/ . ;;['■ • :
The coats and vests we make
TO ORDER at $12.00, trousers
$4.00, embrace the largest and
finest varieties ever displayed. . .
Our guarantee, warranting;
garments to wear satisfactorily. ■:■.
one year, is future protection.
Money back, present protection. . ■
Samples, Fashion Review; Tape, .etc, given oi [
mailed to any address. . ... .' ' ' '.-' "• ; '_■ .
-mww & h^ttkidis© £?.-..
WHOLESALE TAILORS, . . ...
112, 114 and 116 KEABNY STREET,
Bet. Post and Sutter. ' ' .
&ARNYSI
IS THE VERY BUS'i O.VE TO EXAMISB
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye- •
glasses with instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suo>
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4 p. m.
$J V 4 'private dispensary.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
ing all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases. Over 20 years' experience. Book sent free.
Patients cured at Home. reasonable. Office
Horns, 9to 3 daily: 6:::0 to 8:30 evenlnps. Sundays,
10 to 12. Consultation free and sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, nrn'ldi'PM
H. roki'oi: !»lo?fITIiTT. !>.,
28.' Keurnr Street, San Francltco, C«I.REDISCOVERED THE DODO
The Manuma in Interior Samoa
Is It, So Dr. P. E. Wolff
States.
THEY ARE WORTH $300 EACH.
The Famous Explorer Discovers a
New Whaling Ground— His Dan
gers in New Guinea.
Professor P. E. Wolff, M.8., E.L., a
noted naturalist and traveler, who has
been exploring British New Guinea an>l
the Solomon, Friendly and the Fiji islands
for the last fear years, is in the City.
He came by the Warriruoo to Victoria
and thence down by coast steamer. He
brought boxes and bales of anthropological
and ethnological specimens, some of which
are entirely new.
The doughty professor, who has ex
plored many wild countries during the
Dr. P. E. Wolff, First Secretary of the Famous Antarctic Commission, Naturalist
and Traveler, Who Has Fonnd a New Whaling Ground and Rediscovered
the Dodo. ,
[Sketched from life ly a "CaW artist.]
past dozen years, is looking much the
worse for the siege he has run. In some
of the islands he had as many as a dozen
guides, all well armed, and along with them
were as many more natives, who were
used as carriers. He traveled like Stanley
in Africa when ne was making his way
through the Dark Forest.
Dr. Wolff looks frail of constitution,
and his face is drawn and yellow. His
hard experiences seem to sit lightly on his
mind, however, now that he is through
them. He has been in a half dozen great
enterprises at different periods of his life.
He is an American, horn in New Jersey,
and his father was a manufacturer of oils
in New York. He went abroad early. He
studied in .France and Belgium, where he
obtained his degree, and after that "was
attached to the Franco-Egyptian College
in Alexandria. Then he went to Jerusa
lem and made explorations for nearly a
year.
In the past thirteen years he has been
collecting for various governments. He
has been during this time collecting for
the Smithsonian Institution, the War De
partment, and various institutes, societies
and museums of France, Germany and
Italy.
He was the secretary of the famous Ant
arctic Commission, organized some time
ago, with the celebrated Baron Nordensk
jold us president, and served for one year.
He also succeeded in raising $28,000 for the
Antarctic expedition, whose purposes were
not then earned out. but which now seem
in a fair way to be successful. Dr. 'Wolff
save he was able to become secretary
through Baron yon Mueller, the famous
botanist, who was his warm friend.
At the solicitation of Dr. David Starr
Jordan and President Kellogg of Stanford
and Berkeley universities, he will deliver
several lectures, which will be illustrated
by photographs in some instances.
*"I left for an exploration of the islands
in 1892, after 1 had visited Samoa." sail
he "and went to the coast of Northwest
ern Australia to investigate the pearl shell
fisheries. I thence proceeded to Albany
and Port Darwin. I explored parts of
British New Guinea, the Solomon Islands,
the Friendly group and Fiji.
"I found many new and strange things
in science and" had some very narrow
escapes from ferocious natives. I went in
the British ship Royalist to toe Solomon
Islands I then set out and managed to
Ret between fifty and sixty miles in the
interior, as far as I dare go. I had ten or
twelve guides, all of whom were well
armed and my supplies were brought
along by carriers. The country was so
beautiful: there was so much to interest
me from an ethnological and anthropo
logical point of view that* I desired at all
hazards to go farther. It was extremely
dangerous to attempt it.
< The Governor was appealed to by me
to send lip fifty Snyder rifles, but he
wouldn't do it. The fact is the Govern
ment was afraid I would be killed. They
dida't want anybody to go up, because if
anyone was killed a lot of talk would
result and they feared it would be bad for
them. " . -
"Daring this expedition to these islands
I, earl}' one morning, plunged into the
bush from the ship, and against the ad
vice of the captain, and got forty skulls
from one of their shrines. These' skulls,
although they are of enemies whom the
cannibals have eaten, are sacred to them,
because the pile takes on the nature of a
shrine. Luckily, I got away without any
of the natives seeing me. If they had, it
would have been almost certain death.
"I found in the^e islands the rare iory
lorias solatirus, a species of the parrot. Its
breast was a bright scarlet, while the back
plumage was a peacock blue, turning
green toward the tail. It was an exceed
ingly pretty bird, of the size of a young
cockatoo.
"In Samoa I found the dodo, a bird sup
posed to be extinct, but which is repre
sented there by a unique species. Tlie
bird is called the manuma by the natives.
The scientific name is didiincnla strigi
rostris. The bird is worth $300 in Eng
land. I obtained a number of specimens,
one of which went to Chief Justice Ceder
crantz.
"Strangely enough in one of the islands
I explored 1 found a bay full of whales. It
is a new whaling-ground unknown to the
world. It was in Blanche Bay, of the
Solomon Islands. I saw forty whales in
line, followed by their calves, all moving
out of the bay. It was a remarkable sight.
The adult whales were monstrous creatures.
The discovery of whales in that locality
will no doubt, be of great interest to the
world.
"In all my work I was collecting speci
mens as a general thing relating to man.
I had great success, and am glad to get out
of the wilds after so long a time."
Dr. Wolff is on his way to Paris. He is
the particular friend of Sarah Bernhardt
andMaxO'Reli.
SHARP CONFIDENCE GAME
Arthur H. Steil Swindled Out of
$iooo by a Bogus Foot
race.
J. W. Fiynn and James Ryan, Two
Sporting Men, Arrested for
Grand Larceny.
J. W. Flynn and James Ryan, sporting
men, were arrested yesterday by Detectives
Bee and Harper on the charge of grand
larceny. The complaining witness is
Arthur H. Steil, son of Henry Steil, the
tailor, in the Chronicle building, 646 Mar
ket street.
Steil is $1000 out of pocket by a clever
confidence trick which has been success
fully played in this City on more than one
occasion. He has a friend named C. C.
Mclver, and a few days ago Mclver went
to him and represented that he bad a
'sure thing." He told him there was to
be a foot race between Flynn and Ryan in
Golden Gate Park last Thursday, and as
Ryan was the champion 75-yard runner of
the world he could easily defeat Flynn.
Mclver suggested that Steil should bet
$1000 on Kyan. Steil demurred, but was
finally persuaded to put up the money on
the understanding that he should be pres
ent to see the race.
On Thursday Steil and Mclver went out
to the pars and Ryan and Flynn were
there, the latter stripped for the race. As
soon as Steil appeared Ryan ran up to him
and said: "How much money have you
gotto put up on me?" Steil" pulled the
$1000 out of hiß pocket and Ryan grabbed
it and ran, picking up his clothes as he
passed them. Steil started to go after
nim, but Flynn pulled a revolver out of
his pocket and threatened to shoot him
if he followed Ryan.
Flynn then handed the revolver to a
man" named Kerr. who was supposed to be
the stakeholder, and he kept Steil at bay
while Hynn ran in the direction Ryan
had taken. . 8
Steil notified the police and they ad
vised him to swear out a warrant for the
arrest of Flynn and Ryan. It was placed
in the hands of detectives Bee and Harper
and yesterday they arrested the two men.
Kerr, the stakeholder, has disappeared.
Captain Lees said last night that he did
not think Molver was a party to the con
fidence game, but had been made an inno
cent tool of by Flynn and Kyan.
• — ♦ »
No TP.orBLL from mosquitoes, fleas or poison
oak if you have Mitchell's Magic Lotion.. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
SHAW SHOWED HIS WORTH
Landed Wheel of Fortune a
Clever Winner for the
Burns Stake.
LOVDAL FINISHED SECOND.
The Crack Crescendo Was a Hot Favor
ite, but Faltered the Last Furlong.
Favorites Beaten.
The Burns stake, worth $6000 to the win
ning horse, was decided at the Bay Dis
trict Track yesterday, and resulted in one
of the prettiest contests of the season. Of
the ten starters the v. inner turned up in
Joe Harvey's grand mare Wheel of For
tune, ridden by Al Shaw. The event was
formerly known as the Spreckeis stake,
and over a year ago was captured by the
black colt Lissak, with the horse owned by
the' turfman after whom the stake was
named finishing in the place. Yesterday
Lovdal, owned by the senior partner of the
firm of Burns & Waterhouse, also finished
in second place.
The opening betting favored Lovdal, who
opened a 7 to 5 favorite, but closed at twos.
The big plunge was made on Crescendo,
who was backed down from 2% to 1 to 6 to
5. All of the other starters went back in
the betting, Wheel of Fortune being quoted
at 15 as tne norses were called. At the
post the lower strand of webbing was twice
broken by over-anxious starters before the
field was sent away to a fine start. Pass
ing the stand Service was lirst. followed in
close order by Silver State and Crescendo.
The pace set was a slow one, the old
horse still maintaining first position as the
stretch for home was reached, with Cres
cendo and Lovdal at his t<ide, fighting for
the lead. Isaglee Burkes bis chestnut
soon took command, and looked to have
the race at his mercy a furlong from the
wire, but he faltered perceptibly nearing
the paddock, and Lovdtrl torged to the
front. All of this time Shaw on Wheel of
Fortune had been persevering, and the
mare, finishing with her accustomed
gameness, took the big prize by
a long neck. The favorite was third,
a short length further away. The time,
2:o9}£, was good, considering the condition
of the track, which was not of the light
ning order.
The big event attracted a far smaller
crowd than on the occasion of its former
decision. It was large, though, compared
to the e very-day attendance, and the fifteen
bookmakers did a lively business.
The various events were all well con
tested, the recent exposures of fraud evi
dently having as enervating effect on the
jockeys. At that it was a poor day for
first choices, but two of them getting to
the wire in front.
The opening race, a cheap six-furlong
affair, was gathered in very handily by
the 7 to o choice Mirambo, with Shaw up.
Veva. the second choice, was a close j
second.
The four-furlong scramble ended in] a
head finish between Caspar, Lumina and i
Rev del Tierra, the former ruling a hot U
to 20 favorite gaining the verdict.
This was followed by another six-furlong
run for the selling-plater division. Palo
macita, with Jones up. and a sto 1 shot
in the hotting, led the 9to 5 favorite. Sera
pnin, from the start, winning easily by
three lengths.
The mile and a furlong steeplechase I
resulted disastrously for the talent. Three
Forks was heavily" played, goi-ng to the j
post 7 to 5. After leading to the last jump, j
tipence on Sir Keel brought the old sulker
up and, outfooting the first choice^home,
won by a neck. W. L. Munson was a dis
tant third.
Sixth on the card was a six-furlong spin,
with Ricardo, Sir Play, Kamsin and
Realization facing the issue. Sir Play was
a pronounced 7 to 10 choice, but after lead
ing to the stretch was easily beaten in the
run to the wire by Kamsin. The winner
opened at even money, receding to 7 to 5.
'•THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Forty-fifth day of the California Jockey Club's Winter fleeting;, iß°s>96. Bay Dis
trict Track, Saturday, flarch 28, 1890. Weather fine. Track slow.
(u>l FIRST KACE— Six furlongs; selling;
purse $300.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
8L
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
889 Mirambo, 3 104 5
499 Veva, 3 94 9
863 Little Tough, a... 110 4
902 Monterey, 4 110 2
703 Ida 11, 3 94 8
909 To be rose. 6 98 3
1319 Wild nose, a 110 7
755 ; Rosalie, 5 108 6
846 Harry Lewis, 6...U0 1
895 Esperance.s 110 13
889 Concbitm, 4 97 10
814 iloran, 3 96 11 i
6V 2
7 10
5h
84*
9 10
9 1
8 Va
A*
12
10
11
4 h
52
8
8
9
24
3 h
lb
10
11
12
54
32
6 yk
i*
2 1
8
7
1 h
10
11
12
1 h
2 2
3 h
4 4
5Vi
6 4
7 1/2
9 8 a
10 Va
11 V
12
Shaw
Garner
Ames..
Snider
a Slaughter
Reldy
Burns 
Peoples
Hennessv
Clear? . ■' ......
P. Sullivan.....
Cochran
8-5 7-6
9 9-5
20 20
6 10
5 7
60 100
30-20
60 300
20 40
100 160
60 300
10 SO
Starting-gate used. Won cleverly. Winner, Ambrose <fc Miller's b. c, by El Rio Key-Question.
Time, 1:18.
Qf^9 HKCOXD RACE— Four furiongs; two-year-olds; conditions; purse $400.
Index. !
ndex.j Horse, weight. j St.! Vi y a 3i
(832) Caspar ....112 5 ! ; 3h
(903) Lunilna 103 3 '■ 1 h
(890) i Key del Tierra 113 2 i i 2 1
903 1 St. Dunstan ...... 97 1 j 4 8
897 Dolore 103,4 1 52
910 Hohenzollern 104 6 1 6
Horse, weight.
3h
9 V 2
1 h
4 6
5 5
6
Fin.
In
2h
8 5
4 10
5 2
6
j nrVo _. I Bettlns.
Jockeys. | Op c ,
H. Griltin 3-5 2 5
PiKsott 6 5
! Cochran 5 19
Oarner 10 10
T. bloan \1 15
■Macklln 50 150
StartinK-gate used. Won handily. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. c, by Imp. St. Andrew-
sme. Time, :49?i.
QOO THIRD RACE— Six furlonga; selling; conditions; allowances; purse $300.
907 !
1388
902 ,
916
915
285
745
1507
902
916 I
646
| Horse, age, weight. St.
Palomacita, 3 94 1
Serapbln, 4 105 3
Kapido, 4 1012 9
All Smoke, 4 105 '-'
Daylight, 3 98 5
Arno, 4 1071 4
Articns. 5. .113 11
Hanford, 4.. .:.... 110 7
Raphael, 5 110 6
I Nellie G, a ..108 10
Vireie A, 3....... 96 8
Home Harris, 3 ..103 left
1 3
2 1
81
31
7 Va
5h
11
95
6 h
10 6
4Va
1 3
2 3
5 Va
3 ii
8 i/ 2
95
11
7h
4 1
10 10
6 y 2
13
2 4
31
4 4
6
7
11
5
8
10
9
1 3
2 3
3 5
4 6
5 h
6 1
7 Ik
S8
9 2
10
11
!
K. Jones
j Shaw
iHntder
Wack1in.. .......
HgKOtt
Butler.
VV. Flynn
Hennessey
11. Martin......
Hewitt ..........
1. J0hn50n......
liiowan
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. ci.
3
9-8
!U
4
4
15
15
4
12
50
12
30
4
9-5
25
6
5
100
15
5
50
200
40
150
I
Start! ne-^ate used. Won easily. Winner, Burns &
ne, 1:16%. ■.. *
'aterhouse's eh. f., by
i. I'a'.oma
nO A FOURTH RAC
oZt^X. value 7500.
miles; all ages; handicap; penalties; the Burns strikes;
871 Wheel Fortune,4. lo6
845 |Lovdal, 5 108
611 Crescendo, 3...... 107
855 Instnllator, 4 ....11l
884 Service, a.. ......115
899 Silver state. 5.... 88 i
581 IpMissßruinmel3 92 1
(881) Pepper, 4.... 110
BJ7 Vlnctor. 4 115»
845 jThornhill, 5......101 j
Horse, age, weight.
10
. 8
I 6
9
1
i 3
4
9
5
1 7
10
81
5 3 1 V
lh
M}
61
94
•Hi
Vi I 3 /2 S A
10 10 7 3
7 1 I 4 % 3lt
3 V a ; I 8 I 2 a
93 i 8 3 61
!111 11 lh
! 2 h 5 3 : 5 9
I 4 i/ 2 : 3 i / 3 4 2
5 1/2 : 7 h i 8 2
6 h 6V 2 9 3
8 1 » 1 10
»A
8 V
3 1
2 2
6.
1 h
7
42
8
9
10
1 h Shaw
2 1 H. Griffin....
3 4 T.Sloan...
4 1 M. 8ergen........
64 5hie1d5. ...........
6 Va C. Slaughter......
7 6 Garner
8 5 H'ocliran :vr.*.
9 1 ;M:iCK!ln
10 iFijwott :.....;....
Jockeys.
10 12
7-5 7-5
BO 8-5
6 10
10 25
50 80
10- 15
6 "-;; 12
• *
10 30
startiiiK-gate used. Won drivin?. Winner, .T. Harvey'g eh. m., by Oano-Jenule B. At post 22
minutes. Time, 2:09*4- "Coupled with Installator.
Q9^ FIFTH RACE— Oue and an eighth uiilffi; steeplechase; handicap; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
Ist J.;
2d J. 3d J.j Flat JstrJ. Fin. I
2 3 2 2 2 6 |2 ft lh j
18 14 16 13 2 10
33888 1 3 2 3 2
4 1 4 5 410 46 410
5 5 6 |B 5
Betting.
Op. ci.
905 Sir Reel, 6 138 8 11
892 ' Three Forks, 5 163] 1 3:'.
876 W. 1.. Mnnsoo, a. ...120 5 la i/ a
(880) Hello, 4........ 148 4 5
886 Swiftsure, 6... ....... 2 4 2
Spence
Peters
i Swift
2
2
6
7-5
10
5-2
8 5
6
2
15
| Cochran
|T. Murphy
Good start. Won
Winner. Almona stable's b. g., by Alta-Pizzy Blonde. Time, 2:O7Vi-
-926. SIXTH
furlongs; «• liin-,':
I; purse $400.
Horse, age, weight.
■4
Vs
8 /i
Jockeys.
(883)|Kamsin, 3
437 Hrl'lß.v, 3 V
878 RiCJirdo. 5 I
908 | Realization, .". . "
3
1
9
4
23
2 3
34
4
24
4
1 1
25
35
4
Cochran
K. Jones
Garner
Sulder
6-5
1
15
7-
-7-1
1
Starting-gate used. AVon easily. Winner. L. lizell's b. g, by Blazes-Miss Hall. Time, 1:15.
Q97 ShVENTH RACE— One mile;
; purse 9400.
1 Horse, age, weight. St.
JLo K an. a 109J 1
iSclmitar, 3 101 2
'imp. Sta Bella, 3. 88! 3
'■oodwin 11, 4 105| 4
Pin.
Jocteys.
9 2
1 3
2 1
22
4
31
1%
23
4
33
1 h '
3 10
4
rtnieias
C0chran.. .......
Garner..: .*;.»."..
E. J0ue5.. ......
2
6
1-3
10
8-6
25
1-2
16
Starting-gate used. IVon easily.
vV'lnner, Alex Shields' b. h., by Voltieeur-Pert. Time, 1 :4-' l j.
The old iron horse, Logan, showed to
good advantage in the concluding event of
the day, a mile dash, with but four start
ers, imp. Santa Bella held sway in the
ring at 1 to 2, with Logan at one stage as
good as 2% to 1, which price wag later
played down to Bto ft. Goodwin II went
out with a great showing of speed, setting
a hot clip to the bend for home. Shields,
on Louan, then shook his mount up, and
taking the lead won cleverly by a length
from Scimetar, who came fast and nipped
the place from the favorite.
Valuable Gift to the University.
The mining and mineralogtcal departments
of the University of California have received
two very valuable donations from J. B. Ran
dol, for many years manager of the New Al
maden quicksilver mine and now one of the
owners of the Mirabel quicksilver mine.
For many years Mr. Rando ]has gathered
together all the available literature on the
mining and metallurgy of quicksilver, as also
many valuable manuscript reports and collec
tions of newspaper clippings on the statistics
of the subject. The collection includes books
and pamphlets in French, German and Span
ish, as well as in English. The entire collec
tion has been given to the University.
He has also presented a number of valuable
quicksilver ores from Now Ahnaden and other
puns of California, as well as specimens of ores
from Almaden In Spain and Idria in Austria.
The collection contains many rare and perfect
specimens of cinnabar crystals and illustrates
me varied form in jvhicn. quicksilver occurs
in all parts of the world, and will be of great
use to mining students.
ANNUAL SCHOOL REPORT
Superintendent Babcock on the
Various Institutions of
Learning.
Great Progress Has Been Made—Obitu
aries on Deceased Teachers
and Statistics.
The annual report of the Superintendent
of Common Schools, compiled by the
incumbent, Madison Babcock, has just
been issued, showing the great prog
ress during the past twelve months of
the various institutions of learning under
the control of the Board of Education. In
his introductory remarks, Mr. Babcock
says :
Gentlemen: Herewith please find report for
year ending Juno, IS'.)5. But for the sickness
and subsequent death of Superintendent
Moulder, this would have appeared as his re
port. He had devoted much time and thought
to a study of the conditions of the schools, tind
hnd he lived, would have written a report lull
of wise and helpful suggestions.
It is with no small degree of embarrassment
that I assume the duties of an oflice ihat has
been filled by such men as Denman, Mann, An
derson, Swett and Moulder. No one who has
not undertaken it knows how great the re
sponsibility. To fill such a position even con
scientiously, not to say aDly, requires no small
degree of wise forethought and careful discre
tion. A Superintendent of Schools in a large
city finds it quite as difficult to tell what not
to "do as what to do. Any one can tear down
and terrorize, but it remains for few to uuild
with wisdom and courage.
In thl3 connection, permit me to say that
my highest ambition is to assist in some de
gree in the creation of higher ideals among
principals and teachers, and thus secure to the
children in our schools such instruction us
shall fit them for tiie highest type of Ameri
can citizenship.
Considerable space is devoted to the
various brandies of study anil the im
proved methods of teaching* and biograph
ical sketches of the most prominent edu
cators in the department are also given.
Obituary notices of Andrew J. Moulder,
whom Mr. Babcock succeeded, and Miss
Lillie E. Gallagher, Miss Helen A. Sing
ley, Miss Mary Batten, Mrs. F. E.
Reynolds, Mrs. A. C. Palmer, Miss Caro
line K. Putnam. Miss Eva White, Dudley
C. Stone and James G. Kennedy are made
a feature of the report, which concludes
with a complete statistical report of the
condition ot the schools during the year
past. In conclusion Mr. Baocock says:
In conclusion I wish to express in most posi
tive phrase my high appreciation of the people
and the press of ban Francisco for their veiy
cordial support of the schools; of the pupils
for their uniformly studious habits and their
almost always good-natured, cheery obedience :
orthe teachers for their genial, earnest, able
devotion to duty, and of the members of tho
present Board of Education for the intelligent
courage with wnich they manage the schools.
BOTH DOWN ON COBBLES
Street Superintendent Ashworth
to the Merchants' Asso
ciation.
PLEADS THE LACK OF FUNDS.
The Association Is to Make Plans for
Needed Improvements in the
Near Future.
Conditions on the principal streets are
commencing to receive some degree of con
sideration. The cobblestone, that marvel
to the . tourist, is apparently doomed;
though, like other bad things, it will prob
ably be long a-dying. The following let
ter on the subject was received at the head
quarters of the Merchants' Association
yesterday :
San Francisco, March 26, 1896.
I F. ! W, Dohrmann Esq., President Merchants' As
sociation, San Francisco— Dear Sir: I herewith
submit to your consideration a statement of
the condition of the Street Department fund
for the liscal year ending June 30, 1896, show
ing the expenditures made up to March 1,
1896, and the balances to the credit of the de
partment on that date, as also a list of out
standing liabilities against the fund.
I desire to specially direct your attention to
the fact that in submitting to the Auditor an
estimate of the amount required for the use of
the Street Department for the fiscal year, I in
cluded therein an item for the amount required
for "repaying streets now paved with cobbles
151 blocks and forty-eight crossings," which I
estimate would cost $452,690.
In the "Keport of the Superintendent of Pub
lic Streets, Highways and Squares," submitted
to the Board of Supervisors on July 15, 1895,
appears the the following: "The cobble pave
ment should no longer be allowed to disgrace
our City, and I earnestly recommend that on
streets of suitable grade the cobbles be re
moved and replaced with a smooth and noise
less pavement." •
Municipal Reports, San Francisco, 1894-95.
Of a total appropriation .of $326,500, not
more than one-third of this appropriation is
within the control and at the disposal of the
street Superintendent.
The only portion of the fund over which he
exercises any disposition is that which is com
prehended within the scope of the immediate
necessities incident to the department. The
remainder is subject to the special appropria
tions made by the Board of Supervisors for
particular improvements and the subsequent
pleasure of said board as to other improve
ments petitioned for from time to time.
Your notice is respectfully directed to the
balance available lor accepted streets and
sewers of $08,899 52, out of a specially fixed
appropriation of $200,000. The drain on this
special sum by reason of expenditures for
necessary repairs of accepted streets, cleaning
and repairing sewers, in addition to the de
NEW TO-DAY.
Do You Want
•~n A STRONG MAN who is vig-
(^'•\ ** orous in muscular power is
£& _^JA2J' x '" v >-/ v *n^ the envy of his fellow-man. He
■ i ~lJ.*'?j ! ' "^T-S; is looked upon as one of nature's
- ,— i - ;•?- — '• d f/J noblemen. And yet how many
5 J?r~i men there are who would gladly
i~Ji!K-) - sacrifice that muscular strength
/jC^^^u^u** l^ for the recovery of a still more
Jhwj?^^/ precious element that has been
sk \ )<\ lost. Men are not always what
fjsj&h^j^:> they seem. Almost daily we come
\ WK^'^X * n conversation with men who
)^tjo\\ v\ seem strong, vigorous, but who
I ' \\\ l\ • have begun to fail in the force of
| jjflj /a • manhood, and who would, in a
V J^'=^ — ''-L^ few years, on account of this
y^ss^^w^Miamml- treacherous, secret waste, fail vie
w '- t tims to that most hateful disease
—Nervous Debility. This is the enemy which in time destroys
even the muscular power and all power of mankind.
Would you protect yourself against any possibility of this
calamity ? Ignorance of the symptoms is no excuse for permit-
ting the weakness to grow on you. If you would study this sub-
ject for your own good send for the little book, ''Thr-ee Classes of
Men," which will be mailed free, closely sealed. It is plain and
honest, and its contents are instructive.
SCIATICA.
"I want you to know what your Electric Belt has done for me. I have been a sufferer from
Sciatica for rive years or more, and It just did me up at times. When I would stoop over I would
be unable to get up again without great pain, and suffered a great deal from it. 1 got relief in
two days from your Belt, and my back is now as well as ever. It has done me much good in
other respects also, and I know it to be a good thing. I believe that people who need it ought to
know of its value. I wouldn't part with mine for any consideration."— S. D. VALENTINE of
Francis- Valentine Company, Printers, 517 Clay st., San Francisco. ;'i?/'n^
RHEUMATISM.
"I bought your Belt last October for muscular Rheumatism. I had great pain in my arms,
! legs and back. 1 could not stand in an upright position without severe pain; my arms were so
bad I could not raise them to my head. I saw an improvement as soon as I put the Belt on, and
since then I have felt like a different man. Your Belt has done wonders for me, and I would not
part with it for $100."— C. L. LAMOREAUX, 517 Wall st., Los Angeles, Cal.
LAME BACK. /_
"You ask me for a statement concerning the full effect of your Belt on me. I suffered for 14
years as bad as any man could. I used to have to roll out" of bed, and if I sat down I could not
get up again for ten minutes. I would almost cry with pain at times. I tried everything and
got no relief till I got your Belt. I received the Belt on the 7th of February and put "it on in the
evening of the same day and wore it all night. I had not a pain in the morning and have had
none since."— TlloS. O'CONNOR, 64 South River St., San Jose, Cal. '• <
VARICOCELE.
r rll\lV\/VL<L<Lit
"I bought one of your strong-power Belts for Varicocele and weakness. My case was one of
long standing and was aggravated by the use of all kinds of medicines, from which I got no
relief. It made a change at once, and in a week or two the swollen veins were greatly reduced,
and for the good your Belt has done me I will always recommend it."— UEO. E. NASH, Fifth
aye. and Crocker st., Los Angeles, Cal.
PARALYSIS.
"Five weeks ago to-day, when I got your Belt, I was helpless in bed with Paralysis. After
wearing it one week I could raise myself up in bed and sit on the bed. The second week I could
walk about twenty feet with two canes; fourth week I went outside down a flight of; six steps
and walked about a hundred yards and back; : and this mo'ning I went out and walked very
Rear a quarter of a mile. I can now get around and help myself without bothering any one.
It was a blessing to mi the day I got your Belt."— F. A. MONARCH, Gilroy, Cal .
Think of the happiness, the
deep, heart-whole content that *$$&Ff&ss^s&fe-
settles upon your mind when
you say to yourself, ''I am
strong and manly ; I have pre- f^^^^^^^y^^W
served the gift^of manhood that KKL7 ' .«i /
nature gave . me." Yes, you Wp^^^^^^-^J^^P
who can say that, and say it
honestly, think of how much "■■ v ,' j^^^^^^r
you owe to nature, the giver of -**W^
manhood. Yet not many can say it. There are too many pit-
falls, too many temptations in the path of young men, and too
many of them fall.
It is to correct the error of youthful folly, and to point out
the happy recovery of manly vigor by his wonderful Electric
Belt, that Dr. Sanden has given to the world his famous book,
"Three Classes of Men." He will send a pocket edition, free,
sealed, to any sufferer, or to any man who does not feel himself a
man. Get it. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt cures weak men.
Call or address
SANDEN electric CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO^
Oaic* Hour*— B to 0 ; Evenings, 7to 8:80; Sundays, 10 tola*
■ / rortlaao, Oregon* Oflloo, 293 Waaaiastoa Str«ofe
mands approved on account of contracts let
by the Roard of Supervisors for new work,
has left this special mv.i in an unsatisfactory
condition.
In fact, jn order to meet the actual require
ments of this department for the balance of
tne fiscal year it will be necessary to en
croach upon sums appropriated for other pur
poses.
This is also especially true as to providing
funds for the pay ment of the contracts for repay
ing Folsom street, Van Ness avenue, Mason
street, between Pacihc and Jackson, Taylor
street, between Pacific and Broadway, and
other contracts already awarded by the Board
of Supervisors.
I appreciate fully the necessity for replacing
tne cobble pavement in the business section of
the City with a more desirable pavement, but
in the matter of projecting this much needed
work I am subjected to the discretion of the
Board of Supervisors. lam endeavoring now,
with the limited means at my disposal, to re
construct pavements on the "streets in that
portion of the City near the wuter front where
heavy drayuge is conducted, and for which
there is pressing necessity. 1 am s-atistied that
the efforts of the Merchants' Association to se
cure a special appropriation in the levy to be
made in June next, for the removal of cobbles
and the substitution of bituminous rock for
the pavement of the streets in the business
center of the City would be crowned with suc
cess, and I can assure you that in this behalf I
shall heartily co-operate with the association.
Respectfully yours, Thos. Asijworth,
Superintendent of Public Streets, Highways
and Squares.
To this the secretary of the association
made answer in the following terms:
San Francisco, March 27, 1896.
Hon. Thomax Ashworth, Superintendent of Pub
lic Streets, Highway* and Squaies, City and
County of San 'Fiancixo— Dear Sir: Your es
teemed favor of yesterday has duly reached
this ottice and has been submitted to the presi
dent of this association. He requests me to
acknowledge the receipt of the same and to
assure you thftt this association fully recog
nizes the difficulties, as presented in your
communication, of making the suggested im
provements during thi\tiscal year. The op
portunity, however, will be taken shortly by
the board of directors of this association to
formulate plans for 6ecuring these improve
ments during the next fiscal year. These plans,
as soon as prepared, will be submitted to your
consideration: and it affords us pleasure
to be assured that the association will have
your hearty co-operation in this important
matter. J. Richard Freud,
Secretary Merchants' Association.
A former City and County official, when
shown the correspondence above copied,
remarked:
"Triere may be sopiething in it, who
knows? But my conviction is that there
will be cobble pavements in San Francisco
fifty years from now, unless the rising
generation takes more interest in public
works than the element which now holds
the reins.''
A Veteran's Funeral.
Erwin B. McElroy, veteran of the late war,
who served three years in Company C, Fourth
Ohio Volunteers, died in Newark, Alameda
County, on the 24th inst. The funeral will be
held at the hall of fieorpe H. Thomns Post No.
2. O. A. X., this afternoon at 1 o'clock. Rev.
Charles O. Brown, a comrade of the post, will
deliver a memorial address. Frank Coffin's
quartet will iurnish vocal music. Paul Yolk
nian, bugler Light Battery D, United States
army, will sound "taps." The interment will
be in George 11. Thomas Post plat, National
Cemetery, Presidio.
NEW TO-DAT.
: — ~ : — ~
■ . ■ ■*;' - . - ■
"CANCER
ON FACE CURED
By Dr. C. A. Uaseall, ISo2 Market St.
Dr. Hascall referred to me in last Sunday's is-
sue, as one he had cured of cancer. I wish to
say to those who are suffering from cancer if
any one can cure you he can. My treatment
with him was for a large cauliflower cancer on
face and neck. It had reduced me in flesh un-
til I was so weak I could hardly get to his office.
My stay at the Sanitarium was three weeks. In
four weeks I had gained fifteen pounds and
was all healed up in six weeks. His treatment
does not burn it out, but seems to kill the can-
cer completely and is not painful. If you have
enncer don't wait but go to see him at once.
Respectfully. W. R. DE FREES,
Arlington House, Oakland, Cal.
I At Auction
TUESDAY.... MARCH 31, 1898
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOOV,
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
Business alia Resilience Property,
A Tortion of the Original
HORACE HA WES ESTATE.
BUSINESS PROPERTY. '
Moth and Howard Streets.
Large and elegant piece of business property on
the southerly corner of Ninth and Howard sts.,
comprising FIVE STOKES and FIVE FRENCH
FLATS on Ninth st. and six RESIDENCES on
I Howard st. This magnificent piece of business
property lias a future outlook that cannot be ex-
celled in the city. Ninth st. is the coming promi-
nent south of Marker st. business street. The size •
of this large and valuable lot. 300 feet on Ninth by
185 feet on Howard St., cornering on Caroline St.,
Is one of the largest pieces ! of property now intact
in this city, and a prominent corner to Improve
with fin* stores, grand hall, theater and French
tenements— improved in this manner would make
it the best paying property in the city. Capitalists
and speculators should examine this Full rents,
#428 per month. Cable and electric lines surround
the property. Streets In basalt rock and accepted
by the city. Corner lot, 100x185 feet.
ALSO— Belonging to the same estate, southeast
line of Howard. 225 feet southwest of Ninth street,
and southerly corner of Howard and Caroline,
streets. This valuable corner contains four French
flats. Full rents, $88 per month. This is a good
property to Improve with store below, which would
rent readily. Howard-street electric, Ninth and
Tenth street cable. Central location. Large lot,
41:4x100 feet. Terms, on both pieces, one-half
cash, balance in one and two years; interest 7 per
cent per annum.
REFEREE'S SALE.
THE MAGNIFICENT
MAI^SIOIST,
Southeast Corner of O'Farrell and ■
GougU Streets,
] And lot 60x137 :6 feet, with an L on southeast cor-'
j ncr 30x3-1 2 feet. The subdivisions of this man-
sion comprise saloon parlors, reception and dining
rooms and large ball, which open together, making
one grand room of the entire floor; kitchen, but-
ler's and other pantries, servants' rooms, etc., on
first floor annex: five large bedrooms, dressing-
roomr, bathrooms, toilets, etc., on second floor;
space for three large rooms in attic; storerooms,
coalroom, wineroonim and laundry in basement;
basement c-mented: large, handsome grounds; '
streets bituruliiized and basalt rock: front walk
cemeut stone; surroundings cannot be excelled;
neighbors are of the lirst-ciass order; car accom- j
modations not excelled. Terms— Cash; In per
cent at time of sale, balance upon confirmation by
Superior Court; deed at expense of purchaser;
tax s for fiscal year 1896-97 to be paid by pur-
chaser. N. B. — examine this property please
obtain card from the auctioneers.
Elegant Investment — "Mis-ion.
Southeast corner of Capp and Adair sts., near
Sixteenth, Howard and Mission. This handsome
windowed modern property consists of store
; and three French flats of seven, six and lour rooms
and bath; electric appliances, etc.; rent $91 per
month: basalt blocks in street; cement stone
walks; electric and cable cars; corner lot, 25x75
feet.
i
Elegant Residence— Height*.
South side (No. 2029) of Vallejo, 137:6 feet east
of Buchanan St.; eight rooms and bath; basement
and attic; electric appliances; gas fixtures; grand
marine view; Pacitic-ave. cable; large lot, 27:6 x
137:6 feet.
Pacific Heights — Investment Property.
North line (No*. 3116 and 3118) of Washington,
106:3 west of Baker at.; comprises (No. 3116) two
handsome French . flats, the upper one of eight
rooms, bath and tic. lower flat four rooms and
bath; (No. 3118) an elegant dwelling of ten rooms
and bath; tinted walls aud mo lern improvements
throughout the property; architecture artistically
designed: cement stone walk; street In bituminous
i rock: Sacramento aDd Jackson st. cables; lot 50 x
127:8 ,4 feet.
j Castro Heights— Corner ' Business T.<>t.
! Southwest corner of Castro and Twenty-fifth sts.
Commands a fine view and is advantageously lo-
; cated lor business; Castro-st. cable; lot 25x80 feet.
Grand Property in the City of Petaluma,
the Metropolis of Sonoma County.
Southeast corner of Washington and Keller sts. ,
Comprises the Brooklyn Hotel of 41 rooms: three
cottages of seven rooms each and basement: largo
stable, carriage and other buildings: If" in the cen-
tral part of this thriving city and is sold to close; it
can be made a large-paying investment; look at
the size of this corner; lot 100x179 feet to an alley.
" For catalogue, terms, etc., inquire of
JEASTOX, DLDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st. Auctioneers.
LI PO JR.. /TV
Chinese Tea and Herb L s J
Sanitarium, flr-^-Jf
No. 727 Washington St, £. 3
San Francisco, Cal. VfP 9
Cor. Brenhiun Place, abort ttfSkv- A
the plaza, /Jfc^.
Office Hours: 9to 12. — "^ (fJP*^
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- ■**£&*'
day, 9 A. M. to ISM.
Id Po Tal Jr., son of the famous LI Pa»
Tal, has taken his father's business, 1
and is, after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
■V^i These tiny Capsules are supenor
V^S : to Balsam of Copaiba, /^"Nj
P A 1 Cubebsorlnjectionsandl fiUDf j
I#J ] CURE IN 48 HOURS
wj the 6ame diseases without
inconvenience.
"^^ . \ Sold by all druggists. \
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-EE-
modeled anil renovated. ICING, WARD <S CO.
European plan. ■• Kooms 50c to SI 50 per day, %1
to 88 per week. $8 to 830 per montn: free baths:
hot and cold water every room: fire grates in
•very room: elevator runs all night.
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUPINFSS nFFICF. of the San FranciscoCai-i^
-710 Market street, open until 18 o'clock tfvery
Olgnt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
corner day : oren until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes, street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin sirect, ojien until 9:30 o'clock.
SW: corner sixteenth and Mission streets, opsa
ajntil B o'clock.
2818 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIIUKCII NOTICES.
S ;:^"F"fRsTHrUR7?irOFiciIRIST, SCIEN-
%-.£? tbt— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
836 Post ' st., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, International Series. Subject: "Review."
All are welcome.
mr&r> TRINITY CHURCH. COR. BUSH AND
cF^ Gough sts.— Rev. George Edward Walk,
rector Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Morning
prayer and "sermon at 11 o'clock. Evening
prayer and sermon at 7:30. Holy com-
xnunlon on the first and third Sundays of the
month, and on holy days at 11 a.m. All wel-
come. .
jjpsp (J RA C E METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp sts.—
Key M. 1' Colburn, pastor. Preaching at 11
A m by the pastor: subject, "There Is No Hell,
Sunday-school at 2:80 p. 51.: Cecil W. Mark,
superintendent: bring the children, everybody |
welcome. I raise - vices at 7:SO P. m.. led by |
Brother Robert Husband. Preaching at 7:45 p.m.
by the pastor; subject. "There Is ■ No Heaven.
Good sinking. Everybody invited. Seats free.
o^-Sr- CHURCH OF THE ADVENT (EPI8CO-
&J& pal), Eleventh St., near Market— Rev. .1. A.
Fmery.rector. Palm Sunday. Morning prayer, with
Bcriron by the rector, at 11 o'clock. At 4p. m. the
Right Rev. William Ford Nichols, D.D , Bishop of
California, will perform the Apostolic rite of con-
firmation and deliver an address. Evensong, with
sermon by the rector, at 7:45.
stTS= CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
LFjS' corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev.
John Hemphill, P.P., pastor, will preach at 11
a m aid 7:30 P. si. Evening topic "A Costly
Supper and Too Late Repentance." Morning
music: ■l. litnni ' in E flat (Schnecker) : oner-
tory, alto so'.o, ■•Thou Art Near" (Holdon). Even-
ing music: "Jubilate Deo," arranged from Mo-
zart • oilertorv, trio (soprano, tenor and bass), "I
Will Lay Me Down" (O. B. Brown). All are
cordially invited.
_F^i=~FIRST UNITED -PRESBYTERIAN
t££— ? Church. Golden Gate aye. and I oik St.—
K. \. M. M. Gibson, P.P., pastor. Services at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. The young people's services
at tJ-30 p. m. Subject tor the morning, "Sticking j
to One's Religion": for the evening, "Lessons
Learned in a storm at Sea." Seats free. Cordial
welcome to all. ____•
H^s=> FIBST UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
b^—^ ncr Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
Stebbins, D.D., minister; William G. Eliot Jr.,
associate, at lie churcli Mondays from 10 to 12.
Stinfiay-school at 9:45 a.m. Services at 11 a.m.
and 7:30 p. m. Bible-class at 9:45 a. m., led by
Rev. Samuel' Slocombt. Subject of evening ser-
mon. "social and Individual Destiny." All are
cordially invited. I
■2S 3 SECOND l PARIAN CHURCH. COB-
\S^ ncr of Twentieth and C;»pt» sts.— A. J.
Wells, pastor: residence. 20 Liberty st. sermon at
11 a. K. on "The Peep Roots of Moral Law."
Lecture at 7:45 p. m. on "The Judgment Pay— a
Present Fact and Not a Future and Spectacular
Event." Sunday-school at 5:45 a. m. Bible study
at 6:45 p.m. All are invited. Seats free.
If— ?• FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
££— ' corner Post and Mason sts. — Rev. C. O.
Brown. P.P., pastor. Morning service 11 a. m.;
theme. "Palms for the Knit:." Evening service at
7:30 o'clock: theme. •■No More Curse." Sunday- .
si:iiool and Bible classes at 1*2:45 p. m.; I. H.
Morse, superintendent. Young People's Society of
Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. All are cordially
invited.
er^g= THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCIT,
Ei—^ Fifteenth St.. near Mission— Rev. William
Rader, pastor. Services at 11 a. m.: subject,
"The Invisible God." Services at 7:30 p. M-; sub- I
ject, "God's American Volunteers." a sermon on !
ihe new religious order. Music by chorus choir j
under dilection of William C. >ta ltfeld : "O, Lamb !
of God'" (Gounod); "O, Sing Into the Lord"
(Fletcher); -Peace I Leave With You" 1 (Roberts);
"Lead. Kindly Light" (Sullivan). Male quartet.
All are cordially invited.
jET"— = CAL7FORNIA-*T. METHODIST Kl'is"-
-&--& copal Church, cor. California and Broderick I
.- -. -Rev. W. R. Goodwin, U.D., rasior. Baptism,
reception of members and the Holy Communion j
at 11 A. m. Sunday-school at 12:30 P. m. Epwortb
League at 6:45 P. .m. Rev. Anna H. Shaw will
i reach a] 7:45 p. m. This will be her last sermon
In this city. Seats all free and everybody invited.
. Bt~S= FIRST ENG LISH, THE RAN
IS^C Church, on Geary St., near Cough— Rev. O.
H. (inner, pastor. Services Sunday a: 11 i
a. m. and 7:4") p. m.: Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. ;
Prayer-meeting Wednesday at 7:45 p.m. Confirma- :
tion service this morning; subject of, sermon, !
••United With Christ.' 1 Evening, "The Messiah
Heralded." Special service Good Friday morning.
Holy Cnnifliunion on Easter. Children's service I
Easter evening. Seats free. All welcome.
C»^— s = CHURCH OF THE HOLY SPIRIT (EV.
w~* 7 Lutheran in faith) — Key. O. C. Miller, pastor:
Iranklln Hall, Fillmore st., bet- Bush and Sutter.
Services at 11a. m. and 7:45 p.m. Sunday-school at
9:45 a. m. Special Palm Sunday service this
morning. In the evening children's service.
Service every evening through the coming week
;.t 7:45.
irr»» CHURCH OF JESI - CHRIST OF LAT-
Eb-—^ ter-dav Saints. Services at 2 and 7:45 P. m.
every Sunday Friendship Hall. 909 Market st.
.\t this even usr'a services Elder Willard scowcroft
of Ogdeii, l.ti>h, will speak on "The Coming Forth
of Uie i o.k ol Mormon and the Restoration of the
Priesthood." Everybody welcome. seats free.
vtrTS* PI YIN SCIENCE SERVICE AT HOME
&-& College, 828 Seventeenth st., at 2:30 p. m.—
Subject, "The Christ Method of Healing," by M. K.
Cromer, in which she will relate many cases of
quicK healing during her late work in Humboldt
• 'ounty, Cal.
C^Sr" i HEOSOPHICAI. SOCIETY — i-REE
Li ■-* public lectuie every Sunday evening at 320
Post st.. 7:45 o'clock. To-night, '-Theosophy in
l ractlce," by Mr. K. Williams.
G^TS 1 "TURKEY '~ AND ARMENIA IN
■ l>~-^ Prophecy," by Dr. Morgan, Native Sons'
Jiali. at 3v. M. seals free.
SUNDAY IIEKTIXGS.
tf— g= TIIE SOCIETY^ up I>H(X4RESSIVE
i-r ° Spiritualists will celebrate the forty-eighth !
, anniversary of modern spiritualism at Golden Gate
Hail, on Sutter St., bet. Mason ami Taylor, on Sun-
day, March -_'9. at 7:80 F. m. :-übject, "The Ad-
vent of Modern Spiritualism." Speaker, J. Clegg
Wright. Music by the Misses Lillian ana Emily
Coieman. Admission free.
[XS 3 < A LIFORNIA PSY CHICAL SOCIETY—
Or— ' Mr. J. J. Morse will lecture at National
Hall. Ellis St., net. Polk st. and Van Ness aye.,
this evening at 7:45. Subject, "The Unknown
Man,"' being the last of a series of rive lectures on
".Some General Illustrations of the Principles of
Psychic science." Seats reserved for members.
Admission free.
ItS" LIBERALS AND FREETHINKERS—
E»—^ The san Francisco Liberal Union and
friends of liberalism will tender to Dr. J. L. York
a benefit nt Scottish Hall, 105 Larkln St., this even-
ing a: 8 sharp, on which occasion the doctor will
speak on "Education, Love, Marriage and the Fam-
ily." Music and song. All invited. Admission 25c.
Jp'lS-' DB.BOBBINB LECTURES TO-NIGHT 1
»— ? on "Why Marriage Is a Failure to a Great
Extent": convincing tests: the sick healed: medi-
ums developed and written questions answered;
magnetized paper and circle tickets free. Wash-
Ington Hall. 35i 2 Eddy St.. 8 p.m.; ad mission free.
ft^S= THERE WILL be A phenomenal
&—^ seance at 110 Hayes 9i. Wednesday. April '
1. at 7:30 p. M. Materializing, slate-writing and
other physical manifestations. Admission 25c.
Bishop Garrison, medium.
gt^&= "997 MARKET ST~FIRST PBOGBEB-
K^-iy give Spiritual Church— ll a. m. developing
circle: 2 p. m. tests, articles read, Mr. Keegan,
Mrs. Dunham, _wer: 7:30 P. m. tests, questions an-
swered, -Mr. Smith. Mrs. Ladd-Flnnican, Tobias
Meyers.
' Kpsf* MET BOPOLITAN TEMPLE, FIFTH
I*—^ st., near Market— Sunday. March 29, 1896,
8 p.m., lecture: -'Is the Bible a True Book?" Jn
other words, is it an inspired revelation from God?
Admission free. W.H.Vance.
jtTS^ GOOD-CITIZENSHIP MEETING, MET-
vr- v troi)Olitan Temple. Sunday, March 29, 3
P.M.; address by Major T. ('. Ryan of Columbus,
Ohio; subject, •■Romanism vs. Protestantism—
Their Fruits Compared"; admission 10c.
ftp??* SWAIN RETURNEP-850 MARKET
•»-■*' St.; controlled by Buena Vista; tells how
to be happy, though married; only ladies: hours 1
to ti. Residence 288 Paris st.
XB 5 AT PR. KINKS' SPIRITUAL MEET-
**-*' Ing, 909 Market st., 2 and 8 p. m., circle and
platform tests; Mmes. Bird. Henderson; song by
Minna Woodard; Dr. A. Tobias, ofliee, 128 Turk.
»^S= W. .1. COLVILLE, ANCHOR H ALL, 997
wr-* Market, 10:45 a. m., "True Significance of
Passover; i :45 p.m.. "Origin, Progress and Des-
tiny of the Human Spirit."
HTTS^TH PSYCHIAL SOCIETY OF OAK-
Df—^ land will meet at Fraternal Hall, Washing-
ton st. at BP. m. PROFESSOR YINGO will oc-
cupy the platform.
jj£pS=» M Kill! M ISTIC PERSON"- OR OTHERS
**~f desirous of improving their mediumship
and wishing to attend developing circle, call on
or address W. H. DRUHE, 1207 Market, rm. 2.
|Pj§= W J. COLVILLE'S CLOSING LECTURE
• &<£>■ ■ in Hamilton Hall, Thirteenth St., Oakland, 3
p.m. "True Significance of the Passover." Good
music.
f_^» A . KATE HEI fss MA TEST M EKT-
B^-*^ log to-night at 793 Stevenson, off Ninth;
10c: circle Tuesday evening, 25c; sitting. $1.
|T^s= MRS. BHBIKER, SEAL AND . GRIF-
•*-" fin; grand spiritual meeting to-night and
Thursday eve.; lec:ure and tests, 10c. ill Larkin.
, '*£&* -IMRITUA LISTS' A.NM VKHSAItY
tt— ' celebration, 909 Market St.. Tuesday even-
ing, March 31; admission free.
spgs=>~MßS. FULTON, MATERIALIZING
»*— »" seance to-night; 50c; sittings dally. 31 Fell.
It^ TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: 10c. MME.
E£3^ YOUNG, 605 McAllister St.: large orchestra
F^W MRS. COLBY HOLDS HER CIRCLES
Itr^y for spirit messages to-night at 1221/2 Oak st.
VCZf* C. V. MILLER, MATERIALIZING BE-
t»- ance to-nitrht. 8 o'clock. 685 Post St.: 50c.
hOTlCii <»r. J.U.TiA(,i,.
»T^= COURT DIANA OF IN DEPEND- >Ws^*»
Eb-^C ent Order cf Foresters meets la Myr- ?Tf
tie IWI, Alcazar building, every Til URS- _>'i
DA*. FBBD MILL-R, C. B « A
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
Vt^s= EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, F. •
Ht--^ and A. M.— Special meeting ' "«/\-
DAY. March 29, at 1 o'clock r. m., for. the^ZT
purpose of conducting the funeral of our ' V
deceased brother, ANDREW JOHNSTON, late
from London, England. By order of the W. M. "
TIIEO. E. SMITH, Sec.
FIDELITY LODGE NO. 222,
«*^ £ ' I. O. O. IV. meets MONDAY iSgSJgHScs
EVENING, March .19. Initiation. -^SB^gl^F
M<m')ers requested and visitors in- '"'"
vited io attend. W. S. MATHEWS, N. O.
1. H. Vanoybooubt, Secretary.
! tF"^ PARKER LODGE, I. O. O. F.
Ifrj6' Members are requested to he in;^!_a_si_
th',ir lodireroom TO-DAY at 1 v. M. -^=**^^S-
to attend the funeral of Brother WIL- ' / " lvs>
LIAM DE WITT. J. L. GEARY JR., N. O.
afap» "FOR AULD LANG SYNE."— _ «• >
iP-* s^ Thirty-fifth grand annual excur- 3Vi QJij
sion, picnic and games of Si. Andrews HBtTKc
Society at El Campo SATURDAY, May '"*_^3^
16, 1896. ANDREW WILKIE, President.
William C. Cook. Secretary.
H^rS="~ THE ANNUAL GATHERING . Ov
Et^S' and games of the Caledonian Club JJL ZfJj
SATURDAY, May 30, at Shell Mound >SkX_*
Park. D. H. McNEILL, Chief. .
.lamks 11. Duncan, Secretary.
j3£— p THE S. F. SCOTTISH THIS- _« _.
GS^> tie Club will give a grand concert 3y» Gtujl
and social at B. B. Hall, 131 Eddys:., *K*3LV£
FRIDAY EVENING, April 10, 1896.
We want all the old friends and patrons of the club
i present on that occasion. A gala night— a great
programme. Admission 25 cents each. Hat and
coat rooms at disposal of guests.
J. D. COULIE, Royal Chief.
Gkokgk. W. Paterson-, Recorder.
SrrS 3 ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
\£>& annual meeting of stockholders of the
Western Sugar Refining Company will be held at
the oflice of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 30th day of
March, 1896, at the hour of 12 o'clock m., for the.
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer- books will close on Friday, March 20,
1896, at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
ap-3s=» baT) te nantl* EJECTEB~FOR~iT;
sF- collections made, city 'or conittry. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.,* room 6. Tel. 5580.
»pjg» WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
tSr~£' scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
ri»rriagp« rin»rn-itee<l. C. ROSSI A CO.. 2i'Z Sutter.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BEOULAB MTEETUIGOF THE
B ; £? Board of Directors of the California Wine
Association, dividend No. 2, of $1 25 per share, was
declared payable on and after March 31; books of
transfer close Thursday. March 26, 1896.
H. VAN BERGEN, Secretary.
SITUATIONS IVANTKD— FK3IA-K.
SWEDISH COOK, WITH THREE YEARS'
O references! wants a place in city or country.
For particulars address or telephone . MISS
PLUNK 424 Sutter St.
T ABIES CAN SECURE FIRST-CLASS HELP
i-rfof all nationalities by calling, addressing or
telephoning MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
17URST-CLASS GERMAN COOK DESIRES
place: 2 neat housegirls, 4 years last place: a
strong ranch cook: hotel cooks; chambermaid.
MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton St.: open Sunday.
WEDISH EMPLOYMENT BUREAU; FlRsf-
kJ class girls awaiting situations. 315 Suiter at.
IDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE POSl-
tion as companion to old lady or in linen-room
of hotel or restaurant. Address or call 808 Laguna.
IjMtENCH LADY, WIDOW, WOULD LIKE A
X situation as housekeeper or laundress. Call
417 Folsom St., upstairs.
-[EXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER WANTS
J-i work by the day: city or country: best of ref-
ences. Address 1330 Sanchez st.
fTVIToK OUGHLY COMPETENT EXPE R I -
i i. encert stenographer, owning machine, desires
position; small salary. Address VERITAS, box
SI, Call Otlice.
A- OUNG WOMAN FROM EUROPE WOULD
1 like position for general housework; can do
plain American cooking; city or country. Address
letters K. W., box 85, Call Office.
I r\ ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
i vjr do general housework; no objection to coun-
! try. 11l Twenty-sixth St., near Mission.
Situation" wanted BY NEAT, WILLING
0 young woman for housework; wages $15.
Call or address (Monday) 916 Howard st.
TIT ANTED— BY A COMPETENT LADY PHY-
'» s clan, position to take charge of invalid at
| home or traveling: be»t references given and re-
\ quirt d. Addre ;s P. 8., box 82, Call otlice.
! ESPECTABLE GEKMAN GIRL WISHES
I XV position in nice family for second work or as
nursery governess. Address 888 Dolores st.
("IIRL WHO SPEAKs GERMAN, FRENCH
T arid English would like a situation to mind
children or to do upstairs work; good seamstress.
Address M. Z., 921 Florida St.. between Twenty-
first and Twenty-second.
• yOUXG GIRL, WILLING AND OBLIGING,
1 X desires employment In candy or drygoods store,
' . or cashier In restaurant; wages small. Address 8.,
; box 83, Call Office.
I 1 OOQ MA~R~KET— RELIABLE EASTERN
; IO—.O woman wishes nursing or care of invalid;
city or count ry; reference.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion as housekeeper: good cook and seam-
stress; no objection to children: city. Call Mon-
day 731 Folsom st. .
■yiRENCH LADY, speaking good ENG-
JO lish, wishes work by the day or at home: has
her own sewing machine: understands mending:
willing to assist in ironing and take gentlemen's
mending home. MRS. PORN, 706 California at.
TTOUSEKEEPER'S POSITION IN THE
XX country wanted by a young American woman.
j Address A. A., box 134, Call Office.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
situation for general housework in small fam-
i ly. Inquire Prescott House, 933 Kearny st.
pOOD GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
IX some work by the day, $1 and carfare, for
• washing or house-cleaning, or anything. Please
call or address 26 Hunt st.
; pOMPETENT SEAMSTRESS. cuts and
I \J fits, will do chamberwbrk, care of children or a
, house in family: will travel, or some position of
trust: best of city reference. Address C. C, box
. 85, Call Office.
: AT" OUNG. WOMAN ANXIOUS TO GET WORK
X by the day: washing, window- cleaning or
sweeping, at f 1 25. Please address Y. \VV, box
; 135, Call Office.
ANTED BY RESPECTABLE GIRL: POSI-
" tion in private family; light housework or
second work; willing and obliging; good reference.
; Call 22 Fifth st.
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WASHING,
ironing and house-cleaning by the day. Please
• call 116 Shipley St., bet. Filth and Sixth; rear.
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
• " cleaning, from Bto 6 o'clock; wages 60 cents.
; Address M., box 137, Call Office.
yOUXG STRONG WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
X tion to wash dishes in restaurant, boarding-
house or hotel: is good worker: will do chamber-
■ work; wages $12 to 15 per month. Address 270
; Jessie st.
■ YOUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION TO DO
I i general housework: good cook. Apply 311
; Fell st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
' \J tie day; Is a good worker. Plea call at 1718
Lexington aye., off Eighteenth St., between Mission
and v alencia.
IDDLE-AUED LADY WANTS A PLACE
MI MM.I. A'.KD LADY WANT- A I' LACK
as housekeeper or nurse. Please call or ad-
; dress 240 Shotwell st.
; SCANDINAVIAN YOUNG WOMAN, JUST
. O arrived from the East, wishes a place as child's
nurse: jpecially trained: references If required.
2133 Mission st.
: DB ESSM A X B A D " SEAMSTRESS, GOOD
Xy fitter and draper, sews 50c a day. M. C, box
! 98, Call Office. ■ ..- :. ,v
' WANTED— SITU AT I TO COOK AND DO
» » general housework in small family, by neat,
'. active, reliable woman: good reference; city or
country. Address M. A., box 108, Call Office.
HOUSEKEEPING POSITION WANTED BY
-Eastern widow Of 28; has no children;
plenty furniture; will work for respectable party;
; *3 per week. C box 7, Call Office. ,
' RESPECTABLE LADY WISHES POSITION
-IV to take charge of bath at springs or city;
thoroughly understands massage treatment; a
'. good rubber: best of references. Address S., box
1 62, this office.
IRL WANTS PLACE TO ASSIST In
housework; wages $10 to 12. L. X., box 22,
; Call Office. , :
WANTED— WASHING OR HOUSECLEAN-
ing by the day; $1 per day and carfare. Ad-
dress 8., box 63. tnis office.
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION:
\J cooking or housework; country preferred. M.
" D., box 72, Call Office. " - - -■ ' ■;.-.;■■
: THIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS WORK
X? by the day; thoroughly understands all kinds
' of work. 368 Clementina st.
yOUNG WIDOW. WISHES POSITION AS
■ X housekeeper. Call at 1020 Market st., room
[• 20, second floor. ■
1 "I3EFINED YOUNG LADY, SPEAKING ENG-
X lish and German, wishes situation as night
' nurse to children in institution or family; expert-
' ence; refeieaces; 20 to $25. E. P.., 339 Hayes st.
G" IRL WANTS POSITION AS nurse OR
VT nurse governess. Address F., Young Women's
i Christian Association.. . v •, ; \t
, \\T OMAN : WITH A CHILD WANTS SITU-
. ii - ion: city or country; good cook and general
houseworker. ■ 549 Mission 5t. ... -
yOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES ANY
; X kind of work by the day. Address 29 Minna
1 St., between First and Second. 
: JL' 1 RENCH WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO WORK
' I. by the day, washing, ironingand housecleaning;
. Is a good nurse, too; good references. Call or ad-
i dress 1012 Nineteenth St., near Castro.
! \\T IDOW OF 30, GOOD CH A RACIER, WISHES
''position as working housekeeper, or any posi-
. tion where a capable, intelligent person is required;
! references. . Call 122 Turk st. : '
"LMRST-C LASS COOK FOR AN INSTITUTION:
; X city or country:' first-class references. ; Call or
address 325 Sutter st.
pHAMBERMAID WANTS a situation IN
\J the country. Address ' M. C, 2 02 Second st. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
SITUATIONS TT ANTED— Continued.
cfITUATION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPIsR
O wanted by Scotch woman; 6 years In last
place: first-class references. Address S. 11., box
118, Call Office.
T7XPERIENCED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
Xj to nurse sick lady or children. Please call
2115 Powell st. •
ELDERLY WOMAN WANTS HOUSEWORK
by the day, week or month: best of reference.
7 Van Ness aye.
IV OMAN WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-
» » keeper in country: small wages for good home.
Call or undress 117 Julian aye.. between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, Valencia and Mission.
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
>» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 60 per night;
$1 SO to $6 per week ; convenient and respectable;
tree bus to and from l he ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTEIf-JIIA--.
~c7GTcßoK^s~s7}cT^u^p_iiEinc^_arAL_
. branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant 46.
TT UNTER * CO., CHINESE AND JAPAIS-
rI esc employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. "31.
JAP A A D CHINE EMPLOYMENT
J office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
nUINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
' K.J office: best help. 414V a O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
TiriLirGUVE $10 TO ANY ONE FOR PRO-
" curing a situation at $12 per week. Address
W. T., box 147. Call Office.
pOMPETENT AND THOROUGHLY EX-
V,' perienced bookkeeper, with best references, de-
sires situation as bookkeeper or clerk. Address E.,
box 71, this office.
S' ITUATION WANTED BY SOBER, TE_>
• perate man to do plain cooking and general
housework for a few persons; reference If re-
quired. Address P., 1304 Post st. - .
DBUGGIBT, A NO. 1 RECOMMENDATIONS,
XJ wants situation; any part of coast; licentiate.
Address Drugs, box 109, Call.
OBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FIRST-
O class Eastern and San Francisco references
wishes situation as coachman and gardener. Ad-
dress C. P., box 137, Call.
IDDLE-AGED, WELL educated gen-
tlemen (German) desires clerical position or
one of trust: is good accountant and penman. • C,
box 135, Call.
yOUXG MAN, SPEAKS 4 LANGUAGES,
X wants position as night clerk or waiter in city
or country hotel: best city references. Address A.
S., box 149, Call Office.
MIDDLE- AGED, SOBER. HONEST MAN
wishes situation as butler In good private fam-
ily : good references. Ad. J. M.. box 23, thisolHce.
AT i ' UNO MAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X driver of delivery wagon: well acquainted with
city: good references; steady and reliable. Ad-
dress Driver, box 101. Call.
WANTED— NEWSPAPER WORK IN SAN
»» Francisco or interior towns as reporter, corre-
spondent, or editor. Address P. W. F., box 31,
Call office.
WANT FA)— POSITION AS SECRETARY TO
'» private individual or business manager: adver-
tiser has 'had both mercantile and newspaper ex-
perience and is a capable correspondent. Address
F., box 31. Call Office.
B\ X B — FOREMAN, GERMAN, FIRST
class on bread or cakes, wishes situation; city
or country. 171 Clara St.. near Fifth.
(EXPERIENCED BLACKSMITH, STEADY
XL and industrious young man, wants a situation
in city; is also a Mist-class driver. Apply 1318
Turk st.
W ANTED — BY A YOUNG MAN, SET OF
»» books to keep or extra work evenings. Ad-
dress B. F.. box 114. Call Office. ■ i
MAN— MAN WITH SOME EX- '.
J penence wishes to improve washing; small
wages- Address C. P., box 9, Call Office.
ELIABLE STEADY MIDDLE-AGED GER-
XX man wishes a situation as coachman or gar- '
dener; city or country: generally useful about
place; good references. Address 34 Hubbard st.,
room 17.
M~ ARRIED MAN. GERMAN, WITH MANY
years experience in brewery business, wants
situation; is first-class man; has no bad habits.
F. M., 2000 McAllister St., room 1.
ESPECTABLE GERMAN, HANDY WITH
■ tools, wants any kind of work in hotel or res-
taurant, wages $25 to $30 a month. Address I). :
IIOPPE, 519 Frederick st.
ITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O man to make himself useful round a place:
fully understands care of horses: good milker and
garden work; good reference. Address F. L., box
110, Call Office.
Situation wanted— a first-class j
tile, mantel and grate setter wants work. Ad- i
dress T. S., box 137, Call Office.
JAPANESE, MOST RELIABLE, WISHES
to work as waiter, bellboy, etc.; city or coun-
try. Address R., box 19, this office.
ATOUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION IN '
X hotel or private family; city or country; small
wages. Address W. 8., box 19, Call Office.
AN ELDERLY GERMAN: GOOD CARPEN-
ter and cabinet-maker and general repairer
wants position; city or country. Address W.
MILLER, 302 Fifth st.
OITUATION WANTED BY A GOOD CAR-
O penter as carpenter or anything else; steady
job preferred. Address D. P., 1050 Howard st.
VJO SALARY— MIDDLE-AGED MAN, WHO
1.1 is hard of hearing, wants position in a hot
spring, where he can have the use of spring and
board and lodging : is a good waiter and carpenter
andean do any other kind of work. Address G.
11., box 114, Call Office.
\\r ANT*E YOUNG STEADY GERMAN
" man wishes a situation; understands the care
of horses, carriages; can milk. Apply P. WIEBE,
care of olden West Hotel, Sun Francisco.
YOUNG GERMAN WANTS A GOOD POSI-
X tion of any kind: good worker. H. T. PEN-
NER, Golden West Hotel.
PHOTOGRAPHER, Al OPERATOR, WANTS
XT employment; has a complete outfit. Apply
763 Seventeenth St., Oakland.
S~ ITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT
bookkeeper, collector, stock clerk or driver of
delivery wagon; long, general experience in this
city: good references. Address G. H., box 149, j
Call Office.
17URST-CLASS MAN WANTS SITUATION;
' teaming or any other work; thoroughly under-
stands handling and care of horses. G. 8., box 96.
Call Office. . •
WANTED— PLACE FOR MAN AND WIFE;
'» experienced creamery man; first-class butter
and cheese maker; to run a creamery or make
butter and cheese In cheese factory; wife a good
cook. Call or address J. R., 621 Commercial st.
yOUSG GERMAN WOULD LIKE TO GET
X employment about a place; Is a good gardener;
can take care of horses, etc. Address, G. G., box
74. Call Office.
AN HANDY WITH PAINTERS' AND CAR-
penters' tools, repairing of furniture, and also
can do general housework. B. W., 1000 Webster.
pOACHMAN — YOUNG EASTERN MAN
\J wishes situation in gentleman's place: thor-
oughly understands . his business; years of New
York City references. Address Coachman, 12 Sac-
ramento St., s». F.
WHO KNOWS WHERE A STEADY. SOBER
" man can get something to do to keep his fam-
ily from starving? Am penniless and wages no ob-
ject. Address W. W., box 105, Call.
pOACHMAN, ENGLISH, THOROUGHLY UN-
\J derstands hie business: also garden and cows;
first-class Eastern and California references. Ad-
dress T. T.. 1727 Everett St., Alameda, Cal.
MAN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH:
man first-class farm band and handy with
tools: wife is a good cook. Address W. G., box
122, Call Office.
pOACHMAN AND GARDENER, YOUNG
\J man, wishes situation in gentleman's place;
thoroughly understands his business; has first-class
references. Please address C. G., box 48, Call.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— COOK A N^^E^OND~OIRL~FOR
country, $25 and $20; cook for a ranch, $25;
French cook, private family, 140: laundress and
waitress, $25: 20 good housework girls for city
and country, $30, »'25, $20 and $15. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st. ■ . . .
p ERMAN SECOND GIRL. $25: COOK. $35;
"JT nurse. $25: housework girl, Yolo County, $25;
Oakland, $25; San Luis, $25: and other towns,
$15: housework girls, city, $20 and $25; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 32 3
Sutter st. '
WAITRESSTCOUNTRY HOTEL, $18; WO-
»» man. Yolo County. $15. fare paid: 50 women
and girls, city and country. MURRAY A
READY. 634 Clay st.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL. $20; WAlT-
ress for help at Sanitarium, $18. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. '
PERATORS ON OVERALLS. LEV I
STRAUSS A CO., 32Va Fremont st.
GIRL TO ASSIST: SLEEP HOME; $8. 805
Guerrero St., near Twentieth; apply afternoon.
PROTESTANT WOMAN FOR GENERAL
XT houne work: $10; call Monday 8 to 12. 615
Seventeenth st.
■y OUNG GIRL .TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X work: 2 In family; 4*lo. • 1214 Fell st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE WOKK. SMALL
vJ" family; country, (.all 1432 Webster; Monday,
WANTED— A TAILORESS FOR FIRST-
»» class work. Addr ss 22 Geary st., room 21.
PUPILS FOR MILLINERY school: us-
X sons private or class; evening pupils special at-
tention; stylish trimming, 25c. 410 Leavenworth.
THIRST-CLASS CUSTOM SHIRT FINISHERS.
X" Washington Shirt Factory, 1322 Market st.
>? APPRENTICE AT . DRESSMAKING ;
call Monday. 1065 Market st.
G- IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; fam-
Uy 7 adults. 1832 Bush st.
p ERMAN, SWEDISH OR DANISH GIRL;
VT country position; second work; small family.
Call 1832 Bush st. - : - ?
W ANTK D-STRONG GERMAN GIRL; AGE
.-■.»» 16; for kitchen-work. 1305 Mission st.
bakery. . • :. ■ .
"uFa nted— a partner IN well-estab- i
»»lished dressmaking parlor. Apply room 16,
Murphy building, 1236 Market st.
YVressmakTng, cutting and fitting
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st. :i
ArOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH CHILDREN;
X good borne; wages $lb. 1937 Lexington uve. .
HELP WANTED— Contfnn'ert.
AN VASSERS WANTED. CALL 219^OW-
\J ell St.; 12 to 1 and 6toBP. M. .--: '.■•..••■■-. - , ■'
IRL FOS LIGHT HOUSEWORK; SMALL
family. Call mornings 2209 Butter st.
■\ T OUNG GIRL TAKE CARE OF BABY; NO
X other work; $5 a month. 1601% Golden
Gate aye. ■
WANTED — AN INTELLIGENT LADY TO
"» represent a large manufacturing house; one
with no incumbrance preferred. Address D. O. <fc
CO., box 127, Call Office.
"WANTED— LADY TO KEEP HOUSE FOR 2
"» gentlemen; country; wages $10. Address S.,
box 48, Call Office. - -:» .
rr.WO LADIES WANTED FOR DIRECTORY
X work;- must be experienced; $2 per day. Co-
operative Publishing Co., 12 Montgomery st. '
pERMAN GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work and cooking; wages $20. 933 Halght st.
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 615
McAllister st.
IRL TO WORK BY HAND ON SHOP COATS.
473 Tehama st.
ANTED- LITTLE CHILD TO CARE FOR:
'» good home. MRS. SATTLER, 712 Union st.
AN TED-PUPILS IN MIL L I E V
»' classes: day and evening; terms reasonable:
elegant goods to work with. 1104 Market St.,
room 32, second floor.
IMRST-OLASS SKIRTMAKERS; NONE BUT
first-class need apply. 604 Sutter st.
A PPRENTICES TO LEAKN DRESS CUT-
-TX ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND 35c; MORNING
and eve classes; 101esgons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
INCHESTER HOUSE, ,44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— lights in very room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week : fr-e bus to and from the ferry.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester Hou_«*. 44 Third «., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the forrv.
AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESR-
cutt'.ng school. 1231 Market gt..Det. Bth and 9th.
MALE HKLP WAM'ED.
e7rsi^N~C^N^6^T^JN r vV^RirFi(toirsTs^o"
\J\J $75 per month and found, Monday. March 30.
from 7:30 a. m., at MURRAY & READY'S, Lead-
lng Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
RAILROAD TEAMSTERS; 6 LABORERS
fora ranch; 5 farmer, orchard and vineyard
hands, $15 to $25; 5 woodchoppers, 75 cents a
cord; choreboy. $8: blacksmith for a ranch; 3
wire nail operators. $2 60 a day. MURRAY &
READ 634 and 636 Clay st. •
VEGETABLE GARDENER; CHARCOAL
V burner: farmer and wife: sign painter. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
4 COOKS, $26, $50 AND $75- 3 WAITERS,
tr $25 and $30; 2 dishwashers, $1d to $20; 2 iron-
era. MURRAY <fc READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. _^
SECOND COOK, $70; PASTRY COOK AND
baker, $60; head laundry man. $50 to $60; all
for country hotels; engineer, and machinist and
electrician for country institution, $60; 10 team-
sters. C.R. HANSEN _ CO.. 110 Geary st.
6 NEAT BELLBOYS; $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
W ANTED-BUTTER-MAKER FOR PRIVATE
»' dairy, must run separator, $30 and found:
ranch blacksmith. $35 to $40 and found, steady
Job by the year; also farmhands, milkers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers, W. D. EWER A CO.,
626 Clay st. -
"W ANTED-EXPERIKNCHD RETAIL SALES- \
»» man for upholstery and drapery goods. Ad-
dress I. L., box 110. Call Office. ■ ■ ; I
"V7-OUNG MAN DESIRING TO PLACE FROM
1 $1000 to $10,000 In new company for the pur-
pose of manufacturing a patent in Canada should
apply to Merchants, care of box 913, Montreal,
Canada: references required and given.
TNDUSTRIOUS LADY WANTS HONEST MAN
X as partner in smoked meat, butter, eggs, fish and
delicatessen business, with capital of $25: corner
store: cash trade: first-class location; clears $50
month and board to each. Ad. P.. box 103, Call.
EAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA. ALASKA,
Honolulu. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
TV" ANTED— A MAN ~TO SIT STILL AND DO
"» nothing all day: wages 50 cents per day. Ad-
dress Easy, bo* 81, Call Office.
T) ARBER-CHAIRS, SECOND hand, $10 to
$15: send for list; 10 per cent discount on all
bnrber-coats for a short time only. DECKELMAN
BROS., Barber-supply House, 106 Ellis st.
WANTED-A COMPETENT SALESMAN,
• 'familiar with city machinery and engineer
trade, handling goods on commission. In position
to add another line. Address, with leference, A.
A., box 155 Call Office.
ECONDCOOK;SSO. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st.
ANTED— MEN. EVERY COUNTY, ACT AS
»» private detectives: no experience. Universal
Detective Agency, Indianapolis, Ind. ,
OLICITOR' FOR THE CALEDONIAN DYE-
-0 Ing and Cleaning Work. 2230 Adeline a:.,
Oakland.
ANTED— BARBER OR TAILOR TO RENT
store with rooms. $18. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. ' * . ,« T . ■ .
XPERIENCED NIGHT WAITER: WAGES
$1 60 per night. 113 Seventh st. '
IRST^CLASS FURNISHING GOODS MEN
J apply between 9 and 11 a. m. Sunday. H.
SUMMERKIELD & CO., 924 Market St.
W ANTED— FIRST-CLASS MEN'S AND BOYS'
»» clothing salesman. Apply between 9 and 11
A. m. Sunday, H. SUMMERFIELD & CO., 924
Market st. '
ANTED— 2 FIRST-CLASS COUNTER AND
bar fixture makers. Call 1 o'clock 112 7th st.
d__lX 1 WORK FOR GRAY DEPART-
<JP'±t/. ment 8, Columbus, Ohio, selling Koyal
Plater, plating knives, forks, spoons, etc.; quickly
plated by dipping in melted metal: fine finish:
plate guaranteed t> to 10 years: made $45 last
week, this week $59; easy Job, good pay. Write
for a place; everybody has goods to plate.
ANTED— M*,N AND WOMEN TO; "WORK
at home; 1 pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patentea method: anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home In
spare time day cr evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,'
German artist, Tyrone, Pa.
ANTED - A MAN TO WORK ABOUT
place; take care of horse, cow and chickens;
must be temperate; wages small; a good home.
Call between 3 and 4 to-day, 13 Scott st.
RING YOUR WATCH OR CLOCK TO DEUSS,
expert watchmaker. 126 Kearny st., room 14:
best work at half of store charges. ■
Pl_l C MISSION-WANTED, MEN TO TAKE
O^O sunny furnished rooms: $1 a week.
WANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
ery st., clerks and laborers to call if they do
1 not receive their just dues: no charge nnless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
A LASKA gold FIELDS. . •■
-TV The fast sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889, will sail from San Francisco
for Cooks Inlet direct on April 16. weather permit-
ting, taking a limited number of passengers. For
further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
Shipbroker and Agent, 506 Battery st.
A DVERTISING SOLICITORS WANTED FOR
directory; first-class well-known men only.
Co-operative Publishing Co., 12 Montgomery st.
LERK FOX GROCERY: WELL AC-
\J qualnted in city and business. Address, with
references only, O. E. 0., box 932, Call Office.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS— FUR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
retarr Barbers' Asso., 325 Gram are. a FUCHB.
T> ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238% O'Farreil.
A SSISTANT MALE TEACHER IN~AN~IN~
-i- stitutlon, who will also be required to assist in
care of boys during day and evening. Address P.
R. 8., box 138, this office, with ■ references and
amount of compensation expected, with board and
lodginglncluded. ;--. ■»".. *
fTRY OUR 10c MEALS AND GET A SHAVE
X free. New Idea Restaurant, 639 Kearny st.
BEST -M EaL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
XJ courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
]V"E\V WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
XV 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c
to 60c ; week $1 to $'_ 50 clean, quiet reading-room ;
strictest attention 10 morning calls; open all night.
T) ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY
Xt Prompt collections; references. 612 Montg'y.
'ANTED— 6'OOTrIEN. BEEHIVE, BEST 10c
meal in town, 642 Sacramento st. :
EDDLERS WANTED TO SELL WOOD; AP-
X ply at once. 647 and 649 Brannan st. ■
BEST PLACE in CITY FOR, SECOND-HAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. ; 129 Sixth st. ,
ANTED- TO COLLECT WAGES DUE
'» laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
llOSntterst. ...'.: : .-. •
WE ARE SHOE ; DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" » your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
"I ) DA LE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
Xt 20c to 50c night; SI to $4 week; open all night.
]M EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■ITI all grocers keep It. .• .
HAT CHKER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best in the city, slngie rooms
20 and 25c 1. night, $1 a week: meals 10c
IV" ANTED— MEN AND LADIES TO LEARN
barber trade: only 8 weeks required; ■ tools
given and wages paid for Saturdays and Sundays;
catalogues, a. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard st.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. ■ SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission. . ■
LCHO HOUSE, , 863% MARKET ' ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c night; $1 to $3 week.
MEN'S %-SOLING 60c; LADIES' 40c; DONE
■LVX while you wait. 638 Market, op p. Palace HoteL
ffljl TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY. ROOMS;
tjpX large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
W ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Bolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third sU; 150
)«rge roomi: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. .
INCHESTER HOWE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus to and from the ferry. - 5 '
.1 IIAMEnt TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
XV \J and 20c a night, including | co9ee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
25 cents per night; $1, $1 25, $1 60 per wee*.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
W ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'' steam beer, 6c; bottle wine. 6c. 609 Clay st.
I^REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
also a bottl eof lager. sc, at 637 Clay st.
rpRY ACME HOUSE, 9&7 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
"WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
TT week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay at. • - .
AGENTS WANTED. ~~
"WANTED — GENERAL AGENTS AND
''salesmen; household necessities to the trade;
side-line and commission, or otherwise: no com-
petition; large profits; exclusive territory. Cres-
cent Chemical Company, 1451 Montana. Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED— NOTHING CAN EQUAL
A our latest slotmachines as money-makers; let
us explain to you : do not delay. The LeoCanda
Company, Cincinnati, Ohio.
AG WE HAVE THE ONLY MONEY-
making novelties for hard times; write or call;
our agents are all making money. Aluminum
Novelty Company, 110 Sutter st. .
ANTED— MAN OF ABILITY AND EX-
»» perience as organizer (teacher preferred) for
the business department of an educational enter-
prise; good references required. ' Call at 522
Central Bank building, Oakland, bet. the hours of
9 and la a. m.
"V-0 NECESSITY TO BEG OR STARVE-$3
-1-" to $5 a day easily made selling what every one
uses; 100 percent profit; sample sent free for 10
cents. L. F. COURTNEY, 514 Thirteenth St.,
Oakland. ;.-•:■
GENTS FOR GOOD SELLER; SMALL CAP-
Itai; city and country. 117 Valencia st.
TVfEN OR -WOMEN, CITY OR COUNTRY,
■LX call or send 12 cents for sample and terms. P.
C. Mfg. Co., 826 Twenty-first St.. Oakland.
FTJRN ITURE WANTED
ANTED — SECOND-HAND FURNITURE
for country; will ; pay good price. 7 City Hall
aye.
PALI, ON J. C. MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
V.' you want highest cash price for your furniture
or merchandise of any kind.
M ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to nil country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
PA SH PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
V COR SCIIWKUDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4tli A sth.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— TO BORROW $1000; GOOD
»" curity; principal decreased $100. monthly,
with yearly interest on principal 10 per cent. Ad-
dress Y. P.. box 15, Call Office.
WANTED— $100; BIG INTEREST; GOOD
security. Address 1., box 38. Call Office.
* HOUSES WANTED. ~
WA~NTEI)^ATB6TT~MATTT4n^
'» crn house situated between Octavla and Scott,
Broadway and Jackson sis. Address M., box 23,
Call Office.
WANTED— TO RENT A COTTAGE OF 4 OR 5
rooms; state rent; 3 in family. Address C,
box 108, Call Office. •
~ ROOMS WANTED.
ANTED -Tfor^YOUNO COUPLE^ BY
April 1, 2 furnished housekeeping rooms in
South Park. Address A, box 5, Call Office.
O OR 3 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
-< rooms; central- Address, 620 Bush; F. AX-
PERSON. .
BOARDING WANTED.
A r OUNG LADY STUDYING^WANTS^OARD
Kin refined family; reasonable. 8., box 8, Call.
Wanted- miscellaneous.
\\r ANTE D— ARpTiNTEIT^O R CAbT-
» » net-maker's outfit. Call to-day 328 Clemen-
tina st.
T AW BOOKS, OLD, NEW; BOUGHT, SOLD.
XJ REUBEN'S, 622 Montgmy st. Tel. Black 471.
pOOD SECOND-HAND SAFE; WEIGHT
IX about 5000. pounds; cheap for cash. Apply
205 Crocker building.
ANTED— GOOD HANDCART. ADDRESS
H. C, box 128, Call Office.
ANTED— IO,OOO TO 20,000 GALLON WA-
IT ter-tank: second hand. .JACOB iiEYMAN,
room 6, Crocker building.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth st. send postal.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
T^RA'R^ropPORTUJsUTY'TO^^" *
A. CONSULT THE GREAT CLAIRVOYANT,
PROF. F. EUGENE,
FOR 60c AND $1. FOR 50c AND $1.
People of San Francisco, as well as other cities,
marvel at his power. ' Lawyers, speculators, bus!-'
ness men of all grades, and ladies from every walk,
in life, together sound his praise for the benefit
they have received. All are pleased. Professor
Eugene gives advice on business, speculation, in-
vestments, love, courtship, marriage and divorce:
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and
causes a speedy and hanpy marriage with the on,e
of your choice. He locates mines and buried
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies, re-
moves evil influences, gives advice pertaining to
lawsuits, locates and recovers old estates. The
troubled and unfortunate should seek his counsel.
Thousands of families long separated have been re-
united by his efforts. All persons unsuccessful in
business, who seem to be unlucky, should visit
him, seek his aid and start aright. Thousands
have become wealthy through bis advice. Young
men starting in business will find it greatly to
their advantage to consult him on all matters of
financial interest to themselves. Hours, 10 a. if.
to 8 P. m. Letters with stamp answered. PRO-
FESSOR EUGENE. 17.8 Market st.
riONSULT-MMK. STKWERT'S
WEIRD AND WONDERFUL
WE IK!) AND WONDERFUL
CLAIRVOYANT POWERS.
There are many pretenders but onlyone Seventh
Daughter of the Seventh Daughter, who, having
been born with a double veil, possesses the occult
powers of generations.
MME. STEWERT has read the cards since 11
years of age and studied palmistry as a science.
Thousands of successful men and women attest
her superiority as a reveaier of the past, present
1 and future. ■ . .
Her tests are unsurpassed for accuracy in the
annals of clalrvoyancy, and many unfortunates
who, having sought her aid and advice in bad
business investments, unproductive speculations,
lovers' quarrels, unhappy marriages and misdi-
rected efforts of all descriptions, ail these have at
last, through her sage wisdom, set aright upon the
! roads to both prosperity and happiness.
. Skeptics, call and be convinced 01 the marvelous
powers possessed by MME. STEWERT alone.
Consult her for a mere pittance— ladles and gents,
50 cents. Parlors 2 and 3, 917 Market st.
"VTEVER IN THE WORLD'S HISTORY
-1 HAS SUCH PHENOMENAL SUCCESS
BEEN MADE BY SPIRIT MEDIUMS
As that made by Prof. Zanzic, the famous
White Mahatma, for the leading citizens of our
State consult him and proclaim him to be that
which he is, the foremost occult scientist in our
midst. Your very thoughts are known, as a visit
to his parlors will prove. 315 Kills st.; sittings 50c
ME. SANTOS-MOST RELIABLE CARD-
reader known: all her predictions come true.
116V a fulton St., San Francisco.
?:Ac AND $1. AND 60c AND $1.
<J\J PROFESSOR LEON, 533 POST ST.,
Has astonished multitudes by his wonderful pow-
ers, warns you of coming dangers, averts troubles,
guides you aright in all affairs of life: marriage,
love, law. speculation, etc.: business confidential;
letters with stamps answered: hours 9 to 8.
ME. PORTER, CARD- READKR; TEIiLS
past,- present, future; ladies 60c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
MM E. RAVENNA RE A YOUR LIFE
fluently, tips on races, names given; 25c up.
Removed from 828 Howard st., to 5 Fourth. • .
ME. HOB A 1 BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present and future up. 764 Howard st.
pONSULT THE SUCCESSFUL PALMIST
\J clairvoyant, AUNT MARY, and succeed.
1031 Market st. 60c and $1.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
M~~ME. SYBILLE — LIFE-READER; PAST.
present, future; charms; fee 60c. 914 O'Farreil
\f B..BAUMAN. THK RENOWNED ME-
i.»X dium^and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. STEWART THE GREATEST CARD
reader and clairvoyant In the world; seventh •
daughter; has read cards since 11 years of age: and
mining, lawsuits and marriage: ladies or gents
50c. 917 Market st., parlors 3 and 4.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names : given; good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 9.9 Post St.. nr. Larkln.
' ~~ .'- spiritualism.- ;•*:
A ________________ ;----—-.- - -^
60 cts. and $1. 50 cts. and $1.
REMOVED TO 1020 MARKET ST.
REMOVED TO 1020 MARKET ST.
: PROF. VAN DE VERK
A splendid opportunity to consult this famous
medium for a mere pittance. - -
If you would know wha the future holds for
you call without delay. -.Advice on all matters.
PROF. VAN DE VERE,
1020 Market st.
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS, MEDIUM, ,
1206 Market st., Parlors 26 to 29.
R Satisfaction ami success guaranteed in all mat-
ters: consult this wonderful medium and be suc-
cessful. Send lock of hair and $1 and you will learn
something of your life and disease you never knew
before; all business strictly confidential.
RS. PHILANDER; JUST ARRIVED;
clairvoyant medium; readings: 10 a. m. to 9
p. it. 123 Tur_ st.".-.'.,
p YPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days Included); 25c. 946 Mission; hours 10 to 9.
MR& J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant
trnnce medium ■ sitting* $1.- 218 Stockton st.
"~" r ~ PHYSICIANS.
15e1iX^E^^Dr!"c^C. : O'DONN ELL TO - 1206
J V Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. - -
R. E. F. WEST, 107 LEAVENWORTH ST.,
nr. Golden Gate aye.: office and residence. s^i*
T\R.A.dkLUCIS,PHYSICN-SURGEON.ROYAL
JL/ University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg ,661 Mark*
PEBSOSAM.
_y*WILL MEnTbeTsL A V ES TO TOBACCO
and liquor when it can be cured without the
use of drugs or anything taken into the system?
This is not a "may be" or "perhaps," but a sure
cure that has been tried by hundreds and succeed-
ed; cure of tobacco guaranteed : no cure no pay.
MRS. SARAH SEAL, 24 Sixth at., room 8.
PARTY HAVING $25,000 to INVEST IN
legitimate enterprise in san Francisco can re-
alize profit of $50,000 to $100.'00 within two
years; thorough investigation solicited. Address
H. P., box 77, Call. -
p ENTLEJIAN OF MATURE YEARS, WITH
VTa good home and reference, wishes to corre-
spond with a lady who has at least $2000 cash.
Address a. B. S_P_C. box 1258, Fresno, Cat. ■
tTP-tO^DATE~T;OIl ■■FUKKS.'a WOMAN'S DE-
) light, 1 give for 25c, including waving and en-
ameling: switches for 75c and $1; polite treat-
ment and the best service In the city. G. LEDER-
KR, 111 Stockton st. -
T7» PICURE COFFEE PARLOR; CHICKEN
X_ dinner Sundays, 25c: 6 to 8 p.m. 731 J/j
O'Farrell St., T. E. BARBER.
DTTH— MEET ME ,AT SAHLEIN'S, 133
■I Kearny st., to-morrow. They have the pret-
tiest Easter bonnets and hats in town.'
GEORGE 1 _
RS. COOPER'S EAR MEDICINE CURES
deafness and earache. Sold at 953 Market st.
Is YOUR HAIR THIN, OR HAVE YOU SPOTS
X that will not grow? If so consult (free) EDITH
E. McLEAN, physician for the hair, room 45, 6
Eddy st. : terms moderate; ladies' rooms.
BE LEVY, FORMERLY OF THE OAK
Shaving Parlor, 209 Powell St., can be found
at 104 Powell, upstairs. . ,
Vf EDICAL BATTERIES.
Ml MEDICAL BATTERIES.
N. W. MALLERY. 111 and 112 Crocker building.
DANCING FOR ballroom OR stage
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
■T> AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
X\i also chenllle-woverugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth St., Oakland, Cal.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-atrlaw, 850 Market st
/CALIFORNIA SAVING AND LOAN SOCIETY
\J boons bought for cash. X., box 75, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, PROPRIETOR OF
fair going business, wishes companion; object
matrimony. Address J. W. W.. box 104, Call.
SPECIAL EASIER OPENING— MISS ALICE
11 A A is displaying an elegant assortment
of trimmed hats at greatly 1 reduced prices. 121
Post st., room 46, over O'Connor, Moffat A Co.
ERBAL BLOOD PURIFIER: CURE FOR
asthma, rheumatism, etc. At 1207 Market
st., room 2.
HE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT.
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
ANNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND DI-
—X vorce; legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F.
XAMELED LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY
XJ at 210 Steiner st.; others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing Company. •
<}Ij 1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED on the
«Ip 1 floor. 206 Leaven worth st. .
T)IG OUTDOOR STEBEOPTK ioSr"sHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
1 (inn CARDS, $1 50; SHOW CARDS, 15c;
L\J\J\) tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary St., r. 39.
T ADIES 1 HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
XJ superfluous hair removea; bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. KUBBARD, 923 Market St.
l/OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
J STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Partington.R.L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
/CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
Vj for paper-hangipg and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanglng Compuny, 635 McAllister st.
OURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
X-> Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy. B\V. cor. Grant aye. and SuttersC
ELK CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200
room*, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to 90 per
week; free bns to and from the ferry.
lBEi'.Al, ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
LOAKM, CAPES AN 1/ SUITS RETAILED AT
\J infra' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' ANiTIADTe*"
clothing bought. COIiMAN. 41 Third st.
ltiil-.<--.l \M l>.
ERFECT^FITriNG AN^ STYLISH SUITS
made at short notice. MRS. MARY LYNN,
room 85, 22 and 24 Geary st.
TYLISH SUITS $3 50 UP: FIRST-CLASS
O fit; French tailor system taught. 839 Geary st.
TYLISH SUITS, SS UP; LAWNSFROMSI 50:
first-class work. 710 Geary st.
LOST.
ffll A REWARD— LOST, AX IRISH SETTER
J-" dog; wart on left eye. 1800 Dupont st.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE UIBERNIA
J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco,
in the name of MARI ANDERSON; No. 130,026.
The finder will please return to bank. _
QTRAYED OR STOLEN— ROAN HORSE AND
O blue wagon No. 16,610. Reward if delivered to
327 Ivy aye.
I BABY PIN: BLUE STONE IN CEN-
-J ter. Return to 30 Natoma st. ; reward.
OST — BRINDLK \VHITE GREYHOUND.
Return to 129 O'Farrell. receive liberal reward.
7 OST— THURSDAY'. AN ENGLISH PUG DOG.
XJ Finder please return to SE. cor. Scott and
Green sts. and receive reward.
OST~OR STOLEN— 6 GEESE. RETURN TO
J A. CASWELL, Eighteenth aye., South San
Francisco; reward.
OST-BLUE GREYHOUND. LIBERAL RE-
J ward on return to 868 Howard st.
FOUND.
I^OTSD^TWoTvEE X tTXGO^ON^TiII RfTsrT,
X; a purse. Apply 26 Hunt st. . . -. w
I^OCND— A COW AT BAY VIEW RANCH.
X: near Five-mile House, San Bruno road. Owner
can have her by proving property, pay expenses.
IpOUND— BLACK DANISH PUP. 81 NINTH
■T street.
EDUCATIONAL.
TN^T^tUCTIONS AVAN TEIPIN^"aRITHME^
X tic; business methods; reasonable. C. J., box 2.
Call Office.
FRENCH, GEKMAN, SPANISH-S. EVT
classes; $2 month. School, Flood building.
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
Sutler; teacher vocal music, piano, elocu-
tion; dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal and
Shakespearean' classes; stage dancing; minuet,
gavotte, etc.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
J Ninth st.
PaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
OICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
\v it i:s. 111 LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
J\. lege; individual Instruction; 4 months' course;
day and evening 325 Montgomery st.
If REN C H ,S P A N ISH.ETcT; Prof.Du FILIPPE'S
X Academy of Languages, 320 Post st.: estab.lB7l
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitsr, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
lITAR. MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
ANJO, PIANO AND GUITAR, 60c PER LES-
son: music furnished. 125 Tenth st. ..
ELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF "a"cT ING—
Private theatricals arranged : pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, civil, mining, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay: estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723Mkt.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, .■ business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer; ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
VJ 10HTfeCH00L;llEALir».Bl'S. ;LLEIiE;24
i.' Post: commercial, shorthand, English : low rare*
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; KEA-
sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 104 5 V Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. OUNNING-
\J ham's School. cor. Hearv and Powell sts.
COIMKI REAL —STATii..
ANTED— TO 'BUY A GOOD. 'wELL-lM-
proved farm in one of the bay counties; value
not to exceed $7500. Address HARRY M. MORSE
906 Broadway, Oakland. '
ARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILE 3
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts rut any size desired; frnit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 uer acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular. ■■ : •
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY 64
and 65 Chronicle building. ■>:*-'•>*,
' 5 -ACRE TRACTS NEAR SAN MATEO: GOOD
U soil, view and drainage; easy terms; $300 per
acre. JAMES MASON, Notary Public, 425 Cali-
fornia st. • •'>.;■■: , •
$1 4 000 Wtl^, BUY' A SPLENDID BUSI-*
<IP-L ir.U\/\» nes« block, which brings $1500 in-
come per year nnd is under a lease for six years.
W. G. HAWLEY * CO,
17 South First St., San Jose, Cal.
LAMEDA COUNTY LAND FOR KALE ON
A your own terms at $35 per acre; HA hours
from San i rancisco. BOHLLN A PROPER «>7
Chronicle building. ' '"I'
If ARM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
x sizes, iniprovea and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda . ounty. Inquire of & SALZ,
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN- IM-
■LJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improve?
with small ■ house, etc. : D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
SKSD FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
lor sale. WOOSTEa & WHITTON. SanJosa.
' ■ - ~\'= :;r ;-j" . f.?v:
■v .;■■: - - T -
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— Contlnnt^.
O'FARRELL A CO.,
DAVID BUSH, COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
& A PER ACRE— 44O ACRES, 8 MILES NE.
tip*! of San Miguel, in Monterey County, near the
line: all fenced and cross-fenced; house and
2 barns: 100 acres cultivated, balance rolling;
land, covered with oak timber; water from
springs: troughs for cattle.
FOR RKXT— FINE STOCK RANCH OF 440
acres, 3V2 miles north of Niles, Alameda
County; well watered and well sheltered;
with house and pood barn: rent $150 per an-
. num cash in advance; this ranch has splen-
did feed.
FOR RENT— NICELY. FURNISHED HOUSE
of 10 rooms, with fine stable; lot 150x250, on
Walnut street, Santa Cruz, overlooking the
beach and the. town; electric-car passes the
door: rent $500 per annum.
FOR BENT— NICELY' FURNISHED HOUSE
of 10 rooms, with 7 acres of land, all out in
orchard; with tine barn and outbuildings;
2',« miles from San Mateo, at Laurel Creek
station; rent $450 per annum.
FOR EXCHANGE — FOR SAN FRANCISCO
improved or unimproved property— lB6 aores
about iy 2 miles from Concord, Contra Costa
County, in Ygnacia Valley: all level land: 35
acres in full-bearing orchard of the choicest
varieties: 15 acres In Zinfandel wine grapes
In full bearing: balance in grain; fine im-
provements; all the stock and tools go with
the place: this is one of the choicest farms in
Contra Costa County; value $25,000: no ln-
cumbrance unon it.
<Bi_n PER ACRE -THE MAGNIFICENT
«IP til/ property known as the "Belle Vista ranch,"
formerly owned by Colonel Creed Haymond;
about 16V2 miles from Redwood City and 4 y»
miles from San Grcgorio, consisting of 866
acres of land with fine improvements; fin«
fishing and hunting; would make an ideal
place for a country club or a gentleman'r
country estate; this place has cost over twice
what is asked for it; call at office for particu-
lars and terms.
<BH (\f\i\ FOR -20 ACRES OF LAND NEAR
V'V/U Glen Ellen, Sonoma County, with
house, barn, orchard and vineyard, ■ stock:
and tools.
ffijQAAn WILL EXCHANGE FOR SAN
«JpOUUv/. Francisco property and pay cash
drfference, 16 acres 4 miles from Santa Rosa
on county road to Sonoma, In Rincon Valley;
all level land: family orchard; balance In
grain; hard-finished house 01 5 rooms and
basement, barn and chicken-houses: all nice-
ly improved; plenty of water; now used for a
. poultry place.
C'ftfUWl FOR 42 ACRES; 10 minutes' walk
«JpOUUv/ from depot at Colfax, Placer County;
15 acres in full-bearing orchard: 61/, acres in
tokay and muscat grapes; balance ."an all be
cultivated; fine 8-room. hard-finished house;
water piped to house ana grounds: the prod-
ucts of this place find ready market for ship-
ment East at remunerative prices.
<S*Cdf\f\ 'ILL BUY 17.67 ACRES, ll/ 3
Ui/Ulf miles from naywards; lOacres in full-
bearing apricots, prunes, pears, grapes and
currants; house of 5 rooms, barn, granary,
chicken-houses, horse, cow, 200 chickens;
all the farming Implements; line water; Una
is a bargain.
dftl7r/w 5 ACRES RICH LEVEL LOAM
«Jpx I O\J . soil on county road 2 miles east of
Napa; 5 minutes' walk from schoothouse;
150 assorted fruit trees: 3000 resistant vines;
3-4 of an acre in potatoes and early vege-
tables; 3 acres in hay; eood 4-room house,
closet and pantry; with barn, sheds, etc.;
never-failing stream of water with pump and
well; all fenced and cross-fenced: every-
thing In first-class condition; ail stock and
tools go with the place.
©9finfl - B ACRES. 2J/ miles from
«Jp_UUU. Martinez, on county road; 5 acres
in muscat and tokay table grapes: family
orchard of about 75 trees: about 12 acres
rich loam bottom land, balance hilly pasture,
well wooded; good house and barn; this is a
cheap place; part cash.
fflj nr A A 480 ACRES, 2 MILES FROM CLAY-
«]pUc)V/v/. ton, Contra Costa County, on county
road: 125 acres level land; small family or-
chard, balance rolling pasture land well
wooded; water from springs and wells; all
fenced and cross-fenced; hard-finished house
of 8 rooms, barn, granary, blacksmith-shop,
chicken houses, etc.; $4000 can remain on
mortgage. '
SI (\ tf\A FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE
<£"> IO.«JUv/. for san Francisco property: about
800 acres 30 miles from san Francisco; 275 acres in
oats, balance mostly fine pasture; well fenced;
house, barns, etc. ; stock, living springs, troughs,
etc.;-this is a bargain.
<2»f> PER ACRE— 32O ACRES FINE LAND 4Vi
tJpU miles from railroad; part in crops; Monterey
County; would trade.
SO PER ACRE, HALF CASH— A PICKUP:
<D— 160 acres first rate alluvial soil; close to rail-
road town. :-:V. : -;
H. E. POEHLMAN, v Real Estate Agent, 415
Montgomery st.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRAN-
X; Cisco, Oakland or Alameda property, a very
productive ranch of 2570 acres, 6 miles east of
Merced; thin is something good; investigate.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK A CO..
638 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS PO-R WATSON
XJ. lands.
$1000—10 acres, well Improved.
51 650 — 28 acres, 10 In orchard: improved.
$1000— 56 acres: nice little home: well Improved.
$6600—90 acres, 18 in fruit: good Improvements.
$350 cash, balance of $1250. 5 years at 6V3 per
cent — 10 acres; fine little ranch near Apios.
Also several fine little homes in the thriving
town of Watsonville for sale on easy terms. Send
lor catalogue to R. P. QUINN,
Room 63. Chronicle building, S. F.
A— THE BEAUTIFUL FAIRVIEW VILLA,
Santa Rosa, In subdivisions of 3 acres to 20
acres, with or without fruit, at your own price and
terms.
1 £9* ACRES. ONLY $10 PER ACRE: GOOD
JLU—jj land; 2y 2 miles -from station; 4 miles
out: a pretty place for summer home; fishing,
hunting or poultry.
HUGH SHIELS, 602 Market, Crocker building.
QALE OR EXCHANGE— I4- ACRE MOUNTAIN
C? fruit ranch; under good cultivation; n.°w 7-
room house, fruitho.use, barn and outbuildings;
line spring soft water; comparatively level; dis-
tance from railroad and postoffice, 2 miles. J. C.
DORSE V, Los Gatos, Cal. • •
Ir»INE HOME OF 8 ACRES AT SAN LEAN-
dro; 4 acres bearing orchard; price $6250: one-
half cash.
Elegant stock ranch: 640 acres; hours from
city; Alameda County: railroad station on place;
income last year $3000: goo. l improvements;
price $25 per acre; one-half cash; will sell all or
part. I. C. SCHARFF, 18 Post st.
OR SAL IN LOS GATOS- WELL BUILT
-T cottage, 3 rooms, with acre of ground; all kinds
fruit and flowers: mountain waterpipe to the house;
Price $1500. Inquire owner. 2532 Washington
St.. San Francisco.
ARE CHANCE FOR WORKER— '2BO ACRES
XV good land in mining belt in Tuolumne County
at bargain; cash only. Address Cash, box 110,
Call Office.
©1 tiflf) 400 ACRES IMPROVED STOCK
tipJ.UV/Vf. ranch: 150 tons hay this year; cheap
bargain. CHAS. COLTON, 9J6 Market st.
<!J»"IwAA 160-ACRE VALLEY ranch IN
<$XO\J\J. Fall River Valley; all plowable,
fenced, bouse, barn and granary. CHAS. COL-
TON. 906 Market st. .
A A-AcFe MODEL HOME, NR. NAPA: 83200;
TV free catalogue. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
]?OR SALE— ACRES, PARTLY* FENCED;
X 1 good water. Apply 614 Second st.
0" RANGE LANDS. I: ——_———_
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY."
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAK DALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-aere orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time ■ a cood investment: it will cost
you unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five annual
payments; no interest: the trees Planted 011 this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns.
We have an experienced horticulturist in cbar?a
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st., San Francts«>,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, OaKdale,
Cal.
HOUSE, 14 ROOMS. 1 ACRE,STAHLK~A~N r D
coachhouse; 3 minutes from station st Bel.
Mont : a great bargain: owner leaving soon- Ap-
ply or address DR. OSBORNE, Gordon House,
Belmont. •
ANCH FOR SALE— 2OO ACRES: IiTMILES
from Placerville, El Dorado County: .'0 acres
in cultivation: good assortment fruit trees; 22 va-
rieties table grapes, which are shipped all over the
United States and Mexico, enjoying flu« reputa-
tion; no irrigation required; house of 6 rooms and
cellars; furniture; kitchen utensils; i» r » barns
and complete outfit farming implements; terms
reasonable. Address Ranch, box 88, i'lacerville,
Cal. ' . . :...-, ■
©7?; AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
<IP I O land: easy terms.
CJOX per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
Pleasanton. Alameda Co. ; terms to suit; also
a few Improved cozy country homes near by; 6 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms; will ex-
change. ; LEE & KISER, 306 MontgQ mer y St.
TOCK RANCH, 3040 ACRES LEVEL SAN
O Joaquin Valley land: fenced a: '• cross-fenced;
1000 acres under cultivation: absolutely no waste _
land; 3 flowing artesian wells: 3UO feet to water;
good ranch buildings: farming tools ana stock go
with the ranch: price *10 per acre: unincumbered.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda, Cal.
©QA/JA EQUITY' IN al/MEDA CITY TO
«3)OUUU. exchange for same value good grain
or fruit land: Alameda County preferred; tine cor-
ner, 75x75, with 9-room don l'ie-tenement cottage.
Principals address "Home Builder," room 8, floor
8, Mills building. S. F. _______________
T~O LET, SlOO PER YEAR. 4-ACRE CHICKEN
X ranch. . new 1-story * 4-rootn house. 4 cnicken
houses: barn, well of water; close to town. G. C.
YOUNG. Petaluma. ' "■ ■• -"-i:*:-■- '■
NAP— CHEAPEST STOCK RANCH on the'
coast: 2000 acres; fenced: house: lots of water;
extra range; quarter plow land; feed all the time;
Improvements cost $.000: sold to pay debts: price
$3 50 per acre. WARNER* CO., 465 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
I JUNE • QUARTZ, GRAVEL. MINING AND
: timber property in Nevada Co. Call or write H.
_ W., 719 Polk st., city; call Mon., Wed., Sat.CITY PFAI, ESTATE.
/"i h. rjitinsEN *co
REAL ESTATE AGENT*, RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
Office and salesroom, 14 Montgomery, nr. Market.
Call and obtain one of onr Real Estate Records,
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city.
AUCTION TO-MORROW. SEE OUR AD IN
ANOTHER COLUMN.
IMPROVED PROPERTIES AT PRIVATE
SALE.
BARGAINS.
FLATS MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE ESTATE.
A 1 A-412 PAGE ST., X. SIDE, NEAR BU-
11U chanan, running through to Lily aye.; 2
frontages: flats and cottage: part of lot vacant;
will be" sold to the highest bidder at private sale on
or before April 6.
' COTTAGE HOME AT A BARGAIN.
cm 07^. $3°° cash; BALANCE SAME as
<&Xt7l D. rent: handsome new bay-window
modern cottage: choice locality in the Mission;
garden front and rear; extra large lot, 25x128:9.
CLINTON-ST. INVESTMENT,
m. 7 9/1 A RENT J66 50; SUBSTANTIAL IM-
> i — Uv'. provements in several tenements:
60x75; street accepted. : .
BEAUTIFUL HOME IN RICHMOND.
-..»-,.,, COZY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
O«J UUU. of 8 rooms and bath: brick founda-
tion, etc.: s:oce walks: all modern Improvements
ru>l conveniences : will be sold on easy terms,
same as rent; small cash payment; 25x95; near
1 ..2;s o: sireetcars.
7TH-ST. INVESTMENT,
$2500 2 COTTAOES AND LOT : RENT
5 NEW FLATS ON MINNA ST.
Qcnnn MINNA st., NR. EIGHTH; 3
&\jyi\J\J. substantial bay-window flats, of 5,6
and 4 rooms; rent .$54; brick foundation; 24xS0.
MISSION COTTAGE; VERY CHEAP.
Q9AAA DIAMOND ST.. .NEAR 24TH-ST.
'- —\J\J\J. electric-road ; cozy cottage of 5 rooms,
etc; large lot, 34x100.
CORNER RESIDENCE ON LOMBARD ST.
QwAAA 2-STORY AND BASEMENT
OuWu, house of 10 rooms and bath; bay-
windows: brick foundation, etc.; stone walks;
both streets accepted; tine marine views.
COTTAGE ON LILY AYE.
•SI 7^\A B ROOMS, ETC.. AND LOT; NICE
%P-«- i O\J. location in Western Addition.
HOME; CHEAP; ON 18TH ST.
«Ji»O/>AA SUBSTANTIAL 2-STORY BAY-
*-UUU . window house of 6 rooms and bath;
laundry, etc.: brick foundations; stable; good
place for an expressman.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT ON HOWARD ST.
QIQ AAA 4 FLATS AND TORY HOUSE;
J. t/.l'UUi bay-windows: brick foundations;
stone walks; large lo;; must be sold; offer wanted.
GOOD PLACE FOR AN EXPRESSMAN.
siQAAA A cozy home near valen-
OOUUU. cia. Mission and 17th sts.: cottage of
6 rooms; in first-class condition; nice garden;
large lot, 26x100 to an alley.
STORE AND FLATS ON BUCHANAN ST.
QIAAAA RENT $76 PER MONTH;
O LU.UUU. store, with living-rooms, and 3
flats of 5, 5 and t> rooms; lot 50x8 7:6.
O'FARRELL DOWNTOWN.
<£1 11 AAA CHEAP; IMPROVEMENTS
O-LU.UUU. renting for $70 per month; and
lot 25x137:6. J
BARGAINS OX LILY A VENUE— FLATS;
Sk^AAA 3 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLATS OF
tEUUUU. 6 rooms and bath each: brick founda-
tion, etc.. stone walks; rent $49 per month; mort-
gage of S3OOO at e 1 ? per cent., can remain if de-
sired; this is a pick-up.
4 FLATS ON NATOMA STREET. '
Q^l^nfi SENT $44 PER MONTH; SUB-
x&'±O\J\). siactial building; 25x75.
GOOD INVESTMENT ON FILLMORE STREET.
QQfMHI 4 NEARLY NEW SUBSTANTIAL
iJUUI'. bay-window flats, brict foundation,
etc.; rent $840 per annum; 48x81:3.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTIES.
$2400— Business corner on Buchanan St.; 31:3 x
100.
$1600— Fine views: Lloyd St.; 30x80.
$1500 each— Henry st.; 3 each 26x115.
$1500 each— Ashbury Heights; 2 each 25x80;
half cash, balance on time to suit.
$-'300— Scot t-st. residence lot: 25x116:3.
$550— A giveaway: 28th St.: 50:11x114.
$3600— Diamond ?t.; 49:4x125.
G. H. UMB»EN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
"irili .£. .FiSHER & Co..
»» REAL ESTATE AGENTS
AND GENERAL AUCTIONEERS,
14' POST ST.
HOUSES RENTED;
BENTS COLLECTED:
PROPERTY CARED FOR:
INSURANCE PLACED.
RICHMOND. RICHMOND. RICHMOND.
WE HAVE THE LARGEST AND CHOICEST
LIST OF LOTS IN RICHMOND.
From $300 to $1000.
Q7=A 25x120, ON 7TH AYE., NR. POINT
t£ • OU. Lobos.
CO ;; AA BTH AYE., CLOSE TO D ST.;
O-LiJUU. 25x120; part cash, balance to suit
buyer.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
". tr A, 4 BLOCKS FROM THE PARK;
*^~iO\j . ready to build on; easy terms.
WESTERN ADDITION.
<59Q'A A sNAP; LOT ON MCALLISTER
t*s_-O«JU. St.. near Pierce; 25 feet front; must
be sold.
•iI'JAAA LOTS 27:6x99: BAKER ST., NR.
iZ"Q\j\J\r. Page; grand view.
CJ \')^\f\ CHOICE CORNER LOT VICINITY
•_ T:-.tJU. Washington and Baker; cost $5500;
must be sold at once.
Zl'JlA. AAA SvV - COR DEVISADERO AND
.\J\J\J . Grove s:s.; a 50-varalou
MISSION.
s£I_LAA BEAUTIFUL LOTS 25x114; N.
l"iv'\J. side Liberty, nr. Dolores; grand view;
street work done.
©1 7AA L OT ON 21ST ST., NR. FOLSOM;
tj>± i\J\J. 25x110. _
IMPROVED.
Q. Q7f.fi LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS; 40
COlvv. xll7:6; South Park, near 2d St.; 2
nouses, 8 rooms each: remarkably cheap.
(2;PO|iA ELEGANT RESIDENCE ON*
tj. UOUU. choicest part of Cal.fornla St.; 27 :6 x
137:6; & rooms an: bath; a bargain.
r,'j 1 AAI I LARGE MAGNIFICENT COR-
i.Ot.UU", ncr residence: vicinity of Van
Ness aye. and California St.: 68:9x137:6 with an
L: would be cheap at $40,000.
C.7-. AA A v AHA CORNER ON GOLD-
«Jp 1 O.UUU. en Gate aye.; new improvements.
Houses and lots for sale in ail parts of the city.
Call for list.
WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post St.
GL. BRE = * CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
HOUSE AND INSURANCE BROKERS,
412 Pine st.
Cfil aA MCALLISTER ST.; MODERN
flats: 6and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; nearly
new: lot 25x137:6; rents §5J 50.
S79'A NORTH SIDE HAVES, NEAR
1™ »_-«JU. Buchanan: 25x120 to rear street;
: 2 frontages; large modern 2-story house of 10
rooms and bath: also dance ha!!; street work all
done; easy terms.
QXn-(\ DEVISADERO, NEAR HAIGHT;
= *S!Uj2O\J. 25:9x103: modern square bay-win-
' dow residence; 9 rooms, bath and basement; j
grand view: easy terms; look at this. ::.:-;
WE HAVE SOME BEAUTIFUL LOTS ON
-»T Masonic aye.: any size you want: 2 front- ,
axes: near Waller St.; terms easy; grand Park !
view; street work done.
THE BOOM TRACT\
$1400— Now being, built; a 4-room hay-win-
dow cottage; bath, pantry, basement; brick
fonndat:on; modern improvements; 60u feet from
Mission St.; 22 minutes from City Hall; $300
rash, baiance monthly payments; same as rent;
10126x100: street graded.
Lots 6450 and up: *10 per month: no interest.
Houses bu.lt on Installments: $500 and up;
plans famished. Office opposite St. Mary's Col-
f«<J-e. Mission st. Open every day. > ~: ;
REAL ESTATE FOR. SALE B\
C. H. REYNOLDS & CO.,
333 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT' CASH BARGAINS.
Sutro Heights, Point Lobos, Cilit House and
41st aye. ;• choice lots on trie-car line.
Point Lobos, cliff Honsp, 42d ana 43d ayes.; line
gore lot: 240 feet frontage on each aYenue. .
5000— D st. : business corner: near boulevard.
Is-. sth, S'.ri, 12th and 32d aye. lots, near butro's
clec:ric-car line; HEAVY KOK IMPROVING.
Eernal Heights: Gift Map lots, near Cortland
eve.- school «nd can; on MTftjrM St.
Niez»'i-st. l.uii'Ung lots; Bernal Heights, near
< 'jr:la:id aye.: cheap; mady for Improving.
ftIB.OOO— Hayes-st. Hats near Latjuna, under j
• good rent; two frontages. : I
C? l I^.A SANCHEZ &T., NEAR 18TH; MUST
■* ''OU. sell; part cash will buy this.
»ni/|A LOT 45x100: KW. COR. OF9TII
O—J-UU. and 1; this Is the cheapest property
i south of the park as the grading and «;reet work Is
done. J. W. WRIGHT & CO., G2B Market st,
HE B FOR- -SALK AT 718 GUERRKRO ST.-
An 8-rooni house with all modern appliances.
lor terms apply 71- Guerrero st.
JIOR sAi :.V. AT A >ACRII'ICK— LOT 20x80:
i 1 front an<l roar housM: rents $25 c. month: or j
v.ould trade for small coumry home close to this
S '-iiy; this is' a ■■■■; Investment: no agents. Call
■-__ '■■ address 444 Jirannan 8-., .^an Francisco.
■"6 9 rv f\, 1i 1 B sAIK : A NEW COTTAGE OF
•> —OUUi 5 rooms and bath: all improvements.
'"■ Noe 5  bet, 25th and Clipper; owner 011 prem- |
l«v  ' ". '• i
Call to-day and see a 7-uoom cor- {
<i-e. jus: finished: decorated throughout; sold j
on-*a»y puyinents and cheap; also oil* of 6 rooms
and bam, '" J. AN.UEKSON. builder, 424 Jersey st.
,•) iF; 5 ANr> 6" ROOM COTTAOJCA. JAB. B.
U BROOJCSi rooms 58 and 59. 214 Pine st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON * BURKE, REAL ESTATE
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
VAN NESS AVENUE, CLOSE TO MARKET
street: an elegant business corner; paying a
large Income.
SW. COR. VAN NESS AYE. AND O'FARBELL
St.; 1 'JO on Van Ness aye. by 178 In depth; 3
frontages. MADISON A BURKE.
TURK ST., NEAR JONES: FLATS AND
i- house, renting for $90 per month ; offered very
low; in perfect condition.
"DARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
X « rooms and bath: all modern conveniences;
25x137:6; only $7250. MADISON & BURKE.
/CHOICE SUNNY RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS,
V,' bath, attic and basement: all improvements,
heater, etc; Steiner, bet. California and Sacra-
mento: lot 26x106:3. MADISON & BURKE.
(J/^'nft WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVISA-
t!>Oc)U". dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON <fc BURKE.
C^fiAA. BAKER, NEAR SUTTER: 2
tJiQUUU. flats; rents $38; lot 25x72:6.
&£AAA PAGE, NEAR BRODERICK; REBI-
QUUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath : lot 25x
87:6. MADISON <£ BURKE.
© * FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
OOUUu. Ridley: rents $44: lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
©I QAA HILL, NEAR CHURCH; NICE
«3)±OUU. home: 25x114; cottage, 4 rooms.
<21 REDUCED; RENTS $24 PER
«Jlt)uw. month-. Le Roy place, near Sacra-
mento and Leave nworth sts.; lot 22:6x80.
<2il QAA ZOE PLACE, NEAR FOLSOM AND
J-Ov/l.'. .Fremont; flats; must be sold; 22x50.
i2Q;rr| 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENTS $12;
». O«JU. Potrero, near Union Iron Works; lot
25x65.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$15.000— Capp and 19th; corner: 125x122:6.
$6000— Washington st., near Central aye. ; 65z
127:8.
$5500— Washington, corner Lyon; 31 :3xl00.
$4500— 24 th, NX. cor. Vicksburg; 50x114.
$4000— 65x117 :6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$3500— Steiner, near Pine: 25x103.
$3500 -Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
$2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$'_050— Ridley, near Scott: 25x117:6.
$180!)— Noe. near 18th- 25x110.
$2100— Mission st. .opposite Cortland ay.; 26x84.
$K J so— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6: part cash.
$1300— 19 th, near Sanchez: 25x114.
.«. 000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
Sanchez, cor. Valley: 26:6x100; $1250.
500- Minot, near California aye. ; 25x70.
MADISON <s burke. 626 Market st.
pENTER & SPADER, "
\J REAL ESTATE AGENTS, RENT COL-
LECTORS,
SO MONTGOMERY ST.
Q2 £X A A HANDSOME FLATS OF 6 AND 7 I
«_ uJUU. rooms and bath.; modern improve-
ments; always rented; choice location in Western
Addition.
C»£AAA MAKE OFFER; SUTTER ST., NR. I
&\J\JVyJ. Scott; flats; well rented; lot 27:6x62. I
D'AAA. MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN
<3O\J\J\J> estate; Post st., nr. Devisadero; cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath and basement; street work
all done; lot 27:6x137:6.
YEW 2-STORY. BAY-WINDOW RESIDENCE
-»•' of 8 rooms and bath: $3000 mortgage can re- i
main; southwest cor. Shotwell and Twenty-second [
sts.; paved with bituminous rock: large lot, 30x I
96:6.
9 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLATS ON FOLSOM
— . St.. near 20th ; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
$45; lot 25x122 :6. Call for particulars.
A FLATS ON CLEMENTINA ST., NEAR 6TH:
~i 3 and 5 rooms each; renting for $42 per month:
this property pays 1 per cent per month on price I
asked; lot 25x75.
CHEAP LOT ON 17TH ST.. NEAR SANCHEZ: j
\J 30x100; street paved and accepted; make offer.
IB 9 1A A LOT ON 22D ST., NR. HARRISON ; '
C — ttUU. 50x104; cheap.
£9AA A NW. CORNER ON 23D ST., NEAR
C — UU. Sanchez; 27x90; this is a snap.
pHEAP LOT ON POINT LOBOS AYE., NR.
\J 30th; 60x125; an offer wanted.
©I 9' EACH: % CASH, BALANCE ON ]
(Jl- O time, will buy a choice building lot on j
Utah St., nr. 19th: we have only 5 of these lots left;
get one before they are all gone; 25x100 each.
QO' A EACH: I/3 CASH, BAL. ON TIME;
tjs._«tJU only a few of these on Nebraska and ■
19ihsts.; selling fast; 25x100 each.
©97-n FINE BUSINESS CORNER, 18TH '
«_;_- I «->"• and Treat aye.; 39x150; easy terms. !
1 ADA WILL BUY 57x197; COR. 18TH
{p-±\J\l\f and Trent avp.: easy terms.
CENTER & SPADER, 30 Montgomery St.
AM. SPECK & CO., "
. . 602 MARKET STREET.
$1650— New cottage and lot 25x90; near Market st, I
$2000— Lot 25x120 ft. on Halght st.
$3000— store and 2 flats: rents $30: oaly a few
blocks from the City Hall: must sell.
$2000— Elegant modern 6-room cottage; select
location: $200 down.
$4900— Keducea from $5750; 3 fine flats; rents ;
$47: 3 car lines.
$5000—2 new modern flats near Larkin st.; rents |
$50; 2 fronts: mortgage $4000.
$5000— Elegant residence on Pine
$6000— Elegant residence, with stable and grounds;
suitable for doctor.
$5000—3 flats; Bush St.. near Mason; rents $56.
$70C0-Store and flats; lot 28x100 feet; near new j
City Hall; rents $68.
$70u0— Nice residence and large lot on Washing-
ton St.. near Devisadero.
$8000— st. : stores and flats; rents $76; lot
37:6x137:6 feet; $3000 cash down.
$8000— Fine residence; near Sutter and Hyde.
$12,000— Store and 6 flats on McAllister st. ; nearly
new: rents $116.
$13,000— Splendid business property: Haves St.;
rents $123: lot 27:6x137:6 feet,
$13,000— Magnificent building; all fiats; within 2
blocksof City Hall: rents $100: 2 frontage*.
$15.500— Elegant mansion of 20 rooms on Eddy
St.: worth $25,000.
$25,000— Business property on 3d st., near Market;
pays about 8 per cent.
$110,000— Business property on Market st.; lot 60 '
xl6sfu; 2 frontages; Inside.
$225,000— Business corner: lot 90x60 ft.; rents
?2000 month: near Call Office.
A. M. SPECK & CQ., 602 Market st.
FOR SALK BY
-C- THOMAS JAMES STANTON & CO.,
• Real Estate Agents,
331 Montgomery street
$30.000— 6 houses, near Market St., will soon be
business property: $50,000 was offered 2 years
ago when it was not for sale
$11,000— 3-story window house and large lot
with '1 flats on the rear street; sunny side of Page st.
$5250— Corner store building now used as grocery
has rooms in the rear and a flat of 6 rooms and
bath ups airs: this Is a good business corner.
$4500— Corner of 3 large lots ana nouse of 9 rooms
and bath; this Is a snap ana must be sold.
$5000— A new house of 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms
and bath; has all the latest improvements; on
Ridiev st.
$5500—2 houses of 2 flats each on Taylor st.;
pays over 1 per cent and always rented: this is a
snap; come and see it.
$41.00— Broderick st. : 2 substantial bay-window '
flats of 6 rooms each; brick foundations; 36x128
irregular. . --:.•■
UNIMPROVED. "> >
$1000 each— number of nice level lots near '
Market and Castro sts.: graded and sewered.
$1000— Corner in the Mission ; 50x80 ; street grad-
i ed and sewered.
$1050— Lot on York St., near 28d; 25x100;
1 street work done; a good location.
$1750— Lots on Broderick st. : 25x150: a snap.
$4 50— level lots on Fairmou nt Tract, close to
I two streetcar lines: very cheap.
5-700— Only for 4 large lots near J St., south of
Park; only 5175 each; worth $350 each; very
cheap: a good location.
Also a number of goo.l gold mines.
STANTOX & CO., 331 Montgomery St.. rm. 17.
<BT7AAA GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR BU-
•_ I UUU. chanan; cottage 27:6x130 to Locust
j aye.
$6000— Broadway, near Gough; 6 rooms and ,
! bath; 24:6x133.
$6.00— f-ulton, near Octavia: 3 flats and store; ,
. flrst-clasj Income proposition: 25x87:6,
$4000— Alabama, near V2d: first floor for light
: manufacturing; second floor flat of 9 rooms and
i bath: stable; 26x100.
—Sacramento, near Devisadero; cottage of
6 rooms an'! bath; 23x132:6.
$ll»00-Alabama, near 22a: 26x100.
$250 and upward: easy terms; good locations.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
— — — 1
milE RENT YOU PAY j
j WILL BUY; A HOME
ON THE HEYMAN TRACT.
Think of It: new modern 5-room house, nullt to
suit you, tin* level lot, $300 down, $25 monthly:
4 room *-U0 down and «20 monthly; bath, base-
ment, neat fence and walks included; fifteen such
homes built in the la*t six months.
Gooutandsee t h «?se homes, and «<■<> what you
might have instead of paying rent continually and
Reuiog nothing for it; take Castro -si. car to
23; i st., or .Mission-st. car, transferring to 22<1 st. ;
Our resident agent, James E. Cotter, will show ;
you around.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner,
Room 5, Crocker bulldlnsr, Po<t and Market sts. |
SKS THOSE «180 LOTS TO-DAY IN FRUIT- !
vale Terminal Tract; $5 per month.
TrKRY CHEAP LOT ON 12TH AYE., NEAR
V Point Lobos.
C;9Q£_f_ STEINER ST.. NEAR WALLER;
O»J' *. very line lot: street accepted by the !
city. McKWE.N BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
£. 1 t.'Z.f\ A BARGAIN IN A HOME: FOUR
LU'JU. rooms and bath: 9 foot basement:
I lot 50 feet frontage; 1 block from Mission St.; $200
down, balance $15 monthly; can be occupied at '
once. JACOB HEYMAN, room 5, Crocker build- i
ing, Post and Market fits. J
OR SALE— A HOUSE, AND LOT, WITH 5
T hard-finished rooms. 1 hour's ride from city; 8
minutes' walk from depot; 5 minutes' walk to 3
schools; 107 feet deep. 50 feet front. Fo particu-
lars inquire at 530 Eddy St., downstairs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
CITT RE AX^ ESTATE. _______
SHAXSWALD, BUCKBEE * CO., USAXt ES-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
ffl> 4 A AAA sutter ST. INVESTMENT;
tJJ) it v/.UUU. north side, downtown; substan-
tial Improvements; rented to one tenant for
»3000 per annum, net; mortgage, $12,000 at
6Vi per cent, can remain if desired.
<Bi£l £fl FELI^ST. BOULEVARD. OPPO-
«DUJ-«Jv/. site Golden Gate Park; modern house
of 8 rooms and bath: only $2150 cash; bal-
ance, $4000. can remain on bank mortgage at
6V* per cent; street bitumen, sidewalk stone;
lot 25x137:6.
©11 AAA SUTTER ST., NOT FAR FROM
<2>±-L.I»UU. Taylor; substantial 2-story and
basement house; used as doctor's oflice; rents
$65; a bargain. ______
©1Q AAA NORTHEAST CORNER ' REST-
«JpJ.O.UUU. dence on Devisadero St.; in Pacific
Heights region; over 50 ft. front; contains
salon parlors in white and gold ; dining-room
In oak; breakfast-room: large kitchen: square
hall; decorated and frescoed: stained-glass
windows: contains 6 bedroom!! and baths:
every room sunny; billiard and furnace room
in basement.
fIgQ^AA WORTH; $5000: GOOD SUBSTAN-
«IpOU\Jv. tial bay-window cottage of 6 large
rooms and oath; tank closet in bathroom;
double parlors; closet in every room; cement
sidewalk; note the size of lot, 31:6x100 ft.;
Bush st,, near Broderick:. '
CU79AA MODERN BAY-WINDOW HOUSE;
tj> I_UU. on easy terms; $500 or $1000 cash;
balance monthly or seml-annually, to suit
purchaser; Fulton St.. north side, near Fill-
more: contains 9 rooms, bath and basement;
lot 27:6x137:6.
©QAAA PRICE REDUCED FROM $3375;
(JOUUU. fine marine-view lot on Green st.,
Close to Scott; 27x127:6.
©QAAA JACKSON ST., NORTH SIDE, NR.
«Jt/UuU. Steiner: substantial modern bay-
window residence of 9 rooms, bath and base-
ment; furnace; bitumen street; stone side-
walk; lot 25x117:8 1 .i; the best resident sec-
tion in San Francisco.
CUT^fift SCOTT. ST., NR. PACIFIC; PRICE
<JJ> I OUU. reduced; lot 40x112.
CiQ J^nn SEYMOUR AYE., BET. SCOTT
(JOt/Ulf, and Devisadero and Turk and Golden
(■ate aye.; substantial 2-story bouse of 6
rooms and bath; street bitumen; sidewalk
stone; lot 25x90: terms $1000 cash, balance
in monthly payments of $20 if desired.
©9AAA Lk roy PLACE, BET. bacra-
mento and Clay and Jones and
L,eavenworth: 2 flats of 4 rooms each; rents
$20; lot 22:6x60.
J>QXAA CHATTANOOGA, NEAR 22D; 2-
<SO»JUU. story house of 6 rooms and bath; lot
26x125.
Cj;'"n/\ PRICE REDUCED: WEBSTER
, tJpUuUU. St., near Washington; very good 2-
story house of 6 rooms and bath; street ac-
cepted; mortgage $3000 at 6% per cent can
remain; lot 25x97:6 feet.
i <S»79P;A SACRAMENTO. NORTH SIDE,
: £> i *£.i)\J. near steiner; modern 2-story house
of 8 rooms and bath; in splendid order; lot
25x128 feet; a bargain.
©r»-| RtTS3 ST., NEAR HOWARD:
«JpUXc/U. very good Improvements; all rented;
rents $57; lot 25x100 feet.
QQAfIA DIAMOND ST., NEAR TWENTY-
. %pOU''U. fourth; cottage at a bargain; con-
tains 6 rooms, bath and basement; bay-win-
dow; lot 25x80 feet; terms if desired.
©JOr-A JESSIE ST., NEAR 14TH; NEW
i ±_-»JU. flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents
$37 50; look at these.
CJ/^'AA CORNER STORE AND FLAT ON
t4)U«JUU. Twenty-first st.: substantial improve-
ments; rents $50; lot 25x93 feet.
■ CIAAA cottage ON Washington
i «j}"iU\JU. St., near Devisadero; 5 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; lot 25x125 feet.
d j AAA PAYS BUS PER CENT; 3 NEW
O-L ** ■"""■ flats on Pine St., near Webster; 7,
■ 7 and 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x100 feet.
Qft9^\A FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROP-
iSO~*iJ\J. city, store and 2 flats; rents $65;
mortgage $5000 can remain.
QO'AA HAVES ST.. NEAR SCOTT;
t£)_UUl'. street work all done; 25x137:6 feet.
$2100— Oak St., near Ashbury; a bargain; 25x
100: opposite Golden Gate Park.
$2750— Ridley st., near Jessie; price reduced;
25x96.
$2100— Nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath; La-
cuna st. ; lot 25x87 :6.
$4000— Clay st, near Larkin; 3 flats; rents $43;
oner wanted.
; $1250— Stevenson st., near 14tn, 25x65 feet; or
three lots at same rate.
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application. '^ i h ?■
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
I 218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS. . ; ;»;
©91 Art DEVISADERO ST., NR. GOLDEN
: — IUU. Gate Park; 25x116; ready to baild
I on and street work done.
' <2£7^fi DEVISADERO-ST. INVESTMENT
; (JUluu. in the business portion; lot 27:6x100;
' cottage of 7 rooms, renting for $660.
<tIQ AAA DEVISAPERO-ST. RES I-
| 1 0.\J\J\J. dence; W corner, south of Jack-
; son: nearly half 50 vara: with dwelling-rooms, etc. ;
line yard; elegant view; a splendid property.
qj»9XAA DOWNTOWN CORNER.
©QAA EACH: 5 LOTS; RICHMOND. LAKE
«2>OUl/ st.; street graded and uewered ; desirable
site.
QO'AA CHEAP DOWNTOWN CORNER:
«3— t)Uu, Sacramento St., near Stockton; 30
feet front.
ANTED— RESIDENCE LOT IN WEST-
' " em Addition or farther out In exchange
i for Oakland business property, worth .«7500,
free of mortgage; but a very short distance
from the City Hall; some mortgage would be as-
sumed.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
'. 108 Moatgomery st.
MONTGOMERY AYE.. BET. GREEN AND
Union— Large lot: 40 feet front; fine business
, location ; full particulars at office.
$5000— Natoma st., near 6th; lot 25x80; 2 flats
In front, and house of 4 rooms in rear; rents $45 ;
very good buy : Income sure.
$3750— Golden Gate aye, near First-aye. boule-
, yard: large lot. 50x137:6. with cottage of 6 rooms
and bath and unfinished basement; must be sold;
make offer.
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON, 410 Pine st.
JOHNP*ORR, MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$29,000— A snap; the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th sts.; a block of 2-story bay-window
houses: 3 stores and 3 flats of 6 ana 6 rooms and
bath each: also 2 5-room cottages on 17th St.; lot
65x100; rent $2280 per annum.
*14,000— Howard St., near 4th: 3-story house; '
2 stores and 10 rooms upstairs : lot 30x80: rent $77. '
$37,000— Splendid paying property on one of the
: business streets leading to the Park: paying $300
per month, and will greatly improve in value.
Reduced to $1 1.500 from $14,000— Valencia St.,
S. of ICth; 2-story bay-window house, store and flat
7 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 30x88 feet; always
', rented: make offer.
$3000— 7 th St., near Brannan; lot 25x75, with
improvements; renting at $3U.
• DWELLINGS.
Fine 2-story bay-window house; McAllister st.,
inside of Octavla; 9 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation; lot 25x137:6.
$2000—5 rooms and bath; bouse, corner 26th St..
near Valencia; rent $60. '
$6800— Rent $85: lot 46:6x62:6: Jackson st.,
near Mason, with 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented.
$3100— A fine cottage, 6 rooms and bath, on 19th
et., near Castro; on installments without Interest.
UNIMPROVED.
$1250—25x80: 24th st., near Dolores.
$2500— Cor. Larkin fend Greenwich sts.: large
lot. 62x87:6. •
5 00— Dolores St., near 22d; 26x125.
$800— St., near 30th: lot 36:6x75.
$3500— Fine corner lot 70x1 10, cor. 1 st. and 10th
aye., ut side entrance to park.
$550— 16 th aye., bet. C and Dsts.; 25x120.
Corner Flllmore and Uermania sts. ; 24x81:3.
$3500— Lot 75x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eure*a
ets. : make offer. *
ONLY $2600; $23 MONTHLY; A RTISTIC-
aIIy and well-built 5-room cottage; spacious
, hall; bat rack: elegant mantel: interior decorated'
throughout: 2 bay-windows; marine view; porce-
lain bathtub: tank: closet: gas fixtures; ailed
sink; stone sidewalk: finished basement 0 feet
high; lot 25x125; see It to-day and be convinced:
Homestead St., bet. 24th and 25th: V 2 block above
Douglas: 85 feet from 24th st.; electric cars: also
modern 7-room cottage in course of erection on
Castro St., near 23d: will contain all the latest Im-
provements. For price and terms apply to S. A
BORN, owner and builder, 1243 24th st. : .
BARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS ON $10
monthly installments.
j T OTB 25x114, LEVEL AND READY TO
; -LJ build on, on 22d, 23d and Douglass sts., half
; block to 24th-st. electric road: streets graded arid
I sewered; floe view; excellent neighborhood.
LOTS NEAR CORTLAND AYE. AND MlS-
slon-sL car line; $330 each.
C«OAA BUILDING LOTS. i block from Mis-
, <JP«JvV/. sion-st. electric road; a bargain.
ffl{ir;n FIXE BUILDING LOTS, LEVEL
W-LOKJ. and on grade, and close to San Mateo
electric road. ■■-:■:■-: ,-■■■■.
Call at office for full list of building and Invest-
j ment property. : .
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner.
Room 5, Crocker building. Post and Market sts.
©9nnrt cash; .balance CAN remain
f£)-^\J\J\J on flat mortgage at 6«/<_ percent: beau-
tiful residence; 9 rooms and bath. - Apply JAMES
B. BROOKS, 214 Pine St., rooms 58 and 69.
; _ CITY AT. : ESTATE. '-.
ALDWIN JTSaMMON D. ■■• '■'.'■". ~
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
10 Montgomery st. ,
Send for » complete printed list of property for
sale In all parts of the city.
©1/1 (\f\f\ RENT $1440 PER ANNUM:
Itt.l/UV/. McAllister st., between Pierce
and Scott: 4 modern flats; 6 and 7 rooms each.
f'lO nnn A BIG BARGAIN; DEVIBA-
Jl^.UUv. dero st., between Page and
alght : fine 2-story residence of 10 rooms and
bath; stable in rear; lot 52x137:6.
lO^ft GREAT BARGAIN; RENT $660
iSirt^iO\J. per year: 2 stores and 10- room flat;
Union st., near Octavia; large lot.
Q. 9 V (\f\(\ WASHINGTON -ST. CORNER,
*3>ZiO.\J\JvJ. E. of Webster: handsome mol-
ern residence of 15 rooms; all latest improvements
ana conveniences; an ideal home in a select neigh-
borhood.
<S>Qdf\f\ REDOCED FROM $4650; NE. COR.
tJpOOUU. 26th and Florida; lot 50x100; one-
story building, containing store and 6 rooms.
©7CAH BRODERICK ST., • NR. TURK;
«Jp I *)\J\J . double two-story house of 7 rooms
and bath each; lot 32x100; rent $60.
Oil £nft MAKE AN OFFER; PAGE ST.,
.O\J\J, nr. Lacuna; two-story and base-
ment residence of 10 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 27 :6 x
120 to Mlyave.; 2 flats on Lily aye. Of 4 and 5
rooms each; total rent $81.
<n»QI f\f\(\ FILLMOKE-ST. CORNER IN-
.\J\J\J. vestment: stores and flats; al-
ways rented for $250 per month; large lot.
©91 CA NICE COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS: OCTA-
ig)£j.*J\J. via st., near Union; lot 31x72.
<H!7£nfi HAVES, BET. LYON AND LOTT;
«JJ) I U\J\J. 3 bay-window flats, 6, 7 and grooms;
large lot; rented very low for $63.
©19 Ann MAKE AN OFFER: CLAY ST.,
LO.\J\J\J . near Van Ness aye. ; 2-story resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x128; splendid
location for flats.
UNIMPROVED.
©1 fin PER FRONT FOOT: VERY CHEAP;
fjli'u Fulton st., nr. Steiner; half a block from
Alamo Square; 62:6x137:6; will subdivide; street
bituminized.
C2£An VERY CHEAP; N. SIDE POINT
<JPOUV/. LoboBave., bet. 27th and 28th; 25x100.
©WHO MUST BE SOLD; N. SIDE OK
tjpl t\J\J. 21st st., bet. Folsom and Harrison;
25x110. •.>•■-•"-!-'■
G»C7^fl SUNNY SIDE OF BROADWAY;
<£)\J I O\J. grand view; nr. Gough; 27x137:6.
©1 Z(\(\ LYON ST., BET. FILBERT AND
fJIJUU. Greenwich; 27:6x113: facing the
Presidio.
Q» QOX 27TH AYE., NR. BUTRO ELECTRIC
O «->•-«-'• road, on Clement; 2 lots; each 25x137;
$25 cash, $10 per month.
C«QXnn MUST BE SOLD; PAGE ST., NEAR
t£)OO\J\J. Devisadero; 37:6x82:6.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery at.
___ . _
ARE
you looking
for a desirable
building lot at a
moderate price? If
so, take the Guerrero-street
Electric road (Mission or Valencia
transfer at 14th), ride to Chenery and
Castro sts.. and see those beautiful LOTS
in the CASTRO-ST. ADDITION. PRICES
$350 to $400: TERMS $5 MONTHLY; interest
only 6 per cent: perfect title; 135 lots have
been sold in 5 months; 6 cottages are -,>r
now in course of construction: all
streets are traded, sfwered and
macadamized; water pipes laid;
all ready for home builders: go
at once; cheapest lots in the
city; agent on the ground
daily, Sundays
included.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
pALL FOil A DIAGRAM
\J of those lots on Twenty-fifth ave^
Point Loto? aye. and Clement st;
Prices $375 and upward.
Terms $10 monthly.
Only a very few left.
Going fast. Sutro cars
pass the property.
BALDWIN &' HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
pHEAP LOTS ON FOURTH AND FIFTH
\J ayes., California and Lake sts.: street work
done; $50 cash, $10 monthly: $1000 upward;
convenient to 3 car lines; perfect title: good
neighborhood.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
IT'S TOO HAD
EVERYBODY CAN'T HAVE A LOT.
Only a limited number in the block, you know,
and they are polng fast. There is no other block
in Richmond where the prices are so low. Think
of It! Lots on Eleventh and Twelfth ayes.. Cali-
fornia -and Lake sts.: level as a floor. Streets
graded, sewered and macadamized.
$600 to $725. , ■,•';.'*-
s6o CASH, $10 MONTHLY. - .
INTEREST ONLY 6 PF«R CENT. •.:,"■
Californla-st. cars pass the property. Sutro cars
and public school within a block. Co to-day and
see the lots. Call on us to-morrow. Bring $50
and start the best kind of a bank account.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
A. U. LISSAK. O. F. YON RHKIN.
OF. YON RHEIN & CO.. REAL ESTATE
• a cents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street.
Corner Clay.and Stockton; 69:8x68:9; Chinese
stores; rents $142 50.
Stockton, nr. Clay; 55:10x08:9: Chinese stores;
rents $45. " .
$12,000— Page, near Gough, to Rose aye.: 27:6 x
120: 2 flats in front and 2 in rear; rents $76.
$14.000— Howard, bet. Ist and 2d; 41:8x85; 2
houses: rents $45.
$5000— Leavenworth and Lombard: 40x97:6;
new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath ; cash
$1000: balance at purchaser's convenience.
$10,500— Francisco.near Stockton: 45:10x137:6;
4 nouses and 2 rear houses; 24 rooms: rents $82. ■
$11.000— Page, near Octavia; 27x120 to Lily
I av<\; 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths; rents
$60.
$10,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6 fine resi-
dence, 12 rooms and bath.
$SoOO— Kissling, near 11th and Howard; 47x80;
4 flats.
$80 JO— O'Farrell, near Jones; 22:68:9; 2-story
house: 7 rooms and bath: rent $35: offer wanted.
$8000— Howard, near 23d: 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence. Brooms and bath.
$8000— Folsom, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house: 20 rooms; rents $65.
$7000— O'Farrell, near Hyde; 23x90; 2-story
bouse. 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot
22x68:9: 2 flats: 10 rooms; rents 30.
$7000— Jessie, near 4tn; 26x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
$7200— Laguna, near California; 30x110; cot-
tage, 7 rooms and bath.
$7000— Oak. near Lacuna: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 50.
$6500— Mason, near Post: 18x55; 2-story house:
7 rooms and bath : rents $31 60.
$esoo— Mission, near 24th ; 21 :6x117 :6 to an
alley : store and flat above.
*55OO— Powell, near Fella place; 22x65; 2-story
house; 18 rooms. ' '
$5-00— Vali<>jo, near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6:
] wo tront and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
( rents $46. .
I $5000— Broderick »nd Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
. bouse; 6 rooms and bath.
$5000— Francisco st. and Worden place, near
] Stockton; 25x68:6: 2-story house: butcher-shop
. ana 2 rooms, ana upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
i rents 539.
$4'.'00-G uerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6; cottage. 6
! rooms and bath. . .
$3500— Bartlett, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
I house, 7 rooms and bath.
$3800— Vallejo, near Kearny: 20x60 through to
Hinckley alley; 2 flats on Vallejo st., 3 flats on
Hirickloy alley; total rent $44.
$3350— Vallejo and San Antonio, near Kearny;
19:0x57:6: 3-story flats: rents $25.
' $3300— Larkln, bet. Filbert and Greenwich : 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 50; easy
terms: 2_-:Hxfl9. .
$3250— 2 d aye.. n»ar Clement st. 25x88:6; new
bay-window cottnjre; 5 rooms and bath; cash
$1 1 00 : balance easy terms.
Cottage— Larkln. near Chestnut; unobstructed
; marine view; $1200 cash, balance same as rent:
! 27:6x110.
$Sooo— Salmon, near Pacific; 20x60 to Himmel-
-1 mtin place; front and rear house, 11 rooms; rents
$30.
$3000— Natoma, near Ist; 23x75; 3 flats, 13
rooms: rents $32.
$2500— John, near Mason and Jackson; 22:11 x
60: 2-story flats: 8 rooms: rents $28; cheap.
$1760— Falrmount Tract; Arlington, near Ml-
guel: 28x103; $250 m.it), balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottHKf, 4 rooms.
. $1400— Telegraph place, near Kearny; 17:2x46:
, 2-story brick buli'lii 7 rooms: rent $16.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7500-McAllis.er. near Fillmore; 40x137:6.
Valencia, near 25th-st. railroad station; 61x
117 to an alley. - -
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
I 6 iots on Dolores. . '■."'.. •■.-■•
$4250— Pace, near Laguna; 25x120 to Lily aye. •
$1675— 23 d and Kansas: 25x109.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th; 50x75.
$20<>0— near Noe; 60.1114; will subdivide.
$1600— sranyan, near Grattan; 26x80, increas-
ing to 10 depth. •'■ ■ • f
$1200— B and 25th aye.; 60x188. •
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
toKllen. .
♦ 1000— Homestead, near 24th; 50x125; will
subdivide.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st. ;
i 20x65 to rear street. S- ; ■ •
$900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25xJ14. i
$800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block It, Serpen-
tine road. : : ••:■•• ; ; "'■" ■•"-"' . ■ .
'■ $500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sia: 50x100: will subdivide.
7 ROOM RESIDENCE r IN NICE PART OF
Mission; cheap; easy terms: or will exchange
for Alameda ! residence. I. 1., 734 Twenty-fifth st.
OUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 422JAGKOVE
St., bet. Gough and Octavla; lot :3x68:9;
make an offer. -■: >;.~v , , v v .. : '- :-■ ■ \ ;,
4£MODERN 6 rooms AND bath cottages
t must be sold this s week; offer wanted. Apply
JAMES B. BROOKS, 214 Pine, rooms 68 and 69.
HEAP: 5 AND 6 ROOM COTTAGES.. J AS. B.
BROOKS, rooms 68 and 69, 214 Pine st. ;.
•L^RUriVALETEHMINALTRACT;~b.PRATT ,
; X FruHv.sia. ; THE MCCARTHY C 0.,646 Market,
I ■■..■■ - ■ • . ■•..•;:.- . ■ '- - . :.. ■-.. -. -«—■.;■
:" ' V . CITY. REAL ESTATE. ._
FINE RESIDENCE
AT A SACRIFICE.
© Tftft A A SUBSTANTIAL two -story
<P I \J\J\J. house of 9 rooms and bath, hand-
somely decorated and In good condition, on Lyon
St., bet. Oak and Page, overlooking the park pan-*
handle: only 4 years old; this property cost the
owner $9000. v
EASTON, ELDBIDGE * CO.,
638 Market st.
ONLY $1600. '
A FORCED SALE.
A COZY MIS>ION COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS,
also barn, on the N. side of Duncan st,, .near
Church; lot 23:6x105 feet tbrongh to rear street:
the Hibernia Bank holds a mortgage of $1000 on
this property. - .- - ■ ;.•■ -,;
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
-*■■ 638 Market st.
ANDSOMK HOME, ~~~ '■ ~~
PAGE ST.. NEAR FILLMORE.
<3i 7fU\(\ A MODERN 2-STOBY RESIDENCE
I \J\J\J. of 8 rooms and bath: substantially
built: brick foundation: north side of street: an
abundance of sunshine; fine lot, 36x137:6; this
property cost Owner over $10,000. • ••
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO,,
.... 638 Market it.
\\T ELL-IMPROVED PROPERTY
»» . ON MCALLISTER ST.
qtRIKfl A 3-STORY BUILDING, CONTAIN-
ED I O\J. log store and 2 flats of 5 rooms and
bath each; also,, rear cottage: of 4 rooms; rents
$-780 per annum ; lot 25x137 :6.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE;
»T RECENTLY REDUCED.
A MODERN COTTAGE OF 7
tJDO I OVJ, rooms and bath on tlje north side of
Waller st., near Devisadero; recently reduced from
$4500; this is big value.
EASTON, ELDBIDGE <t CO.,
■ 638 Market st.
ISSION FLATS".
FIFTEENTH ST., NEAR MARKET.
§zinnn TWO FINE FLATS OF 5 and 6
iuuU. rooms and bath; on the north side of
15tU st., near Market; recently reduced from
$4300; lot 25x115.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
"VTEAT HOME. "^" ' ~~
i> NOE ST., NEAR MARKET. . •
©Q{r fifk A HANDSOME COTTAGE OF 6
t£)OO\J\Jm rooms and bath; high basement,
brlqk foundation, stable, conservatory, etc. ; 10t25x
105. • EASTON, ELDRIDi-K & CO.,
638 Market st.
T>IG VALTJfi.
X> JUST THE PLACE FOR TEAMSTER.
<JT» X rL|~iO 82 FEET FRONTAGE ON BER-
tJPtJUUU. nice St.. near Folsom and Twelfth;
Improvements 2 cottages: east half of lot vacant;
reduced from $6500 to close au estate.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO..
638 Market st.
A SAMPLE FEW
A- OF OUR BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$4000— Jackson St., near Webster; 25x100.
$3000— Clay St., near Spruce; 60x127:8.
$3600— Washington st., near Deviaadero; 30x
127:8.
$3250— Vallejo St., near Lyon: 50x137
' $2500— Jackson St., near Spruce: 25x127:8.
$2000— Fillmore st., near Union; 25x100.
$1800— Clay St., near Maple: 25x127:3.
$1500— Carl St.. near Cole: 25x137:6.
*1400— 13 th aye, near California; 50x120.
$1050— 4th aye.. near California: 25x120.
$1000— Cor. Hill and Noe: 26:6x110.
' $850—1 St., near 12th aye.: 25x100.
$850— Noe St.. near Hill: 25x110.
$750— 28 th aye., near L St.; 150x120.
$550— Cor. V st. and 14th aye.: 39x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK, A CO.,
• 638 Market st.
DEAL ESTATE
IX AT
. AUCTION.
12 O'CLOCK NOON. AT THE SALESROOM OF
O'FARRELL <fc CO.,
11 MONTGOMERY ST., LICK HOUSE BLOCK,
THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
CENTRALLY LOCATED INVESTMENT.
Turk St., S. side. 109 feet E. of Van Ness aye. :
No. 625 ; 2-story house of 9 rooms, used as a French
laundry; rent $4."> per month; two fronts; both
streets accepted; electric-cars pass the property;
lot 27:0x120 to Elm aye.
ELEGANT LOTS OPPOSITE ALAMO SQUARE.
Five elegant building lots, Including corner,
forming the NW. corner of Grove and Scott sts.:
either as a whole or in subdivisions; both streets
graded, sewered and macadamized; opposite Ala-
mo square; fine view.
ELEGANT LOT NEAR MARKET STREET.
North side Pa?e st., 192:6 west of Laguna;
choice neighborhood: In the midst of fine resi-
dences: overlooks the whole city: only 3 blocks
from Market st.: Halght-st. cable-cars one block;
two fronts: street paved and accepted by the city;
size 25x120 to Lily aye.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Everett St., south side. 125 feet east of Fourth •
Nos. 77, 79 and 81 Everett St.; 3 3-story bouses,
2 of 6 rooms each, one of 7 rooms; rents $58 50;
street accepted; terms cash: mortgage can be ne-
gotiated; subject to confirmation of the Superior
Court.
HOME LOT IN MISSION WARM BELT.
Sanchez St., east side. 90 feet south of 24th; \
level and ready for building; electric-cars; street
sewered and macadamized; size 24x100; terms,
cosh above mortgage of $400.
GOLDEN GATE PARK RESIDENCE.
Fulton St., south side, 90 feet E. of Devisadero;
No. 1229; 2-story, 7 rooms and oath: In fine con-
dition; street and crossing paved with bitumen
and accepted by the city; lot 23x112:6 feet.
CHOICE SUTTER-ST. CORNER RESIDENCE.
Residence NW. cor. of Hotter and Baker sts.:
2600 Sut'.er St.: 10 rooms and bath; both streets
accepted; lot 42:3x87:6 feet.
TWO LOTS NEAR 17TH AND MARKET STS.
Two lots on Diamond St.. W. side, 149 feet S. of
18th; on grade and ready for building; Castro-st.
cable and 18th-st. electric-cars: street sewered,
graded and macadamized: 2 lots, each 24:8x125
feet; terms, cash above mortgage of $700 on each
lot. ____
COZY COTTAGE HOME-CHOICE LOCATION
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
Sacramento st . south side (No. 2915). 165 feet
west of lievisadero: cozy cottage of 6 rooms and
bath: street paved with bitumen and accepted by
city: cable-cars pass the property: Devisadero-st.
electric-cars, transferring to all;. parts of the city, a
few steps from the property: choice neighborhood;
terms, cash above mortgage $1200.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS IN MISSION
WARM BELT. ;^
Twenty-first st., south side. 200 feet west of
Church: two lots: magnificent view; street graded,
sewered and macadamized: will be gold as a whole
i or in equal subdivisions; in the Mission warm
beit; cable and electric cars a short walk from lots;
each lot 25:5V2x114 feet.
I For further particulars apply to
O'FARRELL <fe CO., Auctioneers,
j 11 Montgomery st.
GL. BRESSE & CO., REAL ESTATE
. Agents, House and Insurance Brokers, 412
Pine st. • .:"Js«WM£iiMißHefl*Ba!
S7*>P\fi NORTH SIDE lI AYES ST., NEAR
t? i ~OVf . Broderick, elegant modern 2-story
I and basement residence, square bay-windows, 9
j large rooms, bath, etc. ; brick foundation, cement
sidewalk, street work done, cable-cars In front;
lot 26x137:6; on easy terms; will exchange.
TO LET-TWO ELEGANT NEW MODERN
residences just completed. 10 and 11 rooms,
j bath, all modtrn improvements and conveniences:
I north sid ■ Union bet. .-cott and DevWadero; grand
I marine view ; cable-cars in front; will lease for 1
|or 2 years: look at this" houses. •
|
I
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
I ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
"VTEW. BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.'
-Li for homes or Investments nt great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains.
Qj7' TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
»lp I *) boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ A lil'.O. y. - ■
Q>Qnn $400, *450, $600 TO »1100 —
tlpOUv/. Choicest lots In Richmond; near Sutro
e!ectrlc-car line and near new . concert grounds,
Ailillated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit puichasers. SOL GETZ <&
BRO. .-■,'■ 1 ■. : -:-- ■;....-
-€ll l\(\ To '$250— BUILDING : LOTS, NEAR
tlpl-Ul/ Mlssion-st. and 'electric-car lines: only
$10 down, $5 monthly. , SOL GETZ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
WILL BUILD HOMES TO SUIT OX LOTS IN
H Lakeview, nr. electric cars: terms about the
same as rent. THE MCCARTHY CO., 6445 . Mar-
ket St., San Francisco. '. -: • -\ . .
IT^OR: SALE— ELEGANT 12- ROOM : HOUSE,
-done by day's work; ? salon parlors: reception
and blliiaid rooms: furnace heat; beautiful cardsn;
stone walks: view Golden . Gate Park. 1917 Oak.
Qnn 1005 TREAT AYE., NEAR 555
yDOOUu. St.; nearly new, , comfortable, bay-
window residence of 7 rooms and bath; ; contains
every modern improvement: good: stable: terms,
$500 cash, balance $30 per month; see it immedi-
ately. TOBIN & ALLY. 630 Market st.
MODERN . 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
an : cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
see. plans.;: JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
CITY REAt ESTATE.
"^VE^T^^'^^WNNTAGi P
£> : ."' REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
' 19 MONTGOMERY ST..
LICK HOUSE BUILDING.
©1 X, f\(\f\ SfW- BUSINESS CORNER ON
«Jslcl.vy"» Haightst.; lot 25x100; store with
living rooms; *2 flats above of 7 and 8 rooms and
bath each; rents $1140 per annum.
fljqonn ONLY $500 CaSH NEEDED, BAL-
«IDOOUv/. ance in easy monthly payments; cot-
tage of 5 rooms, bath and basement; Capp st.,
near 25 th.
fflMQAfi REDUCED TO THIS FIGURE TO
tjp.TcOUl/. make immediate sale; Western Ad-
dition home In choice location; 2-story bay-window
house, containing 7 rooms, bath, laundry and high
basement; garden in rear; house newly painted, ex-
terior and interior; modern plumbing throughout;
mortgage at 6Vs per cent can remain; sunny side
of Post st. '
$fc finnft MASON ST., NEAR LOMBARD;
«JpOl/UU. lot 48x68:9; rents $720 . per annum;
3 houses 7 rooms; bath, etc., each.
§7£oft RENTS $840 PER ANNUM:
«4> I UVJU. store below; 3 floors above; lot 25x
80; near Folsom aDd 4th sts.
fIJ^OCA NEAR PINE AND DEVISADERO
<JpU^«JV/. sts.: 2-story-and-basement bay-win-
dow house of 8 rooms and bath; rents $50 per
month; lot 25x110. ' _ _-
©1 X f\f\(\ NEW IMPROVEMENTS, IN
<tJS-L t>.UUU. central downtown location, not far
from Suiter and Powell sts.: 3 flats; rents $107
per month ; must be sold.
©7CA COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; LOT 25x70;
«JD I O\J. very cheap; street graded and sewered;
near Mission-st electric cars. ■ :•; .
QftfXAA FOLSOM ST.; 2 FLATS OF 6 AND
tJSUUvV/. 6 rooms and bath each; rents 45 per
month.
•5M X fifth ELEGANT CORNER RESl-
*ipl.O.\J\J\J. denceln Mission: short distance
from Castro-si, cars; lot 100x100; large mortgage
can remain. . ■;..;■
©Q7 Kflfk RENTS $201 PER MONTH;
' tjpO I .iJUU. lot 62:6x120: downtown location;
2 houses and 3 flats; Golden Gate aye.
ffljqonn '•ONLY a SMALL AMOUNT of
: iSOO\J\J. cash required ; lot 25x100; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; monthly payments;
I Douglass St., near 23d.
! flJ,i7Cn COTTAGE OF 5 BOOMS, BATH,
ijPlJt'l'. conservatory, etc.: lot 25x80; loca-
! tion near Washington and Broderick sts. .
©CrfiA PACIFIC-ST. CORNER! SHORT
! tJpUcIUV/. distance from Taylor; 3-story frame
i building; rents $636 per year.
<£ 1 C\(\C\ CASH REQUIRED.BALANCE $1700
-1- UUU can remain on mortgage; house of 7
I rooms and bath; stable for six horses: hay lofts,
1 etc.; place well adapted for teaming business;
1 Harrison St., near 22d.
4fcfif\fift OAK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY:
«JnOt-»vV7. rents $600 per annum: store and 1
room below; flat of 6 rooms and bath above; mort-
gage $2000. ■
ffij£AAA 2-STORY HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS,
tIp.UV/vv/. bath, and basement ; garden, driveway
and stable In rear: lot 36x120; Albion aye., near
Valencia and Sixteenth sts.
ffl>Q£AA NEAR JACKSON AND HYDE
tITOUvU. sts.; a flatsof 4 rooms each: income
{ $24 per month: only $1700 cash required: balance
; can remain on bank mortgage at 6 Vis per cent.
■ ©1 \ Kflfl RENTS $11-10 PER ANNUM;
tip I«J.OU\J. extra large lot. size 64:4x127 :8Vi:
2 houses 01 10 and 8 rooms and bath, basement,
1 conservatory, etc. ; modern conveniences through-
I out; Clay St.; choice location.
C?IA AAA MUST BE SOLD; MAKE AN
I *IP-LU.V/wU. offer: GougU st., not far from
! Geary; lot 27:6x137:6: '2 flats of 7 rooms and bath
i each; mortgage $4000 can remain; rents $780
per annum.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
19 Montgomery st.
dj»-| AAA WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
J.UUI/ do w cottage; modern improvements;
. basement: lot 25x100: S. Broderick St., near
' Haight. Apply 1330 Mission st.
C" C. BEMIS». ; ;
. REAL estate AND land agent,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
;'■ —■■
FOR SALE.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or in subdivisions. ~; -■
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st: 65x
1 137:6 feet.
$2600— E. side of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
I Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x1*27 :6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
i Ing the Presidio and bay.
$0000— "_' modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer. ' -
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
i bet. First and Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan St., bet. Noc and Castro: 25
xl 14 feet.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park. .
l^nil CORNER; 51x100: IN BERKELEY;
tJ)UI/\/. on railroad: $10 monthly.
$400— Corner; BOx-100, with creek.
$1500— Corner;' 100x100: macadamized.
$1000— Corner: 100x100; $15 monthly.
9 175— L0t 25x135: *10 down: $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
QtAO?\ft NATOMA ST.. BET. EIGHTH AND
r£'i&O\J. Ninth—3 flats; always rented; lot
25x75. Apply 28 Ninth st.
ili)>hV TO LOAA,
C;,'An AAA ON KEaju ESTATE; LOWEST
«3>UUI',UUI/rates. A.SCHULLF.H,6O6 Montgy
A DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JK £TO
-r\.C'olunibia Loan <& Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye. !
NY AMOUNT: IST, 21) or 3D MORTGAGES; '
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, '24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
Market st..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT OX YOUR furniture OR piano"*
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. . Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
OANS OX REAL ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
mortgages, furniture or pianos . without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda, any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 828 Montgomery.
1 ST <fc -ID MORTGAGEES: INTERESTS IN ES-
-Ltates;lowest rates;no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR B CENTS — THU
Jt\. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
PAWNBEOHEKS.
AT 128 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONK V
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledces for sal ) cheap.
FINANCIAL.
owiV to jmjan 6i» city ~reaT ESTATE*.
Apply JAMES B. BROOKS, 214 Pine St.,
rooms 58 and 59.
"©I C\f\ AAMTO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
«jpIuU.UU" ance policies: bankbooks bought;
a.so Cripple Creek mining stocks. JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ. room 9. 330 Pine St. ■■■a --.--- .
PKOPEKTY TO EXCHANGE.
f£ A'xy'Lo'TS^" ■ " "" "^
00 105 ranches, large and small. -
140 vacant lots, everywhere. '■ —
46 hotels and lodging-houses. — — —
103 business places, all prices.- — ■ — '——
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? ■ .
I SELL AND EXCHANGE —
All Kinds of property.
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
©OA AAA IMPROVED. BUSINESS AND
I t&O\J.\J\J\J. residence property iv center of
j Oakland, and clear; will exchange as a whole or in
; subdivisions for San Francisco property and as-
I sume reasonable mortgage; also 150 acres unim-
proved Clara County for Oakland or Ala-
meda coitfge. Our exchange list is complete; if
, you have r.nvthing to offer write or call on
! SAMUEL <fc KNUWLKS, 481 Ninth St., Oakland.
■\TICE LITTLE STOKE IX TKMKSCAL FOR
■!■> ranch. N. 8., box 7. Call Office. ■
COTTAGES IN OAKLAND FOR A $3000
coast co. inty ranch. 112 New Montgomery st.
I fOCAn FLAT MORTGAGE OF $700;
<JFOiJUU. house, 10 rooms, on a main street in
Oakland: trade for San Jose property. HUGH M.
j CAMERON, 47» Ninth St., Oakland. -
! j>iQA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
; -1- '-OUwater: line for cat.le-raisi'ig. N..bx,16.Ca1l
DENTISTS. •
o^e^t^woT^kT^er^^o^veslt^iii^esl
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
T^ULL BET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
! X five years. DR. V. CA VaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
ET OF.TKKTH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si. :
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
j and patentee of Improved bridge work or teetn
{ without any plate, moved from 0 to 20 o'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. : 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13vears'
experience. | R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
R. H. H. SHAW, 224 REARS' Y - BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
R. L. T.CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and I teeth without
j plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant aye.
I /^ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
! V keu bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless ■ extraction : artificial teeth
; ; inn $5: fillings frm $1; extracting 50c. with gas $L
\j>7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
V I good as can be made: filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market, st. next Baldwin Theater. '
TjKTLu i)L C M HILx,, 1443 MARKET ST.,
U near Eleventh: < no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 6()c: gas given. 1 1
OLTOX DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 M *.tt-
X J ket st; DR. CHARLES W. DECKER,
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: ; Sundays till noon.'
ALA. WORK REASONABLE ; AND WAS-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL, ESTATE.
A COZY HOME MUST BE SOLD; HALL,
JA. parlors and dining-room beautifully frescoed:
four bedrooms artistically tinted: art glass win-
dows; full electric service; cement basement
floor; one of the sunniest houses to be had; five
minutes to station; between two electric lines:
first-class neighborhood; tine ; offered for only
$4500: terms can be arranged: call without de-
lay; do not wait. A. H. BREED & CO., 460
Ninth St., Oakland. \
<sil QHrt WILL BUY AX ELKGAXT LOT
tX>X'J\J\f 100x182, near Piedmont cable line;
choice buildingsite: reduced from $3500 (x— 73o)
HUGH M. CAMEROX, broker, 479 9th, Oakland
Ql IZ\C\ MODERN COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS, IN •
vpl. I O\J. fine condition: Linden st., near San
Pablo aye.: easy terms. HUGH M.CAMERON.
broker. 479 Ninth st., Oakland (3—1530).
. XT' RUIT VALE .. CHICKEN RANCH, : lVi
-T acres: new house; $1800. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
I»> ACRES NEAR OAKLAND, VERY
-L^ cheap, $7000: Walnut Creek, Contra Costa
County, 6 acres; house aDd barn, $800. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland. ' ' '
liINEST " ORANGE LAND IN BUTTE COUN-
J ty, near Palermo; partly planted. C. K. KIN ■,
902 Broadway. . -■
ANTED— I WANT TO BUY A 6-KOOM
•»» house and lot in Oakland or Berkeley: state
location and bottom cash price. Address Cash,
Call Office, Oakland. "■ ■
~OT: XCHAN O E -6-ROOM cottage home
J. in Oakland, $4000, clear, .for small improved
ranch. J. 11. EPSON, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
1 O-ROOM HOUSE; 100-FOOT LOT; -ONLY 5
X£ blocks from Broadway; sunny northwest cor-
ner; make me an offer. H. A., box 7, Call Office,
Oakland. . . .
Q/»r A CHEAP COTTAGE, VERY SMALL
<£)UiJU. lot, but central street: complete;
(3-1497). HUGH M. CAMERON, Broker, 479
Ninth St., Oakland.
ARGAIN ON BRUSH ST.: 9-KOUM hULSt;
50-foot lot on corner; batn, laundry, etc.;
price $5000: worth $7000: terms satisfactory.
WM. P. TODD. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
HAVE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda: easy-
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots: laud free and clear: will assume some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland. ■ -
T OOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS:
JIJ no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSES FOR SALE-MONTH i. V PAY-
ments $15. $20, $25, $30: no cash down; we
have special bargains in this line. --" . ;: . v
Also some very rare bargains from 3500 to
$1000, less than;their cash value; terms $100 or
more cash; balance to suit; see them: they are Al.
' We have a large list of suburban and country
homes, fruit and grain ranches; special agents for
that department
We have the finest and largest house-renting
agency in the city of Oakland: visiting strangers
and friends most cordially welcome.
We take pleasure in showing you our city free
of charge: carriages await your pleasure.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
EST BARGAIN IN FRUITVaLE— HOUSE 6
rooms, with or without furniture: barn,, two
chicken-houses. 100 chickens: artesian wen, wind- \
mill and tank; fruit trees and shrubbery; horse,
harness and phaeton: lot 100x210: price only
$2250. For terms see owner at Fiultvale Land
company, Fruitvale station. ■'.•-.
rriO EXCHANGE— HOUSE for RANCH OR
1 other property. ALDEN & KRONENBERu,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
<2«9' fjfk 10-ROOM IIOUBE, WITH LOT SOX
<?~O\J\J. 132: well located:' near cars; rented
$20 per month: a bargain. ALDEN & KRONEN-
BE RU, 902 Broadway, Oakland. ;; - .
<fc 7 Z.f\ri BEAUTIFUL SUBUBBAN RESI-
•? I t)UU, dence and 3 acres: has been sold for
$20,000; apply at once. ALDEN & KRONEN-
BERG, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
TJ OTEL, 53 ROOMS AND 5-KOOM COTTAGE;
XI each completely furnished: corner lot 60x
116; in good city: 50 miles from San Francisco;
doing fine business: part trade, part cash. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
YV ANTED— HOUSE-RENTING AND CARK
»» of your Oakland property; reference First
National Bank. F. KINGS, real estate agent, 457
Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMh.D.I REAL STATE.
t^or^sale] "~"*" ~~"*"" ~"~"*"
$2200— 550 cash; $22 50 monthly; 5 rooms and
bath: new colonial cottage.
$2800— No cash: $25 monthly; 35x100; corner
house; 6 rooms and bat'i.
$3000— 550 cash; $30 monthly: 33:4x100; 5
rooms and hath: handsome new cottage.
$3500-$2OO cash: $30 monthly; 33x150: 6
rooms and bath; elegant cottage on principal
driveway.
$3500-$ lOO cash: $35 monthly: 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial cottage.
HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections perfect.
>,'■ 1 TO LET.
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear and fiats above if desired; rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets. • .
CPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
MARCUSE & REMMEL, Ba,-st station, Ala-
meda, and 6128 Market st., S. F. .;"•
OR SALE— "
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms. Grand St.; cottage 6 rooms. Everett St.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, KLDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
OOK-$360 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park St., Alameda, on installments: fine
location. H. B. PINNEY. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
<29fififl * 50 CASH AND $20 PER MONTH;
»jp*£Ul'v". cottage 4 room s.
$2300— 5300 cash and $25 per month; new cot- -
tage of 5 rooms.
$2750— 5250 cash and $25 per month: new cot-
tage of 5 rooms.
$3000— 5500 cash and $30 per month: new cot-
tage of 5 rooms.
$3000— 5200 cash and $25 per month; bouse of 6 ,
rooms.
$4000— $800 cash and $40 per month; house or 7
rooms.
All modern houses on Improved streets and near
the trains. We have also on hand a few rnasnisj-
clent homes, new and modern, at greatly reduced
prices and easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY,
1364 Park st., Alameda.
fIfcOQAA AN ELEGANT NEW COTTAGJi:
tipZiO\J\J. 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x203; $15(1
cash. $20 per month— No. 732.
$1750— Cottage; 5 rooms and bath; $20 per
month; a snap— No. 736.
$2000— New cottage: 5 rooms and bath: lot 30x
127; $150 cash, $20 per month— No. 739.
$1500— Worth $2700; to close an estate: corner:
94x115; street work, sewer, etc., complete; will
make 3 building lots.
$3000— New modern cottage: near station; no
cash down; $30 per month— No. 698.
$950— lvi acres land on Bakers aye.; worth
$1700: one-half cash.
Choice lots for sale, houses to let in all parts of
Alameda. H. P. AIOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St.
© 1 Ofi TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTH ; NEW
tjp 1 \J\J 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience: near station, sen 00!. etc : with lars* .
lot; $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 150U
Park St., Alameda. . .-., _■>-. ■'.-■■-..•.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR '. 5 CENTS — TUB
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
i:i:al ESTATE.
J 4 miles west of Morganhill; 60 acres or more ..
large furnished house with concert grand piano:
J beautiful grounds, Interspersed with oak trees; '1
cottages; pavilion 60x80 feet; bored well,' wind-
mill, horsepower, 2 6000-gallon tanks: water piped,
to house: stable; horses, cows, pigs, chickens anil
implements for working the place; implements
cost over < $12,000: will take part cash, the re-
mainder in city property. For particulars apply to
K. McCtTHRIK. l.U.vci if vis' office. Mills bids, s.K
ALAUKDA HOU&K4 TO LET. .
OTTALTif F I*RN I SFfE TK~i ROOMS "aND
\J hath; rent $18. H. C. 926 Taylor aye., Ala-
meda. . . . ■ ■ "
AI.A.iH.IiA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
FOR THE SUMMER, 3 FURNISHED HOUSE-
-C keeping rooms: no small children: party going
East. Call or address MRS. 8., 1512 Railroad
aye., Alameda.
. ALAMEDA HOUSES - WAXI'KD.
WXNTE^^r^^M^DXISXY^IT^HOUSM
' » of 9 rooms, bet. .Enclnal and Chestnut st- s;a«
tlons. Address Alameda, box 88. Call.
. BUKk fLK I Kt At, iiSTAU.
To LET— s*2 50 PER MONTH FOR A BEAU.
tlf ' house of 7 large rooms ; carpeted ; lot
100x135 feet, with fruit trees and flowers: close to
station and cars.>. W. C. MORAN, Lorin Station,
Berkeley. ._ ,: . . . .. \ » ;
rnHERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME, IF IT IS
-L, in Berkeley: look at this— house of 7 rooms,
concrete foundation, large lot, overlooking the bay,
and only $2500. JAS. J. MASON, Berkeley station.
OG. MAY CO., REAL ESTATE AND
• building, 2123 Center St., Berkeley. •
JOSEPH J. MASON. REAL ESTATE AND
O Insurance, removed to Berkeley station: ■
TO LEASE.
rpO^LEASE^2BO^FEET FROvFoN^BAY^tT)
X bet. Powell and Meson, by. average depth of 140
feet, with buildings and power if required: admir-
ably salted to cannery or other purposes. Apply-
California Wire Works, 332 Bay St.. or 8 Pine st .
1112
HOUSES TO LET.
C^'oR^HOTWELirAND TWENTY-FIRST, 10
rooms, bath, $30: 1137 Guerrero. 6 rooms,
bath: newly papered, $20: cor. Kearny and Chest-
nut" 8 rooms marine view, newly painted, etc.,
$16- 929 Xatoma, 6 rooms. $16; 105 Diamond, 5
rooms bath. $15. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont-
gomery st. ,
VJ_W HOUSE: 2632 SUTTER ST : 7 ROOMS
IN :nd bath: rent reasonable. BON TOY _
BOXXTAG. 19 Montgomery St.
ODERX BOUSE OF 11 ROOMS, BESIDES
kitchen, laundry, wine c .-liar, storeroom, etc.;
garden front and rear; sun all day; location shel-
tered- superb marine view: 10 minutes' walk to
center of city: convenient to cars; rent reason-
able. P J. KENNEDY, ll Montgomery st.
O-ROOM HOUSES IX PERFECT CONDITION;
0 new plumbin-: near City Hall; low rent; ele-
rant flat on Market st.and other nouses at $10 and
$$0 a month. __ J. KENNEDY, 11 Montgomery.
TTOUSES TO LET-CHOICE CORNER ON
I 1 California and Broderiek sts., containing 9
rooms, bath and conservatory: elegant sunny resi-
dence in perfect order: low rent to desirable ten-
ant. Apply MADISON a BU j^_^_—
iAC OAK. ONE BLOCK FROM MARKET-8
lUO rooms and bath: rent only $30: see this at
•nee. MADISON & BURKE, 6*6 Market at.
1r 1 O JONES-BAY - WINDOW HOUSE 7
1 01— rooms, modern basement, yard, fine ma-
rine view; halt block from Jackson-s:. cars.
OOCI MISSION-KENT REDUCED; HOUSE
J..')d\ 8 rooms; $18. Apply 2245 Mission St., or
7*J4 Twentieth. _____
i - CEDAB AYE.. NORTH OF GEARY,
II i near Van Ness; house of 7 rooms|and bath,
rent reduced to $20. water Included. ■
"A PPRKCIATKD IF SEEX-829% SUITER,
ii. near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
hi A ELLIS, ABOVE VAN NESS-SUNNY
0 1 _ house of 7 rooms; modern improvements.
TTr^T FLOOR, FIVE ROOMS, 812 JESSIE
J st., near Ninth; rent $14; key in grocery.
AY-WINDOW HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS; BATH
and yard: 1917 Filbert st.
<>£?! O POST— HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS. BASE-
_.OJ-O ment, and large yard; cheap: key next
floor above. —
1-^INE HOUSE; 6 ROOMS; BATH; LARGE
X stable: basement. 1109 Shotwell st.
XTICE HOUSE 6 BOOMS, BATH AND BASE-
oN ment; rent $18- 122 Webster St., nr. Haight.
OUSE OF 4 ROOMS; RENT $12. 211
11 Twelfth st. ;
>.i O SUNNY HOUSE: 5 ROOMS; YARD;
r* 1 — .W. basement; good order. Key 2228 Geary.
rro LET-AX ELEGANT SEW MODERN
1 house- 9 rooms, bath and finished basement;
Jackson St.. bet. LHurel and Locust: marine view;
rent reasonable. WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14
Post st. I
OUSE: 6 ROOMS. BATH. 1530 CLAY ST.,
near Larkln. . -
_> AY- WINDOW HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; 210
J") Perry st , just olf Fourth; rent $12 50, water
free. A ;" pty to PMBSI '- . 14 Montgomery st.
OUSE: 9 ROOMS: BATH: NEWLY PA-
pered and painted yard: $35. Tenth St., bet.
Howard and Mission; key at 1-6, next door.
1 AAQ BUCHANAN. XKAR McALLISTER-
-IUUO Sunny house: 11 rooms and bath: electric
bells and all modern improvements; rent reason-
able. ;
OUSE, 7 ROOMS. BATH, BASEMENT,
targe yard, 780 Capp: cottage 5 rooms, bath,
large basement, three stalls. 107 Gennanla.
_Q|\ MODERN HOUSE AT 2529 PINE,
JJpO'*. corner Scott; so and see it.
_fO USE 10 ROOMS AND BARN; VERY
Jl cheap. Apply NICOL. 534 V;. California ,-t.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS: BATH AND YARD;
rent $15. 147 Valencia st.
TTABY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
f) contented: house rented from BALDWIN _
HAMMOND 10 Montgomery st,.
FI'KNISI r:i> HOUSES.
LEG ANT FURNISHED HOUSE: MODERN
Jj improvements: Western Addition; 7 rooms; j
bath; sell furniture if desired. Inquire 1102 Mar-
ket st.
_UN NY HANDSOMELY FURNISHED FLOOR
w> of 4 rooms, bath, etc.: suitable for family or t
physician: reasonable 913 Polk St., EearGeary. j
.>.>/ in STEIXER, NEAR SACRAMENTO—
_._>UP Finely furnished 7 rooms: bath; whole or I
] art to responsible parties. Call Ito 4 p. m.
LKGAXT FUBNISHED HOUSE— BE
able rent. WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post.
1-r BNIBHED HOUSE TO BENT IX A DESIR- I
able location for a term of 3 to 6 months; sunny
house of 8 rooms, bath and large garden. For par-
ticulars and privilege to Inspect apply to W. DO-
LAN, 130 Sutler st.
V r ifNISHED HOUSE FOR SALE: 8 ROOMS; j
T reasonable. Address H. it., box 149. Call Oflice.
COTTAG-S TO LET.
HANDSOME MODERN^OTTAGE; 7 ROOMS; '
bath; high basement; flower garden. 40
Diamond st."
S~ UNXY COTTAGE OF 4 LARGE ROOMS;
reason Apply 2501 Larkin st.
\~~Zifl SMALL COTTAGE. 3 TAY ST.,
»_SJLA.<JU. near corner Clay and Powell.
~Q.Q 'A CHEAP COTTAGE. 11 RUSSELL
v . O\J . st.. near corner Hyde and Union.
I ARGE COTTAGE; BATH: YARD; STABLE
XJ for 4 horses. 913 Fourteenth st.
ODERN. 5-ROOM, BAY - WINDOW COT-
ta;e; bath; basement; tine yard. 737 Treat
avenue.
_1 A COTTAGE 6 ROOMS, CELLAR. CLARA,
<_> l_r. near Fifth. 3-5 Fifth st.
(J_Q C A COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS. PROSPECT
tj!O.«)U aye., between Twenty - seventh and i
Twenty-eighth, near Mission.
C\QTI T AGE OF 4 ROOMS; COR. GREEN AND
\J Polk sts. .•'*•-/-'-
pf qtTFn den AYE. — COZY sunny cot-
OtJ 1 tage; 4 rooms; $15.
fl_l9 P.A CoTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
»_)l_..c)U. large yard. 1017 Twenty-first st.
r.ll - NEW COTTAGES; BAY-WIXDOWS; 4
0 1 -L . rooms. Point 1 obos aye. and Collins st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
vTQ2r^ Ai;KSON ST?[ OR. TAYLOR— FUR-
-1100 nished upper flat; 5 rooms. Ap. after 1 p.m.
"VT ICELY " FURNISHED FLAT OF FOUR
J.l rooms; everything firstclass; 135 Ninth st.
1C 99 GEARY — ALL SUNNY FLAT,
i«J-._. nicely furnished.
FLATS id i.l-: .
Ol W^B^LTNGTOnTIw ' WKB. 7~BOOMBi
010-. bath, view. $32 50: cor. Stevenson and
Willows, lower, 6 rooms, bath, $25: 2518 Mission,
upper, 6 rooms, bath, $22 50: 182 Thirteenth, near
Howard, upper, 5 rooms, bath, $22 50; 2825 How-
ard, lower, 5 rooms, bath, yard. $20: 617 Seven-
teenth, upper, 7 room.--. bath. $20; 117 Hermann.
lower. 5 rooms, bath, $20: 207 Second, upper, 7
rooms. $18: 58 Tehama, upper, 6 rooms. $18; 617
Capp, lower. 4 rooms. b«th. .$18; 1211 Guerrero,
upper, 5 rooms, bath, $17; 18 McLea, off Mntn,
near Harrison, lower. 4 rooms, bath, Rl5; 2. 1t!
Mission, upper, 4 rooms, bath, $14. W. H. CRIM
A CO., 118 Montgomery st.
1 7 I A SACRAMENTO, NEAR VAN NESS—
1 i I\J Elegant middle flat of 6 rooms and bath;
low rent; sunny side of street. BL'KMIAM <_
MARSH CO., 428 Montgomery st.
I'll JACKSON, NKAK LARKIN—
_L«J 1 L flat of 6 rooms and bath; excellent neigh-
borhood: cheap rent. BURNH.AM & MARSH
CO., 428 Montgomery st.
1 AO_PAGE ST., N"rT"BRODERICK: MOD-
J-U»«*Tern middle flat of 5 rooms and bath;
snnny side; very low rent. Apply EASTOX,
ELDitIDGb & CO,. 638 Market st.
T OWEB FLAT 929 BUTTER ST.; 7 ROOMS
S-i and bath; suitable for doctor or dentist. BO-
VEE, TOY & SOXXTAG.
&-[ Q FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH AND
«JP »O. stable; 1131 York st. R. J. MERCER
& SOX. 410 Pine st. .
q./7 AND 329 TENTH ST., FLAT 6 ROOMS
' O—J I and bath, $25. 2719 Laguna, upper flat, 7
rooms and bath, $3'_ 50. DAVID fcSTERX _
bO.NS.
A A. A.— MOD_RN FLAT. 5 ROOMS AND
-A*- • bath, to rent cheap; furniture for sale at a
sacrifice; one month's rent free to purchaser; ibis
opportunity to get cheap rent will be withdrawn
April 4. Apply on premises. 805 Pace st.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW; 5 ROOMS; MOD-
ern. 320 Shotwell st., near Eighteenth: cheap.
A LMOST NEW FLAT, 5 LARUE sunny
_— rooms; bath: modern. 23 Elgin Park.
F' LAT. 6 ROOMS; SUNNY; $14; ALSO SUN-
ny cottasre; $11. 629 Second St., nr. Brannan.
riil FRANKLIN, NEAR MCALLISTER—
«JJ 1 ■£ Flat, 3 rooms; cheap rent.
X OWER FLAT4~ROOMS~AND BATH, $12 60:
JLj lower flat 3 rooms. $8. 1024 Nineteenth st. .
IQIQ HOWARD— FLAT 5 ROOMS AND
1010 bath; rent $16.
4 MODERN HOOMS AND BATH AND STA-
ble; $20. 1687 lurk, bet. Steinerand Pierce.
99 HOWARD— NICE SUNNY FLAT OF 4
OO rooms; cheap rent.
9 MODEKX UPPER FLATS, LIGHT AND
Z. sunny, near tJarfleld Park: rent low. Apply
. 1 17y_ Shotwc-ll St., near Twenty-fifth.
991 O .S'.iTTER— MODERN UPPER FLAT; 7
_,_« I U large sunny rooms and bath: $25.
Zll A BUCHANAN— SUNNY, CORNER, BAY-
OL _ window flat; 4 rooms, bath; $20. k
UNNY NEW FLAT; 5 ROOMS; MODERN,
improvements; $12. Kansas and Yolo sts.
UNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS; YARD;
O water free; rent $10. 356 Third st.
__ 1 (j BAY- WINDOW FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND
<Jplt/. bath: key at house. 1006V2 Guerrero st.
TTPPER FLAT. BAY-WINDOW. -»■ SUNNY
U rooms, bath, gas, water, yard ; $10. 1026 Capp st.
\TEW SUNNY FLAT. 4 ROOMS, BAT SET
i.\ tubs: rent $16. 414 Lily aye. , :■
o UNFURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS : 1 bath;
*> yard. Address B. V., box 119, Call.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 5 "ROOMS; RENT
reasonable. 807 Harrison St., near Fourth.
CO Q FLAT OF 5 SUNNY BOOMS : BATH.
<jj?xO.Ni-:. corner Polk and Jackson sis.
'C_9Q FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 814
is~O. Webster st.
FLATS TO LET- Continued. ■-
L^T?^4""SUNNY^ObMSr^rH^RijUGHtT"
r renovated; rent $12. 1127 Minna st., rear
Fourteenth. ■ _______
at iQ ■ NEW modern sunny upper
♦IdXo. corner flat, 6 rooms, bath, stable. 4600
Eighteenth st. : _____
QQO FIFTEENTH ST., BET. MARKET AND
OOU Noe— s rooms, bath; rent cheap.
A 9 TENTH— NEW SUNN V CORNER FLaT;
_O_i 6 rooms, bath: rent cheap.
F~L\T, 4 ROOMSTsO" VALENCIA ST.: RENT
$14. Apply 533 Guerrero st. . ■ -
Of d TO $35-COTTAGKS AND FLATS; GOOD
JJpU tenants wanted. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
<_> 1 Q NEW : 5 ROOMS : BATH ; sUN ALL
%!51O.day: yard; worth looking at. 1226b
Union st. ' . '
I OWER FLOOR OF 3 SUNNY ROOMS. EN-
J J tirely separate, with yard. Key 648 Minna st.
PPER FLAT 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
gas, bath, bay-window. 725^ Minna st.
C UNNY UPPER FLAT. 4 ROOMS; RENT
0 reasonable to small family. Inquire cor. O'Far-
rell and Biedeman sts., above Scott.
LTPPIsR FLAT, 3120 WASHINGTON ST., 7
' rooms and bath; modern Improvements; rent
reasonable. EOVKF. TOY A SONNTAG. ; '.
__• l Q SUNNY' FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
<_VLO. 2231 Geary st _
LAT, 10 ROOMS, $20. 102 MISSION ST., NR.
Spear: key at corner saloon. .
F~ INE FLAT 7^ ROOMS AND BATH ; ALL
modern improvements: rent $35. 625 Golden
Gate aye., between Van Ness and Franklin.
_•-! 9 FOR THE BEST 6- ROOM NEW FLAT
«Jrl^. with bath in this city; water free; investi-
gate the place and save money. 529 Ivy aye.
1 C 1 1 -1515 V. MISSIO.N BT..NR. ELEVENTH
J. »)1 1 —5 beautiful sunny rooms; bath, laundry,
yard.
_l /* FINE SUNNY MIDDLE FLAT; VERY
10. low rent. 432 Seventh St., nr. Harrison.
©1 1 7 ROOMS; BATH; RANGE; HOT
tj 1 ! 1. water; upper. Jersey and Sanchez sts.
£1 qi LINDEN AYE.— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS
0-LO2 and bath: rent cheap. .
71 c OCTAVIA— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BATH,
lit) gas, basement and yard. _________
Q»1 Q AND $14; BALM. _TC. 841 VALEN-
t_)X O cia St., near Eighteenth. ■
1 OWER FLAT; 524 WALLER ST.. BETWEEN
XJ Steiner and Pierce; 5 rooms and bath.
E" TEG ANT LOW EB FLAT ; 7~ ROOMS AND
XjJ bath. 1205 Gough St.. near O'Farrell. •
UNNY FLAT: 5 ROOMS: CHEAP. 1411
Twenty-fifth st. ■ ________
CM q AND $14—1124 AND 1110 Si EVEN
J- O.son, near Herman; nice Cats: cheap rent
I HIRST FLOOR— 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
1 unfinished basement; $16: clean and in gooa
repair: quiet, attractive, private street. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
TO LET— I9IS STEVENSON ST., NEAR
Twentieth, nice sunny upper fiat of 4 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
L V ~PPER SUNNY FLAT 7 ROOMS; RENT $15.
1 Apply 4381- Sixth st.
1 1 Q LANGTON — UPPER FLAT 5 LARGE
1-LO sunny rooms: hall and separate yard.
QI Q BRODERICK, NEAR GOLDEN GATE
•7 LO aye.— Elegant new flat, 6 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
JT-99 SIXTH ST.— UPPER FLAT, 5 ROOMS,
OJ.— bath; large yard: rent $13. .
■1 9' PAGE ST., BET. GOUGH AND OCTA-
1— O via: flat of 4 rooms; $13 50.
L'NNY FLAT, 6 ROOMS, BATH; MODERN
improvements. ISO 9 O'Farrell St., nr. Octavia.
Q MODERN SUNNY FLATS ON CAPP ST.,
0 bet. Mission and Howard, Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, containing 5 and 6 rooms, baths,
mantel fireplaces, with large separate back yard,
etc.: rent will suit you. Call at office, O'FARRELL
A CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
<t_7 4-ROOM FLAT, UNFURNISHED. 522
C 1 • Howard.
ODEKN UPPER FLAT; 2-STORY HOUSE:
6 large rooms and bath; cellar: sunny yard;
no small children 14 - /2 Hayes st.
Ql q 16 ELLIOT PARK, OFF STEINER ST..
t_SXO. near Geary— Lower floor. 'i large sunny
rooms, yard and cellar. Inquire 1911 Geary st.
ytEV NICE SUNNY UP if FLAT, 6 ROOMS
> and bath: $22 60. 71:8 Va Grove, near Webster.
HOUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH; FLAT, 4 SUNNY
rooms, bath, garden: $16. 1706 Post st.
£• 1 Q A MODERN FLAT 7 ROOMS, BATH.
«TpXO. closets, elevator, at 957 Union St., Oak- '
land. KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oak-
land.
LEOANT FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH:
' X J all latest Improvements. 713% Grove st.
I^ewsteFs from CITY HALL; ELEGANT
i flat; 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove st,
YEW SUNNY FLAT- 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
1> was $20. now $13 50; Castro cable; see photo-
graph. HO VEY. 508 California st.
L>A<-) HAVES, COR. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS
Dtt_ . of 3 and 6 sunny rooms, bath, f tc.
CIO2Y FLATS: SUNNY. NICE LOCATION; |
1 4 and 5 rooms: bath; Hanover pi., off Sacra- '
mento, below Mason. Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4
OABY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
X> contented; flat rented from BALDWIN A j
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
I?<LKGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
J low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16. ■
UOL'SEKEEI'ING KOOJIs.
Buchanan Street.
£A 9 BUCHANAN, COR. FELL— S7 50; SUN:
DU_ ny bay-window housekeeping; first floor.
California Street.
1 A(\Q CALIFORNIA — 4 OR 6 SUNNY
1 rrUO rooms; bath; suitable for housekeeping;
reasonable.
Eddy Street.
11 Q EDDY— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
XXO housekeeping: other sunny rooms; $5 up.
Ellis street.
"An ELLIS-2 CONNECTING ROOMS; FUR-
»JUO nished complete for housekeeping; large
yard; reasonable.
Fifth Street.
qi_|FIFTH-2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
O-LT: rooms: running water; bath; private fam-
ily: no children: $9. j
q99 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR ;
»J-_-_ housekeeping; cheap rent.
•>9X FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
O«-«J keeping: 3 rooms $13; single $5.
Fulton Street.
11 (* FULTON ST. - TWO LAP.tiE SUNNY
XXU rooms, complete for housekeeping, $10.
Oeary st eet. firflfjfflffi
91 71 GEARY— THREE SUNNY UNFUR-
s-i-L I '4 nished housekeeping rms. Key 217 Geary.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1 A'Q GOLDEN GATE AYE— 2 SUNNY UN-
-I\JOO furnished housekeeping rooms.
1 C 1 A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FINELY FUR-
lulu nished sunny rooms: housekeeping privi
lege: $15.
Grove Street.
1 CM r GROVE ST.. NEAR LYON-S SUNNY
lulu housekeeping rooms; private family.
Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET -FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
— -'J housekeeping.
. *.. Harrison Street.
A 1 7 HARRISON — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
Til front rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
Howard Street. ,
P. j;q HOWARD— LARGE ROOM FURNISHED
000 for housekeeping; rent $7.
7AQ HOWARD— 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS
i i -t7 nicely furnished for housekeeping; private
family.
QQXI FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
0002 housekeeping; single and double; reason-
able.
1 1 1 qi HOWARD-HOUSEKEEPING ROOM
11 XOa $2 50 week; other rooms $1 50 week.
1 1 AS) HOWARD— 2 SUNNY FRONT FUR-
X X tt_ nished housekeeping rooms; rent $10 and
$15.
— <a_una Street.
QAQ LAGUNA, NR. MCALLISTER— LARGE
OUO front room and • kitchen, ' furnished first
Class: sun all day; $11; large front parlor.
bar kin street.-
Q9£» LARKIN— THREE ELEGANT SUNNY
O--iU housekeeping rooms; first floor; bath.
Q(\A LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
Ov/_t room and kitchen, $9 50. * . i
.VitAnister street.
CQQ MCALLISTER— HANDSOMELY FUR-
t)OO nished parlor; also room with kitchen, for
light housekeeping.
Minna street.
4 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS, SUITABLE
rr for housekeeping. 311 Minna si. ■•
Oft": MINNA. NR. FIFTH— SUITE OF 2
OUU sunny rooms furnished for housekeeping.
/(I 7 MINNA — 2 OR 3 LARGE SUNNY
—X I rooms, suitable for housekeeping.
>\ AC* MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
010 housekeeping; large yard. , .
Mission Street. -
Q9l MISSION — SUITE SUNNY HOUSE-
O*-l keeping rooms, $10; nice single rooms for
gentlemen, $5.
OqQ MISSION — 2 FURNISHED ROOMS .
000 housekeeping; also single, $5 per month/
1 A 9-1 MISSION— HOUSEKEEPING ROOM:
Iv-T runnln? water: bath; no children; $8. :
1 AQU MI « I O X— SUNNY FURNISHED
X\fO<f rooms tor light housekeeping. •
1 AOQI-.MISSION —HOUSEKEEPING AND
XUUOg single rooms; also nice suites; reason-
.Ma
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
HOrSKKKF.PTNO ROOMS - s«y__ _>»_*«
Market Street.
9AQ9 MARKET — FURNISHED ROOMS,
--\JV-~ with bath, complete for housekeeping.
> ato nisi Street.
nn NATOMA-2 OR 3 LARGE BUNNY FUR-
\)U nished rooms; housekeeping: range; yard: $8.
£»A^ NATOMA— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
Ov/cl housekeeping: also single.
Ninth Street.
9 A NINTH, NEAR MARKET— FURNISHED
— v rooms; single; suites: houskpg; grate; gas.
CA9 NINTH— 6 FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
O\JZj piete for housekeeping: rent low.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL ST., CORNER MARKET, OPPOSITE
Octavia— 2. or 3 sunny corner rooms, well fur-
nished; housekeeping: running water; sink. -'
Ferry Street.
19Q PERRY— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
.I .—it/ housekeeping. - " "
Point Lobos Avenue.
91 9A POINT LOBOS AYE.— THREE SUNNY
•_l_,' ' furnished rooms: housekeeping; bath;
$12; no children.
Polk Street.
Q9Q POLK — NICELY FURNISHED PAR-
O_jQ lors; also other roms; reasonable.
Post Street. .
n-\ c POST— CONVENIENT SUNNY UN-
OX • ' furnished rooms for housekeeping. '
iA]r A POST — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
JLUJLc) rooms for housekeeping; price moderate.
1 con POST —FRONT AN D SECOND PAR-
.I «J_j«7 lor; kitchen; completely furnished; $20.
Apply 1602*6 Post st.
Seventh Street.
AQ£ SEVENTH — 4 ' SUNNY HOUBEKEEP-
—OD Ing rooms. _j ■.
Sixth Street.
91 Ol SIXTH — NICELY FUBNISHED
ZIXU2 front rooms with kitchen.
A(\Q SIXTH — FURNISHED AND UNFUR-
_UO nished rcoms to let; full furnished for
housekeeping: also single; prices reasonable.
C9Q SIXTH— 4 "UNFURNISHED ROOMS
XJU.U and cellar; rent cheap to good tenant.
South ParK.
1(* SOUTH PARK— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
J.D keeping rooms, $9; single, $5; 4 unfur-
nlshed, $10. ■ - ■ -
Stevenson Street.
d_Q FOUR ROOMS, 427 STEVENSON ST.,
«SO. between Fifth and Sixth: very convenient.
Stockton Street.
A 1 7 STOCKTON — 2 CONVENIENT FUR-
T:l I nished housekeeping rooms: $12; other
rooms: cheap. .
711 STOCKTON — NICE FURNISHED
% X 1 housekeeping rooms, $10 per month.
Tehama Street.
QAQ TEHAMA, NEAR FOURTH — SUNNY
OUO furnished housekeeping rooms.
Turk Street.
C9_ TURK, NR. LARKIN— UPPER FLOOR
»J_."x of 4 sunny rooms and bath.
I C*(\Q TURK— 2 CONNECTING ROOMS,'
1 DUt; with use of kitchen: $15. .
Van >e«s Avenue. r~
71 A VAN NESS-SUNNY FRONT PARLOR
I 1U suite; completely furnished for housekeep-
ing: $25. . . • _______
Ta 91 ' VAN NESS AYE., NEAR GEARY— 2
LKfZiL adjoint n< rooms complete for house-
keeping. -
1 A 1 Q VAN NESS . AYE.-2 SUNNY. CON-
ItIO necting rooms on parlor floor: newly and
handsomely furnished; complete for light house-
keeping. "
Washington Street.
191 A WASHINGTON. NR. TAYLOR— 3 UN-
l_iu furnished rooms for housekeeping-!
Miscellaneous.
A NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS ON GOLDEN
.*' Gate aye. for housekeeping; references. Ad-
dress E.. box 53, this office. * .. ■ .
SUITE: 3 COMFORTABLE FURNISHED
sunny rooms: $18. , J. 0., box 113. Call Office.
KOOMS TO LEX.
Army street.
n_(>l ARMY— TWO OR THREE NICE SUN-
-0 _U2 ny rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
Bush Street.
71 71 BUSH ST.-SUNNY ROOMS, $4 PER
t X I 2 month. •
I 797 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
1 I— i apartment suite, single, $7 up; housekeep-
| ing.
Castro Street.
i AftX. CASTRO-FOR SALE— 2 LARGE FUR- j
! trUU nished rooms and pantry; furnished com- |
; plete for housekeeping; all new; will be sold J
I cheap; rent $10; nice lawn.
i dd- Street.
1 9 EDDY— LARGE SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
1 — < single or en suite; suitable for doctor: cheap.
1 1 O EDDY— NEAT, SUNNY SINGLE ROOM
JL 1 O for gentleman; $6.
9A A 1 EDDY. 2ND DOOR— LARGE SUNNY
-Ul'> furnished room for gentleman.
-1 A EDDY — LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
t)\\J room: neat single room; reasonable; pri-
vate family.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellla Street.
Thp: RAMONA, 130 ELLIB st., SAN fran-
-1 Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager-Just
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 150 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
i hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
I and fire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
j ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
! ters; electric-cars direct ;o ferry and park pass the
I door.
'-»">< 1 ELLIS— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM;
O—V rent $8.
__9O ELLIS— DOUBLE FRONT ROOM; ALSO
— — «O sonny single rooms: lor gentlemen.
£OO ELLIS- ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
UOO sunny rooms; also large parlor suite.
Fifth street.
9AI FIFTH (CHANGED HANDS)— NICELY
-'':: furnished front suites and single; also
housekeeping.
_>Q FIFTH— NICE SUNNY FRONT SINGLE
00 and double rooms; $5 up.
01 A FIFTH— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM;
OX _ closet, bath: private family ; $la week.
Fillrnore Street.
ml FILMORE— SUNNY BOOMS; BATH;
2 cheap to good tenant.
l'oisom street.
7__7l FOLSOM — FURNISHED DOUBLE
4 _ I 3 room; bay-window; rent cheap. ',-:■:
Fourth Street.
O(\O FOURTH, NEAR FOLSOM— NICE, SUN-
OUO ny furnished rooms: also housekeeping.
Franklin Street. ;:
1 C 1 0 FRANKLIN— NICELY FURNISHED
IOIU sunny room; German family; $6. '
oeary street.
91 q GEARY — GROUND FLOOR: LARGE
— jXO front room suitable for business: key 217.
QQ9 GEARY— SUNNY FRONT ROO1I; PRI-
OO4* vate family; rent $8.
C 1 QGUARY— ELEGANT . FRONT SUITE,
OJ.O suitable for dressmaker or doctor: others. ,
791 GEARY— LARGE AND SMALL SUNNY
l—tl. rooms; handsomely furnished; rent reason-
able. .
boo GEARY— SNGLE sunny room, $5;
00 large front room, $8. -'..
1"I A 1 OEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
_ 11/ 1 Martinet; first-class modern apartment-
bouse: rooms en suite and single: new house; ele-
gantly fitted ; breaklast If desired.
Glen Park Avenue.
-: GLEN PARK AYE., OFF TWELFTH— I UN-
I O furnished sunny room; closet: bath.
. < oiiieu i>irc Avenue.
9AA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
_«UI/ nished or unfurnished rooms for one or two;
private entrance.
OOU GOLDEN GATE— NICELY FERXISHED
OOU sunny rooms: single and double: rent low.
QQA GOLDEN GATE aye. — DESIRABLE
OOU sunny room for 1 or 2 gents; private fam-
ily; $10. : . • : .:■
f*Ql GOLDEN GATE— LARGE FRONT ROOM
UOI for light housekeeping; other rooms $7 up;
large yaid. . ■
Cough Street.
IJ(\Q GOTGH, COR. MCALLISTER-NICETY
* \f\J furnished sunny front room: terms reason-
able. --. . . . - ■. ■■ . ■ ■ j. .]..-;
Grove Street. >
1 A*: GROVE, NEAR POLK-NICELY FUB-
J.UO nished large front room, $>*. ; . v :
91 9 GROVE, ABOVE VAN NESS— 2 NICELY
_ ix _ i furnished front sunny . rooms ' in private
family; rent $6 and $10.;^;".-;'; -,■
. JeAsie Street.
q^q JESSIE-COMFORT ABLY FURNISHED
OUO rooms, from $1 and upwards per week. ■ ;;-. _
AQQ JESSIE, NEAR~mT NT— SUNNY FUR-
nisbed rooms, double and single, cheap.
\ : ■■_ ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Howard Street.
QQQ HOWARD (THE ORLANDO)- NICELY
1/UIA furnished rooms, single and suites, . from
$1 60 to $3 50 per week: open all night; transient.
1 070 HOWaRD-SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
XV/IV/ nicely furnished; hot and cold water: $6.
91 71 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
1-1 I 3 room; suitable for 1 or 2; gas; bath;
private family. - .
Jones Street.
907 JONES -THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
_j V I management: elegant sunny : suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; SlO to *30.
iiearny street.
QA KEARNY — ROOM FIRST FLOOR, UN-
Qyj furnished: for physician or dressmaker.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, I_7 KEARNY-PLBAS-
__ ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; _rs;<~—
in every respect : terms reasonable.
Langton Street.
_JC LANOTON— SUNNY FRONT ROOM TO
rXO let: private family; suitable for 2; $8.
Larkin Street.
_l 9q LAJRKIN — N ICE Ji V FURNISHED
x — suites: single: -housekeeping: bath: gas.
Ql qi LARKIN- SUNNY ALCOVE SUITE;
yJXO-> privilege of light housekeeping; price
$13; also other rooms, cheap.
1119 LARKIN— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
111- nicely furnished: rent reasonable.
Market Street.
T7»LEGANT OFFICES AND FURNISHED
XJ rooms at 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites: per
night. 35c to $1 : week. $1 60 to $5: families
1 199 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
X 1 _. _/ rooms, suites and single, from $2 to $6 a
week.
McAllister Street.
AAQ McALLISTER-LARGE HAIL ROOM;
"»U furnished or unfurnished; closet.
£>] 71 McALLISTER-LARGE SUNNY fur-
"l I a nished room: grate, gas,' bath ; rent low.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, NEAR TAYLOR—
sunny room for 2, $9; private.
Marye Terrace.
6 MAYER TERRACE, OFF TURK BET. HYDE
and Larkin— Sunny newly furnished; gas, bath.
Mason Street.
n MASON— SUNNY ROOM, NICELY FUR-
nished; $1 a week.
41 7 MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUITES
ttX I and single rooms; reasonable.
Minna street.
Q7l MIXNA-LARGE FURXIStIED SUNNY
Oil basement room; stove, closets, etc.; private
family.
TTTr, MINNA— NICE FURNISHED FRONT
OrtO room: suitable 2 gents or gent and wife;
cheap.
onrj MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms; $1 week; tran-
sient. ,
1 A MIX AX, OFF LAFAYETTE — TWO
Xv/Ot/ nicely furnished rooms; single and one
suitable for two; bain; no children; cheap.
Mint Avenue.
9J MINT AYE . OPPOSITE THE MINT—
-wtt Nicely furnished front rooms, $1 50 to $2 a
week; sunny rear room, $5 a month.
Sl.ssion street.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
XJ furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Montgomery Street.
_|1 Ca MONTGOMERY AVK.-NEWLY FUR-
• - tXO nished sunny rooms; bath; gas; reasonable.
Oak Street.
m OAK — NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
for 1 or 2; private family.
U'KaiToll Street.
1 99 O'FARRF.LL— SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
1 —— elegantly furnished; all conveniences: cen-
tral: $14.
Tq q O'FARRELL, BET. TAYLOR AND
rIOO Jones— House 9 rooms, bath; rent reduced.
i Q9Q O'FARRELr--NICE SUNNY ROOM FOR
t7_JO gentleman; $8.
Pino Street.
£91 PINE-ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN: $6
U_«X up; running water: gas; iuiet.
'Polk Street. ' ;]':■ ■ >'
1 7 POLK— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS:
X I double or single; $4 to $12: also housekeeping.
("ii Q POLK— ELEGANTLY-FURNISHED AL-
t/lO cove front sunny room; window: new
carpets and furniture; suitable for 2 young men;
also, handsomely furnished single rooms; reason-
able; gas; bath.
1 1 qq POLK, COR. SUTTER— 2 SUNNY BAY-
XX OO window rooms, new building.
Post- Sir«et.
1 qA j POST — VERY DESIRABLE WELL-
OU 1 furnishe-1 roouih: single or en suite: bath ;
breakfast if desired; fine location; reasonable. .
I oneil Street..
99' POWELL. COR. GEARY— 3 FURXISHED
— '— rooms for offices or housekpg; ground floor.
Ii uss Street.
Sanchez Street.
*-\ SANCHEZ — Nlck ROOM; $4: GAS:
_ 1. bath; board optional.
Sansorne Street.
Ql SAXSOME, XEAR BROADWAY— FINE
OIU sunny furnished rooms: $3 month and up-
ward.
~ Scott Street.
1 1 q /SCOTT ST.-2 LARGE CONNECTING
110 rooms furnished for housekeeping.
Silver Street.
QQ SILVER-DOUBLE AND SINGLE ROOMS,
00 furnished.
Sixteenth Street.
QA9/» SIXT E E Tit — 2 FURNISHED
O\J—:\) housekeeping rooms; sunny front; $10;
other rooms, $4.
Stevenson Street.
r/^1 STEVE NSOX — FURNISHED ROOM
i)UI suitable for 2 gentlemen: $5 a month.
utter ! treet.
7Q9 SUTTER-3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
• O—t light housekeeping.
HE ALEXANDRIA,-- 781 SUTTER-ELE- ;
Kant rooms; first-class dining-room: elevator. •.
I£l » SUTTER— . SUNNY ROOMS; GAS;
lUIO water; $8 and $10. ' ..
Taylor Street.
19Q TAYLOR— 3 SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
' — • ' bath: furnished or unfurnished.
1 A Q TAY AX ELEGAXT LARGE NEW-
X AO ly furnished frcnt parlor, reasonable.
A 1 A TAYLOR— FURXTsiiED BACK PAR-
_XU lor, suitable for lady, $9; modern .flat;
also single bed room; s?8: bath.
C 1 C TAYLOR — LARGE SONNY SUITE,
• 'It) price $28: gentleman only.
.X»>9 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
<)—— ny room for KenUenien; $7. • •
Tehanin Street.
1 CQ TEHAMA, UPSTAIR'— NICELY FUR-
xOO nished front room; cheap.
Third Srree.-
W INCH ESTER HOUME— 44 THIRD, NEAR j
»" Market: most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 par night; Xl 50 to $6 per week:
electric lights in every room: reading r*_u : nee bus.
■ Turk Street.
r_ip.TURK— A NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
OttO for gentleman: rent $8 per month.
Twelfth Street.
A TWELFTH ST.. COR. MARKET- 2 NICELY
/x furnished rooms; $7 and $,!.
Twenty-fourth Street. ■
9.11 O TWENTY-FOURTH— ROOMS;
■^"tXO $3 50 to $5 per month.
. - wonty-second Street. -
79 TWENTY-SECOND, XR. VALENCIA—
1 _iO large back parlor, newly furnished, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; a'so '2 furnished rooms' for
light housekeeping, reasou;ible. • ■
Van >es» Avenne.
9Q9 VAX NESS AYE.— NICELY FUR-
_,»)_, nished : front corner rooms and kitchen;
complete for housekeeping; also furnished rooms
for gentlemen. ..
Webster Street.
mWEBSTER-2 Oil 3 LARGE HANDSOME
rooms furnished or unfurnished.
. M.IBC- ej___n o us.
SA UBAL IT O —FINE VIEW; LARGE
grounds; single or more: whole floor If desired.
BUTLER, Shiloh. south Sausallto. . ; '; V
TRICTLY PRIVATE — TO. RENT, FUK-
O nished, 2 lovely sunny rooms, suitable for gen-
tleman and wife; best of references given and re-
quired. Address S. R., box 49, Call Office.
IpULTON- HOUSET- OPP. CITY lI ALL-FUR-
ntshed rooms, single and suites; $8 and sl6, up.
pORKER BAY-WINDOW SUNNY SUITES,
suitable for doctors or dentists. Grand Southern,
SE. tor. 7th and Mission: elevator: moderate rates
BICXCXJtS*
PARK CY^ERY^NEw"WHEELS~TO~iiETT
X best accommodations. Terminal Gm-7, M»
AlliAter and Powell st. car une* ' ■
BOARDING AM> ROOMS.
TTT^rirY^E^U^JSTY^uTT^O^nKO^i^
X^rlZi with board, $50; marine view. «y
iCQQ ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
000 rooms, parlor floor, with board. - '
9QQ HYDE— LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
£UO large grounds; extra table.
Q94 GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNN 7
y£~t rooms, suitable for gentlemen, with board.
ro'nt ALCOVE SUITE, with excellent
X board for 2; reasonable. 710 Geary st.
GEARY— SUNNY FRONT SUITE, with
U*JO private bath, suitable for family; first-class
board: reasonable.
OOM AND BOARD FOR 1 OR 2 GENTLE-
men; widow's family. : 821 Mission st.
1 1 OQ BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
±'i-\JU room with best home cooking ; reference.
I 1 li TURK— REMODELED- NEWLY, FURN-
X 1. U Ished suites and single; first-class table board
■VTICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
i.' passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 76c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeier's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month,- at Hackmeier's Hotel.
TTACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
XX new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BEKTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
er-i conveniences. • •
OIiiLBKES IJDAKDKIj..
NlC^^ol^^^R^^THlL^li^T^MUSlc",
elocution: close to good school; «10 per
month. Box 23, Golden Gate, Alameda County.
13ESPECTABLE WIDOW AND DAUGHTER
Xv wish small children to board; speak fine
French, German and ' English; pleasant, sunny
home, near public school: easy terms; good refer-
ences. Call or address M. V., 28 Collingwood st-,
off Castro, near Eighteenth.
UIET HOME FOR INFANT; MOTHER'S
tender care; 2 ladies; no other children. Call
or address E. H.. 1636 Grove st.
STORIiS TO LET.
Haolsu^rTiirß^NT^^
«J-'O nished or unfurnished ; suitable for office or
studio.
HOP ROOM; '25x60; WITH OR WITHOUT
power. 1620 Mission st.
PPOSITE PALACE HOTEL — TO LET—
store and basement: north line Market St., bet.
Kearny and Montgomery (with 5 years' lease) ;
rent cheap. , Apply at once to O'FARRELL & CO.,
II Montgomery st.
9-STORY HOUSE; 8 ROOMS; NEAR MAIL
£ dock; store fixtures. 268 Braunan st.
TORE WITH ROOMS. 616 GEARY, NEAR
Taylor st.
£.991 SIXTH— STORE, 3 ROOMS, LARGE
«J— — '2 yard; for business and family; rent $12.
A\ (' FOURTH— STOKE, WITH ROOM
T;i.U in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN .ft CO.. 14 Montgomery st
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICES AND ROOMS TO LET— THE "AL-
exandna," 781 Sutler St.: light, beat, hot and
co.d water and elevator service free; first-class
dining-room in building. Apply on premises or to
WILL E. FISHER «fc CO., 14 Post St. •
QPP.ECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny oilices: low rent; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
ing or G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
A L I fA~s"AFE~D EFdSIT~B U Tld7 NG—
\J Ollicfs $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM. '
ASTEKBROOK BUILDING, 20 AND 24
Geary st.: very central; modern offices: ele-
vator: electric lights; cheap. Apply room 32.
PlA>ov. \"\iiCi"%<i ETC.
eoj7kan~Tn first-class order, in^
eluding 15 rolles of music, at a bargain. Utah
and Nevada sts.
\TK\V UPRIGHT PIANO ATA GREAT SACRI- I
i.l flee. 614 Willow aye., bet. Eddy and Ellis s:s. j
G?Q^ piano; good CONDI 1 .
«3>Oc). SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St., next lii-
bernia Bank. •
CpTK WhBER PIANO: FIRST-CLASS CON-
« 3? •O. dition; few days only. 71Q34 Post st.
XL YOU WANT IS VALI-'E FOR YOUR
money; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autobarp $6; the rive-
bar autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the nrtze-winner guitar
$3 25: solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, inaho;any, oak, $187; one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market, si., Spreck-
el's building.
<Jj C MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— I NEW
«ptJ Emerson rosewood upright; 3 pedals and
folding cover: price $175. 418 Ellis, room 22.
PIaXOS— $90. ?100, SO; GREAT BAR-
X gains. MAUVAIS' 769 Market st.
A SHAW, $425: 2 STEIN WAYS, »215. $195:
Sommer,, *185; squares, $25, $55: rents .$2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE,' 136 Ellis st.
ELEBKATED .HAINES BBtW., BUSH A
\J (ierts and Ki:abe p anos: being overstocked 1
Wholesale prices will ru during the next 30 days.
a. l. Bancroft & co., 324 post st., s. f.
* RRIVKD— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH- !
XX. grade T. I* Neumann pianos: prices aud terms
moderate. H. LUEDEHs, 83 Ninth si.
C»Q/k PIANO: FINE CONDITION. SCHMITZ, :
tJpt/U. 16 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
RE YOU DKSIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. MIEKMAN, CLAY & CO., Steimvay repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Sutler sts.
\WM. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
'» first Huor: sole agents Hallet & Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installment*.
% (WUI^UIiKTMUISICi CT. COPY. -BTAT-
£\J.\J\J\J HAM'S Piano btor.\ 106 McAllister st.
TEINWAY, $165; WEBErt,s2tSo; SMALL
O upright, if 80; bargains. BKUENN. 228 Post.
pON'OVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW:
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 331S Post st.
rAHICKEKING.KNABK, STECK.VOSK, STER-
.V-' ling pianos; see our new piano ;or$187; pianos
•or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farreli.
CJ. 17 r CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
«TpX I «J. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Nesi
KCKER BROS., STEINWAV, FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KuHLKR &
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell at.
ASY TERMS; LOW~PKICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs nnd other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
0 H. Mt'LLEIt. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THK
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
!>£<■ free. • . -
___ lIOKSES. ~~
F'^^ne^^oaloster^^for salic chTTap-
make offer. BIGGS, corner Van Ness aye. and
Locust aye. .
HOKSEAND EXPRESS WAGON; CHEAP;
on account of death. Apply Army and Fol-
sorn sis. , .
lj>Oß SALE CHEAP B FORE THE IST— ONE
L match span and one extra fine single family
horse. Address M.. box 107. Call Office.
,p OLD WATCH OR NEW SEW ING MACHINE
VT to trade for horse and buggy. E. H. CASE, 1505
Market st. . . .
IF YOU WAN'S TO BUY, SELL OR EX-
X change horsen, bngcles, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stnble, cor. Geary and ' Leavemvorth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. \V ATKINS, auctioneer.
SUNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
0 Horses, mules, wagons, t buggle.s and harness.
HORSES PASTURED: SKND FOR UIRCU-
Iar. ; The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.,
1 ST-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY . WATER
X and feed year round. G. W. LUCY. 302 Market st»
I CA SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAK-
-1 *J\J ness: all kinds; wagons, bugcies, horses and
scrapers; ; sand-wagons. ' 1128 Mission st. . v
R. C. H. WESTPUAL, VETERINARY SUR-
t;eon for S. F. Police Department. > Ollice and
hospital, 121 City Hal! aye.: telephone south 401.
Al l HORSES FOR SALE. ALSO W AGON I
■ "v buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade i I on*
Market, 327 Sixth st. auction sales every We"ne*-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. /
I \\(\ BETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; AL«
1 \t\J kinds; second-hand ; wagons, • buggy, , car;»; :
■lio 10 chean horses. Klfteentii anil Valencia 1: j.
.STOKAGS'
~\ BT^SITrH^UHNIYI^E^C^CrTsTELjTIS^
XI. . low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern' plan.
- H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
• reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, - ETC.
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 751 and 753 Market st.
A PPLYFOR RATES FOR STORING. FURNI-
x\. ture, etc. . SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market, v
TOKAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS, HOUSK-
; bold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
ILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
Storage: low rates : I telephone I South 762. I
ATTOK^JSYS-AT-LAJV^^
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS a ; speci-
x\. ally; private; no charge unless successful; all,
law suits, 1 claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.
M: J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY- AT - LAW. . 719
. . Market st. : advice free.' -.. : ;.- . ■ ;. \t? 'J.
.J. MURRAY, ATT Y AND HE LOR AT
. : law: ' advice free. 24 Sixth : st., rooms 14, 15. f
,nr W. DAVIDSON. ATTORN EY -AT-LAW,4M
»T. California rma. 14-15: adTicefro*
ftrBTW~H^l^CHAr_C~«*. }_* :^
FINE SALOON ACROSS~THE"^AY; 6 FUR-
nishedrms.; bargain. HEGARTY.IOO4 Market.
ffl» OAA CORNER GROCERY; BAR; LARGE
&OUU. fresh stock; living-rooms; good, steady
trade: must sell; positive bargain, HEGARIY,
1004 MarKet st. - .
£ .OAA A GREAT SACRIFICE: HOME
»rOUU. bakery; cheap at $500: doing business
of $15 day. proof given: choice location: rent only
$17 trial. BARRETT & SKIFF, 9:1 Market st.
rANT-D— TO INVEST $2000 IN A GOOD
VV -paying business. C. C. HICKOK & CO., 873%
Market st. -' _______——
ffiQnnn -wanted- a PARTY WITH from
«moUUU. $3000 to $5000 to join advertiser, who
is a practical man, in starting a coffee and rubber
plantation in Mexico; large profits can be made,
party need not . go there to live, but can have the
handling of his own money. Address Mexico, box
43, Call Office. .
ADVERTISER WILL INVEST COUPLE
hundred dollars to work paying gravel mi ue
with some honest working miner. Address Miner,
General Delivery Postofflce, West Oakland.
WELL ESTABLISHED WOOD, C 0.4 L, FEED !
»T and livery stable sickness. F., box le.jCall. ;
UTCHER-SHOP WANTED TO RENT, WITH
privilege to buy. : W.. box 2, Call Office. I
ANTE IO,OOO TO OPEN RICH GRAVEL
VV mine for 14 interest. Z.. box 31, Call Office.
1/OR SALE-NEAT CANDY STORE; CLEARS
X $76 month; selling cheap for cash. 1535 Polk.
OR SALE - DRUGSTORE IN OAKLAND;
' an exceptional chance to secure a first-class
stand at a low figure; must be disposed of prompt-
ly. Apply to LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO.. 34-
-40 First st., San Francisco.
fflOKn COMPLETE RESTAURANT OUT-
X UV/. fit good as new; bargain. D. McRAE,
831 Mission st. t
PAYING HOME-BAKERY IN GOOD CORNER
X in Western Addition: good reasons for selling;
worth investigating; trial given. Address H. 8.,
box 110, Call Office.
aRTNER WANTED FOR CARIBOO. AD-
dress Placer Miner, box 63, Call Office.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A Busi-
ness tor cash quick see T. J. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye. . ______'
p OOD EVENING ROUTE FOR SALE. CALL
\J at 338 Green st. .___
p OOD PA ING BUSINESS, SUITABLE LADY
VJT or gentleman; will exchange for city property;
would rent to right party; sniail capital reouired ;
bear investigation; no agents. Boom 29, Ablborn
House. Grant- aye. . :
a>rrr(\f\ BEST PAPER ROUTE IN TOWN
tj{) I O\)\J. for sale, or will subdivide. Address
Route, box 131. Call Office. ' - '
T7«OR SALE-BUTCHERING BUSINESS, WITH
X? fixtures and lease, If required, in Alatneda
County; must be sold, as the proprietor has busi-
ness elsewhere; a splendid chance for the right
man. Address B. A., box 146, this office.
CiQflA MILK BUSINESS; ESTABLISHED
«JpOl/U. 1878: 14 cans, fine trade, 3 horses,
wagon, buggy, etc.: also 5 fresh thoroughbred
cows, producing 6 cans daily; sell with or without
cows; fine house and grounds; rent. sls; clears
$100 monthly; sickness cause. 421 Eighth aye.,
near Point ixiboa. ■;
U> ] 9-: COFFEE PARLORS AND BAKERY
«Jp I_«J. fixtures: cost $260; a bargain and must
be sold. Apply 1200 Webster st.
MANAGING PARTNER TO HANDLE VAL-
uable proprietary patent, Unit d states and
English patents: no competition: large sales now.
immense protits; equal investment; owner has
other business. Address O. H., box 5, Call Office.
©900 YOUNG LADY WISHES GENTLE-
tS)£\J\J . man as partner In agoocl-paying restau-
rant Id heart of city, taking in $15 to $20 a day
and can be increased : lady is a good cook and
takes charge of kitchen, and would like to get gen-
tleman to take in the cash and oversee the dining-
room. Inquire Olymp, 333 Bush St.
41: I lOh GENERAL PRODUCE BUSINESS:
Up 1 lU<'. well established; fine location: good [
profits: doing trade with best people; satisfactory
reasons for selling. STANLEY ,21 Va Third st.
HOKJIAKER-SHOP FOR SALE. 406 Va Mc
Allister st.
<_ l -it U)(\ RETAIL STORE ON MARKET
ii OUUU. St.; clearing $300 monthly. Particu-
lars, PIERCE, 22Kearny.
CO (>Cn BLACKSMITHING, HORSESHOE-
<I?XUtJU. ing business; clears over $100 per
month; includes lot, shop, tools, stock; owner go-
ing East. Owner, box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
PLUMBING BUSINESS FOR SALE; CHEAP.
X Inquire L. HASS & CO., Adeline station,
Berkeley.
IGAR AND NOTION STORE; STOCK AND
nxtures, 3026 Sixteenth st., bet. Mission and
Valencia.
■ fflj.'j X 000 THE LARGEST AND BEST-
«JJ> I O.yjyJxJ. paying beer grotto and restaurant;
cream of trade; monthly profits $1000: books
open for inspection. Address W., 1148 Sutter st.
TORK TO RENT IN ST. HELENA: 25x75;
shelving complete lor drugstore: good loca-
tion. Apply to GEO. W. FEE, at. Helena.
ANTED — PARTNER; NO WILDCAT
"» scheme. Inquire 4115 Eighteenth st., near
Castro; no agents. ' : .
Tdv, WITH $50, DESIRES GENTLEMAN
J partner, country business. 12 Mason, room 2.
ANTKD-PARTNER WITH $300, TO OPEN
»* a popular place of amusement; best location
in city; fine opportunity to make big money. Ad-
dress W. H., box 121, Call Office.
■~\\rOR~KING PARTNER: RESTAURANT;
'» small capital; good' order. 8., box 46, Call.
TV" ANTED— AN ACTIVE, KEEN BUSI-
! '* ness man with $2500 to take an interest in
[ the King of all slot machines; actually deals cards;
not 1 but 20 can play at once: $2000 a month
sure profit; money wanted to manufacture ma-
chines. Address D. C. box 136, Call Office.
lIOKSTORE— EST. 14 YEARS; FINE BUSl-
ness: full net tools: machinery: reason for sell-
ing, death of owner. 11 "6 Kentucky st., Potrero.
(5*9900 RARE OPPORTUNITY; A VERY
tjnj^Uv. good retail an i wholesale fancy gro-
ceries and delicacies store for sale on account of
sickness. 112 Third st.
TEADY, SOBER MAN WITH $500 TO BUY
half Interest in a good-paying butcher-shop;
take charge books, collections: butcher preferred.
Call at Saloon, 30 Fourth St., 10 to 11 a. m.
HELVING, COUNTERS, SHOWCASES AND
O stock of small bakery, $25. PHILBRICK,
2548 Folsomst.
/ i IVEN AWAY: FINE RESTAURANT: GOOD
vi business; on account of departure. Apply this
Office.
IyUTCHKRS; *550; I WANT TO LKAVE FOR
1) Alaska by April 15; best cash business in the
city. Address G. R., box 72, Call Office.
ffii'IUJBUVS THK BEST COFFEE AND
tiptJUv/ oyster parlor in city: owner must leave
In three days. Address A., box 16, Call Office.
A R-STO RE~7~GOb U~ LOCATION: MUST
\J sell on account of other business. Inquire 36
Eddy st.
pOALVARD FOR SALE; HORSES, WAGONS.
\J etc.; good trade: house rent free; long lease:
no agents. Apply at this office.
p OOD BRANCH BAKERY FORSALE. 2007
VI Fill more st.
ALOON AND BOARDING-HOUSE FOR SALE
cheap. 547 Howard st.
SINGLE EX PR RIG AND STAND
cheap; good chance ; must sell. 626 Fourth st.
RANCH BAKERY: FINE TRADE AND LO-
X> cation. Apply Call Office.
<5t 1 ROO GROCERY-STORE AND BAR:
»3)lOv/V/. centrally located. Address "Grocer,"
box 3, Call Office. . . --
RANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS, DAIRY PRO-
duce, etc.; doing a good business: can be made
to pay well ; for sale cheap. Inquire at 110 Sixth.
PHOTOGRAPH "GALLERY FOR SALE OR
X rent; good locality. Address "D," box 2. Call.
A MAN RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
/v wants to dispose of his first-class saloon. Ad-
dress M. R., box 131, Call Office.
piGAR-STORE WITH 3 FURNISHED ROOMS; J
\J laundry office attached. 417 Hayes st.
PESPONSIBLE PARTY WANTS TO RENT
XV a job or newspaper outfit in city, with privi-
lege of buying within six months; bust of usage
guaranteed. Address Printer, box 73, Call Offi c.
<&JfinO OLD ESTABLISHED RETAIL'
tjP'iV/UU. business Market st., doing business
$11,000 a year; more than price in stock; good rea-
son for selling. A. 8., box 4tf, Call Office.
ft'-^A I'AtITNKRSHIP; GOOD PAYING
«Jp«J«JU. business; no experience required; clears
to each .$2O to $25 weekly; trial. 307 O'Karrell st.
L 1 ' HI RENT AT : ONCE— FIRST-CLASS DIN
X I ing-room and kitchen; all furnished; full of
boarders.: Apply 44 sixth St.
Phicken ranch for sale: cheap
\J rent; 1000 laying hens: 300 young chicKens;
horse and wagon harness: cow and tools, ln-
quira W. E. AKNDT. 529 Sixth St.
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY TO LET: $12 PER
X month; second floor; 18xC5. G. C. YOUNG,
Petal ii a. ■
fflj *} X(\ A BARGAIN— AND CHOP
<\r±**J\J. house; worth $500: owner going to
Alaska next mouth. Apply this office.
T\7a NTED— CASH PARTNER:; GOOD RE-
'» turns: : ■ excellent references; investigate.
LYNCH, 935 Market st. . . • , y -'
<2« c )~n FIRST-CLASS SALOON CHEAP;
fs?-*%J\J . must be sold this week: owner going
East. BILLY SHANNON, 209 Ellis St. T /;
(2> 9P;O yOR SALE— A CORNER SALOON
tJP^UV/. .with low rent, paid ' up until April 9;
owner must sell on account of other business. Ap-
ply LEMLE «fe CO., wholesale liquor dealers, 265
Third st. •;-.-?-. .. .-./.>-
T7IXPRKSS BUBINESS: 2 SINGLE WAGON
Xj stands; San some and Sutter. J. C. FREDER-
ICKS, propietor. - . ;-:■ - .
T7>OR sXIE^GOOD PAYING GROCERY BUSI-
-:X 1 ness on main business street, Oakland ; stock
new and well selected: will sell cheap; capital re-
quired, about $:000; will give time on part: a rare
chance to get into a well-established business. Ad-
dress box 6, Call Office. Oakland.. - •
OIINKR GROCERY AND • BAR; CHEAP;
) owner going away. 321 Twenty-fourth st.
TT<OR RENT OR SALE-A BLACKSMITH AND
X general jobbing shop, with tools and every-
thing complete: also dwelling-house, barn, wind-
mill, etc, standing on about one acre of I land cov-
ered with assorted, fruit-trees: the shop has been
run for over thirty years: place located in center of
the healthiest town in California: terms easy. - For
further particulars V inquire ■ of ALEXANDER
WATSON, Gilroy, Cal. -
BCSTTTKSS CHANCES— Continued.
ONE OF THE OLDEST AND BEST- PA VINO*
coffee saloons, connected with a bakery and
confectionery, centrally located, on one of the main
thoroughfares of this city, is 'for sale at a reasona-
ble price on account of the proprietor's withdrawal
from business. Inquire during office hours at the
law office Of FRANK SCHILLING, 608 Califor-
nia st.
PAYING BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY;
X splendid location. Address Business, box 3, this
office. " -. ■■ ■• .
©1 -7 X BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS;
tip LI O. rent $15; 3 rooms. Apply Call Office.
ALOON FOR SALE; LOW RENT; LONG
lease. Apply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific.
N OLD ESTABLISHED BUTCHER BUSl-
ness in one of the principal markets in this
city; owner desires to leave the city owing to 111
health. Address H. H., box 71, Call Office.
OOD PAYING SODA AND BOTTLE-BEER
business for sale in St. Helena. Apply 404 Mc-
Allister st. ■
ALF INTEREST IN 80-ROOM LODGING:
house and cigar store. E. 8., box 5, this office.
POALYARD FOX SALE; FOUR YEARS'
Aj lease. Apply 629 Halght st.
thirst-class SALOON IN western AD-
.D dltion: good trade from hall upstairs: low rent
Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN, 1071 Mis'
siou st., cor. Seventh.. - ■
OTEL, WITH BAR AND 34 ROOMS; ALL
occupied: north o! Market st.; run by present
owner 10 years; everything in good condition; is
cheap; forsale on account of departure from busi-
ness. Apply at 400 Bay St., cor. Mason, S. F.
PLENDID BTTSINr.SS OPPORTUNITY FOR
alive man: grocery and bar for sale, cheap- 9
living-rooms: rent only $20: good reasons. Apply
SCULLY & SON, 420 Sacramento st.
T>APER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEGRAPH
X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
LODGWG-UOiSJJS FOR BAI,_.
"T MTsplJcir&^oTe^^AßKETs^REETt
16 rooms, choice location $475
20 rooms, very finest corner, north Sacrifice
37 rooms, corner, well furnished $1200
72 rooms, Immense bargain, all rented $350
ROOMS~N EW FLAT ~'
— — CHEAP RENT
SUNNY SIDE OF STREET
Owner must leave the city; offer wanted.
65 rooms, clearing $200, only. $2000
60 rooms on Market St., new 4200
20 rooms on Fourth St., only 600
loroomson Taylor st ..'...... 750
45 rooms on Market st 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
"VTICE LODGING-HOUSE: 12 ROOMS; AC-
±\ count departure. 221 Minna st.
PO A IIDING-HO USE OF 15 NICELY FUR-
X) nished rooms in perfect order: all occupied;
17 to 20 boarders: reasonable. 508 Jessie st.ag
d> 000 11 ROOMS: KEARNY; CLEARS
OUU. $30; bargain. HEGARTY, 1004 Mkt.
1 Q ROOMS; NEW; PIANO; CENTRAL; PAY
XO big: sacrifice. HEG ARTY, 1004 Market st.
1 flft^ MARKET — GOOD-PAYING HOUSE;
IUUJ light sunny rooms; cheap, for cash.
■VTICELY FURNISHED HOUSE, 10 ROOMS;
— \ business portion city. Address E. 8., box 53,
this office. .-•-■•-
iUitNiTtdiK FOlt SALE.
r ricnr*xrLT£^uAcif~wi\^^
JL set, bed lounse, baby carriage and crib bed; all
nearly new: terms reasonable. Apply this week
at 810 Greenwich st.
TTiURNITURE 4 ROOMS AND HOUSEHOLD
JT goods; 2 roomers and 3 steady boarders will re-
main. 72HV2 Minna st.
p REAT BARGAIN— NEARLY NEW FURN'I-
\JT ture 18 rooms in storage. 139 Fourth, rm. 19.
LEG ANT FOLDING-BED. WITH MIRROR,
XLi at a sacrifice. 7 City Hall aye.
\TICE NEWLY FURNISHED 8-ROOMED
-Li flat, bath; one block from Market st.on Larkln:
rent $35 a month, including water; furniture cost
$450: sell for $'J75; rare chance; investigate. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BKD-
• ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission.
IRE SALE !
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets .........$lB 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard.. 55
Matting, peryard vVHO
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN.
Af\f\ CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14;
rt\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed- ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 113 4th.
A ROOMS fURNITURE, NEW $75
x .bed lounges trimmed with plush $5 53
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
Knclish Linoleum, laid 400 up
Window shades in s colors : 25c up
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market St.. opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
cakplst cleaning.
6^e^^co." % ~cXrTeT^~cTeTning^and
t) renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJ Ing works: latest Improved machinery 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
/CARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; KE-
\J laid, 5c per yard. S. STRATTON, 18 Eighth.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
tIng, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO.. successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
• ovating works. 453 Stevenson: t«l. south 228.
WHEN YOU i BECOME DISGUSTED WITS
"" poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PloneetOac-
pet Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama: teL So-40.
/ IONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORK- 334
* ' Ufildi-n Gate aye.: telephone cast 12a
for sale- miscellaneous.
ine^cartTsuit a bleTfor . NEWSPAPER
carrier. Apply 1419 Octavia st., beu 12 and 1.
CASH REGISTERS — LATEST DESIGNS:
self-adding; highest grade; get prices. 120
Sutter st., room 9. ;
GGS; THOROUGHBRED FOR HATCHING;
Leghorns, $1 per 13: Brahma. Cochins, Ply-
mouth Rock, Minorcas, Andalusian, Spanish
Houdan, Wyandottes, Hamburg, $1 50; G. Poland
and bantams. 1". KRAUS, 1031 McAllister st.
FOR SALE CHEAP; FINE COMBINATION
pool and billiard table. Apply 1710 Market st.
TTERY ANTIQUE AND ELEGANT MA-
V hogany sideboard; very rich and choice. M.,
box 140, Call. .
IGH-GRADE 1895 WHEEL, A BARGAIN;
XX leaving State: must sell. Call lower flat 31
Everett St., near Third and Howard.
ARGAIN— TWO THOROUGHBRED JER-
I J sey cows, one newly calved, other due In six
weeks; examined by Veieriuary surgeon Board of
Health. Apply Monday, 1524 Waloat St., Alameda.
MEDICAL BATTERIES. ...-
MEDICAL BATTERIES.
N. W. MALLERY, 111 and 112 Crocker building.
LARGE SHOWCASES VERY cheap;
large coal-oil stove, oven and carpets. 1804
Devisadero St.
POCKER SPANIELS, BEAUTIFUL PETS,
\J grant hunters. CaRLTON, 2306 Sutter st.
<3M .^O TANDEM, ALMOST NEW. «85 CASH.'
<3>X«JVJ Call R. G. ZAUN, 113 Davis st.
VOCXG HOLSTKIN. COW; MILKS 18
1 quarts^ 828 Church sU
LOP. SALE— FRESH MILCH COW AND CALF
X at 5 0 Pennsylvania aye.
fTIHOROL'GUBRED BLACK MINOCA EGGS,
X $1 per 15; Mongolian pheasants, $15 per trio.
J. J. TOMPKINSON, 2029 San Antonio aye.,
'Alameda. _
OLID OAK LIBRARY-TABLE, LITTLE
used. In exchange for walnut dining-table, new
style. L., box 57, Call Office.
Pi OK SALE— PHOTOGRAPHIC OUTFIT, IN-
\F cludins; camera, Dallmeyer's rect lens and In-
stantaneous shutter, portrait and cabinet lent,
printing frames. . C, 9"i6 Taylor aye., Alameda.
pOUNTER, GOOD AS NEW, 3 OFFICE
\Jchairs and screen; .cheap. 121 Post St., room **.
INK LARGE FIRE-PROQF SAFE, CHEA ;
-T Rood Sohmer. square piano. Call 811 Golden
Gate aye. _
l i -'i- v BISMARCKIAN BOAR HOCND
r (Danish), 2 years old ; gentle. 811 Goldenj ;
DYNAMO ENGINE, BOILER AND A LOT OF
tools, cheap. 616 Mission. .
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FUKNi*
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro- ■
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
TERI.ING "BICYCLE. BUILT LIKE A
O watch; terms easy. D. N. HAWLEY,gIB Mkt.
I OAR OUTFIT. MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
D scales, etc.: cheapest. . MEEK. 1118 Mission.
TTSE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH-
*J bitters In market: buy your wines, liquors, etc^,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: free delivery city. Oak"
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN & SCHt'RMANN,
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone re 381.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER SASHES
XJ doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. I 116t> Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND .LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 1 09. 11l Marlcet st.
Li IRE AND BURGLAR sXi '■■' -LETTER- :
X press, platform scales and desk :cbeap. 103 Clay.
TVTEW RANGES CHEAPER TBAN SECOND-'
i> hand. W. 8. RAY Mfg Co.. 13 California st.
pOUNTER 8, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
< ■' bought and «old 11211^ Market bet. 7th and
BUILDIXG AND LOA.N A *> OCI ATIOM
pONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN AS;
\J sooiation— Home office, 222 Sansome st., 8 IT,
, General savings & loan business- i'-d E. HUI, Pp.*,
■ OliTer £ldridge V.Pr.; W cor»m. Sec«tOe_M%a :
For Additional AdVertisemen ts see Page 13CITY RKAX ESTATE.
ILHOBIfiER. LOUIS A. sore.
f . A. SOLC & CO.,
JJ. — —
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BHOKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As ive make a specialty of Mission property and
are ri'- hi on the spot, we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once.
Ol 7*; A 26x100; YORK ST., NEAR 'JOTH;
O-L I OU. coitr.ee 4 rooms: stable and driveway.
©00-n 25x125; DIAMON I>* I'.,NR. 20TH :
!>Z.OOV. modern bay-window cottage, 4 rooms;
bath; laundry: part of "basement finished: cheap.
r.n:A,| 25x114; FORD ST.. NR. CHURCH ;
.7 l _i»U I . bay-window cottage; arooiiis; bath;
««8J 26x125: CHATTANOOGA ST.. KB.
>_ItUW. 224; cozy cottage o rooms; bath;
perfect order; fine garden. __
C-OAAd SAN CARLOS AX " NR. 19TH-
>,)UU". 2-story house: 5 rooms; bath; street
work all done and accepted. __
■■■ mil 26x 00:' FLORIDA ST., NR.24TH—
«J^Oo:*'U. modern bay-wlDdow flats, 4 and 5
rooms; bath; laundry; in perfect order.
.->--/» 25x105: DORLAND, TO REAR
>.)<»'V. street: bay-window house: 7 rooms,
bath; all in perfect order; good value at $45 J0.
C? |-,|ii 25x90: GUERKERO ST., NEAR
i''''''> I9;b: modern bay-window cottage; 5
rooms, bath, laundry; a cozy home.
<•-"! i\i\t) OXE OF THK BE T business
O-i'.vul'. corners In the Mission; lot 65x
100; 2-story buiidiiiK,: containing 3 stores and .4
rooms: 3 Hats, 5 rooms. and bath each; 2 bay-
window coitases, 5 rooms and bath; all in Al or-
der; renting lor $2830 per annum.
<\ 9 000 V uK - OCTERREROASJ)BOTH-
«u 1_ '"'•,'. Lot 76:6x105: elegant bay-win-
dow use: 8 rooms, bath; salon parlors- large
grounds and stable. Look at this and make
AN OFFER. AS IT MUST GO.
<">"l(l() 25 *114;--20TH ST., Mi. VALEN-
*~ ..'«iv'\'. Cla: bay-window house; 8 rooms,
bath; ?H.>oo can remain on mortgage.
QH( 100 SOxi l*: LIBERTY ST., NR. GUEB-
,_ \j\t\j\j. r ro . bay-window house: 8 rooms, ',
bath, laundry; Nob Hill of the Mission; rand i i
view.
■||A VALENCIA ST.. NR. 20TH; \OT
tv KJtJV\J. '_'5x90; bay-window house, 8 rooms
anq bath: conia at small cost be convened into
baslnesa property.
<">^(Wk BARTLETT ST., THROUGH TO
COOVjyj. alley; 30x117:6: modern 2-story
:.ouse, 8 rooms, bat.'i. laundry; heaters through
house: all in Al order; stable for 3 horses; a splen-
did home.
A F ; EW VACANT LOTS THAT MUST GO. '
50x125; Diamond st., nr. 20th: $1400.
25x114: ISih St., nr. Church: ?ioou.
27xfe$; Church s:.. nr. 17th; $1800.
26x90: .'Sd St., nr. Sanch-z; $950
25x100: Chenen st., nr. 30th: #650.
30:9x117:6: Mission, near 24th; $4100.
V5x114; 27th st., near Guerrero: $1000.
25x100: Noe st., near 21th; $1000.
26x178: Mission, through to san Jose; 53200.
Our list comprises some of the best property in
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home-
steads: also good business corners in any part of
the Mission: call and g.H a list and prices."
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
1.. A. SOC< it CO., 405 and 467 Valencia st., near
Sixteenth.
HlKktlV \L..
\ NEW I'ROCE ss— KO MEDICINE, ISSTBX7-
-'V ment or worthless pills used : every woman her
own physician for all lemale troubles, no matter j
from what cause: restores always in one day: ■
helped at once; can be sent and used at home; all
cases guaranteed: if you want to be treated safe
and sure call on DIl. POPPER and MI'.S. DB.
NAIL, boss specialists, 318 Kearny st.
RS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE, CURES ALL Dis-
eases of the. womb, paralysis, rheumatism,
dropsy, liver and kidney troubles, rualuria, cancer,
tumors; cure Guaranteed. 230 Clara su
EPUTABLJi PHYSICIAN WILL TAKE ONE
It lying-in patient at his residence: one able to
pay, secrecy aud conscience. Doctor, box 140, Call, j
"1 CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
-Lj ny royal Pills (Diamona Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable: take no other; send -ic. stamps for
particulars, ••Relief lor Ladles," in letter by return
mail; at druc;c.sts Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Fa.
"PROF. C. A. TYRKELL'S WONDERFUL -'J.
-I B. L. Cascade' 1 treatment cures all £iseaies by
removing the cause. R. JACKS, agt, 211 Brannan.
* LL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
-iTi. stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at !
any time; travelers helped at once: home in. con-
tineme. a: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
XV from irregularities ana diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment: j
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them :
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit '
the times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis- !
pensary. 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank; I
consult free. DR. <£ MRS. DAVIS' French regu-
lating pills, $2 50.
V a i : . ; i ) l■ s " SILVER COMBINATION ELEC-
■IV- trie belts; sure cure for rheumatism, kidney
troubles, indigestion, other diseases. 319 Keumy
St., upstairs.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
reeularity in one day; cure, cr no charge; separate
borne tor patients-.' beat skill: medical attend- !
lice: low lees; regulator, ¥2. 1370 Market su
t HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth st.,Alameda.
* IjPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON" TO
J\. ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger; j
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay i
until too late. OSUOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
R, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
'Jones. I/iseases of women and children.
"I ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
\-l ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fail: i
£1 per box. WIDBER'3 drugstore, 14 Ellis it.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sis., sole acents.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
tsses. from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DX. GWYER. 228 Tort st.
"\ | );>. DR. WfiUESEE; PRIVATE HOME IN i
-'i confinement: irregularities cured In a few
boors without operation; pills 2. 419 Eddy st.
11 IRREGULAR OH ANY FEMALE DISEASB
see Mrs. Dr. I'uetz. and be contenL -54V<i 4 th.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS —
- \ WEEKLY CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
bJE\VI>"li MACUI>KS.
(JWC UPWARD; RENT 91 50 to~sT~ i
f^fJ monthly; repairing 25c; bousht and ex-
changed; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth su
\ LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHaNGE"ST j
.^V.' rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. i
U.GAI. • NOTICES.
/^irYjlrXNDjcobxT y,;- tr^asury^ -, has
\J Francisco. March 21. 1896.— 1n compliance
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of i
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880. there will be sold at public aution by E. fct.
Spear A- Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896. at 10 o'clock
a. M., sundry articles of bt. len. lost and unclaimed :
properly recovered by the police force of san
Francisco, as detailed in an inventory thereof on
file in the oltice of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,- 1
pistols, knives, etc. Open for inspection on morn- I
Ing of sale. A. C. WIDBER,
:.. - - ...:;- City and County Treasurer.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE sTaTE
of California in and for the City and County of '
Ban Francisco. Department No. 10. ;
In the mutter of the application for voluntary |
dissolution of '-The san Vsidro Investment Com- |
pany" (a corporation). Notice, of hearing. No. i
13.948.
Notice is hereby given that The San Ysldro In- ;
vestment Company, a corporation formed under '
the laws of the State of California, has presented j ,
to the Superior Court of the State of California in '
and Tor the C'ty and County of San Francisco an
application praviug to be dissolved, and that ■
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1886, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon, '
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
In and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall, San Francisco, California, are ■
appointed as" the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard.
In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
V'thdayof Marcu, ccimy> coumy aeA
[4eaJ I < • P- CT/BKT, County Clerk.
1 J By WM. H. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy Connty Clerk and ex-oQiclo Deputy Clerk
of "the Superior Court. ,
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners.
TV TBS SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
1 of California, in and for the City and County of
san Francisco. Department _No. 10.
ID the matter of the a pplicat'on for voluntary I
dissolution or "The Dinsmore Water Company" ■
?a corporation). Notice of hearing:. No. 13.949. •
Notice Is hereby Riven that The Dinsmore Water !
Company; a corporation formed under the laws of
the (State of California, has presented to th- Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in and for the
City and County of San Francisco an application
praring to be dissolve.l, and that MONDAY the
20th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
am of that day, or ns soon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and the courtroom of department No
lOof 'said Superior Court in and for the city and
County of San Francisco, in the hew Civ Hall,
Ban Francisco. Cal., are appointed as the time
and place at which said application will be heard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12thda, of Starch, UK CCRRy> County aerk .
[Beal.J By WM. R. A JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-offlcio Deputy Clerk
of the Minerior Court. Attorney for Peti-
UmNaJ.D Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Petl-
A Man Slashed With a Razor.
At an early hour this morning Policeman
Aitkenoi the harbor police discovered a man
1 ing in an unconscious condition on East
BtrjMt
On close examination he found that the
I -tratc man was terribly slashed all over the
The clothes were saturated with blood
ai ;"n was evident that death whs not far oil.
victim of iome fiendish asauwin vu
hurriedly removed to the Receiving Hospital.
He was cat from one ear far down the neck ;
another deep cut extended across the breast,
and till another in the abdomen.
B tirht hand was almost severed from the
inn, and it was thought he could not live
long. His assailant escaped.
Interesting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
TO PREVENT COLD FEET.
Mayor Davie Given a Unique
Task by the Board of
Works.
SEEKING A HEALTHY FLOOR.
The Prisoner in an Iron Cell Is so
Warm That He Upsets All
Calculations.
Oakland OpnrE Sax Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, March 28. f
The matter of keeping the feet of prison
ers warm and at the same time maintain
ing a healthy floor at the City Prison is
now being investigated by the Mayor, who
was appointed a committee of one for that
purpose by the Board of Public Works.
The Health Board has demanded that
something should be done with the
noisome place and the City Engineer and
the Mayor have commenced a series of ex
periments to determine how to best recon
cile a humane feeling with hygienic rule?.
Engineer Wilson objects to a cement
floor because it would be cold for the pris
oners' feet. Mr. Peirsol rather favors bitu
men, while the Mayor says the hole be
neath the lioor should be filled up and
cement placed on top. Mr. Davie seeks
durability, Mr. Wilson comfort and Mr.
Peirsol wants the cheapest. Councilman
Bassett interjected an opinion at the meet
ins; of the board that if the lioor was cold
the prisoners could put on their socks. He
said the prisoners had no right to expect a
comfortable prison and should not be
there anyway.
Mayor l'avie made an inspection of the
floors of the cells to-day. He questioned
all the prisoners about the comfort of their
feet, and compiled some data, upon which
he is figuring. Some of the prisoners had
not given the matter a thought, and
| strange to say the man who said he had
! very warm teet was in a cell built of iron
and with a metal lioor. As the city's
chief executive officer went from cell to
ceil to inquire about prisoners' feet he
"•l< urt'd some strange answers.
"I am not prepared to say at present
what report I shall make to the board,' 1
said the Mayor, '-but although 1 do not
believe in making a prison as comfortable
as a notel I think we should be humane.
It appears like a trivial matter, but 1 do
not so regard it.
'•It is not merely a matter of cold feet,
but of the general health of the prisoners.
If it were simply a question of warmth
for prisoners' lower limbs I should feel
that it is a subject of importance. I know
how hard it is for some people to keep
their feet warm under the most favorable
cin-umstances and I have some sympathy
for people troubled with mid feet — even
prisoners.''
POLITICAL EQIALITY.
The Eastern Suffragists to Hold Xeigh
borliood Meetings.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 28.— The Politi
cal Equality Club has begun the cam
paign in favor of the adoption of amend
ment Ho, 11 in dead earnest. With the
mass-meeting in the Tabernacle Thursday
the work was inaugurated, but now come
the neighborhood meetings which are for
the purpose of arousing c great interest
among the women themselves. Next
week's work is planned as follows:
Tuesday evening ut the house of Mrs. J. C.
Campbell, Twelfth and Chestnut streets.
Wednesday afternoon at the house of Mrs.
Archibald Borland, Prospect avenue and Web
ster Btn •
Wednesday evening at the house of Mr. and
Mrs. John L. Howard. Vernon Heights.
Thursday atternoon at the house of Mrs.
Henry Yrooman.
Thursday evening at the house of Mr. and
Mrs. 1). \V."C. Guskill.
Miss Yates. Miss Shaw, Miss Anthony
and Mi?s Hay will be present and address
each of these meetings, to whicli the public
in general are invited.
A Bond in Dispute.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 27.— When the
Gier-Kreuper slander suit was filed in
court a short time ago Kreuger filed a
bond with F. N. Barney and J. R. Drury
as sureties. They both qualified in the
sum of $WOO. Gier objected to the sureties
and asked for an examination. Barney
DOW cktims that he never qualified in any
amount and that the signature is a forgery.
The signatures were acknowledged before
Notary A. 0. Holman, who said to-day :
'•Yes; I drew up the bond in my office
and had Kreuger sign it. I then notified
him to secure two bondsmen who would
swear tliey were worth $1000. It took him
some time to look after the matter, and
one day, when I was at the Sheriff's office,
I was introduced to Mr. Drury and told
these word?: 'Here are the bondsmen.' 1
didn't wait to 'cc the signatures, but there
were none on the paper before that time.
1 went to my office after they had started
to sign, ami left instructions to send 'the
bond to me and I would acknowledge it,
which I did. I don't know either of the
f-ipners, for I never saw them before."
Barney declares he never signed any
bond in the Sheriff's ofiice. He did sigh
one in a coalyard at Eighth and Market
streets, with the understanding that it was
to be stricken off the morning following.
Still Fighting for Freedom.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 28.— Attorney
Nusbaumer has not relaxed his efforts to
secure the release of Andrew Root, charged
with being an accomplice in the gold brick
swindling. As predicted in to-day's Call
he applied for the third writ of" habeas
corpus on behalf of his client to-day, and
was successful in securing it before Judge
Ogden. who made it returnable Monday at
2 P. M.
The petition states that the charge is the
same as that upon which he was released
by Judge Frick. and that there is no new
evidence upon which to base a new charge.
Hence there is no more probable cause
than in the last case.
Root appeared in the Police Court to
day to be arraigned upon the charge of
grand larceny. He was represented by
George \V. Ileed, the partner of Nus
baumer, who asked that the case be con
tinued until Monday to be set. This was
allowed and Koot went below.
Remembered by Friends.
OAKLAND, OiJU, March 28.— School-
Director George J. W. Btar,k, who has just
been elected president of the West Oak
land Improvement Club, was presented
with a kodak camera last evening by a few
of his many friends.
He came down street early during the
evening to attend a committee meeting,
leaving his wile alone. The friends called
and hurriedly decorated the house with
sniilax, evergreens and roses, which made '
a beautiful appearance. When Mr. Stark
reached home he hardly recognized his
own home. The occasion was nis birth
day and was enjoyed by all. Suitable re
freshments were served during the even
ing.
r.liixl Men to Entertain.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 28.— Three
blind men, Messrs. V. J. Cooper, phrenolo
gist; Frank Jacobs, vocalist, and Henry
Foster, violinist, have arranged an enter
tainment for the Y. W. C. A. Home next
Friday evening.
Eacu U well known in Oakland and
will undoubtedly attract a large audience.
Mr. Cooper will examine the heads of any
of the audience, while the others will fur
nish good niubic for the occasion.
Banks Badly Wanted.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 28.— An at
tempt was made to-day to introduce the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1890.
transcript •of the testimony of Officer
Banks by the prosecution in the Ah Sing
bribery case. In ordfr to ao so they have
to prove that Banks is out of the State,
and as he left unknown to any one it is
hard to establish the fact as to where
abouts. It is claimed by some that Banks
had good inducements to leave, while
others thought he escaped to avoid charges
of perjury.
The Boy Burglars.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 28.— The attor
neys for the boy burglars — Robert Ash,
Joaquin Pacheco and Frank Dallaroca—
asked Judge Wood to dismiss the charges
against the boys this morning at their
preliminary . examination in the Police
Court. They claimed that each was under
14 and it was their first offense. Their pa
rents promised to keep them out of any
more such scrapes if released. The Judee
thought' they • belonged in the reform
school, but after the officers had detailed
the evidence against them he took the
matter under advisement until Monday. *■
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cat.., March 28.— Monday
night Anna Eva Fay begins a four nights'
engagement at the Macdorough. Much
interest is manifested in tne performances
of this extraordinary woman and large at
tendance is assured.
The week of April 6 two of the greatest
attractions which have come to .the coast
wHI appear at the Macdonough— Hoyt's
brilliant military satire, "A Milk White
Flag" and Henderson's spectacular extrav
aganza, "Sinbad "' The sale of seats for
"A Milk White Flag" opens next Thurs
day.
Dr. Wooli»y'» Hay.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 23.— Dr. E. H.
Woolsey caused the arrest of William lie-
Clintock, John Spencer and Hugh Gray
yesterday on the charge of petty larceny.
The doctor had some grass growing upon
his vacant lots which these men were in
the act of cutting ana carting away.
As the doctor failed to appear in the
Police Court this morning to swear to a
complaint the men were discharged.
The Mormon Choir.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 28.— Mor
mon Tabernacle choir of Salt Lake City
will appear at the tabernacle on April 14
in a concert. They number 200 singers and
have about 100 friends with them.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alaineda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway, March 23. i
Judge Greene has affirmed the judgment of
the Police Court in the cases of the People
against N. Noe, J. Marshall and John Harper.
Maud L. Mann, who is suing for a divorce
from Fred J. Mann, has had an order issued re
straining him from disposing of any of his
property. ■Jiffli
Martin Bitterly was held to answer by Judge
Wood to-day on the charge of robbing Mrs.
Alma Wood worth's chicken-house. Bail was
fixed at $1000.
The suffrage ladies will attend the Kbell
lunch on Tuesday as guests of President Bun
nell. Mrs. Sargent, the well-known suffragist
of San Francisco, will also be present.
George Scan lan, an employe of the Fortin
Brick Company, was kicked by a horse last
evening and had his arm broken. He had the
fracture reduced by Dr. Legault at the Receiv
ing llnspital.
District Attorney Snook and Deputy Lew
Church went to view the scene of the shooting
of Felice Varni preparatory to the trial of
Ghirardelli, wbo is charged with murder. This
trial will come on April 7.
James O'Connell, who was charged by G. G.
Ylietwith malicious mischief, the complain
ant alleging O'Connell removed a surveyor's
monument from a lot, was discharged by
Judge Wood to-day.
Xymphas B. Bassett, a brother of Council
man J. If. Bassett, <iie ! this morning from the
effects of rheumatism. Up to about two months
ago he resided in Baisnn. The deceased was a
native of Indiana, aged 02 years.
F. D. Spencer has sued Richard Montgomery
as executor of the estate of Mary A. Mullikeii,
deceased, for $1020 wages of plaintiff's wife,
Margaret F. Spencer, at $S0 a month as house
keeper, nurse and business agent of deceased.
In the matter of the suit of J. T. Fleming Jr.
of Alameda to retain the Trustees of Alameda
for improving the electric-light plant of that
city, the demurrer of the defendant was over
ruled to-day, and the City Trustees allowed ten
days to answer.
l>avid 8. Hirshberg, grand recorder of the
Ancient Order of united Workmen, who has
been attending a meeting of the beneficial com
mittee of the Supreme Lodge at Meadville, Pa.,
where the order was organized, has returned
to this city. He reports a very satisfactory
!-'>sion and that much material was accumu
lated for a to the Supreme Lodge, to
meet at Chicago on June 17 of thib year.
Emma W. Halsey and Kate A. Halsey have
brought suit against the Covenant Mutual
Benefit Association of Illinois, a corporation,
to collect a *t<soOo policy on tne life of Dr.
Isaac .S. Halsey, deceased, which it is alleged
that the defendant has refused tojiay, although
all the conditions of the policy were complied
with, and <lue demand has been made for pay
ment. M. M. E.-u-e and Archie Borland are
attorneys for the plaintiff.
A CHURCH ANNIVERSARY.
Rev. Mr. Scudder's Congregation
is Seventeen Years
Old.
The Misses Pattison and McKeon to
Receive Medals for Life-
Saving.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 28.— The seven
teenth anniversary of the founding of the
First Congregational Church was cele
brated without ostentation in the church
parlors last evening. The church was
organized in a little hall over a stable on
Webster street, March 25, 1879, with eleven
members. There were at that time come
fifty other congregations in this State
exceeding it in number. Now, there Ere
but six nortn of Bakersfield. The present
membership numbers 315. The first pastor
was Rev. George Morris, who came direct
from the missionary fields of Tahiti. The
present pastor is Key. \V. W. Scudder, who
has ministered for twelve years. In his
address to his parishioners he called atten
tion to the need of more room to accom
modate the growing social and other work
of the church, and it is not improbable
that additions may be built to the edifice,
or the structure remodeled in the near
futi're.
Alameda Newi Notes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 28.— There is
talk of having a bicycle lantern parade
and entertainment in this city, to fake
place some time in May. Captain V. A.
Dodd of the Alameda Cyclers, is the gen
tlonian who proposes it and no doubt if it
meets with the approval of other clubmen,
will be a success.
Veterinary Inspector Dr. Thomas Car
penter met with a mishap in Oakland yes
terday afternoon. He wa9 thrown out of
his buggy at Thirteenth and Washington
Btreets and somewhat cut and bruised. He
will be around again in a day or so. One
of the wagons of the People's Express
Company was struck at First and Broad
way, Oakland, last night by the 6 o'clock
local from Alameda. The flagman at the
crossing did not notice that the wagon had
been caught between the rails and gave
the signal for the local to come ahead.
The result was a demolished front wbeel
and a horse so badly injured that it haa to
be shot. The driver, J. Berry, was thrown
from his seat, but not injured.
Elijah Clark appreciates genuine hero
ism and especially bo when two young
ladies appear as the rescuers of an almost
drowneu old man. He is endeavoring to
raise enough money by subscription to
purchase two medals and present them to
the Misses Pattison and McKeon, whoso
gallantly rescued from drowning an old
man named Baker a few weeks ago. Baker
at that time was digging clams at the foot
of Versailles avenue and, getting caught
by the tide, was fast getting nearer un
consciousness when the two fair heroines
came and extricated him by means of
some boards and a rope.
Y. M. I. AT HAYWARDS
Perfecting the Arrangements for
the Coming Grand
Council.
A EOYAL ENTERTAINMENT.
Generous Contributions of the Citi
zens—There Will be a Splendid
Pageant.
HAYWARDS, Cal., March 27. — A
largely attended meeting of the general
committee having in oharge the prepara
tions for the Young Men's Institute State
Grand Council was held to-night. The vari
ous sub-committees made very flattering re
ports, and the delegates will be nand
someiy entertained.
The arrangements for the barbecue are
in an advanced state, and this feature will
be one of the mpst notable during the
holding of the Grand Council. Mr. Creelin
of the Kuby Hill vineyard has promised to
donate all of the wine for the banquet,
and the numerous other things incidental
to a royal feast are also being promised.
Bids for music were received from several
bands in Oakland and San Francisco, and
also from one at Mare island. There was
a difference ot $100 between the union
prices ana the Mare. Island band, and the
committee on music thought this was too
much. A conference was held with the
representatives of the various bands, and
the matter was left undecided. The com
mittee expressed a desire to employ union
men, and offered to meet the difference
Native Sons' Uall at llay wards, Where the Y. M. I. State Convention for 1896
Will Assemble— Treasurer J. E. Crooks of the General Arrangement Committee.
half way if the union would consent. The
representatives will confer with their
unions and report next Monday night.
The secretary was instructed to confer
with every institute in the State and find
out bow many bands and drum corps will
be on hand, so as to make arrangements
ior the grand parade. There will be ample
accommodations for all visitors, as the
committee reported 250 available rooms in
private houses in addition to the hotel ac
commodations. The subscriptions to the
entertainment fund are being paid in an
encouraging manner and the finance com
mittee reported that they had arranged to
make a thorough canvass of the town next
week. The programme arranged for the
session of the council will be as follows:
May 18, open-air concert and general
reception; May 19, high mass in the morn
ing and a session of the Grand Council in
the afternoon, followed by a ball in the
evening, for which 3000 invitations are to
be issued.
Ou the 20th the great parade will occur,
in which all the institutes in the State
will be represented. In the evening tAvo
private dances have been arranged for the
members of the council and their guests.
That evening the boys will hold what tney
call their "nigh jink's," which is a myste
rious demonstration indulged in at every
session of the Grand Council.
On the 21st the morning will be occupied
by a session of the council, and in the aft
ernoon an old-fashioned barbecue will be
held at a farm near the city. That even
ing the banquet of the council will take
place at the Native Sons' Hall.
The 22d will be devoted to the work of
the council, which will be in session all
day. Native Sons' Hall, where the ses
sions are to be held, is a spacious and at
tractive building. It is being put into
shape for the use of the crowds that are
expected. A grand arch will also form
part of the decorations on the street.
The manner in whicn the citizens of
Haywards have responded to the call for
entertaining the Grand Council, Y. AI. 1.,
has encouraged other organizations to try
to secure the holding of their annual State
conventions here. C. W. Heyer and T. W.
Thorndyke, delegates from the Foresters
to the convention at Watsonville, are now
taking steps looking toward securing the
next annual State meeting at Haywards.
BASEBALL AT BERKELEY.
The Reliance Nine Beat the
Varsity Team in a Score
of 8 to 2.
Butcher Ashworth's Widow Will
Receive Substantial Help From
the Union.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 23.— The Re
liance Club baseball team played the
Varsity nine a hard-fought game on the
Berkeley diamond this afternoon, which
resulted in a score of 8 to 2 in favor of the
Reliance men. The Reliance team showed ,
up in good form, considering the fact that
they have practiced together but little.
The" Berkeley players , did not show the
spirit "they did in the game on last
Monday with the University Club nine,
and in consequence lost the day by six
runs. ; The game was practically a
pitchers' battle, with odds equally divided
between Morden and Oliver. The infield
work was weaker than usual. ;
Oliver's speed with . the ball seemed to
frighten the batters as they took their
places at the plate. The errors were ; few.
Following were the players and their posi
tions:
Reliance. . Positions. V. C.
5awyer......... Catcher.. ....".Wheeler
Oliver .....:...."..:.V.-Pltc^f .....Morden |
Walton.... ...... First ba«e.........Henn«>sey
J. Campbell... Second base jUston
Eean...... . .. Tiiiid buse Krug
Ewing.. ................ Kiglit fie1d..... .......;110aj5
It-elan .■...V. . : ....Center Held Abraham
Know'.es. .......Left field Jihng on
Ar11et......V.....:..,...5h0rt5t0p{ : - : - # ;;B«^ i e^
T'mplre— Poj •■
Si n sn el mer.
A reasonably good audience was present.
■■"/V ■' 'A\Univer*ity'Plajr.'. , V. .\J _
! BERKELEY, OAii.', March 28. — The
■ ■;•
local chapter of the Delta Kappa Epsilon
fraternity is making extensive and elabo
rate preparations for the presentation, on
the evening of April 8, of a three-act farce
comedy written by Raymond John Russ,
U. C. '96, one of their members. The play
is entit'ed the "Argonauts." and will be
presented by the "Dekes"' for the first
time. There will be fourteen characters,
nine male and five female. All the male
characters will be taken by members of
the order and the remaining parts will be
performed by prominent society young
ladies of Berkeley. The young actors and
actresses have been rehearsing for over six
weeks under tbe direction of Fiederick
Belasco, and they are now almost ready
to put on the play. Those who will make
up the cast arc: \Villard D. Thompson, J.
P. Hutching. H. P. Veeder, Frank String
ham, Edward Blake, Walter A. Starr,
Sterling Carr, Ciyde Laughlin, George O.
Noble, Miss Acnes Duff, Miss Carmen
Moore, Miss Florence Greene, Miss Juliet
Garber and Miss Lilian Strong. The play
will be presented In Shattuck Hajl, and
admission to the auditorium will be
wholly by invitation. One thousand cards
to the affair have already been sent out,
and from indications the evening will be
the society event of the spring season at
the university.
J.iquor Refused.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 28.— Marshal
Lloyd yesterday offered to return to the
liquor-dealers who were raided by him
last October the liquor taken from them
at that time and which has since been
kept in the Town Hall as evidence.
The ordinance under which the seizures
were made has since been declared uncon-
stitutional. Yesterday Lloyd made ten
ders of wine, whisky and beer to A. Berg,
Joseph Doran, Mrs! A. Mullgren, Mrs. M.
Silvershield and Mrs. Foster. The parties
all refused to receive the liquor offered
them, excepting Mrs. Silvershield and
Mrs. Mullgren.
It is supposed that the liquor men are
acting under the advice of their attorney,
M. C. Chapman, with a view to possible
damage suits against Hie town.
Benefits for Mrs. Ashworth.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 28.— The re
port that Joseph B. Ashworth, the butcher
who killed himself last Monday, was de
linquent in his payments to the Butchers'
Union is denied. The benefits his widow
will receive by reason of the husband's
membership in the union amount to $700,
of which sum $50 has already been paid.
Street Improvement.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 28.— A peti
tion is being circulated among property
owners between Dwight way and the
southern boundary of the town asking for
the establishment of a grade on Telegraph
avenue so that that street may be macad
amized. There are now two grades, the
railroad grade and the grade fixed by the
town. It is expected that the Town
Trustees will order the work at once when
the petition is presented.
Mias Anthony to Lecture.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 28.— Professor
Gayley will not be able to take his place
next Friday evening in the course of
lectures being delivered under the auspices
of the Unitarian Society. Miss Susan B.
Anthony has atrreed to take Professor
Gayley's place in the course, and will
probably lecture on Tuesday evening,
April 7.
UIVOKOt; PKOCJfcKIUJiIii.
Complaints filed:
Ida O. Phillips against William E. Phillips.
Marguerite Van Dorn ageinst G. J. Van Dorn.
Emma Pontet against Albert Pontet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth," marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BORN.
FAI VRE— February 14, 1898, to the wife of John
P. I'm re, a son.
FITZGERALD— In this city, March 20. 1896, to
the John T. Fitzgerald, a soc
LEO— In this city, March 18, 1896, to the wife of
. J. H. Leo, a son. ■ " -
MARTIN— In this city, March 27, 1898, to the
wife of A. H. Martin, a son.
MOITORK.T-Tn this city, March 16, 1896, to the
wife of T. A. Moitoret, a daughter.
FRY A L— ln this city, March -3, 1896, to the wife
of Andrew I'ryal, a daugmer.
ROTHSCHILD— In this city, March 26, 1896, to
the wife of M. Rothschild, a daughter. ' ■
~~ ~~ MAKIUKt)
DE PRO3SE— LYNCH-In this City, March 23,
1896, at the residence of the bride's aunt, by the
Rev. F. L. Hlgglnsof the First New Jerusalem
Church, Victor A. de Prosse of San Francisco
and Margaret P. liynch of New York.
ECKSTEIN— HASTERLIK— In New York City,
March '25, 1896, Dan Eckstein and Rosa Haste r-
llk of Santa Clara. .
HENNINCJSEN— TL'CKsON— In Oakland. March
27, 1896. by the Rev. I. L. P. Dietrichson, John
Henningsen and Mary Tuckson. - ' :
JACOBS-LEV this city, March 22, 1896.
: by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Frank P. Jacobs and
: : Pauline Levy.
JACOBSON— CURRAN— In this city, March 22,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Isaac Jacobnon
and Lena Curran. ... . . .
MITCHEL-CUNNINOHAM-In Oakland, March
-5. 1896, Joseph : Mitchel and Mamie Cunning-
ham, both of Han Francisco. . . : -
__________ __ _ —
UlUli.
Burke, Stephen J. Mahoney, Timothy
Creedon, Patrick - Meyer, Edla N. A.
. Dallas, Amanda Miller Kinnlm 11.
■ Dray, Henry D. Monferran, Henry
Oor'mah, Page B. Murray. Elizabeth
Herling, Louis Nannlngs, Derrick J.
Holllday, Laura Owens, Charlie
Johnston, Andrew : Rush, Bridget M.
McEiroy, Envia B. Sohulken, J ulia
Stone, Eliza
BURKE— In this city. March 27, 1896. Stephen
J., dearly beloved husband of Rose Burke, father
of Harry, Ethel, Rita ana Willie Burke, son of
James and the late Catherine Burke, ' and
brother of John, Joseph and Thomas Burke.
Mrs. E. Burke and Mrs. T. Madlgan, a native of
.Boston, Mass., aged 42 ; years 3 months and 1
' day. "■ ■■■ ■■-"■'• ■' ■' ; - '■' r '■'.':.■ -'' : ' ■',
03~Hrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 31 silver street, thence to ; St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of bis soul, commencing
at 0 o'clock a. _ Interment Mount Calvary
■'''Cemetery..,-' ;- •;'..-;, ■ ;' '-,; . ; '.'■■■..■;■■.:■."■
CREEDON— In this city, March 28, 1896, Patrick,
Auction Sales
ROYALLY GRA MMUCTION SALE
M. J. SIMMONS AUCTION CO. (INC.)
Salesroom 105 7 anil 1059 Market St.
- ....WILL SELL 0N....
TUESDAY... .......March 31, 1896,
at 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
1719 Bush St., bet. Gough and Octavla,
By order of Walter ; M. Castle Esq., on account of
.departure for Europe, .
All of the Magnificent »nd . Gorgeous
•'. Parlor, Chamber, Library and
. Dinlng-Room Furniture,
Piano, Bric-a-brac. Oil Paintings and Engravings,
Bedding, Lace Curtains. Fanleres and Carpels
contained In the above handsomely furnished 11-
-room residence.
H. S. KOZMINSKY, Auctioneer.
N. B.— House open for inspection on Monday,
March 30, 1896. from 10 a. m. to 4p. m. Bee de-
scriptlve advertisement in Tuesday's paper. '.> -- '-;"
FIRE UNDERWRITERS' SALE.
Carpets! Linoleum! Carpets!
At 773 Market St., near Fourth.
On Monday, the 3Oth Day of March, 1896,
And continulne every day at 11 a. m., for account
of the Pacific Coast Fire Underwriters, we will sell
balance of Furniture and 20,000 yards of Carpet
and Linoleum; also a lot of Clothing. > ■-:;i -, :
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. ,
B. M. BIRDSELL, Proprietor.
■■;- H. J. LEUTHOLZ, Auctioneer.
■ —
dearly beloved husband of Mary Creedon, fatner
of Dan and William Creedou, and uncle of
John Creedon, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 49 years.
JJ3"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DALLAS— In this city. March 27, 1896, Amanda
Dallas, a native of New York, used 66 years.
*B~Frienas and acquaintances are resnect -
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 416 Laguna street, corner Hickory
• avenue. >, ■„_ .
DRAY— In this city, March 27. 1896, Henry,
Daniel, infant son of Marie and the late John
Dray.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of his parents, 557 Harrison street.
GORMAN— In this city, March 27, 1896, Page
Bennett, beloved ■ child of James H. and Helena
Gorman, aged 1 year 5 months and 5 days.
JKs~lnterment from the residence, 15 Tllden-
street, THIS DA V (Sunday). Strictly private.
HERLING— In this city, March 27, 1896. Louis,
beloved son of the late Louis and Catherine Her-
ling, a native of New Jersey, aged 43 years.
[Jackson (Or.) papers please copy.j
*S"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday) from the undertaking parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros.. 31 Eddy street. Funeral private.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOLLIDA Y— ln this city, March 26, 1896, Laura,
beloved daughter of Margaret and the late John
Holliday, and sister of Mrs. Emma McCaffrey
and William, John, Joseph and David Holiiday,
a native of San Francisco, aged 17 years 8
months and 14 days. A member of Yosemite i
Parlor. N. I), G. W.
ft*)* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of her mother, 218 Steiner street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem high
• mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
N. D. G. Members of Yosemite Parlor No. 83,
N. D. G. W. : You are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late sister, Laura Hollidav, ■
THIS DAY (Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.,
from her late residence, 218 Steiner street. By
order of the President,
MARY P. CAMPBELL, M.D.
Irma Gkyser, Rec. Sec.
JOHNSTON— In this city, March 27. 1896, at the
German Hospital. Andrew Johnston, late Lloyds
surveyor Hongkong, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 51 years. " .
j£i~Friends are invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.,
from St. John's Hall, Masonic Temple, under
the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 166, F. and
A. 31.
MoELROY— Newark, Alameda County; March
24, 1896, Erwin B. McElroy, brother of Mllo G.
McKlroy and Mrs. Stella Adams, a native of
Delaware, Ohio, a^ed 61 years.
gyFrlends and acquaintances and comrades
' of Geo. 11. Thomas Post, G. A. R., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from post rooms,
320 Post street. Interment National Cemetery.
MAHONEY— In this city, March 27, IHB6. Timo-
thy Mjthouey, a native of Albany, N. i ., aged 63
years. Old pioneer carrier of the mall In 1859.
*S"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of J. Godeau & Co., 326 and 328 Montgomery
avenn», near Vallcjo street. Interment L O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MEYEK— In this city, March 28, 1896, Fdla N. A.,
beloved daughter of Anton and Johanna Meyer,
and Ulster of Clara, Augus', Louis, Eugene,.Hugo
and Arthur- Meyer and Mrs. John Hermann,
a native of Germany, aged 19 years 11 mouths
and 10 days.
*3"Friends and acquaintances are resneet-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street, thence to Alcazar building, 120O'Farrell
street, where the services will be held, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock p. m., under the auspices of '
German Council No. 2 of the United World. ■
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Members are
requested to attend. By order of
MRS. WAN NEIL, President.
MILLER— In Oakland, March 28, 1896, Einnira
H.. beloved wife of C. O. G.Mlller, and daughter
or the late Dr. J. C. and Minnie E. Tucker.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
MONFERRAN— In this city, March 26, 1896.
• Henry, beloved husband of Maria Monferran,
and stepfather of Richard Williams and the late
Mamie Medovicu, a native of France, aged 47
years and 7 months. •
aa-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment i. O. O. F. Cemetery. . , •
MURRAY— In this city, March 28. 1896, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late William Murray,
a native of County Longford, Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a.m., from ncr late resi-
dence, 1232 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
• street, where a requiem high mas will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
• ing at 9 :30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
, Cemetery.
NAN INGS— In this city, March 26, 1896, Derrick
J., beloved husband of Kmma Nannings, father of
Cornelia, Emma and Mabel Nannings, son of
the late Captain Philip and Cornelia Nannings,
and brother of the late Dr. John Nannings, a na-
tive of Holland, aged 33 years 9 months and 3
days.
Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from his late
residence, 6- Chattanooga street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
OWENS— In this city, March 28, 1896. Charlie,
beloved infant son of John and Maria Louise'
Owens, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 25 days.
aWThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of the parents, 32 Rincon place. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUSH— In this city, March 28, 1896, Bridget
Mary, dearly belov«-d wife of Michael Rush,
a native of Newmarket, Ireland, aged 64 years
and 4 months.
$V Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 2306 Larkin stree;, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, corner Broadway and Van
Ness avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. if. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ; ■.•■-, ■'■■
SCHULKEN— In this city, March 22, 1896. Julia,
.beloved wife of Henry Schulken. and mother of
Freddie, Annie, Tillle and Louise Schulkeh. and
sister of Julius Schulken, ' Mrs. C. Strube and
Mrs. Captain Haake, and niece of Mrs. A. Anne-
maun, Mrs. L. Tnlele and George Hnger. a nativs
of Germany, aged 86 years 2 mouths and 28
. days. A member of Hoftnungs Lodge No. 1, O.
d. H. S.
AT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the Interment THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. m. at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
STONE— In this city, March 28, 1898, Eliza,
relict of the late John H. Stone, mother of Mrs.-
-' Mary E. Caldwell, and grandmother of Frank J.
Caldwell. a native of Missouri, aged 70 years and
8 months. '
tt&~ Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Monday), at 3
o'clock p. m., from the residence of her daughter,
211 Dorland street. Interment Masonic' Ceme-
tery. ■ ■ • • ■•'.-■. ■ " •-•> " ' ' ■"
I UNITED I'NDKKTAK_!BS^ ll ™ l Tr
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
:_. at Reasonable Rates. "-■-•-;:
Telephone Kouth 167. 27 and 29 Fifth at.
I McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBALMKBS,
BO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
JUTMcMKNoitKT™™™™" 1 "" Citas. McMknokky.l
- JABIKS MoMENOMEY v & SON, ■-'
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMKK9,
1061 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Ttlephon* NO. 3354.
JAB. ENGLISH. : T. It. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND ' EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS, ,
10 Van Ness aye., near Market at., San Francisco
Telephone bo. 156. ■' -, ■ y; - . .
GEO. F. LAMSOJ, ; AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny Street.
Important Furniture and Carpet Auction Sale.
MONDAY. ./
M0nday......... ..March 30, 1896.
At 11 o'clock a. _ on the premises,
816 Suttor Stroot.
I 'WILL SELL .
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE,
Carpets and Folding Beds. : " >
Contained in Thirty Handsomely Furnished.
Apartments,
....comprising ...
A great variety odd pieces Parlor Upholstery,
Turkish Easy Chairs, Reception Chairs, Ladles'
Rockers, Couches, Divans and Louuges la tine
cover?.
Twelve hundred yards of Body Velvet, Moqnet,
Body Brussels and Tapestry Carpets in fine condi-
tion; very desirable patterns. Elegant Mirror-
front Folding Beds, Elegant Oak Chamber sets. '
Wardrobes, extra Oak Cheval Bureaus, Tables
and Desks: Hue Walnut Furniture in dining-
room; Sideboards, Extension Tables, Dinini?
Chairs, extra Mattresses. Beddins:, Pictures: great
variety of dining-room requisites; kitchen articles,
etc. Terms cash. ' "^," .
CiKO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
REAL ESTATE
Auction Sale
G.H.IWESI&CO,
Real Estate Agent*, Rent Collectors
and Auctioneers.
AT OUR SALESROOMS,
14 Montgomery St., Near Market.
Aa Per Catalogue, on . . . .
MONDAY :." March 30, 1896,
At 12 O'clock M.
Two Probate Sales
' By Order of Administrators.
(1) Brannan-street l-vt. .
N W. line of Brannan St., 80 feet S\V. of 4tb, 2&x
70 feet ; street accepted.
(3) Twenty-fourth- street Business Lo-
cation. y\' : :.'U :; ; '."'':<.l''iSv, : ;
206 24th St.. N. side, 100 feet E. of Alabama;
blacksmith-shop in front and cottage of '£ rooms in
rear: lot 25x104 feet; street accepted; rent $11;
must be sold to close an estate. ,;■.->..•
BY INDIVIDUALS.
Page Street, Near Market.
129 and 131 Page st., and 136 and 136Va Rosa
aye., bet. Gough and Octavia sts.: 2 bay-Window
houses of 6 rooms and bath each: 2 flats of 4 and 5
rooms each: brick foundation, etc.; rent $72 50;
lot 27:6x120; 2 frontages.
. Store and Flat on 18th Street.
3980 and 3982 18th st., north side, bet. SancbM
and Noe: 2-story bay-window •building in store,
and 3 living-rooms and hath, and Hat of 5 rooms
and nath; brick foundation, etc.; lot 25x100 feet;
rent $35.
Clinton Park Lot.
South Bide of Clinton Park; 130 feet E of Dolor a
St.: 25x75 feet; this Is within 100 feet of Market,
Dolores and Ridley sts.
Turk Street Investment. •
1519 Turk St., bet. Steiner and Pierce: 2-storr
house of 4 rooms and bath in upper part; lower
part of house unfinished; stable, stone walks;
street accepted by city: present rent $20 per
month; front part "of lot vacant; 2 stores and 4,
flats would make this a very good paying invest-
ment; lot 45x137 :6 feet.
Business Corner on Polk Street.
NE. corner Polk and Pine sts.; 3-story building
In store and living- room, and lodging-house above;
total rent $100 per month; lot 20x62 :6 feet.
Choice Bush-Street Residence Lots. '
North side. Bush St., 220 feet west of Lacuna
St., •J7:6xi:-i7:6 ftet. Street accepted by the city.
Polk Street, Near Market.
Nos. 11, 13a and 13b Polk st., bet. Market and
Hayes sts.: substantial 3-story Day-winaow bui d-
I ing In 2 stores, with living rooms and modern
lodging-house of 18 rooms above; rent $120 per
month; lot 30x100.
Mission Residence in Warm Belt.
No. 1034 Fair Oaks St., west line, south of 25th
St.: first street west of Gnerrero-st. Electric road
and 1% blocks south of 2 lili-st. branch of Mission-
st. electric road: nice bay- window residence of 8
rooms and bath; brick foundation, all modern Im-
provements and conveniences; lot 25x125.
Post Street, Down Town. .
Nos. 918 and 920 Post st., north side, between
Hyde and Larkin sts.; 2 substantial bay-window
fiats of 8 and 7 rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tion, stone walks, etc.; lot 25x137:6; rent $65 per
month. ■f~A ■_£■■'■
Mission Residence Lots.
Two level lots, each 25x100 feet, situated on the
W. line Of Sanchez St., distant 26:6 feet N. of
Elizabeth, being-only one short block from the
Twenty -fourth-st. electric road; ready to build on.
Fremont St., Near Folsoni.
Nos. 343 anu 345 Fremont St., bet. Folsom and
Harrison; 2 houses and lot 52x137:6 feet; rent
$59 50; mortgage of $8500 in San Francisco Say
ings Union can remain if desired. .
Ashhury Heights Flats.
Nos. 8 and 10 Tremont aye., E. side, 8. of Waller
St., h'rst street W. of Ashbury; 2 bay- window flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tions, etc. rent $40: lot 27:4y a x81:3 feet; if de-
sired owner would like to remain 1 year as tenant.
Marine View Residence.
No. 1009 Green St., bet. Jones and Leaven worth;
nice and substantial 2-story and basement bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc. ; stone walks: street bituminized
and accepted by the city; lot 26x137:6 feet: mort-
gage of $3000 can remain if desired; commands
unobstructed marine view; near Hyde and also
Union st. cable roads. -.
Cozy Mission Cottage.
No. 410 Duncan St.. north side, between Church
and Sanchez; first street south of 27th st.; cozy
cottage of 5 rooms and bath, etc.; lot 24x105 feet;
hear Guerrero and 29th-st. electric cars.
Elizaheth-st. Building Lots.
South line of Elizabeth St., distant 125 feet east
of Douglass; 52x114 feet: as a whole or in 2 equal .
subdivisions: this property is only one short block
from 24th-st. electric road and lv» blocks from
CaBtro-st. cable road street work done complete.
Call at our office and get any further particulars
desired and catalogue.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st. .
FOR SALE.
A GREAT BARGAIN
milE HALE RANCH, MOUNTAIN VIEW,
X Santa Clara County, two miles from Mountain
View Station, five miles from the Stanford Uni-
versity, Palo Alto, and ten miles from the City Of
San Jose. " . . , . :
1700 Acres of the Choicest Land in the
Santa Clara Valley.
Will be sold at a great sacrifice to close the estate
of J. P. Half, deceased. . - »', .
Large Vineyard, Three Prune Orchards. Fruit
Trees of all kinds and abundance of Water from a
living creek and numerous springs.
:■ Large House of eleven rooms. Barns. Stables,
Chicken-Houses, Outhouses, etc., etc etc., and all -
the necessary farming utensils. . •
PRICE $85,000— ONLY $50 PER ACRE.
The cheapest land ever offered in California.
For all particulars apply to McGLYNN A MEN-
TON, Real Estate Agents, Room 22. Chronicle
Building, where photographs of . the . property can ' -
be seen. ' ■,-•■'■• ■■--■■'■
Baja California
Dam Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonte for th*
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and »
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervln_
Sells on its own Merita— no long-winded . testi- .
monials necessary. ' •* ■'
N Alir.lt, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
| 823 Market . St., S. F.-Ctiend for Circular.)
1314
THE DISCOVERY
IS CONFIRMED
Further Experiments as to
the Source of the
X-Rays.
USED THE TESLA COIL.
A Dozen of the Wonderful Pho
tographs Taken With
Great Success.
PROFESSOR CORY IS PLEASED.
Expects to Finally Demonstrate the
Origin of the Ray by the
Shadow It Casts.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 29.—Not
withstanding the fact that Saturday after
noon is ordinarily a holiday for all State
employes, Professor Cory, Mr. Le Conte,
the instructor in mechanics, and Mr. Loh
man, besides their corps of assistants, spent
the entire day in the effort to cast addi
tional light on the test? already made as
to the origin of the wonderful, penetrating
ray. So deeply interested in the work
were some of the experimenters that they
did not take time to eat their noonday
luncheon until 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
As to the results of their work no more
definite proof as to the source of the ray
was secured than that of several days
ago, but from ttie fact that the indications
point so strongly toward the theory
held by Lodge, Porter and Hicks, Pro
fessor Cory is constrained to believe
that he has found out the question
which has been such a puzzle to scientists
pince the discovery by Dr. Roentgen of the
magic ray. It has long been known that
the cathode ray produces positive electrifi
cation on the first solid which it strikes.
It seems that the X-rays, therefore, are
produced on the solid, which is thus posi
tively electrified. Since metals are good
conductors they seem to give out the
greater number of X-rays. "All that I can
state positively with regard to the matter,"
paid Professor Cory to-day, "is that the
theory which I have mentioned seems to
hold true. I should like to be able to
speak more definitely, but just at present
I am unable to say any more than that it
setms to be the correct one. 1 '
At least a dozen photographs were taken
to-day by means of the Tesla coil, and the
Crookes tube with single connections.
Some were overexposed, and some under
exposed, but in others distinct shadows of
the objects intended to be reproduced were
cast on the plate.
The device used in the attempt to deter
mine the origin of the ray is simple in the
extreme. A thin piece of white cedar
large enough to cover the greater portion
of an ordinary platebolaer is selected, and
in it are driven rows of small nails so as to
stand perfectly upright. The board witii
the nails is then piaced on the face of the
plateholder, which in turn is fixed in a
stationary position directly opposite the
point where the ray is supposed to have
its origin. The electric fluid Is turned on
and permitted to run until an impression i
of the shadows cast by the nails is made
upon thp photographic plate. Jnst as we
are able to locate the position of the sun
by the shadows cast from objects upon
which its rays are directed so do the exper
imenters believe that they will be able to i
locate the source of the Roentgen ray by '
the shadow it casts.
"Th« source, however," says Professor .
Cory, "depends upon the tubes and the
shape of the electrodes. In other words,
One of the Negatives Taken by the Experimenters at Berkeley Yesterday, Showing
Shadow of Nails Driven in a Strip of Wood Exposed From the Solid, Which He
ceived the Cathode Ray, and by Geometrical Computation the Exact Point From
Whence the Kay Came Was determined.
the X-ray may come from the anode, or ,
the glass, or any solid upon which the
cathode rays impinge the tube. Many
experimenters have found that in the par- '
ticular tube they have used the X-rays
seem to emanate from the anode, while
others have found that they came from
the fluorescent glass. All these various I
niethodH of tracing the X-ray by means of j
photography with differently shaped \
tubes have been tried at the university, \
but the one theory that the rays seem to
be sent out, not from the cathode, but
from the solid that receives the negative
charge from the cathode, seems to be the
most palpable."
Late this afternoon a photograph was
taken of the piece of board in which the j
nails were driven, and upon beingdeveloped i
showed much more clearly than any yet j
taken that the ray must emanate from the j
solid that receives the negative discharge '.
from the cathode. When Instructor Lo
Conte came out of his photographic dark
room holding in bit bund the newly de
vcloped negative a shout of joy went up
from the interested bystanders, and Pro
fessor Cory was heard lo remark, "Well,
now I know that 1 can do most. anything
with the Tesla tube." Upon this he went
back to his laboratory and began again
the work of determining! the relative util
ity of certain tubes which were on
hand, with the view to making further
photographic impressions. An hour was
spent in illuminating the new tubes. In
some of them the yellow and violet
fluorescence was most beautiful. It re
minded one of a brilliant pyrotechnic dis
play on a clear, dark night. The room
was darkened and all that could be s^en
was the brilliantly illuminated bulbs on
the sheet iron apparatus, with an occa
sional spark of electricity from the regu
lator. Professor Cory was more than
pleased with the workings of the new
Tesla coil. He said: "The coil which
Mr. Lohman, the student in mechanics,
has made is the best I ever saw and has
been of material assistance to us in making
our experiments."
The work ot further attempting to locate
the origin of the X-ray will be continued
on Monday.
Camera Club Exhibit.
At the urgent request of the many friends of
the California Camera Club, the print com
mittee have decided to keep the annual print
exhibition open to the public for another week.
Although many have visited the rooms, still
the unsettled state of the weather kept others
away, and to give all an opportunity to attend
the exhibition will be open from March 30 to
April 4, between the hours of 10 a. m. and
5 p. M.
There were a very large number of visitors
present last evening to view the annual print
exhibition. Among them were W. Street. J. <;.
Thomn, Ed. Jensen, Mr. and Mrs. Hocdstudter,
C. Weidner, Harry Banner. Mr. Zeile, Shirly
Kyan , Miss Morris, Miss Banks. Miss A. K.
Ycy and Mr. Hatchings, a pioneer of Yosemite
Valley, who was much delighted with the
photos of his old h ome.
VALLEY ROAD SOUVENIR
An Elegant Book Giving the
History of the Project
Up to Date.
Profusely Illustrated With Half-Tone
Portraits of Prominent
Citizens.
As a souvenir of a California enterprise
that stands to-day as the only one of any
magnitude ever inaugurated and success
fully carried on in the face of the opposi
tion of the hitherto all-powerful Southern
Pacific monopoly there has been issued
from the establishment of the Wheeler
Publishing Company a handsome volume,
profusely and elegantly illustrated, en
titled "The Valley Road."
This volume in its 224 pages of heavy ;
supersized and calendered paper tells in ■
brief the salient features in the history of i
the Tratiic Association, tlie League of
Progress, the North American Navigation !
Company, the Merchants' Shipping Asso- j
ciation and of the San Francisco and San |
Joaquin Valley Railway.
As a frontispiece it has a full-page half
tone portrait of Clans Spreckels, who, j
1 with his munificent subscription of half a
million dollars, together with those of his !
sons, John D. Spreckels and A. B. j
Spreckels, of $100,000 each, made the com- '
peting line an immediate possibility. '
Then scattered through the book on :
. nearly every page is a half-tone illnstra- i
tion of one or more of the most promising j
and enterprising men of this City and ;
Stockton, and more particularly of those j
interested in the great railway project,
the place of honor, the page following the
title-page, being given up to the news
paper proprietors of this City. In the
center of the page is the half-length por
trait of Charles M. Shortridge of the San
Francisco Call, and this is surrounded by
bust likenesses of W. R. Hearst, Ex
aminer; M. H. de Young, Chronicle; R.
A. Crothers, Bulletin; William M. Bun
ker, Report; ancU George K. Fitch, for- j
merly of The Call and Bulletin.
Arthur Wheeier, in his preface, briefly, j
yet clearly, tells the scope and purpose of. :
the work. He says:
"It will be the object of this history to
show how the people of Colifornia have at |
vanuus ximes ana in aiviaea groups en
deavored to extend and free their com
merce from the control of a great monop
oly, and iiow it was not until they were at
last united, led by men whom they could
trust, that they were able to make head
against ttie otherwise invincible corpora
tion.
"This, however, is but the history of all
popular struggles against vested preroga
tive and entrenched capital. There must
be deep feeling among the masses and
there must be the strong, inspiring leader
ship to direct tiie movement.
"Much of this feeling has been worked
up in the case of California's railroad tight
by the aid of the great San Francisco
dailies, whose constant support to any
movement looking to the liberation of the
people has held up the hands of our mer
chants and made* possible the success of
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railway."
Among other features of the volume are
complete lists of all the citizens of Stock
ton and San Francisco who have sub
scribeU to the stock of the railway.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
BUTCHERED BY A
VENGEFUL MALAY
Razor Wounds End the
Life of Miss Edla
Meyer.
HER ASSASSIN'S SUICIDE
Philip Raymer, Jailbird and
Ship's Cook, Wielded the
Fatal Steel.
THE DOCTOR CAME TOO LATE.
Prompt Medical Attendance Might
Have Saved the Life of the
Wounded Girl.
Edla X. A. Meyer, a pretty little Ger
man girl residing with her parents over
her father's saloon at the corner of Sacra
mento and Drumrn streets, was murder-
iDI.A MEYER, THE IIAPLESS VICTIM OF THE MURDEROUS MALAY.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
cusly attacked in her mother's bedroom
yesterday morning by Philip Raymer, a
Malay sailor and ship's cook, armed with
a razor. Hhe was horribly cut, but made
a brave fight for life and finally escaped
from the room and ran down into the sa
loon, whereupon the Malay turned the
weapon upon- himself and with one slash
across the throat ended his worthless ca
reer. Three-quarters of an hour later hia
victim expired in the saloon below from
loss of blood. Her life might have been
saved, but no physician could be secured
in time. The motive for the crime was
revenge.
The Meyers occupy the entire building
at the corner mentioned. The second
floor, reached only by a stairway from
Drumm street, was used exclusively for
sleeping apartments, while downstairs in
the saloon and a small kitchen adjoining
was passed the family's daily life, the
two daughters assisting when neces
sary m serving the sailors at the bar.
The family's respectability is, however,
unquestioned, and neither the neighbor
hood eossin nor the post-mortem exami
nation has aught to say against the dead
girl's good name.
Raymer, with other seafaring men, met
the girls in the saloon. Despite his color,
which won for him the title, "the nigger,"
he took a fancy to the bine-eyed maids,
and spent considerable time about the
place. His language, however, was such
that his presence was considered undesir
able and he was forbidden tbe house.
Later clothing was missed from the rooms.
One day the Malay was found concealed
under a bed upstairs. The missing gar
ments were found in his room in an ad
joining boarding-hou?e, and on a charge of
petit larceny he was sentenced to three
months in the County Jail. The dead girl
was the principal witness against him, and
when he was released on the 13th ult. he
swore revenge.
While at the jail Raymer was considered
somewhat crazy, and since his release
he has haunted the corner on which the
Meyers live. The family had heard of his
threats, yet, though fearing him, they con
tented themselves with watching him and
made no complaint to the police. The
crime is the result.
When discharged from the jail Raymer
took up his residence at Peter McMahon's
sailor boarding-house on Drumm and
Commercial streets, where he had already
run up a large account. The proprietor,
anxious to get his money, shipped Ray
mer as a cook on the whaling schooner
Rosario, and he was to sail this morning.
He did visit the vessel and put the galJey
IB order, but left without a word, and when
next seen his body was lying in its own
blood in Mrs. Meyers' bedroom.
"This morning after breakfast," said
Clara Meyer, sister of the dead girl, "Edla
went upstairs about 7:30 o'clock to make
the beds. About twenty minutes later she
came running into the saloon, where
father and I were, and fell bleeding to the
floor. She could not speak, but I knew
who had killed her. I asked her, 'Who
cut you? The nigger? 1 She nodded 'Yes'
several times. She lived three-quarters of
an hour, but we could not get a dootor till
just at the last. Then it was too late."
A survey of the scene of the crime tells
the story. Miss Meyer had been kneeling
before a trunk witli her back to the door
when Raymer burst it open. She was in a
narrow ppace between the trunk and bed,
but made a hard fight and was severely cut
about the hands. Once she grasped the
blade and as he jerked it away it cut her
fingers lo the bone. Finally in despair
she threw herself down beside the oid
fashioned four-post bedstead and crawled
beneath. Even there the Malay followed
and the gushing spurts of life blood there
tell of the struggle. At least, however,
she jerked herself loose, crawled out on
the other side of the bed and fled down
stairs. A gaping| wound, twelve inches
long, extending from two inches below the
right ear down and across the chest to the
center of her breast, let ont her life.
During the struggle the girl screamed
repeatedly. Mrs. Rodgers, who lives in
an adjoining house, heard, but could not
locate the cries. Alf Lewis, an employe,
asleep in an adjoining room, was awak
ened, but before he could dress the tragedy
was complete.
The sadness of the affair is increased by
the fact that the dead girl was engaged to
be married, and when attacked was lov
ingly fondling her bridal finery. Her
fiance is Captain Fritz Flath of the bark
Ceylon, which plies between this port and
Honolulu in the sugar trade. This is Cap
tain Flath's first trio as captain, he hav
ing been recently promoted from chief
mate. His vessel is due here in June and
the wedding was to have been celebrated
in July. A brother of the dead girl is
Eugene Meyer of the United States Life-
Saving Service. J. Herman of the Her
man Safe Manufacturing Company is a
brother-in-law.
Deputies from the Coroner's office re
moved the bodies to the Morgue, whence
Miss Meyer's remains were afterward
txansferred to Metzler's undertaking estab
lishment. A search of the murderer's
body brought to light a bottle of vitriol
anu a life-insurance policy. The latter
was made out in the name of Thomas
Holmes and was made payable to his sis"
ter, Ella Holmes. It was issued by a
Wakefiold (Mass.) insurance concern. This
causes some doubt as to the murderer's
real name, and the Coroner will write East
lor any information obtainable.
VISITING CITY OFFICIALS
Minneapolis Municipal Authori
ties Arrived Here Yes
terday.
The Mayor and His Chief Aids on a
Mingled Business and Pleasure
Trip.
The largest party of officials from any
one Eastern city that ever visited San
Francisco arrived yesterday in a private
car. and is now engaged in touring t ho
City. The party is frcm Minneapolis, and
comprises Mayor Robert Pratt, City Clerk
Charles F. Haney, Aldermen P. A. Long,
Burke O'Brien, Q. A. Durman, H. Jen
nings, :S. B. Loge, S. E. Adams. Erik
Rhode, F. A. Schwartz, P. W. McAllister,
Jay W. Phillips, F. S. Drew, Charles E.
Dickenson and G. L. Fort; Chief Engineer
F. W. Cappelen, Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department F. L. Stetson, Health
Commissioner H. N. Avery, Assistant At
torney Avery, Registrar of Water Works
F. T. Moody, Sealer of Weights A. G.
Mosher, Sergeant-at-arms T. P. Gaylord.
Accompanying the party are L. J. Hill
house, Tribune reporter; Adolph Edsten,
Journal reporter; H. A. Luxton, Penny
Press reporter; Dr. A. H. Heddely and
Caterer John Dormer.
The party is out for pleasure as well as
to gather any ideas that may be used to
advantage in the municipal Government
of Minneapolis, and will spend at least a
week in San Francisco before departing
for Los Angeles and Southern California.
The entire delegation made a call on
Mayor Sutro yesterday, but that official
was not in his office and the tourists were
entertained by Colonel Rogers. A visit
was then made to the rooms of the Board
of Supervisors, where Clerk John Russell
did the honors. Last night the party took
a trip through Chinatown and were enter
tained by a number of prominent mer
chants.
While in this City the Eastern officials
will reside in their car, which lies at the
depot at Third and Townsend streets, and
will make a number of short trips to points
of interest about the bay.
Novel Advertising;.
At the corner of .Sixth and Market
streets for two years past the Owl Adver*
tising Company has furnished nightly to
the people of this City a unique and novel
entertainment in the shape of a stereopti
con display. Instead of using the old
style of magic-lantern a more modern de
vice wherein a several candle-power elec
tric light is used to throw the oDjects on
the screen. Handsome scenic views and
comic pictures are shown, interspersed
with advertising, each nieht. As the as
sortmint of views is a large and well
selected one, the display attracts a large
audience nightly, and advertisirs find this
an unusually good and novel mode of ad
vertising thgir wares to the people of San
Francisco. *
Russia has the greatest amount of live
stock of any country in Europe.
SAYS THEY ARE DAUBERS.
Oscar Lewis Admits His Em
ployes Are Not Good
Painters.
BILLS MAY NOT BE ALLOWED.
Auditor Broderick May Withhold Pay
ment if the Labor Leaders Claim
the Work Is Illegal.
The representatives of the labor unions
who were reported in yesterday's Call as
having discovered what appeared to them
very suspicious circumstances in connec
tion with the painting of the dome of the
City Hall were by no means satisfied with
the result of their continued investiga
tions yesterday. Several days ago a com
mittee from the Building and Trades
Council, consisting of Mclvor, Rose and
Zant, undertook to investigate the work
bring done on the City's municipal monu
ment. As a preliminary step, they en
deavored to ascertain just what the con
tract and specitications called for, ana in
this they were signally successful.
In 1892 the Board of City Hall Commis
sioners were greatly annoyed by a strike.
as a result of non-union men having been
put to work. In order to avoid a repeti
tion of the embarrassment, and also with
the avowed purpose of placating laboring
men, the following order was passed:
Eight hours constitute a full day's work for
all workmen employed upon any 6f the work
referred 10 in this specification.
No Chinese or Mongolian shall be employed
upon any of the work reierred to in this speci
fication, either directly or indirectly, nor shall
any material be oaed upon which Chinese or
Mongolian labor is known to have been em
ployed. No scab labor is to be employed on
any portion of the work herein to be executed.
For some time the labor unions watered
assiduously to see that the provisions of
the order were stipulated in every con
tract, but of late their vigilance has been
relaxed somewhat, and as a result it was
not until non-union men were put at work
on the dome that they bethought them
selves of the contract. They claim they
were given evasive answers as to whether
or not the clauses were contained in it, but
the non-union men continued to do the
work. Moreover, it is claimed many of
the men worked overtime.
The culmination of the union men's in
dignation was reached when they ascer
tained facts regarding the painting of the
ironwork of the dome. In this R. T. Mc-
Ivor is authority for the statement that
the poorest quality of paint was used, and
the men applying it were wholly un
skilled in the painters' craft. He asserted
that they were being paid only $1 a day.
Not only were they smearing on the paint
in a most unworkmanlike manner, but it
wa^ asserted they were neither scraping or
cleaning the iron preparatory to applying
tlie brush.
City and County Auditor William Brod
erick, ex-ottieio member of the Board of
City Hull Commissioners, was inclined to
lay the entire resj onsibilsty for the work
upon the architect and superintendent.
"I do not see,' 1 be said, "how the board
can do anything at present. The law con
templates that in such construction we
rely entirely upon the expert knowledge
of uiir architect and superintendent. It is
their place to see that the work is done ac
cording to specifications. If, after the
completion of the work, any one can show
us that the specifications have been
violated or that the men ■ have
worked more than eight hours a
day or thnt the law has in any way been
violated we will refuse to allow their bills.
I do not see how we can do anything in re
gard to the wages the men are being paid,
as the law says the work must be given
out by contract. Personally lam in lavor
of high wages, as 1 am myself a mechanic,
but it seems to me the only thing to do is
to demand of men who are known to be hir
ing incompetent workmen tae highest
class results."
Oscar Lewis of the linn of o'Connell <fc
Lewis, who have the contract for the iron
work, does not deny that the men doing
the painting are mere laborers. "That
kind of work," he said, "is usually done
in the factory, and we generally put a boy
at it if we have one. It is not ornamental
painting; that will come later. Whenever
there is any dirt or scales on the iron it is
scraped off, and that is all that is neces
sary. Ido not know how much the men
are getting as we 'jobbed' it out to a
young fellow who frequently works for us.
We pay him enough to allow him to pay
the men $2 or $2 50 a day and retain a
good margin. The paint is exactly accord
inc to contract.''
Ernest D. lfelliss, the City Hall Com
missioners' superintendent, says the work
lias all been done to his satisfaction. He
also says the work does not require
painters, the object of the paint being
merely to prevent rust. The paint used
he admits is very cheap, but lie claims
it is the best that can be used for the pur
pose.
The buiidingand trades' committee will
continue their investigations.
Interested in Young Men.
Chauneey M. Pepew and Cornolius Vander
bilt, who are expected to arrive in San Fran
cisco early this week, are deeply interested in
work for young men, as prosecuted by the
Young Men's Christian Association. Cor
nelius Vanderbilt is chairman of the finance
committee of the New Voik City Young Men's
Christian Association. Mr. Depew lias been
invited to lecture before the association of this
City during his stay, and will probably accept,
as his treat interest in the moral welfare of
young men throughout this country is well
known.
The board of directors of the local association
will hold tneir regular meeting to-morrow
( Monday) evening, and renewed efforts will be
put forth to raise the balance of $12,000
which is needed to make up the $100,000
necessary to save the splendid property in this
City. A determined effort will be made within
the next week or ten days among the citizens
with the hope of bringing the amount up to
the .f 100,000 mark. The pledges now s'.and
at $»8,000.
Commerce of the Great r.3»kea.
The commerce of the Great Lakes is rap
idly exceeding the American commerce on
the ocean. The number of vessels now
contracted for or building for 1896 is sixty
live, with a valuation of $8,549,000. Of
these forty-two are freight boats, with a
capacity of 136,600 gross tons. The coast
ship-building for the year will be only 105
vessels, with a total valuation of $6,040,400,
and most of these are passenger or pleasure
boats. In the river yards twenty-four ves
sels are being conitructed to cost $537,650.
The largest vessel planned in the coast
yards is 480 feet long, while the smallest of
the lake freighters is 326 feet in length.
These figures, of course, do not include the
work in the many yards. It is evident that
the Great Lakes are to furnish the traffic
route of the future from the interior, and,
with a ship canal to the Atlantic Coast,
which must eventually be constructed, the
next generation will see their waters cov
ered by a fleet whose numbers are beyond
the reach of imagination at present.— St.
Paul Pioneer Press.
Not a« Good aa Whist.
An amusing story is told of a Chicago
whist-player, who thinks he is a great
player, and isn't. He recently wrote and
published a book on the .came, and sent
one copy to a famous Milwaukee player
for his opinion on it. In about a week the
book was returned to him with the follow
ing letter: "My dear sir: Your favor of
the — inst., accompanied by your book,
was duly received. I have read it care
fully. It seems to be a very good game,
but I don't think it is as good a game as
whist."
The Crystal Palace roof contains four
teen acres of glass.
NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS.
NOVELTY
BLACK
GOODS!
THE LATEST NOVELTIES
FOR SPRING 1896.
We will exhibit this week a magnificent
assortment of HIGH NOVELTY BLACK
DRESS FABRICS. The styles are the most
elegant we have ever shown and include the
newest productions of the best makers.
Novelties in Black Mohairs.
Novelties in Black Silk and Mohair.
Novelties in Black Etamine.
Novelties in Black Grenadine Effects.
■ rr; SPECIAL ! —^
IS pieces BLACK NOVELTY CREPONS,
Price $1.00 a Yard.
TEUEiFaOM'X: 3VL.A.IIC 5777.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
\ / hi I y f
iP L. I U U / f
TAN BOOTS FOR SUMMER.
We have just received our first Importation.
Latest styles, elegantly finished, lnnje but-
tons, needle or narrow square toe. All sizes
and widths from AAA to XX. You'll not
find so pretty a shoe elsewhere for less than
$3.oo— fifty cents in pocket by buying here.
- . Oxfords, same quality and style, $1.50.
UIiUU j^^^^^^r
We have just received a lan?e invoice of Ladies'
Fine Dongola Kid Southern Ties, with cloth tops,
pointed toes and tips and hand-turned soles, which
we will offer for $1 35. They are ueat, stylish and
good wearers.' ■ ■
EVERYBODY WONDERS
How we can sell so cheaply. Simple enou?h.
We own this bis building— no enormous rent
■ to pay and you share in the saving.
MOMRCifSHOE CO.,
1346-1348 MARKET ST.
OPP. ODD FELLOWS' BUILDING.
Country orders carefully filled.
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
Bill DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED KAR IRON. ©1.70 base
ANGLE 1R0N..... 2.15 flat
BAND 1R0N... 2.00 •■
I ; on ml Edge Tire 5tee1......... 3. OO flat
Toe " ' ......... 2.40 "
Plow "......... 2.25 "
German Hammered " ......... 3.75 base
Pick ."......... 4.00 ■'•■'.•• ;■;
Machinery ■ " ......... 2.00 "
Spring ' " 2.50 "
Cold Hailed •• 3.25 " ;
Finished Shafting.:.... 3.25* •'
Terms : — Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO.
WEAK MEN
CURE DAS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should Bend at
d!2s once . for ' a * book
J&3 that explains how
y^V/Vv full manly vigor
(v JsLaSk. is easily, quickly
\ \i^J/f>%, < 3\ and permanently
qfjlw restore J. No man
ff^^X-r2rvl&Kll suffering from
t'/'J^j nSuJy/ WViM -weakness can af-
" \rJ=3&*'J jLifwi : f 9 rd to ignore this
iL^y^uT tif^n timely advice.
Z^&t Book tells how
v^ ™ r >— — -fT^^^iofull strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion !of the « body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) fret to any man on application.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., BUFFALO.N.Y.
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, . Bruises,
Sprains," Stiff Joints and Swellings.
-'/■■ .."•■:iT STOPS ADIi PAIN.
ALL DRUGGISTS^ SELL IT.
50 CENTS- AND 81 A. BOTTLJB. "
Dn£J\N\
BABY
Carriages!
All our Carriages have varnished bodies, eittaef
1 Steel or Wood Wheels and Patent Brakes.
Canopy top, s roil shape body, upholstered In
Kabriquede Luxe $6 BO
Hood top. rattan body, upholstered in Milan-
aise or Bedford Cord...'.. ....;. $6 75
Hood top, rattan body, fancy design, uphols- ■
tered in Milanaise or Bedford Cord, wth
Plush Boll:... $7 75 and 99 Bft
Canopy top, rattan body, scroll design $9 50)
Parasol top, rattan body, upholstered in Mi-
lunaise, Plush r011.'.... .......; $10 00
Hood top. Close woven body, upholstered in
Bedford Cord. Plush roll .....$lO 50
In addition we have a large line of Parasol, Hood
■nd Canopy Top Carriages, in newest designs, bod*
ies and upholstery, at lowest prices.
We make a Specialty of Repairing Carriages.
"GOLDEN RULE"
SEWING MACHINES
AT HALF THEIR VALUE.
Special Until April 1, 1896.
With 3 Drawers....' 817.3$
t With 5 Drawers 19.34
GUARANTEED FOR FIVE YEARS.
INSTRUCTION FREE.
W.UMS. CARRIAGES AID IHi:VFSS.
- Fifty per -cent saved!
J^lJoH jGj'** BiiKpics f75 to $125
. j!s£&£2ri. ~7N. Carriages. f 'JO to S'-OD
/C^SKTKffISiP^ A/\ w »8«>n5....*50 to $100
WesWp everywhere.
V» AV7 California^V afton ; and
iSiXcX^ J^» Carriage Co., 36y a to
* '. *" =tta g 441/. Fremont St., &>.' F. ,
r4^ o fi&r!£
1
EL BONITO HOTEL
VTOW OPEN , TO -TOURISTS FOH THB
-Li season : salt and fresh water bathing, hunting
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: terms '
reasonable. G.W.MORGAN rr
Duncans 2 1 ills, Sonoma Co.,Cai,SAN FRANCISCO
VIEWED
FROM
HILL AND PAY
BEAUTIFUL for situation is San
Francisco on her hundred hills.
How heautiful, we who come and
go, daily, within her gates, are too
apt to foreet. At least I think it
must be forgetfulness that makes so many
of us speak slightingly of this wonderfully
picturesque city, comparing it with the
more conventional loveliness of others,
famous for their beauty. It is a misfor- j
tune when we allow the things of every
day life to become commonplace. It is
just this tendency of the human mind that
is at the root of so much carelessness and
bad citizenship. We ought to take seri
ously the dignity and beauty of our City,
and bring our standards of life and build
ing up to it.
There are many approaches to Pan
Francisco, but none without its peculiar
charm, unless one excepts the nrosaic i
entrance of the Menlo Park railroad by \
way of the south. 15ut it is the lay of the |
road rather than the surrounding country
that is at fault. It creeps through cuts
and devious ways and one gets but a
meager glimpse, here and there, of the
Tity. Outdoes better from the cars of the
6an Mateo electric road, where, from many
a commanding height, the City i? seen
spread out in what might be calied its
working garments. Tt is the horny hand
of toil that is here extended to greet you.
The City along this side is a thing of
higti towers and chimneys, lines of
tall masts and raking smokestacks along
the water front, «tockyards and factories,
docks and warehouses, grim and sug
gestive oi' toil, yet suggestive, too, of the
strange, picturesque, half-foreign flavor j
that is a part of all San Francisco. It is
grimy and smoky. Most of the buildings
are old and weatherbeaten; many are!
mossgrown and falling into premature de
cay. The}' were never intended as busi- i
ness buildings, and even in their old age
they seem unable to recover their aston
ishment at the surroundings in which
they find themselves.
There is a deep and pathetic interest,
too, in the once fine old homes along this
route, in tne vicinity of Harri-on, Bryant \
and Second streets, survivals of the days, \
not yet a «.oove of years ago, when Rincon
Hill was the most desirable site in the ''
City, and South Park the Pacific hoiqhts
of to-day in aristocratic exelusiveness.
There t? no more significant comment i
than tt-t .3 old homes ur on the wonderful !
growth of our City. They have far more ;
of an air of permanency than have nine- j
tenths of our more fashionable, modern ;
houses, yet they have for the most part
fallen into the neglect and decay of tran- j
sient and frequently changing tenancy.
Coming in from the park or the Cliff
House one gets a wholly different yet
equally picturesque view of the City.
Here again what at tirst seems a stretch of
dull gray houses hemming in dull gray
streets resolves itself, as the panorama
unfolds, into an interesting study in color.
There has been, on the whole, wistlom In
the apparent stupidity that has painted
our houses what a sarcastic observer
recently termed, "A uniform mud tint."
Whether by accident or design our painters
have produced a thoroughly democratic
effect of "the greatest good to the greatest
number." It is a general effect of restful
neutrality, pleasingly broken here and
there, and more frequently than the casual
observer would suspect, by bits of bright
ness. Were there greater diversity of
color a wooden city, such as ours, spread
out to view from hundreds of eminences, as
San Francisco must always be, would
present the appearance of an unspeakable
crazy-quilt with every patch the result of
separate and individual selection.
Perhaps of all the park routes the
Haight-street line presents the most won
derful view of the City as the descent is
made into its business center. From this
line, on the downward trip, one looks
across to the dark, smoky south, with its
teeming life, eastward, down Market
street, the great artery of the City, with
its hurrying multitude running to and fro
on the countless small errands that make
np human existence, and then northward,
where row upon row rise, beautiful homes
crowning the hills and resting in the val
leys between. Across the bay gleam the
three sister cities, Oakland, Berkeley and
Alameda, and far on the left the Marin
shore shows purple in the mists that pre
vail at this season.
Or. if one desires an impression of San
Francisco's great extent, such an impres
sion as cannot really be obtained from a
height, with eyes sweeping the whole City
at a glance, the drive in along the San
Bruno road will afford this, and is very
likely to cure an imaginative mind of any
iingering predilection for a level town.
Bui choose your day for this drive. It is
a ihing to be shunned and feared when
the trades are blowing.
But if, viewed from the land ways, San
Francisco is beautiful, seen from the water
Bhe has become famous. Where are our
poet.* ihat they have not long since sung,
our artists that they have not painted,
over and over again, the fair citj- on her
matchless buy? Whether one sails through
'he Golden Gate and up the channel, past
her sloping beaches and bold bluffs, or
ef her come nearer and nearer,
?" ; -ing Higher and higher, as the San
. and hausalito ferries round the
to their slips, or whether the more
direct trip is made from the Oakland
s, the picture is beautiful and com
plete; the majestic city is ever the same,
smiling upon allcomers from her count*
■is, waiting only the loving human
eftori to make her the wonderful thing she
shall yet be.
I low to insist upon this view of San
1- rancid!,. It cannot be urged too strenu
ously. Tjipj-e jf< no other city in America
so royally enthroned. There is no city
»ore or greater blunders have been
made in government and building. Per
' haps there is no other city so little appre
> ciated by its own people. But we are in;
--; proving in that regard, and awakening to
a sense of our City's possibilities It is not
a "boom" that San Francisco needs, nor
yet the "few nrst-ciass funerals" that im
patient spirits are wont to urge as a desid
eratum to progress, but an awakening, on
all sides, to a sense that nature has dealt
generously by us, and that we shall do well
I to plan and execute our City along the
; lines she has indicated.
These are very wonderful days in which
to study San Francisco from the water.
The "white day*" so prevalent just now
invest her with a new and weird beauty.
The fogs at this season are very different
from those we shall have a little later.
They are torn and drifted, showing the
City in snatches as the approach is made
by the ferries. Perhaps a long, snowy
ledge of vapor will stretch clear across the
water front, with the parallel lines of
streets climbing heavenward from out
: it. Or the mist will lift and drift above
the slips, cutting* off all but the higher
points of the City, the water front,
: the shippinz and wharves showing
darkly clear and distinct Deneath it.
Again, it floats in great banks, drifting
against the tallest buildings and hovering
in ragged, tossing clouds over the highest
heights. Beneath it the City lies, blue and
beautiful, and the smoke from her chim
neys sets the mist a-quiver with color —
rose and purple, orange and red, and
wonderful greens where it rests over the
wharves. There is something fascinating,
1 too, in the approach through a dense sum
, mer fog, when only the constant clangor
\ of the bell at the slip guides the steersman
i into port. From out the white mystery
■ come all the sounds of the City's busy life,
the clans; of cable-cars, the rolling of
i heavy wheels, the vibrating sounds of ma
: chinery, and even the calls of vendors
1 about the ferries, but of City there is no
\ glimpse until, at the very last, as the
j steamer creeps on through the mist, dim
and ghostlike, an outline looms up, dark
and low, that we know is the ferry build
ing.
I have seen the City a shimmerof vibrat
ing opaiescence in the delicate haze of an
autumn afternoon; clean and clear-cut as
a cameo after the early rains. It takes on
rare blues and purples, then, seen from
across the bay. and a little later, when the
surrounding hills are ciothed in green, the
effect is still more beautiful.
The approach at night is very lovely;
to watch the City light? climbing upward
to meet the stars, but more wonderful still,
on a clear starlight nigHt, is it to watch it
A FRENCH DINNER ON THE BEACH
BY W. O. MORROW.
There are just two men in San Francisco i
(if there are more they have a superb art I
\ for concealing their genius) who under
stand the art of cooking a delicious dinner
on the beach without any of the appli- I
! ances of the kitchen, and who in the em- I
; ploymer.t of their skill give a few of their I
! nearest friends an occasional outing which
! furnishes deligtits unknown to the great j
I sordid masses who cannot appreciate the
' charms of San Francisco. As might be
supposed, botli of these men are of foreign
birth and training, albeit one of them had
an American mother. Of course both were I
poor in their youthful days. One of them
is of Italian birth, the other French ; one
is a physician and popular man of society,
tne other a publisher enjoying prosperity
and confidence. Either one of them might
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
SAN FRANCISCO FROM BAIGHT-STREET HILL.
[The photograph from which the sketch uas made uas taken by Tabcr.)
from the hills across the Bay. The star- !
lighted heavens are not more beautiful
than that up-going, outstretching sweep
of vibratile light. The lights of the
City do not dance and flicker,
seen thus, but they seem to breathe and
pulsate with life and motion. The electric
lights, in particular, have this effect.
From height to height they seem to signal
and answer one another. The ships' lights
on ihe hay maintain a sort of connection
between the cities on either side the water,
and the stars above, rounding out the
mystical, sparkling sphere, complete a
spectacle worth making a pilgrimage to
behold. I know of no other locality or.
the continent that affords such a sight. I
know of no other sight so full of hopeful
inspiration. It reconciles one to all the
blunders cf thfi City's past and rills one
with hope for its future, when its citizens
shall know and love it as it should be
loved and known. Adeline Knatp.
make a fortune by writing a book on the
art oi cooking.
As the physician always has ladies in
his pleasant little picnic parties, and as
the Frenchman confines himself to male
quests, it has fallen out that! although
both these men are my good friends, it
has been only with the Frenchman that I
have enjoyed some wonderful days on the
sandy beach and in the brushy dunes of
this humpbacked peninsula. It is for the
purpose of describing one of the events
and showing the less fortunate residents
of this magical City how they might en
joy a similar pleasure that this is written.
We may be sure that no two of our trips
are alike, that the camp is never pitched
in the same place twice, that no two din
ners are similar, and that the inevitable
long drive that forms a part of it all is
sure to be taken into strange and odd
places unknown to the greater crowd that
grinds and groans in the City. One day it
may be a tour through the Potrero to
Hunters Point, where the big stone dry
dock is, and the dinner on a strip of sand
under the bluff not far away, with a subse
quent drive over the San Bruno road, the
most lonely and picturesque in town, re
turning by way of Baden and the San
Jose road. On another day it may be a
straight drive to Crystal Springs by way
of Milbrae, a dinner on the shore and a
return by way of San Mateo. Still another
day may find us threading the Presidio
and losing ourselves in a deep canyon be
tween the Marine Hospital and the park.
Again, it may be a drive out Point Lobos
avenue and down the ocean beach six or
seven miles past the Cliff House, with a
return by way of Ingleside and the Cor
bett road (a particularly favorite route for
us by reason of the fact that in a small
canyon at the base of Twin Peaks is the
hospitable home of a Frenchman with an
English wife, and if that is not a combina
tion of hospitable elements we must go
far afield to seek it).
For these trips my friend has a sturdy
two-wheeled cart that can go anywhere,
and it has an ample box body, closed with
a lid, for carrying the provisions. The
horse is one of those wise and uncanny
creatures that knows how to make an easy
grade for himself by zigzagging up a hill.
PORTION OF THE CITY SEEN FROM THE BAY.
[From a photograph by Tuber.]
These precautions are all a part of the able
skill of my friend.
On the last trip he took two of us in the
cart. As composed the party represented
France, England and America. The day
was gray. The spot selected was one
familiar to the Frenchman, and was chosen
with exquisite judgment. It was on the
ocean beach, far from the possibility of
intrusion. At the foot of a towering bluff
a ridge of sand, overgrown with the lush
mesembryanthernum of the peninsula,
separated a littlb trough from the beach
and shielded it from the wind. In that
nook, perfectly concealed from any chance
stragglers on the beach, a few yards away,
my friend unhitched his horse and started
England and America on a wood-gathering
expedition.
That was an ea?y task. The beach was
strewn with dry flotsam. I have stopped
with this Frenchman in places where it
seemed impossible to find even a twig for
making a tire, but he never worried about
that.
"Fuel always comes to a cook," he would
say; and it always did, although it re
quired two or three hard lessons line that
for me to acquire the art of getting fuel.
The Frenchman produced two steel rods
the size of a pencil. They were about
thirty inches long and sharpened at the
points. The ends of them were bent at
right angles, forming legs about eight
inches long. He stuck the rods in the
ground about an inch and a half apart,
GENERAL VIEW OF SAN FRANCISCO FROM THE TWIN PEAKS.
[From a photograph bylTaber.]
built a fire under them and waited for the
coals to appear.
Then he produced three dozen small
oysters from the mysterious cart-box,
opened them deftly with an ordinary table
knife, spread them on the half shell on a
newspaper and they constituted the first
course of the meal. A touch of lime was
their only seasoning.
By this time the coals were ready. The
box yielded up a dozen softsbell crabs
still alive. A quick pinch removed the j
tail and the crustaceans were laid on their j
backs on the parallel steel rods over the
coals. In a short time they were turned
on their bellies, then soon again on their
backs. The signal for this last turn was
their beginning to drip. This meant that
their fat was melting and must be saved
by turning them upon tueir backs. The
notice of their being done came when the
backs began to crack and the melted fat to
escape. Then they were removed. The
under shell was quickly stripped, and the
crab buttered and eaten out of hand, and
held very carefully so as not to permit the
best part of all to spill. This came last.
The cup of the upper shell after the meat
was gone was half full of a savory liquor.
A pinch of butter, which soon melted, and
a few drops of lime transformed it into a
delicious BwaJlow of something better than
a cocktail. No softsbell crab prepared
in the linest restaurant ever could be as
sweet and luscious as that. Three were
cooked at a time un til the twelve were gone.
Simple as all this iooks in the reading,
there is not one person in a thousand who
knows how to cook a softshell crab like
that or who has the smallest idea how de
licious it is. It was the perfect art of our
friend that produced the result.
The next course might have been tender
chickens to broil, but as on this occasion
it was a skirt steak, and as that article and
i the manner of preparing it are unknown
' to any but epicures who can cook, I shall
I select the mysteries of the skirt steak for
exposition. This steak is not a steak at
ail, but the diaphragm of the beef — the
long, strong muscle, as thick and as broad
as one's hand, that produces the inflation
and deflation of the lungs. The Frencn
artist-cook selects his steak usually eight
days in advance of the picnic. During the
I first four days it is kept hanging in a cool
\ place and the succeeding four in an ice
chest. That makes it tender and sweet.
This is the only steak that can be per
fectly broiled over coals. The reason for
this is that as the muscle runs lengthwise,
i instead of transversely, as in an ordinary
I steak, and is of just the proper thickness
! and is covered by a strong thin membrane,
■ its texture and vessels remain uncut, and
i it cannot "bleed" in the process of broii-
I ing. lience there is nothing to make a
j smudge by dripping, no creosote is formed
and not a drop of the juices and fats is lost.
A bed of coals had been made for the
advent of the steak. The long narrow
strip of muscle was laid lengthwise upon
j the rods. As these were so close together
as to permit the edges of the steak to hang
\ over the lire it looked awkward, but the
Frenchman, who is wise and knows his
business, gave this explanation:
"You see, a steak should never be turned
more than once over the coals. The hang
ing down of the sides and the setting of
the steak in that position produce a cup
when it is turned, and it holds all the
juices that may come up." And sure
enough it did, for although nothing
dripped from the lower side the "heat did
drive sorue juices to the top, and there
they were he!d. Into them the salt was
sprinkled just before the steak was ready
to be removed.
Then came another ingenious prepara
tion. A French loaf— none other will an
swer — was cut transversely in two and the
parts split lengthwise and spread with
soft butter. You never catch a sane
Frenchman using iced butter. Upon one
of these strips of buttered bread was laid a
strip of steak cut of a lengtn to fit it. With
a sharp penknife the steak was then
slashed through in a number of places.
Instantly the hot imprisoned juicea
poured out and mingling with the butter
soaked into the loaf. Before this had pro
gressed too far the upper slice of bread
was laid on the meat and the whole turned
over, so that both should be soaked and
none of the juices lost. In devouring this
delicious morsel either the method of the
cave-dweller or the penknife is suitable. I
submit that this entire process is a rare
combination of philosophy and art.
Of course there has been an abundance
of light red wine, an honest, California
article. This yielded to burgundy in the
succeeding course, and that in turn to
what my. friend called champagne; but
this is anticipating.
Tt> have hot black coffee without
even the coffee-pot is ununusual, but
my friend accomplishes it. He makes
coffee at home and brings it in a
bottle. This he sets to the leeward of the
hre and about a foot from it. In half an
hour it is hot. If he has a stone ale bottle
he quietly remarks that it will inform us
when tne coffee is ready. This it does by
ejecting the stopper with a pop. If he
uses a glass bottle he puts in more sugar
than in the case of a stone bottle, as the
sugar prevents the cracking of the glass.
At least that is what he says, and ha
knows. But the curious thing about it is
that the stopper does not pop out of the
glass bottle, and so the scheme is hardly
so complete and fascinating. The coffee
is drunk out of the glass tumblers used
for wine, and it is flavored with a little
raw rum.
The course following the steak is a littla
French sausage, of the bologna type,
sliced thin, or a small pudgy garlic sausage,
which is best of all. In spite of Italy's
superior refutation for sausages the French
kinds seem to me to be far daintier. Fol
lowing the sausage comes fruit, and then
the "champagne." This consists of good
California white wine mixed with soda
water.
Thus we have had a French dinner at a
trifling cost and cooked by a artist without
any kitchen utensils. In the meantime
we have been enjoying the great green
waves combing the beach, have clambered
over the hills strewn with wild flowers,
have luxuriated in the lawless fun and
frolic of the outing, have sung songs and
toid stories, and then go home with,
browned faces and contented hearts. It i 3
the easiest thing in the world to enjoy an
outing in San Francisco.
LINCOLN WAITED.
The President at MoClellan's Head
quarters.
General Sickles rareJy sits down to a
table with old soldiers without contribu
ting some valuable historical reminiscence.
At a banquet the other evening he told
this story: "It was, I should think, very
early in the winter of 186L-6:J that having
some business with General McClellan, I
walked up one forenoon to his headquar
ters — in Admiral Semmes' house, opposite
the Arlington. The man on duty said the
general was engaged, and asked me to
wait. I took a seat, and shortly the
Secretary of War came in and inquired
for the general. An officer came out of
the next room, said the general was busy
just then, and asked the Secretary of
War to take a seat and wait. Mr. Cam
eron sat down and we fell into conversa
tion. In a few minutes Mr. Lincoln cama
in and inquired for General McClellan. The
officer repeated what he had said to us,
that the general was very busy, and Mr.
Lincoln would have to wait. The Presi
dent sat down with us and said, 'All right,
I'll wait.' The Secretary of War re
marked that the President ought in some
way to have access to one of his generals.
Lincoln threw one leg over the other, as
if prepared for a long siege, and said:
'Oh, no. It's all right. My time is of no
special value and the general is engaged,
in attending to our business. I can wait
as well as not.' And he fell into his
famous story-telling, showing not the
slightest impatience at the necessity of
cooling his heels in the anteroom of a
man who was a civilian less than a year
oefore, and whom he himself had ap
pointed to office. The incident illus
trated," added General Sickles, "two
things — first, that Mr. Lincoln wtl one of
the most unpretentious of men, and
second, that at that time everybody, in
cluding: McClellan himself, expected Mc«
Clellan to put down the rebellion."—
Washington Post.
A Frenchman named Villon has in*
vented a novel method of sealing cham
pagne bottles. The loss and deterioration
of champagne due to the escape of gas
long, he says, made some process of per
fect air-tight sealing desirable. M. Villon
accomplishes this by covering the cork
and part of the neck with a thin layer ol
copper electrically deposited.
1516
THE WHITE RATS
OF THE
WATER
FRONT
Vf 3 *^ OWN on the water front, along
\V where Telegraph Hill frowns
3 OWN on the water Gibraltar, on
where Telegraph Hill frowns
down, like another Gibraltar, on
the beach and on the wharves
at the foot of Sansome street —
flourishes a fraction of the City's popula
tion which directories fail to discover,
which does not figure on the voting regis
ter, nor on the tax lists; yet which plays a
role of absorbing interest in the complex
drama of everyday life, and which con- |
stitutes a rather striking factor in the sum
total of the metropolitan makeup. The
members of this fraction of the population
carry on commerce without capital; they
are wreckers without license; tradesmen
unknown to trade; philosophers without
learning; speculators who invest nothing |
and make something out of it; strangers \
to the schoolroom and apt pupils in the i
world's roughest school. They have eyes I
that sparkle and wits that flash; they dis
.play nerve that astonishes and glory in
slane that shocks. They are self-reliant, j
shrewd, sroaxt, bold, saucy, quick with
answers, and capable of doing good turns
toward the needy as well as mean turns j
against the objects of their hatred. They
are called the "White Rats of the "Water
Front."
They know nothing of Altruria, but j
they practice the co-operative system, and j
every member pets his fair share of the j
receipts of their numerous enterprises.
They know more about the daily history i
of the City than most of the people in it.
They make nickel wagers on the races; j
indulge in the seductive negro game of i
GATHERING FIREWOOD.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]'
Yf N the thirty-nine years of his experi-
I enoe on the turf Orrin A. Hickok, the
I famous trainer and driver of trotting
J^ and pacing hor-ses, has handled the
ribbons in a sufficient number of mile
heats in public races to cover a distance
which, on a straightaway course, would be
a little greater than the distance between
San Francisco and Xew York. If the
average gait were 2:20, which means a rate
of 37 5-7 feet per second, the actual time
consumed in traveling 3038 miles, or a
distance equal to that between this City
and the metropolis of the Atlantic side,
would be 4 days 22 hours 8 minutes and 40
seconds.
Orrin Hickok is 56 years old. and since
he turned his seventeenth year he has
been continuously occupied in training
and driving rrotters and pacers. His
father was a great horseman and main
tained a horse farm in Ohio. In his
youthful days Orrin had a fancy for riding,
but, growing rather too heavy for that
styie of racing, he made driving his
specialty, and to-day his trim figure is
familiar in all the grand circuit tracks of
America. From his father's farm in his
native Buckeye State, therefore, Orrin
drifted into the racing Held, beginning his
pubiic career at Chicago in 1856.
''The first celebrated trotter brought out
by me," said Mr. Hickok the other even
ing, "was the mare Lucy. In 1871-72 the
two fastest trotting horsea in the world
were Goldsmith Majd and Lucy. In 1872
the latter won the $10,000 trotting purse at
liufialo, N. V., in 2:1 X%. Ii was wonder
"craps" on the sly in dark corners; dis.
cuss the Brown scandal,, and laugh at the
shortcomings of humanity in general.
Take some of these "white rats i: out of
their miserable haunts, give them a bath,
dress them in neat ciothes and their bright
ness and good looks might attract atten
tion. Christian charity need not sail to
Asia for subject* — there are very appropri
ate subjects for treatment here. They are
little books, containing tales of poverty,
and they are bound in rags.
Stroll down to "Whitelaw's wharf some
morning when the sun is smiling, and you
may witness an exceedingly common ex
ample of wharf-rat industry. There is a
loose board at the beach end of the planks,
one foot wide and two feet long. This is
raised up and a couple of urchins — 8 or 10
years old, perhaps — lower themselves to
the rock foundation underneath the wharf.
There the teredo has been pursuing his
work of destruction ; and there laborers
are engaged in replacing the ruined spiles.
A teredo-eaten spile is rolled aside ; but
it does not block any passageway for long,
for the urchins twain are on hand to grap
ple with it. They do wonderful things—
these little fellows; they carrry burdens
as big as themselves. A head is poked up
through the hole in the wharf, and a voice
cries, "Hey, get a move on — lower de
rope!" An arab aloft on the wharf lets
down the rope, and straightway rises an
indignant voice fFom below, "Make a loop,
you Chinaman!" The loop is made, the
rope let down, and soon the signal to j
"pull away" is wafted up from the
ful time ia those days. In the spring of
that same year Goldsmith-Maid electrified ,
the sporting world by rounding the mile :
in 2:15% at Boston. The astonish ing ,
records of these latter days are attributable ;
in no small degree to the assistance of the
bicycle sulky. Since Lucy's time I have
driven Huldain 2:03 and Angie D, the :
pacer, in 2:07. One of my present string j
of trotters, Buzzeta, has a record of 2:06^,
and at Lexington, Ky., last October, I won I
the record for double teams with Miss i
Bita and Josie I) in S:I3W.
"You seldom hear of long-distance trot- j
ting races in these times, but in 1874, at I
Oakland, I drove Jack Stewart in a race of
twenty miles, circling tbe mile track
twenty times in 58 minutes and 59 seconds |
and winning a purse of $3000.
"In the best racing years I have driven
from forty to fifty races, generally the best
three in rive heats, but twenty races a year
would perhaps be a liberal average. Last
year was an exceedingly poor year and the
number only reached ten.
"Horseracing has been my life business,
and it is a hard business to break away
from. If I had my life to live over again,
though, knowing what I do of my chosen
field, I would never engage in horseracing.
It has pleasurable excitement to the
throng; it has moments that thrill one
through and through; but the business of !
horseracing is fraught with much worry
a»d anxiety. It is full of uncertainties.
To-Bay I may be the possessor of a world
beater, worth his weight in gold. To-mor
row, according to schedule, he must trot
the race of his life, to save his old laurels
and "win new ones. In the night, however,
he may be injured, and so hopes are shat- i
tered and we have dead weight for the
weight in gold, Horseracing v a business i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
gloom of the pillared cavern. A trio
of ragamu.'rins pull and haul till beads
of perspiration gather on their foreheads,
and, rolling down, make creases in the
dirt from brow to chin.
"Once more — everybody — now!" is
shouted In an ascending scale, and now
the spile is landed on the sunlit ground.
Again and again the operation is repeated
on new-fallen spiles until the arabs
have realized an ordinary cord of wood.
They gather about and, as far as possible,
make an equal division, after which the
child laborers proceed to bear away their
respective shares to their homes on the
rocky hill. The arabs laugh as they
march away shouldering sticks that one
would think were burden enough for a
full grown man. The "wharf rats" do not
groan as they tug; each vies with the other
in overcoming difficulties, and failure in
an undertaking would mean the onslaught
of chaffing critics.
The wood being stored the gang takes
another tack. Under the wharf with crab
nets they go to emerge later with a num
ber of big, fat crabs. These are carried to
the base of the giant hill, where, in a pro
tected nook, the "white rats" kindle a
flame in an improvised fire place of rocks.
A great rusty powder can is called into
requisition and a committee brings tip
water from the salty bay. Tiie crabs are
dropped into the powder can, a sheet of
tin is used for a cover and the "rats" sit
around and swap stories, or limber them
selves and turn somersaults, or do some
| thing else of a diverting nature until mi
i vestigation proves that the crabs are suf
! ficiently boiled.
Crab after crab is fished up; the shell
goes here, the legs there, and in a few sec
onds every one of the gang is picking
| away at the crustaceous delicacy and
working his jaws as an indication of
healthy relish.
Are these street arabs gallant? On that
point you may stake your life. A little
girl, poorly clad and with a look of hunger
written oil her thin face, happens along.
She stops and gazes with half a sigh at
the banquet in the rocky nook. Ah!
there's where little hearts respond — under
the brow of Telegrapn Hill. Xobody talks
about giving. Bat the last crab in the
powder-can is fished out of the boiling
brine and a barefoot boy is running with
it to the side of the little maiden.
"Do not give me all — it is too much,"
ahe says.
"We've got heaps more," cries the boy
and scampers back to his comrades, leav
ing the little girl smiling through tears of
gratitude.
The "white rats" think nothing of this;
they would scorn to boast of such little
things. They merrily laugh and play
again, and if, perchance, their appetites
are still unappeased the bay is populated
largely with crabs and the boys under- i
stand how to reach them. Crabs prepared
by royal chefs and served in palaces taste
not half so good to the epicurean million
aire as these crabs, boiled in sea brine, to
the "white rats" of the beach.
Not many yards removed from White
law's wharf are ;o be seen a number of un
sightly piles, known as the dumps. From
all parts of the City come the trash and
refuse that build up these hills of rubbish ;
and dirt. It is attornoon and the "'white
rats" are busily delving in the black heaps.
"What are you seeking, my boys?"
"Spec," is the quick reply.
"And what is 'spec,' pray?"
"Junk!"
A kindly disposed person inquired tho
name of the youth who Acted as spokes
man for the gang.
"Willie ShaiiKhnPssy," said the boy;
"dey dubs me 'Baldy' fer short."
"Have you ever attended school, Willie?"
"Yep."
"How long, my son?"
"Eight mont's."
"Why did you stop?"
"Fired !'
"And whit for?"'
"Being good. "
One of the arabs stepped up, y,itn the
query, "Ha'hi't you never heard o' Baldy?
Don't read de papers, I guess. Say, he's
de geeser dat dug iip all de swag on Bay
street. Say, it was hot times den."
"And what is the story about this 'swag,'
as you terra it, Willie?" the curious
stranger'asks.
"W'y, y'see," replies Baldy, striking an
attitude of self-importance and throwing
his head back so as to peer straight into
the eyes of the questioner; "y'see, I was
under de sidewalk ratting for bones, and
wat does I do but hits ke'plunk against
two big sacks covered wid dirt. I ?ays,
['Wat's here?' says I. I opens one od e
I sacks, and gee-whiz— it made me head
i swim ! bay ! It was silver dollars — bushels
o' dem. I was a kid den, 1 was, and wat
does I do but run? over to some o' de big
blokes on de beach and shoots off me
! rnout' about de boodle. Yep, and dey
trur. me down. Dey swipes de two sacks.
I I got me fist in one o' dem and hooks out
that demands great care and increasing
watchfulness.
"There is not so much money in racing
as many seem to believe. They hear of
large sums won, but not so much about
the big sums lost. On this coast the run
ning horse holds the leading place of inter
est at i»resent, and trotting is necessarily
dull. I now have a string of sixteen trot
ters in training at Oakland. These I will
take East for the grand circuit— Detroit,
Cleveland, Chicago, New York and other
big tracks— about the Ist of May. This
string represents the finest stable I have
ever had. I always drive my own races
and superintend the training of my horses,
having trustworthy men to assist me."
Twenty races a year for thirty-nine years,
if we accept an average of four heats to each
race, would make a grand total of 3120
miles traveled by Mr. riickok behind his
trotters. This, if he were driving on a
straightaway course across the continent,
would leave him eighty-two miles to spare
after a journey from here to Gotham.
Long ago somebody suggested a National
boulevard from the Atlantic to the shores
of the sundown spa. If tit* bicycle and
the electrocycle do not retire the horse too
soon the country may yet stand along a
3000-mile paved highway and witness a
passing race (drivers and trotters chang
ing half hourly or thereabout) across the
continent from sea to sea.
A EOMANCE OF SCIENCE.
Approaching Semi-Centennial of the
suiii hs.iiii:m Institution.
Next September will b? celebrated the
semi-centennial anniversary of the birth
of the Smithsonian Institution. The fact
that this event will excite a most sympa
thetic interest wherever throughout the
world there is a home of learning or a
place for the pursuit of knowledge is the
strongest possible testimony to the unique
character of our National center of scien
tific research. Its history reads like a
romance rather than a leaf from the
most commonplace period of American
annals. The impulse that prompted
James Sraithson— an illegitimate son
of tbe first Duke of Northumberland—
to write in his will in 1826 the follow
ing passage came from nobody knows
where: "I bequeath the whole of my
property to the linked States of America,
to found at vV'ashinpton, under the name
of the Smithsonian Institution, an estab
lishment for the increase and diffusion of
knowledge among men." Smithson never
visitsd this country, and there is no evi
dence that he had any but the most super
"THE WHITE RATS OF THE WATER FRONT" PREPARING FOR A FEAST.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
forty dollars 'fore dey got away. Say !
Maybe we didn't sport, eh? De whole
gang fed in de high-toned hash factories,
and I bought meself a suit o' clothes 'way
up in G. De big blokrs blowed demselves
all over the water front and up in de stores.
De swag was all 'round — everywhere —
w'en de cops got onto it. Say! De whole
cheese was bogus!"
Baldy stopped a moment to allow the
fresh Jistener to his ott-told story to re
corer from the surprise that should follow
all such climaxes. Then He scratched his
head and wound up: "Dem was high
rollin'days on de front. 1 wa9 10 years
ola den, and dats four years ago. No more
boodle found down here — dis ain't no safe
deposit!"
"You spoke of hunting for bones, Wil
lie?"
"Yep. Bones is t'irty-rive cents a sack.
De bones is used to pure de sugar up de
refinery."
"Well, what do you find, for the most
part, in the dumps? and what profits do
you make?" pursued the inquisitive man.
"Scrap-iron — lots ol it — quarter cent a
pound. Brass — one cent pound. Rags —
say, dey rob u.s on rags — live cents for do
sack! Ain't dat robbery? Bottles — one
cent apiece. Beer bottles — two and a half
cents."
The boys pick rags and hunt scraps and
bottles on a strictly partnership ba«is.
When a sack is filled with scraps it is
dragged to the junkshop and the money
realized from the sale is divided among
the numbers of tne gang. The money 13
spent in such luxuries as swimming at ttie
baths, crossing the bay for an excursion,
visiting the Ciiff or in feasting at a chop
house.
"We finds loads o' stuff we don't look
for in de dumps," observed Baldy. "Once
dere was a pair o' roller skates — good as
new. Den dere was a pair od ese — w'at
you-call-'era glasses wat de high-toned
jays squint t'ro' at de bailey-dancers. It
was ivory, too. But scraps is de stuff
wat counts on de long jog."
A husky youngster with a piercing
urnn a. Hickok, the Horseman >\ ho lias Had an Experience of Nearly Forty
Years on the Turf.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
ficial knowledge of the character of its
people and its institutions. His library
contained only two volumes relating to
America, but the writer of one of these
predicted that Washington, then a town
of 5000 inhabitants, with the stumps of the
virgin forest still remaining on Pennsyl
vania avenue, would one day rival in mag
nificence and splendor the cities of the
whole world. He may have heard, too, of
hlack eye and a sharD face sauntered up.
He introduced himself as Georgie Lang.
Baldy supplied the information that Lang
was "de champion fist-fighter o' de gant;,
but I licked 'im wid de gloves."
Lang said he learned to light "up in Gir
van's lot on Bay street."
"Billy Wilson loaned us de gloves," said
the champion, "an' I done up all de kids
but Baldy. Baldy put me out wid de
gloves, but w'en he tackles me fair fist,
den's w'en you'll see who's de champion."
This intimation was too much for Baldy,
who cannot afford to allow such doubts to
shake his prestige with the gang. A chal
lenge immediately followed Lang's clos
ing sentence. The date of the fight re
mains to be set. "Tilly, the Rat," a de
scendant of the Ctrsars, and Patsy Kelley,
a bright roguish-looking lad of 10, vol
unteered to act as seconds. There will be
no aanger of police interference in this
championship battle, because the "White
Rats of the Wharf," unlike the Corbett
and Fitzsimmons ilk-, are genuine sports,
mean what they say, and abhor the name
of "faker."
The "wharf rats" range in a?e from 8 to
! 14 years, Baldy having reached the latter
\ figure. Could many of these boys have
I proper care and training, they might dis
i tinguish themselves as men. Perhaps
I some of them will, in spite of their youth's
■ environments, in spite of associates with
I vicious elements; in spite of all the evil
i influences around their daily lives: for
I they are not ail bad, and some of them are
surely "diamonds in the rough."
But any article that touches, even thus
lightly, upon life among the youth of the
water front would be incomplete without
some reference to the endeavors of a num
ber of good-hearted people of means to
smooth the rough lot of the urchins of that
locality; and, of course, the youngsters
i thereabout are not all to be deemed "white
I rats." There are many little boys »nd
i girls on the front who are positively eager
j to acquire the mental arms of learning;
I caper to improve themselves by all avail
-1 able means. There are more, however,
the passage in Washington's farewell ad
dress recommending as an object of the
highest importance the founding of insti
tutions for the increase and diffusion of
knowledge.
In any case Smithson, who was himself
a scientific investigator of no mean fame,
and was, indeed, declared on competent
authority to be one of the most accom
plished mineralogists in Europe, doubtless
who must be attracted and lured by amus
inglpastirnesand healthful diversions from
the influences of the street?.
There is a City Front Boys' Club in the
second story of the brick building at 615
Sansome street. That ciub is a scheme of
splendid promise. It has ncariy a hun
dred members at present, and as it i 3
growing continuously it is probable that
very soon the whole building will be leased
for the benefit of the boys.
There are some ten classes of these
1 ONCE MORE. NOW, EVERYBODY ! "
concluded that here was the place where a
fair endowment for the promotion of sci
ence would do the most good. He must
have reached this conclusion after mature
deliberation, for he evidently cherished
the most sanguine expectations of the lus
ter of tin; institution which he was to
found. "On my father's side," he wrote,
"I am a Northumberland, on my mother's
I am related to kings; but this avails me
not. My name shall live in the memory
of man when the titles of the
Northumherlands and the Percys
arc extinct and forgotten." And
yet it seemed for a while as if his bequest
was to be futile. He died in 1820, and it
was six years after his death that the
United States legation in London was no
tified that his estate, amounting to about
one hundred thousand pounds sterling,
was held in possession of the accountant
general of the Court of Ciiancery. There
came from Congress a chorus of objection
to the acceptance of the gift on the ground
of National dignity and of the Jess worthy
consideration that Smithson had tried
to get immortality at too modest a price.
It was mainly due to the efforts of John
Quiney Adams that this opposition was
finally overcome, and Richard Rush was
sent to England to prosecute the claim
of oin* Government to tne Smitnson be
quest.
The decision of the court was reached
with a celerity quite unexampled in the
history of that tribunal, and by Septem
ber, 1838, the first proceeds of the legacy,
in the form of 104,960 gold sovereigns, were
duly delivered to the Philadelphia mint,
where they were promptly recoined into
508,318 American dollars. Two supple
mentary returns from the bequest were re
ceived, amounting to about $;>O,OQO, and
the permanent fund, swelled by tome re
cent bequests, now amounts to $911,000,
which is held as a deposit bearing 6 per
cent interest in the United States treasury.
It took eight years after the receipt
of the bequest to enable the wise men
of the Nation to decide what to do
with it, and to Joseph Henry, who became
the first secretary of the institution, is
mainly due the credit of showing how the
intentions of the founder could be most
effectively carried out. Henry's plan was
based on the conviction that Smithson's
intention was to advance science by orig
inal research and publication; that the es
tablishment was for the benefit of mankind
generally, and that all unnecessary expend
itures on local objects would be violations
of the trust. In that spirit the institution
was conducted through a whole generation
by Professor Henry himself, and through
another by his successor, Proiessor Baird.
In that spirit it is directed now by Pro
fessor Langley and his associates, each
year of its history making substantial ad
youngsters, and they are taught by kind
ladies who devote afternoons from 3 to 6
o'clock to the work of instructing the little
fellows in such useful trades as may be
easily mastered.
The members are taught, for instance,
the art of making wicker-baskets and
demijohn-covers; how to make mats out
of rope, and hammocks out of cording.
Their work is sold at the market price and
the profits are divided among the workers.
Here is the beginning of a trade education,
with an immediate incentive to learn.
The boys work faithfully, spurred by the
knowledge that their labor will bring re
-1 quitement. The club is not a religious
i affair, but is maintained by contributions.
Mrs. Phoebe Hearst is one of the most lib
eral among the supporters of the plan.
In the evening the club is open from 7
to 9:30 o'clock, and Manager Hughson,
who has had experience with boys in con
nection with the New York Tribune's
fresh-air fund, acts as» athletic instructor
and defender of the peace at these evening
meetings.
It is not only in Girvan's lot on Bay
: street that boys can with the gloves.
j In the City Front Club there are boxing
mittens of superior make. There in the
evening the arabs gather and have set-tos
I that awake enthusiasm and thunders of
vocal as well aa pedal applause. The boys
have beautiful scraps at the club, but they
j never get ill natured about such affairs.
Each one learns to take his medicine like
a man, and although some hard hitting is
indulged in nobody whimpers and nobody
complains.
In the athletic-room there are pendant
rings and turning-boards, horizontal and
; parallel bars, trapeze and mat ami dumb
j bells and swinging clubs. If anything
j would attract the average boy of the
i water front these opportunities for athletic
exercise and sportive enjoyment are the
things.
They have a reading-room. When there
are not chairs enough to seat all the toys
the floor is not too good to squat down
upon, and the boys are not a bit averse to
• settling down on the floor and there pur-
I suing their reading or picture studies.
The shelves in tlie reading-room contain
many picture-books, magazines and
periodicals that good people send in. The
Youth's Companion, Puck, Judge, Har
per's Young People, Life and a host of
I other publications are strewn about.
There is also the nucleus of a library on
the shelves. Robinson Crusoe is in evi
| dence, besides Fenimore Cooper's stories,
'■ Pilgrim's Progress, Fairy Tales, Dickens'
works, Scottish Chiefs, Mark Twain's
"Merry Tales" and a number of stories of
travel and adventure. And tlrere is also
I an American Encyclopedia.
\ In another room there are various
' games and amusements— checkers, chess,
; authors, bagatelle and the like. In a few
j weeks an entertainment will be given by
i the boys, and Manager Hughson expects to
1 astonish the patrons of the club by feats
that will put them in mind of Olympian
games in the infant stage. The club mem
' bers are telling other boys on the front
about their h'ne boxing-gloves and punch
ing-bag and trapeze— and these very things,
: let it be hoped, may serve to break up
i and even reclaim the gang known as the
"White Kats of the water front"— boys,
as was mentioned before, not altogether
devoid of good traits— boys worth the
strongest efforts to save.
ditions to the sum of its usefulness and its
well-earned fame, both home and abroad.
—Boston Herald.
• — ♦ — ♦
Ceylon has a spider which spins a yellow
web, the threads of which are almost as
large as button-hole twist. Its weDs are
often from six to eight feet across.
new to-dat:
DOH DRAG YOUR FEET.
Lifeless Movements and
■■■■ You're Always Tired.
' Poor Circulation Caused by Tobacco— Heart
Action Seriously Affected and
| Blood Nicotine-Tainted.
. - ;
■-'••" r • , Do you fee'! hurt t
ill \ 1 a ■ Pains in the legi,
i La 1 1/ Ibe^ivv the knees ? .
. f\ \ / A * Feet cold daytime,
' I / J^ burning at night 7
1 I i^. '\f Many other paint
• V J' • p v^e* ' • and symptoms ?
\^"- ; _^ -.. They are caused
1 xT "T**^ ~~C y poor circulation
' S> V, i hi. ™* cecause your heart
' *Ss^ action is weakened
• I • *^ >>y ,' by nicotine, . and
, your DiutMi is tobacco-poisoned. Towccoweak-
: ens the heart-notion/ the blood is not pumped
fast enough. Your feet get cold, ache and burn
, by turns. No wonder, you feel like; putting
them head-high when you sit down. ■.• . •
Don't you know that tobacco weakens all th«
' ; nerve-centers, and is the cause of many a weak,
. ! tired, lifeless, listless feeling ?
There is a guaranteed cure, No-To-Bac. which
has cured over 300,000 cases, and will cure you
'. '■ just as it has Senator Ellington and ; the Hon.
j R. H. Pearce, who
; USED TOBACCO 27 YEARS.
1 Thompson', *-, Nov. 23.
i I Dear Sirs— After using tobacco nearly twenty-
I , seven years I took two and one half, boxes of
' ; your No-To-Bac, which freed m* of the pernicious
1 | habit, and have not tasted tobacco since, neither
i have I any desire for It. I h»<l previously tried a
• number of antidotes, but without success. : Home
. months ago I procured three boxes for the Hon. 0
H. Ellington, of this place, late Siato Senator and
I j now President of the Farmers' State Alliance of
• ; Georgia. He had used » tobacco excessively for
. thirty years. He used two doxps of No-To-Bac and
I Immediately discontinued the use of tobacco.
' Yours truly, .
JR. H. PEARCE, Clerk of Supreme Court.
' t It all rests with you. Why not try No-To-Bac
1 j under absolute guarantee of cure by your own
- druggist? ; If you don't like feeling well, enjoy-
i ! Ing new manhood, you can learn tobacco usinit
, over again. ■ Get our booklet, "Don't Tobacco
. 9pit and Smoke Your Life Away," written guar-
antee and free sample mailed - for • the asking
. Address the Sterling Kemedy Co., , Chicago o*
' New York. jTHE RUCK & WRECK OF HUMAN KIND ALONG THE LOWER LEVELS
r.' . .■.-*r^\ HIS is one story. It
I] is told by Sergeant Car
t. I) son. She
//"^ / y is sitting One
/^ <. -^ with her o f
V) /- back to ,
the wall in the
the little front room up a Best
flight of stairs at the Wor- ,
an's Shelter in Stevenson Of
street. Something of the the
emell of Stevenson street and //J( /
the shrill oaths and obscen- . „
ity of children at play keep ' Have
race with the telling and Ever
seem to become a part of it. U*nrri
Sergeant Carson is a reason- JlZ t
ably young woman. She is ~ Bhtmdg.
married, but as to her husband she says,
"We are two." That is her affair and no
part of the story. She became converted at
San Jose not so very long ago and soon after
came up and applied for a place in the
"social wing" of the Salvation Army. At
the opening of the Shelter last January
Bhe was appointed to take charge. When
she looks at you, ana before she has spoken,
you know that she has had experience.
Her expression is not sad, for she has
not only her religion of "blood and tire,"
but a philosophy that is much cooler. She
will not fail to see what ever of grim humor
there may be in all the familiar horror of
the days and nights at the Shelter.
"One day a clean woman came here"
this little bit for instance. ''Her under
skirts were not much soiled, her nails were
cared for. I selected the best bed for her
and did not think of asking her to take a
bath — which with the others I insist on.
I went about telling the sisters of what
had happened. They were as much i
affected as I was. But the next morning ■
one of them expressed the fear that I had
made a mistake. We went into the new
comer's room, which she had already put
in order, turned back the covers and there
were three large 'graybacks' snuggled up i
so comfortably in one of the creases of the
sheet that it almost seemed a pity to dis- \
turb them."
She keeps a "register" of her guests j
with running comment that may serve the
purpose of a background against which j
they may stand in relief should they some
time be saved. It runs like this:
Mary Davis — Intelligent girl. Knows
enough to come in out of the wet. It wa»
raining. Three days from the County Jaii.
Kas had great success in her rustle for drinks
Jennie McCarthy— Bugs. Knows the loca
tion of the County Jail. Sober and much dis
heartened.
Kate Duncan— Clothes torn and a large con
tused lump on her head. Says her husband
disputed with her.
Mary Melville — Young; pretty; very
dirty; physically unable to speak the truth.
Says she is a stranger in town.
At first glance Mrs. Carson is not pretty.
Her mouth is large and is set out of cor
rect lines. Her eyes do not fill with tears
because of the sins of the world nor do '
they beam unduly in the conscious merit
Ol her occasional jest. They are large
and brown and full of knowledge. An
old woman figures in the story as break
ing a uniform silence at table by a fit of
laughing and explaining it by saying, "I
was thinking of how I fooled Judge Camp
bell." When the sergeant quotes herself
as saying, "Well, now. Mary, tell us how
you got to the Judge," it gives you no sur
prise. Not the sergeant alone, but all
these army people, have an exemplifica
tion of all their methods in their manner
of speech. It is so much the practical,
out-of-doors way of saying things that,
taken in connection with the business of
saving souls, it passeth all understanding.
Understand the sergeant does not get
into print willingly. In fact she only
came into the room after considerable per
' suasion on the part of her assistant, and
there was an interval of fully fifteen mm
ules by the somewhat faulty clock on the
mantel that was filled with broken and
irregular approaches to this story.
As sue tells it she sits a little awKwardly
in her chair, her knees apart, and one large
shoe that appears from under her dress is
tipped over on its side. She wears a
blue cloth, stiff-rimmed hat, the rim
drooping a little with time and
wear and the hat not sitting
squarely on the head. Her dress is of
green cloth, with a bit of velvet trimming
about the neck and lie breast. Altogether
she is neat and sightly. There is no touch
of the red of the army about her. Neither
is there in the calico-clad, stouter, older,
more voluble assistant that' sits at the
other end of the table, leaning interestedly
forward, eager with frequent interruption.
As I shall not myself interfere with the
sergeant once she gets started, I shal l not
allow the assistant — a very kindly old
woman — to do so.
She had been talking about the women
who seek the shelter, how some of them
came rolling in at all hours, how bathing
was a necessary incident to their recep
tion and before they were given a clean
nightdress and a clean bed, how they
fought against it generally, and how one
of them, after having been persuaded,
against long and bitter protest, had passed
the ordeal, and had finally reached com
fort between the white upper and nether
sheets, clad in a clean night robe, was
overcome in the silence of the nights'
brooding upon the insult, and, leaving the
bed, rushed into the street crying for help
and neaping curses upon the place. The
policeman that responded she begged to
go in and get her clothes, as she would
have no more of it.
'.rail, jail, jail, jail, jail, jail, jail. That
• is what's the matter with the women who
come here. They have been sent to jail so
much. They cannot be made to understand
that there is some one who really cares
for them. They understand the jails. The
police they look upon as a uniformed or
ganization to get rid of them. It is their
one speculation— how many days they will
get next time. They come out of the jail
and go into hilling until perhaps about the
third day when they are drunk enough to
be bold or careless. Then they go up again.
The police courts depm it their business to
free the cleaner public from contact with
these people; these people know it, and
that is all they know of society— that it is :
organized to get rid of them. Therefore
they find it difficult to associate any other ,
idea with our relationship 'to them j
and they fret and fight when
they encounter, a rule which we require
them to observe. The police themselves
smile at our efforts in the case of the
wrecks familiar to them. They say. 'Oh, |
yes you mean • well, but we know this
one'; we have been passing her along for
lifreen yearß.' .. ..,
"But out of this ruck once in a while a
woman lifts up her head. There has fil- ,
tered through her brain a realization of i
the meaning of our care of her. ~lt is not |
long after that until she is doing good in I
the world. . . .
"There was the case"— now this is the ,
story-"of Old Kate. I will call her Old i
Kate. I met her just after I came to town ■
and frequently. = . J
"She was on the Barbary Coast and I was
! a soldier attached to the corps at the Sal-
i vation Dive on Kearny street. 1 met her
! often on tie street, and, ah! she was a
i disreputable Kate — filthy in her person
! and her language. You know we have
regular visitors to the jails and prisons. I
■ was assigned to the branch County Jail,
i and there 1 met Kate on a better footing
; than I ever had before. She was sober,
1 and could understand what 1 taid. I sat
! with and talked to her. I said: 'Kate, bear
this in mind. lam your friend. There is
j no need of your spending any more years
!of your life in this place. When ynu get
i out this time come to me. I want to help
you; I am your friend.'
"She said she would, but I was sure she
wouldn't. There was that little incredu
lous giimmer in the eye that speaks of
i unbelief. I did not leave her at that, but
every time I visited the prison I talked to
j her, "for she seemed at least well pleased at
j my attention. Her time expired and she
1 went back to Barbary Coast. Where
j would she go? What can they do? Their
I old habits and associations are strong
upon them. Set down in the streets by
the prison van, they know they are marked.
j There is the prison look about them, and
j they turn, with hardened, hopeless faces,
! back to their haunts aii'l into hiding until,
I as I said, emboldened by whisky, to take
their chancos with the police again.
"Kate had forgotten all about me, I am
I sure, until this period returned to her.
People criticize our methods. Well, never
i mind that. We were holding our services
: on the street, corner of Pine and Kearny,
a week or so after that, and were about to
take up our march to the meeting hall
down in the basement, you know, called
' the Dive. The bass drum had been struck
to give us the step, when the captain, as
I he tells me, was impelled as though some
; one had whispered fo him, to ask me to
\ sing. He stopped the march and I sang
j alone 'I Know That My Redeemer
j laveth. 1
"At that moment old Kate stag-
gered along. In another half hour
she would have been in the patrol wagon.
She heard '.he voice of the woman singing.
It was the woman who had said to her, 'I
am your friend,' and whom she had prom
ised to come to see when she got out, and
which promise she had not kepi — and
heie she was gettine ready to go back to
jail. She knew, she was.
"Swaying about on the outskirts of the
crowd, I did not notice her. We took up
our march and trailed down into the Dive
with a considerable following. The crowd
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1806.
! had got seated and services were about
! to begin when there was a sound of a
j heavy fall at the door. I thought
! somebody was throwing bricks, and
ran out. There lay Old Kate at the
foot of the stone steps insensible. She
had staggered along after the flag and
drum, but was unable to get down the
; steps. I took the Jimp body in my arms
j and carried it down into the room. What
! a sight it was! It was raining in the street
: nnd her clothes were wet and bedraggled.
Her hair had not been combed since she
• left the prison and there was an ugly cut
on her forehead that was bleeding in a
distressing way. 1 found a basin and
water and held her over it while I bathed
her face. Presently she came to and I
I talked to her reassuringly. The cut and
\ the bleeding and the dirt and chill
; and sickness that she must have felt were
I entirely ordinary to Kate. It was the
I other, the touch of kindness, that to other,
i better conditioned people would have
J come as a matter of course in her condi
! tion, that caught Kate. She looked up at
j me curiously now and then as I talked
and bathed her forehead, and after a bit
she threw back her hair from her face and
said:
11 'I believe you care for me.'
" 'Of course I do,' I said.
" ' Do you really care what becomes of
me?'
" 'Certainly I do.'
" 'But what could become of the likes
|of rue? What could I do — what could you
j do with me?'
"Ah! there was the rub. This shelter
had not been more than thought of at that
time. But I said: 'I am going to put you
on your feet — make a woman of you, if you
i will let me.'
"She did not talk any more, but re
mained entirely docile as though willing
to at least wait and see how the miracle
might be worked. I bound up her head,
' gave her a comfortable place on the
| benches and then went up to the street
i into the air to think.
" I was new to this business. 1 had
never asked for money from anybody at
that time. The door of a saloon across
the street was open and there was quite a
crowd there spending freely the money
that I needed. I went in among them
and said :
" 'Boys, I am in trouble.'
" 'What'B the matter now ?'they asked.
"When I had told them I said: 'I want to
save this woman. I want enough money to
pay for a room for her for a week until she
is sober and I can find a place for her.' Of
course, they gave me the money instantly.
That night I went to a lodging-house with
Kate. I washed her and rixed*her up. The
next morning her amazement grew upon
her as she awoke and found me with and
still interested in her.
"I had a great deal to do that day, but I
must not lose sight of Kate, so I took her
with me. She was full of anxieties and I
knew that she would have given the re
demption I promised for one drink of
liquor. But 1 talked to her and tried to
divert her thoughts until along in the
afternooon, when I saw her nerves were
giving way. I took her into a drugstore
and got a dose of something for her.
Later she snid she wanted to get some
thing from the room she had been stop
ping at, and I said, 'Very well, Kate, I
will Wan here at the foot of* the stairs.'
" 'Ah ! you are going to trust me alone,
then,' she said.
"'Why not?' I said. "Haven't you
promised you will come with me?'
'• 'Yes, ard I would rather die than de
ceive you.' she said.
'That is the end of the story. Old
Kate is now an honest, sober woman."
But Sergeant Carson went right along.
"The aoors here are open all the time,
but we have not room for the entire popu
lace and we have to discriminate some
times. Our aim is to afford a shelter to
those seeking shelter— who may at the
time they turn to us be in need of a friend
—and not to set up a place where the
utterly indifferent drunk may come to
sober up, get a meal and return at nighc
to their haunts. Our charge is 10 cents for
a clean bed. with nightdress, bath and
breakfast. But to most who come here
the bath is a horror against which the
comfort of all the rest will scarcely balance.
"We have to be very careful with their
clothes and all that, as we have no fumi
gating facilities as they have at the men's
shelter. We also require them to do a
little work about the place before they
leave in the morning— clean up their own
room for instance. That done and breakfast
eaten they drift away.
Just then a little black-eyed merry
faced two-year-old on hands and Knees
crawled down the hall. The sergeant
stopped talking to watch its. progress. As
it came over the threshold it stopped to
survey the situation, and then went in
dustnouoly toward the sergeant, sat down
and tendered to her the piece of cracker it
held.
The sergeant leaned forward, elbows
upon her knees and looked at the little
thing.
"It is a girl," she said, and paused long
enough to allow thai statement to stand
distinctly by itself. Then :
"To think of the hard knocks that lie in
wait for this wee thing."
The baby made another smiling tender
of the bit of cracker, and the sergeant
picked the child up and held it on her
knees contemplatively and said, somewhat
to herself, "Baby, if you were very sick I
would not pray for you to get well."
Then she laughed quite merrily, touched
the baby's dimples ami set it down asrain.
"Whose is it? It's the child of a rescue
girl. The rescue girl is upstairs. You see
this house has several functions. There is
the shelter downstairs. There all appli
cants come. The rescue girls are sent up
to the top floor, where they may be by
themselves. We charge them nothing. We
are only too glad to have them come here.
Then the second floor is devoted to the
care of nirls who come to the City in
search of work and want a cheap and safe
lodging-house. That girl who passed
through here just now is such a one.
"The rescue department is a sort of pro
bationary precaution— preliminary to their
going to the Rescue Home at Beulah.
Oftentimes great harm has come from
sending girls there who were really not
sincere in their wish to reform. Return
ing to their former life, they have led
away those who otherwise would have
stood firm. They profess a desire to re
form for their own ends, some of them,
and the ends are sometimes very evil.
They have been known to go to Beulah,
gain an entrance in the regular wav, for
the purpose alone of inducing the girls
there to return to their old life. Lieuten
ant had a case, two cases, of such
imposition. She found them in Portland;
two pretty young pirls who gave every
sign of repentance, and their rescue was
reported about as something calculated to
place two very bright diamonds in Lieu
tenant 's crown." And here the faint
glimmer of a smile came out of the brown
depths of Sergeant Carson's steady eyes
and even touched her lips.
"The girls wanted to be removed from
temptation — tqg6taway from their asso
ciations for a time and be surrounded by
better influences. That meant Beulah, for
we have no other place for these girls on
the coast. Transportation was secured for
them, and in company of the lieutenant
herself they came down and were placed
in the home. Three days they ate, drank
and slept comfortably there, and then, in
company with two other girls whom they
had influenced, they took up lodgings on
the lower end of Ellis street. I think it
was. Their only purpose in seeking our
aid was to get from Portland — where they
had gone hroke— to San Francisco. But
it was the loss of the other two, who really
intended to get away from that life, that
hurt us.
"To prevent that sort of thing we have
set apart the rooms upstairs for the early
steps of those returning. By the way, I
hear a deal about the great work tbat has
been accomplished in the closing of Mor
ton street. What has become of the girls?
"The door here is always open for these
and for any woman seeking friendly
shelter," continued the sergeant, "and
while advantage is taken of it to a great
extent by the jail-hardened class I have
described, it has already served the pur
pose of the rope to the drowning man — in
this ease drowning woman— many times
in the brief months of its existence.
"It is getting dark. I must light the
lamps."
This story is by Captain Wagner, who
Helped at the dedication, four years ago. of
the Rescue Home at Beulah
And and who, by orders from
«..ii headquarters, has only now
Of/// "farewelled," as they say in
Some tne army, and is on her way
to New* York to report for
Hope what duty they may see fit
ihnliehoG to piv3 her. She begins more
"OOnsneS wi fi ingl y f i{ anything, than
Despair, did Sergeant Carson, but she
—Emerson. nas a very nice sense as to the
propriety, or impropriety, of
talking about the people in her care, even
without the names. That is a handicap.
However—
She is sitting in Mrs. Ensign McFee's
rooms on Market street mending a rent in
an apron, preparatory to taking the train
the next day: "When Captain Wise died
I took charge. There are seventeen girls
in the home now. In the four years we
have cared for 149 who saw their error
and have striven to escape from it."
"How many out of the number have
really done so?"
Captain Wagner kept to her sowing.
There was a slight chance of expression,
but it was not of sadness. These Salva
tion Army people have such an absurd
faith. They will see their whole fabric
fall to pieces, and at once begin twisting
the hair to the back of their heads in hard
knots so that it will not be in the way and
industriously begin to build it up again.
"That is scarcely a fair question," she
said. "At least it is haid to answer.
There is a woman now in the home who.
since she came under our care, has turned
back and fallen and turned back and fallen
again. And yet, having again turned
back I believe that her feet are firmly
placed and tliat she will go steadily for
ward.
"So you see you can't tell what will come
to all those girls at last. Some of them
are safe— quite a number of them I think.
1 carry letters East with me to the friends
of a girl — a woman rather — whom I'm sure
you would have had doubts about a
year ago, but I certainly have none now,
although she fell away from us once and
laughed at our efforts to recall ner. We
found her in the first instance at the Re
ceiving Hospital.
"There had been a question whether they
should drive the wagon to the Morgue or
out to the Hall. In fact I believe they did
take it to the Morgue.
"And it was largely the fault of her
parents," she said. "Oh, the responsibility
that mothers have. I want to get her a
position as companion to some wealthy
person, for she is not fit for work like
some of the others. Oh, yes, she reads
beautifully and plays like a cultivated wo
man. And yet at 14 she had given her
parents so much anxiety that they sent
her out here. Think of "that as a remedy.
Her parents live in Philadelphia. They
wanted to get her away from the influence
Of some man and there were willing rela
tives here.
"She is not a child now, of course —
but is still young. When they
brought her to at the hospital we took
her to the home and she seemed quite con
tented for awhile. But as lier health re
turned she became restless and fitful. She
told me something of her story, but it was
the common one in her case. Absolute
willfulness, I gathered, was the chief cause.
She had no notion of restraint. A sug
gestion of it on tne part of the relatives to
whom she came threw her into transports
of passion. Then there came a man and
he was thoroughly bad. She used to sing
a song that somehow seemed peculiarly
applicable. She must have felt the song,
for I have seldom heard anything that
touched me so as her singing of it — we have
our piano, you know, and she played the
accompaniment. I recall only one verae
of it:
Like a jroang bird just left by its mother,
Its earliest pinions to try,
Round the nest will still lingering hover,
Till its trembling wings can fly.
"I have seen all the girls go to bed crying
after hearing that song. But, recovered by
our treatment from the sudden despond
ency that carried her body to the door of
the Morgue she became the most cheerful
of all our girls. I trembled a little at the
sign. She had a way, too, of looking put
of the western window that I did not like.
"One day a man in a buggy— drunk and
swearing — drove down the road past the
home. Just in front of the cate his horse
became fractious and the man more and
more profane. Ho struck the horse and
it made a lunge sideways and the man fell
out.
"I ran into" the road as a passer-by
caught the horse. With a crushed hat
and torn clothes, and bleeding from a cut
on the face, the driver climbed back into
the buggy, took the reins, struck the horse
and drove wildly away.
"The girl I am telling you of saw the in
cident from her window. The next morn
ing her room was vacant and not even a
line told us where she had gone or
said good- by. For two years I did not
see or hear of her. But one rainy night
one of our lieutenants who knew her was
passing along a street of the Barbary Coast
and was attracted by the sound of a
woman's voice in one of the cellar dancing
halls. She was singing that song, 'A
young bird just left by its mother, its ear
liest pinions to try"'
"The lieutenant went down and spoke
to her, but with no sign of pleasure at the
meeting the girl laughed and said, 'Don't
mind me. I was not cut out to be good.'
"The man who had fallen out of the
buggy at our gate came up, put his hand
on the lieutenant's arm, laughed coarsely
in her face and pointed to the steps that
led up into the street.
"Now that was a case that you mi<*ht
have thought was hopeless. In the first
instance she had not come to us volun
tarily and had voluntarily run away. But
when, a couple of months ago, sick and
penniless, she found hersehf again de
serted it was not o* the bay or of morphine
that she thought, but of Beulah. You
I cannot say in figures the proportion of the
I backsliders— at the last I mean. I know
! how the memory of a kindness will cling
j to these women" 1 take with me letters to
! this girl's people in the East telling of her
complete repentance and how she is over
come with homesickness and is willing to
be anythine to them if they will only say
to her, 'Come.' "
This is still another story. It is by Cap
tain John Wood in charge of the Food and
Shelter depot, known as the
Lifeboat, down on Oregon At
street, near the water front. . -
Theie a man in hard luck can LOST
find a bath (a square, tin ft e
tank), a nightsnirt (clean, but
made out of flour sacks), a Have
sleeping cot, with plenty of ix
covering, and a big tin of cof
fee and crackers in the morn- This
ing, all for a nickel. Every #.
night this place is filled. The A
decently disposed are given a "the
place upstairs. The drunks -
and disorderlies are kept in Utner
separate quarters —in what Story."
is known as the "tin room"
on the first floor. It was formerly a ware
house.
The walls inside are covered with, sheet
iron to keep out the rats. There is an im
mense amount of work about this big es
tablishment that is performed by soldier*
without pay. Twelve men are kept busy
all the time cooking and cleaning. The
bed coverings are subjected to constant
fumigation. They are hung in a room
next the bathing tank and the room is
shut up and a quantity of sulphur is
burned. The sulphur is said to kill things.
A large proportion of the applicants are
well-disposed men wno are simply "down
on their luck."
Many of them are thankful for a
chance to take a dip in the Bathing tank.
These are the men who are sent upstairs.
The practical eye of the otricer on the
door is quick to distinguish between them.
The others — the drunks and "fiends," the
ruck and wreck, of men — are sent along
into the tin room, where the smell of sul
phur is stifling and tne air is palpitating
with oaths and obscenity.
All the other stories, it will have been
noticed, pitiful as they were, are redeemed
by the triumph of virtue in the end. That
ot Captain Woods, in not being so, is the
most, pitiful of all. In telling his story he
did not say a word. He walked on through
the little* dark passage, rolled back the
heavy door of the old warehouse and
made a light.
There is still another story by En
sign McFee out at the array head
quarters on Market street, where
troops of barefoot children come and
are supplied with shoes, and where,
on the books, there is a long list of the
names of women, poor, desolate and
otherwise deserted in their age, who are
constantly looked after and cared for, and
where the very wretched go daily and are
supplied with medicine and necessaries.
There is still another story down on
Bryant street, and a very pretty one.
There is a house full of children under the
care of Lieutenant Ella Fisher. A one
time mansion in the one-time aristo
cratic quarter of San Francisco has been
turned into a "children's shelter," and
presents some interesting contrasts.
With some fine old trees still standing
guard in front the big bay-windows of the
mansion look out from their slight retire
ment upon unpaved streets and surround
ing squalor. Inside the place is alive with
little ones. Children of 6 are dressing;
and attending the wants of children of 3.
In a room somewhat removed from the
clamor there is a sick child under the
especial care of the lieutenant. In another
room a feeble-minded Japanese child sits
on the floor and sways its little body in
silence by the hour. A troop of
healthy children are romping in the
yard. Toe walls of the * long draw
ing-room of the old mahsion are half
covered with a blackboard upon which
are figures and rude drawings. In the
parlor across the ball, and standing by a
piano, are a banjo and a tambourine and
the red flags of the army. The dining
room is a little story in itself. It is a long
one, intended evidently for a hospitable
table. One end of the room is occupied
by an immense old fireplace with big pro
truding chimney, crane and andirons. The
floor is bare, and down ihe length of the
rcom stretches a plain board table and
plain benches. Forgetting the time and
place these benches naturally fill up with
bearded knights in big top boots who
drink deeply out of long pewter mugs and
sing ribald songs and toast the barony
and mingle strange oaths.
But over the center of the table, sus
pended from the gas fixture, is the still
stranger legend, destroying at once the
baronial idea : "Christ is the head of this
house, the unseen guest at every meal, the
silent listener to every conversation."
There are twenty-nine children in the
shelter, ranging from Ito 10 years. Lieu
tenant Fisher, with three assistants, takes
care of them. Neither of these four receives
any pay.
There are still other stories, but these
will do.
I was present when General Booth first
met his congregated soldiers on this coast.
It was at the pavilion in Oakland. The
big building was crowded beyond the
doors. When the commandant came
upon the platform with his lieutenants
there was an uproar of drums and Jiorng
and cheers and waving of flags that lasted
many minutes. With exhaustion, how
ever, a aeep stillness followed, while they
waited to hear the commander speak.
With hands on the red-covered desk in
front of him, his long body leaning over it,
he addressed them like a father, saying:
"My beautiful, beautiful people."
I greatly regret what I said about Ser
geant Carson not being pretty. For it is
' not true.
1718
SOCIETY
te=yi=^HE past week had not much
I to offer in a social way. There
THE number of small dinners, '
to offer in a social way. There
were a number of small dinners,
\± luncheon? and teas, all strictly in
formal. Neither does the coming
week promise much in the way of festivi
ties. Sticiety is waiting for the joyful peal ■
of the Easter bell?, waiting and preparing .
for Easter entertainments and Easter wed
dings. • \
Of course the principal event of Easter
tide will be the private theatricals to be
iven by Mrs. J. S. Hageron Monday eveu
ng, April 13, at the elegant new Native
Sons" Hall. The hall, which accommodates I
1100 people, is to be partitioned off to cozy
proportions. Invitations will be limited to
:'2OO, and it is to be entirely a young folks' ;
affair. Tho-e who will participate are
working diligently and progressing rapidly
under the direction of Leo Cooper.
There is to be no ball after the perform
ance, but if the guests wish to dance there
will be music at their di sposal.
The most interesting wedding of the past
week was that of Mrs. Favre and Harry i
Babcock. The ceremony was quietly per- :
formed at the Episcopal church in San
Mateo, Bishop Nichols officiating. The
wedding was a private one, only the im
mediate relatives of the contracting parties
being present.
Mr. and Mr«. BabcocKarefor the present
occupying the Babcock place at San Mateo
and later on will go to Clear Lake.
Mrs. William "Willis has issued a large
number of cards for an "at home" on Sat
urday, April 11, at her home on California
street. Mrs. '.Willis is a delightful hostess i
and her reception is sure to be one of the
brilliant social events of the Easter season.
Harry R. BimpkilU and Henry Bowie
sailed on Saturday last by the steamer '
Belgic for the Hawaiian Island's and Japan. ;
Previous to their departure they were the '■
guests of honor at a luncheon given by '
Richard Tobin at th*» "University. Club. j
Those present besides the guests of .honor
were J. B. Casserly. W. 08. Macdonouph,
J. B. Meagher. Captain A. F. Wainwright.
Henry Howard. J. D. Grant and Harold
Wheeler.
Invitations are out for the wedding of j
Miss Millie Siebe, daughter of Frederic j
C. Siebe, and Frederic J. MeWiliiams. j
They will be married on Wednesday even- ■
ing, April at St. Paul's Lutheran Church. ;
Another wedding probably to be cele- j
brated shortly after Lent is that of fcfisa i
Belle Cohen, "niece of Mr. and Mrs. M. 11. \
de Young, and Ernest Brandt. Although |
no date lor the marriage has yet been set
it is announced'that the young couple will
be married shortly.
Two very handsome weddings during
the past week were the Lowenberg : Brown
weddinj:, celebrated Tuesday evening at
the Palace Hotel, and the Schwabacher-
Roseiibaum wedding, solemnized on
Wednesday evening at the bride's resi
dence on Jackson street.
Mr. and Mrs. Brown, on their return
from their bridal tour, will make their
home with Mrs. Brown's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. I. Lowenberp, at 609 Van Ness ave
nue, Mr. and Mrs. Rosenbaum bave left
for the K;t-t a:nl Europe. This happy
young couple received some most magnifi
cent presents. Their silverware was
among the linest ever seen in this City.
The groom's present to his bride was a
handsome diamond lizard-pin. particularly
noteworthy for the purity of the stones
and tne exquisite setting.
Mi«s Julia Man recently gave a proeres
sive euchre party at her home on Broad
way and delightfully entertained about
thirty of her friends.
Miss Henrietta Meyer, who leaves
shortly with her mother, Mrs. C. Meyer,
for a European tour, entertained about
100 friends at a tea on Thursday afternoon
at her house on California street. The
hours were from 4 to <J, during which
there was a service of delicious refresh
ments and music by the Hungarians.
Miss Meyer received her guests, assisted
by Mrs. A. Brown ana Mrs. Charles Ack
erman.
The Mis<=e« Hynian gave a delightful
luncheon on Friday in the private dining
room of the Hutel Richelieu, compliment
ary to Miss Feldberg of Helena, Mont.,
who is their guest. The table was dec
orated with a profusio7i of wild flowers
and ribbons that caught all the brilliant
rainbow hues. Covers were laid for
eighteen.
Mrs. Sylvain Weill gave a charming
luncheon at the Palace on Friday, compli
mentary to Miss Anna Simon, who leaves
shortly fora European visit. An elaborate
menu was discussed. Covers were laid for
twenty.
Samuel Worm sor left on Friday evening,
accompanied by his mother and hi» niece,
Miss Sussman, for fPittsbure, where his
marriage to Miss Wertheim will be cele
brated on the 11th of April. Mr. and
Mrs. Wormser will make their home in
this City and will occupy the handsome
Hirsch home, on California street.
That was a very sad accident that hap
pened at Captain Collins' home, on the
shores of Clear Lake, on Saturday night
last. A lamp in the room in which Cap
tain Collins' youngest child,' a boy of 5
years, was sleeping exploded during the
absence of the nurse, and before it was
discovered the fire had made such head
way that it was impossible to rescue the
child. The home was entirely destroyed.
Tie family is prostrate with grief at the
tragic event, and their many friends tyai
pathize sincerely with them in their sor- j
row.
ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED.
A Number of Prominent Engagements Made
Public.
The engagement is announced of Miss Mabel
C. Taylor to George Pattison of Oakland. Both
are very prominent workers of the First Bap
tist Church, and have a very large circle of ac
quaintances that will unite in wishing them
much happiness. Miss Taylor is the oldest
daughter of B. J. Taylor of 1411 West street,
and is a musician of considerable ability. Mr.
Pattison is the well-known manufacturer of
aluminum coverings. He has been a resident
of Oakland for year?, having traveled exten
sively in tnis country as well as in .Europe.
The wedding will take place in the near future.
Announcement is made of the engagement of
Miss Sarah M. Hardy and Warren Gregory.
Miss Hardy is the daughter of Judge Hardy,
now residing in • the Hawaiian Islands;
she was graduated from the University of Cali
fornia in 1893, and has since been a professor
in Wellesley College. Mr. Gregory resides in
this City, aad is a member of the law firm of
Checkering, Thomas & Gregory. Mr. Gregory
will leave for Honolulu on April 2. and the
wedding will take place shortly alter his ar
rival there.
The engagement is announced of Miss Emma
Selling and A. J. Block of the Nevada Bank.
The engagement is announced of Miss May
Xewfield, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Xewneld",
and J. del Valle. They will receive to-day from
2 to 5 at ISIG Pine street.
A GOLDEN WEDDING.
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Ames Celebrate their
Fiftieth Anniversary.
The golden wedding anniversary of Mr. and
Mrs. George Henry Ames was • celebrated at
their home in Alameda, on Monday afternoon.
The marriage fifty years ago was quite roman
tic. The bride was Miss. Theresa Leavitt,
daughter of. Major Leavitt of Boston, and it
was a runaway match.
Mr. Ames came to San Francisco in 1851 and
his bride two years later. Two daughters were
born to them, one the wife of K. O. Hunt and
the other the widow of Colonel David Wilder.
Mr. and Mrs. Ames moved to Alameda eight
years ago, and occupy a cottage at 88t> Cedar
.street, where the reception was held. The i
house was beautifully decorated.
As Mr-. Ames had no bridesmaids at her mar
riage several of her young friends constituted
themselves bridesmaids at the reception and
received with the old couple. Their names
were Miss Ingerson, the Misses Patterson, Miss
Calvert, Miss Rita Penfield. Miss Amy Hunt,
granddaughter of the bridal couple, acted as
maid of honor.
Among those present were: Mrs. Ingereson,
Miss Ingerson, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Stone, Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas Richardson, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Crowell, Mrs. William Van Brunt, Mrs.
M. Baldwin, Miss Baldwin. Missel Patterson,
Mr. and Mrs. George Spinney (the only friends
of their youth present), Mr. and Mrs. W. S.
Spinney, Mrs. C. J. Robertson, Rev. and Mrs.
Brush, Rev. and Mrs. Garrette, Mr. and Mrs.
G. Branch, Mr. and Mr«. Morton, Mr. and
Mrs.Sykes, the Rev. J. Worcester, Miss Emily
Marshall. Mrs. Hatching, Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Hooper, Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Hunt, Mr. and
Mrs. George Deane, Mrs. T. Deane, E. Hunt, j
Miss Nagle, G. W. Calvert, George Board well,
I. Pentield, Mr. and Mrs. Canfield, G. 8; Podd,
Captain and Mrs. Patterson, Mrs. Critcher.
CLUB PARTIES.
A Number of Charming Parties During the
Past Week. ,
One of the most enjoyable and select parties
of the season was given last Wednesday even
ing at Mission Opera Hall by the Wednesday
Night Cotillon Club. The grand march was led
by Miss Tillie Swendson and Mr. Ed Vorrath.
The success of the affair is due to the untir
i ing energy of the following members: Profes
sor G. R. Packet! (president), C. A. Wegener
(secretary) and Mr. George Heinz (treasurer).
Mr. Frank J. Williams and Mr. William Butte
managed the floor for the occasion. The next
party of the club will take place the latter part
of the month.
Martha Washington Council No 2, Daughters
of Liberty, held the first anniversary party at
Union-square Hall on Tuesday evening, March
24. A literary and musical programme, fol- :
lowed by dancing, constituted the evening's
entertainment.
The Society of Old Friends headquarters
have been changed to Norman's Hall, 413 Bosh
street, opposite the- California Theatre, and
the nights of meeting are changed to 'the sec
ond and fourth Wednesday nights of each
month at 8 o'clock.
The first meeting in the new hall was held
on Wednesday evening, and was a most enjoy
able affair.
Officers of the Sons and Daughters of the Old
Friends of California, of which a chapter has
! been instituted, will be installed on Friday
night,' April 3, 1996, at 510 Bush street. -Their
inauguration banquet will be held on Fridoy
night, May 1, at the Commercial Hotel. ;
The members of the Lilac Club held their
first literary entertainment on Friday evening
at the residence of Miss Mac Clare,* 20 Bond
street. The rooms were tastefully decorated
with spring flowers and lilac. Those taking
part in the programme were: Miss Ethel
Clare, Miss Marguerite McQuade, Miss Maude"
Forbes, Miss Bell Nichol, Miss Irene Kirkwood,
the Misses Ethel Frances and Clare January !
and Master Terry. Refreshments were served.
THISTLE CLUB.
Elaborate Preparations for the Concert and
; s-VBall on April 10.
The literary committee of the San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Club is hard at work perfect
ing arrangements for the grand concert and
ball to be given by the club at B'nai B'rith
Hall, Friday evening, April 10, 189 G. On last
i Saturday evening another meeting of the com
mittee was held. The sub-committee on talent
reported that they had about completed their
labors and would be ready to submit a full re
port of the programme within a few days.
They further reported that the Rev. Dr. Mac
kenzie bad consented to favor the club with
an -address - appropriate to the occasion; and
that the programme in toto would far excel
anything ever before attempted by the club.
Secretary Gillies reported that the tickets
were selling very rapidly and that the indica
tions were for an overcrowded house. It was
decided that the hall be appropriately deco-
I rated, and the matter was left in the bands of
Committeeman Watson to be attended to.
Communications were received from a large
number of societies in the City, acknowledg
ing receipt of invitations sent and signifying
their intention of attending the concert. >
George G. Watson was chosen floor manager
and the following clansmen as assistants: W.
Gillies, D. Brown, H. Steele and F. Fitzgerald.
The matter of appointing the reception com
mittee was referred to Chieftain Dawson. ;It
was decided to hold the next "smoker" Thurs
day evening next at the clubrooms. : '
A- BURPEIBE PARTY.
Miss Mabel Sinay Tendered a Delightful
Party.
The many little friends of Mabel Siaav gave
THE SAN TRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 2tf, 1896.
her a very pleasant surprise party at her hcme
1317 Webster street, on Saturday afternoon.
Those that participated were Leonie Breslaur,
Blanchie Gugenhlem, Venie McMurder, Ella
Runtime. Cora Walla, Celia Lewis, Lucy Morse,
Mattie Blackburd, Nettie Morse, Mabel Gold
smith, Katie pevecho, Hazel Merzbach, Dora
Michaels, llattie Meyerson, Francis Calenburg,
Sidney Witkowsky, Adolph Michaels, Arthur
Oppenheim, Dave Levy.
The afternoon- was spent with games, and
one of the principal features was the dancing
of little Leonie Breslaur.
HOME GATHEBING3.
Pleasant Entertainments Daring the Past
Week.
Alfred Jackson celebrated his birthday on
Wednesday, March 26, at the residence of his
parents, 2 Leonard street. The hours of the
reception were from 2 till 6. and the afternoon
was pleasantly spent in dancing and playing
various games. There were delicious refresh- 1
ments during the afternoon. i
A most enjoyable party was given by Dr. and
Mrs. M. O. Austin at their residence on Six
teenth street on Friday evening. During the
evening vocal and instrumental selections
were rendered by Miss Hattie Rice, Miss Grace
Lewis, Fred Big?erstaff and Mr. Carroll.
Rev. Edwin H. Jenks, co-pastor of the Rev.
Robert Mackenzie in the First Presbyterian
Church, and Mrs. Jenks were the guests of
honor at a reception given Thursday after
noon by Mrs. Charles H. Mentz at her home on
the corner of Washington and Larkln streets.
The home was artistically adorned with
plants and flowers, and during the hours of
the reception, from 3 to 5 o'clock, a large
numbei of guests were entertained with an
excellent musical and literary programme. A
number of the young friends of tne hostess
served refreshments during the afternoon.
Mrs. Howard C. Holmes entertained twenty
friends at a progressive euchre party on Thurs
day last. " _»
A lunch was given by Mrs. R. G. Woodward
at her home on San Jose avenue, on Wednes
day. The guests were Mrs. Catherine Ford,
Mrs. F. Lewis, Mrs. A. H. Barendt, Mrs. J. I).
Lawrence, Mrs. 11. K. Jackman, Miss Mytton,
Mrs. J. Earl Ford and Miss Koerig.
Governor and Mrs. Budd gave a lunch party
at Stockton on Monday in honor of the Misses
Harris of Wisconsin. The trip up the river on
the launch Hazel was greatly enjoyed by
the Misses Ida and Zellie Harris, Miss S. F.
Conniff and Miss Llbbie Nathan of San Fran
cisco.
Captain and Mrs. A. M. Burns gave a delight
ful dinner party on Tuesday evening at their
home on the corner of Hyde and Washington
streets. The entire house was beautifully dec
orated, yellow hues predominating. The affair
was complimentary to the Rev. Dr. and Mrs.
Robert Mackenzie.
An elaborate dinner party was given by Mr.
and Mrs. F. Lacoste at their home, 1523 Geary
street, on Saturday evening, complimentary to
Emile Marque, editor and proprietor of Le
Petit Califomien, it beine the seventieth anni
versary of his birth. Covers were laid for
forty-live guests. After dinner dancing was
enjoyed.
There were a number of theater parties at the
Columbia on Monday evening. Those who" oc
cupied boxes were James D. Pbelan, Joseph
Diinond, H. K. Huntington, Edward M. <ireen
way. Downey Harvey, W. E. Dean, Mr". William
Willis, Mrs J. H. Chretien, Walter Hobart and
A. 8. Spear. Among those who gave theater
parties were Charles Fair, O. D. Sherman, Will
E. Fisher, Mrs. Hcyden. Mr. Greenebaum, Mrs.
Haskell, Mr. Polhemus, Mr. Aurbach, the
Misses Cook, D. Samuels and' Mr. McCormick.
IN THE FUTURE.
Elaborate Entertainments in Preparation for
Easter Week.
The swell event of the spring season at
Berkeley will be the dance to be given by the
University Cotillon, a club of fifty society
young men of the university. The dance
will be given in Harmon Gymnasium on Friday
evening, April 10, the committee in charge of
affairs being Clinton R. Morse, Howard P.
Veeder, Alpheus Williams, Fred S. Knight and
Stewart Rawlings. The patronesses are Mrs.
Martin Kellogg. Mrs. Ben Morgan, Mrs. John R.
Glascock and Mrs. W. F. McNutt. It has not as
yet been decided whether it will take the form
of an assembly or cotillon.
Several of the fraternities will open their
houses for the entertainment of guests from
San Fruncisco, Delta Kappa Epsilon, Chi Phi,
Phi Gamma Delta, Zeta P>i, figma Chi, Beta
Theta PI and Sigma Nu being among the
number.
Mission Parlor. N. S. G. w., will entertain its
friends at a '49 party on Tuesday evening,
April 2l, at Mission Parlor Hall on Seven
teenth street.
The Juarez Mutual Benevolent Society has
issued invitations for a grand masquerade and
cascarone ball on Saturday evening, April 4,
at Apollo Hall, 810 Pacific street, above Stock
ton.
On Wednesday evening, April 15, a grand
testimonial concert will be tendered to Profes
sor Saneho and Professor Lombardero by their
pupils at Y. M. C. A. Hall, cornet of Mason and
Ellis streets. Among other well-known artists
who will take part in the affair are Miss Susie
M. Blair, violinist; Frank Coflin, tenor; and
several society bandurria and mandolin clubs.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 3 will give its
annual Easter entertainment on Wednesday
evening, April 8, 1890, at Union-square Hall.
The committee is working very energetically
to make this entertainment as successful as
those in the past.
Niantic Parlor No. 105, N. S. G. \\\, will cele
brate its ninth anniversary on Thursday even
ing, April 9, at Native icons' Hall.
The fifty-sixth social ot the P. D. C. Club
will be held at Odd Fellow*' Hall on Easter
Tuesday evening. April 7, 189 G. The club has
spared neither time nor expense in making
this party, which is the first of the summer
season, one of the finest ever given by this
popular organization.
Columbia Council No. 85, Y. M. 1., will hold
its annual reception at Native Sons' Hall on
Friday evening, April 10.
San Francisco Lodge No. 1, Friends of Inde
pendent Kiries, will give an umbrella social at
Saratoga Hall on Thursday evening, April 9.
Bay City Club has issued invitations for a
"tam'ale, beer and funny stories" entertain
ment on Monday evening, April 13, in the
banquet hall, Native Sons' building.
PERSONAL NOTEB.
The Mi£<Bs Morton, daughters of Governor
lA'Vi P. Morton, have been visiting in this
City, and are now at Santa Barbara. The
young ladies, who are accompanied by Miss
Harvey, an English lady, will probably spend
come time on the coast.
Mrs. R. T. Carroll has returned trom her visit
to San Jose, where she was the guest of Mrs.
Argues.
Miss Juliet Tompkins is entertaining Miss
Mary Bell Gwin at her country home in San
Anselmo.
D. I). Stubbs, secretary of the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company, has taken up
his residence at the ; Hotel Metropole in Oak
land with his family for the summer.
George Hall was at last accounts visiting in
the south of France. - .
; Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Bothin will go to Ross
Valley for the summer. •,- .-. ~ :•■ . : ■
. Mr. and Mrs. £. Burke Holladay (nee Hun
ting ton) nave just returned bom their wed
ding tour and are residing at the home of Hon.
Samuel W. Holladay, father of the groom.
The Prince and Princess Poniuiowski are
visiting the Sperry ranch, near Santa Barbara.
Miss Masten, who has been visiting her
cousins, the Misses Bours oi Stockton, has re
turned home.
Dr. E. S. Breyfogle, after a three months'
visit at the hospitals and cliuics. in Vienna,
leaves there for Italy April 1, with Mrs. Brev
fogle.
Major and Mrs. Frank McLaughlin and Miss
Agnes McLaughlin are domiciled at Golden
<iate Cottage, Santa Cruz, where they will re
main during the summer months.
Louis sioss Jr. has returned from his stay at
Paso Robles.
Alfred J. Rich left on Saturday last for a two
months' Eastern and European visit.
Mr. Blair and Miss Blair were expected home
yesterday from their visit to Paso Kobles.
William M. Himonson, who has for some
months been the tenor in the Plymouth Con
gregational Church in this City, will leave
about April 3 for St. Louis to join his sister.
Mme. Saville. Thence he will accompany her
to Paris, where he will spend three or four
years in studying music.
Dr. W. S. Thome of 813 Sutter street, who for
six months has been in Europe engaged in hos
pital clinic work, has returned.
Miss Edith A. Lawrence of 1216 Scott street,
who has been for the past three years pursuing
a course of dramatic study, left last week for
Nevada City on a visit to her mother and sister.
Mr.-. F. Hetuerington is visiting friends in
Los Angeles.
The Key. Sebastian Dabovich left last Mon
day for the East, en route to Europe, where he
will spend the next two or three years. His
destination is Belgrade, Servia.
Mrs. I). Callaghan and the Misses Callaghan
are visiting Southern California.
Mr. aiid Mrs. L. C. Strauss left Saturday for
an extended Eastern trip.
Mr. Fred Meinhold, bookkeeper for "The
Norton Tanning Company of South San Fran
cisco," is spending & week pleasantly among
friends in Oakland.
Mrs. D. Cahen has moved from 1044 Golden
Gate avenue to 513 Baker street; at home
second Friday, Miss Cahen at home first Fri
day.
51 rs. Julius Siegel has lust returned from
Alaska.
Miss Carrie Callaghan will start on the first
of the month for Europe, where she will spend
some time in completing her art studies. On
Wednesday she entertained a number of her
art-school friends at her home on Geary street,
the occasion being a farewell afternoon tea.
Miss Fannie Michelsonof San Francisco, who
has been in Europe for several years studying
music in the different conservatories there, has
now finished her musical education in the
Ecole Marchesi, in Paris, where, at an operatic
performance of tne different students, given by
that institution on February 27 last, she sang
the aria and duo from "Faust." She has taken
the stage name Mile. Francisca. A critic in a
Paris paper writes: "Mile. Irancisca has not
alone a fine soprano voice, but she is also a
good actress, two qualities combined which
should make a great prima donna."
Miss Josephine Cohen is visiting relatives in
New York.
Mrs. B. Feigenbaum has leased a cottage at
Sausalito, which she will occupy during the
summer months.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Simon (neeGreenebauni)
returned from their Dridal tour yesterday and
are at the Palace Hotel.
The Misses Channell have left for an ex
tended Eastern visit and will spend much of
their time visiting relatives and friends at
Minneapolis.
DON'T WANT A BOULEVARD
The Property-Owners on First
Avenue File Their Ob
jections.
Several Reasons Advanced Why the
Proposed Improvement Should
Not Be Had.
The heretofore peaceful spirit which pre
vailed in the progressive movement of
the residents of the Richmond district
has been somewhat marred by the propo
sition to boulevard First avenue from its
intersection with the Government reserva
tion at the Presidio boundary to Fulton
street on the south or Golden Gate Park
at the northern terminus.
The adaptability of making First avenue
an acceptable driveway from the park to
the Presidio has been foremost in the
mind 3of the army officers stationed on
that reservation for a number of years.
The Merchants' Association, the Rich
mond District Improvement and the Point
Lobos clubs also indorsed the plan. With
this pressure from such representative
bodies the Supervisors, on the 29th of
February, passed a resolution instructing
the Superintendent to recommend to the
Street Committee the grading and paving
of this avenue.
In compliance with this resolution the
recommendation was tiled with the clerk
of the Bourd of Supervisors. The next
step taken by the Supervisors was on the
9th of March", when a resolution was passed
giving notice of intention to grade and
pave with bituminous rock the street from
its intersection with the Presidio reserva
tion to I<ulton street and at the same time
to place cesspools at the proper street
crossing, together with granite curb
atones and artihcial stone sidewalks the
entire length of the street.
This notice of intention aroused the hos
tility of the majority of the property
owners, and no time was lost in riling a
series of protests against the proposed im
provements.
The number of protestants so far heard
from who have signed their names object
ing to the work number forty-seven, with
more to be heard from.
The protests as riled do not set forth the
reasons why objections are made, but in
oral statements made they assign that
there are only about twenty-seven houses
built on the entire avenue; that the gra<ie
has not been satisfactorily fixed ; that as
other property-owners build by and by the
street must oe torn up to make sewer, gas
and water connections; that there is no
proper sewer on the avenue.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery faces on
quite an extensive frontage, south of
Point Lobos avenue, and according to the
law under which this cemetery was formed
the property cannot be assessed for taxes,
liens cr mortgages, consequently no con
tractor will bid on that section of the work.
On the west side the Bay District Race
track occupies almost the entire distance
from Point Lobos avenue to Fulton street.
This property belongs to the Stanford
estate, and may in a measure be tied up in
litigation for years to come.
From the objections raised together with
the determination of the protestants it
would seem as if the First-avenue boule
vard would be an uncertainty in the Rich
mond improvement scheme. At all events
the present objectors will have the satis
laction of stopping the work for six months.
BACK FROM KAWAII.
General Warfield Says the People Want
Uncle Sain to Guvero Them— An
Efficient Army.
General R. H. Warfield of the California
Hotel returned yesterday after some three
weeks in the Hawaiian Islands. He says
that it is pretty prosperous in the islands,
and that altogether he found the trip very
pleasant. Anent a story that he had gone
down to the islands in connection with a
new hotel, and that capitalists there were
willing to build a hotel according to plans
he might submit, he said there was some
foundation for it. It had been proposed to
erect such a hotel, but still it appeared
that it would be a long time in the future.
"The islands," said he, "are in excellent
shape, but 1 found everywhere, and among
the natives as well as others, a desire that
the United States would in some way or
other take them under their protection.
They didn't care much in what way, so it
was done. They would be satisfied to
stand in the same relation as a Territory
to the Government.
"The array, too, I found was every way
efficient. It is a good deal better army
than is generally supposed, and is amply
able to look after the interests of Hawaii.
If the United States had the country fifty
police would be enough to handle it."
For the Lepers.
Thb Call has received another subscription
toward the Goto ■ leper fund— cash $I— which
"Will be handed over to Supervisor Benjamin.
STAMP MEN HAVE A DAILY
Unique Distinction Achieved by
a Popular Hobby of the
Day.
BIG AUCTION SALE OF LABELS.
Nations of the O.d World Petitioned
to Suppress the Issue of Specu
lative Stamps.
Stamp-collecting bears the unique dis
tinction of being the only bobby that has a
daily publication issued in its interests,
but this it has had only since the first of
the year. On the Ist of January, more as
a joke than with any serious purpose, the
C. H. Mekeel Stamp* and Publishing Com
pany of St. Louis sent out copies of a four
page paper which bore the title of The
Daily Stamp Item. The "office cat" ap
peared as editor. It contained news and
contributions concerning stamps, and the
announcement was made that subscription
in the United States, Canada and Mexico
would be $3 a year and $6 abroad, and that
"the publishers reserve the right to refund
subscriptions and discontinue publication
any time the 'office cat' gets tired of edito
rial work."
'Ihe monthly and weekly competitors of
this enterprising publication were almost
unanimous in their expressions that the
time was not ripe for such a move, but
while they were indulging in these dis
couraging prophecies tne publishers went
right ahead. They arranged for regular
correspondents in all the large cities of the
United States, including fcfan Francisco,
during the early period ot publication, and
later made arrangements for telegraphic
dispatches concerning auction sales of
stamps and other important news matters,
and it now publishes each day telegrams
from New York, Chicago, Boston, Phila
delphia and occasionally, as the news war
rants, from this City. It will also soon
have cablegrams from the European stamp
centers— London, Paris, Berlin, Brussels,
etc.
It is looked upon by collectors as a per
manent institution, for, though it has been
tamed for but three months, it has demon
strated fully that there is enough of inter
est transpiring to furnish quite a lively
aad valuable daily Etarnp paper.
Auction sales of stamps are now at their
height in all parts of the country, though
none have been or are to be heid in this
City. The largest sale of the season thus
far, and one that is likely to remain such,
was that held at Boston by "Woodward &
(Jo. The sale occupied three days and was
attended by all the prominent dealers and
collectors of Boston and neighboring cities,
while New York, Washington and Canada
were also represented by gentlemen from
those places, and San Francisco and other
more distant cities were represented by
proxy.
The total amount realized from this
sale was $13,078 58, no Jess than twenty
tive lots bringing in excess of $100 each,
and these lots m nearly every cuse con
sisted of but a single stamp. The highest
priced lot was a pair of Canadian 12d of
1851 on laid paper, which realized $1320.
One of the worst banes of the stamp
collector, and the cause of greatest dis
couragement to those deeply interested in
philately, are the class of stamps termed
speculative. These comprise particularly
the product of people vrho contract to
furnish Governments with stamps free of
charge, on the understanding that the
surplus stamps revert to the contractor,
and that a new issue be put into use at
frequent intervals. So groat has this evil
become that it has resulted in the forma
tion of societies^in both England and in
this country for the special purpose of
discouraging the collection of such stamps
and of preventing their issue. These
bodies comprise the most influential people
connected with the hobby oi" stamp col
lecting.
Not long ago a petition was addressed
by the American committee lor the sup
pression of speculative stamps to the Cen
tral and South American countries, who
were serious offenders ill the practice
Charged, with the result that they were
successiul in inducing Honduras and Ecua
dor to cancel their contracts. Encouraged
by this success, the same committee has
now addressed a similar document to the
sinning countries of Europe. Excerpts
from this petition read as follows:
As spokesmen for millions of earnest men who
devote their leisure time and surplus energy
ftndresoarees to the scientific study of postage
stamps, we, the undersigned representatives of
philatelic societies, respectfully memorialize
all enlightened Governments to discountenance
certain evil practices which tend to demoralize
and degrade the postal service.
The evil practices which we condemn may
be classed under three separate heads, differ
ing more in form, however, than in substance:
First— Farming out to printers, or private
speculators the monopoly of balances remain
ing after a stamp issue has been withdrawn,
the tendency being to withdraw issues fre
quently so as to make the monopoly more prof
itable to the speculator 6nd his official confed
erates.
Second— lssuing stamps for temporary use as
a commemorative emblem rather than" for the
legitimate purpose of acknowledging prepaid
postage, the tendency being to destroy the
usefulness of the token as a postage stamp
and to make it the subject of speculation.
Third— The reckless or deliberative super
fluous multiplication of unusual varieties of
the same stamp by means of surcharging
(overprinting) oftener than the legitimate
needs of the postofflce require, the tendency
being that officials will create new varieties for
purely speculative purposes.
This petition further says that these
practices "shake the confidence of stamp
coilectorg in all the postal issues of the
offending Government, and it even affects
national credit by creating the impres
sion that the nation is too poor to raise
revenue by legitimate methods."
In conclusion the petition says: "We
solemnly protest against all these vicious
methods. We appeal for the historical in
tegrity of the postage stamp, and for na
tional dignity in the administration of the
postal service, as a factor in the intel
lectual, social and moral progress of all
enlightened nations."
FOSTER AND JONES TO RACE
The Two Retired Cracks of the
Olympic Wheelmen to Re
sume the Sport.
A Special Prizs Competition Draws
Them Back— Plight of a Cycle
Writer.
. The idea of giving away an especially
valuable prize by bicycle manufacturers to
riders making certain records on their
make of wheel has been a popular form of
advertising, both to the makers and riders,
during the \ past year. One company ' of
fered a thousand-dollar grand piano to the
man riding the fastest twenty-five miles in
competition on the road, and it was won by
a Buffalo rider in 1:02:25 last October. A
tire firm offered a $750 gold ; ; brick to the
man ; riding the fastest unDtced mile on
any wheel fitted with their tires. There is
a dispute now as to whether ;..W. C. Sanger
of Milwaukee or W. W. Hamilton of Den
ver, both champion riders, is entitled to
it, and it seems likely that Sanger will
get it.
It has remained for a Chicago firm, how
ever, to make the best offer of them all,
and one in which the wheelmen of this
coast will be particularly interested, as it
seems more than likely that the prize will
go to a California rider. The Rambler
makers exhibited at the Eastern cycle
shows a special wheel valued at $1000. It
is decorated in gold and silver and set
with ie»vels. The enameled parts are em
bellished everywhere in the must artistic
designs in silver. The bright parts are
silver-plated and the brake ia covered witn
silver and gold enamel. The spoke nipples
are of gold and glisten through rims of
polished mahogany. This beautiful wheel
will be presented to the rider who before
the first day of next November shall have
ridden the fastest mile on a Rambler
bicycle in competition at any meet held
in "this country sanctioned by the League
of American Wheelmen. Further, the
company will give $500 in gold coin to the
meet promoters at which such fastest mile
shall be ridden.
Mr. Varney, the Rambler agent in this
City, is particularly anxious that both
these prizes should come to California,
and will do all he can to that end. The
races must be amateur events, and it is
said that with so many fast amateurs on
this coast and the fast tracks now here
and to be built it is more than likely that
some California man will get the wheel
and some California club the track prize.
This competition will have the effect of
bringing LacK into the ranks of the coast
racers Walter F. Foster and Allan N.
Jones of the Olympic Club Wheelmen, who
retired last season, but have now an
nounced their intention of going on the
path again, principally to compete for
these prizes.
The offer of the Rambler people was the
principal subject discussed around the
clubs last night, and lor the time being
the coming relay race was forgotten, but
not for long, however, as that race is only
distant two weeks from to-day, while the
Rambler prizes cannot be competed for
until next November. The impression is
general that a Californian will get the
prize wheel, and that the record will be
made on the fast track of the Garden City
Cyclers at San Jose, which is surfaced with
cement, three laps to the mile and is
a record-breaker. The first meet to be
held on it this year will bo on May 9.
To-day mostof the local wheeling clubs
will go to San Leandro to try out their
men in ten-mile events for tne coming
relay race, as stated in The Call yester
day.
The members of the Bay City Wheel
men are much incensed at an article which
appeared in an evening paper Friday,
written by one of their own members, and
which they claim is wholly untrue, in
which no names are mentioned but the
club and several prominent members are
by inference severely censured. The
writer of the story did well to stay away
from the clubhouse that evening, as a self
appointed committee chosen from among
those who felt the slight was intended for
them hovered around the front door of the^
wheelroom, each armed with a bucket of
water, in the hope that they would be
given a chance to dampen his spirits. But
he came not.
Park Music To-Day.
The following programme has been arranged
for the concert to-day:
March. "Jean Bart" Wettije
Overture, '-Unearische Lutsplel" Keler Beia
Fantasie, "L'Ami Fritz" Mascasni
"The Dcctrinen Waltz" Strauss
"Before ihe Footlights" Bendix
A comedy in eight acts.
Contents— "The Darlcy Musketeers," '•B.allad of
thf- Dreamers." '•The Colored Ball," hornpipe,
•■The .Sweetest Story Ever Told," "I'm the Only
One That's Left," -Hickory Bill," finale.
Overture, "Rienzi" Wagner
'■Fantasie on the Air National P.usse"
'. lleinemeyer
A. Lombardo.
Grand selection. "II Truvatore" Verdi
Waltz. "Jolly Girls" VoMstedc
March, "Ma Angelina" Lee Johnson
H iiitwii to Kernain.
E. H. Ilinton yesterday morning received a
telegram countermanding the message order
ing him to Panama, and will therefore remain
here awaiting further instructions. The fact
that he has been instructed to remain at his
post is believed that matters are not progress
ing as smoothly at the meetings of the trans
continental lines in New York as those inter
ested in forming a combination would desire.
KEW TO-DAT.
GRAND SPECIAL
FOR LADIES.
S3OO--TRIAL 80XES-S3DO
OF
LOLA MONTE! CREME
GIVEN AWAY.
850 worth riven away Monday, and
•50 worth each day of this week.
As hundreds of ladies will
avail themselves of this offer
you must come early.
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
Is the most wonderful article for
the complexion ever discovered.
In appearance it is a pure deli-
cate solid resembling sweet
country butter. Absorbed in
the skin by gentle rubbing or
massage, it restores the skin's
vitality, strengthens relaxed
muscles, gives rest to the under-
lying tissues, causes * the blood,
which is the skin's life, to at
once circulate more freely, and
the result is a soft, smooth, vel-
vety complexion that makes you ;
the pride 'of your friends, . the
envied one of your social world.
75c in elegant opal jars at my
parlors. Sold by druggists or
sent postpaid by me. I treat
ladies for all blemishes.
A Triol Ray Ladies out of town
jgpSt^ ' lllill I>".\. sending this ad.
£g ■( with 10c in stamps will receive
t^^H a book of instructions and a
w^" box of
A- t Lola MontezCreme,p n 0 d R
3*-A*-A * . . I have no one in San Fran -
r~* . i •"- Cisco giving my treatments or
selling articles from house to house. Beware
of any one so representing. Treatments in
San Francisco given only at my parlors. Only
parlors in the city having private stairway an
entrance. .
SUPERFLUOUS I ?•?£•!
|_I AI D nently, painlessly, by the
II il electric needle.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
40-42 GEARY ST., San Francisco.
COSMOPOLITAN,
Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
iranclaco, Cal.— The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, 91, «1 "5 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms, 50a
and 750 a day. ■■ Free coach to and from the hotel.
.Look for the coach bearing the name of the ■ Co*-
mopoliian Hotel. WM. FAHEY, Proprietor;
DADWAY'S
■ I PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mUd and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of - thfc food, causa
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bowels '
natural la lueu opens oa without griping
EMPLOYES TO BE PAID
Coming Sale of the San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Railway.
WHO WILL THE BUYER BE?
Successful Effort of the Labor Bureau
to Secure an Adjustment
of Claims.
Apparently the Labor Bnreau does not
exist in vain— at least, so say the hitherto
sorrowing employes of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Electric Railway. In 1894
the road, which for some time had been
running at a los?, went into the hands of a
receiver, Sanford Bennett, treasurer of the
Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden Company.
By order of court the employes to whom
■wages were due were to receive a certain
proportion of the earnings of the road
until the property should be sold and
their claims satisfied in full. In pur
suance of this order two dividends were
paid, each workman receiving; $20 in two
installments, after which they were forced
to possess their souls and their claims in
patience.
These claims for services rendered ag
gregate over $18,000. The workmen began
to fear that they would never be paid, and
under pressure of dire necessity some of
the men sold their claims at rates as low
as 25 cents on the dollar. Others, to the
number of 200, appealed to the Labor
Bureau, begging that its influence be ex
erted in favor of their lawful demands.
Mr. Fitzgerald, the Commissioner, and
Mr. Dam, his deputy, did all in their
power to further the cause of the work
men. At length, after many trips back
and forth and the expenditure of many
good and legal postage-.stamps, not to
mention floods of eloquence, another
order of court was secured, commanding
that the electric tramway with all its
rolling stock and franchise privileges be
sold forthwith aud claims aeainst it satis
! fied in the following order: *irst, the
receiver's foes and expenses; second, the
bill of the Risdon Iron Works for materials
used in the laving of the road, and third,
the claims of the employe?.
The order of court, however, did not
bring the overdue wages into the hands of
the waiting workmen. Weeks and months
passed ; the sale was. frequently announced
and as frequently postponed, but no one
could perceive any money in sight. Mean
while the Labor Eureau gave the
matter a little friendly jog now and then
in order to remind tne employes, the great
public and all others concerned tnat a day
of reckoning would have to come, ft
now seems as though that day were about
to dawn.
Yesterday information was received at
the headquarters of the bureau to the
effect that arrangements had at length
been perfected whereby the sale of the
roiid will take place on the 11th of April
without fail. Mr. Bennett, wno supplied
the information, was very reserved as to
the bidders for the property, but empow
ered Mr. Dam to assure the employes of
the road that their claims would be speed
ily adjusted in full, since he had reasons
fur being convinced that the price to be
paid for the road would cover all claims
against it.
Considerable speculation as to the prob
able purchaser is rife, most of the business
men inclining to the belief that the Mar
ket-street cable railway will come into
possession of the road.
NEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGGIOM KID GLOVES. -
THIS'"WEEK
Easter
Opening.
SUPERB DISPLAY
OF 1
SPRING STYLES,
Novelties and Exclusive Designs In,
I Easter Gloves, Neckwear, Par*
asols, Silk Waists, Fans. Laces,
Silks, Trimmings, Handker-
chiefs, Ribbons, Hosiery, Un-
derwear, Corsets, Leather
Goods and Sterling: Silver-
ware.
EASTER SPECIALS.
25 Entirely New and Choice De- f\ m
signs in Figured Taffeta Btlkt, UL/1
which we have marked at the w\ \\m
extraordinary low price of V V v
Per yard
These goods eclipse any previous offer md
are well worth $1 per yard.
OUR $1.00 Id mm.
120 dozen more of those Ladles' 4-Batton
(..lace Gloves, with large buttons * nd »-
broidered backs. in white, cream. Wow,
pearl, tan, red, mode, brown, sla:e » a & black. ■
Our word for it, the Best Collar >>ye» thai
money can buy.
We tit and guarantee every pair.
JUST OPENED,
Xew French Organdies In r >■** .beautiful
floral and Persian effects, price * Oc a yard.
New Linen Batistes in strip*- Plaids and
embroidered effects from 50c to ** per yard.
Xew Line of Dimities, in was- colors, at 15c
a yard.
These goods are beautiful patter:-' and immense
values.
Come with great expectations. L ' lir word for It—
Ko disappointments.
Be sure and pay us a visit this *eok and see our
Grand taster Display.
NEWMAN TLBMSOI
125, 127. 139, 131 Ke»rnySt.
! Uran eh Store 743 and 744 Market suWHERE JACK IS AT REST
The Secluded Cemetery for Sailors
Among the Presidio
Hills.
ROMANCE OF LITTLE MOTJNDS.
In This Strange Company Are Gathered
Men of Almost Every Nation
on Earth.
If you are fond of long walks in the
suburbs of San Francisco, and you hap
pen to wander over the United States mili
tary reservation, your steps may lead to
a lonely spot out near the Golden Gate,
where, in a vtilley dreary with stunted
growths and hummocks of half-tamed
sand dunes, long rows of white posts bear
ing names and dates, and strangely sug
gestive of plantation nurseries, intrude
upon the landscape. There are fences
round these rows of painted boards, and
then, as you draw near, there are mounds
side by side, all of an equal length, and
all sandy, save where nature has spread
the golden eschscholtzia, and the blue
nemophila amid the tufts of weeds.
The garniture of the wilderness is in
perfect harmony with this desert spot,
for the place is very wild indeed, secluded
from worldly sight by kindly hills and
groves, and unknown only to an occasonal
pedestrian who leaves the beaten path for
the Presidio hills. With all its wildnesp
the mounds and the white boards within
its rugged borders contain many a roman
tic story. The story, however, in each in
stance is a buried romance of the sea.
Every little hill marks the grave of a
sailor — the resting-place of Jack, where
there are no storms — for the acre of
mounds in the sailors' cemetery in San
Francisco.
Strange as it may appear, this burial
ground has at least 200 hardy fellows
under its sod, the men who came from all
quarters of the globe to the port of San
Francisco and never sailed away again
through the Golden Gate. They are the
tailors who came up from the sea in ships.
It was their lot to brave the ocean through
many a tempestuous mood and at last go
aloft like any ordinary land-lubber, and
after all their watches and wanderings to
have only a place among the dreary sand
bills, with bits of white-painted boards at
their heads.
How they came to meet this fate is an
other stor\' that has various interesting
points, for around Jack in his troubles and
nis last struggle the men beside him say
there is ever something of the romantic
side of life. It may be fate, as the sailor
himself would call this characteristic fea
ture, but anyhow it i? present. When
Jack corao« into port from another part of
the world and feels the hand of sickness
pressing heavily upon him, he forsakes his
bunk for a bed provided by Uncle for
him in the Marine Hospital. It matters
nut what his nationality may be. so lone
as he is a sailor he belongs to the Republic
of the High Seas and the great leveler in
life— t c M*a— is his guarantee of solicitude.
And so out in the Government institution in
Richmond there are constantly 100 s?.ii<>rs
gathered from all lands and suffering the
common ilis of hamanity. Too often the
journey to the hospital proves to be Jack's
last voyasre on earth, for every month the
ro.icalf fail 1 - short in the local institution
by four or rive names. A short walk over
the hi. l and those same names may be
upon the white board-, where flowers
have not yet begun to bloom upon the
sand freshly turned. The rows of whitened
:s have simply stretched otit a trifle
longer in the month, and the extension
represents the names that were dropped.
For this almost unheard of cemetery
within the City's limits is the burial
pround of the United States Marine Hos
pital.
And what visitor to the spot cao say that
. Jack has not a tender heart? Here are
sermons in simplest form. Even amid the
' unlovely headboards and weeds one may
learn a homely lesson from the work of
some rou-h sailors, who are now God
knows where. The touches of tenderness
left upon the sandy mounds appeal to one
with a pathetic earnestness, though, after
all. they be nothing more than wooden
monuments and frames, or fences, for an
occasional grave, a tiny marble slab or a
cluster of flowering plants.
:> About the last thing the crews of ships
have done in San Francisco before sav
ing," said an officer of the hospital, point
ing toward the few monuments, "was to
come out here and decorate the graves of
their dead comrades.
"The crew of an English ship lost a cora-
WHERE THE SAILORS ARE BURIED.
rade. who was buried here. They con
tributed enough out of their wasres to bay
a fence and head monument, and the day
before their ship saile I for home they
w.-re out here at the grave. Then they had
a photograph taken of the monument to
show in England that they had done
everything in their power for their ship
mate. . a
"Some of the other fences and flowers
were placed there by friends of the sailors.
Those people knew the men buried here
and they came and put *ip monuments
io»ed rinwers upon the graves. They
were all seamen, and as far a-i I knew had
nothing in commcn more than a warm
heart for one another."
These dead sailors form a strange com
pany as they lie side oy side. They sailed
Francisco in ships from every land
Ibe B ,n, except Turkey. As an ll-
I stration of the extraordinary diversity
of nationality, it was stat-d that the sail
brs who dieu and were r>uried there since
\ Qgust, were natives of the following
• arranged according to the chro-
ORter of burials: Denmark,
d. Austria, New Mexico, Germany,
;!ia, Chile, Finland, I>ew \ oric,
Greece Sweden, Hnlan-i, Denmark,
\- inland, Jamaica, Wisconsin,
v Texas, Sweden, Peru. Illinois,
: , ' Germany, Norway, Germany,
Ireland Japan, Cape de Verde islands,
En}.' and. Prussia, Alaska, Spain, lialy,
id Portugal. South America, China,
Hindo tan, West Indies and Africa have
also contributed their quota to the cem
etery. The proportion of Americans is re
markably small, which fact Is accounted
for by ibe American preference for a life
on land, and abo by the letter treatment
as a rult accorded sailors on American
ships.
In this connection the question no doubt
NEW TO-DAT — DRT GOODS. _
SMIM^FFEMNGSFORTHELAST WEEK BEFOREEASTER !
CARRIAGE MASOLS!
At $1.00.
SILK GLORIA PARASOLS, in bl»ck,
lined, will be offered at $1.
At $1.50.
SILK GLORIA PARASOLS, in black, two
ruffles, will be offered at $1 50.
At $2.00.
SILK GLORIA PARASOLS, In black, two
ruffles, lined, will be offered at $2.
TEILING ! VEILING !
At 2Oc to $1.00 a Yard.
18-INCH DOTTED AND FANCY MESH
VEILING, in all shades, an endless
variety of all the latest ideas. Special
values' this week.
At 25c to $2.75 a Yard.
27-INCH DOTTED AND FANCY MESH
VEILING, in all shades, the largest
assortment, all new designs. Speeia!
sale this week.
At 50c to $2.50 Each.
LACE BORDERED VEILS, HONITON
TRIMMED VEILS, CREAM WASH-
ED VEILS, and other novelties. Spe-
cial display this week of the latest
styles.
GLOVES ! GLOVES !
At 45 Cents.
2000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KIE
GLOVES, in mode, tan and slate
shades, regular value $1, will be offered
at 45c a pair.
At 50 Cents.
1000 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, col-
ors mode and slate, regular value Sbc
will be offered at 50c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
950 pairs SHOOK KID GLOVES, color;
and black, regular value $1 25. will be
offered at 75c a pair.
\£ {/ Murphy Building, J
IJiuiiiGl UiiU uUliiii) Oil CDliJ.
arises, what is it that carries off so many
able men?
There is a belief that sailors succumb to
acquired diseases, accidents on board ship
and sickness brought on by exposure. The
United States Marine Hospital Service re
port for 1894 shows that hfty-six men of
the sea died that year. The«e cases are
divided into general diseases, 25; local, 20;
injuries, 2. Consumption ended the days
of seventeen of this number and only one
man succumbed to scurvy.
The other diseases that proved fatal were
of the nervous, circulatory, respiratory
and digestive f-ystems. This is news to
many landsmen^ who imagined that Jack
was usually drowned, or died according to
some queer belief about sailors. The
strantrestof it all may be this— that as a
rule Jack finds his last resting place ashore,
and that the number who go to Davy
Jones are infinitely in the minority.
When the summons comes for Jack to go
aloft he is dressed in hi 3 own clothes, that
is the apparel he wore on entering the
institution. Then they place him, this
rough sailor, with his dress of the sea,
which perhaps still savors of the salt air
and the unctuous pitch, into a plain, stout
redwood coffin. There is not much ado
over his interment. He is put under the
sand wich a board at his head, and, at least
— he is with his mat's.
COWS WILL BE KILLED.
DiseaHed Bovines Under the Ban of the
Board of Health— Dairymen
Arrested.
Milk Inspector Dockery's crusade against
the dairies that have failed to comply with
the Board of Heaitli regulations prohibit
ing the keeping: of sick cows will begin
some time during this week, and the in
spector expects to destroy a large number
of bovines. The dairymen have b en given
ample notice to rid themselves of their
tuberculous cows, and will be allowed no
further time in the matter.
It is also expected that during the pres
ent week a number of restaurant and notel
keepers who nave failed to take out per
mits to f-ell milk will be arrested and
prosecuted in the Police courts.
Dockery was on the San Uruno road
blight and early yesterday morning, and
while the milk" examined was of good
quality, and, therefore, passed muster, he
caught two milk-men without the required
registered numbers on their wagons, and
arrested them. They were L. de Santi
and Z*no Gwerder, proprietors of the San
Francisco dairy.
There are 1425 characters in the twenty
four books that Charles Dickens wrote.
If you ache or get hurt, havo sore throat or
tonsllitis, try Mitchell's Maeic Lotion. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SCNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
WASH JOTS!
LINES THATJTTRACT!
36-INCH HEAVY, NICELY
PRINTED PERCALES,
good fabrics, value for in« YanH
12^c,at lUb-.IoPU
50 pieces LINON BATISTE
(natural flax color), 31 101 n VgnH
inches wide lu2u ICIIU
1
2 cases FINE IMPORTED
PRINTED DIMITIES, as nc Yapfl i
dainty and fine as are made uuu lulu
TAILOR - MADE DUCK
SUITINGS and LONDON
PIQUES, in a large line 10U Yaiifl
of colorings I&2U 1011 l
: WHITE CHECK NAINSOOK
s in five different styles (10c Din YanH
I value) U4U I 0.1
LARGE LINE INDIGO AND
SHIRTING CALICOS,
r best standard fabrics; also C n Vnnrl :
I Ginghams....... UU IdiU
1
SPECIALS!
'. HEAVY MARSEIL LES
t BEDSPREADS, full
*?%™!].. m * de :..™\ $1.65 Each
100 pairs FINE WHITE
California blan-
kets, 66 inches wide, fIM fin n n :
value $5 50 CD'r.UU rfllP
NOTTINGHAM LACE
CURTAINS, genuine
Brussels effect, full
' length, very lacy and fljf) fill Doin
s stylish iD^.UU itlll
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS,
3 yards long, good, strong PR- Pain
thread, effective in design.. Uuu I all
. NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS,
3H yards long, 60 inches flji Pain
wide, very durable $I. idll
I ££*- About 1000 REMNANTS FINE
> AM) MEDIUM TABLE DAMASKS and
ODD TABLE CLOTHS, on sale this week.
J
(JllJf Murphy Building, /
Market ni Joass Streets.
ELABORATE EASTER HUES
Holy Week Observed by Unusual
Magnificence at the
Cathedral.
Worshipers at Howard Presbyterian
Church Soon to Be Installed in
Their New Chapel.
The ceremonies of Holy Week will be
conducted on a very elaborate scale at the
Cathedral. Th« blessing of the palms
will take place this morning be
fore the half-past 10 o'cldck mass, Most
Rev. Arch bishop Riordan officiating. The
Passion will be read during the celebration
of mass. At the Gospel the announce
ments for Holy Week will be made. In
the evening Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast
will preach. His discourse will be on
"Hoiy Week."
On Holy Thursday morning there will
be a solemn pontifical mass at half-past 10
o'clock, during which the holy oils will be
coni-ecratea. After mass the blessed sac
rament will be borne in solemn procession
from the high altar to the repository at
the side altar. Holy Thursday evening
services will begin at half-past 7 o'clock.
A sermon on the "Blessed Sacrament"
will be preached by Rev. Joseph Cooway.
On Good Friday the solemn functions
of the day will beein at 9 o'clock. In the
evening, commencing at half-past 7
o'clock, there will be the devotions of t.e
way of the cross, with a sermon on the
"Passion of Our Lord," by Rev. Joseph F.
Byrne.
Holy Saturday the ceremonies will be
inaugurated at 7 o'clock in the morning.
These ceremonies consistof the blessing of
the new lire and of the paschal candle,
reading of the prophecies, the solemn con
secration of the baptismal font and the
recital of the litanies of the saints. At
the conclusion of these ceremonies the
solemn mass of the resurrection will be
celebrated.
Easter Sunday morning solemn pontifi
cal mass will be celebrated at half-past 10
o'clock. On this occasion the sermon will
be preached by the Right Rev. Monsignor
Nugent. At the conclusion of the mass
the papal benediction will be imparted by
: tho Most Rev. Archbishop Riordan.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock the closing
services of the married men's mission will
be held at St. Patrick's. The mission for
| the young men will be inaugurated at half
': past 7 in the evening.
The quarterly rally of St. Teresa's branch
of the League of the Cross was held in the
basement of St. Teresa's Church last Sun
day afternoon. The attendance was large.
: A "select programme was presented, the
participants of which acquitted themselves
j admirably of their parts. Among the many
present were: Revs. P. O'Connell. Philip
O'Ryan and the .following gentlemen of
the executive committee: Messrs. T. H.
Fallon, W. Breslin, J. J. Gildea, Matt Car
! roll, Luke Carroll, Walter Terry, John
B;mn<-rruan and T. J. Lacey.
A new council of the Young Men's In
stitute has been formed at Ocean View.
District Deputy John E. Richards con
ducted the exercises. He was assisted by
James E. Kenny, J. P. Henry and Alexan
der Andler. The following officers were
elected: F. A. Sullivan, president; P. J.
Kennedy, vice- president; L. H. Isharn,
secretary, and Dr. Vaudre, medical exami
ner. Rev. Father Cooper, pastor of St.
Michael's Church, Ocean View, delivered
a very encouraging address to the members
of the new council.
Columbia Council No. 55, Young Men's
Institute, has nominated the following
delegates to th- Grand Council which will
convene in Haywards next May: W. J.
Ahem, D. F. Shea, Samuei Haakins and
J. P. Folcy. Dr. T. H. Morris, M. R.
Nicholson, W. J. Carlin and A. Pilcovich
have been named as alternates. The elec
Ladies who have not yet completed their preparations for Easter
will find A MATCHLESS ARRAY OF ATTRACTIONS in the many
departments of our mammoth establishment, as we are showing
ALL THE NEWEST AND MOST FASHIONABLE PRODUCTIONS
IN SPRING GOODS as well as a variety of. SPECIAL AND EX-
CLUSIVE NOVELTIES that in elegance and beauty surpass any-
thing heretofore designed and as an extra inducement to their in-
spection THIS WEEK we offer the following and many other
EXCEPTIONALLY STRONG VALOES!
COLORED DRESS GOODS !
At 25 Cents.
140 pieces 36-INCH ALL-WOOL BOU-
RETTE PLAID SUITING, actual
value 40c, will be offered at 25c a yard.
At 35 Cents.
95 pieces 37-INCH ENGLISH TWEED
SUITING, in gray, brown, tan and
blue, actual value for 50c, will be of-
fered at 3ac a yard. .
At 45 Cents.
17 pieces 37-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY
PLAIDS, new designs, actual value
for 60c, will be offered at 45c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
71 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL PINHEAD
CHECKS, medium and, light color-
ings, actual value for 65c, will be of-
fered at 50c a yard.
At 65 Cents.
51 pieces 42-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY
PINHEAD CHECKS, in green, tan,
brown anl garnet effects, actual value
for $1, will be offered at 65c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At 35 Cents.
50 pieces 51-INCH ALL-WOOLCHEVIOT,
regular value 6oc, will be offered at 35c
a yard.
At 50 Cents.
40 nieces 4S-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-
'WOOL^TORM SERGE, worth regu-
lar 75c, will be offered at 50c a yard.
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS!
In Colored and Jet Spangled Gimps, consisting of the latest styles, in all widths, and
m an endless variety of solid and mixed shadings, at lowest prices.
i '
ytif Murphy Building, /
Market dilil Jones Streets.
tion will be held at the next regular
meeting of the council.
The Archbishop Riordan Reading Circle
has appointed the following committee to
devise ways ami means for the formation
of a parochial library for St. Charles
parish: Mrs. P. B. Hay, A.J.Donovan
and E. J. Coffey.
The Calvarinn Society will hold its final
Lenten services at the cathedral at JJ:3O
i>. M. today. Rev. Jerome B. Hannigan
will preach "on 'Barabbas."
Special services will be held at the
French Reformed Church, 1110 Powell i
street, this week, commencing on Tues- ;
I day. They will be preliminary to the spe- i
I cial Easter services on Sumlav next.
The work on the Howard Presbyterian
Church, at the panhandle, is progressing
very satisfactorily and the chappl, which
has a seating capacity of TOO, will be ready
for occupancy within sixty days.
Owing to the death of his sister Rev. P. j
i C. Yorke will not lecture at St. Francis :
'' de Sales Church, Oakland, this evening, as
had been arranged.
The League of the Cross is preparing for j
a regimental drill at the Mechanics Pa
vilion on the 10th inst.
Rev. Father Vincent Barzuski, pastor of
St. Augustine's Church, Chicago, is the
guest of Dr. L. Pawlic ki.
Mrs. George McComb has charge of the |
music to be rendered at the last mass on
| Easter Sunday at Holy Cross Church.
James D. Phelan has presented a gold j
medal to St. Augustine s College which j
j will be awarded to the student showing \
i the greatest proficiency in some branch of j
j study yet to tie determiiu-d.
CAPTAIN HEALTH'S CASE.
The DUpatfh Announcing His Dig-
missal Is Not Believed to Be True
by UN Attorneys.
"I can't believe the report, and I won't
until it is confirmed."
Such was Frederick A. Healy's comment
on a published telegram announcing his
father's dismissal from the United States
revenue service. The popular young bar
rister was much grieved and incensed at
the report, and finds it impossible to give
credit to it.
"If my father had been dishonorably
dismissed in the high-handed fashion
which the dispatches indicate," lie re
marked, "surely he would have received
some notice of it. He has near and dear
friends in Washington, who would see to
it that the earliest news, good or had, as
to the result of the inquiry would reach
hi*n without delay. It looks as though
tne dispatch had been evolved from the
fertile brain of some one of the gentry
who trumped-up the charges against my
fa' her, which the testimony at the trial so
triumphantly refuted."
MfS'rs. Henley and Costello, Captain
Healy'fl attorneys, also regard the dis
patch as meriting no high degree of
credence.
"Ii Captain Healy had been thrust out
of the service," remarked Mr. Costello
yesterday, "we would have heard of it
before now. It seems to me the most that
can befall the captain is a transfer, vr per
haps only a reprimand. Until we receive
some confirmatory intelligence we cannot
repose any confidence in the dispatch."
Liberal Socialinin.
Morrison I. Swift will give a course of Sun
day morning lectures in Kohler & Chnse Hall,
26 O'FamMl street, beginning at 11 o'clock.
Subject this morning, "Drones, Interest
and Rent; the Scientific and Economic Method
of St. Paul 'Touching These Phenomena."
There will be no charge for admission aud all
are cordially invited.
MUi Shaw's Sermon.
Miss Anna Shaw will preach this evening In
the California-street M. E. Church, corner
California andßroderick streets. This will bo
Miss Shaw's last public appearance in the City,
as she now starts southward on her lecturing
tour.
Tbe majority of herbivorous animals are
light sleepers, while cold-blooded and car
nivorous animals are those whose sleep is
most deep.
SILK DEPARTMENT !
At 20 Cents a Yard.
100 pieces COLORED INDIA SILK, in
light and dark shades, will be offered
at 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
150 pieces JAPANESE WASH SILK, in
checks, plaids and stripes designs,
good value for 35c, will be offered at
25c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
80 pieces FANCY STRIPED AND
CHECKED TAFFETA SILK, extra
quality, good value for $1, will be of-
fered at 75c a yard.
At 85 Cents a Yard.
15 pieces 23-INCH BLACK DUCHESSE
SATIN, soft, rich finish, goodvaluefor
$1 25, will be offered at 85c a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
40 pieces BLACK FIGURED AND BRO-
CADED GROS-GRAIN SILK, latest
designs, heavy quality, good value for
$1 25, will be offered at $1 a yard.
BLACK DRESi GOODS!
At 75 Cents.
50 pieces PRIESTLEY'S LATEST NOV-
ELTIES in fancy weaves, in a variety
of designs, will be placed on sale at 75c
a yard.
At $1.00.
40 pieces 41-INCH EXTRA FINE ENG-
LISH FIGURED MOHAIRS, worth
regular $1 50, will be sold at $1 a yard.
{£{/ Murphy Building, J
Market and Jonss Streets.
THE WONG KIM ARK CASE
Question of Chinese Citizenship
Will Not Be Decided
This Spring.
Attorney-General Harmon's Attitude.
A Decision Wanted on the Merits
of the Case.
The case of Wong Kirn Ark, now pend
ing in the United States Supreme Court, a
decision in which will definitely settle the
question of whether a native of this coun
try, born of Chinese parents, is or can be
come a citizen and a voter, will not be
heard at the spring term.
Word to this effect was received by
United States District Attorney Foot" and
George 1). Collins in this City yesterday.
Attorney-General Harmon had hoped to
have the case advanced and placed on the
spring calendar, so that a decision could
be reached in time to pievent the voting
of the 500 Chinese in San Francisco who
claim to he native sons of California. It
transpires, however, that the Supreme
Court's calendar is so crowded that the
Depuitment of Justice could not have the
case advanced, and it will now come up at
the October term.
"It is to be regretted, of course, that the
case could not he advanced, " said Attor
ney Collins yesterday, "but Mr. Harmon
has informed us that the calendar was in
such a condition that the desired advance
ment was impossible.
"There is just one thing to be done now,
and that is, in October when the case is
signed, to ask the court to defer its decis
ion until after the elections. I believe Mr.
Harmon is in full accord with our views
on this matter, and that this course will be
pursued.
"There is every probability that should
the Supreme Court be called upon for a de
cision before the date of election a decree
! miobt be rendered not so much upon the
bare merits of the case as we could wish.
It is our contention that the sons of aliens
who may not or have not become citizens
of the United States arc not, by reason of
their birth alone, citizens of the United
States. This is a point that ha* never yet
been brought before the Unite! States
Supreme Court. It is not the only point
we rely upon for a reversal of Judge Mor
row's perfunctory ruiint;, yet the point is
of such a nature that we desire a decision
upon its merits alone, aside from any
question of policy which, should the de
cision be given just before election, the
court would certainly be juscitied in con
sidering. Hence we shall ask that the
decision be postponed till after November.
"If this is complied with and the point
ruled upon, as we hope it will be, ihere
will be ample time before another election
for the Caucasians who may be dis
franchised by tne ruling to make good
their citizenship."
Notwithstanding that the Supreme
Court of the United States will not be j
likely to afford relief from the 500 Chinese
of this City who threaten to cast their bal
lots in the fall, there is quite a strong feel
ing in this City over the question, and ef
forts will be made to put a quietus on the
ambition of these young Chi no- Americans.
They will be, at least and by all means,
examined most severely on the educa- j
tional qualification, and to this end the j
"native sons" are now learning the consti- <
tution by heart.
, — _ 1 —
A graphic idea of tuft immense size of j
Siberia may be gleaned from the following j
comparison: All of the states, kingdoms, j
principalities, empires, etc., of Europe j
(except Russia) and all of the United |
States, including Alaska, could be placed j
side by side in Siberia ana yet but little
BOff than cover that immense country. >
LADIES' SPRING CAPES !
At $1.50.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, in shades of
Navy, Black and Tan Cheviot, with in-
laid velvet collar, worth $2 50, will be
offered at $1 50 each.
At $2.50.
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES, made of
Black, Tan and Navy Blue Cloaking,
upper cape and collar braided in pretty
designs, worth $4, will be offered at
$2 50 each.
At $3.00.
LADIES' DOUBLE AND SINGLE
CAPES, made of twilled and plain
cloaking, braided In various designs,
tan, navy blue and black, worth $4 50,
will be offered at $3 each.
LADIES' SPRIT JACKETS!
At $5.00.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACK-
ETS, in mottled effects, different
shades, with very full leg-o'-mutton
sleeves, lar^e bone buttons, notched
collar, worth $7 50, will be offered at
$5 each.
At $7.50.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACK-
ETS, in black, tan and navy, with
triple stitched seams, new style
pleated backs, very full sleeves, notched
collar, large bone buttons, worth $10,
will be offered at $7 50 each.
LADIES'IUm!
At $5.00.
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and
Double - Breasted Jackets, in navy,
black and mixed brown cheviot, with
ripple skirts, mandolin sleeves, neatly
finished, worth $7 50, will be offered at
$5 each.
At $7.50.
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and
Double-Breasted Jackets, in black and
navy cheviot, lined throughout, ripple
skirts, mandolin sleeves, worth $10,
will be offered at $7 50 each.
LADIES' DRESS" SKIRTS!
From $2 75 to $20.
A full line of stylishly made SKIRTS,
lined thronghout, in' Serges, Cheviots,
Figured Alpacas, Fancy Blacks and
. Colored Goods, Figured Black Silks,
varying in price from $2 75 to $20 each.
CHILDREISTACKETS!
At $1.95.
CHILDREN'S DOUBLE - BREASTED
JACKETS, of fancy checked material,
in blue, red and brown, leg o' mutton
sleeves, notched collar, bone buttons,
worth $3, will be offered at $1 95 each.
if if Murphy Building, /
Martet anfi Joaes Streets. !
'TourBATTLE M oryodr life"!
<•' Must.nave it !
w/BfimS/^^' > il [2iAjJbmbP^
IRe largest piece of GOOD tobacco
ever sold for Iv cents.
GRATEFUL-COMFORTINGK COAL! COAL !
EPPB S COCOA 'iSl^EEr'TsLaif to, i : &
, 8eatt10. ....................... 8 00— Half too *OH
breakfast-supper; B fy ant - -•"• -» b 00 ~ il * WB ■■ * oj ■
• T»T A THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OP TH» lwepnone-Black-35.
X> natural laws which govern the operations of wVTnrVJRnfIKFR COAL CO.
digestion and nutrition, and by a careful applies ■KKICKEKBOI-A .t. K. \,KJAk» \,U.,
tloeof the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa, '■ ' 6~!4 Howard Street. Near First.
Mr. Epps has pro elded for our breakfast and supper r; — : " : : : — —
a delicately flavored beverage, which may save us IRON BEDS,
many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious r '■ i BRASS BEDS
use Of such articles of diet that a constitution may */«. Z*** __, titut/- t, -A - <
be gradually built up until strong enough to resist j r > xULiiuiiiDtus
•very tendency to disease. v Hundreds of subtle '■ Wire and Hair Mat-
maladies are floating around us, ready to attack I -jesses, It oc 1 i n t n■»
wherever there is a weak pJint. We may escape j **  Chairs, Wheel Chairs, .
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well font- ! > |ff fMI \-~ : Commodes, Back llesu
fled with pure blood and a properly nourished i I I fu iinJ it a crnnnrir
frame. "-Civil Service Gazette. I I I tiTm? w. A. SCHROCK,
Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sol* ! 1 ' » * !l V |j I —21—
•nly In half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus: **tCZZ Z^ =i» . >•"«* Montgomery
JAMES &CO.,Ltd.,Homoeopftthl« W-> ' *^T -i J St., under Oraud
Vbamists. L*ndo>. Koslud. 1 - Uotel. S. I.
CHILDREN'S DUCK SUITS!
At $1.50.
CHILDREN'S SUITS, of fancy striped
ducking, full skirt, blouse finished with
deep sailor collar, sizes 4 to 10 years,
will be offered at $1 50 each.
At $2.25 and $3.00.
CHILDREN'S SUITS, made of English
Galatea, in fancy stripes and white
ducking, made with sailor blouse and
full skirt, will be offered at $2 25 and
$3 each.
MEN'S OUTING SHIRTS!
At 35 Cents.
MEN'S MADRAS AND CHEVIOT OUT-
ING SHIRTS, in a variety of hand-
some patterns and all sizes, extra good
Value for 50c, will be offered at 35c each.
At 60 Cents.
52 dozen MEN'S LAUNDRIED "STAN-
LEY" SHIRTS, with collars and cuffs
attached, in a choice variety of new
patterns, worth $1, will be offered at
60c eacb.
At $1.00.
MEN'S LAUNDRIED PERCALE
SHIRTS, with two collars and one pair
cuffs to each ; also Dres3 Shirts with
colored percale fronts and cuffs to
match; will be offered at $1 each.
JERSEY RIBBED UNDERWEAR
At 12>i Cents.
LADIES' SWISS RIBRED COTTON
VESTS, low neck and sleeveless, beau-
tifully trimmed neck and arms, regu-
ular value 20c.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED FRENCH
LISLE-THREAD VESTS, low neck
and sleeveless, silk braided neck and
arms, in ecru, white, black, sky and
pink colors, regular value 75c.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WOOL
MIXED VESTS, high neck, long
sleeves, and high neck, short sleeves,
non-shrinkable, in white, natural and
pink, regular price $1.
Ljif Murphy Building, /
Martet and Joaes Streets.
1920
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor- \/.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
rally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1 5
r»!ly and Sunday Call, one year, by mail.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally »iDd Sunday Cali., three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
fcuiiday Call, one year, by mall 1-&0
* K&K.LY Call, one year, by mall ...• *•«>
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Sun Francisco, California.
rtlfpbone 1111 _ : M»ln-18M
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
relep&eM 11 » z: :.M*ln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open Uttll
8:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
intil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 £<iij[h street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
SUNDAY MARCH 29, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Bread and roses will soon be as cheap as
climate.
Three Sower gardens for a cent, is the
coming sign.
Let the tiower w&r go on until even the
tramp can wear a boutonniere.
This is the day to rest, read The Call
and overhaul your fishing-tackle.
We are near enough the end of Lent for
the Easter bonnet to begin to primp itself.
If society has been abstaining from any
thing during Lent, it has neglected to ad
vertise it.
It begins to look as if the florists intend
to give us a carnival of flowers as a sur
prise party.
Every lottery notice in a newspaper is a
notice that a Jay has been violated and
somebody swindled.
•
It is to be hoped the British will turn a
cathode ray on the Fiiiibuzzis and let us
gee what is in a name.
Parents who do not wish their boys to
buy lottery tickets should refuse to take
papers that advertise lotteries.
About this time men begin to admit that
whenever Cleveland leaves his business
and goes fishing, he has a lucid interval.
The mountain sheep may sport and the
wild kid may play, but the Buckley lamb
is not gamboling on anything this year.
The only trouble with McKinley's man
ager, Mart Hanna, is his name. People
are always asking what's the matter with
him.
Some of the most serious-minded jour
nals in the East have bepun to show a
fondness for calling the Senate the cockpit
of politics.
If Mr. Depew wishes to increase his
reputation as a story-teller, let him post
himself on the facts of California, and tell
them when he goes back Ea~t.
All of our Eastern exchanges, from Chi
cago to Boston, are shouting in unison
thai if the blizzards had not come they
would have had an early spring.
It seems that after all an attempt will
be made by the railroad lobby tc have a
funding bill passed at this session. Whom
the gods would destroy they first mate
mad.
As the New York World predicts the
nomination of McKinley on the first bal
lot, it behooves that gentleman to hunt
around at once for a mascot to head off
the hoodoo.
«
A bill providing for marriage reform has
been introduced into the New Jersey Leg
islature, and strangely enough the reform
consi-ts in mating it a little more difficult
to get married than it is now.
In a choice between the improvement of
San Pedro or Santa Monica Southern Cali
fornia may much prefer the former, but all
the same it -will be better at tuis juncture
to have either than to have neither.
The battles of ballots for tne election of
queens in the carnival counties always be
gin with the festive nickel, but it is never
very long before the golden eagle rouses
himself and takes a swoop at the ballot
box.
The discovery that lowa lias been dump
ing her lunatics into Chicago goes far to
explain the rapid increase of population
of that city, but what grinds Chicago is
thftt she cannot distinguish these lunatics
from her other citizens.
By gold withdrawals averaging more
than $150,030 a day the increase in the
treasury reserve nas been brought to a
standstill and it is only a matter of time
when it will turn backward and then there
"will be a demand for more bonds.
Two young men— Barrett of Massachu
setts and Cousins of lowa— -have dis
tinguished themselves in this Congress so
that the East and the MissitttfpDi Valley
have won laurels, and it is now time for
Borne Pacific Coast youth to show himself
nervy enough to challenge Congress and
eloquent enough to capture it.
Since we are promised postal improve
ments in San Francisco to the extent of a
house-to-house collection as well as de
livery of mail:-; perhaps we have no right
to Sick about the delay in the construc
tion of the Postoffice building, but, all the
same we would like to see the temptation
to kick removed from the foot of indigna
tion.
A recent investigation by the Railroad
Committee of the New Jersey .Senate has
broueht to light a contract by which the
Standard Oil Company receives a rebate
on its freights and is protected from com
petition by the roads, and it is estimated
that under this agreement New Jersey
alone pays the trust an illegitimate profit
of |790,000 a year.
A proposal that the grand new railway
station f .o be erected in Boston should be
called Quincy station, in honor of the
Mayor, haw called forth a vigorous protest
on the ground that Boston has already a
Quincy market, a Quincy House, a Quincy
street, a Quincv School, a Quincy Hall
and a Quincy etatue. On this showing it
does seem that if any further honor to the
family is needed it would be better to
lump the thins aad c&li the town Quincy -
ville.
TOE SUNDAY THOUGHT.
The task of suppressing lotteries is one of
those issues which Lord Bacon described
as appealing to both the business and the
bosoms, of men. It appeals to business,
for tne lottery swindles waste the money
of the people. It appeals to the bosom, for
it is a matter of morality that fraud should
be punished and law sustained. Appeal
ing, therefore, both to the economy and
to the honesty of men, every issue involved
in the suppression of lotteries should re
ceive the vigorons championship of all
those whose intelligence and morality is
sufficient to give them an influence in the
community.
The contest against lotteries has been
carried far enough to place upon the stat
ute-books a law providing a penalty for all
engaged in it. In all of its forms and
phases, and in every step of i'.s processes,
the lottery business is an illicit traffic.
Nevertheless it flourishes. Hidden from
the police, it yet makes itself known in
almost every household. It manages to
(achieve this by the aid of newspapers that
circulate everywhere. The freedom of the
press has been cunningly used to serve the
violators of the law in their efforts to swin
dle the people.
As the law stands to-day, it would be
comparatively easy to so far suppress the
operations of the lottery swindlers that but
a very small proportion of the people
would be reached by them, if it were not
for the freqnent publication of lottery lists
and notices of lottery prizes by newspapers
that otherwise maintain such a degree of
respectability they are received in the
homes of the City and read by young and
old.
Police officials have repeatedly stated
that they could virtually eradicate the
evil from this City if it were not for these
publications, and their statements have
never been refuted. The suppression of
lottery advertising in all its forms is there
fore an essential step toward tne suppres
sion of the lotteries themselves. It is,
moreover, the step that must be taken
next.
A defect in the law prevents the punish
ment of certain forms of this advertising,
and the police and the courts are power
less. The only recourse therefore is for
the business and the moral influence of
the community to exert itself. Lottery
notices are published simply because they
are better paid for than any other form of
advertising. With the newspapers that
publish these notices it is a matter of coin
merely. If any of them found that they
would lose subscribers and advertisers by
lending tne aid of their columns to an
illicit and swindling traffic they would
soon adopt a different policy and become
as free from such things as The Call
itself.
We recommend to the people of San
Francisco on this day of rest a serious
thought whether they will any longer sup
port a newspaper that aids swindlers in
robbing the people of the City, taking
money from the home and from business,
deriding law and corrupting morals. If
the strong elements of the City put away
from their homes all papers that advertise
lotteries it will not be long before all
papers will refuse such advertising and
the victory will be won.
THE WILMEEDING SCHOOL.
The suggestion to combine the Wilmer
ding School with tho Lick School ol Me
chanical Arts offers a solution of many of
the difficulties that have presented them-
selves in regard to the establishment of
that institution. The Wilmerding bequest
of $400,000 is hardly sufficient to develop
the usefulness so greatly desired for the
institution. The Lick bequest is $540,000.
Of this amount $115,000 was expended in
starting a school, leaving $4^,090 as a per
manent fund for its maintenance. This is
none too large, but it is about $140,000
more than be left in the Wilmer
ding fund if the proposed school be set up
on a scale of excellence equal to that of the
Lick. This, of course, would not produce
as good results as would be possible under
some plan of combining the two schools.
The details of the proposed combination
aretbat the regents of the State University,
who are the trustees of the Wilmerding
bequest, lease one of the two excellent
buildings of the Lick School and erect an
additional house in the near vicinity, the
two schools to be then conducted so as to
be mutually helpful. As the Lick is more
for theoretical instruction than the Wil
merding was intended to be, each school
can be made a complement of the other
and an aid to the other's efficiency. Thia
suggestion has received an added interest
from the recent movement to locate the
Southside High School in tha immediate
vicinity of the proposed combined schools
of industrial art.
The placing of the Wilmerding School
anywhere but in San Francisco would be
a subversion of its purpose. It was clearly
the intention of the founder that the
school should be located here, and it is
equally clear that in no other locality in
the State could such a school be advan-
tageously and conveniently used by so
many students. Several sites have been
offered in the City, and each has its pe
culiar advantages. It will be the duty of
the regents to weigh these and select the
site that i 3 likely to conduce most to the
fulfillment of the will of the founder —
that of providing the best training possible
for tne greatest number of boys and girls
in trades that will enable them to be
self-supporting, helpful citizens of the
community.
AN IMPORTANT INQTJIKY.
The commission recommended in a re
port from the Senate Committee on Edu
cation and Labor will have some heavy
work to do if Jhe suggestions contained in
the report arc carried out. It provides
that the commission shall be composed of
twenty-one member?, drawn from leading
labor, industrial and agricultural organi
zations, that it shall be non-partisan and
that it shall investigate the subjects of
labor, agriculture and capital and recom
mend legislation concerning them.
Among the suggestions contained in the
report is the following: "The universal
dependence upon transportation com
panies is a fact or a question of prosperity
or lack of prosperity of agriculturists
which demands attention. In some States,
as in California, this factor is of supreme
importance; in others less. The fact that
oranges from Spain and Italy compete
successfully with oranges from California
in the great markets of the country is
wide-bearing. The cost of transportation
of California fruit to market is 90 cents
to $1 a box, whiie foreign fruit pays 32
cents. In less than carload lots it now
costs about $2 a box to lay down Califor
nia fruit in New York. Spanish ones pay
50 cents a caße, but the case is twice as
laree as that containing fruit with which
it competes. These facts tend to show
one of the principal causes of complaint
that is now being made by a very impor
tant industry of a great State, and the
present case would fairly come before such
a commission as is proposed. Lower
freight rates and a measure of protection
by tariff for domestic fruit would revive
this now languishing branch of horticul
ture."
That is a plain and truthful statement
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
of the case. In fewer words it means that
a protective tariff and tne removal of a
transportation power which is able to de
termine prosperity or its opposite are the
great considerations before the country. A
commission composed on the lines laid
down in the report would be something
uniaue in the history of the country. Its
report would represent the great produc
ing classes and would not be inspired by
any influence that England and Wall
street might be able to brine to bear. It
would open the eyes of the Nation to the
possibilities residing in a legitimate en
couragement of those industries and inter
ests which must be considered if the pros-
perity of the country is desired, and would
call attention to this splendid Western
empire which will in time become the
leading source of National wealth.
A NOTABLE EVENT.
The elaborate preparations which the
people of San Jose are making for their
rose carnival which will open May 6 indi
cate that a spectacle of uncommon mag
nificence will be presented for the enter
tainment of residents and visitors. Its
principal feature will be a street parade of
gorgeously decorated floats, and in order
that its composition may be a surprise
even to tnose who participate in it all
parties concerned will be bound to secrecy.
Colonel A. K. Whitton, who has charge of
this branch of the festival, will alone have
knowledge of the details, and his tact and
skill will be called into play to prevent
duplications and produce a general har
monious effect. The indoor feature of the
festival will be managed with equal abil
ity.
It is in the month of May that the
witcheries of the Santa Clara Valley are
presented in their most charming aspects.
Although only fifty miles from San Fran
cisco the climate is quite different from
that of the larger city. Between the val
ley and the ocean are reared the Santa
Cruz Mountains, which deflect the trade
windß and fogs and leave the glowing
plains to sunshine and balmy airs. As
one of the comparatively few cities in Cal
ifornia that appreciate the wonderful pos
sibilities of a semi-tropical climate in the
production of floral effects San Jose is
famous for its gardens and for that reason
has come to be known as the "Garden
City." "When to this intelligent adorn
ment are added miles of clean and smooth
bituminous streets and an abundance of
deciduous shade trees we find perfect con
ditions of beauty.
The Santa Cruz Mountains on the west
and the Coast Range on the east form a
noble setting for the exquisite valley of
which San Jose is the center. The floor of
the valley is carpeted witn orchards and
vineyards, and they are threaded with
hundreds of miles of roads which the
State Bureau of Highways nas proclaimed
to be the best in the' State. Here rural
life in California is found developed to its
highest perfection. Bordering the smooth,
dustless, tree-lined avenues which stretch
away through the valleys in all directions
are thousands of artistic homes, each with
its well-kept lawn and flower garden. The
finer parts of rural England and France
present no picture more alluring. Pros
perity, comfort and good taste and an
utter absence of squalor and neglect indi
cate a fecundity of soil that makes indus
try profitable, and a pleasant climate that
renders existence a delight.
Such are some of the charms that await
a visitor to the approaching .carnival of
roses at San Jose during the fairest month
of the year. It will not be sufficient to
confine the visit to the city itself. Its per
fectly kept country roads leading away in
all directions are an invitation which none
can afford to neglect. Those running to
the east and the west ascend the moun
tains on either side, and from these heights
one may look down upon a scene whose
enchantments can never fade. The splen
did winding road to tbe summit of Mount
Hamilton, whence the Lick Observatory
watches the whole stretch of the valley
and the shining Bay of San Francisco, is
the most famous and wonderful drive in
California, terminating at the greatest ob
servatory in the world. It is not alone
strangers who may learn something of the
infinite variety and beauty of California
by visiting the carnival of roses; every
Californian who embraces the opportunity
will acquire an added fondness for the
charms of his State and an increased pride
in its glories.
OPENING THE SEASON.
More and more are Californians learn
ine to appreciate the advantages apper
taining to summers that are free from
rains, mosquitos, malaria and oppressive
heat. The season opens propeilythe Ist
of April, when trout-fishing becomes al
lowable by law. In that matchless sport
its devotees have a large choice of con
venient streams stocked with trout, pro
tected by law and threading forested
mountains of incomparable beauty.
The next great outing event will be the
100-mile relay bicycle race round the
southern end of San Francisco Bay from
San Francisco to Alameda. This is a
gentleman's contest, and with eight re
lays for the trip the run will be full of
excitement and will be participated in by
scores of contestants. Then the regular
fiesta season will open. The cities pre
paring for these are Los Angeles, Santa
Barbara, San Jose, Oakland, Santa Rosa
and Healdsburg, and others are talking of
falling into the procession. Each festival
will have a distinctive character, all are
projected as spectacular events and the
wealth of flowers that bloom in California
will be the chief decorative feature.
The seaside and mountain resorts are
preparing for a large business. The com
pleteness, elegance and variety of these
are a marvel to strangers, but the wonder
ceases when it is learned that these estab-
lishments are free from the annoyances
attendant on similar placea in the East
and that the natural charms environing
them ana the royal health and pleasure
which they afford are more than the pros-
perous residents of the State can afford to
neglect. Besides the resorts devoted more
particularly to the furnishing of elegant
ease and rest are the innumerable medici
nal springs of every conceivable variety
that offer a wonderful combination of
cure, comfort and entrancing mountain
scenery.
There are so many chrantes that a resi
dent of any part of the State may fiud a
delightful and wholesome change in a few
hours' travel. From the comparatively
hot plains of the Sacramento and San
Joaquin valleys the residents may run
over to the coast and find a climate
cool, bracing and altogether different from
that to which they are accustomed, and
the coast dwellers can find in the moun
tain resorts the dryness, calm and brilliant
sunshine that are sometimes withheld
from the coast. Thus the opening of the
season means a constant shifting and in
terchange and a valuable accession of
health, pleasure and happiness.
When San Francisco comes to be better
understood by the millions who exist in
the refractory climate of the Eastern
States, it will be the "great health and
pleasure resort of the United States. Not
only is it a city having peculiar attrac
tions as the result of its bewildering cos
mopolitanism, but it is the center of a
marvelous group of natural charms. To
ward its completeness everything that
niaKes California unique contributes it 3
separate quota. A climate that gives birth
to the choicest semi-tropical products and
the finest wines is reflected in the balmy
and stimulating quality of San Francisco's
sunshine, ocean winds and comfoitable
cheer. The whole coast from San Fran
cisco to San Diego is another Riviera, and
the fragrance of roses and orange blossoms
is perennial. The destiny of the City is
foretold in the qualities which distinguish
it, and that will be accomplished when the
people of the United States have learned
the beginning of prosperity is health, com
fort and pleasant occupation.
THE NEGLECTED LEOTUEE.
Professor Barnes recently stated that the
lecture is no longer so popular as formerly
and that those given under the auspices of
the California Academy of Sciences had
been Badly neelected. This is the more
remarkable by reason of the fact that the
lecturers, supplied largely from the corps
of able teachers in the Stanford and Berke
ley universities, were conspicuously intel
ligent men and thorough masters of the
useful subjects which they treated.
Professor Barnes is right; the lecture is
no longer a popular metbod for the educa
tion of the masses. The reasons for the
fact are obvious. One is that it is impos
sible for any lecturer to present the whole
of an important subject in the course of an
hour or two, and the other is that the orig
inal high function of the platform has
been degraded into a show-place for the
exhibition of notorious personages.
Lecturing in schools is a very different
matter. There the lecturer has a year in
which to present his subject, leading his
classes steadily on while his theme en
larges and matures. The casual lecture of
instruction to the public must be either
a sadly maimed condensation, lacking pro
portion, perspective and comprehensive
ness, or a mere slice out of the heart of the
subject. The wonderful cheapness of tbe
printing-press has made books accessible
to all, and the wise student knows that
lectures are wofully inadequate as com
pared with books. There are many per
sons not sufficiently developed intellectu
ally to have mastered the art of learning
from books and magazines. They are the
primitive members of society and as such
they can learn through the ear better than
through the eye. But it is evident that in
their case the subjects presented must be
correspondingly simple— must be confined
to tne very rudiments of knowledge — or
they will be listened to unheeded.
The mistake of most scientific lecturers
is that they do not comprehend the situa
tion. The earnest student knows that the
memory of the ear is unreliable; with
books he has a constant and ready means
of correcting errors by reference. He is
aware that a lecture is merely an oral essay
md knows that if he has the essay in
print, to be studied and criticized line by
line, he has a reliable guide that discredits
the spoken word. The lecture was useful
before books became plentiful and cheap,
but the printing-press lias reduced it to a
folly.
NEW PRESIDENTIAL CONDITIONS.
Changes in Dovbtfvi, States and Rules for
Choosing Candidates.
In one particular at least the National con
ventions of the two political parties to be held
this year will differ radically from Naiional
conventions of recent times. Continuously since
the close ot the Civil War tho three States which
have exercised a determining influence upon
Republican National conventions have been
Ohio, Indiana and Pennsylvania. In all throe,
us well as in lowa and Nebraska, preliminary
elections were held in October, and it was
thought essential to Republican success that
these States or a majority should go Repub
lican.
After 1872 Pennsylvania fell out of the num
ber of October States and it has ceased to be
contested seriously at Presidential elections,
hs since '.hat time the Republican lead has been
overwhelming. Before 1872 Pennsylvania was
regarded as a close State. Even in the prelim
inary October election of 1808 the Republican
majority \tas only 9000, and at the election of
the year before the Democrats carried the State
by a plurality of 900 votes. Ohio and Indiana
remain not merely October States, but closely
contested States as well, and the importance of
their electoral vote is such that both parties
continue to compete for it actively. The Demo
crats went to Ohio for their Vice-Presidential
candidate in 1804 and to Indiana for their Vice-
Presidential candidate in 1870, 1880 and
1884. In 1888 they went a?ain to Ohio. The
Republicans went lot their Presidential can
didate to Ohio in 1876 and 1880, and to In
diana in 1888 and 1892. While Ohio has
been regarded uniformly aR indispensable
to Republican success, New York State, with
New Jersey and Connecticut, has been re
garded as essential to a Democratic triumph.
The Democratic delegates have shown
themselves as solicitous for the electoral
vote of New York as the Republicans have
been for the vote of Ohio, and there has been,
therefore, the peculiar spectacle in modern
American politics of an almost unbroken suc
cession of residents of New York nominated
on the Democratic side, and an almost un
broken list of residents or natives of Ohio
nominated on the Republican side.
Tne political conditions which may be said
to contront the two parties this year are radi
cally different from those which have existed
i:i times of previous National conventions.
The State of Now York, for the Jirst time since
the days of William H. Reward, who was
New York's favprite for the Republican nomi
nation at the Chicago convention of 1860,
has an earnest and sanguine candidate
of its own for the Presidential nomi
nation on the Republican side. In the
1860 convention Mr. Seward received 137
votes on the lirst ballot to 102 for Abra
ham Lincoln mid 49 for Salmon P, Chase
of Ohio, and was therefore the favorite
candidnte. While the Republican party
is visibly stronger in the lormer doubtful
States of 'the East, New York, New Jersey ami
Connecticut, than It has been at any time for
many years, the success of the Republicans in
their former strongholds of the West is seri
ously threatened by the defection of the Popu
lists, who complicated by their action all the
most confident prophecies made in 1892. The
Democrats, too, are without any enforced de
pendence upon doubtful States, East or West,
tiiis year, and Illinois and Minnesota seem to
promise better results than New Jersey and
Maryland. The contest of 1890 at the conven
tions will be a free-for-all one, as f»r as prece
dents and past conditions will be involved.—
New York Sun.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
The Situation in Volo.
Woodland Mail.
Populism is apparently dead in Yolo County.
It will be a battle between the two old parties
next fall, with the Republicans well in thelead.
Another View.
Santa Cruz Record.
It is all right, of course, this thing of show-
Ing bones by the cathode ray, but will some
scientist discover a ray for putting meat on
them? This is the popular side of it.
Progressive Los Angeles.
Stockton Mail.
A fresh proof of the intelligence and pro
gressive spirit of the people residing in Los
Angeles and its vicinity is afforded by the fact
that the scheme in favor of a greater Los An
geles was lately carried at the polls.
Why Not Pay the Debt?
Los Angeles Times.
Regarding the proposition to refund the
j Pacific railroad debt; if, as the railroad people
J claim, the property is ample security for the
i debt now owing the Government, why may not
| Mr. Huntingto'n borrow the money outside and
pay off the obligation, bonding" the Central
and Southern roads for the necessary amount?
Put Only Good Men on Guard.
Ollroy Advocate.
It is to be regretted that so many native born
Americans and other citizens who have prop
erty and business interests in our towns and
cities care so little for civic duties. Positions
| that ought to be considered .Honorable are
allowed to go begging. Every man worth beiug
an American citizen at all should have interest
enough in the government to take his part in
politics. We are to blame when our political
ideals are lowered.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Harry de Windt of London, the noted trav
eler and author, who has arrived here, en
route to explore new and wild regions in
Alaska and Siberia, and who Is at the Palace,
said yesterday:
"It is my present intention to form my expe
dition at Mount St. Elias, having reached that
vicinity by the regular steamer. Then I will
attempt to cross that absolutely unknown part
of Alaska lying between Mount St. Ellas and
Cape Prince of Wales, the extreme northwest
ern point of the American continent.
"I understand that in crossing Alaska there
is little danger from natives, but ttie extremes
of temperature are great and climatic condi
tions terribly severe.
"On reaching East Cape, the most easterly
part of Asia, which at one time I expected to
accomplish largley on the ice, I shall proceed
Harry de Windt, Now Here, Who Is to Explore Alaska From Mount St- Elias to
Cape Prince of Wales, and Siberia From East Caps.
[Sketched by a "Call artist."]
to Ghijiga, a distance of about 1000 miles, !
thence to Okhotsk, a further stage of 800 miles, '
and thence to Yakutsk.
"This part of my journey •will be performed
first by reindeer, then by dogs, and finally by
hoian. At Yakutsk I shßll proceed, in the i
summer, by river to Irkutsk, then by post
road to Tomsk, and, by my old route, home, ;
through Russia. Should I reach England ;
safely at the end of 1^97, as I expect, I shall
have traveled about 22,000 miles; but as this
journey has never been attempted, it is impos- >
sible to say how long it may take to accom !
plish.
"My object in undertaking it is first to ex- i
plore Alaska in regions unvisited hitherto by
Europeans, to make a further study of North-;
east Siberia, and to ascertain the conditions of ]
political exile at Yakutsk, one of the remotest •
settlements in Siberia."
Mr. de Windt says that George Kennan's sto
ries of maltreatment of Siberian prisoners are
greatly exaggerated.
"The knout is now completely abolished, and
even the net is only used on the island of
Saghalien," he said, "where its employment is
absolutely necessary for the preservation of
human life. Any one who has seen the vil
lainous ruffians I saw there, living and enjoy
ing all the privileges of free and enlightened
citizens, would have no difficulty in believing
this."
Mr. de Windt is about 40 years old. He hus
been traveling all hia life, has been in nearly
all the countries of the globe. He has by the
various means of travel, including going afoot,
on elephants' and camels' backs, by rail, boat
and otherwise, compassed hundreds of thou
sands of miles. He -.v ill remain in San Fran
cisco probably a week yet.
SUMMER IN THE HEART.
For all the wintry flakes of frost It's summer timo
somewhere —
Violets in the valleys, bird songs In the air;
The chilly winds have only blown the lily's lips
apart—
li's summer in the world, my dear, and summer In
i S.i- h'-.tn.
For all the gray skies glooming It's summer in
the dells—
In the merry song of reapers, in the tinkle of the
bells:
The sweet south skies are brightening as with
springtime's magic art —
But the sweetest summer, dearest, is the summer
In the heart.
Still, still the birds are singing and still the groves
are green,
And still tlie roses redden and the loyal lilies lean.
Love fades not with the season, when summer
days depart,
It's summer still, my dearest, In the Eden of the
heart. —Atlanta Constitution.
HELPING HOME INDUSTRY.
Grass Valley Telegraph.
When Charles M. Shortridge took control of
the San Francisco Call he said Pacific Coast
interests were to receive first attention. He
has maintained that idea all through and has
placed The Call at the top of the ladder in
coast journalism. Not only in newspaper work
has The Call maintained that idea, but in
various other ways. The steel work for the
new Call building will be furnished by home
inunufneturers, a contract for 2000 tons of steel
beams and girders having been lot to the Pa
cific Rolling-mills for the new building. This
move shows the sincerity of The Call in its
promises and will redound to its credit. The
Call deserves the success with which it is
meeting. _________^___
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
George Brown, a prominent citizen of Brook
lyn, Conn., is a great-grandson of the famous
General Putnam.
The Prince of Wales has been unanimously
re-elected grand master of the Mark Masons
for the ensuing year. He will be installed on
June 2.
Lieutenant Andre, the Swedish officer who is
to attempt to go to the north pole in a balloon,
has received applications from more than a
score of Swedish women who wish to join him
in his perilous trip.
Canon Gore, In a sermon at Westminster
Abbey recently, informed his congregation
that much of the Bible must have been taken
down in shorthand. He said that the speech
of St. Stephen (Acts vil) could only have been
recorded in that way.
Lord Dunraven is really popular in Ireland.
His appointment as Lord Lieutenant of Lim
erick has given great satisfaction to the Irish.
Dunraveu lives for several months of the year
at Adare Manor, his place in Limerick County.
and he is said to be very hospitable and is on
good terms with his tenants.
Franz yon Lenbach, who has just finished
another portrait of the Pope, says that his
Holiness is greatly interested in Prince Bis
marck. He could not hear enough about the
ex-Chancellor from the painter, and ended by
ordering a portrait of him.
Kate Field says that while she was in Eng
land she was asked in good faiih whether the
language taught in the public schools of the
United States was English or American. " 'Oh,
American,' I replied," says Miss Field. " 'Eng.
lish is a dead language. It Is only learned by
university men who go in for classics.' "
Professor James Seth of Brown University,
who has been appointed professor of ethiesi in
the Soge School of Philosophy of Cornell Uni
versity, was born in Edinburgh in 1860. He
was graduated at Edinburgh University in
1881, carryine oft' all the honor in philosophy,
after which he won the Ferguson philosophical
scholarship, which is open to graduates of all
the Scottish universities.
A PRETTY COLLARETTE.
The charming collarette shown here is suit
able for either fall or winter wear, as a sepa
rate w rap or over a plain jacket or cape.
Made of fur or rough cloth with a frill of
silk it is warm and stylish.
Made of tan cloth, with a shaded figure of
black and edged with black chiffon, it is very
chic.
A brilliant green velvet made after this
model was trimmed with Persian lamb fur
along the cage of the collarette. The ruffle
was of velvet, also edged with fur. There was
a soft muff to match, this set being designed
to wear with a black erepon dress for calling.
A charming collarette for theater or opera
wear was made of rose-colored velvet, with a
frill of chiffon to match seam inside the col
lar. Sable tails hung at intervals of three
inches all around the ccllarette, over the ruffle,
which was of velvet.
A plain cloth cape of black may be made
very dressy by adding a top of this sort in
green velvet, making the frill of black chiffon
edged with an inch band of Persian lamb.
A top of royal blue velvet edged with sable
is also suitable over a black, brown or blue
cloth cape.
CURRENT HUMOR.
The cannibal chief stayed his savage follow
ers with a gesture and addressed the fair cap
tive: "Will you not let us know," he said, with
extreme courtesy, "to whom we are indebted
for this collation?"
Sh« bowed her head for the fatal stroke. "My
name," she murmured, "is Trilby."
Oppressed by the dead stillness that fol
lowed she raised her eyes. She was alone.
"And to think," she twittered, "that I might
have lien Bolted!"— New York Express.
Bobbie— Popper, what is a "bachelor" maid?
Mr. Wallace— Kr— why — an old maid with
money, I guess.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Mother of the only baby on earth— Aren't
you going to kiss him, George?
Brother of the mother, etc.— Why not stick a
pin in him? He'll howl just as loml for that
as he would for me kissing him.— lndianapolis
Journal.
A guest at a Boston hotel, while going down
the elevator ; remarked to the colored elevator
man: "I want to go to the wharf where the tea
was thrown overboard."
"Well," said the man, looking mystified,
If you want a sure reiief for «vuns in the back, side, chest, or
limbs, use an
/\IICOCK S Plaster
Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits aad imita-
tions is as good as the genuine.
"you'd better inquire at the office; I reckon
: that was before I came here; I've only been in
Boston about a year."
Daughter— Don't be angry, papa, because
this young man is going to marry me and take
me away from you.
Father— Angry, my darling! Never! But
I'll do him harm if he ever does anything that
causes you to come back to me again.— Wiener
Caricaturer.
"I'm perfectly sure that the Robinsona
change their servants very often."
"What makes you think so?"
"Why, because I've often noticed that their
servants invariably answer the bell the first
time it is rung."— Moonshine.
PERSONAL.
Fletcher Ryer returned yesterday from Mon
terey.
Don A. Pardee of New Orleans arrived here
yesterday.
J. B. Tread well, a merchant of Sacramento,
is in town.
Dr. David Kennedy of Kingston, N. V., is at
the Palace.
Dr. A. L. de Souchet of Los Angeles arrived
here yesterday.
L D. Rub, a merchant of Tuolumno County,
is at" the Cosmopolitan.
Frederic Yates, the artist, expects to visit
San Francisco this year.
L. J. Cornelius, a Riverside orange-grower, la
a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
S. S. Huntley of Yellowstone Park arrived in
the City yesterday. He is at the Lick.
F. T. Alvord, a railroad man of Wadsworth,
Nev.. is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
A. G. Edwards, a merchant of jan Diego, with
his wife is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
H. Y. yon Mark of Germany, who has been
for some time in the Orient, is at the Palace.
O. P. Chisholm, a wealthy resident of Boze
man, Mont., is at tne Grand, accompanied by
his family.
J. B. Fuller, the Bank Commissioner, of
Marysville arrived here yesterday, and is at
the California.
W. G. Aver, a well-known stationer and busi
ness man of Grass Valley is visiting in this
City for a few days.
J. H. Porter of Redding, who has mining in
terests at French Gulch and elsewhere in that
section, is in the City.
George Stevens, a wealthy gentleman of Mo
line, 111., is at the Grand, accompanied by his
family and several friends.
John Garengle of Reading, Pa., is at the Pal
ace. He is accompanied by his wife and son,
Lewis Dauth, Miss Katie Dauth and Ella Ar
nold of Reading.
Among the prominent figures at the Palace
yesterday was ex-Governor Blaisdel of Oak-
land, around whom was gathered for some
time, while the ex-Governor told stories, many
of his old friends and acquaintances.
O. C. Goldsmith, a wealthy business man of
Lafayette, Ind., and friend of T. H. Goodman
of the Southern Pacific, has arrived here, ac
companied by his family and several friends.
He is on a tour, and will see the important
places in California.
The notorious do Toulouse Lutrec, who
claimed to be a Russian count, and was ban
ished som« years ago to Siberia for various
offenses, and who was here not long ago, is now
iv New York. He went from San Francisco to
St. Louis, but in a little while he was con
strained to move on, and he tackled Chicago'
next. But Chicago seems not to have yielded
to his blandishments and he went on to
Gotham. A private letter received yesterday
by a gentleman here from a friend in New
York said the alleged count had been to see
him and had requested certain introductions.
It is needless to say he did not get any.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., March 28.— Annng recent
arrivals are: G. Dexter, Coleman; R. H. Morris,
St. Cloud; H. D. Kendall, Westminster.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Divorces— N. N., City. The law of this State
says that divorces are granted for adultery, ex
treme cruelty, willful desertion, willful
neglect, habitual intemperance and conviction
of felony.
Fractional Currency— Frank, City. The
only 25-cent fractional currency for which a
premium is offered is the one that is known as
"the Fessenden '-5,' on solid bronze." For
such the sum of $2 30 is offered, providing the
bill is new and crisp.
AN Old Paper— C. C. H., Dixon, Cal. The
old paper you mention in your communication
is probably one of a million fac-simiie of a
Pennsylvania paper containing an account of
the death of Washington. Were it a genuine
one it would have a value for those who are
hunting curios, but afac-simile has no value.
Manuscript— Roy, Santa Cruz, Cal. AH
manuscript for compositors' use should be
written only on one side of the paper. If you
desire to retain the friendship of the com
positors write on paper not wider than com
mercial note, but typewritten copy is the.
which is most preferred by readers of manu
script and by the majority of printers.
Leap Year— C. 8., Tracy, Cal. Any of the
hundredth years that cannot be divided by
400 is not a leap year, and as 1900 cannot be
divided by 400 without a remainder the next
leap year will not be until 1904. The Gregor
ian calendar, established in 1582, # then and
ever since known as the new style, was so ar
ranged that of the hundredth years to come,
only 400 years were to be bisextile years hav
ing 3GG days, whereof the year 1000 was the
first.
First Day of thk Week— S., City. Dif
ferent authorities agree that the first day of
the week is Sunday. One authority says:
"The name of Sunday or day of the sun belongs
to the first day of the week on astrological
grounds, and has been so used from far beyond
the Christian era and far outside of Christian
countries." Another authority says: "Sunday
is the first day of the week observed by Chris
tians in honor of the resurrection of Christ as a
day of rest from secular occupation and devoted
to the worship of God."
Expenditures and Results— J. N. S., Van
couver, B. C. If we assume a community in
which all labor can be employed in remunera
tive work then the employment of $1000 worth
of labor to produce only $100 is a loss to the
community. If, however, there is much labor un
employed the expenditure of $1000 to produce
$100 more would be a gain to the community.
The $,1000 paid out in either case would be
neither lost nor gained, but simply transferred
from the pooketof the employer to those of the
workmen and its potency to employ other la
bor would remain undiininished. The wort
done at a mine, in which the sum named has
been expended to produce $100, however,
would begone, and the solution of the problem
depends upon whether in a given community
the men who did the work could have been
more profitably employed or not.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street. *
Califorma glace fruits, 50c lb. TownaenJ's.*
Solid chocolate cream eggs, 2 sc. Townsead'i*
FrKCiAL Information daily to manufftcMrs-'.
business houses and public men by tli« Pra«
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Montgomery- "
"I don't think I want a cyclopedia." said th«
woman of the ho»se, "but if you have got any
nice book for children — "
"Great Scott, madam!" exclaimed the nn
blußhing book agent, "we use this cyclopedia
for a children's book at our house altogether.
They sit on it at the table."— Chicnjo Tribune.
The benefits to be derived from a c™ medicine
In early spring; is undoubted. To purify the blood,
overcome that tired feeling and r l iiia strength
take Hood's Sarsaparilta.
Db. Sjkoert's Angostura Bitter" Is known all
over the world ' as r the great regulator of > the di
gestive organs.
If afflicted with sore eyes use ;' r - Isaac Thotap.
son's Eye Water, liruggists se.i it at 25 cents.BOOKS
AND
BOOKMAKERS
IT is a peculiar fact which has never
been paraded in print that the leading
humorous writers and lecturers of
America started out to make their
living in the world by acquiring a
knowledge of the printer's trade. Some
body may now venture the supposition
that years of familiarity with serious edi
torial copy has had the strange effect of
inspiring the genius of humor. Be that
aa it may, the fact remains that our best
humorists have been printers. Mark
Twain was a printer's devil at thirteen in
Hannibal, Mo., and he worked at the case
for many a year in the Golden West.
Charles Farrar Brown (Artemus Ward)
followed the printer's trade for years,
i'avid K. Locke (Petroleum V. Nasbv)
served an apprenticeship in a printing
office at Cortland, N. Y. Charles B. Lewis
of the Detroit Free Press learned the trade
in Lansing, Mich. George W. Peck ac
quired his Knowledge of the "art preserva
tive" at Whitewater, Wis. Bob Bimlette
knows all about a newspaper office; and it
was probably the regret or Josh Billings
that instead of devoting his boyhood to
farming and his young manhood to auc
tioneering he had not taken a course at j
the case and through the typesetters' tui
tion put the finishing touches on his
humorous bent.
THE AMERICAN IX PARIS.
This biographical novel, by Eugene
Coleman Savidge, is now in its second
edition. It views the Franco-Prussian i
war, the siege of Paris and the commune I
from an American standpoint. Among
the actors in the book are Bismarck,
Moitke, "William of Prussia, Napoleon :
111, Eugenic, Thiers, Favre, Labouchere, j
MacMahon, Bazaine, Grant, Sherman,
Sheridan, Washburne and Zola, and he j
declares them to be the authors of the '
words they speak in his volume. The in- I
cidents of the world-changing struggle ;
between France and Germany, according !
to the author, were selected from the most j
effective records made by various
dramatic observers. Mr. Savidge has I
certainly built up a remarkable
story and clothed incidents of the
long ago with fresh and deep interest
'•from the American point of view." The .
chief character running through the vol- j
ume is Kent, the son of a California mine
owner and ranchman, who has been sent
Bast to college, and then dispatched abroad j
by his father speculatively to sell beef and
. ■■• eto the commissary departments dur
ing the anticipated war between the (it-r
--man and the Frank. By accident, young
Kent becomes attached io the American
legation at Paris, where he seeks, with
enthusiasm, to acquire the diplomatic
talent. He falls in love with one of the
court ladies, and is soon aware that those
charmers of the gentler sex are often the
most valuable diplomatists of royalty.
His career is influenced by Hortense Le
Bianc, in spite of himself. She is i
one of Napoleon's favorites, and an adept !
in the diplomatic art. The incidents which
bring these characters together are alive
with interest, from the first meeting of the
twain at a royal fete in Paris to ttie trag
edy which ends Hortense'? career in the
midst of the commune. From learned
Americans in Paris Kent is made familiar
with much unwritten history. "The Fall
of Richmond," for instance, "presaged
that of Louis Napoleon." He learns that ;
the French throne was tottering and a
European war was imminent because a
Kepublic existed securely in America after 1
THE LARK'S NEW COVER.
m ir 1 AFI iy
m 1 Iw* v /^% r\ r^
I I 1 IJL^ Li \l Xl^
TV F I Ih A D*X" "D • V?7f • & •''. ;'; • \ / • /"^ IT A, ITT C 4
NUMulLix • All •** ■* • V > CiliM 1 3.
- 'THEM /PALLAS TAKEAWAY. THINE OWL
J^ AND LET \JS HAVC , A LARK ?NSTEAD."7^ e //, o '
foreign attempts to undermine it. He
learns that Bonaparte and Lord Palmer
ston had conspired against American
liberties; and that Bismarck had prac
ticed brilliant duplicity on the strength of
the result of the American Civil War.
That result and the emphatic American
protest against French occupation of
Mexico, followed by Maximilian's down
fall, had weakened Napoleon's xirestisre.
Then Bismarck hail tempted Napoleon
iuto changes that would restore the tar
nished prestige. Napoleon listened and
agreed. He remained neutral while
Prussia vanquished Austria and Sadowa;
but Bismarck never fulfilled the promise
to join with France in a division of Eu
rope, and France was suddenly con
fronted by a United Germany. This
was the Dries of American intermed
dling. Bismarck had all the time been
vetting ready for the conflict that was
bound to come when France realized tbe
deception. ''The American Republic
tempted Napoleon into loss of prestige;
that loss of prestige gave Bismarck his
01 portanity to make Sadowa and united
Germany, and that lies at the base of the
war between France and Germany." The
book contains much historical data.
Philadelphia: J. B. Lippincott Company,
publishers. For sale by Joseph A. 11 of
mann; price $I.]
ADVENTURES OF HATIM TAI.
This Persian romance, in its English
version, was originally published s-ixty
rive years ago, but it was i-sued in the
form of a costly folio, buried in great
libraries and scarcely found its way at all
to the general public. It is now brought
out in available shapes in the "Classics
for Children" series, and readers young
and old will be delighted and ed'ried by it.
The story consists of seven connected
tales of the same general character with
those of the "Arabian Nights Entertain
ments." It compares with those master
pieces in exciting interest and imaginative
richness of startling adventures. Hatirn
was an Arabian tribal chief of the latter half
of the sixth century. He is held up to-day as
the embodiment of the Mohammedan
ideal of human excellence. He represents
what man should be according to the
standard of Islam; and in that the four
chief virtues are faith, veracity, kindness
and blind submission to the decrees of fate.
Duncan P^orbes was the translator and
William Rounseville Alger is the editor of
the revised edition. [Boston: Qian it Co.,
publishers. Bound in boards, price 50
cents.]
A WOMAN INTERVENES.
Robert Barr's reputation as a novelist is
enhanced by bis latest production, "A
Woman Intervenes, or the Mistress of the
Mine." Jennie Brewster, who is really as
much of a heroine as the good angel, Edith
Longworth (although the author intended
the latter for a model worthy of example
and Jennie for a character to be execrated),
is employed on a New York newspaper.
She i.-j "a sweet, innocent-looking girl,"
who boasts that she tuts lured state secrets
out of members of the Cabinet, while ordi
nary Senators and Congressmen are her
lawful prey. She had gone to a hotel as
chambermaid in order to write up
her experiences, and had been ar
rested and locked up that she
might write a three-column account for
the Sunday edition of "How Women Are
Treated at Police Headquarters."' Miss
Brewster is detailed by the editor to cross
the ocean in the same steamship with two
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 3IAKCH 29, 1896.
experts, who have with them a confiden
tial report as to some important mines in
Canada. To male reporters on this side of
the water those experts have been impen
etrable. Miss Brewster secures a seat at
table next her intended victims. She fas
cinates Wentworth, the more susceptible
of the two, gets him to talking about him
self and obtains the whole story. The
guileless Wentworth has been led on under
the impression that he was talking to the
daughter of an American millionaire. If
the report i s published before its delivery
in London it means disaster to a big
scheme. Jennie intends sending the story
by cable from Queenstown. Near this
port the ship breaks down, and Miss
Longworth keeps the newspaper woman a
prisoner in her cabin until the boat has
pushed off and it is too late to send the
cablegram. Both young women exhibit
much bravery. It* turns out, of course,
that Edith, although for long unknown
in the premises, is the real "mistress
of the mine." Jennie redeems herself
somewhat by obtaining information while
masquerading as a housemaid for pro
fessional purposes in the villain's house
that saves the mining enterprise from
wreck and ruin. The two experts, botli
heroes, pair off in the end — Edith and the
man she has aided, John Kenyon; Jennie
and the man whose secrets she once un
locked, Wentworth. [New York: Freder
ick A. Stokes & Co. For sale at the Popu
lar Bookstore; price $1 25.J
THE AUTHOR OF "CLEG KELLY."
S. R. Crockett is one of the English au
thors who in the last lew years have writ
ten themselves into popularity. He is a
new light in the literary firmament, and
his few volumes have received praise from
no less capable authority than the Hon.
W. EL Gladstone. His best known works,
perhaps, are "The Lilac Sunbonnet" and
"Bog-Myrtle and Peat," but his most re
cent production, "Cleg Kelly, Arab of the
City, promises to greatly enlarge his cir
cle of admirers. In the new novel the
lights and shadows of curious phases of
Edinburgh life and of Scotch farm and
railroad life are pictured, it is said, with
an intimate sympathy, richness ot humor
and truthful pathos which will make
"Cleg Kelly" welcome to readers every
where. The novel, finely illustrated, has
just been issued by D. Appleton & Co.
"THE CHARLATAN."
Robert T. Buchanan and Henry Murray
have written in collaboration a novel,
"The Charlatan," founded on the drama
of the same name. The story has appeared
serially in the newspapers, and is now re
published for the first time in book form.
The work is intended as an exposure of
humbugs and charlatans, especially those
who use theosophy and hypnotism as the
rallying ground for their imposture. The
book, it«is contended, is not an attack upon
theosophy, nor a satire against hypnotism.
The authors acknowledge indebtedness for
the original idea, and notably for the
sleepwalking incident which figures in
the story, to an unpublished sketch by
Miss Harriet .lay, authoress of "The
t^ueen of Connaught. 1 ' The book cannot
fail to interest. [Sew York: P. Tennyson
Neely, publisher; paper covers, 50 cents.]
A DRAMA OF HUMAN LIFK.
In "The Love Affairs of a Worldly Man"
Maibelle Justice has aimed to present a
drama of human life; time, the present ;
) place, the world; actors, worldly men and
women, with faults and .frailties com
mingled with sincere desires and honest
purposes; plot, not so much to convey a
moral or theory, as to depict how life's
realities differ from ambition's cherished
dreams. There is a nattering, rhetorical
introduction by Richard Henry Bavage.
I New York: F. Tennyson Neely, publisher.
Taper covers, price 50 cents.]
A L'SEf*ll. HANDBOOK.
Messrs. Laird & Lee have just pub
lished a miniature edition of Encyclopedia
Brittanica. It is quite a useful little work
and contains much that is new for so
small a work in history, biography, geog
raphy, philosophy, chronology and sci
ence. The encyclopedia has been thor
oughly Americanized and edited by a
corps of university men. It is illustrated
with twelve full-page and seventy: wo
smaller portraits, six full-page maps keyed
to show points of especial interest in all
parts of the world and a .special frontis
piece. [Leather, full gilt edges and gold
stamped, $1 ; 448 pages, Uimo, library style,
marbled edges, title in silver, 50 cents.
Published by Laird & Lee, Chicago. J
A HIDDEN CHAIN.
The season is almost here for hammocks
and love stories in the rural shades, and
Dora Russell's novel, "A Hidden Chain,"
will suit the sentimental. It is all about
noblemen and beautiful woman, and
society affairs, with a little tragedy thrown
in, and there is not a bit of harm in the
story either. [Chicago: Rand, MeNally
it Co., publishers. Paper covers, price 50
cents.]
SOME REPRESENTATIVE POETS OF
THE NINETEENTH CENTIRY.
This little book forms a syllabus of uni
versity extension lectures by Melville B.
Anderson, who occupies the chair of Eng
lish literature at the Leland Stanford Jr.
University, Palo Alto.
The poets treated of are: Wordsworth,
the poet of nature; Shelley, the idealist of
the revolution and ttie revolutionist of
ideals; Byron, the poet of the political
revolution; Victor Hugo, the poet of hu
manity; Tennyson, the asserrer of law;
Robert Browning, the vindicator of ner
sonal freedom; Emerson, the friend and
aider of those who would live in the
spirit; James Russell Lowell, poet and
patriot; Matthew Arnold, the critic of
life.
To the syllabus is appended a list of
specimen examination questions and bibli
ographic and other hints on each of the
poets mentioned. The book is a gem of
usefulness to university men, as well as to
students of English literature who are
without the walls of a college. [Pub
lished by William Doxey, Market street,
San Francisco. Price 50 cents.]
THE APRIL 31AGAZINES.
St. Nicholas.
St. Nicholas for April is a fine issue
from whichever standpoint it is regarded —
literary, artistic or typographical. It
opens with some account of flying ma
chines by Tudor Jenks, who inclines to
the belief that "all signs seem to show
that many boys and girls now living will
see flying machines traveling through the
air, and some, perhaps, will ride in them,
which, oi course, is quite within the
bounds of possibility, peeing the advanced
stage reached in the experiments of Maxim
and others, a very curious feature of
tli is article is a picture illustrating a
German artist's idea of warfare in
the air, where sturdy Teutons are
shown with wings and manipulating
rifles from aerial points of vantage.
John Vance Cheney has a pretty piece
of verse in St. Nicholas entitled "Cloud
land," which will be read with interest by
his admirers in this City. "Mardie's Ex
perience" is the name of a story dealing
with the ambitions of a country girl to be
come an authoress. Mardie pines for the
larger life of a great city, so she goes to
New York, where her manuscripts, deal
ing of the sayings and doings of dukes,
baronets and duchesses, are persistently
rejected by steely hearted editors. One of
these gentlemen gives Mardie some trood
advice, handing her at the same time a
copy of a book that has made its author
famous. To her infinite surprise the*
would-be authoress discovers the writer to
be her own mother. The story, by Kate
Dickinson Sweetser, is cleverly worked
out, and prettily written.
Other ieatures of this excellent number
include:
"Two Maidens" (verse); "Little Bob Kim
ball" (verse); "The Scissors" (verse); "Teddy
and Carrots": "Clondland" (verse); "A Won
derful Trick" (verse); "Lieutenant Harry";
"The Prize Cup"; "A Puzzling Example";
"Sinbad. Smith & Co."; "How the Whale
Looked Pleasant": "A 'Dare'"; "Stalled at
'Bear Run'"; "The Olympian Games"; "The
bwordmaker's Son," etc.
The Cosmopolitan.
Tbe Cosmopolitan is a well-filled literary
dish served at the modest price of 10 cents.
The opening article, entitled "A Word
About Golf, Golfers and Golf Links in
England and Scotland," by Price Collier,
contains many interesting data on the
sport that is dear to the heart of the Hon.
Arthur James Balfour; "Vicissitudes of
the Dead," by Eleanor Lewis, is an ably
written article on a rather gruesome sub-
ject. Ex-Postmaster-General Thomas L.
James gives a history of tbe development
of the overland mail service in this coun
try.
Miss Beatrice Harraden of "Ships that
Pass in tne Night" fame contributes a
story under the caption, "Hilda Strafford."
Like much of this author's serial work, it
professes to describe life in California, or
at least, t!ie southern portions of the State.
'••An Imperial Pleasure Place" is described
by Isabel F. Haugood, and incidentally
treats of the life of the Emperor and Em
press of Russia.
"Civitas Dei" is the title of some verses
written by Sir Lewis Morris, who was
mentioned prominently in connection with
the laureateship prior to the selection of
Austin.
In The World of Art and Letters Ed
ward S. Martin makes comment on tbe
London Spectator's remark: "That the
Americans should believe that they hate
us, or at any rate should profess to do so,
is a very grievous wound to Englishmen ;
but what is bitter beyond all bearing is
the thought that the Americans not only
do net like us, but do not even know that
we like them." Mr. Martin thinks that
rich Americans have been drawn to imi
tate rich Englishmen; that London has
tbe same attraction for wealthy Americans
as the candle to the moth; and that for
these reasons the American is bound to
disguise, as it were, his natural brotherly
love for his friend across the water.
"And," adds the writer, "the instinct of
self-preservation leads us to pitcn into
thsse intolerable countrymen of ours who
show themselves so irresponsibly overap
preciative of British delights!"
Toward the close of his article Mr. Mar
tin protests the friendship of America for
England in this wise:
But how can the Spectator believe that the
majority of the Americans hate the English?
Don't we descend upon their plensaut island
every su::irner like a swarm of locusts (except
that unlike locust* we pay for what we eat)?
Has any eminent Briton come to these shores
withinhalf a century that we have not stood
on our heads to welcome and entertain? Were
we pruff to the Prince of Wales when he
camel Were we iuliospitaDle to the English
sailors who came to the Columbian cele
hration? Do we refuse to be entertained by
English actors, or to read Knglish books? We
have our Jingoes, but the Spectator knows
Jingoes— it has them at home. Perhaps some
of our Bchooibooks need rewriting; that will
come. Do our young women frown on Eng
lishmen. (iood grncious, good Spectator, we
are not hostile, \vt- are merely coy ; coy becauso
we are conscious of tendencies that require
restraint. Take comfort about us, friend. If
we were half as attractive to you as you nud
your country are to 111 you would "visit us
of tener, and come to know us as we really are.
Some beautiful specimens of half-tone
work bring the contents-list of the Cos
mopolitan to a close.
Srribnor's.
Scribner's opens with a history of the
late Lord Leifhton, by Cosmo Monk
house, which derives additional interest
from the fact that it was already in type
when the new- was received of Sir Freder
ick Leighton's elevation to the peerage at
the beginning of the year; and it was pre
paring for the press when word came oj
his death on January 25. The deceased
Royal Academician himself assisted in
choosing the subjects for illustration. J.
M. Barries novel, "Sentimental Tommy,"
is continued in its serial form. The re
vival of the Olympic carnes at Athens is
admirably treated in an article by Rufus
B. Richardson. Richard Harding Davis
contributes to this issue a short
complete story entitled "Cinderella." The
"History of the Last Quarter Century in
the United States," Professor E. Benjamin
Andrews, is brought down to the events
of the panic year 1893-94. The writer dis
cusses the closing of the mints by the
British Indian Government to tbe free
coinage of silver, and its effect upon the
commercial world both here and in
Europe. The Pullman strike, which crip
pled railroad travel in America, is well
covered, and in a manner particularly in
teresting to citizens of California.
Professor Andrews handles the Southern
Pacific Company in a rather rough-shod
manner, narrating many Instances of how
nstute merchants have contrived to beat
that company and its allied corporation,
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company. Of
the Valley Kdilroad he has this to say:
"The experiment (of a competing road)
was watched with de?p concern owing to
the fear that this young plant, should it j
mature, would go the way of preceding
roads into the clutch of the 'Octopis." j
Though a careful plan was devised to pre- \
vent this, by placing the shares of the new j
corporation in the hands of a trustworthy
trust, acute student" of the movement and
of the events leading to it believed that |
nothing short of a governmental or State
railway system would meet the require
ments of California."'
There are two other important articles
in the April "Scribner's" which are wor
thy of particular mention : one entitled
"The Ethics of Modern Journalism." by
Aline Gorren, and "The Quarrel of the
English-speaking Peoples," by Henry Nor
man, who recently acted in the capacity of
Wabhington correspondent for the Lonuon
Chronicle.
Harper's Monthly.
"Harper's" for April opens "with a con
cluding installment of Louis de Conte's
"Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc."
"The Voice of Authority," by E. A. Alex
ander, is the story of i Nebraska girl's
experience in Paris. Katarina Trask has
a piece of religious verse entitled "A Night
and Morning in Jerusalem." The serious
side of a university man's life is dilated
upon by Henry T. Fowler in a well-written
article tinder the heading, "A Phase of
Modern College Life." The illustrations
of Mr. Fowler's articles show Murray
Hall, at Princeton; Dwight Hall, Yale;
Stiles Hall, at the University of Califor
nia, and Barnes Hall, Cornell, all being
devoted to purposes of a reiigious or seini
religious character.
George W. Smalley discusses the im
portance of Mr. Lowell's residence in
London. He came to that city, Mr.
Smailey thinks, "the man he had been
all his life long— a man of books and of
literature, a thinker, a dreamer, a poet,
alnsost a recluse." He cared not at all for
society, and during the first part of his
life in London "he would hardly accept
an invitation which was not official and,
therefore, compulsory." A great student,
Lowell was not mucn of a judge of char
acter till he discovered that "London
society was * * * a kind of microcosm,
or the whole world in little."
One cause for the interest Lowell aroused
in London was the intensity of his Ameri
canism. About this, Mr. Smalley remarks:
"It was not merely that the flavor of it
was piquant, and that London is ever
eager for new sensations. It was still more
that this trait was so obviously genuine,
and genuineness is a part of character
on which the English set a high value.
There may have been Americans who
thought they could make their way in
London by renouncing their Americanism,
or by disparaging their own country. If
so, they knew nothing of the English
before whom they abased themselves. If
ever Lowell's large charity grew strict, it
was for such as these."
There is much work of real interest in
Mr. Smalley's article, which is probably
the star feature of this month's Harper's.
Other interesting contributions, besides
tbe regular departments, include:
"The Final Word," a poem, by Alfred H.
Louis; "The Voice of Authority," a story, by
E. A. Alexander; "A Spring Flood in Broad
way," a story, by Brander Matthews; "Mad
Anthony Wayne's Victory," by Theodore
Roosevelt; "On Snowslioes to the Barren
Grounds," by Caspar W. Whitney; "Briseis ." a
novel, part V, by William Black; "Lite," a
poem, by Julie It. Ltppmann; "The German
struggle for Liberty," part X, by Poultney
Bigelow; "A Dream," a poem, by Margaret E.
Bangster; "The Missionary Sheriff," a story,
by Octave Thanet.
Lippincott'fi.
The complete novel in the April issue of
Lippincott's is "Flotsam," by Owen Hall.
The scene shifts from England to India
and Australia, following the fortunes of a
heroine who through a severe experience
at sea loses track of her past life, so that
her identity is established only after many
months and much difficulty. "The Vivi
section ist,' by Carolyn Wells, describes
the conduct of a novelist whom no scruples
deter in the search for literary material.
Lieutenant Thomas 11. Wilson, in "Be
tween Reliefs," tells of a not wholly un
rig ntfous revenge. "On the War-Path
with Kit Carson," by William Thomson,
is a true story, and so probably is "Dream
ing Bob," by' Dr. Charles C.Abbott. The
incidents of the first occurred on the Cali
fornia trail in 1850; those of the other
more recently in New Jersey.
"The Drama of One Hundred Acres," by
Calvin Dill Wilson, is an imaginative
sketch of the development of an Ohio
farm. Ellen Duvall, in "An Old Testa
ment Drama," comments on the tale of
Naaman the Syrian. I. J. Wistar, in a
brief article on "Penal Administration in
Pennsylvania," tells what has been done
and what may or should be done in the
way of prison reform. O. L. writes of
"Holy Week in Mexico," and Cleveland
Moffett of "Paris Swindles." K. G. Robin
son recalls the case of "An Expensive
Slave" in Florida, who caused the war of
18:15-39 and the loss of 1500 white live?.
The poetry of the number is by Susie M.
Best, Mary Bradley and Madison Cawein.
An illustrated supplement, by Anne Hol
lingsworth Wharton, treats of "The
Wellingtons in Virginia Life," and tells
much about the early life and legendary
love affairs of the Father of his Country.
The Forum.
The Forum has for its leader this month
a noteworthy paper by .Senator Sherman
entitled "Deficiency of Revenue the Cause
of Our Financial Ills." The Senator con
tends that the President and Secretary
Carlisle mistake the cause of our present
linancial condition in attributing it to the
demand tor gold for United States notes,
and he thinks that the facts which he
submits in his paper will convince
every one that the true financial policy
is to supply the Government with
ample means to meet its current expendi
tures and to pay off each year a portion of
the public debt. He criticizes the Wilson
bill very severely, declares that it has pro
duced a deficiency every hour since its
enactment, and attributes our linancial
ills — especially the continued exports of
gold— solely to its workings. lie say-; that
he prefers a law that will impartially pro
tect and encourage all home industries,
and he considers the McKinlej law inti
j nitely better than the Wilson law. The
i Right Hon. .lames Bryce, M. P., author of
l that most popular ana successful work,
1 "The American Com no on wealth," has
written an article entitled "Two South
African Constitution*" — an elaborate anal
ysis of the systems of government in the
two South African republics— the Trans
vaal and the Orange Free Stnte. Professor
Arthur W. Wright of Yale University,
who lias lately conducted some leniark
ably successful experiments- with the '*X"
rays, writes about "The Cathode Ray — Its
Character and Effects."
BCcClore'a Magazine.
McClure's April number has for frontis
piece an excellent portrait of Professor
Roentgen, whom the German Emperor has
within these few days made a baron for
his marvelous discovery of the cathode
! rays, and the leading article is almost the
j lirst account yet given of Professor Roent
! gen as seen in his own laboratory in the
! actual conduct of his experiments. The
■ new Anthony Hope romance begun in this
number promises to supply the most at
; tractive company of people and the most
enthralling series of adventures that the
fruitful author of "The Prisoner of Zenda"
has yet created. An account of Lincoln's
courtship and marriage based on the tes
i tiniony of intimate friends of his still liv
ing completely disproves a shameful story
! accepted by some of the. best biographers
i that Lincoln once subjected the lady who
afterward became his wife to the unsneak
: able humiliation of absenting himself
; without warning or explanation on an
I occasion appointed for their marriage.
Along witn this is given an account ot a
debate, with passages from a little known
speech of Lincoln's, wherein he had Doug
has for an opponent and completely dis
! comfited him, twenty years before the bis-
I toric debate of 1858. The pictures are
abundant and apposite.
Meehaiis' Monthly.
Meehans' Monthly seasonably has for its
Prang colored plate a representation of the
beautiful blue Kocky Mountain Colum
bine. The columbine history is as inter
esting as the plate. It appears that the
botanical name, aquilegia, is not given as
our botanists teach us, simply from its
resemblance to an eaele, but it commemo
rates the beautiful daughter of Jupiter of
that name who died for the love of Gany
mede's beautiful bird. Treating of bees
and clover, the conclusion is reached that
they are non-essential in the production of
seed. The proper potting of window
plants is prettily illustrated. In a two
column article the history of cotton in our
country and the phases of the cotton in
dustry in the South to-day are discussed.
Over 3,000,000 spindles are running in the
South to-day. Dean Hole, who, like many
foreigners, has recently "booked Amer
ica," gets a snubbing for his enjoyment of
vulgar tastes. Specimen copies are fur
nished gratis by the publishers, Thomas
Meehan it Sons, Germantown (Philadel
phia) Pa.
The Centtiry.
Tlie Century for the coming month is a
richly illustrated number. It contains
many beautiful engravings, the most
notable being those used to illustrate Pro
fessor Sloane's history of Napoleon. Pro
fessor Allan Marquand of Princeton
University contributes an article on the
"Old Olympic Games." This is timely in
view of the forthcoming revival at Athens.
"Four Lincoln Conspiracies" is the title
of an article by Victor Louis Mason of the
War Department which contains a large
amount of new matter relative to the as
sassination of the President.
In "Plain "Words to Californians" an ap
peal is made to public-spirited citizens of
California to support the effort of John
Muir, the Alaska and Sierra explorer,
to procure the recession to the United
States of the Yosemite Valley so that it
may be merged in the Yosemite National
Park, which surrounds it, and which
under military control has regained its
beauty and value as a conservator of the
water supply for agricultural regions in
the San Joaquin Valley.
Following are some others of the notable
articles in the Century for this month:
"Abrocide." byLoui.se Imogen Guiney; "Sir
George Tressady," by Mrs. Humphry Ward;
the ballad of the "Laughing Sally," by Charles
G. D. Roberts; "To-day for Me, To-morrow
Death for You," by Howard Spenver Fiske;
"The Little Bell of Honor," by Gilbert Parker;
"The Mutiny on the Jinny Aikeii," by H.
Phelps Whitmarsh; "Kainy Twilight," by L-
Frank Tooker; "The Churches of Periguex and
Angouleme," by Mrs. behuyler Van Kensse
laer; "Who Are Our Brethren?" by William
Dean Howells; "Japanese War Posters," by D.
P. B. Conkling; "The One Desire," by Frank
Dempster Sherman; "Tho Delights of Art"
(Coquelln as Mascarille, 'The Sick Doctor'), by
J. G. Vibert; "A Wound," by Mary Ainge de
Vere; and the usual departments.
The Philistine.
The contents of the Philistine for
April are as follows: "To a Friend in
Time of Trouble," Louise Imogen Guiney;
"The Gold tt at Glitters," Ouida; "Moods,"
Clinton Scollard; "A Song of Solomon,"
H. C. Bunner; "Afier Dark," Kenneth
Brown; "A Fable," John Bryan of Ohio;
"Thoughts," Charles P. Nettleton ; "The
Passing of Clangingharp,' 1 Frank W.
Noxon; "Death the Doorway," Alexan
der Jeffrey; "Lines," Stephen Crane;
Side Talks.
LITKRARY NOTES.
A popular edition of W. W. Read's "An
nals of Cricket" is in preparation in Lon
don. A limited edition de luxe will ap
pear at the same time.
Henry Baliantine, lately American Con
sul at Bombay, has written and illustrated
a hook on Nepal. It is called "On India's
Frontier; or Nepal, the Gurkha's Myste
rious Land," and is being published in
London by George Redway.
Baron Ferdinand Rothschild, whose
literary tastes are well known, has written
a series of anecdotal sketches relating to
French history. They are being published
by Messrs. Macmillan under the title,
"Personal Characteristics From French
History." Some of the people dealt with
are Jxniis XIV, Louis XI, Francis I,
Mme. de Pompadour, Cardinal Mazarin,
Voltaire, Marie Leczinska and Cardinal
Richelieu.
The coming publications of Messrs.
Routledge include a book entitled "Dr.
Jameson's Uaid: Its Cause and Conse
quences." The volume, which is almost
ready, la written by the Rev. Mr. King,
and is an impartiaraccount of all the cir
cumstances connected with this affair.
"William Black's new novel. "Briseis,"
will be published by Messrs. Sampson Low
about the end of April. Almost immedi
ately the same linn will have ready
R. D. Blackmore's volume of stories,
"Tale 3 From the Telling House." There
are four stories.
Clement Scott, the leading dramatic
critic of the London Daily Telegraph,
wrote his lirst criticism on "Romeo and
Juliet" in IS6S. i?ome of his notable
plays are "Diplomacy," "Off the Line."
"Cape Mail" and "Peril." "TheMidahip
mite" tfi one of his popular songs.
A marole statue to Lord Byron has been
unveiled at Athens, presented to the city
by Mr. Demetrius Stefanovic Schcylizzi.
The suggestion has been made that a
miniature of the work might appropriately
be presented to any one who can pro
nounce the donor's name without sneez-
ing.
With the April number ends the first
book of the Lark. The price of single
copies of the Lark will be hereafter 10
cents. Wings will be added in the form of
an extra cover sheet to contain advertise
ments and announcements, by which
financial aid the Lark may fly another
year. All business letters and orders |
should be addressed to William Doxey,
631 Market street, and personal communi
cations and manuscripts to Gelett Burgess,
508 batter street, JSan Francisco.
Bangs <fc Co., New York auctioneers,
have issued a forty-page catalogue of a
choice lot of original manuscripts and au
tugraph letters of celebrated American au
thors, including what is claimed to be an
unsurpassed series of letters and MSS.
from the pen of Edgar Allan Poe, all
of which will be sold at auction on Satur
day, April 11. It will be interesting to see
whether Americans can be counted en to
pay as liberally for American literary
relica as Britons do for similar treasures of
British origin.
An interesting feature of the April
Ladies' Home Journal is a series of hith
erto unpublished letters from Louisa M.
Alcott to "five little girls" residing in
Pennsylvania. In th«se epistles the
author of "Little Women" is said to have
most delightfully revealed her extraor
dinary nature, She takes her young cor
respondents into her closest confidence,
anu writes them of her work, her re
muneration, her daily life and cares, of the
influences that directed her to literature,
of her spiritual belief and faith, her views
upon immortality, with passing reference
to spiritualism ana kindred topics. They
begin in 1873 and continue at intervals un
til a short time preceding Miss Alcott's
death. One epistle, in which the beloved
author deals at length with religious mat
ters, is of singular interest, as it presents
her view upon the immortality of the soul.
Womankind for April is a creditable
number, containing a great variety of in
teresting matters that will prove enter
taining and instructive to the reader.
As "Lounger," in the New York Critic,
observes, Miss Harriet Man roe must look
upon the World's publication of her
Columbian Ode before the appointed time
with somewhat mixed sentiments. An
ode that can earn for its writer $0000 is an
ode worth writing, and that is just wt at
Miss Munroe's ode has done for her. She
was paid $1000 by the Columbian commit
tee, and now the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals has just ordered the New
York World to pay her $5000 for printing
the ode before it became public property.
,T. Norman Lockyer, the well-known
writer on scientific subjects, has, in con
junction with W. Rutherford, written a
handbook of golf for beginners. It will be
published by the Messrs. Macmillan.
In "A Few Memories," the autobiog
raphy of Mine, de Navarrq, better known
as Miss Mary Anderson, will be included >
portraits byO. F. Watts, G. H. Boughton j
and F. Millet. The Messrs. Harper will
publish the book toward the end of the
month.
According to the Westminster Budget,
Mrs. Craigie has announced her decision
not to write any more stories of the type
of "The Gods, Some Mortals and Lord
Wickenham." Her next novel, "The
Herb Moon," is of a very different stamp,
the heroine being of a noble type of ;
womanhood. A correspondent who has
read the creator part of the story expects
that it will add considerably to Mrs.
Craigie's reputation.
The effects of Paul Verlaine consist of
some papers in a table drawer, a bundle
of MSS in a handbag, another— the work
he was engaged on last- in the portman
teau which was presented to him the day
before he went to London in 1893, half a
dozen clay pipes and a clay cigarette
holder, two pairs of eyeglasses, a hat and
a nightcap.
Matthew Arnold's early poems, "The
Strayed Reveller" and "Empedocles on
Etna,' ; with some other verse by him, are
to be issued in Walter Scott's Canterbury
series.
The announcement is made that the So
ciety of the Philistines has arranged with
Walter Blackburn Harte, the editor and
publisher of the Fly Leaf, Boston, Mass.,
to acquire and incorporate the Fly Leaf
with the Philistine. Under this arrange
ment the services of Mr. Harte will be re
S. R. CROCKETT.
tamed by tne society, and he will hence
forth devote his time and efforts to fur
thering the interests of the Philistine and
the Koycroft Printing Shop. After April
1 Mr. Harte's address will be hast
Aurora, N. Y. All unexpired subscrip
tions to the Fly Leaf will be rilled by the
Philistine.
Tyndall's Alpine book, "Glaciers of the
Alps," which gives a narrative of excur
sions and ascents made by him, is to be
reissued. It has been out of print for
years, and Mrs. Tyndall has written a
preface for the new edition. Messrs. Long
mans, who announce it, also promise Mr.
Lecky's historical work, "Democracy and
Liberty," at an early date.
A curious volume will soon be published
dealing with the cafe concerts, the circuses
and the showmen of Paris. The text is by
Georges d'Esparbes, Andre Ibels, Maurice
Lefevre of the "Chien Noir" aDd Georges
Montorgueil, all of them writers who are
known as specialists on the subject. The
book will contain a number of illustrations
by H. G. Ibels.
Max Pemberton'B diary of a valet, which
he now entitles "A Gentleman's Gentle
man," will be issued at once by Messrs.
Innes.
It appears that Saint Thomas d'Aquinas
was an anti-Semite. Such, at any rate, ia
the contention of the Abbe Gayraud, who
i« about to publish a volume in support of
his views: "L'Antisemitisme de Saint
Thomas d'Aquin."
The Roycroft Printing Shop announces
a sister book to the "Song of Songs,"
which is Solomon's. It is the "Journal of
Koheleth," being a reprint of the Book of
Ecclesiastes with an essay by Elbert Hub
oard. The same Romaneaque types are
used that served so well in the songs, but
the initials, colophon and rubricated bor
ders are special designs.
W ' T(P»PAT: .
MONEY
SAVING
PRICES
Money-Saving Dishes.
5c MONEY SAVERS.
Lunch Buckets, Coffee Pots, Cream Pitchers,
Oatmeal Bowls, Cuatara Cups, Spooners,
Plates, Dairy Pans, Hand Basins, 00 each
or 6 10 r 25c.
lOc MONEY SAVERS.
Berry Dishes, Milk Pails, Meat Dish, Dish Pans,
Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dish, Salad Dish,
10c each or 3 for 25c.
TEA SETS.
44 Pieces complete for 12 Persona
*■ * Pure White, Delicate Blue. Brown sad
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, Per set
2 .25, 2 50 ' 2 <Bs ' 3- 00 - 3 <75 « 4- 15
DINNER SETS.
Ov Pieces complete for 6 Persons
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, Per set
3.65, 4.25, 4.85, GJ.OO, 5-85, £.50
DINNER SETS.
100 Pieces complete for 12 Persons
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, Per set
5.50, £.50, 7.20, g.OO, Q. 50, J Q. 50
Great AmericaD Importing Tea Co. 's
1344 Market St.. S. P.
i^^- 965 Market St., S. F.
j£3i\^atj 140 Sixth st., S. F.
E3Hm Kp 617 Kearny St., 5. F.
WS^^^ 1419 Polk St., 5. F.
521 Montgomery aye., S. P.
■■miri/ 333 Hayes St., S. F.
iTiunu I 218 Third st s F
m iiiniA 2008 Pillmore St., S. P.
SuVlNli 2510 .Mission St., S. F.
V«» HIM 3006 Sixteenth at., S. P.
ATAnrA 104 Second St., S. P.
STORES ' 3259 Mission st., S. F.
I UllkW ■ 52 Market st< s.F.
.■■^^•^■g=r--~-V 017 Broadway, Oakland.
gZML&SBS* 1053 Washington St., Oak'd.
IG&ISBBBV t3l San Pablo aye., Oakl'd.
W£ruprm^ 616 K. Twelfth st., Oakland.
1355 Park St., Alameda.
TRY OUR
IWoney-Savinsr Prices) Ifii i i n
"AT OUR }■ IIHIn In
Money-Saving Stores) * y v . Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
HO SPECIAL DAY.
T^KRiIANKNTLY itEMOVES SLPEKKLI OUB
X hair by electricity, at $1 a sitting: lirst Hitting
free: no gears left; moles, warts, etc., also n-
2122
THE most graceful and comforting
dramatic announcement made
this season is that the Columbia
Theater has engaged Elenora Du?e
for part of June. She is a marvel
ous artist, this sad, homely, unpretentious
Italian, whose art Has grown to a great
extent out of her disappointed life. Duse
was an idol for years in Italy before the
rest of the world discovered her, and by
the time that universal fame began to
become hers, she was ready to say, "This
also is vanity." Behind the scenes her
life had been as great a failure as her stage
career had been a success. From' her very
Buffering, However, much of Duse's mar
velous art springs; she has learned to de
spise the pomps and vanities and shams of
the world, and as a conseqence has flung
aside posing and artistic bravado. So
natural does she dare to be that as you
watch her you are reminded of your own
observation of every-day life. And how
many mummers are there who give you
this impression? It is hard to remember
one, except Duse. Paul Schenther, a great
German critic, says of the Italian actress:
"A human being! That is the final im
pression of almost every one of Duse's
performances." The probability is that
after seeing Duse, this City will experience
a revulsion of feeling against the stilted,
declamatory ladies and gentlemen who
are too often put forward as "exponents
of the legitimate drama."
A "turn" entirely new to the vaudeville
business has been introduced at Grover's
Alcazar. It is called "Passing Events,"
and consists of an illustrated lecture on
the most thrilling event of the week. The
Abyssinians lirst held the stage, but as
they were found to be too remote to arouse
much intere-t, these dusky warriors were
withdrawn to make way for representa
tions of Dr. Brown, Mrs. Davidson, Miss
Overman et al. A gentleman, who had
evidently studied the pulpit style of ora
tory, accompanies the pictures with didac
tic remarks, and at the opening perform
ance the public do not seem quite :o know
whether the address was to be listened to
with respect as a moral lec.ure, or was to
be derided as a piece of buffoonery. As
the gentleman progressed with his re
marks, however, the audience evidently
decided that the pictures were being shown
more to adorn a tale than to point a moral,
and some of the views were greeted with
loud hisses, while others called forth un
qualified applause.
The Orphpum has a very remarkable
ventriloquist in Se_ommer. It is a pity
that he considers it necessary to season
the first part of his performance with
horse-play, for the skillful manner in
which he endows his stageful of marion
ettes with speech is enough of itself to win
him the admiration of the gallery boys.
Baldwin Theater.
The old California favorite. James
O'Neill, will open a two weeks' season at
the Baldwin Theater to-morrow night.
His career ha 3 been a long and interesting
one. Years ago, when he appear, din
"The Passion Play" in this City, heat once
jumped into National fame and was one of
the most discussed and abused actors of
the period. His long reoord with "Monte
Cristo'' followed; in vain did O'Neill try to
produce other plays, such as the "Dead
Heart," "Tne Envoy," etc. ; their success
was only mediocre and ' -Monte Cristo"
continued to he his mascot. At last
O'Neill resolved to return to tragedy,
which had been his lirst ambition, and ne
produced "Virginias" with marked suc
cess.
Tbe play winch Mr. O'Neill produces
under its original title of "The Courier of
Lyons" has been acted successfully by
Henry Irving for many seasons under the
name of "The Lyons Mail." Dubose, the
villain, and Lesurques, the honest mer
chant, are the two central characters. A
fatal resemblance exists between Dubose
and Lesurques, and the latter is accused of
a murder which the former committed.
The fact that Mr. O'Neill plays both char
acters necessitates his presence on the
stage during most of the performance.
The supporting company includes Florence
Rockwell, Kate Fletcher, Josephine Foy,
Marie Floyd. Halle tt Thompson. William
Paaooe, John F. de uez. W. J. Dixon, F.
G. Lingham, Thomas McLarney, Percy
Cooke, Herbert Fortier and Ralph Lan^.
The repertoire for the first week has been
arranged as follows: Monday night, which
it* to be souvenir night, "Monte Oristo"
•will be presented; Tuesday, "Vir<:inius";
Wednesday, M Th« Courier of Lyons"';
Thursday, "Monte Cristo"; Friday,
"Hamlet"; Saturday matinee, "Vir
ginias"; Saturday and Sunday nights,
"Monte Cristo."
California Theater.
The last week of the Milton Royle Com
pany at the California, which opens to
morrow night, will be devot'd to a revival
of the comedy-drama, "Friends." T..e
play, which was Edwin Milton Royle's
first success, will be produced by the per
formers who have been producing "Cap
tain Impudence."
The part of Adrian Karje, the pianist in
"Friends," will be played by Lucius Hen
derson, a favorite pupil of Joseffv, who
recently appeared with success upon the
concert stage in New York. He bad the
advantage of studying with the great
Josefly while that eccentric genius was
obstinately remaining in retir?ment in
order to work ten hours a day at the
piano. Once a week Joseffy took an ad
vanced class at the National Conservatory,
and Lucius Henderson had the rare ad- j
vantage of being one of its members.
"Friends" at the California Theater will |
be followed by Peter P. Dailey in his farce
comedy, "The ■: Night Cierk," which was,
written especially lor him by John F. Me-
Nally. Fine ;-owns and pretty girls are
cited as b ing tbe chief attractions of the
production. . ■
Columbia Theater.
The second and last week of "Sinbad"
opens at the Columbia Theater to-morrow
Dight. The production has proved a de
cided success, in suite of the absence of
several familiar names Irom the cast, for
THE
THEATRES
it has been found that the new-come: s
were folly equal to the requirements of
their roles. The book of ''Sinbad" has
been revised and brought up to date, ami
the costumes and scenery are as new and
gorgeous as ever.
On the 6th of April "Pudd'nbead Wil
son" will make its lirst San Francisco ap
pearance at the Columbia Theater. The
play is a dramatization by Frank Mayo of
Mark Twain's story, rmd it possesses
special interest from the fact that Mayo
first gained fame as an actor in California,
while Mark Twain is also identified with
tne State. "Pudd'nhead Wilson" was
first produced, less than a year ago, at the
Herald-square Theater, New \ork, and
proved an immediate success. In the com
ing production Mayo will play the title
role, supported by the same cast.
Grand Opera-Houge.
A French melodrama adapted from the
original of Foumier & Meyer by the clever
author-actor Louis Imhaus will be the at
traction for the week at the Grand. The
work is called "The Red Pocketbook" and
is said to abound in interesting situations
and clever dialogue. The story takes the
audience back to the days of the fifteenth
Louis of France, with ail its artificiality o:
court life, gorgeous costumes and artistic
accessories, so that the plot might lack
none of the interest which it is said to pos
sess and still prove attractive from a his
torical and spectacular standpoint.
The cust is a very large one, some fifty
odd people being encage.l in the produc
tion, half of whom have speaking parts.
Miss Minna Ferry, a recent debutante at
the Columbia, is" to appear in "The Reii
Pocketbook." Among the mechanical ei
facts announced are a novel ship scene, a
storm with new electrical accompaniments,
a desert scene with a moving caravan and
other touches of realism. The famous
'Monkey Men," Paine and Garbatt, have
been expressly engaged to appear as t«vo
orang-outangs.
Grover'i Alcazar.
The olio at Grover's Alcazar this week
will include new songs, dances and mis
cellaneous acts. Lorraine and Hollis, a
team from the London music ha ls, will
appear with their celebrated dogs, Grip
and Jo-Jo. These animals are said to be
anions the most accomplished canines in
the theatrical profession.
The drama. "The Homestead," will be
produced at the Alcazar tins week and will
! bring back tlie entire dramatic strength ol
the company, including Leonard Grover
Jr.. Fanny Young, etc.
The pictures displayed in "Passing
Events'' include illustrations of the
Brown-Davidson trial, and comprise Rev.
<'. i». Brown, Mrs. Davidson, Mattie Over
man, Mrs. Stockton ami Mrs. Cooper.
There are daily matinees at the Alcazar.
Tlvoli Opcrs-Home.
Richard Stahls romantic opera, "Said
Pasha," will be continued all this week at
the Tivoli Opera-House owing to the favor
with which it has been nightly received.
Ferris Hartman, John J. Rafiael. W. H.
West, Fred Kavanagh, Martin Pache,
Francis Powers, Arthur Boyce, Kete
Marchi, Fannie Ldddiard, Carrie Roma
and Anna Schnabel will continue to por
tray the leading role-.
The next production will be the first
presentation of the new spectacular bur
lesque, "Blue Beard," on Monday, April 6.
LUCICB HENDERSON JN "FRIENDS" AT THE CALIFORNIA.
Miss Gertrude Aylward, Gilbert and Gol
die, Thomas C. Leary, Mile. Adele Vercei
les?<i and S;g. di Fitfppi will be added to
the present company. New ballets, spe
cialties, costumes and scenery will all gar
nish the production.
At the Orpheum.
The bill at the Orpheum last week was
one of the best that has been presented at
that abode of vaudeville for a long time,
and most of its attractions will rr main for
the coming week. Segommer. the ventril
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH «9, 1896.
oquist, will continue to give his imitations
of men and animals. The Nawns, Bruet
and Riviere, Wells and Collins, the Cortys,
the Pantzers, the Kins Sers, Alburtus and
Barham and Gertie Carlisle will also be re
tained.
To-morrow night the three Marvelles will
be added to the list of artists named above.
They are acrobatic comedians and panto
mimic grotesques from the Folies Ber
geres, Paris.
New Auditorium.
Richards & Pringle's Georgia Minstrels
will open at the Auditorium to-night and
will remain there for a week. The organi
zation gives performances on the lines that
made minstrelsy popular years ago. The
performers are colored, and render the old
plantation melodies and dances as only
the colored people can render them.
Billy Kersands is still at the head of the
list of artists, and it is said that the or
ganization will bring a number of songs
and specialties in which it has not been
heard here before. The noonday parade !
and free evening concert are to be a fea- j
ture of the Richards & Pringle's Georgia
Minstrels this season.
Macdonoujjh Theater.
Anna Eva Fay, "the Fair Mahatma,"
opens a four days' season at the Macdon- j
ough Theater to-morrow night Consider- I
able interest is said to have been shown
by the public of Oakland in the engage
ment.
The following Monday Hoyt's "A Milk
White Flag" plays at the "Macdonough,
and "Sinbad"' is among the succeeding
bookings.
Coming Concerts.
The second concert of the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra and the San Fran
cisco Oratorio Society will take place next
Tuesday in Metropolitan Temple. Gou
nod's oratorio of "The Redemption" will
be given for the first time in this City with
full orchestral accompaniment. James
Hamilton Howe will be the conductor and
the soloists will be as follows: Mme. Yda
de Seminario, soprano ; Mrs. John D. Sibly,
soprano; Miss Ivy Gardner, contralto; Ed
ward D. Crandall. tenor: George Mcßride,
basso; RoDert Duncan, basso; Henry
Bretherick, organist; James Hamilton
Howe, conductor; Bernhaid Mollenhauer,
concert-master.
The great Mormon Tabernacle choir will
five a series of concerts at Metropolitan
emple, beginning April 15.
A grand farewell concert will be ten-
James O'Neill in the Dual Role of Lesurques and Dubose in the "Courier of Lyons" at the Baldwin.
dered to S. Homer Henley at Native Sons'
I Hall on April 7. It is Mr. Henley's inten
tion to go East after the concert.
Mansfield* Friends.
Truly Mr. Mansfield suffers more from
his friends than hia enemies. Here is a
line sample of the kind of rubbish that is
! written occasionally about him and ac
! cepted by some as hne writing: "Ground
i lings disturb him, upstarts offend all na
| ture for Mansfield, and incompetents coax
j him perilously near the murderous turn.
His brain, his nature are bo large, so
spirited, so exalted, that it is not the huge
oppositions or tragedies of life that enrage
him, but the witless, contemptible things
which stick pins into his pulsing horizon
of achievement and blot the glow of exist
ence for him."
"To stick pins" into Mr. Mansfield's
"pulsing horizon" is a flight of fancy on
the part of his admirers which deserves to
be recorded side by side with the best
things ever written by Josh Billings or
Mark Twain. It would be very difficult to
invent a metaphor in which the sublime
and the ridiculous are in closer contact.
Some of Mr. Mansfield's friends, like
some of his speeches, should be sup
pressed. They are a positive detriment to
him.
WANTS A CONSERVATORY.
| How Bernhardt Was Startled on Her
First Appearance in America.
Sarah Bernhardt has written to the New
York World pleading for a National
' American conservatory. This is how
i Sarah puts her case :
"I am making my fourth tonr in Amer
ica. The extraordinary progress of this
public has astounded me.
"When I came here first, some sixteen
' years ago, I made my debut as Adrienne.
! At the end of a few minutes I was discon
! certed and alarmed by a strange noise.
Five minutes later the same noise dis-
t urbed me. It sounded like the dull and
muffled hissing of a multitude. I heard
i the sound a third time, and at last I
understood what had been troubling me.
The ladies in the house had all come
armed with copies of the play, and as they
! turned the leaves they made the rustling
1 sound which seemed so terrible.
"On the occasion of my second visit to
! this country, some ten years aeo, aboat
' half the women in my audiences began to
' dispense with books.
"When, lor the third time, I appeared
i here, at most ten or fifteen of them had
brought copies of the play with them ; and
I this year not one woman — not a single
; one— had any need of books. This seems
: to me no less remarkable than admirable.
"I have t>ern taxed with being very nar
-1 tial to America. I see no reason to* deny
i that I air. heartily in sympathy with thfs
i free, vigorous, vibrant j eople, which is
!so quick to welcome new inventions.
science, art and genius, irrespective of
their origin.
"Yes; I ndore this country, in which
i woman reigns and reigns so absolutely.
i She comes and goes. She orders, wills,
exacts, instructs, spends money recklessly i
and irivt's no thank?. This shocks tome
people, hut it only charms me. What is
more idle than a 'thank you?' As if one I
were not thanked enough by the mere
pleasure that one gets in doing service to
a woman !
"Ah, American women are fortunate!
"A very i retry woman whom I met here
in society — she was renowned not only for |
her beauty, but al-o for her wit and ;iter- j
ary gifts — once broke out with this icrr.ark:
"'But, Mme. Bombard*, we think we are
too much ' respected. Our husbands work
incessantly, from morning till night.'
"Trie intelligence of your worn on lias as- |
serted itself in a surprising way. Your i
women know a great deal, and what they j
do Know they know thoroughly. They !
are less superficial than we are; and, |
though they discuss dress so much, they
dream of serious things. Many of them
are journalists or doctors. And. unlike
our own viragoes, who shriek for women's j
rights until they make themselves ab
horred, they contrive withal to be true I
women.
"1 regret that you have no conservatory
here ( as yet. Many of your men and i
women only need a little training to be- j
come good artists. If you had a conserva
tory in America there would be no room
here for foreign companies, and some of
your young actresses woul i soon develop
into 'stars' of the first magnitude.
•_ "Nearly all of them are pretty and attract
ive. Their tendency to overact might
easily be cured. A little training, with
their natural grace and love of the esthetic
to help it, would enrich America with the I
best artists in the world. 1
'•How is it that there are not a few rich, '
influential people here to found a con-
Be; vatory ? i
"I do not know if I shall ever come back .
to America, but if I do I most devoutly i
hope my dream will have been realized.
"In the name of your young artists i cry
out for a 'A conservatory, a conservatory 1'
"I make this appeal for the sake of the
American stage, which should and could
support itself. I make it on behalf of
American literature and of American
authors, some of whom, despite their real
and striking talent, cannot now get their
plays interpreted. I make it, lastly, in the
name of this public, which is longing
to applaud its own artists and its own
i writers. Sabah Beknhakdt."
Dramatic Brevities.
Richard Manstield follows James O'Neill
at the Baldwin Theater.
Henry Dixey's new company will ap
pear in New York in the latter part of
May.
"Miss Helyett," which failed so signally
in th« United States, is still being played
with profit in France.
The local Italian papers are full of re
joicing at the prospect of having Elenora
Duse at the Columbia Theater.
The London newspapers are filled with
talk about the beautiful gowns which Mrs.
Langtry wears in "Gossip." Probably
they are the only things worth talking
about in her performance. Such is dra
matic art as illustrated a la Langtry.
Kathryn Kidder and Augustas Cook are
to continue in "Mrae. Sana Gene" next
season. The tour will begin August 31, in
San Francisco.
Herbert Kelcey denies he will star jointly
with Georgia Cayvan next season. He is
looking for a play in which to star alone.
May he speedily find it.
Gunter's new novel, "Her Senator," is
now to be dramatized. Notwithstanding
the similarity in title the name is not an
infringement on "The Senator," Sidney
Ro:!enfeld ; s play.
Chevalier's face is large, severe in ex
pression, with an ample clerical chin and
an eye that almost compel* the ejacula
tion "Your Reverence." You catch your
self wondering which is going to prevail —
A BEVY OF "S 'N BAD" BEAUTIES.
Hoyt's big Australian company, which
is to present "A Trip to Chinatown" in
he land of he kangaroo, will appear
at t hr California forone week, next month,
previous to its departure.':
In spite of severe ciiiici snis on the open
ing night 'Bohemia" is proving the hit
)f Charles Froh man's season at the Em
pire, it will be made the feature of the
xmipany's repertoire on lour.
Frank L. Ferley has secured from De
Coven and Smith the exclusive right to
"Rob Hoy" for Great Britain. Ho is nego
:i n'ing to take the Bostonians to England
in l he piece a year from now. .
Fordiek of Cincinnati has introduced a
;»ill in the Ohio Legislature making it a
misdemeanor to ■wear a hat in a theater
sv hi!e witnessing a performance. The bill
provides a penalty of Jroru $2 to $10 line.
Charles Frohman has purchased the
stage rights in Hopkinaon Smith's story,
"Tom Googan," which has been running
very succes slully in the Century magazine.
Augustus Thomas will go to work imme
diately upon the dramatization of the
story.
Ten or fifteen years ago the United
States seemed anxious to welcome any
thing bearing the seal of Gilbert and Sulli
van, but now all is apparently changed.
Perhaps the development of the De An
gelis, Hopper, Seabrook and Wilson school
has something to do with it.
the coster's broad and joyous grin and
wondrous accent or the ecclesiastic's
severity when the face shall relax.
A Kocntgen Komeo-
'Wherefore art thou, Borneo?"— The Sketch.
SURFEIT OF SWEET SOUND
Edgar Kelley Tells of All the
Musical Happenings in
Gotham.
The Press Cries for Wagner and More
Wagner— Damrosch's German
Operas.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 21.— 1n ad
dition to the operatic season, which in
itself is sufficient to occupy the attention
of the musical portion of the population
of New York, there is a constantly swell-
ing flood of orchestral, chamber, vocal
and other concerts. At present the inun
dation is such that the wonder is that the
city is not quite submerged.
Not only is there a weekly symphony
matinee and concert given alternately by
the Philharmonic Society, under Anton
Seidl, and the Symphony Society, with
Walter Damrosch as leader, but every four
weeks the Boston Symphony Orches
tr.". play at the Metropolitan Opera-house.
And now comes Theodore Thomas with
his Chicago orchestra, booked for a # series
of seven performances, also at the Metro
politan. An idea oi the labors of the
orchestral musicians during these
especially trying times may be obtained
from tne fact that the gentlemen of tiie
Damrosch Opera Company during the
Txist forty-eight hours nave given two
symphony concerts and two heavy operas.
1 Ins evening there are two orchestral con
certs >:oing on, at the Metropolitan and
Carnegie Hall, under the direction of
Thomas and Damrosch respectively. As
it was impossible to get a iair idea of both,
I compromised by attending neither, a
negative procedure for which a tine per
formance of "Die Goetterdaemmerung"
this afternoon peculiarly fitted me.
"Tannhaustr," "Lohengrin" and "Siez
fried" have been repented this week and
"Der Freischutz" was given a first and
only hearing last evening. It used to be a
standing joke in Munichth.it if any opera
was "postponed on ac< ourrt of the indis
position of Filn.lhis or Herr That' tiie
manager always shoved in "Der Frei
schutz," for it always "went by itself."
This merely serves to show what an old
standby and universal favorite this truly
beautiful opera has been ever since its tirst
appearance in Germany. The greatest art
ists have sung in it and yet we find that as
a n-?ult of theory of the local press for more
Wagner and more Wagner, not only
the old Italian operas are, for the most
part, ue ervedly done away with, but the
works oi masters like Beethoven, Weber
and Schumann are severely criticized or
even ridiculed.
Those wt.o went to the Academy last
evening with the expectation of listening
to a good prediction of Weber's master- I
piece most have been sadly disappointed,
for it was rendered as though it hud never j
been rehearsed. Indeed, between the acts I
the prima donna was heard practicing her
scales, etc., behind the curtain. The ring
ing and acting of Herr Fischer as Caspar
was excellent, as it always is, but the rest
of the cast were not at ail equal to their re- ;
spect.ve tasks, or if they were the indiffer
ence shown was unpardonable. Herr •
Lohse, w..0 conducted, brought out the
effects of the wonderful orchestral score in !
such a manner as to make one wish that
he had as good a band of artists on the j
sta"e.
Walter Damrosch distinguished himself,
this afternno'i by his contracting of Wag- j
ner's crowning "triumph and the virtual]
culmination of his carerr as a composer — j
"The Waning of the Gods," as a friend I
aptly renders "Die Goeiterdaemmerung."
It would be difficult to conceive a more '
dramatic rendering of the part of Brnen- i
hilde than that of Frau Klatskv. The
work of this remarkable woman grows on
one the more she is seen and heard. By
the time she leaves (therj is to be an addi- '
tional week, in which she appears once ',
more as Isolde) there wiil be a sense of j
dcet> regret in the hearts of hundreds of |
well-earned friends.
Alvary as Siegfried was new to me in
fchifl work. What has been said of him as j
Siegfried in the drama of that name ap
plies to him equally in this. He seems as
if made to order f^r the part. If the cer
tainty of his intonation and the evenness
of his phrasing were only equal to the nat
ural beauty of his voice nothing would re
main to be longed for, as his personal
appearance and acting are ideal. Fischer
was the same reliable Hagen as when he
first pave ttie drink of forgetfulness to j
Siegfried at the Metropolitan in 1888.
fraulein Eibenschutz made a sweet Gu
trune and the King Gunther of William
Mertens is the be>t work he has done yet.
The Rhinedar.ehters and the choruses I
were very effective. The scenery, as in all j
productions of this work In America, left a |
great deal to be wished for.
Thursday evening, the 19th inst., I had
the pleasure of listening to a most uniaue
en-teriaiiinient given at Carnegie Hall "by
the Musical Art Society of this city.
This organization consists wholly of vocal
soloists, chiefly church singers, for the
purpose of rendering the works of the
earlier church composers and other choral
compositions which are rarely ueard in
the ordinary concerts, owing to their
diliiculty.
So great is the expense involved (the
chorus numbers hfiy-two high-priced
artists) that but two concerts a year are
possible.
On this occasion compositions by Palev
trina, Lot!i, Felice Anerio and an "Ancient
Eastern Hymn," wonderfully harmonized
by Liszt, iornied the first portion of the
programme. The absolute fidelity to the
pitch observed by all, even throughout
the longest numbers unaccompanied
without falling a shade of a tone, was
astonishing and would be impossible ex
cept with just such a band of vocal vir
tuosi.
Still more trying in a way was the last
part of the programme when Frank Dam
rosch the director, led them through all
the harmonic tortuosities of an eight-part
song, by Peter Cornelius. Here, too, the
encore allowed no falling from the original
key. The quality of tone throughout was
exquisite aud the shading ideal. I could
not repress the desire to hear some time
somewhere, the works of Wagner sung
with such truth of intonation and with
such lovely tone color.
Edgar Stillman Kellky.
NEW TO-PAT:
Druggists Testily to the Suc-
cess of His Improved
Homeopathic Remedies.
FACTS THAT CANNOT BE DENIED.
The Sale of Mnnyon's Remedies Exceeds
That of AH Other Medicines. ,
Popular With the People Became They
Furnish a Remedy for Every Disease,
Cure Promptly and Permanently and
Are Only 25 Cents a Bottle.
Professor J. M. Munyon— Dear Sir: "We
take pleasure in informing you that tha
sale of your preparations has quite sur-
passed our expectations, and congratulate
you on the signal success attending your
enterprise. Yours truly,
L ANGLE Y, MICHAELS A CO.,
San Francisco.
Our sales of Munyon's goods the past
twenty days have been .more than the
combined "sales of other homeopathic
coods for twelve months.
THE OWL DRUG CO.,
1128 Market street,
San Francisco.
The sale of Munyon's goods is enormous.
We have been unable to keep up with the
demand. Sales of Munvon's goods have
been way ahead of all other patent medi-
cines.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 Market street,
San Francisco.
We consider Munyon's Remedies the
best selling goods in the drug market to-
day. We have had an enormous sale and
it is steadily increasing.
G. L. CARROLL & CO.,
Corner Stockton and Market,
San Francisco.
Munvon's Rheumatism Cure never fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c. - #
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
[ cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
i ach troubles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneu-
monia "and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
j Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
I night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
■ heals the lunsrs. Price 25c.
Munyon' 3 Kidney Cure speedily curei
I pains in the back, loins or groins and all
i forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness
and builds up the system. 25c.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh,
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heai tha
parts. ■'■•'■
Munyon's Asthma Cure . and Herbs re-
lieve asthma in three minutes and cure in
five days. Pries, 50c each.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blooa Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
A separate cure for <>ach disease. At all
druggists. 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Professor Munyoa,
1505 Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., an-
swered with free medical advice for any
disease.
i The San Francisco |j
22 Geary St., Neap Kearny, 1
| Respectfully announce the H
H arrival of almost their entire ja
j« importation of •
| Black Wool and Mohair Grepons. 1
I Black Mohair Brocades. 1
1 Black Sicilians and Lusters. |
| Black Silk and Wool Fignres. 0
9 Black Satin Dnchesse.
■ Black Silk and Satin Brocades. 3
?• Our stock Is composed ex- L
Eg cluslvely of Black Fabrics, j
j* embracing the largest collec- E3
M tlon shown In San Francisco. I
B Examine the values we offer a
I before purchasing: elsewhere, la
Put tins on —^ 000 mm
Xo\xt Ijisj:. : — ->
\h\ \ "
/\rA&\£flm.,or\, Jvrtkk-, 3$
Th£IAT£ST/40V^Y
v m r/? • • «l\ ■ *
j /. , » • » » # •
/^W/W<\\k kr*
818-820 MARKET 5T
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHAKLKS H. PHILLIPS, ATTOBNET-A*
\J law and Notary Public, 6SS Market St., oppo
•it« Palace Hotel. Residence. 1620 Fell •'-. : «1»
ptaone 678. Ke»idenc« i#l«pr.--'n«. "fins i!6tl."The Oakland Harbor
Lights
THE history of the Oakland bai*
bor ligbts is iong and discon
nected. Just when the first bea
con was placed at. the entrance to
the creek is a matter of which
there is no record, but it is supposed to
have been done by some of the whale-
Ferrymen early in the '50s. About
ild boatmen say. there was a IL-hi
■ c end of the then newly dn
channel. It remained in service for a
many years and was lighted with
comparative regularity, but who paid for
mystery. It didn't amount to much,
■nly a pole stuck in the mud, to the
which an ordinary railroad lantern
battled by a cord. But it answered
every purpose, as it remained alight in
calm weather, and no vessel ever at
tempted to go near the locality when the
water was rough.
It was not until I?7*j that any systematic
v as done toward maintaining lights
for Oakland harbor. By this time the nar-
Qge railroad was being constructed,
tannel had been deepened and there
was a rtoal ferry line in operation. The
railroad company put in two lights on
•ppbaite sides of the channel, but they
were shifted around for a number of years
according to the way work progressed on
the jetties. When the north jetty had
reached its present stage of completion a
lighthouse was built on a rock that lav a
few hundred feet in front of it. and a red
Btakelight was located an eighth of a mile
back i:i the channel. The Government
• i some of the money for their main
tenance, hut they wore in charge of the
id company, who furnished the
keeper and paid for all materials.
In 1889 the Government took full charge
of the lights and arranged them. It waa
t hat the red light in the channel was
bat confusing, as it lay in line with
other lights further in the harbor. It was
ntinued ana the present light in front
of the sooth jetty established. The large
white light on the rock in front of the
jetty was-changed only a few yards
stward of iis present position. * This
was done as it was intended as a teru
-. rary structure, and it was much easier
to drive piles in mud than to anchor them
to the rock. It is the intention of the
Government to extend the jetties about
THE NORTH JETTY LIGHT.
\ Fro ui a sketch made at low tide.]
feet further intn the bay and to erect
went stone lighthouses on the ends
: . take place of those now in existence.
< oirgrett has already authorized the work
done, but it wi'jl also have to appro
priate money for the purpose. An effort
is being made to have the work put in
La known as a '"contract." That is,
to have Co&gtess make a permanent ap
propriation of a certain of money to
be drawn each year until the work is fin
ished. Should this succeed there is some
possibility of the work being proceeded
w.fii during the next decade.
The present lights were first lighted in
January, 1890. The one known as north
C- McCarthy, Keeper of the Lights.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
jetty light is of the most importance and
is really as extensive as the Goat Island
light A «reat deal is crowded into small
. :md to one not used to it there seems
■ arcely room to turn around. I lie
house, which is built on a group of piles,
has a tioor area of 100 square feet. This la
divi-led into four rooms— one for the log
bell, one for the kitchen and a sleeping
room for each of the keepers. A small
space is cut from one of the rooms to allow
room for a nairway to the light-tower.
This i- -10 feet above low tide and exactly
tne same size and shape as the Goat Island
tower. The lamp is almost a duplicate, it
is of th> lifch order and has leuses made
by Sauuier & Co. of Paris. The lcrnp has
circular wicks and burns mineral oil. The
lenses are made to cover the whole horizon
and the steady white light can be seen
Irom almost any part of the bay, as well
as from Oakland harbor. On account of
the limited space the light-tower has also
to do duty as a iamproom and repair-shop.
In spite of the close quarters everything is
neat and clean and all tools are where they
can be found at a moments notice.
The question of a storeroom was a seri
ous one and remained unsolved fora long
lime, the keepers putting al! extra material
in their rooms. The difficulty waa over
come, however, by building a" sort of shed
The South Jetty Light. •
[From a sketch.]
under the house that is reached by a stair
way leading down from the porch. . To
be sure this is not very convenient, but it
gives the keepers a few more feet of space
and somewhat modifies the strong odor of
oil.
Thefugbell machine is located on the same
floor as the sleepinc-rooms. It is made to
run an hour with one winding and gives
one stroke every minute. It is one of the
late patterns of these machines and does
its work easily as well as occupying a
small floor space.
The sooth jetty litht is a "steady red"
twenty-five feet above water and fixed on
the top of a tower of piles. A stairway
leads up from the water to a platform on
which a small house is built for the pur
pose of storing tools, oil and other mate
rial. The lamp is on top of this house and
is reached by a ladder. The lenses are of
the sixth order exactly the same shape as
in the larger lamps. The lamp burns
mineral oil and is arranged with a reser
voir so that it will burn several days with
out attention if necessary. The lens is
pure white, but the lamp is made to show
a red ray by having a chimney of red
glass. lii spite of the amount of light ab
sorbed by the colored glass it can be seen
for seven miles in any direction if there is
no fog.
The Oakland harbor lights are in charge
of C. McCarthy, the same man who first
lighted them in 1890. He has only one as
sistant. Samuel Hounsell occupies that
position at present and has held it for the
last two years. It has been a difficult mat
ter to get men to stay there on account of
the cramped quarters. There is, in fact,
less room' to move around in than there
would be on board a ship, and no man who
had not been a sailor could stand it long.
The work is hard and dangerous at times.
The only way to reach either of the light
houses is from a small boat and in stormy
weather this is impossible. To attend to
the south jetty light is often a difficult
matter. The sea runs high if there is the
least bit of a blow and to make a landing
is an almost impossible task. On several
occasions the keepers have been compelled
to remain there many hours, because the
.sea was too rough to allow them to leave.
On one occasion Mr. Hounsell went over
to attend to the light and had started back
when the sea became 80 rough that he
found it impossible to even get near the
large lighthouse and was compelled to re
main on the bay all night and a part of
the next day. The keepers divide the
night into two wa.U-.hes, a scheme that
works very well in fine weather, but when
it is necessary to use the fogbell it is im
possible to sleep on account of the noise so
close to the bedrooms. Mr. McCarthy and
Mr. Hounsell are both old seamen, and,
while they do not exactly enjoy the mo
notony they are sometimes compelled to
stand, they* say the lite is a pleafiant one
and a great deal safer than being on a
leaky ship._
Trench Sailor's Minstrel.
An official sailor's minstrel is, says our
Paris correspondent, a picturesque inven
tion of M. Lockroy, the French Minister of
Marine. Yann Nibor, the bard in question,
has just returned from a long tour of in
struction. His mission has been to gather
material for new patriotic ditties and to
instill those already composed into the
voices and memories of the crews. Yann
Nibor is the pet of French naval officers on
active service, for they honestly believe that
TBE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
he has managed to displace the meaning
less and obscene doggerel so detrimental to
young sailors,, and to create in its stead a
hearty collection of seafaring ballads.—
London Chronicle.
OCEAN VIEW COURSING.
San Joaquin and Electric Will Meet in
the Rundown To-Day-The
Other Entries.
More than usual interest centers in to
day's coursing at Ocean View Park, from
the fact that the two crack flyers, San
Joaquin and Electric, meet in the run
down. Other fast and clever dogs, among
them Lord Clifton. Nellie C, Firenzi, Royal
Stag, California Violet and Dunlin Stout
are entered and a fine day's sport is ex
pected. Coursing will begin at 11:30 sharp.
Following are the dogs entered :
L. Burfeind's Trix vs. B. C. Lucy's Firenzi, J.
T. Hannon's Foxhall vs. L. Leisher's I>niry
Maid, C. C. Griswold's San Joaquin vs. Villa
kennel's Electric, \V. L. Murphy's Lord Clifton
vs. Liberty kennel's Royal Stag, D. Tweedie's
White Bostio VS. C.Evans' Uasnaway, J. Bax
ter's Yankee Doodic vs. F. Litter's Abbey Lass,
F. C. Randolph's Happy Jack vs. W. Ryan's
Sculptress, \V. L. Trade's Lucky Dog vs. M.
O'Hire's Midget, C. C. Evans' Mascot vs. J.
EL I'erigo'B Jim Corbett, D. Lehman's Nellie C
vs. ('. Coop's California Violet, Vici ken
nel's Fond Hope vs. T. Nunan's Pop Larkin, D.
Leonard's WJll-o'-the-Wisp vs. 1). Tweedie's
Dublin Stout.
Whist
[All communications concerning whist, an
swers to problems, etc., should be addressed,
"Whist Editor," Call, City.]
WHEN the original leader
opens the game by leading
any card that is won by his
partner the question arises,
what should the partner
lead in return?
There is no question in whist play that
Mizzles the beginner more than this
one. In the majority of cases you should
at once return your partner's suit — and it
does not mean that you want to trump it.
There are times when you should not do
so, and again there are situations when
you should lrnmediutelytlead trumps; but
how is the whist-player to know these
things? It is very simple when you stop
and think. Not one beginner in twenty
five will ever try to draw inferences from
each card as it falls; it cannot be done in
a second and you should always take time
enousih to size up each play. Do not play
too fast, and do not sit down to play with
any one that will grumble at your playing
slowly.
"When the leader places his card on the
table it speaks volumes, and when it shows
both elements of strength — length and
master cards — and one lead establishes the
sun his partner should lead trumps at once
if he holds three or more; they can be led j
once with absolute safely. Tteonly way
you can Dring in an established suit is to
get trumps out of the way, and it is quite
certain your adversaries will refrain from
leading them when they have reason to
suspect an establis'ied suit against them.
If you hold but two trumps it is better to
return your partner's suit than open a new
one. The original leader will "read the |
drop," which says, "my partner is weak in'
trumps, not more than two, and leaves it
to me to open trumps or continue my
established suit, with a fiood chance of
forcing the strong trump hand."
Again, when the partner wins the first
trick and it takes another round or possi
bly two to establish it. he should return
the suit immediately! unless he has four
ur mure trumps, or has a suit of Ins own
that he knows beyond the question of
doubt is better than his partner's. |
in this case he should open this suit and |
say to his partner — speaking by the card — j
"Abandon your suit and let us try to es
tablish this one, for it is a stronger one
than yours." I do not believe there id a
case on record where two plain suits were
established and brought in at one deal; it
is very seldom you can bring in one long
suit. "But the hardest stumbling block for
the beginner to get over is the trunip
suit le<id. How many times have you
heard this, "Always return your partner's
lead of trumps."
As a general rule it is the proper thing
to do, but there are times wi. en you should
not return it (speaking now of his original
lead of trumps).
For instance, the original lead is a small
trump marking four with leader; partner
wins. He should not return the trump
in this case withe ut grave reasons of his
own for so doing. If lie has a very strong,
plain suit, it is well to at leastlead one
card from it and then return the trump.
If he is very weak in the other three suits
and has only two trumps originally it is
better to switch to a strengtheninc card in
a short suit or even a singleton and not
lead a trump, for one of your adversaries
holds as many trumps as your partner,
and they also have two chances to your
one of having a suit to establish and
bring in.
We think the original leader with five
small trumps and no strong plain suit
should open with the lowest trump in
stead of the fourth best, and if the devel
opment show 3 thore is no strong suit with
the leader or pnrtner it is then a good
time to go in xor a rutting game.
A "lad" that has been going the rounds
and is still in vogue with some players is
making an irregular opening lead from a
short suit to ask for a lead of trumps
through an honor turned. The tricks that
are lost in trying to catch that honor "would
win many a whist match.
A situation that many whist-players
never seem to understand is what finesses
are proper or should be made. "When a
low card ia originally led and partner
holds ace queen and at least one more he
should finesse the queen and lead the ace.
This is the only finesse justified in plain
suits. If holding ace and queen only, play
ace and return queen. The exception to
this is, with very great trump strength
you migit finesse tbe jack from ace jaclc.
It is generally best to let the leader do the
finessing in his own suit. It should not
be forgotten that holding king jack and a
small card led you should play king and
return jack.
Always tell your partner how many
cards you hold in his suit, whether plain
suits or trumps, and do this as quickly as
possible. When a high card is led, hold
ing four or more on his original load, play
your third best first round and second Dest
on second round. Whether the original
lead was from four or rive cards ii? suit, it
enables you to unblock and also to count
the number of cards you hold. This is
not according to "whist authority," but is
our way of doing it and a trick-winner. It
enables your partner to place every card
in the suit led almost to a. certainty after
the second round.
So far we have been the partner of the
original leader. Let us continue and read
what inferences should be drawn from the
leads, from ace down to the deuce.
The lead of in plain suits:
Ace— Proclaims the presence of king or queen
jack, five or more in suit.
King— Says ace or queen, possibly both, but
only four cards in suit.
Queen— Marks the king in hand, with possi
bly the ace, but five cards at least in suit, or
queen jack ten, lour or five cards in suit.
Many players of the first class lead ten from
queen jack ten, not that it is a better lead
than queen, but it simplifies the queen lead.
Jack— is led from king, queen jack and at
least two others. (King queen marked with
leader) Add the ace to the above and the lead
is the same.
Ten is led from king jack ten and others.
Some players lead tho fourth best from this
combination, but N. B. Trist says he sees no
reason for departing from the time-honored
custom.
Nine is led from ace queen ten nine, and
ace jack ten nine; with or without one more
small card we lead the nine. Cavendish says
five In suit lead ace.
Eipht to deuce is led as the fourth best from
all combinations, not including the above.
In trumps the leads vary a little. Our
advice would be to get a little whist book
— they are all good.
When your partner opens the game hesi
tate long enoueh before you play to read
as much of his hand as his lead will tell
you. Don't hurry; if you do you are lost.
We have often been asked this question:
Is a player ever justified in leading a
"sneat" or singleton as an original load?
The answer is, "ever" is a long time.
There is no law to prevent any person do
ing this if he wants to. It could happen
that you would be justified in making sfich
a lead, but the writer never held a hand
that he could say he was justified in so do
me. Now, dear reader, do not confound
this with any other than the original lead
—the first card played next to the dealer.
No other lead during that game can be an
"original" lead. When the same is once
opened or under way a singleton lead
would be the best you could possibly make
at times and always right and proper,
laughs and sneers to the contrary notwith
standing, when the player uses good judg
ment.
WHISTLETS.
A little eighteen-page pamphlet with
the schedule and rules governing tbe play
for the nine general whist contests, to take
place in Brooklyn June 22 to June 27 at
the next American Whist League Con
gress, can be bad free by applying by
letter to the whist department.
C. S. Raymond, a prominent jeweler of
Omaha, and one of the experts of the
Omaha Whist Club, is sojourning at the
Palace.
1 D. W. Kirkland of the Los Angeles
Whist Club is spending a few days in the
City. He reports whist lively in the City
of the Angels.
A match between the Chicago Whist
Club and the combined whist clubs of Illi
nois took place on Friday evening last at
the Masonic Temple in Chicago; Mi play
ers sat down to battle in the silent game.
Chicago won by 238 tricks.
The Los Angeles Whist Club of Los An
geles has started out in a flourishing con
dition with James Foord as its first presi
dent.
The Trist Duplicate Whist Club has in
augurated a new system of play in teams
of four under the llowell system on Fri
day evenings, under the guidance of John
G. Sutton.
L. Therkelsen, president of the Portland
Whist Club of Portland, Or., is spending a
few days in the City. President Therkel
sen and Johnson of the Portland Whist
Club won the progressive pair match tro
phy at the third annual meeting of the
North Pacific Whist Association.
Tie Evening Telegraph of Philadelphia
has a daily whist column and every Satur
! day has one entire page devoted to the
| game. Milton C. Work, author of
"Whist of To-day," and one of the great
expert whist players, is the whist editor.
The Canadians have caught the whist
fever. A whist league is to ,be formed in
the Dominion. The call is out for the first
meeting to be held in Toronto April 3. A
tournament will be held at the same time,
j and all the erames will be played under the
American Whist League code of laws.
The Trist Whist Club of Philadelphia
! calls the lather of the American lead sys
tem, Nicholas Browse Trist, "Our Patron
Saint."
The London Field of February 29 has a,
full column on "Scoring Honors," an ob
solete practice in this country. Why
does not "Cavendish" turn on the "Ca
thode ray" and show how nonsensical
lit is. • . ••■ • ;■• . :■• .
It is pleasing to say to our whist readers
that it is almost an absolute .certainty
that the master, Henry Jones, known
over the world as '"Cavendish," will at
tend the next American Whist League
Congress, to be held in Brooklyn in June
next.
G. A. Singer, one of the great Chicago
Whist Club expert?, is spending several
weeks in the City. , He is always a wel
com guest to any of the whist clubs.
PROBLEM NO. 2.
Another simple situation. The question
is what should North lead at trick four and
what is the development. East deals and
turns up king of hearts. South to lead.
.South. •. -:. West. North. East
.Tack Clubs , 4 C Ace <J • i .» *2 C
>' me Clubs ■•' ilf . JO C 3<•
Four Spades'* .US --^ '' Are S -' ■'- 2S
The winner of each of the tricks is in
italics. A copy of "A Practical Guide to
Whist," by Fisher Ames, will be given for
the best analysis. ......
TO GUARD RESERVATIONS.
Four Troops of the Fourth Cav
alry Detailed for the
Duty.
New Trails to Be Opened and Old
Ones Improved in Yosemite
and Sequoia Parks.
The purpose of the Interior Department
to guard the National parks of California
with greater vigilance is manifested in the
annexed communication recently received
by General Forsyth:
Headquarters of the Army, A. G. Office,)
Washington, March 21, 1806. j
The Commanding General, Department of Cali
fornia, San Franasco, California— Sir: I have
the honor to inform you thut the Secretary of
the Interior huving requested, if compatible
with public interests, that two troops of cavalry
be assigned to the Yosemite National Park and
two troops of cavalry to the Sequoia and Gen
eral Grant National Parks in California, for the
protection of those parks during the current
year, the Major-General Commanding the
Array, under the approval of the Secretary of
War, directs that you issue the necessary
orders for the detail of two troops or four
troops of cavalry, in your discretion, for tins
service.
The Major-General Commanding concurs in
your views as to tbe advisability of designating
the superintendent a month or so in advance
of the arrival of the troops in order to allow a
Buflicient time to send notifications to the
various stock men surrounding the reservations
to keep out of the parks. Very respectfully,
Geo. D. KruGLES, Adjutant-General.
An official copy of the foregoing was
transmitted yesterday to General Graham,
commanding officer at the I'residio, for his
information. General Forsyth, in accord
ance with the above instructions, directs
that Troops B and X, Fourth Cavalry, be
sent to the Yosemite, and Troops C ana I,
Fourth Cavalry, to the Sequoia, in order
that by a division of the duty time may be
afforded to improve some of the old trails
and to open new ones for future use. Fur
ther instructions will follow later.
When General Forsvth visited the
Yosemite and Sequoia National parks last
summer he made an inspection of the res
ervations and was impressed by the insuf
ficiency of trails and the impassable con
dition of many of the existing roads or
paths. It is presumed that a report of his
observations were transmitted to general
headquarters and that the improvements
now authorized were suggested in his re
port.
Fall River claims the smallest voter in
the United States in the person of James
Gardner, who is only 32 inches tail. He
was born in Kngland in 1870 and came to
America in IRBO, since when he has worked
in a mill at Fall River.
NEW TO-DAY.
FA . From U.S. Journal of Medicine
tM >w A Prof. W. H. Peeke, who
tyj «^B"^^fc makes a specialty of
P * ■ I &. . Epilepsy, has without
KH^ ■ I doubt treated and cur-
j£ »■ ■ :ed more cases than any
W ■ ■ living Physician ; his
m D IkY success is astonishing.
Jg^ Jft^ ftV^^^ We have heard of cases
of 20 years' standing
«tf cured by
AW ■ iH hltn .■ - H o
I II ill I t V h°i r s k di° S °
|ff X ft H ease, which
IjUI WUgl
-^^^^^^ :. . . largo bot-
tie of his absolute cure, free to any sufferers
who may send their P. O. and Express address.
We advise any one wishing a cure to address
*rof . B. PEEKEi F. D., 4 Cedar St., Hew Tor*
NEW TO«DAT: .„,, ,
fTjr j NOLAN BROS.
I W'Wi' SHOE CO.
pi; f§" M dnut bUi
"WIH TKTZXiLi
CLOSE OUT
The Following Lines of Onr Own Make
FINE SHOES
All Widths and Sizes,
AT LESS THAN FACTORY PRICES.
Dp- Cut this out and save It to
order by. t
LADIES 1 FIXE PARIS KID BUTTON, cloth
or kid tops, pointed or square toes, patent-
leather tips $175 per pair
.LADIES' FRENCH KID BUTTON, cloth or
kid tops, pointed or square toes, patent-
leather tips, flexible soles ....$2 per pair
LADIES' EXTKA QUALITY FRENCH KID
BUTTON, seamless foxed, cloth or kid tops,
satin finished, very latest pointed needle
toe, or narrow, square Vale toe, diamond
patent-leather tips. flexible soles. s2 50 per pair
OUR LADIES' FRENCH KID
Life-Saving Shoes.
Very latest style, pointed and narrow square
toes, diamond patent-leather lips, hand-
sewed soles, $3 per pair, best quality
. ...-.....:....... .:..... .:. $3 50 per pair.
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' FINEST
QUALITY FRENCH PEBBLE GOAT
BUTTON, square toe and tip, spring heels.
Sizes H to 101/. $1 50, sizes 11 to '2 SI 75.
LADIES' FINEST QUALITY TAMPICO
PEBBLE GOAT BUTTON, new style,
square toe and tip.. . . . .'* ...$2 per pair.
LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY FRENCH
PEBBLE GOAT BUI TON. French kid
button, piece, hand-sewed, new style, square
toe and tips .' $2 50 per pair.
Ladies FRENCH kid cloth-tup LA«E •
SHOES, pointed needle toes, diamond
patent-leather tips $2 50 per pair.
LADIES' SPKIXG-HEEL SHOES.
LADIES' FINE QUALITY PEBBLE GOAT
BUTTON, spring heels, new style square
toe and tips $1 75 per pair
LADIES' FRENCH PEBBLE GOAT BUT-.
TON, new style square toe and tips, soring
heels.... '. ....$2 per pair
LADIES' FIXE PARIS KID BUTTON, new
style narrow square toe, patent-leather tips,
spring heels $1 75 per pair
LADiES 7 FRENCH KID BUTTON, dot* or
kid tops, new style narrow square toe, pat-
ent-leather tips, spring hee15.... ....52 per pair
LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY FRENCH KID
BUTTON, seamless foxed, cloth or kid
tops, new style narrow square toe. diamond
patent-leather tips $2 50 per pair
LADIES' FINE FRENCH KID, cloth top lace
shoes, pointed needle toe, patent-leather
' tips, spring heels.. $2 60 per pair
MEN'S SHOES.
MEN'S CALF SHOES, Lace or Congress,
"pointed or square toes $2 per pair
MEN'S FINE CALF SHOES, Lace or Con-
gress, latest style toes... $2 60 per pair
MEN'S EXTRA FINE CALF LACE SHOES,
■ f latest . style pointed ruzor toes and new-
style narrow square Yale toes. . . .$3 50 per pair i
THE FOLLOWING LINES
OF EASTERN - MADE SHOES
WE WILL ALSO CLOSE OUT
At Less Than Factory Prices:
LADIES' FINE DONGOLA KID BUTTON,
pointed or square toe, patent leather tips...
91 25 per pair
LADIES' t'I.NE PARIS KID BUTTON,
- . pointed or narrow square toes, patent leather
' 'tips...: $1 50 per Dair
LADIES' FINE PARIS KID BUTTON, nar-
■ ■ ■ row square toes, patent leather tips, spring
. heels : #1 50 per pair
Missi>' AND CHILDREN'S SPRING
■ HEEL BUTTON SHOES, square toes, pat-
, r ent leather tips.
:-',.- Sixes llVa'O 2 $125
Sizes BVa toll $100
' Sizes 5. to 8 90
MISSES* AM) CHILDREN'S
PEBBLE GOAT.BUTTON "BAY STATE" make.
Solid Double Soies, Standard Screwed. Cannot
rip. Spring Heels or Heels
Bices 11 to 2 $1 25
Sizes X to 10M>.... •-.•- 1 00
Sizes 5 t07VjT...... 90
WE HAVE JUST ISSUED
50,900 MORE CATALOGUES
Showing all the Latest Styles and Up-to-Date
Shoes, and all at reduced prices. Send us your
address and we will mail you a catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
MARKET STREET.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and II O'Farrcll St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5537.
DR. PIERCES
jjffijß&k electric
lysyi BEL I
'M^WcM^' is THE BEST. ■
V" <(&? 1 '- Wo Have Them
**V<t^- From $5 to $25,
,^ ; . r.ti» And Guarantee
liS^Si.B'.BEt!
gpf|iisls BELT
To be Superior, to
Any Ocher Elec-
W •OO&Jfc^taS trie Belt In the
{•- <t)v " World.
«^g All the Latest .
.■-'\~'i''&£"iaW\l* |j» Improvements.
'^^Sr^WS^im^'^ JKS-Call or write for
Freo"P:imt)hlPt No. 2."
l>^«^nit??Tf^-«l Buy »° l; '' it till you see
B^K^-~^y : ' - ''»L^J<j3H "Dr. Pierces." Address
Ji^^^f^^ DRS. PIERCE & SON.
r^l^f^f^^^" 704 Sacramento St.
A* i^tqjj-' "• (cor. Kea'rny). 2d, 3d
* - *^js? and 4tli floors, *'. ■
■~S<.i? SAN FRANCISCO. .
nn re itching piles
PIIr^SWAYNE'S
I IfaglnV niNTMPNT
ABSOLUTBLT OtTBHS. Ulll ■ ■"«■■
SYMPTOMS-Moliiturej Inteiiiie itching nnd
•ttnalnc; molt »t n««htt worse by «e-»tohln«. If
allowed tn continue tumor* form mad protrude, .
which often bl»-ed «nd ulc*rntc, booomlnc jery
wriSWAVNE'M OINTMENT •top* the Itching
■ndbUe.llnc. heul. ulceratton, and in must 6asc»
rcmoTe. the t»mor«. Art jour Druggist far It. •
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
"They make those laugh who never
laughed before.
And those who always laughed they
make lauch the more."
Do Those Missouri Men and Women
:MAKK TWAIN: 'Wrote' a Story About and
• " : Called It
PDDD'HHEAD WILSON!
; Made a play of that is
and : AN X MAYO: the Comedy: Drama
:............ .....: Success of the Age.
-CO3IE TO— — *
THE COLUMBIA
FOB TWO WEEKS
Beginning Monday Evening, April 6th,
—AND YOU CAN BUY SEATS .
Beginning with Thursday, April 2. .
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TUESDAY, MARCH 31, AT 8 P. M.
GOUNOD'S ORATORIO, THE
REDEMPTION.
(COMPLETE.)
■ Chorus 150 voices. . Orchestra 40. Fi it:, time in
San Francisco with full orchestra. Tickets : on
sal* at 808 Post street (Byron 3lauzy'B). Popular
prices, 75, 50, 35 and 25 cents. • -
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS. ww^^,^-^.^^^
COLUMBIA THEATER.
l-RIEDLANDER, GOTTLOB & CO Lessees and Managers.
"BETTER THAN TOE BEST
ULIiIIII II Ai lllli MSI
■*^J^^^)W OF ALL THK lIE^ DERSO:s " PRODUCTIONS,"
X& Is the Public Criticism of the
ffl f P' \ American vast week
4a||Lsf \ Extravaganza \ BeginsTo morrow
fc -^^^S^aJß^T^> "r B "iT\ 128P«»pl«. \Eventns:.
%Tlf|Si*ai^^l^> 1 SSSr\ »• Henderson \^ rch
iSf farewell \ Manager, \ 30 -
-■ IS^^fW 1 "r/ Sunday Evening. V f H \
CTiß^farfMTV^^^Wllli^ .. . CHORDS— "Chosen for their per-
HmWliipHßßl\*iHffflmß{iWrl > - - soual charms."
E^W^Pl^llMl/llMlllniJ ■ VEKIiICT PRODUCTION-»Large for the
hK nil THE SCENERY-"New and effective 1
S^^^S?-?^^- j&SM Jbl Vi- X t ' ''i BALLET— "Gorgeously staged."
--^^^jS?^ SONGS— "Bright aud catchy."
r^** 1 COMPANY— "A decided hit."
Monday, April 6-Mark Twain's "PUDDT-HEAD WiLSOr
!l*T^ATßprp"o"p P s 0 LAST TIME!
Good-By Performance HOYT'S "A MILK WHITE FLAG."
— — TWO WEEKS' ENGAGEMENT-
BEGINNING TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT,
THE PEER OF PLAYERS,
\ Supported by a Company of Artists. in a Series of Magnificent Classic and Romantic
Productions, Staged in an Extravagant Manner. „_
Tour Directed by - WM. F. CONNOR.
KKI'KRTOIIMS FOR FtKST WJtIKK: ■»-«-,«-
Monday:. MONTE V CIS TO Friday ■;," A; • T ,
Tuesday '. . . .VIIICJTXIUS Saturday Matinee A'IKGIMUIs
Wednesday. .THE COURIKK OF LYONS I Saturday and Sunday Night «... ... •••••• 2, _
Thursday... MONTE CBISTI* ! ...MONTK CKISTO
Every Lady in the Audience Monday Night Will X ceive a Souvenir Picture of
MR. O'NEILL as -VIKGINIUS."
"Greatest Vlrglnius since John McCuliough."— Examiner. 1891.
~ THE AUDITORIUM.
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
' ' >fib J^fc t jKgS.Api-*' g^k Friedlander, Gottlob «k Co, Lessees and Managers
& W^isSm ' Commencing This (Sunday) Night, March 29
RICHARDS & PRINGLE'S
FAMOUS GEORGIA
MINSTRELS!
pB^HHB5 l ?y^^^BJp^j HEADED BY THE GREAT
Mi^ft»^# BILLY KERSANDSI
- 1 BKi|PP» 3^H' AN " A GREAT COTERIE OF ARTISTS
M^-yH^^y '^yJ'fW including
W^^^^^^T-Mf iIOOKE VXD KEMP,
jffl \ PICKANINNY or.VKTKT,
Jj@£& >^^jKiLP^* /***&*. <-"i:i>i i.m < ! i \"<_>: ai;t* r.
Watch for the !'a:ul Parade at 1 1:30 A.M.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO....- • Sole Lessee and Manager
TO-MORROW EVENING - - - - - - MONDAY, HARCH 30,
A MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION!
THE ROMANTIC AND INTERESTING MELODRAMA,
"TUP RPfi PflPlf FT-RflflK "
Adapted from the French by Louis Imhaus.
_..„„, m-r-r . rr, 'THE -WONDERFUL SHIP SCENE! "XT f\TT OTip
m?Fj THAT THE FIRE! THE STORM! THE WRECK! YOU Shti
DJLjLJ IUAi THE MOVING CARAVAN IN THE DESERT! XV w kJ J-(-LJ ,
GREAT MECHANICAL EFFECTS.
SIXTY PEOPLE ON THE STAGE. _
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
props.
•rC>-3NriC3-3BCT-LAST TIME
IMPIDEIE."
TO-MOKROW WIGHT AND ALL THE
WKKK-
The Always Popular Comedy-drama,
"FRIENDS!"
By Edwin Milton Royle— — -
Management of Arthur C. Aiston.
Presented by the same excellent company that
appeared In it' so successfully last season.
NOT TOMORROW,
BUT
A WEEK FROM TO-MORROW!
P r DAILEY
IN"
J. J. iMally's Greatest Laughing Success,
THE
NIGHT CLERK!
With a Superb Company
Ami an Elaborate Production.
New York Applauded It for 100
Successive Nights.
SHOOT THE chutes
Open To-Day From 1 0 A. M. to 11 P. M.
COME OUT AND BRIXG YOUR HOT.
" This Afternoon at 4:30
(By request)
EMIL MARKEBERG
Will Repeat His Most Thrilling Balloon Ascension
and . Parachute Drop, Hanging by Head and
Heels to Rings, and Liberating Carrier Pigeons.
ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS.
CHILDREN- ADMISSION, sc; CHUTES,' sc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. tESESiiXKKKELrxo, Proprietor & Manager
JSt THIS EVENING JS
-^- EVERY MOVE A PICTURE -^»
-r-> in THE T~fc
SCENIC PRODUCTION
}£» OF ' I*
_jt± Richard Btahl's Romantic Comic a_
•g- Opera, "jg-
# "SAID PASHA!" ft
Perfectly Cast, Mounted, Costumed and Staged.
MANY NOVEL FEATURES!
Look out for the BIG SHOW—
An Old Friend In a New Dress.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell etreel. Between Stoclc:oa aal Po«ralU
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday), MARCH 29.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
Unprecedented Hit of Our Jew Bill!
SEGOMMER,
BRUET AND RIVERE,
THENAWNS,
GERTIE CARLISLE,
THI-I CORTY BROTHERS
And a Surpassing Specialty Company.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND),
4 Nights, Beginning To-morrow,
'•The Fair Mahutma."
ANNA EVA FAY
Secure Seats— Prices, 25c, 35c, 50c— No higher.
SUTRO BATHS.
AT 2:30 AND 8:00 P. M. DAILY,
Grand Aquatic and Athletic Performance!
BOYS' SWIMMING RACE
At 3:00 and 8:30 P. M.
Winners of Daily Trials to Compete
Saturday, March 28.
Gold and Silver Medals for First and
; . Second Prize.
racingi racing! racingi
California vJockey> club.
— --WINTER MEETING •
Beginning Thursday, March 19th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday
Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shine. „
FlVii OK MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
. Races start at 2:00 P. M. sharp. .;
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the ata. ■
R. B. jIIILKOY. THO3. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
Secretary. fresidqai.
2324
All the fields a glow with popples,
Poppies on the mils:
Waving, swaying golden poppies,
Poppies by the rills;
Poppies, poppies everywhere,
Blooming in the balmy air.
Aren't they lovely, and isn't it fun to
get right down in among them and feel we
may have as many of them in our arms as
we can possibly hold?
In the great flower parade of the year on
our western coast there is none better
known or loved than the California poppy
or eschscholtzia. There, I didn't mean to
call it that at all; but that's its "big"
name, all the same, but you do not need
to learn it or use it unless you choose. I
can remember so well the day it was in
troduced to me. We were having a spell
ing examination and it .was among the
words and was missed by the whole class.
My, what fun our professor made of us
because we could not spell the botanical
name of our own flower! "We bad to spell
it every day for a week and "I've never
forgotten it."
Amapola and copa de oro are other and
prettier names which have been given to
this brilliant favorite. You'll be sur
prised when I tell you that it is not a true
poppy at all, nor are its flame-painted,
satiny cups kissed by California's sun
alone, for we also rind it in great numbers
in Oregon and Washineton, Nevada, Ari
zona and New Mexico; while the very
largest and most gorgeous specimens are
found on the little island of Santa Cataliua.
From now until fall the orange poppy is
the glory of our hills and fields, dazzling
the eye by its wonderful richness of color
and sheeny brightness as if it were the ex
pression of the store of gold which lies
hidden in the bosom of the land where it i
so freely blooms.
During the fail it lingers along as if loth
to leave, but blooms a very different poppy
than the great, deep orange one of the j
earlier year, growing low to the ground
and having only small, shallow cups of a
light yellow.
The Kork-a-By I,ady.
The Rock-a-By Lady from Hushaby street
Comes stealing; comes creeping;
The poppies i hey hang from her head to her fe«t
And each hath adre»m that is tiny and fleet-
She bringetb her poppies to you, my sweet,
When she Qndetb you sleeping!
There Is one little dream of c. beautiful drum—
"Rub-a-dub!" it jroeth:
There is one little dream of a big sugar-plum,
And lo! thick and fast the other dreams come
Of popsuns that bang, and tin tops that hum,
And a trumpet that blowetb!
And dollies peep out of those wee little dreams
With laughter and singine:
And boats en *-floating on silvery streams,
And the stars peek-a-boo with their own misty
gleams.
And up. up, and up, where the Mother Moon
beams.
The fairies go winging !
Would yon dream all these dreams that are tiny
and fleet -
They'll come to you sleeping:
So shut the two eyes that are weary, my swept,
For the Kociv-a-By Lady from Hush 1 by street,
With poppies that bans: from her head to her feet,
Comes stealing; comes creeping.
Eugesk Field.
A Country Newsboy.
Living in a town far away from any large
city are four little boys. These little boys
have very happy lives, but the best hour
of the day is when their governess takes
them into their mamma's sitting-room.
I shall tell you how they spend this hour.
These small boys know that about this
time the "donkey boy* comes down the
street with the evening paper. He is
hailed with many a smile and nod while
the one whose turn it is runs out to get the
paper for papa.
But I must not forget to tell you also
how the boy's dog, Snip, greets the donkey
boy. Snip comes tearing around the home
and over the fenct , barking ail the while
as hard as ever he can. Sometimes the
donkey is not very good-natured, and
Snip's barking makes him very angry.
Then you should see him kick! The
Rosuell Francis Field, Eugene Field's Youngest Son and the Inspirer of "The
Rock-a-by Lady," "Booh " and Many Other Poems in the Volume "Love- Songs
of Childhood."
{Reproduced from McClwc'4 Magazitu^
In CHILDHOODS
Realm
donkey boy puts his papers in his mouth
and holds on to the reins as tight as he
can to keep from falling off. The little
boys think that he is very brave, and they
watch their donkey boy until he turns the
corner. Although they are sorry to see
him go, they know that another pleasure
is in store for them, and that is to see the
electric street-lamp lighted. As soon as
its bright rays shine out through the dark
ness the four small boys pull down the
curtains; then, drawing their chairs around
the lire, ask their mamma to sing to them.
After a while we hear "good night," and
our four little boys march to "Bhuteye
town" to play with the "chocolate cat"
and the "gingerbread dog."
J. M. Kennedy.
Copa de oro, cup of gold !
cap of the iairies thy blooms infold!
Wand of the Slav wind sets them free|
smile of the summer, a song to thee!
Copa de oro, cup of gold !
KnipresH of pastures manifold,
In the Wonderland by the sunset sen,
From the heart of th - heart, a draught to thee'.
Copade oro, cup of pold !
Type of the treasured wealth untold;
Of the rich desire and the deep unrest,
Of the glorious, garlanjed Go. den We&t!
John K. Kichabds.
A Bunch of Grapes.
Once upon a time, ever so long ago; how
long? oh, about twenty-live or thirty years
ago, one afternoon a kind neighbor sent
Mrs. Wat Kins a basket of luscious grapes.
Ihe little nnes were wild with delight.
California's sunny hillsides ana gentle
slopes are now dotted here and there with
many line vineyards, but in those days
there were very few. so grapes were con
sidered a great luxury.
What a kind man was Mr. Stevens. He
had not forgotten one of the family but
had sent a bunch for each, even for little
John and Mary.
They took theirs outside under the trees
and ate them just as slowly as they could.
wbicb was about as slowly as little piggies
gobble their food.
Alter the last grape was swallowed they
ran back to the house, hoping to get a few
more from their mamma or sister, but
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
they wore not in the kitchen; something
else was in it, though.
Grandma was not at home and mamma
had left the very finest and largest bunch
in the basket on the table for her when
she would return from her walk.
The bright eyes of the children soon
spied it and one of the naughty thoughts
popped into Mary's head, you know the
kind of a thought that always pops out at
the finger-tips.
SHASTA AND THE POPPY.
Have you not seen a little child
Smile sweetly in the face of Age ;
Whose hopeful trust in all mankind,
'Found naught forbidding in the sage?
¥¥¥
So Shasta stands, in purple state,
Snow-crowned and wisely old :
While straight in Shasta' s awful face.
Smiles up this flower of gold.
Cora E. Chase.
¥¥¥
"Let's just take two — one for you and
one for me," were the words which the
naughty thought popped out of the little
girl's mouth.
"All wight," said Jack, and two fine
grapes promptly jumped from grandma's
bunch into the little greedy mouths.
Two more soon followed, theji two more,
still another and another, until all were
gone.
The tiny thieves began to feel a little
sick, and frightened, too. They wished
they had not touched the grapes.
They thought Mr. Stevens was a real
naughty man to do things to make so
much trouble. Then two very quiet babies
stole out through the open door.
"When grandma came back, tired and
warm, after a long tramp over the hills,
mamma felt very glad to tninfc she had
A COUNTRY NEWSBOY.
such a pleasant surprise waiting for her.
So she hurried to the kitchen, her face
beaming with smiles, to get the delicious
fruit which she was sure would prove so
refreshing to her dear mother.
Oh, imagine how surprised and shocked
she must have been when she saw in the
dainty basket only a brown stem ! All the
grapes gone ! Phe sat down on a chair ana
if she hadn't been a big lady she would
have had a good cry. As it was her eyes
did fill with tears as she shook her Head,
saying -"Oh, dear; oh, dear; those two,
those two!"
Of course, when Jack and Mary came
in, or, rather, were brought in, they knew
nothing about it; but the spotted table
cover, ashamed eyes and drooping heads
told another story.
Then two sorry babies stole out of the
room very quietly once more; but they
did not go through, the door which led out
to the silvery stream, the pretty flowers
ana the lovely trees. Oh, no! This time
they went through a door which led to a
room where two little white cots stood.
And now you know that they were pun
ished by being sent to bed in the daytime,
while the creat big sun was still blinking
and winking in the blue, blue sky; and
poor grandma had no nice, cool grapes.
;,-,■:.■• ' : M. W. R.
She Only Cracked It.
Little girl goes with her mother to the
grocer's. There is a basket of oranges at
the door. The little girl looks at the
oranges and thinks she would like one.
Her mother being some time in the shop
the temptation becomes too strong and
she takes one and puts it in her pocket.
. Her mother still has not finished buy
ing what she requires and the little girl
has' time to repent and puts the orange
back.
. When the mother comes out the little
girl begins crying and tells her, and then
says:
"I didn't break the commandment,
mamma. I only cracked it."— Youth's
Companion.
- Room to Cry In.
In Sweden, according to travelers who
have resided in that country, it is a house
hold custom to provide rooms where the
children may go and cry and scream and
make all the noise they need to. In all
other parts of the house they are expected
to be quiet and mindful of the presence of
their elder*. On the whole it seems rather
a good plan— good for the children and
good for • the elders, too. — \ York
Times. ■ '
. Hadn't Emptied the Soapsuds.
Johnny— l don't want to go in bathing
now, papa. •
Papa— Why not?
Johnny (pointing to the surf) — Some
body else has been in and hasn't emptied
their soapsuds out yet.— Pittsburg Bulletin.
Only Use Their Eyes. .
Four-year-old William invited his little
friends to come and see a new present. As
they enter : the ■" room he says: ". "Now, I
don't want you to look at this with your j
< bands.".-; ' ; : .'■ --. .■ - -- '..' ' , ■ : . , _ . . . .'■ ' . j
i ZtM teaches «v «auo< ouestioiMM
Teachers are quite apt to ask questions,
and they sometimes receive curious an
swers. This question was as follows:
"Now, pumls, how many months have
twenty-eight days?"
"All of them, teacher," replied the boy
on the front seat.
Answers Received.
Correct answers to questions of March 15
have been received from: May Seadler of Sac
ramento, and Augusta Williams, Gertrude
Murray, Emmie Houston and Alice Bell
of San Francisco. To questions of March
22: From Lois Leonard of Oroville,
Priscilla Waters and Cecile Heller of Oakland,
Willie McGann of Golden Gate, and Joseph
Hannon, Ronald Macmillan, Harry and Willie
Stafford. Lola Cook, Hilda Mayer, Katie Stone,
Arthur E..Snyder, Marion J. Hamilton, Joseph
Bowen, Alice Bell, Albert Moeller, Alma Barth,
Ellen Abelee, Flora Poole, May Seadier, Annie.
Fisher. Hilda Lippie of San Francisco and
Hazel Brock of Santa Clara.
The Letter-Box.
Letters, letters, letters I Why, my box has
been filled to overflowing two or three times
this week, and in consequence I've been very
very happy, but a little bit puzzled, too.
I know you enjoy having your letters pub
lished nnd this week there are ?o many that it
is just impossible for all to appear.
I'lease don't feel badly, but keep on writing,
always remembering that your letters are
carefully read and enjoyed by your editor, and
some bright Sunday one of your letters will
surely be printed in "Childhood's Realm."
I wish you all to read the first letter that is
published to-day, and tell me the next time
you write if you are not glad that I published
that one instead of yours.
San FRANcrsco, March 23, 1896.
Dear Editor: I think I have solved your
enigma in last Sunday's Call. I think it is:
Touch.
Last.
Sir.
Oats.
And South Carolina.
Hoping that I am correct, I am yours respect
fully,
A Newsboy without a home, 11 years old. •
P. S.— Please publish in children's page, for
it would give me great joy if I am correct.
Oakland, Cal., March 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a constant reader of your
pretty stories and I am always glad to look at
the "puzzles." To-day as I was looking at the
children'? page I came across an enigma and
although I tried I could not make it out, but I
worked the pi puzzle and the dropped vowels.
Inclosed you will find the answers. I am 11
years old. I remain your interested reader,
S. Jeannette Cuvellier.
P. S. — We have a great many pets including
five fox terrier puppies and their mother, a
rabbit, a white rat and a number of pigeons.
J. C.
San FRANcrsco, March 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl, 11 years old.
My papa takes The Call ana every Sunday I
reaa the page called Childhood's Realm. It is
very interesting, especially the puzzles, two of
which I am going to answer. Hoping that my
letter will be published in next Sunday's Call,
I am, your little friend, Bessie Lee.
West Oakland, March 22, 1896.
Dear Editor :lam 13 years of age ; I live in
West Oakland. This is the first time I have
ever written to The Call editor.
I hope my answers are all right. I read the
stories in the Childhood's Realm.
I remain hoping mv letter will be published
in next Sunday's Call, your little reader,
Mary L. Dalton.
Pan Francisco, March 23, 1 896.
Dear Editor: I send you my answers. This is
my first letter to The Call, so I hope to see it
published next Sunday. Yours truly,
Makion J. Hamilton, 10 years of age.
137 Fremont avenue.
Berkeley, Monday night.
Dear Editor: Last Sunday night papa brought
The Call home, and while looking through it
I came across the page entitled, "In Child
hood's Realm." I enjoyed it so much that I
asked papa to bring it home every Sunday.
I have tried the puzzles and hope they are
right. Yours sincerely, Kathp.yn Robinson.
2425 Durant avenue.
Alameda, Cal., March 17, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first lettei. Every
Sunday the first thing I do is to look for the
children's page, and last Sunday I thought I
would try and answer your question, and I
ho-pe this is correct: The San Joaquin Valley.
Yours truly, Edna Colson, age 9J 2 years.
Redwood City, Cal., March 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: Jam a girl 14 years of age. My
father is the night watchman in the Frank
Tanning Compaxiy. I send my answer to the
dropped vowels, and I hope it is right, for it is
the first time I ever answered any of your ques
tions. I hope I will see this in the next Sun
day's paper. I remain yours,
Hansena Skow.
San Francisco, March 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: P.eing very much pleased at
seeing my name in your paper this morning I
set to work at once to study out the puzzles in
it. I hope they are all correct. Your little
1108 Union street. Caroline Mann.
San Francisco, March 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: I herewith send my solution
—■JiAc.u.- helps UIMSfiLE- TO- GBiNnMi'i -f.RiPr^.
THE LAMENT
1 Uo<X^.^ y
H <;an't find the lacj&
That bel°n^S m my sh°e ♦
S> I've looked a f| the olav
7 With the whole of w might
And now I Qant g°
/ T° the part/ tonight..
100-h 00 , wKat shall 2 d°?
If Qant find the la^e
That beings
in my h°e .
to the enigma In Sunday's Call of Marcn 22,
which is "South Carolina," and hope it is
right. Grace Mclnerney, 13 years old.
San Francisco, March 2f, 1896.
Dear Editor: We are keeping The Call, and
I am very interested in the children's realm.
I like to read the little stories and am trying to
get the light answers to your conundrums. I
really wish the children's page would come
oftener than once a week. Truly, your little
friend, Hilda Liph, aged 10 years.
1012 Twenty-third street.
San Francisco, Cal., March 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little girl 8 years old.
This is the first time I have written to you. I
reßd the children's page every Sunday.
The California poppy is yellow. We do not
get them vesy often with their leaves on.
My T>a]>a just came up from Mexico and
brought me some clay toys that the Indians
make and a little .straw hat and two little ones
made out of horses' hair.
I hope this will be printed in next Sunday's
Call. Your friend Jkshie Fredricks.
120 Collingwood street.
Dear Editor: This is my answer for March 15;
My first is tlie lettfir 8 in sweep,
My second is the letter a in livip,
My third is n in earnest you'll lind,
My fourth is the ./in the joker who dine^
My fifth is o in astonishment given.
My sixth is a in spoaking of heaven.
My si-venth is </ in the queer old
My eighth Is v in you who are mean,
My ninth is the i in lion you'll find,
My tenth is the n in the end far behind
-And now I proclaim to the fat and the loan,
My whole is the Valley of the great Hun Jonquin.
Yours truly, Aline Brooks.
Puzzles.
A MIXTURE.
1. A well-known saying of three words.
From the first vowels are dropped, from the
second consonants, and from the third one
vowel and one consonant:
Hst ac wte.
2. I am a word of three parts.
My 1 is said to be as good as a mile.
My 2 with the head of my 3 is a soft metal.
My 3 is the sound of a bell.
My total is the act of mismanaging.
3. Take a certain consonant, place both be
fore and after it a certain vowel, and obtain a
lady's name.
Take the name and before and after it place
a consonant, obtaining a word meaning flat.
4. Take a word meaning all of a thing or
entire and change its heart (middle letter) so
as to obtain the name of a large sea animal.
Answers for March 22.
1. Pi— "Do unto others as you would have
others do unto you."
2. Enigma— South Carolina.
3. Dropped vowels:
Little drops of water,
I-ittle grains of sand,
Make the mighty ocean
And the pleasant lanc^
4. Charade— Larkspur.
WJien brightest sunbeams glance and play.
The golrien poppies nod and sway
'lheir silken petals by the way.
Closing nightly,
Petals tightly,
Sweet sleeping till the d"wnlng flay.
Hklkn Carpkntei
THEEE MICE THAT SANG.
Oi^e Now in the House of a Norway
Music-Teacher.
George H. Martin, the veteran music
teacher of Norwich, Conn., says the New
York Sun, has a wonderful singing or
chanting mouse in his home on Williams
street. The mouse is qutie as retiring as
any human musician, and as it kept itself
in the bacKground, inhabiting a crevice in
the cellar, a long time passed before Mr.
Martin knew that he had the prodigy. To
a reporter Mr. Martin said :
"I recently read an article stating the
effect that music has upon different ani
mals, and it recalled an incident that oc
curred in my own household. One morn
ing after playing upon the piano and
singing several songs when the whole
house was quiet, it seemed to me that I
heard music in the distance. I listened
and heard it distinctly, a wee, fine note
like the chiming of a little glass. After a
moment it died away; then it tinkled
again. Now and then it rose a little higher,
and it seemed to me it must be the voice
of a tiny canary in a remote part of the
house. But the song was sweeter than
any canary's, sweeter than any bird's note,
and it was different, too.
"Fora long time I tried in vain to lo
cate the place whence the strains came.
After a while the music ceased, and I gave
it up for the time: But it was not many
days before the singing came again. I
had been playing and "singing as before,
and had stopped suddenly, when for a
second time 1 heard the tiny notes. They
continued for a minute or more, then
ceased, and again 1 sought unsuccessfully
the place where the singular singer was to
i
107-109 IF»Oe»T STB.EET,
1220-1222-1224 IVEA.XIItIS'X STREET.
Easter The Market -st.
Dress store makes some
Goods, remarkable offer-
ings of up-to-date Dress
Goods for this week's
buyers of Easter costumes
— identically the same
grades of fabrics at one-
third less than downtown
stores can afford to sell
them for.
FANCY VIGOREAT'X SUITINGS— 42
inches wide— pure wool and mohair— pat-
terns in advance styles— all the leading
colors for spring and summer '96. Easter
offering at $4 50 suit.
BROCHE MOHAIIt NOVELTIES— 44
inches wide. Everything in mohair is
eagerly sousrht for now — this is one of the
prettiest fabrics— light or dark effects.
Should be $8, but a special Easter offeriug
at $6 75 suit.
BLACK MOHAIR DRESS GOODS— S4
Inches wide— real English production-
fancy figured effects— don't wrinkle— won't
hold dust— should be $2 a yard. SSpecial
Easter offering at $8 75 suit.
200 Styles The import-
Wash Dress ed sheer
Fabrics. weaves for
airy summer dresses, in
patterns and colorings
that rival silk — the best
domestic products — most
comprehensive stock in
town and we believe the
lowest prices. Both stores
for Wash Fabrics.
NOVELTY DTMITIES— Dresden floral
effects— large brilliantly colored Persians
—stripes, dots, cnecks— loo patterns.
I2V2C yard.
STRIPED GRASS CLOTHS— Natural
linen color — 5 patterns in new striped ef-
fects. 15c yard.
GOLF SUITINGS— Woven checks, stripes
and dots— solf mixtures in cotton, closely
-opying their woolen namesakes— 3o pat-
terns. 15c yard.
IMPORTED SCOTCH DIMITIES- Light
or dark grounds— figures, stripes, buds,
sprays— Oriental designs. 25c yard.
WHITE DOTTED SWlSS— Embroidered
dots, in several sizes-ran extra quality
25c yard.
FANCY COLORED DOTTED SWTSS—
Pink, navy or blue embroidered dots—
hign Dovelty. 35c yard.
be found. And so it went on for several
weeks, the hidden musician chiming in
with my playing and singing, but success
fully concealing his identity and place of
abode.
"One morninz, finally, right after I had
ceased playing and the little minstrel had
struck up with his own song, I casually
noticed that the cellar door, opening out
of my room, was ajar. I was passing the
portal at the time, and the idea suddenly
crossed my mind that the singer very
likely was secreted in the cellar staircase.
So, without noise, I stepped to the door
and peeped within. At rim I could see
little in tne obscurity of the passage, but,
opening the door a peg further, I caught a
glimpse at last of my musicai friend.
"There, perched upright in the shadow
on the chine of a barrel, sat my singing
mouse, and he was as cool as you please,
singing right along as fearlessly as ever.
He appeared not at all alarmed by my ap
proach. It was plain from the movements
of his jaws and the trembling of his tiny
whiskers that the wonderful musical
strains came from him. I listened a full
minute while the songster went on with
his lay, and then a sudden and unpremedi
tated movement un my part startled my
small friend, and with a whisk of his tail
he darted behind his barrel. After that I
tried to capture the singer, but ineffectu
ally.'
While singing mice undoubtedly are
quue as rare as white blackbirds, never
theless, Mr. Martin is by no means the
only person who has hoard a mouse sing.
Not long ago a singing mouse was the
wary pet and prime attraction of a grocery
in the seashore village of Mystic, south of
this town. It was a white mouse, too. It
sung usually in the evening, standing
erect on a dusky little shelf above the
molasses barrel at the back of the store.
The notes were as thin and fine and
sweet as the melody struck of! from the
tiniest wind harp. At times the mouse
sang every evening for a week, and again
it was silent for a week or ten days. The
storekeeper was very proud of the musi
cian, which not infrequently, when the
grocer was alone and all was very quiet in
the shop, tuned up a little concert for hia
sake alone. Its best singing, however,
was done on winter nights, when the
great baseburner threw showers of heat
and radiance into every corner of
the store, and the cracker-barrels
there were thronged with stalwart, cow
hided, longshore marines, who forebore
to spin yarns momentarily or omitted
their plug tobacco artillery practice be
cause they wanted to near the mouse sing.
The singing mouse lived in the store for
more than a year. The grocer has notions
that the grocery cat has ideas about its
mysterious disappearance.
Still another singing mouse has been re
ported in the history of the Nutmeg State.
It sojourned in a village dwelling in the
Connecticut Valley, but history has been
culpably remiss in recording this singer'B
accomplishments. In another home in
the valley a mouse built its nest and lived
some time in a young woman's piano, but
the mouse did riot sing.
A Singing Hen.
J. W. Walker of McConnelJsville, Ohio,
has a remarkable hen. Ruby, as she is
called, is a genuine Plymouth Hock fowl,
and she has taken more than one prize for
the purity of her breed and other good
qualities. What is not generally known
about her is that she sines, As soon aa
Ruby hears the sound of the piano she
will "start on the run from wherever she
may be and scamper up the steps and en
ter the house by the door or window as op
portunity serves. She is a great pet with
the only child of the family, and if the lit
tle girl wishes for her company or desires
to display Ruby's talents she will take her
up on the piano-stool beside her, where
from that much prized position Ruby will
hold forth.
She will roll her head from side to side,
croak and croon, sometimes softly and
sometimes loudly, but always following
the music and apparently with rapture at
her own performance. Nor is she soon
tired of singing either.- She will keep it
up as long as the accompanist is willing
to play, and even alter a lengthy perform
ance "retires relnctantly. — Philadelphia
Times.
Easter New arrivals give
Dress added luster to
Silks, the already large
and beautiful stocks of
Silks now on exhibition
at both of the K. S. F.
stores — Special price low-
erings for the Easter sell-
ing. These lines are un-
usually good bargains.
DRESDEN DRESS SlLK— Lace-Uke pat-
terns, upon which are woven floral de-
signs, correct copies of Dresden china
painting— six colorings to select from —
width 21 inches— were $1 25. An Easter'
effering at $1 yard.
FANCY DRESS SILKS-Novelty satin
stripe effects— evening or street shades—
about 20 pieces— none worth less than
$1 25. Special Easter offering at 75c
BLACK DRESS SILKS-The brocaded
Dresden and scroll designs— ior skirts or
full costumes— qualities cannot be dupli-
cated elsewhere under $1, $1 'J5 and if 1 50.
Special Easter offerings at 75c, $1 and
$1 25 the yard.
Wash Probably the
Waist most complete
Wonders, collection of
Wash Shirt Waists in
San Francisco — No back
numbers at reduced prices
— but newest, daintiest,
jauntiest, at the prices of
poorer kinds. Both stores.
OUR $1 50 SHIRT WAIST— The medium
price— French fast-color percal' 1 or fl pe
dimity— made to tit— Bishop sle- * cs < ll 'K n
turn-down collars, matched yoke" an< i
other up-to-date features— collars nnrt cuffs
same material or white linen -laundered
perfectly— no starched lumps 0* stretched
edges— greens, blues, yellows, j-inks, etc
Other Shirt Waists from 50c to $3.
Novelty Belts.
WHITE KID BELTS— NorMng newer or
more stylish— width 1 14 inches. 35c each.
PATENT "CANTSLIP" LEATHER BELTS
—black or tan— patent fastener holds in
place— l% inches wide. *>0« each.
METAL BELTS— Changeat'ie rainbow color
effects— latest Paris novelty— l luch wide.
60c each.NOVELTIES IN THE REALMS
SCIENCE LITERATURE
AND
ART
WITHIN one month from the
present date of writing there
will be running in Washing
ton, New York and probably
in other cities, says the Wash
ii -non correspondent of the St. Louis
• iiobe-Democrat. iarge, handsome wagons
without horses for the collection, and dis
tribution of mail matter. There has been
sufficient experimental work to warrant
this assertion.
These horseless mail wagons are called
motorcycle?. The power which will pro
: o! them will be either naphtha or elec
-icity, with a preference for naphtha, and
- fragona themselves wiil be the same
THE NEW HORSELESS DELIVERY WAGON.
long, narrow mail vehicles which are used :
now as "postal cars" on the street railways
of many cities.
The project of the horseless vehicle for
mail matter has been on foot for six
months. General Neilson of Washington
has been working at it and interesting
capitalists. It is not a capitalistic enter
prise by any means. It is a means to as- ;
Btst the Government, but the United '
States rioe-? not appropriate any money ]
"for experimental purposes," and when i
new thins? are to be adopted they mast be i
tried first before the Government will take j
them up. It is the arduous task of finding \
moneyed people to build the horseless ,
mail vraeons and experiment with them, '
that has co long delayed the horseless
postal-car project.
The plan of the n°w motorcycle isacom
riiex and remarkable one. So strange does i
it read that it sounds more like a chapter
from an advanced "Looking Backward" or
a paragraph from "Wonderland" than the
doings of the year 1896. If all works well i
this machine will mark a greater epoch in j
progressive history than the telephone
did and will be second only to the tele
graph and steamboat.
The plan of the motorcycle begins with
a postal car. This, for Washington, will
tea long one; for New York a smaller
one, and for different cities according to
their situation and size. A hilly <-ity, with
irregular streets, can use a smaller oar to
better advantage than a long one. Level
ciiies, with broad streets, can handle a long
car easily.
The Washington car will he twelve feet
long, about six feet wide and <ix feet hieh.
Tin- will mate very good dimensions. The
color will probably' not be white. "I do
not want to say'wbat the color will be,"
said an official of the New York postom'ce,
speaking of the new motorcycle, "but I
gnould say it will be some distinctive
shade that will be handsome, yet tell the
siory of the United States mail service."
The inside of the car will be arranged
like the inside of any mail car. There will
be a counter for sorting the mail, a seat for
the man who sorts, pigeon-holes overhead
and certain strongholds for containing reg
istered and other valuable mail matter.
It will be complete.
The work of the horseless mail car will
begin at the time of starting out. The
motorman will turn the lever that sets the
car going, will place his feet upon the
steering gear and will head for the nearest
letter-box. "Tapping the letter-box" is
the term applied to gathering up the mail
from a box.
It is probable that the driver will "tap"
the box. Through a window he will
throw the mail inside to the sorter, who
will receive it on the fly and go to work
upon it. Meanwhile the car has started
on a keen run toward the next letter-box.
Here it gathers up more mail and tosses it
inside to the sorter, and BO on to all toe
boxes on the route. The sorter meanwhile
is working as fast as he can, and so much
must be said for hi.s agility in handling
Sorting Letters in the New Horseless
Delivery Wagon.
mail matter that by tha time the next box
is reached he ha* sorted the mail from the
last m x He works like lightning and
■ es -.uire orilv a flash upon tbe letter to
determine its destmaliou. Just as quickJy
his trained fingers place it in the right
pigeon-hole.
When these horseless wagons return to
their headquarters, which in lare;e cities is
a sub-station, or sub-postoftice, the mail is
taken out and placed in the different
pouches to be carried to stations and sent
outward to the different destinations.
Horseless wagons again come into play in
carrying the mail pouches to the trains to
connect with the mail cars.
Such an interest is beine taken in this
new postal delivery by foreign cities that
letters arrive daily at the Washington
postofiice from different parts of Europe
asking what success has been achieved.
and urging the advancement of so brilliant
a thing.
The plan of running the motor-car is a
: simple one. No experienced motorman
will be needed, though before being put in
charge the motorman must show his in
telligence. There will be a lever, which he
pulls to set the car going and which he
reverses to stop it. The steering-gear is
simple.
The cost of operating is slight and will
; save the general p >stoftice enough money
to meet the annual postoffice deficit.
The new motorcycle now being experi
t mented with at Washington is kept as
i secret as possible. Pictures of it are not
j distributed, but enterprising artists have
; caught glimpses of it and have penciled
its design. Within a few weeks it will be
! a common si?ht all over the country, and
will be used as rapidly as new cars can be
built.
An Instrument for Carving;.
A Parisian bousefurnisher is now intro
ducing a novel little appliance for the
Scissors for Carving Game.
carving at the table of chicken and other
smali fowl. The new instrument is com
posed of a long, curved blade, to which a
very much shorter blade is fastened in
Cutting Up a Chicken.
scissors fashion. This will permit the
host to carve the chicken properly and to
sever the joints and clip thin bones with
thf greatest ease and absolute absence of
dilliculty.— Philadelphia Record.
Perpetual Motion.
A James County boy is said to have dis
covered the long-sough t-for "perpetual
motion."
The latest claimant for this honor is
Bert Rowell, atred 20 years, who lives on
hi 3 father's farm in James County, about
twenty miles from Chattanooga. He has,
by a comoination of cogs, wheels, springs,
etc., produced a machine which of its own
volition, -without assistance, has been run
ning for several weeks.
When Howell returns from his plow at
the end of each day he finds his little ma
chine running as thougn for dear life.
When he arises from his bed in the morn
ing that little mystery is found to be still
at its incessant work, and it keeps up its
movements from day to day as though it
were tryins to annihilate time.
Young Howell thinks he has produced
perpetual motion, and is so jealous of his
secret that he has his machine nailed up
securely in a box, and the only part visible
is a snaft, to which a flywheel is attached.
The wheel never stops in its endless whirl.
Attachments have been mada to teveral
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
! coffee-mills of neighboring farmers, and
I the work of grinding goes rapidly on.
Howell is a poor boy, having no money
I with which to Have his devise patented,
| and a neighbor has furnished the neces
sary funds for the purpose. A duplicate
:is now at Washington in the Patent
! Office. He has been offered sums of $5 and
i $10 to open the box and let others see his
! machine, but refuses until his patent is
! procured or other papers received protect
ing his rights. — Chattanooga .Sews.
Effect of Plants in Sleeping-Rooms.
The question as to the effect of plants in
I sleeping apartments on the health of the
i occupants would seem to have been satis
factorily determined by recent tests at a
London" conservatory. In the latter, con
taining some 6000 plants, in the middle of
the day oxygen had so far increased on
the carbon dioxide that out of 10,000 parts
chemical examination proved only 1.40 to
be carbon dioxide, whereas the normal pro
portion of the purest air is about four parts
in 10,000. After being shut up tome
twelve hours the air in the greenhouses at
noon thus proved to be surcharged with
oxygen. The same air was analyzed just
j before sunrise and the carbonic dioxide
' had so far gained on the oxygen that the
proportion ot it was almost exactly four
j uer 10,000. Taking, therefore, the twenty
■ four hours round, the day is found just
. about to balance the night.
To Have the Right of Way.
More than 100 Chicago physicians have
! obtained permits under an ordinance re
j cently passed by the Council giving them
i the right of way in the streets. The new
departure seems to be popular with the
doctors, and every man who called and
obtained a permit and paid 50 cents for a
little badge with a red cross upon it ex
pressed himself as pleased with the plan.
The ordinance is known as the ambu
lance ordinance. It contains a provision
that every physician having a permit and
displaying a badge to be procured from the
City Clerk shall have the right of way for
hiniselfand his vehicle in the streets as
against all processions, persons, vehicles
or animals when answering professional
calls. City Clerk Van Cleave has pre
| pared a neat badge witu a red cross upon
■ it, with the words: "Physician, Chicago,"
, and the number of the permit.
A Marine Freak.
Secretary Herbert has directed the test
at the New York Navy-yard of a machine
designed to send a vessel through the
water without propellers. It will be fitted
'. in a 28-foot boat, that being the choice of
the inventor, though the department de
sired to use a 104-ioot boat now at the
yard. By burning oil a gas is generated,
which is allowed to enter a cylinder. There
it is ignited by means of a spark. The
fo>-ce of repeated explosions drives the
piston up and down. As a result of the
explosion a jet of air is blown out of a
tube in the stern of the vessel and the re
sistance of the water causes the boat to
forge ahead. The engineering experts say
that the invention, which has been
tried privately, has not given very good
results, and they do not believe it will be
useful for naval purposes. The inventor
claims it will be of service in torpedo
boats and will drive them with phenome
nal speed.
What Cathode Means.
Let us first Bee what we mean by the
term cathode. If we should break the
tiny filament of an Edison incandescent
lamp at the middle of the glowing loop
the light would go out. If, now, we con
nect the two ends of the broken filament to
the poles of a battery of a great many
thousand voltaic cells, such as are com
monly used to ring house-bells, we should
be able to light the lamp again, not by in
candescence, but by a feeble glow which
Eervades the whole bulb. The ends of the
rokeh filament would glow — and the glow
at one end of the filament would be
different in appearance from that of
the other. The broken filament, by
means of which the electrical energy
enter* the bulb, is called the anode, and
the filament by means of which, in or
dinary language, it leaves the bulb, is
called the cathode. Now the great pe
culiarity of the cathode rays is this — they
seem to be independent of the position of
the anode, and they stream out from the
cathode like the beam of a searchlight,
striking the walls'of the inclosing vessel. —
Professor John Trowbridge in the April
Scnbner's.
A Word to the Scornful.
Scorn not, O proud of earth, tne lowly born
Because tby lot is cast amo c the great.
If God should exercise that self-same scorn,
What thinkest thou indeed would be thy fate?
John Kendbick Bangs, in Harper's Weekly.
To Foil the Burglar.
The invention of useful trifles has often
been the foundation of large fortunes, and,
to judge by its instantaneous success, the
novelty described here will handsomely
pay its originator. Small enough to
be carripd in the vest pocket, this
little appliance will effectually pre
vent the picking of the lock by a burglar
while it is slipped over the key on the
inside of the door, and at the same time
peeping through the keyhole becomes an
impossibility. These two qualities alone
insure great popularity to the little inven
tion, which is quite simple and cheap.
A circular disk, shaped like the cover of
a watchcase, only a little larger, is cut
into, as shown in the cut, a small lid turn
ing on a pivot being fastened over the cen
ter of the disk. Ween to be used it is
The Burglar Foiled.
simply slipped over the key, which is al
lowed to remain upon the inside of the
door, and the little lid turned around ao
as to hold the disk to the key. aince the
key is held in position a burglar cannot
possibly throw it into the room; he will
simply fruitlessly attempt to revolve the
key from the outside without the possibil
ity of inserting a skeleton key of his own.
Grant's Troubleiome Soldier.
General Grant used to tell a story of a
soldier in a certain regiment during the
war who was continually bothering him
by asking favors. Grant one day said
to him: "Look hsre; I believe you are the
most troublesome man in the Union
army."
The man quickly replied : "Why, that's
funny, sir."
"Funny? How do you make it out
funny?"
"Because it's just what the enemy says
about you."— Harper's Round Table.
To the Pole by Balloon.
Herr 8. A. Andree, who proposes to start
in a balloon from Spitzbergen in June or
July next for the north pole, has submit
ted to the Geographical Society or Stock
holm drawings of his balloon and of the
bouse which is to be built in order to pro
tect it from the wind while it i 3 being filled
with gas. The upper part of the balloon is
covered by a cap of oilcloth. In the cen
ter there is a wooden point, holding the
stron : iron ring to which the ropes of
tne network are fastened, while a little
below the middle oi the balloon is a large
belt, which is intended to give strength
against the pressure of the wind. When
the lower part becomes empty of gas the
wind produces a hollow in the balloon,
having the same effect as a sail. The
diameter of the balloon is 21^ yards, the
volume nearly 5000 cubic yards. It has
The House in Which the Balloon Will Be
Filled With Gas.
been possible to make the balloon smaller
than was at first intended on account of
the excellence of the material obtainable.
The wicker ba-ket is one story high, round
and roofed, and contains sleeping accom
modations for two persons, the third
voyager being always on the watch. The
mattresses are intended to serve as buoys
in the event of lhe expedition bein<r sub
merged. Within the net in the mainsail
and outside there are other sails stretched
on bamboo poles, the whole sail area
being ninety-four square yards, or a
quarter of the cross-section of the balloon.
The sail is attached by three straps to the
How the Balloon Will Be Released From
Its liouse.
btrong iron ring and stoops forward so that
the wind tends to lift the balloon. The
fixing points of the drag-ropes are mov
able, and thereby the direction of the
balloon can rapidly be changed. It is in
tended to maintain if possible a height of
from VjG to 218 yards. Each of the three
drag-ropes has a lencth of 436 yards, and
at the distance of each 100 meters there are
weak points, at which they may be torn
if the balloon should catch anywhere.
These weak points are protected by metal
rings which can easily be seen from the
The Balloon.
balloon. It will only be necessary to ob
serve how much time elapses while two of
these metal rings pass the same spot in
order to learn the speed at which the bal
loon is traveling. At the top is the "cave"
or storeroom for the provisions. The bal
loon carries 4400 pounds of ballast, pro
visions for four and a half months, a boat,
clothes, suns, and ammunition for 1500
shots. From Spitzbergen to Bering Sound
the passage could be made in six days,
but thirty days will be allowed. The
material of which the balloon is made is
so excellent that the balloon should be
able to float for a period of 900 days. Herr
Andree'B colleagues in this daring expedi
tion will be Dr. N. G. Ekholm and Herr
N. Strindberg. — London Graphic.
To Peel Oranges.
An ingenious little instrument of much
practical value has been patented in
France and is freely sold by cutlers and
silversmiths there. It ia an orange-peeler
of novel form. There are practically three
instruments combined in one — an ordinary
knife-blade along the back of the instru
ment, a short hook sharpened to an edge
on the inside and a little round
edge in the point of the hook. The
oranse is taken in the left hand and the
short hook is then inserted in the rind and
drawn down straight, care being taken to
follow the lines of the sections of the fruit
Orange-Peeler.
down to almost its base. The inner edge
of the hook cuts the rind, which is
loosened by the hook, and if the points of
the section of skin thus cut are taken be
tween the thumb of the rii'ht hand and
the flat edge the skin is easily detached.
Several oranges peeled in this way and
arranged on a plate make a very artistic
effect on the dinner table.
Various Notes.
Herr Notbe. a German scientist, is said
to have discovered a means of cultivating
the nitrogen-absorbing bacteria which are
the cause of the assimilation by legumin
ous plants of the atmospheric nitrogen,
and he believes that the productiveness of
certain soils can be increased by sowing
these bacteria. As the experiment would
cost the farmer ?2 50 an acre, he is not
likely to try it on an extensive scale.
Lieutenant Schloback has entered upon
the survey of the German railroad in East
Africa, of which so much is expected. It
is to start from Dar-es-Salaam, traverse
the populous Ukemi district, and thence
go on to Tabora, via Mpwapwa. From
Tabora there are to be two distinct
branches, one westward to Lake Tan
ganyika, the other northward to Lake Vic
toria Nyanza.
J. W. January, formerly Postmaster at
Minonk, 111., is said to be the only man
living that ever amputated both of his
own legs with his own hand and afterward
recovered.
A Republic reader residing near Coving
ton, K.y., tells of one A. J. Driver who had
his stomach opened and a spoon taken
therefrom by Dr. E. W. Walker in Cincin
nati in 1857."
The photograph was foreshadowed by
the experiments made on light's effect on
chloride of silver as long ago as the begin
ning of the sixteenth century.
An ancient tomb opened on an island off
the coast of Italy in December last re?ealed
the bones of a two-headed human being
who had been over eleven feet in height.
tickles, billhooks, rakes, forks, axes,
spades, blacksmiths' tonirK, hammers, sol
dering irons, planes, shovels, etc., have
been found in Pompeii, remarkably like
those used to-day, but the most wonderful
things found are* the surgical instruments,
beautifully executed, and exactly similar
to some recently patented and reinvented.
The Pompehans had also wire ropes of
perfect construction.
M. Perrotin, director of the Mount
Mounier Observatory, near Nice, has made
some observations confirming Schiaparel
li's view that the planet Venus rotates on
her axis every 200 days or so, that is to
say, in about the period of her revolution
round the sun. Perrotin makes the time
from 195 to 224 days.
Near the Kermedec Islands, 500 miles
northeast of Auckland, New Zealand,
Captain Balfour of H. M. S. Penguin has
taken a sounding of 5155 fathoms, or 30,
--930 feet. The bottom was red clay.
The Journal of Hygiene says that lemon
ade is the most perfect of drinks and that
it ought to be substituted for tea, coffee
and alcohol. These are the Journal's di
rections for making it: For a quart take
the juice of three lemons and the rind of
one of them. Carefully peel the rind very
thin, getting just the yellow outside; cut
this into pieces and put with the juice and
powdered sugar in a jug or jar with a
cover. When the water 19 at boiling point
pour over the lemon and sugar; cover and
allow to cool.
M'OOOK AND THE SOLDIEB.
The General Found a Lad Who Would
Keep Up With Him.
Brimful of funny anecdotes that had no
chestnutty flavor was the speech of General
St. Clair Mulholland at the Second Corps
banquet at the Shoreharu Friday night.
The Irishman largely preponderated in
these anecdotes, of which a couple of
specimens from the memory of a guest
will be found below.
McCook's regiment was in front of the
enemy, and expecting to make an attack
next morning. He mounted his horse to
ride down to the picket line and examine
the situation. With this purpose in view
he called for a soldier to accompnny him
and the commanding officer made a de
tail.
McCook was astonished when a little
red-headed fellow rode up to him and
touched his cap, ready for this service,
for he was a mere boy, weighing not more
tban seventy-five pounds and looking
scarely bigger than the Sharps rifle he
carried.
"You going with me?" asked McCook.
The lad saluted and replied in the affirm
ative.
"We're going right to the front," said
the officer. "Do you know that it is very
dangerous?"
"Vis, yer honor," said the youth.
"Have yon been under fire?" inquired
the officer.
"I have, yer honor."
"Did you suppose you have the backbone
to keep'up with me wherever I go?"
"I'll tbry, sir; that's why I'm Bint, sir.
An' if it's heavy firm' an' we get among
the bullets and ye're kilt you won't be in
h — half a minit before I come a-tappin' at
the window."
They went to the front.— Washington
Post.
llepepl
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
IN THE SHRIMP BUSINESS.
Thrifty Trade Done by a Mongolian
Fisherman.
The boatman for the Chinese fishing
camp on the bay shore of Contra Costa
County is known as "Charley," notwith
standing the fact that he was born in the
flowery kingdom over fifty years ago. He
has been in this country over thirty years
and has devoted the greater portion of
that time to transporting shrimps. Nearly
everybody in San Francisco who indulges
in shrimps has eaten some that Charley
has carried in his boat, for his camp ships
three-fourths of all that come to this City.
It is over twenty-five years since Charley
took his first load from camp to San Pablo
and he has never missed a day since. No
Charley Ready to Land at San Pablo.
[From a sketch.]
matter what the weather may be or how
the tide may run, every morning he can
be seen pulling or rowing over the ten
miles of water in his large, peculiar lock
ing boat. And he always had it loaded to
its full capacity. At San Pablo the shrimps
are hauled to the railroad and shipped to
dealers in San Francisco.
Charley's boat is different from anything
NEW TO-DAT.
MISS MARIE STCDHOLME, the English actress, now in this country, has beauttfnl teeth. J
OnFebrnarvao 1806. she wrote of SOZODOXT: "... It makes pretty teeth, as I can most J
heartily testify." Wnat SOZODOXT does for her It wilt do for others A small sample free if
you mention this publication. Address, HALL* RUCkEL, Wholesale Drugtfsta, Xew\orkCitr. i
! RAILROAD TRAVEL:
BIG REDUCTION II RATES BY RAIL
'/'■'-■' '■" ....TO
FORTXjAIVD, OR.
SUNDAY MARCH 29, i
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 p. m. ■
Ar ft It— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
wDiUU Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In JtJiA.O9
Pullman Standard Sleeper, ♦IP-'-" — -
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
genders at intermediate stations, nor will tickets as
sold or baggage checked to such, points.
aar Through Tickets for Paget Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further Information apply at
613 MARKET STP.KET (Grand Hot«l
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
SOUTHERN fACIFIC COMrAJflf.
(pacific ima,)
Train* leave »n<l »re due to arrive at
; SAN FRANCISCO.
leave — From March 23, 1836. — arrive
~7:00a Atlantic Express, Og«len and Kast.. 8:43p
7:OOa Benicia, Vacaville, Kurcsey. Sacra- _
monto, and Redding via Davis.... 7:ISP
7:00 a Martinez. San Ramon, Nap*, Calis-
toga and Santa Kosa. :.... «:13r
8«3Oa Niles, .San .lose, Stockton, lone,
... :. , Sacramento. Marjstillo. Ue<l JJlufl ■■
and Sundays excepted Oroville.... \:\7*v
•8: SO a Peters an.l Mi1t0n.................. 7:ljp
9t«»A Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
-■■■■■• ---•-■ Barbara and l.os Angeles .* : r
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:13 a
9:OOAVaUejo « : }?*
l:OOp Kites, San Jose and Livermore...... »:■!.» a
*l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers «O:OOp
Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45p
4:ooi> Martinez, San llauiou. Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, El Verano and
SautalU»a 9jls>
4:OOp Benicia, Esparto, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville -
Oroville and Hucramento »or€3A
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Livermore and -. ■
Stockton. 7:13p
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno XI:4OA
5:0 Op New Orleans lixureca.Fresuo.Bakers-
field. Kaiita IJarl).iv.i,LoB Angeles,
Demii if, El Paso, New Orleans and
East.. 10j13a
B:00p Santa Fu Route, Atiantio Express
• for Mojave and East .■10:15 a
5:00p Vallejo "■ l A : ! r>A
* 6:O«p 15uropean Mail, Ogdeu and East.... 9:45 a
6:OOplli«ywartls, Niksand Sau J05e...... 7:45 a
J7:«0pVa1iej0..................; t<!'*3P
7:00p Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marjs- :
ville, Reading, Portland, Puget
Sound and East .•....';. ........... J«:-I3a
«J10:05p " Sunset t Limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'.es, El Paso,, New Orleans
an.l Ear*. ■■.■•. t»2:-*3P
SANTA i:Ut!Z I>1V1>1(» (Narrow <i;tusci. :
17:45 a Sar.t-* Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ...... JB:osp
8:15 a Nenrark,Centervil!o,.San .lose.Feltou,
• : s - ; Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way •■ -;
Stations ................:..... 3j3Of
•2:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, lioulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n5.... ............ ....•....:.-.. # 11:a0A
4:1 5 r Newark San .loso and Los <,atos...': 0:50*
(HUM DIVISION ( Uiinl A. Tounscnil Sts.)
0:43 a .San Jose un<l Way Stalious (New "
- Almadon Wednesdaysonly)....... 1:45p
Bilsa Kan .lute, Tre« l'iuoa, S:mU Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, San
: Luis ( 'Ms-, Guadalupe ami Prin-
cipal Way Stations .............. 7:05p
1O:4Oa Sau .losi: mid Way Stations. 5:00p
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations.......; 3:30p
•2:3« - Kan Jose, Gilroy, Trcs I'inos, .? ta
< Jruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacfile
Grove ....'I 0:40 a
•3:30r Sail Jose iimll'rincipal Way Stations !>:l7a
•4:30r Ban Joso ami Way Stations **:<>(>*
5:30p San Jose ami Way 5tati0n5......... •S:4Ba
'■ , 6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 0:35 a
fll:43i' San .losaarnl Way 5tati0n5. ........ t?:4sp
SAN LKAMtUO AMI IiAVWAUUS LQ<!AL.
i*6:OOAV v ( /7:SSA
8:00 a j t9:4r, \
1o!ooa Melrose, Seminary Park, JiiisA
*"-oSp Fitehb rg,S»m esiidro« ",f:]gj
tISSp "* - l^p
■3SJ H.yw.rd«. «;»g-
-7:OOp U ■■'■'■■ B:J3p
; »:OOi' i Runa through to Nilcs. . loisoi'
ttll-l.lp; tFromNiles.  >: . [ tti2:oor
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRiKCISCO Foot of Mirket Street (Slip S)—
•7:15 v 0:00 11:00 a.M. Jl:00 ' *2:00 ' 13:00
•1:00 •: $5:00 *6:00 p.M. • , • r.
From OlKliW— Foot Bro»dw«y.— - ' - *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 '1:00 42:00 *3:00 Ji:00
«3:00 p.M. ■ .-.■■: _:.-■- '■. ... : ■■• :-• .-•
■" : A for Morning. . P for Afternoon. r '- i '•'
• Sundays accepted. . : 1 Saturdays only.
-. - J Sundays only. . .^fTuesdiyj only. <\.\
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. - ■■ ■
on the bay, and appears to be a combina
tion of Italian fishing vessel and Chinese
junk. But no matter what it looks like it
is certainly a good sea boat, for it has been
seen on the bay when the surface was a
seething mass of foam, and the waves
were so high the big river steamers would
not venture out. The vessel rides like a
cork, and the sail, with its cumbersome
ribs of wood, has withstood the hardest
gales that ever blew in that locality.
When the weather is fine Charley adds
to his income by making purchases for
people that live along the shore of the
bay. He stops on his way to San Pablo
ami asks what is wanted, and on the way
back delivers it. He is a good-natured
Chinaman, and always has something in
his pocket for the children at the house
w.'iere he stops.
The white people who know Charley say
that he is the strongest man they ever
saw. He will pull his 24-foot boat against
the tide as if it were a 100-pound skiff. The
loads he carries frequently weigh more
than a ton.
He Had It Yet.
"You must not touch the top of the
baby's head," said a mother to her four
year-old boy. "She has a soft spot there
that is very tender."
The youngster gazed at it curiously for
a moment and then asked :
"Do all babies have soft spots on their
heads?"
"Yes."
"Did papa have a soft spot on the top of
his head when he was a baby?"
"Yes," replied the mother, with a sigh,
"and he has got it yet."
And the old man, who had heard the
conversation from an adjoining room,
said:
"Yes, indeed he has, my dear boy, or he
would be a single man to-day." — Spare
Moments.
One Dead.
A good joke happened to a certain doc
tor the other day.
He ordered some very powerful medicine
for a sick boy ; and the father, not liking
the appearance of it, forced it down the
cat's throat.
Wben the doctor called again and in
quired if the powder had cured the boy,
the father replied :
"No; we did not give it to him."
"Good gracious!" said the doctor, "is
the child living?"
"Yes ; but the old cat isn't— we gave it to
her!" — Spare Moments.
On January 1 the armies of the world
numbered nearly 4,500,000 men.
RAILROAD TRAVELS
SATOWIiORTepT-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 A. if.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. H.
' SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a.m.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. M. and 6:35 P. M. : ;. ,\
! SUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00,6:25 P.M.
' Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park same
schedule as above. ■ :
.Leave T «._ t 1 Arrive
I San Francisco. | oct! 28, j San Francisco.
I Week I Sun- g^fnltion Sox- i Wkek
Days. | days, "egJnatlon. DAYB | DAYg
7:4oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am < 8150 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pieta,
Hopland &
7:40 am 8:00 am UkiaL 7:30 pm; 6:15
7:40 am 1 10:30 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm!
3:30 pm I 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I Glen Ellen. |
7:40 AM 8:00 am; c ehaHtonol 1 10:40 AM i 10:30 AM
3:30 PM 5:00 pm 608810 I 6:05 pm: 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bollnas. .
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Lakeport. •
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Blaa
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bras:)?, Usal, Westport,
Cahto. Wllletts, Calpella,' Porno, Potter Valley, John
, Day's, Li vely's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
- and EnreKa.
■ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
' rates. -•'■■■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points 00-
-j yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, % R. X. RYAN,
.. t Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic *^te§>
Pscific i^^^^^S
RAItROAD \ilttL**^llilll
Trains leave from and arrive <jJ\£gSa^T£uEJJ£%
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chrcago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves I every day at 5 p. Km carrying PnUman
! Palace Sleeper* and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
i via Kansas City without change. Annex can for
Denver and St. Louis. : - _^^
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
nnder Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. dally.
i The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
: and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlniag-
Car3 ' Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
;■■■.: - "••■"..-.■•■■ Chronicle Building.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sansalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Comni< March 29, 1896.
;'• WEEKDAYS.
. For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, •Boo
*9:15 10:15, "11:45. a. m.; *1:45, 3::0, 4:15,
' 5:15. *t>:o<>. P.M. ■
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 :3O P. m.
• ■;■.:■;■..■--■,-■' .■.■;.-•: • "SUNDAYS. ' ■
For Mill '■ Valley , and San Rafael— *B :oo, *9:00,
•10:00, 11:3!) A. M.;**i^:3J. *1 :SO, *2:15, *4:00,
5:30, 6:45,8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Sauaalitoat
11:00 a. m. v '.-,. '1 ■■<■■;■:■
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. **12:30
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. .
■ THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 p. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
8:00 a. M. Sundays— and way stations.
' 0:00 a. M. Sundays— Point Reyes ana way stations. .
2526
ANOTHER Lenten week has passed
and Easter is almost here, but
now comes the long solemn
week observed by all the Chris
tian world, and during it no
large affairs will take place, but we will
probably continue to hear discussed the
latest engagements, the reception which
will follow a certain quiet home wedding,
the last luncheon at the University Club,
the most lovely hats seen at the openings,
the merits of small sleeves over large ones
and the hang of the most fashionable
skirts; so topics of conversation are not
lacking.
Almost every day in Easter week is
already crowded with engagements, and
on every side we hear of teas, lunch, card,
dinner and theater parties, and speaking
of theaters reminds me that on Wednes
day the Century Club gave a pretty recep
tion to Mrs. Royle, who has made many
friends in tnis City by her charming and
unaffected manners. This same club has
also issued invitations for its annual break
fast, invitations for it being always in
j:reat demand, as they are always for the
D. A. R. receptions.
I hear rumors of more than one stag
dinner which wiiJ be given in the near fu
ture, but of course such things do not in
terest us. However, the charity concert
will be so excellent, I hear, that all will
readily part with &orne of their ducats to
help tbe good cause. The list of patron
esses makes its success a foregone conclu
sion.
Gowns for bridesmaids and the sweetly
pretty graduates will shortly command
our serious attention, ana one lovely New
York maiden will wear at a wedding
which takes place Easter week a delightful
French gown, composed of a new silk
>;auze wonderfully ethereal in texture. It
looks as though the threads composing ir
were made of woven sun and moon beams.
It is made over a lustrous buttercup satin,
the sleeves being composed entirely of
Marechal Niel roses; they are moderately
large and scarcely reach the elbow. Rose
petals and rose leaves trim the bodice, and
they are used with rare artistic results, as
the whole dress is so delicately beautiful
as to be quite fit for Queen Mab,
but a word picture does it injustice.
"With it will be worn slippers of
yellow satin and a hat made to go with it,
a dream composed of roses, lace and dew
drops, and when have we ever seen such
artificial flowers as can now be purchased?
They are marvels of artistic beauty, and
wonderful are the filagree laces which are
indeed costly novelties, being of gold or
silver which "imitates perfect. y the gold
and silver work of the Deccan and also the
filigraine employed by the lovely daugh
ters of Holland to make their becoming
peasant caps with," and far from Oeing
stiffy it is soft and pliable and falls in grace
ful folds. But to return to my graduates —
the most youthful, those wno still have
& few years of school before them, they
Bhould wear only simple gauzes, organdies
or muslins made up in a youtnful
manner, but for those about to l^ave
college glace taffetas and Dresden
silks are sometimes appropriate with
white or light grounds, as in most
cases after graduation comes the
debut, when a bud is trnly attractive in
snowy white with just arose or so. Young
girls make such a mistake in desiring to
dress like young women who were buds
some six or eight years ago. However,
few girls can be made to realize the fact
that the white muslin, so much talked
about, has a rare and mysterious attrac
tion for almost all men, and I suppose even
the "new girls" have not ceased to feel a
mild pleasure in being admired by the
masculine sex. I will leave the discussion
of the style for such frocks for a week or
so, as then I will be ready with the latest
styles.
All of us who have not as yet secured
our hats and bonnets still feel an interest
in millinery, and Vogue, I see, makes this
week a valuable suggestion : "As women
along the fifties have invariably gray if
not white hair, the proper selection of their
bonnets requires great care, without which
they are in danger of looking loud and
conspicuous. A black lace and jet bonnet
runs no danger of going amiss, neither
does one in black and gold, black and steel
or black and white. But as tulle bonnets
are to be the summer's rage, there is
further choice in dark blue, cranberry red,
ivy-green and orchid mauves. It is under
stood thai they are to be touched up with
lace flowers and ribbons In a way suitable
to mature year?."
A good imported hat for a young girl is
somewhat of the mushroom shape of chif
fon straw of shot heliotrope. Ribbon bows
and outspreading wings are in the center,
while on either side rests a spray of mauve
lilac, and at the back is a bunch of violets.
WhethfT we like it or not we are to wear
our hats well over our foreheads, for the
fashionable cachc-pelgne across the back
of all lame hats pushes them over the eyes,
completely concealing the front hair.
A noted French miiiiner nas just sent
out a larue black hat of sequin covered
crinoline; pleated chiffon ed^es the brim,
and bunches of rose-colored and white
azaleas nestle beneath and upon it. She
also produces a novt-1 effect in a picture
hat by placing black ostrich tips beneath
the brim so as to be visible at the sides.
This hat is adorned with black and cerise
tulle.
Moss green straw blended with black
chenilie is becoming to most women, and
the newest toques are so stylish that they
will be much in demand. For a garden
party one made of cream horsehair edeed
with Valenciennes lace, trimmed with
Binai! bunches of violet and completed by
a large upstanding bow of maize ribbon, is
said to L;e very fetching. Great bows of
chine or point adour ribbon form the
trimming for many a stylish hat in com
bination with a few bunches or sprays of
flowers.
For the ever-useful coat and suit com
bination the principal materials used are
eerge, alpaca and covert coating: however,
bine serge is really the most useful and be
coming, and those who ran afford it are
indulgin-z in the newest and smartest
waistdats, which are made of pleated
tulle, hanging from a bow at the neck.
These are delightful affairs, but even with
tlie greatest care will only last a week, if
worn daily. The best London tailors are
trying hard to introduce the close-fitting
coatsJeeves, but one of the swellest reports
that he recently made two coats with
quite tight sleeve, and had them returned
for large ones to be substituted, and it is
only in tailor suits that the really small
sleeve is likely to be tolerated. In other
gowns the sleeve puffed on the tnp holds
its own, the sole difference in outline con
sisting in the fact that the puff terminates
about six inches above the elbow, instead
01 below it.
An excellent example of the new sack
backed jacket, quite short, is to be ad
mired made in black poult desoie, lined
wit ti black place silk, the yoke striped
diagonally with jet; a kilted ruffle of net
round the neck tails with long ends in the
i^-nr-x; the sleeves have the same tinish at
THE LATEST
FASHION
GOSSIP
For Women
And
Men
the wrists. Another model of a loose short
coat has been designed of black satin, with
an applique of watered ilk. The fronts
are very narrow and are outlined with
black satin and display a wide vest of
black velvet with an applique of pearl
gray satin traced with silver, steel and
gold. The lame collar is cut in tabs round
the neck, while frills of lace fall over the
top of the sleeves.
An ideal coat is of the new blue Vene
tian cloth, with vest revers and cuff* of
mushroom-faced cloth, braided in blue of
the same tone as the coat. The lining is
ot a fancy glace silk. Another coat of blue
gros Venetian cloth is inlaid with biscuit
color, the collar being of blue velvet; on
the bottom of the coat the same kind of
Btrappmg is applied.
The Princess of Wales, who certainly
has good taste in dress, has just appeared
in a stylish jacket of fine soft black vicuna
cloth, which is made with very moderate
sized sleeves, the fronts hanging loose
and double breasted, li ve buttons being on
each side.
The truly charming young lady's
dinner dress illustrated on this page is
of pompadour China silk. Low bodice,
pointed in front, and extending at the
back into a short fluted basque of velvet
and brocade. The two tapering strip 3of
moss-green velvet are introduced to di
minish the size and lengthen the waist.
A lace edging borders the low bodice.
Torsades in satin ribbon cross the balloon
sleeves, veiled with silk gauze, and are fin
ished off on the shoulders with floral
sprays. The dark fawn-cloth gown has a
DARK FAWN CLOTu GOWN.
waistcoat of purple cloth, opening over |
white and fastened with tiny pearl but
tons; light fawn iloth revers.
Two bodices worthy of admiration and
imitation have just been completed and |
| both have the sleeves falling soitly from j
j the shoulders and are complete ■. with v
deep cuff. The most vivid colors are to be ,
used for home and evening wear, and we ;
are informed that we must, if well up in I
; what is correct, greet warmly the doable '
j bodice, to which I have not yet had the
i pleasure of an introduction, but one is de
li scribed as being of rich red petunia silk i
gathered from the waist and brou ht up i
: back and front to beneath the iirra, but j
I opening sliphtlv in front to show a full ■
! Ottoman soft silk covered with a chine
j design of the same petunia mixed with
I gold on a cream ground. The sleeves, as
i so many sleeves will this season, reach
| to the elbow with a bnttlemented cuff j
i turning upward. From the de=cription a :
I graceful garment for a slight figure, and I j
jam told it will suit the stout also. Of this j
i 1 have very serious doubts.
The new canvas c.'osely resembles crepon, !
but has a smoot er suriace and so will less i
readily catch the dust. This fabric sets I
i remarkably well and is admirably suited !
to the present style of skirt, which a!- j
though it rits closely around the hips the
hem has a considerable circumference, but
it is far more satisfactory now that more j
attention is given to placing the fullness j
properly.
The fashion of trimming with black vel
vet ribbons is a revival of an old fashion
and wiil be the thing th;s year, as it is to j
j trim dresses of every description and has I
been used wiih good results with small !
diamond buckles to stripe a corselet of ]
| turquoise blue cloth, which completed a ;
i dressy turquoise blue, which had a white j
j mousseline de soie fishu. This confection '
I was worn witn a large black hat to a wed
ding and had many admiring glances cast
upon it.
Black velvet ribbons of an infinitesimal
width trim the frills of many of the tichus
which beautify otherwise plain silk waists j
and blouses, such fichus beinj: made of
either chiffon, mousseline de soie or spot
ted net. It is also seen alternating with
frills and insertions of lace forming epau
lettes over plain sleeves and also vests in
tight, short-basqued bodices, but let us
hope that the tas ion may never be re
vived of wearing a band of black velvet
around the throat, for this style, although
becoming to most, causes many a lovely
throat to be orematurely wrinkled, and
black will darken the skin, so here let me
give a word of advice: io tie collar of
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
your dresses, if they are of any dark fabric,
sew a piece of white silk or white muslin,
for no French woman ever allows anything
dark to come in direct contact with her
skin. 1 exceedingly dislike dark or black
underwear, as white or li^ht colors seem
so much more appropriate, but for those
who wear it, let me assure you, you
will find that it darkens your skins per
ceptibly after a few months' wear.
Baby ribbon worked in a floral design is
! effective, although not new; however.it
! will appear not only on cotton materials,
j but on silken ones as well. Grass lawn so
j treated is simply exquisite and proportion
ately costly.
A bodice known as "the coat of mail"
I is formed of a very fine black straw plaited
! on a tulle foundation, interspersed with
j green, aud silver and gold sequins. At
! the neck and waist of this are bands of
! lime blossom green velvet, and the sleeves
are of crepe de chine. What a truly
unique and Parisian conception! A model
frock of alpaca canvas in dark blue has a
novel trimming of cornflower blue canvas
embroidered in white and lined with yel-
I low. Original also is a bodice of white
! glace silk, with an applique of chintz flow
i ers worked in colored silks and sequins;
j band 3of black velvet complete it at the
■ neck and waist. Purple, violet and helio
: trope are vying in favor with turquoise
i blue, as all such shades so charmingly
| combine with black and white.
Collars are now being sold separately in
| Paris, mounted on straight bands, cut into
■ points to turn down over a ribbon bow or
cravat, or "Windsor tie. The Windsor, the
! genuine article, is extremely easy to mani
-1 pulate and is less expensive than other
: styles, which is certainly a point in its
' favor, as the little extras mount up very
| considerably. Black ties should be of
i twill silk, with pointed ends. For slender
: women the belts of white kid or the belt
\ of suede are popular, as are also those of
! gold galoon, but these latter are suitable
only for more fanciful costumes for in
stance, a dress of the new canvas looks well
witn this touch of gold.
Stout women should avoid belts as much
as possible, only moderate ones of black
satin being at all becoming.
In spite of all contrary predictions capes
and mantles will hold their own, certainly
until autumn. Numerous are the beauti
ful models imported.
Our couturiers are gladly bidding adieu
to the heavy bro< ades, velvets and tapes
tries for ihe delightfully aerial gauzes,
mousselines de srie, dace silks and crepes,
which are certainly more in keeping with
the flowers and verdure. I must not for
get to give you a bit of information which
has just come under my observation in
Vo ue :
"There are some new materials to be
found here at present which almost eclipse
the i-ctais of the t'lossoras from which they
are copied. For instance, I saw a so-called
gauze de printempj so beautiful that it
seemed spun from moonbeams. The
pround is of an indescribably sweet shade
of palest silvery gray interwoven with the
sli litest suspicion of silver threads, ana
highly embroidered with clusters of spring
flowerets done in slender floss silk which
give no sign of having been touched by
human fingers. A gown made of this
gauze was draped deftly over a slip of
shell-pink sole glace fringed out at the bot
tom in imitation of a monster carnation,
and was finished off at the neck, the wrists
and the waist by corresponding ruches of
extreme fluffiness. The hat built to go
with this costume was of drawn pink gauze
covered with a shower of white and pale
lilac violets, knots of which were also at
tached to the corsage. Another and nearly
as pretty a stuff is ihe soie Casino, a very
brilliant and remarkably shimmering silk,
somewhat more consistent than the ordi
nary taffeta glace and adorned with moir
ures in a color contrasting with the ground
of the material.'
Such dress can be owned by but few of us,
but youth and beauty can be charming in
very inexpensive toilettes. This reminds
me that at one of our principal stores the
exquisitely fine organdies which sold ~ for
65 cents last summer are now being dis
posed of at less than ; 20 cents per yard,
and over an old silk evening gown or a
delicately tinted, sateen will be a joy as
long as fresh. Properly adjusted ribbons
make such a toilette positively smart. > '
All in vain does a woman adorn her per
son beautifully if she herself is not well
groomed i: and this covers very numerous
points,- for - instance, ' the well ; eroomed
wpm.'io v must" hava ; a : good •• complexion,
YOUNG LADIES' DINNER DRESS.
lovely hair and well-cared-for harms.
What a pity that so many are brightening
their hair, they must know that in a brief
time the result of even simple chemicals
will cease producing the desired result,
and stroneer onos will cer.ainly be a
necessity unless the once beautiful" hair is
to be grotesquely striped, so bo sensible,
girls, and let your hair alone, f >r all bright
ening processes will eventually spoil it
and hair dyes produce, only too often,
lamentable results.
We should wear our hair a la pompadour
and arrange it low in the neck in the figure
Bor in pretty little puffs. Yon see I have
given you one of the latest coiffures this
week, which will be found becoming to
most faces. Instead of the 8 may be worn
little finger-puffs, which require the skill
ful attention of a good maid or a hair
dresser.
The monogram and embossed cre«t,
which has begun to flourish in San Fran
cisco, is considered old-fashioned by New
Yorkers, for now "a seal carefully exe
cuted on the lefthand corner of the note
paper matches that on the envelope." So
we know what to do if we desire to be cor
rect from an Eastern sta ml point.
It is quite shocking to read that women
in England are becoming addicted to
gambling. An example is given of one
who lost, one Sunday evening, about
|1000, at Gun ton, Lonl Soffield'.* place. I
see another instance is quoted of a "fair
maiden," whose faiuer is a retired general
in straitened financial circumstances, who
lost $1400 at roulette.
Mrs. Lucia Kunkle is said to be not only
a literary woman, but also one of the best
whist-players in America, and Mrs. Sho
walterof Kentucky is reported to be the
greatest woman chess-player in this coun
try, is bat 1M years oid and was
taught chess by her husband.
Marcella.
FOE MEN.
Tne collar of dress coats should be of
cloth. The silk or satin facings of such
coats should be brought to the edge of the
lapel.
Spring suits for men show no radical
changes, but perhaps trie collars of the
waistcoats are to be slightly higher and
the jackets are not to be so long, and
trousers are to remain th ■• same width.
The spring overcoats are not so long as
those of last year. Tan covert cloth is
smart, but gray clot i is also in demand.
Suits for spring are seldom of late
made of black excepting for those in
mourning; then either serge or cheviot is
selected.
For a youth of 1G a frocK coat is too old ;
a cutaway of black vicuna or a rough
woolen cloth worn with gray trousers hav
ing a gray stripe is more suitable on occa
sions where men would wear a frock coat.
Extremists only are experimenting with
the vivid green and yellow shirts, and
apropos of shirts, some very stylish material
for them has just been received by a Mont
gomery street store. Highly glazed
zephyrs are to be avoided.
J'frab dress waistcoats are to be positive
ly worn quite extensively in London.
A tendency to individuality in dress at
the present moment is being very general
ly manifested, and speaking on these top
ics, "Him" remarks:
'"Men more or le3s adopt some little
variation which stamps them. For in
stance, take Crei^hton Webb, lie always
wears white ties. His Ascot* and flat
scan's are made of pongee silk, and his
evening t>s are just of a peculiar width
and length to enable him to arran.e them
in the ore-fa-hioneii bow. Like a number
of men Creighton Webb has his ties made
by a private tiemaker. Other men select
various desijzns or various patterns or
colors. One is a little squeamish about
purchasing a tie which one sees exhibited
at a haberdasher's, because one discovers
that a number of ot er men have the same
thing, and nothing exasperates me so
much as to find some one else with a tie
and a coat like mine. I must and will be
original. I have found, of cour-e, at many
haberdashers quite an assortment of silks
and stuffs from which I can order my ties
to i.c made. "
An attempt is being made to revive the
braiding of the edjres ol frockcoats. It
was an ugly style and should never be
countenanced.
Brown hats are coming in in London
and brown shoes appear o have had their
day. The siik hat>: are to have a decided
bell. C. C.
THE GOSPEL OF THE GROUND.
To-day I stretch me on the shadowed crass,
And hear my heart s:>y yet agiln to me
How sweet U is to iei the ba;l world be.
Float, float, it says, with lightest things that pass;
Leap with the gauze-winged vaultera; glass to
Klass.
Drink with the bees— mix in the revelry
Of those the mother ltmuh tenderly.
Her own, to whom she jjiveih all she has.
Aye, heart, we will forswear the old vain round,
forestall wise denth, bes.nke us to the jrround.
John- Vance Cheney, in Harper's Magazine for
March.
There is a black cat at present in the
sedate seclusion of the Hampton Court
cloisters which has spontaneously '"sworn
off" from all kinds oi flesh food. Its
favorite diet is uncooked scarlet runner
beans, which it cats as an Italian eats
macaroni. Cucumbers it likes, and carrots
which are boiled, out fruit it will not touch.
The Hampton Court cat seems to stand
alone in a partiality for food which none
of its race could hitherto be induced to
ookat.
BAB'S IDEA OF HUSBANDS
She Catalogues Them for the
Benefit of Complaining
Women.
THE KIND MOST WIVES PREFER
It Always Takes Two People to Make
a Married Home Perfectly
Happy.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 23, 1896.—
She was a very nice woman. And when I
read the dainty little letter I felt myself
growing taller, and it seamed as if my head
was growing just a bit bigger. Still, it was
rather a pleasant feeling. But what she
asked was a question easily answered,
"Are there any bad husbands?" I began
to think of the different ones. And first
of all there came before me the sullen
man. He's the one who comes home at
night with a growl and wakens in the
morning with a complaint. Neither of
these is loudly spoken, but he mutters
them with his teeth half closed, and his
wife wishes she knew how to make "dear
Charley perfectly satisfied. But dear
C arley is the sort of man who will net
be happy either in heaven or the other
place. At the breakfast-table the chil
dren have been taught not to speak for
fear they will irritate their father, and
at the dinner-table they don't appear at
all, not even when the other sweets come
on, for it is possible he is a little bit
more sullen and a little bit more hang-dog
looking than he was at breakfast. He's
been forced to associate with men all day,
and of course there is always the chance
of a man kicking him if he tri°s any of his
nasty business with him, but with the
little woman at home, whom he has prom
ised to love and protect, he feels at ease,
and finds no fault with himself when he
bullies, in hi- horrid, sullen way, the crea
ture that is bigirer and better in* every way
than himself. She can never get an opin
ion from him., a sullen look, words that
are muttered and a "grumpy" manner
being hh every-day conduct in his home.
Which <>f Dante's hells do you think he
will be found in when Gabriel's trumpet
sounds?
Next cam to my mind the fault-finding
man; the man who is never suited; the
man who, if you offer him mutton on
Tuesday night, wonders why it wasn't
served on Friday, and, if you happen to
have it on Friday, is surprised tuat you
didn't remember the cook and serve fish.
He isn't satisfied with your gown, and he
sends you off into a shower of tears by
reminding you of what he thought you
would he when he made love to you. He
forgets how he has changed— he forgets
that there is no possibility of suiting him.
If you are lively he makes the cheertnl re
mark that all women are gossips and never
stop talking. If you are quiet he wonders
what you are sulking about, and
if you try the happy medium of
mixing chatter and stillness he asks
where you got your wisdom from when
you talk, and he inquires wat
you are complaining about to yourself
when you keep quiet. He finds fault with
the cook, and you discharge her; then he
is surprised that you were such a fool,
with a very expressive adjective before it,
as to get rid of a woman who knew ;he
difference between grouse and pork, and
who could boil water well. He interferes
with your management of the children,
and the result is that they are impertinent
and can never be called good ; but this, of
NEW TO-DAY, f
/o^> Any one in San
MMk % '. Francisco using
JGsk Any one in San
mkS Francisco using
. J^gKM \ Gray/ Hair or Dan-
| (S|S|| ) drnff ; will receive
.? W.wSwiA their money in full
K'fli^fifif they are not
iliaiv * satisfied with re-
(P^|^ suits. ■_ .
MME. MARCHAND— DEAR MADAM: AT
your request, I have ; carefully . analyzed ■ your
Gray Hair Restorer..- In ray judgment it is an ef- I
fective preparation and will not injure the hair or
the general health. 1 can cheerfully recommend it
to your patrons. Respectfully submitted, :
W. T.WE^ZELL, Analytical Chemist.
■ ' ■ Depilatory for the removal of ! Superfluous Hair,
Wrtnlcleine Paste, a" scientific skin food. -.Creme-
■de-l»-Crenie, to beautify the complexion. -Are in-
dorsed by all leading physicians and received di-
plomas at Mechanics' Fair for superior merit. ' ' •
MME. MARCHAND,
. . Hair and Complexion Specialist, ,
; a 8 G£AKI , STREET.
course, he considers your fault. I think
with pleasure of the fault-finding man s
hereafter. He will ne married, it there is
such a thing as marriage in nell, to a >ew
Woman, who will treat him as he did his
wife, and th<»n he will know the rather
doubtful pleasure of continual mental and
physical pin-pricks.
Usually the fault-finding man combines
another vice with his chief one, and that
vice is the abomination of desolation
stinginess. He is not at all inclined to be
stingy vith himself, but he wants to
know* what becomes of every cent which is
spent by his wife. The fact that she is his
wife and lias an absolute right to a certain
part of his income never seems to dawn
on him, and nothing gives him greater
pleasure than to discuss with two or three
of his cronies the extravagance of the
woman who bears his name. If she looks
shabby he blames not himself, but her.
He doesn't know and doesn't care how the
little bit of money which he gives her is
so well managed that he always has a
good breakfast and a good dinner, while
she and the children have a starvation
luncheon. If he happen? to take her out
he scoffs at her quiet black frock, never
dreaming that it has gone through all the
economical possibilities that only come
when a woman hasn't much money and
must freshen her old frock. The 5 cents'
worth of soap barK to wash it. the as
sistance of a little dressmaker whose value
lies in her cheapness, the careful arrange
ment of the riLoon bows here and a trim
ming there, concealing a bad place, are,
to you and me, pitiful, but to the stingy
man it is all no more than his wife ougct
to do. He is as stingy with his love and
his pleasant words as he is with his
money, and, although, before he was mar
ried, he used to make most ardent vows of
iove, love that was to last till death and
after, he doesn't think it necessary, nowa
days, to even express his approbation of
the way the woman he has married tries
to cater to bis wishes.
He is apt, in addition, to be suspicious.
Stinginess and suspicion are close kin, and
usually go hand in hand. He questions
the children as to their mother having
seen anybody during the day; he manages
to drop into the kitchen, and, by being
pleasant to the cook, gets her to admit
that Mrs. Dash rnixht have been more
economical if she tried. He knows some
jolly pood fellows and is forced to think
that when their wives call upon his wife
they must discuss him and compare him
to them to his disadvantage. He forgets
entirely that he is married to a woman —
and when one says a woman one usually
means a something that ban all the faith
fulness of a dog without his occasional
lapse into a bad temper, and, as a natural
sequence, a bite. If the mother of his
wife visits her he is never quite sure that
the days would pass by so quickly unless
his vices were under discussion, and if his
own mother happens to be to the fore he
feels sure that she tells his wife what he
vs 1 d to be and that they both sigh over
what he is now. Oddly enough in his
heart of hearts is a positive contempt for
himself, for he knows that he is a cad.
One or two thrashings a week might, per
haps, make a man ot him, but I doubt it.
When fault-finding and suspicion control
the heart of a man he is about as near
degradation as any human being can be.
She asked me another question — did this
little woman wno wrote the charming let
ter. She said, "Do you believe in divorce 7"
I wish I knew how to say "No" so loudly
that it would reach the ears of each
woman who had ever thought of it and
convince them that one of these wonder
ful new guns was near her and that she
was struck by one of the five hundred
shots thst they sent out every minute.
Sometimes between two married people
things reach such a point that it is wiser
for them to separate — to Jive apart and to
lead lives that give no scandal. .But the
divorce — oh, no! Once a woman is di
vorced from one man and marries another
Bhe becomes demoralized and fails to see
why she may not continue the divorcing
and the remarrying as long as she
pleases. She forgets that the day will
come when the only bloom on her cheeks
is an artificial one; when the beautiful
hair is false; when the eyes have lost their
glow and the is tired of lfie. What will
NEW TO-DAY.
~—— *— w-»^ -^-i- fc^— - w-i_— 1_- . -_-j< . - — r-i_i— ■_,— ,_,- l _j-._.-_i- _-■ j
*^¥^»*»*»»»¥»#* *»%» ¥¥¥
I SPECIAL SAVING SALE. |
JHAVILAND I
&CHINA, I
'? With * *
? beautiful <C-"^ «w
♦ b».nd- T^v l "
,9k painted •/ V '^V
decora- Z. w
<♦ prices— # sfcsf'll l^\
♦ for Mon- %x..fn/!a/\ *
T day and -s^Xl* // 1 VT X
iV day only "SrK^V t§- / *
— are one- W^^fN^ t 1 /A If
ir n diess vJW!sr*^^ *
/V regular / T— S--\^^^ V "
f& valuos. / — -A ,-'^ > '\),\
j r^, Tea Cups I \ \•v v - \W < ;
ol and Haa- I sa> / \^y hS m
r«^ cents; (*• I W~^~~r \?" ™
> (oftee L^ J )"" / 1 VV— — ♦
; A Cups and P« 1 L«. I \i '* (*-'
'« Saucers, ( / * _
♦ 35 cents; 5, !
■* After- ♦ I
A Dinner Coffee Cups and Saucers, 20 cents; <£>
« Dessert plates, 20 cents: Larse Plates, 26 J>
T cents. See them in the window. j|
♦ V |
£ THAT BIG CHINA STORE- * |
* A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's. JJ i
« WANGENHEIM, STERNHEIM & CO., ♦
J 528 and 530 Market St., $
%27 and 29 Sutter St., : 1
i#> BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦ I
* . *
FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
Every Lad'/ Can Have a Lovely Form j
by Wearing FREUD'S CORSETS. .
Genuine. Jennesa Miller Model Bodice , I
Equipoise Waists.
patent "GOOD skxse" CORSET WAISTS,
GENUINE JACKSON, FAVORITE waist.
Li \\l\
ill £$W r i ■■:.:!W^ ili
» » 3 «" Hl£- ft i ; lift °- «£ *"*
h 2 ,v if; 8 I'iVtw 0 * = * *
Our Illustrated Catalogue gent free to
any address.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
■ Wo have no branch store on Market street.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OCR ADDRESS
3MC- FREUD «4s SON ,
742-74-t HarkctSt. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
TIIESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
| she think about then? Always of her
| first love. She remembers that if she had
: not been so easily irritated about this, so
i suspicious about "that, or so determined
about something else, she might still be
an honored wife.
It is a beautiful thing, to my way of
thinking, to see two people, no longer
j young, the woman no longer beautiful
from that standpoint that 4 demands rosy
cheeks, bright eyes and sunny locks,
happy with each other. Of course they have
had their misunderstandings; of course
■ there have been times when it seemed to
! each as if the other could no longer be en
dured, but then one of the two remembered
the vows they had taken, and yielded, and
so all life was made smoother and they
grew gradually to understand just what
j each liked best, what each most enjoyed;
j and, although the big world was around
them, it was outside them ; and love and
peacs reigned in the little world made by
these two.
I wonder if I have said all there is about
bad husbands? I don't like to attack the
men. They have always been good and
kind to me, and I am forced to judge them
by what I see of them. My friend, you
may take it as a truth, that two people are
required to make a har.py home. Many a
bad husband has been unconsciously re
formed by his wife's wisdom. I don't like
to say that women ever need reformation.
But there are bad husbands. Else women
wouldn't be glad when they went off in the
morning and didn't return until night.
But so much is in the hand of the woman.
Man is the lower auimal. To be quite
honest, 1 have never been quite sure
whether he was above or below the mon
key. So it is in the finer, better nature ot
woman to train him in the way he
should go; to train him to be "more
gentle, to be more affectionate, more gen
erous and less fault-finding. I don't be
lieve there is any redemption for the sul
len or the stingy man. However, it is
pleasing to think that he will have a here
after, and I can imagine that heaven, to
some women, will mean looking down to
where their husbands are and reminding
them of the past. It would be a ratber
nasty thing to do; still, there would be a
certain satisfaction about it, and no woman
could be blamed for doing it who had lived
with a man who was all-round horrid.
But then there are so many good men.
And nice men. And lovable msn. And
considerate men. And unselfish men.
And generous men. And among these
there ought to be a man pleasing to that
nice little woman and her neighbor and
Bab.
"Cherchez la Femme."
"I see you charge me elevenpence for your
mutton, Mr. Barton. Why is it Mr. Reed, in
the High-street, lets me have it for tenpence?"
"I'm sure, mm, I couldn't say — unless it's
he's taken a fancy to you, mm."—P unch.
NEW TO-DAT.
mifli
LATEST
SPRING AND summer
Canes Jackets
Imported Silk and Lace Capes,
trimmed with Chiffon, Black
and Colored Beads.
Stylish Suits, latest cut, with
Blazer and Box Jackets.
Norfolk Jackets with Gold Belts.
HANDSOME LIGHT TAN JACKETS, (hi A
stitched bands, rippled back, new Ml)
cut...... .^.. ■.........; V* v
DIRECT ( TAN CAPES, Hand- (hi n <t>nK
FROM I some Applique and \1 /to A 7 l)
PARIS I Col'r'd Embroidery V* v - V UV
MIXED CHEVIOT and TAN (he ton CA
JACKETS, box front.... \Q and \/,OU
BLACK DRESS SKIRTS, of figured (hi A A
material JS<J, UU
SPECIAL BARGAIN,
JUST RECEIVED—
25 BLACK SERGE SUITS, $0 Aft
WORTH $12, cQA ; OO.UU
TO GO AT V WIVW
SE BABLA ESPANOt-
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Avo.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE.
LOS ANGELES.
■■■THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMABY OF THE MARKETS.
S>ilver a fraction firmer.
Uank dear Ings lose 18.8J!.
AW reals dull.
Hay and lYedsUifTs as before.
Beans very a.uiet.
Some changes in Seeds,
i otatoes and Onions weat.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Asparagus advanced.
■Receipts of Strawberries increasing.
Oranges weak.
Some changes in Raisins.
J'onitry nominal.
bacon lower,
n ldes and Wool dull.
Hops demoralized.
Increased exports of Wine.
explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figara*
•t station Indicate maximum temperature for the
cays; those underneath it. If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually, first appear on the Washington coast.
\\ ben the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain is probable; but when
the "low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With k
"hieh" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
. ter. The reverse of these condition* will prodncf
»a -apposite result. ■
;.
":I'WEATHEB BUREAU REPORT.
'.. 'United States Dkpartmext of Agbiccl
tcre,_ Weather BrREArv RIH Fraxctsco,
March 28, 896, 5 p.m. Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rain'a'ls to date
rs compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 35.81, last season 37.55; Red Bluff
16.39, last spason 27.72: San Francisco 15.37, last
Beaton 23.86: Fresno 5.37, last season 13.16: Baa
J.uis Oblspo 15.41. last season 24. 00: Lo-> Angeles
8.241'1u5, last season 15.45: San Diego 6.44, last
etison 11.83; Yunia.Bß. last season 8.01.
'. The following maximum temperatures are re
ported irom stations in California to-day: Kureka
52, Ked Bluff 62. San Francisco 58. Fresno 62
San I.us Obispo 58, Los Angeles 58, Sail Diego 60,
Yoxoi 66.
*an Francisco data—Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 47, mean 62.
Xhf Following rainfalls are reported from sta
t!or- In California during the last. 24 hours: Los
'. Ancfles heavy rain, report missing- San Diego 1
inch.
Thp area of low pressure central this morning
over the Missouri Valley is moving slowly east
ward. The pressure Is rising over the central Pa
■ eilic States, and an area of high pressure IS push
\ltij?' inland over Northern California. A low
■ appears to be developing over Vancouver and the
ptc-ssure is falling rapidly there. Rain has fallen
7 rrom Koseburgnorthw rd. a maximum wind ve
.-loeityof 56 nines per hour from the south is re
ported from Fort Caab) and 48 at Tatoosh.
Heavy rain has fallen in Southern California, San
■ Dieco" "porting 1 mc.-i. The temperature has re
.-.'raained about stationary over the Pacific slope.
The:indications are that fair weather will prevail
' t-uhday throughout California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty nours
ending midnight, March 29. 1896:
:; Northern California — Fair Sunday; westerly
: winds.
.Southf-rn California—Clearing Sunday forenoon;
north wine's.
;• Nevada—Fair Sunday.
Utah—Fair Sunday.
; Arizona—Cloudy and threatening Sunday.
>an Francisco, and vicinity — Fair Sunday:
westerly winds. Aioanukr G. Mcaiue,
'«Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOEK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. March 28.—Tobacco was
the overshadowing feature of the trading at the
Stock Exchange to-day, 33,000 shares changing
hands at 87V 2 89. The total sales for all stocks
■ -were only 90,000. Tobacco's activity and advance
wars the result of the talk that the directors will on
Wednesday resume dividends on the common
stock and to rumors that the troubles with Its
Western competitors nave been settled. Shorts
were alarmed by these rumors andbought heaviiy.
The rise disturbed recent sellers of other indus
trials and a general though moderate improvement
followed.
• Sucar moved up from 114^ to 116; Chicago
Gas from H73 4 to 6H5>,: General Electric from
353/ 8 to 35?4- Utt!e attention was paid to Attor
ney-GeneraiMaloney's statement that he will con
test the declaration Of dividends by the Chicago
Gas people at tins* time. In the railroad group
Burlington and Quincy was notably firm and rose
from 74% 0 76 on the unexpected favorable state
ment for February- iho other active railways
ranged from y 8 to 34 per cent. There was a good
deal of gossip about gold shipments early next
week, estimates placing the exports at anywhere
from $1,600,000 to $3,000,000. The rumors had
no influence. . ...
Speculation closed strong, with prices 1$ to 1 per
cent above Friday's final close.
- Bonds were dull and lower. The transactions
aggregated $463,000. Chicago and Northern Pa
cific fives certificates fell % to 42i/g; Western
New York and Pennsylvania general fours, 1^ to
45, and Wisconsin Central fives certificates, 3 to
41. Peoria and Pekin Union seconds rose 2i/a to
71V 2.
In Government bonds $70,000 coupon fours of
, 1926 brought 116^.
\ ■"■>"• Grain.'
FLOUR— Winter wheat, low grades,
S2i>s@2 85: do. fair to fancy, $2«5@3 90:
do, patents, $3 90@4 25; Minnesota clear, $2 70@
3 30; do, straits, $3@3 60: patents, *3 55@4V5;
low extras, *2 25@2 85: city mills, $4 15®4 25;
do, patents, »4 20^4 45: rye mixtures, $2 50©
3 30: superfine, $2@2 50; fine, $2@2 30. South
era flour, easy; common to fair extra. $2 4U(<z.3;
goon to choice. $3@3 30. Southern flour, quiet,
Bt«ady: unchanged. Kye flour, quiet at f2 60@
2 85; buckwheat flour, $1 20@l 25.
BUCKVVHKAT—4O@4IB/ic.
COVNMEAL-Doll, steady; yellow Western,
S2 20&2 25: Brandy wine, $2 20.
K>*"li— Nominal; Western, 49@51c.
• I.ASHLEY—Quiet: ungraded \v estern, 40®47c
. i'A KI,K i MALT—Quiet; Western. 50@56c.
WHEAT—DuII, firm. No. 2 mi, store and ele-!
vator, 79»79V»c: afloat, SOV 2@803-ic; f. o. b., 80rg, >
BIWeV-i»graded red, 63@bi!c; :>o. 1 Northern, .
7SV«vi
• options were-dull at y ß c advance, following the i
V, Hat 'and on local covering, with only a light trade.
May and July most active. No. 2 red: March,
"3Vic: April, 7qc/ 8c; May, 70Vc; June, July ana
August, 6934 c: ■September.B9%c.
coKX-Firm, . doll. No. 3, 37y 2c elevator;
Opt?dns unchanged, March, 37V*c: May, 35V 2c;
s unchanged. March, 37V*c: May, 30i£c;
July, ,'i.VjjC. ' . .
iiAt —Quiet, steady. '
Options—Dull; firm. March. 25c: May, 24% c.
Spot prices: No. 'I. 25Mc: No. 2 white, 26y 2c: So.
2 Chicair^ _..ij<: No. 3, 24c: No. 3 white, 26c;
mixed Western, -" : ■ ■■■ 26c; white do 2e@2BiAc;
white State, 2H<Vf..'B' :c ?
FEED—Bran, •60(aii2U,C
DUCNGS—«ft@7l>c.
SKY E-Feed, 62 Provisious.
Provisions.
BEEF—bull. Family, $10®12:. extra mess.
?7 su@R. Beef hams quiet: 50S1S. Tlerced
l*ef, uuH; city extra mess,sls©ls 50. Cut meats,
quiet:-, unchanged. . ««:.,^;, ««-."„
La Hi)— steady, Vvestcrn steam. $."> Ai\<i@o 40:
my. $1 9S@5: May, -47 1-a- Keflned, quiet: con
tinent, $& 7o; teouth American. »d 10; com
pound. 45/k@434C. ■
i'<jKK-ilessr*9 50@10.
BUTTKK—Steady; qnie.t. State dairy, 9@200;
co creamery, held, l?/o;18c; Western dairy, 10@
l«i; Uo creamery, ' '•.-"-'■ do held, 12@18c: do
factory, g@ 13c: Elßln», *2c; imitation creamery,
l'*'<Sl7c: roils, 9(^l4c.
*-*iKE.SE—Quiot. State, ■ larre, «'■,'« 101 4r-; do fac
tory, lore,!4c; do small, 6&10 Vi; part.skims, 3@
"c; fun Kkims. 2<$ <JVsC
E'jfjs— Firm. BUM and Pennsylvania, 113.4®
IL'c: S-,iiti,ern, l]@liy4C: Western, fresn, lli/_.c:
Click, 28«V9c: Koose, 70@75c.
Tai.i d\v—Quiet: easy. city. 3 11-16 c: country,
COTTONSEED OlL—Cnide. 21c: yellow prime,
25 Vie; Hq off grades. i.'syi@2s
1 "', ESlN— Quiet; firm. Strained common to good,
; $1 75<S1 77i<,.
TURPENTINE-Quiet: easy; 28y
POTATOES— Sweets, $1 60@4 50.
RICE— Domestic, fair to extra, 3@33ie; Japan,
3 3 4@4%c. " '
MOL.\!>sES_X(>w Orleans open kettle, good to
choice, 27@37c • • ■
COFFEE— Steady. Ten points up to 10 down.
March. $13 33(813 40: April. $12 75: May, $12 40@
@12 45; Jane, ll 9oßll 95: July. $11* 50; Sep
tember, flO 80: December, $10 30@lo 35. Spot
Rio, dull, steady: No. 7. 1334, c.
SUGAR— more active; linn: fair refinlntr.
33 +c; centrifugals 96 test, 4 316 c. Refined
firm, quiet: No. 6. 4'.,c: No. 7, 4 5-16 c: No. 8,
4S/ S c: No. 9, 4 B-16c:" No. 10. 41,4 c: No. 11.
4 3-16 c; No. 12; -li 8 c; No. 13, 4 1-1 6 c; on A, 4 9-16
@4 13- lee: mold A. 53 c; standard A, 5V 8 c:
confectioners' A, sc: out, loaf, 534 c; crushed, 5s /4 c:
powdered, 53/ 8 c; cubes, &3/ 8 c; granulated, 8 ®
o s ,ic.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Almonds — Soft-shell,
7y 2 @Sc; do paper-shell. ll@l2c.
APRICOTS— Bats, 91 ..<a.lL'i
PEACHES— Peeled. 13%@15c: impeded, 4@
6y.»c.
PRUNES- Four sizes. 5<S5y B e.
RAlisJNS— Clusters. $1 25(6*1 40: do London
layers, 80@90c: do three-crown loose Muscatel,
3%@3%c: do four-crown, 4@sc.
WALNUTS— Standard, 6%@7c; do soft-shell,
6%<&10c.
HOPS— Quiet, steady. State common to choice,
J'j.iS.-: Pacific Coast, 2i.»@«e; London market
dull. 20@405.
WOOL— Firm; domestic fleece, 16@22c; pulled,
15@33c: Texas, 9@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IKON-Quiet, weak; American, $11 10®
13 50.
COPPER— Lake. $10 75.
LEAD— Barely steady: domestic, $3 12%.
TIN-Dull; straits, $11 80: plates dull. weak.
BPELTEK-Quiet: domestic, S4 10@4 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ili», March 28.— Wheat had a quiet
and uneventful short session to-day. Beginning
firmly the tone varied but little from that through
out. On the curb and at the regular opening local
professionals bought, and, when pr'ces had ad
vanced moderately, they sold out. There was no
outside trade and the room operations were en
tirely of the scalping sort. It was rumored that
Thoman's report on the crop, which was in the
bands of subscribers to-day, and which would be
(liven publicity on Tuesday, was rather bullish.
The trade was disposed to look with some doubt
upon the story. The M. Louis Modern Miller
siated that the condition of the wheat crop had
notably declined during the past week.
A morning paper gave a comprehensive review
of the crop situation which was decidedly favor
able. Export clearances for the week from both
coasts amounted to 1.744,000 bushels. Liverpool
cables were quiet and tirui. Paris lower and Berlin
higher. -Receipts at Chicago were 11 cars and 198,
--800 bushels were withdrawn from store. North
western arrivals were good at 408 cars, against 661
las; Saturday and- 224 a year e.ga. Argentine
shipments ast week were 1,136,000 bushels. The
last half hour's trading was marked by consider
able strength, th« nest quotations of the day being
then established. Export clearances at Atlantic
seaboard were 187.626 bushels. May wheat opened
from 68^4c to 633/ s c, sold between t>By,s(3j63Vic
and 64(ii64y B e, closing at 6.U s ia,6-lc, %@%C
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for
Monday 10 cars.
CORN-A bout held its own but achieved no dis
tinction in the way of activity or feature. The busi
ness ran 'o the closing up kind, covering by shores
and selling out by those who were long. Receipts.
346 cars, were about the number expected. There
were no withdrawals from store. Liverpool cables
were quiet and firm. Argentine shipments last
week were 888.000 bushels. . Export clearances
were 147,240 bushels. M: y corn opened at 2P5/ B e,
advanced to 29% c, where it closed, VsC higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday
270 cars.
OATS— Sympathized with wheat and corn in
tone. A moderate business was transacted, the
character of which was similar to that seen in the
other markets. Receipts, were 220 cars and 80,000
bushels were withdrawn from store. The close
was at the outside. May being Vs c higher fian yes
terday. Estimated receipts for Monday 175 cars.
FLAX— Was weak. Cash declined from 89Vi
to 89c; May from B'.' l to 87% c; July sold at
&9%c and September was 91c asked. Receipts
20 cars.- • - ' •• •
PROVISIONS— The feeling In product was not
weak nor was it strong. Professionals were not
forcing sales, but in some cases covering a portion
of their shorts. This afforded steadiness to prices.
Tnere was no well defined bull feeling in the mar
ket. At the close the feeling was less steady than
it was earlier in the session. May pork rested 6c
I under yesterday; May lard and ribs were un
i changed.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— March, 623 8 (5,62V 2 c; May. 63%®
64c: July. 641 ,v,'rt r 64>4C.
CORN— 25340: May, 2934 c; July, 30-'; 4 c;
September, 31 %c.
OATS— May, le^ic; July, 20V'ac: September,
20% ■■ .--"■:•
PORK— May. S?8 65: July, $9 05.
LAUD— May, 95 20; July, $5 35.
RIBS— May.. 94 80; July, $4 90.
. -, _ . Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 11.1.. March 28.— The
receipts of cattle to-day were light and prices held
Stead;. There was a fair demand. The arrivals
of hogs were light, but the market after opening
steady became weak and declined 2%@5c. There
was but a poor demand. There were not enough
sheep to make a market and prices were called
nominally steady. !
CATTLE — Receipts. 300; fancy beeves.
£4 25@i 35: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700
pound steers, $3 95(g.t "0: good to choice steers,
1200 to 15*»U pounds. $S 75@3 90: medium steers,
1050 to 1300 pounds, S3 60(a.3 70: common steers,
950 to 1200 pounds, $3 4<)(a;3 55; teed.'rs. 900 to
1200 pounds. $3 BOOS 75; stockers. 600 to 900
pounds, $2 75(5,3 40: bulls, choice to extra, 82 75®
3 40: bulls, good to poor, $2 40132 75; cows and
heifers, extra, $3 50(g)3 76: cows, fair to cnoice,
$2 4U(a.3 40: cows, poor to good canners. $1 6O@
2 3f>: veal calves, good to choice, $4 50af> 40:
calves, common to good, $3@4 25: Texas fed
steers, $2 90@3 85; Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
$2 25(5i3 25; milkers and sprinters, per head, $20
@40.
HOGS— Receipts, 13,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 75@3 95: common to choice
mixed. $3 feofli4 00: choice assorted, $4 05@i 15;
light, f3 85@i 15; pigs, $3 40@4.
SHEEP — Receipts. 500. Inferior to choice,
$2 75<a3 85 ; lambs. $3 75 &4 80.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares-
Money on call was 3%. Prime mercantile paper,
5 V. 's();£. Bar silver, 68V8C Mexican dollars. 54i/ic
ottTninij exchange dull, with actual business in
tankers' hill* ft' «4 87Vaf^4 87*4 for sixty cays
and $4 t-B\->(ori 8«3,i for demand. Posted rat",
84 KSV2©4 BHi-'i- Commercial bills. £4 863 / 4@>
4 87 hi- Government bonds firm: state bonds dull
and railroad conaa steady. silver neglected.
tirtlNfl STOCKS.
Am Tel <!t Cable.... 91 Norfolk & We*-.... IV3
Atchlson.. 15 Preferred B3/ 8
Preferred '-^3 Northern Pacific.. lS/ 8
Adams express... 147 , Preferred .Urn
Alton.Terre Haute. 54 Norm western, 102
American Express.llo Preferred 145 %
American Tobacco. 88% N. V. Central s °Va
Preferred 101 N. Y. Chicago>£d.lj 13
BayfctateGas 20 ' Ist preferred 75
Baltimore & Ohio.. 18 id preferred. 30
Brunswick Land.*.. -i .2 W. Y.<fcN. H. ....... 175
Euftalo. Rocb &I. 13 IN. Y.«fc New Ens. »2
Canada Pacific... 63% IS. Y. Susq & W.« 8%
Canada Southern,. 48V2! Preferred. 22%
Canton Land...:... My 8 Ontario 14
Central Pacific... 14%; Ontario & Western. 14%
I !,fg. <fc Ohio 155/ s Oregon Improvmb 1
Chicago Alton 165 j Preferred. —
Preterrea. 170 Oregon Navigation. 20
Chicago. A. & Q.... 70% Oregon short Una. 3%
Chicago &E. 1U... 41 Pacific Mall 20'^
Preferred. 100 Peona. D.& Evans. 2%
Chlcagouas. ... US V* Plttsburg <fe W pfd. 16
Cleve&'Pitlsburg.ltK) Pullman 1*a1ac«...153
Consolidation Coau HO Quicksilver.......^ 21/2
Consolidated Ga5.. 151 .Preferred. •_ 15
C. C.C «fe su Lou 13. 35 Reading ... 93J.
Preferred 87 KioGrand* 1H
Cola Fuel & iron.. : 6V3 Preferred. 45
Preferred 100 'Rock Island 69«/ i
Cotton OH Cert.... 15 RomeWat&Oedenll4
Commercial Cable. 158 Bt. L. &H. W 41/3
DeL Hudson 126% Preferred. Ini/,
Del.Lack&Westernlßl (EuPatU... 74%
Denver R. U».... 12 I Preferred •*&'£
Preferred. 46% Kt. Paul*, Duluth. 24
! DietUlers. ....... 17V8 Preferred >9
I General Jhllesirlc... 35V2 St. Paul <fc Omaha- 3/%
i trie...... .« 14 3 /i Preferred ;...123y 3
Preferred........ :iH Kt. P. M. <fc M 109
' Fort Wayne 160 Silver Certincates.. tJ»V4
i GreaiNorthernDfa.loß southern Pacific... 19
Green Hay *& fcoutnern H. X... M 8y 8
Harlem 29^ I Preferred. 29V*
I Hocking C0a1...... 3 bugar Rennery....llsS/ 8
'' Hocking Valley... loyal Preferred......... 1 001/4
I Uomestake : 30 iTenn. Coal & Iron. 271/4
H. «fc Texas Cent-. 23/ s l . Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 94i/4iTexts Pacific 73,4
lowa Central. B%!Tol.A.A.<fc N.Mion.—
Preferred .. 3tf''2 1 01. & Ohio C«n.... 30
Kansas & Texas los/g Preferred... 70
Preferred .' 25% lol.St. Louis 4
• Kingston <fc Pern... 3 j Preferred 10
Lake Erie & Wesui IK | Union Pacific 7i/ 8
Preferred......... 69% L P.. Den. & Uuir. , 3-
La« Shore .146 ,0 .K. Cordage....... 4%
National Lead . 24 I Preferred......... 9
Preferred Btf Guaranteed _ IBV9
L0ng151ana. ....... 81 D. S. Express...— 42
Louisville & JN'asb. 46 'U.S. Leather. ..... 9i/ 8
Louisville l'll. BVi Preferred......... «it»s /8
Preferred 20 f.H.RuDber „ 16
Manhattan Consoi.3 o3»/ii Preferred 86
Mempnis cfe Charts. 15 ,i:tlca& B. River.. 150
ex lean Central ... 10 Vil w ab. S. L. & Pao.. 6V,
Michigan Central.. 94 . Preferred. 1634
13Inn<feS. 1, Wells-1'arg0...;.... »t>
Preferred. . . , Western Union.... 83 l / 4
Minn. & Ht. Jucom. 19 |W is Centra* 3
Ist preferred 7Hy 2 Wheeling &I* E.. » /8
M preferred 49% i Preferred... 82
Missouri Pacific.. aS»4 Am Cotton Oil pfJ. 61 -
Mobile* Ohio 22 W U Beef 8
Nashville Chatt.... 68 , Ann Arbor 9
National Linseed.. 17Vb Preferred......... 25Va
N. central Brooklyn Traction. 20 Vi
North American... BVs ■
CI/)S1M« Bovns.
V B4b. retr.. .lOBV* sl X T2d5. ...... .. 67%
Do, 48 coupon... »ll)3/ 8 D 0,45..... ........ 84
fS 4s new reg llti r .'« Mutual Union 65... 114
Do, 4b coupon. ..UritVg.N J Cent Gen 65..'.11UV«
Da 2s; 95' Northern Pac lets. 115 Vg
1,0, 65..; ....113V* Do, 2d«... ..iloy 4
Do. be eouDon....Hßi4 Do, ik 15 . ...'... .... "2%
tbcrokee 4s. 1898. 100 M ortn west Consols. 39
Do. 1897... .....- 100- Do, deb 05»......103"
Do. 1898 ....... 100 iOB&N Iris 109%
ho, 1b9»... ....... 100 biL&lronMtGens« 80 u
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29y» 1896.
Pacific 6s 0f '95....— . tSt Ii & SF G«n 6s. in 6V 4
D. C. 3-6 05. ....... 109 Vi til Paul Consols ...128
Ala Class A 4......". T00 1 HI. P. C & Pa ls«.llsvi
Do. Class 84, sa. 106 , 1 Do, Pac Cal ists.. 1 1 0
LaC«nsoi4s 97 ■ ieouthern li. R. Bs. SO
Missouri funding..— - 'j Texas Pacific firsts ">-By2
N Caroliruicoa 68..1-2'/ 2 Texas Pac seconds. 1223/ 8
Do, 4s '..:.. .105 L-nionPaclstof 96. 103^/8
f-o Carolina 4%5...106- West Shore 45..'... 105' 2
Tennnewas 85 Mobile <fe Ohio 45.. 67
All funding debt... 61 ' R GrauoeWestlsW 76
I^o, reg v. dies A O 55..*..... 108
L'o. delerred 65... 5 Atclilson 45........' 763' 8
J->a trust rents sc 6 1 Do. 2ds A........ 23%
Canada Soutn 2as.. 10l GH& 8 A 65...... 10 i
Cen Pac lets or '95 100 i Do. 2d 7s. . .. 10
Den B G 15t... ..112% H & Tex Cent 6s.. lOH
Do. «5.:.... V..-.T.~-= 88% Jjo.con6s 106%
Krie2ds.. 71 Reading «5... ......' 77
Kansas Pa Consols 7iy 2 Missouri da ....... 100
t.s I 1 * Ims UendivlO9 ' :
FOREIGN MARKETS.
Vltil IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno.", March 28. -The spot market
is steady at 6s sd. Cargoes dull at 27s 9d arrived.
FITIRKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the follow! ng
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
5s 4y 3 d; April.- fs 4>4d; May. 6s 6d; June, 5s
sd; Juiy, 5s 6d. ' . , '; ; .... • ~
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eso.. March ' 28.-ConßOls, 109%;
silver, 31i/ 8 French Rentes, lOlf 37% c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. .
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — • $4 88
.Sterling Exchange, sight .... — 48a '
Sterling Cables — 4 89i' 3
New York Exchange, sight. — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Fine Silver, $« ounce — 6814
Mexican Dollars;... Gsy a 66 •
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last, week were 10, 693,
against ?1!1'.807,b39 for the same week in 1895,
a less of 18.8%. . 1 ■■
CALIFORNIA WINE EXPORTS.
The exports of California Wine from San Fran
cisco for the first two mom of the year were
3,278.000 gallons, against *J,!:29,150 gallons during
the same time in 1595.
niI'ORTS OF GROCERIES.
Imports of staple Groceries at this port during
the first two months of the year were as follows,
compared with the previous year: Sugar, 58,710,
--72* lbs. against 56,988,325 lbs; Coffee, 3,593,300
lbs, against 4,376,600; Rice, 12,298.000 lbs, against
14,891,300; Tea, 426,145 lbs, against 2b9,40u.
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AM) OTHER GRAINS.
_____
WHEAT— Nothing going on. No. 1, $1 07%; ;
choice, $l'oß%@l 10 -3 ctl: lower grades, $1® :
1 05; extra choice lor milling. $1 15($1 20.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Pension— lo o'clock— May— 4oo tons. !
$ 1 07%. December-ISW), 41 0714.
Rkgular Mokxisb mission — December— 900
tons. $1 07Vi: 300, *1 07%: 100. $1 07?, i: 500, j
«1 07%"; 300. $1 071/2.
KAKi.KV— BrawißS continues to sell well for ]
shipment. Feed, tib3i@7ll/ic V ctl; choice, 72y2 j
©7o ; 4 e t* ctl; Brewing, 80(&£5c.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Rkgular Morning Skssion — December—^OO
tons, 70S,ic; 200, 70y>c; 100, 703/ B e. May- 800,
69y a c: 100, 69S 8 - ; 200. 6914 c: leo,69Vi*c.
OaTS- Milling are quotable at 75((£82i/4C H* cil;
fancy Feed, 82y 2 @Bsc f( ctl: cood to choice, 75@
80c; common to fair, 67y3@72i/ a c: Gray. 72y a (g>
hO ■•; Red, nominal; Black, nominal; Surprise, i)t»(2>
95c f» ctl.
CORN— Offerings are neglected and quotations |
are easy. Large Yellow. 90c t*, ctl; Small Round i
do, $1; White. 80(&85c «4 ctl.
RYE— 77%@Boc '# ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— bSgSoc ~? ctl.
FLOUR ANl> MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family ;
extras, $3 75@3 85: Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65: ;
superfine, $2 75 (g.3 '<$ bb!.
CORXMfcAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, ?20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, 821 %*. ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10- sacks are as fol- j
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
2%c; Jtsre_ Flour, 3i/ic; Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn- '
meal. 2%t£3c; extra cream do, 3%c: Oatmeal, ,
3 ; c: Oat Groats, 4y 3 c; Hominy, 4rdJ4y 2 c: Buck- |
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat. 3y a c; Farina.
41,2 c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c: . Rolled Oats, 4 1 2 c;
Pearl Barley, 41/2 C; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
514 cii tb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF 3.
BRAN— SI 2 50@13 ? ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?* ton for lower grades
ana $17 50@18 50 ? ton for the best.
FEEDSTC'FFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 ton;
Oilcake Meal at.th* mill. $21 14 ton: Jobbing, ]
$21 50;. Cottonseed Oilcake. #21.
HAY— Quotations remain unchanged. beat, $8 1
@11 50: Oat,fß§,9: Wheat and Oat. JBf<tll: Barley, j
*7fal9: Alfalfa. ?7@9: Clover. *6<a-3 60; Com- |
pressed, $7&10 50: stock, $6@7 V ton.
W-35@65c %^ bale. .
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Continue very quiet. Bay os are quot
able at $1 10@l 20 <£ ctl: small Whites, $1 25 ,
©1 40 V ctl: Pea, $1 40@l 60 j» ctl: Large Whites,
91 10@l 17% f ctl: Pink, 90c(a,.5l 20: Reds. :
$1 65<a.l 90; Blackeye, nominal: Red Kidney. !
nominal; Limas, .*2 25@2 55; Butters, $1 OXqil 50, :
SEEDS— The minor kinds show some change.
Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 50(3)2 25 %4
ctl: Trieste. $2(52 50 $ ctl; Yellow Mustard,
• $1 40(&<l 50: Flax, $1 70@l SO: Canary, 2% V It.;
Alfalfa, 7 1 - 2 1 ' 2 c 13 1b; Rape, 2VoC <£ lb; iiemp, i
3i/»c •$ ft.
DRIED PEAS-$1 25@1 40 3 ctl for Niles
and $1 25&1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — New Potatoes. l@2c V fb; j
i Merced Sweets, 09 75(3(3 "# ctl; .Salinas Bnrbauks, '
60®90c: River Burbanks, SOiii4oc 1* sack: Oreeon
Bnrbanks. 35@60c: Oregon Garnet Chiles, 70@ |
80c: Early Rose, 40@50c; Petalumas and
Tom ales, 40® 50c.
ONIONS— Good to rhoiee, 50(H-ioc "# ctl; Cut I
Onions, 25@40c: Oregon. 60@85c V ctl.
VEGETABLES — Arrivals were 1033 boxes
Asparagus and 699 boxes Rhubarb and 639 sucks
Peas.
Asparagus advanced again. Tomatoes were j
firmer.
.summer Squash from Los Angeles quotable at
10c <§», 1b; Egg Plnn* from Lor Angeles 10; fl 1b;
1 Mexican Tomatoes, $1 75Cg,2 p box: Los Angeles
, Tomatoes, $1 60(<jr2 fj box: Cucumtjers. 6Uci^sl
V doz: Asparagus, $}@1 50 f>, box for ordinary and
$175(g,2 25 lor extra; Rhubarb. 35ra.7.Jr; Mush
rooms, 6<g>lsc %>. fl>; Dried Peppers, 10(£12%c:
Green Peas, 2@3c%4 1b: string Beans. s@loc %i Ib:
Dried Okra, l"2y 2 c; Cabbage, 4('((j)50u"f! ctl; Garlic, i
4(hsc f ib: Marrowfat Hqnash, 430 ton.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— No change yesterday.
Crkamkry— Fancy, 16317 c: seconds, 15@15i/.c
1* Ib. ..' ';■■■-.-- |
Dairy— Fancy, 14 i/ 2 @lsc ? Ib: good to choice, \
14c: lower grades, 12', a ig,13 ;,:■'"•
Eastkrn— Nominal.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, lie t>. Ib: common to I
good, 9(a,10c: Cream Cheddar, 12@12y 2 c: Young
America, ll@ll%c; Western, 12@12y2c; Eastern, i
13@14c.
EGGS— There was no further decline. Store j
Eggs, 10@10y 3 c; ranch Eggs,ll@l2c; Duck Eggs, i
lac %i dozen. __^
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Was dull yesterday, as usual on \
Saturday.
Live Turkeys, 16(®17c^ Ib for Gobblers. 16@17c j
9 Ib for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 17@18c: Geese, %i |
pair. 91 75f*2: Ducks, (4 60A6 50 for old and j
$7@B for young; Hens, $4 F>o@s 50 doz: Roosters i
young, $7(»7 50; do, old. $4@4 50: Fryers. $6@6 60: j
Broilers, $5 50@6 for large and $3 6 i@4 50 tor
small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 for young and $1 25(g)
1 75 for old.
GAME— Hare, 75c "$ dozen; Rabbits. $1 25 for
Cottontails and 75c(d$l x'- doz tor smalt.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— We quote $I@l 25 "f> box for good to
choice, 50 5 c for common 10 fair, and $1 60(gi;>
for fancy.
BERRlES— Strawberries sold at 50c drawer
for large and 75c@$l 25 for small berries. Arrivals
were •-•2 chests. ■ •
CITKUS J- Ft CITS — Oranses are weak at 91
@1 60 for Seedlings. $1 50@2 75 for Navels
and $1 6U@2 50 for Malta Bloods; Lemons, *l ( g>
1 50 for common and $2(&2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $6 60(0.6 r box: T.unaria.s, $I^s
■■;-' ■>'•> %4 bunch; Pideapples. .*i: g,5 %*■ dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, > UTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Raisins show several slight
changes. The following nominal prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
. Cabl/Oad Lots— Apples, 1 TliO^'VJif IS Ib forquar
tered. 2@3c ?i 1b for sliced «nd 414 c¥> lb for
evsporated : Reaches, BV<j@4c %i lb and siA.(<j tic for
fancy; Beeled In boxes, 12c; Apricots 7Va@BV«c
for wlme to cnoice. 9V^c for fancy and 10@llc
%* lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 'Jh'^c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@Sc in sacks: Pears. : ?c
Ib for evaporated halves, 4(g.tU/.c %* lb for quarters:
Prunes, 334(&4c: Plums, 4c $ lb for pitted and
lVi@2V2Ctor unpitted: Nectarines; 6@6c '$ lbfor
prime to choice and 6V^c for fancy.
Jobbing Ibices— Kvaporated Apples, 4@4V'2C
~P Ib; sun-dried,'. 1 J/ 2 (*-c %^ &>: Peaches, 3@4c
*jA m and 5c '& lb for . fancy ; peeled in boxes, 10
@1 2V^c: Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. for 40@50's
and 5c for 6O(ai(iO's: Apricots, e^VoC for prime to
choice, 10@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black,
2V4@- 3 /* c: White Figs, 3@sc : Pears, , 6V2C for
evaporated halves ' and Wmb^n for quarters;
Plums. 3V2(5i4c for pitted ana • J^lVaC for unpit
ted; NectarFiies. 4@Bc 1* tb for prime to choice.
KAIBINS AND DRIED GRAPES-Prices are
as f o: lows, carload lots. f . •o. b. = San Francisco :
London layers, 85®900 "$ box: four-crown, loose,
3%c lb; . three-crown, : loose, 2%c 1* lb: two
crown, 2c; seedless ' Sultanas, 3»4@4c: seedless
Muscatels. 2y2@■Js^c; three-crown J<ondon layers, '
75(ai90c; clusters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters,
$210@2 i; 5: Imperial dusters, $2 l>o@2 76; Dried
Grapes, 2y a c '# tt>.; - - ;
jobbing Prices — Four-crown . loose. 3c; :3
crown, 2i/4@2%c: 2-crown, l%@2c- Seedless Sul
tanns, iS*A(&ic; Heedless Muscatels, 2y a c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@f»0c; cluaters, *1 40@l 60;
j Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, 2c. \ ■
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotab'e at 6©Be "13 lb;
\ Walnuts, B®loc for No. 1 hard and 10(aii2rfor pa
i per, Joobinif lots; Almonds, 6@7%c for Lansuedoc
! and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5@
6c for eastern and 3-V-_.(514V2C for California: Hick
| ory Nuts. s@6c; Pecans, 6c lor rough and 8■• for pol
j ished: F lberts, 80*0; Brazil Nuts, 7V2@Bc^lb;
! Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 V 100. • , . • .
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c ifl Ib for
bright and . B(<>oc 7 1 ■tb for lower grades; water
i white extracted, ?ijilsV2C "$ Ib; light . amber ex
tracted. 4Vi@4%o:dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
- BEESWAX— a4®27c * 16.- . . . . y
, ;, PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is off ,_y c and Califor
ma Hams are weaker.,' Bacon, 6c for heavy, 7c
f> Ib for light medium, 9c "$ Ib for light, 10c for
extra light and 12c Ib for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured riams, i l%c: California Hams.
I 10c 1* lb: Mess Beef, -$8 bbl: extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. if 10: extra prime Pork, $9 H bbl;
] extra clear, $1« $1 bbl; mess, $14 bbl; Smoked
! Beef . 10@10i/ 2 c %4 Ib. ; v .- • ■":•-■ • • ..
... LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is quotable • at 6%c f>
j Ib for compound and 8c for pure; pails, B%c; Call
' fornia tierces. 6c for compound and 6%c for pure;
1 half-bbls, 7»4c; 10- tb tins, 8c; do 5-Ib, BV4C 1* Ib.
COTTOLENE— 67 /8 c In tierces and 73,4 c%i Ib In
! 10-lbtlns. '■-.-. .- - •-.;-■:'•' > .. -
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c:
! culls and brands. 6c;"* medium. 5%@6c: cdlls and
brands, 4y»@sc; : light, 6o; culls and brands, 4c;
Cowhides, 6c "$ lb; culls and brands, 4c; salted
Kip. 5c ib: salted Calf, 8c * Ib: salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides, iO@llc; culls and . brands 7V 2 c;
ary kid and Veal. 9c : culls, * 6Vi<a7c: dry ■ bait,
16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?o©3sceach: Kidg, 60;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium, 15(?B
25c; winter, JOe: sheepskins, . shearlings, ' lO(S)
. 15c each; short wool, 2(>@3sceach; medium, 40
@50c each; long wool, 65c. each. Culls of all kinds
about %c less. . . ■• •■ - .; ■• - : .
TALLuW— No. 1. rendered. 3y 2 ®4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. 6%@ 5 94 C : Grease. 2%c '?■ ">■
i WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 9@llc f. lb; &an Joaquln and Southern, 3@6c;
Nevada. »c. ..-,...
. HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@sc ft lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June- delivery,
$4 25: San Quentin, 84 20: Wool Bags, 24(&26c- "
COAL — .Wellington $B '.^". "ton: New Welling
ton. ?B%i ton; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60 *
ton: Scuttle, 5©5 50: Brvant. *5 60: Coos Bay
«4 50; Wallsend, $6 60; Scotch; ?7 60: Brymbo,
87 50; Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, #13: Welsh An
thracite Egg. : Canuel. $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and $la 50 ift ton in packs.
CANNED , SALMON — The . Alaska Packers'
Association quotes Red Salmon as follows: in lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c; 50.000 case*, 92 % c; 76,000
cases, 90c "ft dozen, net cash f. o. b. ex-slim.
oUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash : Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 61 c; Dry Granulated, 6%c:
1 Confectioners' A, 68/ c: Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra
C, 4%c: Golden C, 45/ 8 ; half-barrels,, more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
.SYRUP— Goiaen, in bbls,. 15c; Black Strap, 10c
» gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
j terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5y 2 c: second quality,
4%@5c: third do, 3y 2 @4c $ lb.
VEAL— Large, s@6c: small, 6@7c 9 Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, tj<a>6%c: Ewes, 6c "ft Ib.
LAMB— Spring Jjamb, 7OBc ~$ Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4J/ 4 .a>43/ 8 c r» Ib for large and
4y a for small; dressed do, 4» /4 (jJi>j- / oc ~$ lb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS. .
Flour, or. 5k5. ..1... 11.375Rri.n, »t5... :.'...... 1,100
Oregon 3,154 Middlings, 5k5..... 450
Wheat, ctls .Butter, ctls 060
Barley, ctls... 4,425 Cheese, ctls. 7
! Oats, Or, ct15...... 3.5-s 'Eggs, doe ..;... 14,490
, Beans, ales. ....... '.'OO Quicksilver, (tasks bO
! Corn, ctls 26U1 Leather, rolls 64
! Potatoes, sits. I,B92: Hides, no 180
Oregon 1,540 1 Pelts, bdls.... 145
j Onions, 5k5......:. 61 (Wool. bis. 137
Oregon .......... 1 2 Tallow, ctls 61
ay, tons. 250 Lumber, M feet... 10
. — «
THE STOCK MARKET.
Bulwer was In demand again yesterday, and after
the regular call advanced to 46c' The Comstocks
: were drffl and weak, and mo3t of them were
slightly lower.
On the Bond Exchange the Su^ar stocks were
strong, with sales of Hawaiian up to $19 25.
It is said .that the withdrawal of the Hale «fc Nor
cross Mining Company from the Brunswick lode
i operations will not prevent the carrying out of the
general plan of prospecting which other companies
Interested In Brunswick lode work have under-
I taken.
The Producers'. Raisin Packing -Company of
i Fresno has levied an assessment of $4 per share,
I delinquent May 9. , ?';",:!' :,.
The Alum Rock Railway Company of San Jose
i has levied an assessment of $1 per share, delin
\ quern April 29.
Con. Cal. and ..Va.— 1650 level— On fourteenth
floor (sixth floor above sill floor) south drift started
j at south end of stope has been advanced nine feet.
through quartz of very low assay value. Total
; length. 107 feet. ■SVMDMtaBHBaMIQR
Have been making some necessary repairs in the
: south drift on the ninth floor— first floor above sill
i floor of this level. /
From this south drift, at a point 78 feet, in from
! Its mouth, an east crosscut has been advanced 13
I feet through porphyry and quartz of nominal
; value. . . - . . .
1750 level — From thirteenth, fourteenth, fif
teenth and eighteenth floors at north end of Slopes
: in old ground of former workings and from north
; west drift upraise on east side of ledge have ex
tracted during week 94% | tons of ore. average as
! say value of which per sampler taken from cars in
i mine was $46 62 p»r ton.
In working to north from above mentioned up
raise on seventh and eighth floors 50 feet. above
i sin door have followed streak of ore varying r mi
2 to 4 feet In width, assaying about $25 per ton.
1600 level— ln working out to southwest from
! east crosscut run from top of upraise 23 feet above
sill floor of this level at a point 230 feet south of
j north boundary line of the- mine are following
' narrow streaks of ore and fillings which continue
!to appear and will pay to save. Extracted from
; this point 18 tons of ore. assaying $,£> 48 per ton.
1000 level— West crosscut 2 started at point in
the iior.h drift 550 fee- north from Oon. V. shaft
1 has been advanced. 30 : feet, total lensrh 80
feet; continuing In porphyry with cluy Reparations
and a slight seepage of water. The total extraction
of ore tor the week amounted to 112% tons, avi-r
--age assay value of which, per sample* taken from
cars when raised to surface, was $48 63 per ton.
Following Are the Highest Prices During
the Past Week.
Alpha
Alt* ............
Ancles
Belcher
Best & .Belcher..
80die......: .:...
Bullion
Bniwer
Caledonia
Challenge
Ch01iar... „'...;..
Con. Oat A Va. .
Confidence ..
Crown Point
Gould & Curry.
Uale & Xorcroas
Mexican ...... '..
Mono
Ophlr
0verman.... ....
Occidental.......
1'0t0a1.... ..;.....
5avage...... ....
Beg. Belcher...,
Sierra Nevada..
Union :....
Utah.,...
Yellow Jacket..
.....
1
):
31
1.
71
1.71
1
1
31
71
jThrs.j Jtri. [ Sat.
3"I 01! 08
17, 16 1H
:«: SI I 31
*9- US 1»
tfhi til* 60
• •JK 28! 31
09 09 08
I .■•-' 32 46
OS;
35 34 'IV
48 47 i '45
1.65 1.65 1.70
it& 92 ......
49 48! 45
SI 30 28
| 1.20 I.VO 1.20
55 65 .61
12 la 10
l.liO 1.15 1.15
16 14; 14
95 88 81
42 40 88
37 36 S3
09 «7 05
7a «-*! 16
71 681 65
08 08 .09
43 41 39
53) 50! 4'
BOARD SALES.
Following were tho sale* la the San Francisco
StocK Board yesterday:
REGULAR MORNINO SKSSION- COMMK.VCINn 9:30.
150 8ent0n...20|300 Crown Pt.44i1 60 s Nev....66
300 C1i01Ur....43'100 .......... 45 500 do
200 441100 Occidtl.:.:Bl 5()'» Union. . . .64
60 CC&V ..1.«5 350 Potosi .....38 100 V Jackt...3B
900 C 1mp.... .01|300 Savage.. ..33l . <
! Following were the bale* in tba I'acillc ,Stooic
Board yesterday: .... ■
EKoiaxK skssion— lo:3o.
400 Alpha... O8 500 Ca1eda....07[300 Mexican..62
600 Alia ...... 161400 dialing.. .3Ol3OO 51
300 Andes 30400 Ch0imr.... 44 200 Occid 81
500 Belcher....24 i Soo C C * V..13/ B '6oo ....;.. .....80
200 ...V.. :.:..23 100 V........ .1. 6u;500 .........:.. 79
350 B<Jtß.. 65:150 Conn... 95 200 Ophlr 1.17%
4<>o 63i200 Con 1mp.. .01 l 400 Uvrmn... .14
400 80die..... 30600 Cron P1...44300 P0t0»i.....59
850 ...........31|300 .............42|800 5ava«re.....34
1200 ..'."..-."..'..32100 Excnqr...o4 500 Scorpion..o4
300 Bullion.. 08 700 O & U.....29 500 S 1* As M...07
200 8ui wer... 391300 HAN ...1.15 400 S Nev....67
400 ...40 100 Julia. 041300 Union C...
200 ............41 200 Justice.. ..lo 400 ............63
900 ............44 300 Kentuck..o6 400 Utah 07
200 .. ....... ...46 1000 L Wash..Os 450 V Jacket.,3B
400 ............45 600 Mono 1 2 1400l 400 ............87
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, March 28-12*.
S,<l.A»kKi.\ 1 -..- Btd.Atk*d.
Alpha C0n..... 08" :09 Jack50n........ 40 —
A«»..;... ...... 15 16 oil*. ........ 06 07
Ande5........-'' 30 ,32 J05t1e*. ........ 10 11
Belcher 21 22! KentucK. ...;.. Oft 06
Beat <fe Beloner. 61 62 Lady Wasn.... — 05
Bodie ...... 30 31 Mexican.;..... 61 52
Ben ton C0n.... '20 . 25 Mono 10 —
8u11i0n......... 08 09 Nevada Queen. — «05
Bnlwer.. .-....- "44 4b\ Occidental .78 79
Caledonia 07 09 0phir..;.......X. 15 130
Challenge Uoa. . 27 29 Overman ...._ 14 15
Ch011ar. ........ 43 44 Potom .".......„• 37 38
Con.Cal.diVa.l.BO 1.65 s?avt re ........ 33 34
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Sen. BelcQer... 05 '08
Confldencß — 1.00 Sierra Nevada, 05 (6
fon.Kew Yoric 03 . 04 5c0rpi0n....... 03 05
Crown l*oint... 43 44 Silver HU1..... 01 02
KMtSierraltev — 04 Syndicate... — 02
Kzcneqaw....; 04 06' Union Con.. 63 64
Eureka c0n.... — 26jti*a ......... OS 09
(iouid <fc Curry. 28 . 29i Yellow Jacket. 37 38
Hale«fc>oi-cr».1.15 1.201
GOLD MIXING EXCHANGE.
200 Ama1ie. ....... . : 215 ' Keystone .......
200. 2 20 Bid. ......50 00
50 Champion ......13 00; ." Providence ::f;%*~*
100 Grant 42 Rid...... 55 00
200 4l|Asked..... .....75 00
800 40 300 Savannah -:29
1300 .... .. 39 800*..;..'........:..-%' SO
Bid 38500... ......:- 31
A5ked............... 40,600 Thorpe ......... 90
SO Kennedy 15 001
LOCAL SECURITIES. ■ - ; , -
30 Hawaiian C0mmercia1........... . 18 50
Bid 25 Spring Valley Water. 100 00
50 San Iranclsco Ga5... ..'.Y... .;.... 85 00
20 do ". 8525
STOCK AND' BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 28-10:30 a. m.
rMIKDSTAT<a BONDS. .
v £i<f. Asked. Bid.- Asked.
V B4Btt>np..lOHy 2 — U64i re*.. .108V3 - .:■:,
Do, new 1a. .1163/1,118 . •
• MIHCKI.I..AXKOT7S BOND*.
Cal-«tCbless.lloy 4 113 !Do. 2d Iss 6s. — —
Cal Elect 6s. lll . — 1 1' &O Ry 6s. 105 120
CntraCWos. — 95% P&Ch Rv6s. — 10«
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-Bt.RRBs. — 11»%
EdanLAP 6s.lliy a — Reno. WlxfcL, — 105
F&CHRR63. - 105y 2 1 River W Co6s — 100
Cearv-8tR65.1023/i - ~i>acioP *L. .100 102%
LosAneL.63. — 101 '3F<S:NPBRS«IOI3/8)02
Do.Gnted.tts. - 105 ibPßßAriz6s — 84
Jklkt-atC'ble6sl23 - Kl'RKCal6s»lo7^ —
Doß.vConss..lOH 107 IsPitßCalOs- — ■97 Vi
NevCNgRTs. 99V4 9«5/ 8 Bk'BrßCal6s. 96V4100
N PCKK63. - JsVWater6s..ll9y 3 1^0V4
Ry Cal 6s. — 105 alerts.- — 100
KRyCalss. — - StkmU&Etfj — 103.
Oak (i as 55..100 104y fcunstT.fcT63.loo —
Do. 2U 18S 63.104 — Sutter-stRSs-llOiA —
Omnibus 65.. 120 — VisaliaWCtte — 92
VncLiollMtia.. — —
■ v. ' WAT KB STOCK*.
Contra Costa — 50 (Pan J05e..... 75 100
MarlnCa... 49 - |SprlngVaUeylooJ / 4100y2
CAS STOCKS.
Capital....... — 40 ! Pacific Light. 443,4 45
Central ..... 95 — Ban * rancsoo 843/ a 35
Oak LJt H. 61 — Stockton..... — «iy a
pMCUaslmp. 8214 83 |
■.' IN!>I'R\.NCK "tTOCICi.
FiremansFd.l7o 180 |Sun 4J —
rUMMKIICIAL BANK «Tr»<~lC«.
Amerr.&TC. — — |Lon<lonP<&A.i27Vfel32y
Anglo-Cal... 60 55 |London&SF. — 27Vs
Bank of CaL. 237 — ,Mercli Ex».. li —
CaISDATCo.. 575/ a6O Nevada. — • —
FlrstNationl.l7B ' 1 82 y 2 ; bather BCo» — —
Uran^ers — — 1 ;
SAVINGS BANK STOCK*.
GerS&LCo..l42s — Pav&Loan.. — 1021 A
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 i Security...... - 260
Mutua1....... 371/3 40 Union Truss. — 830
ssl-'faav Union — . 486
STKKKT RAILROAD STOCK*.
California...: — |oak,BL&Hay — 100
Uenry-st 60 . 7' VSs Presidio — 15
Markei-5t . . .. 4?y 8 — |Sutter-st — —
*. . »WSVI)KR BTOCK4. -
Atlantic D... loy 1 6y 3 Judson — —
California.... — 98 Vigonu 40c 75c
Ulant. .:..... 17y a 19 '
Ml'l'hLl.AN'fnr^ srort <«. "
Alaska Pkrs. 92 93y ;OceanlcSSCo 15 IS
BlkDCoalCa — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalfotMUls.. — — jl'ac Borax... 93 100
CalUrvDoclc — — Pac IAN Co. — 80
Edison Light. 105 10m lac Roll Mill 29Vs 42 V %
(.iasConAs-in. — — ParfPaintCo. 63/ 8 7V»
Gfr Lead 1,0. 8V?y a — iPacTransCo. — 24
JIawC&SCo™ 193/ 8 19 PacTA '"'Co PO —
HutchSPCo.. 18% 18% BunsetT&T.. 41 '—'■■
JudsonMfgC. — ----- lUnitedCUu.. — .25
Mir Li lUU 110 I
Mtiiisixn IRWIOV
Board— so Iltiwaiian Commercial, 1914; 20 Pa
cilic Lighting Co, 443, i: 5" H V Gaalighr, 84%: 85
do. 85; BO s V Water. 100S/ 8 ; $10,000 S V 6%
Bonds, 11934. " -;.:•; ;
Street— 2 .fireman's Fund Ins, 176.
A Footpad Put to Flight.
A generous offer — "Your money or your
life!" shouted the footpad, with more
brusquerie than is rermitted in social
circles where real diamonds are worn.
"Permit me," said the gentlemanly book
agent, opening his valise, "to offer you, in
lieu of insisrniticant existence, tins calf
hound, gilt-edjjed, hand-tooled 'Life of
Napoleon,' in three volumes, payable on
the installment plan. Make your own
terms; we never disappoint a subscriber,
and if" —
He found himself alone. — Indianapolis
Journal.
THE CAXX CALENDAR.
March. 1896.
Bu. Mo. Xu. \V. Th.
12 3 4 6
8 9 10 11 12
j i
16 16 17 18 16
I |_ I
22 j 23 24 25 26
29 30 31 - |
! Kr.
13
I
120I 20
! y a _ j Moon's
7
14 :
ft&\ New Moon.
'-&/ March J4
m
3 First Qua
March
C^ Full Ma
\&f March
Uti.A.\ STKA-kiJt-li!*.
Oaten o" Departure t rom San KrancUro.
'-:*TI VATKIN i
SAIL*.
PI KB.
Queen P0rt1and....... Mcli»'9.loam Pier 24
>Bralion \ aouina liav. Me hi' 9, OAM Pier 2
L'mailUa ■ Vie * ' *»2t Snii Moh 30. 9am Pier 9
Peru . China <fc Japan Men 30. 3mi V3l S8
Corona fan Oieao Mel) 3o. Pier 11
P0m0na..... : Hurubol<ltilay MchHO. 2pm Pier 9
Homer . nt»; Hay MchH), !SpJi Oceanic
Areata.....: loos Bay Mcl>3l.l'J M Pier 13
Araeo foo.i iiav Apr l.luiy Pier l.(
Weeott...... Rel Kiver Apr 1. »am Pier 13
Kurelca .Newoor: ." Apr 1, Sam Plerll
Alameda — Sydney :.;. Apr 'i, SSpm Oceanic
Sunol GravsHnrDor. Apr 2. '^pw Pier "JO
Ucl>orie.. Urava Uaroor. Apr J5. 4pm — - —
Pint* of cai I'orciariii. Apr 3.IUAM Pior'il
>ii;:iit"i*.. San U1ea0..... Apr :I.llam l'li*U
Alllanciiar:: P0rt1and....... Apr 3. 6fm Pier 13
CityPut-b.a.. Vie & I'm Sn.l Apr 4, 9aw Pi«r a
«! Pnui Newport .....'. Apr 5. 9am Pier II
Orizaba...... .Mexico 1 Apr 5,10 am Pier 11
STKAMKKS TO AKItlVi;.
>>ri.:uni |
ruciM
I I'll*
l riIIKCB
ecott ........ !
Pomona.
Arcata j
Sunol
Willamette Vaj. !
Kureka. .........
Araeo '
H0mer.......... '
Crescent City...
<"itv or Kveretl :
City or Pueoia..
Klateof Ca!..... :
South Coast
Del None ........ :
Canta Uosn . ..'. |
Han Benito .. i
Alice Blancnard
Hl'aui '
Wellington ; '
A capu1c0 ."....;..
ijueen '..... ;
Corona... i
Walla Wa11a.... i
North .F0re....; !
Tlllamoolc
' Kei Itiver .....; ..........
Humboidi 8ar.....
t'ooi 8ar.....:
Urays Harbor
' Mexico,...
Newport
Coos .bay..
'Coo-? ±say
Crescent City......
NanaJmo..... ..
Victoria & I'iue; Mound
tort land
; Portland
Grays liar nor
! san Dieco
San Diego ... ..■
Portland
Newport. ."
Departure 8ay ..........
I'aiiama
Portland
i Ban Diego.
I Victoria <£ Pusret sonna
' HumboiiU bay.:...: ...
..Mcu29
..Mch'29
..Mcha9
..Mch*J9
..Men 30
i.M'cbSO
..Men SO
..Men 30
..Men 30
..Men 30
..Mch MO
..Men 31
. Men Sl '
..Mch 31
..MchSi
..Apr 1
..Apr 1
..Apr 1
 . Pr 3
..Apr 3
..Apr .4
..Apr 5
'..Apr 5
..Apr 5
;..Apr : 5
Sl'N, MOON AM> TIDK.
U. 8. Coast axi> Geodetic Stovit Tidi)
Bfllkti.v Published bx Official >-
Authority OF THK SnPKIIINTKNDEXT. )
: Sunday, March 149." -
Sunrises. ...... ......B.BGlMoon rises...... am
Sun sets..: *. 0. 33. M00n sets..
March- 1896.
c
H
I Time
L w
Time
H W
:l w
UlEl Feet
H \V
30
31
A
1
a
3
—0.1 12.05 6.0 6.51 0.7 I
Feet i L W I Feet II \V I F.- et L W Feet
6.2 6.20 —0.2 1 1.041 4.8 6.28 1.2
6.3 1 7.14-0.3 2.06 4.6 7.08 j 1.7
6.2 8.07-0.3 3.20 4.0 7.48 1.8
6.2 9.08—0.41 4.42 B.B] 8.38 2.2
6.0 10.1. -0.4 6.05 3.6 9.48 8.7
| 4.7 11.21 -0.6 ! 7.16 3.7 11.20 2-8
1.
,17
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides th*
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
Order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heiKhts given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and thon the number given is subtractlve
from the depth eiven by the chart*
UYOBOGBAPHIG BULLETIN.
Ebanch llyi>rooraphic Office, U. 3. X. V
:, Merchants' Exchanok. . • > •
Bak Franctsco, Marco 28. 189 ft. ■.)'■-■-.
The time ball on Telegrapn Hill wasviroppeil
exactly at noon to-day— c., at noon of - the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. it., Greenwich time.
• ■ ; A. F. PFCHTKI.KB, j
. Lieutenant U. S. N.. In char«e.
SUXFPINU iMKI.I.IGfcMi;.
Arrived,
, SATURDAY. March 28. j
Stmr Corona, Hall, 60^ hours from San Diego
and way ports : pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
& Co. : .■.•■■■.-.■■ ■ ..'"■■•'■■ ■■-.....■■-•■:/
Nlc stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyre. 84 hours from
Departure Bay : 2600 tons coal, to R Dunsmulr <fc
Sons. : ■ '-„ ■ ■■ ■■-■•-"■■■..;••■■■. -' ■•■■■'.■■ v. j-;;
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, 6 days and 12 hours
from Honolulu; pass and . mclse, to J I) Spreckels
Bros & Co. ;..,.■-■•■■.■. ;-. : :>■■>•■-■: t- -. -.■
. Tog Barclay Golden, Hansen, 66 hours from San
Diego; ballast, to Pacific Marine Supply Co. - :
■ Stmr Truckee, Thomas, 80 ? hours from TlUa
mook; lumber; to Truckee Lumber Co. "'•',:'
= ShlD Glory of the Seas. ' 7 . days from ; Departure
Bay; 3327 tons coal, to X Dunsmulr & Sons.
Ship Elwell, Kyder, 16 day* from Nanaimo;
2221 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's Sons. . -
Br ship Walden Anbey. Sherris. 143 days from
Hamburtr, via Cuxhaven 10l days: mdse. to
Meyer. Wilson <fc Co.
Bark Coryphene, (jrant. 30 days from Honolulu;
ballast, to Geo W Hume & Co.
Bark C I> Bryant, .lacobsen, 23 days from Ilono
lulu: 24,423 bags sugar, to Williams, Dimond it
Co.
Bark Guardian, M^arden. 11 days from Hoodport;
lumber and piles, to W J Adams.
Bktn Catherine .Sudden. Killman, 12 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to S H'Harmon Lumber
Co.
Schr Bertie Minor. Raven, 22 days from Hono
lulu s sugar, to J 1) Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Volant, Errat, 20 days from Mahukona;
sugar, to J D spreckois <fc Bros Co.
Schr Elvenia, Erickson, 7 days from Bn
reka; 165 M ft lumber, to J C Hawley.
Bear Daisy Rowe. Olsen, 12 days from Grays
Harbor: lumber, to S E Slade Lumber Co.
Schr Mary and Ttla, Kistine. 10 days fro-n Grays
Harbor: 245 M ft lumber, to Wilson Bros& Co.
schr Eureka, Wershulelt, 11 days from Cooiiille
River: 176 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Lily, Bottser, 8 days from Umpqua: lum
ber, etc, to Gardiner Mill Co; 50 bxs apples, to
Eveleth A Nash.
Schr Anna, Macdonald, 16 days from Mahukona;
suear, to J D Spreckels <fe Bros Co.
Schr James A Gartleld, Palmgren, 8 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr (jotama, Bris.sem, 4 days from Coos Bay:
223 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
SehrC H Merchant. Brannan. 8 days from Coos
Bay; 3«3 M ft lumber, to E B Dean <fc Co.
Schr Liezie Prien, Nelson. 151 days from Co
fjuille River; 200 M ft lumber, to Chas F Doe A
Co.
Schr Laura May. Hansen. 11 days from Grays
Harbor: lumber, to Pacific Pine Lumber Co.
Schr Guide. Olsen, 10 days from Willapa. Har
bor: lumber, to J A Lacy.
Schr S Danielson, C'ranglc, 7 days from Siuslaw
River: 145 M ft lumber, to Oakland Lumber Co.
Oakland direct.
.->chr Mayflower, Olsen, 7 days from Siuslaw
River: 125 M ft lumber, to \V A Beadle.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, 4 days from
Coquille River; 170 hi ft lumber, to C F Doe A Co.
v •' Clear hii.
SATURDAY, March 28.
Stmr Portland.Humphrey, Seattle; Pacific Steam
Whaling Co.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka; Charles
Nelson. ■
Stmr San Bias. McLean, Panama: P M S Co.
Stmr Cmatilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send ; Goodall, Perkins A Co.
stmf Queen, Green, Astoria; Goodall, Perkins
A Co. ■•
Schr Glen, Jonjensen, Rarotonga: I E Thayer.
;■-,- Sailed.
SATURDAY, March 28.
Stmr San Bias. Lean, Panama, etc.
Stmr Progreso. Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Brags.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Dora, Hnnsen, Sitka.
Stmr Portland, Humphrey, Seattle.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield. Tacoma,
Stmr St Paul, Leland, San Pedro.
Br ship William I. aw, Abbott, Gnmsby.
Schr Laura Pike. Anderson, Eureka.
Schr H C Wright. Bruin Tacoma.
Scbr Bender Brothers. Thompson, Point Arena.
Scnr .Bessie X, Anderson, Albion.
</har:»r*. .
The bark Martha Davis loads mdse for Honolulu ;
bark Gen Fairchild anil , snip St John coal at
Nanalmo for this port: Ger bark Khorasan, lum
ber on the Sound lor Guayaquil: schr Queen City,
lumber at Vancouver for Shanghai.
The Br ship Falls of Hatlaaule loads mdse for
Sydney, lump sum.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. March 28-10 p. M.-Weath»r
foggy: wind NW; velocity 32 miles.
Spoken.
Per Br ship Walden Abbey— Mar 2— L»t 5 S, long
111 30 W, Ital ship Caterina Accame, from Swan
sea, for San Francisco.
Jan 16. off Staten Island— Br bark Bass. Rock,
from Dunkirk, for San Francisco.
Jan 11— Lat 44 S, long 62 W. Br ship Holt Hill,
from Liverpool, for ban Francisco.
Domestic Ports.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar i:8-Stmr Alice Blanch
ard. for Han Francisco.
'■■ NEW Arrived Mar 28— Stmr Alcazar, fm
Stewarts Point .-v
--•IVERSEiVS LAN DING- Arrived Mar 28-Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Mar 24.
• POINT REYES— Passed MaT 28— Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Comox, for Port Los Angeles: ship
Glory of the Seas, from Departure Bay, for San
Francisco.
'NEHaLEM RIVER— Mar 26— Schr
Chetoo, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Balled Mar 28-Stmrs Arago and
Arcata, for San Francisco. •;■:-.
ALBlON— Sailed Mar 27— Schr Sacramento, for
San Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM-Arrlved Mar 28-Schr Gen
Banning, hence Mar 21.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived Mar 28-Schr Ottil
lie Fjord, hetiC; Mar 21.
POKTGAMBLK-Salled Mar 28-Schr Fred E
Sanders: brig Courtnev Ford, for Honolulu.
SAN DlKGO— Arrived Mar 28— Schr Sequoia.fm
Port Ua*llock.:- :".-*.
sailed Mar 28— Nor stmr Peter Jebssn, for Na
nalrno/3SMntM
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived Mar 28-Br
Fcrubank/frum Antwerp.
.TATOOSH— Passed Mar 27— Bark Nouantum,
from Honolulu, for Port Townsend; stmr Walla
Walla, hence Mar 25. for Victoria; bktn KliKltat,
from Honolulu for Port Gamble.
VENTURA— Arrived Mar 28— Stmr GcoLoomis
hence Mar Sift.
Sailed Alar 28— Stmr Geo Loom is. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Navarro.
.■EUREKA— Arrived Mar 28— Stmr Scotia, hence
Mar . "
Sailed Mar 28— Stmr Pomona, for San .Francisco.
iiastefii lor«.
NEW YORK— Cleart-a Mar 27— Ship A G Ropes,
for eau Francisco.
■-■■"-,'. Foreign Ports.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Mar 27— Br bark
Beeswing, from Astoria. .
Hailed Mar 27— Br snip Oweonee. for Hull.
FLEETWQOD— Arrived Mar . 27— Br ship Scot
tish Moors, hence 9. oi i? : :' C"',
WEST1 J OKT— Arrived Mar 25— French bark-
Pierre Corneille. lienc- Oct 6.
PANAMA— sailed Mar Stmr City of Para,
for San Francisco. ■»
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar s— Stmr Alameda,
from Sydney. Mar 7-Bktn J'M Griffiths, troia
Port Townsend. Mar 8--Ger bark H Hackfeld,
hence Feb '22: tier tiar': Orient, from Hongkong:
Mr sclir Mascot; from Victoria. Mar- 9--Bktn C C
Funk, hence Feb 19. Mar 10— Kr stmr Mlowera,
from Victoria. - I.iarJ3^Hawßtmr Iwa. hence Feb
11. Mar 15— Brsttnr Warrimoo, from Sydney:
Mnr 16-Brig Morning Star, irom Reek. Mar 20—
Br stmr Mount Lebannon, from Yokohama.'
Sailed Mar s— Bark C D Bryant and schr Bertie
Minor, for San Francisco Mar 11— stmr Mio
wera, for Sydney. Mur 12— Jap stmr Chlydo Maru
for Yokohama. Mar 13— Br schr Mascot, for
Japan Coast. Mar 14— Barks Mohican and Alden
Besse, for San Francisco: Br simr Monowal, for
Sydney. Mar 15— Brstmr Warrimoo. for Sydney.
Mar 16— Nic bark Bundaleer, for Port Townsend.
Mar 18— schr Alohii. for San Francisco. Mar 21
Ship lroquois, for New York. Mar 20— Bktn J M
Griffiths, for Port Townsend;, schr. Alice Cooke,
for San Francisco. .
To sail Mar 11— Brstmr Mount Lebanon, for
M A HULOXA— Sailed Feb 4— Schr H C Wright,
for Sari Francisco.  " • •
lULO— Arrived Mar B— Haw bark Santiago, hnc
Feb24.— • ■•■'■' - •-■'■■■-
KAHULUI— Arrived Mar 9-Schr John D Tal-
heace .Feb 26. Mar 10-Schr Mary Dodge,
hence Fob 21. -■■.
To sail .Mar 13— Bark Hesper, for San Francisco.
Movement!* or Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 28— Stmr Britannic,
from Liverpool; stmr St Louis, from Houthbamp
ton: stmr Umbria, from Liverpool and Queens
town, ■■■■'.: . .
Sailed Mar 28— Stmr Campania, for Liverpool;
stmr La Normandie, for Havre; sum r Moravia, for
Hamburg: stmr Ems. for Genoa, Naples, etc: itmr
Maasdam,- for. Rotterdam: stmr Ethiopia, for
Glasgow; stmr ls!snd, for Stettin, Copenhagen,
etc; stmr Massachusetts, for London.
BREMEN— Arrived out Mar 27— Stmr Stutt-
AMPTON— Sailed Mar 28— Stmr St Paul,
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Mar 28— Stmr La Bourgogne,
for New York. ■ . ■
BREMEN— SaiIed Mar 27— Stmr Halle, for New
York. -
LIZARD— Passed Mar 28- Stmr La Touraine.fm
New York, for Havre, •■:•■.-.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Mar 28— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Oriental cruise, ror New York.
PItAWLE POlNT— Passed Mar 28-Btmr Mo
hawk, from New York, for London.
Importations". ;
HONOLULU— Per Australia— B7l4 Dag sugar,
2925 bags rice. 143 bafts coffee, 250 bags pine
plants. 96 bags bones and horns,. 7307 bunches
722 bxs oananas. 18 bxs pineapples. 4 bxs man
goes, 8 bxs betel leaves. 10 parcels, 868 dry hides,
865 bdls green hides.. 23 bd'.s skins, 615 empty
beer kegs, 24 pkgs mdse.
SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— 937 bxs oranges, 6
bxs butter, 1 cs honey, 1 cs poker chips, 60 cs axle
grease. 2 bbls oil, 10 bxs 1 bale tobacco. 1 cs cigars, i
1 roll carpet, 2 bxs preserves. Ibx crackers, 1 bx i
mdse. 1 - chest tea, 2 cs cheese, 1 coop chickens, !
1 coop poultry. 7 bxs fish, 5 kegs olives, 1 cs under- ;
wear, 1 cs stationary, 5 pkgs mdse, 1 cs dry goods, j
6 bxs limes, 18 sks prunes, 1 bx feathers, 12 bdls
dried fish. 1 cs beeswax, 503 bxs lemons.
■ Port Harford— I coop poultry, 2 coops chickens.
2 cs cheese, 1 bx tea, 1 cs • bacon, 1 cs hams. 7
bxs fish, 4 sks beans, 69 cs eggs. 60 tubs 158 bxs
butter, 4 bdls hides and pelts, 13 sks dried fruit.
i * Santa Barbara— l bx oranges, 2 . crates bikes, 2;
bxs instruments, 118 bxs lemons, 12 sks crawfish,
2 bxs green fruit., 2 bxs butter, 'i bbls wine.
1 Los Angeles— so tierces lord, 1 cs honey, 1 bx
dried fruit, 1 bx T crossing. 3 pkjes dry goods, 2
bxs transmitters, 86 bxs oranges, 10 bales cotton,
1 pkg mdse. " :
Port Los Angeles— 2oo sks corn, 12 bxs lemons,
10 '.-.ills 393 bxs oranges. 20 sks peas.
J " Newport— 469 bxs oranges, 19 cs honey. 2 rolls
carpet, 150 bxs lemons, 4 bbls sweet potatoes. <
| Kedondo-308 bxs oranges, 1 sk coffee, 1 bx tan
gerines, 1 cs pipes, 1 cs shoes. 75 bxs lemons, 1 bx
machinery, 1 sk beans. I sk rolled oats, 2 bxs
starch. : . :
- '■■' ■■- ' ■' Connlcnefti. - ' .-
Per Australia— Chlnda & Flaoh; Chee Chon?;
Chee Chung & Co; I Chicago Brewery; Enterprise
Brewery; Eveleth * Nash; Gould A Jaudin: Jones
& Co: G Killer Allen: Garcia* Magglni; Hyman
Bros; H Peterson : ■ ' JI) Spreckels <t Bros Co. ■ J C
Rued A Co: J Ivaneovich & Co; M Phillips & Co;
L « Sresovlch <fc Co; M S Grinbaum A Co; Mrs A S
Parke: M D Vanvalis: . National Brewery: Man
Hop Yuen Kee; Neuberger, Reiss Co; O Daniel ;
Pope Mfg Co; Quoug Kee: Qnong Ham Wo; Royal
Eagle Distillery Co: > Schweitzer & Co; Sao Fran
cisco Brewing Co; T H B Varney: The Butterlclc
Pub Co; v Williams. Dlmond A Co; Welch & Co;
Washburn <£ Moon: Young Kee. > : : :.'
9 Per Corona— Gray & Barbierl ; Wood. Curtis A Co;
Wet more Bros: , L Scatena A Co; D Blagl A Co; D
H Ros8; Campodonlco <& Malcolm: A S Winslow;
Newmark & Edwards; Brig ham. Hoppe & Co: Sun
set T and T Co: Dairymen's Union; Office Specialty
Co: Hulse, Bradford & Co; General Electric Co:
Goodall, Perkins A Co: Schilling * Co; Bennett A
Murray; -DE Allison & Co; C P Helnnger: White
Sewing Machine Co: J ri Cain A Co; H J McHugh:
Buckingham, Hecht A Co'; ; Minaker A Welbankt;
W W Jones: P Parks; P \V Chamberlain: Bartlett
Springs Mineral Water Co: FHAmes&Co; JP
Jiedington: R Behlon: Pacific Ammonia and
Chemical Works; Deere Imp Co: CCarpy&Co:
Enterprise Brewery: Naiiona! Brcwprv; Kohlnr &
Frohllng: Allen i<e Lewis; Dalton Bros: Badiam
Bros: American I'nion Fish Co: Garcia & Magsini;
A Paladinl: X Behloh; Mllanl ft Co: A Levy A Co;
Inglenook Vineyard Co; C E Whimey Jk Co; M X
Harmon A Co; J lvancovicn <X Co; Arctic Oil
Works: Hiimer. BredttoiT <fe Schulz; S Jacobs: G R
S:arr&Co: Cal Bottling Co; Buffnlo Browery: S
Harris; H Ueckman<& Co; H Kirchmann <fe Co:
Pacific Coast Home Supply Association:
Standard Oil Co: Wifl-nd Brewinc Co: Pac Const
Butchers' Supply Association: Thomas Longhran;
Frwk'rii-ksbtin: Brewery ; Marshall. Teggart tfc Co;
Feiliner, Crcssy A Co; Jonas Erlanger »t to: F A
Cleveland; Witzel A Baker: Wheaton. BreonA Co:
De Bernardi & Co; B G Ruhl <fe Co: Hills Bros: Pac
Coast Fish Co: Kowalsky & Co; H N Tiiden <S Co:
G Camilloni & Co: Norton, Teller A Co: Labor Ex
chansre: Martin. Feusier^fcCo; (iould & Jaudin: H
o Greenboed; I)od(?e, Sweeney »6 Co; Immel <S Co:
Milwaukee Brewery; San Francisco BrewlneCo;
W & J Sloane A Co; Hn»o KlarnDur: t oop & Pipp;
Kllis PubiisliinE; Co; Linen Wash System Co; Pac
Transfer Co; McDonough <!t Runyon: Whitland A
Co: Wilson <fc Baechtel; WP Fuller & Co; H S
Emerson ftCo: A Galli Fruit Co; Clayburgh A
Golcher: Evoleth & Nash; Levi Spiegel A Co; JA
Allen: M T Fr»ltas A Co: H Dutard; F B Haight;
Getz Bros A Co; J P Thomas.
for Lnt' Shipntnfi Jyitrlllpence See Twelfth Pact:
SSL OFFICE FURNITURE
Sg^^l AND FIXTURES.
Igfigif C > F. WEBER & CO.,
<*^^^**^ :mn to .nor. Post St.. cor. Stoi?V-t ■
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
"SB - EOROPET
All Traveling Expense! Included.
THE 24TH ANNUAL MAY PARTY
Sails by the White Star Line Steamship
MAJESTIC, May «. Other departures May 16,
23, 28, June 10. 17, 27. All arrangements strictly
first class. Illustrated programmes free. Railroad
and steamship tickets to all points. •
THOMAS COOK A SON",
621 Market St., 8. F.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM JSrS^.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as JHHHC
follows: _„
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Jnneau. Kil-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at a a. st, March 16, 25,
30, April 14. 29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town- •
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
March 5, 10. 16, *0, 25, 30. and every fifth :
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver -with
the C. P.. K. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. B,
at Seattle with G. N. By., at Pore Townsend wita
Alaska steamers. •
For Eureka, ArcaU and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., Mtirch 2, 6, 10,
14. 18, 22, 26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncos,
Port Harford (San. Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., March
4, K. 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter. •_!•■
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M., March 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Faz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m.. April 5.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
GOODALLi PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
PACIFIC coast steamship compasi
CUTJRATES
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
Pirat Class •■ &0.00
Second Class 3O OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — New Montgomery Street
aOODALL, PERKINS it CO..
Geueral Agents*
astlaljpoetland.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California sails March 24 and April 3
Columbia sails.. March 20 and April 8
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
6OODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
: ; . —
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATL ANTIQUE
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER (XE\V).42 NORTH Ajß
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by £ae£Z
this line avoid both transit ay .English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small '
boat. New YorK to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first-class 60: second-class, $116.
LANORMANDIE,Capt.DeIoncIe.,.
, . ..f...... April 4, SA.K
LA TOU RAINE, Capt. Santelli...
■ »•-■ ;... ............April 9 —
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon
;.. .- April 11, 8:00 a. X
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rape
April 18, 3 a. m
tfjg- For further particulars apply to ■■•-,■■
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUG AZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ::
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS T0
HAWAII, SAMOA, LZ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl by
AUSTRALIA. \JS.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. ALAMEDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April 2,
ft S. s! AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Toes.,
April 7, at 10 a. m. Special party rates. '_ -
Line to COOLG ARDIE, Aust.. and CAPETOWN,
5. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agts..
•, 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
WHITE STAR LIKE.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
BETWEEN
New York, Queanstown & Liverpool, •
SAILING EVERY WJ££K.
CABIN, »60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- fllffl
In? to steamer and accommodations SHHsS
selected ; second cabin, f36 and *40; Majestic and ■
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire- ■
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to »an Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
j from W.H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, oratta*
t General Office of the Company, 618 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. O. W. FLETCHER. •
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
NETHERLANDS AMERICA! STEAM SAYf.
GATION <M?ANY._
New York to Boulogne .(Paris), Rot-
■ terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
9 A. M.
Cheapest route to Europe. ' First cabin $45 and
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowest steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local ticket agent ;or
; THOU A s cook & SO.V, Pacific Coaat passengef
agents, 621 Market at., 8. F.
| ROYAL MAIL STEAMJAdET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL Hill
fortnightly for the West Indies and «ISHi
Southampton, calling en rout* at Cerbourgo,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. '• • ■ -<-'■■
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
! pacific Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. ■ First class. $195; third
_!■, 997 Ml For further particulars apply to
VABROTT & CO., Agents,
• ' . 308 California st.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave [ Pier No. 3, Washington St*
.At5P. M, Dally, Except. Sunday. ;
AT* Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. . .
: STEAMER j:
T. C. Walker. - • J. D. Peters, "; : .;
Mary CJarratt, City of StocktOß.
Telephone Main 806. Cm, Nay. and Impt. Co.
FALLEJO. MARE ISLAND; 'BENICIA; PORT
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STR. MONTICEIXO, \'j J
Dally, - except Saturday and Sunday— lo3o _, * -
and 4 r.u.% Saturday, 12:30 noon; I
■ bnnday— 6 r. v.
. •4 only.
Landing, mission 1, Pier 9.
■■'-■■■■■ . . ■ ■ - .— ■- ' . ':
2728
OAKLAND SHOTS AHEAD.
The Result of the Police Rifle
Match at Shell Mound
Park.
SAN FRANCISCO "NOT IN IT."
The Winning Team Entertained at
Dinner at the Expense of the
Losers.
The rifle match between ten men from !
the San Francisco and Oakland police de- !
partments, which nas been for some
months rapt arousing the greatest interest
in the departments, toot place at Shell
Mound Park yesterday afternoon and re-
Bolted In a victory for the Oakland men by ■
14 points.
lhe Ban Francisco team, accompanied
by Ceptain Wittman and several friends,
went across the bay with the 12 o'clock
boat, and on arriving at the park they ■
found the Oakland men with Captain
Fietcher waiting for them. Chief Lloyd
of Oakland was also with his men and j
watched the contest with the greatest in
terest. Among others present were: Gen
eral J. G. Wall, Captain Bradley, Captain
Hindeof the Pinkerton agency, Colouel j
Burns, ex-inspector of rifle practice in the ;
militia, ex-Captain Short, Sergeant Bethel
and ex-Sergeant Harmon.
Colonel Sam Beaver of the Bank of Cali- j
forma and Colonel McKillican, ex-Sheriff
of Alameda County, wore referees for the
Baa Francisco and Oakland teams respect
ively. Policemen C. Peters and Merrick
were scorers for San Francisco and police- .
men ?t:ihl and Careen for Oakland.
After Captain Wittman and Captain
Fletcher had each taken his team quietly ;
aside and spoken a few words of caution i
and encouragement to them no time was
lost in starting the shooting.
The team* were as follows: |
San Francisco— Harry Hook. 0. C. Phil- |
lips. L. C. Peters, W. W. Wilson, John !
Fleming, Thomas A. Atch son. George F. j
Mulcahey, J. H. Flinu, Smith Carr and !
Sergeant Nash.
Oakland— D. W. Swain. J. M. Cockerton,
L. E. Andrews, W. Kingsbury, C. E. I
Clarke, J. F. Sill, Frank Schroder, J. J.
McCarthy, Nick Williams and H. C. Ar
nest.
The distance was 200 yards, each man
firing ten shots, the possible being 50. j
There were two targets, M and P, and a '
man from each team tired alternately at
eacl» target for his ten shots. Each man
was allowed two sighting shots.
Harry Hook ana D, W. Swain, two old- ;
time rivals and comrades, laced each other
at M target. Hook firing the lirst shot in I
the match and scoring a center. Swain j
followed with a center, and the pair tin
ished with Swain, who is 61 years of age, 3
points ahead.
Phiilips and Cockerton opened the ball
at P target, the former firing the first shot,
a center. At the finish Cockerton was -
ahead.
The prettiest and most exciting compe
tition -was between Peters and Andrews,
who followed Hook and Swain. Peters
opened with a bullseye, Andrews with a
center. Peters scored another bullseye
and Andrews a center, and the spirits of
the ban Francisco men rose. Peters then
made four centers and Andrews two bulls
eyes and two centers, which made them
equal. Then each made a bullseye, a cen
ter and two bullseyes, ending in a tie — 15
each.
After this Oakland increased their lead. ■
The greatest gain was that of Schroder
over Mulcahev, seven points. Sergeant
Nash was unfortunate. His rifle was a
little under weight at the trigger and was j
rejected. He borrowed Fleming's, and as
he had never shot with it before he made
the poor score of 39, while his opponent j
made 4-' >. Flinn defeated McCarthy by i
four points and Smith Carr defeated Wil
liams by one point. These were the only
two of the San Francisco team to defeat !
their opponents. As stated before Peters !
and Andrews tied at 45 and Atchison and ;
Sill tied at 41. Schroder, with 40, was
the highest scorer of both teams and he '
won a pair' of trousers as the highest 1
scorer of the Oakland team. Peters, with (
45. won an ivory police whistle as the j
highest scorer of the San Francisco team.
None of the San Francisco team shot up !
•to .'their average, with the exception of j
Peters. On the contrary all the Oakland I
men, except McCarthy, were up to their
average and two or three were ahead of it. '
McCarthy of Oakland was the lowest ;
scorer, with 36, and "Wilson of San Fran
cisco next, with 38. .
The total for the San Francisco team !
was 409 and for the Oakland team 423, a !
majority for Oakland of 14. Following is j
the score :
OAKLAND TEAM.
Swain 4 46454555 4—46
Coclcerton 4 4 5 544544 4—43 ■
Andrews.- 4 4 4 5 5 4 5 4 5 6—45
Kingsbury 4 4 444 44 4 4— M9
Clarke 4 44544454 4-42 !
Sill 4 44344545 4-41 '
Schroder 45 5 554454 5—46
.McCarthy 4 3 3334444 4-36
Williams 4 4 4 5 4 4 4 4 5 5—43 i
Arnest ™5 44445446 4—43 j
Total .423 |
6AX FRANCISCO TEAM.
Hook 4 44464544 4—42 I
Phillips 4 3 4445544 4-41 i
Peters. 5 54444545 6—45 '
Wilson 4 44534343 4— .18 i
.Fleming 4 454 3 4634 4—40 !
Atchison '. 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 44 6—41 i
Mulcahy 3 4 3 464444 4—39
Klinn 3 44445444 4-40 !
' arr .4 44546554 4-44
Nash i 4 54434344 4—39
Total .....409
When the result was announced,- Cap- ]
tain Wittman jumped on top of one of the
tables and called for three cheers for the
winning team, which were given with
lusty rigor, Andrews' voice rising above
the din with a yell of
Who arc, who »re, who are we?
We are, we are O. P. I).
Captain Fletcher then called for three
• cheers for the San Francisco team, which
" were given with equal vigor.
The teams then adjourned to the dining
hall in Captain Siebe's. hotel in the park
' where a sumptuous dinner was partaken
* of at the expense of the losing team. Chief
Lloyd sat at the head of the main table,
and Captain "Wittman at the foot, Captain
Fletcher being at the head of the other
table and Sergeant Bethel at the foot.. Be
sides the teams, the referees, scorers,
markers and a few invited guests were
present. .
• After dinner several speeches were made
of congratulation to the winning teem and
of encouragement to the losers. A couple
of hours were pleasantly spent in toasts
and song, the party breaking up after sinir
inp "Auld Lang Syne."
The weather was all that could have
been desired for good shooting. The wind
was light, and although the light was a
trifle fluctuating it was not enough so as
to interfere with the shooting. The San
Francisco men acknowledged they were
beaten on their merits. They are not dis
couraged, however, and as Chief .Lloyd
threw out another challenge in the exuber
ance of victory, which was promptly
accepted by Captain Wittman, they expect
to get even with Oakland in the near
future. Captain Wittman will not make
the arrangements till after his return from
his three months' tour of the leading cities
in the Union.
"Crisis at Hand."
;■ "The Crisis at Hand." a lecture on prophecy |
In connection with the Armenian troubles, !
will be given by Dr. P. .Brett Morgan of the i
Keformed Episcopal Church, in Native Sons' !
Hall, at 3 o'clock this afternoon, Seats will be
free.
. » ♦ ■»
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. iiyan & Ryan, 10 Mohgomery avenue, . •
... l __^_._. _^.^ my TO-DAT-DRY GOOpg. __^_^
Nil. -'I. A" ' I 'l I fit MiliimiilOCliCllT 'Til Easter week and we greet you with Easter Novelties. ; The newest of the new, the : daintiest of the dainty. Easter - crowns the Spring
\\> l\ v , ,'i > :hi Mi ANNUUliUkllluN I • business. Stocks have their ups and downs, but ours i* strictly up to date for Eastertide. The attractions this year are unusually great.
IF 111 *• '*'■■' / ' Ft ThVstore in lar K e, gladsome and merry. Easter Novelties and Fancies greet you at every turning. Everything is. bright with the light of taster happiness.
V \ ' I / It Cn<i«<faan Cno/'iile Special prices to insure a busy Easter week. We reserve the right to limit TlTtTirin finnTifi
\\ v * x .' \ , I //- I 'I ■'OUrieeil OpeClrtlS. quan titles to give an equal distribution. None sold to dealers. These prices are 111/UVV I'llllllv
' \\\-\\ V " I fit / for ONE WEEK ONtY, or until goods are sold. We advise you to come early. IJIIIjIJU UUUJJIJi
%H ' vA rUI %%%%%%% 5 8 5 S 5 5 S
\sA\\ ' v \ ' Y/i ' i \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 77777Ti Our counters are lined with swell
\k\\ \C^ A »' //// ' STAPLE CHECK -GINGHAMS,: in blue and brown checks. LADIES' FAST BLACK HOSE, a good heavy quality, a Trade Easter Novelties. Fashion's latest ere-
A^\\\ \ ' 'if ■ Value 6 Vie yard. Limit— 2s yards to a customer. . Inducement. :-' J ;V ; ;' . j ations fresh from foreign factories.
>may --* // ■ Special Price, 4^o TEToI Special Price, 12%0 Pr i
-*~~ ■j/ BOX OF PAPETEBIE, contains 24 sheets and 24 envelopes. , mnrM^M Awn vtJTTwv amnanw «.»» !.« i TUFTED CREPON SUITING, 40 inches
.... ,■ ■: . . / S Value 10c. CHILDREN'S AND LNFANTS' LAWN BONN fancy open- * wl(Jp silk mixed, in light shades of tan,
: =^^J^^> 1^ Special Price, Go Bx worked crown, full ruche on front. gray 'and green, a swell Kaster novelty.
S^ £^^ SPRING PATTERN DIMITIES, all new goods, 27 inches wide. Special Price, ISO 13a ;:£ Price, 81.50 Yard
EASTER TRIMMINGS. FURNISHINGS. v ""°" "ssss^sssL. ™ y^sar%*Hß*-"~ w ' aa »=K.x-i«
miMiuii 11UJJUUUIUMI * wwinriiHiwn CROCnET BUTTONS, large line assorted colors. Value 15c to Special Price, $1 Td nattier; new mixtures in blue, tan and gray.
25c dozen. __ . Price. 81.85 Yard
New things from the land of Fashion's A few Easter Novelties. We keep a Special Price, So 3D as BLACK BOURDON LACE, 3to 4 inches wide, large assortment •. —'. :
Swelldom. full assortment of Fancy Hosiery and . FANCY MESH VEILING, tans, brown, navy, white and black. of patterns. Value 15c to 25c. DRESDEN NOVELTY, 40 inches wide, silk
PHASING CREATIONS! call your attention to our display, this Plain and chenille dots Value 16c to 25c „ ■ • Special Price, lOC Yd • ml«d_ in^ .
STRIKING COLORINGS! week. opeoiftljt-rioei J-^-»cs x. CM. . novelties In selecting your spring suits.
PRICKS RIGHTS TELESCOPE FANS, assorted colors, the regular 25c kind. HAND-PAINTED FANS, assorted colors. Value 25c and 35c. They come in light mixtures of tan, blue
inspect our assortment this week for "y™^™^^^^ Special Price, lOc ZEa Special Price, IBc Ea and green. Pr . ce> woo Yard
Easter. double sole and toe. plain or Richelieu SPECIAL EASTER QUOTATIONS FRO M THE CLOAKROOM. . .Uc'-V'
ribbed, new tan shades, all black, and black PlVrv sTßtpifn sjiTTTrxr inrhei wide
NOVELTY TRIMMINGS, new Dresden Silk with white foot. , X¥ >. JMI • '. FA fn"he "ew^Esrte.! [ effe«s. .Usappearini
. yokes, jetted and spangled, the very latest Price, 25c Pair •-.-•. /td&H^Stk ■ ' ' silk stripes running lengthwise of the piece,
creations in dress garnitures. Also carried -^ • . fvKJrjßf^Hsv <-<IV> * medium shades, a new thing.
and C 3Daiigles 1 .° n CHILDREN'S TAN COTTON HOSE, made i»-4fevJ<f^« W^^^^KO^ C^?)#^i3 Price, »1.00 \ .ml
$3.00 to SIO.OO Kach of line Mnco yarn, all new shades to match \hetN^!-»k <$Jw&&Zil'^-\ ' '"■ " '^f'
IRIDESCENT BEADED AND SPANGLED toes, sizes 5 to 9. ' R_^&i&"r Jj * > : Ca^^^^p^ • CTjOAIiS
YOKES on fine nets, sailor to 59.00 Each Price, 25c Pair /7tl>\>v ' !»!, 'I /4^^4^^yv 50 LAnIKS> TA - N " COVERT-CLOTH JACK-
«.«;.()() to 59.00 Bach /> ,", \ /«miv -* /r^4^^xv 50 L , AI)IES ' TAN COVERT-CLOTH JACK-
PF\RI YOKFS deli^t7~shades forevenine GENTS' TECK TIES, in all the latest pat- " " (wWltxßlm. — lined, sizes 32 to°4o'. % Regular price |™ S 5O.
PE tear, plafn and fridescenfeffe'ets 8 flowtn? indT 8 " kS ' """' WUh ' " '" aC " d °" S ' lle >loDday " *5 00 Each
13.00 to 86.00 Each "' " Price, 50c E.ach 3 5 LADIES' BLAZER SUITS, In . .^^iSßW^Bk 40 LADIES' FIGURED ALPACA
ALL-SILK PFRSIA\ BAND TPIMMIWs fancy mixtures, skirt lined with jE^~&i'&-nWW>'stl^. SKlltls, lined with Rustle 20 LADIES' LIGHT TAN KERSEY JACK-
AIJ^^t yB *™* RI r^ov" 1 GENTS' FOUR-IN-HAND TIES, new style, Sho^und witn^ J^^W^^^ ' W VFf^ KfeM^
Prices, »1.25 to 81.50 \ar<l new patterns, new colorings, large assort- vet. si7.es 'i'l to 38. On sale i^!«^#^Pw il l'-wl«-iam placed on special sale for M.on- braid, pearl buttons down front and on
• ment. Monday only. Kesular price Jt^MXk'Mi^i/'M^AMw^i-^^^k. dfti onlv< sleeves, ripple back, fancy silk lined, sizes
PLAIN AND IRIDESCENT SPANGLED Price. 50c Each «10 50. , AWBmmE?^*Waffi?M)£ f^ffl*!\ * .... -»«-«. 34 to 40. We think this Jacket cneap at. ?-JO.
,2lw3ii : T,r:;-:: t r - s ±r» eoial Ppioe ' $7 - 50 ,^PI^B^Wk - p3 ° ' __..... .......™
' A TRIMAIIXO,^n all s""hades." *- x > ■ green effects, 10 patterns to choose from. ■' dß^Kmb^ttiTfi* CS&%iJHQ JM^JTTI ' ' DOMESTICS.
Prices, 15c to 50c Yard Price, 50c Each . "^w &J7 ■ \Z*¥^f NEW MADRAS CLOTH, 33 inches wide, slm-
uA ¥ r^ nr^AiO • vitO *«*>»«**"- — Price , 15c iMd
1 I /^ H ■ >4 ■—^ Jf m M^st^ A/S^v^ WjmSmW' IS, T»» ffN^>S<Ay?s NEW DRAPERIES, 27 to 36 inches wide, in
1 E / % S I I m B^K ■ ■ && v ' JfSanKv^-.r^V^ra • the new crep* effects and Swiss ground,
H. JL A m SI -V ■ .V ■ B^^ I m *^> J mK^rMy^yy^y.''^^^ <^^ pretty floral designs, all colors.
f jffi!sfr^'%'s<#'J!fS^ Trices, 15c, 20c and 25c Yard
nvconporiATErj , SPECIAL TIIIS WEEK »3 35 "V ; ' ' - ■■■
SPECIAL THIS WEIR, 93.35. FRENCH SWISSES, a new line just out of
1 __ T' .'<',•: . — , • 60 LADIES' TAN SINGLE CAPES, Rnche of game material around neck; trimmed with fancy colored braid around collar, down front their original cases, all white, great variety
/A->*"y_/\ Aup A/I O ♦•I^'/3kT Wff*£kAT and around bottom; 19 inches long. Come also in black and navy blue, all sizes. The regular price Is ¥3 50. We will place it on sale of dots and figures.
y37~y45 ATlciriVei Oiled. Monday morning., «rSEE ABOVE CUT. Speoial Frioe, 62.25 Prices from lOC to 50c Yard
NOTED TEMPERANCE MEN
Monsignor Nugent and Bishop
Montgomery Will Witness
Cadets Drill.
AN AUSPICIOUS MEETING.
One Founded the League of the Cross
in England, and the Other in
San Francisco.
Among the persons that will witness the
coming competitive drill of the League of
the Cross Cadets in the Mechanics' Pavilion
two are especially noted in the cause of
temperance. Right Rev. Monsignor Nu-
Right Rev. Monsignor Nugent of J iverpool and Right Rev. George Montgomery
of Los Angeles, Promoters of the League of the Cross in England and America.
[Drawn by a "Call " artist from photograplis.'j
gent, the founder of the now world-wide I
total-abstinence movement known as the
League of the Cross, and Right Rev.
i George Montgomery of Los Angeles, who
established the league in this City, will be
present on the occasion.
The fact that two such distinguished
leaders in the temperance crusade will be
among the spectators would of itself be
sufficient to attract great crowds. Both
i are earnest and successful workers and are
I endowed with v personal magnetism to
win respect and admiration.
Monsignor Nugent has been in the
United States for the past eight months
seeking to recuperate his health, which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 29, 1896.
had been run down by constant work.
Notwithstanding his 74 years he is very
active. The scene of his labors for the
past fifty years lias beeu the great com
mercial port of Liverpool, which has a
Catholic population of 200.CXX). But
"Father Nugent," the name by which he
is popularly known, is universally re
spected by all, independent of creed.
In 1872 Monsignor Nugent inaugurated
the great temperance movement in Eng
land. He is most thorough in his meas
ures and almost in every great city of
England preached total abstinence. His
success was marvelous. Often after a lec
ture he administered the pledge to thou
sands.
He is a personal friend of Archbishop
Riordan, whom he is visiting at present.
He only intended to stay a few days, but
when he heard of the competitive drill of
the cadets he postponed his departure. He
says lie would not miss the event under
any consideration.
The committee in charge of the drill in
vited Bishop Montgomery to be present,
and he has accepted. The Bishop is an
enthusiast on temperance questions. It was
he who founded the League of the Cross in
San Francisco. Naturally he will be
highly gratified to meet all the young men
again. It is expected that he will deliver
an address on the occasion. He is a man
of marked personality and an earnest
speaker.
He has many admirers in San Francisco
among all classes.
There will be many other interesting
features on the occasion. Judge Sullivan
will present a magnificent stand of colors
to the regiment from Council 35, Y. M. I.
Although all the different companies have
been presented with American flags by
their many admirers, still there has been
no regimental stand of colors. The two
flags are very r>retty, and will be a great
set-off to the handsome uniforms of the
boys.
General Graham will review the cadet
on the occasion. Eigbt uniformed corns
panics will pass before him. The cadets
are preparing very bard for the coniDeti
tion, and the entire regiment drills every
Sunday in the Presidio grounds. The an
ticipations are that it will be most
successful.
TROUT AND BASS.
No Morning Train to Paper-MIU Creek.
Bass From San
Diego.
Anglers who have decided upon a day's
trouting on the Paper-mill and Lagunitas
creeks next Wednesday, which will be the
first day of the open season, must not for
get that the North Pacific Coast Railroad
has made a change in its time table, com
mencing to-day.
On Wednesday and during the week
days only one train, connecting at Sausa
lito with the ] :4. r > o'clock boat from this
City, will puss the trout streams on that
line.
As there will not be a morning train
anglers who propose whipping; the Lagu
nitas, Paper-mill and Olenia creeks on
Wednesday must leave this City on Tues
day afternoon, so as to have the cream of
the sport on the first day of the season.
Excursion tickets will not be soid on week
days, consequently the fraternity must
pay hi^h for sport if they desire to visit
streams on this line on the opening of the
trout-hshing season.
Owing to the change of time, a large
number of anglers will try their luck on
the creeks which can be reached by trains
of other lines that leave this city at an
early hour.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Wilson and
Cross have taken their departure for San
Diego for the purpose of securing a num
ber of large-mouth bass tbat were planted
in a lake near San Diego four or five years
ago by the United Slates Fish Commis
sioners. It is said that the bass have
grown large and strong, and if the depu
ties succeed in making v good catch, it
will not be many years before the anglers
of this city will" have a chance of trying
their skill in catching these game and
edible fishes. The bass from the San
Diego lake will be planted in Battle Creek,
which is tributary of the Sacramento
River. If they increase in numbers, the
Kus>i:in River and other waters adjacent
to this City will be stocked with large
mouths.
A JUSTICE'S FAITH.
He Trusted a Tout at the Racetrack
and Thereby Lost. One Hun
dred Dollars.
Justice Carroll suffered a loss at the Bay
District track recently for which he blames
one Ransome Elm wood, a tout with whom
he was slightly acquainted.
Mr. Carroll was accosted by Elm wood,
who asked him to cash a hundred-dollar
check drawn by himself on the Wells-
Fargo bank. The justice found he had
not the necessary com at that time, but on
expressing regret Barney Schreiber, the
well-known turfman ana friend of Car
roll's, offered to supply it. Carroll ac
cepted the offer and turned over the
money to Elmwood, who indorsed the
check. The paper was dishonored at the
bank, although it is reported that Elm
wood had intended making it good had the
speculation with the justice's coin "turned
out right."
Easter Tea and Sale.
The members of the Ladies' Guild of the
Howard Presbyterian Church are making
elaborate preparations for the Easter tea and
sale which is to be held on Saturday afternoon
and evening, April 4, in the spacious parlors
of Mrs. William Jones Somers, 1034 Mission
street. A unique collection of Easter novel
ties, fancy work, bric-a-brac, etc., has been
donated for the sale table. Refreshments will
be served nfternoon and evening, and In the
evening a very select musical programme will
be renderea. Friends of the church are cor
dially invited.
Parlor Suffrage Meeting.
There will be a parlor meeting at the home
of Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Blinn, at 1527 Post
street, to-morrow evening in the interests of
woman suffrage. Miss Anthony and Miss
Yates will address the guests.
FOR EJECTING TENANTS
A New and Unfailing Scheme
Is to Remove Doors and
Windows.
DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND.
How the Siege of a Tremont-Avenue
House Was Met With Equal
Strategy.
There is a new way of removing objec
tionable tenants, and it might, from its re
cent origin in this City, be called the San
Francisco tenant-ejecting process.
It consists simply of removing front
doors and windows and instituting a sort
of freeze-out game; but in the artistic and
The House on Tremont Avenue. Near Frederick Street, With Inside Doors Nailed
Across the Window and Front Door by the Tenants After the Owner Had Re
moved the Regular Fixtures in Order to Force the Family to Leave.
[Sketched by a "Call artist.]
legal method employed lies the secret of
its great success and efficiency-
After all attempts at pleading for pay
ment have failed and every one of the old
methods of getting rid of the tenant have
been exhausted, then it is that the agent,
accompanied by two mechanics and a
lawyer, makes his final strategic move.
The attorney is on hand to see that no
ground is afforded the tenants on which
to base an action for forcibly entering the
premises. At the same time care is taken
that there is not in the house any sick
person who might suffer from the ex
posure and sue for damages.
Then the nice part of the work begins.
An entrance must be gained in a legiti
mate way. And this is usually accom
plished under toe pretext of making some
repairs or of altering the door and window
fastenings. The doors and windows are
then removed and carted off in the express
wagon used by the mechanics.
The most recent operation of the new
scheme was upon a house on Tremont
avenue, near Frederick street. The family
were "stayers," and smooth talk, argu
ment and threats did not avail with them.
About a month ago A. M. Spectc & Co.
began the siege on behalf of the loan asso
ciation that owns the property.
The water supply was cut off, but that
never worried the occupants of the
house. They borrowed from their neigh
bors. A whole week passed and there was
no sign that a water famine existed.
Late one Saturday afternoon the men
came to repolish the oak door
and to repair a front window, the glass in
ozie sash having been cracked by the force
of the blasting on Ashbury Heights near
by. The man was not at "home, but his
wife opened the door and afterward stood
unsuspectingly by while it was beingj re
moved from its hinges.
Everything progressed smoothly until
after the lower sash of the large front
window had been taken down to the side
walk and placed near the door. Then the
little woman seemed suddenly (not too
suddenly) to apnreciate what it all meant.
She rushed frantically down the long
flight of step? and graeped the sash. The
men tried to take it away from her, but she
clung desperately on to the frame, even
alter most of tne glass had been smashed
out in tne struggle.
The men loaded the door on their wagon
and drove away.
But the tenants were not immediately
conquered. Next morning the neighbors
were surprised to see two basement doors
nailed across the large window, and the
main doorway was supplied with the two
interior folding-doors that had been re
moved in the night and nailed in place by
the man of the house on his return home.
For several days things went on as usual,
only the postman handed in bills through
a front window and collectors and delivery
men went round to the backdoor.
Nearly a week had passed when one day
a hack stopped in front of the house and
the old lady and the little girls got in.
"Now you wait untii I get 'Polly' and
birdy," called out the little woman, and
when two cages had been placed in the
carriage it drove away, whither the neigh
bors have not yet found out.
Late that night an express wagon
rumbled in the street. The next morning
the neighbors and the anxious agent
learned that the tenants had evacuated
their fortifications.
CORBETT AND MAHER.
They May Sleet in This City at the
Olympic Club Entertain
ment.
Rumors were floating around the Olym
pic Club yesterday that the directors in
tended making a proposition to Champion
Corbett to box ten rounds with Peter
Maher at the boxing tournament of tha
ciub, which will be held in the Pavilion in
May.
Some of the officers who were inter
viewed on the matter laughed at the idea,
but it can be safely said, however, that il
the club can secure Corbett and Maher as
the star attraction of the boxing festival
those famous knights of the glove will be
seen here in May.
Corbett lias intended paying this City a
visit for some time purposely to see his
parents and as Fitzsimmons'has persist
ently refused to notice Corbett's challenge
until the latter has met and defeat* 1 Peter
Maher it is not by any means improbable
that Corbett, will* agree to any reasonable
offer made to him by the club in which he
learned how to box.
In case Corbett should meet Maher in
this City and whip the Irishman inside of
ten rounds he would instantly challenge
Fitzsimmons and force the New Zealander
into the ring, where the world's euampion-
Bhip contest would be decided.
Market-Street Hallway Dividend.
The Market-street Railway Ci ■ ipany has de
clared a dividend of GO cents for the quarter
ending March 31. This reprev uts a return o!
about 5 perjcenton the present value of the
stock, which is quoted at abc:t $47 a share.
The total number of shares on which this
dividend is to be paid is something over
180,000, and the stockholders will thus re
ceive an aggregate net income of nearly
$450,000.
Malchin Goes > r ortb.
Baron Ivan Malchin and his manager, Alfred
Scherr, leave for Seattle Monday evening. where
the former will engage Ca]tain Jennings in a
sword contest. When he returns the Baron it
open to all comers wita the broadsword
mounted or unmounted.